Continued on Page 2, Column. 1.
DETROIT? ': Mich.; : 9.— The wooden
steamer J.^N.Glidden'; was, sunk near the
lower • end j of the ; ship r'carial; at; the en
trance ;to . the . 8L' ; Clair . flats ; byt the How,
of the steamer "Empire iCity to-day. ~ No
lives, were lost. The Gllddenrsank=diag
onally > across '¦] the ;¦ canal;' leaving, barely
spaceV between /her T bow arid the" canal
bank ,' for* a boa t ' to 'pass'.': " A <: bad '¦ tangle
of • shipping at ; this point is in sight. '
Steamer Sinks in Ship Canal.
BALTIMORE. Md.. Oct. "9.— The ship
W. A. Babcock. xoal laden, Baltimore
for San Francisco, is ashore in Chesa
peake Bay, near the mouth of the.Patap
sco River. The vessel was in tow. of the
tug Cumberland, which is standing by.
Other. tugs have gone to. her assistance.
.Tugs Standing By to Rescue Vessel,
Which Was Bound for San
Francisco.
COLLIEB W. A. BABCOCK4|
ASHORE IN CHESAPEAKE
Continuing, Ritchie -asserted- that one
of the principal questions; to be consid
ered-was the attltude'of the, United States.-
This • country must tryi to guards against
giving the United States cause for. rescn t-
Confirming the published accounts of
Balfour's of Chamberlain's
resignation, Ritchie said the Duke" -of
De\'onshire, m Lord Balfour of Burlefgh,
Lord George Hamilton and himself' met
after both Cabinet councils and decided
to send in their resignations without hav-^
ing heard- a, word to the effect that Cham
berlalh would resign. Ritchie strongly
attacked the Chamberlain policy, and de
clared that it would raise the cost of
everything.
His revelation of r the usually carefully
guarded secrets of the Cabinet councils,
for which he must have obtained : the
King's consent, is intensely interesting
as showing that he really precipitated^the
present struggle by opposing : Chamber
lain's demand for the retention of -the
grain duty and carrying : the majority; of
the Cabinet" with him against the Premier.'
The former Chancellor of the Exchequer
felt sure' that the 'preferential proposals
were merely an entering wedge :' which
would ultimately; land the country' In ! ; the
same position ' as 'Germany, where food
taxes had driven the .workingmen to so
cialism.
The mixed reception given to Ritchie is
regarded as an indication that Chamber
lain's scheme is taking hold of the country
and is fiercely dividing the Unionist party.
Incidentally Ritchie revealed that he was
solely responsible for the abolition of the
shilling duty on wheat He said that
Chamberlain proposed j to retain the duty
and give the colonies preference,, but the
speaker, believing that It was only the be
ginning of a larger scheme of protection,
threatened to resign if the duty was not
forthwith abolished. .
The speaker precipitated a scene of dis
order by declaring 'that "Chamberlain had
been inconsistent because * he* upheld free
trade while president of the Board of
Trade and protection while Colonlal'Bec
retary. ,
A large Liberal element was present.
The reception of Ritchie was decidedly not
harmonious, consisting.'. of* \ cheers, . .hoots
and counter-cheers for Joseph Chamber
lain.
LONDON, Oct. 9.— Mrl Ritchie!, Member
of Parliament for Croydon, and until re
cently Chancellor of the Exchequer, deliv
ered a speech to-night on free trade and
the reasons for his resignation before an
audience of 4000 people at Croydon Town
Hall. V
Victor . Cavendi&h, nephew.; and heir of
the Duke of ' Devonshire, has been ap
pointed'Financial Secretary, to the Treas
ury., Earl . Percy," Under Secretary for
India, eldest": son of . the Duke of ,North :
umberland, \ has * been appointed Under
Secretary ' for-Fo'relgn Affairs.
LONDON, Oct.* 9.— The. new* Cabinet
Ministers have assumed their duties, the"
seals of office having been exchanged at
a privy council ' meeting, held by King Ed
ward at Buckingham Palace , this morn-
Ing. - All the 'retiring .'Officials and their
successors were ' present, with 1 the excep
tion,; of the Duke of Devonshire, the, late
Lord i President of ¦ the Council, and r Mr;
Arnoid-F6rster,".the v new ,War Secretary.
The latter was, Indisposed and the former
was subsequently in private au
dience by < the King; f ' . ' 4
Devonshire's Heir Made Financial
-Secretary, to the Treasury.
MINISTERS MEET EDWARD.
The speaker j resumed his seat amid a
scene -of disorder, and a vote of thanks
was ultimately carried amid boisterous
shouts and' hooting.
me'nt which would result In her punishing
Canada. *
The above statement resulted in fresh
disorder and the singing of '"Rule Brit
annia." ' •
lands, has received Intimation from
London that he has been selected to suc
ceed the late Sir Michael Herbert as
British Embassador to the United States.
; Wayne Mac Veagh's violent attack on
Great '.-.Britain - before M thc arbitration
c6uft in the Venezuela case is severely
condemned,- even by . Americans, here.
MacYeagh: has returned to the. United
States and will not appear at the*meet
lng" oh" November i.
THE HAGUE, Oct. 9.— It Is definitely
stated in government and diplo
matic circles that Sir Henry How
ard, British Minister to the Nether-
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Mixed Reception
Shows Split
in Pftrtv.
Edward's Minister at
The Hague Is
NEWCHWANG,, Manchuria,
Oct. 9.— The troops- of the Rus
sian garrison, headed by their
band playing national airs, pa
raded the principal streets of the
foreign and Chinese settlements
to-day^ ostentatiously, as though
to emphasize the fact that Rus
sians are still the governors ot
this port; The civil administra
tor, M.Grosse, to-day stated.. that
lie had received no instructions
regarding withdrawals. His as
sistants freely assert that a per
manent occupation is intended. In
speaking with 'a, Consul who called
torday to inquire regarding Rus
sia's intentions the officials treated
the question ; of evacuation as a
The Chinese Taotai of New-"
chwang; recently returned and
tried to arrange the transfer of
'government, but without success.
The : Russian, administrator re
quired him to leave, which' he
did. The Russian Government is
obtaining much valuable real es
tate from the Chinese guilds at
ridiculously cheap prices' by offi :
ciai pressure. All ; events . support
trie:- predictions that Russia in
tends to remain here. . r ,
• The. uncertainty regarding trie
future is handicapping commer
cial projects.
The scheme of the maneuvers
about /Port Arthur is for the fleet
and army to prevent • an
by a hostile armyj to effect a land
ing ; from; transports protected by
a hostile fleet/ -The maneuvers
occurring on* the date ; that ; the
Other- governments are looking
for the evacuation of Manchuria,
are regarded as v significant, and
perhaps ¦intendedias«an object les
son to Japan 'of -Russia's prepar
e'dhess to ineet^iiivasibn..
Troops March
in the Streets
of J\[eivchivang
BRITISH DIPLOMAT TO Bfc
EMBASSADOR TO THE UNIT
ED STATES, i
UNIONISTS
CHEER AND
JEER RITCHIE
nation is supposed to be Korea. It
is at present rumored *that the
Japanese are landing men there.
" • CHEFOQ, Oct.^).— -The Rus
sian fleet left Port Arthur yester
day with sealed orders. Its desti-
Russian Ships
; Depart With
Sealed Orders
Except for the running of the ferry
boats the Erie Railroad was practically
tied cp. No trains were run on the main
line west of Passaic, none on the Newark
branch west of -Newark, none west of
Norwood, on the northern branch, none
west of Arlington and no trains on cither
the New Jersey and New York Railroad
or the New York, Susquehanna and "West
ern Railroad. The Delaware, Lackawanna
and Western v?as also badly crippled. On
the Pennsyh-ania It was stated that regu
lar schedules were maintained.
The only delay to the trains on the
New York, New Havpn and Hartford
Railroad was during the heaviest part of
the storm, when the water rose to a
height of three feet on the tracks In the
Bronx,, and the engineers were obliged
to run cautiously. By the time the "storm
had cleared, however,' the local trains
were running on their regular schedules.
Only one life was reported lost, that of
a Klrt drowned by the carrying away of a
bridge over a creek. Thousands of New
Jersey commuters slept In New York to
r.ight. being unable to return to their
homes*
A great part of the city was laid under
water and scores of great plants, Includ
ing: those of the Rogers Locomotive
¦Works and the Passaic Steel Company,
were flooded and shut down. Involving a
Jbsa estimated at fully $1,000,000.
OHX LIFE IS LOST.
Reports of extensive floods and serious
damage to property and Interruptions of
traffic came from almost all sections of
New Jersey and Long Island. In Newark,
P&ssaic and other large manufacturing
centers many factories were closed owing
to the flooding of engine-rooms. In many
places electric light and power plants were
fhut down for the same reason. A dam
on the Ramapo River at Pompton brolte,
flooding the valley for ten mile*, but caus
ir.g no loss of life.
Paterson was one of the worst sufferers,
and for a time this afternoon there was
grave darper of a repetition of the terri
ble disaster of last February. To-night
the flood is subsiding and 'all danger is
believed to be over.
HEAVY PROPERTY LOSS.
Suburban steam and trolley lines, with
hardly an exception, were crippled by
floods and washouts, and In the early
morning rush hours thousands of sub
urban residents were unable to reach
their offlces in this city. Those who were
/ort"jr.ate enough to cross the ferries
found further progress blocked . by the
Submerged condition of the water front
streets, across which they were ferried In
trucks end wagons.
Along zM the river front and in many
sections of Brooklyn cellars were flooded
and an enormous amount of damage doneT'
A great portion of the subway was badly
flooded.
' NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— Torrential rain,
* commencing early yesterday morning and
continuing with scarcely any intermission
until late this afternoon, during: ¦which
time the unprecedented precipitation of
* 10.04 inches was recorded at the local
•weather bureau, laid New York City and
all the surrounding country under a flood
" to-day, causing damage that will amount
to many hundred thousand dollars. To
. night the rain has ceased, but a coast
storm is reported to be approaching and
a. threatened hurricane renders It unsafe
for vessels of any class to leave port.
Record Precipitation of More
Than Ten Inches Dur
ing Storm.
Streets and Cellars Are
Awash and Factories
Closed.
Y ONDON, Oct. > io.— The
I Time^orrespohdent'atVi-
sends confirmatory in
formation of Russia's extraordi
nary preparations for war with
Japan. He quotes a well-informed
. personage from St. Petersburg .as
saying that the Russian military
authorities expect war to break
out in a few weeks. The railways
of the whole trans-Gaspian dis
trict have been seriously crippled
by the drafting of men and mate
rial for the Far East
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sailors
. Orders for a
Battle.
New York Almost
Entirely Under
Water.
Troops of Czar
Muster for a
Conflict
TORRENTIAL
RAIN FLOODS
METROPOLIS
BRITAIN TO ACCREDIT
SIR HENRY HOWARD AS
SUCCESSOR TO HERBERT
War's WildSignal
IsNoivIleady
to Sound.
GOES FROM HOTEL TO DIE
IN SANATORIUM BY SIDE
OF WATCHING BRIDE
WEST POINT
CADETS ARE
C0NVICTED
Two Academy Men
Sentenced to
Dismissal.
Champagne and High
balls Make All
the Woe.
President Is Asked to Be
Merciful to the Budding
Warriors.
YOUNG AND PRETTY WIDOW OF THE CHICAGO MAN WHO DIED
SUDDENLY AND UNDER SOMEWHAT PECULIAR CIRCUMSTANCES
" AT A LOCAl/ ...ArflTARIUJL
Abram H. Kohn, a Wealthy Chicago Invalid,
Succumbs, and Dr. Gedge Is
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 9.— Captain James
G. Steese. who stands first In his class
at the West Point Military Academy, and
Cadet William A. Ganoe, who stands
forty-seventh, or exactly In the middle
of the same class, have been sentenced to
dismissal for misconduct.
Both young men are from Pennsylvania
and are members of the third-class. The
court-martial which convicted and sen
tenced them recommended clemency, ami
the War Department, In forwarding pa
pers to the President to-day for action,
is understood to have indorsed the court's
recommendation for mercy.
Steese and Ganoe were tried . for in
toxication and taking undue advantage
of academy regulations. One of the rules
of the academy Is that a cadet of blgii
standing in conduct may, with permission.
accept an invitation to dine outside the
academy.
Steese. Ganoe and Arthur R. Calvo, son
of the Costa Rican Minister to the United
States, who was a cadet at the academy
by authority of a resolution of (Jonsress.
went to Newburg to dine at th'e hotel.
The testimony at trial showed that they
drank one quart of champagne, one quart
of Chablis and three highballs- Tha
specifications to the charge of taking un
due advantage of the academy regulations
was that tha invitation had been ob
tained from the son of the proprietor of
the Newburg. Hotel and was not such
ab Invitation as the regulations contem
plated.
OUTLAW JOE BOBEBTS
IS NOW IN CUSTODY
Wounded and Weary and Finding
-Escape Impossible He Surrender*,
to a Deputy Sheriff.
TUCSON, Ariz.. Oct. 9.— Joe Roberta,
the notorious Graham County outlaw
who repulsed a posse of officers In a fight
on the Blue River about three weeks ago,
has surrendered. Wounded and worn out
alter a hard fight, he found it was Impos
sible to escape the third posse that had
taken his trail and gave himself np to
Deputy Sheriff Bob Bailey, who was en
gaged *in the fight between the Roberta
gang and the Graham County officers and
rangers. 'Roberts was taken to Solomon
viile and placed in jail, where he will b«
closely s watched to prevent his escape,
should he change his mind.
WEAK CHILEAN CABINET
BTJT A MONTH INPOWEB
Country Grows Poorer While Poli
ticians and Contractors Get Rich
Off State Ball ways.
VALPARAISO, Oct. 9.— The sixth and
most ephemeral and Insignificant of Presi
dent Riesco's Cabinets ended yesterday
with the resignation of all its members.
The retiring Cabinet was less than one
month in power.- These frequent minis
terial crises are a very great hindrance
to the prdgress of the country. ',' ;*¦:
Chile Is only a shadow of what it Fas
before the revolution. The construction
of railroads, roads,, ports and. bridges is
stopped. Consuls are suppressed or ate
appointed to countries having no connec
tion at all 'with, Chile. Worst of all and
the source of the most scandalous pecu
lations are the , state railways. In which
hundreds of millions of, dollars are : in
vested without giving one cent to the
national treasury, but which are enrich
ing oil, coal and other contractors.
and upon receiving his share the son
started out to travel. As stated before
he- arrived, here last : Monday. ¦ night and
the first Intimation ¦ his , acquaintances
here received that he "was married was
.when they read the notice. of the arrival
of himself and wife, at the Palace. Dur
ing -his short, stay there Mr. and Mrs.
Kohn were. seldom seen . about ' the. Hotel,
apparently preferring the seclusion of
their apartments, while their colored ser
vant attended to their wants on the out
side. On. the. way out to the coast Kohn
had suffered continuously for. the want of
his. accustomed drug,, and at .times his
nervous condition was j of an alarming
character. Kohn had but, a short time
before succumbed ' to" ' the importunities
of his young wife, , and ..with her en
couragement .he was struggling desper
ately to . subdue, his appetite. When the
couple reached this city, Kohn was almost
a wreck. It had been the wish of Mrs.
Kohn' that he should seek some cure for
his vice and he had promised to submit
to a physician's treatment on his arrival
There. True to his word the husband sum
moned medical assistance Tuesday after
noon. Upon the recommendation of one
prominent . physician he engaged the. ser
vices of Dr.- D. M. Gedge of 1 2004 . Stelner
street, and under the doctor's .direction
Kohn entered the Adler Sanatorium
Thursday afternoon. It being agreed that
his wife should go with him and attend
him. The: remainder of the story leading
up to the death of Kohn is best told in
the words of his pretty young wife, who
related it to a Call reporter as she sat
in the Ferry Depot last evening, await
ing "• the departure of the boat that wa3
to take her. on. her sad journey to the
East. . *
THE WIFE'S STOBY.
Between her sobs the unfortunate widow
made" clear " her 'wifely relations to the
dead ¦ jnari, which she said were the cul
mination of his attentions paid to her for
several months in Chicago, where she was
living with relatives. She said :
. It is cruet for them to Insinuate that my in
terest ' In . Abe was other r than • that of a wife.
We ware quietly married "by "a.* Justice "of the
Peace "at Lak,e "Beulah. Wts.. on May 17 '- teat
and have - been . together almost continuously
ever, since. For family reasons he was anxious
to keep the fact of. our marriage from his rela-'
tlves In Chicago for a few months, and to this
proposition I willingly assented. I soon learned
that- he was using a drug <¦ and I appealed to
him to "quit It; lie said he would try to do so.
Ills, attempt resulted in much suffering, a fact
which I keenly noted and endeavored to allevi
ate in* every' possible way that sujg-ested ltst]t
SHIP BENJAMIN SEWALL
.-¦-¦; IS LOST AT PESCADORES
Only Three Persons, Including the
Captain, Are Saved, According
to Dispatch to Lloyd's.
LONDON, Oct. 9.— A dispatch to Lloyd's
from An-Plngr, Formosa, says that the
American ship Benjamin Sewall and her
cargo have been totally lost at Pesca
dores. Only three persons on the vessel,
including the captain, were saved.
The Benjamin Sewall. Captain Hal-"
stead, -was last reported at Singapore - on
June 13. She hailed from Boscoc. Mu«.,
' and was owned by JL ii. Sewall.. .
Continued ; on Page 2, Column 3.
.¦•/"¦S" TRANGELT Interesting 'is the
L story surrounding the - death
early .yesterday morning . at the
Adler 'sanatorium, on Green
J street, "of Abram H: Kohn, a
son of a late millionaire mer
chant and banker of Chicago.
. The young man arrived 'from the East
last, Monday, accompanied '¦[ by /a'" hand
some young woman, .whom j he • registered
at the Palace as- hlsjwiffc, Thursday aft
ernoon Kohn went -to the Adler Sanato
rium to - receive*, treatment for nervous
prostration, resultant of- his, attempt to
abstain from the : use of morphine, to
which he had been addicted.' Shortly aft
er midnight yesterday morning: he was
found dead in- his bed beside "his -wife.'
Nurses "were hurriedly aroused, doctors
sent' for, and when they, arrived the at
tendants of , the institution were pledged
to secrecy concerning the death, and ef
forts to induce them to discuss the affair
proved unavailing: until a . late hour last
night; .when it was realized that r the: se
cret was out and they were forced to the
fuir appreciation of the} fact that further
attempt on their part to withhold the
facts. would reflect on the sanatorium and
Involve its managers In a scandal.' •. -
•Kohn's ; prominence" In • Chicago I and his
wealth, coupled with the peculiar circum
stances of his . death, -are* supposed to
have had much' to' do with the attempt
to conceal . thei facts. Butone message
left the hospital ; during yesterday "and
that was sent to one of Kohn's rich rela-,
tives in Chicago, notifying him of the
death. It received a" prompt response in
the shape of a dispatch - instructing the
sanatorium authorities to have the body,
embalmed; and forwarded; to in
charge of a : colored _man, Philip Jones,'
.who had been Kohn's valet. V No' mention
of the ; 'young ; wlfe ; was made in _ either
of the messages/ a : fact .which ; afterward
explained -ittelf when it 'was develQped
that ; Kohn's r marriage" Is ; still unknown
to his - relatives \ in ; the East. . It ¦• was , a!
secret that\ the young people \ had '- kept
several months and probably would /not
have ; been revealed : : to the * members .of
the family ; in Chicago ; for several months
to comer for, both" husband t and wife' real^
ized that their "union would not be pleas-"
ing to, his ''-. relatives. i
FAMILY IS PROMINENT. .,
; ; Kohn % was \ 31 ; years; of age* arid one ; of
several .children ; to [ survive their ; father,
who died - a T number .of > months ago in
Chicago." One • of ". Kohn's 'sisters ; Is" j Mrs*
Julius Strauss, 'wife ' of a wealthy whole-,
sale milliner '.- of 'Chicago,' another, is^the
wife ; of .' Banker ; Edward G. 'of
the same city, and a third is* Air's. /Joseph
Homer,' and there is also a brother named
Milton; .": Kohh ~i : Sr. I let C'a, j large - fortune/
-¦ o-vs -.;...-;_"*•;-¦» »'¦'¦':'.:, '--'¦ • '.¦ ">/i,:.-'-'\i:-: ¦.'¦ ..¦'
F ONDON, Oct 10. — A dispatch to the Morning Post from Ghefoo says it is persistently rumored that Japan has sent ultimatum
*-* to Russia in reference to the evacuation of Manchuria. It is said that the ultimatum will expire Sunday. The Russians at Che
foo have armed themselves, fearing that trouble may be incited by the preponderating Japanese element there. The correspondent be
lieves that the situation is grave. ~ ;•.•' * /
JAPAN'S ULTIMATUM MAY BE IN RUSSIA'S HANDS;
FLEETS MOVE OMINOUSLY IN ORIENTAL WATERS
SAN FRANCISCO^ SATUKDAY; OCTOBER rlO< 1903.
PRICE, FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 132.
The San Francisco Call./; NEVADA ,\ Mo.V^ Oct.: 9.4-Three\" distinct
earthquake; shocks ; were felt- early i to-day.'
The^nrnvemeht ,- was j from, iwest ko "east/
No damage .was 'done. ; f';>] /C.^.-i '• v •"
Physicians Who Attended • Her'' D«-
V clare She Was Suffering From v
Strychnine Poisoning^ . i
: .WHATCOM, Wash., Oct. 9.— Mystery
surrounds the death of Mlss\ClaraZlnk, i
•aged 20 j years, who : died ;here . last night., i
,The girj had been wof king all day paint-:
: ing ? the ' interior , of her .. home. < Shortly j
after- 5 o'clock she was taken with con- !
Vulslons'r and-dled anvhour later/ -Her
• was . inclined to ? the / belief that
fumes' of the paint '" had .'overcome \ her. 1
Three .physicians' who ; were;called to at
tend "her, declare \ that ' ehe^ was suffering
' from ptrychnlrie poisoning. '. |
MYSTERY; SURROUNDS ;' ' ' :
X ".;'; UdEATH OF ¦; YOUNG -WOMAN
French Chambers Convened.
PARIS, Oct. 9.— President Loubet to
day signed a decree convening an extra
ordinary session of the, Chambers for Oc
tober 20. . . ' . .
':. "' l '-\ .,-',' Weapon..
LEXINGTON, S. C., Oct. 9.— James H.
TiUman was on the; stand to-day more
than four hours,' a witness in his own be
half. For'qne hour he was 1 subjected/to
the' fire'. of cross-examination by' counsel
for the State. , '.But one other '.witness was
placed on the stand by .the' defense," after
which t the defense': rested. Witnesses : in
rebuttal placed on the stand by the State
were j heard during ¦ the * closing | hours.
Good progress was made to-day toward
the conclusion of the trial, which already
has consumed nearly : * two ¦ weeks. , , \"
On cross-examination /Mr. .Tillman was
asked: " YOu did not* mind carrying a
concealed^,weapon Awhile you "were Lieu
tenant Governor?". -.•••':". -. ' •, , •¦
r "Not 'after, my life was ¦ threatened. ..The
Jaw gfves me that right.'/ - - '¦¦¦-. -.c v :'
•> - ll Did you ;.tell r 8onie of ,your ( ' friends that
you' and; Gonzales ' had - an .understanding
that .when, you mefyou -would Bhoof this
thlng/o'ut?" ..,.' : : '.-. : .¦"¦''. : ¦¦'-¦". ¦¦-.'.. '.-¦"
! VI made] the l statement . that it was the
generar understanding -that when we met
we Would have , to r shoot • it out." • ". s
Declares His Life Was Threatened
and He Had Right to Carry .
TILLMAN A WITNESS
IN HIS OWN BEHALF
MANILA. Oct 9.— At the request of
Governor Taft, Admiral. Stirling has dis
patched two gunboats, the Isla de Cuba
and the Pampanea, to Albay and Samar
to search the neighboring waters for the
little steamer Victoria with Johnson and
Herman, the defaulting constabulary offi
cials, on board. A coast guard vessel has
also been sent out to overtake the fugi
tives if possible. No word of their where
abouts has yet .been received from any
source.
gently.
Waters Adjacent to Albay and Samar
Are to Be Patrolled Dili-
VESSELS SENT IN SEARCH •
OF HERMAN AND JOHNSON
Fewer Philippine Municipalities;
MANILA, Oct- 9.— A commission Is now
engaged in reducins the number of mu
nicipalities in the different' provinces' of
the islands. This will greatly reduce th«
expenses of the Government.
The employment of train agents 'along
the local lines of the Southern Pacific
Company was conceived by General Man
ager Kruttscfcnitt. with a view of afford
ing promotion to freight trainmen, who
theretofore had been afforded 'no .encour
agement in the Way of advancement. The
plan, however, was objected to, first by,
passenger train brakernen, who claimed'
that it was unfair to them, and latterly
by the '.'conductors of the same trains.
After a trial of several months General
Manager Kruttschnitt apparently has! be*
gun to share the opinions of the men in
the operating department and has* or
dered that the positions of train agenta
be abolished. .
The Cedric also carried J. Coleman
Drayton, Hans Schwegel, Austro-Hun
garian Vice Consul at Chicago; P. P.
Whltaker, - M. P., and W. H. Truesdale.
president . of the Delaware t Lacka wanna
and -Western Railroad.
NEW YORK,- Oct. 9.-rSlr Thomas Lip
ton sailed" for England to-day on the
steamejf Cedric' Sir Thomas said that he
was not feeling as well as he looked, but
that he expected to gain strength on. hts
way to England. Sir Thomas bade good
byto* H. H. Davies, his agent in. this
country, and C. H. Webster, who were
the only persons at the dock. to see him
off. He, would not talk about the possi
bility of . his ' challenging again for the
cup.
Declines to -Talk About the Possi
bility of Again Challenging for. \
. " the Cup.
SIR THOMAS LIPTON
SAILS FOR ENGLAND
While the foregoing reflects the senti
ment of St. Petersburg, it is .not denied
that there may be a different feeling in
the Russian Orient. Some disquiet has
been caused by a statement made by a
Port Arthur newspaper, the Novykrai,
declaring that the Japanese Foreign and
War Ministers have Joined the Japanese
The Japanese Minister here, M. Kurino,
said to-day that he has seen no indica
tions of warlike disposition here. He
has always found Foreign Minister Lams
dorff ready candidly to discuss Russo-
Japanese relations. The Japanese Minis
ter said there were no reasons' why the
Governments Fhould not reach a peaceful
settlement. He added that although he
was a careful reader of -the Japanese
newepapers he found no warlike tenden
cies in any of the influential papers and
claimed that the Russian papers cited
comments from unimportant Japanese
sheets. ,': '. .-. .
The newspapers here publish extracts
from the Japanese press Indicating hostil
ity to Russia, but the Russian editorials
preserve studied calmness. Diplomatic
circles are aware that the situation in
spires some uneasiness, but they believe
that the Government anticipates a peace
ful solution.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 9.— The state
ment published in the United States yes
terday by a news agency that an anti-
Japanese war .sentiment prevails here is
false. Russian society is absolutely not
given to "jingoism"; the Government re
mains peacefully disposed and the For
eign Office disclaims the slightest senti
ment of hostility. " L
Diplomatists
Jlre Calm in
St. Petersburg
LONDON, Oct. 9.— The Anglo-French
treaty of arbitration is expected to be
signed by Foreign Minister Lansdowne
and Embassador Cambon at the end -of
next week.
A great deal of satisfaction is expressed
at the success -which has attended the
negotiations." The news came as a com
plete surprise to the, foreign embassies
here. • •
It Is acknowledged on all «idea that
King Edward's influence has largely con
tributed to the success .of the negotia
tions for the arbitration treaty'.
Success of the Arbitration Convention
- Negotiations Gives General Sat
: - isf action in London.
ANGLO-FRENCH TREATY
APPARENTLY ASSURED
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 9.— The Southern
Pacific Company has discharged all train
agents over the entire Pacific Coast sya
tem and the old plan of having conduc
tors collect fares and tickets has been re
sumed. This Is regarded with satisfaction
by the conductors.
After Several Months' Trial on Pa
cific System the Plan Prove*
Objectionable. •¦
TRAIN AGENTS' JOBS =
HAVE BEEN ABOLISHED
From papers on Dare's body it was
learned that he had worked on a ranch
near Coopertown, N. D., saved his wages
and was on his way home when attacked.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 9.—Leon
ard C. Dare of Marion. Ind., was killed
on. a Northern Pacific, boxcar at North
town Junction last. night by tramps,- who
robbed him of a considerable . sum of
money which he carried, t As, the train
was pulling out of town ' the trainmen
heard shots fired, and, running to the
scene, saw four men descend "from the
roof, of a car and hurry to! the woods
near by. "Upon investigation Dare's body
was found on top of the car, his skull
crushed and a bullet hole between his
eyes. . . -
Robbery Furnishas. Motive of Crime
. Committed at Northtown Junc
tion, on Northern Pacific.
TRAMPS MURDER MAN
ON TOP OF A BOXCAR
LONDON, Oct. 9.— Addressing the semi
annual meeting to-day of the shareholders
of th*» Grand Trunk Railway of Canada,
the president. Sir Charles Wilson, tjook
exception to Joseph Chamberlain's quo
tation on "American" duties at Greenock
Wednesday to the effect that American
trade was falling off. Sir Charles *sald
he saw no appreciable slackening of the
flow of business. The impression which
he brought home after his recent visit
to Canada and the United States was that
the Industries of both countries were pro
gressing and that under ordinary circum
stances, there seemed to be no reason w - h,y
their continued development should not
be maintained, "In spite of the ill-directed
efforts of the combinations,, which had
introduced such disturbing influences in
the natural course of business." •
Grand Trunk President Declares
American Trade Shows No Sign
, of Falling Off.
WILSON TAKES ISSUE
WITH CHAMBERLAIN
LONDON, Oct. 10.— The Salonlca corre
spondent of the Daily Mail asserts that
Bulgarian prisoners are sent into exile
weekly from th'at port. They are never
heard of again after the ship has sailed,
and it Is Inferred that they are thrown
overboard. ¦ • .,
SALONICA, Oct. 9. — In a fight near
Kolchana yesterday 100 Bulgarians were
killed. -The Turks lost twelve killed and
eighteen wpunded. Another insurgent
band retreating In Bulgaria fought a se
vere action, in wh'lch It lost eighty killed.
One hundred wounded revolutionaries'
were carried off, and another
were left on the. field.
Opposing- Force One
• Hundred. "
Turks Lose Twelve Men and the
BULGARIANS BATTLE ''
WITH ABDUL'S TROOPS
Mellse Is well-fixed financially, being
lessee of the Black Cloud mine. ; Last
Monday morning he left his wife at the
Wallace Hotel while he returned to the
mine,' which is located but a few miles
from here. When he returned in ths aft
ernoon he found her gone and no one
knew of her -whereabouts. Her sister,
Mrs. Fox, who lives at the Monitor ra thia
city, states that she has no idea where
her sister has gone. She says that she
was with her Sunday night and that she
then gave no Intimation of leaving and
led her to believe that she waa perfectly
happy. She knew of no reason for her
sister's act, but believes that she lefr'ih
a fit of anger. She states that the girl
may. have committed suicide.
WALLACE. Idaho. Oct. 9.— The bride, of
less than two .weeks of John . Melise, - a
well-known mining man of Coeur d'Alene,
has disappeared and every one disclaims
knowledge of her whereabouts. Meliso
and Emma Snyder, a handsome 19-year
old 'girl who had been In this section for
only two months, were married' hers
September 29. They took a wedding Jour
ney to Spokane, where the bride secured
an elegant wardrobe. While there the
couple stopped at the Spokane Hotel.
Upon their return to Wallace, according
to the groom, everything appeared to be
moving serenely, when last Monday
morning the bride suddenly disappeared
and nothing has been heard of her since.
Efforts of Her Husband and Relatives
to Locate Her Prove
Futile.
BRIDE' OF A FEW DAYS
SUDDENLY DISAPPEARS
Traylor had been arrested ,.on a charge
of stealing and killing Gurley's cattle, but
after" a' long protracted and bitter trial
he was released on a technicality. Threats
were indulged in at the time, but noth
ing came of tkfem till the fatal meeting
Wednesday, when Gurley accused Tray
lor of theft. Hot words were followed
by shooting. Traylor fell mortally
wounded and died a few minutes later.
His companion was slightly wounded and
fled when he saw his friend drop. Gurley
was arrested the next day and the case
is to be presented to the Grand Jury.
Influential friends of the dead man are
going to prosecute the matter. Gurley
is very defiant, maintaining that he fired
only in self-defense. He was* exonerated
by the Coroner's jury.
TUCSON, Ariz. p Oct. 9.— In a revengeful
mood and ready to shed the blood of his
long hated enemy, Ray Gurley and a par
ty of hts cowmen encountered "William
Traylor .and his partner, E. M. Allen,
at Carpenter's store on the Blue River
Wednesday night and the quarrel "which
originated over some cattle alleged to
have been stolen by Traylor ended In a
fatal conflict.
WlUiam Traylor -Is^ Shot and Killed
on Blue Biver by Bay
.Gurley.
SOW BETWEEN CATTI^MEN
ENTDS IN- FATAL
5j Payne's letter of • acceptance was for
warded to-day: It is a purely formal doc
ument. ¦¦-¦' - ¦ ¦'¦¦ : --'. ¦- r < V : ,' -';'". '-: ,'• . i
' The ..investigation being completed, . I now
have the honor to advise you that in my Judg
ment no evidence has been adduced i Impuglng
the honesty tf Mr. Christiancy. and that there
fore there is no good reason, why his.resigna
tion should>rot be accepted. -, ,- ,, •_ . ,, ~ .
; Chiistlancy's letter of resignation; which
waa % addressed , to^ Postiriaster .General
Payne, was filed in' the 14th of last July.
It says:-- ,*, ... . ¦¦]</.' •<
For reasons assigned in the communication
addressed to you under date~of April 25, 1903,
I request to be relieved « of the dutlea of the
office ot Assistant Attorney ¦ General for the
Postofflce Department. Unless Investigation ol
my official acts* has in your Judgment developed
anything reflecting upon my honesty or integ
rity.' I beg herewith to respectfully, tender my
resignation as an. official of; the Postofflce De
partment, to -take effect at your "earliest con
venience. I take this step because I feel, and
my physician tells me imperatively., that It
will be. abspjutely impossible 'for me to under
take desk work for a considerable time. .
. The reasons'asslgned ,ln. .Christlancy's
letter "of, April 23 were, bad health. '
.The Postmaster General , • when he re
ceived Christiancy's letter, of July 14 t took
no action upon it,-' beyond' referring it to
Assistant Attorney | General Robb .with a
rep;uest for advice as to the proper course
to pursue. Robb's reply ' was not * made
until the." investiBatlon Mnto the conduct
of the i Assistant Attorney General's office
under Tyner had been completed. . His
reply was dated yesterday, and . in- it he
says:- ¦¦ ' \ . .-..' , •, v.-'. ¦ '
¦WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— The Postmas
ter General ! accepted to-day the resigna
tion of. C. .A. Christiancy, an Assistant
Attorney ' General -in ¦'•> the office ot -.the
Unlte'd States Attorney . General for the
Postofflce Department;
CHBISTIANCY RETIBES.
No Evidence -* Found ¦• Against , As
sistant Attorney General. '
WASHINGTON. Oct. 7. 1903.— To the Presi
dent—Sir: Early last spring I, informed the
Honorable Secretary of the Treasury, my offi
cial chief, of my desire and- intention to retire
from the position I had held for six years.
The postal investigations came on and it
seemed desirable that I remain during their
continuance to' give all necessary co-operation.
I now. in accordance with the purpose men
tioned^ respectfully tender my resignation - as
audltor-of the Postofflce Department,, to take
effect .-when my : successor^ Is, appointed . and
qualified.- ¦¦-•''¦ '-/'¦•' - V ..'. ;¦ i • i Sta A.
Please acceDt my thanks for courtesies ex
tended and my best wishes for the continued
success of your administration.
Secretary Shaw replied, "under date of
October, 8: ' _, V- ,• • '..',' ;
I am directed by the President to advise you
that your resignation this day tendered has
been accepted, to take, effect when your suc
cessor is appointed and qualified. -.'
~ In this connection I desire to thank you for
the marked courtesy you have always extended
toward me* during the term ot our official re
lations. '"'<•¦ ¦ ' ¦'.'¦'
Castla sftfd/ the report that he is a di
rector of a mining company which is re
ported to have been engaged- in selling
stock to Postmasters was 'not true, but
added that if. he had been a director In
a mining company there would have been
no ground for criticism in that case. •'
Castle's letter of resignation follows:
. I know ..of ho ' charges. ' If there were^any I
would, not, rof^qourse, be allowed .to .resign. -Tha
only "critiiilsm* of., myself of which I am aware
was made ,by Mr. Tulloch, and I made reply
to his -statement last May.. I .have, of course,
reen the ' newspaper statements that 1 would
be reflected' upon by. .the reports td be made
to Mr. Brlstow and by Messrs. * Monahart and
Conrad. I know nothing us to the accuracy
of this report' anil^can only say that I shall be
prepared to answer- any. criticisms!. when .made.
My only reason for resigning 1* that which has
been given. I -wanted to get out of official life,
¦and I was especially anxious to -avoid spending
.Ui'j last summer Jn Washington-. I was urged,
however, ; to ¦ remain until ' the investigation
could be made and, now that it is over, I want
to get - out' before .. the •" Congressional .¦ Inquiry
commences. -That, may go on indefinitely, and
I do not care to' wait upon its termination.
: ; -To I a j auestiqn as to whether his resign
nation', had been"' induced by any 'charges
connected with the investigation into the
affairs of the -Postoffice Department Cas
tle replied in the negative. 'He said: ;', .
.WASHlNGTONv Oct. 9.— Announcement
of -the.jreslEnation Of H: A. Castle,' audi
tor;, of theVPosto'fflce. Department;, was
made to-day. Thjef, resignation was. dated
October, 7 and was directed to the Secre
tary; of tbe Treasury, -who has indicated
his acceptance;. The resignation is to take
effect .wheh^niSBUCcessof: is appointed and
qualifies,* and" Castle said to-day that he
had 'tendered, his; resignation last spring,
but ;' that when * the Investigation of the
Postofflce • Department affairs was begun
Secretary Shaw* asked him to remain and
he.had consented to do so. Castle added
<tha~tuhls reason for. resigning Is "found in
the < necessity for giving attention to his
private business and that, as soon as're
iteved from- the. duties of his'offlcial posi
tfon ¦he, would ¦ return '.to his" old " home in
StMF$.ui.:...'" ; .. ¦'¦¦' ¦:.:.., c ':¦¦¦¦ :¦'• -•¦•'. .
WASHINGTON, Oct 9.—
Diligent inquiry at the State De
partment for official information
as to the likelihood of a clash be
tween Russia and Japan over
Korea failed to elicit anything
more pointed than an expression
of opinion that "Nothing is likely
to happen this winter." No one
ventures to predict what may hap
pen in the spring, when the north
ern ports begin to thaw out. They
will soon be frozen too tight for
any military operations.
"Xo official in the War Depart
ment believes the United States
will be in any danger of complica
tions in the Far East," said a
member of President Roosevelt's
Cabinet. He added, "It seems a
question which involves Russia
and the Asiatic nations alone."
This comment is indicative of the
feeling which prevails here. The
United States, having obtained its
two open ports, has taken a posi
tion of being removed from dan
ger, and from its vantage point
of neutrality will unconcernedly
watch Russia and Japan fly at
each other.
The Chinese Minister called on
Secretary Hay this morning. He
was much disturbed at the reports
that Russia had made no move
toward evacuating Manchuria.
However, it is understood that he
is not surprised, having been ad
vised several weeks ago that Rus
sia would not do so until China
granted the demands in regard to
Russian influence in Manchuria.
United States
Meed Mot Fear
the Clashing
Tables and chairs were overturned, the
president's chair was smashed to pieces,
clothes were torn, hats -were lost and
eyes blackened in the fierce rough and
tumble fight. . ,
.The occasion was the annual class rush
and the girls of , the rival classes had been
trying for an hour to yell each other
down from the tops of the chapel seats.
Suddenly one 6f the fresnmen eirls ap
peared on the platform ' waving the rival
class colors. ¦ Then the clash came. 'It
was at least twenty minutes before the
faculty could separate the two bands and
restore peace.
TOPEKA. Kans., 'Oct. 9.— On the bis
stage of. the Washburn College chapel.
In_ front of an audience of 500 people, there
was a fierce color fight between the girls
of the freshmen and sophomore classes,
in which thirty-flve sophomore girls tried
to "rush" forty freshmen girls 'off the
platform.
CHICAGO, Oct. 9.— Sensation*! detail*
of the alleged "high financiering" which
is said to have caused the failure of the
commission house of Porter Bros, vom
pany, with liabilities of Jl.000.000, were
brought out In the hearing to-day before
Referee in Bankruptcy Frank I*. Wean.
The main fight was over the allegation
that the company paid thousands of dol
lars in dividends to favored stockholders
during years when the books showed that
it was losing $100,000. President James
Watson's management was bitterly at
tacked. Witness John R, Adams, the
treasurer, declared that he knew very
little of the inner secrets of the corpora
tion.
"I signed all checks at the dictation of
Mr. Watson." he said.
N. R. Doe. a New Tork stockholder, is
leading In the attack upon the Insolvency
of the concern. Doe has also started' suit
for $200,000 undivided profits which he al
leges is due him.
A generally? lower level of quotations
for the leading farm ', staples was most
encouraging. It Indicated that supplies
were, comlne freely to market and testi
fied to the growing confidence in staple
crops.'.- Speculative control ceased with
the marketine of greater' quantities than
the '¦ manipulators could handle and the
grain trade always flourishes better when
nqrmal influences prevail. Lower prices
also attract purchasers abroad and for
eign commerce will r be stimulated. A
moderate recovery late in the week was
natural, as offerings became sufficiently
narrow to bring out many buyers, who
feared. the violent price changes of -, past
"^allures this week number 223 in the
United States, against 245 last year,; and
17 /in,; Canada, compared with 21 'A year
ago-'- . - ' ~'^~ ¦'
.Reduced dividends aha curtailed 1 pro
duction in -the iron and' steel industry
show that conservatism is increasing and
that there Is no disposition to. 'disguise
the fact that business' is not; progressing
without interruptions.
"Thevbest trade advices come from the
Southwest, notably at Kansas City and
St. Louis: from . the western sections,
such as Nebraska and, Iowa, where corn
is turning: out better than expected; from
the Pacific Coast, where trade is still/un
qualifiedly good . despite the slowness of
new wheat and other crops to move, and
from portions of the South, such as the
Mississippi Valley, where present prices
for cotton offered a good return for fair
yields. . • .
R. G. Dun & Co.'s Weekly. Review of
Trade to-morrow will say:
There have been no development of im
portance in the commercial world. As a
rule there is more caution In making con
tracts, especially among • manufacturers.
Uneasiness regarding the, financial situa
tion recedes as the season advances with
out producing any monetary pressure. in
connection with crop moving. The pro
posed reduction in pigiron . output has
been indorsed by all leading producers,
steadying-, prices Just ; changes In
freight ..rates .started* another- reduction.
Other news Is favorable,
except where the raw material markets
are unsettled or labor struggles cause
trouble. Suspension of an iron plant was
attributed to the' latter causu and the
movement of- cotton at New Orleans suf
fered also because of a strike.
RAILWAY EARNINGS INCREASE.
Trade locally is quiet, preparations for
the elections, with unseasonable weather,
having an adverse, effect. Railways are
not yet severely congested by the. crops,
yet there 'is some delay in traffic and
earnings for September are 8.1 per cent
larcer than last year's. Latest returns
of; foreign commerce at this port are un
satisfactory, exports showing a loss of
J1.5S8.644 compared with the same week
last year and Imports decreasing $2,577,623.
The ' growing weakness;., in " j plgiron,
though oh -the face of it unfavorable,
will have the effect- of shuttinir off pro
duction, to the extent of on© million tons
for the last quarter of the -year and of
ending fOxeign imports. Two prominent
Industries,"* those of shoe manufacturing
and of anthracite coal, have been and are
doing well, though margins,' of profit are
smaller. The downward . swing in the
raw material of , industry : is, in fact, a
significant feature. ¦ - . ¦ ¦
WEAKNESS IN FIGIB0N.
The volume of business doing by the
railroads is excellent, thou^n the familiar
car shortage -irouble is looming up despite
improvemertts in terminal facilities.
Many underlying conditlonff are how
ever,, still favorable. First in importance
should be reckoned > the decidedly" better
tone of advices from th^ corn' crop", which
has developed a better quality and a
largrer. yield 'than was deemed possible.
Special inquiry ,by Bradstreot ; s agent
point to a yield of "at, least 2,250,000 bushels,
of a grade far superior to that of a
year ago. Lower prices for this and other
cereals and- for cotton, whose yield will
be smaller thah k seemed probable a month
ago, seem likely to help :' our .backward
export trade in these products and Im
prove the foreign 'exchange "outlook., Col
lections, too,, though backward, are im
proving asvthe grain and cotton move
ments expand. .- '. .' v . >-
NEW. YORK. Oct. .9.-Bradstreef 8 will
«ay to-morrow 6t the state ojt trade:
Trade conditions are still irregular.
Business la of fair volume,' but not so
active as a year ago; partly .because of
the backward season, heavy rains inter
fering with crop movement tmd collec
tions, continued labor troubles, present
and past discouraging building operations
and the spread of the conservative feeling
among : buyers.; based upon stock market
liquidation and the feeling that the high
pricea.of many products will tend, it they
nave not already done so, automatically
to " check consumption."
Declares He Meant to.Le'kve Position
: I/ast Spring but Consented to
Bemain After In vesti- '* " ;
gations Began.
Denies . That His Action Is
'¦ Connected in Any Way
With Scandal.
Two Japanese representing
themselves as merchants were ar
rested on the railway as spies a
fortnight ago and are now in'
prison at Port Arthur.
Faculty Separates Combat
ants After Twenty r Min
utes of Riot.
Auditor Castle Retires
From Postofflce De
partment. .
Lateness , • of Season and
Heavy Rains Are : Dis
couraging Features.
1 : At the Adler, Sanatorium'. last; night t no
information" of^anyT description -was ob
tainable.'. ;In 'answer • to 1 every .; query,; the
same . response v/&s given : , ; .".We ; refer you
te:Piv Getige for particulara, Hi. Uedgc
all there was to it. . . , •'-;"¦'. ¦,-""
Later he added! that .Kohn ;had .been , a
patient of his/ about a' year ; ago,' when he
was on a visit" to this city; and 'that- he
was a* very sick man- at that time. .When
Kohn again 'arrived here thia .-week- Dr."
Gedge .was S again* called^ to ' see v him. : , Dr.'
Gedge stated ¦ that j Kohn was • in , f a » weak
state from -tuberculosis ;and others com
plaints,: and: he had him removed tathe
Adler Hospital for treatment/. . V.Vo.C;
When asked .whether; Mrs. < Kohn was
with, her .•husband, at the: sanatorium, the
doctor/ stated that 1*'he -'hadionly : to'do
with medical attendance upon . Kohn ! hlm
eeif.^,;; ..,¦":.- '''. : ::-.:-.'-; ; ¦;¦ ¦ r v :. ;
When seen at ' hfs residence last night
Dr. Gedge at first refused- to speak;, on
the' subject, but; Ibelng 'to , make
a statement,~eaid ; curtly .: that , Kohn . had
died of natural Causes and that that was
The reticence displayed by, Dr. D. \ M.
Gedge, the attending physician, as well as
by those ' connected ; with the Adler"< Sana
torium, v where Kohn died, in ; givlng;in-.
formation' concerning the. circumstances
surrounding * the death is yet ,• to - bo . ex
plained/ Up to 4 o'clock yesterday, af ter
nooh" none. , of the • parties' iii \ question
would either deny affirm .that ';. Kohn
had died,-although h^ had passed away In
the ' early, morning. V [.i3%?S%5$£?i
A dispatch received from Chicago late
laBt night confirmed the story that Kohn'a
marriage is not known there! ' The young
man was widely known in Chicago,
where his father, Henry A. Kohn, was a
pioneer . in the clothing manufacturing
business. Young Kohn was a native of
Chicago and was identified with a number
of enterprises In that city, ibelng at the
time of. his death secretary and, treasurer
of the Theodore Ascher Company.^ He vis
ited San Francisco about a year ago and
at that time claimed that his- health. was
'not' good.- , " ' « •¦¦ • •• *¦ .-';'.
• The residence :. of the Kohn family J in
Chicago is at< 2240 vCalumet, avenue,' from
which place the funeral v will . be" ; held" as
soon as the remains reach that city. .^'
I young Kohn j died with' a relative cloae
at hand. Living at the Palace a few doors
fronvKohn's apartments is Sol Kaiser, a
commercial drummer, and a cousin of. the
dead. maxi. *He, however, did not learn
until. a late hour, last night that Kohn
was- dead, and when seen said that he had
no knowledge of Kohn's illness or of his
marriage. .' * : :
Replying to an. Insinuation that had
gone abroad to the effect that she, was
carrying 'Past-a roll of currency that was
In ;her husband's clothes when he died,
the , wife, said:' ; "¦' -' :¦¦',.¦¦ , /
"This morning I took what little gold he
had in his pocketbook, just enough to buy
me a ticket to Chicago andypay: my ex T
penses en route and for-'a,' few days after
I arrive there"— and'- in"; confirmation .'of
her- statement. Mrs.- Kohn ¦ opened-- '.her
purse and revealed several' pleces : of gold.
Continuing, she said: , T";
"The bulk of. the money; ' my husband
brought with him was" .in drafts, which
are still in his pocketbobk."
Dressed in a neatly fitting black gown,
over which she wore* a tan-colored auto
mobile coat and wearing a, low. hat , that
was a model of millinery taste, Mrs. -Kohn
presented an attractive ; appearance and
carried herself with the manners' of "a
woman who hfld received the benefits; of
culture. ; ,v ¦.
WOMAN'S STORY CONFIRMED.:
It is probably better that I should tell the
truth and offer you every facility for clearing
up any mystery that may be hovering over thl«
Fad affair. As a girl I was Edith Webb and
my home is in Kentucky, where my mother
arid two sisters now live. I must refuse to give
the name of the town, for I don't want them
to hear of this matter until I have been able
to communicate with them and relieve them of
the anxiety that will naturally follow the news
of my misfortune in thia city. As to my mar
riage with Abe Kohn and . my residence in
Chicago the facts- as I have recited them to you
can be easily confirmed by telegraphing to
I^ke Beulah or -to Chicago. * .
Before leaving the "sanatorium Mrs.
Kohn said that Dr. Gedge admonished
her not to hold conversation with any one,
particularly with newspaper reporters.
She tried to secrete herself during the
day, but finally yielded to the questions
put to her by The Call interviewer, re
marking, as the tears continued to course
down her checks, that it was hard fora
young and friendless woman to maintain
silence, In her moments of sadness.
"There is no longer any reason why I
should conceal the fact of .our mar
riage," said she. "The time has
come when I must appear as his-wife in
the eyes of the world. I will call on his
relatives &a soon as I reach Chicago, and
I am certain they will welcome me." ' ?
! "When pressed with- questions as to, her
past and " oarticularly as^ to her family
connections the young woman's replies
were at first evasive, but she finally re
marked: ¦ • .
Under the Influence of " the" drug my. husband
soon v fell asleep, and, -fatigued by. my long
hours of anxiety over his condition, I' was also
soon slumbering. About 12:30 o'clock that night.
I awoke, and for a time remained with - my
eyes resting upon my husband, who s&emlngly
was sleeping peacefully by my Bide. 7, Of: si
sudden It occurred to ma that he vwas '.-rtot
breathing, and, hurriedly placing my : 'hand
upon his. forehead, the awful realization came
to me that he was- dead. For several moments
I was as if paralyzed. . Then, jumping -out'lof*
bed, I turned up the light and, glancing at his
fixed-eyes, which- were partly opened,; * I -knew
that all was over.' 'My cries for > help; brought
the nurses and twae finally taken. Into another
room whlltt-the Jast duties over the dead, were
performed by the ¦ attendants. . . . r ¦¦ « .., '
Why there should have beenso much spcrecyr
about, my husband's death I cannott explain;
unless -it was the desire of his relatives to'
avoid the -notoriety that might follow. •', Wh'eri
the day had advanced and a response, had been;
received to the telegram sent- to Mrs. Strauss-
In Chicago," directing that my husband's re
mains be Immediately shipped to. thatt city;. Dr.
Gedge came to me and said that the best thing
for me to do would be to leave for Chicago ort
the evening train, he explaining that, the body:
was about to be turned over to an undertaker
and that I would not be able to seejmy hus
band's face again until the funerali in " that
city. - I was alone In a strange city and;readlly
yielded to the advice. Later, however; I en
gaged a room at the California Hotel' with thq
idea of remaining in the city until my husr
hand's body started on Its journey to Chicago.'
Dr. Gedge insisted that I should follow his
original instructions. . and here I am. broken
hearted about to leave behind the body of the
only man that I loved. To many I may appear
heartless In making this *tep. but while on the
way to the ferry I thought that If I were bat*
In Chicago, where all my friends are, and
where I can personally communicate with my
husband's relatives. I would be better off than
here with strangers.
As her narrative neared the , fatal ' mo
ment of her husband's life., the young
wife's long-restrained '.tears 'filled her eyes
and her sobbing increased until' It could
be heard all over the waiting-room.
Finally regaining her composure, she'con
tinued: . ' ¦ ' .¦
FOUND HUSBAND DEAD.
When , we had become settled In a private
ward In the sanatorium yesterday Dr. Gedge
closely examined my husband, and, while de
ploring: his condition, promised to cure him of
his taste for the drug and restore his health In
a few weeks. Dr. Gedge was to have- begun his
treatment Thursday afternoon, but r my hus
band was then in a terribly nervous State from
the deprivation of the drug and beg-geC to be
allowed to administer to himself another 'dose
In order to quiet his nerves. t>r. Gedge agreed
to give him his way for another day. remind
ing Abe. however, that on the following morn
ing (Friday) he would have, to accept all con-'
di tlcns Imposed on him by, the attendants of
the hospital. With this understanding my hua.
band took his potion, and a little later in. the
evening he and I retired for the night..
to my mind. ' Finally my hus
band began to trow emaciated, and as his
health failed we arrived at the conclusion that
the best move would be for him to take a trip
to the West. He promised me that when he
reached thia city he would consult a physician
regarding treatment, and I held him to his
word. , ¦ , . ¦•-•¦¦
New York Stockholder Leads
u Attack Upon Firm*s
Insolvency.
The Russian Minister, Baron, de "Rosen,
at Tokio, answered that Russia will be
unable to make definite promises pend
ing ihe negotiations and .requested . ex
planations regarding the protest.. Japan
still, according to the, Novykrai, explain
ed and demanded a Anal answer regarding
Russia's intentions within three weeks,
after which serious measures could be
expected. " Subsequently Marquis Ito's
moderate counsels prevailed. The Novy
krai concludes with saying:
"Japan, however, decided to continue
her war preparations."
Regarding the reported movements of.
the Russian fleet, the Foreign Office In
formed the Associated Press that a fleet
is expected shortly at Port' Arthur from
Vladivostok and it is possible that the
fleet Is In the vicinity of -the Japanese
fleet, since it is necessary to pass through
the Straits of Korea, but no importance
Can be attached to.tHe momentary where
abouts of the Russian fleet.
Touching on the general situation the
Foreign Office declared that the present
moment was not regarded as critical. Ne
gotiations were proceeding and had been
proceeding intermittently for three years.
¦war party. The Novykrai adds that the
Japanese Government telegraphed to St.
Petersburg August 25 protecting: against
the further military occupation of Man
churia.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
. - ¦ -I " i~m 'i
Rival Classes Smash
Things in a Kansas
College.
Porter Brothers' Treas
urer on Witness
ot&nd.
Advices From Corn Crop
]¦¦} Are or Decidedly '/*,;
Better Tone. .
Final Word on Manchuria Evacuation Re
ported to Have Been Forwarded to the
Russians and the Conflict Is Imminent
WEEK'S BUSINESS
OF FAIR VOLUME
GIRL STUDENTS
HAVE A BATTLE
GOES FROM HOTEL
TO DIE IN LOCAL
SANATORIUM
ULTIMATUM OF JAPAN
WILL PRECIPITATE WAR
CAUSE OF CRASH
AIRED IN COURT
SHAW GIVES
CONSENT TO
RESIGNATION
THE SAN/iKBANCISCO CALL, SATURpAT^KOCTpBER 10, 1903;
, •"¦ 'Although on the certificate, of.death'tu
¦f berculosls was given - as -the cause;, death
was ; probably ' superinduced ; by^;drugs; v 'V •> '
, . WASHINGTON, : Oct. 9.— The ; Postofflce
Department to-day announced: : Postmas.
tery "commissioned : . Oregon— Gappart D.
Ebner, McKee.' Jv •"'"•;'. ¦:"-•.: --£'.'» V~ :; '¦.'•;• -..
> Army orders, announce: j.CJaptajn rDavid
S.- Stanley; -tiuartermaster; , Isrordered ff om
: the Department of California' to \ Chicago;
; Major <; James •' B.- Houston,' .paymaster,
;f rdnv San Francisco to Washington, : D.\C.
had charge of the case and we 1 ref er. : you
to' him." ¦ '\ ~h&&&&SB&StSBEXtttBBBBBSKla&t
Of- Interest to^the Pacific' CoasC:*
HOME ; OP CONSTABLE
DYNAMITE
Mis sburi [ Peace' Officer \ Is 'Victim "! of
Enmity of the Lawless r
,.;, ; %-'*>>:?;/* ¦ V Element. :" '"--'
'JOPLIN, Mo.. OcUS.— The home of Fos
ter" McConnell,* a^ : Co_nstable. near here,
was Vwrecked by :iflynamite early ; to-day;
McCcTrmeH's^two little^chlldreii* were hurt, 3
but 'the i; other, members of the;farnlly.were
not 1 ! injured. * McCohnell * had ; ; earned '¦; the
enmity, of >the .lawless element, bylmaklng
several j arrests. [', Sam Mause has been ' ar
reatedfo'rT suspicion. ; ;\ .,>*:; ¦";• r," ¦<:
Earthquake in Missouri.
2
ADVEBTISEilEUTTS.
THE
ADVEETISEMENTS.
; -To;Cufe iiVColdjin OnejDay ;'._'
!Tak«r*Laxat(ve*"Bromd 'Quinine^ Tablet*. 1 All
clruKKists refund the money If. it falls ' to cure.
£. ' yf,~- Grove's signature is oa eacti : box. £0s. *
I THE OLD RELIABLE I
fl Is old in name, but at the same time II
E represents the best there is* in piano t
B progress^ ' iJ- i
w : It meets every test its limita- I
i tions are greater than those of the I
I highest artistic requirements. |
B? "Doh't faiLto^inquire for our liberal j
1 terms on the Steck Piano. The best
I is by far the cheapest. , . ( J
i 931-933 Market Street, San Francisco I
Hjk ; : Other Stores: Oakland, ''.San Jose and Sacramento. f\
' ROOS BROS.
Offer a Special Line of
$io SUITS and OVERCOATS
for BOYS and BOOTHS
C We have some clothes here for the young ;
man (14 to 19 years) who wishes to spend
§10.00 on his suit or overcoat. Extra good
values in : : . . . .: : : : :
Solid colors — Blue and Black-— Mixed goods
OVERCOATS
Plain Oxfords and Blacks; also Fancy Mix-
tures in the "GOLLEGE LONG COAT"-^-.
belted backs.
K E ARN Y AT POST
t '¦¦¦m^rrTTMmmTiiwnMMiMMMMrfiMMirfiTiiiiMii i minium if* 1Three cases were brought to the atten
tion of the Coroner yesterday*. The first
was that of Joseph "Williams, who died
at the Marine Hospital a few days ago.
Williams had been injured In a fight, but
recovered from his hurts. He died jot
paralyris. The matter has been turned
over to the police for investigation.
In the case of Tom Kim Yung, the sec
retary o* the Chinese Consul General, a
verdict of suicide was brought in. Pa
trolmen Kramer and Brodt gave their
testimony and the Jury brought in a ver
dict from their investigation.
The Jury censured the Southern Pa
cific Company for the death of Antonio
Rossi, who was killed several weeks ago
while driving a team across the railroad
crossing at Mission and Twenty-ninth
streets. A verdict of accidental death .was
rendered In this case. . .
Verdicts of Accident and Suicide Are
Rendered and Police Asked to
Investigate a Death.
THREE CASES COME UP
BEFORE COBOITEB,'S JTJBY
SHOBTBIDGE WlXIi SPEAK.
Samuel M. Shortridpe. who is one of the
most eloquent and polished of orators,
vill addifFs the audience to-night. Jud
Politicians who profess familiarity with
Insid4 affairs of the present municipal ad
'ministration estimate that Ruefs graft
on the city amounts to 570.OM a year.
Vnion labor men who \oted for Schmitz
two y^ars ago are now supporting the
randidary of Henry J. Crocker and give
fis their reason for such support that
fiebmitz Is not free to act for himself or
the city — that he is compelled by the en
vironment of politics to «io Ruefs bidding.
The following remark was made yester
day by a well known politician: "The
people cannot be fooled again by Ruef
end Schmitz. 'i hey know that the Mayor
cannot afford to spend tSu.UOO to display
election signs and banners all over this
town."
Able speakers other than Henry J.
Crocker, the Republican nominee, and
George A. Knight, the presiding- officer,
¦will address the Republican ratification
meeting- to-night. Som** of the candlaates
who are ll*ted to zpeak have a right to
express their sentiments with refreshing
frankness. The Democratic sponsor of a
McNab ticket that contains the names ot
Earn Braunhart and Oncar Hocks has ven
tured to assail several of the Republican
candidates. A ;age from the history of
The California Legislature will explain the
motive for a violent attack on one of the
Republir.m candidates:.
BUEF'S BIG GBAFT.
The professional politicians of the jew-
Fmlth type have had sway at the City
Hall for many years. It is common
¦knoTrl^dgv that nothing has been done by
ttw tax-eating- fraternity for the better
ment of the city. Disputes over the divi-
Flon of official plunder and the distribu
tion of the spoils Apolitics are constant
ly occurring. It Is common remark that
the st^ets are unswept. that the sewers
are chdked with debris and that needed
repairs to public thoroughfares are ne
plected. Whpn our versatile Mayor Is not
in town hobnobbing with Ruef and admir
ing the pranks of Parr.v, and the colt, he
is out of the State electioneering tn be
half of Democratic candidates for Con-
Krees In the city of New York.
HENHY J. CROCKER, Repub
lican candidate for Mayor,
will speak In frank and man
ly style to his fellow citizens
of San Francisco at the AJ
hambra, corner of Eddy and
Jones streets, this evening-. In a sense
Mr. Crocker Is more than a party noml
ree in this campaign. He is the candi
date of the people— the representative of
workingrTien. business men and the vast
legion of taxpayers who supply the
money to defray the expenses of local
government. Delegates to the Republican
convention, perceiving that there was a
v.-idespread request for a good business
•man to manage municipal affairs, gave
Mr. Crocker the nomination for Mayor.
The comment Is everywhere heard that
Mr. Crocker Is not a professional office
seeker. He is not out for a political Job,
but he stands ready, to give to his fellow
men of the metropolis the benefit of his
business training and ability In the man
epement of city affairs.
There are two parties that are well recog
nized—the Republican and the Democratic par
ties. Other parties have ccme along, but only
have lasted a short time. Tou can look back
Into history and you will find that the Republi
can and Democratic parties have existed before
most of us were born. Now I want to bring
that down to this point. The labor party Is a
party that has been thinking. A great manr
of the laboring men have come to the conclu
sion that it Is not wise to go into politics and
establish th«ir cwn party ideas before a com
munity and a great many have shown that
from time to time, until now they believe that
one of us must be elects. I believe the com
munity Is ruing to adopt the Republican Idea.
I believe that those people I have mentioned
are going to vote the Republican ticket this
year because thry have done *o In national poll,
ties and they will do It on November 3. Gen
tlemen. I thank you. (Great applause.)
There were more cheers for Mr. Crcck
er. and when the meeting adjourned he
personally met the members of his old
Club.
ABE BUT TWO PABTIES.
Now San Francslco U In that position to
day. She purpose, as was 6hown by the In
terest taken in the late bond election, by the
Interest taken in the Geary-street election, to
take a hand In the future of her own great
ness. The people of this city are going to
establish a regime In which I claim some meas
ure of Interest. The Republican standard
bearer will be followed by other candidates ot
the Eame class that he represents. It Is for
you voters to say whether a man who has
given his time and attention for years to the
facts and figures that confront him should be
The "question Is. how are the facts and fig
ures of the bond issue to be handled?. I made
a remark the other night that, after the litiga
tion over these bonds, the money would be
ready to be epent. I take it It Is a wise pre
caution and Is generally adopted that when any
large bond issue takes place there Is some
'.ittle friendly litigation to determine the validl
tv of the bonds. Then they are signed by the
corporation and then they are issued. What
Kan Francisco wants to do Is to have those
bonds properly Issued acd properly signed.
They should be a credit to San Francisco be
fore* the whole world, because a good bond of
a municipality will be found throughout the
world'. People »re seeking this kind of an In
vestment. We therefore want to give the best
title to these bonds. I say I am proud to rep
resent the class that will give good indorse
ment to the bonds. The people of the United
States want to have a good line of men to rep.
r»*ent them from now on. That Is established
and It will be further established at the next
election.
CITY IS AWAKENING.
A business man may go and look around for
a favorable location for business and he will
apply fcr the rent of the building. When the
l«?ase is presented, made out for a matter of
three or four years, he rays to the owner: "I
would like to have the privilege of ten or
twelve ye*r» more of that lease." He figure*
that his business Is going to be successful and
he propones to continue at the same old stand.
This is a Republican city. There it no
doubt about it. The officers on the ticket well
represent the Republican rankp. The Republi
can candidate for Mayor has no smaJl chance
to go into office. I don't think there Is a
chance on earth for my defeat If I can hold
the Republican vote of this city, and I think
I will, and I think that not only will the Re
publican candidate tor Mayor be elected, but
the entire Republican ticket will be successful.
(Applause.) We have had before us evidences
that San Krancisco is going to do something In
the tray of having nood representative men to
take charge of city affaire. This little cam
paign, which is of to much moment to me.
perhapa, and probably of greater moment to
you taxpayers who are Interested In the wel
fare of the community. Is merely an Incident
compared to the propositions that confront us.
A BEPUBLICAHT CITY.
The Bear Club gave Henry J. Crocker,
standard bearer of the Republican party,
and other candidates who appeared before
It last night, rousing receptions. TTie
members made the halis of B'nai B'rlth
Hall resound with their shouts for the
head of the ticket. Oscar Tolle presided
at the meeting. The hall was crowded
and many of those present had to stand
In the hallway in order to listen to the
speakers. Mr. Crocker was sseorted to
the meeting place by Albert Castle and
Milton Esberg. two of his energetic work
ers. Before his arrival speeches were
made by General Salomon. "Ted" Lun
fctedt, John McDougald. Coionel Robert
Wieneke. Judge Van Nostrand, Thomas
Westoby and John Greif. The last named
delivered an earnest talk. He told the
members that If he were elected County
Ckrk they would have no cause to regret
it. He said he was familiar with the
workings of the office and promised a
good administration. Mr. Crocker .spoke
in part as follows:
Mr. Chairman and Fellow Members: It is
like sitting down and talking to ones friend*
to aipear before you to-night. 1 don't be
lieve 1 have been In an organization for th»
la-«t fifteen y*-ar« where I have se««n so many
familiar faces as I see here to-night. I rt?
member the old Bear Club. I think It was af
far back as 1SS5. And It used to be a. great
question, ?¦specially la the Blaine campaign,
whether the old Dlrifo flub or the Bear Club
yllod the loudest, and it was a pretty even
proposition. Sometimes we had lots of vic
tories to shout for and sometimes we had to
take the "middle of the street and nee the oth»r
crQwd yell. But there Is going to be one event
wjiere the Bear Club Is ruing to yell Itself
hoarse, and that Is on November ?,. (Applause.)
I don't think I am premature in my guess, be
cause there Is not a member of the Bear Club
who hat not bc-?n able to so around and aej
where the signs are pointing.
the Bear- Club.
DISCUSSES BOND ISSUE.
Crocker Delivers Strong: Talk Before
C. Brusle. Marc Anthony and E. D. Peix
otto are among the announced speakers.
It Is obvious to spectators of the pres
ent contest that the race Is between
Crocker and Schmlz. Lane talks of noth
ing but himself, and the subject Is no
longer interesting to the voters. If Mc-
Xab does not put a time lock on the Lane
jaw other candidates will get off the Dem
ocratic ticket. Henry Crocker Is gaining
strength on account of his manliness. He
does not feel called upon to mount a ped
estal, thump himself on the chest and pro
claim: "Look Into my eye; I am no
coward." That Is Lane's style of cam
paigning, and to some people It is funnier
than Billy Hynes' laughing song. Mr.
Crocker has a wide and favorable ac
quaintance in San Francisco. He is
known as a progressive, public spirited
man of force and energy. His election by
a large majority Is already predicted.
Henry J. Crocker Discusses Campaign Issues
and Is Applauded by Members of
the Bear Club.
REPUBLICANS TO RATIFY
TICKET AT BIG MEETING
EXAMINER GIVES SUPPORT TO BYINGTON
AFTER ACCUSING HIM OF INEFFICIENCY
GREEK REPUBLICAN CLUB
CHEERS THE NEXT MAYOR
The Party's Standard-Bearer Is Given a Most
Enthusiastic Reception by Voters of
Latin Quarter.
American and our Greek residents. (Applause.)
Now, I won't take up more of your time.
I know you are interested In what I say. I
can see the Intelligence that greets me and I
appeal, gentlemen, now to that intelligence, to
consider what is about to happen to this city
on November 3. I appeal to you to put that
man Into office who will do you the most Jus
tice. (Applause.) That Is not * personal plea
for myself, because you have the free thought
to consider who Is the best candidate, and I
know when you go to the polls — you and your
friends — you are going to take a look at me,
you are going to take a look at your surround
ings, and you are going to think of the candi
date who cares nothing for politics, raws noth*
Ins for what he can make out of It. but who
cares, as I do. for the b#st party and for
the man who gives his best for the interests
of San Francisco. My name has been seen
among workem. I now appear before you as
one of the leading candidates. Gentlemen, I
know what the Greek population Is going to do
on November 3. (Great applause.)
"When Mr. Crocker concluded there was
more cheering. Speeches were made by
Congressman Julius Kahn In behalf of
the ticket and by John J. Greif, candi
date for County Clerk, and others.
Organize District Club.
Voters of the Thirty-fourth Assembly
District met at 2643 Market street last
night and organized the Crocker-Nyland
Club. The following officers were chosen:
President. Albert V. Craw: secretary and
treasurer, George F. Albert!; vice presi
dents, J. H. Belser, J. Barber. "William
Gleason and F. V. Myers. The campaign
committee consists of the following mem
bers: Thomas "Wilson, James Berry,
Charles Adams, John Young. R. Reed. W.
C. Spiegel, A. "Worrell. Joe Tulte, A. Mer
rill, James McDonald. Charles Pierce.
Fred Scholede, George Hughes, Ed Short,
W. K. Igth and A. Groth.
MAYOR MAKES SHOHT TALKi
Union Labor Meeting Forced to wait
Long for Schmitz.
Between 200 and 40") men gathered fn
the dining-room of the Central Hotel on
Third street last night and sweltered
through two and a half hours of waiting
in the stifling x and smoke laden atmos
phere to hear a few words from Mayor
Schmitz. He came at last and was greet
ed enthusiastically. Rousing cheers were
given repeatedly for him and when ho
finally stepped to the platform he was
compelled to wait several seconds while
his supporters vented their jubilations.
The late hour caused the principal
speaker to abridge his remarks to a nve
mlnute talk, In the course of which he
said that he had made a tour of the mer
cantile district during the day and what
he heard there was enough to discourage
him. He plucked hope, however, from
the warm greeting extended him by the
meeting. He said that Lane was making
his campaign In bad faith and was pur
posely endeavoring to draw unto himself
votes from the worklngmen without hope
of being elected Mayor, but simply to de
tract from the strength of the Union La
bor candidate.
Nearly everv candidate of the Union
Labor ticket was given a chance to show
himself and all made brief remarks. Har
ry Knox and J. C. Williams, candidates
respectively for Supervisor and Recorder,
made more extended efforts, as did Dr.
Dillon, candidate for Coroner. The sup
ply of candidates ran out long before the
Mayor arrived, so "Walter Gallagher was
called to entertain the crowd during the
wait. He succeeded In holding most of
them with a fierce arraignment of every
thing past, present and future that did
not bear a union label.
HENRT J. CROCKER'S recep
tion at the hands of the
Greek-American Republican
Club last night must have
filled his heart with gladness.
| They cheered him loyally and
throughout his address they applauded
him. He had been addressing the mem
bers of the Bear Club on the floor be
low and was Invited by the members of
the Greek Club to come upstairs and
speak before their organization. Noth
ing loth, Mr. Crocker mounted the stairs
and entered while an election of officers
was in progress. Those who recognized
the Republican standard bearer cheered
lustily for him. In his speech to the
Greeks Mr. Crocker said In part:
Gentlemen. I don't think a club in its or
ganization should be Interrupted. 1 want t«
epClogize for my being here, but olrcumstances
over which I had no control brought me here
and I am srlad that I am here. I was down
stairs and W3.4 asked If I would not spt-ak a
few words to this organization, and I said I
would be only too glad to do so.
I have not much to say, because I am cot a
public speaker. I can only aay what comes
from the heart. I did not know I was to ad
dress ycu and therefore I can only talk what
you would all like to hear, and that U to give
you a good sound Republican talk.
Gentlemen, 1 have been honored with th«
ereatent honor that can be conferred by you
people, because you are a part and parcel of
the voters of San Francisco and your voices
and your votes will have sreat weight in de
ciding the future of San Francisco.
San Francisco, gentlemen. Is the greatest
cosmopolitan city on this continent. San Fran
cisco has welcomed to her shores you and your
fathers before you. She has Invited people
from all parts of the world to be her dwellers.
And San Francisco has allowed them home
things that some countries don't allow tuem.
It has allowed them freedom of speech, fre-dom
of thought and freedom of the press. The re
sult Is what I see before me to-night. Tou
have banded yourselves together for your own
mutual benefit, for the benefit of your
and for the benefit of your own Ideas. But you
have gone further, you have organized your
selves together to discuss that which is of
great Interest to yourselves as dwellers In
our mld«t and of great Interest to the future of
this city. We have our quarters. We have the
French, the Italian and the Greek nations and
we know that these people who have left tLelr
sunny homes and have come to dwell among our
people have come because they are the most pro
gressive people of their nativity. They have
come here because of what we can do for them
and for what they can do for themselves. (Ap
plause.) They are among the best people tn
our community, and I refer particularly to this
assemblage, because you are the best savers
and because you use this money -to bring your
friends to our beautiful city. I know what you
are going to say when you send your Invita
tions back to the mother country. You are go-
Ing to say to your friends that we are going
to have a new city out here, new streets, new
sewers, new schoolhouses where we are going
to rive our children lessons In the American
tongue — they will learn their own tongue at
home — and every school Is free alike to the
is an adept in throwing "back somer
saults" and that it can "dance on two
slack wires" at the behest of Gavin Mc-
Nab, the "avowed enemy of labor."
Lant year It refnned to snpport
Franklin K. Lane for Governor and
ignored him because he wan "the
personal choice of Gavin McXab, the
avowed enemy of labor." Xow, the
Examiner in Riving: hearty Indorse
ment to Lnne'a candidacy. well
knowing; that McXab Is behind
Lane.
Lant year the Examiner advlned
the workinsmen and the I'nlon La
bor party to vote aa-ainnt Lane, the
choice of McXab, the "enemy of
labor."
>ow the Examiner In beneechlna*
workinmrmen and the Union Labor,
party to -vote for Lane, whom It
known in the "personal choice of
Gavin McNab."
In 10O1 the Hxamtner grilled Dl*
trict Attorney Byinjrton and ae
cuned him of being; a party to a plan
to eommit a felony and declared
that he wan derelict In hi* duty and
had committed many blander* In his
official capacity.
Xow the Examiner nay* that Dis
trict Attorney Bylnjcton han "proved
himaelf worthy of trunt" and that
"he han earned a re-election."
Hip! Hip! Hurrah! the Examiner circus
has arrived!
Plan Kindergarten Entertainment.
An entertainment for the benefit of the
Buford Kindergarten will be given at
Masonic Hall, South San Francisco, on
October 16. All the teachers and many
of the pupils of the school during the last
twelve years will be present and will con
tribute to the programme.
The Examiner is a whole circus in itself.
It combines the feats of "carrying water
on both shoulders," "dancing on two slack
wires" at the same time, executing a buck
and wing to the music of Gavin McNab,
"the avowed enemy of labor," and, like
the bedecked clown, gives advice that It
knows Is only a huge joke.
The programme of a circus is to amuse
and create laughter; there Is nothing in
it. Barnum, the "prince of humbugs,"
was the most successful circus 'manager
of the age and he said that the "people
like to be fooled." The Examiner is en
gaged in the same kind of work. It Is
trying to "fool the people."
It. does not require any amount of an
alysis to prove that the Examiner is In
the circus business. One has but to read
its editorials' of the present time and then
look over the flies of the Examiner of
the past few years. Its exhibition of
"back tumbling" is the most marvelous
and thrilling ever known In "circus his
tory."
INCONSISTENT ATTITUDE.
As Inconsistent as are the present edi
torials of the Examiner and its political
policy, so are its attacks on certain of
the Republican candidates. The Ex
aminer is an adept in the art of "mud
slinging" and It has not lost Its cunning.
Let the people of San Francisco judge
for themselves as to the sincerity of the
Examiner in Its support of the Demo
cratic nominees for election and its at
tacks on certain Republican candidates.
In a full-page editorial yesterday, en
titled "A Ticket Deserving of Public
Confidence," the Examiner said:
"The Democratic ticket la headed
by Franklin K. Lane an It* candi
date for Mayor. • • • Mr. Lane
la nominated at a time when the
city need* n trained official at its
head. A conspiracy in on foot to
tarn the city over to the corpora
tions and the politician* to be rob
bed. The corporation* want frail
chlaen. The politician* want the
plunder that can be pot by aelllnir
-franchlaea and collecting- toll from
vice and crime. To prevent this plot
from belnK carried ont the city
need* In the Mayor'* chair a man
who ban had Ions political expe
rience and known the powera of hia
office. Mr. Lane la that man, and
the people of San Frandnco are for
tunate that they have the chance to
get him."
REFUSED LANE SUPPORT.
Contrast this utterance with one made
by the Examiner on September 3, 1902,
when Lane was /seeking the nomination
for Governor on tlie Democratic ticket:
"Mr. Lane has been for months
and Is now the personal candidate
of Gnvln McXab. McNab 1* the
avowed enemy of labor unions. The
KzamLner in the friend of organ
ised labor and therefore will not.
•npport .Mr. Franklin K. Lame If he
ia nominated."
It will, be noticed that the Examiner,
referring to Mr. Lane in yesterday's
editorial, says of him: "The people of
San Franlcsco are fortunate that they
have the chance to get him."
Now the Examiner well knows that
Lane Is the nominee of Gavin McNab,
the Democratic boss. McNab nominated
Lane for Governor last year, and also
selected him as the standard bearer : of
his party for Mayor in the coming elec
tion.
Gavin McNab is "the avowed enemy of
labor," according to the Examiner.- The
Examiner on September 2 of last year
said:
"The continuance of the McNab
THE Examiner's present political
attitude Is far more amusing
than anything that was to be
found In the ranks of the clrcu3
that recently visited San Fran
cisco.
Compare the statement of the Examiner
of yesterday that' District Attorney By
ington had "proved himself worthy of
trust" and that "he has earned a re-elec
tion" to what the Examiner said of By
lngton In an editorial on February 23,
1901. Under the , heading, "Will the Dis-
BYINGTON IS ATTACKED.
"Chief Sullivan confeane* that the
Mayor, himaelf. the Police Cominlv
nioner*. the District Attorney and
three of the Police Jndaren arranged
to licenae crime In Chinatown and
thus commit a felony under the
Penal Code, and .that the ;arrange
ment would have been carried out
if It had not been for the Exam
iner."
Let the Intelligent voters of San Fran
cisco contrast the statement of the Ex
aminer made yesterday on Bylngton to
pome of Its previous views on the District
Attorney. .
When the Examiner was making a
daily attack on the late Chief of Police
Sullivan regarding the existence of gam
bling in Chinatown, this is what the Ex
aminer said on February 6, 1901:
The Examiner has not always claimed
that District Attorney Bylngton "proved
himself worthy of trust" and that "he
has earned a re-election."
As a matter of fact, the Examiner has
time and time again accused Bylngton of
dereliction of duty and even went so far
aa to accuse him of being a party to a
plan to commit a felony.
"The office of District Attorney I*
Important to the people of San
Francisco. Without the District At
torney no criminal can be pro*e
cnted. A blind Dlatrlct Attorney
can permit public Jnatlce to be de
frauded; an energetic and honeat
Dlatrlct Attorney can make the law
a terror to rojarues. Lewi* F. HyinK
ton ha* nerved two term* in hi*
prenent po«ltion, and no icandal has
attached to hi* oilloe. He ha* proved
hlinnelf to be a* worthy of trout In
thin ponltlon aa In that of Super
vlaor. In which he aerved before hia
elevation to hia preaent office. He
ha* earned a re-elctlon."
In Us editorial of yesterday entitled "A
Ticket Deserving of Public Confidence,"
the Examiner said:
LAUDATORY OF BYINGTON.
In urging the worklngmen and the
Union Labor party to vote against Lane
last year because he was the "personal
choice of Gavin McNab, the avowed
enemy of labor," and now beseeching the
same men to vote for Lane, certainly en
titles, the Examiner to the cap and bells
of the jester.
Dismissing for the time being the Ex
aminer's advocacy of I^ane, it will be In
teresting to note the attitude of the Ex
aminer to other Democratic candidates
for election.
Now the Examiner has advised the
"people" on two distinct occasions to do
absolutely contrary things.
Last year the Examiner advised the
labor unions not to support Franklin K.
Lane, as he was the "personal choice of
Gavin McNab, the avowed enemy of or
ganized labor."
A few days ago the Examiner, editori
ally, said of Lane's nomination:
"Where union la ntrenffth it i*
folly to divide." There ahonld be
the name union between the Demo
cratic party and the workinemen
an there la between the Republican
party and the trunta. For thla rea
¦on the Democratic party and the
Union Labor party ahould logically
be behind the name ticket."
ADVICE IS CONTRARY.
recline mennn policemen on the
truck* and (iatlincr Run* in the
ntrectn every time a ntrike i* in
procrean. The Kxnraliier will not
be awerved from it* fidelity to the
people, who truat it nnd In whom it
believe*. It will flxht the men and
the political candidates who are
lined up with Gavin McXnb."
District Attorney, Denounced for Official Misconduct, Is
Declared to Be Worthy of Re-election.
THE EXAMINER'S CIRCUS.
The Examiner has demonstrated that It
"For nnother tnmtnnce, a fevr
month* njro the Dlntrlct Attorney
consented to pnt the prosecution of
the poolsellern In the hand* of a
man who wn» repreaentinir at the
¦•nine time the cnnililem, the Chi
nese nnd the' I'olltte Department.
A* « r»vi«nlt the poolncller* enenped
with nominal fine*, vrhen they
nhonld have been (riven the fall
penalty allowed by lnvr.
"Now, .Mr. Bylnffton, do yon think
thin I* a roo<I record on which to
bo before the peoplef
"It In the old atory of trytns to
carry water on both •honlder*. Yon
cannot do yonr duty an an honeat
official nnd remain friend* with the
politician* nnd the criminal*. Yon
will have to take your choice be
tween them. It I* Incumbent on you
to see that thone who are srullty
of offenaea are brought to trial and
pnntnhed. AVhleh aide will you
Nlnnil with— the lawbreakers or the
people!"
BYINGTON NEEDS PRODDING.
The Examiner claimed yesterday that
District Attorney Bylngton had "proved
himself worthy of trust" and that "he
has earned a re-election." The Examiner
did not think so of Bylngton on February
26. 1901, for on that date the Examiner
grilled Byington in a severe manner.
Under a caption four columns wide,
entitled "District Attorney Bylngton En
gaged, in Passing the Buck." the Exam
iner published a cartoon of the District
Attorney, labeled. "Pausing Between the
People and the Politicians.""
Bylngton was accused by the Examiner
of not doing his duty In prosecuting Chi
nese gamblers, and it repeated its edi
torial of February 23, 1901. .-•»i;.:_
The article accompanying the cartoon
was In the nature of an Interview with
Bylngton'on the editorial of February 23.
and each criticism of Bylngton was ac
companied by his explanation of the
charges. ' ,
The Examiner closed the article by say-
Ing: .
"From all of which It 1m easy to
¦ee that the District Attorney need*
more prodding? before he frill act
with vlsrorous innlatence. A Law
and. Order Leaarue may be nece»«»r>"
1 n i order . to have the lawa and . or
dinance* enforced In the city and
county of San FraneUco."
"The men Indicted for the Inmber
fraud* in the School Department
have been able to po*tpone trial
even longer, nntll It 1* probable
that m out of the evidence asralnnt
them will have dl*appeared by the
time they are brought before a Jury.
They are ntronpj among: the poli
tician*.
"By the effort* of Jtidce Cook, a
jury and the City Hall politician*.
I'eter .McGlade wm acquitted on one
of the chance* of foruery for vrlilch
he tva* Indicted. He ha* not been
brought to trial on any of the other
Indictment*, and a *elf-confeiiaed
forger to-day irnlkn the atreetn of
San FrnnelccK ultli no fear of pan
lnhment, vrhlle the Dintrlct Attor
ney connenta to continuance after
continuance.
"The IPRlnlntlvr committee"* re
port oucrlit to Hhake Otntrict Attor
ney UyliiKton ont of hln rnsy golnK
toleration of crlmlnnln. The com
mittee na.vx: 'VlKorona effort on the
part of the Police Department and
the District Attorney of nalil San
rranrinco wonld qaickly free the
comiuonwealth of the condition* tn
Maid Chinatown now dlnsrracinijr ft.'
"Ulntrlct Attorney Bylnurton ouchl
to feel by thin time that nomrthlde
more la required of a public official
than to keep hi* ovrn hand* clean.
The legislative committee ban
pointed out certain linen of dnty
that .Mr. Hyinnton ha« neglected.
AVe Tronic! Mrenjrthcn Itn report by
addlnar further limtnucem
••Nearly five month* iko a nnmher
of canen of forsrery were bronsht to
ligrht in the poolroom petition. It
Ivan the District Attorney')* daty to
pronecnte nach an offense nsainMt
the pnhllc. Mr. Byinnrton refaned to
brinfc them before the Grand Jury
trict Attorney Move Now?" the Examiner
said:
PHOTOGRAPHIC REPRODUCTION OF A CARTOON THAT WAS PUBLISHED IX THE EXAMINER ON FEBRU
ARY 26. 1901, ACCOMPANIED BY AN ARTICLE IN WHICH DISTRICT ATTORNEY BYINGTON' WAS AC
CUSED OF GROSS NEGLIGENCE OF HIS DUTIES AND REFUSING TO PROSECUTE CRIMINALS.
. • ¦ ¦¦:'¦' ••• • •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. OCTOBER 10, 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOS BROS.
Invite Attention to Their
Boys' Special Suits
C AGAIN we call attention to
our favorite "Roos-made"
"THREE-FIFTY" suits for
small boys. No cut price,
but a year-round special. Extraordinary
values.
All-Woo! Serge Sailor Suits— Red, Brown, Navy and Royal
Blues — Soutache braid — Embroidered emblems — Pantssilesia „„
lined throughout; 3'to 10 years, at W>v
Boys' 2-piece Suits— Cheviots, Tweeds, Cassimeres, Navy M _ ft
Blue Serges — Re-enforced seats and knees; 8 to 16 years, at.. 53.3U
<L What "Three-fifty" is to our
Juvenile Suits, so is $5.00 to our Boys'
Overcoats.
Boys' long Oxford Gray Overcoats, made with Velvet collar; * m flft
lined throughout; warm and comfortable; 4 to 15 years, at. . . JO.Uw
Boys' Reefers and Overcoats of Blue, Red and Brown Cheviots;
Velvet collars, Embroidered emblems, double-breasted fronts; ~ m ftfl
2}4 to 7 years, at • • ?3.W
CL Out-of-town orders promptly filled. Send for new .
Style book, "About Clothes." Address Dept. B.
ROQS BROS.
' KEARNY AT POST
.riD VEBTISEMENTS.
'Tortccthi I fc»a cr-it tronkie with my stomach
•na used ».: kinds of medicines. H.J tongne bat
b^*n »na»lir»i £- • - u cratt. my breath harlot;
a bad odor. Twn werk« aeo a friend recommended
.Ca*careti and a?ter csint them I can willingly and
cheerfully *ay that they hare entirely cored me. I
therefore let you kr.ow that I (hall recommend
them tnany one tufff-ring from tnch trouble*."
Cha*. H. Ilalpun, 1CS KiTington St..XewTork.2f.T.
Em tjl Jsf The Bowfl*
candy cathartic _^^^
Pleaaant, Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do Hood.
Kerer Sicken. Weaken or Grip*. 16c. 25c. 58e. Nerer
•old in bulk. Tha genuine tahlet stamped CCC
Qn.araat.eed to cur* or yoar money b*c».
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 59S
AMKUALSA1E.TEK MILLION BOXES
J *BEERS I
jl Thfc Hff h«.t Priced but I
1 the Best Quality. E
I; •iOLDEVEP.VWHERt. |
B HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. I
k! Pacific Cto«rt Agent*. B
Can't Sleep?,
Its' your nerves. Dr. Miles* Nervine
• will strengthen them and bring sweet
sleep and health. Delay is dangerous.
Alt aru&rtsta sell od guarantee. 6eod potty
<ur book on iiervou* rtl«»-tt ea.
D« Man MBDiniCoyGkJiart Iod.
Your grocer tnoneybacks
Schilling's Best ; he is glad to
pay-out the money ; it costs him
nothing ; it isn't his money.STILLWATER, Okla., Oct 9.-Ivory
Rogers; the boy who confessed to the
murder of Mary' Prokash, a 13-year-bld
girl, near here last Week, pleaded guilty
in court and was sentenced to prison for
life.
Boy Given I«if e Sentence.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 9.— The San Jose, Sara
toga ¦ and Los Gatos Electric Railway
Company Is the defendant In an injunc
tion suit brought by the proprietors of
the City Store this afternoon.' The prayer
of the complainants is that the company
be restrained from constructing and ope
rating an electric railway on Market
street in the city of San Jose.
Seeks to Enjoin Electric Railway.
, SAN JOSE, Oct. 9.— Mrs. B. Fay Mills,
wife of the well-known Unitarian clergy
man of Oakland, has been secured to fill
the pulpit of the First Unitarian Church
of this city for the remainder of the year,
vice, Rev. N. A. Haskell, resigned. Her
duties will begin October 18. •
Woman Will Occupy the Pulpit.
VENTURA. Oct. 9. — The body of an un
known man aTxmt 50 years old was found by a
teamster in the Santa Clara River bottom near
Saticoy to-day. A bottle of strychnine waj
found in hia pocket.
NEWCASTLE. Oct. 0. — The old firm of Por
ter Brothers Company has transferred Us green
fruit business, as well us its fruit houses and
equipments in Northern California, to. the Pio
neer Fruit Company, which to-day began the
shipment of green fruits to the East. ¦
SUISUN. Oct. 9.— At & recent meeting of tho
Board of Supervisors a petition signed by sev
eral hundred residents of Benlcla Township
wa» presented, asking the board for assistance
In abating the nuisance caused by the fumes
and gases emanating from the Selby Smelting
Works at Selby. Contra Costa County. „
REDDING, Oct. 0.— On November 2 the
electors of Slraon will vote on the question
of Incorporating the town. The Supervisors
have called a special election for that date.
The sentiment Is about equally divided and It
is doubtful If rurfldent votes will be polled
to carry the matter to a successful conclusion
for the Incorporation enthusiasts.
VALLEJO. Oct. 0.— Fifty-seven men hav«
been transferred from the Independence to the
Solace and are to be taken out to Guam on
the next trip of tho transport to the Philip
pines. .
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 9.— The German
residents of the city have organized a
turn verein and are to establish a mod
ern and up-to-date gymnasium. The of
ficers of the verein are; President, J. C.
Wanner; vice president, C. Osswald; sec
retary, C. Schmidt; treasurer, A. Metz
ler; first instructor, Christian Flack; sec
ond instructor, Emil Meves; librarian, A.
Roedater; trustees, ¦ J. Grauhammer, T.
Schonek and C. Sodawasser.
New Turn Verein Is Organized.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 9.— The Native
Sons' parlors of Marln County have iu
vited the members of the order in Sono
ma County to a grand banquet on Octo
ber 31. The banquet will be. given In hon
or of Santa Rosa Parlor, but other So
noma County parlors are bidden to the
feast. Santa Rosa Parlor gave a banquet
to those of Marin County last year.
Native Sons to Give Banquet.
Theater Party for Athletes.
The Lowell High School athletes and
their friends have had. reservations made
at the Central Theater for 250 seats for
to-night's performance of "My Friend
from India," the comedy in which L. R.
Stockwell Is making a big hit. The Low
ell boys will take part in the field games
on the Berkeley campus and to-night will
attend the play in a body.
Bakersfield Will Invite Settlers.
BAKERSFIELD. Oct. 9.— For ' some
months past the Board of Trade has been
negotiating with property holders for the
opening of a body of rich land south of
this city for colonization purposes. The
first step toward the consummation of
this plan was taken to-day when a peti
tion was filed with the Supervisors to ex
tend Oak street directly through the land
in question. The lands adjacent are to
be subdivided and sold In small tracts
to settlers.
Marriage Licenses. •
OAKLAND, Oct. 9.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued by the County
Clerk to-day: Edward Deveau, 23, and
Ethel Connor/ 23, both of Oakland; Jo
seph M. Bettencourt, 23, and Julia Silva,
18, both- of San Leandro; John Leopard,
23, and Mary Gaines, 17, both of Oakland;
Manuel Flores, 2S, and Anna Frager, 18,
both of Hay wards; Manuel M. Avela, 22,
and Anna M. Dado, IS, both of Emery
ville; Walter' F. ! Fretting, 1 25, "Elmhurst,
and Jessie L. Hllson, 21. Oakland; Uenny
Fink. 28. and Minnie Delinsky, 18, both of
Ean Francisco. \
Drunken Quarrel Ends in Murder.
SEATTLE. Oct. 9.— Charles Hilty, a
Klondike pioneer and former owner of tfie
Bear Creek claims, shot and killed a man
named Massey at Fort Gibbon on Wednes
day last. The men .were drunk and quar
reled in a saloon. There were no eye
witnesses, and Hilty claims self-defense.
He Is In JaiL VY*
Not Boats Enough to ' Move Freight
SEATTLE, Oct. 9.— There Is a great
Ftruggle now on between the Upper and
Lower Yukon freight fleets to move
freight. Manag-er Newell wires that there
will be 2000 tons of freight left at White
Horse because there are not boats
enough to move it before the river freezes
up. Independent boats are reaping a har
vest, as they get about four times the
regular rate for transporting freight. The
rrealest congestion ever known exists on
the lower river.
Will Not. Raise Freight Rates.
PORTLAND, Or,, Oct. 9.— The Northern
Asiatic steamship lines, which decided fo
raise the rate on flour to the Orient to $0,
the rate in force prior to the cut last
June, have reconsidered their determina
tion and the, rate for November at least
will remain at $3 a ton.
OCEAN • STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 0 — Stmr Cymric,
for New York, via Queenstown.
BUENOS AYRES— Arrived Oct 0—StmrRob
ert Adamson, from Seattle and Tacoma, via
Coronel.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Oct 0 — Swed
bark Alfhlld. from Port. Ludlow, for Valpu
ral*o; bktn Skagit. from Port Gamble, for San
Francisco; Ger strar IpIs, for Nanalmo.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 0— Stmr Olympia,
from Yokohama. !
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Oct 0— Ger ship
Alice, for Australia. *•-
DOMESTIC PORTS,
Friday, October 9.
Schr A M Baxter, Isaacson, 12 days from
Everett.
Schr Jennie Wand, Chrlstenson, 9 days from
Grays Harbor.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 9.— Report comes
from Bolinas # a seacoast resort twenty
miles from San Rafael, that the body of
an unknown man was found this morn
ing on the beach near the Dypsea Hotel.
Indications point to a suicide. The man
Is presumed to be a San Franciscan. The
face Is badly decomposed.
Find Drowned Man's Body on Beach.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 9.—
The debating trophy offered by William
R. Hearst, to become the property" of
Stanford University or Berkeley accord-
Ing to which college first wins three in
tercollegiate debates, has arrived on the
campus. It will remain In the posseasion
of Stanford this year as the result of
the victory of the Stanford debaters, H.
M. Lewis, '04: F. Roehr, '04, and O. C.
Spencer, '01. last spring.
Debating Trophy Is Now at Stanford.
GRASS VALLEY, Oct. 9.— It is now so
firmly believed here that Company I will
not be mustered out, despite Colonel Kos
ter's recommendation, that arrangements
are under way to build a new armory at
a cost of $5000. Company I has been in
formed by army officers that it will not
be given new Krags or any Government
property while It remains in its present
quarters. whrMi are very damp and not
suited for drills. Local capitalists have
made an offer to build a suitable armory
and steps have been taken to clinch the
matter.
Company I Will Have a New Armory.
After several weeks of hard practice
the football teams of the Hitchcock-Mili
tary Academy and Mount Tamalpais
Academy will meet this afternoon in their
annual same at the Hitchcock campus,
San Rafael. : The rivalry between the two
schools is as intense as in years past.
The Mount Tamalpais boys have won In
previous years with ease. They will out
weigh the Hitchcock boys about five
pounds to the man and have some clever
trick and mass plays to spring upon their
lighter opponents.
Football at San Rafael.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 9.— As showing
the extent that oil is being used on the
roads of Kern County it developed at the
session of the Supervisors to-day that In
road district No. 4, In which J. T. Bot
toms is Supervisor, 8920 barrels of oil have
been sprinkled on the roads during the
last three months. The cost per barrel
to the county averaged 37% cents, in
cluding freight.
Kern County Roads Are Kept Oiled.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 9.— The semi
finals in the Griscom Invitation golf tour
nament were played to-day on the links
of the Merion Cricket Club here.
Never before in the history of golf have
women been forced to endure such con
ditions as prevailed to-day. A driving
rain fell all day and at no time was there
any sign of a let up. The two big matches
to-day were between Miss Rhoma Adalr,
the British champion, and Miss Bishop
of Brooklyn, and Mrs. C. S. Stout (Gene
vieve Hecker), the 1901-02 American cham
pion, and Mrs. R. H. Barlow of the Mer
ion Club. Miss Adair and Mrs. Stout
each won, and to-morrow will see the
meeting of Great Britain's leading expo
nent and America's best player.
Golf Under Difficulties.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— The Honorable
Artillery Company of London, accompa
nfed by the Ancient and Honorable Ar
tillery company of Boston, arrived here
this afternoon. The visiting organiza
tions were met by General Corbin and
Major Green and escorted to the Arling
ton Hotel by Troop E of the Second Reg
iment of Cavalry and the Mlnutemen of
this city.
London Artillerymen at Washington.
From Los Angeles— J. S. Barton, at the
Marlborough; Mrs. F. Fisher, at the As
tor; G. Mitchell, at the Victoria; E. F.
Plnkham and wife, at the Astor; J.
Ritchie and J. G. Whitaker, af the Cos
mopolitan.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco — C. H. AnderBon, at the Hol
land; W. G. Barrett and wife, at the New
Amsterdam; A. T. Dedrlck, at the Earl
ington; R. K. Johnson, at the Victoria;
R. Tweetman, at the Rossmoije; J. H.
Kampman, R. S. Kampman, Mrs. H. D.
Kampman and Miss E. Kampman, at the
Holland; J. Jaker Jr., at the Herald
Square; E. B. Onzl, at the Manhattan;
H. E. Crosby and wife, at the Hoffman;'
L. Ransohoff, at the Herald Square; A.
S. Spaulding, at the Manhattan.
From San Jose^ — Miss Almeider, at the
New Amsterdam.
Californians in New York.
LEO'BROKEN BY FALL.— Bertha Milton,
employed as a domestic at 820 Turk street,
fell a distance of twenty-four feet through a
light well yesterday. Both bones of the right
leg between the knee and ankle were broken.
The bones were set at the Emergency Hospi
tal by Dr. Harvey.
TELLS OF ABUSE. — Soledad Maldonardo
appealed yesterday to the Society for the Pre
vention or Cruelty to Children for aid In find
ing a home for her child and young brother
and sister, whom she claims have been mal
treated by Flllple Suares. The matter will
be looked Into by the society.
FIRE AT MILLINO PLANT.— A flre broke
out on the upper floor of the Empire Milling
Company's plant at 310 Townsend street early
yesterday morning. Though the fire wu con
fined to the place of its origin, considerable
damage was done to the goods on the lower
floors by water. The loss is estimated at
$10,1100.
DELIVERS LECTURE.— Rev. F. M. Lar
kln, pastor of Grace Methodist Episcopal
Church, gave a lecture on the Yosemite Val
ley last night for the benefit of the Mission
branch of the Y. M. C. A.
FIREMEX DISCIPLINED.— Ae the regular
weekly meeting of the Fire Commissioners
temporary punishment was Inflicted upon sev
eral of the firemen *who were found sruilty of
insubordination, Intoxication and failure to re
port on duty.
IS INJURED BY FALL.— A woman who
gave her name as Fisher, residing at 502 Vi
Ellis street, fell while stepping from a etreet
car at Polk and Hayes streets yesterday. She
sprained her back. Her Injuries were treated
at the Emergency Hospital by Dr. Millar.
LICENSE ISSUED FOR NEW BANK.— The
Board of Bank Commissioners issued a Ilcensa
yesterday for the establishment of a new com
mercial bank at Reedley, Fresno County.
Jesse Janson has been chosen president of the
new bank, which Is to be capitalized at
$25,000.
BRIEF .CITY NEWS.
DECLARED INSANE.— Etta Fiti&lbbons,
who was convicted of assault to murder for
shooting a man named Thomas Gagan, was
committed to the Napa Insane Asylum by
Judge Cook yesterday. \
It Is Expected Britt and Seiger Will |
Agree Upon Him.
Britt nnd Seiger are to meet at Harry i
Corbett's to-night to discus? the question
of a referee for their fight next weok.
It is expected Eddie Graney will be I
agreed upon without discussion.
Seiger, who is a tireless worker, weighs j
1ST pounds at present. He anticipates no !
difficulty in making the required weight J
cf 133 pounds. He spent nearly six hours
on the road at one stretch yesterday, his
Journey taking him down the beach to
Mussel Rock. ¦
As preliminaries to this fight Spider
Welsh and Frank Rafael will box ten
rounds. Sheridan and Schoenllne will go
el;ht rounds.
Al Welnlg, the Buffalo heavyweight,
did not have to wait long for a match, i
He placed himself in the hands of Alex j
Greggrains. who arranged at once for him J
to meet Joe Millctt before the Reliance j
Club. Oakland, on the Zlth inst. As Mi'.- |
lett Is anxious to be tried out this Is a |
better match for him than the one with i
Ruhlin, which fell through.
GRANEY MAY REFEREE.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 9.— The citrus
fruit season for the year 1902-3 may be
said to have ended, as practically all of
the past season's crop has been moved.
The railroad companies' figures show a
total movement approximating 20,500 cars,
not Including 2000 cars shipped out of this
city. Of the 20,500 carloads handled, 10.600
were moved by the Southern Pacific. The
movement of next season's crop will be
gin November 1, and preparations are be
ing made to handle from 30,000 to 35,000
carloads. The Santa Fe some time ago
placed an order for 500 new refrigerator
cars and these are now being built.
Citrus Fruit Season Closes.
OAKLAND, Oct. 9.— A. L. Black, mas
ter of Oakland Lodge, No. 18S, F. and A.
M., has notified the proper Masonic au
thorities at New Britain, Conn., to take
charge of the remains of the late Nathan
W. Spaulding until such time as arrange
ments can be made by the former May
or's relatives to have the body sent to
the family home in Oakland. These de
tails will be attended to as rapidly as
possible. It is expected that the Masonic
organizations with which the dead pioneer
was affiliated will have charge of the
funeral in this city.
MASONS TAKE CHARGE
CF SPAULDING'S REMAINS
The matter was presented yesterday be
fore Judge Coffey and argued by ex-Judge
Dorn, who asked to have the power of the
executor, Guillermo Mack, suspended on
the ground that he had permanently re
moved from the State of California since
his appointment. .
Judg-e Coffey suspended the executor
and ordered a citation issued to Guillermo
•Mack, directing him to show cause why
the whole probate proceedings should not
be dismissed.
A novel legal proposition was presented
before Judge Coffey yesterday. It in
volves the status of a million-dollar es
tate in France, where an executor is only
entitled to hold an estate for one year and
one day. •
William Mack, who died In France in
lf-01, seavlng estates there and In Chile
valued at about $1,000,000, left a will con
taining the statement that he had been
naturalized as an American citizen In San
Francisco in 1851, and that therefore his
estate would have to be administered un
der American laws. His son, Guillermo
Mack, was left executor of the will.
It is cJalmed that Guillermo as executor
wished to hold the estate for a longer pe
riod than the law of France would allow,
and came to San Francisco from Paris
and offered the record and will for pro
bate here, and In order to give the court
jrrjsdictlon alleged that his father was a
resident here at the time of his death. It
is said that Guillermo also claimed to be
a resident of this city. On the testimony
given by Guillermo last April the will
was admitted to probate.
In order to get rid of the effect of the
will here the widow of William Mack,
who is still residing in France and who
is entitled to half the estate under the
will, employed Dorn & Dorn and Savage
of this city, who filed a petition to have
the probate proceedings set aside on the
ground that. William Mack left no estate
within the jurisdiction of the courts of
California and that he was not a resident
here at the time of his death.
Million-Dollar Estate of Absentee
From California for Half Cen
tury in Litigation.
WILL EXECUTED IN FRANCE
CAUSE OF LEGAL BATTLE
Free-for-all pacing to wagon — Dan R de
feated Gretnline in two straight heats. Time,
2:15'/.!. 2:0t*i-
2:19 pace, purse ?1000— Dlrectum Miller won
two straight heats in 2:10, 2:08%. Fantine,
C. O. D., Reaper, Dutch Mowry, Ethel Mac,
Gaiety, Red Bird, Mary Gordon, Go Direct,
Sttne, Charley C, Cotillon and Money Musk
also started.
2:25 trotting:, purse ?100O — Great Spirit won
three straight heats in 2:14, 2:14%. 2:14%.
Laundry Boy, Bermuda Maid, John Caldwell,
Tonga, Grocery Maid, Klrkwood Jr., The Cres
cent, Bessie Kenney, Miss Primlty, Eunice (J
and George H also started.
The Transylvania, 2:12 trotting:, purse $«000
— Caspian won three straight heats in 2:11,
2:09',£. 2:10Vi- Kent, Dillon Boy, Hawthorne,
John Me, George Muscovite and Kinney Lou
also started.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Oct. 9.— Six thou
sand people braved the biting west wind
to-day to see Caspian, an Ohio horse and
second favorite in the betting, win the
fifth Transylvania, a 5600O purse. The
feature of the day outside the Transyl
vania was the new world's record made
by Dan R, for a pacer, a mile to a. wagon.
Dan R went the second heat in 2:04*4.
Summary:
2:13 trotting, purse $1000— Norrie won the
first, third and fourth heats In 2:11%, 2:10Vi.
2-lOVi- Gray Gem won the second heat in
2:10%. Marion Wllkee, -Topsy, Robisola. The
Queftor, Walter Smith, Pug, Guy Fortune,
Tonse and Porto Rico also started.
Dan R, the Pacer, Establishes a New
Record for a Mile to a ¦¦• ;
Wagon.
TRANSYLVANIA STAKE
IS TAKEN BY CASPIAN
REVOLTING STORY CONTINUED
IN LLOYD WILL CONTEST
OAKLAND, Oct. 9.— The shocking story
now being told in the form of depositions
before the court in the matter of the con
test Instituted over the will of the late
Charles R. Lloyd was continued to-day.
The stories of J. B. Frith and J. F. John
sons, Masons, who belonged 4o the same
lodge the Lloyds were members of and
who at the request of Fred Lloyd Inves
tigated the charges made by him of liis
father's misconduct, were read and sim
ply bore out all that preceded.
A number of wills made within the pa3t
few years by Lloyd were also read, show,
ing the changes he made as the various
persons who played parts in tho Lloy-.l
drama rose and fell in his favor.
Several locks from doors of rooms said
to have teen forced by Lloyd were jhown
to the jury.
Cram Service to Be Abandoned.
WOODLAND. Oct. 9.— On Sunday. Octo
ber 11, the local trains running between
Willows and Sacramento will be aban
doned. These trains give better service
and more accommodations to the people
of Yolo, Colusa and Glenn counties than
all others combined and there Is much
complaint because they are to be taken
off.
The swimming races at the Olympic j
Club last night attracted a large attend- \
ance and proved exciting events. The !
50-yard handicap was won by J. Wise, j
Thtre were also two special races. The !
results:
Fifty yard handicap— First heat. C. Fay first.
H. HinV«-l second; second heat. P. Mason first, !
<". L#ldlt second; third heat. J. Ephraim first, \
E. Murphy second; fourth heat, J. Wise first, !
P. Fay second; final heat, J. Wise first, P. Fay j
second.
t^tecial race, 100 yards — Clarence Clough beat J
Walter Young. Time. 1:1.11-5.
Special race. 4*0 yards — S. Herrick. Fred
Sherry and F. Gelinas. Wen by S. Herrick.
dead heat for second. Time. 7::{6 3-5.
The races were in charge of the fol- !
lowing officials: Referee and starter, ,
John J. Gleason: judgos, William Eager. ;
Stanley Fay and M. L. Rosenfeld; tim
f-rs. J. Scott Leary and Kenneth Melrose; I
handicapper. Professor Sid CavIIl.
OLYMPIAN SWIMMERS
IN SPECIAL RACES
Exciting Contests Mark the Weekly
Meeting in the Big Post-Street
Building.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 9.— Sheriff Grace re
turned this evening from Bellevue, hav
ing in custody William Halllo, a sixteen
year-old boy, who is accused of attempt
ing to > wreck a train on the California
Northwestern Railroad. <
As is customary on this *line, a freight
train was sent out ahead of to-day's pas
senger train. When the freight, which
was" proceeding slowly, reached. Bellevue
an obstruction was discovered on the
track. Investigation showed that a piece
of rail five feet long and weighing 100
pounds was tightly wedged In a. switch,
so that any train moving at good speed
would surely have been wrecked. Young
Hallio was arrested on suspicion. At first
he denied all knowledge of the matter,
but when closely questioned said that he
was carrying, the rail across the track
when it dropped and stuck fast In the
switch. •
Claim Is Made That He Tried to
Wreck a California Northwestern
Railroad Train.
YOUNG BOY IS ACCUSED
• OF A SERIOUS CRIME
SAN JOSE, Oct. 9.— George W. Fay of
this city bears the distinction of having
been declared both legally dead and alive
by the courts. Several years ago he was
declared legally dead and his estate was
administered upon. Just when his heirs
were about to enjoy the estate Fay re
appeared and insisted he was still alive.
To-day Judge Lelb of the Superior Court
decided Fav was alive and entitled to
his estate. He was given judgment
against J. A. Co6ta, the administrator
of the estate, for $1500, the full value of
the property.
Fay left San Jose twelve years ago.
He was not heard from and his relatives
finally believed that he was dead. In the
meantime his grandfather, John Ash
worth, had died and left to him an estate
of $1500 in cash. At the end of seven
years Fay was- declared legally dead and
his estate ordered distributed. Letters of
administration were granted to J. , A.
Costa, whose application therefor was in
dorsed by Fay's sister. Mrs. Addle Fow
ler. Mrs. Fowler, who Is a sister of the
supposed dead man, was given her share
of $410. Before the rest of the estate
could be distributed Fay made his ap
pearance.
Fay demanded of Costa his full estate
of $1500, but Costa declined, holding that
in distributing: the estate he simply car
ried out the instructions of the court.
Costa offered to pay Fay the money
remaining In his hands, but the latter
refused. Suit then followed. Costa will
now have to make good the money he
paid Mrs. Fowler. The court held to
day that a live man's estate could not
be" administered upon, although he had
been declared legally dead.
Court Decides That Administrator
Must Make Restitution for Por
tion He Distributed.
SUPPOSED DEAD MAN
GETS BACK HIS ESTATE
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 9.— The citizens of
Ventura have won a victory over the
Southern Pacific, after a long tussle, and
the railroad is -coming around to their
terms. This means that beginning to
morrow the coast line limited, going
either way, will stop in that city. For
two months the merchants of the town
and the Southern Pacific have been at
loggerheads over the question. When the
limited first failed to stop, the business
men met and decided to ship all goods to
San Francisco by water and directed
northern jobbers to send them no mer
chandise by rail. The fight was taken *up
by the Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce In behalf of Ventura, which claims
the railroad has always discriminated
against it. Protests grew so loud that
last week the limited • stopped a . few
times; then the order was. canceled and
the train flew through the town as before.
The Ventura committee prepared to go In
strength to San Francisco and beard the
Southern Pacific management. The rail
road men_evidently got wind" that head
quarters was to be stormed by the Indig
nant citizens, and accordingly directed
the coast limited to do their pleasure.
Southern Pacific Grants Demand That
Coast Line Limited Stop at
Their City.
CITIZENS OF VENTURA
WIN AFTER LONG FIGHT
OREGON jCITY, Oct. 9.— Attendants
employed at the State Insane asylum at
Salem were in the city to-day on the look
out for five escapes from that institution,
who broke out of the main building at an
early hour this morning. Among the es
capes is Oliver Marshall a convict pris
oner. Marshall was committed to the
State prison from Baker County under a
life sentence for murder and about three
years ago played crazy sufficiently well
to secure a transfer from the penitentiary
to the asylum for treatment. One of the
runaways was captured In the suburbs
ot Salem, but the other four are still at
large and the valley is being thoroughly
searched for them.
The escape from the asylum was ac
complished about 3 o'clock this morning.
With an improvised saw an opening was
made through the door m the ward in
which the quintet was confined and then
the lock was picked. It was an easy
matter to remove the screen from the
window. A rope was improvised of blank
ets, and with the aid of this the patients
safely dropped to the ground from a
third-story window. The break was dis
covered within an hour after the men had
left and a detail of attendants was
promptly sent in pursuit.
Among Them Is a Convict Committed
, to Oregon Prison for Life for
Murder.
FIVE INSANE PATIENTS
ESCAPE FROM AN ASYLUM
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 9.— Sheriff David
Reese and Deputy Sheriff William Lowell
this morning brought, from the peniten
tiary at Folsom Convicts James Murphy
and John H. Wood, notorious members
of the band of convicts which made a
break for liberty on July 27 last. Wood
and Murphy were captured at Reno, Nev.
They were brought here to undergo their
preliminary examination, there being
charges against them of murder for the
killing of Guard William L. Cotter, bur
glary for breaking Into the prison armory
and stealing arms and ammunition and
jatl breaking.
The prisoners said they were without
counsel when they were taken into court,
and they desired to have time in which
to employ a lawyer to represent them.
They thought they would be ready by 10
o'clock to-morrow morning, and the ex
amination was postponed until that time.
Escaped Convicts Captured in Nevada
Are Taken to Sacramento for Pre
liminary Examination.
WOOD AND MURPHY MUST /
FACE CHARGE OF MURDER
With these words George J. Moore, son
of a prominent family here, appealed to
Justice of the Peace ' F. S. Cone to-day
to be committed to prison that he might
be removed from the temptation of strong
drink, which, he said, was the, cause of
a!l the misery and sorrow to himself and
family. . . " . * . , ' . .
Moore, of his own motion, called at the
pclice station, Informed Detective George
R, Brown that he was a vagrant and de
slied.to be charged with vagrancy. Brow.i
accommodated him and a few minutes
Inter Moore was up before Justice Com
for sentence. After receiving It he was
conveyed by the detective to the County
Jail in Oakland, where he entered upon
his term .of imprisonment with satisfac
tion depicted upon his countenance.
Moore is about 32 years of age and be
fore he began to travel the pace was
prominent' In society, in Alameda and San
Francisco. ; | .
ALAMEDA, Oct. 9.— "Send me to jail
until after Christmas, your Honor, so that
I will not be a nuisance to myself and
my parents. If I can only be kept away
from liquor for three months I believe It
will be the salvation of me."
That the threat of the Six Companies
was no idle boast was proven by the death
of the Interpreter. It was shortly after
3 o'clock when the shots were heard by
policemen in the street and an hour later
the body, pierced by three bullets, was
found. Many bullets went wide of fheir
mark and lodged in the wall. The high
binders intended that their Job should be
a good one and took their unfortunate
victim while he was seated at a table
enjoying his evening repast.
There is no clew as to who the mur
derers were. All day yesterday Detective
George McMahon gathered evidence, but
secured nothing conclusive from any one.
The murdered man had a very unsavory
reputation and his countrymen are not
anxious that the crime shall be vindi
cated. He murdered his uncle some years
ago in Spofford alley and was sentenced
to ten years in prison for the crime. He
was released but one year ago und since
has been a troublesome character in the
Chinese Quarter.
The vengeance of the heathen is marked
in the murder Thursday night of Yee Get
Tong, an interpreter. An edict, issued by
the powerful Six Companies, that no one
should assist in the defense of an ac
cused robber, was disregarded by Tong
and he paid the penalty with his life.
Because he Interpreted a circular that
had been posted throughout Chinatown
he called down the wrath of ihe powers
and gunmen riddled him with bullets
while he sat at dinner in his own home.
Yee Get Tong was aware that he should
die. Some days ago he stated that the
Six Companies was in possess'.on of the
knowledge of his disobedience and that
it was only a question of time until they
should satisfy their wrath in blood.
About two weeks ago the Six Companies
ordered that no Chinese should testify In
the defense of Woo Shuck, wha was im
plicated with two others in the robbery
of a store. There was considerable in
dignation expressed by the authorities at
this attempt on the part of the Chinese
to take the law in their own hands and
to lailroad a prisoner to the penitentiary.
It was stated that the accused had the
right of a defense and that those who
might be of assistance to him in proving
his innocence should not be intimidated
by any organization. Later it was said
that Tong had been responsible for the
trouble as he had given the interpretation
of the circular to the police.
The saloon man will teftify that Bush
rWl remarked soon after the occurrence
that "this was the first and last time he
would ever throw a lighted lamp at any
body." and the evidence against the ac
cused is strong. Bushnell cannot be
found, however, but the detectives are on
his trail.
When the lamp exploded Mrs. Bushnell
was r-nveloped in flames, which her father
extinguished with the aid of a blanket.
The latter then carried a burning rugr to
the street and went in search of a potice
officer. In the meantime Mrs. Francis
Tiedeman. who occupies the flat above
the Bushnells. came to the scene and
<-ared for the Injured woman until the ar
rival of an ambulance. While attending
the woman Mrs. Tiedeman claims that
t^he addressed her husband, saying:
"Well, Harry, you've done it at last."
Captain Martin again ordered an in- I
ouiry and Detective Cody found that the«l
father of the dead woman. Patrick Ward, i
was present when the trouble took place, j
Ward fays that his daughter visited his i
home at 335 Fifteenth avenue early in the |
evening and later her husband came, j
After pome conversation Bushnell left j
and Ward and his daughter went to a j
liquor store at Seventh avenue and Clem- •
ent street, where they had several drinks. |
Soon afterward the three assembled at |
the Bushnel! home and hostilities began.
The liquor that had been consumed prob
ably played an important part in arous
ing the passions of the parties concerned j
and, according to Ward. Bushnell seized |
a coal oil lamp and. waving it over his j
h^ad. burled it at his wife. i
On September 11 there was a quarrel
between husband and wife and Mrs.
Bushnell was severely burned. When
taken to the hospital she made a state
ment that her husband had thrown a
lamp at her and was responsible for her
condition. The police started an inves- j
tigation. but allowed the matter to drop ;
when the patient contradicted her story j
end said that an explosion, for which no ;
one was rr-sponsible, had caused the ac- j
r ldent. Her condition grew worse daily j
and on Thursday she died.
Harry Bushnell, a laborer residing at
214 Seventh avenue, is being sought for
by the police and when captured probably
vill be charged with murder. According
to the evidence gathered by Detective
Charles Cody he hurled a lighted lamp at
his wife about a month ago and the wom
an died from the effects of the burns at |
the French Hospital last Thursday.
Sarah R. Llppold has begun suit against
Frank Lippold on the ground of cruelty.
She was formerly Sarah Bull andjmar
ried Lippold in jail. -¦¦•¦-, r. *
Mrs. Bessie Kelly, wife of Charles
Kelly, brought suit for divorce some time
ago, but to-day decided that she did not
want it. She telephoned to the County
Clerk to dismiss the action and. was told
that it had been already granted. As it is
an interlocutory decree and does not go
into effect for a year, she wanted the
Clerk to tell her "where she was at."
He referred her to her attorney.
Judge Ogden to-day denied Jose Aza
veda a divorce from Mary Azaveda and
also 'denied her petition for a separation.
He delivered them a lecture to the ef
fect that neither had sufflceint grounds
for the charges that they had made and
that the whole matter was more In the
nature of a quarrel. They came from San
Leandro and there were more, than sixty
witnesses in the case.
She lived with the W. F. Boardman
family In this cltyand became enamoured
of A. L. Sorenson, who was about to de
part for the Klondike. They were mar
ried by the Rev. Mr. Nelson in the pres
ence of friends, but as she did not wish
it to ' be generally known that she was
married, she gave the name of Ella
Smith to the marriage license clerk and
supposed thereby that she had invali
dated the marriage.
Sorenson did not return and a year or
so ago Mrs. Sorenson married Benjamin
Smith. Some time later she discovered
that she was not legally married, so she
secured aNdlvorce from Sorenson on the
ground of assertion. Still the defect in
her position before the law was not rem
edied and she then brought suit to annul
the marriage with her second husbond on
the ground that she was never legally
married to him. This view was taken to
day by Judge Ogden and he ordered a de
cree entered.
The case came up on a petition for an
annulment of the marriage of Mrs. Anna
Smith and Benjamin Smith. She claimed
that she had found out that she was not
legally married to him. as she, had not
gone to the formality of securing a di
vorce. The story would not sound so*
strange were it not for the fact that she
is a demure and retiring young woman,
who seemingly struggled around" In the
web of circumstances in which she had
become entangled and at each step be
came more Involved.
The giving -of a fictitious name at a
marriage ceremony by Anna Burlng In
1898 led to a peculiar - complication of
marital relations that took Judge Ogden
all the afternoon to untangle. After tak
ing two men for life partners she was
finally freed from both to-day by an
annulment of her second marriage upon
the ground that she was a married
woman at the time she made the con
tract.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 9.
The sad feature of the accident is that
Williams leaves a young bride of three
weeks, having been married September 15.
His wife was formerly Miss Adeline Biller
of 153 East Nineteenth street, Oakland,
daughter of John Biller, a contractor.
The dead switchman was a member of
the United Brotherhood of Railway Em
ployes and a Mason.
Coroner Curry will hold the Inquest to
morrow and the remains will be sent to
Oakland. His mother, who left recently
for a visit to British Columbia, has wired
Mrs. Williams to hold the remains until
she arrives.
I RICHMOND, Oct.- 9.— J. B. Williams, a
switchman and bridegroom of three
weeks, was instantly killed at 4 o'clock
this morning In the Santa Fe yards. Two
months ago Williams came here from
Oakland and secured employment with
the Santa Fe Company as a switchman.
While engaged in switching this morning
he lost his balance, stumbled In front of
a moving locomotive and was cut almost
in two. Death was Instantaneous.
Greeting- Tour colleagues of the Academic
Council of the University of California desir*
to ccnvey to you this token of earnest congratu
latlcn upon your completion of half a «*"«£
of distinguished service in Instruction and in
original research in the natural science*. Dur-
m B the fifty years which have elapsed »mc 9
you received your doctorate with the highest
honors from tha University of Heidelberg. It
has fallen to your lot to be a standard bearer
of science in three States and to plan couriM
of Investigation and instruction which nave ex
erted great Influence in the educational and In
dustrial development of these commonwealth*.
You brought to the University of California t-.i
Us early days the great boon of your ran*
scholarship, your quick apprehension of oppor
tunities for the applied sciences, especially
those underlying agriculture, your clear insight
and your tlreles* energy: and you have notably
strengthened the Institution In the appreciation
and generous support of the public and at the
same time have contributed inestimably to lta
Internal development and progress.
We honor you for your achievements, we ad
mire you for your devotion to high educational
ideals, we lovo you for the cordiality of your
companionship, we earnestly pray that long
life and continuous public usefulness may i>«
vouchsafed to you.
A very unusual academic ceremony was
enacted at the University of California
this morning. Professor Eugene W. Hil
gard, dean of the college of agriculture
of the university, and one of the beat
known scientists in America, had the de
gree of "doctor of philosophy" conferred
upon him for the second time. Just fifty
years ago to-day the University of Heidel
berg conferred doctorate honors upon
Professor Hilgard. His native university
has remembered his distinguished fifty
years of service in the cause of science.
A new diploma, similar in every respect
to the one that Professor Hilgard got half
a century ago, had been forwarded to the
university to be presented to the vener
able scientist on the occasion of the fif
tieth anniversary of his mature scholar
ship.
Dr. Hilgard has been In the service of
the- university and the State since 1S75.
His associates In the faculty to-day took
the opportunity of showing, with Heidel
berg University, the respect in which they
held the man himself and his services
as a scientist. The entire faculty, garbed
in the conventional cap ana gown of their
academic office, attended the university
meeting. Professor Hilgard himself could
not be present on account of a slight ill
ness. President Wheeler paid a mag
nificent compliment to him. H« sooke of
him as one of the scholars «t the old
school. President Wheeler said that when
Dr. Hilgard received word from Heidel
berg that the university would again con
fer upon him doctoAte honors he sat
down and wrote his response in scholarly
Latin. The students received the tributes
to Dean Hilgard with repeated applause.
The following were the resolutions
adopted by the Academic Council in honor
of Dr. Hilgards fiftieth anniversary as
a "doctor of philosophy":
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center street, Oct. 9.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Oct. 9.
The preliminary hearing of Mrs. Annie
Ross, charged with having been an ac
complice of Victor Walklrez, who la now
serving a lite sentence in San Quentln
foi tna murder of aged Mrs. Elizabeth
Leroy, was resumed to-day in Justice
Samuels' court.
In the forenoon Walkirez was again
placed on ti-e stand. His testimony was
much the same as that he gave "Wednes
day, being a contradiction of his former
confession of the murder. He claimed
that he was intoxicated at the time of
the murder and does not know how the
aged "woman came to her death. "Walklrez
says that Mrs. Ross frightened him into
confessing that he committed the deed,
his testimony implicating her in the
crime.
At the time of Walkirez's arrest Mrs.
Ross stated to the police that Walkirex
had killed Mrs. I^rov in her presence
by hitting her on the head with a ham
mer. To-day, on the testimony of the
autopsy surgeons— Dr. O. D. Hamilton.
Dr. J. M. Kane and Dr. C. E. Curdts— it
was shown that death was due to strang
ulation. Thfre was no fracture of the
skull.
Chief Hodgkins was called upon for a
repetition of his testimony in regard to
the conversation he had with Walkirez
immediately after the negro's arrest. He
also produced a number of letters from
Mrs. Ross to Walkirez while the mur
derer was In jail that the police had In
tercepted. The substance . of them was
that Mrs. Ross had written. Imploring
the negro to shield her. Eugene Van
Court, the Police Court stenographer, read
the proceedings of Walkirez's trial,
wherein he confessed to the murder.
The hearing will probably be concluded
to-morrow.
Accused Is Missing, but
Police Hope to Cap
ture Him.
Is Sent to County Prison for
Three Months as a Vol
untary Inmate.
Series of Divorce Complica
tions Absorbs the Atten
tion of Judges.
Attempt to Railroad Accused
Robber Ends in a
Murder.
Doctors Testify That Mrs.
Leroy Was Strangled
to Death.
Leaves a Wife, Whom He
Wedded but Three
Weeks Ago.
Unique Academic Ceremony
at University of
California.
Heidelberg Pays Trib
ute to Professor
Hilgard.
Witnesses Say Laborer
Hurled Blazing Lamp
at Spouse.
Drink Causes Young
» Alamedan to Ask to
Be. Confined.
J. B. Williams, a Santa
Pe Switchman, Meets
an Awful Death.
Mrs. Anna Smith-Soren
son.Is Made Eligible
for Another.
Chinese Disregards an
Edict and Pays With
Life.
Murderer Walkirez
Claims Mrs. Ross In
fluenced Him.
SOCIAL LEADER
GOES TO JAIL
MARITAL TANGLE
NOW UNRAVELED
CLAIM BUSHNELL
MURDERED WIEE
REVENGE FALLS
UPON HIS HEAD
BODY IS SEVERED
ALMOST IN TWO
IMPLICATES HIS
WHITE MISTRESS
COMPLETES HALF
CENTURY'S WORK
THE SAN TBAKCISCp . CALI,, - SATUKiDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1903.
PITTSBURG. Oct. 9.— The American So
ciety : of Superintendents, of Training
Schools for^Nurses adjourned to-day to
meet at Washington,, D. C, in. 1905. Miss
Georgiana Nevln was elected president.
Nurses to Meet in Washington.
Death of a Librarian.
SAN RAFAEL, -Oct. 9.— Miss Sarah
Elizabeth Baker, one of the beat known
women in Marin County and librarian of
San Rafael's public library for many
years, died here to-day after a short ill
ness. Mies Baker was born in Evansville,
Ind., and was 50 years of age. Her body
will be shipped East for interment.
4
COOK .BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household v treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cove- prepayment of
transportation charges.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENT&
A PESTIFEBOTJS GEBM
Burrows Up the Scalp Into Dandruff
and Saps the Hair's Vitality.
People who complain of falling hair as
a rule do not know that it is the result
of dandruff, which is caused by a pestif-
erous parasite burrowing up the scalp as
It digs down to the sheath In which tha
hair Is fed in the scalp. Before long tha
hair root is shriveled up and the hair
drops out. If the work of the germ 19
not destroyed hair keeps thinning till
baldness comes. The only way to euro
dandruff »s to 'kill the germ, and until
now there has been no hair preparation
that would do it; but to-day dandruff is
easily eradicated by Newbro's Herpicide,
which makes hair glossy and soft as silk.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c In
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co..
Detroit. Mich. .
PIVOT TEETH,
Inserted on b-oken down root». restoring tk«
natural expression to the face. Gold and porce-
lain crowns made for cost of materials.
W«ek days, 9 to 0; Sundays. 0 to 1.
POST-OBADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
( San rrancisco — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 9T3 Washington Street.
San Jose — *S East Santa Clara Streat.
._ . . .
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsla
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VI3NIER CO., San Francisco.
. .*rfg^£S&gf MENANDWQMEK.
*5fi£ar fcCB " s \2H Cra Bis a for nnn»tnr»l
JBaay httoi <>ra.\9 dischirgea,inBamm*tion*,
G&Bf Ga»r»nu«<l *| irritation* or ulc«r»tiona,.
&**JI Boiwitriowr. ~ of mncom membrum.
r^r«i^«p2?il^I?Pii Ptln:e "' * ad not "trla-
KVtliHltiMStHIMXUCO. gent or poi«oaoui.
ijfflSk. CISC!!t!UTl,O.EW|jB Sold by DranUU,
US. A. JSgaT or tent In pUln wrapper.
*iiiWwrfci rfrtfrTm b ? ex?r«fts. prepaid, for
7v'; Ktjr/H 11.00. or 3 bottl*» tt.75.CONVICT WITH CALIFORNIA
RECORD WOUNDED IN SALT
LAKE PRISON BREAK.
Naco Officials Accept the Chinese.
*ACO, Ariz., Oct. 9.— Acting on advices
from the City of Mexico, the custom 'au
ihoritles at Kaco, Sonora, to-day accept
ed the four Chinese merchant* brought
from San Francisco in bond and afterward
turned back into the United States. The
matter was taken up by wire with the
Mexican Government by . the!'. United
States Commissioner of Immigration and
by the San Francisco attorneys for 7 the*
four Chinese merchants.
A Del Monte Proposition.
Saturday and Sunday • at Del, Monte is ,'m
tr»>at for anybody. The Southern Pacific ha«
made a round-trip rate from San Francisco,
good from Saturday to Monday, and Including
tccommodatlons at the famous hotel, -. of * only
fXO. From s:an Francisco to Los Angeles, \ or.<»
way, including- stop at Del Monte and two
days' accommodation at the hotel,' f 22. Ticket*
• t 613 Market 1 1 rte t . or depot, •> Third and
Tcwcsend ctrteU. -^ •¦•»,.
SEATTLE. Oct. 9— The' Pacific Coast
Steamship Company's /Alaskan* liner '•< Cot
tage. City has met with an;accldent< to
her machinery and \ is now proceeding to
the Sound in' tow;of ; th"e;steamship To
peka. At the • local offices .of ; the ;com- :
pany/a message was received this after
noon from 1 Captain V of ,- the i Cot-'
tage City stating that" late yesterday^ aft
ernoon while crossing % Frederick ¥ Sound
she had broken ¦ \fer\ low pressurercylinder
and was unable to proceed i under! her,' own
steam. ¦ .When* the ¦accident ; occurred^ she
was < immediately /anchored land
.Wallace .went -to ,' Juneau,* t where ; he in
formed :, the compan j' > of : the mishap. ! : A'
tug * will be, sent: north at ¦ once : to '.meet
the-' disabled .'steamer. • -c< ¦ v .' -• •""•;*.•. •' ;: * - ;
Steamer Cottage City ''Meets .With
Serious ;Accident> While Crossing I
• Frederick Sound. -
ALASKAN LINEB BREAKS
LO W-PBESSTJBE CYCLiNDER
The Sin Francisco Ne»a Letter never ceaces
to be interesting, and to-day's issue is a little
ehtad of >U usual excellence.
Jeanne Francoeur contribute* another of her
6>liichtfu! lntei-vie*"*. thi* time with the Queen
of the Xeweboys. It i« a tender, pathetic little
•k;tch. written with rare sympathy.
The Looker On department ha* been extended
and is brimming with gooi stories. In It is
told the exclusive story of the Greek theater
the Bohemian Club Is to build. *
The insurance department of the paper will
>¦- a surprise- and a delight to the under
writers. .
The News Letter is etirrfn* things up la
politic?, ar.d Junius Is telling some •urprtsln*-
Specialists conduct th# literary, dramatic,
ftrvfcncl&l and automobile department*. A feature
of the N>ws Letter is Its department of sharp,
satirical comment. •
To-Day f s News Letter.
Will : Experiment : on Grape Vines.
SAN JOSE/ Oct.- 9.— A go vernmentar ex
perimental station is about to "be estab-.
lished on the farm of B. Dlstel, near
Mountain View, this county. ' Ten; acres
of land will bo converted into an experi
mental vineyard for 'the of-test
ing, all kinds of -resistant stock; and, all
varieties of * wine grapes with a 1 view to
ascertaining what particular; resistant Js
specially adapted to \ the , soil and climate
of -Santa ClaraiValley. .Some ;sixty r four
varieties" of resistants .will be experi
mented with and thousands of 'seedlings
will be grown. ' "¦>¦¦:£
Fire Destroys a San Rafael Home.
EAN RAFAEL, Oct. 3.— The two-story
home" of A. C. Brown on D street was
destroyed by fire this morning. Absolute
ly nothing was saved and Mrs. Brown
and her baby narrowly escaped being
burned alive. The fire was discovered
about' S a. m.. and the lower portion of
the house was In names when Brown vat
awakened by the smoke. Brown carried
his wife through the flames to a place
of saft-tv and the firemen rescued the
baby. The loss is estimated at $7000. The
house was insured for $2300, but there was
no lns-rance on the furniture. '
LA GRANDE. Or., Oct. 9.— A very 1 or
dinary looking colored 'man called "Nig
ger Tom" eloped- with the wife, of a
wealthy white rancher of ._ Summerville,'
near here, yesterday. The runaways, are
supposed to be in Portland. The woman
took her. three-year-old child >with her.
Her name Is Mrs.J. J.Murchison and the
negro is. said to have been. formerly em
ployed In a Portland saloon. • :. ;
The news of the disgraceful case reach
ed La Grande this morning and great in
dignation was occasioned by it. ,'••..
B Mrs. Murchlson Is a comely young ma
tron and' has enjoyed every comfort that
a prosperous husband could furnish. , It
now develops that the - colored man met
her. first at a La Grande hotel, where; he
accidentally got access- to « a, piano. He
plays the Instrument well and during, a
two days* Visit to this city thetecring wife
grew fond of the dusky musician. 'He fol
lowed her to her home town and for more
than- a month .was in the : habit of. meet
ing, her; at.hls will.: The elopement has
caused great excitement in "Union county
and I there * is strong talk of -¦ a lynching
bee if the negro is brought -back- there.
Indignant ; Neighbors Threaten to
Lynch the Man if He Falls
Into Their Hands.
WIFE OF WHITE RANCHER
' ELOPES WITH A NEGRO
Commencing ¦ Sunday. October 11, there, will
be no connection north of Davis for Colusa
Junction, Willows . and ,.way stations with
Southern Pacific train leaving San Francisco
at 3:30 p.m. daily. - -¦ ••
Change in Time.
AGREEMENT MADE PUBLIC.
Morgan Interested but Finn's Name
:;v; Is Not Signed.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— The Evening Post
to-day prints a copy of the agreement in'
the United States Shipbuilding under
writing,; mentioned on the witness stand
by . Daniel j L. Dresser on Wednesday.
Dresser, Lewis Nixon, Charles M. Schwab
and Harris,' Gates | & Co. ' were parties to
the agreement, but the- name of J. P.
Morgan & Co. was not signed to It.
* According • to the agreement/ the Trust
Company^ of the Republic, Lcroy ¦ Dresser
and -Lewis "Nixon ..were . to acquire from
the- Shipbuilding Company 200,000 shares
of its , preferred stock and 250,000 J shares
of lts : >ommon stock, ; and , of this ; 25,000
shares of each of the common and pre
ferred we^re to be delivered to J. P.
Morgan ; & Co. arid 73,000 - of each to
Charle's • M. i Schwab; ' "such stocks having
been issued 1 to said Dresser and Nixon in
part • payment for : the sale and ; transfer
to said .United \ States Shipbuilding '; Com
pany of 300,000 shares of the "capital stock'
of the Bethlehem Steel Company." V
\i Of , the remaining 100,000 shares of pre
ferred arid i 160,000 shares of Shipbuilding
stock.it' was set r forth in the agreement.
that the ancient and honorable institution of
county institutes has had its day and that th«
fitfXM>00 expended annually by the people ot
the State of California to maintain county ln
t--tltut«;» might be more profitably used for the
Intellectual development of the teachers and
the ultimate good of the crowing citizens by
creating a fund enabling public school teach
em to attend a summer season of at least tivo
weeks at 0"-r State university.
Pass Resolution Favoring a Summer
Session for Pedagogues at State
University.
BUISUX, Oct. 9— The Solano County
Teachers' Institute, which has been In
session tif-re this week, adjourned at noon
to-day. The institute was well attended
and great interest was manifested In the
work by the teachers. At the close* of
the session the institute adopted the fol
lowing resolution, which has an important
bearing on the law governing the matter
cf holding teachers' institutes:
liPTOlved, That notwithstanding the fact that
il:i»- institute hae offered much opportunity for
intellectual enjoyment, yet we believe as many
btbex county institutes have already resolved
SOLANO COUNTY TEACHERS
CLOSE ANNUAL INSTITUTE
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 9.— Hazel, the
pretty eight-year-pld daughter of James
Carthew, former Mayor of Cumberland,
Vancouver was shot -and acci
dentally, killed. this morning: by her father.
Carthew. was out on his own land shoot
ing grouse and was accompanied by his
two children, a girl and a boy. He was
about to fire and turned to theboy to
warn him Hj>. keep put of the way. - At
that moment" the gun, which chanced to
be on a line with the little girl, was ac
cidentally discharged. The contents .of
both .barrels struck the child/ who was
but a few- feet away, in the face and
breast, tearing. the flesh to ribbons. A
hole was literally; blown Into her heart.
Carthelsr picked -up "the child,, but-before
he could reach the house, which was close
at hand, 'she was dead. \
The father. and mother of the child are
almost ; crazed. . The Carthew family . are
pioneers in the town and the wealthiest
people In It. >. • '¦ :.;-.• v. \v r •
Child Keceives Contents of .Both Bar
rels of a Gun Her Parent
Was Handling. '. ; -
FATHEB ACCIDENTALLY
. KILLS YOUNG DAUGHTER
WOODLAND, Oct. '9.— Nearly all of the
final session. of the General Assoclatfon of
California, Northern, was devoted to the
consideration of important business mat
ters. Rev. L. D. Rathbone of Santa Rosa
was chosen to preach the next annual serr
mon. ' A resolution was adopted providing
for the appointment* of a committee of
five to formulate plans for active" evan
gelistic work. The following committee
was appointed: Rev. J. W. Speers.jRev.
B.. M. Palmer, Rev. George H. Dlckay,
Rev. E. S. Williams and Rev. W. H.
Cross. The report of the comity commit
tee showed that jointly with a like com
mittee representing the " Presbyterian
church steps have been inaugurated to
unite the two denominations and the pro
posed person now needs only the Indorse
ment of the Presbyterian synod, to which
the report will be submitted" next week.
It is proposed to reduce the number of
these churches in the State about" one
third through consolidation. Where one
or more churches, of each denomination
exist in' one community the weaker de
nomination will be absorbed \ by the
stronger. The comity* committee. will act
only in tlfe event of a protest. Professor
C. S. Nash of; Berkeley and Rev. H. M.
Tenny, secretary of the American Board
of Missions, were elected delegates to the
national , council of Congregational
churches: alternates. Dr. George- C* Ad
ams of San Francisco and Rev. George
H. .Dlckay. Members of the interdenom
inational comity committee were elected
,as follows: Rev. J. K. McLean, one-year
term; Rev. R. H. Sink, two-year term; S.
D. Ayres, three-year term. Dr." C. G.
Baldwin of Palo Alto was elected to the
committee on Pomona College.
Delegates and Alternates Are Elected
to the National Council of Con- :
gregational Churches.
GENERAL ASSOCIATION
CLOSES ANNUAL SESSION
Is 0^ HICAGO,'. Oct. 9.— John W. Gates,
(l^ whose name has been mentioned
UL^, in recent developments -as to the
underwriting of the United States
Shipbuilding Company, was in
terviewed to-day by the representative of
the Associated Press./ Referring 'to the
contract that- he says exists between his
house and the? house of J. P. Morgan &
Co., Gates said: . iff, '
There is no question about the contract with
Harris. Gates & Co. to sell the Morgan and
Schwab shipbuilding stock ahead of all others.
The contract was signed by Charles M. Schwab
for J. P. Morgan & Co. and CM. Schwab: by
Daniel Leroy .Dresser for the Trust Company cj:
the * 'Republic, ¦ and by Lewis Nixon for the
United States Shipbuilding Company.
\. Morgan's name was not slgned'to the agree
ment. I presume that Mr. Dresser furnished
the copy. • I saw it personally, but had nothing
to do with making it.
I was one of the unfortunate underwriters.
Under the terms of the contract tho Morgan
and Schwab stock was to be sold first and it
was further provided that the rest of the stock
should be locked up in a vault and kept until
the Morgan and Schwab stock was sold out.
They simply made a place to market the stock
ahead of ¦• another — if it has been possible to
market It — but there . was no market for the
r.took. •„ Mr. Morgan acted, as I understand it,
in this whole transaction for the United States
«teel Syndicate, using the Bteel . syndicate's
money. I do not think Mr. Morgan will deny
that there was such - a deal. :' He claims that
th»y were not the managers of the underwrit
ing syndicate, which is correct; he does not
sav they. were directly or indirectly interested.
In'lt. I see It Is reported that I was short of
this shipbuilding stock. I never sold short a
share of stock or bond. . I would be glad to. do
so ¦ to-day - at a considerable sacrifice. . I con
sider the whole thing "much ado about noth
ing." c, - ;:%:; /¦-- - , ¦' ¦ ¦ '¦ ¦-¦, ;j-,;_
It is then /provided that the sale of the
Morgan . & . Co. stock and the Schwab
that the Trust Company of the Republic
and ' Lewis Nixon were to retain 85,000
shares of preferred and 135,000 shares of
common for "a term not less than one
year."
The agreement sets forth further that
one of the considerations and induce
ments by ¦which- Nixon and Dresser de
livered the. stock of the Bethlehem Steel
Company and the funds tcpay for the
same was that 25.000 shares of j the pre
ferred stock and 25,000 shares of the com
mon, stock j be delivered- to J. P. Morgan
& Co. :-'._--:
None of the wounded it is believed. are
seriously hurt. A posse of prison guards
with several bloodhounds was promptly
started on the trail of the two escaped
convicts, but owing to darkness and the
wild nature of the country In the imme
diate vicinity of the prison no results are
looked for to-night. ,
The outbreak occurred about 6:30 p.m.,
just as the prisoners were being placed in
their cells for the night by Guards Wit
kins and Jacobs. The affair ..went through
with such vim and precision that it must
have been carefully planned beforehand.
Two of . the prisoners overpowered Wit
kins and Jacobs, the former- being shot
and slightly wounded "and the latter
frightfully beaten. The convicts took the
prison keys from the guards and released
five other prisoners who had already been
locked up. The seven prisoners then com."
pelled Guard Witkin*. notwithstanding
his injuries^ to march -at their head, and
with the assistance of ladders found near
the workshop proceeded to scale the wall.
Witkins was made to ascend first. As the
first convict reached the top Guard Nay
lor, who was on the south wall, opened
fire. This was the signal for a general
alarm, and several guards who were In
the office quickly seized their guns and
hastened to the scene. Guard Driggs
reached the wall Just as Dayton and Mul
len were descending on the outside. He
ordered them to halt,? but as they paid no
attention to the command he flred, killing
Dayton. A second shot struck Mullen in
the leg as he was coming down the lad
der, and he dropped to the ground, his
body falling over the, corpse of Dayton.
The other five convicts had succeeded In
reaching the ground outside the wall
when they were flred upon by other
guards. Abe Majors was shot iii the arm
and fell to the ground,- crying with pain.
Haworth was also shot and fell,- but
quickly arose and continued his flight.
Waddell was ehot In the leg. Lynch" es
caped uninjured, it is believed. After
running about 100 yards from. the .wall
Haworth dropped a rope made from
blankets, which was found stained with
blood. At the foot of the wall were found
seieral cartridges which the convicts
dropped as they came over. Two of the
prisoners ' were armed with revolvers.
Where they secured' the weapons is not
known. '
The escaped: Nick Haworth, sentenced
to death for the murder of Night Watch
man Sandall in Lay ton, Utah; James
Lynch, sentenced to death for the, murder
of Colonel Prowse In a gambling-house
In this "city three years ago.
SALT LAKE, Oct. 9— As a result
of a well organized ; and partly
euccessful attempt at a. wholesale
delivery of prisoners at the Utah
* State prison to-night one prisoner
was killed, one guard was shot and
wounded, another was beaten almost into
Insensibility, three prisoners were wound
ed and two others under death sentences
escaped." The dead:
FRANK DAYTON, serving a twelve
year term for attempted highway rob
bery.
The wounded: Guard Witkins, shot in
leg: Guard. Jacobs, badly beaten by con
victs; Convict Ed Mullen, serving a three
year termfor burglary, shot in leg; Con
vict Abe' Majors, sen-ing a life term for
the murder of Captain Brown of the Og
den police, shot in arm : Convict Harry
Waddell. serving seven-year term for bur.
glary.
TWO FINANCIERS WHO" PARTICIPATED IN THE SHIPBUILDING
TRUST STOCK AGREEMENT, THE KNOWLEDGE OF THE EXIST
ENCE OF WHICH CAME LIKE A BOMBSHELL TO WALL STREET.
DEAD.
Convict Frank Dayton.
WOTJNDED.
Guard Witkins,
Guard Jacobs,
Convict Abe Majors,
Convict Ed Mullin,
Convict Harry Waddell.
ESCAPED.
Convict Nick Haworth,
Convict James Lynch.
stock was to be managed by Harris,
Gates & Co. It is set forth ¦ that th»
Trust Company of the Republic guaran
teed that no part of the company's stock,
except 15.000 shares of each kind, to, be
distributed among' the various venders of
property acquired by the. Shipbuilding
Company, should be sold until after the
25,000 shares of the preferred stock and
the 25,000 shares of the common stock to
be delivered to J. F: Morgan & Co.. and
75,000 shares of the preferred stock and
75,000 shares of the common stock to b©
delivered to Charles M. Schwab, should
have been marketed, sold and disposed of.
According to the agreement as printed.
Harris. Gates & Co. guaranteed to dis
pose first of the Morgan stock and then
the Schwab stock at $65 for the preferred
and $25 ?St the common, or lower prices
If agreed upon, but It was further pro
vided that of each 100,000 shares sold J. P.
Morgan was to receive one-fourth of the
proceeds and Charles. M. Schwab three
fourths.
Jury Finds Burling Was Insane.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. - 9.— Coroner Black
burn Impaneled a Jury at Glen Ellen
Thursday and made official inquiry, into
the death of William Burllne at that
place. The verdict rendered was that de
ceased cam© to his death from a gun
shot wound, self-inflicted, while tempo
rarily insane.
GRASS VALLEY, Oct. 9.-The first
rainstorm of the winter commented hero
this morning. Rain has been falling all
day, with every prospect of continuing
Aurir.g the night. No rain had fallen
since April 10 and as a result the farmers
and stockraisers have suffered much for
lack of feed. The drought created a big
demand for hay. which has been selling
Tit fancy prices, and bs-fore long it is be
lleved it will reach t23 a ton.
AUBURN, Oct. 9.— The first rain that
has fallen In Placer County aince April
77 came to-day. The dry spell lacked only
a week of eix months, probably the
longest time Placer County has been with
out rain for many years. The Indians,
who are familiar w!th weather signs, pre
dict a J hard winter.
SAN JOSE. Oct. P.— The first rain of
the season "fell here this'' evening. A
strong south wind prevailed this fore
noon .and after threatening all day rain
began falling shortly after 7 o'clock to
night and there is prospects cf it con
•lnuiriET. There will be practically no dam
age from the rain and the orchards'will
be put in condition for cultivating. All
the prunes are now off the trees,
as this has been one of the shortest dry
ing seasons on record. There are some
wine and table grapes yet on the vines,
but they ¦will not be damaged unless the
rain continues for several days.
VALLEJO. Oct. 9.— The first rain of the
season b<=pan falling here this morning
at 10 o'clock arid was followed by a num
ber of hea\;y showers. .The rain Is wel
comed In this section.
SANTA, CRUZ, Oct. 9.— There wer»
showers here to-day and up the coast
the rainfall was rather heavy. There
,was a heavy sea and it was with dif
ficulty that the fishermen who were out
were able to make the shore. The show
ers were needed to lay the dust and were
not heavy enough to do any damage to
the gvape crop.
. SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 9.— Marin County
Jn general has been visited by rain. It
wes the first that has fallen since April
16, and indications point to a continuance
f>f .the s-torm. The downpour commenced
early this morning. Reports from Sau
faliTo. Mill Valley. Belvedere, Novato.
San Geronirao, Olema, ToxnaJes and other
places indicate a heavy precipitation. No
damage will result.
WOODLAND, Oct. 9.— Quite a shower of
rain, the first of the season, fell here to
day. The precipitation was light. Raisins
and prunes are drying on trays in Yolo
County, but little damage will accrue un
less more rain falls.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 9.— The first rain of
thf season fell this morning, but It did
rot aisourt to xnor© than one-third of an
isch- Reports from «U over" the county
indicate a general rainfall, but nowhere
¦was It greater than In this city. There
Is * considerable quantity of grapes and
•erne tomatoes on the vines, and these
will b© cracked if sunshine follows.
. SACRAMENTO. Oct. 9.— There was a
light fall of -rain here this forenoon, last
ing for nearly two hours. There is con
eidera&Ie alfalfa hay down, large quanti
ties cf beans remain unharvested and
there are great quantities of Tokay grapes
still in the vineyards. These crops un
doubtedly -will be greatly damaged if tho
rain should continue. It Is aaid, how
ever, that to-day's rain will not do any
damage.
STOCKTON. Oct. 9.— The first rain of
the season fell here to-day. The preclpi
raxlon was Hpbt. The harvest of grain
and hay is over and everything is under
cover. The rain came after a blow.
PASO ROBLES, Oct. 9.— The Grand En
campment concluded its business this
morning. San Francisco was . chosen as
the next meeting place of the encamp
ment. The- session is to be held one week
earlier than usual and at the same tlma
as the Sovereign .Grand Lodge session,
which is to be held in that city.
The competitive prize drill was held thia
afternoon. The judges were George Fll
mer, major. First • Regiment Infantry; N J«
A. Margo, captain. Fifth Infantry, and
W. M. Humphries, first lieutenant.
United States army, detailed from tha
Presidio. The prizes were awarded this
evening as follows:
Canton San Francisco No. 5, Captain
Ritter, first prize, $200; second, Canton
Vallejo No. 16, Captain Chappel. priza
$150; third. Canton Watsonville, Captain
George Jessen. prize $100; fourth. Canton
Santa Cruz. Major Pope, prize $75. Prizes
were also awarded to Canton Oakland.
Canton San Jose and Canton Orion.
The Rebekah Drill Corps. Captain AHia
Parker, was awarded a medal.
J. B. Ward, secretary of the local com
mittee, was presented with a gold fob and
Jewel by the visiting cantons.
The impressive ceremony of the Degree
of- Chivalry was conferred by General
Brower and staff upon Mrs. Priscllla Mun
ro. Mrs. Ella Cain. Mrs. Clara Gunsauls,
Mrs. M. A. x Hawley. Mrs. Sarah Klels.
Mrs. Dora L. Gardner. Miss Emma Gren
inger. Mrs. Destickney. Mrs. J. F. Chap
pel Miss Carrie E. Inch. Mrs. Matilda
Inch, Miss Laura Blrlein. Miss Theodora
Clow Mrs. H. D. Richardson, Major
George Nalsmlth. Captain W. Pecarteret.
J. B. Ward and P. Weil. : .*.
A grand ball followed the ceremonies.
The guests will leave to-morrow morning
at 9 o'clock by special train.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Another resolution, declaring that the
manufacture and sale of impure wines
in the United States has. become detri
mental to the interests^ of the -country
and that stringent national legislation Is
required, was passed. The Grange went
on record as demanding a Federal law to
protect the wine industry and the -master
of the Grange was Instructed to lay the
matter before the master of. the National
Grange and urge the of. Con
gress to paes such fa" law. The; officers
elected yesterday were installed this even
ing. An exemplification :.of degree /work
was given -by .Lincoln" Grange.,. ;, ; V , ./ i i~."
¦.VAt ; resolution, placing; the State Grange
on record as indorsing .woman's suffrage
was. adopted. ' .. ,•
Watsonville was selected as the place of
holding next year's State Grange, which
will meet there the first' Tuesday in Octo
ber. . v V - ¦ •-. - '¦ '
At the afternoon session a number of.
reports were taken up and passed. A
resolution, introduced, by. Professor D. T.
Fowler* declaring the present agricultural
building and laboratory, of the.University
of California insufficient, was passed.. The
Regents of the university will . be urged
to plan for the erection of an agricultural
building ' adequate to meet the. rapidly
growing demands and j suitable to repre
sent the agricultural* interests, of the
Stale. ¦ •: . .¦ • -••..--.- "•
Wherea*. The experience of other nations
has demonstrated the practicability and utility
of a parcels pest, therefore be It •
' Resolved, By. the California State' Grange
that the legislation committee of the National
Grange be and it Is hereby petitioned to re
new and persist in its. efforts to procure, such
legislation by Congress as will secure to the
people of the United States the inestimable
blersings of such mall facilities. • Be it further
Resolved, -That the Congressmen and Sena
tors from California ' be requested to use their
influence in furtherance of the' same. _ .
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be sent to every Congressman • and Senator of
California. ¦ \ . ' . . , ' - ¦
SAN JOSE, Oct. 0.— The sessions of the
State Grange to-day were devoted to the
hearing: and adoption of reports. • A num
ber of • degrees have j been • conferred « at
this session. Last evening Past Master
Daniel Flint of Sacramento conferred the
fifth degree on a class of twenty-three
candidates and C. W. Emery of Oakland
conferred the sixth degree on a class of
thirty-three. . ' " , '
The committees on agriculture, legisla
tion and Grange publications .reported this
morning. The reports' were adopted. » ; y
A report of the committee on resolu
tlons^was referred -to.the .committee, on
legislation. . - ... .-' ..
Chairman Tuohy of. Tulare. reported for
the committee on taxation. It was a com
prehensive report. '• The ' report was | re
ferred to a committee of five to be ap
pointed by the worthy master. The com
mittee will include .Chairman Tuohy, of
the present committee and Past Master
William Johnston of Sacramento. The
committee will formulate a new scheme
of State taxation along the line of r the
Wisconsin law, which State levies its
State tax on the Incomes of corporations.^
The committee will, report at the next
meeting of the State Grange.,
The following resolutions,' indorsing a
national parcels post, were introduced- by
S. T. Coulter and adopted: %
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Most of the Crops Are Under
Cover and • There Is
Little Damage.
Local Canton Wins First
Prize in the Competi
tive Drilb
Next Grand Encamp
ment of Odd Fellows
to Be Held Here.
Appoint Committee to For
mulate a New Scheme
of Assessment.
Delegates to \ the State
Orange » : Favor the
Wisconsin Law.
Coast Counties Receive
First Sprinkling of
the Season.
"One of the Unfortunate Underwriters" De
tlares There Is No Question About Con
tract-to Sell Their Holdings of Stock First
Jail Delivery Is Attempted at Salt Lake, in
Which One Felon Is Shot to Death,
Three Wounded and Two Gain Freedom
SAN FRANCISCO
IS TO BE HOST
LIGHT RAINFALL
IN THE INTERIOR
GIVE TAXATION
THEIR ATTENTION
CONVICTS IN BATTLE
WITH PRISON GUARDS
GATES SAYS SCHWAB
SIGNED FOR MORGAN
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATUBDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1903.
5
.The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium oflf er - will '• close on October
30, 1803, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place - their order ' im-
mediately."
This * splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate, of
fifty cents ; per 'copy. Out 5 of ,
town / orders • t wentyj cents ad -
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges. . ' >
COOK BOOK OFFEfi TO
CLOSE OCTOBER ;30.
P4cw s tor© oocii To 1*
1 Ili^L/VW/Llx/Il LU 1 I * Si M. ML L-*
EVERYBODY
KOHULER & CHASE
k Established 1850
Cor. Kearny and Post Sts.
ADVERTISEMENT^
¦ it sf* w\ ay el l\l /wt/* 1
BBEWSTEB'S
MILLIONS
Richard Greaves
POLITICAL CABDS.
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
For Tax Collector
Edward J; ;
SMITH
. . - - (INCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
ADVERTISEMENTS.-
EVERYWOMAN
/ _^_ • is interested and should know •
J^I*5?S^V , about the wonderful
MARVCI
\W§\\\ft\\ WHllf EL SPRAY .
Mm'^w^'flla he new ?*fi««i Sjrtar*.
twV&'.V-iASi' \U1 Injtction and Suetutn.
%\V^»*^S?*i*mI ¦ Best— Safest— Most Con.
Imtajitly.
Aik your 4ran!jt f»r ft %?•,, f&y ; ~g ' '^"^
If he cutinot >Bp|>ly the ,
MARVEIj. accept no -,• .- \ ' ">tto^*-»
ether, but «end stamp tot IIIds. g -'&v\S
tntei hook— a = i> led. It gtnt taXL ]?;,, I ! M
p»rt!cuUra «n<1 dire<-tmr« ln*aloabl« - **v.'. /, 'M
toUdie- . .« AKVXL CO.. ¦ S HIHj!l t 'imW
Room 203. Times Bdg. r New Tork.
> ICNOR&HuU 159 CBT5AST DI8CB1X9U
CURE'tN 48 HOURS.
wjy*. 'A-C^aBzsaBKBflBHasansssaaaB^T^
ll -^patents! IITiHE thriving city of Los Angeles is advancing
at a pace that must be pleasing to its enter
( * prising citizens. The Los Angeles Herald
sf -review of ' its progress'as. indicated- by the erection
oi buildings in the city in the first nine months of the
present yearJ Summarizing carefully prepared . offi
cial figures, it gives the total amount of money rep
resented by building improvements in the months in
dicated at $9,697,800. Large as is this total its sig
nificance is made to appear more clearly by compar
ing it with the total figures for the first three-quarters
of each of several preceding years. * V "< '';;•>;'
The total value of buildings erected in 1902 to the
« orresponding date was $6,378,643. The record; of
ro-ii Stands' at $2,703,894. The totals for these two
yeas; therefore fall $615,000 short of the record; for',
the present year. Taking a period of six years » to
gether, beginning with 1899, and the augmenting
progress of the City of tfye Angels makes, a strong
"showing: The total for the first nine months of 1899
was but $1,469,601; for the. same months in 1900 'the^
total was $1,688,542;, the for' 1901 are $2,703,
894; these for 1902 are; $6,378,643. The first : nine
months of 1903 prove that Los Angeles is 1 growing:
jjn value more than six times as fast as it was in^1899
and four times as rapidly, as in 1901.' These figures
are upheld by the general growth of Los Angeles and
arc- not due; to>the "erection of -a few exceptionally"
costly buildings in the- first three-quarters 'rofvj.903.';
This'is made clear by comparing the number of per
mits for the six years included 'iri the review instituted
by the Herald. : 1
. The number of permits . issued in the - first three
quartersi of 1899 was 1268; during the corresponding
v period in '. ipo.i the , number; js 4577. Therefore about
; four times as" many- - buildings have »been erected
LOS ANGELES FORGES AHEAD.
FOREST fires in the mountains of California are
increasing' every year. They are laying bare
the mountain slopes and destroying the. storage
of' moisture. 1 Already the- effect is apparent, in, the
springs in'the foothills, which -were formerly very
numerous . and .ran .an 'abundance of water/ bur are
now affluent only -a part, 1 of the year.. and many are
entirely dry "at the" season' "when ;they-are 'most
needed; ;. . ,.••.•'•¦¦'./'•'. - x - ',;. V; " ~~ ., . ¦ '
Slowly but surely the consequences of carelessness
and .profligacy are appearing and the. moisture, the
mcther of the'-StatevSfruitfuhiess and 'fertility, .is de
clining. The people look on, but little impressed
because the whole consequences are not immediately
manifested.' In the lapse of time, however, the hourj
will come: when, they \are. all upon the State and it
will be too -late to repair ; the damage for; the .benefit
ofthe generation that'vvill suffer from it:. ¦:
These 'fires originate ;in a variety of ways,*rtio%f'of
them being due. v to\the thoughtlessness of men. The
last great'one of the season^has just swepf'the.-e'ast-^
em slopes of Mount Shasta ¦ destroying thousands of
acres of fine timber and impairing the effectiveness of,
a large watershed, -'this' fife is charged to cattle'
men, who are accused of setting it in order, to make
the" region impossible to ; goats and sheep next ;year.'.
This* Is hardly' credible, "since noije know better than*
the cattle men that forest fires do not drive out sheep
and goats, but are quite • sure ¦ to v render the fired, area,
less' desirable' for cattle ; pasture. '. -^ _,' v .-.
: But whatever: its cause the harm is done there as it
has 'been 'done; the' whole length .of \thfe Sierra Nevada
range in Northern California and'on-thei Sierra Madre
range in Southern^ California^ -andjif . the standing, for
est : yet -unhurried is -. to be saved there should im
mediatexo operation : of the" State arid Federal author
ities' to protect it. The great forests, of the 'continent
are making their last stand-in the mountains of ,Cali^
fornia. . Their' enemies are many and their destruction
is sure unless they, are cared for,' by the people whose
homes and'fields are the objects' of their. protection.
THE LATEST FOREST FIRE.
The average tinnual v wage of adult
miners in Silesia, Germany; -is $245.
The Supervisors* Light Committee yes
terday reported in favor of Hghtinr th©
dome of the City Hall on two evenings
during the convention of the American
Bankers' Association to be held In ' this
City October 20 to 23, 1903.
To Light City Hall Dome.
The anthropologists of Berkeley are concerning
themselves deeply with the history of the aboriginal
peoples and languages of California. They are. giv
ing an impetus to an important movement which has
long languished and have evidently reached the sen
sible conclusion that one has not to go to the Nile
to seek records of faces that were once in the march
of the civilizing arts and are now deeply interesting
to those of us who love to study -.the story of our
species.',
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the-
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *
George W. Beavers, formerly of the .postal 1 de
partment and prospectively of a job less pleasant,
has been indicted again on thre,e distinct charges.
If this process keeps' up much longer the Govern
ment might make money by lending Beavers to some
circus manager as'a museum -freak— the most accused
man'in America'/ ,;*;¦ —
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic flra
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st., above Call bldg. •
The regular Friday afternoon open air
concert took place yesterday on the pa
rade ground at the Presidio. The con
cert was given by the Third Regiment
Band, Artillery Corps, under th«s leader
ship of Bandmaster Armand Puts, who
arranged an excellent programme for the
afternoon.
Gives Open Air Concert.
. Superintendent of Schools Langdon has
issued circulars to principals asking them
to co-operate in securing a fine exhibit
of school work at the St. Louis exposi
tion to be held next year. The circular
contains a list of instructions, the most
important of which is that all work must
be a faithful representation of the curri
culum of the schools. Langdon lays great
stress on the results of manual training
which he considers appropriate in an ex
hibit of pupils' work-
School Work at St. Louis Fair.
Independent voters and reflecting Democrats whose
judgment will lead them to support Mr. Crocker in
this fight will perceive the importance of electing
along with him a complete Republican administration.
By all means Mr. Crocker should have a Republican
Board of Supervisors to support him' in the work of
# his administration, and it is hardly less important that
the various executive and administrative offices be in
the hands of men who will cordially, co-operate with
the chiefs executive. The non-partisan and inde
pendent support given to Mr. Crocker may therefore
be reasonably expected to extend to the whole Re-
The ratification meeting to be held to-night affords
an opportunity for independents and for conservative
Democrats to come out and show themselves on the
right side. The reference to each successive election
as a crisis has become so hackneyed that fhc word has
well nigh lost its original significance, and yet every
thoughtful citizen must perceive that at this time we
are confronted by a real crisis in our local affairs. We
caimot go on in the old way. All the conditions of
the time impel to new things and the vote on the
bond issues for public improvements shows that the
masses of the people are eager to go forward. Under
such circumstances another term of factional govern
ment would be a serious evil to the community, while
an era of good government would materially promote
every interest of the city and advance every move
ment made, for municipal betterment..
These truths* are well understood by every man of
political intelligence. Another term of the Schmitz-
Rurf machine is not to be tolerated. Public interest
demands a business administration animitcd. by a gen
uine civic, patriotism. That will be the significance
of the grand demonstration with which Republican's,
independents and conservative. Democrats.-Kill',tb
night join in indorsing the candidacy of Henry JV
Crocker and of every, one of his colleagues on the Re
publican ticket.
The contest U v between the forces represented by
Mr. Crocker and his colleagues' and those represented
by the Schmitz-Ruef machine. That machine .has
been in power for one term and the result has been arr
administration so inefficient that the very m.en: who
direct it have been unable to agree and of late have
been charging one another with more offenses than
the conservative public ever suspected either faction
of committing. While the rival leaders have been
wrangling and denouncing one another as traitors to
this or that the affairs of the municipality have been
neglected, the revenues have been exhausted in the
payment of salaries, leaving but little for public work,
and that little has been largely misapplied. The con
servative element? of _ the people are resolved to put
an end to this condition of affairs. They wish prog
ress, prosperity and improvement and they are aware
that the first step in the direction of attaining. a
greater and a more beautiful San Francisco must be
taken by providing for an efficient city government
based upon business principles and conducted by
business men.
AT the Republican ratification meeting at the
Alhambra Theater this evening there will be
a demonstration of public rather than of party
fcentiment, for it is now evident that if San Francisco
is to be saved from the politicians who are trying
to bring about an era of class divisions among the
people there mrst be a general rally of good citizens
to the standard of Henry J. Crocker.
Of course the mere filling of an auditorium of the
size of that of, the Alhambra Theater would not be in
itself a proof that public sentiment is on the side of
the cause for which the meeting was held. A very
small minority of the voters of San Francisco could
fill the Alhambra to overflowing at a meeting held to
deal with almost any question of public interest. The
significance of the meeting will have to be sought in
the quality rather than in the numbers of the audi
ence. The meeting may be expected to be thor
oughly representative of the conservative sense of .the
people and a demonstration of the virtual unity in
support, of Mr. Crocker of all citizens who are op
posed to political parties organized on class lines.
irrelevant, impertinent or immaterial. -*. v * ! . .
We can hardly expect Mr. Lane to acceptythe "chal
lenge of the Mayor, but it is not improbable that
the Mayor, to make his point more effective", may ; at
some.rally of his party, introduce his, "bunch: of-na
tives" as exhibit A, accompanied^ by an' engrossed
copy of the Roosevelt. letter. MeantimeHn this. issue
of personal superiority/as in all others;of' the" kind it
is to be noted that Mr. Crocker keeps: silentVand
makes no boast; " "-* ' ;. • ; : • ¦ .'-'-
*' That' style of cVmpalgftmg^si^tichb.etfer!fhan mud
slinging and Schmitz is to be congratulaledfupon his
tact in- shifting the: argument.'.between. himself and
Lane from the question of whith has vdpne'most to
jave San Francisco to that of; which -hW-the" larger
number of babies "born ! iri Sari Francisco.- Thersprirtg-;
ing of the new question shows that the- : Mayoir.iisra
man of versatility as well as of musical.'^or^jrialjtyi
Unquestionably the growing good of
is dependent upon an increase of .theVpQpulation* >% s6
the new issue is 'not to 'be dismissed dn-'demufreY" as
In his speech of Thursday evening Mayor Schmitz
reviewed Mr. LaneV various claims upon thd support
of the people and is reported as saying: "He also
,said he deserves election because he has a child born
here, although he is not a native .himself. I can" go
him one better than that because I have three born
in'San Francisco:'''" r," ->-'¦---¦- ,* . ; ..,¦¦.-.-¦ -. ¦,.-.-.
WHEN President Roosevelt wrote his famous
race suicide letter it is not likely, he had any
thought of making it." a political issue. Cer
tainly he could have had no thought that it would
be brought up as an issue in a municipal campaign
in S^n Francisco. Once more, however, the unex
pected ha.s 'happened. Mayor Schmitz, taking um
brage at a certain statement of Mr. Lane, has issued
a~ defiance on that point and boldly claimed superior
ity over his Democratic. competitor, for the discon
tented vote of the city so 'far as the perpetuation of
the race is. concerned: ' \V .
THE RALLY TO-NIGHT.
SOHMITZ'S- NEW ISSUE
Of the whole collection, numbzerins 230
-pictures, ' there- are 173 of the prints for
aale for j>rice3 ranging from $Aii).. to $*>'
apiece.
. The salon will be continued daily until
Saturday, October 2L
That general interest is taken in the art
of photography was evidenced yesterday
by the big attendance at the third San
Francisco photographic salon at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. The
prints are in every case of the highest
order, having been carefully judged and
selected for the exhibition by an impar
tial and strict jury.
There are photographs by experts not
alone of the United States, but also of
England and Belgium. The loan collec
tion of the Photo-Secession sent from
New York holds an honored position at
the salon and has been greatly admired.
The committee has isued a catalogue
that is in keeping with the high artistic
motive of the salon.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SALON IS
APPRECIATED BY PUBLIC
Prints of This and Foreign Lands
Seen at Hopkins Institute of
Art.
,Two American • officers; ' small in -the service" of
Uncle Sam in Mindanao', robbed the Government re
cently, stole a steamer and escaped, seized" another
vessel for coal and made '.off for Borneo as a haven
of security. What a thrilling episode with which to
regale the imagination of the small boy until the
sequel of capture and * punishment : is told in the
matter-of-fact-records of stupid crimes.'
Members of the State J Floral Society
met yesterday at Elks* Hall. Sutter
streeC Professor- Emory Smith presiding.
One of the most Important subjects before
the society was an address by Miss Alice
Eastwood of the Academy of Sciences,
who told of her trips and walks of ber
tween eighteen and twenty miles a day.
through Del Norte County, the most
northern county on the coast, tnto Ore
gon. ¦ v
Miss Eastwood described the scenery
and' the trees, the shrubs and rare flowers
•he encountered on her journey, and told
of floral discoveries that deeply interested
her hearers. Miss Eastwood gave a beau
tiful account of the redwood forest near
Crescent City. She described it as a vir
gin forest where as yet nothing had been
disturbed by the ruthless hand of com
mercialism. At the same time Miss East
wood announced with deep regret that
the wondrous redwoods were in danger of
being cut down, and wished that she and
all others Interested in the saving of for
ests could impress upon tho«e who live in
the vicinity of the forest the value of
guarding it against destruction.
Miss Alice Eastwood Informs the
State Floral Society of Horti
cultural Discoveries.
TELLS .AN INTERESTING
STORY OF FOREST JATJNTS
~ With ; the . figures . of California's .; min
eral'production: freshen mind for, the i year
1902.V some "statistics; concerning; the : min
eral output, of [our t neighbor on the south,
Mexico, are opportunely, supplied, by ; the
MInlng-and Scientific: Press, which sums
up : as: follows: ' •"' . '.' ", • ,..*.
", The '¦ production of j gold In 1 Mexico has i risen
with ¦ the introduction of : American capital. -, In
1S77-78 1 It i was « about * $746,000 1 and in 1 1880-81
had increajied .to over * $ 1,000, 000/ f ; From " that
date up * to - 1 800-01 ; It ranged ; between * $650 000
and ¦ $1,000,000, but ia 1S82 it i beian to -ahow a
ORES ; OF MEXICO:
Silver;.was r ; produced ; mainly,^ from . gold
ores r carrying ; silver ¦ from '. the ' counties : of
Alpine, Amador, Butte, : Calaverasi'El Do
rado, v Fresno,Slnyo^vKern,*.' Lassen,*': Ma
dera.v.Mariposa,^ Mono, . ' Nevada, « : Placer,
Plumas'.Riverside,: Sacramento. San Ber
nardino," San Diego,;; Shasta*; Sierra/ Sis
kiyou, - ' Trinity and ¦-; Tuolumne. ; { - In ' dis
tribution silver takes second ranktogbld,
having • been < produced.' in 'twenty-seven
counties ? in. 1902." '. : . >.
, Quicksilver s came from ' the; counties of
Colusa,'. s Lake, Napa; San Benito, San Luis
Obispcv. Santa Clara,^ Solano,! Sonoma and
Trinity.' Th^re were '2832 more flasks (of
7G& pounds each) produced in 1902" than In
the previous year, • but the total valuation
is Ies3 owing to prices. "P
: Rubble » was quarried In the counties of
Los . Anseles; Madera, Marln,-. Monterey,
Napa;*, Placer,^Sacramento, San\ Bernar
dino,- San Diego, San* Francisco, San Ma
teo andWentura. 1 - Overone-quarter of the
1,555,076 tons came from San Mateo Coun
tyjand:was used in railroad construction
work on Mission i Bay.'- This class of work
on ' San"/Franci8co! Bay; and"! San . Pedro
harbor uses up the larger part' of the rub
ble quarried. I'/, ; ,
• Salt:;came':' from the counties of Ala
meda,;Colusa, Loa Angeles,': Marui.-RtVer
side.rSani Diego and : San ¦ Mat4o!-: It -is
the ; ; nroduct * of ¦ solar, evaporation of sea
watery and ' more I than three-quarters ; of
the. total is v made in Alameda County : from
San .Francisco Bay water. ; ' : ,
QUICKSILVER LEDGES.
...All the f manganese was from. Alameda,
and - the magne.slte : from Alameda, iNapa,
.Sonofnarand Tulare. cewnties. Marble.was
qyarrieds-in .Amador.-.San Bernardino .and
.Tuolumne.: counties, -.Minerali.paint-,. came
from : the. counties : of . Calaveras, i Los" .An
geles, • Sonoma and . Stanislaus:- - Mica ¦ was
produced § in Ventura : County. -* Mineral
waters .were commercially utilized; by be
ing, battled and sold from .the > counties of
Butte; i- Colusa.% Contra .Costa, • •'Fresno,
Humboldt,'- Lake, ». Mendocino, Monterey,
•Napa,* San '- Benito, San;. Diego, San -Luis
Obispo; - Shasta," ' Santa . Barbara; Santa
Clara, Sierra, Siskiyou, Solano and So
noma. ( Natural gas j was utilized in the
counties "of Sacramento, San Joaquln and
Santa Barbara, 5 . Paving ori basalt blocks
were" • quarried in Placer, Riverside, San
Bernardino,. Solano and' Sonoma counties.
. > Petroleum was produced in the counties
of ¦ Fresno, Kern, "¦• Los ; Angeles,; Orange,
Santa Barbara and Ventura.' Thus It will
be noted, that only six counties are pro
ducing, this J substance, notwithstanding
the wide range. of prospecting and'drill
ing.ln' numerous : counties," both north and
south, during the past two years. -
All the platinum which could be traced
was from Trinity County, though its presi
ence | Is noted at jj other , points. ' Pyrites
were mined (for, sulphur contents) in Ala
meda and Shasta counties only, most
coming from the former.
Infusorial earth A^as produced : in the.
counties of Los Angeles and Santa Bar
bara.. Lead was prodyced^in Inyo, Los
Angeles,, Mono and. San Berhardino^.with
small -quantities .from Alameda and.Tuol
iimnC couritjes. "AIL -the Iithla-micai'wa3
from".San Diego County. Lime was quar
ried" and; burned "in the counties ..of; Butte,
'Ef ; £)drado,.; vKefn,' ' Monterey, Riverside,
Sari^Berriardlno, N Santa'Cruz, Shasta. ; and
MohoV," and"; limestone. In the . counttei , of
Napa, Sari "Bernardino, Santa Cruz "and
Shasta".'. Macadam quarries were operated
in j Alameda, . Los .Angeles, Marln, ;lton
terey,: vSacrarriento, .,, San ., Benito,. i- San
Mateo!' Sa,n ,%. Solano^ and Sonora
•counties. ;.;•*'¦*-.. -..r- '- ''..' ! ; ¦ -,: ¦¦¦ ¦
PRODUCTS IN VARIETY.
Coal was mined' in Alameda, ..Amador,
Contra Costa and Riverside; counties,
most of it being: from Alameda. Copper
was produced in the counties of Amador,
Calaveras, Contra N Costa, El Dorado,
Fresno,: Inyo, e Kern, Madera, ' Mariposa,
Merced, Nevada, Placer, San Bernardino,
Shasta, Siskiyou, Stanislaus and Tuol
umne. The total, product, was 27,860,162
pounds, as-compared with ,34,931,785 the
previous year. The valuation in 1901 was
$5,501,752, as compared -with '$3,239,475 for
1902,' prices being much lower last year
and output less. '
All the fullers* "earth produced in the
State. came from Kern County; and the
glass sand came from the "sand ranches"
near Monterey Bay. Granite for building
purposes, curbing, etc., was quarried In
the counties of Los- Angeles, Madera, Ne
vada, Placer, Riverside, Sacramento, San
Diego. Santa Clara, Sonoma and Tulare.
Graphite came from Sonoma County only;
gypsum, from Los Angeles, Kern, and
Riverside.
Gold is more widely distributed than
any other mineral substance thu3 far
mined ; in California, thlrty-flve counties
out of fifty-seven in the State showing a
gold yield in 1902, and It is known to ex
ist In several others. According to the re
turns received from producers at the San
Francisco Mint .the gold yield for 1902 was
$16,910,320 and was derived from the fol
lowing counties, which are named in the
order of the respective gold product for
the year: Nevada, Calaveras,; Tuolumne,
Amador, Kern, 'Butte, ; Siskiyou, Shasta,
Placer, Trinity, Mariposa, Mono, Sacra
mento, San. Bernardino,. Plumas, San
Diego, El Dorado, Sierra, Y.uba, Inyo,
Humboldt, Fresno, Riverside, r Madera,
Lassen, Tulare, Alpine, Los Angeles, Mon
terey;* TJeT ?«>r"te; 'San' Luis Obispo, Ven
tura, Colusa, Orange and Santa. Barbara.
The statistics relating to the California
mineral 'output v for; the \ year . 1902, ; as re
ported; by State " Mineralogist -_' : Aubury,
which ".liavB been published 'lnWtlils, paper,
are 'supplemented .by. -a showing of pos
sibly ? greater) interest." - Herein • Is made
clear. ' the geographical distribution .of
mineral substances, among.- the counties
of California. As many branches'of the
mineral industry of "the State 'are com
paratively new there is a chance for them
to expand . and they may. figure largely In
the near future. .Attention" in' this regard
is called to the rapid expansion of the oil
producing .industry; also to the growth in
the production-," of ' building-materials,
whTch* has -amounted' to a; round $1,000,000
and 'upward iii;twe\ie.. months.;; In fact,
but for 'this' increase the statistics for the
State.;, during > tfi'e rye'dr," 1902 ; .Would* have
showri':a'"f ailing Mjff instead of a'gajn. ..
Asphalt i.was 'produced- in: 1902 in the
countiesjr.of -¦ Kern, .• Las j Angeles, '¦¦¦¦•: Santa
Barbara'; s San" i Luis Obispo, { Santa Crtiz
and Ventura, ;mqst , of it.'now being de
rived fromUhe refining of; petroleum. Bi
tuminous 'rock fvra.8 quarried^ in ; San
Oblepo . arid ' Santa; Crtiz 'corunties.;,'; Most
of the'- borax', came 'from' San Bernardino
County,^though':" some was produced in
Inyo.t .Brick clays were .utilized, in r the
counties "of Alameda, Butte,' Contra Cos
ta, Fresno, JIumboldt, /ICern, Kings, : Los
Angeles, Madeira, 1 Marin, Mendoclno.'Riv
erside; Sacramento, San Bernardino, San
Diego; San Francisco, ~ San Luis . Obispo,
Santa Barbara, , Santa Clara, -Shasta," So
noma, Tehama and Tulare. Clay ' for pot
tery, . sewer pipe, etc., came from the pits
in Amador, Los Angeles, Placer; River
side and San Mateo countles. v " Cement
was manufactured at the quarries in San
Bernardino ; and Solano counties, the lat
ter producing this for the first time in
many years, .and in considerable quantity.
All the chrome mined was from Shasta
County, and all the chrysoprase was de
rived from Tulare County. . *
CX>Ai.y AND COPPER. . .
The mill on the Soulsby mine at Soulsby
vllle Is being; run six hours per day on or© from
No. 2 and Xo. 3 levels. The drift north from
the 200-foot level has been run 500 feet, and
that from 300- foot level 360 feet. Another 300
feet from the face of the drift on the 30O level
will connect the new. works with the old. Con
siderable water has been struck In the mine,
and Superintendent W.' Sharwood thinks It Is
drained from the Platt mine on the south. An
S-inch Cornish pump with a e-foot stroke la
being put in to handle the water, and when
finished a contract will be let to sink the shaft
100 feet deeper. Work at the Mount Jefferson
mine at.Groveland is groins ' ahead, and ore is
being opened up In the crosscuts. Sinking will
be resumed as soon as a station pump Is put
in at the 500-foot level. - Th« pump will lift 120
gallons per minute to 600 feet. Estey & Stan
ford, who hold the . Doyle . ranch mine, near
Columbia, tinder bond have made the second
payment and will increase development work.
Tuolumne County papers report the fol
lowing concerning mines on the mother
lode: .
THE MOTHER LODE.
! The Boulder mine in Placer County has
been freed from water. Work will be ac
tively resumed in the mine.
The Phelps Hill mine, near Nevada
City, " has been bought by Chicago and
Reno parties.
A company has been incorporated hav
ing for its purpose the' opening of the
Santa Ana lead at Randsburg.
The California- Jack mine in El Dorado
County has been sold by the Oro Flno
Mining Company to S. L>. Mitchell of Los
Angeles. There Is a ten-stamp mill on
the property. \
A tunnel is being run on the lignite de
posit at Cottonwood, Mono County. The
coal, vein is reported to be, eleven feet
wide.
The Emblre mine at Union Hill, near
Grass Valley, has been connected with
the reservoir of the South Yuba "Water
Company by a twenty- four-inch pipe that
is 8000 feet long. ;. • -
: «The ' Kinselbach -quartz mine near Alle
ghane, Sierra County, is being developed.
By comparison it may be repeated that
the mineral output of California ast year
ran to $35,069,105, of which gold amounted
to fl6.910,320; silver to $616,412; copper to
$3,239,975; petroleum to $4,632,189.
The ¦\Vildrhan-Mahoney mine at Sutter
Creek, Amador County, will resume. It
has been closed down for some months.
The American Gold . Eagle Company
Consolidated has bonded claims in the
Bull Creek district and also the Ontario,
Clawhammer, Minnepah, Two-Thirty,
Gold Bank, Democrat, Compromise,
Marble Springs and Eubanks claims.
It Is reported that a ledge carrying
quicksilver has been struck by the Black
Bear Quicksilver Mining Company, which
is operating twenty miles distant from
Cloverdale. ¦;/, ~i ,*••
material increase, being that year $1,075, C37.
Since then a large amount of American capital
has gone into Mexico and th? output has in
creased nuadily until the present. In 1901-03
It was reported by the Treasury Department
of the republic to have been $9,U32.«7tf. It It
thought the output for the year 1902-03 vHU
exceed ? 11.000,000. The silver production dur
ing the same period, 1877 to 1902. has steadily
Increased from $24,836,908 In 1S77.-7S to $72, -
S30.9S3 in the years 1001-02. Statistic! for
1903 are not yet available, but in 1U02 Mexico
imported copper ore and matte to the value
of $10 000.000. A decade earlier tb« importa
tion of copper was less than $100,000. Durin*
this period Mexico's shipments Into the United
States of bar and Ingot copper has risen from
$84,000 to nearly $3,750,000.
Exports of iron and steel from the United
States into Mexico have increased very largely,
machinery alone increasing from 11,500,000 ia
1892 to over $7,000,000 in 1902.
i The Supreme 'Court declared yesterday
that Auditor Baehr must- make two cal
culations to account for the collection of
taxes for the next fiscal, year. One -of
these willbe^for funds to be used, by, the
city and comity, based on the assessment
approved by the Board of Supervisors and
the otheY for moneys to be eiven the
State based on the assessment made by
the Board, of Equalization. _ j • .
D." J. Buckley, represented by Tomn «
Tobln, .petitioned the Supreme Court for
a writ of mandamus compelling the Audi
tor to consider only the assessment of the
State Board of Equalization In preparing
his accounts. B.\P. Oliver, represented,
by .Van Ness & Redman, asked for a writ
compelling the Auditor to make two cal
culations, one for city and county ex
penses based on the local assessment and
the otheriOr State purposes' based on the
Board of Equalization's assessment.
There was no difference in the alms of
the petitioners," but the two writs were
asked for in order that \ the Supreme
Court might grant one and deny the
other, and thus establish the legal status
of the -two assessments, was no
precedent- in the matter.' Furthermore,
therp existed considerable doubt as to the
construction to be placed upon the stat
utory and constitutional provisions which
refer to the. levying of' assessments. ;
If taxes had been collected on the as
sessment of the. State Board of Equaliza
tion San Francisco, would have had $1,250,-
Ooa.more than is necessary for the carry
ing on- of the municipal government Tne
Question was one of great interest to
heavy taxpayers and as a result It was
deemed wi3e to get, a clear, interpretation
of .the law from»the Supreme Court.
Auditor Baehr had commenced to make
one calculation . based on the assessment
of the Board of Equalization, j
The, decision means that the two assess
ments are. entirely Independent of each
Other and that the State board has power
to increase the tax rate only in respect
to what shall be paid for State expenses.
County Clerk Albert B: Mahnnv. who
filed a suit for an Injunction restraining
the Election Commissioners and the Reg
istrar from expending any money In pro
viding for the election of his successor.
In the hope that- the court deter
mine that bia was a county office and
that therefore he should remain in office
for two years more, met with defeat in
Judge Seawell's. court yesterday. A de
murrer to the suit was filed by the- City
Attorney and after a lengthy argument
against It by Mahony'a attorney, Peter
F. Dunne, It was sustained. The city
was represented by Assistant City At
torney Sims, who simply read the charter
provision making two years the term of
office of the County Clerk. ; ¦
The case will be taken immediately to
the Supreme Court. Attorney. Dunne re
fused to amend hts complaint, but gave
notice that he would lmmediateiy take
an appeal from the Court's judgment.
Judge Seawall delivered his opinion
from the bench. He simply gave notice
that the demurrer to Mahony's action wm
sustained. . ; .
SATURDAY.. .OCTOBER 10, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addrui AH Cemmuniutions to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish..
I'lBLICATIOX OFFICE... Mnrket and Third, TS. P.,
UDXTOIUAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 StCTen»on St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20"Cts. Per Week, 75 dts.-
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
. Terms by Mat!. Including PoetaceCCaih With Order):
OAILT CALL, (lncJu<Sl»* Sunday), one year... fS.OO
DAILY CALL U&eludini; Sunday), t month* 4.0O
DAILT CALXr— Br Single Month • T5 °
FUNDAI CALL, On« Tear. '..: 2J»O
WEEKLY CALL. On« Year l.OO
f Dally... «S.SO P«r Year Extr*_
rOREIGN POSTAGE { Sunday.'. 4.15 Per Extra
I Weekly.. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
All poitniaitrr* are amtltor'ied to receWe"
subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when reanerted.
Mttt rubecrlbers IS ordering change of % addrssi should tit
rartlcular to flvt both NEW AXD OL.D ADDRESS Jo order
10 lscur* a, prompt ard correct compliance, with their request.
OAKUM) OFFICE. , "• .
JUS Broadtrar Telephone Main 1O83 '
DEnKELGY OFFICE.
C14S Ceatrr Street Telephone Jfortb 77^
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: * v ¦ '
MORTON IS. CUAXE 1-tOO O Street. X. W.
XEW TOES NEWS STANDS:
Waificrr- Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 81 Cnlon Square:
Hurray HIU Hotel; FHth-e venue Hotel and Hoffman Hcuse.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehensaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hot«l;.
House: Auditorium Hotel: Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
«¦. GEORGE KttOGXESS. . . .Marqnetle Bnlldlnjf
<LonR Distance Telephone, ••Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVE:
&TEPUEX B. SMITH SO. Tribune Daildlnsf
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CAHLTOS Herald Square
HRAXCH OFFICES— *27 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
octll •:80 o'clock. 800 Hayes, op»n until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAUicter. open until 9 :S0 o'clock. C15 Larkln, open until
• 30 o'clock. 1941 alisclcn. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 '
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. KE. cottmt Church and Duncan streets, open I
t-ctll 0 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-eeeond and Kentucky,
or»n ur.tll » o'clock. £200 Flllmore. open until 9 o'clock. "
THE result of- the bond election which Was in
tended to burden the taxpayers with the street
'railroad business shows that the proposition
has lost rather than gained votes since it was first
submitted. Yet this last campaign, for it was mo r e
active and better organized than the first. There
can be no doubt that the friends of public ownership
polled their full strength and it is seen now to be a
small minority of the total vote of the city. . ;.,
We are aware that to this it may be answered that
the opponents also cast the vote of a still smaller
minority. Yet we are persuaded that that vote rep
resented, the views of. more people than the othe~.
Much**of<.the indifference was due to the fact that it
was felt that the proposition would be .beaten any
how arid it was not worth while to'ta.ke the time to'
hit it "with a ballot. Some thousands were also influ
enced by the belief that the bonds, if voted as pro
posed and made; a lien on the whole city, would not
stand the judicial- test and would, be invalidated j by
the courts. This view was powerfully influenced by
the letter of Mr. Crittenden Thornton, in .which he
declared the proposition to be unconstitutional. Con
fidence in htm as a lawyer, gave such a sense of secur-,.
ity as to influence many opponents' to snub the polls.
' In our view the city has escaped a great danger. - It
has refused to submit to theorists and»enthusiasts the
trial of an experiment that would cost the taxpayers
by direct Hen about a million and a half of dollars.
We have characterize^ Jt as a proposition to em
bark in socialism because in Great. Britain the social
ists everywhere promote such experiments as the use
of the thin edge of the wedge, which is to' cleave ex
isting institutions and split the way to "universal col
lectivism. We desire, however/ to do the socialists
of this city the justice to say that they oppose such
piecemeal plan and propose that things shall not be
done' one nt a time. They dream of securing the
whole Government first and then at one coup ending,
the whole system -which they call capitalism by put
ting all human activities inthe hands of "the Govern
ment. This is why, as a body, the San "Francisco
socialists* did not fa,vor the Geary-street bonds. They
reasoned that such bonds would be sold to capitalists,
who would draw ' interest to the increase of their
wealth, and that the burden of interest would be
merely transferred from the users of the road to the
whole body of taxpayers. Had the same proposition
been submitted to British socialists they would have
favored.it upon the; theory that when all things are
held collectively the bonds themselves would be re
pudiated and destroyed and money would cease to be,
for there would be no further use for capital.
The Call, as the original and. for some time only
newspaper opponent of the proposition, is gratified
by the indorsement it has received. Our position that
bonds issued for public utilities of any kind shall rest
only on the plant to be created by. them is utterly un
assailable as a business proposition." In no other way
can the people have any assurance of an. honest and
businesslike administration of lines that have here-'
tofore been considered best left to private skill and
enterprise. The friends of public ownership contin
ually point to the profits and success of suchi enter
prises in private management as a reason why they
should be taken over to public ownership. "Surely it
is a reprehensible blindness to the facts that leads
them at the same time to reject the system under
which such success has been attained. How can a
city hope for the same success by. inextricably mixing
politics and business? • "—..,,.,,. . .-.-.. . ..•¦'••
It was not lost- upon wise observers that nearly
every old predatory politician in the city was in favor
of such a mix by making the bonds a lien upon the
taxpayer. Every politician that has tarred his hand
and thrust it into the treasury and drawn it out with
coin sticking to it was loud in advocacy of mixing
the- politics of city administration with the business
cf building and running a street railroad. If other
public. utility propositions are .submitted the same
men will be loudly in favor of the same plan. In the
future as in the past our advice to the taxpayers will
be to make all public utility bonds a lien only on the
plant they, create, leaving the general fund free for
use in promoting the essential purposes of govern
ment and putting no more burdens on the taxpayer.
If a public utility now pays in private ownership it
will pay also in public ownership, if that be the ob
ject of such ownership,! only when compelled to bear
its own cost and-the expense of its management. If
it will not pay it should be left in private hands and
not have its deficits put upon the taxpayer and con
cealed in the general levy.
CALIFORNIA'S.
COUNTIES HOLD
MANY MINERALS
SUPREME COURT
EXPLAINS LAWS
TO AUDITOR
COURT RULES
AGAINST COUNTY
CLERK MAHONY
in_ioo3 as were constructed in the same length of time
in r 1899. The Herald "calls 'attention jtoj the strides of
the city asj indicated by the returns for the month of
September just closed: V It says'in partr
'•: "September has shown what"- strides , Los • Angeles
is making in the matter of construction^ -During the
month 633 permits were issued, calling fdr ah expendi
ture of $1,147,965. With the* exception, of January,
1903, this is the next largest month in local building
statistics. " This total -* is "divided ? into • 5^6 permits,
valued- at $1,091,110, for new buildings; stables,, ¦ etc.,
and 107 permits, valued at $56,855^' for additions and
"alterations. This is a record-thairhas started the fall
campaign and more buildings are contemplated."
By looking backward over, the array of^ the" Her
ald's figures the significant,, fact will be made clear
that the total for September,' 1903, comes within
$300,000, in round figures, of the tbtalfor nine months
in 1809 and is close to half the total for the entire nine
months two years later, namely in- 1901. •' - •
There is room in • California for many large cities.
The growth of;' San, Francisco inj' the', past' two ' years
has been phenomenal.' • Steel and brick and stone con
structions representing large -expenditures'- in ; many
individual instances ¦collectively"; illustrate' the" more
ambitious ideas that' have been adopted in .the matter
of business buildings* and other 'structures that have
become common in many neighborhoods.. Through
out the . length'ahd breadth of the State. the blood of
the sluggish has been stirred in contemplation the
works and structures of various kinds that have been
instituted by the more, enterprising; : ' ; • • 4 . • I \. ¦..•
ThVbuild'ing'^oonijin Los Angeles has .been' at
tended ' with conditions', similar, th' those in. this city.
The price of eligible business properties has '¦ ad
vanced and the owners, 'seeing that 'the growth of the
city must J)e large, have held out lor. their own'fig
ures. This has retarded somewhat and has tended to
make the market for real estate less brisk. The Los
Angeles people believe in itheir 'city with, a.'.sturdiness
th3t is at. once ; a icause and an augury for- municipal
expansion.' %v, *'"-.¦.' '.?} ."'.."..' '"'.[ ,'".'¦]'¦¦?¦
THE GEARY-STREET BONDS
THE SAN FRA^CISCQ CALL,, 10, 1903,
Opals of marked commercial value have been
discovered in the Funeral Mountains. ; which tower
gloomily above "Death Valley. " What' better place in
which to seek fcr the hoodoo jewels could have been
chosen? It is enough td make the spines of the su-'
peritilious rattle in horror in their, flesh.
6
%':', ¦ : . ADVERTISEMENTS. /
1 iriii
BYTHEMANTHATWPOTE
':: There have been many excellent stories of love
|and intrigue^ but hot one otthOTai equals The Grey
Gloak in(dej)th of fascination— The N.y. American.
Yes, ,the«t>ook is a success— entertaining, adventur-
; ous,;crowded with incident, full of the unexpected.—
xi wii 2 ' TKe Syracuse Post-Standard.
TMK ¦ ' O>>^"*"^C°^ P*WY, WV BLUM E WS.NASHVILLE'S MAYOR ELECT
ED PRESIDENT OF LEAGUE
OF MUNICIPALITIES.
Snippers Are Promised Better Rates.
ca.> Just, uct. s.— The Southern Pa
cific announces that an agreement has
V«-en reached whereby through rates on
California products will be put into the
southeastern territory, that Is, the terri
tory Kouth cf the Ohio River and east of
the Mississippi River, very soon. The
withdrawal of the old rates caused by
the action of the Southeastern lines in de
clining to accept thtir o!d proportion of
the rates from California handworked a I
hardship to shippers here and to consum
er* in that territory. It is thought that
4he adjustment v J!l involve rates very
little higher than the rates applying to
ether terrltorle*. * j
Hobert C. Mitchell, general manager of
ibe New York Life Insurance Company,
was an interested pp^ctator in court. He
said that shortly before Baird was ar
rested he came Ir.'.o a saloon a few doors
below the Rues House, where Mitchell
and a few friends were having a quiet
chat. Ba!rd approached Mitchell, who
was a stranger to lilm. and asked h!ni to
have a drink. Mitchell declined and Baird
retorted: "Yes, you will." and pulling a
revolver out of his pocket placed the muz
r.ie against Mitchell's abdomen. Mitchell
then said: "Well, if you put It that way.
I gu»-5s I will, as I begin to feel thirsty."
This pacified Eaird and after a few min
ute* he left the saloon. •
Miles T. Eaird, the wealthy youns man
about town, who fired a shot through the
sw5r.girjs door of the Rues House bar on
Thursday night and was arrested on
charges cf discharging firearms within
the city limits and carrying a concealed
weapon, appeared before Police Judge
Fritz yesterday. At the request of the de
fendant the cases were continued till
October 13.
BAIRD COMPELS PROMINENT
INSURANCE STAN TO DRINK
Enforces His Command by. Pressing
a Revolver Against Victim's
Abdomen.
3cnes disappeared shortly afterward. It
•was contended at the time that the fail
'ure of tha executrix to Qualify on the
first bond Invalidated the second bond
and that cons«-cuently the. banks would
be held responsible for paying over the
money. It is aaid that the case is in a
fair way toward settlement and Jones
expects to be able to return without mo
lestation and again take up the practice
cf his rreffysior:.
Michael Mooney died in 1S00, leaving an
estate consisting of $14,000 in cash to his
daughter, Mrs. Mary Xoian of Philadel
'phla. and cutting off his sisters and broth
ers with $1 tach. A Mrs. Boyd was named
as administratrix, but she died before
she could- enter upon her duties. Mrs.
Ann McNamara, a sifter of the decedent,
was then api>cinted executrix with bonds
fixed at I30.0UQ. £he failed to qualify on
th* first bond, and on motion of Attorney
Jones the amount was reduced to $4900.
in Tvhich sum she qualified. The court
also issued an order directing that $12,000
belonging to the estate be withdrawn from
the Hibtrnia Savings and Loan Society,
trre San Francisco Savings Union and the
•Columbian Banking Company and depos
ited with the California Safe Deposit
Company, as trustee. Jones withdrew
this money under a power of attorney,
but it is alleged he failed to deposit it
.with the California Safe Deposit Cora
jany.
Hu Jones, the well known lawyer, whose
6udden disappearance three or four
months ago brought to light the fact
that there existed a ehortage of about
S12.OO0 in the Mooney estate, for which
he was the attorney, returned to San
Francisco the early part of this week
and er>ent several days here. He left
egaln last Thursday, according to his
wife, but is expected back again in two
c>r three weeks, and it is stated that the
financial difficulties in whiph he involved
himself will have been satisfactorily set
tled bv that time.
ATTORIfE-y HTJ JONES
RETURNS TO THE CITY
Well - Known Lawyer, Who Disap
peared Leaving Shortage, Expects
to Settle It Satisfactorily.
The Bushnell Photo Company, a cor
poration, will In the future conduct the
four galleries operated by the late F.
W. BushnelL The company was in
corporated yesterday for 5100,000 with the
following directors: H. Page, S. T. Bern
hard, L. F. Terkelson, Mary McNamara
and Ella McDonald. An order fo"r the
sale of the galleries to the corporation
for $37,500 was made yesterday by Judge
Troutt.
Bushnell's Galleries Sold.
STOCKTON. Oct. 0.— Rev. Father John
Cook, chaplain of the Christian Brothers,
with headquarters at Martinez and for
many years a priest of much prominence
on the Pacific Coast, died to-day at St.
Joseph's Home in this city. He was 75
years of age and a native of Ireland.
The funeral will be held Monday morning
and the Interment will be in San Joaquin
Cemetery.
Death of a Distinguished Priest.
Thomas Mahony, 1147Vi Howard street,
who was convicted of battery by Police
Judge Fritz, was sentenced yesterday to
pay a fine of $100, wlj.h the alternative of
100 days in the County Jail. Otto Lemcke,
a deputy sheriff, went to Mahony's house
on October 2 to serve a summons and
Mahony beat him 1 . The Judge said he
¦wanted to make an example as a warning
to men who assault peace officers in Che
execution of duty.
Attacked a Deputy Sheriff.
President, Mayor H. Head, Nash
ville, Tenn.; first vice president, Mayor
Crollus of Jollet, 111.: second vice presi
dent. Mayor Maybury, Detroit; secretary,
John MacVicker, Des Molnes, Iowa; treas
urer William D. \Morgan, Georgetown,
S. C. East St. Louis, 111., was selected
as the next place of meeting.
¦p-^w ALTIMORD, Oct. ».— At the con
,_2/ elusion of the League of Amerl
j\ can Municipalities to-day the
' ' following officers were elected:
The fight in the courts between the
rival beauty doctors, M. Ella Harris and
Leon Williams, has resulted In a prelimin
ary victory for the male' manipulator of
wrinkles and blemishes. Yesterday Police
Judge Cabanlss dismissed the charge of
criminal libel brought by Mrs. Harris
against Williams. The alleged libel was
contained in a circular Issued by Williams
which contained a testimonial from Mrs.
Thatcher to the effect that Mrs. Harris
had by her treatment made her face
worse and that Williams had by his treat
ment enhanced her beauty.
The Judge said that there had been no
impeachment In the circular of the hon
esty, integrity or virtue of the complain
ing -witness or anything to impair her
reputation, but there was only a ten
dency to injure her in her calling and her
remedy would be in the civil courts. There
v.as liothinff In the record to Justify the
conclusion that .Mrs. Thatcher's beauty
had been marred, and Mrs.JIarris was not
responslblt for her condition. The Judge
was satisfied that the "before" and
"after" j.hotcrraphs of Mrs. Thatcher had
been tampered with.
MALE BEAUTY DOCTOR
SCORES FIRST POINT
President of League of Muni
cipalities Chosen at
Baltimore.
A remarkable breach of promise suit
for the sum of $50,000 was filed at the
County Clerk's office yesterday afternoon
in behalf of Lavlna G. -Brown. The.de
fendant is F. H. Brown. The parties to
the suit were husband and wife until last
April, when the woman secured a divorce
from her husband on the ground of deser
tion. The custody of their two children
was awarded to her.
The divorce was granted April 3 and In
her complaint Mrs. Brown alleges that
on the same day her erstwhile husband
promised to wed her again. It Is declared
that they have lived as husband and -wife
until three weeks ago, when Brown be
came ill and was taken to St. Thomas
Hospital.
Back of it all is a peculiar story. It Is
alleged that Brown's marriage was deem
ed unfortunate by his father, a capitalist
of Kureka. and by his two sisters. It is
said that the son was Informed that he
could never get anything from the father
unless the former should secure a divorce.
The divorce was granted in April, Brown
8r. died In June and the son inherited
approximately (63,000.
Young Brown showed no intention of
remarrying: after the father waa laid
away and his former wife became Im
patient. The sisters came and talked
with the young man. but he remained
with Mrs. Brown and his children until
he became ill. It is alleged that he then
told his former wife that he could not
marry again. The breach of promise suit
is the result.
Brown pays $20 a month for the support
of the children. Mrs. Brown resides at
112 Fourth street. She will be represented
in the prospective litigation by Attorney
Robert D. Duke.
Robbers Captured in Courthouse.
SCOTLAND, N. D., Oct. 9.— Robbers
entered the Courthouse last night at Oli
vet, but were surprised before they suc
ceeded In opening the safe. One was cap
tured, and says he is from Sioux City,
and that three men were concerned In the
robbery. One of those who escaped was
wounded.
Stanford Becelves Valuable Gift.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 9.— A
rare and valuable collection of more than
10,000 specimens of Pacific Coast insects
has been added to the entomology de
partment of Stanford. The collection is
the gift of Professor Carl F. Baker of
Pomona College, and was gathered by
him in California, Nevada and Nicaragua.
A change of climate Is often prescribed
by advanced physicians for a woman's
health. A change of stoves to the gas
range will often accomplish the same re
sults. Buy yours from the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company. •
Mrs. Lauricella told her story on the
witness stand with some emotion. She
testified that she went to Costa's home
to take rare of his children and to at
tend to the household duties, Including
the cooking. She had never received any
compensation for her services, but Costa
entered into an agreement with her in
JSS7 that she was to have the free use of
the house during her lifetime and that in
the event of his death the propertj>**hould
go to her.
On February 1, 1903, Mrs. Lauricella tes
tified, Costa, on her agreement to marry
him, promised to give her the home In
consideration of love and affection. MrB.
Lauricella claims that she was willing at
any time to marry Costa, but he has re
fused to abide by his agreement.
The argument of the attorneys was sub
mitted on briefs, and after Judge Lawson
has Inquired into the authorities he will
render his decision.
Justice of the Peace LawBon notified
the attorneys in. the suit of Pedro Costa
against Mrs. Antonla I^aurlcella that he
would render his decision in the case next
Monday. The trial of the Bult, which has
been srolng on for some days, developed
quite an element of romance among two
members of ths local Italian colony.
Costa, who is a fisherman, sued Mrs.
Lauricella for possession of the prem
ises at 403 Greenwich street. His testi
mony was mainly to the effect that the
defendant' refused to vacate the premises,
although he had repeatedly requested her
to do so.
Mrs. Traverse says *her husband's in
come ranges from $175 to $300 a month
and she asks the court to compel him to
pay her alimony. She also claims that
when she married him she had about
32)00. and eays that he has spent it.
Al Berthler, the well-kr.own politician
and who was at one time County Re
corder here, S'ed suit yesterday for di
vorce for desertion. His wife's name is
Francesca F. Berthier. They were mar
ried In 1SS7. Suits for divorce for deser
tion were also filed by An;:Ie O'Connor
against J>anlel O'Connor, John Watrin
against Helena Paulina Watrin. and
Francois Moussegne against Catherine
Mousscgne. Neglect is charged in the
eults filed by Mary A. Moore against Jo
eeph A. Moore, and Albertine Smith
against G. L. A. Smith. In the suits of
Lois Olds Cowan against McCiure Cowan,
and Ruth Delaney agrainst Peter De
laney cruelty is charged. Victoria Boyce
wants a divorce from James W. Boyce
for lntemperar.ee.
The suit for divorce filed by Alma Keith
against Joseph H- Keith has been dis
missed. The dismissal was filed by the
plaintiff, who is the well-known milliner.
James Swain was granted a divorce on
a cross-complaint from Ray Swain by
Judge Troutt for Infidelity. The action
was commenced by Mrs. Swain on the
ground of cruelty.
They came to this dty the year follow
ing their marriage. Dr. Tra verso Is
x dermatologist, located et 1170 Marltot
street. The ecta of cruelty specified In
Mrs. Traverse's complaint are alleged to
have occurred there. She says that, not
'.Yltnst&ndlng her health was not of ths
fcer nasband compelled her to assist
him la bis onerailcr-s, threatening that
unless the <lid so he would not support
her. Her eyesight, she says, was rulacd
b«cau»a of tho work sbe had to do and
her general health so affected that she
becaae almost a chronic invalid. She
avers also that the doctor refused to al
low her any freedom and ordered her to
remain In her room. He would tear her
hat off her h<?«d, she alleges, when she
attempted to go out, a.-d frequently tore
her clothes o2t her. He would refuse her
money, even carfare, she says, and even
claimed the right to scrutinize her pri
vate mail. She pays ehe could not re
ceive a letter nor mall one unless he had
read it first.
Ix>ls A. G. Traverse, who was married
to X)r. Alfred W. Traverse at Grand
RtplAs, lllrh., Juae », 1338, left her hus
band In this city last July. Yesterday
sto comiae3c«d &n action for divorce, al
loglag that she \ra.s coaajxiUed to leave
because of fcls cruel and Inhuman
'.rcatxaest of her.
Arthur a Williams, a retired officer of
the United States navy. Is the defendant
In a suit for maintenance filed by his
wife. Alice Williams. She filed the suit
Tuesday, end yesterday she filed an af
fidavit !n which she avers that she has
been abandoned In a heartle33 and cruel
manner by her husband. The affidavit Is
filed la connection with a motion that
Williams be summoned by publication to
appear and defend himself against her
charges.
According to the affidavit, Mr. and Mrs.
Williams were married at Oakland In
1901. They established a home there, Wil
liams and his wife and her daughter by
a former marriage. After a few months
they went to a summer resort at Syl
vandale, where they remained for some
time. Then Mrs. Williams and her daugh
ter came to this city to select a home,
which they were to occupy at the close
of the summer season. Williams re
mained behind, the understanding being
that he should follow his wife and step
daughter within a few days. After her
arrival here Mrs. Williams received a
letter from her husband In which he stat
ed that he had received word from his
former home in North Carolina that his
mother was dangerously ill and that he
was about to leave for there In order to
?t-e her before she p&ssed away. He
would not be absent for more than two
weeks, he said In bis letter.
The two weeks passed and Mrs. Wil
liams received no further word from her
spouse. Fearing that something had hap
pened to him, she wrote to his former
home. Her letters wete returned un
opened. Then she communicated with of
ficials there and much to her surprise
learned that her husband's mother had
not been ill and that no evidence of his
whereabouts could be obtained, .this oc
curred last July, and since then Mrs. Wil
liams has been making a search for her
absent spouse, striving her best to drive
from her mind the suspicion that she had
been heartlessly abandoned.
Finally she learned that her husband
was in Tacoma; that he had gone there
from Sylvandale. Armed with this
knowledge, she instituted the proceedings
to compel him to support her. His pen
sion is $112 a month, and she asks the
court to award her $40 of this amount.
Sues for Divorce Because
She Claims He Makes
Her Help Him.
His Wifo Appeals to Court
to Compel Him to
Support Her.
Judge Lawson Hears Case In
volving Possession of
Premises.
Couple Secure Divorce and
Are Engaged Again on
Same Day.
Mrs. Lauricella Defends
Suit Brought by Pedro
Arthur S. Williams, a
Pensioner, Is Charged
With Desertion,
Wife of Dr. A. W. Tra
verse Objects to Being
His Assistant.
Mrs. Brown Brings Suit
for Breach of Mar
riage Promise.
WANTS $50.000
FROM EX-SPOUSE
SUES RETIRED
NAVAL OFFICER
SAYS HE BROKE
PROMISE TO WED
SURGICAL WORK
MAKES HER ILL
THE 6AN FBANO1SCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1903.
HONOR IS WON
BY THE MAYOR
OF NASHVILLE
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i ECONOMICAL!:
> u s e !;
i (
iiWaiterBakersJ
!j Cocoa and Chocolate":
i ( i
!' Because they yield T H E<!
JMOST and BEST FOR!;
|!t H E M O N E .y!|
• - i 1
<J The Finest Cocoa in the World j!
j! Ccsts less than One Cent a Cup! |
< Our Choice Redpe Book, sent. free, win t«n you I
( how to m»ke Fudge and * grtmt variety of dainty |
I ' dlsbea from oar Cocoa and Chocolate. ' l
!;
«| Walter Baker & Co. Ltd.;!
< , £f t* iu sn id 1780 , >
S DORCHESTER, MASS. l|
< AA HIGHEST AWARDS I H !'
I, 4U EUROPE AND AMERICA ,'
IALLONBY
A NEW CLUETT TAB
IN QUARTER SEES— AT
YOUR FURNISHERS.
CLUETT, PEABODY A CO.
"I Can't Go
I've such a terrible headache," need
never be said again. Dr. Miles* Anti-
Pain Pills quickly cure and positively
prevent headache and all bodily pain.
Ko opiittt*. uon-lnxutlve. never tolcflu bulk.
Guaranteed. All dru'kirUtv 25d<vts23cenis.
1)8. Miles Medical Co.. Elkbart. Ind.
' "I AMUSEMENTS.
Ingleside
Coursing
Park.
112
..DOG..
Open Stake
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
Oct. 10 and 11.
First run-down on Saturday, beginning at
11:30 a. m. sharp. Sunday coursing will begin
at 10:30 stjarp and continue till last winning
flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES— $960.00
All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERNEY. Judge.
EDWARD SHORTSTAQ. 811pp«.
GRAND 8S c u3t
MATINEE TO-DAY
.—LAST NIGHT—.
JAMES NEILL
In the Dramatic Sensation of the City,
UNDER TWO FLAGS
Edytne Chapman as Cigarette.
PRICES— Evenings 15c. 23c. 5Oc, 73c
Matinees 15c. 23c. 60c
BEGINNING T0-M0RR0W MATINEE.
- THE BURLESQUE EXTRAVAGANZA.
C !• S O P A T S A— j
150 — Children In the Production — 150
COULD NOT BE OTHERWISE— Packed
every night. Everybody comes to see
The Paraders I
This is what the press says:
Chronicle — "The management spread Itself
on the production."
Call — "Broke the record for success."
Examiner — "Brought out the company."
Bulletin — "As good as the best; better than
the rest."
Post — "Good from first to last."
OUR "ALL STAR" CAST:
Kolb and Dill.
Barney Bernard. Winfleld Blake.
Maude Amber. Harry Hermsen.
Eleanor Jenkins. Etc.. Etc.
FISCHER AND "WACKER,
LARKINS AND PATTERSON
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE "MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.*
Lion Slaying Baboon in the Zoo.
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 5c
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
Palace dont fail to
IdldLG 8ee beantifa i
j COURT Lounging
fiflfl room, the EMPIRE
auu , PARLOR, tho
n « PALM ROOM, the
lirSflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
n A i A i DIES* WRITING
Hotels r ° om -
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Prica Lists Mailad
on Application.
FBESH A2TD SALT KEATS.
I AC PftVCC £ m Shipping Butcher*. lOi
JAb. DUlfcj tt IU. gay: TtL Main U34.
OTT,3.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD A ELUS.
418 F*tmt »t.. S. F. Fbona Main ma.
psxjxxura.
E. C. HUGHES, Bit Bansotn* sfc. «. T,
WEEKLY CA1L, S1.00 PEB YEAR.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI:SS5&
NOTE— Performances begin at 8 tharp; Sat-
urday matinee at 2 sharp.
To-day's Matinee and Sunday Night.
Verdi"* MagniScent Op«ra.
"OTELLO."
Txvnljht. Last Performance of Puccini's
Great Modern Work.
"LA BOHEME."
Next Week- "MIGNOIM," "CAVALLERIA"
an1 -PAGLIACCI."
PRICES ALWAYS THE SAME— 25c. 60o, T5c
Telephone Bush 0.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. October 10.
Parquet, any seat. 23c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, lOo.
......RADIANT VAUDEVILLE......
Clayton White and Marie Stuart
. Company; Pantzex Trio; Oolden
Gate Quartet and Fanny Winfred
and new Motion Pictures. Last
times of Arthur Cunningham;
Myles McCarthy, assisted by Aida
Wool cot t; the great Alexius; Carle-
ton and Terre and Paulo and Dika.
COLUmBIA IEADISQ THEATK
MATINEE TO-DAY
• TO-NIGHT. SUNDAY NIGHT.
Next Monday,
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
John C. Fisher and Thomas W. Ryley Present
THE WORLD'S MUSICAL HIT,
FLORODORA
With the Number One New York Company.
GREAT BEAUTY SEXTETTE.
October 10— ROBERT EDESON IS
"SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE."
fAurorun/TI
J LAST TIME TO-NIGHT. l^"^
F I MATINEE TO-DAY. '•* "
The Win. H. West Big Minstrel Jubilee
TO-UOSXOW
ED GARVIE as
MR. JOLLY OF JOLIET
Tl Broadhurst's Latest Musical (
t Farce B"*
j^A GREAT LAUGHING HIT. J A^
HTtvCTKul
BELASCO & MAYER. ProDrletors.
Market St.. Near Eltthth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Tremendous Success of
L. R. STOCKWELL.
First Time at Popular Prices In Du Souchefs
Greatest Comedy,
My Friend From India.
nnirCC Evenings .....10c to BOo
rKltCJ Matinees 10c. 13c. 23c
Week of October 12— - 'A MIDNIGHT BELL-'|
a Y f\ A rT A "T^Belapco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR £WpV&
General Manager.
MAT. TO-DAY— TONIGHT— LAST WEEK.
The Distinguished Actress,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Belosco's Dramatic Triumph.
Evg., 25c to 75c; Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 15c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY^Opeiiog of tti
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
With ADELE BLOCK. JAMES DURKIN.
FRANCES STARR and JOHN B. MAHEIi.
First Time Here of Plnero's Comedy Drama,
LADY BOUNTIFUL
SEATS NOW SELLING.
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3 P.. M-; SAT-
URDAY.. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. LOS ANGELES
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND. FRIDAY.
Advance Sale, S Stockton St.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. :
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS b BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market *t.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
ADVEBTISZMZCTTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must bear
Fac-simile Signature of/^w^^
>^^j||$|®r Absolute^ CureP?>S| 1 H U tin Lbsa
SICK HEADACHE. WM | \f S? IS
4%£&\¥\ TORPID LIVER. p|?| ¦ W La lX
/jflmS \JJ FURRED TONGUE.|||g ra^a H H |f%
ffiffl M INDIGESTION. piPaLLSji
'U LJ cqnst|pat|Qn mm
sallow skin ¦^raffl™^8BSHMraw
Thty TOUCH the L. I V E R ' 'tan w£
Genuine Wrapper Printed on 0 t ~*
. . ADVERTISEMENTS.
— — ¦
IFOR FASHION'S LATEST FADS FOR BRIGHTEST FICTION
What is being made abroad is told in our letter, from London The clevereft <U>ry writers ass& in making The Delineator*.
and Paris, and what U to be worn here this Winter is fully pages entertaining, j In November. Lilhe Hamilton French tclk
pidured and described in detail. Many pages are devoted to <>f * An interrupted^Honeymoon ; Minna C Smith of The
Uluftrations of fashionable hats, creations of the besl houses, and L>"I« Mail Carner ; William MacLeod Rarne of An Un-
the neweft dress fabrics, trimmings and accessories. The Dr«s- premeditated Engagement ; >a nd then the senal ftory. The
making and Needlework departments are invaluable to the woman Evolution of a Club Woman, about which everybody u talking, .
who'would be well gowned. B «»unued.
FOR HOUSEHOLD HELPS FOR WOMAN'S SOCIAL DOINGS
I ..ft t 1 1 1 1 i «• • • "¦'¦"•' ' r r- '""'il : .J. Woman's clubs, her entertainments, her obligations to society,
| Household Help, b a tnteexpression. Far fron tnte are Tariou> Rightfully treated from various
I the helps continually offered in The Delineator by able wnten y^ ew j^ r * '
1 v.ho suggeft new thoughts in cooking, happy arrangements in . ™
U furmshiEff and short cuts in all branches of housekeeDtnc.
| turmsning and short cut, » ali branches o» bou^eepmg. ?QR ATTRACT , VE ILLUSTRATIONS
For Children s Stories and Pastimes /f /f / J sf2 &./? ' **/^
/fo^r 46f* rtfos sdt&CtC&ltezZ The world*, best flluftrator. make the Delineator*, pages at-
*/ ! w,:^ •*" - ¦- ¦' tractive. The second of J. C. Hemment*. remarkable photo-
The Delineator*, juvenile stories can really be enjoyed by graphic articles, an uncommon ftory of Mr. Hemment. un-
children who read or are read to. The many suggestions offered common doings, is in the November number, and the work of
keep little bands amusingly occupied, and teach while they- Guerin, Rotemneyer, Keller, Ashe, Lowell, Aylward, Leyen-
amuse. decker and Eaton appears monthly.
Of your newsdealer or any Butterick a^ent, or of the publishers, at 15 cents a copy. $1.00 for an entire year
I t THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COMPANY, LTD.. 17 Wot Thirteenth Street, New York
I T"'T%T^T"' A beautiful black and white miniature reproduction of a 50-cent (25 cents to subscribers) four-sheet calendar.
i H 11 T* V* Printed in colors, artistically mounted. representinK BABYHOOD. CHILDHOOD. GIRLHOOD and MOTHER-
I JL lVLi JL* HOOD, will be sent freetoany one writing a postal for it and mentioning this paper. Write to-day. .
> Subscriptions to The Delineator can be handed in at any of the following Butterick Agencies in this city:
The Butterick Publishing Co. (Ltd.), 201 Post street. ~ W. C. Hays, 1303 Pclk street.
The Emporium. D. Lindner, 1730 Devisadero street.
Weinstock, Lubin & Co., Grant avenue and Geary street. Schoenholz Bros. & Co., 2011-2013 Fillmore street.
I. S. Cohn, 145 Sixth street. .'.,... F. L. Waibel, 3035 Sixteenth street.
J. W. Eaton, 639 McAllister street. Oscar Waibel, 2526 Mission street
S. M. Cohn & Bro., 1305 Stockton street. • .DUCKS WILL FALL BEFORE SPORTSMEN
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 30. 1903
. Russia takes nearly half the agricultur
al machinery ¦ that the United States ex
ports. • ¦ .
It had been shown that no service had
been made upon Rev. Father Caraher and
therefore he could not be rightfully ac
cused of contempt.
Judge Cook yesterday handed down hi*
decision on the contempt proceedings
against ¦ Chief of Police Wittman and
Rev. Terence Caraher for violating the
interlocutory injunction Issued by the
Judge in connection with the premises at
1129 Dupont street occupied by Jean Pon.
The accused were purged of contempt.
Thfc Judge nald that Chief Wittman had
averred that the District Attorney had
advised him that the injunction did not
cover all the premises at 1123 Dupont
street, otherwise he would not have vio
lated It. The Judge was satisfied that
the mistake of the Chief had been honest
ly made.
Chief Wittman and Rev. Father Cara
her Are Both Purged of
Contempt.
VIOI*ATION OF INJUNCTION
IS MADE UNDER MISTAKE
Early in the week the members of the
Ariel Rowing Club held a meeting, at
which the committee charged with the
construction of the new boathouse report
ed. The design and cost of the proposed
quarters are satisfactory and it is prob
able that work will be begun before the
end of this month.
small space was set aside, as it was not
expected that It would Increase sp rapidly
In popularity. *,
W r . B. Hlnchrnan, president of the Pa
cific Association of the Amateur Athletic
Union, has appointed E. J. Lynch, the
well-known oarsman, commissioner, on
rowing for the coming year. The duties
of the commissioner are to keep himself
informed on rowing matters and to make
suggestions that may tend to promote the
sport and to Increase the interest felt In
It by athletes and the public. This the
new racing commissioner Is well fitted to
do, as he has a large acquaintance with
people other than oarsmen and has him
self long been a well, known member of
the Ariel Rowing Club.
On Sunday, the ISth inst., the Ala
meda Boating Club will hold races on
Oakland Creek, beginning at 10:30 a. m.,
for its members in barges and outrigged
skiffs. The object of the club regatta is
to revive the interest in rowing, which has
been slack during the present season, es
pecially since the Independence day re
gatta on Lake Merritt, when .nearly all
the first prizes fell to the sturdy oarsmen
of San Antonio estuary.
struction of Their New Boat-
House This Month.
Ariel Oarsmen Expect to Begin Con-
ALAMEDA BOAT CLUB
WILL HOLD REGATTA
BERKELEY, Oct. 9.— Coach "Jim"
Whipple feels hurt at the way the
California varsity football men are
acting toward the game this year. In the
indifference the men show he sees ap
proaching disaster and he begs leave to
inform all persons interested that it will
be the players' fault if something dire
happens. Here is what the coach says
about the attitude of the team:
"I have never seen the varsity mf n dis
play such Indifference in their playing as
this yrar. In other years it has been a
fight for a place on the team from the
drop of the hat. Now they all take it
easy, probably because most of them
think their position is certain.
"Every man on the team is guilty of
this apathy.' The linemen do not seem
to care whether they break up a play be
fore It is started and the backs are slow
at starting. The second eleven and fresh
men show much more spirit and aggres
siveness than the varsity.
"The trouble with the varsity seems to
be there is too little competition and too
much confidence about winning the Inter
collegiate game. There are only one or
two places on the line for which there is
any contest and naturally the men who
have the places "cinched" don't care
much whether they break up a line or
not. Overcor.fldenec plays Its part In the
apathetic deportment of the men. too,
and the feeling that the intercollegiate
game is already won is having its effect."
The playing of the varsity this week
tends to corroborate Coach Whipple. It
is certain the team Is not making as many
gains agair.3t the second eleven as it
should. Such an aggregation of stars and
well-seasoned mm as the varsity eleven
contains should be able to blow the sec
ond e'.even off the field, but it doesn't.
It even has a hard time to hold* its own.
Most of last week's wounded got back
Into the fold again this week. Overall.
Stern. Boynton and Hudson have all re
covered and will play in the game to-day
against Reliance. "Johnny" More has ac
quired a lame leg, but It may not hurt
as much as he thinks when the same is
called this afternoon. The 51-0 game
against the Naval School last Saturday
did not do the varsity any good, as it
was too easy, but to-day will make up for
it. The line-up will probably be as fol
i lows:
Stow, center; Overall, right guard;
Stow, left guard; Hettmuller, right tackle;
Howard, left tackle; Hudson, right end;
Demeritt, left end; Graves, Muther, Ris
ley, Snedigar or Whipple, halfbacks;
Gearj'. quarter; Boynton or More, full
back.
The freshman team did exceptionally
well In the only game it played this week,
against Santa Clara. The latter sent a
team to Berkeley as fully equipped with
heavy men, brains and good coaching as
the freshmen, but could make no perma
nent gains. The freshmen held them on
the line and when they settled down to
business in the second half mowed that
red and white line down as easily as hay.
If the freshmen hadn't been weakened by
the withdrawal of all their best men in
the second half Santa Clara would not
have threatened the way she did toward
the end.
Kerns does most of the ground gaining
for the freshmen and if there were one
or two more backs like him there would
be no doubt about the intercollegiate
game. Kerns always hits the line hard
and the best of It is he knows just where
to hit It. McGinness has developed into a
good fighting end for the short time he
has been in the game and -is likely to
make the team. Gabriel is doing the right
thing as fullback and will be given a
place. The coaches arc trying so many
men for the other places and their talents
as so diversified that there Is no telling
which will be chosen. Prom the way
things are going in the freshman team
just now it seems Stanford is goin* to
hi.ve th'. hardest kind -of a time to win.
Players Are Indifferent, Feeling Assured of
Their Positions on the Team.
pTANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 9. —
The freshman team is the center of
O the interest on the Stanford gridiron
at present. Out of what sfemed at the
first of the season an abundance of first
class material the coaches have not been
e Me to develop a team that can defeat
a "prep" school eleven.
The youngsters have played two games
•with the Palo Alto Athletic Club eleven—
an organization composed largely of
Talo Alto High School players— and one
with the Belmont School team and a se
ries cf three 5traight defeats resulted.
Not oniy were the '07 players beaten but
they were cleverly outclassed at nearly
every point of the game.
Apparently the coaches have a goodly
number of clever individual player?, but
v.-tien eleven of them are together there is
a noticeable lack of unity and strength of
ection. One difficulty seems to be that
the line men are rather light for their
positions. The backs, on the contrary,
are sufficiently heavy for a first-year
team and play an aggressive game.
Krrshman Stott. at quarterback, has
proved almost the equal of Captain Bans
bach at his position, and can be counted
on to do his share, not only as field gen
eral but also In the routine work of the
game. At catching and running In punt*
he is perhaps as clever a man as there
is on the gridiron, not excluding the
varsity candidate*.
BIjt "Jim" Woller has been moved from
tackle position back to fullback and is
putting up a strong game in his new posi
tion. He ha«= the fault of not going low
enough, however, when he trucks the line.
If he does not succeed In overcoming the
tendency to hit the line "straight up" he
cannot hope to i>rove effective as a full
back. Young Do!?, the freshman brother
of Varsity Halfback "Savage" Dole,
F«-eras to have a "cinch" on one of the
halfback positions on the freshman
eleven. He is good at carrying the ball
and his ability to boot it will certainly
earn him a place on the *07 team. Stephen
eon, who has played fullback for the
freshmen during the greater part of the
season, is perhaps the grittiest and most
aggressive man among the youngsters,
but he Is light in weight for the position.
The fight for the other half will prob
ably narrow down to Brennan, Packard
snd Laumeister. with the men arranged
in the order of their chances for the po
sition. However, places on football
elevens are not infrequently won in the
last week's practice, and It is difficult to
prognosticate as to what the exact per
sonnel of the eleven will be when It
faces the Berkeley freshmen In San Fran
cisco a week from to-morrow.
The coaches— particularly Head Coach
Lanagan— are devoting the major part of
their time to the varsity squad, and the
results that their unremitting efforts are
bringing are extremely gratifying to the
rooters. Fumbling is a rarity these days.
¦ r.d when a ball does happen to be fum
bled the entire eleven players make a
dive for it. This results from the fact
that Lanagan has laid more stress on this
point of Tailing on a fumbled ball than
or any other thing In the game.
The men are playing the hardest kind
of ball, and yet there is hardly an In
jured man on the field— a fact that speaks
well for the physical condition they are
In. Rivalry among the candidates Is ex
tiemely keen, and every player is put
ting- forth his best efforts. About the only
r/ic-n who can be considered as fixtures on
the big eleven are Captain Bansbach at
quarter, Center Hauverman and Left
Tackle Sprott. That the fighting spirit
hat> been thoroughly Instilled In the
varsity men is evident from the deter
mined way in which they tore through
the heavy Reliance team last Saturday.
To-morrow the varsity will play Us sec
ond game with the Pcnsacola team from
Gcat Island. In the first contest the
r.aval apprentices were defeated by the
score of 17 to 0. The California varsity
ran np a total of SI to 0 against the sail
ers last Saturday. :" %ZV
Mueller to Captain Reliance.
The Reliance team, which will line up
against Berkeley on the University of
California campus this afternoon at 2:30,
will show pome changes in its formation.
Dave Atkinson has resigned the cap
taincy of the team and has been succeed
ed by George Mueller, the left halfback.
Booth, who played fullback on the Colum
bia College second eleven, will take At
kinson's place at fullback. Martin has
been injured and Goscben will not be able
to play to-day on account of business.
Magee will play left tackle and Wlttmer
end.
Alexander Hapan and John Moriarlty
were booked at the City Prison yesterday
on a charge of burglary. They were ar
rested by Corporal Egan and Policemen
Gibbons nnd Esola. They are accused of
stealing a ship's compass from ' the
schooner General Banning.
Say They Stole Ship's Compass.
Helbing Again Arrested.
Louis Helblr.g was arrested yesterday
en a warrant charging him with grand
larceny. The complaining witness is H.
E. Fleming. 1^33 Hayes street. Fleming
alleges that he and Helbing were part
ners in a tin rhop on Clayton street and
Helbing held a psper from Fleming that
he owned the property in pledge for the
amount due him. Helbing assigned his
rirfct to the property to his son and the
mattrr was taken Into court. Thomas C.
Wilson was appointed receiver by the
court and It Is alleged that Helbing on
October 7 stole a oouble cornice brake
machine and a pair of squaring shears, of
the aggregate value of J165. Some days
apo Helbing was arrested -on complaint
of Fleming for stealing lead pipe, but
Judge Cabanifs dismissed the case.
The Southern States have 27,000 saloons,
while New York has 34.000. * / ¦¦'. .-"¦
B. Kortlang, the Australian, expects to
leave for New York before the end of the
year and to play with one of the teams in
the Eastern States for two years. After
that he proposes to visit England and
then to return to his native . Australia.
With the possible exception of "Billy"
Robertson, also an Australian, of the old
Bohemian Cricket Club, B. Kortlang Is
the strongest all-round cricketer who has
resided in California during the last ten
or fifteen years.
The pennant emblematic of the cricket
championship of 1903 has been won by the
San Francisco County Club, which Is
clearly the strongest eleven in the State.
It is even doubtful whether an eleven
made up from all the rest of California
could make much headway against this
formidable team.
Although the regular schedule of
matches arranged by the California
Cricket Association 'for the season of
1903 was completed by the match played
last Sunday on the Alameda grounds be
tween the Pacific and San Francisco
County clubs, the cricketers are loth to
abandon their favorite game.
A match will be played to-morrow on
the grounds at Webster street. Alameda,
between the San Francisco County eleven
and a team drawn from the Alameda and
Pacific clubs and playing under the name
of the California Cricket Association.
The San Francisco County team will be
made up from Harold B. Richardson,
captain; E. G. Sioman, P. R. Johns. E. H.
Wilkes, T. J. A. Tledemann, H. Roberts,
H. Dlxon, B. Kortlang, E. J. Stratton, E.
Petersen, J. Stewart, T. Smith and T. J.
A. Tiedemann Jr.
The California Cricket Association team
will be madfe up as follows: Harold
Ward, F. J. Croll. F. Stahl, W. J. Rlch
ter. Dr. O. N. Taylor, A. W. Wilding. W.
Petherlck, D. Jamiecon, E. lL. Lannowe,
F. Bennion and H. D. Bowly, H. N.
Storrs or C. C. Y. Williamson.
Match Between Champions of 1903
and a California Association Team
to Be Played To-Morrow.
CRICKETERS RELUCTANT
TO ABANDON THE GAME
While the ducks are here in unusual
numbers, the sportsmen are making un
usual preparations to give them a noisy
welcome. The dealers can hardly execute
their order* for hand loaded shells. It
seems there has been concerted action
among the gunmen to double their orders
of previous years.
Herman Oelrlchs heads the list with
an order for 6000 shells. Mr. Oelrichs is
the most prodieal of the duck shooters.
His preserve at CyRmus Station on the
Suisun marsh Is one of the nnest in Amer
ica, his shooting lodge being a model of
what such an establishment should be.
. Mr. Oelrichs entertains lavishly. He Is
prepared to supply his guests with guns,
ammunition, shootintT clothes and every
thing necessary for an enjoyable day
afield. Lucky is the man who receives
THE restraining hand of the law will
be raised on Thursday next, when
ducks and quail may be killed for
a period of four months. It is the con
sensus of opinion among sportsmen that
not in fifteen years have ducks been so
plentiful as at the present time. The
Suisun marsh is fairly carpeted with
these birds of beautiful plumage. The
same conditions prevail down Alvarado
way. The birds are all sleek and fat, the
natural result of an abundance of feed.
While many of these birds were un
doubtedly bred here It is not possible
that all were, so some of the northern
birds must have found their way here
already. This is borne out by the fact
that large numbers of the rudy duck
have arrived, an unusual circumstance at
this time of the year.
The California Club is in a more pros
perous condition than ever before. Mem
bers are coming in rapidly find the limit
—200— has almost been reached. Many im.
provements will be' made, both on , the
courts and on the buildings. It is the In
tention of the, directors, to hold/ many
tournaments during the winter. A tour
nament committee of ! active players has
been appointed, and it is probable there
will bo two tournaments a month. • An
effort will . be made to Induce - the park
players to hold . their tournaments so as
not to conflict with those of the club.
The tennis players will be occupied to
morrow with the handicap singles tour
nament, which will commence on the
public courts in Golden Gate Park at 8:30
o'clock. The entry list Is the largest ever
heard of on the coast. .It Is doubtful if
there has ever been a tournament held' in
this country that has attracted a larger
number of players. ,,
It has been a difficult matter for the
tournament committee to arrange the
handicaps, as the number ]s so large and
many of the -'players are unknown and
consequently hard to handicap. . The
largest odds allowed are "30,". and the
most heavily handicapped players will be
placed "15 2-6" back of scratch. Four
players will compete from this mark.
They are J. D. MaqGavin, R. N. Whitney,
Will Allen and Grant Smith. It is doubt
ful if either MacGavin or Smith will play.
Many are of the opinion that Allen has
been too heavily handicapped and should
be on the "owe 5-6" . mark, with George
Baker. Clarence Griffin, Charles Dunlap
and Harry Routh are "2-6" ' back of
scratch. Nell Baker playing from scratch
undoubtedly has an excellent chance of
winning. \ ' . '
Have Created Unexpected In
terest in the Pastime.
Public Courts in Golden Gate Park
The Pringle pond, which is also famed
for the shooting it affords, will be shot
over again by L. D. Owens, E. F. Preston,
Frank Maskey, Andrew Buckley and John
W. Bourdette.
The Spocney Gun Club, which maintains
a preserve at Mount Eden, has been
RECORD ENTRY SURPRISES
THE TENNIS PLAYERS
The ducks will get such a bombarding
during the first four days of the season
that many of them will probably be driven
south where citv sportsmen will cease
from troubling them.
The far-famed Stewart pond, near Sui
sun, which has afforded sensational sport
in years past, has been leased by a num
ber of enthusiastic sportsmen for this sea
son. The men Include M. O. Feudner,
Edward Donohoe, C. G. H. MacBride and
Bruce Bonney. The preserve covers an
area of GOO acres, although the shooting is
confined to about 200 acres. This includes
a splendid snipe patch.
an invitation to a day's shooting, but woe
betide him if, for any reason, he fails
to accent. He will never have another
opportunity.
There has been an unusual demand for
preserves this season, with the result that
prices have gone skyward until they have
almost touched city values. All the de
sirable lands on the Suisun, Alameda and
San Mateo County marshes have been
taken over by Pit her clubs or private indi
viduals, leaving but little shooting for the
unattached sportsmen. The San Mateo
marsh will attract many of the latter
this year, the cars of the electric road
making it so readily accessible. Ponds
have been built and the shooting is ex
pected to prove much better than in re
cont years. The Sonoma marsh, over
which the Alameda Gun Club shoots, has
its cuota of birds.
.Three of the matches are. expected to
prove exceptionally close. Dr.. Hamilton
has Improved so rapidly of late and has
shown such skill In both his matches th;**
he . Is considered to have ¦. an excellent
chance against Gray. Moffat and Crowe
are two . other players of almost equal
skill. It would be a difficult matter to
pick the winner of the Cook-Eaton match.
Craig, McNaught, Barr, Forgie and Mc-
Laren are expected to win their matches.
The players are becoming so numerous
at the park that the green on Saturday
afternoon is not nearly able to accommo
date all of them. It is. necessary to take
turns, and most of the practice matches
are In doubles, and In some cases it has
become necessary to have six players on
each ; rink. V When . the game was In
augurated in the park' a comparatively
Two .rounds of the Scottish bowling
tournament,-, which has been in progress
for nearly two months on the Golden Gate
Park green, have been completed. The
third round will commence to-day, and
probably half of the eight matches will
be played. There are but two days al
lowed in which to finish this round. The
fourth round will commence on the 18th
inst. and will close on the 31st.
From now on the matches should all be
close, as the poorer players have been
weeded out and the remainder are in most
cases evenly matched. Thomas McNaught
in the upper half and John McLaren in
the lower half, are considered the strong
est players. Barring accident one of these
men should carry off first honors. The
final match is set for November 14. The
players who -are still in the tournament
will oppose each other as follows:
James Gray vs. Alexander Craig;, Thomas Mc-
Naught vs. D. Dalziel, Jotseph Gray vs. Dr.
Hamilton; J. McLachlan vs. Hugh Hair, J. C.
Moffat vs. M. U Crowe, Hugh Forgie vs. J.
M. Earsman, John . McLaren ¦ vs. James S.
Webster, Wallace A. Cook vs. William R. Ea
ton. .
Third Round of the Scottish Game in
Golden Gate Park Commences
To-Day.
SIXTEEN PLAYERS REMAIN
IN BOWLING TOURNAMENT
Big ponds are being made from two
wells at Quigly's salt works, near Alva
rado, which are expected to provide great
shooting.
The members of the Empire Gun Club
anticipate a splendid season on their big
preserve in Monterey County. ; Since last
year they have placed eighteen acres un
der fresh water and have baited the
ponds. The birds are already there in
large numbers and some limit bags are
expected on opening day. In addition to
the ducks there is a fine upland country
which is full of quail. Among the twenty
five members who are expected to be
present on opening day are: L.'H. Mc-
Roskey, F. H. Mayer, F. S. Judah, C. A.
Bonnett, F. A. Martin, Dr. A. J. Sylves
ter, J. B. Hauer, F. Blair Turpln, James
P. Sweeney. L. H. Allen. T. C. Van Ness
Jr., Bert Patrick, C. J. Stovel, Dr. Clyde
C. Payne, J. S. Brownell, Dr. C. E. Par
ent, Burke Corbet, James W. Goodwin,
S. E. Slade and George A- Batchelder.
James P. Sweney, who built up a fine
preserve near Newark, has had it leased
over his head this season to George Em
mons and some friends.
,F. M. Smith, the "borax king," has
leased the preserve formerly occupied by
the Willow Lodge Club. It lies west of
Newark on the bay shore. Mr. Smith has
built an artistic shooting lodge and has
baited the ponds so heavily as to make
them an attractive feeding ground for the
ducks.
slightly reorganized. Harvey McMurchy
has retired and William Wolf and Dr. E.
T. Mervy have been elected members. The
other members of the club are L- R. Lar
zalere, Dr. E. N. Short, Phil Bekeart,
George Morse, Rod Guyett and Adolph
Brommer.
Suisun and- Alameda Marshes.Are Fairly Carpeted With Ducks of
Beautiful Plumage — Unusual Preparations.
SHOOTING SEASON GIVES PROMISE
OF BEING THE GREATEST IN YEARS
Little Sister. "White Buck. Wedicewood. Mike
Rice. Onward Maud. Youn* Fearless. Cremo.
Mian Green. Medley. Lily Wright. Boot*. Ray
Hughie. Cascade. Wattles. Reta S, Shadow,
Linda Vista, Menlo Prince. Sofala, Gllmore.
Donnybrook, Meddlesome, Yellowtall. Braw's
Hill. Uuhallow, Queen's Motto, Clovtrdale.
Little Lucy. Rastlme. Top«y Turvey. Equator.
Our Myra. Ploughman. Gold Lily. Tom Sayers.
Pure Cold, False Alarm. Flora Belle. Mount
Rose. Homer Hoy. Fair Oaks. Progresso, Irv
tngton. Tralee. Dorothy M, Dear Gaston, Miss
Shirley, Pepper Jack, Helper. Una, Black
Flush. Jerry Wright. Doreen. Belfast, Itox
ana. Pure Pearl, Conroy.
An open event with 112 greyhounds en
tered Is the card offered patrons of In
gleside Park this week. The first brace
of hounds -will go to the slips to-day at
11:30 o'clock. The running will commence
to-morrow at 10:30. The likely winners
look to be:
Puppy stake — Nora Hill, Mellinwood. Con
fusion. Irish Lad. Flnoola. Rose Tree, Charter
Member. Gunpowder, Concord Tralee, Racing
Auto. B«n Porter.
Opon rtake — Klttleman. Red Rock. Ea«!--.
Fontenor. Pesoer Hill. Eaatlake. Vina. Full
Moon, Greenhall. Vandal, Haphazard, Palo
Alto, Mickey Free, Cubanola, Snapper Garn
•on. Old Ironsides, Liberator, Fcnll, Ml Ami
go. Thelma, Melrose, Silver Cloud, Bonnie
Pasha. Sempronlua.
The next meeting will be a three days'
affair at Friend, Nebr., commencing on
the 13th lnst. This will be followed by the
Mississippi Valley Futurity at Kearney,
Nebr. It Is expected there will be US
starters. These will include the pick oC
the coursers of the Middl? West. Califor
nia 'will be represented by the Rocker-
Fiery Face litter, owned by James Swee
ney. The best of these are Rocker Arm
and Raby Aurora.
After this meeting the scene will shift
to Oklahoma City, where the American
Waterloo will b« decided on October 31,
November £ 2 and 3. A number of Cali
fornia dogs will start for this stake.
James Sweeney has taken on some eligl
bles, as has B. F. Jackson. The latter
has Lord Brazen and Laughing Water
and lately added to his string six of A. R.
Curtis' hounds. These are Rector. Bea
con, Sea Lion, Flaunt, Cluster and Golden
Light. The reputed price paid for them
is $2000.
P. J. Reilly of this city will Judg^ all
the meetings on the circuit.
At the close of the "Waterloo meeting
a number of prominent Eastern kennels
will send their best representatives to
this coast. This should enliven the sport
here during the winter months.
William Grelchen of Fresno bought
Royal Archer and started him last Sun-*
day. His first essay was not a success,
as he was beaten by Lord Derby, a 5 to
1 chance.
The young coursers will have an oppor
tunity to display their talents to-morrow
at Union Coursing Park. Twenty-two
puppies are entered In the "baby" event.
Some are up country greyhounds and a
new wonder may develop. Th© running
will commence upon the arrival of the
10:15 train. There will also be trains at
11. 13 and 1 o'clock. The likely winner*
look to be:
The first meeting was held at Floral.
K+ns.. on September 2S. The open stake
was won by Sylvian's Secret, which de
feated Kid McCoy, a veteran greyhound
well known on this coast, in the deciding
course.
rpHE Eastern circuit of coursing
I meetings has commenced and some
1 exciting sport is expected up to and
including the Waterloo Cup meetins at
Oklahoma City, commencing on the 31st
but.
Only three boats took part in the cruise
of the California Yacht Club outside the
Heads last Sunday. These were Commo
dore George M. Shaw's yawl Idler, Robert
Vincent's yawl Iola and H. Forrest's
yawl Nereid. A good southerly breeze
carried the vachts down Oakland Creek
and when Goat Island waa reached the
wind hauled to the southwest and the ebb
tide helped the craft on their way
through the shipping lying at anchor off
San Francisco toward Lime Point and
thence out of the Golden Gate. On reach-
Ing the Heads a fog enveloped the yachts
so that they lost sight of each other and
of the land. Turning about clear weather
was reached off Black Point and moor
ings were picked up about 5 o'clock In the
afternoon.
The following programme has been pre
pared: A swimming race for members of
the Olympic Club for a cup and a similar
event for members of the San Francisco
Yacht Club. There will be a high diving
contest; a dressing race. In which the
competitors will swim from yacht to
yacht, picking up an article of clothing
on each, and a greasy pole competition.
These will be followed by an event In
which a sculler in a yawl will be pursued
by pairs "of oarsmen in row,boats and by
a race in which blindfolded rowers will be
guided by ladles. A yawl race for boat
keepers, a tilting contest and barge races
for members of the San Francisco Yacht
Club and of the Olympic Club will next
engage the attention of the spectators.
The last events will be a skiff race, in
which the hands will be the only means
of propulsion, and the small yacht re
gatta.
Yachts of all descriptions of twenty-five
feet racing length or less may enter and
the course will be in full view of the
spectators at the clubhouse.
The races will be under the direction of
A. J. Treat, starter; W. G. Morrow and
C. M. Gunn, judges; Vice Commodore A.
C. Lee, W. G. Morrow, Hlllyer Deuprey,
W. W. Haley, F. H. Muchmore and Com
modore R. S. Bridgman, members of the
committee. The sports begin at 11 a. m.
To-day and to-morrow are open on the
programmes of the Corinthian and Cali
fornia Yacht clubs. Next Saturday the
Ttburon sailors will cruise to Corinthian
Cove, where the annual baseball game
will take place. The Californlas will
cruise to McNears next Saturday and the
San Francisco Yacht Club will also ren
dezvous there.
AQUATIC sports, races and an open
regatta for yaehtB cf twenty-five
feet racing length and under over a
course off the clubhouse at Sausallto are
the attractions to-morrow for the mem
bers of the San Francisco Yacht Club
and their friends.
WELL-KNOWN SPORTSMEN AS THEY APPEARED NEAR THEIR SHOOTING LODGE AFTER A SUCCESSFUL
DAY ON THE SONOMA MARSH LAST SEASON, WHEN THE FLIGHT WAS SUCH AS TO DELIGHT ANY
ENTHUSIASTIC SHOT.
Corinthian and California
Amateurs Will Cruise at
Pleasure in Upper Bay
When This Has Been Decided
a Large Number of Dogs
Will Be Sent Out Here
Rowing and Swimming Races
and Other Events Will
Amuse Tars and Friends
California Kennels Will Be
Represented in Waterloo
and Other Big Meetings
BERKELEY COACH PAINED
AT APATHY OF ELEVEN
SAILORS PLAN
WATER SPORTS
AT SAUSALITO
HOUNDS START
FOR EASTERN
STAKE EVENTS
8Canada now has 13,000 miles of railway.
A ton of sugar beets yields 210 pounds
of refined sugar.
VANCOUVER. Wash.. Oct. 9.— Sergeant
A. T. Brown, Nineteenth Infantry, estab
lished a new record for Western army
posts at the post range yesterday and
secured the title "Expert marksman," the
highest rank a rifleman can obtain In
the infantry. Brown made 93 points out
of a possible 100 on skirmish fire. This
has seldom been equaled, as skirmish fire
is done under all the difficulties that
army ingenuity can devise. Anything
above 73 is regarded as good.
Brown Is the youth who astonished the
veterans by winning the department sil
ver medal in the shoot last summer and
by standing fifth on the army team In
the national competition at Fort Sheri
dan. He is serving hi3 first enlistment
in the regular army, has not been an ex
pert rifleman before the beginning of the
year and had no experience with tho
modern high power rifle until he entered
the Rervice. He formerly served with a
California volunter regiment, but it is not
known that he made any phenomenal rec
ord while with the regiment.
Sergeant A. T. Brown Makes a Re
markable Score at Portland on
v Skirmish Fire.
YOUTHFUL RIFLEMAN
ESTABLISHES NEW RECORD
Pierce Will Coach Indian Team.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Oct. 9. — Bemis
Pierce, the veteran Carlisle guard, will
coach the Sherman Institute Indian foot
ball team this season. Pierce is expected
to arrive within a few d*ys.
Americans consume 3C.000.000 pounds of
Chinese tea*, 31,000,000 of Japanese and
about {,000,000 o£ Indian...
The foreign holding's of American se
curities are now the smallest in many
years.
LONDON, Oct. 9. — James R. Keene's
tABCuhire, ridden by Laden Lyne,- the
American jockey, won the Imperial
Trortuce plate, valued at S ri 00 sovereigns.
jrr r-year-olds at six furlcnR* to-day at
tV.o KemptOB F*>* autumn m«*etins. The
"Warrior was second and Orient II third.
Keene's Lancashire Is First.
LOS AKOET.ES. Oct. 9.— The fal> rac
ing scaEon will open at Agricultural Park
to-morrow with a good card and pros
pects of the most successful meeting ever
held in Southern California. Three hun
dred horses are stabled at the track,
among them being many of a high class.
The riding talent already on the jrround
comprises about forty Jockeys, including
Waterbury, Hlldebrand, Tullet, Burlin
game and others. The track is in first
class shape. An attendance of 10.000 is
expected. Ed Duke will do the starting.
Los Angeles Ready for Racing.
The revival of track sports on this coast
with next year's games at St. Louis as
the Incentive is expected to develop large
proportions. The meet will include a one
mile bicycle race on a home trainer, for
which all the leading bicycle clubs will
enter teams. A silver cup will be given
the winning team and a medal to the
man making the best time. Several
events for the Gaelic athletic clubs will
be given under their auspices. With the
recent Increased interest in these games
keen competition should result.
The Occidental Athletic Club indoor
baseball team has challenged both the
Olympic and the Reliance teams. It is
their intention to show what an exciting,
game indoor baseball is. It is the first
time this game has been played where the
public could view it and the fans are
planning to attend. One of the star ath
letes who will compete Is Harry Irwin,
i*.iC Olympic Club's crack vaulter, who,
en May 2 last, tied Dole's coast record.
Irwln will endeavor to break the world's
indoor record, held by Djvorak, the Mich
igan athlete.
All the existing coast indoor records are
expected to go. With such men as Wal
ter Dunn, Thomson, Abadic, Haclclcy,
Clifford and others competing they cannot
possibly stand.
The athletic carnival to be given by the
Pacific Athletic Association in Mechanics'
Pavilion on the 23d inst. promises to be
one of the most interesting events of its
kind ever hold here. It is many years
since a similar affair was promoted and
old time athletes remember it with pleas
ure.
Varied Programme of Sports Is Be
ing Arranged by Pacific As
sociation Officials.
INDOOR ATHLETIC MEET
WILX ATTRACT MANY MEN
The balance to the credit of tho park
fund on October 1 was J226.835 21. Dis
bursements during tho month c'f Septem
ber were: For labor, $17,144 15: material.
$11,435 25.' Bids *or a duplicate pump at
the windmill were received and referred
to the superintendent and engineer for a
report thereon. The bidders wore George
Dow, the Stillman, Pierce & Smith Com
pany and the Harron-Rickard-McCona
Company.
The subject of boring an artesian well
to Increase the. water supply was again
discussed. Superintendent McLaren re
ported that he had seen the man with
Receipts of the children's playground
for the month of September amounted
to $2177. The expenses amounted to $1653,
leaving a profit of $S22. Receipts at tho
Japaneso garden for the same poriod
footed up $427. The cost of maintenance
was $34(5, leaving a profit of JS1. .
Superintendent McLaren submitted his
monthly,, report, reviewing the work un
der way in Golden Gate Park and the
operations at the various squares. Men
and teams are employed in grading \Calks
around the new lakes. The two new
tennis courts' are very nearly completed.
The number of men on the roll of em
ployes is 204. . V ''•:*¦- \.V :
The proposition to allow "autcB" priv
ileges en one'side of tho Ocean boulevard
and the right of way on Forty-seventh
avenue to reach the Cliff House came up
for further consideration. The commis
sioners practically agreed to extend the
privilege, with certain reservations limit
ing the space and speed on the main high
way.
Mention was incidentally made of reck
less racing at night by "auto" drivers
on Van Ness avenue and Market street,
where policemen were on duty. On the
park drives wbere the police protection
is slight the automobilists dash along at
any speed that suits the drivers.
Mr. Pease read a letter from William
Alvord to William Brings, wherein Mr.
Alvord authorizes the sale of his horses
and rigs for the reason that the autos
have driven him from the roads that he
had been driving on for the last forty
years.
The Park Commissioners met yester
day afternoon at the office of A. B.
Spreckels, president of the board. Tho
commissioners heard a delegation from
the Carriage Owners 1 and Stablemen's
Association regarding the running of au
tomobiles in the park. E. R. Pease, tho
spokesman, represented to the board that
automobiles were run at reckless speed
in the ?ark. He said that reports were
in circulation to the effect that the auto
mobile men were shortly to have full
sway on every drive of tae park. He
asked that Cfotection be accorded to the
horse and carriage people on the main
drive. A general discussion of the sub
ject followed. Questions were asked by
Commissioners Frank J. Sullivan, M.
Jasper McDonald, A. Altman and Presi
dent Spreckels. Replying to Mr. McDon
ald, Mr. Pease said the nprses were be
coming accustomed to the automobiles.
The greatest fright was. caused by the
exhaust and the plunging speed of the
machines.
Reckless Racing in Gold
en Gate Park la
Reported.
MORRIS PARK. Oct. 9.— The racing
«m cot at all delayed or hampered
to-<iay because of the extraordinary
etorni. The rain beat the course
fioTO hard, so that the going was
net very heavy. Outside of poor
starting the only unusual feature
vaa the disqualification cf John A.
Drake's Jocund, which finished first In
the fourth race. Close observers say that
. Jocund repeatedly bumped Ormonde's
Klght at the beginning of the last three
¦Ixteenths.
Early Eve repeated her victory of the
preceding day and won the long distance
• handicap by less than a length, but It
tvas the- general opinion that It was a
. £uke, as neither Odom, Mu!holland nor
O'Brien, tie riders of Cuaghnawaga,
Warranted and Tribes Hill respectively.
thought that Early Eve could maintain
'the pace ste eet and so permitted her to
'tpen vp a big gap. Bh» was undoubtedly
Slipping at the end. but the Judges' stand
v-as ex hand and Caughnawaga could not
•fret up to her. Summary:
; FIRST RACD— SeUlag; hurdle race for three-
f year-olds aad upward; two and a quarter
'biles ever niae curdles; stormy; rsudfir.
•'Hefting. Iloree, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
. 4 to 5 — Cbarawind. 15O (Ray) 7 3 16
: « to 1— Gibeon Light, 147 (Mara). 2 2 2 6
;*0 to 1— Cryptogram. 1*2 CBoinhdt) 1 1 3 15
t Toa% 4:20. Start fsir. Won easily. Wln
'fcer, L. V. Bell's b. g. by Charaxus-Helmwlnd.
. Oould 163. Draughtsmaa 153, The Rival 14«,
'Co'.ocel Rorer 14S, also ran.
SECOXD RACE — Selling: fcr three-year-oldj
«u".a upward; r:x and a ba'.t furlongs on Wlth
¦"*«rs couree.
".Bettliar. Horse. Weight, Jockey. Et. \ Fin.
11 to o — Iruelift. S7 W. Fischer).. 13 13
4 to 1 — I»cket, 106 ((yBriea) 5 5 2 h
11 to 5 — Highlander, 105 (RedTern) 7 4 3 b
. Time. 1 :£2 2-f>. Start bad. Woo handily.
XV'nner. J. W. Schorr' ¦ b. ¦;. by Odd Fellow-
C.la r>uk«. Aufirattus 102. Moderator 100.
Captain R 110, VaJley Forge 104, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Selling; for two-year-cl2i;
•!x ar.d a half furloncs on Withers course.
Eettir.g. Bom. Weight. Jockey. Et. « 4 Fin.
5 to 5 — Monadnock. 107 (Fuller).. 3 4 1 h
' C to 2 — TfciF.Heathe.K** (DeSouza) 4 3 2 1H
20 to 1 — F'.ag OfCcer.IOl <MichaeU> 2 2 3 4
Time, 1 :24 4-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. L. Farrel's b. c. by Lo<x>haichee-Do
lores. Lone ?pur 01, Short Cake S«, The Bow.
•ry 2C', also ran.
FnrriTH RACE— For two-year-cids; With
•t« nUc
l'.ottir.c. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
7 -.o :0 — Jocund. 101 (O'Xeill) 2 2 1 h
s to l> — Ormondes Right. 11 j<Odm) 4 4 2 7
20 to 1— Pslette. 107 (Fuller) 3 1 3 12
20 CO 1— Chaapltir.300 (Mlchaclf) 13 4
Tin-.". 1 :4j. Start bad. Won driving. Wln
r.rr. B. Ps^«*t'« ch. c. by Ormonde-Right.
Jocun-1 finished T.rrr, b-jt was disqualified for
foulir.K.
FiFTII RACE— The Fcrtfcarn har.dicap: for
two-veer-oi'!* and upward; teven furlong* oa
Wither* course.
l>tT!mr. ilorse. Weight. Jockey. Et. »* Fin.
js to r— Toung Henry. 129 (Fuller) 4 4 1 »«
T, to 2 — Orf-nade, MO 'O'BrienK .. 2 2 2 h
2ri , o i — TV~alih. 117 (Ccbum 3 5 3 2
T:rr.«\ 1 :2s 2-S. Ftnrt fair. Wen driving.
Winr.er. E. R. ThoTnas' b. g. by Henry Young
' VotasOtnu Wild Thyme 110, La2y Uccas 87.
Ea'.vatfl'.a 100. also ran.
PIXTH RACE — Handicap; for thr*e-year
c'.i'.r and upward; cne and a half miles on
V. lthors fourf*.
ItetUa*. Uorte. eWieht. Jockey. Ft. ** Fin.
4 to 1— Harly Eve. 02 <J. Jones)... 1 1 1 «i
IS »o r.— Cauehnawaga. 12C <Odcn".). 2 2 2 14
t to 1— Warrant od. 103 (Jiulhoilnd) 0 2 Z 15
Tfzac 2:3s 3-.Y Start good. Wen driving.
V.-;-.nfr W. B. Gray"* ch. f. by Ilorojcope-
Cloarsif.g. Tribe? 1 H'M 1O« also ran.
3£0B.RIS PARK ENTBIES.
NEW YOHK. Oct. 9. — Mcrris Park entries:
Firet race. e !x end a half furlongs of Wither*
course, two-year-olds— Tim Payne 103. Mcnad
r.oek 100 Sa!» 109. Topic 100. GolSen Drop 108.
-Falletle 'lOC. Green Crert 10C. O-Jtcome 109,
¦ Ascetic 102. Auruznaater 93. Dimple 90.
Second race, eteeplechase. about two and a
h.tif rr.liee — Land of Clover 1C7. Zinzlbar 153.
J!ra Newrr^n 1C3. Slanillan 153. Bay Secret
JJ3 GtBCJir 350. Ten Candles IOC. Kiiright 142.
(Ler<*. of Clover a=3 Zir.rlbar. Ctarr.blett en
tr-r: Tb Cables ar.3 En right, Wlfdener entry.)
Thlrf rare White Plains handicap. Eclipse
rou^I-PulFUS 128. Race King 122. Grenade
JIS Palm Bearer 115. Divination 109. Wotaa
107] Crown Prince IOC, Green Crest 87, E<1
'Fourth race maiden two-year-elds. Eclipse
our«— San Plerr.o 107. Ascetic 107. Donnelly
107. Monsoon 104, Piquet 104. Colleen Biwn
104! Tepe« 104.
Fifth rare. Morria Park Autumn stake, two
«-.d a quarter relies. 'Withers course. w*lght
for — "n-arrant«l 124. Fhorthoee 111. Major
I>s.Sr.gerfleid 124. Surmlre 124.
F'xth rare, one ar.d three sixteenth relies,
handicap. Withers cours*— Caughnawaga 12G.
Gu-?.r" 122 Rorktrater 115. Eugenia Burcn
••12"*buke of^Kenial U2. Carbuncle 10*. Stolen
Slonr-rts 100. Lord Badge 100. Stonewall 02,
McWiniair.s !U). <Cauehnawaga ar.d Rock
m-atcr. Eanford entry.)
Weather cloudy; track noddy.
M0SB.IS PABK SELECTIONS.
Ey the Now York ilorninp Telegraph.
First race— Outcome, Green Crest,
Golden. Drop.
Seccnd race — Chainblet entry,
Jlimilian. Jin Ne-cnnan.
Third race— Pulsus, Wotan, Crown
Prince.
Fourth race — Tepee, Monsoon, San
B«no.
Fifth race — Major Daingerfield,
Shorthose, Surmise.
Sixth race — Stolen Moments, Car
buncle, Duke cf Kendall.
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
TO LIMIT SPEED
OF AUTOMOBILES
Five miles, handicap. op*n to all cars hav
"Jng participated In any of the foregoing- races —
First prize, ?100; second prize, $50; third
prize, sll\er cup.
Five miles, op«n, for cars irrespective of
power and weight, must be legitimately owned
in California— First and second prizes, silver
cups.
Second day — Three miles, open event, cars
6H horsepower and under- — First prize, $75;
second prize, sliver cup.
Five miles, for gasoline cars only, 1200
pounds or under — First prize, $100; second
prize, $25.
Five mile*, handicap, for motorcycles — First
prize, S50; second prize, silver cup.
Five miles, open event, for cars 1800
pounds and under— First prize, $200; second
prize, $50.
Five miles, open event, for cars under 24
horsepower — First Drlze. $100; second prize,
$50; third prize, silver cup.
Ten miles, open event, for cars Irrespective
of power or weight — First prize, $400; second
prize. $100.
10 miles, o:>en event, for can Irrespective of
power or weight— First prize. $400: second
prize, $100.
Five mile*, handicap, for all cars having
participated In any of the foregoing races —
First prize. flOO; second pilze, $0O; third
prize, sliver cup.
The track is being especially prepared
for the races and a surface as hard and
smooth as a billiard table Is expected. A
epecial prize of $250 Is offered for the fast
est mile made during the meeting. It
must be better than one minute. The
complete programme follows:
November C — Two miles for gasoline cars
only, QVt horsepower and under — First prize,
$50; second prize, silver cup. ¦
Three miles, open, for cars weighing 1200
pounds and under — First prize, 5100; second
prize, ?25.
Five-mile handicap for motorcycles — First
prize, silver cup; second prljie, silver cup. - -
Five miles, lor gasoline care only 24 horse
power or under — First prize, $100; second prize,
$25; third prize, silver, cup.
Five miles, open, for cars 1800 pounds or un-
Uar — First prize, $200; second prize, $50.
Five miles, open event, for cars irrespective
of form or weight, but to be legitimately owned
In California — First prize, silver cup; second
prize, sliver cup.
Judges, John D. Spreckels, Thomas H. Wil
liams and R. P. Schwerin; referee, L. P. Lowe;
clerk of course, R. C. Lennle; timer, Samuel
Buckbee and six assistants. Sub-committees:
Financial. Samuel Buckbee and L. P. Lowe,
Parrott building: racing committee, E. P.
Brlnegar, E. Courtney Ford and Charles A.
Hawkins; track committee, E. Courtney Ford
and-N.'T. Messer Jr.; advertising and pro
gramme committee. N. T. Messer Jr.. 149
Crocker building. R. C. Lennie and H. L.
Wagner will act with the executive* commit
tee.
BARNEY OLDFIELD, who stands In
the front rank of. the daring racing
automobilists, has signified hi's in
tention of coming out here for the biff
race meeting to bo held at Inglealde
track November 6 and 7. He will bring
two of his powerful racing machines.
Some of the other Eastern racing men
are "expected to accompany him.
. The complete programme has been an
nounced. It Is expected the valuable
prizes offered will attract men from all
over the State. The officers selected for
the meet are:
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Annie Davis, Quaker
Girl, Lady Free Knight
Second race — Blue Grass Girl, Rus
sell ton, Olonetz.
Third race— Theory, Sid Silver,
Dolly Gray.
Fourth, race — Monsieur Beaucaire,
Jordan, Orpheum.
Fifth race — Bridge, Kindred,
Mima
Sixth race — First Mason, Athelroy,
Bengal.
Seventh race — The Bobby, Leenja,
W. B. Gates.
ST. LOUIS ENTBIES.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 9.— St. Louis entries:
Flret race, five and a half furlongs — Port
Warden 100, Lady Free Knight 105. Ingolthrlft
101, Ida Davlsi f>S, Ann© Davis 110. Maxroso
90. Enlshone 1CS, Woods Perry 1C5, Quaker
Girl 105. Lucy Mock OS.
Second race, one mile, pellins; — Dr. Holscher
109. Haven Run 90. Ora McKlnney 97, Leech
95. Hc-edown S7. Cogswell 107, Launay 90,
Crime 107, Rtinsellton 112, Blue Grass Girl 101,
Fophorn 92. Olonetz 101.
Thin! race, five furlongs, soiling — Miss Man
ners 108. Weird 10T., Daniel lfift. Lady Chariot
00, Tar.pent 102. Theory 104, Helen Print 100.
Ladas 1^5. One More 103, Rollick II 107. Dolly
Gray 10-'l. R»venge Daro 107, Sid Silver 104,
P*pp*r Dick 107.
Fourth race, on» mile, two-year-olds and up.
The Criterion handicap— Pourquol Pas 02. Or
r-houm 9^, M. Eeauealre 113, Prosper la Gal
10.".. Jcrdnn 10S, Jack Younc 1C5.
Fifth ra'-e. o!x furlongs, handicap, three
year-old* and up— D«-nz!l 87. Minw 87. 12& Ball
90 Avoid S7. La-ly Vashtl S7. Bridge 107, Bru
lare 107, Kindred 112.
6:xth race, one and a sixteenth miles, three
yrar-olds ond up. purse — Neversuch 102. Yel
ir.tvta!l 11* F" 11 "* 1 Mason 105, Golden Glitter
111. Athffiroy 100. Treacy 100. Bengal 100.
Seventh race, one and three-sixteenth miles,
iselllnir. three-vear-oMs — Prism 1)2. Morris Vol
mcr fit. The Way 101. The Bobby «01. Leenja
05. Baronet 96. Llnden»ila 97, W. B. Gates 103.
Weather clear; track slow.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling: ...
Betting. Korse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i"Fln.
fl to 2— Gus Lanka. 104 (Smith)... 1111
30 to 1— Jean Gravler. 98 (Foley).. 3 4 2 nk
Even— Sid Silver. 103 (J. Taylor). 6 3 3 2
Time, 1:17. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. F. DanielK & Co.'s b. g. by Huron-Lone
Princess. Bear Creek 03. Pettljohn 110. The
Gfitto 9S. Budweiser 9S. Will Shelly 104. Requi
sition 99. Little Corker 08, Review 93. also rarl.
FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling:
12 to 1— Alcom R. 87 (Hennessey). 7 6 12
13 to 1— Tempt. 1C9 (Matthews)... 5 12 4
6 to I— Axares. 112 (Sheehan) 4 3 3 5
Time. 1:34. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. R. E. Watkir.s & Co.' a ch. g. by Henry of
Navarre-Fllttermouse. Tlomalne SS, Cap and
Gown S2, Leech 90. Countess Clara 104. Our
Ltllle 90, My Surprise 102, Russelton 109. also
ran.
FOURTH RACE— One and three-sixteenth
miles; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1 — Josle F. 90 (Gilmore) 2 5 1 h
14 to 6— D. McKenna. 109 (Brknrth) 3 12 2
3 to 1 — Taby Tosa, 103 (Beauchp) 5 3 3 H
Time. 2:03%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, A. Bellew & Co.'s b. f. by St. FlorJan-
Bonnle M. Mallory 02, Flintlock 107, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs* purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 5— Misa Crawford. 1C0 (Calvlt) 13 14
3 to 1— MaJ. Pelham. 105 (Brknrth) 2 2 2 n
8 to 1— Ben Adkins. ICO (Mahon).. 3 13 6
Time. 1:16. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. W. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. t. by Tenny-
Flo II. Lord Hermence 103. Imboden 107,
Huckleberry Finn 107, Bugler 108, aieo ran.
SECOND RACE — One mile; selling:
Belting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
18 to 5 — Capt. Gaston. 106 (Bknrth) 1 4 1 H
10 to 1— Chandoo. 10S (Mathews).. 5 5 2 2
IS to 5 — Quiet. 107 (Sheehan) 2 1 3n
Time. t:4SH. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, D. L. Snow's b. g. by Prince of Dark
ness-Mayflower. El Caney 108. Landola 105.
Cardigan 100. Sardlan »(J, Algaretta 105, Aule*
105, also ran. /
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 9.— Josie F, a cheap
selling-plater, won the feature event
at the Fair, Grounds to-day, defeat
ing a field of highclass horses. Inci
dentally she was the medium of a large
sized kllUng by her owner backing her
from 10 to 1 down to 5 to 1 at post time.
Gilmore rated her In a nice position until
the last turn was reached, when she
came away, winning easily. The track
waa in fair shape, weather clear and
pleasant and attendance large. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Elie, 85 (Anderson) 4 112
7 to 2— Bugle Horn. i>S (Howell).. 6 4 2 4
6 to 1— Thank Heaven, 90 (Raynr) 8 6 3 2
Time, 1:81%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, G. Lanka's ch. c. by St. Carlo- Jude. Hon
da 102 Hazel Boyle S3. Harold Parker 100,
Innsbruck 105, Ecome 112. Lonlana 85. Fog
horn 90, Glen Ether 69, Bessie B 90. Hoedown
90, Billy Jackson 90, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Bj* the Chicagro Inter Ocean.
First race — Four L«af C, Omdur
jnan, Worthington.
Second race— Stem-winder, Bar
dolph, Albermarle.
Third race — Judge Himes, Lin
guist, Airtight.
Fourth race — Schwalbe, Golden
Rule, Olympian.
Fifth race — Barrack, Little Elkin,
Domadge.
Sixth race — Sir Hugh, Mansard,
HenTy McDaniels.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
WORTH ENTHIES.
CHICAGO. Oct. 0. — Worth entries:
Klrst nice, yeven furloncs — Wcrthington 112.
Omdurman 110, Charlie Thompson 107. Blue
mint 1C7. Don't Ask Me 104. El Ghor 104, Four
Leaf C 104. Barkeimore 1C*J, Small Talk 00.
Fiirsh ilaxirn Jtt». Lo!a L W. Tioga OT. Gup.dal
qu'.vir !«>. Fair Lady Anr.a 90. Bello Mahcna M.
Second' raco. Jive and a half furloncs. *e!l-
Iv.r — Nabcsklish 112. Jimolong 100, Barfiolph
1CS. Stemwir.der JOS. Bensonhurst 305. Albo
marle 10C, Pt~; ICO. Little Mission 100, Anna
B*all 100. Miss Nellie SC.
Third race. The Liberty stakes, one and an
eighth rr.llea. handicap— Judge Hlir.es 116, L!n
gu!«t 106, Dr. Stephens 10j, WiUul 10o. Lady
Jocolyn 101, Alrlight 101. LuraJlghter 100.
Bor.daye 06 Sidney C. Love 03. Albert F.
Dei-ey 1*5. (Sidney C. Love and Bondage, Ar
thur entry.)
Fourth race, nix furlor.gs, handicap — Golden.
Rul* IIS, Nitrate 107. Olympian 114. Jark Rat
lin 104. Scorpio ICC, fit. Tatr.many 105, Sclnralbo
103. Federal 05. Muresca 90. (Nitrate ar.d
Golden Rule, Dumell entry-)
Fifth race. cn« and three-stxtenth miles, sell-
j rB L'ttle Elkl.T 100, Barrack 00. Domndga 96,
Give All 90. Lord Melbourne 03, Dodle S 91,
Compass 91.
Sixth ra.ee. geven furlongs — I Know 112, The
Major 105. Henry McDanlel 105. fit. Simonian
104 The Don 102, Topsoil 03. Mansard 00, Sir
Hugh 00. •
Weather clear: track heavy.
SIXTH RACE^ — One and a sixteenth miles;
Beliir.g:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 2— Antcie*. 107 (3. Bonner).. 2 113
5 to 1 — Compass. 107 (J. Booker).. 14 2 1
C to 1— Evelyn Byrd. 107 (Philips) 4 3 8 1
Time. 1 :57. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. C. C McCafferty & Co.'i b. m. by Let
toon-Anvolee. Cnptaln Hamm 107, Mandamus
107. Frank M Iu2. M!ss Liia 102. Pirate's
Daughter 102, False Lead loT, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Sir furlonss; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. $i Fin.
7 to 1 — Go Between, 87 <Robblns). 4 115
10 to 1 — Myron Dale, 85 (Wilson).. :i 2 2 2V4
7 to 5 — Dungannon, 87 (Bonner). 13 3 5
Time, 1:18 3-5. Start good. Won In a canter.
Winner, S. £. Brown's c. g. by Medtller-Indlgo.
Dorice 02, Wreath of Ivy 102. Wistaria. 07.
Arr.old K 97. Standard 105, Lawndale 100.
also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Ona mils and seventy
yards; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. 5t. »; Fin.
9 to 6 — Proceeds. 103 (H. Phillips). 2 112
7 to 0 — By Ways. 102 (Wilson) 5 3 2 H
© to 1 — C. B. Campbell. 00 (Booker) 14 3 3
Time. 1 :S2 2-5. Start good. Wen easily.
W'inr.er. S. S. Brown" e Lr. c. by Pirate of Pen
lance-Fertile. Fading Light 67, Bard Burns
'jl. also ran.
THIRD RACE— One mile; selllntr:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5 — Lampoon. 97 (Wilson).... 4 2 1 1*4
5 to 2— Mr. Dingle. 101 (Bonner). 3 3 2 5
13 to 1— Tanered, 109 (Scully) 7 13 7
Time. 1 :4S. t Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, S. S. Brown' a ch. f. by Lampllfrhter-
Mona. Examiner 100. Albermarle 100. Homely
101, Florence II 9S, Florestan 102, also ran.
SECOND RACE — Six furlonK«: pur»e:
Betting. Horse. Weljrht, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 4 — B. Bunton. 105 (Ferre.ll). 1 1 1 nk
1" to 5 — Schwalbe. 110 (Phillips). 3 2 2 7
18 to 5— Gypeene 100 (Wilson) 5 3 3 h
Time. 1:17 4-5. Start gxx>d. Won «rtrtng.
Winner, J. F. Newman's ch. m. by Rancocaa-
Lvsd Cinch. Louisville 105. !>•?¦ n-s 95. al.-o
ran.
y^»HICAGO, Oct. 8.— Giving away
I great chunks of weight, Captain S.
.^- — ' S. Brown's two-year-old colt Pro
ceeds made a show of his field in the mile
and seventy yards handicap, the feature
of the Worth card to-day. The colt was
giving- twenty-four pounda to By Ways,
and the filly was made favorite at 7 to 5,
with Proceeds heavily backed at 9 to 5.
Proceeds allowed C. B. Campbell to lead
to the back stretch, where the two-year
old took command, led by three lengths
turning: for homo and from there to the
wire only breexed. winning in a canter
with two lengths to spare. The track was
still deep and holding, but drying out
fast and with no more rain will be fast by
Monday. The weather waa clear and cool
and the attendance good. Summary:
FIRST RACJ>— Six furlonrs; purse:
Bettitg. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— The Hebrew, 111 (Domlck) 1 2 1 h
25 to 1 — Oudon. 110 (Williams)... 4 12 1
2 to 1— K, Ellsworth. 110 (Ferrell) 8 fl 3 h
Time. 1 :2<> 2-5. Start fair. Wen driving.
Winner. F. Cooks b c. by Requltal-JJlackeye.
Mayor Davli 8. Rose 110. Wig-warn 110, Ed
ward Hale 110. Kleelnwood 110. Circular Joe
110. Virginia Boy 107, Plautus 107. Oleometer
110. also ran.
Bpeclal Dispatch to Tho Call.
Jockey Gilmore Holds Her
in Good Position and
She Finishes First Easily
Mile and Seventy Yards
Handicap Makes Good Race
• Despite Abundant Mud
Two Days' Programme Gives
a Wide Choice of Races
-With Many Valuable Prizes
Early Eve Repeats Victory,
Winning Long Distance
Handicap by a Length
Game Colt Makes a Specta
cle of the Field at Worth
Track in a Feature Event
Selling Plater the Medium
of Kil ing by Her Owner,
Who Forces Price Down
Jocund Finishes First in
the Fourth Race, but Is
Disqualified for Fouling
Barney Oldfield Signifies His
Intention of Coming West
for Big Meet at Ingleside
STORM BEATS
TRACK HARD AT
MORRIS PARK
DARING AUTO
DRIVER WILL
COMPETE HERE
JOSIE F WINS
FROM A HIGH
CLASS FIELD
PROCEEDS WINS
WITH LENGTHS
TO GIVE AWAY
PITCHER IBERG
SHUTS OUT THE
ANGEL TOSSERS
San Francisco Twirler Is
in Great Form and Sur
prises the Southern Men
Small Attendance Witnesses
an Interesting Game at
the Recreation Ball Park
THE home ball toBsers slipped the
double cross to the Angels so
quickly yesterday afternoon, at
Recreation .'Park, that half the twenty- ;
five people In the lot became so amazed
that they went home. Anyhow, it was
a swell game of ball, and the magnificent
pitching of Ham Iberg kept the Angels
at a distance from the rubber. They never
had a chance to get beyond the third
cushion. Score 3 to 0.
"Dolly" Gray was there a few himself,
but his work did not come up to the
standard of Ham's in any particular.
Time and time again did the giants from
the south make desperate efforts to
squeeze a run over the plate, but they
always failed at the last minute.
The home tossers opened up in the third
inning. With two out. Ham drove a
single over second. He stole and Shay
walked. A rap by lleany to the center
garden brought Iberg over the Jumps.
He would have been stopped at the plate,
only Eaear dropped the ball.
' Twice more did they land in the sixth.
Meany hit and stole and Leahy sent him
•to third with one that went to slow for
the infielders to handle. Pabst chased
Meany to the front with a drive to the
outfield and an out put Leahy over with
the last one. The score:
San Francisco — • Lob Angeles —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Shay.2b.. 2 0 0 2 4 Hoy.cf... 4 0 10 1
Meany.rf 4 12 0 olSples.lb.. 3 0 0 1« 0
Leahy.c. 4 116 0;Smith.3b 4 0 12 6
Krus.cf.. 4 0 .1 2 llDllon.Sb. 4 0 12 3
Pabst.lb. 4 0 1 13 0 Crvth.rf. 3 0 12 0
Lynch.lf 4 0 0 0 0 Jacobs.lf 3 0 0 10
Delmas,3b3 0 0 3 1 Toman.s. 3 0 0 2 6
Rymd.s. 3 0 0 18 Eagar.c. 3 0 0 11
Iberg.p.. 3 110 6 Gray.p.. 3 0 2 13
Totals 31 3 6 27 17 Totala 30 0 6 27 20
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 10 0 2 0 0 0—3
Base hits 0 1 2 0 0 3 0 0 0—6
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 01110200 1— C
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Meany, Iberg:, Eagar, Spies (2),
Smith. Errors — Toman. Kngar. Delmas. Two
base hit — Gray. Sacrifice hit — Cravath. First
base on errors — San Francisco 1, Los Angeles
1. First base on called balls — Oft Iberg 1, off
Gray 3. Left on bases — San Francisco 4, Loa
Angeles 5. Struck out— By Iberg 3, by Gray 1.
Double Dlays — Gray to Dillon to Spies; Ray
mond to Shay. Smith to Spies. Dillon to Gray.
¦\Vlld pitch — Gray. Time of same — One hour
and 30 minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
HIGH SCHOOL TEAMS
PLAY AT FOOTBAXL
Polytechnic Eleven Defeats Lowell
Team in a Ragged Exhibition -
of the Sport.
There were two fist -fights, many dis
putes and a game of puss-ln-the-corner
out at the Presidio Athletic grounds yes
terday afternoon between twenty-two
young men representing the Lowell and
Polytechnic High Schools.
At the end they said Polytechnic de
feated Lowell In a football game by the
score of 23 to 0. Those spectators who
could see above the hundred odd heads
which crowded the field had not followed
the score— It piled up to rapidly.
The Polytechnic team simply walked
away with the Lowell youths, circling
their ends for twenty yards at leisure
and ploughing through a. scattered field
at will. So weak was the Lowell aggre
gation that the real strength of their op
ponents could not be developed. To say
the best for Lowell, their strength was
materially decreased' by the absence of
Hamilton, their crack player, who is
eschewing the gridiron for the cinder
path.
The lineup "was as follows:
Polytechnic. Positions. Lowell.
Ashley [>. E. R. Smith
RIordan L>. T. R Keenan
Toy Low and
Anderson Jt». G. R. ...... . .LanKhorna
I.auMif-rf "enter Young
Bonnlficlii R. O. L..' Tlscomia
Skavlan R. T. L.. Brignoll
McKenzle R. E. L..McD«rmott and
Saunders Jacobs.
Goer! Quarter Roncovleri
Wartin-Ayres L,. H. R Gray
ICloppenbery and R. H. L Cerf
Toy Low Fullback Fuller
Referee — Dud New. Umpire — Bob Varney.
CARPENTERS OUTPTJLL >
THE HEAVY TEAMSTERS
Excellent Programme Is Arranged
for Last Night of Tug-of-War
Tournament.
The teamsters, who in the first part of
the tug-of-war tournament that is being
held at Central Park were looked upon
as Invincible, met with defeat again last
night. On the previous evening the long
shore lumbermen dragged them over the
winning mark after a hard struggle of
more than twenty-two minutes. The up
set seemed to dishearten the drivers, and
in going against the well trained carpen
ters suffered a defeat in short order.
The contest lasted four minutes and
forty-nine seconds. During the better part
of the time there was little headway
made, but suddenly the carpenters gained
a cleat and kept their winning streak un
til they gained the decision. To add to
tho defeat of the teamsters, the carpen
ters kept them from gaining a single cleat
during the trial— a new experience for the
one-time heavily backed aspirants for top
honors.
The bridge workers outpulled the plumb
ers in nine minutes, and the longshore
lumbermen won from tho carmen In 4:50.
The tournament ends to-night Follow
ing is the programme as arranged: Horse
shocrs vs. cement workers, teamsters vs.
plasterers, plumbers vs.- bricklayers, car
men vs. bridgeworkers, carpenters vs.
lumbermen. The last named teams have
won every trial that they have partici
pated In, and a grand contest is looked
for between them.
Smathers Adds to His String.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Oct. 9.-Just before
the second heat In the Transsylvania
race to-day, E. E. Smathers bought Kent
from Dick Donley of Wichita, Kas.,
which took second place In the heat. The
prlco was S4300.
the divining rod and that experimental
work would begin near Point Lobos
Creek,' where two million gallons of water
flow Into tha ocean every day. On mo
tion of Commissioner Sullivan tho board
authorized the payment of $50 to the
water prospector, provided success at
tended the work.
A design submitted by A. AHman for
a gate pose at Stanyan and Haight streets
v.-as accepted. The commission directed
that the material should -be of Colusa
stone and the color a ; greenish gray.
SPORTS OF THE TURF AND THE FIELD
JIM FOX WINS
FIERCE FIGHT
FROM JOHNSON
GOLFERS BEGIN
TO PRACTICE
AT PRESIDIO
Butcher Boy Takes a Hard
Beating, but Stays With
His Man Till the Finish
Rain Is Wanted to Soften
Courses Hardened by the
Long Drought of Summer
Elkins and Badger Put Up
Slow Battle and Former
Finally Scores a Knockout
Davis Wins in N Second Play
Off of Tie for the Best
Gross Score in Cup Play
Although the summer visitors to San
Rafael have returned to their homes and
the golf course is comparatively deserted,
the residents will continue to play
throughout the winter. At present the
course is hard from lack of moisture, but
the first rain will put it into good con
dition for play.
The golfers of San Francisco are awak
ening after their summer idleness and are
practicing on the Presidio course. The
Early Morning tournament, consisting of
five rounds of nine holes, to be played be
fore 9 o'clock in the morning, ends to
day. It Is a handicap competition against
"bogey." The competitors and their
handicaps are as follows: L,. B. Edwards,
7; R. I. Bentley, 4; L. F. Monteagle. 7:
Mrs. E. S. Miller, 8; W. J. Dutton, 7; Miss
Edith Chesebrough, 7: R. G. Hanford, 5;
E. N. Bee, 7, and Reginald White, 8.
James Braid, the famous British pro
fessional; J. A. T. Bramston and Horace
Hutchinson, amateurs, are the chief con
tributors to the last new book on golf,
which contains much valuable matter.
Both Braid and J. A. T. Bramston draw
epecial attention to the Important work
of the wrists in long driving. Braid gives
advice as to how to give an intentional
slice or pull to a ball, but this advice ia
only useful to excellent golfers. J. A. T.
Bramston points out that the palms of
the hands must not be permitted to do the
work that should be done by the fingers
in gripping the shaft, since this deprives
the wrists of the essential freedom of ac
tion.
IN the mixed foursomes played last Sat
urday on the links of the San Rafael
Golf Club M. J. and Mrs. Casey won
the trophy, with a score of 64 less 17, net
47. Mrs. R. G. Brown and G. M. Plnck
ard played from scratch and returned the
best gross score, 53.
On the same day the tie between R. J.
Davis and R. G. Brown for the best gross
score made In the qualifying round for
the recent competition for the council's
cup was decided, the former making a
score of 100 and the latter one of 102. In
the first attempt made to play oft the tie,
both having returned scores pi 94, a sec
ond tie resulted. The match between
Douglas Hardy and M. J. Casey in the
final round of the competition for the
second eight trophy has not yet been
played on account of the absence of the
former from the city.
Leads All Batsmen in Competition
for the Brown Trophies With.
Richardson Second.
"With the close of the pennant season of
cricket matches averages are being com
piled. To qualify for the Brown prizes
a player was required to take part In
eight innings, with an average of eleven
or more. The batting averages follow:
• | ! S f | ||
BATSMEN. ? £ " «*
1|- I | [*
B. Kortlang 12 6 *100 373 62. 18
H. B. Richardson.. 12 2 # 10S 4«5 4«. 5O
E. H. Wilkes S 1 S3 217 30. CO
H. Ward 11 2 116 2C6 26.60
E. Langdale «0 1 C« 162 20.20
E. Petersen 10 1 40 17.1 19 20
A. W. Wilding 14 1 51 252 18.00
B. Bird 13 0 61 22» 17.62
E. G. Sloman 10 1 »W 1ST, 17. OO
F. A. Stahl 12 1 33 174 IB. 77
F. J. Croll 10 0 47 148 14.66
H. C. Casldy 13 1 30 135 11.30
W. Jamleson S 1 26 77 11. 00
•Xot out.
KOBTLANG IS FIRST
AMONG THE CRICKETERS
JIM FOX was the chief dispenser of,
punches in the main event of the Lin
coln Athletic Club's show last night
In Mechanics' Pavilion annex. For- four
rounds he hammered big Bill Johnson,
the butcher lad. till the latter's face wai
a dream to look upon. The remainder of
the programme, with the exception of
one or two mlxups. was full of action
and pleased the large attendance.
Johnson started off well In the initial
round, but he soon lost his lead. Fox
began to use a straight left to the face
In the second. This stopped the butcher
from doing any more damage for awhile.
He soon began to grow desperate and
would invariably rush his opponent. land-
Ing a punch when he could and taking
ten jabs for the privilege.
Fox had many opportunities to put his
man away for the count, but he did not
seem to know about any punch but the
straight left. Many times he could have
ended the fight with a good swing when
Johnson was wobbly, but he never came
through at the right time.
Johnson came in at the opening of the
fourth round with the evident Intention of
stopping his man. For the full three min
utes the pair exchanged rights and lefts
to every part of the head and body. Botb
were weak and neither had a good blow
left. The Judges awarded the palm of
victory to Fox.
Al Elkins and Wesley Badger furnished
the other headline attraction on the card
and it was a poor one Indeed. ElklnJ
lacked his usual steam and his opponent
did not know enough about the game to
beat a schoolboy. Finally Elkins took a
brace and finished his man with a ter
rific right on the jaw in the last round.
Joe Podesta made Jack Mortality quit
In the third round of their meeting. The
fight looked like a fake from the first
round on and the spectators hissed loudly.
Harry Fallen was given an unjust decis
ion over George Murdock In a weird sort
of a battle, in which both men rolled and
tumbled about the arena. William Friel
got the decision over George Robinson,
and Jack O'Brien outpointed Jim Daly.
YOUNG ATHLETES ENTERED
IN AUTUMN FIELD DAY
Semi-Annual Meeting of the Aca
demic League Attracts If any
High-Class Performers.
The autumn Held day of the Academic
Athletic League will be held this after
noon on Berkeley Oval. Eleven high
schools will be represented by seventy
four athletes, many of them of great
promise.
The strongest teams have been entered
by Ukiah, Oakland and Lowell, and tha
championship will probably rest with on«
of thes<*. If the weather be favorable a
number of new records will undoubtedly
be established. The entries follow:
10O-yard dash, first heat — Mlddleton. O. H.
S.; Samence. A. H. S.; Wiley, L. H. S. : Mal
lory. S. R. H. S.; Cape. C. S. M. A. Second
heat— Schwartz. L. H. S. ; Rader. A. H. 3.;
Vesper, O. H. 8.; Segal. B. II. S.; Clark, S. C
H. S.
440-yard dash — Hlller. A. II. 8.: Smett. A.
H. S.; Dykes. B. H. 8.; Ramies. U. H. 8.;
Johns. C. S. M. A.; Corcoran. L. II. S. ; Jones.
I,. II. S.; Bacon. S. C. H. S.; Sheehan. O. H.
S.: Coyne, O. H. S.; Wilson. S. R. H. 8.;
Rathbon*. 8. R. II. S.: Bray. S. C. 11. 8.
120-yard riurdl?. first heat— Titus. S. C. H.
8. : Sperry. B. H. 9. ; Doiier. O. H. 8. Second
heat — M?lvln. O. U .3.: Hamilton. L. H. S. ;
Marton. O. H. S. ; Jacobs. S. R. H. S.
fetO-yard <Ja»h — Hi:i*r. A. H. S.; Crawford,
A. H. S.; MilUr. B. II. S.; Dodson. C. S. M.
A.; Yost. L. H. S. ; Baker. Byrnes, V. H. S.;
Baccn, S. C. H. S.; Bray. S. C. H. 8.; R.
Smith. S. n. H. P.: lUthbcne. S. R. H. 8.
22tVyard dash, first heat — Schwartz. L. IL
B. : Wilson. S. R. H. S. : Pemberton. O. II. a.
Second heat — Beck. C. S. M. A.: Sites. O. H.
S ¦ lagugg. B. H. S. Third heat — Whitman.
O. H. S.; Clark. £». C. H. S.: Roth. V. H. S.
22w-yard hurdles, first heat — Titus, S. C. H.
8 • Doiier. O. H. S. ; Mason, M. IL S. Second
heat— Sperry. B. H. 8.; Prentlss. S. R. 11.
S.; Hamilton. L. II. S. Third heat— M*lvtn,
O. H. S. ; Williamson. B. H. S.; Bonner. U H.
S. Fourth heat— Horton. V. H. 8.: Jacobs, a.
Mile run — Crawford. A. H. S. : D*vUn. A. H.
8 • CruU*. B. H. 8.; Gibson, C. 8. M. A.; V
Mamiel. U H. S.: Mandrell. L. H. 8.: Muoo.
M. H. 8.: Baker. O. H. 8.; Smith. 3. R. H. *.»
Mile 'relay— Berkeley High School. California
School of Mechanical Arts. Lowell High School
and Santa Rosa Hljch School.
Pole vault— Jamison. A. II. S.; Sperry. B. H.
S • Moulton. C. S. M. A.: Hutchlnson, O. H.
8 • Whitman. O. H. 8. ; R. Titus. 8. C. H. a :
Hitchcock. 8. R. H. 8.; Patton. U. H. 8.;
H?l»h' Jump-^Jamlson. A. H. S.: Hall. O. H.
S.- Blakemore. B. H. 8.; Pa*e. 8. R. H. ».;
Magcrstadt. C. 8. M. A.; Rom. H. H. S.; Wil
liams I* H. S.; Patton. XT. II. S. : Baker. O.
H. S-; Sheehan. O. H. S.; R. Titus, 8. C. H.
S.: Crawford. S. C. H. 8.
Shot-put— Miller. A. H. S.: BUkemor*. B.
H S • Rose. H. H. 3.: Wllllanw. L. H. 8.;
Hutchlnson. O. H. 8.: Crawford. 9. C. II. S.;
Horton t\ H. 8.: Parson*. 8. R. H. 3.
Broad Jump— Maiterstadt. C. 8. M. A.: Wil
liams I* H. 8.; Barnes. L. H. S. ; Hamilton.
L. H S.: Ramies. U. H. 8.: Vesper. O. H. 8.;
Melvln O. H. S. ; Hutchlnson, O. H. 8.: Ford.
V H 'S.: R- Tltns. 8. C. H. 8.; 3. Tltua. 8.
C. H. S.; rrentlss. 8. R. IL S.; Mallory, 8.
throw— Miller. A. H. 8.: Blake,
more B. II. S.; Mculton. C 8. M. A.; Rose,
II H 3.; Mason. M. H. 9.: Doxfer. O. H. 8.;
Cayne, O. H. S.: Crawford. O. H. 8.; York*.
S R H. 8. : Cunningham. V. H. S.
Officials — Referee. Gecrr* Elliott: timer*,
smith. Tompklns, Woolsey. H. Smith: stirter,
Tony Cada?an: Judges. Ev«rett. Brown. Potts.
Parker and Toung; field judges, Cooley. Pow«ll.
Carroll. Wllcox. Westerrnan. Irwln: scorar.
Krentz; Inspectors. Young.' Harris. Slnshelmer;
announcer. Thompson; clerk of course. Mont
gomery; assistant clerks, Titus and Laumeis
ter.
THE SAN FBAN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1903.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jg|l Growing Old Gracefully
Illllf — and Healthfully
fcf ; :\ The infirmities of old age are
te^M successfully combated by the
gPg^JpBRjB —The Food'Drinfc*
tonic properties are invalua-
]^^i^mmble to those who are weak—
P-S^Jlinursing mothers, little children
gS?^^.«S"a>"|and the aged.
drujjista sell it. Prepared by tis
m^^^^^^ Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
_\I3 VERTISE M E^ r TS.
-
• *«v* »-•< """viV L *»!^' *•*->''*'• •••••••
HAVANA GiGARSTO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 10
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Oct. 10
Rival Willapa Harbor |Oct. 10
8. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla lOct. 10
Redondo Humboldt |Oct. 11
F. H. Lergett Humboldt lOct. 11
Chas. Nelson.. Portland & Astoria lOct. It
Arctic Humboldt |Oct. 11
Iaqua Humboldt iOct. 11
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 11
Siberia China & Japan Oct. 11
Arso Eel River Pcrtt.... Oct. 11
Mlneola Tacoma Oct. 11
Phoenix Mendoclno .: Oct. 11
Corohado Grays - Harbor Oct. 12
Chico Coqullle River Oct. 12
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Oct. 12
G. W. Eliier.. Portland & Astoria Oct. 12
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Oct. IS
San Pedro Grays Harbor Oct. 13
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.. Oct. 13
Alam'da Honolulu Oct. 13
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports «>ct. 14
Corona Humboldt Oct. 14
Uarda Seattle [Oct. 14
Bureka..'. Humboldt IOct. 14
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts.. [Oct. 15
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. |Oct. 15
Barracouta... Now York via Panama. Oct. 15
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom Oct. IB
Bonita Newport & Way. Ports. Oct. .17
Columbia Portland & Astoria |Oct. 17
North Fork... Humboldt [Oct. 18 :
I sIs Seattle ,Oct. 18
Marlposa Tahiti JOct. IS
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports IOct. 19
Sierra '. . Sydney & Way Ports. .|Oct. 19
Acapulco New York via Panama. Oct. 21
Raises Hamburg & Way Ports. |Oet. 21
TO SAIL.
Bteamer. [ Destination. Sails. I Pier.
October 10. j
Ciarina.... Cooe Bay direct.... 12 mlPier S
8. Portland Astoria & Portland C pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pler 10
O. Lindauer Grays Harbor S pm Pier 28
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pmii'ler z
Corona Humboldt [1 :80 p Pier 9
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 1 0 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ,| -4 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Aatoria & Portland|ll am Pier 24
City Para. . N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
October 11.
Redondo Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
C. Nelson... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 10
J. Dollar. . . Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Plec 2
, - • October 12.
Ronlta Newport & Way Pts 8 am Pier 19
N. Fork.... Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
October 13.
Phoenix Mendocino City ... 1 pm Pier 13
Arcata Coos B.& Pt. Orford 10 am Pier 13
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Queen Punret Sound Ports. 11 am Pier tt
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
October 14.
Chico Coqullle River 6 pmlPler 2
Arctic Humboldt 8 pm Pier 10
October 15.
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
JCoronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier lo
N. Mara.... China & Japan... 1 pm Pier 40
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
October 16.
San Pedro. . Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 19
October 17.
San Joee... N. Y. via Panama. 12 ra Pier 10
Alameda... .Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Californian. New York 3 pm Pier 23
October 18.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier Z
October 2O.
Uarda Hamburg Way Pts
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. . For. Sails.
Oregon Nome Oct. 10
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 11
City Topeka.. Skagwey & Way Ports Oct. 13
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 14
Cottage Qty. . Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 14
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 16
Santa Ana Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Oct. 16
Al-Ki.... Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. l»i
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 20
Nome City Cooks Inlet & Way Pta|Oct. 22
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time ¦ and Heights of .. High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. , Published 'by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — Th«.hlEh and low waters occur at
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Friday. October 0. ,
Stmr Arir.onan, Lyons, 71 days from New
York, via Coronel 34 days, via Port Los An
geles 32 V4 hours.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 36 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Queen, Pierce. 87 hours from Victoria.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen. 37 hours from Salt
Pedro.
- Stmr Scotia, Erickson, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing;. ££3£^3@i9|9!QiSJ
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 21 hours from Cas
par. .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The Time Ball . on the tower of the -Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
L e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m. Greenwich time. . -.
J.\ C. BURNETT.
_ Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchanue, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 9, 1903.
Time Ball.
The British ship California wm cleared yes
terday for Liverpool with 65,071 cs canned eal
mon, 32.C50 cs canned fruit, 9732 ctls barley,
4552 ctls wbeat, 101.456 lbs orchilla, 34,600 lbs
cascara f>agrada, 419 cs honey and 14 cs wine,
valued at 9469.880. The ship also carried 12.0U0
ft lumber as dunnage, vclued at 9180.
The British chip Black Brae was cleared for
London yesterday with 42,810 ctls barley. 20.002
cs canned salmon. 25,849 ca canned fruit, 332
cs hone}*, 29,008 lbs cascara sagrada, 0275 gals
vii:e, 111,823 lbs tallow and 1 cart, valued at
9243.336. Also 31,000 ft lumber . as dunnage,
valued at 9465.
The British ship Howth. which cleared, for
Liverpool, had 59,007. cs canned fruit. 4273 cs
canned salmon, 25,483 ctls barley, 6537 ctls
wheat. 437,f*8 lbs orchilla and 250 gals wine,
valued at 9249.050. Also 23,000 ft lumber as
dunnage, valued at' 9345.
General Cargoes for England.
The steamer Rosecrans, which cleared on
Thursday for Honolulu and'HUo, carried 1,008,
000 gal6 crude oil and 6 pkgs machinery, val
ued at $33,059. consigned to Honolulu, and an
assorted cargo consigned to Hilo, valued at
I5MHI and including the following:
»;>5 pkgs freeh fruits, 12 pkgs fresh vegeta
bles, 3490 lbs butter, 58 cs eggs, 185 pkgs po
tatoes, 73 pkgs onions. 1643 lbs dressed poultry,
1212 lbs fresh meat. 45 bbls beer, 28 galb wine,'
2S9 lbs cheese. 159 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 202 lbs candy ard 00,165 lbs fertilizer.
Merchandise for Hawaii.
12V. pkgs fresh fruit. 43 pkgs fresh vegeta
bles, 10 ska onions, 30,460 lbs raisins. 2tf,0S0
lbs dried fruit, 1130 lbs meals, 33 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 2 pkgs patte, 700 lbs chocolate,
2546 lbs glucose, 180 lbs cheese, 10 cs syrup, 30
cs salad oil, 47!» gals S cs wine, 4C9 ce canned
fruit, 1398 lbs coffee. 227 lbs ham and bacon,
35 cs honey, 411 lbs zinc. 12 cs oil. 14, es elec
trical eupplies, 1C77 ft hardwood, 2089 lbs leaf
tobacco, 15 tons coal, 14,370 lbs parafflne wax,
11 cs arms and ammunition, 25.M0 lbs bone
black. 13 pes steel and iron. 10 bdls pitch. 17
'pkgs machinery, & pkgs leather.
The steamer Utnatllla Balled on Thursday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo
consigned to the principal British Columbian
ports. The cargo a< manifested up to 3 p. m.
yesterday was valued . at $14,526 and included
the following:
Exports for the North.
The rate of reinsurance en the Finsbury was
advanced yetrterday . to 90 per cent. The Co-
The British ship Gifford is now lying square
ly broadside to the beach and hope of saving
ber has died completely in all but a few
breasts. The sea* have been breaking over the
hull for et-veral days and yesterday the main
K-l paiian; mast carried away. The charthouse
is gone, -and part of the port bulwarks. A don
key engine left on board by the wreckers has
•also been washed overboard. The weather
seems to be moderating, but even Captair
TWoodside was yesterday a little backward
£lx>ut expressing hope. In London all hope has
been abandoned and the Gifford has been de
clared uninsurabie.
Gifford Now TJninsurable.
The French ehlp Beranger (at Portland) was
chartered prior to arrival for wheat thence to
Europe. . .
The British bark Inverklp is chartered for
merchandise to Melbourne or Adelaide at £10)0.
The latest lumber • freights reported are:
British ship Port Stanley, from Puget Sound
to a direct nitrate port, 27s • 6d; barkentine
VVrwst'.er, from Grays Harbor to Santa Rosalia;
barkentine Benlcla (at Honolulu), from Eureka
to Auckland. Lyttleton and Wellington, C7s Od —
prior to arrival. . * . - '.'¦'
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Deputy United States Marshal^ A. L. Farish,
by order of the United States District Court,
sold yesterday by auction the screw steamer
Cordelia Heald, 09 tons gross. ' J. Kossen was
the purchaser. The price was $1155.
Cordelia Heald Sold.
Three big British ships cleared yesterday for
the United Kingdom and they are all taking
away with them huge cargoes of California
canned goods. The ships California and Howth
will go to Liverpool and the Blackbraes to Lon
don. , . •
Will Take Rich. Cargoes.
Captain Pierce, formerly with the army
transport service, but lately appointed port cap
tain at Seattle for the Paclflo Coast Steamship
Company, arrived here- yesterday in command
of the steamship Queen. Captatn Cousins, the
Queen's command**. left the Qimen at Seattle
and returned by rail in response to a telegram
Informing him of a sudden change for the
worse In the condition of his wife, who had
been ailing for half a year. Mrs. Cousins died
before her husband arrived. Captain Cousins
will resume charge of the Queen to-day.
Captain Pierce Brings Down Queen.
8ANTA CRUZ, Oct. 0.— Eight years ago O.
Fop?berg, an aged man, mysteriously disap
peared from here. To-day his will was filed
for probate. He bequeathed his small estate
to the poor of this city and to the Christian
Foreign Missions. Irrespective of sect.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same nt both places.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 10.
Sun rises 6:13 a. m.
Sun sets 0:40 p. m.
Moon rises 8:36 p.m.
O Time! Time jTlme Tlmej
» j Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft
» H W| L W III W |L Wj
V) 2-27 4.6 7:20 2.6j 1:30 6.3| 8:15 0.1
11 3:27 4.5 S:12 2.SI 2:17 6.2 «:14 O.2
12 430 4.5 0:17 S.l| 3:2S B.l|lO:lC 0.3
13 !>::& 4.0il0::<»; 8.11 4:2«| 4.9jll:24 O.4
U 6:30 4.7ln:. r )6 2.910:43 4.8 '
15 1 0:20] 0.5] 7:30 4.9| l:04| 2.41 6:59, 4.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the lost tides of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sl«n precedes the height, end then the number
plven la subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. . The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters^
Movements of Steamers.
FERRY STEAMER EXCINAL
AND THE COLUMBIA IN
CLOSE QUARTERS.
rolla Is quoted at 85, the Loch Ix>ng at 70 a:
the St. Mungo and Catharina at 20 per cent.
The etJff southeaster that was blowing
•during ihe morr.ing was at Its height
ebout 31 o'clock and for several hours
passengers on all the ferry-boats got a
•realistic taste of ocean travel. At the
Alaraeda mole the Inadequacy of the side
landing arrangement was uncomfortably
evident. The railroad-iron counter-weights
and the roughly constructed gangways
were jarred and joggled by the pitching
boats until the boarding cf them was
:ike a trip through a disorganized infernal
machine and required more nerve than
some of the commuters had with them.
There were no accidents, however, and
.the s»>a went down as the day wore on.
Tugboats were kept busy all day mov
ing vessels to safer anchorages and in a
few cases dragging anchors resulted in
damage. The big four-masted schooner
Marconi drifted down on the ship Star
of-It?ly and sustained considerable dam
age. The ship escaped with the loss of a
little paint.
The Columbia, with the right of way
and her pilot apparently as innocent of
knowledge of the ferry-boat's prox
imity as was the ferry-boat pilot of the
fact that his course to his slip was any
thing but clear, held on her course. Not
a. whistle was blown by either boat. The
Ertcinal was finally stopped and backed,
end as the Columbia swept by within a
couple of yards of th« Encinal's forward
guard the spray from the river steamer's
big etern wh«l splashed the -frightened
passengers, standing In speechless terror
on the ferry-boat's decks.
the vessels approach each other
t-hat disaster peemed inevitable and the
passengers on the Southern Pacific boat
were thrown ir.to & panic. The Enclnal,
en her 10:35 a. m. trip, was heading for
her slip at this elde of the bay. She was
about fifteen minutes late and Captain
Kcgers was apparently anxious not to
lcse any more time. When about half
way between Goat Island and the ferry
depot, the Columbia, also headed for this
eide, but steering a course more souther-
Jy than the Encinal and leading directly
across the ferry-boat's bow, loomed up
ahead of the. Enclnal. The Columbia, un
der the rules of the road, had the right of
v.ay. Although the wind was blowing
stiffly from the southeast and the ferry
boat laboring considerably. It waa per
fectly clear, but the Knclnal'st pilot failed
to observe the river eteamer until she
was "almost under the Encinal's bluff bow.
P" r r<^ HE r.arrow-gauge ferry steamer
5 Enciral yesterday narrowly escaped
ij collision with the big stern
¦^ trfacder Columbia. So close did
CLEARED. i
Friday, October 0.
Stmr Sar.ta Rosa. Alexander. San Diego;
P,aclfic Coast Steamship Co.
Slmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and -Navigation Co. .
Br ship Howth. Martin, Liverpool; Q "W Mc-
Br ship California, Doty, Liverpool; Balfour,
Gutbrte & Co.
I3r ship Blackbraes, Newnham, London; O
W McNear.
SAILED.
Friday, October 9.
St'mr Whlttier. MacDonald. Portland.
Stmr Celia. Nordbenr, Pigeon Point.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr N'ewburg, Anflndaen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Czarina, Johnson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Glppy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow. Port Harford.
Br stmr Heathdene. Milburn. Tacoma.
Barjre Santa Paula, Pllle, Portland, In tow
stmr Whtttler.
Schr Virginia, Matson. Portland.
Rchr Mnnila, Saxe, Tacoma.
Schr Wm Renton, Anderson, Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN.
Oct 1, lat 39 N, Ion 13 W. Br bark Mada
gascar, -from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 0, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SE, velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BANDON— Arrived Oct 0 — Stmr Chico, hence
Oct 3; schr Lizzie Prien, hence Sept 14.
CRESCENT CITY — Arrived Oct 8 — Stmr Co
qullle River, hence Oct 6.
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed Oct 9 — Bktn Skaglt.
for San Frar.ciseo. <
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 9— Stmr
Santa Monica, hence Oct 5; schr Roy Somers,
hence Sept 24: flchr John A Campbell, hence
Sept 20: schr David Evana, hence Sept 22.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 9— Schr Louise, for
Umpgua.
" SEATTLE — Arrived Oct 8 — Stmr Oregon,
from Nome.
Sailed Oct 8— Stmr Nebraskan, for Hono
lulu.
KLAWACK— Arrived Sept 10— Schr W F
Jewett, hence Sept I.
Sailed Oct 3 — Schr W F Jewett, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 9 — Stmr Lakme,
from Eureka.
Salted Oct 9 — Stmr Marshfleld, for San Fran- ¦
Cisco. •
Arrived Oct 9 — Schr San Buenaventura, from
Ccos Bay; etmr Chehalls, hence Oct 8; bktn
Tarn O'Shanter, from Columbia River.
Sailed Oct 9 — Tug Liberty, for San Diego;
echr Ruth E Godfrey, for Port Townsend.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Oct 9 — Stmr
Westport. for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN — Arrived Oct 9 — Stmr Santa
Monica, hence Oct 5; «chr John A Campbell,
hence Sept 26; schr Roy Somers, hence Sept 24.
Sailed Oct 9 — Schr Halcyon, for San Fran
cisco; schr A J West, for Santa Rosalia.
TACOMA — Arrived Oct 9 — Schr W F Witze
mann. from San Pedro.
REDONDO — Arrived Oct 9 — Schr Azalea,
from Eureka.
Sailed Oct 0 — Stmr Newsboy, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Aurelia, for San Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Oct 9, 3 p m—
Stmr Coos Bay, for San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Oct 9 — Schr Inca,
from Port Blakeley.
COOS BAY — Sailed Oct 9— Stmrs Alliance
and Aberdeen and schr Jessie Minor, for San
Francisco.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived Oct 9 — Brig John
D Spreckels, hence Sept 22.
TATOOSH— Parsed out Oct 0 — Stmr Nebras
kan, for Honolulu; stmr Leelanaw, for San
Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Oct 9 — Stmr
State of California, for San Diego.
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 9— Bktn Addenda, for
San Francisco; schr Novelty, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Oct 9— Swed bark
Alfhild, for Valparaiso.
'! : ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct S— Bark Diamond
Head, from Oyster Harbor.
Sailed Oct 8 — Stmr Argyll, for San Fran
claco.
KAANAPALI— Arrived Oct 6— Schr Willis
A Holder], from Newcastle, Australia.
EASTERN PORTS. " '
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 8— Br stxnr Arara,
for Manila.
BALTIMORE— Cleared Oct 8— Ship W F
Babcock, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Oct 8— Ger stmr Aby
dos. for San Francisco. .
HONGKONG— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr Indra
velll, from Oregon.
HIOGO— Arrived Oct 9— Fr bark La Blanche,
from Philadelphia.
OCEAN STEAMERS.^W-'i
QUEEN STOWN— Arrived Oct 9— Stmr .Lu
cania. from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded; stmr. New England, from Boston, for
Liverpool, and proceeded. • :•/:
Sailed Oct 9 — Stmr Commonwealth, for Bos
ton. '
CHERBOURG— Sailed Oct 0— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, from Hamburg and Southampton, for
New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Carpa
thia,from New York. .
GREENOCK— Arrived Oct 8-^Stmr Cartha
genian, from Philadelphia, via St John.- N F.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Oct 0— Stmr Moltke,
from New "York, for Cherbourg and Hamburg,
and proceeded.''. -.-¦ "
MOV1LLE— Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Fumessia,
for. New York; stmr Pretorian, for Montreal. 1
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, ¦ for New York, via* Cherbourg:
NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Chem
nitz, from Bremen.
Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Cedric, for Liverpool.
The will of Elizabeth Babcock, late^
widow of Colonel Babcock, a pioneer
banker, was filed for probate yesterday.
The document disposes of an estate esti
mated to be worth $150,000. The legatees
are M. 8. Page of Massachusetts and
William Page of New Hampshire, broth
ers of the deceased, and her five sisters,
only one of whom, Emily Flanders, re
sides in this State. She lives at Portor
ville. The brothers, being wealthy, are
left but $5000 each, and the sisters the res
idue of the estate. A bequest of $1000 Is
left to the Congregational church of
Haverhill, Mass., the native town of the
deceased, and a like sum is bequeathed
to Benjamin B. Haven of Oakland, her
srodsos.
Mrs. Babcock's Will Is Filed.
Mrs. Lovinia Raemsch, 131 Taylor street,
has sworn to a complaint charging J. M.
Evana of 116 Eddy street with selling in
cumbered property. She alleges that on
August 31 she purchased from Evans the
furniture in the house at 131 Taylor street
for $675, and noihing was said to her
about any incumbrance. She has now dis
covered that Evans originally purchased
the 'furniture on the installment plan, and
there was still a mortgage on it to the
furniture company for $200. Evans in
stalled Mamei Barry in the house, and
he gave her the furniture, but later
she gave him a bill of sale on part of It.
¦Evans was arrested about three months
ago for battery upon Mamie Barry and
her mother. He was convicted by Police
Judge Fritz on both charges and was
fined $100 In one case and $50 in the other.
Disposal of Mortgaged Household
Goods Gets J. M.* Evans Into
Serious Trouble.
FURNITURE DEAL LEADS
TO ARREST FOR FELONY
Wai J. Tuska, the weir known attor
ney; Clara Tuska, his wife, and "W. C.
Bruson are the defendants in a sensa
tional suit filed in the Superior
Court yesterday by John G. Schwalm.
The suit is to recover 1700, with
interest from November, 1899. The
money Is alleged to have been procured
by the defendants from the plaintiff by
means of fraudulent misrepresentation.
According to the complaint, Tuska and
his wife in November, 1899, told the plain
tiff that they had an enterprise In which
he could Invest considerable money with
profit to himself.' They told him, he says,
that the Electric Iron and Steel Com
pany was a concern doing a profitable
business and that they were in a posi
tion tn secure for him some of its stock
at "inside bedrock prices," and advised
him to make the ve'nture. They told him
at that time, he complains, that the stock
was selling for only $25 a share and that
it would only be a matter of a few days
when it would jump $100.
He was told, he .charges, by Mrs. Tuska,
in the presence of her. husband, that she
considered the Investment such a good
one that she had disposed of consider
able of her Jewelry and Invested the pro
ceeds in the stock. He says they repre
sented to him that the stock would short
ly be paying a dividend of 15 per cent.
Because of these representations ha
claims he Invested $700 In the concern,
receiving in exchange a certificate for
thirty-two shares of stock.
Now he wants his money back, for he
says he has iqpt received a cent in the
way of dividends. He says that his $700
was divided by the Tuskas and the other
defendant, Bruson, and that, though he
has. made freauent demands upon them
for the return of his money, they refuse
to give it up.
Judge de Haven found aJso that the
master should have put in for repairs at
the Falkland Islands, and for neglecting
to do so the Bhip was liable for damages.
The court was of the opinion that prob
ably the greater part of the whole damage
sustained by the cargo was caused by
perils of the sea before the vessel had
changed her course at Cape Horn and
sailed for Australia. The damage was di
vided and Judgment was given for the
llbelant for one-half of, the damage sus
tained by the cargt), with interest and
costs. The llbelant is not- entitled to re
cover for that part of the cargo that was
Jettisoned.
United States Commissioner George E.
Morse was appointed to estimate and re
port upon the amount of damages.
The, complaint alleged that the cargo
had been Improperly and carelessly •fetowed
between decks in such a manner as to
strain the vessel and open her seams, thus
letting in the sea water. Fifty tons were
jettisoned in a siorm. In his decision
Judge de Haven said among other things:
Stowage with the view o£ the proper trim of
the vessel and the ease with which It will
be able to carry Its cargo when at sea Is a
matter which calls for the Judgment of those
under whose supervision it is done. The car
rier is only required to exercise reasonable
care and skill In stowing: cargo. In order to
establish euch negligence as l.i claimed here the
disproportion between the amount stowed in
the hold and that placed between decks must
be so treat as to warrant the conclusion that
reasonable Judgment was not used in loading
the vessel, and I am not satisfied from the evi
dence that such great disproportion existed In
this case.
United States District Judere de Haven
yesterday handed j own an opinion In the
libel of J. D. Spreckels & Bros. Company
against the ship Musselcrag to recover
$12,733 for damage done by sea water to
a cargo of cement on the voyage from
Antwerp to San Francisco.
Accuses Attorney Tuska, Mrs.
Tuska and W. 0. Bruson
of Cheating Him.
Cargo of Oement Spoiled
Through Vessel Leak
ing. Badly.
J. G. Schwalm Says He
Was Victimized in
Stock Deal.
Captain of Musselcrag
Should Have Put In
for Repaira
SHIP MUST PAY
HALF DAMAGES
Stern Wheeler Columbia Crosses the Bow of the Southern Pacific
Company's Encinal and an Accident Is Avoided by a Margin
of Not More Than Two Yards of Storm Tossed Water
WAITS IN VAIN
FOR DIVIDENDS
COLLISION IS NARROWLY AVERTED
AND PASSENGERS PANIC-STRICKEN
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1903.
10
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
No other soap in
the world is used so
much; or so little of
it goes so far.
Sold all over the world.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
Museum of ahatohy^
A Q) ::::«cusx;n.be:.6:ic»,s.r.ci!. A
X Hf The Larfwt Ar»tomic»! Mu«.*um in the \
W f*Tt**L *»"^ Wesknet»ei or *,, r cootracted Q
7 ?£- Si dl»e»*e a>»^«l»el|' nnH r> y t i, e oldest T
O fSSsl ir^* ai ''"° 11 ibeCcut. Ii»i. 34 ye»ii. Q
6 A^KA OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ F &%£ty n CowoliitiM fre* and rtrirtly pri^ite. \
C S yh'tzn TiMiiairt prrjontlijr or by letter. A A
\ P Ur R '**""* **** '¦ crctj case undertaken. T
ApB (lid Wrtefor Bx.l.ruii.OH(iray.f A
V • 'J IT ntnnucE, mailed fkee. (at
A i\ (i- nlusMe book tot m»n) \
V DB.. JUCDiS4CO.. ICSl Market St-.S. P. 9
H Kfc Tho'c snfferiae from weat-
a W& nesses trliJch sap the pleasures
B ¦ B of life should take Juven Pills.
in One bottle will tell a story of
mcrrelouR results. This medicine has more
rejuvenatinc. vjta'.itine forte than has ever
been off erea. Sent bF mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and $L
Made by its originators C L Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's t'arsaparilla. Lowell. Mass,
RAILWAY TBAVEU^___
¦ ?.00a Benicla. SuUun. Elmir* «d 3»e«- J2ir
740* Nile*. Llrerftiore. Latnrop. 8tt)c* gF
»tM«ry«TllI« for Grldley.Btg«s JA^
8 00a Fort Costa. .Martlnex, Antli>cn. B£
S.UUA r» ,stockton.SiM:r;inento.
Los Bonos. Meniota. HftDrrtrd.
eosnen Juactlon. IUaford. VI-
.JOA "^j*^ spr-n,.) Willows.
tFrnto. Ked Uluff. Po rtl » n< J.-/V'i- 7 '* V
B-SOa Xlley. San Joto. U*«™™£2&:-
ton,Ioo«\8»cr»iiBento.PWieerTtJie.
M»ry«Tllle. Chlco, P.ed Woff..^ 4-W»
§..30* Ostd*le. Chinese. JsmertowB. So- _-
•*^ aora. Tnolncinc and Angels « |»J
t-00* M*rt!on»na WayStmtlom 1? |2*
Twer. Lsthrop. Stock ton,
Merced. R^jmoart. T™ 9 ™' »•*
Auc elei and El P»»o- - < wes»-
bound »rrlTe. wfci C««* "f •>— «»•»
10.00a Tbe OrerluKl limited — Ugdea. _„
1B4W Dearer. Omkhs. ChlcsKO. ,211
1*00» Hujwsrd. Kile* » ml Way Stations. *«'
l2or Benlcis, Winters. BaerajneBte,
Woodl«nd. WIlllMBi. Colu«».WM-
l«fi, Knights Landing. Marys- - ._
Tille OroTflls ud»U .tatlone.. 10 Ma
4.00, »«^scr:»r^ockto=: 1j1| ;
Joie. LlTsnnore fn 1.68*
6 00*- The Owl Llmlte<l— Frewo. Tulere, •
lUkar.aold. Los ?¦gales .....--. ¦¦»•*
ttXIr Port Coatm. Trscy. Btocktom. um
tf-JOr H?rwsrdI"?fVleV»nd"8aB 'JiiX'.'.lll ,||f*
SMr Hiywsrd. Nllee sad San Jose. 102S*
loir Oriental Mtn-0rt«. p«»«f. _
Oman*, St. LooU. Chicago and
Ka»t. Port Coata. Denteia, Silt-
win. Elmlrs. D«tU. Bacrmmente,
RockllD. Aubnrn. Colf«x.
Trackee. Bock, B»no. Wads-
worfb. WlBaemeeea, Battle
Motintata. Elko — «•*»»
%.. Beno. TrueJtee. 8acTsmen«o. Darts,
Salsun, Benicte, port Celt*...... 7-M*
t.fiOr Vallejo, daily, except Band*/.... t 7 jf»
7.00, Yallejo, Sunday onlr ••••"•• '
7X0r Baa Pablo, Port Costa, MarU»e«
' and Way SKUlone. 1141*
B-SSf Oregoa * CalUornis Kxpreaa— Sae-
ramento, Mary»Tlll». Redding. __
Portlaad. Poge t Board and Bast. ¦•»•*>
f.ilr Hayward, KUcsandSan Joie (Saa-
<J»y only) ••••••
11 £&r Fort Costs, Trser. Lathrop. Mo-
deito, Merced. Raymond (te Ye»
Semite). Freino, Uaniord. V> .____
aalla. BakeranHd 1Z»»»1
COAST LINE IJ«"« «*»ege>.
(Foot of Market 8 tre«t.>
" 745* Sanu Crux Xxcunion f8aad*7
CDiy) ;•— M 8 *
1.1 5 a 5swMk. Centcrrllle. flsn Joie,
Felton. Boulaer Creak. Santa, __
Crnx and Way Statlona ¦¦Z»»
tS.1l' Kewark. Centerrllle. B*n Jose.
NewAlmtdea.Loi G«to«.Feltoo.
Boaldrr Creek. Banta Cm* and .___..
Principal Way Stations 10-81*
4.15* Newark. San Jose. Los Oatos and
way nation* (on Saturday and
Snndsy rum throngh to Bant*
Crnz: Monday only from Saeta
Cruz). Connects at Kclton to
•nd from Poolrtcr Creek t».3»s>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY-
From SAN KI:a>CISCO. Foot of M»rket St. (81tp«»
— fl:15 t:00 11:00 a.*. 100 3-00 6.18 rjl.
Itma OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 »:e»
tB:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2.00 400 T.M.
COAST LINE (Bros* «aw).
tST (Third ami fowngeuil 8treeta.>
' f.lOA San Join and Way Stations. I33»
t/CO* Ban Jo«e and Way Statlona. %SZr
7.1 Sa Monterey and Santa Crni Eio«r-
slon (Sunday only) S-SOp
100 a New Almnden (Tue«.. Fr'.d.. only), 4>10»
00a CoaitLtne Limited— 9toptooly9sa
Joie. Ollroy (connection for Hot-
Uiter), Pajaro. Caitrorltle. 8v
llnaa. Ban Ardo. Faio Roblea.
BantaMnrgarlt&.Saa Lnli Oblapn.
eaadalnpe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara. Samgns
snd Los Angeles. Connection at
CaitroTtlle to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grore 10.4k*
1.00a Ian Jose. Tres Pin 01, CapUola,
SantaCrnx.PaeiaeOroTe.Saltnai.
Ban Lots Oblspo and PriBcipal
Intermediate Station* 4-10*>
ff>-30A Ban J«ie and Way Statloaa..... .. 1.20V
114K>a Cemetery racaenger — 5oati Baa
Francisco. Saa Brane ........... 1.08*
11-30A Santa Clars. Ban Joie. Lot Gatos
and Way Buttons 7.38»
«U0r B»n Jose and Way Stitlons X7 00r
|.00r Saa Jcse as4 Way Stations 19 43a
Z.iCr Cemetery Passenger — 6««th Bam
Frandtco. Baa Brnao. ........... 4-33#
tJXOr Del Monte Kxpresa— Santa Clara,
Baa Jon;. Del Xante. Monterey.
Pacific GroTe (eennecu at Santa-
Clara for Santa Crnz. Bonlder
Creek snd Harrow Gange Points) M 2-11*
IJOr r»clflc Gtots and Way Btetlons—
H«rIlngani«.San Mateo.Redw.oed.
Menlo Park. Pale Alto. MAyflsld.
Masnuli View. Lawrence. Seat*
Clam. 8»» Jose. (Ollroy. Holll*.
ter. Tres Plnos). Pajar*. Wataoar
Ttlle. CaplMJs, Santa Crui, Ca*-
troTlIl*. Ballaai 10 4S*
t-iOr San Joie tnd War Buttons 1 .39*
¦COr 8sn Jose. (t1» Sanu Clara) Lea
Oatos. Wright aad Principal Way
Stations (except Bnnday).... 9 00a
46 JOr Ban Jos« and Principal Way SUMons rt-OO*
tS.l&r K»o M*iro, Bi?resfonl,Be!rao»i.8«tt
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto T$-*%*
f-ZOr Ban Jose snd Way Buttons l.ia*
XDr Bnniet Limited, Eastbound.— Saa
Lnts Oblspo. Santa Barsera. Loe
Angeles. Demlng. El Paeo. He*
Orleans. New York. (Westboend
arrrres rla S«n Jtmqnla V»ll»y). .. w8 n *.
R.OOr Palo Alto and Way Stattoas 10-1&A
.SOr Sooth Ban Francisco. Mlllbne.\
Barltngame. Saa Mateo, Bel-
mont, Saa Carlos, Redwood, M .-
Fair Oak*. Menlo Park. Palo II If*
Alto, May field. Mounuin View. *••*•»
BnnnyTale. Lawrence, 8uu
Clara and Baa Joae... ...........
A for Morning. P for Afternoom.
X Saturday and Sunday only. j Saad»y aetlt
I Stops at all lUttons oa Sunday.
1 8nnday ezeepted. e Saturday only.
* V la Coaat Line. *» Via San Joaqam T»Uey.
• P.eno train eaitbonnd dlseonUaned.
Bronly trains stopping at Valencia St. seataW«B4
•«i:10A.M-t7:OOAai..ll:(10A.M..a:a}r.M.s«idl:«0».^,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
T-iB3SSS223
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COKPAST.
Tlbnroa Perry, root of Market Street.
SA2ST rSAXrCZSCO TO SAJC BATAZL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 9:00, U:0O a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trla
at 11:30 d. m.- ?«
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a.m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAPAEL TO SAW TmASCXSCO.
WEEK DATS — «:06. 7:35. 7:60. 8:20. 11:15
a. m. : 12:50. 3:40. 6:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40. 11:15 a. m • l-*0 340.
4:55. &:C5. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco.! Sept. 27. 1003. [San Francisco.
Week 1 Sen- I Destina- I Sun- I Weelc
Days. 1 days. | tlon. ( days. | Days.
7:30a 8:00a ~ I 9:10a 8:40a
9:30 a _ Ignado. 10:40a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:3Op 6:03 p 6:20 »
5:10 p 5:00 p |7:35p
7:30 a ' [ B:1O a 8:40 a
8:00 a Norato. - 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluxna 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
< 5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p .
Windsor. - • •
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg, 10:40 a 10:20 a,"
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30p GeyservUle. 7:33 p «:20p
___^ Cloverdale.
7:30 at 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|lO:2O a
_3^30ji!_3:30 pi and Uklaa. | 7:33 p|_6:2O p
*7:30al 8:0Oa| WlUlts. I 7:35*p|~e72O p
7:30 al 8:00 a] Z 110:40 a|10-20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p[ Gnernevllle. i7:33pj 6:20 p
7:30 aj 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10anT : 40~a
5:10 p| 5:00 pi Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pj 6:20 p
-7:3Oa| 8:00 al ; |lO:4O~a|To : 2O a
3:30 p| 3:30 p[ Sebastopol. |7:35p|6;2Sp
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at G«y-
serville for Skaggs Springs ; at Cloverdal* for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland SdiIbm
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda B*» £?k?*
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Btue Lakes Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. UpperLake pj££
Potter Valley. John Day-.'. Wreraldt. uSSy^
Bucknell's. banhedrln Heights. Hullrill*. rw^I
Hot Sprlnp. Halfway Hou«. Comptche damo
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City? Fort *Br«*«
w e ,tport. Usal: at Wllllta for Fort Brace
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. CovelloT La«onl
vllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris o£
and'Eur&f; Garberv » 1 '- P'PP^ood?"sco^
duled U ratis. tO Monday «-°<«(l-trip tickets at re-
On Sunda'y— Round-trip tickets to all polnu
beyond San Rafael at half rates. P°mta
building* ° fflCe ' C3 ° MarkBt 8tre * t - Ch««We>
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manajer. Gen. Pass* Agt.
JLDVEBTISEMENTS.
We Please the
Fastidious
With our laundry work-rwhy not you?
The more critical you are about your
linen the better -we'll like it, for we cater
to the best class of patrons In San Fran-
cisco. On mail, messenger, personal or
phone order we call for and deliver gen-
tlemen's and family: washing, and ask
now for only a "try" at your week's
washables.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MABKET BTSSST,
Near Powell.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK-SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
Phila.. Oct. 14. 10 amIN. York.Oct. 2S. 10 am
St. Louls.Oct. 21, 10 am' Phila Ncv. 410 am
ATZiANTXC TRANSPORT LIITE.
New Tork — £onaon . Direct.
Masaba...Oct. 1O, 9 amlMineap'ls.Oct. 24, 8 am
Mn'fka.Oct. 17,l:30pmlMinh'ha.Oct. 31,1:30pm
Only Firnt-clasa Passengers Carried.
DOMimOH LINE.
Boston — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Mayflower ......Oct. 8 New England... Oct. 29
Columbus(new).Oct. 15 Mayflower Nov. 5
Commonwealth. Oct. 22 Columbus Nov. 12
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Dominion Oct. lOICanada -Oct. 31
Eouthwark Oct. 17lSouthwark .....Nov. 7
Boston Mediterranean Wr *«
AZORES— GIBRALTAR— NAPLES— GENOA.
Vancouver Sat.. Oct. 10. Nov. 21
Cambroman Sat.. Oct. 31
RED STAR BIKE.
New York — Antwerp — Paris.
Finland.. Oct. 10. 10 am I Kroon' Id. Oct. 24.10 am
Vad'land.Oct. 17,10 ami Zealand. Oct. 31, 10 am
WHITE STAR LINE. .
Hew York — Qneenstown — Liveroool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Cedric.... Oct. 9. 7 am Celtic. Oct. 16, 1:30 pm
Armenlan.Oct. 13,10am Oceanic. . .Oct. 21,6 am
Majestic. .Oct. 14. noon Cymric. Oct. 23.7am
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coart,
21 Post st.; San Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
. Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling: at Kobe (Hiogro),
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting: at
Hongkong with steamers -for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S S. NIPPON MARU.........
.........Thursday, October 15, 1003
8. 8. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday, November 10, 1003
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, December 3, 1003
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
,¦¦.•¦•--.. W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
¦' Mare ; Island . and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m..' 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 0:45 a.m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejj,
7 a. 'm.,' 12:30 noon.' 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2, Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. ,
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Your Trip East
Perhaps you came from the East
and are now planning to go back. If
you came over our line you know how
good the service is, the comfort and
convenience of oar tourist Bleeping
cars, and how our. special conductor
assisted in making the trip easy and
interesting.
WHY NOT GO BACK
WITH US?
I am here to arrange all the details
for you. We have tourist parties
which leave for Chicago, St. Louis
and Boston every- week by way of
Salt Lake City, through glorious
Colorado by daylight and via Denver.
You can stop over at interesting places
if you wish, as one of the excursions
has been so arranged.
Kindly drop me a line, saying just
when you are going and what you would
lik£ to do, and I will see that you are
thoroughly posted. Then, if you wish,
I will reserve a sleeping berth for you
and see that you are comfortably
started on your journey.
W. D. SANDORN, Gen'1 Agt. Burlington Routs,
631 Market Street, San Francisco.
843 . . •
TO SAN RAFAEL*
iSraHUy SAN QUE.TTIN,
WILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
J?ffijSj|jSS'tfiii.S[jS4£><i via Sausalito Terry.
WEEK DAYS — (Holidays excepted)— 6:45,
t»7:45 8:45, 9:45, 11 a. m., 12:20, 'l^a, 3:13,
4:16, 't5:15, 'OjIo. 6:45, 9, 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does tct run to
"'SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7,
+8, f«» +*10. 11. tH:«*«> ». m - t!2:30. fl:3O.
2:35 »3:50 B. tt, 7:30. 0. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO
—Week daj-B— 6:25. J6:25. 7:40, 8:15, J9:35,
11:05 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20. {3:45. 4:50. 0:30. 6:45.
10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— C. 15, 7:35. tS:10. 9:4C. $10:55.
Jll:45 a. m.. 12:^0, 2:30. J3:25, 4:40. J5:50,
6:35 7:35, 10:20 p. m. i
Trains marked <l) start from' San Quentln.
FROM MILX. VALLEY TO SAN* FRAN-
CISCO — Week days — 5:45. 6:40. 7:45. 8:25.
0:45 11:10 a. m., 12:40. 2:45, 4:15. 5:10. 7:05.
10:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— <5:35. 7:53. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05.
1:00 2:40, 3:45, 4:05, «:06. 7:10, 10:40 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays exeepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Leeal Holidays — 8 a. m., Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Lepal Holldays^ — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way station*.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market at.
FERRY — Foot of Market. st.
I CALIFORNIA g
I LIMITED TO CHIOAQO I
R Leaves Mondays and Thursdays n
H at OiSO a. m., through In • days* |
li with dlnsr and all trappings* n
Other Santa Fs Trains :
2 : 5 ?" «' I 'o«" Stockton, Fresno, BakemfieM,
2 : S «' I Merce4, Haaford an« VUalla.
o:oo p. m. i
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Xaaaaa City, Grand Caayoa and
Chicago.
Tickkt Officm: 641 Market St., and Ynty
Depot. S. r. Also 111) Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave I fk lt«»U» Jorf" Arrive .
BiFtea. MWfcrtO Sea rraa.
WeS Sun- «3ft*w Sw»- IWeST
P*r»- d*T» ffSmfffik ***** P* 7 *-
tuft* kiOOa ie&S&Ssk i»:0O*5TT3I
l*45r »:OOa UHKWSW 1S»*S* S:3O?
&tl*plO:OOA xmmS&mSSV S:3Ot *:«O»
___ H:SOa iSlsBsS' *'*«-
M liSOr S:45p
| S:36rj S:OOr ,
fctmfayi teiy, low Tren T P?3OT,«rrh»lf. lli>O»
fltUf 1 62* HjkMMMX St- (North Shon Railreadj'
Mica I— 4SAW*Lrr» Pekkt. Foot Market Si
OCEAN TEAVEL.
S Steamers leave Saa Fran-
cisco as follows: -
For Ketchikan. "Wrangrel.
Juneau. Halnes. Skagway.
etc., Alaska— 11 a. tn., Oct.
8. 13. 18. 23. 28. Nov. 2.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett. 'Whatcom — 11 a. m. Oct. 8. 13.
18, 23. 2S. Nov. 2. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and «.?. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m., Oct. 13. .19. 25. 31, Nov. 6; Corona, 1:30
p. m.,Oct. 10. 16. 22. 29 Nov. 3.
For Los Anceles (via Port Los Angreles and
Redondo). San.' Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 ai.m.. Oct. 8, 16. 24, Nov. L
Bonita, 9 a. m.. Oct. 12. 20. 28, Nov. 5.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Rltrht is reserved to change steamers or tall-
Ing dates. ___ .
TICKET OPnCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
CJ. D. DUNANN, General Passenger. Asrent,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
•/Columbia" sails Oct. 10, 20. 30. Nov. 9, 19,
29. "George W. Elder" sails Oct. 5. 15. 25.
Nov. 4, 14. 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND, OR., and short rail, line from Portland
to all points East. Through tlcket3 to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept..
1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
Oceanic8.s.co.iai5
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu.Oct. 17. Ha. m.
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 26. 11 a. m.
S S. SIERRA for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. 29, 2 p. m.
ijj?SEttn!& i arcM$is.,TWititfs^Mjiartjia
fntttUBctJU Birtst.t.fitfla. IJtstoiL
COKFAGHIS OEMEEALE TRA5SATLAKTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. JMkw
Sailing every Thursday Instead of<KSfEKft
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, •**MHSir
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. 570 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to -Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 ¦ Broadway (Hudson Building)
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
, Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.- -»' ¦ , ¦¦-' ¦ ' •? - " . ¦'.'¦¦¦'
long side. We rather feel ourselves that ulti
mately corn is' due to work lower." ' ¦ ¦ .
Western, sacked, $1 40 tor Yellow. $1 40 for
White and $1 35 for mixed: California largo
Yellow. *1 45@1 50; small round do. $1 70©
1 t5; White. $1 60 per ctl.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $a 2u(g2 50 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.r "'.
: FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 609
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 60;
Oregon ' and Washington, $3 0CX&4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 90® 4 40 for Bakers*.' L*! %
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham : Flour. $0 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $:t 25; Rye Meal, *3; Klce Flour, $T.
Corn ¦ I^eal. $3 25-; extra cream- do,' $4; Oat
Groats, $4 CO; Hominy, *4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 5004 75; Cracked Wheat. J3 75: Fa
rina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50:' Rolled
Oats, 1 bbls, $7 25(g,S 60; In sacks. $6'75@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Pea*,' boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lba. ~ . -,
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Bran and Middlings rule firm, as offerings
are lighter and the demand Is good. There
Is no change In Hay,- which Is selling well at'
the good prices. ...... .. . v
Straw is nrm at a slight advance. , •¦ '.
BRAN— $21 50622 50. per ton.
, 5 MIDDLINGS— J26 C0@23 per ton.
SHORTS— $21 '50022 60 per ton.
FKEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24@25 " per
ton; Oilcake Meal nt the mill, $26@2C 50; Job
bing. $27®27 50; Cocoanut Cake. $21622; Corn
: Meal, $32 50S33; Cracked. Corn, $33@S3. 60
?"xed Feed, $22 50®23 50; Horse peans, $28@30
1 HA°Y— Wheat.S $13^16. with saies ct' extra
choice at $10 50; Wheat and Oat," $12 50®
15 50; Oat, $12 5W14 60; Wild Oat. $11 50#
12 50; Barley. $10^12 50; Stock. $9@10;: Alfal
fa. $10011 50 per ton. - -.
•STRAW — 10(g65cper bale. *"
Bezns and Seeds;
. Lima - Beans? " have again df?cl!ned, and are
offering In large lines. •The Other sorts are
dull and weak, with large arrivals, as will be
seen below. . ' . . -
BEANB— Bayos. . $2 35-92 65; Pea, $3 23:
Butters.' nominal ;• tmall .White. $.1®3 15; large
White. $2 5O®2 05: Pink. $2 40®'.' (i."i; Red,
$2 90®3: Lima. $3 2503 35; Red Kidneys,
$4 50; Black -eye. $2 50(&2 (55 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $140® 1 50.
• SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal ; Yellow,
Mustard, nominal; Flax,- $1 "061 80;' Canary.
5©5t4c- for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal: Rape,
l?i@2^c: Timothy, 6(gff%c: Hemp, .imw-.c
per lb; Millet. 3@3'/4c; Broom Corn Seed, $20®
23 per ton.- ' • ¦ : - .
:•- DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 dO@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
¦ ' Prices of Potatoes had no quotable change.
Good Salinas sold oft well, but river and Ore
gon ¦ Burbanks were ; in • free i supply I and quiet.
There ; were no fresh arrivals of Sweet. Pota
toes and canled-over, stock was in -good* re
quest at.Bteady prices. Choice ' Onions were in
small* supply 'and firm at the advance. already
¦noted.", ..¦.'¦ '.,.'-. ¦ ¦ - -. . ¦
.Nearly all kinds of were In 'am
ple supply and trade wag. moderately active.
Green., IVppers and • Okra .were - firmer under
.light receipts." and Lima; Beans were firm ut
higher - rates.- :. Tomatoes -, continued in . heavy
supply ; and ihe '., market ¦ was , easy, for the gen
eral run- of . supplies. The' canners- were, buy-
Ing; at the .minimum quotation .' and ' secured
quite a'» quantity:*. ', The other vegetables were
in- good; supply .- and In 'fair request at un
changed-prices." -• ' -
•"'¦• fOTATOSS — Burbanks from the river. CO©
75o per ct^iSallnas Burbanks, $1 25111 40 ptr.
'ctl : - Orerjon Burbanks,'; 75®S5c 1 per ctl ; - River
Reds. 80@90c •; per ¦ ctl ; Sweet . Potatoes," $1 50
per ctl for -Merced and $1;25 for Stockton, v
ONIONS— C0fiS5c: per ctl.' ~ , ¦ :¦ ; ,; ,r-
VEGETABLES— Green. Corn. 75c«?$l per
F«ck or. crate:' Oreen Peas 2»3:ic per Ib; String
Beana;'li / i@2"i4c.per lb: Wax. 2»4©3c:;Uma
Bfans; u@4c, per- lb; ', Tomatoes.- 25(g50c per
box; . Summer> Squash,'. .'J5@40c ' per ''ibox: Cab
bagp.',. OOc'per ctl; Carrots, ,75c ' per;sack; Cu
cumbers,"/' .'tSiS'K'c per box: Garlic," «' 24i3c
per * lb ; ¦ Green \ Peppers, i 35® SOc . per box ' for
Chile and 40©60c >for -Bell; .Green 3 . Okra. -40®
7£»c per box; tEgjr Plant. 35C50c per box; Mar
rowfat', Squash. . $10012 per » ton. ¦ ~ ¦ <-:
Poultry \and Game. )., -..
. .Receipts of Poultry, were • liberal' arid In
cluded much; young stock.' which; was 'dull; as
retailers <* were .well 'supplied -:wlth w Western.
Largo , old * Roosters', and ', Hens." especially < the
latter. " : , were ; in : good * demand : and cleaned '. up
quickly d at:- good - prices. ;> Young ' Ducks and
Spring LTurkeys were ' in ; rather ¦ small ¦ supply
and "soldi well rat -steady -prices.- -¦ '•' ¦¦.'.
;.- POULTRY— Live- Turkey*. 20©23c per lb for
young an'l ?; 14© 17c ¦ for I old : I Geese. ¦ oer ¦- pair.
$1 75@2; Goslings. $2@2 25; Ducks, $5@5 50 per
idozen^for old and, $5 -MSB 50 for young; Hen*.*
$5 5006 60;forilarge and $4 50®5 50 : for small:
young Roosters " $4 5005 50; old Roosters.' $4 50
05; Frytrs i$3 60®4 50; 'Broilers. ;$3@3 50 for
large \ and $2 50i&3 , for small; Pigeons, $t@l 25
per ¦ dozen -for old and ' $292 25 for. Squab*. J ¦¦,. ¦
••GAME— Rabbits. -$1 75 per dozen ' for, COtton- '¦
'tall* $1-25 forjbrush: Hare. $1' per, do«en; ? Wild ;
Doves, e $1125 .?per> dozens English. Snipe. -$3 60
per dozen ; . Gray, Geese, ; $4 50 per iozen. :' " .,
t^Butter^Clieeseand-Eggs]:^
,Most -dealers , are "oversupplled with '. Butter
.r New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. ».— The etock market this
morning continued to show depression and dis
couragement. The prof eauional trader* sought
to take advantage' of this movement. to force
liquidation "by "ottering price* down. Their op
erations of th-.t- character became eo overex
tended as to result in a rather urgent borrow
ing" dtrm&nd' for etock. TaKing warnins from
thu condiaon, ¦ the thorts covered their con-'
tracts, causing the late recovery In the market.
Thle »a£ quite comprehensive -and lifted the
level of prices well above last night. The elofc
¦ tr* was. about eteady and near the top. The
;¦.'¦¦:¦ ::.:;.i.\,:.* influence en the market was etill
the testimony concerning the promotion, under
writing and flotation of the - United . States
shipbuilding capital elicited In the receivership
proceedings. The . dlitcjocures brought out by
these proceedings have caused a state of Irrita
tion and . distrust among the- shareholders dif
' ncult to descnl*-, and the character of the dis
cussion of the fpisode In Wall street is of a
kina regarding trust and truet promoting not
uften Ji« *rra In the financial district itself., Lon
..•!. felt the rtHex cf thie influence this morning
snd>StE sales in this marbtt were an Important
*rlranect ia the early depression. When "the
lJtm&oa »eilrr:g had been completed the recovery
eet In. .The industrial department naturally
was- roost affected by the prevailing sentiment
and the United States Steel stock* and the
Amalgamated Copper bore the brunt of the
•pjf-fcfcjije. . United States Steel cemmon and
a rr.aJRiina.ted Copper both touched lower prices
' ti:^a" tver before. The London depression had
njfflt -auii. Jn fears prevalent ther« that next
w^fk'i! BtocU Exchange settjement would re
vul ecjtne em.barrai«Rinent. The persistent
uodirwara course »f United States Steel bond*
:« «Ej^tiaJly disturbing to sentiment elnee the
jfcdcrr.ption of the dividend on the common
stock. Toe long d>dlne In the common Etock
•,vrs *oupht to be eiplaihed as due to the un
wirM)" btrtfcvvf that J»Mie rather than to forth
com.lr.g bai news. Now Chat the bad news is
*fecnno :......- n a factor. fe*!lng 1» more »en
eilSve over the continued decline . In the pre
fer rfA A'tqck jind the bonds. ' The annual report
at the earning* of the Metropolitan Street Rail
way, thewin* a deficit after payment of -the 7
per c*ht <Jlvlc>nd puaranleed. without aUow
*?£*. for the franchise tax. pending the appeal
. to- the courts. wai> not won«e than had been ex
i«.cted and was followed' by some recovery In
ill* nock. Itrpcrts of frosU in the corn -belt
luT'LaLly -had rcrne influence on the ' early - de
vHtm, tnjt <1W not Interfere wlta the recovery,
(¦•wing to. tSw ; .I'tap of uneasiness over the
nr.-fc.nt corn rm,,. A fallin* off In wheat ex
;>-.rrt* cf l.lir.i.UT.'.t bushel*, compared with la*t
"™C«M <i*sa:>i>o!nt!n« and helped to explain
tl.'i arrest in the downward tendency In the
'xchanp. market. The shipment of currency
to lb* interior has been Fomcwhat heavier than
• _.trt we«fk. th* outward movement being nearly
• .-'.OWt.ooo. TWf movement 1* still well below
tire normal for this period of ¦ the year and
w<rn» to havl- bwn more than offset by the re-
Cfrrjn'yn of Oovfrnment bond* and other sub
tre*stir> operation*, «o that a gain of several
hur.drtd thousand dollars In cart reserves Is
promised for the banks. The" loan Item "Is ''in
th» 3511*1 obscurity.
Tho. bend mark* was heavy in «-«pathy
tvltn stuck?, but made sorae recovery. Total
*&*¦ I«ar value. Sl.flSS.OOQ.
liirt'rilf statca s « declined Vt, per cent, on the
, ¦ NEW YORK STOCK LIST. . ,
PCtryk— pgje,. High. Low. Close.
tcW«oa • ; 22.400 C4% V2% . €»%
tchlson pM ...;. S00 fcg^ * 68V* ¦"•¦' 33%
'EASTERN MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.* , ¦
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. ... _ J4 52%'
Stirling Exchange, sight __ 4 8CVi
Sterling Exchange. • cables. 4 87^4
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce • ¦ 59*:
Mexican Dollars ....-...:.. 47 . 43
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Foreign'futures were higher. Chi
cago reported that foreign markets were not
much ¦ affected by the,' Russian-Japanese situ
ation. The weak feature at Chicago was the
small ; export ¦ demand. Bradstreet's gave. ' the
exports for the week.- Flour included at 2 -
278,000 bushels. ',
The Chicago letter of Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co. said: "Foreign 'markets show Indifference
to any otrength here, and Broomhall ' cables
that the Liverpool market j. Is still depressed
by large Russian and Indian offerings and fine
crop prospects In Argentina. Export clear
ances for the week were about 2,800,000. Last
X c Jt^ £?> wei ? ex P° rtin K at the ra£e of about
5,000,000 bushels per week. Primary receipts
are slightly less than a year ago. This is to
some extent accounted for by the unfavorable
weather. In the Northwest. At the present
rate of accumulation and movement it looks
as if the visible .supply balance of this year
would Increase more -rapidly than last. There
seems a probability that the Minneapolis mills
will settle the strike this afternoon. They re
port a fairly good demand for Flour, with but
little for. export. "- There is. also a rather alack
» demand reported : by 'the Interior : and South
western mills. ' On .the theory that American
markets cannot, long etand on 'an independent
basis and out < of line with the . importing de
mand of other countries "^-e see little that Is
bullish In • the " situation on • Wheat.' Minne
apolis is supported by local speculative j con
ditions, based on the small arrivals of con
tract' Wheat.- Of course the poor Wheat: will
move from, the farms soon. St. Louis is sup
ported out of .line by. strong manipulation and
as. of course, contract .Wheat ,1s" practically
of the same "grade, that tends to support .'us.-
These conditions ." are. ."however,..' necessarily
temporary. -.We would stick to the short side. '.' ¦
This- market , was weak and lower,'- both ¦> as
to cash' grain and . futures; with country sellers
more willing to ; meet", buyers. . ¦ -. .
,.- f .: /CASH WHEAT. - •' . '¦%
California' Club, T 't"$1.40@l 45; California
White Australian. $1 50&1 S5; Northern Club,
$1 40@l 45: Northern Blue, Stem,. $1 50@l 65;
Oregon Valley. ,$1 4001 45 per ctl. .
., >-i •',,,., FUTURES.
, Session 9 to lliSO'a.m. -L? .*a'.v
Open. High. Low.' "Close.
December . .$1 40 - « $1 40% ?1 30 $l 3D '
May ... :...., 1 40>4 .1.40% 1,40'ii ; l,40y 4
' ' ' ¦ '2 p. ! m. Sc6glon. . : .¦ ¦ .
December— $138?i. 4 .;•-.. ¦
,'BARLEY-rrFeed- and : Brewing, descriptions
are very -firm - with .a good .d«mnnd,...but-. fu^
ture« -were lower yesterday. ,'Chevaller Is. quiet
and "somewhat lower.-'
;.Vir .. '¦» CASH BARLEY. r;.-.. ( . i
'Feed.'. $1' 12V6@l» 16; Shipping and Brewing.
$1'17H®1 22%; Chevalier.- $1 20®l 45 for. fair
to choice. - ¦¦'-' - .:'¦'
'FUTURES. -". ' . ¦
S'.sslon 0 to 11:30 a. m. /.
'*> - Open,' -"; High. .4. Low." . Close.
December ..$1 10%. $1 11%;" $110> y -i $i'll%
'.,'••' ,v'' ' ,'. ',' ¦'. f'2 P.m. SesElon.. ¦ .
December— $1 11%.: ,'-¦ . ..
'•¦ OATS — The. -situation! remains, unchanged,
some sellers reporting an active and others -a'
quiet > market: *¦» Quotations ¦ remain •* as : before.
.-.White. $120©l 32%; -.Black. $1 40®l CO; Red;
U 20@l- 25. for< feed ?and:$l 25@1 35 for seed;
Gray, $1 22%@1 27%' per.ctl.v • v> . - • ;¦ ,^>. E
'¦S' CORN— Prices \ have ;'not ; varied ' for •* some
days. ; The : feeling ' 1* ,'weak.^ Western ¦ descrip
tions, are offering ; f re«ly;, ¦> but ¦' the 'demand is
¦lack.-; ~.^.-^ ¦¦¦':<! ™^j'-- --'¦ •¦¦ «-,-• . .-¦• u^v:
, '-The 'Chicago Hetter: of Bolton;^ De : Ruyter ¦ &
Co.. says: ..'.'Markets Is .quiet: and v: a -shade
'easier.'., There ,1 are ' no ¦_ pronounced \ operations'
¦ on' either ' side of . the \ market.^ .?'A ; ; good • many
of the recently, successful | and 1 prominent ¦ bears,
have ', either '. partially - or .-¦ wholly • covered 2 their
lines. •-* Country - offerings are Btlll small*, and
the demand V fairly i* good.' -This .relieves ? the
market j for ; the - time , being . from • much sell-
Ing pressure. " and ; Imparts a steadier, tone,; 1 As
conditions t; of," supply.* and . demand ¦•,must^ultl
| mately fix a price, much ' depend* , on : the point
at ", which 1 the > country:' will let ; go ; of ' Its • sup- ;
; piles • of i old ; corn.'.t; In • the '- meantime- ' there «. Is
no great amount of tal ent" apparent on x the
Chi, M ft S PauI.130U So Railway 3«H
De Be«r»- 19H Do pfd 78,
Den & Klo G 19% So Pacific 40%
Do pfd ........ 69% Union Pacific. .... 71&
I Erie 27H Do pfd ........ 87
DO 1st pfd..... 67U US Steer....... 15%
Do 2d. pfd. .... . 48 .-- Do pfd v. ...... 63%
111 Central ..132U Wabash ......... 18%
Louis ft Nash.... 99>,i Do pfd 30&
j Mo. Kans & Tex.. 17%
Bar silver — Steady, 27%d per ounce. ¦
Money, 1%©1% per cent , .
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 3%®3 7-16 per cent" and for
three months' bills 3 7-lC@3^ per cent."
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Oct. 9.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for tho .week ended
October 8, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared '¦ with the corresponding
week last -year: .-.,-. . . .
Percentages.
Cities— Amount. 1 Inc. Dec.
•New York....... $1,283, 450. 745 . . 23.5
•Chicago 190,064,328. 16.2 ....
•Boston.... 130,306,168 .... 10.9
•Philadelphia .:.. 115,535,151 .... 2.1)
•St. Lous -.-.' 64,223.890 15.1
Plttsburg .... 43,205,536 0.7 ....
•San Francisco.... 32.423,415 " ',9.3 ' -'..i.
•Baltimore 25,677,938 9.7 ....
Cincinnati .21,759,600 4.8 ....
•Kansas City 26,825,ft83 20.3' ....
Cleveland 13,939,200 0.7 ....
•Minneapolis 18,427,859 0.3
•New. Orleans..... 14,464,384 22.3 ....
Detroit ..' 11.148.68S 14.6 ....
•Louisville .j...... 9,763.197 -.-... 7.4
Omaha. ...:....... 8,2S6.701 • 9.0 ....
•Milwaukee. 8,285,487 10.5 ....
•Providence 6.572.800 3.1
•Buffalo' 7,032,204 15.7 '....
•St. Paul 6,915,769 3.0 -....
Indianapolis • 6,854,618 11.1 ....
Los Angeles 6.553,214 38.9 ....
•tft, Joseph 4,649,673 13.8 ....
Denver. 5.321.288 * 21.4 .....
Richmond .: 4.557,761 •• 4.7 ....
Columbus ....... ' n,025,500 13.6 " ;...
Seattle ...... 4.897,388 . 5.7 ...;
W r ash»ngtou 4,629.983 0.9
•Savannah 6,287.303 37.5
Memphis .'. 4.203,054 7.8 ....
Albany 4.267.7.6J . 1.4 ....
Salt Lake City.... 2.905.202 10.7
•Portland. Or 4.180,708 .... . 7;S
•Toledo 3.249,344 9.4
Fort Worth ...... 3,731,565 . 14.2' .....
Peoria ' 2,056,247 3.1 ....
Hartford 2.963.824 .... 0.3
Rochester .'. ... 3.084.356 23.4 ....
Atlanta 3.S39.764 3.2
Des Molnes 2.656,920 12.2' ....
New Haven : 1,S»95,992 3.5 ....
Nashville 2.758,574 26.5 ....
Spokane. Waeh... 2.752,390 22.7 .....
Grand Rapids.... 2,089,147 34.5
Sioux City 1,447,200 24.6
.Springfield. Mass. 1,628,400 3.0 .:..
Norfolk 1.968.154 15,2 ....
Dayton 1.562.200 2.4
Tacoma 2.014.007 8.0 ....
Worcester 1.541.907 15.0
Augusta Ga 2.118.850 .... 9.8
Portland, Me 1.905,150 24.4
Scrantcn 1 1.723,421 45.8 ....
Topeka ; 1,845.219 20.0
Syracuse j 1,369,534 6.1 ....
Evansvllle l;301.391 36.8
Wilmington. Del.. 1.367,026 .... 15.7
Birmingham 1,244,408 8.2 ....
Davenport 1.389.729 8.1
Fall River 977,881 «... 17.8
Little Rock ...... 1,001,276 ".... 0.5
Knoxvllle 1,219,036 45.8 ....
Macon S 1,150,000 . 7.6 ....
Wllkesbarre ..... 1,2CC,352 91.5 ....
Akron 094,700 .... ....
Springfield, 111.... 824.186' 34.2 ....
"Wheeling. W. Va. K35.000 5.4 ....
Wichita :892.288 29.3 ....
Youngstown 7«3.279 28.5 ....
Helena 533.311
Lexington 507.025 4.1
Chattanooga' 713.227 17.0
Lowell 524,281 8.4
New Bedford 550,933 4.9. ....
Kalamazoo 721.338 3.0
Fargo. N. D 772.997 .4.0
Canton. Ohio «37.O00 »¦ 43.8 ....
Jacksonville. Fla. S01.670 178.4 ....
Greensburg. Pa.. 428,387 1.7 ....
Rockford. Ill 417,123 4.5 ....
Srlngfleld. Ohio. .. 522.580 12.3 - ....
Blnghamton 425.700 - 6.5 . ....
Chester. Pa 509.307 38.9 .
Bloomlngton. 111.. 947.958 43.7.
Qulney.-in 300,355 29.8
Sioux Falls, S. D. 347,452 '..'.. 9.9
Mansfield. Ohio... 295.871 .... ....'
Jackconville. III... 925,409 ..... ,4.7
Fremont. Nebr. . . 211,264 42.6 ,
rtlca 2.473,473 14.9-
Decatnr. 111. j.. ..-.¦• :-¦ 333,818 ' «8. 3 " ....
tGalveston ....... 11.651.000 ¦• 41.4--....-
Charleston, "S.-C. 1,359,758 .... s . ....
Guthrle 801.115 ....
Total*. U. B.... $2,160,179,475 .... 13.7
Outslde N. Y... 896,728,730 -9.6-
DOMINION OF CANADA., , -
¦ Montreal ....:... ?23.324.185 , .... 13.8
Toronto 15.457,957 .... 17.9
Winnipeg 5.473.618 8.4 ....
Halifax 1.927.601 .-* 4.1 ....
Ottawa : - 2.3GO.068 11.2 ....
Vancouver, B. C. 7.531.031 : 24.3 ....
Quebec ....... 2.08«. 853 . 31.0. ....
Hamilton ....::.: 1.S56.5&1 32.6 ....
Pt. Johri, N. B..I . .1,001, 4S5 1.3
Victoria, B.C.... 634.00) 1.2
London .989.590 14.1
Totals. Canada.. $56,234,147 , 8.4
•Balances paid in -..cash.'. tNot Included . In
totals ¦ because containing , other Items than
clearings. ¦ ¦ i. -.: -• ¦ , ¦ " "*
Ne^v. York Grain and Produce.
NEW, YORK,, Oct. 0.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27,791 barrels; exports, 27,132 barrels. Quiet
but steadily held. ; ; : . .1
WHEAT— Receipts. • 24.925 bushels. Spot,
eaty; No. 2 red, .82c elevator; No. 2 red,' 83^c
f. o. b.'afloat; No. J. Northern Duluth, 90%c f.
o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba, 92^c f. o.
b. afloat. Options opened rather' firm on for
eign buying of December. Then they fell oft
at the West, only to turn strong again at noon
on sudden reactions In outside markets, good
speculative support and higher French cables.
This was followed by a second drop, due to
small weekly clearances, and the close was
easy at ?ic net decline. May, 82 13-16c, closed
ts2%c; December, 83&€85%c, closed 84%e.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; reflned,, steady. . |
COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 Invoice, J
5 9-16c; mild.' firm: Cordova, 7@llc. The mar
ket for coffee futures to-day closed steady at
an advance of 5 points. • Sales, 92.577 bags. In
cluding: December, 5.00©5.05cr March, 6.23®
5.30c; May. 5.45@3.50c; July. 5.55@5.60c; Sep
tember, 5.05@5.70c. .
DRIED FRUITS. ' ',
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
'tlnues quiet and unchanged. Common ' are
quoted at 4Q5c, prime at 5&®5}4c, choice at
«J<f(lVic and fancy.at 6%©7c. •
PRUNES — Are quiet, but firmly held at from
3}ie to 7c for all grades. . •¦ I
. APRICOTS — Attract a fair demand and ruled
firm. Choice are. quoted at 0V* (giiH c. • extra
choice at lC@10V4c And fancy at'll@12%c. '
PEACHES^ — Are unchanged, ' with . choice
quoted at' 7t4@7%C. extra. «Jholce- at 7%®SViC
and fancy at 9»i€10V4c ,::•',¦ . ¦
N'civ York Metal Market: % .
JJEW YORK, Oct. 9. — Tin was somewhat Ir
regular in London, " spot there being un
changed at £114 7s 6d while .futures were 2s
ta lower at £114 . 17s 6d. Locally tin was!
quiet at $25 90020 37%. ,:• .
Copper was unchanged fqr spot In • London, ;
that position closing at "£54 10s. while futures
were 5s lower at: £54 6s. - In. New. York cop
per remained quiet.' Lake is^ quoted > at $13@
13 25; -, electrolytic, fl3@13 12%;- casting,
$12 87>£. . • - " -,. - . . ¦ • ¦¦'.' .'.-¦ \
Lead, declined Is 3d In London to £11* Is 3d,
but remained quiet here at $4 50. "¦ ¦
¦ Spelter .declined ¦ 6s 3d to £20 .7s 6d , In ] Lon
don but. like lead.-, was unchanged here at $t>.
Iron closed at <50s 2d In Glffngpw and.at 43s
9d "in Mlddlesboro. - "¦• Locally • lron^waa quiet.
No. 1 foundry. Northern. 4s.^quoted' at- $10®
17.; .' No 2 . foundry, . Northern, $15®16; . No * 1
foundry.' Southern., and No.'l foundry. South
ern... soft, at $15@15 50. . -. ' ; ¦
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 0. — The : cotton market
closed steady, net 7. points lower.' '
Chicago Grain Market.
'¦¦ CHICAGO. Oct. 9. — Excellent weather in the
West and Northwest, weak out*lde ¦ markets,
with Liverpool barely steady In face : of ,- the
bulge -, here yesterday,' were • weak ; factors . .In
the start.- and opening prices were easier, >Dn.
cember,: beinn unchanged to?%@Vic lower lit
78 < 4@78Hc. to . 78fic- Traders -were; watching
the • St. i Louis and Minneapolis markets closely
and the declines there were followed by similar
action here, considerable long stuff coming out
on. the decline. With a sudden upturn at Min
neapolis prices here became decidedly ; strong,
December selling . up to 71* >4c, and was < at one
time %c premium over, May. A big demand
for ca»h wheat,» together^ with . an Improved de
mand for flour, were the influences that started
the upturn at Minneapolis.' ; Realizing; by .local
traders during tho last half of the session re
sulted In a loss of more than the early gain,
December declining- to < 78VbC> and " closing, at
78 % c, a loss, of ftc. for.- the day. >. . Vv . ,,;'-:
• ¦, Clear," cool, weather,- tended to exert -a* bear
ish ' Influence over the corn ! pit," but ' prices I held
There was not much new In local securities.
Trading was light. Hutchlnson Sugar sold at
Sll.
OH ittocks were dull and featureless, with the
exception of Home, which wu active and ex
cited, with sales ranging from 87 Vic to $1 05.
The Port Costa Water Company will pay the
usual monthly dividend of 30c per share on
October 15. >
The Pennsylvania Mining Company of Grass
"Valley has declared a monthly dividend of 10
cents per share, payable October 10.
FRIDAT, Oct. » — 2 p. m.
• UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. — — 4s qr (new). — — '
4s qr reg. ... — — 133 qr coup. . — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — |O T Co 5s.. — , 112*1
Bay CPC 5s.lO3i*lO4 }, Do con 5a.lO3 —
Cal C G 5s.I03Vi — O W C •«• 8*. — —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5* 75 79 '
m & ct 5s. — 102% Ora C R 6s. — ' 122^
Cal-st 5s ..... — — Pac G Im 4s. — — ¦ .
C C Wat 5s. — 102 P E Ry. 5s. 100% 110%
E L A P f.s.123 ,13»> P & C K «s — . ..
F & C H tfs. — 118^ P&OR6a. - -
¦ Geary-st 5s. 45 — IPowel-st 6*. — 114 £
¦ HC & S 5\jsl01 — iS E GAR 5s. — 103 -
H "C & S 5a. 981^101 |SF & SJV3*.ll«%117i3
Hon R T-6a,IW% — J S R of C 6«.112*i —
L A Elec»5s. -r- 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. .111^113%! (1009) 107% —
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 103V4 — (
. Do gtd 6s. — — S P o« C 6s t
¦ Do gtd 5s. 102 — ! (1905)Sr A.102 .— .
LAP lem 5s..— 102% <190fi)Sr B.102?; —
Mkt-st C 6s.llS — (19O«) ....104ft — ~
Do lem 5s— 116 11912) — — I
NRR of C 6sl07 — SPC 1 eg 5s. — 119 ,
Do 58 — 117 Do stmpd.lOSU —
X P C R 5s. 108»i S P B R 6s. — 135
N C R 8s.. — 112 - S V Wat 68.105% — «
N C P C 5s.l0rt 101 Do 4s 2dm. 99V,10O i
ys S R 5S...10O — Do 4s 3dm. 90% — •
O G L H 5s. — — Stkn G4E 6s 08 — *
O T Co 6s.. — 121 U G & E 5s. — — v
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 50 (Port Co*ta. . — '^— , 3 S
Marin Co ... 61 — |Sp V W Co. 41 42 *
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Tent L & P. »% 4% Sac E G & R — — T
EqdU Gas .. 4% 5V, S F.G * E. «5?i 66%.
Mutual E L. 12 13 S F Gas . : . 3 — ,
Pac G Imp.. 52 53% Ptock G & E. 5 — '
Pac Lighting 54 — -V Q &. E — — *
TRUSTEES" CERTIFICATES. »
S F G.&" E.-C5 CCii ' - '
. INSURANCE. •'¦
Flrem's Fnd.325 350 /
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 127 L P & A.... — 1*7»»;
Anglo-Cal .. — 95 Mer Trust .. — 250
Bank of Cal. — 490 Merch Ex. . . — —
Cal Safe Dp.140 ICO S F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — — I
SAVINGS BANK3.
Ger S & L " — !Sav St L Soc. 05 105 "¦
Hum S ft L. — — iSec Sav Bk..40O — ,
Mutual Sav.. — [Union T.Co.. — — ,
S F Sav U-.eoO 700 I . • \
STREET RAILROADS.
California '. .196 2iSi jPresidio .... — 41 ¦
POWDER. '
Giant 65Vi" CrtV, :Vlgorlt /.... — , !8 '
liana P Co.. 10c ; 20c Kllauea S C. ~ '5%
Hawaiian C. 43% — Makawell C. 21 — ,
Honokaa S C 12%. 13% Onomea S C." — ZZ
Hutch S P C — 11 jPaauhau S C — 17 ,
I MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.155 15fl Oceanic S C. — Stji
Cal Fruit As. 94 — Pac A F A. 2% — i
Cal Wine As. — 97% Pac C Borx.167 — ¦»
. . Morning Session. - '«
Board — ' . - ."-"£'¦.
110 Hqnokaa Co 13 00 »
30 Hut:hlnson S P Co 11 tx»
35 S F Gas & Electric Co ......... W5 50
¦60 Spring Valley Water Co ........ 41 0t>_
$1000 S F & SJ Valley'bonds .:.... .'.117 OU " *
$7000 S P of Arizona (1910) *......... .108 BO
Afternoon > Session.
Board — . •"
«03F Gas &. Electric Co 66 OO
-4O S F Gas «fc Electric Co '.. 6fi 25
20 Spring Valley Water Co, .".....,".' 41 uo
1 ,__, .; -/„-; -|
California Stock and OilExchange
Oil Stocks— dd. Asked.
Alma ••••• •••" J.40
Apollo 4O -
Associated Trust Cert la 2«>
Aztec •• '^0 .....
CallfornU Standard 11 12
Caribou -• , 1 00 t 10
Central Point Con • 65 ...../•..
Chicago Crud-* 21 , ...... .
Clareracnt ..'.-. f : 24, 40
Eaperanza .". ; i» ' "'i'
Fulton 3 00 • :
HaiTford ".'.'. "'.'. '.'. '.'.''- .'.'.'•"•- •»<> » 145 00
Home ;" 00 1 •»
Imperial • •• -•-•- 13 OO
Independence . . V i "• • 1 « IS
Junction ...' • , -20 _,
Kern .......••- . > 5 00- -«
Kern'Rlver .'.-.:..' : ••••. 11 50 ; 14 OO V
Lloa •'• ...:....- 03 - O4'«
Monarch (of 'Arizona 5<> .81! •
Monte Criito ..--.' .-'.. -75'-- ' 8O» V
Occidental of West Virginia .17 IS •
Oil City Petroleum : 29 -'31 .
Peerlew ....... .^., ..:.... 13 25 14 no
Plttsburg ¦• 23 . : ..„.
Reed Crude ...-. M 41
S. F. • & McKlttrlck :. 2 75 ..... •
San Joaqu'n O..& D........ B 25 ;. .'.r.*. . .
Senator ..'..'.-. ••• 88 ¦.¦.." 75
Sovereign "..">•* ••*•; !•£•'¦ 4O* .
Sterling ...28O J»
Superior 0« OT _
Thirty-three .-•¦ . S OO . •
Toltec .- :............. ' 21
Twenty-Eight,.... ...... 4 50 ..;:..
West Shore .......... ....... 2 90 3 23 -
Miacellaneou* — . ' ".
Abby Land 'ft Improvement.. ... .. 1 65
Alaroeda Sugar ..;..: • 29 OO
American Blscutfc ........... 8S 00 . 95 00
American District .Telegraph. ..... . .....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp.... '..... - .....
California -otton. Mills...... 88 OO 94 00
Flour. Shipments. in September.
TJ»e exports of. flour, from San Francisco by
*»a dcr:r.g the i»onth of Bcptembw were • as
.follows: . ""'
To Barrels. Values.
China 1 lOl.Cat $4»3.740
Japan 6.400 25,325
Hawaiian Islands 3.i»5 W.WW
Tahiti ...... ••• 2.123 • 9.2S1
Onfi-al Anwrica fe.644 35.9C<5
Oolombia *.:i... :....•.:....... 1,330.- 5.37O
"Ecuador ..:." 2,835 11.073
M«Ttico :*........ :..~. 302' ' «72
Pamoan Island* •.,.. 44 2io
I'eru ....' 25 ' 110
.Korea..;.......... ' 15 70
Manila .... 10 : 4C
* TotaU ........... ......126,eS0 $537,909
• In* S»rteml>er, 1H02, the exports were 109.
**7 barrelt, valued at $3t1,533. The shipments
• •»• the Orient last month were almost double
t, v .os«.of September. 1902,. flue chiefly to low
. frrtgirt-rate*.
: v Weather Report
• • •
(liaoth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 9—5 p. m.
• . THE COAST RECORD.
c s s a 2 *9
3 t'2. « - a <: ™
I 33 33 S' £
.STATION. « SB p I* I •
.• • :£= = :: ?
¦ . ; o • . • ; '
I!»k€r ...;. ...'2n'y.G fi« iTt SW R»ln ' .2S '
C*r«on >....,. 2W.7S «» «O S Cloudy Tr.
Ftirailcn ...... SO.tiJ 01) Sn S Pt Cldy .Oi
Krtsr.o .......30.02 KS 66 S Pt Cldy .00
FlajtstaS 2».".H) tiS'SCSW tioudy .00
Irtdeptnden«..2;i.rK 76' CO .SW Cloudy .00
Uks Antrel«*:..3«»T« 72 CO W Pt Cldy /X>
Ut, Tam«lp'».2y.»S SO 48 "S Denae .!«
. "hoenlx .*. 2».l*'} P2 W'XW Clear ..00
. ocatel'.o ..:..2».«4 1 70 34 FE Clear ".00
•^rtland 29.04 5»" -50" NW Rain .44
; • ir.t Reve6...2a.»4-** XA S Cloudy .22
-d. Bluff, .\.>29.S>S 64 C2 ?E ; Cloudy .18
st burg . .- -2^j6*» 60 4«i S Cloudy .04
- .icramer.to . ..aaOf) tit ,58 S Pt Cldy .12
alt Lake..... 29.74 76 54 SE Clear .00
*j.n Francis o.3t»02 «4 .'.s S JPt Cldy .02
• C. L.'Obiepo.. 3O.10 «8 5X S Cloudy .Oo
' ,>e.n Dltgro Sl).u4 72 64 NW Pl-Cldy .«0
Seattle ...' S».€S 54' 44 NE Hain .34
•!^;>okane . . .-.c.ltMH . ¦ <>2 ¦ 40' W . Cloudy Tr.
Tatonsh 29.M r.2 48 E - Rain .1«
Walla Walla.. 2».72 C2 ' 4S S: Cloudy Tr.
"\^"iniJpji:i*ca '.2W.X) 7»i '44 W tioudy ¦ .00
Vutaa- ¦ ....¦¦j.gy k?;.») r# fW-.' Ol^ar .,-.W
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND "GENERAL
'. .- > "FORECAST.-. . . -,:.
' The flrft general rain of the sr-ason ov«r" the
central ucrttcn cf the Pacific • Sloi>e has oc
currtd. 'A '.storm . cf moderate intensity is
tviovlng acro«p Ortgcn and ' has ! been accom
panied by. l..nh aoutherly m-inde In Califorala
nanh of,. tl»e Tehachjipi and high westerly
mrlTid* tn' Northern ,,Nera<la, ¦ . . .
The wrnperature .ha*; fallen 'more than 20
' d«>gref» throughout the Sierras -and about 15
..de^re*-* in the great -valley of California.
Ra!e!n-makers ! ehould ¦ keep their trays
stacked a little longer, aa conditions are still
unfavorable for Battled fair- weather.
*Bv»-~ follou Ing high m-rnde are reported :
Pr»JiiL : Reyes. 60 niil'-s* pVr' hour, from 'the
aouth; \rTr.nernUcca; C« m,5!es, from the east:
Modena, 42 miles, ;' from th«» southwest; Inde
l*n<J<?nc«\ 32 mll«»fi; . from the southeast, and
at facTarnento, 26 xnflea.- from th* south. \
Forecast made at San ' Francisco for 30 hours
ending. midnight October' JO:. . .'^
Northern California' — : Cloudy, 'unsettled
¦weather Saturday, with ehowers; fresh south
wind. .
Southern California. — Cloudy, - unsettled
weather -Saturday: powlbly light showers;
brisk *puth«-ly winds.
Ntvana — Cloudy. . unsettled weather Satur
day; probably light • rain; . high we*t- windfc,
1 . diminishing- ¦ • • . . ¦ ..
San Franu-isco and vicinity— Cloudy, unset
tl»<t weather Saturday; probably light showere;
brisk eouthwest -wind.
A. O. McADIE. District Forecaster.
and t are selling at - the . quotations below, but
some report sales at a eent or so higher. The
general situation stands tne same as for some
days back. There is plenty , on the .-market.
Cheese.* like Butter, remains about the same,
fine • mild new being- In light supply and firm,
while, lower grades are still a drug,
v Ranoh Eggv continue scarce and firm at the
recent advance, - but buyers . continue to - take
storage stock and Eastern in preference, owing
to their lowest cost. . All Eggs are pretty good
at this time of the year.
Receipts were 13,000 lbs Butter. 610 cases
Eggs and 18,900 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 27028c for extra* and
26c for seconds; -dairy. 21ff-4c; store -Butter,
17Vi"310c: cold storage, 24@23c: Eastern. 229
24c per lb. - • -. ¦ ¦ ' - . • - .
CHEESE-^12%c for good flats. 13@13%c for
choice mild new, , and ll®12c ; for, low
er grades. Young. America, 13%*i|14c; Eastern
15%'gl6Hc; Western, 14815c per lb.'
»EGGS— Ranch, 41@42%c tor large white se
lected and 35#40e for fair to choice; store.
25®27%c; cold storage. 2«@28c; Eastern, 21©
28c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The wet weather added 40 the dullness which
generally -prevails in the fruit market on Fri
day, and, except for a few descriptions which'
were. In small supply,- prices' were, unchanged.
The narrow gauge train with fresh supplies o(
Grapes, ~ Raspberries - and Peaches from* the
south . was delayed by I the I destruction, of a
bridge in Arameda County, and ¦ those descrip
tions .were firm ¦ in consequence. ¦ Grapes' In
large: open -boxes had a .sharp advance, but
crates were.no higher,, a* there, was an. abun
dance of . carrled'-over stock on * hand.' i Peaches,
too, . were higher and cleaned up. quickly at the
advanced prices. -•" Wine ¦ Grapes ruled . weak,
with the demand light, receipts liberal and the
"carry-over from the preceding day large. Figs
were higher under light receipts, only 23 pack
ages being received. ¦ Apples, Pears and other
tree fruits. were plentiful and steady for fancy
stock.- Melons were In free supply and neglect
ed, with prices largely nominal, the demand be
ing confined chiefly to special brands, of Canta
loupes and Nutmeg i Melons. Strawberries ar
rived freely and sold at unchanged ' rates, with
surplus. stocks going to the canners at the mini
mum quotation. ' Cranberries and Huckjebefrle*
were steady and unchanged, ¦' ,
'• •: Citrus , fruits .were dull and featureless. ." Ths
demand -for Banana* was better than for some*
"days" but as 'supplles''of ripe stock "Wjere. ample,
prices were; no-hlgh«r.'- , ' ;•--,. i't-- n « .
STRAWBERRIES— $5@7 per. chest for Long^
worths and $t 50§4 for 'the large varieties. I
RASPBERRIES— Nominal.:: ; . . . : :
\ HUCKLEBERRIES— «@8c per lb. .
. CRANBFRB1ES— Cape Cod. %8 50®9 per
bbl; Cooa Bay. $2, 5O@."5 ' per box. • ; ., . J
APPLES — »1©1 25-per box ¦ for fancy. ' SOU/
85c I for good to : choice and ; 25^ 10c for . corn
. PEARS— Bartletts, $161. 50: winter . varie
ties, r>uS 75c per box i fur common and $1©1 25
for Winter Nellls..' ". ¦••. V' - ' ' ' i
- 1 QUINCES — 35©50e per box. - - .. • . ;
FIGS— Black,; ¦ $1 25@1 50 for large -boxes
from the river.'' -. v • - .' - ¦="....
' ' -PRUNKB — 50«75c -per box- or. crate. . - -.
PEACHES— RO^-75*' for small, boxes, 65@75c
for carriers and for open boxes. ¦ -. ¦•
POMEGRANATES— 80®75c for amallbo««
and $1 25*^2 • for large. -. .. • '.¦¦•:•;
GRAPES — Isabella. 50665c per crate; Cornl
chon. ;50<ge0c per crate; other varletie*. 250 '
40c' for small boxes,'. 50(g«Oc for crates and !
75c<g$l 25 for large open boxes: "Wine Grapes,
SlS@22.-per ton for Ztnfandel. ?16i81S for Mis
sion anrt $12@15 for White and Tokay.'
MELON8 — Cantaloupes. 75c©Jl 25 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 25#65c per box; Watermelons.
C ft 15c each. - ~ • ¦
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, $2 50®3 for
fancy Valennias. -S2S2 50 for choice ajid $1®
$1 50 for standard; Lemons, . $1@3 per box;
Grape Fruit, $1 &0@2- 5O; Mexican Limes, $41$
4 50; Banana3, $1 25<S2 per bunch; Pine
apples, ?2©3 per dozen.
j Dried Fruits, N [tits, Raisins , Honey
Conditions 'remain/ as : before.'- .Fruits and
Raisins continue firm, with a good demand,
with no changes in quotations. - Nuts are also
firm.
California- Chestnuts are- selling at 10©12%c
for small and 15©17%Cyfor large, though sales
at the top quotations are few. •
NEW FRUIT— Apricots, 7«9%c for Royals
and IK/ lie fcr Moorparks; Evaporated Appl's. 1
4%i§6c; sun-dried. 3%©4c; Peaches. i®7c; ,
Pears. C©10c; Nectarines, 4@5%c; Figs, white,
4®4r*c In- boxes; Plums, pitted. 5®Sc per lb. |
PRUNES— 1003 crop, 2% ®3 Vic for the four
sizes. 'V ' • •
RAISINS — Following are opening prices fr*e
on board to common shipping points: 'Imperial
clusters, $a per 20-lb ¦ box; Debe«a clusters,
$2 50; fancy clusters, $2; 3-crown London Lay
| ers, $1 55: 2-crown: London Layers. SI 45;" 4
1 crown standard loose Muscatels, 6^i@7c per
lb: 3-crown standard looee Muscatels, 6^49
I 6%e; . 2-crown. standard Muscatels.' 6©GVc;
! Seedless Muscatels. 5c: Seedless Muscatels.
(floated, 5% c; Seedless standard ' Sultanas. 5c;
Thompson Seedless standard, 6c. .The-follow
ing quotations on seeded are for a limited
quanUty only: Fancy. IB ounces per lb, 7%c;
fancy, 12 ounces per package, 6%c; choice, IB >
ounces per lb, 7%c; choice, 12 ounces per pack- :
age. 6Vi<r; fancy, bulk, per lb, 7%c; choice,
bulk, uer lb, 7V4c.
- NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13%c; No.
2. ll%e;_No. 1 -hardshell.. 13c; ... No. 2^-llc;
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils. lu%c for 1 XL..
10%c for Ne Plus Ultras and S -Tic for Langue
doc; Peanuts, e®7c for Eastern; Pecans. -11©
1 13c; Cocoanuts. ?4 50#5; California Chestnuts,
! 10®12%c for small and 15@17%c per lb for j
large. ..„¦.
•HONEY—Comb, new. 12%@13%c for white ;
and-ueilc for -amber: new.. water white ex
tractert, 5%®ti%c; .light- amber extracted. 5c;
j dark, ;s%fr4%e. v.- >. -,»»:: ¦>¦ ..-> :
I BEESWAX— 27@29c-.» - - - . •
: ' ' : ' ¦ ""¦ ' ¦"' — '.\ .^" -'.'•.:' '.,". I
The market continues ' quiet and Xeatureless. j
Chicago- was rather lower again yesterday. I
Wires from that center to Bolton. : de Ruyter & I
. CC paid: "Heavy and generally lower. Stocks
are beginning to constitute pressure on prices.
! Market is from time to time disturbed by tho
manipulated of commission and local
'¦ packers, but the . general trend and general
1 tone remain heavy and apparently downward."
CURED MEATS — Bacpn, 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light.'
15^c for extra light. 18%c for sugar-cured and
19c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern .ugar
cured Hams, 13%c@15%c: California Hams. 15
I fiir.'/.c; Mess Beef. Sll 60 pel bbl- extra Mess.
112^12 50; • Family. S13©13 50: prime Mess
1 Pork, $19; extra clear, ' S23: Mess, $20; Dry I
! Salted Pork. 12%c; Pig .Pork. $2»; Pigs' Feet. I
S3 25: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb. [
I LARD7— Tierces quoted at . 7%o per lb for 1
< compound - and &%c for pure; haif barrels,
> pure, lOVlc; 10-lb tins, lie; 5-Ib tins, ll'jc;
3-lb tins, HVic. • > ,
COTTOLENE^ — One half barrel. 9%c;' three
half barrels. 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
»Vic: five tierces, 9%c per lb
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The local trade are quoting lower prices for
Hops. They give no particular reason for the
: decline, except- that buyers have filled -their
i pressing wants and are resting, " while '. some
I sellers ¦ wish to realize and are- offering at a
i decline to this r end. Some ¦ growers, however.
I continue very firm and refuse to sell under the
I quotations prevailing a fortnight ago.
¦ There is no especial change in Wool or Hides.
the latter being more or less weak. '
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. ..Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium, «%c; light,- 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 8c for light;. Stags,
«c; Salted ¦ KiD, 8%c; Salted Veal. 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c: dry Hides. 15©15%c; dry Kip.
13c: dry. Calf,- 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@
30c each; short wool, 40@50c each; medium, 7u
fy'MJc; long wool, $1@1 50 each: Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 fof large and $2^2 50 for medium,
SI 23@1 75 for small and 50c for Col ts;- Horse
Hlfles. dry. $1 75. for large and $1 50. for me
dium, $lgl 25 for -small- and -50c fpr. Colts.
I Buck Skins — Dry : Mexican. -32%c; dry salted
1 Mexican. 28C; "dry • Central ¦.Arnorlcan, 32%c.
Goat Skins — Prime. -Angoras,': 75c; large and
smooth. 00c; medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4%©4%c per lb;
No. 2. 4©4Uc: grease. 2%©3c. . ' .
WOOL-^Fall clip— Sanr Jonquin 'Lambs', 9©
12c: Foothill. 10012c; ilidaie County, 11 ®13o.
Quotations for spring : clip ar# - aa follow* :
Humboldt and Mehdoclno, lS^20c: Nevada, 13
©10e;-Valley Oregon, fine. lS®19c; do m-idlum,
17#ilSc; -do. coarse,' 16©17c per lb.
HOPS — 21024c per lb for California and 210
24c for Oregon. '_ -.' /,,'V -.'• ;¦
Meat Market. *:
\' The' situation r»mains-the same as previously
stated. % Supplies are ample for. the demand.
i .-. ..DRESSED. MEATS. . . .;
' Wholesale rate* from slaughterers to dealers
are M.'tollowi: '¦ ' •-¦ ''.'-¦ • ".'!-> !.»:.•:¦-' •:
: BEEF — «©7o for. Steers and &9«%o .per lb
for Cows. •"¦>:•'¦• -• ' -.»-'-V •¦ *--r.l-.».'
.-¦ VEAL— Large. - 6^®8c; small.- J 8©10c p«r '
pound. • -« • • -'¦¦--
MUTTON-rfVVe.therS/. 7%©Sc: Ewes. 7®7%c
per pound. '. . .,*,.-
LAMB — 9@10c. ner pound.
"PORK— Dressed Hogs. 8%©9*4c per pound.
, ,«•"•, LIVESTOCK, MARKET. •¦;-- •.
. The following quotations are for 'good, sound
Livestock^, delivered ¦ in San Francisco, less 5o
per cent shrinkage tfor Cattle: : - .,
. CATTLE-^Steers, 8fj9c; Cows and Heifers
7©5«c;" thin' Cows,- 4©5c per pound.-
CALVES — 4@5%c, per pound ?<gre«* weight).
SHEEP — Wethers.* 3%S3>)ic: Ewes. • 3WUc
per potind <KroB8 -weight). . •• -. -.. ,. 7r ..
; > LAMBS— $2 : 75i83,pervhead.i .-..¦:< ¦»¦?•.
i :¦ HOGS— Live Hogs.<150;ito 250 lbs, 5%fir&^«
i under IPO lbs. 5%©5%c;^Sows*, 20 per ceflt off :
! Boars.' 50 t>er cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
! off , from above quotations."-..;. \'~ \ t
G eneral Merchandise. .
: '?¦ BAGS— Grain . Bags. 5©5^c; San : Quentin,
8.65c; Wool /Bags.. 32S35c; Fleece Twine. 7«
©8c: Cotton > Frult Bags.' «%c., 6>; c and 7Uc
for the three grades: . Brown: Jute, (S%@7%c. ,
--.. COAL— Wellington." $8 , per .ton; New -Wel
lington. S8; Seattle. S6 50; Bryant. «« 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50: Stanford, $7; Roslyn, '$7; Coos
Bay, ;$5 50;- 'Greta, -*7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond, ?7 50: Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
S14 25- In sacks ;s Welsh Anthracite- Egg. 113;
Welsh Lump. • $11 50; . Cannel. JS 50 per ' ton ;
Coke. $11 50613 per.ttm In bulk and (15 la
L***«a Uh.r^idk'B! IV »T\ 1 ¦ mi n mai ¦miiibmiwii»mh»Ji iii*ai^ —n rt
Baltimore &' Ohio.. 10,500 73% 72%' mi
Bait & Ohio pfd... :• "¦ ...." '86%
Canadian Parilic... 3.4U0 119% LL8UJ 119!*'
C"*ntrvil of N J.... . C ;..~ 150 ',
«-hcs & Ohio 900 29%. ,29-. 29%;
Chicago & Alton... 3.8O0 23% 22 23V
Chgo & Alton pfd.., 3,200 01% 60% OlVi'
Chgo & G Western. 500 15 14% 14%
C & G W, H pfd ' 26%
Chgo & Norwes-tn.. 800 1C8*;.*- 156% 157 .
Chgo -Term & Trn. . • • • • •'•"• • ?'!>
Chgo T & T pfd ..:..•'.... 16%
C. C. O & St L,uuis. • 100 71U • 71\i ¦ 69%
«*olo Southern 700 " ll»i' 'il\i tl%'
Colo So 1st pfd 300 '48 •*.47% 47%
Colo So 2d pfd 100. I*"*- lJHi 19-
D?l & Hudson 500 -T.51%? 151 ' 151"
Del. Lack & West. ..... s-,.' -230 .
Denver ft Rio Or..- 800 > : 18% -13 •
Den & Rio Gr pfd. 100 : W -* •AU} - .64-
Frie , 42,400 27%^ 20% 27»i
Erie 1st pfd.... ... 1.300 05% - ¦ 64'fc- Co%
Krie 2d pfd ;.. 1.60O 47H 40 47 '
Great Nor pfd 160
Hocklnjt Valley f&
Hocking Val pfd... 100 78 78 - 77
Illinois Central.... 1,100 12b% 12Sv; 128%
Iowa Central ••• 17%
Icwa Central i>fd.. ICO 32% 32% " 32%
Kansas City So 100 17% 17% 1>^
Kane City So pfd.. 000 30% 29% 31
Loulevl & KMShvI.. ll.OUO 97% 0o\ 37
Manhattan Elev... 4,6cO :30 ' 128% 129%
MctropoJtn St Ry.. 4.500 104 102% 103%
Minn & St Louis 4*
Missouri Pacific... 11,800 SSS4 S7% 88
Mo, Kar.s & Tvxas. R00 lC* t 16% 16%
Mo. K & T pfd 3O0 34V* 34Vi 33%
Nat R K Mex pfd. 300 37«.i 36% »6%
N Y CentriJ 2.S00 115% 115 115fe
Norfolk & Westn.. SOW 5«-\ 6«% 6tiji
Norfolk & W pfd.. ..... ' ' ' S7
Ontario & Westn.. 1.700 20% 19*4 20%
Pennujlvanla .15.400 117% llCH 117%
Reading £5.500 46 44 45$i
Reading 1st pfd... 1(K) 75% ~ 75% .75^,
P.oadiig 2d pfd 900 60 60 •• 00
Rock Island Co 13,3<:-0 24% 23 24
Rock Island Co pfd 400 58 57 r>7*i
ft Louis & S F . -, 52
St L & S F let pfd . .... .... 00
Et L & S F 2d pfd 200 45 4«Vi 44 Si
St Louis BovMtn.. 100 13 13 12%
Pt L Sowesia pM.. 200 29 2*J 21*
St Paul 25.S0O 13«H 1.13 lo«
Southern Pacific... ~ 6.500 40% . 39H -iW^j
Southern RaHv.ay.. 3.0C0 1SH 17% 18
Southern Ry pfd... 1.7U0 'Z'\i 74% 75-
Texas & Pacific... 9fK> 22?i . 22 V« 22 Vi
Tol, St L & W 100 17>j 17% 17
Tol. St L & W pfd 23V$
Union Pacific... 1 ... 42,200 70% 69 «*"<,
L'nion Pacific pfd.. • 300 M% £*V t 84%
W'abash 500 18 17% 19
Vabasr. pfo ;. 3,000 2*»*i 29
Wheeling & L Erie-v..".;. . ~ 14%
Wisconsin Central. . I.tXiO 15% 15 15^4
"Wisconsin Cen pfd. i 200 35% 35% S5^i
Express Ccmpanies —
Adams .^. 223 -
American -..';... ¦.... .... 175
United Ptates .:.. .... 100
WellSrFarto...,.,.,; .., 175^.201- -• .201 v 2W
Miscellaneous — -'"
An*algam Copper. .120.000 36 34% 35^'
Amer Car ft Found. 3.200 21% - - 2Z% 23»»
An Car &. F pfd... 1,000 74 72 . - 74 <:
Airer LinseodOlt.: ' " .,::¦ 0%
Amer Lin Oil pfd 26
Amer Locomotive./ 1,300 14' 13% 13%
Amer Loco prd.... • 2«O 79%- 79«4 • 7!s%
Amer Smelt &.Itef. 13.800 . 41».i. 39%. -40%
Amer S & Tiet pfd. 500 87^4 87 87 .
Amer Sugar Ref... 4.400 108% 10» 109
Anaconda Mln Co". . 1,600' CC 65' Cl
Brklyn Rap Trang. 7 < % *0 32"4 ,31% 32
Colo Fuel &Iron.. T5<K> '40%' 40 40
Colum & Hock Coal 200 11 11 10
Consolidated Gas... 1,100 171 169%. 170
General- Electric... 1,000 142 140 140
International Paper 11H
Interntl Paper pfd. 200 Cl" - 61' 61
International Pump 200 SW% . 33>i , 33
Interntl Pump pfd , '70
National Biscuit... 400 30Vi Xi% »(J
National Lead .300 13 •¦* 13 13U
North American..'. . 200 70tJ - 70% 70
Pacific Mail 300 19 X8% 18%
People** Gas 2.200 90% 89% 1M>
Pressed Steel Car.. 1,100 32^ 31 32
PrefFed S Car pfd.. 200 75% 75% 75.
Pullman Palace Car ..... ..•:. '2J0
Republic Steel ... 400 8»i 8%. 8%
Republic Steel pfd. G0O« f.9% 58 ' . 58%
Rubber Good? • .500- 14 13% - 13%
Rubber Good* pfd .: 100" C9%" <ifl% 67%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 11.300 29% 27% 29.
U .8 'Leather."." . • ' .:., :Q%
U S .Leather pfd 200 7G .,-76- ¦ 7H ¦•-
IT S Rubber... .100.; 10 10 10" -
H S Rubber pfd 300' 37 - 37 V >¦ 36 ¦
r S Steel.......... 2«.<tOO- 14% m** 14%
i: S Steel pfd 43.300 «2% - .Cl-% fil*;
Wrstern Union 100 82 S2 - 81?4
Total sales 506.900 chares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN* FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Oct. 9.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions, 1300 at *77. 1
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg...l0C%|L & N unl 4s 98'
Do coupon 106% Manhtn en gld 4s.l00
Do 3s, reg 107% Mexican Cen 4s.. 71U
Do coupon...... 10R % Do 1st Inc '13T4
Do new 4s. reg. 135 Minn & St L 4s.. JW%
Do coupon...... l.'JS • IM. K A T 4s..,.. 97%
Do old 4s. reg.;ilO>4' Do 2ds. .....;.. 7r,
Do coupon 110% Ntl RR Mex en 4s 72
Do 5s, reg. :•..,. 102% N Y Cen gen 3%b »7M
Do coupon 102 H.V J Cen gen 5s...l2S%'
Atchlson gen 4?.. 0S*^ Vorthern Pac 4s.lO0!»i
Do adj 4« 89'/ Do 3s 70H
Atlantic C L 4s... OO'i < & W con 4s P4&
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 09% D S L 4s and part 89%
Do 3%s '..; «•'{% Penn conv 3%s.. 95%
Central of Ga 5s.. 105 Heading gen 4s. 95
Do 1st Inc C8 StL 4k IM con 5s 100%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.I01H Do tK 4s... 81 4
«'hl & Alton 3%s. 71%iSt L SW lets.... 8.1 ii
C. 13 & Q new 4s. :91% '.Seaboard- A L 4s." CS
. C. M"A-StP gen"4«.104% Southern Pac 4s.. 85%
C & N W'con 7s.. 131% Southern Ry 5s.. .112**
C. RI & P RR 4s. 71 Texas & Pac lxts.mvi i
1 C.RI&P RR col 6s 73 T. St< L & W 4s.. tVi%
C.C.C & 8Lgen4s tW Cnion Paclflc 4s,.100« j
Chi Ternr 4s;:v.'. 75 ¦ Do conv 4s...... 94
Con Tobacco 4s.\. 53% U S Steel 2d Cs.. 71 '
Colo & South 4s. 8-1 {Wabash lsts..y. ..H4W
Denver & RI G 4s 85V4 Do deb B 531,4
¦Erie prior lien 4s. WS% WALE 4b...... 80
.Do gen 4s...... 83 ¦ Wisconsin Cen 4s. 89
Ft W & D C lsts.103 Colo Fuer5s....:. 76 £
Hocking Val 4 %s. 105 j : '
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. . '
Adams Con ..... 10' Little Chief 4 00
Alice 15jOntario 4 50
Breece 12lOphir 1 50
Bruns Con 04, Phoenix , 07
Com Tunnel OO.Potos.1 .-.......».'. .23
Con Cal & Va."~ 1 2O',Savag;e ......... ».v- 24
Horn Silver . 1 00. Sierra Nev ' 60
Iron Silver 1> 40 Small HoDes * 20
J«eadvi!le Con ... 02 Standard 175
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money—;". ¦ •' '( Mining-
Call loans' ...... .3®4| Adventure ... ... 3
Time loans . .". ..;5©« Alloue2 . . .; .....^4
Bonds — " 1 Amalgamated ... 3514
Atchlson 4« 97% Daly West ...... 39'
Railroad* — • • Blngham «U
Atchlson V ... (3% Calumet & Hecla. 435
Do pfd .'.......• 8S Centennial -1414
Boston & "Albany. 247 Copper Range ... 4314
N Y N H tc H..:l»4 Dominion Coal .. C9»i
Fltchourg pfd , : ". ; 135% Franklin V 7 '*
Union Pacific ...-65 % Isle Royale ......6%
Mexican Central.. 10% Mohawk .: 33
Miscellaneoue — ¦¦ Old Dominion ... 5 .
American Sugar.. 109>,i Osceola,... " .... . £1 '.
' Do pfd .:.116fi Qulncy ... .. S5 ;
Amer Tel :& Tel. 121 Santa Fe Capper. - 1^
Pom 1 & Steel... 9. 1 Tamarack ... :.. 75 .
General E4ectric.M40 .' Trinity... ¦:.'... J 5H
Mass Electric ...19- United States -17H
¦ Do pfd- 77% Utah ... .:....;. Zi%
United Fruit . : : 94 - Victoria :.....,. '.V .2*4
U B Steel ...-.'I, : 14% Wlnona •...>..;'...' 6 v
Do pfd ....:... «1% Wolverine .'.. ..: 62"
Westlnghse com.. 68 J '. 1 : 1 ¦ »
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con* for money.. £6% N Y Central .....120 .
¦ Cons for acct.S8 13-10 Nor & West... .. .";57
Anaconda ....... 3% "Do pfd ......;: IK)
Atchlson ..:..... ."64% Ont & Western.".. 20%
~ Do pfd ........ 91 Pennsylvania'.... 00%
BaJ A Ohio ....... 74«i Rand .Mines V....- 8%
Can Pacific ......122% Reading.......... 23
Ches & Ohio...... SOU ¦: Dolst pfd..... 38,
Cbl Great- West.. 15% Do 2dpfd...... 31
sacks: Rocky Mountain description*. $3 43 per
20OO lbs and $S 50 per ton. according to brand.
OIL — Linseed, 4J>c for boiled and 47c for raw
in barrels: cases. 5c more; Castor OH. ia cases
No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA. #1 10®l 12; Lucol. 44o
I for boiled and 42e for raw In barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases, '83c*
China Nut. 65ig70c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
In barrels. 75c; cases. SOc: Sperm, pure. 75c-
Whale Oil., natural white. 50 -g 53c per gallon;
Fish Oil. In barrel*. 45c; cases, 50c: Cocoanut
Oil. in barrels. SSc for Ceylon and 53c for Aus
tralian. ¦ ' - '
COAL OIL— "Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
,14%c ;Pearl Oil In cases. 21c; Astral, 21c;
Star, 21 c: Extra Star. 25c; Elaine. 27c; Eocene.
24c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk. 17c;
In cases,- 23%c: Benzine, in bulk, 13c; In cases.
-19%c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 21e; la
cases, 27%c. -¦•
"- TURPENTINE— SOc per ration ia case* and
,74c in drums and, iron barrels. .. - . :
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «%c9
7c per lb; Whits. Lead, 6%®7c; > according to
qirantlty.- ¦ ¦ • - . ¦ .: i
~ SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes.' A Crushed and Pine Crushed. 8.85c;
Powdered; 6.70c: Candy Granulated. 5.70c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 6.64)c; Dry Granulated, coars*
S.60c: Fruit Granulated) 5.60c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.45c: Confectioners' A.
5.60c; Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c: Gold
en C. 5c; "D," 4.90c: barrels.. 10c more; half
•barrels. 25c more; boxes, SOc more: 5O-lb bags.
10c mere for all kinds. • Tablets — Half barrel*.
6-10cr boxes,. 0.33c ner lb. .No orders taken for
.less, than, seventy-five barrels: or. It* equivalent!
{'Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAT. OCTOBER 9.
Flour, qr sks... 2.B73 Shorts, sks ..... 4.T0
Wheat, ctls 5.887 Tallow, ctla ...." 2SO
Barley/ ctls ... .52.R73 Pelts. No ¦.-..V... 2.475
Beans, sks ..;.. 9.317 Hides. N».;.... idd
Potatoes, sks ... 1.520 Chicory, bbls ... 25
Onions, sks .... 520. Raisins, bxs 1,100
Bran, ska 540 Quicksilver, flsks 40
Middlings. Bks .. 292 Leather, rolls ... 27
Hay. tons 562 Wine, gals 63.0no
Hops, bales 1W> Lime, bbl* 320
Wool, bales 57." .
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sk*...11.470fOat Groat*, ska. 310
Wheat, ctls 570 Rolled Oat*, sks. 315
Oats, ctls 8101 Flaxseed, sks ... 515
fairly steady In the ; face , of . the . 'wide fluctua
tions -in -wheat. . Small ' country offerings i were
a help in maintaining prices. . The market was
a local 'affair almost entirely, with 'commis
sion . houses doing most of the . buying. . ; After
selling betwi«n,.45Vic; and r 45% c, : December
closed %c lower at 453ie. ¦•-. „<: - ,~ '
: Oats were 'firm the greater, part of the ses
sion on a good cash demand, with commission
houses fair /Tauyers of December. ,. The decline
in wheat" caused an' easier | feeling, late In the
day, and the close; on December, was %c lower
at 36%@37c, after ranging between 36%@37%c.
A small advance in the price of hogs helped
to maintain a -firm; tone ; in ' provisions during
the first part of the session, but later the mar
ket sold oft . more from lack < of support than
from any other cause. -; The close was easier,"
with; January .pork off -15c at $1185: January
lard was down 2#c at ?0 57 l i, whiles ribs
were 5o lower, at ?U 32}$. :.•,:'-, • ,
The -leading futures ranged, as follows: '.
Articles— Open.. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — - " -.'. • ¦:¦':¦. -.- •¦', •
Dec., new . 78% - 70^4 .78% 7S9&
May :.. , 78% • 79V 78^ 7SVi
. Corn No. 2— - :
October ......... ...'.''. .... • .... ¦4'!%
December ...... 45% 45% 44^ " 44Vi
Hay ...v 44H. 45% 4414 .44»i'
Oats, No. 2— • -.. - «¦ . ;:«-.
October. 36^4 -37 36% 36%
December ...... : 3C% '. . 37^4 38Vi '¦ 36>4
May.; ¦ 37% 37% 37%
¦ Mess Pork, per : barrel — ? .
October.;.: 1100 1100 1100 1100.
January .......12 00 05 11 85 11 85
May .;.;.. .....12 15 12 22^4 12 02% 12 05
s Lard. per 100 pounds— . :
October ........ 6 S2^-6.82H- 6 77% 6 77%'
December ...... B CO B fiO . „ 6 62% 6 52%
January ..:;..'. 6 CO •' 0fl5 '6 57% i8 57% :
' • Short Ribs > per 5 100 pounds — - , - v ¦ .-¦ ,- *
October ........ 8 60 8 60 . N 8 50 - 8 50
January ;..:... 6 37^4 6 42^ " 0 3214 ti 32V4 '
Cash quotations were as follows w ¦ '.
Flour.' steady : I No. ; 3 spring • wheat. 78@82c:
No.i2 red. 78%@80c; No. 2 corn. 45^4@46c: No..
2 yellow 47c: No. 2 oats, 37c; No. 8 white,
37%@38%c; No". 2 rye, - 53c ; good feeding bar
ley. 42@4Bc;. fair to choice malting. 40<g46%c;
No. 1-flaxseed, 85c; No.l Northwestern. $1 02:
prime timothy seed. $2 80; mess pork, per bar
rel, ?11@11 12%; lard, per 100 pounds, |0 77%;
short ribs eldes (loose). $8 25S?8 50; dry salted^
shoulders .(boxed). $« 50®C 75; . short -clear
sides (bo»ed). : $8 B0®8 75; whisky, basis of
high wines. $1 24; ' clover, contract grade,'
$11 35@1I SO. '.'¦• >-..•
Articles— ' ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .....25,100 •;.,- 11,000
"Wheat" bushels ..141,000 -151,700
Corn, bushels .. .......277.900 - 032.500
Oats.' bushels .-. ....... 176. 000 .286.500
Rye bushels :.... 8.«0O ¦ 11.C0O
Barley, bushels .......... .100.500 .'.117.900'
On the Produce-Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries. J5©20c; Dai
ries, 14®17c. Cheese, steady, llgll^c. ;Egga,'
steady. 18@19c. . '. ' • ' ,
Foreign F*u hires.
: . : LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— 7- ' ¦¦•;" Oct. •: Dec'
Opening 6 3ft- 6 4%
Closing C 3% : 4j4Ji
. . ' PARIS. ' ': - ..< ¦
Wheat— . Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 05 20 75 '
Closing •• 2105 20 SO :
• Flour
Opening 20 35 27 95
aosing 29 65 28 00
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 9. — CATTLE — Receipts.
4000, Including 400 Texans. Very slow. I Good
to prime steers, $5 10(g5 S5; poor -to medium, .
$3 50$?4 75; utockers and feeders, %2 25@4 60.
cows, $1 40@4 tiO; heifers, f2@5: canners, $1 40
©2 50; bulls, $2ii4 35; calves, $3 50#7 25;
Texan fed eteers, *2 75@3 25; -Western steers,
$3 50©5. . ¦ ' ¦•' • .' ¦: .'
HOGS-^Receipts to-day,. 8000;" to-morrow,
1)000; ¦ lO&ISc higher than at the close yester
day^ Mixed and butchers. $5.25@5 70; good to
choice heavy, $5 15tJ5 50; rough. heavy, $1 70
@5 10; light, (5 25©5 70; bulk of sales, $:>'<(
5 40. ¦.,¦¦-¦,
SHEEP— Receipt?. 8000. Sheep and lambs,
steady to 10c lower. Good to choice .wetherb.
$3 n. r .ft4; fair to choice mixed, I §2 25@3 25:
Western sheep, $2 253*4 25; native lambs. $3 .30
@3 70; Western lambs, $4 25@5 30.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 9. — Wool, steady to firm,
but unchanged: Medium grades combing and
clothing^ 17@21c: light fine. 15@l7%c; heavy
fine, 12S14%c; tub .washed. 20@30c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. «Oct 9.— Clearings, $692,445;
biflanccf. $190,444.
TACOMA. Oct. 9.— Clearings, $322,711;
balances $41,697.
PORTLAND, Oct. ».— Clearings, $705 002
balances. $110,224.' - -
SPOKANE, Oct. 9. — Clearings, S304 074
balances. $6012. .
¦ -¦¦¦-. : x" \';;, •i'-':ji:'i' i
'Northern Wheat Market. : -~
OREGON. ;. . -
PORTLAND, Oct. 9.— Wheat— Walla - Wal
la, 77c; blOe stem,, 77c;*; valley, 7C@77c. *
.WASHINGTON.
I TACOMA. 1 Oct. 0,^-Wheat. unchanged ; blue
stem, 79c; club, 75c, .
Krji 1 York stock market about as before,
Xct much going on in; local stocks and bonds.
Silver a fraction lozver. Exchange rates undisturbed.
Wheat, cash and future, somewhat lozver and weak.--
Cash Barley firm, but futures lower. ¦ ,,
Opts selling very: well at steady prices. Corn quiet and weak.
Bran, Middlings and Hay continue Urm.
Lima Beans .weak and offered in large lines.
Butter, Eggs, and Cheese "show no further change.
Dried- Fruits, .Nuts and Raisins still firm.
Proznsions slow, both here and in the West. .['.'¦"_
Hops quieter, with a further decline. (
Wool and Hides as previously quoted.^
Cattle. Sheep 'and Hogs in sufficient supply.
Receipts of Poultry liberal and of Game moderate.
Supplies of Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables still ample.
Fresh Fruits '^qiiiet and hot materially} changed. : _
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
': Eggs are dearer* this week and stock* - of
fresh , ranch in the ' wholesale . markets are very
light. :?t Butter '-. Is - plentiful ** and* lower, -, while
Cheese and Honey have not changed 'elnce last
i : Meats and Fish are still selling at the- long
established', prices. Poultry and Game are in
good supply, with prices -the same as quoted
last week. •» Gray / Geese : and Jack Snipe are
added, to the list of Game. ¦ - - -.
¦ Fruits and * Vegetables show but little change
from s last week's report. Blackberries have
disappeared and are dropped from the list, but
everything; else Is In; good supply. .". . . '¦']
\ COAL. . PER TON—
Wellington .$—610 00 New ' ' „
Seattle. ..:...$ — & S BO - Wellington $-'-€>10 00
Roslyn ....:%— @ 9 00 Coos. Bay •.» — & J 50
Richmond:...?—® 0 GO Greta •."• • *—& » 00
DAIRY PRODUCE, ' ETC.— ¦/.'" ', - - :
Butter, cholce,sq.55@65 Common Eggs... 35© 10
Do good ..40&50 Ranch 'Eggs «©50
Do packed, lb27%e>30 Eastern* Eggs. . ..—©30
Cheese, . Cal . . ..15©2<> Honey, comb, per -i "
Cheese. ¦;¦ Eastern. 20028 pound . ... . . • • . — ©20
Cheese, Swiss... 25635 Do extracted.. 8©10
. meats; per pound—
Bacon /:*..; . . '.-; . .18®25'Pork Sausage. . 12^015
Hams ...... .... 10© 18 Smoked ¦ Beef — @20
Lard ...... ....12H<g*— I' ,y ' . :
', The San Francisco Butchers" Protective As
sociation - gives -. the' following : retail 'prices ¦ for
meats: - - j '...-: -" - -¦'_-. *¦¦- , "¦ ¦¦ :• :'¦¦/. V;:.
Roast Beef i :..'.10®20iHlndqrtr Lamb. .18S2O
Tenderloin Steak.l5@18 Foreqtr Mutton.. S® JO
Porterhse. >dol7>*'- . Leg Mutton ...12^©15
Sirloin Steak.. 12%@lf. Mutton Chops.. 12H©13
Round Steak .\10<8;i2V4 Mutton Stew ...-. hgrtO
Beef Stew .....— 010 Roast Veal .....12@20
Corned Beef .... 8S10 Veal Cutlets ..•-.15®'J0
Houp Bones .::...4@— Veal Stew -.-; . .12^@'15
Soup Meat ....... 5@10 Roast Pork . ..12 1 *'W-""'
Lamb Chops ,.,.-,B2i Pork Chops ....15018
Foreqtr Lamb. 12%@15 - ' -
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each. . . ;. .50375 Gqsllngs . .. . .$2 00
Young Roosters, ¦' Pigeons, pair .'. . — @30
'each ...*....'¦..: CO&75 Squabs, per pair. — ©«0
Old; Roosters. ,ea.50@6S Rabblte. each.',.'.20@2o
Fryers.: each ...60<g«0 Hare, each .... — @20
Broilers, each >\'".40<?"r50I Wild Doves. '-dz..S ISO
Turkeys, per lb..23@2Sj English Snipe. dz.$4 50
Ducks, each j . .\75c@$l 1 Jack Snipe, doz. .$2 50
Geese, -each " :. . .'.$1 75' Gray Geese, r each — @O0
FRUITS AND? NUTS— ¦ , • :
Alllgtr Pears, e~a.25#35 Lemons, doz ....15023
Almonds '.....:.. .15«K!<J Nutmeg . Mel, ea. J©10
Apples .......... 3@ 5 Oranges, doz 25«30
Cantaloupes .:. ..10^15 Prunes,. lb ;...... 6© 8
Cranberries, qt.. — @15 Pomegranates. ea2MKS5
Pecans .......:. '.-^-©20 Peaches. Iper lb.V 5@ 8
Brazil Nuts f. . .". 20@— Pears," per 1b .". . 5@ *
Bananas, d(3z....25<yoO Pineapples, ea.'. ,25<?t5<>
Chestnuts .....— ©12% Quinces,- lb ..... 3® 5
Cocosnuts, each.'.T— ®10 Raisins, per lb..-firfr?5
Dried Figs, pr, lt>— <S10 Raspberries, dr.. 40@6O
Fresh Figs. lb... 10^15 strawberries, per
Grapes,- per lb...3@ 3 .-drawer ....*.... 20<£50
Grape Fruit, dz.75c®$l Walnuts: per lb..l5ft20
Hucklbrfes, - lb.lOtfmv, Watermelons, ea-10@25
Limes, doz v....10@15 '. .. ,
.VEGETABLES—
Asparagus, lb. ...— @15 Lima Beans, lb.. 5@ 6
Artichokes, doz. .40350 Onions, per . lb..Jl@ 2
Beets, dozen ..T. .W9 — Okra. green, lb..5*J«
Beans, white, Ho. 3®— Okra, dried, lb.. — <&25
Colored, ptr lb 5ff - Potatoes, lb *....1%&2
Dried Lima, lb.. (WI 8 Parsnips, per dz.l5@20
Cabbage, each... fift 10 Radlshes.dz hchsl5fl20
Celery, head .Vh 1 0 Sage, dz bunchesi25f* —
Cress, dz bunch.)50 — String .Beans, lb. 4@ 6
Cucumbers, dz. ..lO^.-lSiSummer Squash,
Garlic" ...... ;..... 5@ 6 h penlb ........ S© 3
Green Corn, " doz. 2.1W40 Sprouts, per lb. . 5@ 0
Green Peppers, lb 3«J 5 Bplnacn,' per' lb.— «J 5
Dried Peppers.. 10(325 Bweet Potatoes, ;
Egg Plant 3@ 0 per lb .... 2@2 1 .a
Green Peas, lb.. . «@ 8 rhyme.dz .bnchs.2ri4I30
Lettuce, per dos.lSigUO JTurnlps, per da.. — #10
Leeks.dz bunchs.lS@20 Vomatoes. lb ... 1"3 3
FISH— , . . , . .
tiarracouta . . . . . — @15]Sea Bass .'. — ©15
Carp ........ ..l0©li»Vi Smelts .....— ftl3
L'atflsh ........— 'fl 12 l(j Soles .....'. i..lO@12Vi
Codfish .......— ©12 Vi Skates, each ....10015
Flounders ....... 1O}2 — Squid ........... — © —
Halibut ir.® — Tomcod .12^««—
Herring : — «s — Turbot ....2o*i —
Mackerel - — Q — Trout, Salmon... — ©:«
Do horse.. 15@-- Trout ,.. — ©40
Rockflsh — @12% Brook Trout — fe50
Salmon, fresh....- <g> — Whlteflsh -• ¦• " ..10® —
Do smoked 15©2r Clams, gallon . .50®—
Sardines ....;.. AOii— Do hardshell. lb 8010
Shrimps — @10 Crawn*h, lb...l2V4®13
Shad ......:. :.':.. Uiit — Crabs, each — @ —
Striped Bass ...15@2O MUssels. quart.— WiV,
Perch 10S— Oysters. Cal, 100.40B50
Pomplno --050 Do Eastern.dz.3C@4O
Rockcod .:. .—(015 ',..-.. v. ;
| FAMILY RETAIL MARKE7\
THE SAN FRA3S CISCO CALL, SATURDAY; OCTOBER fO,19O3i
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Page Thirteen.*
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
W AUCTION. £a
CLOSING OUT SAL.ES.
- R. H. Nason of Dixon, Solano County, retir-
ing on account of his extreme age, 8i years,
consigns 40 head draft stock. 4 to 7 years old.
weighing from 14C0 to 1S0O pounds: this is th»
finest lot of heavy horses ever offered In the
San Francisco market: there are matched
spans of blacks. dapDle rrays, bay* and
browns; average weight 1600 lbs; gentle, young
and sound and ready to work. Also 4 driv-
ing horses, two having records of 2:17 and
2:1"V4 respectively.
1 A magnificent coal black "Belgium" stal-
lion. 7 years, weight 1900. broke single and
double, will be sold by same party.
ALTA STABLES. San Rafael. R. F. Koch,
owner, conslzna 15 head of Driving; Hone*.
Klgs, Harnesses, etc.
All to ba sold without reserve at
1732 MARKET RT SAN FRANCISCO
MONDAY EVENING, OCT. 12. 1903,
At 7:43 o'clock, by electric light.
The attention of draymen and liverymen la
called to this sale.
Horses will be at yard October 10th.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
• Livestock Auctioneers.THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, ; OCTOBER 10, 1903.
12
• - »O*ETf TO LQA-— Contin««_L
I -** Ac^"T P or > gc 1 en'c7 M . SS^gSiV^"
' M dia ra o f nd,° ££ls°\ndV nt f reSt: "* oId - » llv '~.
\ -^_____|^^5__5Sg_^
I (
• 702 MARK^? S r^° m M ?" ofer
Every facility for^hl 'h,J? 0M Red 3S21 -
¦ all diseases and disorder. P T tmtm '« «*
' sanatorium. Select Patf.n/ W ° men ' EI * Kant "
; dentlaL Fees wng,, 1^"^.,. «£
. "-rnp^nufTn^aV^^^T^ar,
. yean,' «perience i _rernoved ?? l £5 a gg-. t /»
; MRS DR. KOHL, reliable specUliVt for aifTZ
male troubles and Jrre*ularitie«- tmT.il
lief ruaranteerl inf>«ki « . • Inst »nt r«-
nei guaraiueeq.^iuta^ Market st.. opp. 5th,
• DR. G. W. O-DONNELL— All^hTaTTsl'cV'w
In trouble consult this specialist on f>«L?
! complaints: posltlveiy eorWetert- the urTfor
tunate helped; the most difficult' cases t?ea£
ed; advice free. Office. lOlS Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 7.T3 Tutk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints: in_t relief-
i treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exptr."
. MRS. T>. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladlev
i specialist; a private home before and >1urln«
confinement; best medical care; low feea.
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2X)& Folsom i st cornet
26th; relief $10; ladies exclusive office.
i DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERB-T
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st
1 DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MUSICAX I^TRCMEXTg.
VALUE.
Collard. upright $x\
Fllsher. upright 9C
Sherman & Hyde, upright i£-
Mannsfeldt & Hotnl, beautiful curly waj IK
Chlckerlns :...«. .;.. l.v
2 Steinway uprights, large, small. ..$165 SOC
2 Heine uprights, large and small, used
less than 5 years $232 "-."
And 200 others. Squares from $10 up.
Rents. $2 up. apply on purchase: instal-
ments as low as $4. HEINE PIANO CO.
235-237 Geary st Only manufacturers an<i
largest exclusive wholesale and retail deal-
ers west of Chicago.
RENTING la our specialty: $2 up. apply or
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 237 Geary
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, aa we own the building.
The only reason we advertise Is 'to let you
know we rent the best piano In the city for $-'
per month. Now we can sell you one Just th*
same. Our expenses are bo very much les«
than other firms, why not Investigate our price?
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and «av<
from $75 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5t5O-62-64 Hayea st
YOU do not take any chances when buying
from us. Our methods are well known to b«
open and aboveboard. "Big bargains, nut
big ads," is our rule. All goods guaranteer
as represented or no sale. Call and see lai~«
assortment of new and used Instru— ent*
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 76C
Market at.
A FEW good upright bargains from $50 up. In-
cluding such makes as Chlckertng, Mason &
Hamlln. Vose, Sterling, Curtaz. Klrkman,
. Halnes. Weser. Pease and others. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st. No
branches in San Francisco.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered in Saa
Francisco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any in-
strument -for cash or Installments. Call oi
write ror prices and terms at one*. KOHLEIt
& CHASE. Established 1850. 30 O'Farrell.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker:
Gus Maiwald Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farrell:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments soirl.
A STECK & GABLER upright, nearly new,
cheap: a snap. HORNUNQ. ¦ 216 McAllister.
RARE chance; c.ash or payments: elegant higfi
grade upright. 16 McAllister st. ,
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture diri
cheap. / Whitehead's Storage. 1636 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL* 3-pedaI Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. K»efre's.2S5 OTa— el!
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos. Cectllan plane
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and ne~. II.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham piace.
OFFICE.) AND STORES TO LET.
STORE with large basement; below Keams
st; rent $30. Apply 636 Clay st.. room 1.
PIAXOS AXD ORGAXS.
PART of our list of bargains la second-hand
pianos for September, 1903:
Original
Price. Now.
1 STEINWAY & SONS—
Rosewocd case, large aixe. 7 1-3 ..*.'-
octaves, beautiful tone. In excel-
lent condition $725 $372
1 A. B. CHASE—
-Mahogany case, largest size, full
swinging music rack, three pedals,
very latest style, cannot be told
from a new piano 550 40C
1 STEINWAY ft'SONS—
Walnut case, small size. 7 1-3 oc-
taves, nearly new, beautiful tone.
In fine condition 625 473
1 STEINWAY & SONS—
Mahogany case, large size, latest
style, 7 1-3 octaves, cannot be told
front new : 750 S23
1 A. B. CHASE GRAND—
Mahogany case. In perfect condi-
tion, only used three months 800 573
1 'STEINWAY & SONS BABY
GRAND— '
. Ebonized case. In use a very short
time and equal to new $50 750
Also a large number of square pianos
ranging In price from $23 to $23O. and chapel
and parlor organs from $20 to $150. -
Complete list furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
PERSOXALS. ~
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
. Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
smallpox pittlncs and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicines; special demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
THE Star Hair. Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1333 Polk.
INFORMATION wanted as to whereabouts of
ROY DICKINSON, formerly with Tesla Coal
Company. CHARLES DICKINSON. Bakers-
field. Cal.
BRAUN— Professor Martin, graduate masseur
of the Imperial University Hospital. Vienna.
Office 224 Starr Kingr bldg., 121 Geary. Tel.
Exchange 216
NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
• the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market »t.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocoaine habit Call or
addreas Central Pharmacy, 231 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate. -
LIQUOR habit cured. W» guarantee to cur»
the liquor habit In 2 days or co dia— n.
Acme Liquor Care Co., 997 Market, r. 202.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drus dis-
eanea positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1830 Polk st; consultation free; call or write.
REMOVAL— DR. W. C. STRATTON has r»-
moved hla office from 2233 Mission st. to
rooms 573 ana 574. Parrott bldg. (Emporium*^
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evening* at Teutonia Hall, Howard
st.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
AT less ihan cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st
ELEGANT suits on easy installments; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS, 1127
Market st. bet Seventh and Eighth.
ANDERSON— Elegant theatrical and~masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26* O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments. $t per week.
: Neuhaua & Co.. merch. tailors, 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse,! 170 Market
THE best place to buy good umbrella* or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton.
ALL styles ha'irdresslng 25c: hair *ood«: mani-
curing. 2Sc. Q.LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: dres» pant* $*» 30
; Misfit Clothing Parlor.cor. Bush ami PupW
MASQUERADE costumes.- play books wlzs
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 Mkt
A^f. R^ D n M ' S » EKy , pUan Henna restore* gray
hair l« its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
h * 1 f and .moles removed with elec-
trjc needle. Mm. ft Mlsa Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
PALMISTRY.'.
t »« T alm . r ~ dln ;» $L Hours 10 to 13 and;
1 to 5., and Tuesday evening. 139 Post »t.
H.^J-ROME FOSELLI. pcdgotlSc palmist/ BIS
Taylor st, yar Geary, .fj&nje Black Ml
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE— Con.
-~- --,., ,.^,^.-,.-, - — .
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV.
' ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. • LEVI STRAUSS & CO. '3
FACTORIES. 32>4 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR. FIFTEENTH.
MIDDLE-AGED women to sew on buttons by
hand. Levl Strauss & Co.'s Shirt Factory,
36% Ftemont'st.; see MR. HINDSHAW.
WANTED— Girl for general housework, fam-
ily of two;' good wages; none but first-class
cook need apply. Call from 10 to 1 at 808
Fell at \ 4
WANTED-— Young woman who" is an experi-
enced -dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS,'
GIRLS wanted— Box department Mutual Label
and Xltho Co., Second and Bryant sts.;
Bryant-st. entrance.
GIRLS'about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply tt once, AMES & HARRIS. 10ft Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED — A girl for general housework; Ger-
man preferred. . Apply 00 Twenty-ninth st.
WANTED— A girl for second wprk and wait-
Ing. Call bet. 10 and 12 a. m., 2424 Stelner.
RELIABLE, responsible woman for lucrative
- undertaking. Box 4073. Call.
FINISHER on pants; steady work. 36 Geary
St.. room 33. ,' .
2 LADIES'of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. 59 Columbian bldg.. city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor, 302 Montgomery.
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and coat
hands and errand girl. J. B-AER, 1200 Geary.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C
Valencia st. ' ¦
HELP WAXTED— MALE.
A^RAcTFl^E^n^L^Y^EN^^A^ETjCT^^
. : 520 — Sacramento tt — 520. " - ,
Phone Main 1191. -_ Cor. Leidesdorff.
Steamer sails to-day, 10 a. m. '-1
Astoria, • Oregon. ' ' Astoria.
Oregon, ' near Portland. Oregon.
On Columbia River— Fee $1.
Fare $3, with berth and meals; 50 laborers,
$51 and found; 25 rockmen, $59 and found.
Call and see us to-day. -Call early.
Humboldt and Mendocino Counties.
300 men to cut ties, chop wood, cut shingles
and stove bolts; batch yourself or board with
the companies; big wages; cheap fare.
P'oreman. extra gang, south. S. P.'R. R.;
free fare: handle powder; fS- a day. - -
Six lumber pliers, Truckee district, $2 50 a
day; board where you like; steady Job. '
Nevada. Free fare. - Nevada.
.25 laborers, free fare. .«2 a day. '
5 miners, north, S3 a day, 7 hours.
0 muckers. *2 50 a day, 8 hours.
Butte County. Chico. Half fare.
Oregon. Coal miners. . Free fare.
20 coal miners, Jl a ton, Oregon. -
20 laborers, factory, ?2 10 to $2 40 a day.
Blacksmith, $2 50; blacksmith's helper, city;
5 teamsters, large ranch,, $40 and found; 10
farmers, ?30 and round; 300 muckers and
laborers, mines, ?0O. '
Big tunnel. Free fare. " • Near city.
20 tunnelmen. ?75; 20 muckers, $60.
.Farmer and wife, ranch, Nevada, boss here,
$40 nnd found. . .
tHead waiter, city hotel. $40 and found.
. PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
¦ ¦ ; : -. ' 520 Sacramento ft. .
SECOND cook for Institution, $40 and found:
boarding-house cooks. $40 and $50; second
cook, country hotel, $50; waiter, country
hotel, $30; pantryman, $8 week, no Sunday
work, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
COACHMAN and wife; $60 and round; coach-
man, $30 and found; 6-horse ranch teamster
$35 Bnd found. . rare rerunaed: .rarmer and
wife for Nevada, $40 and found, see boss
! here to-day; gardener wife, $60 and
' found; man about place, $30 and found;
sheep herder, $30 and found; farmers, $30
and found; brick burner, $3 day; 3 boiler-
makers. $3 CO day: married vineyard 1st- 12
woodchoppers, $1 W). .' $1 ¦ 73. ' $2 and $2 75
cord. J. F. CROSETT &: CO.. tCs Sacra-
mento Bt.
AT S. F. Employment Bureau, 17 "Fourth st —
We ship every day. to El Dorado County^ -
4 2-horse teamsters ......... .$50 and found
Timber fellers, $05 month; common laborers,
$2 day; laborers and rockmen for city, $2 25
to $2 50 day. . - ' .
HUTTE CO. CHICO. ' BU1TE CO.
. Ship to-day; laborers, $2 23 day; teamsters,
?2 DO day.
..Reno, Nev., free. fare;, ship every, day; free
1 fare. Call early, boys, we have lotrf.of work
for all. .
S; -F. Employment. Bureau: ...17 Fourth "st.
ANDRE'S office, 317* Stockton st.;—' Second
cook family hotel, $50; relief cook,, $50; short
order cook, $40: .waiter,- $10 50 a -week; '
waiter, and tend : bar. country, $35; 2. dish-
' washers, small country hotels.. $20 and found; :
..vegetable* man, $30: choreman, : reoort, $15; '
restaurant butcher, . $50 to $60. etc. > »
A— MAN and wife. . private family, . $00. Ap-
¦; ply - to. MRS. NORTON. 313 ~ Sutter st.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 i Montgomery, r. 12.
Porter, country,": $20 ; ; bellboy for ciub, $30. .
BOY from 15 to 17 years to learn - electrical
. and all ; kinds of mechancial , work; - those
• seeking : steady position' only need apply be-;
, tween 7.and 8 a. tn.'! 1301 Devisadero at. -,;
WHY-pay big prices "to, have "your shoes half-
' soled when you can -get it done .for 25c. 50c
-and 60c.' while you wait at 563 : Mission st;
bet, ,1st and 2d . sta.. ¦-, or. 11 'Third at?
YOUNG' man, stenographer • and , typewriter;
state age; nalary expected;' references.' Box
V 4107, Call office.'; ' . : y -. :
BARBER. . help out Saturday evening, I Sunday.
morning; steady one preferred. ; 250 Sixth st.
BARBER for Saturday and : Sunday. " 515
Hayes st; ' ¦.-",- , — ' - .-. '" < ¦;
RELIABLE boy about 16; package department,
-, wholesale house: $4 50 start Apply 161 First.
ERRAND boy: wanted: 1 about the age 'of *14."
> Address' box- 4106. Call -office.-. . • . ,
CARRIAGE. TRIMMER wanted, , also: »¦ boy
with some eiperience.'.471S Folsom st. - x
TRY- our- men's shoes.*' union made, at $1 and
.', ; $1 50: per.-. pair; foot-form shoes ; at ; $2 50,:or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
V. Third st. Exam, bldg.,' 5 doors from; Market.
BUSHELMAN wanted.;' Golden -' Eagle Cloth-
;.: ing,Co.^,104'Kearny;st. ¦ v; ; ..-_ ' " _
..WAITER r wanted ' at > 211 Grant : ave. ;¦ , ; i .. ., ¦ :
HOUSE painter, wanted for foreman.! 1701 Sut-
¦.¦jitcr st.^-' , ':V '.':¦• ','¦¦/•_'¦'-. :' - v . .¦ . \ ¦'
WANTED— A»Kood oyster man;! $2 a day.-' 13.1
-,'-, Powell st. . .. ; . . ¦:-¦ .....'. ..:
BOOTBLACK wanted - at 208 Third st., near
-r , Howa rri . ¦ - l <<^-^^>t__gSl|Sg«J_ajgjSBptf|aHW t »Vl!
ELEVATOR boy; wanted.. 29 Stockton st.
•'¦'/< HELP .WA~T~:P— WALK— -Con . " _
MURRAY, & READY 634 and 636 Clay st
:•' ' PHONE 'MAIN 5848.
' ¦ Leading - Employment . and ¦ Labor ; Agents.
1902-WE GAVE ,. ' 1903 .WE'LL GIVE
.45,000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
Men wanted TO-DAY for _ «_ ''
ARIZONA. OREGON,
. NEVADA. ¦ -
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systen is ; free
pass - v ¦-..-¦. . . •. . .v .. - - , ¦•"'
ON EVERY TRAIN.
SECTION HANDS. MUCKERS. DRILLERS,
Extra Gangs. Teamsters. Hammersmen.
MINES, TUNNELS, QUARRIES.
Miners all .over State, $90 and $82 50.
', Labors and muckers - everywhere, • $60. $75
and $82 50. --
STABLES - FARMS, ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
, Farm and orchard hands. $30. $35. $40 &fd.
Milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30 to |50
- and found.-C-^sistii&Jt&g ' -
26 choremen, coachmen, gardenera, etc., $30.
10 stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $60.
. , MURRAY & READY. i.A
. . .634-636 Clay at.
SAWMILLS— WOODS.
633 laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to
$70 and found. - - .
196 mill and yard men. $50 to $150.
3C5 WOODCHOPPERS. .
. 287 TIEMAKERS.
All classes of experienced men for wooda,
. mills.- etc.. from $50 $00 $70, $80 $90, $100.
$125 to $150 a month. " .
MURRAY & READY. 634-630, Clay St
COOKS. WAITERS. ! PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mlnas
. and ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 fd.
12 -waiters, city and country, $25 to $40 fd.
Steward, country hotel. .
14 butchers, different Jobs. $40 to $90 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-633 Clay st
MECHANICAL. — -
¦ Head Dolbeer logger, $00.
5 3 painters, stripe, letter. $2 50 to $3 a day. '
: 2 coopers, factory. 20c fare, $3 25 a day. -
' Cut-off sawyer; 12 boys to learn trades, city.
BLACKSMITHS.
. Also many helpers all over California, $50, !
$60. $70,: $80, $90 and found.
• LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
636 laborers and teamsters, city and coun- j
try; some factories, mills, warehouses, exca-
vating, building, etc.: many in San Fran-
cisco; lots to board home, $2, $2 25, $2 CO.
' $2 75 a day; 96 carmen and furnace men. $67 i
and $75. j
' Positions not advertised. . '
COME— SEE.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READYS,
BIGGEST PLACES AT 634-C36 Clay «t
'" MIDNIGHT ORDERS BY
PHONE. TELEGRAPH AND SPECIAL
LETTER DELIVERY.
, * ARIZONA.
803 MILES. -PRESCOTT, MIDDLETOWN.
ARIZONA TO-DAY. $1 50 FEE.
6 slack coopers. Oc; 5 cabinet makers.
168 .woodsmen. FRESNO COUNTY.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
Teamsters, laborers, fare ?2 80, $75.
2 hydraulic miners. SE.. $3 day.
-TO FRESNO TO-DAY.
15 laborers, lumber company $40 to $55 fd.
Planerman. free fare, lumber co. $65 and fd.
2 waiters, camps, near city $25 found.
Cook, lunch counter, 10c fare $10 week. •
¦ Milker. Los Angeles district $35 found.
JANITORS. '
Janitor, large city building. $55.
Janitor, big side money made- and $35 mo.
Choreman. 3 cows, fare $1 $20 found
6 carpenters, finishing work,- near city. $3 50
day. / ¦>. ... . .
Second cook for mine north $40 found.
Varnish finisher, $1 75 to- $2 day.
Experienced club bell boy, country $30 fd.
WANTED— J. ROSS. MACHINIST.
¦2 «hlnglers. straight work. 70c M. ¦
2 crosscut sawyers. L. Co.. north, $40 fd.
GOVERNMENT JOB.
2 cement finishers. 8 hours, $4 50 a day.
Butcher, slaughterer. - south, fare paid $16
a week. .
if v "
BEAUTIFUL MENDOCINO.
16 laborers. FREE FARE. $35 to $80 found.
2 sheepherders. fare $1 50. $30 and found.
FRUIT PICKERS.
68 men or boys, fare $1, fee $1, $30 found.
MARYSVILLE. CHICO. PLACERVILLE.
ISO. carpenters' helpers laborers, teamsters,
drillers and other help; you go; $82 50 $75.
$07 50. .•>».?
2 experienced concrete men curbing $3 day.
. SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
20 laborers to pile lumber, $t>0.
-. RESERVOIR WORK.
90 teamsters and laborers,- fare $1 20 $60,
$67 50. - - - '
1 COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
i «5 coal miners. Oregon. $3 to $5 day.
VERY MURRAY & READY. ¦
IMPORTANT. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY
429 Bush st C42 Clay st
Ship Daily This Week for Nevada.
100 laborers. Reno, Nevada ,$2
100 laborers. Valmy. Nevada.... .$2
100 laborers; Fenelon. Nevada" $2
100 laborers Beowawe Nevada $2
Board $4 50 Week.
-Absolutely Free Fare Office Fee $1.
: . _ . ¦ t . _______ i . .
FOR MARIN COUNTY. CAL. I
Muckers, laborers, tunnelmen $2 25. $2 50 |
' - . : ' •- ' ?
Absolutely Free Fare for all* Above. .
¦FOR NEW COUNTRY ROAD WORK.
5 plow holders $1 50 day, and board
5 laborers $1 25 day and board
5 teamsters $1 50. $1 75 day and board
Tunnel foreman $4 day
Lumber pliers, north $2 50
Coal miners ....*. $2 5O
Hostler, private stables $35
Cook, country hotel, $45, $50; broiler, coun-
try hotel. $30; second cook, hotel, north,
$50: butcher and slaughterer, country. $35;
cook for an Institution, country, $40; third
cook. $30; pan- washer.. $30, same . hotel,
north, fares paid; bell boj. country club,
f.Ut ; kitchen hand, hotel, south, free fare,
$30.
C. R HANSEN & CO.'. Employment Agents.
429 Bush st ...........:. ....642 Clay st.
! TO RENT— Old established barber shop: fully
equipped: good location. 3510 25th st
TRY our men' 8 shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; root-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or — all'chrga. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.
WANTED — For U. . S. Marine Corps, eble-
bodied * unmarried men, between 21 and 35:
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea tm . men-of-
war In all parts of the world, pn land in our
'• island possessions, and at naval stations In I
I the United States. Apply at recruiting of- I
• flee, .40 Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal., and
401 K st. Sacramento. Cal. .
WANTED — A traveling man at •» once; per-
manent position; «alary-$20 per week; ex-
penses advanced: opportunity for advance-
i • ment; references and security required. Ad-
\ dresii box 271, Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced dry goods
delivery department man; one who has had
- San Francisco experience: wIlL pay $75 . to
right party; state age, experience and sal-
ary expected. Address box 4101. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed. Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, haa
added 100 new rooms to • the Denver House,
'.- 217 Third et.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks. re-
• quired; • special offer this month; catalogue
and full Information 1 mailed free. MOLBR
.SYSTEM COLLEGE. C35 Clay st
WANTED— A ryoung man aboUt 20 years of
age^ to drive laundry wagon; references re-
/' quired. ." Box 4077. Call.
YOUNG man; stock . clerk ' for manufacturlns
concern; state age. salary expected \ and ref-
... erences. Box 4079; Call. ' ¦. *; .. .
RANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14, . 26 Montgomery st, San Fran-
cisco. Construction Company.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
- years' practice; references from thousands of
' persons for whom I have secured pensions.
OPERATORS and ¦ pressers on . ladies' ¦ cloaks
and suits. P.M. DAVIDSON & CO.. 52 1st.
.WANTED Middle-aged ' man : experienced | In
-grocery business. 3023 Laguna st.,: lp. -m.
ERRAND boy well recommended. "ROGER-
SON'S, 533 Valencia st.
COAT ; basters wanted. . ?20 to $25 per . week ;
.:'.' steady. .work,,' 27 Geary st.
BUTCHER to I drive wagon and work In shop.
Box 4102. Call office. . ¦---;¦¦
COATMAKERS - for country. Apply RB1SS
' BROS & »CO... 24; Sutter at.
WANTED — One brassmolder;. 1 The" J. Roy-
lance Brass Works, 112 Main at. <'¦"'.-,
STEADY:German;-refs.::tend bar, make hlm-
*-.: self useful: wine house. -15 City. Hall square.
WANTED— Presser^ ory, pants. ,8 Grant ave:
A >¦ : NURSERYMAN and " jobbing gardener
wanted- 500 Haight st. :
TB'O-CHAIR barber shop ror sale: other busi-
.-, - ness: a ; bargain. ,. Box 1 4064, . Call orflce. ,
JJcDONALD & PERRY have a I large ; stock of
* new and second-hand shoes; cheap., 23_> Sdst
PENSION ' atty. "j E; A.*- Bullls, room 40, - Phelan
:. bldg. Past Com. Geo. H.~ Thomas Post.'G.A.R.
MAN I to"* do I Janitor work r for tuition ¦ in S F '
• School. 741A Howard st. --. ; '• '
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
., Australia. r HERMAN'S.-r 20; Steuart- sf -
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 TKM st. ' near Mar-
;" ket— 700 rooms; ¦' 35c : night; reading > rooms :
. t rt e 'bus : and baggage : to and ; from :ferry.-
ALL sizes men's shoes; ¦ slightly ; damaged. -half
, price.'. 563 '¦ Mission st. -bet 1st and . 2d sts. '
GET your 'shoes half : soled -while "waiting- 25c
.to SOc. ,063 Mission st, bet^lst and 2d 8ts. '.
HORSES AND WAOO5S.
larE-'-^f 11 - 2^ !£?
arSld of carsi all of these horses are per-
£5? B °ound ar8 Can be "£*to;«rt -table.
corner Francisco and Octavla acs.
A HANDSOME black horse. ¦^•««" '^
§£££; S. tbe i3£ w pi.£e "ETSS^
O'Farrell and Ellis. -
HARNESS and saddles the best for th« . money.
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the blgr store.
1145-1147 Mark2t^._Sjin_£rancjsco^___
FOR SALE—Cheap; two-seated Rockaway and
pony buckboard. Apply 4a Prosper st.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice: 5 good horses. 327
Sixth st. _
Al EXPRESS wagon.Ught camping wagon and
gocart for sale p h^ P i__53_M?sslon st.
Largest assortmt 2^ha"nd wagons. t>«ckVd. sur.
rey.ha— iess.work.drlvinghorges.loth- Valencia.
. , HOUSES TO LIST.
, A— PRINTED list of 'houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,1* Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage or
1 this department: It will save you time ana
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St.. on the square.
BOARDING-HOUSE of 23 rooms and baths,
close In. on Taylor st.; large beautiful
grounds and fine view; within 10 minutes .
walk of Kearny and Market sts. Apply to
MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montgomery st
VAN NESS ave., 2104, near Pacific ave.— Mcd-
ern house: 10 rooms; rent S70. -
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL.. 25 Poet st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURXISHED.
OAK. 419— Elegantly furnished house; 10 rooms
and 2 baths; large garden: grand view.
HOUSES WANTED— FURNISHED.
WANTED — To rent for the winter or longer.
a furnished house of from 6 to 8 rooms and
situated north ,of California and east of
Fillmore; must be in good condition; best of
care guaranteed and highest references fur-
nlshed. Box 3511. Call. ¦
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— Between Clayton and Carl and Stanyan
and Oak rts.. lady's gold openface chatelaine
. with pin attached; initials on case S. H.
. Suitable reward if returned to 237 Geary st.
LOST — Female setter; color, yellow and white;
name "Goldy"r has one sore eye; address on
collar. 2530 California st; liberal reward.
LOST— Lady's silver-handled umbrella at Cafe
Zinkand Friday .evening. Suitable -reward
given If returned to Occidental Hotel.
LOST— Lady's gold watch; monogram "C. M.
P." Liberal reward. Apply Superintendent's
orflce. HALE BROS.
LOST— Llewellyn setter dog. tag No. 4148. Re-
turn to 635 Central ave.; reward.
TEN dollars reward for the return of the oval
pin. J. F. MORONEY. 200 Davis st.
LOST— Black water spaniel bitch, short tail.
62A Sycamore ave. Reward, x ,
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter at., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
i '. '
TO LET.
loft. 39x60; rent $30; sulta-
bie ror manufacturing bus. 2140-2 Folsom st
v MILLIXERY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
{ fold, must vacate February 1. 1904; save
| money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
MISCELLAXEOL'S FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~~
Repair It with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pump?,
pulleys, shafting, etc. etc. bough*, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
EDISON & MELLUS star moving picture
films, same as new. less than one-half cost;
10C0 feet to select from. Novelty Theater,
Oakland. Cal.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origl-
r.al Misfit Clothing. Parlors, 238 Kearny. st..
near Bush ; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
I A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
! ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near
! Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, cells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
FOR sale — A bargain; 1 set Encyclopedia Brt-
tannica,- Edinburgh edition. 29 volumes, half
morocco binding. 615 Larkln st.
TRY our men's shoes, at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at '$2 50; we pay express
charges, n 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
3, C AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; all
i sizes, new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market.
BEST Burbank potatoes, $1 25 the sack, de-
livered; phone Grant 70; write, call; 115 Mkt.
FOR sale — Nice family cow, with first calf.
Apply 2322 Chestnut St., bet. 12-3 o'clock.
PORTABLE baker's oven for sale; also a
| large rug. 127 Arlington st.
TWO ladles' first-class tickets to Bowie. Ariz.,
via Los , Angeles ; cheap. 4C8 Eddy st.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG CO., 519 Market st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. . THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
1 bargains. Bullard A- Breck, 131 Post st. .
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE R1LEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
i MOVING picture film and song slides! 109
Montgomery at . . .
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
i All bargains ;camp stools an'd chairs -.hammocks.
metal beds.mattresses.J.F.Hotter."12 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt
' GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 40 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
-MISCELLAXEOrs WAXTS. ' ~
CALIFORNIA HOUSEWRECKING CO.
Pays higher .: prices . for buildings and, takes
less time to wreck and remove. Office. NW.
cor. Mission and 'Tenth; phone Mint 3011.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES^
1149 Market et. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
. theatrical goods. 154 9th st.; tel. Jessie 2851.
•A BIG price' paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 4&4.
i ~* — — — ¦— ~— — ~~~~— -— — — — — — — — — — — — i
MOXEY TO LOAX.
1 AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. *
C01-002-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
¦ Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates/ second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests,, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. .
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal: to salaried people on their note
without security or knowledge of employer;
lowest rates; beat terms; quickest service and
absolute 'privacy ; ; special -rates to municipal
e-nployes and teachers. The National Credit
¦ Co., r. 68-68 Donohoebld., 1170 Market st. -
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT; SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st, 2d and 3d mortgages. SAN
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE In
probate; send full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. ¦ Box 2498, Call office.
HIGHLY - respectable prfvate place to obtain
-liberal advances on- diamonds. • Jewelry, at'
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. Mb
Market st; tel. Main 1B44. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned ; to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, . without
security: easy payments; largest business In
_. 40 principal cities. Tolman. &53 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no rernov-
' al. no commission, no publicity ;$25 up; quick,
! private. . confidential. 2t> Montgomery, na. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103, Grant ave..
¦ . -. - LOANS FROM . »1 TO $10,000.
S. F., DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
fSMbiMMHaaMMi people on their note.
. THE TOUSLEY CO. ..... 143 Phelan bldg. .
ON furniture, piano; no removal. E. W. LICK.
-1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 70S Market
MONEY- loaned to salaried' employes.' G. .W.
MILLER. : room 74." fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal
V.;TREMAIN. room SI, 6 Eddy st'., floor 4.
CLAIRTOYAXT8— Continued.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant . and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third 6t.. next Examiner
bldg.; ehe reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and , portrays events to
occur In the future: If you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be tolfi how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 23c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mail. Tel. Black 45C3.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
SU^a Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c; gents SOc.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: si t-
tlngs dally. 448% Jeswle St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CAHPET BEATIXG AXD CLEAJf IXG.
AIR. compressed, dry, ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices" mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Ca» bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDJNG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ingTVorks. 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co. : Al work guar-
anteed. :'.c. -1843 15th st.; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 22S.
CALIFORNIA Carpet -beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 43.
TRY HOPKE BROS. : excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ; South 216.
. — ¦ I
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Misslon 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 12«.
CHIROPODISTS^ •
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE, B0 Geary— All
»llm»nts of the feet cured: corns.bunions.etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES. . j
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made: j
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION |
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel."55S0 |
»— — — — — —^ — — — — ».^— -» |
DEXTISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market et..
cor. Fourth, room 7, Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teetn without plates
cur specialty: cold crowns, $3 50 up; plates,
$4 60 up, extraction free; "office hours. 9
a. m. to 9 p. m.: Sunday. 9 to 2.
DR GRUSS, 504-6-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Baaford Obturi-
! der, the -only device ever Invented for grind-
! ing. drilling. and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office. •
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ax«
ccade; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. SOc: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c-
plates, $3: full set;aU work palnlees and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parloni. 235 Kearny. ccr. Bush-
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up: fillings 25c.
GOLD filling*. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain: opon Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hew1U.2Ol Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and. Millinery School
] — Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst &\knlfe plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYEIXG AXD CLEAXIXG. ~~~
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc.;; done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works 3915 Sacramento: phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. prea.
EpUCATIOXAL^
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian
Association conducts a night school for men,
an engineering school, an evening law school,
a working boys' night school and a day busi-
ness and academic school. Students have
gymnasium and other privileges.- Apply at
I Y. M C. A. building. Mason and Ellis sta.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. . English branches;
' day and night sessions; Illus. catalogue free.
AY RES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $00; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA BuBlnese College, 3C5 Larkln st.
; "A thorough school" ; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue. -
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable; .
' day & evenins sessions; write for catalogue.
VIOLIN and vicla instruction, including en-
semble; beginners received; best method;
terms moderate. Studio 305 Larkln. room 91.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity.24 Post
et.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING.— Civil; elec.. min., rnech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ;'est 1S64. Van
'" der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
et.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
SPANISH, Frtnch. etc. Prof. DeFilippe's Academy
of Languages.320Post;estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
GOLDEN Gate Com' I College. 530 Golden Gate
ave. ; full business course; day and evening.
j SCHOOL Op ILLUSTRATION.. Day and
; PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing.
et<*.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mlsulon.nr.fith
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post et.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
IF you want Japanese help, advertise In The
New World. Japanese dally paper, 353 Geary.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office^ — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1C8; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Senng's. 411^4 O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. (HO (Jay.
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED— -FEMALE.
WANTED — Position as governess by an edu-
cated, experienced and cultured young
woman. havin_- had normal training and
holding kindergarten diploma. Box 41CS. Call.
A RESPECTABLE woman; is a good cook and
laundress; will go across the bay in private
American family; likes children; references.
794 Folsom st. .
WOMAN. wishes a position as working house-
keeper or chambermaid; city preferred. 24
Minna st. w - *
COLORED gfc I as a good plain cook In a pri-
vate family or boarding-house; city only;
wages $30. Box 4113, Call office.
YOUNG American lady, refined, intelligent,
experienced, but not a trained nurse, will go
to Alaska or to sea as companion to lady or
gentleman; $30. Box 4382. Call office.
COMPETENT stenographer; any- line; operates
. Remington, Yost, Smith; wishes permanent
position; will substitute: salary. . $55 . per
month. Address box 4015. Call office.
LADY, of respectability and refinement wishes
a position as companion; no objection to
country ; or traveling. Box - 4081. . Call.
2 GIRLS wish, positions in a nice family. 1016
De Haro st. back of the City and County
Hospital.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker and tailoress wishes
few more families; references; $1 50 per
day. Address , Dressmaker,- 1626 Clay st ,;
AN experienced saleslady wishes position. Box
166S. Call office. «' . , , .¦'.-¦•-.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister «t.
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED— .MALE.
A SOBER, reliable man wants steady work of
any kind; can milk and care for. horses; no
garden work; city or country- Box 4110, Call.
CANDY saleslady with experience. Call to-day
from, 9 to 1, BLUM'S Confectionery, corner
Polk and Sutter sts.
GARDENER wants situation; good, florist and
pruner. landscape man. etc. - Gardener, box
JANITOR or • porter wants . situation; uaed to
all sort* > of tools, used to institutions. Jan-
itor, box 4111. Call. .
GOOD, strong, willing boy. 19,; desires a slt-
uation of any kind. Address box. 4105. Call.
HANDY kitchen man wants a situation. Box
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires position
wholesale preferred. ; Box 4109, Call.
ba*c raAyasco call.
BUSINESS OFFICE of" the San Francisco
Cal'., corner Market and Third streets ; open
ur.ill 12 o'clock every nisht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,^
-ccrr.er Clay; open until 6:30 t>. m.
30O Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C?» McAllister etreet; open until »:S0 p. m.
C15 Larkln etreet; open until 9:30 p. m. „
1941 MUnlon etreet; open until 10 p. m-
•;2tl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
:CG Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
•r»6 V»!en«a etreet; open until 9 p. m.
•"crtiie&st corner Church and Duncan streets;
n until 9 s. tn.
v'erthweet corner cf Twenty-second and
¦tucky streets; cpea until 9 p. m. . ,.
J' 0 FH'moie street: open until 9 p. m.
CHl'RCH SEnVlCF.S. _J
1I1ST United Preshyterian Church, corner
Ooiden Gate ave. and Polk et.— Preaching
to-morrow, Sabbath, at 11 a. m * nd n < 1 \°?
:> m. by the pastor. H. H. Bell. D.D.;
niorning them«. "A Blc*sed Promise"; ev«n-
ing th«w. "rne Dignity and Problems of
Labor," second In series to ••Working Peo-
jile " fcabb_.th-6chool, 9:45 a. m.; C. E. so-
¦ ictlf*, 5:3I> and «:3U p. m. Strangers cor- ,
dially Invited to all services. Pews free.
Courteous ueher*. Come and bring your
frien<*-g. _^_^_^^___^_^^—
MEETIXG XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K.
T.— Special assembly THIS AFTER- l^T
NOON a.t 2:30 and THIS EVENING CJ
at 7:30. Order of Temple and Malta, yj
All fraters courteously Invited.
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. I. F. and A. S^
M-. will niKt THIS (SATURDAY) VV
AFTERNOON. October lf>, at 2 /V\
o'clock. Second degree. By order of
the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter. No. 5. R. A. «
M. will meet THIS (SATURDAY) VVf
EVENING. October 10. at 7 :30 />r\
o'clock. P. M. and M. E. M. de-
grees. By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. m
M— Special meeting THIS (SATUR-^y<
DAY) EVENING at 7:S0 o'clock. Sec- /^\
ond degree. Fcllowcraft Masons cor-
dially invited. By order cf the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. O £«3K'_ V
•2 1 O O. F. — Regular m»c:?lng .s?__"SK_£_'%_
THIS « SATURDAY) EVENING. 5 3gsB3l§
Third degree. "^few^
T\'M. B. CURTIS. D. M.
S OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 179. I. w-v^rjti* i
• •. O. F. — Member! are requested ~~-' t &^[P\S'--
to sttrr.d the fur-ral of our iate^^Agr^i i
brother. C. J. KAIGH1N. at his ¦^»»ri#» i
rtsidence. 15S8 Fell st., on SUNDAY. October
11. at 2:30 o'clock.
I. M. KALLOCH. Acting N. G.
MORSE Lodre No. 2.-.7. I. O. O. F. S *__OW^,
« Tlicerf iir.1 members are nrti-^^j^.^jSt*^'-
n«Ki to assemble at ih* hail 'in -i-V-.'<S%(?*>
SUNDAY. October 11. at 1:30
n. m. to attend the funeral of our deceased
. brother. THOMAS W. FISHER. All mem-
Ix-rs are requested to be present.
W. H. FELDCAMP, N. G.
C BRIND. Recording Secretary.
THE California Debris Commlss'.on. having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
I>rocess from George Wiest in Magnolia mine,
near Georgetown. El Dorado County. Cat.,
draining Into Otter Creek, -which reaches
Middle Fork of American River, and from J. i
J. Hoffmann and T. M. Browne, in William
Housh & Co,'s mine near Forett Hill. Piac*?r
County, Cal.. draining into Volcano Canyon
Creek, which reaches Middle Fork of Ameri-
can River, gives notice that meeting will be
held at room •*>. Flood building, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. Oct. 19. 1903. at 1:30 p. ni.
6Tr>CKHOLDERS' MEETING— Notice is here-
hy given that the annual meeting of the
ttockholders of The Bank of California will
b* held at the banking house in this city on
TUESDAY. October 13. 1903. at 11 o'clock
a. rn. By ord^r of the board of directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. S?cretary.
AGENTS WAXTED.
WANTED — A tteady man to travel and col-
if-et: wUary $20 per week; expenses advanced;
•Tiiall cafh security and references required, j
box 271. 8-arranvnto. Cal.
ATTOR5EVS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE I^REe! ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE.
Attorney and Counselor at Law,
Open Evenings 7 to 9. Phone Jessie 4711.
Offices on First Floor — Rooms 1, 2. 3, 4 and 5.
Ii22 Market St.. Between Mason and Taylor.
Almost Opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rni. 85. 916 Market; tel. Red 618; bad ten-
ants ejected speedily and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments; corporations
crganired: civil and criminal practice.
OBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid-,
rcom 611: all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
DVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori- I
ous case*, divorces, probate and all other law
cetes; no fees in advance; open every even-
ing. 3. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 3L
A. M. EWING — Attorney-at-law. Room 612,
Parrctt bldg.
U. H. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
V*t et.: consultation free; no fees tn advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11.
Cjwnie bldg.. 503 California St.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
IfW business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
Iil+ORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; open even-
'rk«- 927 Market st.. room 301.
BUILDINGS TO LET.
BRICK building in wholesale district. 19.000 !
square feet floor space, to lease for long term; j
additirnal ftory if desired; will put In order
to suit tenant. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411
Mnmronaery «t.
nLSIXESS CHAJVCES.
IF you desire to sell or exchange business, real
estate or mines, no matter where located, or
tlerire to Invert money, try INTERNATION-
AL BROKERAGE ASS'N INC.. 330 Pine
*t.. S. F.. Cal. ..
,TOR SALr; — Second-hand store; cheap rent;
living rooms; a bargain; large stock. Call
V^M Harrison st.
FOR SALE — Saloon; wholesale district; owner
leaving city. 1C0 Clay nt.
MORNING pap«*r route for Kale: leading paper.
Apply bcx S."S5. Call office. Oakland.
A RESTAURANT for sale. 1M First tt. jT
COLE.
IXtDGIXG-HOt'SES F " OR SA LE.
t» ROOMS; house for men; rent $140... $4000
.'.$ racmt; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
- "4 roomfc; corner; part cash; bal. easy. S50
ll rooms; good Income; rent $20.... 350
" Zl rooms; water front: rent $40; lease.. C50
;_© rooms; good tease: low rent...' 6500
l.~ rme.; apartments; Western Add. ;rect 250
Money loar.ed at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouK<»s. flats, 5 to 100 room*.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
SPiniTLALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for elate-
writing and clairvoyance ; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy St.. nr. Octavla; phone Scott 887.
ElAVAHD EARLE, 1052 Ellis readings dally,
9:30 to 4; seanceg Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MV Regular $3 Readings This Week For
*1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
professor Paul destine -:-
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever In San ' Francisco.
I do hereby solemny agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fail to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for-
1 promise to tell you whether husband wife
or sweetheart is true or false; I tel'l you
whom and when you will marry; In fact, I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character bo that you will reach the
highest possible development In mental vigor
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth: so you will live l^.ppy and contented
the r«*t of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to H
P. tn. ; Eundays. 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell st., 326.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
tt. *x>r. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
r.:. to 6 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person r 3 questions answered $1-
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce
I 'Wells- Fargo money order or registered letter.
.— MIIE. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond -lght: tells the past, present and future;
ladies, 60c; gents, $1 ;. by . cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant Bitting; $1 SO. 120 Turk it,
RS. A. H. Kronenberg. pairnlsU clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when otners fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin.' near Grove.
MISS WARD, great card reader; ' ladle* 25c;
others fail; call on this celebrated medium;
ratisfactlon or no pay. 413 Mason s<l.:no sign.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
h&s second sight; a wonderful 'prophetess;
names: L. 50c; G. II. 714 Franklin.nr.G.G.av.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, . business . advice;
tunec clrenf S5c up. 5 4th st, near Market.
i EMPLOYMENT WASTEp—MALE.
A FIRST-CLASS up-to-date landscape -'gard-
ener wants position as head gardener in pri-
vate vlace or park; renovating and laying
out a Specialty; best ref s. Box 4104. Call.
ELDERLY man wants place private; family;
useful in general; handy with tools and about
horses and garden: wages no object; good
references. Box 837. Call office. Oakland.
$00 PAIu to any one who can procure a posi-
tion worth $75 or $100 per month . for an
honest. sober and ! intelligent man, j who
speaks and writes English, French and Ger-
man fluently, and has the best of reference*.
Box 4049. Call office^ ¦ ., " : ¦
YOUNG man with several years' experience
as salesman and collector, desires" position
•with-cood furniture house; references. ¦ W.
SANFORD. 317 Leavenworth st. : - s .
YOUNG man fwith good business education
,and experience desires position as bookkeeper
at once; good references. W. SANFORD,
317 Leavenworth st. - ¦ , •
WANTED — Position as stationary- engineer,
quartz mill man or tool sharpener.- Address
J. L. WETMORE. Brunswick Hotel. Oak-
land. . . : - - . -, -. . .'
A FIRST-CLASS ¦ coachman wishes position
with city private family; a careful -driver;
strictly sober and obliging; good references.
Box 404S. Call. •'.-'•
YOUNG man, 17 years of age, wishes a posi-
tion In the grocery business: -4- months' ex-
• pcrlence; references. Box 4075, Call.
ASSAYER wants position at mines or works;
understands cyanide process; experienced;
Al rt-rcrenceg. Address Box 4074. Call.
BY a young man as carpenter's helper; can
do most any kind of carpentering. - Address
box 1218, Call office. .
TWO young men wlFh to go East with stock.'
Address F. F. & L. W., 311H Jessie st. •;
YOUNG man (German) desires position In pri-
vate house or hotel. Address box 4115. Call.
BARTENDER wants position; best of refer-
ences. Box 4047. Call.
JAPANESE wants situation in country; un-
derstands milking cows, driving horses.
farming, gardening, etc. - S. KATOH, 20
Lewis place, San Francisco.
TOUNG Chinese wants position as lir»t cook;
private family or boarding-houee. ON WEH
• ON, 909 Clay st. -
JAPANESE: good elevator boy, who has had
many years' experience, wants position. F.
G.. 612 Turk st. i
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ -
J FIXAXCIAL.
4 PER CENT to 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks,
Selected for conservative Investors.
Write for information • to - ,
HEAZELTON & CO.,
Stock and Bond Brokers.
Hay ward Building.
San Francisco, Cal.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flata to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
ft., on the square.
GREEN, between Laguna and Buchanan — 3
new flats. 7 rooms and bath and finished at- .
tic; marine view. .. . ¦
?3R — ELEGANT corner flat 7 rooms. 652
Church st.. near Eighteenth. :
SUNNY bay-window flat, four rooms. 28 Weet
Mission St.. near Twelfth. -
nnxmiRE fob sale.
FURNITURE 5-room/ house for sale; cheap
rent; large yard. Box 3512, Call. '_
FURNITURE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buy?, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
nlture. flats, etc. 1105 Mission: tel. Mint 2481.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. ,L. H.
BURP, wuctloneer.1818 Mkt-Uel.Howard 27fiB.'
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
WANTED— Cook. $30 small DoaTdin^housT;
3 cooks. $30. $35; cook, Menlo Park $30;
parlor maid, $30; 5 second girls, $20 ,$25;
man and wife.' ranch. $40; man and' wife,
private place, housework; coachman, : city,
$t'.0; waitress, hospital, *$20; cleaning
woman, -sanitarium. $25: housework,' San
Jose. $30; Jamestown, $25; housekeeper :;
men. $25; nurse. 3 gr6wn children, $25; one
child. $20; 30 housegirls at $20 $25 $30
Apply to J. F; CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutler!
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressing,
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per. week up; leading school In
West.. 233 Geary at., room 13.
'A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdressing
-trade; manicuring, massage, etc.. 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. (Jones, room 94; positions secured
.at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
A— Girls to learn millinery, now for fall season'
I both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A GOOD vest operator wanted; only those who
are first-class ¦ need apply; a steady position
is guaranteed, • with union hours -and -union
wages. Apply R. THOMAS, foreman vest
department, S. N. WOOD & CO.'S factory,
*.'7 Geary st.
WANTED — Good pants ,- finishers. Apply at
once to - S. N. .WOOD & CO.; 27 '• Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced : . hands to '¦¦. crochet I um-
;-* brella capes;- steady work, y Call 1318 Flll-
. : more st."
WANTED^ — Experienced alteration hands, ¦ ahio
apprentices, at LIVINGSTON BROS.'. 123-9
' Post st. • . . -.'."¦•..¦ "¦ .-¦-,. -
WANTED — " Young girl to'*' assist". In : house-
work; small. flat. 639 Devisadero ¦ st. "Apply
between !• and 11.
GOOD sewers "¦ on I cloaks and I euits ; also skirt
operators ; " good' wages : and : steady; positions.
Ratner Cloak Co., 144- Union Square ave. -A
GIRLS with some experience ' to ¦ label bottles.
Apply;- 116 'Front- st. '.-;: •' -" v
GERMAN girl for general . housework. : Call
; 7fcO ; Haight. Bt.,', near ; Scott, a bet.".* 9-12 a. ¦ m.f
-WANTED— First-class ironers. '- The - French
; Laundry Co.. , 3372 Mission st. ,, . >
CIGARETTE makers wanted: steady work and
good -wrffees./ The- JOHN -^BOLLM AN CO..
;. corner -Front, and. Pa clflc'sts. *. . ,-¦ ¦¦¦- ; • ..-.
GIRLS for. gluing, machines and table work.
. WEMPE BROS.. 127 Mission at. -...- I
The _rirl Is as dainty and as trim as car^be, |f
So the chap with her thinks, as one plainly can see. - - ¦
There's a question he'd ask could^he.muster^fep heart-
He' d be pleased. if ehe would of his life be a part.
Now if you should need'work and you don't like to ask
At the store or the shop— a most unwelcome task—
You Bhouldwrite a Want Ad and put it in The Call.
And you'll get a pood place with no trouble at. all.ilt\costsi JlO^a:: week* to^feed^a'j horse in
Pretoria. 1 -There* Is : plenty? bf, ''fertile land
In Uhe 'country t \but" very little -water. '. 5":
REDDING. Oct. • 9.— J.H. Harris, the en
gineer of a briquette machine at the Keswick
smelter, lost all the toes of his . left foot to
day by one of the discs of the machine tjillog
"on V. them."- The i toes were cut oft as though
severed by a knife. Harris is - unfortunate.
About' a . year ago ; he lost , every "finger j en hU
right hand as the, result of an accident r«Mlt
lag from a similar causes . .
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. A, Schilling (owner) '.with Robert Trost
(contractor),; r— 1 - architect— All ,work except
gas > fixtures, * mantels : and shades ; for a two
storyi and : basement frame '. building on lot on
S. line of. Eighteenth street. 633 W of Douglass
W . 25 by 8 121;> portion of 1 lot 2. block 2. San
Miguel Rancho:; $5450.- >,-. <. --'•*#¦
, Charles "A.» Carlson and M. '. A. I Karlson (own
[ ers) < with John * Wfren (contractor). ' — ¦ — archi
tect—All .work : Wr a one-story ' frame . building
on lot f on ) 8 line- of Fulton street. • 137:6 . W of
Devisadero, W. 50 by 100; $3500. '/
" John J. Stevenson " (owner) ; with- Chesney , ft
Durrlford \ (contractors), architect T. ¦ Patterson
Ross — ExcaTation, concrete, brick work; - mar
ble steps, carpenter work, etc.", for two three
etory and basement frame buildings <six Oats)
on lot on S line of Post street, 137:6 E of Web
ster. E 55 by S 137 :«: $17,375. ?*mfmn8M
. Same owner with Scbanx & Grundy (contrac
tors)." architect ume — Sewering, plumbing and
gas fitting for same on samcf $2i.-f«».
Same owner with George J. Smith & Soni
(contractors)," architect' same-^-Paintlng. tinting
and lincrusta for same on same; *U5o.
¦Clothing of all descriptions , i3 solicited,
including .suits, dresses, shirt waists,
underclothing^ hats, bonnets, caps, shoes,
hose. : neckties, ribbons, • belts, gloves,
children's clothing of all kinds," furniture,
carpets,- rugs,' curtains, ornaments, dishes
and toys, in fact, anything the possessors
do" not-;. want. : The, " contributions/, can 1 be'
made up into bundles ' and these " will be
sent ' for by the board 'of managers.
• :Thev. board bf , managers consists ot
: Mrs. ; Jacob Bertz/, Mrs. "VVilliam Thomas,
Mrs. rw. S." Leake,, Mrs. Frank Vincent
"Wright,; Mrs. S. B. : McLenegan, Mrs. Guy
E.; Manning; ; Mrs. : James j Lewis j Gould,
Mrs. O. B. Burns, Mrs. : Albert Dernham!
Mrs.; Jamea.: Elder, Mrs./, "William* I;.
Gerstle,* Mrs. William Hollis, Mrs. .William
E. Jackson,V Mrs. Herbert *E. Law," Mrs.
A'.; H." Martin," M/s.' Homer, Osborne,' Miss
Maude O'Connor,* Mrs. Edgar, F.' Preston,
Miss Pollock, 'Mrs;* Ge6rge B.
Sperry,^ Mrs: ;J. J. - Spieker, Mrs. J. J.
Theobald, ; Mrs;- R. J. Taussig. ' -
A "Rummase Fair" for the benefit of
the -San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children will be held at the Institution
commencing October 31. It Is desired that
those, having: the welfare of the institution
at heart contribute whatever they can In
the way of clothing for the sale. .
Board of Managers Solicits, Aid for
San Francisco Nursery, for. Home
less Children.
CONTRIBUTIONS ASKED
, 'FOB A "BUMMAGE FAIB"
i waVa I eood;Giuseppe.-\ ! ';: i I:--;i*! jl ;
•%.The;blsT, , audience ; was :tremendously_ en
thusiastic and 5 thej floral; off eringrs numer
ous."-. "'. ;" v -;-y : *' " ¦' * -. " '.--"¦..";." .
,% Charles Kenyori ; was an ,, excellent Na
poleon :Bdnapartei'-;_andt the character _: of
The '. ! IJieutenan^ ; ; gave J Lawler V a' : , chance
to .show, . his* versatility. Edwin ', Wynne
sional Matinee at Fischer's and
Big Hits Are Scored. '; ;
The third of "the series of professional
matinees ' by • the" t students of the'Paul
Gerson $ School { of | Acting was - given at
Fischer's 'Theater; yesterday^ afternoon.
Bt>th' plays" and players gave great satis
faction. Some of .the : performers { showed
unusual 7 ability, i chief among rthat. num
ber belr.gRuth Allen Temple/ a native of
this city. . She is tall » and handsome | and
possesses a charming personality. ¦¦***. [•" .
She made'a«flne Petruchio. ; and Invested
the character i with "great vim and dash."
A - brilliant 7 future '; undoubtedly awaits
her on-thelstaere. » Miss iBagland "was ,a
stunning, Katherinc* . both in makeup j and
action: .'¦. -
Robert ; L'awler as Grlngoise , in the play
of ,that : name scored a' great: success. He
played' the difficult role; capitally, and ,the
Alcazar -Theater > is V- fortunate , in ; having
secured : hiis services for its new company."
Victor: Ferran -as ' Louis 5 XI, > Edwin Car
mel as Simon,"; E.jW.'Hlllrhan" as; Oliver,
Miss .Gertrude I Donovan ;asj Jeanette( and
Miss ' Bella 1 ; Mills^ as ' Nicole : filled out" the
balance^of Jthe . cast most . acceptably. > -¦ ':•;.
• *¦ In ;" the '¦ final V plece.t J 'The Man v of 'Des
tiny,'-- laurels Lwere , about "evenly.: divided. 1
Miss Katherlne ; Emmet, who] is a '¦¦ beauti
ful - woman? enacted i the ; role "of IThe ¦ Lady,
in ;aVmbst j captivating! manner. '\ She ¦ has
a '¦ sweet;* melodious ivoice . and j she ' knows
howto acC- .;;¦¦'','.:;. /. -'..-.: ¦'.-"> .'% : ¦-" "
PXJPILS OF: PAUIi GECRSON"
GIVE FINE PEBFOBMANCE
Unusual« Ability Shown at Profes-
California Jockey Club ... ..... 105 00
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Insurance &- Trust.. 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland. ... 60 00 ......
Chutes Company ....' 8 25 v -..'... :
Cypress Lawn ............'.. ..... 750
Fisher's Theater 2 23 t 2 76
Gas Consumers* Assn ....... ...... 22 60 ¦
Honolulu Sugrar *....:......... ' , IS 00
, Northern California Power..., » 00," 9 60
North Shore Railroad ....... 0 00 13 00 .
Orpheum Company . . . . r, . . ; . 15 25 . , J
Pacific States ,Tel& Tel.... ..... 175 00
Parafflne Paint i . 83 00 .....'
San Francisco Dry Dock ...;' 47 00 .;...•
Sanitary Reduction Works. . ' 2 25 * ...
Sausallto Land & Ferry . 16 00
Sperry Flour Co ............. 27 50 80 00
Standard Electric ....;. .....' »18 00 -
Tesla Coal Co ...... 30 00
Truckee Electric ' .......:... 13 25 .....
Union Sugar ............... 22 60" .....
United Gas & Etectric ...... 34 60 .....
' SALES.
Morning- Session.
Board — , • .- ..s
100 Home Oil 87%
200 Home Oil, s 60 :.... . 87'A
200 Home Oil .......................; 90
100 Home Oil, a 60 . ........... ;....."; 90' ;
100 Horne Oil • ¦' 92H
100 Home Oil. s 60, ¦ 92U
400 Home Oil . . . . '. ......' 95 ,
lOO Home Oil, s 30 - 05 /
300 Home Oil, s-60 95
800 Home Oil «...'. 9744
200 Home Oil, b 30 ..... ..... "97 it
100 Home Oil 1 00
. 100 Home; Oil. b 30 ......:.... r. 1 00
100-Home Oil, b 30 1 05
100 Home Oil, b,00 1 05
650 Monarch Oil, ...;.... 60
1000 Oil City Petroleum 29 '
1WX) Superior. Oil .....;... 06
.600 Sovereign! Oil ...... ~ 40
50 Twenty-Eight Oil 4 25'
60 Twenty-Eight. Oil .'...'. 440
100 Twenty-Eight Oil 4 50 •
Street — _ .
100 Home Oil. b 60 85
. Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Home OH,' a 90 95*
100 Home Oil .......................... 971;
100 Home' Oil, s 30. ...;..:. 97S
300 Home Oil ........;:.,•«;.¦.........' 1 no
200 Home Oil, b 30 ..... >.;'. 1 00 -
- 2O Home Oil ¦ ;~. ...... 7. '...";; 1 05
J00 Monte Cristo ."...' .....,- 75
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE..
.Following 'were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday: j
- Morning > Session.
100 Caledonia ...."; 98/ 100 Overman .... 25
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta ........I -04 100 Mexican.. L 05
200 Belcher :.:..' 17 500 Occidental .' -24
100 Con Cal & V.I 30 100. Sierra Nev. .; '56
600 Exchequer . : . • 13 '200 Utah ..... " 20
60 Gould & I Cur. 21 ' " '
;;.; PACIFIC STOCK; EXCHANOB. '
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
¦ ' Morning Session.'
200 Belcher ....*:; v 18 100 Ophir ...... .1 R5
200 Con Cal &-V.1 35 500 Savage ...... 27
: 600 Con ImperiaL.; OS 300 Yel Jacket.... 1 46
200 Gould & Cur: ' 23 ..
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher ..... 17 200 Savage- ...,.: 28
100 Con C'& V.I 32>- 200 Sierra Nev. .. 54 i
200 Gould?& Cur.- 23 600 Silver Hill ... 60 '•
100 Mexican V.'.l 07' 200 Union Con...' 6T i
500 Ophir :...... 1 55 800 Union Con.".;\,'66
. TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the: gales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
;¦,-""¦ Morning I Session. _vV- 5 A
6000 Espe'ranza; ::.* 02 300 Pine Grove'../ 53
¦ 600 Mont ".Ton . ."; 0 96 ' 400 Ton - Belmont 1 ' 20
1 200 Pine Grove. ;. I. 81 '600 Ton N Star.. -'34
700'Pine Grove:.. 82 » ..fh -, : • .
', ¦">- . Afternoon Session. "/ . .
*100 MacNamara .18 (300 Pine Grove ..83
'BOO M<yit Ton /.'. _'• 9SJ .
CLiOSING QUOTATIONS.
- FRIDAY, Oct. 9. 4 p. m. V
Bid. Ask. '- , BldlAsk"
Alpha'. .... ... 06 ; - 07 Julia .... /. . . . 06 - 07
Alta ...'....:.- 03 <& Justice: .;.... 08 10
Andes ..;..;;. 19 20 Kentuck ,r... 01 - 02
Belcher \..... 17 18 Keye«: Grae.. < 94
Beat & Belch. 1 60 1 70 Mexican ¦..:.. 105 1 10
Bullion ......; 09 - 10 Occidental ' . . : . 23 • *>5
Caledonia '..".. 83- 94 Ophir f.. .. ...l CO 1 60
¦ Challenge Con'l 30 . -' 32 Overman .... - 22 24
Choltar -.'....:; 23 24 Potosl ..:..;. jv. - 24
Confidence ; .* .". ; ; 74 . SO Savag% ; . . ; . . . 25 " • 27
Con'.Cal & V.1.30 1 35 Scorpion ..:;. 02 * 03
iConilmpcrlai:/ 02- 03 Seg Belcher. :• 07 'OS
C0nNiY.'.:..'ci6 -IS Sierra ; Nev. ;.-..-; 54 r 55 j
Crown Point: . 20 . 21 Silver. Hill;..; 68 CO
Eureka- Con.. ,40 60 St. J Louis -.;.. "11 ',",'
.Exchequer ..-.¦,. 13.. ! 14 Syndicate ;;.-. ''04 ' 06
; Gould & Cur. 22 ¦ 23 Union - Con .'. . 7. 66 67
•Hale .&' Nor .v; 55 v 100 UUh «:.. ;.. .j- 20"J' 21
Lady "Wash..';, 03 .'04 Yellow-Jack.. 45 46
; N TONOPAH 7 MINES. :. ' V
. ,¦• ; :Bid.Ask.j: '<. ' BidiAsk.
Coleban. ...r. — : - 101 Rescue '.*....-: -08 ¦¦ * 10
Esperanza"... ¦ 01 02|T;B«lmont.*.l'17^i 120
Hannapah ?:. — * . 14.JV3n A Cal. ."; .- ¦ — '--.-* 22
Lucky, Tom.:. —:¦ 10 Ton;: M. .v: .'. . "'—7 '00
MacNamara '. ,15 -^— Ton-N : Star. u ." . 33 "'35
'Mlzpah.. ...t . •' — Vm'82 Ton Midway:; — j'45
cMont Ton....; ','86- i»0 Ton'&S'L:.vC— - 40
.... — ¦ 20 United Ton..V* 10 15
Tine Grove..".* ; 83 .Si - . . : j
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
BERLIN. Oct; 3.— The trial: at Beirut
of Andreas Dippold, a tutor, who tied
Heins" Koch, 14-year-old son of Director
Koch of the Deutsche Bank, to a bed and
whipped him to death, ended to-day. Dip
pold was sentenced' to eight years' im
prisonment.
Dippold Sentenced to Prison.
OAKLAND, Oct. 9.— Mrs. Florence E.
Dimmick, the widow of the late "Edwin
F. Dimmick, who' went insane 'ift the
Berkeley hills and died, was granted let
ters of administration on . his estate to
day. The property is worth $600.
Mrs. Dimmick Given Letters.
Eminent Unitarian'^ Plans Are Un
settled Beyond a Contemplated"
* Lecture Tour. .
Oakland Office Sair Francisco 1 Call,'
1118 Broadway, Oct,9. -
The Rev. Benjamin Fay v: Mills will
preach his farewell sermon 8unday mom-
Ing at the First Unitarian Church, j whose"
pulpit he has filled for four years. . At
S o'clock Sunday afternoon' the ; con
ttregatlon will meet at. Wendte Hall to
bid good-by to the departing clergyman;
Mr.' Mills will depart immediately after
the j reception for Southern California,"
where he will jdellver a series of- nine
addresses, beginning at San Diego < next
Tuesday evening. The retiring minister,
since his resignation , from the pulpit, in
this city was made public, has received
Invitations from^ Chicago, Boston and
Brooklyn, N. Y., to take the leadership
of large religious affairs in each of those
cities. He is still undecided concerning
his permanent location.
During Mr. Mills' absence in Southern
California, Mrs. Mills will visit with rela
tives in San Jose. She has accepted an
invitation to occupy the Unitarian Church
pulpit in that city during her 'stay.
MILLS WILL DELIVER ; ; ; •
HIS FAREWELL ADDRESS
THE SAN FB A^CJSCb <OALL, SATURDAY OCTOBER 10. 1903.
13
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATE/VVENT
- OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
of, the
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. SCOTLAND, on the 3Ut
day of December. A. D. VJV2, and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. . $427,854 07
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 977,223 DO
Cash In Company's Office 3.3t>:> at
Cash In Banks 102.589 53
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 10.337 49
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion • lffJ.579 74
Bills receivable, not Matured. . -
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 343 08
Due from other Companle» for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 6.1C8 00
Total Assets $1,695,411 27
LIABILITIES. "~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid " $37,372 3?
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 59,879 53
Losses resisted, including expenses. 7,600 53
Gross premium* on Fire Riska run-
ning one year or less, $753,166 59;
' reinsurance 50 per cent 376,533 29
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $S27.-
467 OS; reinsurance pro rata... , 446.077 82
All other liabilities 70,514 93
Total Liabilities $398.029 01
INCOME. " '
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums % $1,041,162 13
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 44,073 61
Received for Rents .". 16.974 2tt
Received for profits on realization
of Investments 3.396 37
Total Income $1,105,611 37
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount oaid for Fire Losses
(including $158,551 19. losses of
previous years) $596,609 44
Paid or allowed for Commission or .
Brokerage 239.144 27
Paid for Salaries, ¦ Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 82.063 57
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes ¦ 25,613 93
All other payments and expendi-
ture* ., • 64,443 39
Total Expenditures $1.007,SSl S3
: 1^ > "; Firel
Losses incurred daring the year. . $541.178 01
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $131.8C3,35S $1.43S,3SS 33
Net amount of Risks!
expired during the
year 146,130.727 1. 663. 194 39
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902. . 154.153,921 1.5S0.633 67
CHA8. H. POST. V. S. Manager.
N. A. McNEIL. Asst. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23th
day of January. 1903. H, E. FRANCK,
. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST^DEPARTMENT.
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager,
6E0. W. BROOKS, Assistant Manager,
323 CALTFOBNIA STREET,
SAN FKANCISCO.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.,
Pacific Coast Directors
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
"—OF THE
CONDITION AND APFAXRS
OF THE— £.'i
MANCHESTER
ASSURANCE COMPANY*
OF MANCHESTER. ENGLAND, ON THB
81st day of December, A. D. 1903. and
for the year ending on that day. as mads to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. ,
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. . $1,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonda owned by Company. 1.328,660 00
Cash In Company's Office........ 2,1» 3*
Cash in Banks 213,834 52
Interest due and accrued an all
Stocks and Loans 8.324 17
Premiums in du« Course of Col-
lection • 273,839 03
Bills receivable. • not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marina Risks. 138 40
Total Asseta ...$1.839.534 43
LIABILITIES. ., '
Losses adjusted and unpaid 134,234 19
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 52,123 79
Losses resisted, including expenses. 37,343 33
Orosa premiums on Fire Risks rua-
¦ nrnsr one year or le«s. $1,090.-
• 871 83; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 545,433 03
Grow premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine more than one year, $9CS.-
287 24- reinsurance pro rata... (100,863 05
All other liabilities 77.133 19
Total Liabilities .$1.247.162 49
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums ...: $1.3K),1U 83
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 43,453 IS
Total Income .$1.412.603 Ot%
1 EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
<lncludlnj 1173.022 81. losses, of
previous years) $804,391 37
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 273,670 81
Paid for < Salaries, Fees and other
charge* for officers, clerks, etc 112.337 73
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes •••• •......' 42.473 74
All other payments and expendl- a
tures ., — ••» 103,389 45
Total Exp«ndltares ...jl.34l.2S3 3O
~ Ftr».
Losses Incurred during; the year. ..$741.331 10
Bisks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year , $153,983,237 $2,009,044 30
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ....... •• 174,801,443 2.003.79138
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902. • 176,979.024 2.059.159 09
OEO.8A. TOUNO.' U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn " to before 'me. thi«
29th day of January. 1003.
. EDWIN F. CORET. .
Commissioner for California in New York.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager,
GEO. W. BROOKS, Assistant Manager.
323 ; tfAUFOSNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
BALROUR, GUTHRIE & CO.,
'•Pacific .Coast Directors.
KOOMS FOR HOrSEKEEPIJfG^
ANTLERS, 415 Turk st."^-Strictly modern, 4-3
< room apartments; fur. or. unfur. for hskpg.
BARTLETT, 41— Four nlrely furnished rooms
for housekeeping; bath, phone, piano; adults.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping room*;. also
single. . .• . . ,
GEAItY, 1223 — Housokeping suite 3 rooms; prl-
VRt* bath; also :j-roomed cottage; hkpg. ; gas.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; ?ai range*; Juet newly fur-
•ai«hej. 1B30 Polk «t. . . '
TAYLOH, 911 — 3 isunny roomi>. . furnished, gas
• range. |1«; unfurnished, f 15; slnsle, $0 60.
MISSION. 1221, near Eighth— Nicely furnished,
i eunny. connecting frcnt rooms; no children.
X OAK, 11T— Nicely furnished suites; xas rflnpe,
hct bath, laundry; T2 28 a weeic up; adults.
SEVENTH. 191— Housekeeping rooms; nice
j liay-wlndow rooms. ' /
STATE, 13&—Z rooms, kitchen, bath; llKlit,
sunr.y, unfurnished; phone. 3417 Church st.
1 THE GlllespJe. 119 Ninth at.— Nicely furnished
, roomi. fl 50 to >3 per. week; phone; quiet.
J TWENTY-THIRD. .1726. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
i CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlee. 2200 Flllmore.
1 A BRANCH office Tor Call advertisements anfl
subscriptions has be«u established *t 1006
Valencia st.
! nOOaiS TO LET-— Furn. and Uatnrn.
' A— BRUNSWICK House. US Sixth— Rooms
25c to (1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
! ALTON. 204 McAllister st.— Large sunny cor-
ner hay- window rooms fronting City HaJl;
good for two; also other rooms; gaa; phone.
: AT "The Almonte." 872 Market st. <or No. I
; Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c, 60c. $1. $1 W) night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house op«n all night.
! BURNETtThW Market (old No. 13W)— Fur-
- r.iahed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
' CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis. ' cor. Maaon— Elegantly
; furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
' GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night: $1 to $3 v.e«-k; reading-room.
i HOWARD. 7»ilU— Nicely furnished bay win-
dow suite; man and wife cr two gentlemen.
j LAG I 'N A and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
| ny single room.
MISSION. 1314. near Eleventh — Large, sunny
frcnt room; large closet; $2 60 per week.
N ATOM A. 25 — A furnished room in private
family t(! let; rent reasonable.
PINE, 2S30. corner Baker — Furnished room to
let. ¦ _^
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lcr; rooma per night. 35c to (1 60; week, fi
to JS; month, f8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
I BUTTER. IMS — Lovely furnished front room.
all conveniences, rent reasonable; also hskp.
! THE FALMOUTH. 1049A Market et. ; furnished
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to fl night;
fl 76 to $0 w»ek; elevator: electric lights;
reading-room; fre» bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d et.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to »1 50 r.ipht; $2 to fs week: elevator;
flee, lights: reatMng-room: free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fitimore.
A BRANCH effice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND DOARD. /
ELEGANT large sunny alcove room; also an-
other: gas, bath, running water; first-claaa
board; private family; no children; phone.
1224 Golden Gate ave.
STEVENSON Mansion. 807 California St.— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
VAN NEPS ave.. 1714 — Prii-ate boarding-house,
home like, everything first class: sunny
suites; single rooms; choice locality; ref.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
RELIABLE young- man wants board in nice
family: Spanish lessons in return. Box 4041.
PIIVSICIAZVS AXD SURGEOX3.
DR. G C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence
1021% Market St., bet. Cth'and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
B1/X>I>. skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1C73K Market at. -
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. iwh doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Ma^os; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leaven worth.
DR. TOSO PO CHY, successor to Dr. Li Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use cf herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 7iC-8 Clay st.
PAPERHAXGIXG. PAIXT1XG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; tintlatr. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d st. ;tei.Maln 413.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine, this week only,
$10. $15. $20; slightly used; needles 20c do*.
NEW HOME 8. M. CO.. 1001 Market st.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNEsFanTNOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 201 Butter m.
STORAGE AXP ..> VAR _ E _ Ho^gEg»'
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard et.. near Third; phone Grant 161,
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell «u:: tel. Priv. Ex.. 671.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 12S.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made: 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 841. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Filimore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Mcatgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STPTTERIXG AXD STAJttMERIXG*
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market— Cure
in every case: Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures home cure.
TYPEWHITERS_AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT~BARGAINS IN" TYPEWRITE RS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California telephone Main 264
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery Bt.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 508 Market.
PI VIDEXD XOTICES. • ~
OFFICE pf Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, No. 22S» Crocker bidg.. Ban Fran-
cisco. Cal., Oct. 1. 1903 — Coupon No. 13, due
Oct. 12, 1903, from first mortgage 6 per cent
bondc, of the Sierra Railway Company cf
California, .will he paid at the fiscal agency
of this company, the Crocker-Woolworth Na-
tional Bank of San Francisco, Cal., on and
after that date. <
. 8. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, 'Con. — A dividend. No. 58. of fifty
cents . (50c) per chare on the Issued ' capital
- stock of the company hat been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, rooms 202-
204-2M Hayward building. 8an Francisco, oa
, October 10, 1903. Transfer books dose Octo.
ber 3. lflOS. C. C QUINN. Secretary.- ... ..
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:'
Alfred CT. UeberalU 31, city, and CathedU.
M. E. Everett. 26.. city.
Patrick B. Mahoney, 27, city, and Ellen Fitz
Gerald. 23. city. .
Simon Linehan, 30, 435 Jessie street, and
Lizzie Dorrap. 27. 287 Thirteenth street.
Irving W. Frankel. 34, city, and Julia Weil,
21, city. i
Frank A. Frates, 25. Port Costa, and Maud
McNamara. 18, 35H Monteruma street.
Peter H. Lucero. 29, 871 Market etreet. and
Ben M. McGranaghan. 18, 3959 Eighteenth, st.
William C. Gardiner, 38, 3740 Twentieth
rtreet, and Sarah M. Duggan. 25, 3740 Twen-
tieth street. - ' .
¦ Adam Kadak. 25, 2S3 Stevenson street, and
Maria Mlhallk. 21.-283 Stevenson street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS -
- Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail win not be Inserted.. They must be handed
in ' at either of the publication offices and 1 be
Indorsed with the name: and residence of .per—
tons authorized to have the same published.
MARBIED.;
SMART—KESSLER— -In'this city, : October 4,
IJKB. at Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,
by the HewDr."John<A.MJ. Wilson, Asa.W.
Smart. and Olive Keseler. both of San Fran-
cisco SjfcffB HhHBksHi 1 '-" •¦'*—'
I THE > B a
' H * ' *" ' '^^^tt^r ! " "" * V JBL ' ''
T\ HE beautiful series of art reproductions,
in color, now being given free as a sup-
I " 1 plernent to THe Sunday Call, will be
materially enhanced in value by the addition of
the 'magnificent picture to be distributed next
iSunda^.1 ; "' ,-. : : :' •. /¦¦-*- ,/¦¦¦¦ ¦
Jhis beautiful picture is the work of the
emirieht German artist, Adolph Schreyer, and
is called "The Arab Scout." ;
•'::.•--:; .. ¦¦¦.- : - ¦ t-.v , - ; , , : -.. ' •
THE ARAB SCOUT.
This title, which has been given to many of the pictures of Al-
gerian horsemen painted bv Adolph Schreyer, was never better a0-
plied than to the one which furnishes the subject of The Call Art
Supplement. .» .
. : • The alert and cautious attitude 'of the rider and the careful man-
ner in which the horse is snown picking. his way through a trackless
waste suggest forcibly that they are on uncertain ground, where un- ¦
| seen < foes may be met at any moment. ' i
- - Schreyer was a romanticist. T He seemed to recard the horse with
much the same love and respect that the Arabs bestow upon what they
consider J God's most orecious gift to man.
. I He also surrounded the Arab a glamour of romance. The
free adventure of Iheir nomadic lives, their skill in horsemanship and
the use of firearms, the wealth of color and ornament * in their .cos-
tumes and trappines for their steeds are dwelt upon .in his pictures
.with a fond attention which indicates an absorbing interest in them.
Few painters have adhered to a class of subjects— one might say
a single subject— as closely as Schreyer.
\' - . In. his early life he painted some scenes in which Wallachian team-
sters or field artillery of various armies played a prominent part, but
when he had once become familiar with Arabs and th'eir horses he
rarely attempted to paint other subiects.
Adolph Schreyer was born in Frankfort-on-the-Main in 1828. He
studied drawing in the StadeP Institute in that city and studied horse3
in' a riding school. Later he pursued his art studies in Stuttgart.
Munich and Dusseldorf.
,- : In 1848 he traveled throueh Hungary,' Wallachia and the land of
the -Cossacks with Jhe Prince of.Thurn and Taxis.
He accompanie'd the Austrian army on its march through' the
Danubian provinces in 1854? and in 1856 traveled through Syria and
Egypt. . '
In 1861 he visited Aleiers. and from that year until 1870 he re-
sided in Paris. In that vear he went to Kronberg. near Frankfort,
and until his death he divided his time between that place and Pari3.
He received honors in; many European exhibitions and is repre>
sented in many public galleries. He was a member of the Academies
of Antwerp "and Rotterdam: was court painter to/the Grand Duke of
Mecklenburtr: was chevalier of the Order of Leopold. ' I
:/. In-America his work has been immensely popular. Scarcely a
public or private collection of any importance is without one or sev-
eral of his paintings. ». .' 1
-The ¦ Variderbilt. Catherine Wolf, William Astor. Aueust Belmonti
Stebbins. Drexel. Walters. Morgan. Huntington. Butler and Rocke-
feller collections are a fe"w in which he was," or is, represented by im-
portant works. ..'-¦¦ 2 "¦£¦- : I
The Chicago Art Institute} possesses a most admirable example in
' "Horses Fleeing "from a Burning Stable,"- in the, Munger collection
-arid. Call readers '..will soon -have .this beautiful picture free as usual. j
TRAIN NEWS*^AGEMTS A\D ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL
THE CALL.
. DIED."
Allen, Edna G. Kaighin, Charles J.
Ayhens, Paul J. n Kelleher, -Josephine ¦¦¦I
Urady, Thomas J: Kruger,' Minnie r. ¦¦-
Burling, William B. McCown, Albert S. -
Buehell, Mrs. Wm. - McMartin. . Edward ¦
Decoto. Adolphus E. Martin. Helen 13.
Didl. Charles . . Mead. James W.
Emmons, Elmer S. ' Moore. .William
*-- Fessler, Sophie . Olsson, Ole
Fernandez, ¦ Manuel Rlchet, Eugene C. ¦ ¦ •
Fisher, Thomas W. Riddell, James A.
Flaker, . Katie Stecher," Otto ,:'
Fletcher. St. Clair Van Crumbrugghe, '
Grady. Thomas Mary .<¦,.-
Hartnett, Thomas Warren; Minnie
• Johnson, Alfred \ Walsh, Catherine
ALLEN"— In this city, October 0, 1903," at the
parents' residence, 243 Langton street, Edna
Gertrude, dearly beloved ¦ daughter >. of ;: Ed-,
ward and Lizzie Allen, and sister of George.,
Ethel and Evelyn Allen, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 years 0 months - and IS
days. "¦ ''.'-¦ • • - r-'-\_
AYHENS— Died and burled at sea. on steamer
San Jose, October ¦ 3, 191)3, Paul • Joseph
Ayhens, dearly beloved husbarrr! of Eugenia
Ayhens, and : loving - father of the late Eu-
gene Ayhens.^Paul August, Alice Julia, Al-
fred Joseph, Walter,. Chester L. and Leona
Ayhens, a native of France, aged 02 years
and 4; months. . . ¦ ,' -.
BRADY— In this city, October 0, 1903. Thomas
J., beloved husband bf Annie Brady, and
father of Mrs. J. Burns - and Mrs. George
Musgrave. a native of Windsor, Vt.. aged 00
years and 6 months. . . • . :
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Valente, Marlni & Co.. 1524 Stockton
street, between Union and Green. ' Interment
. Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
BURLING— In Glen Ellen, October 7, l»03.
William Barron Burling, son of Leonlde H.
. and. the late William Burling.
I BUSHELL— In thla city.'- October- 8. 19OJ,
--Mrs. William H. Bushell. beloved wife of
Winiaai H. Bushell, daughter of Patrick
and Catherine Ward, and sister of Mrs. Jo-
sephine O'Conner. Mrs. Mary Hudson, Mrs.
Margaret Ev»rs, Mrs. Edna Colter and John,
• T. J. and Patrick W. Ward, a native of
I Ireland, aged 34 years and 4 days.
DECOTO— In Oakland, October 8, 1903, at 1053
Eart Fifteenth street. Adolphus E beloved
husband of Msrgaret Decoto. son of Adolph-
us Decoto. and brother of William and John
Decoto, Mrs. C. F. Homer. Mrs. F. Osgood, •
Mm. R. Blacow and Mrs. S. Vandervoort, a
native of California, aged 37 years and o
months. ' ,
DID1— In this city. Charles Dldi, a native of
Tahiti, aged 60 years.
(T7Remalns at Charles J. B. Metzler's un-
dertaking parlors, C30 Washington street.
EMMONS — In this city. October 8, 1903, Elmer.
S., *on of Mary J. and the late Eltsha Km-
mons, and brother of George W. and Delia
C. Emroons and Mrs. C. P. Fonda, aged 62
years.
CThe funeral services will be" held to-
day (Saturday), it 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 3714 Sacramento street.
FASSLER— In this city, October 8, 1903, So-
phie, beloved wife of Josenh Fassler, mother
of Sophie. Edith. Anita and Emily Fassler
and Mrs. Catherine Schumann, and sister of
Bertha Dettllng, a native of San Frandsc",
aged 40 years 9 months and 28 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 11. at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
ilt-nre, 55 Niagara street, in rear of 5230
Mission «treet. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
FERNANDEZ-^In the City and County Hospl-
• tal. October 8. 1003. Manuel J. Fernandez.
a native of Massachusetts, aged 24 years. .
FISHER— In this city. October 5, 1903, Thomas
W., dearly beloved husband of Ethel Fisher,
.a native of Washington. D. - C, = aged 4i,
years. (Washington,. D. C, papers please
copy.)
CL7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
Sunday, October 11. 1903, at 12:30 o'clock,
from the parlors of. Valente, Marlni & Co.,
1524 Stockton street, thence to I. O. O. F.
Hall. Market and Seventh streets, where at
1:30 o'clock services will be held under the
auspices of Morse Lodge No. 257, thence to
Laurel Hfll Cemetery for interment. : .
FLAKER— In this city. October 8. l«03. Katie,
beloved wife of John Flaker, ' dearly beloved
mother of Leo, Rose and Grace Flaker, lcv-
ing daughter of Nicholas and Grace Devine,
and sister of Ella Devine, a native of Den
Molms. Iowa.
C7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 9:3O o'clock, from her late
residence. 1002% Minna street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
FLETCHER— In this city, October 8, 1903. St.
' Clalr late of Vallejo, a native of
_ Washington, D. C. aged 65 years. - - '.
C7"Remalns at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission Btreet, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
GRADY — In the City and County Hospital,
October 9, 1903, Thomas Grady, a native of
California, aged .35 years. . .-
HARTNETT— In this city. October 7, 1903,
Thomas Hartnett, I dearly . beloved brother' ot
Mrs. Mollle Ryan and the late- Sarah Rellly,
and nephew of Mrs. . William Nash, a na-
tive of County Limerick, Ireland, aged «5
years..
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 11, 1903, at 1:30 o'clock, from the
funeral parlors of Valente. Marlni & Co...
1524 fctockton street, between Union and
, Green. Interment Holy Croes Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. October. 9, 1903, Al-
fred, beloved husband of Emma Johnson,
father of Alfred, Axel, Ebenezer and the late
Carl Johnson, . and brother of Charles John-
¦ >n. a native of Wermland, Sweden, aged
03 years 10 months and 10 days. A member
of Scandinavian Society and Swedish Society
j of San Francisco. , *
(CFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence, 7<»
Fourteenth etreet, near- Sanchez. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by. carriages.
TO the officers and members of the Scandina-
vian Society — You are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral of our late member and past
secretary, Alfred Johnson, Sunday, October
11, at 2 o'clock, from his late residence, 769
"Fourteenth street., By order of
C.R. ANDERSON, President.
CARL A. HAQSTROM, Secretary.
KAIGHIN— In this city, October 8," 1903,
Charles J. Kaighin, beloved husband of Mat-
tie A. - Kalghin, and father of Gladys
Kalghin, a native of Salt Lake City, aged 43
years 5 months and 24 days.
CTTriendsand acquaintances are respect-
fully) Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 2:50 o'clock, from his late residence,' 15S8
Fell street, corner, of Central avenue. " In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery; .
KELLEHER— In this city. Josephine Kelle-
her, a native of California, aged 20 years 2
S months and 19 days.
»¦ ¦ ¦ £7Remalns at Charles J. B. Metzler's un-
dertaking parlors, 636 Washington ! street.
KRUGER— In this city, October 8, 1003, Min-
nie Kruger, dearly beloved wife of H.'-.WIN
Ham Kruger. mother of Henry Kruger,
daughter of Mrs. Lena Zahn, and sister of
Charles Zahn, a native of Merced, aged 26
years 8 months and 6 days. . .'•;*
|E7Frleiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, 'from her late resi-
dence, 1515 Eighth avenue south. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. ', "
McCOWN— In East Oakland, - October S. 1003,
Albert S. MeCown, beloved brother of.T. B.
' McCown and Mrs. - F. Longmald, a native of
Iowa, aged 32 years and 27 days.
McMARTIN— In this city, October 7, 1903, Ed-
ward H.V beloved husband of Sarah P. Mc-
Martin, and father of Edward F., ' Alfonso
F. and Clifford McMartin, a native of Buf-
- falo, N. Y., aged 66 years.. 1 1;
IE7 Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow'
(Sunday),- at -11 o'clock,* from the. funeral
parlors of the HJ F. Haass Company; 917
Mission ° street.< Interment. Mount 'Olivet
Cemetery. ,.
MARTIN — In ' San Leandro. ' October 8, : 1903,
- Helen B., beloved daughter of Louis J. and
Mary B. Martin, and sister of John, Georgo,
Frederick, Louis and Thomas Martin, .a na-
tive of San Leandro, aged '- 16 years and 13
days. ¦ ' ¦ . .
. (C7Funeral Saturday. October. 10, : at 0:S0
: '- o'clock, from St. Leander's Church. Inter-
; ment Hay wards Cemetery.* >
MEAD — In this city, October^ 9, 1903. James
¦ , ; W. -' Mead, beloved . husband ; of. Dollie Mead,
and father of Julia, Arthur, Eva,' James and
-Raymond Mead, a ' native of England, aged
41 years .'I months and 14 days.
.'.'.' IC^Ni'tlce of ; funeral. hereafter. .
MOORE— In this city, ¦ October 0, V1903; Wil-
liam Moore, beloved -'.husband, of .- the late
Elizabeth J.: Moore, and father of William
' J. Moore, aged 61 years. -;, : y
EyFrlends : and acquaintances are. • respect-
fully * invited to > attend the funeral; Sunday,
at 2 o'clock, from the Church of, the Advent,
Eleventh street, between Market and Mis-
sion. ,, Interment * private. : ' • , :
OLSSON— In this i city* October 8. 1903, ¦ Ole,
dearly ~ beioved husband of Emma Olsson,'
-and father of George R.. Olsson and the late
Rosa, and George R. Olsson, a native ' of
. Sweden, aged , 31 = years.
RICHET— In Alameda, r October 8, 1903,- Eu-
. gene ¦, Charlemagne Rlchet, beloved ¦ «on ¦ of
A. , B. . Rtchet, stepson of Sarah Rlchet, 1 also
stepbrother of Thomas and Matilda Richet, a
. native of - San 'Francisco, , aged- 22 ; years • tt
months and 2 days.' * - ¦ .;
.ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-*
fully '. invited to : attend the ! funeral " services
Sunday,' October , 11, 1903, at ' 1 , o'clock, i at
. his . late* - residence, > 2848 . Central . avenue,
which will be under the auspices of Oakland
. Aerie ¦ No. :. 7» . FV O. E., <¦, of ' which : he , was a
: I member; also ex- volunteer of Spanish- Ameri-
* can war, ; Battery H, Third 'Artillery, , Eighth
. : ' Army ; Corps. Incineration at i Oakland { Cre-
- ma tory; ., . ' . v -¦ .- ¦"',*'¦ ..".'¦."-, " ;; '¦,.-"
RIDDELL— In this city, October 8, 1903, James
V Andrew, . beloved ', husband ¦: of ¦ Bridget ' Rid-
- • dell, and father of Craig B. .' and Jeremiah
• Riddell. a native of Eterllnahlre, ¦ .Corron,
' Falktrk. . Scotland. '¦:, - .¦¦-,..: ..=-..- •.:.-
v *¦'¦ Cy Funeral :, services ->. will : be «held • at ,6t.l
Brigld's ;. Church, •-, corner ; • Van * Ness '4 avenue t
and Broadway, Saturday,; October lO,"- at 9:30
. : o'clock.* : Interment - Holy" Cross.: Cetnetery.'
¦". -. Remains at * the . parlors ', of ' N. 1 Gray H & t Co.; '
;:.'S53 'Sutler street. - - '
6TECHEK— In this city,. October. 7, l»05,;otto.
dearly : beloved son of Elenore * and the,' late
-Philipp Stecher, \ brother ; of Fred J. and the
• late : Edward Stecher, - and - nephew ' of i Mrs/
•A; E Weber of San Jose' a native ot'San
Francisco, aged ; 35 years C ; months ¦ and . 10
- days. A member of Oesellschaft Teutonia;
- Schiller Stamm No.' 278.. Ur™ O. '¦< R. • M. ; ;
Knights of ' tne Royal Arch, ,' San , Francisco
'.' Lodge No. 2; Friendi" of Golden Oate Verein, ;
¦ and Bartenders' . League, 'Local- No. 41; ,-.-:,.
'. iCTTriends and acquaintances are respecl-
fully invited to attend ; the i funeral t Sunday.'
October 11, 1903, at 1:30 o'clock,- from, the
*. residence " of his . mother, >' 317 f. Minna e tree I. "
¦ between .Fourth and^Flfth. .Interment I. O.
;\O..,F. Cemetery. .' r ' . :' '
VAN - CRUMBRUOGHE — In, the .City and
County Hospital, October 0, 1003, Mary Van
Crumbrugghe, a native of New • York, aged
40 years. .".¦; -' , ' ., •¦> .'':¦;. \ '_\'. :'.
WAL8H— In : this city, , October -.8/1 1903, Cath-
~; erlnt , beloved . wife : of ' the '. late James J.
-' Walsh, and mother; of 'Joseph; < Ellen, James,
Margaret, Kate, . John. Willie and Charlie
• Walsh, a native of New Orleans, La., aged
¦ • 40;years.-- . ; ::¦,''¦: \ :¦ . -."¦' : . : ; -.'.» . *
WARREN— In this cits. October 9, f 1903, Mm- ,
nie Warren, 'beloved wife of George *W.'i
-- Warren, and sister of Mrs. , Elizabeth » Blos-
': 10m, a native of Illinois, • aged 63 years.", 1
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully i invited , to attend the .-"funeral' Sunday, •
October 11, 1903. at . 0:30 .o'clock, from
Charles J. B. Metzler's undertaking ' parlors,
03B Washington street, where the services
will bo held, interment strictly; private.
;'(, CARD OF THANKS.
To our many friends, whose sympathy and
• kindness were ours in our bereavement, we
extend our - heartfelt ; thanks, r : / . v
¦ -MAY A, HASTINGS.
¦ IRENE G. HASTINGS.
IlIuAL E STATE-— CIT Y— FO R SALE.
*' JTTiTT'MB.-'EN & CO., 2u Montgomery St.,
Keai Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
$Kh»,<>w — Sansome and Calitcrtiia sts.; n-rtory
and basacicnt busidm? ; rents $JH>w per.
annum.
s*iOU> — McAllister st. and .Veh ave.; 2 3-
etory houses of 10 rooms and bath
each, cn ilcAHisier t-t., and 4.2-M.ory
'...-• r cf 5-0 rooms ••. nd bath each, oil
* AfU ave.; rent* fliir; bay windows,
brick foundation, etc.; S2:tixl2t>.
.-^i,CiO<i — On Franklin et.. rear City Hall; 2
bouses t)l ti rooms tach. 2 fiats of 0
rooms each and <• flats of 3 rooms
" eacn; bay windows.* brick . foundation,
etc.: rents Uh£.; lot 103 feet front.
*it>,iRn> — Hents -{14*0 per uinum; funny cor-
• ncr; targe lot; 3 elegant modern flats
cf 6 ruoros and bath each; should pay
*!*>¦'¦> ;-'T annum.
,1i,..'.'im — G'FAJTell st., north line; 3 houses of.
V rooms and bath each; rents $lt»5 per
month; water extra; .'•Jsl37:0, with -an
tiS.OOO — Fine corner near Market St.; im-
provements nearly ;iew in store, fiat
and cottage; rents $117 ]>er month;
large lot. ;
$12.u>u — Price reduced; rents $1264 per an-
num; « ilats end iarre lot; 55 feet
front on Grove st.. near City Hall.
SJ.TiiiO-^-Bueh rt.. north lii»e; 3 flats of 7-7 -C
rooms and bath each ; rents $0S 50
bay windows, brick foundation, etc.;
53.000 — Rents $720 per annum; good business
corner on Gueirero st. ; stare and flat;
Itrge lot; 43 f«*et front.
.*:..<«.o_Bu!!ders. attention; beautifully sit-
uated corner, lu0xS7:6, overlooking; the
city and Golden Oate Park; both
streets accepted; a cheap lot.
f3,400>— Walter eu, near Market and 14th: 3
flats of 5-C rooms suid bath; very new
and modern- r°nts $S2 50; bay win-
dows, etc. ' 25xS8-
(8.800— Bjr order »>. uenk: Mission «.; 2-
etory fra»r:e .^ welling and lot 48:4x90,
with L 23:4x10.
?7.000 — Scott «.; 2 flats of 5-6 rooms' and
rear cottasre of 3 rooms and bath;
rents $C7 60: 25x90.
$7,000— OeJc st. and Lily ave.; 2 flats on Oak
• . of 5-4 rooms end bath and double cot-
tare cn L!!v of 3 rooms each; rents
$C2 50; 25rl20.
$5.C50— 21S-21 14th St., eouth line, near Mis-
sion; 4 flats of 4 rooms each; rent? $41;
f 5.500 — H«nts" $5T8 per annum: near Third
and F\>lsom sts. ; 3 ilats of 5 nvjm^ and
_, bath bay windows; lot 25x9i).
S."\250 — A barcain: very ntre Park residence
of 9 rooms and bnth. etc.; 23xl37:tf.
. f4.S50 — Near 6th and Harrison «». ; 2 flats
of 5 rooms ear* 1 , ond rear house of 3
rooms; rents *47: 2.'>xI12.
$3,500 — Rents S3S4 t»er annum; near 4th and
.Folsom fts.; 2 flats and cottage; 25xS0. ,
$3,250 — Chinatown property; Pacific st. ; old
building; rents ?35; above water.
For further particulars of the above, and
for the flea! Estate Record containing a list
of property for sa!e in oil farts of the city,
inquire at our offloe.
G. H. VMBSEX & CO..
20 Montgomery st..
Res* Estate Arents and Aucti^n^rs.
DEPIRABLK sunny building lots; close to Du-
hooe Park: bitunslnized streets: lots level
and ready to build on: a rare chance to ob-
tain a holding; admirably situated and close
to the city at a very reasonable price: dia-
prem. r*rtce and eJl further particulars 'at
our effice. G. H. USIBSEX & c.X>.. 20
• Mor.tgnmery st., Real Estate Agents and
Auctioneers.
PARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
<5 rooms and bath: sunny, modern and up to
date in every particular; No*. W>d and 9t'H
. payton rt.. near Golden Gate Park; price
13100 and $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
& SONS. 114 Montgomery st.
J250 DOWN and $25 per month: new cottage,
5 r. & b. ; lot 30x1 f>0. Cottage. 4 r. & b. for
12100; 27th ft.; sunny cottage. S r. i b.; 2Sth;
.JISOO — It will pay you to lock at these »naD«.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st-
NEAT cotiape with modern improvements;
term? same as paying rent. Apply owner.
Lumber yard. S. E. corner Alabama and
Montcalm ets.
H1.00O— APARTMENT house*; south of Mar-
ket; pays l'» r*r cent net after deducting all
. expenses. THORXK & CO.. :il2 nush st.
FOB saU' — A 5-room cottape; lot 50x100 or 2fix
100: seme as paying rent. Apply T\', i>ri^il
avt, lCxcel»il<'r Homestead.
CtriLD on rour unimproved realty: we loan
full cost i."nprt)v. and part lot at 6 i«r cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO., Crocker building.
TINE income flats on Fu'.ton, near City Hall;
reasonable Inquire 142 Fulton st.. owner.
'il^ArEKT and t>est In America — The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, eer.t to any address in the
I'nited States or Canada one year for $1,
rostiipe raid- -: -r .*•
REAL ESTATE: Countrj — For Sale.
U'AXTED— To sell and exchange, fruit," grain
and stock farms; city and town property;
as matter ' where located;' sales - made and
trades adjusted on ground Soor basis; no
delays. INTERNATIONAL BROKERAGE
ASSN.. Inc.. 330 Pine st.
$2750 — 120 ACRES; 600 range; »ell or lease.
$275; orchard and vineyard best In State;
. can visit city and return same day; 3V& miles
" to town; old age reason for selling. J. W.
S.. box 4060, Call office.
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Colma;
tenced hedges around land; good house;
chtcken-boutes. "water: reasonable; chickens,
ducks. R. S. THORNTON. 416 Examiner bid.
ALALFA lands, ' stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues seat free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. «48
Market st. t* .
LUMBER land — 3C0 acres redwood timber land
with new sawmill in Sonoma County vlil be
sold at a bartrain. Box 4066, Call. •¦« ¦
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a good
prcCt. HAMILTON & KENDRICK.Petaluma.
A WEEK'S nerrs for 5 eent« — The Weekly Call.
16 paces. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per yea"
p'qi xt jri cn m o yp real e state.
WATER frcnt lots end bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCIIAXGB.
INCOME prr-perty; long lease; $310 month.
For property to improve, box 4103, Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA. FtRMMICD HOUSES.
FOR rent — Nicely furnished house in Alameda;
reasonable to responsible party; owner leav-
lng for the East.' Address box C 832. Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
J. J. MJ^ON. ~ '
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
BE. cor. Ehattuck ave. and Center st.
Berkeley, Cal.
'OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BE0ADWAY.
O AKL AS p nEAL E STATE.
BEATS FORECLOSURE IsXLe ¦
$3450 — Rare opportunity to secure fine 8-
room house;- new; never occupied; buyer can
move In at once: price reduced ficm $3750;
owner mutt get $850 cash to meet coming ob-
ligations; in rapidly growing district on 37th
ec, near Telegraph ave.; near new ferry sys-
tem that eoon starts.
¦Will the ' party who made verbal offer of
$3700 please call again or send address. - and
oblige.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1100 BROADWAT.
ALSO AGENTS FOR THE REALTY SYN-
DICATE PROPERTIES AND 6 PER CENT
INTEREST-BEARING- CERTIFICATES.
tSSOO— COMFORTABLE cottage with bay-win-
<Jow and high basement ;• lot . 1*0 feet deep;
ftne large >*rn; trravel driveway; nice neigh-
borhood; street work all done; above San
Pablo ave.-; terms If you like. J. S. MYERS
or GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
Mo4«-rn houw. U rran.; stable; Mason & Hamlin
.organ. 1i*-u,rr- 12 m.. 422 Orange St.. Oakland.
Ft'IlXITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day toTt£i&M*l^ml'
ture. H. Schelifcaas. nth st.. cor. store. Oaklrid.
TRUtTtES- FAL.ii— The undersigned offer for
l*ifV «£ . of boou and shoes, together
•toco; and fixture* as a whole or t*-Daratel\
•™ «olicited.Uo be address % the under 1
•signed and dt-llvered to H. L SMITH sec-'
nt *7 °' th » Board «f Tr.de. 2^ Market
Oct. 13ta. 1903. et 10 o'clock a m A tvt~
U f?r«a Ch^l-, f * r 10 1>?r <5""tS amomu
oM^nnir^^« ccom »ny "&ch bid, return-
able only in ess*, ot reaction of bid. Right
"*r V ' e f« T 1-^v m bny and bWfi - T « rras
tVaMR 1 S ''I? <JU L'-NDELL, F. 3. McWIL-We<ldlnir invitation;, . very; euperlor, , printed
or eDgrav'ed. Ed w. B. Knowles, 21 Second at.*
To cure a cold on Uhe lungs * and ; to # prevent
pneuihcnla UkePlso's Cure' for. Consumption. •
FaUarr Will Be -New .Warden.
Again the. whirligig of politics ;; has
changed t the J, situation ;. regarding %the
choice of "Warden at' Folsom. . Last week
it '.was i considered I certain that , v J. II.
Standley, • ex-Sheriff ' of ,Coun
ty, would < be" the fortunate candidate, but
how 'it- appears ;that »T. J. 1 , Fallon, ' treas
urer"^ of | Marln County,' : will be ' selected.
r The Manufacturers* and; Producers*:, As-^
sociation' has received iword : that* Calif or^"
nia. bidders^haye /been"; awarded^allj the
contracts » f or i dried .* fruits i f or^ the f^ Indian
agencies and schools for^ the 'ensuing year/
with ( k the exception'} of; a! ; portion¥ofiTthe
supply iof dried 'apple s.^ Prior.' to 'l^^this^
State received'only about : a" third; of : this
business. .^^EfifflSBfittl : ~'"'.[. : '*'¦
California Bidders /Win.
' Wells-Fargo gave, us a big order. No. price
asked.' Myseu-Rolllns; 22 Clay, , do good .work. . •.
The new Grand . Jury, began: its labors
yesterday by finding two indictments
against ; nirhard Fernandez ¦ and {Andrew
Gomez. Both . men were • charged /with
grand larceny and .bail was fixed ¦ by s pre
siding Judge ' Murasky : at; 55000 • in^each
case. Fernandez and, Gomez have already
figured in the Police, courts 'on '.charges
of having cashed, a lottery^ tickets belong
ing to Candido Garelequl, ., which drew!
J7500, and of afterward - giving Garelequi
$10 on the plea. that ; the ticket had only
drawn that n mount.
Grand Jury Finds Indictments.'
Yesterday was the first time that a flag
Indicating | a \ southeast I storm ever j floated
from the Farallones. r.Tue ,\yeather j Bu
reau eta t ion at that'; point -is ; now!- in full
operation.' Apparatus for ! use *in ; wireless
telegraphy } is ; now ¦_ being » installed .; on ¦ the
Farallones" and at J Point Reyes.\: . : . ;
* Forecaster f Me Adie" said 1^ last -night ,that
the -weather would probably be unsettled
for to-day. ' :
The rainy season commenced yesterday
with' a" succession of ; light showers.; -The
storm struck the "- coast near Portland,
Or., and'traveled rapidly south for a time;
then turned 1 ! toward the east : . This was
the first genuine '< rain in ; San > Francisco
since ArjrilrlG. The. section of the State
north : of " the Tehachapi Received ' all the
rainfall, : although^there Twere ! prospects
of showers in the .south, last : night, i-,
; J The .chansre : of • weather j was '; expected
and storm signals were displayed : all along
the coast. The raisin growers were yarn
ed ' in i time to take precautions , against
rain. ./. , , - - ; /."¦"'
Storm Strikes . Coast in Oregon and
. Travels' Rapidly in Southeast
erly Direction.'
BAIN Y SEASON BEGINS
WITH LIGHT SHOWEBS
It takes Eix years for grass to prow
where sheep have pulled It up and tram
pled it. -.m -.'- : >
With .'Admiral^ Palliser on the Lytton
were Urie: following members , his trea
sure syndicate: : Captain Fenner and Ma
jor^ Holdene ~ of the British - army ; C. H.
Gazlet . and ; W. ?}. D. i DorinaK classified in
England Vasr» "gentlemen"; Tennis -Cham
pion •: Hllliard and , H.V U. Montmorency,
who will : some day, be a Marquis.
Keating made a subsequent visit, and
later handed down his secret to a British
er, Fitzgerald by 'name, who in, turn
passed the information along to Rear Ad
miral Henry St. Leger Bury Palliser, then
commanding. the British squadron in the
Pacific. On his flagship, the Imperieuse.
the gallant admiral made rapid tracks for
the golden. prize. He landed 300 bluejack
ets at Cocos and satisfied himself, it is
said,' that his information was of value.
., The' Costa Rican Government objected
to Admiral Palliser » landing armed men
on Costa' Rlcan territory without permis
sion: ' Complaint 'was ' made ' to England
and the admiral ] was '. promptly retired
from the service. - : . .
¦With the treasure fever burning fiercely
In his .veins, 'the "old sailor t set about the
organization of an expedition to get that
gold. ' He formed" a Cocbs^ Island . syndi
cate j and chartered the '. steamship Lytton
to '. carry him and %his . friends to; Cocos.
The ', Lytton had a cargo for Salinas Cruz,
and there ; the party her. and was
carried to' the Island. ': •
The admiral and his friends landed, and
according: to the, officers of .the Lytton lo
cated" the' cave,*; but 'discovered | that land
slides had burled it -beyond 'their power
to disinter .with the appliances they had
provided. The Lytton carried the party, to
Panama, whence proceeded to Eng
land /to .prepare an . expedition properly
equipped to cope with conditions as , they
found them on Cocos Island. .The Lytton
returned .to Salinas '- Cruz, finished dis
charging her cargo and was on her; way
to Esqulmalt ' when' compelled /to seek
refuge ; here' on . account : of a r shortage of
'fuel., / " : - ;: *¦' "• ;-. " "¦
: The British steamship Lytton, which ar.
rived here the other day from Salinas
Cruz and was put into quarantine on. ac
count of . sickness on board, brings from
the south the latest chapter in the ro
mantic story of the world-famous search
for the $30,000,000 treasure supposed to bo
buried In a cave on Cocos Island.
This treasure, so the oft-told tale goes,
represented the domestic treasure of Peru
at : the time that republic was fighting
Spain for its independence. The treasure,
mostly in gold coin, was placed for safe
custody aboard an | English sailing ship
commanded by one Thompson. A Peru
vian .'.. guard . was detailed to watch " the
treasure, but . Thompson and his crew
murdered the guard, sailed away from
Lima and landed at Cocos Island, where
they, buried the gold— «ixty tons of It.
Thompson's ship was later 'captured by a
Peruvian man-of-war and all but Thomp
son were strung up . to the . yardarms.
Thompson escaped, made his way to New.
foundland, where he intrusted the secret
of the treasure's location with a certain
Keating, who In 1850 is alleged to have
visited Cocos and secured a small part of
.the treasure.
Admiral Palliser Visits
Island oh Steam
ship Ly tton.
Platt ' therefore was forced, under the
circumstances, to file a f new. petition," In
which he . agreed- to abide by the provi
sions ot the charter regarding \ the 'grant
ing of franchises . for street railways.
These include the sale of the franchise
to .the ! highest bidder . and the payment
by, the • company receiving the franchise
of 1! per cent of its gross -receipts for. -the
first ten years and 3 per cent thereafter.
The original application for,- the new
franchise was made* last December by
the company under the provisions of the
Broughton act. which at that time re
quired action to be taken on , a petition
filed by two-thirds of the property, own
ers along the route of the proposed fran
chise. The ; committee desired ' Mr. Platt
to withdraw the petition and {file a new
one in 'accordance with the terms of "the
charter. This Platt declined. to do. There
upon the repeal of the Broughton act was
secured at the last session of the Legis
lature. . . '-*/' '.'
The petition now reposes in the box
containing documents referred , to the
committee upon which action ( has been
postponed " for various reasons. Under its
own decision , in the matter the Public
Utilities Committee can. do nothing.' else
than consider the petition of the company
for a renewal of its franchise.'
" Now that the proposition of acquiring
the Geary street road for a "municipal
railway system has been beaten at the
polls the ouestion of an application of
the Geary Street Railway Company for
a new franchise along Its present route
will be at once considered byythe Board
of Supervisors.
The application for the franchise was
made by Horace G. Platt, president of
the railway company, last March. .'The
petition was for a twenty -five ,year fran
chise from. November 7, .1903, the present
franchise of the road expiring on Novem
ber 6. After considering the petition the
Public Utilities Committee, to : : which it
was referred,' postponed action' thereon
pending the result of the submission ; to
the neonle-of the proposition for the ac-|
quisltion by the city of the Geary-street
road. .¦ ¦ - .
Policeman Cavanaugh stationed himself
at the Market-street entrance, Teutenberg
went to the rear entrance and Brady
climbed to the roof, joining Husted.
Brady called down the skylight, "Who
ever you are, you will have to surrender,
as you can't get away." A voice replied
from below, "All right, we'll surrender."
Brady and Husted procured a ladder
and made their way to the store. They
found two bovs. each 17 years of age,
and when asked what they were doing
there one of them replied that they want
ed to get enough money to take " them
out of town. They had removed the sky
light and got into the store by a ladder
which they found on the roof. They gave
their names as William Foley and Albert
Holtz. but It was later discovered that
Holtz's real name was W. H. Kerns.
They came from the East recently to find
employment as bellboys. They were book
ed for. burglary.
They' appeared before Police Judge Ca
baniss yesterday morning and were In
structed and arraigned. Holtz Insisted
upon making a statement. He said there
could be no denying tae fact that they
were found in the store, but as they had
taken nothing be thought , the Judge
might make the charge an attempt at
burglary or something light. The Judge
told him he could do nothing in the way
suggested and continued the case till this
morale*. *-
Special Officer Huster was discovered on
the roof of 768 Market street, which Is
occupied by Capp & Putnam as a corset
house, and he told the policemen that
he bad fired the shots and blown his
police whistle to attract their attention.
He had srone to the roof of the building
and found that the skylight had been
removed. He had also heard a noise as
if tone one was moving in the store.
Policemen and citizens who happened to
be in the neighborhood of Market
street and Grant avenue about 4
o'clock yesterday morning were startled
by hearinsr the reports of several shots
fired in quick succession and the blowing
of a police whistle. A rush was made ln^
the direction of the shots j and among'
those who were quickly on the scene were
Policemen Brady, Cavanaugh and Teut
enberg.
For the information of the * committee
B. Jobst stated ¦ that he . now: has a fran
chise for th« San Francisco ' and West
Shore Railway Company,: which 1 was
granted In 1892 by a former Board of Su
pervisors. Joost stated that . the ' repre
sentatives of the . ; Ban . Francisco and
Southern 'Railway Company -that were
applying for a. franchise . had used i the
data he had obtained at great expense
en ' the : representation : that - they desired
to purchase [ his . franchise.' .':- The commit
tee ascertained that' the ordinance grant-
Ing the franchise had not * ;been ' signed jbjr
Mayor Sanderson and ' consequently < Joost
had never been legally granted the priv
ilege.
The , petition of. the/ Merchants' Asso
ciation for permission to construct at the
Intersection ¦ of Powell,; Market '; and ' Eddy
streets a : public "safety \ station "was 're
ferred to the Board of Public Works with
a request that the station be erected out
of the funds appropriated by : the; board
for the present fiscal year. .
Charles F. O'Callaghan, president of the
San Francisco and \ Southern Railway
Company, stated that he would give j the
names of the people Interested In obtain
ing the franchise to the committee in ex
ecutive session at once for its own in
formation, but must decline for business
reasons to give the names to' the* public.
Supervisor Braunhart opposed the prop
osition of , privacy . in the. matter of rail
road franchise^.-. He said It would be nec
essary to have the press - and ' the public
know who the Interested parties were
before the petition could be granted. The
committee decided that all deliberations
in the matter must be open, according fo
charter provisions.
. O'Callaghan said that. the company was
willing • to pay all expenses incurred by
the Board of Public Works in, investigate
ing and reporting upon the application for
a franchise. O'Callaghan also agreed to di
vulge the names of the stockholders of
his company prior to the recommendation
made, to the board by -the committed re
garding the franchise. The committee
thereupon referred the . petition . to. the
Board- of Public Works with the under
standing that all expenses .incident to the
investigation by that board shall be paid
by the company, which will be required to
deposit a sufficient sum for. the purpose.
M. E: Cerf, attorney for the Western
Pacific Railway Company, which wants a
franchise along Sixteenth :; and:^ other
streets, said that he would' make known
the names of the stockholders In. the con
cern when ordinance granting the
franchise came | up j for final passage. He
promised to give Information at that time
which . would" warrant the ! Supervisors . in
voting* for the measure. The committee
was not altogether satisfied with this pro
posal and put the application over for one
week. ¦' ¦-.•. .-..'•". ¦¦' -' ¦• ¦'
The representatives of" the Sgtn' Fran
cisco and Southern Railway Company and
the Western Pacific Railway Company,
*oth of which have petitioned for fran
chises to enter the city, were asked point,
blank by the Supervisors' Street Commit
tee yesterday ¦ as to whether they were
ready to disclose to the committee the
names of. the promoters of the enter
prises. The committee Btated that fran
chises have been granted In the past and
the roads were never constructed, and
under the charter the company shoulfl
have fifty miles of road already con
structed. . .
QOAERTMAN'S SKULL FRACTURED. —
¦William White, a laborer employed at War
ren's Quarry, was struck on the head yester
day by a large piece of falling; rock. White
¦was treated at the City and County Hospital
by Dr. JIcElroy, whera It was found his skull
had been fractured.
Two Boys Are Captured
in a Market-Street
Corset Store.
Railway Companies Ac
cept Condition for
Franchise.
Supervisors to Act on
Geary-Street Road "
Petition.
BURGLARS ENTER
BY A SKYLIGHT
PRIVATE BANKS ENJOY
"UNUSUAL PROSPERITY
Report of the State /Board Shows
Great Gains in Both Assets -
_ and Deposits.
The Bdard.of Bank Commissioners re
ports that the nineteen private banks of
the. State are unusually prosperous." These
institutions have gained $169,159 42 in
assets and $124^111 43 in deposits .since
June 30. The statement of resources and
liabilities,' based .on the returns of Sep
tember 8, is. as follpws: ' ' '
' Resources— Bank, premises, $64,S2S 2^; other
real estate, $128, 751 .'13; miscellaneous stocks
and bonds.. $3C0,SS2 82; loans on real . estate,
$5G4,397 18; Moans on stocks, ¦ bonds ¦ and war
rants, """ $47,206 .45; loans on * other securities,
$05,832 li;, loans on ¦ personal - security,; Includ
ing overdrafts,' $l,109,04S 83; money/ on' hand,
$219,364 96; due .from .banks ant1 bankers,
$40S,809 2S: other assets. $147,970 42; total re
sources, $3,237,981 70. .'•-¦ ¦¦•;¦¦ ,
. — Capital paid in coin, $543.S02 80;
reserve fund and profit' and loss, $3*24,706 C7:
due • depositors; $2,118,444 03; due banks and
bankers. $74,640 06; State, - county or city
money. $430 18;- other liabilities, $176,051 96;
total, liabilities, $3,237,081-70.
COCOS TREASURE
IS BURIED DEEP
resting place. A wrecking barge was dis
patched to the scene -last night and an
effort will be made to-day to raise the
sunken schooner.
WILL G0NSIDER
NEW FRANCHISE
Fallon was always highly regarded foe
the place, but the objection to him was
based on the claim that he had had no
experience in handling criminals. "When
he showed that he had served as deputy
sheriff for nine years the objection was
overruled and he will probably be named
for the place at the coming meeting of
the Board of Prison Directors. <*.
TO GIVE NAMES
OF PROMOTERS
¦ The captain ; and mate were unable, to
render ' their shipmates any assistance,
havins their own hands more than full.
As they seized the yawl the little boat
flipped over, taking Mlkkelsen with her.
Mikkelsen's heels came down- with terr
rifle force, on the* face of Captain Gus
tavson, who had released his hold on the
yawl.. Such, holding on as "the captain
did for several minutes . after that was
purely a' matter of .instinct, for he was
completely stunned. .Time and again the
waves rolled .the little: boat and as she
wallowed bitterly cold seas swept against
the faces of the struggling men. !
'; For more than an hour they maintained
their ' hold on * their elusive refuge and
were both played out when the sloop
Governor of the Moraghan Oyster Com
pany, reached the scene of the wreck. "The
men wern . helped on board and later
brought to the city on the tug Elizabeth,
which E.: -W.-fCrellin. -president of the
Morgan Oyster Company," dispatched to
the rescue as soon as he heard of the
disaster. ! • .
Larsen, the drowned engineer, was ~a
man of about 35 years of age and stood
high in the esteem of his. employers. His t
wife and three children left a few weeks
ago to- visit relatives in 'England. He
stepped on deck just a few minutes be
fore the scuall struck and was* standing
in the bow Vhen the Admiral went over.
He was a powerful swimmer, bnt in that
freight "encumbered sea his skill availed
him nothing. : i *, ~
McCondah was an Englishman, So years
of age; He p was hired by . Crellin on
Thursday night to. cook for the men em
ployed at the oyster be'ds. McGondah'ls
well known along the , water front, hav
ing served on a number of coasting
schooners and on : several of,' the; army
transports. He was a single man.
The Admiral sank where she capsized
and her, masts mark the location of her
'men found death In ? the . bay yes
terday during, 'the stiff .. southeaster which
swept the harbor and two others escaped
a similar fate onfy. after: more than an
hour's; heart breaking battle in the storm
tossed waters. The deaths and the strug
gle for. life* followed the ; capsizing ' off
Hunters Point, of the gasoline schooner
Admiral, belonging to the' Morgan Oys
ter Company. Those drowned were Emll
Larsen, " the'; Admiral's ' engineer, and
Charles » McCondah, 'i a cook, ¦ who was on
his way to take a position .with the Mor-'
gan Company at- Mlllbrae. Captain Wil
liam XJuStavson and his mate, E. M.'Mik
.kelseh, J saved themselves I by clinging : to
an.jjverturned yawl until- picked up by
the gasoline, sloop Governor.-. ;
The^ Admiral,' a stanch craft' which - for
years has " made - almost , dally ¦ trips be
tween Channel ": street : and the Morgan
Company's oyster : beds, ; started : shortly
after -0 o'clock- yesterday/ morning for
MiUb'rae. ,She had 1 - on 'deck -a ton of Ice
and- a pile of 'empty boxes.' 'After ; clear
ing the "wharves' eail was holstedi l and
until 0:45 all., went well. At that time,
when the schooner had reached a point
about a mile southeast of Hunters Point,
a | terHflc squall | struck her and before
Captain Gustavson ,' could make a move
over went ' the fAdmlral*.- All hands were
on deck and . everybody was j thrown Into
the water. The schooner sank, but on
the surface remained • her; yawl and the
empty oyster boxes. . Gustavson and Mik
kelsen grabbed, the .yawl. Larsen 'and
McCondah became - mixed up with- the
freight and after a few. minutes of frantic
struggle both disappeared. ¦ .:
Engineer and . Cook Drown,
: Passing 'Sloop Saves Cap- : 
tain and. Mate.
Oyster Schooner Ad
iniral Capsizes Off
" V- Hunters Point.
TWO FIND DEATH
IN SOUTHEASTER
THE SA3ST '. FK ANGISCO CALL, -SATURDAY, OCTOBER^lO. 1903.
14
HAIiE'S. j ¦-
' Toilet' Brushes
v ; At Hale Prices.
Tooth- Brushes, ioc — Genuine
'bristles; bone handled. Sample
• line that retails regularly for 20c
- and 25c. * ' • . .
Combination Hand and Nail
Brushes, ioc-^They remove the
dirt, but not the skin.
Hat! Brushes, 35c— Curved, with
long handles, soft* bristles. It
maKes lots bf difference whether
- you use a hat brush or a clothes
-'¦ brush on , your; hat.
Clothes- Brushes, 25c— Large" as-
. sortment of polished rosewood
' and oak 2 finished backs. Good
quality of bristles.
Bath Brushes, 45c— Curved handle,
: reversible. "Genuine bristles.
Hair Brushes, 50c— Solid backs, all
genuine bristles.- We are closing
them out. Regular, price 75c to
8 5 c. -___ ; ..
New Neckwear;
New Veils.
Made Veils, 35c — Face veils or hat
- drapes. 300 just received. AH
the latest styles, including hem-
stitched chiffons, , plain and dot-
ted Tuxedoes with fancy ribbon
borders; mourning styles, with
ribbon and crepe borders. I and
"1 54 yards long.
At 50c are SUk Tuxedo Meshes with fancy
borders of chenlll* dots and clustered ef-
fects.
Other chiffons -with tucked ends, silk em-
broidered dots, velvet figures, hemstitched
and silk embroidered borders and narrow
. ribbon trimmings. Black, white, brown
and royal; 75c. $1.0O.. $1.25.. $1.90 and
$2-00.
New^ Neckwear, 50c— Silk stocks,
bishop tabs, trimmed with silk
braid, lace or silk medallions and
¦ fancy stitching. .
Fancy ¦ Turnovers^ — Silk scalloped
edges, with dainty embroidered
tab in' front.
Swiss Turnover Collars— Renais-
sance lace around the" edges;
some with lawn borders.
Stock Collars, with tucked centers.
Open work embroidered collar
and cuff sets.
fv HALE'S.
Children's Hats To-Day.
AH at $2.95.
We have trimmed up almost
a hundred of them specially for
to-day.
No two alike. .
And none that aren't worth at
least $5.00.
Plenty of colored sUk beavers
among them, trimmed with wide
satin ribbon, broad quills and aig-
rettes.'
And white hats — they go with
any color coat and are so becom-
ing. • $2-95- V^i .
Ribbon Opportunity.
The last one this week.
: THREE GRADES,
THREE PRICES.
3 x 3 c — No. 7 fancy striped ribbons
in every pretty shade. - .
12c — No. 22 double faced liberty
satin ribbon; red on one side,
white on the other. Two in one.
19c — Soft satin taffeta, imported.
Nearly 6 inches wide; cream, car-
dinal, pink, light blue, turquoise,
nile and black.
Now the Candy.
Jumbo Peanut Bars, xoc. The
quantity is indicated by the name.
The quality by the fact that they
are Hale's. '; &£>f
Molasses Chewing Peppermints aoc
lb. .They last all day; off and
on. Our new confection this
week is
Cream Sticks:
The outside Is a crisp shell; Inside Is
the most delicious cream. They are the
confectioner's latest triumph. Two fla-
vors — cinnamon and vanilla; 23c lb.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
We Have Received^
This Week
One Carload
Quarter Grand
I A SMALL BUT
PERFECT PIANO.
The Newest Creation of the
eldest Piano House In
I America. •
IBenj. Curtaz &Son
SOLE AGENTS.
16 to 20 OTarrell Street
(Branches — Kan Jos*. Fresno,'
Alameda, Stockton.
- APVEBTISEME1TTS. ',
i8«e©Qe©o©eo0O©o©«©a®oo«©®co9®®0©©o©*«o©««o<
! DOUBLE GREEN TRADING STAMPS
p GIVEN TO ALL PURCHASERS TO-DAY
I I SPECIAL SALE OF FALL RIBBONS
| i;;^ Newest and Most BeautifuLSraduated Colorings
| -.- 15c :¦'?.;¦< ¦-¦ ¦ : •"¦/lOo"-— '"S'' ; ¦.'-¦•.'- '-' 5c •'
I. - 11 II ¦¦'¦•• - II ; ' . 6000 YARDS FANCY II
SATIN TAFFETA il < • TAFFETA niBEON ; r.~ COLORED NOVELTY N
RIBBON; iVi Inches ? -3% Inches wide;. regu-H RIBBON.: For neck-fl
wide; 25c quality. '. ||. ' |lar 15c quality w- || || wear >and fancy work. |[ ;
| ~ STUNNING EFFECTS IN VEILING |
> t ' : . II.- 1MPORTKD CHlF-il SO<5 || FALL . MOURNING ll-
\ <¦' . ¦'^CS*-^ % FON, DRAPE VEILS; TSc DRAPE VEILS; Wide II
I 1% yards longs; all coUH ts./ borders; newest effects; H
|iv.t-v ; -; , |[orgj^5Qc_guarity. H 5j»l.\->V* Hl% yards leng. II
| | SUPERIOR HOSIERY SPECIALS
* ;; - in c • -' ; " ¦"""¦" : ¦-' t^ZMc' ¦¦'¦'-¦ ¦¦'¦¦-*'- 18c
I I CHILDREN'S A ¦ BICY- II || . ¦ ' || II LADIES' B LACK
» JCLE RIBBED HOSE; * I .LADIES'vB X. A C K|" LISLE HOSE; full fash-
J Hdouble heel. : toe -and J : • |HOSE; r- best wrrade;L; Uoned foot; double heel
9 Hknee. r ... |- . || spliced^ heel and' toe. || |[and_toe. ¦ q ¦
I | CORSETS^AT 75c ON THE DOLLAR |
9 A bettor chaaca to save won't offer itself affain this season. A splen-
\ did lot of : COKSETS to select , from— in a variety of all the popular style*.
f v I fl.OO » for j., our ?1.25 I I flJiO * for our . J1.75 • , ; ' I $2.OO .. for.- our • $2.23 1.
I .Corset. ; . ". <'•'• ¦ Corset. ' ',.'¦/ v . .. Corset.-? '• > ,
k» «1JS5 for VourV 11-60 - $ 1.75 -' for - our $2.00 • fSJSS for our $2.50
I I Corset. ¦¦'.*•'¦> ¦•¦ . ¦'¦' .- I f Corset. ' I r | Corset. ' I
j IMEUFIES: IN LEATHER GOODS
> 50c; ; 75c^;$ l;OO; :75c,V $ liOO:, '.25c.v 5Oc, 75c. '•
t^>r.v;:^andil|p^ ':;',. "A ' and Up; X" - / Upward to $3.00;
I 'I .... ¦ -.,.,-i.»-I.. ;» •»-.'¦,-•¦ I I ¦¦ .-¦-.- :•¦•¦; ¦ ¦"•:: -. ,'.'-j."^ I Latest;styles lnNOy-
S': A'U T OM O B I I/B .. C A R R I A" O B ' and .ELTY BELTS. - Mad*
\ '¦• BAGS i of » seal. S.walrus *, WRIST BAGS.: leather ¦ - • of ', Taffeta Silk; '6x1-
I' and -t morocco. 'i; Fitted -' or 'chain' handles.-*- **.- »-;" dlzed ¦ Buckle • front an/1
i with ' small - purse. - -V - ¦¦ | ». . -. '-• ": ' -¦ ¦*¦¦ '¦ •.*-.¦-¦-- • '-¦ \ "',_ ' 1 1 back. - " ' '
[ I HiGH^GRADE KNIT UNDERWEAR |
frCpl.OC/i all colors; excellent for ' ¦^V-'<-- SLEEVE , VESTS ;-«-
I. / | winter wear.. y ¦' I . - | tra heavy; fleece lined.
> 1 1 ¦ c* '( Don t> 1 1 to ri A ™ og * " b * au *^ 1 * 1 *" iortmwlt ®* ( x**? 3 ?? c 9 IiIl A 3as
tt tJLJoL IV vu vl VtU la all the new stTtnning 1 fall effects and desigrns.
* - They are certainly marvels of Taeauty and elegrance. Just think of ( tnese
J • VrioWjfttith^se1is<m'«lr«^]bearinnin8r. _ . ; : : r
E I ?5c, SliQP. SI.2J5, SI.50, S2.00 andUp~
I' "GREEN- 'TRADING f STAMPS "-GIVEN .^WITHi' '-.EVERT ¦* PURCHASE. ¦ SEND
\ : "FOR OUR FALL ANp^WINTER CATALOG. ' if . ' .
y :-.v attention: Ill H B I I\U Ul l|JU 1 1 .< Bet. Taylor »nd Joaes
ATVEETISEMEITTS.
I MISSION I
I FURNITURE I
I At 2Q96- Dl8C ? nrt 'i
S From Regular Prices. \
O We offer our entire line of <
| MISSrpNAND !
• WEATHERED OAK' J
S Dining-Room Furniture !
5 Bookcases \ <
S Desks |
8 Chairs \
% Tables, Etc. J
|Chas. M.Plum&Co. i
O Cor. 9ib and Market Sts. <
Ltindstrom-
; Hats
; Are the only hats sold In San Fran-
cisco that are manufactured in San
Francisco. All other hats ar* East-
ern hats, made 3300 miles from, our
city.
All things beln; equal, wouldn't
you jive the preference . to a home
production? Our hats are better
than the Eastern hats at the sam«
price. * Our $2 50 hat ts a. $3 00
' value and our $3 50 hat Is t 19
value. There's only one . profit
. added, that's why.'.
Try a California made hat.
Pacific Coast Hat
Works,
* Home .Makers of Union Hats.
1458 Market Street
-Opp. Central' Theater, and 60S
Kearny St.
liPi PARKER'S )
IHPI Balsam i
< Promotes tbe growth ot tho **»tr >TV * <
!; glve3 It tha lustra afldaUklnesa of yotita. |
! > Wfcen tbd « talr ts .gray or taded tt '
l! BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR.'
]| It preTent» Daadrair and hatr taQUsg <
i[ and keeps the scalp clean and Healthy. ;
Heart Disease
may;bc,rcured by strchlthenfng tf
i Heart- nerves; enriching tyic blood ar
improving the circulation^ivith p
Miles' Heart 'Curel •Safe.arid sur
hold on guarantee: .^t-nd postal fi.r fier k<»
on diseases • f the heart aad/nerTe* tod*
Dr. Mu.es* Mioical Covtlkhart. lad
Iu^*&$ W~ have not only every gocd idea in Clothing that has come out w^^^^^^^^ i
* ' iSf this s 621500 * but the assortment is so large that the youngsters 11*11 2
'$f$$ have a selection that can't be found elsewhere. Besides, a little "9$$ WM 1
fi&$$ money gets the same value here as a good ' deal provides in other | $fgf ' M^ 3
wjf stores, lhafs the Brown way of pleasing the people ands 36 years ill 1^ " S
0 &M of business has proven the Brown way is the only way. v. ' { f I Pi H
; ' BaU ftnd Bat Freo Witl1 Ever y '"' Open Saturd *7 /Nlglit "yTW- 10 '' 'fA <^^^^^^ S
Sailor Suits KNOW YOU'RE RSCHT 2-piece Suits |
S3.00 BY DRESSING AT $5^00 I
| AsesStolO O^^J^ dS\^#t Ages8tol6 |
* idAde of plain blue all-wool Wlm^r l-l^' « : Wl^.W^yjJJ"-. fKl/^ In aU " wo °^ f ancy qhevlotsj ijj
I serge; In blue serg« with «d WnOLCSALCiMIlII ItaI^I A M^^^'^^i^^^^^S^^^S!^ i
S b * j , . ,, •*'• I ly| I / Vl 1 \l rviDFrT Tf\ \ff\\t sptins; 1903 fall designs and ; 3
I silk trimmings; also in all- Q_QJfUnR5| 1)1 1, 111^1 liMl DIRECT TQYQ^ colorings. This is the^uit for 4 -
k wool cheviots, trisimed with -^.^ ****}&& i 1^1/ETT 621Y J AU .MAl!Tr AMCftV the boy and the most value for V
| Tarbite and black silk braid; &!$*- Wf A ilSlP I 3 |P C » 0W PlUN I uUFILKI the least money mothers will §•
I pants re-enforced throughout. %*M** VWl frtHUH-l ** ¦• ' 1V ' MWV11 V . ever find. ., |