VCLUME XCIV— NO. 101.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9,. 1903.
Tyenty-Four Pages.
fled to escape the murderous
Mussulmans.
ASTOUNDING fig
ures, indicating the
scope of Turkish fe
rocity, have been given out
from Bulgarian sources. It
is claimed that the numbers
of villagers massacred total
from 30,000 to 50,000,
while many thousands of
women, children and * old
men are starving in the
mountains, whither thev
PROMINENT NATIVE SONS AND DAUGHTERS IN SAN JOSE WHO "ARE OFFICIALLY IDENTIFIED WITH THE
GREAT CELEBRATION IN HONOR OF THE ANNIVERSARY y OF THE ' DAY '.ON ' WHICH CALIFORNIA
WAS ADMITTED TO THE UNION OF THE STATES. ' T&, -'¦'•¦ '¦*':} ' -
Continued on Page 2, Column 3.
Continued- on- Page'4,- Column'4.--
- } Continued on ¦ Page' 4, • Column* 2.
Murderer Dies in Electric Chair.
OSSINING. N. Y.. Sept. 8.— Patrick A.
Cor.kMn was put to death in the electric
chair at Sing Sing Prison early to-day.
Three shocks were given before the man
vas pronounced dead. Conklin shot and
mortally wounded his wife on June 10,
2302. at their home, W7 West Sixteenth
Etreet, New York City. The couple had
quarreled and separated several times.
DRUMMOND. Mont., Sept. 8.— Three
tramps, armed with revolvers. Invaded a
Northern Pacific freight train near here
last night and held up two ranch hands
who were stealing a ride.. The hands,
who were unarmed, showed fight, where
upon the tramps shot and killed one -and
seriously wounded the other. At Dram
niond they jumped from ¦ the train 'and
fled. The bodies of -their victims were
discovered by the crew.
Tramps Murder Ranch Hands.
SYRACUSE, Sept. 8.— John B. Miller,
charged with having threatened to kill
President Roosevelt,- was arraigned in the
Police Court this morning as a disorderly
person. District Attorney Barnum ap
peared against. him and wanted the. spe
cific charge of threatening the President's
life, entered, butf it was decided to wait
and. see what/develops, and in the mean
time hold the man.
(Miller is a physical -wreck and many
believe he ' Is * insane.
MILLER REMAINS IN JAIL
PENDING INVESTIGATION
or to the day recognized through
out-the* State 'as' the anniversary, of "the
one: on t which California, was. admitted
into the galaxy' of States. Simultaneous
ly the Natives 'of -Alameda left Alameda
for the 'Garden City.
'For' an hour before the time set for
the words "Forward, march," to be given
by Grand ,'Marshal W.E. Foley the head
quarters of . the Native Sons, on Mason
street, between Geary and Post, was
crowded,- the members, of. the various par
lors that -assembled- there, getting ready
to march to the several places assigned
them; on. Post street. On that thorough
fare the" many parlors with, field music
were' ; rushing here and there to assume
place In line.
* At ten minutes' after 8 o'clock the bugle
corps of one of the parlors sounded as
sembly.Vand' that was . the signal for the
man in a big red wagon to- send;. up, the
signal bomb, which burst high in the air.
Flve.minutes later the 'command to move
was 'given.- A platoon of native born po-
HE Native Sons of San Francisco
.. v - and -those of Marln County: left
• m' ¦ this city last night for the cele
"^^ ""*'*- bratioh city.'Sari Jose, to do hon-
The streets are thronged and a big ad
dition is expected on the early morning
trains. At 10:30 o'clock the parade will
be held. After this literary exercises will
take place in St. James Park, followed
by a band concert. Then a reign of jollity
and good cheer will follow until mid
night.- Most of the various parlors, and
there are over thirty of them, will keep
open house and entertain. At many of
the places there will be dancing and all
the headquarters will j have music and re
freshments. The Natives will all call on
thrown wide open and tens of
thousands ¦ of happy descendants of the
men of '49 have gathered to celebrate the
birthday, of their State. With red fire
and Roman candles they announced their
entry into the Garden City, and thousands
of the citizens of the - place postponed
their bed hour to • bid them welcome.
San Jose has had these celebrations be
fore. The city enjoys them, and the citi
zens and local* parlors always extend a
royal -welcome to 'the guests. .
JAN JOSE, > Sept. 8.— San Jose to
night is in the hands of a rollick
ing crowd . of Native Sons and
Daughters. Her gates have been
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The engineer slowed up, but backed
away as soon as he could. Three men
concealed in the bushes jumped out and
ran for the train, but goon fell behind.
The crew procured arms and returned
and threw the ties to one side, after
which the express went through unmo
lested.
STEVENSVILLE, Mont.. Sept 8.— A
bold attempt to hold up the Bitter Root
express just east of here this morning
vas frustrated by the vigilance of the
crew. A pile of ties had been placed on
the tracks.
Discovers Obstructions Placed on
tiie Track by Desperadoes and
Promptly Backs Away.
VIGILANCE OF ENGINEER
PREVENTS TRAIN ROBBERY
Reception ; at J\[ight
in Santa Clara
Valley.
Police and Troops
, Serve as the
:'v Escort.
Departing Parlors
Cheers of
Crowds.
San Jose Welcomes
Merrymaking
Guests.
Grand Marshal Foley . was on' board the
first train. A' procession was immediately
formed and the escort of the parlors to
their headquarters was taken up. a squad
of mounted officers led; the line. Grand
Marshal Foley; and- his ; aids followed;
The local. parlors escorted a. carriage, con
taining- Grand President McNo'ble, L.^F.
Bylngton- and D.-M.-, Burnett, \who ;¦: will
take part; In -the i literary exercises. '•: .;!>
The grand officers "of the order followed
on foot. A bafid' preceded, companies 2a
arid'G," First'.' Regiment/" N. G. C.; .': ; I
MARCH TO HEADQUARTERS.
The local parlors met the. trains .'at- the
depot. San Jose, Observatory and Palo
Alto parlors of this city left the Natives
Sons' Hall at 10 o'clock. Theywereheaa-
l ed by the Fifth Regiment band. Edward
Young acted as marshal. %^>'J - ., .
. The big excursion strain- did not- begin
to arrive until 11 o'clock and. It 'was! {After
midnight when the final sections came Ah.
These brought the parlors '*, from _San
Francisco, Oakland' and /Alameda. "The
delegations from Santa Cruz and adjoin
ing towns arrived earlier in the. day. Be
tween 5000 and ¦ 7000 - arrived on^ the .* late*,
trains. .¦-'..-.' :
one another, extend the glad hand and
promise to meet 1 again at . the next'Ad
mission day celebration. ' # ¦ :.".* j ' /¦ . jj
GRAND PRESIDENT . ARRIVES.';
The first train of 'Natives arrived about
8 o'clock this evening. Grand President
H. R. McNoble, and. John Grady, a grand
president and the oldest senior, president
in the State,; were on board." Rlncon Par
lor and part of Pacific Parlor arrived' at
that time. Pacific .Parlor had' arranged
a moonlight- excursion to Alum 'Rock
Park and at once took the "electric"-' cars
for that resort. A'lunch.wlth muslc^and
song whlled away the time at the park.*
'"J.' W. ' Gossard, founder of the Higher
Practical . Educational Society, who has
taken. an interest In Dr. Fannecy's case,
is satisfied that*k great deal has been ac
complished by the treatment He is so
enthusiastic over the possibilities that he
contemplates equipping a hospital for the
treatment of drug victims.
All that his self-torture has accom
plished, he says, is to eliminate all
traces* of morphine from his system and
do away with^his desire for the drug.
While it is no loncer craved as a neces
sity it would be easier to resume the
habit than for a stranger to the drug to
fall into its use.
CHICAGO. Sept. 8.— Dr. G. W. Fannecy
at 5 o'clock this afternoon took his final
dose of treatment after a week spent In
a cage at the People's Hospital, a raving
madman as the result' of powerful medi
cines self-administered to cure a craving
for morphine. After his final treatment
Dr. Fannecy emerged from the cage and
enjoyed a bath and his first "square"
meal for a. week. The physician ,was more
rational- to-day, than he had been since
he began the .ordeal. He declared the
cure /was complete, although he will have
to spend some time In the hospital, un
dergoing constitutional treatment to
build him up. :
Scectal Dispatch to The Call.
- DENVER, Sept. S.— The officers of the
Department of Colorado are very anx
ious regarding the situation in the Uin
tah Indian Reservation. Owing to stories
of If dden mineral wealth in the reserva
tiot J a number of prospectors and set
tlers have gone there. The Indians re
eented their presence, as the reservation
is not to be thrown open for a year. The
Indian Agent applied to General Baldwin
tor troops and fourteen men unrier a lieu
tenant were ordered from Fort Wasakai.
The distance is more than 200 miles and
there are no railroads. The soldiers are
row on the way and nothing has been
heard from them since they started.
for Troops.
Indians Resent the Presenca of Pros
pectors and Agent Applies
TROUBLE IS FEABED
ON A RESERVATION
Chicago Doctor
Uses Heroic
Treatment.
The Chinese were turned over to the
Canadian Pacific to be carried back to
Vancouver and shipped to China". When
they reached Montreal they were stopped
by writs of habeas corpus made return
able in the Canadian court at that place
on Thursday of this week. This action
was instituted by persons In the "United
States interested in bringing the Chinese
into this country. It is contended that
the agreement entered into by the rail
road company is Uiegal. If the Chinese
are admitted on evidence of naturaliza
tion, which the officials, believe will' be
manufactured, Sargent will recommend
that every port alongthe Canadian bor
der be closwwi to Chinese.
Recently seventeen Chinese were denied
admission at Malone, N. Y., and Rich
ford. Vt. They professed to have been
born In the United States, but offared no
evidence In support of their claim.
Commissioner General of Immigration
Sargent concluded several months ago an
agreement with the Canadian Pacific
Railroad Company by which the company
undertook to transport in bond all Chi
nese arriving at Vancouver, destined for
United States ports, and to deliver, them
to Immigration officials at the port at
which they intended to enter this coun
try. If any such Chinese are denied ad
mission the railroad company, under its
agreement, is bound to return them to
China.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Sept. 8.— All United
States ports along the Canadian border
may be closed against Chinese, whether
citizens of the United States and entitled
to entry or not, if habeas corpus proceed
ings now pending In Montreal be decided
adversely to the United States immigra
tion official!.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Invasion by Way
of Canada to
Cease.
SOFIA, Bulgaria. Sept 8.— All reports
from the vilayet of Monastir agres
in describing the situation as ap
palling. Between 30,000 and 30.000 Bulga
rian inhabitants are believed to have
been massacred by the Turks and every
Bulgarian village in the vilayet ha3 been
destroyed. The refugees in the mountains
and forests are dying of starvation by
thousands.
At present it Is impossible to obtain
precise figures. The revolutionary head
quarters estimate that 30,000 Bulgarian
men, women and children have been
killed, while at least the same number of
refugees are slowly perishing: of hunger.
In official circles these figures are regard
ed as an underestimate and officials in
cline to the belief that the number of
the massacred exceeds 50.0CO. The Turk3
are apparently determined to extermlnata
the entire Bulgarian population of th©
vilayet. The actual details of the hap
penings outside the towns are not avail
able. The foreign representatives at
Monastir are dependent on information
supplied to them from Turkish official
sources.
BULGARIA EXPECTS ATTACK.
In Government circles here the situa
tion is viewed with increasing alarm. It
is reliably reported that the Turkish
forces in Macedonia number 33,000. It is
considered Impossible that such a forco
could have assembled merely to crush
the rebellion. It is feared that the Sultaa
is meditating an attack on Bulgaria.
According to a telegram from Constan
tinople, the Porte has issued an uncondi
tional order that all European corre
spondents must leave Macedonia, because
they are circulating false news. The Em
bassadors have been notified of this de
cision.
The latest report regarding Boris Sara
foff, the Macedonian leader, say3 he was
wounded In the leg near Dairene.
The Macedonian Interior organization
estimates that 150,000 women, children
and old men are hiding In the mountains
and forest3 of Macedonia. The Turks are
burning the forests in the districts of
Leron and Kosbro and killing fugitives
who attempt to escape to the plains.
CAST CAPTIVES INTO FIRE.
The Vlach village of Gopesh. three
hours* distant from Monastir. has been
burned by the Turks, who are reported
to have thrown several of the Inhabitants
into the fire. The Bashl-Bazouks have
destroyed the village of Stoilovo.
Thirteen thousand Turkish soldiers are
assembled on the frontier near Pa'.anka,
Kratovo and Gobshanl and are plunder
ing the surrounding villages. The peopla
have not complained, fearing that they
will be murdered. In the district of De
britsl. vilayet of Monastir. the soldiers
CURES HIS
CRAVING FOR
MORPHINE
MAY CLOSE
ALL PORTS
TO CHINESE
SALONICA, Sept. 8.—
Twelve battalions of
Turkish troops are re
ported to have surrounded
a large revolutionary band
near Ostrove, thirty miles
from Monastir. Fighting
is proceeding. The revo
lutionaries have taken up
a position near Lake Ania
tove in the vilayet of
Constantinople. Turkish
troops are now said to be
attacking them.
"It will thus be seen that in deference
tc the objections of the other powers the
snore objectional features of the demands
tnade by M. Planchon (who was recently
Russian Charge d'Affaires in Peking)
have been omitted, and while Russia sur
renders no material advantage she has
grained time and can rest content that
China will never act in any way coun
ter to M. Planchon's demands. She also
Eaves the face of China, which will ac
cept the altered conditions with alacrity.
Russia further hopes thereby to pacify
Japan's resentment by apparently acced
ing to her wishes while retaining abso
lute military control of the country and
hoping now to be able to push to com
pletion undisturbed her military prepara
tions."
PARIS, Sept. 8.— A dispatch from Mar
seilles to La Presse asserts that the Gov
ernment has requisitioned ail the steam
ers oa the Fax Eastern service of the
Mesageries Maritimes and Chargeurs
Reunis companies for the conveyance o*
a large number of troops of all arms and
a Quantity of supplies. The dispatch adds
that this step confirms the report that a
critical situation prevails In China.
LONDON. Sept 8.— The Peking corre
spondent of the Times telegraphs that M.
Ltssar. the Russian Minister, in his note
to the Wai Wu Pu engaging that New
chwang and Moukden province should be
evacuated by the Russians on October
S, undertook that China shall be permit
ted to resume administrative rights In
the three provinces of Manchuria, pro
vided that on her part China undertakes
that no portion cf the territory shall be
conferred to any other power; that no
concession shall be granted to Great Brit
ain unless granted equally to Russia (this
js uutcure and requires confirmation) ;
that there shall be no increase in the
present tariff on poods entering Man
churia by the railway; that In the event
of an epidemic at Newchwang a Russian
health cfScer shall be appointed to deal
with it; that Russia shall retain her own
military telegTaph along the railway, and
that the agencies of the Russo-Chinese
bank in Manchuria Ehall be guarded by
Chinese EOldiers.
If these conditions are agreed to. New
chwang and Moukden shall be evacuated
en October 8 and the remainlngr prov
inces in due course.
The correspondent commenting on the
foregoing, says:
New Agreement Strengthens
Russia's Hold Upon
Manchuria.
Arranging for the Dis
patch of Military
Forces.
PREPARING
FOR CLASH
IN ORIENT
France Is Making
Requisition for
Transports.
NATIVE SONS AND DAUGHTERS GATHER IN THE GARDEN CITY
TO COMMEMORATE JOYOUSLY THE GOLDEN STATE'S BIRTHDAY
THOUSANDS
VICTIMS OF
MASSACRE
Appalling Scope
of Turkish
Atrocity.
Sultan Orders Corre
spondents to Leave
Macedonia.
Imperial Troops and Mace
donians in Battle Near
Monastir.
Twenty-Four Pages.
PRICE FIYB CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.From Thirty to Fifty Thousand Macedonians Fall
Victims to the Murderous Mussulmans.
VIEW OF AND ONE OF THE AMERICAN "BUILDINGS JN^THE ASSYRIAN CITY. WHERE, UNDER THE GUNS
"' OF ADMIRAL COTTON'S UNITED STATES WARSHIPS, MUSSULMANS AND CHRISTIANS HAVE EN
ez> GAGED IN DEADLY CONFLICTS , ON THE STREETS./ S . •
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
DANVILLE. 111., Sept 8.-Judge
Thompson to-day refused. a new trial to
the convicted rioters and -sentenced them
to the Chester Penitentiary, "except Bessie
Armstrong, who was 'sent to JciieL
Mob Leaders Sentenced.
BRUSSELS. Sept. 8.— The Patrlote «ays
the Congo Free State administration has
ordered a number of armor turrets and
Krupp guns for defense of the forts in
the State, and adds' that twenty-four
Italian guns were recently dispatched to
the Congo.
Strengthens Defense of Forts.
LIMA, Peru, Sept. 8.— Senor Candamo
to-day was installed as President of the
republic. The House ! of Congress, in
which the function took place, and also
the adjacent streets were thronged with
people, who raised enthusiastic "vivas"
for the new President. ' : w ¦'".
New President of Peru Is Installed.
The Minister called on Secretary Hay
during* the day. and gave him the' con
tents of his dispatch.
Late to-night the Minister received a
dispatch from. Constantinople character
izing as . "absolutely false" the published
reports that there was no security In Con
stantinople and of massacres and the set
ting fire to houses In Roumania. This
dispatch was in reply to one sent by the
Minister calling the. attention of his Gov
ernment to the reports of this character.
Another dispatch received to-night saya
"WASHINGTON, Sept. 8.— A cablegram
from the Turkish Foreign Office" to Che
kib Bey, the Turkish Minister here, gives
the following: version or the trouble at
Beirut on Sunday, ' reported by Admiral
Cotton in his dispatch to th© Navy De
partment: / "\ - ? ; :
Some "Christians of the city of Beirut at
tacked four Musselmans and during the I meleo
which- followed four persona were injured.
Three of these were BOldlers. Two persona
are dead, one of whom la also a soldier. ¦
Official Turkish Account of the Af
. fair in Beirut.
BLAMES THE CHRISTIANS.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind:, Sept. 8.-The ef
fort to Extradite James Lynchehaun,
known here as Thomas "Walsh, the Irish
fugitive, was transferred to-day from the
United States Commissioner's Court to
the United States Circuit Court, and
Judge Francis E. Baker of that court will
on Thursday morning hear evidence.
Should the court hold that Lynchehaun
is the alleged Irish refugee and escaped
from Maryborough Prison, to which he
was sentenced for life for assault and
battery on his landlady, and should the
court hold that Lynchehaun may be taken
to New York to appear for trial before
the Federal Commissioner there, the case.
It is announced by Lynchehaun's attor
neys, will be appealed to the Supreme
.Court of the United States.
LYNCHEHAUN'S ATTORNEYS
PUT UP STUBBORN FIGHT
If Necessary They Will Appeal Case
to the United States -Su
- preme Court.
MAGELSSEN A BRAVE MAN.
Details of Attacks Upon the Ameri
can Vice Consul.
BERLIN, Sept. 8.— The Egyptian Ga
zette, published In Alexandria, Egypt,
has published details regarding the re
cent attack upon United States Vice Con
sul Magelssen.' It says Magelssen was
riding home In a hired carriage In the
evening when, on passing a street near
the Bas Beirut (a headland about three
miles below Beirut, on which stand the
buildings of the American mission), he
heard sounds of pistol firing. He turned
about to see whence the shots came and
a bullet whizzed past his face.
The Vice Consul at once had the car
riage stopped and jumrjed out to discover
hl3 assailant, but could see no one. The
following day he went to the Govern
ment office, where he met the Italian
Consul and the Austrian Consul, who had
come to complain about burglaries to
their houses.
The Governor ordered an Investigation
of the attack on Magelssen, but the only
result was the arrest of a young Chris
tian" who had attended a marriage on the
previous night and . In whose possession
was found a toy pistol. The American
Vice Consul Indignantly refused to accept
the arrest of this man and decided to
visit his brother-in-law, the American
Consul .General, who was staying In the
mountains to the north of Beirut. :
The Egyptian Gazette mentions that
three months previously Magelssen was
attacked by men in Turkish uniforms,
but whom by his strength he put- to
flight: The paper adds that It is very
dangerous for Europeans to appear on
the streets of Beirut at night. Murder
and pillage are daily occurrences and
many families have moved to Egypt.
WASHINGTON GETS FACTS.
Adpiral Cotton and Minister Leish
man Report on Beirut Tragedy.
WASHINGTON,' Sept. 8.— The Navy De
partment has received the following ca
blegram from Admiral Cotton, dated at
Beirut, September 7:
Violence and bloodshed between Mohamme
dans and native Christians occurred at Beirut
on Sunday. Six Greek Christians, two Mo
hammedans and one Turkish soldier were
killed, and three Greek Christians, three Mo
hammedans and three Turkish soldiers woundr
ed seriously. Other murders are reported. A
flag lieutenant and : the UAtted States Consul
were present on Sunday ' and Monday In the
aisturbed quarter and verify details of this
statement. The Turkish Government willing
ly afforded facilities for their Investigation and
promise 1000 more . Turkish ¦soldiers. The
Turkish soldiers present are sufficient if prop
erly disposed of to handle the situation at Bel
rut. '-¦ The city is well patrolled and all was
quiet Sunday night and to-day (Monday). The
Turkish Government promlst* to do all in Its
power to restore order. Business is suspend
ed. I have prepared to land a force for the
protection of the property of American citi
zens If the situation demands. Will act with
caution.
The last sentence of Admiral Cotton's
cablegram Is unintelligible and the cipher
experts at the Navy /Department worked
all .the morning to . translate it. Copies
of the report were sent at once to the
President and to . the State Department.
The State Department has received a
cablegram from Minister Leishman in
Constantinople, in which he says that a
Any interference on the part of the powers
seems past graying for. Russia and Germany
are urging the Sultan to adopt more vigorous
methods of repression, while the other powers
have apparently no advice to offer and content
thems-lvt-s with the attitude of disinterested
Epectators.
LONDON, Sept. 9.— The Sofia corre
spondent of the Times says the insur
gents have laid up large stores of provis
ions in the mountains and even contem
plate a winter campaign.. The suffering
to the women and children thereby en
tailed would be appalling, but the insur
gent leaders believe that the Ill-clad
Turkish troops will suffer more- than
themselves, owing to thel rinablllty to
obtain supplies in a devastated country
wkh interrupted communications. He
continues:
Joint Interference in the Balkans
t Seems Distant.
POWERS DOING NOTHING.
Numerous Bulgarian prisoners have
been brought to Monastir. Twenty Bul
garians who had been exiled were
marched off, connected by heavy chains
about their necks and ankles.
Famine prevails in the district of
Krushevo and the population is going
into the adjacent districts.
HORRIBLE TURKISH MURDERS.
Private letters received from European
residents In Monastir give harrowing de
tails of the situation in that vilayet. Des
titute Bu!garian refugees who are arriv
ing dally in Monaatir relate almost' in
credible tales of Turkish cruelty. Sixty
families recently arrived there from Sml
lefo, which place was totally destroyed.
The refugees saw a husband and wife
sitting in the ruins of their home, when
a Turkish soldier slashed off the man's
head and threw it into the woman's lap.
The soldiers found a servant girl and
several children hiding In a ditch. They
outraged the girl and slaughtered the
children.
are reported to be naked and starving
and to be robbing all around.
The general staff of the insurgents has
issued a circular ordering the bands not
to molest the peaceful Turks and Alban
ian villagers. The order concludes:
"There will always be plenty of time to
take 6uch measures."
riot occurred on Sunday at Beirut, in
which seven Christians were killed and
several wounded. Two houses occupied
by Christians were pillaged by the sol
diers. The panic was general..
Leishman says that the origin of the
trouble is not distinctly stated by our
Consul. He further says that it Is
claimed by the Sublime Porte that con
ditions in Beirut are again quiet and that
the force now there is sufficient to guar
antee the safety of the city. Additional
Instructions have been sent to Minister
Leishman along the lines of those already
forwarded to him, looking to the protec
tion of American citizens.
that thirty-one Bulgarian brigands wero
killed in the vicinity of Resne (Monastir)
and forty others on a farm at Fiorina.
A band of rebels entrenched on. a small
elevation at LapRchlck was dispersed.
The Pontiff published to-day his first
official document, consisting of a letter
addressed to Cardinals Vannutelli, Ram
polla, Ferriata and Vives y Tuto, con
firming their appointment by Pope L*o as
a commission to commemorate the fiftieth
anniversary of the dogma of the Immac
ulate conception. .The letter, which Is
very brief, is followed by a prayer to the
Virgin Mary, which will acquire import
ance as being the first to beat the signa
ture of Pius X:
"How bie it is! Beppi should not feel
he is a prisoner. But how he can be
bothered with all these soldiers and offi
cials we cannot see."
The permanent apartment near the San
Angelo bridge will be ready shortly.
It has been, announced .that Pius X
would publish to-day his first encyclical
addressed to the Catholic hierarchy and
people throughout the world, but this was
Incorrect.
In the convent where the Pope's sisters
are stopping they are treated with great
respect and attention, having their meals
served in their own dining-room and not
being allowed to do anything for them
selves.
Speaking of the Vatican, one of the
sisters said:
ROME. Sept. 8.— The three sisters of
Pope Pius X, who lived with him In Ven
ice and who arrived here yesterday, have
not found in Rome quite what they ex
pected. -Not that tney had any' formulated
desires; but.the sisters thought they could
not fail to be certain Qf -resuming their
intimate relation* with; the Pontiff, while
to their unaccustomed eyes all is for
mality. They shrunk from the curious
glances cast at them this morning when
they went out. The sisters, however,
could see no beauty in the" ruins, having
scarcely heard of them. What they liked
host were thp electric streetcars and the
new, wide streets, so different from the
narrow lanes of Venice.
Fail to See Any. Beauty in the
Ruins, but Electric Streetcars
Please Them.
SISTERS OF THE POPE
MAKE A TOUR OF ROME
The National Zeitung says:
It can 1* seen how seriovs it is. In view of
th» txciitment in the Near East, to spread
Incorrect cr bad translations of cipher reports.
Blames the United States for the
Fighting in Beirut.
BERLIN. Sept. 9.— The newspapers this
morning, in commenting on Sunday's out
break at Beirut, throw the blame for the
occurrence on the United States. The
Lokal Anzeiger says:
Now that the Americans have their dead
they will make Inquiry whether they were
responsible for th» effervescence In Relrut. By
the um.receJenteu action of their Minister In
Constantinople and their naval demonstration
the yearning jf th3 Uaitel States to mix up In
Europ-an pclltica hns found e^rne justification.
GERMAN PRESS VITRIOLIC.
It is understood here that Turkey Is
anxious to induce the United States to
withdraw the American warships from
Turkish waters, believing that such ac
tion would discourage the Christians,
who hope for American Intervention, and
the Pcrte is now expected to make con
cessions in compliance with the American
representations.
Great Britain's refusal to assent to the
Russian and Austrian proposal that the
powers take coercive diplomatic action at
Sofia with the aim of severing the rela
tions now existing between Bulgaria aria
the Macedonian insurgents Is traced to
her unwillingness to take a step which
might have unforeseen consequences.
Britain's refusal is not definite, and if all
the powers can see their way clear to
adopt the Russo-Austrian proposal she
will participate in the coercion of Bul
garia. It is semi-offlcially stated here
that Italy is willing: to agree to the pro
posal mentioned in the dispatches from
Berlin, but that the consent of France is
doubtful.
LONDON. Sept. 8.— A dispatch to a
news agency from Constantinople says
the Turkish Government is preparing a
circular to the powers calling attention
to the attitude of Bulgaria and declaring
the Intention of the Government to pur
sue armed Bulgarian bandits in Macedon
ia and even into Bulgarian territory.
Official diplomatic circles here regard
the conflict between Mussulmans and
Christians at Beirut as evidence of the
development of hostile feeling throughout
Turkey, as a result of the Macedonian
revolt. This is borne out by the threat
ening uprising in Smyrna. A high Turk
ish official said:
The Christians at Flelrut have -been greatly
encouraged by the appearance of the American
scjuadWn. the presence of which could not be
renamed sympathetically by the Mohammedan
population, because It had come, hot to pay a
friendly call, but to enforce demands.
Turks to Cross Border in Pursuit of
Revolutionaries.
WILL INVADE BULOAJRIA.
The" presence of the United States
cruisers Brooklyn and San Francisco at
IJcirut is regarded as a fortunate circum
stance. It is expected that a number of
other for«"iKn warship? will gather there.
The official repcris show that Beirut
is one of three places which are now
center* of great animation. Smyrna,
which hitherto had been comparatively
cuiet, is on the eve of en outbreak.
Great excitement prevails there: The au
thorities are in constant fear of an out
break, but fortunately they have been
able thus far to prevent an 'encounter be
tweta the Christians and^Mussulmans.
The Salonlea advices are again very dis
quieting. It is expected that a general
revolt throughout the Province of Saloni
ca will occur next week. It is the under
ftanding among the foreign officials in
Falonica that a general insurrection will
Fhortly be announced by the Macedonian
committee. In view of this expectation
rigid police measures have been taken by
the Vali, who is showing much energy.
Reports from Monastir say the Insur
rection in that district has been practically
crushed by the extreme measures taken
by the Turkish troops.
The officials here attach significance to
the report showing that a number of
Zerbcs have crossed the border and
joined the Macedonian revolutionists.
Reports from various points throughout
Bulgaria Fhow there is a strong feeling
egainst Prince Ferdinand, owing to the
fact thnt he left the country during the
PARIS. S;-pt. S.-^A Constantinople dis
patch to the Temps giving additional de
tails of the outbreak at Beirut fcays that
¦when the soldifrs and police sought to
etop the t-nrour.ter between the Mussul
mans find Christians, the lighting became
frer.cral and resulted in thirty persons
Uir.g killed or grounded. The soldiers
lot one man killed and three wounded.
The trouble, the Temps correspondent
jifiiis, began during the evening of Sep
tember 5 v.hcn three Christians were as-
BuminmteA in the etrcets and continued
< n Sunday night, when a Christian was
Ftabbcd ly a Mussulman.
Cause of the Beirut Outbreak.
AEsasrinations of Christians the
MUSSULMANS TO BLAME.
Berlin Advices Indicate That Two
Separate Outbreaks Occurred.
BERLIN, S<pt. 6.-A dispatch to the
Lokal Anzeigcr from Constantinople says
thirty Christians, among them being sev
eral Europeans, were killed during the
rioting at Beirut. The Fore'gn Office here
has received no news tending to contlrm
the report published by the Lokal An
xeiger.
Later in the day the Foreign Office re
ct-ived a dispatch from Constantinople,
saying that ten persons were killed dur
inff the recent disorders In Beirut, at
about the time the United States warships
arrived there, but the Foreign Qflice here
lines no connection between the two
events. Among the killed was an Amer
ican.
THIBTY CHBISTIANS KILLED.
These figures are evidently incorrect, as
the rioters must have lost more heavily
than the military.
The British Consul at Beirut immediate
ly after the riot called upon the Vali and
threatened to ask FU-ar Admiral Cotton
to land marines from the American squad
ron in the event of the renewal of dis
turbances.
In official circles here the disturbances
ere attributed to the arrival of the Amer
ican squadron and the be'-ief is expressed
that the Christians at Beirut are endeav
oring to bring about the landing of ma
rines from the warships.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 8.— A
consular dispatch from Beirut, re
ceived at one of the embassies
here, etatea that a fierce brawl occurred
there on the night of September 6 be
tween parties of Mussulmans and Chris
tians. It was due to a shot fired by a
Mussulman upon a Christian employed at
the American College. The Christian was
wounded. The fig-ht broke out while Vali
was on the United States cruiser Brook
lyn, returning Admiral Cotton's visit. In
diplomatic circles here the affair is re
garded as being serious and a renewal of
the disturbances is feared.
An official version of the Beirut affair
telegraphed to the Ottoman Kmbassadors
abroad for communication to the powers
pays that the Christians were the assail
ants, they having fired upon four Mus
tulmans. A fight ensued, during which
Mussulman? anJ Christians came to the
a^elstance of their respective compatriots.
They, says the report, compelled ..the
troops to Intervene and the latter suc
ceeded in rtHtoring order. Three soldiers
¦Rere wounded and one was killed, while
one Christian was killed and one wound
ed.
crisis. It Is not expected, however, that
the agitators will succeed In carrying out
their plots against his life.
Mussulmans Attack-Beirut
Christians and Marines
May Land.
MASSACRE UNDER THE GUNS OF AMERICAN WARSHIPS
Whole of Lebanon
May Rise in
Revolt.
Turkish Excesses
to Be Met in
jDwina.
EONDON, . Sect . . 9. — Everything
seems ; to., point to new. and ter
rible . developments - in Macedonia.
On. top of the appalling accounts of the
results of the- Turkish methods, of "re
storing, order" In the vilayet of Monastir
comes the. threat by thie insurgents to
resort to reprisals on the same scale.
The Porte's anxiety to suppress news
by expelling newspaper correspondents
i from the area of operations is held to
have but one 'meaning. This morning'3
papers comment upon the significance of
the news that Russia and Austria are
seeking to persuade the powers to coerce
Bulgaria, a3 showing a belief that war
i3 inevitable.
No further news regarding the out
break at Beirut haa been received here.
A dispatch to the Standard from Con
stantinople, dated Sunday, says:
The Turks are much disturbed by the pres
ence of. the American warships at Beirut and
are making every effort to have them recallco.
In spite of all assertions that the United States
lnteuds to be represented there only for th«j
purpose of protecting the Interests of her citi
zens. It is quite possible that the dispatch of
the warships may initiate action leading much
further.
RUSSIAN SHIPS TO MOVE.
The same correspondent, telegraphing
under Monday's date on receipt of the
news of the Beirut outbreak, says:
With the slightest encouragement disorders
might result in the whole of Lebanon rising in
revolt. To-day had been foretold as the day
of a rising against the foreigners, and many
residents of Constantinople are keeping to their
houies. Personally I doubt wether there will
be anything more than dynamite outrages,
which are pretty sure to be attempted betcre
long.
The Dally Telegraph's correspondent at
St. Petersburg says he is assured on ex
cellent authority that Russia, when she
submits proposals to the Porte for the
pacification of Macedonia, contemplates
the dispatch of her Black Sea squadron
to Turkish waters, where it wfll make a
much longer stay than recently, in order
to overcome the Sultan's objections to
her recommendations.
The Sofia-correspondent of the Morning
Leader says' that by the end of the week
the insurgents will have received a large
accession of weapons. Thirty thousand
rifles are being smuggled In to them from
all sides and when these have been re*
celved the real fighting: will begin.
A Monastir dispatch to the Daily Mail,
dated September 6, says the great mili
tary drive In the mountains to the south
west of Monastir toward Lake Prespa by
a force of 3000 Turkish Infantry, with
twelve euns, resulted In the escape of
all the revolutionary bands. Though the
latter were practically surrounded, not
one was captured. The correspondent con
tinues: '
HINT TO JOUHN.AXISTS.
Vice Consul McGregor tells me that the Porte
has informed Hilmi Pasha that It has received
a threat from the Macedonian committee that
the insurgents Intend to murder a British Con
sul or a Journalist or an American missionary.
Vice Consul McGregor notified the Turkish au
thorities that he would hold them responsible
for any murder by either the Turks or the
Bulgarians. In my opinion, this Is nothing but
a gentle hint to the British Journalists who
are exposing the. massacres,
A Sofia dispatch to the . Dally Mail,
dated September 8, says the revolution
ary committee to-morrow will issue to th«
representatives of the powers a circular
note forewarning them of coming 1 events.
The note is Intended to Justify the future
actions of the insurgents and will point
to the probable total extermination of
the Christians as necessitating the em
ployment of the same atrocious measures
by the revolutionaries against the Turks,
and will -contend that the responsibility
for such desperate acts will rest with the
powers.
Santa Fe Raises Wages.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Sept. 8.— The Santa
Fe Company announces to-day a wage In
crease of 2 cents per nour for boiler
makers, machinists and blacksmiths at all
the shops on the system proper between
Chicago and Albuquerque. This means
an Increased expenditure by the company
of $100,000 yearly.
THE; SAN .FBANCISCO CALI>, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1903.
2
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
Brigiifs Disease and
Diabetes News.
A Californian in Italy. •
San Francisco, Sept. 7, 1003.
Theodore BacigaJupi of 1000 Union
street, prominent in the Italian colo-
ny of this city, has returned from a
trip to Europe. He was in his native
city, Genoa, Italy, nearly a year,
where he learned that a friend of his
by the name of Ccntenaro. who is the
purchasing agent in Genoa of the
Compagne Generale Italiano. one of
the largest steamship companies of
Europe, had Diabetes. Both Cente-
naro and his physician believed he
was incurable until ' Bacipalupi told
him of the Fulton Compounds. They
were sent from this city, and, to the
surprise of the patient and his physi-
cian, he began promptly to improve,
the physician noting with great interest
E'*-e decline of the sugar and the
adual restoration. When Mr. Baci-
p-lupi left the cure was complete. An-
othef patient, a wealthy man. wanted
to go on the treatment, but there be-
ing only enough on hand for one
case, it was not divided, but more is
now on the way to Dr. Alfredo Bas-
teri of Genoa for this and other cases.
The doctor is a relative of Mr. Baci-
calupi and is well known, havinjj been
Vice-Ma.yor of Struppa, Genoa. And
:hus the news that Bright's Disease
»nd Diabetes are now curable is fil-
:ering through the world. Fulton's
Renal Compound for Bright's Dis-
tase, $1; for Diabetes, $1,550. Jno. J.
fulton Co., 409 Washington street,
jan Francisco, sole compounder.
»cnd for literature.
AD V'KRTTS f.; m vm xS. I
SICK HEADACHE j
is jreneraUy cansid by
CONSTIPATION
BixiorrssrESS aztd
LITXS TBOUUUS.
I Either is Qnicil7 B«I2ertd «4
I 7ennazL«atly Cored fcy
THE BOSS — Half a gla*s in the
mornla? gives prompt sad pl«M-
! ant relief.
, x=^^^ ¦
: Doat ba tricked by asscrnpnlcu
drufffflrts with worthless sabst>
tutes. ,
! _^
Pure, Pale and Sparkling. Bottled |
Only at the Brewery in St. Louis, fl
SOLD EVERYWHERE. 6
HJLtirlrU 1 MERCANTILE CO.. El
Pacific feast Agents. JM
S^^«^«A^O^^^O^k^ed^«^^^^^^.0
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF ANATOMY?
A © M51 SA2XS? ST. tit 3:U7t5, Z.T.C1L A
\ M( T!ke La/?nt Anatomical Muteum in the X
7 flES" f5) faow >nl'l«»ly raw) l hy the oldest T
© /VO^S cn ::ie <-»¦*«- !-%¦- -S years. Q
d.Q^&l Da - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEH A
\ f fJwSB Conniltatioo fin? ar.d itrktty prirjtt. \
A a Jd& n Tr»a:nier)t personally or by :rT:er. A g
\ R ff lln foftn* CWtiatTery cue undertaken. \
nri II A Write for Book. PniLOtOPBT «f A
V II IT MAnnMCE. MAILS3 PKES. (AY
' Jk n #L valuable book for mrtt > \
Y D&JOBD1S Jk CO.. 1051 Market St.S. F. V
J^ Those safferin? from weak-
¦¦r nesses which sap the. pleasures
" ¦ a of life should take Juven Pilla.
til One battle will tell a otory of
marvelous results. This medirio* haa more
rejuvenating, vitalizing: force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain packags
onlv on receipt of this adv. ana $L
Made by its originators C. I. Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's Sarsaparilla. LowelL Mass.
T> T3 TT C XJ 17 C FOR EARBER3. BA-
ft r\ 11 OXlJ-lWJ kerB « bootblacks, batli-
WllUWUUW housct. billiard Ubles.
br«wer». bookbinders, candy-makers, cacners.
dyers, flour mill*, foundries, laundries. pape>*
hangers, printers, painters, abo* factorl«a»
•tablemen, tar- roofer*, tanners, tailora. «tc
ST7CEAMA2T BBOS,
Brasii asaauiaetttxers, 603 Sacramento St.
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFPAIBS
OP x'titi
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, United,
OF LOJTDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1902. and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commisslorer of the State of Call-
fornta. pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of ail Stocks
and Bonds Owned by Company.. |2.4e3t'341 23
Cash in Company's Office 265 21
Cash in Banks 278.OU 91
Interest Due and Accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20,012 50
Premiums In due Course of CoU
¦ lection 2S4.9H 8 1
Due from -other Convpanles for Re-
Insurance on Losses already paid. 3.331 27
Total Assets <3.063.4S3 9a
" ~ *
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid..:.... (31,230 0O
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 233.433 00
Losses resisted, including expensesi 24.S93 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one . year or le^e, $1,SS3.«
027 27; reinsurance CO per cent. W2.D63 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,583,- <
723 97: reinsurance pro rata... S32.523 23
Due and accrued for Salaries.
Rent, etc tlTJ T3
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 73.072 3d
All other liabilities SU.9S3 24
Total Liabilities 12.337.213 «
— — I
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Ftr»
premiums 5-.3CC.xr: 13
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, U. a: ¦..•«. .;•¦.!
from all ether sources Sl.*0O 23
Received from Hom« Offtc* S2»,U73 inl
Vncollccted premiums of last y«ar.
fcollected this year lS3.tc« 77
Total Income $.; an.«i ;»
expentitvrj:3.
Net amount raid for Fir» Losses
(including $71»5.JWB 37. losses c*
previous years> H.77«.3«3 S»
Remitted to Home Offle* S3.0O* 34
Pal J or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage- 401.607 S*
r»U for Salaries Fees and Oder
charges for officers, clerks. «tc. 13S.041 n l
Paid for State. National aad Local
taxes T3.i?S •;)
All other payments and expend!'
turea 13S.CflS 27
Total Expenditures $2.718.S03 73
Fir©.
Losses Incurred during ta» Tear. J1.C5C 143 09
Risks and Premiums 'Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year *4C5.SC3.216 $1,340,033 23
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
y**r 337.819.463 4,179.02109
Net amount in force
December 31. 1003.. 308.773.790 3.471.631 2*
~~ ~~ *• LOUIS P. BATARD.
Second Assistant ilanaser.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4tll
day of February. 1003.
GEOKGE O. RUGER.
Notary Publle.
BUTLER & HEWITT,
GENERAL AGENTS.
413 CALIFORNIA STREET, San Francisco
ADVERTISEMENTS.FORMER OFFICIAL OF POST
OFFICE DEPARTMENT WHO
WILL FACE TRIAL.
WOMAN WHO IS HOUSEKEEP
ER FOR ROBERT GREEN IN
WATSONVILLE.
Reduced rates on household gooda to A from
the Saat ft South. Bekla's. 11 Montgomery. •
A grand benefit" ball will be tendered to
William D. Kramer under the auspices
of the Palo Alto Club at Temple Hall, 117
Turk street, on Wednesday evening, Sep
tember 16. Excellent n.uslc will be fur
nished and the price of admission will be
25 cents, ladles free. .
Benefit Ball for Kramer.
. STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 8.—
The women students of the class of 1905
met this 'afternoon to discuss the propo
sition of adopting a hat symbolic of their
dignity, as Junior girls. -The. following
young ladies were appointed a committee
to investigate the bonnet question and
report to. the class on Monday next: Miss
Edna M. Reeve of Ukiah.Miss Helen M.
Salisbury of Los Angeles, and Miss Ger
trude E. Sfrodd of Alhambra.
. A lively discussion of millinery is an
ticipated next week, as there seems to be
no definite idea of Just what will prove
representative. ' ><v
Juniors at Stanford ' Decide a Dis
tinctive Style of Headgear -
j .\l ; t -. Is Necessary.
FAIR WOMEN STUDENTS
WILL TALK OF MILLINERY
CHICAGO, Sept. 8.— Co-operation back
ed by, $100,000,000 capital is the plan pro
posed by a joint meeting of farmers and
their representatives by which the pro
ducers of the country are to protect their
interests. , An association having this a*
its basic principle is in process of organ
ization here.
Farmers and representatives from pro
ducers', associations in nine States are
in conference. Three societies are to be
amalgamated, the foundation for a mons
ter exchange by, which the producers of
the country expect to control the mar
kets, build elevators, establish packing
houses, organize banks, maintain schools
and improve the highways. These asso
ciations are the Producers' and Consum
ers' Union of Tennessee and of New York,
with 400,000 members: the American So
ciety of Equity of North America, with
€0,000 members, and the Farmers' National
Co-operative Exchange Company, with a
membership of 20,000.^
The day was devoted to the discussion
of plans. It was proposed that the new
association should be incorporated for
$100,000,000. - The i representatives of the
American Society of Equity sought to
have Its, name and declaration of princi
ples adopted, but the convention tabled
the report to-night land entered into a
general discussion of plans. The commit
tee will resume work to-morrow with a
view .to reaching some practical conclu
sion on which the new association can be
launched. 'ill-iVy
The widening and deepening of the Erie
canal to allow the passage of larger grain
boats' will, be taken up before final.ad
journmentl' . •->..',
ST. PAUL, Sept. 7. — The principal
speaker at the Labor day picnic here yes
terday was Archbishop Ireland. He spoke
in part as follows:
A country without capital is impoverished.
Labor should invite it Into use; never frighten
it away by making it unsafe or depriving It
of reasonable profits. On the other hand, capi
tal must respect the manhood of the wage
earner and allow him, as far as It can without
loss to itself, a fair wage. Extravagant and
needless expenditures by capitalists do harm
In irritating the poor Riid should be avoided.
A generous use of capital for the public good,
whether in purely beneficent or Industrial en
terprises, does much to soften the asperities of
opposition. ..
We should not be afraid of capital, in what
ever form it comes, whether in large personal
accumulation or In ' trusts or In syndicates.
Names are bugaboos that should not frighten.
As a matter of fact, without large aggrega
tions cf capital great enterprises are not pos
sible, and the country is not developed. It Is
time enough to hold the hand against trusts
and syndicates when they do harm. I If they
are known to do harm the country will attend
to them. If they do no harm and. on, the
contrary, do good, they should be welcomed.
The waue-earner has rights— his right to a
living wage, his right to reasonable hours, his
right to more than even a living wage when
circumstances and success warrant it. Waee
earners have a right to combine and form
trusts and syndicates and call them labor
unions. Labor guilds were common In the
middle ages and did good. Labor unions have
given wasre-earners the consciousness to their
rights and have' done much to obtain, higher
wages and shorter hours. Hut labor unions
must bo on their gulard against ssrlous evils
threatening them. They cannot be tolerated If
they Interfere with the personal liberty of non
union men .-who have a right to work in or
outside unions as they please. Public opinion
and public law will and must protect this lib
erty. It were social chaos if we were to Im
pose our opinions on others by force. What
rishf have I to Impose my religious belief by
force? What rlcht have labor unions to Im
pese their opinions by force?
It is wrong In labor unions to limit the out
put of work on the part of members. The
members themselves are injured: they are re
duced to a dead level of inferiority. They, are
allowed no opportunity of rising to a . higher
or better position. Society is injured as It Is
Injured by 'everything that prevents Its mem
bers from putting out their talent to best ad
vantage. . . ,
Archbishop Ireland Speaks on In
dustrial Conditions. . . .
PRELATE'S ADVICE TO UNIONS.
NEW YORK. Ff!>t. K.— RiBht Rev. Daniel
Tuttle. Bithop of MlF.^ouri. has become senior
BiFhop of the ProteFtant Episcopal Church by
the death of the Right Ilcv. Thomas Clark.
Bishop of lihode Island.
The Board of Trustees this evening re
ceived a petition asking for the reappoint
ment of City Marshal Tibbet. A sensation
al scene ensued. The petition was signed
by five citizens, and the attorney ~ for
the Marshal explained that it was pre
sented on account of doubts arising as
to the regularity of his former appoint
ment,-the same having been made a few
hours before the late Marshal , Packard'^
term expired.'' . ¦ ¦' . ,\
Former State Senator S. C. Smith, who
represents the contestant, E. P. Davis, in
the case now "pending, in a speech de
nounced the petition and attacked the mo
tives of Marshal Tibbet for presenting It
at this time. He declared it to be a use
less proceeding, f Intended simply to . em
barrass ' litigation. Following Immediate
ly the theft of the ballots which it was
sought to have recounted, he said It was
simply an outrage. If any appointment
were to be made it should not be done
until the Marshal had cleared himself
from the imputation which in the mind
of the people, rested on him.. After a Jong
wrangle the board laid the matter over
until next Monday evening.
Before he could qualify he was killed in
the battle with Outlaw McKlnney and the
City Trustees apolnted Tibbet to fill the
vacancy. Davis, with permission of the
Attorney General, began quo warranto
proceedings to establish his right to the
office and the matter is now pending in
the SuDerlor Court.
Everything depended on the recount of
the ballots. If Packard received a ma
jority of the votes, then Davis was out
of the race and the right of Tibbet to the
office would have been established, but if
Davis received a majority the appoint
ment of Tibbet would be proven illegal.
The affair has created a sensation here.
It is presumed that some one entered the
room in the day time, as the doors of the
vault were left open to give the city of
ficials access to the records.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 8.— When City
Clerk Lightner returned from a two
weeks' absence thieves had entered the
vault in which are kept the city records
and had stolen the ballots and election
papers upon which hinged the result of
the contest now pending between E. P.
Davis and Bert M. Tlbbet for the office
of City Marshal.
In April last at the municipal election
the principal contestants for the office of
City Marshal were E. P. Davis and the
late T. J. Packard. The returns showed
that Packard was elected Iby five votes
and the certificate of election was given
him.
Election Documents Dis
appear Prom Bakers
fi-ld Vault.
THIEVES STEAL
PRECIOUS PAPERS
SAN DIEGO.' Sept. 8. — Word was received
from Pala late to-night that forty Indians
¦who were, evicted from the San Felipe ranch
have arrived at Pala, where they will dwell
with the Warner Ranch Indians.
MELBOURXR, Victoria. Sept. 8. — Thr Gov
ernor. Sir George Clarke, at the opening of
the State Parliament of Victoria to-day gald
that the deficit of $3.00<>.000 had been converted
Into a substantial surplus and added that the
good rainfall . Justified . the hopes of a bounti
ful
BERLIN. Sept. 8. — The Government will in
introduce In the next Reichstag a bill designed
to promote temperance. Saloon-keepers will be
required to sell non-Intoxicants, guch as lem
onade, milk, coffee and tea. and cold foods.
Credit Is forbidden.
PARIS, Sept. 8. — Dispatches from Oran.
Algeria, state that the recent defeat of
the insurgents by a French force near
Almoungar. in which the French lost
sixty-seven killed and forty-seven wound
ed, was one of the most brilliant feats
of the French army In Algeria. •
It appears that the insurgents Inter
cepted a convoy, the escort of which,
consisting of 120 men, resisted the at
tack of between 3000 and 4000 Moors for
eight hours. The little French force suf
fered greatly from thirst, but after inflict
ing heavy losses on the assailants, suc
ceeded In repulsing them. The French
relieving force found the Moors' line of
retreat scattered for a mile with dead
and wounded. Lieutenant Satcenhauser,
who is a Dane, and a sergeant have since
died of their wounds. The French dead,
excepting General Vauchez, were buried
on the scene of the fight.
General O'Connor, at the head of a bat
talion of the foreign legion, has started on
a v punitive expedition and the entire for
eign legion has been ordered to hold itself
In readiness for active service.
Arrested for Insulting the Emperor.
HALLE. Prussia. Sep,t. 8.—Three men
and two women have been arrested here,
charged with having insulted Emperor
William. The precise nature of their of
fense has not been disclosed.
FARMERS UNITE
FOR PROTECTION
The Grand Jury's action probably
marks the beginning of the end of the In
vestigations that have been made since
the middle of last March. Voluminous
evidence had been laid before the Grand
Jury as a result of the inquiry, and while
the present report of the jury disposes of
most of the cases there yet remain sev
eral cases to be passed upon. When the
latter are disposed of, according to Post
master General Payne, the investigation,
so far as the work In Washington Is con
cerned, will be at an end for all practical
purposes. Several of the persons indicted
,to-day live outside of Washington. They;
will be arrested as soon as bench war
i rants can be served.
I Two other Important events occurred
to-day in the postal inquiry. Leopold
Stern, the Baltimore contractor, who left
Baltimore before he could be arrested on
an indictment returned on July 31 last,
was located in Toronto, and the long de
layed surrender of George W. Beavers,
the former head of the Salary and Allow
ance Division, to the New York authori
ties took place.
The postal officials have been search
ing for Stern ever since he disappeared
from Baltimore, and finally received word
from the Canadian authorities that he
was In Toronto. They expressed much
surprise at the premature publication of
his whereabouts, on account of the prob
lem of extradition that now confronts the
Government and the possibility of his
making good his escape, now that the In
formation has become public in advance
of the readiness of the authorities to ef
fect his arrest. Beavers' arrest caused
/no surprise, for the Government all along
has kept advised of his whereabouts.
TORONTO, Ont.. Sept. 8.— Leopold
Stern 'refused to be seen when a reporter
called at his home to-day. He referred
all callers to his attorney. Stern's law
yers said' that their client was ready to
appear before an extradition judge and
prove his innocence, which is Interpreted
a? a declaration that extradition proceed
ings will be fought to the end. He would
not leave the city, the attorneys said,
and if an' extradition warrant were se
cured Stern would at once leave for
Washington.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 8.-After deliber
ating several weeks over a mass of docu
ments submitted by the postofflce Inspec
tors, the Federal Grand Jury in this city
returned seven indictments In postal
cases involving six different persons. All
of the indictments were kept off the pub
lic; record, and both the officials of the
District Attorney's office and of the Post
office Department refused to discuss the
names or. details of the indictments until
the persons Indicted shall have been ar
rested. It is expected that arrests will
occur' to-morrow morning and that the
Postofflce Department will have some an
nouncement to make during the fore
noon.
... Washington , surrendered him
self in the ofllceof United States Com
missioner Hitchcock to-day and gave
$5000 bonds for his appearance before
Commissioner Hitchcock on Septem
ber 15.
NEW YORK, Sept. 8.— George W.
Beavers, former head of the
Salary and Allowance Division
of the Po3tofflce Department In
Attorney Capps for the defense has tho
revolver of Burke and will endeavor to
show that six notches on'Its-handle.In
dicate that many lives were taken by Its
fiAN DIEGO. Sept S.-The trial. of Se
bastian Velarde for the killing of Consta
ble Peter Burke near Yuma several
months ago was begun In the Superior
Court to-day. A jury has not: yet been
secured. Six witnesses who had been
summoned failed to appear and a bench
warrant was issued for their arrest and
given to the Sheriff, who has gone to Pl
cacho to serve them.
Interesting Weapon to Appear in
Trial of a Constable's ¦
JURY WILL BE SHOWN
REVOLVER WITH NOTCHES
j "All these facts and many more which
have been gathered by Sheriff H. V.
Trafton and Chief of Police Rassetce of
Watsonville will be turned over to the
Grand Jury. The Inquest over the body
of Mrs. Green was merely a formal one.
I regret that I was not notified in time
that I might have been present and in
terrogated the witnesses. The examina
tion of Green last Saturday night was a
searching one and the testimony taken
I down by Court Reporter Williamson will
\ be transcribed and used at the hearing."
i There is some talk in this section of ex
huming the body of Mrs. Green and hold
ing an autopsy over the remains. This
| may be done in order to ascertain wheth
i'er a drug was used on the alleged victim.
j A great deal of discussion is being heard
around Watsonville. Some of the wise
' men cannot understand how Green es
j caped death by gas asphyxiation. It is a
j fact that Green occupied the same room
J with his wife and that he slept on the
; side of the bed nearest the adjoining
I room where the gas jet was. Dr. Briggs
I announced that Mrs. Green had been
i dead half an hour when he was called in
and yet Green recovered very quickly and
was around the next day consulting a
lawyer to learn whether he should make
an immediate application to be appointed
administrator of his wife's estate. These
facts and the. further fact that Mrs.
I Laura I-a Schells. his housekeeper, re-
I turned to the house Immediately on the
! death of Mrs. Green make .it look some-
I what mysterious.
An effort will be made to make Mrs. La
: Scheils tell what she knows of the case.
I It Is thought that if she could be made
I Xo talk she might divulge some interest
j ing things.
| GREEN'S STATEMENT DENIED.
Green states that the gas was in the
! house but three months and his wife
I turned It out and lighted It at different
I times. Mrs. C. P. Terwilliger stated to
day that Mrs. Green i.ever bothered/
about the gas. She says the deceased
would always call her in to light it and
to turn !t down low. . ' .'- *i- > ¦¦
Mrs.- La Schells strenuously denies that
j she was ordered out of the house by Mrs.
j Green and vet the Sheriff has secured a
j witness who will testify that she was
i and that during her absence Mrs. La
| Schells corresponded with Green through
: the agency of a Mrs. Hilborn,.who lived
' in the house. These leUers were sent In
i an envelope addressed to Mrs. - Hilborn
i and were turned over to Green. The
¦ Sheriff is now trying to locate Mrs. HI1
i born. This same witnes.s will testify that
' she would not allow Mrs. La Schells to
' stay in the house, but Mrs. Green was
j very charitably Inclined and did not want
to turn her out of doors. She then took
Mrs. La Schells to her side of the house
and allowed her to use an adjoining
apartment. This witness will also testify
that she called Mrs. Green's attention to
the actions of Mrs. La Schells and Mrs.
Green replied, "It takes me long to
tumble," and the witness replied, "Then
it is about time you were tumbling, Mrs.
Green."
INQUEST MEBELY FORMAL.
WATSONVILLE, Sept. 8.— Dis r
trlct Attorney B. K. Knight
of Santa Cruz County an
nounced this afternoon that
he woufd makt a special plea
to the Superior Court that the Grand
Jury of the county be called into session
next month to take up the investigation
of the death of Mrs. Elvira J. Scales-
Green. As a rule the Grand Jury meets
but once a year, but the demand of the
residents of this county that immediate
steps be taken has led the District At
torney to hasttn action.
When the Grand Jury meets Mr.
Knight will lay all the evidence he has
gathered before them and leave It to
their judgment whether an indictment
should be Issued against Robert Green,
the husband of the writer, whose un
timely taking off has created a suspicion
of foul play In the minds of her numer
ous friends.
"While I have Investigated the matter
very thoroughly," said the District At
torney, *'I do not think I have sufficient
evidence to allow me to have a warrant
Issued for the arrest of Green. His state
ments to me are conflicting and, there are
facts which lead me to believe that a
crime has been committed. For instance,
before Mrs. Green's death her husband
made an unsuccessful attempt to gain
possession of her property. He tricl to
get his wife to deed over a ranch she
owned, but she refused. On another oc
casion, where his wife had taken a mort
gage on some property, ne had his name
inserted as mortgagee and when she dis
covered It Mrs. Green had the name
stricken out and her own substituted.
Handful of Soldiers De
feat Small Army of
Insurgents.
y Authorities.
Former Postal Officia
Surrenders to the
INFLICT HEAVY
LOSSES ON FOE
Secure Loot Valued at Si 600,
Then Leave Premises
Unobserved.
Regarding the complaint of John Bowtn
and Richard Roderick, contractors for
driving rock tunnels, etc., against the ac
tion of their employes under the award
of the anthracite coal strike commission,
the employes having gone on strike, de
manding a 10 per cent advance in wages
granted to contract miner's, the umpire
decides that "contractors driving .rock
tunnels, sinking shafts and other similar
work, not beinc parties to the submls-
Bion, nor having agreed to abide by the
awards of the anthracite coal strike com
mission; are not- parties under the award
and have no standing before the board
of conciliation."
All discharges, as all qulttale, should * be
made on a reasonable basis. The employer and
employe should treat each other with Justice
and a desire to preserve oeace. Attempts
should be made in all such casas to adjust
the matter between the employe or employes
affected and a superintendent and such at
tempt was not made In this case.
I am clearly of the opinion, as in the case
of Coxe Bros. & Co., that the Lehlgh Coal, and
Navigation Company ought to give preference !
to all their old men — those employed prior to ]
the • strike — who have not been convicted ot
crime committed durinr the strike or are not
now under arrest awaiting trial or are not in
competent or not guilty of misdemeanor to
render their employment undesirable. The
terms of the submission and the' language of
the award under it make this conclusion in
evitable.
Leading up to the final award, the um
pire says: ¦ . .;
There can be no doubt that a man has a
right to quit the service of his employer when
ever he tees fit, with or without Bivinjr any
cause, provided he Elves proper notice, and
that the employer has a perfect right to em
ploy and discharge men in accordance with the
conditions of his industry; that he is not
obliged to give any cause for discharge, but
that he should, as in the reverse case, give
proper notice.
Thl« right to discharge must, therefore, be
sustained. Any other view of the case would
result !n compelling men to work for an em
ployer when they did not wish to. and thus
enslave them, when, on the other hand, it
would compel employers to'employ men whether
they had work for them or not, and whether
the men were incompetent or not, and would
thus stagnate business and work to the injury
of all other employes.
SPIRIT OF JUSTICE NEEDED.
Regarding the complaint of discrimina
tion and blacklisting of employes in the
Lehigh Coal and Navigation Company,
who were reinstated at the end of the
strike, the umpire decides that it has not
been shown that the men were discrimi
nated against on account of. their mem
bership in the union, but is of the opin
ion that discrimination existed against a
small number of men, and makes this
statement:
OPPOSES DISCBIMINATION.
SCRANTONV Pa., Sept. 8.-Carroll D.
Wright, the umpire to whom was referred
the five disputes between the operators
and miners' representatives on the beard
of conciliation appointed under the pro
visions of the anthracite mine strike com
mission, filed his findings to-day with T.
D.- Nicholls, secretary of the board. In
dealing with the question of the em
ployers' right to discharge men for any
cause other than of connection with a
labor union, Umpire Wright agrees
wholly with the contention of the opera
tors' representatives and declares that the
right of an employer to discharge with
out giving the cause of the discharge is
sustained by the award of the commis
sion.
He says that the Lehigh Coal and Nav
igation Company and Coxe Bros. & Co.
should take back old men instead of put
ting on new men in all cases where the
old men are competent and have not
been convicted or not awaiting trial for
crime committed during the strike. The
umpire's findings cover twenty-five pages
of typewriting.' Regarding the case as a
¦whole, he says:
The opinion 13 rendered that all the nien
employed by Cose Bros. & Co., Incorporated,
at the time of the strike in 1002, except those
who have been convicted of crime durlns the
strike or who are Ftlll under arrest or to whom
employment cannot be given en account of new
machinery or who are Incompetent ought to
be preferred to new men In giving out work
when they apply therefor.
Buckley and Brooks immediately went
to Police Headquarters and reported the
matter to Captain cf Detectives Martin.
The latter detailed Detectives Wrenn and
Pinan en the case. They worked on it all
day and night, but were unable to find
a single clew that rrsipht lead to the cap
ture of the burglars.
The strange part of the story is that no
one but their victims saw the men either
l.ofcre or after they pained entrance to
the house. It is supposed that they had
watched their chance from a small alley
way near the place and when no one was
looking walked up the stairs and entered
the room occupied by Buckley and
Brooke; which is directly at the head of
the stairs on the second floor.
to breathe a word of what had happened
under penalty of death. The frightened
pair soon recovered their senses and rush
ed out into the hallway, but the burglars
nowhere to be seen, having vanish
ed as mysteriously as they entered the
place. \
The burglars, still cot-ering their vic
tims with their pistils, backed out of the
room, warning Buckley and Brooks not
They did as they were ordered and the
tall man proceeded to so through their
clothe. From Buckley he took a dia
mond ring valued at $300. a sold watch
and chain said to be worth $200, and sev
eral dollars In silver, all the money he
had on his person at the time.
Then thp robt>*r went through Brooks'
clothes ,-nid obtained a handsome diamond
ring valued at S3W. a diamond sunburst
worth $500, more than $100 in coin and
three smaller stones, in all about. $1100,
according to Brooks' own statement.
BACK OUT OF ROOM.
Each carried a gun and Buckley and
his companion were covered with the
weapons before they had a chance to
make a. move. Then the taller of the
robbers commanded the occupants of the
room to throw up their hands and move
lo one corner.
According to the stories told by Buck-
Icy and Brooks, they went up to the room
shortly before noon and as the day was
extremely hot the doer was left open.
They were engaged in conversation, when
suddenly two masked men silently en
tered the room and closed the door be
hind them.
The robbery Is one cf the most sensa
tional that hes occurred here in years
and the police are of the opinion that the
perpetrators of the daring deed are none
other than the men who have been hold-
Ing up and robbing the various corner
procerics throughout the city during the
last few weeks.
VALUABLE JEWELRY TAKEN.
Brooks and Buckley are well known
characters about town and have always
Veen plentifully supplied with coin. They
v.tre ulso in the habit of wearing a lot
of valuable jewelry. From the way they
\*-<re held up it would appear that they
have bern watched by the daring thieves
and were taken unawares.
Two daring burglars entered a lodging
house at Z.2 OFarrell street during the
noor. hour yesterday and with drawn pis
tols commanded Kdward Buckley and
I'eter Brooks, two lodgers, to throw up
their hands. Then the robbers went
through their victims' clothes and took
everything of value they possessed, $1600
worth In all. With a final word of warn
ing- to thtir victims not to utter a cry
under penalty of death, the burglars left
the place as quietly as 'they had entered,
and the efforts of the j>clice to locate them
have been futile.
Holds That Former Employes Should
Be Given Preference in
Recruiting Mine
Forces.
Police Believe Burglars Axe the Same
?£ir Who Have Been Terroriz
ing City for Several
Weeks.
The railroad shall In sixty-four years revc-t
to Colombia., but the United States may buy it
under a valuntion. .•--.*
A term shall be fixed within which the canal
must be begun and finished.
The contract shall, provide for a means to set
tle differences which may arise between the
governments during the construction and exe
cution of the contract.
The perpetual use of the canal zone is grant
ed, provided that at the expiration of 1OO years,
the Unit2d States shall pay during the succeed
ing ICO years 23 per cent more premium an<l
rentnl than for the prrrallns term, the pre
mium beginning at SlCO.CtO and the rental at
JtlOO.OCO. v y
The mixed tribunals in' the canal zone shall
try suit? between foreigners or between Colom
biaps and foreigners.
The police and sanitary measures shall be
practically in charge of the United States.
Twenty million dollars is fixed as the price
of the concession, beside the rental (sum?) of
$10.C€0,C<><1 -payable by the canal company In
consideration of Colombia's approval of the
transfer of shares.
That the revival of the cana! treaty
with Colombia under the circumstances.
In any shape or manner. Is materially
impossible' is the firm and general con
viction of the- isthmians.
BOGOTA. Saturday. Sept. o.— The bill
which Congress is now discussing, author
izing President Marroquln to ntgotlate a
new Panama canal troaty with the United
States, contains the following stipula
tions: • -.-¦ . . .
Senator Obaldla, the newly appointed
Governor of Panama, who left Bogota on
September 3 with the new military com
mander. Is due here about Seotember 16.
It is reported that he is bringing a canal
plan which will be. satisfactory to all con
cerned. Thls. % how3ver, Is beli-eved to be
merely a promise Intended to pacify for
the time the exasperated feelings of the
Isthmians white the Bogota Government
gains the opportunity to take precau
tionary measures against trouble in Pan
ama.
PANAMA. Colombia, Sept. S.-^Xccord
lng to the latest -reoorts received from
Bogota the Hay-Herran canal treaty is
now generally regarded in the capital as
"dead and burled," and It is declared the
United States might as well turn seriously
to negotiations with Nicaragua.
Here on the isthmus people liave lost
all hope of getting just treatment from
the national .JJovernment. It Is felt that
the only chance of preventing the total
ruin of the Isthmus depends entirely upon
the efforts of the isthmians to save them
selves in the near future.
Special Cable to « The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1003, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Concadas Employers' Right
to Discharge Men at
Will. "'" S
Question Oolombia'3 Sincerity
in Dealing With This
Government.
Eitter Lodging House
aid Hold Up Roomers
j at Pistol's Point.
Umpire Wright Piles
Findings in Coal
Isthmus Residents Re
gard Treaty as Past
Resuscitation.
MASKED MEN
ROB VICTIMS
IN DAYLIGHT
MAIN POINT
IS WON BY
OPERATORS
ABANDON HOPE
FOR THE CANAL
BEAVERS
IS WEARY
OF HIDING
CRIME WAS COMMITTED,
THINKS THE ATTORNEY
Santa Cruz County Official Will Ask for Special
Grand Jury Session to Probe the Green Case
Which Has Caused a Sensation in Watsonville
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1903.
3
BE. KILMEE'S SWAMP-EOOT.
HOW TOJIND OUT.
Fill a bottle or common glass with your
water and let it stand twenty-four hours;
a sediment or settling: indicates an un-
healthy condition of the kidneys; if it
stains the linen it Is evidence of kidney
trouble; too freqv ?nt desire to pass It. or
pain in the back is also convincing proof
that the kidneys and bladder are out of
order.
WHAT TO DO.
There is comfort In the knowledge so
often expressed that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney and bladder rem-
edy, fulfills every vish in curinc rheuma-
tism, pain In the back, kidneys, liver,
bladder and every part of the urinary
passage. It corrects inability to hold wa-
ter and scalding pain In passing it. or bad
effects following use of liquor, wine or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant ne-
cessity of \ ~ing compelled to go often dur-
ing the day. and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp-Root Is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing
cases. If you need a medicine you should
have the best. Sold by druggists in fifty-
cent and one-dollar sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of
, Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
and a book that tells all about It. both
sent absolutely free by mall. Address Or.
Kilmer & Co., Blnghamton, N. T. When
writing be sure to mention that you read
this generous offer in The San Francisco
Daily Call. Don't make any mistake, but
remember the name, Swamp-Root, Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address.
Blnghamton. N. Y., on every bottle.
•: ; : V/Vl kJ till W »J i r.
11 Close To-day \\
1 1 to commemorate the \ \
. :\% fifty -third anniver- \\
%% sary of the admis- \ I
if sion of California I ;
___ ,-*¦ > 111 Lvl Ll IC V— ' 1 livJl I* r v
¦ 1 1 k 740 Market St. and \ i
}\\\ Cor. Powell and Eddy i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
brewsterT
millions
FOR SALE
In Book Form
_— — A *T*
¦j — ., i ii -i f^L X "¦"--¦ " '" ™
ALL BOOK STORES
I BUY IT' TO-DAY
I S H I R T S I
| ARE THE BEST I
I AT THE PRICE, i
\ CLUETT, PEABODY A CO. H
' MAKERS. Ik
sB^r^Sg^JjgS^^iJ^^SC^jg'iJWfr'jts^M
c
Schilling's Best is the fore-
runner of great improvement
in life and trade.
Atyoorcrwccr't; mmaejbmdk.Third division — Division marshal. J. J. Ryan;
aid*. Harry Johns, Julius Eppstein; Alcalde
Drum Corps, Alcalde Drill Corps, Alcalde Par
lor No. 154, South San Francisco Parlor No.
187. Sequoia Drum Corps. Sequoia Parlor No.
ltiO Preclta Drum Corps. Preclta Parlor No.
187, Olympus Drum Corps, Olympus Parlor No.
189, Presidio Parlor No. 194, Marshall Drum
Corps. Marshall Parlor No. 202. Army and
Navy Bugle Corps, Army and Navy Parlor No
207. Dolores Parlor No. 20S. Twin Peaks Drum
and Fife Corps, Twin Peaks Parlor No. 214. E!
Capitan Parlor No. 222. .
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 8.-
Although Labor day was not observed as
a holiday at the university and classes
were conducted as usual to-day, Admis
sion day has been declared a university
holiday by President Jordan and work
will cease in all departments of the col
lege. Wednesday is the regular date for
the university assembly, but it has been
postponed until Thursday on account of
the holiday. This will be the first general
assembly of the college year and Presi
dent Jordan will deliver the annual ad
dress to the freshman class.
nla Parlor No. 1, Pacific Parlor No. 10, Golden
Gate Parlor No. 20. Mission Parlor No. 38. San
Francleco Parlor ; No. 49. El Dorado Drum
Corps. El Dorado Parlor No. 62.
Second division— Division marshal, W. H.
Harrison; aids. Charles J. Turner, Mark Noon;
band, Rlncon Parlor No. 72, Stanford Drum
Corps, Stanford Parlor ,No. 76, Yerba Buena
Parlor No. 84. Bay City Parlnr No. 104. Niantic
Parlor No. 105, National Parior No. 118. Hes
perian Drum Corps. Hesperian Parlor No. 137,
Alcatraz Parlor No. 145.
Holiday for Stanford Students.
The following was the order of the pro
cession, which as to numbers was a credi
table one, but which will be added to to
day by those who will go by early morn
ing trains to help swell the ranks In the
city where the celebration is to be held:
First drvlrton — Division marshal, J. F. Line
han; aids, F. C. Gerdes. G. A. Warren: Cali
fornia Parlor Drum and Bugle Corps, Callfor-
The streets along the line of march were
crowded with people who lustily cheered
as the boys moved along and spoke words
of encouragement to many-vwho did not
reconcile corns with uneven pavements.
Bombs and red fire added to the dis
play and when the marchers reached the
Townsend-street depot there was a rush
for the train In order to secure seats. As
the Natives were passing Uhrough the
gates they were cheered by their friends,
who reminded them that they would see
them In San Jose In the mornlne.
Mayor Schmitz. who had been selected
as an aid to the grand marshal, evidently
had an objection to horseback riding, for
he marched with the parlor In which he
holds his membership.
MAYOR SCHMITZ WALKS.
TBOOPS WEEE TAEDY.
According to programme, there should
have been two companies of the First
Regiment of the National Guard to follow
the police and act as escort, but they
came to the- rendezvous as the proces
sion was well under way. To make up
for lost time the command "Double
quick" was given and after a lively run
down Mason street they got into posi
tion before the head of the line reached
Market street, and it was a run that
brought out the perspiration and gave
the boys in blue an object lesson that will
no doubt serve them in future when they
agree to serve as escort to a civic body.
The military escort consisted of Com
panies A and G, commanded by Captains
Ballinger and Wall, respectively, and then
followed the grand marshal with Harry
I. Mulcrevey, his chief of staff, and
mounted aids. Then came the different
parlors, some in uniform, others in citi
zens' dress, but all enthusiastic and keep
ing step to the music of two bands hired
for escort duty and the rataplan of 100
drums, each drummer trying to get as
much noise, out of his sheepskin as there
was in It.
The parlors which made the most at
tractive display were Stanford, with its
Immense banner: Bay City, the members
of which carried golden hued flags with
the name of the parlor printed thereon;
Alcalde, with its fancily dressed drill
corps; Army and Navy, in khaki uni
forms: Marshall Parlor, in niiners' suits:
Twin Peaks Parlor, the members of which
shaded themselves from the rays of the
moon by means of Japanese parasols; El
Capitan, the members in white suits and
each carrying a small package contain
ing a baby cap and nursing bottle, and
National Parlor, with its magnificent ban
ner.
llcemen under command of Sergeant Wolf
wheeled into company front, leading the
procession and driving away scores of
small boys who followed the red flre
wagon.
Then came a long line of Native Sons,
in which was Olympus Parlor and drum
corps, California Parlor iind drum corps,
Alcatraz Parlor and others. Red flre
was burned and Roman candles were dis
charged. The people along the line
cheered the natives and these responded.
A number of the visitors carried cowbells
and horns.
During the parade a perfect . pandemo
nium reigned and the streets were so
crowded that it was with difficulty that
the parade moved. Tho line of march
was up First street to San Antonio and
back.
At 11:30 the Twin Peaks Parlor arrived
and with its flfe and drum corps paraded
the streets. Many of the parlors that
came on the later trains went straight to
their headquarters. After the - parlora
reached their headquarters the members
disbanded and started out to look for
friends. Every hotel in town Is crowded
with Natives. The headquarters of the
local parlors in Native Sons' Hall was
visited by hundreds. Never before have
San Jose streets shown such life at night.
At midnight the whole town was filled
with jollification, and shouts and songs
of the parading Native Sons showed that
a merry birthday anniversary was In
store for the Golden State.
RECEPTION FOR PIONEERS.
Company I, Fifth Regiment, N. G. C. of
Llvermore, arrived this evening to parti
cipate in to-morrow's parade. A number
of pioneers accompanied the Native Sons
and these will be entertained to-morrow
by the local Society of Pioneers. At a
late hour to-night squads of Native Sons
and Daughters are still parading the
streets.
About 3000 more members and friends
of the order are expected to-morrow. A
committee consisting of Fred Doerr, M.
Griffith, Miss Iva Belloli, Mrs. Virginia
Gruwell and Mrs. G. A. Koerber are re
ceiving at the Native Sons' headquarters.
An orchestra is furnishing music for
dancing and refreshments are being
served.
St. James Park, was a scene of gayety
all evening. The Native Sons had ar
ranged a band concert by the Fifth Reg
iment band. ¦ Electric lights were distri
buted about the grounds, and thousands
of people gathered there and passed the
evening. .
The Admission day bicycle, motor cycle
and automobile races at Agricultural
Park are attracting a great deal of at
tention. These races are to be held under
the auspices of the Cycling Board of
Trade. There are nearly 100 entries of
the five bicycle races and they include
speedy riders from Stockton, Sacramento,
San Francisco, Oakland and Los Angeles.
The principal event will be the ten
mile point race between teams of the
principal bicycle clubs. Each team will
be represented by five men who will each
ride two miles. There will be a three
mile and a five-mile race for the motor
cycles, with ten to twelve entries. There
are also several automobile races on the
card.
LOCATION OF HEADQUARTERS.
The location of the headquarters of the
various parlors is as follows:
General headquarters — N. S.' G. W. Hall.
Parade committee headquarters — St. James
Hotel.
Rlncon Parlor No. 72— Y. M. I. Hall, Market
street.' . . . . ¦ . , ¦
Orinda- Parlor No. 56. N. . D. O. W.— Y. M.
I. Hall. Market street.
Mission Parlor No. 33 — Eatles' Hall. North
First street.
California Parlor No. 1 — Curtis Hall, East
San Fernando street.
Fremont Parlor No. 59, N. D. G. W. — Cur
tis Hall, East San Fernando street.
South San Francisco Parlor No. 157 — Elite
Hall, corner Third and San Fernando streets.
- Stanford Parlor No. 76 — Hotel Vendome.
Oakland Parlor No. 50^ — Hotel Vendome.
Paclttc Parlor No. 10— Hotel St. James.
National Parlor No. 118— Hotel St. James.
Army and Navy Parlor No. 207 — Hotel St.
James.
Athens Parlor No. 195 — Hotel St. James.
Marshall Parlor No. 202 — Hotel St. James.
Halcyon Parlor No. 146 — Hotel St. James.
Alcaide Parlor No. 154 — Music Hall. North
First street.
Alameda Parlor No. 47—22 South First
Alcatraz Parlor No. 145 — Library Hall, East
Santa Clara street.
El Capitan Parlor No. 222 — Benson's court
room, Market street. '
San Francisco Parlor No. 43— Columbia Hall,
North Market street.
Twin Peaks Parlor No. 214^ — Auzerais bulld-
n fan Jose Parlor No. 22— N. S. O. "W. Hall,
Third and San Fernando streets.
Palo Alto Parlor No. 82— N. S. G. W. Hall,
Third and San Fernando streets. j'
Observatory Parlor No. 177— N. S. O. W.
Hall. Third and San Fernando streets.
Pioneers and Sons and Daughters of Pioneers
—Basement Odd Fellows' buildlntr. Third and
Santa Clara streets.
Press headquarters — Music Hall. North First
street.
VETERAN FIREMEN AT CAPITOL.
Reception to the Organization on Its
r l! Way to Chico.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 8.— The Veteran
Volunteer Firemen's Association of San
Francisco, accompanied by their Ladies'
Auxiliary, bound for Chleo to participate
In the Admission day celebration, spent
several hours in Sacramento this after
noon. A reception was tendered them at
the Capitol, addresses of welcome being
made by Secretary of State Charles F.
Curry, State Treasurer Reeves and State
Controller Colgan. Responses were made
by Judge John Hunt, Mrs. G. W. Bay
reuther, president of the Ladies' Auxili
ary, and others from San Francisco. The
veterans wore red shirts and regulation
helmets In the parade through the streets
and drew behind them an ancient hand
engine.
Carriage Overturns at a Funeral.
DENVER, Sept. 8.— Frightened by the
flapping of the black . trimmings on the
hearse at a funeral in Valverde to-day,
the team attached to the next carriage in
line ran away, the carriage waa over
turned and nine persons, four of them
children, were injured. Three Infants
were, so shielded by their mothers, who
were holding them, that they escaped
with slight bruises and scratches.
Death Calls Pension Examiner.
SEATTLE, Sept. 8.— D. W. Green of
Washington, D.- C, special examiner of
the pension bureau, died of apoplexy. In
this city to-day while visiting local
friends, on his way home from the Na
tional Encampment of the Grand Army
of the Republic in California. Mr. Green
was stricken In his bed early this morn
ing and died a few hours afterward.
Irrigation Delegates Will Meet.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 8.— Governor Par
dee has invited all the delegates to the
National Irrigation Congress to meet him
In his office In the Capitol at .2 o'clock on
the afternoon of the 12th lnst. for the
purpose of talking " over matters that
might be considered before the (congress
affecting California interests.
Scrip I<and Contests Appealed.
EUREKA, Sept. 8.— Contests on scrip
land instituted, against the Hammond
Lumber Company and decided against
fifty-four contestants have been appealed
to the Departmen t of the Interior. The
land embraces nearly 9000 acres In Hum
boldt and'Del Norte counties. The basis
of the contests was allegation of fraud.
Fveclal Dispatch to The Call
CHICO. Sept. S.— The Admission day
and Labor celebration was in
augurated in Chico this evening
by a public reception to the visit
lr.c excursionists and a grand labor par
ade and exercises at Armory Hall. The
organizations which marched to the depot
to form an honorary escort for the in
coming guests were Company A, Second
Regiment, N. G. C. ; four companies of
the Chleo fire department and a company
of horsemen from Industrial organizations
In the city. The Eighth Regiment band
led this escort.
The enthusiasm which pervaded the
public mind in the anticipation of the
coming festivities was but slightly cooled
by the fact that Governor Pardee could
rot come until to-morrow, inasmuch as
the report announcing- his delay was not
divulged to the public.
A brilliant and animated scene was pre
6cnted at the depot by the throngs col
lected there. The side streets, lighted
vith strings of electric lamps, v.-ere
densely packed with vehicles and crowded
•with pedestrians. A passageway down
Fifth street was kept opon by Grand
Marshal Goodspetd and his aids only
with some difficulty. A long line cf car
riages was drawn up beside . the local
track. th( se being provided for the ac
commodation of the ladies and guests of
honor.
BRIGHT COLORS SHOW.
PICTURESQUE FLOATS.
A dash of brilliancy was added to the
picture by the bright scarlet -of the fire
iriersF' uniforms, the gilt and tinsel of the
military garb and of the various badges.
To add still another element to the scene
A hugh brush fire was touched off ju?t
before th<* arrival of the train, and the
bright effects v.-ere heightened by the
e!aring light-
At fc:30 the labor parade started from a
position on Main street and marched
through the principal streets, disbanding
«t length In from of Armory Hall. The
parade was headed by the Eighth Regi
ment band. There were in line strong
representations from the local branch of
the Federal Labor Union, besides unions
cf the horseshoers, retail clerks, tailors,
flour mill workers, cigar makers and car
penters. The ladies of the Retail Clerk's
.Association were driven in open carriages
and called forth much applause from the
Fpectators.
A number of floats indicative of differ
ent crafts wore in line and attracted fav
orable comment. The hoi-seshoers had a
moving shop In which two craftsmen
turned out first-class shors as the vehicle
moved along the streets.
Several business firm's in the city had
(special representations in the line, one
of the most striking of these being 1 a
group of riders from a meat market, each
caparisoned in cowboy outfit. The mem
bers of the local tent of the Maccabees
also made an attractive- display with tUelr
banners and motto.
At the hall the exercises consisted of
a brief IntroSuctory address by R. Sextcn.
a few remarks by Mayor Clark and a
ehort address each by Lon Bond of Chleo
and Walter Macarthur of San Francisco.
The latter gentleman dwelt at some
length upon the value of organization to
labor, and complimented Chico upon the
strong stand that has i>een taken here
for unionism. - ' '¦ .
Special Dispatch to" The Call.
SAN JOSE. SeDt. 8.— San Jose has
prepared a royal . welcome to the
thousands of Native Sons .and
Daughters who havo come to join in the
celebration of the fifty-third anniversary
of the admission of California into the
Union. Business be suspended to
morrow and the city turned over to the
visitors.... . •
For the. last few days the city has been
decorating for the occasion and this even
ins is In her best gala attire." Across all
the streets vari-colorcd streamers of ban
ners have been strung and in each block
there are large bear and American flags.
From each of the large buildings flies a
flag and nearly every business house has
its front bright with bunting. Electric
lights have recently been put in place
along the principal streets. Never was
the town more prettily decorated. " But
this exterior show is not all^for the citi
zens of San Jose are all ready to extend
a glad hand to the guests. San Joseans
have been royal hosts before and they
do not propose that this time there shall
bo any lack of hospitality.
WORK OF THE PARLORS.
For weeks the city has been preparing
for this army of sons and daughters of
the pioneers. The five parlors of Native
Sons and Daughters of this city have
boen at work on arrangements, aided by
the San Francisco committee, and every
thing is now complete. The general com
mittee of arrangements in this city is
as follows: Kd Haley chairman: James
J. Tormey, secretary; Thomas Italian, as
sistant secretary; O. D. Stem, Roy Wal
ter, G. B. Cottle, M. M. Prola, Robert
L. Dunlap, A. B. Barker. George P. Bull.
"\V. E. Geach. William Carmichael, Fred
Schumacher, T. E. Carroll. Arthur Lang
ford, Fred Doerr and George Lenzen.
A reception committee*composed as fol
lows will look to the entertainment of the
visitors:
San Jose Parlor — T. Monohan, J.- S. Williams,
M. K. Griffith.
Palo Alto Parlor — H. W. MeComas, Ed
Younger. H. J. Mabury.
Observatory Parlor— Frank II. Benson, Joseph
A. Desimone. J. E. Hancock.
fan Jone Parlor. Native Daughters — Mr«. Iva
Belloli. Mrs. Josie Harboni, Mrs. Koerber, Mrs.
Llziie Amidon. Mrs. Lillle Lawrence.
Vendome Parlor. Native Daughters — Tlllie
Brohaska, Mrs. Vlnrinia Gruell, Miss Florence
Rnck. Mrs. Garcia. Miss Lottie Bragg.
The reception committee will meet the
incoming trains and also be in attend
ance at the headquarters of the local par
lors. To-day a. number of the commit
tees cf the various parlors arrived to
arranpe their headquarters. Many visi
tors from all parts of the State came in
on the evening trains and early this aft
ernoon an increased number, of people
could be noticed on the streets. f
. SPEECHES AHT> PICNIC.
[literary exercises In St. James Park
will be held to-morrow afternoon. There
will be a- band concert. The Hon. L,. F.
Byington O'f . San Francisco will be presi
dent of the day. David M. Burnett of
,tiiis city "will deliver the address of wel
come oh behalf of the Native Sons and
Daughters of this city. The orator of
•the occasion will be Grand President H.
R. McNoble. Selections by the band will
follow and the park will be turned into
a' sort ot a picnic ground.
• In the afternoon the various parlors
will" again' hold 'receptions at their head
quarters arid .most of them will have
dancing during "the evening. About mid
night they will leave for their homes.
The Pioneers and the Sons and Daugh
ters of Pioneers will entertain the visit
ing Native Sons and Daughters and Pio
neers, at their headquarters in the Odd
Fellows' building from 2 to 4 to-morrow
afternoon.
DEPARTING PARLORS.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 8.— The big parade
of Native' Sons and Daughters, with
a sprinkling of Pioneers and Mex
: lean War Veterans who had bullj the
paths into the State and made possible
the order that is now celebrating, will be
the feature to-morrow. Fully 5000 de
scendants of the pioneers are expected to
be in line.
The marchers with their pretty suits of
various colors, banners and floats thread
ing their way through the decorated
streets will attract thousands of specta
tors. Five companies of militia will be
in line. A pack train representing the
days of '49 will be' the contribution of the ;
Pioneer Society. Oakland Parlor No. 50
will have a six-horse tallyho. Then
there will be the Native Daughters' di
vision. Six parlors of the young ladles
will appear in their prettiest raiment, and
Vendome Parlor of this city will be repre
sented by a cavalcade of horsewomen.
The parade will start at 10:30. The line
of march will be west to Second street,
south on Second street to San Antonio,
west to First street, j north on First
street to Hobson street, countermarch
south on First street to Santa Clara
street, west on Santa Clara street to
Market street, south on Market to San
Fernando street, where parade will dis
'¦ band.
The order of procession will be as fol
lows:
Grand marshal. William E. Foley; chief of
ptatr. Edward Younger; chief aid, O. D. Stern;
chief of aids, II. \V. McComas.
Aids to grand marshal — Eugene E. Schmltz,
H. I. Mulcrevy, Joseph King. John F. Twomey.
L. Nonneman, J. Hammond, Charles J. Turner,
J. F. Hanson, A. F. Sousa, W. S. C. Schmidt.
\V. J. Backus, W. J. Brady, H. Williams, H.
Haneke. George A. Stutt, William Uruener. N.
L. Levlson. Frank McArdl* Fred Glozler, F. J.
Monahan,.
FIRST DIVISION.
Marshal. A. B. Langford.
Aids— J. M. fchilue. Dr. Q. W\ Fowler.
Fifth Hegiment Hand. >
Company A. First Infantry Regiment, N. G.
C. Captain George Ballinger commanding.
Company C. First Infantry Regiment, N. G.
C. Captain F. K. Moore commanding.
Company G, First Infantry Regiment, N. O.
C, Captain W. Wall commanding.
Company I, Fifth Infantry Regiment, N. O.
C, Captain J. O. McKown, commanding.
Company B. Fifth Infantry Regiment, N. G.
C, Captain G. l>. Holtum commanding.
SECOND DIVISION.
Marshal— J. S. Selby.
Aids— R. J. I^angford. A. P. Murgotten.
l'ack train representing "Days of '40," by
the Santa Clara County Pioneers.
Pioneers in carriages.
Sons and Daughters of Plone*ers of Santa
Clara County in carriages.
THIRD DIVISION.
Marshal — F. M. Marshall.
Aid?— J. J. Ryan, H. C. Eagehorn.
California Parlor Drum and Bugle Corps.
California Parlor Xo. 1.
Pacific Parlor No. 10.
Mission Parlor No. 38.-
Presldent of the Day L. F. Bylngton, past
grand president.
Orator of the Day H. R. McNoble. grand
president, and Hon. D. M. Burnett In carriage*.
' Gi and officers N. S. G. W. in carriages.
FOURTH DIVISION.
Marshal, T. A. Carroll.
Aids— E. Cook, G. B. Cottle.
El Dorado Drum Corps.
El Dorado Parlor No. 52.
Alamftla Parlor No. 47.
San Frcncisco Parlor No. 49.
Stanford Drum Corps.
Stanford Parlor No. 76.
Mount Tamalpala Parlor No. 64.
Oakland Parlor No. t>0, In tally-ho six-in
hand.
FIFTH DIVISION.
Marshal. W. H. Harrison.
Aids— Mark Noon, Dr. W. J. Smyth.
Sociality Club Band.
Orinda Parlor No. 56. N. D. G. W.
Rlncon Parlor No. 72.
Bay City Parlor No. 104.
Nlantic Parlor No. 108.
National Parlor No. US.
Piedmont Parlor No. 120.
SIXTH DIVISION.
Marshal, JoFeph F. Hancock.
Aids — J. S. Williams, Carroll Wayne.
Hesperian Drum Corps.
Hesperian Parlor No. 137.
Alcatras Parlor Xo. 145.
Halcyon Parlor No. 146.
Preclta Parlor Drum Corps.
Preclta Parlor No. 187.
Brooklyn Parlor No. 151.
South San Francisco Parlor Drum Corps.
South Kan Francisco Parlor No. 157.
Sea Point Parlor No. 158.
SEVENTH DIVISION.
Marshal. John F. Linehan.
AidB — Frank Mordacal, H. Struve.
Alcalde Drum Corns.
Alcalde Drill Corps, Captain J. Staude com
manding.
Alcalde Parlor No. 154.
Watsonville Parlor No. 65.
Santa Clara Parlor No. 100.
Sequoia Drum Corps. » ¦
Sequoia Parlor No. 160.
Menlo Parlor No. 185.
Presidio Parlor No. 194.
Athens Parlor No. 105.
EIGHTH DIVISION.
Marshal — I. I* Koppel.
Aids— Miss Lottie Wade. Mrs. Elsie Doerr,
Mips Florine Rock. Miss May Wade.
Olympus Drum Corps.
Olympus Parlor No. ISO.
Minerva Parlor No. 2, N. D. G. W.
Fremont Parlor No. CO, N. D. G. W.
Las Lomas Parlor No. 72, N. D. G. "W.
San Jose Parlor No. 81, N. D. G. W.
Genevleve Parlor No. 132, N. D. G. W.
Marshall Parlor Drum Corps.
Marshall Parlor No. 202, N. S. G. W.
Vendome Parlor No. 100. N. D. G. W., en
cavalcade.
NINTH DIVISION.
Marshal — J. A. Belloli Jr. Alds^ — Thomas J.
McGeoRhegan, Charles Thompson.
Army and Navy Bugle fforps.
Army and Navy Parlor No. 207.
Dolores Parlor No. 208.
Berkeley Parlor No. 210.
Twin Peaks Drum and Fife Corps.
Twin Peaks Parlor No. 214.
Mountain View Parlor No. 215.
University Parlor No. 216.
El Capltan Parlor No. 222. .
TENTH DIVISION.
Marshal— H. A. Pflster. Aids— Louis Gal
raud. Charles Hastings.
Band.
San Jose 'Parlor No. 22.
Palo Alto Parlor No. 82.
League of the Cross Drum and Bugle Corps.
Observatory Parlor No. 177.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Brilliant Parade
on Dazzling
Streets.
Mrs. Plannette Testifies
at Patton State In
stitution.
Los Angeles Capitalist
No Longer Park Com
missioner.
Fugitive From Asylum
Has Revenge for Fan
cied Wrong.
Accused Arraigned and Court
Will Await Wife's
, Recovery..
Man Who Once Arrested Him
in Oregon Shot at
• . Guerneville.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 8.— It to*
almost midnight when the Board of Man
agers of the Patton State Hospital ccn
cluded its first day's inquiry Investigat
ing the charges of cruelty in the ca.<e of
the Rev. C. H. Plannette, which were
first looked into three weeks ago.
Mrs. Plannette, wife of the recer.t in
mate, the husband having been In a pri
vate hospital in Los Angeles for a -week.
was the star witness. She was on tha
stand for half an hour, during whldi
time she bitterly assailed all connected
with the hospital. She testified that her
husband had been terribly mistreated.
In addition to Mrs. Plannette's vigor
ous statements, three other witnesses
were introduced substantiating her testi
mony. Two of these witnesses, patients
at the hospital, swore to having seen
Plannette choked in a brutal manner.
The third, a former patient, testified to
having seen ugly bruises on the minis
ter's body, as the result of a beating at
the hands of attendants.
In answer to charges made by patients
while on the stand, the hospital officials
stated that th«lr evidence was not re
sponsible. The investigation will proba
bly continue until Thursday or possibly
Friday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Sept. 8.— A flre to-day at An
derson destroyed the two-story Odd Fel
lows' Hall, the one-story Anderson Ath
letic Hall and a ten-room dwelling owned
by S. G. Roycroft, causing a loss of £S0O;
insurance J3C00.
Fire Destroys Anderson Halls.
TULARE, Sept. 8. — Six cars of extra
freight train No. 1230 were ditched a few
miles north of Tular© early thl3 eveninjr
and as a result all trains are being held
here until the wreck can be cleared, which
will take at least twelve hours. A hot
box caused the wreck and two of the- six
derailed cars are In splinters, while two
others are in an almost like condition.
Freight Train Cars "Wrecked.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 8.-A. J. McKin
non, former Sheriff of Washington. Coun
ty, Or., was shot and Instantly killed thi»
morning at Guernevllle, twenty miles
northwest of here, by an escaped lunatic
from the Ukiah. asylum, named Jerraud.
. McKinnon came here two or three years
ago, after having resigned his office in
Oregon, and purchased a ranch not far
from town. It seems that while Sher
iff he was once compelled to take Jer
raud to an asylum in Oregon and for that
the latter cherished resentment. \ .
As McKinnon and" Jacob Joos, the lat
ter a well known business man of this
place and Guerneville, were sitting to
gether on Joost's porch Jerraud came
along, pulled a pistol and fired without
warning. His aim was perfect and Mc-
Kinnon toppled over dead.
McKinnon's death is deeply regretted,
as he had made many friends since tak
ing up his residence in this county. Jer
raud escaped, but officers are on his trail.
He got away from the Ukiah asylum two
months aco. »
Hotel Guests Catch a Thief.
• LOS ANGELES, Sept. 8.— Thomas
Smith was caught while trying to rob a
guest's trunk at the J Hotel Argyle to
night. The intruder made a fight, but
•was set upon by several guests and over
powered. Later he was turned over to
an officer. In his pockets was found a
quantity of Jewelry. He was booked for
burglary.
Special Dlapatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 8.— Colonel Grif
fith J. Griffith fail«d to send to Mayor
Snyder to-day his resignation as a mem
ber of the Board of Park Commissioners
and in conformity with the announcement
made yesterday the Mayor issued an of
ficial statement of his removal from, that
office.
Under the provisions of the city charter
the Mayor has the power to remove a
Commissioner with the approval of the
City Council, and there Is little doubt
but that body will approve his action.
A successor to Griffith has been decided
upon, but until it- ia known that he will
accept official announcement of his ap
pointment will not be made. It Is con
sidered probable that Colonel Griffith will
take no steps to prevent the City Coun
cil from approving the Mayor's action,
but that he will pay no attention to the
matter.
The case against Griffith on the charge
of attempting to murder his wife was
called In the Police Court to-day. Grif
fith appeared In court, accompanied by
his eon. After he had been formally ar
raigned the attorneys agreed upon Oc
tober 2 as the date for the examination.
The agreement was reached that If Mrs.
Griffith Is unable to be present on that
date the time will be extended.
Mrs. Griffith Is slowly recovering from
tho effect of her Injuries. The danger
point Is not yet passed, but with a con
tinuation of the present favorable condi
tion her ultimate recovery will be only
a matter of weeks. It was announced to
day by her physicians that she proba
bly wjll not be able to leave the hospital
in less than a month.
Tell Your Eastern Friends.
Colonist rates from the East to California
via Southern Pacific begin September 15 and
close- November 30. The rate, makes It easy
for settlers to see the great West.
Line Will Include
Sone Historic
CommitteesCrown
Labors With
¦ ¦¦••.¦¦' *
OUttcSS.
LUNATIC KILLS
FORMER SHERIFF
WOMAN ASSAILS
THE HOSPITAL
Visitors Throng
City in Butte
County.
Pretty Spectacle
Marchers Will
Present.
Guests Will Have
Abundance of
Cheer.
MAYOR OUSTS
COL. GRIFFITH
SAN JOSE GREETS
MERRY THOUSANDS
FROM THE TRAINS
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
RESPLENDENT CHICO BEGINS CELEBRATION AT NIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9. 1903.
•BUTTE. Mont.. Sept. 8. — Snow fell here to
day and the mercury has dropped ' to fifty
degrees.
4
XJEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THK
'WEST. 24 Port «.. E&n Francisco. CaL
V*ta.btlsh«4 40 y«u-a. Open entire year.
Write for Illustrated catalogue (free).
A POLYTECHNIC
y^ Dullness College and
«£: 6cnool cf Entfneer-
_ VffcSS^' f>*A» . lcf. Oakland. Cal.
J£r-"V. Li*2l»iC*«i Largest and beat
fc^-'-tw^^r^^r' «l«lrped school ot
EllE jaiU MiT^WjW buelnees ehorthan'l
Bficvi fg^kWlfer'Il. and engineering wtit
J?^'lJ^VVite 1 %it^C cf Chicago. Perfect
J^pVMmMmmKjfKBBe^ climate, expenses low.
™^ - l2i.^B™rS^Zj* Write for free 100-
pe-ge catalogue.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK. BERKELET.
Boarding and day school for boys under 13 yean
cf age. Studies commence MONDAY, August 3.
1603. 6ecd for prospectus to tiro. Genebrao.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL
Etndiea will be resumed MONDAY. August 3.
l»O3. BRO. ZEXONIAX. President.
.CUTLERif
EVER^BLADEWRRANTB)
DR.PIERCtS
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERS
FOR THE
BLOOD.LIVER.LUNGS.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD UEE DAMIANA BITTERS. THK
Great Mexican Remedy ; gives health and
•strength to nexuai organ*. Depot. 323 Market.
SPECIALTIES
Advertised by Responsible firms of S. F.
| o j— WEEKLY CALL
Limner Habits Pot i-
, Carei. KO PAW »O PAGES,
1 MO SCr?EEINS.
»Ji£Z?t -SI' per Vear,
— ] IN BLACK, WHITE AND RED {
FREE NEXT SUNDAY
rP$j£pfcfr$£jf'- \-J:' v'- J -'J '•****¦*¦¦ ""%£¦¦ T*'>'*' r .:- ,, J"i "?s''i Sj u *\ "*' *"*1""* ¦/*.... ' .. ¦ ¦ ........ ¦¦.¦¦¦; V v ¦,....¦ .. ¦ • *. ¦ . 3B5E2tP^¥v5P'"^MF£?^^5**^"- "" ' ' . . ¦
k ""• Ksifs ¦ ¦''x' S- '•' "¦•£-¦ ¦' ipfivtiyiT/x -" ¦¦¦'¦ * ?¦• *' * * •¦""'* < "'¦ ' '*' '-' ¦¦'"¦¦¦ '¦¦'¦¦ ¦ t '¦ ' ' ' ' ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦? ' '¦*¦ ¦' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦' ¦-- *••.¦.-¦. -. * ¦i. '¦'•>. ' , ..
MEDITATION.
TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL
Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents.
THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLfMEMTS
• The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplest::
SACRAMENTO— Hevener. Mier & street; Gage's art store. 509 Kast SAN DIEGO — W. P Fuller &. Co..
Co., 615 J street; O.-N. Davis, book Main street; "Weber's art store, 425 71 F street.
store, 817 K street. ¦ East Main street. FRESNO Sronce & Dick
"M P Sr rA K MA "" tt - B - GatermUte ' J « A W?VILLE-G W. Hall. REDDIN^-W? H Bergh. "Bergh
aWIXoi- r. t> • ,r r OAKLAND— E. J. Saake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company"; T. J. Houston.
SA ? 1 JOSE— George Denne, M. Len- graph avenue: A. A. Barlow. 369 Houston Furniture Company,
zen & Son. Twelfth street. RED./OOD CITY \V U. F*.*ie
STOCKTON— Morris Bros.' book ALAMEDA-C. P. Magagnos, 1358 SANTA CRUZ-H. E.' Irlsh.Tooke
store, 20 JJorth El Dorado street; Park street. Bros.. F. R. Hew. George Hoban.
Stockton Racket store. 711 East Main CHICO— Fetters & Williams. JACKSON— E. G. Freeman Co.• • •
Mrs. Charles L. Clough returned from
the East last week. Most *of her time
away was spent in Maine.
hoe. They Intend traveling for a year or
more.
September 17. via Southern Paclflc, will be
etrlctly first-class and personally conducted^
Go in by Intylration Point and conie out by
Glacier Point. The trip will occupy five dayn
and includes all day at Wawona and a visit
to the BlK-Trew. The rate, $48*50. covers all
necessary expfnws. Itinerary at Information
Bureau. <U3 Market street. • .
That Yosemite Excursion
NEW YORK. Sept. 8.— The State Re
publican Committee to-day named Judge
Dennis O'Brien for re-election to the
Court of Appeals. Judge O'Brien was
named by the Democrats to be his own
successor last week.
O'Brien Choice of Both Parties.
BALTIMORE, Sept. 8. — Charles J.
Jones, a colored boy 12 years old, con
fessed to the police to-day that he mur
dered Miss Caroline I-lnk, who was found
on August 28 in a dying condition in the
candy store where t she was employed.
Colored Boy Confesses a Murder.
TOPEKA. Kans., Sept. S.— Judge Hazen
to-day sentenced Mine Operators John
Jack and John Bell to jail until such a
period as they might conclude to answer
the questions of the attorneys in the coal
trust inaulry. The men had refused to
testify on the theory that It might in
criminate them. The prisoners will ap
peal to the Supreme Court.
S^nds Mine Ouners to Prison.
dent has made the following promotions
and appointments In the diplomatic ser
vice:
John W.^Riddl* of Minnesota, now fir^t
seerftary <*' «r.basiry at St. Petersburg, to be
Oonpul General and diplomatic agent at Cairo,
in j>laoe of John G. Lnnir. deceased.
irrH-noer F. JJ<3dy of Illinois, now secretary
at kTeticn af^onstantinople. to be first »ec
rptaty of embassy at ?t. Petersburg.
Peter A. Jay of Rhode Island, now secre
tary of legation at Constantinople, to be first
secretary.
riysws Grant Smith of Pennsylvania, to be
second • secretary of legation at Constantinople.
The following changes In the consular
service were announced at the State De
partment to-day:
VTilliam U. Halloway. transferred from
<"on*u! General at St. PetersburK to Consul
<;.neral at Hallffix.
Kthelbert Watts, transferred from Consul
at Prague to Consul General at St. Peters
burg.
L*. J. Ledoux, transferred from Consul at
Three Hivers. Quebec, to Consul at Prague.
• 'hurch Howe, transferred from Consul at
Sheffield. England, to Consul General at Ant
werp.
• 'harles N. T>a,nielF of Connecticut has tjeen
Bj>polnted to the Vacancy at Sheffield, Eng
land.
Frerident and the State Department
Announce Several Promotions
and Appointments.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 8.— The Presi-
CHANGES IN DIPLOMATIC
AND CONSTJLAB,. SEBVICE
LISBON, Sept. 8.— King Edward has ap
pointed the King of Portugal as an ad
miral in. the British navy as a token of
the friendship between the two countries
which was strengthened by his Majesty's
recent visit to Portugal.
Confers Admiralty Upon King.
where the exercises and games will be
enjoyed.
The committee of arrangements has
worked diligently under the chairmanship
of I. H. McGinney, while the reception
committee has been directed by Colonel
Thomas F. Barry. Gaelic dancing will
begin at 1 o'clock and the literarv exer
cises at 2:30. At 3:30 o'clock the athletic
games will begin. There has also been
arranged a long programme of dances.
HONOLULU, Sept. 8.— The Circuit
Court Judges have granted the petition
of Attorney George. A. Davis, who was
disbarred from practice in these Islands
by the Supreme Court for alleged unpro
fessional conduct, and w&ho appealed for
a rehearing of the evidence against .him.
Pending a review of the case by the Su
preme Court In October Davis will be
allowed to resume practice in the local
courts. " v
Davis Granted a Behearing.
Miss Florence French Be
comes the* "Wife of
George Campini.
MELBOURNE, Victoria, Sept. 8.— The
Government was defeated to-day in the
commonwealth House of Representatives
by the adoption of a labor amendment
making the conciliation bill apply to rail
way servants. The Ministers are consid
ering their position.
Labor Amendment Is Adopted.
YOUNG BUSINESS MAN AND
CHARMING GIRL WHO BE
CAME HIS BRIDE.
SANDUSKY, Ohio. Sept. 8.— The fish
ing tug Louise, which it was feared had
gone down with more than 100 passengers
in the big storm on Lake Erie yesterday,
arrived here to-day from Leamington.
Ont. Very rough weather was encoun
tered and after a terrific struggle with
the waves the Louise got into the lee
of Pe'.ee Island, where she lay until the
storm had subsided.
Steamship Louise Is Safe.
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— The Hamburg-
American liner Deutschland. which reach
ed port to-day, made the trip in 5 days
11 hours 54 minutes. The best previous
record of the Deutschland fram Cher
bourg was 5 days 12 hours 23 minutes,
made in August, 1901. She has thus re
duced her westeward record by twenty
nine minutes.
Idner Deutschland's Fast Trip.
HALLE, Prussia. Sept. 8.— The Em
peror, who Is attending the army maneu
vers in this vicinity, slept last night un
der a huge asbestos tent.
To-day he led a cavalry corps composed
of sixteen regiments on the Prussian, or
so called Red army side, against the
Saxon army, otherwise the Blue. The
Empress and Princess Victoria followed
the operations in a carriage.
The Emperor was in the field before 7
o'clock this morning. The 12.000 horses
led by the Emperor kicked up a great
deal of dust on the dry fields. over which
they passed, which betrayed the move
ment of the cavalry. The Saxons, who
were entrenched and who had cleverly
posted their artillery, received the attack
with the fire of all their machine and
other quick firing guns in a way that In
real warfare would have quickly deci
mated the Emperor's force. But the Em
peror galloped on in a whirlwind of dust,
penetrated the Saxon lino and the umpire
decided that the Saxons were defeated
and caused them to retreat across the
Saale. •
On Saturday an agreement was reached
by which counsel for the stockholders
were given to understand that the book*
of the company were open for their In
spection. When counsel for the stock
holders called at the company's office to
day they were told that the books had
b*.en removed to Sault Ste. Marie, Cana
da. Counsel for the complaining stock
holders will now begin suit against the
company and if they cannot reach the
books through the courta of the ITniteJ
States they declare they will apply to the
Canadian courts.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. S.— That th«
Consolidated Lake Superior Company,
whfch has extensive interests on th®
Great Lake? and in Canada, and which
is capitalized at more than J10O.00O.00O.
will be involved in litigation with some of
its stockholders now seems inevitable.
These stockholders, headed by E. Clar
ence Miller, a banker of this city, wan{
to know the names, subscriptions and de*
tails of the $11,000,000 underwriting stock
syndicate. They say that more than $7.
000.000 of thess subscriptions ar« unpaid.
Counsel for the stockholders last week
threatened to bring mandamus proceed
ings and force the company to show its
books.
Wednesday forenoon the congress will
move to Lead, and hold morning, noon
and evening sessions there.
Dr. J. E. Todd, State Geologist of South
Dakota, on "Geology of South Dakota";
Dr. James D. Irving, "Washington, D. C,
on ."Ore Deposits of the Northern Black
Hills," and- James W. Abbott, Denver, on
"Good Roafis for Mines."
Addresses were made on behalf of the
State by Gavernor Charles N. Herrid, and
on behalf of the city of Deadwood by
Mayor McDonald.
President Richards responded In the
name of the American Mining Congress,
and other responses were made by a num
ber of delesates.
At the afternoon session President Rich
ards in his annual acjdress made a con
vincing argument for asking that Con
gress pass a law creating a department
of mines and mining with a Cabinet rep
resentative. He recommended that action
be taken by the mining congress looking
to the establishment of a permanent home
for the Ofganlzatlon and a permanent
working staff.
Other addresses at the afternoon ses
sion were by Edward F. Brown of Den
ver on "Incorrectness of Government
Mining Statistics," and Nelson II. Darton,
"Washington, D. C, on "Work of the Geo
logical Survey In the Black Hills."
At\ the night session the following pa
pers were read:
GREATNESS OF AMERICA.
A people's prosperity is not measured by Its
capacity to produce more than by Its capacity
to consume, and ;his capacity to consume is in
turn dependent upon the earning capacity of
th* individual, and the earning capacity of the
individual is again dependent upon native and
acquired ability. So If America be great. It Is
because God in Hl5 wisdom stored the moun
tains with the richest minerals, overlaid the
valleys wira a most fertile soil and then cave
it to people competent, in some slight degree
at least, to improve their opportunities.
The congress was called to order by the
president, Hon. J. H. Richards of Boise.
Idaho, in the rink at 10 o'clock this morn
ing. The rink holds 800 persons and It
was occupied almost entirely by dele
gates, who represented most of the States
of the Union. Prayer was offered by
Bishop John Stariha of Lead, S. D.
We grow three-fourths of the world's cotton
fibre -and our ability to produce this staple is
far above the present product.
We produce 40 per cent of the world's output
of iron and steel. During the first half* of 1903
¦we produced nearly 10.000.000 tons of pislron.
We produce more coal than Great Britain,
more than twice as much as Germany, and
nearly double that of all countries except Great
Britain and Germany.
Secretary Shaw said in part:
It Is an error to rate the importance of our
mafy industries according to their relative pro
ductiveness. Our factories and workshops pro
duced H2.0O0.00O.0OO gross j n 1000; aprlculture,
51 (KX),(X)O.OnO; factors. $2,000,000,000. an-1
mines Jl.COO.000,000. aCout equally divided be
tween metallic and non-metallic products, 'iet.
It must occur to all thst manufacture — appar
ently our greatest wealth producing industry —
Is dependent upon iron, copper. lead, zinc and
other metres, and equally upon coal and other
non-metallic minerals. Our manufacturing ln
tercets v.-ould dwindle into insignificance but
for our mines.
'Manufacture is equally dependent upon agri
culture for cotton, flax, wool and other prody
uctx of the field and herd. Our commercial,
industrial und financial supremacy is, there
fore, not dependent upon any one fact, or in
terest cr condition, but upon all combined.
AVc produce practically 30.000,000 tos of iron
ore, as much as any other two countries and
one-third cf the world's output.
DEADWOOD. S. D., Sept. S.-The
American Mining Congress to-day began
Its sixth annual session, interest center
ing in a talk by Secretary of the Treas
ury Shaw. The Secretary was given a
warm welcome by the delegates, who fre
; quently applauded his statements, and
| when he had finished speaking, gave him
¦ a rising vote of thanks and three rousing
j cheers. The congress also unanimously
, elected him an hononary member and ap
pointed a committee of three to draft;
I resolutions thanking President Roosevelt
j for his recognition of the congress in
sending. Secretary Shaw to represent him
j before It.
j The Secretary was scheduled to address
, the congress on "The Mining Industry
[ and lt<? Relation to American Finances."
j He said he wished to correct the in>
j pression that he was to deliver an ad
' dress because he really did not know
j anything about mining. We make a mis
| take, he said, if v.e estimate the lmport
! ance of our different industries according
: to their relative products.
: He referred to the necessitv of in
j creased markets for our' products, saying
! -he would rather have the market of the
| United States th.in all of the markets of
i the rest of the world: would rather havs
j the productive capacity of the United
i States than the productive capacity of
j nearly all the rest of the world. He said
: we have to get some more markets for
| our products. As to how many more mar
kets are to be created he pointed to the
. countries lying to the south of the United
' States and said in his judgment the Gov
¦ eminent could, without paternalism, en
i courage installation of greater steamship
! lines us it had aided two great railroads
i to the Pacific Coast, and which would be
i a certain measure for the increase of our
I markets.
{ FAVORS MINING BUREAU.
Alluding to that portion of President
{ Richards' annual address in which he
j urged the creation of a department of
¦ mines and mining. Secretary Shaw said
I he wa3 heartily in favor of the Govern
| ment doing everything It can. short of
| paternalism, in support of the mining in
| dustry of the country. He "would not,
: however, have the gentlemen of this con
fyjress go away with the idea that he
; advocated the formation of a special de
' partment of mining, with representation
j in the Cabinet, suggesting that its needs
! could properly be attended to through
' a bureau, which should form part of the
; Department of Commerce and Labor and
! pointing out how other important Indus
| tries had been taken care of in the same
. manner.
Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Nathan of 1617 Van
JCces avenue have given up their home
and are now at Tahoe Tavern. Lake Ta-
Mr. and Mrs. Byron Mauzy and fam
ily, accompanied by* Miss ' Mauzy, Miss
Young. Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Batkln and
MIt;s Batkln, are at Del Monte for a few
days.
The George D. Toys and Miss Mabel
Toy have returned from San Rafael and
taken a house on Vallejo street for the
winter.
Dr. Harry S. K'erstedt. United States
army, has recovered from his Illness and
resumed his duties at Fort Mlley.
Mrs. A. B. Johnston and Miss Johnston
have returned to their home at Vancou
ver barracks after a few weeks' visit
among friends In this city.
Mrs. Arthur MacArthur Jr. is staying
at Fort Mason during the absence of
General'and Mrs. MacArthur.
The Mills Club will hold Its first
meeting of the season next Tuesday af
ternoon at the Sorosis Club rooms on Cal
ifornia street.
The California State Floral Society will
hold a complimentary dahlia show next
Friday, September 11, at Elks' Hall, 233
Butter street. The hours will be from 12
to 5 p. m., when there will doubtless be
a large and fashionable attendance, as
many prominent people are Interested In
the success of the affair.
The regular Tuesday flight hop at the
Presidio Club was -a very pleasant affair,
and informal dancing was enjoyed until
ehortly before midnight. The officers of
the Seventh and their wives were the
center of much interest and heard on all
sides expressions of deep regret that they
were about to depart for Manila.
Miss Suzanne Blandlng was hostess at
an informal tea yesterday afternoon at
her home, where cordial hospitality was
extended to a pleasant party of friends.
The bride was charmingly gowned in
champagne colored crepe de chine and
carried a bouquet of Bride roses. She
was attended by Miss Elsie Irving, maid
of honor. Charles H. Rogers, brothel of
the groom, was best man. The bride's
mother was becomingly gowned in black
silk. ?
Many beautiful and costly presents were
received by the popular couple. After a
wedding breakfast Mr. and Mrs. Rogers
departed for Del Monte, Santa Cruz and
other points, where they wil spend two
weeks of their honeymoon. Upon their
return to this city the couple will reside
for a time at the home of the bride's
mother.
Mr. Rogers was tendered an elaborate
banquet on Sunday evening by a number
of his friends at a down town restaurant.
It was the scene of congratulations and
8peechmaking. Those present were: J.
W. Rogers, A. Ruef. C. W. Ellis, H. J.
Alexander. Edward Baxter, C. H. J. Tru
man, fiamuel Egan, C. W. Baker, J. Bar
ber, Captain Taylor. Hugh W. Fraser, J.
A. Plymire, Judge A. Wheeler, Frank M.
Stevens. Charles Weldon, .Henry L. Mar
tin, James T. Ker.ney, George L. Groves,
Edward T. Duredon and F. H. Dakln.
Miss Florence I. Porter and John W.
Rogers were the principals in a pretty
home wedding yesterday noon, witnessed
by the relatives of both families, twenty
five in number. The nuptials took place
at the home' of the bride, 133 Haight
street. Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille of Oakland
officiating.
The bride is the charming and accom
plished daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John T.
Porter "ar.d the groom is the son of Air.
and Mrs. James S. Rogers of this city
and a prominent city official, appointed
some time ago president of the Civil Ser
vice Commission.
• • •
There was no reception, as Mr. and
Mrs. Campini left immediately for South
ern California. After a brief honeymoon
the youns; couple will reside in this city,
where the groom is engaged in the elec
•trical business. - .
The guests numbered but fifty. Sena
tor French gave his daughter into the
keeping of the groom, but there were no
other attendants. The bride, a pretty
brunette, was a picture in her gown of
cream etamine over taffeta, with elabor
ate trimming of velvet bands, lace medal
lions and - French knots. She wore no
veil, but instead, a simple rose in her
hair and carried a bouquet of delicate
tea roses.
of Senator Frank French, became
the bride of George Campini. The cere
mony was performed at 10 o'clock by Rev.
Father Connelly.
ST. PAUL'S Catholic Church
was the scene of an interesting
wedding yesterday morning when
Miss Florence French, daughter
Addresses were also delivered by Gov
ernors Odell, Chamberlain and McCul
lough and Lieutenant Governor Guild of
Massachusetts.
A k-iter from President Roosevelt was
then read, regretting his inability to at
tend the dedication.
The day** ceremonies began with a re
vipw of the troops by the quartet of
Governors.
Following the review Governor Odell
held an impromptu reception.
The oration was delivered by United
States Senator Chauncey M. Depew.
Frederick de Peystcr. president of the
Society of Colonial Wars, turned over
the monument to the New York State
Society.
James William Beekman, Governor of
the Slew York Society, accepted the mon
ument in behalf of the society.
The north:
Confidence instph-efl by the victory of an In
estimable army to the army in the War of the
Ilevoiutioa.
On the west face are the words:
Battle of Lake George, September R. 17.*>5.
TSKft. Tii» Society of Colonial Wars erected
this monument to commemorate the victory
oX ths Col.-nial forces, finder General Johnson,
sitJ ihc Mohawk allies, under Chief Hendrlok.
over the French regular*, commanded by Bar^n
nteskau. with the Canadian and Indian al
lies.
On the south face it reads:
IVfeat would have opened the road to Albany
to the French.
The bronze figures of the monument
were designed by Albert W. Einert. the
sculptor, and represent the Indian chief
tain. Kins: Hendrirk. demonstrating to
Genera! Johnson the futility of dividing
his forces. Thp figures, which stand on
a gTanite pedestal, are nine fc?t high.
Thp monument stands in the center of
Battle Park, overlooking the lake. On
the cast face is the following Inscription:
LAKE GEORGE. N. Y.. Sept. S.-In thr
presence of thousands of excursionists
'torn New York. Vermont, Massachusetts
and Connecticut, representatives of pa
triotic societies of New York and New
England, representatives of Lhe official
life of these States, the Governors of
>.'ow York. New Hampshire. Connecticut
find Massauhusf tts, stationed at the four
corners of the monument, pulled , the
string? which unveiled the monument of
the battle of Lake Georre. The canvas
which had hidden the figures dropped and
the- puns of the Kirst Battery belched
forth a national salute.
Book3 Are Sent to Canada
When Demand Is Made
to Inspect Them.
Charges Artillery Forces and
Is Declared Victor by
Umpire.
Secretary Shaw Favors the
.Creation of a Mining
Bureau. /
Governors of Four States
Take Part in Impressive .
Ceremonies.
ONE of the most important scien
tific and educational congresses
*ever held in the United States
and one in which San Francisco
is deeply interested will assemble
at "Washington, D. C, next year, when
the International Geographical Society
begins Its important labors.
So far as this State Is concerned the in
vitation to Join in the congress has al
ready been received by Dr. Frederick W.
d'Evelyn, president of the Geographical
Society of California, from Alexander
Graham Bell, president of the National
Geographical Society, Washington, D. C.
The committee appointed by the last
international geographical congress, held
in Berlin in 1899, determined on America
as its next ground for deliberations.
Leading geographers from England, Ger
many, France, Russia, Austria. Italy, In
dia, Australia. Canada and Belgium are
to be present and will be accompanied
by delegates from foreign universities
and scientific institutions from every part
of the world.
It Is probable that a visit-may be paid
America by King Leopold on the occa
sion of the assembling of the congress, as
his Majesty has always taken deep per
sonal Interest in geographical and scien
tific deliberations and it is confidently
.rumored that he may take this special
opportunity to come here.
Already committees are looking toward
the visit of the distinguished men who
will hold their principal, scientific and
social sessions first in Washington, D. C,
then in New York, Philadelphia, Balti
more, Chicago and San Francisco. A pre
liminary announcement has been issued
by the committee at Washington, invit
ing: titles, abstracts,. manuscripts and pa
pers with local reports of sub-committee3,
which should be forwarded as rapidly as
possible to W. J. McGee, chairman of
the committee of arrangements, Washing
ton. D. C.
The San Francisco local committee con
sists of Dr. Frederick W. d'Evelyn, pres
ident of the Geographical Society of Cal
ifornia; Professor George Davidson, Uni
versity of California, and John Muir,
Sierra Club, San Francisco.
CEI/TIC UNION PREPARES
FOR DAY AT GLEN PARK
Elaborate Programme Arranged for
Third Annual Festival and Big 1
Attendance Is Assured.
Elaborate arrangements for the third
annual festival of the Celtic Union are
complete and to-day the members and
their friends will journey to Glen Park,
Takes a Prominent Part
in War Maneuvers
Near Halle.
Meet in Sixth Annual
Session at City of
, Deadwood.
Dissatisfied Stockhold
ers Threaten to Sue
Big Corporation.
Monument of the Battle
jof Lake George Is
Unveiled.
QUESTION ACTS
OF DIRECTORS
EMPEROR LEADS
CAVALRY CORPS
MINERS LISTEN
TO BRIGHT TALKS
MARRIED
SIMPLY AT
ST. PAUL'S
MEN OF GREAT LEARNING
TO DELIBERATE IN CITY
World Famed Scientists to Meet at International
Geographical Congress Here Next Year in Which
It Is Said King LeopokkMay Take Active Part
HISTORIC PAST
IS REMEMBERED
THE t SAK 1KAKU1SUU CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1903.
SAN FRANCISCAN WHO WILL.
ATTEND INTERNATIONAL
GEOGRAPHICAL CONGRESS.
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
\B Airs. Tupman, a prominent,
lady of Richmond, Va., a great
sufferer with woman's troubles,
tells bow she was cured.
"For some years I suffered with
backache, severe bearing-down pains,
leucorrhcEa, and falling of the womb.
I tried many remedies, but nothing
jjave any positive relief.
" I comirenced tailing L,ydia E.
Pinkham*s Vcsretable Compound
ia June, 1901. "K hen I had taken the
first half bcttlf, I felt a vast improve-
ment, and hare now taken ten bottles
with the rrcnlt that I feel like a new
woman. When I commenced taking-
the Vegetable Compound I felt aii
vrorn out t-nd was fast approaching
complete nervous collapse. I weighed
only OS pounds. Now I -neigh lOO'H
pounds and ta improving 1 every day
J gladly testify to tbe benefite re-
ceived."— Mas. E. C- TCPMAN, 423 Wcut
SOth St., nichmend, Va.— $5000 forfeit
tyigwei cf ctoot letttr proving fftnuintneu cannot
be produced.
v When a mc<iicine has been •»«••-
cessful in more than a million
cases, is it justice to yourself to
?ay. without trying: it, "I do act
lK>liev«i it would help xue?
Surely you cannot ¦vrisa to r«i-
main wenk and -sick.
Mrs. Pfnkliam, whose address
is Lynn, Itlaps., will answer chet /-
fully and vritbout cost all letters
addressed to her by sick wom' 1^.
J*err»£ns she has just the knowl-
edge that will help your cas«t —
try her to-day — it costs nothtnc*.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
come to all who are forced to overtax them in their g \^^kT^^^^
daily duties. Ever realize that it isn't really the back #
that's tired, but the kidneys? The kidneys are over- I MM/r?^^^
worked, become congested, and when they "play-out" I . f/^^pM^^ ' 1
the back will tell you. | V f
Healthy people have strong backsr / \ fll^ \vp|f
Learn to be healthy through keeping the kidneys active. \\Jq 1 g
Doan's Kidney Piils .keep the kidneys active, correct Jf
and cure infrequent or excessive urinary discharges, \
painful urination and all bladder and kidney troubles.
I F^oan's Sidney Pills !
Cure tired backs and backs that ache and pain from kidney ills* Doan's Kidney
Pills cure all kidney and bladder disorders, inflammation of the bladder, urinary de-
rangements, Diabetes, Bright's disease*
A TRIAL FREE. #% f" B 1% £
free trial will be sent you promptly. . .
I
It —-^^ . ¦ ,
FREE TO CALL | | BUSH STREET. » I I HYDE STREET. |
READERS. John Lewis, tailor, rear of 721 Bush f. T. Collins, silk hatter of 1010% >
street, says: "An attack of malaria, as Hyde street, says: "It is a difficult mat- i
,, - in rr in the majority of instances, was fol- tcr tQ glve grea ter praise to Doan's ,
S^fl&^Wk r^LSr^rsore^s Te Kianey Pills tha, .their «»«*£. ™
M ivSmlffidney Mmk 5 small of my back. Sitting as I am com- ertles deserve. For se . v " al w J . c .t i rs k I M^ v S
ml W'n ; ,*M pclled to do. practically .stooped, strained bothered more or less with kdnej
m\^~,J "lUS, ||Ii the muscles of the loins and athlng en- complaint, part.cularly f I contracted a
' done or my case might Become serious. s datable •»»?* ??"« J2f of thatreS"
|^ oo^.______ !pS*||^| S—^prs
M9 results obtained from the medicines \ I never would have bought a second,
ceased the moment I stopped their use. ( and if the second had not stopped the
; pfnra -s, j . and ever on the outlook for something ) last attack, and what Is better there has
"a to bring relief I at last tried Doan's Kid- \ no t been a symptom of a recurrence for
•>< .1 ney Pills. I knew after a dose or two ( slx m o nt hs. I could not be induced under
I ¦«*.«. ' ! n h ey y s. W a e ncf l^^tiSfon to publicly recom-
B orare . — g ment absolutely stopped the last attack." ) mend the preparation.die -i^^^&^i (Sl/aXi-
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 9, 1003
JOHN a SFRECKELS, P*^^
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. Tha Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third. S. V.
EDITORIAL KOOMS 217 to 221 SteTcmon St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per- Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
•T*rm» t>r M«J1. Including Postage (Cash 'With Ord»r>:
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), one year *?Vm»
CATLT CALL <inclufiln« Sunday ). 6 month* 4 <^"
DAILY CALL— Ey Single MontU •«£«
BUNDAT CALL. On« Year **"»
WEEKLY CALL, One Ye*r „
f Dally... 9S.8O Per Year Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE i Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. X.OO Per Year Extra
All rottmanter* arf otttbortaed to receive
¦nbscrtptlona.
Bsxnp!* eerie* will be forwarded when requested-
Kan «ubBcrIber» In orderinc change of address should to*
Bkrtlcular to give botH NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt aad correct compliance with their request
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1115 Broadway Telephone Mala 1OS3
DCiiKELEY OFFICE.
tl4S Center Street Telephone North 7T
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. Manager ForeJirn Adver-
U«lnc, Marqoettr IIiilldlnK. Chlcajro.
(Lcng Dl«tance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
21OBTOK E. CllAAE 14OG G Street, W. W.
JCEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX O. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT :
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Treoont House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
entll 9:80 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
B:80 o'clock. 1841 Mlaalon, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1008 Va
lencia, cpen until 0 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
until 8 o'clock. Nff. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 o'clock,'
to accept a professional engagement.
Miss Relma possesses a fine mezzo
soprano voice, with good stage presence
and rare dramatic ability, and her hosts
of friends on both continents, where she
has traveled extensively, are looking for
ward to her success.
Two of the daring footpads who have been giving
San Franciscans the shivers of late have been cap
tured by the police and identified by some of their
victims. It is sincerely to be hoped that the next
phase of their career will be confined to a long and
dishonorable service to the State, breaking rock in a
penitentiary. £';»--*
THE newly issued yearbook of the Department
oi Agriculture contains in the report of the
Secretary a striking passage upon the waste that
has followed the partial destruction of the forests
at the headwaters of the streams of the Appalachian
Mountains. That part of the United States is far
from California, but not so far but what the lesson
of its teaching should come home to us and warn
us of the danger that threatens our own land from
the waste of the woodlands.
It is estimated that during the twelve months end
ing with April, 1902, the damage done by floods re
sulting from the destruction of forests along that
mountain district approximated $18,000,000. The Te
port goes on to say: "The examinations also show as
additional results of the deforestation of these moun
tain slopes that the water powers along these streams,
which have an aggregate annual value of $20,000,000,
as a basis for manufacturing enterprises, are being
gradually but certainly destroyed through the in
creasing irregularity in the flow of the streams; that
the soil which is being washed down from the moun
tain slopes is rendering annually less navigable the
Ohio, Mississippi,' Tennessee and other rivers of the
Southeastern States; and that the rate of land ero
sion on these mountain slopes from which the forest
cover has been removed is now as great in a single
year as it was in ten centuries while the slopes were
covered with primeval forests."
A statement of that kind emanating from an official
source after expert investigation is startling. The at
tention of the. Eastern public has been drawn to the
evil and a bill is now before Congress providing for
the establishment, of a great national forest , reserve
along the Appalachian summits. The maintenance
of such a reserve will of course be highly beneficial
to. all the wide region of country through which flow
the streams that have their rise in those mountains;
but great as is the need of a good forestry system
in that section of the country^itis probably not so
great as : the need of such a system in California.
It is indeed high time for us to approach this sub
ject seriously and with a resolve to take action before
the destruction of the woods goes much further. Man
cannot afford to so waste the mountain lands as to
bring about every year an erosion. equal to that which
nature would have caused in ten centuries.
The Alaska Packers'* Association makes
the statement that Its advices received
lately from Alaska do not confirm the
news of the drowning of nine men in
Bristol Bay, as reported on August 29
by the steamer North Star. The associa
tion Is of the opinion that the news was
erroneous.
News of Drowning Doubted.
Californians in New York.
. NEW YORK, Sept. 8.— The following
Callfornlans are In New York: From San
Francisco— F. S. Burrows, at the Hoff
man; P. W. Hills, at the Imperial; S. F.
Stephens, at the Continental: W. Topper
beck, at the Imperial: N. K. Beiker, at
the Herald Square; C. E. Campbell, at the
Cosmopolitan; G. F. Pay, at the Hotel
Manhattan: Mrs. H. H. Noble, at the
Savoy; Mrs. Ralle, at the Victoria, and
Miss A. Wakins and Miss J. Walllngford,
at the Everett.
From Los Angeles— R. H. Barnwell, at
the Everett: Mlsa E. E. Dearth, at the
St. Denis; H. Glass, at the Belvedere;
Miss Goodwin, at the Continental, and
Mrs. J. M. Reynolds, at the St. Oenls.
" A report from Washington giving an account of
the manner in which the law is operated says: "The
result is declared to be most gratifying in every de
tail. No delay that has caused inconvenience to
shipper or consignee has resulted. The Department
of Agriculture receives invoices of every cargo des
tined to ports of the XJNiited States. These invoices
are sent by fast mail. The department is also in
formed by cable of shipments, and the cable advices
are made explicit, so that the mail advices need not
be awaited as a basis for the issuance of an order on
the Treasury Department for samples from that par
ticular, cargo. The use of the cable has only recently
been adopted for this purpose. The analyses have
each been completed by the chemistry bureau of the
Department of Agriculture in two days, and beyond
WHEN it was announced that the Depart
ment of Agriculture would set its chemists
.to work to inspect every kind and grade of
food and of drink products that reached our custom
houses seeking access to our markets there was a
clamor from Europe that we should have trouble.
So insistent were the declarations of hostility to the
new law that the officials of the Department of Ag
riculture were compelled to repeat again and again
their assurances that the enforcement of the new
policy would injure no legitimate industry, but on
the contrary would benefit one and all by ridding
them of the competition of unscrupulous manufactur
ers of adulterated or falsely labeled goods.
The law has now been in force for some time, and
the results have proven that the fears of injury to
foreign producers and of possible retalia
tion on the part of European Governments were ut
terly unfounded. In fact, the former exporters of
objectionable goods have profited by the warning
given by the publication of the law and have made
no effort to get their goods into our market. It is
stated that while upward of a hundred cargoes of for
eign food and drink products have been inspected by
the government chemists, not a single sample has
shown the slightest adulteration.
A VANISHED BUGABOO.
THE WASTE OF FORESTS.
A San Francisco man secured a divorce a few days
ago because his wife insisted upon parading before
him in tights and smoking cigarettes just to be tough.
If it would not appear like seeking to satisfy an un
reasonable curiosity it might be interesting to know
to what extreme the lady would have gone had she
conceived the thought of being tougher.
Ty?O LOCATIONS-W. T. K, Chinese
Camp, Cal. It has been held that there
is no provision of law to prevent parties
from locating other claims upon the same
lode, outside of the first location made
on the lode or vein. If a lode or vein
3000 feet in length is discovered two loca
tions may be made, each 1500 feet, there
on. The book asked about may be pro
cured through any dealer in books.
8NOW-W. T. H.. City. Before this
department can answer the auestion as
to whether there is any snow within thir
ty-five miles of a certain designated lo
cality in the State of California it Is
necessary to know In what direction from
that particular place the correspondent
wants Information.
Glfford Pinchot, chief of the United
States Bureau of Forestry, returned from
the southern part of the State yesterday
and Is at the Occidental.
Henry Bratnober, the millionaire mining
man who headed an exploration party
that has been traveling over new mining
fields in Alaska, returned to the city yes
terday.
Frederick "W. Carey, who la attached to
th> office of the Secretary of State at
Sacramento, is spending a few days in
San Francisco.
James C. Hogue, private secretary to
Mrs. Phoebe Hearst, and his wife ar
rived from the East yesterday and are
registered at . the Palace.
William G. Kerckhoff, a prominent rail
road and lumber man of Los Angeles, is
a guest at the Palace.
Ex-United States Senator Stephen W.
Dorsey and wife arrived from Los An
geles yesterday and are staying at the
Palace. \
Dr. Rae Fell of Eureka is at the Lick.
Dr IT. L. Nichols of Sacramento Is at
the Grand. u ¦ i : A:S
W. U. Oalbralth, a mining man of Mex
ico, Is at the Palace.
W. B. Pittman, a mining man of Tono
pah, is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. John Birmingham of
Pinole are at the Palace.
P. G. Kennard, a paymaster at Mare
Island, Is at the Occidental.
Walter E. Lester, the well known young
mining man, is at the Palace.
Judge and Mrs. Ersklne Ross of Los
Angeles are registered at the Palace.
Lieutenant Governor |Alden Andersen is
down from Sacramento and 13 staying at
the Grand.
Dr. Jennie E. Hayner of Chicago, who
is making a tour of the coast, is a guest
at the Grand.
CORRECT EXPRESSION-A. P., City.
It would be proper to say or write, "He
Is one of the greatest painters who ever
lived."
ANSWERS TO QUEREIS.
PERSONAL MENTION
THE footlights have attracted an
other Callfornlan girl, Miss Marie
Relma. who is about to leave for
New York to win new laurels.
Society has claimed Miss Relma
for the last few years, but a New York
manager has recently prevailed upon her.
Mayor Schmitz' platform in this city demands a
general system of public utilities. The industries
which it proposes to include in a scheme of business
carried on by the city will involve a capital but little
less than $100,000,000, which it is proposed to com
pel the taxpayers to supply by taxation, and which
is to become a lien upon the city instead of upon the
plants which it creates. It is admitted that the ad
ministration of these vast business systems by fc the
city will be more costly than under private owner-'
ship. The Examiner, in attempting to justify making 1
the Geary-street Railroad bonds a lien upon the city
instead of upon the road, says: "'The traffic will grow
immensely. * * * There would be a substantial
sum which the city could dispose of as it saw fit. This
sum would go in part to the employes, in meeting
the extra expense of the eight-hour day required by
the charter."
The industries which the Mayor's platform pro
poses to run as public utilities have now about 8000
employes. Who doubts that their influence in
politics will be immediately enlisted in removing their
wages from the influence of supply and demand and
making them subject to legislation by the city gov
ernment? Does any one expect soon to see a city
government here that will not seek and hold power
by granting every demand of that kind? The result
will be that all this "extra expense" will be legislated
out of the pockets of the taxpayers instead of com
ing out of the income of the vast and varied busi
nesses which it is proposed the city shall manage.
What may be expected to happen has already hap
pened in Kansas City in the municipal ownership and
administration of the water supply. The rate re
mains the same as that charged by the private water
company, the income has increased only 13 per cent,
and the expense has increased ever 90 per cent. Now
when that increase, which is an actual deficit, is
charged off to the general fund, the ratepayer is left
in ignorance of the cost of his water supply, caused
by the increase in wages paid.
There is only one right way in business, either pub
lic or private, and that way dictates the putting of
all bonds, and their interest, and the cost of admin
istration, upon the plant which they create.
SO far there is no answer to our demand that
public utility bonds be a lien on the plants
which they create and not upon the taxpayers
of the city. By such plan only can there be secured
an approach to honest and proper management of a
business investment by the city. Take a water sys
tem as an example. If the bonds that acquire it and
the cost of its administration and extension be
charged to the ratepayers in the cost to them of the
supply, they have not only the ready means of com
paring it with a system under corporate management,
but also of judging whether it is honestly and eco
nomically administered. Every year the balance
sheet of the city's water system is put .before the rate
payers; if income and outgo be equal they know it;
if there be a surplus they see in it a reason for a less
rate; if there be a deficit they see in it a reason for
a larger water rate. **
This applies especially to Oakland, where the prop
osition to acquire a public water system is somewhat
more advanced than in San Francisco. If in that
city a bond interest and sinking fund is charged off
to the general fund, and annual deficits are put upon
the taxpayer instead of the ratepayer, these items are
concealed in the tax receipt, and knowledge is kept
from the ratepayer, who may think that he is getting
his water cheaper because part of its cost is unknown
to him, and he may be paying a higher rate than
before without knowing it. Again, as the payment
of the cost of water supply is imperative, that part
of it that is concealed in the general levy will have
to be provided for, and the result will be the scaling
down of the levy for the essential purposes of gov
ernment, such as schools, police, fire and proper
maintenance of streets, and similar things that go to
the protection, sanitation and just government of the
city.
PUBLIC UliLlTY BONDS.
TALENTED CALIFORNIA GIRL WHO IS ABOUT TO DEPART FOR NEW
YORK, WHERE SHE WILL APPEAR IN OPERA UNDER THE DI
RECTION OF A WELL-KNOWN MANAGER.
Minister Bowen has done the interests of our
people and the dignity of his Government great harm
by his mushy blatherskiting in the interest of the
bandit fiend Castro of Venezuela. The Latin-Ameri
cans attribute his attitude to fear of them and take
him as expressing the cowardice of our Government.
What is needed in Latin-America is the resentment
of these insults to our Government, even to the ex
tent of a thorough thrashing of one of those states,
and Colombia would be a good place to begin. If
that Government had suppressed communication be
tween the British Foreign Office and the Minister
to Bogota she would be in trouble of the most serious
kind immediately. What our own Government needs
is the support of a proper American conception of
the rights of Americans abroad, and especially a pub
lic opinion immediately resentful of such acts as this
suppression of our official dispatches.
During the revolution three or four years ago in
Guatemala Americans in the seaport appealed in vain
to their Minister for protection, and had to give
some of their property to Englishmen, who informed
the British Minister at Guatemala City, and imme
diately a British gunboat appeared in the harbor and
her captain took command of the town under a
threat to bombard it if his authority were not re
spected. These things are intensely humiliating to
Americans, and they inspire those pestilent states
with contempt for our Government. Primarily the
fault is with our own people, who do not seem to
understand that it is the duty of this Government to
protect its citizens and their property abroad in re
turn for the allegiance which it demands of them.
IT is established as a fact that official dispatches be
tween our State Department and the American
Minister to Colombia, were sequestered by the
Colombian Government, and all communication by
wire with our representative was cut off for nearly
a month, during the discussion of the canal treaty
in the Colombian Congress. '
The offense is a serious one. In international re
lations it amounts almost to an act of war. The
first claim hi sovereignty is the right of unrestricted
communication with our Ministers sent to foreign
countries. To deny that is to insult our Government
in a manner that requires the vindication of its dig
nity. Colombia, like most of the petty governments
of Central America, controls all the telegraph sys
tem. It is a Government institution, and therefore
the suppression of these official dispatches is the
direct act. of the Government.
The disposition behind . it is that of most, of the
Latin- American states. Our Government has been
slow to treat those states as it' does the rest of the
world. It does not enforce the rights of our citizens
within their jurisdiction, and has permitted the rob
bery and oppression of Americans to such an extent
that the whole group of Latin states in this hemi
sphere have become convinced that it is safe not only
to rob our citizens but to insult our Government.
During the war between Chile and Peru an Amer
ican was an officer in the Peruvian army. He was
taken in battle along with other prisoners of war,
and he alone was immediately condemned to be
shot. When the American Consul was appealed to
he refused to interfere to prevent the barbarity. But
when an American sea captain, who heard of the in
tended murder, told the British Consul that the man
was a British subject, that officer went at once to
the Chilean commander and demanded the man's re
lease, threatening that if this was not instantly done
the British warships in the harbor would bombard
the town. The prisoner was immediately set free,
though the firing squad was already in place to mur
der him.
TAMPERING WITH DISPATCHES.
An innocent, law-abiding horse of Salinas saw an
automobile the otherday, shivered, and dropped dead
on the spot. Even he who runs must admit without
discussion that the animal died from natural causes.
Nor have the achievements of the Californias been
confined to the attainment of material good. We
have already furnished many a brilliant name to the
lists of scientists, poets, painters, singers, sculptors,
musicians and orators whom the world honors. In
short, the profuse fertility of the State has been al
most as notable in the domain of the intellect as in.
that of the production of fruits and of gold.
A commonwealth so rich in resources, so genial in
climate, so romantic and so honorable in her history,
merits the patriotic love with which her people,
whether native or adopted, regard her. Her festival
day falls at a season of the year when everything of
earth and sky can be counted on to contribute to
the sum of human enjoyment. It is then no wonder
that the observation of the day becomes more and
more general as the years pass, and that each suc
ceeding celebration exceeds its predecessor in the fer
vor of popular enthusiasm and in the brilliancy of
Us ceremonial decorations and parades.
The story thus told is one of the most interesting
in the annals of mankind. Beginning as a tale of ad
venture on the part of the cavaliers and freebooters
of Spain and of England, exemplified in the roman
tic personalities of Cabrillo and Drake, it is soon
transformed into a story of missionary zeal, telling
of the labors of Junipero Serra and his colleagues;
then slowly changes into an idyll of pastoral life
whose continuity is rudely broken first by revolution
and then by a magic working discovery of gold that
brings the restless foot of American enterprise to
the land and begins an era that changes every ex
isting institution and creates a virtuaUy new com
monwealth.
With the change in the nature of its civilization a
change comes over the story of the State, but it re
mains as interesting as ever. In place of the old
records of adventurers, missionaries and lordly
rancheros we have now the story of gold hunters,
miners, merchants, railroad builders, founders of
schools, churches and universities — men of every
class and grade of the pioneer type. The story of the
work of those men and of their sons constitutes
the world's greatest historic romance of modqrn
times. In no other part of the world, among any
thing like so limited a population, has there been
done so much during the last fifty years to advance
human welfare. We have carried the industries of
; mining and of horticulture to a perfection unknown
; elsewhere. Our ship-builders have established them
selves among the foremost of the age. In the appli
cation of electric energy to the needs of industry,
not only in cities but in rural districts, we lead the
van of progress, and in many another department of
industry we hold rank among the foremost.
Comprehensive as it is, the story of the State' thus
presented can be easily read during the leisure hours
of the holiday, for it is tersely told. No effort has
been made to publish a voluminous supplement more
notable for its many pages than for any other merit.
On the contrary, the aim in preparing this record
of the State has been to give the facts compactly
in good literary style, illustrated with portraits of
distinguished men, sketches of interesting places and
incidents, and symbolic cartoons of "California up
to-date" and of her native Muses — Art, Literature
and Music.
CALIFORNIA'S State festival will probably, be
to-day more generally celebrated than ever
before in her history. It is of course nat
ural that it should be so, for with each succeeding
year the influence of the Native Sons and Daughters
augments, and with that influence there develops an
increasing popular pride in the greatness of the State,
its romantic history and its glorious future. It is
inevitable that such feelings of patriotic regard for
the commonwealth should prompt a public manifes
tation, and accordingly in well nigh every section of
the State there will be this year a notable celebration
of the day that marked the admission of the com
monwealth as a State in the Union.
By way of contributing to the observance of the
day The Call presents this morning a supplement
containing a compendium of the history of Califor
nia, set forth both in letters and in pictures. The
supplement is by all odds the most comprehensive
and instructive ever published on the subject of Cali
fornia's history, industries, resources and prospects,
while a special page is devoted to San Francisco —
the golden city of the modern world, the Bagdad of
the West.
CALIFORNIA AND HER DAY.
this no delay has been occasioned in the passage of
goods through the custom-houses."
So vanish all the bugaboo fears that the law
would be a disturbance of trade and ineffectual as
a remedy against the evils complained of. Expe
rience has shown that the bare announcement of the
law/ accompanied by a clearly manifest intent to
strictly enforce it, has brought about a suspension of
the injurious imports. The result has naturally
enough given. encouragement to the advocates of the
adoption of a domestic pure food law, and it is not
unlikely it may be provided at the coming session of
Congress.
Miss Marie Relma, Mfeeo Soprano of Rare Drama
tic Ability, Signs Contract With New York Man
ager Opening Bright Career Behind Footlights.
SOCIETY GIRL ACCEPTS
PROMISING STAGE OFFER
TIMBER LANDS
ASSESSMENTS
MAY BE RAISED
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 8.-At the sesdon
of fbXte Board of Equalization to- ay
£=S=££KS
seSo^E Collins and other county ofl-
Cl Mr* Collins said there would have been
a. large lncrea*e in the county's assessei
men are now at work again. None of ths
Sores at Keswick laid in any stock oi
account of the fear of a recurrence of tfe
strike In 1302 the assessed valuation o?
the county was J8.S16.S98. The assessment
this year was fixed at J3.227.120.
Assessor Collins said the reduction n
personal property in both the Mountai n
Copper Company and the Bully Hill Com
pany was caused by the closing down of
both smelters last fall. Both companies
had little or no ore or bullion out at the
time of the present assessment compared
with last year. The assessment on the
real estate of these companies has in
creased. The outlook for this county on
the first of March, said Mr. Collins, was
not very promising compared with the
same time the previous year.
The assessed valuation of Slskiyou
County in 1902 was J7.S65.S53. For this
year It was fixed at J8.S76.763. Assessor
J. S. Nalley said the mines in Sisklyou
County have gone backward. Lumber la
Increasing. Timber land was assessed
from $3 25 to $5 an acre.
Lassen County was represented by As
sessor C. E. Emerson. The assessment In
1902 was $3,542,650. This year it is J4.367.135.
No timber is being taken out. It is held
in large bodies at the present time. Gov
ernment reserves cover about all th© tim
ber that Us left in the county. There is
but one good mine In the county. Tha
principal Industry is stock ralsng.
CREAMERY MEN TO HOLD
SESSION IN SACRAMENTO
Fresno Committee Has Formulated a
Flan for a California But
ter Exchange.
FRESNO, Sept. 8.— The committee ap
pointed on June 6 at the meeting of the
creamery operators held In Fresno for the
purpose of reporting a plan for the form
ation of the California Butter Exchanga
have formulated a plan, which, while a3
yet in a crude state, they believe contains
the nucleus of a practicable organization
for the establishing of a uniform price
and the successful marketing of the prod
ucts. This committee will make its re
port to the creamery men and dealers at
a meeting in Sacramento on Thursday,
September 10.
Bio Vista Editor a Benedick.
SUISUN, Sept. 8.— Otto Jensen, editor
and proprietor of the River News at Rio
Vista, was married at noon to-day to
Miss Margaret Thompson, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. George Thompson of San
Francisco, former residents of Rio Vista.
The ceremony was performed at the
home of the bride's sister, Mrs. Robert
Smyth, by the Rev. Father J. P. Redden.
The honeymoon will be spent In Southern
California.
Yolo County Is Delighted.
WOODLAND, Sept. 8.— The people of
Yolo are highly elated over the award of
the first premium at the State fair to
their county exhibit. The Chamber of
Commerce, which Installed the exhibit,
has arranged an excursion to Sacramento
Wednesday evening and a big crowd will
go. They will take a brass band along
and will make a showing of Yolo's hu
man products In the big State pavilion.
Going abroad. Sell below cost best eye
glasses, specs, 15c to 50c. Look out for
81 Fourth St., front of barber. •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 60c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg. •
A man in Maine recently shipped to
London 200 barrels of "cattails." the
well-known marsh weed. The demand
for it Is constantly Increasing In Ens
land, where It is used for filling fine
sofa pillows and cushions.
Special information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 190&
6
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent tiem immediately, as thfo
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close ¦ on Septem-
ber 24. .
I New Pope's Sister Prophesies Evil 1
1 for His Holiness.s5=- 1
8 "Oh, what a misfortune! My poor Beppo, who so loved a comfort- S
S able chat! Who knows what misery he will go through in that prisdta §
8 there in Rome?" o
p These were the words, said with tears and real grief, with which S
gj Maria, sister of Pius X. received the news that he had been made Pope. «
8 and they epitomize the feeling of the family about this elevation of their S
g "Beppo" to one of the most powerful positions on earth.
S Of course it is not an unusual circumstance, that in all times and 9
« all ages evil prophecies of dire disaster to come have been heaped §
o upon the heads of those who have won greatness, but in this instance o
3 the above incident, with much more that has followed since then, has §
v* electrified and well nijih appalled many of those who are in a position »
8 to know the condition of affairs at the Vatican. §
jxj Indeed, it is extraordinary when one's own family prophesy evil <5
« where only good can be. but yet, strange as it may seem, not only the §
8 sister 'of the new Pope, but her brother and many of the other mem* §
S bers of the family besides have given utterance to words that have g
8 added vastly to the mystery of the misery and growing unhappincss that 5
S is said to be settling heavily upon His Holiness. Strangest of all, they
D speak authoritatively, without malice, but in deepest compassion, and <3
S their words are being given credence far and wide, more particularly as '<>
K Pius X has been adding equally strange confirmation. v
S He speaks continuously of the many things in his life that he had 5?
g treasured that are now gone from him forever, and in this way the
« boyhood, the early manhood, the later ambition, the inner life of His ?
8 Holiness is brought forth more dramatically than it could be in any §
g other way. That is how Mr. I. Cochrane lias been able to write the §
g remarkable article for the next Sunday Call, which, with the Dicturea S
S from Rome, occupies a full page. It is the most valuable article about »
g the new Pope that has yet been secured anywhere. §
g Indeed, it is just such features as the above that has given iournal S
8 istic excellence to the Sunday Call's Magazine Section, which is alrrSC o
S far in the lead in a literary way. It is no idle boast, or boast at all S
« to say that no other paper in America can offer so much of trr-™,tr, S
g merit and fascinating interest. «cumne «
8 For instance, next Sunday you will get the fourth and last install 8
g ment of "Brewster's Millions." on e of the most powerful Am*rS« 8
« novels of the <day: a complete short story. "The Little God and Dick™" S»
« by Josephine Dodge Daskam. the most famous woman writer in w <»
0 ca to-day; another complete short story. "A Question of Servi-. " v. S
g Edith Wyatt; two full pages of "Half -Hour Storiettes." the I 3t .'t ,S 8
§ most popular development in high-class literature; the "Me-ow? of , §
» . Kitty, a brilliant symposium of wit and wisdom, by Kate Thvsnn M, S
S (Just watch fcr those cat pictures.) "The Oracle of Mulberry rlnt- .» §
§ by S. E/Kiser; "Fables for the Foolish." by -NicholaV SSI- -irS* §
8 the Wheeling Stars.^ by Martha McCulloueh' Williams: "TrTc Etiouctte £
8 of n Bachelor Girl." by Madge Moore; "The Wonderful KinmfSJ. 8
| Wonderful Things." by Ben McCutchen. the fcmo™ /rti\t and corre I
« spondent: the very latest in wedding stationery amJ-but why cnumer- §
1 Sunday CaT ™ "* ""' * O them -*" y° urscl£ J " 'the Text 2The plans for the extension to be built
on the Almshouse chapel were completed
yesterday by the bureau of architects and
placed in the hands of Superintendent W
J. Kelly. The present chapel will be en
larged so that the new structure will
hold 500 people. The building will cost
$4000 and will be an imposing frame struc
ture. . - ¦•,¦;¦*;'•
Extension to Almshouse Chapel.
The gardener in Portsmouth Square
found a satchel yesterday morning and
took it to police headquarters, where it
waa opened. It contained a complete out
fit for a counterfeiter, including brass
mold, imitation gold dust, chemicals and
other articles. It is, supposed that the
owner had fallen asleep in the square
and had left after waking, up, forgetting
about his satchel.
Bunko Man Loses Outfit.
The police are still searching for a mo
tive and before the preliminary hearing
startling developments on that point may
take place. Patrick Lervey, who is sup
posed to be Identified with the motive,
has become taciturn and refuses to make
any further statements. He says he has
talked too much already and has been
advised to keep a still tongue.
After the arraignment District Attorney
Byington made a formal request for a
continuance till Monday. It was granted
with the reluctant consent of Attorneys
Drury and Low.
The Judge said that his calendar was
congested and he could not take up the
case before Monday. If the defendants
Insisted upon their rights he would con
tinue the case till to-morrow, so as to
hear a little of the evidence. This would
put defendants to the inconvenience of
being brought into court.
Attorney Drury asked that the defend
ants be instructed and arraigned. Mrs.
Sutton listened Intently to the reading
of the complaint by Clerk Fenton as she
stood beside him, but Mrs. Bowers ap
peared indifferent, and when asked her
true name ohe did not hear the clerk and
had to be prompted by her attorney. The
two tall women, dressed in mourning,
made a striking appearance as they stood
together during tho arraignment. '
When the case was called the Judge
said he had been notified by the Coro
ner's stenographer that the testimony
taken at the inquest last Saturday could
not be transcribed before Monday, and
he suggested, in view of that fact, that
the matter be continued till that day.
Attorney Frank Drury, who appeared
with Attorney Charles A. Low for the
defendants, asked for a speedy trial. The
defendants, he said, had been confined in
the City Prison for about two weeks and
they were now entitled to have the case
set for as early a date aa possible. They
were ready to proceed and he saw no
reason why any delay should be granted
because the Coroner's stenographer did
not have the testimony taken at the in
quest transcribed.
Mrs. Martha E. Bowers and her sister,
Mrs. Zylpha Sutton, were arraigned In
Police Judge Cabanlss' court yesterday
morning on the charge of murder and the
preliminary hearing was set for next
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. They are
Jointly accused of administering arsenic
to Martin L. Bowers, husband of Mrs.
Bowers, thereby causing his death.
Mrs. Martha E. Bowers
and Sister Arraigned
for Murder.
there was not 'even standing room.
They were justified in their disappoint
ment, for the performance was one that
lacked nothing in the way of interest and
entertainment, a fact for which specta
tors frequently showed their appreciation
in bursts of applause. The animal fea
ture of the performanace was excellent
and one that reflects full credit upon the
managers of the ' circus. Particularly
does this apply to the trained horses and
the wonderful herd of elephants, which
are In themselves features worthy of the
greatest praise.
Proprietor Fischer wished the ycung
girls every kind of good fortune when
talking last night of their going. Miss
Levey and Miss Purdy will depart fiom
this city in about two weeks and will re
hearse with the Weber arid Fields com
pany immediately upon their arrival in
New York.
Speaking of the engagement. Samuel
Frledlander, manager of Fischer's Thea
ter, said:
Both Miss Levey and Miss Purdy have been
with us since the opening: of the house. They
have proved themselves efficient, painstaking
and clever, both in the chorus and as dancers.
Their going under epeclal engagement to Weber
& Fields Theater 1b a compliment not alone
to themselves, but, I think, also to this houae.
It Is a compliment to the company and we ap
preciate the engagement, while at the same
time wo are thoroughly sorry to have to part
with the young ladle*.
Miss Levey and Miss Purdy are elated
with tRe prospect of a New York ap
pearance, but feel a pang of regret as the
time grows near when they must leave
their old associates at the O'Farrell
street home of burlesque.
The engagement lor New York of the
two fair California choristers and danc
ers is but another proof that even in the
more humble ranks of the theatrical pro
fi'wlon here there is talent of a high de
gree. ~"
solutely artistic In the dual roles
of choristers and dancers as to win the
confidence of Weber and Fields of New
York, to whose knowledge has come
their individual merit and they have been
engaged by that firm of fun producers.
nISS LILLIE LEVEY and Miss
Hazel Purdy, members of Fisch
er's Theater Burlesque Company,
have proved themselves, so ab-
TWO CLEVER CHORUS GIRLS
"WHO ARE GOING TO NEW
YORK.
WOMEN DEMAND
SPEEDY TRIAL
•Had Ringling Brothers added ten tiers
of seats to their canvas covered amphi
theater last -night the additional accom
modations would not have been ample to
meet the requirements of the San Fran
cisco public that clamored for admission
to the show. Thousands who had failed
to secure seats during the early part
of the day were last evening turned
away at the entrance of the big tents
with the disappointing information that
The cages containing the lions, the
bears, the tigers, the camels and every
other known specimen of terrible beast,
all passed up before the crowd for In
spection. Kach vicious animal was chap
eroned by his trainer and small boys
gave vent to their admiration for the
man by the animal as the parade jour
neyed on.
The j procession took,, nearly half an
hour to pass and the crowd enjoyed
every minute of the time. A circus pa
rade always arouses interest wherever it
goes, and It is bound to attract attention,
but it can safely be said that the Ring
ling parade is the most imposing ever
seen here.
The street was lined with people long
before the parade appeared. As usual,
every one wanted to get right in the
front line, and the policemen were sweat
ing 1 for a while as they wrestled with the
eager youth and the nervous citizen in
the crowding throng.
After a while, when the mob began to
get tired, a little music was heard in the
distance, and around the corner from
Kearny street a bunch of ladies attired
In red coats and mounted on steeds of
the real fiery order hove in sight, and
then the big thing was at last a reality.
These striking-looking -horsewomen were
followed, as usual, by one of the bands.
It struck up a merry tune as soon as the
corner was rounded and then everybody
got ready.
It was probably the best circus parade
that ever passed up Market street. There
was everything that goes to make a
street, procession the only thing in the
town while it passes up the chief street.
There was no hitch or. delay, and the
army of human beings and wild animals
and other attaches went up the line to
get the glad salute and the joyous yell
from the multitude. ,
As the lions and the elephants and the
snake charmers and the brass bands and
the steam calliope and the thousand and
one other things that tyjfo included in the
make-up of the Ringlfng Circus passed
up Market street in an unbroken lino
yesterday morning they were received
with cheers from the adult population
and cries of delight from the youngsters
who were there to welcome the turnout.
ENDS HER LIFE
IN BRIDAL GARB
Mrs. Minnie During
Seeks Death After a
QuarreL
DIFFICTJXTIES BESET
GAME UL-W VTOLATOKS
Several Hunters and Fishermen Are
Arrested by Deputies of the
Fish Commission.
Chief Deputy Fish Commissioner Vogel
sang reports the recent apprehension and
punishment of several game law violat
ors. Deputy J. H. Davis, aboard the com
mission's launch Qumnat, captured Frank
and Anton Lucido setting nets for salmon
in Sul&un Bay September 6 in violation of
th© "Saturday and Sunday law." The
fishermen saw the officers approaching
and attempted to escape, after cutting
their net, but got caught on a mud flat.
Justice of the Peace Biggs of Benicla
held the-m to answer before the Superior
Court in $200 ball.
Deputy J. E. Morton caught Eugene
Bonnet with quail In his possession in the
mountains of Humboldt County Saturday.
The hunter was fined $25 by Justice of
the Peace Merrlam of Blue Lakes.
Deputy Robert Briggs has recently ar
rested John Hoffman in Mendocino Coun
ty for killing a deer before July 15. Jus
tice of the Peace Crockett of Uklah fined
Hoffman $23 yesterday. >
EXCURSION TO WILLJTS
Via the California Northwestern
Railway, the Picturesque Route
of California.
¦U'llllts, the terminus of the California North
western Ry., Is the center of the redwood belt
of Mendoclno County, and is a fast growing
town. The mills of the Northwestern Red
wood Co. are within three miles. The tracks
of the railroad company extend five miles into
the redwoods, and contractors are at work on
ten miles more to be finished this season.
The large country around, just entering Its
first ctaee *of development, with the branches
and further railroad extensions In prospect. giv»
come idea of the future of Wllllts. This ex
cursion Sunday, Sept. 20. will afford prospec
tive buyers an opportunity to view the lots for
Kale In the Northwestern addition of Wtlllts.
The stre«;tB are graded, curbed, sewered and
water mains laid. The water comes from the
mountains. Electric light and power. Burn
ham & Marsh Co., 211 MortRomery stre'tj are
the agents for the sale of the lots of the
Northwestern addition to Wllllta. Maps, plats,
terms, etc., are to be had at their office.
To all partlee who go on this excursion and
purchase a lot within thirty days thereof Burn
ham & Harsh Co. will refund the fare paid,
which will be t'-i for the round trip. Boat will
depart from Tlburcn ferry, foot of Market
Btreet, at 7:30 a. m., Sunday, Sept. 20. On
the return train will leave Wlllits at 4 p. m.
Tickets on sale at Uurnham & Marsh Co. and
Cf>0 Market Street (Chronicle building), com
mencing Monday. Sept. 14. Each ticket sold
insures a eeat.
Says His Wife Plays Poker.
Eecause his wife plays the races and
poker is the reason for a divorce as
signed yesterday by A. H. Coates in a
suit filed against Emma C. Coates. Other
suits were filed by Moses Frank against
Sophie Frank for desertion: Teresa de
Rose against William de Rose for cruel
ty; Krsklne F. Adams against Mary F.
Adams for Infidelity; Eva Macon against
McCord Macon for cruelty, and A. L.
Sweeney against Beatrice Sweeney for
desertion. A divorce was granted to Nel
lie W. Leahy from John D. .Leahy for
cruelty.
The summer winds Interfere with bak
ing in the old way. but the gas range
does not heed them. We sell the best.
San Francisco Gas and — lectric Co. •
While in a melancholy mood caused by
a quarrel with her husband. Mrs. Minnie
During, the wife of Herman During, an
employe at the ferry postoffice, com
mitted suicide yesterday morning at her
home, 1512 Leavenworth street, by lnhal-
Ir.g Illuminating gas.
The unfortunate -woman, who was 33
years old, was married about 18 years ago
and she sought death garbed in the
white gown with which she had arrayed
herself when she became a wife. The
bridal veil, white gloves and handker
chief also formed a portion of the robes
of death.
The causes that prompted Mrs. During
to end her life were of a trivial nature.
During returned to his home on Monday
evening at a later hour than he was ex
pected and the husband and wife had
angry words. After eating dinner. Dur
ing informed his wife that he intended
to keep an engagement to attend a card
party. A second quarrel followed and
During left the house. His wife followed
him and a third quarrel eneued on the
Etreets, which was ended by During es
corting his wife home.
Th husband then went out and after
playing cards with some friends came
home at midnight. He did not find his
v.ife in the rooms they occupied and eee
lng that a pillow and two blankets were
missing from the bed, he presumed that
t nt" was sleeping in another apartment.
Yesterday morning During arose at 6
o'clock and proceeded to his work. He
did not search for his wife, as he was
f.f the opinion that she waa either In an
other room or had spent the night with
Eome friends.
About 8, a little girl living in the house
detected the odor of gas ar.d Informed
her mother, who occupied apartments on
the lower floor. A neighbor was called
in and the escaping gas was traced to
a small room in the rear of the apart
ments of the Durlngs. The door was
locked on the inside and when it was
troken open Mrs. During was found lying
rold in death. She had taken four chairs
and a basket trunk and made a tempor
ary resting place, over which she had
j-pread two blankets and a pillow. She
haul removed her wedding ring from her
linger and placed it upon a bureau and
after turning on the gas had laid down
:n the improvised bed and calmly went
to her end.
The d« ath of Mrs. During waa carefully
investigated by Deputy Coroner McCor
mick and Detective Harry Reynolds, and
both officers scouted the theory of foul
play which gained rumor in the vicinity
of the During home. When During was
informed of his wife's tragic act. he was
detracted by grief and bitterly lamented
that he had had angry words with his
wife.
An autopsy hrld by Dr. Bacigalupl
showed that Mrs. During*s death was
caused by carben monoxide poisoning,
following the inhalation of Illuminating
G3B.
Bev. Dr. Voorsanger to Be Honored.
A voluntary committee of the Independ
ent Order of B'nai B'rith has arranged to
tender a complimentary banquet to
night to Rev. Jacob Voorsanger, a
member of the order and of Modin Lodge
2io. 42, in recognition of the valuable ser
vices he has rendered to the order since
1SS8. At the banquet there will be pre-
Eented to the guest of honor a substantial
token of 'recognition of his worth to the
organization in the shape of a gold
goblet, appropriately inscribed.
Cowell's Will Probated.
The will of the late Henry Cowell. the
lime merchant who died recently. leav
ing an estate estimated to be worth more
than {1,000,000, was probated yesterday.
His daughter, Helen Cowell, was appoint
ed executrix. W-<-
Lundy carries largest stock 18-k. plain
rlnsa In the city. 4 Third street •
Men, "Women and Chil
dren View the Im
posing Spectacle.
CIRCUS PARADE
ATTRACTS CROWD
The California Debris Commission, com
posed of Colonel D. P. Heap, Colonel
Heuer and Captain Harts, met yesterday
and adjusted the differences between the
land owners and the dredging: people.
These differences concern the proposed
improvement of the Tuba River at
Daguerre Point, twelve miles east of
Marysville, f Qr which the Government
and the State have Jointly appropriated
$300,000. It is proposed to build two bar
riers above Daguerre Point for the pur
pose of holding back the coarse mining
tailings and to make a cut at the Point
so as to carry the Yuba River out to one
side and away from the tailings lying in
the stream. They are now being washed
down into the Feather and . Sacramento
rivers to the detriment of navigation.
After the Government had agreed to
purchase title to the lar.il Involved It was
discovered that part of the »and was val
uable for gold dredging, and the owner3
refused to deal with the Government
agents sent out to acquire the titles to
the land necessary for the big undertak
ing Later William P. Hammon, who is
largely interested In the dredging enter
prises around Oroville. and hia associates,
secured options on the land and suc
ceeded, through their attorney. Colonel
Forbes of Marysville. inlarranging terms
whereby the Improvements co.uld be un
dertaken, with the result that the Debris
Commission was enabled yesterday to
complete the award of contracts. The
contract for the building of the barriers
was awarded to Samuel Montgomery and
.the work of making the cut at Daguerre
Point to Edward Malley. In the perform
ance of the latter contract Hammon
agrees to construct, at his own expense,
certain training walls, to cost about $5000.
with the agreement that he will be per
mitted to carry on his gold dredging bus
iness without Interruption. The contrac
tors expect to finish the work In three
yearn. It means to Marysville and that
vicinity more than half a million dollars.
wi..ch will be expended In wages and
material.
State Commission Awards
Contracts for Big Under
taking.
LandOwnersand Dredge
Men Settle Their Dif
ferences.
READY FOR WORK
ON BED OF YUBA
NIMBLE FOOTED NATIVE
DAUGHTERS TO GO EAST
Weber & Field Engage Miss Lillie Levey and Miss
Hazel Purdy, of Fischer's Burlesque Theatre,
as Members of Their Metropolitan Organization
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS. . ;t •
E3%& JC^ jS?|h * s e J ov °^ e houtfshold, for without
vM& it*! P^lk >&¥ ' no h*Ppi ness can complete. How
POil fijafa low M f3O» swee t the picture of mother and babe,
hbbJbV^ b m tear BI angels smile at and commend the
fjffjlh n| fZ£$k pn thoughts and aspirations of the mother
ifHI H §8^ Wn lending over the cradle. The ordeal through
H H H II 0 i« which the expectant mother must pass, how-
H gjgg ever, is so full of danger and Buffering that
she looks forward to the hour when 'she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
fear. Every woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the ose of Mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renders
pliable all the parts, and , _¦ _^ m m _ b
great crisis in perfect safety ¦¦¦^•^ ¦ . ¦ m sssB H V . '
value to all women 6cnt free. Address Hp lali fi W__ Epsl flff
QRADFIELD REGULATOR OO^ Atlanta. Cm. l! H «1 H KB H 11 sW
AMUSEMENTS.
run nun I PaTade uavcs
I I III I IX 1 Grounds, llth
lllDlllJu andMarketat
UXllU U V I 9 a m .Tuesday
Two Performances Dally, at 2 and 8p. a.
Doors open at 1 and 7 p. m.. Sept. 7 to 14.
Inclusive.
RINGLING BROS. 1
WORLD'S GREATEST SHOWS
To which is now JERUSAUBM
added, without eitr» _. vn tttt-
admlasion. the SUB- ~ A * 11 ' ""-
LIME SPECTACLE GRUS/1DES
100 Sensational Circus Acts.
40 Elephants— 108 Cage Zoo — 40 Clown*.
' ONE 50 Cent Ticket Admits to Everything.
Children under 12 years half price. Admission
tickets and actually numbered reserved seats
on »ale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s piano ware-
rooms. Kearny and Sutter streets, at exactly
the same prices as charged at regular tieku
wagons on the show grounds.
Parade leaves grounds. Eleventh and Market.
at » a. m. Tuesday. PARADE ROUTE—
Starting from show grounds TUESDAY morn-
'. Ing at 9 o'clock, to Howard, to S#cond. to Mar-
! ket. to Montgomery, to California, to Kearny.
to Market, to Eleventh and grounds.
j
j MATINEE TO-PAY— WEDNESDAY, Sept. 2.
. Parquet, any seat. 2.V; balcony. 10c; chil-
i dren. any part except reserved. 10c.
j VAUDEVILLE EYE-OPENERS!
| Frederic Bond and Company; Orig-
| inal Bio Brothers; Almont and
Dumont; Fischer and Wacker;
Bloom and Cooper; T. Nelson
Downs; La Vine-Cameron Trio;
Marguerite and Hanley and George
Schindler.
MATINEE TO DAY (Admission Day).
Every Lady and Child Presented With a Sou-
venir Picture of one of the Lilliputians at all
matinees.
GLORIOUS TRIUMPH OP THE
POLLAfiD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
TO-NICHT. ,
EVERT NIGHT THIS WEEK.
Th* Immensely Successful Musical Comedy,
/\ GAIETY GIRL
ALL THE POLLARDS IN THE CAST.
Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday
NEXT WEEK— THE LADY SLAVEY AND
THE GEISHA.
PRICES — Even Ins a 15c. 25c. BOc and 73c
Matinees 15c, 25c and 50o
UULU moSM LEADING THUS
HENRY MILLER
AND
MARGARET ANQLIN
MATINEE TO-DAY. Z&tt"mb
.-"THE DEVIL'S DISC1PI.X"™.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday NIghta.
MATINEE SATURDAY
"THE TAMING Or HELUU"
Next Monday — Last Week of
HENRY MILLER and MARGARET ANGLTN.
First Time Here of
-."THE APTTZTtTW * TH"-
Adapted by Henry Miller from Georffs Oh-
net's novel. "Le Maltre des Forces."
SEATS READY TO-MORROW MORNING.
ALCAZAR I—"
Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
Florence Roberts
Who Has Made Her Greatest Success la
THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH.
Evenings, 25c to 75c; Sat. Mat., 15c to 60c
Special Matinee To-Morrow
D*Annunzlo's Famous Play.
GIOCONDA
When Nlgrht Prices Will Prevail.
SOUVENIR ART TROGRAMMES. '
NEXT WEEK— First Time Here of
MISS ROBERTS as MACDA.
Proprietors.
Market St., Near Eighth Phone South S&!
matineITto-day.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Richest, Rarest, Raciest of Farce-Coraedle3
WHOSE BABY ARE YOU?
A VOLCANO OF MIRTH! A TORNADO OF
FUN!
nnirre Evenings 10c to 50c
lOlvCJ Matinees ..'....10c, 15c. 23c
MONDAY. September 14th— The Military
Spectacle. ?
THE CEEBBY FICIEB3.
LYRIC HALL E -f£
GREAT SUCCESS.
The XV Century Morality Flay,
EVERYMAN
EYEBY WIGHT, 8: 30.
Thursday and Saturday Afternoon*. 3
Reserved Seats. $2.00. $t.5O and 400 Good
Seats at $1.00.
Box Offlc», Sherman, Clay ft Co.'s
To-Day, Admission Say, at lyric Kan
A GREAT 8H0W EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING IN -THE THEATER.
Insoect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
SEE THE CHINESE BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
Fireworks To-Night
IN HONOR OF ADMISSION DAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
MISCEIjIJLNEOTJS AMUSEMENTS.
GllA!I^POPM AND WAGNER CONCERT
MECHANICS' PATH.I0N
FRITZ SCHEEL. Director.
I 8 F SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA, 73 musician*.
TO-DAY! TO-DAY!
at 3 p. m.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. Mr. 73c.
Tickets for sale at SHERMAN A CLAY'S
Music Store and at to« PAVILION.
MISCELLAmEOUS.
-ttk— r-H .j A CASH CXTSTOMHa WHO TOADES AT Alt XJTSTAI.IiMElfT | "¦-" I / I H""-— — '
KOUSE. KELPS TO PAT THE BAS DEBTS O7 OTHUB PEOPLE.
KEHRY GQLDWATER, 0 jl T T 0 0 j f II ' 9 W ' Jl PATT0SIEN '
GREAT SALE OR
The installment house combine which was organized to raise prices on carpets has done as
agreed among its members. If it were not for Pattosien's everybody would have to pay the com-
bine high prices. * .
WE RIFUSED TO JOIN TH5 COMBINE. We sell at prices that please the people,
io to 30 per cent below the combine prices.
The new fall goods in. great variety are here— a grand collection of the best products of
the greatest manufacturers.
SMITH'S AX3HINSTEB — An unusually pretty and DOTJBIdE WIDTH WXLTON VELVETS— Will cover
serviceable carpet for the dining room and library the ordinary halls and stairs without a seam; in rich Orient-
new patterns beins especially attractive fl* 0 A if\ aI and floral r dcs je" s io \ parlors and bedrooms and
You will hav, to pay the combine $165 %& >fg small figures for hall and stairs. Buy it tf>| yQ fi\
for it, but Pattosicn's only ... \j5B.^^ at the installment combine stores and
T you pay $1.00 for it. We sell it for w
SAVONTJERIE AXMTNSTERS _ Exquisite new EOXBTJEY TAPESTRIES— In tapestry this is the
floral ar.d Oriental designs have just come in our fall finest product of the mills. At the combine stores they
shipment; pleasing patterns for the parlor ft* fl JB pa ask you $1.35 for the new. fall patterns. ||\
and bedroom, $1.65 is the price of the in- Zi^ ur price * or any °* tlie *" g ne ° pat "
stallment combine stores. Ours is only ¦" %J terns is only <- T^
most desirable floor covering made for halls, stairs, and VVO uid be $2.00. That's the price they sell it for. A wide
where much use is given it. Pattern and color are in pret- range of patterns in beautiful floral and Oriental ef-
ty .larmony. The down-town combine £J* fl /I P& fects is shown on our great carpet floor /> ff
stores get $1.65 for it. We sell it for 5» 3 £*-!T& with or without borders. Pattosien's price-^w| 0^3^3
ENGLISH LINOLEUM— In patterns of Oriental and floral effects usually found pa^
in more expensive goods. 6 feet wide. 65c and 70c at the combine stores ; square yard . vJvFv
ENGLISH LINOLEUM — In 12-foot width, in beautiful floral designs and set pat- £»rip
terns. The installment combine charges you 80c. Our price, square yard Ovfv
INLAID LINOLEUM— In unusually attractive tile patterns and effects of Mosaic <>i j/-
desigri. The very best quality; installment combine price $2. Our price, square yard.. vl«H"vf-
. p — t-^p-tt Dining Room Outfit gg^"- ---qga
sf\ If 1 HTx in Weathered flak. W W
BS^I I ') 1 9 THE EXTEISIOI TABLE- ' \ W&Mffl
TC^JJ^rr^---—^_^ _—^=Sgg^S5 Beautifully designed. Tl r" "| Mj
Patent I'.*'* I^T) , : inches quarter-sawed oak, in E II
lock e^ '•' I three finishes: H J Ju
in ] hc Q ''I diameter. %ZT£*°± $24 f^ _^g
pedestal. s^T^Af K\S^£^ Antwerp oak... v j |~— . 1 fj
it Pays to ep| Q B f sc | B |f6 gill* 3 II 1 §%(?% 16th and I I . I)
£" rl I 5 1 Jur % S J 1 Misslon ft $ 2 - 65 1
Mission. I *u § §Ur^PIEIaylJ %p $J7 d Streets. v )
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
. COMPETE3STT JUDGES.
Beauty Doctors Endorse Kerplcide.
Women who make a business of beau-
tifying other women come pretty near
knowing what will bring about the best
results. Here are letters from two, con-
cerning Herpiclde:
"I can recommend Newbro's •Herpi-
cide.' as it stopped my hair from falling
out; and as a dressing it has no supe-
rior.
"(Signed) Bertha A. Tn^llnger.
"Complexion Specialist,
"2D^ Morrison St., Portland. Or."
"After using one bottle of .'Herpiclde'
my hair has stopped falling out. and my
scalp is entirely free from dandruff.
"(Signed) Grace Dodge.
"Beauty Doctor,"
"195 Sixth St., Portland Or."
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c In
stamps for sample to Tho Herpicide Co..
Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
Por Infants and Children,
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the // / /^^ # .""
Siguature of L/t0*-fjf7&2c&eA£
Palarp d ont fail to
laiaWG Bee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
uuu PARLOR, the
C J PALM ROOM, the
lirfiflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UUU LOR, and the LA-
M A i !„ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
\ At Manufacturer's Price.
J. MABTT, 22 Turk Street.
Faqtory — S26 Howard Street. Repairing.
AMUSEMENTS.
JJOT.E Performance commences at 8 o'clock
sharp- Matln«e on Saturday at 2 sharp.
TO-NIGHT
And Also Friday and Saturday Nights.
Gounod's Immortal Opera,
44 FAUST."
Thursday and Sunday Evenings, Saturday
Matinee, Verdi's Lyric Drama,
"RIGO^JETTO."
NEXT WEEK-"IIi TROVATORE" and "LA
SONNAMBULA."
PRICES ALVTATS THE SAME— 25c, 60c, 73c.
Telephone Bush 9.
fAiiiroftNTAl
\j Farewell Thursday Night. r\
HMLL-M0H0SCO COMPACT. * »
—Jl In the Dramatic Marvel, — _-
XO XrOTBS DAME, .(t>
CA Btage Version of Victor c/\
a9\J Hugo's Masterpiece, *w
l«e Last Bargain Matlnea n e
i.CO Thursday. m X~O
I Saturday Night — Opening
I [|M of regular season.
|§"|*fl A rriead of tie TojoUj. E£~
ll H EAT RU
ADMISSION DAT MATINEE TO-DAT.
Strictly for laughing purposes. Scored a
big success. The new double bill. Including
I "Tha Glad Hand" and "Th» Con-Coren" |
Our "All SUr" Cast. Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD,
•WINFIELD BLAKE. ; '
. MARRY HERMSEN,
MAUDE AMBER, r ' '
ELEANOR JENKINS.
. RESERVED SEATS— NIshts 23c. BOc and
73c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees 25c and
60c. Children at Matinees 10c and 23cMOST StJgCESSFUL TACER
NOW CC^^ETING ON THE
CALIFORNIA CIRCUIT.
Lundy pays the highest price for loose
diamonds. 4 3d et. and 7 52 Market at. *
SYRACUSE, N. Y.. Sept. 8.— Dariel
equaled the world's pacing record for
mares in the first heat of the 2:03 pace at
the State Fair race meeting her** to-day,
£oin* the mile In 2:0414. ~7iZL?
Facer Dariel Equals World's Record.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Sept. 8.— W. E. Sam
uelson of this city gained a lap over his
competitors in to-night's continuation of
the six-day bicycle race and easily cap
tured first money. Saxon Williams of
Buffalo was second, N. C. Jlopper of Chi
cago third and J. F. Fisher of Chicago
fourth. The other riders were badly dis
tanced. Downing, the speedy California
rider, made a desperate attempt to over
come Samuelson, but failed. The effort
left him completely exhausted and be re
tired from the track. He will re-enter
the race to-morrow. In the hour's riding
to-night the four leaders covered 24 miles
and 2 laps.
California Bicyclist Is Distanced.
The new cars of the San Mateo electric
road will leave the corner of Fifth and
Market streets on th* hour and half hour.
Special ears will also connect with the
regular cars to Holy Cross, thus giving
a service to the track every few min
utes.
The amateur relnsmen of the Golden
Gate Park Driving Association will be
in their clement to-day at Tanforan race
track. An interesting programme of four
races, best two In three heats, has been
arranged by the men whp are well known
on the park speedway.
The feature of the card will be a match
race between Edward Algeltirger's Dol
ador and F. P. Plageman's General Val
lejo.
No admission fee will be exacted at the
gate. A band will discourse Fweet music
and there will be a pari rnutuel box for
those who wish to test their Judgment In
picking winners.
Gentlemen Drivers Will Sport Silk
Behind Their Fast Roadsters To
day for Valuable Trophies. '
SPEEDWAY HORSES MEET
AT TANT0RAN RACETRACK
Stolen bases — Corbett. Hurlburt, Krug 4.
Errors— Corbett 2, Newton, Cravath, Toman.
Two-base hit— Zearfoss. Sacrifice hits—
Wheelfr and Zenrfoss. First base on error —
San Francisco 1. First base on balls — Off
"Whalen 3. off Hall 2. Struck out — By Whalen
3, by Hall 2. Left on bases — San Francisco
r>, Los Angeles 7. Hit by pitcher — Spies.
Passed ball — Spies. Time of game — Two hours.
Umpire — McDonald.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 8. — Uncle Henry
.Harris' wen found Hall an easy mark to-day.
Beside?, they fielded perfectly while the locals
were piling up five costly errors. Result: San
Francisco. 10 rune; Los Angeles, l. Dillon
was out W>f the game, and Dr. Newton cov
ered the Initial corner acceptably. Corbett
was off in tieldlng. and Toman was 111. Smith
expects to be back in the game to-morrow.
Score :
- Los Anpeles — I San Francisco—
AB. R. H. P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
Herr. cf..3 1 O 2 UShay, ss 5 0 1 2 3
Whir. Zn 4 0 1 1 3 Meany.rf 4 3 2 10
Corbtt,2b 5 0 2 3 O Irwin. 3b 4 2 2 2 0
N"wtn,lb 5 0 O 10 1 Leahy.lb B 1 1 7 0
Crav'h.rf 3 0 2 1 0 Zearfs, c 41 1 4 0
Ross, If.. 4 0 2 2 OIKrusr. cf 4 2 4 4 V
Tomn, es 4 0 1 4 2 Lynch. If 4 1 2 3 0
Spies c. 3 0 O 3 1 D'lms.2b 5 0 2 4 4
Hall. p... 3 0 0 14 Whaln, p 4 0 0 0 0
•Hurlbut 10 10 V
Totals.39 10 IB 27 7
Totals.35 1 9 27 12
*Hurlburt batted for Hall in ninth Inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 01000000—1
Base hits 0 21001023—9
San Francisco ....0 0 0 3 0 3 3 1 0—10
Base hits . . . . ..O 1 1 2 1 3 3 3 1—15
m SUMMARY.
San Francisco Men Solve His Curves
and Score Ten Runs.
HALL AN EASY MARK.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 8— A grand pitchers'
battle b<'twt-pn Thomas and Ixiucks was spoiled
in the sixth inuins by Ixmcks spraining his
back. He ront'.nuej In the box, but his offer-
Ings met with a warm reception and the Sen
ators batted out a victory. Loucks attempted
to f.f.lsh th" raine, biU was obliged to give up
In the eighth Inning "and Butler pitched the
gime out. Thomas was unsolvable through
out. Score :
Sacram'-nto — I Portland —
AB. R. H. PA.) AB.R. If. P. A.
Ca?ey.2b. 2 1 O 4 2 Blake, rf. 4 12 3 0
Hlribd.lf. S O O 3 0 VHrn.cf. 3 10 10
Mclwrn.rf 3 2 2 2 V,Nd<au,If 4 0 0 2 0
Eagan.s. 5 2 2 1 <;,Frncie.3b 4 0 0 0 3
Twnsd.lb 4 0 1 10 l'HIwth.B. 4 0 12 8
Fhfhn.-'Jb. 4 0 12 2|Els">y,lb. 4 0 1 16 0
Poyle.cf. 4 0 14 OIHalily.'Jb. 3 0 0 3 4
Grahm.c. 4 1 3 O olShea.c... 3 0 111
Thomas, p 4 2 2 10 Loucl:s.p 2 O O O 2
Butler.p. OOOOO
Totals ."5 Ss 12 27 11 Thlelman 10 0 0 0
Total* 32 2 5 27 IS
Thlrlman batted for I-oucks.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
' Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 5 0 2 1 — 8
Base* hit? 0 0 10 14 13 2—12
Port'and 2 O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 2
iiire hits 1 0 0 11110 0—5
.SUMMARY.
Stolen basey-^-Oasey, McLaughlin. Doyle.
Errors — Il!ld«-bra.nd. Graham. Hits — Off Loucks
10. off Butler 2. Three-base hits — Graham.
UcL*U£hUn. Kaxan i!. Two-base hits — Gra
ham, Thomas. Sacrifice hits — Van Buren.
fasoy. First base on errors — Portland 1. First
l.aF" on called balls — Off Loucks 4. Left on
1j:i«.-s — Sacramento 5, Portland 4. Struck out —
By Butler I. Double plays — Kaldy to Elsey;
Raidy to 1 loll inRfc worth to Klsey; Casey to
Tcn-r.?end. Wild pitch— Thomas. Time of
came — One hour and 40 minutes. Umpire —
O'Connell.
tire in Favor of Sutler.
Injury to Loucks Causes Him to Re-
PITCHERS' BATTLE SPOILED.
The Cripples hooked up with Parke
Wilson's collection of baseball stars yes
terday afternoon on the Oakland field for
the first time in many moons arid for
th^lr trouble they were handed the de
feat package. At that they had the game
won for a time, but the men of the north
Flipped it to them In the shape of three
runs in the sixth inning after two were
out. and that about settled it. Score:
Seattle i, Oakland 3.
The Seattle team has been greatly
changed sir.co it appeared here the last
time. It includes the groat Kid Mohler.
Jimmy St. Vraln. Jay Andrews, Joe Mc-
Carthy. 13111 Byers and Brashear.
Jay Hughes, on the Seattle slab, had
everything. In all inninsrs but one he
blanked the Cripples. Then they landed
on him for a nunch of five hits, three
of which were scratchy. This gave them
three runs and a good lead and it looked
for a time as though they would get
away with the battle. The northerners
were there strong^" In the eixth. With
two trone, Brashear was given a pass £jnd
rolled in on a three-bagger by Zlnssar.
The latter came home when Jans'nr hit
safely to short center field. )
This seemed to lake all the fight out of
the Cripples, as after that they were
never in the game. While they were
making their little rally in the fifth in
ning Buck Francks tried to score from
peccuid on Moskiman's hit. Levy called
him out # and then the Oakland players
started a rough house. Lohman was put
/Z>ft the grounds for kicking. Willie O'Hara
was fined 55 for throwing his gloves up
Into the air. The score:
Seattle— i Oakland —
AH.R. H. P. A. ARM. H. P. A.
Iwniy. cf.5 « 1 .1 I'cVHar. cf.4 112 0
Uohlr. L'b.5 Oil liFVncka. b.4 0 3 1 S
Smith, rf.4 12 10 Mosk. 3b.. 4 O 1 o 2
ltrchr. lb.-"; 1 O 10 1 Phwz 2b.4 0 0 4 5
'/.r.snr. If.:: :; 2 2 1 Mrdck, rf.4 O O 1 0
.'anr-. :jb.« » :i L> 1 Mcsly. lb.4 0 0 11 0
MeCty. p.4 0 0 2 4 (Jorton, c.4 1 2 4 0
Byers, c.t 0 « 6 OKrugr, If. 4 114 0
Hughs, p. 4 0 0 0 4l-.ee. p 2 0 10 2
Totals.:W 5 9 27 13i Totals 34 :! 9 2T 12
Rl'XS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 1 0 0 0 :: ti 1 0—5
15asc hits .*. 1 2 0 1 0 3 0 1 1—9
Oakland 0 O 0 0 :i 0 0 0 0—3
liase hU» 1 0 2 0 5 0 0 1 0—9
SIMMAKV.
Stolen ta»f»— I.umlcy 2. O'Hara. Francka.
Smltli. Krrori" — McCarthy. Brashear. Janslngr.
Kruger. Francks. Three-base hit — Zlnssar.
Two-base i'its — Krancks. Jans:nc First ba;"e
on errors-<>akland .'I, Seattle 1. First ba?e
on called balls — Off Iy>e 2. off Hughes 1. L?ft
on leases — Oak'and Ji. Seattle 6. Struck out —
By I^?*> 'A. by Hutrhe? :{. Double plays — Schwartz
to i-VHmks to Ueneiijr; Xinss-ar to Jansing:
Uofaler to McCarthy to Brashear. Time of
t-rii::-- — 1 hour an'l 40 minutes. X'mpire — Levy.
Al the finish th«-re was a length and a
half Ivnuceen first and second, with Bev
erly a dozen 1 lengths away.
The time was 2:l?i 3-5, or one and three
fifths seconds slower than Africander's
track record. Summary:
FIRST ll.«.CE — F.>r maiden two-year-olds:
*.». farlcnci". on Futurity course:
i'-nti"?. H<:rs<-. W-:eht. Jookey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— St. Valet.lSn?. 112 <Odom). 1 2 1 H
I to 1 —^rn-fnia, 108 (Kedfrrn).. . 2 12 8
IS t.. I — llob Roy, It4 <J. Jlnrtin). S 3 .'? h
Tisne, 1 :12. ?tart poor. Won tirivins. Wln
r,'r. E. R. Thomas" o. c. by Illmyar-Urai-<>let.
¦ i lober Flower V.V. t'edar llai>lds 1(6, Blacka
rnoor 11^. Briarthori>- 10-t. Uamcstr»fs 10s».
n»pon»lti> IO!>. Midshipman 112. All Ilijrht
ir_'. Vr\ Roger 112. BlytbeneM J00. Brooklyn
ill' and Phaser 112 also ran.
SECOND HACK— SellinB: six and a half fur
'• nff>; on main track:
PctliSS Horse. U>l£ht. Jockey. Pt. % n n .
x to f*— lr*>r.e Lm-lsey. 104 (Fuller) 2 2 1 1'i
.-.¦• v. i— Toscsn, 111 <Mu:iman> 1 1 S fib
4 :¦• 1 — .-tuyv.-. 1<>2 (Hissing) 12 B 3 2
Tim*, 1:U 5-8. Start ecod. Won driving.
Winner. K. H. Bmathen* che«uiut mare by fct.
<Vorge-Van Tapf. Tam O'Phanter 105, Aseen-
Bion Hut. Oar.ojohcrle 1CS, Forward 100. Cas
's'lari UM, You.-ik Henry 115. Operator 10«.
Athlana '.««. i:ur.«» 93. Mary Street B3 and Cap
puMn I'M also ran.
THIRD RACK -The l^Ile stakes for fillies;
riro-year-olda; five and a half furlongs: on
Futurity ooorat:
Betttsc. Horse. W*>iFht. Jockey. St. "- 4 Fin.
4 to 1 — Memories. 1«»7 (Fuller* 2 1 1 h
¦Ji< to 1— Marmee. 1<R» iHigRlns) 5 6 2 1 'i
¦;<> to 1 — Golden I>rcp. 110 (Gray).. S 3 3 h
Time. 1 :<n.. Ftart fair. Won driving. Wln
r>T. \Y. Clay's black filly by Sir Olxon-Mer.lin.
'Jracrful K'T. Fine Art 104, I.Jttle Km 100.
Tepee 5t3, Palette in;. Ocean Tide lift, F0SKS
s-i^n 115. Mimr«a lit'. Monsoon 10O and Bur
riette 100 ajso ran.
FOURTH BACK— The September Mtak»s;
thjT-v-yoiir-olus: one and Jhree-eighths mijrs:
Set:ir4--. Hor»«». Weicht. .lock«-y. ft. •* Fin.
«; to .%— The Picket. 12»'. H/Xeiil). 1 1 1 1^
i fo .%— Afrlraraer. 120 <J"*uilfr». :i 2 2 12
l:«< to I— Bevwrty, i«~i cConneii)... 2 :i .:
Time. 2:2<» :{-J». Start KCOd. Won ileverly.
V inner, Walieck MaljU*'8 bay ca!( t bir Falsetto-
Vo!;ait».
F!FTH RACE— P^lllnr; one and an eighth
icDej :
RntfBC Base. Welrhl. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
.'. to 1 — M. Hlohardn.V.fiiReJfeiT.) 2 4 1 ~n
i; i.i l— !vord Turro. jc <I*e6.->uzH). 4 3 2 :>
U> to 5— K. at Garter.'.I«McC'arrt}) T <> 3 h
Time. 1 :5« ::-5. Sfart sood. Won riddrn
out Winner. F. Olarkson's bay fllly by Hal
mx-Vcneta. Radcy !•». Satire 104. Uaron l ep- J
pr-r 1»T, .Seta-jk^t H'l end Dark Planet «7 alsj
SIXTH BACK— Har.dlcsi. for all a*e«: one
find a sixteenth nr.lUe. on turf:
Bpttloc. Horse. *W<?ltht. .Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 :•• 1 — Ix'sfier, HO «H:c»cs) lw 7 1 2'i
7 to I— Dako Kendall, 120 <CMora) 3 4 2 3
I to 1— fi. Groun<l, 10$ <i"uller>... 5 9 3 =i
Time. I:4V1-.'j. Start good. Won easily.
\\ inner. \V. U. Jenmncs"' bay colt by Maxlo
1'as BrfaL Cotonaay IW. RosIanU !U, Yellow
tall UT. Kali* 1<»7. Stonewall 1C5. Janeway
1'H. Uamon 1(1.'.. Klorham Wueen 110 and Klack
Hu^ar 11W also ran.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. Sept. K — Sheeprh»>ad entries:
FinK race, live and a half furlongs. Futurity
cnuitf. tv.-o-ypar-oldF — Jim Kelly 125, Pallet
U'7. Silver Days 110. Montpelier 110. lland-
FOrrt F'crry X7. M^net 110. To San US Aur*-
rnacter U>7. Mordclla 1C2, Bf>b Murphy 1CS,
For Luck 107, Vagary 102, Flcrirel irrj, Phr»rt
<a!;e 102, l>'j!r.!nrjvity 102. Vibrator 105, Raider
J<*-.\ i;ath lifdch 1U.V
Secord rac»>, Oakdale cup. full st^ple^-hase
LCTUW ¦ Bawdy 170. Wood Pig.»»nn lft. Tank
ard HV. Ivan 1M. Daryl 14T,, llaniiliin 145.
TWrf raor. six furlongs of Futurity course,
the Auturr.r — Montana Kinp 112. Gallant 122
Besoms Belle 104. Knight Errax.t 1C5 AiJbell
112, Tim Payne 112. Mollnos 112, St. Valen
«fn^» JH7. Dimple 104. The South»rner 107, Bo
bf^il 112.
Friurth race, one and an eishth mll^s. the
Omnium— River Pirete 104. Kuff<=n!a Hurch 1OO
H-n f-l' 05, Hie Eminence Ud, Yellowtall 10."'
1^oj*t Mi, Adios S5, Molly Hrant 108, Hermis
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Paul Clifford
'¦«•. Ix7rd Sterllr.ir IOij. Bcotrr 5 r 'l. Guy Park
IW. Rln»r Dove &C. Somerset »C. <Ttrbunrle 1C'{
r.thirr 1O1. Klnsr P' !<r*r 108. Stroller IW. Cap
tnin Galnep 'Mi, Mollie Peyton I'3, Early Eve
M. Eltta 87. Sir Roche 100, Rock-y 100, Ssdl
tion iU).
Sixth race, cne ard a siTteenth mllf-ji on turf,
three-year-nlds and uii — The Rival inn Kallf
Its, Pas"t P5». Wild Thyme 03, Swamplands Z<X;
Foutonnlere 99.
SKEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race— For Luck, Handsome
Florry, Yo San.
Second race — Tankard, Wood Pig
eon, Rowdy.
Third race — St. Valentine, Adbell,
The Southerner.
Fourth race — Eugenia Burch, Her^
mis, His Eminence.
Fifth race— King Pepper, Erbe,
Carbuncle.
Sixth race — Wild Thyme, The
Klval, Kalif.
There was no pace worth speaking of
until the commencement of the last five
furjor.ps. when ibe pace increased per
*»j>tib!y and Africander at one time
seemed p.bie to close on the American
Derby winner. This forced O'Nell to vig
orous work with his hands, under which
The Picket drew away in the stretch and
•. h<n it ivep plain that the Suburban and
Siiratcgra cup winner was a beaten colt.
5p*ci*l Dippatch to The Call
SHEEPSHEAD KAY, Sept. R. -Chilly
•weather and poor attendance marked to
day'e race*, notwithstanding the fact that
a promising 3-year-old stake was on the
• aid. This was the September, with Af
ricander and The Picket as certain start
ers. Duke cf Kendall also was in this
race, but was scratched early and ran In
th^ closing event of the day. Beverly
was the only other starter In the Sep
trrrbcr stake.
Is* Angelts.SW 52 .C29 Portland 61 75 .444
San Fran 82 OS .K53 Seattle 59 78 .433
Sa.crtmento..74 69 .61« Oakland 64 90 .420
STANT5ING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coart L#«*nie.)
W. U Pot.. W. L. Pet.
Turf Rivals Meet in the
September Stakes at
Sheepshead.
Liohman and O'Hara Ar3 Pun
ished for Objecting to
Decision.
Wilson's Men Then Bat
In Enough Runs to
Win Out.
American Derby Winner
Takes Measure of
• Africander.
THE PICKET ADDS
TO HIS LAURELS
CRIPPLES LEAD
TILL THE SIXTH
He was very much taken with Tuna
and concluded to buy her. Mr. do la Mon-
Tuna, the speedy little mare which won
the Stanford stake at Sacramento on
Monday, is the property of James de la
Montanya of this city. She was pur
chased by him a few days, ago for the
express purpose of winning the stake.
She was formerly the property of Henry
Sanders, a brother of Millard Sanders,
trainer of Lou Dillon. 2:00, and was bred
at the Oakwood Stock Fat'm.
Mr. de la Montanya is one of the best
known horse fanciers in this city and has
a big stable. Some time ago he purchased
Bromwell, a fast filly sired by Sidney
Dillon. Bromwell, however; did not show
as well as Mr. de la Montanya expected,
so he immediately began to look around
for another horse which would have a
better chance of winning the Stanford
stake.
James de la Montanya Buys Tuna,
Which Wins the Stanford Staked.
Henry V. Tulloch, a brother of Seymour
Tulloch, cashier of the Washington post
offlce, who was the first to make charges
that resulted in the present scandals, in
the postofflce department and Wallace D.
McLean, son of the Government archi
tect, are among the latest arrivals at the
Palace. They are interested in mining
enterprises in the West. Tulloch predicts
that there will be another outbreak in
the postofflce scandal when Congress
meets, for he expects that the Democrats
will revive It for political purposes, and
a merry time will ensue. His brother
lately has been visiting Mexico, where
tiie members of the family are interested
in the Mitchell properties.
McLean is the secretary of the Sons of
the American Revolution, an organiza
tion which, he says, now has a member
ship of more than 12,000 and is rapidly
growing. »
Relative . of Man Who Stirred Up
Fostoffi.ee Scandal Comes
West on Business. >
BROTHER OF SEYMOUR
TTJLLOCH VISITS CITY
First race. 2:12 pace (2 in S) — Colonel Smith,
ENTRIES FOR WEDNESDAY.
Drummers' Special:
Candy Joe (H. O. BeU)...'., 1 1
Duke Cameo (G. T. Loran). 2 2
Yolo Belle (E. F. Pe*A):.., 4 "3
Hurry ft <L- S. L'psoagR..' 3 4
Charles S (J. H. TJolMa. 5 6
Time. 2:3ra»:'27%.
2:30 trotting class,* purlf* $500: :\
Roslo Woodburn. b. m.^by Easter
Willies, dam by Gold Nut(Carlln) 3 111
Louise Croner (Croner) ,13 4 2
Jupiter B (Ward) 2 2 2 ro
Dolexla ( J. Groom) 4 5 8 ro
Moor Rose (Hoy) 5 45ro
Time, 2:22— 2:16-2:2214— 2:24 H.
Running, five furlongs, purse |225— Royal
F b h. by Royal Flurt»-61ydell, 112 (See),
11 'to 10. von: Hercules; 112 (Frawley), 9 to 5,
second; Skirmish. 109 (Chandler). 4 to 1. third.
.Time, 1 :00H- Skip Me and Vonzollern . also
One mile, selling, purse $225— Illowaho, b. h.
by Iroquols-Sif Jr., 110 (See), 3 to 5, won;
Anvil, 97 (Hildebrand), 2V 2 to 1, second; Cam
baceres, 107 (Powell). 3 to 1, third. -Time,
l:40»i. Constellator also ran. ¦ : ;
Five furlongs, Bella Vista stake for two
year-old flllles — Wiggins, b. f. by Sam Lucas-
Collatlne. 103 (Stuart), 2 to 1, won; Annie
Marie. 115 (Frawley), 8 to 8,- second; Eva D.,
100 (Chandler), 20. to 1. third. Time,- 1:01%.
Crarette, Miss May Bowdish and Metlakatla
also ran.
Six furlongs, selling, purse $225 — Teufel, . c.
K. by Foul Shot- Amelia May, 110 ' (Frawley),
2 to 1. won: Elfln King:. 110 (Jackson). 2 to
1, second: Bill Young, 112 (Chandler). 15 to 1,
third. Time, 1:14%. Mies Vera, Malplaquet.
Myrtle H. and Dwlght Way also ran. .
SUMMARIES.
SEA GIRT, N. J., Sept. 8.— New Jersey
took the lead at the very beginning of
the national trophy match this morning
and remained at the head of the list of
competitors upo/i the conclusion of the
first day's shooting In the great military
team '• rifle contest. • The firing to-day
was at 200, 500 and 600 yards, consti
tuting the first half of the match. -The
firing to-morrow will be at S00, 900 and
1000 yards. The New Jersey team score
was 1564 out of a possible 1S00.
New Jersey Team in the Lead.
REALIZES *N AMBITION;
Second race, 2:17 class, pacing — Miss Geor-
Kle, Smuggler, Cuckoo, Al Sandy, Dot. Billy
K. llonojrram, Penroee, AUendale, Monroe s,
Ira. Ben F. —^ ¦ . '
Third race, five furlongs, two-year-olds,
selling — Deris 1C0, Hope Morgan 109. Dr. Bird
sail 112, Eva D 109, Honoma 109. Ruyia 109.
Fourth race, flve-elghths of a mile, all ages,
selling— Isabellita 103, • Meteora 109, Vonzollern
112, Malapaquft 109, Nellie May 100, Light
Braid 109 Miss Dividend v 109. Bill Young 112,
Little Gun lOfl, Little Secret 109.
Fifth tace. six furlongs, all ages, selling —
Iras 106. IMratlcal 109, LJttle Margaret 108,
Kl Plloto 114, Gold Scratch 114.
Sixth race, three-quarters of a mile. . selling—
Loyal S 112, Tom Mitchell 112, Dug Martin 111.
Famar 88. Dusty Rhodes 91, Pat Bulger 91,
Legal Maxim 112, Mamie 108.
Seventh race, one mile, selling, three-year
olds and up — Limber Jim 112, David 8 112. Ora
Viva 107. The Miller 112. Mountabank 112. Dr.
Shorb 112.
Penrose, Margaretta, ¦ Banker's Daughter,
Jcr.es A. Basler.
HOLIDAY SPORTS
BOTH ON LAND
AND ON WATER
Yacht llucr — Annnnl Pacific
, Interclub Ynclit Aanoclatioia
reg-attn, ' Povrell - street
wharf, 12 m. 1
Driving' Kapen— Matinee races,
C>olden Gate Park Driving
Association at Tanfornn
track, 1 z'.W p. m. Admla
slon free.
Trnnls — Challenge matchen in
sIdkIch (or Pacific Connt
Tcnnia Asnoclation rliam
pIoiinhlpK, «t San , Rafael.
(•off — Handicap tournament
San Franehco Golf CInb,
Prealdlo links — Council's
cup at San Rafael.
Canoelno; -1- Olympic, Oakland
and Rncinal intcrclnb re
eatta. Oakland estnary, 12 n«.
Scottish Dowllng; — Interclub
match at Oakland between
San Francisco and Oakland
clubs.
Courainsr — Thirty - two - doff
¦ take at Union Coursing:
Park, Ntnrtlngr upon arrival
of 1:1ft p. m. train.
Baseball — SeAttle -vs. Oakland,
¦t Oakland, IOiIO a. m.; at
Recreation Park, 2i30 p. m.
The likely winners look to be:
Vina,' Thelma. Fair Oaks, Prairie Maid. Con
¦ort, Minnie Horcan, Golden Light, Redwood
Ia&, Cluster. Golden Links, Clarice, Imperi
ous, Tillle R. Reta S, St. Conn--and Liberator.
Rural Artist vs. Vina: Mountain Poet vs.
Thelma; Old IronFides vs. Fair Oaks; Prairie
Maid vs. Pocatelli; Van Nora vs. Consort:
Harvey M vs. Minnie Horgan; Golden Light
vs. Ruby Sankey; Redwood Lad vs. Trotting
Bob; Cluster vs. Flying Pasha: Beacon vs.
Golden Links; Fancy Free vs. Clarice; Beluga
vs. Imperious; J. E. H. vs. Tillle R; Reta S
vs. Procreso; St. Conn vs. Jack Short;. Lib
erator va. Los Angeles.
The thirty-two greyhounds beaten in the
first round of the stake at Union Cours
ing Park on Sunday will meet this after
noon In a consolation event. The running
will commence upon" the arrival of the 1:15
p. m. train. Although Pocatelli and Bea
con are eligible to start, it Is not ex
pected they will be in the running. The
greyhounds will meet as follows:
The Thirty-Two Beaten in First
Round at Union Park on Sun
day Will Compete.
GREYHOUNDS TO MEET
IN A HOLIDAY EVENT
HARTFORD. Conn., Sept. 8.-The sec
ond day's racing in the fall Grand Cir
cuit meet at Charter Oak Park was de
void of any unusual features. Summary:
The NutmeR. 2:0!> race, purse $3000 — Sufreet
won the second third and fourth heats in
2:07»i. 2:0S?i, 2:10%. Joe Pointer won the
first heat in 2:0S»i. Cubanola. Onoto, Miss
¦\Vllllamont and Crown Heels also started.
2:2.'{ trot, purse $1500 — Ben I^eibes beat Miss
Jeanette In three straight heats. Time. 2:17,
2:10«4. 2:17>i. _
2:12 pace, purse $1500 — Pan Mlchaer won
three strafeht heats in 2:10Vi. 2:10ii, 2:11.
Jessie, S, C O D. Midway. Hale B. Page Hal
and Lord Gentry also started.
2:10 trot, purse $1500 (concluded from yes
terday) — Dr. Strong won the third, fourth and
seventh heat* in 2:11%. 2:12> / 4. 2:11U- >Ic-
Klnley won the fifth and sixth heats In 2:15Vi.
2:12Vi- The Roman won the first and second
heats In 2:10>4 - 2:10 and was distanced in the
fifth. Caspian. George Muscovite, Xell Gwynne
and Edgewood also started. _
Sufreet and Pan Michael Win the
Purses in the 2:09 and
2:12 Paces.
TROTTING AND PACING
AT CHARTER OAK PARK
Harry Stover's Illowaho, at odds of 3
to 5, made a gallop of the mile selling
number.. See, who had the mount, wait
ed on Anvil and Cambaceres, and then,
cutting lose in the run home, won under
restraint in 1:40%. Cambaceres finished
third, less than a length behind Anvil.
In the closing sprint Teufel, Elfin King
and Myrtle H were all held at 2 to 1 in
the. books. After Elfin King had made
all- the running Frawley, on Teuful,
moved out of the king row, getting a
neck decision. F. E. MUL.HOLL.AND.
Royal F, See up, went to the post fa
vorite for the first running event, a five
furlong scramble. See waited with the
sturdy little horse until well into the
stretch, where he went %o the front with
his mount, beating the big bush horse,
Hercules, cleverly In 1:00%. Skirmish ran
into the show.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 8.-Another
warm spell made no appreciable
decrease In the attendance this
afternoon at Agricultural Park.
The sport, while interesting, was
marked by nothing of the sensational or
der. If Dlvina and Kenilworth me»t on
Thursday a record-breaking-crowd may
be looked for. Of the six harness and
running events decided to-day favorites
were returned first on five occasions.
The Bella Vista stake, valued at $525,
for two-year-old fillies at five furlongs,
was the feature. Six young misses faced
the barrier, with Annie Marie, the mount
of Frawley, enjoying first call In the bet
ting. Frawley's usual eagerness to beat
the others away contributed to the first
choice's defeat. At the start, which was
accomplished after some delay, Frawley
carried the rubber barrier with him and
it dangled about his mount's legs
throughout. Wiggins, one of the second
choices, came fast at the end, winning
with ease from the tiring Annie Marie.
Metlakatla was away poorly and, ran un
placed.
As Candy Joe. whose destinies^ were
presided over by Harry Bell, had quite as
good a thing of it as Jeffries will enjoy
with Monroe, the Drummers' race was
deprived of alMnterest. Kverybody was
sweet on the horse and the Sacramento
contingent, which can hear a good thing
walking over the tule trestle beiow the
whistling post, unloaded on Joe, which
sold a 10 to 5 favorite over the field He
won in two straight heats.
John Carlln, behind the handsome Ro
sle Woodburn, took the 2:30 class trot.
The mare was a pronounced favorite in
the pooling. She scared her backers by
finishing third to Louise Croner irnd Ju
piter B in the first heat. She had no rec
ords to break through, and made away
with the next three heats without en
countering any squally weather or ad
verse tide.
tanya is elated over the success' of Tuna,
which he expects to do great things on
the track this season.
Suspends Administratrix.
Mrs. H. F. Lewis, widow of the late C
A. Kelly and administratrix of his estate,
.was suspended yesterday by Judge Cof
fey. pending an investigation into her
methods of handling the estate. A charge
of carelessness in handling the funds
was preferred against her by F. J. Kane.
Sues Accuser for Damages.
A suit for $23,000 damages for false Im
prisonment was filed yesterday by F H
Hausman against J. H. Sayre. The plain
tiff was acquitted on a charge of cm
brtpzling $1215 fr«m. the National Fertil
izer Company, preferred against 'him last
March by Sayre. :
MINNEAPpLIS. Sept. 8.-The building
strike came to an end to-day, work boin« r«-
Schlam returned to the city on a visit
a few days ago and last Saturday Ronco
vieri met him and demanded the return
of the sheets, but Schlam Refused to give
them up. Roncovieri alleges that Schlam
is about to leave the State for New York
and he wants .him arrested.
It is alleged by Roncovieri that about
two years ago Schlam received from him
forty-one sheets of manuscript of his
march "Pro Patria," and when Schlam
left for New York he took the sheets
with him. Roncovieri values them at
$230.
Alfred Roncovieri, school director and
musician, is after the scalp of Hugo V.
Schlam, a music dealer, formerly of this
city, but now of New York. Yesterday
afternoon Roncovieri secured a^warrant
from Police Judge Mogan for BchlanVa
arrest on a charge of felony embezzle
ment.
Alfred Roncovieri Secures a Warrant
for the Arrest of Hugo
V. Schlam.
WANTS MANUSCRIPT OF
HIS MARCH RETURNED
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Copperfleld, Cascine,
J. P. Mayberry.
Second race — Eva Moe, Lingo, In
dian II.
Third race — Hargis, Bragg, Beau
Ormonde.
Fourth race — Rockaway, Mayor
David S. Rose, Elwood.
Fifth race — A. D. Gibson, McGee,
Delagoa. \
Sixth race — Jackful, Frivol,
Brush By.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Charlie Thomp
son 105. Dr. Gurnsey 106. Myth 105, Curate
107, Bluemlnt 10O, Frivol 100. Bay Wonder 97,
Mezzo 97, Lord Melbourne 95. Prodigality 95,
Jackful 95. Little Mission 95, Brush By 90,
Marl in 90.
Fourth race, six and a half furlong!" — Father
Tallent 110. Commodore 103, Rockaway 100,
Elwood 100. Eva Clair 97. Bill Knight 97.
Mayor David S. Rose 95. Away Right 92, Jus
tine Morrell 92. My Gem 92.
Fifth race, six furloungs. handicap — A. D.
Gibson 115, M. Beaucalre 93. Delagoa 110.
Witful 94. McGee 106. Golden Rule 102, Per
Centum 04, Bardolnh 03. (Delagoa and Wit
ful, HHdreth entry; Beauclaire and Gibson,
Darden entry.)
Third race, one mile — Jack Ratlin 110. Bragg
ICO. Schwalbe 97. Fonsoluca 97. Dr. Stephens
06, Hargls 9«J, Beau Ormonde 96. Crestfallen
93. Paul Whaley 03. Colonial Girt 03, Talpa 03.
CHICAGO, Sept. 8. — Harlem entries:
First race, five furlongs — J. P. Mayberry 10.?,
Cascine 108. Copperfleld 108, Blumenthal 105.
Foresight 1C5. Touchstone 105, Atlantlco 105.
Apple 100, Lolly DalleyUCO. •
Second race, steeplechase, handicap, short
cours e— Indian II ISO, Falella 142, Paulaker
138, Eva Moe ISO. Limelight 130. Lingo 12S.
Slap Dash 12«. Itacatlara 125. First Past 125.
Demonland 125.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
Fifth race— Miss Golightly, Tom
-Kingsley, Lynch.
Sixth race — Stub, Bequisition,
King Rose.
Bj^ the New Tork Telegraph.
First race— Harbor, Leech, Caybon.
Second race — Scalper, Falkland,
Ailyar.
Third race— AIlegTette, Potter, Ma
jor Carpenter.
Fourth race — Little Scout, Jordan,
Siddons.
DET.MAB, SELECTIONS.
' DELMAK ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 8. — Delmar entries:
First race, five furlongs, purse — Lampadrone
1CS, Mlllbrook 109, Bandillo 108. Nellie Crom
well 105, Black Enough 106. Launay 108, Leech
108. Little Pirate 103, Harbor 108, Judge Den
ton 108. Caybon 106, Dusty Miller 108. Wig
wam 108. «
Second race, six and a half furlongs, purse —
Falkland 86, Town Moor 88, Ailyar 117. Scalp
er 88, Duke Dashaway 1CS.
Third race, live and a half furlongs, purse —
Don O'Hlgh 1C5. W. P. Palmer 105. Woods
Perry ICO. Free Born 105. Allegretto 1C5. Pot
ter 108. Billy Jackson 1C5. Walnut Hill lt'S,
Major Carpenter- 1CS. St. Noel 1C5.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles,
purse — Doeskin 87. Little Scout 107, W. B.
Gates 104, Joe Lesser 97, Slddons 100, Jor
dan 107.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Judge Tow
ner 88. Cardigan 105. El Caney 106, Tom
Klngsley 103. Uranium 90. Aule3 105, Niver
such 94. Peter Duryea 106. Una Price IC3l
Exapo 90, Lynch 9S. Miss Golightly 108.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Ooudy P*.
Ruralist 103. Budwelser 102, Deer Hunter 10:i,
Ous Lanka lC-'J. Lacache 103. Requisition 110,
The Advocate 106, Stub 1C3. Class Leader 107,
Brookston 102. King Rose 111.
SIXTH RACE — One and three-sbtteenth
m!!es; selling.
Betting. Hcrse, Weight. Jockey. St. »* Fin.
4 to 5— Our Bessie. W (Wilson).. 2 3 1 nk
SO to 1— Dodle S, 103 (C. Sloan).. 5 4 2 n
7 to -J— Bard of Avon.07 (H.Phlps) 4 1 3 V,
Time 2:0O 2-3. Start good. Won driving.
Winner J F. Newman's b. f. by Lord Dal
meny-Bessie Bisland. O'Hagen 102, Kunja 97,
Banish 103. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
felling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Cognomen. 0>O (Wilson) 4 114
0 to 5— Alllsta. 10« (Otis) 1 2 2n
9 to 2— Fox Lake, 95 (H. Phillips). 3 3 3 5
Time 1 :06 3-0. Start good. Won in canter.
Winner S. C. Hildreth's ch. f. by Knight of
the Thistie-Onoma. Coroner Kelly 93. Toltec
10° Henry Lyons 95. Hoceo 00. King Ellsworth
107 Away Right 95. Louise- Melnlng 95. Gus
Quarles 101. Alice Commoner 102, Miss Cornet
97. Oleometer 98. also ran.
15 to 1— Mayr Johnson, 102 (Knpp) 5 2 3 1H
Time. 1 :20 4-5. Stnrt good. Won easily.
Winner. Mrs. H. J. Scoggan's b. g. by Florist-
Kffle C. Zyra 07. Sweet Tooth 105, Evelyn
Eyrd 97. Sharpless 105, St. Cuthbert 102. also
ran.
FOURTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs;
Felling.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *1 Fin.
10 to 1 — Best Man. 102 (Adklns).. 1 1 11%
Even— Federal. 07 (H. Phillips). 4 3 2 3
Time. 1:44. Start good. "Won very easily.
Winner, S. C. Hlldreth'a b. f. by Kingston-
Belle of Maywood. Henry Bert 10S, Florence
H 01, Mauser 91. Sherry 01. Alllne Abbott 101.
n!?o ran.
THIllD RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 5 — Byways, tol (Wilson) 3 2 11
3 to 1— Callant. 101 (H. Phillips).. 2 3 2 4
7 to 1 — The Don. 94 (S. Bonner)... 7 1 3 h
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7 to 2— Last Knight. 105 (S.Bonnr) 3 4 11
8 to 1— Mar?hal»ea. 102 (Adklns).. 6 .1 2 *i
0 to 1— J. J. Corbott, 105 (Mthws).ll 7 a 2
Time, 1:21 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. B. Reepess' br. h. by Free Knlght-
Nllety. Balm of Oilead 105. Emma A M 102,
SchwarzT.ald 102. The Rabbit »7, Ermack 102,
Mattie Spencer 102, The Cedars 102, N'ayda 97.
also ran.
J. B. Respess made a good-sized killing
with Last Knight in the second race,
backing the colt from 5 down to 7 to 2.
The track was fast, the weather cloudy
and threatening and the attendance fair.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
purse.
Betting. Hcrse. Weight. Jockey. St. Fin.
40 to 1— Comrade. 118 (Davis) « 5 11
15 to 1— Oudon. 108 (J. Williams). 9 12 2
20 to 1— BUI Walters, 105 (C.Sloan) S 3 3 1
Time. :. r >4 3-5. Start sood. Won easily.
Winner. Woodford & Buckner's ch. c. by Til's
Commoner-Elizabeth II. BagBerly US. Red
Bird 105. Falcon's Pearl 115. Mary Dunn 105.
La Chaperone 114, Florence Fon3o 115, O'er the
Rhine 105, Janet Fonso 115, I Must 115, alao
ran.
CHICAGO. Sept. 8.— Byways, always fa
vorite at 7 to S and heavily backed, won
the feature event of the Harlem card to
day. The race proved a Cakewalk for
Byways. She allowed The Don, Gallant
and Henry Bert to make all the early
pace, and then, when called upon, ran
over them, easily winning by a length
and only toying with Callant.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; sell-
Ing:
Betting. Horse. Weight.* Jockey. St. \ Fin.
10 to 1 — Broodier. 109 (Wallace) ...» S 12
« to 1— Kittle O. 109 (Blrkenruti) 2 1 2 2S
5 to 1— dales, 109 (Watson) .", 6 .1 ',
Time, 1:29*1. Start good. Won easily. "Win
ner, A. C. Bernay's ch. g. by Servlce-Mlss Ba
ker. Tlekfiil 109. Ptins 104. Tenny Belle 10-1,
Legation 109. Sam Hueston 109, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
veiling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %, Fin.
3 to 1 — W. B. Gates. V»S (Sheehn) 2 2 12
7 to 10— Hllee. 103 (Smith) 4 1 2 1'4
6 to 1 — Barra. 100 (Shea) 3 4 3 3
Time. 1 :55*i. Start fair. Won easily. "Winner.
R. R. Rice's b. jr. by Prlnca Royal- Penalore.
Rio Shannon 103 also ran.
Time, 1:19*1. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. W. O'NeaU's b. R. by Bijr Henry-Flora
Leach. Barkelmore 98, Dr. Cartledge 88, also
ran.
FOURTH RACE — Six farlonsrs; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 5— Frank Bell. 117 (Shea) 2 1 1 »
5 to 1— Theory, 98 (Perkins) 3 2 2h
4 to 1— Optional. 110 (Melntyr*). .. 4 3 8 S
THIRD RACE — One mile; gelling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Pt. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Birdalayer. 1>5 (Calvin 2 3 11
7 to 5 — Decoration. 104 <Geor«se)... 3 4 3 2
5 to 1.— Clars Leader. 10f> (rfheehn) 9 6 .T I
Time, 1:51 U. Start gooi. Won hand^y. Win
ner S. J. Charles' b. e. by Deerslajrer-Ollli
Bird. Crime !>3, Ultra Vires 99. Ronamt 102.
Zirlma 05. Rejoice 93. Tambourine Girl 90. alao
ran.
SECOXP RACE— Five furlongs; selling:
Bettins. Horse. AVe'irht. Jockey. St. a i Ptn.
12 to 1 — Lady Fonse. 105 (Brknrth) 4 111
12 to 1 — Kpecerian. 10O (Perkins).. 3 3 2 nit
7 to 1 — Cardona. 107 (Witmnl 9 5 3h
Time, 1:CS. f<tart fair. Won handily. Win
ner G. Lanka's eh. f. by Morte Fonse-Ii«n«
Princess. Hoedown too. Kaster Walters 1C.1,
Jessie Weller 1<V>. Enltrma 105. Fonsartera 103.
Blue Ring 100. Fond Memory 105. also ran.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 8.— To-day's rain left
the track at Delmar Park a sea of mud
and slop. Horses favored by that going
had things all their own way. Frank
Bell, the favorite at 9 to 5. won the star
event of the day. On account of the
cloudy weather only the "regulars" wit
nessed the races. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six and a hair furlongs: «etl-
Bfttinir. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Eliza Cook. 103 (Shrehan).. 6 5 1 l^i
6 to 1— Alfjaretta. 10f» (McCarthy). I 1 2 nil
8 to 1— Kleanor Howard. 101 fPrks) 4 2 5S
Time. 1 :«<•. Start jrood. Won easily. V, In
ner Pratt Bros.' b. f. by Bob Jacobs- Belle 1~
Cotton Plant ICO. Baecte 10O. Cresrent City 1<U.
Rochester 10O. llalmis 111. South ForK 11-. also
ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Respess Scores a "Killing"
Over Last Knight's
Victory.
Heavily Backed Hilee Lose3
a Race to Erratic W.
B. Gates.
Frank Bell Annexes the
Handicap at Six
\ Furlongs.
Filly Easily Takes the
Feattire Event at
Harlem.' .
Jockey Frawley in Getting Annie Marie, the Favorite,
Away Becomes Entangled in Jthe Barrier and Is De
feated—Candy Joe Captures Drummers' Special Race
BYWAYS GALLOPS
HOME A WINNER
MUDLARKS TAKE
D ELM AR PURSES
WIGGINS, A SECOND CHOICE,
WINS BELLA VISTA STAKE
WESTERN COLT BEATS EASTS CRACK THREE-YEAR-OLD
THE SAN 1FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1903.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The selfsame quality which en-
deared Blatz beer to lovers of
the. beverage fifty years ago has
been maintained to this day.
While the facilities have been
vastly improved Blatz prin-
ciples have been steadily ad-
hered to. It's the beverage for
all — and a most logical one for
hot days.
YAL BLATZ BREWINGCO., HILWADKEE
Braunscliweiger&Go. f inc.
5 and 7 DRUMU S T.. San Francisco.
Tel. Main 1G4H. Whole»al> Dealer*.
§¥im. rigor, ntafitv for Men.
MORMON niSHOt'-S FU.I S
l.ji' - N • a In k»» over titty
years by the lcajprs of th»
Mormon Church and their
followers. IVslttvely cur* th*
xu-r&t cast« in ot.J and youns
arising from effects of s.-!.-
Bbu»p. dikalpatlo.n. .-\. .•>-,'¦. or
.•>/., n-tt ¦ .-!¦•, ijv.j CUrw Lost
M »ti! i^oii, Insi»>t*ncy. Lcat
|\>w*r. Nlcht loesses ln*:>m-
nia. I'auia tit lUofc. Evil lx>»lrps. l.anie l<ack.
Ncrvwu» 4 h-t.tltty, U- ..,!.>,•:•,.. I'nntnm to Mar-
ry, Low of Jv-m^a. £•* VarlcorH* or Con-
-tlp«tion Mi-n N-r 3 U vv.ua Twltchln* of
Ey<Mnl». :-.flN«*t» «r.» ironNHt^,^ |«n r ,r:
vltur »iM ix<t»uoCB»T3 to , Vf>ry
Hen t ».-t •lrti^<n.l*<\t. A ourp i« ,. h«nd. Re-
•tore muall. \iiv\p\v|oj><-v> «>r«an*. StlmaUtn
the hratn «nit n«»r\> n-ni^r*: Mq A hex- H tor
%-i ,V> by rn*t». A »mtrn mur*nt^« t rt cur« cr
money refun<loit with « Nm.'s. circular* fre«
AcMr*M nWIIHP KKMVOT »XV. 40 E1M. «!l
• s "> *J*Jlf. f "I^ * *•• «5»JANT URUO CO.. at
ami 4i» Thlrvi «t.
_
I 8 R /J*^ Vwrvinltl.T-. Kunttrs tnl
1 »¦ I l4l i!v,ti. l-«rt».\:
|rB I ¦ \4 •t'-W. |.,Nn»!.i imU<j. SfBd
W %P 9 \J mntivs * parrcr ca,
• 3V MnV'i m. ao>l iXX
Kmvvjr aCKilled by "Rough on Rats."
OUTSIDE, BOCND IN, 12 MIDNIGHT.
Bark Roderick Dhu und schr O M Kelloffgr.
SAILED.
r ; • ' }- Tuesday. September 8.
Stmr Arso, Dunham, Port Kenyon and Eel
River pointe.
Btmr PreBtiss. Ahlftrom, .
Stmr Aurella. Peterson, Portland. •'-,.
1X>MESTIC PORTS.
WESTPOP.T — Sailed Sept 8— Stmr Newsboy,
for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— Sailed Sept 8 — Stmr Phoenix,
for Han Francisco.
PORT I5LAKELEY— Sailed Sept 8— Br ship
King David, for Valparaiso.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU — Arrived Sept 8 — Schr W II
Mai Eton, hence Aug 23.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
PRINCIPALS AGREE ON
COUBSE FOB HISTOBY
BABKEEPEB FBUSTBATES
A WOULD-BE ROBBER,
SACRAMENTO, Sept.. 8.— The Board of
Equalization • held a private session to
night, and when it was over the news got
out that. Mr. Alford had made a vigorous
protest against any action looking to an
increase In the assessment of San Fran
cisco. ' "- ""• .
Fighting for San Francisco.
Without stopping for explanations the
robber tied through .he door and disap
peared in the darkness before he could
be apprehended.
By the prompt action of Jack Heath, a
barkeeper in the Lacey saloon at 739 Mar^
ket street, a hold-up man was frustrated
in an attempt to rob the place at 4 o'clock
yesterday morning. The fellow entered
the saloon with, a handkerchief tied over
his face and was on the point of order-
Ing Heath to throw up his hands when
the latter quickly pulled a revolver from
behind the bar and leveled it at the in
truder.
¦The principals of the grammar schools
met yesterday at the City Hall to agree
on the revision of the course of study in
connection with McMaster's history, the
new, State textbook which will soon be
ready. Superintendent of Schools Lang
don presided at the meeting and Philip
Prior was secretary.
It was decided to adopt Deputy Superin
tendent of Schools Suzzalo's syllabus for
the A sixth grade to comprise. the "Dis
coveries. Explorations and First Settle
ments." The* pupils will be required to
purchase the history as soon as It Is Is
sued.
The pupils of the B and A seventh and
the A eighth grade will be instructed to
purchase the history In January, 19C4. The
adoption of the syllabus for those grades
was postponed until some future date.
TRADES UNION CONOBZSS.
Declares Against Suggested Changes
in British Fiscal Policy.
LEICESTER, England, Sept. 8.— At to
day's session of the Trades Union Con
gress President Hornbridge declared Co
lonial Secretary Chamberlain's suggested
changes in the British fiscal policy were
likely to be most detrimental to the Tbest
Interests of the nation.
"Dabbling with the principles of free
trade," he. asserted, "could do no good to
the country at present. The land laws
caused two-thirds of the national mis
ery."
He advocated Government old-age pen
sions.
The following resolution was carried
with only two dissenting votes:
That this congress stroncly condemns the
suggested changes by Mr. Chamberlain In our
present fiscal policy aa most mischievous and
dangerous to the best interests of the people
of the country, and hereby pledges Itself and
urges all other labor bodies to make every
effort to prevent such a change being brought
about.
The announcement of the vote was
greeted with loud cheers. The resolution
will be communicated to the Colonial
Secretary.
After a heated discussion an Important
resolution on labor was passed. The res
olution commits the Labor party to sup
porting neither of the dominant political
parties and has Increased the strained
relations with the Liberals.
V
Is Denied New Trial.
The Supreme Court yesterday denied a
new trial to Fred Walker, who was con
victed of forgery in Tehama County dur
ing the first part of the year. The sum
of money the defendant secured by com
mitting the crime was $24 50.
OAKLAND, Sept. 8.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: James A. Gunter,
aged 28 years, and Lillian F. Berwick,
20, both of Oakland: Manuel Frates, 21,
Haywards, and Martha Bowman, 17, Bue
lah; Walter I. Rilea, over 21, and Annie
M. narrower, over 18. both of Oakland;
Thomas F. Duignan, 2G. and Susie *I. An
derson 21. both of Oakland; George C.
Corpue'. 32, and Rebecca Ball, 25. both of
Oakland; George H. Palmer, 35, Berke
ley, and Ellen Baker, 28, San Francisco;
Jesse Enos, 27, and Frances Lechandra,
21. both of Oakland: Charles J. Tolton,
27, San Francisco, and Joan Corcoran, 23,
Sacramento; Theodore E. Bennett, over
21, Los Angeles, and Ellen L. Stewart,
over IS, Oakland: Fred B. Goldman, 31,
New York, and Bonlna Ben-Hayon, 21,
San Francisco; George G. Winchester, 33,
Oakland, and Alma Berglund, 27. San
Francisco: Samuel Redmond, 30, Knight
sen, and Pearl E. Mlddleton", 20, Byron.
Marriage Licenses.
DENVER, Sept. 8.— A special to the Re
publican from Hugo, Colo., says the spe
cial train carrying the Washington cor
respondents crossed the Colorado State
line shortly before 6 o'clock this evening
and a short time afterward reached Hugo,
where a large number of cowboys con
gregated and gave a miniature wild West
show, and a cowboy supper, similar to the
one partaken of at Hugo by President
Roosevelt, was served. This was followed
by a dance. The correspondents break
fasted at Hays City on prairie chicken,
dined at Ellis and made brief stops at
Oakley, Cheyenne Wells and other places.
They are accompanied by officials of the
Union Pacific. A large number of Den
ver people met the special at Cheyenne
Wells and Hugo and will accompany it
to Denver, where, the correspondents will
be banqueted to-morrow night by the
Denver Real Estate Exchange.
Give Them a Supper Similar, to the
One Partaken Of by Presi
dent Boosevelt.
COWBOYS ENTEBTAIN
VISITING NEWSPAPER MEN
MOBILE. Ala., Sept. 8.— Captain J. M.
Scott of the British schooner Bartholdl
received a letter to-day from Captain
Foster of the British schooner Emerald,
tellini? of the lo?s of three additional ves
sels at Grand Caymen during the recent
hurricane, which were not mentioned In
the other report?. The vessels are the
schooners Georgiana. Active and Clyde.
The first named vessel Is owned by Cap
tain J. E. Scott & Co.
The letter also stated that the British
schooner Ocean Flower, owned by the
same firm, had been saved. This vessel
was previously reported lost. The letter
reports the loss of many small coasting
schooners.
British Captain Gets Letter Contain
ing Further Details of Hurri
cane at Grand Caymen.
BECEIVES NEWS OF LOSS
OP THREE MORE VESSELS
The petition states that there has been
a petition .of 10 per cent or the bona fide
residents of the. city presented to the
Board of Trustees asking, in accordance
with the ordinance No. 270, that the prop
osition of granting the franchises be sub
mitted to a vote of the people. This they
claim will not be done unless the court
take action in the matter, and the case
was set by. Judge Hall to be heard be
fore Judge Greene on October 2.
Acting on an opinion rendered by City
Attorney M. W. Simpson, who held that
the 'referendum ordinance was invalid
the Alameda City Trustees by a voto of
four to one decided to-night to instruct
the City Attorney to go into court and
invalidate the ordinance if possible
President J. F. Forderer of the munici
pal legislators was not in 'favor of lest-'
Ing the question whether the referendum
enactment was legal or mandatory, being
satisfied to allow the voters an opportu
nity to pass on the matter of the dispo
sition of the franchises before final ac
tion Is taken by the Alameda governing
board. City Trustees "Charles J. Ham
mond and ( B. E. Combs, who were gen
erally belle\ed to be willing to submit
the franchise question to the voters
created surprise by voting to have a
flght made against the legality of the
referendum. City Trustees Ir. H. M
Pond and W. M. Bowers voted with
them. To avoid any possibility of being
in contempt of court tho City Trustees
agreed not to touch upon the matter of
the franchises In any way until the Su
perior Court 'has disposed of: the writ of
mandate proceedings. -
H. Rosenthal, H. A. Thompson, J. K.
Houck and T. F. Baird, through their
attorney, Thomas K. Kase f were to-day
granted an alternative writ of mandate
by Judge Hall. It commands Joseph F.
Forderer. H. M. Pond, C. J. Hammond,
B. C. Combs and William M. Bowers,
constituting the Board of Trustees, to
appear before Judge Greene on October
2 and show cause why they should not
submit the proposition of granting the
franchises petitioned for to the popular
vote of the people.
Their petition recites that unless re
strained the Board of Trustees will grant
the franchises in violation of an ordinance
passed by a Board of Trustee's in March
1895, known as ordinance No. 270, which
states that "whenever 10 per cent of the
legal voters of the city of Alameda shall
petition in writing therefor the Board of
Trustees shall submit to said voters 3uch
proposition of local interest as may be
specified In said petition, said submission
to be made for the purpose of enabling the
said voters to express their approval or
disapproval of the question to be voted
upon."
Those citizens of Alameda that oppose
the Southern Pacific Company's demands
for a fifty-year franchise have carried
their cause to the courts. They would
have the City Trustees enjoined from
granting away their rlahts.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 8.
Seriously Injured: Mrs. L. C. Slack,
back hurt: Miss Mae Slack, ankle frac
tured; Mrs. Mary Martin, leg fractured;
Oliver Shelly, head injured; Mrs. J.
France, both legs injured; Mrs. Robert
McGregor, back and hip Injured: Mrs.
George Morton, injured internally; Miss
Inez Mathony,' ankle fractured; Arthur
Clark, shoulder and right arm injured
all of Leavenworth: Mrs. Bonnell, Wes
ton. Mo., left leg broken; Miss Eliza Lip
son, left ankle fractured; E. G. Wright,
Kansas City, Kans., ankle fractured;
George Dawson, Omaha, leg injured;
Frank W. Graham, Lansing, Kans., back
injured; Mrs. J. T. Burns, Muscotah,
Kans., right leg fractured and injured
internally; Mrs. J. W. Simpson, W 7 eston,
Mo., back and hip Injured; Mrs. D. W.
Chambers, Soldiers' Home, Leavenworth,
left leg fractured; Mr. Reitz, Kansas City.
Kans. right leg fractured; J. E. Geb
hardt,' Atchison, Kans., back Injured;
Miss Carrie Gebhardt, Atchison, arm and
neck injured.
The stanH was put up this morning and
fully 1500 people crowded on it. Just
about the time the sham battle was con
cluded the grandstand broke down.
There was a heavy artillery duel • with
siege guns. Three battalions of infantry
were using black powder and some one
announced that the cavalry were emerg
ing from a ravine to charge. People on
the grandstand stood up to see them
through the smoke and the entire stand
went down with/ a crash. The utmost
confusion followed, accompanied by
shrieks of the victims. It was found that
many were pinned down under the de
bris. Hundreds who were walking on the
ground rushed to the grandstand look-
Ing for relatives. The confusion was great
until the regular soldiers formed a line
and kept all back.
The battle which was proceeding on the
other side of the road was called off and
the soldiers began taking care of the In
jured. Ambulances were used to convey
the people to the city hospitals and within
an hour after the accident the injured
had been removed.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Sept. 8.— The
grandstand erected on a knoll on the Fort
Leavenworth reservation close to the city
limits gave way this afternoon, Injuring
twenty-three persons. All those Injured
are alive, but It Is feared that three will
die. The fatally Injured:
MRS. JOHN MOURDANT, Leaven
worth, left hip broken and back injured.
MRS. CHARLES NORBY, Leaven
worth, back hurt ana left leg fractured.
MRS. C. II. NOBLE, Leavenworth, In
jured internally.
Grand Stand Collapses
on Fort Leavenworth
Reservation.
Ask Courts to Submit
Franchises Question
to People. ? t
ACCIDENT MARS
A SHAM BATTLE
There was considerable arguing of at
torneys over the admissibility of the rec
ords in regard to Walkirez* dlscharg»
from the army, but Judge Ells-worth
finally alloweu them to be read to tho
jury. The - was adjourned until
--irsday morning.
In another part of her testimony the
woman admitted having asked Walklrer
w. ether he was not going crazy on ac
count of his peculiar actions shortly be
fore the commission of the <--'— ie.
The prosecution's main case against
Victor Walkirez ended to-day with the
testimony of Anna Ross, the chief wit
ness against the murderer of Elizabeth
Leroy. and the defense began by placing
Dr. W. C. Chidester. United States army
from the Presidio, on the stand, who had
certain records which showed that Walki
rez was discharged from the army as an
epileptic.
The woman was on the stand most of
the day and the court room was crowded
by people anxious to hear her recital of
the crime. Her evidence in the main was
much the same as her original confes
sion. The defense secured the admission
from her on cross examination that
Walkirez had been drinking heavily the
Hlj the murder was committed and also
that he had told her the next morning:
that he did not remembtr committing the
crime, and that she had thereupon re
lated to him an account of what he bad
done the night before.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Sept. 8.
Oregon— John Ayers, assignor to Oregon
Rafting Company. Portland, mooring der
rick scows in raft construction: Elam
Gilbert, Portland, attachment for phono
graphs; same, starting and stopping
mechanism of phonographs; Fred R. Wal
ters, Salem, pipe coupling.
Washington— Philip H. Carllon, Olym
pla, gold saving device; Fred W. Cook,
Seattle, saw shifter for gang edgers; El
bert W. Hyght, Ballard, assignor to
Washington Pulley Company, pulley fast
ening; William E. Johnson, Spokane, as
signor one-half to I. L. Thomas Hatton,
non-refillable bottle; John J. McDonald,
Port Madison, winch for fish boats;
George D. Schloser, Sunny Side, harrow;
John A. Williams and I* B. Britton,
Seattle, car fender.
Navy orders— Lieutenant W. R. Gher
ardl Is detached from the New York and
ordered home to wait orders.
Army orders — Captains John J. O'Con
nell and Englebert G. Ovenshlne. Twenty
eighth Infantry, and Second Lieutenant
Clifton R. Norton and Joseph I. McMul
len. Fifteenth Cavalry, are assigned to
duty in the Department of California,
pending the arrival of their respective
regiments.
Lieutenant Colonel William L. Pitcher,
Twenty-eighth Infantry, now In the De
partment of Columbia, will join his regi
ment on its arrival at San Francisco.
The following patents were Issued to
day: Calif orifla— Alfred Bannister, Ala
meda, wooden stovepipe; Roy K. BeUlen,
San Francisco, filling teeth with porce
lain; Benjamin W. Booker. Berkeley, de
tachable life raft for ships; Fred II.
Brown, Los Angeles, electro-vibratory
apparatus for therapeutical purpose;
James G. Camp, Sacramento, machine for
washing and cleaning gravel In gold min
ing; Joseph P. Conway, Los Angeles, tele
graphic transmitter; John B. Daraas, So
nora, drilling engine: William C. Dillon,
assignor one-half to E. Lloyd, Los An
geles, gas generator; Anthony N. Effy,
San Francisco, machinist's try square;
Edward G. Durant, Pasadena, flask for
molding building blocks or the like;
James T. Fulkerson. Oxnard. harrow;
Espirion IlipoHltc, assignor to Hlpollte
Screen and Sash Company. Los Angeles,
boring machine; Edward R. ICing, East
Oakland, fountain blacking brush; Paul
H. L. Klette, saw set; Rasmus II. Ras
musser. Integral miners' candlestick;
Charles W. Sieveo, Los Angeles, oil burn
er; O. E. Waxel, Oak\and, power pro
ducer.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 8.— Postoffico to
be discontinued September 14: Oregon-
Fern, Benton County; mail goes to Cor
vallis. Fourth class Postmasters appoint
ed: Oregon— Charles D. Crane, WInona,
Josephine County, vice E. R. Cochrane,
resigned.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
"But a man has Just been here and
fixed the phone," explained Mr. Backus.
"Oh, I know that," replied the caller,
"but I am an inspector for the company
and must pass upon the work done."
Upon that showing tne caller was ad
mitted. He worked about the box for
a short time and then left the house.
Shortly afterward the phone failed to
work and word J was again sent to the
company. Another repairer reported and
he found the cut wire. Backus believes
that the wire cutter had been trailing
the first workman and followed him up
to get a chance to do his mischief.
In the guiso of an Inspector for the tele
phone company a man gained entrance to
the residence of Oscar J. Backus on Linda
Vista terrace a day or so ago, was given
access to the telephone and deliberately
cut the inside wires in such a way as to
put the instrument completely out of ser
vice. The stranger, yet to be Identified,
did his work with evident thorough
knowledge of the apparatus. Detectives
are trying to locate the mischief maker.
Telephone company officials say that
numerous complaints of Bimilar actions
have been received since the company
put linemen and repair men at work to
take the daces of strikers.
In the Backus case the circumstances
point to deliberate effort to Injure and
destroy use of telephones. The phone at
the residence had been out of order and
a complaint was sent to the telephone
company's offices. From there an em
ploye went to the house and regulated
the telephone putting it In working con
dition. Shortly after this employe de
parted another man called at the house
and announced that he desired to exam
ine the phone.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 8.
Left alone In the saloon, the robber ran
behind the bar, emptied the cash regis
ter, taking $24 35. and quickly left by the
elde door. He ran up Adeline street and
turned west on Eighth. Near Magnolia
6treet the fugitive disappeared In a back
yard. Soon afterward three policemen ar
rived, but after searching the neighbor
hood, got no trace of the bold robber.
Welander described the man as tall, at
least six feet In height, and wearing a
dark suit of clothes. He had a fair
glimpse of that part of the intruder's
face that was not covered by the hand
kerchief.
Unable to make headway against his
caller, Welander quit and ran through the
front of the store and out to Seventh
street, shouting for assistance.
The encounter occurred at 8:30 o'clock.
Welander wae in the front part of his
place of business, which is separated
from the barroom by "a partition. In
which a doorway Is cut. He heard the
squeaking of the Adeline-street door that
gives entrance to the barroom and went
back to wait on his prospective customer.
As Welander stepped into the apartment
he almost walked over tho robber, who
stood. at the end of the bar, masked be
low the eyes with a white handkerchief
tied about his face, and carrying a pistol
that he aimed straight at the proprietor.
Welander, startled as he was, did not
lose presence of mind. He jumped at his
unwelcome guest and grabbed the pistol,
trying to wrench It from the robber's
hands. There was a hard struggle for the
weapon. During the fight a cartridge ex
ploded, the bullet whizing so close to
Welander's head that it almost stunned
him.
In a battle to-night with a ma*ked rob
ber, A. N. Welander, liquor-dealer, north
west corner of Seventh and Adeline
streets, narrov.-ly escaped being- killed
at his place of business by a bullet from
a pistol for the possession of which the
saloon man and the masked intruder
fought.
Unable to cope with the desperado, We
lander ran out of the place, calling for
assistance. As soon as he departed, the
robber coolly helped himself to the coin
In the barroom till, $24 35, and fled. He
was traced as far as Eighth and Magno
lia streets, where his trail was lost In a
back yard.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Sept. 8.
/ *«^ ACRAMENTO, Sept. 8.— Homer
VV*^ Buekman. one of the best known
-^ business men of Sacramento, died
&**^ of consumption at Chicago Park,
Placer County, near Colfax, last
night. ' '
Several years ago Buckman married a
dashing belle. Miss Ora Runyon, who
lived on the Sacramento River with her
parents near Courtland, a dozen miles be
low Sacramento. Miss Runyon was worth
a quarter of a million dollars in her own
right and Buckman was the proprietor of
the most popular saloon in Sacramento,
clearing from $1000 to $3000 a month.
About a year ago his health failed and
he sought the mountains, hoping for re
lief. About a month ago Mrs. Buckman
left for a tour through Yellowstone Park,
where she now is.
The deceased was 43 years of age and
a native of Virginia. Ills sister, Mrs.
William Chenoweth of San Francisco,
was at his bedside whfen he died.
Anna Ross Testifies
Against Victor
Walkirez.
A. N. Welander Grasps
Revolver Pointed at
Him by Thief.
Apparatus -Rendered
Useless by Bogus.
Inspectors. -
PROMINENT CITIZEN OF THE STATE CAPITAL- FOR MANY YEARS
WHO DIED OF CONSUMPTION- AT CHICAGO PARK. ;. PLACER
COUNTY, AFTER A LINGERING AND SEVERE ILLNESS.
GIVES DETAILS
OF THE MURDER
Both Watertoy and McChesney have de
clined the issue In the Omnium handicap
to be run to-morrow, in spite of the ex
tra inducements "offered by the Coney
Island Jockey Club. Their owners and.
trainers considered that 131 pounds was
too much weight for thsm to shoulder.
But they probably will come together at
Gravesend next Monday, weight for age,
for one mile and a quarter.
In this race the two champions will pack
126 pounds each, and as an incentive the>
Brooklyn Jockey Club has agreed to give
J25OO to the winner if both start. Aa th«
added money is $2500, the race will bo
worth entering. .;. >
Owing to the successive victories of
Western horses here in the past few
days. Western turfmen who are follow
ing the local races are fairly rolling in
clover. There was not a man from the
Central States who did not have a wager
on McChesney when he beat Hermla'and
other good ones on Monday, and they re
peated their bombardment when The
Picket wen to-day. It is hard to con
vince a metropolitan bookmaker that the
Eastern turf heroes mjght be inferior to
the cracks that come out of the West,
and the result Is that the backers of the
Western horses always get a price. If
Waterboy and McChesney meet on Mon
day, the betting will be tho heaviest
ever seen on an American track, and the
local horse will again be the favorite.
CHICAGO, Sept. 8.— Metropolitan layers
of odds have learned to respect E. E.
Smathers, the owner of McChesney, who
won jr.0,000 from them on Monday. Sma
thers made things hum in the betting ring
at Sheepshead Bay again to-day. He
plunged on his mare, Irene Lindsey, in
the second race, betting, it Is said, $2),0QQ
on her at 8 to 3. Then he went right back
to The Picket, placing a similar amount
on the American Derby winner at 6 to 5.
In addition Smathers, John A. Drake
and John W. Gates sent commissions into
the ring on both of these horses that
jarred the pencilera to their heels. The
trio took nearly $100,000 out of the ring on
the second race.
Special -Dispatch to The Call.
CUT TELEPHONE
WIRES IN HOMES
Mrs. Ed Russell, a bystander, who was
shot in the leg, was not seriously wound
ed. Brown has relatives in New Alma
den and San Jose.
TUOLUMNE, Sept. 8.— The sensational
tragedy' here last night has'anew mys
tery/added." Walter J. Brown lies in the
Morgue and a post mortem examination
showed that the bullet which caused his
death was '.fired from the rear, striking
him In the back. Eugene Godat, the other
principal, is, in the- hospital with a bullet
in his head, and he may die.
..The Coroner'3 jury .to-day began its ses
sion, but only a little, testimony h&3 been
heard so far. Charles Connelly, an eye
witness, said that the shot which killed
Brown was not fired by- Godat, but by a
person In the crowd and , behind the de
cea&ed. Godat and Brown were facing
each, other when they exchanged shots.
Godat's pistol cannot be found. Neither
of tho two bullets h'e fired lodged in
Brown's body, but they made flesh
wounds. The fatal bullet was from a 41
caliber pistol.' '•
Oho theory advanced is that after Brown
shot Godat Mrs. Godat shot him from be
hind and .then secured Godat's pistol. This
seems unreasonable, . however, as Brown
andMra. Brown and Mrs. Godat were to
gether all day and Mrs. Godat's friendly
relations with Brown were really at the
bottom of the tragedy. Yet it is learned
that District Attorney Dedrlck has in his
possession, a' letter given him by Godat
in which Brown said he would kill Godat
on sight.. Mrs. Brown herself testified
that her husband fired first. .
¦ The tragedy was the ending of an other
wise grand Labor day celebration given
by the Miners' and Lumbermen's unions,
and occurred while a big drilling contest
was in progress. Godat wa3 formerly
president of the Miners''' Union In this
county, but arrived from Arizona only
this week. It is reported that he tele
phoned from Sonora to his wife asking
her to mnke up with him, but that she
hung up the phone when she learned who
was calling. Mrs. Brown says Godat told
her on the day of the tragedy that he
was going to try and smooth things over
with Brown.
GRAPPLES WITH
MASKED ROBBER
The defendants. William and Georgo
Pullen. are entitled to one-fifth of the
property transferred to George, who will
be charged with the Quivey ranch, lot
4 of the Bascom tract, several notes of
the value of nearly $30,000; he will also be
charged with all the costs of the action.
George Y. Bollinger was formerly Sheriff
of Santa Clara County.
The evidence, according to ihe court,
sustains the conclusion that George urged
his father to transfer to him a large
amount of property in trust to defeat any
claim plaintiff might make thereto, to
manage and invest tha property pru
dently, and to hold it In trust, paying his
father such sums as he might require
for his comfort; and in case of the plain
tiff's death to transfer all the property
to the fattter, or In case of the father's
death to transfer it all, share and share
alike, to the children.
The court scores the defendant for his
disregard of business principles In man
aprlng this property, and declares that he
does not own the property, but simply
hold? It In trust; on the other hand, the
plaintiff has no interest in it whatever,
it having been separate property of the
husband, and she Is not entitled to judg
ment.
On October 15, 1K?S. the widow filed a
t-otiticn contesting the will, the heirs
being the widow and the children. George.
David, Klizabeth C. and Kmma Eare, and
Mary C. Pullen, who d:c-d In 1S93, and
whose children, \VIiilam and George, were
appointed executors of her estate.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 8.— Judge Ilyland to
day filed his decision in the suit cf Mary
A. L. Bollinger vs. George Y. Bo'.llnger
ot al., for the recovery of property of
the late Christian Bolllnger. valued at
$100,000. Bolllnger died January 26, 1858, and
upon his death his son, Gecrge Y.
Bollinger, was appointed executor of the
estate. The plaintiff, who is the widow,
was married to Christian Bollinger No
vember 7, 1£SO, and both had separate
property, which they retained separately
and there was no community property
uecunmlatecl after their marriage.
Now, Jake Rlis could never have been of
any use in the Police Department if he had
always carried on a rosewater revolution. Un
less a man has the stuff In him the fact that
he Is a decent fellow does not , count. If h«*
is. not decent then the stronger he is the
worse he La as a citizen. I want to say how
deeply touched I am at your coming out to
greet me, and I want you to understand that
you give me strength of heart when you come
in this way. I greet you all. I am glad to
see ihe grown-up people of Richmond Hill, and
I am even more glad to see the children.
(Cheers and applause.)
NEW YORK, Sept. 8.— President Roose
velt arrived at the Hoboken station of
the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western
Railroad at 7:15 a, m. to-day on the spe
cial train which left Syracuse last night.
When proceeding to board the tug Scran
ton he was' heartily che%red by a crowd
in the ferry house 1 and on a departing
ferryboat. He was evidently pleased
with his reception, shouting, "Good
luck! Good luck! Thank you for your
greeting!" The tug proceeded to Long
Island City to place the President on the
train for Oyster Bay. )
When the special train reached Rich
mond Hill all the Sunday-school children
of the villages, each carrying an. Ameri
can flag; representatives of the Twenti
eth Century Club and the Richmond Hill
Republican Club and a big gathering of
townspeople joined in a welcome to the
President. Flags, hats and handkerchiefs
were waved and the enthusiasm was tre
mendous.
The President and Jacob Rlis appeared
on ,the rear platform of the last car,
where Riis bade good-by to the President
and then alighted from the car. Dr.
Kimball. president of the Twentieth Cen
tury Club, made a short speech of wel
come to the President.
President Roosevelt responded as fol
lows:
Dr. Kimball and you men and children of
Richmond Hill: I wish I could talk better to
all of you, but I will aFk you to have a little
patience for one moment while I thank you
for having come out to greet me. I am glad
to see all of you, ,and allow me to aay that I
am most Rlad to see those who carry small
folks in their arms. (Laughter and applause.)
You know, I am very fond of Mr. Rlis, and
the reason why is because when I preach
about decent citizenship I can turn to him and
think that he has practiced Just what I have
been preaching:. (Applause.)
The worth of any sermon lies in the way in
which that sermon can be and 13 applied In
practice. Of course, I am glad to have the
chance of being with a man who shows by his
life that he knows how practically to apply
the spirit of decency unaccompanied by mourn
fulness or false pretenses of any kind, or any
weakness. I want to Bee men decent; I want
to see them act square; I want to see them
work. That does not mean I want them to
have sour faces. I want to see every one en-
Joy themselves, men, women and children. I
believe in play; I believe In happiness and In
the 4 «v- of llvlnsr, but I do not believe in the
life that is nothing but play. I believe that
you have a thousandfold more enjoyment If
work comes first, but make your time to play
also. I believe in cheerfulness, as well as In
decency and honesty. And In the next place.
I btlleve in a Rood man who can. fight If it la
necessary. (Applause.) As you fought In the
Civil War.
The "New World." of Dvorak's, was the
day's cymphony. Very well It went, too.
though at times one would have liked
a dash cf the Mascagni glitter about the
reading. -Not In the nrst two movements,
however, that went swingingly. The An
eiante in particular satisJied. Its quaint
phrase. Afro-Polish, came with ripe sym
pathy for Its characteristic color and with
nicest precision. Here, perhaps, more
than In any other number, the thing
played itself. Dvorak himself, in the lat
ter part of the symphony, gets monoton
ous. There is a spreading out of his ma
terial, a thinning and graying of the
color. Still, one felt that the flame-tipped
Mascagni baton would have been useful
here, however Scheel soars In the XJee
thoven and Handel genre.
Berlioz' "Dance of the Sylphs" was
another novelty of the afternoon. This
elusive morsel, with Its mystery and
moonshine, the pipes o' Pan and white
twink!e of elfin feet, was delightfully
given. The dance did not quite attain Its
fullest delicacy, but that Is only in the
gift of an orchestra of long established
relations. Extraordinary, though, was
the degree of lightness obtained. New,
also, was the "Ancients and Moderns"
mazurka cf Godard. It was not, however,
important, a graceful enough and obvious
trifle. The massive "Kaiser March" of
Wagner, played in a stately manner, and
the -"Mignon" overture completed the ex
cellent programme.
The applause and attendance were
again of most- encouraging sort. The
Dvorak andante, after the Handel,
aroused the listeners to the greatest audi
ble aCmlration. The Handel throughout
was joyously greeted and the Berlioz had
to be repeated. The whole concert again
showed a quick and wonderful growth of
the ensemble spirit in the orchestra.
Next week there is to be the Brahms
pymphony No. 2, the "Midsummer Night's
Dream," and appropriately in accord with
the coming "Parsifal" of New York—
alas! no nearer — some of the Parsifal
isufIc will be given-
Sparafucile was much better taken care !
of than the role commonly is by Eignor i
Travaglir.?, whose pleasant bass was
finely used in its service. Cleo Marche-
E!nl satisfied handsomely in the Madda
leu role, and Miss Deglow deserves re
membrance for her promising work.
The male chorus was exceptionally
good, and the orchestra, though it sagged
somewhat in sympathy with the "Tutti
Ic festi" duetto, and needed generally a
little more plastic mind, was yet agree
ably in evidence. To-night "Faust" goes
again.
• • •
The pern of yesterday afternoon's
symphony programme was Master Han-j
dels Grand Concerto, played here for the
first time yesterday. Loot of the very
youth of music is the concerto, and as
new to-day as when it was written. Peo
ple were very glad cf it. The absence of
strain, it* spontaneity, limpid clearness of
construction, bubbling melody, came In
prateful contrast to the involved and
labored song of too many of the moderns.
Throughout the concerto sings the Joy of
living. It is a comedy of manners of the
period. At once arch and stately, one
Ferg the day's grand dames move to its
rprightly measures. Not a note too
much is there, nor too little. Master
Handel has net talked when he had noth
ing to ray. And how the audience en
joy d his story! It would have had that
second movement— like young laughter—
pgaln had Mr. Scheel permitted. Willy
r.UIy he had to repeat the finale, with
Its delicat*, joyous precieencps. In con
ductor and concerto's triumphs Concert
melsu r Etark, W. von der Mehden and
Franz Adelmann in violin and cello
eoloa here Joined. The string force
throughout showed Itself delightfully in
sympathy wjth the work. It is of course
for strings alone. The Handel, surely, if
time permit amid the host of the novel
tics 11 r. Scheel is granting us this season,
•should be among its repetitions.
Little Miss Tromben brings a somewhat
tired but very pretty voice to the role of
Gilda. It is a swept and pure little pipe,
but has ben rather forced out of its
natural dimensions, becoming in the
fortes thin and somewhat screamy. But
the singer knows otherwise how to use
the voice, which has something oddly
fascinating in its quality— a touch of the
oboe in its flutfness. She Is a nervous
and Intense little person and dramatically
gives a Gilda— you remember Repetto's
rockir.g-chairy editibn of the role?— about
its opposite. "Caro Nome" was very
prettily sung and evoked a noisy encore.
Tedeschi, the tenor, was new last night.
He is rather new altogether, a sort of
Infant phenomenon, a boy wonder. But
be*D mend of that, as Pitt once apolo
gized for himself, and if the coming years
do as much for him as have bygone
years SJ^nor Tedeschi will do well.* His
voice volume is small, to match his physi
cal '¦nvtlnpe, bat he uses his organ with
considerable taste rind case. Further it
is of notably agreeable quality, smooth,
fine and sympathetic. His acting is
youthful and enthusiastic and quite
promising.
During the last two years Ferrari has
,bwn the Tivoli's Hipo'.etto, and only his
Kiga.ro was better. But one never knew
which *-::d was which of the Ferrari trem
olo. The problems of pitch were constant
]y appalling, ard in the duo work particu
larly one harCly knew whether Signor
Korrari or oneself were standing on one's
lu-ad. It generally ftlt like both. How
ever, the- King is dead, and but for the vi
luato was a worthy monarch enough.
And new, lcng live (Jregoretti!
The best of the Kigoletti within my Tiv
oli memory it- the new barytone. He con
lirmed amply last night one's lirst fa
vorable impressions of him. A beautiful
piano he has, and a voice whose sym
pathy is sensitive and certain to every
dramatic need. There was last night—
apparently a vocal mood— the tendency
tc sing sharp, but Gregoretti is undoubt
«dly the bent barytone since Salassa. I
have never heard the "Veglia, o donna"
given more expressively, and the singer
was here ably seconded by Signorina
Trcmben. The dramatic scene with the
courtiers where the jester discovers the
abduction or Gilda. and between gibes
at them and his despair sings the "Corti
piana vi! razza dannata," was also inter
preted with eloquent power and passion.
In every phase of the role Signer Grego
retti proved himprlf an artist, his admir
able facial expression not to te forgotten
among his accomplishments.
Its reception last right at the Tivoli
proved that "Rlscleito" has lost no Jot of
its power to move an audience. First of
the operas to brins fame to Verdi, its
popularity continues unabated. Included
in every season's prosramme. the opera
amply justifies its admission, seeming to
srow only more welcome. Opportunities
such as that afforded by the central role
are rurc, on the dramatic side more par-
Ticulariy. for. the jester's part tests every
side of the singer's equipment. Vocally
the role is nobly grateful, and pa.tb.os, pas
sion arid tenderness are equally demanded
from the actor.
By Blanche Paxtington.
Bullet Wound in the Back
Show3 That a Third Per
son Fired.
McChesney and Waterboy to
Match Speed Next
Monday.
Delivers a Brief Speech on
the Important Duties
of Citizenship.
William and George Pullen
Entitled to Part of
Properly.
Handel Concerto Is Gem of
the Scheel Symphony
Prc gramme.
Tuolumne Man Was Not
Killed by His An
tagonist.
Metropolitan Layers of
Odds Bombarded
Mercilessly.
His Return to Oyster
Bay Occasions a Big
Demonstration.
Interesting Decision in
San Jose Bollinger
Case.
Audience at Tivoli Is
Moved by Power of
Verdi Opera.
CHEERS STRAINS
OP "RIGOLETTO"
CROWDS GREET
THE PRESIDENT
MYSTERY VEILS
DUELIST'S DEATH
WESTERN MEN
WIN HEAVILY
COURT SCORES
THE EXECUTOR
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1903.
Homer Buckman, Who for Many Years Was One
of the Most Prominent Men in the Capital,
Passes Away in Placer County After Long Illness
WELL-KNOWN CITIZEN
OF SACRAMENTO DEAD
OAKLAND. Sept. 8.— Mary. E. West, a
white woman, residing at 1708 Pacific
street, died at midnight from the effect
of Rough on Rats, which she claimed
to have put into soup by mistake for pep
per. Coroner Mehrmann took charge of
the case.
ALAMEDANS TAKE
DECISIVE STEP
9SHIP BONANZA AND SCHOON
ER CHARLES HANSON OF
THE SALMON FLEET.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and. ¦ Geodetic Survey—
Time and Heights of High and Lot
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
CHICAGO. Sept. 8.— Oliver "W. Stewart,
chairman of the National Prohibition Commit
tee, issued a leal! to-day for that committ»e
to. meet in Chicago on December IB to fix tho
time and p!ace of the next National Prohibi
tion Convention
.Steamer. For^ • Sails.
Meteor Nome & St. Michael... Sept. . 10
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 11
Farallon Skagway & Way" Ports. Sept. 12
Oregon. Nome direct ...... Sept 12
CltyTop«ka.. Skagway & Way Torts. Sept. 13
City Seattle. . . Kkagway & .Way, Ports. Sept. 14
Santa Ana Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept. 16
Nome City Nome . |Sept. 2O
Portland Nome & St Michael. .ISept. M
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports Sept. 2f>
Valencia Nome Sept. 22
FROM SEATTLE,.
The Northwestern Personally Con
ducted Excursions.
The tourist fleeping-car service from ' San
Francisco to Chicago, via the Chicago, Union
Pacific and Northwestern lines, offers, many
advantage to tliote who desire to ma&e the
journey In a comfortable manner and at email
expense.. The cars are neatly upholstered and
Fimilar in general construction to first-class
f :' r-j.j'.p care, and the cost of a completely
«juirped berth from Pacific Coast to Chicago
is only $6. They leave San Francisco at 8
a. in. Wednesdays and Fridays by Union Pa
cific and- Chicago and Northwestern railways,
at 7 p. rn. Thursdays and Saturdays by Rla
Grande route. For further particulars apply
to your nearest ticket agent, or R. R. Ritchie.
Oeneral Agent Pacific Coast. Chicago and
Northwestern Railway. C17 Market street, San
Frasciaso, CaL _ •
Shipping Intelligence
ARRIVED
Tuesday. September 8.
Etmr Corona, Johnson, 19 hours from Eu
reka.
fctmr National City, Johnson, 15 hours from
Cleone.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 15 hours from Caspar*
bound to San Pedro: put to to land passen
gers.
Stmr G C Llndauer. Allen. SO hours from
Portland.
Stmr Centralia, Erickaon, CJ> hours from
Grays Harbor; bound to San Pedro; put In
to land i>af»enjrpis.
Btmr Greenwocd, Johnson, 16 hours from
Albion.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, 93 hours from Ta
coma.
Ktmr Bonita. Alberts, 72 hours from New
port and way ports.
Nor stmr Hero, Syvertsen, 4 days from
Ladysmith. v -
Br ship Scottish Lochs. Parkhill, 70 days
from Newcastle, Aus.
Bark Andrew Welch. Drew, 26 days from
Honolulu.
Bark Euterpe, Swansen, 20 days from Nush
acrnJc.
Fr bark Cha« Gounod. Offer, 123 day* from
Fourahaya. arrived off this port and proceeds
to Portland. Or. Sept 9. process
Tusr Sea Rover, Thompson, 41 hours from
Siuelaw.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr H C Wright, Nielson, 25 days from
Schr John A, Olsen, 3 day« from Eureka,
Stcan.er. Destination. ., 1 Salls.l Pier.
September. 1O. ' j
S. Barbara. l>ob Anselea Ports. -9 amiPler 2
Corcna Humboldt 1 :3.0 pjPler 9
State of Cal. San Diego &. Way. 0 am Pier 1U
Bonlta Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 19
Columbia... AistorJa.& Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Pedro.. Humboldt ; 4 pm Pier 2
Phoenix Mendoclno City. ..|>l.pm Pier 13
Septeiuber.il. | ' |
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor .....I 4 pm Pier 2
Ncwburi- Grays Harbor »•. .-. .| 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. OrfordllO am Pier 13
Gaelic china & Japan... . I I pmlPier 40
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul..( 3 pm|Pler 23
J. Dollar... Seattl" & 'I'acoma 1 . 11» amiPier 2
Czarina.... Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Eureka Humboldt ..;..... 9 am Pi»r 13
September. 12. • ¦
Chehalls ! «raj« Harbor' ..,. .:.... Pier 2
8. Portland. Astjorla & Portland! t>.pni Pier ..
North Fork. Hujnboldt .;'.T.. — I 6,' pm Pier 2
Pt. Areni.. Point Arena I 4 pm Pier 2
San Juan... N - Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
September 13.! .,
Pomona.... Humboldt. :i:30pPler 9
Oueen Puget Sound Ports. 11 'am Pier »
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way.| 9 am|Pler 9
September 14. .:: |
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pmlPier 10
Argo Eel River Ports... .| 4 pmlPier 2
Coos Bay... Kan Pedro & Way.1'9 am|Pi<:r 19
September .IS. - . I
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
September 1H.. .
Alliance Portland * W. Pts. S pnvPler tfi
Chlco Coquille River '. . .15 pm|Pler 2
September 17. *. |
Sonoma Sydney & W. Pts.. 2 pmiPlir 7
Rival .V. Wlllapa Harbor.. .| 4 pm|Pler 2
September IS. I I
City Puebla Puget Sound - Ports|ll am|Picr 9
TO SAIL.
Steamer. j 4 From. ¦ | Due.
San Mateo j Tacoma .¦ |Sept. 0
Phoenix Mendoclno :..¦ iSept. U
S. Portland. .. Portland & Astoria'. .'. .|S«]-.t. »
Areata Coos Hay & Pt. Orford,Sept. 'J
Queen Pueet Sound Ports. . .[Sept. 0
Colon ." New York via Panama. {Sept. 0
Kureka Humboldt iSept. I)
Kalnler Seattle & Whatcom.. .|Sept. 10
U.K. Maru... China &. Japan |Sept. 10
i*. Barbara Seattle & Olympla.: iSept. 10
Point Ar*na...l Mendccir.c & Pt. Arena|Sept. 10
Clilng Wo ! China & Japan... IScpt. 10
Santa Kosa... San Diego &. Way Pts.jSept. 10
San i'edro 'Pan Pedro :.. Hept. 10
H.Monica San Pedro ". .[Sept. 11
Pomona [Humboldt ...|S«pt. 11
Argo. ; Eel- River Ports. ...":. .j Sept. 11
Coos liay ; Kan Pedro & Way;Pts.;Sept. 11
Mariix.sa Tahiti ...{Sept. 12
Uarda Hamburg &. Way Pts.jSept. 12
O. W.EMer... Portland *' AKorla. . ..ISept. 12
Hival Wlllapa Harbor.'. .:... Sept. 13
Chlco Coquille River ....;... Sept. 13
Centennial.. . !-euitle'&' Taconia;. . . ..Sept. l.t
State Calltorn San Diego & Way Pts.|Sepl. 14
City PueWa.... Juget hound Ports. ... iSept. 14
Corona Humboldt |Sept. 14
Nebrankan Honolulu '&• Kahulul. jsept. 15
Alliance...... Portland &. Way Ports. ibtpt. IS
F. il. Ltg&eU. Portland |Stpj. IS
Chat. Nti.«,on.. S-attU . '.,.' '.. .iSrjt. K»
Honltn Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 15
Columbia Portland & Astoria. . . Sept. 17
City fcydney..!New York via Panama Sept. 17
J\orth Fork... | Humboldt * ........ Sept. 18
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE,
The steamer Alameda railed on Saturday
for Honolulu r.-ith an assorted merchandise
«-«r«ro. valued at S11S.G79 and included the
following: 207 bbls flour, 1749 pkgs frash
li-iii. 4u2 pktfs iresh vegetables, 727 pkss
poutiotf, 323 pkgs cnions, 837b lbs fresh
meat, '.'.CXI lbs dressed poultry, 3185 lhs 23
pkgs fresh fltih. 22 pkgs oysters. 38.827 lbs
middling. 12.:K» lbs 22 cs meals. 1305 lbs
suKar. 2333 lbs b*ans. 9843 lbs ham and ba
con. 7S36 lbs salt. 5037 lbs cheese. 205 cs
ejre*. 04*3 lbs 12 cs butter. 6350 lbs :s2 cs
bread. 21 ctls corn, 21 ctls wheat, 520 ct!s
barley. .VC8 lbs 10O sks bnn, 113« pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 331 cs canneil poods, SO
jikRS 11 cs salmon, CSiSO Ir.e 25 cs lard, 31
pkgs paste. 1275 lbs dried fruit, 94 pkRs ra!
fins. .•{"i-j lbs 10 ikes candy, 2019 lbs glucose
443 rals .To cs wine. 18.3OO Iba codfish 202
pals 123 cs whisky. 42 cs liquors, 5 cs brandy,
:;0 cs mineral water. 20 cs champagne, 548 lbs
tea, SOI lbs chocolate. 21 bbls beer. 810 lb«
hops. 373 lbs ruts, 103 pkgs dry goods. 71 cs
boots ar.d shoe-?. 12 cs hats and caps S1S.9 lbs
lS^ca tobacco. 93 pkRS wire. 192 pes 33 bdls
pipe. lOOO lbs tin plate. J3 pkgs and 2 car
loads machinery. 23 cs 12 bbls oil, •*« colls
rope. 32 pkgs leather. 130 jx-s 25 bdls steel.
141 pes 62 pks:s steel. 11 pk?s electrical fup
plU-5, 11 cs arms and ammunition, 61 pkgs
vehicle. 5«J cs 1 bbl turpentine. 64 pkgs nails
15 pks* agricultural implements. 7 pkpa mill
work. 8904 ibs roda afh, 400 pkgs paper IS
baJcs paper baea. 175 pkgs drugs and sundries.
10 cs rubber coeds. 145 cs foap. 43 cs paints
4 b«!es bags. 2 bales twins. 2 bbls alcchol,'
4 cyls Kas, 10 bbls tar. 20 bbls pitch.
The Alameda's Cargo.
The ship Marion Chilcott was cleared yes
terday for Honolulu with 672.000 gallons crude
oil in bulk, valued at ?22,400.
Crude Oil for Hawaii.
The British steamer Heathdene is chartered
for wheat and flour from Puget Sound to Ja
pan (October loadlne).
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
. Shipping-Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The French bark Charles Gounod. 121 days
from Java, arrived cfT the port yesterday. Just
about half an hour rfter sh» had been placed
on the reinsurance list at 10 per cent. She an
chored about three miles out and will remain
outside until rhe receives orders either to come
in or proceed to eome other port.
Is Outside Awaiting Orders.
The vanguard of the salmon fleet came in
¦with a ruEh, whlph eased uj> yesterday to a
considerable extent. The rhlp Blgr Bonanza,
which arrived late Monday evening with .'J0.O0O
cases of salmon, came down from Ncrshagak in
1334 days. The only subsequent arrival was
the schooner Charles Hanson which came In
i/-sterday, 1:1 days from Bristol Bay. with 104~i
Barrels of salmon.
Salmon Vessels Arrive.
Schr Chas Hanson, Peterson, 21 days from
Bristol Bay.
Schr Dauntless, Smith, 6 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Alice Cooke, Penhallow, 9 days from
Port Gamble.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, September 8.
Stmr State of California. Thomaa, San Diego:
Pacific Const Steamship Co.
Stmr Mlnnewaska. La verge. New York: Wil
liams, Dimond & Co.
Stmr Umatilla, Xopander, Victoria, etc; Pa
cific Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nav Co.
Ship Marion Chilcott. Williams, Honolulu;
J D Shekels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday. September 8.
Rtmr Samoa, Madsen, San Pedro.
Stmr Umatilla, Nopander, Victoria, etc.
Stmr Centralia. Ericsson. San Pedro.
Stmr Coquille River, Dart, Eureka.
Stmr Gmsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Whiiesboro. Olsen. Greenwocd.
Schr N'okomis. XJelsen. Grays Harbor.
SPOKKN.
Aug 7, lat 14 S. Ion 36 W, Fr bark Jean,
from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Aug IS. lat 11 S. Ion 38 W, Fr bark Bos
suet, from Rotterdam, for San Francisco.
Per Br ship Scottish Lochs— Aug 12 lat
31 07 N. Ion 141 57 W. ship Henry FallLns.
from Fort Blakeley, for Sydney.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Pent 8, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 10 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. <
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sfpt 8— Stmr Ruth,
hence Sept t>; stmr Coronado, from Grays Har
bor.
Sailed SeDt S— Stmr Santa Monica, for San
Francisco.
RELHJNDO— Arrived Sent 8— Stmr Noyo.
from Fort Bra or.
PORT TOUNSEND— Parsed In Sept 8— Jap
stmr Iyo Maru, from Yokohama, for Seattle
Passed in Sent X— Schr A M Baxter, hence
Auk 2::. for Kverett.
TATOOSH— Passed out Sept 8— Bktn James
Tuft, for Melbourne? fchr John A Campbell,
for Kan Franci^o.
Passed in Kept S -Nor bark Abyssinia, from
Glasgow, for Tacoma.
Pas&ed In Sept S — Stmr Edith, hence Sept
0, for Seattle.
Passed in Sept S— Schr Kins Cyrus, from
San Pedro, for Tacoma. '
SIUSLAVy RIVER— Arrived SeDt 6— Srhr C
A Klose, her.ue Sept .J; rchr Sacramento, hence
Sept :t. both In tow from San Francisco by
tug Sea Rover.
SANTA 1JARRARA— Sailed Sept 8— Stmr
Cocs Hay, for San Pedro.
ASTORIA — Arrived Sept 8 — Br ship "Port
Patrick, from Hnmhurc.
COOS BAY— hr.Ued Sept 8— Stmr Arcata. for
San Francls-'o.
Arrived Sept S— Schr Webfoot. hence Aug 25.
BANDON— Sailed Sept 7— Schr Volante. for
San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 8 — Schr Onward, hence Aug 26.
SEATTLK — Arrived Sept S — Stmr Aberdeen,
from Astoria; Jap stmr Iyo Maru, from Vic
toria.
ECREKA— Arrived $ept 7— Stmr Eureka,
hence Sent C. Sept 8— Stmr Pomona, hence
Sept 7; stmr Iaoua. from San Pedro.
Arrived Sept X — Stmr Arctic, hence Sept 6.
Sailed Sept S — Stmr South Bay, for - San
Francisco. ,
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept ; 7— Bktn Wn-s
tler, from Grays Harbor.
Sailed Sept 7— Br ship Brunei, for Port
Townsond.
KAHULUI— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Alaskan,
from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DELAGOA BAY— Arrived- Ausr 14 — Br ship
Mlltor.burn. from Whatcom.
LONDON— Arrived Sept 0— Br ship County
of Dumfries, from Vancouver.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Sept 7— Ger stmr
Rams» s, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Sept S— Jap stmr Iyo
Maru. frcm Yokohama.
CORO.VEL — Arrived Sept 4 — Oer stmr Neko.
from Hamburg, for San Krancisco and Seattle.
BORDEAUX— Arrived Sept 4 — Ger stmr Tot
mes, from Humburg, for San Francisjo.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived . Sept 8— Stmr Grcsser
Kerfurst. from Bremen, stmr Citta di Glolano,
from Genoa, etc: stmr Neapolitan, from Na
ples and Genoa; stmr Georfrlc, from Liverpool.
Sailed Sept 8 — Stmr Kronprinz Wilhelm, for
Bremen ; Ktinr Armenian, from Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept S— Stmr Devon
ian, from Boston.
HAVRE— Sailed S*pt 8— Stmr La .Goscogne.
for New York.
GENOA — Failed Sept 8 — Stmr. Sardinia, for
New York.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived Sept 8 — Stmr Patri
cia, from New York, for Hamburg, and pro
ceeded.
BOULOGNE — Sailed Sept C — Stmr Ryndam,
from Rotterdam, for New York. ; •;.-'¦
The time ball on the Ferry > building: was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, 1. e., at noon
of the 12Cth meridian, or at 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September S. -
Francisco .Bay. Published' by- official au
thority of the Superintendent. • -
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
tho city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Poiriti the height of
tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 9.
Sun rises .'ft:46 %. m.
Sun -sets ......... :-.6:2!t p. m.
Moon rises 7 :6O p. m.
D (Tlme^ (Time| rrime| "Trlme!
P Ft..!- 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.
¦ |H W| |L \V| jH W) |L W|
» 0:4C 4. SI fi:30 l.S| 1:00 6.1 7-02 TI
10 1:27 4.7 7:05 l.ti 1:20 5.1 7:40 0.9
11 2:22 4.81.7:43 '2.0 2:0.'J 6.1 8:3rt 0.8
12 3:24 4.3| K:3O| -'A 2:51 B.I 9:3S O.-
I.I 4:35] 4.119:251 2.7 3:41 5.2 10:46 O.«
14 5:52| 4.1|10:3S! 2.0| 4:43 5.2111:54 0 4
15 | 7:O7| 4.»,11 :&5i 2.9| 5:50| • 5.2| |
NOTE— In the above exposition" of the tides
the early morning tliiea are Riven in the left
hand column and the aucceaslve -tides of the
day In the order of occurrence aa to time; the
fourth time column givea tho last tide of tho
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights Riven are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when the number
Klven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane Of. reference la the mean
of the lower low waters.
FOR some reason that M. A. New
ell Is unable to explain interest
in the overdue American ship
Helen Brewer has taken a new
lease of life and yesterday a con
siderable sum was invested on taa ves
sel's chance of* arrival. Local speculators
have more than $200,000 placed on this
vessel. It has been placed "to arrive,"
and the greater part of It at from SO to
90 per cent. She is now out 1S7 days from
Scurabaya for Delaware Breakwater, but
in ppite of the length of passage faith in '
her safety is strong and seems strongest
where the ship is best known. Honolulu
has taken a big interest in the Brewer
and speculators of the island port have
invested several thousand dollars on her.
The rate of reinsurance on the Aria
tides was advanced yesterday to SO per
cent. She Is now out 103 days from Co
leta Eucna for this port. The rate en
the SIrius was advanced to 50 per cent.
The British bark Andora, at 15 per
cent, is the latest addition to the overdue
list. She is out 140 days from Baltimore
lor Iquique.
Alnong- those present at the convention
were Dr. G. H. Aiken of Fresno, Dr..Da
vis of Stockton, Dr. Rugglcs of Stockton,
formerly a member of the State Board
of Health; Mrs. Dr. Ryerson Butin of
Madera. Dr. Ira B. I^add of Stockton. Dr.
Carothers of Martinei. Dr. William Simp
eon of San Joee, Dr. H. C. Brown of San
Jose, Dr. J. L- Asay of San Jose and Dr.
Robert T. l>gget of McCloud.
At the afternoon session Dr. A. P.
O'Brien addressed the convention. Dr. D.
H. Currie of the United States marine
hospital service read a paper on "Rats
end the Danger of Their Spreading Dis
ease." Engineer Grunsky showed the
plans for the new German hospital and
explained the modern innovations that
¦will be Introduced.
Dr. William Simpson, health officer of
Santa. Clara County, raised a laugh by
asking Dr. Aiken how he had been able
to get so much money for the suppression
of smallpox. He said that last year he
had 150 cases and that he was only al
lowed $3000 by the county and that he was
told that he was bankrupting it Dr.
Simpson went into details about the dan
ger of contagion in smallpox and quoted
a case at Coyote, where an old woman
who washed the clothes of children who
were supposed to be suffering from chick
?n pox became attacked with smallpox
and later gave it to five other people,
three of the cases dying.
THE SMALLPOX QUESTION.
The members of the convention then
drifted to the subject of smallpox and the
danger cf contagion. Dr. Aiken of Fresno
opened the cMs*eussion. He said that near
ly all the smallpox that appeared in Fres
no County was owir.g to the lax atten
tion to quarantine by health officers cf
other counties. In Fresno County alone
$4<\000 had been expended In the last two
years in suppressing the disease. Some
of the smallpox patients were recent ar
rivals from the East and some came from
adjoining counties. What was needed at
once was a uniformity in all counties in
the enforcement of State health laws. He
knew that Fresno had the reputation of
being a very hot pla.ee. but he also felt
proud that the city was known as a place
where sanitary laws were respected and
cbeyed. Owing to the milk regulations
and the inspection of meat the death rate
for the last two years had been reduced
23 per cer.t. he said.
Professor W. B. Rising, In charge of
the chemistry department cf the Univer
sity of California, followed with a paper
en "Food Adulteration." He dwelt on the
crime of tampering with food and also
emphasized the fact that all goods when
imitations of other thinps should be
plainly marked so that the purchaser
v.fiuld not bo misled.
TAKPEBLNG WITH' FOOD.
W. I. Foley. an attorney of Los An
{reks. was then introduced to the conven
tion. He read a most Interesting paper
o:i the subject, "The Necessity of More
Direct Rec:j'.ation of the Public Health
by the Statfi I'nder Its General Police
Power." H* said in part:
Politicians nurt learn that the subject of
public health will in tim« becxMMt popular.
The dow. at well as the quick rr.!nd. must be
taught to le?.r ar<J observe the lurking <ian-
r- arif=injr from inadequate Fanitary lav. s.
Saaltuy measures prepare. 1 , or Fuggc-sted by
this br;iid shju!<l b<" submitted to the »are
of the :¦¦¦:.¦.: legislators at all parties. The
LlSM it opportune lor actlrn. Jt is a most
hspPT presafa of ¦nocers that the jireser.t ex
ecutive of the £tate by reason of his omt» ence
In the medical profession, as well a? his wide
experience and Ftatesmanshlp. has the power
to materially aid this necessary and important
work of sanitary reform which the distin
guished jj-ofessionai psTitlernen constituting
the State Board of Health heve so wisely
industriously arid ably inaugurated for the
commonwealth. At all events the people of
the owe rartlcularly «o the members of
this board and to the associated members of
the medical rr° f *ssion of the State generally
b. debt of gratitude for their activity and in
terest in sanitary matters which will In time,
I trust, be adequately acknowledged, and will
result in a revision and reform of the sanitary
laws cf the State.
POLICE REGULATIONS.
ANTIQUATED LAWS.
Dr. Foster said that the work of the
F:ate Beard of Health was extremely
«1itficult on account of two troubles, the
Jirst being that the laws in reference to
enforcing sanitary measures were anti
quated, and the second that a lack of
interest was shown by health officers of
the State. He said that he did not mean
to attack personally those present, but
he was disappointed to see oniy a hand
ful of health officers, when there were
about 150 cf them in th*» State. He sug
gested that tue convention and organiza
tion be made permanent and that the
r.cxt meeting cf the association be held
the latter part of April at the same date
and r'laee as the State Medical
In the meantime committees could get up
rapers which could, be read and would
be sure to b^ instructive to the members
t'f boards of health al! over the State.
the organization to meet once a year to
attempt to revi*» the sanitary laws cf
the State and by mutual exchange of
ideas work in more perfect harmony in
the future. At the session yesterday Dr.
Martin Repensburger, chairman cf the
State Board of Health, was elected presi
dent cf the new medical association and
Dr. N. K. Foster f-ecretary.
At the opening of the session yesterday
morning a.t 13 o'clock Dr. Regensburger
made a few preliminary remarks. He
paid that at a mot-ting some time ago
ot the State Board of Health it was sug
gested that if a few of the many oltl
riaJs attached to the health boards
throughout the State were to meet otfea-
Klonally it would be most advantageous.
There were many pubjeuts that should
he discussed, those being sanitary laws,
the prevention of the contusion of riv
trs. creeks, milk and public conveyances.
The State Board cf Health was unable
to perure statistics in regard to births,
and this among other subjects could be
discussed by an organization of State
health officers and undoubtedly many im
provements could be made in this way.
the speaker said. In closing he called
upon Dr. Foster, secretary of the Slate
Heard of Health # for remarks on the sub
ject.
Accepting the invitation of the State
Board of Health, a score of health offi
cers'located in different parts of the State
met the Str.te Board yesterday in the
Alcazar building and a permanent organ
isation was formed and named the State,
County and Municipal Sanitary Confer
ence of California. It !s the intention cf
Interesting Papers Are Read
and Doctors Exchange
Their Views.
In the United States District . Court
yesterday the Dene Steamship Company,
limited, filed a libel against Mitsui Bus
san Kaisha of Tokio and T. Mlklmoto of
San Francisco to recover $1043 alleged
balance due for freight on a cargo of
coal shipped from Karatsu, Japan, to San
Francisco.. * '_
Iiibfcl for Freight Money.
Petitions in insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: W. J. Corbett, railroad engi
neer, San Francisco, liabilities $388, no as
eets; John Landers Stevens, an actor, San
Francisco, liabilities $2211, no assets; Ar
thur de \V. Brown, merchant, Santa
Rosa, liabilities, $6327, assets $5528.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Uncle Sam Wants Steam Engineer.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination on
October 7 to fill a vacancy In the position
of steam engineer at a salary of $900 per
annum. Persons who desire to compete
should apply to the United States Civil
Service Commission, Washington. D. C,
for application form 1052, which should be
properly executed and filed with the com
mission at Washington.
John Murray, a sailor living at 34 Clay
street, who was arrested on Sunday night
in a saloon at 243 East street on a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon for at
tempting to shoot James Green, the bar
tender, was arraigned before" Police Judge
Mogan yesterday and the case continued
till September 10. Murray was also book
ed on a charge of burglary committed in
the same building on the same night.
Sailor in Serious Trouble.
Captain A. H. Scott of the Gerard C.
Tobey and Mate William P. Canty of the
same vessel received sentence yesterday
at the hands of Supervising Inspector
Captain John Bermingham for having en
gaged in a mutual belaying pin, monkey
wrench man-eating contest on the high
seas on August 4. Their licenses were
suspended for forty days. The complaint
was made by Canty, but the evidence
showed that Canty had been as much to
blame as the captain and had been dis
armed of a hammer and an iron belaying
pin before the captain bit a piece of flesh
out of hia chest. In fact Canty showed
too great a willingness to fight with his
superior officer, and started the mix up
by calling the captain a "lime juicer,"
which blood purifying epithet seems to
call for the spilling of blood whenever
applied to a sailor.
LICENSES OF SEAMEN
SUSPENDED FOR CAUSE
Captain Scott and Mate Canty Both
Blamed for a Weird Canni
balistic Contest.
The case will be resumed at 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning, when Attorney Dunne
will deliver his argument urging the sup
port of the amendment, which seeks to
broaden the ground of the defendant to
admit of testimony in support of mitiga
tion.
Upon the reouest of Attorney* Dunne
for the defense that he be permitted to
introduce -an amendment to' the answer of
the defense 'and the Introduction of a
demurrer to the reception of the amend
ment bv the attorneys for the plaintiff
the remainder of the day's session was
devoted to the argument of ! Attorney
Hiram Johnson in support of the demur
rer..
In the criminal trial of Beale and Wil
liams, whlcli was conducted before Judge
Cook In December and resulted In their
acquittal on January 6. the story of their
attack upon Marriott, editor and proprie
tor of the San FrsncJsco News Letter,
was fully exploited. As the result of an
alleged defamatory article against his af
nanced wife which appeared in the publi
cation of the News Letter- of August 30
Beale betook hlmse.- to the house of the
editor on the night of September 3, ac
companied by Williams, there to demand
a retraction. The testimony devolved the
fact that In a scuffle which ensued as the
result of the meeting Williams flred three
shots at Marriott in alleged self-defense,
two of which produced serious wounds.
In the complaint wnich Marriott makes
for the recovery of damages he alleges
that the wounds caused by- the shots from
Williams' revolver, besides causing him
great physical agony, forced him tq re
main under a physician's care for more
than s!x weeks.* entailed great expense
and left him permanently injured. Mar
riott was represented in court yesterday
by Attorneys .Albert Johnson. Hiram
Johnson and Bruce Cornwall. Attorneys
Peter F. Dunne and Harry T. Creswell
have been retained for the defendants.
After devoting several hours to the im
paneling of a jury, in whfch pfocess the
attorneys exerted all possible care in the
selection, there were chosen to decide
upon the merits of the case George R.
Armstrong William Rayhill, William D.
Ball, Charles W. Chapman. John Ton
nington, Charles Oberdeener, John R. Mc-
Gufflck. W. J. Evans. John Stokes, H. A.
Ingerson, James G. Boohar and Samuel
Isaacs. • •
The hearing of the civil suit instituted
by Frederick Marriott In the Superior
Court for the recovery of $100,000 damages
from Thcmas II. Williams and Trux
tun Beale for the assault ¦committed by
them upon him at his home 6n the night
of September 3. 1902. commenced before
Judge Sloss yesterday morning. From
the preliminary sparring of the attorneys
on both sides It is evident that the suit
will be long and bitterly contested
Truxtun Bsale aird Thomas
William3 Are Sued f jr
Sum of $100,000
State Health Officers
Organize Permanent
Association.
Judge Slo3s Hears Suit
Against Editor's
Assailants.
MEDICOS DISCUSS
SANITARY LAWS
MARRIOTT ASKS
HEAVY DAMAGES
TBE SAl* FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9 % 1903.
For Some Reason as Yet Unknown Interest Revives in
the Long Overdue American Ship Helen Brewer and
More Money Is Invested on Her Chance, of Arrival
SPECULATORS STILL HOLD
NINETY PER CENTER SAFE
10
SOUTH ERN d PACIJJC
(Main Line. Foot of MarKet Street >
U 1TI — from s«PT«3iBiit 2. 1!H)3. — .am»T»
7 00a Bcnlcla, SuIsud, Kimlra »nd Sacra-
mento J«'
7 00* Vacavllle, Winters, i:um»ejr 7-Z5F
7.30* Martinez. Snn Ramon. Vallejo.
Nupm. CaltstoE*. Ssnta Rosa 8-25?
7.30* Nile", Uvermore, LatUrop. Stock;-
ton 7.Z5P
8 00* Davis. Woodland. Knights Laudlngr.
Marysyllle. Ornvliie. (connects
at Marysville for Grldley. Biggs
andChi.o) :•-••" -Z-22 P
8 00* Atlnnllc Express— OK>len«nd East. 10.25*
8 00* Port Costn, Martinez. Antioch. By-
ron Tracy.Stocklon.Sacramento,
Lo» Itanm, Mendota, Hanford.
VUalla. Pnrtervlllc 4.25r
8 00* fort Costa. Martinez, Tracy. Latli-
rop, Modesto, Merced. Fresno.
Go«h>T Junction. Hanford, Vl-
salia. Hakcrsfteld 5.25p
830* Shasta Kx press— Davis. Wllltami
(for Uartlett Springs). Willows.
tFruto. Ked Muff. Portland 7-55r
8.30* V\les. Ban .lone. Llvermore, Stock-
ton, lone. SacrnaieDto.riacerTUle.
Marysvtlle. Chlco, Ked Uluff 4-25?
8.30* Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
norw. Tuolmnne and Angela 4.Z5F
800* Martinez aad Way Stations 8 55 r
1000* Vallejo •••. 12.25*
10 00* El Pa«o Passenger. E;wtl>ound.—
Port Costa, Mattinez, Byron.
Tracy, Lathroit. 8tockton.
. Mrrced. ICiymoad. Fresno, llaa-
ford. Vlsalta, Uafecrsfleld, Los
Angelea and El Paso. (West-
bound arrive* via Coast Line)... «1.30r
10C0* Tee Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denver. Omnlia. Chtcauo 8 25i»
12 00m liny ward. Mies and Way Stations. 3 25p
H.OOp Sacramento Hlver Steamers tiLOO?
3J0p Benlcla. Winters. 6acramento.
WoodHnd. V.'llliams. Colusa.\. 11-
lows, KnlRhts Landlntr. Marys-
ville, Oroville and way stations.. 10 55*
ZZOr nayward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 755?
4C0r Mnrttnez.San r.amon.ValleJo.N'apa,
Calistoga. Santa Kosa 8.25*
4.00f Martinez. Tracy. Latnrop.StocSton. 10 25*
400r Nlles. Llsertnore. Stockton, Lodl.. 4.25l»
.430r Ilayward. Nlles. lrvtngton, San I t3.55*
Jose. Llvermore ( 111.55*
6 COr The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
lialcersAeld. Los Accelos H 55a
6-OOr Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton. Lot
Banos 12-25p
15 30f Ilayward. Nlles and San .lose 7.25*
6. OOp Ilayward. Nlles anaygan Jose 10.25*
6.00i* Oriental Mall— O^lcn. Donter,
Omaba. St. Louis. Chlcaso and
East. Port Costa. Bcnicta. Sui-
sun, Elmlrm, Davis. Sacramento,
Koclclln. Aub'Vu. Colfax.
Truckee. Boca, l;*no, Wads-
- worth. Wlnnemncca, Battle
Mountain. Elko 4 25!"
ft.. Reno. Truekee. Bscrainento. Da via.
Salsun, Benlcla, Port Costa 755*
S.OOr Vallejo. dally, except Sunday I 7 ce»
7-OOr Vallejo. Sunday only ( /oar
7.00r San Pablo. Port Costs, Marttnes
and Way Stations 11.25*
tCSr Orecon * California E.tpress — 6ae-
ramento, Marysvlllr. Bedding.
Portland. Puget Sourd and Kast. 8-55*
fl.iCr Hay ward. Jilles and San Jose (Sna-
dayonly) 11.55*
11.25F Port Costs, Tracy, Lathrop. Mo-
desto, Merced, Kay mend (to Yo-
semtte), Fresno, lUnford. VI-
salia. Bakernfleld 1225?
COAST LINE (Sarmw Uauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
745* Saota Crtu excursion <Sundsy
only) 8.10*
8.16* Newark. t>ntrrv!"e. San Jose,
Felton. Boulucr Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Statlona 6 25?
12.1BF Sewark. Centervllle, San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Oaton, Felton,
Boaider free*. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations 10-55*
4-1 5r Newark, San Jose, Los Oatos and
way station* (on Saturday and
6anday runs through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Cruz). Connects at Felton to
aad from Boulder Creek t3.55 *
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SAN FKANCISCU, *w>t of Market 8c (Sl!p*>
—rr.li »:00 11:00 *.*. 100 3X0 515 T.M
From OAKLAND. Koot of Hroadway — +6:00 t3:0t
t»:05 lt>:W*.K. 12 00 200 4. CO p.m.
COAST LINE < Broad baajte).
fJT~ < Viilrd aail f»>wn»end gtreeta.)
6.10* Sau Jose and Way Statlona 6 SOr
1700* San Jo«e and Way Stations 5 33p
7-15* Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 8 33'*
800* New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only). 4.1Qp
8 00* Coast Ltne Limited — Stops only Saa
Joi>e, l.ilroy (connection for ITol-
lintrr), Pajaro. Castrovllle, Sa-
linas, San Ardo, Paso Kobles,
SantaMargarlta, San Luis Oblspo,
Gnadalupe, Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara. Sangns
and Los Angeles. Connection at
Castrovllle to and from Monterey
andPacinc Grovv 10 43*
t.00* 8an Jose. Tres Finos. Capltola,
SantaCraz.PaclacGroTe,Saltnaa,
San Lu!» Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Sutlons 4-10* 1
fO-30* San Jose and Way Stations 1.2&P
11.00* Ceraetery Passenper — South Saa
Francisco, Snn Bruno 1.C5P
11.30* SaDta Clara, fan Jose, Loa Gatoa
and Way Stations 7.30e
«1;0r San Jose and Way SUtlons x700i"
Z.COr Ean Jose and Way Stations 1940*
2.3Qp Cemetery Passengrcr — South Saa
Francisco, San ltruno 4.35r
t3.00r Del Monte Express— Santa Clara.
Ean Jose. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Boulder
. __ Creek and Narrow Gauge'Points) t12.18»
• cur Pacific Grove and Way Stations—
BurUncnmcSnnMateo.neawrxid.
Menlu Park. Palo Alto, Mayneld.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. Saa Jose, (Gt'.ror. nolllj-
ter. Trea PInos), Pajaro. Wataon-
vllle. Capltola, Santa Cruz, Cas-
¦ trovllle, Salinas 10.45*
4 JDf San Jose sn<l Way StaUons 8 33*
b COr San Joge. (via Santa Clara) Loa
- iiatos.Wrlgbtan:! Principal w»y
., ¦ Stations (except Sunday) 9 00*
{5 30r San JoseandPrln.-ipalWay Stations +8. 00*
T».1&r SanMateo.Beresford.BelmoncSan
Carlo». Kedwood. Fair • Oaka,
fMenloPark. Palo Alto t9.45*
•ZOr San Jose and Way Stations 8-33*
XOi- Bnoset Limited. Kastboand.— Saa
Luis Obtspo, Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles, bemlng. El Paso, Kew
Orleans. Kew Tork. (Westbound
arrives via S*n JosqulnVallcy)... sr825*
8.00 p Palo Alto and Way Stations 10-15*
11. 30* South San Francisco. MlUbrae,'
Borllngame, San Mateo. Bel-
mont, San Carlos. Redwood, »aAa±
Fstr Oaks. Menlo Park. Palo - Ig-Jf,
Alto. Mayfleld. Mountain View. «*•«»*
Snonyvale, Lawrence, Saataj
Clara and San Jo»e J
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. J Sunday only.
I Etov* at all statlona oa Sunday,
tbunday excepted. a Saturday only.
* \ in Coast Line. «¦ Via San Joaquia Valley.
oReno train eastbound discontinued.
|7~Only trains stoppli)** at Valencia St. southbound
tre 6: 10 a.m.. t7:UOA.*..ll:lO*.X-2:i'0 P.M. and 6:30 r.M.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
L«av« Tu SnsaUta fsrry Arrive
SataFran. »»n «f lUrtst 31 San Vrxn.
Week Suo^ »T||_~ Sun- Weeit
Day*, day /fflffim AlT< D*n.
9T45I h-.ooa fi^Ma^a l^roONtfTI*;
t:4Sf 8:OO* \S2«5Vi«£/ l«:5Or3:3»f
ftllfip lO.OO* «»iw«xy 3:3Op 3s3Of
htn^yi sely. lavs I^nra » 9;3Oy,arriv»l}. 11:30?
IICW I (US Masjlict St^ (N'or'Jj Sbors Railroad>
OtUB i and Saihalzto Pkkxv Foot Market St.
ThTWeeklj Call,
$1 per Ycar^
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
leave* Monday* >ad Thnndays at t-.M a.m.
Through In 3 days with Dinars and all trappings. '
Our other trains go it
7:33am \ for Stockton, Fresno,
t:30AM > BaVersfit Id, Merced.
•:00pm) Haaford, Vlsalia.
4:00pm for Stockton.
•:00pm lor Kansas City and Chicago.
Office, 641 Market St., and in Perry
% Depot; 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
Train* leave Market Street Firry.
BAILWAY TBAVIX.
The sensible S fH" |
nent make the trip in \§k L^ "G^^^^^^^^i
less expensive than * •]
traveling in a stand- [\
. ard sleeper, and almost as comfortable. - B
But be sure you go the right way — via the Rock n
Island. "Scenic" or "Southern" route, whichever |
aaa*L- j Sontbern route can leare San Francisco ( • Per- U
V^xgSj^gliieg^jJjtT sonallr conducted three times a w?efc. , M
x f^$£'1FbYiW Scenic line cars leave San Francisco v» eaaesaays, i\.
lilllfl W Mm I In Saturdays and Sundays. , _. pj
gW^m^*s[^ Aikforlolder. Tickets tt Southern Pacific ticket ofSces. -A
P- W« Thompson, G. W. A., jj
fiidiv^^/>i§i5s 633 Market St., San Francisco, CaL |*
i ™^ OtOIS lS!BBa3BSBSBSSS! sa****B**B***^BBia
Your Trip East.
j Perhaps 70a came from the East
and are now planning to go back. If
you came over our lino you know how
good the service is, the comfort and
convenience of our tourist sleeping
car3, and how onr special conductor
assisted in making the trip easy and
interesting. ,
WHY NOT GO BACK
WITH US?
I am here to arrange all the details
for you. We have tourist parties
which leave for Chicago, St. Louis
and Boston every week by way of
Salt Lake City, through glorious
Colorado by daylight and via Denrer. •
You can stop over at interesting places
if you wish, as one of the excursions
has been so arranged.
Kindly drop me a line, saying just
when you are going and what you would
like to do, and I will see that you are
thoroughly posted. Then, if you wish,
I will reserve a sleeping berth for yon
and see that you are comfortably
started on your journey.
W. D. SANBORN, Gen'l Agt. Burlington Route,
631 Market Street, San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HT. CO.
LiESSEE
5 AN FRAKCftGU J,hU NUriTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COUPANT.
Tlbnroa Ferry, 1*005 or Market St.
SAN FKAHCXSCO TO SAW EAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:00. 11:00 a. m. ;
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. in. ¦
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m. I
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 6:30.-11:30 p. m.
SAN HAPAEL TO SAS FBAXTCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS — C:C5. 6:50 7:35. 7:50. 0:20,
11:15 a. to.; 12:50. nf:0O. 3:40. 5:00. 6:20.
11:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:10, 4:50, 5:00, 5:20. 0:10. 6:25 p. m.
J *E.\cept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I May 3. 1D03. [San Francisco.
Week i Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days.f tlon. | days, f Days.
7:30a! -7:45a! 7:45a
c30a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40a
8:00 a 0:30 a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:0Op!fi:2Oi>
5:10 p 5:10 p «:20pj 7:25 p
II 7j25 p[
7:30 a 7:30 a , iT»5a| 7:45 a
8:C0a 8:C0a Novato. 10:20a 1020a
2:30 p !»:30a Petaluma, 6:20 pi 6:20 d
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
I 5:10 p| Santa Rosa. | |
7:3Oa 7:3Oa 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 620 p
2:30 p 2:30 p . 7:25 p
I I Windsor. j T,
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Healdsburgr, |10:20 a'l0:20 a
_ „ J „ ,1 Lytton. I I
2:^0 p! 2:30p| Geyservllle, I 7:25 pr~:25 d
I I Clovcrdale. | _ I
7:30 a 7:30 a! Hopland [foTstTa 10:20a
2 L 30 . p - 2 L Z0 Pi ¦ and L 7 k»ah. I 7:25 p 7:23 p
":'iO^\J_^tO_a\ Wlllit's. r7:25"pi"7~25 p
8:C0a| 8:0t)a! Camp Vacation. |10~:26~a[lb:20a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guern»vllle. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:C«>a| 8:0Oa! Sonoma. I 8:4o"a ~8?46~a
5^10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p 6:20 i>
7:30a| 7:.10ai 110:20 a 10:20a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. |7:2Sp 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Sprinss; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Hprinfrs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at Gey
servllle for Skasgs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ckiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside.' LIerly"s"
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Orr*s
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, CamD
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Brae*
Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg
Westport. Pherwocd. Cahto, Covello. LaytonI
vllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris OI-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia,
and Eureka. .
. Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. •
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, C30 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. ' R. X. RTAN'
Gen. Manager. Gen.Paas. *Agt.
"TO SAN RAFAEL,
SAN OUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS — (Holidays excepted) — 6:45.
t*7:45. 8:45. 0:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. "1:45. 3:15,
4:15. t3:15. *B:15. 6:45. 9, 11:45 p. in.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL. HOLIDAYS— 7
IS, t*«. +*IO. M» +11:^0 a. m.. fl2:30 t'l:30.'
2:35. »3:50, 5. 6. 7:30. 9, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
Those marked <t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p m
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to- Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. JH:25. 7:40. 8:13. fJ:3o,
11:05 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20, t3:45, 4:50. 5:30. «:4i,
10:20 p. m. *
SUNUAYS— 6:15. "7:33, *S:I0. 0:40. i!0:55.
±11:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30. J3:25, 4:40 15 50
6:55. 7:35. 10:20 p. m. ' * "
Trains marked <t) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN^
CISCO— Week days— 5:45, 6:40, 7:45 S-'VS
0:45, 11:10 a. m., 12:40. 2:45. 4:15, 5:10 7 : 05*
10:40 r». m. *
SUNDAYS— B:35. 7:55. 10, If :10 a m r»C3
1:05. 2:40. 3:45. 4:55." 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 i>m
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. week days — Cazadero and war
stations.
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m Caza
dero »nd way nations. '
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a m Point
Rev«-s and way stations. "*
TICKET OFFICE — «»1 Market «L 1
• FERRY— Foot ot Msjket st. ' r ,Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
firm; No. 2 spring wheat, 78c; No. 3, -81c No '
2 red, &0i4tt80%c; No. 2 corn. 519i@52c; No 2
yellow, 51%c; No. 3 white oats. 36@37V4c; No
2 rye, 54%c; good feeding barley, 44Q~51c; fair
to choice maltinB. 62©54c; No. " 1 flax-seed *
05%c: No. 1 Northwestern. ?J: prime timothy
eeed, $3 70; mess- rork. per bW. $12-7O®12 73
lard, per 100 lbs. f8 no®8 95; short ribs sides'
(loose), ?8 12&®8 37^; - dry. salted. EhouMera
Bran' Is coming In heavily from the north
and Is easy in conuwjuence. Prices for all
Feedstuff* remain about the same, however.
Hay is In large receipt, but as it Is now
mostly owned b--;- the San. Francisco dealers
prices are not avowed to decline
BRAN — $23 &O4T24 B0 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— t'M 6O02S per ton.
SHORTS— 123 50<ff24 60 per ton. . ....
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. |24®25 W
Hay and Fccdstuffs.
All interests — growers, shippers, packers and
brokers — report a firm feeling all along the line
for new Fruits, with a very fair demand. The
movement seems to be Increasing and the out
look for an active and firm market Is 'good.
There Is no Fruit' in the list Which can now be
called dull, and there Is none which leads the
others, except possibly Peaches. Raisins . are
firmly held at the opening; prices. Nuts are
steady but Honey Is more or less quiet.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots. 7H©9%c for Royals
and 0311c for Moorparks; Evapcrated Apples,
5®6c: Peaches.-. 6 1 /i@7c; Peara. 6@9c; Nec-
Dried Fru itSjNuts^Raisins^Honey.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60©
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 60®4 60-
Oregon >and Washington, $3 90®4 20 per hhi
lor family and $3 90Q4 40 fpr Baker*.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices -in 'packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs- Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, ; $3; Rice Flour. $7-
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, • $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 5O©4 75; Cracked Wheat, ?3 75; Fa
rina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oate. bbls, $7 25^8 60; In sacks, $6 76@8 10-
Pearl Barley, »G; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.- . .-
The demand is fair at the revised prices men
tioned at the close of the week. . .,
Flour and Millstuffs.
Elizabeth Roy of 2S1S Cedar street,
Berkeley, was knocked down on Market
street yesterday. She was crossing the
street when George Lubka, a driver for
a laundry supply company, drove over
her. He was arrested and charged with
battery.
Knocked Down by a Driver.
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
September, new 80% • 80TK; 80 SOU
December, new. 82% 62% 81% 80 *4
May 84% 84% 84 $4$
Corn No. 2 —
September 62% ¦ B2% - 61 61
December 62 J.2 . 50% 61 .
May 62 62 . 61 51
Oats No. 2 —
September 36 • 3G 35# asu
December 37% 37«4 37 271C
May 39% '" 39U 38% 38%'
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September 12 05 12 70 • 12 65 12 70
October 12 85 12 87%'I2 77% 12-P7U
May 13 30 13 30 13 22% 13 25 "
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 8 80 8 P5 8 80,. j.8 95
October ....... 7 82%. 7 Sr> . 7 82% . 7 95
January 7 12% 7 20- 7 07% 7 20
Short nibs, per 100 lbs—
September 8 2O 8 W f 8 20 • 8 27%
October 8 17% 8 5O 8 15, . 8 10 .
January « 87% 6 87% 6 80 C 80
Nellie Scharetg, wife of Louis A. Scha
retg, a riveter residing at 2627 Twenty
first street, was treated at tbe City and
County Hospital yesterday by Dr. Mc-
Elroy for lysol poison. The woman was
conveyed to the hospital by her husband,
but both declined to explain how tha
poison was administered 1 . Prompt treat
ment at the hospital saved her life.
Treated for Lysol Poison.
William Gorham, .a pressman on tha
Examiner, lies at the Emersency Hos
pital In a serious condition from a frac
ture of the base of the atcuIL Yesterday
he fell from a FlUmore-street car at the
crossing of Hayes street. How he came
by his injuries Is not known, for no wit
nesses to the accident appeared at tha
hospital. When Gorham was brought Into
the hospital Dr. James D. Murphy found
a profuse hemorrhage from both the ears,
with symptoms of skull fracture.
Skull Fractured by a Fall.
CHICAGO, Sept. 8.— Wheat was strong at
the opening. Influenced by bad weather in the
Northwest. December being %@%c higher at
&2%<582%c. There was but little rallying
power and the close was but a shade above
.the bottom at 81%<?81%c, *a loss of %®%c
from Friday's final figure.. . . .
News from the corn belt to-day wan ex
tremely bearish and predictions of light frosts
In Kansas and Nebraska to-night had but little
'effect acainst the summer-like weather of th<»
past three days. December options sold off
from 52c at the opening to 50%c, steadying a
trifle at the close to 51\ic. . . ¦
Oats were affected to some extent by the
weakness In corn. - Local longs and commis
sion houses led the selling, but email receipts
and some unfavorable crop news prevented a
large decline. December closed %c lower at
37@37%c after ranging between 37c and 37%c.
, The near-by deliveries in provisions were
stronp. packers selling ¦ the deferred product.
The demand was sufficient to hold prices,
however, with the exception of pork, which,
due 'to the weakness In com," showed a loss.
October pork was 6e lower, lard was up 12%®
15c and ribs 22%«525c higher.
, The leading futures ranged as follows: - '
Chicago Grain Market.
New York Cotton Market.
\
NEW YORK. Sept. 8.— The cotton futures
.market opened with prices unchanged to 4
points higher and closed steady at a decline
of 9Q31 points.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The last spot charters
were for barley at Jos 9d. usual European op
.tions. The chartered • wheat fleet In port has
a registered tonnage of 51,700. against C2 378
tons on the same date last year; disengaged !
84.000 tons. -against 58,400; on the way to this
port, 302.758 tons, asalnst 22G.0C0.
WHEAT — The market remains about aa for
some days past, both here and elsewhere. Chi
cago was slightly lower yesterday and feature
less. Minneapolis reported a very flne cash de- I
mand. St. Louis was lc higher with a good
outside demand. ¦
• The world's shipments last week were as
follows. In quarters: Russian, 304,000- Argen
tine. 37.0Q0; Indian. 05.000. ' '
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 45®1 02^; California
White Australian. $1 55®1 60: Northern dub
$1 45@1 EO: Xorthem Blue Stem, $l55©157ii-
Oregon Valley, $1 52^. .'*'
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. close
December ...$1 48 $1 48 $1 48 $1 43
2 p. m. Session. ¦
• Open. High. " Low. Close
December ...$1 48^ $1 48tf $1 48 • $1 45 '
BARLEY — The Montara brought up from the
southern coast 57,0Otf ctls. The market was
steady at the closing prices of last week with
u fair demand. Futures ruled firm.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1-12%@1 15; Shipping and Brewlnr
$1 20@l 25; Chevalier. $1 20®l 50 for fair ta
choice.* ' . m '
FUTURES.
. Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. close
December ...$1 14% $1 15 $1 14% $1 15 '•
2 p. m. Session.
: December— $1 15.
OATS — Offerings are ample for all current
r.eeda without being excessive, and the market
is steady, with a fair demand.
White. • $1 20@l 32fc; Black, $1 20@I 55-
Red, $1 20@l 22% for common and Si 2^ra
1 35 for choice; Gray. $1 27% per ctl. ¦ w
CORN — Receipts -from the West are incma
lng and. the market is ruling easier in conse
quence, though prices show no change worthy
of note. Arrivals of domestic Corn are light
Western, sacked, $1 42 1 ,£@1 45 for Yellow
and White and $1 42% for mixed; California
large Yellow. $1 55®1 57%: : email round do
$1 70@l 75; White, $1 55 per ctl.
¦ RYE — Dealers are' quoting a' firm but ouiet
market at $1 20@l 27% per ctl. "
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 60 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
APPLES— 85c@$l 10 per box for fancy. 50f»
75c for good to choice and 25@40c for common;
Crabapples, .
PEARS — Bartletts. $1@1 50; winter varie
ties, WVfionc per box. according to size of box.
QUINCES — *0®60c per box.
FIGS— 50c@$l per box for black and 25-5600
lor other varieties.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— I0@50c per crate
and 25@J0c per box; large open boxes. 50075c;
per ton. $20@25.
PEACHES — Small boxes, 50<ffift5c: carriers.
C0@S5c- large open boxes, 50@75c; per ton.
$20®25 for ClingBtones.
POMEGRANATES— 40<f 75c per box.
GRAPES— Seedless, 50@75c per box; I?abella
7r>c@?l per box or crate; other varieties 33®
50c for small boxes. 50<385c for crates and
C5c@$l for large open boxes; Zlnfandel Wine
Grapes. S23®24 per ton.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, 75c©$l 50 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 35@U0c per box; Watermelons.
$8®20 per hundred.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2 75@3 for fan.
cy Valencia*. $2'£2 50 for choice and $1 25®
1 50 for Standard: Seedlings, $1®1 25; Lemons,
$1©3 per box, with some fancy higher: Grape
Fruit $1 75f 2 25; Mexican Limes, $6; .Ba
nana*. $2!B3 per bunch for Central American
andjl 23®2 for. Hawaiian; Pineapples. $2 50@
3 per dozen.
RASPBERRIES — $6«?S per chest
. BLACKBERRIES— $2 50©3 50 per chest for
ordinary and/ $4@4 50 for fancy from Santa
Cruz. / ,
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@8c per lb.
The Citrus market was practically bare of
Mexican Limes, and Lemons moved more
Xreely In consequence. Prices, however, were
•unchanged. A carload of Oranges came In and
was offering freely at previous prices. Oth
erwise there was nothing new to report.
¦ STRAWBERRIES— $1 00^3 for Mallndas and
$405 for other large varieties; Longworths,
nominal.
Receipts of strictly fancy table fruits con
tinued rather light and prices of such stock
were well sustained. There was an abund
ance of poor fruit, however, which had been
accumulating for some days, particularly Sat
urday and Monday, and prices for that class
of goods were unsteady. Peaches In small
packages were firm under steadily decreasing
receipts and a good demand, both for local
use and shipping account. Offerings In largo
opea boxes cleaned up readily under a steady
demand from canners and the regular trade.
.The demand for shipment on the Puget Sound
steamer, which sailed yesterday, was con
fined chiefly to Grapes, and prices o* choice
offerings In crates were firm In the early
morning under limited supplies. Fancy fresh
stock Intended for that purpose arrived too
late for the steamer and was offered freely to
the local trade at easy prices. 75c per crate
being the highest price obtained for the very
best stock. The market closed weak with a
heavy surplus unsold. Several consignments
of Wine Granes arrived from Antloch and
were offering at easier rates. Prices of Ap
ples, Ppars and Quinces were unchanged. Com
mon and wormy Apples were still abundant
and Inactive. Plums and . Prunes were easy
and Pomegranates were very dull. Figs ar
rived freely from several sections, and sold
at a~ wide range of prices aa .to quality, va
riety and style of package. Pomegranates
were offering freely, but found few buyers,
owing to the poor quality of the offerings.
Watermelons were active, owing to the warm
weather, and prices were maintained. Can
taloupes and Nutmeg Melons, too, were in
Koort demand, but prices ranged lower under
heavy receipts and a large carry-over from
the preceding day. Berries were easier. - Rasp
berries arrived too late for the regular trade,
and a large portion of the receipts of Straw
berries were very poor and had to be disposed
of quickly. . Blackberries and Huckleberries
were in amrle supply,' and stood about the
6a me.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 63*i
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 $fl%
Sterling Exchange, cables '. .. 4 571*
New York Exchange, sight 07U
New York Exchange, telegraphic. 10
Silver, per ounce R6T4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45V
¦ Exchange and Bullion.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. G.®
6*4c per lb: White Lead. C@6^c, according u>
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $44g45 for local use and
$42 5tlf?43 50 per flask for export.
SALT— The Amalgamated Salt Company
quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool. $14»1«;
Bales, common. $1 90; Dairy, per ton. $13 25:
Half Ground. *12 25fil2 75; Rock Salt. S1O 5o®
12 25; Imitation Liverpool. $13 25<@14; Granu
lated. $13 25©14 per ton.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining
Company quotes as follows, per lb, In
100-lb bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Fln»»
Crushed. 5.83c; Powdered. 5.70c: Candy Gran
ulated. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, fine, 6.60c: Dry
Granulated, coarse. 5.60c; Fruit Granulated.
S.GOc; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only). — ;
Confectioners' A. 5.60c; Magnolia A. 5.20c; Ex.
tra C, 5.10c; Golden C. 5c: "D," 4.90c; barrels,
10c more,; half, barrels. -25c more; boxes, 50c
COAL OIL — Water "White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases, 20Hc; Astral, 20Hc:
Star. 20Hcr Extra Star. 20^c: Elaine. 26%c:
Eocene. 23»6c; deodorI2ed Stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 17c; In cases. 23V4c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; in cases. 19^c: 86-degree Gasoline, In
bulk 21c: In cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE— 78c per gallon In casea and
72c In drums and Iron barrels.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
! CATTLE— Steers. 8@0c; Cows and heifers,
1 7®«c: thin Cows, 4(35c per lb.
CALVES — I95^c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3^@4c; Ewes, 3@3^c per
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 75(33 per head.^
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6c; under
140 lbs 5V4©5 T /»c: Sows, 20 per cent oft; Boars.
50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Baps. 5<35%c: San Quentin.
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine. »H©
Sc; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%c. 6%c and 7ftc for
the three grades; Brown Jute, «£#7^c.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners 1 Association quotes the following price
list for 1003 stock:
13 55 en <n
i£ enji * **
• FRUITS. -- ¦ w - "g. l V
Ha.'.'
. e 1 ; 1
»o p ts-::::::::::::::: 5 S $ i ITi SSi!?
Blackberries 1 60 1 40 1 30 1 20
Cherries, R. A 2 25 2 00 1 80 1 50
Cherries, white Jg J JO 1 45
Cherries, black 2 10 1 85 1 70 1 45
Grapes 1 35 1 20 1 10 1 00
Yellow Free Peachts 1 60* 1 301 1 16| 1 05
Lemon Cling Peaches... 1 85 1 55f 1 30| 1 2O
Do. sliced 1 76 1 45 1 201 1 10
White Heath Peaches... 1 75 1 45 1 20 1 10
p eaM 100:160 1 40 1 25
Plums 135)115 1 05J 35
Raspberries 2 50 2 25 2 10| 1 90
Strawberries 2 Oo| 1 75 1 60J 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes, 2%-lb
standard. 85c; Green Peas— Baby petits pois.
$1 50; petits pols, $1 35: extra sifted, $1 15;
; standard sifted, $1; standards. 85c; marrow
: fats, S2^c; gallon, sifted, $4 25; gallon stand
ard, $.1 75.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle. $G 50; Bryant, $6 60; Bea
ver Hill f3 5O; Stanford. $7; Roslyn, *7; Coos
Bay, $5 50: Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond $7 50; .Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 Jn sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel, $3 50 per ton;
Coke, $11 50#13 per ton in bulk and $15 In
packs: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
. 200O lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as
1 follows, 60 days or Vt per cent discount for
cash no sales under 10,000 lbs: Manila, 14^c;
Sisal', lie; Duplex, 10c; Bale Rope, ll@ll^c
Pe pACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 4t£e;
cases, regular. 5c; cases, extra large, 5V«c;
Eastern style, tic; boneless, 6c; "Norway,"
tic; "Narrow Gauge," 6%c: "Silver King."
IVio; blocks, "Oriental." 0c; blocks, Seabright.
TWc- tablets, 7c; middles, 7@8 1 4c; boneless, SJS
9c; pickled Cod, bbU, $7 50; pickled Cod. half
bbls. $4 75.
COFFEE — Costa Rica— 12V4@15c for strict
ly prime to fancy washed, liail'c for prime
, washed. 1OV4@1O*4C for good washed. SV^@11M|C
for good to prime washed peaberry, 8V*t}tHic I
! for good to prime peaberry. 8%® 10c for good
to prime, 7(gSc for fair, 4t?G$ic for common
to ordinary- Salvador— 11$ 12c nominal for
8trictly prime washed, 8^!glO%c for good to
prime washed, 7% l gSc for fair washed. 9#
10^4c for fair to prime washed peaberry.
7T4S8^*c for good to prime semi-washed, 7^4t»
Sc for superior unwashed, 7®7%c for good
green unwashed, 79i@Sc for good to superior
unwashed peaberry. 4®6c for Inferior to or
dinary. Nicaragua— 11 V$@13c nominal Tor
prime to fancy washed, 8@10c nominal for
fair to strictly good washed. 6^6*7^0 for good
to.tuperlor unwashed. 7^@8c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican — 13«4@15c nominal for fancy washed.
111313c for prime to strictly prime washed,
9?i(H10^c for strictly good washed. 0©9y>c for
good washvii, 7H<88%c for fair washed. 6ig7^4c
for medium. 4(fj6c for Inferior to ordinary.
SHSlOVbc, for fair to prima unwashed peaberry,
7?4®Sc for good to prime unwashed peaberry,
7® So nominal for good to superior unwashed.
C®7Hc for ash-damaged.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 20®32c; extra
heavy. 3C@40c per lb: medium. 27@2!>c: light.
"4g-2t5c; . Rough Leather, 2tf@2Sc; Harness
Leather, heavy. 35®39c for No. 1 and 30@35c
for No. 2; medium. 30037c; light. 20#.{5c;
Skirting. No. 1. 40@42c: No. 2. 36®38c; Collar
Leather. 15@l£c per foot: Trace Leather, 40#
44c; Kip, unfinished, 40®5Oc per lb; Veal, fin
ished. 50SC0C per lb: Calf, finished. 65c"o*l ptr
lb: Wax sides. 16®17c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14©lf>c: Rough Splits, S-SlOn per lb.
TANBARK— Is weaker. Ground, $20028 per
ton; stick, $15@18 per cord.
OIL— Linseed, 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
In barrels; cases, 5c more; Castor OH, In cases.
No. I, 70c: Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12; Lucol, 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw In barrels; Lard OH.
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut, ' 5B©70c per gallon ; pure Neats
foot. In barrels, 75c: cases, 80c: Sperm, pure.
70c; Whale Oil. natural white. 50@55c per ral
lon; Fish Oil. in. barrels. 45c: cases. 50c; Co
coanut OH, In barrels, 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian.
PRUNES — Spot prunes are quiet, but steady
at prices ranging from 3V 4 c to 7c for all sizes.
APRICOTS — Are firm and continue to attract
a fair Jobbing demand. Choice, 0>4<2i#:c- ex
tra choice. OUjSlOVic. and fancy. il4<Sfi2c.
PEACHES— Are quiet and unchanged. Choice
are quoted at 7V»®8%c; extra choice, 7?i@SVic.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market is
quiet under a light demand and Is weak as to
tone. Common. 4g-5c; prime, 51»©59ic; choice
tt(&0'/ic; fancy, e%&l^c.
COFFEE— Spot, firm; No. 7 Rio. 5V4c; mild,
quiet; Cordova. 7<gllc. The market fpr coffee
futures closed net unchanged to 5 points higher.
Sales. 5250 bag?, including: September, 3.00c;
Octcber, 4c; November. 4.10c; December, 4.3022
4.40c; July, 4.00c. .
SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining, 3%c: cen
trifugal, 06 tent. 3%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
WHEAT — Receipts, 164,073 bushels; exports,
16,000 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 88c ele
vator an'd ££c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
IJuluth. Ulftc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Mani
toba, i)l^,c f. o. b. afloat. The market closed
weak and % l U'V 2 c net lower. May, SS^es'Jc,
closed bS\ic; September, S'^'JfSSe; closed ST^c-
December. *"4<g.SSV»c. closed S7»4c. "
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet
PETROLEUM— Steady.
. NEW YORK, Sept. 8.— FLOUR— Receipts.
47,til7 barrels; exports. «1.176 barrels. Quiet,
but steady. Winter patents, $3 »0@4 SO- win
ter straights, $3 COS'S 00.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 8.— To-day"s Treasury
statement shows: Available cash balances,
$135,2h4,002; gold. $100,738,142.
Condition of the Treasury.
' OREGON.
PORTLAND.- Sept. 1 8— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 7S@79c; Bluestem, 84c;'Valley. Slg82e.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 8.— WHEAT — Unchanged.
Bluestem, fc5c; Club, 82c.' •
Northern Wheat Market.
' Everything under this head remains about
as before quoted. Butter Is firm In solte of
heavy receipts during the past two or three
days. Cheese continues In large supply and
weak. Ebbs are firm, with stocks of fine
ranch cut down low.
Receipts were 78,000 lbs Butter. 1350 cases
Eggs and 20,200 lbs Cheese. •
BUTTER— Creamery. 28V4@29c for extras
and 25jj75c for seconds: dairy, 21@23c; store
Butter, 17%@10c: cold storage, 24025c; East
ern. 23®24c per lb.
•CHEESE: — New, 12@12V»c; Young America,
13@14c; Eastern, 15@16c; Western, 14@15c
j>er lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 34©35c for large white se
lected and 28@33c for fair to choice; store,
22%<S"27c; cold storage, 24g20c; Eastern, 21©
24c uer doren.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SEATTLE. Sept. 8. — Clearings, S783.105:
balances. ? 144, 123.
TACOMA. Sept. 8.— Clearings, I372.0S2;
balances. $38,427.
PORTLAND. Sept. . 8.— Clearings, $932,808;
balances, $172,163. .. ,-^. ~- - . .,>-..
SPOKANE. Sept; 8.— Clearings, $480,540;
balances. $29,556. , ~ -
Northern Business.
To-day bein* Admission day and a legal holi
day, business will be suspended throughout the
fc-tate.
Retail Meat Prices.
The following retail p'icee for meats are
Quoted fcy ti»e Retail Butchers 1 Protective As
sociation:
EEEF — Prime Roast. lofflSc; Porterhouse
Steak, I*£tf24c; Tendtrloin Steak. 15glhc;
blrloin Suak. 1244il5c. Top Round .Steak.
12'ic; Keef Mew. if*: Corned Beef, 8S10c:
toup Bones, 4c: houp Meat. &£10c.
VEAL— Loin Rcast. l.'.^Oc; Shoulder Roast.
3-'. a^l5r; chops end Cutlets, 15Q20c; l?te».
Ii4^il.%c.
ML'TTON— L#p. T2U@:5o: Forequarfr. Bfl
10c; Stew. s>@10c: Prime Chops 12U©lRc
LAllB-Leg, F'ireyuarter. i24Q15c;
Hindquarter. 1^5?2Oc; Shoulder Roast. 10$
124c: Chops, 15$l*c.
FORK— Roast, 124^'.V; Chops. 13218c.
Those pric*-* do not cover the cheaper grades.
• s it ie impoesible to guote regular prices on
th<?m.
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdle, sectirwi
director of the climate and croy service of
the Weather Bureau, is as follows :
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weather during the week was warm and
gf-neraMy clear in all parts of the fctate, with
very little formes? in the coaft districts.
Lifeht rain fell on the northwest coast. Con
ditions uere remarkably Javorable for ripen
ing late fruit and eraixrs and tor rairin mak
»nic and fruit drying. Grape harvest Is is
;)rogregB in nt-arly all sections and most re
l'orts Indicate that the crop will.. b«r fully up
to everaKe and of excellent quality. Raisin
making ha» commenced la the San Joaquin
Valley and wine making Is under way in
Fonoma County. Tokay trapes have colored
well and lar«e Fhiprr.ente are t*-ing made.
Heavy t hipments of fresh and dried tleclduous
iruus continue. 1'rvines are rei>crted excel
lent In quality, but the yield Is light In some
*.<?ctionF. Apples are yielding a good crop la
the northern districts, but are a little under
•*xp*ctations in the south, though of superior
quality. A good crop of aJmonds has been
taihtred. Walnuts have commenced to ripen
m Southern California; the yield will be light,
i'ltrus fruits are in excellent condition and
«,:•¦«.- indications of a larjre yield.
Hi j- ;. Irking is comrleted In the northern
districts ar.d prcfrressing rapidly In the south;
the croi) 1* reported about average in all se^
ti'jnn and tbe hot* are of \-ery it ¦ >¦! quality.
SuKar beet hardest continues aud a heavy
crop is rej>on«-d in some uectiuns. Grain
thrashing and hay baling are practically com
pleted. Beans tnd corn are looking well.
Sacramento Valley. — Warm, clear weather
prevailed most ttf the week, and conditions
were \ery favorable for fruit drying and the
• ¦c-loring and rij-ening of grape*. Dried de
ciduous fruits and almonds are t-c:r.»r takea
from the trays, tacked and shipped Jn large
quantities, and shi:>r5ents of rresh fruits and
grapes continue. Graj.-e picking is i.rogrees
ins rapidly and there is a heavy yield in ra-jst
plur-es. Prunes are looking weH en-J a large
crop 1* probable. AH \arletle« of deciduous
fruits are excellent in quality. Citrus fruits
continue In food condition. Hop picking Is
completed and baling is In progress; the hop*
arc of excellent quality and the yield about
avt-rtLpe. Dry feed it- abundant and ftoek
ie (Scinj well.
Coa5t and Bay faction*. — The weather was
warm and clear durir.c the »-«k, with very
little fee and ilfi-fct winds, conditions extreme
ly favorable for th^ rlp^nint of late fruits
and erarw-s and for fruit drying. The prune
crop la some actions Is lighter than ex
pertM, hut the fruit It of *ood njr.e and ex
cellent quality; picking and drying are pro
gressing r»r>idly. The apple crop Is reported
rood, ljartiett p»*rs are nearly a21 marketed-
Orape picking is In progress atifi a heavy
yield of exwllent Quality is reporteil. Wine
making hat comir.encfd in Bbnoma County.
Heavy shipment* of T«>kay fTa.p*-» are being
made from Vacavllle. Hop picking end baling
*r* proc«BSir.g; the yield is reported heavy
is some sections and the hope are taid to be
of unusually good quality. Sugar beet har
vest continues.
. Smi „'<=.:..-. Valley. — Clear, warm weather
prevailed during th# fore part of the »-e^k
and cltar. cool weather during the last few
da>'E. These conditions vre very favorable
for harvesting and drying the fruit crop.
Peaches <"«ntlnu« to be shipped to the can
neries. Prune picking has comnier-.ced ; the
<-rop Is light, but of excellent quality. Larjre
Fhlrments of melons continue. Tbe fourth
crop of «lfa.!fa H«b been cut. The hey crop
is tenerally lighter than last year, but of
better quality. Larce quantities cf table
Kraj*« are being marketed. Ra!«ln making
' ix prosressinj, but will \ not be general for
another week. Fheep (shearing has commenced.
Stock is health}*, but pasturage is getting
ecarce.
. »«outh*^n Caiifomla. — TTi# -m-eather wu *ren
eraJIy clear and warm durtne the week, with
frpcy r.'.ghts in the coast districts. Grape
picking is progressing rapidly and raisin mak
ing" will bejrtn soon. All varieties of grapes
are reported excellent !n quality and the yield
is larjre In most places. The mountain apple
crop Is lighter than exr»erted. but th- fruit In
of good quality. Fruit <Jr>lne Is In progress:
the vleid and quality «i» reported (cenerally
Fatiefactory. Citrus fruits are lc>okinjt well.
Walnut* are rip*r.!r.g; the crop will be Ucht.
Pucsr bevt han-eft it prorresulng. Irrigating
water Is becoming scarce in eome daces.
Los Angele* Eummarj 1 . — Some damage to
drying fruit by the rain of last week. Rome
Oryen have finished peaches and are r.ow work
ing r>ears: late peaches fine. JJarge sugar
be*t han-wt In full orwratlon.
Eureka fiumrnary-— Weather ireaerally favor
able for farm work. Thrashing and baling
nearly completed. Grain and peas turning
out moderately well. Some blight In potato
**.it. Apple* will y^ld a very large crop.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, September S— 5 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD. ¦ '
g b a 2 2 5
STATIONS. J £| ?3 ? I
I f : M f J
Ra~kor .".0.24 T.S 42 NW Cjear .08
• arson 29 .M 74 Hi N Clear .00
Hureka 30. OS CO r.2 I* Clear .«Q
fYesno 29.M f'2 5S NW Clear .Ct
Flagctaff 23. SO 72 54 SW Cloudy .00
Independence .29. K2 »«ti 5«5 SE Clear .«0
Los An«ele s ..2».s2 f>0 .'»4 W C-.ear . .00
Ml. Tamaljiais.29.»4 S2 . 55 NW Cl'ar .00
North Head ... 64 f..
Phoenix 2».7« 80 78 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello ...... *iO.f« 58 44 sWXlear .00
rortland 30. 2« 70 4S NE «'lear .0*
Point Re^-es ..C3.«9 72 50 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff St.RG JX) *» I* Clear .O0
Kooeburs- 30.20 -s 4» N Detr .00
Pacrameato ..2».M hH at NW Clear -00
Halt Lake 30.02 «:4 44 N Cloudy .00
£an Francisco. 29. SS H2 WJ W Clear .00
S. L. Oblepo..23.R(J «0 58 W Clear .00
J-an Dieso 29.84 R4 04 FE Clear -.00
Seattle 30.2-S C«5 50 N Pt.Cldy .09
Hr-okane :«0.12 «M 44 XW Pt.Cldy .06
T«too»h 3O.:W M S2 S Cloudy .CO
"Walla WaJla. .SO. IS 70 52 STV Clear .02
V. ir.^rr.ucca .:{0.I0 «8 42 NW Clear .00
Yum* £>.7ti Mi bJ BE, Clear .00
BOSTON. Sej>t. 8— The wool market here has
been quiet this week for large lots, but the
small parcels make a fair movement. Prices
are very firm, so much so that the mills hesi
tate to operate, believing that lower prices
must prevail before long, and as a result there
Is no speculative buying in the market.
Quotations: Territory, Idaho fine, 14@15c;
fine medium. 164 ( fflV4c; medium, 18@l0c:
Wyoming fine, 14'@15c; fine medium, 1<J4@
l"4c; medium. 184*19c; Utah and Nevada
fine, 15{flGc; fine medium. 17@>17 1^c;. medium.
lP-JfSOc; Montana fine, choice. 21<322c; fine, 21
@22c; fine medium, choice, 20@21c; medium,
choice, 21@22c. . ..
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. S.— Unusual dullness,
even for this period of the year, characterized
to-day'e stock market. Elements of interest
were entirely lacking and the volume of busi
ness was disappointingly email in view of the
triple holiday and th<? apparent Intention of
the Secretary of the Treasury to relieve any
strain en tee . movement of currency. Last
week's buying of Atchison shares was resumed
and F<jm<? activity was shown by Canadian
Pacific, Southern Paclnc, ltock Island and
Wabash preferred. The early afternoon
brought movement in several of the ipecial
ties. North American advancing 2%. Colorado
Fuel 2*i and Consolidated Gas X%. No sig
nificance attached to the advance in these
shart-p. Pome of the early selling of Amalga
mated Copier was tractd to houses with Bos
ton connections. ; The fitnek closed at the low
est figure of the day. in spite of an advance
in the price of metal at home and abroad. In
the final hour thtre was some thort selling of
such stocks as St. Paul. Atchison, Rock
Island, the Western group generally and Brook- ,
lyn Rapid Transit. Induced in part' by reports i
of labor troubles en the Lehfgh Valley. The i
market clcsed dull and heavy.
Some excellent railway earnings were re
ported, notably Pt. Paul, which showed a net
Increase for July of over $2CO.00O. New York
Central. Norfolk and Western and Mexican
Central, Texa« and Pacific and some of the
xniTior stocks filso showed materisLl f ains in
grcss earnings. The feature of the foreign
exchange market was the appearance for tne
: Orst time this year of bills covering shares ol
fpot cotton. These did not appear, however,
in quantities sufficient to weaken the ex
clftinee. -which held firm. But the very fact
that fuch bills were released was taken to
murk the beginning of a larger export move
ment for that fta&le. Exchange brokers for
weeks l^ave been looking forward to the Inau
guration of this movement as affording the
best basis for depressing the sterling market
to a level where geld could be used as a form
of remittance. Locally the monetary situa
tion was unchanged. Additional gold Imports
!rom Australia were reported and further pay
ment? for account of gold dn>oslte<i at tian
Francisco were made by the gub-Treasury«
The bond market was rather quiet and
ebowed some irregularity in the 'early deal
ings. Total sales, $1.2t'.o,0W.
United States 4s advanced \i per cent and
the •'.« ri per cent on the laet call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchisoa itt.OW CM, OJU 6«Hi
Atchison pfd 4.70>> 02^ 91^ 01V«j
Baltimore & Ohio.. o.4U> M^ b^ij, ga
Bait & Ohio pfd 1,200 87V» *>7 80V4
Canadian Pacific... 1.4OO 124tg 124i« 124'
Cen of New Jersey ltJO
Chesapeake & Ohio. COO :u\ t 33% 33V6
Chicago & Alton... 100 23 1» 22'
Chi & Alton pfd «3U
Chi Great Western COO 17 17 le^
Chi Gt W li pfd 30
Chicago ,& N W 100 165 105 1C4
Chi Term *c Trans. 1CW llT-^ 10*4 10%
Chicago T & T pfd. 200 21 %. 21% 21',-i
C. C, C & St Louis 1U0 74 74 73 I
Colorado Southern. 400 H^i 14',; 14», j
Colo South let pfd. 400 KI4 53 Vi 63V4 I
Colo South 2d pfd. 100 22\ 22»i 23 1 ,
DeJtwkre &. Dudson "»0<i Id 1C4 1C3
Dela. Lack te West 235
Denver & Rio G 24»,i
Den & R G pfd 77
Krie 12,800 30fc 29«» 2»%
Erie 1st pfd fcOo 67% «7V» t)7%
Erie 2d pfd 300 52 52 51Vi
Great North pfd 1C5
Hrx-klng Valley 09
Hocklr.g Val pfd 78
Illinois Central 1,700 134 133% l:«v;
Iowa Central 1U%
Iowa Central pfd 37
K C Southern 100 22«4 22Vj 22ft
K C Southern pfd.. 100 30^ 39% 39
Louis & Narh 2.7i>0 IO6}4 105^ 1054
Manhattan L 100 133Vi 1^5^ 134^
Metropolitan St Ry 300 1134 112}» 1124
Minn & St Louis &G I
Missouri Pacific... 5,400 94%i 93% 03?4
Mis. ICans & Tex 19s- |
M. K & T pfd 100 41 43 41U|
Ntl li R of Mex pfd 300 42 41% 41%
New Ycrk-Central.. 8fK> 12.I 122V* 122W
Norfolk & Western. 300 63 7 /4 63 60«i
Nor & Weet pfd... 100 8S4 8S>4 &>* I
Ontario & Western. 2<)0 2:<Vi 23V« 23U ]
Pennsylvania S.WiO 125 124 4 124 V
P. C. C & St L 100 <» «5 C4^ 1
R»adir.|f 12.900 64 T» 53T4 M»i
Reading list pfd 78V4
Reading 2d pfd C3 |
Rock Island Co C8.300 30 2S% 2H%
Rock Island Co pfd 300 t84* 65% <J54
Ft L & S F in pfd .... W>
Ft L & S F 2d pfd. , 100 M)»4 50% 504"
St Louis S W 400 I84 16Vi ¦" 16V 4
fit I^ouib S W pfd. 1.300 36»i 35^ 38
St Paul 16.200 143% 142% H2«j
Kt Paul pfd 172
Southern Fceiflc... 4,600 464 454 -45U
Southern Railyway. 4,600 a"iV t 22T* 224
Southern Ity pfd.. 400 fi4\ 844 8*4
T«as & Pacific 700 27% " 274 *27U
T. Bt L & W 100 22?i 22% ' 21^4
T. Pt L & W pfd \. .... 2S
l-'nion Paciflc 15,400 7C% 75^4 73%
Cnion Paciflc pfd.. 40O RS»i S64 8«4
Wp.barh 100 214 214 22-
WabaFh pti 400 55% 35 ii - 35 W
Whwllns & L, E.. 100 IS 18 184
Wisconsin C«ntrsl. 4<")0 ]fli^ 19 jjj
Wisconsin Cent -pfd 400 40%' 40% 394
Express Companies — '-..;
Adams .... 223
American igo
l'nlt»d Stales 100 104 104 103
Wf-lls Fargo 210
Miscellaneous —
Amal • Copper .... g.RflO 43 48 47%
Amrr Car & F... 200 324 32 3214
Amer C & F pfd.. 500 83 S3 82
Amrr Lin Oil jq
Am?r Lin Oil pfd 33,.
Amer Loco 100 19 19 is*:
Amer Loco pfd — COO S34 854 85
Amer Pmeit & Ref ftOO 4»4 * 434 43U
Amer R & nef pfd. 500 90% JMHi 83%
Amer Sugar Ref .. 200 115T» 1154 1144
Anaconda MIn Co 80
Brooklvn Hap Tran 2.600 4514 ' 4354 4rj«
Colo Fuel & Iron. 300 434 42?4 4lfi
Columbus & H Coal .' »uhl
Consolidated Gas... 900 1734 173 1724
General Electric .. 100 162", 1624 1(J2
Inter Paper w . i.^
Inter Pap<-r pfd 67
Inter Pump 100 36 38 35U
Inter Pump pfd 70
National Biscuit 3sa£
National Lead « 15
North American .. 600 78 76»j 77%
New York Stock Market.
Two cars of Western Poultry were marketed
since Saturday and sold off well at steady
prices. The demand for the past few days
was steady, and both local and Western stock
cleaned up quickly, the market 'having -pre
viously been bare. The demand for laree
young fowl was particularly brisk, and occa
sional-lots of extra fine ' young '. stock com
mandtd a premium over the quotations. Geese,
Ducks and Roosters were quoted higher.
Young Turkeys were offering freely and found
quick sales at high* prices. A third car of
Western Poultry will be marketed this mom
ing. Game in good condition sold promptly at
previous prices, but a large portion of the of
ferings were In bad order, owning to the
warm,- close weather, and had to be dumped.
POULTRY— Young ¦ Turkeys. 20£22c per lb;
Geese, per . pair. $150; Goslings, $1 30@2;
Ducks. *3 50&4 &0 per dozen for old and $4@5
for young; Hens, ¦ $4 50@5 50; young ¦ Roost
fTB, $4 60@6; old Roosters, $4 5Og5; Fryers.
$3 tiO@4 60; Broilers, $3©3 CO for large and
$2 604/3 for small: Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen
for old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits, $1 25@1 76 per dozen;
Hare, $1©1 25; Wild Doves. 75@S5c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Trading was light on the Stock and Bond
Exchange and quotations showed no change
worthy of note. The other exchanges werm not
In session. To-day all will be closed.
The Imperial Oil Company paid a monthly
dividend of 20 cents per share, amounting to
J2O.00O. and the Thirty-Three Oil Company a,
dividend of 10 cents per share, amounting to
$10,00V.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
TUESDAY, Sept. 8 — 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bli Ask. ( Bid. Ask.
(sqreoup... — — <• qr c (new) — —
Is qr reg — — I >» qr coup. ..107 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONT»3.
Ala A "W 3s. — — O T Co «a.. — 122*4
Bay CPC Ss>. — — Do Ss .... — • —
Cal C G ft. - 103 Do con 0s. — —
Cal G & E «r Oceanic S 5s. — —
m A Ct 5s. — — jOm C R 6s. — —
Cal-st 6 S ... — — iPac G Im4s. — —
C C Wat fls. — 101 P E Ry 6».110 110%
Ed L&P 6s.. — — P A C H «s. — —
F&CHes. — — P&ORtts. — —
Geary-st in.. — — Powell-st t!s. — —
II C & S5%« — — S E GAR 3a. — —
H C & S 6s. 90 09% 5F & SJVAs.120 120',;
Hon R T 6s. — — ' 3 R of C 6». — —
L A Elec os. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.. — — (1909) .... — —
L A L Co 6s. — — (ISO) .... — — '
Do ltd Bs. — — B P of C to
Do gtd 6s. — — (1906)Sr A.104 —
LAP lem 6s. — — U905)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C Gs. — 122% A1006) ....107%I07S
Do lem 05.115% — 11912) — —
NRRof C «s. — — 6 P C leg Cs. — 119^4
N'RCof C 5s. — 119% Do stmpd.108 109
N P C R Sa.107%109 B P B R (is. — —
N C R Bs.. — — 8 V Wat 68.108% —
N C P C 6s. — — Do 4s 2dm. 09*4100
N S R 5s...- — — Do 4a 3dm. 88?i —
O G L H 5*. — — Stkn G&E 6s — 101
O W C g 6s. — — U G &. E 5s. — —
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — — [Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co ... — — ' JSprtng Val.. 83% —
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. 4% 6%. Pac E O ft P. — —
Eqult Gas... — — S F G & B. 67% <•
Mutual EL.— 14 S F Gas .... — —
Pac O Imp. — 66 Stock G & B — — .
Pao Lighting 56 — U G & E — «•
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
B T G & E. 67*4 69
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Pnd. — — /
i BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk. — — ,L P & A — —
Anglo-Cal .. 90 100 |Mer Tniat...2oa 24*
Bank of Cal.S32 — Merch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — B F National — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.. — — ;Sav & L So. 93 100
Hum SAL.' — — '£«! Sav Bk. — —
Mutual Sav.. — — I Union T Co. — —
8 F Sav U. — 700 )
STREET RAUJtOADS.
rallfornta ... — — IPresldlo .... — 43
POWDER.
Giant 64% 65 (Vlgorlt » —
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — — Kllauea S C — —
Hawaiian C. 43% 46 Makawell C. 22% 24
Honokaa S C 13 14 Onomea S C. SO —
Hutch S P C 13 14 Paauhau S C 16 18£
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packl49% — i Oceanic S Co — —
Cal Fruit As. — — Pac A F A.. — —
Cal Wln» As. 97 98 |Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
J Board —
10 Giant Powder Con 63 00
25 Paauhau S P Co 16 23
5 Pacific Coast Borax 167 O>
S1.000 S V 4s l2il mtge) 99 75
$5,000 S V 6s 108 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Asan 130 00
3 Giant Powder Con 65 O>
50 Vlgorlt Powder 8 23
$3,000 Maxket-st R R Con 5s. .^ 113 23
$2,000 Paclnc Electric Ry 6s 109 73
$10,000 Paclnc Electric Ry 5s..... 110 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Afternoon Session.
ICO Home Oil. s 90 87%
100 Home Oil. s 60 (.. SH,
100 Home Oil 87^
4 Hanford 134 00
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6®7c for Steers and 5®6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6%©8%c; small. 9@10c per
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%®8%c; Ewes, 7@3c
per lb.
LAMB— CgiOc per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 8VJi£9hc P" lb -
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
There Is not much change to report in any
thing. Mutton is weak, , as supplies are liberal
and the Eastern markets are lower.- which
causes more or less movement of supplies
toward this market. Beef and Pork remain as
before quoted.
DRESSED MEATS.
v Meat Market.
- CHICAGO.- \ ¦
CHICAGO, Sept. 8.— CATTLE— Receipts,
50(0. including 500 Western; slow;- good to
jirirr.e Here*, $5 40@« 05: poor to medium, $ig>
6 25: rtorkers and feedprs, $2 50@4 15 r cows.
*1 MiU 4ft; helfem. ?2if4 75: canners, $1 50®
2 r»: hull»; t 4 2fH r.irr ralves. $3"50®6 75; Texas
fe.1 »tecri>. $3 25t'4 CO; Western steers, ' $3 25
O* «•».
II«VJjt — rt»celpts to-day, 13.000; tormorrow,
EMW; c>r*n*d steady to etrong; closed 5@10c
l«%»r: r»i«\rd nnd butchers', $5 C0g(8 15; good
¦> *fct»Sr* heavy. $."> fi5«0 05; ' rough ' heavy,
.ft : |i R ht, *5 <Jtg6 20; bulk of sales,
11 >»;,<» *i». . . , .
flllCKI*— Receipts. 25.000; sheep and Iambs.
>trii|> to luc-' lower; pood to choice wethers.
*"» 25fi3 7ri: fair to choice mixed. $2 25@3;
Wettirn «heep. $2 75JJ3 M; native lambs, $3 75
©5 IS; Western lambs. $3 75®5 25.
ST. JOSEPH.
BT. JOSEPH. Mo.. Fept. 8. — CATTLE^ — Re
relpt«, 3300; steady to 10c higher: natives, $4®
5 75; cows ajul h?!fer!«. $1 75g5 15; stockers
and feeders, $2 5C@4 40.
HOGS— Receipts, S375; steady to 5c lower:
light. $5 751*5 S5; medium and heavy, $3 35
G* 80.
SHEEP — Receipts, 77S3; steady; top native
lambs. $5 40® 5 45; top Utah wethers, $3 56.
Eastern Livestock Market.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL ;
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rffldly over the
northern halT of the Pacific Slot* and con
ditions are favorable for warmer weather
Wednesday over the greater portion of Cali
fornia. Alcne the coast from San Francisco
pouthwanl there has b«*-"n a rise of h degrt-^s
or more Jn temiierature.
Thun.ier-ftorms are reported at Phoenix nni
El l>.so. K
Conditions are favorable for thunder-storms
In the valley of the Colorado ar.d In th<»
Sifrras Wednesday afternoon.
Forecast made at Francisco f'.r thirty
hours ending midnight, September 1«:
Northern California — Fair WednefJay. con
tinued warm weather: fresh nortn winds in
the interior; brisk westerly win-is on the
coast. .1 •<
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday,
continual warm; lijrht westerly wind.
NtHiia — Fair Wedn^*«1ay; warmer.
Fan Francisco nnd vicinity — Fair Wednes
day, continued warm; light northeast winds,
changing to westerly. A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
To-Day a Holiday.
Iron closed at 51s 6d In Glasgow and 47s 6d
In Middleshoro. Locally iron was unchanged
i^and more or less nominal. *N6V 1 Northern
| foundry. $17^17*50: No. 2 foundry. Northern.
$16 50®17: No. 1 foundry. . Southern.- and do
soft, $10 5C@1G 75." ...
Lead was 2s Cd higher at £11 6s 3d at. Lon
don, but the local price was unchanged at
$4 35. i . v . .
Spelter advanced ¦ 2s 6d In London but're
mained unchanged at $0 In New York,. - .
NEW. YORK. Sept. 8.— Spot tin declined 15s
to £122 12a Cd In London and futures lost 17s
Cd, closing at £121 5s. Locally tin wan with
out Important change, closing at f 27 25;' Spot
copper was unchanged at £58. 2s 6d in Lon
don as compared with last Friday but the
futures were -3s 9d higher at- £57 10s.- Lo
cally copper was unchanged. Lake; Is quoted
at $13 75<gi3 87% electrolytic at $13 62%fl>
13 75. and casting' at $13 37%@13 60. . .- ¦
N l ew York Metal Market.
Wool Is still nominal, as the market is tied
up by the strike, and nobody la doing any
thing. .
Hides show no change from last week. The
market Is featureless.
Hops rule firm, but the market Is quiet,
everybody being occupied In picking.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, O&c; medium, 8%c; light, 8c; Cow
Hides, ' 8c for heavy and 8c for light;
Stags, 6c; Ealted Kip. S%c; Salted Veal. 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides. 15@15%c: dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. .17c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25W
SOo each; short wool, 40{?50c each; medium, 70
@90c; long wool. $1@1 50 each: Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium.
$1 25@1 75 for small and 50c ror Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium, $li!i 1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted
Mexican, 26c:, dry Central American, 32V£c.
Goat Skino — Prime Anzoras. 75c; large and
smooth 50c; medium. 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%@>l%c per lb:
No. 2. 4@4>4c: grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaqutn Lambs', 9ft
12c; Foothill. ' 10©12c: Middle County, ll®13c.
Quotations for spring clip are- as follows:
Humboldt and Mendocino, 18»20c; Nevada. 13
(fT15c: Valley Oregon, fine. IS^IOc; do. medium,
17iffl8c; do. coarse. ICiQI'c per lb.
HOPS— 22@23c per lb for both 1902 and 1003.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tab
lets—Half barrels. 6.10c; boxes. 8.35c p«r 1*.
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
rels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine ordinary sties. $18®19: ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood. 51CMT23: Lath. 4
feet. $3 75: Pickets. $22®2S; Shingles. 12 33 for
No 1 and $1 75 for No. 2; Shakes. *14 for split
and $15 for sawn; Rustic. $40042.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 8.
Flour, qr ska... 32.612) Hops, bales .... 62
Wheat, ctls 6,640 Keed. bales «7
Oats, ctls 7.040| Shorts, sks 250
Barley, ctl« ....16.613, Tallow, ctlj .... 2M
Corn, ctls 1.345:Pelts. No BA5
Beans, sks 536>Hldea, No \,W>
Potatoes, sks ... 6.755; Quicksilver, flaka 65
Onions, sks 2.810i\Vine. gals B1.2W
Wool, bales .... 226 Brandy, gala .... 3.790
Bran, sks 980 Leather, rolls . . 40
Middlings. ¦ sks... 127 Chicory. bbU ... 60
Hay, tons 2.22C Paper, reams ... 833
Straw, tons .... 5 Lime, bbls 933
Screenings, ska.. 363
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 8.738|Short», sks 4,123
Bran, ik* 5.12(JWooI. bole* .... 19
WASHINGTON.
Bran, sks 1.700/Screenlnga. ska.. 1.243
EASTERN.
i Corn, ctls 1.00*/
American Sugar. . 115 -i i'arrot 20
Am Sugar pfd 11> ijuincy 87%
Am Te! & Tel...l3'JH Fe Copper. l',i
Dorn Iron & Stee). 13 .Vaiparack SO
General Electric. KS1 ITrlnlty 7M
Mass Electric 21%iCnlted States 1«K
Mass Elec pfd... 79 V& 'Utah 27Vi
ITnitfd Fruit 08 'Victoria 13*i
V S Steel 22 IWinona S^i
D S Steel pfd 70% [Wolverine 71
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money. 80 9-10 IN Y Central.. . ..126Vi
Cons for acct. .89 11-ltJ'Norfolk & West.. 05'
Anaconda 4V4!Nor & West pfd.. 91
Atchison (ftlVOntario & West.. 24U
Atchison pfd 94%|Pennsylvan!a .... 64%
Bait & Ohio S5%MRand Mines 10'
Canadian Pacific. 12-8 Reading 28U
Chrs & Ohio 34% Reading 1st pfd.. 40V-
Chgo d Western. 17^ Reading 2d pfd.. 35%
Chgo, M & St P.147Vj|Houthern Ry 23^
I>e Beers 20% Southern Ry pfd.. St>%
Denver & Rio Gr. 20%iFouthern Pacific. 47%
I) & R G pfd.... 81 Union Pacific 78%
Erie 31 U Union Pacific pfd. 89
Krie 1st pfd «*u, O S Steel... 24%
Erie 2d pfd C4 US 8teel pfd 73%
Illinois Central... 137^i Wabash 22^a
Loulsvl & Nash.. 110 Wabash pfd 36
Mo. Kans & Tfx. 2o«-i
Bar silver, quiet. COVjd per ounce. - Money,
%&U per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills is 39iW3% per
cent, and for three months' bills 3'i'aJ 9-16
per cent.
Total sharex sold.2S4,500
• NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s re*.. .108% L. & N. unif 4s... 98%
Do 2s coup 1C0 (Mexican Cen 4s... 73-
Do 3a re* 108 LMex Cen let inc. 1*1%
Do 3s, coup ..108 .Man con gld m 4s.l01%
Do r.ew 4s reg.125 Minn '&' St L 4s. 05%
Do r.ew 4s coup.125 iMo, K & T 4s... 08
Do old 4s rep.. 109 Do 2ds 78
Do old 4a coup.. 110- N Y Cen gen 3%s «6%
Do Cs reg ....HUU|N J Cen jren 5s.. 128
Do r* coup lOlWJKo Pacific 4s ...'.100%
Atchlson gen 4s.. M%\ Do 3s- .......:. '70* 8
Do adj 4s iK> N & West con 4s. 97
!^lt & Ohio 4s..lOO«.fc Penn conv 3%s... 01
Do 3>6s P2Vi Reading gen 4s.. l>5Vi
Do conv 4s 80 Rock Island 4b..... 73Va
< anada So 2ds...lO4«4T-tL & I m con 5s.Hl
On of Ga 5s 1(H% KtL & S F 4s ... 02
Do 1st inc 74J. 4 |:5t Louis SW lsts. P5
• hes & Ohio 4^28.102% Do 2ds , 72
• hi & Alton 3ijs. 7J'4'Pan A & A P 48.. 77
• . B & Q new 4s. K,V ; ° Pacific 4s .... 8«V4
<M&St P Ken 4s.l04 IPo Railway 5s... .113%
< hl.U I & Pac 4S.100 [Texas & P lsts.. 114%
•• & NW cons Ts.l30T*!Tol. StL & W' 4s. 72'
I CO& StL gen 4s. 05% H'nl6n Pacific 4s. »fi%
« hlcago Ter 4s.. 73 10 S Steel pfd ... 78%
<"olo & So 4s ... 83% I Do conv 4s 05
Colo K & I 77'* Wabash lsU 114%
i'on Tob 4s 57^4 Do 2ds 105
Denver *• R G 4s. Ofl Wahaj-h Deb B.. CO
Krie rrior lien 4s. JK5% West Shore 4S....109H
¦ r.rl" gtn 4s S3 Wheel & L.E ... 88
Ft.W & D C 1st. 102 Wisconsin Cen 4s. 90%
Hocking Val 4 4^.105
lNITT-:n RAILROADS OF, SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, S*;'t. h — Bond transactions irt
Tnitwl P^illroartit of fi«n Francisco: 10,000 at
$7» 37^: :v,nu at t'i'J 25.
NEW TOOK MINlNfJ STOCKS.
Artnr-.a Con !«> j Uttl* Chief .... 07
Alir* 17 {Ontario ....4 75
I!r«T* IS fthlr I ««»
Hrun**r|rH «Vn.. 0.1 I'h.mli fs
«*cm. Tjr.n^l . . l>T<,'ril»t 29
•*•«'.* »~ | oj lUt»> J... IT
Hern *.»»*_ • «O l«krrta S*X •¦<»
Iron Pttwt . '*«4i! II |«« ti
L^advllt* C.-a . . r» . -~-< 3 \}
ttOrtOH ?Tix'KJ" A>»i <K *-
Mcnt-jr — UrftircV** • *».
rail Kara 4 til Mtatr.c—
Tim* Kacs ?>',«««/* iwntur* 5 1 ,
l: :. -. - — AllJUr* R'. %
Atchlaun 4« V'\ An«!»tn-jilrd ... ««',
Mexican Cent 4». 7S J>»lr Wnt 42
Ilallruads — |!irch«m' CSV,
.\!-:.:- :. 4lfi<; i ... .- -i A 11* .«!;¦¦
Atchison pfd Dlta •'< < nt« > nnlal 1»4
Ik.eton & Albany. C<> I'jpp-r Itanse.... Ki'\
Bot-tcn & Maine.. 1»;74 Duminton Coal... 7l»t 4
Boston Elevat.il.. 137 ¦ Kranklln R« a
N Y. N H & H..ll»«H Isle Hoyale 7
Union Pacific ... 754 Mohawk 42
Mexican Ctnirsl.. 13>-t Old Dominion. ... 0
Miscellaneous — ;Osceola B3Vi
NEW^YORK. Sept. 8.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday. September. 6," as compiled by
the JCejv York Produce Exchange, Is as fol
lows: Wheat 13.350.000 . bushels; increase,
147.000 • bushels. Corn,' 0.347,000 bushels; in
crease 650,000 bughels. Oats,. 7,446,000 bush
els; increase, 160,000 bushels. Rye, 648,000
bushels j Increase. 80,000 bushels. Barley 1,
130,000 "bushels; increase. 450,000 bushels.'
Visible Grain Supply.
Nothing going on in local Stocks and Bonds.
Wall-street Stocks not materially changed. f
Local Silver and Exchange rates as before.
Wheat and Wheat Freights as before quoted.
Barley steady, in spite of large receipts.
Oats, Corn and Rye in sufficient supply and unchanged.
Millstnifs and Feedstuff s moving off fairly.
Hay prices maintained, zvith large arrivals.
Davxagc to Eastern Bean crop confirmed.
Butter and Eggs firm. Cheese plentiful and vecak.
All kinds of Dried Fruits in good demand and firm.
Lard marked up y 2 c. Other Provisions unchanged. '
Beef and Pork steady. Mutton weakening.
Wool still tied up by the strike.
Hides and Tallow as before quoted. Hops firm.
Some changes in Tanbark.
Potatoes very plentiful. Onions and Vegetables quid
Poultry cleaning up well. Game coming in tainted.
Fresh Fruit market well supplied zvith seasonal kinds.
An advance of %c In pure Lard is reported.
Otherwise there is no change to report. The
demand for barreled goods Is fair.
CURED MEATS— Baccn. 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light.
lO^c for extra light. 17%c for sugar-cured and
l*j%c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hama. 15%c; California .Hama. 15%c:
Mess Beef. $11 50^12 per bbl; extra Mess $12
©12 50: Family $13.50; prime Mess Pork. $1»;
extra clear. $25; Mess. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
I 2 *? ' * Ki B Por *- $2*: Pisa' Feet, $5 25;
Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces qucted at "«ic per lb for
compound and 10%@10%c for pure; half bar
rels, pure. n@llV*c; 10-lb tins. ll*i@ll%c;
5-lb tins. ll%c; 3-lb tins, llfcc.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 0%c; three
half barrels. OVjc; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
OVic; live tierces. Oftc per lb.
Provisions.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening 6 6\'* 6 6% G G%
Closing 6 6tf 6 6% .6 6%
PARIS.
Wheat — Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 30 20 60
Closing 20 45 . 20 70
Flour —
Opening / 28 60 27 55
Closing .*. 28 80 27 75
"Pacific Mall 400 2214 22 22*4
People's Gas -200 04 ' 93% 93»i
Pressed Steel Car. ICO 41% 41% 41U
• Pressed Steel C pfd 80Vfc
Pullman Pal Car 218
Republic Steel .... 200 11% 11" 11 H
Republic Steel pfd 66V4
Rubber Goods 200 ,19 , 19 18^a
Rubber Goods pfd ' .... 70
Tenn Coal & Iron. 2,800 4234 41% 41 M
V S Leather pfd.. C00 82«-V 82>A R2>4
U S Rubber . .... 12%
.17 S Rubber pfd .... 42
U S Steel 10. GOO 23% 23 23
U S Steel pfd 7.800 71% 70%" 70ft
Western Union .. COO 83V* 83V4 83
' ONIONS — 50@65c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. $1@1 50 per
sack; crates from Alamort a, $1 23@1 75; from
Berkeley. 75c®$l; Green Peas, 2#3c per lb;
String Beans. 2%c per lb; Wax, 2Va@3c; Lima
Beans. Tocigjl 25 per eack; Tomatoes, 35@C0c
per box for river and 5C@75c for bay; Sum
mer Squash. 30@40b per box; Cabbage, 7&g*5c
per ctl; Cairots. 75c <>er sack; Cucumbers. 259
40c per box; Pickle Cucumbers 3<£3%c for No.
1 and l@2t£c per lb for others; Garlic. 2@3c
per lb; Green Peppers. 25® 40c. per box or sack:
Green Okra, 3OQ6Oc per box; Egg Plant. 40®
50c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $luftl2 per
ton. <.
. Receipts of river Potatoes were heavy over
Sunday and Monday and aa the demand was
light the marktp was easy at unchanged
rates. ' Salinas Burbanks were also plentiful
and only strictly fancy offerings commanded
the top quotation. Sweets were easier. A
straight car load of the Merced - variety came
in 'and sold at $185 per cental, a decline.
Onions moved freely at steady rates.
Ther* were not many changes In vegetables'.
Receipts of Tomatoes were light, but ample,
the demand being moderate. The cannera were
offering 30c per box for poor stock from across
the bay and secured a fair quantity. Green
Corn continued to sell, well and Wax and
String Beans were in fair request at steady
figures. Lima Beans were abundant and dull,
except for strictly fancy, stock.. Most of the
receipts could be bought at .tha minimum
quotation. Okra was easier under increased re
ceipts. The other, vegetables met with a fair
demand at the previously quoted ratee.
POTATOES— BurbankB from the river, 60c@
$1 per ctl, with some fancy higher; Salinas
Burbanks, $1@1 50 per ctl; Early Rose, nom
inal; Sweet Potatoes. $1 75@1 85 per, ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 7O"S1 80; Canary,
595'ii! for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal ; Rape,
1%®2%c; Timothy. Offttttc; Hemp, 3%@3V4c
per lb; Millet, 3@3&c; Broom Corn Seed. $20®
23 per ton
DRIED, PEAS— Green^ $1 80<82 per ctl. ,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans quiet, with Increasing recelpta of the
new crop and a corresponding easiness In quo
tations. There is nothing new in Seeds.
' Mail advices from New York say of the
damage to the Bean crop In Michigan:
"The J. K. Armsby Company received to-day
samples of bean vines pulled from the best
bean districts in Michigan. The sample show
ed a very poor condition for the early bean
crop.- and the effect of the recent heavy rains
was very evident. Reports from the section
Etate that the rains .have beaten the vines
down and Into the ground, and some hav«
been practically destroyed. The early bean
crop will not. It is stated, amount to any
thing this year. Some beans have been cut
and caught In the rain. In some sections the
yield. It Is stated, will not be over three bush
els per acre. The average yield under favora
ble conditions Is said to be 15 bushels per
acre. To-day private advices from the Euro
pean markets report an advance of Is In
the last two days."
BEANS— Bayos $2 00@3 15; Pea, $3 25; But
ters. $3 25; small White. $2 75@3 06; large
White $2 45@2 52%; Pink. $2 70®2 00; Red,
$2 90@3; Lima, $3 25@3 40; Red Kidneys,
nominal ; Blackeye $2 40 per ctl ; Horse Beans.
$1 40@l 50. .
Beans and Seeds.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm, 14<317c; creamery, 13@17c;
dairy, 14@17c; eggs, firm at mark. 16%@17}$c;
cheese,' 9V&@H%c.
; -'Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 42,400 37.342
Wheat, bushels 361.000 161,810
Corn, bushels 767.800 . 547,000
Oats, bushels .'. 512,900 J03.400
Rye. bushels 7.5OO
Barley, bushels 71.500
tarlnea, *QiVtc for white; F!rs. white, . 4MO
4%c In boxes; Plums pitted, 5©7« per lb.--
PRUNES — 1902 crop. 2%(g2%c for the four
sizes, with %®lc premium for the large, sixes.
RAISINS — New prices are as follow*: * Two
crown, Og«V4c: three-crown, 6}i@6V4c; four
crown. 69ii§7c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 foftshell, 12%©13c:
No. 2. lOWeil^c; No. 1 hardshell. HVi@12c:
No. 2. 10@10Hc; new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils. 10^c for I X Li. 10Hc for Ne Plus* Ul
tras and 8%c for Lanzuedoc; Peanuts, 5®7c
for Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
Q5,
HONEY— Comb, new, 12%Q!13%c for white
and 9® lie for amber: new water white ex
tracted. 5\t^Hc; light amber extracted. 5c;
dark. 3U&4HC
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
ton: Oilcake Meal at-the mill, $2C@28 50: Job
bing, $27@27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21©22;
Corn Meal. $n@.-a 50; Cracked -Corn, $33 60@
34 60; Mixed Feed, f 22 60® 23 00; Horse Beans.
f2$<S30 per ton.
HAY— Wheat $11014 60, with Bales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat, $11©13 50; Oat.
$10013; Wild Oat $0 50® 11 50; Barley.' SOffll;
Clover. $8 CO®!!;* Stock. $8®9; Alfalfa. $9 50®
10 50 per ton.
STRAW — 35@65c per bale.
<boxed), * $6 75®7; ¦ shortyClear. sides ! (boxed),
$8 12%@8 23: whisky, baeis of High wines.
fl 35: clover, conuacf grade, <9 15.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
THE CALL'S ,
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will dose en September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons axe requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will b«
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
AUCTION SALES
fe fes fe
Auction Sale.
80-HORSES--80
Bt order of O. H. MEI3S of SUktyou Co*
¦ I WILX. SELL.
A Second Consignment of Horses,
Consisting of SO head of b/oken and ua-
broken horses. Sale takes plac*
II a. m. THURSDAY, September 10,
At J. B. HORAN'S STOCK YARDS. Cor.
Tenth and Bryant streets.
W. H. HORD. Auctioneer.THE SAN ' FBAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1903.
12
HELP WA5TED-MALE-U;on.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento ct.
Phone Main 1101. Cor. Leidesdorff st.
Steamer sails to-morrow moraine to
ASTORIA— ASTORIA.
Near PORTLAND. OREGON— FEE $1.
Fare $3, with Berth and Meals.
25 labcrers. $2 25; 15 rockmen. $2 50 day:
company work; no strike; no discount; we
• are the only ones that ship.
ARE YE WID US. .FELLERS? ,
WE'RE GOIN' FRUITPICKIN* IN
SANTA CLARA CO.. near San Jose.
25 men pick fruit and work in dry yards,
etc.; long job; fee $1; $1 25 day fd.
WILLITS— Freeware— Fee $1 — Ukiah Route.
20 teamsters ana laborers, $2 25 a day.
BUTTE CO.— CHICO— Half Fare— FEE $1.
DIAMOND MATCH CO.'S own work— Big
Trust; 60 teamsters, laborers and rockmen.
$2 25 and $2 50 a day.
Ship To-Nlght — 50 laborers, ballast work.
20 uplkers and Iron men, $2 to $2 5O a day.
BIG TUNNEL — NEAR CITY — FREE FAKE.
20 muckers. ?t"0: 5 tunnelmen, $75.
FREE FARE— NEAR CITY— FEE $1—20
laborers, $2; 10 trackmen, $2 25 a day; win-
ter's Job.
20 miners all ever. $75 to $30: 100 labcrers
and muckers. $60 to $75; 300 other laborers,
all classes of work, some factories. $2 to
$2 50 a day; SCO labcrers, mills, yajds and
woods; also experienced mlllmen. crosscut
sawyers, all over the State — NORTH, EAST,
SOUTH; 5 laborers to clear risht of way.
$t>7 50. free fare.
LARGE MINE SOUTH, cheap fare — 10
muckers, $67,50; you'll suit.
PRIVATE R. R. near city— 20 laborers,
$U7 50.
MISCELLANEOUS.
5 ranch teamsters, $40 fd. ; 12 farmers, $30
fd. ; 100 f rultpickers, $26 to $30 f d. ; cook. camp,
half fare, $t>0 fd. ; dishwasher, ramp. $30
fd., free fare; second cock. $45 fd. : waiter.
S. R., $30 fd.: dishwasher, $30 fd. Men, call
and see u=; 1200 other jobs not advertised.
Get a fre- list of Jobs at PACIFIC EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY, 620 Sacramento Bt.,
corner Leidesdorif.
3 CARPENTERS, dredger work, $82 BO found:
3 carpenters, large lumber company, boss
here. PACIFIC EMP. AGENCY, 520 Sacra-
mento St.
FARMER and wife, $55; young man as night
clerk for hotel in country. $20 and found;
sheepherder. $3O and found; man about place.
$30 and found; 2 farmers and wives. $40 and
found; milker. $35 and found; man for wood
and coal yai^ $2 50 per day; buggy washer.
$55: furnace man, $67 50; blacksmith, $•') day;
boye for stores, $6 to $7 50 week; laborers
for mills, woods, quarries and mines; miners
and woodchoppers and many others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento at.
COOK and wife, country hotel, $60; boarding-
house cook, $50; hotel cooks; kitchen man.
$20 and found: 2 waiters and wives. $10 and
$50; waiter, country hotel, $30 and fare ad-
vanced; dishwashers. $30; bellboys and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramen-
to St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12
— Sliver pantryman. $30: bellboy, $15.
WANTE1D — Young man to set up toys; one
who Is familiar with the use of tools. Ap-
ply between 9 and, 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
RELIABLE young man understanding butcher
business to drive wagon. Schrader Bros.,
1372 Market st. *
WHOLESALE house: ambitious boy about 17;
good opening; $4 CO week beginning. Box
S21. Call.
TIVY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 5O; we, pay
express or mall cbgs. 11 Third St., Exam. bid.
FIRST-CLASS Jewelry polisher wanted. Bald-
win Jewelry Co., S46 Market st,.
TWO tailors in Kern. Apply DETMER
WOOLEN CO.. 643 Market, third floor.
GOOD chance for boy about 17. Apply RIE-
GER & CO.. wholesalers. 161 First Bt.
Drummer merchant tailoring: good com. Ap-
• ply Thursday before 10 a. m., 40, Ellis, r. 49.
I .
DISHWASHER. 1750>i Mission st.
LUNCH waiter. 1759'.i Mission St.
WANTED— A barber to run a shop. 521
Eighth st.
WANTED— Boy 17 to ID to work In black-
. smith shor>. Call 2630 Folsom st.
GOOD washer wanted. 617 Sacramento st.
TRY our men'n shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or m?il digs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character: must speak, read and writ*
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our IH.-
and possessions, and at naval stations in the
United States. Apply at recruiting offlce. 40
Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222V* N. Main
et.. Los Angeles. Cel.. and 401 K St.. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
BRIGHT boy of good address, about 18. to
make himself generally uselul and learn the
business. Apply by letter with references,
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO. ,
WANTED — Educated gentleman to locate in
Oakland and write short articles for publica-
tion; $1S per week: no communications an-
swered without ""references. Box 1720, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
rejulred; special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 633 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 10O new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third at.; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
BARBER — Young man with few months' expe-
rience to finish trade. 1546 Park at.. Ala*
meda.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14. 26 Montgomery St., San
Francisco Construction Company.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Stenart st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
' bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Post. G. A.R.
WANTED — 3 laborers, pick and shovel. Four-
teenth &ve. and N st. So.: Kentucky at. cars.
WANTED — An experienced young man for
liquor stoiv. 331 Ellis street.
WANTED— Experienced, clean, steady waiter.
Ill Larkin st.
BOhfS wanted: good wages: steady work.
Illinois Pacific Glass Co.. 15th and Folsom.
STEADY, active boy for wholesale house; stats
age and experience. Box 243S. Call office.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia street.
ALL sUes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half,
price. Sfi't Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c 6C3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOUSES ASO WAttOJiS.
GRAND auction sale; all horses, wagons, har-
ness, plows, scrapers and other material be-
' longing to Greely &. Son. contractors, with-
out reserve, Tuesday. September 15. 11 a. m.,
at stables. 7th. bet. Pt. Lobos and Clement.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must b« sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
3 GOOD work horses for want of use. Apply
lumber yard. S.E. corner Alabama and
Montcalm streets.
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1000.
Call offlce.
FINE horse, harness and buggy for sale, cheap.
1435 Folsom St.. horseshoeing shop.
S GOOD hor-es for sale cheap. .127 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 632 Mission st.
Hot , aES , ru Lt . T>
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir^
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO..14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you tlm« and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
st., on the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st.
LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST— September 8. ladles' diamond and pearl
brooch, on Twelfth St.. near Mission, or on
>Ia«Ket or Mission between Tenth and Fif-
teenth. Liberal reward at 1S37 Mission st.
LOST— Going from Clay st. to Sutter on Van
Ness ave., a silver serpent buckle 'attached
to ribbon. Liberal reward If returned to
1941 Clay st.
LOST— Steel bead purse, bet. Post ard Keamy
and Call bid. Return 600 Call bid.; reward.
LOST— Gunmetal fob and locket, in or near
Presidio: liberal reward. 7 Kearnv »t.
. HELP ' WASTED— MALE Con.
MURRAY & READY. \
PHONE MAIN 6S48. C34 and 636 Clay st.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT & Labor Agents
Offlce half block long; 14 clerks employed:
"^.r>°^.. 0WI J> P rlntln * Plant we publish a
FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing
every position segregated under departments,
ready tor distribution 7 a. m.; also noon and
evening editions. German, Italian. French.
OJ?E FREE""*""*" Greek s I )Oken - GB T
- THAT IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
Man° W n ° dlsUnctlon between Man and
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
1W) \OU ARE ALL WELCOME.
.s^\ E t£ A X5v lu03 WKLL GIVE
45,000 men work. 60.000 men work
nevada" DAY we ship free to
OREGON.' los ANGELES*
H^^ J i^^ ISLANDS. WILLITS. UKIAH.'
AND x A £k. POINTS S - E - and s anta *"e. '
_,--, NORTH. EAST- AND SOUTH.
' R .^ I . LRO^ D ,, HELP of ever r description, in-
cluding drillers, hammer and corner men.
t *'a * aborerB - . teamsters, blacksmiths,
cooks and waiters. $5. $4. $3 $2 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
xf.i. CA . R^ ENTERS FREE FAReI
Millwrights. v Carpenters' helpers.
8 carpenters; northeast; free fare; $90.
6 carpenters; private work; 60c fare; $00.
4 carpenters, large winery, fare $3, 840 fu
?« car i'o'Jif rs .V r lumber company, plain work,
xare >- yy, 575. •
Carpenter, ranch. 30c fare, $40 and found,
o carpenters, house work, fare $1 30. $3 30
16 carpenters, big lumber company, north,
doss n*rc.
bU " d large BOld dred * e "'
soufhTToo 1^ l^r a; bl * water power:
F -fr r t e -o?, n . S raJn ranch : 'are $1; bot's here.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A^E YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
OR TO-MORROW? *295 men wanted; any-
body can do the work; a man or a boy who
can eat fruit can pick fruit
m>TT?i FEE * * x FARE.
Sr^i' T xr^ W7 50 found * FRUIT
" C "*JG «30 found. PICKING
TO-DAY? $34 found TO-DAY?
faome to work about packing and dry houses;
•you can have a good vacation. Go. come back
W AV!J1 90 to * 120 - We NORTH. EAST.
fcOLTH; also many to the great wineries.
MURRAY & READY, 634-6CC Clay St.
COME.
• ..65 laborers, teamsters, city and country
Jobs. <2. $2 50 and $3 day. All classes of
work. Come, nee.
155 Italians, 52 25 day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers, free fare. 14 miles away, $42
and found.
155 coal miners, free fare. $3 to *5 day.
f slfT* 1 " 3 ' team£terB ' ¦WHlits, Uklah. free
'do you know— free fare.
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs:
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
156 teamsters and ax men, $75.
107 laborers and drillers. $75.
105 track layers, ballast track, $67 50.
Cost you only $1; no discount: steady lob.
MINES. QUARRIES, TUNNELS.
15o laborers, you'll suit. $60, $75 found.
. 06 miners and tlmbermen, $00 found.
ISO quarrymen, also drillers, $82 to $90.
9b carmen, furnace men $75.
STABLES, FARMS, DAIRIES. HARVEST.
1J6 farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to
$45 and found.
38 milkers, butter-makers, $30 $35. $40 fd.
156 harvest hands, hay balers. 52 50, $3 day.
fc.x choremen, coachmen, gardeners, $30 to
$oO and found.
16 stablemen, city and country $30 to $15 fd
86 men for brick yards, $35 to SSO found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
mer i,S nd w . lves . farms, orchards, mines,
mills, $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY.
K>4 and «30 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THeT?
So lumber trusts and syndicates
Located in Four Stntes.
Managers Here. Two Territories.
FREE— FREE— FREE.
JJo .abcrers, no experience wanted, $35 to $70
and found.
I^rA exn^ rlenced min yard men, $40 to
$lo0 and found.
.';v: wuodcheprers. $40 to $50 found,
o^ii woedchoppers. tlemakers, shinclo, post
picket and box bolt makers, tools and pro-
visions found.
?m™ MURRAY & READY,
IKLbTb. C34 and Ooti Clay st.
A— COOKS— BIG PAY! ~
COOKS. BIG HAY. COOKS. COOKS.
-0 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches hay
presses, etc.. $70, }«O, $50. $10. $30 found:
very few men to ook for: no women there,
fo d dlfferel } t mines. $70, $ti5, foO, $40
40 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloona.
etc., $7U to $40 found
WAITERS.
SuKfe't^Sra^ltT; !ncIudinE cafe8 -
PO S l 5t, 1 on^. nd $,5 1 ?o a^O l f 0 0 > un'd. Clty "* C ° Untry
0 Porters and bedmak-rs, city and country
positions. $45 to $20 and found.
So diili-vashers, et... city and all parts of
Callfomia. $40 to $25 found.
IS boys to learn trades and work in fac-
tories, *t> to $12 week.
COOK. NEVADA. $.VJ; FAKE PAID.
MLRRAY &READY. U34-«;(i Clay st.
EXCEPTIONA LLY GOOD MINE '•
15 laborers, no experience wanted. $67 50
ML'HKAY & READY. 6.'t4-(>j(i clay st.
1T .ALIANK— FREE FARE— ITALIANS.'
oC laborers. Humboldt County lumber com-
pany: manager at our office: 535 to SCO & fd
MURRAY & READY. C34-Ut6 Clay st.
SPECIAL BY TELEGRAPH
MIDNIGHT PHONE AND LETTER'
lb ranch teamsters, different Jobs $32 to J40
and found. .
TUOLUMNE COUNTY— FARE PAID.
u9 laborers, first-class lumber company $60
ARIZONA— TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT— FARE PAID.
32 laborers, big, good lumbrr co. $K0 to $75
EL DORADO COUNTY— FARE PAID. '
16 more laborers, big lumber .trust $42 & fd
RESERVOIR WORK.
25 laborers and teamsters, fare $1 30- $87 50
FREE FARE.
.15 carpenters, all plain work, only Tew tools
$00.
68 TRACKMEN, NEW WORK. $67 50.
'1 tank coopers, winery, $:: 50 day.
5 young men. distribute bills. $1 25. $1 50 day.
10 men for dry yards, packing houses, north.
$32 f>0 and found. /
26 lumber pliers. Santa Cruz Coun/y. $00.
6 laborers, surface work, gold mine, south-
east. _57 50.
TO FRESNO MOUNTAINS FREE.
. 25 laborers, mills and woods, $40 to $S0 fd.
12 laborers, Santa Fe, free fare, $07 50.
ENGINEERS.
Stationary- engineer, city, $2 75 day.
Locomotive engineer, city. $75.
Farmer and wife, stock ranch, $50 found.
Boller-elcaner. city institution, $2 50 day.
Cook, few men. camp, fare paid, north, $50
and found.
2 men, run bean cutters, fare $1, $37 50 fd.
0 men. pitch beans, thresher, fare $1. $t>0 fd.
Man and wife as cook and bedmaker, fare
$3. $f.O and found. j
Tallyman and lumber srader, $3 a day.
Best Places MURRAY & READY.
Biggest Wages. G."}4-t)30 Clay st.
HALF FARE TO CHICO.
105 laborers, teamsters, axmen. $75.
NORTHEAST- SOUTH— FREE. -<
2555 RAILROAD LABOREHS. TEAMSTERS
SANTA FE K. R. — FREE.
55 laborers, teamsters, etc., $2 50. $2 25 day.
Candy maker. Monterey County, $12 a week.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO-DAY.
3563 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
COME. SEE.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S.
BIGGEST WAGES AT . 634-630 CJay st.
FREE TO HUMBOLDT TO-DAY. FREE.
65 laborers, big lumber company. $35 found.
:} waiters, mine, north. $."50 found.
Furnace man, $67 50; brick temperer, $2 30
day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A YOUNG man to learn underpressln^r on
vests; $5 a week to- begin. Apply Thursday
morning, 27 Geary St., top floor, S. N.
WOOD CO.
CASH boys wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 740 Market st.
WANTED — Errand boys not under 15 years
of age; good chances for advancement. Ap-
ply NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO., 124 Sut-
ter st ¦ -' •- '
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — Young man for office; good at
writing and figuring; state age. experience
and salary expected. Box 1734, Call office.
YOUNG man to assist In cutting and work on
the bench for an Interior tailor. Apply
REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
WANTED — A stenographer who can also play'
piano; permanent position. Hoover Univer-
sity of Culture, 1839 Fillmore.
WANTED — Offlce boy about 15 years 'old In
wholesale house; hours 7 to 6. Address box
4179. Call offlce.
YOUNG man for office; must understand type-
writing and stenography; Smith operator;
salary $40 per month. Box 4181. Call.
EXPERIENCED clerk for general offlce work;
state age and salary expected. Address box
4183. Call offlce.
GERMAN waiter for country hotel; wages $30
a month. Call between 10 and 12 o'clock
a. m.. 310 Third st.
"" SAJf FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francleeo
Call, corner Market and Third stre*ts; open
uctll 12 o'clock *>ery night In the year.
liRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
coiner Clay; open until H:30 p. m.
:*e0 Have* street: open ur.til 0:30 p. tn.
<"» McAllister street; open until 0:30 p. m.
*.:5 Larkm street; cj>en until 3:30 p. m.
12<1 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
ICC Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
ICWS Valencia rtre-t; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corr.tr Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 j^m.
Northwest «2rrer of Twc r.ty-second and Ken-
tucky ftrctts; open until 3 p. m.
22<'O Fillmore etreet; oi>en until 9 p. m.
CIUKCH SfcUtVlCKS.
REV. E. A. ROSE at P»nlcl Hall. Pine and
Ktarny. Sept. 6-20. both inclusive, at f> p. m.
At 4lt Third st, cially at ll:o« a. m. ; Sundays. >
••:30 j.. :n. !
MEETING .NOTICES.
ISLAM Temple THIS < WED- *_5t^?^^
KESOAT) EVENING. isep- T"**£ M
timber It. at X o'clock. By or- V<Ti?\r :
<ifcr of the Potentate. /-^SC-A
J. \V. ANDERSON. /,/
Ueooroer. W jy
CALIFORNIA Ledge of Perfection No. 05
1<| A. and A. S. R.. «^5 Suttei jt. — "V\f I
• ailed rneetir.tr THIS (WEDXES- /V\ I
DAY) EVENING at X o'clock. Four- 1
tesnth Degree. All brethren of the rite cor- j
diully invited. By order of th- Venerable
Master. CBAB£4_9 JELLI.VEK, Sec.
Lodge No. 1.J8, F. and A. _>
IL— First D.-cic-e THIS (WEDNES-VV
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. 13y/V\
order of tht W. M.
R. H. McPHERSON. Secretary.
GREAT Scotch gathering: — Clan '*2a
Kraser's ricuie at cchuetzen Park t J$J~3i
ADMISSION DAY. Sejit. B. This
will be the outdoor event of "NCV\
the oeatcn; new, novel and _if\jr^
amusing eventa. Including foot- •* 3 {
t"*!l and walking matches, etc.:" fittrtci.ig j
all day in the largest pavilion on the Pa- '
oiflc Coast. Tickets. Including R. R. fare. ¦
Me; children, ":5c. Tickets for ?ale at the [
ferry on the n-.ornirss of the Oth. Every j
mct?lirr of Clan Frascr wi'l be cxp?ctcd to |
assemble In their rnout-rooms. 32 O'Farrell '
tt.. at S:45 oVlo:!» sharp on the morning
of the »?h. WILLIAM COItMACK, Chief.
A. KING. Secretary.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND !
ELECTRIC COMPANY is hertby given !
that pursuent to an order and resolu- •
t,oc cf the board of directors of the San ]
Francisco Gas and Electric Company adopted
at a meeting of raid board duly held at the
office of tr.e company in the City and County
cf San Francisco. State of California, on
the 1 2th day of August. 13C3, a netting of
the ftxrkholder* of San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company will be held at the offlce
cf the company, number 415 Poet Street. San
Francisco. California <the same being th«
principal place cf business of said corpora-
tion and the building where the board of dl-
re.-tore usually meet;, on Thursday the 22nd
<iay cf October. 1903. at the hour of 2 o'clock
P. 21.. lcr the purpose ot acting ana \utir.g
»ipon the proposition to create a bonded in-
debtedness of said corporation to the amount
in the a«Krr?ate of ten million <10.0cv.cvuj
dollar*. UrJtcd States Gold Coin, for the pur-
pose of acquiring property to be used in car-
rying on the business of the corporation and
:a crier to provide funds for other legiti-
mate and necessary purposes of the corpor-
ation, such bonded indebtedness to be secured
l»y a mortgage or dted of trust upon all the
rrcpeity now owned by eaid corporation, or
which It may hereafter acquire By order of
the board of directors.
CHARLES L. BARRETT.
Secretary £an Francisco Gas and Electric
Company.
A WEEK'S new? for 5 cent? — The Weekly Call, \
16 paf=g. in nypfr. for mailing. SI year.
AIVORSBIS-AT-LAW.
ADViCE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Di\crc*c a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAT UNLESS SUCCESSFUL. I
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW. '
1122 Market St.. offices 1. 2. 3. 4 and 5. <
BEWARE OF FRAUDS. !
titement gays "Attorney at L«tv" the party I
advertising Is not a lawyer: don't b* fooled. 1
ADVICE FREE I
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY I
Km. 85. 916 Market: tel. Red CIS: bad ten-
arts ejected fr-eeclily and reasonably; collec- i
- out fitt*";;*ic'i to ¦ — it,t-_tc5"iintTi tc ', corj)ox*_.t.iOQS j
crtariired; civil and criminal practice.
P.OBT. If. KING, attj-at-'.a-.-. Examiner bid.,
m. 6U: all cases, damages, estates, willg,
ettachments. ccl>cticrj>, etc.: consultation,
free; r.o advance charges: call or write; even.
ing? by appointment. Tel. Rtd SC01.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous caseF. divorces, probate and all other law
cases: no fees In advanc*; cnen every even-
lr.g. J. M. THURSTON. 619 Market et.. r. 31.
L. H. CLARK. Emma. Sprecktls fcldg.. 027 Mar-
ket tt. : consultation :ree; no fees in advance.
AITKEX & AITKEX. attorneys, r* 300-10-11.
Clunie bldg.. r^>3 California ft.: tel. Main "IT..
ADVICE free: all ea?es; open evenings. M.
L. RYAN. b50 Market et.. cor. Stockton.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents — The Weekly Call
•*! pare*. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per yearl
DIB.OS. DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talking parrcts,$5 eech;G-rman elnglng
canaries. $2: v.c will try to plea** you: every.
thing in our line at right prices. 1546 Market
BCSJJtESSS CHA.NCE5. ~
fl2.00O—i£ ACTIVE interest in downtown rner^
cantile business; establlehed for years; en-
l£;-g!ng rr-miff* and stock; parties writing
fcr Interview r.-.ust \>e Rble to prove buflnees
ability and Jntrgritj ; this is a splendid op-
portunity for live man with capital; bank
reference «xchanfred. Box 4151. Call.
RKTIRING from business — We offer Tor sale or '
e:.<-!iar.K* In property one of the beet-known
caf'-s In San Francisco; established 8 years
and doing good business. Particulars, ad-
_«r*f5 Jrx 417.".. Call.
PARTNER wauled with capital In good-pay-
_ ing business; investigate. 1722 Market st.
FOR BA-.~S-.Xeat restaurant 3 living rooms,
cash register. f:-50 : only those meanlnp busl-
need answer. Box 2494. Call offlce.
FOR eai« or rent— Fully equipped, modern,
payir.? hospital in Southern California city.
__A<1dress J\ O. box 457. Ean Bernardino.
FOR SALE — Saloon and garden; 3 years* lease.
11. City Hall ave.. near Larkin «t.
6A .Vf^ )N , t " Itn * room*; Rood place. Inquire
S CIEBE BROS. & 1'LAGEMANN.
BOARDING-HOUSE; * rooms all filled; good
huslnt-hs. 1031 McAllister st.
FOR SALK-An ir>5id» mute on this paper
» or particulars apply at offlce.
A iMskery; <irli--acy : all fttor« trade: S23 a day
I price fW»;fno «»eat»^71g McAllister Ft.
CLASSIFIED advcTtifrmcnts find subscriptions
rrcriwd at Call branch offl t -«. 2200 Flll'mor*.
Louc;i.\c;-nois.Es ron sale.
10O ROOMS; hoUFe for men; rent~$14o'. . . .(4000
Rs roorai-: sou'h of Mrrket; rent $100 . 2000
SI rooms: ccrre r; part cash; bal. easy. 830
II rooms: pood income; mn $20. 3-y)
.1 roomf; water front; rent »40; lease.. «5o
J.f> rooms. trood lrsse; low rent C500
Hote L%JL o ' idhoUtei - «««. » to 100 rooms
, EITHL & CAUr.OLL. 212 Kearny st.
\A~rETER.SEN ft LARPEN. IcHTMarket st
offer *e>ct bargains in offW and sunny
room buildings^* 32 and 50 rooms with lea"?
11-nOOM houf-. north aid-; low rent; «acri-
flor: in health; nu agents. Tiox 4182, JaH.
CAKI'IST BKATIXG AXD CLEaSi.VG.
AIR. rom pressed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpet*, on
** <^ t ->T t wit nc*Jt removal or Injurv* prices mr »H
*rate. Anr.ly S. K. COMPRESSED AIR
- '* Li:AN ' 1XG °°- Cal1 bld -: t'hon* Main 52a7.
WHEN you Itf-cora- disgusted with your work
j-end for SPAULPING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Y\.»rkf. ::5^-SS7 Tehama et. ; tel. South 4O.
CALJI-ORNIACarp-t-beatlnK Co.. J. McQueen
proprietor. 32a Guerrero st.; tel. Mission 49[
tBt HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating-
mattregseE rr.ade over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutler st •
tfl. Main ry.4. GEO. WALCOM & CO .Prop.:
RtriJOLT'H Si CO.. carpet -beating works; prices
rca-cnabl*. 1703 Harrison tit. ; tel. Mission 203.
rt 5£. KLI . J !T R Superior Carpot-beatir.g Works.
.v« Golden Gate ave.; telephone E*&t 120.
CHIROPODISTS.
3UNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. BO Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, buntons.etc.
COLLECTION OKFICKS.
«ANGHART & WETElC " "~~~~~~~~ -~—
Collectors.
Xo. 1 1 70 Market et. Room 37.
IAD tenants ejected for *4; collections made; '
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
«£O., il8 Montfomery, room. 0-10; tel. 63S0.
SPIRITUALISM.
, ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the fa-
mous psychic; stamp for circular. 1112 Eddy
et.. near Octavla.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening.
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrison Bt.. cor. Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE. 10T.2 Ellis, readings daily,
»:.•'<> to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ATTENTION— $1 $1 "$1 $1 $1
My regular $3 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 H
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fail to tell you your
r.ame, occurotlon and whtt you called for; I
promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart !s trJe or false; I tell you
whom and when you will marry; in fact, I
will tvll you every hope, fear cr ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible development In mental vig-
or, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth, so you will live happy and contented
the rest of jour life. Hr's — 30 a. m. to S p.
' m. : Sunday. 2 to i>. 326 — O'Farrcll Et. — :i26.
I MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant ard business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly. glve3 an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
i present happt-nines and portrays events to
occur In the future: if you ave in trouble, dls.
; contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
; meftic. love or business troubles, consult this
i ' frreat medium and you will be told how to
I overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 4560.
1SMAR. the Egypt:an gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st., cor. Turk; pi 1 vats readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person: 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $6; tend lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postoffice,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered lettsr.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond Eight; tells the past, present and future;
ladies. gents. $1: by cards, palmistry
1 and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk «t.
: M: s. A. li. Krcnerberg. palmist, clj 'vvoyant.
t card reader, will Klve a good reading, 10c, for
a Khort time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS ZHMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
has second si*ht: a wonderful prophetess;
Kives names; L. S0c: G. $1: 8 questions by
mail.?2:hrs. 10 to 3. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
LATEST arrival; Mme. La Mar. who predicted
; the Galveston disaster; card reading and
¦ palmistry: I. 25c, k. 00c: hours 11 a. m. to 0
! p. m. Call 1212 Mifgion st.. bet. Sth and Oth.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: up. 5 4th st.. near Market.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26»i Kearny. room 20; ladies 2.">c. gents 50c.
MRS. SHAKER, clalrvovant. card reader: sit-
t'.ngs dally. US'.j. Jtet'.e Et.. bet. 5th ana-Gth.
DKXTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Mark~e^Tlir7ETeventh
— No charge for extracting when plates aro
made; old plates rr.ade over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50: fillings. 50c;
plates. $5: lull set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dentil Patli.rs, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth, *1 to up; crowns. $2 up; fil!i-ig»,25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns, $2: no
pale: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt,204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT oft this month: estimates free.
N>w fork r>-nti«t<. '.'gl Mlygjon St.. cor. <ith.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
I McDOWELL Dressmaking tnii Millinery School '
— Any pattern cut to measure. 101U Market.
ACCORDION', sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button *i buttonhole factory. 1K> Taylor.
DVE1NU AXD CLEAVING.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets, j
I lace curtains, etc.. done by the Pres-ldio j
I Heights Dye Works. *; < >15 Sacramento: phone
for wjgon V.'ei-t 453. H. H1CKMAN. pree.
i liUL'CA'i'IO.NAX..
A— CALDWELL College cf Oratory. Acting,
1 Opera and Authorship; largest in the West;
' 14 teachers; positions guarantc-d; fall term
\ begins Sej;t. 7; (Jay and evening class; beauti-
: ful new cstalojrue free. 1205 Market, cor. Uth.
HEALD'S BCSLKESS COLL.KGU. 2t Tost. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
language?, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions. Ulus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Buslr.fts College, 12jG Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Grogg thorthanj. fastest,
bookkeeping: typewriter r.t borne free.
AVUES. the leading business cclleje, 723 Mar-
ket tt.; fpecia'. summer course in all depart-
ments; har.dac.-ne catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $1.0; Uay and evi-nirg sessions.
CALIFORNIA r.uslness College. ZUS Larkin hU
"A thorough school'* ; positions secured fcr
graduates; modern meth-Kls: individual ln-
uruction. Write fcr illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 year*. U12 Polk it.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children'* classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S School of Mines & E'ectr!city.24 Post j
et.. S. F. ; a practical school ct engineering;; |
complete equipment. Special catalogue fre>?. j
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. min.. mech.. su7- 1
vey, atsay. cyanide: day. «ve.; est ISM. Van j
der Naillen School. 11.' Fulton, nr. City Hall. I
EY.STEM. discipline, and results; the Golden j
: Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and Col- j
den Gate avea.. S. F. ; fills every requirement.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
ft. v uc-ar Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PAKTINGTON'F. 41'4 Pine st Night class.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Palnt-
ings from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market. nr.lOth.
Pittman shorthand, tywln*. bookkpe. $» mo.
EMPLOY3IE.YT OFFICES. /
GEORGE AOKI. 421 [Port stT; tel. Bush '_3S^-
Japar.ese - Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — Japanese-
Chinese, help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main !^2.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce 418
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung's, 4111/4 O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. "{15 Stockton; Main 6183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; ectab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1037. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
LM1-LOVHEM' AVAM'KD — FEMALE.
2 FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundresses wish sit-
uations: young, strong: phune Main 5306. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 gutter St.
RELIABLE, strong, honest woman wants work
by the day; carpet sweeping and flannel
washing, specialty; SI 25 day; car fare for
calling. 174 Fourth st.. room 10. one flight.
DRESSMAKER and tailor-made suits to order:
flrft-class cutter, and fitter; only best of
work ilcne; take work horn"; engagements
by the day. MISS BARSS, 1024 Mission st.
DRESSMAKER wishes a few more en*age-
ments by the day; $1 50 a d.iy. Address
';.">» Pros*>ect ave.; phone Capp 3096.
TOUNG English woman requires position as
second girl in city. Box 4172, Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE woman would like work from
a to 4 hours In the forenoon. Box 4178, Call.
WANTED — By experienced ladles' nurse, take
full charge of baby from birth, wait upon in-
valid and help with light housework: best of
references. Call at 703 Devisadero st. | .
Al MILLINER will make over ladles' own ma-
terial or furnish material at reasonable
prices. Box 172S. Call offlce. '
WANTED— By refined American girl, position
as second girl In small family; references.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
UMPLOYMEM' WAKTED MALE.
GARDENER wants situation; disengaged No-
vember 1; thoroughly understands the care
of gentleman's private place; single; age 28;
also good driver; can furnish best of refer-
ences as to- ability, sobriety and honesty
Address J. FAY. Springfield. Vermont.
HATS— Wanted, by an energetic man of good
api>earance. a responsible position In either
hats or merchandise; wholesale preferred-
London and Australian experience. GREEN-
LAW. box 4171. Call office.
TOUNG man of good appearance and good
talker, would like position as local sales-
man; best of references. Box 4175. Call.
WANTED — Situation by an experienced mixol-
ogist; German, with best of references. Box
417B, Call offlce.
E3IPLOVMEXT AVAXTED — MALE.
YOUNG man, strictly sober, non-smoking,
would like work with a private family
around house and garden. 639 Clay st.,
room 5.
NORWEGIAN. 20 years old, speaks and writes
English, German and Scandinavian, would
like position In store, city or country. Pleasa
address box 41S4, Call offlce.
BY young man as bartender, night or day;
also experienced In wholesale and retail gro-
cery business. Box 4177. Call offlce.
WANTED — Work on poultry ranch; want to
learn the business. Box 4174, Call offlce.
YOUNG man. Industrious and capable, expen-
e*nced stenographer, wishing to better him-
self, desires a position where there Is oppor-
tunity for advancement; please state salary.
Box 1707. Call office.
A MARRIED man. with experience as cellar-
man, would like a situation In a whisky
house; will give further details In regards to
work on application. Box 1722, Call.
I AM a young man of 18, just left art school,
and I want a situation wh-.re I can advance
myself; I am good with both pen and pencil.
Address J. D. BELL, 717 Golden Gate ave.
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation; city
or country; can do own repairs: reference
given. Box 4144, Call.
RELIABLE German, middle-aged, single, tera-
¦ perate, "wants situation as watchman; ref-
1 erences, bonds. Box 1704. Call office..
SALOON lunch cook wants position: would help
bar during day. Address box 1730. Call.
JAPANESE bey wishes to work a few hours
in the daytime or as schoolbov; speaks very
good English. WILLIAM, irj-^9 Pine St.;
I tel. Larkin 2'ill.
! JAPANESE boy wants a position in family
as schoolboy. F. SHIO. 315A Mason St.; tel.
Green .50.
I A GOOD Japanese schoolboy wants situation.
KOYANAGI. 1320 Pine st.
CLASSIFIED bdverttsemer.ts and uubbcrtptlon.i
received at Call branch of.tce. 2200 Fillmore.
A ERANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1008
Vel'Ticla t.t.
TTIAANCIAL.
COPPER — Any man with from *.10,OCO to $25,-
000 to Invest in mining will do well to com-
municate with tlio undersigned; large bodies
of high-pradt- ore are already developed;
mine proven beyond doubt: big dividends as-
sured rlsht away; no agents. PROSPEC-
TUS. 2012 Howard Et.
FLATS TO LKT.
A — HOUSES and flats to Jet; an -immense '1st:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this, department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. -J45-259 Geary
__, it., on th« square.
t -^ —
j LARGEST list or new flats and houses: call
j for rr'nted list. LYON & HOAG. 11G Mtgy.
' PIERCE. 259— Elegant 6-room sunny flat with
! bath; reasonable rent.
I $12 95; Sunny~-4 rooms. 131 Ivy ave.. near Van
; Ness. I
$7 — FLAT; large yard. 726% Harrison St..
between Third and Fourth.
HERMAN. 43— Upper flat, 4 large rooms, bath
and cellar: rent $16.
AN elegant 6-room flat, nearly new; half block
from Market st. 3043 Seventeenth at.
SIXTH, 320 — 6 rooms, bath; sunny yard.
STOCKTON PL.. 22 — 4 flats. 4 rooms and
baths; $20 each.
TO lei — Flat of four rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post Bt.
UPPER flat to let: 4 rooms and bath; rent $18:
Ti-st^r free. XtfiV, Tefcama et. .
FLATS TO LET — FUIINISHED.
UPPER flat f> rooms, furn. complete: plHno;
marine view; reasonable. 1862 Stockton st.
KLATS FOR SALE FIKMSUEU.
NEWLY furnished upper sunny flat. 6 rooms
and bath: r*nt $27. CARAY. 130S Call bldg.
FLATS FUR SALli.
A BARGAIN— $1250; CORNER LOT. 3 FLATS;
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEB
OWNER Or: PREMISES.
Fljit.M'rUKK FOU SALE.
FURNITURE of 4. rooms for housekeeping for
pale; $50. 31 B Fern ave.
FURNITURE WAKTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
A L. STORKS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkin 3C31. (531 Ellis.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook for institution, $40; 5 cooks.
$35-$30; restaurant cook, $10 week; hcuse-
keeper. Eureka, M0; cook and helper, small
hotel, country, $55, will take man and wife;
cook and second girl, same house, $30-$'JJ; 3
maids and seamstresses", $25; kitchen helper,
$25; 5 second girls, $20-$25; 2 parlormaids,
$30, city and country; housework, country,
$35-$30; laundress for Boys' Home, $25; 2
Bccond girls. Oakland, S^S; chambermaid,
sleep home, $6 week; and other places; best
of wages; call to-day. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st.
INFANT nurse. $25; French or German gov-
erness, 4-year-old girl, SCO; North German
nurse, $25: 4 nurseglrls. $15-$20-$25. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter gt.
A — FOUR extra waitresses. $1 60 a day, for'
Ban Rafael, free fare both ways; call 8 a.
m ready to start. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
429 Bushjit ,' .
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng,
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 p«r week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
A — LADIES, learn " all branches hairdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
K — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
' month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
FIRST-CLASS skirt "hands wanted at 1664
O'Farrcll *t.
$50 PER month to energetic lady or gentleman;
steady position. 302 Callaghan building. .
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY-
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32^ FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH. ,
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. C0DE-P0RTW00D CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
A NEAT young woman for general housework
in a family of 4 adults; no trashing; wages
f20; call Thursday. 14 Broderlck st., near
Halght. '
WANTED — A first-claes union . tailoress to
work on custom coats. 240 Sutter st., room
17, second floor.
WANTED — Young lady to play piano; must be
able to read at sight." Apply superintendent's
offlce, The Emporium. •
EXPERIENCED sewers on silk and wool
waists; best pay; steady employmt'nt.
KONIGSTEIN. 28 First st.
WANTED — Apprentices for halrdresslng, man-
icuring and hair work: wages (2 per week
while learning. Box 41S0, Call.
WANTED— First-class hair workers. Apply at
HALE BROS.' si
WANTED — Hairdresser and manjeure.' Apply
at HALF: BROS.'
LAUNDRESS wanted; call forenoon. 149 Bel-
vedere st.
NEAT, experienced young girl for second work;
apply murr.lncs. ."5-0 Walnut st.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman for light
housework. 1C50 (iolden Gate ave.
EXPERIENCED candy girl. 143 Fourth St.,
corner Howard.
A GIRL to do peneral housework; small family;
wcges 520. 25CK) Howard st.
TALENTED amateur reformers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
YOUNG* woman, willing to learn, arfd satisfied
with ?40 per month to commence. Is offered
permanent position with good prospects for
rapid advancement. Box 1731. Call offlce.
GIRLS — About 15, for factory work: good
wages; apply at once. AMES &. HARK1S,
100 Sacramento st.
ITALIAN lady who con speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st. .
LUNCH waltr»ys. 515 Valencia street.
WANTED — A girl for cooking and some house-
work. 2400 Washington st.
OPERATORS on musiln underwear; also learn-
ers. G. W. REYNOLDS CO.. 597 Mission st.
WANTED— 2 ladles to travel with Ringlings'
show; must be stout. Box 2430. Call.
LADY agents an salary. Call 9 to 3. office 39.
Columbian building, 910 Market St.
WANTED — Finishers and quick sewers. Ap-
ply M. SIMINOFF.U22S Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lWi
Valencia Et.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. AGENCY,
42!» Bush st 042 Clay st.
Special Shipment To-day fcr Nevada.
laborers. Reno. Nevada, board $4 30 ?2
laborers, Beowawe, Nev., board $4 50.... $2
Laborers, Golcomla, board $4 50r ?2
BIG RYNDON TUNNEL. NEVADA.
Tunnelmcn, muckers $2-$3
New R. R. Work — Santa Fe R. R.
Trackmen, laborers $2-$2 23
20 muckers, laborers, County $2 25
For Mendocino County, Caspar Tunnel.
2 camp cooks. 50 men each $00
Tunnelmen, labcrers, teamsters $2-$2 73
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
New Work, Near Marysville, Cal.
Rockmen, laborers 25c-22«/jc hour
2 rough carpenters, sawmill, Mendocino Co..
boFs here. $00 board; fruit and almond pick-
ers, $1 ir>; married milker. $50; farmers,
ranch teamstersy $30 to $30^ found.
« colored waiters, same country hotel, fare
paid, $30 found. ,
Bell and elevator boys, $l.V$30; house man.
Santa Barbara, $25. fare; waiters, Santa
Cruz, $40; Watsonville. $35; cooks, city and
country. $4O-$75; kitchen hands, dishwash-
ers, potwashers, $25-$35; butrer, $35. 1
C. R. HANSEN & CO. .Employment Agents
420^Bush &t -. 042 Clay st.
6 COLORED waiters, same country hotel, $30
and free fare; hostler for private family.
$35 and found. Apply to C. R HANSEN
& CO.. 420 Bush 8t-.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
50 Third st., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
—. NEVADA— FREE FARE— NEVADA.
*00 laborers. Southern Pacific's own work, new
Job. $2 a day; $18 board.
We Ship Every Day — Free Fare.
EUREKA. HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
FARE ADVANCED.
10 lumber pliers, 835 and board.
10 laborers. $35 and board.
SAWMILL AVD WOODS MEN.'
2 timber fellers. $60 and board.
•• barkers. $50 and board. ¦
2 crosscutters, $50 and board.
2 lockouts, $J0 and board.
" waterbucks. $40' and board.
¦ n , FREE FARE.
10 lumber handlers and road graders. $2 a
day and $40 a month.
5 coal miners. Oregon
6 foot vein $1 a ton
FREE FARE. '
Woodchoppers for a Mine.
*t r.0 a cord 3 feet Pine
$2 a cord 4 feet Pine
Cook for country hotel, north. $90.
<-amp waiter, $25 a month.
10 men and boys to pick fruit, $1 25 a day
and board.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
ANDRE'S Office-. 317 Stockton st.— Second gar-
dener, $50; gardener and do chores, $25 to
$30: butler. $30; waiter, plain hotel. $40;
waiter, small "*«offee house,: $25 and room;
second cook, $75; second cook, short order,
$9 a week; kitchen hands. $20 to $30; dlsh-
waBher, near city. $25;. laborers, private
park, and also teamsters, $26 and found;
teamster for vineyard. $1 15 a day; helper
for nursery. $20 and found, etc.
GOVERNMENT positions— Examinations soon;
write for free circular 14, giving various po-
sitions, salaries, etc. Polytechnic Business
Colleas. OalUand. Cal.
LOST AXD Ftt\D — Con tin ae«t.
LOST—On Oakland boat. Sunday. Sept. 6. twc
notes in f".vor of M. M. Uaruh. Will th?
finder kindly advise the above at 1610 fell
st.. £lty7_ ]
LOST — Watch fob: trophy University of Cali-
fornia vs Stanford. 2 to 0. l'.M)l. and owner's
full name. Rst'.irn 4:X> California; reward.
LOST — Package contalr.lr.- dress gooda partly
cut: fell from wagon on Jon.-s and Pino sts.
Return to Signal Transfer Co.. 5."'0 Jones st.
WILL laiSy and boy who h?ld overcoat fo«
gentleman on boat Sunday night please re-
port to 53S O'Farrell at.?
LOST — On Fcurth st.. bet. Branmxn and How-
ard, lady's pin with diamond and pearls. .Re-
turn to 510A Brarman and receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with the H'bernia Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco In the
name of JOHN J. ORMSBT; No. 53.521. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Lady's watch attached to black silk
cord with fob chain and sold ring; liberal
Mward. S. P. CO'S agent. CorMn station,
via West E«rkeley.
IRISH setter pup; little white front of neck:
license No 3807. Liberal reward If returned
to 1B10 Franklin st. ; phone East 41D.
STRAYED — Brown spaniel pup: 11 weeks old
(male). Flni'er please return to 114 Guerrero
st. and receive reward.
LOST^A bUc'c pointer, license 200G. Reward
if returned to ?5<» Clay street.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st., needs old.
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL. ¦
MKS DR WYETH. specialist for all femais
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; «i)
years' experience ; removed to 82B Post »t.
MKS DR KOHL, reliable specialist for all fs-
male troubles and irregularities: instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008*4 Market st. opp. 3th.
DR. o \v O' DON NELL--- All who ara sick o*
In trouble consult this — eclallst oa femal*
complaints; positively corrected; ta« unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed: advice free. Offlce. 1013 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Nes»— Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; inst. r*l!«f;
treatment $10; hours., 10 to 5; 25 yrs. eipar.
MRS. D. ALLEX. 1113 Market — Reliable ladte**
specialist; a private home before and duria*
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa; private: secluded; conflden-
tlal. Pr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN moved to 2995 Folsom St.. cor.
26th; relief »10; ladles' exclusive offlea.
DK. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO liERBAj
original method of treatment. 1128 Market »t.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. oppoalta
Union square; all diseases cured by harba.
SIILI.I.NEKY.
Ladles' imported St tailored hats lust in; call;
prices low to start them going: frames mads
to fit the face. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post sC
MRS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old and
new friends at her millinery parlors. 221 Geary
ailSCKLLAJNEOCS— FOB, SAJJ-
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elatertte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; rood over oil
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roo's.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumpn.
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'T CO.. 130-132 Beala st.
A— Fine suits, $7 SO; dress pants, (2 30. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 208 Kearny st..
n;ar Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73l Pop-
ular Price Hattera. 33O Kearny st., near
Pine; open till 8 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-235 Spear st.
NEWSPAPER route for sale; fine chance for
the rttht man. Address N. A. LARiEN.
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
TRY our men's shoes at 51 and $1 50 pair:
I foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A; T.OLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
A FINE 4=5»-carat perfect white diamond at a
bargain. It) Sixth st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HEft-
1IANN SAFE CO.. 317-423 Sacramento ft.
A JULES JURGENSEN 5-mlnuta lepeailn*
watch; very reasonable. 10 Sixth st.
PAIR 3- karat diamond carri=cs at _ bargain.
10 Sixth St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns. saK rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 P&st st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SON3. 1C9 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and sons slides. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains :camp stools and chair*. hammocks,
metal beds.mattresses.J.F.Hotter.71v: Mission.
Edison phonos-raphs. records, supplies, m ovine
picture machines, films. BacigalUDi. 933*Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles ar.rt launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 43 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
make* ALEXANDER & CO.. IIP MontK'y.
BHSCELLAXEOUS WASTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 2S31.
I A BIG price paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 4S4.
( MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHX
601-002-60.", Examiner bulldla*.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.-
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates. -?cond mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Sea HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S44
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-nouses, without
security: easy payments; largest business la
46 principal cltlea. Tolman. 653 Parrott bldg.
! \ IZZZ *
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM <1 TO 110,000.
AT cut rates on real estate, fu.-nitur* or piano;
no commission. E W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market; phone Main 81«.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their not*.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan Bldg.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Slafth St.
MONEY leaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bld7.
S% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal:
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy at., floor ?¦
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5.T3 K;arny.
» — ¦
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money t»
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorstr. MORRELL. 009 Examiner bid*.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
; A — YOU will not have to pay for special .-,-,:»
advertising on th^se bargains. Uprights:
Cullard. W7; Sherman & Hyde. JU7: Fil&her.
$'.'3: Singer, almost new. $1B3; 2 Steinways.
good condition, larce and small size. 1103,
$.">::0: Chickerinsr, $$.', $15!>: ." Heine, second-
hand. $105: slightly used. $237. 938$ 1 ll<«ln<s
baby grand. S7£i; Krell. siishtly used, dar!;
mahogany. $^!»5. New barjaratns: Mason &
Hamlin upright. $£*C>; B*>hr Bros., mahogany.
$247: Conovcr. J2t55. Piano player3 slightly
usc-rt fiom $00 up. Pianos rented, fi .nj>.
apply on purchase. Installments, $4 "up.
Cash discount if pa:d in two years. HKINE
PIANO CO.. 2. :< 5-Z'>7 Geary st. ; largest ex-
clusive piano house of the West; agents for
the Gabler, Krell. Stejr«r. Heine. Singer. etc.<
A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new. $t:K>. 2S7 Geary st.
STEINWAY uprisht. left by private party".
$1G5: a great bargain. 2>7 Geary st.
YOU do not take any chances when buying
from ns. Our methods are well known to b«
open and above board. "Big barsains, not
big ad*." is cur rule. «.ll goods guaranteed
as repivsiy^d or no sale. Call and see large
assortment of new and uwd Instrument*
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO. 76D Marl
ke^st^ / __^
A FEW upright bargains from $70 up comprisl
Ing such makes a* Chlekering. Jacob*on
Vose. Sterling. Knabe. Fischer. Schwechten'
~W«-ser. Schuman and others: ea«y payment*'
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. \*i O'Karrell it "no
branches in San Francisco. *
BAROAIN— Standard make upright- iood r,™^
dltion. SCHMITZ & CO.. IB McAnu?er JT
L'nredeem^d storag- pianos and furniture diii
cheap. W hltehead'aJtora£e._163B Market it?
BEAUTIFUL 3-podal Steinway U^r'tehT"^™^
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.^'Var^u
_./^ — • j
Our granger frienti has found a watch
And thereat Is elated; ,
To find the owner let him act
In manner herein stated. ,
Inslrt a Want Ad in The Call •
r~: That tells about the ticker,
And mentions where it may be had
And that he'd like to dicker
As to the sum of the reward
That for it may be offered, .
Ere Ions he'll see the owner come
And a reward be proffered. fA fast game of water polo waa played
last night at Lurline . baths between two
teams plcxed from the Lurllne Swimming
Club. Although the score, 4 to 1, does not
seem close the game was one of the fast
est and best played at the baths for some
time. W. Harris captained a team to vic
tory consisting of W., P. Stockton, E.
Smith, H. Kennerson, O. Schultz, A.
Heinz and O. Harris. The losing team
was made up of W. Pomln, captain; H.
Seebach, G. Bray. W. Kelly, J. A. Jack
son, A. D. Schmidt and D. Dawson. A
game of. water polo will be played at Su
tro baths during the Bankers', convention
next month, between teams of the Lur
llne and Olympic clubs. It should prove
a good game, as the L-urllne Club men
have never been defeated, while the
Olympic Club possesses a number of ex
cellent swimmers.
Exciting Game of Water Polo.
Cleveland 6 13 0
Chicago 0 fi 1
Batteries — Stovall and Bemls; Patterson and
Sullivan.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BOSTON, Sept. 8.— Boston and Philadelphia
closed the National League season here to
day by splitting a double-header. Boston won
the first game. In the second game- Carney
was easy for Philadelphia. Attendance, 2300.
Score:
First game— R. H. .E.
Boston ¦ • 2 5 1
Philadelphia 0 4 3
Batteries — Malarkey and Moran; Mitchell
and Roth.
Second game — R. H. E.
Boston Jk^MMimu... 3 5 4
Philadelphia . 6 10 0
Batteries — Carney and Moran : Fraser and
Dooln. Umpire — Moran.
NEW YORK. Sept. 8. — The baseball season
at the Polo Grounds ended to-day with the
final game of the New York-Brooklyn series,
which resulted In a tie. tl.-J game being called
at the end of the eighth Inning on account of
darkness. Attendance, 21,600. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 4 7 1
Brooklyn 4 12 3
Batteries — Matthewson and Bowerman; Reldy
and Jacklltsch. Umpire — Hurst.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 8.— William** phenom
enal catch of Beaument's drive in the ninth
won the game for Chicago. Attendance, 240O.
Score:
B. . H. E.
Pittsburg 6 13 8
Chicago 7 10 ':'"¦' 2
Batteries— Pfelster and Smith: Lundgren,
Kling and Rohn. Umpire — Johnstone.
Crlzer.
CLEVELAND, Sept. 8. — Cleveland shut out
Chicago again to-day, the visitors being un
able to hit Stovall, the Pacific League pitcher
secured by Cleveland. The locals hit Patter
son hard. Attendance, 1700. Score:
H. H. E.
New York 13 0
Boston 0 3 1
Batteries — Deering and Seville ; Dineen and
NEW YORK AMERICANS
BEAT BOSTON PLAYERS
Stovall, the Former Pacific League
Pitcher, Puts Up Good Ball
for Cleveland.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, Seot. 8.— la a pitchers' bat
tle between Deerlng and Dineen the New
York Americans beat Boston to-day. The.
fielding was excellent on both sides, only one
mlsplay being made. Attendance, 1033. Score:
• R. H. E.
C. J. Lancaster will referee the race.
George E. Smith and Louis Sonnlksen are
the Judges, with P. J. Weniger and R. R.
l'Hommedieu as tlmer3. The windward
stakeboat will be the sloop Alice, under
command of Rollo Smith. The sloop
Emilie. under Frank A. Bartlett, will b«
the leeward stakeboat. :
The entries In the twenty-foot special
class are the yawl Kittlwake, the sloops
Ruby, Mistral, Dewey and Zada. In tha
twenty-flve foot class the entries are tha
fin-keel sloops Discovery and Neva. In
the yawl class the entries are Iola. Pil
grim, Gypsle and Royal. In the thirty
foot class the fleet sloops Presto. Aeolus).
Helen, Truant and Challenger will strive
for victory. The thirty-six footers are the
sloops Harpoon, Emma. Edna and Jessie
E. In the forty-four foot class the en
tries are the sloops Speedwell, Nixie and
Rover.
The eighth annual regatta of the> Pa
.ciflc Interclub Tacht Association will b«
sailed to-day over the channel course.
The yachts are divided into six classes,
the twenty-foot special class starting at
12 noon, the twenty-flve foot class at
12:10 p. m., the special yawl class at 12:20
p. m., the thirty-foot class at 12:30 p. m.,
the thirty-six foot class at 12:40 p. m. and
the forty-four foot class at 12:50 p. m.
The twenty-footers will sail over a «p«
clal course from Powell-street wharf to
and around the windward stakeboat and
back to the starting line, the distance be
ing estimated as five miles. The twenty
five footers and yawls will sail over tho
short course, estimated as ten nautical
miles. The thirty-footers, thlrty-slx foot
ers and forty-four footers will sail over
a course estimated as fourteen nautical
miles.
Are Entered in the Pacific
Interdub Races.
Twenty-Three White-Winged Craft
SWIFT YACHTS TO STABT
IN THE ANNUAL REGATTA
The consolation tournament was won in
clever fashion by Clarence Griffin, who
beat Alexander Beyfuss in the final. The
score was 7-5. 6-4. Griffin also beat James
Code, 7-5, 6-0. and Paul Jones. 6-1. 8-0.
Beyfuss won his two matches by default.
The tournament will be completed to
day. This morning the challenge match
in women's singles will be played. Miss
Florence Button, the tournament winner,
will meet Miss May Sutton, the champion,
at 10:30 o'clock. At 2:30 o'clock in the
afternoon Louis Freeman. the* Coast
champion in singles, will defend his title
against Alfonso Bell, the challenger. This
should be a great match.
The mMch was the most spectacular
and exciting of the meeting.
In the first set MacGavin was the star
of the four and the way he killed lobs
•was a revelation. He was weak on his
service, however, and, like his partner,
fell down at critical times. Smith was
not as steady as usual and his strokes
seemed to lack their usual force. Th»
score in favor of Bell and Freeman was
6-3. 6-4, 3-10. 6-2.
.Of the four contestants Bell probably
played the best game, his handling of lobs
being remarkable. Freeman seemed to
tire toward the end and netted many easy
balls.
Excitement ran high at San Rafael
yesterday when the championship tennis
match in men's doubles was in progress.
A. E. Bell and I*. R. Freeman (holders)
successfully defended their title against
Grant Smith and Drummond MacGavin
(challengers). It was the last hope of a
northern victory and the spectators dhi
their utmost to help the home players
win. The champions were steady whila
Smith and MacGavin seemed somewhat
off in their play. The losers did not
display- their form of . last . year, while
Freeman and Bell were probably stronger
than ever. .
MacGavin on the San Ra
fael Courts.
Bell and Freeman Defeat Smith and
TENNIS CHAMPIONS DEFEND
THEIR TITLE CLEVERLY
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1903.
13
. BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH&\
Birth," marriage and death notices sent by
mail will' not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either, of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with' the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
. BORN.
EHRENPFORT— In Alameda. August 24, 1903,
to. the wife • of Edward J. Ehrenpfort, a
• daughter.
HALL — In this city, September 2, 1903, to the
wife of Edson M. Hall, a son.
JACHENS — In this city, September' 8, 1903, to
the wife of Adolph Jachens, a son.
McKENNA— In this city. September '5, 1903,
to the wife of Matthew S. McKenna, a eon.
DIED.
..Bartels. Peter_H. Lynch. Aileen
Behlow, Christina Lyons, James H. •
Boimer, Daisy Al. McMurray, Margaret
Conway, John Matrala, Emma
Cunco, Joseph F. Mills, Mary A.
Dalby, Dr. Wm. T. Ohman, Gustave
Delainey. Elizabeth Power, William J.
During, Wllhelmlne Roonan, Patrick
Eaton, Helen A. Rosenfeld, Simon
Ferguson, Jamea P. Sheridan. Mary
Hartmanshenn, John Slmena, Franz
. Hlckok, William B. Smith. Henry
Keogh, Thomas J. Sturtevant, Charlotte
Law, Valentine Valente, Andrew O.
' Linkogel, Margaret ' Wiedero, Ella A.
BARTELS— In this city, September 7, 1903.
Peter H., beloved husband of Catherine Bar-
, tels, father, of Annie Bartels, uncle of Marie
, Fahrs. and • brother-in-law of John Jackson
j and John and Henry Brickwedel, a native
1 of Germany, aged 62 years 1 month and 11
days.
• CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Mission road, corner Prlnn street,
near county line. Interment strictly private.
BEHLOW— In this city, September — . 1003,
Christina Behlow, beloved mother of Wil-
liam and -Robert Behlow, Mrs. C. A. Wag-
ner and Mrs. Emlle John and the late
Charles J., Gustav and Emile Behlow. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 80 years 5 months
and 0 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late
residence, SOU Baker atreet. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cfemetery.
BOLMER — In this city. September 8. 1903. of
diphtheria, Daisy Mabel, beloved daughter
of Charles and Annie Holmer, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 10 months and
!• days.
CONWAY— In the City and County Hospital.
September 7, 1003. John Conway, a native
of Illinois, aged 42 years.
CUNEO — In this city, September 7, 1903. Jo-
seph F., dearly beloved son. of Mary and the
late Luigl Cuneo, and beloved brother of
Paul ai-d Mamie Cuneo, Mrs. Delia Fessler
and the late Charles J. Cuneo, a native of
Jackson, Amador County, aged 36 years 4
months and 18 days.
' ITTTrienda and acquaintances are respect-
funs' Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
September 10, 1903, at 10 o" clock, from his
late residence. 1900 Powell street, thence to
Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian Church, where
a solemn requiem mass -will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock, thence to Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DALBY — In Salt Lake City. September 7, 1903,
Dr. William T. Dalby, beloved husband of
Maude Rivea Dalby.
DELAINEY— In Oakland, 1 September 7. 1003.
Elizabeth Delainey, beloved mother of Jerry
Sanderson, "a native of Mobile. Ala.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
September 10. 1903, at 9 o'clock, from her
late residence. 765 Sixth street, thence to
the Church of the Immaculate Conception,
where a solemn high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary'a Cemetery, Oakland.
DURiNG— In this city. September 8. 1003,
Wllhelmjne During, beloved wife of H. Dur-
ing, a native of Germany, aged 35 years 7
months an<l 21 days.
EATON — In this city, September 5, 1903, Helen
A., beloved wife -of Dr. George L. Eaton, a
native of California, aged 20 years 7 months
and 9 days.
{E7"Funeral services to-day, at 1 o'clock,
at the chapel of N. Gray & Co.. 353 Sutter
street. Interment private. Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
FERGUSON— In this city. September 8. 1903.
at his residence, 2511 Baker street, Jamea
• P. Ferguson, aged 75 years.
ICT Services and interment private.
HARTMANSHENN— In this qlty, September 6,
1903, John, dearly beloved husband of Mary
E. Hartmanshenn, and devoted father of
Edward J., Fred C, Mildred and Myrtls
Hartmanshenn. a native of Germany, aged
49 years 7 months and 17 days. A member
of Verein Elntracht; Verein Elntracht
Schuetzen Section: Verein Elntracht Sing-
ing Section, and Verein Elntracht Turner
Section. .; .
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1512 Fifteenth etreet, near How-
ard, thence to Eintracht Hall, Twelfth
street, near Folsom, where services will be
held, commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric fu-
neral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
HICKOK — In this city, September 8, 1903,
William B. Hickok, beloved husband of the
late Sarah J. Hlckok. and father of Myron
B. and Lillian N. Hickok and Mrs. J. S.
Hanson, a native of New York, aged 73
years.
KEOGH— In this city, September 7, 1903..
Thomas J., beloved son of Mary and the late
Michael' Keogh,' and brother' of James R.
and Margaret B. Keogh, Mrs. M. T. Steph-
ens and Marie L. and the late John and
W. H. Keogh, a native of Toronto, Canada,
aged 44 years.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3454 Nineteenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LAW — Drowned, In this city, at Ocean Beach,
September 3. 1903, Valentine, beloved son of
Nora F. and the late Rev. Victor Marshall
Law, and brother of Marguerite and Flor-
ence Law, a native of Cedar Rapids, Iowa,
aged 20 years and 14 days. Body not re-
covered. A member of Sophomore Class.
UnlverMty of California.
E7 Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend memorial services
Wednesday, September 9, 1903. at 11 o'clock,
at Trinity Church, corner Gough and Bush
streets.
LINKOGEL— In this city, September 7, 1903,
Margaret, beloved wife of August Unkogtl,
a native of Liverpool, . England, aged . 42
years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to . attend the funeral Thurs-
day, September 10, at 2 o'clock, from
the parlors of McFadden, McBrearty <ns
Green. 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. .
LYNCH— In this city, September 6, 1003, at
her residence, 134 Collins street, near Geary,
Alleeh, beloved wife of the late Dennis
Lynch, and dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
J. Fredericks, Humphrey W., Michael I. and
Mary G. Lynch, Mrs. Louis Vien and Charles
V. Lynch, a native of Ireland, aged 67 years
9 months and 9 daya. (Boston and Newbury-
port, Mass., papers please copy.) .
IC^Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral W r ednes-
day, at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
. dence, 134 Collins street, thence to Hoiy
Cross Church, Eddy street, between Scott
and Devisadero, where a solemn requiem;
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
trment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LYONS— In this city, September 6, 1903, Jamea
H., dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth
Lyons, and father of Margaret, Mary, James,
Anna and Thomas Lyons and Mrs. George
Nicholas, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, aged 42 years.
(ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission
street, thence to St, Teresa's Church, where
a* solemn requiem mass • will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
fl:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
GOLDEN WEST Lodge No. 204, A. O. U. W.—
Officers and members and funeral committee
are notified to attend the funeral of our late
brother, James H. Lyons,, on Wednesday
morning, ¦ from 777 Mission street, at 8 :30
o'clock. • . .
THOMAS CUMMINS, Master Workman.
C. A. SHEA, Recorder.
McMURRAY— In this city, September 8, 1903,
Margaret McMurray. beloved sister of Brid-
get McMurray *and Mrs. Rose Humphreys of
San Francisco and Mary McMurray and Mrs.
John Kenny of Boston. Mass.. and most de-
voted aunt of Mrs. Eugene R. Bergst and
W. L. Brown, a native of County Lei trim,
Ireland.
lE^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resl-
• dence of her niece, 35 Oak Grove avenue,
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
' (Successors to. Flannagan & Gallagher.)
¦ DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL D1RECTORS.AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite. Lincoln School.
• Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
—Funeral Directors and Embalmers/
¦ Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
Now at 806 MISSION. . Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments af Moderate Rate3. -
I James McGinn. ' Henry Hansen.
¦ JAMES McGINN-ft CO., ' -
Formerly With McGinn Bros.,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.-—
214 Eddy at; Tel. 1 South 676. .
* rKBTR PltTKXTS — Con.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered in San
I ranclse© to en a good reliable piano cheap.
I^fore our removal we will Ba.-rince any in-
for cash or installments. Call or
T r 'A*^7 » -rl >nr '" ar<1 Umf •** onoo. KOHLER
- J At * r: - Established lST.O. :Vi OFarrell.
HAND ir.Mruraor.ts: r. Baswa.' Parts, auto.
mm, , an ' aJd ' AKt Pae - ClMl «- 2W OKarrell;
sk.nrm repairing; 2d-hand Instruments fold. I
IIUY dlrr-n from ihe ractory~ETid~Ea : . : e"50~per
-^-J-'^ 1^ 211 ' McAllister st. j
i>i /iV T ._m nt ' r " r Piano in city tor S3 per month. !
m OTT-CURTAZ^ PIANO CO.. T.CO Hayes st. j
6OHHSB, Byron Uaozjr piano*. < OedUaa piano I
- ! **«*'•* PTBQM MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
~iSw?25 v1oIln *. zither*. o]d~and~new^ H.
-il '-UJ!. maker, r.-pairer. ~ I^atham place.
i > »a\os axd~ob"c"axs!
PART of our list of bargains ia second-hand
ruano*. for September, 19U3 —
Original
1 & SONS- I>rlC<! - NOW -
Walnut case, medium sire. 7 1-3
K-taves, three pedals, raised caned
1'aruls. in pooj condition $300 $140
5 HICHMONIV-
Mahogany case, small *ize. raised
carved ranrle. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals. tllghUy usea. but in good
<ondition 3OO 175
I SPENCER—
walnut case, cabinet grand, en-
Fraved panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
octave*, good condition 323 ISO
; 3 HOWARDS—
Walnut cases, mrS'um sire. 7 1-3
octaves, three ;w?dals. mandolin at-
tachments, rood condition ; each.. 300 JS3
1 i!OU.EXHAlT.K & RACK —
«a!nut case, lerge elre. raised
carved panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
octave?, in wry «"k>4 condition... ZoO 190
1 NEWMAN BROS.—
Walnut case, larr* size upright,
• 1-3 rvtave*. thoroughly renovated.
equal to new 350 200
1 LVDTIIG & C°. —
Oak case. med"ium size, raised
caned panels, 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, good tone, in fine condition. S50 210
Complete list furr.ishea on application at
our etcre. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
<~arr:f-r Kcarny and .Sutter Pts.
OFFICES AND STOIU2S TO LET.
VALENCIA. 147S — Lerpe store; good /or gro-
<*ery. bakery or suitable for any business.
-• LOKTS TO LET.
LOFT to lease — C56 Mission Bt. Nff. corw«r
of Annie; light loft of 4000 cquare leet: pas-
senger and freight elevator service; will >¦*•
for a tenr; rent reasonable. SHAINWAX.D.
BTTCKHES & CO.. 21S-220 Montgomery at.
W.lr hur,i«'rr.
_ PEHSOXAL8.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and f.ubb* .-: ¦ . n. birthmarks,
emallpox | -lttlajrs and sears scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity cr
medicine*; special demonstrations this week.
Call or write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. :!71 Geary.
SPECIAL — Reduced for the month only, home
treatment that you can ui«e at your own
home, removing wrinkles, tan. freckles, leav-
ing skin ciear and emooth; to be had only at
my office. Call or write M. ELLA HAIIRIS,
7S1 OTarreli et.
THE £tnr Hair Remedy n store* pray hair, im-
proves It* gr- wth.s'ops fulling ,cure« dar.druJt
and itching scalp: no Ftaln or stickiness;
cleanses FcaJp; at druggists', hairdreseera' ;ac-
cept no eutetitute. Star RemedyCo..3S50eary.
TO Whom It May Concern— My wife, LIZZIE
REHQUATE, having left my bed and board.
1 will not bs responsible for any bills con-
tracted by her after this date. Septeml>er 7,
15*03. W. REHQUATE.
NOT how cheap, but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Ilapid Ilotary
¦Ftanfiard, the eewing-machine of to-<lay. J.
W. EVANS. Brent. 1C21 Market gt.
PHYSICIAN, 15 yeans' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
ad-lress Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutler ct. ; fee moderate.
WANTED — By a einpl? lady as companion in
err.all town, -. (rtrl between 7 and 1O years;
poci home, echool, etc. Address box 1729,
Call office.
HAir.LI-.ESSING in all branch's la-Jght; $5 for
2 weeks. Up-to-Pa;e Hatrdressir.g Parlors,
lC»o SIcrket et.. room 1, upstairs.
DAKCOCQ Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Funday evenlr.es at Teutonia Hail. Howard
Ft., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT \*m thar. ccst. uncalled for pults. overcosts
nnd Lryaeri, at CHAIiLES LYONS'. London
Taijor. 7'Jl Market Ft.
-I41J^ highest pries paid for ladles' or gents'
<-a«t~crr daCblnc a:,d all articles of value at
\\ 'EI.VBKIWS, 114A E:ll« *t.
LLEOA.VT rutla on eaay installments; 50 cents
ar.d up per «r«ek. LEON LEMOS. HIT
llarket et., between Eeresth arid Eighth.
ALL *t>Us hairJn-sfiriR 2.V-; hair go-xJs; mani-
curing. 25c. G. LEDEBEB. 123 Stockton at.
TAlLOn-MADE EUlt f 7 50; <3re-.-= pant* 12 50.
llitSt Clothing Pairtor. cor. liush and Dupont.
i-'-'i'ERFLUOUS hair &nd moles removed by
c£*ctrt£ ncedl*. Dr.AMra.Tlra.vwwe.UTO Mirkti
UASQUESAOB cotturr.fs. play bocks, wlfrs,
poa&tXT crter*. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 723 Mkt
.MJ-F.EDUM'S- ErypUaa Henna restores Cray
l:air to Its natural c< Wr; $1; at all druggists'.
J^.pernuou* hahr ari<? molts removed w;th elec-
trlc r.et-dle Mrs. & MIsp Eati n. 1113 Sutttr.
PALtfLSTHY.
KMH. DETAS — Scientific palmist and aytrolo-
Ki>t. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 tp 12 and
1 to 5. and Tuesday evenings. 133 Post st
H. JEROME FOSELLI. BrfentlHc palmist. 615
Taylor «rt.. near Geary- Phone Black 5€1.
VA PISH H 4 ft'CISO. I"AIMING. IITO.
11OOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
HirtEann Paint Co.. 319 Sd et. ;tel.Main 413.
PUVMCIAXS AND SlUGEOM
DR. C. C O'DOXNELL— Office and reticence,
1021^ Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, ekin and rectal diEeaees a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073'.4 Market et.
REMOVED- DR. TV0NG~HIM. herb doctor';
treats all disease* of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at CCi Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONQ PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor; cures all dis^a^es of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74G-8 Clay st.
FUOIOfALS.
PROPOSALS for cloth!r.g and equipage. Depot
<juartormaFter's oJflce. 26 New Montgomery
6U. «sa.n Francisco, Calif cmla. September 7,
1&03. — Sealed propoeaia in triplicate will be
received at thi* office until 10 a. m., Mon-
day. September 28. 1903. Pacine Standard
time, and then opened for furnishing at
el:her the Philadelphia. Boston, Chicago or
Fan Francisco depots, of 100.000 pairs woolen
stockings, seamless, heavy quality, conform-
ing In all respects to standards and specifica-
tions to be Been at this ofSce. I3iJdtrs sub-
mitting propoeals fcr stockings differing la
make from the established ttandard sample,
must pubmlt with their bids ,a fample stocking
ruch as they propose to furnish. Quantities
to be subject to an Increase of 20 per cent,
if desired 1 by the department. Ulds for the
»<-.::.•» articles will be opened fame time at
tr;e other depots above mentioned.
To avoid misunderstanding as to the exact
nature of the articles to be furnished, bidders
will carefully examine the standard samples
and epeclScatlens, eo that proposals may be
submitted by them with a full knowledge cf
what will be required, as an absolute com-
pliance with the standards and fpeciflcations
will be Insisted upon in the Inspection of the
poods. Unguaranteed bids, and bl(5« fcr d r -
llvery or inspection at other points i\zn thuse
named above will not bt c<-ri5'.rfe.--.-a. Karly
dfliverie* are essential. H.cJern must stale
In their proposals the rate and time of de-
livery «hould contract be awarded to them.
Preference wflQ be given to articles of do-
meFtfc production and manufacture, condl-
•.ior.s ot price and quality being equal (In-
c'.v.lii.g in the price of foreign production
ted mjinulacture the duty thereon), and such
preference will be given to articles cf Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced
on the Pacific Coaft to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United State* reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all propoeals or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for
proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals will be In-
dorsed "Proposals No. CR06." and addressed
to Major O. A. Devol. Quartermaster, U. S.
Army, Depot Quartermaster. . '
DIVIOEXO KOTICES.
AMERICAN Can Company. — At a meeting of
•.:.. Board of Directors of the American Can
Company, held September I. 1903. a dividend
cf two and one-half per cent was declared
upen the preferred stock, payable «o Septem-
ber 30 to ctockholdera of record at the dose
of business September IS. The transfer
books will be cio»ed as to the preferred stock
from September 16 to September 30. both
c- ¦¦: > inclusive. Checks will be mailed.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY. U. H. IS-
MON. Secretary. -.-j-j-
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
I-ar.v. Con A dividend. No. 67. of fifty
centr <50c) per share on the issued capital
• tocfc cf the company ha» been declared, pay- I
atol* at the office of the company rooma j
8C2. 204. 206 Hayward building San Fran-
citco, on September 10. 1903. Transfer booka
tXof Etnt. 3 at Boon. C. C Qa.cn. Secretary..
BEAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
G. II. UMBSEN * Mon^omery~sT~
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
A L'CTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of Investment, residence and unimproved prop-
erties will be 'held at our salesroom, Monday,
September 14. 1;kj:{, at 12 o'clock r.con.
MARIE TABOU ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
The following three properties must be sold
to close above estate. Subject to court con-
firmation:
* No. L
217 Vallejo st., bet. Battery and Sansome;
frame Improvements consist r>t 5 tenements;
rents $15 per month; lot 23xS0.
No. 2.
4G-50 Uausch St., bet. Howard and Folsom:
improvements consist of 5 front ll&ts and 2
rear flats; rents $72 per month; lot 25x112.
No. 3.
224-r, Shipley st.. north line. bet. 5th and
Cth; improvements consist of 4 tenements;
rent? $;i!t per month; lot 25x75.
MARGARET L. HENKY ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
24C4 MisFion et.. west line, bet. COth and
21st; 2-Ftory bay-window resldenc? of 8 rooms
and bath; lot 24x30. Splendid holding to re-
model. Subject to cenfirmaaien by court.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Greenwich et. north line. bet. Uaker and
Lyon: .1 desirable lots in good business block;
27:11x137:6 each.
HAYES .ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
CS1-3-8 Hayes f l. and 482-4 Linden ave.; 3-
Mory and basement building consists of store,
with 4 rocms and bath, large light basement, 2
modern flats above of 0 rooms and bath each
and 3 flats of 3-5 rooms each on Linden ave. ;
rents $15.'{ per month. All in rood order.
Bank mortgage of $12,000 at « per cent can
remain.
LARGE FACTORY SITE.
4ITi Fulton Ft., fouth line. bet. Gough and
Octavla; cholre large holding, with frame
building*, splendidly adapted for factory' Pur-
pose*; '.iStttxWl::?. with L 27:0i.CS:0 to Grove
et. ; two frontasei".
KEFEREE'S SALE.
NT\" cor. Sancher and Duncan i>ts. ; lot
£0x114. Subject to confirmation by Superior
Court.
TO CLOSE AX ESTATK.
11-13 Lexington ave., cast line, bet. Valencia
and Mission. 17th an-3 18th sts.; 2 flats. 4-5
rooms pa<-h;' r*»nts $30 per month: lot 2.1x50.
CHOICE WKSTEHN ADDITION LOTS.
Jackson St., tK-t. Cherry pt. and First ave.;
5 choice lots, level and ready for building;
27x1 25* e&ch.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
721 Brannan Ft., bet. Wh and 7th; improve-
ments consist of store and 3 flats. 6-3 rooms
each- rents Ml per month; lot 25x100.
<^LAIIA FT. INVESTMENT.
142-'i Clara St.. north line. bet. 4th and 5th;
3 tenements cf 4 rooms each; rents $25 per
month; lot 20xS0.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
to G. H. UMBSEN * CO..
20 Montgomery st.
LYON & HOAG.
116 Montgomery Street.
Send for our printed llrt of property for sale
In all sections of the city.
MISPION-ST. INVESTMENT.
fl0,500 — Mission st., close to Twenty-second;
large lot. *><>xl22:6. with good Improve-
ments, consisting of buildings contain-
ing store and flats above; also Improve-
ments in the rear.
GREAT BIG INTEREST.
54,K)O— P.er.t *."2; store and flats on Shipley
St.. near Sixth; good building, brick
foundation; new plumbing: always rent-
ed: can't be btat as a good, substantial,
interest-paying property.
S16.5OO— Rent $147 50; 3 new flats of 7, 8 and
8 rooms each; modern throughout; well
located: not far from the corner of Post
and Octavla Eta. '
SUTTEK-ST. INVESTMENT.
$40, 000— Rer.t J37.1; a swell apartment house,
containing 12 4-room apartments, with
bath each: this is undoubtedly one of
the very best Investment properties of-
fered for eale to-day; will always pay
eplendii! Interest; extra large lot.
A MISSION RESIDENCE.
•4,000— A 2-story bay-window house of 0
rooms and bath, with stable, on Nine-
teenth Ft., near Valencia: lot 25x100.
A FORECLOSURE SALE.
$2,200 — f*0O cash, balance in easy monthly
Installments: Sanchez Ft., near Twenty-
eighth; a 2-story building, containing
2 flats of 0 rooms and bath each; rent
|17; must be sold at once.
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
17,750 — Grove st.. near Buchanan; lot 26x120,
with 2 flats, rented for $50; lot has dou-
ble frontage and plenty of room for an-
other building on rear street; worth
more money.
OFARFtELL-ST. P.ESIDENCE.
$5,000— OFarrell St., near Buchanan ; lot 25x
90; with a good 2-story house of 8
rocms and bath; rent ?40; a good in-
vestment; land alone worth nearly the
price asked. .
FLATS CLOSE TO TOWN.
**.OOO— Polk *t.. near Vallejo; 2 good flats. 4
anil 5 rooms and bath each; rent $31; a
fine buy; good neighborhood; close to
town: hard to beat this.
GOOD WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
13,700— No. 00 Carl st., near Cole; new cot-
tag?; 4 rooms and bath: built one year:
rooms all large; brick foundation; high
basement.
$3,500— Fifteenth St.. near Howard: biggest
bargain on the market: splendid 6-room
and bath house; good location; low
price; must be sold at once; owner
leaving city.
TAKE YOUR WIFE AND FAMILY
TO MILL VALLEY ON SUNDAY.
And see the splendid lots we are offering
right at the station for $400; terms, 10 per
cent each, balance $10 monthly: large lots,
£0x125; the new electric trains are now run-
ning, the best service In the country; you
will have a pleasant outing and If you buy
a lot it will prove a . very profitable one.
Values are bound to.lncrease; agents on the
grounds Sundays.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
!~" =
i HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200 — Only graded lots fronting
i boulevard, ocean and park. Unobstructed
view from every lot. Fronting electric cars.
Don't miss this opportunity. Easy terms.
$60 to $250 — Near ocean and park— $5 monthly.
Oceanslde branch office on 49th ave. and K st.
OPEN SUNDAYS.
BELLING FAST — SEE THEM TO-DAY.
$500 to $1000 — New lots In Sunset Dlstrirt.
i Graded and sewered, near cars, $10 monthly.
! Sunset branch office on Oth ave., near H 6t.
i $150 to $200 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots
near Mission-st. electric cars — $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots, $10 monthly.
$1000 to $3500 — 4, 5 and 6 room modem cot-
tages, Sunset, Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. AH bargains!
Easy terms'.
SOL GETZ & SON. owners and dealers.
Room 54, Chronicle building.
i JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 MARKET ST.
' $10.000 — Western Addition; Income property; 3
flats, 6, 6. 7 rooms; annual Income $1140;
lot 25x106:3; good investment.
$$500 — Substantial building of 3 nice flats;
fine location; rents annually $942.
$2700 — House of 2 flats and attic; basement;
rear house; vicinity Mason and Filbert ets.
$3000 — Nice 5-room bay-window cottage, bath,
etc.; brick foundation; elegantly finished in-
• terlor: parquet floors; lot 25x114.
D. COFFIN & CO.. pioneer real estate agents
of the Mission, will sell you for $100 down
and $20 per month for cottage, 5 r. and b.,
at 2Cth and Caetro ets. ; $500 down and $25
per month for new cottage, 5 r. and b.. on
Precita ave. ; $1500 down for 2 new flats.
Army st. P. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission.
A BARGAIN— $4250; CORNER LOT. 2
FLATS; LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST.
SEE OWNER ON PREMISES.
HOUSE for Kale; near Lick School. "Utah Bt7,
near Mariposa: new 3-ftat house with 10
rooms and baths; fine, big bay-windows; a
little alteration in lower flat will make 3
more rooms: rent will bring $50 per month.
See owner on premises; $4750.
NEAT cottage with modern Improvements;
tfrms eame as paying rent. Apply owner,
lumber yard. S.E. corner Alabama and Mont-
calm streets.
A TWO-STORY house of 6 rooma and bath, gaa
and water; modern Improvements; grand ma-
rine view; on Sutro Heights, near Cliff
House. Apply 410 Forty-fifth ave.
FOR sale — Cottage of 7 rooms, bath. 27
Ford ft., bet. 17th and 18th; lot 25x114.
REAL ESTATE— Country — For Sale.
A DESIRABLE country home at Walnut Creek,
Contra Costa County. California; five lots, 50
xl4O each: house with 3 bedrooms, kitchen,
pantry, china closet, washrooms, bathroom,
etc.; hot and cold water in house; two wells,
windmill with 5000-gaUon tank; chicken-
hcuse. 5 varieties of grapes. 2 fig trees, 4
plums. 5 apples. 4 pears, 12 English walnuts
(bearing). 22 eofuhell almonds, 50 English
walnuts to graft this year, large variety of
flowers and nice lawn; barn holds 40 tona of
hay and G horses; price $4300.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
• 2123 Center gt.. Berkeley. Cal.
j ALFALFA lane's, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO. 648
Market eU i^-v - j
RRXIL^ ESTATE CITY* — FOR SAIJ3.
EASTON^^ELDRfDGir&^Car 77 " .
038 MARKET ST.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY, SEPTEJIUER^H5. 1003.
At Our Salesroom, <M8 Market St.,
At 12 o'clock noon.
RICHMOND RESIDENCE.
S line of 3d ave.. 75 ft. S of Lake st., being
No. 10C 3d ave.; a modern 2-story and full
basement dwelling, containing 7 spacious rooms
and porcelain bath; tiled sinks; iron fencing;
cement sidewalks: plumbing Al; small cash
payment, balance in monthly Installments; no
taxes or interest; do not fall to lnsi>ect this
magnificent property; Eddy-sU cars; get off
at 3d ave. w
RICHMOND FLATS.
S line of Lake st.. :t0 ft. W of 2d ave., being
No. 45 Lake St.; lot 25x102:6 ft.
ALSO
S line of Idke st., 65 ft E of 2d ave., and
being No. 3ft Lake Ft.; improvements consist of
4 flats of 5 rooms each, porcelain baths, tiling,
etc.: artistic iron fencing; patent concrete side-
walk: renting extremely low for $45 per month;
this property can be purchased with small cash
payment, balance easy terms; will be sold sep-
arately; Eddy-st. cars take you to the door.
MISSION COTTAGE.
S line of Hill st., bet. Sanchez and Noe; No.
44i» Hill St.; elegant new cottage; . modern in
every respect; 5 spacious rooms, porcelain bath;
fine high basement; property commands a mag-
nificent marine view: small cash payment, bal-
ance easy terms; Castro cars 1 block from
property.
MISSION HOME.
SE line of London st., 125 ft. NE of Brazil,
being No. 317 London St.; improvements con-
sist of a handsome 2-story dwelling of 5 rooms
and bath; modern In every respect; commands
a magnificent view; San Mateo and Mission st.
electric cars within 1 block or the property.
MISSION COTTAGE.
S line e>f Vulcan st., 28 ft. W of Juno, being
lot 2. block T. Park Lane Tract; handsome 4-
room and bath cottage; connected with sewer !
and water; Just finished and within 20 minutes'
ride from the Emporium: take Castro-st. car. j
• ALSO
N line of Vulcan st., 274 ft. S of Juno; block
U, lot 15. Park Lane Tract; new modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; revelation In archl- '.
tecture.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
W line of Devisadero st., 202 ft. N of Jack-
son; elegantly situated building lot in the best
portion of the Western Addition; flats erected
upon this magnificent property could be mad*
to realize a handsome revenue: lot 25x110 ft.
SACRAMENTO-ST. BUILDING LOT.
S line of Sacramento <=t.. 37:0 ft W of Spruce;
particularly desirable building site in an aris-
tocratic neighborhood: level and ready for
building; patent concrete Bidewalk; lot. 25x104:9
feet.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
5 line of 25th St.. 175 ft. W of Sanchez; ex-
tremely large lot, 29:6x114 ft.; No. 4023 25th
st • 2 elegantly situated flats of 5 rooms and
bath each; patent toilets; brick foundation;
modern plumbing; no water bills to pay. as
ther* Is a fine windmill. 2000-gallon water tank,
all In fine order, on the premises; rents very
low for $30 per month ; mortgage of $1300 can
remain.
For further particulars and catalogue,
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market st.
FOR sale— House 8 rms.; high basement; sunny
side 19th bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Unlon-sq. Mkt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
POINT RICHMOND HEAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. P.ELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHAXGB.
OWNER of choice Berkeley real estate would
like to exch'ange for tome in this city. Ad-
dress box 4148. Call ofnc*.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.'
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1416. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2000 — HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; near
Santa Fe R. R.
$2500^ — House of 5 rooms and bath; large lot.
$2500 — House of 6 rooms and bath; Telegraph
ave. • ¦ .
$2400 — House of C rooms and bath; runny aide
of street; near North Berkeley Station.
~"~ ~"~"~
$3000 — Bonnie little home near the hills; house
of 5 rooms and bath; lot 100x135.
$3500 — New house of 7 rooms and bath; near
the station; a thorough bargain.
$6500 — 6 acres of land with cottage house,
large barns; only 15 minutes' walk from
station.
$7000 — A new house of 8 rooms, furnace, etc;
fine corner lot.
$6500 — Here's a chance to make money; fine
corner lot, 135x100, and good house of 9
rooms; street work all done; only 2 blocks
from station.
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real EstaU,
Berkeley Station.
$4000 — 3 ACRES, near university; grandest
view In Berkeley. ,
$2400 — C-room cottage, near station, cars and
school: lovely location; lot 45x135.
$1COO— 6-room cottage; lot 40x100; short, dis-
tance to North Berkeley Station.
$2400 — 7-room house; stable, windmill and
tank; lot 40x135: a snap.
L. J. MORAN,
2131 Shattuck ave., Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 2BOADWAY.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
NEW. 6-room flat. $20; combination gas fix-
tures; open plumbing: patent door openers;
speaking tubes; sunny. 1723 Alcatraz ave ,
Lortn Station: key at 1721; take Berkeley
local.
OAJC^AJVD^FURXITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. Schellhaas. lllh st.,cor.store,Oaklnd.
Mill Valley Advertisements-
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
TAKE a trip to Mill Valley to-day with ;-our
wife and children. The ride on the boat to
Sausallto will be very pleaEant. Arriving at
Sausallto you take the new three-rail elec-
tric road (the only one on the Coast);
rides like a Pullman car and makes the
time to Mill Valley In nl.'>e minutes. You I
will enjoy the trip and the natural beauties
of Mill Valley. Incidentally we would like
to have you lock at the lots In Sunny-
side tract, which are right at the terminus
of the new electric road. These unequaled
traveling facilities are bound to add greatly
to the value of land in Mill Valley. You
cannot lose If you buy one or more lots
They now vary in price from $6 to $15 a
Joot, extra deep. Never will be less, and
In fact are bound to be worth more. Tha
terms are only 10 per cent down and bal-
ance in $10 monthly installments. Don't de-
lay this trip, as the lots are selling very
fast. Over 90 have already been sold
Prices will be advanced shortly. Call or
send for our Illustrated and descriptive book-
let. Agent on the grounds Sunday. LYON
6 HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. COttlngham. 204 Sutter at.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES^
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 720-
731 Howard at., near Third; phone Grant! 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Poat and Powell sts. ; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
COXKLIN'S atorage — Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st.: tel. Howard 041. F." W. ZehfUsa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore at.; phone Jackson 281,
BEKINS Vir. and Storage Co., II Montgomery
at.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN'" TYrawmTERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 530 California; telephone Main 260.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
. gomery at.
2D-HAND typewriters 'sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec Co., 209 Sanaome.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BAKTLETT, 413— Four large sunny rpoms; gas
and bath: unfurnished. <15. ' •
FOURTH, 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms, also
sinrle rooms. ¦ ¦
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nlshed. 1530 Polk st. „¦
HOWARD, 719'$— Housekeeping rooms, three;
t*o beds, respectable, no transients.
JESSIE, 333 — Sunny room, rurnlshed house-
keeplng; gas range, water; $10; gee thts,
IilNDEN ave.. .'524 — Nice, sunny, furnished
housekeeping rooms. . . -
OAK, 117— Sunny front suites. $9 to $14; gas
. range; hot bath, laundry; adults; single/ $5.
O'FARRELL. 274 — Two or Ulree housekeeping
rooms; all conveniences. ' -
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner of Geary — Sunny
rooms; running water; housekeeping; 1 per-
Fon $7. 2 persons $9. m
POST, COO— Front room, furnished for light
housekeeping; $3 per week. j-.
ST. JAMES McAllister and Laguna — Furnish-
ed sunny suite with separate sunny kitchen;
gas range; all complete for housekeeping;
$15 up. --
STOCKTON. 1206— Housekeeping; front, newly
furnished; $B to >12: phone, gas, bath; sunny.
A BRANCH ofQce for Call advertis-rr.ents and
tubecriptions has been established at- 1098
Vwl»nr)a >t.
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. and Unfarn.
A HANDSOMELY furnished, sunny bay-win-
dow room in private residence, 'four blocks
from Park entrance, and within easy walk-
Ing distance of Affiliated Colleges, $15; also
'arge unfurnished room with private en-
trance; gentlemen only. Address box 1705.
Call office. ¦'
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk st.— Strictly .. modern; 4-5
room apartments: fur, or unfur.- for hskpg.
BURNETT. 1426 Market — (old No/ 13&1) — Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 7S8 rear— Nice large sunny rooms; $6,
$7, $8 month.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor.. Mason— Elegantly
furnished EUnny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 837 — Nicely 'furnished front room; pri-
vate family.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
to $1 50 night; $2 to ?3 week; reading-room.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
60 Geary St.; phone Bush 880.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
JESSIE, 303, east U. S. Mint— Furnished
room. $5 per month; large one, 2 beds. $10.
JONES, 1004 — Do you want a comfortable
heme? Elegantly furnished, sunny front
room, two bay-windows, running water, large
. closet; breakfast served If desired; private
home. .. .
KEARNY, 229 — Sunny suite or single; rent rea-
sonable; telephone Black 4446.
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny front and back room",
suitable for gentleman; rent reasonable.
MISSION, 1619 — A large front, well-furnished
room to a *Ingle gentleman; two in family.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 SO; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— Front
sunny rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
Page C751. -
TAYLOR, 515B — Sunny single room; $6; bath;
large front room: piano; $17.
UNITED STATER, 123 Eddy st., near Market—
j 400 single. and family rooms; 85c to'$l night;
$1 75 to $0 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel; 44 3d st.. near Market
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
83c to $1 50 nlRhf, $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
ROOMS AKD BOARD. ~
STEVENSON Ma*nslo1Cl5oT7?aM ; o7rua St.— At-
tractlve and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Private boarding-house.
¦ home like, everything first class; suni.y
suites; single rooms; choice locality; ref.
ROOM and board, double, $5 per week; single
$6; parlor; bath;, phone. 806 McAllister Bt.
THE LAKE, 208 . Turk— Nicely furnished
rooms with board.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~~
NOTICE ie hereby given that the Transfer
Books fir ihe transfer of stock of The Bank
cf California will be closed September 15.
1003, at 8 o'clock p. m., and will reopen on
Friday, October 2, 1903. By order of the
Board of Directors.
¦ ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 3. 1003. .
DR. A. E. NEUMEISTER. Surgeon— Special
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver stom-
ach and bowels. 513-14 Starr King bldg
121 Geary »t. ; tel. Private Exchange 216.
STITTEIUXQ AKP STAMMERIXQ.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
MABBIAGE LICENSES^
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Henry Llndehlad, 36, city, and Minnie Em-
mlngton, 29, city. : -
Jacob D. Jones, 21, Greenwood, and Minnie
G. Wells, 21. Fort Bragg.
Ernest H. Long, 23, 1433 Stockton street,
and Clara Sagar, 18, 107 Turk street
Thomas Trainer. 40, Potrero, and Cassle
Porter, SO, U»3'-j Mission street.
Benjamin F. Lewis. .34, Dallas. Texas and
Lillie A. Cazzard, 30, Waco, Texas.
James M. Walker, 28, 500 Howard street
and Delia C. Perrenard, 20, 3269 Twenty-
fourth street.
John L. McLaughlln, CO, 1184 Mission street
and Olive White. 53, 859 Mission etreet
George E. Hieglns, 26, Monterey, and'Tlllle
Basfeldt. 24, city.
Earl L. Beeny, 21, Oakland, and Virginia R
Ledyard, 18, CDS Bush street.
Bert McAlplne, 30, 420 Eddy street ar-d
Mamie J. W. Vanderbeek, S3, 420 Eddy street.
George A. Rodgt>r*, 38, Sanger, and Edith
Helm, 2C, city.
William II. Simpson, 36, Rio Vista and
Margarete Klrby, 36, Rio Vista.
Jesse C. Martin Jr., 23, 710 Van Ness ave-
nue, and Ethel Stealey, 22, 2822 Van Ness ave.
John XV. Cramer, 29, Berkeley, and Emma
Bell, 29, Berkeley.
Arthur T. Hlggs, 24, Berkeley, and Catherine
Welton, 21, Berkeley.
Francisco J. de Azevedo, 28. 65 Jackson
street, and Maria E. Santo, 21, 65 Jackson st
Walter S. Hathaway, 43, Banning, and
Sarah A. Bole, 29, Portland, Or.
Caleb Levensaler, 21; 867 Guerrero street
and Ida E. Daly, 18, 900 Guerrero atreet '
George W. Hafner, 21, 024 Jackson 'street,
and May.L. Cunha, 18, »24 Jackson street.
Willard G. Flfield, 24. San Luis Obispo and
Agnes R. McCulIough, 22. 220 Shotwell etreet
Matthew P. Casey, 35, city, and Annie
Snow, 23, city.
Carl W. Thureson, 32, city, and Jubelina
Thureson, 31, city.
Giovanni Pao, 29, 18 Lapldge street and
Angela Bottarlnl. 21, 18 Lapldge street'
Jesse K. Brown, 24,- 2 Lily terrace, and
Lora Bush. 20, 810 Pine street.
Charles E. Schmltt, 30, city, and Ada Lid-
dlcoat, 23, city.
Joseph P. Angulo, 25, 1115 Powell street
and Maidely Mills, 25, 2S45 Broderick street.
Charles E. Llnde, 26, 649 Third street, and
Margie C. Fouts, 20, - b08 Valencia street.'
Lazar Friedmann, 31, 2557 Bush street and
Emma V. Mendelshohn, 24, 2100 O'Farrell st.
• Louis Mendelsohn. 27, Fowler, and Rose
Levy, 24, Sacramento.
Herman Bartley, 34. 4230 Twentieth street,
and Mary A. Byrne. 23, city.
William C. Behrmann, 34. 706 California
street, and Alice J. Browne. 25, 2117 Fillmore
George Clark, 25, 500 Howard street, and
Maggie Gorman, 19, 408 Valencia street.
William H. Cook, 37, 124 Ellis atreet, and
Sarah Gumaer, 34, 1204 Lake atreet.
William H. Pierce, 23, 1 McDermott place,
and Mamie Leonard. 20, 1036% Folsom etreet!
James F. Sanderson, 24, 1958 Howard street,
and Delia M. Swain. 19. San, Jose.
Adolph Hanson, 25, San Jose, and Maude
Thomas, 19. Sacramento. • •
Thomas E. Dlxon, 30, 1221 Mission street,
and Lillian Graham,. 21. city. -
."George H. -Upton. • 27, 030. Mariposa street,
and • Victoria H. Gllllspie, 23. 138 Mississippi.
Peter H. Rulffs. 38, 603 Hayes street, and
Meta Schmidt, 40, Frultvale.
Joseph R. Walters, 21, 21 Berry street,. and
Amy G. Matern. 18, 124 Third avenue.
'Joseph W. Patten, 23, .Palo Alto, and Fran-
ces I. Haslam, 21,>Oakdale. .
Abraham Stockett, 3t. 1137 Pacific street,
and Ida R. Barker, 32, 1515 Leavenworth sL
Charles T. Walker, 23. 317 Mississippi etreet,
and Mary E. -Davis, 21. 1501 Golden Gate ave.
Tomas Acosta, 27, 1624 Powell street, and
Hermlnla Ochoa, 19, 1405 Mason street. :¦*
¦ ...-¦¦¦ • ...
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketehikan. Juneau.
Haines. Skagway, etc..
Alaska— 11 a. m.. Sept. 13.
IS. 23. 28. Oct. 3. Chang*
• to company's steamers at Se~
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townstnd. Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Sept. 13.
18. 23. 28. Oct. 3. Change at Seattle to this
company's steamers for Alaska- and G. N. Ry. :
at Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m. Sept. 13 19, 25 Oct. 1; Corona, 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 10. 16, 22.' 28. Oct. 4.
For L09 Angeles (via Pore Loa Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harfont
(San Luis Obiapo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. S*pt 14. 22. 30. Oct. 8. •
Bonlta, 9 a, m.. Sept. 10. 19. 26. Oct. 4.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose dal
Cabo. Maaatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa . Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of eacfit
month. ¦ .
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or tall*
Ing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — ? New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street an4
Broadway wharf. ¦
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent,
' 10 Market atreet. San Franclacft,
O. /?. «B TV. CO.
"Columbia" sails Sept. 10. 20. So\ Oct. 10. 20,
30. "George W. Elder" sails Sept. 15. 23.
Oct. 5, 15. 25. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND, OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all ooints East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer ticke*s Include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at
11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pass. Dept.,
1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt.
Frt. Dept., 3 Montgomery st-
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m,, for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling; at Kobe (Hlogo).
Neganakl and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers -for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sal Una;
S. H. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
— nlla) Saturday September 19 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU .."..
Thursday. October 15 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU :.'..
Tuesday. November 10. 100T!
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First. .
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
oeeanics.sxo. g^swss
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, . Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Sept. 17. 2 p.m.
S S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11 a. m.
S.8 ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Sept. 26, 11 a.m.
4j'.l?IECmiin8J.O,l3tx.!kbt!ffia > e43Bartiia
intyttflca.323 SarbtSL.toSa. l.fv&lL
KOSMOS LINE.
SPLENDID S. S. LUXOR «500 T0X3
Carrying First and Second Class Passengers.
Sails Sept. 24. lirtXS, fcr London and Hamburg.
via Mexican. Central and South American ports.
Lowest Fares. Unequaled Service.
J D SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agent*.
643 Market at.. San Franctscoi,
COXPAGNIE GENI&ALE TSAN3ATLASTKJTIE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. •aaB«^B«F
North River. . foot of Morton st.
First-class to Havre. <7t> and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway ! (Hudson Building),
New York. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets* sold by al) Railroad Ticket Agents, j
Max* Island and Yailajo atwmtri.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 8 p. m- ex. Sunday. Bun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. BO cants. T«l.
Main 1508. Pier 2, Ml»!cn-»t, dock. HATCH
BROS.
thence to St. Rose' s Church, where a re-
! qulcm high mass will be cetebrated for the
repose of her «oul at 0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MATRAIA— Jn this city. September 7, 1903.
,Einnia Matrala (nee Smith), beloved wife of
Andrea Alatraia, a native of Hamburg. Ger-
many, aged 41 years. (Kansas City and Chi-
cago papers please copy.)
, ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully • invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, September 9. 1903, at 1 o'clock,
at her late residence, 2733 Franklin street.
Interment Italian Cemetery, San Mateo
County.
MILLS — In this city, September 6. 1WK5. Mary
A. Mills, beloved wife of H. V. Mills, loving
mother of Vivian Mills, and sister of John
E. and Thomas J. Behan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 32 years.
E^Interment private, to-day (Wednesday).
OHMAN — At «3a, on the steamship' James Dol-
lar. September B, 1SMW. Gustave Ohman. be-
loved husband of Charlotte Ohman. father of
Gustave Jr.. Arnold and Oscar Ohman. and
stepfather of Julius and Albert Miller, a na-
tive of Stockholm, Sweden, aged 53 years
and 9 months.
.. E7"Interment private, to-day (Wednesday).
Remains at the oarlors of the Gantner &
Guntz Undertaking Company. 1200 Mission
etreet. between Eighth and Ninth.
POWER— In this city, September S. 1903, Wil-
liam J.. beloved husband of Mary E. 'Power,
father of Katharine. Raymond, William and
Marie Power, and son-in-law of Mrs. C. Mc-
Manus of Nlcaslo. a native of Michigan,
aged 30 years and 8 months.
C7Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 23Vi Devisadero street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem high
nass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
ROONAN— In this city, September 7. 1903.
Patrick Roonan, a native of Ireland, aged
70 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the Chapel
of the Passion, attached to St. Mary's Hos-
pital, where a solemn requiem masa will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 7 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
- Cemetery, by train from Third and Town-
send streets at 11 o'clock. Remains at the
parlors of MeAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market atreet.
between Eighth and Ninth.
R.OSENFELD — In Sacramento. September 7.
1903. Simon Rosenfeld. father of Emma ami
Fannie Kosenfeld, a native of the City of
Pesth, Hungary.
• (t^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence, 300 J street, Sacramento. Inter-
ment , Jewish Cemetery.
SHERIDAN — In this city, September 7, 190G.
Mary, beloved wifa of the late John Sheri-
dan, mother of Jchn C, Joseph B. and Annie
Sheridan, Mrs. Mary Powell, Mrs. Lucy
Trelut, Mrs. Rose Farwell, Mrs. Agnes Carr
and Mra. Tessle Mitchell, and sister of Mn».
Hose O'Donnell and James and Delia Hagen,
a native of Brooklyn. N. Y., aged 64 years
8 months and 0 days. (Martinez. Cal.. and
Seattle. Wash., papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1433 Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
SIMENS— In Oakland. September 6. 1903.
Franz, beloved husband of Minna SImens.
father of Hugo and Arthur SImens. and
nephew of Johanna Lecante, a native of Ger-
many, aged 43 years and 2 months. A mem-
ber of Templar Lodge No. 17. I. O. O. F.;
Eureka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. S., and Ma-
chine Hands' Union.
ICTFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), from I. O. O. F. Hall, corner
Market and Seventh streets, where services
will be held under the auspices of Templar
Lodge No. 17. I. O. O. F., commencing at 10
o'clock. Remains at the parlors of H. F.
Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission etreet. between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SMITH— In this city, September 3, 1903. en-
tert-d into rest, Henry, beloved husband of
May Smith. »on of Edward Smith, and
brother of William E.. Walter and Mabel
Smith, a native of England, aged 27 years
and 9 months.
STURTEVANT— Entered Into rest. In Oak-
land. September 8. 1903, Charlotte Pomeroy.
beloved wife of Henry G. Sturtevant, and
mother of Cullen K. and Faith M. Sturte-
vant. a native of Vermont, aged 62 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, September 10. 1903. at 1:30
o'clock, at the First Congregational Church,
corner Twelfth and Clay streets. Oakland.
Interment private.
VALENTE— In this city. September 7, 1903.
Andrew G., dearly beloved son of Domenico
and Teresa Valente, and beloved brother of
G. B. and Amelia Valente. a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years 1 month and 11
days. .... •' ;
ICTFrlendz and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tu attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, U27 Greenwich street, between
Taylor and Jones. N. B. — At 9:30 o'clock
a requiem high masa will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at Sts. Peter and
Paul's Italian Church, corner Dupont and
Filbert streets. Interment New Italian
Cemetery. . ...."..
W1EDERO— In this city, September 8, 1903,
Ella A. Wledero, beloved daughter of the
late Oran I. and Adelia J. Case, and sister
of Wllmer S. and Eli G. Case, a native of
Ohio, aged 44 years 8 months and 14 days.
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
In Sebastopol, on the arrival of the 7:30
o'clock train from San Francisco. Inter-
ment at Sebastopol.
ST. DOMINICS Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased' members of St. Dominic' a Church
Building Association, and for parents and
relatives of living members, will be sung In
St. Dominic's Church Thursday, at 9 o'clock.Buy your watches at Lundy*s, 4 Third
street and 752 Market street. ¦•
Yanger looks fresh and healthy, hl3 en
forced rest apparently doing him much
good. He will settle down to training at
Sheehan's Beach Tavern on Saturday.
Yanger says this will be his last fight
at 130 pounds. Hereafter he will insist on
124 pounds' except in' case he can get a
match with Young Cortwtt, whom he is
anxious to meet.
Benny Yanger, the Chicago boxer who
is matched to fight Eddie Hanlon for the
second time in this city late in the pres
ent month, arrived here last night from
the East. He was accompanied by a
Mr. Pierce of St. Louis.
Benny Yanger Arrives.
Do not despair! Koenlgsteln's Red
Salve will cure your eczema after every
thing else has failed. . •
There will be an elaborate "display of
fireworks at the Chutes to-night In honor
of Admission day. The principal set
piece will be a bear flag entwined with
"Old Glory" over the' fiery numbers
"1S50." A pyrotechnic puzzle wheel and
kicking donkey will also be shown, the
aerial display will be particularly fine
and tile fireworks on and around ¦ the
Chutes lake will include many novelties.
Fireworks at the "Chutes.
Wells-Fargo gave us a big order. No price
asked. Mysell-Rolllns. 22 Clay, do good work. •
The executive board of the Outdoor Art
League held Its first meeting of the year
at the residence of Mrs. Lowell White last
Monday evening. It was announced that
an educational leaflet containing a his
tory of Telegraph Hill was In course of
preparation for distribution among the
school children of the city. The matter
of planting trees and otherwise improv
ing small city plats of- land such as tho
triangular lot at the junction of Market.
California and Drumm streets, was un
der discussion and will be the object of
immediate action by the league.
The committee on removal of telephone
and telegraph poles within the districts
where the Supervisors have ordered all
wires under ground Is to make a strong
effort to have the improvement extended.
OUTDOOR ART LEAGUE
HOLDS IMPORTANT MEETING
President Wheeler upon being requested
to impart his views on the subject said
there was no doubt as to the desirability
of the department proposed by Regent
Yorke. It would please a. large element.
"We give instruction In Slavic, we teach
Hebrew and Semitic, we give instruction*
In Sanscrit: it would be a good thing
for the university to have such a depart
ment," he said.
The subject was referred to the finance
committee In accordance with the rules
as amended, and at the request of Regent
Yorke.
Regent Peter C. Yorke moved that a
department for instruction In the Celtic
language be established at the university
and that the salary of the instructor be
fixed at $1000 per year. He spoke of the
work that had been done by the Ger
mans In this line of philology during the
past seventy-five years. He remarked
that men of science recognized the im
portance of the work, and said that Ox
ford. Cambridge, Harvard. Yale. Johns
Hopkins and the Berlin universities had
established. departments of Celtic. In or
der to meet objections which might arise
regarding means at hand to defray the
cost. Regent Yorke suggested that the
position of instructor be not filled at pres
ent.
Regent McEnerney seconded Regent
Yorke's motion.
Regent McEnerney called up a proposed
amendment to the rules presented at a
previous meeting. The amendment, which
was adopted, provides that money can
not be expended without recommendation
of the finance committee unless the rules
be suspended.
Resolved. That- th^ president of the univer
sity and the committee. on the medical status
of the university, or the remaining members
thereof, he requested to prepare and makj| to
this board at its October meeting a full r^.ort
of the present conditions of the medical de
partment of the university and any recom
mendation they may have to make concerning
Its future conduct.
Regent McEnerney Introduced the fol
lowing resolution, which was adopted aft
er spirited discussion:
MEDICAX DEPARTMENT.
the house and certain lands was obvious.
"The cost of maintaining the property Is
great. The deficit exceeds $1SOO a year.
Hereafter we will have an Income of $3000
a year, exclusive of the profits of the
Bear Gulch "Water Company."
The new deed conveys back to Cora
Jane Flood the house and 325 acres of
land. The Regents retain 214 acres of
upland, a half interest in 2400 acres of
marsh land and the stock of the Bear
Gulch Water Company. The report of
the committee was adopted. Regent Budd
voted against concurrence. Regent Mc-
Enerney was excused from voting.
Regent Slack wanted to know all about
the sociecy,' its purposes, policies and as-
The- finance committee reported in fa
vor of accepting the offer, of the Society
of the Golden Bear to build a hall on the
university grounds, to be known as Senior
Hall. The Golden Bears agree to expend
$3000 in the construction of the hall. They
propo3e, also, to maintain it and ask the
use of one small room. .
Regent Tausslg believed that the board
would make a great mistake if it allowed
this' or any other, society to erect a build
ing on the nuiversity grounds. '
Regent Dohrmann explained the action
of the committee, maintaining that the
offer f,rom the Golden Bear Society was
a clean gift, without any strings,
GOLDEN BEAB ON THE BOAED.
. It Is recommended that Edward H. Hageman
be appointed assistant in cheese-making at
$100 a month for November and December.
1003, and .that ' Edward H. Zimmerman be ap
pointed assistant in butter-making at $100 a
month ¦ for. October, November and December,
J0C3. Mr. Hageman and Mr. Zimmerman will
teach in. the. short course in dairying which
will be in progress from October 6 to Decem
ber 17. ' The compensation will come from the
dairy fund.
• , It ¦ Is (recommended that George Spencer be
appointed menhahlc in the department of mln-
Inp from Seotember 1, 1B03, with a salary at
tlie rate of $1000 per annum.
I ,It Is recommended that Herbert H. Powell
be appointed "Emanu-El fellow in Semitic lan-
SuaE*s at $500 per annum from September 1,
1903," '-.¦"'
; The thanks of the board were voted to
Mrs. Hearst. E. A. Denlcke, Dr. M. Herz
steiiv Miss Annie M. Alexander and W.
R.- Hearst.
PUTNAM'S HANDSOME SALARY.
The salary of Frederic W. Putnam, pro
fessor'.of anthropology, was fixed at j$50O
per month. Mrs. Hearst pays the salary
and provides $47,000 for the department.
The recommendations embodied In the
president's report were adopted.
It is recommended that Dr. Burt L. New
kirk be appointed Watson assistant in astron
omy without salary from the university. His
compensation g will be provided by the Watson
trustees, and he will be engaged In research
as to the orbits of the Watson asteroids.
. It Is recommended that LeRoy Burns Smith.
A. B., be appointed reader In education for the
present academic year at $250.
; It Ib recommended that William H. Matlock
be appointed assistant in German at $500 per
annum. . . .
It is recommended that it. S. Holway, A. B.,
be appointed Instructor ¦ In. education for the
first half of the present academic year at $450
for that Deriod.
It is recommended that Dr. Eugene Irving
McCormac be appointed instructor In American
history at $1000 per annum, to succeed Assist
ant Professor Kendrick C. Babcock, who has
resigned to become president of the University
of Arizona.
It is recommended that Orrln Kip McMur
nrm> B ,', LU B " " he a PP° ln ted assistant
proies3or of law at a salary of $1400 per
annum Mr. McMurray graduated from the
University of California in 1S9O. tnd In ls;)3
from the Hastings College of Law.
It 1h recommended to -fill the vacancy In a
lectureship in taw caused by Mr. McMurray"s
change of title that Frtd G. Dorety be appoint
ed lecturer in law at "$350.
It is recommended, as Lloyd Baldwin lec
turer in law. is to give two courses during tho
present year Instead of one, in order to fill
the vacancy caused by W. B. Bosley's absence
on leave that his salary as lecturer In Ia"w
be made ?,t0 instead of $350
It is recommended that Warren T. Clarke
be appointed assistant superintendent of uni
i' e o?J> ty extens ion In agriculture at the rate of
?1200 per annum, his appointment to date from
October 1, 190'i. His salary will be paid from
the State appropriation for the support of
farmers" institutes.
Museum and curator of the department of
anthropology of the American Museum of
Natural History of New York. Professor Put
nam i s a graduate of Harvard of the class
or isui; he received his degree of A. M. from
>\ illiams Jn 1S68. and of Sc. D. from the
University of Pennsylvania In ttO4. He was
appointed director of the Peabody Museum In
lt>W; from 1873 to 1888 he- was permanent sec
retary of the American '-Association for* the
Advancement of Science. - *nd In 1S08 he was
elected its president.. He was Massachusetts'
Commissioner of Inland Fisheries from 18S2
to 18S1». At the World's Columbian Expo
sition in 181W he was chief of the department
of anthropology. He has been decorated by
the trench Government with the cress of the
legion of Honor and he Is a member of many
American and forelsn learned societies.
_ It Is recommended that Thomas Walker
Page, professor of political science in the
university of Texas, be appointed associate
professor of mediaeval history, with salary 1
at the rate of > 4 J500 per annum, appointment
to date from January 1, 19O4. Professor Page
returns to the University of California after
two years in Texas, havinsr resigned his as
sistant professorship of history and economics
in the University of California to head a de
partment in the University of Texas.
It Is recommended that a year's leave of
?J^? n( L e without !'ay, to date from July 1,
1WJ. be granted to Assistant Professor George
II Uoke of the department of jurisprudence.
III health has made It necessary for Professor
Uo.:e to *ive up his university work for the
present year.
•Judge Slack said that the report of the
committee was the result ot many con
sultations. "The deed of gift requires us
to supply water for fifty years, but we
get the water frorn^ the Bear Gulch Com
pany, the stock of which Is chiefly owned
by the university." lie observed fur
ther that tho wisdom of accepting Miss
Flood's generous offer to pay J150.000 for
Regent Charles W. Slack, from the
committee on Flood endowment, report
ed in favor of deeding back to Miss Flood
the house in San'Mateo County and alsp
certain lands in consideration of the offer
from her of $150,000 in gold coin. The
original gift from her contained a provis
ion that the Regents should supply
water for fifty years to irrigate the park
and gardens. The. quantity of water to
be furnished is estimated at 24,000,000 gal
lons a year. The deed of trust agreed
upon yesterday provides that the water
must be supplied by the Regents until
1948.
After further discussion the board ac
cepted the: proposition of -the Golden
Bears' by a vote of 13 ayes to 6 noes.
FLOOD ENDOWMENT.
pirations. In the course of the discussion
the fact was elicited that Regent Charles
S. Wheeler was a Golden Bear, and he
was prevailed upon to state some of the
objects of the society and to tell whether
it was an open organization or a secret
exclusive society. Mr. Wheeler as a'brand
new Golden Bear, and an honorary one at
that, was impelled by a sense of delicacy
to limit his utterances concerning the
scope and purposes of the organization to
a simple declaration that it was com
posed of men who had given positive
proof of their loyalty to the university.
Responding to inquiries he said it was not
a college secret society, but admitted that
it was in one sense secret. He did not
care to explain the particular phase of
secrecy.
"The murdered child was evidently
taken up on the hill by some one living
In another part of the city, for none of
the Italian residents of that quarter
would be likely to have in their possession
a newspaper from an Eastern city. The
address of Hon. J. K. Jones on the Buf
falo paper would seem to Indicate that
the guilty party was from the Kast, if
not from Washington, Ark., itself. My
belief that some stranger stopping In the
city did the deed is strengthened by the
fact that the place on Telegraph Hill
was such an unusual one to choose for
the disposal of the child's boiy that no
one but a stranger would be likely to
climb away up there to hide the evidence
of guilt."
Diligent search of all the lodging-houses
and hotels in the vicinity failed to reveal
the names of any person or persons from
Arkansas who were making their' home
in the immediate neighborhood. The po
lice have acknowledged themselves baf
iled and so the tiny bit of humanity,
murdered within a few hours of its first
breath, will have to be burled In the pot
ter's field, with its grave unmarked and
its slayer unpunished.
DETECTIVE'S THEORY.
The terrified boys summoned Mrs. Ryan
of 3 Calhoun street. Mrs. Lawson of 22G^£
Green street and Mrs. Bennenudi of 22S
Green street to view their erewsome find
and then dispatched Nathan Ftrrioggiaro,
a companion, to notify the Morgue of
ficials. After the tiny body of the infant
had been removed to the Morgue Dr.
Baclgalupl, autopsy surgeon, performed
a post-mortem examination and declared
that the babe had \ come to its death
through strangulation. He gave it as
his opinion that the child had been born
without medical attendance and that It
had not been dead more than a day.
Upon the report of the surgeon De
tective Reynolds was immediately dis
patched on the case. After working on
the detail for several hours the detective
acknowledged that he had absolutely no
clew and that unless some unforeseen cir
cumstance arose the case would probably
remain shrouded in mystery. • He said:
BABE IS 'STRANGLED.
It was shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday
afternoon that two youths, William Nel
son of 1257 Montgomery street and Oscar
Kunet of 292 Union street, while strolling
through the narrow lot bounded by Green
and Calhoun streets and the brink of Gray
Bros.' quarry, spied a bundle of papers,
roughly tied with string. Unrolling a
sheet of yellow wrapping paper, a copy
of a loqal daily of the date of July 26
and the Buffalo sheet, they were horrified
to find the perfectly developed body of
a male Infant curled ud within the Inner
wrappings. A common cotton siring was
bound about its neck tightlv enough to
arouse the suspicion that the child had
been strangled to death.
Lpon one of the newspaper wrappings
about the body of the babe, the Buffalo
i^7, Cn !u B Tlmes of Wednesday. August 19,
1903, there is a printed mailing slip bear
ing the legend: "Hon. J. K. Jones. Wash
ington, Ark.— Evening Bulletin." How the
private paper of a man who is now sit
ting in the Senate of the United States
could ccme to be used aa the shroud of
a murdered infant found on tho brink of
a quarry in San Francisco is one of the
secrets of crime which will probably re
main forever locked from the eves of the
police.
There lies on a slab at the Mcrsrue a
tiny boy baby, who was murdered ' when
scarce he had seen the light of day. "A
knotted cotton string about the inno
cent's throat tells the tale of the cruel
hands which robbed it of life, hardly
before- its blue eyes could smile upon the
lace of the woman who gave it birth.
Once murdered the hapless babe was
bundled Into a parcel of old newspapers
and cast away In a vacant lot 'away up
on Telegraph Hill.
Newspaper of Senator Makes
; Shroud for Nameless
Murdered Baba Found
on Bitek of Precipice
CHARLES E. SNOOK ELECTED
ATTORNEY OF THE REGENTS
NATURAL PARK
ON TAMALPAIS
House and Certain Lands at Menlo Park Deeded Back
to Miss Flood-Steps Taken to Establish Chair of
Celtic Language at the University o£ California
Efforts to Have the
Mountain Made For
est Reserve.
Forestry Association Is Ac
tively Booming the New
Movement.
The only business transacted by the
Board of Supervisors yesterday was the
acceptance of the invitation of the La
gunitas Country Club and the Tamalpais
Forestry Association to attend a meeting
and barbecue on September 12 at 3:30
o'clock, the gathering being in behalf of
a movement to secure a natural park
imd forest reserve on Mount Tamalpais.
W. Kent addressed the board. He
stated that addresses will be made by Da
vid Starr Jordan, GifTcrd Pinchot, chief
of the United States Bureau of Forestry,
and Mayor Schmitz. On motion of Su
pervisor Booth the clerk was directed to
communicate with each Supervisor, urg
ing him to attend the meeting.
Police Commissioners.
The charjros against Patrolman John
Davids brought by li. McDonald, an in
surance man, were dismissed by the
Police Commissioners last evening.
Ijavids was accused of ha\'ir:g permitted
chairs to remain in the aisle of a. theater.
The defense proved the excellent charac
ter of the officer and his innocence In
the matter and it required but a short
deliberation on the part of the commis
sioners to exonerate him. The case of
Patrolman Archie Hamill. charged with
reporting late for. duty, and visiting im
proper places, was continued one "week,
as was the case of Patrolman Paul E.
Carew. who, it is said, did not pay a
grocery bill. Patrolman Joseph Fell was
tined $5 for reporting late for duty and
Patrolman Thomas Rourke was exoner
ated on a charge of making an Illegal
anest.
It Is recommended that Frederic Ward Put
nam be appointed professor of anthropology
and director of the museum of anthropology.
The salary of the chair will be provided by
Mrs. Hearst. Dr. Putnam Is now professor
of American archaeology and ethnology In
Harvard University, curator of the Peabody
Mrs. Hearst has increased her recent gift of
IIC00 to the Lick Observatory to* $2500; she
has given $»:00 to defray expenses in connec
tion , with the department ¦ or education and
$.300 toward the improvement of salaries in
the department of mining. A vote of thanks.
' The' new cDen-air Urfeek "Theater, built by
the Eenercaity o! William R. Hearst, will be
dedicated on Thursday. September Mi. There
will be appropriate addresses and the students
will present scenes from Aristophanes" comedy,
••The Birds," in the original Greek. The
dramatic festival arranged for the dedication
of the theater will be continued the follow
ing week by the presentation of Racine's
"Phedre." 'in the original French, and of
"Twelfth Night" under the direction of Ben
Greet.
For Snook — Resents Anderson. Flsk. Kirk,
Rush, Taussip, Britton, Budd,' Earl, Elllnwood,
McEnerney, McKinley, Rowell, Yorke — 13. „.
The chair announced the election of
Mr. Snook.
REPORT OF THE PRESIDENT.
President Wheeler presented an elab
orate'report. In substance as follows":
For OIney — Regents C. S. Wheeler, Hearst
and President Wheeler — 3.
Concert in the Park.
The Park Band will give a £Tand. con
cert at Golden Gate Park this afternoon.
The programme will be as follows:
PART I.
'¦Star-Spangled Banner."
March. '•Golden Bear" Xirk Brown
Overture, •'Morn'.niir. Xoon and Night". ..£upi>«
¦\Valtzes. "Symphla" Holtzman
<a> Indian Characteristic. "The Sun
Dance" Friedman
tb) Intermezzo, "Laughing Water Hager
"Grand American Fantasia" .. .Victor Herbert
PART II.
March. "The American Citizen 1 '. E. E. Schmitz
t£l Valse, "Lento- Amoureuse" Derger
it) Oriental serenade, "The t?tar
Dreamer" Theo Hendix
Pf-lectlon from "The Chtperonaf' I. Witmark
Paraphrase on •"Ix>relly" Nesvadba
"RfminiHcenc-eu o' Verdi" Godfrey
"America."
The San Francisco Eye
It almost constantly irritated by wlr.d
and mlneral-lader: dust; inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
j:r&.nu:ated eyelids. —re the results.
iHLKINK EYK KKilEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
:: iikrs weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murir.e at 50 cents. •
CLEVELAND. Sept. 8. — A receiver was to
day appointed for the United States Cereal
Company a New Jersey corporation, capital
iz..<3 at $125,000,000.
AT the meeting of the regents of
the University of California at
Mark Hopkins Institute yesterday
afternoon Governor George C.
Pardee presided. Charles E.
Snook was elected attorney of the board
to succeed Major J. B. Mhoon. A portion
of the Flood property at Menlo Park was
deeded back to Miss Flood in considera
tion oi the sum. of $150,000. On motion of
Regent Peter C. Yorke Initial steps were
taken for the establishment of a depart
ment of Celtic language ?.t the university.
Regents responding to the roll call yes
terday were A. W. Foster. Dr. C. N. El
llnwood. Garret McEnerney, John E.
Budd, Julius Taussig. C. S. Wheeler.
Thomas J. Kirk, J. »\V. McKinley, Lieu
tenant Governor Alden Anderson, F. W.
Dohrmann, J. B. Relnstcin, Speaker Ar
thur G. Flsk. Guy C. Earl, Dr. Chester
Rowell. Charles \V. Slack. Peter C.
Yorke. J. E. Britton. Phoebe Hearst, R.
C. Rush, president of State Agricultural
Society, and Dr. Benjamin I. Wheeler,
president of the university.
MAJOR MHOON'S RESIGNATION.
The special order immediately after the
reading of the minutes was a motjon
made by Regent Budd at a. previous
meeting that the resignation of Attorney
J. B. Mhoon be accented.
Regent Reinstcin spoke of the long and
efficient service of Major Mhoon. He
moved that the resignation be not ac
cepted, but thdt Major Mhoon and his
law partner, O^good Putnam, be retained
as counsel. Mention was made of the
Major's thirty years' service as counsel
of the regents and also of the fact that
Mr. Putnam had performed the duties of
attorney for the past five years.
Regent Budd raised the point that Mr.
Reinstoin's motion w?.s out of order and
the chair sustained the point.
Regent McEnerney indorsed all that
was said in commendation of Major
Mhoon, but in view of the Major's long
absence from the State he was compelled
to vote for the acceptance of the resig
nation. It was with great reluctance,
however, that he voted to terminate the
public service of the oldest employe of
the board; ¦
The motion to accept prevailed— ayes
IS. noes 2. Regents voting in the negative
were Reinsteln and Slack. Regent Brit
ton moved that the board proceed to the
election of an attorney. The motion was
carried without dissent.
Nominations being in order. Mr. Brit
ton named Charles E^ Snook as a man
capable of filling the place. He- re
marked that Mr. Snook had filled honored
positions of trust. There was no stain on
his character. He possessed youth, am
bition and ability.
Regent Charles S. Wheeler nominated
Warren OIney Jr. He spoke of tho at
tainments of Mr. OIney. remarking that
he was a graduate of the University of
California and of the Harvard Law
School.
Regent Reinstein presented the name of
Osgood Putnam, who had acted as coun
sel of the board for five years. The vote
was recorded as follows:
For Putnam — Regents Dohrmann, Foster,
Reinsteln and Slack — i.
INNOCENT'S LIFE
IS SNUFFED OUT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1903.
NEW ATTORNEY FOR THE
BOARD OF REGENTS OF
STATE UNIVERSITY. .
14
ADVEBTISEMENTS. [
S\irt-B\iriv
Mosquito and Insect Bites, Prickly '
Heat, Oak Poisoning and Hives cured
quickly by the prompt application of
This harmless^Germicide
allays inflammation and cures by
killing the germs that cause the
trouble. Hydrozone is a standard
medical preparation, universally
used and endorsed by the medical
profession.
At all leading druggists, or trial size
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
See my signature on bottle.
X^ ' A '
61.0 Prince St., New York
; ; : -,.; / Booklet on request.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We Invite the public to inspect our elegant New
Stock of LACE CURTAINS. These are in Irish
Point, Battenberg, Arabian, Colonial and Madras
Net We have also received a new importation of
Lace Tidies, Center Pieces, Scarfs, Squares and Bed
Sets, in both Antique, Cluny and Battenberg Lace.
SPECIALS.
White and Ecru LACE CURTAINS, In Saxonu, Madras
and Colonial Nets, fast edges and new designs.
$3.00 Pair.
ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS, Both-' single and douDle
borders, 3}4 yards long,
$5.00 and $6.00 Pair.
IRISH POINT LACE CURTAINS, In fioth cream and
white, all new patterns.
$5.00, $5.50 and $6.00 Pair.
BATTENBERG LACE CURTAINS, pure white, 3# yards
long. ¦
$5.00 to $16.00 Pair.
A splendid assortment of NEW BEDROOM CURTAINS,
in Ruffled Net, Swiss and Tamfiourei.
$1.25 to $3.50 Pair.
3STOTB.
We have still on hand ahout 50 pairs FINE WHITE
.BLANKETS, size 80 inches wide hu 92 Inches long.
Price
$7.5O Pair.
rormer Price $10.50 Fair.
Samples of Our New Fall Goods Forwarded
Free to Any Address.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
WE HAVE GROWN WITH GALIFORNIA^GROWTH TO THIS ADMISSION DAY
I, IS OUR RECORD OF SALES.
The greatest Carpet Display in San Francisco.
(Yesterday was our greatest day, and we are going to
make this our greatest week — our week of specials
Iin our special line. :
{BRUSSELS MATTINGS
In richest of colors— Floral, Oriental £ Mattings that have always been sold at 25c a 1
and Persian design. By the yard, AC/* yard, now selling in these special ** —
sewed, lined and laid Uk/C 20-yard rolls— not laid— by the f^T QC §
roll ' *- j^»^—^-*^ • ~J m B B
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS LINOLEUM
Cashmere; floral design on blue ground; wood- 2 yards wide, made of the best pulverized
colored scroll on tan ground. Every • cork and linseed oil; damp-proof and _
harmony in carpet patterns. By the Ofls* durable; for the week, LINOLEUM, h*Zs%
yard, sewed, lined and laid ; 7W laid,. per square yard . . Tt D V
i All. Goods Advertised Sunday Are Srycial for the Week
Store Closed To-Day
But Don't Forget Thursday, the Carpet Day
V M liJwLnSPiI«?H^,H M \." 23 3 : 235-237 POST ST. j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ A FRESH SKIN I
U For half a century Helskell's Ointment 1 1
H has been used by careful mothers every- |J
B where (or purifying and preserving the ¦
B skin in beauty. Hetskell's Ointment B
B cVres red, rough skin. Pimptes. Blotches, fc
g Burns, Scalds, Tetter. Erysipelas. Salt II
I Rheum. Scald Head. Itch. Ringworm, tj
I Ulcers. Sore Nose, Sore Eyelids. H
I HEISKELL'S I
i ll Ointment IJ
P cools all Irritation: makes the skin b*aa- B
H tlfully fair and smooth. Heiskell's Soap I
§3 and Heiskell's Ointment make a complete H
Eg treatment and sure cure for any 3ktn I
it trouble. At druggists', soap. Z3c: olnt- tj
D ment. SOc Send for book of testl- fo
I JOHNSTON. HOLLOWAY & CO. I
tL ¦ l ...JVi??!i ade>P *l l M«iii M n JF
TO BE GIVEN AWAY
i ¦
Just out! Our magnificent supcr-
,hard, extra loud Columbia cylinder
records. A single sample absolutely
free to every talking machine user,
whether graphophone or phono-
graph. Give us" type and make of
your machine and receive a sample
record absolutely free. This offer
good for 30 days only, to introduce
the new product.
Columbia Phonograph Go.
125 Geary Street, San Francises.
. 468 13th Sireat. Oakland.
i/U. X. HESS, i
Notary Pnbllc and Attorney-at-iaw.
Tenth Floor. Rcom 1015. Clans Sprcckels blda.
Telephone Main 0&;.
; Residence. 821 California «t.. below FowalL
1 Residence Telephone James 1501.THE CALL
CALIFORNIA'S NATAL DAYnative of the island of Majorca, born
November 24, 1713. Becoming a friar at
the age of 16. he was soon widely known
on account of his brilliant rhetorical
powers. Besides being a fervent worker,
Serra was in his earlier years a decided
flagellant, often emphasizing his exhor
tations by burning himself with a candle,
beating his breast with chains cr bruising
himself with a heavy stone. Of a tender
heart, an Iron will and untiring zeal, be
was the man In a thousand to conduct
the march of civilization in California.
Having come to Mexico in 1749, Father
SeYra was ready to answer the call of
destiny when In 1767 he was appointed to
take charge of the missionary field of
Alta California.
God's Faithful Steward,
Priest and Pioneer,
Junipero Serra.
y»«ITH Loreta In Baja California,
ii) a a the starting point, two expe
*^^ dltions by land and two
by sea Were dispatched to San
Miguel, the s site of the present city of
San Diego. The ship San Carlos sailed
from Cape Saint Lucas on January 11,
1769, and after a disastrous voyage of
three and a half months, reached her
destination. The ship San Antonio, though
It started a month later than the San
Carlos, reached San Miguel on April 11,
1769, thus marking the date of the first
colonization of California. The two land
expeditions, over one of which Serra waa
in command, reached their destination in
safety in the following months and the
first California settlement was started
with a full complement of half a hundred
soldiers and friars.
No sooner had Serra arrived than he
immediately started the mission of San
Diego. Directly afterward Captain Por
tala, Friars Crespi and Gomez and a
small party of colonists and friendly In
dians started out to locate the famous
harbor of Monterey, which had been lost
to tha ken of man for a century. By
some mishap, however, Portala and his
party passed Monterey Bay without rec
ognizing it. They traveled as far north
as Point San Pedro and then, on the first
day of November, 1769, a party which
had left the main camp to follow some
deer over the low sandhills, returned
open-mouthed to camp with the report
that they had discovered a great open
sea,- stretching north and south as far
as the eye could reach and surrounded
by Interminable lines of mountains. • Thus
it was that San Francisco Bay, after
eluding the vigilant eyes of adventurous
mariners for two hundred years, became
Old Prints Tell the Tale of Incidents in Our Early History.
the Nova Albion of Drake was not in the
harbor of San Francisco.
Sebastian Vlscayno, commissioned by
the Viceroy of Spain in 1602, undertook to
find a sunken treasure galleon from Ma
nila which had been reported as lost on
the California coast. He too sailed past
San Francisco Bay unawares and re
turned to Mexico with a glowing account
of the harbor of Monterey. Strange as it
may seem, Monterey Bay then became the
special object of quest for the Spanish In
Mexico, but for 166 years after Vlscayno
left its waters it was never again found
by the searching mariners.
For more than the space of a century
the history of California now became a
blank. Sundry cursory and fruitless ef
forts at the discovery of a northwest
passage to Asia were made by Spanish
viceroys up to the year 1688, when all ac
tivity ceased. It fell to the lot of that
father of California explorers, Father
Junlpero Serra, to do yeoman work In
the civilization of our great State. The
work of civilizing the Indians of Baja
California was carried on faithfully by
the Jesuit order under Fathers Kuhn and
Salvatierra, backed by the active support
of the Spanish viceroys, until 1776, when
the captious Charles III of Spain expelled
the order and gave over their missions to
the Franciscan monks.
Of this order was Junlpero Serra, a
A remarkable and romantic event oc
curred at about the same time as Jlmi
nez" discovery, which shows the terrors
and awful hardships which were under
gone by these restless pioneers of discov
ery. According to the quaint old chroni
cles of the Jesuit Father Miguel Venegas,
four Spaniards. Alvar Nunez, Cabcza de
Vaca, Castillo, Dorantes and a negro
named Estevanclo, dragged themselves
into Cullacan, on the Gulf of California,
in the year 1537 with a terrible story on
their lips. They were the sqle survivors
of the band of 300 under the command of
Pamfilo Navaraez, which had undertaken
the conquest of Florida in 1527. For ten
years they had wandered through the
deserts of the great Southwest, leaving
their dead companions one by one to rot
in their heavy armor on the burning
sands'and in the bleak mountains. Only
a few years ago the bleached bones of
men, encased in Spanish armor, • were
found in a cave in New Mexico. Could
these have been a- part of Navaraez'
luckless adventurers?
Through a subsequent voyage of Cap
tain Francisco de Ulloa In 1539, California
received its name. The cause for Ulloa's
christening the new land by this name
has been the object of much antiquarian
wrangling, but Dr. Edward Everett Hale
has given as the most probable sponsor
for the name, a mythical land In a Span
ish romance of the time — "Sergas of Es
planadian," which was peopled by demons
and griffins innumerable and called the
Island of California.
Out of the many abortive explorations
and tragic voyages of the time, that of
Mendoza proved to be a typical Spanish
taskmaster and drove his crew to
desperation by his cruelties. Under
the leadership of one Fortuno Jime
nez, the pilot of the vessel, the
crew mutinied, murdered Mendoza
and sailed northward on a private buc
caneering expedition under the command
of the doughty Jimenez. The adventur
ous pilot went as far north as what is
now called the Bay of La Paz, on the
western coast of Lower California, about
100 miles north of Cape St. Lucas. There
the party landed. They were attacked
by hostile Indians, Jimenez and most of
his fellows were killed and only a rem
nant survived to carry the news of the
discovery to Cortez. Thus was California
discovered by a mutineer and pirate who
paid for his adventure with his life.
the other boat a momentous occurrence
took place, which resulted In the discov
ery of California.
Ing. All civil and military power* wer*
united under the single hand of the com
andante. He was appointed and re
moved at will by the Viceroy of Mexico.
Under the balmy skies of distant Cali
fornia It was a dream life which waa
lived In those days. The earth gave of
her Increase. The Increasing stream of
settlers from Mexico brought with them,
the happy, careless manana spirit of old
Spam. Arcadia was born again. But on
the fair horizon the clouds of future tur
moil began to gather with tne dawn of
the nineteenth century.
Scarcely had the noise of the American
Revolution on the other side of the con
tinent penetrated to far-distant, dreaming
California, when the Inquisitive American
himself began, to slip down from the
lofty Sierras to worry the snuffy old com
andantes with their ubiquitous spying
and prying.
The dreaded Columbia did not trouble
Comandante Arguello. however, for she
kept on to the Columbia River and tnere
laid the seeds for future contention with
Great Britain.
The Russians also began to become a
menace about this time. The French
traveler De Mofras mentions In his
memoires the appearance In San Francisco
in May, 1307, of one. Von Resanoff, Cham
berlain of the Emperor of Russia, who
came with an eye to establishing com
mercial relations between Russia and the
l province. The Russians, however, entered
the so-called peninsula of California with*
out even asking permission of the Spanish.
In 1S12 they had come dawn from tha
north and established themselves at- tb«
port of Bodega In a colony of ZOO.
This colony of fishermen and trappers
greatly worried the Spanish Inhabitants
of California. They feared the Incursion
of a foreign people and an opposing re-'
llglon. It threatened the utter overthrow
of their arcadian existence. It was a men
ace to the possession of a new world.
Accordingly when the home government
could not be aroused to enter a protest tha
padres took It upon themselves to carry
the war Into the enemy's country. They
crossed the bay and founded the mission
of San Rafael In 1819 and that of San
Francisco Solano at Sonoma In 1S23. At
Fort Ross the Russian* had erected a
church. The spectacle of the Greek and
Roman crosses flashing defiance across a
few miles of intervening territory was
one of the oddities of old California. The
rival dogmas had met In a new land, each
having encircled the globe In opposite di
rections.
Gathering Storm Clouds
Cast Shadow of War
and Conquest
STJT the swift movement of succeed
ing events soon brought to Spain
a trouble far greater than the
threatened danger to her religion.
The fires of revolt were started
in her colonies of South America
and one by one they lysgan to fall away
from the mother country. California, re
maining stanch to the throne. In the
year 1818 was made to feel the first throes
of years of Impending rebellion and dis
order. The newly emancipated republic
of Buencs Ayres sent one Captain Hip
polyte Bouchard, in command of a priva
teering force, to compel the submission of
Alta California. The renegade French
roan attacked and reduced to surrender
the capital city of Monterey, causing Gov
ernor de Sola to retreat Inland. After
burning the presidio, Bouchard sailed
away and California was for a time free.
The news of the successful liberal up
rising of 1S20 in Spain soon after fired all
Mexico to emulate the example and under
the leadership of Iturblde, Mexico pro
claimed its freedom in February, 1X3.
Iturblde assumed the title first of Regent
and later, In the intoxication of new
found power, that of Emperor.
Almost immediately he called upon Gov
ernor de Sola of Alta California to recog
nize the Independent government of Mex
ico as his liege. The greatly puzzled Gov
ernor therefore called a junta of the four
comandantes of the presidios and of
Father Payras, representing the missions,
to meet in Monterey on April 9. • A deputa
tion from Mexico completed the personnel
of this, the first legislative gathering in
California. Its object was soon accom
plished, for after a brief session. It recog
nized the new government and all the offi
cers took the oath of office as members
of the Department of Alta California of
the Empire ¦ of Mexico.
Onl> one more step was needed to make
the department a living part of the Em
pire of Mexico. On November 9. a com
missioner from Iturbide assembled as a
legislative assembly the individuals who
had attended the junta in April. Ex-Gov
ernor de Sola was chosen Deputy to the
Mexican Cortes and Captain Luis Ar
guello, a native Californian, was elected
first Mexican Governor of the new Mexi
can territory., / ; .^*:'%
Settled in a country which needed but
the touch of man to cause it to
blossom like a garden, the mission
fathers were • the first to discover
the hidden, wealth - of agriculture,
which was so grossly overlooked in
the frantic days of gold to follow.
The olive 'and the vine, brought
from Mexico In the holds of ships, yielded
fruit an hundred fold. From the hardy
droves of cattle and herds of sheep driven
up from the arid plains of the south there
sprung the thousands 'of cloven hoofs
which were to make the ranges rich
abodes of cattle kings In the splendid
days before the argonauts came. • It was
the missions which laid the first founda
tions of California's future greatness.
The civil government of the province
had its foundations in the presidios or
military encampments situated usually
hard by the missions. These rude forts
were under the rule of the commandante,
who was responsible alone to the Gov
ernor of the Province of California. Con
stitution or charter were absolutely lack-
this despotic course the missions
A% gradually began to gather about
•^¦^ithem a steadily growing community,
closely knit and an excellent unit for the
groundwork of a vast government. The
mission fathers rarely abused their power
and worked steadily and surely for the
advancement of church and state.
jj brief survey of the work which
£J* was done by the missions and
**&' their mode of government will
serve to give an Idea of the part played
by them In the history of our State.
Wherever a mission waa founded there
the Indians would flock in great numbers.
And right barren soil did these low-lived
aborigine* offer for the spiritual seed
which the mission fathers sought to Im
plant therein. By far the mental and
physical Inferiors of the plains Indians or
the Moquls, Navajos and Pueblos of the
Southwest, the California Indians were
little higher In the human scale than tha
Bushmen of Africa or aborigines of Aus
tralia. They lived on Insects, roots and
nuts; they recognized no bonds of mar
riage or family ties; they knew no arts
save the rude crafts of the stone age.
Filthy In habits, sluggish of Intellect, sub-.
Jecta of loathsome diseases, the Califor
nia Indian was the lowest of his kind—
little better than the brutes.
Recognizing the character of the crea
tures ' with whom they had to deal, the
padres mapped out their government for
them accordingly. The Indian was made
to give his body as well as his soul Into
the safe keeping of the ecclesiastical mas
ters. They were given adobe huts to
live in and furnished a regular supply
of food from the mission granaries and
gardens. They were given spiritual edu
cation. Here their benefits ceased. The
mission Indian could not own any prop
erty. He was forbidden to till any soil
save that of the mission, and this act
was made compulsory. No choice was
given- him in the selection of his place
of dwelling, in the care of his children
or the disposition of his leisure hours. He
was bound by a wisely forged chain to
the center of civilization which owned his
life and soul.
Orcadian Dream Idyls
Found Again in Old
Spanish Days.
Known to the Christian world.
Monterey Bay was finally located by a
land expedition and a sea exploration
party In May of the following year and
on June S the Mission of Ban Carlos and
tha presidio of Monterey were established
by the Indefatigable Father Junlpero.
With such enthusiasm were .the reports
of the** successes received by the Span
ish authorities In Mexico that funds and
men were Immediately supplied for the
founding of new missions. By 1773 new
centers of civilization had been established
at San Antonio, San Gabriel, Ban Luis
Obispo, San Juan Caplstrano and San
Francisco.
While Serra was In Mexico In consulta
tion with the Viceroy In 1774 the ship San
Carlos had been sent up to Investigate
Ban Francisco Bay with the view of
establishing a mission thereon. In the
month of June, 1775, this first vessel to
pass through the Golden Gate made a
thorough Investigation of the bay and
Its arms and returned to report to Father
Berra In glowing terms upon the great
body of water locked within the chain of
the hills. As a result the lengthening
arm of the church was stretched out to
th« great bay and on March 22, 1776, the
site of Mission Dolores was determined
upon and the settlement of San Fran
cisco commenced.
Padres' Wise Provision
For Wants of Their '
Indian Flocks.
In 1522 the first expedition fitted out by
Cortez left Zacatula In Its search for
Asian waters, but it was swallowed up in
the great oblivion somewhere In the Gulf
of California or along the barren coast of
Baja or Lower California. Not a sur
vivor returned to tell the spot where the
bleaching bones of the hardy explorers
lay. The next year two other ships, un
der the command of Hernando Grijalva
and Diego Becerra de Mendoza, were
dispatched by Cortei to learn the fate of
the former expedition and. If possible, ac
complish the mission from which the
other ill fated vessels had never returned.
Grijalva gave up and returned, but on
their antennae, then racing away, doub
ling and turning on their tracks, never
satisfied, but always scrambling on to
new inches yet undiscovered, eo the early
voyagers were ever on the search for new
fields to conquer. In their blind groping
they Etumbled on California by acci
dent.
mm y PON this, our fifty-third anni-
M I versa ry of the admission of Cali-
M^y fornla into the sisterhood of
States, it is emlne-ntly fitting
that we should pause for a
backward look down the vistas of the
years gone by to catch a glimpse of the
long and romantic chain of events which
binds us of the present day to the dim
past. Even now we see before us the
promise that California, the western pil
lar of the continent, has a wonderful des
tiny stretching out before it. Before we
venture to read the Sibylline books too
closely we should know the heroic epic
ef the brave days which have passed;
we should hear the story of the dim
tfays of forgotten centuries when Cali
fornia first emerged cut of the darkness
cf cblivion to play Its part on the world's
great stage.
Ours Is a history which sings. Homer
with his epic lyre never recited to beard
ed king a tale of heroes in an heroic age
which rang with more narrative thrill
than does the story of California. Like
the Odyssey cur tale of adventure has
for Its setting the flower-clad hills, the
rolling, somber mountains, the boundless
blue eea. Our Jason and the Argonauts
sought the golden fleece In the granite
heart of the mountains. Our Ulysses was
& sturdy Englishman in casque and
buckler, who drove his pirate ship In er
rant course up and down the coast In
vain search for a channel as mythical as
the ell-clrcllng Oceanus of the heroic
Greeks. The voyages of adventurers, the
eweet pastoral life of holy monks, the
wild stampede of thousands, drunk with
the greed of gold, the reign of murder and
the final triumph of law and order, work-
Ing for the upbuilding of an empire—
these are the cantos of our great epic—
the epic cf California-
Few but scholars know that the original
title to the possession of California came
from the hand of a Pope In Rome and
that our ultimate right to the land we
live on Is found in the last Instance In a
Papal bull, duly stamped and sealed with
the fisherman's ring. None other than
Alexander VI, father of the disreputable
Lucrezla and Caesar Borgia, made the
award of the title to California which has
come to us through the hands of Span
lards and Mexicans.
Previous to the voyage of Columbus in
1402 the Portuguese, under the benign In
fluence of their prince, Henry the Naviga
tor, had rounded the southern cape of
Africa and discovered the Azores Islands,
when Columbus, calling under the patron
age of the court of Spain, made his me
morable discoveries in the West Indies.
Portugal claimed that the lands touched
at by the three historic ships of the great
navigator belonged to the crown of Its
prince by right of the previous discovery
of the Azores. The disputants referred
the contention to His Holiness, Alexander
VI for settlement.
Since In those days no Henry VIII had
yet arisen to defy the temporal power of
God's vicar on earth, the ruler at Rome
could unmake kings at a breath and
change the map at a scratch of the pen.
8o Alexander eat Cown and di
vided the world as he would cut
a pie. Of course it was to his
mind a Cat world which he was parti
tioning, so he drew on the imperfect map
of the time an arbitrary line of longitude
one hundred leagues west of the Azores.
All lands from that line west to the edge
of the world were to be forever in the
STip of Spain; Portugal must satisfy her
eelf with the possession of all discovered
or discoverable lands east of this papal
meridian. Thus on Hay 3, 1493, did a
Pope, long since mouldering in some arch
way of St. Peter's, make over into the
eternal keeping of the crown of Spain the
land we are living upon. For 410 years,
therefore, our land has been, legally at
least, in the possession of the white race.
Terrors of Unknown Sea
Daunt Not Intrepid
Adventurers.
the possession of an undls-
M M J covered half of the world theirs
*^^ on the pledge of a Pope, the
Spaniards were not . long In prose
cuting their ingenious scheme of
winning the souls of the heathen for God
and the riches of the same benighted peo
ple for themselves. With the butcheries
of Plzarro in Peru and Cortez In Mexico
the history of California is not concerned.
Our country begins to appear on the
et&gre of the great world drama in the
early part of the sixteenth century, when
Hernando Cortez, having established a
colony on the west coast of Mexico, Zaca
tula by name, was fitting out the expe
dition which was to discover California.
Like all of the early voyagers, Cortez
Imagined that the Mexican country was
distinct In itself, but yet a part of the
great continent of Asia. He believed that
a lone strait divided Mexico from India
and teat by lollowlng the western coast
line he could either discover this strait or
map out a new and remarkable route to
the far-famed Cathay of Marco Polo's
talcs. As all of the rest of the early ex
plorers, Cortez did not know that ha was
©n a continent which was to prove of far
rreater value than any air line route from
Bpain to the Orient. Like ants running
hurriedly over a strange boulder, stop
ping for a second to explore a cook with
TUB next name in the history of
California's explorers ia that of
the rare old courtier, buc
caneer and gentleman of England,
Sir Francis Drake. Not the least
among the romantic deeds of this
man waa his voyage of discovery, which
resulted In his coming perilously near to
the discovery of San Francisco Bay. In
the year 1577 the gallant captain sailed
up the Mexican coast, sacking towns as
he passed, until he was caught In the grip
of adverse winds and carried far to the
north out of his course. Sighting some
lofty white cliffs In the latitude of 83
degrees, Drake made a landing In the bay
which now bears his name, a few miles
to the north of the Golden Gate. From
the description of the cliffs In his chron
icles of the voyage and from the fact that
no mention was made of a magnificent
harbor, such as he surely would have
noted had he entered San Francisco Bay,
th« deduction Is nearly authoritative that
Juan Rodriguez Cabrilfo claims for rtself
the success of having located the out
lines of California's coast. On the 27th
of June, 1542. he sailed from the port of
Navidad. He first entered San Diego Bay
which he named San Miguel. After pay-
Ing a visit to the Santa Catalina islands,
he continued northward, through Santa
Barbara channel, until he entered the bay
of Monterey. Pressing still northward,
he passed the outlet of San Francisco
Bay without seeing it and went as far
north as Cape Mendoclno, which, accord-
Ing to the chronicles of the Monk Vene
gas, he named in honor of the Viceroy
of 6paln, Mendoza. Returning to Mex
ico, Cabrlllo announced in glowing phrase
the discovery of the magnificent harbor
of Monterey, which he said would hold
all the navies of Spain.
Sir Francis Drake, Bold
Pirate and Voyager,
Claims Coast.
TBB SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBBB P v 1903.
EPIC OF CALIFORNIA
PROLOGUE
16ranch, the most northerly settlement, only
to learn that Fremont was a week's travel
ahead of him.
Spurring on into the wilderness with his
precious messages, Giliespie and his little
band pushed into the wilderness at the
head of the valley. But here hostile In
dians beean to close on them and the
handful of brave men were forced to stop
and entrench themselves. Two of tae
bravest, Neal and Slgler, volunteered to
Blip through the Indians' lir.es a d con
vey the news of the little partyjs peril to
Fremont, who couldn't be far ahead. They
did so' after forty-eight hours in the sad
dle without a taste of food
Fremont, with fourteen men, raced
back to Gillesple's camp, reaching there
in the nick of time. Within three hours
of their arrival the Indians closed in on
the white men and were repulsed only
after a fierce -struggle, in which two of
Fremont's men were killed. But Gilles
ple's message from Washington was de
livered, and although its Import can only
be guessed at, Fremont set off at top
speed for the settlements in California.
Events now moved with a rush. To Fre
mont, encamped the • Maryavilie
Buttes, the rumor * 3 brought that Gen
eral Castro had Issued an edict condemn-
Ing to destruction all Americans Cali
fornia unless they quit the country. It
was even said that Castro was advancing
to attack Fremont with 300 armed and
mounted men. , Panic spread throughout
the thinly settled country. An Ameri
cans for 150 miles- about, fearing for their
lives, began to collect at'Fremont's camp.
Events proved that ' t~e rumors were
groundless, but the iron was hot and the
blow, was struck.
Bear Flag Triumphantly
Waves Over Mexican
Fort at Sonoma. ,,
y* ROM a Mexican woman's babble to
ri her husband the news reached Fre
•* . mont's camp that a certain Cali
fornlan, Lieutenant Arce, was driving
a band of horses from the Interior
to Castro's headquarters . In the Santa.
Clara Valley. Fired by some unknown
impulse, the result, doubtless, of the
war spirit which was rife, fourteen
young men rode and Inter
cepted Arce, captured his band of horses
agd returned with them to Fremont. The
Bear Flag revolution was begun.
Fiercely burned the spirit of revolt. On
the morning , of June 12, fifteen men, in
cluding the number who had engaged in
the raid on the horses and under the
command of "Stuttering" Merritt, drove
post haste, to Sonoma, the residence of
General Mariano Vallejo. By the time
the Bear Flag Independents arrived at
Sonoma at midnight of June 14. their
company had swelled in numbers to
thirty-two. Merritt, leader of the party,
and Dr. Semple of Sacramento were dele
gated to wake up the comandante. Gen
eral Vallejo, and tell him that he was
under arrest. With Vallejo, his brother,
Salvador, Victor Prudon, and an Ameri
can, Jacob P. Leese, son-in-law of Gen
eral Vallejo, were also captured In this
somewhat unromantic fashion.
The prisoners were sent off to Butter's
Fort and the revolting settlers proceeded
to take possession. They were now
both horse thieves and revolutionists;
they had stolen government property and
captured a government official; plainly It
was expedient to create themselves into
a government.
Forthwith a . somewhat grandiloquent
declaration of Independence from the
hand of one, William B. Ide, the self-ap
pointed leader of the Independents, was
announced. Then by the clumsy hand" of
men rv no rigurea rrominentiy in tne Conquest of Cslifornta.
TiJT EANWHILE a fortuitous, some
/n^ even claim a skillfully planned,
•* ' succor was brought to Fremont
and the Independents in the form
of the arrival of Commodore S'.oat
of the United States navy in Mon
terey Bay on the second day of
July. Acting on the orders of Secre
tary of the Navy Bancroft, Sloat had
stationed himself at Mazatlan to await
the news of the declaration of war be
tween the United States and Mexico, with
the understanding that upon that event
he was to sail immediately for Califor
nia and hoist the flag at her«capital. The
undoubted intention of England was to
await the same event and then declare
California under British protection.. To
that end Admiral Seymour of the British
Pacific squadron was stationed at Mazat
lan also, in the man-of-war Collingwood.
Like rival hounds straining at the
leash to be first at the prey, the two com
manders lay at anchor In the southern
port ready for the race to the waters of
California. On May 13 war was declared
and Secretary Bancroft sped a message
to Commodore Sloat. On June 8 Sloat
received the message and was away, with
the English admiral after him. On July
7 he raised the Stars and Stripes at Mon
terey just after Seymour had dropped
anchor in the same bay. The race and
undoubtedly the country was therefore
lost by England.
Swiftly but surely the comparatively
bloodless conquest of California waa
now undertaken. Owing to ill-health
Commodore Sloat resigned the command
to Commodore Robert F. Stockton, who
had come into Monterey on the frigate
Congress. To him Fremont reported with
his riflemen and ex-Independents and by
Stockton was created major of the band,
which was known as the California Bat
talion. Stockton abandoned the project
entertained by Sloat of making terms
with Pico and Castro and determined to
'compel their surrender by force of arms.
the California Republic on Olompail field.
After an Ineffectual pursuit of General
de la Torre, Fremont satisfied himself
with executing Jose Berryessa and Ra
mon and Francisco de Haro, three al
leged spies, and returned to his camp on
the Sacramento River.
Starry Banner Unfurled
and War of Conquest
Is Commenced.
But sentiment In the United States soon
suffered a serious change. In 2S44 Louis
Philippe, then King of France, published
a programme for converting Mexico and
her Calif ornias into an empire, either di
rectly under French control or subject to
French influence. He urged this measure.
"This Republic- (meaning the United
States) should have limits. The present
occasion does not require me to say
where these limits should be found on
the north and south: but westward we
can speak without reserve, and the ridges
of the Rocky Mountains may be named
without offense as presenting a conven
ient, natural and everlasting: boundary."
/N our Congress the early sentiment
was that the great west was as
useless as the wilds of Patagonia
and that the United States had no
concern with the other rim of an
unexplored continent, barred from civ
ilization by - the snowy bulwark -of
the Rockies. A party favored the
establishment of a new American re
public in the West, distinctly separated
from the United States and useful only as
a checkmate to the hostile schemes -of
Great Britefn. j A epeech of Senator Ben
ton of Missouri, made In support of this
measure .iaUSS, shows what sentiment
existed against California at that time.
Speaking of the projected Western re
public .he said: • - - - '' ¦;"-*
The brief years between the accession
of Mexican supremacy over California
and the treaty which confirmed to the
United States the possession of that which
she already held in her grasp are more
crowded with Incident than any other
era of California's history. In those years
there f>«fell the armed disputes between
the Mexican rulers of the soil, which can
sca:ce be dignified by the name of -wars;
the remarkable Bear Flag revolution fol
lowed, and then the conquest of Cali
fornia by Fremont, Kearny and Stockton.
The subsequent discovery of gold and the
mad rush to "the newly acquired territory
put California in the position to leap full
fle-dged Into the sisterhood of the Union.
Of little Interest to tTiose who are not
historical grubbers and book worms is
the recital of the dreary succession cf
petty disputes which mark the history of
Mexican rule from the time of the acces
sion of Governor Arguello In 1S23 down
to the days of Pio Pico, the last of the
Mexican rulers, who took his seat in Feb
ruary. 1S42. Suffice it to say that there
were battles, so called, the unseating of
those In high places and the consequent
gradual alltnation/of <he Department of
California from the tottering home gov
ernment in Mexico. So far did the Cali
fornians go in their disloyalty to the cen
tral authority that in November, 1S36, the
Territorial Legislature declared California
to be a free and independent sovereign
Etate, elected Juan B. Alvarado Gover
nor and ran up a flag with a lone star
In the field. Changes in the Mexican cen
tral government, however, mollified the
revolutionists and the lone Btar flag soon
came down.
California, with Us gTeat stretch of sea
coast, its wonderful harbor of San Fran
cisco and its strategic position on the
western side of the American ccntinent,
began to form the chief subject <K strat
egy at the council boards of England,
France and the United States. Mutual
jealousy and distrust of one another at
first prompted the three nations concerned
to take good care that the disputed
ground ; remained unoccupied, but the*
trend of events dropped France out of the
fame and there began a road scramble
for supremacy between England and our
own countryt which at one time was even
bung on the balance of the race between
two men-of-war of the rival disputants.
Three Rations Maneuver
to Secure Mexico's
Rich Province.
history # were crowded with mo
mentous action. ' The Intrigues of three
great nations brought the obscure land
of the padres on the intricate checker
board of the world's diplomacy. Deeds
of heroism and tests of fortitude were
enacted in the smiling valleys which had
heretofore known only the somnolent ease
of the California ranchero. Two strange
flags representing independent republics
were successively hoisted for fleeting pe
riods cf dominion and then pulled down.
At last from the travail of revolution,
counter revolution and the clash of armed
forces there was born a great common
wealth destined to become a part of the
empire over which streams the stars and
¦ tripes.
THE events which followed one
another with bewildering rapid
ity and startling effect In this,
the second epoch of California's
Never in . the history of the West haa
there been given an example of a- ride
such as that which was -taken by Lieu
tenant Archibald H. Giliespie. Arriving
at Monterey on the United States sloop
Cyane, he was directed bj Consul Lar
kin to Sutler's Fort. There the undaunt
ed lieutenant was told that Fremont was
in the wilds north . of Shasta. Taking
with him a hardy band of five men, Gil
lespie pushed up the- valley, to Lassen's
At the head of an expedition of sixty
two backwoodsmen and Delaware In
dians, all hardy frontiersmen and well
armed, Fremont announced to General
Castro, the commander of the California
troops, that his party was one for scien
tific purposes onlv-and that he was de
sirous of wintering in the San Joaquin
Valley. While in the SalinaB Valley in
February, petty disturbances caused by
Fremont's- men, prompted the ever sus
picious Castro to send- peremptory de
mands that- the American explorer and
his party quit the- country.: In answer
Fremont entrenched himself on the hills
back of San Juan Capistrano and defied
the Mexican general to dislodge him. '-.
This Castro was • preparing to do when
Fremont slipped .away, i under cover of
night and marched off to Sacramento,
whence he. made his. way up the valley,
over the range at Shasta and Into the
Klamath Lake country. But behind him
there was pressing a messenger - from
Washington, who had come across two
seas and was now penetrating Into the
heart of the wilderness to deliver a mes
sage upon which hung the destiny of Cal
ifornia. - . . --?/,.¦•; . / . ¦ . . ...
When the Californians began to become
restive under the rule of Mexico, In tli*
'40's, there were a number of influential
Americans in the country who were cal
culated to swing the tide of sentiment to
ward annexation by the United States.
Thomas O. Larkin, residing at Monterey
as the United States Consul, did much to
foster a kindly sentiment toward his Gov
ernment and kept the officials at Wash
ington constantly apprised as to the trend
of events. Largely by his influence and
that of other Americans the Departmental
Assembly of California decided In 1S46
upon a united council of the pueblos of
California to determine upon the advisa
bility of annexation to some foreign pow
er. Speeches were made In favor of union
with the United States, but no definite
action was taken.
Fremont Touches Spring
Which Lets Loose
Dogs of War.
/T'was at this period of tension that
there appeared. in California the man
who was to do a lion's share in the
work of turning It over to the United
States. John C Fremont, then a captain
in the United States engineering corps,
made a trip of exploration to California in
1S«. After publishing an elaborate report
upon his daring adventures on mountain
and desert, Fremont" returned to Califor
nia in 1S46.
The scene of the international drama
now shifts to California, where the in
trepid American settlers were to play the
prologue to the swiftly moving spectacle
which was to result In the raising of the
banner of the United States over a vast
and immensely wealthy country.
From the days when the cautious Span
ish Governor warned the comandante at
San Francisco Presidio against the incur
sions of Americans, a constantly increas
ing stream of settlers from Eastern states
began to come over the mountains and
settle in the fertile valleys of California-
Captain John A. Sutter, t Swiss emigrant,
received in 1S41 from the Mexican Gov
ernor a land grant of eleven square
leagues near the junction of the American
and Sacramento rivers, built a fort there
on and was made a commander under the
Mexican Government. Sutler's fort be
came thenceforward the central point for
the colonization movements by -the Amer
icans.
bo faithfully copied afterward by Louis
Napoleon, as a check to the threatened
aggrandizement of Great Britain or the
United States by the seizure of California.
This move on the part of France, coupled
with a growing fear that, chagrined at the
loss of Oregon, Great Britain would
pounce upon California, led the adminis
tration of President Tyler to take steps
t/> force the game. During the twelve or
fifteen years previous to the outbreak of
the Mexican War, the conviction that the
United States wanted California had been
ripening- to a general demand on the part
of the "spreadeag'.e" party. The acquisi.
tion of our State was not an accident of
the war, but the result of a plan long
matured and persistently followed.
Before Fremont could arrive on the
scene in answer to an urgent call from
the Independents, the only battle of the
Bear Flag Republic had taken place.
Two men. Cowle and Fowler, sent on a
mission to Russian River to obtain pow
der, fell into the hands of the Cahfornlans
u.ider the lead of Padlllo and w«re mur
dered. To avenge this atrocity, twenty
three of the Independents, under com
mand of W.I* Ford, surprised the force
of Captain Joaquln de la Torre near San
Rafael. A battle ensued In which the
Independents slew eight of their adver
saries and retreated unscathed to Sono
ma. Thus dosed the military record of
Wi'llam Todd a bear yma fainted with a
blacking bru-h upon white drilling with a
star over his head and the legend CALI
FORNIA REPUBLIC. To this was sewn
a length of red flannel as a stripe and thus
on June 14, 1846, the Bear Flag Republic
with Its 'declaration and emblem was a
thing of reality.
With the echoes of the w^r of ccnqitst
still lingering in the air, there was not* to
come a tremendous circumstance. wh.:h
was to make the newly acquired Ca l
fornia a word In the mouth of the worll
and the goal of scrambling thousands.
On January 19, 1S4S. James W. Marshall
found gold In the tail race oX his mm at
Coloma,
The anomaly of two Governor* sitting
In authority lasted until Colonel Richard
B. Mason arrived to supplant Kearny as
head of nfTairs. The two rival Governors
went East. Fremont was court ma. t aled
for mutiny and disobedience and recom
mended for dismissal from the se*vice.
President Polk sanctioned the ser ence,
but ordered the penalty of d:sm'i..al to
be remitted. Fremont, with hit native
high spirits, refused the lndulgerce of
the President and resigned his posi.'on as
lieutenant colonel In the army.
f^CARCELY had the tiny army of
• occupation been withdrawn when
*^ Lieutenant J. M- FXores of the
native CaUforolan forces broke bis
parole, organized a considerable body
of malcontents and on September
23 attacked Los Angeles and forced the
capitulation of Glllesple. Santa Barbara
was likewise quickly recaptured and the
whole south waa aflame with rebellion.
A messenger, spurring his Jaded steeds
all the way from Los Angeles to Son
Francisco without a day's rest, brought
the news of the uprfaing to Commodore
Stockton. Opposed to the pitiful hand
ful of men left to garrison the southern
cities were from 1200 to 1400 armed and
mounted Californians. who were now
complete masters of the country which
had seemed to be eo easily subdued.
Stockton and Fremont were a thousand
miles away. With their number of less
than a thousand men and with no rrvran-i
cf obtaining reinforcements from the
East the new Territory of Calif ornU
teemed lost to the Union.
Lost it would have been had not Stock
ton and Fremont acted with great
promptness and daring. Stockton Im
mediately dispatched Captain Mervlna
with the frigate 'Savannah to stem the
tide until he could appear on the scene
with fresh troops. Fremont was sent to
Santa Barbara with 160 hastily enlisted
troops, while Stockton himself set out for
Ean Pedro. ; Fremont failed to reach San
ta Barbara when expected, but put In to
Monterey for more men. After a trying
march over the Santa Inez. Mountains in
•the midst of winter. Fremont, with -5»>
men, again took possession of Santa Bar
bara and pursued his march south.
Stockton, meanwhile, had proceeded to
San Diego, built a temporary fort and
was anxiously awaiting relief from Fre
mont. Help from an unexpected quarter
came to him In the person of General Ste
phen "\V. Kcarny, who, having completed
the subjugation of New Mexico, had
pushed on to California with a small
force to assist in its conquest. Learning
of the state of affairs, Kearny had sent
word to Stockton In San Diego that he
wished to effect a junction with him.
Meeting Giliespie and a small force which
Stockton had sent out to him, Kearny
engaged the Camornians at San Pasqual,
near San Diego, with disastrous results
and had to be rescued from his perilous
position by a second relief force from
Stockton.
With their combined forces of about 600
men, Stockton and Kearny set out for
Los Angeles. But near San Gabriel on
January 8, 1S47. they engaged In the final
and most serious battle of the war In
California. The enemy with 600 mounted
men and four field pieces attacked the
American force with all the despairing
energy of a dying cause. Again and
again the beautifully mounted and ut
terly fearless vaqueros charged the
American squares, only to be mowed
down by the steady, galling flre of the
trained marksmen. At last the Callfor
nlans broke and fled. In their rapid re
treat northward they met the tardy Fre
mont, coming down from Monterey with
reinforcements, and to him surrendered
on January 1». With the signing of the
articles of capitulation at the Rancho da
Cahuenga there was closed the only real
war which has ever reddened California
soil.
Stockton treated contemptuously a mes
sage from Castro, praying for terms, sad
with his force of marines and six small
guns pushed on to conflict with the Cal
lfornlans. But Castro and Pico fled with
out awaiting an attack, and Stockton, at'
ter having joined forces with Fremont,
entered Los Angeles on August 13 and ran
up the flag. AH opposition to American
rule seemingly at an end. Btockton now
created Fremont provisional Governor of
California. Lieutenant Glllesple was left
In command of Los Angeles with a gar
rison of only forty men, a nominal gar
rison waa stationed at Santa Barbara, and
Stockton and Fremont took their depar
ture for the north.
Desperate Rally Brings
Danger to Weakened
Southern Posts.
He therefore dispatched Fremont by sea
to San Diego, following himself with the
Congress, which put Into San Pedro har
bor.
THE BAF FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1903.
BEAR FLAG AND
STARS AND STRIPES
17The committee continued in its work,
driving gamblers out of the city and de
porting boodlers; when they came Into
clash with Governor John N. Johnson,
who ordered Major General William T.
Sherman to use the militia of San Fran
cisco to put down the Vigilance Commit
tee as participators in armed sedition.
Sherman resigned rather than execute
his orders. The frantic Johnson then
petitioned President Pierce to use- tha
military and naval forces of the United
States to put down what he termed a re
bellion, but his application was denied.
Meanwhile the Vigilantes, behind their
"Fort Gunnybags," were continuing their
perfect military organization, even pre
suming to keep as a prisoner for seven
weeks and then release after a trial D.
S. Terry, Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the State.
On August 18, after a remarkable career
in purging the city of crime, the Vigil
ance Committee dissolved. Such was the
appreciation accorded It by the citizens,
that the dissolution partook of the nature
of a triumphal public precession. Thus
pasted Into history that remarkable or
ganization which upheld the law and
maintained order while itself technically
a lawless body.
The great stress of the Civil War which
racked the States east of the Rockies in
the throes of internecine bloodshed
scarcely affected California. Our land was
then too remote to hear, except in soft
ened, echoes, the thunder of the cannons.
Though there were enough Southerners
in the country to make feeling run high
for a time, . no doubt of California's loy
alty ever existed and the stream, of gold
flrsf editor of the Bulletfri. In his fear
less editorials. King had openly attacked
the boodlers, notably James P. Casey,
who had fraudulently elected himself Su
pervisor. On May 14, 1856, Casey met the
editor on the corner of Montgomery and
Washington streets and shot him dead.
Immediately & crowd of exasperated cit
izens gathered before the Jail wherein
Casey was Incarcerated and from their
anger was born the second Vlgllanca
Committee. On May 15 a select few mtt
In a hall on Sacramento street, near
Leldesdorff, selected William T. Coleman
chairman of the executive committee and
enrolled 1500 members the first day. With
in, a week 3000 men were assembled Into
companies, armed, drilled and stationed
in various armories about the city. This
perfected organization on the Sunday for
lowing the shooting of King, marched
through the streets in full military array,
halted at the Jail on Broadway and with
a brass cannon pointed at the door, de
manded the person of Casey.
Casey, together with Charles Cora, who
had murdered United State* Marshal
Richardson, was delivered over to the
Vigilantes and uy them taken to the head
quarters on Sacramento street. With all
of the forms. of procedure of a court of
Justice, Casey and Cora were given a
fair trial before a jury, being allowed the
services of an attorney for their defense.
They were found guilty and while the
whole city was on the streets to attend
the public funeral of King, the two men
convicted by this summary court of jus
tice, were strung up In front of the Vigil
ance headquarters.
acknowledged to be under the thumb of
the railroad, while in San Francisco bald
faced corruption was rampant. Juries
were weak, judges weaker, and it be
came a proverb that one might safely
commit a murder if he took the advice of
the best lawyers.
Things had reached this pass when a
mass-meetlnff held In San Francisco in
the fall of '77 for the purpose of express
ing sympathy for the striking railroad
employes at Pittsburgh Pa,, developed into
j a demonstration against the Chlneso,
which looked for a time like a general at
tack on Chinatown 1 . Out of this first rath
er aimless demonstration was born tha
Sand Lot party, with Denis Kearney at
its head. Kearney, who was a power in
the Draymen's Union at the time,-em
braced the opportunity offered by the Sep
tember elections for municipal. State and
Congressional officers to call a meeting of
workingmen and malcontents with a view
to forming a permanent organization for
the purpose, of insisting upon elected of
ficers living up to pledges mad© befora
election and to oppose Chinese- immigra
tion.
Upon the sand lot where the City Hall
now stands and where only the Hall of
Records had been completed, Kearney and
his rapidly growing band ; of agitators
were wont to hold monstrous open-air
meetings, whereat the speeches both of
Kearney and his fellow workers took a
more and more turbulent character. At
one night meeting held on Nob Hill
Kearney delivered himself of the opinion
that the millionaire railroad magnates
living thereon deserved to have their
houses burtied, whereat he was arrested.
But being released, Kearney became tha
hero of the masses and his Worklngman's
party flourished, embracing the whola
State, with Kearney as Its president.
Wherever Kearney spoke he decreed that
the Chinese must go.
New State Constitution
Springs From Sand
Lot Jlgitation.
*W\T that peculiar power which gives
, /^ force to popular agitations. Kear
**-^ney's party grew In strength until
it gained control of most of the city of
fices and aspired to success on a Stats
ticket. When the question of a new con
stitution was submitted to the peoplo
Kearney's party, united with the so-called
Granger movement among the farmers
cf the interior, carried the day, and
a constitutional convention was called. In
the summer of 1S73, when the delegates to
the convention were elected, the Work
lngman's party a:.- the farmers- of the
valleys were in the preponderance. The
history of the drafting of the constitution
Is best shown in the text itself of the re
markable Instrument which was put be
fore the people for adoption in May, 1S79.
The struggle over its adoption was se
vere. The moneyed men declared that its
provisions -were ruinous to commerce and
industry and calculated to drive capital
out of the country; some of its provisions
were alleged to be contrary to the consti
tution of the United States and therefore
null. But the Grangers and Sand Lot par
ty were strong enough to carry the meas-
The Vigilance Committees of 1851 and
1856 were born of the urgent necessities
of the times. Within a year after the
discovery of gold San Francisco became
a hell hole of robbers, gamblers, political
sharpers and murderers. From the Aus
tralian penal colonies, from the flotsam
of Eastern and European cities there
poured Into the new city an ever increas
ing stream of the veriest rogues. The
feeble municipal government was unable
to cope with them. Emboldened by their
own successes, the rascals stuffed ballot
boxes and bought their way Into power
bo that the arms of Justice were effectu
ally paralyzed. Nothing but a Vigilance
Committee could save San Francisco from
absolute ruin. -.-¦¦ <
, The great fire of May 4, 1851, which was
unanimously considered .to Be of incen
diary origin, at last drove the respectable
portion of -the Inhabitants to desperation.
In the early part of June, therefore, there
met in secret session over a ' hundred of
the determined citizens. They bound
themselves by oath that no thief, burglar,
incendiary' or assassin should longer es
cape justice, that should any member of
the association hear of some overt crime,
he should 'assemble the whole Committee
by an alarm oh the fire bell and imme
diate action would be taken according to
private citizens arising in their wrath to
sit in Judgment upon murderers and
boodlers who were pursuing their knavish
ways unmolested by the proper civil
authority. More remarkable still: though
this band of men had usurped authority,
armed a battalion of volunteers and bulld
ed themselves a fort In the heart of the
city to defy the power of the Chief Jus
tice of the Supreme Court. and the Gov
ernor himself, they had with them the
almost undivided support of the whole
city and were honored as heroes when
their work was done.
the will of the majority. Meeting rooms
were provided and some members were*
always present to receive reports.
Citizens Turn Soldiers to
Protect Justice With
Bayonets.
ON June 10 John Jenkins was appre
hended by the Vigilantes for rob
bing a store. He was tried that
night, condemned and hanged in Ports
mouth Square at 2 o'clock next morn-
ing. On July 11 James Stuart was
hanged on Market-street wharf. On
August 24 thirty-six armed Vigilantes
broke into the Jail, recaptured ' two
prisoners who had been taken from
them by the Sheriff and hanged them from
the eaves of their own headquarters.
Upon Incriminating findings of Coroner's
juries in the instances of these hangings,
the Vigilance Committee boldly issued a
proclamation, stating their reasons for
action and signed by all of the members.
No steps were taken against them by the
authorities and they continued their ex
istence until the reign of lawlessness had
been checked, when they adjourned to
meet again if necessary:
The second' Vigilance Committee of 1856
was called into action largely by the aw
ful corruption existing in the city gov
ernment and the consequent utter'paral
ysis of justice. In municipal elections
clubs were openly formed for the purpose
of trafficking in votes. The so-called
"double, improved, back-action « ballot
boxes" served to elect scamps and bood
lers into rich offices of "political graft.
Judges and Juries were either bought or
"instructed" by a higher power. San
Francisco municipal government \. had
sunk to its. lowest ebb. .. "
. The crisis was precipitated by the as
sassination of James King of William,
which she sent back to the Impoverished
treasury at Washington did much to fur
nish the sinews of war for the North.
Close upon the reign of peace came an
event which was fraught with much
significance to California. The iron
ribbons of the Central Pacific, which
had been stretching toward one another
from the East and the West, were at last
joined in May, 1863, at Promentory Point,
Utah.
This was the bond which cemented the
far distant commonwealth on the Pacific
to the East and made California a power
in the Union rather than the isolated em
pire which she had been. With the open
ing of traffic and the contemporaneous
discovery that gold could also be found
in orchard and wheat field as well as in
mountain, the young giant on the western
sea leaped into his manhood by a mar
velous growth.
The "Great Bonanza" excitement of the
early'70's had introduced among all classes
a widespread; mania for stock gambling.
The millionaire on Nob Hill and the hos
tler in his stable alike invested their
money in wildcat schemes. But in 1S77
the wave of hard times from the East
struck California and the bubble of false
wealth was instantly pricked. The
moneyed kings could stand the crash, but
the farmer, the poorly paid store clerk
and mechanic felt the pinch severely. The
farmer claimed that the great railroad
system which controlled the State was
wringing his sustenance from him. The
great army of unemployed which collect
ed at San Francisco demanded that
somebody give them work. Everywhere
the Chinese were working for wages
-which were impossible as far as -white
labor was ! concerned.
Another undoubted evil existed In the
wholesale corruption which had honey
combed State government and munici
pal machinery »Hke. The Legislature was
Typical Scenes Illustrating Some Crucial Periods in California's Later History.
ure by a small majority. This done, they
proceeded to elect a Legislature to put
the instrument into effect, but a reaction
set in against their propaganda, and when
that body met a strong conservative ele
ment passed statutes which gave effect to
the provisions of the constitution in a
form far less harmful than was expected.
The Sand Lot party then gradually sank
into insignificance and finally disappeared.
Of the history of California during the
last twenty-five years there is much that
can be written in the future when the
lapse of time has thrown events Into a
proper historical perspective. Much that
ha3 happened and is happening, savors
now cf personal or party prejudice and
cannct be dwelt UDon until the passage
of years makes It pure history.
Now at the fifty-third anniversary, of
the birth of our State we have tne oppor
tunity to pause and reflect on the future.
Consider how, up to fifty years ago, Cali
fornia dreamed away her daya la luxur
ious indolence, contented to bask lazily
in the glad sunshine of. har own skies.
Then, as If by the touch of a magician's
wand, she roused herself to unceasing
energy. The wealth of mine and flald
which had lain hidden for centuries w««
brought to light. A stable commonwealth
was built out of the exigencies of tr.a
moment. A hardy race of men was
tamed to the task of upbuilding an em
pire. Peace was established where dis
order reigned. The new State was raised
to be a leader among her sisters of tno
American Union.
Now stands California on the edge of
the continent with her eyes to the West,
whither ever the touch of destiny has led
the American people. California has
ceased to be the frontier; that has been
moved to lands below the sweep of the
horizon. Instead California stands as the
keystone of the arch of American empire
which springs from Porto Rico to Luzon.
Such desperate condition of public senti
ment was due entirely to the unparalleled
situation in which California found her
self during the years of '49 and '50. By
the end of '49 there were 100,000 people In
the territory and yet there was absolute
ly no system of judicial procedure for
their governance nor yet any legal status
given to the territory by Congress. Since
peace had been made with Mexico In '48
there could be no shadow of authority in
military rule, according to the conception
of the majority of settlers, and since Con
gress had provided no civil government,
the territory was practically In a state of
anarchy. With hundreds of murderers,
blacklegs and unscrupulous politicians in
the new country, with the small military
organization powerless to inaugurate ac
tion and to pursue it if inaugurated, cer
tainly no state or territory of the Union
was ever in a position so perilous. But
rHK double stream of humanity
pouring in from ship and trail
dissipated itself in a thousand
branching channels among the gulches
and canyons cf the Sierras. Towns
with unspeakable names sprang up
like mushrooms along the length of
the gold fields. Rough manners and
a rougher Justice were their charac
teristic*. There were no courts of law;
each man was unto himself a court
of first instance and of final appeal. The
time was even seen when it was a mooted
question whether or not murder was a
crime or even if there was any such thing
as crime.
Over a Land Devoid
of Government.
The expense and the discomforts of the
Panama route to San Francisco impelled
most of the argonauts from the Middle
West to cross the plains. The story of
the great migrations across the parched
sands of the desert, through the midst
of cruel and vengeful Indians, and over
the snowy crest of the Sierras, will never
be fully told. Many a hidden skull is
there along the length of the old Cali
fornia trail, whose cleft crown could add
its mute testimony to the harrowing tales
of bloodshed. Many a bleached bone,
hidden in the blown sands of the desert,
bespeaks the last agony of some thirst
rfdden wretch.
Anarchy Raises Its Head
little *>!«? besides dogs and old women.
Everybody who could handle a shovel
v.&s hurrying up the bay in every con
ceivaLle manner of craft to Sutler's Fort,
\\ her.ee th*y could strike out for tUe
g-flden streams of the mountains.
Eut from a deserted village San Fran
cisco sprang like magic into a teeming
city of shacks and ter.ts when the news
cf tht gold rind had once been carried
through the Golden Gate. • The old
Mexican vallage of adobe huts grew
within a year imo a fevered center of
trade. Those merchants who had re
mained perforce or through the wisdom
of their foresight were now enabled to
bring streams of weilth to their doors.
Supplies became so scanty that fabulous
prices were charged for the bare neces
sities of life. When shovels and picks
became scarce one shrewd Yankee made
a fortr.no alone in retailing butcher
knives lor digging in gravels at $20 and
530 apiece.
The convention drew up a constitution
modeled on the plan of that of Iowa and
submitted it to the vote of the people on
November 13, 1S49, by whom it was ratl-
lied. At the first election, Burnett was
elected Governor, General Fremont and
W. M. Gwinn being chosen as delegates
to Congress. On February 13, 1850, Presi-
dent Fillmore presented California's
petition for Statehood to Congress. This
occasioned a great deal more hesitation
and sparring on the part of the two fac-
tlons until at last Henry Clay's famous
"Omnlbus Bill," which Included among
its compromises the admission of Callfor-
nia, passed through Congress on Septem-
ber 7 and was signed by the President two
days afterward. Thus on September 9,
1850, did California become the thirty-first
star on the escutcheon of the Union.
The Monterey convention, which draft-
ed the first constitution of California, also
selected the great seal of the State. The
story of the selection contains some odd
features and deserves mention.
During the time that the convention
was in session. Major Robert S. Garnett,
then stationed temporarily la the little
and Sacramento appeared as new contest
ants in the field. Before the Vallejo sea
sion was completed the disgusted mem
bers moved bodily to Sacramento. But
this was only temporary, and the State
archives and machinery of legislation
were removed to Benicia upon the passage
of an act making that the' capital city,
Finally the last change was made by the
Legislature of 1854, which decreed that
Sacramento should be the chosen city for
the State government, and there it has re.
mained, notwithstanding continuous ef
forts made.by Oakland and San Francis
co during the next few years to have It
removed.
Hardly had there passed away the phe
nomenon of the California people organ-
Izlng a government independent of Con
gressional action, when there came .into
existence a still more remarkable prodigy,
the Vigilance Committee. Twice was San
Francisco destined to see a band of deter
mined men wield executive and judicial
powers without a shadow of authority
and even in armed - opposition to the
rightful officers of the government. Twice
was she to witness the phenomenon of
When President Taylor took his seat in
March, 1S49, things took a turn. By spe
cial orders of the President, Governor
Riley announced on June 3 that a conven
tion would be called to draft and adopt
a State constitution. So delegates were
elected and they met at Monterey
September 3, 1849, to put Into motion ma
chinery for the government which had
been so earnestly desired. The delegates
were divided among three parties: those
of the anti-argonautic regime, representa
tives of the old native Californian gov
ernment and a strong Southern faction,
advocating slavery.
land therein and to donate $370,000 for the
erection of State buildings. This munifi
cent offer was accepted favorably and an
act passed to submit the selection of a
site at the next general election. Vallejo
was the place chosen by the suffrage of
the voters.
When the time for the next session of
the Legislature drew nigh, General Val
lejo had so far failed to keep his promise
that preparations for the reception of the
solons were very Inadequate, and their
session was marked by a scarcity of food
and the total absence of a washerwoman.
San Jose renewed its offers and Benicia
town, drew the design for the seal aa It
now appears, with slight modifications,
and showed It to several members of the
convention. He was pressed to submit Jt,
but modestly declined and allowed Caleb
Lyon, one of the clerks of the Constitu
tional Assembly, to present the design be
fore that body as his own. When he did
so. General Mariano Vallejo. who had been
so unceremoniously hustled out of bed
and taken to prison only three years be
fore by the enthusiasts of the Bear Flag,
demanded that the mild looking bear be
either eliminated from the seal or made
fast by a lasso in the hands of a vaquero.
His objection was overruled on the
grounds that the bear appeared to be
harmless.
Iron Hand of Vigilantes
Smites Lawlessness
a Death Blow.
yyaHILE the first Legislature is un-
M M Jder consideration, a brief history
of the peregrinations of the State
capital may be noted at 'this point.
Monterey had always been the seat
of the Spanish and Mexican gov
ernments, and was naturally chosen as
the first capital of California. At tho
very first meeting of the Constitutional
Assembly, San Joke and San Francisco
put in a bid for the location of the eeat of
government. San Jose won out, and the
first Legis'.ature met there in December,
1849. But this town was not destined to
hold the honor long, for General Vallejo
offered tcr lay out a. city on Carqulnez
Straits, .to grant the State 156 acres of
never was the Innate American genius
for self-government better shown as In
the action which was taken by the set
tlers to effect for themselves what Con
gress neglected to provide for them.
When !n May, 1S49. Ceneral Riley suc
ceeded Colonel Mason as military gov
ernor of the Territory of California he
found a people clamoring for some form
of civil government. They maintained
that he was merely an usurper since the
close of the Mexican war had deprived
the military governor of his legal pow
ers. They declared that under the Con
stitution they had a right to meet and
legislate for themselves since Congress
had provided no Territorial form of gov
ernment. Governor Riley held that the
old Mexican laws of California, such as
they were, must be enforced until action
by Congress and that no initiative on the
part of the people was possible.
The secret of the trouble lay in the
great question, then agitating Congress,
of whether or not the vast extent of terri
tory wrested from Mexico should be free
or open to slavery. President Polk in
giving instructions of one character to
Governor Riley and expressing different
sentiments In his message, was but fol
lowing the precedent of the time, which
was one of hesitancy and Indecision. The
slavery and anti-slavery parties in Con
gress were fighting a death struggle in
which both factions were so evenly
matched that a deadlock ensued and Cali
fornia was the sufferer thereby. Such
master minds as thoee of Webster, Cal
hoyn and Clay were engaged in the strug
gle. California was the balance weight
which would swing the scale either one
way or the other.
of tale* more wondrous or of
deeds more thrilling than those contained
in the story of the days of gold? The
chronicles of those times are written in
Liood and iron. Men forgot their homes,
tneir wives and children to be swept in"
ttie great whirlpool of gold madness which
v«:s druwlrg its eddies from every cor
ner of the globe. The terrors of grim
iiature, the murderous lust of frenzied
r.tn, the madness of sudden wealth or of
firal dcppa'.r— these were the grisly phan
toms which hovered over the fields of fab
ulous wealth, claiming their victims by
tl-t. hundreds cf ncores. Yet from all this
trrr.Tled Gehenna of feverish actix-lttes
tuere arose a State whose great destiny
1» yet cn'.y partially disclosed.
In the latter part of February William
Bennttt. one of the laborers who had
been employed by Sutter, brought tho
first suck of nuggets to San Francisco.
The little town went mad at the sight.
Employes deserted their masters. Bailors
lea shli s without their crews, doctors for
get their patients and even the editor of
the CaMforr.la Star had to suspend pub
lication because of the loss of his print
ers. Within a month the town contained
j9 w q HAT epic suns In far-off
BUM Ionian Isles or what saga
ff jtf 1 thundered from the throats of
t*«^ giant Norse warriors has told
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1903.
GROWTH OF THE WESTERN GIANT
18themselves to realize that the men who
flocked to California in '49 and subse
quently were the ones who did real yeo
man work in laying the foundations of the
great commonwealth and that it would be
the later Influx of settlers who would far
outshadow the few who had come before
in the light of subsequent history.
After much opposition, the early settlers
at last gave way and in July, 1853, the
constitution was so amended that all
those who had come to California prior to
January 1, 1S50, could be admitted Into the
society. But the distinction yet remained
that the early settlers, or those who had
come to the West before '49, should con
stitute a class, with class privileges. As
a result of the removal of the barrier
against the men of '49 the membership of
the society was doubled before the end of
the year.
Daring Vigilantes Led by
William T. Coleman
Against Crime.
THE part played by the Pioneers in
the social life of the fifties cannot
be overestimated. In those days of
restless money getting, when San
Francisco was, at its best, a very
poor place in which to live,
when gamblers and murderers elbowed
respectable citizens into the gutters, and
crime in all its hideous shapes, was rife,
the fraternal spirit of the society acted as
a counter-irritant to the demoralizing in
fluences of the time. To the man, wearied
by the hurry and confusion of early San
Francisco life and sick for the noble com
radeship of a good man the society of
fered the safest refuge. . While gambling
dens and dance balls were nightly offer
ing their tawdry attractions to the young
man, wearied by the day's tail, the rooms
of the society were the only 'safe haven.
L. Folsom; assistant recording secretary,
J. C. L. Wadsworth; corresponding sec
retary, Edwin Bryant. To realize the
part which these men played in the early
history of California we have only to re
flect that the names of four of them have
been perpetuated by being applied to four
of the streets of San Francisco. Bry
ant afterward became the author of one
of the earliest books on California life,
entitled "What I Saw In California."
From its very inception the society
came to command the respect and honor
of all. In the monster procession which
was held to celebrate the news of the re
ception of California into the Union, Colo
nel Stevenson, the grand marshal, placed
the Pioneers In the fore-front of the line.
Again, at the occasion of its first public
celebration, the society marched through
the streets and afterward kept open
house, entertaining State and city digni
taries with a lavish hand. Well could the
society claim for itself pre-eminence at
that time. Among 1 the first members_were
the following noted men in subsequent his
tory: General Henry W. Halleck, Gen
eral William T. Sherman, General John C.
Fremont, General John W. Geary, General
George A. Stoneman, General Henry M.
Naglee, General Joseph Hooker, Commo
dore Robert F. Stockton,* Commodore Sel
fridge—all men who either had become
famous or were destined to achieve great
mark in the Civil War.
As the society grew older, it began to
become evident that if its membership
were confined strictly to the men who
came to California before 1849 it would
soon cease altogether, so the movement
to Incorporate members who were in the
land of gold before California was admit
ted to the Union began to be agitated.
Strange to us of the present day appears
the jealousy which was maintained by the
first settlers against the argonauts. In
their narrowness they could not bring
Members of California Society of Pioneers, Who Guided Organization in th? Early Days.
Men of Arcadian Period
Are First to Bind
Fraternal Tie.
*«"^UT for the first Inspiration of the
A^ Bociety we must look farther back
J*J than the days of gold; we
must consider the very first pio
neers who drifted down upon Cal
ifornia when it was yet a dreamy
pravlnce of old Mexico. Before '43 there
were stirring events which tended to weld
the first American settlers Into a compact
body with a common cause and common
needs. In the days of the Bear Flag revo
lu'.ion at Sonoma, which are touched upon
in another part of this paper, and in the
fierce heat of the ensuing conquest of
California by General John C. Fremont
and .ommodore R- F. Stockton, the men
banded together in support of their new
homes and their mother country far over
the mountains sowed the seed from which
was to cpring the great society. To the
very earliest blood of the society, organ
lz< i by these earliest settlers, there was
infused the new stock of the argonauts.
From these two branches sprang the or
pnnization which was to do so much in
support of the patriotic sentiments of
the later generation— the native children
of California.
Among those who were the very earliest
Fettlers in the territory of California were
two who did much to inaugurate the so
ciety, Samuel Brannan and Colonel Jona
than D. Stevenson. Brannan had come
around the Horn in 1846 with the Mormon
colony which had Intended to find In Cali
fornia an abiding place for the Saints, so
recently driven out of their city of Nau
voo. Illinois. The Mormons found that
the settlers from the East had already
pre-empted the country, but they made
the best of It and stayed in the new ter-
Thus, with their work wel' established,
the Pioneers who yet remain look back
upon that which has been of their doing
and justly feel that they have tried to
perform their full measure of private
duty and oubllc benefaction, and leave
a fair measure of good to the new Cali
fornia whose growth has been so greatly
stimulated by. their effort*,
and have to call upon the assistance of
their brothers. As an example of what
Is done by the relief fund the figures of
disbursements for'the last two years
may be cited.
The total disbursements for relief In
1901-02 were $10,234. equal to an average
payment of JS55. For 1902-03 th» total
relief offered amounted to $11,320 90, mak
ing an average monthly payment of 1344.
Forty-seven worthy beneficiaries claimed
assistance in 1901-02, and In the succeed
ing year the number was forty.
The finances of the Pioneers, thanks
to the generosity of James Lick and the
perfect management of the funds since
the time of the society's lnceotlon. are
In such a condition as to warrant the gen
erous assistance given members in dis
tress. As the result of wisely invested In
terests, the assets of the society were
valued at $335,843 06 at the last report of
the treasurer. With such a firm founda
tion, the organization Is In a position to
rival many benevolent and fraternal so
cieties with far greater membership.
In the museum of Pioneer Hall there is
a rich store of historical material in the
shape of valuable documents, quaint me
mentoes of the early days and pictures
of prominent personages of lone ago.
Along the walls of the assembly hall and
museum are hung the engravings of
every president of the organization, from
Howard, the first, down to Henry B.
Russ, the incumbent Forty-five mem
bers of the society have thus been hon
ored: They are: William Davis Merry
Howard, Samuel Brannan, Jacob Rink
Snyder, Stephen Randall Harris, Thomas
Oliver Larkln, Alexander Gurdon Abell,
Philip Augustln Roach, Henry Martin
Gray, Owen Paul Button, Wlllard Brig
ham Farwell, Joseph Webb Wlnaaa,
Pierre Barlow Cornwall, Robert Joyce
Tiffany, William Rufus Wheaton. Wil
liam Henry Clark, Richard Chenery,
Charles Daniel Carter, Alexey Waldemar
von Schmidt. Peter Donahue, James
Lick, William Tell Coleman. Peter Dean,
Serranus Clinton Hastings, Henry Lee
Dodge, Joseph Green Eastland, Washing,
ton Baxtlett, Nathaniel Holland, Louis
Sloss, John Nightingale. Gustave Rels.
Isaac Elpblnstone Davis, Arthur Mercein
Ebbets, Edward Kruse, Alexander Mont
gomery, Livingston L. Baker, C. V. S.
Glbbs. Christian Rels. Heber Nutter Til
den, Elliott M. Root. John H. Jewett,
Aylctt Rains Cotton, Niles Searls, E. W.
McKinstry, Walter Van Dyke and Henry
Beauchamp Russ.
Commodore Stockton's proclamation
upon the raising of the Stars
and Stripes over California soil
is also among the relics treas
ured by the Pioneers. There are
clippings from old newspapers announc
ing the sailing of steamers to the land of
gold, faded pictures of familiar scenes in
the early history of the city, the bell of
the Monumental Fire Company, which,
used to sound the alarms of the Vigi
lantes, and even the battered plug hat
and rusty sword of "Norton, Emperor by
the grace of God." A visit to Pioneer
Hall Is in itself a full course in the his
tory of our State.
completion of the new structure, the so
ciety entered Into its new home with one
of the most brilliant social functions of
the year. The first important step which
was made after the new building had
been put into use was the creation of a
relief fund. Already some of the earlier
members were becoming infirm with age
and many were broken in fortune. With
the generous gift of 1500, made by Rob
ert J. Tiffany, the relief fund soon grew
to the $10,000 mark and since that time
has been kept at that sum, notwithstand
ing the many deeds of charity which have
been done by the society for the benefit
of needy members.
On October 3. 1S73. Lick made another
generous gift to the society of which ; he
was an enthusiastic rr-ember. This was
a deed to the magnificent site where Pio
neer Hall now stands on the corner of
Fourth and Stevenson streets. Lick had
desired that his name and the fame of
the organization should be perpetuated
by a building which should be a lasting
monument to both. In September,
1S73, Lick made the Pioneers one of his
residuary legatees In the deed of trust
through which the final disposition of his
great estate was to be made. By these
two benefices that capitalist and philan
thropist put the Society of California
Pioneers in the position of being one of
the richest social organizations of the
State.
Housed in Magnificent
Quarters, Destiny Is
Fulfilled.
Y ICK died on September 30, 1876.
/ and great trouble was destined to
J-^ surround the munificent gift which
he had made before the society could
derive any benefit therefrom. When
In 18S2 the society had not yet
received Its benefice from the "Lick
Trust,", which was closing up the es
tate, a committee was appointed to in
vestigate the affairs of the executors and
report to the society. This committee
made some sensational charges against
the executors of the estate and a remark
able degree of excitement was aroused
both in the society and by the public
press. * But it was fairly shown to the
society that all the time that the Lick
benefice was tied up in the estate It was
gathering larger and larger accretions of
wealth. When the" estate was finally set
tled in 1S0C, the cash benefit to the so
ciety amounted to JG04.65J OS.
Before the Lick estate had been di
vided, the agitation for a . new Pioneer
Hall, to be erected on the lot which Lick
had presented to the society in 1873. was
commenced. After considerable opposi
tion, a permanent building committee was
selected and after first relncorporatlng
under, the new constitution, work upon
the present structure, was commenced.
The cornerstone was laid on September
7, 1S84. and in due season the society en
tered into its^ permanent home. Since
that time the old Pioneers have been loy
ally standing shoulder to shoulder, clos
ing the gaps as they are made by the
hand of the reaper and resolutely foster
ing the same old spirit which obtained
when first the young Pioneers marched
at the head of the procession on the first
Admission Day celebration.
The purposes for which the Society of
California> Pioneers was formed and is
maintained are thus succinctly stated In
its constitution:
"The society is designed to be a moral,
should take a number and thus sink his
personality for the sake of the secrecy
necessary to successfully carry on the
work which had to be done. >
Immediately the question arose: "Who
shall be number one?" At once Coleman
-was singled out by his associates. Cole
man vainly tried to refuse, but at last
was forced to acquiesce. Thus was the
strength of the Pioneers represented in
"No. 1" of the famous Vigilance Com
mittee of "56.
At this time a man was elevated to the
presidency of the society whose name is
Inseparable from the early history of
California. This was Thomas O. Larkln.
He had come to Monterey in 1S32, being
therefore one of the very first Americans
to settle in California. As consular agent
of the United States during the time when
our Government was making manifest
plans to lay hold of the western coast, he
did much. He was a worthy representa
tive of the old order of things among the
pioneers.
During Larkin's presidency the entire
board of directors was made up of forty,
niners, he being the sole representative of
the old conservative first settlers. From
this time forward, the younger branch of
the society remained in control almost to
the total exclusion of the old guard.
The first headquarters of the society
were In the old Bella Union building, on
Washington street, near Kearny. This
was then the center of the business dis
trict of the city, and the building in
which the Pioneers lodged was considered
a remarkably fine one. In 1860, however,
James Lick made his first gift to the so
ciety in the form of a lot on Montgomery
street, near Pacific, where now can be
still seen a dingy old hall, at present the
headquarters of a livery stable, with the
legend, Pioneers, across its stone front.
As a result of one of San Francisco's
great .fires, , which ruined hundreds and
paralyzed business temporarily, the So
ciety of -California Pioneers languished
during the early '60's. But through the
earnest endeavors of O. P. Sutton, Wll
lard B. Farwell and William R. Wheaton,
interest was revived in 1S62. By the plan
of having numerous individuals take out
life memberships, a fund of $3000 toward
the erection of the building upon the lot
donated by Lick was accumulated.
Through Gifts of James
/Lick, Society Gains
Palatial Home.
rllE society was then forced to de
vise means for placing a mortgage
on its property in order that
more building funds could be raised.
No sufficient authority for such ac
tion being vested in the officers,
it became necessary to have an act
passed by the Legislature bestowing upon
the president, ' secretary and board of di
rectors the necessary authority for such
a step. Wlllard B. Farwell, who was at
this time one of those most active in com
pleting the reorganization of the society,
' secured the passage of the act, and the
mortgage was given. To provide against
possible contingencies of a like nature,
the society drew up articles of Incorpora
tion and on January 28, 1S63, they were
filed and the organization thus started on
a firm legal basis. •". - rt •
With all obstructions thus removed, the
new .-building was started, the corner
stone being laid on July 7, 1863. Upon the
THE first officers to be chosen
under the constitution of the
new society were: President,
William D. M. Howard; vice presi
dents, Jacob R. Snyder, George- F.
Ixmon; recording secretary. Captain J.
"From time to time these records will
be published, and we doubt if any vol
umes will be more sought after than these
which shall contain the reminiscences of
the hardy, bold and enterprising men
whose foresight and love of adventure
led them to these shores long- before the
eold discoveries which have since turned
the heads of half the American people."
Pioneers' Band Includes
Intrepid Heroes of
the Rebellion.
It was at this meeting at an Iron ware
house on Montgomery street then, that
the California Society of Pioneers was or
ganized. On September 27, when the con
stitution and by-laws had been drawn up,
the announcement of the existence of the
rocie-ty was made in the morning papers.
The Herald commented upon the an
nouncement in the following editorial:
"We have seen no movement In our
midst so fraught with interest as the
formation of the California Society of
Pioneers. Most of our readers are proba
bly unaware that the old settlers have
united In a society with the view of prc
feiving a record of the various historical
incidents connected with the early colon
ization of California by Americans, which
ccn only be elicited and preserved by
such a communism as Is likely to be
brought about through this organization.
"It is expected all old pioneers and res
idents of three years and upward will
attend. The object of the meeting will od
announced.
"ANGLO-CALIFORNIANS."
rltory. Brannan started the first paper,
Uie "California Star." and through Its
columns did much to bring California be
fore the eyes of the Eastern states. His
friend and co-worker. Colonel Stevenson,
had come across the continent with the
famous Stevenson regiment just at the
close of the Mexican War and had set
tled at San Francisco, there to become
later a prominent figure in the early his
tory of the State.
The steamship California, which ar
rived at San Francisco on August 23. 1850,
brought news of the death of President
Taylor. By W. D. M. Howard, J. C. I*
Wadpworth and Brannan it was proposed
to call together all of the "old residents"
of the vicinity to pay due respect to hia
memory. This call did not include any
of the argonauts who had come in '49, for
the earlier pioneers were very jealous of
their distinction as such and looked upon
the men of the gold rush, if not In th*
light of intruders, certainly not worthy
of the titles of pioneers. Accordingly the
following notice appeared in Brannan's
paper of August 30:
"The early pioneers of California are-
requested to call at the Iron Warehouse of
Howard & Mellus, on Montgomery street,
en Saturday evening, 31st of August, at
7 o'clock.
To-day at our fifty-third birthday of the
Elite, of all this hardy band of strong
men a pitiful few with silvered locks and
trembling hand remain to unite their pip
ing treble to the full throated chorus of
rejoicing which arises from the hearts of
a new generation. To-day they again
bow their heads In a silent memorial to
that great majority of their Pioneer band
which has now gone whither they them
selves must soon follow. To us of the
new generation It is fitting that to-day we
stop In our rejoicing to <Io honor to this
valiant little group which has striven for
these many years to keep green the
memory of the days which have long
elnee passed Into history- When now we
Bee with oft recurring frequency the half
znasted flag over Pioneer Hall which an
nounces the added decimation of the few
survivors, we should do reverence to the
memory of the dead and pay honor to the
living
When In the fevered days of the gold
rush, men poured into California through
every mountain pass end on every in
coming vessel, there was born In them
a generous spirit of fellowship and rough
fraternal affection. The perils of the
plains ar.d of the snowy Sierras, the many
hardships of the mining camps where
often men were forced to band themselves
together for protection against lawless
ness, the open handed generosity of those
fortunate ones who found themselves sud
denly made rich— all these influences in
evitably drew men into a closer bond of
fellowship. A mutual pride of the State
was felt among them; a mutual desire
to build well the foundations for the
great future impelled them; a mutual
respect for one another united them.
Forty-three years ago to-day these sim
ple yet sublimely touching words were
uttered by on* of the strong: men of the
Society of California Pioneers, Edmund
Randolph. The members of the society
had gathered to celebrate the tenth an
niversary of the admission of California
Into the Union, Hundreds of strong men
in the full flower of their robust man
hood and fired with enthusiasm born of
the thrilling events which had crowded
fast upon one another In the brief span of
California's statehood listened to the
eulogy of the speaker end 'with him
bowed their heads in a solemn requiem
fcr those who had already passed into the
• shadow.
"And first, our thoughts are due to
those who are not assembled with us:
whom we meet not on the street and
welcome not again at the door of "bur
dwellings; upon whom shines no more the
sun which now gladdens the hills, the
plains, the waters of California— to the
Pioneers who are dead. To them you will
consecrate a success which has surpassed
the boldest of the imaginations which led
you forth, both them and you, to a life of
adventures. Your companions died that
California might live. Fear not that you
will honor them overmuch— those Pioneers
ef California."
£ £ IP ROM the Importunities of
• • jffirf the active present •which
If "* surrounds us. It is meet
*• that to-day we turn for a
brief rpace to the past,
that we give ourselves up to memory.
"To cultivate social intercourse, form
a more perfect union among its members
and create a fund for charitable purpose*
In their behalf. * .'
"To collect and preserve Information
connected with th* early settlement and
subsequent history of this country.
To form a library and cabinet and
preserve such literary and scientific ob
jects as the board of directors may from
time to time determine and in all appro
priate matters to advance the Interests
and perpetuate the memory of those
whose sagacity, energy and enterprise
Induced them to settle In the wilderness
and become the founders of a new State.**
Duty Well Accomplished,
Old Members Depart r
.»¦ ¦ to Last Rest.
y yOW well the Pioneers have main
r"/ talned their principles can best be
JL JL gathered by a consideration of the
results which they ha« attained. At pres
ent the society numbJfs 827, of which 321
are Junior members or sons of pioneers.
Of the senior members, all are neces
sarily at an advanced age. 78 years being
the average. Many of this number are
rendered feeble by the weight of years
benevolent, literary and sclewtrflo asso
ciation and Its objects ar»:
i THE SAN FKANCJSCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, ~1903.
It was at this period in the .history
of the Pioneers that the sterling
worth of the members of the society
was demonstrated in an hour of nead.
When San Francisco was overrun with
murderers. and blacklegs and justice was
blinded by the machinations of desperate
and unprincipled politicians, the Vigilance
Committee sprang into existence. At its
head was William T. Coleman, a leader
among the Pioneers. Among its members
were numbered over a hundred Pioneers
who enrolled themselves gladly to serve
the city in its hour of need.
In 1851 when the Vigilantes were first
organized, Coleman became a member of
the executive committee. When ' James
Stuart, arrested for the assault committed
upon an innocent' storekeeper, was tried
by the Vigilantes, Coleman acted as pros
ecuting attorney. When the organization
arrested John Jenkins, known as "Sydney
Cove," Samuel Brannan and Coleman
were those most active> in securing for
the prisoner ' fair but speedy justice and
they had their hands on the rope which
swung the guilty man into eternity.
It was at the organization of the second
Vigilance Committee of 1856 that Coleman
and Brannan, together with Major John
W. Geary, all members of the Pioneer So
ciety, figured prominently. The incidents
of the first steps j toward . armed ! protec
tion showed that Coleman and bis asso
ciates were tried men and true. . .
When James King of William was shot
down in cold blood by James P.. Casey,
excitement raged to a fever heat and it
was Coleman' s steady hand which crystal
lized indignant protest into armed resist
ance,to rampant. lawlessness. The morn
ing after the murder the. members of the
old committee met at a hall on Sacra
mento, street near Leldesdorfr. Coleman
took the lead by penning a strong oath of
fealty to the cause to which they were
pledged. He suggested . that . each man
CALIFORNIA'S ARGONAUT BAND
19THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1903.
Y tPON the call of Charter Parlor No.
II I. theBe three parlors, by represen-
tation of five from each, met in the
hall of the one that Issued the call Novem
ber 30, 1878, and organized the first grand
parlor. The organizers were Jasper
Fishbourne, Frank J. Higgins, Ben J.
Worswick, John H. Grady and Henry
Lunstedt, of No. 1; W. G. Hawkett, W. A.
In his kindly, fatherly way, he ex
plained the object more fully to his au
dience, composed mainly of boys under
eighteen years, and urged them to organ
ize at once so as to make their first ap
pearance In the Fourth of July parade.
An organization was effected that night
and the following named signed the roll.
They are the charter members of the
Native Sons of the Golden West: John
A. Stelnbach, James McDermott, Abe
Meyer, John Wilson. Walter Loveland,
Charles Owens, Myles O'Donnell, L. D.
Patrick. F. G. W. Fenn, Louis Harris,
Raphael Prager. Robert Alkln, James
Bayless. E. F. McKenna, E. Bloch, Brod
erlck Temple and George Winslow. This
little band selected John A. Stelnbach,
who was at that time a Jeweler's ap
prentice, as president and arrangements
were made for the parade.
The first set of officers of the organi
zation were John A. Stelnbach. president;
Jasper Fishbourne, F. G. W. Fenn, S. P.
Harmon, vice presidents; C. H. Smith, re
cording eecretary; W. L. Jones, financial
eecretary: H. C. Stevenson, treasurer, and
F. Streeper. marshal. This election was
on the 11th of July, and from that time
what Is now known as California Parlor
No. 1 claims Its existence, although the
name parlor, which was suggested by
John E. McDougald, at present City and
County Treasurer of San Francisco, was
not adopted until some time later. At
that time, this organization, which con
stituted the entire order of N. S. G. W.,
was authorized by the constitution to is
sue charters to any body of natives of
the State who might desire to form par
lors and it was named Charter Parlor
No. 1. which changed its name to Cali
fornia in 1878. The next parlor formed
was Oakland No. 2, December 17, 1877, and
then Sacramento No. 3, March 22, 1S78,
and ever Blnce then the order has been
growing.
First Grand Parlor Has
Its Inception Under
Good Auspices.
Alta and the other papers boomed the
project and asked California boys to meet
on June 23, 1S75, in the place already
named.
Notwithstanding the fact that there
were thousands of youths In the city
at that time who could have attended that
meeting, there was only a very small pro
portion present. General WInn, who pre
sided, explained that for ever so many
years his mind had been running in the
channel of devising something that would
be a lasting monument to 'perpetuate the
discovery of gold In California, also to
keep alive the memories of the early set
tlers of the Golden State. He said that
he did not know of anything that could
better carry out the object than the for
mation of an order composed of native
sons of the Pacific Coast. That, he
claimed, would be sustained by pride of
parentage and place of nativity, which
would be an Imperishable memento — an
Institution that would last until time shall
be no more.
Springs Conception
of the Order.
THIS grand organization, which day
by day is extending Its llm
fta and usefulness as well
j.s influence for good, had its ori
gin at a meeting held in the San Fran
cisco Police Court room, called by Gen
eral WInn with the hearty approval of
the !ate General John McComb at the
time he was errand marshal of the Fourth
of July celebration in 1S75. General WInn
had for a number of years sought to carry
out his •"hobby," as It was called by
many, of forming a society of natives of
the Pacific Coast, for at that time his
thoughts went beyond the limits of "the
State, thinking that California was not
large enough to establish that which he
had in mind. But his efforts did not meet
•with much encouragement until he
broached the subject to General McComb.
who was then editor of the Alta Califor
nia. McComb told him. "Go ahead, get up
a society of native Californians and we'll
turn them cut In the procession." The
/N the early days of the great
State of California, that Bmplre of
the West that receives the good
night klsi of th« setting sun. the
anniversary of the admission of
the State. September 9, 1S50, was faith
fully observed by that band of valiant
men, who formed themselves In various
parts of the terrftorlal limits Into so
cieties of pioneers. Their ranks are
year by year being reduced by the sum
mons of that angel who surely guides
them to that home of eternal peace where
each will reap the reward for the pood
that he did for mankind and for the labor
In the development and upbuilding of the
most favored land In the glorious unity
of American States. In the days that
have passed and are now enrolled In the
first half century of the history of the land
of gold and plenty, the men of '46 down
to 'SO never forgot to observe Admission
Day. They were the prime movers In
every celebration cf that day, but as
time wore on and the silver begun to
appear In the dark locks and beards of
the Argonauts, the weight of years.
while It did not dim their ardor In regard
to Admission Day, reduced their activity.
They gladly welcomed in the middle sev
enties that young organization, the
Native Sons of the Golden West, when it
announced that It would willingly relieve
their ancestors of the patriotic duty of
observing the anniversary of the birth of
the State. To th« young men th«
old ones 6aid: "We have done our share
in the development of this glorious land
cf ours, we hope that you will take up
the work where we lay it down, that you
will strive by a!l honorable means to keep
the proud record of the State free from
blemish, that yeu will do all that within
your power lies to keep California one of
the brightest stars in the galaxy of
States, and that you. as an organization,
will never forget to observe the anni
versary of the State in which you were
born. Never forget Admission Day."
Little did the late General A. M. Wlnn.
the founder of the order, dream when
he conceived the idea of having an or
ganization of natives of the Golden State
to instill love of country that the order
which he founded would develop into the
grand institution to which It has grown
and will continue to grow until there shall
float over some public hall in every city,
town, village and hamlet within the
boundaries cf the State a banner bearing
the emblematic letters N. 8. G. W.
From General A. M. Winn
This order Is composed exclusively of
women, officered by women and legislated
for exclusively by women, and like the
Ladles of the Maccabees, It Is an Adam
less Eden. It had its origin in Jackson.
Amador County, the idea of forming, such
an order originating with Miss Lilly O.
Relchling, one of the daughters of a well
known resident of that place. On the af
ternoon of September 11, 1886. Miss Reich
ling presided over a meeting of about
twenty of her sex, In Pioneer Hall, and
explained her purpose of organizing an
independent order to be known as the
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
After many explanations, it was decided
to start the organisation and the name,
object and membership were set forth in
the constitution that was subsequently
prepared, subject to approval.
It declared that: "This organization
shall be known as Ursula Parlor No. 1,
N. D. G. W. Its objects are social inter
course, mental improvement and the gen
eral promotion of the interest of the mem
bers. Membership in this organization
shall be limited to white females who
were born in the State of California since
July 7. 184«." Those present, besides the
founder of the order, signed the roll in
the following order: Ellen Boarman.
Maggie StaBal, Rose Staaal, Nellie Fon
tenrose, Emma Boarman, Mrs. Amy Ba
dere. Kittle Murray, Agnes Leonard,
Celia Murray, Hettie Greenhalgh, Flora
¦ Dunning and Rose Genaro. Strange as
it may seem, Miss Reichlfng, who had
been working for many months to effect
such an organization, was not the first
but the tenth to sign the list. At the
second meeting the list was added to by
the signatures of the following named:
Ella Caminetti, Tina L. Kane, Olga
Relchling, Mollle Folger, Mattie L. Free
man and Lizzie L. Llndley. Before
The exclusively Callfornian organiza
tion known as the Native Daughters of
the Golden West, which is in a great
measure patterned upon the lines of the
Native Sons, has not, like the former or
ganization, taken the same activity in
the celebration of the anniversary of
California's admission into the Union.
Its fundamental principles are: social
intercourse, mental improvement and
mutual benefit; the uniform administra
tion of the rights and privileges of. tho
Order of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West; perpetuating the memory
of the founders of the State of Califor
nia; the increase and diffusion of knowl
edge arhong its members; the improve
ment of the condition of its membership
socially and materially by encourage
ment when In need, and by providing for
and comforting the sick and distressed
members of the order. Although the
basic law ot this order does not provide
that the members shall hold special ser
vice in honor of the anniversary of the
admission of the State of California, the
members have during the past few years
been asked annually by the Native Sons
to assist in ttie celebrations wherever
held and in many instances parlors of
Daughters have cheerfully responded,
adding much to the beauty of the cele
bration by elaborate display, beautiful
uniforms and pretty faces.
land, the fair daughters of Cali
fornia are cemented in a bond of fel
lowship which is calculated to inspire in
them undying love for their order and
the principles for which it stands. Alike
with the Native Sons, the Native Daugh
ters, starting from an obscure and un
recognized beginning, have planted their
banner in nearly every town of any con
sequence in the State and the end of
their growth Is not yet. They £orm an
organization of which California is justly
proud.
— . «DT to be outdone by their
i% /brothers in a loyal exempliflca
1 / m# tlon of love and patriotism for
* w the State which is their birth-
years the Native Daughters were tha
most attractive features In tha parada
organized by tha Sons. Not only has their
work been marked In parades, but whea
there was a call for Red Cross nurses, a
very large number of the Native Daugh
ters formed an independent society and
daily ministered to the needs of the sick
soldiers at tha Presidio and at Camp Mer
rltt.
There appears to be a charm about tha
order that not only draws many to it.
because of benefits that are offered, but
holds within the charmed circle those who
are members, because of the opportunities
that are offered for education, improve
ment and social attainment. When a par
lor has an open meeting for those who are
not members of the organization It does
not take them long to discover that with
the Native Daughters fraternity and »o
clabillty go hand In hand and that every
one is ready for pleasure.
The members of tha parlors In Sacra
mento have a project afoot which In
time will surround Sutter's Fort with
great shade trees; those of the San Joa
quin Valley are interesting themselves in
planting trees along the highways for the
comfort of those who have to travel un
der the rays of a scorching sun. The or
der has a relief committee that has done
much to relieve the needs of worthy sis
ters, and In conjunction with that is tha
Native Daughters' Home, which la a place
where members of the order who so desira
can secure the comforts which they aro
used to in their own homes, but which
they cannot have in the ordinary hotels.
Thus constituted and with such favor
able auspices the society la attaining
unto a larger growth and broader prin
ciples with every year ot lta history.
*+ LTHOUGH at first the Native Sons
M'W' were not inclined to fraternize with
•^-* their sister order, these bands of
prejudice have become nearly dissolved.
On every hand the members of the two
patriotic orders assemble in social inter
course, participate in debates and join in
celebrations of national and State holi
days. The two associations have come to
discover that they may be mutually ben
eficial, the one to the other.
In the great celebrations of recent
State for • several years, that the blos
soms so pleasing to the sight will con
tir.ue to awaken the admiration of stran
gers for our land.
Of late years the efforts of grand offi
cers have been directed along the edu
cational line, tha education of the mem
bership generally in the history of the
State. Several courses of study of
California history have been distributed
to all members. The increase of fraternal
love, one for another; the sinkins of self
for the good of the entire order; the ven
eration of the pioneers -and the glorifica
tion of the sacrifices of early days; love
of country, love of home and a patriotic
reverence for the American flag— these are
their tenets. To those members of t"h?
order who are school teachers (and there
are many of them) appeals have been
made to instill into the minds of those
whom they teach the value of a knowl
edge of the State in which they live, and
whenever possible to give them a lesson
Material Benefits Rise
to Crown Diligent
Work of Leader.
Present Officers of the Grand Parlors
Since the organization of the first Grand
Parlor the order has continued to grow
in number of parlors and members until
It has at this time increased from seven
teen parlors at that time and less than
a thousand members to ninety-seven par
lors with more than 5000 members.
The order has had several constitutions
and the original plan has been expanded
until now it is one of the first class ben
eficial and charitable societies of the
Coast, and the wonder is that its mem
bership Is not double what It now is.
Each of the grand presidents, and there
are on the list many who have proved
themselves most intelligent and capable
women, have done what in their judg
ment was an improvement on the work
of her predecessor. Whatever was done
along that line was for the purpose of
drawing favorable attention to the work
of the organization and to induce the
membership to advance the interests of
the State. '
In following out the suggestions offer
ed by the different presidents, the mem
bers in many sections of the State have
done much to beautify the public places
and many a neglected public park has
been made attractive under the super
vision of the Native Daughters. They
have, In the south particularly, given
much attention to the preservation of
the missions which have fallen Into de
cay; they are also taking an interest In
the proposed restoration of the great
highway .which extended from San Diego
to San Francisco In the days of the
Padres. They have interested themselves
to the extent of getting the people and
officials of the counties through which
the great highway passes to take a deep
concern in the matter.
In addition to this the Native Daugh
ters have devoted much attention in the
work of preventing the total destruction
of California wild flowers. Some say that
this is only a matter of sentiment, and
that the wild flowers will take care of
themselves in the future as they have in
- the past, but It is a noticeable fact that
much : of the most beautiful flora of the
Golden State Is becoming more scarce
every year, and it* is only by planting and
cultivating, as the Native Daughters have
been doing in various sections of tho
. After the" institution of the first nine
parlors, Ursula issued a plan for the for
mation ot a Grand Parlor, and this being
ratified, there was a call for delegates
from the seventeen parlors to assemble
in Pioneer. Hall in San Francisco, July 25,
1887. when the first Grand Parlor was es
tablished.
thirty days had elapsed sixteen additional
names were added to the- list and tho
charter closed, and so it was that the or
der was launched on the fraternal sea to
float or sink.
Inspiration of Founder
Bears Speedy Fruit
Among Members.
ym MONO the charter officers tha
£& founder was past president and
•A* Tina L. Kane the president, but
these were not installed with the other
officers until the following March. Dur
ing the flm few months of Us ex
istence Ursula Parlor had a great
deal to do in arranging the details for
carrying on, the work of a secret society
and the adoption of a satisfactory em
blem. At first a spotted deer was select
ed, but that did not meet with general
approval, and Minerva, the orlflamme,
sheaves of wheat and mystic letters P.
D. F. A. was adopted. This has since
been supplanted by the present emblem,
consisting of crossed American and bear
flags supporting a wreath of laurel and
oak, at the 'bottom of which is a ribbon
on which appears the letters N." D. G.
W., the whole surmounted by a glittering
star.
THE order has been a school
from which have sprung many
of the bright men in the State
—men who have filled and are filling posi
tions of honor and trust in the halls
at the national Capitol, In the State Cap
itol and In State and city government.
The majority of thes'e owe their prestige
as orators and successful speakers and
their ability as parliamentarians to the
education received In the parlors in whlca
they hold their membership.
In a period of twenty-eight years the
order has sprung* from a membership of
one parlor with eighteen members, to
one of 167 parlors with an aggregate
membership of 13,000 and over, distributed
in every county in the State. As the or
der has grown In age and wisdom much
has been done to add to the dignity there
of, and among rules Introduced to keep
up the reputation are those which pro
hibit the members from giving any 3un
day picnics in the name of the order, the
use of the name for political or business
purposes and the use of any intoxicating
liquor at any function given In the name
of the order.
Nash. Rod W. Church, Homer J. EvanB
and J. W. Bankhead. of No. 2, and H.
Clay Chipman, H. W. Taylor, J. W. Nix
on. George C. Kohler and Ben O'Neill, of
No. 3. The result of the election at that
meeting was a great surprise to Charter
Parlor's representative, for. It appears
that they had submitted a list of officers
with JUsper Flshbourne for grand presi
dent, but the representatives from the
other parlors formed a combination and
elected W. G. Hawkett of Oakland Parlor,
who had been selected for grand secre
tary, Instead. This drew forth a digni
fied protest from Grady and Worswlck
of Charter Parlor, who thought that In
view of all that Charter Parlor had dona
In building up the order It should have
been conceded the first grand president,
and they announced that Charter Parlor
declined any office. The matter was,
however, amicably arranged, and every
thing has been doing well since.
Aside from the beneficial feature of tha
order, which has been carried on to aid
those in distress, the parlors throughout
the State have been a factor in many so
cial functions and have also been promi
nent In public affairs that redound to the
credit of the State. It was the order of
the Native Sons of the Golden West that
caused that historical landmark, Sutter's
Fort, to be restored; they built a magnifi
cent monument to the memory of Jamea
W. Marshall, the discoverer of gold in this
State; they erected a granite monument
in Sacramento to mark the last resting
place of the founder of the order. The
parlors contributed money to purchase a
home for the widow of General John C.
Fremont, the Pathfinder; they have pre
served Colton Hall, in which the first
constitution of the State was signed, and
the old Custom-house at Monterey. They
are taking an active interest in the pre
servation of many of the historic land
marks of the State. Steps are now being
taken to erect a monument in Nevada
County where the Donner party suffered
starvation In 1846; a memorial window has
been placed at Mare Island to commem
orate the valorous deeds of Commodore
Sloat, who raised the American flag at
Monterey and took possession of Califor
nia in the name of the United States.
They have in contemplation many other
things which will prove it one of the most
progressive organizations in the fraternal
circles on the Pacific Coast— an organiza
tion that, while it primarily exists for tho
benefit of its members, is keeping faith
with the pioneers of California by helping
to develop the industries of the State and
advancing its interests whenever and
wherever possible. The reception by the
Native Sons of the Golden West of the
gallant California regiment on its return
from the Philippines, "he celebration of
the anniversary of the discovery of gold
and the semi-centennial celebration of the
State's birth are events that are written
in bold letters on the pages of California
history and they redound to the credit of
the order.
Renowned Men l%epre>
sent the Exalted Ideals
of Brotherhood.
NATIVE CHILDREN OF THE WEST
20/N painful contrast to this gay
and effervescent bright spot in
the great city's wilderness of
houses, Rincon Hill raises itself in
the widow's weeds of its departed
grandeur. There the very gables of the
old stone mansions are drooping In de
jection at the ever present spectacle of
the evil days which are now upon them.
Rust and soot have swathed the once
glistening: marble columns in mourning
bands. Some of the streets which once
resounded with the wheels of gayly paint
ed carriages now weeds and grass
forcing their way through the crevices
between the cobbles.
Years ago. when the full tide of the
gay society of the new city carried crest
ed millionaires on its flood, old Rincon
Hill was made the chosen place of luxury.
Stone mansions, brought in the kolds of
•Care-free as their youngsters, comfort
able matrons gather in groups before the
bread shops and paste makers' stores to
knit, and chat and bask 1n the sunshine
the whole day through. From house to
house the cheery 'badinage of turbaned
Margaritas and Lucias is passed, while
each is taking the air on hnr flower
decked balcony. Like the dwellings in
old Naples or Turin, a house in the It
alian quarter is not complete without its
balcony. The balcony serves as a recep
tion parlor or a place from which to
string the family washing.
It Is at night when the men have re
turned from their labors of the day that
the quarter i Is riotous with singing and
hearty laughter. After the clattering of
knives and the chatter of voices in the
restaurants has ceased, the harp and fid
dle in the wine shops and the walling
accordion of the wandering troubadours
in the streets take up the refrain of mirth
and jollity. The marionette theater re
sounds with the crash of mighty battles
between Rolando and II Glanto. In Gar
ibaldi Hall the Beneflcenzia Society ia
holding forth with dancing and a bounti
ful supply of good red vino. Everywhere
is there happiness and spirits bubbling
Tragedy of Lost Glory
Marks the Solitude
of Rincon Hill.
to swarms of tumbling, shouting chil
dren. Little tots with big, grave eyes and
smeared faces block the cracked side
walks with their hop-scotch, their jack
stones and their flea-bitten puppies tied
to soap box carts. Rollicking boys play
baseball on streets so steep that carts
cannot be driven on them, the lucky bats
man knocking the ball on the tops of the
houses half a block below. Often a troop
of ragged urchins bedecked in mock array
of priesthood, and swinging tomato cans
as censers, will be seen gravely conduct
ing a first communion procession. An in
verted, ash barrel, gayly draped with a
cambric flag and a bunch of glaring marl
golds, is the altar.
By day, when the swarthy Italian fish
ermen are all dipping over the waves
out by the Farallones, the rocky streets
and goat trails of the hill are given over
If one would learn a lesson in optimism
and the true lalssez falre mode of living,
let him betake himself to that part of
town where the houses totter on spind
ling props over yawning chasms, and the.
sidewalks are cleated like the gangplank
of a river steamer— little Italy. Here, on
the shaggy sides of Telegraph Hill, will
he find the most supremely self-contented
and light-hearted people of all San Fran
cisco. On the sunny slope of the hill and
down to the bay shore Is San Francisco's
colony of Altruria.
JAN FRANCISCO is pre-eminently a
place wherein to study life.
No city of the United States
offers such a cosmopolitan throng
for the pencil of a Hogarth or the
pen of a Dickens to depict as does this
swarming beehive of every race and con
dition of man under the heavens. From
Fishermen's wharf to Ingleslde, from the
Potrero to the Cliff House there • are
housed in tenement and in palace such
an olla podrida of God's humankind as
would have delighted Stevenson, that rare
teller of tales, or furnished ample ma
terial for the scalpel of that greatest
dissector of human life, Kmlle Zola.
Few San Franciscians themselves know
what a store of vivid human interest
studies there are right here In their midst.
It is only the prowling artist or the some
times erroneously self-styled Bohemian
who knows the joys of a plate. of ravioli
and glass of chianti in Luigi's little
kitchen up on Telegraph Hill, or who sees
the pitiful drama of decay among the old
time mansions of Rincon Hill. The typical
San Franciscan knows not the terra in
cognita of the water front; he never
watched the happy members of.* a Slavic
social club swing through strange reels
to the wild strains of some Hungarian
melody up in a dusty hall at North
Beach; he does not know Natoma street;
yet it is all of these things which give to
the life of San Francisco a dash, and a
piquancy which. makes it the most bizarre
city of America.
Colony of Jiltruria
in Our Midst.
Besides our masters of words, painters
and sculptors of our city have done their
share toward the advancement of our
finer natures. William Keith, the master
color poet of nature, Yelland, his success
ful disciple, and Miss Clara McChesney,
now winning fame in New York, have
all reflected credit and done benefit to
their city. Douglas Tilden and Robert
Aitkin make- the stone and bronze yield
to the touch of their skilled fingers and
body forth the divine idea of esthetic
beauty.
Little Italy, a Typical
sung us songs which will live. .Frank
Norris, the young San Franciscan whose
short life gave promise of wonderful
achievements, in his grim "McTeague,"
painted a living picture of his native city
which will last for years.
»»*ITH the rattle of truck and
IMy puffing of steam crane, the
*^^^ slithering shriek of pulley and
clank of chain, an army of stevedores
are overrunning the vessels from the least
to the greatest. Each dark hold is either
disgorging the treasures of other lands or
receiving in its cavernous maw the pro
ducts of our own shore to be carried to
the four corners of the earth.
Various as the cargoes are -the types of
men who make the water front their
Within a stone's throw of Rincon Hill
lie part of the docks, a link in the great
Cham of wharves, slips and moles which
embraces the water front In a great cres
cent from t u e Potrero away around to
Meiggs wharf. There is a- great, hust
ling, clamoring world by Itself. There the
strident voice of commerce gives itself
tongue without ceasing in the creak of
pulleys, the snort of tugs, the rumble of
laden trucks and countless other dins.
There feverish activity alone finds place.
With their noses all nuzzling the
wharves lie ships of all kinds— ships
from every clime. The round-bellied egg
scow from Petaluma rubs shoulders with
the slender little yacht from the South
Seas with Its fragrant cargo of pineap
ples. A makeshift river steamer with teet
ering smokestack and asthmatic cough
lies cheek by Jowl with a giant coal ship
from New Zealand. Natty army trans
ports, slovenly tramp steamers. Imper
tinent little tugs— all the various messen
gers of commerce are tied there in rows
like horses in their stalls.
Roaring Voice of Trade
Makes a 'Bedlam of
the Water Front.
Yet with it all some of the gallant old
mansions still would be deemed aristo
cratic as of yore. Like some seedy old
gentleman of a past age whose shiny
green tile and rusty black stock show the
marks of constant brushings, the old
Rincon Hill houses carry themselves
with an air. Despite the broken glass
of their conservatories, despite the shut
ters swinging askew on one hinge and all
the other shameful signs of their decay,
the grimy old mansions live on and on in
the pale halo of the memory of past
grandeur.
the olden days.
Now encroaching foundries and brewer
ies belch their grimy fumes Into the aris
tocratic old faces of the forgotten man
sions. Too often a clothes line stretches
from the convenient finger of the cherub
in the fountain to the carved grlffln on
the gate post. Drays thunder along the
streets where dainty barouches used to
roll. A saloon stands where once a fash
ionable flower garden supplied lilies of
the valley foi the corsage of a belle of
Typical Bits of Local Color of Odd Corners
ships from China, lined Harrison and
Bryant streets. Old South Park was the
promenading place for dandles of the
sixties and their bell-skirted ladies. Many
were the routs and balls given by gilded
princes in the mansions on the hllL
But fickle fashion decreed a change.
The elite gradually forsook the hill and
began to build new palaces on a new hill.
Nob Hill blazed forth and the old places
of the charmed circle slipped into decay.
Near brothers to these types are the
members of the confraternity of fruit
rustlers. Beer Is also the mainspring of
their existence, but it Is gained by hov
ering around the fruit and vegetable
boats from the Sacramento Valley and
watching a chance to turn an honest
penny. Should a crate of pears, hoisted
in midair by the steam donkey, suddenly
collapse and spread Its contents over tho
wharf. Instantly will the wily fruit rus
tler dart uDon the scene and gather
enough of the fruit to exchange with
some huckster for the price of a beer. In
the dearth of such opportunities, he will
search the piles at low tide for a certain
variety of boring worm which he can sell
to the dealers In fish bait and thus en
compass the object of his burning desire.
With these bright spots of local color
and others of as Interesting a character
does San Francisco lay claim to being
the cosmopolitan city of the United
biates. She has enclosed within her
boundaries the life of the world. She haa
within «.er limits all of the component
par^s which go to make up that great
product of the modern age— an American
citizen.
The Horseshoe Club is a collection of
choice mortals whose raging thirst is
their only mutual bond of sympathy.
Very rarely they act as stevedores for an
hour or two until the price of several
beers Is theirs and then they stretch
themselves on the friendly couch of hay
offered at the docks' end and doze until
the beer call from their besotted throats
rouses them to action again. 'The bitter
draining^ from empty beer kegs often have
to serve as their stirrup cup when no
prized nickel is in hand. Famous among
the Horseshoe Club was a character, now
in the potter's field, who claimed pre
cedence among his fellows through the
merit of a Harvard degree.
OF the water front by choice instead
of by profession. there ara
some who cannot be over
looked by the saunterer along the
wharves. These are the fruit rust
lers, the gentlemen members of the
Horseshoe Club and other kindred spirits.
The dregs of a great city, nearly akin
only to the morphine fiends and rum
drinkers of Chinatown, these lost souls
who make the docks their home are nev
ertheless types.
habitat. From the bellowing, red-faced
captain of a limejulcer to the colored
cook of a Bollnas butter boat there Is rep
resented every variety of race, color and
present condition of servitude. The florid,
loud-swearing British skipper, with his
great sea coat and oakum tuft of whisk
ers, puts his foot on the bar rail of some
"sailors* snug harbor" and drinks his por
ter with the keen-eyed, hatchet-faced New
Bedford Yankee, who has given up th©
fishing smack for the whaler. Gentle
voiced, soft-eyed Kanakas and brown men
from Pago Pago mingle with the raw
boned Norwegians from the deep sea
craft. Swaggering men-o'-warsmen, in
bell-bottomed trousers and open blouses,
roll down the line of swinging green
doors, burying their bronzed faces in
foaming schooners.
Delights of Horseshoe
Fraternity Members
on Dock's End.
Our universities are not the only fac
tors in the growth of culture in San Fran
cisco. Some of our own people have
arisen from our midst and pointed the
way to the Joy of living the true life.
Joaquln Miller, the Poet of the Sierras,
has laid a good claim to recognition as a
teacher of the beauties of poesy. Eq\wln
Markham and Edwin Rowland Sill have
Supported by the income from an enor
mous estate, gradually growing stronger
both in point of attendance and high rank
of scholarship, Stanford University is
now the Bister worker with the Uni
versity of 4 California in the great task
of educating the young, men and women
of the State and making San Francisco
the center of a new culture.
{% O near our city as to be justly con
a sidered a part of Its Intellec-
tual life are the two great uni
versities, California and Stanford. From
them there Is diffused a culture and
esthetic influence which strikes di
rectly upon the social and artis
tic life of San Francisco. From both in
stitutions extension lecture courses on
the humanities and sciences are given In
San Francisco and cities about the bay,
so that the strong university Influence is
made to permeate our society to a re
markable degree. A closer look at these
two great institutions will reveal the se
cret of their power.
On April 13, 1855, there was incorporated
under the provisions of a legislative act
the College of California, situated In a
grove of trees in the center of the hamlet
of Oakland. Of this infant college Henry
Durant and Martin Kellogg, recent
ly deceased, were the pioneer work
ers. By their indefatigable efforts
the first freshman class was collect
ed and started on Its scholastic career in
the fall of 1859. To the lasting credit of
the few intellectual spirits of the early
days such pressure was by them brought
to bear on the Legislature that finally on
March 23, 1868, a law was passed incor
porating the pioneer College of California
into the State University of California
and there was thereby launched into the
intellectual world of the country a strip
ling which was destined to become a
giant.
At the present day this Institution,
which was inaugurated with slender
funds and classes hardly numbering a
score, is second among American col
leges in point of attendance and ranked
among the six leading universities of the
country on the basis of scholarship. It
comprises in its faculty men who are
known throughout the scholastic world
for their contributions to literature, the
classics and science. One grand old man
of science, Joseph Le Conte, whom death
removed from his labors but\ recently,
carried the name of the university to a
high pinnacle through his labors in scir
ence. President Benjamin Ide Wheeler
is himself an acknowledged classicist and
a prominent figure in the educational
world.
Smaller in point of numbers but no less
great an institution Is Stanford Univer
sity. Situated in the beautiful Santa
Clara Valley, with all of the esthetic in
fluence of a great place of learning
breathing from its surroundings, the
spirit of Its president, David Starr Jordan,
even the quaint old mission flavor of Its
architecture, Stanford \ University is an
ideal spot wherein to live the Intellectual
life.
Stanford University was erected and
endowed by the late Senator Leland Stan
ford in tender memory of his son, Leland
Stanford Jr., who had died when on the
threshold of young manhood. In Novem
ber, 1SS5, a special act of endowment was
passed by the Legislature. Immediately
the first of a grand scheme of buildings
was erected and on October L 1891, the
doors of the new university were thrown
open.
Inftuence of University
Spirit Is Dominant
1 in Our Culture.
still exists as the dominant note of our
strong, clean San Francisco life.
Another feature of our San Francisco
life which has prompted the wondering
comment of our Eastern friends is its in
genuous generosity and good fellowship,
¦which is extended to native householder
and traveler alike. The city by the Gold-
en Gate has long been the favored spot
for the assembling of national organiza
tions in convention. Fraternal orders,
Christian societies and business organiza
tions have come here to find a smile, a
wreath of flowers and a hearty welcome
extended to them by San Francisco. Their
stay has been marked by a genuine en
thusiasm on the part of the municipal
bodies and the private citizens, vying, Ihe
one with the other, in their efforts to
spare nothing for the welcome of the vis
itors.
Wooliness Has Departed
With Past Bays and
Culture Reigns.
/F San Francisco can be kind to others
It certainly cannot do too much for its
own. Long will the record live of the
delirium of joy which marked the reception
of the battle-scarred First California Vol
unteers upon their return from Manila.
San Francisco had graciously decked the
guns of every soldier who had embarked
at her shores for wars In distant lands,
but when her own sons returned to her,
laden with honors of battle, she gave her
self over to a welcome such as has never
been accorded any one entering her gates
before.
This spirit of generous good fellowship,
•which Is characteristic of all California as
it is of San Francisco, seems to be born
in the blood. Pride of our State, our city,
a desire to show our heaven-cast bless
ings to those whom we consider, less
blessed by nature's bounty — these feel
ings prompt our sentiments in a measure.
But there is behind it all the spirit of- the
old argonauts of '49, who made the
mountains disgorge their treasure and the
valleys smile with grain field and orchard
by the travail of long years. They saw
that the land was a paradise and wel
comed others to a share of Its bounteous
rewards.
It has become proverbial that an Eng
lish tourist to San Francisco always car
ries a gun. Probably back in his club on
Piccadilly he has gravely discussed with
his companions the possibility of being
made to dance the high step on Market
street by some red-shlrted ruffian or hav
ing to flee for his life because he wears a
Bilk hat. This tourist, like so many of
his worthy fellow countrymen, has de
rived all of his knowledge of San Fran*
cifco from Bret Harte's books. He has a
vivid notion of San Francslco of forty
years ago.
But your typical Englishman Is ' too
shrewd to admit his surprise when he
comes here and meets gentlemen instead
of ruffians— when he discovers that others
wear silk hats and still walk the streets
unmolested. He finds, Instead of lynching
The secret of our San Francisco life Is
Us freshness, its spontaneous outpouring
of c'jo<3_ wholesome animal spirits. . We
are still new. We are still eager to grasp
the primitive things of life. We do hard,
healthy work and indulge ourselves with
equal vigor in hard, healthy play. A
epirit of comradery. born of the common
iellowehij? of our fathers, the pioneers,
bees and open gambling hells, clubs com
posed of college graduates, art galleries
and grand opera seasons. At last he must
put his treasured gun aw»y and get out
his frock coat, for the woollness has
passed from our city with the past and
we have renounced forever all the ro
mantic distinction which may have been
ours in the old days of gold.
Thus the startling antitheses run on.
Contradictions, surprises, absolute anom
alies there are in our San Francisco and
Its life. But therein lies the joy of living.
A Parisian once committed suicide
through the absolute ennui which arose
from having to be always buttoning and
unbuttoning his clothes. He lived In a
city which was burned out, where there
¦was nothing new under the sun. He was
hedged about with the conventionalities
«n a r-rare «ociety.
He wculd eee a vast city spreading away
on its Jumbled hills from bay to ocean
beach. Interminable streets, thronged
with a people like unto the sands of
Arabia In number, would etretch away
on every elde In a tangled skein. On
•very hand lofty pile* of «tone would
mount high Into the air, their pinnacles
cft-timea veiled In clouds. A thousand
swiftly coving vehicles would ppeed be
fore his eyee to ascend some impossible
hill like a fiy on a window pane. A rear
lr.g a* of the voice of the DJln would fill
his ears.
Verily th# astounded Aladdin would say
Chat this was the Imperial Bagdad of his
Areazns, the wizard city of the Thousand
and On* Tales. He would bow his tur
ban to the street in obeisance to the city
of cities, tha handiwork of the Genii.
Nor would the adoration of our old-time
friend from the East be -wasted on* tittle.
He would bow to the unseen power which
had raised a metropolis upon barren card
hills within the brief life span of a man.
His adoration wouh' be for this city,
arisen in a night, to be the stepping stone
of a sxeat nation In Us westward march
of destiny. Thrice would his forehead
beat the elSewa'k in his wonder at our
Babel tongues of people culled from every
corner of the earth, yet working in uni
son for the upbuilding of a great city; at
our speeding ehJps flocking In our habor
with the varied devices of the world's na
tions at their forepeaks; at our vast
working places and Emlllr.g, sunny play
grounds.
Truly San Francisco is the Bagdad of
America, It Is the city of wonders, the
place of surprises, the Mecca of true liv
ing. We have flowers when others have
snow. We have balmy winds when others
are broiled by a raping sun. Our city
roars with the trade of a continent and an
ocean, yet we have grass growing In some
of our principal highways. Our laws are
made by Americans for Americans, yet a
more varied people are subject to them
right In our own city than ever paid toll
unto Caessr. In San Krancisco one can
throw a etor.e from the granite palaces of
the princes of finance to the reeking hov
els cf Chinese. A street which is claimed
by th#» rich as their exclusive residence
location is also in Its lower length the
worst haunt of crime in the city.
JUPPOSE that Aladdin of hallowed
memory ehoulfl be •wafted over
Orient eeas en hl« magic carpet,
slip gracefully over Twin Peaks
end be gently deposited on Mar
ket street In front of the Call building:.
How he would rub his eyes and wonder!
THE SAN FKANC1SCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBEE 9, 10C3.
SAN FRANCISCO THE BAGDAD
AMERICA.
21count of the development of what inay b«
fairly styled the industrial period of Cali
fornia. That could not be understood ad
equately without some knowledge of the
first "days of gold." Over those days the
glamour of the past Is thrown and mem
ory fondly reverts to life at high tide,
but the fact is that the present of this
State ia more uniformly prosperous than
at any past time, and during the Inter
vening years the foundations for a cer
tain and wonderful advance have been
surely laid.
A gold deposit, being a definite quantity
of precious mineral laid down by nature,
is to be exhausted and expended. When
the gold Is out the mine Is valueless.
State's Achievements
mining methods that have been success
fully pursued In the beds of streams and
on the ledges and In fields where the
dredges have been worked advantageously
Is germane to the general purpose of this
article.
During a period of half a century Call
fornla produced. In gold, an average an
nual output of more than $26,000,000. ac
cording to the statements made by E. B.
H. Benjamin^ secretary of the California
Miners' Association, who had access to
all reliable sources of Information and
statistical compilations referring to the
mineral production of this State.
When the agricultural crop Is out of the
ground It only gives way for a new one
of equal worth. In California, where the
science of agriculture and horticulture Is
steadily advancing, the new crop has a
better outlook frequently than any of its
predecessors.
History of Operations in
Diggings Considered
as Continuous.
/N a «ense there can never truthfully
be said that In California any one
period has ever ended. The produc
tion of gold Is still very large, and will be
larger In' all probability. In the opinion
of miners of Intelligence the exploitation
of the quartz ledges - : of Califor
nia is not anywhere near Its most
productive period. To the front has
come copper, and probably petroleum,
the annual California output of each of
these mineral deposits being estimated In
the millions of dollars. The placers are
not completely exhausted. Auriferous
sands are worked profitably and on a
very large scale by the process of dredg
ing, which was unknown to the world
when the "Forty-niners" entered this fa
vored land.
As illustrative of the genius of the early
California miners and as indicative of the
mental characteristics of the Callfornlans,
an essential factor In considering the ad
vance of the State, some allusion to the
miles north from its original seeding at
San Diego.
With the olive and the orange Is nat
urally associated the nut. The walnut is
a native of Persia. The Franciscans In
troduced it to California at their missions.
In the mission yards are still to be seen
•walnut trees of the early plantings In the
eighteenth century.
Fevered Haste of Early
Miners Finds Only
Surface Gold.
/r is of common knowledge that Cali
fornia pioneers did not for a period
pay any systematic attention to the
developing of any Interest except that of
mining. Some enterprising men who saw
that there would be a demand for fruit
got possession of existing orchards. There
were few who Intended to permanently
remain in the country, the future of which
appeared to be largely dependent upon
the duration of the period of productive
gold placers.
The first gold period stands apart. It
was an episode In the march forward,
tilled with incident and adventure, with
the fever of riches suddenly gained, with
the tragedies which naturally resulted
from a hardly organized community - to
which bold and lawless spirits were at
tracted by riches that seemed to be easily
in reach of all: by unrest, enterprise, ro
mance; with life lived at high tension,
with disappointments bitterer than death.
On the following page appears an ao-
Hydraulic and Milling
Operations Succeed
Pick and Pan.
j-lROM th* primitive rocker for gold
JH mining to the mill of 100 falling
stamps for crushing the gold-bear
ing quarts Is a long distance, but nearly
every successive step has been first taken
In this State, where modern mining meth
ods had their origin and development.
Charles a. Yale, In a book published by
E. T. Benjamin, "California Mines and
Minerals," tells how gold mining ad
vanced from the start.
% In th* earlier history of sold mining la
California the main portion of the precious
metal was produced from the placers or sur
face washings, in the gulches, canyons and
river bara and beds. Oradually, however, as
was to be expected, the area for this kind
of mining was narrowed as the ground was
worked out and then attention was turned to
other sources of told supply.
Finding, as the miners of those days did.
these auriferous deposits at only certain points.
they very naturally looked for the- source of
the free placer gold. This led to tho (search
for quartz veins and also for the large beds
of auriferous gravel which were contained In
the hills of the mining counties of the State.
In time tho deep gravel deposits were found
and located and the quartz ledges were opened
and developed. Then the character ot the min
ing population changed.
In this connection it Is Interesting to
note that experience had to be relied upon
for advancement In all branches of indus
try In California. This has led to tho
sure and safe grounding of these enter
prises, errors being the best pilots after
all by showing clearly what Is to L*
avioded. There were mistakes in mining
methods, and there have been mistakes
In horticulture and agriculture, while
areas of land, In agriculture, have been
devoted to one special crop, which meant
that elth-.r there would be a large loss
or creat gain, so that the element of gam
bling entered very largely Into the prop
osition. But mining and horticulture
have advanced In this State far beyond
other parts of the world In many Import
ant particulars.
Concerning the errors In old mining
Charles Yale wrote In the volume before
mentioned:
In the earlier days of gold mining In this
State some very foolish and extravagant idea*
prevailed and many mistakes were made. As
a result many mines had to be abandoned after
more or less loss and people came to look
upon gold quartz mining as risky business. It
was found ultimately that the fault Uy more
with the men than with the mines. Basing
the entire yield of a lode on a few rich epecl
mens of ore from a chimney was found to be
fallacious; and . experience taught the lesson
that a good solid ledge of average ore was
far more valuable than a mere pocket mine
rich with specimens.
Mot in Mine Alone Does
California Find Her
Stored Wealth.
,—^"URINQ the first period of the de
g J velopment of California may be ln-
U eluded the beginnings of horticul
ture. The growth of all branches of
activity In California has been at
tended with stages of development.
It is Impossible to show with great
accuracy the progress of the march
of the Industries resting upon the culti
vation of the soil. There have been retro
grade movements. The phylloxera has
caused the rooting up of many vineyards,
but the discovery of resistant vines fol
lowed and the cultivation of the vine was
resumed on a great scale. Various crops
have been discontinued In different sea
sons for some reason, but, as stated some
distance back in the foregoing, no Indus
try and no branch of any Industry In this
State that has been planned In advance
¦with intelligence has been permanently
discontinued. All enterprises survive from
the beginning, If once interrupted to be
afterward resumed.
The gradual evolution of the fruit and
'agricultural Interests has made It profit
less to attempt a detailed review from
year to year, or from period to period In
this connection, at this immediate time. In
all directions agricultural and horticultu
ral areas have been extended. Not less
true Is It that the manufacturing and
shipping Industries and commerce of Cal
ifornia have also been attended with
stages of gradual development. On tho
succeeding page the present aspect of va
rious branches of Industrial endeavor Is
outlined In striking statistics that are de
rived from unquestionably authentic
sources. It remains here to give some
sort of a summary of the mining period,
which may be made to include the re
turns up to a comparatively recent date;
but no reader should Imagine that the
mining Industry Is anywhere near Its end.
The official returns of the California
State Mineralogist for the year 1902 aro
not yet at .hand. Consequently the data
of 1301 must here stand for Illustration of
the present condition of mining in this
State. It is of common knowledge that
the production of mineral oil. petroleum,
has not increased according to possibili
ties for growth. This Is not due to lacJc
of facilities. Producing California oil la
comparatively a new Industry and Is etll!
in a primary period of evolution, it has
reached a business basis to some extent
In that the speculative pertcd of gambling
CALIFORNIA was originally
thought to be valuable principally
for its gold. Its glittering first
American decades, when the aur-
iferous sands of the placers daily
yielded treasures worth the ransom of
a king were, however, only an augury of
a greater future than was revealed then
tc the ken of men. In the winter, green
with verdure and gorgeous from smiling
valleys to frowning mountain peaks with
the gay garniture of wiid flowers, Cali
fornia hinted dimly to Its new citizens of
the vast sources of wealth other than
gold that lay hidden in its soil and that
needed only the Midas touch of industry
to reveal them. In summer the great
land was tawny, like a lion, sunburned
fcr.d gold colored and the vegetation of
winter was absent. It looked dead.
As the sleeping beauty of the fairy tales
needed only the right prince and the right
hour to awake. 60 It was with California.
The original pioneers who dared the per
ils of the "great American desert" to
reach the Eastern slopes of the sky-kiss
ing Sierra or who sailed around the
stormy cape or '"crossed the Isthmus"
were pioneers In a much wider regard
than they have been commonly esteemed.
They found a new land and wrested Its
gold from It. They discovered a new and
enchanted realm, lying under the skies,
walled In on the east by a boundary of
lordly skyward limits and on the west
by the greatest of oceans, that reached
out to the Orient and chafed impatiently
the shores of two hemispheres. The pio
neer spirit persisted. The discovery of
gold alor.g the mountain streams or in
the quartz ledges or In the channels of
ancient rivers of a forgotten era of world
hlbiory was succeeded by manifold other
revelations, each equally as Important and
each the fruit of industry.
The surviving pioneers of California
and their sons and daughters and their
grasdchlldren and civilized man in all
portions of the world have learned that
the Golden Gate has become the exit and
entrance for the vast volume of com
merce that moves between the cities of
the United States and the farthermost
ler.ds; that no product of the soil of any
clime under the sun transplanted In Cal
ifornia has failed to thrive even more
luxuriantly than its original habitat; that
California has furnished a large part of
the food supply of the world; that Its
wheat, barley, fruits, vegetables and
vines are required dally on the tables
of millions of men and women in the
Eastern and Western hemispheres.
Over the high Sierra are constantly
passing long trains of cars carrying Cal
ifornia's vaxled\ output and bringing sup
plies needed for a large and rapidly In
creasing population. Here the fruits of
a semi-tropic and of the temperate zone
thrive with equal and surpassing perfec
tion. 'While science had demonstrated
that gold mining will be carried on for
centuries in California with profit and
that the survival of its original industry
Is assured as a great factor in the prog
ress of the world for ages to come, no
less has scientific research Indubitably
pointed -out the equally significant fact
that every pioneer effort in a new in
dustry for California is a success.
More Fruitful Than Old
Nile Is Alluvium
of California.
THE high Sierras furnishes water
power easily convertible Into elec
tric energy sufficient to run looms,
spindles, mines and manufacturing plants
of all kinds for the world. The desert
places that were supposed originally to
have been starved by nature and to be
unfruitful for man have become the
sources of supply of cheap fuel that is
practically inexhaustible and have solved
all questions that have arisen in this
State of manufacturing operations on a
gigantic scale.
It is a true Etory and eternally im
pressive that there are hundreds of mil
lions of the inhabitants cf Asia whom
California can confidently expect to
»upply more and more abundantly with
various necesfclties. Millions of acres of
fertile lands lying in California valleys
are yet virgin soil, capable of giving the
world an output In cc-reals and in fruit3
vastly surpassing In value the wildest
dreams cf tbe argonauts when they saw
the millions of gold that were secured
with the pan and rccker and the prim
itive appliances of mining that were in
vogue In the romantic days of "49"
The valky of the Nile is not more fruit
ful than these untouched realms of agri
culture and horticulture in certainties of
opulence. Withal the inventiveness of Cal
llortiia has never flagged. From rude be
ginnings California brought the science
of mining to its present proud eminence.
The cultivated flowers of the gardens of
the world had to be brought here. All
fruits that are now known in the United
States uud the more common varieties
were unknown in this land of California
until man ronveyed them thither.
Science has In California differentiated
and improved many fruits. The Burbank
potato lias now world wid^.vogue. "The
Riverside Navel" pioneered the way to a
large market for California's citrus fruits.
Xlcstlccs ingenuity has found out the way
to make the Smyrna fig thrive in the val
leys of this State by the simple device of,
transplanting the blastophaga or fig wasp
from the lands of the Mediterranean.
Confronted with insect pests that threat
ened the integrity of gr«»at hoVtlcultural
Interests, the facile minded Californian
has searched the world over and discov
ered the hostile organism that, preying
upon the pests, has destroyed them.
It may be profitable to turn a glance
backward and briefly review material con
ditions as they were known to the Ameri
can when they first visited California.
As the virgin lands were then so
they are now. The presage of the future
was before the eyes of the early settlers.
At first they were unable to divine the
greatness that was in store for their
adopted home. Experience and accumu
lated wisdom and manifold successes of
those who came after the pioneers, and
who are now leading this State to still
greater achievements, have opened the
book of the' future so that all may read.
What has been done in countless In
stances to make the land blossom- as the
rose can be repeated Infinitely.
The kiss of the ardent sun Is always
here during the long summer months, the
season of fruitage. Water alone is needed
to convert seeming waste areas Into vine
yards and orchards. From the desert that
encompassed him the energetic dweller
of Southern California has wrested its
domain and countless orange orchards
scent the air witti spicy odor and grow
heavy with golden fruit. Hardly any sec
tion of California in ,the valleys or in the
foothills but is stored with Incompre
hensible possibilities of horticultural
wealth. Water in many sections is not
lndespensable. Huge crops are produced
annually In orchards and fields where Ir
rigation is not practiced.
The Intelligent observer, passing
through the cultivated portions of Cali
fornia, may see as clearly as can those
who are of this State the future from
the light of the present. All that is neces
sary Is to have the attention of the world
intelligently attracted. The result is as
sure in its bearing upon the growth of
the population of California as Is the
diurnal succession of light after darkness.
Mission Fathers Plant
Seeds of Country's
Future Power.
/T Is due to those who have carried
California along on the highway to
ward her ultimate proud destiny to
paint occasional pictures of the realities
of the past, that their deeds may be ap
preciated, that the future may be dimly
foreshadowed. The realization of fifty
years more beside this western sea will
Infinitely exceed the highest expectations
of the present.
So then let us look back to the time
when the planting of California with its
present characteristic products began.
That was in the days of the historic old
padres. They brought the orange, the
vine, the olive, vegetable children of the
clime where sunshine is always opulent
and where man has bounties offered to
him, en every hand, by ever generous
nature. ,
Historic records tell us that the olive
tree was introduced into California In
17C9, from San Bias, Mexico, by an expe
dition of Franciscans sent to take charge
of the Jesuit missions in California.
The Russians obtained a foothold here
early in the nineteenth centurv, planted
an orchard of mixed deciduous fruits at
Fort Ross as early as 1812. The Russian
orchards, like those of the Mission
Fathers, were not planted from a com
mercial consideration, but to supply their
respective owners with fruit for home
consumption. However, like the corre
sponding industry In the south, Jt served
to prove that fruit would grow in Cali
fornia, and thus became the pioneer of
the present great wealth producing indus
try of the State.
The fruits introduced into the two sec
tions of the State were characteristic of
the countries from which thev were
brought. The chief fruits brought by the
Fathers were oranges, figs, grapes and
olives— all fruits of genial southern clime.
They met on common ground in Califor
nia with those of the more rugged climate
of the north— apples, pears and cherries,
—introduced by the Russian pioneers.
The varieties of fruits grown in the
missions of Lower California, whence the
Franciscans derived their stock, were few
In number and consisted of figs, citrons,
oranges, pomegranates, plantains, olives
and dates. There were no fruits of the
north temperate zone, unless it were a
few peaches of very indifferent quality,
•which did not thrive well and were not
regarded as worth much consideration.
The Franciscans made their first Btop at
San Diego in 17G9 and proceeded from
that point northward, establishing alto
gether twenty-one missions, the last one
being at Sonoma in 1S23. At each of their
missions the fathers planted orchards.
The missions were a very small part of
California, but they thoroughly taught
the lesson of horticultural possibilities, In
primitive aspect, to the Americans when
they came to dwell In their land. Hor
ticultural areas were extended Irrespect
ive of the latitude until now the orange
Is cultivated successfully hundreds of
In oil rhares In newly hatched eoxnpanfw
of questionable value has p&jsed vary
largely.
But the oil producing industry had dif
ferent conditions to meet at the start
than had gold. There could never havt
been enough gold taken from the «oU of
California to destroy Its market value at
any time, the fact being that the precious
metal U Itself generally accepted as the
basis of value and as containing real
value. On the other hand, mineral oil
that was sought with hardly less eager
ness than was gold a few years ago Is
subject to the fluctuations of th* market
and has had to contend with peculiar
conditions at the outset.
Acres stored with millions of barrels of
oil that could be brought readily to the
surface and made ready for transporta
tion to points of consumption at a cost
of a few cents per barrel have remained
untouched in myriads of Instances where
experimental - wells have demonstrated
conclusively Its existence. The evolution
of a market has been a part of the de
velopment of petroleum mining as an In
dustry. Bearing these conditions In mind
It will appear too evident that the oil
industry Is but In Its lncipiency, although
already of vast proportions.
The discovery of petroleum In practlo
ally Inexhaustible quantities In California
Is asserted by Intelligent observers to be
equal In its Importance, In the further
advancement of this State, with the find
ing of gold.
Statistics' Show Midas
Treasure Torn From
Granite Hills.
rHE gold output of California, In
cluding the year 1901, has been esti
mated by Charles Yale to amount
to $l,362,365,0SS. ' The greatest produc
tion recorded was In the year lSi3,
when the total was $31,291,700. The
gold output for the year 1S43 was
estimated with very different results, the
figures going from $243,301 to $10,000,000.
The conservative view la taken by Yale,
who la the statistician of both the United
States Mint In this city and of the State
Mining Bureau, and he places the total at
J2*3,30L
The next year the total rose to $10,151.
3C0. In 1SG0 the output In sold was $41.
273406; In 1S51 it was $75,303,232; la 1S52 the
total was $81,234,700; In 1854 It was J63.433,
931; In 1S55 the amount was *S5,4S3,335; the
year 1S56 made a record of production o£
$57,500,411. Then the product ran between
$40,000,000 and $45,000,000 per annum for a
series of years extending from 1S57 to 1S61.
Inclusive of both years mentioned. Then
came records In successive yeari of $33,
854.668. $23,501,736. $24,071,423 and ¦d'on. The
surface placers had been largely ex
hausted. The quartz, drift, hydraulic and
other mining eras, the latest being the
gold dredging period, were ushered In as
the gold Industry evolved.
Minerals other than gold har* been
found Incidental to the mining of gold.
Greater economies have revived old gold
mines that once were discarded because
the former owners did not know how to
make them profitable or because the im
mediate returns did not fulfill the glit
tering dreams that were entertained when
the deposits were unscientifically opened
for production. Great mineral Industries
apart from gold have come Into existence,
not sprung suddenly Into the light, but
produced by careful and systematic ef
forts following discoveries.
In the year 1901 the gold output of Cal
ifornia was J16.0S3.044. The total mineral
output of the State for the year 1901 was
$34,355,981. From this It will be seen that
gold In 1901 was less than half of the
value of the minerals of California pro
duced that year.
A discovery that may be of vast Im
portance to California and to the world
has been made in Death Valley. It Is now
supposed that there is a sufficient quan
tity of niter in that desert and forbidding
section to supply the entire world. For
many years Chile has had the monopoly
of the production of niter for the man
ufacture of powder for military and for
mining use. Two large concerns are now
exploiting Death Valley for niter. The
inhospitable sands of that torrid region
have long supplied vast quantities of bo
rax annually. If the expectations of the
men who are exploiting the desert for
niter shall be realized the deserts that
have yielded gold, petroleum In untold
quantities and borax w.N prove to be as
well enriched by nature as any part of
the wide area known as California.
By the banks of rivers, in the Cat. al
luvial lands that lie along the rivers and
by the mountain streams that foam down
the flanks of the high Sierra the new
gold dredgers are toiling In several coun
ties. In the north dally and nightly rise
the steam and smoke banners that teil
where the smelters are at work on Cal
ifornia copper. And in a large array of
counties there are forests of /flerrlcks that
indicate where petroleum is' being rained
to propel the machinery of California and
to be used in the furnaces of locomotives
and steamships. Clearly the mining era
is far from being ended. It will not come
to a close in a century yet. It will be
greater than ever In the "days of '«."> ,
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9. 1903.
TRIUMPHS IN INDUSTRIAL ARTS
22East per annum, and the general ship
ments of vegetables eastward has become
a large item for consideration. Fres
no has become the center of a vast
raisin Industry of California. A large
prune industry centers in Santa Clara
County. Nearly all th« deciduous fruits,
green and cured, raisins and canned fruit,
wines and brandy, that are shipped out
of California go from great orchards in
the north. Nearly all the citrus fruits
that are shipped grow in the southern
portion of California, but about 2000 car
loads were shipped last year from the
northern and central part of the State:
The shipments of vegetables are about
equally divided between the northern and
southern portions of the State. The
southern portion produces most of the
walnuts and the northern and central
portions produce the greater bulk of the
Progress in Arts.
556 in value. The wheat crop of 1901-2 in
Incidentally It may be remarked In con
sidering the large developments of the
State's industries, that the dairy output
of California In 1S02 amounted to $13,323,-
this State amounted to 931,013 tons. Bar
ley made a showing in clearances for ex
port from San Francisco of 4,281,182
centals.
tb» gand U 800 feet thick there should bo a
little 1ms than BOO, 000 barrels to the acre,
or a patch of twenty acres, roughly ¦peaking,
should five 8,000,000 barrels. It is claimed
by many of tha moat careful experts that
about 10.000 acre* In these four districts, vii.:
Kern River. Sunset, Midway and McKlttrlck
have been proven; by nroven we mean that
wherever on these acres you sink a well you
will most probably get oil. so that if you have
10, 000 acres of land, with aand 300 feet thick
(the real fact is that on a great deal of tha
above lands the sand Is over 500 feet thick),
we ought to have close to 600,000. barrels to
the acre or allowing for first and second class
land at' least 2.000,000,000. barrels of oil. ao
thera is no need of this generation worrying
much whether It will last our. time.
The discovery of the Kern River district
oil has led to the establishment of a great
refining plant by the Standard Oil Com
pany on the east shore of the Bay of San
Francisco, which must be considered as
one of the chief manufacturing enter
prises situated In this State. The shrewd
men at the head of the Standard Oil
Company have put their seal upon tne
claim that the oil supply is vast and
permanent by investing millions of dol-
Orange County, in Southern California,
ships nearly 1000 carloads of celery to the
deciduous fruits of all kinds showed a gain of
nearly 6000 carloads. We sent out of the Stats
of fruit, vegetables, wine and brandy by rail
and by sea. 77.5.5S carloads. Statistics of fruit
shipments are for calendar years. It Is not
possible to obtain them otherwise. The citrus
crop, unlike other fruit crops, commences In
November and continues into the next year.
The farm value to the grower of these prod
ucts' was about $.'!5,0C0.(HX), and this of course
Is exclusive of the income from local consump
tion. The farm value of our exported wheat,
barley and flour for 1902 was about $21,230,000;
the wool crop brought to the farmer $2,090,000.
figuring the spring and fall clips each at 10
cents r*r pound for the whole State; hops are
also largely exported, and the crop had a value
to the farmer of over ?2.00U.00O. and the beet
sugar crop not much less. But all these to
gether, making about $US.OOO.OOO, lacked $".
000,000 of reaching the export value to the
larmer of our orchard, garden and vineyard
products.
In the year 1902 Northern California,
after supplying her own large home de
mand, sent out of the State for con
sumption 4S7J50" carloads' of green decidu
ous fruits, dried fruits, -raisins, canned
fruits, nuts, citrus fruits, wines and
brandy and vegetables. In the same
twelve months the shipments abroad
from Southern California amounted, of
the same products, to 35,279 carloads, or
83,729 carloads for the entire State. It
would require a train 500 miles lone to
carry all this fruitage If moved at once,
which may convey some idea of the ex
tent to which, in this direction, the State
has advanced f ro» « being only a gold min
ing locality.
jjiOURTEEN districts in California
fi are now producing the crude petro
* leum upon which largely rests the
hope of California to greatly extend
Its field of manufacturing. Three
thousand wells are yielding oil
freely. The principal producing dis
tricts are the Kern River, Sunset, Mc-
Klttrlck and Midway districts In Kern
County, and the Coalinga district in Fres
no County; the Fullerton district in Or
ange County and the Santa Maria or Car
reaga district in Santa Barbara County.
The smaller, producing districts are Los
Angeles. Puente, Whittler, Ventura, Sum
merland, Bread Canyon and San Mateo.
These points range geographically from
Southern California to a point only a few
miles from the city of San Francisco. The
southern districts have been producers
for a long term of years. The promise
is that several districts will produce for
many years to come.
Dr. C. T. Deane, secretary of the Cali
fornia Petroleum Miners* Association,
makes the following estimate of the pro
ductive capacity of the oil fields that
have been discovered in Kern County
alone;
Tho life of an oil district depends upon the
number of proven acres and depth of the oil
sand. Experts . contend that about 20 per
cent of the sand is oil. and that about 80 per
cent of the oil contained in the sand can be
rtcovered; consequently, in a district where
Oil Gushes From Earth
to Drive Machinery
of Manufacture.
It Is Impossible to give the exact acreago of
the lands located for niter, but tho following
will give some idea of the extent of the beds:
The number of acres located in the Owl dis
trict is more than 6000. Saratoga district more
than 8000.' Upper Canyon about 40OO, Lower
Canyon about 3000. Round Mountain and Val
lf" more than 3000, Confidence 2500, Salt
Springs about 800. Tecopah 2300, Pilot, Danby,
Needles and Volcano 8000^-a grand total of
about 85,000 acres. The minimum thickness
of the surface niter is Hir inches. One acre
of ground contains 43,560 square feet. This,
at six Inches depth, is equal to 21,780 cubic
feet. This at seventy pounds per cubic foot
amounts to '1,624,600 pounds, or 760 tons per
acre, say 750 tons, 30,000 acres, allowing S00O
acres to bo rejected, amounts to 22.000.000
tons. . Tho analyi.es show that niter exists on
some of the claims rich enough to rival the
beds of Chile.
The growth of manufacturing in this
Btate gives promise of the future. The
figures of production are evidence of the
present magnitude of manufacturing ope
rations. It is not feasible,* with the space
at command, to review the advance of
any "particular industry or - to supply a
table showing the relative importance of
the various lines of creative effort. The
beet ; sugar industry has expanded from
an output of 1902 short tons in 1888 to 75,
090 tons In 1902. The oil-producing indus
try maybe traced approximately. From
the annual reports of a series of years
the fact is developed that, going back to
1887, the total output of California petro
leum .was of the value of only $1,357,144
In total, while the product in 1901, the last
date of complete and official statistics,
the total was $2,961,102. The price per
barrel fell off, owing to the great discov
eries In Kern County, and manufacturing
was greatly stimulated by haying such
cheap fuel; but, the quantity produced
was vastly greater in 1902 than in 1SS7,
the comparative figures being: Output in
the. year 1887, 678.572 barrels; output for
1901, total of 2,961,102. Since 1901 the total
production Is more or less of a matter of
surmise, but the figures will show a great
advance when they are prepared from all
available returns. Approximately, It 13
known that California last year produced
from 15,000,000 to 16,000.000 barrels. The
present year will largely beat the record
for 1902.
The oil Industry will be one of the
The saline deposits of California have
assumed great importance as sources of
wealth. The value of borax produced In
California in a period of fifteen years. In
cluding 1901, amounted to $10,458,643;
soda, to $1,096,500; salt, to $2,225,576. The
niter deposits are still to demonstrate
their value, so far as official returns are
concerned. In a special bulletin Issued by
the State Mining Bureau the veil of pos
sibilities in that direction is raised, and,
while the industrial advance of Calfor
nla Is considered, the statements made
omcally by the State Mineralogist are of
interest:
California's copper deposits have a remark
ably wide distribution, being scattered over
the length and breadth of the State and oc
curring In nearly every one of th» fifty-seven
counties. Thousands of dei/oslU have been
subjects of mining locations at different
times and hundreds have yielded at least a
few tons of merchantable ore aa a result of
superficial prospecting. There la hardly a
county in th« State that has not, at iom«
time, made at leaat such small contributions
to the copper supply. Such deposits, usually
small as far as revealed by slight development,
are scattered at varying 1 intervals along tha
borders of tha Btate and throughout •very
section of it except the detrltal deposits of the
valleys.
In 1901 the copper output of this State
was 34.931.SS5 pounds, valued at $5,501,782.
This gave this State the fourth place in
the United States as a copper producer.
State Mineralogist Aubury says:
ywLLTJSION has been made In a gen
&J* eral way to the two comparatively
W new mineral industries that, as
compared with gold mining even, contain
eo much of r Jomlse for this State, name
ly copper n Jning and niter production.
State .Mineralogist .Aubury makes the
statement that copper has risen to the
place of second Importance in the metal
lic production of California.
Ian fn bunding*, machinery and a pipe
line hundreds of miles long that runs from
Contra Costa County to the Kern River
fields, situated about Bakersfleld, the pipe
line extending the entire length of the
San Joaquin Valley. The transcontinental
railway systems are burning large quan
tities of California petroleum to make
steam for their locomotives. Ocean steam
ships have found ths California fuel to
be superior to coal and have altered their
furnaces to use oil. Hundreds of power
plants In the city of San Francisco adopt
ed oil as fuel. The crude petroleum is
employed in mining operations and may
yet be largely employed In smelting.
The thoughtful reader at home and
abroad will see in this presentation of
the general facts about California's petro
leum industry, necessarily -much con
densed to permit other material Interests
to be considered fairly, enough to Indi
cate that the foundation has been strong
ly and permanently laid for the future
greatness of California as a manufactur
ing State. Many refining plants have
been established to convert the crude pe
troleum Into marketable products. There
are thirty-three such concerns and they
turn out asphalt, lubricants, distillates
and coke. Last year California produced
21,634 long tons of asphalt.
Parched Desert Yields
Rich Niter Deposit
to Explorers.
Jk T^T les s must attention be centered
/V on the wide distribution of the
* ™ olive orchards i of California as
showing climate and eoll adapted to
the production of fruit. In twenty
counties, from Shasta County on the
north to Kern County, which is next
north of the Tehachapi range of moun
tains, the generally accepted boundary
between Northern California and South
ern California, there are growing (300,000
olive trees.
In 1S87 California cut little figure in the
fruit market outside of its own limits. In
1890 the shipments had reached 16.000 car
loads of ten tons each. In 1901 they
amounted to ai little more than 65,000 car
loads of ten tons each. The shipments of
vegetables have grown from a trifling
amount to more than 9000 carloads. The
beet sugar industry has expanded. The
output in 1902 was 75,030 tons, as against
2000 tons in 1888 and there remain thou
sands of acres of sugar beet lands await
ing cultivation. General Chlpman says:
The table of comparative rains and losses
of 1902 over the output of 1801 shows a rain
In green deciduous and cured fruits, raisins,
cuts, wines and grape brandy and a loss in
citrus and canned fruits and vegetables. The
lots in citrus fruits was 9820 carloads of ten
tone each, 250 carloads in canned fruit, 2216
carloads of vegetables. The rains were: 671.7
carloads of rreen deciduous fruits, 4493.7 car
loads of dried fruits. 426.1 carlo*** of raisins.
245.7 carloads of nuts and 262.9 carloads of
wine and brandy — the net decrease being 618.1.8
carloads. The decrease in citrus fruits alone
was one-third more than the set loss. The
Wonderful Development
Shown by Shipments
of Last Year.
mercial Museum Is Eugene Goodwin.
Along the chores of the bay of
Ban Francisco the smoke of scores
of new manufacturing enten>riEes dally
arises, showing the increasing commer
cial Importance of the entire State. Los
Angeles, the great city of the southland,
has had a large growth. Its building
operations have been extensive; its de
velopment solid and satisfactory. All
parts of California have steadily Im
proved In a material way: accumulating
wealth; giving rise to new enterprises;
strengthening old lines of endeavor; jus
tifying the hopes of the well wishers
of the entire vast commonwealth that
extends alone a coast line of £00 miles
south from the forty-second parallel of
latitude.
While tracing the forward march of
this Statti, It may be well to grasp one
significant fact as a key to all develop
ment. The stability of any industry that
Is once established In California is illus
trated by the fact that the gold output
of the State runs $16,000,000 per annum on
the average and often It surpasses that
figure. The gold mining industry has
been alluded to at some length on the
preceding page. It is more than half a
century old. The newer principal indus
tries now come In for extended mention.
Any Californlan being asked what home
industry, apart from manufacturing, con
tains the greatest promise for the future
of California would undoubtedly indicate
fruit culture. Areas devoted to grain are
very large. In many places thi great
ranches that were once exclusively de
voted to trowing wheat have been sub
divided and the policy <-f having
40,000 acres In one wheat ranch, which
was among the phenomena of the earlier
days, coupled with an ambition to raise
1,000,000 bushels of wheat per annum on
one farm, has been discarded.
Many wheat ranches have been turned
partly into fruit orchards or vineyards
for either table or wine grapes. So in
certain sections wheat growing has di
minished its area, but other virgin lands
have been brought under cultivation In
wheat and barley. For a century at least
and perhaps forever California will be a
strong claimant to the credit of supply
ing a large amount of daily bread to the
citizens of Europe, of the United States,
of the Islands of the Pacific Ocean and
of the countries of the Orient.
Fruit gTowlng in California is one strik
ing indication of the extent to which this
State has digressed In one direction from
its oil position as almost exclusively a
go!d yielding State. Figures and con
current facts In this regard are striking
and furnish a rarely interesting theme
for the contemplative observer of Califor
nia's Industrial advancement.
The foremost authority In California on
statistics-relative to the fruit industry In
this State is probably General X. P. Chip
man, who has annually, for a period of
years, compiled a comprehensive review
of material conditions for the California
State Board of Trade. There are 40,000,
000 fruit trees In bearing In California, as
shown by the returns of County Asses
sors. Undoubtedly many trees escape the
attention of the Assessors and the full
showing, if it could be made, would be
even more imposing. Oranges are grown
on 5,000.000 trees; lemons on 1,500,000 trees.
Other fruits are represented in round fig
ures by the following approximate show
ing: Apples, 1.3S6.200 trees; almonds,
1.161,000 trees; apricot, 2,305.200 trees;
cherry, .VW.000 trees; figs. 200.000 trees;
olives, 1,000.000 trees; peaches, approxi
mately, 6,000,000 trees. The remainder of
the 40,000,000 trees before mentioned Is
subdivided between the pear, plum, nec
tarine, prune, quince, walnut, pomelo and
lesser reoresented varieties.
/N* the modern order of things there
are commercial bodies that have dis
tinctive aims and perform separate
functions in behalf of the business inter
ests of San Francisco.
The Merchants 1 Association has hun
dreds of busings houses enrolled in It*
membership. It aims to be a factor in
all that tends to advance the welfare of
the municipality of San Francisco.
Frank J. Symmes is the president.
The Merchants' Exchange is headed by
William Babcock as president. The func
tlors of the exchange lie largely in the
direction of fostering the grain trade and
the sea commerce of this port.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation of California has se'ected for
Its field of activity the encouragement of
home industries. Andrea Sbarboro is Its
president. Mr. Sbarboro is also the pres
ident of the California Promotion Com
mittee, an organization that was formed
to supply Information about California.
The California Slat* Board of Trade has
been long in its existence. It keeps in
touch with all material interests of Cali
fornia and maintains a large, permanent
fr^e exhibition of California products In
the Ferry building at the foot of Market
street. General N\ P. ChipKan is its
president.
George A. Xewhall is the of
the Sail Francisco Chamber of Commerce,
a deliberative body which considers and
arts upon all topics that relate to the wel
fare of the «*ea commerce of Sa'h Fran
cisco and also takes lively Interest in
many directions. --j '¦•«;.;
The San Francisco Board of Trade, of
which A. A. Watkins is the president.
Is composed of many wholesale, houses
es members. It considers public ques
tions on common ground with the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce.
The Pacific Commercial Museum was
formed to Demote the commerce of the
States of the Pacific Coast with the coun
tries of the Orient, with the Islands of
the Pacific Ocean and with the repub
lics of South and Central America, It
Is doing very useful work along these
lines. The director of the Pacific Com-
in Charge Interests
of Whole State.
CALIFORNIA of to-day has passed
the stage of experiment very
largely. It has reached a period
wherein bo much that has been
desired has come to fruition, and
ca a larger scale than could have been
fceped for a few years ago. as to afford a
¦tanfiard by which to consider the future.
In the past five years the fuel problem
cf the Btate has been completely solved
by th« dlacovery of almost Incalculable
CuaatlU*a of mineral oil In Kern and oth
er counties. Supplementary to these the
Cevelope*nt of electrical power has been
accomplished oa a very extensive scale,
¦o that dries at long distances from the
Blerra am lijrhted and supplied with me
chanical energy at a minimum of cost.
In the eane period San Francisco, the
principal part for the passage of com
merce by eea, has outgrown its old ac
commodations for shipping and haa been
compelled to «jnlarg» its wharves; has at
tracted the attention of the National Gov
ernment, by which the establishment of a
rreat coaling station near to the city Is
planned; has been connected with the
Orient and Islands of the Pacific Ocean
by a direct cable; has demonstrated- the
feasibility of the use of Its new fuel and
electrical power, which stand In lieu of
coal; has added eteamshlp lines to Its ma
rlr.e array and has largely Increased the
facilities of the old lines.
It stands with two transcontinental
roads within Its gates, and ready to wel
come others eoon to come. It has enlarged
its manufacturing and trade area vastly.
It ha« taken i:*> new methods and has
demonstrated that there are many manu
facturing lines in which it can success
fully compete with the East. It has be
gun a new era of building, erecting costly
and expensive business structures com
mensurate in plan and expense with the
Imminent gilded future. It has become
endowed with a new Interest for the en
tire world E'.nce the guns of Dewey thun
dered In Manila Bay by appearing to the
people* of ail the world as the manifest
rateway to the trade of the Pacific and
of the Orient. It sees the approach of the
construction of an isthmian canal, which
will ehorten by thousands of miles the
distances that California products have to
eo by sea. to reach the great polnta of dis
tribution and consumption of the earth,
ar.d eo has in view a new agency in the
cost cf moving freights that all rail lines
crossing the continent will be compelled
to recognize la making their charges. It
rotlces with Interest the expendi
tures that the transcontinental rail
roads are making to shorten and im
prove their lines and to lessen grades
that they may be successful competitors
with all transportation schemes by land
or by eea that may come Into use. In
short. Ban Francisco, as the outpost for
California, contemplates a dazzling out
look and an extent of actual accomplish
ments that embody so general a revolu
tion of old-time conditions that they are
sufficient to make of this State, Indus
trially and In all material ways, a new
California.
Commercial Bodies Have
California supplies itself very largely
-with food, wines, etc Its foreign markets
and American markets are steadily ex
panding. In 1901-02 San Francisco exported
9,671,107 centals of wheat, 1,173,215 barrels
of flour, 4.2S1.1S2 centals of barley. . The
value of the wheat and flour that was
shipped last year was $14,433,321. The 'pack
of canned goods last year amounted to
2,141,650 cases, each containing twenty-four
tins of ZVi pounds each. Growth of thla
port was also manifested by the increase
in the customs receipts, which reached
the large total for the year 1902 of $7",64S,
433 83. Seven years earlier, namely, In 1893,
the total annual customs recefpts wera
but $5,4SS,S97 12. The internal rever.ua col.
lections for the last full calendar year
were $2,892,760 33. Of this total the sum
of $1,040,861 36 was paid on spirits.
The latest authoritative figures .con
cerning the extent of the manufacturing
Industries of California are found In the
census reports of 1900. According to that
authority, the total value of all manufac
tured Califorlna products in the year
named was $302,874,761, which was an in
crease of $S9,470,763 over 1SW1 The value
of live stock in California on January 1,
1903, is estimated by the United States
Bureau of Agriculture at $79,067,976. Many
new industries have been started each
year since 1900, and the output of manu
factures during the year 1D03 will greatly
exceed those of any preceding twelve
months In the history of California. In
the five years from 1S97 to the close of
1902, the bank clearances of San Francisco
rose from $750,789,143 91 to $1,373,362,025 31.
Last year wine and brandy were shipped
out of the State by sea and rail to the
amount of 8S63 carloads of ten tons each.
The lumber production of the State in
1902 reached the total of 663.179,680 feet.
The reader will probably be filled with
amazement that in one State should ex
ist such great diversity and magnitude
of products. The facts must remain
sadly Incomplete without, at least, a cur
sory glance at the great ship building In
dustry that centers at the port of San
Francisco.
The naval construction at this port by
the Union Iron Works, in a period of
fourteen years, for the United States, has
included the battleships Oregon and Wis
consin, the cruisers Charleston, * San
Francisco, Olympia, Tacoma, California,
South Dakota and Milwaukee; the gun
boats Marietta and Wheeling; the moni
tors Monterey and Wyoming; the tor
pedo boat Farragut, the torpedo boat "de
stroyers Perry, Preble and Paul Jones;
the submarine boats Grampus and Pike.
The values represented by this fleet of
twenty vessels is $27.16o,000 for construc
tion only. Some of these ships have world
wide reputations, especially the Oregon
and the Olympia. The Japanese cruiser
Chitose, that cost $1,500,000, was built at
the Union Iron Works. So were - the
steamships Alaskan, Arizonan and Cali
fornlan, the Peru, St. Paul, Senator, Po
mona, Spokane, Helene, Maul, Llki-likl
and other steam vessels.
Since 1837 there have been constructed
on the Pacific Coast and documented at
San Francisco more than 600 steam and
sail vessels, the collective values of which
run high into the millions of dollars.
At the date of the last completed fig- ,
urea for the whole State, the value of
the property of California for assessment
purposes was $1,230,730,465, the returns be
ing for the year 1902. The total value "of
property In California in 1S32. when gold
was at flood tide in this State, was $64,
579,375. PerhaJSs a stronger • contrast be
tween the material conditions In "ths
days of gold" and those of the present
day cannot be found than In this advtr
sion to the matter of real value*. ,
Y AST year .San Francisco shipped
/ merchandise to foreign countries
*^ and to the Atlantic States of the
United States by sea to ths valu*
of $47,601,422, and Imported by sea
during the same year (36,073,220.
making the volume of sea commerce alon*
$83,679,692 for twelve months. The highest
sold production that the State Is credited
•with In any one year Is $31,234,700, this be
ing In the year 1S52. The foreign trade of
this port in 1902 was Illustrative of the
wide scope of the enterprise of California
since the exclusively gold days.
Great Britain bought of California mer
chandise to the value of $13. 251,433; China.
$5,966,519; Australia, t3.4SS.lS5; Japan, $4.
063,710; Central America, $2,263,660; Mexico.
$1,643,557; British Columbia. $1,120,170; the
Philippine Islands. $1,118,813; South. Africa,
$733,220; Asiatics Russia. $214,813.
Last year Ban Francisco exported' in
treasure J14.S31.7S3. The treasure Imports
during the same twelve months amounted
to $10X92.232- The sailing vessels arriving
at thla rXilt.in 1902 from foreign and At
lantic por» «Mmbered 431. and the steam,
ships arriving from foreign and Atlantic
ports numbered 418. During 1902 there were
cleared from this port 429 sail and 423
steam vessels.
greatest on the Pacific Coast and If th»
yearly valu« of tho output does not large
ly surpass the value of the annual gold
production of California In a few years
all observers of current events are mis
taken.
Messengers of Trade
Carry Our Products
to Every Land.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1908.
DAWN OF CALIFORNIA'S GREATNESS
23THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9. 1903.
24