PRTCE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCV—XO. 28.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, DECEMBER* 28, 190.*:.
PARIS. Dec. 27. — A duel with
swords was fought this morning be
twe^ti Captain Levy of the Fifth Reg
iment of Engineers and Henry de Mol
ry, a leading anti-Semite. Captain
Levy was wounded in the arm. The
tr.'O ional results of French" duels
were not followed in this case, for the
opponents remained unreconciled. The
duel was the outcome ''of an alterca
tion over the Dreyfus case.
Captain Levy Is Struck in thr Arm
by His Antagonist and Both
Retire Unreconciled.
* JtlEXD OF DREYFUS
WOUNDED IX DUEL
HONOLULU. Dec. 21. — After a trial
lasting more than three weeks E. M.
Jones, accused'of the murder of Mrs.
Sarah Parmentar on August 23, last,
was found not guilty by a jury in*
Judge Gear's court. The defense was
insanitj% Jones shot and killed , his
divorced wife and Mrs. Parmenter, his
wife's mother, shortly after midnight
of August 22. His trial was one of the
longest and hardest fought legal bat
tles ever held here. He Is still under
indictment for_ the* murder of Mrs.
Jones and will be tried on that charge
at the next term of court
Honolulu Man Charged With the Mur
der of His Wife Released After
Hard-Fought Battle.
Xcw York Leader Speaks Out in Open
Concerning the President's
Aspirations.
' NEW YORK, Dec. 27. — Senator
Platt announced to-day that the Re
publican State Convention to elect
delegates at large to the national con
vention and adopt resolutions of in
structions defining the attitude of the
State toward President Roosevelt would
be held in April. \ r
Senator Platt ' was asked whether
the convention wpuld adopt resolu
tions instructing the New York dele
gation to vote for the nomination, of
President ' Roosevelt in the national
convention. He replied:
"I suppose the resolution -will, de
clare for President Roosevelt. ' We are
all for him."
"ALL FOR ROOSEVELT,"
SAYS SENATOR PLATT
JONES 'IS ACQUITTED
OX INSANITY DODGE
ROME. Dec. 27. — News has been re
ceived here that Captain Bisco, com
mander of the Italian squadron in
Somaliland, arrived at Obia on the
flagship Cristoforo Colombo, from
which point he sent emissaries to the
interior, having been given to under
stand that the Mullah was disposed to
treat with Great Britain through the
Italians.
The Mullah is believed to be. in an
almbct desperate condition, owing to
the lack of a good base of supplies.
There is, however, no belief in the
pood faith of the Mullah, as it is
thought his alleged disposition t© treat
with Great Britain through the Ital
i«m officers is merely a strategem to
i>in time while waiting for supplies.
Dervish Chief in a Desperate Posi
tion and Is .Making Play to
Gain Time.
BRITAIN HAS LITTLE
FAITH IX JIAD MULLAH
spondentsays that all classes of Chi
nese-unite in the belief that In the
event- of- war China .must help the
Japanese, and that if this help should
not be. given -there will be a patriotic
insurrection against the Manchu dy
nasty.
The Times* Peking correspondent,
discussing how China meet Ihe
situation in the event of war between
Russia and Japan, says that China will
n&t voluntarily take Up arms, but that
Russia may attack China. He quote3 the
remark of Paul Lessar, the Russian
Minister to China, answering the query
on what pretext Russia could ad
vance on Peking, China's sole desire
being to maintain an inflexible neutral
ity, Lessar simply replied:
"We will pull their tail until they
bite." /
The correspondent believes that
Great Britain fails to appreciate the
significance of the present situation,
and ¦ adds that the Japanese prepara
tions, in contrast with the policy of
Great Britain, are more complete, thor
ough and detailed than the world prob
ably has ever seen. One victory would
give Japan immense prestige In Peking
and micht Influence China to assist
Japan and bring the Russo-French al
liance into operation.
The Times correspondent goes on to
say that-Uchida, the Japanese Minister
at Peking, deserves the greatest credit
for having checked China from com
mitting herself by agreement with Rus
sla'regarding Manchuria.
edict, at the request of Prince Chlng,
appointing several unknown and prob
ably inexperienced officials as heads of
the army departments. One such has
been appointed director of training, an
other has been* given command of the
department of instruction, while a third
has been put in charge of the depart
ment which has to do with the supply
of ammunition.
Influential officials continue In their
determination to keep China neutral, if
possible, in the event of war.
BUENOS AYRES, Dec. 27.— It is an
nounced here that the Argentine men
of-war Moreno and Rivadavla, built at
Ansaldo's yards in Italyf have been
sold by the mediation of the English
firm of Antony Gibbs & Co. for £1,500,
000 ($7,000,000), but the Government does
not say what nation is the real pur
chaser. This is the same firm which
recently bought two English-built
Chilean warships, the Constitucion and
the Libertad.-the purpose of which pur
chase according to a cable dispatch was
to prevent their falling Into the hands
of Russia, which also was bidding for
them. ? ' . J
LONDON, Dec. 28.— At the - time ¦¦ of
the, recent purchase of the Chilean war
ships Constitucion and Libertaditwas
reported that they had been bought by
the British Government. This proves
to have been erroneous, the warships
having been purchased by a private
firm. It is the current belief that they
will be added to: the- navy of Japan,
along with theMoreno and the Riva
davia, which the same firm ; has just
purchased of the Argentine j Govern
ment. ,
. Japan also is negotiating 1 for -the
Chilean warships Esmeralda andjCapi
tan Prat, and It is probable the -Toklo
'Government will soon become the own
er.-of these vessels. . , ,.
Japan's activity in the acquisition. of
warships^ which are ready for Imme
diate service is the most alarming fea
ture of the news respecting the Far
Eastern situation to-day.
The Dally Mail's Kobe correspondent
asserts that the Japanese army : author-
Ities have requested -the newspapers to
refrain from -publishing news concern
ing the movement of/ troops or other
warlike preparations. In an editorial
the Daily Mail says It regards this as
a' practical censorship and an ominous
sign. ,
Editorial articles . in . other i morning
newspapers expres concern - over the
movement of foreign, warships toward
the Far East, and particularly over the
Etatement that United < States marines
have been ordered to Korea, fearing
some unforeseen incident may. precipi
tate a crisis.
On the other hand, the speech'deliv
ered by M. Delcasse, the French For
eign Minister, in the Senate Saturday
(saying that nothing had occurred .to
cause him to place faith in! the alarm
ing reports that were being published
daily) is looked upon as reassuring, and
It' Is believed that the efforts ,' of ¦' the
powers may still be successful In pre
serving peace. ,,
The Daily Mall's Tokio correspondent
reports the opening of negotiations with
Prince Ching's party. with the object of
forming'an offensive and defensive al
liance between China and Japan.
The Morning Post's Peking corre-
Xanmqunland Tribes in Revolt.
CAPE TOWN. Dec. 27. — A general
Insurrection has broken out among
the Bondelzwartr tribes In Great Na
maqualand. German Southv/est Africa.
The insurrectionists have collected In
the Kora Mountain*.
CLAMOROUS FOR A FIGHT.
War Party in the MHtado's Realm Is
Growing in Strength.
PEKING, Dec. 27. — The opinion enter
tained, by. the best informed diplomats
in Peking, that war between Russia
and Japan is probable and almost In
evitable,, remains unchanged.
.Nothing has been received here to
corroborate the special dispatches from
Tokio, which said that the Japanese
Government was adopting an -impera
tive tone In pressing for a speedy reply
to this last note.- The report is not be
lieved.' i'Jl'Yl
'Official communications received here
from. high sources say that the Japa
nese war party is growing In strength
and is bringing all Us influenoc to bear
upon the Government.
The : Chinese - Board of War has or
dered the; Viceroys to supply full in
formation as to the numbers of foreign
trained troops available for active ser
vice. • Tho Viceroys of three of the cen
tral provinces. In response, have report
ed that 90,000 such troops are in readi
ness. This unquestionably Is a remark
able exaggeration, ,3s. the majority of
foreign trained troops exist only on pa
per. ' -
The Dowager Empress has • issued an
"My interests were naturally cen
tered In the fortifications of Pearl
Harbor, but every portion of the island
Speaking of his tour, he said: "We
made a complete and thorough military
inspection : of the island of Oahu, that
is, of all that part that was In any
wey accessible. Our tour was really
an exhaustive examination into the
military situation, from which I will
make my report to the Government at
"Washington.
"We thoroughly looked into all its
needs and requirements, and we are
now fully in a position to know what
is needed for its best interests in the
shape of military protection and de
fenses.
Major General Arthur MacArthur,
commander of the Department of the
Pacific, returned yesterday on the
steamship Siberia from his tour of in
spection of the Hawaiian Islands,
where he had gone to look into the
military situation at that place. He
returns In the best of health and an
nounced that he was greatly pleased
and satisfied with the trip.' He. talked
pleasantly and volubly of the islands,
their condition and prospects, but
when asked concerning the alleged
statements attributed to him, which
were given so much publicity recently
by Colonel Jones, regarding the pro
phecy he had made In Honolulu of a
clash of arms between the Unitell
States and Germany in the near future,
his manner suddenly changed and,
drawing himself up to his full height,
he firmly said: "I positively decline to
discuss the matter: it-is not a subject
for discussion;" and, with a wave of
his hand, he dismissed the subject and
swept It aside as a thing of the past.
OAHU IS IXSPF.CTED. .
General MacArthur was much in
terested in the affairs in the Orient,
and one . of his first questions was:
"What is the latest news of the Japan
war question?" When Informed of the
situation, he changed the subject with
out comment and went on with a fur
ther account of his visit to the islands.
When asked if there was any truth in
the report that his visit to the islands
had been cut short, by reason of the
Government cabling him to return to
his post to be,in command here, should
the affairs in Panama come to a crisis,
he replied: -
"Well, I'm here," and then • again
returned to the subject of his tour.
When Informed that the transports
Crook, Buford and Sherman had been
ordered by the Government to be Im
mediately placed in; seagoing condi
tion, he stated that j it was news to
him. •
The general stated that the trip up
on the Siberia was a very fine one, and
greatly enjoyed by all on board. The
general was accompanied by Mrs. Mac-
Arthur and his aid, Captain Parker
W. West.
INTERESTED IN ORIENT.
received our best attention. The trip
about Oahu was very instructive and
very inspiring. My report will be full
and complete, but to what extent the
Government will be guided by it I can
not, of course, state. Nor can I make
any statement regarding the details
of my work regarding the situation for
posts . and defenses that I have sug*
gested as desirable. We were much
impressed with the great sugar planta
tions and the wealth that they repre
sented. The islands are certainly a
most valuable acquisition to this coun
try and must be seen to be fully ap
preciated and understood.".
Special Cable to The Call and New ,Tork Herald. Copyright. 1903, by the New York Her
ald Publishing Company.
General Mac Arthur Returns From Hawaii, Talks
of Tour, but Is Silent About Jones Episode. ,
On Wednesday of last week two
men went to the Savoy Hotel, at Niag
ara Pa'ls, Ont., and registered from
Chicago. One of them gave his name
as F. S. Hail and the other W. K. Hall.
1-ast night Chief of Police Mains of
in* Ontario force received a telegram
asking him to arrest F. S. Hall, who,
th* message said, was wanted in New-
York on a charge of forgery.
Hall has engaged counsel and will
light extradition. He refused to make
a statement further than to declare
that he had committed no crime.
The description of F. S. Hall and
James Abeel tally very closely and the
police are positive they have Abeel.
He' will be arraigned to-morrow.
NIAGARA FALLS, N. Y.. Dec. 27. —
There is no doubt In the minds of the
police that the man arrested on the
Canadian side of the river last night
is James Abeel of New York, who, it
i«? believed, posed as J. Ogden Goelet
Jr., and, claiming relationship to the
well-known Goelet family, became en
graged to Miss Grace Anderson of New
York. The prisoner, however, still
maintains that Hall is his proper
name. '
ara Falls Is the Impersonator
of Ogden Goelet.
Believe Young Man Arrested at Niag-
Tokio's Acquisition r of * Fighting - Craft an Ominous
Indication That Crisis Is Nearing.
POLICE ARE CONFIDENT
ABEEL IS IX CUSTODY
DISTINGUISHED SOLDIER WHO RETURNED YESTERDAY FROM
THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS UNCOMMUNICATIVE AS TO THE RE
PORT THAT IN A SPEECH HE PREDICTED WAR WITH GERMANY
ONE OF, THE ARGENTINE WARSHIPS "'JAPAN *IS ' BELIEVED TO
HAVE -PURCHASED, AND -UNITED STATES VESSEL WHICH WILL
LAND BLUEJACKETS ' IN KOREA. •
The Roses came to this city from St.
Louis about a month ago. The husband
was without employment, and the cou
ple are said to have quarreled fre
quently.
SALT LAKE, Dec. 27.— With the
statement that he had murdered his
wife, Frank Rose, a barber, surrendered
himself at police headquarters early
to-day and asked that he be locked up.
He raid that he had killed his wife on
Christmas afternoon, and that the body
•was still lying on the bed where tthe
Tveman had died, after lingering fot
two hours with a pistol bullet in her
brain.
An investigation by the police re
vealed a deplorable condition of affairs
at the scene of the murder. Lying un a
bjs-A in a miserably furnished Third
South street shack, the body of Mts.
Rose was found, clad in her undergar
ments, and by her side was the
woman's 2-year-old son, the baby's
clothing being saturated with the
mother's bl^od. It was at first thought
that the child »as dead, but when an
officer attempted to release the little
arms fnftn around the dead woman's
Epck, the babe began to ciy and plain
tively told the policeman that some
thing nas the matter with its mamma,
ar.<i that "she won't wake up."
For almost two days the child had
been locked in the cold room with the
murdered woman, without food or at
tention of -«ny kind. The child is in a
serious condition, but, it is thought, will
r«»cover.
So the Finance Committee passed the
bill more than a week ago. and the
board itself passed it, but it did not es
cape the vigilance, of Auditor Bacon,
who has announced that he will demand
rt. judicial decision before he will pas3
It. That act yesterday let the cat out
of the bag, and developments have been
very rapid since then.
The matter will be taken up by the
Board of Supervisors to-morrow, and
Chairman John Mitchell announces that
it will^be gone into thoroughly before
any more bills are "passed. This is what
Mr. Mitchell said to-day:-
The I Supervisors will mfl*ke a thorounh In
vestigation cl this matter and it will certainly
'b* taUen;up to-morrow. .*. As for this one bill,
it is probable that It Is a legal, one, and It Is
also probable that ' it V was put in alone "be
cause It was al'sal one in the hopes that its
REPORTED TO ASSESSOR.
That the City Council of Oakland was
not trapped as was the Board of Su
pervisors is due to Chairman John L.
Howard of the Finance Committee of
that organization and Chairman Dor
nin. These two gentlemen thought that
they. discovered a "nigger in the wx>d
pile" and refused MacMullan's offer.
MacMullan wrote some letters to the
Council that Dornin and Howard re
fused to receive on the ground that
they were scurrilous in their nature,
and at that moment MacMullan's prop
osition went a-glimmering. Now the
Councilmen are happier than the Su
pervisors.
While the story did not leak out from
the Supervisors until yesterday, the
matter has been under investigation by
them for more, than a week, and the
members of that board have been ap-"
palled at the position in which they
found themselves. The bill that broke
the news to them so forcibly was pre
sented more than a week ago. It -did
not. take the men who are so well ac
quainted with the affairs of Alameda
County very long to discover that they
would have something more to face
than the mere bill of $1099 15 then be
fore them. They sent for District At
torney Allen and County Assessor Dal
ton to appear before the meeting of the
Finance Committee one week ago yes
terday, but they. got very little comfort
from either official.
District Attorney Allen told them that
they would have to pay the bill.
Then they asked County Assessor
Dalton how it was that $5,000,000 worth
of property had gone unassessed for
years and whether he had placed this
property upon the rolls as the result of
the labors of MacMullan. The County
Assessor replied that It was upon the
information furnished by MacMullan
that the property got upon the rolls,
and that the property had been so deft
ly hidden that with the limited, force
and limited time -at his command he
had not been able to discover it him
self.
The Supervisors and various county
officials of Alameda County are begin
ning to wonder where an apparently in
nocent agreement entered into between
C. S. MacMullan and the Board of Su
pervisors is going to lead them. The
indications are that it will lead them
to an enforced payment of something
in the neighborhood of $33,000 to Mac-
Mullan, though they all say they did
not expect that he would make more
than a few hundred dollars at the most.
But while the Supervisors are trying
to explain how they were trapped into
this.agreement the City Council of Oak
land is felicitating itself upon the fact
that It did not fall into MaoMullan's
trap and that they refused to accept his
offer when»he made it to them at about
the same time he made it to the Super
visors. Had the City Council done as
did the Supervisors, MacMullan would
have had claims against the city, and
county aggregating more than 560,000
for a few weeks' work.
But this is not all of the scandal that
is likely to aiise from this matter.
There are hints of actions that are usu
ally described by the ugly word "black
mail," and one member of the Board of
Supervisors b.asJ t e«£ers in. his possession
from the highest^ officials of the South
ern Pacific Company that go to show
that this information,' which was sold
to the county of Alameda upon
a percentage basis, was. offered to
that corporation. When it is consid
ered that the bulk of this alleged "un
assessed" property consists of the fran
chises of the Southern Pacific Company,
Oakland Gas Light and Heat Company,
Contra Costa Water Company and like
corporations and the personal property
of the same corporations, the opportuni
ties for such actions are manifold.
COUNCIL NOT TRAPPED.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 .Broadway, Dec 27.
"It has been trouble, trouble, for a
long time over money. It began four
years ago, when Mrs. Garth refused to
mm against her sister, my wife, in the
settlement of their father's estate. Sile
stood for what was right, for the pro
tection of her own interests and her
sister's, and she won her battle. A
week ago last Friday the suit was de
cided in her favor. The next day Mr.
Garth left- New -York, a disappointed,
defeated man. Providence, I believe,
has acted as the highest court."
Alexander A. Orr. vice president of
the bank, said to-day that for some
time past Garth had been far from
well and within the past few weeks
had seemed to be on the verge of men
tal prostration. For this reason the
board of directors passed, December
14, a .resolution urging Garth to take
a vacation of four months. To thl3
Garth assented and sailed with a com
panion on* the Denver on December 19.
The bank had continued to prosper
under Garth's management, Orr said.
and his death was solely due to mental
anxiety of a purely personal character.
"Possibly; I don't know. But what of
that? I have bought property in other
persons' names, and so has almost
everybody else. I bought a farm on the
coast of Maine last year in another
man's name because there were busi
ness reasons for doing so. It was or^
might hive been the same case with
Mrs. Garth.
GALVESTON, Tex., Dec. 27.—Gran
ville W. Garth, the New York banker,
who committed suicide by Jumping
overboard from the Mallory steamer
Denver, en route from New York to
Galveston, had been suffering from a
long spell of sickness, which It is be
lieved had effected his mind. He wa3
traveling with Thomas Lawson of New
York and was en route to Thurber,
Tex., for an outing for his health. He
jumped overboard on Christmas night
when the Denver was approaching Gai
veston.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— The Mechan
ics' Bank directors having declared
President Garth's suicide due to pure
ly personal troubles, friends -of the
bank president are at a loss to account
for his action. The only trouble of any
domestic nature concerns the discharge
of Hubert Hartigan, a handsome young
riding master, who was employed by
Garth to handle his horses and give
riding lessons to Mrs. Garth, who un
der his tuition has become a daring and
accomplished horsewoman. After Hart
igan's discharge he purchased a fln^
farm near Morristown, N. J., paying
for it a large sum. He had not been
regarded as a man of means.
Mrs. Garth is very wealthy in her
own name, having inherited several
millions from her father. McComb, a
manufacturer. *;- • y:
DEFENDS THE WIFE'S COURSE.
Fanny McComb, Mrs. Garth's «ister.
married Louis Herzog, an artist,
against her father's wishes, and she re
cently won a J4.000.000 suit In a contest
over his will. Herzog said to-day:
••Hartigan did not cause any troub'e
In the family. He is an exceptionally
capable and safe man in handling
horses, and Mrs. Garth has kept him ip.
her employ because she can safely en
trust her two little glrl3 to his care
when they go driving. She pays him
with her own money, and has a right
to keep him in her employ If she re
gards him as best fitted to do the wttrk
she wants done."
"But did not Mr. Garth discharge
Hartigan?"
"I don't know. He may have done
so. There was some trouble with the
servants. But even if he did, what of
it?"
. "Was not the stock farm at Morris
town bought in Hartlgan's name?"
DISCORO IN* THE FAMILY.
Special Diapateh to Th» Call.
Investigation Is_ Ordered and Sen
sational Disclosures May
Be the Result.
Salt Lake Man Waits Forty-Eight
Hours Before Informing Polics
of Brutal Crime.
From Steamship Mentally Un
sound Through Worry.
Financier Who Leaped Overfcoard
"She Won't Wake Up," Little
One's Plaint Wben Res
cuers ArriTe.
One Member ol the Board
Hints at Attempted
Blackmail.
Befriended by Rich Man's
Wile After Husband
Discharged Him.'
Young Riding Master
Figures in Bank
er's Troubles.
County Supervisors
Say They Will FigM.
• Claims. ?
Clings for Two Days
to Its Murdered
' Mother.
MacMULLAN
AFTER COIN
OF ALAMEDA
BABE HOLDS
VIGIL OVER
THE CORPSE
DOMESTIC
WOES BACK
OF SUICIDE
JAPAN IS PURCHASING
WARSHIPS FROM BOTH
ARGENTINA AND CHILE
REFUSES TO DISCUSS
REPORT HE PREDICTED
CLASH WITH GERMANY
Continued on Page ' 2 t Column 2.
7ss wrAtaxs.
roreeact nv.de at Saa.I'raiiv.
citco *cr thirty hours endiaff at
midnight. December 28: "*v~
San Francisco and vicinity —
rair Monday ; liffht notthwe«t
wind. O. 3. WXZiXiSOV,
Xrocal Forecaster.
TBS TH2\TEE3.
Alcazar — "Sine Jeoni."
1 California— "Are Ton a Mason?"
Central — "Alphonse and Gaston."
riscber's — "I. O. TT."
Grand — "The Minister"* Son."
Orpbsnm — Vaudeville.
Ths Chutes— Vaudeville.
Tivoli Opera-Houoe— "Ixion."
Columbia— "The Girl With the
Green Eyes."
The San Francisco CallTake Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets.' ' All
drurrists refund the money if it falla to cur*.
E. W. Grove's denature U on each box. 23c. •
To Cure a Cold in One Bay.
PANAMA, Dec. 27. — Elections for
members of the constitutional conven
tion took place to-day in every part of
the republic. The results are not yet
known, but telegrams from the inter
ior report the apparent triumph of the
candidates proposed by the popular
junta, composed of Liberals and Con
servatives. For the first time in the
history of the isthmus the elections in
the .city of Panama have been con
ducted without any attempt at bribery
or other irregularities. ..
Elections in Xcw Republic.
Pocket books, wrist baps, letter and
card -cases, bill books, cigar cases and
manicure sets. Fine things for New
Year's. San born. Vail & Co. •
PITTSBURG. Dec. 27.— A decision has
been reached by the flint glass manu
facturers to close all bottle factories
shortly after January l.for a period of
four weeks in order to curtail produc
tion and better enable the trade- to
maintain prices. ¦ .=
Bottle Factories to Close.
Panama to Assume Part of Debt
NEJV YORK, Dec- 27.— M. Bupau-
VariHa, Minister of -Panama to the
United States, said to-night that he
had notified Sir H. Mortimer Durand.
the British Embassador.-.of Panama's
willingness to assume a part of the ex
terior debt of Colombia, in proportion
to th« population of Panama as com
pared with that of Colombia. *
; DES MOINES, Iowa, Dec. 27. — The
Cudahy Packing Company of "South
Omaha is in receipt of a "rush" order
for 1,000,000 pounds of extra mess
meat for the Russian Government.
The shipment must be made from
Omaha so as to reach San Francisco
before January 26. On that date two
Russian ships will be prepared to sail
from that port with the beef on board.
It is learned in Omaha that the
same ships will carry a large amount
of other supplies, which are now on
their way or are in preparation for
shipment from Pacific ports of the
United States. All of the supplies, it
is said, are for^he War Department of
Russia. . . • ¦
Cudahy Packing Company Receives a
Large "Rush" Order.
BEEF FOR RUSSIAN ARMY.
In answer to the notification sent out
by the Liverymen's Association yester
day, declaring that the places of all the
strikers would be filled at once unless
the strikers applied for their old posi
tions, more than 100 men are said to
have returned to work. Nearly every
union man who asked to be taken
back made the declaration that there
was a general feeling among the strik
ers that the employers Would win in
the end and that public sentiment was
against the men. The dissatisfaction of
the drivers is most general among those
men -who were employed in the fashion
able livery stables! These men made
a great deal of money in tips, and they
are afraid that non*-union men will
take their places.
,The employers say they will have no
difficulty in engaging men to fill the
places of the strikers and that car
riages for the use of the general public
will be sent out this week.
Norman Larson, said to be a union
teamster, was, arrested for interfering
with a hearse which -was returning
from Rose Hill Cemetery.
Because . they had been detailed to
guard a Chicago city railway car in
the guise of passengers as protection to
a non-union crew, .Policemen James
Gibbons and George Oakley were at
tacked by union sympathizers to-night
and in the fight that followed both po
licemen were seriously injured. The
trouble occurred 1 at 'Twenty-second
street and Archer avenue, when a Htu- 
stead street car ran into . a General
Electric car and was derailed. )
While Gibbons and the' non-union
conductor, went into a saloon to tele
phone . for the wreck wagon, a crowd
surrounded the disabled car and began
throwing bricks and stories. Hearing
the disturbance, Gibbons came to the
assistance of Oakley,, but the rioters
were in such numbers that both polire
men were- soon ". overpowered and un
doubtedly would have been killed had
not several other policemen, who had
been summoned, charged, the crowd
with clubs. .When the mob had been
dispersed Gibbons and Oakley were
found : lying on the ground and both
were taken to a hospital. . ' At .. a late
hour to-night Oakley was still uncon
scious. '" ~"..~f"-'~. '¦" .-'" *"
.CHICAGO, Dec. 27.— More hearses
were' used by the undertakers to-day in
conducting "funerals than at any time
since the livery drivers went on strike,
but in every case policemen rode on
the seat with the driver. In one or
two instances regular funeral proces
sions c-f hearses and carriages drove to
the cemeteries.
Chicago Funerals Conducted
With Somo Semblance of Or
der Despite Drivers' Strike
POLICE RIDE
ON HEARSES
CHICAGO, Dec. 27.— Preparatory to
leaving for Australia, John Alexander
Dowie bade farewell to his' Chicago ad
herents at a meeting in the Auditorium
to-day. Standing-room was at a pre
mium. After an all-night "watch meet
ing" in Zlon City New Year's eve Dowie
will leave for New Orleans and will
travel to San Francisco via the South
western route, stopping at various large
cities en route. He intends to sail from
the latter port January 21' and 'counts
on being back in Chicago next June.
"I am going to leave everything in
Zion City and not steal away with either
the lace works or the temple," said
Dowie. "That was a malicious lie about
my wife taking $7,000,000; but I am fool
ish to deny it again. I will take only
enough cash for spending money."
J>OWIE STARTS ON
TIIIP TO AUSTRALIA
Meanwhile MacMuIlan stands upon
his assertions that the tlaim is legal,
and he frankly says that his total
claims will be in the neighborhood of
$35,000, and if he don't get : the money
he is going to' sue for it.
Some of the "discovered" property
consists of the so-called franchise upon
the ferry system of the Southern Pa
cific Company. This was struck off the
rolls of Alameda County, but was al
lowed to .stand upon the rolls of San
Francis6o County. Mr. MacMuIlan
calmly announces that if the assess
ment is sustained by fhe courts of San
Francisco he is going to sue Alameda
County "for his half of the taxes 'due
this county, whether it collected the
taxes or not. " ¦•>" ' .*••¦••
Meanwhile the people are wondering
why it is- that it is so easy to slip
schemes of this kindt through public
bodies, and it is very^evident that the
Supervisor* will havejto make a com
plete Investigation -in "order to furnish
a proper explanation.
The attention of Auditor Bacon -was
first called to this claim by the First
National Bank of Berkeley, which tele
phoned to him and asked him if such a
claim would be allowed if 'presented.
vAuditor Bacon scented a mouse and
informed the bank that he would not
allow it. It then transpired that Mac-
MuIlan had been endeavoring to dis
count the claim at several places, that
he had applied to J. B. Lanktree, who
refused it, and then he tried the Berke
ley bank, which telephoned to Auditor
Bacon and then refused to handle it.
BANK NOT, SATISFIED.
I certainly did not'«<jtp»Ct that MacMulIan-n
I claim would amount to-tso large a figure. 'When
his proposition first cam*' before us. and";! am
| not prepared to say at this tim» what- will be
| done. I was not present at the meeting of
j'th? finance committee that passed the bill
'and whm I voted for it I "undertstdod that It
' had be«-n checked up by the county -eacrjert and
; thrtt Distrirt Attorney All^n said that we had
| to pay it and Coynty Assessor D^Hon hadvip-
I proved it as legal.— The matter will have to' be
investigated. .
Supervisor J. M. Kelley is another
.whoLdid not expect that MacMuIlan was
going to make'sjo large an amount as
?35,000. He says:. I
There has been a trap laid somewhere.': arid
if there has been >.">.00<j,0O<> worth of property
in this rounty escaping taxation we ousbt tu
kni.w XYhr-" ' V '
Supervisor H. X). Rowe says that
when the MacMuIlan agreement was
presented it. was not expected that his
commission would .amount to more
than $500 or J6Q0, but he is Inclined to
think, the county can be. held- for the
claims. He said:
I am- afraid vre will be bound by our apree
•ment, either as a Board of Suivrvlsors or as
Individuals. We- certainly made an agree
m'nt wittr "Mr. MarMu'lsn, ' though I must
confess I did not believe at the time that he
would maice more, than $r>00 or $600 out of it.
We only aKrted to.jrive him half of the taxes
upon property that he discovered had escaped
taxation for three years or moro. • In this
refpert he was a eort of county exr>ert. who
checked vp books. We called "Mr. Daltcn. the
County Anecpor. before us. and he said that
Mr. MacMuIlan's claim was correct and that
•the r,ron»rtjr that MacMuIlan had discovered
had escaDfd his notice. I am afraid that we
owe the money, though I have no idea as to
the amount. i ¦
pascage would furnish a basis for the payment
of others. The other bills will be most .care
fully examined into. The understand in >r that
I had of th«* contract with -MacMullan was
that he was to report all discovered unas
¦r s^ed properties to the Board of Supervisors,
and if wu considered that they were genuine
discoveries w^ irouM allow him his commis
sion upon the taxes collected. Instead of that
he has retxjrtfd rII these 83-caJled discoverteH
to the County Assessor directly and now -wants
his money upon a lot ot very uncertain taxes.
The bulk of .these so-called discoveries con
plsts of alleged franchises, ivaUr in Lake
c.'hnbnt and ¦¦*- lot of stuff that tha .county
Board of Equalization struck oft the rolls
upen the^ advice of th* District Attorney.'
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
MacttULLlI ftFTER ALAMEDA COIN
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 27.— A suit In
volving $1,250,000 worth of the richest
ranch property in Southern California,
the complaint in which charges some
of. the most prominent v citizens and
business men of Ventura County -with
fraud, has been filed in the VnUcl
States Circuit Court of the ¦ Southern
District of California.' The title -of 'the
suit is the California Farm and Fruit
Company, limited, and Duga^dscott
against Leopold Schiappi-Pietra, Ed
ward Leof ric Temple, Georgfe C. Power
and E. P. Foster, as trustees, arid W.
G. Newhall of Los Angeles. - ,. - '
The property involved in the suit :is a
portion of the \ great Rancho Santa
Clara Del Norte, and the chief defend
ant is Leopold Schiappa-Pietra.
Suit Involving Ownership to . More
•Than a Million Dollars' Worth
V; of Property Filed.
RICH RANCH LANDS
CAUSE OF. LITIGATION
The present -expectation at the Treas
ury Department is that tl« banks will
be drawn on for a considerable part of
the cajial money. The payments prob
ably will be made just at the season of
the year when th»* funds withdrawn
from the money centers for crop mov
ing purposes- are flowing back in large
volurijS? and when, consequently, a de
crease in the Government deposits in
the bjanks can be made with the least'
disturbance to business.
As '-a matter of fact, if the payments
are me6>e at a time when Europe owes
the United States, the purchase money
will not be immediately withdrawn from
circulation in this country. The pay
ments' to the French company and the
republic of Panama will be merely
transactions in the International ex
change market.
With an available cash balance of
$226,803,i:S at the command of the Sec
retary Of the Treasury, with $165,132,955
of this amount loaned to banks without
ir;t»*Test, and with the current receipts
of the Government running ahead of
the expenditures, it is not probable that
the administration on the eve of the.
Presidential election will yield to the
¦wishes of certain financial interests and
increase the interest-bearing debt of
the Tnited States $50,000,000 to meet
the Panama canal payments. These
payments- of. $40,000,000 t> the French
car.al company and $10,000,000 to the re
public of Panama will be made imme
diately after the ratification of the
pending -treaty. . by the United States
Senate. • *" ¦ -
Though- Secretary. Shn'w has ( not.yet
made any statement as to how he pro
poses to make the payments, it can be
said ihat'he has no present intention of
if suing' bonds. On the contrary, he has
already begun preparations for mak
lr.g v the payments direct from the Treas.
tiri". His first step was to augment the
available cash balance by gradually, re
ducing the funds set apart to the credit
of the various disbursing officers of the
Government, which were far in excess
of their immediate requirements. .' In
this way about $3,000,000 has been added
to the available cash balance. This
pmcAss will be continued until at least
510.000,000 more shall have been added to
the. available cash, bringing it up to
abrt'u't 5236,000,<OW. s
BANKS TO SUPPLY MONEY.
The Colombian note contains a state
ment of the grievances which that
country claims to have suffered under
the interpretation put upon the treaty
of.lS46. It discusses these grievances
In a calm and dignified tone and sets
out 't reasons which, General Reyes
claims, supports the contention he has
made. The probability is that there
will .b* several diplomatic exchanges
between, Colombia and the United
States .before anything like a conclu
sion" of the discussions of the questions
at issue is reached.
NO CAXAJL BOND ISSUE.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., ; 'WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.— State
Department officials have under consid
eration che nature <>f the reply which
is TO be made to the note of General
Tteyes. the Colombian Minister, regard
ing the aclion of the United States in
connection with the affairs growing out
of the secession of the Department of
Panama. Just when the answer is to
be ready is not definitely known. Gen
eral Reyes is anxious for an early re
ply and the State Department officiate
are equally anxious that the affair shall
be dif posed of as quickly as is consist
ent with a careful preparation of the
administration's answer.
SpeciaJ Dispatch to The Call
; VICTORIA. . B. ' C, Dec. ¦ 27.— The
steamer Shinano Maru which arrived
to-day > frOm Chinese and Japanese
ports brought a remarkable story from
Singapore/ which is vouched for by
Shanghai papers, of. the narrow escape
of the .German mail" liner Prinz Hein
r.ich, frorrr being blown up by a subma
rine mine.
• When the steamer was leaving Singa
pore during the early part of Novem
ber 1 a steam launch with a large party
of British naval bfflcers on board
steamed toward her, and the British
naval men shouted excitedly:
"You are in great danger. Right be
fore you is a submarine mine. For
God's sake go astern, full speed!"
Captain Heintzer, realizing that his
vessel had too much way to stop, quick
ly steamed ahead, hoping to get over
the danger spot. Suddenly the mine
exploded abdut two lengths astern with
a tremendous roar, throwing up the
water with a great splash.
Panama Waterway to Be Paid
For With Money Drawn Di
rectly From Banks After the
Ratification of the Treaty
Naval Men Seek to Stop the
; Vessel, • but the ; ; Captain,
\- Finding It Impossible, Takes
; a - Most Desperate Chance
The present first class of the United
States Naval ¦ Academy, consisting of
sixty-fK'e members, is to come up for
examination for graduation on->Febru
ary 1, which' is four months earlier than
usual. It is a foregone conclusion that
the entire class % will p&as 'and be as
signed to service on cruising ships, as
the navy is short of junior officers. Two
years hence they will be examined for
promotion to ensigns, the interval being
a probation-to establish* their fitness for
the service. On March' 1 there >will be
250 vacancies at the naval ac'ademy, fdr
which there Will be no less than 1000
candidates, and the "cramming" schools
are doing a good busines in Washing
ton and other large cities at rates vary
ing, from $2 to {I, an hour. Some im
portant ch'anges in thie regulations for
admission to the naval academy will go
Into effect in 1904. •* The minimum age
is raised from 15 years to 16 years, but
the maximum remains at 450 years. The
minimum height was hitherto five feet
regardless of age: now the candidates
who are between 16 and 18 years ofd
must be flve'feet two inches, and' those
between 18 and 20 years must be five
feet four inches in height. y
There will be twenty retirements qn
account of age in the navy during 1904,
namely, eight rear admirals, one com
mander, one medical director, three
pay directors, one naval constructor,
The armored cruiser Victor Hugo, a
duplicate of the Leon Gambetta, is be
ing rapidly built at L'Orient dockyard.
The keel was laid last March, and the
ship is calculated to be completed dur
ing 1905. Its cost, including armament,
is $5,800,000.
The Turkish cruiser Abdul Medjid.
built by Cramp's, made a successful
trial December 19, making 22.4 knots in
one hour and averaging twenty knots
during a run of six hours. The latter
performance just covers the contract
stipulations and is all that could be ex
pected. In the General Information Se
ries issued by the office of naval intelH T
gence. Washington, it was erroneously
stated that the speed of this cruiser
was to be twenty-four knots with 12,000
horsepower. The official who compiled
this data evidently overlooked the fact
that a vessel of 3200 tons required not
less than 16,000 horsepower to drive her
at a- speed of twenty-four knots, as
shown in the trials of the Russian
cruiser Novik. The Abdul Medjid is
3277 tons displacement, 330 feet length,
42 feet beam and 15»4 feet draught, car
rying two six-inch, eight 4.7-inch and
six 1.8-fnch guns. The speed of nearly
22 1 /& knots is a, creditable performance;
not likely to be exceeded by the Abdul
Hamid, a sister ship, under construc
tion at Elswick, which was launohed
two months ago.
NEED OF JUNIOR OFFICERS. ;
The French Minister of Marine lias
obtained consent of the Chamber of
Deputies to materially change the de
sign of the Ernest Renan, an armored
cruiser, to be built by contract at La
Seyne. As first planned this ship was
to be a duplicate of the Leon Gambetta,
building at Brest, which is of 12,550
tens, 26,000 horsepower and twenty-two
knots speed. The new plans provide
for a vessel of 18,562 tons, 28,000 horse
ower and twenty-three knots speed,
and a main battery of two 9.45-inch and
twelve 6.48-inch guns, against four 7.63
inch and sixteen 6.4S-inch carried in the
Leon Gambetta. The cost of the latter
is estimated at $5,720,000, which will be*
increased to $6,200,000 in the new ship.
Thornycroft at Chiswick. England, is
building four large tornedo boats for
the British navy. The first of. these,
named Kennet, was launched December
4. The boats are 540 tons displacement,
7000 horsepower and contracted to aver
age 25!4 knot3' during, a.,, four-hours'
run, carrying a load of 125 tons. They
are £25 feet in length, 23 feet lO 1^ inches
beam. and 10 feet 2 inches draught, and
carry an armament of one 12-pounder
and five 6-pounder.s. . . .,
The totals include ships* building. The
chief conditions would work out- as fol
lows: Great Britain and Japan, 74
ships of 974,000 tons, against France and
Russia combined of 6S ships of 741,000
tons, or Germany and Russia 65 ships,
of 745,000 tons.
In the purchase of the two Chilean
battleships, Constitucion and Libertad,
the British navy has acquired* ships
that are superior to any turned out in
any navy on a like displacement. The
new ships, although only of 11,800 tons,
are far superior to' the Canopus class
of six shins of 12,950 tons, built two
years ago, which averaged in cost ?4,
500.000, with guns aboard and ready for
sea. The price paid for the two Chil
ean ships was $4,680,000 for each. The
trial speed of the Canopus class aver
aged 18.25 knots, whereas' the Chilean
ships made 20 knots' and one of them,
tile Libertad, steamed at an average
speed of 17»4 knots for twenty-seven
consecutive hours. The Constitucion
was built at Elswick and the Libertad
at Barrow. The ships are identical in
all essential particulars, carrying main
batteries qf four 10-inch and fourteen
7.5 inch guns, while the Canopus class
of vessels each have an armament of
four 12-inch and twelve' 6-inch guns.
The armor belt has a maximum thick
ness of 7 inches in the Chilean ships
against 6 inches in the Canopus class,
and the coal capacity of 2000 tons ex
ceeds that of the British ships by 150
tons. .The Constitucion and Libertad
will probably be sent to the China sta
tion, for which service their draught
of less than twenty-five feet makes
them preferable to larger battleships.
FOUR BIG TORPEDO BOATS.'
The aim of Great Britain to possess a
battleship navy equal to that of two
other powers is ¦ involving a vast out
lay of money, but the position is as
sured, for the time being at least, by
the purchase of the Chilean vessels
Constitucion and Libertad. The pres
ent relative standing of the several
navies in battleships and tonnage dis
placement is' shown in the foregoing
table: •
The time is not " far off when the
navy will require a number of high
speed cruisers. It is probable that Con
gress will authorize the building of
three battleships which, when com
pleted in 1908, will give us twenty
eight battleships. These, with the thir
teen armored cruisers, including three
erroneously classified as protected
cruisers, will constitute quite a for
midable fighting fleet, but in the mean
time no provision is being made for im
proving and increasing the cruiser
class. The present lot is an illy assort
ed number. . of vessels of different
types and out of date, wliich require
almost entire reconstruction in order
to be as efficient as those of other
naval powers. The Atlanta and Bos
ton are nearly twenty years old; the
Baltimore, Newark and San Francisco
were built about fourteen years ago;
the Cincinnati, Raleigh, Columbia and
Minneapolis, were disappointments as
to speed; the Albany and New Orleans,
bought abroad, while .good ships, do
not compare with similar types built
in • Germany, which are two knots
faster, and the Denver class of six
ships have no . counterparts in any
bther navy where six knots greater
speed has been obtained on a like dis
placement. Nineteen ships, consti
tuting the protected cruiser class, is
divided into nine distinct types, only
three, of which the Olympia, Albany
and New Orleans, may be counted on
as being able to- make twenty knots for
a brief run at an emergency. The other
cruisers "range from fourteen "to
eighteen knots, which. When compared
with English, French. German, Ital
ian' and Russian-- ships of that class;
places the United States navy at the
foot Of the list. *
BUILDING UP, THE NAVY.
one professor cof ., mathematics, one
civil engineer and f6ur bfflcers.
The rear admirals 1 be retired are:
Charles 0;Neil, : March 15; M. L.. John
son, June.;-1;' Tiohh J; tlead", July'17;
John C. 'Watsonr-Augnst 24; Merrill H.
Miller, September- 13; = Frederick
Rodgers, (October ! 3;rW.\C.' Wipe, No
vember X and «S^W.. Terry, .December
28.* In the % marine^ corps there will be
only one : retirement ~for age, "that of
Colonel George C* Reid, on December
15. ' ~/V.'-:'^^'-"-.- : "' * L ' : '.'
The only 'irjpsitiohs* in . the . comtnis,
sionefl officer^ ranks- in t'he navy open
to civilians are those in the, medical,
pay and civH- engineer corps. . There
will be thirty-five vacancies ".. in the
medical corps aft$r January . 1 tb*1»e
filled during. 1904. The pay cbrpa'is
short of ¦ . twenty-.eight • officers,* and
three assistants • are -vvantedJ in', the
civil engineers' corps,!/ .'.'.
PHOENIX,- Ariz., Dec. 27.— Two das
tardly murders are reported from
Brush Hollow, near Glsela, in that sec
tion of Gila County known as Tonto
Basin, the scene of .the bloody war
some years ago between -the cattlemen
and sheepmen. One of the victims is a
24-year-bld Bon of a sheepman named
Berry, and the other is a Mexican boy,
aged 17, son of a sheep herder with the
Berry outfit.
The men were alone at the time,
though a third man witn°ssed the sup
posed murderer riding a*\ ay from the
place. A goat herder in that vicinity is
suspected by some, but more people in
cline to; the belief that the crime was
committed by some offended cattleman.
Hundreds of themsands of sheep are
driven each winter from Northern Ari
zona to the vicinity of Phoenix for
shearing and driven back in the spring.
Most of them pass through the Tonto
Basin, the cattlemen contending to tlie
detriment of their ranges. In the Tun
to Basin war fifty lives are known to 1
have been sacrificed, and many proba
bly were killed of whom there >vas
never official knowledge. Both sid'is
lost about equally.
Clashes between the factions have
since occurred but seldom. It was
thought the situation has been that of
an armed truce, and fear is expressed
that this incident is another outbreak
against the sheepmen, there bein^
known Jiere no local cause for the
tragedy. Officers of that locality are
active and the murderer may now be in
custody, as it is a hundred miles from
a telegraph station. The murders oc
curred December 22.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SHAW WILL ISSUE
n;o bonds on can.vl
BRITISH -OFFICERS - - 1-
SHOUT A WARNING
Cattle Owners and Sheepmen
May Again Renew the War
Which Once Cost Fifty Lives
United States Will Answer
the Colombian Ministers
Protest AVith as Little De
lay as Will Be Consistent
Submarine Mine Near Singapore
Discharged Almost Immedi
ately After, a German Mail
| Liner Passes the Perilous Spot
FEAR OF A NEW CONFLICT
Two Young Men Are ' the
Victims of a Murderer in
the Notorious Tonto Basin
PREPARING
THE REPLY
TO REYES
STEAMSHIP
ESCAPES AN
EXPLOSION
MYSTERY VEILS
DOUBLE CRIME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,,, MONDAY, DECEMBER 28. 1903.
BRITISH BATTLESHIP FLEET
GREATEST IN THE WORLD
Ambition x of England to Possess as Many First-Class Fight
ing Vessels as Any Two Powers in Combination Is
Temporarily Realized, Though at. an Cost
Number of . .
BatUeships. Tons. Knots Speed.
Great Britain ....«.«. ...>^.... 67 884,000 17^ to 19
Fi-ance .. ' 37 400,000 17 to 18.2
Germany ». 34 ,374,000 ; 16^ to 18
Russia J... ..^...^.....* 31 341,000v 16 to 19.1
United States 21 272,000 ' 15.5" to 18.3
Italy... 18 ' 160,000 ,£17/ to 18
Japan 7 90,000 ; 18 to 19.4
2
AUCTION SALES
jrv AUCTION SALE AT ARCADE HORSE
>^ MARKET 32T SIXTH ST.. WED-
NESDAY December 30. at 11 a. m. I will
«ell 40 head of all-purpose horses. Every
horse mu3t be as represented or money re-
funded. JOHX J. DOYL.B.
BATLWA7 TEAVEIfc
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
1 rains leave ana »red«e to arrive »t
SAN F KAN CISCO. _^
> (Mala. Ltne. Foot of Market Street ) w
Htfl — fUtlM XoTK«B«»a. 19CS. — A»»IT»
7.00* V»c«»lUfi. Winters. Kumsey 7T55*
7.0Ua Benld*. Saltna. Elmlr* mod Stcrtr
tnento 7.Z3*
7J0a VUleJo. Nap*. C»IUtoff«. S»at*
Kosi. MarUnez. 6»u lUraon 6-25»
7J0a Nnet. LlTsrmore, Tracy. Lat&rop.
Stockron J.2&
8.00a Sba«t» Express— (Vto DaTls). *
Williams (for BarUett Sprint;*).
WIUows. tfruto. Uod Bluff.
Portland,. Tacoma, Seattle /¦5a'
800a DstU. Woodland. KnlKbts Landtaff. _,_
MarrsTllle. Oro»tlle 75o»»
8-33* Port Costa, Martinez. AnctocX
Byron, Tracr. Stockton. New-
man, Los Banos. Mendota.
Annona. EUoford. Vttalla, .
PorterrUle 4JZS»
8^0a ron Costa. Martinez, Tracy. Latn-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Fresno,
Gosnea Junetloa. Uanford.
* Vlsalta. Bakersfleld 4.&3V
6 JO* NIlcs, San Jose, Lirermore. Stock-
ton. (tMllton). lone. Sacramento,
riacerrllle.. MarysTlIle. Calco,
Bed Blnlt 4.ZS*
|.30a O«kdale. C&lnese, JamesWwn, So-
nora. Tnolnmne and Anceis 4.23*
SOGa Atlantic Kxpress— Osdeni»nd East. 11.25*
8.50a Richmond, Martinez and Way
Stations a - &.»5»
10 00* The Orerland Limited — ttRdea.
i».uu» DenTer. Omaha. Chicago. ,2?5*
1000a Valle]o.. ••--• iZ-*»»
10.00a Los Angeles Passenger — Port
CosU, Martinez. Byron, Tracy,
Latbrop. Stockton. Meroed,
Raymond. Fr«»no. Goshen Junc-
tion. Haaford.'Leraoore, Visalia. •
Bakerstteld. Los Angeles 723f
If. COX Hayward. Nile* and Way Stations. 52&J
fi JiOr Sacram en to Rlter Steamers Ml 0O»
iSOe Bealcla, Winters. Sacramento. '
Woodland. Knights Landing,
Mary«»!»e. OroTtlJe and way _
stations 'Off*
S30t Hayward. Nlles and \f*j Station*. 7»5»
5.30F Port Costa. MarUsez. Byron,
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto,
Merced. Fresno and Way 8t»-
tlons beyond Port Co«t*.«» 12Z3»
J30r Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. to<l!... 10.25*
I -4 00f Martlnez,SanIUmon,Vallejo,Nap«,
! CallstOK*. Santa Uosa 9 Z5*
4 OOr Nllcs, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl ...... 4.25*
I 4.3QP Haywar.1. Nlles, Irvlngton, San I t3.55»
' Jose. LtTermare I tii.oa*
64J0F The Owl LlmlteU— S««m«. Los
Banos. Mendota, Fresno.. Tulare,
BakersHelit. Los Angeles 8-53*
64)Ot Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton J%-i5*
t6 3nr Hayward, Nlles and Saa Jose 725*
• 6.00? Hayward. Nlles and SanJose 9.^5*
iiOr Eastern Express— Ostd en. DenTer.
<)in»&ti, St. Louts. Chlraxo and
K«»t. Port Costa. Benicta, Sul-
mo. Elaalra, Dav'.s. Sacramento,
Rocklla. Aaburn, Colfax.
-.Trockee. Boca. lie no. Wad*
worth, Wtnnemucca 8-29*
t.tOr Vallejo. dally, except Suaday.... I 755f
7 00* Vallejo. Snnday only f "TT-
7 OOr Hlchmond. dan Pablo. Port Costa.
Martinez and Way Stations 11 S3*
8JJ6* Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle. Redding.
Portland. Paget Sound and East. 8 53*
8.10* Hayward. Nlles and San Jose (»ux»-
dayonly) 11.58*
COAST LINE (Marrftw «ange).
(Foot of Market Street.) ,
8.15* Newark, CenterTllle. San Josa,
Felton. Boulaer Creek, SanU
Crnz and w»y Stations 5 5o»
: tff-ICr Newark.' CentRnrtlle, San Jo«<v
New Almaden.Lus Gato«.Felton.
Boulder creek. Santa Cruz an4
Principal Way Stations ........ ,;t10-5S*
4.16* K«wark. Ban Jose. Los OatosMdt t855*
way stations.. A I HO 63*
«S 33p Banters Train, Saturday only. San
Jose and Way Station*. Keturn-
lng from Los Oatoa Hnnrtsy only, if 23^
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From bAN »' KAN CISCO. Foot of Mturicet St. (8ltj>«*
1 -1-7:13 9:00 11:00 a.m. 100 M0 5-15 *.*. .
I rrom OAKLAND, Joot of Broadway —+6:00 H-*
: tS:05 10:00 *.M. 12 00 2 00 4<0 f .«.-
COAST LINE <BroaJ Usaire).
Of" (Tlilr«l and Towasend Streets.)
6 10* San Jose and Way*Statlons. 6-ZOr
7 C0a San Jose and Way Stations 5-36*
800a New Almaden (Tnes.. Fd<«.. on!y>. 4-M*
100* CoftstLlne Limited— Stops only Saa,
Jose. Gllroy (connection for Hoi-
lister), Pajaro. Castrorllle, Sar
Unas, San Ardo, Paso Roblea,
SantaMargarlta,SanLnlsOblsp& .
Principal rtatlonj thence Suit j ¦
(connection for Lompoc) prim*
Kl stations tbence Santa Bar- ' :
ra and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at Caatrorllie to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grove .. 19.4S*
•.Ma Ban. Jose, Tres Finos, Capttola,
eantaCrnz.Paciflc GroTe.Sallnsa.
San Lais Oatsp» and Principal
Way Stations 4-10*
18-30a 6an Jose and Way Stations. 1-20*
1130* Santa Clara. San Jose, Loa Gatos)
and Way Stations 7.30
1-3O San Jose and Way Station* • Si*
i.CQr p»elflc Grove Express— SantaClar»
Ean Jow, Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Sant*
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for Holllster. Tie*
Plnon. atCastrovllle forSallB**. 12.15*
5-30* Tres Plnos Way Passenger 410. 43*
t44&r San Jose, (vl* Sant* Clara) Lot
Gatos, and Principal .Way Sta-
tions (except Snnday) 19.12*
!fc 30r San Jose and Principal Way Stations t3.00*
6.00* Sunset Limited.— Redwood, San
Jose, Gllroy.Sallsas.Pa«o Roblea,
San Luis ObUpo. Sant* Barbara,
Los Angeles, Demln?. El Pasa.
New Orleans. New Tork. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crns
and at CauraTtll* for Paclfla
Grove and Way Stations 7.18*
t6.15* Ean Mateo.Bere*ford,Belmont.8aa
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t€48»
G.20r San Jose and Way Stations. 8.33*
11 .30* South San Francisco, Mlllbrae.Bnr-
llngame. Sab Mateo. Belmont,
baa Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaka, •
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto S.4S*
«11-30* Mayfleld. Mountain View. Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence. Sant* Clara and
San Jose t945»
A for Morning. P for Afternoo*
3 Sunday only.
! Stop* at all stations on Sssday.
t Snnday excepted. a Saturday only.
t*~ Only trains stopping at Valencia St. sout&bom4
*ret>: 10 a.m..7:CX)a.x.. 11:30 a.*.,S::X>*ji. and 6:3Op.«.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCl5i-0-AHj NURTH PACIFIC
KAIL WAY COMPANY. '
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN FKANCISCO TO SAN BATASL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:0O ll;OO a. m. ; 12:33.
3:SO. 5:10. 6:30 p ra. Thursdays — Kxtra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
| Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
i SfNDAYS— S:00. 9:30 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
3:30 5:00 6:20 11 :30 p. m.
: SAN BAFAEZ, TO SAH FBANCISCO.
! WEEK DATS— 6:05, 7:."3 7:?0 »:20. 11:15
a. m. : 12:50 3:40. 5.00 S:2rt p. m. .
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2: % and 8:35 p. ra.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40 11:15 . m. : l:*O 3:10.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. in.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. ! San Francisco.
Week j Sun- I Destlna- I Pun- I W««lc
Days. I days. | tlon. I days. 1 Day*.
- 7:30a 8:00a - S.lOa) 3:40a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p «:05 pj 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:C0p 7:35 p|
7:30a I 9:10^ 8:40 a
9:00 n Novato. 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:3rtp »:30a Petaluma 8:eSpi6:2Oi>
5:10 p 3:30 p and . 7;35 p
5:COp Santa Rosa. . ..|
7:30 al 10:40 a 10:20 a
! • ! 8:C0a Fulton. "Z:35> 6:20 p
2:30 p1 3:30 p
: I Winflaor. |
j 7:30a 8:00 al Healdsburr. 1§;40«!10:20»
Lytton. I
3:30 p 3:30 p * GeyservUle," 7:25 pi 8:20 p
I Cloverdale. | j
. 7:30 a! 8:0» al Hopland. 110:40 al!0:2O a
; 323Op|_3:3O p| and t'klah | 7:33p! 6:20 p
_7^C0 af S:noa| Willlts. ~ | T^Spt t7a>p
7:30"a| 8:oFa jl0:4Oa!10:2Oa"
3:30 p| 3:r,0p Onernevill». | 7:.t5pj 6:20 p
~7:3Oa| 8:00 a j Sonoma. '¦ llT-lOal 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:CQ.pi. Glen Ellen. ( 6:05 _rj «:20p
; 7:3o"af8:00"a] ' : |10-40 a|10 20 m
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Seba«topol. i 7:3Spj 3:20 p
STAGES connect at • Green Brae for Pan
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for Whit« Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mai* West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at G<?y-
servllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloveriale for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Hlsrhland Springs.
. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Spring". 8cda Bay. Lake,
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerly's.
Bucknell'8 ' SanAedrin Heights-, Hullville. Orr'»-'
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptcne. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins Mendocino C'O'. Fort Bragg.
Weatport. Usal: at Willlta.- for Fort Brags
Westport Sherwood Cahto. Covetlo. Layton-
vllle Cummlngs. Beirs Springs. Harris, CU-
*en'«. Dyer. Garbervllle. Fepperwood. Scotfa, '
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced ratps. .'
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond 8an Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street.- Chronicle
building.
H C. WHITINO R. X. RYAN.
Gen. 1 Manager. Gen. Pass. Axt.'
fPLACE Y0U3 ORDERS EARLY -I--'
pitCENTiil
1 COOK BOOK
I Another shipment xrUX
\ arriTe about January 21, *
; 1904.
I In order to satisfy the
j ' demand for this premium '.; i
| '. we* have ordered another
* carload of these books,*
' and all persons sending to
.TbeCook B<tok Depart- '
'- merit of this paper a stx f '
months' subscription to
'tint Dally arid Sunday
\ Call ' may secure one of the
' Twentieth " Century Ck>ok .
¦ Books" at the premium
j rate of 50c. ,
!Oui-oMcwn subscribers should remit
20: sddiii3ntl to prepay frtnsporhtisi
chargei. - _^^
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ;?[
Eczema
Silt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
Acne or other skin troubles,
promptly relieved and cured by
This scientific germicide, which
is harmless, cures by killing
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists.- • If not
• at yours, send 25 cents for. a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
.*my' signature. '; 'Accept no
"' substitutes. Address
Ci '/I /ifl'U-^tl I — JL'tt'-O -ranee St
ty i? . * 1 l
mlt , /Valuable Booklet oa the
. »«»»¦• -^treatment of; diseases.
Rheumatism
Neuralgia
Malaria
. Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned.. Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by. all-dealers and at office
of Haipruner Medical Mfg. Co., :
28 California St., S. F., sent by j
mail or express. People cured !
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
. "King of «B. Bottled Beers."
Brevved from Bohemian Hops*
SOLO EVEBVWHSRE.
HiLBEiiT MERCANTILE CO.
Pacific Coast Agents.
! TABMURST I
\ K^Cuj^ct BRAND |
! QUARTER 8IZE8 QDARTER EACH I
I CLUETT, PCA5ODY * CO. M
Uaiers of Cluett and Monarch Shirts (d
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
PUSEURJ OF AHATOSY$
A Q^ 13SlJ!A2SSTST.lot.3:hSW.3.F.Ci:. Q
X ty The Lareest Anatomiail Museum is the \
V 1 . n jifr~ mii World. Weaknesses or any contracted / \
' ferc?l dsseise positively cured t>y the oldest JL
O flS-SSI b P eclaii4ton theCcls - E»t.3« years. O
A !§£ A DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ ¦«m)h Connoltation free and sTictly private.
A f jSi&L H TiMtment p^rjonlliy or by Irtter. A I I
V» 17 fl8 Ptritic* Curt in erery case undertaken. \
AP f\ \\m Wm( f o , B»L. PB!I.O<iUI>UYaf A
/' jl lyt B4KHIACE, MAILED FKEB. (AT
A 4J {|. »aiuable baolc for m»n'i \
V DB. JUDDAN 4 CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
/ —^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jBLmmtsJmm 629 KEARXV.ST. Established
ISnl*^*^ 1 " IS54 for the treatment of I'rivate
ftl/joi a*?f Disca.ips. I.ost Manhood. Debility or
qjftSsX^&JArtiKeas" wearlniton hodyaixl mind ami
Svp$?3%»j«!*kln Disenscs 'Dip DortorcurM whf-n
r** x 4K^.^Sr4ot)ters fii.lt. Try him. i'Ihhsps low.
r^SSSiSSifureBRJsnrttiit*-*-*!. Cullor write.
Dr. J. 1". GIBBOS, san Francisco, Cal.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
I BpsSv ifjBiflB v^£3
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 0:30 a. m., througrh In 3 days,
with diner and all trapping's.
Other Santa Te Trains:
7:30 a. m. 1 for stockton Fresno. Bakersfleld,
9:30 a. rn. I Me rced. Hanford and Visalia.
S:0O p. m. J
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFPICE— €41 Market St.. and
Terry Depot, S. T. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. v
[f|pp5S|g|jj TOSANRAFAEL,
|P®^S R0SS VALLEY -
MILL VALLEY
|^^^^g CAZADERO, Etc.
laSSSI^aS^S^l via Sansallto Perry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric — !
Depart from San Francisco Daily — 7:0O. 8:0O.
9:00 10:00. 11:00 a. ra.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:15.
5-15 C:15 7:00 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. ft>.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 5 23 6:35 7:40 S:35. 0:33. 11:05 a.
m 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:43., 4:15. 5:43. 6:43.
8 -it> 10:20 p. m.
FROAI MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Daily— 5:45. *"-35. 7:52. 8:55. 0:f>3.
11-20 a. m. 12:35 2:00. a:15. 4:05. 5:05. 6:03.
7-05 0:00. 10:35 p. rn. .. - ;
\ THROUGH TRAINS. ' V*
8-00 a m dally— Ca2adero and way etatlons.
! 5:J5 p'. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:13 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way ata-
tions.
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations.
. TICKET OFFICE— e26 Market «t.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market at.
: Mt, Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tia Siasaiiw Ftrrj Arnve
' San Francisco foot »( lUrkit &. San Francisco
Week Sun- t 'iV? Sun- Week
JDays^ days J0Prf*rm9!K. tiaya Days.
•18.33 i»8:OUA U':U&p f6740|
•J:45r »:OOa WBgSyglia l:25pa:5, (p
ft:15f IO:OOa »:5f>p r,:So P
i — • 11:00a Tgft5§»^ *:50p »:S0»
i ~._~!-3:13p T:gQ» "**3!!
•CwiKt Tita rtm ftr * Kptm tad Tffl»T d^ _
TKJ« J 6« Market ST.,(North Shore RailroadT
UnCS I and Sausauto Fssa y. Foot Market Sc i
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
When You Buy, Buy Right |
TSE3E POCKET KNIVES are •!
ruaranteed — finest kind , of steel in . . the I
blades; beat workmanship in the construe- '
tlon. You can ret nothing like this knife
anywhere for the money. ¦ .
I carry all standard lines of cutlery — • j
Stiletto, Henckel's, Jordan's, Woiun
holm's and others. ALL. AT- POPULAR
PRICES. *
: , Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS [
; F. W. PITTS, The Stationer,
1008 MAGKST ST., Above Powell.
• SAN FRANCISCO.Pyrography outfits and things to burn
in wood and leather. Art Material De
partment. Sanborn. Vail & Co. •
BERLIN. Dec. 27. — King Christian
of Denmark Is ill at Gmunden, Aus
tria, and his departure for Copen
hagen has been postponed.
King Christian Is HI.
GOLD BEACH* Or., Dec. 27.— It Is
feared that the little gasoline schooner
Alta, with a crew of three men and
perhaps one or two passengers, which
left Coos Bay for Rogue River ori De
cember 19, has been lost. Late In, the
same day she was seen off the mouth
of Rogue River trying to get in. That
night a storm arose and nothing haa
been seen of her since..
Fears Are Entertained for the Safetjc
of the Aha and Three Men
on Board.
SCHOONER AND CREW
MAY HAVE BEEN LOgT
XAMPA, Idaho. Dec. 27.— Foreman
Hooper of the Dewey farm to-day shot
and killed Pink Bradley, who a week
ago eloped with Hooper's wife. The
ehootlng occurred at the farm. ' Six
shots were fired and all took effect.
Kills Ills Wife's Paramour.
OREGON CITY, Or.. Dec. 27.— The
alleged theft of a silver spoon from a
local saloon late last night very near
ly delayed the departure from thi3 city
of the Starrford University Glee and
Mandolin clubs. Following the enter
tainment by the collegiate organiza
tions at the armory and while the
members were awaiting the departure
of the last car to Portland, some of
the collegians entered a saloon and
ordered a round of drinks. Simul
taneously with their departure an
ornate silver spoon disappeared.
The enraged saloon man gave chase
and overtook his customers at their
hotel. He demanded that they pro
duce the spoon, but they did not and
would not try. A policeman appeared
on the scene and the saloon man Indi
cated the student who had been hand
ling the spoon at the bar. The police
man searched him against the vocifer
ous protests of the other musical col
legians, but without; avail. The liquor
dealer insisted that the whole glee
club be searched, claiming that his
bartender had seen them take ' the
spoon, but the policeman refused to
undertake the job and the musicians
departed on th'eir train. i
Alleged Theft or a Spoon Makes Him
Wroth Against Glee and Man
¦r'jjT doiin Clubs.
SALOON* MAX ACCUSES
STUDENTS OF STANFORD
TROT. K. T.. T>c. 27 — Pir# to-day in the
*us!n«e pon'.on of the city did $200,000 dam
«r«". TT:» f.atn*? orijrir.at"! in the back room
of A. XV. Hollistw'e whoWaie and retail
»roc«-y on River ttre*t and spread to Fitz
t'»trick A Draper's tobacco factory and the
Troy Furniture Company building.
Tattooing is now done with a needle
driven by electricity.
own initiative. The matter had bern
aiscussed in local scieutUlc circles,
where the opinion prevails that the
grounds o? the Institution In this city
are the proper site for their final rest
ing place.
WINDSOR, Vt.. Dec. 27. — Helen W.
Evarts, relict of the late William M.
Evarts of New York, died at her coun
try home here to-day in her x eighty
fourth year.
Mrs. Helen W. Evarts Dead.
The parade' started rrom the head
quarters of the tong in SpofTord alley
The procession was as gorseoui a
panorama of cd!or as has «jver beon
witnessed in this city and probably the
most notable since the one that fo!
lov>fd the famous "Little Pet 3* to hi.*
last resting place. Fully 2Z00 rcnn
turned out, some cm foot and others on
horreback. but carriages were conspic
uous by their absence.
The Chinefe Masons made arrange
ments for 350 carriages at *ihe rate c f
f7 each, but at the last minute the
harkmen raiped their prices. A con
sultation was held and the Celestials
decided to walk rather than stand the
additional tariff.
RICH DISPLAY OF COLOR.
The remains of the late Kow Kan
Gouey, vice president of the Chee Kong
Tong, or Chinese Free Masons, were
laid to rest yesterday afternoon with
Oriental ceremonies befitting a man
of his rank. The funeral services were
of an elaborate character and were par
ticipated in by thousands of Chinese,
many of v.hom carne from distant
places to pay homage to a man whose j
name was familiar to every Chinaman
from Maine to California.
For thirty days the corpse of Kow
Kan Gouey lay in state at the head- J
quarters of the powerful association !
in Spofford alley. During that time :
thousands of his countrymen viewed j
his remains, and music was played at !
his casket end punks were burned j
there day and night, so that the infiu- ;
ences of the evil spirit might be ban- J
ished forever.
Kow Kan Gouey died nearly a month |
ago at the age of 71 years. His life :
i had beon an ideal one, according to the ;
idea of the Celestial, and during his i
long: reisrn as an officer of the Chinese j
Free Masons and a Chinatown mer- j
i chant his reputation traveled to other !
I climes and other lands, and accordingly, j
; trhen he was called by death, his loss j
j was felt throughout the length and
i breadth of the land.
It is the custom of the Chinese to do
! great honor to their dead, and when
j the news of the demise of Kow was
! spread over the country many of the I
j prominent Masons in the larger cities
i Ficrnlfled their intention of attending
i the funeral services. It was impossible I
for them to make the long trip at that
: time, so, after a d^al'of consultation,
it was finally decided to postpone the
funeral service for one month, so that
Chinamen in other States might have
a chance to attend.
MAXY NOTABLES PRESENT.
Nearly every State in the Union was
represented at the funeral. Large dele- '
nations came from all the cities of the
Northwest and Canada. Some came
from as far as Mexico, while numbers
made the journey from New York and
Chicago. In all, several hundred prom
inent Celestials from all over the coun
try took part in the burial services.
The hour set for the big parade to
start from the headquarters of the
long was 11 o'clock, but by 9 in the
morning the streets near the place were
thronged with Orientals and Occi
dentals all eager for a glimpse at the
gaudily robed Masons as they passed
in and c-ut of th» building.
When the hour of noon was at hand
Chinatown was crowded as 't has not
been in >-e-ns. Every street where the
j>rooofsion was to pass was iiikd and
an extra squad of police was n<>ces
t-ary to keep the immense crowd in'
chtck.
In the grave with the coffin were low
ered a large portrait of the dead man.
together with several packages of
charms, all of which are supposed to
drive away the evil spirit. Before the
body was lowered into the grave n.11
the mourners advanced near the coffin
in pairs and bowed in prayer.
The parade took in all the principal
streets of Chinatown and was more
than an hour passing along its route
there. It then wended its way down
Kearny street to Market, but by the
time the latter thoroughfare was
reached most of the paraders had
dropped out and only a small number
followed the coffin to Fifth and Market
streets, where it was put on a car and
sent on Its way to the Chinese Cemetery
below Colma.
A peculiar feature of the funeral was
t^at very fev,- of the mourners followed
the body to the grave. Less ¦ than a
hundred persons made the journey,
most of the mourners^Jjeing apparently
content with participating in' the pa
rade"* and the ceremonies at the head
quarters of the tong. '..•.".
The cervices at the grave were long
and imposing. The remains were taken
to the highest point of the cemetery
and "there laid to rest- with the usual
ceremonies that attend a Celestial of
note. The roast pig and the burning
punks were laid by the coffin and the
death prayers were chanted by the offi
cers of the order.
Then followed warriors bearing huge
spears, guns and battle axes. Behind
them marched more musicians, and the
rear of this wonderful procession was
made up of Chinamen in the ordinary
walks of life who simply marched
along, chattering among themselves as
they went.
MARCH THROUGH CHINATOWN".
Behind the hearse marched another
delegation of honored citizens, all car
rying lighted punks and banners.
Others blew notes on weird horns and
still others clanked their cymbals and
beat uncanny tunes on Oriental drums,
so that the evil one might be kept at a
distance.
and was several blocks long. It was
headed by an American brass band,
playing a death march and next in
line was a «ruard of honor on horre
back. the riders clad in flowing robes of
wondrous colors and carrying immense
flaps and emblems.
Then came a detachment of promi
nent members, of the tong cm foot.
There, like the riders, were gowned in
striking costumes, some carrying fans
and others flags, banners and shiskls.
After these marched a Chinese band,
playing a death march accompanied by
the clang of cymbals.
Then followed the riderless horse, an
immense black steed, the head of which
was completely covered with black
crape. The steed was followed by an
other band and more riders and after
these 'the hearse, drawn by six coal
black horses.
Jiover Dead.
McKEEBPORT. Pa.. Dec 27.— After a
journey ¦ f neariy 4000 miles which was
to baye had its termination at the nup
tial altar. MIfs Lillian Bennett of
WVdnesbury, Eng., to-day stood In the
prpsr-ncp of the remains of her be
trothed, Ambrose Good, who was killed
in the wreck of the Duquesne limited
last Wednesday evening. The scene in
t,V little darkened parlor home of
Thomas It. Good, a brother of Am
brose, was pathetic. Just across the
Ftrcet from the home of Thomas Good
stands the cottage which Miss Bennett's
intended husband had purchased and
furnished for her.
To-morrow, which was» to have been
the last before the wedding, will wit
ness th« funeral.
Mis* Bennett Comes From England
to Marry and Finds Her
nETIIOTHED YESTERDAY
AND MOCRXER TO-DAY
Body of Founder of Smithsonian In
stitution Will Be Brought to
America for Interment.*
GENOA. Dec. 27.— Dr. Alexander Gra
ham Bell, inventor of the telephone, has
arrived here. He will convey to the
Smithsonian Institution. at Washington
the remains of James Smithson. found
er of the institution, who died in Genoa
in 1S29.
j WASHINGTON. Dec. 27.— It is said
\ here that the reason for the removal
at this time of the body of the founder
of the Smithsonian Institution from
Genoa to this country is that a stone
quarry .has encroached on the English
cemetery at Genoa to such an extent
that it has become necessary to remove
the remains interred there. Bell left
this country a little more than a week
ago. Congress has made no appropria
tion for the removal of Smithson's re
mains to this country, and it could not
be learned to-night, owing to the ab
sence of Professor Langley from the
city, whether the regents of the Smith
sonian Institution had voted money for
this purpose or Bell was acting on his
SOUTH McALESTER, I. T., Dec. 27.
—A gang of five bank robbers looted
the bank in Kiowa, a small town six
teen miles north of here, at 3 o'clock
this morning and escaped after several
hundred shots had been exchanged be
tween the robbers and a posse of fifty
citizens cf Kiowa.
The robbers dynamited the safe and
secured about J2S00 In cash, some of
which is believed to have been muti
lated by the explosion. The bank
building was partially wrecked, the
damage to the building being about
51500. . ¦ • .-
An entrance to the bank was gained
by the use of crowbars through a rear
window. While two of the men did the
work of blowing the safe, three stayed
outside as guards. The first explosion
was a failure, making a loud report
but doing little damage. The citizens
heard the noise and, arming themselves
with revolvers and shotguns, hurried to
the bank. At the command of a leader
of the citizens a volley was fired at the
robbers, who were visible through the
shutters. The fire was returned by the
guards secreted on the outside.
While the two men on the inside
worked, the three men on the outside
kept up a steady fire with the posse
of citizens. It took three explosions to
open the safe.
After the last explosion the burglars
gathered up their tools and, leaving
through the front of the bank, got
away in the dark. The posse followed
the gang for a distance but lost the
trail. While some of the citizens be
lieved one robber was injured, not one
of the citizens was struck. The latter
were protected from the fire of the
robbers by stock pens in the rear of
the bank building.
A posse of United States marshals is
in pursuit with little chance of imme
diate results, as the men had several
hours' start.
SMITIISOX'S REMAINS
TO BE BURIED HERE
Gang of Five Men Explode
Dynamite Under Safe Three
Times, Although Surrounded
CITIZENS FIRE;
ROBBERS WORK
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 27. — The
Sunday stillness at the League Island
j Navy Yard was broken to-day by the
hurried fitting out of the cruiser Dixie
for her trip to Colon, and to-night the
trim little vessel lies in Delaware
River, ready to sail to-morrow morn
ing. The activity at the yard resem
bled much the busy scenes there be
fore the Spanish-American war. Brig
adier General Elliott, commanding the
marine corps, and who Is going to the
Isthmus on the Dixie, nrrived in the
afternoon. Three companies of ma
.rines — one from Boston and the
others from Washington — also ar
rived. They were marched to the bar
racks and later were sent on board the
cruiser. Altogether the Dixie will
take south 600 marines, who will be
under the command of Lieutenant
Colonel Waller.
The work of loading the cruiser
continued until last midnight and was
completed this afternoon. The quan
tity and character of her cargo indi
cate that the Government expects a
long campaign at Panama. Her holds
and decks are crowded to the limit
with stores. Besides the regular
.stores and other outfit for the marines
on board and those now at the isth
mus, the Dixie will take with her five
wagonloads of small-arm ammunition,
a large quantity of lumber, camp sup
plies and a number of wagons.
Cargo Indicates That Long Campaign
on Isthmus Is Expected.
DIXIE READY T<^ SAIL.
The Lady Joicey was a vessel of 2046
tons register and was built in 1898 at
Sunderland, England. She was 351 feet
long, 45 feet beam and 24 feet deep.
REDDING, Dec. 27. — As a result of
a quarrel on the road two miles north
of Trinity Center, m Northern Trinity
County, yesterday afternoon Frank
Sevedge was shot and killed. A. Price
is in jail at Weaverville, charged with
murder. It is^ reported that Sevedge
and a friend were traveling in a buggy
when they met three men, one of
whom was. Price. A quarrel soon en
sued, resulting in the killing. It is
believed here that all five men engaged
in a battle of bullets.
Sevedge was a brother of Mrs.
James Ellery of this city. Mrs. Ellas
Ellery and Mrs. Frank Bassham of
Trinity County. He was a
engineer and 31 years old. Price is a
prospector.
Mechanical Engineer Killed in a
Duel in Which Five Men
Took Part.
SHOOTING IX QUARREL
ENDS LJFE IX TRINITY
Firemen Arc Called and They
Extinguish Blaze, but Depart
From the Premises Without
Having Noticed the Dead Man
An explosicn of illuminating gas at 3
L.ily terrace last night at 7:30 o'clock
caused an alarm to be turned in from
box 133. After the incipient blaze had
been extinguished Joseph Keating was
found cold in doath by Ms mother, as
the result of gas asphyxiation.
Shortly after 7 o'clock last night Mrs.
M. Keating: and Miss Virginia Keating,
her daughter, returned to this city
nfter a visit of several days wi'.h
friends in Pinole. Arriving at their resi
dence. 3 L'ly terrace, they opened the
front d^or and detected the odor of ga.s.
Mrs. Keating instituted a search and
found the odor to be strongest near thv»
door to her eon's room. Striking a
match sh» opened the door and a deaf
ening explosion followed. Henry "Vas
ter, who resides in the immediate vi
cinity, saw the flash and turned In a
fire alarm.
The department promptly responded
and extinguished a blazing curtain and
pome smoldering woodwork. After the
departure of the firemen Mrs. Keating
and her daughter visited the 6cene of
the explosion and were horrified to find
the body of the son and brother lyins
dead in bed.
Apparently he was in bed when over
taken by death, as his clothes were
found neatly arranged on a chair n?ar
the bed. It is supposed that the un
fortunate man fell asleep with the sra3
turning, and in some manner the flame
extinguished during the night.
Peath had taken place many hours pre
vious, and It is thought that the trag
»¦«!>¦ occurred Saturday nieht.
Th? Coroner's office was notified and
th«» body removed to the Morgue. De
roased was a telegraph operator em
iloycd by the Postal Telegraph. Com
;>3r.y. and was 27 years of ase.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 27.— In a clump
of bushes which screened it from view
from every point except to within a few
feet away, the body of a man waa
found near .the northwestern boundary
of the city this morning by two small
boys who were hunting rabbits. At
first it was supposed that it was the
body of a suicide, but investigation by
the city detectives, to whom the boys
reported their find, disclosed unmistak
able evidence of murder. Who the vic
tim was. what the motive and who
killed him are matters which have not
as yet been established and the case la
surrounded by mystery.
The body is that of a man of about
forty years of age and he waa evi
dently a laborer, for it was rough
ly dressed and the hands were rough,
indicating that the man had been
accustomed to hard work. There was
not a scrap of paper in his pockets or
anything else by which any clew to his
identity could be discovered. Had the
crime been committed by a maniac,
greater butchery could not have been
done. The weapon used -was evidently
an ax and with it nearly a dozen blows
were delivered, any one of which would
have been sufficient to have caused
death. ' The head of the dead man was
literally chopped to pieces.
The right arm was broken and there
were bruises about the body showing
that the man had made a desperate re
sistance and that it was only after he
had been knocked down that the mur
derer finished him with blows on the
head.
The scene of the murder is in a sec
tion of the city in which there is not
a house within a quarter of a mile.
Near the body were found torn scraps
of an envelope which when pasted to
gether gave the detectives a name and
address, but what it is the officers have
refused to make public.
The pockets of the dead man were
turned inside out and there was no
money on the body. The officers are
not yet ready to accept robbery as the
theory of the murder because no rob
ber wculd have found it necessary to
chop his victim to pieces in the manner
in which this murderer did. The man
had been dead less than twelve hour*
but no person has been found who saw
strangers in that part of the city last
night.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦Ax Is the Weapon Used and
There Is Evidence to
Show That a Desperate Strug
gle Preceded the Horror
MYSTERY OF CRIME
PERPLEXES OFFICERS
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Dec. 27.— The
British steamship Lady Joicey, Cap
tain Smith, bound from Chilean ports
to Savannah, Ga., Wilmington, N. C,
and New York, -with a full cargo of
nitrate of Boda, took fire and sank
seventy-five miles south of Porto Rico
last Wednesday.
The cargo of the Lady Joicey ex
ploded and. the vessel went down within
two and a half hours. Captain Smith
with his crew and one passenger ar
rived at Ponce In two small boats, com
pletely exhausted and almost naked,
having made' their way through terri
ble seas.
There were no fatalities and the only
serious injury was suffered by one
sailor, who had his leg broken and
who is now in the hospital. The Brit
ish Consul at Ponce attended to the
immediate wants of the shipwrecked
mariners, who are expected to arrive
here to-morrow.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 27. — "Jim"
Carr, the negro who killed Deputy
Marshal Cobb at Saucier, In Hancock
County, Miss., yesterday, was lynched
by a mob at Millvlew last night.
Carr was disturbing the peace. When
the officer attempted to arrest him
Carr shot Cobb. killing him Instantly.
The Marshal of Saucier returned the
fire, wounding the negro, who was then
locked up in the town jail.
An attempt was made to lynch him,
but was prevented by the Marshal.
As it was feared that the mob would
return, the Marshal hurried the pris
oner away in the night, intending to
take him to the County Jail at Mc-
Henry, which is safe against attacks,
but he was waylaid in the pine woods
by the mob and the prisoner was taken
from him and hanged.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FINDS CORPSE OX BED
WHEN FLAMES ARE OUT
Make Their Way in Two Small
Boats Through Storm-Swept
Waters to the Port of Ponce
Taken Jrom Officer While Lc
iu^ Hurried Away at Nislit
From Scene of His Crime
ALL OF THE CHEW ESCAPE
-Mrs. M. Keating: Enters House
and Lights Match, Exploding
Escaped Gas That Ended
the Life of Her Offspring
Boys Find the Body of an Un
known Man Who Had Been
Brutally Killed in the Out
skirts of City of Los Angelea
"JIM* CARE IS HANGED
Marshal of Mississippi Town
Fails in Attempt to Save
Life of k Negro Murderer
Vice President of Chee Kong Tong, or Chinese Free Masons, Is
Laid to Rest at the Celestial Burying Grounds — Small Army
of Prominent Mourners Marches in a Wondrous Parade
Cargo of Nitrate of Soda on
the Lady Joicey Explodes
and Fire Destroys the Vessel
EXPLOSION
REVEALS HER
SONS BODY
FIENDISH
MURDERER
TAKES LIFE
BLAZING SHIP
SINKS AT SEA
MOB LYNCHES
COBB'S SLAYER
IMPOSING SERVICES ATTEND
BURIAL OF KOW KAN GOUEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' MONDAY. DECEMBER 28, 1903.
VIEWS OF GORGEOUS FUNERAL
PROCESSION OF LATE PRESI
DENT OF CHINESE MASONS.
3
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SA.ZT r&AITCZSCO FHYSXCIAjr
TJecs Serpicide Successfully In Treating:
Z?7«csis of the Beard.
He says: "I recently treated a cane of
mycosis (similar to •'barber's itch') of the
lov.-er lip. With Newbro's Herpicide.
There trcs an extensive loss of board,
with ir.flarnmation extending- well down
<">n the chin. The result of the applica-
tion of Herpicide was most gratif yinff-
The loss of beard erased and a new
prowth of hair if now taking place over
the «"<nce inflamed area.
"(Sirr.ed) Melville E. O'Neill. M. D..
•'8<5 Howard St.,
"San PYanciFCO. Cal."
Herpicide kilJs the dandruff (germ and
permits the hair to prow abundantly.
Sold bv les.dinsr drufrsMsts. Send 10c in
utamps fir sampl- to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit Mich.
- —
Fcr Infants &nd Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tLo /^~8* y/S^Tr /> "
CUTHERJt*
EVHOJORRRANIED j
¦ : ¦ j
When ycu pay ioc for a
package cf pepper, which would
you rather have : ice of pep-
per; or 5c of pepper and 5c oi
Ther. ' v Schilling's Best.
CiSWATS XEADY EEUEP has stood j
. h-\' Paruitior 1 ! j<heurnati»Bi. .Neuralgia, i
H^&d^rSS^ .no -;',P«'JJ:. ££££'
£or i4«t:w:* and all Dowel 1'ala. All dra.K»->it. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H "SCARCHIMa MIS SOUL FOR SOUNDS TO TCLL MOW SCANT MC WAS."
I "RED SAUNDERS"— his three
H 1 1 f 1 1 11 1
I strange pets and the fresh bulldog.,
I The funniest story Henry Wallace
1 Phillips has written. * Pictures
I by A. B. Frost.
I Other features of the January number of
P arc ..*** M
I Can the SOUTH solve the / Idi M. Tarbsll's great story of ..•**' j . 1
I NEGRO PROBLEM? S ROCKE.FE.LLE.R , Th I
K ' . • . . . JT'. _ which "is one of the most ..-"^ November If
\\ An important discussion of this great -. .... ••?©and Decem- u
A , , .. ' ti i c u u startling revelations that ..-•<>* ber numbcrs of |
I national question by Carl Schurz who, haj} cQmc to ' the y . -^ &° , 9O 3-the first mo |
I of all Americans in public life to-day, is American people y^^nt^T^Tlt I
P best qualified from personal experience to for a long ••* *o* ie T pt i on l or ' 9 -%X'i II
Pj * ." inontns ror j i .00. *\ uorcss »
I McClure's—lO Cents a Copy- -$1.00 a Year « y\ Samtt , ~ ; im
I At Any Price the Best / w . ...IOAKLAND, Dec. 27.— Three rousing
cheers, given by ' the veterans of Ap
pomattox Post, G. A. R.; the members
Touching Ceremonies
Are Witnessed by
Veterans.
Starry Banner Raised
Above the New
Burial Spot.
EARTH FROM GRAVES OF HEROES IS STREWN
AT FOOT OF FLAGSTAFF IN SOLDIERS' PLAT
Manchuria is Jufct twice the ilse of
Japan.
Pretty papeterics in beautiful boxes;
envelopes and paper tied with silk rib
bons. Good for New Year's. Sanborn,
Vail & Co. .. •
OAKLAND, Dec. 27. — Louis Gra
tlano, who was shot twice last Wednes
day night, seems to be in about the
same condition he was yesterday,
though Dr. Derrick, who has charge of
the case, fears that there Is little
chance of saving his life.
Grtitlano Still Alive.
Daniel Reardoh, who resides at 15
Alta place, was found this morning
about 2 o'clock by. Special Policeman
King of the Santa Fe on section 2 of
the seawall with his throat and left
wrist cut, the wounds, being'self-in
flicted. The- suflterer was removed to
the Harbor Hospital.' 1 'The 'physicians
are of opinion* that he will die.
Attempts Suicide on Seawall.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 27. — Spruce Camp
No. 132, Woodmen of the World, will
entertain in Woodmen's Hall next Sat
urday evening with a musical pro
gramme, the feature of which will be
songs by a double quartet of Jubilee
singers. W. W. Goggin and C. L. I^tw
lnson of Spruce Camp are managlnd^S
the affair.
Woodmen Will Entertain.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27. — The condition
of* Willie Kuhl, the cash boy who had
his skull fractured last Thursday even
ing while playing in the basement of
Taft & Pennoyer's store, became worse
this • evening arid Dr. J. M. Shannon,
who has charge of the case, fears that
meningitis may set in, which! in the
weakened state of the boy, would no
doubt prove fatal.
Lad's Condition Worse.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27. — Fred M.
Campbell, formerly State Superinten
dent and also Alameda County Super
intendent of Schools, who recently
suffered a stroke of paralysis, is re
covering from his illness and is now
able to go about.
Recovers From Illness.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27.— Evelyn Ruth
Barr, the 2-year-old daughter of
Daniel J. Barr, the fireman who was
injured in the burning of the Arcata
House, when Sam Parker was killed
and Fn.k Sicotte seriously injured,
died to-day at the home of her parents.
711% Sixth street. The funeral will
be held from the family residence next
Tuesday at 2 p. m. Interment at St.
Mary's Cemetery.
Fireman's Daughter Dead.
She was removed to the Emergency
Hospital where her injuries were
treated. The woman is In a serious
condition, being very feeble, and the
accident may result fatally. She be
came hysterical as soon as she
reached the hospital and is unable to
tell how the accident happened.
Mrs. Mary Ann Swan, an aged ln
vajid. was found in an unconscious
condition in front of her residence,
1025 Jackson street, at an early hour
this ruorning with both legs broken
abovt? the knees. It Is supposed that
she Jumped out of the window of her
room while her mind was wandering.
on the Sidewalk With Both
Her Legs Broken.
Mrs. 3Iar> Ann Swan Is Found Lying
OLD WOMAX MEETS WITH
A SERIOUS ACCIDENT
"If the highest class of such bonds
fell sufficiently in price .to yield 4 per
cent buying would be on an unprece
dentedly large scale. As it is, there
have been lately immense purchases
both of bonds and shares by French
and German and other continental in
vestors." ":. "'V"
LONDON, Dec. • 27. — What little
business was transacted on the Stock
Exchange last week was completely
dominated by the varying phases of
the Far Eastern situation. Japanese
securities were severely depressed at
the beginning of the week, but became
steadier when it was seen that the ne
gotiations between Russia and Japan
were likely to continue. Depression,
however, waa rather general and was
only resisted by the American mar
ket. ';: v :
The Statist calls attention to the
fact that good American bonds are
growing In favor all over Europe, and
adds:
American Securities Seem to Be Grow
ing in Favor All Over
Europe. •
EASTERN CONDITIONS
AFFECT THE STOCKS
ward end of the cafe car where the pas
sengers were killed and injured. From
a space six feet square the bodies of
two women, a boy and a man were ta
ken out.
The westbound flyer, with its heavy
bulkheaded cars, stayed on the rails
back of the baggage and mail cars, and
the passengers in this train escaped se
rious Injury. As one man they rushed
out of the train to assist the less fortu
nate ones on the train from this city.
PASSENGERS AID THE JUAIMED.
Many stripped warm overcoats from
their backs and covered the suffering
Injured as they were borne to the less
shattered cars of No. 5 and into the re
mains of the parlor car of No. 6. Near
by farmers, hearing the crash, turned
out with blankets and did valiant ser
vice.
According to statements made by of
ficials of the Pere Marquette, the west
bound train was traveling' down grade
at a rate of sixty miles an hour. The
eastbound train was climbing the hill
at a speed of forty miles an hour. The
former carried probably seventy-five
passengers, while the latter is believed
to have been carrying at least 125 pas
sengers. The two trains collided at
about the middle of a long, sweeping
curve three-quarters of a mile west of
East Paris. ' „, • .
On the inner side of the curve is a
high embankment, preventing a view
of the track ahead.
When the engines met, one turned
completely over and lay with ita, nose
in a direction opposite to that in which
it had been traveling. The other
climbed the wreckage of the first, its
boiler, torn from the trucks, standing
erect in the center of the debris.
In the cafe coach of the ill-fated
eastbound train, which was demolished
as far back as the rear of the. forward
trucks, one of the most shocking of th*
TRAIN ON HAND.
The first relief train sent out from
here brought in the injured and those
of the dead who could be recovered
without the aid of the wrecking outfit.
The injured were rushed to the hospi
tals, where everything was in readi
ness for their reception. The second
relief train with the tool car and steam
crane was sent to the wreck as sooh as
the temporary hospital train had ar
rived here. Within twenty minutes the
wrecking crew had dug eight bodies,
each one. of them frozen' stiff. They
were brought here and sent to the
Morgue. Shortly before noon a third
train from the wreck arrrived with the
last of the bodies, those of Engineer
Stoddard and Fireman Burns, which
had been found beneath the wreckage
of the engines. Burns' body was burned
Into shapelessness. .-/..•^ .?*'•,
many tragedies of the wreck was en
acted. Section Foreman Baldwin, wife
and son had spent Christmas in Grand
Rapids and were returning to their
home at Milliken. Between the man
and wife, sitting on*the top of the. car
seat and playing with a bank received
as a Christmas gift, was their little
son. The crash came and all three met
death. A beam flying through the air
struck the child, beheading him. Mother
and son were found together on the
floor of the cafe car by the wrecking
crew when they penetrated into the
wreck.
Disciples of Minerva Will Make Merry
During: Last Hours of Dying
Twelvemonth.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27. — In this, the
'season of gifts, pleasure and entertain
ment, the Athenian Club has an
nounced a "chirps" for New Year's
eve. On the last day of the year the
club is to give its first and last jlnk3
of 1903. Following is the notice that
has been sent out concerning the
event:
ATHENIANS,
At last, • after agf s of Innocuous desuetude,
the rulna of Athens are to be restored and
the Temple of Minerva Is to ring merrily once
more.
On this coming Wednesday evening, the 30th
day of the 12th month, on the hour of eight,
at the club, there will be a
NEW YEAR'S CHIRPS.
It will try to revive some vt the memories
and customs of our fathers who have gone
before, and for the sake of this twentieth
anniversary of those good old times you are
cordially asked to come. ThU means you.
There will be a feast of reason ard a flow
of soul, and something for the inner man. too.
So be on hand and don't forzet th? date.
ATHENIAN CLUB ANNOUNCES
CHIRPS FOR NEW YEAR'S EVE
Burglars entered the manicuring
store of Mlsa D. Honig, 241 Geary
street, about 1 o'clock this morning,
but were frightened away before th?y
had time to secure any plunder. In tha
office of the place was a safe contain
ing a larse sum of money and in the
cash register there was a $5 piece and
also many valuable toilet articles scat
tered about the counters.
Patrolman^ William J. Cavanaugh was
passing the store at about 1 o'clock and
and he noticed the door open. He en
tered and made a thorough examina
tion, but could find no one in the place.
He then discovered that the strong box
in the office had not been broken open
nor the money in the cash register tak
en and came to the conclusion that the
thieves were frightened away before
they had a chance to loot the place. 4
Frightened Away by Patrolman Be
fore They Have n Chance to Steal
Large Sum of Money.
BURGLARS ENTER STORE,
BUT SECURE NO PLUNDER
On behalf of Appomattox Post and all vet
rranm of the Civil War. the soldiers of the
United States army and the sailors of the
navy, I take pleasure tn thanking the Moun
tain View Cemetery Association for Its gen
erous gift of this beautiful plat of ground.
The ceremonies were opened at 2:30,
with a prayer by Chaplain Arnold of
Company A. after which Captain W. K.
Thomas, commander of Appomattox
Post, briefly stated the object of the
gathering and in the name of the post
thanked the cemetery association for
its generous donation. He said in part:
of Appomattox Women's Relief Corps
and a large number of invited guests
and visitors, and a salute by a firing
squad from Company A, Veteran Re
serves, N. G. C, greeted the American
flag, raised for the first time over the
new burial plat for soldiers at Moun
tain View Cemetery at 3 o'clock this
afternoon.
The plat, which was donated by the
cemetery association for the burial of
veterans of the Grand Army and 30I
diers and sailors of the United States
army and navy who may die in Ala
meda County, was dedicated this after
noon by Appomattox Post, G.- A. R.,
and Appomattox Women's Relief Corps.
Company A, Veteran Reserves of the
National Guard, and the Cadet Corps
of the First Presbyterian Church actei
as escort, headed by the Maccabee Mil
itary Band, which played martial music
during the exercises.
THANKS ARE GIVEN.
The question has often presented itself- to
me, "Do we think enough of the men who
foueht and bled and died for that flag?" and
It is with deep regret that I am compelled to
answer "So." Many of us have forgotten that
these men who fought for the cau:-> e have a
great claim upon this country whose unity
they preserved. They faced danger and en
dured hardship without a murmur, thinking
always of the flag under which they nerved.
During the reign of Napoleon a soldier of
the Emperor, who had been shot in the heart
Aftej- the Has raising the address of
the day was delivered by the Hon. T.
O. Crawford, County Superintendent of
Public Instruction, who related several
touching incidents of the Civil War
which had come under his personal no
tice. Among other things he said:
wherein the nation's dead may aleeo undis
turbed beneath the Stars and Stripes, ' under
which they fought and for which they gave
their lives. I also wish to thank Captain
Ludwig Slebe, who save the flag which will
be raised during the exercises to-day. The
flagstaff was secured by Appomattox 1'ost and
is set In seven feet of concrete. It will last
lonirer than any of us, antf about Its base
will be strewn earth from many of the famous
battlefields of the Civil War. irom the craves
of some of our national heroes and from An
dersonville Prison. The earth from Ander
sonville will be scattered at the Vase of the
staff by two members of Company A, who
were Imprisoned there during the Civil War.
At the close of Captain Thomas' ad
dress "The Holy City" was sung by Mr.
Jackson, a colored singer, after which
the band struck up "The Star Spangled
Banner," and at a signal trom the post
commander, the flag, 10x20 feet In size,
was run rapidly to the top of the staff.
As it opened In the breeze a salute was
fired by a squad of Company A and all
present joined in three hearty cheers.
MEMCtRY OP THE HEROES.
SCATTERS HISTORIC EARTH.
After Mr. Crawford's address the la
dies of Appomattox Women's Relief
Corps, under the direction of their pres
ident, Mrs. Ada N. Brown, held a short
ceremony and scattered the • historic
earth at the foot of the flag staff. Be
fore beginning the certmony Mrs.
Brown said:
The ladles of the Appomattox Women's Re
lief Coriis No. 5 now consecrate this liberty
fstnft with boh from the battlefields of this
republic, beginning with Lexington and Bunker
Hill and from the tombs of Washington. Lin
coln, Grant, Jackson, Garfield, Scott. Logan
and others, aa well as from the rraves of
John Hancock, Samuel Adams and Robert
Treat l'alne, signers of the Declaration of In
dependence, of Paul Revere and Petar Faneull,
who built the cradle of liberty at Boston,
and from the grave of our third martyred
President, William McKtnley.
We- place this soil at the base of this beau
tiful 8tan*'wlth holy reverence, for It comes
from the blood-baptized beds of honor, where
our comrades sleep beneath the crimson dews
of war. In a land beloved, sanctified and re
deemed. • .
The most of the sell used in the cere
monies was collected by Major. Edwin
A. Sherman, who sent a letter express
ing his regret at being unable to be
present at the dedication. The letter
was read by Captain 'Thomas. After
the ceremony of the relief corps, the
soil from Andersonville Prison was
scattered at the base of the staff by
George W. Collins and John Donovan,
who were prisoners there during the
Civil War. '
The exercises closed with an address
by the Hon. Lincoln S, Church.
but was not yet dead, wah" laid upon the
operating table and the surgeons probed for the
bullet. "Probe deeper and you will flnd It,"
whispered the dying soldier. • "Find what?"
asked the surgeon, and the soldier answered.
"The picture of the Emperor." And so If
we could have probed' deep into the. hearts
of. the me,n who fought for th..- cause of
liberty we would have found enshrined there
the picture of the flag they loved.
SCENES AT THE CONSECRATION
OF SOLDIERS' NEW PLAT AT
MOUNTAIN VIEW CEMETERY.
of whom are happily married.
The Christmas tide has been happy
with them, but, it Is believed, she sud
denly decided that she had seen as
much of this world as she desired and
took the poison before any one could
prevent her.
An autopsy will be held to-morrow.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27. — After she had
passed the half-century mark and had
launched into the world a family of
children, Mrs. Ann Healy decided to
day that she would lay down the bur
dens of life. Shortly before noon at
her home, 73S Linden street, she waa
seen to take some kind of a drug 1 and.
immediately became 111. I>r. I>. F.~
Callinan was called at once, but she
died before any relief could be offered,
and the case waa reported to Coroner
Mehrmann.
The case is supposed to be one of
suicide, due to melancholia, though no
one knows what drug she took. Jamea
Healy, her husband, who i3 employed
at Becker's stables on Sixteenth street,
has been working steadily and there
have been no family troubles. Mrs.
Healy had raised a large famlly-7-two
boys, both of whom have reached
manhood, and several daughters, all
Mrs. Ann Healy Lays Down the Bur
dens pi Lire During Christ
mas Time.
TAKES POISON WITHOUT
AVARNIXG HER FAMILY
Miss Katherlne Brown wore a gown of yel
low organdies with bands of red velvet out
lining a very graceful pair of shoulders.
Miss Margery Coogan looked very girlish
and dainty in a pale pink point d'esprlt. and
Miss Noelle de Golia wore a most becoming
organdie gown, lavender and white.
Miss Charlotte Hall was charming In red.
Miss Mary Downey waa in blue, a dainty
blue dotted mulle. Miss Letty Barry wore a
becoming pink crepe de chine arid Miss Ann
McElrath's gown was of pink satin satin
striped chiffon. Miss Rose Kales and Miss
Ruth Houghton wore dainty organdie frocks,
the white ground- showing a large pink flower.
Toward midnight light refreshments were
enjoyed.
The patronesses of the Maple Club are Mrs.
M. W. Kales, airs. T. C. Coogan. llrs. W. M.
Hall. Mrs. Charles Houghton »nd Mrs. Horry
Meek. The members are Miss Ethel Amann,
Miss Frances Amann. Mi*8 Evelyn Adams.
Misses Beulah and Gladys Rrlghara. Miss
Adele Bangs. Miss Trulle Bunker. Miss Claire
Blddleman. Miss Alma Bundschu. Mi« liut
ler. Miss Marian Buffinston. Miss Joan Booth,
Miss Marian Bernard, Miss Doris Batchclder,
Miss Marguerite Becker. Miss Sue Becker.
Miss Marjory Coogan, Mis3 Madgo Cunning
ham, Miss Mabel Cooley. MIbs Vesta Colby,
Misses Hazel and Vera Cope Miss Martha
Chlckerlnjr. Miss Jeanette Cuvellier. Miss El
sie Cunningham. Sites Minna Conger. Miss
Bemle Claw. Miss Noelle de Golia Miss Mary
Downey. Miss Helen Dornin. Miss Farnetta
Davis, Miss Ethclyn Dulln. Miss Anita
Davis. Miss Clara and Miss Gladys English,
Miss Louise Eastman. Miss Natalie Fore; Miss
Susie Fry. Miss Edith Forster. Mi.«s Ruth
Green, Miss Geraldlne McGraw. Misses Jose
phine and Alice Glenn. Miss Enid Gulnn. Miss
Carrie Gerald. Mlsa Elmn Harmon Miss Sa
vllle Hayden. Misses- Cecil and Emily Harold.
Miss Edith Holt. Miss, Evelyn Hu9sey. Miss
Maude Henderson. Miss Beanie Haven, Miss
Margaret Hyde/ Miss Birdie Harmon. Miss
Helen Harold. Miss Louise Hume Miss Rhoda
Howell. Miss Charlotte Hall, MIfs Doris Henn,
Mlsa Elsie Horton. Miss Alice Holt. Miss Ed
na Ingraham. Miss Nellie Jordan. Miss Grace
Jordan Misses Josephine and Arllne Johnson,
Miss Ethel Johnson.
Miss Ethel Kent. Miss Rose Kales, Miss
Katherlne Kutz. Miss Muriel Kelley, Miss
Louise Langford, Miss Margery Lynch, Miss
Clarlsse- Lohse, Miss Evelyn Lerkowing. Miss
Charlotte Lally. Miss Llllle Morrison Misses
Eleanor and Ernestine Motler, Miss' Gladys
Meek, Miss Rachael Morrow, Mlwa Ann and
Hllila McElrath. Miss Jennie Morrow, Mias
Eleanor Merrill. Mi*s Geraldine McGraw, Miss
Winifred Mastick. Miss Rachael Newsom. Miss
Polly Noyes. Miss Edna Orr, Miss Fannie
Plaw, Misses Alma and Pansy Perkins, Miss
Genevieve Pratt. Miss Alice Pratt, Miss Par,
Miss Lulu KoKTts. Miss Lillian Reed. Miss
Gertrude Russell, Miss Cornelia Stratton, Miss
Effle Smllle, Miss C. Sharp. Misses Carmen
and Helen. Button, Miss Alice Shinn, Miss
Grace Stalder, Miss Grace Summer?, Miss
Lucy Shinn, Miss Isabelle Scupnam. Miss Rena
Scott, Miss Myrtle Sims, Miss Florence Sloper,
MIsb Elsa Schilling. Miss Lavlna Sargent, Miss
Anita Thompson, MIs>s Margaret Taylor, Miss
D. Tlsdale, Miss Johanna Volkmann. Miss Vir
ginia von. Loben Sets. Miss Edna Voogt. Miss
Alice Vosce, Misses Leslie and Ella Wight.
Miss Marian Walsh, Miss Frances Williamson.
Miss Juliet Wlnchell, Miits Edna Whitney,
Miss' Ethel Woodward. Miss Rita Witcher,
Miss Paula Wright. Miss Florence Zelgenfuss,
Kemp Acker. Philip Alexander Andrews. Her
bert .Bonutsch, Philip Bowles. Reeves Baker,
Andrew Bennison, Spencer Brown, Franklin
Bangs Jr.. Roy Briggs, Wlilard Barton, Ralph
Butler, Harold Baxter, Day Baxter, Dudley
Burnays Philip -Burnays. James Berney. Her
bert Baker Albert Bates. A. R. Baker. D. P.
Boortun, James Booth, R^ R. Bundschu, Albert
Butler Albert Brown, Herbert Brown. Prentlss
BurtlBs Carl Bruntch, Malcolm Campbell.
Charles Cuvelller, Albert Coogan, Colin Craig.
Earl Curtis Irving Cooper. Will Creed, Carle
ton Curtis Richard Curtis,- Carl Cushman,
Ralph Cunningham, Will Cahoone, Walter
Clark Woodson Craig. Neslle Craig. Lloyd
Craig' William Cavalier. Herbert Chandler,
Edele de Golia. John Delb«rt. Ephrlam Dyer.
Oordon Edwards Erie, Sidney Eschew, James
Eschwi, Emory Farnham Philip Fry. James
Furth, Allen Field Richard * oote. A. V.
Fletcher, Jack Fletcher, Will Gellette, Louis
and Alfred Ghlrardelli, Stephen Gage. Harry
Gutterson, Prentlss Gray, Malcolm Goddar.1,
Ralph Gorrlll. Arthur Gorrill. Kenneth Greg
ory Raymond Gott. J. Graves, Mortimer Al
fred GoKCin, Gabriel Gleve Glenn. Channlng
Hall Boyd Harrold. Sam Haven, Alvin Har
mon Valentine Hush. Andrew Homer. Shirley
Houghton, Hiram Hall. Georg> Howard, Her
tK-rt Harrold. Charles Howard. Parker Holt,
Lloyd Hughes, James Horan, Henry Isaacs.
John Isaacs, Robert Jordan. Will Jordan. Ar
ch'bald Jonefl. Howard Johnson, Fred Jami
son. Joe Kendall. Arthur Kelly. Frank Kales,
James Kutz, Fred Kutz. Merrill Klnsey. Harry
Loach. Kenneth Lowden, Will La Grange.
Harold Little, Cr-arles Lewis. Lansing Little
ton CharUn Lewis, Howard Metcalf. George
Morrow. Harold Meek. John McElrath, Millard
Merrill. Rosalter Michel, Chester McKIUlean,
Edward Malce. James Montan. Earl McBoyle,
Vance McClymonds, Harold Mathews. Ralph
McCormlck, Frar.k McKevltt, Claude Nosburg,
Chester Noyeti, Leslie Oliver. Harold Oliver,
Oliver Orrick. Richard Pennoyer, Arthur
Percy, Alvin Powell. Shelden Potter; Edward
Palmer, John P*tton. L. R. Qulllam. Lloya
Roberts.: Frank Robertson, Gerard Richard
son, Paul Smith. Henry Snell, Richard Sneli,
Nearly all the gowns were noticeably dainty
and pretty. Miss Hayden and Miss Kutz both
wearing queen organdies. The addition of a
wide red sntfn Fas>h and a corsage oouqutt ct
holly berries to Miss Kutz's dress was very ef
fective. Miss Clarisse Lohse was. like a bit
of Dresden China In a filmy dress of -white
point d' esprit over yellow silk, and Miss Louise
Hall wore a most i becoming yellow point
d'ecprlt with red poppies in her hair and cor
sage. Miss Elsie Campbell wore a pretty
pink chiffon and Miss Edna Orr was stunning
In a gown of white and silver with red roses
in her hair.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27. — The younger members
of the social set who comprise the .Maple Club
enjoyed their Christmas cotillon last evening
at Reed Hall. The decorations were not elab
orate, consisting simply of a screen cf palms
and potted plants across the platform, on
which tho musicians were, seated.
No flowers were needed, , however, to make
the scene a beautiful one. for nothing could
have been prettier than the living "buds" who,
garbed lti dainty frocks of every hue, pre
sented a most attractive picture.
Two cotillon figures were danced, the
"heart" and the "Santa -KJiavta." The. favors
for the first figure were small wand*, with
green streamers for the gentlemen and red
for the ladles, and for the Santa Claua figure
the toy favors were quite appropriate. The
cotillon was led. by Misses Sevllla Hayden
and Katherlne Kutz. Others in the first sec
were Misses Louise Hall. Rose Kales. Ger
trude Russell. Miss Carmen Button, Mias Isa
belle Scupham. Miss Hazel Cope, Mies Vera
Cope, Miss Josephine Johnson, Miss Noella de
Golla. Miss Helen Dornin. Miss Kthel Kent,
Misa Fannie Plaw, Miss Lillian Reed. Wood
son Craig. John Patton. Hugh Russell. . Carl
Wolff. William Volkmann. Lord Roberts and
Louis Eubls.
The Trir>at"e Dancing Club held Its "Yule
tide Jinks" at the reslder.ee of Mrs. H. C.
McGec. South Derkel»y, last Friday evenlnij.
The guests all wore fancy dresses. Christmas
pl:t3 were exchanged »r* a supper served
afterward. *
Th« Mis*e* Roro and Hazel Knowlci enter
tained a few friends Tuesday afternoon at
thoir home. The guest* were Miss Oeorgie
Wheeler Miss Lueile Shoecraft. Miss Pauline
Crowley, M:?s E*ss McHride. Miss Rita
Witchfr, Miss Elsie Kaufman, Miss Edith
Ooetzman. Miss Marsraret Hazeltine and Miss
Pearl Albee.
BerkeW LodJt? of the Rehekahs Initiated
candidates i-n Odd Fellows" Hall Thursday
night and afterward feasted them at a Dutch
banquet. Mrs. Alrra Jensen, grand presi
dent, was the presiding officer. She was after
ward presented with a silver and gold spoon
by Mr*. B. A. Whltemore In behalf of tha
lodge. Mrs. L. Offleld presided at th» ban
qu?t.
Berkeley Council No. IS. Ord«r of Americusv
held the second of a series of whist parties
in Old Fellows' Hall Tuesday night. Th
first prize, a Persian seal pocketbook, was won
by A. A. Albin: Uta s?cond prize, a brass
plaque, by William Crockett, and the consola
tion urize by M. H. Shuey.
Miss Leslie Orinnell and G. II. Sharrer were
married yesterday afternoon at 2 o'clock at
the residence of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. H. F. Grinnell of -'534 Rldije road. It
was a very quiet affair, in which only the
relatives and near friends of the brode and
gTOom paitlcipated. The ceremony was per
formed by the Rev. F. L. Ifosmer of the First
I'nitarian Church. The bride is a graduate of
the University of California and the grcom a
business man of Milton, Calaveraa Count>,
where tlw young couple will reside after their
return from a honeymoon trip in tha south
land.
BERKELEY; Dec. 27. — The wedding of Miss
Ethel Gushee and Melville Matthew took place
last evening at the home of the bride's parents.
Mr. and Mrs. George Gushee of 1W7 Fifty
eighth street. M!sa Sarah Matthew, sister of
the groom, and Allan his brother,
acted as bridesmaid and groomsman, respec
tively. After the ceremony a weddimr supper
was served, to which about twenty-five guests
were bidden. Mr. Matthew is a sun of the
Rev. W. S. Matthew of 20O3 Lincoln street.
Mrs. H. O. Coolldge and her daughter, Mary
Blakealee Coolidgt?,* are at the Hotel Metro
pole. They are vlaltlng Mrs. Adah Kellenber
ger. who ta a sister-in-law of Mrs. Coolldge.
After Visiting all DOlntg of interest here they
will eo to Southern California and to New
Orleans. Early In the summer they will go
to Eurooe, where Miss Mary will flnlsti her
education.
Charles Snellin, Efflnitton Button, Frank -St.
Claire, Atherton Shulze. Howard Sunlie, Frank
Solinsky, Warren Swayne. Bert Scott. McKee
Sharrard, Harry Shea, Clarence Seigfrled.
Dudley Sarseant, Rudolph Schilling, Edward
Spencer, Robert Shingle, Vernon Sheehan, Paul
Sbattuck, 8idney Shane. Raymond Taylor.
Jack Tavlor, John Taylor, Will Volkmann,
Harry and George Van Meter. George Vesper,
George Valentine. Robert Van Sant. Arthur
Vail, Robert Valleau, Norton Wllcox, Fred
Whitney, Alvin Wilder. Maurice Walsh, Wil
liam Weston. Sam Weaton, Carl Whltmore,
Roy Warner, Carl Wolff, George Warren. Vin
cent Wltcher, St. John Whitney, F. R. Wulfl.
Frank ¦ Wight. George Weeks, Dewey Wein
man, Theodore Wilder, Paul Toungberg.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY IN ALAMEDA COUNTY.
The westbound engine drove through
No. 6"s engine like a wedge, separating
the gear from the boiler and standing
the latter on end like a broken, twisted
shell. The running gear was crumpled
up like so much twine. Great cast steel
side rods were bent into many shapes,
and even the steel tires of the big driv
ing wheels were split and sprung from
the wheels, landing in some cases ten
feet from the engine. The boiler of en
pine No. 297 turned over several time?,
and the very force of the twisted impact
seems to have been the means of so.v
ing the life of Engineer Waterman- He
was flung forty feet over the fence at
the edze of the right of, way. Moon,
his fireman, was sitting on the opposite
side of the cab, and he, too, was thrown
clear of the pile of wreckage.
As the trains came together the
steam domes of each boiler blew oil,
releasing their contents, else there
would have been added horrors from
the blistering steam.
No. 6, cast bound, was composed of a
mail and baggage car, combination
6moker, buffet parlor car, day 'coach
and diner. The baggage car. caught be
tween the engine and heavy train, was
crumpled like pasteboard, only the roof
remaining partially unbroken. The big
blind mail coach, heavily bulkheaded,
took the brunt of the blow, but with
stood the crash and communicated It to
the smoker next to it in the rear. The
smoker was swept clean, as the mall
car telescoped its entire length . and
turtied over at the north side of the
track. The smoker In turn crashed .sev
eral feet into the parlor car and it was
at the rear end of. the smoker, and. for- 1
The injured: Gerritt M. Mottman,
Grand Rapids, internal injuries and hip
crushed, dying; Charles West, Saranac,
Mich., both leps broken, left hand torn
off. probably fatally; John Clark, Potts
ville, Mich., skull fractured and nose
broken, seriously injured about body
and hips; Michael Maltburg, Hart,
Mich., badly burned legs, hands and
breast; Charles T. Chambers, Iona,
Mich., injured about head, face, body,
hands and legs; Frank Waterman, De
troit, engineer No. 5, seriously injured
about head, face lacerated and internal
injuries; J.C, Woodworth, Palm, Mich.,
injured about head and body; Edward
Weigrel, Grand Rapids, conductor No. 5.
left leg broken and badly injured about
body; R. E. Gay, Detroit, brakeman,
head, body and right leg injured; Harry-
Marcus, New York City, president of
the E. H. Marcus Company, left leg
fractured and injured about shoulders;
K. B. Moon, Grand Rapids, fireman No.
3. injured about head and body; Mrs.
H. Event. Grand Rapids, injured inter
nr-lly: C. N. Botsford. Farmington,
Mich., mail clerk No. 6, badly cut about
head: Mrs. H. O. Gray. Grand Rapids,
badly bruised about head and hips; H.
o. Branch, Sunfield, Mich., badly in
jured about head and fchoulders; George
F. Crammon. Grand Rapids, injured
about head and legs and collarbone
broken: Andrew Sprague, Allegan, in
jured about head; Claud Brown, Grand
Rapids, lee broken; Mrs. H. R. Streeter,
Grand Lodge. Mich., arm broken; How
ard Minor, Grand Rapids, left arm
broken; W. J. Barber, Muskegan, Mich.,
injured about head and face; Rev.
.James Humphreys, pastor Church of
( hrist. Lansing, Mich., badly cut about
farp; Timothy Quayley, Grand Rapids,
seriously injured about back; J. T.
<:ould. Grand Rapids, badly cut about
hands and Fhoulders; John Ross, Lan
i-ins, injured about legs and arms;
Henry T. Boles, Grand Rapids, leg
badly Injured; Ada Kellar, Clarksville,
Mich., left leg injured.
The wreck is charged to the hi?h
wind, which extinguished the red sig
nal light in the '•order" board at Mc-
Cords Station, where the westbound
train was expected to stop and receive
orders. When train No." 5. bound west,
whizzed past McCords instead of step
ping, the frightened operator notified
the dispatcher and then found that his
red liKht had been extinguished. He re
ported this fact, and then there was
tut ore action to take. The collision
vras Inevitable. The dispatcher's office
called for medical aid and gave orders
to hold the train over the Saginaw
branch at the station and get the
wrecking outfit under ste.im. It then
waited for the word it knew must coir.e.
There was no chance of the fast run
ning trains to see each other through
the driving blizzard in time to even
'siow down, and in » few minutes word
come from the conductor of No. 5 that
they had clashed together, and that
there was an awful loss of life.
SMASHING OF LOCOMOTIVES.
The dead: Mr. and Mrs. L. J. Bald
win. Mulliken. Mich.; Louis Baldwin,
thrir son, Mulliken; Lester Williams,
Lansing. Mich.; Mrs. Daisy Giles, Low
oil, Mich.; Hurt Myers, Grandville or
Lake Odessa, Mich.; Walter Jordan,
<;rand Rapids; Joseph Hulm (colored),
Windsor. Ont.; Austin I. Wager, bag
gageman, Detroit; Charles A. Stoddard,
Detroit, engineer No. 6; Charles A. De
v ins. Grand Rapids; William Helmrich,
Detroit, bappaeman; F. M. Gillett, Burr
oak or Portland, Mich.; Allen H. Wells,
Big Rapids, Mich.; Frank W. Wieren
go. Grand Rapids; George Palmer, De
troit, American Express agent of No. 6;
"William Smith, Saranac, Mich.; four
unidentified men.
LIST OF INJURED.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Dec. 27.—
The death list to-night resulting from
th<? bead-on collision between two Pere
Marquette Railroad passenger trains
ii^ar East Paris yesterday evening
stands at twenty-two, with twenty
rrtno persons injured, several of them
probably fatally.
Dispatcher Sees Mistake, Tele
graphs Information Ahead
and Then in Mental Agony
Awaits Word of Calamity
"With the first of the year a number
of new schedules of both wages and
hours affecting different lines of union
•workmen will go Into effect, the agree
ments have been entered Into be
tween the unions and the employes
during the last few weeks. No trouble
will occur, as all of the changes have
been agreed to and signed by both
sides.
! The bartenders of Oakland object to
working seven days in the week, and
they assert that even a cocktail mixer;*
Is entitled to his day off after arduous' *
duty of fixing up mixed drinks to
tickle the masculine Oakland palate.
As a result, the saloon men have agreed
that each man shall have one day a
week off.
The sheet metal workers will ba
given an increase of 50 cents a day,
beginning in January.
The carpenters do not get an Increase
in wages, but they all will have a half
holiday on Saturday, as well as a com
plete holiday on Sunday.
The plumbers are to have BO cents
a day added to their wages after tha
1st of April.
The painters have demanded 50 cents
a day increase after March 1, bat thla
has been denied by the master paint
ers, and the matter is being negotiated.
The newly organized Carpenters*
Union of Fruitvale gave a dance last
evening at the new hall, at Fremont
avenue and East Fourteenth street.
On January 5 the following officers
of the new union will be installed:
President. C. A. Jeffers; vice presi
dent, J. Hegberd; recording secretary.
J. Norton; financial secretary, J.
Bundy; treasurer, "W. J. Mulrooney;
conductor, J. "Wilson; warden, "W. G.
Ellis; trustees. M. G. Everett, A. My
Kinne and J. T. Grismore; delegates^
to District Council of Carpenters, J.
Travis and J. Bundy.
Oakland Office San Franicsco Call,
111S Broadway, Dec. 27.
MANY PERSONS HAVE
MIRACULOUS ESCAPES
Bartenders Are to Have Pay
of Rest Each Week-Painters*
Demands Yet to Bo Adjusted
Killed Number Twenty-Two
and the Injured Twenty-Nine
in the Railroad Disaster on
the Pere Marquette Line
EASIER FOR CARPENTERS
Changes in Pay and Hours Will
Benefit Many Union Men and
Women in Alameda County
DEATH LIST
OF WRECK
IS GROWING
NEW SCHEDULES
FOR NEXT YEAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. DEGESiPER 28, 1003.
4Restaurant Help in Fight.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 27.— Despite the
fact that a jury summoned by the Cor
oner, composed of the leading business
men of the city, declared after the Cor
oner's inquest that the killing of Joseph
Choisser and his son Louis was a case
of justifiable homicide, Detectives Haw
ley, Murphy and Cowen, who did, the
shooting, will be criminally prosecuted
if , the relatives of the dead men can
induce the District Attorney to issue
criminal complaints.
To-day a telegram was received from
Illinois stating that an attorney had
been sent to Los Angeles for the pur
pose of assisting in the prosecution and
insisting that criminal complaints issue
against the officers.
Attorney Has Been Sent From Illinois
to Probe Choisser Shooting
in Los Angeles.
RELATIVES DEMAND
OFFICERS' PROSECUTION
Miss Gibbons' clans— First. Arthur McCor
mlek; second. Henry HInz., % ' ,_' „
, Miss Mitchell's class— First, 'Joseph Connell;
second, Joseph Cannon.
Miss Emma Sullivan's class— FIr»t, Henry
Flatcly; second, William Causdale.
' THIRD DIVISION.
Miss Connolly's class— First, Rudolph. Sreso
vlch: second.* B»rton Sprasue. . _y-
Miss Rattl*an's class— First, Charles Knight;
second. Walter Keller.
Mlsa Murphy's class— First, Andrew Kud-
B6 Mifs Landerron's class— First, Charles Sag
law: second. William Sullivan. -
Miss Brlckley's class— First. Harold Arm
strdne;- eecond. Harmon Skellon.
Miss White's class-First, Charles Kleln
berK - peoond. Allan- Simmons. .
Miss Thompson's class-First. Charles Ross:
"^FWnn-f cliS^FInt." Chester Ferruson;
second. Christopher Buckley and Graham Rob
inson. . F oURTH DIVISION.
Miss >uld's class— First, Stephen Guerln;
8e Sis n d'r LouU Jen
nI Sf, e ; S£y? X^st Harold Ke.ier:
"Mi^-oWcla^-Flrsi. Donald Drake; ««-
On M!sV h A/ e B i 1 rVy 0 " n cla Se -First. Jam*. Kane;
"muS" S o^ich' a s U ci ai «^Flr«t. 'Joseph Kirk;
second Kflwurd Haelierty.
Mls-^DowlinE's class— First. John Ahem:
"mu*' ' Turner' » class— First. Joseph Flarey;
"mP£ .V-Keenan'. 1 - class-First. Fred Her^
zey; second. Clifford Nolan. . _¦ '
Mirs Reidy's class-First. Walter Casey;
stcond. Andrew Hunterman.
- Sister Anne's class— First, Georjje Haas; sec
ond. L«o Cunningham. . _
Sister MuriVs class— First. Georg« Patter
son: second, Douglas Stanbels.
Sister ' Loyola's clsss — First, , Samuel Mark;
•er.ona. Edward Goodban.
NAPA. Dec. 27. — Eight carloads of
sixty-two-pound steel rails have ar
rived at the Napa depot. At first it
was suspected that they were for the
use of the new electric road between
Benicia, Vallejo and Napa. for which
eight carloads of ties have already ar
rived. It develops that the new rails
are for the Southern Pacific Company.
Considerable repairs will be made on
the Napa Valley branch of the rail
road. Lighter rails are being replaced
by new and heavier ones and other
changes are in prospect.
Railroad Will Improve Tracks.
Frank Sullivan will address the
California Outdoor Art League this
afterhon at 3 o'clock in the rooms of
the Sorosis 'Club, 1620 California
street. He has selected for- his sub
ject "The Parks of San Francisco."
and a cordial invitation is extended to
all those interested.
AVill Speak on City's Parks.
CHICO, Dec. 27.— The mysterious dis
appearance of a young man named
Leonard McNab, timekeeper on con
struction work of the Butte County
Railroad between Magalia and Love
lock, in this county, was reported here
to-day. McNab had been at work for
some days.
On the day before Christina's he went
on horseback to Magalia to cash a time
check and get his mall. Getting the
money, amounting to $30. and the mail,
he left for the camp. That night the
horse, riderless, appeared at the camp.
Search was immediately made for Mc-
Nab, but so -far with no success.
The locality is infested with thieves
and hold-up men and it Is feared that
he has been murdered for his money.
McNab recently came from Halifax, N.
9., where he has wealthy parents.
Knilroad Timekeeper Visits a
Town for Money and Mail
and Horse Returns Riderless
FRIENDS FEAR
HE WAS SLAIN
On^ral Fund— lncom». $14.S(U 35: expendl
lares. f 19.^35 90; assets. $12,422 05: liabilities.
Uidow* and Orphan Fund— Income. $10.
pr,.% .-:,; expenditure*. *63«» 17. a net Gain of
F38K *>¦: a«et». SH7.CCS fcl ; liabilities. $1**.
• ' •*" £1
Recapitulation— Income. $2.V«O 20: expendi
ture %HS.n\ 07 a loss of $30 S7; (added to
wbi«-b arc $35 writttn off members' accounts
and $S:iT> written off bonds. maJcfng the toia.1
'o"s t£f> »~K «*««• $1«0,030 SS; liabilities.
J1WJ.OJO 68.
During the year 29 members were
lost and IS gained, a net loss of 16.
At present the association has 699
members, of whom 599 are regular,
?9 life and 1 honorary.
> The following officers and trustees
have been elected for the ensuing
year: President. Charles Hirsch; vice
president, G. W. Arthur; treasurer,
Albert Meyer; secretary, Meyer M.
j^w; trustees — Simon Auspacher,
Herman Levy." Juda Vrooman. Henry
.Sinsheimer; Isaac Strassburger and
Sig. Schwabacher. -'_ '•
Aaron Cahn and Max Arraer have
been elected honorary members since
the foregoing report was framed. A
committee has been appointed to in
ve«5ticate and report on the advisabil
ity of organizing a federation of
In the annual report of the secre
tary of the Eureka Benevolent Asso
ciation, submitted at the annual meet
ing yesterday, there were interesting
facts and figures. Here are some of
them:
ation for Last Year Shows ,
Some Interesting Facts.
Report of Secretary of Eureka Associ-
PERSONAL.
Dr. E. B. Pickel of Medford, Or., Is
at the Palace.
Dr. Maximilian Herzog of Chicago Is
ai the Palace. . 'A\] :
Dr. T. H. Shorey and wife of Vallejo
are at the Grand.
H. A. Jaeger, a planter of Honolulu,
Is at the California.
James B. Treadwell, a mining man of
Ne%-ada City, is at the Lick.
Dr. C. R. Ray and family of Gold
Hill, New, are at the Palace.
E. L. Finley, a newspaper man of
Santa Rosa, is at the California^
George R. Stewart, a rancher of
Crows Landing, is at the Grand.
D. J. McFall, who is engaged in min
ing in Nevada County, is at the Grand
Rev. E. S. Muckley and family of
Honolulu arrived at the Occidental yes
terday.
A. L. Nichols, president of the Cham
ber of Commerce of Chico, Is at the
Palace. -~,'-^
Captain Mayer of Berlin, who has
been making a tour of the Orient, is. at
the Grand.
A. W. Canfield, an oil man of Santa
Barbara,* and wife registered at the
Grand yesterday.
Governor and Mrs. . Pardee arrived
yesterday from Sacramento and regis
tered at the Palace.
W. H. Bancroft, manager of the Ore
gon Short Line, arrived from the south
yesterday and is registered at the Pal
ace.
Judge *C. D. Gear of Honolulu was
among the passengers on yesterday's
steamer from the islands.
Aubury Robinson, a capitalist -of
Honolulu, arrived from the islands on
yesterday's steamer and is registered
at the Palace.
Frank H. Buck* the well-known fruit
grower of Vacaville, and hl3 family re
turned yesterday . from the Orient and
are registered at the Palace.
Dr. A. M. Gardner, former Superin
tendent of the State Hospital for the
Insane at Napa, left last Friday night
for Victoria, B. C, to give expert testi
mony In the Dunsmuir will contest.
F. M. Clough. gemeral manager; J. B.
Robinson, general superintendent and
chief engineer, and former State Sena
tor A. F. 'Jones, attorney for the Butte
County Railroad, arrived from the
north yesterday and are staying at the
Palace.
HEBREW BEXEVOLENCE
RESULTS IN MUCH GOOD
' Nelse Larsen. a sailor, met a woman
known as Mrs. West in a grocery at
Fifth and Mission streets on Saturday
night, and after having several drinks
with her she invited him to accompa
ny her to her room at 830 Folsom
street. When they got there Frank
West, with whom the woman lived,
came into the room, and while the
woman held Larsen's arms, West, it Is
alleged, went through his pockets, but
did not find any coin. Detectives Re
gan and O'Connell were notified of the
case, and they arrested West' and the
woman early yesterday morning and
booked them at the City Prison on
charges of assault to rob and vagran
cy. The woman gave her name as
Agnes Leylor.
Falls Into Evil Hands.
BURGLARS CARRY SAFE
HALF A MILE TO ROB IT
Six Hundred Dollars Obtained From
a Hotel Strong Box In Tnol
unine County.
CHINESE .CAMP. Dec. 27. — Ths
hotel of L. B. Sheaf, at Jacksonville,
four miles from this place, was en
tered by burglars last night. Entrance
was effected through a side window
and the doors were taken from their
hinges.
The safe, welching about 600
pounds, was carried to the rear of the
schoolhouse, about half a mile dis
tant, where giant pewder waa used In
blowing open the door. About {600
was secured. Officers were at the
scene early this morning and two sus
picious characters were arrested at
Big Oak Flat.
Second Warrant for an Agent.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 27. — A sec
ond warrant has been issued in tho
Justice Court at Randsburg for the
arrest of John D. Ackerman. the at
torney and agent of the Yellow Aster
Mining Company at San Francisco.
Under Sheriff Baker left last night to
serve it. The charge is the same as
in the former case, in which Acker
man was released on habeas corpus
proceedings before Judge Carroll
Cook, viz.. Importing laborers under
false pretenses in the mining district
at Randsburg.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 27.— An accident
on the bay this afternoon came near
ending the lives of two sailors from
the American bark Coloma. now in port
with a cargo of lumber. The men and
the mate had secured a sailboat, an«l
though there was hardly, a breath of
wind stirring they had succeeded in
overturning it. The_mate^ who could
swim, did so, and reached a landing
with apparently no thought save for
himself. The other two were left cling
ing to the bottom of tha overturned
boat. They were rescued after much
difficulty by Frank Grosskopff. Fred La
Fartuna and Thomas Norton of the^
Pinta. Later the mate was thrashed
by the men he had deserted..
Two Men Have a Narrow Escape
From Death by Drowning
in Son Diego Bay.
TACOMA, Dec. 27.— Because Santa
Claus* whiskers caught fire last night
the Christmas .entertainment of the
Union Sunday school at Oakville came
very near having a disastrous ending.
Edward O'Neill was chosen to imper
sonate Santa Claus. He wore long
white wool whiskers and his clothes
were covered with cotton to represent
snow. In some way the cotton became
ignited and instantly he was enveloped
in flames. He became frightened and
started -on a run for the door, to the cha
grin of the Sunday school children, who
thought that Santa Claus should be
proof against fire, inasmuch as he
spends most of his time going up and
down chimneys.
Several men near the door caught
O'Neill and pulled off the inflammable
material before he was badly burned.
Women were frightened, babies cried
and there was a small panic until the
fire was extinguished. A light dress
worn by one little girl caught fire, but
this was ouick&r extinguished.
SAILORS THRASH MATE
WHO DIDN'T RESCUE THEM
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Christmas Entertafiimfcnt at a
Sunday-School in a Washing
ton Town Almost Disastrous
Mrs. Ernestine Landbeck, the wo-
r man who attempted suicide by jump
ing into the bay from the rocks at
Lands End on Saturday, was dis
charged from the Central Emergency
Hospital yesterday morning.
The .woman left 'the hospital with
her'baby, boy, whom she had intended
drowning, and proceeded to her home.
Before leaving the hospital Mrs.
Landbeck informed the " matron that
she was sorry for her attempt at sui
cide.
• Mrs. Landbeck stated- I that she
i would press the suit for divorce she
had brought against her husband, Eu
gene Landbeck, for cruelty and that
she would try to make a living for
herself and her child.
Mrs. Landbeck was arrested some
days ago on a charge of insanity on
the complaint of her husband. She
was examined by Doctors McGettigan
and Ruthers and pronounced sane and
was ordered dismissed by Judge Mu
rasky.
Following her arrest by her hus
band. Mrs. Landbeck brooded over
her troubles and finally attempted
self-destruction.
Woman Who Attempted Suicide at
Lands End Leaves Hospital
With Her Child.
FIRE ENVELOPS
KRIS KRINGLE
CHICAGO. Dec. 27. — In reviewing
the year's work of the United Stateu
army in the Department of the Lakes,
Major General John C. Bates, com
mander-in-chief of this territorial
division, says that the character and
appearance of recruits is not up to the
standard as compared* with those of
former years, the number of unde
veloped youths being especially no
ticeable. According to the report the
"Baby Blue" facings for infantry is
unpopular and without exception is
opposed by all infantry officers and a
return to the white facings is univers
ally desired, as is also -the retention
of the officers* blue overcoats in lieu
of the new olive drab overcoat. The
general mess system In operation
throughout the department is declared
unsatisfactory and a return to com
pany mess system is recommended.
Major General Bates Makes Import
nnt'Recommendations Concern
ing Array Methods.
UNCLE SAM'S SOLDIERS
LIKE THE" OLD SYSTEM
Mi?s Josephine Hill. Mrs. H. A. Hobe.
Mrs.' J. M. Johnson.
And it is in honor of these, women
that Mrs. George Law Smith Inaugu
rated the charming custom of a fam
ily celebration, and if prognostications
point aright there will not be many dull
moments to-morrow.
Miss Ruth Comfort Mitchell has writ
ten a very clever little skit entitled
"When a Woman Will, She Will,"
which will be interpreted— isn't that a
dramatic term?— by Mrs. Arthur Corn
wall, Madame Tojetti. Miss Laura Mus
to, Mrs. Horace Coffin. Mrs. W. I.
Marion^ Mrs. Emll Pohli, Miss Emilie
Kalisher, Mrs. Schell, Miss Susanne
Patch and Mrs. Rodney Kcndrick.
It Is whispered that the play Is a sa
tire on— well, that will be better told
on Wednesday morning; but let no club
member absent herself lest she beat her
breast Jn grief orr the morrow.
On December 30 the ladies of the so
cial science department will entertain
the sufferers at the County Hospital.
Much that we owe the city's wards we
cannot give them now, but we can at
least bestow a little good cheer. A pipe
of tobacco and a dish of dainties are
thrice welcome to the palates of the
friendless poor. A programme has been
arranged of much merit, among the
singers being Miss Mabel Quatman, the
silver-voiced singer of St. Mary's.
Much credit for the kindly work is
due to Mrs. Jacob Brandt, Mrs. Arthur
Cornwall, Mrs. Scott, Mrs. E. C. Mon
son, Mrs. E. P. Avery, Mrs. Loron E.
Barnes, Mrs. Neilson, Mrs. W. I.
Marion and Miss Patton. Of this num
ber Mrs. Monson Is especially devoted
to the ¦ hospital work, carrying to the
sufferers all through the year delicacies
and such small comforts as the pain
racked body longs for.
Mrs. E. P. Avery has for her especial
care the County Jails. On Christmas
day the boys' vested choir visited the
Broadway jail and gladdened the
hearts of the unfortunate who were
passing Christmas behind prison bars.
Who shall say that women's clubs are
not lifting the shadows that darken
the hearts of men?
On Saturday afternoon the Associa
tion of University Alumnae met at the
Sorosls clubrooms for a Christmas
'greeting. Of this clever body of youns
women are graduates of twenty-throe
universities.
Mrs. Albertine Randall Wheelan, the
clever water colorist, was the guest
of honor at the luncheon. Captain
Robert H. Fletcher, curator of the
Hopkins Institute of Art, entertained
the members and guests by a delight
ful address on "The Progress of Art in
California." The president of the asso
ciation, Miss Katherine Chandler, has
Just issued a clever book upon the flora
of California, of which the club Is Just
ly proud.
Apropos to good resolutions, the fol
lowing table is made out for the club
woman who really wants to reform, to
wit:
1. I will try to be cheerful.
2. I will join the Boosters' section,
and Bhun the "Knocker."
3. I will discountenance mannishnes.s.
4. 1 will not talk about myself, my
servants or my household unduly.
5. I will try to cultivate tact.
6. I will try to concentrate my
thoughts, and to speak concisely when
addressing my clubmates.
7. I will try to be loyal to my club
president when she is doing her best—
for anjjels can do no more.
8. I will attend my committees on
time, and with a full report — God help-
Ing.me.
MRS. EUGENE LANDBECK
WILL SECURE DIVORCE
• A delightful "at home" was given by
Mr. and. Mrs. Suhrs last Tuesday at
.their residence at 1134 Buchanan street.
The event was the celebration of their
twentieth wedding anniversary. The
guests present were Mr. and Mrs.
Suhrs, Henry Suhrs, Miss Edna Suhrs,
Carl Suhrs, Mr. and Mrs. C. Luhrs. Mr.
and ' Mrs. A. Kriete, Mr. and Mrs. P.
Schivo, Mr. and Mrs. T. Leydecker, Mr.
and Mrs. H. Ebbinghausen, Mr. and
Mrs.' J. Otton, air. Dwyer, Mrs. H. Stel
ling, Mrs. C. Stelling, Mrs. B. Stelllngr,
Mrs. Frltchel, Mrs. Young, Mrs. Ehle,
Mrs. A. Luhrs, Mrs. von Autondorf,
Mrs. Carsten, Miss K. Horton, Mis3
EUa Knorre, Miss Anna Knorre, Miss
Alice Stelling, F. Stelling and C. Stel
ling. The evening was spent with
HOME PARTIES.
Among those present were the fol
lowing named: Frederick K/ Blue,
president; John E. Nelson, treasurer:
Miss Cara C. Jagger. secretary; Miss
May H. Snyder, Miss Georgia W.
Braun, Miss Cornelia B. Farrell, Mr.
C. R. Jackson, Miss Nina J. Cook, Mr.
Cliff B. Rushmer, , Mr. Harry Forsyth.
Mrs. Alice Rushmo^fc, Mr. J. G. Jones,
Mr. E. D. Eddy, Miss Dunn, Mr. J. W.
Fulton, Mr. Elmer -M. Epsteen. Mr. W.
W. Anderson, Mr. W. J. White, Miss
Baumgarten,^ Miss E. M. Hall. Mr.
Kemjj, Mr. H. R. Babb. Mr. Robert
Parker, Mr. A. C. • Wallace, Mr. H.
Dodge, Mr. J. S. Eaton, Mr. George W.
The last cotillon of the Romlta Danc
ins Club was held December 13 In Oc
cidental Hall, Supreme Court building,
and was an Oriental affair. The figures
of the german were very prettily
danced by each couple gracefully
manipulating a silken scarf of varied
hue. After, the . german refreshments
were served and dancing was resumed
until 11:30.
CLTT&r PARTIES.
William E. Wood and Miss Annie
Peacock were married on the evening
of December 12 at the residence of the
bride's parents at 312% San Jose ave
nue. None but the immediate relatives
of the couple were present at the cere
mony. Alfred Newman and -Miss Lou
Peacock attended the groom and the
bride respectively. The ceremony was
performed by the Rev. F. M. Larkln.
After, the wedding a pretty little supper
was served. Mr. and Mrs. Wood will
reside in the Western Addition.
WEDDINGS.
their parents and teachers, look for
ward ' with hopeful anticipation* from
the first preliminary hint of the holi
days, and It has never failed- to ¦ draw
a crowded house. The pupils themselves
make, up* a pretty big asemblage, and
when their fathers and mothers - and
sisters and brothers and other relatives
and well-wishers add their numerical
strength to the congregation there Is
sure ( to be a demand for even standing
room.
The jam in the spacious schoolroom
showed this yesterday afternoon, when
Archbishop Montgomery, assisted by a
number of priests and Sisters of Mercy,
began distributing the rewards ¦ of
merit. On the platform with the Arch
bishop were Fathers Prendergast,
O'Ryan, Dempsey and Hannigan and
several Sisters of the Holy Family, un
der whose management the school- has
attained such a large popularity. Sur
rounding them* were the prizes— great
stacks of books and pictures and boxes
of candy — and facing them sat ¦ the
teachers and pupils. . No effortjwas
made to preserve the Sunday-school at
mosphere or. to restrict the eager spirits
of the youngsters so long as> they did
not approach actual disorder.
DISTRIBUTING THE PRIZES.
The proceedings were opened with
a hymn, and then. the Archbishop and"
his aids took their respective positions
amid the wealth of gifts and began the
distribution. Superintendent A. D.
Kenniff was summoned to the , front
and given a picture so big that he
could hardly carry it away, and then
Chief Usher Gomez was made Jhe re
cipient of a chair so heavy 'that lie did
not attempt Its removal. Each of the
presentations was lustily applauded by
the children. Then the teachers .were
called up, one by ; one, and given a
handsome book, a box of candy and a
kindly 6mlle by the Archbishop, and
as each lady accepted the gift she was
tenedered a shrill ovation by her pupils.
After that the boys who had won prizes
— two of which were awarded to. each
class— went up to the platform empty
handed and walked away from it bear-
Ing each a picture or a book and a box
of candy. The girl pupils were simi
larly treated, the very little ones re
ceiving dolls instead of books, and then
every child in the chamber was given
a remembrance of some kind and the
Inevitable box of candy. *
The ceremony consumed about two
hours, and the Artfibishop, the priests
and the sisters seemed to enjoy It every
whit as much as did the children.
BRIGHT GIRLS. /
This is the list of prize-winners
among the girls:
FIRST DIVISION— BIBLE HISTORY.
Miss Dunkee's class — First priz», Angelo
Coyle; second prize. Marguerite Saglaw.
Miss Ahern's class — First, Mary ChriStol.
Miss Manlton's class— First, Gra&v Sullivan.
Miss Cabrero's class— First. Pauline Rlcli
lins: second, Genevieve -LorUln and Ixirftta
Gallagher.
Miss Rlva's class — First. Eileen Hennessey
and Eileen Ducgan; second, Agnes McGlnney
and Lillian Glenman.
Miss Brennan's class— First, Henrietta
Gross; recond Nellie Allison,
Miss (yDea'a class— First, Ltydla. Saglow;
second, Margaret Kelly.
Miss Brady's class— First. LoretU. Simmons.
SECOND DIVISION.
Miss Salazar's class — F;rst, Mary Noteman;
eecond, Irene Meehan.
Miss Rlaney's class — First,\ Maude Goodban;
second. Hose Clauss. '
Miss Powers' clajs— First, Evelyn Casey;
second, Rose Casey.-
MIes Stevens' class — First, Hazel Donnelly;
second. Abble Gould.
Miss Dri3eoH's class — First. Lizzie Gould;
•.econd, Sallle Dunn.
Mi&s Sullivan's class— FirEt. Margaret Taut
phaus; second, Isabella Warnock,
THIRD DIVISION.
- Miss Cabrero's class— First. Mary nionJan;
second. Irene Wynne.
MIks Agatha Cotter's class — First, Mary
Heron: second, Josephinp McCabe.
Miss Conway's class— First. Gertrude Geist
in«r; second. Blanche Tobln.
Miss Anna Cotter's ¦ class— First, Mary
WVlch* eeeond. Winnie McGoldrich.
Misa O'Connor's class— First. Mary Wanek;
second, Alice Oleajson.
MIes Dermody's class — First, Mary Heyne
man; second. Ethel Gaster.
Miss Holehan's class — First, Marie O'Brien;
second, Marjraret Gorman.
.Miss. McGcjBan's class— First, Marlon Rich
ards; second, Cora Thorpe.
FOURTH DIVISION.
Miss Lennon's class— FirstT~Bes8le O'Brien;
second. .Alice McGlnney. '.
Miss Davie'a class — First. Camllle Sresovlch;
second. Marie Vcrdier.
Miss Keenan's class — First, Louise Gonzales;
second Catherine Gormley.
Miss Horsran'g class— First, Geraldine-Hinz;
second. Marie Martinez. . . - ' ,
Miss Gallagher's class— First, Mae Bell; sec
ond. AUcp Henry.
SlsterMarle's class — First, Marion Warnock;
eecond, Frances Fltzcerald.
Miss Barry's class — First. Ursula Kelly; sec
ond. Alice Deblni. ,V
¦ Miss Gearon's class — First, Claire Deutch;
second. Cecil Treat.
Miss Madden's class— Fjrst. Bertha Andrle;
second Mary' Bourke.
Miss' Cabrero's oln«s — First, Genevieve Stack;
second, Eva Saslaw.
Miss Ryan's class — First. Lucy McDonald;
second Lizzie Trary. ,
Miss Cawley's class— First, Claire McGlnney:
second, Kleanor Dalloxv.
' Miss Beauehamp's class — First, Armadine
Verdl-r* second,' Ella Mcr>onaJd.. - P*e£sS£
Mis«uClancy> cUss— First, %>resa Nicholson;
secondy Irene Weldvi ¦.
Miss Casey's . class— First. Evelyn Taylor;
second Thelma Dutch.
Mis« Fesan's class — First, Irene Booth; tec
end, Irene McCulIoujh. ;¦-';• ¦.>.."
STUDIOUS BOYS.
.The boys who won prizes are:
' FIRST DIVISION.^ '&&!$££
' MrXMcKlnley's' class— First 'DrUe, George
Richards: second prize, Robert Byrne.
Miss McKinstry's ' class— First,' Howard -De
vino; - second, Euffene- Riordan.
.'MIkt Paul't> claSs — First. Byron ' Sresovich ;
second. Thomaa Coyle.
% Miss Reicher"« class— First. Richard Mont
gomery; Eecond, James Murray and Howard
Tobln. ¦¦/-•¦¦ •
Miss Reeve's class— First, John Foley. *
' Miss Stevenson's clais— First, William
Gou'.d; second, Edgar Sullivan. ¦,:.-;;,
~;-> SECOND DIVISION.
Miss "Ada -Sullivan'* class— First, Cyril
, Quill; eecond, James Riordan.
One of. the most interesting features
of the Christmas celebration at St.
Mary's Cathedral is the awarding of
prizes to the children of the Sunday
school who have won distinction- bj
their diligence at study and regularity
of attendance throughout the preceding
twelvemonth. It; is an event to which
about 600 little ones, to say nothing of
The engagement of Miss Hat tie Men
del and Fred Stelnhardt has been an
nounced. They will be at home Tues
day, December 29, from 2 to 5 p. m. at
1918 Pine street.
Mrs. Julia Marks of 1518 Mission
street announces the engagement of her
daughter/Ernestine Marks, to Adolph
Klein. ' ' ' *
ENGAGEMENTS.
Event Which Little Ones and
. Their Spiritual Tutors Look
Forward f To With Pleasure
PRETTY ANNUAL CUSTOM
Th«? following women had the affair
in hand: Miss Lucy Adams, president;
Reminiscences were related by many
of the doughty argonauts, and much
(raj said that was fraught with histor
ical importance. Happily, steps are be
knfr taken now to gather all such data
*from living members as is possible, for
with the passing of these men will pass
the star performers in many scenes of
a great drama.
Long may they live!
That was a radiantly rood time the
Pioneer Daughters had last week, when
they entertained their pioneer fathers
under their own hospitable rooftree.
Thp odor of the pine boughs whispered
of the Christmases In the long ago,
•when the mothers of these maids were
youncr and fair, even as they are: when
the Christmas board was prodigal that
bore enough beans, bacon, hardtack and
roffec for every rnan in camp. And of
puch fare did the Pioneers partake at
the hands of the Daughters on Monday,
ard right heartMy was it enjoyed, too.
little else than the memory of them
left." "But, Bister, dear," speaks up
the Balance Wheel of the Boosters,
"bear In mind that the resolutions you
. made in good faith, even though shat
tered later, have left their impression
upon your souL Every recognition of a
fault, which necessarily precedes a cor
rective resolution, leaves Its indelible
J«iamp in the molding of your character.
Resolve again this year and, falling,
try it again, not only on New Year's
day, but ever}' day and every week of
the year. For that Is the road that
shall lead us to the highest develop
ment." By the time the good sister had
reached her finale the tea committee
had won. But the seeds had fallen upon
fertile soil, for a few choice resolutions
were bullded right on the spot. It Is
a truth that thoughts giv© birth to
nets, acts crystallize into habits, and it
is habits that form the character, the
Furn total of what we are.
late sigh," say I. "Well, last year I
put up a splendid assortment of choice
resolutions, sealed them with fine de
termination, but— alas! alaB'. they soon
were a sadly damaged lot, and little by
little they evaporated, until now I have
Alas ar.d alack! '"So the hour is al
most at hand that resolutions must be
made anew and our 'innards' looked
Into," sighed a devoted member of the
Boosters' Club. "Why that disconso-
God rest ye, merr:<? gentlemen" — ,
or its Yankee equivalent has runs its
rotund melody throughoutthe land, and
in clubdom, even in serious, solemn and
Philanthropic clubdom, the merry
strain strays forth. And the wassail
bowl is flowing and latch string hangs
without. "Wassail"? Is not that which
sparkles bubblingly in Christmas bowls
called -wassail"? Then wassail it is—
even though the worm and the still
never touched it with their blighting
breath. However, 'tis said, and by no
calumniator, that the Forum Club, ever
dignified and decorous as becomes a
club cf sensible women, will place its
hospitality on a firm feminine basis by
serving eggnog— the real thing that
vthe Bohemian bon vjvants are wont to
with. What day? On Wednes
day next, and a merry round of tales
is on the tapis. Strictly a family af
fair, the allurements of eggnog and
•Ftory will gather together beneath the
mistletoe bough every able-bodied Fo
rum member.
A charming hostess is Mrs. Henry
Payot and a happy family is sure to
father round the yuletree.
Archbishop Montgomery Gives
. Prizes to Sunday-School Pu
pils • and Gifts ; to Teachers
The California Club celebrates
Founders' day to-morrow, when the
members will gather together after the
manner of a big family — and no guesta
—to properly commemorate the birth
of the city's first civic club. The
auspicious date was December 27, 1897,
and It will thus be seen that the club
is seven years old. A lusty big club
for seven years!
The names of the women who have
the honor to go down to posterity as
progenitors of the club follow: •
Dr. Jane Bowen, Mrs. Alice Ludlam,
Dr. Amy Bowen, Mrs. Clara Long. Mrs.
Tilden Brown. Mrs. J. B. Mitchell. Mrs.
C. C. Burr, Mrs. J. C. Orr, Mrs. A. R.
Cotton, Miss Sarah F. Donnelly (de
ceased), Mies C. E. Provost, Mrs. J. J.
Scoville, Miss Berenice Scoville,
Miss M. ' Louise Donnelly, Miss
Mary Donnelly, Mrs. Austin Sperry,
Mrs. Alanson Swain, Mrs. May
GUlam, Mrs. Hadwin Swain, Mrs.
John F. Swift, Mrs. Helen T.
Townshend, Mrs. Lovell White, Mrs.
L. A. Hayward, Miss Elizabeth Hill.
• • •
The bell has been located and the
Jeague will probably take steps to re
cover It. Another, dated 1812, has been
traced to an abandoned schoolhouse at
Watsonville. Is American sentiment
still a living thing?
Another relic has been located— one
that should Interest every lover of
California— the baptismal font of
Father Junlpero (Serra) of sainted
memory. It stood for over half a cen
tury in a stone recess at Carmel, but
one day there wandered Into the sanc
tuary a sightseer in the person of the
then Secretary" of State. Without any
hesitation but that caused by the re
sistance of the cement, he wrenched
the font loose and caused it to be
carted off. It finally degenerated into
a flowerpot In the long-reaching Secre
tary's back yard and is now In Santa
Cruz fulfilling a similarly fitting career.
The huge, double-lidded copper bap
tismal font of San Antonio was van
dalized in much the same manner, but
Is now in safe hands. Likewise many
of the musical instruments, vestments,
etc., have been traced. The Macondray
family have held possession of some
vestments since the despoliation of the
mission in 18S2, and await the restora
tion of the beautiful structure to re
turn the vestments to their proper
places..
Mrs. AUce Morse. Mrs. J. J. Donnolly.
Mrs. Ernest Leigh. Mrs. Sydney Palmer
and Miss Eliza D. Keith.
The California Landmarks League
has made some interesting discoveries
In the line of the prehensile proclivities
of the species of man known as the
"vandal."'
The league has Just completed re
building the five foot thick walls of the
beautiful olfi Mission of San Antonio de
Padua, in Monterey County, and had,
before Interfered with by the, rain, re
built the roof, thirty feet of which is
completed, while the rest had to be pro
tected by sheathing until spring.
That done, the league has been cast
ing about for the furnishings of the
sanctuary that is older by four years
than our nation, but that is the lesser
of the claims it has upon our loves.
The doors, big, hand carved affairs of
cedar, had been carted off by an emi
nently respectable woman to adorn her
home in this city. And so they wouldn't
be lonely in exile, she tore off several
rings from the altar rail, while a less
strenuous companion bore oft a bell — a
blessed old copper bell that long had
swung from an oak tree, calling' the In
dians to matin hymns and to vespers.
BV LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
The pupils of Mrs. McDermott of 210
San Jose avenue took part in a musi
cale given at their teacher's house on
the afternoon of December 19. The fol
lowing programme was rendered: Duet,
"Don Giovanni." Louise Crim and
Mrs. McDermott: selection. "II Trova
tore." Lettie Belt: mermaid's song.
""Oberon." Marian Mosebach; march.
"Lucia dl Lammermoor." Ada Belton;
selection. "Daughter of the Regiment."
Hazel King: selection. "Bohemian
Girl," Gladyce Hartley: "Dear Little
Buttercup" ("Pinafore"). Louis McDer
mott; waltz from "La TravJata." Frank
Belt; selection, "William Tell." Lillle
Mosebach; selection, "Martha." Irene
McDermott; melody, "Lucretla Bor
gia;" Louise Crim: waltz song from
"Faust," Elizabeth McDermott; march
from "Norma." Mary P. Bolt: "I
Dreamt I Dwelt In Marble Halls" ("Bo
hemian Girl"). Hennlg Berg; march
from "Der Freischutz," Harry Bos
hardt; air from "Magic Flute" (Mo
zart), Blanche Brooks and Mrs. McDf»
mott.
games, and a dinner was served both
afternoon and evening. The house was
beautifully decorated.
HAPPY CHILDREN
AT ST. MARY'S
Those Who Help to Make Life Merry With Ball and Home Func
tion Seem Busy at Family Reunions or Making Good Resolu
tions to Sustain Them for the Next Twelve Months.
- The waning of the old year has
brought a slight lull in the social whirl.
The, gay folk are lending their pres
ence at family reunions or puzzling
their brains doing their accounts, or
perhaps drawing up new resolutions.
Not until the blare of trumpets, and
the clang of bells usher In the new year,
will the social world take on Us wonted
liveliness. . . . '
Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Herrman of Port
land. Or., are the guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Rosenblatt, 1311 Pacific ave
nue.
Among the young ladies who will
make their debuts into San Francisco
society in the near fuVure is Miss Cora
Rlnckel of Sisson. Cal, Miss Rincki»l
comes of a prominent family in tha
northern part of the State.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Fickenscher en
tertained a number of friends last week
at their home on Bush street. The
guest of honor was Natorp Blumenfeld,
who has recently Joined San Francisco
musical circles. An excellent little pro
gramme of music was rendered.
• • •
A. D. L. Payne and wife of Sacra
mento County are in the city spending;
the holidays.
* Mr. and Mrs. SIgfried K. Herzogrhare
moved into their new home on Fifth
and Dehlery streets, San Rafael. They
will be at home on the afternoon of
Sunday, January i.
Mrs. M. R. Fleischman and her moth
er. Mrs. Jennie Coleman. have moved
to their new home, 627 Clayton street,
and will be at home the first Tuesday of
the month.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Seidkin will be pleased
to receive their friends at their new
"home. 3917 California street, on New
Tear's day.
Miss Nanette R<hss. whose engng*
rnent to Henry Morpenthau has been
announced, will receive at her home,
1516 Post street, on Friday, January 1,
and Tuesday, January 5.
PERSONALS.
Drew. Mr. S. Clement, Mr. Lawrence
Boomer, Miss Bertha Annand; Mr. R.
B. Knox, Mies Lottie E. Faber, Mr. V.
E. Holland. Miss J. Fried. Hiss M.
Fried. Mr. A. P. Tarleton, Mr. H. L.
Anger. Miss G. H. Hosmer, Mr. Charles
Bradford. Mr. C. F. Reeves, Mr. Harry
C. Jagger, Mr. Marselk, Mr. J. Lose
kaun. Mr. Benne. Miss A. Griffin, >*•»
Wagner, Mr. J. D. Richard3on.
Puritanical Fancies Vanish Before Allurements of Eggnog and Forum
Members Look Forward to Function at Which Glasses Will
Clink Through Merry Round of Tales.
SEASON'S DEMANDS STILL OCCASION ACTIVITY IN WOMEN'S CLUBS.
WANING OF OLD YEAR CAUSES LULL IN GAYETY OF SOCIAL WORLD
~THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY^ DECEMBER 2$. 1903.
HONOLULU. Dec. 21. — Governor Carter has
appointed John C. I<ane a member of the Ter
ritorial Board of Health.
HONOLULU, Dec. 21. — On h-r last trip
here the steamer Ventura losi overboard Joseph
Fennel, one of her cooks. He Is supposed to
have jumped overboard with suicidal Intent.
\ . ¦
California Calendars and Diaries.
Good for New Year's. Sanborn. Vail
& Co. - *
HONOLULU. Dec. 21.— The Kapiolan! estate
has received from a 1/onrton capitalist an offer
of $200«"«» for the Waikiki residence of Princes
r»«vM kawananakoa and Kuhio Kalananaole.
thP Delegate to Congress. The place is not for
Maud Day Caine. who recently met
•with pronounced success in the East
\-~ a vocalist, has returned to this city
nn a vteit to relatives. In N>w 1 ork
City and Boston Miss •Cain'? xvas given
nattering prc£S notices and she was
the recipient of considerable social at
tention.
Maud Day Caine Returns.
VICTORIA. B. C. Dec. 27. — The
steamers Shinano Maru and Oanfa.
which arrived "to-day with about 300
Chinese, brought the last of the influx
into Canada, prior to the increased
taxation on Chinese, being effective.
On January 1 the poll tax will be
raised from $100 to $500. which will.
It is believed, result in .the exclusion
of Chinese. The liners Tiow en route
are bringing nojCJhinese.
• Tax on Chinese to Be Higher.
Natalo Obertello, employed as a
vegetable man at JohnEon's restaurant
on Market street, was taken to the
Central Emergency Hospital jester*
day morning: to be treated for a num
b-r of Erased and lacerated wounds
on his head, hands and arms. Ober
tello claimed that he had a quarrel
with a cook employed at the restau
rant and that his opponent beat him
severely.
5
[puce your oroebs early \
!j lE 20thCENTURY|
1 COOK BOOK I
Another shipment will
arrive about January 21,
1904. \
; In order to satisfy the
demand for this premium -
we have ordered another
carload of these books.
ami air persons sending to
The Cook Book Depart-
ment of this paper a six
months' subscription to
The Daily and SnnrLny ',
Call ma j seenre one of the
Twentieth Century Cook
.Books at the premium
rate of 50c.
| Oai-of-hwii subscribers shctfd reati I
S 20s sdifHioaaf to prepay irassporiailoa |
\ chirgw. ¦ |Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 10U. •
Townsend's California fclace fruits ajti
candtrs. 50c a pound, in artistic f<Sk
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 713 Market st.. above Call hldg. •
Secretary Mpody is authority for the assertion that
we are building our fighting ships very rapidly, and
need consequently a corresponding celerity in the
manufacture of armor. Perhaps if we built the boats
more slowly we would take fewer chances of making
life" 'on board of* them so distressingly uncertain.
WHEN the padres, came to California they
brought with them the seeds- of fruits that
thrived in sunny* Spain. To them is due the
discovery of the' fact that the olive, tjie orange and the
grape would thrive on California soil. -In later days,
when the Americans arrived, they profited by the ex
ample of the sage friars. The great citrus and decidu
ous fruit crops, in their agreeable variety, is the result.
Triplicate mirrors, standing mirrors
and toilet sets, beautiful and inexpensive
New Year's presents. . Sanborn. Vail
& Co. •
THE HOME OF THE APPLE.
• "—
The Mayor of Boston has emphatically refused a
request to permit a poultry exhibition in Faneuil Hall.
The Mayor is evidently of the opinion that there is? a
place for everything and everything should be in its
place, and that there are places without number outside
of Faneuil Hall for the proper exhibition of old hens.
The Mayor is eminently right/
Those unfortunate ones who are daily
at the mercy of the' lordly waiter can
not fail to read the following sugges
tions of W. H. Brainerd in Leslie's
Weekly with interest. Says Mr. Brain
erd:
"On several occasions I have seen
diners take up the tip they have offered
a waiter, who has made manifest dis
pleasure at its smallness, and replace
it in iheirt pockets. There should be. it
seems to me, and I may add to many
other persons who have to eat regu
larly in restaurants; a regulation of
'tips.* The practice is here to stay and
should be regulated by the hotel men
and restaurant proprietors. There
Wanted— Relief.
The arch conspirators of the ship-building 'trust are
greatly incensed at the publication of their letters,
which condemn ~ them before court and public as con
scienceless rascals in high station. How fortunate it
isto the seekers after criminals that these specu!_ting
scoundrels forgot the admonition never to write a letter
and never to destroy one.
TENANCY— R., Dimond, Cal. .'A
month to month tenancy may be ter
minated by the landlord at any time
on giving the tenant a month's notice
of desire to terminate the same. Th-»
landlord, if he desire to change the
terms of the rent, must give the tenant
at least fifteen days' notice of intention
to do so, the change of terms to take
etfect at the end of the month for
which the premises were rented. Un
der the law the tenant must comply
with the new conditions or vacate sit
the end of the month. If premises an?
'not habitable, as. for instance, leaky
roof, and the landlord after due notice
to repair the same does not do so, th«
tenant may have repairs made to an
amount not exceeding the amount of a
month's rent and deduct the same from
the rent.
Before leaving the scene of his administrative tri
umphs in the Philippines Governor Taft pardoned many
offenders who had made life uncomfortable and unneces
sarily precarious for the American dispensers of law
and order. This is hardly a wise precedent to estab
lish. Our Filipino fellow citizens may learn to honor
administrations in the shortness of their duration and
in' the hope of frequent pardon for frequent offense.
A fatal injury by a swordflsh is re
ported from Sierra Leorife. . Some fish
ers were returning to Narborn, and one
sat > on the gunwale of the boat. Sud
denly there was a disturbance of the
water and the man fell into the bottom
of the boat, crying that he was wound
ed. They found that he had been
struck in the back by the serrated snout
of a swordflsh, for the point of the
sword was left in the wound. The body
of the man in fact was ' pierced
through and through. A doctor re
moved the broken saw, which was
about fourteen centimeters long, but the
patient expired afterwards. The fisher
men cannot recall a similar case in that
country.— London Globe.
'Assailed by Szvordfish.
RAILROAD TICKET— L. A. W.. Hay
wards. Cal. A railroad ticket, if limit
ed, must be used within the time HmR
or it becomes void. There is no law 1 1
prevent a passenger from offering sutV
a ticket after the expiration of the
time limit, but it would be like offering,
a piece of blank paper— the conductor
would not only not recognize it, but
would require the passenger to pay fare.
VALUE OF DIMES— Mrs. C. H. O.,
Napa, Cal. This department does not
publish the value of dimes or any oth
er coins. Questions of that character
must be accompanied with self-ad
dressed and stamped envelope for reply
by. mail.
TWO ADDRESSES— A Subscriber,
Sebastopol, Cal. The address of Andrew
Carnegie is 51 West Fifty-first street.
New York City. That of Mrs. Phoebe.
He"arst is La Hacienda del Pozo de
Verona, Pleasanton, Alameda County,
Cal.
Dost thou remember the days that for
ever
Are unforgotten. the days gone by?
Canst thou not see them where, over the
MT)RC£I
Of time, in the sunlight, they dreaming
lie? -J.
Bright in that dreamland their still
enchantment
Sleeps like a ray from the rift of. a
cloud, ,
A garden of sunshine unbosomed, whose
radiance
Gleams 'mid the gloom of the gathering
shroud.
Which, far as the eye in its vision may
wander. ..-
Stretcheaaway to the shadowy shore.
That gathers about in its dim enfoldlngs
The wide unknown and the never more.
— Westminster Gazette.
Retrospect.
OLD QUARTERS— Devoted Reader.
City. If this correspondent will send a
self -addressed and stamped envelope a
list of the American quarters that com
mand a premium will be forwarded.
r Anszvers to Queries.
It was the morning after Christmas.
The children of a prominent merchant
who resides in the Western Addition
were sitting about the large open fire
place around which the night before,
hopeful and expectant, they had hung
their'stockings. The stockings were now
on the floor, while strewed all about
the room was ample evidence that
Santa Claus had not overlooked the
little ones.
The youngest one of the four children,
a little girl, barely twp years of age, sat
a little apart from her brothers and
sisters. Her lap was full of toys and
the pretty little things that^go far to
make glad the heart of a child. But
she did not seem to be as joyful as the
others. Her little brow was puckered
and she seemed to be in deep thought.
Finally her father noticed her lack of
cheerfulness and picked her up in his
arms. "What's the matter with my
little pet?" he asked her. "Aren't you
satisfied with what Santy brought
you?"
"Yes. papa," the little one replied. "I
was jest wondering why we don't wear
stockin' on our handses."
'A Puzzled Child.
It is a significant indication of th«
present condition of hard times in the
theatrical world that in New York
alone 3,000 actors are without employ
ment, and that SOO companies have «iia
banded for the season. An Interesting
article by W. W. Harrison on this un
usual situation is published in the cur
rent Harper's Week*ly. It seems that
art and rubbish have suffered together;
neither Shakespeare, with one of our
most popular actors in the cast, nor
the kind of farces and musical come
dies which have usually appealed to the
publio, have met with success. It is
said that the receipts for one night's \ >
performance of "A Midsummer Night's^
Dream"," with Nat Goodwin as Bottom,
ran as low as $7.00. "The fact is," con
cludes Mr. Harrison, "that people are
not in a theater mood, and that the
plays which are called triumphs this
year are playing to only small houses.
Nowadays to pay expenses is a matta*
of congratulation."
Theatrical Hard Times.
Taken as a whole the" official statements with the ac
companying statistics make a striking showing of the
rapidly increasing wealth of the district. It is now cer
tain that it is to be something more than a mining and
fur hunting country. It contains the material for sup
porting a large population, and experience has shown
that the climate is by no means too severe for' the estab
lishment there of a high degree of comfort accompanied
by all the accessories of modern civilization.
ernor's 'annual report."
GOVERNOR BRADY'S report on the affairs of
Alaska consists almost wholly of a vigorous de
mand upon the Government for a b.etter treat
ment of the district in every department of govern
mental; work from transportation to the erection of the
district into a self-governing State without compelling if
to pass through a probationary condition as a Territory.
The report is, in fact, a good boom document for the
district, while at the same time it conforms strictly
enough to the common form of official reports.
All along the line Governor Brady sees our Govern
ment neglecting in Alaska interests which the Canadians
are promptly and liberally fostering in their Yukon ter
ritory. The difference between the two Governments is
strikingly shown in the matter of providing transporta
tion, for while the Canadians are undertaking vast works
to open up the Yukon and connect it with the ocean,
very little has been done to provide transportation in
Alaska. Fortunately private enterprise on the American
side is doing much to provide railways in some portion
of the district, for were it otherwise we would hardly
be able to make any showing at all to o."set the big en
terprises which' Canada has under way to bring the
whole Yukon into close relation with the rest of the
Dominion.
Another notable point of difference between American
neglect and Canadian care is pointed out by. the Gov
ernor in reviewing the outlook for mining. He says:
"If a stranger comes into the country seeking informa
tion he cannot be directed to any Government office
where he can obtain accurate and reliable information
on the mining enterprises in this district, but if he should
stop at Victoria, British Columbia, and make the same
kind of inquiry, he would be directed to the office of the
Minister of Mines, where he could learn every important
fact concerning any kind of mining in any district of the
Province."
The Governor himself does not undertake to give, a
complete review of the mining industry of the district,
but contents himself with saying: "From the length and
breadth of the land, from Ketchican through to Cold
foot, beyond the Arctic circle and down to Nome, come
encouraging reports. Capital is coming in from various
States and we hear of a Georgia, Minnesota, Indiana,
Tennessee. Pennsylvania and Ohio company. It is not
possible any longer to give an adequate and true de
scription of development of this industry in the Gov-
AN AGGRESSIVE ALASKA.
With a warning "Bhsh" he walked
over to the corner of the operating
room at the Central Emergency Hos
pital on Christmas day. He stood for
a moment, and then with head thrown
backward and arms stretched above
his head, he leaped into the air. He
came down on all fours, rose to his
feet, and then with arms raised
again and his head bent backward to
an amazing degree, he ran to the other
corner of the room and again jumped
ceiling-ward. Again he fell, and then
once more, in -a different corner he re
peated the jump.
"What chumps you fellows are." he
said to the steward and the doctor as
he regained his feet, "to keep these tur
keys here when you can get forty cents
a pound for them. What will you take
for these \ three?"
"One dollar apiece," answered the
steward. "Come in here and I'll wrap
them up for you," he continued, leading
the man into the D. T. ward.
Cheap Turkeys.
A lingering suspicion has found late expression in
the wise men who direct the destinies of China that if
Russia and Japan go to war .the Flowery Kingdom will
suffer whoever wins the wreath of triumph. The
statesmen of Peking should calm themselves. They
have only just found out what all the rest of us have
known for a long time. To a man doomed to death a
reprieve should be some consolation.
The canal connecting the Bay of
Cronstadt with St. Petersburg is a
work of great strategic and commercing
importance to Russia. The canal and
sailing course in the bay are abonf.
sixteen miles long, the canal prop.^*
being about six miles and the bay
channel about ten miles, and they to
gether extend from Cronstadt, on tho
Gulf of Finland, to St. Petersburg.
The next of the great 3hip canals con
necting bodies of salt water in the or
der of date of construction is the Cor
inth Canal, which connects the Gulf of
Corinth with the Gulf of Aegina. Tho
canal reduces the distance from Adri
atic ports about 175 miles, and from
Mediterranean ports about 100 mil<-3.
Its length is about four miles. — Har
per's Weekly.
The Suez Canal is usually considered
the most important example of ship
canals, though the number of vessels
passing through it annually does not
equal that passing through the canals
connecting Lake Superior with tlu»
chain of the Great Lakes at the south.
In length, however, it exceeds any «»C
the other great ship canals, its total
length being ninety miles, of which
about two-thirds is through shallow
lakes.
About Canals.
A thousand other things bring on
quarrels, and sometimes they just seem
to come on of tnemselves.
It would be sublime if people never
did quarrel; but they do— and therefore
it is a matter of the gravest importance
that they should know how to "make
up" afterward. No quarrel is ever
rightly "made up" without downright
confession and whole-hearted forgive
ness. They are "patched up," but not
"made up." The wound is hidden, but
not healed — unless the offender gets
down on his marrow bones, and the of
fended one bestows a gracious pardon.
It is psychologically impossible for it to
be otherwise. You might as well try to
heal a sword gash without bringing the
edges together: or solder lead pipes
without rosin. God has ordained and
decreed it to be as it is, and quarrels
that are not settled by confession and
pardon ieave the barb of the arrow,
even if the «»haft is drawn. This fact
is Rot understood or else U is ignored,
and the result is bitternes?, agony and
oftentimes divorce.
The confession of a wrong is a neces
sity, both to the soul that perpetrates
it and to the one which is its victim.
You may wish it was not so. People
wish they could escape toothache with
out filling or extraction, but nature has
billed it otherwise. No wrongdoer ever
feels a true self-respect without con
fession. He realizes that he ought to
admit his error and that nothing but
obstinacy restrains him. It is ignomin
ious and cowardly not to do it. and he is
ashamed of himself. This mortification
must be repressed in order to his men
tal rest, and so he puts on a bold front
and bluffs it down, an act which stimu
lates his egotism and hardens his heart.
He becomes proud, cold and brutaL All
his finer feelings die.
Confession is also a necessity for the
injured one. We are so made that in
jury hurts. The soul suffers as the
body does. Pain is the fundamental
element in self-preservation: If it did
rot hurt to be insulted and wronged
r.e should become the passive victims
of injustice and wrong. It does hurt,
and this hurt has but a single healing
lotion. We dream of relief through
revenge, but it is only a dream. Re
venge embitters and hardens. There is
only one balm, and that is the ac
knowledgment of the wrong by the one
v.ho his inflicted the wound. Nothing
Is more myFierious and wonderful than
the curative power of confession. It
6oothes the pain and draws the poison
from the sere. It is water on fire and
oil on water.
But forgiveness is as imperative a ne
cessity as "confession." it is passing
ctrange. but ¦ It is unequivocally true
that a cuarrd cannot be made up
without a free pardon. The heart that
hae been hurt can be relieved and
restored to its. original state of good
will only when that divine sentiment
has exeded. as gums exude from
v.ounded trees. The bitterness is
drained cut by the act of pardon. If
you refuse to forgive you will feel un
worthy and be unhappy. And as for
the one who has acknowledged the
feult. nothing is more certain than that
he will be exasperated by your not for
tUxfng him. It is humiliating enough to
confess, but it is maddening not to be
forgiven. And yet in *pite of this psy
chological law some people pride them
selves in being vindictive. "We forgive
but we never forget," they say— too
stupid to perceive the contradiction. To
forgive is to fc-rget. The soul that
freely pardons gradually) loses the
memory <or at least the painful mem
ory) of the wound.
, This /spiritual "confession and par
don" is the most beautiful phenomenon
In nature. It is the cure for all men
tal unhappiness. Hearts capable of
performing these two sublime acts will
lave forever. The. deepest and . sweet
est experiences of their lives will be
"making up" thvir quarrels. Just as
divided ol<:ctric currents reunite when
passing through two poles of a battery,
their love will mingle through confes
sion and pardon. And so when you and
John read this article by the fireside
open your hearts to each other. Con
fess the sin, forgive the wrcms and
Worry bring? <m quarrels. If John
has a note coming due, or has just re
ceived a bill which he had forgotten all
about, or has had a strike on in his
mill, he hardly know? the difference be
tween a ki«s and a cuff. So don't
worry.
I have heard married folks affirm with
great solemnity. "We have never had a
quarrel." But. I always wonder if they
do not mean a 'fight." That is easy
rnough, of course; but a "quarrel!"
How in the world can two people with
any fore* of character and any Ftrong
convictions about life get along for a
quarter of a cntury or more without
some sort of clp.sh that produces es
trangement ar.d altercation? They
sorely mupt ha angels — or rabbits!
Fatigue brings on quarrels. So don't
set overtired unless you have to. The
whole world looks so dark to a woman
when she has washed and ironed and
bakcd.'all in the same day. Every bone
in h*>r body aches. There Is a numb
ness in the ba?e of her bra<n. Her head
throbs. The slightest noise goes
through her nerves like the firing of a
cannon. Poor old Jobn! If he happens
to forget the oysters to-nieht he is lia
ble to hear from it. For Mary isn't
herself.
nr cwaru:s Frederick cost=. i>.o.
[Authnr of "Th* n«vlemptio:i of Da\M<! Corson.
•The Loom of lAfe." StJc-1
Opyrieht. 19rrt, by Joppj.h F». Howies.
Training Husbands.
might be some feeling shown by these
caterers for the reason that none would
care to be classed second. But there
should be a way out of it, and ther*»
should be at the bottom of the bill oT
fare the words, "Tips must not exceed
10 cents,' or '25 cents,' as the caaa
might be. Perhaps such places as have
menu cards would not be willing to
have their places cheapened by so
small a tip as 10 or 25 cents. For *uch
places a higher scale could be arranged.
Certainly, there should bp some rem
edy for the protection of the man who
has to live in restaurants, and th»
casual frequenter as well."
But most men "Tfre gentlemen, if
treated as such. If a woman is uni
formly courteous to a man, he is—un
less under all his polish, of the stuff
of which beasts are made — usually cour
teous to her. This being true, she will
overlook his occasional lapses into ir
ritability, and meet them with the
silence that is golden. Not with a sulky
silence, but with the gentle quiet that
se-ems to throw a mantle of charity
over his ill humor and condone it be
cause it is such an unusual thing.
Then, when oportunity offers, in other
words, when her husband pauses in
his complaints, she will cheerfully talk
of something else and distract his at
tention from the point at issue.
But suppose he is at heart the beast
above suggested. Only one course re
mains. When wifely tact, love and
pleading, followed by judicious silence,
have availed naught, let the wife sys
tematically set about learning not to
care.
I see the. shudder of shocked dismay
with which the model matron meets
this suggestion. But I still maintain
my stand. When a wife has done her
duty toward her husband— failing in
nothing that can make him happy and
comfortable— and he still treats her
brutally, complains continually, is per
versely unjust to her and eternally
nags at her. let her summon all her
tact to avoid occasions for "the enemy
to blaspheme," continue to do her duty
and then gather up what is left of her
life. There is something in life besides
a husband and a husband's approval.
First, and above all else with which
God blesses women, there are the chil
dren. Let our disappointed wife live for
them' and in them. Let her allow the
side of her heart wijh which she would
grieve over her husband's injustice be
so full of that which is worth all of life
that she cannot take time to brood over
her great sorrow. She still owes the
man her duty, her fidelity and, if she
be a good woman, she will pay what
she owes to the uttermost farthing, but
let her not cast her pearls of love»and
feeling before swine, or waste her
heart's blood upon that which proflteth
not. She may be one with her boys and
girls, she may read, study, enjoy her
friends, keep her sympathies fresh, re
joice with the j6yful, grieve with the
sorrowing.
Can she be happy? That depends
upon the woman. If she begone of the
women of w^om the Irishman spoke as
"three-halves mother'^ she will be al
most content. The part of her that
longs for husbandly symrathy, for the
ideal understanding that may and does
exist in some lives, will go to her grave
hungering. Many widows know the
same longing, the same heart-hunger.
To the sensitive soul their lot may seem
easier than hers; Ah, well, ; for both
there is a world that sets this right!
"Dear, you know that I love you, and
that I would bear anything that was
necessary for you. But there is one
unnecessary thing that I cannot prom
ise to bear, and that is rudeness. I
am not used to it. I married a gentle
man, not a boor. So, John, dear, you
must not speak to me again as you did
to-night, if I am to continue to love
you and respect you. You and I are
equals, husband and wife, not master
and slave. I know you did not mean
what you. said. But you cannot say
such things to me. I could not resent
it where our guests were. But it cut
me — and, dear, it disappointed me. I
am sure, knowing this, you will not
make that mistake again."
Being a gentleman, he never did.
Had he not been a gentleman at heart,
he might have answered brutally. In
which case, silence on the part of the
wife would have been the only wise
course. She should then have walked
until some more propitious time before
speaking again of the matter, or, had
the offense never been repeated, not
mentioned it again.
And as he, wondering at her gravity,
followed her suggestion, she continued:
The thoroughbred wife controlled
all evidence of agitation except her
rising color. Tactfully the
subject, she chatted pleasantly on until
the last guest had departed. Th#>n, as
her husband, forgetful of what had
happened, and quite his usual good
naturtd self again, turned to her with
a smiling remark, ehe said quietly:
"John, dear, there is a little matter
I want to talk to you about. Sit down,
please, here on the sofa, by me."
The savage, latent in every man,
sprang — as is frequently the case, with
out sufficient cause— to the front.
"Mistaken! You are not only 'mis
taken, but you ari^talking like a fool!"
To attain this end she will discourage
at the outset any rough language. One
bride within a month of her marriage
showed with gentle dignity that she
would allow nothing but courteous
treatment from her liege lord. They
were entertaining a few friends in their
now home. The bride made a statement
which the husband contradicted. She
hesitated a minute, then said gently:
"John, I think that was the way that
happened. 1 may, however, be mis
taken."
The main noint is not what is asked
by the man, but how it is asked. We
have not so much to do with the matter
of the demand as with the manner of
it. Every dutiful wife has the right to
exact a courteous manner and gentle
manly speech from her husband.
BY MRS. VIRGINIA VAN DE WATER.
Copyright, 1003. by Joseph B. Bowles.
What about the man who is master
ful and domineering? How is his wife
to treat him?
If she would not lose her own and
her husband's respect she will not
quarrel, will not scold, will. not nag. She
need not resort to means which are be
neath the dignity of a refined woman.
Let the wife appreciate that she is
her husband's equal, his friend, his
partner — not his slave nor his toy. She
must also have such love for him that
when an issue of no import arises. and
he asks in a kind, considerate *vay that
he have thinjrs as he wishes tiiem, she
will gladly yield to his desires. It is a
safe rule for married life that, except
in a matter of principle, if one must
yield it should be the wife. But let' her
do it through love, not through slavish
obedience, and let it be only in mat
i ters in which the man has a right to
! make demands.
Cure for Family Jars.
"Newspaper men. It's reported that
Joaquin Miller is dead," was the reply.
"Dead!" came a husky exclamation,
quickly fallowed by a command: "Come
in."
It was from the shaggy Californian
himself. Wrapped in his bear robea
and. lying prone upon his cot, the poet
wa s seen by the flicker of a candle
flame. Joaquin almost shouted:
"Dead! Who said I was dead? I'm
not dead, and I want you to go back
as quickly as you came and pay so.
Good night."
That was all. But the bulletin had
been wired throughout the Eastern
State3 and it was too late that night to
correct it there. When the mails brought
many of the cross-mountain journals to
the coast the poet had the unusual ex
perience of reading some very enter
taining if not altogether accurate ac
counts of his passing across the great
divide.
"Who's there?"
"Joaquin Miller died to-night at Oak
land" was the brief but startlingly
newsy bulletin flashed into the San
Francisco newspaper offices one night
not long ago. There was a bustle and
rush from telegraph editors to the news
editors, thence to the city editors. The
city editors promptly called on their re
spective 'cross-bay correspondents.
Along about midnight a procession of
reporters headed for "The Heights" in
the Fruitvale foothills, where the verse
writer makes his domicile. The news
paper men v:ere out to verify the story,
which was a "big" one from the news
paper point of view. About 1:30 o'clock
a. m. the crowd arrived at Joaquin's
picturesque habitat. Knocks at the
door. No response. More knocks, and
then a gruff:
CONDITIONS in trade last week were rather
mixed, but on the whole satisfactory. It being
Christmas week there was naturally little doing
in wholesale lines, nor will there be until after the turn
of the year and perhaps well along toward the end of
January. Business is always quiet at this season.
With the turn of the year comparative statements from
the different lines will begin to come in and we will then
know definitely how 1903 stood as compared with 1902.
It is not expected to make the brilliant showing of 1902
— the banner year, whose record will probably stand for
some time to come. Commodity prices • have shrunk
moreVr less this year and there has be.en a vast decline
in the stock market, which will cut down the aggregate
figures from those of 1902, but the situation now-is really
better than last year at this time, according to present
indication?. Then we were looking with apprehension
for the appearance of some kind of financial or mercan
tile storm, the consequences of which could not be fore
seen, but which would create more or less disturbance.
The storm came as expected, but fortunately was con
fined to a decline in the stock market, general trade be
ing little affected, and then only at the close of the year
and onlj' indirectly. Now that the storm has gone and
the inflated and abnormal conditions in Wall street have
been corrected we are on a sounder basis than at the
close of 1002. The annual figures when they come in
may show smaller totals in many lines, but the shrinkage
has not been serious and has been a benefit rather than a
detriment to trade. Hence we may look forward to a
good though perhaps quieter year in 1904. At any rate,
as far as present signs go, we will feel less uncertainty,
except from the shadow of the Presidential election,
which is now appearing on the horizon of trade. ,
Private reports from Wall street received at the close
of the week said that the January disbursements for
dividends, interest, etc., would fall about $2,000,000 below
those of the preceding 3'ear and that they would prob
ably not be over $134,000,000, whereas $145,000,000 had
been expected. This of course is surmise. The amount
will be large in any event and will tend to still further
ease an already easy money market. In fact the predic
tion is now being made that money will presently be a
glut. Whether this prediction will provd true or not,
the course of the money market since last summer has
been an agreeable surprise in all quarters. A serious
stringency had been feared during the crop moving
period, but it not only did not appear, but money was
actually easier than for some preceding years. We are
well supplied with funds everywhere, no particular tight
ness being reported from any quarter.
General trade conditions show little change. One en
couraging leature iast week was an improvement in col
lections, but against this it was noted that the suspen
sion of manufacturing plants for the annual stock "tak
ing, repairs, etc., was more pronounced than for. some
years. The failures for the week were 284, against 209
last year, while owing to the decrease in speculation the
bank clearings at New York were 16.7 per cent behind
those of 1902. The iron and steel industry reported a
better outlook all along the line, with the general opin
ion among the controlling interests in the trade that fur
ther reductions in quotations were no longer necessary,
especially as orders for the early part of 1904 were
showing an increase. From this it was inferred that the
lower prices had begun to stimulate trade.
The showing in cotton was sensational. Although the
high prices for the staple checking the demand and
the mills are buying no more than is positively neces
sary to fill current orders and are steadily decreasing
their output, and the Chinese and other export demands
have fallen off sharply, the volume of business in this
staple during the past two months has been enormous.
The price has advanced above all records for a quarter
of a century and option trading to the amount of a
million of bales per day has not* been unusual. -Again
in November, while our merchandise exports aggregated
$160,000,000, or $35,000,000 more than in November, 1902,
nearly the whole of this increase, or $32,000,000, was in
cotton and was due to high prices and the backwardness
of the crop. Conservatism now characterizes every de
partment of the cotton goods market.
As to the general export movement, while our No
vember exports were only twice exceeded, our imports
amounted to only $77,000,000, compared with $85,000,000
last year. This left an excess of exports this year of
$83,000,000, against less than $40,000,000 a year ago. So
favorable a trade balance easily explains the recent in
flux of gold and suggests its further continuance for a
period, the present tendency being for diminished im
ports regardless of the export movement, although the
latter promises good results for the current month.
The New England footwear factories are receiving
few new orders, but Eastern wool buyers have reap
peared in the market and are purchasing with more free
dom and the wool market is accordingly showing more
activity. The purchases by tanners have absorbed th*
moderate offerings of hides and the lower grades of
leather are reported firmer. Provisions remain about
as they were during the preceding week, with supplies
ample for all requirements and the market showing no
especial activity.
The far Western railroads are moving over 10 per
cent more tonnage than a year ago and the decline east
of the Mississippi is not over 5 per cent, so there is still
a net gain of about 6 per cent for December over 1902.
The reports sent to the mercantile agencies by the
different cities of the country continue cheerful and are
accompanied by confident expectations of another good
year- in trade. The reports from California, notably San.
Francisco, tell of excellent conditions in the wholesale
trade. The southern part of the State is sadly in need
of rain and if it does not get. a good wetting soon the
bean and cereal crops down there may. turn out short
next year. The State north of San Francisco has thus
far received plenty of moisture and reports farming op
erations proceeding as usual, with cheerful indications
everywhere.
To summarize, the condition of trade in the United
States at the close of 1903 is satisfactory > and there are
no sinister signs apparent anywhere. Prosperity is still
with the country and on a more stable, even if quieter,
basis than in 1902.
Lively Joaquin.
you will love more deeply than you
have loved before.
The product of the strictly temperate zones less at
tracted the attention of Junipero Serra and his followers.
It remained for the later comers to the land to attempt
the cultivation of the apple t on a large scale.
Now the Monterey New Era, after' an investigation
of the apple producing capacity of Santa Cruz- and
Monterey counties, announces that Carmel- Valley is
"the ideal place for the growth of apples." Of course,
there are localities that will challenge the claim of
the New Era that Carmel Valley is superior to . all
others, but at the same' time its excellence will be
generally acknowledged. Ideal spots are manifold.
The New Era describes Carmel Valley, where one of
the most picturesque of the early missions still stands,
and -says "that the entire valley will be planted to apples
at no distant date may be deemed certain and all who
engage in apple growing here may congratulate them
selves, for the lot of the apple grower is happier than
that of any other tiller of the soil. Trees .bear abun
dantly here and a tract of fifteen acres will afford a
good living for the average family and permit the sav
ing, of a good sum of money every year. Here the grow
ing of apples is yet in its infancy, and although great
quantities of this fruit are shipped annually to all parts
of the world, there is still unplanted a large area of land
suitable to apple culture. The section offering the prob
ably the greatest opportunity, for the growth of apple
production in California is the Carmel Valley."
There" 1 is no more picturesque spot along the coast
of California than the Carmel Valley. If the predic
tions of the New Era are fulfilled concerning its prolific
production of the apple the entire State will be glad.
The apple industry cannot be overdone in California
for many years to come, as the demand for the fruit is
enormous. . .
CLOSING DAYS OF THE TRADE YEAR.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ MONDAY, DECFM BE R 28, 19^3.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . ? '. . Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication O~lce <30t££sg$&}> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
MONDAY .<. * ..........DECEMBER 28, 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
6Aspiration is more to life than res
niratlon.
Our frame department is -showing a
new line of frames irv gilt, oak and 'Art
Neuveau finishes. Good for New Year's.
Sanborn. Vail & Co. •
CHICAGO, Dec. 27. — During a
stampede of the 10,000 men, women
and children waiting for admission,
which followed the opening of tho
doors of .the Coliseum, where the
Volunteers of America to-day gave
their annual Christmas dinner, sev
eral glass doors were demolished and
the dozen policemen on duty at the
place managed to restore order with
the greatest difficulty. In the rush
several women and children were
knocked down and trampled on, but
none was seriously injured. The
crowd was the largest that* ever as
sembled at such an affair in Chicago,
and when every one had been satisfied
not a morsel of the tons of food re
mained.
Police Have Difficulty Restraining
Crowd at a Dinner Given
by Salvation Army.
PEOPLE STAMPEDE TO
GET CHRISTMAS FOOD
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 27—5 p.' m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date' last season and rainfall In last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 17.28 21.48
Red Bluff O.OO 11.81 13.45
Sacramento 0.00 4.4:{ 6.60
San Francisco .... 0.00 6.02 5.08
Fresno 0.00 0.88 3.21
Independence 0.00 0.42 0.S3
San Luis Obispo... 0.00 0.H2 5.00
I»s Angeles 0.00 0.4.1 4.87
San Diego 0.00 0.40 (5.03
THE COAST RECORD.
" "~O 2 S *O ™ *5 '
5 »3g H= c^- j;? 2
I 53 22 2* 5"
STATIONS. ST 2 | P *2 a§ ?- g
: c c : '• a
: ? ? : : :
Farallon 30.20 C7 49 N Clear loo
Baker 30.54 28 10 SE Cloudy .00
Carson 30.42 4S 12 E Clear .00
Eureka 30.26 4S 3« N Cloudy .00
Fresno 30.20 60 2S NW Clear .00
FlagFtaff 30.38 44 10 N Clear .00
Pocatello 30.58 26 .- B Clear .00
Independence .30.24 M 34 S Clear .00
Los Angeled -.00.10 80 46 W Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpalf.30.21 55 46 NE Clear .00
Point Reyes... 30. 15 56 40 N Clear .00
Phoenix 30.10 74 34 SE3 Clpar .00
Portland 30.34 38 32 NW Fc? .00
Red Bluff 30.22 W 30 N Pt.CIdy .00
Ronebu-R 30.34 36 34 SW Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..30.22 54 34 SK Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.46 32 16 SW Clear .00
San Francisco. 30. 24 60 46 NW Clear .0(1
S L. Obispo. .30.14 80 34 W Clear .00
Fan Diego ...30.06 68 52 N Clear .00
Seattle 30.42 44 40 NW Cloudy .00
Spokane 30. M 30 26 N Cloudy .0<»
Tat.icsh 30.30 46 .. E Pt.CIdy .01
Walla Walla.. 30. 52 .14 30 NE Cloudy .00
Wlnnrmucca .30.42 44 12 S Cloudy .00
Yuma 30. 10. 74 40 N Clear .00
WEVTHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. . . .
Cloudy weather prevails over tho northern
portion of the Pacific Slope and fair over the
southern. No rain has fallen j weEt of the
Rocky Mountains.
The chance* In both pressure ar.d tempera
ture have been Blight over the Pacific Slope
during the pa?t twenty-four hours
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours «?ndine midnight, December 28:
Northern California— Fair Monday: light
northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light
northerly wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday. -
San Francisco and, vicinity — Fair Monday;
llcht northwest wind;
G. H. WILI-SON.' IwjU kv.-~.— .— i
i
Japanese and Germans have the
same average brain weight.
Weather Report.
BERLIN, Dec. 27. — Jesse Seligman,
formerly a partner in the well-known
Seligman banking house of New York,
died to-day at Frankfort.
Jesse Seliginan Passes Away.
"WILMINGTON', Del., Dec. 27. — Gen
eral John Newman Andrews died to
day at Montpelier, Vt., aged 65 years.
His home was near this city. He com
manded a brigade of volunteers in the
Spanish War.
Spanish War Veteran Dies.
Well-Known Vallejo Resident Dead.
VALLEJO. Dec. 27. — N. G. Hilton,
for many years a prominent resident
of Vallejo, died in Fruitvale to-day.
He had been a member of Naval
Lodge No. 87, F. and A. M., since 1866
and will be buried here under the
auspices of the lodge Tuesday. He
was for a number of years foreman
shipwright of the Mare Island Xavy
Yard, and in 1896 sustained, a fall in
the hold of the historic old warship
Hartford, at Mare Island, that crip
pled him seriously during his last
years. He left a family, one of his
sons being Chief Carpenter O. H. Hil
ton, U. S. X., at present on duty at the
Union Iron Works, San Francisco.
Martinez was born in San Francisco
; in 1S49. His father was an Italian and
I his mother was of French extraction.
; In early childhood he was brought to
[ Xew York and here received his ele
'• mentary education. After several years
I the family went abroad so that the son
j might have, the advantage of an edu
; cation in the schools of the Continent,
i After the completion of his education
abroad the family returned to America
; and took up their residence in San
Francisco, where the son began his
| business career. In 1883 Martinez mar
¦ ried Miss Hockhofer, daughter of the
I Austrian Consul then stationed at San
Francisco. Martinez came to New York
about twelve years ago. He soon came
to be recognized as an able writer on
musical topics, which won for him the
I friendship of the most distinguished
j musicians of the city. Martinez is sur
| vlved by his widow.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— F. N. R. Mar
tinez, musical and art critic of the
World, died at St. Vincent's Hospital
this afternoon from paralysis.
FAMOUS MUSIC
CRITIC DIES
IN NEW YORK
The subscribers having supervised the above
drawir.K of the lottery of the Beneflcencla Pub
lica hereby certify that the above is an exact
crpy of the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 80.000 placed in the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them. Wit
ness our hands at the City of Mexico, this 24th
day of December. 1903. (Signed) Jose M. de
la Vega, Treasury Department; U, Bassettl,
manager; Juan B. Castello, Intervenor.
790 numbers ending with 14. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $20,000. $20.
7S9 numbers ending: with 16. belns the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $2O,<KX>, $20.
100 number* from 10.004 to 10.104 inclusive.
be\r\g 50 numbers on each *i(te of the number
drawing the capital prlie of |tV».<«X». $60.
K*> numbers from Cl.6f.fl to 61,7<)« Inclusive,
Iwlng .10 numbers on each 5ide of the number
drawing capital prize of $20,000. $10.
liift numbers from 1369 to HC6 inclusive, be
inp 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $10,000. $20.
TERMINAL. PRIZES.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
The Orpheum road show continues
to be popular this week without any
change of programrry?. The common
opinion is that it is the best that has
been on the Orpheum stage for many
a day and the packed houses bear this
statement oi*. Albertus and Millar,
with their spangled clubs; Elizabeth
Murray, tho Iri3h songstress; the Me
lani troubadours, and the muscular
Nightons are still the drawing cards
that they were a week ago.
* * *
It was a laugh from beginning to
end at the California last night. "Are
You a Mason?" was presented by a
first-class company and the show was
heartily enjoyed. Each of the charac
ters was sustained Hn a manner that
more than pleased the large audience.
The farce is a solid entanglement of
fraternal matters with domestic com
plications thrown in. The father of a
family attempts to allay the sus
picions of his wife caused by his ir
regular hours by announcing that he
is a Mason, and he meets several pros
pective son-in-laws who are practicing
the same deception. Three acts are "re
quired to straighten matters out, but
before the curtain drops felicity reigns
and every one is happy.
William Robert Daly, stock broker
and former actor, sustains a dual char
acter. Edward Kellie, who plays papa
in the show, makes a hit and introduces
much that is new in the comedy line.
Misses Adelaide Wise, Georgia Hart
and Mary Faber are exceedingly clever
in their roles, and Miss Jessie Church
makes an excellent mother-in-law.
Louis R. Grisel and Miss Valbourg
Hermann appear 'as a country couple,
and Thomas David is good in the char
acter of a lover caught in the meshes
of Masonry. Charles Kennedy does
Hamilton Travers, usher in a music
hall; Thomas V. Emory makes himself
a favorite as a young architect, and
Edward Marshall is on the bills as a
policeman. Miss Mamie Johnstone, as
cook to an aristocratic family, and Miss
Estelle Lewis, as Fanchon Armitage,
a cloak model, also add much to the
fun.
Brian Parley, a sterling actor, played
the part of the old minister with dignity
and pathos and the comedy lines were
well looked after by Harry B. Reid,
Charles L. George; R. Dinsmore, Will
J. Morton, Agnes Lane,and Louise Fos
ter.
The staging of the play Was very real
istic and the Grand Opera-house, man
agement is to be congratulated in se
curing such a splendid attraction as
"The Minister's Son" for the amuse
ment of its patrons.
The entire company appearing in
"The Minister's Son" is to be commend
ed for its mqst artistic work. There is
no straining after effect or desire to.
earn applause by stilted situations.
The actors and actresses are natural in
all the scenes and they hold their audi
tors with* keen interest through the en
tire play.
"W. P. Patton is certainly entitled to
star in the character of the son of the
persecuted minister. He* has a quiet
and quaint method that draws tears as
well as laughter and proves himself to
be a clever actor.
Kathryn as the wronged daugh
ter of the minister won all hearts by her
womanly portrayal of the role. There
was a true ring in her delivery of the
lines that showed she had fully grasped
the author's conception.
George Kenneth as the villain was re
warded with hisses by the audience,
which is the best compliment that can
be paid to an actor in such roles.
Two large audiences gathered at the
Grand Opera-house yesterday to enjoy
th* charming play, *;The Minister's'
Son," as presented by W. B. Patton and
his excellent company.
Not since the time that Sol Smith
Russell appeared in this city had the
theater-going public had an opportuni
ty of witnessing a play jn which pathos
and humor are so delightfully blended
as in "The Minister's Son."
While the play has nothing that is
new in the way of stagecraft, the man
ner of its portrayal is its chief merit.
It tells a story of villainy combated by
virtue and right and the character of
the son of the minister is most cleverly,
drawn and played.-
The quaint humor of Simon Ray
reaches the hearts of the audience and
one cannot but feel that his good quali
ties are not those of the stage, but of
real life.
In many other places of worship
Christmas musical services were held
yesterday morning and last night. The
choir at Trinity Church, under the di
rection of Louis H. Eaton, rendered
a programme which was in every essen
tial as beautiful as that given on
Christmas day. At St. Luke's Church
there was an evensong and at St. Paul's
Episcopal Church there was also a
grand musical service devoted to
Christmas carols.
At the First Congregational Church
there was a Christmas musical service
both in the morning and evening and
at the Third Congregational Church an
augmented choir rendered Gaul's ex
quisite cantata, "Prince of Peace." At
Grace Methodist Church there was also
a Christmas song '• stival, as was the
case at the Howard Presbyterian
Church, the First Persbyterian Church
and the First Unitarian Church. The
choir of the Cathedral Mission repeated
the Christmas day carols.
The Fourth Congregational Church
had an elaborate Christmas song festi
val in the evening ana at Simpson
Memorial Church there was a pro
gramme of Christmas music and song
at both the morning and evening ser
vices. At St. Mary's Cathedral the
music' was exceedingly fine and at St.
Dominic's Church the beautiful Christ
mas day musical programme was re
peated yesterday.
The churches were crowded at morn
ing and evening services. The decora
tions at all the churches were very
handsome. M-%$
The orchestra played the first, second
and third parts of tne cantata, "The
Night of Glory," and the service ter
minated with the congregation singing
the anthem, "My Country, 'Tis of
Thee.",
The Rev. Mr. Gibson delivered a
powerful sermon before the singing of
the anthem, his subject being "Peace,"
in which he asked all men to remember
that peace did not mean the ending of
battles or the withdrawal of soldiers
from the field of carnage, but what was
meant by the peace given by the savior.
The peace hn meant to be understood
and practiced was the individual peace,
peace for the person, for this land and
that land and every land. It was the
peace that makes peace. It was that
peace that rrust be fii the hearh of man
that he may understand his duty of
peace to the world. Christ, said the
Rev. Mr. Gibson, came that night and
asked for peace — it was a message from
God between himself and those he had
made.
The orchestra was composed of the
following:
Pipe organ. Miss Lotta J. Underhlll;
assistant. Miss Lillian Bennett; violins,
C. H. Blank, Mr. Walter Weber; piano,
Mrs. A. F. Roberts and Mrs. F. T.
Sully; cornet, A. F. Roberts.
At the First Congregational Church
there was a Christmas musical service
both in the morning and evening and
at the Third Congregational Church
an augmented choir rendered Gaul's
exquisite cantata, -"Prince of Peace."
At Grace Methodist Church there was
also a Christmas song festival as was
the* case at the Howard Presbyterian
Church, the First Presbyterian Church
and the First Unitarian Church.' The
choir of .the Cathedral Mission repeated
the Christmas day carols.
HEAR CHRISTMAS CAROLS.
PASTOR EXPLAINS "PEACE."
Christmas services were held yester
day in Emmanuel Baptist Chnrch,
which was crowded both at the morn
ing and evening exercises.
Music was the special feature of the
services, \vhich were of rejoicing and
thanksgiving. The Rev. J. George Gib
son, pastor, officiated and read the les
sons between the hymns' ami solos and
organ recitals and eacred selections by
the orchestra.
After the invocation at the morning
service the' congiegation, numbering
several hundred, arose and sang the
hymn, "Joy to the World," which was
followed by the solo by Miss Mabel
Jackson Christes, "The Birthday of a
King." "Ihen j cane the tenor solo,
" 'Twas Nig*it in Old Judea," and then
the congregation chanted the Lord's
prayer^
Miss Xrna Roberts sang "The Chimes
on Christmas Morning," the Rev. Mr.
Gibson rendered the solo, "Peace on
Earth," and Otis Carrjngton rendered
'•The Gift." i£
At the, evening service there was a
complete change of music and 'hymns.
Those who took part in the evening mu
sical festival. were Miss L. M. Beanston,
who sang "The King Eternal"; Miss
Zita C. Fahey, who rendered the solo,
"O, Holy Night,' 5 D. B. Bowley, Otis
Carrington and the Rev. Mr. Gibson.
Thousands of the Devout of the
City Join in Glorious Mnsical
Festivals Suitable to Season
"Are You a Mason?" Makes Hit
With Audience^ — -Road Show
at Orpheum Still Drawing
INSPIRING CAROLS SUNG
COMEDY AT CALIFORNIA
•Capable Company Is Seen- in
Drama "The Son"
at the Grand Opera-House
Bcnutiful Christnitis Song Serv
ices Were Rendered in Many
Places of Worship Yesterday
(Class "M.")
City of Mexico, Dec. 2.4, 1903.
So., B^* ' PrlI ,
42 20] 200 200! 330 40
3TS 40; 641 20 556 20
756 200) 826 40 20
*>« 200; 1101 «o 1312 20
1416 lOCOflj 1400 20 5574 4U
1640 40 2024 *oi 2H71 20
21S* 20-25*4 10012711 100
2764 20 2S45 40 2865 20
»20 2W 2822 2«'] 3.«0 20
33-S2 10o X»2 «0l .1411 . 20
»<13 40] 3508 40J 3U15 20
3'2S 40 JJ786 21* 3'.*06 40
»*18 1OO;3»46 2« 4iH3> 20
•J2J 40, 4246 40- 4435 40
* ti45 20 4716 1U0: 47«0 20
*•-- 80 4816 20j 4S34 20
433" 20 5(t76....'. 40 MIX) 20
W10 40 MCI 2018374 40
5 -#3 20 r*5S 40* 5t;t«.* 40
¦£12 40| 5726 20! B8S7 20
"£?2 20i '; €076 20) »><>.'. 40
%^ 2ft, «240 40, 0243 '^O
S^TCJ 2fij «424 2O ; mtii 20
2*® 20; «684 20] 6C83 20
fl« 5 100 6731 4<>! C775 20<)
2' g * 20| (5S4S 20, <ys«35 20
S^~} 20] C972 20] 7042 40
X2t.'. *0, "1 ; » 20; 7235 20
i^S* 40i 7SH3 20, 73S7 20
i***2 2OI 7458 4017545 4l>
•653 20. 7M19 ... 40!
I*'* 40 7016 20! 7975 40
f 1( * 20- M79 201 6,246 20
«-'« 20< b&tS 40 S509 20
~3" «0j 85»2 20 SWS 20
2»». 87.11 'Jf>\ 8758 40
£7i»« 20; M*>4 2<) (>94S 100
9077 40; ftl74 lOO' »401 20
¦8444 lOOl O688 40 ! &771 40
>S1« 20)0850 4010114 60000
I()I 2S 20 102.56 40 10405 100
10*"9 20,10445 20.104K2 . 20
10M3 40 10534 lOOIlOtiSM 40
10»i75 lf«>llO883 40,10907 40
1O92C 40,lf«5S 2i>,10»71 20
JOitf** 20J11.00I lf<0 ! 11092 20
1U24 40 11142 20 11152 20
HIM 20 11247 20,11201 20
11434 40 ll«>40 40.11061 20
11701 20,11702 100 11SM 20
1191S 2O12<>04 20 12121. . 20
12K.6 2H.12212 20 12215 20
12;<75 1IKM2442 4<> 126.{ti 20
1=*12 2OJ12943 20 13151 K<0
181n3 20jI2230 4o!t3232,; . 20
122^ 2 40134S2 40;i35."K) 20
4O13.V14 4O11S725 1000
137 27 4«,13777 2o'l3S72 20
IWi 40 13»3«> 100 14174 20
14212 2O;U275 4O'l4r>(fS. . . 2'J
14367 20 14380 40 14670 20
H751 20 14*02 2O'152«!5 1000
J$2£S 20, 15414 20.15151 40
J 5 -*^ 0 soaissia Bomuaoi 2<i
IMS* 20 15721 4O157«» KX)
UJSi 20 15944 40 16170 20
ISXW 20 16219 1WI1C5M 100
I««l 2«i'l6717 2016342 500
17013 40 17058 4O17OS1 10(1
170*K 20,17231 2017473 4<>«
1755H 4O176S« 20,17844 20
18051 40 IHCXW 40;18Hi.J 40
182» 20,182.!2 100 18361 20
1WCC 20 1S<576 20 18000 500
15*004 4ii'lfliai l"0,102> ; .l 40
1V295 2l» 194S«J lf>0 1S674 20
l$»e«7 4C>,20C»06 4O 20279 l*"0
2T«9S 20 20543 2O 20*32 20
2V&*»5 40 20355 SOJ21009 40
21134 20 21164 1002122-t 1(<O
213C5 4021527 40 21714 40
21770 40 21835 20 21037 20
22317 300,2233.1 40122334 20
225*0 40,22502 100J225M 20
2264H 20 22819 4O'22924 .... 40
22962 20 2.-JO15 20123228 20
- ¦ - ¦ 40 23276 .. . 100i23321 2O
2342S 20 2.'!51S> 20 23540 20
241<>4 20 211^6 100*24255 40
24314 20 244S7 500244K6 40
24525 40,24575 20 2470S 40
24f*3 40 25103 20(25121 20
2fl*>'i 100 25262 20 25288 40
2*»372 ..... 2 ( i 25575 ..... 20 255!*8 ..... 20
2.'.79S 20 25961 10026008 20
26040 2<i 262fiO 20126302 40
26464 20 2C»»0 20;26703 20
2<:710 2<"<0'2f,7M» 20J26898 40
2>&Ki 20 27098 20127134 100
27250 40 .27432 100,2741*3 20
27541 1W27547 100 27554 * 20
27646 4<i 2VOO2 40'280.'i& 20
2SI03..... 20J28178 20 2S342..... 20
2M41 20!28S01 20 2^5<;i 40
2K.96 202S601 20;2*<«34 200
2SS05 20 28810 202SS47 20
2KS97 20 200G3 20 29213 20
2TV340 201 I
2S40K 20i;<20423 20.29170 40
25HM) 20 20576 40 20»17 200
90031 40::kk:'45 20030048 100
3CiC2 20 30255 20 30281 1000
CC35:! 4023051 1 40'30til 0 20
S07U 2030753 irto'30789 40
30*20 201*0882 2OJS1078 100 I
81081 2O - 31144 20.312T.8 200
81263 20 313MJ 40.31397 40 j
31535 20 31570 20 31711 20
S1S.J0 . . 40 ! 31 Vil 4031858 100
31HM 40;«{K5 20 32423 40
22441 10C.32515 40 32T.S7 20
22<«i 20 32752 20'327S4 20
32M2 4O 32X*4 100}32»4« 100
;j3K<t 40 33121 20J331S9 20
SS228 2C»:332W» 40 33424 40
33497 100133510 20 33561 20
33S44 4ft .13931 2O'34058 20
34201 T> 342a*» 10034221 40
34287 20 314(12..... 20 34437 20
34445 . 20 345OO 40 34500 40
34710 20 349SS 100135083 40
3.M27 20 35193 2<X> 35449 100
sr.r.42 2o;356i8 2035S03 20
35S32 20 3f*S2 4O|
SW10 20 3«^XM l<>0: 36140 20
S6317 J0O26399 . 2C>;36429 20
36432. 40136469 20:36573 20
36«1« 20.36«62 100 36600 ICO
37C12 1OO371O.J 20'372<i5 20
372i>9 2037300 20^37534 20
."57770 40 37M5 20J3S006 40
S80S0 4 f > 38059 1W 38335 20
8%415 20)38433 20,38565 20
2RGM 20 3><749 20I3SS86 20
ZWA 2OJ392S7 20:39337 20
:«<.T7*« 1<»O 3M547 2O31W44 2<>
S0727 -100 39703 40 39837 40
S9M0 20139979 100 40"T30 40
4AM7 20 40171 4040256 20
40280 20 4«C23 40;40364 20
4tl383 20 40508 40 40537 20
4 ••:."• 40 40*535 2t«i407S3 40
4OS22 20 4TJ^g 20 40339 100
4Qf*79 2<>'410C2 40,41012 40
41410 20 4 1 670 40 41776 40
42005 20 42170 20 42204 20
424M 20 42519 100 4257S 20
42»X$0 40 42601 40-42863 40
42952 4" 42092 2O43O46 20
431 S7 40 43281 100:43372 20
43471 40 43615 100 43748 4d
44^71 20 44109 2044103 20
4449S 40445T7 40'44000 20
?4009 2O44W4 20!446»3 20
44759 1O044763 =0;447K3 40
44947 10>l'45089 40I45271 40
45307 2**45490 20 45494 2(1
4.VS21 20 42565 20 : 45583 40
45628 2O 4S733 2O ! 457s2 20
45794 20140798 2O ! 4587.t 20
40O7J 20 461 ."7 20,4'JlM .40
4t244 20 46207 2Oi4<5.TJl 20
4«497 404<Sao9 204*5741 40
47044 2O'471«4 40.471&* 40
47211 2047297 20-47459 40
47R.14 1OO 47S3S...... 600;47824 20
4fi1»J2 20I4824S 40J48-HI7 20
4ST.23 .. . 40 4MS6 4O4S510 20
4S.M6 2f» 48541 20j4Si{31 40
48t«» .... 20|4KO3 20,4*7115 40
4«C3fl 20 49156 20'491K> 2<»
4 r «210 20 1 4a2St> 10o;4;»4« > 6 20
4i«S«2 in0 50f»Oi» 20J302C3 *0
&O2'V) .... 40|.Vl286 40'50290 20
wm ... 40 r»«39» 200]
S0434 2050164 40'5O5I6 40
SOSOO 4i»506G3 40 50MS 20
MO02 2O-.".111« 205113S 40
r.1225 1OOT.14S2 100 51514 40
r,ir.r^> 20 5i7f»6 40:51887 20
f.1«33.. .. 20;S187i 200:51987 40
f,19fts 40 52217 2052232 20
f.2U2 20r.241« 20 524*6 20
£2400 20152510 40;52660 20
S20!«> 40.VJO31 I00 5;J066 40
2053115 20 53195 20
E32S5 2" T.r?321 20I63DIW 4U
ESS41J 40:53485 4053744 40
53757 2O;53SC2 10O5389J 40
MOOS 10OS4O19 20 54023 40
MOM 20:542.19 20,54314 100
54679 4O547SO 20 54792 20
MS01 4054907 2OJS4951 l'JO
m:<m 2<> r.5oon 40 .-..vir.i 4«
T.50C7 20'5r»20.1 200 .'.r.258 40
KiSSH 4055481 iflO 55483 40
r.55(S1 40;5SC43 20 55*^3 20
65757 40)55813 100 M031 . .. . . 40
r.«;)27 40)86137 20!
RC288 20 56343 ..... 40:56372 20
C6378 2O:.V5««3 20JS6807 20
f,ce:;2 2O 50904 20157012 20
S7147 2»i571S0 30J6723S 40
r,72C2 2057304. 20157321 40
57313 20i57360 10057 J50 20
.',7511 20Ti"t^29 20'5770< 20
»7715 JOO'57807 20;57aia 40
?.«! 1*5 20 58249 20158320 20
5SSTI2 20;.W»dl Z0J590N1 1000
C0210 . .. lftt)!59.10« 2f>;.V*.t27 40
CM3S 2 r ">! 59721 I00JS9755 100
5;i«ill 100 C0090 100 00140 2rt
00TJ50 20!«Ofi3S 40j 60S31 20
C/m" 4061131 20 61157 200
C1200 . 20C12C8 1OO|612O1 20
CI'1 40'6l.TK 4O6I4O? 20
61483M. KiO«14.86 20,*514»4 40
€",33 . 4061633 4O;«171«; 20000
61784 " 4ft;«21!»2 100;022<X5 20
fi 74 ]'~ 20:C2S53. 40|«2S."U 20
<-»K70'"i.. 2C«2026 2<i ! 6.W« 40
C1O79 l<v»'iTW«« 20;b32S0...v. 500
63291 20C3302 20163111 20
4Oi«TJ407 20 63742 100
rs7«r'" . 2<iO:<i'»«3 40 6»»35 2<»
i~"KT. ". "0 VA221 2O:<iJ2t;* 40
C,t'v'\ •' 4fl'fi4474 201640I9 2'»
fA-ro'"". 200164745....: 20;ft4752 20
tH9C\.'.... 40 61086 40
*",O47 JtfiiCM 40«M72».... 20
JSJsiJ;;.;;-; 406.^,7.-. 20165683 20
e'-.-ro 2O'»55!K«8 4O'G«12C 20
l r lZ. 20:«P6M 20!«C716 40
ii^ij 20CCJ33 40i66»C3 200 1
SACRED MUSIC
IN CHURCHES
PLAY PLEASES
BIG AUDIENCES
NUMBERS
-OF THE—
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
No. Prize. iNo. Prite.lNo. PriM.
6T075 40ie?CS0 20167191 23
67514 -40I676?4 20167751 40
CS12O ; 1T0 CS1C2 s JtO(CS526 20
CSM7 4068565 20IBS648 ¦ £*
GSCSO 4068703 C00i6S716 20
G8764 40!6SOV7 40|«>rt00 2<>
C0097 200J60233 40 69266 100
09^.31 40't%03« 20 60108 -0
69540 100;at0P2 40|fiSC97 20
63724 20|C98S8. 4017O37 20
'7(K)76 40l7C077 : 4O|7O1C9 •' -0
70308 20J70<2>2 2070791 20
70845... . 40'70!H» 20I709S2 1C0
711«2 20i71«02 100 71C13 40
71763 20I71S36 40 71839 tO
718CT 20|71»59 600 17204.1 20
721S7 2Oi7247« 40J72575. . ..'. 20
72000 20 72775 40172044 20
.72976 20,73153 20J73196 20
' 732fiS 40173418 20:73921 20
• 7OT45 ... 40!7.Tfl5« £COi7«K>6 40
, 74Ofn> 40!7«15 20 742S5 100
'74291 10017411a 20 745S5 20
74057 40174919 100!74i)87 20
. 7MO4 4(t,751S7 1C0I752.S4 20
1 75.14S 20'75174 40!"ri.V>8 500
175680 40i7.176« 100; 7. "'.«):> 40
I 7GU71 40;7«109 20,7*5141 20
! 7^202 2fi'7«21S 40762." 20
7H2-.U 20!7C4.19..: .. 20!7C547 20
> 7»*ra 20) 7fiG76 20;76C98 20
I 70707 ! . . . . 40 76S29 40 76888 1000
7^02 2O'7fifi<>5 20)77056 500
TTOfil 4077114 40 77164 20
: 7716S 20 77351 20177414 100
1 77«;U 2077816 20!77S2n 20
77017 2017732ft 40!770R9 100
, 7S142 20I782O4.. .*. . 20i7S491 40
I 78JD2 . 2<X>:7S520 40|78fi«0 40
' 7*725 20!78945 20!78973 40
i 7SOO4 20790CS 20179031 40
i 79062 2O'7»O72 40700S6 100
: 7ftl .S." 20170173 ..... 40'79."5S4 20
i 79405 20*70602 20170640 20
j 7&703 20;79851 40:79909 20
TIjE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', -MONDAY, • DECEMBER- 28, 1903.
7
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
_,. ¦ ¦
Mary (minor), 16 Broderick
St.. S. F: 202 24
Total J23.4S1 56,
State of California. City and County of
San Francisco — ss. . .
I do solemnly swear that I have a per-
sonal knowledge of the matters contained
in the foregoing statement, and that
every allegation, statement, matter and
thing therein contained, is- true, to the
best of my knowledge and belief.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 7th day of December. 1903 .
GEO. T. KNOX. Notary Public.
In and for the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California.
\ pictures!
£ Carefully Selected and Proper-
" ly Framed. i '@
f CANDELABBA N j
k Gold Plated. Silver Plated and
r Old Brars Finish. *£|
i Candle Shades
S Silk, Linen and Paper. A
7a CALENDARS and %
Kj CHRISTMAS CARDS J
& OPEN EVENINGS. . A
H GALLAGHER BROS, 3
p- 27 GRANT AYS. jk
PfliflfP DON'T FAIL TO
I U1UWV 8ee ihc beautiful
« COURT Lounging
/inn room, the EMPIRE
UUU PARLOR, the
f> * PALM ROOM, the
liniflU LOUIS XV PAR-
A11U11U LQR jmd the LA _
II J. 1~ DIES* WRITING
Botels room
OCEAN TEAVEL.
® Steamers leave San Fran-
elf co as follows:
For Kctchikan, Wrangel.
Juneau, Ilaines, Skaguay.
etc., Alaska— 11 a. m.. Dec.
IT. 22. 27. Jan. 2. Chan*»
to company's steamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. WhatCom — 11 a. m.. Dec. 17.
22, 27. Jan. 2. Chane* at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Vaacouver
to C. P. Railway. ; ..
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomona 1:30
p. m.. Dec. 18, 24. 30, Jan. 3; Corona. 1:30 p.
m., Dec. 21, 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Dleeo and Santa Barbara—
Santa Roea. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9. a. m.
For Los Aneelea (via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon." Cayucoa. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Dec. 19, 27. Jan. 4.
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. Dec. 23. 31. Jan. 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Pai. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mei.). 10 a. rn.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sall-
Ine dates.
TICKET OFPXCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office, 10 Market street.
C D. DUN ANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Dec. 29. Jan. 8. IS. 2S.
Feb. 7 17 and 27; "George "W. Elder" sails
Dec 24 Jan. 3. 13 23. Feb. 2. 12 and 22.
Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and
short rail line from* Portland to all points
East. Through tickets to all points, all rail ,
or steamship and rail, at LOWEST RATES.
Steamer tickets Include berth and meals.
Steamer sails foot of Spear st-. at 11 a. m. 9.
F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass Dept.. 1 Mont-
gomery st.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Freight
D«pt.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brar.nan streets at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S 8. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila)
Wednesday. December 30. 1903
S S AMERICA MARU
Monday January 23 1904
8. s! 'HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday February 17 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Cora-
cany'a office 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
yvvauiyq«u>»v» 0lgJCT loMM1TU
S S SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Dec 31. 2 p. m.
S. S MAR1POSA. for Tahiti. Jan. «. 1904.
S. ".^ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Jan. 0. 1904,
4J. mSm ft SMS. 0., Ijii. . TfeW 0Rta.S43 brfcia
f.TiS&t.&UiS KirkttSL.Pitrli. I.PidbiL
C0MPAG5IE 6ENEBALB TRANSAn.AHTIQrjB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. JT<»~.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of j^SS?
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. **™*a*
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. *43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
pan' ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUQAZI *. CO.. Pacific Coasi
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets «old by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamer*).
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE- or MONTICELLO—
9-45 a m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. »:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. rn., 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 60 cents TeL
Main IMS. rier 2 , Misalon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
AMUSEMENTS.
The season's greetings we extend
To our many friends so true;
Make your happiness complete
By seeing —
1 "I-O~U"
The Gem of Musical Comedies.
¦ OUR ALL-STAR CAST, INCLUDING: Kon>
and Dill. Allen Curtis, Wlnfleld Blake. Ben T.
Dillon.' Maude Amber, Georgia O'Ramey. The
Althea Twins and our chorus of fifty beautiful
voices.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
ExkPa Matinee Ne\v Year's
Racing Igffiii^llaciiijr!
EVERT "WEEK DAT. RAIN OR SHINS.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
INGLESIDE TRACK
Commencing MONDAY. December 14.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races start at 2 p. m. sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part of the city.
Train leaves -Third and Townsend streets at
1:15 p. m. and leaves the track immediately
after the last race. No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved for ladies and their
escorts.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BIENNIAL STATEMENT !
THE HIBERNIA SAVINGS
AND LOAN SOCIETY
JIade In accordance with an act of the
State Legislature, passed March 23, 1803.
and hereto annexed, to wit:
"The people of the State of California,
reprasented in Senate and Assembly, do
enact as follows:
"Section 1. The cashier or secretary of
every savings bank, savings and loan so-
ciety and every institution in which de-
posits of money are made and interest
paid thereon, shall, within fifteen days
after the 1st day of December, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-three, and within fifteen days of
the 1st day of December of each and
everv second succeeding year thereafter,
return to the Board of Bank Commis- j
sioners a sworn statement, showing the
amount standing to his credit, the last
known place of residence or Postofflce
address, and the fact of death if known
to said cashier or secretary, of every de-
positor who shall not have made a de- '
posit therein, or withdrawn therefrom
any part of hi3 deposit, or any part of
tho interest thereon, for the period of
more than ten years next preceding;
and the cashiers and secretaries of such
savings banks, savings and loan socie-
ties and institutions for deposit of sav-
ings shall give notice of these deposits
in one or" more newspapers published in i
or nearest to the city, city and county or ;
town where such banks are situated at
least once a week for four successive
weeks, the cost of such publications to
be paid pro rata. out of said unclaimed de-
posits; provided, however, that this act
shall not apply to -or affect the deposit ;
made by or in the name of any person
known to the said cashier or secretary
to be living, any deposit which with the
accumulations thereon shall be less than
150.
"Ser. 2. The Board of Bank Commis-
sioners shall incorporate in their subse-
quent report each return which shall
have been made to them, as provided in
section 1 of this act.
"Sec. 3. Any cashier or secretary of
either of the banking institutions men-
tioned in section 1 of this act neglecting
or refusing' to make the sworn state-
ment required by said section 1 shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor."
In accordance with the foregoing the
following statement is submitted," as ap-
pears from our ! books at close of busi-
ness on the 1st Day of December, A. D.
1903. to wit:
Name and Address — Amount.
Aguiar, Laura G., 417 Pacific
St., S.. F . . . , $116 65
Anderson, Bernhard, North Pa- ¦
cine Hotel, cor. Jackson and
Drumm sts., S. F 1 335 76
Barrett, Milton. Bodie. Cal 368 46
Bittencurte. Manuel de S., 418
Drumm St., S. F 53 59
Brady, P. F.. S. F.. Cal 281 09
Bryson, Mary, 223 Beale St.,
S. F 114 60
Buckley, Christopher A., 238
. Kearny St., S. F 52 91
Buckley, Michael. Mendocino,-
Cal 324 14
Burke. Ann. 223 Sixth St., S. F. 57 50
Callahan, Jerry, Western Ho-
tel, Broadway, S. F 63 24
Cardenos, Jennie, Menlo Park,
San Mateo County, Cal 54 88
Casey. Eliza, 567 Minna st., ,
S. F. : 83 50
Cavanagh. John, 744 Mission
St.. S. F 1,228 61
Clark, Bridget, San Francisco,
Cal " 52 56
Connon, George, 144 Eleventh
3t., S. F 52 .1
Corbett. Richard, Tucson, A. T. 5.648 62
Curley. Margaret. Agnewa
Asylum, Santa Clara Co.,
Cal 152 16
Daly, Bridget A., San Francis-
co, Cal . 54 71
Daly. Maria, San Francisco,
Cal J 71 39
Delaney, Stephen; San Fran- '
Cisco, Cal 206 41
Donahue, J. Mervyn, San Ra-
fael, Cal 1,034 89
Donovan. John, 419 Stevenson
St., S. F 560 31
Dugan, John S.. Helena, Mont. 584 26
Dunsford. John, Howard St.,
bet. Fifth and Sixth. S. F... 60 09
Edwards, Thomas M., San Ma-
. teo. Cal 77 91
Ericson, August, 228 Pacific st.,
S. F 142 82"
Foster,' James "VV., care Frank
O'Neall. Wickham. Newcas-
tle, N. S. W.. Australia 185 44
Frodsham. Charles, or Mrs.
Charles Frodsham, 1815
Powell St.. S. F 51 85
Gainey. Elizabeth M., 141
Fourth St.. S. F 67 98
Graham, James, Truckee. Cal.. 411 33
Griffin. Mrs. Hannah, 3 Larkin
St., S. F 167 89
Herod. George, 32 Second St.,
S. F. 65 31
Hession. Patrick, 16 Natoma
St., S. F 1,275 65
Higgins, "Owen C, Lime Point,
Cal-. 157 27
Hogan, Thomas, steamer "Peli-
can".. 122 24
Hume, Henry, 260 Minna St.,
S F 780 68
Ingemanson, Jons, 238 Steuart
St.. S. F 54 31
Justi. Libbie, 1003 Valencia st..
S. F 52 11
Kane. Michael. 752 Railroad
ave., Alamcda. Cal 68 54
Kuster. Anna B.. Brooklyn. Cal. 594 71
Lally. Delia, 55 Bryant st., *
S. F. * 335 05
Lawlor, Thomas, American
Exchange Hotel, S. F 694 24
Lovinburg, Harriett, 20 Russ
St.. S. F : 474 09
Lynch, Cornelius, 928 — Fif-
teenth st. S. F 79 31
Manchen, Ella, 318 Kearny St.,
S. F 247 93
Manning, John F., 1006 Nato-
ma St.. S. F 51 27
Matthews. John. Wide way.
East Berkeley, Cal 204 57
Mellor, Henry, 23 Natoma St.,
S. F. .*..".. 179 80
Muir, Mary or David, San
Jose, Cal 59 07
Mulholland. James. Fourth and
Townsend sts.. S. F 1,234 34
Murphy, Thomas, Portland, Or.' 1,082 07
McCauley. Henry, Egan Can-
yon. Nev 58 26
McCoy. Ellen, Vacaville, Cal.. o7 70
McGauley, Stephen. 416 Teha-
ma St.. S. F.. 153 59
McT-Tipany. John, 117 Drumm
st. S. F 57 63
Nolan, Mary. 1512 Mission St..
S. F 211 62
Norton. Thomas, 2921 Mission
St.. S. F 157 56
O'Brien, Dennis. Point Reyes,
Cal 22 06
O'Connor, Maria, 2015 Mission
St., S. F 201 01
Olsen. Andrew, 12 Jackson st.
S. F 307 26
-O'Neill, Ann. 18 Clara St.. S. F. 517 59
O'Nell, Mary, Alameda Point
Cal 79 50
O'Reilly, Elizabeth (minor),
741 Harrison St.. S. F 106 48
O'Reilly. Farrell J.. 741 Harri-
son St., S. F '. 63 18
Pacific Coast Quarrymen's
Protective Union. Penryn,
Cal \ 86 05
Pettitt. Catherine, 108 Bernard
St., S. F • 62 69
Pevfde, Antonio da Costa. 315
Drumm St.. S. >F 980 13
Plover. Patrick. San Francisco,
Cal • • 32769
Raynor, Henry. Washington
•square. West End. S. F 53 29
Reilly. John. Fort McDermltt,
Nev.. .269 23
Richter, Otto. 22 Turk St..
S. • F. - 60 50
Samuelson. Edwin, 15 Howard "
st., S. F - 608 06
Sheehan, John, 316 Bryant st;,
S. F. ¦....• :. 169 28
Silvera, Manuel L., 116 Jack-
son St.. S. F - 878 20
Sullivan, Catherine, 830 Pacific
.St., S. F... ... 308 95
Sullivan. Mrs. Hanora. or Jos-
eph Sullivan (minor), 237 ;
Minna st.. S. F 69 16
Sullivan, Patrick. 12 Eighth *
st- S. F...... -76 44
Sullivan, Timothy, San Fran-
cisco. Ca).. .... ; 345 77
Sweeney. Myles D., southwest -/•¦/•¦*. c
cor. , Broadway and Mason
ats.; S. F.. . . . 224 61
Thingler, Janette, San Fran-
cisco, Cal...... : 77 65
Whippey. George F.. Bait- Lake
City. Utah 1,01753
. Wrlsrht. Georeiana Elvira
AMUSEMENTS.
•
TO-NIGHT' SPECIAL MAT.
1 y-ilIUlI 1 • KEW YEARS.
Engagement Limited to Two Week*.
CHARLES FROIIMAN Presents
. Clyde Fitctv'a B«3t Play.
THE GIRL
WITH THE
V? S q SL. tL. 1 c eL. I L.\^
AComedy of Wit and Sentiment.
GREAT CAS^TcTsc^^vorI
ITES Including IDA- CONQUEST ROBERT
DROUET. Mrs. THOMAS WHIFFEN.
GRACE HEXDSRSOX ami othera.
bp^ THE LAUGHING HIT
s ARE Fonnlest n
y YOU Farce M
% MASON? i Y8ars * fe
Special Matinee New Year's. L
a 'Next— HAPPT HOOLIGAN. P
TIVOL1S55&
"OH! BE CABE-PU1.:"
And Do Not Miss the
Magnificent Production of the Holiday Spec-
tacle.
IXION
Or "THE W3EELMAN."
A Mythological Musical Extravaganza la
Three Acts.
See Both-well Browne's Beautiful Ballets.
Snecial Matin*? New Year's.
USUAL POPULAR PRICKS— 2.V. SCc and T5o
Proscenium and Mezzanine Bjx Seats. ...$1 CO
SXATXNXSS
HEW TSAB'S DATT ABS 8ATUMAT.
Immen3» Success of the 1'ecullar Comedian.
W. B. PATTON
And Ilia Excellent Company in the Beautiful
THE MINiSTER'S SON
Beslnnirc Next Sunday Matinee.
JOE KELLY. "The Pise Dreamer," la
THE '- EADWAITERS
pnircc kveninhs 15c, S3c, .'{*¦. t.-vj
rilltlj MATINEES IV. 2oo. 5*V>
SECOND and LAST WEEK of the
GREAT ORPHEUM
ROAD SHOW
change: of programme
And Augmented by •
Victor— MOORE and LITTLEFI ELD — Emma
In an Amusing and Original Creation.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEAR"S.
Reserved Peats. 2.V: Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
' * nd Opera Chaire, 50c.
¦ ' ' •
i « tt £•** a rr a TT^ Belasco & Mayer,
Al IA/AK Prrprletors.
ALL, AL Ail c £ l £ a p 2Sir .
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
EXTRA MAT. NEW YEAR'S.
13 Li vJ IH Ezcrrnro
G3EAT
JEANS **™" a * a "
GREAT CAST— WONDERFUL REALISM.
Evenings. 25c to 75c; Matinees, 13c to 50c.
Next Mob.— First Tim<! In Stock.
The Komantio Conv-dy by Frances Hodgson
A LADY OF QUALITY
Julia Arthur's Greatest Succewa
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT— NEW YEAR'S WEEK.
Mati. New Year's, ?at. and Sun.
Magnificent Production of the Greatest of All
Rural Dramas,
THE DAIRY FARrt\
The Charming Romance. of Sleepy Hollow.
Overflowing With Genuine American Wit ana
Humor.
Special Engagement of the Stars of the Or-
iginal Cast.
TONY WEST. THEODORE ROOK. SARAH
WARD. HELEN HARTLEY.
Who Have Appeared In the Famous Play Over
1000 Times.
DDfrCC Evenings 10c to 50o
iKlvto Matinees 10c. 15c. 25a
January 4— MONTE CRI5TO.
BIO CHBISTMA3 E7ECTACX2.
THE BBITTOK3.
And a Great Sfcow Every Af teraocc aaft
Evening 1 In the Heated Tncatex.
TWIN SISTERS IN THE INFANT INCUBA-
TORS.
Presents from Christmas Tree for Al!
Children Every Afternoon Dur-
ing the Holidays.
AMATETJK HIOHT THUB3DAY.
Admission. 10c. Children. Sc.
. - _
. .. — — —
%Jr FAVORITE
PSCRIPTION
1 M FOR WEAK WOMEN.
•okT^-vrvT S. ar.d G. Boots and Shoes.
l%| I § [XI • Warranted waterproof. For
A \J A Hunters. Surveyors. Mln-
. „_ _ , er» etc. S«nd for catalog.
A OH A SHREVES. BARBER CO.
r\.\F KJ f^. 739 Market St.. & T.
weeklTcall
16 Pages. §1 pep Ycap
( PLACE YOUH OBQEJS SEABLY*) '
I COOK BOOK
Another shipment will
arrive about January 21,
1904.
In order to satisfy th«
demand for this premium
we have ordered another
carload of these books,
aud all persons sending to
The Cook Book Depart-
ment of this paper' a six
montlis' subscription to
The Daily and Sunday
Call may secure one of the
Twentieth Century Cook *
Books | at the premium
rate of 50c.
| Out-of-town subscribers should remit |
¦ 20c additional to prepay transportation 1Germany has on an average of S06 or
chard trees to the square mile. • ;
ALBANY. N. Y.. Dec. 27.— The New
York State Department of Labor, In
its bulletin issued to-night for the
quarter ending , October 1, reports a
great increase in membership and in
unions established. At the end of
September the Bureau of Labor statis
tics-registered 2582 trade unions in
this State, this being an increase of
225 over the number six months pre
vious. The total membership is 395,
756, an increase of 38,634. ¦ New York
City gained 24,361, or Ill3 per cent in
membership.
Increase In Labor Unions.
".Hornets — Williamson, goal; Ew
bfcnks. right left; Mildred, left half;
Pomeroy, right forward; Bird, center
forward; McKay, left forward; <Jon
liolly. outside right; - Smith, inside
right; Shane, center forward; McKen
zie. inside Jeft; Colchester, . outside
left
OAKLAND. Dec. 27.— The Pick
wicks defeated the Oakland Hornets
at. association football by a score of 5
to 4 this afternoon in Idora Park,
after an exciting struggle. Up to a
few minutes before the call of time in
ih* second half the'score was 2 to 2,
and it seemed it would b<» another tie
same. By some adroit playing, how
ever, the Pickwicks managed to 'kick
another goal just before the end and
won the day.
The Pickwicks scored twice in the
first half and thrice In the second,
while the Hornets scored twice in
each half. The men were'lined up in
the following order: .-. s
Pickwicks — W. Bowcock. goal;
Todd. rjgrht half; Bouton, left half;
Fi:rber. right forward; James, center
forward; A. Bowcock, left ¦ forward;
Robertson, outside right; Walters, in
side right; Cowan, center forward;
Khedden, inside left; Murdock, outside
litft..
PICKWICKS VICTORIOUS
OVER OAKLAND HORNETS
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 27.— H. K.
Pancoast, skiographer of the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, has discovered
that it is possible by means of the
X-ray to bo bleach the skin of a negro
that, to all intents and purposes, the
subject becomes a white person. The
condition of a person so treated is ap
parently permanent.
This discovery was made incidentally
while ¦ negroes were being treated in
the university for cancer and lupus,
and while r.o attempt has been made
so far to experiment with the skin of
a healthy negro, Dr. Pancoast says it
is possible to change the color.
The skin of a negro who has been
under the X-ray is quite like that of
the ordinary white man and presents
a perfectly healthy appearance. The
skin is natural, despite the fact that
the rays have destroyed the pigment
which caused the coloring.
Special Dijp«tch to The Call
Philadelphia Scientist Says
He Can Alter the Human
Skin From Black to White
He went on the road in thd morning
and lounged about during the after
noon, keeping as much as possible out
of -(he public eye. He gavs out his
weight as 13O',i pounds. He. expects to
retire to-night at weight and counts
on being a pound lighter on Tuesday
morning. This is all the leeway he
wants in order to make the required
weight at 6 o'clock Tuesday evening.
Corbett has changed his point of view
of life noticeably since his last visit
here. Cupid, the god of love, is said
to have taken a hand in shaping his
future career. He has set his heart
on winning this fight and, possibly, one
other on this coast. He expects New
York to be open to the boxers next
winter and sees a golden harvest to be
garnered there if he can retain his
premier position among the little men.
Five miles on the road in the morn
ing and two hours of light work in his
gymnasium in the afternoon was the
extent of Eddie Hanlon's training at
his camp in Alameda. He took his
early spin in company with Harry
Foley, who has watched the little fel
low's training: with an eagle eye for
the last five weeks. In the afternoon
Eddie was visited, by. 500' persons from
this side of the bay. He punched the
bag, skipped the rope and knocked cut
imaginary Young Corbetts for their
entertainment, and was then given his
usual rubdown. Hanlon will do noth
ing in the training line to-day outside
of, light roadwork. To-morrow he will
again take to the highways for a
breathing spin, and after returning will
rest up until it is time to start for this
city. ... . . .
The opinion of betting men is that
Corbett will be a six to ten choice to
night when \ragering ceases. They base
this opinion on the ease with which *he
has made the stipulated weight, thus
guaranteeing that he is in condition for,
a hard fight. Then there is the con
stantly^ recurring question of "class."
This is defined as a quality which gives
to the man, horse or dog possessing it
the ability to do a little better than
an opponent at" a critical stage of any
contest. Since he won the champion
ship Corbelt has shown this "class" in
a marked degree. • It mattered no^ how
Champion Corbett and Eddie Hanlon,
challenger for the coveted title, were
the center of admiring throngs yes
terday at their respective training
quarters. Hanlon, with his epacious
gymnasium, was able to give his
friends a view of him in action. Cor
bett was unable to do this, as he was
afraid his visitors might wreck his
quarters.
The dogs which ran into 'the big
money were required to show great
stamina, as all the trials Were severe
and furnished exciting sport. The at
tendance wa3 large and the betting
spirited throughout the day. The
results in detail, with Judge Thomas
Tierney's official scores, follow:
O»en stake: Second round — Golden Rule
beat J B H. 7-6: VVedgewood beat Dorothy M.
7-4; Miss Wilson beat Keta S, 0-S; Equator
beat Gold Lily. ltT-7; Rag Time beat Hap
hazard. ,8-6; Texas Betty beat Irish Led, 3-2;
Pure. P«sarl beat Oomique. 8-6; Kecklecs Acro
bat beat Lulu Girl. ,5-1; Frisco Lad beat Pac
in* Billy. 20-11; Menlo Prince, beat L.ily York,
lfl-7: Cloudburst beat Concor«-Boy, 24-2; Llf
tl<5 Plunger beat F.lack Flush, 9-8; Our Mot
to beat Money Musk. T2-Q; Frisky Barbara
beat Idaho Boy. 11-0; Texas Hoo Hoo beat
Jingle Bell*. 4-0: Little Lucy beat Rose ! of
Gold. C-2: Royal Friend beat Flora Belle, 24-1;
Ragged Actor beat Queen's Motto. 11-9; Gen
eral De Wet beat Meddlesome, 0-8; Margaret
beat Lady Granard, 4-1; Tho Referee beat
Prometheus, <18-9; Troublesome 'beat Jossle
Dear. • 7-0; Northern Alarm ' beat- Free Born,
11-0.
Third round— Wedgewood beat Golden Rule,
0-3; Miss Wilson beat Equator 0-4; Rag- Time
beat Texas Betty. 4-3; Reckless Acrobat beat
Comlque. 10-9; . Menlo Prince beat Irish Lad,
11-9; Cloudburst beat Little Plunger 16-11;'
Our Motto beat Maid or Gowrle. ltf-14; Texas
Hoo Hoo beat Frisky Barbara 8-6; Little
Lucy beat Royal Friend; 19-7: Ra* K ed Actor,
beat General De Wet. 13-6; The Referee beat
Margaret. 19-16; Troublesome a bye. •
Fourth round — Wedgewood beat Mies Wil
son. 9-3; Reckless Acrobat beat Rag Time
11-S: Cloudburst beat Menlo Prince 15-8-Tex
as Hoo Hoo beat Our Motto' 10-.3- Ragged Ac
tor beat Little .Lucy. ll-2;' Troublesome beat
The Referee. 10-8.
Fifth round— Reckless Acrobat beat Wedire
wood. 14-7; Texas- Hoo Hoo. a bye; Ragged
Actor beat Troublesome. 22-1. ' **«s cu
Sixth. round — Reckless' Acrobat, a bye- Raz
ited Actor, a bye. . ¦» ¦. . °
Deciding course— Reckless Acrobat beat Rae
ged Actor. 7-3. ... >
Reckless AcrobatSand Hagged Actor,
two greyhounds, from the kennels of
James Sweeney, carried off the hon
ors yesterday at Ingleslde Coursing
Park. In the deciding course Reck
less Acrobat was the .victor' over his
kennel mate.
CHAMPION AND CHALLEN
GER FOR THE TITLE AS
THEY APPEAR NOW.
James Sweeney's Beckless Acro
bat and Bagged Actor Kun
One, Two at Ingleside Park
KENNEL MATES
DIVIDE STAKES
X-RAYS CHANGE
NEGRO'S COLOR
Thistles — Goal keeper, Lowe; left
back. Tierney; right back, Forrest;
left halfback, McGregor; center, half
back. Taylor; right halfback, Duncan;
outsido left. R. Disher: inside left,
F. Disher: center forward, T. S. Ly
dori: inside right, A. Disher; outside
right. J. Smith.
Occidentals — Goal keeper, Chievers;
left back, Lloyd; right back, Roberts;
left halfb.ick. Higgins; center half
back, McCarty; right halfback. Bow
den; outside left, Frank Holland; in
side left, Evans; center forward, P.
Lydon; inside right. F. Robertson;
outside right, Vincent Holland.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 27.— Xot once did
the Occidentals have a chance to
store a goal in their game with the
crack Thistles in the association foot
ball game played this afternoon on the
Webster-street field. The losers
were outclassed and at times their
opponents toyed with them. When
the referee sounded his whistle for
the close of the second half the Occi
dentals were the possssors of a goose
egg and the Thistles were five to the
good. Two of the victors* goals were
kicked in the first half and three in
the second half. The clever passing
and team work of the winners was
the best witnessed on the srounds this
season. So systematically and scien
tifically was it done that the Occi
dentals wore often puzzled and be
wildered at their, opponents' tactics.
At no stag-e of the play was it neces
sary for the Thistles to extend them
selves and they kept the pigskin
sphere constantly in the Occidentals'
territory. It was the first appearance
of the Thistles on the Webster-street
field and their brilliant work highly
pleased the large crowd that watched
the contest. The elevens lined up
as follows:
Winners Puzzle the Losers by Tricky
Passing: of the Ball and by
Superior Team Work.
THISTLKJs OUTCI^ASS
OCCIDEXTAJj ELEVEX
Tilth. Sace— Jane Eolly, Pierce J, Em
sbee.
Sixth Ua.ce — I.acy. Crawford, Jockey
Club, Fcrert Klsff.
S:xth rare- -r >ne mile ani seventy yarde;
felling; 3-\ear-oi<3» and upward:
tStUiAcy Crawford «B. Schrelber) 93
'.r.iK Mwhanuj <T. T. Rector* 113
Una I'nugxr <KHinder & Bumri 110
(F313|*Jockrr <;iub iVC. Finher) 09
T4V. PMM^o «.Ienninca & Co.) 101
T,Z"T, -Fort*t Kln« <P. I. Jonfit Ill
•Arr»reMice allowance.
?EOBABLE WX2TVEKS.
First Ilace— Prectaao. Snark, Card-
TreUtca.
Seccafl B&ce — The Mirhtx, StaaOard,
ZIoceo.
Third B&ce — Fort Wayne, Quiet, SXatt
rourth Eace — I O IT. Xllowaio, Flaa.
The closing week of the present meet
ing at Ir-gleslde race course is expected
to produce some interesting i=port, a6
h. fine programme has been arranged.
The feature event will be the New
Year handicap, at a mile and a furlong,
to be run on Friday. As the same
.horse? that competed in the Christmas
»riardicap are eligible, a high-claes field
should face the barrier. The list in
cludes Proper, Nones. Oaryman,
<*laude. Fossil, Divina. Faulconbridge,
.Arabo, Eonlc. Daisy Green. Ix>rd Me!
t'ourr.<?. Beau Ormonde. Koniton. Epi
cure, Argrcgor. Yellow Tail and Major
Tenny.
There will be a $1000 handicap to
irorrow for zll ages at a mile and a
sixteenth.
James* Davis, the bookmaker, leaves
to-day for Ncv York.
Th» victory of Proper in th» Christ
mas handicap plated Walter Jennings '
st th» head of the list of winning own- j
rrs, his total being JS721. Parker &
Thvaites are second with 55323. while
Barney Bchrdber is a close third, with
$5311. More than JlOi.,000 has been dis
tributed by th^ New California Jockey
Club. The principal winners are:
W. B Jfniirps. J«72t : Tartar A- TbwmltW.
$SZX»: B. i=ehrcil~r. {5.111: M J. Daly. *3«7O;
« jK'Fer VounK S.5^25; T G. F*rruson, $2743;
J.arrain'y Pros., S2T.73:' S S. Bender. f_'552:
P.urns A: KfetcrbOMe. $2520; H. StOfCr. S2O7S:
J. F. N>«m«n ¥2"<'7; K<atir.g & Co.. $11125:
.i J McAlestet *in:-: \\ . B. *?ink Jr.. *HS0;
V. rutwr. $:72.">: .lam»s Curl SlTOi: Mr?. J.
<*off<"y. #14*4: C Hanpel! S14C9; Boots & Hcl
iT.bc k $1411 • P. n>«n Jl.iTS; A F. DajrtM
A. Co» FU3A; F. I>vln (1300; \fSfm Jones.
SI34O; V.. P. Maerirj* &_ «>v. Sir.Ti; «\ K.
Murray & t>. fll'.'2; «" T. Henshall. $1CS1 ;
V. Gilbert flirt"; Slock'ton RsWc $10T>0: T.
CTW« fl"4.*.; a J. and Silas Jcm^». $1000;
.r WilkMfon $3SC; J D. Millln. $»4 r .; J. C.
N»alon $1)20;' D S Fountain. Jai6; H. Green.
IWH: Frank Do**. $115.*; J. W<xxi«. SS25; H.
W Hcajr. SS2.V F. J. OHourke. ?S25; J. M.
Cocr^r. $ s *>: Hamilton stables. SSW.
"ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Futurity courte; «eHlni;; &!! ag»F.
:t-> rtisia'.eo <£l*k!you Stable) 105
M62 Snark (D. P. Fountain) U'5
M'«i 'Rosfbud (E. Wh.ltn K»0
4f>;>o xor.'e (Gardea '¦'*> Stable) 103
WOOpttao <Mr*. H. Roblns.nt If5
r.V'T 'Wistaria «J. K. Bchfclf) S7
(."..Vi'-iOardwelUon <l\ Z. de Attna^t 1C5
l430B)PmtUM (W. F!fhert lC r >
JUSS2 Pr. «M. White* 105
TSlrt Hungarian (Dunn & Porter) 1C>
•VtSG Emily Oliver <R. Clark) 1C>
•Pruevrood <J. 3. McAIesten 10t» .
4«** Amoruna < P. McGulre) 102
Feiond race — Six furlongs; sellinc; two-vear
«ldi:
f.tsrdtrd <U 7. de Artnan) 1C2
MM Anir»«<l <*irs. J. CofTey) l<rj
iM3'^!Th» Mighty <T. G. Ferguson) 112
S479 •Telepho.'i* <B. A. Pmlth) i<*>
r-t'.rt *Hoceo «Burn* & Waterhouss>»
B&] 1 'Flea < V. Gilbert ) S7
.VV(7 Play Ball (M. J. I>aly» Id
f.523 "Ethel Abbott (Mrs. M.!l?r» C7
(81 •Tli» i "ure < W. Flshert 100
&«i:s Slirry <J. Coopert 105
Tfcird race — Futurity courtr; selling; al!
*¦ r « - :
I&'St Efferveyo^ri"* <Mn=. J. Coffey) 91
.'..V.'4 •Elfin Kin*,- <R. Curl) 104
• r V'4 Vel'.cwttor.e i W". P. Fine) 1 12
.'.."C-i C'uiet <H. E. BowelH 1<H
BSS1 Aunt Polly <Oraffo;i & Co.) HJ9
."¦!U* Pure I<ale 'Thrira* & Co. t 102
.... *Mary Dunn iPajtun t Co.l S2
I'i'iZ Idcgo (S. Kafouri K-j
«T..*£2)I-ui«»r» <J. t\'. PritcharCl 1W
sr,;« 't^.u:* Wagn<=r <McAll>ter & Co.) 107
rsfxi *Fi: rt Wayne*(A. Rosst ; Wt
hl'Zi Matt Hcgan iMasran? &. Co.* 10!)'
Fourth race — One mile; .-«:' re. 3-year-o'.ds
srd upward:
ZTAO Brissac ij Markleir.) 102
BS34 Illowaho «!T. Stover » 110
f-VX El Chihuahua <W. J. Fplers) 105
r,5<K» P«Ft Master <<" P. Fink) 1C2
r.V« Rurd"<?k <H. Parkfl 1C2
r.522 Illilouon i\\. 1». Randall) VXi
MOS G W Trahcrn (Kentucky Stable). . .102
f.536 *T>uf Martin >V Gilbert' 97
Mofc Err>edi<-nt <'P E. Smith) 1<12
MaS*PUa <«» Strobelt 87
S.VI7 -1 O V <C. W Chappelle) 103
r.Sir! Position <<_- Djrk«-e» ]O2
£3f» Mrrwan <J. J. McAleatet) lf»2
Fifth ta<e — Seven furiorjss : pellirg; all ag*»:
f.Vir, Pirrce J. <Mr«. H. Robinson) 1«
T.527 Avenper <J. F Schcrr) 01
«!iV!7>Crristellator <KeRtinjr & Co.) 109
KT.OJS IJidernt «.l P. Atkin) 1C5
RS08 Bill llSMte <J. J. McAlester) 105
f.44«i *Pfient Water <R A. Piriitht ; S.T
4.107 lUcsGrle <Hoots & Hollenbeck) 105
f..M* ET.shP* «F. H. Beli) lrtf)
M7-. Jane Hoi!/ <C Ycar»r) MS
P.'i27 •Sornen«?s iA. Jo*ephs) 101
.*ir.2fi Rrdwald «Ma>rrene & Co.) 109
M<:7 L>r. Ei*s?rlt <W Htmln(t*«v) 1'>O
(535«>Mi!<!red ?chultz <H. I. U'ileon) 1C5
Although Mr. Carolan scored no goals,
his play was unusually fine and he add
ed must strength to his side. It was
evident neither Driscoll nor Dunphy
was in his best form, for the odds were
in favor of their side w inning.
The game was umpired by Mr. Ezra,
a noted player from India, who en
forced the latest English rules, the first
time they have been used here. The
sides were as follows:
Whites— F. J. Carolan, R. M. Tobin,
C. Raoul-Duval. J. Lawson.
Reds— Charles Dunphy, T. A. Driscoll,
E. W. Howard. Lawrence McCreery.
If enough ponies are available three
teams will be entered for the big New
Year's event to come off next Friday.
That the Whites' score was not larger
was due chiefly to E. W. Howard, who
Etopped the ball frequently just at their
goal. Tobin and Lawson made two
EToais each for the Whites, while the
two for the Reds were made by Law
rence McCreeryJ
The holiday po!o match on the private
Held of Francis J. Carolan, master of
Crossways, yesterday, was marked by
unusual severity of play and by d. stub
born contest for supremacy. There
were six periods of ten minutes each
scheduled, but by an oversight of the
timekeeper most of them were consid
erably longer. This made hard work
for both players and ponies.
The score was four goals to two in
favor of the Whites.
Final Week at Inglcside Will
Be Marked by Excellent
Sp Or t — Big Race on Friday
Contest Is Marked by Unusual
Severity of Play* Each
Side Disputing Every Inch
FAMOUS RIDER AS UMPIRE
PARKER & THWAITES NEXT
Victory of Proper Gives the
Popular Turfman a Strong
Lead Over Other Stables
Whites Defeat the Rods on the
Field of Francis . j. Caro
lan by Four Goals to Two
Young Corbett Will Probably Be a More Pronounced Favorite Than
-Was at First Expected, Having Made the Required Weight
Easily — Quarters of the Featherweights Are Thronged .-Daily
RICH PISES
FOR JENNINGS
POLO PLATERS
IN FAST GAME
INDEPENDENTS
BEAT VAMPIRES
CROWN BREMER
SHOOTING KING
Scores the Best Bullseye at Clos
ing Contest of the Golden
Gate Rifle, and Pistol Club
San Francisco Players Win
in an Association Football
31atch From Alameda Men
FAST AND EXCITING GAME
FAKTOR IS IN GREAT FORM
Losers Have Best of Play
in the First Half — Winners
Stronger in the Last Period
JIakes the Highest Three Con
secutive Strings of Ten
•Shots Each During- the Year
In a hard and fast game of associa
tion football the Independents of San
Francisco defeated the Vampires of
Alameda two goals to none yesterday
on the Presidio Athletic Grounds.
The ball was kicked off at 2:35 p. m..
the Vampires defending the north and
the Independents the south goal. The
Vampires had the wind in their favor.
but the sun was in their faces. From
the start the Vampires played a fast
game and ke?t the ball in their op
ponents' territory most of the time.
Three fine shots were pent straight for
the middle of the goal, but Forbes kept
them all out. After fifteen minutes'
play the Independents rushed the ball
down the field and scored a goal from a
scrimmage.
In the second period the Independ
ents had the best of the play, getting
several corner kicks and keeping the
Vampires' goal constantly In danger.
About the middle of the period one of
the Fay brothers made a shot at goal.
Airth touching the ball with his fingers
but being unable to save. Neither std^
scored again and thf* match ended
thus: Independents. - goals: Vampire?,
0. For the winners Lynch did good
work in the back line, Nolan on the
halfback line and Mechels and the Fay
brothers in the forward line. For th»
losers Pcterscn. Harwood. Langdale
and Wilding were most conspicuous.
The game was watched by a crowd of
highly interested spectators. The ref
eree was Arthur Robinson. The teams
lined up In the following positions:
Vampires. Position*. ¦ Independents.
Airth Goalkeeper Forr»*
I'etersen Left back L.yn<«h,
Martin Hi*h: hack Armstrong
Langtia;* I-*ft halfback..' McOra.v
Harwood Center halfback Nolan
Glarner Right halfback Owen*
Wildlr.K .". . OutsHde left Rus»e!l
Kay Inside left E. Fay
Turner «>nt»r forward Wart
Phowell In*M* rlcbl Mech'U
Euchiy Outside right ....T. Fay
BOATS WRECKED
BI ICE GORGES
Packet Steamboat Sunk in the
Ohio Eiver and Many Other
Steamers Are in Danger
CLOSE MATCHES
ON THE COURTS
Schmidt and Bolfe With Allen
and Hill Remain for Finals
of Tennis Doubles Tourney
CINCINNATI. Dec. 27.— The packet
steamboat W. H. Graham was sunk at
the public landing here to-day by an
ice gorge, being the second boat sunk
here by ice within a week. With mov
ing ice ten feet thick, other craft and
wharf boats are in danger. The loss
of the Graham, including cargo, la
about $10,000.
The rise in the river in connection
with heavy ice from the gorges caused
more than $100,000 of other damage In
this harbor to-day. The largest loser
was the Cincinnati Gas Company.
Twenty-five of its barges loaded with
coal were broken from moorings, eight
of which were caught and seventeen
lost. Seven barges at the new city
water works were also carried away,
but afterward caught.
Thft Idler, a pleasure excursion
steamer owned by a club, was ground
to pieces by the ice here to-night, after
having broken from her moorings. Loss
$5000.
As the ice i3 passing out nearly all
the coal fleets have lost barges. Still
greater damages are expected in the
lower Ohio. The greatest gorge in the
Ohio is at North Bend. It la many
miles long and when it breaks the
craft in the lower Ohio will be in dan
ger.
PITTSBURG. Dec. 27.— The recent
cold snap has made dangerous the ice
in the Alleghany River. At Rosston
the gorge is an immense affair, being;
packed to the bottom and extending
fifteen miles up stream. It was formed
during a thaw; and the ice breaking
into small. pieces has packed all the
way to the bottom, offering resistance
that can scarcely be overcome. The
water is now backing up and spread
ing over the lowlands.
The gorge at Springdale still holds
and but little ice is floating in either
the Alleghany or Monongahela rivers.
The event of the day at Shell Mound
Park ranges yesterday was the final
shJot for the year of the Golden Gate
Rifle and Pistol Club.
/ s the maker of the best bullseye
would be declared king of the club for
the ensuing year, chief Interest centered
in this competition. The honor fell to
Otto Bremer with almost a center shot.
Frank E. Maeon led all competitors In
the expert rifle class with the fine score
of 2240 rings in his best ten-shot scores
for the year. He was closely followed
by Al Gehret with 2209. In the expert
pistol class J. E. Gorman was far la
the lead with 911 rings, his nearest fol
lower, being J. Kullman with 876.
In the- re-entry match among the ex
pert riflemen Al Gehret stands high
with 2273 rings, D. B. Faktor 2253 and
CM. Henderson 2245 for their best ten
strings.
In the monthly re-entry match D. B.
Faktor did great work with the rifle,
making 22?, 228 and 223 in his three ten
shot scores, being the best three con
secutive strings made during the year.
The club terminated the yearly con
test by giving a banquet in the large
hall of Shell Mound Park. M. J. White
acted as toastmaster and distributed
the prizes to the fortunate winners. W.
F. ' Blasse ¦ was presented with a silver
cup for securing the most members.
Ben Jonas received a like token for
meritorious services.
The other societies to take part in
the 'day's proceedings were the San
Francisco Schuetzen Verein. Germania
Schuetzen Club, Norddeutscher Schuet
zen Company and Company G, First
Infantry Regiment.
In the monthly medal competition of
Company G James Dolan was high with
the good score of 45 points. He was
closely pressed by W. KysTi with 44 to
his credit. Following are the scores:
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club: termina
tion of annual »hoot: Expert rifle class--
Frank E. Mwon 2240. Al Gehret 2209. first
clats-C^orse Tammeyer 214S M. F. Blim
2148. Second class — Max Kolander 2C«. Eraile
Woenne 1954. '¦¦* , _ _
flub trophies— Expert pistol. J. E. Gorman,
Oil: first class. J. Kullmann. 876: «econd class.
J. R. Treto. 870; third class, W. F. Bla«s«.
Re-entry match: Expert rifle — Al Gehret
227S. D. B. Faktor 2253. C. M. Henderson
2245. Fir«t class— M. F. Blasse 2207 W . F.
BUss* 2005. Second class— Max Kolander 2106.
Emlle Woenne 2004.
Expert pistol— J. E. Gorman 8SI. W. C.
Prichard 054. W. R. Proll t>46. P. A. Beckfr
P46. Flr«t class— J. R. Treso- 934. G. E.
FTahm 934 O. Armstron* 813, J. Kullmann
807. M J. White 892. *
Monthly medal competition: re-entry mat oh.
rifle: Expert class— D. B. Faktor. 229. 22*,
223; Al Gehret. 222. 223. 211. Second class—
M Kolander. 215. 201. 200; Emile Woenne.
191. 1S9. Club trophy— O. A. Bremer 221. F.
E. Mnwm 219. A. Ohrot 213, D. B. FaUter
212, C M. Hendemon 211. M. F. Blasse 2O>,
M Kolander 200. E. Woenne 173. V E. Ennlen
eler 136. Pistol club trophies — G. v E. Frahm
88.- W. F. Blass* 80. Re-entry match— G. E.
Frahm. 93. 90. 80: G. Hoadley. 89, *8. 87. 87.
86, SO. 83, S3. 83. 78: J. Kullmann. 86. 85: W.
F Blasse. S5. Revolver club trophies — J. E.
Gorman 82. J. R. Treso 82. Re-entry match
P A Becker, 92. 90; W. R. Proll. 00. 90. St>.
R9, 87; M. J. White, 90. 88. 83. Gold medal.
O A Bremer, 217; ellver medal. F. Klatzl,
131. 124; medal bars, M. Kolander, 215, 201,
200
¦ Germanl* Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye
shoot— F. E. Mason. 272: E. H. Goetze, 2S0;
AuguFt Jungblut, 356; D. B. Faktor. 373:
Otto Bremer, 412; John E. Klein. 641 : Char!e3
Thlerbach, C64: Louts Bendel. €03; F. P.
Schuster. 677: W. F. Blasse, 730; Al Gehret,
759: C. M. Henderson, 779; N. Ahrenp. 812.
Competition shoot— F. E. Mason, 223: Al
Gehret 222: M. F. Blasse. 214: F. P. Schuster.
210; M. Kolander, 208: N. Ahrens, 204.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, monthly
bullseye nhootlny— F. P. Schuster. 230: E.
Doell 350; Charles Thlerbach. 359; H. Stellin*.
390; F. Heino. 408: A. Schaefer. 420: R. Stet
tin. 490;. Captain J. Thode. 559; A. Hunte
mann -604; H. Huber. 610; I* Bendel. 772; A.
Westphal. 774; Auerust Brownlnc.. 755: D.
Dunker 804: George H. Bahrs. 810. J. Beut
tler 825- H. Zecker. 927; J. de Wit. 930; A.
Jungblut. 03S : D. Salneld. 1004.
Norddeutscher Scheutzen Club, monthly
medal jhoot— First champion class. Ft«rt P.
Schuster, 420 rings: second champion class.
Herman Huber.- 433: first-class. George H.
Bahrs. 3S8; second class. William C. Morkm.
393. Best first shot. Otto Lemcke. 23; b«st
last shot, W. C. Mocken. 25. •
Company O. First Infantry Resiment. N.
G . c.— Captain W. U Wall, 39 points: lieu
tenant-I,. Graham. 34: Sergeant W. Talbot,
42- Sergeant A. Ames. 31: Sergeant F. Owens,
3R| Corporal H. Tuggy, 36; Corporal' W. H.
Spllman. 37 :" Corporal - H.- -McSwe»«an. 22:
Corporal I* Ayhens. 24; Corporal E. I-evy. 32:
n Barrows 41: William Bradley. 25; James
DoUn «¦ S Dreyfus, 32; J. Palley. 29; .1.
»far*"v •»• O. Harris. 21; W. -Krsh. 44: W.
Kllppel 42 : M. J. Lyons. 43; Stephen Mills.
3S- ¦ W Sonm.n. 35r n. Weir. 40; A. G. Wil
son. 27; J. Whelan. 29; Musician A. Ames. 21.
The yearly medals were won as fol
lows:
' First-clas* medal. M. J. Lyons: second clas«.
Captain- William .Wall; third dais, Corpora!
H. Tusrsy.
The Germania Schuetzen Club has
decided to give its annual banquet as
usual the third Friday In January, at
which time several propositions in ref
erence to the shooting programme of
the next year will be- submitted. Presi
dent N. Ahrens has already made prep
arations for a successful meeting.
CHOIR WOULDN'T SING
WITHOUT ITS CAN'DY
Trainer Huggins Returns.
QUARANTINE," N. y:, Dec. 27.— John
W. • Huggins, trainer for the Whitney
stable In England, • arrived to-day on
the Mirinehaha from London. Mr. Hug
gins brought eight horses with him,
among them being Aceful, which was
taken from this country for the Eng
lish Derby, and Ravensteln, one of Mr.
Duryear's crack horses.
James Gordon Bennett Cup Race.
¦ BERLIN,' Dec. 27. — The automobile
races for the James Gordon Bennett
cup will take place June 17, 1904.
'. We are selling: agents for fountain
pens that will fit your hand. Cost from
SI 00 to $5.00 each. Good for New Tear's.
Sanborn, Vail & Co. . -.;;..• •
Pastor Criticizes .Mastication of
Sweets During Service and a
Strike Results.
MONTREAL. Que.. Dec. 27.— Melville
Church, the leading Presbyterian place
of worship in Westmount. the fashion
able residence suburb of Montreal, was
without the services of a choir to-day.
In his sermon on Christmas mornirss;
Rev. T. W. Winfleld, pastor of th.9
church, severely criticized the members
of the choir for eating candy durlns
the progress of the services. As a re
sult of the criticism a deputation from
the choir waited upon the reverend
gentleman on Saturday and requested
a'retraction. This he refused to make,
and as a result the choir without an
exception went out on strike.
PARIS Deo 2T. — At an extraordinary •**"
sion of the Sanat* to-day the tu-ige: esti
mates ¦were finally passed.
Harry Pollock, the clever sporting
editor of the New York Evening World
and manager of Young Corbett, arrived
here last" night to look after the cham
pion's interests. He brings word that
Jack Munroe, the Butte boxer, will be
here to-night, coming from Montana to
see the fight '. * - .........
poor his condition nor how good was
his opponent he has always • held his
own.
-It seems almost assured, that Han-
Ion will carry the fight to Corbett. He
felt the force of the champion's blows
once and while there will be immeas
urably more driving power behind
them on this occasion it will hardly
cost him a thought. He' has supreme
confidence In; his strength and in his
ability to assimilate punishment.
final of the -last tournament and the
semi-final of the one before.
The matches played yesterday result
ed as follows:
Ray Splivalo and Ray Ccrnsll (»eraich> b«at
C J." Smith and W. B. Collier (ow-» 5-6). C-3,
6-7 6-": Wll: Allen and I>r. Hill (owe 5-6) beat
Herbert Gray and Dan VoJkmann <36). 6-2.
C_N, 8-4; Herbert Schmidt and Harry Rolfe
(ow* 2-6) beat Frank Strlngham ani! Sidney
Salisbury (owe :>-«). 3-6. «-¦». , S-6; Allen and
Hill (owe .V6) beat Cornell and Splivalo
(scratch), 6-8. 8-6. S-G. .
There will be a class singles tourna
ment on the California Club courts New
Year's day. Entries will close Wednes
day. December 30. at 5 p. m., when ths
drawing will beheld.
The handicap doubles tennis tourna
ment commenced on Christmas day at
the California Club courts was com
pleted yesterday down to the finals.
The matches were all so long and so
hard fought that the players reaching
the finals were unable to continue. The
successful teams were Herbert Schmidt
and Harry Rolfe and Will Allen and
Dr. H. P. Hill.
The matches of . yesterday were the
closest and most interesting seen in
the club courts in months. The last
match of the day was by far the best.
All three sets went to deuce-vantage.
The contestants were Allen and Hill
and Ray Solivalo and Ray Cornell. The
latter received a handicap of "owe 5-6."
"With the same odds they had previous-'
ly beaten Will' Collier and C. J. Smith,
and were expected to win.' The handi
cap men after having a lead of 5—2,
which they lost, finally pulled out the
set, S — 6. In the second set they again
led at 5—2, and in the eighth game the
score stood owe 15 and 30 — 0 in their
favor. Allen and Hill by clever playing
soon ran the score up' to 5 — 5. At 6-^3
and 40-30 the match looked over, when
Cornell, through overanxlety, smashed
a short lob into the fence. Allen and
Hill won this set, 8— 6. In the third set
the scratch men led at 5—2. The handi
cap men, to the surprise of the specta
tors,, evened up the score at 5— 5 and led
at 6—5. Allen and Hill again ran out
the set, 8—6. Splivalo was tired in this
match and his partner was forced to
cover most of the territory on his side
of' the net. Both men played better
than ever before, but Splivalo hugged
the net too closely.
Another good match was that • be
tween Harry nolfe and Herbert Schmidt
and Sidney Salisbury and Frank String^
ham. The former received the trifling
odds of '"owe 1-6." Like the foregoing
match, this one was full of long rallies
and the-outcome was in doubt until the
end. Splivalo and Cornell had a hard
time beating Smith and "Collier in the
first rotund. Collier played i-ather a
weak net game, and got short lobs
back instead of killing them/ Splivalo
and Cornell played a fine defensive
game, their lobbing being excellent.
Allen and Hill allowed Dan Volk
mann and Herbert Gray an extremely*
large handicap and just managed to
win out, the last two sets being close.
The final match will be played Sat
urday afternoon and should be a good
one. Schmidt and Rolfe -will receive
odds of "owe 3-6." They reached the
RIVAL BOXERS ARE RESTING
AFTER SIEGE OF TRAINING
SPORTS OF THE RUNNING TURF, THE PRIZERING AND THE FOOTBALL FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, EfEGi£MEER 28/ 1903.
8
ADVEBTISEBIENTS.
Telephone John S71.
=1N. S. HAND=
Secretary ani offl- Fztsrt Kaadicajpv,
tlal handlcapper for _ "„_ , _ _ - ,
the ••Metropolitan ROOKS 1. 2 and 3.
Horse .Owners" ar.J ,,q CTnCVinUCT
"Interstate" Turf As- lid OlUuMUn 0 1 •»
relations o( N«v* _ , .
York. f * a rr»«is9J, C*l.
Term* (durtnr California *ea*oa oal/X ?i
i per day or 110 per week.SCENES IN THE NORTHERN
CALIFORNIA DAIRY DIS
TRICTS.
A beautiful framed picture makes a
good New Year's present. The only largo
assortment of g«Xi things is at Sanboru
& Vail*. • •
The Placer Representative says that
J. Parker Whitney shipped more than
1,000,000 oranges this year and for
warded'his last carload from Rocklln
to Chicago on December 8.
Growth of Stanislaus County.
At the annual meeting of the Stan
islaus County Board of Trade Frank
A. Cressey was elected president, Dr.
B. F. SDrryhne vice president and T.
C. Hocking. H. G. Turner, C. T. Elliott,
H. Christ and C. R. Tillson trustees.
The address of the retiring president,
T. C. Hocking, set forth that to the
board belongs the credit of the cele
bration that will be held in April. A
part of Mr. Hocking's address is as fol
lows:
"The value of organization has been
strikingly manifested to the people of
this community and of this county
through your body. Uniting originally
under the guise of a Board of Trade for
the purpose of ending the intolerable
condition of depression and retrogres
sion born of our own apathy and cow
ardice as a people in respect to -the ir
rigation question, you plucked courage
from successive defeats, the agitation
meantime rousing the people to a real
izing sense of their situation, and final
ly victory crowned your efforts. From
that day dates Modesto'B new era, and
to-day she is conceded to be 'the com
ing town. 1 Enterprise moves where
apathy so long made her seat, energy
has dethroned lethargy, business holds
sway where ruin perched, prosperity
has supplanted poverty, gloom has given
way to cheer, the knocker is dead and
a people long bitterly arrayed in op
posing factions are as one and with one
voice proclaim, 'It is well.' "
not as effective or expeditious as other
internal parasites, still, it i3 a valuable
enemy o? this scale. We sent out coio
nfes of this parasite during the end of
May and early in June.
KILLS THE KATYDID.
Twenty years ago the large green
katydid did much damage to the blos
som twigs of orange trees in the south
ern counties. It is very rare now,
owing to a very interesting parasite
that attacks its eggs. The katydids
are large and voracious feeders and
would be destructive pests were it not
for the work of our friendly Eupelmus.
What has been accomplished by the
South African parasite of the "black
scale," Scutellista cyanea, will be inter
esting. This parasite was introduced
through the kindness of Professor
Charles P. Lounsbury. Government En
tomologist of Cape Colony, two years
ago. Several colonies were sent by Pro
fessor Lounsbury to E. M. Ehrhorn,
Horticultural Commissioner and Ento
mologist of Santa Clara County. He
bred a colony In confinement, but
did not succeed in establlshlns them,
out of doors.
On October 1, 1901. Professor Louns
bury wrote me that he would send me
on the following day two boxes con
taining parasites. The packages toek
thirty <»avs to reach us and we bred
seventeen ScutelHsta cyanea. and a ftrat
secondary parasites. The latter we de
stroyed. Only four of the true para
sites were females and unfortunately
one of those was killed by a small
spider, leaving but three with which to>
stock the State. On February 17, 1002.
the Scute'Usta began to i*sue from th?
scales and the descendants of thoso
three have increased to millions and
wonderful work has been accomplished
by them in this short time.
During July I made an extended tour
of the southern counties and reported
my observations of the work of the
Scut<»I.'isla to State Cornni'33'.or.or •¦£
Horticulture Cooper. Since then ve
have had most encouraging reports
from County Horticultural Commis
sioners, orchardists and others, show
ing that the good work still continues.
State Horticultural Commissioner
Cooper is still .makmg determined ef
forts to introduce other friendly Insects
that will be of incalculable value to ths
fruit growers of California.
Dangerous Scales Meet
Their Deadly
Enemies.
Friendly Insects Are
Found to Do the
Work.
No member of the late Board of
Horticulture, or the Commissioner of
Horticulture, or any one • connected
with his department, has ever advo
cated the "let alone policy" with re
spect to the control of injurious in
sects for which we have no parasite
or predaceous insect enemy. It was
only after very heavy loss \ and ex
pensive experience that we determined
to try nature's method and introduce
the insects that keep such. pests under
control in their native country. -
The pioneer orchards of California,
those planted before 1849, were mostly
When Californlans first suggested
the idea of controlling the injurious in
sect pests of our orchards by the aid
of beneficial or friendly insects, some
of the prominent entomologists of the
country ridiculed the proposition, and
one even advanced the statement that
few pests meant few parasites. Cer
tainly if there were only few injuri
ous insects, they could hardly be con
sidered pests, and few parasites would
be required to keep them in subjection.
It is now a well recognized fact that
injurious insects are those that have
no parasites to keep in check their ex
cessive increase.
Insects that live at the expense of
growing plants, trees or shrubs, must
be considered injurious and the greater
their numbers the . more destructive
will their presence be to the trees at
tacked. Some injurious insects are
more or less restricted in their food
habits or tastes, and again others at
tack a great variety of plant life and,
on this account, are difficult to control
by artificial methods, such as poisons,
sprays or fumigators.
Artificial methods have in no in
stance exterminated or even prevented
the spread of insect pests when once
established in a district. Their too
rapid increase and spread have been
checked to greater or less extent by
such remedies, and it would be the
height of. folly to await the advent or
introduction of a parasite or beneficial
insect to destroy the pest, when it can
be destroyed in great numbers by
either spraying or fumigation. Exter
mination Is out of the question with
either method, and the work has to
be repeated at least once a year and,
in the case of certain insects, from two
to six sprayings are necessary in
order to save the crop (as with apples
and pears) from destruction by the
codling moth. '^ ,
METHODS OF XATURE.
BY ALEXANDER CRAW.
grown from seedling trees or propa
gated from locally grown trees and
were free from pests. The orange and
lemon trees were bright and free from
smut. The bright and thrifty condition
of the trees Induced our pioneers of
the fifties and sixties to bring or send
for new varieties. . The soft brown
scale was introduced into \he orchards
and gardens of Los Angeles and spread
with alarming rapidity. Orange trees
were killed by that scale and orange
planting was stopped. .Tears passed
and the parasites of this scale were un
intentionally introduced upon other
plants and now this scale is not classed
as a pest unless where the constant
presence of ants prevent the parasites
from accomplishing their destruction.
The parasites of the soft brown are
both chalcid files.
One is parasitic of the small scales
and the other attacks the full grown
scale. One deposits but one egg in each
scale and the other from one to eight,
and each egg develops into a maggot
and then into a perfect fly all under the
scale. They are exceedingly small in
sects, each with four wings, six legs
and two antennae. The orange growers
overlooked such diminutive insects and
their valuable work was ascribed to
some mysterious disease, or, as several
growers stated, "the scales had run
their course and were naturally dying
out."
BLACK SCALE KILLER.
[ The next serious scale that was in
troduced was the "black scale." This
is a more general feeder, and besides I
olive trees it also attacks orange, lemon,
lime, plum, peach, apricot, pepper, ole
ander, crataegus, pittisporum, abutllon,
pelargonium, photinias and a variety of
wild shrubs and weeds. We have a
native internal parasite that in some
seasons destroys from twenty-five to
seventy-five per cent, but as each scale
produces from 1500 to 2500 eggs, it will
be readily seen that the parasite alone
could not cope with such a pest, as It
has but one generation each year.
The black ladybird was introduced
from Australia by -Albert Koebele when
collecting beneficial insects for the
State Board of Horticulture of Califor
nia. Twenty of these valuable beetles
•reached us alive, and they have been
of great service in cleaning out the
black scale in the coast regions.
In the southwestern portion of Ala
meda County William Barry, Horticul
tural Commissioner of that portion of
the county, made a canvass in Wash
ington Township of the orchardists
having five acres and njore and learned
that since the Introduction of this bene
ficial Insect nine years ago they have
saved over 5171,000 in disinfection. The
"black ladybird" breeds the year round
and destroys the eggs, larvae and adult
"black scale." Unfortunately they do
not appear to thrive away from the sea
breeze. At Ellwood, in Santa Barbara
County, Mr. Cooper before the intro
duction of this ladybird spent from
$3000 to 55000 per annum in spraying his
orchards with kerosene emulsion. Since
then he has relied upon the ladybirds
and his trees bear better and cleaner
olives.
THE COTTONY CUSHION.
The next serious pest introduced was
the "cottony cushion scale." This came
on trees brought Into Menlo Park from
Australia in 1863 and in the eighties it
had spread over a great portion of the
State and it was such a destructive in
sect that the orange industry was
threatened.
Two years after it attacked the Shorb
groves at San Gabriel. It reduced the
crop from fifty carloads per annum to
six cars of inferior oranges on that es
tate'alone. .The expensive fight made
against j this pest in California with
sprays, fumigators, etc., resulted. In
more advance in the study of economic
entomology .than any other one thing
and was the cause of our belief that na
ture had a more efficient and cheaper
used. On alfalfa feed cows well-con
ditioned should give 200 to 350 pounds
of butter annually, but where native
feed only is had the return per cow
ranges from 125 to 150 pounds.
The matter of increase In calves is
important. Dairies are renewed from
the young stock. The dairyman has
his hogs, which are fed and raised on
the skim milk. These sources bring
considerable additional revenue. Cows
properly cared for will yield a return
of $5 to $7 per month each, or $60 to
$S5 annually.
HELPS THE FARMER.
The San Joaquin Ice Company at
Fresno a few years ago secured a herd
of high-bred cows, Holsteins and Jer
seys, and inaugurated the policy of sup
plying them on lease contracts. Any
farmer owning his farm or who has
made sufficient payment on a purchase
of land or invested enough in improve
ments to class him as a permanent set
tler can on application to the company
secure as many cows as he can prop
erly care for, be it five or fifty. The
purchase price is stated in the lease.
The farmer has full possession and
control, with the increase. He con
tracts to care for the stock well, to de
liver all the eream or butter fat — except
what is necessary for home require
ment—to the creamery and to permit
one-half the monthly returns to be ap
plied as part payment on the contract.
From actual experience it is shown that
the majority of cows put out on lease
are fully paid for in two years. The
farmer has his monthly income,
amounting to one-half the yield from
the cows, all the increase and the hogs
he has been able to support meantime.
With ordinary care cows are profita
ble for dairy purposes until they are
from ten to twelve years old, and can
then be fattened and sold for beef.
This industry affords wide opportu
nity for men of moderate as well as
men of large means. The dairyman
who delivers the product of five cows
to the creamery stands on exactly the
same footing as to price. and other con
ditions as one who has fifty or one
hundred cows. In this business there is
no partiality or preference. The farm
er has success in his own hands, and
the measure of that success is his in
dustry, economy and business capacity.
remedy where the scale was a native
than our artificial appliances.
\ Once started in this direction, our or
chardists held meetings, in Los Angeles
especially, and discussed ways and
means to have an expert sent to Aus
tralia to make a search for the parasite
that prevented the great Increase of
that scale in Australia and introduce it
into California.
Frank McCoppin of San Francisco
was appointed United States Commis
sioner to the World's Fair in Melbourne
in 1888 and generously put aside 52000 of
the funds allowed him for his expenses
to defray the cost of an expert ento
mologist to be attached to his retinue.
Albert Koebele was selected and he dis
covered and sent us the Vedalia cardl
nalis, a lady-bird that was hardly
known by the entomologists of its na
tive country.
Since then the State Board of Horti
culture has taken the precaution to
keep a stock of this valuable lady-bird
under propagation in confinement in the
San Francisco office. In this way we
can generally furnish colonies promptly
upon application of our orchardists.
Colonies have also been sent to Cape
Colony, South Africa; Egypt, Portugal,
Mexico, Hawaiian Islands; Society Isl
ands and to Florida.
When sending colonies of Vedalia
within the State we request the appli
cants to send us a box of scale Infested
twigs at our expense. In this way we
secure food for our colonies In our
breeding jars. Besides the Vedalia we
have three Australian lady-birds that
prey upon this scale alone. We have
also two internal parasite flies. With
such a list of active workers you can
readily understand that the "cottony
cushion scale" has a hard struggle for
existence in California.
OTHER VICTORIES WON.
Another foreign pest that has done
serious injury to orange and lemon
groves is the "yellow scale." L. J. Rose
of San Gabriel purchased a small Jap
anese orange tree and planted it on
his Sunny Slope estate. The existence
of scale was overlooked, at the time.
The scale spread to other orange trees
in the vicinity, and soon after the cele
brated avenue of four rows of grand
old trees appeared to be hopelessly
ruined.
Mr. Rose ordered the trees cut back
to the trunks and the latter scrubbed
with soap solution, but even such he
roic measures failed to check the
spread of the pest, for as soon as the
trees again sprouted the leaves were
found to be again infested. This was
in the early seventies.
The effect of this scale was to cause
the leaves to turn yellow and droop and
thus injure the health and productive
ness of the trees. In 1889 I called the
attention of the orchardists to the ex
istence of an almost microscopic inter
nal parasitic fly that was reducing ttw
numbers of the yellow scale at Sierra
Madra, and advised that no spraying or
fumigation should be done in that
neighborhood. Colonies of the parasite
were sent to other infected districts
and now the yellow scale Is rare- in the
seven southern counties. The horticul
tural commissioners of Los Angele3,
San Bernardino and even* Riverside al
low the parasite to fight it out and it is
most efficient. This parasite, llke^ the
scale,' is a native of Japan.
A hard fought battle was waged
against the so-called San Jose scale.
Although It has a local name, it is
nevertheless of foreign origin, and, ac
cording to Professor C. L. Marlatt, it is
a native, of China. The late James
Lick was a great lover of and experi
menter with trees and plants from
other countries, and it is claimed this
scale was first observed in his or
chard. The San Jose scale 13 not plai
tiful now in California, owing to an in
ternal parasite, Aphellnus fuscipennis,
assisted by the "twice stabbed lady
bird," Chlloccru8 blvulnerus and Rhlzo
bius toowoombae. Professor W. G.
Johnson records having "bred 1478 In-,
ternal parasite, Aphelinus fuscipennis,
in Maryland from a peach shoot four
inches long, that was seriously Infested
with San Jose scale. As each parasita
destroys the scale it' attacks before the
scale reproduces, it' cannot long remain
in injurious numbers.
The brown apricot scale'was a very
filthy pest on prune, apricot, peach ar.d
plum trees, owing to the great amount
of honey dew exuded by the insect-3.
The leaves and fruit were consequently
badly attacked by black smut. Since
its parasite became established in In
fested orchards it Is not so troublesome.
It takes two years to thoroughly stock
an orchard when 90 to 98 per cent cf
the scales are killed by its parasite.'
There Is but one generation of this
scale and its' parasite, so its work Is
According to the Modesto Herald a
co-operative creamery will be estab
lished at Ceres.
Dairy herds in California are being
constantly improved. The day of na
tive cows with long horns is past.
Shorthorns, Jerseys and Holsteins have
come to remain. Alfalfa, which a few
years ago was not regarded as suited
to the making of high class butter. Is
now recognized as the ideal grass for
dairy stock, and the peculiar advantage
that a dairyman has in an alfalfa dis
trict is in the greater number of cows
that can be maintained. On alfalfa
fields the quantity of milk per cow is
greater than under, other conditions.
While ten cows and their increase can
be maintained well on. fifteen, at. most
twenty, acres of alfalfa the year round,
ten acres of land is necessary to sup-
Dort a sincrle cow where native feed is
IMPROVEMENT THE RULE.
The largest" creameries in the State
are in Los Angeles, Fresno, Stanislaus,
San Joaquin and Sacramento counties,
with capacity ranging from, about 325,
000 to 900,000 pounds of butter an
nually. The output of these institu
tions js capable of large increase with
out enlarging present manufacturing
capacity.
In cheese production the dairies and
creameries of the State have not
gained the high reputation earned for
butter. A large portion of the cheese
made is of ordinary quality, lacks rich
ness and flavor, and is marketed be
fore it is sufficiently aged to give it
the merit of Eastern product. The
quantity of cheese manufactured here
for the year 1902, according to the re
port of the State Dairy Bureau, aggre
gated but 6,503,441 pounds, represent
ing a value of $702,371.
Experiments have been tried in the
manufacture of the description of
cheese known as Chedder by such
dairymen as Dr. Flint of San Juan and
E. A. Davidson of Gilroy, but these
did not give satisfactory financial re
sults and were discontinued. Cheese
equal in merit to the Eastern product
was made, but the commission men in
San Francisco market preferred the
Eastern product because it could be
handled on a better margin of profit.
Consumers also gave preference to the
Eastern cheese.
One creamery is operating at Selma,
In Fresno County. The management
proposes to demonstrate the ability of
creameries here to compete on merit
with the Eastern product. None of the
Selma cheese has yet been placed on
the market nor will it be until It has
been aged at least six months and is
well matured. This product is aged
under the cold curing process.
The dairy industry in California is
largely in the hands of men who have
been bred to the business, Danes.
Swedes. Italian-Swiss and Portuguese.
Americans control about one-half the
dairies In the State. The business is
open to all, and there is no reason
why any class should be more success
ful than any other, with equal intelli
gence and experience. Near Sacra
mento, San Jose and Fresno the busi
ness is largely in the hands of Amer
icans. The number of American
farmers in this branch is rapidly in
creasing, particularly in the irrigated
districts and where the dairymen are
owners of the land, not renters.
Where the foreign element predomi
nates they are generally renters. .
GREAT PRODUCTION.
The tendency in butter-making is
more and more to creameries, but
there is a" disposition to decrease
rather than increase the number
of these factories. Experience seems
to demonstrate the claims that
large institutions can minimize the
cost of butter-making, and that un
der good business management, such
as is necessary to successfully con
duct large operations, dairymen secure
better results than by making butter
on the farms or working through
small creameries. Centralization of the
industry .in the respective districts
gives uniformity to quality and' to
some extent prevents unprofitable
competition in marketing the product.
standard in quality of the California
product and is usually sold at prices
slightly below the market for State
product
Prices of butter in San Francisco are
uniformly maintained on a higher basis
than are obtainable for creamery but
ter in the Middle West, and for this
reason under ordinary conditions deal
ers are able to make a fair profit on the
imported article, even when marketed
here at lower prices than the State pro
duct commands. This business is, how
ever, more or less speculative, and at
times Is attended with considerable
loss.
BY ARTHUR R. BRIGGS.
The dairy industry of California is
of all the first to give returns
to new settlers and is therefore en
titled to first consideration by home
seekers. The impression prevails that
there i s much to learn in farming in
California before one can hope to se
fur e a comfortable living and enjoy
the benefits which have been presented
to him as an inducement to come to
this State, but with the opportunity
for making a good living at the out
let, such as is presented in dairy farm
ing, the newcomer has time to make
himself familiar with the new condi
tions and enjoy a fair return from his
labor while he is studying the methods
<'f fruit growing and other branches of
farming.
The State Board of Trade has occa
sion to answer almost daily, "How can :
a living be made the first year?" and
•What investment is required for one
to establish himself on a profitable ba
sis in a new home?" The first ques- :
tion is already answered. The second
can only be answered in a general way,
but the following estimate of cost
should enable the average man to reach
a fairly correct conclusion of what is
necessary for him:
A FORTY-ACRE FARM.
Forty acres of land (with water
right) $2000
Buildings — house, barn, sheds,
fences, etc 850
Dc-mestic animals, horses, etc 400
Ten acres seeded to alfalfa first
year 100
Trees and shrubs about his house
and for family orchard and vine
yard 25
Farming utensil? and implements.. 75
Tota 1 53430
In the purchase of land it is not
necessary to make the full payment
the first year. One-third payment, or
say $e^0 to $700, is generally the rule,
and the balance can be carried one,
two and three years in equal amounts,
so that the actual cash outlay at first
need not exceed the sum of $2000 to
J25f>o. With this capital the intelligent,
ir.duptri jus and economical farmer may
safely establish a new home on forty
acres of land in California.
The dairy interest in California is
both interesting and important — inter
esting by reason of its possibilities, and
important from its present magnitude.
Dairy farming in this State may be
classified into the following principal
districts, viz.: The Humboldt district,
which comprises Humboldt and Del
Norte counties; the coast district,
which comprises the coast counties
from Mendocino on the north to Santa
Barbara on the south; the Sacramento
Valley district, which comprises the
country north of Stockton to Shasta
County; the mountain district, which
comprises Lassen, Plumas, Sierra and
Piskiyou counties; the San Joaquin
Valley district, which comprises the
territory from Stockton on the north
to the Tehachapi Range on the south,
and the Southern California district,
which includes all that part of the
State south of the Tehachapi Range.
DIFFERING CONDITIONS.
Conditions differ widely in these vari
ous districts, and yet generally the
quality of the butter produced is fairly
maintained at the average high Btan
dard for which this State is famed. Ac
cording to the last biennial report of
the State Dairy Bureau the quantity
of butter produced in the year 1902 was
21,525,762 pounds, representing a value
of 57,541,792, of which 21,593,021 pounds
was from creameries and 9,935,741
pounds from individual dairies, against
:*.678.439 pounds in 1897, of which 10,
£66,646 was from creameries and 17.811,
793 pounds from individual dairies.
This illustrates the growth of the in
dustry and the tendency of dairymen
to operate through creameries rather
than attempt to compete with these
institutions with butter made on the
farm, which is not as uniform in quality
or as high in grade as the creamery
product.
One of the principal features of dif
ference In the districts mentioned is the
character of feed. In the Humboldt dis
trict the industry is about stationary,
and the available range for cows is
pretty well occupied. In this district
there are about forty small creameries,
and most of the butter in the district
is manufactured by them. On the coast
there are but few creameries. This
district is not holding its own in butter
production owing somewhat to disad
vantage in feed, but also to the de
mand of San Francisco for milk, which
Is supplied from this source. The Sac
ramento Valley district is on the In
crease. Woodland, the vicinity of Sac
ramento and the reclaimed islands are
among the principal producing points
in th« State. The mountain district,
though less important in point of quan
tity, holds its own. The San Joaquin
Valley district' exhibits rapid growth,
tbe estimated gain being 30 to 33 per
cent in 1903 as compared with 1902.
Here is a wide area in alfalfa, and this
in increasing largely from year to year.
Dairy herds, and dairy farming increase
in like ratib. The southern district de
nends on cultivated crops and alfalfa
[or feed.
INDUSTRY ESTABLISHED.
The industry as a whole is well es
tablished on a profitable basis through
out the State, though it has not yet
reached the limit of coast consumption.
Tal-en as a whole, the Industry now
represents a value, including the in
crease, begs. etc.. of upward of 518.
fOOOOO annually. The State Board of
Trade predicts that it will develop rap
dly in the future until California will
be shipping extensively toward Eastern
n:arkets. instead of standing In the list
Of dairy States as an importer.
At certain times in the year, when lo
cal conditions favor it. large quantities
of Eastern- made butter are now
chipped to the San Fra-ncisco market.
This butter does not come up to the
The Sacramento Union says of the
Sacramento Valley citrus fruit crop of
1903: "Oranges are being shipped in
large quantities from Sacramento Val
ley orange districts. The orange season
of this part of the State is now well
advanced and reoorts indicate a good
crop. The Oroville district reports spe
cial orange trains, the business exceed
ing the capacity of the regular trains.
The California Citrus Union, which is
handling the crop of the valley dis
tr cti?, is labeling the fruit v.ilh th«
name of the locality where it is grown
in accordance with the law enacted by
the last Legislature."
The San Bernardino Dally Times-
Index says regarding the southern or
ange crop: "Unless all signs fail.
SoutheAi California will this year mar
ket the largest and best crop of oranges
In its history. Present conditions war
rant the prediction that the crop will
be from 25 to 50 per cent, larger than it
was last year, when 22.390 carload3 were
sent to market. The most conservative
growers and shippers estimate the crop
of 1903-4 judged by present conditions
and counting on fairly good weath-r
throughout the season, at 2S.00O car
loads, which is an increase over last
year of just about 25 per cent. Others
predict that 23,000 carloads is not too
high an estimate, if the weather con
ditions remain right for the next few
months. This would be an Increase of
nearly 50 per cent, over last season's
crop, and some optimists say prolonged
warm, growing weather and absence of
frost would expand the crop probably
to 35^000 or 36.000 carloads. Few are so
optimistic, however, as to anticipate a
crop of such enormnu3 dimensions."
According to the Merced Star, the
orange trees about the Courthouse
park in Merced produced 250 to 300
boxes of fruit.
A comprehensive plan of tree plant
ing has been proposed for Bakersfield
and Kern.
A first-class commercial hotel is to be
constructed at Redlands. The real es
tate men of the city are back of the
movement, so says the Redlands Facts.
The following figures of the shipments
in carloads of green aad dried fruit
from California for the season of 1902-3
arc published by the California Fruit
Grower:
Canned fruit, 7000: citrus fruit, 23,871;
dried fruit, 3812; prunes. 6567; raisins^
3600; fresh fruit. 8367; total. 53.217.
That is over 1000 cars per week for
every week in the year.
Other important shipments of farm
products' are as follows:
Almonds, 327; beans, 3300; beet sugar,
6100; canned vegetables, 1500; honey,
183; tomatoes, 2000; green vegetables,
5800; walnuts, 857; wheat, 50,000; total,
70,267.
Barley, oats, wine and other products
are not included. But even this is an
average of about 1350 cars per week,
or 225 cars per day.
The figures are calculated to staggor
even a Callfornian. At this rate we
shall before many years be shipping 500
cars per day, on an average, of prod
ucts of our farms and orchards.
TheColusa Sun says that free weekly
excursions to Colusa from Sit-is will be
given by the merchants of Colusa to
promote better acquaintance between
the people of the county.
The Santa Rosa Press- Democrat says
that the Supervisors of Sonoma County
will sell franchises for rural telephone
systems. Applications have been made
for franchises for telephone systems
for the .Russian River, Windsor and
Forestvllle sections.
Affords Reliable In
formation for New
comers.
Northern District Pro
duces Many
Oranges.
Live Communities Are
Making Advance
Solidly.
Industry Earliest to
Make Its Re
turns.
BRIGGS TELLS OF STATE'S DAIRY OUTPUT AT MILLIONS
CRAW DESCRIBES MANNER IN WHlCrf FRUIT PESTS ARE DESTROYED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER IS. 1003
9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; DECEMBER .28, 1903.
10
L.OUGIXG HOUSES FOR SALE — Con. '
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone 1050.
3 Eddy 6t. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
125 rooms; first-class downtown house; 5-
year lease; cheap rent; private bailis; doing
. sine commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 rooms; rent only $125: good lease; fine
location; some apartmentd always full; clears
£200.
116 rooms; new and elegantly appointed
apartment house; one of the swellest in city;
clearing $5C0 10 fCOO per month; splendid
opportunity. .
7-room new modern flat; $450 cash, bal- 1
s::ce on installments; income $15: price $550. j
220 rooms; grand ne\y modem ayarXrr.ent-
house; elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing $4UU to $000 per month; golden op-
portunity.
15 rooms; Van Ness; oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain if taken at or.ee.-
8S rooms; Inntoh location; elegant build-
ing-; luxuriously furnished; all modern con-
veniences; grand entrance and halls; strictly
up-to-date; called East by sickness.
12 rooms; Post; oak fur, Brus. carpets;
clears S.V); $300 cash, bal. on installments;
price, ?SCO.
59. rooms: new and elegant building; fur-
nished beautifully and UD-lo-fiate; hot and
coid v.-ater every room; $411)0 cash necessary.
30 rooms: rent $35; fine location: all on two
floors: 3 year6" lease; clears $100, all full;
*2CC0.
f.O rooms; Bush; rent only $1';2; B<vi;i fur.,
carpets: clearing. over $i'00 j>er month: only
14 room3 to take care of, balance do own
work; a s.nai>.
15 rooms: Van Js'e.-?: rent ?*r.; rak, ma-
hogany furniture; always Cull; pr-ce $12W>;
almost new.
S6 rooms; cheap rent; furnished lest June;
oak fur.. Brus. .carrots: clears over 5250 >|,-er
month; half cash, balance 1 per cent; owner
sick in bed. /
7 rooms; rent $3S; modern house: new fur-
niture; clears $50; cnly ?4C0 oasY ba:a.nce
time.
14 rrorn*; rent. $40; new nnd modern little
boarding-house; fine furniture; hair mat-
tresses; clearing over $2W per menth; price
$m>o.
' 19 rooms: cor. ; rent $:K>; oak fur.: g:xxl
carpets, hair rr.sttrrsies; rart cash, balance
on time.
22 To'm»: rent S7.*.; never changed hinds:
•ill men; steady roomers the year nround;
clears $S5 pt>r month: first-class business
district; price $l$0O.
0 rotms; rent $4!i; cak fur.: morjuet car-
pets; turnished 4 months; clears $45; see thi3.
15 rooms^ f ne runny ocrner: rent only $S0;
well furnished; Ell outside rooms; fine j-aid;
clears $100.
5S rc^ms; rent $250; 2 years' lease; well
furnished throughout; close In: first-class
b-.ard!ng-house; clearing $250 month. I
19C:5. I ~ 1D04.
[MARION GRIKFIN]
[SENDS]
[HOLIDAY GREETINGS]
TO THE
[."(iCO Tecplc who called in l'J»'3J
[at his up-to-date offices].
4CC t;xa::nr(r lihl .— 40ii Exarotner I3Hg.
IPlione Uhick .'i'-C7. Money to ioan.]
[11 ROOMS. J
BIS lar;ra:n; $I5li; nev.- 1 year; fell cf roomers;
positively must be soM .'or cash; ?150.
[ii Rooais.j
Dividends cf |5C0 monthly to you if you can
run 6, big transient h^-ui-e right; price S15C0;
costs nothinj- to i:ive«tlK3t?.
flffl ROOMS.]
FIRtT-(.LA?S family hotel: all modern conve-
niences; . uisiii..- a.'ui service special !<?atur,?s:
ll>-jfcf.r lease; ccean v»at«r on each floor.
l«.5 ROOMS.]
Nun nni modern building; fi-ienditl furnish-
ir.K-s: fi.year lease; cuats S4i0 month.
f21 ROOMS.]
HIOH-TONEIJ transient corner house: Z blocks
<jf Mcrkot: clears $1TO to $'-'00 mcntli.
[34 ROOMF.]
CpRNER hoa«e; north of Market; reduced to
S22.V): terms one-half down and instiilments.
or will fxihange fcr smaller nouse • or real
estate.
[S3 ROOMS.]
CORNER: S Wockn of Mdr'.;-u; $1550; rent $75;
u good honett lodging-house.
1'JO ROOMS. I
NEW arifi m<-,1erri: extra flnt- furnithinrrs: .hnt
water in every room; rery »wo)l; S"5C0 to
$2l«J0 In cash necessurj ; lt-a=e; i-lesrs $170.
f40 ROOMS.}
NEW house: new furnishings; rrnt $100: sa-
vere sickness reduced the price to $3000.
r23 ROOMS.]
NVnr New Tivoll: rent $li:0; clears S125 month;
?17W>; central; easy ttrni?.
[:*7 ROOMS.]
FfRXlSHED Rorgeor.siy in velvet ani b-nls-
eye maple; n;w- ."-versr l^s'se; hii; rr° fl t-
|.-2 ROOMS.]
GRASP it: rrnt K22S; suarenteea <o be clearing
P2S0 month above aH expense*: rts;>ectp.b!e:
C-y«ar ltase; Hr<« ¦nrpc- i<n-.!s».
[2S ROOMS.]
GRICAT bargain; mutt Bel!: rent So!): full of
p:op!e; quift hoi's»: iUT.0.
(.12 ROOMS. 1
OORNFR apartment-house in spacious prounds;
rent $12.1; clears $2Cf>: weil furnlyhod.
[SO ROOMS. 1
I SWF.I I. arartments: 4-year leas'; v.p to date;
I new house; paying b!e dividends $t<:00.
[20 ROOMS.]
IN fine grounds; Ur??. -r,unlit mmnsicn; mag-
! niflcntlv furnished: now rlrarlng $150; death
cause of sale; boardin«r-!ir.tie.
[VI ROOMS'.l
HOTEL r.-ith bar: doing nis!iinf bu*in?ss; nsV
and ch°rry furniture; worth S10.C00; will e»1I
fcr Srcoo-. dl£EoIution of nnrtnershlp.
[14 ROOMS.1
PICK-UP: a holiday ei't for some dcsen-ln;
la<ly: prire-SSoO Tish: a respectable house,
clearing $.18 mrntMy.
rl5 ROOM?.]
TRANSIENT house, near MrrVct: jrcod condi-
tion: easy terms; mtiefB mu'-h n-.oney.
FOR FAI*r— A 7<OAlmiN';-HOt:SK: MEDIUM
FIZE; ELEGANTLY FUKN'ISrfEO; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE;
OWNER I.rf\'IN'O TOWN r-dX 2S3d.
CAI.T, OFFICK.
A — f.«XK): PR1VATF. hoar<1mc-hous». tv'.tn 40
r^crr.s uiwavs oocunieii ani flr«t-"lR»s r^'.roa-
tee. Fee p.. G. WlMCg. -'"H Ke*ray ¦:.
l:OOM ING house; It rooms ard bath; carpets
new: furniture in prod c.-indltlon; rent «(!5
•month; cenfal Jocatloc; a bargain If scld at
once. ."CO Post st.
CnriNER house. T4 rocms. center of city: rent
$225: r. years'letife; clears $"W) month: m»!«t
sell before January I. Box 3C40. Ca!! ofrtce.
i.oij<;im;-h«m sks w an'ieii.
WANTED— A furnlshcl lodstins-houne. about
4n tocms; not too far out: will pav cash;,
ftate price and Rive location. Box "(HI. CiUI.
SPIt»lTDALIS31.
HKOF. Pirw] VI Evans] n'i:.«.1 psychic for slHte-
wriiirr nnd r 'alrvfy.tnce; ftstnp for circular.
1112 Kdfly st.. nr. Oftaviu; plum* Scott }iS7.
MRS. REYNOLDS. matc-riclIz'niBr france Mon.
e\*. : 5<>c: sitiinirs <Jally. 328 Ellis.
mWAHn KARI.r^~in.-.2 K!l!i". r^uTlnifji -lally.
0:S0 to 4. seance* Sunday ami Thursday.
<;i.ajuvoya vrs.
A~PAIH, nF.PTTN'K. i
The f-*1r»t Reg:Jst*»-<Ml *T*ranr*» and
Valrri^t F,v»r \n Hun Fran/-lcr«
Read . Cnr»fully. An Honest
Nn Chmee N'«i «'hnrr»
Kn;«+s >'"•' «-M»ln O\m Inrnrmstlon for whlrh
yr>n « % nn«ulr m".
I An h»r*hv «<il«»nnly sgre» ami ciarantee to
nuli" nn rhurre if I fall tn tell ynur »i»m«, m*.
'iipntlon »n«l what y,<i c«II».l f«r; I t<rnmlf.> In
fell ynu if finsbstirt. wlf» nr »wMtb«J''. Is »ru»
nr Tolse: tell »ho »ti1 when you irill inarrv; In
far*. I will t»II *very hfipe. fear or nrtihll.i.'n
h»tt»r tlmn you c*tn t»ll ynqrawif; I reunite th"
feparated. reM"te lopl aff»ct|nns. <-au*» «pM<|y
8Pd hs>pp7 »narr1ace. «Hv» ynu rimrl luelt. r»-
stor" let* energy: )(> a. m. to x p. m-j'nun. 2-tt.
a:« O'Farrell st. ; low fee this cwk-|l. $1. $|.
MME. M. HF.RXAKD, TIIE* FAMOUS
Clairvoyant ntiu business t:i»dium. perma-
nently lo«a»<»d .it 17 Third st.. next Examiner
b!dg. : sh» 1 cans your lif« correctly, nives an
accurate dercrtption of the pprt, reveals the
present harpeninir..'* and t>orti-»y« even's to
occur in the future: if you are In trouble, dls-
contentrd or net •otivfted with life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be tol«5 how
to overcome them; valuable advice in all af-
fHirs of life; 25c up: satisfaction (ctiaran-
¦teed; Tradings by mall. Tel. Rlack 450H.
STARTLING disclosures made: come at once
to RovIi.b mil's Gypsy Camp
And consult Pruf. Sardou and Gypsy Mndge,
2 expert ualmists and lif? readers — 2.
True and rellnble advice on all bu£ia»83 af-
fairs, love, troubles .and speculations; they
have nr *><iunl; satisfaction guaranteed
Hours. !> a. m. until 10 at nlghJ.
• 25c Hand Readings, ?25c; worth 51. . *
,.S : ROVING UlLL. 2CH O'Farrell »t.
MME. VE1NA. wonderful trance medium and
card reader: Just returned from lon«r ab-
sence. 4C6 Geery et., near Mason, room 1. :
MISS ZEMDAR. young piftfd clalr. and palm •
names; L. W)c, G. 51. 714 Franklin.nr.G.U.av.
THB^CAliL
JOHXT 9. SFXXCZXZ.S. Proprietor.
;i£i*ss Ccimcmu'3 to J0H5 McKADSgfjEaagr
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager.
XKLKi'HONE.
Afk Uv THE CAIJ^. The Crerator Will Con-
nect You With tte Department You Wlsu.
Publication Office SJirket and Third. R. F.
Kditotial Rooms 217 to 221 Steveneon st.
CeJivrred by Carriers. 20 «s. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per l!or.;h. Single Copies 6 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Inciudir.c Postage iCash with
OriJer): '¦"' '.
DAILT CALL <ir. c lud. B«s£a*-*. 1 ye»r..$8.0»
DAILY CALL <lnclu<1. Sunday).' 0 tcos.. 4.00
1V.ILY CALL — By t !r .g; e Month «•'?
5VNTAT CALK 1 Tear • 2.60
WTEXI-T CALL. 1 Tear ¦ 1- M
_. o . __.. f Daily... $S.S0 Per Year Kxtra
Z5£L*2?p J Punrtsy.. 4 . 15 Per Tear Kxtra
POS : AGE. , „ rekJy . 1 .co per Year Extra
ALL PCSTMASTFRS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SrBSCP.IPTIONS.
Baaple Copies »iil be forwarded »hen re-
coestcd.
ilail rubecrttjei-s in crC*r'.n= °* "£:
«rere rhcoid be r«rt'.^u!ar to ir*ve both Nfc.w
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
jn-.mpt aad tBttmet ccnipl'.ance «»ta the.r r»-
cueti.
OAKLAND OFFICE: •
1IJS BroaJ*-£y Telephoo* Mal= 1083;
BErKELEY OFFICE:
V.*& Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON" CORRESPONDENT: _
MCRTON E. CRANE HOC O Btrefct. N. W. .
NFAV YORK NEWS ?TAND<»: I
W#,:aorr - Astoria Ho'.'!: A Brent«no. *l
rcirr: Square; Murray Hill Hltel; Flfth-aT»- ,
aoe Hctei ani Koffrr.sn House. |
Chicago sretra stands:
».»rm»r. House: P. O. News Co.^ Great
Northern Rottl: Tr?'.ncnt House; Aufiitcnum
liciel; J**.lzr.<: Hc\ite.
CHICAGO RErRFSKNTATIVK: i
C. CEOBGB KROGNK?S...Mar.-iuette Pull 3 g ,
<Lcrs D-.Etance Telephone. Central ZC10 ") ,
VTW YORK REPBESBNTATlVB;
STEPHEN 15. SMITH 30 Tr.bune Bul.dlcg
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald rkjuare
BtTEIN'EF? OFFICE eT tt** fan Frsndsco
Cell, corner Market and TWrt struts; open
until 12 o'clock *-very r^'.it In tre yesr.
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 HrrtFCTEfry ttr«<-t. corner Clajr: open un-
tl! n:S0 p. re.
tOO !!«>« rtreet: ci>en ur,ti! 0 p. .rn.
«.*» McAil!Fter street; open until 3:30 p. m.
(IS Lsrfciri street: cpen ur.ti! 9:"0 p. m.
3^41 yrhMTim street: cyen until ".0 r>. rn. ¦
Kn Murket Etreet. corr.er Sixteenth; open
* ur.til 9 r>- ra-
!0« Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
lOPt; Valencia street: op»-n i^ntil 9 p. to.
Xertfcort e«r3«r Churrh i.r.<3 Duncaa itreeU:
fr*r, t:ntil 3 n. a. .
Northwest mra<T of T*rr-.i* - second rn.nO
Kertucky Etre«>ts: rper ur.M? 9 p. m.
~r.f Fttlmor* rtt»*t; cper vnt:1 » p. m.
MGIiTI>G :
apvli:m of Goidm Gate Commandery
N-j W K. T.. 02.1 Putt-r rt-^-Spedal gj*
atfMnlily TIilS iKf'M'An EVKN- ?5-
ING at 7 <)< ! >ck. Order of TtmjV. 4f/f
All frateii! a-e covrteoosly invitrj.
B>. crJer cf th« t>mrn»nd»r.
* THEO PBOUCU. U-ccrder.
ETAKR KING L-^j:e No. 344. F. & A. «
51 517 Deri«a4era rtre*t.— Seorn'I de- *V\f
f r« TH:* r\X.\'INO at 7::iO o'ChX*. /VN
Ms«ter Vaso:i« . ¦.**iia!iy Invited. By
crd*; of ihc W. 51.
A A. ANHERSOX. Secretary^
7n the officer* and menben at the j~
Higpers" ar.. 4 . *=tev«-<lr.res' Vnion. t|/
!ocj>J 222 of '.he I. U M. & T. As- _«Sa
tcciaticr. — Tou a:c hereby r.o'if)-! rJS&A
to attenc - 1 "' >•..¦: t" ¦ -in- nf V«^
tl-.is trr.ion. to -he rell ct <*v.t hall. »*fW*3L
m Front Btreet (TO-NIGHT). LV- r «
Cfn-.b»r 2 1 ?. 8l s o'clock. Uutir.css of great
irav rtaucs \*$ come before the me-.-tin?. By
or<5<r of
TUOUA? V. r.UVAN'T. Prcs:dcnt.
HENRY .'UXL. BeoordlllS S«rr-tary.
XliK Calilortna Uebri>= l^iJIlMlrtlltTH r.avins re-
ci'tved apvlica'.'.ons to mine by hydraulic pro-
oefv f-um i':ar»nc» Bradsbaw. John f^rcni
• no K<i»ard Santirto. m ;;ie;.l!ant J'lacer
Mine, near Volcaro. Amador County, Oil..
draining Into Gutter I'r^ek. whith r'acne?
ear. Jcaquir. lilvrr; fr-<m W.. F. W. and
tier,. Wcyn.an. in Comet Hi'.I Gravel Mine,
r.ear <Irarit- Hi'.I. E! Dw.do <'our.tv. Cal..
<lr»:nlrg ir.to Oull Ravine. wh!ih drains mtM |
\\Vhl»r Crwk. thence into Am?rican River,
?reel E A. Wilt-see an<1 J. E. Uoolif.le. in
Frenrh HU1 Mirie. near L?gran>re. j^ianis'.a' s
County. Cal.. <*.rai"ins Into snake Ravine,
•tltb <Jrai:is Into 1*u.>lurr.ne PJvrr. ar.d from
E A W!ltfe« ar.J J. E. Poolittle. in I'st-
rif k'vi'.'s Minir.j; district, dmininc tatta Pat-
ricks Basin, near Laprange. J-'taniblaus Coun-
ty Cnl.. ei\f* notice tj-.ct m-^;ing nrtll be
held at rocn :><". FlwvJ ljui!d!n«. San Fran-
r'.sco. Cal.. Jan. It. iOf'.i. nt 1 :SO p. m.
THE iicriual meeting of the *tcckhol3er» n'
the Nevada Nalicnsl Banic of San Fr»n-
«-»rco. Cal.. *vi;i be held at its banking
house, 301 Montgomery ftreet. 6an' Fran-
cisco. Cs!.. rn Tuesday. January 12, l»04.
at 5:15 p. rn.. for the ejection cf directors ]
to »er\e during the er.suing year, and for 1
the tranractlon of euch other .business as I
rr.sy ccme before th- meet'.r.g. :
GEORGE OP. Ai IT. Sec.
fan Frsrclsco. Dec. 12. 1003.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS can mak« $7 "Yer day up in *pare
iirr.^: u:<<re hv vteady wurk. RfciDUlN. I'M
Stsrr King building.
ATTOa.%EVS-AT.|,AW.
W. H. niTTXER.
ATTORNEY ANU COUKSELOB AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322. Emma Ppreckrlj building.
Divorce* quietly and legally cb-ained for 1
eight carses; damag-e* terurwl f-^r Injuries to \
r*rson or estate: replevins for property un-
iawfully detained: attachments and garnish-
ments for d«brs; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
prc/ce«-dinse: wi;is probated; estates seUled;
collections ms.je in all parts of the L\ S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a s=maU f<=e! 1
S^e me ard rave money: no tav in advance.
G. W. HOWE ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
EftaMlFhed 22 yrs.: rms. 1. 2. .1. 4 & ii. 1st 11.
1122 M.srkft ft., between Mafr-n and Taylor.
AArtcr free. a!l matters. L'etectives employed
R. W. KINO. Attcrney-at-i.aw. F.xam. bldTT
€tb f.LOT entrance room 8X1- ectabUshed 20
rearr; all t-ar.tr; general court and office
riactice: no le* In advance or fnr consulta-
tion; evrning* by appomtrr.ert. Tel. Hed JC01.
ADVICE free — I vrtl! .iilvanee cost in merl:ori-
cus cases divrr<-«-F. probat- and ali other law
«ases: no fee* in aavan.-e; c.pen every rven-
ir.ii. J. U. THPRSTOX. K'.O Market st.. r. ill
ADVICE FRKlE' ~
'"oTuffihiar T.a^' an£ CcStieCtton Ag*cncT.
Kooir S5. f<I<". Market rt.: tel. John <S22fi.
D1\"ORCK costs *12; r.|«»n c\cj\'cu^- tenants
ejected, fr.. pU Market. r.C2:|ilv<ne liiadc CSli
L. B CLAHTC. Etnvj 5cr»kr!^ M(?g.. 027 Mar-
V.et rt.: consultation fr<^»: no I»h-s in advance.
ADVJCE free; no charge un!*-r,s «ucr»f5ful: all
!l» l)UF.!rers. W. W. Davidson. 327 Market.
L. 5= CLARK. S27 Msrtfrt Rt.: consultation
f ree: nf. fff» in f..'vgpf»: open r'enintfF.
DIHDS. DOGS. KTC^
1VAICBLIKG cenarle*. Ls'.king parrots'I ail*
kinds cf enstr and fancy bird*: goldfish seed
«age«. *tc. G1»e «• a trial: *- will cira*«
you. 1f4(i KrrL-.t »?.
do An ding von. cuiLHiiExi
A LADY «lth a good licrr.e will give a small
child a mother's «-tre; no other children; rc:-
erenceg rxchgrgeo. ir.t;S Jackson »;t.
UtJSiyKSS CIIAXCES^
6TRANGERS. ATTENTION '. ~
Are vou looking for a ea> end profltaViie bu»-
Jne*« ci)er.1r.if in £an Frincinto? [f » o> we can
«!fler >ou any number r»yu.r>n? an inv^tim nt
from $100 to j.Vi.iiiKt; Mrcrjr buyin^Mi oppoi-
tunlty that >-.?(-•¦« throagb our off;--e must
vtand tbe closest jnv*^«lg»tlor.. and we can
p!ac« you in a HOT*. fs<-t«ry. hotel, mill, 01-
f.c*. or. In fact, cry business you mav prefer-
kiq^ly r»;i and lnvf«:ijste.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO
Suit 321. Emma Fpre-ckel* building.
A— 5 rER CENT MONTHLY!
On Investment* of $100 snd upward: no "get-
rich-c,uiek" *wln<!le. turf t^eculatlon or pam-
tollng scheme, but a reputabie. established
business enterprise In fian Francisco; cieaied
tfi.'.OOO Ia« year on J10C.OO0 capital; stock
increared J20.0O0 to enlarge the plant; call
or »'rlie for i.artlculars.
OSRMAX1A INVEST. CO.. a 027 Msrket St.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION! " !
Do yo-j nish »o enlarge ycur business, cr do
rcu Oeire additional capital? If «•«. we can
fsraueh y.->a with «n active or silent partner
«ao will ic\e»t from $100 to fi'J.OOO; we
L* * a l*rre number of desirable applicants
co ctir borks waking good business opening*.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Cult 321. Emma Spreckels building.
$W — EXCELLENT orronunity for burlnesf 1
wo&an to rrifcke money. Bor 3204. CsUl.
j BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
R. G. ' WILKE. Real Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years). 26% Kearny
fct.. rooms i» and 10.
A — J!fOO COFFEE caloon and restaurant on
the water front, clcae to Market tt. ; dally
receipts about $C5; business clearing (300
per month; trial given; a splendid offer; in-
vestigate at once. See R. G. WILKE. 26b
Kearny it.
A— £<5OO; HOTEL and barroom with 80 rooms,
in Point Richmond; rent ?100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
company; owner never clears lesj than $300
per month. Call K. Q. WILKE. 26% ilear-
r.y st.
A— J1S0O; HALF interest in one of the be«i
corner saloons on water front: lease; dta*
agreement of partners cause of sale; will
tell whole for J34OO. Call R. G. WILKE.
2C^ Keorny st.
A — $1250: CORNER salocn on Fourth st-, close
to S. P. ft eight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen; a gcod paying business. - S*e
K. O. WILKE. 2(i»j Kearny tt.
A— $sw; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
rtore; rent $22; business clears above $100
per month; living rooms; value In tight.
Call R. O. WILKE. '.'flVi Keamy at.
A— S120C; COKK1CK tslcon and bakery; close io
Pheian building; a good paying basin-n.
' bu» must Le xacrlficed en account of owner
< being «itk in hospital. Particulars, K. U.
WILKE. 2C»4 Kearny «t.
A WHOLESALE snd retail butcher business
!n Monterey CouDty, with 6 acres of iand,
dweilirg house, slaushtrr house, shop fix-
tures, bciler. tank, tto.: 8 horses, wagons
end a well rstabJiffbed trade; this is a tirst-
clars tusires* rropokitloxi. Ail particulars.
R. <J. WILKE. 2CH Kearr.y st.
A— J.J5C0; CORNER saloon, about 1 block south
cf Chronicl* bl<5c; . nabll.-r.f d years ani a
flrst-claes i>ajir.g i.Uce: luii.-ht investigation
• (elicited ; tb!F is a very tare chance. Call
H. G. WILKK. 2<i>4 Kearny et.
I A— $."000; GENERAL merchandise store about
! 00 miles from this clly: a well-established
and rlrtt-class paying baslstts; yearly i&le^
sb^ut tlfi.UOO; all cash trade: :i very rare
rbauce. Particulars. H. G. WILKE, 2Ci»
Krarny tt.
A— V-'-'XO; DELICATESSEN store with lunch-
rc« m : r»;nt- $-J>); a goo^J paying business;
; la:pe stock; owner clears nt l^ist above ex-
i penset $125 p«r month; sickness only cause of
n'.e. It. <J. WILKK. 2<;',i Kesrr.y st.
¦FOR sale — Beautiful and picturesque health
r.ri summer n's.irt. 2 li^-^rs' rid.? from S.
!•".. "'•> minutes" ride from u |«i ; has 20
acres land, set with a.11 kinds fruits, flow-
era: beautirijl rrovtt-; 32-room hotel, wit.a I
¦ •ottafte of 4 rooms, ail furnished: nece-i&cry
outbnlldlngs, dance pa/UIon, bar, batli-
lirust-?. lake for rowir.s; raises cwn ve?-
e.taWe!«. jioultry and hay; 2 noraez. busclea,
Ihj.^. Jersey cow and ca!f. fliickcn*. bar fix-
turf-f. billiard fi'u!o. nev.- upright r,>iano; 3
> ears' !e?.se at S200 p?r year. ca*i pf-t longer;
One mlDeral Fpr-nee: win cure many dis- i
ea:cs; money in everything on nlacc; round
trip Sundays ?1 ."¦<> frcm S. F.T death cause
o r . ?al»; price ."2250. IAMERON. S F.ddy st.
FOR sale — P.rrt little rcr-taurant in city; rsct
$45: «er.tra!; rrccifts RJ5 to $40 <5iy: mu?t
leave lo-vtn; price $1200. CAMERON. :! Eddy.
FOP. sa!e or tred< — Quartz mine; :ir.e prcspe^t;
locatfd in <'ai.; attains fin to *70 ton: tr»dq
fr r'n "r hciFe it business. Caxarrun.3 Ed^y.
1 WILL bay a restaurant in a good business
location: don't csre what the trade Is at
preeeoi as lenjt as it is in a location v»h»re
boFincca ran t>- wo.-kfd uy: state location
snd lowest price It can be boueht for: no
"th«r ansvors noticed. Actdrets ! ox 2S2:.',
Call rff.r-e.
CALL ?,n\ t-re the list of lodging houses from
0i to 2Cw rroms; ch?a;> r-'nt*: h-itels. road-
hcvse*. falconf. ten surants. groceries, livery
F:abl*-s »«>ight and sold and exchanged:
rr.cney loaned en chattels: millinery store io
rechaage. EITCL.* CARROLL SI'S Kearny.
A THCROt'GHLY responsible business house
""'fir's intelligent vouns Iran ertth *5C03 to
$!0.iif)0 s« h n ad of a d/parOnent carrying F:it-
lefactorv "-slaty: <~<m^'.pr.'!n| nnd bank r^ier-
<-7ir» it'rrJrhfd: «-t;ue ace. reference ar ,,\ bust-
r.^rs fxr^riercc. Addrtss box ."CVS. trail.
t-no.CCO REOT:ir»ED t« b-jy out rnrtner 1n an
cld-establishfd comm>*sion hnuw of ?xce:-
lent name, nith connections and e!enT»n;s
that Injure continued success: orincipais
or.:v. Address, with referencrs. box ".CV2.
Call*
$2('Kl — PARTNER; party with three valuable
inventions wants capital: ful'. control Pacific
Coast States Riven: gowis are being Fold t.>
br«-*erW« and wir« d*Blers; larfre profi's;
forti::ie in s.ffht. Addrcswi box .'J020. Call.
AN old-*stabllshcd ni'.ofsale fru't producs
comnlsslca bnriiiew for ?sl« ch?a;>: owner
wishes to ictire or account rtf oi>'. f.gv; reason
fnr si'lllns- Ros 3C73, Call efflre.
FOR SALE — $200: 0 years established hair
business: livinr roonw; store trood for any
I business; rent ?30 i>rr mcrth; fine location.
17CX Market Ft.
WANTHI)— Man of ne.it aprwarar.ee' and r.o™t
habits as partnef in estaWish<d. proQtabli
businers: ro.'n; man under .""< years of age
preferred. 517 Eighth ft.. Oakland. |
HAVR v*"-*' »rythire rr» «^j! or mon»v r*> invent?
vl'ritc u« for pTrM«-«;ar*: Kic-n:a ?v«irywh<ir».
Altadena lnv»<»»m«>ni Syndics'*. 7<:V Mark-t
»? . *«n FraT<~i*cn. <"al •
A— WORKINGMAN'S h-nrrtlng-hoiye; K otA lo-
ratim: In* ren«; f.t»a<1y l^arrters; r.i> »i(:er.t.v
B-ix :^o:t. Call office.
j Al.t. k'nrts of butincFS bought, sold or ex-
\ changed i-y P. C LAS3EN & CO.. 400 Tenth
j j=r.. 'JaktanJ.
FOR 5?ile — One of the !>est paying stationery i
and biok ftrv* north of Market. Inquire
s.t C15 L8»-kin st.
$I2f>0; GEKUIXG map: half interest in team-
ing bus-inec* d'lir.g $tU per day: owner leav-
ing city. A'Mre^F box 4547. Cell office.
WANTED — Partner with SCW In advertlslr.g
f hsncp to make money. Call SKI
Van Xofs ave.. T. to fi.
J5C0— T>ARTN'Er.; fine bu-:lne«s: $2C0 to $300
month. Cox "205. Call office.
! $r.M> — Will feil at r?crifice snloon stock fix-
tures. f.<>od wlU. etc. Apply r.iC Clay st._
! PARTNER delicacy flnd r»Ftaurant ; complete:
wcrr.an preterre'j. INGRAM, 7iJ» Market st.
SALOON for sale cheap. $250. Particulars.
North St?r Brewery, Army ft., nr. Mission.
FOR BALE — Restaurant doing good business;
price Sl.'O. Call at 8 Mason St., room 2.
SHOE ttorv. J2 years' standing for rale cheap;
: good reuaiiitiK trade. }Jox H627. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant at a sacrifice; easy
terms. C.'SI* Poet st.
A BHA.NCH oifice of Th- Call for tne re;ep-
t.on cf advertisements .ind *ubjcrlptlon« ha«
teen ot*ned at I00S Markc-t tt;. cpposlt*
Fifth Or^r- until 1* n rn.
Lomaycj-iioi.'srcs cou sai.io.
H. C. DECKER. H. C. DECKER.
Phone Jr-hn !>.'{;.
ur<n Market rt. 9CK Market *\.. cor. Stockton.
Over .7 Years in Businrcs !n San Francl!??o. I
Square rVaMnjr. ICas;- T?rms. Clear Titlta.
Se» My I.ars«» and Small H.i;sains.
7 Tt. : in )'ost st. ; cr.ly $!«> cash *:0O
14 R.; t.-w»-il I.cd:tcn; etcC income .SOO
l<; U. : fu!1 <" roumen: firu- location
42 H. : rer.t s;r-<i: on J'c»t; ciesrs V^-H 2K00
12 U. : r«n*r on CUlfirata: •n-ort'i Si2fK>. 700
35 1t.:<m M«ik-t: "art of'.ice*: «70O
ItKMlCMBICR TiiAT DRCKKR
V.'Il! !x<an You Money en Any House.
7 K.: .'ii Go!d«-n «5.ne; f-ie^ant furnlli. J450
1< I: : .1 Gra:y: n.-w horse ft fnrn;.ure l..V^>
nt rt.; nrsir icntta'. part: clpar« $500 7,."KX»
)<n It. ; aunrlner.t houi>e: elejint I.'.imO
10>; R : OflicM ntiu trnn.'irnl; clears J>(j'jU^-7,5O(»
!• It. and hith; en Fulfn 1.1KN>
24rooais; bf*t In <-iiy i.4Tk>
S7-runm holism : clears iMI.Vl 2.WHI
:il rr,(;inr ; on Mark.t t'2 c.ntrancfs) 2.W)
t;n-r»jir.; trar.si'-r.t [ccner) X500
12 II.: on Geary: to exolianr* 8V»
Unvmi: vc-iy fine 4.2'.O
14 rt-.uin»-; on Mission 700
Stvitwrn: enrberi fine piace 1.500
7 it. and hsth; new flat: grvat bsrsain f'.'j
Ut IT.: linafllr.ir-h'jjsa; flr.'j <-ti r< r C.O!.'(>
14 If.: on Jessie; rent $4:t; cl'ari" S1C0.. MHJ
isi;.:(m St-.ck-rn ft.; < lea is $159 1.4CO
24 It.: new: rm flutters offer wanted.... 2,800
«'all fcr I^t'it of Lars* and Smali Hot's?R.
• 'all. 1 <-un yjii you. I have Tha houses
and must sell t»-.em.
II. C. DECKEtt. txx; Msrket. cor. Stockton.
C. E IIINKLi;r. PlfOXE^MlNT 736.
1020 Market Ft., opposite Fifth.
Reliable Dealing. Easy Terms. Clear Titles.
Former Patrons My Best References.
21 room?: near Market Bt $ 750
100 roO'Tis; *ran'd. sunny corner 7C00
4<) rooms; Van Ness ave. ; worth £1000... .1800
tt rooms; ch*-erful and homelike 175
IS rooms; <1 unfurnished; rent $45 500
35 'looms; transient; lease 1500
20 roorrs; lease; electric lights »i50
H rooms; Post st.: rent $32: only 250
14 rooms; Taylor ex.: speculation 750
7- room Bat; r.ewly furnished 350
A— JOSEPH PKIRM. T ~™
Room 72 St. Ann's buUdlr.g: 6 Eddy et
24 rooms; rent $G5: location O. K $i.S0O
50 rooms: Van Ness; boarding; cor.; map. .1500
11 rooms: furn & carp 1 mo old: cost $1000. 700
AND NOW THINK OF THESE:.
SO ROOMS: SITNNY CORNER; KENT $3
ROOM: ONLY $15CO
SO ROOMS: FURN. * CARPETS NEW «
MONTHS AGO; RENT flOrt S2100
FOR BARGAINS CALL ON
EKIRM, Room 72, St. Ann's building.
CliAinVOYAXTJ — C**nt1nti#.,|.
\ ~~ LIVORNC).'"
Th# U'riiH-Konown 1 "! PatmUt
And Crystal <?nr.»>r.
P. t TC^p^t^v p i , . ov*r HamTi*T"*rril^l* l^l^l'^***
*r- p«r»r«i* o! Mtn». L'vorno «n'l oHpln*.|
'<•*? itnnn'sit frnnn 'lis-tine'iinhed people »• en-
ttsP'*^: 3 <ju«stion« *iy mail. $1. S<>nd month
anil y»nr of bir»h.
ISMAR. fh» I'gyptUn ifyp«y. <-lalrvoy»nt «nd
palmist; te r ni»nently iocar»d nt 1104 Mark*t
M« cor. Turk; r<r<V8t* r»ad!«s« 'lnlly. trt
m. t" •> p rn.: «a«1lne* ).y mall «<«*»ntlsfac-
tr.ry bp In person: :> »iiio«tinn» «n*w«r»d. Si;
hill i'f". 15: f-nd I«w!c "f hi'r. d«t« and y»ar
of birth: d«nt send currency; send postofflce,
Wf-lis-Kargo mon«>y r.ru«;r or registered letter.
THE Original Romany Gypsy Queens.
MADGE, OMKOA. DEBORAH. CLEO. .
I'ahnisty, c.->.i-d readers, clairvoyants;:^ trance
readers. Tiiey will inform you .correctly of
>our destiny, adaptabilities, future - coDdl-
tlcns: no fairy talts; truth cnly. 2S5 Geary
St., near Powell. •
MRS. A. H. KRONEN'BKROi palmist, clalr-
voyant, card reader; wbtn nth»rs fail try m<:
cood r»ad!rg l«c. T2t Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
A — Mnip. Kavenna reads Mfe. busin»S5i aJvice:
names given; 2.*.c i:p. Ti 4th »t., neHr Mark*t.
MISS WARD, removed to 917 Markat. rs. 11-12.
Rives names, dates, facts. Hours 11 to 9 p.m.
MRS. BROWN, rlairvoyant. card reader, re-
moved frcm l.'W eth to 23\i f itn: la. 25c. g. SOc.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c.
{j»nt:- TOc. i». r >I Mission st.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and rard reader la city.
2'IH Kearny. rocm 20: ladies./ 25c; grants. 50c,
MRS. PHAFFH. dnirioyant. cord reader; «it-
tinps cally. 44<K 3«-«gjp st.. b»t. f.th nnd K'h.
CAKl'Klj ukatim; .4xn t;LKA\i.\fi.
AIR row universally used in ckaning carpets
oA floor, without- removal; price moderate.
P. F. Com pressed - Air Cleaning Co.. Call
buildir.-. Phone Main 52:57.
V» T I'EN y-m becom» dlsjrcsted with your wi.-k
fend for SPAL'LDING'S Vioneer Carp^t-brat-
ir.s WorJ:s. .^55-357 Tehama st. : tel. South -JO.
TRY Hopke Bra*.; carpet heatln?' mattrenses
made over. 14;!2 Howard; tel. Si'ith 216.
WESTERN Carpet Clfanln? Works. ISCD Har-
rlsnrt st. : AI 'cleaning: :lc; :el. Mission 225.
ADVANCE Corppt Cleanlr.it Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
«fl. Main :£*{. CEO. VVALCQM A CO., Props.
RUDOLPH A- CO . carpei-beating wcrk?:pr1c^s
reascr.nbl'». 1T0.1 Harrison at.: tel. Mission 2CS
CONKT.IN'S Superior Carpet-beating Wcrks.
X'.l Golden iintc nv». ; te'opbone East 120.
COLLECTIOX OKFICKS.
P.A1> tenants ejected for -*t: coll»ction« mnd-»;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, room* 0-lfi; tel. 5*86.
CRE2ZT CL0TZX££S.
BUY. ycur euits and «vcrcf>iif at LICHTKX-
FTK'N BROS.. 2. r > Stockton st . nn !«m«,l
we*K!y payments; enr^l-" d-llvered <in rtrm
Wj-mrnt. , •
cztee3 nrj?ra»E. ~
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. fUDu Market st.
Sen.l for circular. Whv will you suffer?
DENTISTS.
DR.1 GKUS3, frtH-5-0 CaKaKhan b!d-j.. Market
and McAP.it tor *ts:.. uses th« Bas'ord Obtun-
der; tbe cnli device evtr [nytated lor giind-
ing-, dri.litis a::d excaTRtlnx teeth without
pain. Fcr demonstration call at i Iftce.
DR. LT'ELUM HILL. 1411 Market.nr. Eleventh
— No c'-argf for extracting when plates nre
made: old plates made nver lllte new; te*ih
Iron: $> per set; rxiractlng 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot brfaV;
vvrtanled 20 yrs.; crown. $;J 50: rillings. SOc:
plates. S5; full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist,
room 14. Phelan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Farlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth SI 50 up; crowns $2 up:flllings 25c.
. GOLD f.Jilnrs 7*e; silver 35c; crowns $2; no
rain: open Sunday Dr.O.B.Hewiu.201 Sutter.
tmUSiOiAttttRS AM) SlSA.'.lS'I'HKSSKS
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
Mrs F. Sch\var:ke, fashlnnnble dressmaking:
from Earl; prices nasonable. 2!)3.". Howard.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1011> Mkt.-
EDUCATIONAL.
A.NOTHKll Enlartemen: — C'Klifcirnia Business
Coli'.-ge ino\«-s tbe firat of the year to lu
new home, ::ul-925 Uoid^n Gate avr.. occu-
pylr.g l.s.000 iquate feet, the entire top floor
of the new I'iorieir Autcmoblle blilc, oppo-
«ie Lcrfiutll»:l Jeff-rscn fcquare; every modern
icita for liealth. comfort and progress of our
.students; departrr.enta all reoreanized and re-
lurnisiied; uccuplca larger tpace than any
othor two business colUgps on the coast;
write at dice for our 75-page Illustrated
catalogue, giving full information about our
1'5 t.ej- cent removal discount. Address U00
l.arkiu tt.
ALWAYS th- hest — We nre enlarging our
•juartera .".0 ncr tent; other schools: are mov-
Ine farther out to «5ctire cheap rent, our lo-
<ation is central, among the business houses,
Eivins advantages in ei-curing positions, alt-o
conwnient car « rviee: experienced bur-infgs
men as teatbers; actual business bookke«"P-
• Ing: Grt-Kg rhorthatid (used In half the
xchools in America): typewriter at home
free. SAX FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
l.KGK. I23G Market st.
AYRES. the'lea'Ji'ng business college, 72:t Mar-
ket St.: established is years: life scholar-
Shlp, $50: boukkt^pirg. shorthand, touch typ-
ing, aritJimetlc, stielllng,' etc.: Dcslllons se-
cured ; tiie college refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jan. I. Catalogue
free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languaK-s, telegraphy. English jranches; day
and nlrht fc-riricn«; Illustrated catalogue free.
TIIK Lyceum, an accredited preparatory «chocl
for the tinUeiFity, lay and medical colleges;
ref., PreMdt-nt Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day arid evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL.. GEKSON School of Acting, the
loremest institution of the kind In the entire
WeotT 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Na-
tlve Sons' uldg.. 414 Mftson st. '
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305- Larkin st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
craduates; modern methods; Individual In-
Etructtcn. Write for illustrated catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day eves.. Teutonla Hall. " Howard st.. nr.
!>th. Prof. Koster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEliRlNG-^Civil. dec. niln.. m»eh.. sur-
. vey, assay, rysnlde; day. «v.; est. 1S04. Van
der Nalllen School. li;t Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY. Peralta . Park.
• Berkeley, bearding school for boys under 15.
¦ BRO. GENEBERN. Director. .*._¦¦•
HEALU'S School of Mines & EIectriclty,24 Post
st., S. F.; a uractlcak school of engineering,
complete equlDment. Special catalogue :free.
SCHOOL OK ILLUSTRATION......*. .Day and
1'ARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.... Night class.
EDUCATIONAL — Continued.
PIANO lessens. 25c half hour. MRS. PKCK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, ar. Sixth.
PRIVATE lessons; penmanship and English:
t'.ay cr nisht. 530 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, booVikeeplng.grammar. writing,
etc. ; day or eve : ?5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.Kth.
KMl'LOVJUKXT OFKICKS.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post rt.: I'l- Bush 135—
Japaii'se-CHnes* employment office; fur-
nishes be«t help: contract" for farm help. »lc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese.
- Chinese help. 42B Powell. Tfl^Malr. W83.
A— GRAND Japar.e?<?-Chlnese Emp. Of1c». 4i5
Stockton: tei. Grant IflS! expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japan^e-Chlnese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main SIS'*.
CHINESE' Employment Office — Best h»lr at
Leon Seuns'*. 411H OFarrell: tel. Ens' VH.
<*HINKSE ond .'apanese h»lp: estab. 20' yearn
7?1. Main 1F07, BRADLEY ft CO.. 040 CUy.
RHFLOYJIEM WA.NTEIJ FEMALE.
I A SWEDISH t-ecotid girl flrst-o:ass waitns3;
best references. MRS. NORTON, .'-la Suiter.
A YOUNG Kirl wlfhea lifrht work; lu a pood
j geamtsress. MRS. MOKTOX. 313 setter.
i AN American g-irl. fir.st-claE3 cook: cm take
full charge; references. MRS. NORTON,
31" Sutter.
NORTH German lady, grsxiuaU of Gprnian
normal schcol. takes children jut ror walks
or entertains thtm at thfir hotn-es on;, tw;i or
tliiee h«'urs during rorsnxm, speaking Ger-
man with th*m. 2130 r.u«h st.
A FIRST-CLASS lauR.ircsa tvith a daus'.-.ter
«oulil lii;c to taUs care of a house or sor.ie
property; wages not so mu-.-h an object.
Address hex '.12C0, (.'fill otflce.
RESPECTABLE woman. i3 gooil cook ard
laundress want 1 'itu.tion in private Amer-
ican family, city or country: moderate
wanes;, r-fc recces, 7f»S Folsora tt.
A COMPETKNT laundress and hjusect-aner
want? "ley's trork at fl per day; reference*.
Box SCtS, Cail.'
DRESSMAKER withes a fpw more en^are-
nirnts by the day; evening, hall, w^dd ng.
embroidered. taiijr-niK'le gowns and Jvening
wrap* <s specialty: prrfer taking work home;
refrreme givcp: $1 j.tr day. 713 .Post *t. ;
phonf I.-iikin 2C:J7.
GOVEIJ?CE£3 wishes petition; thorou^sh. esperi-
cnt^ii t-.a(h*r ard muscian; piano. vo!c»
crflture. Ctniian. F.nciich branches, lltcr-i-
turo; t?rins. *:i:. references: i-our.try prt--
rerred. Box 3C^. Cal! otflce.
YOUNG, refinrd Sw«*lirh Inily v,-is-h?s a place
us housekeeper; und^rttaml? Iwth French
" end American eocklna ani I" willing Jo
teach ciiiidrcn mu«ic ai:d languaK^* Aadress
bo.\- i:>l.\. Cail efflce.
WANTED — P'? experienced nur?e. tak? fuM
charge of baby from birtli. wait un invalid.
l!«!p witii light houstwevk. Ca.l at 757
Harrison st.
JIIDDi.iC-ACELi wfiman will cook or will do
any kind cf kltafcrn work: nj objection io
rcstaurBnl". "t!! ShlDley ?t.
EASTERN woman of 'much experience would
l:ke jiositicn housekeeper! best cf reference.
Ansor.ia apartments, rcom 610.
NEAT colored slrl from Ntw York ns wait-
ress, clitmbc-rmaid or cook; car far?. IOCS
Clay st.
WOMAN wishes oosition aa cook: French.
Spanish or lta.'lan c.jo.k!n2. Address 1717 ]
Hyde st.
WANTED — Position to do plain ccoklng and
r hoUfework. K. AKUTb't?. )^t Haisht st.
YOUNG woman wants to assist with house-
work arid care of children. Box 3«47, Call.
WANTED — A position by competent cook. 1201
Powell st. .
ADVF-RTISKMKNTS. subscriptions received al
Call Brrtnrh nfn>*\ cor. P»mcan fir Church sts.
WANT »d» nnd subscript ions mken for Th*
Call at l-iafrtn's Bazaar. ri.!:i McAIItster si.
EMPLOV5IK\T WANTED MALE.
POSITION wanted— A reliable married man:
understands care of horses, carriages and
harness and can milk; wife good eook and
laundress; references. S. D., 77 JCinth s'«
EXPERIENCED office man wants extra work
evenings: compensation small; reliable. Box
CC07. Call office.
Al ELECTRICIAN; 10 years" practical experi-
ence in electric llsht and power plant of high
voltage: installing. £etting up and all repairs;
wants t.osition aa superintendent of small
company or as electrician with construction
rempant" - years' technical traininz; beat or
rpfe.-er.res. Itox 3gW.-Call.
A YOUNG nan, steady and capable, desires
pcsltlcn in private pla^e: good sarut-ner;
thoroughly ur.dersipnds horses: p-ocd driver.
y»UdrCSH box SS7, Call office, Oakland.
PHYSICIAN. 20 years' experience In electro-
therapy, desires partnership or salaried po-
sition: best references. Addrtss Physician,
Call Branch. SCO Hayes st.
POSITION, wantcd^-A reliable married man;
understends care' of horses, carriages and
harness and can milk; wife good cool; and
laundress; references. S. D.. 77 Ninth st.
A SOBER Swiss commercial traveler, apeaking
and writing English. German. French. Ital-
ian, Spanish, is looking for a sltuaiicn; best
references given. Offers to box 4511, Call.
BY miorile-apul ni»n and r.-ife tKngllshl situ-
ations with prlvnto family or ranch: late
Meward and rtcnanW?* .'n (=hip: ri-ferencf».
Ad.lr«-s« A. TUCKF.R. 210 Knst nt.. P. F.
DRAi;GIIT3MAN,.,age 25. wants position; me-
chankal friaduate; 2 year3' experience; ref-
erenefs. Box 4512. Call office.
WANTED — Po-ltion as rmc'xke?per. sto;k. Wll
' or ahippirg; clerk by marritd man. 28; s(;ber;
good habits. Box atioO. Call office.
GRADUATE In pharmacy and medicine must
have enjT>'cyment; honect. rober. willing.
Dcctor. 611 Polk st.; phone Hyde 181.
CARPENTER warts work: will do any kind
•'of carpenter work; references. Carpenter,
1C0S Hyde st. _ ¦
WANTED — A position on fruit or poultry
farm: can run incubators and brooders. J.
K.. box 4812, Call.
EX PKRT~GAS0LIN H ENGINEER is opfn for
p<.siticn on Jan. 1. Address- Engineer. 41'S
. O'Fanell st.. c'.ty._ Box 35'JO. Call.
YOITNG | man, .'10. desires a position of trusl
with some rcsnonsihle house, looking to ad-
vanrement. Address box 3501. Call.
GERMAN of Rood education and appearance.
sobfT and reliable, wants position in wine or
liquor store. Box 3U72. Call efflce.
SHIPPING elerk: young man comp-tcnf for any
place a» a shipping clerk would Uku a 'situa-
tion with some rel^ble firm. Box ."(.67. Call.
GERMAN. :!5, stranger In city, will give $5 for
Information by which he may procure work of
fccme kind. MKYER. ;12" Grant ave.
EDUCATED young -man wants position; will
do any kind of work. Box y5SS. CaU.
MAN and. wife would like " positions to do
charaberworic. Box 3617. Call office.
GARDENER wants position:' flowers, fruits,
vegetables; unmarried; age 34. Box 3675, Call.
\VAXTEp^3^ALE.^
MAX wants work as millwright or carpenter.
Address box 3C<2. Call office.
WANTED — ?y a young attorney, a pesition in
a law or Attract office. Box «6o0. Call.
GOOD - barber seeks steady employment.
BARBER. 11C4 Page St.. city.
GARDENER wants situation: flowers, vegeta-
bles; single; age 34. i Box 4545. Call office.
JAPANESE high school boy wants a place In
city or country; wages no obiect. N. KOB-
AYASHI. Japanese Mission. 807 Polk st.
A JAPANESE wants position aa schoolboy. II.
NIKKI. 405 Post st.
¦ gACIAIi MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: SOc. M. LUTON. manl-
curing pariore. 7C4 Larkin St.; phone Polk 17.
• ' FINANCIAL
HALFMOON Bay — A new company now organ-
izing- owns nearly completed well only 400
feet from the Independent gusher; officered
by men of highest reputation: small amount
of stock Is offered at organization price.
DEBENTURE SURETY CO-.Rialto bdg.,S.F.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. II. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agect. S22 Emma Sprockets b!dg.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and -flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage o*
this department; it will cave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furaiture Co.. 215-250 Geary
it., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed In our renting department: let us give
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. lttIO Market it.; aervlces abso-
lutely frre.
LARKIN. lt>16— FINE 5- ROOM FLAT: LARGE
YARD: DRY BASEMENT; FRENCH
RAMIE: LAUNDRY; FINEST LOCALITY;
FURNISHED OR UNFURN.; A SNAP.
FRANKLIN. 10-11, near Geiry — Modern flat of
7 room* an^ b.ith: rent $45. VON RHEIN
R. E. CO.. 513 California st.
PRETTILY furnished flat; 5 room«, bath. 1906
£teiner; rent $40. Inquire 1S05 Steiner.
MASON, 11.12 — Modern, sunny flat. 7 rooms,
bath; vacant by January 1. 637 Pine st.
UNION. 106.". near Leavenworth — Sunny upper
flat. 6 rooms and bath; marine view; $30.
$27 50— NEW. modern flat! « rooms, bath,
basement. 134 Eureka st.. near Eighteenth.
FCKMTIRU FOR SALE.
NEW oak bedroom set; also household goods.
Inc. beddlnsr. kitchen ware. 1312U Mission.
hlUMTtRE: WA.VTED.
A — UIgE£*t price paid for fur.. carpets, etc Mrs.
T. B. Selby. Equitable Fur. Co.. S12 Larkin.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP. auctlom«r.lSl.s Mkt.:tel.Howard 2755.
A. WOLLI'ERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, renttt. rer«lrf>. racks furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A— COOK *nd second girl for same house for
small family in city. $30. $25; a waitress
rind rar'or maid for city. $25: a laundress
f.;r first-class place. $*>; a cook for small Ger-
man family. $40: a French nursery gOTrrn-
e-;y. £ :0: a cook for smaU restaurant. $30;
two waitresses for boarding-houres. $25 each:
n nurse for infant $10; 40 yiils for ether
Kood iilac-s, $20 to $•'<:>. MISS PLUNKETT.
425 Sutter et.. near Powell.
TWO waitresses for same hotel, $-'I0 and board,
but no room: also 4 other boardmg-hou.-e
WftUreSfes. S-25 rr.ch. iliSS PLUNKETT.
425 Butter St.. near Powell.
A COOK $-13: two second girT*. $"n and $25;
houte girl. $."5O: nurse girl, $20. MRS.
NORTON. :Ji:; Sutter.
A— WANTED— Girl* to learn ha*rdr&sstng.
manicuring, etc.: trnde taught from A to Z
in 2 wfr?ks: $5 to these «r.t»r!ng now; 3 po-
ritlonx to Mil immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $lu ot-r week up: leaaing «c&ooi m
V.'es-t. 23.'! Geary st.. rocm 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
icn; l:«.th reasons taught from start to nn!*n
in 1 month fur $10; positions as trimmers,
valesladit-s. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. IX
A— LADIES to learn ail branches balrtlresstrg
trade: menicurtnr, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ker »:.. cor. Jones, rocm 04: positions secured
fit highest wages: day and eve. class: call.
SKVV1NG MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETEP.S. NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARi ;
PAID SALARY. LEV1 STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 3-'»4 FRF.StONT ST. AXD 1S73
WlilSlON. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LUKCB waitress. C0« Fourth, tt.
CIRIi to do light housework; sleep at home.
LCDS Golden Gate ave.
GIRLS and ircners wanted. National Laundry.
411 Sanchez et. •
WANTED— Girl to wait at table in restau-
rant. 1!>4 First st.
WANTED— A girl to do general hourework.
OllVi I.arkln st.
TALENTKD amateur performers. Apply at
Ohut«s C .i. rn. \V«Inesdav; salary no object.
INDU3TRTOUS business women capable of
handling mercantile proposition can secure
employment with the. Royal Mercantile Co.:
genteel work: good compensation. Suite 19,
Columbian building. 91B Market st.
A YOUNG lady thoroughly experienced In
double-entry bookkeeping ; must b c good pen-
man: permanent porition to right party. S.
I«. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
WANTED — Elderly German woman to assist;
good, plain co.>k"; neat: small family: adults;
good home; $10. Address box 3R52. Call.
YOUNG lady can eorn tuition fold'ns circu-
lar?, etc. S. F. Bern. College. 12-Jtf Market.
GIRL or woman for cooking ar.J downstairs
work; adults. 1015 Golden Gate ave.
A GOOD conversationist to teach and train
employes. Box 3H74. Call. , - . •'¦.
PROTFSTANT girl for general hou«»work; $20
month; no washing. 251S Pine si.
FIRST-CLAPS »tenoKrar»b»r» furnished. Mlaa
M. O. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
• CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cal! branch office. 2200 Fillroore.
A BRANCH r.frtce cf The Call for the recep-
tion of advertls«m*nts and subscriptions has
been evened at 10OS Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
IIF.I.P WASTED HALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN &. CO.'S. . .Phone jDrant 1S5
Barkeeper, country hotel: only those with
flr.-u-class city references need apply $10l>
Cook, country hotel $10
Porter, country hotel, fare paid $25
Bellboy, country hotel, fare paid $15
Porter, country hotel $23
Stableman, private stab.'e*. country $30
."Tan and wife, teamster and cook. ccuntry.$5O
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush at.
A GERMAN berr lirewer for country: no other
brewery within 2C0 miles cf this town; best
of wages paid; would prefer a man wha tan
take an interest: none need appiy unless they
have the best cf references. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 42"J Bush st. ;. , v
A~PAC1FIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
020— Sacramento St. — 520
Phone Main 1191. Cor. LeidesdorfT ft.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— NEW MEXICO.
SHIP MONDAY NIGHT TO
CHI.CO. BUTTE CO.— HALF FARE.
35 2 anu 4 horse teamsters. $2 25 and $2 50.
5 laborers, cheap fare. $2 25 day; :: tunnel-
men, north, SCO £.nd found; 5 ranch hands;
teamsters* all over: farmer and wife, north.
$4K and found; coolc and chores, ranrh, $25
and found; cock, private family, $25 and
found, city; »J woodchoppers. nine, $1 5o
cord: Tuolumne County, ranch; cook. east.
. AT PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st. — 520.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 50 Third sx. .
WOODSMEN.
5 crosscut sawyers. $50 and beard.
LUNCH COOK. GERMAN.
Lunch cook and/iiorter for saloon, $r.O and
hoarJ.
. ¦ TEAMSTERS.
10 two tnd four horse teamsters. $75 month.
Open Sunday. 10 ts 12. CAL. Ellf.
AGENCY. 5:> Third »t.
AT San Franc'sco Employment Buivau. 27»i
Fourth st. — 2 bollerrnakfrs, $.1 S) a day;
man and wife, restaurant. $40 fcund; la-
borers, city. $2 a day. :
LUNCH waiter. 6C6 Fourth st.
TRY our men's shoes, union, made, at $1 and
. $1 50 , per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
rrtrnped!; rho a *. $.1 !">: be« thoes on earth, ll
Third st.. Exam. bldz.. 5 doors from Market.
HF'.P WAXTRn — 1» if.* — r n »t,, M <.
A— MURRAY & READY. «S34-«'.;e Clay st.
i'hone Main 3S4-S.
leading Emplcyrr.ent and l^a'uor Aeent».
I£C2 \\> Gave 19o:j We'll Giv«
45.0T0 Men Work. fll.Oli) Men Wo::t.
ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT.
LOOK.
German or Sramlinavian cook and wife; ho-
tel. $50 and found.
5 cooks. $"O. $!«, $3i.\ $go aad found.
25 farm nar.ds.
DON'T FORGET— $9.
ARIZONA TO-DAY TRE^COTT
Steady Jots; 2 years. BIG WAUEd.
ITALIANS.
40 Italians to chop wood: tools found*
NEW R. U. WCRIC
153 Italians or F'crtugueee. $0O.
135 Greeks or Spaniards. $S0.
155 Austrians or Mexican.". tCTt
LAUNDRT.
Ironer, laundry, south, week.
CATHOLIC OIVRCH.
Sexton, voting cr middle-asred matr. S25 fi.
MURRAY & READY. 6a4-CG3 Clay a:.
2 BARTENDERS, found.
LOOK.
Raker, institution. $40 on1 found.
Raker, city, bread, cake. $e5.
Teamstc-r and wife, ranch, fare $1; bc»
here. $50 an.l found.
SIGN PAINTER: 5 bnya learn trade*.
Blacksmith, tool charr*ner. mine, $30.
0 vineyard prun>rx. S2t5 found.
COOD JOBS.
12 two and four horse teamsters, $67 50 and
$75 per month: good Jobs.
German brewer fcr Nevada State.
2 painters. $2 50 u> $3 day.
Hotf 1 clerk. ??."> fd. : bread baker, $40 M.
MURRAY & READY. 634-«-'J6 Clay St.
WANTED — Man ar.d wife for private family
as ganlfner and cook. $50; farmer and wife
for vineyard. $.V); carpet and wall Pftptf
salesman furnishing coo<l3 salesman. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 028 Sacramento st.
WANTKD — Fcr U. B. trmy. able-bodisd. un-
married men. between agea of 21 and ;i5. citi-
zens of United State*, of good character and
temperate habit.", who can apeak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
trultinB Officer. Rlalto buildic*. New Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco, or Masonic builds
In?:. Sacramento. Ca).
A— L. ~~ ' la
Men to learn the barber trade in two menth*
and veerure cood positions; catalcgua and full
information mailed free. MOLKR System
College. 635 Clay St.
BARBERS, take notice — Election of offlcsrs for
the ensuing term takes plmce Monday. Dec.
2". Fine of $1 for non-atten-iance. By order
of the union. JOS. R. BLSILY. Secretary.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes halN
tol'fi when you can set it done for 25e. 50a
and fOc while you wal; at •"!£> Mission St.,
bet. If* and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st. ?
WANTED — Small boy. who lives In Mission,
to drive butcher wason. 2707 Howard, near
Twenty-third.
YOUNG man with some experience In ths
l^utchor rufiptss to solicit and deliver or-
ders. Tietjen's Market. 3035 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 50 reliable younc Protestant, whit*
American men. IS to 21 years. Box 2C39, Cal!.
BT'TCIIER: young man: eausaye-makex. 1307
Polk at.
STEADY sober ycun* man as dishwasher.
Apply early at 211 Sixth st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop: youisy colored
man preferred. 790 Geary st., cor. Hyde.
GOOD cock. Apily farly at 012 Michigan st..
n^ar Union Iron Works.
BARBER shop. 2 chair*, very cheap If soil
at once. 41S Larkin st.
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; fnot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
WANTED— For U. S. Marine Corps, abi--
fccdled unmarried men. between 21 and US:
pond character: mest apeak, read and writ*
Fnicilsh: marines serve at a*a on men-of-
war In a'l part3 of the world, on land In our
island pesse'stens and at naval statlonj lr»
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 E"l» »t.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K st.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Men ami women ta l»arn th» bar-
ter trad- In th*> most practical colleses in
the United Ptatfs; cheapest. qutckf!«t ir..l
most bu?ln»ss-l:k* method. For part'eulari
call or address Western College of Barbers.
647 Commercial St.. Pan Francisco
WANTED— An all around bookbinder; one who
can ilo forwarding and f.nish:nir on tall
bo'tnd*. Appiy saxeor:;, vail & co.. 7*1
Market at. ,
WANTED — Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Rero House proprietor. hi«
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third et.: 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
YOUNG man with traveling experience In bi-
cycle ar.i! sportlrff good." lines for whole-
rale house: state age. salary ani experience.
Address bcx C21. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Active man. of3ce and out3ida
work: do coMect'.r.c; salary $50 month; c.T»h
deposit ?200 required. Rm. S. IS Montgomery.
SALESMEN gents' fur., dry goods, shoe trade;
small sid* lin» of merit. Jewelette Co..
A I wood bldg.. Chicago.
GOOD Fheetlron workers and pipefitters Mon-
day morning TAYLOR & PRITCHARD,
14 Market st.
BARBERS — I want to buy a 2 or 3 chair out-
fit. Adi!re«>. giving particulars and price,
box 3fi?G, Call office.
PALMER' HEXDRIKSON. formerly of Seatt'.ol
is earnestly requested to T.rlts to his sorrow-
Ing mother or come home.
PENSION ATTT.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis at.: 14
years' practice; references from thousands oC
persona for whom I hava secured pensions.
FEEDER for Job press: neat shop. EDW. 8.
KNOWLES. 21 Second St.
SAILORS and green hands for South Seaj; do
experience necessary. 504 Davis st.
MEN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741A Howard st.
SEAMEN for Australia and Europe; also green
hands for whaling. HERMAN'S. 22 East st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. BulMs. room 40. Phelaa
bldg. Pa at Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
McEONALD & PERRY have a large etock of-
naw and second-hand shoes: cheap. 233 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH efflce of The Call for th» reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has b?«n
craned at 1003 Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open rtatil 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hali
price. D&> Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GFT your shoes half soled while waiting; 73o
to BOc. KKt Mission »t.. bet. 1st and 2d »t%.
HOUSES AXD WAGOXS.
FOR SALE — Handsome trap cheap. Addres*
box :i759. Call office.
HORSH for sale; $35. 1400 Guerrero St.. bet-
0 nnd 10 a. m.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagoa
and go-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, feuckb'd. sur-
rey.harnes3.work,dr:vlng horses. 13th-V«l«3cU
HOUSES TO LET. ~
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G.H.VMBSKN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense t!st;
service al*olutely free; take advantage of
tbia department: It will save you lime asJ
trouble. Cordes Kurnltur* Co.. 243-233 Geary
tt.. on th* square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
_to Ut. BALDWIN it IIOWKLL. 25 Post at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 certs — The Weekly Ca'.l.
15 pages. In wrapper, for maillnr. $1 per y*a.r.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— Gold class pin: •croll "P. H. 9." O.
Pttsch on back. Return- to 5C3 Van Ness
ave.; reward.
LOST — At Orpheum Sat. matinee. bla<-!: sir*
boa black velvet bows on strings. Return,
to 14^-1 O'Farrell it. end receive reward.
LOST— Last Saturday, iadj'a goM watch: In-
itials "J. B. W." $10 reward If rrturneJ
to 1171 Jackson st.
LOST — Ger.l!« man's solltatr» dlemoml rinT.
h«-a>y ernlxia^ed jrold setting: r.-ward. Mis.
?I. R.. room 11 Hotel Stewart, 401 Ellis Bt.
LOST— $10 reward: lest Dec. 21, 1003. either a:
ferry buiMlns cr on Castro-st. car No. 115,
a lady's fur cape; return to 2C5 Drumm at.
LO?T — 2 black and 1 r»J cow. P!er<*e tnforra
JOE KKN.NEI.. Six-m;le House. Sm Bruno
road. \
LOST — Between Haisrht anti Valencia «ts.. go!(J
watch with brad'd foh- Cnder will be sJ".t-
•My rewarded. Box «g3. Call office.
LOST — Cose containing diamond ring and stud,
between fl»r«-s and I>evlsadero. Scott aaj
Fulton. 12C« Fulton rt. ; $20 rewarl.
LOST — Lady's gold watch, Sunday; monogram
"J. B. F."; liberal reward. R. 50TJ. Call b!i.
LC>ST — Small aum of gold. Return U» 1 City
Hall r-!ace and receive rewax4.
THE LITTLE THINGS
Of life, business life, are the foundation stones of success for the big
things. Look around and you will find that something has been neglected.
A Call Want Ad. will come to the rescue ar.d help you immeasurably. .TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Pttamer. , From. J Due.
Ccronado Grays. Harbor .(Dec. 27
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Dec. 27
8. Barbara... Seattls & Olympia [Dec. 27
Cbico Coquille River IDec. 27
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Dee. 27
Arcata Coos Eay & Pt Orford. Dec. .27
Chehalis Grays Harbor ........ Dec. 27
Eureka Humboldt » Dec. 2S
Titanla. ...... Nanaimo Dec. 23
Pomona Humboldt ". Dec. 23
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 2S
State of Cal. San Diego St. Way Pts. Dec. 2S
Leelanaw.... Tacoma Dec. 'Sit
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 29
W.'H. Kruger Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 29
Curacao Mexican Ports Dec. 29
Marlposa Tahiti Dec 29
North Fork.. Humboldt Dec. 29
Czarina Coos Bay Dec. 3O
Peru New York via Panama. Dec. 30
Spokane. Humboldt Dec. .ii
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 31
Point Arena. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Dec. 31
G. W." Elder.. Portland & Astoria Dec. 31
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports Jan. 1
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. .... Jan. 2
Centralla. . .. Grays Harbor Jan. .*
J* Dollar.^.. Seattle & Tacoma I Jan. 3
Rival Willapa Harbor f Jan. 5
Alameda Honolulu Jan. 5
Coptic China & Ja pan Jan. 5
Columbia Portland & Astoria Jan. 5
Son Juan New York via Panama. Jan. 7
Queen Puget Sound Ports. .. . IJan. 7
Steamer. Destination. j Sails. I Pier.
December 28. I
Coos Bay,. San Pedro & Way.l 9 am|Pier 11
C.Panama.. N Y. via Europe. .|12 m| Pier 40
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay| 5 pmlPler lrt
F. Leggett. Astoria & PortlandjlO amIPfer 2
Phoenix Mendocino City 1 1 pmlPler 13
December 39. I
Elizabeth.. Coquille River I 4 pmlPler 20
W Kruger. Los Angeles Ports. 1 10 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos B.-Pt. Orford.]l2 m Pier 13
Columbia.. Astoria & Portlandlll amIPier 24
December 30. I I
Eureka HumboMt J 0 amiPIer 13
Rainier Seattle & Whatcomf 4 pmlPler 10
.Pomona j Humboldt 11:30 plPler 9
N Maru... China & Japan 1 pmlPler 40
Chlco. ....'• j Coquille River .... 6 pmlPler 2
i December 31. I r>
State Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 amIPier 11
Bonlta Newport & Way .. 9 am(Pier 11
Sierra Sydney & Way 2 pmlPler 7
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPier 20
January 1. I •
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm, Pier 20
January 3. J
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Acapulco... N. Y via Panama. 12 mlPler 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. Ill amfPier 9
January 3. I t
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandlll amiPIer 24
-,. : January 6. II
Marlposa... Tahiti direct ill amjPier 7
Umattlla... Puget S.n:nd P.jrts.lll amjPler V
January 7. I 1
Siberia ChirTa ft Japan I 1 pmiPier 40
Curacao.... Mexican Ports |lt> ami Pier H
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. • I For. Sails.
Excelsior j Cooks Inlet A Way Pu Jan. 1
Cottage City. I Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 1
Farallon..... Skagway"& Way Ports. Jan. 3
Bertha i Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. jfan. 10
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrivtd Dec 27— Star
Finland, from Antwerp, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Dec 27— Stair Ifer
nia. from Llvenxiol. for Boston.
GIBRALTAR— Passed Dec '_•« — Stmr Carpa
thla. from Naples, fcr New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrivtd Dec 27 — Stmr Utn
bria. from New York, via Queenstown.
NEW TORK — Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Island,
from Copenhagen; stmr Mlnn-hsha, from i<ua
dOB. ¦'
VICTORIA— Arrivtd L'ee 27— Br stmr Oaafa.
hence Dec 24: Jao itmr Shlnano Maru, from
Hongkong.
OCEAN STEAMER3.
for Eureka. Dec 23— Ear* Santiago, for San
Francisco. ..
FOREIGN PORT.
The- steamer. Santa Barbara, ninety-two
hours from Seattle bound to Redondo. put
Into port yesterday to land passengers, and in
th r afternoon again went to sea, bound on
her southern course.
Santa Barbara I.ant!s Passengers.
• v . Orerducs.
The following vessels are quoted on the re-
Insurance list: Willy Rickmers. 100 day* o\i\
from Rangoon to Bremen. 15 per cent: Paris.
220 days out from Hamburg to Honolulu. HO
per cent: W. J. P.. eightv-flve days out from
Newcastle 'to Can Francisco, 10 per cent.
The United States armored cruiser New
York, now lying in the stream off th> foot of
Folsom street dock, was vttited by great
crowds of sight-seers, who took advantage of
the beautiful day - to take a trip on the bay
and at th« same tlm? Inspect the warship.
Crowds Visit the New York.
Joe Bush who cUlmed to be an old ¦ sol
dier, fell oft the dock at the foot of Mission
etreet yesterday morning at an early hour.
His cries for help attracted the attention eff
tome passers-by, and he was puHe'l out of
the bay anr# taken to th#. Harbor Emergency
Hospital, where he vai restored to can
cciousness. Ha taid his bath was due to too
much Christmas Joy.
Tnkes Early Morning Dip.
C. Hughes, who was a Bailor on the British
fhlp Monkbarna. which Is lying In the stream,
jumped overboard Saturday night and was
drowned. He came here on the British snip
LInfleld and went to a hospital for a surgical
operation. As soon as he was able to g-> to
sea he signed on the Monkbanv». laden with
wheat and ready to sail for the' United Klr.g
iloro. Abou^ 10 # o'clock Saturday night he left
his bunk and. running to the ship's side. de
liberately jumped . overboard. The night
watchman Immediately gave the alarm and
every effort was made to rescue th« unfortu
nate man. but he was never seen after he
made the fatal leap. It Is thought on board
ship that his Illness had affrcted hla brain
and that he was temporarily deranged.
•Jumps Overboard While Crazy.
Prominent among the passengers
were: Uev. Father Jose Algue, attached
to the weather bureau at Manila, from
which city all typhoon warnings are
sent out: Mrs. E. B. Griscom. wife of
the American Minister at Tokio, Japan;
Judge G. D. Gear of Honolulu and Vice
Consul J. McLean. Father Algue Is on
his way to St. Louis with Rev. Trinidad
and Rev. Fuster.
The Siberia sailed from Hongkong.
December 1. Yokohama December 12,
and Honolulu December 22. This makes
her running time 26 days from Hong
kong. 15 days and 14 hours from Yoko
hama and 5 days and 14 3-4 hours from
Honolulu.
Captain Smith. In command, reports
that when they were four days out from
Yokohama they ran into a series of ter- •
rifle squalls and storms which lasted for
ninety-six hours. The sea lashed itself
with furious force against the ship's
sides, and Purser Jerome says that
great seas forty feet high towered up
above the steamer's stern. The vessel
behaved admirably and rode the moun
tainous waves like a great duck. No
damage was done to the vessel herself*
but in the height of the gale a sea
struck one of the Chinese crew, swept
him across the deck and hurled him
with great violence against the rail,
breaking his lerr near the thigh, besides
otherwise bruising him and nearly scar
ing the life out of him. From Honolulu
on the weather was delightful. . . .
On Christmas night a grand banquet
was served on board and the festivities
were continued until a late hour. «
Shanghai— H. R. Boyil. A. \V. Davla. Mrs.
D. H. Davis, Mrs. M. Kine, Miss M. J. Irv
ine. Mrs E. Jame*. Mum J£. James. Miss K.
James. Mrs. A. Colton, -J. J. McCutcheon.
Rev. J Alzue. R. Trinidad, A. Fuater. . .
Nagasaki — Miss E. Carpenter.
Kobe— J. E. KniDD and wife. Misa V. Cor
rell, Mis«» E. CosreM.
Yokohama— Mre. E. B. Griscozn. maid and
servant: C. Cable, W. F. Barnes. T. J. 8mith.
G Bordat. E O'Neill. J. H. Holmea and wife.
T \ Gleason, H. von den Hurk. Lteutentjit
Colonel P. O'Connor, Major J. y. Barnea. Cap
tain H. Mayer, K. Manthner, ti. Geza. J. Me-
M. K. Metcalf, W. T. Conn Jr.
E S Muckley. Mrs. E. S. Muckley, Miss P.
Muckley. Miss A. lluckley, 8. M. Robinson.
Captain T. F. Lyon«, Mrs. S. E. Waters J.
C. LovcbrMiw. G. W. >V« WKll -, M /'- T A ( , B l a^-
Miss O. Hlack. T. A. Hay*. Miss J S. Rob
ertson. W. Brown. A. Baa.". Mrs. A- Raa«.
Master E. Raas. Judge G. V. Gear. Mr* W .
v ITrear Mi«s« V Frear, General A. Mac-
Arthur and wifo. Colonel West. T. Shearer.
MtoL MacKinnon. Mrs. I. P. Roberts. I L.
F.etiua. Mrs. I. L. Requa. Mrs. J. 0 L R F1S v*
A Robinson, H. A. Jaeger and Mrs. R. A.
Glffen.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Compa-.
ny's Siberia arrived- in port from the
Orient at 10:43 a. m. yesterday, being
on schedule time. She brought 83 cabin,
27 steerage and 15S Asiatic passengers,
besides an unusually large and very
valuable cargo, which amounted to 7765
tons, of which 4333 tons will be re
shipped to Eastern cities. The princi
pal item in the merchandise cargo 13
1277 bales of raw silk, valued at about
$766,200, from China and Japan.
There were also 54 boxes of treasure,
valued at $1,072,000, consisting of 22
cases of money from Hawaii, con
signed to the United States Assistant
Treasurer at San Francisco, to be re
coined, and 32 cases of Japanese gold
yen consigned to local banks.
On her last outward bound trip she
stopped at Manila anfl took on board 633
tons of exhibits for the St. Louis expo
sition, which is also a portion of her
cargo. This includes valuable paint
ings, a model of the coast guard cut
ters built for the United States Gov
ernment at Shanghai, China; all kinds
of implements used in that country, be
sides specimens of hard woods, and a
varied collection of many products in
digenous to the Philippine Islands. Fol
lowing is- a list of the passengers:
From Hongkong — George P. Linden. J. Cal-
Iry. F. O. Masson. A. J. Flndtay. Commander
C. M. Plenderleath (R. N.). A. Mathls, F. .11.
tuck and wife. Master L Buck. M. A. Colton.
H. A. Heacock and wife. C. Detzer.
Manila Exhibits for St. Louis
Exposition Form. Large Por
ijon of the Vessel's Burden
ENCOUNTERS FIERCE GALE
Siberia Arrives From Orient
V.'ith Valuable Merchandise
itij'l Big Amount of Treasaro
BRINGS RICH
CARGO TO PORT
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. December 27.
Stror Brooklyn, Walvig. 10 hours from Mon-
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bads'r, 86 hours, from
Taeorra.
Stmr Lakme, Gunderscn, 62 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. 92 hours from
Olyrhpla, via Seattle 87 hours; bound south;
put In to land passengers.
Stmr Siberia. Smith. 26 days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama 15 days 2 hours 23 min
utes, via Honolulu 5 days 14 hours 43 min-
UtPS »
Stmr Massi*. Corning. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. <
Stmr Greenwood. Johnson.- 15 hours from
Albion.
Stmr Edith. Hall, 09 hours from Tacoraa. •
Baric Prussia. Jensen. 15 days from Port
Bktn Northwest, Laur. 62 hours from San
Prdro. In tow stnr Lakme.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. 9 hours from Bo
deS *' SAILED.
Sunday, December 27.
•Stmr MagR>. Corninr. Halfmoon Hay.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego, etc.
Stmr C'oe Bay, Nlcolson. San Pedro.
• Stmr Arctic. Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr Onsen, Couelns, Victoria, etc.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart. Redondo.
Stmr Spokane. Johnson. Eureka, . . *-
' Stmr Fulton. Leo, Hardy Creek.
Stmr Gualala, Hansen, Brnriers Landing.
Stmr LAkme, Gunderson. Eureka.
Fr bark Ccrnil Bart. Cavelan, New York.
Fr bark Jane Guillen, Le prlvert. Queens
town,
Br bark Inverkln. Jones. Melbourne.
Bktn Gfo C Perkins. Mo*. Eureka.
Brig Galilee. Hayes. Fanning Island.
Schr Fnre?t Home. Everson. Port Blakeley.
Schr. Jessie Minor. Jorgenson, Coos Bay. J. ¦
Schr Sailor Bov. Alsen. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOP. Dec 27, 10 n m— Weather
clear; wind NE. velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 2S— Stmr Al-Ki. for
Skagway. . . • .
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Aberdeen,
for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed Dec 27 — Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Dec 27— Schr
S T Alexander, for Port Townsend.
VENTURA— Arrived Dto 27— Stmr Whit
tler. from Portland: stmr San Pedro, from
Santa Barbara. t
EUREKA— Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Eureka, for
San Francisco; stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco: •
BANDON. Or— Arrived Dec 27— Schr Bella,
hence Dec 16. .
COOS BAY-Salled De/ 27— Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco, via Eureka.
ABERDEEN— An-ived Dec 27— Stmr New
burg, hence • Dec 24; /strnr Centralla. hence
Dec 24; itmr G C Llndauer, hence Dec 24.
ISLAND PORT. \
HONOLULU— Sailed Dec 2*-Bktn Amelia,
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and. Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlsslon-«treet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY. DECEMBER 2S.
Sun rlfea 7:24
Sun sets 4:58
Moon sets , lil'ia. m.
0 (Time ITlmel |Tlme| ITime
£ Ft. | J Ft. t { Ft. Ft.
? |H W !L W| |H W| |L W
•^ G-22 5.3 1:08! 1.31 7:42 3.71 '
" L W H W |LW |H W
"ft 0-2S 2 3 7:02 8.5 1:59 O.«| S:55 4.0
30 1:2:5 2.5 ~'.W 5.7 2:47 0.0| 0:53 4.2
31 2 13 2.7 8:^0 5.0 3:32 0.5;iO:4t> 4.5
1 3:0S 2.7 3-.1.J «.l 4:17| 1.0 11:24 4.6
2 3:57 2.6 10:00| 6.3 5:00|— 1.2|.
II W IL Wl |H W L Wl
3 0:10 4.81 4:47' 2.7,10:lS| C.I 5:47;-1.2
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tfdes
the early morning tides are Riven in th* left
hand column and the successive ttdea of th«
Cay in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide* of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is" subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,.;, MONDAY,- DECEMBER 28, 1903.
11
commencing at 0:30 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. Holy Cro« Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
SILLY— In the City and County Hospital. De-
cember 26, 1003. Thomas Silly, a native of
England, aged 56 years.
SIMMONS— In this city, December 26. 1903,
William Henry Simmons. Infant son of Mar-
garet and J. S. Simmons, and brother, of
. Raphael and Joseph Simmons, a native of
San Francisco, aged 7 months.
STOCK— In this city. December 27. 1903. EHse
Caroline, dearly beloved daughter of Charles
and Eliac Stock, and sister of Rosa. Charles.
Edward and Ruby Stock, a native of Port
Townseiid, Wash.
VIDMAH-In this city. December 27. 1903.
Jacob, eon of Jacob and Gumle Vldmar, a
native of Son Francisco, aged .1 jlajs.
WALSH— Entered Into rest. December 27,
1903, William Walsh, dearly beloved son of
the late Michael and Annie Walsh, and be-
' loved brother ot Sitter Mary Aloysius ana
Thomas and Catherine Walsh, and step-
son of Mrs. M. A. Ferguson, a native of
, San Francisco. ' • • ¦ '
WILSON— In this city. December 25, 1903,
Lulu B., beloved wife of J. L. Wilson, and
mother of Blanche and Hazel Wilson, and
daughter of Mrs. Elizabeth Wadman and
.the late 'William B. Wadman, and sister of
Mrs. Merilla Hlnckley and the late Frank
B. Wadman, a native of Boston, Mass., aged
28 years 0 . months and 13 days. (Boston.
Ma?s.. and P. E. Island. papers please copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services Mon-
day. December 28, at 11 o'clock, at her late
residence, 455 Twenty-fifth avenue, between
Point Lobos avenue and Clement street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
REAL. ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
CALIFORNLV House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wre.ck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
Ets., office and yard.
$5500— $1000 cash, $500 In 6 moa.; bal. same ~aa
rent; 2 flats. Just compl'd; 15th ave., near
Clement, Richmond. H. R. COOPER.776 Mkt.
CHEAP lot on 9th ave., 3 blocks from. Park;
must be sold; make offer; no -agents.. Call
2119 Point Lobos ave.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at « per cent.
. MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
LOTS, N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
STOP wasting water; we fix the leaks. AHL-
EACII & MAYER, plumbere. 836 Howard st.
POIXT RICHMOND REAL. ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE— Country For Snle.
71S ACRES near Mayfleld. 11 miles from San
Jose: 100 acres full bearing prunes; large
vineyard; all good land; water piped every-
where; Immense concrete reservoirs; fine
houses, stables, barns, etc.; fenced In 5 fields;
cost $ltS0,0Ou; price $50,000. THORNE &
KILPATRICK. 312* Bush st.. San Francisco.
$3. r )C0 — 12 ACRES full bearing orchard, 6-room
house, fruit dryer, barn, 6 chicken houses, 2
brooder hou&es, incubator house with 2 large
incubators; 3 miles from town. GEORGE C.
YOUNG. Petaluma.
FOR sale — 15-acre fruit farm; good improve-
ments, good location; connected with San
Francisco by rail and electric cars. Call or
address 715 Nineteenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 0J8
Market st.
ORCHARD, 10 acres, near Antloch, $1S5O;
bargain; $500 cash, balance easy; buildings
new. MATHEWS, 120 Sutter et.. S. F.
A BIG list of all classes of ranches; state
what's wanted ar.d I'll send descriptions.
N. D. RICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary.
RANCHES TO LET.
TO rent — 320 acres, for stock or chicken rais-
ing; good barn, house and orchard; running
water. Address or call 117 San Pablo ave.,
Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
IN Berkeley — For sale or rent, furnished, an
8-roomed house, with lawns, etc. ; near cars,
university and schools. Address box 3686.
Call office.
BEBHELEY BOOMS TO LIT.
THREE large, sunny rooms, two connecting,
bath; board if desired. MRS. BOLAND. 2218
Union St., Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
BARGAIN, $4500; elegant colonial S-room up.
to-date house; 15 minutes' walk from P. O. ;
off Telecraph ave.; lot 33:«xl-J0. 512 Thir-
tieth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
MONTANA House, 320 Eighth st.: sunny
eultea and single rooms for housekeeping
OAKLAND FURNITURE KOK SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st.. cor. store. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FRANKLIN, 45 — Sunny connecting housekee»-
Ing rooms, $15 and $18; single. $ti. $8 & $10.
GEARY. 40R — Three nicely furnished sunny
rooms; reference.
GEARY. 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
GILLESPIE. 113 Ninth st.— Sunny furnished
bedroorrH and houcekeetiinit, $1 DO to $3 2o
we«-k. Phone Mint :
GOLDEN GATE ave. 622 — Sunny parlor suite
3 rooms; gap range; bath and laundry.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 640—2 front punny rooms
nicely furnished; 2 6ide. rooms, suitable for
2 or 3; reasonable; gas range and bath.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1..40 Pine at.,
. near Hyde — Sunny 3-room furnished suites;
steam heat; electric lighted; free baths;
rates $30 up.
JESSIE. 333 — Large sunny front room; fur-
nished housekeeping. $14; furnished bed-
room. $7 month.
MODEL House, 1200 Stockton — Newly furnished
rooms, $5-$12; gas, bath, phone.
MISSION. 1219. bet. Eighth and Ninth— Sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; complete.
NATOMA,, 284, near 4th— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; water: closets: rent $9.
POLK. 1020. near Geary— Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 84— Large front room light
housekeeping; gas stove.
VA.> NESS ave.. 706 — Two sunny front rooms,
$25; two rear basement rooms, $11.
APARTMEUT EOTTEES.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine ar.d Tayloc sts.-. beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished : none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON' &, HOAG. 118 Montgomery.
THE GABLES.
Cor. Clay and Larkln sts — Modern 3-4-5-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premises, 1 to 4; terms reas.
ST. CECIL. 115 Fell st.. above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-rocm apartments; private baths,
steam heit, elcc. lights, elevator, gas ranges.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson et.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also tingle; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
_____________ "¦—
»B1 KDDY ST. P.KPKRKNCES. '
ROOMS TO LET— Fn rn. a n d Unfura.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 60 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house in
thl* vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A C-WINDOW corner suite, also single; hand-
somely furnished; absolutely first-class; sun
all day; fine view; rates to tourists. North-
east corner Sutter and Leavenworth sts.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 p'r night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ASHWORTH. 320 Ma«on st.. bet. Geary and
Post— Suite and single rooms with or with-
out private bath; sun in rooms all day.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Kcoms. 25c. 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
AT the Pleroont. 450 Ellis— Newly fumlshod
rms.; elevator: hot tf cold water; transient.
BUSH, 820 — I have a large sunny front room
with 2 beds; running water, bath and phone,
bIfo the use of piano; In private family; call
Sunday or week days after 3 o'clock.
BURNETT. 1426~Market (old No. i::<54)-rFur-
nlghed rooms, suite, stnglr; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Slegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DU CARP, 533 Post— Beautifully furnished
apartments; private baths; strictly first class.
EDDY. 210— Elegant back parlor; suitable for
.2 gents or man and wife; light housckeep'g.
ELLIS. 323 (Sovereign)— Newly furnished sun-
ny suites; also single; ail modern conven-
lenccs; first-class; homelike; central; refs.
FIFTH, 2C4. cor. Cleiuenttna— Large front bay-
window room; grate, ga», bath: a!so one $5.
FOURTH. 475— Nicely~furnished room tn~"p7n
vate family: rent reasonable. •
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 5Oo
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; -.cad ing -room.
HOTEL ST. PAUL, 463 Ellis— A -well appoint-
ed. thoroughly modern rooming-house; electric
elevator, baths, steam heaters, hot and cold
water In every room.
HYDE. 810, near Sutler— Large furnished
rooms, $8 a month. '
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
. ny single room.
LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— Sunny rooms; elec-
tric lights; elevator; central; transient.
MCALLISTER. 012— Newly furnished room*,
hot and cold water and bath; rent $10.
S T~i A P 3 "^ 1 *** with the Hiberaia'savings
f,.m* , n Socift >' of San Francisco in the
iiam« of MILTON UcMUBBAT. No. a§ 4S4
Tha fl n <:cr will please roturn to bank.
LOST— Fridsy. beaver collarette Mission Ft
«ar or li th and Mission; reward. 1J»79 O'Far.
1T * lil P«y to 'Remember" that the California
Caso Cc 220 Sutter «.. need* oil
gcia ang filvtr to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
*KS. DR. WYETH. •peclaUst for all female
complaints; lnttant relief guaranteed; 30 I
years' cxpfripr.ee; removed to JCO Pest it.
*iP.S. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
m&Ie troubles and lrrogrularltiee; instant re-
Uef guaranteed. IOCS'* Market «t.. opp. 5th.
ER. G. W. ODONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on fecialt
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
r.ate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
__ advice free. Office. JOlS Market it.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS "and NoTsnS in HAP.S
positively cuwi; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. l>r. Ontingham. 2>»4 Sutler st.
Prs. Gooiwln. 733 Turk. nr. .Van Ness— Expert
In obFt^trics. Jemale complaints; ir.st. relief;
treatment $10: hours. 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MKS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Mcrk«?t— HeUcble ladies'
tperlalist; & private hi'me before and durlaf
confinement; best medicaJ care; low fees.
XR. ROSEN resides 2V»5 Folsom st.. corner
26th: ladles, relief cr no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
V original method of treatment. 112C Market »t.
¦tol. KG TOY KEE. 319 Pcvrell St.. opposite
311 SC ELL A.\ COLS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, enjrines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & VOLPMAN. li*5-l'.<7 Fremont st.
does Tont hoof leak?
Rrpalr It with elatertte; In roll* easy to lay;
needs no pairitir.R cr coating-; good over eld
ir-.n. tin or shingles; be^t for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, er.gires. pumps,
pulleys, chatting, etc.. etc., bought, sold.
rented anJ exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCH'Y CO.. 1^0-132 Beale st
A — Fine suits, *7 50; <Jrees pants. %2 50. Origi-
nal Mifflt Clothing Parlors. 2o8 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noco.
A— Buys, erlls cr rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WU1TELAW. 253-255 Fpear st.
TTPEWRITCHS, e!ipht!y used, sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
eent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at K 50; we pay express
..-.-,-¦.-. 11 3d et.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ALTERATION eale— Best t2 50 hata. Jl 50,
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearcy st., ne&r
Fine; open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to coon.
LATEST improved dry head Domestic; oak
woodwork; al! attachments; almost new;
very cheap. 1515 Polk st.
VIOLIN — Old; fine tons; cheap. Box 4546, Call
office.
6OM1- gr-od second-hand jrascllTJe engines, 1 to
12 H. P.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
i\INE steam autcmebile; first-class running or-
W. V.. 520 Lyoa et.. San Francisco.
ELOT machines chesp; Chicagoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BaCIGALUPI. 933 Market.
DHPKS and safes; see the complete line at 1816
Market. «.b. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
8>FEP— New and second-hand] THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery et.
NEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG. CO., 519 Market «t.
MOVING pictures, mafic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains.. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
WILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 103 Vallejo st.
FAKES— New nnd second-hand. E. B. BECK
fc CO.. 122 Market et.
All barpainsicamp etools and chairs; hammocks,
metal beds, mattresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Kdison phonographs, recoros. supplies, moving
. picture machine*. filrrF. Baoigalupl. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, cutoraobilcs and launches;
al] «i«M. J. K. DOAK. <6 Fremont st.
ASK for price* on second-hand typewriters; ail
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCnLLAXEOrS WANTS.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1143 Market et.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
J PAY highest price* for all kinds of ea^t-ott
clothing; tend postal. MORRIS. 670 Folsoin.
TILTON warts r f^cond-hand clothing and
Theatrical goods. 154 Sth St.: tel Jessie 2ST.1.
MONEY TO LOAA\
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
0G1-CC2-S03 Examiner building.
C Quick net 1 1 em en te ; no dinappr,;ntmett.
m Fav-e exr-eri!""* by dealing dirftJy.
' Estates, second mcrtpages. undivided Inter-
rft*. assignments cf rents, prepcrty in trust,
*tr. ; l-^acip*. life estates and undivided in-
tfirstt in pTopertv purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Fee HERMAN MUIIPHY. ,
ADVANCES on furniture and piano* without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates: no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. CS and Ci Donohoe
building. 11 7l> Market st.
jjCiXET loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamtters. boarding-houses, without
sr-curity; easy payments : largest business in
4»i principal cities. Tclman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY rerpectsble private place to obtain
.'.-:¦.. advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
p*r fi-nt Interert. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
fe«S Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
6TR1CTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture. piancF, or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatnu-nt fuaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO , r. Jti. I'helan bid., tel. Main 704.
X 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no comniiEFion. no publicity: $25 up; quiclc.
private, cootidential. 2S Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.0uO.
MONEY to loan en low lntereit; gold, silver.
diamonds pearl« and precious stones bought
at "VV. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth et.
NEW «»asy method — To v.-»;r«!-earncr« . on unin-
dorsed nctes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49, Chronicle bldg.
TO ealaned people without security; on furni-
ture; indorsed note* and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building^ -
OPEN Credit Ase'n. loans en ealanes confiden.
tjally; new.elmpie plan. Room 50, 619 Market,
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
•jno. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Keanay.
3TZOS furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal:
no com. V. THEM A IN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
AT lowert rates cp furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission accepted.
EOXKLLI. ."»! Kddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cert on furniture cr piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Ea vines Bank bldg.. 70S Market st.
f-TAli Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
rciaried employes. R. Sll. Mutual Sav. Bk. bid.
CASH loaned salaried per.ple on notes without
ir.dorser. MORKLL. ON Examiner building.
MrSICAL. I.\STRUMBXTS.
A^??^"2?EclXirTpUIGirT iMANO BAR-
GAINS:
'\>I!ard. $¦"»; Emerson. f«5; Tilsher, $70;
Miller $175; Chlckering. $107; American.
t:C5 Heine. $235; Hayoes. |I89: Stelnway.
f:fe5- £t»-irj»ay. large rty>. $-25. and fifty
ether* Rente. $2 up; Installments. $4 up.
HFINE PIANO CO.. 235-^37 Geary etreet;
OakJard branch. Fifteenth tad Broaiwajr, old
P. O. bldg.
Vt rent the b«t piano la the city for p per
ir.onth- we allow six months' rental and
ctrtare ($20) cfT purchase price, thus clvlrg
vou a elx nr.ocths* trial of the instrument for
nothing; cur terms and ;>rlce« cannot t»
equaled In San Francisco. '
ECOTT-'~l' r nTAZ ™ *N' n <"*<"*.. Bfi ft -C4 Hayes 6t-
WE have a few real bargains >ft from our
ere&i holldav pale. New end u«-d pianos at
eTT-e^J inK >' lew pric^. Behr Brothers and
I' u^r'tnr are our leaders. Easy payments
if you w^nt The ZE.NO MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY. 7Ct> Market «t.
A FINE lot of »econd-hand uprights from $50
W Including eucfc makes as Chickerln*. \ oee,
Kroere" Curtaz. Kirkham. **»«•»»£'"»
Marshall & Wendell, Iiau« and others BENJ.
CURTAZ & BON. 16 OFimil rt. M)
tn San Francisco.
irifc.uPP.IGHT piano: Stock mahogany; nearly
KZ*. HORNUNG BP.OS.. 210 McAllister st.
ALMOST new upright; cheap: cash or lnstall-
ment. ECHMITZ & CO.. 1« McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright _P'»n°:
perfect order; eacrifice. Keeffe'e.SSS OTarrell. Jl
INSTRUMENTS Con.
i BOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
1 Player. BYRON MAUZY. 3C8-312 Post et.
SUPERIOR violin?, zithers, old and r.ew. H.
Ml'LLER. maker, repairer, t Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TWO large stores and finished baeementa; side-
walk elevators; Valencia St., near Seven-
teenth. For further partlcuars 'appy to G.
H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
A— S21V4- POLK »t., near O'Farrell; splendid
store, with 3 nic* living rooms; rent $25.
SPECK fc CO.. CC7 Market st.
PERSONALS.
BATON'S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE.
Young ladies steadily employed can have
Baron's cloajes. Buits, furs and tailor-made
suits to order; on weekly or monthly pay-
ments plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vlnc* yourself by calling on BARON. 762
Market st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves He Growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses s-calp; ct drucgists", hairdressers; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,133S Polk.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism: genuine
tubs, hot and cold water: trained nurses as
¦•¦¦tt&ndants. Prof, and Mrr. Morris. 4txi Geary.
A — COME and let our doctors give you free
examination and advice: you pay for the
nedlcire only and at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY. 1300 Mission St., cor. 11th.
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market St. \
A NEW* idea In Jewelry and Central American (
curios, Indian rurtains, draperies, shawls,
*tc. ; the only store in the city that carries
this. FROWISS & SON. 1239 Polk. nr. Sutter
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dls-
. eas-es positively cured by Willow Bark. Co.,
IS39 Polk et. ; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure C.. 937 Mar-
ket St.. room 2u3; phone South 751.
AT less than cost, uncalled fcr suits, overcoats,
and troupers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: SO cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgrs.. Teutonia Hall, Howard St.. nr.
Btb; Prcf. Fester; society, dancing taught.
M. W1LFON hifc bought out J. Goodrnan,
ladles' tailoring, 3b0 Geary st.
MASSEUSE wishes engagements with ladies
cr.iy. Phone Capp C238. '
Bon Marche Pants Co. ; special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; {1; at all druggists'.
A RRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has b«en
opened at JOOS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Cfen until 11 p. m.
PAL3HST.W. ~
MME. DKVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
giEt; fa!m readings $1;. 3 questions by ex-
trt£E. $1; open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post «t.
MJIS. NEERGAARD'S clat-s In palmistry be-
gins Dec. 1. 8 p. m. 242 Post St.; terms 510.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor ft., near Geary. Phone Black 561.
IMIYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
Dft C. C. CTDONNELL — Offlce~«nd~re»iden«ei
1021 >-i Market st.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor »ts.
BLOOI>. rkln and rectal diseases a apecialtr
DR. HALL. J073% Market et.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats nil diseases of the human body; for
past fcur years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at K7 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TOXG "PO CHY. successor to Dr. U Po
Tai. herb doctor, euros all <lts' > a!'es r.;' human
by U!=<> of herbs and teas. 727 Washington St.
DR. H. C. WONG, 719 Post 6t.; all drseases
cured by Chinese herbs: consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
*3fK cur^d by Chln-te herbs. - 746-8 Clay st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICB — CALIFORNIA BAFE
DEPOSIT AND TRUST COMPANY, corner
California and Montgomery sts.. For the
* Fix months endinc December 31, 1903, divi-
dends have been declared on deposits in the
ravings department of this company, as fol-
lows: On term deposits at the rate of
3 C-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate cf 3 per cent per an-
um. free of taxes, and payable on and after
Saturday. January 2. 19t>4. Dividends un-
callfd for are added to the principal after
January 1, 1004. J. DALZELL BROWN,
Manager.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Security Ravings Bank.
222 Montgomery ft. Mills building — For the
half y-ar rndins De-crmber 31. 1903, dividends
upon all d»r»° ? lts at the rat#> of three and
one-quarter <3'i) per cent per annum,- free
of taxe?. will be payable on and after Janu-
ary 2. 1904.
FTiED W. RAY, Secretary.
SAN* FRANCISCO and Suburban Home BuTld^
lr.p Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
bui'dins. • 70S Market St.. opposite Third —
For the half-year ending 31st of December,
lfO3. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of '12) twelve per cent on '
capital Ftock and participating certificates,
fn* of tai-e?. payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2 l»04. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CUAIO. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION. D33 California i>t., corner
Webb. For the naif year ending with the 31st
cf December WO, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of three and
tne-lialf ClVs) P 6 ' cent on term deposits
and three «.'i> r*-r cent on ordinary deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Saturdav,
January 2. 1901. NOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Not!r<! — Pavings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery Ft., comer Sutter. has de-
clared a dividend for the term ending Decem-
ber Si. 1903. at the rate of three and one-
quarter <3U) per cent per annum on all de-
j>ositf% free cf taxes, and payable on and af-
ter January 2. l!>04.
(Signed) CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — The German Savings and
Loan Society, . r >2'5 California St. — For the half
year ending with December 31. lf*03, a divi-
<]< nd has been declared at the rate of three
and one-quarter (3y;) per cent p«r annum on
all df-po>;its. Iroe of taxes, payable on and af-
ter Saturday. January 2. 1904.
• GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary.
THF. CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN
ASSOCIATION. California St., San Fraa-
cIfco, Ca!., ha* declared a dividend for the
year rnding December 31. 1903. of 5 per cert
on ordinary deposits, 6 per cent on term d«-
pcsliE and 8 per rent to stockholders, free of
taxes. DR. WASHINGTON DODGE. Presl-
dent. WM. CORBIN. Sec. and Oen. Mgr.
DIVIDEND Notice — Mutual Savings Bank of
Fan Francisco. No. 710 Market street— For
thf half-year ending December 31. 1903, a
dividend has b*rn declared at the rate of
three and twenty one-huntlrcdths (0.20) per
tent r<r annum on all deposits, free of taxes
pays lie on and after SATURDAY. January
2, lf»04. GEORGE A. STORY. Caishler.
A DIVIDEND !n liquidation of S per cent on
all df-4M-sits has Inen dr-clar«>d by the Call-
fi-rn!:. Savings and Loan Society, payable
* on and after Saturday. Jan. 2 1304. at the
office of the society. Mills bulldlnc. second
ficor. room 28. San Francisco. Cal. CHAS
D. FA RQUH ARSON. Secretary. *
FRENCH PAVLVGS BANK^ForThe ha lT year
ondlr.g December 31, 1903. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth (3%) per cent per annum on deposits,
payable on or after Saturday, January 2,
ia04. LEON BOCQUERAZ. Secretary.
THE Huraboldt Pavings and Loan Society. 18
Geary Ft., has declared a dividend of 3fc
per cent per ennum on deposits, free of
taxes, for the term tniing December 31, 1D0S.
payable on and after January 2. 1D04.
W E. PALMER. Cashier.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES^
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. "l
Eraith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Tb»
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California «t.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars r.f L. &. M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
ccmery «t.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Wtbster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 608 Market.
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1531 Howard street, thence to Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets to electric car
at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. . . > •¦
CLARK — In this city. December 25. 1003,
Thomas F., dearly beloved husband of Mary
A. Clnrk, loving father of Thomas A. and
Mary B. Clark, son of Thomas and the late
Mary Ciark, and dearly beloved brother of
Edward J. Clark and Mrs. J. E. Reads,
a native of San Francisco, aged 40 years and
0 months. ;
tETFi-iends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2158 Fifteenth street, near Not,
thence to St. Ignatius- Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross- Ctmctery.
CORCORAN— In" this city, December 27, 1803,
. Patrick, -beloved husband of Margaret Cor-
coran, and father of Thomas F. Corcoran,
a native of County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged
tiS j ears. A member of Golden Gate Lodge,
-Local' No. GO, O. P. I. A.
C?"Remaln8 at the parlors of McFadden,.
McBrearty &. Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
: twecn Seventh and Eighth.
'EGAN— In this city, December 27, 1003, Jar<e
Egun, a native of Ban Francisco, aged 49
years 8 mqjiths and 11 days.
FARR— In the CUy and County Hospital. De-
cember -.25, lit0.'l. Edwin Farr, a native of
California, aged 31 years.
FISHER— In Berkeley, Cal., December 25.
• 1903, at his residence. 240S South Atherton
street, Robert A., beloved husband of Jo-
*ephine Fisher, and lovlnjr father of Lola
J., Leila G. and Mabel A. Fisher,' a native
of Milford. Ohio, aged 01 years 4 months
and 25 days.
ItyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invltrd to attend the funeral services
Monday afternoon. December 28, 11)03. at
2:30 o'clock, at his late residence, 210S South
Atherton street, Berkeley.
FLEISHMAN — In this city, December 2C, 1903,
Frederick J. FlMshman, beloved son of Jean-
nette Fleishman, and brother of Mrs. Charles
Goldman, Mrs. Leo- Goldman and Bertha
and ' S. G. Fleishman, a native of San
Francisco, aged 35 years 8 months and 5
days.
ETFnneral and .interment private.
GAMB1T25 — In this city, December 27. 1903
Regenle, beloved wife of the late Kady
Gambltz and beloved mother of Albert K.,
Milton R.. Lee R., Natalie. Lillian. BIMIe
and Faith Gambltz, a native ot Selma,
Ala. ,
(CTNotiee of funeral hereafter.
GARCIA — In this city, December 25, 100:?,
Rosle, beloved daughter of Benito and Adele
Garcia, and niece of Peter and Fred Serna,
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 1
month and 14 days. -
HAGEMANN — In Philo, Anderson Valley,
Cal., December 23, 1903, Philip, dearly be-
loved husband cf Margaret Hagemann, and
devoted father of Charles, Marguerite, Rose,
Lizzie and the late Katherine Haxemann, a
native of Elmbor, Heasen, Germany, aged
50 years 9 months and 7 days-. A member of
San Francisco Backer Vereln and Lincoln
Grove. U. A. O. D.
E7"Interment will be made from the vault
at Mount Olivet Cemetery at 11 o'clock to-
day. •
HOLTON — In the City and County Hospital.
. December 27, 1903. Charlotte Holton, a na-
tive of New York, ased 70 years.
JAMISON— Iu this city, December 27, 1903.
Wallace T., dearly beloved husband of Mary
£. Jamison, loving father of Myrtle and
Alexandrine Jamison, Mrs. E. Lucitt and
the late Helen Jamison, and brother of Ar-
thur de Rutte. a native of Monroe, Mich.
. A member of Prosperity Lodge No. SCO. A.
O. U. W., and San Francisco Fire Depart-
ment.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:3.0 o'clock, from his latt
residence, 1U34 Howard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Crurch, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose ot
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy- Cross Cemetery.
KAUFMAN— In this city, December 26, 1903,
Marie Kaufman, beloved mother of Charles
Kaufman of Corning, Cal.. Mrs. William
Gruhn and Mrs. Abe Cohen, a native of
Germany, aged 73 yeafa.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
•fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, at her
late residence, 1624 Buchanan* street. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
•j streets. Please omit flowers.
KEANE— In this city. December 26, 1903,
Helena, beloved wife of Michael Keane. and
sister of John. Timothy, Michael, Charles
and Xanette Duane and Mrs. Mary Cronln,
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 32
years 6 months and 10 days.
ET'Friends and ncfiuaintancesrare respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:15 o'clock, from 403 Twenty-
ninth «treft, thence to St. Paul's Church,
Twenty-ninth and Church streets, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-"
pose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, December 27, 190.",
Elizabeth Kelly, beloved wife of the late
John Kelly, loving mother of Mrs. E. Fel-
lows and the late Charles and John Kelly,
and sister of Mrs. "E. Quigley," a native of
County Donegal. Ireland, aged 72 years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at lo:."»0 o'clock, from her lato
residence, 207Vj Langton street, thence to
St. Jos?pli'a Church, where services will be
held at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LORENZI— In this city. December 25. 1903,
John B., dearly beloved husband of Rosa
Lorenzi. and lovlnc father of Therese and
Frank lorenzl, Mrs. Louise Cavaraaro and
Mrs. Paulinfi Ferero, a native of Italy, aged
70 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 0:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, U04H Francisco street, thence to Sts.
Peter and Paul's Church, whore a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. . In-
terment New Italian Cemetery.
McGRATH— In this city. December 27. 1903.
Annie, McGrath, dearly beloved aunt of An-
nie and Margaret Carey and the late Wil-
liam Carey, a native of County Weetmeath,
Ireland, aged 70 years.
(EyFriend^ and acquaintances are res-pect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10::-I0 o'clock, from her late
resldem-e. 1 1830 Market street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
maps will be celebrated, for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 11 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' •
MAHONEY— In this city. December 27. 190.:,
at his residence,- 1147WT Howard street.
James, beloved husbatid of Mary Mahoney,
and father of Thomas and th<5 late Jam's
M. Mahoney, a native of County Limerick,
Ireland, aged 81 yearc.
MINDHAM— In this city, December 27, 1903.
James Mindham. beloved father of William
J.. John T. .and the late Joseph Mindham, a
native of Encland, aeed 59 years.
MONAGHAN— In Oakland, December 27. 1903.
. Terranct Monachan, a native of Ireland,
aged SO years. \
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), ot 8:-'i0 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 224-226 McAllister
Rtreet, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the- repose of his soul, commencing at 0
o'clock. ' Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
Remains at Ihe parlors of McOinn Bros. ••
O'CONNOR— In this city." December 25, 100-!,
' James O'Connor, a native of Ireland, aged
40 years 11 months and 27 days. A member
""of Furniture. Piano Drivers' and Helpers'
• Union, Local 544.
C7"Frlends nnd acquaintances and mem-
bers of Furniture, Piano Drivers', and Help-
' ers' Union. Local R44. are respectfully in-
vited to attend the fun:ral to-day (Monday),
nt 12 o'clock, from the parlors of the United
Undertakers, S06 Mission street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'KEEFE— In this city. December 2C, 1003.
Timothy, d'.arly beloved husband of Alary
.O'Keefe. devoted • father of Edward, Eliza-
beth, May and Frank O'Keefe. and brother-
of Maurice O'Keefe nnd Mrs. T. O'Callaghan,
a native of Newmarket. County Cork, Ire-
land, aced 54 years.
C7"FrIcndK and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 0:30 o'clock, from hia late resi-
dence, 1S31 Mission street, thence to St.
'Charles Borromeo'n Church, where a solemn
requiem hich mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his s;ul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
POTTER— In Oakland, December 2B. 1903.
. Ncl'ile E.. beloved wife of Captain Charles
Potter, and sifter of Mrs. S. G. Gale' and
Andrew Hazard of San Jose, a native oi
Massachusetts. .• >
ICTFrlcndR and Acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. December 28. 1803. at 2 o'clock, at
tho residence of Rev. S. G. Gale, 1118
Eighth street. Oakland. Interment - Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
PRESSEL— In the City and County Hospital,
December 26. 1UC3. Henry Press**!.' a native
¦ of New • Hampshire, aged 04 years.
PRUNTY— In tMs city. December 20,' 190J,
Bridget, wife of the late John Prunty. lov-
ing molh'r of Mrs. J. E. Cote and Mm.
. Willlara Mullen, and sister of Mr*. Mary
Whela", ' Kate Prunty and the late Rose
Prunty . and Ann Lloyd of Benicla, a native
of ibe parish of Klllow, County Longford.
Ireland, azed 74 years. (Now York papers
please cop:'.)
E7"Tho funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the -parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers, thence to All
Hallows Church, where a requiem m&ss will
be celebrated . for the repose of her soul.
ROOMS TO LET— Farn. and Unfnrn.
• MISSION. 114S— Elegantly furnished ¦ front
: suite; piano; ?ingU rooms from $1 50 week.
i MONTGOMERY. 131— Two nicely furnished,
large, sunny suites, same floor; rent. $15 per
" month.
¦ O'FARRELL, 739 — Large, handsome, sunny
¦furnished room; private; gas; bath; phone.;
- references,
1 POWELL. 317 — Sunny front suite for doctor or
dfr.tlet: also other furnished rooms.
ROYAL Houec 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights.
I reading-room, "smoking-room and ladlee' par-
I lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
. floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath*.
SUTTER, 236 — The Crane — Elegantly furnished
I rooms ; downtown ; suite or single; $10 up.
SUTTER, C22 — Large sunny front room; hot
and cold' water; private bath.
SUTTER, 2016— Two large rooms for house-
keeplng: reasonable. ¦ «,
THE FREMONT. 1864 MARKET ST. —Strictly
flr8t-clasi« elegantly furn. rooming hotel.
Tel. South lia'i. Capt. H. O. Ulberg. Prop. .
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms 35c to $1- night, $1 75 to $G week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS, 819 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St., near Market—
Most convfnient and' respectable: -700 rooms;
35c to 91 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elee. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
koo.ms AX J*5£ A JJ*£:
a^^^^^^teiTbaltimore, ~-"-~-~-
.van ness ave.. near geary st.
american plan.
pho*ne private exchange. 706.
select first-class family hotel.
hot and cold ocean water.
special rates by the month.
hunger a zebehg, proprietors.
a hotel hatton —
se. cor. pine and taylor
• This new and rustic constructed hotel is sit-
uated In the city's swellest quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout with all
the very latest conveniences, is now open for
occupancy; reservations can now be made on
• premises dally.
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS.
MANHATTAN HOTEL, *704 Market* st.— A
strictly first-class family and tourist hotel of
- unquestioned respectability. American plan.
A-^ THE DRESDEN — :
SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1442
FULTON. BET. BRODERICK AND BAKER.
CALIFORNIA. 1246 — Most select- location In
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
HOTEL* MARTINET, Geary stand Van Ness
ave., has- changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
NEWPORT, 1018 Pine, near Taylor — Large sun.
. ny room; also single room; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion, 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs \. colored s^Tvice; table specialty.
O'FARRELL, 308 — Furnished rooms; home
cooking; German family; $6 per week.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, cent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
IK OMS WASTED. ~
BROTHER and sister desire 2 furniRhed houee-
I keeping rooms. Full particulars <S. F. Busi-
ness College. 1236 Market st.
WANTED — List of pleasant furnished rooms
and good board for students.- S.' F. Business
College. 1236 Market st.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
GIVE her "A White" for New Years and she
will sew right all the year. Have you seen
our latest White Sewing Machine? Auto-
matic lift, chalnstitch. lockstitch and hem-
stitch combination; we rent or s«-ll on easy
payments; we want sewing machine men;
come and have a talk with us; phene Black
110«. 300 Post st.; 1841 Fillmore st. and 70S
Valencia %%,. S. F., or phone Brush 551. 470
Thirteenth st.'. Oakland. WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE following children' have been admitted to
the San ' Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children: Charles E. Fritz. 10 years; Axinla
Krueser. 7 years, orphans; Michael Negy. 2
years; Bertha E. Johonason, 11 years; Agnes
M. Johonason. 3 years; Dora Hertz. 8 years;
Gertrude Hertz, 7 years; Gustave Kuehne, 8
months, half orphans.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture.
hou» linid goods stored, moved, ehipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Port and Powell sts.; tel. Prlve. Ex. 571.
.___„_ _ _^_ « *
CONKLIN'S Horace — Furniture and .merchan- i
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West "Storage; advances made; S40
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cu*. rates.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van Xess-Market— Cure
in every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent bj
mail will not be inserted. They must, be handed
in st eithfr of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in \his column-
free of cliar;e. .
BORX.
KENNEY— In this city. December lfi. 1003, tc
tho wife of Joseph M. Kcnney. a won. •
MARRIED.
DFBB— LINDH— I'll Oakland, Cal., December
24, 1!)O.;, by the Rev. A. J. Rodell, Charles
13. Debb and Gerda M. A. Lindh, both cf
Fruitvalf. Cal.
RINODAHL— PERSSON— In Fitchburg, Cal..
IVcembf-r 22. U)0:{, by tho Rev. A. J. Rodell,
Hjalma? Ringdah! and Emily Louise Pers-
so-n. huth of Fltchburg. Cal.
DIED.
\ N Anderscn. Dr. J. A. Kelly. Elizabeth
Harr, Evelyn R. Lorenzl. ..John B.
liray, Millie McGrath. Annie
Brown, Martin C. Mahoney,- James
Cacroll, Delnia Mlndharn, James
Clark, Thomas F. Monaghan, Terrance
Corcoran, Patrick O'Connor, James
Egan, Jane .O'Keefe, Timothy
Farr, Edwin . Potter, Nellie E. .
• FlHher, Robert A. Prtssel, Henry
Flelnhman. Frederick Prunty. Bridget
Gambltz. Regenle ¦ Silly, Thomas
Can in. Rosle rilminoiis. Wm. H.
Hagcmann. Philip Stock. Ellse C.
Molten. Charlotte Vldniar, Jacob
Jamipon. Wallace T. Walsh, wniiam
Kaufman, Marie . Wilson, Lulu B. • .
Keane, Helena
ANDERSON — In this city, December 25, 1003,
Dr. Jerome A., beloved husband of Levlna
Anderson, and father of Ivy, Jessamine and
Violet Anderson, a -native of Indiana, aged
5ti years and 5 months. . : . .
ETFriendH and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
at 10:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 37S3
Twentieth ttreet, near Dolores. Interment
private.- •
BARK— Ir. Oakland, December 27, 1903, Eve-
. lyn Ruth Uarr, dearly beloved daughter of
Dunlcl J. and Evelyn Barr, and alster of
Milt -in Barr, n native of Oakland, aired 2
years ."> months nnd 23 days.
ICFrituds and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend th» funeral Tuesday.
December 2l>. 1903, at 2 o'clock, from the
parents' retidenc?, 711'Xj .Sixth street, near
Cafctro. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland..- . .,
BRAY— In Ea6t Oakland, December • 27. 1903,
Millie, beloved wife *if Georce Bray, mother
of Jennie Bray, daughter of George and Jen-
nie Wheeler, and sister of Annie Wheeler, A
native of East Oakland, aged 10 years U
months uml 13 days. '
BROWN— In Berkeley. December '27, 1003. at
the residence of his brother-in-law. Ben
Hansen. >XRtS Sixth street, Martin C. Brown,
a native of Norway, aged 51 years and U
days. .
CARROLL — In this city. December 26. 1003.
Dclma Carroll, beloved wife of James J.
Carroll, mother of -Harty Carroll,' and sister
of Mrs. J. W. Nicholson, Mrs. T. Fields and
Henry Lacrolx. a native 'of Canada, aged 28
years 11 months and 4 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are rc-spect-
Jarncs McGinn. • Henry Hanson.
james mcginn & co..
Formerly With McGJnn Bros.,
! — — Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy st.; Tel. South r.7(i.-
THE SAN^ FRANCISCO - CALL, MONDAY, DECFE.'XEK 28, 1903.
All druggist* Mil ADAMS' Irish Mobs Cough
Balsam under a poaltlve cuarantee. 25c, 50c. •
A hay barn at Twenty-eighth and
Alabama streets, belonging to James
Ryan, was completely destroyed by
flre v yesterday afternoon. , The barn
and its contents were Valued at $8000
and were fully covered by insurance.
The cause of the fire is a mystery.
Barn Destroyed by Fire.
ROME, Dec. 27. — Thousands of tele
grams of condolence i havei,been-.re
ceived by the family' of former Pre
mier Zanardelll, who died -yesterday,:
including one from King Victor Em
manuel, in which he said that Italy
had lost one of her best sons— one
who had dedicated all of his life to
promoting the greatness of his coun
try. The King, has decided that at
the funeral of SIgnor : Zanardelli at
Brescie next Wednesday he will be
represented by , his cousin, the - Count
of Turin. The funeral will be attend
ed also by Premier Gioletti . and sev
eral members of the Cabinet. .
State Funeral for Znnarclelll.
A lecture will be delivered under
the auspices of the Catholic Club on
Thursday, January 7, at 8 p. m.. at the
Occidental Hotel, by the Rev. Walter
B. Clark, on "The Councils as One of
the' Sources of Catholic Doctrine." The
lecture will be followed by a discus
sion among the members of the club.
Cards of admission may be obtained
of Edward Mills Adams, the secretary
of the club, at room 5. 126 Stockton
street.
The Catholic Club.
An, automobile operated by George
Denison-of 600' Van Ness avenue col
lided, with a buggy driven by Mrs.
Charles F.ThierbacJh, wife of a well
known coffee and spice dealer, yester
day afternoon. The accident occurred
on Stanyan street, near the south
drive of Golden" Gate Park, and sheer
fortune prevented disastrous results.
Both Mrs. Thlerbach and her niece,
Miss G. Thierbach, were thrown from
their vehicle, but received slight
bruises and weredriven to their home
at 709 Scott street. Denison claims
the women were at fault and Mrs.
Thierbach insists that the chauffeur
was driving his vehicle at, too high a
rate of speed. Police Officer Ceinar
was on the ground promptly after the
accident, but "Mrs. Thierbach refused
to prefer charges against Denison. .'...'/
Strnck by Automobile.
Love that lives on beauty alone will
soon starve to death.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and Bmralria.
Drurcists. r.Oc Cask. Richard & Co.. 408 Clay.*
IISTDIAXAPOLIS, Ind.. Dec. 27.— The
body of a woman whose sex was re
vealed after death, after she had lived
at Eckerty for a quarter of a century
under the name of John Ancherlee, was
burled to-day and the funeral wasjat
tended by hundreds. ' . ,
A possible explanation of the strange
life that the woman led was advanced
to-day by persons to whom she had
related the story, but ' always as if It
had occurred in -the life of another
with whom she was acquainted.
Asked to Join a church choir when
she first arrived in Eckerty disguised
as a man. she refused, and told the
story of her friend, a woman who had
sung in the theaters of Berlin, but who
had retired from the stage because of a
failure to carry her. part satisfactorily
In an opera at which members of the
imperial family ..were present. This
woman left the stage In disgrace, and
no one had ever heard from her since
the night that her voice had failed at
a critical period and In 'shame and con
fusion'she had abandoned her chosen
profession. r •• .
The story was told more than twenty
years ago. '¦; '. •"', ¦- ' ¦ - ¦ .
Special Dispatch to Th». Call.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 27.— After
vainly endeavoring to get the District
Attorney to prosecute the man .who he
declared had led his wife astray, Dave
.G. Van Houten, a well known and well
to do horse dealer,' took the law into his'
own hands and ehot Al Young dead as
he sat in his saloon on a principal
street. „ —. ¦ ¦
Van Houten had been married to his
wife for fifteen years. Young recently
met- the woman and gained her affec
tions. Van Houten • suspected Young,
and finally surprised the couple making
a secret trip to Aberdeen, Wash. The
husband -presented this and other evU
:dence to . the ¦ District Attorney, but
'nothing was done.
Van Houten, maddened with Jealousy,
walked into Young's saloon this even
ting, pressed a revolver against his vic
tim's side and pulled the trigger. A
number.'^ of spectators grappled with
VanC Houten. took' his weapon away,
and as y he fled up the street fired the
'charges, after him. Toung
|dled almostJmmediately and Van Hou
ten cannot be found.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fred Prince, a butcher, residing at
2801 MarSposa street, was thrown from
a buggy yesterday while driving on San
Bruno avenue, near Silver, and sus
tained a fracture of the right thigh
bone. Prince's horse took fright on
approaching an automobile, driven by
Dr. Stimpson, with the result that
Prince was thrown from his buggy.
The injured man was conveyed to his
home, where his Injuries were attend
ed to by Dr. McLaughlin.
Thrown From Buggy and Hurt.
Rich Portland Horse Dealer
Shoots a Saloon-Keeper Who
He Declared Ruined His Home
The' Police Department received in
formation last evening from San Jose
of the capture in that city of Bert
Short, who. is wanted in San Francis
co for a number of burglaries. Short
was recently discharged from the
Branch County Jail, having been sen
tenced on June 23 last to six months'
imprisonment for stealing $175 be
longing to his father.
On Saturday last Short fell in a fit
on the street in San Jose and was
taken to the hospital. A search of his
clothing disclosed a number of arti
cles stolen In San Francisco. Among
the articles found on Short were a
card case, a silver match box, gold
cuff buttons, set with diamonds and
rubies, and a gold chain bracelet with
a small gold padlock inscribed with
the name "Rea."
With the exception of the bracelet
the above-mentioned - articles were
stolen from the room of W. G. How
ard, a guest at the Pleasanton Hotel,
the; thief also taking a suit of clothes
and an overcoat. Howard's room was
robbed on the evening of Decem
ber 24.
Short will be brought back to San
Francisco and charged with burglary
and Is likely to be given a Ions 'sen
tence'on conviction.
Plunder Stolen From Pleasanton Ho
tel Is Found in Accused
Man's Possession.
Passing of a Woman WIto for a
Quarter of a Century Mas
queraded in Man's Attire
BERT SHORT, SXEAK THIEF,
CAPTURED IN SAX JOSE
Turn Verein Festival.
r The San Francisco Turn Verein
Cave its annual Christmas festival and
¦dance yesterday afternoon and even
lng at the San Francisco Turn Hall,
S53 Turk streot. In the afternoon
there was a Christmas tree for the Jit
ile ones and Borne 400 children re
ceived presents and candy, nuts and
other enticing yuletide edibles. An
excellent music programme was ren
dered and was interspersed with ath
letic feats by the young men of the
club. In the evening another musical
programme was given and the day's
enjoyment wound up in a dance. The
hall was prettily decorated with colors
and greens.
HUSBAND KILLS
WI FE'S LOVER
DEATH REVEALS
HER DISGUISE
The old humpbacks are not to be com
pared to our new patent back flat opening
blank books, which cost no more than
the old style and are infinitely better.
"We are agents for Berkshire typewriter
papers and ribbons. Regal pencils and
headquarters for all office supplies. Let
us nt you up for the New Year. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.» 741 Market street. •
The engagement of Miss Bessie
Gowan, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ed
ward Gowan of this city, to Thomas
Haskins of the diplomatic service was
announced yesterday. The prospect
ive bridegroom is now stationed in
Peking, China, and Miss Gowan will
sail for the Orient In' the coming
spring in order to become a br.ide. An
informal reception was given to Miss
Gowan yesterday at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Spieker, 2100 De
visadero street.
Miss Bessie Gowan Engaged!
Miss Mabel Cluff is an exceedingly
attractive young lady, possessed of
many charming attainments and is a
favorite with both matrons and belles.
a flood of congratulations were ready
to be extended to him for his fortunate
match.
Among the members of tRe younger
set of San Francisco the marriage will
be looked forward to with pleasant an
ticipation. •
The formal announcement of the en
gagement of Miss Mabel Cluff, daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. William Cluff, to
John C. Wilson, who is prominent in
both club and commercial circles, was
made yesterday by the young lady's
mother and was accompanied by the
statement that the marriage would be
celebrated during the early part of the
new year, probably ab.out the" middle
of February.
That Miss Mabel Cluff would soon
follow the example of her sister, who
was only recently married, was little
dreamed of by those who attended her
sister's wedding, and consequently
there was no little surprise expressed
when the engagement was made public.
Hardly had the news gone abroad
before the bells at the Bohemian Club
were ringing merrily for "Jack"' Wil
son, but that happy young gentleman
was too busily engaged in a drive
with his fair bride-to-be to realize that
Information was conveyed to Po
liceman Davids yesterday morning
that a family was in destitute condi
tion at 2 Vallejo place, off Vallejo
street, between Montgomery avenue
and Stockton street. He went there
and found Joseph Ramos and five
children, whose ages are 14 years, 5
years, 3 years, 16 months and 4
months, respectivel>vcooped up in one
room.
Ramos said he had been a wood
chopper a'nd. laborer at Reno, Nev.,
and his wife had been committed to an
Insane asylum there. The county of
ficials had purchased his team of
horses to enable him to bring his fam
ily here, assuring him that he would
soon get employment for himself and
eldest boy. He had paid one week's
rent for his room, but had \*ery little
means left.
~Ramos said he had been unable to
search for employment, as he could
not find any one to look after his ba
bies. The attention of the California
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children will be called to the case,
so that a home may be provided for
the little ones.
Joseph Ramos, Woodchopper and La-
borer from Reno, and His Little
Odes in Pitiable Condition.
FATHER AND HIS
CHILDREN* DESTITUTE
PROMINENT YOUNG- BUSINESS* MAN OF THIS CITY AND CHARM
ING, SOCIETY GIRL. THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF WHOSE. EN
GAGEMENT WAS A PLEASANT SURPRISE TO SOCIETY.
Fair Oaks Gimp Xo. 16 and Lin
cri'n Camp, California .Sons of Vet
rrans. vv"iil hold a. joint installation of
oHlcers at Rod lien's Hall. Post street.
on tiie evening of January 12. After
iho Installation a fine musica! and lit
erary prosrarnm<» will be rendered, for
which many well-known entertainers
have? voiurteered their services.
The Sons of Veterans are now con-
Fidrring a plan for forming a ladies'
auxiliary, and it, is probable that this
new branch of the popular order will
be established shortly. All members
of the Grand Army are cordially in
vited to attend the installation. The
following ofiicers will be installed:
Fair Oaks Camp — Commander,
George S. Gould; senior vice com
mander. A. L. Learn; junior vice com
mander. Fred A. Reynolds- camp
council — C. E. Vaupel. TV. G. C. Luck
hardt and Dr. D. B. Plymire; first ser
geant, W. W. Davis; quartermaster
sergeant, TV. E. Lswrence; sergeant of
the guard, A. F. Knolls; chaplain, A.
J. Cloud; musician and color sergeant,
ilonroe P. Seeley; camp and picket
guard, Dr. F. A. Plymire.
Lincoln Camp — Commander, D. S.
Cahen; senior vice commander, San
born Backus; junior vice commander.
L. R. Vane; cajnp council — D. "U'olf
rom, F. Vi'olfrorn and Charles Blank.
The members of the Olympic Club that
had their annual bath in the ocean on
Xmap day have given their Eastern
friends a demonstration that it can be
done. After it wns over they should have
¦wanned up by using a gas heater from
fi. F. Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post st. •
I J lea.«ar>t Function to Take Place
on January 12.
Members of Two Camps Prepare for
SONS OF VETERAN'S WILL
INSTALL THEIB OFFICERS
Lebanon Presbyterian Church, cor
ner of Twenty-third and Sanchez
streets, held its Christmas services
yesterday. Rev. R. Logan, the pas
tor, preached the sermons morning
and evening. An excellent musical
programme was rendered and many
pretty anthems were sung. Among
the anthems given by the church
choir were: "Behold, I Bring You
Good Tidings" (Lyon). "Noel"
(Adam), 'Sing Unto the Lord" (Bier
ly), "Jesus, the Son, Is Born." ,
The text for the evening service was
taken from Luke, chapter 2, second
verse, and was as follows? "The
heavenly babe ir. swaddling clothes ly
ing in the manger." The Rev. Mr.
Logan delivered an excellent sermon.
He said the highest good js often
found in that which appears to be
mean and contemptible. He referred
to the examples of great men of the
world, and especially of some in this
country, who had risen from lowly
birth. He said: "In the babe of
Bethlehem. we see a union of the di
vine and human. It is sometimes dif
ficult to find the point at which the
natural and the supernatural meet.
That which seems to be accidental is
a part of God's plans. The long chain
of events in the Roman Empire and in
the Jewish history culminated in the
babe of Bethlehem. There are no ac
cidents in God's government; there is
a destiny that shapes our ends." The
last point brought out by Dr. Logan
was that "there is strength in appar
ent weakness."
Christmas Sermon Preached by the
Rev. R. Logan nt Sanchez and
Twenty-Third Streets.
LEBANON* PRESBYTERIAN"
CHURCH HOLDS SERVICES
I At the Howard-street Methodist
Church last night the pastor. Rev. A.
C. Bane, preached a sermon on thn
evils of gambling. The speaker used the
case of the .defaulting secretary of the
State University as an illustration. He
condemned not only the bookmakers
and managers of the tracks, but also
the city authorities who permitted gam
bling to be carried on openly. The vot
ers of the city also came in for a share
of criticism for failing to crush the
racetrack at the polls. Mr. -Sane said
in part:
The example before us is a deplorable one —
that of a young man who has ruined his career
confessedly for the sole purpose of squander-
Ing his earnings at the race track, yet public
i morals an 1 a; such a low ebb that the chances
! are he v.li? not be prosecuted ss strongly for
! the theft of upward of 540,000 as he would
be had he. taken but a $5 piece. It do«s seem
as though the more a man steals the less
likely 1<» Is to ba punished. *
I read recently that as a result of this
theft the racing period Is to be shortened, not
stopped. • We have laws providing that every
possible be used to exterminate chol
era, smalipox and bubonic plague, but these
have not claimed a hundredth part of the vic
tims the race track has. Who would ever
dream of the Legislature limiting the number
of days during which cholera should be per
mitted to r»ire unchecked in our -midst? It is)
'• truly a sad state of affairs when more atten
tion Is paid to the physical than the moral
man.'
After a hard fight by the press and pulpit
a short stop was p"ut to track gambling. Yet
a short tlnv» afterward the people of this city
put the stamp of approval upon Rambling l>jr
re-electlnr the Mayor and Supervisors whu
favored legalized gambling. To say that rac
ing is permitted because of the horse
is nonsense, as the managers of . the
track admit that It would be profitless with
out gambling. The reason it exists Is because
It la able to pay to exist. McKowen says the
races are not conducted honestly. He should
know, because he has been there.
The liquor Interests and the racing Inter
ests seem to go hand In hand. It Is never
theless" a fact that many young men receive
their first lessons In gambling In what pur
port to be Christian homes. A game of pro
gressive euchre for a prize ts a gambling game
and .mar Implant In the breast- of some Chris
tian young man or woman an unconquerable
desire to play for higher stake*. This is not
only dangerous, but sinful, yet I learned re
cently to-, my dismay of a case of this kind
among my own congregation."
The speaker concluded his remarks by
urging young men to stay away from
cigar stands where wagers are taken
on the races or dice shaken* and from
the back rooms of saloons, where there
is always a temptation to engage in a
game of cards.
Pastor Takes Stand on Duties
of Wedlock Like That Pro
mulgated by the President
»
"Marriage" was the subject of a, ser
mon delivered at St. Mary's (Paullst)
: Church at the 11 o'clock service yester
day by the Rev. Father H. H. Wyman,
the rector.
Father Wyman dealt with the respon
sibilities of -wedlock and scored those
•who looked to the club and fraternal
eocicties for their life'8 pleasures.
Father Wyman in part said:
God bestows th« highest of natural happi
:r»ss in man when h* gives him a. family to
ilove and work for nnd to depend upon in his
•old arc. Those who give up marriage and
:tho lo\r of a family for ttM harr«-n and fruit-
J3*s* i>les»urfs of the clubhouse and bachelor
••apartment cheat themselves of th<? sweevast
¦natural joys that God can Rive to man.
. When rnpn substitute for the natural and
• divinely instituted social life of the family
?Th» artificial companionship of the club or
ffrarernlty they ar« Fimpiy 6i v :np "P the EUb
1 Fiance for the shadow of Joy. They are not
«nly pursoir.K a phantom, but are losing and
• Trillins tKx> very object which was created to
f«*tlsrfy their wants.
The root cf this evil '.» simply selfishness—
the desiri* to avoid labor and sacrifice, whereas
• nature can give no real satisfaction or happi-
( T>ess !n anything that is not the fruit cf
iboth toil and w.If-drnlal.
This principle unlortunafly is utterly lc
rnry-d by many mrn of the world to-day. Th«
'rby> t l=al comfort of the parsing hour is rr«
'ferred toy tbt-in to tl** solid happiness which
,ji*ver diminishes. The human race is by
r.atur* a, family, rot a mere conglomeration of
: Individual with diverse interest.*. The weatk
.nesse-s and helplessness of childhood have to
[tM sustained by the etrrnsth and vipor cf
parents. h*>nre God fn the beginning estab
lished matrimony, bulldlne it by th»> produc
tion of offspring of one blood with both father
And mother. •
Children, therefore, are man's most precious
• j*pacy. They perpetuate npt only his name
•tat his own flcEh and blood— his very life.
Furthermore, marriage was instituted by
'<ir4 net merely for utility and convenience.
fr<it for the proparatfon of the human family.
*O<xS waid to our first par<\r.t«. ••Increase and
rmu!tir>!y and fill the earth." Matrimony,
{therefore. is the nursery ground of Christian
ity, ordained to fill the earth with 1«>I lever*
aiifl complete thi number of the elect In
heaven.
Matrimony i». as St. Paul Fay*, a. sreat
fa'-ramfni, and for the most cf mankind— I
jni<r!;t say for nir?e-t«-mh«> of the human race —
th* creat^itt rrov#»nti\e of licentiousness.
To sot marriase nside. therefore, is. jr«ner
pl!y Freaking, to gi\f free, rein to impurity.
The chastity of a people is universally rtf
¦noted hy the numtKr of tnarriaee? and by the
innrk^d nultirtflrity o* the offsprine.
Ir.asnrach j's <JoVi j? the author of matri
mony, he Is the only one who has the right to
rfi'-termirie its fruitfulnoss. M<-n have no right
to !irr,it cr r^culate th-; number of their oft
yprir.p.
Shortly before noon yesterday the
two Japanese opened the iron door of
the chimney shaft and proceeded to
place the waste from the theater inside
the shaft- A back draught suddenly
get fire to the heap of rubbish and a
wave of flame enveloped the men.
Harry Campbell, treasurer of the
opera-house, and Mr. Van Eyton,
doorkeeper, rushed to the aid of the
Japanese. Campbell was burned on
the right hand in putting out the fire
that was consuming the clothes of
the two unfortunate men and Eyton
aJso suffered injuries.
Medical aid was summoned and the
Japanese were given every attention
and then sent in an ambulance to the
Central Emergency Hospital. They
were severely burned on the face artd
body and it is feared that both may
lose their eyesight.
The management of the Grand
Opera-house did everything possible
to aid the men who were burned and
will lee that all attention is given to
them.
I. Doi and C. Kawaguchf, Japanese
employes of the Grand Opera-house,
¦were severely burned yesterday -while
engaged In disposing of rubbish swept
from the interior of the theater.
The two men had gathered a quan
tity of paper arid dirt and conveyed
It to the base of the chimney of 'the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Works
on Jessie street, adjoining the theater.
It has been the custom of the Japan
ese to place the dirt ' inside the big
chimney shaft, where the flames and
heat consume the waste.
Cites Case of Secretary Mc-
Kowen as 'Warning* to Young
Men Fond of Playing Ponies
Treasurer of Theater, H. Camp
bell, Renders Aid to Employes
and Sustains Slight Injury
DENOUNCES RACE TRACKS
CHILDREN MAN'S LEGACY
Father Wyman Says Those <"Who
Sacrifice Family for Clubs
Lose Natural Joy of Home
THEY MAY BECOME BLIND
Japanese Are Injured ."While
Destroying the .Waste From
Stage of Grand Opera-Houso
Rev. A. C. Bane Advises His
Hearers Against Card Parties
'.."Where Prizes Are Offered
SOCIAL GAMING
IS DANGEROUS
PRIEST TALKS
ON MARRIAGE
FLAMES SEAR
TWO MEN'S EYES
Society Receives With' Pleasant Surprise- Announcement
of the Engagement- of Miss Mabel Ciuff to J. C. Wilson
and Eagerly Looks Forward to Their Marriage Shortly
WEDDING BELLS TO RING
FOR PROMINENT COUPLE
12
OF*
This week we will place on special sale 5 cases
Lace Curtains in Madras Net, Colonial Net, AraDlan,
Battenberrj and Renaissance.
250 pairs Madras Net Lace Curtains in botH
white and ecru. 18 different designs, $1.50 palp
300 pairs Colonial and Cable Net Lace Curtains,
white and ecru, varu handsome designs, $3.00 pair
200 pairs Cordei Arabian Lace Curtains oil
heayu Cable Nst. 15 different designs,
$3.oo and $3.50 pair
250 pairs Renaissance Lac5 Curtains. 20 dif-
ferent designs, $3.50, $4.50 and $6.00 pair
150 pairs Ruffled Muslin and Net Curtains, 7
different stules, $1.50 pair
We will a' so show a large varleti of Colorei
Madras, Battenberg and Irish Point Curtains, Tap-
estry Portieres, Tapestru and Yelour Couch Coders
and Ruffled Lace Bed Sets,
ZZZIIZZZZZ=ZIIZZZZZZZ=ZZ=Z
BLANKETS
2 cases White California Blankets, size for three-
auarier he-is, $3.75 pair
45 pairs full size White Blankets (Golden Gata
Brand) in pink ani blue borders, assorted,
$8.50 pair
Regular value S10.50 pair.
•
|\J f~\ TP lni* Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
1 V-^ 1 JEZy All orders for samples or goods fUled
?¦— i»^— — — — — anJ shipped same day they are received.
If j- 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BDWEM
& CO
CANDY
Finest French mixed — large
assortment — sells elsewhere
50c lb. Our price 40c
Beautiful holiday boxes for *
New Years gifts (}
| LIQUORS
Special for New Years 4
Whisky— O. K. bourbon 3 for $2
Reg'ly $1 bottle— $4 gallon gal $$
Highland Club-Scotch , g5
Killycroy— Irish esiy ' 1 c
Caledonian — Scotch £1.15
Reg'ly $i.J5
Gin — Wynand Fockink $1.25
Stone jug or black bottle— reg'ly $1.50
Brandy — California 75c
Pure— reg'ly $1 botUe— $4 galbn 53
Riesling — Golden pts $1.90
Excellent white wine — qts 3.35
reg'ly $2.50— $4— $1 gil 75c
Claret — Zinfandel pts $1.75
Extra V. V.-pleaslng Usta qts 3
mild-pure — gil 75c
reg'ly |2.15— J3.50— $1
Port — Commendador rerMy <« - rt
; Sherry— Emperador 12 bottle
Exceptionally fine old Spanish wines
Orange bitters 90c
Field's— reg'ly $1 bottla
Ginger ale— Belfast $1^35
Cochrans & Co. — rej'Iy $1.50 4oz
432 PINE 232 8UTTE«
2829 California San Francls&>
13th and Clay Streets Oakland
fft Holiday Gifts J|
i V EYE CLASSES >3^
\1> OPERA GLASSES fcH
jTf KODAKS (J
LmmJ, And Other Useful Articlss.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. XXYIGO&4*
• tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and SpecU*
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
Tte Mexican - Remedies for Diseases of th«
Kldn-»y» and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS St BRUXE. Agents.
323 Market St., S. F.— (Send for Circulars).
Ul/. T. HESS.
Rotary Publics ana Attorney-at>£ftw.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus SBreckela bld»
Telephone Main 883
Resident*. 821 California at., below PewtU.
1 Residence Telephone James 1501,
BQWEN
For New Years Gifts
; Made of the choicest blends
; of Havana tobaccos— original
packages $1 up
Humidors
Eiegant natural wood cabinets to prsserva
Jie good qualities of £- to &35
our line cigars P3-3V LU #03
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Special
' Puree defotes eras 20c
j Teyssonneau-yeg'ly 25c can
i Keiller Sprotten 10c
j Smoked Sardines In oil — .
| reg'ly 12, '^c can
Kona Coffee 20c
j The genuins — reg'ly 25c lb
I Ripe black Olives " 30c
Rich in oil — reg'ly 35c qt
Gelatine— Cox / 2 for 25c
Purest and best made
Reg'ly 15c pkg (large size)
I Prunes — ItaliaA 3 lbs 25c
i Wholesome — tart fruit —
reg' y 10c lb
Bacon — Ferris 22c
' Good every momlng In the- year
j reg'ly 24c lb
i Tub butter 27 #c
| Good— sweet— reg'ly 30c lb
i Ginger — China 30c
Preserved extra stems— 60c
reg'ly 35c — 70c pot
I '
A^TS^INVALIDS^
Fresh milk is good ; fresh milk
and Mellih's Food is better.
Try it with your baby.
Whether you nurse your baby or use Mel-
Jin's Food you will find our book, •?The I
C»re and Feeding of Infants," very useful.
Simply write far it. It will be sent free.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
I (UaHRr I wl ' l. ' Gv tAa »¦ ¦¦¦•I
WEEKLY C^LL, §1.00 PER YEAli!
i The 'King I
|l of Coffees I
||j 50 cents Pound W
fp We are sole a^entJ. ma
ra Kona Koffee, Kompany S
tjj ! 45 Stockton St.. ne&r Gezn~y 11
OPP City of Pwjj try Goods Co. * l|>]|
'0, . Phone 5u^h5lO^ pi