VOLUME XCIV— "SO. 95.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1903.
rHE large Turkish city of Adrianople/ located something over one hun
dred miles from the Sultan's capital, is again reported to be in flames.
A portion of the city is said to have been destroyed by explosion before the
conflagration.
T" 'HE Constantinople. authorities have notified representatives of foreign
/ powers resident there that the Bulgarian agitators project outrages
against the embassies, legations and public buildings in the capital. The
Ottoman government is. taking precautions and has warned the foreign missions.
rWENTY'HIHE persons wer& killed yesierdqy by ¦ three : Qxplo-sloris on the'
Austrian. steamship Vaskapu, which had, s.ai7ed from the Bulgarian pari
of. Burgas for Constantinople. ¦ Bulgarian revolutionists 'are. declared in the ¦
Austrian capifdf to bo responsible for the-outrage", : -.. • ". v ¦: f/-. ¦'•¦¦'¦¦
BombyyasidBxplbde
at Pprt *.qf Q>ti
¦ siafititipple.^
Twpniy^Ntri&Pet:&ons>
[.:¦ \Dfe • m^trible > :
:• • -r\ : Disaster. X- -:M
BULGARIAN REVOLUTIONISTS BLOW UP AN AUSTRIAN STEAMER;
ADRIANOPLE MA Y BE IN FL AMES AND TURKS WARN DIPLOMATS
There were several explosions and many
narrow escapes. Several persons were
sllsrhtly hurt. • \
CINCINNATI, O., Sept. 2.-Fire in the
five-story building at 204 to 208 Walnut
street .to-day caused a loss of $H5,
000. It started from spontaneous combus
tion. Among the losses were: J. c. Mc-
Cullough Seed Company, $50,000; Selburt,
West & Co., $60,000.
Large Loss From Fire.
EL PASO. Tex., Sept 2.-Imm!gration
officials here received instructions to-day
from the Commissioner General to admit
no Chinese to this country other than
Embassadors or legation officers and to
be especially vigilant in guarding the
frontier. Chinese who pass through la
bond are also excluded.
These Instructions were given, it is ex
plained, because large numbers of Chi
nese have recently landed at the Mexican
seaports and hundreds are seeking an op
portunity to enter at these and other
border DOlnta.
Be Vigilant in Guarding
the Frontier,
Instructed by the Commissioners to
IMMIGRATION OFFICIALS
WATCHING FOR CHINESE
PARIS, Sept. 2.— Baron Henry de Roths
child appeared in the Police Court to an
swer the charge of automobile scorching.
The case came up previously before the
courts, but was postponed. His defense*
was that he had a permit from. the Min
istry of the Interior as a doctor, allow
ing him to disregard the speed regula
tions. He -was, nevertheless, sentenced
to one day's imprisonment and a fine of
10 francs. •
Paris Magistrate Finds Him Guilty
of Violating the Automo
bile Law.
BARON DE ROTHSCHILD
SENTENCED IN A COURT
LAS PALMAS, Sept. 2.— It is reported
that the French cruiser Gallilee bom
barded Cape Juby on Monday last. No
confirmation of the report, however, is
yet. at hand. The attack on Cape Juby
is undoubtedly . connected with M.
Jacques Lebaudy's empire.
Lebaudy announced he was going to
found a new country on the west coast
of Africa, near this point, of which he
was -to be sole sovereign. He fitted out
an expedition and landed. But It hap
pened that the locality was in Moorish
territory and Morroccan authorities cap
tured five of his party, refusing to give
them up. An expedition was fitted out by
the Paris Journal to rescue them and the
French Government is also said to have
taken steps to that end.
Leads to Trouble With the
Moroccan Authorities.
Jacques Lebaudy's Empire Venture
CAPE JUBY BOMBARDED
BY A FRENCH CRUISER
Shortly after 10 o'clock last night Weil
brenner drove to Sagamore Hill in a
phaeton, buggy. . He was stopped by the
6ecret service operative on dutyJ ' Weil
brenner said he had a. personal engage
ment with tfie President and desired to
MAKES .THREE ATTEMPTS.
¦ ¦'Rei.nfo.rcemeirts •»;ere hurriedly eum
jnon'td Irom -the: Village- and a search of
, the gfound's was made. bui. .t-he'two'.jstxan-
"frers'whom'the gardener had heard prowl
}rig abolit his cottage could not be found.
.Their footprints, ho-wever, were plainly
visible where they had. made, their way up
the -bill- 'roadway and about the grounds.
•• '-'.'Coiae on, "it's all- right/' Seaman heard
one of ihera cay to the other on his cot
tage'porch. Then one' of them siumbled
•a gainst. a. rustic chair and the two were
:' htard .running away in the darkness. If
tiere is' any connection between Weil-*
breriner" and these two, the fact' has not
yet been learned by the. -secret" service
faenl ; WJellbrenner has been closely ques
tioned as to' whether he had any accom
plices, fcut j>« far as Is. known denies that
any one -except -himself was connected
with the attempts on.ths President's' life.
¦XVcilbrenner admits his own part of it.
i ."I wanted to kill him; I had my shoot
ing lroa ready," he told the secret service
agents." Weilbrenner gives every indica
tion .of- 'being Insane, his dementia taking
ihe form of fancied" Injuries he has re
ct;i.ved at the President's hands.
" Weilbrenner fancies that his own mis
fortunesi and those of his family are due
to the President's attitude .toward or
ganized labor, and he has for several
months ¦ beeo cherishing . grievances
against ;Hr" President.
i*'Why -doesn't the President do some
thing for organized labor?" he asked one
of his neighbors.
• For- the 'unsettling of Weilbrcnner's
xnind bis younger brother ' William ap
pears, to be reeponsible. William, who
had been working in N« • -ork, lost his
employment last spring and returned to
the farm to brood over his troubles and
pour the tale of his misfortunes Into the
ears of his elder brother.
SEARCH . FOB, STEANGERS.
•.OrSTER BATf L.. r, S*pt.*2.— No one
¦better than. President- Roosevelt realizes
hi>w; near he was to death at. the hands
of a- erased, .would-be assassin last night
Attracted-, by the noise cf a disturbance.
in the grounds . surroii.nClng . Sagamore
IJill, Mr. . Roosevelt stepped, out into the
frorcli: ..¦Jjess-ihan 100. feet away -in a bug
jET . stoo.d ' Heni-J- YVeilbresner. a .' young
jarmer\of Syosset, Ii I., wifh a revolver
ainied . djre'ctjy. at the President as he
Hood 'silhouetted -by the light .from' his
library. Within a fraction" of a second
The bullet woul.d' have -sped cri its way
>-.d ¦'nojt. the' .nSaslao's ; revolver been
knocked from Iris hand bya secret service
agent. ' • : - ; - • -' .- .-' •
• •At the . same time • two men who. have
ttut- yet .beeii captured or; identified wera
jirowlitg-'-about . the grounds, while the
Preside:*! was' left etitirely unguarded in
his house,.' all the' secret strvfee men. hav
ing :hurried. to tire spot where Weilbrenner
was" ¦overpowered.- •: • '
.- Realizing that something was wrong,
the President called, for some one. His
¦f hoi»t . was heard_ by- John Seaman,, his
gardener-,- at- ; his cottage m the hollow be
ioyrihe.' President's, house... who hai al
ready.boen.awakened by the noise made
fry two men- crossing his porch. Seaman
riin-to'tbt secret j5ervi.ee men where they
Were' surrounding 'Weilbrenjner,' warned
theirr of the presence of two other men in
the'-:gr6uhds 'and with- one cf them rushed
lo-tltfc rside; of -the President* - '
Sr«cial nitpatc?i to The Call.
Other-; Prowlers Escape in
o vGoniusion ' Following '
- - ¦ -ttie Attempt
Mrs. Wesley A. Tucker lives at 809 St
Paul street. She had been at Aix les
Bains, France, with her daughter, Mrs.
Howard Ridgley. Mrs. Tucker was noti
fied by cable that the safe deposit box
had been railed and she sailed Immedi
ately for home. Mrs. George H. Glover of
New York, another daughter, met her
here. .
Tucker was connected with tlie former
shoe firm of Tucker, Smith & Co., of
which firm his father was a member. He
is a member of the Maryland, the Balti
more and Elkridge Fox Hunting clubs.
He was recently made the defendant in
a suit brought by Miss Sarah G. Morris
of Baltimore, who demanded in all about
$41,000. Of this amount she declared thai
52400 had been loaned by her to Tucker.
She asked $25,000 for breach of promise
and $10,000 for alleged assault.
Tucker, who is 36 years of age, had been
plunging in stocks, it is said. It is un
derstood that there will be no complaint
to the police lodged against him. He was
not under bond.
BALTIMORE, Md.. Sept. • 2.— William
Tucker, who is known In club circles as
"Willie" Tucker, is missing and so are
$560,000 worth of securities belonging to
the trust fund of his father's estate, of
which Tucker was co-executor with his
mother.
The discovery of the shortage was made
to-day when Mrs. Tucker, who had been
summoned from Europe, directed that the
doors of the box in the vaults of the Mer
cantile Trust Company be broken off. It
was found that of the Securities valued
at ${£9,000 only $93,000 remained and these
are registered in the name of Mrs. Tuck
er. AH the others, consisting of negotia
ble bonds and stocks, had disappeared.
• Tucker, who is an only son, is believed
to be somewhere in. Central America. To
a young woman, it is stated. Tucker made
a confession. She was on " the same
steamer with him and has returned here.
Her name is being withheld. She is said
to be a divorced woman. Information
as to Tucker's whereabouts v.-as obtained
through this source/
J ¦ Special Dispatch to The Call.
After hand-to-hand conflicts with the
Indians the cowboys succeeded in reach
ing open ground, where they soon proved
their superiority and compelled the In
dians to seek cover. They had lost only
two of their party, but the son of their
patron was among the slain. They had
experienced a hard fight, and although
they had. come out victorious, Diaz and
his men felt no inclination to follow the
Indians back again into the hills. They
retreated to the ranch, from which a
messenger was sent out summoning aid.
As soon as the news of the fight reached
Guaymas Federal forces of the militia
district were ordered to go in pursuit of
the Indians. It is thought that the Yaquis
exhausted their supply of ammunition In
the fight and the soldiers expect to have
little difficulty in breaking up the band.
HAND-TO-HAND STRIFE.
Diaz learned of the presence of the
Yaquis in the country from one of' the
men whom they attacked and pursued,
but who succeeded In escaping them. He
at once recruited an attacking party from
among his cowboys and went in the direc
tion of- the place where the Indians had
been seen. The Yaquls had fled to a
range of mountains several miles back of
the ranch, where they were strongly in
trenched, there being about twenty-flve
or thirty in the band, as far as the Mex
icans could estimate.
The Indians sent out a handful of men
to decoy the unsuspecting cowboys, who
believed they composed the entire party.
When attacked the Indians fled in the
direction of the. spot where their com
rades were intrenched, and in this way
Diaz and his men were" drawn into the
trap. . A hot lire was poured in upon them
from all sides and they would have be
come completely demoralized but for Diaz,
who rallied his horsemen after their first
fright and dashed at their head up a side
canyon.
FIGHT III MOUNTAINS.
The Mexican party had gone in pursuit
of the Yaquls and had been ambushed
and the whole party narrowly escaped be
ing massacred. Their leader kept a cool
head and this alone saved him. for the
men took courage and fought fiercely to
save themselves from the howling sav
ages.
The report says that many Indians, one
cowboy and Alejandro Diaz, the son of
the leader, were killed in the engagement.
A number of bodies of Indians were
found and more are believed to have been
fatally shot. ! ..-..• *
GUATMAS, Mexico, Sept. 2.— A special
dispatch to El Correo de Sonora, a Guay
mas newspaper, coming from San Jose
de Guaymas, states that a runner ar
rived there bringing news of a bloody
fight .near the Sur del Tezal ranch on
Monday between a band of Yaqul Indians
and fourteen cowboys, under the leader
ship of Jose Diaz, the proprietor of that
and several other ranches in the same
section.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Al#ess-oi Officer
: z $m : -Life of;
His Mother Returns From
Europe to Find Vast Sum
Has Disappeared.
Bloody Hand-to-Hand Com
bats Stain the Soil of
the Mountains.
Savages Slaughtered
After Attempting
Massacre.
William Tucker Goes
Away After Looting
a Vault.
faces Reyolver
|||ii||p
i ilimafe
Desperate Battle
With Mexican
Indians.
Half Million . Dol
lars Missing in
Baltimore.
NATION'S
CHIEF IS
IN PERIL
YAQUIS FULL
BEFORE GUNS
OF COWBOYS
SON STEALS
THE FORTUNE
AND VANISHES
Continued on Page 2, Column 5.
Continued on Page 2, Column 1,
•' S~V ;O(N S; XANTIXQFLEJ :
B ;' ': ..Sept. ' 2.— i^Three. ; .expton.
«^j^ •_ sions occurred t'Q-Vla'y jooTJ
•.•• y the; . Austr^h'; -steamer
Vajsk'apu, soon after- lea vmg-.tlie.
Bulgarian po rt. of -Burgas, eiV route
for ConstantrnQplei .'and! twenty,
nine persons' perished. ¦ .The boa"t
caught fire arid Jhadto'be .feeacdi^ds-
A telegrani conveying this. nexvs :
was receivedby the agent here* of-,
the Hungarian. • IleSant • lineV'-tq.
which the Vaska'pu belonged.
telegram ' said the. i-VasJcaptj " has!
been destroyed' in ; the Black 'Sea.-
The captain; arid officers '.'of* tfre*
steamer and s\x:qi her crew..wer£.
killed, a total of; twenty-nine- Ihfes'-'
being lost. ' -\ • ' . \ •.'"*¦
* The Vaskapu sailed from Virna,
, Bulgaria, and after callin£-at Bur^
• gas was steaming through; the
Black. Sea:' to ; • Constantinople,
•when three explosions, took place*
oirjbbard The deck. of the vessel
took' fire- and -she had to be fun^
ashore at Misrbva -Bay, .eighteen
miles north of .Burgas, where she
is still burning. : '. • 7
The Vaskapii belonged . to' the'
Hungarian Levant St&amshfp
Company of Fiurae, Austria, and
has been engaged in the Black. Sea.
service. She was built in New-^
castle in 1891 and was a' steamer,
of" 1076 tons. She \vas 2.60 feet
long and 34 feet beam and- had -a
depth of 16.9 feet. - .' .
LONDON, Sept." 2.— Special
dispatches from Constantinople
published here describe the de
struction of the steamer 'Vaskapu
as a revolutionary, outrage. They
state that the bomb was timed to .
¦ The,news Is published here of an eight-
hour fight which "occurred at SmllovoAu-
gust 26 between 500 insurgents and eight
battallons of Turkish troops supporteh by
artillery. Thlrty-flve insurgents are re-
ported, to have- been killed, while sixty
Turks were killed or wounded. . On the'
following day the Turks returned and
burned the village. ' Seven other villages
in the neighborhood are said to have been
burned ; by; the Turks. .
The insurgents in the, district ot Adri-
anople appear 'to be 7 less active. ; The
Turks'are" pouring in in overwhelming
force 'and the revolutionaries are taking
lorteauu iiiD ™.uu « Tv. „„,„.,'
refuge.in the mountains. The Bulgarian
leader Gergicoff has been wounded.
The Russian Government has declined
to receive the visit of the deputation of
Macedonian . fugitives in Bulgaria, who
proposed to go to St. Petersburg and in
form the Czar of .the pitiable condition of
Macedonia and beg for his lntervenUon.
The deputation has been informed. that
the Russian Government deems the visit
unnecessary, as it>. quite understands
the purpose of the deputation,
-The insurgents, It is reported, have cap
tured the seaport of Autoboly, on the
Black Sea, and the Turkish population
has fled to Constantinople. The insur
gents have organized a local government
a, 1 th, e 8eaP°rt and are giving ships their
clearing, papers and sanitary certificates,
The j^^ contlnues t0 rePort numer
ous outrages on the part of the Turkish
soldiers In a number of villages.
both official and revolutionary
circles to be untrue. : Well-informed, per
sons, however, assert that the report was
correct, but. that- its premature publica
tion disarranged :the plans of the revolu
tionists and therefore it is denied.
According to' reliable 1 reports from Man
as'.; r, thousands of Bulgarians -in that
vilayet are confronted with famine in ad
dition to Turkish persecution. Peasants
who are continually arriving from Mon
astlr complain of the attitude of ; Hilmi
J?asba and the Turkish atrocities. >
• '^to OFIA,* Sept. 2.— The report
%^ published by the Dnevlk of ' a
general uprising in Northern
£± mmg J' Maceidonla Is pronounced in
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 2.— The Porte has sent a note to the foreign embassies and le
gations, informing them that, according to police information, the Bulgarian agitators are .
projecting outrages against the embassies,' legations and other public buildings in Constanti
nople. The note says the Ottoman Government has taken precautions and requests the
y*>fc ELGRADE, Sept. 2: — An unconfirmed report is again published here that Adrianople.is in
Jf J VIENNA, Sept. 2.— The Belgrade papers to-night are again spreading, sensational
*^^ -^ rumors that a portion of the town of Adrianople had been blown up, and that the other
part is burning. No confirmation of these reports is obtainable here. .
Destruction of a City *in the Region of the Sultan's Capital Said
to HayeBeen Accomplished by Rebels.
IMPOSING . BUILDING IN* ADRUNOPLE, THE POPULOUS CITY IN EUROPEAN TURRET ' WHICH" IS AGAIN
REPORTED TO HAVE BEEN SET. ON. FIRE BY ENRAGED BULGARIAN ONE OF THE
OFFICERS IN THE SULTAN'S ARMY AND TWO PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN CONSTANTINOPLE. . . • " V;
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.HATIDH'S CHIEF IS IH PERIL.
SAUSALITO. Sept. 2.— P.. Moulton was
found dead "in- bed this, rqorrilnjf and Coro
ner' Sawyer took charge of the; remains.
Moulton had lived in Sausalito for many
.years. He conducted' a drug store on Wa
ter street and was one of the most promi
nent citizens of the' city.* He. sold out h/s
business r about a week .ago. He was 63
years old. . . . : . . ¦ ' ' - ' ; •
Sausalitan Dies Suddenly.
This theory is strengthened by his re
fusal to make explanations when brought;
to the County Hospital, and also by his
remarkable likeness to pictures of Henry
Wise, alias Henry West,* alias J. D. Wil
son, whose third sentence of ten year's tn
San Quentln was "finished .in 1S93, arnd
who is now wanted in .Placer Couty tor
stage robbery.'-. '• • . . . :
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 2.— The
Sheriff's office here has a. prisoner who
is believed to be a desperate criminal,
wanted In Placer County for stage rot*
bery and a three-term conylct, although
less than 40 years old. He was found ly
ing: across the railroad track at Barstow,
unconscious from a terrible blow- on top
pf the head and evidently, had been placed
there to be cut to pieces i by the west
bound overland train. In his pocket was
found a skillfully made mask and the card
of "M..J. Rellley" of the Silverton, Colo./
"Waiters' UnloH. Th© .man was found on
the track several hours after the theft of
a "Wells-Fargo" treasure box and it is be
lieved by officers that -Re participated In
that robbery and was later struck on the
head by his partner in the . crlmA and left
for the train to finish him. • •
San Bernardino Officers
Believe That He Is
a Criminal. .
UNCONSCIOUS MAN
FOUND ON TRACK
AUBURN," Sept. 2.— Thomas Shirley, a liv
ery stable employ* who swallowed an overdose
of mori Jiino on • Friday . night ; last. died, i here
to-day. • He . was formerly a resident of Au
burn, but of late has been living at Dixon.
•CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 2.— It is
stated that the Turkish commanders are
adopting Lord Kitchener's tactics in the
Transvaal by making, drives in the Kirk
Kilisseh district and elsewhere, with the
Idea of destroying or : driving the insur
gent bands over the Bulgarian frontier. •.
..The authorities. at Smyrna are refusing
to call out more- redifs, those last sum
moned to the colors having deserted en
masse because they received no pay. .">:
Turkish Commarfders Driving Insur
gent Bands Toward Frontier.
KITCHENER'S TACTICS.
SALONICA, Sept. 2.— Turkish troops
yesterday attacked a strong band of in
surgents commanded by Captain Nicolas
and completely destroyed it. The engage
ment took place between the village of
Izderlick and Lake Radorik. -
Turkish troops are pursuing the remains
.of the bands dispersed at Kllss'oura and
have found them among the mountains.
A band which was under command of a
Bulgarian chief named Popoff has been
entirely destroyed. .
Desperate Fighting in the Vicinity of
Lake Radorik.
TURKS DESTROY TROOPS.
VIENNA, Sept. 2.— Although during his
visit her© King Edward has not sought
a private conference with Premier Count
Goluchowski, it Is believed that the
Balkan troubles have been the subject of
discussion between the King and the
Austrian Emperor. It Is pointed out' that
ROYAL CONFERENCE.
King Edward and Francis Joseph
Discuss Balkan Troubles.
¦'CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 2.— Accord- •
Ing to. Government advices Coionel Jan
koCf, the Insurgent leader, who with a
.strong .following is operating southward
of Demotyka,* has been Intrusted with the
task of destroying the larger brldge3 of
the-rallroad running from Dedeagatch v on
the. south coast, to Juleli Burgas, over the'
Maritza and Ard» rivers, so as to cut off
communication with Adrlanople from the
south and delay the troops who are on
their way to the threatened city. Trie
Government believes It has taken meas-/
*ures which will bring about a speedy sot
tlement with the insurgent forces com
manded by Colonel Jankoff. The palace
officials were In constant communication
with the allies at Adrlanople throughout
Monday formulating plans to master the
situation in the vilayet.
The crowds which witnessed last night's
illumination here In honor of the anniver
sary of the accession of the Sultan were
not so large as usual. The police recently
have been exercising great severity • to
ward the Mussulmans suspected of incit
ing trouble in the disturbed vilayets and
have arrested and banished large .num
bers. While the Russian squadron waa in
Inlatba Bay.no less than 142 Mussulmans
were expelled on account of their uncon
cealed hostility to Russia.
Insurgents Endeavor to Delay Troops
of the Sultan.
BRIDGES ARE DESTROYED.
: Uu rst \vh He the steamer was in the
port of Constantinople," -but '.that,
••owing.* to the vessel bjeing.; twenty
;-lrours l$te ; : m .starting from. Varna,
the explosion .occurreci- off - CVHs 1
rpya Bay.' Among ' the missing
arid. Siipposexl to. have' b^eii blown
overboard is. , Herf. -iiendvay, . be
¦Ipng-ing-'to.. the head- office of 'the
stcamsliipccmpariy. : . ' . ¦ . : "
: ¦ ' :^V dispatch. from Vienna, report
ing the ¦destruction of the Vaskapu:
in the- Black Sea, : says' the opinion
is: expressed that the 'Bulgarian^
Continued From Page' I, Column '7;
revolutionaries were . responsible
for the explosions.
Ma,yer Thomas made personal investi
gations and; solicited -aid and advice from
the citizens. The citizens became inter
ested and upon -ascertaining the true con
dition-of affairs became enthusiastic. As
a result a committee was appointed with
W. J. Martin as chairman to formulate
.plans' for a better water supply. This
committee,' Jn conjunction . with Mayor
Thomas an.d the City Trustees, has tor
naulat'cd these plans of relief: To Invite
the Marin County Water Company, which
controls the wa.ter supply of San Rafael,
SanQu'entln and surrounding country, to
•jrun a pipe line to Sausalito, or to ask
the Mill Valley Land and Water Com
pany*, controlling- the supply of Mill Val
ley and the adjacent country to extend its
pipe to the coasti town, or to build their
own water works by bonding the city of
Sausalito, or by securing some new cor
poration to furnish a supply from Lagun
ifas. Creek.. The North Shore Railroad
Company, in fact.* is contemplating Just
this very -thing and piping water to the
coast.' ...
. The question of a. better, supply has
been advocated time arid time again. As
hew Councllmen: would be elected the
matter would be presented to them for
solution.,. bu-t all to no avail. The. present
¦board, however, under the guidance of its
energetic chairman;. Jacques Tho-mas* has
g-one. into ifre. matter thoroughly.
CITIZENS ARE ENTHUSIASTIC.
'.' be realized.. .In fact, plans are on
foot to furnish the t6wn with a far great
er'.quantity- of water than. Us . citizens
could possibly use. ¦• For several years
the supply" in Sausalito has been .entirely
Inadequate.' The Sanaallto Land and Wa
ter ¦ Company,- which owns, the ' water
works, claims it is unable to supply a
larger quantity at the present UmeSind
as a result during 'several: months tn the
rear the supply is wholly insufficient to
meet household requirements and the
handsome domiciles of the hlllltes, b.usi-.
ness blocks and' residences of the towns
people .are wholly unprotected in case of
fire. When there is a fire the volunteer
department is compelled to pump water
from the bay. One whole blpck of busi
ness houses was totally destroyed bj^fire
last year 'because -of lack' of Water,
SAUSALITO. Sept. 2.— After years
of. waiting, it now seems probable
that the wish of Sausalltans for a
¦ more adequate water supply ' will
Count Goluchowski and other Austrian
Ministers have attended the numerous
imperial functions in King Edward's
honor. It transpires- that Prince Ferdi
nand's mother,. Princess Clementine not
Saxe-Coburg, came here from Hungary
on Monday purposely to see King Ed
ward and that the latter's visit to Prince
Phillip of Saxe-Coburg at his palace yes
terday was principally made In order to
meet Princess Clementine. *
It Is rumored here to-night that the
Sultan has received a letter from the
Macedonian Committee "* communicating
their demands and threatening him with
death in the event of his not fulfilling
them. It is rumored from Belgrade that
the headquarters' staff of the insurgents
has issued a new proclamation promising
Bulgarian and Servian intervention.
A special train over the North Shore
Railroad started out from Sausalito at
8:4.5 o'clock this morning en route- to
Lagunitas.- The -following gentlemen
were among those who made" the trip:
Mayor "Thomas, Trustees H. C. Crumpton,
D. T. Hughes and E. H. Shoemaker,
Messrs. W. Z. TifTany, W. J. Martin, J.
M; KHgarif, C. Feutsch, J. P. PryOr, E.
D. Sparrow, G. B. Barrity, J. H. Jones,
J. Hannon, J. Silva, G. H. Harlan,
Charles Forrest, Judge Bellrude, C. H.
Becker, John Ferguson, J. Xunes, F. J.
Hood, F. Garrlssere, F. J. Rohln, J. F.
McGovern, C. E. Parcell and R. P. Greer.
The trip was made in forty-five min
utes. The party alighted and visited the
creek. Measurements were taken, after
which Mayor Thomas made known the
object of the visit as well as the result of
the investigations.
"We must do something," said Mayor*
Thomas, "in order that our citizens may
be supplied with water and so that our
homes will be protected in case of fire.
The present company Is all right, but it
cannot supply us with enough Water." At
the present time we are only getting
about 100,000 gallons per day. We need
250,000 gallons and soon will need 400,000
gallons. The idea is to pipe this water
down to Sausalito. a distance of about
twenty miles, when the North Shore Com
pany finishes its tunnel through White's
hill. The railroad people say the pipe can
be run through that way. If this plan
proves to be a feasible one, it will afford
us a great relief. Gentlemen, the engi
neers say that at the present time nearly
a million gallons of water flow down this
creek In the twenty-four hours. This is
a dry month. In other" months it will be
a much larger amount." :
Other short speeches were made by
Messrs. Kilgarif, Tiffany, Martin .and
Hughes and the party returned home.
Other sites will be visited and proposi
tions considered later.
Lagunitas Creek was the only place
visited to-day, but since the water cor
porations have found out that the Sausa.
litans mean business they too are anx
ious- that their works be investigated 1 .
VISIT IiAGTJNITAS CEEEK. '
The committee and City Councllmen
started out to-day on a tour of investi
gation. Competent engineers accompa
n|ed the party with instruments for mak
ing measurements of the supply in the
creek. >
ENERGETIC MAYOR OF SAUSALITO WHO, WITH A COMMITTEH OF
PROGRESSIVE CITIZENS. IS INVESTIGATING THE WATER SUP
. * PLY; 'AND ENGINEERS MEASURING FLOW OF LAGUNITAS CREEK.
The shooting, ; Dr. Edson declared, was
undoubtedly committed in a moment of
maniacal frenzy.
and Mrs. Pullen were absolutely, false.
His brother, he said, had recently been
acting - very strangely and had admitted
that he' was involved in financial difficul
ties. His . family, . Dr. Edson said, had
become. so alarmed , over his mental con
dition that arrangements had been made
to have him examined by an' alienist.
The examination of Weilbrenner was
held this evening. Dr. George A. Stewart
and Dr. Barnes conducted the examina
tion. Weilbrenner was declared by them
to be insane. He was taken to Mineola.
It. I., on an evening train and placed in
the custory of the county authorities..
Weilbrenner has been practicing with his
revolver recently, but he would give no
reason for his interest in marksmanship,
and to-day said he could not shoot very
well. •
The incident is the first serious occur
rence of the kind during the President's,
summer sojourn at Sagamore' Hill. It
has demonstrated completely, in the opin
ion of- officials here, the wisdom of the
close and systematic guard which Is. main
tained at all times over the President.
He is exposed frequently, it . is true, to
assault, but every care that human agen
cies can devise Is exercised constantly to
insure his personal safety and Immunity
from danger^ Personally he was not per-,
turbed by the Weilbrenner Incident, but,
although the maintenance of the guard
Is often distasteful to him, he thoroughly
realizes the necessity, . in the circum
stances,, of having made as certain as
possible' the personal safety of the Presi
dent of the United States. .-'_.-"
DECLARED INSANJE.
Weilbrenner was arraigned to-day be
fore Justice Franklin on complaint of the
secret service operatives who placed him
under arrest. Weilbrenner's brother, Wil
liam, was present at the examination. Jus
tice Franklin questioned the prisoner
about his movements last night. His re
plies were made in a quiet tone of voice,
but they indicated apparently beyond a
doubt that the -man Is crazy. Asked why
he went to Sagamore Hill, he replied:
"I went to see the President about his
daughter Alice." • *.
"Had you an engagement with the Presr
ident?" ¦' . '->.
"Yes." ~ ¦ " - . :-r'.'V;
"How was that engagement made?"
¦ "I talked with the President last night,"
replied Weilbrenner.
"How did you talk with him?"
"Oh, I Just talked."
"A sort of wireless talk, was it?"
"Yes: that is. it, a wireless talk."
"Why did you want to see the Presi
dent about Miss Alice?"
"I wanted to marry her."
"Did you ever see Miss Roosevelt?"
"Yes; I saw her night before last."
"Where did you see her?" .
"At myhou8e." x \ >¦'.
."Did she go there?" . ¦
: "Yes; she came in a red automobile."
"Who accompanied her?" l v -
"Her brother Theodore." />*">{-';
Justice Franklin, after the examination,"
said he would hold Weilbrenner until
an inquiry of lunacy could be held upon'
his case. ' '. ' .
WEILBRENNER ARRAIGNED.
Weflbrenner was brought to the village
and locked up.' While he talked ration
ally to the officers • last night, it seems
evident from his conversation to-day that
he is demented. He said that He had re
ceived a. telegraphic communication from
the President, bidding him call at Saga
more Hill. Weilbrenner's buggy was ta
ken to a local livery barn. When asked
what had become of the rig, Weilbrenner
replied: - ' ...
"Oh, the President, has taken care of it.
That's all right."
WellbrenneT is regarded by those who
have seen him to be a dangerous lunatic.
At Syosset it is learned that the man Is
the son of a truck farmer and is- one of
three boys. He has two sisters, j The
family is respectable and is held in gen
eral esteem. -
Weilbrenner several years ago had a
nervous attack which rendered him men
tally helpless, for a day or two, but his
family supposed that he had been quite
restored by medical treatment. Since then
he had manifested no symptoms of men
tal aberration.,
Just before 11 o'clock the .man returned
a third time and demanded of the officer
that he be permitted to see the Presi
dent at once. " It was at this moment that
the President appeared and the officer's
quickness alone prevented Weilbrenner
from firing point blanfc at the Chief Ex
ecutive.
see him. As it was long after the hours
when visitors are received, the officer de
clined to permit him to go to the house.
The man insisted, but the officer turned
him away.
Soon afterward Weilbrenner returned
and again insisted that he be allowed to
seo the President, if only for a minute.
This time he was ordered away and
warned not to return. ¦
IXOSEirCJB . POIJCTE FIND '.'¦'¦ [;¦¦¦-
Thieves Fcim an J^socjatloii ioSeni
. Antiquo "Works, of Art : . ' : '
: . '• . '. Abrqiad. ; - ' ' ' . "' - y : ";-
ROME, Sept. The police, at- FjbrWrice
have succeeded -In- flndlnjr- a. yajilabl*
pt;lla Robbia baa relief,' representing' this
descent from the. cross, which, waa.' stolen
last January from, the oratory of the
Brotherhooa of. the> AniLonclatiori' at" Lep;i.
Several persons ha-ve , been arrested. ; Ttiey"
are said to h.aye fprmedaA - assoctatlba 'of
thieve's to send, antiqu's wdrkfli ':0f. : art
abroad. Tho-bas'* relief wheh. found was
already -packed- for shipment: abroad.*' It
13 expected, that other 'precious "-. cSjeicta
which recently : dlsappeared-. will- be" rec<>v
ered. '."'." .-:'.f ' :.?.*• L"> ¦' : -'-- : .
FEARS TOB 'CHSISTlAl3"3.-
T-uxkey" Evades the). IPrtmlse . Stad'e ¦ 'f q'r"
" . . Civilized Airfare; • : : *.
;PARIS K Sept. 2.— The-, ofaelala- of -dhp'
French Foreign- Oflice >xpres3 ¦ consider <-'
' able vneasirfess at the) action of. ti)e T.urfci
4sh ;• Go-C-ernment' ia . -sending 'AJban'l'atii
tro6ps and .militia' lntiS the vljayet; of lyosr
hovo," Macedonia, The-" fact is that while'
the powers, aro insisting -that only '.regular
troop'3'be # employed 'in .supbrfission. pf the
insurrection, Turkey la. making' iyery. efV
fort to evaffa t^ie spJrit of- tie understand.-'
Ing while -followrpg It to the', lctfef, • JLnci '¦
theref dre -usibs -troop's* "wnlph arjs ln^ pealf '
ity -little better . than"- Bashi "BazoUk3< : . 'If.
is feared, that 'this- wifl- result in i-oijt^
.rages first- against .'-the .EulgaijiaBS "and
•subsequently against -the Ch0stlap3, . . . ;-.
Deputy- SherifE Assassinated.
.EL D.ORADC-, ¦¦ Ark.;^ • Sept. 2f.^Dallas
Hunter, a'.'deputy sheriff .-of-thEs. cpunty'i.
was assassinated; to-day About fdur' miles!
west-of'town. while on' the road from ¦his
home to. El Dorado:- rt.'isX believed 'that
the killing, was the resuit.'.of an -old ;f eudt. ; ;
LOS AN'GELES, • Sept.; 2.— Claua Henry-
Koch, .aged '50, an employe' tsf the Pacine. Light
apd Power Compapy. was tkjlled this "afternoejt
by "a-'falllnr pofa which.- Ke : . arid • several ¦ other
men irore trytijs "to raise; ! Kocb'.s' slept! : Vraa
brushed and death'- was Instantaneous-. • • ¦ .' - .-
MimillE PERSON DIE.
.; The ancestry, of iMiss Goelet pn Ibqth !
pl<J« s of her. house is an interesting one. 1
•Hor father,, who. died '<tn his steam yacht.
M-ayfi-pwer' off'Co-ye*. "tr.glaYidv" August 27-,
1R07, 'was tKe younger/of two sons of- the
la.t». Robert Go.elet, and with" his «lder
brother, the late Robert Goelet, inherited
one-half of the immtr.se Goelet fortune.,
.which the ; . brothers largely increased^ Her.
"xnother 'was Miss'. Mary WJlson of i yew'
'York. ; Miss May ppele '-fortune 1?
i^ervatlyeJy. . estimated" -pX from . $20,MIO,06'J
to- $25,000,000.. It Ts practically .all inherited
ft:om her fathfcr. ' ; :: .' •• • '- : •
LONDON*-.. . Sept. 2.— The formal an
nouncement of:- the engagement of the
EKlke of Rpxb^Trghe to Miss .May Goelet
ofjisw York was made by the 'mother of
lh - e young nobleman. Id a communication
sent by -ti-cf to-day to the Provost of
Dtmbkr ' f rom Broxmo.uth Park! the seat
of the Roxburghe -family in" East Lothian,
where the Duchess is .at present resid
ing -with" seme' of. her •children. •
.The -fiance of Miss Goeiet Is head of
<>ne .of . th* most .encicnt and most dis
tinguished Scottish Lowland -clans and the
family .has lield a most prominent pp.si
tToh' in tliat. part of Xorth • Britain for
upward of five centuries. What the
Sutherl*an-ds and Argyles are to the High
lands of Scotland, the Koxbcrghes are to
the, Lowlands, .-and consequently the slep
taken by the mother of the brKJegroom
clect in announcing her son's engagement
to ; ihe -chief official of -the; district, the
'Provost of Dunbar, is 4 step which some T
what, smacks of; regal : procedure, :yet is
Quite in'. order. ia a country where' feudal
traditions ';• and " clannish Instincts still
have so .strong a hold*upon the people. •
. "the .Floors -castle estate :1s ©ne of. the
hnesi.in Scotland. -It -is valuable, so the
Duke is by no -means a" pauper. '' He is
'Very well -liked .in London a.n.d, his. pal
¦la.ii try during the South 'African war was
conspicuous. -He*, bought • s inglehanded
against, several Boere in an .affair of out
posts an.d .'gener'aBy -we-xi golden opinions.
He ; accompanied . Prince, -and. Princess/ of
Wales, *wlien-. • as Duke, and Duchess : of
York. they, made' their tour pf the British
empire.- - - . ' ' '¦>•¦¦.•
' NE-W YORK!.: Sept; 2;-=-Miss May Gpejet,
•who is to beobm& the Duchess of Rox
burghe; is now abqut £5 years -of age and
is a petite brunette possessed .of that "ln
'¦ definable - but' : aJ ways /most attractive "of
ferhinlne ¦ attractions • 'known as . charm;
Tnlth natural : and simple -manners and
with jin unusually vivacious and spark
lfug temperament. Her lntlnfetes of both
"sexes unitfe in deseri-bmi? her character as
sTweet'.'and .' axniable." '. She ! isv the" prnly
daughter 'of tb.e. elder' child 'fctf the .>ate
Oeden Goelet." •/ *'¦ *. ' .' ' Y '. .- ."•
In terror Mrs. Pullen started to run
from the room. She had gone but a few
steps when' four pistol shots rang out
in quick succession. The first bullet tore
Mrs. Pullen's left cheek and the second
entered the right side of her head.
According to Woods, Edson looked at
the woman for a moment and then turned
the muzzle of the revolver to his own
head, firing, two shots almost simulta
neously. Both entered about the middle
of the forehead and he fell, his head
striking and resting on the feet of Mrs.
Pullen's body. i
At the first' shot Dr. Edson and Mrs.
Edson rushed to the door of the dining-"
room, reaching there Just as Edson fired
the shots, that ended his own life. Mrs.
Edson fell to the floor in .a faint.
Coroner Jackson, after making a thor
ough examination of the house, said that
the evidence showed- that the murder and
suicide were . premeditated ; that . he had
found letters and other, papers in Ed
son's possession which showed that he
had had a love .affair.
Mr. Pullen, the husband of the murdered
woman and who is a vestryman of St.*
Michael's Church, made a statement to
night, in which he branded Edson as a de
faulter and forger and said that he had
stolen from the funds of St. Michael's
Church. Ho also declared that Edson had
attempted to- kill. Mrs. Edson, but missed
and killed Mrs. Pullen by error. Puljen's
statement was not borne out by the in
vestigation of Coroner's Physician : Han-
Ion, who found powder marks on the dead
woman's face, showing that the pistol
must have been held very close.' ¦¦¦•.
Dr. Cyrus Edson; a brother of the sui
cide, said to-night that the intimations
of imprqper relations between his brother
FLEES FOB HER LIFE.
Mrs. Edson spent last night with her
friend, Mrs. Pullen. She was about to
go out this morning when a r.ot£ came
from Edson asking that Mrs. Pullen ac
conipany his wife to where he was. Ed
son, his'wife, Mrs. Pullen and Dr. David
O. Edson, a brother of Edson, met in
Edson's home. During the conversation
in the dining-room Edson is said to have
turned to Mrs. Pullen and suggested that
she leave her home with him and go to
some other State, where they could be
happy. Mrs. Edson was horriiled. Mrs.
Pullen turned away in disgust. Dr. Ed
son, after sharply rebuking his brother,
left the room with Mrs. Edson, but both
returned in a few minutes, when Edson
again turned to Mrs. Pullen and began
to- entreat her to elope with him. Mrs.
Pullen wae> horrified at the suggestion
and, possessed with fear of the man,'
rttn from the room. Edson, however,
seemed to recover his self-possession and
all went into the dining-room again. A
very few moments afterward Mrs. Ed
son, who was weak and trembling from
the ordeal, was assisted to another room
by Dr. Edson. A moment later, accord
ing- to Woods, a furniture man working
near by in the hallway, Edson pulled
a revolver from his pocket and pointing
it at Mrs. Pullen shouted: "You must
go with me. If you don't elope with
me I'll see that you go with me any
way." ". 7'-\' : l'~.
Mrs. Pullen lived with" her husband.
John F. Pillion, an auditor at the Grand
Central station, and her two children,
Trafton, 16 years old, and Mary, 14 years
old.
The Edsons were to break up their
home this morning as a result of an
agreement to sign articles of separation
reached the night previous. The life of
the couple had not been happy. Edson
had been acting in a peculiar manner.
For that reason furniture movers were in
the house packing lip furniture and bric
a-brac.
These are believed to be the "personals"
referred to. Dr. Peters of St. Michael's
Church, who knew the dead man well.
Is emphatic in his declarations that none
but the most honorable relations existed
between Edson and Mrs. Pullen. She
was, he said, Edson's "friend and ad
viser."
Fannie— I am loyal and true; cannot go till
I see you; trust John; he will tell you where
I am; with love.
The following, evidently a reply to the
foregoing, appeared this morning:
The following "personal" was published
in a morning newspaper yesterday:
B — Loyal— Nothing in answer to message;
be good to me; worried about you; send word
to-day; Just as true to you as always; with
love. • . . - . •
ANSWERS "PERSONAL."
NEW YORK, Sept 2.— Henry Townsend
Edson, s<5n of former Mayor "of New York
Franklin Edaon, at bis apartments at 292
West Ninety-second street, to-day shot
and Instantly killed Mrs. Fannie Pullen of
373 West End avenue, and then shot and
killed himself. The murder and suicide
appear to ¦ have been premeditated and
followed a dramatic scene. In which Ed
son called upon Mrs. Pullen, a close and
honored friend of his wife and family, to
desert her husband and children and fly
with him to another State. Mrs. Pullen, a
very handsome woman, Is said to have .
been the daughter of a United States i
naval officer.
The double tragedy brought to the Bur
face the fact that Edson, who was comp
troller ot St. Michael's Protestant' Epis
copal Church, had been suspected of mis
appropriating funds "belonging to the
parish, and that expert accountants were
at work on his accounts. It was also de
clared by those related to the family
that Edson was financially distressed on
account of Wall street speculations.
Whatever may "have been the precise '
cause of the tragedy members of the Ed
son family insist that the man was in
sane. There were many indications that
Edson was madly in love with Mrs. Pul
len. On the body of the man was found
the following letter:
Mrs. Pullen — Darling: Trust John implicit
ly. He will always bo a gobetween and faith
ful. I know him thoroughly. He will tell
you where I am waiting for you. to see your
sweet face once more before I go. . I am go
ing far, far away, but will die true to you,
no matter how longr I live. I shall lead a new
life, and an honest one. and If I can ever
come back to you with my past cleaned up,
I will, dearest.' Oh. my God, let me see and
speak to you once more before I go. I can
not go until you do. I hop* and pray that
you put in to-day's (September 1) personal.
Anyway. I answered it in to-morrow's. I hope
you see It. I 'cannot sleep. I can only pray
and pray that you will come to me "once more.
Surely you will, after all y.ou have been' to
me for the past ten years. You do love me,
darling; I know you do. Come to me onco
more, darling, if only to ( say good-by. I
Bball wait here until you come, no matter how
long. John will tell you my hotel name. Aak
clerk for me.
Double Tragedy Ts Followed by Sen~
sat ional Developments and Mem
bers of Family Declare the
Man Was Insane.
Lady's Forttnie Is Estimated at a
I Trifle .Over Twenty JflllitJns
• .". }'. and* the Future Husband ; •
. • . Has an Estate.
' Mother of the Young Noble
man: Llakes the An
'•;..' : : .'..¦-.-. • riouncement. .
Shoots Mrs. Fannie Pullen
. Beoause She Refused
Dr. Cyrus Edson's Broth
er Commits Murder
8/ DCl Q111C1C16.
Scpttish Duke Wins the
-. ¦ •¦¦Rich New York
/ ' ; Girl's Heart
MISS GOELET
TO BE BRIDE
OF ROXBURGHE
KILLS WOMAN
IN PRESENCE
OF HIS WIFE
2
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, THURSDAY, .SEPTEMBER 3, 1903.
Realizing That Present Supply Is Entirely
Inadequate They Take Steps to Secure
a Larger Quantity for Their City's Use
SAUSALITO'S ENERGETIC CITIZENS
MAKESTUDY OF WATER SHORTAGE
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
. -. .- .':,•/ ADVERTISEMENTS. . ' •'• :.-; ;. .,.-.¦•_ < V.-' :*-. ;
Cash tr eatnient
Furniture, carpetjs,^ curtairiis;
.'•¦.'¦ o ':' — .* ¦' ' . "'. \ ' '. " "'" ' .' ." ,.¦ .:' '. •¦•" ''"'.
• : . ' , . ' This is the", proposition : ; You -want to far* ;
nish a hohi-e. You haven't erioagh iready' cash
. ¦ to pay in full when-- the goods' are', delrvered^
aence you're compelled to b.by Von timc! w> .Yet ;
- / ' you dislike trading . in | an « out-an'd--out instalt- }
. : meht .'store: . How are 'you going, to. : get.' the::.
.. j .easy '-'• payment accommodation . aid' stilt", buy'.
. : your goods in, one -of the big first-clas3 stores? '¦;
• :• We "offer you the way. ¦• ' ¦.;.¦'•...".¦.•¦¦.
" \ "• ;. ..We loan you the vm'oriejr, chargrag simply.-
- ¦¦ ' I the regular banking '-rate of - interests-six 'per .
i rent. You go "then 16. one of; the. ; big," first-;.
' claSS . furniture stores; where -.the .Stock. is.:big.
.. * and fresh, and *-wh'cre satisfaction is; tertain ; ;
• •' Land when you have made your Elections pay".
. . * - ; your bill in good; hard .caih. ... .' .- : . '¦ [¦¦
; The in'stallrnent "stores charge, ybtt ten per*
.-. . ¦ cent above their cash prices for timei' All: yaw
pay ui is six per cent. The actual saving to,
you is jFOUR PER CENT.; . : • ; : ,
, . For ' instance : If your purchaseB amount to.
. ..$iqo.oo we will charge you $106.00— which -is a •
:"¦.. six per cent advance ; .then, y.ou pay us $20,00
cash and the balance in; monthly .payments
amounting to.$&66 each moifth. If your pur- .*
' * chases amount to $75.00 we will charge yon
$79.50; you make* us a cash payment on .this
of $15.00 and pay the balance at the easy rate
of $645 per month. • '
Investigate this— it will pay you. ¦ "• • *
-: 9 — ' r-— -r 7TT — " — : — ~~^
Gould, Sullivan Co,
Suite 1403-05 "Call" Building S^l^;
;' ;/ ; DB. PIERCE'S ; BEMEJ)IES t •
• "T6 say a pleasant
to anyone was
almost impossible^"
' "* wifs troubled with fwnalc : •sreakntss ftw
right j-car» ; »nd Kiflfered tnorc than I can tell,"
•write* Mrs. Gust. Moser of Ovando, Deerlodre
Co., Hoat. "My disposition wju affected to such •
an extent that to §ay -—p.^,^
a pleasant word to I >»r-V *ir%^*&pT*t t» J&£ ¦
.enyone was almost
'"nTad'two opera-
. "lions pcrfonscu by MKfiKk^MJfiS9Q0B^K9«8
n-ir'nf t nr rnrt n*fi"rn liit.j^SBSzM^'^Ej^]
purgeons of the West, |§EB5F'$w5J?l\l ' T?SE
but did not grt relief. EE3«s5iHi>s«5fifiSS2»"
Then, airaioat xay WsSBfiB6^A*SH SS 1
doctor-8 *rirt orderi. ffl HSE^S
1 cosninei.ced taking J •
. Dr. *Pierce*« Farorile I *. .^"^T 1^
Prescription and I" •;¦¦.*'¦'."¦•
'Goldra Medical Dis^ }^m*r
lowed' the Ldvice *
•^iven ia the Comznoa if fw^S »w!^B>^
Sense Medical Ad- 3U»^ . -^^fe^^
viser. *. " .' w " .: •¦ *.' .
¦I cotitisaed thi« I . "- * - .
treatment for three .1 '¦</•] V& • ¦•
'moctha, *nd to-day 'I- '*'.. --J^ ;¦¦¦' ¦ .1
xrn'A ss a woman qen • I p^4
be. I cannot thank \ JLisfc^
"Doctor Tit-rce enough \ _\<^t%_ "
for bis kind letters. • \ V^ --: - - -
to at." .-' \ '
Womanly d is- V
eases, as a* rule, \ .
spoil the "difposi- \^ -^aK
•Uon," because of . TlS^Hel
the extreme nerv- fc— i^^JaBSSBBHa
ousaess and suffering they cause. Hap-
piness- as vrell as health* is restored, to
the woman whose diseased condition is
cured by .the use of Pr. Pierce'« Favorite
Prescription. . *
After eight years of suffering and two
fruitless operations, three months' use of
r Favorite Prescription " restored Mrs.
Moser to perfect health. This great
remedy for . -woman's ills, establishes
regularity, dries weakening drains, heals
inflammation and ulceration and cure
female weakness.
The Common Sense Medical Adviser,
1008 large pages, in paper covers, is 6ent
free on receipt of 21 one-cent -stamps to
pay expense of mailing only. Address
Dr. BLV. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y, . - -
: _ 1 _. J7 ..-.-.;.. .*.-.' ADVERTISTTlvrFNTS. -. * "-^' . ' _ ;¦..*..: •* • „
and if you'll bring him your money he'll : • r. .
save it for you, and give you or your §bn ; . ; :..
or your child a suit or an overcoat of the
finest goods— made to wear well and look . ; ;. :; " ';" .';¦; :^' v
well. You have the selection of the .
greatest stock of Fine Clothing from the : : \ ,'•;>: ¦";"'.:"*.;;¦;
, largest exclusive clothing establishment v , .: i/
V/est of Chicago selling at retail. It means \ ¦ ¦
money in your pocket to buy your clothing : ; , % j
here, so don't forget when you want to '¦: • . %
be well dressed, that Brown's in Town. : • ; ; \ ;: :
WHOLESALE Mil iTrM A KI RETAILING '/ \ |l|||i|
clothiersI ilLlllrl lAn DiRcaTQYQUf m ¦ • WmTHIS IS HOW SOME OF THE DELEGATES TO THE 'LABOR CONVENTION APPEARED' DURING THE PRO
GRESS OF PRELIMINARY EVENTS THAT WILL CULMINATE AT THE NEXT SESSION IN THE RENOM
INATION OF EUGENE E. SCHMITZ FOR MAYOR OF SAN FRANCISCO.
HAMILTON. Ohio. Sept. 2.— Judge Bel
den to-day refused a new trial for AJfred
A. Knapp, the self-confessed murderer of
two of his wivfs and three other victims.
The court fixed December 12 for the ex
ecution. Knapp took the decision with
Indifference and made no statement. He
w-iH be taken to Columbus for electrocu-
Knapp to Die on Gallows.
Navy orders— Lieutenant Commander G.
H. Stafford detached from Mare Island
yard to Alert. Lieutenant Commander J.
B. BHsh detached from AJert to naval
hospital, Mare Island, for treatment.
WASHINGTON, D. C.. Sept. 2.-Rural
free delivery will be established at-Cen
tral Point," Jackson County, Ore., Octo
ber 1. V.';. v,;
Of Interest to Pacific Coast.
Dr. Redmond Payne and Dr. Clyde
Payne sent two fine deer to this city
yesterday which they killed in the Butte
Creek district north of Klamath Hot
Springs. They weighed, dressed, 438
pounds. One was a famous deer called
the "Outlaw." He earned this title as
he has escaped persistent pursuit for ten
years. The Klamath Indians r-fused. to
hunt him In recent years, claimlnjj he
had a charmed life.
Sportsmen Secure Two Deer.
Robinson was of a quarrelsome dispo
sition and killed Patrick Mulligan a feW
years ago.
NEVADA, Sept. 2.— John E. Hippert,
the young man who killed Pioneer I. N.
Robinson in Gods' Country last Thursday,
had his preliminary examination at Gran
iteville this afternoon. After all the evi
dence was In Justice Brophy discharged
the defendant. He said that Hippert was
justified in shooting. The testimony
showed that he had acted in self-defense.
Hippert testified that Robinson called
him a vile name and stated that be would
kill him, at the same time reaching for
his hip pocket. Hippert fired, twelve
buckshot taking effect ' in Robinson's
breast. ,
Justice of the Peace Decides That
John E. Hippert Was Justi
fied in Shooting.
SLAYER OF ROBINSON
: ;. IS GIVEN HIS FREEDOM
Warden Tompkins announced to-day
that hereafter only on one day a week
will visitors be allowed to Inspect the
prison. Thursday will be visiting day.
Relatives of prisoners will only be al
lowed to visit them on the first Sunday
of each month. Heretofore visitors could
go through the prison any day, while
relatives could talk to inmates nearly
every day. There are now 1505 convicts on
the roll. ; ' V ,
SAN QUENTIN, Sept. 2.— After one
day's service as captain of the Inside yard
at San Quentin penitentiary, Frank P.
Estudillo has been dismissed. Major
Tompkins, the new Warden, deposed him
to-day. Estudillo was inrormed of his
dismissal yesterday afternoon, but that
fact was not made public until to-day,
when Henry Harrison was appointed to
fill his place.
Harrison was anxious to secure the
wardenship of Folsom prison, but he is
satisfied with his new job. He will make
a most efficient officer and has a good
record as a disciplinarian. He was Sher
iff of Marin County for two terms, and
for the past four years has held the posi
tion of chief engineer at San Quentin.
A new position was created to-day, that
of chief electrician. E. A. Wool of San
Francisco secured the plum. Other
changes and appointments will be made
soon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Frank P. E3tudillo Is
Deposed as Captain
of Inside Yard.
FINDS VERDICT
OF NOT GUILTY
Arrest Ten Contraband
Chinese and Their
Guides.
George McLellan Is Ex
onerated by Red
wood City Jury.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 2.— An important
capture of contraband Chinese was made
last night near Oceanside, ten Chinese
and two Mexican steerers being rounded
up. The Marshal of San Luis Rey Valley
yesterday saw the Chinamen hiding in the
willows in a creek bottom and he later
followed them until he secured the assist
ance of Oceanside officers. The two Mex
ican leaders were taken with the ten Chi
nese and the whole crew was brought
here this afternoon. None of the China
men had papers. One Mexican is named
Lopez and is known in this city, where
he has been a fisherman. He admitted
he was steering the gang and said that he
had been to the boundary to guide the
men to Anaheim for 130. The other Mex
ican says he Joined the crowd at Escon
dido. '
ELDERLY MAN TAKES HIS
OWN LIFE BY INHALING GAS
AMATEUR GOLF CHAMPION
BEATEN IN FIRST ROUND
National Tournament on Nassau
Country Club Links, Long Island,
Proves Rich in Surprises.
GLEN COVE, L. I.. Sept. 2.— Golfers
were treated to a series of surprises to
day in the national amateur golf cham
pionship on the links of the Nassau
Country Club. Most notable were the
dropping out of the tournament In the
first round of Louis N. James, the pres
ent title holder, and Findley S. Douglas,
a former national champion. Both were
defeated with unexpected ease. Bruce D.
Smith .of the Onwentsia Club defeated
Douglas. 'James Is entered from the Glen
view* Club, near Chicago. His game
lacked snap from the start, and he was
beaten by Archibald Graham, the former
New Jersey champion, by four up and
two to play.
The Bostonians received a hard shock
in the defeat of their strongest golfer.
A. G. Lockwood. by L. L. Kellogg Jr of
the Fox Hills Club, Staten Island. The
latter "won by three up and one to play.
Walter Travis, who looms up stronger
than ever as a possible championship
winner for the third" time, had two easy
matches. He first beat, William Rister of
Pittsburg by eight up and seven to play,
and then disposed of Josiah Macy of Mor
ristownj N. J., *y six up and four to play.
CYCLE DEALERS ASSUME
CONTROL OF WHEEL RACING
Adolph , Ammann, Fearing Ar--vut' t i
tion of His Right Footj
Commits Suicide. I
Adolph Ammann, 68 yea»a of ace, who
resided with his wife at 1319 Sacramento
street, was found dead in the kitchen of
his late residence yesterday afternoon
with one end of a tube, which he had at
tached to the gas jet, in his mouth. The
gas was full on and the suicidal Intent of
deceased was apparent. Ammann had
stuffed the keyhole with paper and took
every means to end his life by inhaling
the gas.
Deceased had suffered from gangrene
of the right foot and when. Dr. Prosek
told him that it would be necessary to
amputate the foot 'Ammann became de
spondent and expressed fear ot the oper
ation. .
KALAMAZOO, Mich., Sept. 2.— Arthur
H. Dingley, son of the late Congressman
Nelson 'Dingley of Maine, and one.of the
owners of the Kalamazoo Evening Tele
graph, died in Denver last night, aged 38.
He west -West three years ago in search
of health.
Dingley's Son Dies.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
REDWOOD' CITY, Sept. 2.-The George
McLellan manslaughter case was com
pleted and submitted to. the jury late
this afternoon and after two and a half
hours' deliberation a verdict of "Not
guilty" was returned. The District At
torney thereupon stated to Judge Gesford
that he had no stronger evidence against
Howard McLcKan than was presented
against George McLellan and moved that
the case against Howard be dismissed.
The motion was granted.
The case was dismissed yesterday as to
the defendant, Brismo Martine, the man
who fired the shot that killed the boy
La Palme, in order that he might be
made a witness for the prosecution. Mar
tine then testified that the rifle was given
him by Howard at the direction of
George McLellan and that the latter or
dered him to shoot in the direction ot
four boys on the marsh.
George .McLellan this afternoon took
the stand in his own defense. He denied
absolutely the story as told by Martine
and denied saying a word to Martine
about shooting except that when he saw
a bullet strike in the vicinity of the boys
he ordered him to cease firing. After giv
ing the order Martine firea two more
shots, one of which killed La Palme. In
this George corroborated the testimony
given. by. his brother Howard.
Grace and Mary McLellan, sisters of
George, testified that Martine was the
man who called for the rifle and that the
defendant did not order him to use it.
Several witnesses were called to show the
good character of the defendant.
Will Govern the Riders and Promote
the Sport Independent of
Other Organizations.
Automobile and bicycle races will be
held at San Jose on Admission day un
der the auspices of the Santa Clara Coun
ty Cycle Board of Trade. There will be
six bicycle races In addition to two for
motor cycles and two for automobiles.
Entries close with Charles L. Hill at San
Jose on the 7th lnst. The prizes will all
be valuable.
The San Francisco CycJe Board of
Trade will promote a meet here shortly.
The dealers have determined to assume
the control of cycle racing and the gov
ernment of the riders Independent of
other organizations which have had this
power In the past.
Riflemen Ready for Competition.
SEAGIRT, .N. J.. Sept.. 2.-Sunshine
greeted the opening of the annual meet
ing of the National Rifle Association of
America and gave the members of the
numerous teams an opportunity to engage
in. practice. Firing was also begun in
practically all the Individual matches.
.The first event of interest in team con
tests .will occur to-morrow, when the In
terstate regimental team match, the Co
lumbia trophy match and the New Jersey
National Guard team match will be shot.
Napa Suspect Is Released.
, NAPA, Sept. 2.— George H. "Watkins.
who was arrested yesterday on suspicion
that' he was Ray Fahey, one of the es
caped convicts from Folsom prison, was
released from custody to-day after his
identity had been established.
The Latest From the Heavens.
Professor B. R. Baumgardt, secretary
of the Southern California Academy of
Sciences, will deliver' an illustrated lec
ture to-morrow evening at the Young
Men's Christian Association. Slides will
illustrate In the most graphic manner* the
prodigious advance in celestial astronomy
in. the last decade. The negatives were
taken at the Lick and Yerkes observato
ries by Barnard, Keeler, Ritchie. Com
mon, Roberts. Henry brothers and others.
Tickets may be had upon application free
of expense at the association office. ,
"VALLEJO. Sept. 2. — Congressman Metcalf
will visit Mare Island Thursday and according
to his usual custom he will be pleased to re
ceive information conducive to the good of
Mare Island and Vallejo. •
A Day at the Lake.
A special • excursion train will run to ¦ Lake
Tahoe via Southern Pacific by daylight, Sep
tember ¦ 5, < returning September 7, This gives
all Sunday, at the lake. , Round-trip tickets,
$8 50. : Good returning up to September 10.
Leave San Francisco Saturday, 8 a. m., ar
rive San, Francisco Monday. 7:23 p. m. *
Solano Grand Juror Is- Arrested
. YALLEJO. Sept. 2.— John F. McAuliffe,
fqp forty-five years a resident of Vallejo
and a . member of the present Solano
County GrFand Jury, is under arrest on a
charge of violating a city ordinance. Some
: mor.ths -ago two of McA'uliffe's buildings
at- the fcot of Georgia street Were partly
destroyed by fire and he was denied per
mission to repair them. Work was pr6
,'cee'ded- with nevertheless and" to-day Mc-
AUliffe and the contractor were arrested
fur violating an ordinance^ which provides
that.no 'buil'ding must be- erected, within
thf. r»itv limfts withrnit a Tiormif
GOVERNOR WILL ATTEND. .
THE IRRIGATION CONGRESS
Announces His Intention of A jtend- •
ing the Session to Be Held * -. :
at Ogden. • ¦.,'•. ;•"
SACRAMENTO; Sept. 2.— Governor Par-i •
dee to-day announced his. intention of go-' ¦
ing to Ogden for the purpose of attending .
the National Irrigation Cbns-ress which i*a *
to meet there September la^lS. jT-he Gov
ernor takes a great deal of interest In lr- .
rigation matters and while he is in at
tendance u,pon the- congress will" avail. .
himself of every oportunity to bec6me ••*
well informed upon this important sub
ject. :¦'¦¦' :• • .'¦"•.
Threaten Miners With Blacklist
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 2.— The' Miners;.
Union at Randsburg has Issued a, clrcfi
lar to the union men working In the-Yel
low Aster'.mlne that if they remain there
their names will be placed on tne unfair
list and will be published whfeiever tb«*
jurisdiction of the Western Federation of
Miners extends. Four • members of the
union, have returned, to 'work. •
LOSES HIS JOB
AT SAN QUENTIN
There have been several efforts made to divide this party. There
have been some well meaning individuals who thought that the Union
Labor party represented by this convention was not to be perpetuated
and that probably it would be better to fuse with one of the old parties.
(Cries of No! No!) Our slogan at the last primaries was to the ef
fect that we advocated putting into the field purely a Union Labor
party ticket, having on its list union labor men representing the
Mr. Chalnrjan and Members of the Convention: I did not come
prepared to address you this evening, nor did I expect to be called
upon. I wish to say first of all, and I say it without any flattery
whatsoever, that this body of men assembled here la one of the finest
we have ever had in the history of San Francisco, and a good rep
resentation of what the Union Labor Party should be. (Applause.)
The earnestness and the dispatch with which you have entered
upon and carried out the work this evening shows a desire on your
part to go right through with the go.od work that was commenced two
years ago. And it also augurs well for the future of the Union Labor
party in San Francisco, when union men, representing the different
trades and the districts, come together in a body like this and ex
hibit such a determination of purpose, and I feel sure that to-morrow
morning, when this evening's proceedings are heralded forth, thera
will be no doubt in the minds of anybody that the Union Labor
party is here to stay; that the Union Labor party is here to be reck
oned with; that the Union Labor party will at the next election
prove its supremacy, as it did two years ago. at the polls. (Applause.)
. ed with a tremendous ovation. The hall echoed with the
shouts of his partisans and It was some time before he was
able to speak. When quiet was obtained Mayor Schmitz
spoke as follows: \
THERE was a unanimous request from the delegates that
Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz address the convention. The
Union Labor party's standard bearer at the coming elec
tion arose and as he stepped forward to speak was greet-
OFFICERS MAKE
A BIG CAPTURE
wage-earners of Sap Francisco— representing that large class of which
there are over 40.000 men and realizing: that they should have proper
representation. There have been 'Individuals who thought that this
body which is elected and represented here to-night was not Inter
ested in the perpetuation of that party, but I am glad to see the
chairman and ' the secretary of the old County Committee calling this
convention to order to-nlsht.
Whatever fighting we have had In the past must all be wiped out
now and forgotten. We must be as we always say In our unions, "One
for all and all for one," and not allow any difference" to divide us.
(Applause.) And as a union labor man — as the standard bearer of
the first Union Labor party In San Francisco — I say to-night that I am
proud to see that feeling exhibited. I am proud to see those who
were on the other side, those who were seemingly so much against us
that they could not be brough^over again — voluntarily say, we have
had our fight, we have lost and now we must come together and as
an undivided body go forth and win a great Victory at the coming elec
tion. (Applause.)
Keep up your enthusiasm, gentlemen. Go forward In the same
manner that you have started out, but be sure of one thing, and that
Is, be careful In the selection of your nominees. Be careful to place
men on your ticket who will command the respect of the entire com
munity and who unhesitatingly stand for your principles, otherwise
the Union Labor party will not be successful. Do not be satisfied to
el«ct but two candidates, but -try to elect the entire ticket, because
the great body of tlie pepole are with you. (Great applause.)
I want to thank you for the kind support you have ever given
me. I want to thank you for the kind reception accorded me here this
evening and I want to assure you that as In the past as you will
find me now, ever at my post of duty, ever ready and willing to forget
all differences that huve existed between me and those who have been
my best friends In the past, and with the desire to further the Inter
ests of this party and the det>lre to do something In a practical way
that will encourage and benefit the wage-earners of San Francisco.
(Cheering and applause.)
Principal Properties in the Tono
• pah. T>istrict Are About to
Change Hands.
• T.ONp'PA'H, _ New, Sept. 2.— President
iJrock. of the Tonppah Company is au
thority- for the statement that a mergrer
of Tiearly .all th-e mining companies now
•operating in. this district U about to be ef
ftc'ted. The plain is now nearins consum
rnation. m Philadelphia. The merger is
¦to be known as the- Jim Butler Company.
The consolidation of the Gold Hill. Frac
tion and Tonopah City companies had
V>ec--n .nearly completely when Brock left
•the East. ¦¦ .
The personnel of the new company will
comprise nearly all ;f . the prominent
members- of the Tonopah Mining Com
jiany, tut the management will be sepa
rate-: and each organization will be en
'tirely Independent of the other. Whether
the' Salt Lake Company will go into the
combine is not stated, but negotiations
'yfth -that .end in -clew are pending.
uew .Fining combine'
* ' -IS EEING PERFECTED
Chief Executive of City Creates Enthusiasm by Delivering
a Stirring Speech in Favor of Harmony.
Forty-fifth District — Joseph V. Ducoing, Otis
H. Bowers, Anthony Fernandes. Robert A. Lit
tle, 'Henry Markgraf. James A. McManus. Al
bert Devoto. Louis A. Hildebrand. William F.
p'erguson, Edward T. Kane, Joseph Cohen.
Forty-second District— M. Davis, H. Menke,
George Cooper, W. S. Couchman. Edward J.
Kirwan, Frederick D. Mayer. James McMahon,
Edward Armstrong, Thomas M. Fletcher, Wal
lace D. Fogus.
Forty-third District — Bert La Rue. John XV.
Spencer, Frank H. Manning. Joseph Raymond,
Charles Newman, Joseph Peckham, John J.
Flynn.
Forty-fourth District — Alfred Roncovieri,
John J. Furey, Joseph A. Catania, Paul Dc
martini, E. E. Goldenson, George S. Stafford.
John R. Matheson, Eamuel D. Palmer. Louis
Ferrari.
Forty-first District— Walter J. Holman W
T. Bolton. Mario O. Bollo. Charles Cook, 'wil
11am Struss Jr., A. P. Bollo, James F. Hamil
ton. E. C. Olson.
Thirty-ninth District — W. C Lefflng-well R
Cornelius. E. E. Meyers. Harry A. Knox' r>'
V. Olsen. W. G. Burtoni S. Jacobowltz. J
Dowd.- Robert Kenny.
Fortieth District— Richard F. Hamann,
Joseph S. Gavican, John Fullalove, Joseph
Welhman.
Thirty-seventh District — Daniel Moriarty
Ralph Bennett, William McCarthy, William
O'Brien. James E Donovan. John J. Connolly
George Lang. Alexander Young. Frank Sutton'
Thirty-eighth District — Eugene A Sprague
Joseph W. Bellet, Joseph Rimlinger, C D*
Okerlum. Stephen Gunn, Thomas J Kane'
James Nleol. C. Z. Soffos, O. M. Boyle, Thomas
E. O Connor.
Thirty-fifth District— William M. Moran.
James de Succa, James A. Curran, Frank
Early, Robert F. Abele. John F. Dunn. Percy
Benson. John Rutherford. Albert Windrow
Emil T. Rotermundt.
• Thirty-sixth Dl»trlct — H. Bunkers. A*lbert L.
Shepston. Frank N. Donovan. R. J. Hahn E
J. Deaver, C. A. Lovie. Stephen J. Ryan, Jacob
Mayer, J. A. Donohue, James J. Shepston
William Corbett, John Sweeney, A. T. Peder
son.
" &M :-:--.¦
THERE were very few absentees from
the delegations to the Union Labor
party convention last night. When
the convention was called to- order
the members took their seats and
listened attentively to tb* various mo
tions. ¦ Every delegate wore a Schmitz
button on the lapel of his coat and all
were enthusiastic for their standard
bearer. Following is a list of delegates to
the convention:
Twenty-eighth District— O. O. Vickerson.
Thomas F. Dolan. Vincent Bello. William H,
Stansbury, Frank I. Carney. J. J. Carroll. O.
Jorgensen. Herman A. BrocRownky. Thomas
E. Butler. John P. Nelson Jr.. William J.
Mindham. Gustavo Masnussen.
Twenty-ninth District— Frank A. Markey.
James J. Kennedy, Thomas F. Egan. Timothy
Nyhane. Thomas J. Shea J. B. McDermott.
Valentine D. Reilly. JohnTJ. Smith. William
H. Fay. Peter M. Duffy. Samu-l . G. Wall.
Peter J. Garrity. Robert T. Burke. James
Cademortori, William Brennan, Frank L.
Smith. William II. Phillips.
Thirtieth District^Patrick Tlerney. Charles
F. Weldon. Ernest F. Meyer. William O. Swan
son. George W. White. John H. Wledemann.
Edward McLaughlln. James A. Wilson Walter
Joyce. Patrick Kelly. William J. Taylor.
Thomas Cronan; Morltz Goodman, John F.
Harper. Cbarles L. Amrheftn. Benjamin F.
Stempel.
Thlrty-flm District— Peter T- Sheehan.
Henry Lamcke. J. B. Williams. C. A. Siskron.
Winslow D. Getchell. John H. Campbell, John
F. Kenny. Henry Malone. Frank E. Harman.
F. T. Dunleavy. Philip Muller. William Jen
nings. Patrick J. Spearman, Thomas Reavey,
H. C. Poetz. Robert Lee Sr.
• Thirty-second District— H. J. Powers. J. E.
Gallagher. Rudolph Urbals. Henry Craig,
Edward Drew Jr.. William Corcoran. H. Ras
mussen, J. Duncanson, Walter Hamilton Wil
liam Myers. J. N. Copus. H. J. LefTman. . C.
A. Minert. George Richards, Timothy Lynch.
' Thirty-third District — M. J. Kerrinan. C. J.
Williams. P. S. Johnson, G. L. Autaxne, D
J. O'Brien. J. J. Connolly, C. W. Marlattel
William Gilroy, L. J. Lelser John P. Mauee,
F. A. Prieur, J. H. Mullen.
Thirty-fourth District — L. Strohmeler. C. S.
Andrews. J. M. Burke. F. B. Jaques. Walter A.
Shedd. Peter Wherty, John McKeon. "U. Buck
ley, Michael Dolan, Charles F. Mason, J J
Hunt.
GIVE VOTE OF THANKS.
A vote of thanks was accorded Gus
Harders and George Berger for calling the
convention to order. They were the head
and front of the county committee, which
was bitterly opposed to Mayor Schmitz
before the primary election. Both men
thanked the delegates for their kindly act
and were applauded. This means that the
hatchet has been buried and Schmitz will
receive the. support of both factions of the
Labor party.
A recess was taken in order to give the
various committees an opportunity to or
ganize. Upon reconvening the committees
made their reports. The credentials com
mittee announced that the certified list
of the Registrar was accepted as the roll
cf the convention. The report was
adopted.
The committee on organization reported
progress, as did also the committee on
platform and resolutions. They will meet
to-day and file a complete report to-night.
An adjournment was taken until to
night. - •
Twenty-eighth, William J. Mindham;
Twenty-ninth. Val D. Reilly; Thirtieth,
John F. Harper; Thirty-first, Winslow D.
Getchell; Thirty-second. Timothy Lynch;
Thirty-third. C. W. Marlotte; Thirty
fourth, L. Buckley; Thirty-fifth, James
A. Curran; Thlrty-Eixth, E. J.- Deaver;
Thirty-seventh, Frank Sutton; Thirty
eighth, Stephen Gunn; Thirty-ninth, W.
G. Burton; Fortieth. Richard F. Hamann;
Forty-first, Mario G. Bollo; Forty-second,
H. Menke; Forty-third. John W. Spen
cer; Forty-fourth, John"M t Furey; Forty
lifth, Robert A. Little.
The following delegates were appointed
members of the committee on platform
and resolutions:
Twenty-eighth District, G. G. Vicker
son; Twenty-ninth, Thomas F. Egan;
Thirtieth, George W. White; Thirty-first.
J. B. Williams; Thirty-second, H. J.
Powers: Thirty-third, J. J. Connolly;
Thirty-fourth, John McKeon; Thirty-fifth,
John Rutherford; Thirty-sixth, Harry
Bunkers; Thirty-seventh, George Lang;
Thirty-eighth. Thomas J. Kane; Thirty
ninth, Harry A. Knox; Fortieth, John
Fullalove; Forty-first. Walter J. Hol
man; Forty-second; Edward J. Kirwan;
Forty-third, John W. Spencer; Forty
fourth. Alfred Roncovieri; Forty-fifth, Jo
seph Cohen.
Peter Duffy. Peter Sheehan and J. Hunt
were appointed sergeants at arms.
During the roll call Mayor Schmitz en
tered the hall and was given an ovation.
He was cheered heartily by those in the
hall. The Mayer was delighted with his
reception. He too«. a seat on the plat
form and was an attentive observer.
C. J. Williams was nominated for tem
porary chairman and he was selected
without opposition. T. F. Eagan of the
Twenty-ninth District started out as a
kicker* but did not fare well, as the slated
candidate was elected by acclamation.
Upon taking the gavel Mr. Williams said:
I thank you kindly for the honor you have
conferred upon roe by selecting me to preside
over the deliberations of this convention. It
will be my effort to deal Justly and impartially
with you and I hope that when we progress in
our business — and there may be heated argu
me-ute — you will preserve order. And ¦when 1
rule, if it is harsh, you will consider it is in
the interest of harmony. I hope you will all
asFi«t me as far as you can to bring the con
vention to a successful issue, so that we can
do what we did two years ago — by nominating
a full ticket, by which the people will have
every confidence and re-elect our honorable
Mayor, Eugene K. Schmitz. <Great cheering.)
COMMITTEES APPOINTED.
J. E. McManus, AI Shepton and John
H. "Wiedeman were elected secretaries.
The following committee on credentials,
consisting of one members from each dis
trict, was named:
Twenty-eighth District, Vincent Bello;
Twenty-ninth, James J. Kennedy; Thir
tieth. James A. Wilson; Thirty-first, C.
A. Siskron; Thirty-second. C. A. Minert;
Thirty-third, James P. Nagle; Thirty
fourth, L. Strohmeler; Thirty-fifth, James
de Succa; Thirty-sixth. C. A. Lovie;
Thirty-seventh. John J. Connolly; Thirty
eighth, O. M. Boyle; Thirty-ninth, W. C.
Lefflngwell; Fortieth, Joseph S. Gavl
gan; Forty-first. Charles Cook; Forty
second, 'Wallace D. Fogus; Forty-third.
Frank H. Manning; Forty-fourth, John
R. Matheson; Forty-fifth, Otis H. Bowers.
The committeee on order of business
consists of the following delegates:
Gus Harders. chairman of the County
Committee, called the delegates to order.
He directed Georce Borger, secretary of
the Union Labor party, to read the names
of delegates certified to by the Registrar
of voters. As the names were called oft
each delegate responded to his name.
OPENS CONVENTION.
Schmltt. The storm of applause
¦which h:J3ed the Mayor's Introduction to
tho cCHventJon frightened the followers
of Michael Casey. Undeniably the Mayor
possesses somo rare Qualities of political
leadership. He Is ready and fluent in sup
portlns Democratic nominees for Con
gress, He is affable and brilliant In the
indorsement of Republican principles at
Republican gatherings and he Is quite
eloquent and Impassioned in his addresses
to Union I^ibor party audiences. The
convention which he addressed last night
is corsposed chiefly of active and intelli
gent young rr.ei: who were chosen at the
recent primary election as representatives
of the Ewell-Aubertir.e-.Parry faction of
the Union Labcr party. They dispatched
the routine business of the evening with
celerity. The smoothness of the work
caused the politicians to admire the skill
and sagacity of the chler programmer.
I< is probable that the delegates to-night
will a-dopt a platform of principles and
place Mayor Schmitz at the head of their
municipal ticket.
THE event of the Initial session of the
Union Labor Corivontlon at Turk
street Temple last night «was the
deraosstratlon In support of Mayor
'• Tl'CSOJC. : Arf£_ S<»-pt. 2.---A. Mexican,
• tiari»p *6hct ¦ &z\& iCDifi. C -pussc-r, ri.
I Som-hern PncUla trnlcmar- a* Rwl RocS ,
. . attest rnidjiigfct TaeRifir r.isfct. Tfct» body :
,n£ .f-ne 'unjcrmni=;c ra»a ieH ¦ betro-ee-a tha
• xr>oving car? iM"id "ctls - rDArsgJea beycnJ
¦i^osnltlon.- T"£e> 3IfiJ.ra2 Tbs staaHns a.
r?<Je J^p^ ' *B^55* ! t hai cerr-Tra Tided him to
ppt-offi-jj?t..i5"Tbi? fraia w=ls leartcs Red
•P.ectt'egtt >o-;n(5. Tn rtt-poase .the tramp
; .¦fired tVvq. shots at Bcaer. on« of -trtiJch
•ttiok' efflux.' bet !t !s not Jmo-n-ji -wheUjer
•h?«w^- killed • lastaatiy" or met daath
it-he-; gmjiil to pieces .under the xrheois.
'"^"h"; "train wpjf st-rpr^d as soon as possible
anij the .rern.iiEs were gathered up and
Carried on to Tucio-3. where Bussey' U-rod
V*th his and ©rie .c-UIA.
1 ¦• rh e '\JexIran was sees to run la a west
«rjy direction and several f-hcts were
' fired, after 'him, but tilth no effect. - He
-Sottbied* on his eour-w. however, for. on
• Wefl-petdajf nftoraoon "ae vas captured at
RiKito, which Is «ra.<t of Red Rock, by
,7>p"paty Sh«l--iff Dobson of the latter
town. ' Po-hron . fcsd his man covcrrti b«
,fort ihf tramn knew that' he -eras facing
fen nffic«r- The inyrdcror vns taken back
to Red Rock and by st;ige to Florence.
Tttflito is "only a short distance -west of
Tucson, but it.was feared that the many
rarlroad men here might rause trouble if
the prisoner was placed in the Tucson
jail. ' . . . ¦ '
¦ No inarlf. of* a. gunshot wound can be
found on the man£'<Hl remains of Bus
«=ry"nnd.it.wi"J tx; hard to convict his'mur
<J"r-rer.' ¦ ; . ' .
lite .of a 'traSriman in Arizona Is
.vetA- dar.gerdu? • apd only recently a
: brakeman was compelled to kill in self- <
defense a Mexican tramp who attempted j
•to . use 'a # revolver because he was about.
to-be'ihrov.Ti off a. train on which- he -was
'.stealing a rSd>.
SpcriaJ liS-patch t» "H:* CfcH-
Kenhedy, who came heTe from. Albany
about ntne'months ago, was pastor of .the*
Congregational fliurch for a short time..
He was dismissed- because he' did not de
vote enough time to church work. Lately
he has been engaged as a timber cruiser.
He Is a man of culture. and has a wife-'
and three small children. . •'•''•.
HILLSBORO. Or., Sept. L-kev. R. H.'
Kennedy, fotmgrly pastor of the Congre
gational Church her 1 ?, was' arrested tc-day
and lodged In Jail on 'a charge- of bur- j
glary. Early Monday ¦morning the house
of E. H/ Warren was entered by a'
masked burglar. .who attempted to chloro-
form the family.* Warren; his daughter
and Mrs. Mackihder of St Helena. Cat.."
were" In the houge. ' The ; burglar first en- :
tered Mrs..Macklnder's room -and. trted to
chloroform her. ' She awoke and started
to scream, whicft aroused the others. • On.
entering the room- where the Intruder
stood Miss ¦Warren at rye k a match 'and.
seeing a man wearing .a mask. she. ta'n '.
downstairs for her father! • While she was
downstairs the -robber, lighted the lamp :
and set It on the floor, close to the win
dow, where he had gained -entrance by •
means of a ladder. ; As MI3.9 Warren-and .
her father returned a revolver was. drawn '•
on them and they -were all- ordered to %
stand In line and. deliver their valuables ' *'
and money. Mrs. Mackrader delivered
her purse, containing" $7. together with* a
gold watch valued at. $150. « The women "
closely observed- the Intruder, -Miss Wkr-_
ren everr going so far as to' grab his mask"
and partially remove It.: He remained, for.'
nearly half a'n hour and then left the •
house through .the window" by .which • he- •
had entered. The burglar' djd not attempt; .
to disguise his dress', simpfy wearing a
mask over his face. Miss Warren claims .
that she recognized the minister, both, by
his voice and h!» clothing; ¦-• J - ?*""
Nominations Will Be
"I™ ' ' ". A TL 1 "^'
pr^irnpn I niQ *
1 1 aiiiuu 1 1 1 lo
Evening.
Business Is Handled
With Great
Dispatch. .
¦Murderer Is Captured and Is
. .. • Placed in the Jail at
• • • Florence.-
Women Say He Entered -Their
Home and Robbed Them
.-. of Valuables. •••¦•'¦
Hillsboro .Police Arrest ¦
• Him ou .a Charge of :
Burglary.
Uses a, Revolver When
• /Ordered to Get Off
. . Moving- Car.
Committees to Make
Final Reports
To-Night.
Programme Carried
Out Without
a Hitch.
FORMER PASTOR
GOES TO PRISON
MEXICAN TRAMP
KILLS TRAINMAN
DELEGATES TO THE UNION LABOR PARTY CONVENTION MEET AND CHEER
FOR MAYOR SCHMITZ, THEIR STANDARD BEARER AT COMING ELECTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1903.'
3
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24. V ,:"
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
B, KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Adjoiainsr Call Boildia-r. *. '
WHITE OXFORD TIES
ADMISSION or LABOR DAY-
"Will you parade on Labor Day? ¦
Or. are you- goings to San Jose on
the 9th of September? Well, If you
are you require Oxford Ties, It is-
very warm In the' country,, and a
light, cool Oxford Is just the tMng
to wear. ; We are making a spe-
cial drive of Ladies' W v hite. Drab*
or Black Canvas Oxford Ties, with
French or medium leather heels.
Sizes all bunched togethec. Will
Be Sold at 31.00 * Pair. Regular
price. Jl. 50 and $1.75. Sizes. 2*ft •
to'ij.. Widths. AA to E.
S< 'V' ¦ ** - sS^aritS^k ~^m<U 1
THE KATSCHINSKI
CARMEN'S UNION SHOE
We have Just' placed a new shoe
on sale which «-e call The Car-
men's Union Shoe, but it is well"
adapted for letter-carriers.' police-
men, collectors and men who are
compelled to ' walk a great deal.
It is made of the best calfskin and
is unlined. It has heavy, double,
hand-welted soles, with extension
edges, and can be bought either
with a London toe and tip or with'
plain broad toes. To make the
shoe easy on the feet we have -
had a cork filling placed within
the Inner and outer soles. This
not only forms a cushion for the
foot, but excludes the dampness
and makes the «noe waterproof.
Every pair ITnion Stamped. Tli«
price only $3.00.
This store will be closed on La-
bor Day. Will reopen Tuesday
morning" and close at 10 p. m.
• We don't guarantee to fill coun- •
try orders on sale shoes.
B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THZBS ST., Ban Traaalseok
Weakened My Heart
•And Nerves.
QuicKly and Com-
¦'.. pletely Cured by
Dr. .Miles* Heart Cure
-.arid Nervine.
If, aiie/ an attack of LaGrippe, roar
Strength does "not return, you cannot sleep,
• or rest or eat; if yoahave frequent headaches,
• if your.heartfi.vitters.biood is thin, your cir-
cciatfo'a poor r yoy are .in more danger than
when stricken with fev-r and m the deadly
jjrasp of £~«P .itself. The after effects of La-
Grippe -are terrible. ' To . jjuard against its
•dinners, strengthen the heart with Dr. Miles'
Heart Ca.-e which, by can ling the blood
and improving its circulation,' wiil cure any
affection of -the heart and. -strengthen it
against farther attacks. Tone up the system
zni revitali/e the nerves with Dr. Miles'
Nervine. When your nerves are in proper
condition, you need never fear the attacks of
LaGrippe or its terrible after effects. .
: "from xar personal experience with Dr.
Miles' Remedies I always take pleasure in
recommending them to my customers. Six
years ago 1 suffered from a severe attack of
LaGrippe which left me with a weakened
.heart and nervous system. I was weak, run
down, frightened at my condition and miser-
able. I used two bottles each of D». Miles'
Restorative Nervine 'and New Heart Cure
.and I .was quickly and completely cured^
.furthermore 1 have never had a return of the
trouble. I ani selling vast quantities of your ;
medicine, especially the Anti-Pain Fills.
Every customer is thoroughly satisfied with
the results."— Eccexe Marsii, Druggist, Ft
'Sect, Kansas! BfeST
• All dr ac-gists sell and j-fuarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Miles' Remedies. Send for free book
oh Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Dr. Miles Medici Co. Elkhart, Ini.
Pepper is so common in gin-
ger, you . may not know the
taste of pure ginger. The same
is even more true of pepper-
mint.
Schilling's Best everything :The Chutes Is doing the usual tig buel-
"Quo Vass Iss" and "The Big Little
Princess" have only a few more nights to
run at Fischer's Theater, where next
Monday evening will be presented the
burlesques: "The Con-querers" and "The
Glad Hand."-
There has been a change made In the
arrangement of play for next week at the
Columbia Theater and it is now announc
ed that Henry Miller and Margaret Ang
lin will 4evote the fourth week of their
season to a repertoire including "The
Devil's Disciple" and "The Taming of
Helen."
The Pollard Juvenile Opera Company Is
doing excellent business at the 'Grand
Opera-house in "The Belle of New York,"
of which there are but three more nights
and two matinees, Saturday and Sunday.
The opera company will present "The
Gaiety Girl" and will give extra mati
nees Labor and Adimlssion days.
"Mrs. Dane's Defense" is going well at
the California this week in the hands of
the clever ICelll-Morosco company. The
play is one of the most popular bills this
remarkable organization has yet offered.
This afternoon a special performance of
"East Lynne". will be given, to be repeat
ed at the Saturday matinee. ' .
At the Central Theater excellent busi
ness is being done with Augustin Daly's
spectacular drama, "The Great Ruby,"
and crowded houses will be the rule to
the end of the week".
In the prevailing commercialism of the
modern stage it is gratifying to see a
player devoting time and thought to a
production that appeals to culture and
intellect as does D'Annunzio's poetic
drama, and there Is no doubt that Miss
Roberts' enterprise will meet with ample
encouragement and support.
in this city is an event of unusual.In
terest. The scene of the play Is In the
artistic environment of the sculptor's stu
dio In modern Italy, and no pains are
being spared by Miss Roberts to give color
and atmosphere to the stage settings.
Robert I. Altken, the young California
sculptor, has been freely consulted and
with the aid of his drawings and models
an exceptionally realistic and artistic ar
rangement of furnishings and decorations
has been secured.
GIFTED EMOTIONAL. ACTRESS. WHOSE /'POPULARITT WITH LOCAL
AUDIENCES GAINS W r ITH EACH APPEARANCE, AND GRAND
OPERA SINGER WHOSE VOICE IS OF THE PUREST QUALITY.
ft f 'I *\O Eleonora Dsse of the beau
; © (b • Jl' tiful hands" is" D'AnnUnzio'a
- ' -Ir de<llcation "°* his marvelous
. .: ¦•' • poetic ' drama. ''Gioconda,"
¦whjch Miss Florence R-oberta
Is to introdyce.to Ba'n- Francisco at a spe
cial matinee at the Alcazar. Thursday, Sep
tember. 10' Tne play Is hot exactly, writ
ten about those '.'beautiful, hands." but
• they ¦ form arr Important element lar the
'startling 'dramatic situation •which- fur
nishes the climax of. the plot." Many a
p]ay; has been constructed on themes
more slight and less -interesting, for ndth- |
ing is more eloquent and fascinating than
the gestures of an expressive hand. It
is- not knb-wn ¦whether" this fact fhfluenced
Miss RiDberts' choice of the. play, but cer
tain It Is that she, too, is gifted wjth a
true '"artist's hand," .delicate, jet strong
and well proportioned. The play .was a
leading feature of-Mrae. Duse's Eastern
tour last year and Its first presentation
NAVY YABD ESTIMATES
SUBMITTED TO CHIEF
Important Items, Amounting to
$1,039,300 for Mare Island Im
provements, Are Included.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 2.— Estimates fpr
improvements and expenditures at the
navy yards named have been submitted
to the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, the figures having been prepared
by the civil engineers attached to the
yards. The total for Boston is $1,060,900;
for Portsmouth, N. H., $3,560,000; for Nor
folk. $2,518,000; for Washington, D. C, $2,
316,196; for League Island, Pa., $3,794,347;
for San Juan, P. R.. $2,617,180, and for
Mare Island, Cal., $1,039,300.
The Mare Island estimates Include the
following Items: ' ,.
Improving channel . in Mare Island
strait, $150,000; wharf at dry dock, $100,000;
additional steam engineering building,
$150,000; new anchor and chain shed, $155,
000.
INTEKNATIONAL UNION
HAS NOT GIVEN SANCTION
Telephone Linemen's Strike Is With
out the Authority of the Gov
erning Body.
SAN JOSE, Sept.' 2.— The telephone line
men's strike now on along the Pacific
Coast has not the sanction of the Inter
national Union of Electric Workers.
Word to this effect was received to-day
by Secretary Magulre of the San Jose
union. The local union had appealed to
the International for power to settle the
differences in their district -v..thout_con
ferring with the "Western conference.
Officials of the international union state
they have never received official notice
of the strike, have never been consulted
in reference to the strike and haVe not
sanctioned it. It is also stated that the
International does not recognize the West
ern conference, which ordered the strike.
¦ The local union is told that the linemen
must settle the strike among themselves,
and the San Joseans are told that as far
as the local union returning to work, In
doing so it is not jeopardizing itself with
'the international. ¦ •
• This decision, it Is thought, will have
some bearing with the district unions.
The San Jose union went out in the strike
six weeks ago, but nearly three weeks
ago the men returned/to wcrk. Monday
last they again walked out pending in
structions from the international union.
Just what action the San Jose union will
now take is not known, but it is believed
that the men will again return to work.
wild animals of exceeding rarity and
.value are in this collection. There is
also a herd of forty elephants, more than
half In all the United States.
The big circus will be here eight days,
commencing Monday next. There will be
two performances dally at 2 and 3
o'clock. Tickets may be, bought during
the stay of the circus at the down-town
ticket office of Ringllng Brothers at Sher
man & Clay's, Kearny and Sutter streets,
at exactly the same prices charged In the
wagon on the show grounds.
Disputes the Charge of Insanity.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 2.— The hearing set
for to-day to determine the question of
sanity of Dr. G. E. Cowell was postponed
until to-morro^' morning at the request
of Dr. Cowell, who desired time to se
cure witnesses to testify in his* behalf. His
wife to-day filed a petition to be appoint
ed guardian of the estate, stating that it
consists in part of property in Colorado,
valued at $12,000, and other holdings at
Joliet, 111., at $10,000.. Hearing on the pe
tition was set for next Thursday.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Sept. ?.— The Post .
to-morrow -will say: Another mercer pt I
underlying companies of the "United Siate» *
Steel Corporation. Is to take plate Jn a '
short time, following- the declsloa to build .
the great tube plant at Loraln. Ohi6.--Tfi.ia i
will be the taking over of the. present..
Loraln Steel Works, which were former.
ly an adjunct of- the Federal Steel Com-.
pany. and making It a part and,payee}
of the National Tube Company. The L«~.
rain Steel Works manufacture ¦t«J.raK»
and have two" blast furnaces 1 n oper atlos
each with a capacity, of about wO tonS ;
the building o : f the- tube plant :jii
Loraln the National Tube .Company wtti
have a capacity of tubes and plpei i . oT
a thousand tons a. day. and this Is .Just
50 per cent less than, will be the- daily,
tonnage of the new McKeesport works.or
the same company when It Is compietea..
DENVER, Sept. 2.— There seems to
night to be a likelihood of 'the. State
troops being ordered to Cripple Creek to
night or to-morrow. . /. '
No definite statement from an official
source has been given- out to that effect,
but It lft known that numbers of mili
tiamen have gathered at the armory In
this city, and Governor Peabody, Adju
tant General Sherman Bell, Attorney
'General Miller and Judge Maxwell of the
Colorado Court of Appeals have been In
conference for several hours.
General Bell stated this evening that
a committee of. mine owners and busi
ness men would arrive to-night from the
Cripple Creek district to confer with the
State officials regarding the calling out
of the troops, but up to 11 o'clock they
had not put in an appearance.
Sheriff Robertson of Teller County has
not asked for troops, but It Is under
stood that an appeal for protection has
been made to the Governor by business
men of the district, and the Attorney
General . holds that this is sufficient to
warrant the Governor in acting.
DOVER, England. Sept. 2.— Montague
Holbein, the English swimmer, who left
the South Foreland yesterday evening In
an attempt to swim the channel, has
failed again. He left the water eight
miles from Calais,' France, after swim
ming fifteen hours and twenty minutes.
He was within four miles of the French
coast at 8 o'clock this morning, when the
tide turned and gradually swept the
swimmer toward Dover, hence the aban
donment of his attempt.
Tide Frustrates Effort to Cross the
Channel From. Dover to
Calais.
ENGIJSH SWIMMER FAILS
IN HIS THIBD ATTEMPT
STJBOICAIi OPEBATIOH
FAILS TO SAVE HIS LITB
Frank Cadoza Dies in Stockton Hos
pital From Injuries Becelved ' ¦
During a QnarreL "
STOCKTON,' Sept. ?.— Frank Cadozi* . ;
who was badly beaten by 'two men leveral.
days ago-, died this morning at Bt. Jo-,
seph's Home, where he had been operated ¦
upon In the hope of saving his life. Haxi<*
Sanchez surrendered to the .aathprltlea. •
Monday, declaring that he had-Btnick Ca-:
doza in self-defense and after th« latt?*- :
had stabbed him twice in the neck. ' San
chez still carries the. wounds. He Is .tt»
Jail and will be charged with murder.
Cadoza was badJy beaten on the head,
but the Injury which zcaused hi* death
was due to his head striking against an
iron manhole after he had been knocked •
down. Sanchez refuses to give .the nam.o
of his companion In the row.
"If an attack is made upon me you will
see me in at the finish and the assailant
is more than likely to be stretched out
at full length awaiting the attention of
the undertaker."
"Still, as I say. there Js no telling what
some fool may do, so I have taken pre
cautions to place myself on. equal terms
with them in case one of them, breaks
loose. I have never tried to detect who
the persons are who are directing these
letters to me, but I think I know some of
them. However, It is but natural to be
lieve that at least a part of them were
indited by some people who are revenge
fully disposed toward me because of my
labor views.
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 2.-When asked
to-night as to the rumor that he was
receiving threatening letters warning him
to cease his attacks on organized labor.
President D. M. Parry of the National
Manufacturers' Association said:*
"All I have to say is that the man or
men who enter my premises to abduct
any of my children will . leave the place
dead, for that Is the order given the men
at my home. I get letters almost dally,
which make some sort of threat against
me, but I pay no attention to them and
ordinarily I throw them into the waste
basket as soon as I read them. The men
who 'write them are cowards and a
coward is not a consideration with me.
¦\ -¦•.• ,
KANSAS CITY, Sept 2.— The | Western
cattlemen who propose to build a pack
ing-house , of their own held a meeting
here to-day and agreed upon artlclaB of
Incorporation for a packing company.
The, articles will be filed In Arizona, be
cause the lawyers say they can get great
er privileges there than - elsewhere.
As explained by C. E. Martin, secretary
of the National Livestock Association,
the purpose is not so much to fight the
packing-houses now In existence as to
establish competition and make the pack
ers pay a reasonable price for cattle.
"We want enough for our beef to en
courage farmers to continue In the busi
ness," Mr. Martin explained to-day.
When the new company i3 formed there
will be a sort of voting trust organized
to handle a controlling portion of the
stock. The intention is to have 51 per
cent placed In the hands of trustees and
trustees' certificates issued instead^ of
stock certificates. The cattlemen say
they can raise the money to buy tire
stock among themselves, although it will
be put upon the market and any one may
buy. The voting trust Is to keep the
property out of the hands of the big
packers. The talk to-day is that about
$500,000 stock will be issued at first to
build the plant on the Missouri River.
Later, if this plant shall succeed, another
will be built, probably at Fort Worth,
and more stock sold. The stockmen think
that some day the Oriental trade and the
growth of the livestock industry near the
Pacific Coast will Justify them building a
third packing-house somewhere In Cali
fornia. .
Ranchmen and feeders who are expect
ed to be named among the incorporators
are E. S. Gosney of Arizona, H. A. Jas
tro of California, Frank Benton of Colo
rado, R. R. Selway of Wyoming, J. L.
Smith- of Utah, F. J. Hagenbarth of
Idaho, and directors from Missouri, Ivan
sas and Texas, who are yet to be select
ed. G. W. Gllck of Atchison," former
Governor of Kansas, will probably be in-
Vlted to represent the Kansas interests.
Direct from Its triumph at the Univer
sity of California the morality play,
"Everyman," was presented yesterday
afternoon and evening at Lyric Hall, this
city, before people whom It Interested and
impressed. The strangeness of the ; cen
turies old play, the strength of the un
named actors, the profound atmosphere,
the pathos of the lines and the reverent
action were awe inspiring. In the audi
ence were men and women representative
of the professions and society, and the
very sternness of the work had Its in
fluence on them, for throughout there
The success of the symphony concerts
Is so great that the management thought
It advisable to arrange two popular con
certs which are to take place on Mon
day afternoon, September 7 (Labor day)
and Wednesday afternoon, September 9
(Admission day). Two excellent pro
grammes have been prepared for these
occasions, particular care being taken to
please popular taste and yet retain the
best In music. The prices are within the
reach of all and there is no excuse for
any one to miss listening: to a master like
Scheel Interpret good music.
The seats are now on sale at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s. The next regular sym
phony concert will take place at the
Grand Opera-house next Tuesday after
noon. Seats for this event can also be
Is not oxygen that gives life to the blood,
had now.
• • • •
Grand opera at the Tlvoli Opera-house
has won the approval of the lovers of the
music, of the masters, and the stars .of the
lyric stage who have been presented
thus far have gained entire approval. To
night "Lucia dl Lammermoor" will be
repeated.
* • •
The Orpheum programme continues to
be a powerful drawing magnet and all
the act* are hugely enjoyed. Next Sun
day Frederick Bond and company, the
Rio brothers and other new acts will bid
for favor.
• • •
ness and the programme In the Chutes
Theater la proving & most popular auc
cesa. Amateurs will appear after the
usual performance to-night.
Head of Manufacturers 1 Asso
ciation Not Afraid of
Enemies.
Guardsmen Secretly Gather
. at the Armory in
; Denver.
California Establishment Is
a Possibility of the
SilllP Future.
Great Plant Will Attach, to
the National Tube
Company.
This Is the Play Dedicated to Eleonora Duse "of the Beau
tiful Hands," /and Florence Roberts Will Introduce It
'• Here— Interesting Bills at the Other City Theaters
Plan to Build a Plant
on the Missouri
River.
Cripple Creek Mining
Troubles May Re
x quire Soldiery.
President Parry Says In
truders at His Home
Will Die.
Steel Corporation Will;
Take Over Lorain.
Worka • .
CATTLEMEN MAY
BECOME PACKERS
WARNS THE MEN
WHO THREATEN
TRUST PLANNING
A NEW MERGER
"GIOCONDA," A PICTURESQUE DRAMA,
WILL SOON BE SEEN AT THE ALCAZAR
STATE TROOPS
AWAIT A CALL
THE SAN - FEANCISOO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3; 1903.
Ringllng Brothers offer a novelty this
year In a dramatic spectacle called "Je
rusalem and' the Crusades." ' They have
dipped Into theatrical formulas to make
this production different from all others
shown under circus canvas and to make
It the more telling. For Instance, the
equipments of a theater stage, such as
scenic drops, set property pieces, border
lights, calciums and other effects of the
atric use, have been adopted. This Is
new. The pageant and the ballet have
been seen before, but this Is the first
time an effort has been made to tell a
dramatic story with the scenic surround
ings of a theater. There are 1200 charac
ters In this spectacle, Including 200 chor
isters and 200 dancing girls. Two thou
sand costumes of costly texture and his
toric accuracy are employed. Altogether
It has been brilliantly effective as a de
parture from circus conventions and Is a
pleasing prelude to the unfolding of the
circus programme proper.
There are no mediocre numbers in the
ring performances. The list includes
about 300 acts. Many of, the artists ap
pear here for the first time. Among
these are the Dollard troupe, the Fortune
Brothers, the Rlos, the Alvo trio and the
St. Leans. Foremost In the acrobatic list
Is a distinguished family of eleven and
Genero and Theol. Among the gymnasts
are the Potter family, the Flying Fishers,
Tybell Bisters, "Upside Down" Smith and
the Leon Sisters. Dolly Julian, May
Davenport, Madam Royal, Ida Meiaco,
Daisy Leon, Mike Rooney, Reno McCreo,
John Rooney, the- Hobsons, Albert Cran
dall and Rhoda Royal are prominent In
the great number of experts appearing in
one of the most fascinating acts ever of
fered in the circus ring. Pearl Souder's
performing elephants and Captain Webb's
educated seals -illustrate animal' Intelli
gence to a wonderful degree.
The menagerie with Ringllng Brothers'
show Is the best in the country.* It In
cludes a baby elephant born three
months ago and now in splendid spirits
and health. This Is the first baby ele
phant successfully reared in captivity and
Is a remarkable attraction. A baby
camel, baby kangaroos, lion and leopard
cubs, two giratrest a rhinoceros! and ojtoer
"Jerusalem and the Crusades" Will
Furnish Interesting ) Feature.
KINDLINGS' CIRCUS NOVELTY.
was a stillness In the hall that of Itself
was strange. If not w«lrd.
4
Next Sunday Call's Art Supplement.
...
Here is the majesty of power, the very sublimity of personal grandeur,- • . - ' •
the physical dominance, the keen, eternal watchfulness, the calm superiority of : . s -' ; . :
, the jungle. In the original this picture is such a masterpiece of color that it . •• • '/¦¦¦
is a shame, a positive impertinence, to attempt to reproduce it by any other ." . . *i
process but the original. As an art creation it is world famous, not merely . ' •¦•.'. '
because the animals are drawn with such wonderful fidelity to life, but be- . : ;
cause of that other and far more difficult art — the art of reproducing the ' • . ;
tawny hue of the "King of Beasts" in all its rich splendor.
Go to any zoo where a lion is to be seen and study him for yourself. Try
then to imagine yourself making a picture of him without losing any of that • : " \ '.
latent force that creeps in every muscle beneath that smooth, glossy hide, and '. • " .
you will understand what not only the artist who painted this picture, has .'-... • - '.'
done, but what the lithographer who reproduced this especially for the Sunday • ' • ... .'
Call's picture supplements has done ever so much better, and that is to show . • . ' ' - •
"Leo and Leonora" in allMhose rare, yellow, pale brown and tan tints which ' . '.
nature has so cunningly blended into the most perfect skin worn by any beast .
But it is not alone in the coloring that this picture is so attractive. It is
indeed more for the' sentiment that pervades it that the painting has become ' ' ;
so famous. There is a message for lovers. While his mate sleeps, he keeps - : ; . ; '¦. ¦¦
guard that her slumbers may be undisturbed. And "Leonora," secure in the .- : •
strength, the eternal mastery of "Leo's" protection, slumbers in the peace of . *•"".
perfect security. Just look at those eyes. Therein is the light of menace : : ." .
against which who would dare intrude? :;'V" . . •.¦'•:
But as has been said before, this reproduction in half-tone gives, abso^ ." . *
» lutely no idea what the colored copies are like. Suitably framed, and this "* : Ty
picture cannot be outdone. Watch for it. You get it free with the next Sun- • ...-¦../;
i!ty Ca " WITH MEXT SUNDAY CALL- ¦ . :.
1 I Frames for "Leo and Leonora" Supplement, I :K
"Leo and Leonora," framed closely with four-inch fe-» ; '•
Dutch Oak Shadow Box. Glass to go over lining (size ' .. -.'
iixi6 inches), will make a handsome picture. " \ * • •
TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL TBEiGALL
Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Prjce 5 Cents.
THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS
7 The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: __^_
SACRAMENTO-Hevener, Mler & street; Gage's art store, 609 Eaat Mala SAN DIEGO-W. P. Fuller & Co., 71 •
Co. m J BtreetTc. N. Davis, book street; Weber*, art store. 425 East P Etreet.
Ktnrn 817 k street. " • Main Btreet- ' FRESNO— Sronce & Dick.
TkTaLu^-H: 8. Gutermute. J. MAKYSVII^-O. W- HalL REDDING-W. H. Bergh. -B«r|»
M. Wyckoff. • OAKLAND— E. J. Saake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company": "fl J. Houston.
. SAN JOSE— George Denne, M. Len- giaph avenue; A. A. Barlow, 389 Houston Furniture Company. '. -.
ten & Son^ — •, Twelft , h .J?£? et % ¦„ „ REDWOOD CITY-W. I* Oaa.
: STOCKTON-Morrla ' ¦ ¦¦ Bros.' book ALAMEDA-C. P. Ma&agnoa. 1338 SANTA CRUZ-H. E. . Irish, Cook*
•tore.- SO North- El Dorado street: Park ¦treet. Bros.. F. R. Hew. Georee Hoban.
6tockton Racket store.TU East Main CHICO-Fettera &. Williams. JACKSON-E, G. Freeman Co.
• ' - AJD VEBTTSEMENTS.
CANCER CURED!
"I wu cured by the Elettro-Chemlc treat-
ment of c*l;eer of the brtast without a surgk-d!
cnemtlon. The treatnier.t was absolutely paln-
•let* and lntt^ad of • It making -me weaker I
ra'.n^3 ten pounds in wei?ht and gained In
etremrtn In every way during my treatment."
MRS. 'WILLI Ail BARNES. Blacks. Cal.
MRS. FREDERICK GOCHIA.
._" .- 421 X. St., S*n Francisco.
% "My ctomach, liver and bowels were In a bad
condition. My food did me no good; my blood
was weak and my nervous eyEtezn was a wreck.
Medical treatment teemed to make me worse,
but In a few weeks the Electro-Chemlc treat-
ment has worked wonders in my case. My dl-
eeslion la good, rr.y stomach, liver and bowels
axe normal, my blood circulates freely and zny
nerves are etroniFer than in yeans."
MRS. FREDERICK. GOCHIA,
421 L. fit.. Ban Francisco.
CONSULTATION TTk I" B~
amd r Icr r
X-RAY EXAMINATION ¦ UUSLBL
Specialties — Consumption, Catarrh.
Bronchitis, Asthma, Cancers, Tumors,
Des.!ne»8, Head and Sar Noises, Kheu-
m&tlsm, Paralysis, ITenralgla, Piles,
Disease* ef the Stomach, Liver, Kid-
nays and Bowels, Special Diseases of
*JKea and 'Women. All dtxonic Diseases.
ELECIRO-CflEMIC INSTITUTE,
118 GSAVT ATE. Cor. Post St.,
¦ ' sas rsAircxsco.
Office Eovn — 9 «s_ m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 6 p.
m. dally; Busdaya. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m,
tt£u*,ie Aparttaccts for Lisiles a&d-GtsUcmes, ,
ADVERTISEMENTS,
A Miser
must he be who doesn't keep his linen
immaculate when we charge so little for
our work, though the work itself is. first-
class in every respect. , Write us. Call or
telephone and we'll send .for your wash-
ables and deliver them when done. Bear
the name and number in mind—
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OI-I-ICE 1OO4 MAEKEX STBEET,HAWAH'S COMMISSIONER TO
THE LOUISIANA PURCHASE
EXPOSITION.
PORTLAND, Sept. 2.— Mrs. D. D. Mc-
Callum of this city, who was at the resi
dence of Martin L. Bowers in San Fran-
Tells of Visits to Bowers Home When
Lervey Was Present.
MBS. McCAIXUTtt'S EVIDENCE.
chase Exposition. Macfarlane
has been a member of the SL Louis Ex
position Committee, which was appointed
by the Governor more than a year ago, at
the time that Commissioner John Bar
rett was here. He was chairman of the
Fire Claims Committee, which only a few
days ago adjourned sine die, and is a
member of the well known Macfarlane
family of Honolulu.
Morgan are engaged in analyzing sam
ples of the medicine prescribed by Dr.
McLaughlin for Martin Bowers to see If
there is any arsenic in them.
Detectives Taylor and Coleman are still
at work on the drug stores ,'n an endeavor
to ascertain where Mrs. Bowers or Mrs.
Sutton purchased arsenic before that se
cured from J. C. Peterson. Detective
Ryan was busy all day subpoenaing wit
nesses for the Coroner's inquest. Neigh
bors and friends of the suspects are being
thoroughly questioned and link by link a
strong chain of evidence is being formed:
District Attorney Byington is engaged
in the preparation of a formal complaint.
He will not file the document until after
the inquest. Chief of Police Wittman is
confident that he has enough evidence at
hand to secure a conviction.
HONOLULU, Sept 2.— Governor
Dole has appointed Fred W.
Macfarlane as Hawaii's Com
missioner to the Louisiana Pur-
Member of Weil-Known
Family to Represent
Hawaii at St. Louis.
TULARE, Sept. 2.— Fire broke out in Seif
ert's cigar store in Vls&lia early this morning,
totally destroying It and four neighboring
business houses. The loss is estimated at $25,
000. part of which is covered by insurance.
"My husband and I formerly lived in
San Francisco and I was there visiting
in June. On the evening of the 14th I
went to Bowers' home to call, having
known them intimately. After I had
been there a little while Lervey came in
and then went out and got some beer.
Mr. Bowers came home about 9 o'clock
and did not say anything to Lcrvey, but
just looked at him. Mrs. Bowers said
to me, 'Introduce your friend.' I did not
remember hia name and Lervey spoke it.
Bowers said very crossly: *Ye3, I have
heard of you before,* but never offered
to assault him.
"About a week afterward I went, there
again, hearing that Bowers was sick. He
said he was poisoned and that it was
from eating ham which Mrs. Bowers had
purchased. Ho vomited and she told me
that she vomited, too, and then he said
he had terrible pains all over him."
cisco on June 14, was questioned to-night
by Chief of Police Hunt about the oc
currences at the Bowers home that night.
Mrs. McCallum said:
Asked regarding the Presidential possi
bilities. Senator Cullom said that there
was every reason for regarding President
Roosevelt as a certainty. He said:
"In my own State there is a bit of agi
tation over the question of who will be
the next Governor. When I left Chicago
there had been no definite turn in affairs
and no one was certain who would be the
choice of the Republican party."_
Discussing the canal matter, in so far
as it concerns the stand of Colombia, the
Senator said that the South American re
public has not yet indicated Just what it
purposes to do. If she opposes the canal
project he thinks that she will stand in
the way of her own progress and will be
the greater sufferer. Continuing, he said:
"The canal should be built for the ben
efit of ail the nations of the world and our
country is willing to undertake its con
struction. I doubt if the United States
will permit small obstacles to stand in
the way of carrying out the plans for the
great work."
"These matters have a tendency^ to
more or less demoralize international re
lations and sometimes they lead to serious
but unnecessary troubles. I have learned
through the papers that the attempt to
take the Vice Consul's life was made by
an Irresponsible person and that the
Turkish Government was quick to offer
an apology. This should close the inci
dent."
United States Senator Shelby M. Cul
lom of Illinois, chairman of the
Senate Committee on Foreign Af
fairs, accompanied by Mrs. Cul
lom. Miss Fisher, the Misses C. and Elea
nor Ridgley and W. Melloy, his private
secretary, arrived last evening: from Chi
cago In* a private car and registered at
the Palace Hotel. The Senator ha* come
West to visit his brother, who Is at pres
ent recovering from a recent accident,
and to enjoy a little recreation. One of,
the first remarks' made by the Senator
after his arrival was that he felt re
lieved over the reports denying the kill
ing of Vice Consul Magelssen of Beirut,
and he added:
Says That Apology of Turkey
Should End Magelssen .
Incident.
Illinois Senator Comes
West to Visit Sick
Brother.
CULLOM IS HERE
ON SHORT VISIT
The great "man dressmakers" of Paris
calculate that their shipments abroad
amount annually to about 65 per cent of
their total business.
¦; TV. Rigby Jr., assi(?nee of firms who sold
Jrwclry to Schumacher & Co.. filed a suit
yesterday against the firm to recover the
value of the goods. The suit is for 14577 37.
Th?xe are eleven causes of action in the
complaint and they are for sums ranging
from $55 to $310. "
Sues Schumacher & Co.
Gas ranges $12 and upward. We carry
the best; our prices the lowest. S. F. Gas
and Electric Co. •
Glenroy Is Acquitted.
James Glenroy was tried before a jury
in Police Judge Cabanlss' court yester
day afternoon on a charge of selling tick
ets without a license and was acquitted.
He was arrested on the day of the Cor
bett-Jeffries fight in front of Harry Cor
bett's saloon on Ellis street by Deputy
Tax Collector H. C. Warren.
Held for Assault to Bob.
Andrew Beckman. a sfeilor, was held to
answer before the Superior Court by Po
lice Judge Cabainss yesterday on a
charge of assault with intent to rob In
$500 bonds. On August 23 he attacked
Thomas Egran in a saloon on East street
and attempted to take Egan's purse out
of his pocket.*
• T-he police are searching for Louis
Straus, who has, it is alleged, been ob
taining, 'money from merchants by repre
senting that he owned several saloons in
¦Nome' ar.d had gold dust in the United
Elates Mint awaiting conversion into coin.
¦ .Yesterday Louis Conn t)f Cohn & Her
man, tailors, 1156 Market street, secured a
warrant for Straus* arrest on a charge
of obtaining money by false pretenses.
He -called upon them on August 22 and
told them of his saloons and gold dust
jtnd ordered a suit of clothes. He got
the -clothes and later returned and bor
rowed $20 from Cohn, who now alleges
that Straug is not from Nome and has
no gold* durt in the Mint.
S. • Sanguinetti, proprietor of a. restau
rant at C23 -Davis street. Is also out 120,
'and.. there are said to be a great many
others. • ¦ . - . -
Louis Straus Is Wanted on a
Charge of Obtaining Money by
False Pretenses.
POLICE SEARCHING FOB
SALOON MAN FROM NOME
Pr~'<;;a! holiday rate*. S»pt<?tnber 4 to 0. in
cluFi'v*. via. th* North Shore to Russian Kiver,
Caiaoero, ll^d woods. %\>int Reyes, Ccrnp Tay
lrr. ,<tc. . Goer; hotel*, hunting, fish.ugr r.n<l
reir.tilni?.^ Morning and afternoon train*
through to CaarSero en September 5 and S. Get
«ory o>f circular at ticket office, *»6 Market
'e ':!*¦':%, £kn Francisco. •
Popular Excursions.
LABOR AND ADMISSION DAYS.
It is expected that the Duncans Mill
Lumber Company will donate a part of the
lumber to be used in construction. The
Rev. Mr. Parker has already received
some financial aid from Episcopalians of
the Northern Diocese of California, who
have no special Interest in Monte Rio,
but who favor the extension of the church
influence, and it is believed other lay
members will lend their aid when the
project becomes known.
It is proposed to raise $1000 for the
church edifice and later on to erect a neat
parsonage. The services will be conduct
ed by a missionary of the diocese of
which the Right Rev. William H. More
land is Bishop. Rev. C. A. Doane of this
city has a cottage in the neighboring vil
lage of Camp Meeker and held services
there during last summer.
St. Dorothy's Rest for the care of con
valescent children at Camp Meeker is
supported by charitable Episcopalians on
a non-sectarian policy as far as the ben
eficiaries are concerned.
The land company offered a site for the
proposed church edifice at the corner of
Middle way and Myrtle lane, while one
of the officials who owns a cottage at
Monte Rio tendered a cash donation to
the building fund. It is expected that
many of the cottagers will also contrib
ute to the fund. Charles F. Carr, propri
etor of the Hotel Monte Rio, recently en
tertained Rev. Mr. Parker and other
ministers of , the church, who visited
Monte Rio, and offered them a substantial
cash donation.
Episcopalians Plan to Erect Sacred J
Edifice and Strong Support j
Has Been Given.
The Episcopalians are planning to erect •
a house /jf worship at the new cottage vll- ;
lage of Monte Rio Park on the Russian !
River In the mountains of the western j
part of Soncma County. The Rev. O. ;
Parker, archdeacon of Sacramento, was j
a visitor in San Francisco yesterday In j
the" interests of the new project. He in- :
terviewed the officials of the North Shore •
Railroad and land companies, where he ¦
received every encouragement. !
Young Whltwell Is a. member of a
wealthy family In New York, and no ex
pense was spared to make his life agree
able at college. Mr. Bonestell./ the grand
father, is one of the partners in the firm
of Bonestell. Richardson & Co.
"The young man is 22 years old and a
giant for his age. He was a member qt
the varsity crew at Harvard and was
prominent in ail athletics. One of the
very sad features of the case Is that his
father died in New York only two weeks
after his disappearance.
"I to-day received telegrams from Mrs.
Whitwell, who had been informed of the
Austin story, and I will co-operate with
her at once to send word to her son. She
has been greatly distressed over his mys
terious absence and is delighted to feel
that he is safe and may soon return to
her."
The discovery of the whereabouts of W.
S. Whltwell, the long missing Harvard
University student, who is now enjoying
the dubious luxury of cowpunching on a
Texas ranch, as was reported by tele
graph from Austin. Tex., in The Call yes
terday, has virtually brought to a plea
surable end the tireless and exasperating
ly ineffectual search made by, the boy's
mother and his other relatives since last
February.
Mrs. Whltwell, the mother, who resides
in New York, and L. H. Bonestell of this
city, the grandfather of the truant col
legian, had encountered so many ob
stacles and been disappointed so frequent
ly In their efforts to trace the young man,
that there seemed not the remotest
chance of success. Friends of the family
in the Southwest rendered them every
possible assistance and. a few had even
seen "Scolly" Whltwell in Texas some
months ago, but beyond the accumulation
of interesting but useless scraps of infor
mation, their work was profitless.
When the news of the location of Whit
well on a ranch thirty miles from San
Antonio appeared yesterday, Mr. Bone-
Btell Immediately made arrangements to
place himself in communication with his
grandson. Telegrams were sent to Aus
tin and doubtless a courier is now on hla
way to the place where Whitwell is em
ployed as a cowboy.
"This is the flrst satisfactory news we
have had in seven months," said Mr.
Bonestell yesterday. Since February 28
we have searched over half the continent
for the boy. He disappeared from, Cam
bridge on that date and we have not had
a word from him since. Some time pre
viously he had spent a year in Germany
and he said he would make that time up
at 'Harvard by hard study. I am con
vinced that he studied too bard and the
impulse seized him to get away from the
worry of his school work.
"One of his classmates saw him in New
York a few days after he left college, and
said he thought the boy might go to
Texas. The story of his disappearance
was later, read by Thomas Blodgett at
Waco, and he wrote to Mrs. Whitwell.
telling her that he believed he had seen
my grandson there. ]
"I was in New York at the time and
on my way out here 1 stopped at Waco
and heard that the boy was on the Co
burn ranch near Sin Antonio. I could
not locate him there, however, and was
told afterward that he had come to CaJl
fornia. This Call dispatch would seem to
substantiate that statement, for it says
that three weeks ago be returned to
Texas. :' -
WhitweH's/ Relative in
This City Sends Him
Telegram.
NEWS GRATIFYING
TO GRANDFATHER
PI. ,/iSE NEW CHITBCH j
AT MONTE BIO PARK'
declared to be 118 years old. Her ;
first husband fought in the battle known ,
fie Panlwai o Iao," which took place In j
Cailuku In 17&0. She was married several j
limes, but leaves neither husband nor .'
child behind. )
Mother Gulick, the oldest living white
woman on the islands, is reported to be j
dying. Her one hundredth birthday will j
be in February next. She came to Hono- ,
lulu fifty years ago and has enjoyed good ;
health up to a couple of months ago. i
when she sustained a fall which injured
her head and shoulder. Mother Gulick j
was a daughter of General Thomas, one j
of the generals who won reputation in the |
war of 1S12. She was born on February '
15, 1804. when Jefferson was president of I
the United States and Napoleon was at j
the zenith of his power. Her native place J
was Lebanon. Conn. In 1SS0, when 76 •
years of age. Mother Gulick traveled from '
Hawaii to Lebanon all alone and visited i
the old fort, which she remembers very j
well during the 1512 days. .
HONOLULU, Sept. 2.-At Kame- !
hame, Kula, on the island of j
Maul, a Hawaiian woman died i
recently named Kaona. who was
Oldest White Woman in the
Islands Has Not Long
to Live. i
OLDEST WHITE WOMAN IN '
HAWAII, NEARLY 100 YEARS !
OF AGE. J
Arsenic is not easily soluble, but Pro
fessor Morgan says that when a man
dies from arsenical poison and a consid
erable quantity remains in the victim's
stomach It is evidence that the dose must
ha\*e been a large one. It is the dissolved
arsenic circulating with the blood that
does the damage. Professor3 Green and
Professor Green and Chemist Morgan,
his assistant, have completed their analy
sis of the contents of the dead man's
stomach. They found two and a fraction
grains of free arsenic of the common
white crystal variety. There were no
traces of other poisons. Two grains of
arsenic is said to be a fatal dose, v
COMPLETE ANALYSIS.
John Schnoor of 366 Clementina street
came forward with the statement yester
day that on the morning after the death
of. the bridge builder he started for the
corner grocery at 5:30 o'clocn and saw
Mrs. Bowers, clad in her night clothes,
letting Lervey out of the door. As soon
as the latter observed that he was seen
he ran swiftly around the corner and up
Fifth street. This Is evidence that Lervey
and Mrs. Bowers both lied In their pre
vious statements to the police that they
sat up all night. Mrs. Magnan of 368
Clementina street Is said to have seen the
same occurrence.
Attorney Vaughn of Portland, Or., who
Is directing the defense, sa>'3 that he is
certain that his clients did not commit
the murder and that the truth will come
out during the progress of the prospec
tive trial. He has told the women not to
talk and they refuse to answer any
more questions.
Lervey when seen yesterday denied
that he had had trouble with Bowers
when the latter returned from Mare
Island the night before he was taken 111.
He said they were introduced and talked
together pleasantly. Lervey has become
defiant and declines to answer vital ques
tions. £
Chief of Police Hunt of Seattle has been
requested by the local authorities to set
a comprehensive statement from Mrs.
Dcedie McCallum of that city, who was a
close friend of Mrs. Bowers.Xand who
was present in the sick room on various
occasions.
Cunningham will be interrogated again
severely as soon as possible. It Is ar
gued, now the facts in the case have be
come known, that Cunningham as the
consort of Mrs. Sutton and the constant
attendant on the dying bridge builder,
ought to know as much of the real cir
cumstances of the case as Patrick Ler
vey, or O'Leary, the lover of Mrs! Bow
ers. The police theory is that Mrs. Sut
ton was to get a share of the $2S00 bank
account for engineering the affair and
that even if Cunningham did not know
that murder was being committed, he
would at least be cognizant of the fact
that his companion was expected to
shortly better her condition financially.
Cunningham will have an opportunity to
tell his story under oath at the Coroner's
inquest at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning.
WILL HAVE TO EXPLAIN.
A police officer saw him sitting on tfte
wall which surrounds Portsmouth square
yesterday afternoon watching for some
one to come from the Hall of Justice,
where Mrs. Sutton is imprisoned. It is
said that he was attempting to communi
cate with the woman through some third
person who is not at present known to
the authorities. He was visibly In a state
of alarm last night and refused to talk
of the Bowers murder. He was formerly
a waiter in the Olympia, where Mrs. Sut
ton was a constant visitor. She was a
notorious character, but was never ar
rsted for vagrancy, so says Police Of
ficer Callandun, whose beat has long be-en
on the lower portion of Eddy street, be
cause the woman declared that she main
tained a lodging-house and it would have
been hard to prove a case against her.
John Cunningham was just as notoriousfy
known as her companion. But to the po
lice he represented that he did not know
much of her and that his sole intttrest in
visiting 320 Clementina street was to as
sist the sick man.
Nothing was said about this watch un
til the fact that it was missing was dis
covered by a Call representative and re
ported to the police. Detective Ryan se
cured it from Cunningham late Tuesday
night. And now the authorities are ask
ing why John Cunningham attempted to
show that he was the closest friend of
the murdered bridge builder instead of ad
mitting his relations with the woman
who has been declared to have been the
person who purchased the arsenic at As
kenasy's drug store. When confronted
with \he statement that he had lived in
Mrs. Button's . apartments Cunningham
replied that the woman was simply his
landlady, which is not deemed likely by
the police. /
ACTIONS ABE SUSPICIONS.
It Is now learned that he has been liv
ing in Mrs. Button's apartments for more
than a year and is eaid by fellow
habitues of the tenderloin to be her con
sort. The people who live near the Bow
ers house on Clementina street say that
Cunningham never visited the place until
the bridge builder was on his death bed
and then in company with Mrs. Sutton.
He gavf\ much assistance in the care of
Bower3. When the latter was dead Cun
ningham, In the role of the grief-stricken
friend, took the murdered man's $140 gold
watch and chain. The story is that Mrs.
Bowers wanted to reward the waiter for
al! his trouble.
John Cunningham, a w/iiter In the
Oberon music hal!, has suddenly become
one of the most prominent figures in the
sensational Bowers murder mystery- His
misrepresentations of hla position in the
horrible affair in his statements to the
police authorities have become known.
Last night the officers were debating the
advisability of taking him into custody.
He will be subpenaed at any rate and
kept under the order of the court. He
is openly accused by the police of know
ing more than he has told.
Mrs. Bowers stated to the Chief of Po
lice immediately after her arrest that
the persons who gave food to the pois
oned bridge builder were herself, Harry
Bowers arS his wife. Mrs. Sutton and
John Cunningham. All of them were sub
jected to a severe examination and their
stories were kept for record.
John Cunningham asserted that he had
been a lifelong friend of Martin Bowers,
that he had but little acquaintance with
the women and that his frequent visits
to 370 Clementina street were for the pur
pose of nursing the sick man. He said
that he had visited the grocery
where the ham was bought for the pur
pose of discovering if there was anything
the matter with the rest of the meat on
the same bone. He visited the house
practically every day and did all he could
to help.
New Features Are Apparent
In Bowers Murder^
Mystery.
The lease for the Children's Playground
Rt Seventh and Harrison streets was re
j.rwcd for one year at $200 per month.
.• The ¦ board decided that next Monday
and Wednesday will be holidays for the
schools: A number of requests were re
ceived "that Tuesday be also declared a
holiday, but the board declined to do so.
The resipr.ation of B. A. Shaw as a
v* ai tier in the department was accepted.
m 'Leaves of absence, were jrranted to
dxlpb C. Daniels. <,'lara M. Johnston and
c'harlej: X). Snyder. . ¦
. Mi?£ S. Boniface. evening school
ttacher. and Gavin Telfer, a day substi
.tt;to teacher, were permitted to exchange
positions.
As. the State Superintendent of Public
instruction has notified the Superinte'n
•dctrt of Schools that the new United
jStates history will be ready for distribu
tion by •September 10 a resolution was
Udopted thatthe Superintendent was au
if'jrize.d to revise the present course of
study (a> that it will meet the requirements
or th«» new book, the report on revision to
b*- presented en or be'fofe Septem^^Ci-
The M'-ls for August we.re ord' f^^^id
r it h Woodward voting no becV-ytnere
is an overdraft of 5690 S4 on t.^s* school
fi n.i.
FEW TEXTBOOKS READY.
Mrs. Mary D. McGlade was appointed i
Ji^sistant super\isor of music during the i
!f ave of absence of Miss Catherine Black, j
E. E. Goodell Was appointed special
teacher of manual training and assigned
¦ir 'thf Polytechnic High School.
The plan?, specifications and estimates
for the concrete work at the Xoe Vallev
School, submitted by the Board of Public ,
V orks, . Uerc approved. The work will
•c-'st .faw.
In reneral the school* are in better condition
t'.an reputed. While uniformity is lacklni? an-J J
if-.ete 16 but the beginning of a real school »>s- I
l»3i in. San Francisco, there i» an excellent |
?oundalJon upon which to work. Many of the
#• nix-Is are- of mrpri»ingly high quality, equal
ing th» best in the State, and in these we have |
rii excellent r.UtileUE for a «¦> stem of schools, j
*:\ hfirh. In. quality and uniform with each other (
within. proper limits. Some of the schools need !
carf-ful evt<r«t:on.
Buriitg the month Superintendent Langden j
v!«ij«j ."VIS schools and his deputies Inspected i
7>-4 schocl*.
CONDITION OF SCHOOLS.
The. educational deputies repcrt that they nni
Uw epJrit vt o-cperatlon among the teachers
<*ry h'.jth. . An unusual er.thusiarm ee-Jtm to
t)*-'grow;int etronter and stronger among the
teachers c'f the department. This is particu
larly maVled !•>• th» w !lliri£mt->ts oj- teachers
ti' co-operate in grade and school meeting* ccn
d-Ufted by the deputies. These meetings by
<Jf.ruties m«rk n rather Cisunct innovation in
th» policy M thip orfice. . Thus far the practice
teernt to meet with a tplendid approval.
Superintendent of Schools l>ans:don sub
mitted to the Board of Education at yes
iTday'f -meeting his report for August,
in which he calls attention to the fact
tha-t the classes of the public schools are
K<*.nerally <y\ei crowded and loo much so
'•-T, effective work. The report continues:
In ulacea the defies an-i **ats ere badly ad
justed to .th* children threatening tatlgue
Tly fa the" *;hool da> «r.d threatening eenous
f-hj>jcii «vi:s IX t^it child lcni: continues the
bfcd posture* »h<ch are inevituble with euch
« onditionf . The matter of lighting need* to be
t>*-lterc-ti. Oficn Ihi* may t* »rnprove"i by s<ld
rig a tranfluftnt eha.Je lo the cpaque on*. The
translucent shade admits the light but *hu*»
out the glare ct he sun. There ara many chli
•.Iron vith "defective eyetieht who are struggling
w stti their schoc! >v<.rk without realizing the
$tci >l tre»tn:ent. Teachers . will be supplied
«uh tiriple ie*t xards fo that the presence of
the detect tan t>e noted and the parents ln
f-Yir.ed before cjeslghi become* seriously af
fected.
Board of Education Accspts
the Resignation of a
• ' Teacher.
Police Know Waiter Has
Concealed Many
Facts.
Langdon Calls Attention
;. to. Prevailing Bad
Conditions.
CUNNINGHAM
COMES INTO
PROMINENCE
CLASSES STILL
OVERCROWDED
MOTHER GULICK
IS SAID TO BE
NEARING DEATH
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 3, 1903.
DOLE APPOINTS
MACFARLANE AS
COMMISSIONER
5
MINERAL SPRINGS, .
Located nine miles- northeast of Red .Blujf on
the Una of the Southern Pacific Railway.
Case* of RHEUMATISM, GOCT AND Ati.
BLOOD DISEASES WILL BE ACCEPTED
UNDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL.
BE CURED WITHIN A SPECIFIED TIMB
OR ALL EXPENSES. INCLl'tilNG RAIL-
WAT FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wonderful springs can be reached b7
the Southern Pacific Company's system of rail-
ways and Its connections throughout ths United
States
For rates of fars and toutes of travel apply
to any Southern Pacific Railroad Agent.
For guarantee or reference to cures effected,
address Medical Department. Tuscan Mineral
Springs' Corp.. Tuscan. Cal.
IDEAL WEATHER
ZS TEE EXPRESSIO2T O7 '
EVESY OXT2 AX.OKO THE
California Northwestern R'y
The Picturesque Route of Calif ornk.
Ticket Offices of the -Company. 650 Market
street (Chronicle Building), and "Tiburon Ferry.
foot of Market street. General- Offices, Ma-
tual Life Building. .cornet of Sansome and Cal-
ifornia streets, San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING. r ¦' R. X..RTAK. .
Gen'l. Manager. Gen'l. Pass'c Agent.
Del Monte
The only xolf links tn CaJttornU »Uh full
18- hole course equipped wtta perennial* turi
: greens. This course la provided exclusrvclj for
the guests of the betel. -' .' . . ", '
POLO, AUTOMOBlLINQ..
GOLF AND SWIMMING ;
The year round. Bates, $3 SO. per day and up-
Special rat«s by the montli on application K»
GEORGE W. REYNOLDS. Mgr.. • ¦•
PARAISI) SPRINGS
MOITTEBEY COUMTX, CAS.. -
The leading Summfcr Rcsjrt of ths
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager;; or San Francis*
co Agent, ix Montgomery street.
¦ DEER-' ;
HUNTING.
. .•
If you want to get a deer, go to TClliits.
stop at the WUUts Hotel. Mendocino C«unty
Is beet hunting (rround.-in the State near to
San Francisco. Deer season open until Sep-
tember 30. ¦ WM.WE1GA.VD. Prop.
ACUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
OPE^f Alii YEAR ROUND. Natural hot
sulphur iprlnxs. temperature 115 degveea.^ No
staging. Fare SI 10. Sure cure for rheuma-
tism, asthma, kidney and -liver trouble*. Tub
and hot plunge baths. . The largest mineral
water swimming tank In th? State. Coiapo-
tent lady and gentlemen masseurs*, swimming
teacher. Special ratea from now on. Peck'*.
11 . Montgomery it. THEODOR JUCHAItDS.
Agua Callente. Sonoma. Co.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahos
Is dow open for ths reception of guest*.
Our patrons of last aeaxoa sayi **T»-
fco* Tavern la ta» equal of *ny wammn
resort hotel la toe world."
and that Lake Tahoe bas n<* equal. v Visit ua
aad pro-re statement for younelves. Kates
from 93.BO per day up'-ward. For parUcnlare
er reservation of rooms address Taaoa Tav«ra»
Tahoe City. Cal. : ¦
VICHY SPRINGS.. •."
t miles from Uklah. Mendoclao Co. Natural
eleetrta waters, champagne baths. Only plao*
In tne world "of UUs class. Fishing, httntlnc
Crystal Springs. Accommodations; table first*
class. J. A. REDKMETER * .CO.. Props.
Campbell Hot Springs.
16 boors* rail to Boca: stage for springs cos.
sects « p. m. train from city; round UI9. -.a-
eluding stage. H* 60. good tag season. Betes,
A10 B*r *«tk. . . ¦;¦ ~T _
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WORN OliO^ACaED^OUTJ
Arc Most Women in Summer. x££ tt ll' s Zll™™S t £? Broad *} ••
Pe-ru-na Is a Tonic of "I'f'/T * fl f t ne T a , wor J d of
good, I feel in duty bound to tell of it. in
Efficiency. - hopes that it may meet the eye of some
woman who has suffered as I have.
A. Tor five years I really did not know '
y^^ji V* J "*'\ what a perfectly well day was, and if I
j^^\^ f j/fffi I IfhfV y. /^^—v did not have headache I had backache
uHAxyJm\ I II '-IIJE itsr^^^N^ Or a pa ' n somewnero - and rezHf /if? was
if VJ jt\ (jilan j iSSHflP^W^^v' nl not worttt a effort I made to ketp
\ *v/^^r^^^^^^\^^nK V/ '* 3 ° 01 * fr ' snd °dvised me. to use
\^tv^^^^^^mMlH^}\\ IVY Psruna. cnd.l was glad to try anything.
y /gfii^BKJjjClBpwBBMM^Y J \\ and I am. very pleased to say thai six
uiujeSffnlrr^ ¦ Is2 1^ I \ a bottles made a new. nvimon of me and I
T\&38m^3&k I I have no more pains and- life looks bright
IB SBft WItk^Jt 1 |j again."— Mrs. Tressie .Ve.'son. '
JOSEPHINE MORRIS. 236 Carroll Miffifo- /llV ' Jf'Jv I \
St., Brooklyn, N. "*.. writes: W//'/Wu \\\ t\ ' *
"Peruna is a fine medicine to take '/A%fe\[ Xvfcy&Jt •/if I fit iV
any time of year, but I have found it • hi \ • I l\
especially helpful to withstand' the -wear . y / Vk
and tear of the hot "weather. ~I have- ~ / jjritjl Na
taken it now for two summers and feel ¦ • w /ivfj ' s \k*"/r f^Hflr^o?
that It has kept my system free fro.m ¦^i^\ £& : Jt **&.
malaria, and also kept me from havins • * * . "
that worn-out, dragged-out look which horrors of hot weather*. Many ladle*
so many women have. have discovered .that the depression of
"I therefore have no hesitancy in- say- hot weather -and tbe- rigors they have
Ing that I think it is the finest tonic in been in th* habit, of attributing to
the world."— Josephine Morris. malaria, <jyickly disappear wheh they
Peruna is frequently used as a mltiga- us « Peruna.- This Is -why Perun3 is sr>
tion of the effects of hot weather; What Popular with them. P.eruna provides
a bath is to the skin. Peruna is to the clean mucous membranes, and the clean
mucous membranes. Bathing keeps the mucous membranes do the rest. /•¦
skin healthy, Peruna makes the mu- < If you do not derive prompt and satis-
coua membranes clean and healthy, factory results from, the use of Peruna.
With the skin and mucous membranes at once. to Dr. Hartman. giving a
in good working order, hot weather can £ ul1 statement of your case and he will
be withstood with very little suffering. Sk^SSffc tO " - Slve y °! 1 bis valuable ad "
Frequent bathing with an occasional Address ' Dr. Hartman. President . of
use of Peruna is sure to mitigate the The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
ADVEBTISEM E N T^
'''mil g~~^ r* *****^ *¦
*3arw»JTUVfi^a^i Ban Francisco, Thursday, 3 September, 1903. i57tf«£?-5«3£v
Looks like mahogany
i| Forty=six=f ifty for set
The word imitation is on the price tickets. We
do not call apiece mahogany unless it is genuine. You
might not know the' difference, but w e prefer not to
take any such risks. The wood is birch, finished in
imitation of mahogany. Richly colored tapestries cover
the slats and complete these thoroughly first-class fur-
niture pieces. When in "your parlor they will be a
constant source of comfort and satisfaction.
For the settee, $22.50; the arm chair, $1400; the
guest chair, $ 10.00. Sold separately if desired.
'¦ (Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, SatvFrancisco
" ' . .; • '." ADVERTISEMENTS. ,'
\/ :^%L CAUTION!
As poor butter spoils
good bread, so poor
% :^^2g* sauce destroys the flavor
$^faraL /M>k * °^ S°°d food. Buy the
1 ¦ %Wv^*^ eSt sauce '
LEA & PERRINST
SAUCE
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE.
Beware of unscrupnloas dealers who so far forget their own interests tnd
\ the health of their customers as to sell you worthless imitations of
LEA tt PER.RIKS' SAUCE.
JOHN DUN~CAN*.S SONS, Agent*, NEW YORK.the Native Daughters of the Golden West
will be a striking: feature of the big Ad
mission day parade. Twenty or more of
the young ladles will lead their parlor
on horseback. They will be attired in
natty white suits with white automobile
caps. Many of the number are expert
horsewomen and already they are busy
breaking their steeds to become used to
the din and noise of a parade.
LEADING MEMBERS OF AD
MISSION DAY CELEBRATION
COMMITTEE OF ST. HELENA.
Native Daughters Will Parade.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 2.— Vendome Parlor of
ST. HELENA, Sept. 2.— St. Helena
Parlor No. 53, N. S. G. W., will
observe the anniversary of Cali
fornia's admission to statehood by
giving the largest celebration ever
held in St. Helena find one of the best
seen in Napa County for many vears.
The committee of arrangements, con
sisting of Bismarck Bruck (chairman), E.
L. Cave (secretary). Joseph Galewsky. Dr.
F. D. Watkins and E. G. Schuneman,
has been busy for the last two weeks
and has everything in readiness for the
entertainment of the visitors.
Excursion rates have been secured from
San Francisco and way stations and a
special train will leave Vallejo on Wed
nesday morning, September 9. at 8 o'clock,
returning at 1 o'clock Thursday morning.
The celebration is to be participated
in by all the parlors of Napa and Solano
counties. Napa Parlor will bring its band
and about 400 excursionists. The Inde
pendence band will accompany Vallejo
Parlor, also a large part of the popula
tion of the navy yard town.
The procession will be confined entirely
to the Native Sons, excepting the pres
ence of "Uncle Jack" York and wife,
who will celebrate their sixty-third wed
ding anniversary oxx the 7th. Mr. and
Mrs. York crossed the plains in a prairie
schooner. York was a member of the
Bear Flag party at Sonoma and was one
of the two men who carried the American
nag to General Fremont at Sacramento.
Judge C. E. Mclaughlin of Qulncy Par
lor No 131, first grand vice president of
the order, will deliver the oration. Mr.
Dockery will be grand marshal.
Besides the parade the arrangements
consist of literary exercises, games and
amusements of all kinds and dancing in
the pavilion in Hunt's park. A grand ball
will be held at night.
The town will be decorated and an arch
erected across Main street in front of
the Native Sons' headquarters will be
illuminated by electricity at night, also
on the evening of September 8.
On Tuesday evening. September 8, at
which time many of the visitors will ar
rive, the local parlors will have open
house at Its headquarters, which will be
in charge of the Native Daughters un
der direction of Miss Winifred C. Booker,
president, and Anne L. F. Whitehead,
NEW YORK, Sept. 2.— Californians in
Npw Tork-C. L. Ackerman. Holland; A.
Allmacher, Belvidere; Dr. A. and W. Bar
kin Manhattan; D. Marx. Hotel Imp*
JSJ- PC.- Mills. Hotel Albert; H. M.
Pae'e Mrs. C. Purcell, C. H. "Warner,
Grand Union; F. L. Wh.itney. Hoffman:
J Kellogg. Morton; Miss Ligny, Gllsey
Hnuse- L.-S. Thompson, Gilsey House.
San Diego-G. D. Goldman. St. Denis.
Calif crnians in New York.
Peter Musto, a merchant of Stockton.
Is at the Grand.
H. Hunsaker. a mining man of Denver.
is at the Palace.
' Attorney Nathan Cole of Los Angeles
is at the California.
Ex-Congressman Thomas J. Geary of
Santa Rosa la at the Grand.
W. H. Cheatham. proprietor of a hotel
at Albuquerque, Is amqtag the latest ar
rivals at the Grand. V
Bishop and Mrs. H. W.^Warren of Den
ver 'are enjoying a short vacation in Cali
fornia and are stopping at the Palace.
J. J. Byrne, general passenger agent of
the Santa Fe road. Is up from Los An
gcles and registered at the Palace.
Dr G Goodfellow, formerly chief sur
eeon of' the Santa Fe road, and his wife
returned last evening from a visit to the
East and are temporarily stopping at, the
Palace.
W W Stevenson, brother of Adlal B.
Stevenson. ex-Vice President of the Unit
ed States, and his son, J. B. Stevenson
Jr.. of BloomLngton, 111., are in San Fran
cisco on a pleasure trip.
Robert de P. Tytus. who for the last
five years has been representing the Unit
ed States Government in the archaeolog
ical researches in Egypt, is at the Palace
with his wife. He is going to Luxor after
spending several months In this country.
PERSONAL MENTION.
It is so seldom in our politics that a great party
speaking in a State convention singles out some one
man for denunciation,* that it is interesting to note
to what extent the Ohio Democrats singled out Sen
ator, Hanna as the sole object of their antagonism.
The task of sounding the keynote of the campaign
was intrusted to the Hon. G. M. Saltzgaber,
who was introduced as temporary chairman, and who
made the opening address of the convention. In the
course of his speech the orator denounced what he
called "tariff iniquities" and went on to say: "Con
vince the people that you are in earnest and will
carry this one reform into effect, and on that alone
the majority will sweep you into power. Why should
they continue to vote with Mr. Hanna? Nineteen
twentieths of the voters of Ohio are also righteously
opposed to Mr. Hanna's ship subsidy scheme to draw
money from the public treasury and bestow it on
those already rich. Will a majority of the voters
consent that Mr. Hanna shall remain in power to
further schemes by which some are enriche'd at the
expense of the many?"
Judging from the tone of the convention, Demo
cracy sees nothing in politics except Mark • Hanna,
and has no other impulse to activity than a desire
WHEN Tom Johnson won out in the Demo
cratic State convention in Ohio there was a
triumph not only for Bryan's platform, but
for Bryan's latest method of making a political fight.
It appears that the campaign in Ohio is to be made
personal to a degree hitherto unknown in that State,
and just as Bryan now devotes himself mainly to a
fight against Cleveland, so Johnson and his follow
ers are to make their fight mainly against Senator
Hanna.
FIGHTING MARK HANNA.
If reports from various parts of California were
true one might suspect that there are a hundred des
perate convicts at large with murderous and thieving
intent instead of, less than ten. Frightened men and
women are seeing in every strange and passing face
and in every unwonted shadow desperate jailbird,
freed from his cage and bent on crime.
Quite an extensive programme has been arranged
for the six days of bragging and booming. A report
says: "Another Fort Dearborn will be set up in one
of the parks, within and without the counterpart of
the original. Four hundred real Indians will come
from Michigan in their canoes and when the cele
bration begins they will paddle up the river and
camp near the fort, upon which at stated times they
will make sham attacks. Then there will be an al
legorical and industrial parade. With myriad lights
and countless torches a procession of floats will rep
resent, successively, its Indian origin, its early set
tlement, the massacre of its pioneers by the red
men, its great fire and' its World's Fair; while its
commercial progress will be told in a series of tab
leaux and illuminated pictures."
The chief spectacular show of the occasion is to
be a celebration of the great fire. In describing it
the report goes on to say: "Over the great terri
tory devastated by the conflagration the roofs of all
the larger buildings will be arranged for red fire. Sim
ultaneously this combustible powder will be touched
off and a glare that will be -visible for many miles
around will be maintained for two hours. A bomb
display will also be given from the roof of the
O'Leary home on De Koven street to signalize the
spot wliere the cow kicked over the lantern."
Altogether the occasion is going to be a halcyon
and vociferous time. The visitor will not have to
expend any of his money or his energy in painting
the town red, for all that will be done for him by
his Chicago entertainers. All that he will have to do
will be to enjoy himself and every now and then
refer to the coming' exposition at St. Louis as a
prospective side show, ,
CHICAGO is going to do herself proud by cel
brating the centennial of her existence as a
home of white men. The first settlement
dates back to August of a hundred years ago, but
Chicago has postponed the festival until September
26, when she will begin it and continue it for six
days. Just why the postponement was made has
not been stated. Of course Chicago is not getting
to be so slow that she cannot keep up with the al
manac, so it is not probable the delay has been oc
casioned by any\ lack of ability to get ready at the
proper time. Possibly the August weather may have
had something to do with the change of date. Au
gust is a sultry, thirsty time in Chicago even under
the most quiet conditions, and it may be her leading
citizens felt that if a celebration were sprung upon
them at that time the thirst would be too great for
the supply of lake water to quench, and an impor
tation of beer from St. Louis might be rendered nec
essary. Such a fear would, of course, have caused a
postponement of the festival without further debate.
Chicago can do many things, but she cannot revel
with a true joy on beer bearing a St. Louis label.
Toward the close then of this month, at a time
when the weather is not utterly horrid, Chicago will
shoot rockets at the stars, burn red lights on the
tops of her skyscrapers, set her streets blazing with
e' .ctric lights, adorn her stockyards, slaughter-houses
and university with gay bunting, and be ready to blow
her horn of jubilation over the growth she made
during the hundred years that have passed since
the first white man settled there. because he could not
get away, having neither energy to go farther west
nor money to return east.
CHICAGO'S CENTENNIAL.
An Oakland murderer, self-confessed, noncha
lantly chewed gum the other day during the progress
of his trial. He probably knows better than any one
else that in the trial for his life nothing very serious
h at stake.
Taken as a whole, the Russian situation is by no
means, encouraging to those who desire the main
tenance of peace in that part of the world, and it
is clear that a new control is needed in the imperial
council. Whether the promotion of Witte means
that he is to have full power to act in dexling with the
crisis, or whether it means . that a new man is to
have charge, remains to be seen. -The one thing
indifputable is that it is high time for some one to
change the imjsrial •programme, v
GON'CERNING the meaning of the Czar's
promotion of M. .Wine from the position of
Minister of. Finance to that of President of
the Council authorities diner. Nominally the promo
tion places, him at the head of the imperial ministry,
but: thtre; is such a-thing as a presidency that has
very little, power and it may be that Witte has been
•pvtTl-aTf office of that kind for the purpose of de
priving h'itn of. his "former authority.
For some years past- the distinguished Russian has
•enjoyed*, a high. repute in western Europe and in the
.United States: He; has been credited with the au
thorship of most of the great policies of finance,
social 'reform ar.d internal development which have
keen 'undertaken, in Russia since he entered the min
istry/ Moreover, his work has been regarded as
"fcighly successful and mere than one panegyric has
i>een' pronounced upon -the statesman who could
achieve such marvels in ?uch a land.
.'While the tide of western admiration was flowing
in, his. favor,, little attention was given to criticisms
of his work and of his methods. Such reports of
antagonism as came from Russia were set down
as evidences of the opposition of a barbaric conser
vatism to a progressive statesman. Of late, how
ever, ihere has been a more serious study of the
-Russian situation by European economists, and the
fesul'u have been by no means favorable to Witte's
rej>iitat:on as a successful minister; for the showing
of.thc crnpire either from a financial or a sociological
pptnf of view is one of impending danger.
.Recently Bjoernson, the Norwegian statesman and
mar. of Letters, made an analysis of the financial sit
uatioh in Russia and pointed out that the public debt
has reached the sum of $3,450,000,000. Of this $1,
¦.7.3 j. 400, 000 was placed at home and $855,600,000
abroad In the past' four years Russia has borrowed
abroad Svoo.ooo.ooo' and this does not include the
loins for railways.. Taxes have increased to a
degree. of terrible exaction, in the same period. Bjoern
i>on,say$;' "Expenditures are steadily increasing, but
.the receipts can no longer keep pace with them. A
part of the railway system pays no dividends; does
not even, pay for: its running. Taxes have reached
their, ultimate limit. This* last point is confirmed by
Wit.te.iri his report to the imperial council."
Bad as is the financial condition, of the empire it
is- by na means the worst feature of the situation.
The- industrial and social conditions are even more
threatening than the menace of imperial bankruptcj-.
P.rofessbr Ernest Tixbouricch, who has made a long
sojourn- in Russia and a careful study of the people,
.has- recently startled Europe by the gloomy picture
which he presents of the Russian situation as a whole,
and by his delineation of the portentous signs of a
coming revolution or insurrection that may involve
'.sjl. eastern Europe in strife and disaster. Other au
thorities confirm the report of Tarbouriech. It is
ftated that at the present time in South Russia alone
.there are upward of 500,000 men on a strike, and so
jbtesse is the popular interest in the struggle that the
government for the first time in recent history has
beCa forced to permit the press to publish reports
of the. event and keep the public informed of the
developments in the various districts where the
; strikes -prevail.
A Berlin report of recent date says the strikes are
merely a covering for a social revolt of. enormous
proportions/which, starting in the Caucasus, has
spread rapidly in every direction. The cause of the
outbreak is s?id 'to have been a racial antagonism
among the people of the Caucasus excited by the
efforts of the. government to "Russianize" them. The
closing of Armenian schools is reported to have de
prived 20,000 children of their opportunities to ob
tain an- education in their native language, and other
races have been as badly treated as the Armenians.
It will be remembered that while the "Russification"
of the southern tribes has been enforced in that
drastic way, a similar policy has been applied with an
equal barbarity in Finland, so that the extreme north
of "the empire is almost as badly disturbed as the
THE - CRISIS IN RUSSIA.
IT turns out that the American vice-consul at Bei
rut was not murdered. The American Minis
ter at Constantinople misinformed his Govern
ment. The vice-consul himself answers an official
inquiry that he is "fit as a fiddle." Just what that
implies in diplomacy is for the experts of the State
Department to say. It would seem proper that he
be sent elsewhere to display his violincular fitness,
since it is a quite serious matter to mislead a govern
ment into making a costly naval demonstration
against a friendly power.
Concurrently with the report of the vice-consul's
assassination was a harrowing tale of crime against
the American college at Harput. That college is a
potent storm center. Many members of its faculty
are Armenians who are naturalized Americans. They
carry into their use of that missionary school their
violent racial and religious prejudice against the
Turks, and, sheltered by our flag, act in a way that
would not occur to native Americans.
When the clerical cry went up for the slaughter
of the Turks and their expulsion from Europe, it
was supposed that Harput had been or was about to
be put to the torch. The American Missionary As
sociation arranged for a • cdnference with Secretary
Hay to secure another demonstration at Harput.
Now it turns out that the shot supposed to be in
tended for the vice-consul at Beirut was a blank
cartridge fired in the air by a wedding party accord
ing to a local custom, and that Harput is as quiet
as a fashionable church in. Boston during vacation.
The Missionary Association notifies Secretary Hay
that a" conference is unnecessary and the American
Minister at Constantinople and the consul at Beirut
should be admonished to keep cool and not have the
navy sent on any more fool's errands.
A DECLINE OF HYSTERIA.
Hopolulu has determined to rid herself of myriads
of empty tin cans preliminary to. measures for free
ing herself of mosquitoes. Why not import innu
merable small boys and as many inoffensive cur dogs
and the thinj? is done.
THURSDAYw. SEPTEMBER 3, W3
JOHN D. STRECKELS. Proprietor.
Scdrct* *I! Communications to W. S. LEAIC.E. Monog«r.
TELEPHONE.
A** for THE CAIX. The Operator Will Connect
. You With, the- Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL BOOMS. ... .21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Pet Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Trrma W Mall. IncIu(Jin» Poetise (Cash With Order) s
DAILT CALL (lnclwltE* Sunday). on* year *fvw»
DAILT CALL (includinr Sunday). « month* *£**
DA/lLT CAiir-By BlnrU Monti* •**»«
SJJNDAT CAUU Om Tear ; *•**"
AVEEKLT CAJJL. On* Te«r 1 * w
' f Dtilr... fS.8O Per Tear Extra
FpREXGW POSTAGE < Sunday.. 4.15 Per Tear Extr»
• . . : I Weekly.. l.OO Per Year Extra
• " All Peitmuteri are ar-lborlied to receive
.'.'. ¦ '.: . . •ribvcrlptlon*.
¦ '• ¦ "fl*aipl» coplea will be forwarded when requerteO.
: Mail fcubscrtbe™ In ordertn* change of addreo ahould toe
panf«)ar to »lve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
.to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their reque«t.
¦-'/" . . •' • -OAKLAND OFFICE.
tixH Telephone Main 1OS3
: " BEIIKELEY OFFICE.
M.4S Center Street. Telephone Worth 77
C. GEORGE KnOGSTESS. Manager Foreign Adver.
•. : ... U«tn k. Marqoette Dolldtnir, Chlc«iro.
, • . .' (Loos ' Distance Telephone '•Central 2619.")
- . . WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRAKE.. ..i... 14O0 G Street, If. W.
.-' ¦"-'¦•¦¦ •".-:• KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEFffEX. B. SMITH 3O Trlbnn© Building-
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C- C. CAItLTON. . ; .Herald Square
. : " . : • NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
W«ldorf-A«torla Hotel- A. Brentano. 31 Union Square:
•Hurray Hill. Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
BRANCH OFFICES— -$27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:80 o" clock. 300 Hayea. open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
: McAMeter. open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
' »:SO o'clock. 1941 'Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
• Msrkct; corner Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1090 V»
' '•••¦• 'VncljL ; open until. 8 o'clock, 100 Eleventh, open unOl 9
o'clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
-un-tii 9- o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky.
opvn until • o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 0 o'clock.
While this phase of the question, in respect to
water, may be abridged in its seeming importance,
because the non-users are in a minority, the tax
ation of one man only for a benefit he does not share,
nor need to share, is a violation of his rights, which,
tolerated, may in other matters be indefinitely ex
tended so that large masses of taxpayers may be in
volved in confiscation. In the case of the Geary
street road there is no such mitigation. The large
majority are to be taxed for the benefit of a small
minority. The independence of our people began in
a protest against taxation without representation. Is
not taxation without benefit, or the possibility of
benefit, as bad, or worse?
Public ownership and administration of utilities was
not dreamed of by the statesmen who founded our
system and was left out of the calculations of those
who originated or adapted our scheme of municipal
government. Where it has long existed it is im
possible to ascertain its merits or its demerits be
cause its administration is merged so chaotically with
the purely political purposes of government that its
unraveling is the despair of accountants and actu
aries. Only one thing is known. Everywhere there
is extravagance and waste, which, so far as they are
measurable, prove that they equal corporate profits
in similar lines of business. When the cause of waste
is sought, the wisest advocates of public ownership
fc>in its wisest opponents in admitting that it lies
r.i separating the bonds for public plants and the
cost of their administration from the plants them
selves.
Recent investigations show that public utilities un
der city ownership are more costly than under pri
vate ownership. Chicago .runs a municipal electric
light plant A recent investigation by the city's ex
pert accountant discloses these facts: That during
the whole period of city ownership from 1888 to 1900
the average annual cost per arc light was $142 18, and
in one year it was $266 44. The private company
which supplies Cleveland charged only $94 80 per arc
light. The apparent cost per arc light supplied by
the public plant in Detroit is $78, but sinking fund,
interest and expenses charged off to the general fund
bring the cost up to ?oo 72 as -shown by the sifting
of the accounts by experts.
It will be seen that the taxpayer of Detroit was
deceived when told that his light was costing him the
lesser sum. That deception was made possible by
separating debt, interest and expense from the plant
and putting them upon the general fund. Surely
these experiences, which are common to the history
of public plants in every large city in the Union,
should teach and exhort this city and Oakland to
begin the public utility policy in the right way, which
is the business way.
Besides this there is a question of confiscatory tax
ation involved. Why should property remote from
the Geary street road be taxed to acquire and run
it as a public enterprise when it has no share in its
benefits and no use of the public convenience which
it supplies? ' Why should all the taxpayers south
of Market have their tax burden, already heavy, in
creased to supply those who live on the Geary street
road the means of transportation? Are the Geary
street people doing anything for those who live and
pay taxes south of Market street? No, they in no
way reciprocate, nor propose to reciprocate. So in
Oakland there is a very large number of taxpayers
who have their own water supply. The private water
company in that city does not reach them. It can
not charge them anything. They are beyond its
control. If citv water bonds are based upon the
plant to be created by them these non-users will con
th.ue to be independent, but if the bonds are a lien
upon the city every taxpayer must contribute whether
he is a user or a non-user.
I * I "»HE charter of this city provides that it may go
I into various branches of business by the pur
¦*• chase or creation of public utilities. That term
, had in the beginning a definite and restricted mean
ing, but its meaning is now indefinitely extended. In
the experience of New Zealand it is taken to mean
public ownership of lands and the founding and ad
ministration of life insurance, the guarantee of work
and wages with the state as an employer, and a long
list of other things that were once considered far
beyond the purpose of government.
We are just entering upon a policy that elsewhere
has worked out to disuse or exhaustion. New Zea
land has borrowed money on her general credit for
the pushing of her business enterprises and is in
such a condition that failures and deficits are not
chargeable to the business in which they occur, but
pass on to the state and burden the general credit
until public creditors are clamoring for their money
or are protesting against further impairment of their
security. %
ST. HELENA WILL EXTEND ROYAL
WELCOME TO THE NATIVE-SONS
CAPTAIN BARR— Reader. City. ' Cap
tain Barr of the Reliance was born in
Gourock. Scotland, July 11. 1S64....
PROSPECTOR'S GUIDE-W, T. K:. .
Chinese Camp. Cal. The prospector-* .
guide asked about can be procured
through any first-class book dealer. : . .
"VOTES CAST— Subscriber. Sacranjento. .
Cal At the general election held In Cali
fornia in November, 1902, George C. Par
dee received 146.332 votes and Franklin K. .
Lane M3 7S3. W. W. Shannon for State
Printer received 161,243. and E. I. Wood
man 110.613- ' . ¦•. '..'' :'¦'.
THE PINKERTONS-L. W. T. and L, •
D T City. W. A. Plnkerton, detective,
left this city for the Orient March 11.
1903. The biographies published. t>f this'
Pinkerton make no mention of any- sons
during his married life. Robert A. Pin
kerton. hi? brother, was born In -Dundee..
111. V :.-• '.-:, • •¦•
FIRE ESCAPE— L. F.. Oakland. Cal, If
you have an idea In relation to a fire es
cape that you either wish to patent or
dispose of you should consult some re
liable attorney or agent who handles pat
ents. There are several. In San Francis
co, but this department cannot advertise
them. . ' . - ;
LYNCH LAW— S., City. Charle»,£.Inch
or Lynch, a Virginia planter and colonel,
who was bom in 1736 and. died in lTX, Is.
said to have set himself; In conjunction
with two neighbors, to secure good order
by punishing offenders with stripes or.
banishment without the process- of law..
This treatment of lawbreakers was called
"Lynch law." The term Is now appiled
to rough Justice by a mob. substituted for
the regular operation ot law. ' _ •
PRESIDENT'S CABINET- iilss "R..
City. The members of President Roose
velt's Cabinet at. the date of your inquiry.
August 26, were: John. Hay, Secretary of
State; L. M- Shaw, of the Treasury: E.
Root, of War; P. C. Kr.ox, Attorney Gen
eral; H. C. Payne. Postmaster General:
W. H. Moody, Secretary, of the. Navy;
E. A. Hitchcock, of the' Interior;- Jamea
Wilson, of Agriculture, and G. E. Cortel
you, of Commerce. Secretary Root of" the
War Department has resigmed,_ arid Judge
Taft of the . Philippine Commission has
been appointed to succeed htm.- ¦ *'•
ITEMS OF INTEREST
"What did you steal that cradle for?"
asked the police magistrate,. : •
"Oh, Just for a kid,", replied the pris
oner, who was lost to all sense, of shame'.
—Chicago News. : . .'_.•.
The old lady had just dropped a coin In
the beggar's outstretched hand. ? "Yqu .
ought to say 'thank you,*." she' suggested.
"What! for a nickel?" he I. retorted.— • ;'
Chicago Evening Post. ¦"-';¦ -"••'-
"Suppose you succeed In. owning* the"
earth." said the abrupt man,. "what good'
will it do you?" "Well." answered the
trust, promoter. "I'm naturally *a man .of
hospitable instincts. There will be.a kind
of satisfaction In feeling that I am- per-'
mitting other people to' inhabit this
globe."— "Washington Star. *
Unselfish goodness Is seldom appreclat-'.
ed In this world of our3. . There was that. '
man in the electric car, -for ¦ instance.
Having rung up three- fares in hl3;pfTort;* : ..
to stop the car for the woman. that sat on •.
the opposite side,' he tossed after her tha. «
umbrella .that belonged to the- little gray- .
whiskered man on his right. Neither ttiti- ¦
gray whiskered man -nor. the conductor
liked the thoughtful Samaritan for his al- -
trulstlc efforts.— Boston Transcript.
Townsend's California glace fruit* and
candles. 50c a pound.- in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st., above Call bhig. •
Special information supplied" dally to
business houses and public men "by. the
Press Clipping Bureau <Allen*s). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. ' * .
to down him. Of course, if the issue be made upon
the policies of protection to American industry, both
on land and, on the sea, Senator Hanna will hardly
need to take the stump, for the people of Ohio have
time and again declared themselves in favor of both
the one and the other. It is, perhaps, for that rea
son the Democratic campaigners have decided to
make the fight this year not so much against those
policies as against the personality of a man whose
successes in business and in politics may be sup
posed to have caused enmities and envies that will
incline a good many discontented people to vote
agaipst him just for spite's sake.
Whatever may be the differences of opinion con
cerning the expediency of making a personal fight
against Senator Hanna, it will be admitted by all that
such a fight is very small politics. With Bryan de
nouncing Cleveland as a "bunko steerer" and Tom
Johnson denouncing Hanna as the "heavy villain"
of American life, it is not strange the conservative
Democrats have resolved to save their party from
such leaders at the next national convention, or
leave it forever.
PUBLIC UTILITY BONDS.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1903.
6
Me-ows of a Kitty;
' I "* HAT line above caught and chained your attention t& this article.*
I didn't it? Why? Not merely because it was startling or facetious.
•*¦ unusual or bizarre, but because — because it was» about a CAT.
That might seem an utterly absurd reason, now that it is brought home
to you so boldly, but it isn't It. is the most natural reason in the world
because — well — because everybody is interested in cats, particularly; those .
who hate them most. Why? That is one of the mysteries of the ages,
that has never b€en explained. Like the riddle of the sphinx, it bids! fair
to be an eternal mystery, because like the sphinx a cat — any old cat—
will attract and hold your interest as nothing else can, cvenin ipite of
yourself. ¦ .¦""'"
Through all the ages, in various countries/ cats have been" yen-*
erated as a diety. Deep in its nature is the spirit of the.unfathQnjible.
Take notice for yourself, no matter how fond you may be of yo;ur own
household tabby, there are times when it creeps into your presence with
an air of the uncanny in every sly, snake-like movement Again. brus.h
its shiny coat in the dark and every hair will emit an electric* spark. • In
all the vast literary lore that clusters about it. it stands with equal adapt-
ibility for truth and falsehood. Purring lazily in the chimney corner it'
is the very embodiment of eternal calm and irreproachable dignity.
And yet how quick a fiendish metamorphosis. may be wrought No mat-
ter how tame, it can never be quite trusted. . Like half truths., it is <oo-^
tinually engaged in disarming suspicion, as for instance: ; • • .
"All the world loves a lover except the girl he is. chasing." :" .; •
"Love controls the matrimonial market, but money ;often cor-
ners it" ••;'.¦'. '¦¦ .' . : . : . : ' ' ."
- 4 "A man who boasts of his morality needs watching." . -.'¦( . :
"Love is often" a poor paying hot-air investment." .. : • •• >" .. •
"Memory is both the hope and despair of life.** . • . r • .'* " .;
However, that is quite enough to illustrate the point in question,
namely the mystery and attractiveness of cats. If you want to hear,
more— and of course you do— any time, all the time— you will see the
big picture of the particular feline about which the above is written «nd
read the strange article that goes therewith in the next -Sunday Ca}l. *
Even more fascinating arc the two pages of ''Half-Hour Storiette's."
"In the Mystic Wake- of the Red Canoe is one that you will rea.d with
distinct pleasure, nor will you be able to overlook "The -Wild Flight "of
Cupid and the Comet." Odd titles, eh? Yes. Bat they're both attairjt..
exciting stories. And there are others, you may. be *sure. ¦'Tatters."
"Elsie's Gray Hat." "A Modern Pandora." "Finding of H-ef "* "Victims
of a Recoil." "Fables for the Foolish," "Aphorisms From '.the- : Silver
Poppy," "Fads and Phrases." "The Oracle of Mulberry Center/' • ete.
These are not only unusual titles, but each is at the- top- of a. clever,
thrilling, new and novel story. You'll read every one of them, -anti rnore t '
because there is much more to read. Take note further. .' •' - :
There is a full-page story by Josephine Dodge Daskam. who", as every- .
body knows, won vast fame for her stories about children— not -merely
• namby-pamby child stories, but real flesh and blood, children, ¦ Just
watch for "Ardeha in Arcadia" if you don't know the sort that Miss.
Daskam writes about. You'll laugh until your sides ache. * •. .
Then there is "Old John Gorgon Graham's Alphabet." This is t!ie
most original creation ever penned. Will you laugh? Yes. And do"
some serious thinking: besides long before you get down to X, Y, Z.
And then there is the third installment of "Brewster's Millions." .
which tells what that sorely perplexed but dead game young man didto
make up for lost time after his long, serious illness to spend— actually
spend — not dissipate^ — his uncle's million in one short year to inherit six
more. He rushed off to the Mediterranean, .nd— well just get The Sunday
Call and read for yourself. It is an installment that makes a complete-
story in itself. You don't have to know what went before to be fasci-
nated, enthralled. -""•.'.-. . *
Then there is a Sea Monster that gobbled forty-five tons at one
gobble. Its right here in California waters, too. Can't possibly guess'
what it is. Easiest way is to buy a paper and find out from the pictures.
It's a wf-'* r . .
j , T , h^l. ther » is the secon d page of "The Wonderful Kingdom of Won-
j *j! « • nt^ ,r~ hut !t w ould take as much space as the whole Sun-
day Call itself to tell you about everything. , .
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1003, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to' secure one-
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.Guy St. Claire and J. O'Brien, who were
convicted by Police Judge Mogan on a
charge of petty larceny, were each sen
tenced yesterday to serve thirty days in
the County Jail. They tricked P. S.
Croops, a visitor from Merced, out of $6 50
and his watch at the Ocean Beach on
August 25 in a card swindle. The Judge
said he would have given them six
months each if it" had not been their first
offense.
Card Sharpers Sentenced.
At a meeting of the Sunset Improve
ment Club, held on Wednesday evening,
a suggestion was offered by President
Edward Ewald, which- was accepted by
the club, to the effect that instead of
voting for a bond issue, as is proposed,
amendments to the charter would be an
easier way of securing the necessary
funds for city improvements. In the sug
gestion offered President Ewald recom
mends that a slight increase on the dollar
limit be added yearly until the necessary
improvements are accomplished. Particu
lar stress is laid on the need of keeping
the public streets and "Sidewalks in good
condition and also adopting a system of
general sewerage.
Suggests Charter Amendments.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 2.-John W.
Dunn, assistant auditor of the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition, has arrived in
Washington with three steel trunks full
of vouchers of expenditures by the ex
position. There are 7000 of these docu
ments, with accompanying papers, and
are all stored in room 366, Treasury De
partment, where eleven expert treasury
accountants are engaged in their exami
nation. The 7000 documents represent ex
penditures of $5,000,000. Before these have
been examined and passed upon there will
arrive from St. Louis vouchers represent
ing further expenditures of $3,000,000, mak
ing a total of $8,000,000. It is expected that
the examination will be concluded within
a week. The work is in charge of Chief
Clerk Hills.
When the exposition company has satis
fied Secretary Shaw that it has expended
$10,000,000 of its own money in construct
ing the great show the Secretary will per
mit the company to begin the use of the
$5,000,000 appropriation made. by Congress
in aid of the concern. The act of Con
gress making the appropriation of $5,000,
000 cited that the money would' be avail
able when the company had produced evi
dence that it had expended $10,000,000. By
October 1 it is expected that the $10,000,000
limit will have been reached and the" ex
penditures demonstrated to the satisfac
tion of Secretary Shaw.
St. I*ouis Exposition Managers Ac
count for Expenditures.
TRUNKS FULL OF VOUCHERS.
Denies Brother's Charges.
John H. Fowler, executor of the $100,000
estate of his sister, Cornelia Willoughby,
yesterday filed an answer to the contest
of her will filed by his brother. Nathaniel
Fowler. He denies that when the will
was made Mrs. Willoughby's mind wa3
unsound or that the document is the re
sult of the use of any influence by him
He admits writing the will and says that
he did so at the request "of his sister and
in accordance with her wishes.
Marries a Belle of Gilroy.
GILROY, Sept. 2.-The marriage of Miss
Josephine Clavere, eldest daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Jean Clavere, and Harry Edgar
Mills of San Luis Ranch, Merced County,
was solemnized here to-day by Rev. Fath
er Hudson. The ceremony was performed
in the presence of the relatives and im
mediate friends of the couple at the home
of the bride's parents. The couple took
the evening train for Santa Cruz.'
of her sister, Mrs. Vrooman, who gave
a pleasant reception for her on Monday
afternoon at her home, 2205 Ridgeroad,
Berkeley. Mrs. Black was entertained
yesterday at the Bohemian Club and
Century Club in this city.
• -¦.-¦" ••. : v ;-'•
Dr. Arnold Genthe is expected to return
from his trip to Arizona and New Mexico
on September 10.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin left last evening
with her son, Walter Martin, for Oregon
where she has business Interests. Mrs!
Martin will later proceed eastward,
where she will be the guest of her son',
Peter Martin, and pay her respects to the
Martin baby.
• • '•
Miss Alice. Herrin has returned from
Europe with her father, William F. Her
rin, and has been much benefited in
health by the trip.
Mrs. George Gibbs will probably return
to Tahoe to-day.
• ¦; •' ?; •
Mrs. George Hooper and Rose Hooper
have moved into their home on Gough
street, near Vallejo. '-.'.'^
The Bernard Paytons have taken the
Foute house on California street for the
comlnc season.
• • •
Mrs. Edward Ackerman, wife of tho
manager of the California Theater, re
turned yesterday from an extended so
journ at Paso Robles Springs and in
Southern California. Mrs. Ackerman
spent an enjoyable week at Coronado
Beach and afterward visited friends in
Riverside,' Pasadena, Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara. Mr. and Mrs. Ackerman
contemplate a trip to Lake Tahoe shortly.
The opinion was rendered by Judge
McFarland and confirmed by Judge
Shaw, Judge Van Dyke, Judge Lorigan
and Judge Angellottl.
In the Supreme Court the order ap
pealed from is affirmed in the case of
J. W. Morehouse, plaintiff, versus Clara
Morehouse, administratrix of the estate
of Le Grand Morehouse, deceased. This
was in relation to the Rag Canyon Ranch
In Napa County, California.
Morehouse Case Is iDecided.
. A further search will be made to-day,
when the park authorities will be asked
to give aid in the matter.
After school on the afternoon of their
disappearance the boys were playing with
other children and told their playmates
of their intention to go to the park and
shoot birds with a slungshot.
The little fellows started on their jour
ney, since which time there has not been
a trace of them, l^annon and Mrs. Ly
don Informed the police of the disappear
ance of the lads and yesterday the rela
tives of the boys began a search for them.
Investigation in the park failed to throw
light on the mystery and it Is now feared
that the boys may have fallen and loat
their lives in one of the lakes of the park.
Roger O'Connor, aged 9 years, son of
Roger O'Connor, an employe of the Palace
Hotel, and living with his aunt, Mrs. G.
Lydon, 2009 O'Farrell street, and Jerome
Lannon, aged 6 years, son of W. F. Lan
non of 2130 O'Farrell street, have been
missing from their respective homes since
Tuesday afternoon.
Roger O'Connor and Jerome Lannon
Go on Bird Hunt and Are
Missing.
DISAPPEARANCE OF BOYS
CAUSES PARENTS ANXIETY
D. A. Roberts filed a libel yesterday in
the United States District Court against
the French bark L'Hermite to recover
$102 damages alleged to have been sus
tained to a cargo of Scotch granite
through the negligence of the ship's mas
ter. William Wolfe & Co. filed a libel
against the same vessel to recover $287
for whisky damaged by the fumes of. am
monia sulphate, and J. R. Mltcheil of
Woodland nled a libel for $123 damage
done to a 'shipment of granite from the
same cause.
Libels Against L'Hermite.
Preparations for the excursion "and
picnic to El Campo on Monday, September
7,, arranged for the benefit of the^Slsters
of St. Catherine's, Benicia, are now com
pleted and the outing' promises to be en
joyable. In order that those of the city
desiring to attend the picnic may have
quick transportation to El Campo the
committee on arrangements has secured
the services of the launch, the McNeill
Flyer, which will leave Clay-street wharf,
San Francisco, at 9 a. m., 11 a. m. and 1
p. m.; leavihg El Campo at 4 p. m. and
5:30 p. m., or at the convenience of visit
ors to the picnic.
For Benefit of St. ' Catherine's.
I wish to suggest a method, and I sincerely
believe the only method by which we will ever
get our share of the commerce of South Amer
ican and South African countries and of the
Islands lying south of the equator. The policy
which resulted In creating? the commerce of
the Pacific slope was subsidizing lines of com
munication with the Pacific slope. When the
first transcontinental lines of railway were
built there was not sufficient commerce to pay
operating expenses, to say nothing of dividends
on Investments. Few business men and fewer
politicians objected to government aid to trans
continental lines during the development period
ot the commerce along these lines. These rail
ways need no assistance now. No business
man objects to Government aid to the com
merce of our navigable rivers, and no political
party objects to large expenditures of non-nav
igable streams Improvements to rivers and
harbors Is subsidy to the commerce of rivers
and harbors. If we ever secure the trade of
the countries to which I have referred, we
will first secure regular lines of communication
with these countries, and If we ever secure
these lines assistance must be afforded. Who
of you, owning a steamship, would divert It
from participation in trans-Atlanft commerce
where there is much to be done, and send It
on regular trips to countries where we have
little or no commerce?
Do not misunderstand me. I am not mourn
ing the defeat of any ship subsidy bill, but I
shall mourn exceedingly the defeat of a bill,
if any such shall ever be introduced, which,
if enacted, would insure regular lines of Amer
ican ships, flying the American flag, and carry
ing American merchants and commercial trav
elers with their wares and merchandise, the
product of American labor, into those countries
to which I have referred. Such a bill must
offer special advantages to ships plying be
tween our ports and countries where our trade
is undeveloped.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2.— Two hundred busi
ness men from all parts of the country
listened .to Secretary of the Treasury
Shaw talk on "The Business Outlook" at
a banquet given to-night at the Audi
torium Hotel by the National- Association
of Merchants and Travelers. Lyman J.
Gage addressed the association on the
same subject Just before his retirement
from the Treasury Department and great
interest was attached to tho speech to
night of the present Secretary. In his
discussion of the financial question Secre
tary Shaw declared that what was need
ed was not an elastic dollar, but some
provisions by which, automatically, the
aggregate volume of dollars should in
crease whenever and wherever more dol
lars were needed and would as promptly
retire when not needed. He said in part:
TO those who are comparing 1903 with 1893,
and who think history likely to repeat
Itself every ten years, permit the suggestion
of a few radical differences In conditions. , Ten
years ago, whether wisely or unwisely, wheth
er with or without foundation In fact or rea
son, a very large number, and of that number
many close students of commercial and indus
trial conditions, believed our then financial
system not only unsafe, but absolutely vicious.
At least four kinds of money — United States
notes, treasury notes, silver dollars and silver
certificates — were believed to be dangerously
near depreciation. Grave doubts existed, and
were freely expressed, whether the Secretary of
the Treasury could maintain the parity of these
forms of money if he chose, and equally grave
doubts existed as to the wisdom of attempting
to maintain their parity. Aye, a very respect
able number of very good people, and a very re
spectable portion of a very good public press,
openly advocated the redemption of greenbacks
In silver and the refusal to exchange gold for
any form of money except gold certificates.
No euch doubt or desire now exists. By ex
press statute it has become the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to maintain the
parity with gold of all forms of money coined
or issued by the Government, and express
authority 1b given to negotiate loans. If neces
sary, for that purpose. *n other words, the
Secretary of the Treasury Is directed to ex
change gold for any and every kind and form
of money coined or issued by the United States,
and to bond the Government to the last limit
of his authority whenever such action is neces
sary to the maintenance of parity. A man is a
fool who sends his money Into hiding now.
It Is true that a very respectable number of
very good people, and in that number I desire
to be classed, believe our financial system,
good as it is, might be Improved by adding an
element of elasticity. I do not think there ex
ists any great number who believe we should
have an inflation. Eight years ago we had
$21 per capita. Now we have certainly more
than $29 and probably nearly $30 per capita.
Conservative business men and conservative
bankers do not generally consider this an in
sufficient normal minimum volume of curren
cy. I repeat, the only criticism now offered
relates to the want of elasticity. Not that a
dollar can be made elastic, but that the vol
ume shall be made responsive to the demands
of business. Of course the term is a misnomer.
Elastic majterial like rubber will expand in
one direction, but it contracts in the oppo
site direction, while the material, the volume,
is neither increased nor diminished. What is
needed Is not an elastic dollar, but some pro
vision by which, automatically, the aggregate
volume of dollars shall Increase whenever and
wherever more dollars are needed, and will as
promptly retire when not needed. • • •
The reunion came to ( a close to-night
with a campflre at the People's Church.
Governor Van Zant made an address in
behalf of the State and General Irving
Hale, retiring president of the Army of
the Philippines, responded. Captain Mail
ley also made an address and informal
talks were given by General King. Gen
eral Reeve, Colonel Metcalf and others.
ST. PAUL, Sept. 2.— The day for the
parade of the Army of the Philippines
dawned with cloudy and threatening
skies, and shortly before the hour set for
the start a drizzle of rain began to fall.
Nevertheless the programme waa carried
out and, headed by General C. McC.
Reeve as grand marshal, a column about
3000 strong marched through the down
town streets.
The Society of the Army of the Phil
ippines, under command of Brigadier
General Hale, was the last of the military
bodies In line, but by far the most im
posing. At the head of It rode Generals
Hale and King and Colonel Metcalf. They
marched well and were greeted with
cheers and waving hats all along the line.
At the business session this afternoon
officers were elected as follows:
President, General Charles King, Wisconsin;
first vice president. Colonel J. "W. Pope, Colo
rado; second vice president. Captain C. Locke,
Colorado; third vice president, Captain M.
Shute, St. Paul; fourth vice president. Captain
H. A. "Crowe, Pennsylvania: fifth vice presi
dent. Colonel W. S. Metcalf. Kansas; secretary,
A. E. Fouts, Missouri ' treasurer, J. E. White,
Illinois; chaplain. Captain James M. Mallley,
Nebraska.
Imposing Column in Parade
Is Feature of the
Reunion.
Secretary Points Out the
Benefits of a Ship Sub
sidy Bill.
Placed at Head of the
Philippine War
Veterans.
Deals With the Coun
try's Present Finan
cial Problems.
GENERAL KING
IS PRESIDENT
SHAW DISCUSSES
MONEY QUESTION
PARIS s«. p t 2 — Intense he»t has prevailed
•n'l'arig 'sinre Sunday. The thermometer r*K
l^tctxl so ,:, Fr ,. ( .-- and several sunstrokes, two
of .which were fatal, were caused by the heat.
• The United States Civil Service Commis
sion announces an examination on Sep
tftnber 29" at San Francisco to fill a va
v-a.ncy 1n position of draughtsman, quali
ii< d as typewriter; salary $1000 per annum.
Persons .who desire to compete should
•apply to the United States Civil Service
¦CommlFsion. Washington. D. C. or to tne
f '•'•retary of the Consolidated Board Civil
Service Examiners, 301 Jackson street.
application form 1312. which should
[be properly executed and filed with the
¦Commission' at Washington.
: . Draughtsman for Civil Service.
- '".\Y3lriam..;A: Hansen. a dentjst, who re
.*ide» .in the middle flat at 4S8 Eddy street,
implied at the Central Emergency Hos
pital yesterday for treatment for bruises
lof/j&e head, face 'arid • arms, which he al-
Hges. nc received at. the hands of a fel
ioyt [tenant '¦ napaed "Jack" : White, who
'live*' in the lower flat. r:
•". 'The trouble 1 is said, to ha,ve arisen over
ih« fact ,t-hat the dentist is constructing
;i "btiat in, : the basement of the flat and
.that the noise of his operation disturbed
rlie be&cti and quiet of White. He ob
.ifcted...in vigorous language and the
dentist replied In kind, whereupon, it is
claimed. White locked the door to the
taserhent and administered a severe beat
.itiB. to -the. boat-building tooth doctor.
" Hansen says as soon as he recovers
Vufficicntly: he will swear out a warrant
.against his alleged assailant and prose
ijfute" him.- ..*-•;
I>r. .Hansen Claims He Was As
saujted 1 by Fellow Tenant Over
';-. ¦¦";¦;¦ i Construction of a Boat.
BEATS DENTIST BECAUSE
¦ HE BUILDED TOO NOISILY
At -a pretty home wedding last even
ing Miss Bess Virginia Taylor, daughter
of Captain and Mrs. Thomas G. Taylor,
became the bride of H. L. E. Meyer Jr.,
son of Captain and Mrs. Herman L.. K.
Meyer. The ceremony -was performed by
Rev. F. W. Clampett in the presence of
a limited number of invited guests.
The Taylor residence at 1911 Pine street
was elaborately decorated for the,occa
sion. Pink and white was the color
scheme throughout the drawing-rooms.
The couple stood in a rustic arbor hung
with asters tied with bows of pink rib
bon, while in the fishnet overhead asters
were also entwined. Yellow asters deco
rated the second drawing-room, where the
bride's table with pink and white tub
erous begonias was arranged. Foliage
was used exclusively in the dining-room
and the hall was in green with pink amo
ryllis.
The bride was attractive in white panne
crepe and a rllmy tulle veil. She carried
lilies of the valley. Miss Tibbie Taylor,
sister of the bride and maid of honor,
was gowned in white and carried pink
lilies. The bridesmaids. Miss Laura Tay
lor, sister of the' bride, and Miss Anita
Meyer, sister of the groom, wore pink
chiffon and carried pink lilies. W. H.
Meyer, the groom's brother, was best
man. The ushers were Thomas G. Taylor
Jr. and Dr. Lawrence Draper.
After the wedding trip to Southern Cal
ifornia Mr. and Mrs. Meyer will reside at
2599 Pacific avenue in this city.
The wedding of Miss Rowena Bertha
Clarke, daughter of Dr. and Mrs. B. P.
Clarke, and Clayton Theodore Cunning
ham last evening was a pretty home af
fair. The nuptial knot was tied by the
Rev. W. M. White at the home of the
bride's parents on Devisadero street.
The bride was charmingly gowned in
white moussellne de sole with lace and
chiffon. She wore no veil, but carried
Bride roses. Her only attendant was Miss
Kthel Clarke, who wore a dainty gown
of white rnousseline de sole over pink and
carried pink roses. Charles Remschel
was best man. . '/'. ¦'.¦
The bridal party stood beneath a lov
ers' knot of white tulle and asparagus.
White carnations and asters were ax
ranged about the drawing-room. The din
ing-room was decorated entirely in red
and foliage predominated in the hall.
Mr. and Mrs. Cunningham will go to
Southern California for their honeymoon,
but will return to this city and take up
their residence in the Richmond district.
Miss Jean "Wileon became the bride of
William Townley yesterday morning in
the presence of a large number of guests.
The marriage waa celebrated at old St.
Mary's Church at 3:30 by Rev. Father
Stark. The bride •wore her going away
gown of tan cloth and carried a white
prayer book, as did also her attendant,
Miss Emma Townley. Robert Laydon
was best man. O. H. Hickei, uncle of the
bride, gave her into the keeping of the
groom. The ceremony was followed by
nuptial mass. A reception for fifteen
guests was held at the home of Mrs. O.
H. Hickei after the marriage at the
church.
Mr. and Mrs. Townley have gone to Sac
ramento for their honeymoon and will re
side at 39 Avery avenue, this city, upon
their return.
• • •
Mrs. John A. Black, wife of Commander
In Chief Black of the Grand Army, is be
ing extensively entertained during her
visit to the coast, lire. Black is the guest
. Auditot Baehr Ascertains That
§585» 25 Has Already Been Ex
:••'••.-•.'. : ¦ pendea on the Investigation.
.-Auditor Baehr after inquiry yesterday
Ascertained ; that the experting of books
in the Board of Public Works and County
Clerk's '.'department toy the Hassell Audit
•Coifipaiiy ha.s already cost the city S5S59 25.
Included. in.this amount Is an item of J1050
f xpinded for the which was brlgln
ajly.set aside for the investigation of
books of quasi-public corporations. Baehr
holds- that this: money should not have
•Jic-cn • usfed by the Finance Committee of
the- Board: of. Supervisors for experting
the" books bf the city departments. An-
ZfAhtT itfroof ;$50 for stationery. Baehr
••¦h'o'13*. 'isjrteguiar:.. ¦
• :The r/erna-Jnder of the total expenditures
"irfcludes 1 J1506 appropriated last year for
; tl>e work, J1S12 50 used out of the urgent
¦¦necessity fund for cxpertlng the books of
¦^eTauUing ex-Cashier A\*hite and U746 75
.luseii "in. the last -two months out of an ap
: jircirjatjon of $2000, leaving $253 25 stljl un
¦f'xpf-hded, though " that amount •will be
•¦:«>e«i-' up ih ten days, as the experts are
stiii.at, work. ' ¦ ' - J ; :
EXPEBTIJIG OF PtTBLIC
¦ : • ; BECOEDS COMES HIGH
: "l>e\-3n-Wa9 well known in Satter Creek
Veveril vears ¦ ago arid, atler coining to
•Ihiscily,: started the Howard-street busi
¦jiessi Debts; according to the story told
to tbe jiollce .by. Ws wife, bothered him
and' hte drank much land gambled. One
Welc-. ago -Saturday he informed his wife
that be was about to close the store and
jomovethe goods to his home for the pur
rose -of .peddling them about the streets.
Oa^Jip.nday- morning: when leaving his
Wlte .fee again expressed his Intention to
j-ibse.tbe store and since then she has
r.ot^s^eo 1 Mm or heard from him.
•Safry Levin,' -'Second-Hand Dealer,
;. Globes/ fiis Store and De
', V ; ."¦'¦•¦ farts: From Town.
Hdrry. Levtn; a second-hand dealer, -who
-Ultlfl' tw'ii *'(".'* ¦, ago conducted a business.
ktToirth and Howard -streets, has dlsap
"fGattQ trom.xhls clli\ leaving a wife and
1 bfcjdfciultnte ¦. children "behind him. Just
•VrevJcJusUo his departure Levin di5posed
rfih-Ss business and- took the. proceeds of
rtie sale :^tti htm. The police have been
ratified ©ijd are making an effort to locate
the .'rftan. . It -is ° supposed that he is in
Settle or P,artland. as he is said to have
iitaded' that way. . . ' . ¦
DAINTY COLORS
ADD BEAUTY TO
WEDDINGSCENE
tEAVES. HIS FAMILY HT
J3.ZSTITUTZ CIBCTJBISTANCZS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1903.
7
1 • ¦ ' * '.
7\* ,.^, To SEPT. 12 "™-.
CALIFORNIA'S GREAT 4ffilCULTUML;
Horticultural, 0 livestock
_ ¦ r Exposition.
jwopafiofiiuNNiNe s ffARNES5 Racing r
fefcibiU (Serried free. s g\i||g|
SYMPHONY CONCERTS
FRITZ SCHJEL, director;
GRAND OPERA HOUSE. ¦:
Auspices of the 3. F. Symphony. Society. ' !
Concert •very Tuesday at 3 p. m. . . • ' . ' " •
Prices ot seats 0.0c. *1. »1 25. |1 50.
special ! Important i A
TWO GRAND POPUL-\il and ¦WAGNER -
CONCERTS. ¦ ' " ¦¦¦/¦/.,'
MECHANICS' PAVILION V
: fritz scheitl. UJwctw/: ••• - : :¦¦
S. F. SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA^ :"5 mtisieiahs.'
LABOR DAY. MONDAY. Sept. 7,' at a p.m."
ADMISSION DAY. WEDNESDAY. Sept. ; 8.-
¦ at 3 p. m. . ¦ " ¦." . ; . •. •
POPULAR MUSIC. " .POPULAR PRICES. ':
(Look (or protramm* la the next Sunday'* -
papers.) " • ¦.¦".•'¦
Prtces 25c. 60c, 73c. . • : : • '• •
Tickets for sals at SHERMAN A- CLA"Y"3 -
music store and at the PAVILION and GRAND
OPERA HOUSE on. days of • concerts. " . *
See dally papers for programmes of .popular'
concerts. • . ¦ ; . . ¦¦ - ' • . .'•: ' -
TIVOLISS^i
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
. M TO-NIGriT... V
Saturday Matinee and Suri4a.y Night,. .- .-;. '
Donltettl'a Great Opera. ...'¦.: •-.
"LUCIA Dl LAMMERMOpR."
Friday and " Saturday "Nights, the Vefdl JJa*,';
. texp^ece l .• ' ¦. .- .-¦'.'¦ '.:
Next "Week — VFausl.'.' WtQi Sigriorina T-itja d»-
¦ Spada as Marguerite, and" •'IligrJJlettO;'.' .¦. '¦¦¦¦
Popular Prices as Usual/ .,..25c,- S0c/ 7fc:
Telephone ffush-0. . ' ; ..'. v • - ; .
it T ATI A nr A T> Belasco & Mayer;
ALCAZAR ED p^^:
. o?n. ji«t. .; -"-
T0-N10HT— «SATini:2:-.TO-DAT. ;
; THIS \VE£UC AND. NEXT.. ¦ .; : V '.
"She jastlfled the enthusiasm^"— Chronicl*.'.:
FLORENCE
ROBERTS" C
• In the First Local Production cf ¦ ' ' •
THE UNWELCOME MK. HATCH.
•'Mrs.' Hatch -Is very welcome In. San Fraa-
.clsco." — Examiner. ¦ .. •. " • . •
Ergs., 25c to 75e: Matinees. ¦ 15c to 'SOc. > '
6EPT. 10—^Flrat . TTrursday Maittaee. of
. CAnnunzlo's GIOCONDA. " . *.".
: , •: When Night Prices Prevail. .. •
'"-•.- NEARING THE gND OF .: . '
I" "QUO VASS ISS" and ' • - : " • ' • .1
"THE BIG LITTUE PRINCESS"^ I
For Next Monday. Night Comes* .
"THE CON-QUERERS". and.- "THE GLAD
HAND."' ". . •¦' .
Both Excruciatingly Funny.- "•
¦ • Our "AU-Star"- Cast. Includlns' •"
KOLB AND DILL; - ¦ < • :
BARXEY BERNARD.— " •" .-"-
• "WINFIELD BLAKE. . • .' •"„ -J
" HARRY. HERMSEN. ¦ : • '• .
MAUDE AMBER. " '. "• •".. ; r.V T
ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC., ETC. . • • '• '
RESERVED .SEATS— Nights. 25e/ WVr and.
75c: Saturday and' Sunday Matttiees. 25c-- and
5Oc; Children at Mattnaes.- 10c and'JZSc, • •• *.
Hud-Class Speclalttes Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater. - '
TO-NIGHT. I • • .'
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE i
¦' : '"-. Concluding- "With — — •' ".'
I :- •} NEW UVIN.G PICTURES. * •
TAKE A TRIP "DOWN THE FLUME."-.
VISIT •THE-i— '¦'-¦ • -. '
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
ADMISSION. ........ .10c | CHILDREN. : ; ge '
LECTUBES AND CONCZST3, .'
TO-DAY : • "*
Reserve your seats at 'THAT MAN PITTS."
1008 Market street, for ¦ . ; ; . : .. • •
/flfir«2$xigMfy$& Crowded houses every
HumiT . . i picraiciTT .
Followed by Dr." Mclvor-Tyndall's • demon-
strations In thought reading. . •
Ticket*. 25c. 5Oc and 75c. • ' '
MISCELLAJTEOUS. : ,
PaijirP DON'T FAIL TO
1 aiUWW Bce beautiful-
t COURT Lounging
/.till rooin, the EMPIRE
ailU PARLOR, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
itf/ilifl LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR, and the LA-
H i | DIES' WRITING
[ Hotels 1 r° om
Ea W3B£m h. Vrtmm,: th ra Ma> lnl
K vSBs A B 99 JsL^*Wg!
II b j g - j ij tag »r a jj
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will dose on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested io pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
_^ •; _MISCELIiAlTEOTJS.
pa^BBB^wimmnrt MAGNIFICENT, LARGE, DAYLIGHT CARPET FLOOR •¦ ¦"¦ ¦*¦. ' « ' ¦ ¦¦¦ m
dealers !N carpet qh^j iiruf CAII nflDDCTO
: ; FORM A LOCAL COMBINE jf^f f^H bAKPt I 0
| V . l'.or the purpose of maintaining i
fiigft prices and regulating the re- ' AT
.ta-tf carpet trade in this city a com- 1Z> jT\ T^ T^ {~^% ¥ Fh^ T^J *
bination. has been formed among * ** * * *^ * *-^< A "^*
| ten bf the largest carpet dealing AT LAST SEASON'S LOW PRICES
establishments in the City. The downtown installment houses have formed a combination
¦ ¦ ; RAISE THEEB PHICES. and raised the prices of carpets from loc to 50c a yard on the dif-
• • Almost immediitelv after the *«"ent makes of carpets.
1 /vnipst immediate!} alter tie We did not join the combinatiorif and for that reason are at « <Hb _
combination was completed the erty" to sell Carpets at any price we please. The stores of the carpet
prices on the various qualities of combine advertise CARPETS, but they do not advertise any PRICES,
csrhft wpro Tviot*>r;-j1U' m.'ca/I at least not of the well-known standard makes, such as Bigelow-
i-- . „ -. \ - „ ' . , ., Lowell Body Brussels, Roxbury, Stinson's, Bigclow-Lowell Axmin-
. Extract from /San I-ranciSCO daily. sterSf Smith ' s Axminsters,' Savonnerie Axminsters etc.
' ¦ . POUBLE WIDTH WILTON VELVETS— Will SAVONNERIE AXMINSTERS— Exquisite new
.cover ordinary hall and stairs without a seam; in floral and Oriental designs have just come in our
.rich- Oriental and floral designs for parlors and bed- Fall shipment; pleasing patterns for the parlor and
¦¦• rooms., arid small figures for hall and stairs. Buy bedroom. $1.00 is the price of the in- A _^
.' it .at the installment combine stores and Ai - 1 stallment combine store. Ours is only vl sfl
_ s :-:yoii pay $1.00 for.it. We sell it for SI4I1 OIlwU
.; ; ROXBURY TAPESTRIES— In tapestry this is BIGELOW-LOWELL BODY BRUSSELS— The
• the "finest product of the mills. At the combine most desirable floor covering made for halls, stairs
•. Stores they ask you $1.35 for the new Fall A| in and where much use is given it. Pattern and color
• patterns. Our price for any of the big line Vl | [j arc in pretty harmony. The downtown -_
•of .-patterns is only ylilU combine stores get $1.65 for it. We sell vl nw\
..: BIGELOW-LOWELL AXMINSTERS— If the »* for •• OliTW
..combine permitted its members to advertise the
,. price, it would be $2.00. That's the price they sell SMITH'S AXMINSTER— An unusually pretty
'. it for. A wide range of patterns in beautiful floral and serviceable carpet for the dining-room and lib-
.'.ind Oriental effects is shown on our ft , rary, the new patterns being especially ft . AA
". ;'gf cat- carpet 'floor, with or without bor- vl Un attractive. You will have to pay the com- \| Wll
:. tiers; . Pattos-en's price OIlUu bine $1.65 for it, but Pattosien's only... vMlaCU
•; :J • ENGLISH LINOLEUA1— In patterns of Oriental and floral effects usually found in more COp
:: expensive goods. 6 feet wide. 65c and 70c at the combine stores; square yard UUu
;¦:•'.. : ENGLISH .LINOLEUM— In 12-foot width, in beautiful floral designs and set patterns. The JJOp
,-.;' installment combine charges you 80c. Our price, square yard , UUu
• .' ;: INLAID LINOLEUM— In unusually attractive tile patterns and effects of Mosaic de- Q| AL
¦ ; : -,-sign. The very. best quality; installment combine price 52.00. Our price, square yard. . OIiTu
fi/J/inC IID DIIPQ GREAT VARIETY OF PATTERN AND QUALITY
IllHllL'Ur nilUO MOST ANY SIZE. ..EXTREMELY LOW PRICES
L-^^ : T^unn&tKe : last thirty days our enormous sales of best quality Carpets have left us with many
:rernnarijs of the prettiest nev/ Fall patterns. These we have made up into various-sized room rugs; WE
, Set' the mere cost of material and labor out of them; YOU get the bargains.
•8:3x10:3 Axsiinttex .i..J?20 9*12 Wilton Velvet.. $27.50 8:1x10:5 Tapertry. .$11 .."JO 8:3x10:6 Stln«oa's Tapeitry..
ii&SS£fe«J g^ss-^^SS fi£$S£S£!~$^ WMJMzssim
E=^.p:6- r a Pe «try, J?l<> S :3xl0:5 Tapestry *1« 8:8xl2 wiltoa Velvet 8 :3xi6:6 ' T.pwtey '. iSll'RS
S~3x3O:<; Velvet. S2O S:3xlO:6 Body Bru»gel».}j;^<) JJ22.5O 8:3xS:3 Stinsoa Tapestry»14
jr V ' The ; Mission ¦ /« B H HyOHL!^ H^\#© Streets
sT*£DB !IfUftlE3II! SA!i FRAJM'S
<U y E.y BWiDJM LEADING TH£Ai2£
Last 8 Nights — Matinee Saturday.
HENRYJVIILLER
MARGARErTANGLIN
In an Entirely New Version of
"CAMILLE."
SPECIAL!^?*
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
Fourth Week of the
MILLER-ANGLIN SEASON.
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday Nights,
Wednesday Matinee.
The Devil's Disciple.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday N!ght», Sat-
urday Matinee,
The Taming of Helen
RELIANT VAUDEVILLE!
Bloom and Cooper; T. Nelson Downs;
La Vine-Cameron Trio; Marguerite
and Hanley and George Schindler.
Last times of Keough and Ballard;
Sam Ed-wards and Company; The
Fleury Trio and Larkins and Pat-
terson.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, COc. ¦
Belasco &. Mayer. Proorietors.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone South 553.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Stupendous Production of Augnstln Daly's
Spectacular Drama,
"THE GREAT RUBY"
Never Surpassed for Scenic Splendors.
Unrivaled for Intense. Sustained Interest. .
SEE — The Thrilling Escape in a> Balloon;
the Battle In Mid-Air: the Military Tourna-
ment.
PDIfFC Evenings, 10c to 60c.
rniWLJ Matinees. 10c. 13c. 25c.
Week of Sefitember 7.
"WHOSE BABY ARE YOU?
GRAND 88E&
MATXZnnSS SATTJKDAY and STJNDAT.
OVERWHELMING SUCCESS
PfllWiiiTlfiraCfl.
TO-NIGHT— Every Night This Week.
The Famous Musical Comedy,
THE BELLE OF MWYOSK
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
The Pollards in "A GAIETT GIRL."
Extra Matinees Labor and Admission Days.
DDirEC EVENINGS ..15c. 25c 80c .73<s
rultCJ MATINEES.. 15c. 25c. 50c
fAblFORNIAI
I m Every Night This Week. I&BsC
KEILL-XOS0800 COMPANY". J \
Presenting the Great Play,
•? 5 "Mrs. Dane's Defense." - T5
¦50 Biggest Hit of AH j5O
3L5 Special — Thurs. & Sat. Mats.. 3L5
"EAST LTNNE."
I Neif—HOTRE DIME. IT
H E. AT RUl
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON .--•;
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:S0 P. M.; SAT-
V> URDAY, 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND VS. PORTLAND
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAr.
; ' ,:¦ -:" Advance Sale. 5 Stockton st.
MISCELTaAlTEOTJS AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIO HALL, Eddy St., Atovs Muon.
— EVERYMAN
THE XV CENTURY MORALITY PLAY.
TO-NIGHT
Every Night at 8:30.
Afternoons— Thursday and Saturday at 3.
Reserved seats. $2. f 1 SO, $1. At Sherman,
Clay & Co.'*, now on sale for next week.
EXCURSION
— TO —
NAPA.
Given by the Napa Transportation Company,
SUNDAY, Sept. 6. 1903. steamer ST. HEL-
ENA leaves Washlnston-st. wharf at 9 a. m.
Round-trip tickets, 50 cents. Two and a half
hours' stay at Napa. Tickets for sale at wharf.
The Weekly Cafl.
$1 pep Year.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THISTLES AND DANDBT7FF.
An Interesting- Parallel and a Valuable
Deduction Therefrom.
Cutting: down thistles no more relieves
the land of thistles than does scouring
the scalp cure dandruff. In each case
permanent relief can only come from
eradicating permanently the cause. A
germ that plows up the scalp in search-
ing for the hair root where it saps the
Vitality, causes dandruff, falling hair,
and baldness. If you kill that germ,
you'll have no dandruff but a luxuriant
i suit of hair. Newbro's Herpicide is the
; only hair preparation in the world that
cures dandruff and falling hair by kill-
ing the germ. "Destroy the cause, you
remove the effect." Sold t>y leading drug-
gists. Send 10c in stamps for sample to
The Herpicide Co., Detroit, Mich.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
Butter, best made 2 sqs S.ic
Coffee, best Mocha and Java....lb JJoc
Flour, extra family 10-lb sks ii5c
HerringB, Holland and Mhchner. .
' : ...8 for J>5c
• Saturday Only.
Cream, Carnation (limit, 3. cans)... -
3 cans 23c
Sugar, best cane 20 lbs $1 .<)<>
(With a $2 order of other groceries.)
Rolled Oats. California Cream. 8 lbs ii5c'
i Lard Compound 5-lb pails 5Oc
ko £xom,Rs.
C*« O* L)» CjKOvIjivY CO»
¦incorporated
. JOHN ROBINSON. President.
313 O'FARRELL ST., Near Mason.
Formerly Post and Buchanan Sts.
Telephone Folsom 316.
h jffy tHoSL n3 t *^ChAw Sin A
\S0HmAN.
I Pure, Pale and Sparkling. Bottled
J Only «t the Brewery in St. Louis.
I SOLD EVERYWHERE.
¦ . HILBKKT MKKCANTILE CO..
¦ Pacific Coast Ajients.
/^/\ Duplicates and Replace! /V^vS
\f\ Broken Eye Glass /Q
\<p Lenses for 50c. <Jyk
> | • ¦ I Factory on premises. )L , j
V\ Vhout Main 10. \ | \
I J QUICK REPAIRING. VJ
Mfijtfc
;^fe LJ THE! RYGEORGE G, DRIVEN BY J. ALBBRTSON. WHICH WON THE RICH CALIFORNIA STAKE AT PETALUMA
FROM A BIG FIELD AND ALSO WON THE GREEN CLASS TROT AT THE SACRAMENTO STATE FAIR
ON TUESDAY IN STRAIGHT HEATS.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Sept.' 2.— After
a fortnight's work j President Riesco has
formed a Ministry headed by Ricardo
Matteperez. It is of the same political
composition as the late Ministry.
New Chilean Cabinet Formed.
LOS ANGELES, Sept., 2.— Frank Dil
lon, captain of the Los Angeles Coast
League baseball team, has signed with
Manager Morley for . the season of 1904.
Dillon had several offers from National
League' managers, but refused them ' In
order to remain in California.
Dillon Signs for Next Season.
SEATTLE, Sept. 2.— Hickey was at his
best to-day and the heavy hitters of the
Spokane team were helpless before him.
Score: Seattle 6, Spokane 0.
Seattle Shuts Out Spokane.
With the defeat of McMynn the only
Badger championship held in the State
went to an outsider.
MILWAUKEE. Wls., Sept. 2.-Reuben
G. Hunt of Alameda, Cal., Is the tennis
champion of Wisconsin, having defeated
Robert N. McMynn of Milwaukee, cham
pion of 1903, In three straight sets on the
last day of the State tournament at the
Town Club.
Another Championship for Hunt.
James Jeffries wilt meet Jack Monroe of
Buttle at Hazard's Pavilion in this city
". orr. October 15 for a twenty round fight
' for a division of the gate receipts on the
• percentage plan, and a side bet, the
. amount of which has not been deter
mined. . - . • r •
\ '.. Billy Delaney arrived here this morning.
• and .after a consultation with Jeffries
wired Monroe the terms upon which the
champion will meet him. Monroe wired
• .from New York to-night his acceptance.
"There are a number of conditions and
¦ agreements to be settled, but they are
.said _ to be only minor affairs. Delaney
paid to-night he is certain the fight will
take place. Jeffries agrees to stop Mon
,roe in twenty rounds or less. If he falls
Monroe i« to take the long *nd of the
: purse. Monroe was given the decision
'over Jeffries in a four-round bout at
." Butte last winter. .
XHeayy- Weights Will Meet in Los
. { I. Angeles in October in Twenty
•••¦...;¦.. Round Bout.
•,; IXJS . A7CGELE3, Sept. 2— Champion
JEFFRIES AND MONROE
*".;¦ ; AGREE UPON A MATCH
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— David S
110, ¦ Malpaquet 103, ¦ Troy 110. Chlieno 110
Dolly Wei thoff 110, Flamero 110. .
Fifth' race, five furlongs, selling — Light Braid
108. Miss Dividend 113. Metlakatla 97. Duke
ill. Buck Taylor 111, Jack Richelieu Jr. 111.
Elfin Kins 107. . x
Foarth race.' one mile. Grove L. Johnson
stake— <?ambacereg 100, Horattus 107, Heather
Honey 87, Kitty Kelly. 99, Hagerdon 106, Oro
Vina ICO, Dlvlna 107, Anvil 00, Glendennlng
100. ¦'¦-¦ r
First race. 2:11 - trot— Forest W, Liege,
Grace McK. Rozell, Tom Smith, Ole.
Against time, 2:30 — Lady B. . :
Second . race.-- seven furlongs, selling — Von
zollern 115, Tenfoul 115. Strombollta 112, Isa
bellltta IOC. Wandering Boy 115. Flamolo 115.
Chanano 115.
Third race, four and a half furlfwes, two
year-olds — Dr. Birdsall 106, Pat Burner 106.
Doris 10X, Easter Lady 103. Homeric 10S. Dusty
Rhodes 106. Maud Brown 103.
ENTRIES FOB THURSDAY.
Five furlongs, selling; purse, $225. — Royal
F. c. h. g.. by Royal Flush-Slydell 111 (See),
2ft to 1, won; Little Margaret. 104 (Jackson).
7 to 5, second: Annie Marie 82 (Hildebrand), 2
to 1. third. Time, 1:01. Hercules also ran.
Seven furlongs, selling; purse, . $225— Kittle
Kelly, b. m.. by Apache-Plax Toy 100 (Chand
ler), 3 to 1. won; Judge Voorhies 10G (Powell),
even, second; Flamero 107 (Tullett), 2 Vi to 1,
third. Time, 1:27%. Illowaho also ran.
Six furlongs, selling; purse. $225 — Tamm, b.
c, by Lew Weir-Brook 108 (Frawley), ;i to 1,
won; Gold Scratch 114 (Bennett), 3 to 1, sec
ond: Legal Maxim 114 (Tullett), 2 to 1, third.
Time.- 1:15^4. Dwight Way, Dark Secret, Dug
Martin and Little Gun also ran.
The annual meeting of the Pacific Ath
letic Association will be held in the Re
liance Athletic Club building, Oakland,
on the 21st Inst. Papers on athletics will
be read 'by representative men from the
faculty of the University of California
and of Stanford University.
(Groom), third; Lady Madison, 6 to 1 (Ward),
fourth; Potrero, 10 to 1 (Hodges), fifth. Time,
3:32%.
Running, maidens, five furlongs; purse, $225
— Wandering Boy. b. g., by Brutus-Wandering
Nun 112 (See), 4 to 1, won; Piratical 106 (Tul
lett). 6 to 1, second; Samar 03 (Hildebrand),
even/third. Time, l:01^i. Little Secret. Wig
gins. Vonzollern. Hondaran, Royal Copper,
J. T. S. and Chenano also ran.
Selling. All ages, five furlongs; purse, $225
Glendenning, ch. g.. by St. Carlo-Glenlenet 112
(Hildebrand), 2 to 1, won; E. M. Brattain 117
(Burr), 1 to 3, second: Maresa 107 (Chandler),
8 to 1, third. Time. 1:00. Miss Remsen and
Meteora also ran.
On Friday' night, October 16, an athletic
meet will be held In Mechanics' Pavilion,
the first in many years. The programme
will be made up of the following events:
40-yard dash; 150 yards; 300 yards- 600
yards; 1000 yards; two-mile run; high
jump; polevault; 16-pound shot put; 120
yard hurdles, ten flights each, three feet,
six inches; relay race, one mile, team to
consist of four men; half-mile for gram
mar school boys.
The meeting Is expected to prove an
interesting one as the attendance of the
crack athletes of*the college Is promised.
The committee in charge consists of W.
B. Hinchman, ex-offlcio chairman; Her
bert Hauser, Ezra Decoto, T. J. Me-
Caughern, Dave Brown, George James
and Thomas Harris. -
On October 6 a night of amateur boxing
will be promoted in Mechanics' Pavilion
annex. In November a tournament ex
tending over three days will be held In
the main pavilion. At this meeting rep
resentative boxers will be selected to
compete at St. Louis.
The members of the Olympian Games
Committee of California met last night in
the rooms of the Pacific Athletic Associa
tion and outlined an ambitious pro
gramme of events.
INDOOR MEET
FOR ATH LETES
The veteran James Code set a fast pace
in his match with Percy Murdock.' He
won the first set, but in the next three
everything went Murdock's way.
Clarence Griffin, a promising young
park player, made an excellent showing
against R. N. Whitney. He won the first
set from Whitney and led at 4-0 in the
second. Whitney won an English love
set, taking the next six games straight.
After this the veteran was master of the
situation. Following is the summary:
Men's singles, preliminary round— S.C. Gay
ness beat G. K. Bates by default; A. E Bell
beat Clay Gooding. 6-2 6-1 6-2; J. D Mac-
Gavin beat Alexander Deyfuss, 6-3, 6-3, 7-5;
Harry Rolte beat Herbert Schmidt, 2-6. 6-3,
6-4 (withdrew); Xorman Ambrose beat C. Tel
ler by default; James Code beat Marius Hotch-'
kiss by default: Percy Murdock beat Guy Lyt
ton. 8-1. 6-3. 6-1; Paul Jones beat C. Dunlap
by default; A. C. Way beat Miller Hotchkiss
by default; R. N. Whitney beat Clarence Grif
fin. 5-7. 6-4, 0-3, 6-2.
First round— W. B. Collier beat Jules Brady
6-2, 6-1. 6-2; Grant Smith beat Gayness. 6-2*
6-3 (withdrew); Harry Rolfe beat N. Ambrose
6-2, 6-0 (withdrew); Murdock' beat Code 4-6*
6-1. 6-1. 6-1: Way beat Jones. 6-0. 6-1 6-0. '
Women's 'singles, semi-final round — Miss Vio
let Sutton beat Miss Myrita Seymour. 6-0, 6-1
Final— Miss Florence Sutton beat Miss Vio
let Sutton. 6-3, 6-3.
Harry Rolfe, a youngster of the Cali
fornia Tennis Club, - distinguished him
eelf yesterday. To. the surprise of all he
beat his club mate, Herbert Schmidt. He
then took Norman Ambrose of the Park
Club into camp In easy fashion.
The matches yesterday were nearly all
one-sided and lacking in interest. Most
of the poorer players were disposed of.
To-day and to-morrow some great games
are expected.
• In the men's singles play was com
pleted down to the second round with
two exceptions. Those who won thoir
way into this round are: W. B. Collier,
Grant . Smith, Harry Rolfe, Percy Mur
dock, A. C. Way and Harry Routh. Bell
and MacGavin will meet in the first
round this morning, as will Whitney
and Russell.
The third day's play of the champion
ship tennis tournament on the Hotel Ra
fael courts was given over to the men's
singles and the completion of the women's
singles. In the latter event Miss Florence
Sutton defeated her sister. Miss. Violet,
In the final after the latter had beaten
Miss Myrita Seymour In the semi-finals.
Although Miss Florence Sutton won
from Miss Violet Sutton in straight sets,
the play was very close. Both players
stayed In the back court and consequent
ly long rallies resulted. Miss Florence
was the steadier and her victory was due
to this fact. The score was 6-3, 6-3.
In the semi-flnal Miss Seymour was no
match for Miss Violet Sutton. The latter
won with the loss of but one game in two
sets. The score was 6-0, 6-1.
TENNIS HONORS
FOR THE SUTTONS
Trotting, one mile and a half daah, 2:20
class ; purse, $225— Dan Fmaler. sired by Sec
retary. 1 to 4 (Costetlo). won: Dolexla, 6 to 1
(Maben), second; Mamia Elizabeth, 3 to 1
SUMMAEY.
Held a 1 to 3 chance for the five-furlong
selling number, Caesar Young's gray,
sprinter E. M. Brattain was again beaten.
He had no excuse this time, for, away in
front, he galloped into the stretch, but
wanted to lie down the last sixteenth and
Hildebrand astride - Glendennlng scored
almost easily in fast time. There were
only five starters and Maresa experienced
no difficulty in securing show honors.
A cluster of cheap platers started In the
third run, with Hughey Jones' Legal
Maxim enjoying the honors of favoritism.
The gelding never could get to the front,
finishing an indifferent third. The gray
horse Gold Scratch,' a half-brother to old
Braw Scott, with Bennett in the saddle,
and Tamm, ridden by FrawlejOndulged
in a long drive, the latter being awarded
a nose decision. The winner was one of
the third choices.
Lee Jackson piloted Little Margaret for
his "old employer, Caesar Young, in the
five-furlong spin, fifth on the card, but
failed to put her over the plate. The filly
ruled a 7 to 5 choice and was beaten al
most easily by Royal F, the outsider of
the quintet, on which Willie See had the
mount. 'Hercules played his string out
and then fell backTrom the firing line.
A nose finish' which saw the number of
Kitty Kelly hoisted on top caused grief
among the backers of Judge Voorhies, fa
vorite for the las^ event at seven fur
longs. The duo ' locked . horns a furlong
from the stand and the mare, well han
dled by Charley Chandler, had it on the
colt just a shade as they passed the
judges. Illowaho . seemed sore and ran
disappointingly., F. e. MULHOLLAND.
SCOEES IN FAST TIME.
So good a thing for the trotting special
was Dan Frazler considered that the
books laid but 1 to 4 about him. Cuicello
had him in front from the time Dick Ha
vey gave the word, and Dollexa, driven
by Jack Groom, was the nearest contend'
er at the wire, the mile and a half being
covered in 3:32^. Third money went to
Mamie Elizabeth, with Walter Maben in
the sulky.
Samar, from the stable of Bianchi &
McGovern, was installed a favorite for
the maiden event, but was outfooted from
the Jump, finishing third. Wandering
Boy, backed from 6 down to 4^, passed
Royaycopper before the stretch was
reached and won as he liked. Piratical,
on which there was a steady play, stood
a long drive, beating Samar for place
honors. v-<.' ;;
The fields at the park were again light,
but seven carloads of horses are due from
Seattle and the sport ought to improve
later In the week.
Dan Frazler, an odds on choice, took
the trotting dash at one and a half miles
and In the five running events the fa
vorites, Samar, E. M. Brattam, Legal
Maxim, Little Margaret and Judge Voor
hles, all met with defeat. In disposing
of E. M. Brattain, Glendennlng created a
new track record for five furlongs of one
minute flat.
ond. The books at Agricultural
Park did not handle money enough to pay
clerk hire. All the Burplua currency In
the family treasury was carted out by Its
owners to the show lot to purchase red,
white and blue lemonade, gingerbread and
peanuts to feed the elephants. Then
again, if the mercury in the thermometers
continues its record breaking attempts
the proper promenade costume for J and
K streets to-morrow will be an abbre
viated bathing suit and a pair of san
dals.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 2.-The State
fair met the Rlngllng Bros.' cir
cus In a special at catch weights
to-day and finished a poor sec-
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Rockaway, Chocka
yotte, Mayor David S. Rose.
Second race — Falella, Golden Link,
¦Indian.
Third race — Bondage, Dr. Stephens,
Nitrate.
Fourth race — Ancke.Wainamoinen,
Callant
Fifth race^ — Christina A, Jackfull,
Mauser.
Sixth race — Glenrice, I/endin,
Brush By.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2. — Harlem entries:
First race, five furlongs, maidens — Fox Lake
113. Mayor David S Rose 113. Salivate 113, The
Hebrew 113. Bill Walters 110. Frances Yowell
110. Mary Dunn 110. Ovledo 110. My Gem 110.
MIfs Doyle HO. Gus Quarles 10S. Oudon 10S.
Louis Kraft 108. Rockaway 108, Chockajwtte
105. Alamode 105.
Second ra<~e. the golf steeplechase, short
course, handicap — Golden Link 16S, Indian II
141. Falella 140. Tatar 135, Anchor 135, Slip
Dish 125.
Third race, one and three-sixteenth miles,
handicap — Nitrate 115. Dr Stephens- lCft, Bona
age 1C0, Rankin 65, Floyd K. 93, Dodie S 85,
Star Cotton SO.
Fourth tace. one mile — Hindus 107. O'Hagan
1C7. Gallant 107. Myth 107. Major Tcnny 107,
Walr.amolnen 107. Charlie Thompson 107, Prod
igality 97, Lurallghter 97. Ancke 97.
Fifth rac», one mile, selling — Safeguard 103,
Mauser 100. Angelo 07. Wolfram 97, Christine
A 97. Hetxel 95. Dr O'Xeill 85. Jackful 02.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Ontonagon 103,
Belle Mahone 102. Mr Dingle 100. Lendin 100,
Lord Melbourne 98, Glenriee 05, Brush By 95.
Weather cloudy; track good.
¦*;,• Sixth - race— Our Lillie, Quaker
•*<Jirl ; Sadie Burch.
- .. ' Hy N~ew York Morning Telegraph.
; ;. First race— Harry Griffith, King
. Sbse, Tangent.
'•.Second race— Ingol thrift, Major
b .-CSarpenter, Lord Hermence.
'."'¦ -Third race —^Unaprice, Mimo, Eit-
J -tie Corker. -•" . . \ '¦:'¦
"'¦' Fourth race— Taby Tosa, -First
'^llajsion, .Montana. Peeress.
*- • Fifth, race— Morris Volmer, Aules,
-. BolUck'HI.
DELMAE SELECTIONS.
Fourth .race, one atid a Fixtecnth miles, han-
Taby Toaa 103. Montana Peeress S8. W
B Gates 115. Rio Ph^ji'nc.n 82. First 'MaFon 101.
- J^ifth' race-, one mile and twenty yards sell-
J*UeV-Legatlon.iri6, Aules 106. Peat IOC L^-nch
.l/«. Morris Vijlmer If 4. Rollick II 106 Daw«or.
1^6. Rerejcaw 106, Maple . 101, Satin Coat 104
Ncareft 111. ' . .
• Sixth rape, -eix furlonp*. selling— Sadie Burch
S7. Leech 91. Botnhino tU. Falkland 106, Our
Ljnie a5.. Quaker Girl 107. Atlas 98.
Weather olear: track .eood.
• • Pe^or.d race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
; Ft Noel 1*7. Athens. 107. Lard Hennenc- 110.
* C"tver. l3fi. Mnjor Carpenter 110. Port Warden
. 10.T. Wenrlrk lift. Wigwam 105. Inpolthrift 110.
• Third • race, seven, furlongs, selling — Little
.- -Corker 103. Chickas-ha S»9. Mutiny 105. Peter
.niiryea, 103, Vna Price 1O.\ Decoration 102
• • whaleback 1C5, El Oaney 108. Tda Penzance
. . jor. Si Ah 96, Style 9S,iHmo 1C2.
. "ST..LOUI?. ?"pt. 2.' — Delmar entries :
.' First ra<;e. rix furlongs', selling — Jean Grav!»r
r.7.- Blr<l Slayer MS, Harry Griffith 1C2, Olivelo
1O2-.- -Tangent 1C5, Le'cache 97. Goudy 97. Ranch
jnan. It*, Model- Monarch 105. King Rose 105,
J.<r-Kammerer.lCr>, H»mlock 102.
BELMAB ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
rurae :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 5— By Ways, St» (Wilsr>n)... 1 3 1 1V4
7 to 5— Fadin? Light, fm (Philips) 2 12 7
15 to 1— Frank Mac, 105 (Hoffler) 4 2 3 3^
Time. 1:55 3-5. Start 'good. Won eaBily.
Winner. S. W. Street & Co.'s b. f. by Kings
ton-Belle of Maywood. Lodestar 112, Spring
atead 1U2. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Pt. % Fin.
3 to 2 — Allleta, 104 (Otis) 2 11 2Ja
15 to 1— K. Ellsworth. 103 < Adklns) 4 2 2 3
6 to 2 — GliFten. 97 (II. Phillips). 1 6 3 >i
Time. 1 :14 3-5. Start good. Wen easily.
Winner. J. Mannlon'g ch. f. by Lamplighter--
Mamie Fonso. Soldier of Fortune 97. Darrow
85. Pond 8.".. Trapfetter 95, Louise Melnlng 92,
also ran. •
FOURTH RACE — Six furloncs; handicap:
Benin*. Iforse. Weleht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5— Delagoa, 107 (Wilson)... 2 112
7 to 1— Schwalbe. 109 (Kelly)... 1 2 2 2'i
12 to 1— Golden Rule. 107 (Adklns) 6 3 3 >4
Time, 1:13 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
"Winner. 8. C. Hildreth's b. f. by Kingston-
Rhodesia. Bmu Ormonde 110, Bnilare 105.
Skilful 105, Mocorito 8S, Bensonhurst 95, also
ran.
THIRD RACE — One mile and fifty yards;
parrei
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
5 to 2— Dr. Stephens,102 (Philps) 4 5 11
25 to 1— The Don, 92 CS. Bonner) 5 1 2 H
100 to 1— Ldy Jocelyn, S3 (Knapp) 2 4 3 1
Time, 1:44 3-5. Start bad. .Won easily.
Winner, C. E. Waters' b. h. by Octopus-lK
noramus. Sidney C. Love 97. Talpa 1*9, Gregor
K M>, also ran.
BECOND RACE— Five furlonm; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weirtt, Jockey, fet. \ Fin.
5 to 2— Maj. Pelham, llu (Wilson). S3 11
2 to i— Saltoe 102- (Adlcins). . . . . . B 6 2 h
8 to 1— My Gem, 99 (S. Bonner).. 3 13 2
Time, 1 :01 3-5. Start food. Won easily.
Winner. H. A. Enramnn's B. c. by G. W.
Jchnson-Strathmaid. St. Paula i>'J, Liberty
Bell 99. J. P. Mayberry 99. Atlantlco 102.
•Martin* 102, Arnold K 102, Sandarac 99, also
ran.
Tlm«, 1:16 3-5. Start good. Won drlvtnff.
Winner, Woodfcrd & Everman'b ch. f. by
Flyine Dutchman-Hannah Belle. Flyer 108,
R-jsewater 1<«», Catherine Chinn 109, Zepho 109
Sir Faust lOi. Small Talk 1<»1. Jet 114, I.ittli
Mission 114. Kinford 117. Goody Two Shoes
114, Keatoria. 112, Reckoner MM, also ran.
FIRST RACE>— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 1— Dcb«. Harms. 10O (Davis). 0 2 1 %
« to 1 — L*dy Chariot, 100 (Phillp«> 4 12 2
7 to 1— Fair Ldy Anna,104 (Bonnr) 13 3 3
CHICAGO, Sept. 2.-Dr. Stephens, eeo
ond choice In the betting at 5 to 2, won
the third race, the feature event at
Harlem, this afternoon. Sidney C. Love,
the heavily played favorite, finished out
side the money, disgracefully beaten. A
killing was made on the victory of
Duchees Uanna In the firet race. Ed
Wagner and his friends are said to have
taken more than $25,00} out of the ring.
Weather perfect, track good, attendance
large. Summary:
Special Dlsflntcb to The Call.
' Time, 1 :'S7\?. Start .gcod. Won dnvlnr.
Winner. . J. K. Hughe*' ch. c. by Mirthful-
Ciyme'jiai • CJiaflt? J» 101, llucena TO, Brown
Nail i«j; XlarsW tJ lvl. Lord Roberta 101 and
¦Donaail H)4 : also ran.
•tUXT-H RACK— One and en . eiehth miles;
veiling-: . . . ' ' -
Bettms. jiore». Weight. Jockey. Ft. % Fin.
.5:to i~^Neversuch. 'J5 <Geor£«>... 7 1 1 n
S to 2— Tory l^pjiinc. S3 (Shea).. 4 3 2 10
; «B*to.l^-Ej.pado, - a2 i.Honr»ll) 12 3 5
.Time. 1:12. -. Start, bad! Won handily. Win
ner. H. B, B<>an» & Co.'e b. g. by Whitney
tiermie.' isecond. ilate toll alro ran.
FIFTH ' RACE— MI!»; purse:
Retting. Horse. Wefeht. Jockey. Pt. »4 Fin.
7 to 5— J. L***er, 10t> <She?han)-. 1 2 1 H
>m Beinao. HH <L/md»n) 2 1 2 C
•7 tj 2— Jo«ie F. 101 <Held«>l) 4 4 3 2
ttwKf' l:15\i.' - Start good. ¦ Won eaflly.
Wianer. " W. W. Ei!iott'« b. h. by Hlmyar-
Orace Lee, Bon Adklms »»7. E'.artlc 11», Pour
quol rae 1.00 a.nd Kilo S3 also ran. ¦
FOURTH RACK — Pix furloriet; handicap:
P»tt3n«. Horse: Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
• 3 to 1— Hllee. J13 <Smlih) ..7 2 11
J" to 1— Thecrr. 93.<Boyd» 3 4 2 1
2 to A-r<:roSx d'Or. 1UU (Sheehan). 5 5 3 H
•n*im>. 1 :<JaV». Start good. Won eaftlly. 'Win
r.er; Hal^y.'broj/ ch. f. by Tammany-Tam
pette.. Cap arid • Gown 105 and Eclgrma 106
tls 6 ' ran. " • '
XHIRD -RACE)— Fire and a half .ftiriongs;
purs? i ••¦".'.
Hettlus. ¦ Home. WelrMi Jock*y. Pt. Si Fin.
.Vto'-fi — 4lar Nolin. 1O5 < Austin).. 1114
fi ¦** 1— F-. lierRer^s. 1C5 < louden). 5 8 2 H
« to I — Jflunr, 1Of> i.Traven) 2 2 3 1 Vs
FEOOVD RACE — Seven furlon«a: •elllng:
B?ttln« • liors^.'.Wcteht. JocUey. St. Si Fin.
'» to 2— Ri?%-enge-Dare, 113(Calvit) fi 2 1 2
7to 1— SUJig. 10» (Sheehan) 7 7 2 l'i
l'O.to 3— Una; Prtc*. Ill iliojdy 4 S 3 I 1 ?
'. : T4hj*, l.:30. i=tart trooi. Won easily. 'Wtn
npr, G. C. Moshier «c Co.'* ch. m. by Only
T>ar*->follie Jon«-». "WVird 109. Ladas 111.
«."ortle 104. Tenny Belle 104. Eleanor Howard
104,' Einstein J09 and Dfteet l'JO also ran.
Tl^r, t:ML : Start r#*l. Won ea*lly. Win
ner, Turnfy Brc».' b. f. by Bermuda-Nannie
t>. IVvtty Shute 107. Irfne Mac 107. Bftnauda
103.' Offtet 102. M»choni 10T and Crime lift
a'leb ran. ' • ' .
. FIRST RACE— SHUn*; elx furloart:
Bwttlrw. Hci^e. \\>i*ht. Jockey. St. K Fin.
3<i t<> j_B. Or. G'.rl, 1Q2 <Tr»t-et») 2 3 I >»
4. to i — MloTj*. 102 (How«!ll SIS IV*
3 to 1 — Alrmer riruoe.lOTiSheehn) 4 2 S H
. ST. LOUIS, Sppi 2.-An attractive card,
perfect •weather «nd a fast track drew a
tiig crowd to Delmar- Park this afternoon.
The feature event, a six furlong sprint
handicap; was .won by Hllee, the heavily
played second choice. Summary:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Splendid Card and a Fast
, Track Please St. Louis
Crowd. j
Dr. Stephens Wins the Fea
ture Event at the Harlem
Track.
Hilee Wins Six Furlong
; Sprint Handicap at
\ :*-;¦ Delmar.
Is Disgracefully
Distanced.
Heavily Played Favorite
SECOND CHOICE
LANDS THE COIN
SIDNEY C. LOVE
BADLY BEATEN
SPORTS OF THE RUNNING AND TROTTING TURF, THE TENNIS COURTS AND THE DIAMOND
Cresceus' Outside Record.
GALESBURG, 111., Sept. 2.-Cresceus
was unable to lower his trotting record
to-day, "doing the mile in 2:06U at "Wil-
Hams' track.
Stolen base'sr-Hoy, Torpaa.; Errors — ITh'eeler.
Toman, Mohler. Brashear. ' Three-basa hit — ¦
Wheeler.' Two-base hits^— -Hoy. Corbett. To^
man. Mohler, Zlnssar, Hurlburt, . Drlsikwater.
Sacrifice hit — Dolan. First base cm "errors —
Seattle. 2: Los Angeles. .1. -First base on. balls
— Off Carrick. 1; off Drink water, 4. Struck
out— By Carrick, 7: by Drinkwater. 3-. Left
on v ases^ — Los Angeles. 7: Seattle. 7. .Pas**d
ball — Byers. Time of game — 2h. 40m. • Crapirs
—McDonald. -.-. . . '
Los Angeles — ' Seattle-^ • . . "
- AB. R. H..P. A. " ARK.B.P \
¦Hoy.cf. 5 2 2 4 0 Lumjt,cf 4 1 1" o t '
Whir.Sbr 8 2-2 0" 5 MMer.2b 4 1 2 12
Corbtt2b5 13 4 2 Bhear.lb » ' 2 OR O"
Dtllon.lb » 1 4 9* 0 Snrith.rf. 5 1 2 2 ii •
Cravth.rf 5 O O 2 0 Znsarjf. 5 1 3 t t .
Ross.lf.. 5 11 :1 i) Ariws.r.b 4 f> 1 2 h
Toman.s3 4 .2 3 2 2 Dolan.ss 3 0 13 I-
Dkwtr.p. 4 2 2 0 2 Byers-.c. 4 0' 1 4rt I
Spies.c: 1013 .0 Carck.p.- 3' 0 0.0 1
Hurlbt.c. 4 12. 2 e • U-"
'Totals.43 5 S» S H TOti1 ' 3? . 6 1024 . J .
RUNS AND HITS BT" INNINGS • '•
Los Angeles- O O" 5 "2 0 0-5 0 x 12 ¦
Base hits' ....«£' 2 6 3 ¦' 0 2 5 O X—-0 x
Seattle. .... .. ...O 0-' O 2 1 0 2.0 1— • S
Base htts I 0 0 410 2 1 1—10
SUMMARY! " . • •
LOS AKGELES, Sept. 2.— Carrick,. the for
mer bir. leaguer, who pitched such a' strong
game against Lcs Angeles last' week, was the
easiest proposition of. the season to-day.- The
Seraphs won by a. score of- 12 to «. The game
was notable for several things. It took lorige
to play than any previous nine-inning-game'ev»r
played on. the grounds and the locals made thV
record number of hit* oh the home grounds
this season. Drinkwater was batted hard "but
clever fielding kept the score down. ¦ The game
dragged dreadfully at times. Spies and Cm
pire McDonald did not agree on a foul ba'I
down richt field line and Heiny went out of
15OO Sai s e ind beyond the grounds. Attendance,
SCORE TWENTY. HITS.
First race — For Luck, Woodshade,
Flaxnmula.
Second race — Damon, Tippecanoe,
Young Henry.
Third race — Luxembourg, Lady
Amelia, Grenade.
Fourth race — Faulconbridge, Prop
er, Sheriff Bell, y, ;¦'
Fifth race — Almansor, B. B. Sack,
Jim Newman.
Sixth race— Wild Pirate, Past, Car
buncle.
By New York Mominsr Telegraph.
First race, six furlongs on main track. tw«
year-olds. selling — Shady Lad 00. Lawcut StO
Gypsy Ben 09. Briery 107. Cyprlenne 1(M, The
Bowery 107, Ml.is ShylocH 9ft. Avenger 100,
Tomcod 105. Gold Tip 97. Woodshade 04, TDl
San OC. For Luck 94. Flammula 107, Edna Ed
wards 94, Shortcake. 99, Tower 94, Destiny 94. '
Second race,' jeven furlongs, futurity course,,
handicap — Young Henry 126. Hurstbourne 122.
Yellow Tall 120. Olympian 119, Flying Ship 110.
Stamping Ground 110, Poterate 107. Stroller lOfi,
Futurita 1C5. Sir Voorhees 104, Lady Uncas 10O
Tippecanoe 02, Damon 90, St Gallin 90. Slideii
85. . " - ¦.
Third race, The Dash, five furlongs of fu
turity course — Luxemburg 10-t, -Orthodox 104;
Lady Amelia 101. Mazdn 104, Sonoma Belle 111'
Topic 110. Long Shot 122.' Golden E>rop 107, Re
quiter 104. Dolly Spanker- 113. Raider • 10-t
Hazelwoo<l 122. Ormonde's ¦ Right 127, Juvenal
Maxim 107. Grenade 107, Inquisitive Girl 101,
Esperance 101, St Valentine 104. Monsoon 101
Fourth race. The Reapers, mile and three
furlongs — Eujrenla Burch 118, Falsonbridge 10T> •
Sheriff Bell 121. Proper 116. The Picket 131
W R Condon Ilfi. Demon 106.
Fifth* race. The Hempstead cup, full steeple
chase course — R B Sack 167. Jim Newman 109
Manilian 149, The Duffer 146. Alamansor 130.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles on turf.'
selling— Kin* Carter 101, Wild Pirate 103
Flara 109. Dark Planet 105. East Kelston 103.
Vincennes 105. Carbuncle 112. Nick Longworth
96. Carrol D 101, Nuit Blanche )S!>, Sir Roche
110. Dick Roberts S9, Past 102, Mabel Richard
son 104.
Weather clear: track good. .-.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2.— Sheepshead Bay en
tries: • > . .
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
Stolen bases — Shay, Lynch. Err'ors-^-Hiiil*
brand, Eagah. Shay. .Leahy. Lynch-, .Delma*.
Home run — Hildebrand. Tlvree-ba?e, hits — Zear- 1
foss, Kruff. Hngan, IVo-base hits — Brown,.
Zearfoss.' Sacrifice hU»— :Irwin. Doyle.- she«
han. First .- base .on errors—^Sacramento. •' 4 :
Sarf Francisco,' 2. First base on balls^ — Off
Brown, 5; oft Heir. 2. Left. on base* — Sacra
mento. .10; San Francisco. 6. Struck, out — By
Brown, 2. Hk by pitcher— *Meany.
ptaya-^Krug to Zearfoss; Carter to LeahyVwiltJ
pitch— Brown. Time of game^ — 2 hours. UJhplra
— CConnell. •¦•..' ..
SUMMARY.
Base hits .....0 0 0 3 1 .2 1 3 ft-Vf?
Ban Francisco. ..:1 '0- 0 4 0 10 7 x— in
Base hits- .2 0- .0 2..0 3- 1 4 x — 12
: RUNS AM>HITS BT IXNIMG31 .
Sacramento. ....6 0 0 10/ 0 0 1. 5— 7
Sacrament'p — . i San Francisco—^
AB. R. H. I\ A.!' - • AB. R. H. P. A.
Casey.2b. '4 0 t> -2 • 3i Shay.ss 4 2 21 I
Hildbtf.lf 4-1 1 ;3 OjM^any.rf 2 -1 1" 1 i>
McLgo.rf 5-3 3 1 0 Irwin..'Jb .4 O '© 2 2
Eagan.ss 5 1 3 4 ' 4! Leafiy.lb 4 • 2 • 2 ¦ SO
Shehh,3b 4 .1 3 2 2 Zearfs.c 4 .12 4 i
Doyle.cf. ¦¦» Oil O'Kruir.cf. 4 2 33 t
Grahm.c B 0 2 4 ¦ i:i.ynch,lf 4 1'2 4 0
Hogan.lb 5 1 2 .7 W f'cims^b 30 i "3 4
Brown. p 3 0 10 2 Herr.p.^ 0- ft f> t> »)
Townd,* 1 a. O 0 0 Carterip.. 4.- 1 O- 1'4
. Totals 40 '7 16 24 121. Totals S3 10 13 27 13
•Townsend baited for Brown. ' . -. :
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 2. — The San. Francisco
team had the game \v-el! in hand from the
start to-day:- The Sacra.mejito team was never
In H. Herr started to do the pitchir^r, but his
.arm was bo sore he could not get the bail over,
the .plate. After he had .walked two man n*
retired in favor of Carter, who pitched a great
game uo to the ninth Inning, whe,- the Sena
tors batted hjs offering* all over the field. .Ha
was accorded wwteh'e4 support at crUical
points", but won anyhow. Scofe*. . . ¦
UNCLE'S. MEN 'WIN HANDILY.
SIXTH RACE — One and a quarter miles., oft
turf; three-year-olds and upward; selling-:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
!» to 5 — Embarrassmt, !)0 (Higglns) 2 2 1 h"
2 to 1— Black Hussar, 112 (Martin) 1 1 2 S
4 to 1 — Past, 03 (Desouza) 5 3 3.1
Time. 2:10. Start good, Won driving. Win
ner. N. Bennlnston'n ch.' c. by Knight of
Ellerslie-Flash in the Pan. Circus 113, Col
legian 03, also ran.
T!m«, 1:14 4-5. Start, poor. Won driving.
Winner.l J. H. Haggin's b. f. by Juverial-Blue
and. White. Race Kin* 120, Mollnos 118 . Mo
net 113, Fernrock 103, Oradell 109, also ran.'
Time, 1 :3U 4-5. Start good. . Won cley'ef ly.
Winner. E. R. Thomas' ch. c. by Ilermance-
Katy of the West. Wild Thyme 5)6, Glmcrack
107, Himself 100, Adlos IHJ, Vellowtail 114,
also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs, on main track"
two-year-olds; handicap:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
12 to 1 — Turq. Blue. 115 (llathews) 5 111
4 to 1— Monster, 117 (Hicks)...-., n 7 2 1!
7 to 1— Pirouette, 107 (Redfern).. 2 6 3 h
FOURTH RACE— One mile: three-year-olds
and uowarri; the Ocean handicap:
Bettintf. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin. '
3 to 5 — Hermis. 127 <CMom) 5 1 1 it;
4 to 1 — Molly lirant. 10.1 (Jenkins) 1 3 2m
25 to 1 — Douro. 11» (O'Xfill) 7 7 3 3
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs, on Futurity
course; two-year-olds: the Great Filly stakes:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
IS to 1 — Beldame. 11« (Bullman).. 4 2 1 h
5 to 1 — Ocean Tide, 116 (Coburn) 1 1 '2 h
•1 to 1— Mineola. 116 (Redfern). . .lu 7 3 6
Time, 1:12 4-5." Start bad. " Won driving.
Winner, A. Belmont's eh. f. by Octagon-Bella
dona. Audience 119, The Lady Kt-tiesia 116,
Islana 110, Raglan 124. Graceful 119. Dove
cote 110. Mimosa 119. Little Em ; 116. White
Plume 119, Ancestor 116. French Matron 11«-
IMmple 114. also ran.
SECOND RACE— One and three-sixteenth
milus; thre«-year-olds and upward; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5— Surmise, 104 (Fuller) 2 2 15
16 to 5 — Hunter Raine. 12« (Odom) 3 5 2 s i
0 to 1— Lord Badge. 108 (Redfern) 13 3 1
Time. 2:00 4-5. Start srood. Won easily.
Winner. H. T. Morris' br. h. by Sir Dixon-
Conjecture. Knight of the Garter 104, Setauket
112, Agnes D 102, also ran.
8HEEPSHEAD BAT. Sept. 2.-Thou
sands declared that Hermis should have
been beaten to-day by John Sanford's
game and faat fllly\ Molly Brant. The
noted racer, who gave evidence at Sara
toga of having returned to his best form
having defeated Irish Lad in the Mer
chants' and Citizens' handicap, was pitted
to-day against a field which was not as
strong as those he may be called upon to
meet before the season Is over. Never
theless, it numbered some fast racers,
among them Molly Brant, who on Au
gust 13, at about the same difference in
weight, had forced Hermis to do his beat
to win. If opinions of clever Judges count
for anything Molly Brant should have
won. Jenkins delayed his run too long
and there is no doubt that Sanford's mare
was going stronger and fast getting up to
Hermis as the Judges' stand was reached.
Many a plunger who had laid odds on
the Thomas horse breathed more freely'
as the race ended. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs, on Futurity
course; three-year-olds and upward; aellln?:
Bettlnjr. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to t— Rocky. 107 (Holmes) a 3 1%
SO to 1— Mollie Peyton. 105 (Wade) & 5 2^
8 to 1— Baikal, 103 <J. Carr) 2 1 3 h
Time, 1:1'* a-5. Start bad. Won driving.
vv inner, J. Fltzslmmons' b. c. by CHftord-
Thrllling. Somerset 108, Judge Fulton US. The
Rhymer 113, Guy Park 106. Star and Garter
0."!, Moderator 109, Drop o' Rye 93. Cassvilte
1QU, Athelroy 108. Russell Garth 06. Locket
103, Bar Le Due 103, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Stolen .bases-vVarr Burcrt, Xadeu. ¦ . Errors—
Blake (2>. Mosklman (Z). C/Hara (2), Schwartz.
Nadeau. Gorton (2)/ Two-base hjt— Schwartz.
Sacrifice hits— Hollingsworth. Francla. ..First
base -on errors — Oakland X. Portland 1.- First
base on called" balls— Off- Gooper '2. Left on
bases — Oakland 7; Portland -6.. Struck cut-
By tlutler 1. "Double- plays — Francks to-Mcs
serly. Schwartz toFrancks t q Measerly. Tim«
of game- 1 - 1:15.' Umpire — Levy. ; '.-¦' •
SUMMARY..
In the .eighth inningr . Uncle Peter .be
came tired of seeing Cooper banded - the
wallop by every. member of the Brown-.
les, so he deputized Bill'. Devereaux to
hie himself. to the rubber.- "The auburn-,
haired one was there for. .the. 'two rounds
he pitched and- allowed, neither, bit. nor
run nor base on balls. The score:
Oakland — ¦ • i ¦ Portland —
AB. n. H- P. Jk.\ ¦ . AB. R. H. P. A.
OHara.cf 6 0 3 2 1 Blake. rf. 5 0 O 3 • -I
Kranck.s 4 O 1 • 5 3 VBurn.cf 5 2 3 5 «>
Moskn.Sb \ 0 10 3Xadeu.lt 5. S" g 2 <i
Shwtz,2b 4 0 11 5 Andan.Sb 4 I .1 3 2
Murdk.rf 4 0 0 0 0 Krncls.Sb 3 1 112
Mesly.lb 4 1 0 15" 1 HIswctlJ.s 8 1 '2 2 1
Gorton.c 4 0 10 1 Elspy.lb 4 O 0 » I
Krugr.If 4 12 4 OShea.c. .. 3.0 1 -*.2
Cooper.p. 3 1 2 O 4;Uutler,p. 4 0 O'l • i
Deverx.p-l .0 O' O 0 •'.••• — — -- 1 - '— :—
• i -Totals S6 7 11 27 15
Totals 37 3 10 27 IS • •¦-.•. '.
: -RUNS' AND HITS BY IXNINGS. . .
Portland .........0 1 0 2 2 O 20 0—1
Base. hits w 1 2 1 2 .2 0 3 0- 0^-11
Oakland O O 1 - 0' "-O O 2 . 0 O— 3
Base hits .2 0 .2 0 1 2 2 0 0 — ft
All the member* of the Infirm . team
played bad ball. Dr. Maskiman at third
was good for a pair of errors. O'Hara
had as iff any and Gorton- was also in the
running: with his fellow players. It wa3
terrible to look upon.' When the agony
ceased, the faithful fans heaved sighs of
relief, . • '
The Oakland Cripples relapsed into their
old time habits yesterday at Recreation
Park and the -way they played the bail
was beyond description. "The .Brownies'
did not have them t>eaten a lot. at thatt;
They also twinkled as they did when they.
were in the tali end class. Altogether
the game was the limit for bad ball tos^
elng. Score: Portland. 7; Oakland. 3. •
The game started well and for aw.hll»
the fans had a chance to enjoy them
selves. This sweet condition of affairs wa»
put out of commission in the fifth round,
when "Willie O'Hara shamefully muffed
a fty. Then a couple of hits were at
hand and the Browns scored three runs.
They had a few before that \ and were
well. In the lead from that time- on. ¦
Bad Judgment of Jockey
Probably Responsible
for Filly's Defeat.
Bill Devereaux Takes Turn
In Pitcher's Box and.
; Shines Brightly.^ \
Molly Brant Gives the
Backers of the Noted
Racer a Scare.
Browns Have But tattle
Difficulty Winning
the Game. . /
FORCES HERMIS
TO DO HIS BEST
TEDIOUS COMEDY
OF MANY ERRORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1903.
Gallops Away From Caesar Young's Gray Sprinter EM.
Brattain and Wins the Five Furlong Race in the Fast
Time of One Minute Flat— First Choices Are Defeated
GLENDENNING CREATES A NEW TRACK
RECORD AT THE STATE FAIR GROUNDS
8
. , • . ADVERTISEMENTS.
WiftU^n&iS OUT JF^j^
The most loathsome and repulsive of all NpSe^il/
living things is the serpent, and the vilest and
•most degrading of all human diseases is Contagious Blood Poison. The
serpent sinks its fangs into the flesh and almost instantly the poison passes
through the entire body. Contagious Blood Poison, beginninfwith a little
ulcer, soon contaminates every drop of blood and spreads throughout the
whole system Painful swellings appear in the groins, a red rash and
copper colored splotches break out on the body, the mouth and throat
become ulcerated, and the hair and eye brows fall out ; but these symptoms
are mild compared to tne wretchedness and suffering that come in the latter
stages of the disease when it attacks the bones and more vital parts of the
dy - H 1 *}*** 11 **?* B lood Poison is seen in all its hideous-
ness. The deep eating abscesses and sickening ulcers and tumors show
the whole system is corrupted and poisoned, and unless relief comes soon
this serpent disease tightens its coils and crushes out the life. The only
antidote for the awful virus is S. S. S. It is nature's remedy, com-
S / « s >*—^» posed entirely of vegetable ingredients. S. S. S
f^4 r<^»l destroys every vestige of the poison, purifies the
V^^ J^^ blood and removes all danger of transmitting the
awful taint to others. Nothing else will do this.
v *^ Strong mineral remedies, like mercury and potashj
dry up the sores and drive in the disease, but do not cure permanently.
Send for our home treatment book and write us if in need of medical
advice or special information. This will cost you nothing.
THE^SWIFTJPECIFtCCO., ATLANTA, GA.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; .
HAVANA CIGARSThe executive committee of the Thirty
seventh National Encampment, Grand
Army of the Republic, held a business
session last night. General George Stone,
chairman, reported that there wouM be
a neat little surplus of money after all
obligations had been liquidated. The last
installment of money due the contractors
for the double arch will be paid as fooii
as they receive clearance 'papers from
the Board of Public Works.
Grand Army Encampment.
NEVADA CITT. Sept. 2. — Arransements are
being- perfected for the erection of a commo
dious 'two-«tory - brick and stone structure
which will embrace under .ore roof a modern
theater and larjre lodge rooms. The building
will b« located in the he*rt of the city and
m-Sll have a seating capacity of 1000.
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 2.— A serious
wood famine exists on the lower Yukon.
Steamers arriving at Dawson last week
reported . the shortage so great that the
steamer.* leaving Eagle for down the
river must tow barges of wood. The
utilization of oil by the Northern Com
mercial Company caused many choppers
to stop cutting wood. At -a mass meet
ing last week Dawson miners passed
a resolution unanimously requesting Far
mer Governor Ross to resign his seat in
the Canadian Parliament on account . of
his alleged repudiation of election
pledges.
Wood Famine on the Yukon.
A deed was placed on record yesterday
in the Recorder's office covering the
transfer of a lot of land beginning 273
feet from the southwesterly line of Third
street on the' southeasterly line of Mis
sion street and running 275 feet In width
by 100 feet deep. The seller of the prop
erty Is Henry Frederick Teschemacher of
Territct, canton of Vaud, Switzerland,
and the buyer is the Shiels Estate Com
pany. The acknowledgment is made by
the Consular Agent of the United States
at Vevey, Switzerland.
Big Transfer of Heal Estate.
Japar. 13 Beady for War.
VICTORIA, B. C. Sept. 2.— Advices by
the Bteamer Hyades from Japan Include
an Interview with Count Katsura, j Pre
mier of Japan, in which he said he did
not advocate war, but was prepared to
protect Japan's interests, in Korea and
would not shrink from precipitating war
if these Interests "were Infringed.
Shortage in the Wheat Crop.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 2.— The annual
estimate of the Oregbnlan of the wheat
crop of Oregon, Washington and Idaho
places the total yield in the three' States
for 1903 at 34,750,000 bushels, divided as
follows: Washington, 19,100,000; Oregon,
11,400.000; Idaho, 4,250,000. The crop Is
nearly twenty per cent below that of last
year. ' j-«
Grand Army Veteran Disappears.
SAUNAS. Sept. 2.— Fred Farwell. a
veteran of the Civil War, who served un
der General Miles, went to San Francisco
to attend the Grand Army encampment
and since then has not been heard from.
Ills friends fear that he aether met with
an accident or is the victim of foul play.
Aguinaldo Condemns Gambling*.
MANILA, Sept. 2.— Agulnaldo, the ex
revolutionary leader, butnow a pronounc
ed supporter of the policy maintained by
the United States in the^visland - depend
ency, has Just addressed a letter of advice
to his countrymen. . In this he urges them
to forsake their besetting sin— gambling;
to improve their methods of agriculture
and to attend the public schools so gene
rously provided to afford them education
al facilities. /
MRS. MOLINETJX LEAVES
DAKOTA WITH DIVORCE
Former Wife of the Man Who Was
Tried for Murder Goes
East.
SIOUX FALLS, Sept. 2.— It has been
discovered that Mrs. Roland B. Mollneux
Ira's departed from Sioux Falls and she
is believed to be in New York. A divorce
decree Is- supposed to have been gran ted
to her In some interior county. The testi
mony . In, "her case was taken last July
before a referee at Castlewood, ;Hamlin
County; and the decree was granted a
few days ago.
American Case Strong.
LONDON, Sept. 2.— Arguments of the
United | States and Great Britain, based
on the cases and counter-cases . in the
Alaskan boundary arbitration already
filed, were submitted to-day to the Alas
kan Boundary Commissioners. One of the
Canadian counsel said after reading tfie
American brief that it was a strong doc
ument, but he thought- that Great Britain
had a fighting chance.
Succumbs to Her Injuries.
MONTEREY, Sept. 2.— Miss . Mary
Brown, who was run over, by the Del
Monte Express near Pacific Grove depot
yesterday evening and had both f<*et cut
off, died from her injuries. The deceased,
who had been spending the summer at
Pacific Grove, was a resident of Stockton.
Colima Continues Active.
CITY OP MEXICO, Sept 2.-ColJma
volcano continues intermittently more ac
tive." Mpnday there was a terrific report
and the people in Tuxpan rushed out of
doors in a panic Scientists believe the
mountain will change its shape radically.
Alaska Mines Are Short of Help.
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 2.— The shortage
of workmen continues so great that the
large mines of Southeastern Alaska are
unable to secure sufficient labor, though
they pay high wages. The Treadwell
mines announce their inability to employ
500 men on Douglas Island and in open
ing the Berners Bay mines which the
company has Just purchased. The clos
ing of many Klondike mines last month
because of a water shortage has led Su
perintendent McDonald of the Treadwell
mines to announce in the Skagway pa
pers that his company will employ out
coming miners to the number of 500, guar
anteeing them steady work.
Steal for Agent of France.
BERLIN, Sept. 2.— The sergeant' and
six privates who ' were ' recently, arrested
for treason at Metz, have* confessed that
they stole two bombs with the new secret
fuses-attached for an agent of Prance.
'SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 2. — Labor day la to be
observed as a general holiday and all places of
business are to be closed. In the morning there
will be a big parade, after which literary exr
erclses are. to be held at the Armory. A ball
will be given In the eventn-r.
Trial Board Figures Speed.
PORTLAND, Me., Sept. 2.— The trial
board which witnessed the official run
of the cruiser Cleveland yesterday was in
session to-day figuring up the tidal ques
tions and otherwise preparing its report
on the trip. There was one accident, the
breaking of the port air pump and one
slow-down of something over a minute
to let a schooner go by In safety. She
reached a speed above the contract limit
for a portion of the run, but failed to
average the sixteen and a half knots re
auired.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. L'.— The body of
an unidentified man was found near San
Gabriel this afternoon. He had shot him
self through the head with a 38 caliber
revolver. The man had laid down upon
the ground and put his valise under his
head before tiring the bullet through His
brain. There were no papers of identi
fication except a slip upon which was
written "Luella Helene West, Covlngton,
Ky." The body is that of a man of six
feet two inches and 30 years of age.
Body of a Suicide Is Found.
While Herbert Sterllinir was working
on the roof of the new building of the
Little Sisters of the Poor yesterday he
missed his footine and was precipitated
to the ground below. He struck with
terrific force and sustained Injuries of a
most serious character. He was removed
to the Park Emergency Hospital, where
Dr. J. V. Leonard found that the un
fortunate man had broken his right wrist
and his richt ankle, his face and head
were badly lacerated and there were evi
dences of severe internal injuries. Sterll
ing is a roofer by trade and resides at
272 Lexington avenue.
Roofer Injured hy a Fall.
WOODLAND. Sept. 2.— The old proverb
that "misfortunes never come singly"
has again been verified in the sad .be
reavement of Mrs. Mary Jones. At 3
o'clock this morning her husband, Wital
Jones, 85 years of age, breathed his last.
About 10 o'clock a telegram was received
from Keswlck containing the shocking
annauncemt^ that her son, Mark E.
Jones, a Western Union lineman, had
been run over by a train and kllicd. Mrs.
Jones is overwhelmed with the weight
of the sorrow of this double bereavement.
There will be a double funeral, but the
arrangements are not yet completed.
Mrs. Mary Jones of Woodland Is
Overwhelmed With the Weight of
a Double Bereavement.
loses her husband •
and Son in one day
LONG BEACH, Sept. 2.— Camp Roose
velt, the temporary home of the Southern
California Veterans' Association, was
thronged to-day with visitors and old
soldiers. A large number of Eastern vet
erans who have been in attendance upon
the National Encampment at San Fran
cisco visited the camp, many* of them
finding old comrades, whom they had not
seen for years, among the California
members. - •
Veterans Meet at Long Beach.
KANSAS CITY. Sept. 2.— All the 8000
coal miners in Missouri may become in
volved unless the 500 men in the Novinger
district return to work promptly. They
went out against the orders of President
John Mitchell and in violation of • the
Chicago conference, and the operators
may refuse to enter the conference
scheduled to be held here September 10.
If the operators should decline to con
fer further, it is predicted that it will re
sult in the closing of all the mines in the
State.
Every Coal Mine in Missouri Is
in Danger of Being
Closed.
EIGHT THOUSAND MEN"
MAY CEASE THEIR WORK
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 2.— The directors
of the San Pedro, Los. Angeles and Salt
Lake Railroad held a meeting in this city
to-day. . The, following, changes in the
executive department of the company
were made: Ferdinand K. Rule, auditor,
appointed treasurer; H. I. Bettis, assist
ant auditor, promoted to the position of
auditor; W. H. , Leete, acting treasurer,
appointed paymaster of the company. All
the officers mentioned have their offices
in Los Angeles.
Changes Among Railroad Officials.
'••' . AJtii-aeda Board of Trade Calls a
Meeting Simultaneously With
* .. the Trustees' Conference.
* ALAMEDA, Sept. 2.-Tw 0 meetings at
• which matters pertaining to the local
railroad franchises will be discussed are
¦•scheduled .for to-morrow evening. One
' Will be a -conference at the City Hall of
the members of the Board of City Trus
. • tees and .the citizens' advisory committee
of fifty with Attorneys -Frank Shay and
¦ J. E. Foulds, representatives of the South
• enr Pacific • Company, which corporation
. has been c.Hered the two franchises by
" the municipal U-srlslators on certain con
ditions. The other meeting is one that
': . has been called by President Henry
.Ros£.nthaJ of the Board of Trade to take
* place In room 11 in the Methodist Church
block.
. • It is expectea that the BoarJ of Trade
•will take action to induce the municipal
. • legislators to submit the matter of the
• disposition of the railroad franchises to
: 'a vote of the people, It is generally ua
' ".d.erstood that four members of the Board
"of 'City Trustees are opposed to resorting
"to* the. referendum, as they believe that
• th« master ; of the franchises has been
thoroughly threshed out and as the re
cuft would only be advisory with them
.• they do not- feel that it would aller their
present attitude on the "Question.
RE.0PEXS. TIGHT ON
.* * • RAILROAD FRANCHISES
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Sept. 2.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by • the
County Clerk to-day: John Edmund 3Ic-
Elroy, aged over 21 years, Oakland, and
Anna Elizabeth Haas, over 18, Hay wards;
Charles Burns.. 2S. and Mamie Ball. -27.
both of Oakland: Albert J." Oliver, 31/ and
Edna Boeusch, 20-, both of "San Francisco;
Guy W. Smith, 21, and Marie A. J.
Heincke, 18 both of Oakland.-
The police at the Hall of Justice re
ceived a telephone call from 1000 Mason
street last night, . telling of the appear
ance there of burglars. Patrolmen Rltig,
Isaacs and Skelly were dispatched to the
house, but on their arrival could find
neither burglars nor a trace of them.
During the excitement and while waiting
the arrival of the patrolmen, Professor
A_ O. Leuschner fired two shots from his
revolver to attract the police on the beat,
and wom«-i left their beds hurriedly and
rushed fnto the streets in their night
robes. A sharp lookout is being kept In
the vicinity, as it is surmissed that some
of the footpads who have been recently
much In evidence are ready with more
surprises.
Alarmed by Burglars.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Sept. 2.— The
Governor announced this afternoon to "a
delegation , of banana planters that Co
lonial Secretary Chamberlain had ap
proved the" proposal that the" Colonial
Bank should issue a loan of $50,000 on
Government security in aid of the estates
which suffered the greatest devastation
by the recent cyclone. The Governor
also foreshadowed extensive relief works
to be established by the Government to
provide labor for the unemployed and
destitute. The colonists are - dissatisfied
with the attitude of the imperial authori
ties, but regard the measures adopted as
simply temporary.
Regard Relief Measures for . Hurri
cane Sufferers as Temporary
and Unsatisfactory.
BANANA PLANTERS VISIT
GOVERNOR OE JAMAICA
SAN JOSE. Sept. 2.— Ex-District Attor
ney B. A. Herrington. one of the best
lawyers in this city, was charged with,
carrying a concealed weapon this evening
by Al Bernal. A warrant was issued by
Justice Davisdn, but up to midnight Her
rington had not been arrested. The trou
ble grows out of litigation between J. S.
Smith and his wife, Cora B. Smith, for
possession of the California lodging
house en West Santa Clara street. Her
rington is Smith's ; attorney. Late this
afternoon Smith charged Al Bernal and
three others with disturbing his peace,
and Bernal retaliated by swearing to the
warrant against Herrington.
Secures Warrant Against Attorney.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2.— The Metropoli
tan Line steamer H. M. Whitney, bound
for Boston, was in collision in the East
River to-day with the gunboat Scorpion.
The Scorpion struck the Whitney on the
starboard bow and drove two holes in
the vessel, one about seven feet above
the water-line and the other about two
feet above. The Whitney put back . to
her pier, where she discharged her freight
and passengers. The Scorpion had a large
hole stove in her bow. She proceeded to
the navy yard, where she was pumped
out and laid up for repairs.
Scorpion Drives Holes in the Metro
politan Liner H. M. Whitney
in East River.
GUNBOAT AND STEAMER
IN BOW-ON COLLISION
RIVERSIDE, Sept. 2.— Three men-were
hurt this morning by, the premature ex>
plosion of some powder at Pachapha HIM,
where the Salt Lake Railroad Is -ple?clng
the ledge for Its road Into Riverside. John
Schrelver, foreman for Grant Bros., the
contractors, was badly' burned a.bout the
face and may lose his eyesight. C. H.
Lohr and a Mexican, both laborers, were
less seriously injured. .
Explosion Injures Workmen.-
By a divided vote the board allowed the
claim of L. G. Rhodes of San Francisco
for $279 lor services as expert.
At the afternoon session Kern County
was represented by J. M. Jameson, As
sessor J. W. Ahem, District Attorney H.
A. Jaster. C. A. Canfield and W. S.' Por
ter, Supervisors. It was shown that there
has been an Increase In values in the last
few years from the oil industry. Farm
lands have suffered' because of lack of
water.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. ""2.— The return of
the Assessor of Tulare County was con
sidered by the State Board of Equaliza
tion this morning. The total assessment
In 1902 was $14,031,479. This year it is
J15,002,4S3. Assessor Arthur Crowley re
ferred to the boom in his county and to
inflated and nctitious values from 18S4
to 1S&0. Some of the villages, he said,
have been depopulated since 1890. There
are three irrigation districts in the coun
ty. The wheat crop lias almost been a
failure. The bank3 sell the lands they
foreclose on for less than they are mort
gaged for. . V
Arguments Made to Show That As
sessments of Interior Counties
Should Not Be Increased.
STATE EQUALIZERS HEAR
' PROTESTS OF ASSESSORS
HARRISBURG, Pa., Sept 2.— The
Democratic State Convention nominated
the following ticket to-day by acclama
tion: .
Auditor General— Senator A. G. Dewalt,
Lehlgh County.
State Treasurer— Senator" Joel G. Hill,
Wayne County.
Judges of the Supreme Court— Ex- Judge
Calvin Reyburn," Armstrong County, and
John A. Ward, Philadelphia.
The platform adopted is briefer than
the usual Democratic declaration of prin
ciples, and is devoted entirely to State
issues. The greater part of it deals with
the last Legislature and its work and the
conduct of the State government.
Solely.
PENNSYLVANIA DEMOCRATS
NAME A STATE TICKET
Platform Adopted Is Very Brief and
Deals With Local Issues
LONDON, Sept. 2.— Embassador Choate
to-night gave a dinner to Chief Justice
Alverstone and all the Alaskan boundary
commissioners. Judge John M. Dickson,
representing the American counsel, and
Sir Robert Finlay and Sir Edward Car
son representing the British counsel.
Chief Justice Alverstone to-morrow will
be chosen chairman of the commission,
which will be assembled In the cabinet
room of the Foreign Office. An adjourn
ment for a fortnight will then be taken
to allow counsel to prepare their oral ar
guments. Three counsel on each side will
address tho commission.
There is a disposition on the part of
the commissioners to hasten the conclu
sion of the case and It is now believed
that the award will be rendered In the
middle of October.
Addresses on Alaskan Boundary Will
Be Made by Three Counsel
'. on Each Side.
CHOATE GIVES BANQUET
TO THE COMMISSIONERS
NEEDLES, Sept. 2.— A. E. Eldrldge,
chief clerk in the bridge and building de
partment of the Santa Fe company, was
captured at Hackberry yesterday and
brought here last night. He Is accused
of carrying ¦ straw men on the company's
payrolls. He had his preliminary hear
ing before Justice Root to-day and of
fered no defense.
Eldrldge left Needles Monday, having
learned that his crime was discovered.
He drew his pay, borrowed money from
his friends and then Issued a pass to
himself for Albuquerque. At Yucca the
conductor received a message asking for
his arrest. Eldridge read the dispatch
over his shoulder and escaped from. the
train at Yucca before he could be placed
under arrest. Deputy Sheriff Lane struck
his trail later and made the arrest at
Hackberry.
Company by Means of Dum
mies on the Payroll.
GRAVE CHARGES AGAINST
SANTA FE RAILROAD CLERK
He Is Accused of Defrauding the
BERKELEY, Sept 2.— Town Marshal '
Kerns believes that Charles Gaylor.the
burglar caught in a linen closet yesterday
by Mrs. Leon J. Richardson, aided by, her
husband and father. Warring Wilkinson.,
is the thief who committed a number; of .
burglaries during last month. Chief of
these crimes was the plundering of A.- H.
Handle's jewelry store of J2TX) worth of
watches and spectacles, and It is through
these watches Kerns hopes to Identify
the captured burglar. Nothing was found ;
in the man's room when it. was searched "
but a note telling of his fruitless attempts
to rob Miss Head's school, which was ad-.' '
dressed to a supposed confederate, . Kerns
Is keeping the name to himself .in .the*
hope of catching him. in which case he
will probably find the place used by. the
burglars for the disposal jaf the stolen
goods. • .-_. :-¦.-;.*'".
Gaylor*s preliminary examination will
be held to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock
in Justice Kdgar's court. : He has sum
moned as witnesses Kerns, Constable •
Pickett and the bartender or the saloon at '
Adelirfe and Felton streets, by whom ha
expects to prove that he was Intoxicated *
at the time of the Richardson episode."
Sergeant Lewis B. Willis. Seventh In
fantry, will go to Seagirt, N. J., to shoot
for the national trophy, which competi
tion will take place September 8.
Colonel Palmer H. Ray. Fourth Infan
try, TL T . S. A., will sail on the transport
Logan on the 5th inst. to join his com
pany, which went to the Philippines on
June 1.
Three batteries of field artillery. Cap
tain C. A. Bennett in command, left yes
terday morning for target practice at
Sargent, this State. Besides the com
manding officer there were in the party
Major W. E. Birkhimer, artillery In
spector; Captain Ira Haynes, Captain J.
L. Hayden, Lieutenants P. K. Brice, Mc-
Intyre Langdon and H. L. Landers.
General MacArthur is accompanied on
his tour by his aid, Captain Parker W.
West; Mrs. MacArthur and his son,
Lieutenant Douglas MacArthur.
Surgeon General Robert M. O'Reilly,
accompanied by Major William C. Bor
den of the medical department of the
army, arrived in San Francisco last
night. Surgeon O'Reilly came on to in
spect the general hospital at the Pre
sidio and to look Into the many Improve
ments that are taking place in that in
stitution at the present time.
Major General Arthur MacArthur, com
mander of the Department of California,
left last night for Southern California on
a general tour of inspection of the fortifi
cations and barracks in that part of the
State. He will be present at the quar
terly season of target practice at San
Diego and will probably be away from
his post about two weeks.
rives From Washington With
Assistant, Major Borden.
Surgeon. General R. M. O'Reilly Ar-
BEIjIETVES THE BURGLAR
ROBBED OTHER PLACES
GENERAL MACARTHTJR GOES
ON TOUR OF INSPECTION
TACOMA, Sept. 2. — A romantic mar
riage has just taken place at. Erhmett,
Idaho, near Boise. Thomas J. Hamilton
of Portland, now G2 years of age, has just
married the wife of his youth, Mrs. .Vic
toria Witt of Emmett, who is now 56
years old, after a separation of thirty
years.
Hamilton came across the plains when
he was 11 vears of age. One year later
Mre. Hamilton came across the plains in
an ox wagon. She was then 7 years, of
age. The children soon became acquaint
ed and after growing up together mar
ried. They lived together five years, dur
ing which time two sons were born. They
bad no real quarrel, but agreed to dis
agree and separate. A few years later
Hamilton married in San Francisco, but
his second wife is now dead.
Mrs. Hamilton was married in.lSSO to
J. V. R. Witt, a pioneer of Boise Basin.
Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton were separated
for thirty years, during which time they
never saw each other and not a word
passed between them. Both say, how
ever, that they never gave each other
up entirely. Their son, who arrived at
Err.mett Eome time ago on a viBlt to his
mother, was instrumental in effecting the
reunion and is well pleased at the re
sult.
Portland Man Remarries Wife From
Whom He Separated Thirty
Years Ago.
ROMANTIC WEDDING
TAKES PLACE IN IDAHO
OMAHA, Nebr.. Sept. 2.— Backed by tfie
Union and Southern Pacific, Northwest
ern, New York Central and Lake Shore,
a plan is now on foot to run a train from
coast to coast and for this purpose a
company is being organized with a cap
ital of $1,000,000 to furnish the equipment
and handle the train. It is understood
that all of the stock in the new company
will be held by the roads mentioned, over
whose tracks the train will run.
The train will not only be a through
train from New York City to San Fran
cisco, but will, it Is calculated, make the
Journey from ocean to ocean in from, ten
to twelve hours less than It can be done
with the best connections at present. For
several years the Harriman interests
have been working toward this end. and
have spent millions of dollars in straight
ening their tracks and reducing the
grades, so that better time and service
might be given.
Expected to Lessen Time From San
Francisco to New York
Ten Hours.
BAXLBOADS PLANNING
TRANSCONTINENTAL TRAIN
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 2.— A Vancouver,
B. C, special says: The call has come for
Jim Wardner to cross the Great Divide
and in the hills there is profound sorrow.
The most popular mining : promoter and
raconteur r of the Pacific Northwest Is dy
ing from blood poisoning in a Milwaukee
hospital! Several months ago Wardner
traveled through the mining districts of
Nevada and .in . the course of the. trip
drank from a stream by. the roadside. A
cyanide mill discharged Into the stream
close above and he inadvertently swal
lowed a chemical solution used in the pro
cess. The poison entered his system and
he was ill for, several weeks, but finally
it was thought he had recovered. A- re
lapse occurred and he was sent to the hos
pital at Milwaukee, where his daughter
resides. The latest telegraphic reports are
to the effect that the physicians have
given up all hopes and this intelligence
has been broken to the sufferer.
James Wardner, Well i Known
Throughout Pacific North-west, Is
Victim of Blood Poisoning-.
MINING MAN OF NOTE
IS DYING IN' MILWAUKEE
"I don't believe there was any motive
back of the shooting." said Mr. Hicks to
day. "It was simply some drunken mis
creant. But whoever he was the reckless
fellow might have killed some of us with
his promiscous shooting."
Marshal Kerns Is trying to trace the
shooter and believes he has a clew In a
footprint found in front of the Hicks
home.
"With a reckless disregard of the conse
quences, some miscreants fired a volley of
pistol shots shortly after midnight this
morning on Benvenue avenue. On© of
the bullets crashed through a plate glass
window in the front of the residence of
Lewis Hicks of 2631 Benvenue avenue, and
that no one was killed was no fault of the
shooter, for he kept on firing- shot after
shot. After going through the glass the
bullet dropped to the floor, having been
nearly spent. The noise aroused members
of the family, who went downstairs and
later found the bullet - on the carpet In
the parlor.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2143 Center , Street, Sept 2.
Eurr-ose. after having been refused this as
' ' the' only means given him for self vrotectlon
. without violating tome of the ordinances of
the; city, he ehould be pet uj>on by some four
cr. five "or e'sht or ten or a set of men. who
threatened 16 beat -him or break h!s head, and
• the; like. i» there any man in the world with
¦ arty c-rrmon reasoning pense of Justice in him,
tut- what would say to this man; "Defend
-'••yourself — the city government has failed to
• clve.: you mear-s of protection, therefore you
ha-ve" the right to defend yourself, even If it
. • should* t>» ia face of and in violation of the
'¦. crj'.sarvces .r?f' the city of Oakland, which has
'¦•¦¦failed -to protect you- under iU own laws"? Is
•it necessary: "has • it become necessary for me.
¦'¦- a* an -attorney at law. or the attorneys for this
'defendant or hi* company, to advise or ask
. . -men to go around the streets of this city with
¦ ' revolvers "strapped oil the outside of their cloth
"- Ing fcr 'their protection? Has it come to that
¦'¦¦ that the city, of Oakland cannot protect its
' citisyr.s end their lives from being injured by
; : the'la'bor. orf-anliation sr.l; the like? Must I
..'wear a KVh - after this speech in this town.
-.. '¦trTs-Fijed' around my fre't?
..-'..Oakes 'was a' strike' breaker. "While
'. working .on a telephone pole on August
¦ '.J5 at Twer.ty-secend rtreet and San Pablo
•.'¦avraue he was accosted fcy half a dozen
" striking -linemen, who. according to
-..Oa.fces. threw rocks at hiiii and . cursed
hirn. Tbfcy invited h!rn to come down the
• .pole; which .Oakes did. at the same time
• •dr^w'in'? his p»?t61. arA declaring he
. would shoot '.the first man who attacked
•'him. ; Later* H. J. Morgan, one of tne
.- * p.frikers, caused Oakes' arrest. Police
' "Judge Mortimer Smith fined Qakes $10.
EIGHT OF DEFENSE.
• NO EIGHT TO ATTACK.
. . But It has not the rtrfct to eay to him. or
to any me-xibar of the organization. "You can
net flo 60 and so or we will break your head."
It has zto right to attack, by it* members, or
'toy Its ejTcpathizers. an honest citizen trying
. to *arn a living to eurp^rt himself and his
*er\ mother because he does not belong to
thetr orfranixatioa arid obey their rules. I say.
'there ts a rule higher than the law laid down
' by the land, and that is the law of %e\i de
' ferae. • of self protection. It is what we call
In legal language the right of pelf protection.
. It Is a. law given tcr uf r>y God, and any man
in the United 5?tatey has the God -given right,
th* constitutional. ripfct. to protect himself from
bofilljr harm at the hands of the Ftrlklng line
men or anybody else, and thskt is what this de
fendant ' was doing et the time he committed
this offense.
I bow to no labor organization that attempts
. to tell me what 1 shall do. what work J shall
engsiire In. as long as my occupation be an
.hoaest one, enS t am endeavoring to support
myself aad' family. I tsay that when a man
endeavbrinr to earn an honest livelihood to
•ruppori hiir.»e!f and those d»i>endent upon him
ca.nnot do so- uniees it pleases these labor
unions, "then: Is the time that a man should
IWome a law unto blmselt. It may be true
•that the city • go venunent has a right to pass
• an ordinance and I concede that it has a right
to pasa an ordinance that will tend to keep
•the JWacfv and protect its citizens and their
traffic,- and it has a right to pass an ordinance
and aay. "I eh&U not carry a concealed weapon
or a weaion of defense," but If It has that
'light. It also then mutt provide adequate pro
tection to roe and to rny, property through and
by the city government, or the city authorities.
ri that I will not b« called upen to use my
own tScrts. to protect my«lf or tny property.
¦ In Cefendng the action of Henry Oakes,
:•» 'telephone compE*ny employe, arrested
; ?°c carrying a pistol without a permit.
Attorney George E. de Go!la In the Police
Court to-&&j delivered a 6corch!ng blast
particularly aimed against the conditions
¦which; he declared, compelled workmen
.wKo desired to work to carry weapons for
•eJXrdeferiBe. Tba attorney, during his
. speech, said:
I-.t&vt in tsy dial occurrencei that have
' "trper.ti to people who have obtained the cis
l:ke of §..n.e c-T&nlzatiOBB of this city, of
whlc!» #.::.» oj ti-.e w2tae»«es. I take it. are
i&ezubers. <md h&ve ¦u^ered in consequence of
•ucfa d--«,:l'.«, corzi* of them Quit* seriously, but
I t*2l&k cs a citizen c: tbls town, and repre
¦ ftrrtir.g Mr< OaJcea la this matter, that my pos;-
Vtloa at t£t bar of this court will warrant me in
I ret tr.tir.g to th» - court a lew pea.cea.ble re
• rr.Lrl:* :r. tit defense. *N*o cr.e more than I
- raooffsisei tfat Tight of the American citizen
"¦ to orgtxlzu t^.t protect himself along the lines
.laid iorni tv •.!.« law. and no one I trie It
<e«ls more respect for the law than I Co. hav
; ing bcea brought up in it, and in the practice
-. of It for cotarthi&c over twenty odd years. It
. ee*in» to 'me that the law of the land ehould
> be higher, thaa ••:.• will of a few strikers, or
* any labor unions or the members of them.
Later baa tha r.ght to organize and protect
'. lt«el£. It. has this ripht to eay to the men who
¦ subscribe to the rules and regulations of its
. UEl(S&*,- you DaM do to and eo. or be expelled
from the orgcnizatlon.
Oakland Office Baa Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Eept i.
The Arnolds roomed with Mrs. Robin
son in a lodging-house she conducts at
IIO314 Broadway. The gems were stolen
and Mrs. Robinson put the matter into
the hands of private detectives. At the
examinations no proof to substantiate the
charges was produced and the cases were
dismissed. The Arnolds allege that the
complaint was sworn to without probable
cause.
On May 27 last Mra. Robinson went be
fore Justice of the Peace Mortimer Smith
and Prosecuting Attorney Abe Leach and
swore to a complaint charging the Arn
olds with stealing $1000 worth of diamonds
from her. They were arrested and taken
before th*a committing' magistrate, and
after their preliminary examinations the
charges were dismissed.
As a result of the notoriety caused by
the publication of the charges and the
reports of the proceedings they claim they
are entitled to damages and ask for $25,000
and $500 attorney fees.
As an outcome of charges made by Mrs.
M. C. Robinson accusing Elolse Arnold
and her husband, Charles E. Arnold, with
stealing her diamonds the Arnolds this
afternoon, through their attorney, M. C.
Chapman, Instituted a suit for $25,000 dam.
ages for the humiliation and disgrace
caused them by their arrest for the of
fense.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Sept. 2.
Herons that cannot roost In Alameda
without annoying its residents will have
to leave town or suffer the consequences.
Dr. Kate P. Van Orden has complained to
the Board of . Health and Informed its
members of the bacchanalian revels of the
peace-breaking squawkers that take up
their abode nightly in the vicinity of Paru
street and San Antonio avenue.
"Thea.e birds are a nuisance," said Dr.
Van Orden. "They congregate in flocks
In the trees and -make night hideous with
their screams. They are a menace to
the neighborhood and especially annoying
and alarming to ladles and children after
dark. Something should be done to drive
.the herons away."
As Dr. Van Orden is herself a mem
ber of the Board of -Health it has been
decided to instruct Sanitary Inspector Eu
gene C. Malllott to confer with Chief of
Police John Conrad and arrange for a
war of extermination against the birds
that squawk. Maillott believes that the
herons can be driven from the trees with
a fumigating apparatus. Conrad favors
shooting the bipeds and City Electrician
G. A". Wiese asserts that he can string
a number of live wires through the trees
that will end the squawking of any heron
that essays to roost upon them.
ALAMEDA, Sept/2.-Hundreds of night
herons that equawk are causing more ex
citement and disturbance in the fashion
able residence neighborhood of Paru
street and San Antonio avenue than ever
did the arrival of a stork in that vicinity.
Officials of the health, police and electric
light departments have' been called upon
to suppress or capture, dead or alive, the
noisy feathered bipeds that go on a
"bird" of. a time every, night and Inter
rupt the slumbers and snores of law
abiding citizens and taxpayers living In
that section of the city. Several groves
of trees In the afflicted district afford the
loud-mouthed herons first-class lodgings,
and when great flocks of the squawkera
come home roost at. late nocturnal
hours, when even sober people are com
pelled to locate the keyhole with a match,
everybody in the neighborhood, whether
asleep or awake. Is apprised of the ar
rival of the blustering birds.
.PHOENIX, Ari«., Sept 2.— a. south
bound freight train on the Santa Fe,
Phoenix and Prescott ' Railroad . was
wrecked' this afternoon near Ram's Gate
section, between Iron Springs' and Skull
Valley, by the breaking of a car wheel.
A car of machinery, a car of oil and a car
of rails went down ah embankment and
other. cars were derailed.
Brakeman George McGrath, brother of
Passenger Conductor McGrath, .of ' the
same road, was last seen on- one of the
ditched cars a moment before the wreck.
He could not be found after the disaster
and It Is feared he Is under the wreckage.
No advices have been received since the
wrecking train was ordered to the scene.
McGrath Is a cousin of the McGrath who
was a member of the engine crew in tho
collision at- Vail's Station on the South
ern Pacific last spring and who was
killed In that: disaster.
Miss Johnson was the first witness and
she Epent the afternoon in the witness
chair. Attorney Moore attempted to con
tradict her statement in regard to the
brakeman calling out that the next sta
tion was JClles. To maintain his point
he referred to a former complaint in the
case. As the former suit was brought
by the plaintiffs stepfather, S. C. Man
pon. and this statement made by him to
the attorneys the court ruled she could
not be bound by It
The jurors trying the case are: "W. D.
Thomas, E. H. "Waterman. Mlnford Y.
Smith. C. A. Cole. Carl Berlin. R. H.
Casterson. H. Turn Suden, A. A. Demars,
W. E. Atchison. W. W. Dixon, E. J,
Blanding and C. B. Rice.
According to the complaint. It Is al r
leged that ehe was returning to her home
from a trip to Mount Tamalpals. Shortly
before the train reached Niles a brake
man called out that the next station was
NU.es. The train slowed down and stop
ped and with a basket in her hand the
young girl was alighting from the train,
when it suddenly started and she was
thrown off. The train had stoused be
fore reaching the station. The girl's head
struck on a pile of railroad ties.
Gertrude Johnson is 16 years of age,
and on October 22, 1902, she was thrown
from the Eteps of a Southern Pacific train
near Xiles and her skull was fractured,
one of her arms was broken and her sys
tem was injured.
The trial of the euit of jGertrude John
son for $20,515 damages against the South
ern Pacific Railway wan begun before
Judge Ogden and a Jury to-day. Attorney
D. M. Delmas and Clarke & Clarke are
counsel for the plaintiff and Attorney A.
A. Moore and his sons, A. A. Moore Jr.
and Stanley Moore, are looking out for
the railroad company.
Oakland OfQce San Francisco Call)
1118 Broadway, Sept 2.
After consuming nearly three days in
an effort to obtain a jury to sit In trial tin*
Victor "Walkfrez. . the self-confessed mur
derer of aged Elizabeth I^eroy, the panel
was completed this afternoon and the fol
lowing men have the fate of the young
negro In their hands": "William. Berry. Pat
rick Carroll. J. A. F.. Schnoor. [William. II.
Rouse, Reuben "Wiand. John H. TToy, ; 3.
U Potter, Emll Klrchoff. Charles M. .Cor
nell, Nelson : Provost, "W. Thornally and :
Thomas E. McGuire. . *.*• *
The trial was begun by District At
torney Allen, who made a short opening
statement of the crime for which Walk'.- "
res. Is now being tried. He then lntfo^
duced drawings and diagrajas of the I>
roy house, made by the County Surveyor,.
for the purpose of showing where the"'
murder was committed and the body hid
den. ¦ . : .
. Dr. O. IX Hamlln was the next witness
called and he brought with him. the skull
of Mrs. Leroy to show that tho skull had
not been fractured by a blow, but that'
the woman had been killed by strangula— '
tlon. ¦ . . '
A petition was filed by Public Adminis
trator George Gray to-day, to sell the. ef
fects of Mrs. Leroy In order to pay fu
neral expenses and thoSe of the Adminis
trator. The estate consists of a small
quantity of personal property arid a small
house and lot valued at JJOQ located* at.
Halleck avenue and Green street. V. "
Other witnesses examined for the .firqs- ¦
ecution were Dr. J. M. Kane, who "assist-.
ed at the Leroy autopsy; Deputy Coroner*
Henry Quellen and Detective Denny* Ifol-.
land. Unless there shall be a fight 'over*
the admission of the confession' made", by _^
"Walkirez, District Attorney Allen expects"
to complete his case to-morrow. Hia ¦wit-.*
nesses will be Chief of Police Hodgklns.
Captain of Police Petersen, Detective •
George Kyte and Mrs. Anna. Ross, tho'
negro stranger's consort. . . '
Oakland Off ce San Francisco Call;
1113 Broadway. Sept £ •
Confessed |«Iurderer of Aged.
Woman Confronted" by ,
Her Skull; - .
Attorneys Delmas and Moore
Are Opposed in Defense
of Client's Claims.
Police Oourt.
Scathing Speech on Labor
Situation Is Made in the
Brakeman Is Missing and it
Is Feared That He Lost '
His Life.
Were Charged With Stealing
Diamonds and Want
$25,000.
Town Marshal Kerns Finds
Footprints of Armed
Miscreant.
Feathered Bipeds Scream at
Night and Awaken the
Residents.
Reckless Shooter Fires
\ Into the Hicks
•Attorney de Golia De
• fends Working Line
man's Action.
Beginning of Trial in a
Suit Against the Rail- 1
road.
Arnolds Institute Suit
Against Mra M. O.
Robinson. .
Officials After Squawk
Herons That Disturb
. . the Peace.
Freight Cars Jump Rails
and Boll Down an
Embankment.
.Victor Walkirez Case- Is\
Now on Trial at
Oakland.
BULLET CRASHES
THROUGH WINDOW
CLAIMS PISTOL
USE WAS RIGHT
FATE OF NEGRO
IN JURY'S HANDS
MISS JOHNSON
WANTS $25,000
BAD BIRDS MUST
LEAVE ALAMEDA
WANT DAMAGES
FOR DEFAMATION
WHEEL BREAKS
WRECKING TRAIN
THB : SAN KBAKOISCO CALL, -THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3. 1903.
The Rev. • Dr. Francis M. Larkln will
give a stereoptlcon lecture on the" Yo
semite Valley at Grace Methodist Epis
copal Church, corner of Twenty-first and
CaDD streets. .Friday nljrht. September 1
Lecture on Yosemite Valley.
"WOODLAND, Sept. 2.— At a meetine of
the. Woodland Sultana Raisin Growers'
Association, held Tuesday night, prices
were fixed as follows: Two-crown. 6
cents: 3-crown, 6% cents; ¦ 4-crown, 6?4
cents per pound.' These are for raisins
packed in 50-pound boxes, f. o. b., to -any
common shipping point The local asso
ciation and the Fresno association now
control 90 per cent : of the crop of Cali-
Baisin Growers Fix Prices.
Judge M. M. Estee of Hawaii will be
the guest of honor at a luncheon in the
Union League Club to-day. He will sail
for his post of duty in Honolulu next
Saturday.
¦ A. P. Williams, former United States
Senator and now president of the United
Republican League, yesterday
from his summer outing In Plumas
County.
PERSONAL.
TACOMA, Wash., Sept 2.— H. T. Wills,
manager of the Canadian Bank of Com
merce at Dawson, who Is en route home
from Montreal and other Canadian cities,
brings the news that the Canadian offi
cials and projectors of the Grand Trunk
Pacific Railway Intend to follow lta com
pletion to the coast with an extension
from Port. Simpson, Its tidewater termi
nus, to Dawson and other Yukon points.
Wills has no doubt that with Govern
ment aid such a line will be. built
Will Extend Grand Trunk Line.
9
"
SICK HEADACHE,.
.. Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Constipa-
"tion, Biliousness,, Heartburn or
Nausea can be quickly cured if you
win only take Hostetter's Stom-
' ach Bitters at the first symptom.
There can be no disappointment
' .because it contains only those in-
gredients that will strengthen the
stomach and cure these ailments^
" We urge you to try it the 'next
time your stomach gets out of or-
der. The genuine must have our
Private Stamp on neck of bottle.
HOSTETTER'S *
STOMACH BITTERS.
ADVUHTTSTTTyi KNTS. '. .
Mr r s*"223EKDle*»
Fa prominent club woman, ¦
Mrs. Danforth, of St. Joseph,
Mich., tells how she was cured
of falling of the womb and its
accompanying pains. .
"Life looks dark indeed when ft
woman feels that her strength is sap-
ping away and she haa no hopes of
ever being restored* Such was my
feeling a few months, ago when I
was advised that my poor health was,
caused by prolapsus or. falling of the
womb. The words souadsd like »
knell to me, I felt that my sun had set' :
but Lydto E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Componnd came to me as as
elixir of life; it restored the lost
forces and built mo up until my good
health returned to- me. For, fotg* .
months I took the medicine daily and
each dose added health and strength.
I am so thankful for the helr> J
obtained through its. . use." — Mas.
Fi/jrescb I>A3rroKni, 1007 Miles Are.,
St. Joseph, Mich. — $5000 forfeit If original of
above tetttr proving gtnutntntss cannot ba produced.
The record of Lydla E. Pink-
ham* s Vegetable Compound can-
not be equalled, by any other
medicine in the ¦world.
"FREE MEDICAL ADV1GE TO WOMEN.*
. Women would save time and
much sickness if they would
write to Mrs. Pinkham, Iijnn,
Mass., for advice as soon aa anj
distressing symptoms appear.
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested , to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's -premium rates will, *b«
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24. .:TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. j From. I Due.
Rival./ Wlllapa Harbor .. Sept. 3
San Pedro Humboldt Sept. G
Arctic Humboldt Sept. 3
Brooklyn Mendocino & Pt.- Arena Sept. 3
Santa Rosa... San Diego <fc Way 1'ts. iSejit. d
Ccos Bay San Pedro & Way PU.ISept. 3
Phoenix Mendocino Sept. 4
Wyefleld 1 Nanaimo Sept. 4
Eureka ' Humboldt Sept. 4
Nevadan Honolulu |Sept. 4
Umatllla l'ugct Sound Ports iSepi. 4
Pomona...... Humbcldt ISept. B
Argo Eel River Ports |Sept. 5
Redondo. Humboldt ..|Sept. 0
Czarina Coos Bay |Sept. C
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma (Sept. «
Newburg Grays Harbor |Sept. 6
Montara Port Harford ISept. 6
Chehalis Grays Harbor Sept. 7
North Fork... Humboldt Sept. 7
State of Caf. . San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 7
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. Sept. 7
Columbia Portland & Astoria Sept. 7
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 7
Dfl Norte.... Crescent City Sept. 7
Centralia Grays Harbor Sept. 8
S. Barbara... Brattle & Olympla Sept. S
Corona.' Humboldt Sept. 8
S. Monica. . . . Pan Pedro Sept. 8
Arcata. Coos Bay & Pt. Orford|Sept. 9
Queen Puget. Sound Ports. . .[Sept. 0
Colon ¦. •• New York via Panama. Sept. u
Rainier Seattle & Whatconi...|Sept. 9
Point Ar»>na.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Sept. 10
Chlng Wo... China & Japan Sept. 10
S. Portland.. Portland & Astoria Sept. 10
H. K. Maru.. China & Japan ISept. 11
Marlposa Tahiti ISept. 12
Uarda Hamburg & Way Pts.|Sept. 12
O W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria... .ISept. 12
Centennial. . . Seattle & Tacoma |5cpt. 13
TO SA1U ¦-*-' '>
Steamer. Destination. Palls. Pier.
September S. I
Chlco Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
S Pedro... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 10 am Pier lti
fetaie of Cai. San Diego & Way. u am|Pl«r IV
Korea China & Japan 1 pm|Pier «u
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier it
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 3 pro Pier 2
September 4.
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p^ler* 8
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 10 am) Pier la
September S. |
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm|Pier 2
Peru.. N. Y. via Panama, la rniPier 40
Alameda... Honolulu Z 11 am|Pler 7
G. W. Elder Astoria Ac Portland ll.aui|i'ler 2i
Rival Wlllapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier Z
September ft |
Phoenix.... Mendocino City ... 1 pm|Pier 13
Kureka Humboldt » am|Pler 13
Redondo Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm|Pler 2
Santa Rosa. S. Diego & W. Pts. it amlPler la
CotM Bay... San Pedro Way Pts U am Pier l\>
September 7. |
Pomona:... Humboldt |l:30 plPler 9
Argo .-. Eel River Ports....) 4 pm| Pier i
Curacao Mexican Ports .'...|10 amjPier la
September S. |. |
S. Monica.. Gray's Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Centralia... Lob Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. U am Pier »
September 10.
Bcnlta. . . • • • [ Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 19
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 rim|Pler 10
Chehalis Grays Harbor li pmjPier 2
September 11.
Gaelic China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahului.. a pm Pier 16
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier '1
September 111.
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
September i:t.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|PIer 9
from Seattle! ¦ '¦¦ - • "
Steamer. For. _ I Sails.
Al-Kl Skagway & Way PortS|Sept. "(,
UiriRo Skagway & Way PortsiSept. \,
Dolphin Skagway & Way Pts..|Sept. G
bertha Cooks Inlet & Way PtsiSept. i
CotugeClty.. Skagway & Way Portg.|Sept. n
Meteor Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 10
Farallon Skagway & Way Pts.. Sept. 12
Oregon.. Nome direct Sept. 12
City Topeka.. Rkagway & "Way Port*. ISept. 13
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way PortsiSept. 14
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way PtsjUept. its
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 2.-At the
intercity matinee to-day an attempt was
made by C. K. G. Billings to drive The
Monk and Equity to beat the team record
of 2:12»1. The pair finished in 2:12%, a
quarter of a second behind the record.
Billings After Another Becord.
The directors of the Pacific Coast Base
ball League have come to the conclusion
that rowdyism on the diamond must be
stopped. They have addressed a circular
to the umpires instructing them to put
anyone, outside of the captain of a team,
out of a game for registering a kick
against decisions. 'All fines must be col
lected Immediately after being levied and
reported to the secretary of the league.
Rowdyism to Be Stopped.
A sixty-fbur-dog stake will be the card
on Sunday at Union Coursing Park. From
the high-class entry it would seem the
owners of the fleetest greyhounds on the
coast had all determined to run their rep
resentative this week. The most sen
sational trial will be between the cham
pions Pocatelli and Palo Alto, which pair
will meet in the eighth course. Tho draw
last night resulted as follows:
Rural Artist vs. Fair Tralee; Precita Maid
vs. Vina; Mountain Poet vs. Roman Athlete;
Thelma vs. Haphazard; Old Ironsides vs. Belle
£ ree: , J Falr Oaks vs - R°yal Archer; Algy Mc-
JJonald vs. Pralrln Maid; Pocatelli vs. Palo
Alto: \an Nora vk. Rubber Ankles; Reno vs.
Consort; Harvey M vs. Ray Hughle; Real Ar
ticle vs. Mlnnlo Horgan; America vs. Golden
Light; Flaunt vs. RubySankey; Redwood Lad
vs. Dear Oaston; Roulette vs. Trotting Bob;
Cluster vs. Beacon; Mickey Free vs. Beauty
?,°'£ : JralM B«y vs. Flying Pasha; Golden
LlnkB vi. False Alarm: Sempronlua va. Fancy
Si e i \ andal vs. Clarice: Beluga vs. Silver
Cloud; Master Rocket vs. Imperious; .Fenll vs.
v« r t 1 5 ec J or *"• Tlllle R; Re ckless Acrobat
>s. Keta S; Lord Brazen vs. Progresso; Clover-
? a ' e vs. St. Conn: Jack Short vs. Red Rock;
verHeelV- Mount Rose : ***>* Angeles vs. Sil-
Round of the Stake at
Union Park.
Are Drawn -Together in the First
POCATELLI WILL MEET
CHAMPION PALO ALTO
The British bark Marlborough; Hill was
cleared yesterday for Leith. Scotland, with 80,
087 ctls barley, valued at $101,850. and 27.000
feet of lumber as dunnage, valued at $450.
Barley for Scotland.
SaN JOSE, Sept. 2.— Otto Zelgler, the
retired bicycle rider, who was injured last
night while riding his wheel, by being run
over by a carriage, is resting quietly this
morning and there Is no fear of a serious
result. No bones were broken and the
physicians expect that he will be about as
usual in a few days.
Otto Zeigler Is Recovering.
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, 1. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. 'treenwlch
time. j. c. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in Charga.
Time Ball.
Branch Ilydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
September 2.
United States Ccast and .Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low
•Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Franr-isco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The hUh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
uilnutes later than at Fort Point; the height o;
tide Is the same at both places.
THL'RSDAT, SEPTEMBER 3.
Sun rises 5:41
Sun sets 0:37
Moon rises .2:32 a. m.
O Time Tlmel ITlmel Tlmel
£ Ft. 1 Ft. ! Ft. Ft.
• L, W H W| |L W| H W
3 I 3:07 03:10:14 4.81 .1:16 2.7) !»:20| 6.1
4 I 3:44 0.3|10:50 4.9| 3:34 2.5(lO:04| 6.1
6 4:16 0.3!ll:19 C.O|4::tO| 2.2,10:431 S.I
6 4:52| 0.5111:45 6.1 1 5:05| 2.0|ll:20| S.I
7 I 2:*jr>! 0.7112:101 5.11 5:43 1.71 1
: H Wl 1L W| f |H W |L \V|
8 I 0:00! 6.01 5:571 1.0112:351 5.11 6:20 1.4
0 I 0:40| 4.S| 0:30| 1.5| l:0u| 0.l| 7:02 1.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: th9
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference l» the mean
of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
A Jury in. Judge Hunt's court yesterday
awarded Sophie Edraan a verdict for $500
damages against the United Railroads. A
couple of her ribs were broken by a fall
from a Fourth-street car in November,
1901.
Gets Damages for Broken Ribs.
Movements of Steamers.
Korea Takes Big Cargo.
; The Pap:nc Mail Steamship Company^ big
. liner Korea will, sail af 1 o'clock to-day for
the Orient with marly 2W cabin passengers
and COW tons, dead weight, of freight. Among
'¦the passengers will be the' wife 'and UaughtT
of Alexander Center, the geEeral agent of the
«-ompar.y. . Miss. Coltfelt. the young, lady who
prefers the United States army to European
". royalty." is going on the Korea, to the Orient
i o meet eind marry tfie lieutenant to whom her
¦aith remained constant in the face of a bom
¦¦¦:.¦:.'¦.' -of proposals from representatives of
the Old World nobility. l>ishoi> Warren of the
. Methodist church, will be another passenger, as
will J. H. Fesslor. L'nHed States Consul at
. Amor. Chir.a. There will be a r.urr.ber of mis.
- fionaries among the jiassengers. many promi
• n»-nt ' society p-'-ople and business men well
• kr.owh here end In the Orient. The Korea's
.cargo- includes 45««» tens of flour, 400 tons of
ta!t. 45« tons tf . nitrate and aOO tor.s of sugar.
Pilots Dedicate Snug Harbor.
The Lar pilots of this j>crt have fitted up a
«Vn at &W Battery etret-t. It will be used as
a harbor .of rest for^those pilots who get Into
• 1'ort .too late at night to— go to their homes
fcr those whose duties take them to sea
very .early in the morning. Jt will be also a
.private clul/room where the pilots may retire
.in delusion during the heat of the day.
•'Snug Karbor" it was christened yesterday
.»ihrn friends of the members cf the little club
nM in the new quarters and enjoyed the hos
pitality of the member*.. All but five of the
jiilots are interested in Snug Harbor.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
•" At the meeting yesterday cf the State Board
• ot Harlor Commissioners it was decided to set
£.part Greenwich-street wharves 1 and 2 for
* : WilHatna. Dimond & Co.. who have been us
,. Ing Eteuart-street wharf, which was 1 too email
for them. The Alaska Packers' Association
." v as -given the use of Steuart-street wharf at
' which to handle the cargoes of the salmon
. . 'ficc-l. For the Greenwich-street wharve* Wil
' liams. Dimond & Co. are to pay JS50 per
month. .This rives them the use of two
wharves, the bulkhead and office room and is
exejueive of tolls and dockage.
Another Overdue Ship.
The Pritibh ship FoyJe was added yesterday
to the overdue list. She lg out 152 days from
Rangoon for Zaandam and is quoted at ID
per cent; • \ v_
Shipping Intelligence.
• ARRIVED.
Wednesday. September 2.
S-'tmr Geo W Elder. Randall, 58 hours from
Tortlacd. via Astoria 4S hours.
. '. Stmr Cofona, Johnson, 20 houra from Eu
iri-ka. .' ¦•¦" >¦¦,•«> •
Stmr Navarro. Weber, 12 hours from Bo wens
• :.. . ..-.i:
. Sunr Manda.la,v. Payne. SS hours from Cree
cctjt City.
¦ .Ktrr.r National City, .Johnson. 15 houra from
Clfone;
Strnr Alliance, Ilatdvrick. 5>£ days from
• via Eur'fca 21 hour*.
. " Strr.r San Juan. L'rry, 21 days from Panama
• via Mttzatlan 5 days IS hours.
'• . *-'tmr Edith. Hall. !»<i hours from Seattle.
Utrur Arcata. NeUcn. Cu houts from Coos
• Ray. via Port Orford 45 hour*.
• . Stmr Iluth. rteed, 45 hours from fan Pedro.
U S'stnr Hush McCulloch, Coulaon. 3 dajs
from Seattle.
... Tug Rarurtr. Han sen. 22 hour* from Eureka
. Sch.r Carrie and Annie. Kohler, 2J days Iroui
GI«>n ' I.-:r, -. :.
Schr Newark, Reinertsen. 14 hours from
Phe!p* Landing.
The Epplnger case was resumed yester
day afternoon at 2 o'clock before Referee
Milton J. Green. The attorneys for the
creditors are still trying to learn who
has a valid lien on wheat based on ware
house receipts.
P. E. Bowles of the American National
Bank was th« principal witness. He cer
tainly made an excellent witness for
himself and the bank he represented. For
nearly two hours Attorney Freldenrich
piled him with questions regarding Els
Interest In the grain in the Crockett
warehouse.
It was almost like pulling teeth to get
any answers. Even then many that he
gave were evasive and la one or two in
stances he gave no answers. When It
came to the question of the report that
Mr. Gove had handed to him on June 2
he was unable to say exactly what had
become of It. He didn't know where it
was. He thought it nv.ght have been
given to his attorneys. Again when
Freldenrich pressed the question of what
had become of that report the witness
was advised by his attorneys not to an
swer the question and ho promptly acted
on their advice.
When, it came to the subject of the pro
posal of the transfer of some of Herman
Eppinger's property at Dlnuba and Heed
ley to the American National Bank the
witness could hardly be forced to throw
any light upon the Incidents that in
volved that discussion. The interview
had taken place in Mr. Chickerlng'e of
fice and, although the witness was pres
ent, he apparently had vague Ideas of
what had taken place at that meeting.
When it came to the subject of this
disposal of certain amounts of wheat that
had been shipped from Monroevllle to
Port Costa for account of the bank, the
witness said that Moore, Ferguson . &
Co. had acted as brokers and had sold
the wheat for account of the bank. He
admitted that the amount derived from
the sale of that wheat was over and
above the amount due to the bank for
which that especial lot of wheat had
been given as collateral. The balance of
the money had been applied to some of
the other notes that the bank held
against the Eppingers. He could not say
to which ones.
Attorney Freldenrich wanted to know
just exactly how the matter stood and
wanted to see the books. A general
wrangle ensued and finally Freldenrich
won his point and a copy of the books
was ordered to be brought before the
referee.
The witness was very positive he had
never seen Mr. Demmingr until June 7.
Then the question of the marking of the
bags en June 4 came up. They had been
marked on that date with a stencil plate,
some in the name of the American Na
tional Bank and some in the name of
the Bank of Monterey. The witness ad
mitted that it had not been customary to
mark bags with the name of the bank
when grain was accepted as collateral,
but it had been done In this case.
Further hearing In the case will be re
sumed on Friday, September 11, at 2 p. m.
CLEARED. •
Wednesday, September 2.
Stmr State of California. Thoicis, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamshlo Co.-
Stmr- City of Puebla. Jepsen, Victoria, etc;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Nor Ftmr Tellus. Arntzcn, Ladysmith; R
Dur.sinuir's Sons Co.
Br ship Marlborough Hill. McMullan, Leith;
Strauts & Co.
SPOKEN
SAILED.
Wednesday. September 2.
Stmr Bonita, Alberts. San Pedro.
Stmr Fulton. Lee. Westport.
Stmr Westport, Smith. Westport.
Stmr Mineola. Kirkwood. Tacoma.
Stmr Del Norte, Green. Crescent City.
Br bark Inverclyde, Milne, London.
lirte Galilee, Hayes. Apia.
Schr LJessie K, Merriam. San Vicente Land
ing.
Schr Jennie 'Wand. Christensen, Grays Har
bor.
Schr Honolulu, Neilfen. Anacortes.
Schr Chas E Falk. Helllngsen, Coos Bay.
Schr Henry Wilscn. Johnson. Grays Harbor.
July 31. lat 2 S. Ion 32 W, Fr bark Mac-
Mahon, from Barry, for San Francisco.
July 2. lat 8 3« S, Ion .50 03 W. Br ehlp
Pass of Kllliecrankle, from Liverpool, for Van
couver.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT* LOBOS. Sept 2. 10 p m— "Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Sept 1 — Schr W F
"Witzemann, from Tacoma.
Sailed Kept 2 — Schr Gem. for Coquille River;
schr Admiral, for Columbia River; schr Caro
line, for l.'moqua; Etmr San Gabriel, for Eu
reka; stmrs Santa Cruz and Prentlss, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed SeDt. 2 — Stmr Brook
lyn, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 2— Br Btmr Machoan,
for Orieut.
Parsed out Sept 2 — Echr C S Holmes, for
San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr
Coos Hay. for San Francisco; stmr Santa Rosa,
for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Sept 2— Stmr
Cer.tralia. hence Aug 2».
SEATTLE— Sp.iled Sept 1 — Stmr Excelsior,
for Valrtcz: stmr Humboldt. for Skagway.
PORT TOWNBEND — Arrived Sept 2— Bark
Diamomd Head, from Honolulu.
Passed in Sept 2 — Ship Elwell. from Port
Clarence; Etmr Hyatlcs, from Yokohama, for
Seattle.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Sept 2— Schr Geo W
¦Watson, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 2— Bktn Chehalis,
for Adelaide.
BANDON — Arrived Sept 2 — Schr Mayflower,
hence Aug 21.
TATUOSH— Passed in SeDt 2— Nor stmr Tt
tania, hence Aug 2i>. for Nanaimo.
Passed out Sejit 2 — Schr Gamble, from Port
G&mble, for San Francisco; schr Wempe Bros,
from Port Madison, for San Pedro.
ASTOlilA — Arrived Sept 2 — Stmr Columbia,
hence Auc 31; bktn Tarn O'Shanter, hence
Aug IS.
Arrived Sept 2 — Bark Harry Morse, from
Nufhagak. I.- • v .
FAIRHAVEN— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Eu
reka, from Seattle. :
WESTPORT— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Gualala.
for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Sept 1 — Stmr Redondo,
hence Aug 31. Sept 2— Stmr W H Kruger,
herce Aug 31; etmr Pomona, hence Sept 1.
' Sailed fc'ept 2 — Bktn Amelia, for Honolulu.
Arrived fetct 2 — Stmr Kureka, hence Sept 1.
Sailed Sent 2 — Stmrs Arctic. San Pedro and
''has Nelson and BCbr Mary K Russ. for San
Francisco; utmr Sequoia, for Redondo.-
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 1— Jap stmr
America Maru, hence Aug 20. Sept 2 — Stmr
Sierra, h'.nce Aug 2"; stmr Nebraskan, hence
Auk 25.
Sailed Sept 2 — Jap Btmr America Maru, for
China and Japan; stmr Sonoma,, for San Fran-
LAHAIN A— Arrived Sept 2— Schr Louis,
frcm Newcastle, Aus.
"¦-. EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 1— Stmr Seeu
ranca. from Colon.
BOSTON — Arrived Sept 2 — Br stmr Queen
Mary, from Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug 31— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
Sailed Sept 2 — Stmr City of Peking, for San
Francisco.
ADELAIDE — Arrived Sept 2 — Ship John
Ena, from New York. -
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Sept 2 — Stmr
Lothian, from San Francisco; etmr Olympla,
from Tacoma, via Yokohama.
DEAL — Arrived Aug 31— Br ship Ciisle,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
SINGAPORE— Arrived Aug 17— Br itmr As
cot, from Tacoma. for. Liverpool. ¦ Auk 16 Br
stmr Coninrsby, from Java, for '.Delaware
Breakwater.
•Sailed Sept 1— Stmr Alliance, for Colon.
SYDNEY— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Ventura,
hence Aug C.
AUCKLAND — Sailed Aug 6— Ship Mary L
Cut-hinc. for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
IfEYV TOItK — Arrived Sept 2 — Stmr Llguria,
2:19 trot, purse $2000 (unfinished from yes
terday) — Navldad won the first, second and
seventh heats In 2:11'.;. 2:12«4. 2:12 Coie
Direct won the fifth and sixth heats in 2:15,
2:12%. Kamares won the third heat In 2:12' H .
Guy Fortune won the fourth heat in 2:13V4.
Margaret Bathgate. Prince Caton. Free Silver,
Hattie Mack and Nlckelette also started.
*J:U> class, trot, purse $1500, two in three —
Hawthorne won In straight heats. Time,
2:Of»«4. 2:0814. Dr Strong, Walnut Hall. Mary
D, The Roman. Wilque. Palm Leaf, McKlnley,
Jim Ferry and Francis B also started.
2:13 class, pace, purse $10C0, two In three —
Johnny Wiseman won the second and third
heats in 2:00%. 2:11. Theron Bowers won the
first heat In 2:10. Knox's . Gelatine. Lady
faifwa, Rockport. Klowa, Alvln R, Midway.
Fra.ik Wilson, Margaret W, Guy Reed and
Minnie Bright also started.
2:11 class, pace. Park Brew, stake $10.-
COO, three in five — Star Hal won in three
Ftraitfht heats In 2:07',4, 2:0ti%, 2:C8. Miss
Willamont. Kin* Direct. Armoret, Peeler Pa
tron. Elastic Pointer and Dick Wilson also
started.
King Direct fought for supremacy
through the entire second heat, but he
was obliged to take second place to Star
Hal. who won by a narrow margin in
2:06*4, the fastest time made during the
day. Summary:
2:25 trot, three in five, purse $200O»-Caspian
won in straight heats in 2:14. 2:12?4, 2:11%.
Texas, Judge Green, Miss Jeannet Wainscot
and Estuary also started.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Sept. 2.— Fifteen
thousand people attracted by the princi
pal contest of the Grand Circuit meeting
here, the $10,000 stake for 2:11 class pac
ers, gathered to-day at Narragansett
Park and saw Star Hal, a brown horse
owned by W. L. Snow of Hornellsville,
N. Y., capture the race in straight heats.
Seven horses faced the starter, King Di
rect being favorite, with Elastic Pointer
second choice. Before the horses had
reached the first quarter Star Hal took
the pole and led to the head of the
stretch, where he was overhauled by Miss
"Willamont and King Direct, the latter
driven by Geers. The finish saw the three
so nearly abreast that the Judges' decis
ion was necessary to convince, the crowd
that Star Hal was the winner.
Defeats King Direct and Elastic
Pointer in Straight Heats
in Good Time.
STAR HAL WINS RICH
STAKE AT PROVIDENCE
" Suits for divorce were also filed by Mar
garet Fox against William Percy Fox for
desertion, Marguerite Lynngreen against
Thomas J. Lynngreen for neglect. Ella
Hagan against John Hagan for neglect,
Laura E. Morrill against William Mor
rlll for desertion, Clinton D. Hakes
against Glenora Hakes for desertion.
Divorces were granted to Nellie Higgins
from Frederick Hijrgins for desertion, Jo
seph James from Ruth James for deser
tion, Sarah Williams from Ira T. Wil
lams for desertion, Amelia Yankovsky
from Theodore Yankovsky for cruelty,
Maggie Stark Hayes from John T. Hayes
for cruelty and Marie F. Azevedo from
A. L. Azevedo for cruelty.
Hattie Van Horn is suing Melden Van
Horn for divorce for cruelty. She says
that for the last three years he has treat
ed her in a cold and distant manner and
has repeatedly told her he did not love
her and wished she would get a divorce.
They were married in 1888 and have three
children, the custody of whom Mrs. Van
Horn asks for.
Captain Martin, an army officer, is the
disturbing element in the family of Wil
liam J. Kohn and Gertrude Kohn, a
young couple who were married only four
months ago at San Jose. It developed
yesterday during the divorce proceedings
brought by Mrs. Kohn that she cared
more for the dashing trooper than she
did for her civilian husband and had not
hesitated about informing some of her
friends of that fact. It also developed
during the hearing that she had once told
her husband that she thought so little of
him that she would not wipe her dirty
shoes on him. The court granted Kohn
a divorce on his cross-complaint, his wife
not appearing to prosecute her charge of
desertion.
Minnie C. Juchter has been the wife of
Frank Juchter only since July 29 .last and
she is already tired of her venture. She
filed /suit for divorce against him yes
terdayv charging him with extreme cru
elty, alleging that he was brutal to her
during their honeymoon, which was spent
at Placerville. According to tho com
plaint their unhappiness is due to the
presence in the family of 'a child of Mrs.
Juchter by a former marriage. She
charges that her husband seems to take
a particular delight in abusing the little
one and that during the first week of
their marriage he made his dislike evi
dent by beating the child. When their
honeymoon was over, she says, and while
they were living In this city at 1207 Mar
ket street, he again beat the child and
struck her when she attempted to inter
fere.
from Genoa and Naples.
Sailed Sept 2 — Stmr Philadelphia, for South
ampton; Btmr Rotterdam, for Rotterdam and
Boulogne; stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Sept 2 — Stmr Xoord
land, from Philadelphia.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sallied Sept 2 — Stmr
Deutsehland, from Hamburg, for New York,
via Cherbourg. <
QUEENSTO\\~N— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Aura
nia. from Liverpool, for New York; stmr Ulto
nia, from Liverpool, for Boston.
ANTWERP— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Pennland,
for Philadelphia.
, • ¦¦
The Board of Public "Works yesterday
decided to use an Ingenious plan to as
certain if B. Lantry & Sons, who have
the contract for grading the streets In
the Potrero contiguous to th* Santa Fe
properties, are causing any damage by
blasting operations. The plan as outlined
by President Casey Is to send an Inspec
tor In disguise at various times to the
scene and he will investigate for the
board as to whether the amounts of pow
der and dynamite used In the blasts are
within the limits allowed by the ordi
nance. Some practical man who knows
all about blasting will be chosen for the
work of inspection and he will be un
known to tho contractors or the residents
In the vicinity of the place where blast
ing Is carried on. On the inspector's re
port the board will determine whether
the blasting shall cease or be carried on
In a legal manner.
Action was taken on a petition of resi
dents of the Potrero that the blasting be
stopped owing to" the damage caused
thereby to adjacent residences. One peti
tioner testified that three roofs had been
caved in by flying boulders and that the
powder charges shook up buildings in an
alarming manner. Another resident tes
tified that Lantry & Sons had offered to
pay for the damage to the roofs at 70'J
and 711 Tennessee street.
A delegation of- property owners on
Buena Vista avenue, between Haight and
Waller streets, appeared before the board
.to urge the improvement of the block
described. It was represented that the
Board of Supervisors had passed a reso
lution requesting the Board of Works to
expend $500 put of. its county road fund,
the property owners to expend an equal
amount. '
"That resolution Is not worth the paper
it is written on," said President Casey)
"It is simply a recommendation. How
ever, we will take this matter up and I
think that in all likelihood the money
will be found to do the work."
The trial of J. J. Connolly, a plasterer,
who was suspended by President Casey
on the report of Chief Janitor Syron tha^
Connolly had been derelict in his duties.
was begun before the board. Connolly
was represented by H. McPlke as attor
ney and testified that on the day he was
reported by Syron as having been away
from his work he was occupied in another
part of the City Hall. Connolly was cor
roborated by Mike Dolan, his assistant.
Syron and Assistant Head Janitor
O'Brien both testified that they had called
seven times at the place where Connolly
was supposed to be working and each time
he was absent. It was also stated that
while Connolly was working at the City
and County Hospital complaints Were re
ceived that he was not an active work
man. The trial of Connolly was desul
tory, although at one time hostilities
seemed imminent between Syron and
Commissioner Schmitz, who Is trying to
save Connolly from dismissal. The board
then took the matter under a_visement
until the return of Commissioner Manson,
who is in Santa Clara County.
.. Mrs. Elsa -Tunier. Krnest Turner and II. R.
¦ -iloller. Mollfr has e^nie her to float a timber
• lend deal. The San Juan brousht i>Zi tons of
¦; <;<rKO.and trosvr.- vaJuud ct *iS,<XM>. Amoni?
her eUty-thne passengers wore eighteen Chi
nese who left here pn the Colon for Mrxico.
• f>uf on. account «»f the Merican Chinese ei
- rtvsioa a«H were not allowed to land.
The Kari Jiian's- ijassmctrs included: G H.
¦ P. .Carter i.nd wffe. I^ucillo Carter, Emil Lud
wife, y.ounjr Linir r?ack, r. is. Jones, J. \V.
¦\\ inFton. Mrf Eiea Turner Erntst' Turner
.and H. R. Mol!cr. •
¦ ; The Pacific V-.: 1 Company's steamship Saa
.Ju\in. Captain Crrjr. arrived yesterday from
' Tar.arsa aad way ports. Although the San
" ¦ Juan called at Mazatlan the quarantine au
ihyriUes Hid not find It necessary to hold
-' her. k» ha« been -done with all recent arrivals
• - Srprn t'hat : yort.- Instead. -thr»»e passengers from
• • -Mazatlan_ w ere taken to An?el Island for ob
. t-trCatibn'.an<i th«? vess*-! was allowed to pro
•' ef'ed 40 Ciet Pacific Mail wharf, where she
.'ciookrd aV>out 4 o'clock..
: J • Th«r"l>ass«-ngere held at Arirel Island were
San Juan Arrives
'v. a-s far from stable, and gradually, in
.*^p3te of the efforts of. Captain Smith and
rhis.cfew, she settled down Into what was
destined to he htr- pravo. All hands got
•cohere safely and the ship's. papers and
stores were' saved.' •¦ -en the crew left
. Tepolpbam.po ¦ <in the Luella the tops of
ih* masts were the only vis!ble signs of
¦the Mauna -Ala and they were gradually
tii*arpearir£. The Lyella carried the ship
>\rc eked sailors to Altata, where they
• were transferred to the Curacao.
I .Although she struck hard enough to.
' : tnrais the composition hull to the l^ak
; -Ing point, the lxrttom on which she rested
]-obarr.pa -.The little steamer Luella took
.a Use frorn' the sailing vessel and was get
ting her into d'pep water when the rope
parted, aaid a -few minutes later the Mauna
.Ala struck again, this time hard and fast.
£7 .when passing into the harbor oj Topo-
axd still sinking and her last resting: place
}s marked by the tcps of her masts, which
*ye still a few feet above the top of the
.¦water. The crew of the bark "that was"
eain«?"up-on the steamship Curaco, which,
yesterday tvas released from quarantine.
Captain Smith, the commander and owner
cf.the-baik. with his wife and one sailor,
Is still in' Mexico. There were twelve of
the ilauna Ala's crew en the Curacao.
Tha ilauna Ala. struck bottom on July
•;T.he-hark Matma Ala, the riews of the
etranijlnff .of which at Topolnbampo was
-told in. The OalL, has sailed her last voy
a*re_ Her hull Is burled in quicksands
Sues Southern Pacific for Damages.
J. H. Ward, whose wife. Fidelia "Ward,
was injured In a train wreck at Carlin,
New, October 17, 1901,, filed a suit for $50,
000 damages against ' the Southern Pa
cific Company yesterday. Mrs. Ward was
treated at the Railroad Hospital for her
injuries and was operated on twice, each
time losing a portion of her foot. Ward
claims that the physicians were careless
In their treatment and that In February
of last year, when sh'e was far from well,
cruelly and heartlessly transferred her
from the Railroad Hospital to the County
Hospital of San Mateo County,
That his death resulted from an accident oc
casioned by an attempt on his part to traverse
the private property of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, consisting of their right of
¦nay. The showed that he was run
over by two cars and an engine of the said
railroad company, causing injuries resulting in
death. In our opinion the said railroad com
pany, or their employes, were In no manner to
blame for the accident.
In the inquest on the body of John
Fleming of -M4 Brannan street, who was
killed on August 17 on Division street,
between Tenth j^nd Eleventh, the Jury
said:
An Inquest was held yesterday morning
on the body of Arthur WInhall of 1761
Fillmore street, who was killed on Augrust
IS by falling off a streetcar.' In rendering
Its verdict the jury said: - v
Tho deceased attempted to board a south
bound Flllmore-street car while »ald car wat
in motion shortly after it had started from
the stop made Just south of Sutter street. He
only partially obtained ,a footing on the car,
fell therefrom, his head struck the street pave
ment, causing: fracture of the skull, and death
therefrom. We consider the street railroad
company or their employes blameless of his
death, which we consider an accident.
Eppinger's Creditors Want
to Fix Title to Grain
at Crockett.
She Interfered.
Avers ,in Divorce Complaint
He Struck Her When
•Crew Returns to This Fort
. • on the Steamship
Curacao.
Givea a Hearing to Plasterer
Who Was Suspended
for Dereliction.
Coroner's Jury Finds That
Dead Men Were at
Banker Bowles Proves
to Be a Reluctant
Witness. /
Minnie 'Juchter Says Her
Husband Beat Her
Little One.
'ill- Fated Bark Disap
. pears Where She
Stranded
Board of Works to In
vestigate Blasting
in Potrero.
Railroads Relieved Prom
Responsibility for
Two Deaths.
TRYING TO FIND
WHO OWNS WHEAT
PLACES BLAME
UPON VICTIMS
SHOWS DISLIKE
FOR STEPCHILD
SAND SWALLOWS
THE MAUNA ALA
INSPECTOR WILL
BE IN DISGUISE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1903.
10
OCEAN TBAVEL.
¦-- - •
Steamers leave San Fran-
fijy- *^5>»\ clsoo as follows:
/T'Wi . For Ketchikan. Juneau.
I°'I\&5S*SL n Haln<»s. skajrway. etc..
I XwJK^ I Alaska— 11 a. m.. Sept. 3.
\ V \WMWJ ' J S. 13. IS, 23. 28. Oct. :t.
Wk \\ /Sy Change to . company's
\$^—^4oy steamer* at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
_. Z. Port"' Townsend. Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett. "Whatcom— 11 a. m.. Sept. 3.
8.113, 18. 23. 2H. Oct. 3. Change at Seattle to
this company n cteamers for Alaska and G. N
Ry. ; at Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry • at
\ancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humholdt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 1. 7. 13 10 25 Oct. 1; Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Sppt 4. 10 1(P22|1R. Oc t *
For Los AnKeles (via Port tWa Anxeles and
Rcdondo). San Dle^o and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0am
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via Ran Pedro and Ea.«t
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme
Coos Bay. » a. m.. Sept. 8. 14. 22 30. Oct 8.
Bonita. 0 a. m.. Sept 2.. 10. IS. 26. Oct. -4.
For Ensennda. MaRdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax, Santa Ro-
salia Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. ; ••-. •
For further Information obtain folder.
Rlxht Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dat»8.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
• FreUht office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O, f?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails All*. 31. Sept. 10. 20. 3ft.
Oct. 10. 20, 30. "George W. Elder" sails Sept.
C. 15 25 Oct. 3. 15. 25. Only steamship line"
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to all points "all rail or steamship and rail at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer . tickets Include
berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear
st at 11 am. S F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass
Dept. 1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen
Agt. Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. .
oceanics.sxo.E?;S£
S. S.. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Sept. 5. 11 a-m
g S. SONOMA for Honolulu. 1 Samoa, 'Auck-
'land and Sydney. Thursday, Sept. 17, 2 p. m
S. 8 MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11 «. m]
41. SPKLMELS ft BIOS.CO.. Aft!.. IkW Cn.t3,64 J iuWSL
FniQhtOQei.12! BirfcitSL.Pitrle. 7. Pacific $i
COMPAGNIE OENEBALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS. V-" —w _
bailing every Thursday Instead of «OTfV2B'i
Saturday, at 10 u. m., from Pier 42, »— SMKaS*
North River, foot of Morton atreet.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. S«v.
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN<
ERAL AGENCY FdR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Dulldlnct.
New York. J. F FUOAZI A CO.. Paelno Co««»
Agents. 5 Montgomery tvenue,' 8>n Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Ae«nt».
BATXWA Y TBAVIX. * . '
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
„,*,„ T.in'e. Foot ot Market Street ) • • ,
-t..»« _Tin7]rSFPT»Jin«»^.19C3. - >»»it.«
' 7.00* Benlcia,8ul8un.tlmlr«,«nda*cr»- -
7J0A^M«rtlnez, San n»moa, Vallejo. .
/JU K»pa.Calt«to K !i.Saaur ; oia. ; ...-. B25e
7.30a NHes. UTermore. Uthrop. Stock-
¦ 00a DaTls.Woodlaixd."KnlKbts Landing.
B.O0A *^T'* ' Tllle oroTllle. (connect*
roRVrsvllIo for Grldley.Bli»« 7gjF
8 SSI Port Co. "Mtrtmcx. Antloch. By-.
8 -°° ron.Tr»cy.Stockto n; Ssrrsm e nt^ .
Los B«nos. Mendots. Uanford. ._-_-.
VlsmlU. Porter»llle y:^ •••*¦' '
Ooihen Junction. Hanford, VI-
tFrutn. Hed Dlnff. Portland. ..... 7.55F
8.30a ytle S . S«n -^^^^^^
Mary°»ville?c"ico. Red Eluff..... 4.2Sf
Trney. Lathrop. Stock ton.
10C8aThe OTerUnd Limited - Ogden.
Denver. Om»h». Chicago..... 5 ?1
1200m Hiyw.fd Nile. »nd W»y Stations |.|5j
U.00P e.er«inentoBlTer Steamer*.. ..... . ti 1 .<)<>r
3Z0r Benlcla. Winters. Sacrameiiro.
Woodland. Williams. Co!usa,Wll- . • . .
lows. Knlsrhts Lundlag. Murys- . .
Tllle. OroYlHe and way station*.. 10--H*
3.SC1- H'ywsrd.N'll«. tt dW»ySUt^ ; . 7 65p
400r Msrtlnea.S»n Ramon. Vallejo.»apa, •
Cullstoga. Ssnt»Koa«........ ... ,Jt3* ••
400»- M»rtlnes.Tr«cy.L»tlirop.8tocktoa. 1025*,
4 00r Nlles. LlTermore. Stockton. LodJ.. «•?»*
430r H»yw»rd. Klles. Irfingtoa. 8«>l,J?-55^
Jose. LlTermore.... I 111.56a .
E OOf The Owl Llmlted-Freino.TuUre.
• BakersQeld. Los Angeles ••¦•'•« ¦ B8A - -
SCOr Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton, Lot-
Bsnos « - 'ft-is'
t630r H«yw»rd. Nlles »nd S»n Jo»« .i-?3 A
6-00r Hay w»rd. Ntles»nd S«n Jose 1025a
600r Oriental 'Mall— Oftdeti. Denrer,
Omaha. St. Loal*. Chicago tnd
Ea»t. Tort t'osta. Bcnlcta. 8ul-
san. Elmtra, Davl*. Sacramento;
Rockltn. Anburn. Colfax.
Trnckee. Boca. K«no, 'Wsd»-
worth. Wlnnenueca, Battle.
Mountain. Elko" 4.Z5T- .
b. . Reno, Trucker. Sacramento. Davis, -
Satsun. Bealcla, Port Costa 7.55a ;
8. OOf ValleJo. dally, except Sunday.... I 755,,
7-OOf Vallejo. Sunday only. :•!
7.00f Ban P*blo. Port Costa. MarUnea •
and W»» Stations. »- ii-Zba
8-OSr Oregon A C»l!forul» Expre»»— Sac-
ramento. M»ry»TlIle. P.edd!n»;.
Portland. Puset Sound snd East. ¦•55a
9.10p Hay ward. NUesandSan Joie(9on- *
<5ayonly) ;;• 1««3* •
11.2BP Port Cosra. Trscy. Lathrop. Mo-
desto. Merced. Raymond (to Yo-
semlte), Fresno. Hanford. VI- „
smlla. Bulserifleld 1225P
COAST LINE Marrow Ua«s»K
(Foot or MurHet Street ) •
745a Santa Crux Excursion /Sunday .
only) ••— *-10»
8.15a Kewark. Ceatervllle. Ssn Jose.
Felton. Iloulaer Creek, Santa
Crux snd Way Stations B 25 e
t2.1Br Kewsrk. Centerrllle. S»n Jose.
Uew Alma(!eo.Los Osto«.Fe:toO.
Boulder Creek. Santa C»u* and
Prtnctpal Way Stations 1055* .
4.18? Kewark. San Jose. Loa Gatot and
way stations (oa Saturday and
6nnday runs through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa ¦
Cruz). Connects at Felton to
and from Bonldi-r Cr«ek 18.55*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SAN r'UANCZSUO. foot "' M»r»et St. (Slt!>*>
— tt:15 *:00 ll:fO a.m. 100 300 6.15 p.m.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t*:U» t3:O> .
t«:03 10: 00 A.M. 1200 200 400 P.M.
COAST LINE <Ur»a.l «ia«.».
fsT- (Third itna fown»end Streets.)
r B.IOa San Jose and Way Stations. 8 30f
1700a San Jose and Way Buttons 5 3Sp
7.15a Monterey and Saata Cruz Excur-
sion (9nnday only) 8 33i"
800* New Almaden(Tucs.vFrtd.. only), 4.10*
8 00 a Coast Line Limited— Stops only s»a
Jo«r, Gilroy (connection for Hol-
llster). Pajaro. CastrovlJle. Sa^ . •
llnaa. San Ardo. Paso Roblea,
Santa Margarita, Saa Luis Oblsjv),
Guadalupe. Surf (conaectloa for -
Lumpoc). Santa Barbara, SangiM
and Los Angeles. Connection at ¦ •
CastroYllle to and from Monterey
andPaciacGroTe 10-43*
9,00a San Jose. Tres Plnos. Cspttola,
SantaCrux.PaclncOrore.Saltnaa,
8ao Luis Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 1.... 4.10*
'•0.30a Ean Jose and Way Stations .... 1-20f
11430a Cemetery Passenger— South Saa -•-
Francisco. San Bruno ' I.CSf -
1130a Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7-3QP
«UDr Ssn Jose and Way Stations ... .... x7C0r '
2.00F ban Jose and Way Stations (9.40a
2.30f Cemetery Passenger — South San
Franclfco. San Bruno 4.35P
tS.COr Del Monte Rxprens— Santa Clara. - ¦
can Jose. Del Monte. Monterey, ¦ .
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Saata Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) M2-15>
8 -3Cr Pacific Grove and Way Stations— ¦ -
- Hurllnframe.Sftn M*teo,Redwood. '
Menlo Park. Palo Alto May field.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. San Jose, 1 Gilroy. Hollls-
ter. Tres Pinos). Pajaro. Watson^
¦xV.'.e. Capttola. Santa Cruz, Cas--
trovllle. Salinas 10-45A
4 ZOr San Jose and Way Stations 8 38*
b CQr San Jose. (tU SanM Clara) Los
Gatos. Wright and Principal Way
Stations (except Sunday) 9.00a
5530J* SanJoseandPrlnctpaivrayStatlons t8.00A
tS-ltf baa Mateo. Beresford.Belmont.Saa
Carlos. Keiiwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 19-43F
e.IOr San Jose and Way Stations 63S*
7 10f Sunset Limited. Eastbound.— San
Luis Oblspo. 6snta Barbara, Los
Angeles, f>emlng. El Paso. New
Orleans. New York. (Westbound
arrives TlaSun JoaqainValley)... tS 2S» .
S.OOpPsIo Alto and Way Stvjona 1015*
11.30P South San Francisco. MKlbrie."
Burllniranie. San Mateo. liel-
mont, San Carlos. Redwood. *•*«.
Fair Oaks. Menlo Park. Palo • iSjcl'
Alto. Msyfleld. Mountain View. ?S»-4or
Sunnyvale. Lawrence, Santa
Clara and San Joae ...J
A for Morning. P for A f ternoon.
> Saturday and Sunday only. t Sunday only. '.
i Slopa at all stations on Sunday. '. . .
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
*> la Coast Line. irVla San Joaquin Valley.. .
6 Reno train eattaonnd discontinued.
OT Only trains »toppine; at Valencta St. southbound
arei:10A.x..tT:OOA.Ji ..11:OQ a.m..2:30 p.m. and 6:30 r. Jt.
H TO SAN RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERCETC.
via Sausalito Ferry -
WEEK l>AYa— Uioll.Iays -xcepu-d)— <J:*J.
1*7:45, 8:45. »:«. 11 a. in.. 12:--O. •!:*&. 3:li-
7:45 a. m. train week days doe* not run to
M 8CNDA?a AND LEGAL, HOLIt.AT9-T. -
t8 t«* t*l«. u - tll:30 a. m.. T12-3O ri-M* ¦
•I" rains marked <•> ma to San Quentln. Tho»»
marked «> to Fairfax, except 3:13 p. m..8*t-
urYays. On Saturdajt U« 3:13 p. m: traia
'"FROM TO S AN V FTl AXCISCO •
_\Veek days— a-^a. t»:» •• w - S 'J". »->^
7I:oTal ¦> . 1230. 2:2O. W:i3. 4:30. S.M, «:4^.
1W 8UNDA?V-<:15. 7:35. X3:10. 9:40. :i0:&a.
?lf« a, m.. U:5O. t*H ti :» 4:«X J3:3^
t:55 7:S5. lO-*> r. m."
Trains marked <t» «art from San Quentla.
KHOU MILL, VALLPT TO »A» FRAN.
ClSC«>-NVe«k days-3:4.\ 6:40 | .7:45. «:«.
»:«. U:10 av m.. 12:40. 2:43. 4:13. «;10|. 7.^ •
l0^l?NDUS- «:35 7:S3. 10. 11:10 a. ni.. 1203. *
7:« a. n».. week »:»}•»— i.a«adtro and jr«jp
* t » t - l r* n p. n«.. week days (Saturday* exc»pt«d)^_
Tumalii and way stations.
3:1ft P. n»-. S«tuTvl«y» — i^aad«ro and w%y
* Sunday* and Leff*I Holtdayi— S a. m.. Caxa.
d«ro and wsy station*.
Sundays and L*sal HolSdaya— 10 a. m.. Polat
R*y*a and way stations. . \ .
T1CKKT OKFICt:— «-•* Market «. •
KERRY— Foot ot Market at.
MOUNT T^ULPAIS RAILWAY
L*«v« »u S*M»in» »«rry Arnrs "'
9— Fran. Hn «nt»rtst n. San Kran. -
W««k . Sutv S«»v W<u
»»44a "»:'»«»" fi^^^^ U-.OQxV.lZ/i.
l:4»r 9:OO K WbiSttSSi it-.iOr 3.30r
»ttar 10:00* 3:3Opl3:5Or
Sj^rMiri «a'v7. •—*% %tt» T 9t3Or,*rn-ni.t. ll:3O»
nClIT I CM MAsaar St., (North Soort Railroad
IfTKB I and SAtrtALrro Pxaav Foot llarkai Sc
WEE^ CEL
10 Po£cs. 61 pcpYcar
. . advthtisemehts.
;. soap in stick form; con-
. venience.and economy in
• shaving.
It is the best and cheap-
' . est "shaving 1 soap.
• • • Sold all over the world.
12 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
A Q) ::::itiizi:::.h'..e:ti7±,:.r.:;i.
» HT "" r '^ r £ est Anatomical Museum in the
it -Jfa~ World. We.kr.cnci or ii.y unuracted
L. IttcA d:se-%e p»»UI»^l 7 , -r^ f^thf o;ue-.t
O f+Zyg, I if-eciilist on the Ctist t»t. jtytir*.
h ttQrf fi DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
A I^lw^B Conwjltaf.on free «nd stri'tiy pri»»tr.
0 i Jw^ik n T f>1;n:rnt f'nor.iljf or by Inter. A i
4 R » «l I***** Curt in c»ery case tmdertikea.
H t 'I llV w rite for Book. PniLONUPBYaf
"If 1^ MinniAti:. mailed free. (a.
A it li- valuable book for Dra)
? nit JoniUS A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F.
ATJVEBTISEBEEirrS.
j^m CARTERS
mSS^^BSQBS^Bk B B tt W 90BM MA
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured Ijy these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Kansea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongne
Paia in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price-
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAM1ANA BITTERS. TH«
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
Ktrenrth to sexual ortant. Depot. 323 Market.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. •
§££3 jyr Ed
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
lestes Mondajr* and Thtmday* st 9-.30 «.m. ft
Through la S days with Diotn and all mppUgs.
Our other trtias go at
7:30am ) for Stockton, Fresno,
f :30am > BakersfielJ. Merced.
B S :00PM ) Hanford, Visalla, f
% 4:00pm for Stockton.
H ' 8:00PM for Kansas City and Chlcasro. |
H Office. 641 Market St.. and in Ferry
m Depot; 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
M Train* leav Market Street F*rry.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN MY. CO.
LESSEE
ikH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAZZiWAY C0M7AHT.
Tltioron rerry, root of Market St.
SAK rBANCISCO TO SAW BA7AXX..
WEEK DAY8 — 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 0:10. 5:50, o:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. »:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 6:10, 6:30, 11:30 p. m.
BAH EAPAEL TO SAW r BAN CIS CO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:06. 6:50, 7:35. 7:60. »:20.
11:15 a. in.; 12:50, 3:40. 0:00. 5:20,
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:33. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40, 4:50. 5:00, 5:20, 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
Leave 1 In Effect I An*»e
Ean Franclsco-1 May 3. 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- T Sun- I Week
Days. | days. | tlon. [ days. | Day.
7-30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a |:JO a 8:40 a
800a 9:30a Isnacio. 10:20a 10:2Oa
2-30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 8:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
T l23 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato, 10:20 a 10:20 a
2-30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
9:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:23 p
5:10 p Santa Rcsa.
7-30 a 7-30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
I Windsor. '
7:30 a 7 30a| Healdsburr. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30 pi GeyservUle. 7:25 p 7:23 p
I Cloverdale. j
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. I 7:23 p| 7:25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Wllllta. I7:25p|7:25p
8:00 al s:00a| Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|ll):20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Quernevllle. [7:25 p{ 6:20 p
8:00 a! 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a 1 10:20 a
2:30p|2:30p| SebastrpoL |7:25p|6:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for Whlto Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruiia and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
serville lot SkaKgs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geyaert, Boonevllle and Gr. enwcoJ: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelscyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
bprlngs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Spring* Upper lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's Riverside. L4erly"s.
Bucknell's Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orrs
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
ville. Cummlnts. Bell'9 Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen s. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San P.afael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronic 1 *
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAX.
Gen. Manager. On. Pays. Art
OCEAN TBAVEL
AMERIGAH LINE.
NEW YOlSK-SdL'l HAMPTON-LONDON.
St Louts.Sept. ». 10 amiPhlla.Sept 23. .10 am
New York.Sep.16.10 am St Louis. Sept. SO. 10 am
ATLANTIC TBANSPOBT USE.
New Tork — London Direct.
Mesaba..Pept. 12. 9 amlMlnne'pls.S^pt. 20.3 am
Mln't'nka.Sept. 19.4 pnVMIn'haha.. Oct. 3. 3 pm
Only ' First Class Passengers Carried
DOMINION LINU.
Boston — Qneesstown — X.tr«rpool.
Mayflower Sept. lOJMayflower Oct. »
Commonwealth. Sept. 24 Columbus(new).Oct. 15
New England... Oct. ljrommonwca!th..Oct 22
Montreal — Liverpool— Short nea pa5sase.
Kensington Sept. 12jPouthwark Oct. a
Canada .Sept 26> Dominion Oct. 10
Boston Mediterranean Direct
AZORES— GIBKALTAn-.NAr:.KS-UF.XOJk.
Vancouver Sat.. Oct. 10, Nov 21
Cambroman Sat.. Sept. ID Oct. 31, Dec 12
BED SVAB I.1NB.
New York— Antwerp— Paris.
Finland. Sept. 12. 10 am.Kronlnd.Sept 2«t, 10 am
Vaderld.Sept. lt». 10 amlZraland...c>ct. 3.10 am
WHITE STAR LINE. "*
New ' York — Qneenatown — Liverpool.
Salllnjf Wednesdays and FrliUyn
Armenian. Sept. S, 7 ami Majestic. Hept 10^ noon
Germanic. Sept. 0. noonj Celtic. .Srpt. m a pm
Cedric.Srpt. 11. S nm iV.nnt.-.Si-nt :J 7 im
C. D. TAY1.OU, ra*semr*T Asrnt. PaclHc Coast
21 Po»t »t.. Sun Franclaoo.
10Y0 KISl KAISHA,
tORICNTAI. 8TKAMSUIP CO.)
Eteamrrs will l»«v» wharf. c«rn*r First ana
Brannan »tt»»l», at I p. W.. fur TOKOlUMv
and HONUKOMV calling at Kobo Ulwwf
Nitit»s4kl ami Shangh«t, «nj connoctin* .1
Hontkonc «lth »t»«m«r« for tnda. »tc n«
cargo r»t«lv».l on ln>nr>1 on \\*y of .AiUn*"
8. d. 1IONUKONO MAHU (,>il|| n , , «,.
8. 8. NII'rON MAIUI..'
1 hm » > ln\ t violwV* "iV * in.v>
8. 8. AMEniCA MVUlf.,,,;;,;,,^' 1^ m>a
rates. V«r n.UM « n .| b M s2sV^2^\?ggj
pan,', otnv, «5| MMtot rtjjg r^r,T'
UluV ' MI.»Umv.». HATCHWHEAT— Liverpool and Paris' futures were
higher.
Chicago advanced from 81%c to 83%c and
fell back to 82%c The strength was caused
by higher cables and light Northwestern re
celpto. Buying was of good character and the
volume of business large. St. Louis reported
the cash demand ntrong and Minneapolis re
ported a good demand for Flour.
This market ruled firm, with higher futures.
CASH WHEAT. ,
California Club. $1 45®1 50; California
White Australian. *1 55@1 tSO; Northern Club,
$1 45® 1 50; Northern Blue Stem. $1 55Q1 57ft;
Oregon Valley. SI 02%.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
. Open. High. Low. Close
December .V.fl 4894 V *1 49 $1 4S% $1 40
- I':- ¦/¦'.-¦". Session 2 j>. m. - •
No sales. •. ; " : ¦
BARLEY — Was higher, both 'as to cash grain
Wheat and Other Grains.
STOCK MARKET.
Sterling Kxchancv. sixty days.... — $4 Ki%
Sterling Exchange, Fight — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight...... — 07^
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — • " fj"9i
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45
Exchange and Bullion.
Receipts of strictly fancy fruit in small pack
ages continued light and prices of such stock
were well maintained under a steady local in
quiry. The demand for Clingstone. Peaches for
canning purposes continued brisk and choice
lots eold quickly at stead/ rates, with a few
lota of Strictly facy selling at a premium of
$2 50tf«r» per ton over the quotations. Receipts
were liberal and included several consignments
of the Salway variety from the river. Plums
and Prunes were also In demand among can
ners at the previously quoted rates. There were
not encugh Pearn in bulk received for a quota
tion. Wrapped Bartlett Pears and Peaches In
small boxes cleaned up well at steady prices?,
supplies being rather limited. There was a bet
tor demand for Plums and Prunes in boxes and
crates, and several lots were put In cold 8tor
age. Choice Bellflower and Gravensteln Apples)
were in fair request at $1®1 10 per box, but it
was difficult to obtain over 75c per box for tho
general run ot supplies. There was a good
showing of red Nectarines, which found ready
sale. FIeb arrived freely and were in fair re
quest. Qulnce3 were offering freely and dragged
at easier prices. The market was liberally sup
plied with table Grapes, which arrived froely
from several sections and the demand was
rather light. Zlnfandel ' Wine Grapes sold
slowly at" previous prices. .-. About 200 boxes
came in. There was a better.demand for Mel
ons, owing to the warm, sunny weather. Wa
termelons and Nutmeg Melons stood as pre
viously quoted, while Cantaloupes were higher
under light receipts. Choice lots of Berries
were well cared for at Rood prices.- but a large
portion of the receipts were poor and unattract
ive and sold slowly at easy prices. The canneid
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Flour <jr rks... 16.0S5 Wool, bales 162
Wheat ct'.s ... 2.426 jSeroenlnga. ska. 20O
r.arley' ctl« . . .111.0T?|Tallow. ctls ... 220
Clats. ctls 4.320 Pelts. NO 247
Corn (Kast), ctls , r »ciO Hides. No 55o
Beans sk« .... inslQulcksllver, fiks 111
Poutoes.sk, .. «B0 Sugar, ctls .... DOO
Onions, «ks ... 430 Leather, rolls... 145
Uran sks 100 Wine, gals ....03,000
Middlings, sk*. . «7r. Paper, rms IS
Hay. tons 1.133 Brandy, gals .. .50
Hops bales 41!) Lime, bbls 182
OREGON.
Flour, qrsfcs.. 5.7rHljFeed, sk« POO
Bran sks ...•• 1.020l Shorts, sks 1,600
HONOLULU.
Wool, bales CO
WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMREB 2.
Receipts of Produce.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 2.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Bluestem. 83c; club, SOc.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Sept. 2.— WHEAT— Walla
V.'alla, 79c; bluestem, S2e; valley. Sic.
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE. Sept. 2.— Clearings, ?7."M,519
balances, *110,!»»:i.
TACOMA. Sept. 2. — Clearings. $287,512
balances. f:(5,C28. .....
PORTLAND, Sept. 2. — Clearings, ?529.070;
balances, $04,520. .
SFOKANK, Sept. 2.— Clearlncs, f36«,012;
balances, ? 50, 152.
Northern Business.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 2.— Wool— Quiet. Medium
grades combing and clothing. 16@21c; light fine,
15@17c; tub -vashed. 2C®29Vic. •
St. Louis Wool Market.
¦'¦".• : . NEW YORK.. Sept. 2. — There wu no news
•¦ .' to -mccowist for any change in th« complexion
' * of -fo-jiaj'n Btock market and the early part
. of "the . *e.«*lon was riven over to a dullness
.. fnore profound and a slucgishneea more inert
- th*n -at .£ny tiine during the x»resent ne«
, '- JAcfed condition of the market. Later there
¦• v rr tome revival .of activity, which expanded
r i.'th*. volume jof transactions considerably over
*'' 'rhc>»-.of yerterday ¦and lifted the ivirage level
. tof.eriOM above la»t nieht. Atchle/in vu the
» fr»adef, with an extreme riM of i l-S/'and
. 'thgM or. four other V-aders resnonded to the
'.'.t*Ctf>Bt of * j>oiht. Prlcen *>a«ed off before the
'" ri',i^, which .ru .unsteady. The afternoon
• . Vemorinratlon r**rn"<J to r.* directed aeatnrt
f'-fhp'-fhort int*re*t in Atchison. especially in
/*. -*.*r». o'Mier .jrangeni incidentally. The oi>*ra
" •ttoM on the advance were conducted by »v
••"•ra.1 well'lcnown speculative oppratcrs. whose
' i'ltjrn to th* etreet from vacation absences
* vV* .thus rtgnal!«»"d. TTie uncertainty over
¦ . -ri •' c"crn . crop has rx^n the motive tor putting
" ' '{t. r-oniSdei-abl* ebort lines in the pran^era
?od" thJ» h-ae b<*«i reflected for f itn* time by
,',w ¦fftirxtli of the borrowing <lc:aand for
** VM«on in the loan' crowd. This seems to
'*•'' a \e. constituted the cue for the preferential
••¦-;*r«tcrs oppoyed to to. bid up prir«s on the
¦- ;^.-»- and * connlderahle demand to rover
•'•"i-.^iK tji* onjiii»quenc». Thl* rise In thus* stocks
• . : .m, s - tiimultanfoui M,lth ttie f»tr»n*»h in the
• ."•¦••.t- and wheat market*, which wemed to
.Va\>.'ncrroom for the inference that the buy
".' Ir.g- was bas*d .on the more favorable imme
ftiSU outlook fcr the crop.
' "¦'..Duj-irX the early denrirssion Metroroiitan
' .. -is'tr»<--t Railway via weak on account of cur
. " s-Tit .impr*ni'ionV that the dividend on the
_• iTjck -gvannt>«] bjr th<? security company i»
V got Wing fully earned. There wae also a
: . t"rort of a f500.(KK) decrease in tot net earn
*"*ntti for -August of United State* Suel. A
e^newod' suit aralnst the Amalgamated Cop
. *. I-'t interest in . Montana and a .1-print break
• -1i Conaolidate4 ««n aroused mlwrlvings among
t\he professJonals as to the miiVK attitude
<f the Sta-nrtard Oil interest*. The unsettled
' T7ib«r situation fn Colorado w>» reflected in
.* j'.e * Colorado Fuel and American Smelting
: nor**. But these influences. n» well as the
"-Vioent at Oyrter Ray. were disregarded in
f. 'the late covering movement.
• There «*.« some breadth to the bond mar-
V»t. bur the prlc* movwnmt was Irregular.
T<.;al cale«. par value. J1.10O.00O.
'th^ ri»e In quotations for Government bonds,
'.if attributed to the demand from tanks for
• u»f as i"WuritleB atainft the expected in
frease in Government depofita. United 8Ute»
2*> 3e and old and new 4a advanced % P*r
oent. " The 5s declined % per cent on the
" lart call:
' ' ' NEVV" YORK FTOCK L1PT.
• Ptocks— -Sales. High. Lotr. Clos*.
k Atchison . .- ;.. 5.450 65% 63% 63%
r -Atchinon' pfd .'.... ».350 01% 90% • fll%
Rait L Ohio 2,200 82% .82% KH
. n»!» & Ohio pfd: '86
("¦oWian Pacific .. 1.700 124% 123% 124
<"»rit of New Jersey 1«O
• <Ti»-Ra & CThio 130 33 "4, 33^ 33*i
\ Chicaro*& Alton.. 200 22% 22% 22>4
New York Stock Market.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2. — The cotton market
closed steady at a net decline of 1 to 0 points.
Copper was dull hers but unehan-'ed, with
lake at $Kl 7i><?il-t X7Vi. -electrolytic At $l.'l 02%
@i:i 73 and casting ar 913.37%O13 50. Lon
don reported copper 15s lower. wu*i spot at
£50 1O S and futures at £57 12s M.
Lead was dull and unchanged here. Lon
don lead market was unchanged at £11 2s 6d.
Locally It was quoted at $4 23.
Spelter was quiet and unchanged at $fl, and
at London was ?.a Cd lower at £20 17s 4d.
The lOcal Iron market was slow. No. 1
northern foundry Is quoted at $17 SO'fflR; No.
2 foundry, northern. $1« flOCTl"; No. 1 foundry,
southern, and No. 1 foundry, soft, $10 50®
10 75. ¦ ' -. • .' •
NEW YORK. Sent. 2.— Spot tin was un
changed and quiet at $^<» 75ti27. At London
tin was 5s lower for piiot at £122 15s, and
futures closed unchanged at £121 l."s.
New York Metal Market.
COAL — Wellington, fS per tor.; -New Wel
lington, (8: Seattle. ?0 SO; LSryant. ?<i BO; Bea
ver Hill. §3 30; Stanford, S"; Roslyn, $7; Coca
Bay, ?«"> 50; Greta, $7: Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond. ' $7 30: Cumberland, $VS in bulk and
$1-1 25 in sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $S 50 per ton:
Coke $11 50-813 per ton In buik and $15 In
sacks- Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S"45 per
2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to brand.
OIL Linseed, 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels; cases, 5c more; Castor Oil. In cases.
No 1 70c; Bakers' AA, $1 10@l 12: Lucol. 41c
for' boiled and 3'Jc for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c:~cases, 95c:
China Nut. 55®70c per gallon; pure Neats
loot in barrels. 75c; cases. SOc; pperm, pure,
70c-' Whale Oil, natural white. 5(V@."i5c per gal
lon; Fish OH. in barrels. 45c; cases, 50c; Co
coanut Oil, in barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c- Pearl Oil In cases. 2<>%c; Astral. 20%c;
Star 20».ac: Extra Star. 20<4c: Elaine. 26»4c;
Focene iJS'.ic: deodorized Stove G&pollne. in
bulk 17c: in cases, 2.'{%c; Benzine. In bulk.
13c;' in cases. l'J%c; tid-degree Gabollne, in
bulk 21c; In 'cases, 27 %c.
TURPENTINE — 7Sc Der gallon in cases and
72c in drums and iron barrels.
ItED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. C@
C'/jC per ib; White Lead, 0i@l>V4c, according to
ouantlty.
SUGAR— Is 10c higher. The Western Sugar
P.ennlng Company quotes as follows, per lb, in
100-lb bags: Cubes, A Crushed and Fine
Crushed ft. 85c: Powdered. 5.70c: Candy Gran
ulated 5.70c; Dry Granulated, fine. S.tiOc; Dry
Granulated, coarse. 5.<J0c; Fruit Granulated,
Ti COc- Beet Granulated MCO-lb bags only), — ;
Confectioners' A.- 5. tiOc; Magnolia A. 5.20c: Ex
tva C 5 10c: Golden C 5e- "D." 4.00c; barrels.
10c more half barrels. 25c more, boxes, 30c
more- M-lb ba>r.«. 10c more for all kinds. Tab-
If'ts—^Half barrels. 6.10c; boxes, «.3">c per lb.
No criers taktn for less than seventy-five bar
rels or Us equivalent.
BAGS— Grain Bass, 6©5%c; San Quer.tin.
r..55c; Wool Bars. 82©35c; Fleeco Twine. 7%@
fc; Cottcn Fruit Bags, 0%c. «%c and 7V»u for
the three grades: ISrown Jute, GHi@7>-ic.
General Merchandise.
SHEEP— Receipts. 30.000; sheep and lnmhs.
steady; eood to choice wethers. $:> lCffj'i S5
fair to choice mixed. (2 2f.fr :;; Western sheen'
$2 75^-1 10; native Iambi-, $;{ So^ti; SVestern
lambs, ?1&5 10.
CHICAGO. Sept. 2.— CATTLE— Iteceipts
22,li<<>-, Western, steady to strong; good to
prime tteers. $3 3. r >{iti 10; poor to medium tih
5 25; ttockers and feeders, $2 50fa4 30; cows
$1 50&4 50; heifers, $2553; canners." $1 6002 60'
bulls, $2«4 60; calves. $.'{ 5(!!fi7; Texas fed
eteers. S3 ::.Vu 4 50; Western steers, $:j L'5^!J4 -»"i
HOGS — Receipts. 25.00(1; to-morrow, 2S 0(XV
steady; mixed and butchers, $5 20© 5 85 • good
to choice heavy, $3 :t;if/3 70; rough heavy" S5 no
fi5 S*0; light. $5 4tJS»i 05; bulk of sales, $3 20®
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
The Stock and Bond Exchange will bo open
on Saturday, September 6, and Tuesday. Sep
tember 8, but will be closed on Monday. Sep
tember 7. and Wednesday. September ». as
the latter are legal holidays. The San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board and the Pa
cific Stock Exchange have decided to adjourn
from Saturday noon. September 6. until Thurs
day morning. September 10.
The Wolverine Copper Company has declared
a semi-annual dividend of $3 per share, pay
able October 1.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 2—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Asked. [ Bid.A»ked
4s «r coup.. — — Us qr c (new) — —
4s qr reg... — — ]3s qr coup.. 106% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS..
Alfi A W 5s. — — ) Do 6a .... — 114
Bay CPC Cs. — 103% Do con Ce. — 108
Cal C O 6s. 108 — O W C g 5s.
Cal C & E k Oceanic 8 5s — —
& ct 6*\ .. — — Om C R 6b. — 125
Cal-st 5s ... — — pac O Ira 4s — —
C C Wat 6«. — — P E Ry Bs.106% —
Ed LAP Cs. — — P 4 C H 6j. - '-
F & C H 6s. — — P A O R 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Powell-at 6s. — —
H C & S5%8. — — B E G&R 5s — 104
M C & S 6s. 89 — BP A BJV5s.lie%120
Hon R t r,a. — — s R or c 6a. 111% —
L A Elec 5s. — 108 S P of A 6s
L A Ry Bs.— — (1909) ....— -./,'
L A L C 6a. — — (1910) ....108H —
Do std 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do Ktd Cs. — — (1905)Sr A.104 — "-'
LAP lem 6s. — — (l»O6)Sr B.104% —
Mkt-st C 0s. — 124 (1906) 107 — "i
Do lem Cs.llCU — (1912) — —
NRR of C88. -y — S P C let 0sll8%119
NRC o? C5s. — — J Do stmpd.108 —
NPC RR83— — 8PBR6s. — —
N C R Cs.. — — S V Wat 6s. — —
NCPCSs. — — Doll 2dm. 9»H" —
N S R Cs. . 99 101 Do 4s 3dm. 98% —
O O L H Cs. — — Stkn G&E 6s — —
O T Co 6s.. — 122% U Q A E 6s. — — /-
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 60 60%|Port Costa.. — -1
Marln Co — — |Sprtnff Val.. 84 83
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 4% 5 Sac E GAR. — —
Equit Gas... — — S F G A E. 69% 70
Mutual E L. 13T4 14 S F Gas — —
Pac G Imp. 65% 50?i Stkn G A E. — —
Pac Llghtns. — — -»U G & E — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G A E. 69% 70
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — —
BANK STOCKS.
Am NatI Bk. — — LPAA... — —
Anglo-Cal ... — — Mer Trust .. — —
Bank of Cal. — . — Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
G#r SAL.— — Sav A L So. — —
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bit. — —
Mutual Sav. — — Cnlon T Co. — —
S F Sav U. — —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — JPresldlo 39 48
Geary — — |
POWDER.
Giant 64% — |Vigorit — 6tf
SUGAR.
JIana P Co.. — — Kilauea S C. — —
Hawaiian C. 43*4 «% Makaweli C. 22>fi 24
Honokaa S C 1»% — Onomea 8 C. 30 " —
Hutch S P C 13% 14% Paauhau S C ltf —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P3Ck.l49Vil50 Oceanic S Co '.'— "-'¦'
Cal Fruit As. — — Pac A F A. — —
Cal Wine As. — 9S% Pac Borax..
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' As?n 149 50
C5 Giant Powder Con 65 OO
10 Giant Powder Con s 3 65 OO
150 Onomea Sugar Co. s 30 30 25
90 Pacific Gas Imp 55 00
50 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 69 50
50 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 69 75
J4C00 Cal. Cen. Gas A Elec. 5 per cent. 103 00
*500O North Shore 5 per cent 100 00
$30C0 S. P. of Arizona (1910) 109 00
Street —
$3000 Market-st. R. R. Con. 5s 115 25
1C0 S. F. Gas A Electric Co 60 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' ~Assn 140 CO
145 Giant Powder Con 65 0O
50 Hawaiian Com'l A Sugar 44 00
340 Mutual Electric Light 14 00
10 Mutual Electric Light 14 12%
100 Paauhau S. P. Co 16 OO
15 Pacific Gas Imp 55 50
135 S. F. Gas A Elec Co 70 00
15 8. F. Gas A Elec. Co 60 87%
50 S. F. Gas & Elec. Co. b 10 70 00
ltt Trus. certif. S. F. Gas A Elec.. 6» 75
2:!0 Trus. certir. S. F. Gas A Elec. 70 00
$e0C0 Pacific Electric Ry. 5 per cent.. 106 75
I 1M0O0 S. P. of Arizona (1910) 109 00
I $10,000 U. S. 3 per cent bonds (coup).. 106 75
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks — . Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 80 S5
Four OH 70
Hanfurd Oil 130 00 135 00
Home Oil 60 70
I Imperial Oil 19 00
Independence Oil 17 00 13 00
Junction Oil 20 21
Kern Oil 6 50
Lion OH 01 05
I Monte Cristo Oil 65 70
I Monarch Oil 81 63
1 Oil City Petroleum 2S 29
Peerless Oil 13 50 14 00
I Reed Crude Oil 40 41
! Han Joarjuln OH 5 50
! Sterling Oil 2 70 2 S5
Thirty-Three Oil 8 00
Twenty-Eight Oil 4 20
T'nion Oil 6800
United Petroleum 10O 00
West Shore' Oil 3 00 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Al.by Land and Impt 1 20 1 45
I Alameda Sugar 29 00
! American Biscuit SS 00 05 00
I American District Tel 9 00
j Bay Counties Power 7f> 00 00 00
Cal Central Ops & Elec 55 OO 80 00
I Cal Cotton Mills S3 00
Cal Jockey Club : 105 00
Cal Powder
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Ins. and Trust 130 0O 140 OO
Central Rank of Oakland CO 00
I Chutes Company 8 50
City and County Bank
Cypress Lawn Impt Co 6 50
Eastern Dynamite
Ewa Sugar Plantation
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 18 CO
London nn<l S F Bank (Ltd)
Mercantile Trust.
Northern Cal Power ft 50
Nevada National Bank 225 00
North Shore Railroad 9 00
Orpheum Company 15 OO
Pacific States Tel and Tel 122 50
Paraffine Paint 32 00
Postal Device and Impt 2 25
San Fran Dry Dock 47 00 ....
Sausallto Land and Ferry... 16 OO
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
I Standard Electric IS 00
I Truckee Electric IS 50 ltt 00
I Union- Sugar 22 5O
United Gas A Electric 34 5O .....
Western Fish Co .....
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Caribou Oil «•">
100 Caribou Oil «O
1000 Chicago Crude Oil 2O
170 Home Oil »O
100 Independence Oil 18
60 Occidental Oil IS
1C0 Occidental Oil 19
10O Northern Cal Power 9 23
200 Home Oil. s 00 80
10O Caribou Oil »2%
100 Caribou Oil s>5
M)0 Oil City Petroleum 2.S
100 Home Oil. s 90 «3
lftOO Occidental Oil 18
200 Home Oil 100
: Afternoon Session.
300 Home oil 70
fiO Independence OH 1*
' 500 Superior OH <>•
1C0 Home Oil &>
1 400 Home Oil «0
Street—
40 American Biscuit 8O 0O
'Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 8S too Mexican I 10
100 Caledonia 80 100 Ophlr 1 7i
ICO Con Cal A Va.l 55 100 Sierra Nevada o4
500 Exchequer ... 04 400 Union 6S
Afternoon Session.
500 Chcllar 121 SCO Andes 14
3000 Exchequer ... 04)
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
1 Following were the sales on the Paeifia
Stock Exchange yesterday: •
Morning Session,
100 Caledonia ' 8» 200 Ophlr 170
1 100 Con CalAVa.l C2% 300 Overman 25
200 Crown Point.. IS 30O Savage Zi
1 300 Gould A Cur. 27 5OO Sierra Nevada <",."
¦ 200 Mexican t t 10 200 Silver Hill ..-. .70
100 Ophlr I b5 20O Union Con ... «8
1 Afternoon Session. .
3C0 Alpha Con .. Oti 200 Savage ....... 21
I 300 Caledonia . «» 200 Sierra Nevada. W
• 100 Con Cal A Va.l 50 200 Silver Hill ...:»
fiOO Gould A Cur.. 2rt :;co Union Con ... 6«
. 1W Mexican 1 05 200 Utah 19
HOGS— Live Hcgs, HO to I'oO lbs, Cc; under
J40 lbs, 5%liv>Tio; 80WS, 20 per cent oft; B?ara.
CO per ient off. and SJtags, 4'J per cent off Irom
above quotations.
The following quotations are tor socd, sound
Livestock, delivered in San r*ranc]sco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steer*. StfEto; Cvws and heifers.
7(§^c: thin Cows, 4<J/C>c i>sr lb.
CALVES — 4@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHICKP — Wethers. 4c; Ewes. SMiSS^ic lb
(gross weight).
LA&:BS — ?2 7:.'r>;5 per hfad.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as fellows: • •
BEEF — CJ/ic for Steers and 5@Cc ver lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. G^QH'/jc: small, 9@10c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. SQSVic; Ewes. Sc par lb.
LAMB— itfilOo per lb.
PORK — Pressed Ho«3. SVipO'.ic per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
All kinds of live and dressed stock are as be
fore quoted
Meat Market.
LIVERPOOL,.
Wheat — Sept. Oct. Dec
Opening 6 6% 6 6% 0 0%
Closing. 6 6% (3 6% 67
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 25 20 70
Closing 20 45 20 S5
Flour —
Opening ; 27 fl." 27 60
Closing 2S 20 27 80
Foreign Futures.
Fine creamery Butter Is In light supply and a
point higher. The Ocrona, from the northern
coast, brought in less than expected, owing to
delayed trains. The medium and lower grades,
however, continue to draK.
The situation in Eg?s is like that In Butter,
fine "ranch beinx strong at a further advance.
while the lower grades show less firmness and
demand. #
Oheeae continues In liberal supply and weak.
Receipts were L':S.40<) lbs Butter, 728 cases
EffRS and 10.C00 Ihs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 28<520e for extras and
2.*'527e for seconds; dairy, nominal; store But
ter. 17% 11222% t; Kastern. 22@24c.
CHEESE — New. 12<fn2%c: Ynuns America.
jn@14c; Eastern, 15®lCc; Western, I4@15c
per lb.
KGGS— Ranch, 33@34c for large white se
lected and 27%Ct32%c for fair to choice; store.
22%®27c: cold storage, 23<g25c; Eastern, 20@
24c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Rabbits. ?1 JBiftl 75 per dozen;
Hare. $1@1 25; Wild Doves, 5O@C0c per dozen.
There were moderate receipts of Callfornlan
Poultry, and Fryers and Broilers, which were
FOmewhat scarce, cleaned up quickly at higher
prices. Fine lar«e Hens continued to find ready
pule, while email liens I'.nd Roosters drai?peii.
Geese, Ducks nn.1 IMner.ns stood m> previously
quoted and moved off well. A few small lots
of young Turkeys were received and sales were
reported at "2Ji2.'Jc per lb. Another w»> of
Western stock Is due and will DrobaDly be
available to-day.
Game continued to show the effects of the
warm weather, a considerable portion of the
receipts beins tainted. Hare and Rabbits In
good condition sold readily, while Doves moved
slowiy.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal: Geese,
per pair. $1 25JI1 DO: Goslings. $1 M^l 75;
Ducks. f.1«4 per dpzen for old and $1 50<S4 50
for ycuns: Hens, $!Sr, 50: young Roosters.
$4 5fM5i5 r.O; old Koosters". $4: Fryers. !f:« 50@4;
Broilers. $3®r3 50 for larye and J2W.1 for
email; Plsrepns, $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 rodl 75 for Squabs.
Poultry and Game.
VEOETAIJLKS— Green Corn, 7Sc@$l 25 per
pack; crates from Aiamcdu. $1«/1 50; from
Berkeley, 6Cc®fll Green 1't-as. .'ifri-ic j>or ll>;
Htiins Hears, 2%Q"3e per lb; Wax. 3®3%c;
Lima Beans, $lffil "5 per sac!;; Tomatoes, 25©
tif:c i>er box for river, ar.d .".(hTmoo fr.r bay: Sum
mer Souaph. SCQ40C per box; Cabbage, 7.'c per
ctl;; Carrotn, 75c per sackrjCUcumbtrs, 28j^40c
Iier box: Pickle Cueurr.bers. ."fi:;'io for No. 1
tnd 182V&C per lb for others; Garlic, 2ft:ic per
11> ; Grer-n Penveio. 25#4O»J per box or siaekf
Green Okra, 23035c 5 per box: ¦ IZsk Plant. 40(<(i
uOc per Vox; Marrowfat Sq-ash, 51CQ12 i>er ton.
POTATOES — Bur-bank* frcm tho river. 50c©
$1 per ctl, with soni'j fancy higher: Salinas
ltuihankF. ?1&1 i>0 r>er ctl; Early Rose, nom
inal; 6wc«t roiatoes l^nrJc per lb.
ONIONS — ."OSfJ.'c per ctl.
Receipts of river Potatoes were light, but the
market was amply supplied and prices had no
quotable change. Tho demand for shipment
was. fairly ettive. but not sufficient to clear,
up the market and an easy tone prevailed. Sal
inas Burbanks were offeririK freply and were
quoted lower. Sweet Potatoes and Onions wen;
plentiful and prices gtooU as previously
quoted.
Tbe vegetable market continued to be \ve!l
supplied with all descriptions and the demand
for choice off urines w:ik bri5k. Strlr.c and Wax
Heans we.-e in limited supply and well carel
foi at firmer rates. Lima Bsaiui continued
plentiful and dull. Tomatoes arrived freely
and good sound offerings moved off HrelJ at guud
prices, while roor and soft Stock dragged at
unsteady rates. The fanners purchased fretly
of the bay article at the minimum quotations.
There wire liberal receipts or I J k-',Ue Cucum
bers, which found ready sule at good prices.
The other vegetables stojU about as previously
quoted.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery. 14<Slf>c- dalrv
i:iQ17c; eggs, firm at mark, 14%@17%c; cheese!
firm, 9%fillVic. f.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 31,000 • 21700
Wheat, bushels 153.400 11 70tf
Corn, bushels 443.100 283.000
Oats, bushels 258,750 171 4C0
Rye. bushels 85.000 ..'.
Barley, bushels 47,300 900
HIDES AND SKINS — CuUs an.1 brand* sell
about I%c under quotation*. Heavy Salted
Steers 9%c; medium. S%c: light, 8c; Cow
Hides 8c for heavy ani 8c for light;
Stars Ce: Salted Kip. 8%c; Salted Veal, W'«c;
Salted Calf, 10c: dry Hides. 15@15%c; dry Kip.
i:ie; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepukin*. shearlings. 25^
40c each: short wool. 40350c each: medium, 70
@i)0c: lone wool. $1©1 50 ??.ch: Horse Hides,
salt .'2 75 for large and $2#2 50 for medium.
II 2j'u1 7. r > for Finall and SOu for Colts: Hcrse
Hide?, «iry. ?1 75 for large snd $1 60 for me
dium ' $l*jl 25 for small and 50c for Colts,
liuek Skins— Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry «.alte.l
Mexican. 26c: dry Central American. J-2%c.
Goat SKlns — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. 60c; medium. 35o: tmall. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4%<j?4«ic per lb;
No 2. 4®4V»c; grease, 2U,fi.'?c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin LamhV. njj
42c: Focthlll. 10©12c; Middle County, Iigi3c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Hun>boldt and Mpndoclno, 18fi20c; Nevaila, 13
6il5c; Valley Oregon, fine. lSigiOc: do, medium,
17fitl6c: d". coarse. lfiQl'c per lb.
HOPS— 22Q2:»c p<?r lb for both l!»02 and 1903.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat. S5@S7c; No. 3, 80
©S4c; No. 2 red. 80%(&Sl»ic; No. 2 corn, 52V&c;
No. 2 yellow. 53»4c; No. 2 oats, 34c; No. 3
white, 36938c: No. 2 rye. 52@52%c; good feed-
Ing barley. 48040c; fair to choice malting, 52®
60c; No. 1 flaxseed, iMc; No. 1 Northwestern,
99c; prime timothy seed. $3 03; mess pork, per
fcbl. $12 :15©12 37%; lard, per 100 lbs. $S 57%«
8 60: short ribs sides (louse), $7 37%«" 62 M>;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), $6 S7{i7; short
clear sides (boxed). $7 75557 87%; Whisky, ba
sis of high wines, $1 25; clover, contract grade
$9 fO. , a «y .
;• "' -Heary C. Banker, chief grain inspector of
;, thV Merchants* Kxcbacge. reports stocks of
._¦'_ sjrstln In wareoous* and on wharf September
• .'¦! 4 s* follows:
•*. '. . A.ug.-1-vBepC 1.
.-.Port Cost* 3.740 8.833
Pfoskton 12.227 23. M7
• ; .City 491 1.273
':.: . . • . • BARLEY
¦-•• ¦• . Aug. 1. - Sept. 1.
.'~ Port Cost» i. .;...„ 19.297 39.913
."FTockton- 7.37S 15.876
.•¦City . 1.54S 3,122
.* : : . .'. Aug. 1. Sept. 1.
. , Oats i 2,83«5 4.772
¦-• Corn ............ 73 132
.: -Bran ...... 20S 459
"•-¦Receipt* in August were 14.156 tons wheat.
•}. '-.45.761 tons barky. SfC2 tons oats, 717 tons
¦.-.. -.cairn and 1546 tons bran.
• : i-i -./ ¦• Weather Report.
¦•¦-;.-¦¦ • ¦ (1.2Cith Meridian— Pacific Time.)
-..";!¦.." FAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 2 — 5 p. rfl.
'.'.'¦[. ' THE COAST RECORD.
-'' ' ;•';•; ¦.¦¦¦¦ B - S S 5 5 J
,- ¦•¦¦ ¦ • •' S Sg =3 *~ e o "C
:-• STATIONS. x « £ 3 § ?§ 5- ?
•:¦ t .. . • ¦ .. « ' J 3 »" & c
..-¦¦. ¦* . c g • o
••••¦• / , . ; '3 3 '¦¦?/.; : :
:• F«ker .Mrt.ro 7«* 4S NW Clear Too
•.¦¦¦¦y-^rfon ... 23. M f>% C2 VC . Clear .G«l
_¦" -. Kurek* 2S.&4 «4 SO .VW Clear .t<0
': :Fresno 23.74 106 68 NW Clear .00
-,.•¦;.>• agstaff .;.;. 29. 90 74 50 NW Pt.Cldy .06
-:¦:¦:'¦*<¦ j*ndenee .29.K2 »2 &i SE Clcudy .W>
'•• :i/>* Ang*:es..23.(s2 S2 60 W Clear .00
:>-:'.Ht'-T)U&a3pa4s~29.68 »2 7rt NW Clear .00
-:;> : ..Vth Head.. .30.06 .«0 50 NW Clear .00
-• 2S.70 iris 80 NE dear Tr.
.- _"':i'.>atello ......29.88, M 54 P^" Clear .00
¦:~r rtland 29-.9S 78 50 NW Clear .0<»
¦T- rtr .Reyes...,. 29.^0 66 50 N Clear .00
;. .Ti<-1 I^luff. .-...29.76 104 C4 ¥K Clear .00
.„'. Tins* burg" ... ..29.S8 86 4S • N Clear .00
•• rf-'arramento ..29.7« 1CZ 60 N Clear .("0
•¦...fU.lt Lake 29.86 8<v «4 NW Clear. .0<>
. : *a-.n Francisco. »»•.« Cif> 52 W Clear .00
. K L. Oblspo. .29.86 M 50 W Clear .00
'•• '?**• DiegQ..;.29.64 72 64 NW Clear .00
¦ -Rattle .......30.10 70 4« NW Clear .00
•.. -Kr-ckane .,.-... 30.04 74 42 W Clear .00
-¦ ••Far.oosh '..30.10 62 48 E Clear .00:
;•: -TVfV.a Walla.. 3^. 00 *0 4R W Clear .00
•" AVinnenrucca: .2S.8S 9>> 4S NW Clear .00
'•¦ T.'jrr.a .:¦..,..: .29. 66 110 82 W~ Clear .00
V ¦• "LEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
; .;;., :- ; : FORECAST.
•-.: r -.The pressure hat fallen slowly along the coast
•' -.'rrm Sin .Francisco to the Columbia River.
•. .:'v. srrrifr . weather prevails generally over Cali
'vytitTifa In -the great valley afternoon tempera
<":XiT t '' range; from 102 to 1O6 degrees. A small
• ¦J:<i.rf;turpanee* is developing over the valley of the
'"•v'-^l.Gfado ¦. and w'lll probably rr.cve northwett
>4.**«td. over the Mojave Desert and cause thun
;. .-TjAretbrms in the Sierra and probably in the
•'•: t"*rhil!s. .'. Thunderstorms are reported at In
.. '- r>f-"T<3ence .and MoiSera.
••¦ T F<veeaet made at Ran FrancJtico for thirty
/¦•'-^'¦.um endlijg mi/lnlght. September 3. 1903:
."•-¦ -Northern" California — Fair Thursday, except
,' : .-*,he»-er« in* the "Sierra; continued warm weath
':''.'•».: Mgnt nrrfherly winds inland; fresh westerly
•".-.. »1 rids on the coast. '
-.¦';••¦- :ftout>.«rn California^ — Cloudy Thursday, prob
.. 'EKt- thunderstorms' in the mountains; light
iv.-jvMeriy wind..
.- : .-'- N»va«a— .Fair Thursday in northern portion;
¦.V-fh'wrs fn southern portion.
•r'Ji fan Francisco and- Vicinity — Fair Thursday,
"•'-"riot so .warm; light- southerly wind, changing
- ¦'-to trifk westerly.- wlth-fog at night.
-¦-v ". • A. G. JacADlE, District Forecaster.
Stocks of Grain.
Chicago was higher on the day. This mar
ket was quiet and featureless.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c ior light medium, 15c for light,
15%c for extra light, 17%c for sugar-cured and
18%c for extra , sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15%c: California Hams. 15 %c:
Mess Beef, $11 &UI&12 per bbl; extra Mess, #12
®12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $10;
extra clear, $25: Mess, $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12 %c- Pig Pork. $28: Pigs' Feet. $5 25;
Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10@10Vic for pure: half barrels,
pure 10%<&10%c; 10-lb tins, 10%®llc; 5-lb
tins.' ll^c: 3-Ib tins, llVic.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 0%c; three
half barrels. 9%c: one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Provisions.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close. I
Wheat No. *2 — I
September, new. 80% 82 80% 81%
December, new.. 82% 83% 82 83
May M% 85 S3% 84%
Corn No. 2 —
September 62 52% 61% ' 62%,
December 51% 51% 51% 61%
May 51% 62 51% 61%
Oats No. 2—
September 35 33% 85 35%
December 36% 36% 36% 3G%
May 38% 39 23% 88%
Mess Pork,, per bbl —
September 12 27% 12 37% 12 25 12 35
October 12 55 12 65 12 60 12 62%
May 13 07% 13 22% 13 07% 13 17%
Lard, per 100 lbi> —
September 8 67% 8 62% 8 57% 8 60
October 7 72% 7 77% 7 70 7 75
January 7 07% 7 15 7 07% f 15
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
September 7 55 7 65 7 52% 7 65
Octcber 7 70 7 85 7 «7% 7 62%
January 6 75 6 77% 6 75 6 77%
Chi & Alton pfd.. 100 64 64 64
Chicago & Gt West 400 17% 17 17
Chi & Gt W B pfd 29
Chleapo & N W 825 167 1C5 l«ti%
Chi Term & Trans. 20O 10*£ 10^ 10^
Chi T & T pfd 200 20% 20 20
CCCiEt Louis. . 200 73H 73 73
Colo Southern 200 14^ 14H 14%
Colo South 1st pfd. 201) 64 64 54
Colo South 2d pfd. 410 23 23 22%
rvia & Hudson 200 104 164 HHVa
Del Lack & West 230
Denver & Rio O.. 100 25 25 25»i
Den & Rio Gr pfd 77
Erie 11.960 30H 29^ SOVi
Erie 1st pfd 1.435 67* «7>* 67t, I
Erie 2d pfd 600 62 61*i 6l} 4
Great Northern pfd 165
Hocking Valley 69
Hocking Valley pfd 80H
Illinois Central ... 120 133H 133V4 133 W
Iowa Central 200 21 • 20 20i,j
Iowa Central pfd 33
K C Southern 22%
K C 6outhern pfd. 100 39 39 39
Louliv & Nashv. .. 600 105% 105^ 105%,
Manhattan L 300 135^ 135% 135^
Metropol Street Ry. 3,800 1141- lll«i 112^
Minn * St Louis 5S
Missouri Pacific 12.900 94«i 93% 94
Mis Kans & Texas 19%
M K & T pfd 40ti
Nat R R of Mex pfd 1.400 41 40 41*»
N T Central 1.300 122^ 121 V, 122>.«
Norfolk & West 200 03 62 63 Vs
Nor & West pfd SS
Ontario 4 Western. 600 2314 23H 23%
Pennsylvania B.240 124% 123% 124'i
P C C & St Louis.. 320 63 63 63 .1
Reading 23,770 55Vi 5*M 65
Reading 1st pfd 7£t£
Reading 2d pfd 69
Rock Island 15,300 29% 2« 29
Rock Island pfd... 300 66Vi C« 06
St L & S F 1st pfd 20 i
St L & 6 F 2d pfd 700 50^4 50 50i; !
St Louis S W 200 16 15% 16
fct Louis S W pfd. 400 3414 341* 84%
St Paul . 27.900 143% 14m 140%
Ft Paul pM 172^
Southern Pacific... 600 40 454 *fl
Southern Railway.. 1.800 22% 22% 22».i
Southern Ry pfd... 100 84»4 M>4 84
Texas & Pacific 1.510 27 26^ 27
Tol St L & West.. 200 23 14 22>» 21
T St L & W pfd 39
Vnlon Pacific 15.C50 76>i 75^4 7.">^
T'nion Pacific pfd S7V4
Wabafh 21% i
Wabash pfd 700 86 35% 35%
Wheel & Lake Erie 100 17 17 17»s
Wisconsin Central . 750 19 1S% 19
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 100 40V* *b\i S»J4 i
Adorns"".. C0 .T an . !e8 T. 222
American '...'. '.'.'.'. '.'.'.'. TsO
United States .... 100
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 33.0S0 49H 4S 4S^
Am Car & Foundry 1,500 32V» SJ % 32Vg
Am Car & F pfd 83
Am Unseed Oil 10^4
Am Ltn Oil pfd: • S5
Am Locomotive ... lOti 1914 1914 18
Am Locomo pfd . . . 200 85 M 85
Am Smelt & Ref.. 3,200 44«4 II 44
Am Pmelt & R pfd. 400 r«>% U0 »O
Am Sugar Ref 1.400 117 l'OTs H"
Anaconda Mln Co 600 80 SO 79
Brooklyn Rap Trns 3.700 4C 1 i 44 % 4"%
: Colo Fuel & Iron. .100 51% 51 49%
Columbus & H Coal 200 15W, 14% 14'i
Consolidated Gas .. 2,500 175>£ 173 175
General Electric .. 200 1C3 1U2 ir.1
Internal Paper 12
Internet Paper pfd ti*%
Internat Pump 34%
Internat Pump pfd 70
National BUcuit 3S
National Lead 15
North American . . 5OO 77 73H 75
Pacific Mall 300 214 21 21%
People's Gas 1,400 95 93 94
Pressed Steel Car 41%
Pressed S Car pfd. 200 S0«4 S0>6 80
Pullman Pal Car 21S
Republic Steel 100 11 'i 11% 11%
Republic Steel pfd. S00 WTfc f;<;«4 my t
Rubber Goods 400 19 I&% in
Rubber Goods pf d 71
Tenn Coal &. Iron. 400 42U 42 42'-i
U S Leather WO 8 8 8
D S leather pfd.. 135 81% M',4 81 >,4
V S Rubber 13
V S Rubber pfd... 200 42U 42^4 \>
\Z S Steel 8,100 2!Vi £-'%
t: S Steel pfd 1.400 70 % 7t-% 70%
Western Union 83
Total sales ...100.500
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO
NEW YORK. Sept. 2. — Bond transactions
fnlted Railways of San Francisco — 25.000 at
79; 10.000 at 79H: 10,000 at 79V4-
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO7 (Mexican Cen 4s.. 74
Do coup 107%! Do 1st :nc 17%
Do 3s re* v 107 ;Minn & St T. 4s. 97%
Do coup 107 M K & T is 97
Do new 4s reg.134%1 Do 2ds 7*%
Do coup 134%iN y Cen «m 3«4s- 05%
1 Do old 4s reg..lO8% N J Cen ren 5s.l2S
Do coup 109% iNorthern Pac 4s.l0<)%
Do 6s res 101%; Do 3s "Oft
Do coup 101%!Norf & W con 4s. 97
Atchison gen 4s.. 09% Reading gen 4s.. 95%
Do adjust 4s... :«> ISt L&I M con ."is. Ill
Bait & Ohio 4s..l01%iSt L & S F 4s... 1)2
Do 3»4s Q - j st L S W lsts.. !I4%
Do OOOV Is . . . J«J I X>O 2ds 72
Pan South 2ds...lO7 ISan A & A P 4s. 77
Central of Ga , r .s.l04'4 Southern Pao 4s. 8ij
Do 1st lr.c 75 ?outhern Ry 5s.. 113%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l01H Texas & Pac lfts.114%
Chi & Alton :<>»«. T.t% Tol PtL4 W 4s. 71 %
r; n & O new 4s. »3 iUnlon Pacific 4s. 00%
C M&St P rer. ts.103%1 Do ccnv Is ... O4-%
C & N W «.cn "s.lW'i'Wabash lsts 114 »4
C R I & V 4s 100 j Do 2ds 104
CCCAStL cen 4s. »« I Do deb li TM%
<*hl Term 4s 73 West Shore 4s... 10314
i Colo & Routli 4s.. S4 |.W & L Erie 4s. SO
I I^nver & R G 4s. US'i WIscon Cen is... sr)%
Erie prior lien 4b. Wl^ Con Tobacco .... T.t'vi
Do gen 4« S-J>« Colo Fuel 7S
Ft W & D C lsts. 103% Pennsylvania 93%
Horkir.g Val 4» a s.l05 jU S Steel 59%
L.& N unit is..'. OSHl
NEW YOrtK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 jLlttle Chief 07%
Alice 17 Ontario 5 00
Hreeoe 1« jOphlr ..1 70
Brunswick Con., ttt (Phoenix OS
Comstock Tun .. 07 iPotoal 10
Con Cal & Va...l 40 jPavaee 20
Horn Silver 1 «0 Sierra Nevada .. (i."»
Iron Sliver 1 25 Small Hopes ... 25
Leadville Con .. <« Standard 1 75
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westinghse com.. 82^
Call loans 4%<@r. Minlnr—
Time loans. 5 QC Adventure f>%
Bonds— . Alloues S%
Atchison 4s 97 Amalgamated 4S%
Mexican Cen 4s.. 72 Paly West '.V.t%
Railroads — Klngham 25%
Atchison C5».i Calum<-t & llccla.lso
Do pfd 81 Centennial 20%
Boston & All'any.244 Copper Range ... 65%
Boston & Maine. 167 Dominion Coal .. 8-'t%
Boston Elevated.. l.">7 Franklin 8%
K Y N H & H...190 Isle Royale 7
Fitchburg pfd ..136 Mohawk ... .... 42%
Union Pacific ... 75% Old Dominion... 10%
Mexican Central.. 13V6;Osceola 50%
Miscellaneous — Parrot. 20
American Sugar.. 117 Qulncy 90
Do pfd 119 Santa Fe Corp«r. 1%
Amer Tel & Tel. 133 U Tamarack 109
Dom I & Steel... 9% Trinity 7%
General Electric. 161 United State* ... 20%
Mass Electric ..21% Utah 27%
Do pfd *0 Victoria 3%
United Fruit »5 Winona 8Vi
U 6 Steel 23 Wolverine 73%
Do pfd .... 70%
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2. — Flour — Receipts. 61.
f,?l; exports, 13,914; more active and firmer.
WHEAT — Receipts. 40,576; spot firm. ¦ No.
2 red, *7c elevator and 88%c f. o. b. afloat: No.
1 Northern Duluth. J»5%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba. 97 %c f. o. b. afloat.
There was a strong advance in all wheat
markets this morning. The small Northwest
receipts, higher cables, complaints of unfavor
able weather In England and good commission
. .- ¦¦' » : ".• .- >
;T5j»: eoZIectloss of Internal revenue In the
*• : FTanplseo district Curing the month of
••¦August were as -follows:
'fttott* $82,603
.;• Ceer ;..........; 77,607
'.•.cigars and cigarettes 19,e55
¦V -Tobavcco .....' t. 1.651
', '¦ 'Spedais .....-^.... 8.093
•:• Ll*u ...... * 4,018
' - Playing cards 12
r./ro^. ........ I Jm^
¦:'• --In Augnst 1902. the collections were $201,-
SS2 against (236.410 during the same month in
.¦.'"l»0i. _^
'• Internal Revenue Collections.
! per tori.
DRIED PEAS— Green, fl S0Q2 per ell
Receipts of new crop Beans ore slowly in
creasing and prices show some further changes.
BEANS— =Bayos, ?2 D0©3 15; Pea. $3 25; But
ters, $3 25: small White, $2 75ffM 05; large
White. $2 50©2 60: Pink. $2 7E«22 90: Red.
$2 !KH@3: Lima, $:? 2S83 40: UcA Kidneys, nom
inal; Blackeye, $2 50SJ2 C5 per ctl; Horse
Beans, fl -icijl 50.
STEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Y*ilow
Mustard, mminul; Flax. $1 70151 SO; Canary,
Who >/>jC for Eastern: AlCaifa. nominal; Kape,
1%Q-V;C: Timothy. ii@<i'vie: Hemp. S'Mr.t^c
ptr lb; Millet, llu-il-ic; Broura Corn Seed. $J01/"
Beans and Seeds.
SHORTS— f23 504(2* 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24^25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal *t tho mill, *2C<S2(i .',0; Job
bing $27<S27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21(Ei2 -> ;
Corn Meal, $:!3@33 50: Cracked Corn. $33 50®
34 50; Mixed Feed, |22 5C<823 50; Horse Beans,
$2.$3'30 per ton.
HAY— 'Wheat. $11@1+ W>. with sales of extra
choice at $15: Wheat and Oat. $11^13 50; Oat.
$10«?13; Wild Oat. $9 50011 50; Barley. $ilQ;i1:
Clover. $8 50<gll; Stock. SS'gg; Alfalfa, $9 50®
¦10 f'O ptr ton.
STRAW— 35(g C5c per bale.
BRAN— $23 50(g21 B0 prr ton.
MIDDLINGS— «27iIi-"J per ton.
Bran and Middlings are very weak, but there
is no further decline. Cracked Corn, Corn Meal
and Mixed Feed are lower.
Hay remains about as before. The circular
of Homers & Co. says :
"Arrivals for the week show a total of 5100
tons, an increaee over the week preceding of 000
tons. With such heavy shipments, the situa
tion has not been at all firm and matters have
been dragging, especially with the medium an<l
poorer grades of hay. We still note a con
tinuance of the general endeavor to have every
thing Bnder cover at th° earliest possible date,
but until the fields are olaned there will be
but little change In the situation here. Liver
more & Hollister are phlpplnf? but sparingly,
most of the wheat hay now coming being rather
coarse rummer fallow. Alfalfa is not In very
plentiful Fupply. the bulk of present arrlvala
being shipped on orders and not offered on the
market. Choice grade clover hay is also a bit
scarce and a limited quantity will sell at gooil
figures. Tame oat hay Is coming In very free
ly and in spite of its popularity is selling rather
slowly at jireaent.
The Government has just advertised for sev
eral thousand tons of hay for Manila. As yet
this has affected the market In no way, for
bids will be received both at Portland and at
the Sound ports, and It la a question as to
which district can furnish the order most
cheaply. Other than this, there has been
nothing of interest that will In any way affect
the future of our market, co much will depend
on the season from this time on."
Hay and Fcedstuffs.
The Raisin combine has at Jaat been con
summated, over 00 per cent of the acreage hav
ing been secured. New prices are as follows:
Two-crown. C®«Hc; three-crewn. OVi^Vic;
four-crown. 0%©7c. »,.^ n ,, . „ ,
NEW FRUIT— Apricots. 7^®0V&c for Royals
and 0@llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
E<3«c: Peaches, 6Vi4?7c; Pears, 008c; Nec
tarines. 4®4%c for white: Figs, white. 4%®
4%o In boxes; rlums. pitted. 6<g0c per lb.
PRUNES— 1002 crcp, 2%£f2%o for the four
eIzph, with %@lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1902 crop are nominal.
NUTS— Walnut*, No. 1 softKhall, XI^^XZc;
No. 2, 10H@U%c: No. 1 hardshell. 11%®12c;
No. 2 10®10V4c; new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils, 10'/»c for I X L. lOVic for No Plus Ul
tra and 8%c for Lanjtuedoc; Peanuts, 3@7c
for Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 5u
fflfi.
HONEY — Comb, new, lZ^iglSHc for white
and lie for amber; new water white extracted,
t!C;.'iiu,c-: light amber extracted. 5@5%c; dark,
BEESWAX— 27@20c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
"¦«¦•
CHICAGO, Sept. 2. — There was no selling
pressure In wheat to-day until top prices were
reached, £2o fur September, after starting at
fcO^QSUftc, and with December up to S-l&o
from the opening at 82 to 82^0. At that point
there was some selling for putslde account and
the close showed a net gain for September of
lc at SI •% ©SI tec. with December up l@lV»c
at P2U@&>c
There was but little corn offered for Bale.
A general demand developed with traders and
the close showed September up %o at 52%c,
after starting at 51%c to 52o and selling tip to
62%c. December closed %a higher at 61%c.
Oats were active and strong. September
closed %c higher at 35^c, and December %Q
%c better at 33%033%c.
Provisions were firm with no feature. Offer
ings were light and were readily absorbed.
September pork close 7^0 higher at $12 35;
September lard was up 2Vic and ribs 10c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 60©
4 8B, usual terms. Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 90@4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 90<g4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
folliwa: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 26; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal, f3 60; extra cream do, $4 20; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. f-» 25I&4 50; Buckwheat
Flour, ?4 60®4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Wholo Wheat Flour, $3 75: Rolled
Oat*, bbls, $7g8 CO; In socks, $0 50@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 CO per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
iVallrsircct Stocks firmer on the day.
Fair, trading in local Stocks and Bonds.
• 'Silver and Unancial quotations shozc some changes.
, : . Wheat and Barley futures higher* Cash Barley active.
:X)ats well held. Corn easy. Rye unchanged. :
-. Bran, and Middli$igs very weak. Hay unchanged.
' :¦ Corn products and Mixed Feed louver.
'-Increasing receipts of nczv crop Beans.
..' Fine-Butter and Eggs a point higher. Cheese still plentiful.
:'" 'Provisions, higher at Chicago, but dull here.
•- Cattlei Sheep and Hogs show no further change.
I Sugar marked up 10 cents.
Not much change in Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
'. Poultry selling readily. Game coming in tainted.
¦¦ ' .Fresh Fruits continue in ample supply.
.' Raisin combine at last consummated.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
more or lees unchanged. Small lots of new
fruit are arriving, but are generally poor as to
quality. Common are quoted at 4®5c; prime,
6^«?5%c; choice, 6@0Hc, and fancy, 694@7^c.
PRUNES — Spot Prunes remain steady to firm
at practically unchanged prices, ranging from
3 mi 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Continue to attract a fair Job
bing demand and rule firm. New crop choice
are quoted at »U®d%c; extra choice at 6%&
lO^c, and fancy at HHffllSc.
PEACHES — Are firm; choice are quoted at
7%#7%c, and extra choice at 8c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio quiet. Coffee futures
closed steady, net unchanged to B points lower.
Sales, 18.700 bags. including 1 September,
8.S5c; December. 4.S5ct March, 4.eO#4.65c;
July, 4.90c
SUGAR— Raw, firm: refined, firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
house buying all had an effect on prices. Later
complaints of damage in the Northwest caused
strength in September. Closed firm at l@lV4e
net advance. May closed 89%ct September
closed 88%c; December closed B8%c.
HIDES— Firm.
HOPS— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet. . 'V-
dividend of 2^4 per cent payable on the 20th.
The Anglo-Calif ornlan Bank. tAA.. pays a
eemi-annual dividend this month of 4 per cent
and the London, Paris and American Bank.
Ltd.. also pays a semi-annual dividend of 4
per cent. . .
purchased the surplus stocks of Blackberries
and Mallnda Strawberries at 2#c per lb.
.The warm weather stimulated the demand 1
for Citrus fruits, particularly Lemons •"><*
Limes, which were quoted steady. Grape Fruit
continued to bring good prices, supplies being
limited. Bananas and Pineapples were un
changed.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 C0®4 for Mallndas
and $4© 5 for other large varieties; Long
worths, nominal.
RASPBERRIES— $7©9 per chest. ¦
BLACKBERRIES— «2 50@4 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7©9c per lb.
APPLES— 85c@?l 10 per box for fancy, fMt
75c for good to choice and 25®40c for common;
Crabapples. 25®35o for small boxes and 4U»
6Oc for large.
PEARS— Bartletts, 75c®$l 25; winter varie
ties, oO@75c per box.
QUINCES— 40$G0c per bcx. iM >-K n
FIGS— 75c@$l per box for black and 40@i5o
for other varieties.
PLUMS and PRUNES— 40@60c per crate
and 25@40c per box; large open boxes, 60@75c;
per ton, $20®25.
NECTARINES— 85o per crate.
¦ PEACHES— Small boxes, 4O@75c; carriers.
50S?C5c; large open boxes. 60c@$l; P«r ton,
$17 50@25 for Clingstones. > ¦
POMEORANATEB— 76feOCo per box.
GRAPES— Seedless. 60@Ttie per boil, Other
varieties, 30©50c for small boxes, 6O@76o for
crates and 65c@f 1 for large open boxes; Zlnran
dcl Wipe Grapes. $24025 per ton. .
MELONS — Cantaloupes, .5c®$l 25 per crate.
Nutmeg Melons. 36®Bwo per box; Watermelon*.
$8020 per hundred. . .„ ." '
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 50©3 for
fancy Valeticlas. $1 75@2 25 for choice and
$1©1 25 for standard; Seedlings. $1@1 25: Lem
ons, $103 per box. with some fancy
higher; Grape Fruit, $1 75@2 25; Mexican
Limes. $5Q0: Bananas. $1 75®2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples. ?2®3 per dozen.
OATS — rAre reported In very fair demand,
with holders aeklng full quotations for the re
cent heavy arrivals.
• White. $1 20@l 30; Black. $1 30©l 45; Red.
fl 16©1 2'2Vj for common and $1 25@1 30 for
choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN— Another car of Western came in.
Prices were unchanged and the market was
steady*
Western, sacked, fl 47%®1 52^ for Yellow
and White and fl 47 & for mixed; California
large Yellow. ?1 55(ffl 57%; email round do.
$1 70®l 75; White, f 1 55 per ctl.
RYE— $1 20@l 2714 P« ctl.- .¦-¦.-,
BUCKWHEAT— $2 26@2 50 per ctl.
Eeiwlon 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 11T4 $1 12% $1 11% $i 12%
. .- ; . Session 2 r. m.
- X -" ' Open. HiKh. Low. Close.
December ...fl 12tf $1 12% $1 12^ $1 12^
Feed. $1 12^01 13%; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 17%@1 25; Chevalier, $1 20@l 50 for fair to
choice.
FUTURES.'-;; r ,¦ -.-
and futures. - The shippers and brewers paid
top prices, and the demand for these accounts
"" C ' CASH BARLEY.
200 Ophlr 1 631*00 Teltow Jacket. 53
400 Potosl ......... 13(
TOMOPAH MIXING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Toribpah and
San Francisco Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
9000 Bsperanza .. 041 5CO Kcscue 11°
1000 Esperanca ... 65 ICO Ton N Star.. 45
30O Mont Ton. .1 02 1* I ICO Ton Midway. 42
Afternoon Session.
30CO Esperanza. ... 0J 100 Ton N Star.. 43
4i*> Mizpah Ext.. SO 200 Mont Ton..lC2V»
500 Rescue ...... 11
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
' "WEDNESDAY. Sept. 3 — 4 p. a.
Bid. A**.. Bld-Ask.
Alpha 02 oajJulla. 01 02
Alta 04 C* Justice 10 «
Andes 14 UKentnck .... 02 OR
B«lcher 23 27 Lady Wash.. — W
Best & Belch.l W 1 CO Mexican 1 CO 1 05
Bullion 03 OJ Occidental ... 3<i S*
Caledonia ... 84 • *>* Ophlr 1 S X «?
Challenge ... Tl KS'Overman • M 24
Chollar 11 13iJ\>tosl • 13 14
Con Cal & Va.l 45 1 SOSavage ..•••• 22 2|
Confidence .. 80 90; S<* Belcher.. 10 U
Crown Point. 10 12 Sierra Nevada. 63 W
Exchequer ... 04 05 Silver Hill .. Jt 74
Gould & Cur. 2« 27iUnlon 65 f?l
Hale A Nrcs. 8O 61 [Utah |» J».
Imperial 03 04J Yellow Jack.. 53 Ott
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Btd.A*k :
Colehan IS SSrPaymaater ... » — \f
Esperanxa ... 03 — | Rescue ...... 0© 1«»
Gipsy Queen. — 27, Ton Fraction. — *J
Hannapah ... — 20 Ton N Star.. 45 4.
Lucky Tom . . — 10 Ton Midway. 3O 43
HacNamara . 10 11) Ton A 8 L.. . . — . »
Mizpah Exten SO 31 United Ton... J*
Mont Ton.. 1 00 1 024 ¦ '
AUGUST KEAI/TY BALES
ABE $2,794,108 I2T TOTAiL
Summer Dullness Causes Decrease in
the Number of Transaction* In
the Local Market. :
According: to Thomas Magee A Bom''
Real Kstate Circular. Isued yesterday, the
eales of realty in San Franctoc'o during
the month of August amounted to $2,7K
108. The transactions numbered 463. . Th*t
la a smaller number than for any other
recent month of the present year. The
Circular gives the following explanation
of the falling off: . i
The decrease in the amounts of sales' is due
to the usual summer dullness, and to the dis
turbed condition of the Eastern money market,
which, however, only affects us Indirectly.
Locally there seems to b« no disturbing reason
for the smaller total of sales except the ques
tion of decided lack of supply of good in
vestment properties in the 60-vara. and 10O-.
vara districts. This lack has been caused
by very heavy buying for the past year and
by the continued advance in price of the bal
ance of properties .which are for sale. Many
properties are now In the market at prices
which present Improvements and present r«nts
will not Justify, but which would be salable
If buyers were not prevented from erecting suit
able improvements by the prohibitive price of
labor and material and the uncertainty of both.
There were 355 mortgages recorded last
month, amounting to $1,757,450. with 2S3 re
leases recorded for $1,620,007. There is still a
fair demand for money, which is easily sup
plied by the banks. The Interest rate remains
at 6 per cent, the banks paying the mort-.
gage tax. Considerable money is needed at
this time of the year by the Interior of the
State for the harvesting and moving of crops,
but this demand is easily met by the county
banks, who have had an abundance of fund*
all through the prosperous times of the last
three or four years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1903.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Business on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange was moderate, with continued firm
ness In the gas stocks. Gaa and , Electric ad
vancing to $C'J 75. with $70 bid at the close,
and the certificates to $60 bid. Alaska Pack
ers was still higher at *14» 50. The oil stocks
were rather • freely dealt in. with Home still
lower at "StjSOc.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric was firm
at $70 and the. certificates'- advanced to the
same figure. Pacific Gas was stronger at
$.15 50 and there was a sale" of American
Biscuit at $flO. Home Oil continued to de
cline at 6O@!70c. '. ¦_ , , „
Crown Point Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10c.
The Standard Biscuit Company has decided
to increase its capital stock from $100,000 to
f^so.ooo. . ... ¦ ¦'-'"',
The American Can Company has declared a
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
ADVEETISEMEinS. • . '¦'
STATEMENT
OF THE - -,-
CONDITION ANT> AFPAIBS
——OB* TH&— ¦ ¦
THURINGIA
INSURANCE COMPANY .
year ending on that day. aa made to. the In-
surance Commissioner of tha State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sectlona
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
a 8 per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL. ¦ . *.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid op
in Cash > $450.000 00
ASSETS. *
Real Estate owned by Company. *««.*|g *{
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. 8.349.032 8*
Cash Market Value of all Stocks . „ ¦__
and Bonds owne4 by Company. 1,834,630 7?
Amount of Loans secured by '?%im
pledge of Bonda. Stocks and
other marketable aecuritUa aa ¦_
collateral ¦ -• « Sa S
Cash in Company's Offic« ...... O t*-Sf J2
Cash In Banks "•'••.; W ** M
Interest due and accrued on all _-,,„»«
Stocks and Loans zs.?io ss
interest due and accrued on , AAiT(W
Bonds and Mortgage* ........ 10.047 63
Premiums In due Coarse of Col- -„,«-««
lection •• -• 202.438 IS
Bills receivable, not Matured. v ..
taken for Fire and Marine _. «*,-.!
Risks. Agents" Balances O4.ZZW *3
Due from other Companlea for re- •
insurance on losses already paid }?*•»« «
Securities of Pension fund 117.179 00
Total Assets 112.818.128 IS
LIABILITIES. ;•-.;;
Losses adjusted and unpaid T
Loeses in process of Adjustment M1 , m - „.
or In Suspense $315,013 00
Losses resisted, including ex- . ; .
pensea '• • • . . ¦ '
Gross premiums on Fire Risks . ...
running one year or less. *.. ; „_,„,
reinsurance 5O p«r cent ." ¦ 830.0BB Ul
Gross oremiuma on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
$..; reinsurance pro rata J" "
Gross premiums on Marine and .
Inland Navigation Risks. $..: •,-,-•»«
reinsurance 100 per cent , ' 1.743 39
Gross premiums on Marine Time . -
Risks. $.-; reinsurance 50 per
cent ¦»• •
L 'menu 7 . . SS SS • • — • W» »
Cash dividends remaining. unpaid. 80 00
Pension fund i 124 * 8 i* ?*
Relief fund . aa oa
Total Liabllltle. .ll.l.fiQO.479 OT
rNCOME. ~ ~ T "
Net cash actnally received for
Fire premiums : ?I.S8S.1KJ a*.
Net cash actually received for ,_-„,,.
" Marine premiums - . 1Z.3SV 30.-
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages : 338.643 70
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
and from all other sources 10 5"*r f*
Received for Renta 8.838 24
Received for profit on aale of • .
assets ¦-¦- '• . «3,854 14
Received for premiums fn other'-
departmenta 1.831.043 83
Total Income ..*... . $3.^9.439 07
EXPENDITCRES.
Net amount Daid for Fire Losses
(Including $ losses ot pr«» •
vioua years) J79O.0S9 »>
Net amount paid for Marine .
Losses (Including $ losses .¦-.->* V_ 2.
of previous years) i™ 1^ S°
Dividends to Stockholders 135.000 Q0
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 623.03111
Paid for Salarlea. Fee« and other ¦ -.--.:¦
charges for ofHcers. clerks, etc. 123.119 S3
Paid for State. National and . .....
Local taxes ••• 24.WT 14
All other payments and expendi-*. j,"'".^
tures 318.693 W
Paid for losses In other depart- ? -* -^ <--
ments UM.629 97.
Total Kxpendltures $3.061.763. 97
Losses incurred dur- Fire. Marine.
ing the year 8847,884 03 tll.SM 30
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
yVa"". . d "! in *' h ? «1.0=S.0«>.6a7 «2.«W.733 «
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ...... ...... 690,526.016 2,M7.30eo8
Net amount in force
December 31. 1002. 719.001.303 1.578.137 82
Mar. Risks. ( Prsmtums'.
Net amount of Risks '
written during the
year ...... ...... $12,753,384 $39.978 S9
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 33.054,264 43.010 23
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902. 13.252.443 12.390 3«
ERNST LA.NGB. Sec'y.
CARL SCHUMANN. Sec'y.
Subscribed and sworn to befor* me, this loth
day of Aortl. 1908. P. TEICHMANN,
U. S. Vice Consul at Weimar.
pacific coastTepartmemt.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
General Agents, ';'
204-208 Sansome Street,
SAN FRANCISCaTHE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1903.
12
; : SA!» FRAJfCISCO CALL.
¦"BUSINESS OFFICE of the Baa Fraaalioo
DiH .corner Market and TtirA streets; open
until 32 o'clock every night In the rear.
- BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street.
". corner Clay; open until 9:S0 p. m.
'. 300 Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
•<v» McAllister strmt open until 9:80 p. m.
• C15 Larkln street; open until 0:80 p. m.
1241 Mission street; open until 10 p. tn.
'¦ 2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; oipea
. . until » p. m.
• V 106 'Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
' J0»8 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
¦ Northwest corner of Twecty-eeoond and Kea-
jucky f treats; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
• . CHl'llCU SERVICES.
• REV. E. -A. ROSS at Penlel Hall, Pine, and
: Keirny, Sept. t>-20. both inclusive, at 8 p. tn.
- At 4W Third st. Sundays. 6-13-20 at 2 p. m.
; MEETING NOTICES.
: 'A SPECIAL meeting of Godfrey y>""*j»j
' .'. de St. Omar Council No. L, HOTT
•Knights Kadosh. A. and A..gl iHI f|i
..Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, JBBhBBSBI
. . will be held In Commandery cp==nt^5=?n
! Hall. Masonic Temple, on Ijfil
" • THURSDAY EVENING. Sep- titfSto
.. t#irb*r 3. 1903. st 7:30 o'clock.
•¦Reception of Petitions."
. - - ¦ HENRY BURXER, Recorder.
• « A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena M
'¦ : Lo<2e« of Perfection No. 1. A. and f\
, • -A.. Scottish Rite ot FTeemasoan'. /Oft,
. .wiil be heid In Commandery Hall, <**»*
. Masonic -Tercpla. on THURSDAY EVENING
September 3. l»08. -at 8 o'clock. Degree 4.
. .7 'Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
. HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
. Chapter No. 73, R. A. M.— » i
• .l-tat.4 meeting THIS ( THURSDAY) VV
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. P. M. and/V\
M. E. M. degree*. By order of the
H. P. , JOHN R. H1LLMAN. Beo.
••CALIFORNIA Lodge No 1, F. and A. O
M.. will meet THIS < THURSDAY) VV
. : EVENING. September 3, at 7:30/V\
• o'clock. Stated meeting and third
¦ degree.- By order of the Master.
--. ¦ FRANKLIN H. DAY. &sc
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. « '
-. M— Stated meeting THIS (THURS- VV
i>AT> '¦ EVENING, at 7:S0 o'clock. /\r\
By order of the W. M.
... FREDERICK BARRT. Sec
.DORIC Lodge No. 218, F. and A. M.— ® i
. Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) yy j
EVENING, at 7:U0 oclock. By order
"of the Master.
. . . ¦ ¦ . ¦ J. R. GOLDSMITH. Seo.
' 6TAP-R KING Ix>dse No. 344. F. and A. m j
.' • M..- .<17 Devlsadero st. — Stated meet->«/S^
. ing THIS EVENING at 8 o - clock. /^V
; ; . A. A. ANDERSON. Sec.
SAN" FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3. 1. II~^I 1
'•¦ O K. — rouble initiiticn TO- ~-t^£Sf^ t '- '
MOSKOW .rTUDAY) EX-EXIXG.^^^ftl '
' . ¦ ¦ ' A. STEINMETZ, N. G. . I
J.-W.'E. ALLEN. Rec. Sac. _^
TEttBA BL'EfA Lodge No. 15 I.
' . «.'- <>. F.. meets TO-NIGH T.-i^slSSwy-.
'THVRSDAT). Present^tlon.^yZsdHJIp ¦
Members requested to be prea- '^SBSiS**' ,
ect. Visitors welcome.
FRANK KRULL, N G.
• ' CH AS. A. W1SEWELL. Rec. Sec
FRANCO- AMERICAINE Lodge No.
2CC 1, O. O. F. — Th» of£cers *^<J.»"^(%S5£?S^
rr.'TnbfTi are requested 10 attend^?^5J*5£v5
cur next regular meeting of "**S^^fs^
Eeptember S. Business of importance.
J. B. OROGNON. N. G.
MORSE LODGE No. 257. I. O. O.
F. Off.cers arid ir.embers ar6 no-.a?j*5K^ftps.
•-.£<¦<: to a«e:r.bie at t±i«- haJl cn^£^^fi£y&3
FT1IDAY. at l:3u p. m., to attend **VfnW^
. the funeral of our brother JOHN HOWELL.
W. H. FELDCAMP. N. G.
C. BRIND. Rec. Sec.
' I CALIFORNIA LODGE No. L K. Cf .<£ I
P..- meets THIS THURSDAY EVEN- *»$£>,*
IVG at 8 o'clock. Pythian Castle. WU8 t3j&
. •%!->_• ke-t 5t. Kn-.chi rank. Ktik form. i
Visitors cordially invited. (
.- . : AKTHURO.DAVIS.C.C.j
P.. N. McLEXNAN. K. of R. and S. |
• UNITY Lodge No. 61. K. ot P., will ~f%L \
: ¦ confer the Ksisht Rank <long form) *artS^^ '
¦ on THURSDAY EVENING. Sep- /Sa& I
• tember 3. at Pythian Caetle. 90 .^gp^
" . Market tc All brothers are cordially invited i
' • to attend. By order of
¦•• JAMES MORAN. C. C,
. S TV. GATES. K. of R. and S.
Atit-;.\Ts WASTED.
'-. AGENTS wanted in every town to eell Cof-
farin, the best cereal coffee on the market;
awarded gold isedal by California State Ex-
position; exceptional opportunity for bright.
. ¦ energetic parties with small capital to eetab-
¦ J'eh a profitable buninesa; exclusive territory.
Cof-farln Co.. 400 Jackson et.
. ' EXCELLENT opportunity is offered to a man
. -of character and ability, who can sell urtt-
• • class Ojvernment bonds for monthly insiall-
•-. . menu. without risk; good commission; people
•' speak different languages preferred.
• - l:!alto. building, rooms 405-407.
. AOENTS — A new naoney-m.-«ker. f. PERSON.
• 477 and 478 Parrott building.
' ~-'J AiyuKAEYS-AT.LAW.
. ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
. ¦ -uivorcrt a si>eriajt.y. Private. Quick.
;;-¦;..: NO PAY I.NLEFS BVCCBSSFVU.
¦ '.. G..W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT l^AW
.- " .11-22 Market St.. offices 1, 2, .", 4 and 5
.;.;.. BEWARE OF FRAUDS.
.- ; • Anyone can advertise, but unless the ad-
;.- . rerttffement fays "Attorney at Law" thu
' 1 erty -advertising is not a lawyer; don't be
fooled. . - /
..».........;. ADVICE FREE
... COLUMBIAN* LAW AGENCY
. ;Rm.«. J«1G Market; tei. Red 01S; bad ten-
ar:U tj.^cted sptedily arid reasonably; collec-
'. . tions attended to: attachments; corporations
civil and criminal practice.
-. RC'BT. VV. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.
. Tin. «11; all cast*, damages, estate* wills'
¦ ¦ attachments, collections, eto.; consultation
tree; no advance- charges ; call or write- even-
' . . !r.g£ by gppointmtnt. Tel. Red 0601.
• • ADVICE free— I will advance' cost in m»ritori-
: .ous cases, divorces, probate j>n<l all other law
'ases- no feet jn advance; opr-n every even-
lt. f . J. M. THURbTUN. 819 Market st , r. 31.
' '*'"l. S ' ci - ai ? k - Kninia £pr«rk'-U bfdg.. 927 Mar-
K*t m.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
.AITKEN & AITKEN. attorrvys rs 309-10-1 f
'¦mr.ie hljg.. so;; California ft.; tei" Main 72/
' ADVI ri? ftc * ; a " < » fi * s ; open ewentaca. ~ii
• . L- -'"l AN. h.-«i Market gt.. cor. Stockton.
BIRDS, DUGS. KTC.
. TOT -NO talking parrets.S.% each;Oerman singing
canaries. $.'; we will tn' to please you: cvery-
tiilng jn our line at right pnet*. 1M« Market.
* __H^%HblX(; Fon .CHILDBEX.
CHtt£> to board with runny room for parent 7
•r.Miwnable: private family. 1714 Mission stl
• ~ ~~^-J 1 .^ 1 * 12 " CHAACBS.
: NEW HOTEL FOR SALE.
•\. b f* n<1 n * w brl <* hotel of 100 room« mar-
• niflctntiy furnished throughout with the v"fy
" l . « rade ot furniture and carpns; located
' !°'tv rn^e™ t?T n<>r " nd Will,
«\»t-y modern hnttl convenience, euch ¦«
€ if* trtc Ii| f htJi - electric elevator steam heaV
j-bones in every room, billiard roon\ g?lVl
.100m etc; long leas-; if you™ i^kThc
?imply for something cheap for speculation
i<xard!«s of quality; don't boihe.- v.ith thi" :
but if you- want a really high-grade propo'-
• ution for permanent Investment ihat will
FiCM good, steady return, and be a credit to
iM C.l, m bu a ud ! ng? k lnt ° U " A - Iy ~
; ' •. -^ '^; zzz
TO LEASE.
On Mason st.. adjoining the "Poodle Dog"
8- fire modern rooming-house of 105 roumV
und«r construction, but almost finished- M
!-in s !* rooms and 53 baths: great location •
. reasonable rent; a sure money winner if run
on the right plan. SPECK & CO.. «67 Mar-
M&0— RESTAURANT and home bakcrj' the
• best bargain e\er offered: must be'pold-
owner haa other business; receipts averace
**0 dally; rent only $55 per month; a grand
chance for a man that understands the res-
in uritnt busings: place clears ovc-r SloO wr
month. Box 1T491. Call office.
FOR sale— In a large town 60 ralles from city
first-class candy store, factory. Ice creani
parlors: complete ice cream plant; must be
sold quick. Apply A. C. BOLUEMAN & CO
118 First gt.
BRANCH bakery, laundry offlce, cigar*, sta-
tionery, notions for tale at loss than invoice
price; good paying fctand. 1007^ Mkt.. rm. 1.
ACTIVE, reliable partner for -fine paying office
business; good income assured; $225 cash re-
quired: splendid chance. 1007 M Market, rm. 1.
, $800 — Partner wanted In butcher chop; estab-
lished 10 years; grand chance for a good, re-
liable man.- Box iM'.C. Call office.
. FOR SALE — Nrat restaurant. 3 living rooms,
cash register. ¥350; only thoee meaning busl-
ness net-4 answer. Box 2494, Call offlce.
BOARDING-HOUSE; 8 rooms ~aU~flJl«J' «ood
• trainees. 1031 McAllister at.
EPUCATIOXAX — Continued.
SAN FRANCISCO Buslnesa College, 1238 Mar-'
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 19 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. "Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free. ¦
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st. 1 special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar
chip, $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates 1 modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school ot
dancing-; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S School ot Mines & E1ectrlclty,24 Poet
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve,; est. 18C4. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and Gol-
den Gate aves., S. F.-; fills ever}' requirement.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
St., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpeic Conser-
vatory; lessons 75q and, $1. 840 Golden Gate.
GUITAR accompaniment taught. 304A Turk
etreet.
. AT Klngsland Art Shop — Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 1184 Height St.. near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PAKTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Palnt-
lngs from Nature. CURRIER, 372 Sutter Bt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr.lOth.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg., $3 mo.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKlT^l PosrTtTptelT^ush^lsB^
Japanese - Chinese employment offlce: fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, eto.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 57B2.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help
jZHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's, 41114- O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
j RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flcc; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
I CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO., C40 Ciay.
fc-BIPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
TRAINED nurse desires the care of sick or
invalid person; terms reasonable. Box 2iSt5.
Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; good fitter:
fews 60c day or $2 50 a week. M F. box
2495, Call office.
SWEDE woman wants work by day; will do
housework and washing. 1591? Clara st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position In private
family. 2132A Bush st.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes position to do up-
stairs work and plain sewing; will assist
with children. 517 Bush gt.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — JI.UB.
A GERMAN, middle aged and single, wishes
a situation in grocery store and barroom:
first-class references. W. BOHLING, 417
Kearny st.
AMBITIOUS and strong young man of 19 de-
sires any kind of work, morning and evening,
to help pay his expenses while attending
high school In city. Box 2493. Call.
CAN you use in your business an active, thor-
ough, reliable experienced buslnesa man?
good manager; good ad writer. If so, ad-
dress W. D. BEERS, 723 Market st.
: YOUNG man would like situation as inter-
preter, speaking German, French, Italian
Spanish and English. -Box 248S. Call.
MAN would like a situation as night or day
watchman: sober and honest; can furnish
best of references. O. A., 9 Alaska st.
STRONG young man wants position as helper
in blacksmith, machine or boiler fchop; city
or country. Box 248X. Call.
A HANDY man wishes work in machine shop;
willing to be generally useful; has worked
around machinery. Bos 4140, Call office.
MAN would like situation as watchman or any
light work; will furnish bonds if necessary.
Box 2458, Call.
BAKER — Good, all-around man; wants posl-
tlon in country. Box 4^39. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man would like to put on a team
for a downtown house. Box 4124, Call offlce.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wishes a position aa
school boy. A. B. C. tel. Green 250; 315A
Mascn Et.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position, work
hours 10 a. m. to 6 or night. ITO, 315A
Mason st., room 1.
I JAPANESE toy wants a position in family aa
schoolboy. F. YOSHIDA. 317 Mason St.; tel.
Green 26O.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants position In
family or first-class hotel. 366 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established «t 1000
Valencia «t.
FLATS TO LETT
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
ssrvlce absolutely free: take advantage of
ttiis department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
Et., on the square.
I --
A NEW sunny flat, with the very latest im-
provements. 156o Grove st.
PERRY, 263 — Rear flat: 3 rooms; rent $10.
SE. CORNER Pace and Lyop— Middle flat. 8
rooms, bath; rent reasonable.
PIERCE. 25»— Elegant 6-room flat, with bath;
very sunny; rent reasonable.
TO lei — Flat of four rooms; 1SU7 U'Karrell.
HOOKKR fe LENT. 14 Post st. -^- --.
FLATS FOR SALE.
A BARGAIN— $1250; CORNER LOT, 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEB
OWNER ON FREMISSS.
FLATS FOR SALE — KlRMhHEO.
VERY sunny upper flat, furnished; piano: 7
rooms and bath; convenient several car lines;
overlooking Golden Gate Park. 200 Carl at.;
phone 1'age 150-
FOR SALE — New five-rocm flat. Call 3 to 5
p. m.. 373 Jones st.
PUHMTURE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture. carpets, etc.: tel. Larkln 3631. 634 Ellis.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
WANTED — 5 cooks. $W>. $35. city and country;
housework, $30; 2 maids and seamstresses,
$25; 4 secon«l girls. $25; 2 laundresses, $06,
$25; laundress. 3 days week, ?28, sleep home ;
4 nurs-cKlrls. $15. $25; kitchen helper. $25,
deliratesFt n; working housekeeper, hotel. $:?0;
4 chambermaids, wait one meal, $20, $22 50;
cook, country hotel. $35: r man and wife, de-
partment house. $50; country, $40; cook,
diet kitchen; $30; laundress and seamstress,
boys' home. $'J5. and 50 houseglrls at $20
$25. $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO!,
334 Butter st.
¦WANTED — Waiter or butler and wife as maid
or cook for family In country. $B5 to $75-
butler. $45, see party this forenoon, fj. F.
CROSETT & CO., 3J>4 Sutter st.
A— SECOND Kirl, $25; eeamstress, $25 (5 cooks
$30; housekeeper. $20; a woman "to work
part of the day. Bleep home, $25; woman to
cook, sleep home. $35; laundress. $25; woman
with a child. $20. Mrs. Norton. IU.-J Sutter.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrd-esblng
trade; manicuring, massage etc.; ,1230 Mar-
ket ft., cor. Jones, room 9t; positions secured
at higncst wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for rail season •
both seasons taught frcm start to finish in one
month for $10; positions u» trimmers sales-
ladles, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up-
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.'
A— WANTED, girls to learn halrdress. mani-
cure, etc.: trade taught from A to Z In 2
weeks; $5 to those entering' now; 3 positions
to fill immediately; positions guaranteed at
$10 per week up; leading school In West. 23:1
Ueary tt.. room 13. . .
EXPERIENCED alteration hands wanted on
skirts and jackets. Apply superintendent's
office. The Emporium.
YOUNG sirl wanted for light housework- good
home. 221 Bartlett st. ¦-..,.
FIRST-CLASS cook, with references; email
family: good wages. 1809 California st.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE Con.
MIDDLE-AGED women to sew buttons on
shirts by hand; steady work. -LEVI
BTRAUSS A CO.. 86tt Fremont St.; take ele-
vator; eoe Mr. Henshaw.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT 8T. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
EXPERIENCED and inexperienced bright
salesladies- also stock girl. The Gamossl,
101 Post st.
EXTRA saleslady for first-class bakery: ap-
ply 9 a. m. to 12 m. Restaurant Keepers'
Association, 6 Eddy st., room 46.
WANTED — Pants finisher or girl who can
sew; good wages. 415 Montgomery st..
room 11, top floor.
WANTED — Young girl to take care of child:
good home and wages; call mornings, 190S
Bush st. •
A LADY of indomitable 'energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON. 477
and 47S Parrott building.
A GIRL for cooklne and housework; wages
$25. 1023 O'Farrell st.. near Van Ness ave.
WANTED — Finishers and quick sewers. Ap-
ply N. SIMINOFF. 122S Market St.
WANTED — First-class trimmer for San Jose.
I Apply Butler-Schutz* Co.. 723 Market st
WANTED— First-class flnleher on pants; steady
, work. 104 Kearny st.
GOOD active hands wanted for mangle room.
Eureka Laundry Co., 316 Tenth «t.. rear.
COMPETENT cook for institution. 2344 Sut-
ter St. ' . t
YOUNG girl, general housevrcrk, plain cooking,
washing; wages $15 to S20. 1920 Sutter st.
WANTED— A girl for light second work. Call
2293 Franklin st. .
BRIGHT, energetic woman to canvass and
take orders for Cof-farln, a delicious and
nourishing cereal coffee; awarded gold medal
by California State Exposition; salary and
commission. Cof-farln Co.. 400 Jackson st.
A GIRL for cooking and housework; small
family; wages $25. Apply 224 Sutter St.. in-.
strument store.
WAXTED— Young German or Swedish grlrl
for eeneral housework in the country*. Call
313 Thirteenth st., 0 to 12.
GIRLS — About 15, for factory work; good
wagtrs; apply at once. AMES & HARRIS,
100 Sacramento st.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory Central
ave. and Waller st.
WANTED— First-class cook. Call 1720 Broad-
way. between U and 12 a. m.
GERMAN girl for housework in bakery. Cor-
ner of Eleventh and Howard sts.
TOUNG girl for light housework. 1303 Golden
. Gate ave.
WANTED — 2 ladles to travel with RIngllngs'
! - show; must bo stout. Box 2430. Call.
APPRENTICE at Mme. Lichau's dressmaking
rarlors; paid while learning. 455 Geary st.
A GIRL wanted for general housework; salary
! $20. 67» McAllister st.
I GIRL for cooking and general housework; 3
in family. Apply at 423 Baker st.
PERMANENT business position for a mature
j woman. Box 2481, Call office.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. -MARKS
BROS.. 1220 Market st.
TAILORESS as pants finisher and apprentice.
5V4 Kearny tt., room 17. top floor.
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to ft. office 69,
Columbian building. !)1C Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Tall branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
HELP WAVrEU-MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment
Agency, 420 Bush st. (542 Clay st.
Special Shipment To-day for Nevada. .
Free fnre. Fee $1.00
Hammprsnicn. Tacoma. Nev #2 25
Fence builders. Golconda, Nev $2 25
Laborers, Ueno, Nev $2 t>0
Laborers, Beowawe, Golconda ..|S-00
fchlp to-day. Free fare. Fee $1.00
And will ship daily this week.
10 teamsters, R. R. work, near city, good
work, $2 25; 20 quarrymen, near city, $2; 10
laborers, nt-ar city. $2 25. free fare; 2O men
to imll and thresh beans, $1 50 day and
board, s?e boss here: 10 fruit-plcker». $1
day anij board, See boss In town: machinist,
country sawmill, $:i 50 day: 10 Klmond pick-
ers, nem- city, $1 day and board: stableman.
Institution. $25; milker and wife, country.
$50; .'! farmers, same ranch. $30; 10 men to
j distribute bills, $1 to $1 '6© day: gardener
and porter. Institution, $30; millwright, $3 50
day; 10 boys, box factory, $4 week; coach-
man and gardener, $30; man about place
and gardener, $35. ' y
R. R. camp cook. Nevada, $65; 10 second
cooks, fryers, broilers, vegetable cook*. $50-
$75; « waiters, country hotel. $30; butcher,
country shop, $35; baker's helper, country
shop, $30; dishwashers, potwashirs, bell boys,
elevator boys; porter, springs;- fare advanced,
%¦&. • ¦ .
C. R.'- HANREN & CO.'S Employment
Agency, 4211 Bush st 642 Clay bt.
A COLORED errand boy for this office. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 420 Bush st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
5S> 3d st., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA. FREE FARE. NEVADA.
200 laborers. Southern Pacific's own work,
new Job.-$2,a day, $18 board.
We elup every day. Free fare.
EUREKA. HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
FARE ADVANCED.
10 iumber pliers, $35 and board.
10 laborer*. $35 end board. -_^,
Ship by steamer Corona.
Free fare to Caspar, Mendocino County; tun-
nelmen, $2 75 a day; teamsters'. $2 25 a day:,-
laborers, *2 a day; mill and yard men, $<;0
and board. 51 fee.
SAWMILL AND WOODS MEN.
2 timber fellera. $tR> and board.
3 barkers, $50 and bonrd.
2 crosscutters. $50 and board.
-2 lookouts, $40 and board.
2 waterbucks, $40 and board.
OREGON.
10 coar miners 'for/ Oregon, 6- foot vein; fare
advanced: nhlp Thursday and Friday. 1 -
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, -59 Third.
BOY wanted tot grocery business. 1425 Octa-
vla st.
BCglXESS" CHAJtCES— ConUnael,
RESTAURANT on Fourth Bt J400
Restaurant: fine transient tmd» 12«>0
Restaurant and bakery • *00
Cigar «tor»e. 7. from $100 to 900
General merchandise store In country.. 6000
and notion store 850
Stationery and variety store | a bargain. 8.*>
Notion store and branch bakery fv>0
Partner In soda work*, country 600
For good, reliable- business bargains ees
WILFORD & HARRISON. 3 Taylor aL
RESTAURANT ; t2S0| must be sold at oncej re-
oelpts average $20 dally : alokneas cause of
sale. WILFORD & HARRISON. 3 Taylor st.
BAKERY; fine location In Ulo Vista; good
baker will do well. Address DAN Mc-
ORAUOH. Rio Vista. Cal.
PHOTO nudto In city; 18.000 good-paying neg-
atives; other Interests d«mand my attention;
no time for trtflerw. Box 2404. Call.
FOR sale or rent — Fully equipped, modern,
paying hospital In Southern California city.
Address P. O. box 457. San Bernardino.
FOR "sale — Grocery arid bar; good stock; good
location. Further particulars apply box 4182.
Call effloe. __—
FOR sale— Printing; offloe and material In lots
to suit. 420 Montgomery st. roonrSa.
Fv*E got $400: what have you got? No agwnta.
Box 2497. Call offlce.
INSIDE bootblack stand for sale. B7 Ellis st.
$1200— OYSTER and chop house; great bargain;
cheap rent, clears (150. 55 3d st.. room 1.
FOR SALS— An lneld* route on this paper.
For particulars apply at offloe.
A bakery: delicacy; all store trade; $26 a day;
price $JSOO: no agents. 715 McAllister st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOK SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent * 1 *°rr • -'*°°2
58 rooms; south ot Market; rent $100.. 2000
21 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. |50
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease.. 6jO
120 rooms; good leaae; low rent 6500
R7 nas. ; apartments ; Western Add. ;rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels roadhouses, flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EiTEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny Bt.
CLOSE & CO., 1007 '/i Market St., room L have
several mortgaged rooming-houses which
must be sold immediately; call and examine
our large free list; all offers considered.
$2SCO— SACRIFICE; good paying respectable
rooming-house; choice -location. Owner, box
1702.
S I'l R ITU AL1SM.
CONVENTION of California State Spiritual-
ists' Association, Friday, lo a. m., at Assem-
bly Hall. Red Men's building. 3gO Post st.
THOMAS OUELLETTE; special life readings
25c; absolutely free unless correct: full
names given. 84 Sixth St.. rooms 10 and 12.
ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the fa-
mous psychic; stamp for circular. 1112 Eddy
st., near Octavla.
A — ETHEL CRJNDLE. materializing seance,
Wed.. Fri. and Sun, eves.. 50c. 1115 Poet st.
MJiE. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-t»lght.
10c. 61it McAllister; come, skeptics.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening,
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrison st.. cor. Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant.
buslnesa medium and life reader. 416 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
~ CLAIUVOYAXT3. j7
ATTENTION^1$1 $1 $1 $1 $L
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 *1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell your
name, occupation and what you called for; I
promise to tell you whether husband, wife or
sweetheart Is true or false; tell you whom
and when you will marry: in fact, I will tell
you every hope, fear or ambition better than
you can tell; I improve your character so
that you will reach the highest possible .de-
velopment In mental vigor, health, happi-
ness and capacity to earn wealth; »o you
will live happy and contented the rest of
ycur life; mediums developed; hours 10 a. in.
to 8 p. m.; Sundays 2 to S. 326 O'Farrell
ft.— S26.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third et., next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present- happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business trouble*, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mail. Tel. Biack 4569.
ISMAR. the Egyptir.n rypsy. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
¦t., cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
m. to S p. m.: readings by mail as satisfac-
tory aa in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
fell life, ?5; send lock of hair, date and year
[ of hirth; don't send currency. Send postoffice.
! Welle-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTKR, scientific clairvoyant and
card reailer. born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the paM. present and future:
ladles. 5<V?; sents. ?1 : by rards. palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting: $1 5O. 126 Turk «t.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
gives names; L. fiOc. G. 51; u questions by
mall. $2:hrs. 10 to 9. 714 Franklin, nr.G.G. ave.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenbenr. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will glv a jrood reading. 10c. for
a ehort time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
! A— Mme. Ravenna read? life, business advice;
¦ names given; 25c up. 5 4th rt.. njar Market.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in ctty.
I 26 ! 3 Kearr.y. room 20: ladles 25c. gents .*0c.
I MRP. CHAFER, rlairvovant. card reader: slt-
j tings dally. 448U Jfrsie st.. bet, fith and 6th.
j CARPET DEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
I AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. r. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big. : phone Main .'237.
WHEN you becom* 1 disgusted with your work
send for BPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
: ing Works. 355-3."7 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
I CALIFORNIA Carpet -lw>ating Co.. J. McQueen
i proprietor. 329 Guerrero !«t.; tel. Mission 40.
j TP.V HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beattng;
! mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 210
ADVANCE <^arpet Cleaving Co.. 4<»2 Putter s=t.;
t»l. Main ::t)4. GEO. WALCOM & i"O.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. f-arpet-beatins works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2(i.'{.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
£53 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone Eaf t 126.
j CHIROPODISTS.
j DUXLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary All
i ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunions. etc.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
BANGHART & WEYER.
f Collectors.
No. 1170 Market St. Room 37.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms "9-10; tel. 53S0.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE to let; 4 rooms, bath and cellar;
rent f20. 27U9 Howard at. *
$26 — 6-ROOM rot t age to let; key at Park
House. 2304 Fulton »t. . .*¦
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market?~nr.l:ieventh
— No charge for • extracting wlirn plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 5oe: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yis.: crown. $.'{ 50; fillings, r<Oc;
plates, f5; full pot: all work painless and war-
rant»tl. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
I'ARIS Dental Pailors. '£& Kearny, cor. Uush —
Set tectn. £1 lit} up: trownr, $2 up: flllinKf.23o.
GOLD fill ings, 75c: silver, o5c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hcwitt.'-'Ol Sutter.
10 PER CENT ofT this month; estimates free.
New York Dentist?, !>09 Mliialon nl.. cor. €th.
DRESSMAKERS AM) MJAMSTHKSSCS
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any !>attcrn cut to measure, loiy Market.
ACCORDION*, eunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
DVEIXG. AX p. CLEAXIXcT
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3015 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 4.Vt. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDt'CATlOA'AL.
A — CALDWELL College of Oratory. Acting
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West'
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day and evening class; beauti-
ful new^cata2ogu^free^l205Market, cor. 9th.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Pest S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ'lng'
languages, telegraphy. English branches-
day and night sessions, lllua. catalogue free.
HORSES AND WAGONS— Con tint wed.
SECOND-HAND wire wheel buggr and Jos
cart. Victoria. Brewster coupe, surrey, phae*
ton, tandem cart, cheap. O'BRIEN'S, cor?
ner Polk st. ar.d Golden Gate ave.
~ HOUSES TO LKT.
' ¦ .^_j
A — PR1NTE1> list of houses to let; scad for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN fc CO.. 14 Montgomery..
A — HOUSES and flat* to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantaxa of
this department: it will sava you tlm« an t
trouble. Cordeo Furniture Co.. 245- 25U Geary
St.. on the square.
BEFORE moving g«t our printed ll«t of nous**
to let. B«T.nwt\ gr H"WFLI,. ??i Po,t at.
BOl'SES TO LKT— ITllX.SHED.
TO let— Handsomely furnished houae of 24
rooms and 3 bath rooms, including parlor,
library and billiard, room; Sutter «t.. near
Van Ness ave. Apply to MADI3ON St ¦
BURKE. 30 Montgomery »t.
A WELL furnished house, piano. S rooms; very
sunny: fine location: 1375 Masonic ave. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montgomery st, '
ELEGANTLY furnished cottage. 5 rooms, bath'
and basement; nlc« location: piano, phen*.
etc.; rent $50 per month. Box 4133. Call.
WELL furnished house, eleven rooms, bath.
gas and electricity; nr. university and car
lines. 2163 P-wtght way. Berkeley.
ELEGANTLY furnished house. 10 rooms, 2
baths; sunny, large gar&en; grand view.
419 Oak st. .
ARK. furnished complete; sala or rent. Apply
Olfi Market St.. room 70.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
FOR sale— To be removed. 2 houses. 1217 an-l
1210 Sutter st. Apply to MR. SHEDDEN.
manager St. Dunstan'9. . . -
LOST ASP FOCXP. . ¦ -.
LOST— In Golden Gate Park, lady'e goM
watch; monogram C. E. K. : attached to
wreath pin. Reward to finder at &41 Fell
St.; telephone Fell 5541. ' ¦ _
LOST— Aug. 19, very old black and tan bitch.
Return to 71 Sheridan et. : receive reward.
LOST— Red Irish setter Mtch; year old; white-
breast. Phone. West 1C67. ¦ . "
LOST— A purse containing $73 and . a gold
medal awarded to Cof-farin Co. for the besS-
cereal coffee by the California State Exposi-
tion. A liberal reward will be paid for: th*
return of the medal to Cof-faria Co.. 400
Jackson st. ¦ •
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla. Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco tn.
the nama of HENRY WIGGINTOX or ELr
LEN WIGGINTON. No. 238-449. Th« finder
will please return to bank. .
LOST— Bulldog; color brindl* with white chejt
¦ nd feet: ears and tall cut; answers name
Majcr or Kid: had on collar and tag: Lib-
eral reward if returned, to 1310 Baker St..
near Geary. ¦ ' '
LOST— Sunday, Aug. 30, on McAlllater-st;
car. a screw diamond' stud. Return to R. K.
RUSS. 207 Front St.; no question* a*l£ed:
liberal reward. . ;
LOST— Lady's watch attached to black si I*
cord with fob chain and gold rtng; liberal
reward. S P. CO.'S agent. Cot-bin station,
via West Berkeley ' . _¦
REWARD for return of dress suit case marked
J. A. K., left at corner Page and - Buchaaaa
lU. Beturn to Dramatic Review ofSce. 24
Oeary et. . ' ' ' .
IT will pay to "liemember" that the California
V/atch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs 014
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
LOFTS TO LKT.
LOFT to lease — 650 Mission at.. NTV. comer -
of Annie; light loft ot 400O square feot; pas-
senger and freight elevator service: win leas*
tor a term; rent reasonable. SHAINWALD.
BTJCKBEE & CO.. 213-220 Montgomery it.;
MUlo building. ' ¦' •
MISCKLLA.NEOIS— FOR SALE.
DOES YOUR ROOK LEAK? ¦
Repair It with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay:
need» no painting or coating; sooa- over cM
iron, tin or shingles: best for MrW roof«.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
A— Fine suits. $7 50: dress pant3, $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothinw Pariors. 2i>» Kvarny sti.
naar Bush: open to ftp. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hata. Si 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters,. 330 Kearny St., -near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon. .
A— ELYS, sells or rents gear machinery, er--
gines, noil?rs. water pipe, shaftihx. pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
NEWSPAPER route for sale: fln» chance for-
th* risht man. Address N. A. LARSEN,
1715 Pacific ave.. Alanr-da. '¦¦ ¦. ¦
SECOND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
wood an3 iron working machinery. ¦ bought,
sold and rented. H.S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale.
TRY our men's shoes at $t and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay expre»a
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bldg: : catalog free.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. iy5-197 Fremont St.-
I FOR paTe-^r-Stoc-k of hardware and "Welabach
' supplies. 305 Castro st. - «¦
I FOR sale — Fine steam automobile,. !n perfect
order. 520 Lyon st. .
A FINE 4^ -carat perfect white diamond at a
barcain. 1<* Sixth st. • ' • .- .
i LARGEST runts; beat hen pigeons: cholc%
homers. Addres3 2C41 Linden St., Oakland.
A JULES JL'RGEN.SEX 5-mlnut« lepeattnj
watch; very reasonable. 10 Sixth st. . .'
ONE second-hand whitewashing rn-ichln* at
ROBERT'S. Kilo Market st. . :
PAIR 3-karat diamond earrings at a bargain.-
10 Sixth st. "
¦MOVING pictures, magic lanterns. Mi!e. rental";
bargains. Pul!r»r.!..t Breck. 131 "Pest st,
MII.ES of nlr*"' and fitting: air «izes. EU-
GENE RILET & SONS. lf>t» Va'lejo st,
MOVING picture film and sons slitl«*. ¦ 109
Montgumery st. . '. ¦ •• ••-.-'•
SAFES— New and aeccnd-hand. E...B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. " .....
All bargains :camr> stnola and chairs. hammocks,
metal beds.mattressea.J.F'. HotteriTU Mission.
Edison phonozrapha. records, supplies, mot in<
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl, 9.33 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobile* and. launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 40. Fremont st. ". •
SAFES— New anrt second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4-j:: Sacramento- ft.
ASK for prices «n second-hand typewriters: Ml
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Monts.v..
__ M'SCELLAXKOCS WAXTS.
WANTED — At the Central Theat-e. 7 white,
babtes and one colored baby, about !> month*
old for the production of "Wh6<«e ftaby- A.r«
YouT' Apply, with babies. «*t- stage, en-
trance, 10 o'clock Friday • morning, -Sep-
tember 5. ' • ' • ¦-'
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. : tcl. Jessie -2S31.
A RIG price paid for sealskins: »«na post*l r
25 Stockton st. : rihnne Bush 4S4: . - .
MOXEY TftJLOAy.-- . •
AA A— HERMAN MURPHY. : . . '"•
6O1'-Cttt-C<K Examiner building;
Quick settlements; no disappointment. -.
Save expenses by. dealing directljs.
Estates second mortsages. undivided inter-
rsts assignments of rents, property In .truat.
etc: legacies life estate and undivided, fn-
torefits in property purchased. ¦ .
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Nee.i Money ; . •
See HERMAN MUHPKY. '¦¦:¦¦ . ¦
HIGHLY respectable private' place to obtain-
liberal advances on diamonds.. Jewelry, . aj
lowest rates. . Baldwin Jewelry. BtDTV;' **•?.
Market st.: tel. Main ltHl. Branch. 13 Thlrfl.
MONEY loaned to sala'ipd' people, retail rner.'
chants, teamsters. t»»"-dins-hc«uses. without
security; easy payment*-. lari~it business in
4« principal citiea. Tolman. 5o3 Parrott bids."
I per cent on furniture or piari»;no remova':
no commission: no publicity; J25 up; quick.
• quiet, confidential. 2K Montgomery »t.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL, T.OAN OFFICE. 10S Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO K1O.COO.
\T cut rates on real estate, furniture or pianri:'
no commission. E W. LICK. IOO:; Mututl
Saw L"i«. bid.. TO8 Market; phone Main 816.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note
.THE TOUSLEY CO. 14a phelan Bid*. •
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, stiver,
diamonds, pearls and precioua stones bouzht
at W J. HEgTHAL'S. 11) Sixth st. .
MONEY leaned to salaried employes. G TV
MILLER, room ~j. fifth floor. Chronicle "bids".
ZZi> ON furniture & pianos; ?I5 up: no removal -
V. TREMAIN. room 81. « Eddy at., floor i.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry~2~MT~7pnf
J?2J?- _f;J^naterai j**n_Bank^B3a Kearny.
STA , R -. L 2* n C ?- of w y°*nln* Tc^TlnVmTyTV
salaried employes. ipiLMutualSav.Bk bid.
CASH loaned salaried people on note«~"irtt*7^i»
I .indors,:*. MORRELL/1o!> E*a\ninVi "wS •
HELP WAXTED MALE— Con.
7
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st., 520.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leidesdorff st
ASTORIA, near PORTLAND, OREGON.
Fee $1. Very cheap fare.
»ve are the only offlce that ships.
25 laborers $51 found.
2o rockmen $58 found.
Company work, no discount, year's Job.
CARPENTERS . CALAVERAS CO.
4 more carpenters, build large gold dredgers,
long job; fare $1 75; ship to-night; $82 50 fd.
FREE FARE..... NEAR CITY Fee $1.00
15 laborers, $2; 20 trackmen, $2 25 day.
FRUIT. PICKERS. FRUIT PICKERS.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY; FEE $1
-5 men to pick fruit, work in dry yards, etc.:
you 11 suit; $1 25 day and found; 10 houro
and overtime. FEE $1.
25 Italians, board yourself, half fare, long
job, as laborers, $2 day.
WILLITS UKIAH ROUTE FREE FARE
25 teamsters and laborers, $2 26 day; FEE $1.
BUTTE CO.; CHICO; HALF FARE; FEE H
50 teamsters, laborers and rockmen, $67 50 to
#75.
DIAMOND MATCH GO'S OWN WORK.
£""• Co -: R- R-: Chico; Half Fare; Fee $1.
00 laborers, trackmen, ballast, iron men and
splkers, $2 to $2 SO day; 20 woodchoppers for
locomotives use, $1 10 tier; no discount.
««* m . Iff*' all ° ver - *™ to $00: 300 muckers
and laborers. $60 to $75; 10 drillers. $75.
Kft . Steamer sails to CASPAR to-day.
00 teamsters, laborers, tunnelmen. $2 to $2 "5
day. FREE FARE. FEE $1.00.
"^"ANSi' HUMBOLDT CO.; FREE FARE.
-3 Italians, private railroad, woods, large
sawmill co., free fare, $35 found
MISCELLANEOUS.
•awv?™ 11 ' \*}* TerB - 'umber pliers, crosscut
sawyers, railimen and woods, for large saw-
rMVir" 1 »E8J£E&< HUMBOLDT. TUOL-
kiyou ooSSSaS SHASTA and SIS *
?Italians, clear land, ranch, fare paid, $1 75
day, board yourself; delicatessen clerk Arlz-
b?aci CR m^h I)a!d: bedmake r. city. M0 room;
blacksmith, country shop, $2 50 day.
COAL MINERS. OREGON. FREE F \RE
6 coal miners, $1 ton; big money here
2 men pitch hay. 10c fare. $1 50 day found-
Sa^T/ ° U fl tm ,' f , aTe repald ' *50 *ound° 3
'"Iff' 0 , und: cooks, waiters and dish-
wasnere. etc. Men. we have BOO other lobs
boards d - Ve »V,« e<3 - , Ca " ? nd read our bEllitS
JA anT r ?,^ n<1 .t hj ? n i? y man for institution. $30
and found; 4 laborers for mill and woods.
£!&.;?, board : and wife. $50 and
r-n h Hm { 0Und '' farm?r Rnd Wlf '- SI "aU
ranch $40 and found; farmer to care for
place $25 and found: assistant gtrdener $25
and found: gardener. (38 and found: man
about place. $30 and found; milker. $3.-, and
found; 2 boys for wholesale store. $6 to $7 50
week; boy for planing mill. $1 day: fruit 1
Picker, $1 2,. day and found; blacksmith S3
day: stableman for institution. ?25 and
found; miners, $3 day: laborers. $2 and $2 50
day; wood choppers. $1 50 cord; sheep ten-
ders. $o0 and found: ciuarrym'en, and many
• othebB. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
BUTLER and wife, $C5 and found; butler M5
and found; waiter, first-class country hotel
$30 and found; 2 boardins-house cocks, $46
and found: cook for Institution, $55 and
found; cook for resort. $55 to $00 and found:
2 kitchen men. country. ?2O and $30 and
found: dlRhwashers. pot washers and others.
J. F. CROSKTT & CO.. «rJS gacramento st.
WANTED— Waitor or butler and wife as maid
or cook for family in country. ?»J5 to $75-
but!e r . $45. sre party this forenoon. J. F
CROSETT & CO.. B2S Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S 317 Stockton St.— Gardener and
tend to horses. $3.".; gardener and do chores
private place. $2.V, 2 teamsters, private park'
51 a day; laborers, ssme place, $l a day;
bedmakers. kitchen hands, porters, etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2!rMontgomery. r. 12—
Fry cook. $50: waiters, country. ?30-
colored bell boy, $15; elevator boys, $20- bell
boys. $13.
"WANTED— Young man who is a first-class
fllk and dr*ss seeds salesman; ons willing
to go a short distance from the city. Apply
between St and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
WANTED — A flrtit-clas.? delivery bill- clerk.
Apply between U and 11 a. m. at. HALE
BROS/ <"
WANTED— Four or five bright boys, about 16
years old, living at home, with good refer-
ences, to enter a large wholesale house for
the purpose of learning the business; salary,
$15 per month to begin with. Reply by let-
ter in own handwriting, giving references.
Box 2490. Call office.
SALESMAN wanted to carry the Carlisle line
on Pacific Coast; samples for spring now
ready; line well known to coast trade. Ad-
dress at onco. with reference, CARLISLE
SHOE CO.. Carlisle., Pa.
MEN to lep.rn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. M0LER'
SYSTEM COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
TAILORS — Pants and vest maker wanted for
the country.- STEIN. SIMON & CO.. Mar-
• ket and Second sts.. San Francisco.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 4S$ Parrott building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pas-
express or mail chgs. 11 Third St.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — Boy for lav/ offlce. Apply this
morning at 8:30, 1005 Call bldg.
WANTED— Feeder: steady Job and good wages.
STUETZEL & CO.. ICO California, printers.
MAN to clean windows and woodwork by the
day or week. S37A Mission at. ¦.
BARBER shop for sale; .T chairs; steady; rent
$12. Inquire at Call office.
WANTED — Man to work In kitchen. 16 Mar-
ket «t.
WAITER wanted. 201 First St. <
WANTED — Walter at New Golden Gate Hotel,
164 Fourth st.
WANTED— Rouph carpenters and laborers.
Apply rcom 14, 26 Montgomery St., San
3 Francisco Construction Company.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 5t> pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — Clothing salesmen. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
WANTED — An honest, responsible man; steady
position; $100: security req. 55 3d, room 1.
COLORED bootblack wanted In barber shop:
wage-* paid. 1543 Devisadcro st.
FOR sale^ — Nice barber shop, cheap rent; price
$55. Box 2483 Call office.
WANTED — Man to wash dishes. 212 O'Far-
rell gt. ' ..-...¦-
COATMAKERS wanted: steady work; none but
flrat-clasa men need apply. 27 Geary st.
BOY wanted at 259 Stevenson at, between
Third and Fourth. :
3 LABORERS, pick and shovel; blacksmith for
--repair shop, nth ave. and N st. south.
; GOOD paying barber shop for. sale account of
k leaving city; very reasonable. 1541 Geary st.
* HELP WAJtTED^ MALE Con.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st. , Phone Main 5S1S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WE GAVE 1008 WE'LL GIVE
45,009 MEN WORK. 60.C00 MEN WORK.
TO-DAT WE SHIP FREE TO
NEVADA. ARIZONA.
OREGON, LOS ANGELES.
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. WILLITS. UKIAH.
AND ALL POINTS. S. P. and Santa Fe.
NORTH. EAST and SOUTH.
RAILROAD HELP of every description, in-
. eluding drillers, hammer and corner men.
muckers, laborers, .teamsters blacksmiths,
cooks and waiters $5, $4 $3 $2 day
MURRAY & READY. * KH-tttB Clay St.
COME. ¦ ~
365 laborers, teamsters, city and country
jobs. $2. $1! &0 and $3 day. All classes of
work. Come, see
155 Italians. &.' 25 day.
You board yourselves." Steady Jobs.
28. laborers, free fare. U miles away *43
and found.
155 coal miners, free fare $3 to $3 day
165 laborers, teamsters. Willlts. Ukiah "fr»«
fare. $67 60.
Do You Know — Free Fare
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work, on all divisions, laborers extra gangs,
also section bands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY
156 teamsters and ax men $75
197 laborers and drillers. $75.
155 track layers, ballast track. $67 50.
Cost you only $1; no discount; steady lob
MINES, QUARF.IE3. TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll tuit, $60, $75. found.
96 miners and timbermen. $9O found.
186 quarrymen. also drillers. $82 to $90.
86 carmen, furnace men. $75.
STABLES. FARMS, DAIRIES, HARVEST.
106 farm, orchards, vineyard hands, $30 to
$45 found.
38 milkers, butter-makers, $30, $35, $40 found.
150 harvest, hands, hay balers, $2 30. $3 day.
68 choremen, coachmen, gardeners, $30 to $50
and found.
1« stablemen, city and country, $30 to $45 fd.
86 men for brick yards, $35 to $S0 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mints,
mills, $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAT & READY.
. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
S6 lumber trusts and syndicates.
Located in Four Btateg.
Managers here. - Two Territories.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
09o laborers, no experience wanted. $35 to $70
and found.
1SS experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found
383 woodchoppers. $40 to $150 found.
¦•6«6 tiemakers shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
£i£.K~, MURRAY & READY.
TRLSTS 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS — BIG PAY. ~~
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS
-•(> cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc., $70, $60. $50, $40, $30 found;
very few men to cook for: no women there.
4 cooks for different mines, $70. $65, $50, $40
found.
«c.?^'to h $4 e o l9 fou r rd taurant - «•"¦• ialooni -
WAITERS.
*vS?w' £*&%£?"- lncludlns ctfef -
CIty and country
9 porters and bedmakers city and country
positions. $45 to 520 found
?£ii1 !sh ?' as £ e Ji."' etc " clty and * n P ar *» of
California. $40 to $25 found.
13 boys to learn trades and work in factor-
ies, $6 to $12 week.
C S2?\> NEVAI>A - $50: FARE PA ID. .
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
EXCEPTIONAL, GOOD MINE.
15 laborers, no experience wanted, $67 50.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
ITALIANS— FREE FARE— ITALIANS.
36 laborers, Humboldt Co., Lumber Co.; man-
ager at our office; $35 to $50 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS. '
4 carpenters for vineyard and wine co.. $40
and found.
4 carpenters, lumber co. ; fare $3; $75 found.
4 carpenters: all same work; 50c fare; plain
work; $3 to $3 50.
25 carpenters; big R. R. job; $90.
CARPENTERS AND HELPERS: FARE $3.
12 carpenters, plain work. $90.
15 laborers to help them and do other work.
$«7 50; steady, good Jobs for Americans.
WATER. ELECTRIC POWER SYNDICATE
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ARE YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
OR TO-MORROW? 295 men wanted; any-
body can do the work; a man or a boy who
can eat fruit can pick fruit.
$1 FEE. |1 Fare.
FRUIT $30 found. FRUIT
PICKING $30 found. PICKING
TO-DAY — $30 found. TO-DAY
Some to work about packing and dry houses;
you can have a good vacation. Go, come
back wUh $00 to $120. We ship NORTH-
EAST. SOUTH; also many to the great
wineries.
MURRAY & READT. 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL, BY TELEGRAPH
MIDNIGHT BY PHONE & LETTER
16 ranch teamsters, different Jobs. $32 to $40
and found.
Second alaughter-house butcher, ranch. $50
found.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY— FARE PAID.
30 laborers, first-class lumber company $60.
ARIZONA— TO-NIGHT
EUREKA — HtMBOLDT — FARE PAID.
32 laborers, biff, good Lumber Co., $6O to $75
SONOMA COUNTY.
26 laborers, fare paid, big Lumber Co. $30
to $S0 found.
EL DORADO COUNTY— FARE PAID.
16 more laborers, big Lumber Trust. $42 fd.
RESERVOIR WORK.
25 laborers and toamstcrs. fare $1 50; ?67 50.
FREE FARE.
.".1 carpenters, all plain work, only few tools,
500.
in laborers or carpenter's helpers, no tools, j
t'M track men, new work. $«7 50. .
2 tank coopers, winery. $.1 50 day.
5 youns men distribute bills. $1 25. 51 SO day j
Waiter and help tend bar fare $1 ,V> $.V> fd ¦
Best Places At MURRAY & READY'S '
Bc?t Wages At li.Tl-KJG Clay st. '
TRY our men's sho?s, union made, at $1 and
$t 50 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 5O. or j
orthopedic shoes. $-i SO: best shofs on earth. 11 !
Third St.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market, j
WANTED— For the U. S=. Marine Corps, able- j
bodied, unmarried men. between Ul and .'15:
Kood character; must speak, read and write!
English; marinos serve at sea on men-of-war I
in all parts of the world, on land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In th»
T'nited States. Apply at recruiting offlce. »O ,
I'llis st.. San Fran<-isco. Cal.: 222',, N. Main
St.. Los Angeles, Cal., and 401 K st., Sacra-
mento, Cal. j
WANTED — An Eastern couple for fruit ranch, j
man general work, woman to cook: flrst-cla3s !
place for first-class couple, give full partic- {
tilara when answering this. K. VAN EVERY.
Eden Vale. CaL
YOUNG man, quick and accurate, as entry
clerk and assistant bcokkp?r>er in a whole-
sale house; advancement for one* with abil-
ity and willing: small wages to bejin: give
age. ref. and experience. Box 4134. Call.
"WANTED — Educated youns man to learn our
business and take responsible position when
qualified; $'J«0 per year; first-class references
required. Stoddard Lectures, 210 Examiner
building.
RELIABLE fry cook for large city restaurant;
steady position: good pay; no fee. Apply 9
a. m. to 12 in.. Restaurant Keepers' Asoocla-
tlon, 6 Eddy sjt.. room 46.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
- added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night!
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS &
CO.. 2A Sutter St.
STEADY, active boy for wholesale house: state
age end experience. Box 24.18, Call offlce.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition In S F
Barber School, 741A Howard si
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullis. room 40, Phelan
b!dg. PasM.'om.J3eo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar".
ket— 7CO rooms. 35c night: reading rooms-
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1000
Valencia street.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half i
price. •*>{ Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d »ts.
GET your shoes half soled while waitin-- "3c !
to 5'>c. 56:; Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d* sts. i
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
DARK bay gelding, black points (pacer) 7
years old. 10-1 hand* high, fast and gentle-
sire. Prince Nutwood; dam. Bell wood.
Eclipse Stable. 1375 Eddy st-
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
.wagons, buggies and harness must be «oid at
sacrifice. Coiner 15th and Valencia sts.
FOR sale— Interest In largest, best located
stable, in city. Apply SCOTT & SJAGNER.
hay merchants, U15 Sixth st.
FOR sale — Doctor'* Stanhope phaeton: aa good
as new. At ROBERTS' . 1615 Market st.
$ GOOD hor»e» for sale ch»ao. W7 Sixth nt.
HORSES, wagons, carts and harness: also all
kinds of dcg3 cheap. 75 City Hall ave.
Al EXPRESS waeon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
If tha home, folks you'd bless with a new lease of life,
To the, seashore away with the babies and wife,
Where the children can dig in the sand all day lonjr,
Being tanned by the sun. getting sturdy and strong:
Or send them to the woods, or look up some nice farm, \
Where there's much to amuse and there's nothing to harm,
And to find such a place a Call Want Ad. will aid—
You will say this Is true when a trial is made.DOMESTIC PORTS. •
ABERDEEN— Sailed Wtt 2— Schr James H**
Bruce, for San Francisco; stmr. Coronado, for
San Pedro.'
Arrived Sept '2— Stmr Centralia, hence Au
gust TX '
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Sept Z— Danish .
bark Lord Templetown, from Port OunM*, tor
Cape Town. . S&KE*9K±iafli
SAILED.
Wednesday, September 2..
Stmr South Bay. Jamleson. Eureka, •
Xate Shipping Intelligeac*: '
ARRIVED. f.^Cri;
Wednesday, . September. 2.
Tug Sea Rover, Thompson. 33 hoifr» # from
Bktn* Fremont. Kelton, 16 days from Bering
Sea
Schr Mabel Gale. Hellqulst. 7 day* from As
°Schr Ivy, Jensen. 4 days from Coca Bay:
Abraham Aronson and Louis Metzger to
Charles and Rosalie Raulet, lot on NE corner
of Sutter and Gough streets, E 70 by N 120:
$10.
Mary Toland (Dougherty) to Valentin and
Marie Luba, lot on W line of Octavia street,
36 S of Ivy avenue, W 80 by S 25; $10.
James and Delia Coghlan to Hugh and Mar
garet Magorty, lot on S line of Oak street,
112:G E of Buchanan,- E 25 by 8 120; $10.
Rosa Patek to Milton S. Eisner, lot on 8
line of Sutter street, 65 E of Fillmore, E 28
by S 55; $10.
- - Julia M. Carroll to Isaac Ellaser, lot on B
line of Oak street, 183 W of Baker. W 25 by
S 137:6; $10.- - I -
Lawrence and Rose Deely to Patrick J. and
Sarah A. McGlynn,vlot on N line of Califor
nia street, 25 W of Lyon. W 25 by N 80; J4000.
Gerhard F. or George F. and Jennie M.
Terschuren to Anna C. Schoning, lot on E line
of Spruce street, 100:2& N of Clay, N 27:tf
by E 107:6; $10.
Estate of Katharena Mayer or Catherine
Tuchten (insane), by Leopoldlne Mayer (guard
ian) to Fred E. Higglns, lot on N line of Mc-
Allister street, 150:0 W. of Parker avenue, \V
25. N 95:6, NE 25, S 96:4; $2000.
Edmund Mayer to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $10. \
James and Lorena M. de la Montanya to
Daniel Gallagher Teaming, Mercantile and
Realty Company, lot on W line of Folsom
street. 100 NE of Thirteenth, W 138, NE 135,
£E 133. SW 82:0; $10.
'Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to John
Sullivan, lot on W line of Mission street, 163:8
S of Thirteenth. S 50 by W 100; $7400.
Same to Annie Kgan (wife of R. J.). lot on
W line of Sanchez Btreet, 57 S of Nineteenth,
S 57 byW 105; $500.
Thomas C. Droit to Addle M. Drolt. lot on
Wline of Hartford street. 104:6 N. of Twen
tieth N 22 by-W 125; gift.
Mary Conway to Cornelius Daly, lot on S line
of Twenty-third street. 25 E ot Columbia
(Florida). E 25 -by S-104; $10. - /
Elizabeth A. Knowles to Fannie M. Knowles,
lot on N line of Twenty- third street, 152:0 E
of Noe, E 50:11 by N 114; gift.'.
Monarch Mutual Building and Loan Asso
ciation, to Henry Pclz,' lot on E line of - Dia
mond street. 39 N of ; Jersey. N 25 by E gff ;
$10 __ " '. -
Gaetano and Lulgia Campodonlco to Frank
Demartlni.'lot on N line of Vallejo street. 160:6
W of Powell. W 45:0 by ,N 137:6; $10.
John P. Cresalia to Susan M. Blumenberg,
lot on S line of. California street. 137:6 E of
Hyde. E 27:6 by S f37:6; $10.
Henry Strathmann to Gerd Rchomaker. lot
on NW line of Guy place, 175 SW of First
Btreet, SW 25 -by NW 70; $10.
Henry F. Teschemacher to Shiels Estate
Company, "lot on SE line of Mission street.
275 SW of Third. SW 275 by SE 100; $220,000.
Albert and Emma L. Knowles to Eugene J.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Weimer and Klisg; JIcFarland cad •O'Nell:
PITTSBURXJ. Sent. 2. — Pfttsburu w'on^ the
game In the first inning: with fiyo hits. ' At
tendance. 3300. Score: '. " • ' • ' '
' ' • . H." ¦"«,, JO.
Pittsburg „.„¦...... «.. 10 ' i
Cincinnati :... '. .'.;... I "7.. 3
Phllllppi and Pfceips; Haha and P«lts. .*
reaubdivislon ' of .... lot 49. Berkeley prop»*tj.'
Berkeley; $10. . -' . "• - .; ¦
Josephine F. Erujqlere (by William . H.
Harnden, attorney) to ¦ George D.' Hutchison,
lot on SE line of Pomona avenue,' 79 SW "of
Washington street, SE 125 by SW 78, portion
of lot 1, block 10. mao of subdivisions' of NB
portion of Sather Tract, Fruttvale, Brooklyn
Township; $10. " - . ; • v
Georse D. and Ella V. Hutchison fwifs) to
A. T. Hay. lot on SB Una of Pomona av-nue,
79 SW of Washington street. SB 123 by SW 38.
portion of lot 1, block 10,- earns map. Brooklyn
Township; $10. . • . "'• : " • .*•
Kate Lynn (single) to John Williams,, lot
31, block H. mao of subdivision of block. H.
Prospect Hill Tract. Brooklyn • Township: $10.
Matthew O.. Sarah. Marshall O..- Jpaeph -H."
and John W. Stone to Hannah* Stone, iot -on
8E line of High street. 143:9 NE of Brljgs
avenue. NE 60 by SE 150. portion lots 1-and
2. map Of High street. Brigg» Tract, AUme^a:
also all Interest In perpetual right of way far
sewer granted by Thomas H. Davis,. 322 D.. 478.
quitclaim deed; $10. .-¦ . • • ,
Ange Clark (widow) to Arthur CT. Nason:
lot on N line of San Antonio aveau». 200 E
of Chestnut street, E 50 by N .190»- portion of
W half of block G, laoda -adjoining to Enetnal.
Alameda; $10. • • . •
Henry W. or Henry William Gutte to Annie
C Gutte. lot on Nff corner of San Jo»» k.T«nu«
and Lafayette street. "W 88 by N 130. Alameda;
S10. • •
D. B. and Alice P. Hampton to Herbert L.
Breed, lot 20. block R, Alplna Tract, •Oakland:
j'oBn Tucker to Henry H. Slayer*, lot on S
line of Weston avenue. 75. E of Ruby, E 23 by
8 10O, lot 5. map Oakland Railroad Homestead.
Oakland: $10. . ."
Francis S. and Annie' If. Pennon, John J.
and Annie A. Kennedy to Christopher A. Mul
vev lot on 9 line of Seventh street. 73. E of
Jefferson. E 75 by S 100. -lots 9 to 11; block
es Kellersbargcr's man Oakland; $1». •• :
A J and Sophie M. Snyder to Dale; O* and
Alice E. Dobson. lot on W line of OroTe stre«t.
Rl-10% S of Twentieth. S 51^10% by. W- 100;
block 293 Boardman's map. Oakland: $10. .
Kealty Syndicate i corporationr ta VlVlan 5 P.
Vandcrcook. lot on NW line of Twenty-fourth
avenue ISO SW of East Twenty-seventh, SW
BO by NW 120, lot 15. block •*, man- No. 3.
Blasdel Tract. East Oakland Heights. Brooklyn
T ° S 'me l to Same; lot, 8 and"9. block.4. sitme
map Brooklyn Township: $10. . -.*•*¦¦¦¦
Ttarriet wf Clark (widow) to E.. Richardson,
lot onS line of Bristol street 100 E of Grant
£ 100 bv S 123 lots 33 and 34. map ranges of
tou^ and fl Hardy Tract. Berkeley; $101
Vana Rornenbur* to August A. Dornenbora;
I husband* undivided one-half Interest 4n lot on
Eltnt of Tenth street 195 N ofVlll^ avinue.
v 100 by N B0, lot 6. blockJL revised map San
?at$ avenue VlMa Tract. Oakland;, NO."
Reidy and Jacklitjch; Thomson and Warner.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 2.— Eostoo- and.
Philadelphia split eren to-day In ¦*¦ double
header. Both games were cloae, the "visj tors -
winning the first in the ninth by "bunching
hits. Attendance, 2300. .Score:' '. : .
First Bams— R.. H. BL
Boston *..«.....,;.>... 3 '¦ $ 0
Philadelphia '.....: 1. -5 .2
Pit tinker and Moran; - Mitchell and Dfoln. **
Sacond nae— v • . R..- u j^
IV»ston ...... • ...... .'..«...•.'. 2' -8 ." 1
Philadelphia ......... .^... ....... •«"." y. -\i
Malarkey and Itforan; Fraser and Koth. - .. .
CHICAGO, Sept. 2.— Except for » wild pitch
In the ninth Inning, that tared St.' Louis
from a shut out. the play of tfte- local j- out-:
classed that of the visitors In all' departments
of the game. Attendance, 6300. 8cor.e: ':. .
iii' -" "¦ . »- "a. -.'£:
Chicago M .. M . ...«....>... fi '10' oi
St. Louis 1: • 5; .• 5
NATIONAI. I^AOtTB. \* •. .
NEW TORK. 8»Dt;" 4.— rBr^okiyn dsfe^tedl -.
the local Nationals' la tha first game of ths '
inter-boron gh series at the poll grounds to
day. Reidy pitched a' clever game for -tAe'-i
visitors, holding the home team safefy • until
the ninth, Inn In*. Attendance. 4473. Scor«J:
Brooklyn ............. .*........... 4 8* \
New York ...... ...... .1 , -ff ,. 3 •'
Anderson and Slattery; .Powell sad- Snyxier. ¦
WASHINGTON. Sept. 2.— Nott '.York' tpoi ••
kindly to both of WashlDfton'i (KcHers and *•
won to-day" ¦ gume -without apcarent effect. .
Attendance. 1200. ; Score:-' :-• .* " . • ' •
_ •::..•!».¦& h.-:
Washington ....>..' 3 ? . o
New York .i..;...iAl & '. 1 *
Lee, Townsend and Drill: CaJesbro and if a- •
Cauley. . .. . •. . ¦.•••.•..,
Donovan and Bualow; Donahuo- and. Abbott.*.' -
CHICAGO. Sent- 2.— The nco.rai which. en>"'
a bled the locals to defeat St. Lotfis to-^ajr. were '•
the result of home runs clad« 6>c Greeii and.' .
TannehlU. Four hits were 'all that ¦ th» -vl»- '.
ltora *oulil gather off Pat'tecsoa's' delly«rr. * *
Score: . • . . .¦:¦••'
~. • :li - *•• «»
Chicago ......... .......4. ....;. 2 ' 7 1
St. Louis ..,..,...•...•., 1' ."4" ..*0
Detroit ......... ..... .»...«.... 4- .7*. : 0 •
Cleveland .. — ..............»;,.... 2 ..4 . '2.':
Chesbro Pitches Good Ball aaH t&» ?
New Yorkers Bo Heavy .• - ;> * ';
Batting.. * . ./-.•' •'
AMERICAN LEAGUE. ;..•';
DETROIT. S«pt. 2 ; — The locals -won to-day* r • *»
»m» by team hittlngr In th» fourth lnnlAff,
when, a double and three singles scored- enough. .*
runs to win. Donovan- pitched' great .ball,*
striking out ten. Attendance;. 2867. Scon: • : •
DONOVAN STRIKES OUT .. '. \\
TEN MEN A.T. DETROIT .' *
NEW YORK. Sept. 1»-The fourth a^ '
tempt to sail what was expected to be the.
concluding race between the Reliance and
Shamrock III failed miserably "to?day.-
The yachts were not even seat across the
line. Both boats ¦were towed out to. the.
Sandy Hook Lightship in a dense fog and
fiat calm at 10:30 a. m. and then waited
two hours In the hope of a.' wind " from
some other direction than the east to '
blow away the fog and give them spefed
enough to cover' thirty. miles within five
and a half hours. The accompanying fleet
| was reduced to- Just twenty- three traft.
Besides the New York Yacht Club's -tag.
the revenue cutters and, the newspaper
fleet, there- was only one excursion
steamer and a few yachts. * .'¦'
Sir Thomas Upton to-day emphatically
denied persistent rumors that, he 'had
made these two assertions: ' ."* • "
First— That if there was any chance* fpr
i the Shamrock III to win he would depose.
Captain "Wringe and put | the yacht in
command of Mate Bemia. . ' ¦ ¦ •
I Second — That the Shamrock, was" ftrand
too long after her speed trials > and '-In •
gearing her up to the proper measure^
menta she had been stopped so- mirth. "a,j
to loso her speed. . . . •
Sir Thomas declared that he had. per
fect faith in his designer, his captain' and
his crew. All had dose and were itill •
doing their best. • . •¦ * , . . . "
Carl Lutz (widower) to Alvlna Hasseltusch
(wife J. E.), lot on S line of Harmon street.
153.97 W of Baker. W 10O by S 140, lots 17
and 18, block 5, Herzog Tract, Golden Gate,
Berkeley; $10.
Charles E. Thomas to Flora M. Thomas
(widow), lot 91, Regent-street Homestead,
Berkeley: $100. •
Fred H. and Florence P. Bearer to Lillian
R. Hudson, lot on S line of Bancroft way.. 150
E of. Dana street, E SO by 8 130. lot 1, block
4, Beaver Tract. Berkeley; $10.
• Georgine C. Chandler to Frances A Weldler.
lot beginning at a point on S line of lot 35 at
intersection with dividing line of lota 36 and
37. thence along S line of lot 35, W 1 by S
80, portion of lot 37, map of Benton property.
Alameda County.
Jules A. and Mary Harder (owners) with
Denke Bros, (contractors and architects) — AU
work on a three-story frame building (flats) on
W line of Shotwell street, 35 N of Twenty-first
street, SO by 120 (known as No. C2S ShotwellJ
$8300.
Lewln & Co. (owners) with Joseph 'A Mc-
Laughlln (contractor), architect B. J s Ca
hlll — Brick work for a two-story and base
ment brick building on the NW" corner of Mar
ket street. 250 SW of Marshall Square, thence
50. NW 200. NE 50. SE 200; $7200..
Marie Mocker (owner) with Italney & Phillips
(contractors^ architects McDougall 2 Bros
Brick and/terra cotta work for adding one
stcfry to a four-story and basement brick build
ing now In course of erection on NW corner of
Market street. 175 SW of Marshall square SW
25 by NW 100; $1606. - * aw
, Same owner with Joseph Flood (contractor)
architect, same — Plumbing, etc, for same on
same; $1370.
Same owner with C. P. Moore (contractor)
architect lame — Ir&n, carpenter, plastering'
tiling, glazing, stairs and hardware for same
on same; $3842.
Same owner with J. R! Tobln (contractor),
architect same — Lathing and plastering for
same on same: 15873.
George F. and Frederika B. Krueger to Em
ma F. Berry (wife of Oustia S.), lot on W line
of Sixth avenue. 100 8 of California, S 20 by
W 120; $10.
Daniel E. and Rose C. Saunders .to J. "W.
"Wright & Sons Investment Company, lot on
SE line of London street. .123 SW of Brazil.
SW 25' by SE 100. block 12, Excel3lor Home
stead; $10.
John J. ilcEwen to Captain ila#rice Kras
zynski. lot on \V line of Butler street, 125 N
of Blalne N 25 by W 70. lot 445. gift map 1;
$10. •' -
Kdlth B. and Frederic R. King to Mary Boe
¦Well Jones (wife of Hugh B.). lot on B line of
Willard street, 200.32 S of Sullivan (Parnas
sus) S 25.04. E 81.67, N 25. W 80.24. lot 11,
block D, Sunset Heights; |10.
Hugh B. Jones to same, came; gift.
Margaret M. McLaughlln to M. Maude Mc-
Laughlln. lot 14, block £27. O'N. and H.
Tract; grift.
Builders' Contracts,
"William H. Wolf (owner) with James A.
McCulIough (contractor and architect) — All
work for a two-story basement and attic frame
building on NE corner of Greenwich and Leav
en worth streets. N 137:6 by E 137:6; $15, COO.
Mrs. P. Schenkel (owner) with Robert Trost
(contractor), architect, J. C. Flugger — All work
except gas fixtures, mantels and shades for a
two-story frame bulldlr.tr (flats) on W line ot
Central avenue, or Lot 110 N of Golden Gate
avenue, N 27:6 by W 137 :C; ?Si77.
Berwln. Gassner Company (owners) with - C.
W. Duffle (contractor), architect, A. J. Bar
nett — Alterations to second floor In building E
line of Kearny street, between P#st and Sut
ter. No. 110 Kearny street; $1047.
Henry Sahleln (owner) with Thomas Butcher
(contractor), architect, J. E. Krafft — Masonry
work, together with terra cotta. granite work,
etc., for a seven-story and • basement brick
building on-SW corner of Bush and Polk
streets, S 30 oy "W 70:9; $19,600.
Same owner with C. Chisholm St Bon (con
tractors), architect same — Carpenter work, etc.,
for same on same; $19,000.
Same owner with James E. Britt (con
tractor), architect same — Sewering, plumbing
and gas fitting fot same on same; $76&7.
The order of modification of Judge Ker
rigan is drafted after the one issued by
Judge Murasky and simply eliminates cer
tain words so as to broaden the prohibi
tive measure to the end of the Union
Pacific line at Omaha and to include the
Rio Grande system's lines, practically es
tablishing an embargo on all brokerage
business with tickets this side of Omaha.
Daley, lot on S line of Eighteenth street 25
W of Utah. W 25 by S 100; 110.
It was mainly the question of jurisdic
tion—that Is. whether the State court
had authority to abridge the rights of
brokers to deal in tickets applying to rail
roads beyond the Jurisdiction of the State
— that prompted Judge Murasky to modify
his Injunction confining it to the lines
of the plaintiffs. Under its provisions the
brokers could buy and sell portions of
tickets over lines beyond the terminals of
the Southern Pacific, Union Pacific and
the Rio Grande system, and they pro
ceeded to do so, until Judge Kerrigan,
without previous notice to the defendants*
attorney, yesterday again changed the
order, which gives the railroad companies
the upper hand for a time, in that the
only portions of tickets that tke brokers
can now handle are those for transpor
tation over lines east of Omaha. Judge
Kerrigan's order caused considerable talk
among the brokers, who are now prepar
ing -to bitterly fight the railroad compa
nies through all the courts. It is claimed
that a recent decision handed down by
Justice Parker of the Supreme Court de
clares that the business of ticket broker
is a legitimate one, and that' the
man who buys a ticket from a
railroad company and permits another
man to use it is not injurine the com
pany and is not guilty of an act of fraud.
This contention is to be one of several
which the local brokers purpose to in
corporate in their flght against the South
ern Pacific Company when the latter, at
tempts to again enjoin them against the
selling of excursion or regular tickets.
"An order modifying an order modify
ing an injunction" Is the titla of a ruling
made yesterday by Judge Kerrigan In
the suit brought by the Southern Pacific,
Union Pacific, Denver and Rio Grande
and the Rio Grande Western Railroad
companies on August IS against the local
ticket brokers for an Injunction that
•would prohibit them from dealing In spe
cial excursion tickets during the Grand
Army Encampment. . .
In making his order yesterday Judge
Kerrigan apparently forgot a previous
ruling made by him and upset one. re
cently issued by Judge ilurasky In the
same cases. An injunction against Ticket
Brokers Adolph Ottinger, Charles Conk
lin, Duffln & Welsh and others was Issued
by Judge Muraaky. and later the plain
tiffs went Into court and by affidavit se
cured citations against Duffln & Welsh
to show cause why they should not be
adjudged in contempt for alleged viola
tions of the injunction. Upon the repre
sentations of their attorney, Samuel M.
Shortrldge, Judge Muraaky afterward
modified his Injunction, agreeing that it
was too broad and general. He there
fore eliminated certain sentences which
practically left the order applicable to
the lines of the plaintiffs instead of pro
hibiting the brokers from handling tick
ets of any description on any of the many
lines throughout the country.
The contempt case was to have come
up for a hearing some days later, but
on the date set Judge Murasky was ab
sent, and Judge Kerrigan, sitting In his
stead, announced that be would not bear
evidence or argument in any contested
case during the absence of Judge Mu
rasky, and set the railroad case down for
September 14. Apparently this disposed
of the matter until Judge Murasky was
ready to hear It, and naturally the de
fendants and Attorney Shortridge were
greatly surprised yesterday afternoon
when they were served with an order
from Judge Kerrigan's court modifying
the order Issued by Judge Murasky, in
which he had modified his own original
order of injunction.
•¦•••. • . .
One Excursion Steamer * and
a Few Smaller Graft -..
Compose Fleet. - • •
Modifies Associate's Order
and Gives Railroads
Upper Hand.
Yachts Are Not. Even
Sent Across Starts •
ing Line*.
Judge Kerrigan Changes
Murasky 's Ruling in
Scalper Case.
FOURTH ATTEMPT
FAILS UTTERLY
TICKET BROKERS
GIVEN SURPRISE
13
THE SAN FEAKCI5CU CALL, THURSDAY; SEPTEMBER .3, 1903.
¦ . . '¦ . MEDICAL.
SiltS, DR. \VVimi."si}ec!a"iist" for all female
jOOUSf&aiafkl instant »-*l!ef guaranteed; •» t>
yeacs' experience; removed to t£6 ro»t »t-
,_UB&£pHj KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
. {_•'.•¦ lrC"ti!e* and Imigrularitlt-*: last_nt'r»-
- lief c-jwranteed. 10f>;*4 Market st.. rpp. t.th.
YALI'EAirS reuial« pil'.f ; b*rt re«u!atlnsr pills
• koM; price Ji 50 l>y express, l'usteur s
ryrnyfe and tablet*; rrice X2 •'•». By expnsa
.»<r.)y ©_>>cvlpt of price, OGGOOD HROTH-
. ER8, whoKsale druggists. Seventh onJ
Uruedway, U—klsnd.
B7t~Gv \V. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in- trouble consult this specialist oa fen^kis
* censplalMf: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: tho mc.rt difficult rases treat-
«d: I-. =.-.-.. free. Office. 1018 Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. Ill* Market — Kel!at>!» ladies*
' cperlallvt: a jjrlvat* home before and durlns
cenfinernent; hett rr.ogipM «*ar<- : luw !•**•
'A r.-.atcrnlty villa: private; Bed taflsflf conlUen-
t-d. Dr. U. TTunke, 141<I Eighth *t.. Alameda.
VtC UQSn^' movtd to 2?i>3 I\>Uom et. cor.
26th; .relief *K»: ladle*' exclusive offlca.
Drj». r -Goodwin. Z-VS Turk. nr.Van Ness— Expert
. in cbi-tetrlc*. femaU cotr.p. :25 yr».exp«r1«-g«.'
_<H. and MRS UAYIKS a"J HINl'OO HKRB.S;
criglrsitrmthod ot tr»atir.ent._lIgC MarKgt * w
' 13H. NO TOT Ki:ii 319 Powell »t.. opposite
. ' t'r.Jrri fwruare- n!I «*!««-s*<-s n-r«-d by herbs.
M1L-I.NKKV*
-.Ledies' imported - tailored hats just In: call;
pries , v , w t0 start them rolnj: fraroei mad*
" to fit th. face. MM1C. TMiprH. 2'H V^st r\.
A— YOU vi'.l net b«Ti to !>ay Bor epeclal rale
advertising en theao Larpalxis. L prlifhts :
Coliard $:J7; Sherman & Hr**. fUJJ Hisher.
" £»• Sinter, ibsort new. $101; 2 Stelnways.
' pood condition, large and ?mall slra. $llO.
' S'~V Chiokei-irj* ***. f'W. 3 Heine, second-
hand. tUtt; SisW Tis.-J. ISM, *K<3; 1 Heine
baby entnJ $r.'3: Krd. slightly used, dark
_2o_5r. ?-"<- - New bawtai: Mason _
IjImlinnprUfnt. ?2<55; nehr Bros., mahogany.
?"1T- ronov.r. (SCO. Piano players slightly
• utel' frciu CM up. I'iar.cs rented. (2 up.
cttlr on purchase. Installments. $4 up.
<-asfi discount if paid-in tvro years. HEINE
1'IANO <^O.. 2;:j--^7 Oeary st.; largest «x-
clusira r.zr.o house cf the VTest; aK«its for
tiio- Gainer; grtU. Sicgor, Heine, Singer, etc
A SMALL walnut Emerscr. upright, absolutely
like ntr-x. £135. T'.l Geary gt.
'EIEIKWAT upright., left ly prlv*t» party.
i:c&: a rreat bargain. 237 Oeary st.
A' CHANCE to cet a good piano for a small
' sum and then exchange Xcr a better one by
' and by Is what we offer you.
Our payments are easy tr.d the quality of
' the instruments all rutht. Some, as low as
$50. T'liE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
TO Market «t.
THIS creelcyt opportunity ever offered in San
.Francisco to get a good reliable p'._no cheap,
before our removal we will sacrifice any in-
ttrumor.t for cash or Installments. Call or
write for prica and terras at oace. XCOIILEH
4c CIIA. a K. Established ibSO. 30 OTarrell.
' A FEW Dprlg-t barsalns trtaa |T0 up, corcpris-
. ir.g tuch rr.akes as Cticfcrrtny. Jacotsan,
Vcse. Sterling. Kn&be, Fischer. Schwechten.
PcYiurr.aa and others; «ary payments.
' TENJ. 'CURTAZ & SON, 16 OFarreil St.; no
brsnehes in San Francisco.
BAKD !tiFtrCTner.ts; F. Besson. Parts, maker.
Ous Maiwald Apt. Pac. Coast, 27S O'Farrell;
BkUlfd -repalri&fj 2d-hand lr.5trumer.ts soil.
T a J-.GAIN— Standard n:ake ujrrlgbt; good con-
<;:Uun. SCHMITZ & CO.. H. McAllister St.
Vr.redeemed storage plano» and furniture dirt
cheap. ¦•vCteitt.head's Ftorare. 1636 Market.
CZAVTVFVL 3-i.eda! fteinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keefte's.C^S O'Farrell.
LTT d.rect from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HORXUKG, 21t McAiliFter st.
BEST rer.tir.g piano Sn city for f3 per month.
ECOTT-CURTAT. PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes St.
EOBM_— t, Byron Mavizy p'.ancp. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. UOS-312 Pest st.
'. rKP.IOK viains. cithers, old and new. uT
MT'LI.KR. tnafcer. rer<alrer. 2 Latham place.
PERSONALS.
A — FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Vrinkiet, fellow and flabby gkla, birthmarks,
i: — .;- i. pitting: end Ecars Ecie&tllically re-
Xr.cved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicines: cpeci&l demonstrations thfa week.
Call or write DK. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
EPECIAL. — Reduced for the month only, home
treatment that you can use at your own
hene. removing wrinkles, tan, freckles, leav-
lr.g ekin cltar and smooth; to be had only at
rny cJree. Call cr write U. ELLA HARRIS.
Tfcl OFfcrrell tt.
itiJZ £tar Hair Remedy restores sray hair. Im-
prove* Us fn»:h;ti;-f* falling ;cures dandruSC
end Itchlr.s ecalp; no Et_ln or stickiness;
clear.ee* sculp ;at druggists', hairdressers' -.ac-
cept co substitute. Etax Remed>-Co..3b5Geary.
NOT hew cheap, but how good, it the motto of
the n:anufacrurers of the Rapid Rotary
£iacda.rd, tLe sewlng-ma ichine of to-day. J.
TV. EVASE. agent. 1021 Market St.
fHYEICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures^oer-
jnanently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy, i.'.l Grant ave.,
corner Sutter St.; fee moderats.
KaG carpets wove to order and fcr sale; alsa
chenille-wove rugs, 6i'.k portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowe»;
lates. Geo. Matthewe, 700 Fifth et., Oakland.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Eusday evenir.£E at Teutonia Hail, Howard
ft., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
end trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market et.
THE highest price paid for ladies' or gents'
ettt-eff clothing and all articles of value at
WEINBEKG'S. 114A Ellis st.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments; 50 cents
and vi> per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket Ft., between Seventh and Eirnth.
EAX FRANCISCO to N. T.. $30: this opportu-
nity will rt-main epen 2 dave. Box 2100. CaiL
BCli TYLER: Ttufi to me. I'll help you.
Wire rae your eddress. JOHN.
iIR£. RUllPLE will be pleased to meet old and
nrw fr;er.ds at her millinery parlors.221 Geary
ALL irtyle* hairdreE?ir.p. 2Sc; hair goods; maul-
curing. 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOK-MADE BUtt $7 &0; dress pacts $2 50.
Mlefit Clotting Parlor, cor. Bueh and I)upont.
tl'PERFLUOL'S hair and moles removed by
«lf-ctr.c needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traver5e.lJ70 Market
MASiil'EKADE cottumw, rlay books wigs
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restore* gray
hair to its natural color; fl; at all druggists'.
buperfiuouc hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Eutter.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to cr.y address in the
Un'.ted States cr Canada one year for |L
ytttt* paid.
PIAXOS A\D ORGANS.
TART of our list of bargains in eecond-haad
pianos for September. lii03:
Original
Price. Now.
2 BARNES & SOX—
Wainut cases, large sir*, colonial
fctyie. three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves.
eyual to nc-w ?350 S27B
1 B-OSBSOXi —
Wainut case, cabinet grand.'
carvi-d panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, in fine condition, slightly
usfd 450 273
1 F.MERSQX—
Flemish oak rase, cabinet grand.
very latest des«ln and finleh. nearly
new 450 a/jn
. 1 FOHMER—
Mahogany case, medium sire, full
Fwinping desk, 7 1-3 octaves, thor-
oughly renovated and equal to
new 600 223
- 1 WEBER—
• Rosewood oase, fancy carved,
.largest size, 7 1-3 octaves, in ex-
cellent condition 600 323
L BBADBUEvT—
Rosewood case, large flze, 7 1-3
• octave*, thoroughly renovated and
. «<juil to new 000 350
1 . HRADRCRT—
. lied oak case, cabinet grand,
7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly rciiova-
. ted aod c-qual to new 500 325
Crmplete list furnished en application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.J
Corner Koarr.y and Snttcr Fti».
PALjUSTIIV.
XML. DEVAS — Sciontlfic palmist and astrolo-
gr:st. Palm readincs $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
l.to i and Tuesday evenings. 133 Post et.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 213
Tav'.rr >t.. near Of-ary. Phone Black SCI.
• I'APEIHIAXCIXC. PAIXTISG. ETC.
ROOMS papered, f 3 BO up; tinting, painting.
liartmann Taint Co.. 319 3d Bt.;tel._Uin 413.
PUVblClAAS AKO SLIKiKOXS.
ER. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
. -1C21Hi Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventn.
tSLOUD. skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
L'R. HALL. lu73% Market st.
UKiiOVJZD— DR. WONG HIM, ' herb doctor:
treats *U diseases of the human body; fcr
p*et four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at C€7 Geary et.. near Leavenwortb.
DR. IOXC PO CHT. euecessor to Dr. Li Po
Tel. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
ty u»e ci herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONO TV OO. the famous herb doctor — AU <Hs-
**tes cared by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Cliy st.
! WE A^ J^ST^ATE7-CITY-— FOn SALE.
i SPECK & CO., 607 Market st~opp. Kearny,
Real Kstate Agents and Rent Collectors.
Full Charge Taken ot Property*
BATTERY-ST. INVESTMENT.
$103.000 — Battery Bt., one block from Markett
IQO'/eet front ace; want oficr: a rare
buy. c
11 PER CENT NET INVESTMENT. -
J150.COO— Modern sis-story brick bulldlniri
leased «11« t>« months assuming
mortgage $*5,C0t)i investment pays 11
per cent net; lot 60xl37:« feet; will
take part exchanffe; want offer.
DOWNTOWN BU8INEKS PROl'ERTT.
1140.000— Half block from Market end Mason
Bts. ; modern six-atory brick and iron
building; store. ICO rooms and bath;
rent S.mxj; leased with cash security;
lot 30x130.
BUTTER ST.
175,000— eS:0xl3T:«; opposite Hotel Plcasan-
ton; magnificent sito for hotel, apart-
ment-houee or office bulldicn; Butter
Bt. property close by has recently sold
at >1300 per front foot; make offer.
FOURTH ST. TftANEFER CORNER.
(CO, 000 — Business property; 70xlu« fact; etores
and rooms above; rays about T per
cent net
LAHKIN 8T. BUSINESS CORNER.
$53.000— Very best corner; 67:0 frontage; fin*
building, stores and lodglng-housej
always rented.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNEK.
$00.000— Annual rents $5172! beautiful modern
building; lot 87xS3; pays over 10 per
cent.
NORTHWEST CORNER.
$50,000—137:0x137:0; substantial improve-
ments: insured for f 'JO. 000: mortgage
$30,000 at 6H per cent can remain;
pays 8 per cent net.
SECOND-ST. CORNER.
$13,000— 1H blocks from Market st; 4T feet
front; cheapest downtown corner to be
had near Market st.; a chance to make
a turn at good advance.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$20,000 — Polk st.; stores and lodxlng-house;
lot 30x100 feet: rents $1K>; no better
buy for the money.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
$19.000— Store and flats; new building; lot
27:CxlC0; rents $ie4.
I $18,000— Vlcixfcy Halfht and Scott; C8:0x
' 137 :0: Sa« improvements; rents $140 a
month.
GOLDEN GATE PARK— FLATS.
$18.000— Lot £0x137:8; fine, substantial flats;
facing Golden Gato Park; rents ?180:
can be increased.
OCTAVIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
$17,500 — Choice location; 14 rooms and baths;
8 bedrooms; lot 89x137:0 foet
$18,500— Yearly rents $1770; 3 modern flats;
Post St.: 2 frontages.'
FILLMORE-ST. CORNER.
$15,000 — Coiner Fillmore and Lombard sts.;
137:0x120 feet; S frontages; want offer;
Lombard st. bltumlnlzed from Van
Nc«s ave. to Presidio.
$7,000 — Three good fiats in Mission; rent $65
a month.
56.GOO— Three fine flats, vicinity Eighteenth
and Castro; rents $33 a month; lot
25x125.
$5,250 — Fifth and Clementina; fine front and
rear improvements; leased two years at
S6uO a. year.
$5.000— Four good flats in Mission; always
rented at $48 a month.
$5,500 — Washington St., near Soruce; 50x
127:S>4; worth $9000: want offer.
$2,650 — New cottage in Mission; 6 rooms and
bath; fine lot.
$1.400 — Corner lot, near Golden Gate Park;
j 25x100 feet.
SPECK & CO.,
I 667 Market st.
! S COTTAGES of 5 r. and b.. on 2Cth St., half
block of Castro-st. cars; foreclosure sale;
$100 down balance $20 per month: open
Sundays. P. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission.
NEAT cottage with modern Improvements;
terms same as paying rent. Apply owner,
lumber yard. S.E. corner Alabama and
Montcalm streets.
i FOR SALE — Cottage of 7 rooms, bath. 27
Ford st.. tet. 17th and lfith: lot 25x114.
i UEAL EfcTATK Country For Sale.
ANNOUNCEMENT— The Sacramento Valley
Land Company is now surveying the great
wheat farms, the estates of Dr. Glenn and
Senator John Bofrgs, on the Sacramento
River .at Princeton and .Jaclnto; big: canal
t ¦¦j;M:nsr; abundant irrigation water: prices
will be very low; beet opportunity for
hemereekers ever presented in California;
C0,O<X) acres in 20 to 40 home tracts; peerless
elfalfa. orange, peach, pear, prune, beet,
corn, potato, celery and asparagus land:
FcHment coll; abundant water; splendid
climate: absolutely certain crops. C. M.
WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market «t.
i A CHANCE FOR TOUR SAVINGS—
Pretty five-acre wooded villa sites between
depot at Redwood City and foothills of Ban
Mateo County; near Stanford; offered at one-
half real value; 5 acres. $1250 to $1375 each;
S125 down and ?25 35 monthly will buy one;
beet opportunity on peninsula, and that Is
the beat suburban property In California.
Don't let this go by. C. H. WOOSTER CO..
C4S Market Et.
GREAT BARGAIN— 680 acres wheat and
barley and vines; 3 miles from depot and
Rood town: last crop. $6000; price for 10
days. $7000; Colusa County. C. M. WOOS-
TER CO.. 648 Market et.
J 20-ACRE fruit ranch in Placer County; fine
climate; ideal home; rabbit-proof fence; good
four-horse barn; 3-room house; all planted
in bert variety fruit; 16 acres in actual bear-
ing; will sell cheap on account of owner's
; leaving country. Apply to WALTER 15. LO-
GAN. 111S Broadway. Oakland.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market et.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT TOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and ccnools; only $2&0; lot 75x125.
Nice 6-room cottage and bath,
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
Tel. Grand 1416. 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
BARGAIN — $1050; Alameda; a 4-room cottage
and bath; lot 27:6x175 feet; easy terms. 451
Linden ave.. Pah FranciFCo.
ALA31EDA HOUSES.
I FURNISHED 8-room house to responsible
party; no children;' references. 611 Market st.
BERKELEY. ADVERTISEMENTS
BE11KELEY HEAL ESTATE.
, A BIG SNAP. — —- ~
4-room cottage, bath, toilet, stationary tubs;
lot 60x230; fruit trees, berries; close to new
ferry line, school and stores; price $1S5O.
3! A. RI7DOLPH,
Open Sundays. Lorln.
A LOVELY HOME. '
New 6-room cottage, bath, patent toilet, sta-
tionary tubs; street work done; convenient
to etation and street cars; price $2000; terms,
$100 cash, balance came as rent.-
~O. A. RUDOLPH. .
Open Sundays. % ' . • Lorln.
* WILL THIS SUIT?
New 8-room house, with all modern Improve-
ments; close to station and street cars; price
$2250; $150 cash, balance same as rent.
a A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorln.
CHENEY & BERRY'S BARGAINS.
$2,250 — 6 rooms and bath; lot €0x120; street
work done; 1 block from College ave. and
Ftreet car line; warm belt and growing
district; possible discount for cash.
fl.500 — Acre of land; C minutes' walk from
North Berkeley Station; inside limits;
enap.
$350— Buys you an acre lot adjoining the
university grounds; • has good spring:
.grsde-d road to lot; 15 minutes' walk to
the university.
$500— Macadamized lot on Parker st., near
Grove.
CHENEY &. BERRY,
Po5tofflc<» block. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 aBOADWAY.
REAL ESTATE.
$200 CASH— Monthly pay^ne15~aTTow*^«it;
cottage, 4 rooms and bath; pantry, closets;
front and back veranda; rustic; barn; eood
well or water; chicken run and shed; Al
Boil; away from fogs and raw winds; close
to cars; Town Hall, school and church; nice
garden and flowers; cozy home; 2 lots, 64x
100; .all fenced in; In a fast growing settle-
ment, adjoining East Oakland; price all told
$900. Call r send for circular, 455 Seventh
et, opii. Broadway ptatlon, Oakland; car-
riage free. II. Z. JONES. land owner.
£AJvLj%\D^FUR.\ITlJIlE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the daTn?oT~barEa!rX!n^mTiP
ture. 11. Schellhaae, 11th st.,cor. etore.Ouklod
SPECIAL JfOTICES.
NOTICE] Is hereby given ¦ that the Transfer
Books for the transfer of stock of The Bank
of California will be closed September 15,
1003. af8 o'clock p. m., and will reopen on
. Friday, October S, 1603. By order of ths
Board' of 'Directors. -; ._'
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 8, 1003. ' _^
Ladies! Chichester'S English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable;: take no other. Send 4o
Stamps for particulars; "Relief for, Ladles,"
in letter by return mall Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phtlwdelphla. Pa.
. BPECIALISTa. V ~
CATARWirSEAFNEES and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; now method; 1 week's treat-
tntmt free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Butter ti.
BTOKAOIO AXP WARBHOUSBS
A— DMPOnitTM Storage * Van Oo.t furniture,
household (roods. stored, moved, shipped. T25-
781 Howard Bt., near Third; phone Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage St Moving Co.. of-
floe Poet and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dlBc. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 810
. Mission Bt ; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmora Bt. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKIN9 Von and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
Et.; tel. Main 1640. Shipping at cut rates.
ST t TTK1UK G AXD^ STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE: System School, Van Ness and
- Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS AWD SUPPLIES.
GREAT B ARQAIN S IN TYPE I WRmSRS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 03 S California; telephone Main 2«0.
A FEW good typewriters at |30 each; get par-
- tlculars. L. - M. ALEXANDER, 110* Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Wehwter Typewriter Inapec. Co.. 200 Banaoma.
DIVIDEND KpTICBg.
AMERICAN Can Company.— At a meeting of
• the Board of Directors of the American Can
Company, held September 1, 1003, a dividend
of two and one-half per cent was declared
upon tke preferred stock, payable «¦ Septem-
ber 30 to stockholders of record at the close
of business September 15w . The transfer
books will be closed aa to the preferred stock
from September 16 to September 30, both
days inclusive. Checks will - be mailed
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY, R. H isl
MON. Secretary.
DIVIDHND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
par«.v. Con. A dividend. No. 57. of fifty
centu (50c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able' at the office of the company, rooms
202, 5fr4, 206 Hayward building. San Fran-
• Cisco, on September 10, 1003. Transfer books
close Sept. 8 at noon. C. C Qulnn. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS!"'
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
. of San Francisco State of California.— Filed
August 25, 1903, ALBERT B. MAHONY
Clerk, by B- J. CASEY, Deputy Clerk; No!
28,160. Probate — In the matter of the estate
of ALICE SKAE, deceased. Notice for pub-
lication of time appointed for probate of will
C. C. P., Sec. 1303.— Notice is hereby given
that Tuesday, the 8th day of September
A. D. 1903. at 10 o'clock a, m. of that day!
and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
said court, at the City Hall, in the City and
County of San Franclaco, State of California
bave been appointed as the time and place
for proving the duly authenticated copy of
the .will and codicil of said ALICE SKAE,
deceased, and of the probate thereof and
for hearing the application of MERCAN-
TILE: TRUST COMPANY of San Francisco,
a corporation, for the Issuance to It of let-
ters testamentary thereon. [Sea!.] ALBERT
B. MAHONY. Clerk, by E. J. CASEY
Deputy Clerk. ' Dated, August 25, A. D. 1903.
MORRISON & COPE, attorneys for pe-
titioner.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yetterday: .
Louis T. Kenake, 37, Honolulu, and Mar-
garet M. Redmond, 21, city.*
Herman A. Brockowsky. 24, 542 W Bryant
Btreet, and Kathryn M. Cosgrove, 23, 542 &
Bryant Btreet.
Charles I*. Kuhn, 41, city, and Angelina
Gardella, 88, city.
Jean Berges, 1'8, 8021 Sacramento street, and
Felicie Laffaille, 24, 1004 Greenwich street. /
William Steath, 29, Cazadero, and Flora
Rubly, 23, Catadero.
James 1. Breanahan, 37, f>12 Xatorna street,
anil Mary Gaftney, 36, 642 Natotna street.
' Baruch Solomon, 31, 1109 McAllister etreet,
and Beckie Caro, 20, 862 McAllister street.
Francisco A; Ybe.rre, 23, 5 Gilbert street,
and Leonor Lopes, 18, 130 South Park.
Clayton T. Cunningham, 23, 729 Clement
etreet, and Rowena E. Clarke, 22, 1814 De--
¦vlsadero street.
Laurence A. Cantwell. 24, 300 Fifth etreet,
and Laurinda E. Phelps, 19, 40 Boyd street.
Goldie Sllvernail, 3tt, Baden, and Mary
Reudy, S5, Baden.
Julius Block.. 36, 1919 Fillmore street,- and
Grace Arentz. 22, 1164 Ellis street.
Emlle F. Cereghino, 21, 1305 Powell street,
and Delia Cas«inelli, 18, 613 Filbert street.
Thomas F. Roche, 21, 482 Page street, and
Susie E. Murphy, . 21. 525 Fulton street.
John R. Phelp6, 25, San Jose, and Eugenie
Veuve, 21, city.
John W. Schroeder, 3S, 655 Third street, and
Annie Ahrer.s. 25, 4JJ0 Minna street.
Alexander Marcellln-Gros. 62, Alameda, and
Eugenie V. Kustachy, 47, Alameda.
BIRTHS— MARRIA6ES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage. and. death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with tlie name and address of per-
bojis authorized to have. the same published.
BORN. '
FABRIZIO— In this city, August 30, 1003, to
the wife of Marlon Fabrlzlo, a daughter.
HARRIS — In this city, August 20, 1903, to the
wife of N. H. Harris, a daughter.
SISKRON— In this city, August 30, 1003. to
the wife of Charles A. Slskron, a son.
SUTTER— In this city, August 31, 1003 to
the wife of Theodore Sutter. a eon.f ¦
TAMKE — In this city. September 2, 1903 to
the wife of Daniel Tamke, a son. *
Albach, Jacob Moulton, Proctor
Ammann, Adolph Murray, David
Bayer,. Caroline F. . Nowlan, Mary A.
Callnon. 'Florence TV. Oke, Euglne
Cruz, Charles H. Phillips. Lucy F.
Ehlers. Richard A. J. Pike, Frederick
Feyock, Fritz C. Price, Ann
Hogan, Pierce C. Sanchez, Helen
Lathrop, Ellsha N. , Sloane, Bernard
Learned, John D. Stevenson. Wm. H.
McKay, George Strouse, Albert A.
Melslng, Elizabeth Weyarht, Jennie
AHLBACH — In this city, .September SY 1903,
Jacob Ahlbach, beloved husband of the late
Maria J. Ahlbach, father of Joseph Ahlbach,
Mrs. A. Parr, and William, Elizabeth and
Aioysius Ahlbach, and brother of William
and the late Peter Ahlbach, a native of
¦ Germany, aged 52 years 0 months and 15
days. A member of St. Peter's D. R. K.
Unterstutrungs Vereln. .
(QrFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Gunts Undortaklnjr Com-
pany. 1209 Mission streets, between Eighth
and Ninth, thence to St. Boniface's Church.
' Golden Gate avenue, near Jones street, where
a requiem, high mass will be celebrated for
, the repose of his soul, commencing at 0
o'clock. . Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
AMMANN— In this city. September 2, 1903,
Adolph Ammann, dearly beloved husband of
Wllhelmlna Ammann, and father of F. W.,
William and Adolph Ammann Jr., a native
of Bavaria, ¦ Germany, aged • CS years 10
. ¦ months and 29 days.
BAYER— In Oakland,- September 1, 1OO3, Caro-
• line F., beloved' wife of Christ Bayer, and
mother of Catharine, Christ and Walter
Bayer, a native of Denmark, aged 48 years
0 months and 21 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited 'to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at^ 2 o'clock, at her
late residence, 82U East Twenty-first street.
East, Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. »
CALLNON — In this city, September 2, 1903
Florence W., beloved wife of E. W. Callnon
mother of J. Wlnfree Callnon, and sister of
Mrs. N. E. Grey, Mrs. I. W. McMuIlen and
Mrs. P. H. Cunningham, a native of Chris-
tian County, Kentucky.
• cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, September 4, 1003, at- 1 o'clock, at
Howard-street M. E. Church. Howard street,
between Second and , Third. • Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by 2:30 o'clock train
f from Third and Townsend Btreets.
CRUZ— In thlB city, September 2, 1003, Charles
' H. Cruz, beloved son of the late Charles ana
Elizabeth Cruz, and brother of Joseph Cruz,
F. ' J.~ Monahan. President.'
MONAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission st. . Telephone Mission 31.
I: James McGinn. > ~- ¦ •¦ Henry Hansen, I
JAMES McGINN & CO.. I
. Formerly With McGinn Bros.. I
_— Funeral ¦Directors ¦ and Embalmers— — I
214 Eddy St.; Tel. South 070. I
HEAI. ESTATE CITY — FOR gALB.
A BARGAIN— ?4250J CORNER LOT, * FLATS;
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER BT. SEB
OWNER ON PREMISES.
f225O— MODERN 4-room- cottaee, "bath and
floored basement | large lot! cost $2850; must
bs sold at once. 60S Jersey et., one .block
west of Cantro; cwner on premises; terms.
FOR tain — House 8 rms.; high basement ("sunny
tide 10th. bet. Valencia and Mlsaloni no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co., Union-sq. Mkt.
LOTS north or south Cf park , purchased. W,
J. GUNN. 630 California St.
1'OIXT niCHMO5D ItEAL KSTATB.
WATHR frcnt lot* and bargains; all tracts)
maps, photos, eto. BELL. 417 Parrott bid*.
THE finest little ranch m the State; 9 acres, 6
planted; 7-room house And all Improvements;
will give a good trade for house end large
lot; city. 'Owner this wa«k at MOBSMAN'S,
8F/0 Market st. >¦ -
ItOOMS FOR UOUSiaiClgEFIXQ.^
DUSH, 2183— Two beds and small kitchen; gas
range; running water; separate entrance.
FIFTH, 2C2— Clean, plain housekeeping room;
gas range, porch; (7.
FOLSOM. 834— Bay-window room and kitchen;,
also twp Blngle rooms; closet; bath separate.
FURNISHED housekeeping rooms. Inquire 005
Buchanan st. • - ¦
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments ¦ for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nlBh«d. - 1BS0 Polk Bt. ______
HOWARD, 710 H— 3 housekeeping rooms, two
beds; respectable; no transient.
JACKSON. 15is^2~sunn7. nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms. |14. . '
MARKET, 781 — 4 large unfurnished sunny
rooms; rent reasonable. | ___
NINTH, 113 — One annny room; reasonable.
OAK, 117— Sunny furnished suites, $8 to $12;
gas range, hot bath, laundry, pnone; adults.
O'KARRELL, 274 — Two or throe housekeeping
rooms. ' .¦
O'FARRELL, 424 — Lower floor of three rooms;
completely furnished for housekeeping.
PIERCE, 422— Sunny furnished and unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— Furnish-
ed sunny suite with separate sunny kitchen;-
ras range; all complete for housekeeping;
$15 up J
STOCKTON, 1206— Housekeeping; front, newly
furnished; f5 to $12; phone, gas, bath; sunny.
LARGE basement with dance floor; suitable for
private dancing echool. 318 Van Ness ave.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1088
Valencia st
APARTMENTS TO LET.
"EL MONTEREY." the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north aide ot
Pin«s St., between Hyde and • Leaven worth : a
superb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
f 30 per month you can secure here an unfur-
nished 3-room apartment, consisting of large
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bsjy- window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in china
closet and hot and cold water; bathroom
with toilet and porcelain tub (hot and cold
' water); this price also includes Janitor ser-
vice nleht and day and night and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; see these apartments
tn-day.
ROOMS TO LET — Faro, and Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all 'night.
AT "The Almonte." 673 Market Bt. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c. 50c. $1. ?1 B0 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk st.— Strictly modem: 4-5
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for h«kpg.
BURNETT. 1426 Market — (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 4CS— Room for workingman, first floor;
outside entrance; ?5.
FIFTH, 2C2, corner Clementina — Nicely , fur-
nished large front room; gas, bath.
FOLSOM, 776V4 — Neatly furnished room suita-
ble for one or two; every convenience. •
GEARY, 102S — 2 single front rooms; sunny,
running water, phone; private family.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 5Oo
to $1 50 night: $2 to $3 week: reading-room.
HARRISON. 78SH— Furnished room, suitable
for two gentlemen; rent reasonable.
HOTEL GR AYSTONE
60 Geary st.: phone Bush SSO.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
HOWARD, 820 (The Planet) — Rooms, single
and en suite.
JESSIE, 617— Large furnished room for two
men or man and wife: no children.* ¦
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights: day. week.- mo.
ROYAL House/ 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, emoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; menth. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
BT. JAXIES. McAllister and Laguna — Front
eunny rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
Page 5751.
SUTTER, 035 — Nicely furnished room to rent.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st., near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week;- elevator; electric lights;
reading-room: free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St., near Market—
Most convenient - and. respectable; 700 rooms;
S5c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsercents and
eubscrlptlons has been established, at 1086
Valencia st. ,
ROOMS AND DOARD. ,
amoyT^thIe
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
tulte or single; billiards; steam heat.
BTEVEXSON Mansion. 807 California St.— At-
• tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates. '
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class;' sunny
euitea; single rooms; choice locality; ref.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United State* or Canada on« year for $1.
nOOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG business man desires room and board
in refined private family; state terms. Box
24S9, Call. ,
PROFOSALS.
PROPOSALS — Bids Wanted — Notice Is here*-
by given that sealed proposals will be re-
ceived by the board of directors of the Vet-
erans' Home of California, at its office room
13. 320 Sansome street. San Francisco up
"to 12 o'clock m. on MONDAY,' September 14
1903. for furnishing and delivering materials
and furnishings for the new hospital at the
Veterans' Home, "Napa County. Cal. (rail-
road station Yountville). Specifications for
above may be seen and examined at the of-
fice of the board- of directors between the
hours of 0 a. m. and 5 p. in. each week day.
Money for payment on contracts will be
available Immediately after January 1 . 1004
Preference will be given to goods manufac-
tured in this State,- price, fitness and qual-
ity being equal, under the provisions of sec-
tion 3247 of the Political Code. The board
reserves the right to reject any or all bids,
and to order any quantity over or under tho
amount specified. Address JOHN F. SHEE-
HAN. Secretary of the Board of Directors
of the • Veterans' Homo of California, room
13 320 Sansome street. San Francisco Cal.
By order of the board of directors. JOHN
F. SHEEHAN. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for public bulldlngi!. Office cou-
etructing quartermaster, U. S. A., 34 Keat-
ing block. San Diego, Cal.. Aug. . 5. 1803.
Bealed proposals. In triplicate, will be 're-
ceived here until 10 a. m., September 4, 1003
and then be opened for the construction'
plumbing, heating and electric wiring of two
double officers' quarters, one double N-C-O-
- quarters andMme coast artillery barrack at
B'ort Rosecrans, Cal. A guarantee required
to amount to 10 per cent of bid. Preference
will be given to articles of domestic produc-
tion, cost and quality considered, and to
articles of American production produced or
i manufactured on the Pacific Coast. Bidders
must state in their bids the time in which
they will complete work. Instructions to bid
ders furnished | at this office or at office of
chief quartermaster, Ean ¦ Francisco Cal
where plans and specifications can be seen'
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all bids, or any part thereof.
Envelopes containing proposals : should be In-
dorsed "-Proposals for Public Buildings Fort
Rosecrans, Cal." CAPT. R. H. ROLFE."Q. M.
a native of Ean Francisco, aged 43 Jreart
ll months and 12 days, i
EHLERS— la this city, September 1, 1003,
Richard A. J.. dearly • beloved husband of
Ernestine 1* 8. Ehlerfl,' father of Richard H.
Ar Ehlers. eon of Mr t and Mrs. H. Eggellng,
brother of August and Sophia Ehlers and
Mrs. Q. Moeller, and Bon-ln-lavr ot Mr. and
Mrs. H. Golsch, a native of Nevr Tork, aged
82 ! years and 15 - day*.
' ETFrlenas and acquaintanoes are re«p«ct-
fully invited to attend tne funeral services
Friday, September 4, "at 1 o'clock, at the
parlors of H. P. Buhr St Co.,, 1137 Mission
etreet, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
FEYOCK— In this city, August 31. 1903, Frlti
Conrad Feyock, beloved eon of Mrs. Phill-
phine Feycclt and the late Conrad Feyock,
and beloved brother of Mrs. C. Mandershled,
Mrs. H. Heinz and Louise, * Frederika and
Madalina Feyock. a natlvo Of Uergzabern.
Germany, aged 29 years A months and 22
days, A member of the Ban Francisco
. backer Vereln. -
(£7Frlemis and acquaintances art respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-Uay
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Druids'
Hall, 413 Butter Btreet, where 'funeral ser-
vices will be held undar tho auspices of the
Ban Francisco Backer Verein. Interment
Laurel Hill "Cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors of U. P. Peterson & Co.. 223 McAllister
street.
HOOAN— In this city, September 2. 1303.
Pierce C Hogan, beloved brother of Edward
AV. ' Hoffan, and beloved uncle of William
K., John and Morris J. Condon, a native of
Ireland, aged 84 years. .:¦¦ ~.
LATHROP— In this city, September 2, 1903,
Ellsha Nelson Lathrop, father of Charles H.
Lathrop of Berkelay and MUs Floy Lathrop
of San Francisco, a native of Bridgeport,
- Conn., aged 82 years and 4 months.
(C7Frleni!s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, September 4, 1003, at 2 o'clock, at
tho mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
. dertaklng Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-flrst. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
LEARNED — In this city, September 1, 1903.
John Dennis, beloved husband of Lillle
Learned, father of Mazle Learned, oldest
»on of TTiomas and Mary Learned, and
brother of Thomas C, George. Elizabeth,
Robert and Mary Learned. Mrs. Thomas
Lambert and Joseph Alexander, a native of
South Boston, Mass., aged 23 years and 6
months. (Boston papers please copy.)
• ETFrlends said acquatntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeraj Septem-
ber 3, 1903, at 9 o'clock, from the "residence
of his narents, 2122 Howard street, thence
to St. Charles Borromeo's Church, corner of
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a
nigh requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 9 :30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
McKAY— In this city, September 1, 1903,
V George, beloved son of George 8. and Mar-
garet L. McKay, and brother of Elizabeth
and William McKay and the late John Mo-
Kay, a native of San Francisco, aged 0
years 3 months and 3 Hays.
MELSING— In this city, September I, 1908,
Elisabeth, beloved wife of the late Gustavo
. Melslng, and mother of Mrs. Louisa Libby,
Mrs. Dora Bunker, Mrs. Marie Huddart,
Oustave and Louis Melsins and the late Mrs.
Lizzie Orocan and Mrs. Antoinette White.
a native of Germany, aged 71 years 11
months and 8 days.
OTuneral Friday, September 4, 1903, at
10 o'clock, from the residence of her daugh-
ter, Mrs. Louisa Libby. 3965 Twenty-fifth
street, at 10 o'clock. Interment private. Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MOULTON — In Sausallto, September 2, 1903,
Proctor Moultcn, beloved father of John E.
Proctor and Maud E. Moulton and Mrs. A.
M. Ulsh, a native of Newcastle, England,
aged (38 years.
ICTFrlenos and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 11:30 o'clock, at the
undertaking parlors of F. E. Sawyer. 810
Fourth street, San Rafael. Interment Mount
Tamalpais Cemetery.
MURRAY— In this city, August 31, 1903, David
Murray, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
aged «4 years. (Roxbury. Mass., papers
please copy.)
It^Frletida and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9:80 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NOWLAN— in this city. September 1, 1003. at
her residence. 316 Waller street. Mary Ann
relict of William Nowlan. and devoted,
mother of William. John, James, Thomas,
Alfred and Mary Nowlan and Mrs. Edward
Searle, a native of Sydney, Australia, aged
67 years.
E7Interment etrlctly private. No flowers.
OKE — In this city. Beotember 1, 1903, Eu-
glne. beloved wife of William Oke. and
mother of William, Loudvlc, Simon. Daisy,
Clara, Llllle, Opal, Maybelle and Engine
Oke, a native- of California, aged 47 years 3
months and; 20, days. ;¦ ; -.
IGTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
September 3, 1003. at.. 2 o'clock, from the
• mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty- firft. J Interment . Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
PHILLIPS— In this' city. September 2. 1903,
, Lucy F.. beloved daughter of Ann and the
late Asaph Phillips, a native of Dixon, Cal.
PIKE; — In this city. September 2, 1908. Fred-
erick Pike, husband of the late Jennie Pike,
and nephew of the lat« Mrs. Captain John
Brannan and the late E. \V. Pike, a native
of Maine, aged 62 years.
PRICE— In this city, September 2, 1003. Ann,
dearly beloved wife of the late Charles
Price, and beloved mother of Charles A.,
George H., William. M. and Eliza'Price and
- Mrs. Amelia Jordon, a native of Ireland,
aged 70 years 4 months and 2-t days!
SANCHEZ— In East Berkeley, September 1.
1903, Helen Sanchez, bsloved wife of Felix
Sanchez, and mother of Helen F. Wilson,
Joseph G. Sanchez and Mrs. E. J. Brlgden,
a native of St. Andrews, New Brunswick,
aged 7s years 7 months and 13 days.
(C~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2240 Ward street, East Berkeley. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
SLOANE — In this city, September 2, 1003, Ber-
nard Sloane. dearly -beloved husband of An-
nie Sloane, and father of J. J. Sloane, aged
CO years.
STEVENSON— In this city, September 1, 1903,
at Lane Hospital, William Henry Stevenson,
son of Thomas Stevenson of Berkeley, aged
88 years. ,^
E7"Funeral from 1829 Prince street. Berke-
ley, Thursday, September 3, at 2 o'clock.
BTROUSE: — In this city, September 1, 1903,
•Albert A., youngest and dearly beloved son
of Emielle and the late Mark Strouse, and
brother of Mark Strouse and Bertha E. Mor-
ganstern, a native of San Francisco, aged
¦ 10 yearn 3 months and 21 days.
|£~Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2412 Pacific avenue, near Fillmore
j Btreet. Interment Laurel Hill , Cemetery.
"WEYANT— In this city. September 1, 1903,
Jennie, beloved wife of Webster L. Weyant.
and mother of Blue Belle Weyant, a native
of New York, aged 42 years 2 months and
25 days. '. . ¦
CT'Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2175
Mission etreet, near Twenty-first. Interment
at Highland Falls. N. Y. -•SACRAMENTO. Sept. 2.— Governor Pardee
this afternoon Issued a requisition upon ihe
Governor of Texas for the return to this State
of F. R. Reed, wanted in Log Angeles for
the crime of embezzlement, alleged to have
been committed by him in that county,
Baker & Hamilton, the big hardware bouse,
BM our facilities. Itiyeell-Xlom&fi. 22 Clay. •
1 Why don't you try Koenlgsteln's Red
Salve for that eczema of yours? •
Petitions in Insolvency were filed In the
"United States District Court yesterday as
follows: Otto Rampendahl, harness
maker. St. Helena^liabilities $2383, assets
$360; "W. H. CuttsOmerchant. Lockeford,
liabilities $1476, no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Sahlein's Millinery.
Fall opening pattern hats and turbans
to-day and to-morrow. 873 Market st. •
One Partner Sues Another.
Justice of the Peace Daniels gave judg.
ment for $60 yesterday in favor of Samuel
Nichols, who sued S. G. Spier for the
rental of a room in the Argyle Hotel. The
testimony developed that Spier and Nich
ols were partners in the hotel business
and had a disagreement which is now
pending in the Superior Court. Nichols
was appointed receiver to carry on the
business and learned that Spier had
leased to himself for $5 a month a room
connecting with the cafe. Spier had
signed the partnership name to the lease.
Nichhls said the room was reasonably
worth $10 per month and Incidentally tes
tified that Spier was in the habit of using
the electricity from the hoteljn his cafe
business.
Sent to Jail for Contempt.
Elmo Barnett, the "Texas Kid," who
is known as a bunko steerer, appeared In
Police Judge Mogan's court yesterday to
answer a charge of vagrancy. He had
apparently been drinking, and as he per
sisted in talking the Judge' ordered him
Into custody for contempt of court and
also instructed the bailiff to charge- him
with being drunk. He had evidently been
in a fight, as both eyes were blackened.
The charge of vagrancy was continued
till, to-day. The charges against Harry
Walters, John Coulter and James
Lestrang? were dismissed.
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust; inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results.
ML'RINE EYK REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart: soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murine at 50 cents. •
The San Francisco Eye
Brief remarks were made by Father
Sark and others and then volunteers
were called for to aid in distributing cir
culars setting forth briefly reasons for
the support of the section relating to the
St. Mary's square appropriation in the
proposed bond issue. Nearly everybody
in the meeting volunteered for this ser
vice and will report the progress they
make to the secretary to be read at, a
subsequent meeting.
The speaker paid a high tribute to
Father Stark for his indefatigable efforts
on behalf of the movement and also eulo
gized the late Rev. Dr. Foute for the
zealous stand he took in his lifetime- in
forwarding the work of the association.
An unusually enthusiastic and well at
tended meeting of the St. Mary's Square
Association was held last night in St.
Mary's Hall on California street for the
purpose of starting a campaign in favor
of that section of the proposed bond is
sue, which allots $205,000 for the purpose
of purchasing, that section lying between
Dupont, California, Pine streets and St.
Mary's place, which has been condemned,
and transforming it into a public park.
George D. Shadburne, president of the
association, occupied the chair and
Father Stark acted as secretary. The
chairman briefly reviewed the work of
the association since its organization,
telling of its small beginning away back
in lbSS and the struggle it had made for
decency and improvement. He spoke of
the first appropriation made by the Board
of Supervisors of $30,000, which was sub
sequently annulled by the bad faith of
certain city officials. Subsequently an ap
propriatioft of $75,000 was granted, and
after a season of struggle was ' made
available. Out of that sum was pur
chased the property running from Dupont
street to St. Mary's place, fronting on
California street, which now belongs to
the city. The speaker said that this
movement was the entering wedge for the
conversion of Chinatown into a vast pub
lic park.
The balance of the site* of the proposed
square, he said, has been condemned and
the Sl'05,000 granted in the proposed bond
issue, together with $30,000 still remaining
from the original appropriation by the
Board of Supervisors, will be ample' to
convert the former plague spot of vice
into a beautiful park, lit for the recrea
tion of children and the enjoyment ' of
older people. . ''
Coroner Leland was notified of the case,
but Inasmuch as the child had evidently
died a natural death and a Dr. Mason,
who had prescribed for it at one time, was
willing to eign a death certificate,
deemed it unnecessary to take an official
action.
The neighbors generally bear out the
charge that the parents are frequently
intoxicated and that the children are neg
lected. The Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children will make an inves
tigation and if it is thought advisable
will take steps to have the children
moved to more beneficial surroundlngc
Officers McMurray and ~oung for the
Society for Prevention of Cruelty to
Children were notified by the neighbors
and visited the squalid abode. In addi
tion to the dead and ill babies they found
three other children, the eldest being 7
years of age. They were unkempt and
neglected, but seemed to be sufficiently
nourished. The husband appeared to be
thoroughly sober, but the wife was ptlll
under the Influence of liquor and the
death cf her little one. seenu-d to have
made no impression on her.
Tuesday night, according to the testi
mony cf the neighbors, Kinsbay and his
wife indulged in a drunken carousal.
Yesterday morning the husband arose
and went to his work at th»; tin shop of
Crexn & Co., at Druam and Sacramento
streets. A little later the landlady, living
across the hall, arouseU Mrs. Kinsbay
from a drunken stupor to place in her
arms the dead body of her child. The
mother was too befuddled with liquor to
comprthend the situation and the father
¦was sent for. He secured the services of
Dr. Poaps, who ministered ta the other
twin and gave some hope for its recov
ery. He said that the surviving baby
was suffering from acute Indigestion due
to "improper nourishment, and he thought
that the other one had died from the
same cause.
Neglect of two babies only three months
old by their parents, Robert Kmsbay and
his wife, was the cause of the death of
one of the little ones some time during
Tuesday night or yesterday morning in
squalid lodgings at 5:5 Howard street.
The other one was found in an almost dy
ing condition, but prompt medical assist
ance may save its life, provided It is giv
en proper attention.
Drunken Mother Arous
ed to Receive Body
of Little One.
St. Mary's Square As
sociation Holds a
Meeting.
Sues Beceiver of Eppinger & Co.
for Bent for Crockett
Warehouse.
Still another action growing out of the
failure of the grain firm of Epplnger &
Co. was commenced yesterday. It Is a
suit for 51500 rent, and the plaintiff Is
Jacob Levi Jr., owner of a one-half inter
est in the warehouse at Crockett wherein
the grain owned by the firm is stored.
The defendants are Henry "Wadsworth,
receiver of the firm, and the numerous
banks that claim an interest in the grain.
Permission to commence the action was
given Levi by Judge Kerrigan a few days
ago, though Gavin McNab. as legal rep
resentative of the Bank of Monterey,, took
exception to the ruling. Levi claims that
though" he has frequently demanded of
Wadsworth rental for the warehouse the
latter has persistently refused to pay it.
Judge Kerrigan also made an order em
powering Receiver "Wadsworth to sell the
grain owned by the Eppingers and stored
in the Crockett warehouse. The grain
is to be sold at private sale, in lots, and
return is to be made to the court twenty
days after the sale.
Singers & public speakers find Plso'a Cure for
Consumption an effectual cure for hoarseness. •
MUSCOVITE CAPITALISTS
TO TAKE IN LOCAL BANK
Russo-China Institution Prepares to
Establish Itself in San Fran
cisco at Once.
The first branch of the Russo-Chlna
Bank to be established on 'the Pacific
Coast will succeed to and absorb the busi
ness, of the Cqmptoir National d'Escompte
de Paris branch in this city. Account
ants are looking over the books and ac
counts of the French bank and it Is sup
posed that the change will be effected
some tlmo In October. The general un
derstanding Is that the present personnel
of the branch will remain undisturbed.
The Comptolr National d'Escompte de
Paris is a large owner in the Russo-Chlna
Bank and is largely concerned In the
business of both Russia and China.
The Russo-Chlna Bank will try to aug
ment and foster trade and business rela
tions between the United States and Rus
sia. It is a large and powerful Institu
tion. It Is following the progress of the
construction of the Trans-Siberian Rail
way and has placed outposts at advan
tageous points on the Asiatic shore of
the Pacific Ocean, reaping large advan
tages thereby and promoting the interests
of Russia and of large capitalists at Mos
cow and St. Petersubrg. ;.. : 
? ¦ -
SAN FRANCISCO CREDIT
HEN SELECT LIVE TOPIC
Credit Insurance Is Theme Adopted
for Discussion After They Have
Dined Together.
The San Francisco Credit, Men's Asso
ciaf '. will banquet this evening and will
then devote some time to the discussion
of phases of credit Insurance.
W. J. Morphy of Chicago has been In
vited to address the members concerning
credit insurance, he I being considered to
be an expert In that line. Members are
invited to come to the meeting prepared
to ask questions. - Dinner will be served
at 6:15 p. m. ¦¦:;.;'
Charged With a Felony.
Henry E. Lair, formerly a saloon
keeper, was arrested yesterday on a war.
• rant from Police Judge Cabaniss' court
j charging him with a felony In placing his
j wife. Marie. In the premises at 1129 Du
! pant street. He was released on $1000
i cash bail. The . complaining witness la
Frank J. Kane. 1312 Market street. Lair's
wife and her sister. Claire Bouloml. were
I arrested for vagrancy. ,
BABY EXPIRES
FROM NEGLECT
INTEND TO WAGE
VIGOROUS FIGHT
LEV! FILES AN ACTION
AGAINST HENRY "WADSW0RTH
The driver of the wagon who caused
all the damage got out of sight as .fast
as possible after the accident' and has not
been apprehended yet. • . . '
Mrs. Behm, x while trying to cross Mar
ket street at the Intersection of Taylor,
was run into and knocked down by- the
careless driver ot an express wagon yes
terday. She was at once removed to the
Emergency Hospital, • where she was
treated by Dr. James D. Murphy. Her
injuries consisted of a. fracture. of the
right wrist, a dislocation of the shoulder
blade, besides a number of wounds on
her left arm and breast. v Later she was
taken to her home at 634 Golden Gate
avenue.
Run Over by Careless Driver.
Smith has a long record. He was sent
to the Industrial School on April 8, 18S0,
for petty larceny. On December 18. 1SS4,
he was sentenced to sixty days for having
brass knuckles In his possession, and on
'^ttt^ WO ex-convicts are now in the
II "tanks" at the City Prison. The
1 police suspect that they are the
*¦• masked footpads that lately have
held up three saloon-keepers and
their customers. They are John Smith,
alias George Meyers, alias John Kelly,
alias John O'Brien, and Dennis O'Brien,
alias Thomas Ryan, alias Dennis Meyers,
alias Harry Gordon.
Detectives Dinan and Wren were on the
lookout for suspects yesterday afternoon
and at the corner of Clay and Dupont
streets they saw Smith and O'Brien, who
started to run, but Wren grabbed O'Brien
and Dinan pursued Smith and overtook
him at Sacramento and Stockton streets.
The, suspects were taken to the City
Prison and when searched O;Brien had
$30 in his pockets and Smith had $2.
Smith is wanted in Oakland for bur
glary in conjunction with a man 1 named
McKlroy, who was arrested at the time.
Smith's photograph was recognized in the
Rogues' Gallery as the other burglar.
Smith is 5 feet 8M; inches tall and O'Brien
about 5 feet 5 inches. They refused to
make any statement. .
O'Brien was arrested about two weeks
ago in an opium resort on Howard street
along with three" other men. but the cases
against them were dismissed. " On May
30, 1SS4, he was sentenced to serve ten
years in Folsom penitentiary for grand
larceny. On February 9, 1S92, he was sen
tenced to serve five years in Folsom for
robbery and In 1S95 he was sentenced to
six months in the County Jail for va
grancy. He went to Montana after his
release and served a term of ten years in
Deer Lodge penitentiary, having been re
leased on Juno«21 last.
November 2S. 18S5. he was sentenced to
six months in the House of Correction
and to pay a fine of $500 for stealing a till
from a store at 29 Seventh street. He es
caped on October 25, 18SG, but on January
27, 1SS7, he was sentenced to serve tour
years in San Quentin for burglary. On
November IS, 1893, he was sent to the
County jail for ninety days for petty lar
ceny and on October 1, 1SD8, he was sent
to Folsom for five years for burglary, be
ing released on April 1, 1302.
EX-CONVJtTS WHO WERE CAPTURED YESTERDAY BY THE POLICE
AND ARE BEING HELD ON SUSPICION THAT THEY ARE GUILTY
OF SALOON ROBBERIES COMMITTED LATELY.
Judge Pierce called upon the attorneys
for the executors to produce all letters
they had in their possession written
to Jonathan Lloyd White by Mrs. Jennie
White. The court refused to grant the
request, as it was too sweeping. There
was some dispute about the testimony
given on the orevious day. The record
was not written up and the shorthand
reporter was not present, so Mrs. White
was allowed to leave the stand, but will
be recalled on Fr.uay.
Mrs. Kate Fennell. who resides at 422
Pierce street, was placed on the stand'
by the plaintiff and testified she had
known Mrs. Jennie White and her hus
band for more than twenty-three years.
She said she met White when he was
employed in Curtin's dry goods store.
She said she freauently met White on
the street and asked t him how his wife
was, and he always replied that she was
well and was traveling in Europe, hav
ing a crand time.
John Merriman, an insurance broker,
testified that he talked with White six
months before the latter's death and he
said that he was living apart from his
wife. Attorney Treadwell tried to get
the witness to , admit that White might
have said "separated," but Merriman
stuck to his original statement.
The plaintiff's counsel introduced the
summons and affidavit of the White di
vorce suit, and then asked that the case
go over, as they had no other witnesses
on hand. Judge Troutt pu* the matter
over until to-morrow morning.
"When did Lloyd White cease writing
letters to you?" asked Judge Aitken.
"After the year 1SS5," replied the wit
ness.
"After that how did you receive com
munications from him?"
"ThrouKh his mother."
LLOYD.
LETTERS NOT PRODUCED.
Mrs. White explained that she wagered
$10 with "White's mother that if Jonathan
Lloyd White came to New York the first
one he wr.uld call upon was his wifp. She
wrote him, and he replied as follows:
Dear Jennie: I wish you had more sen^e.
Don't you know by this time that if I arrived
In New York to-morrow morning the first per
son I wouIJ call on would be yourself? I see
mother is too cute for you and she proposes
to win your- $10 from you. Why don't you
drop me a line or are you sick? Your last let
ter I got and I laughed well when I read It.
1 told mother the whole secret about us. I
could not keep it any longer from her, knowing
as I do how much she thinks of you. Huslness
is frightfully dull here and every one is com
plaining, ljut we must cheer up and trust to
luck. Write me a letter soon. I am longing
to go to New York. And it won't be Ions now
before I am with you all. With love. Yours,
WAGERED WITH MOTHER.
If this letter had been admitted in evi
dence the attorneys would have .show.i
that- "White "was corresponding with his
wife after the divorce.
The witness was asked her age and de
clined to >rive it on the ground that la
dies seldom tell how old they are. It
developed that the divorce was granted
White in November, 1884. The witne33
swore positively that she did not learn
of th« divorce until Mr. Pierce had in
formed her by letter. She stated she was
then in Alaska conducting a boarding
house. It was called the White House.
A great deal of stress was laid on a
letter dated June 9. 1S84, by the attor
neys for plaintiff. The witness was posi
tive she received it in 1SS3. The court
declined to receive it in evidence, as it
was dated in June of the year the "Whites
weie divorced. The witness swore that
sne received it in 1885 and that the date
was wrong. The court examined the doc
ument and made out the figure to be "-I."
The receipt is dated «iay m, 18S3, which
is alleged to be the day before Mrs. Tos
ney became the wife of Jonathan Lloyd
White. The attorneys for the defendants
will try to show that White paid back
all moneys he borrowed from the de
ceased.
Mrs. White was on the witness stand
the greater part of yesterday. The at
torneys for the defendants devoted tho
entire morninsr to a minute examination
of the witness* past life. They Interro
gated her about her birth, her aee, na
tivity, marriages, births and friends in
an effort to find some flaw In her testi
mony. Attorney Treadwell sprung a sen
eation during the examination by hand
ing the witness a receipt for $6000 which
was signed "Jeannle Tosney." The wit
ness positively' declared that she had
never seen the paper before and dented
that It was her slenature. Treadwell
thereupon compelled her to write the
name as it appeared in the receipt. Mrs.
White declared she never signed her
name that way. She spelled it "Jennie,"
but the court directed her to write it as
the defendants' counsel desired.
In the afternoon Theodore ivytka, the
handwriting expert, visited the courtroom
and examined the original receipt and
the writing of the witness.
DECLINES TO GIVE AGE.
The attorneys for Mrs. Jennie "White
were greatly handicapped yesterday by
Judge Troutt's ruling: that no communi
cation between hugband and wife dur
ing their marital relations could be dis
closed on the witness stand. Much testi
mony that intent be material to Mrs.
White's cast was thus kept out of the
record.
Oourt Refuses to Order Let
ters Written by Her
Produced.
Attorneys Ask Many
Personal Questions
of Mra White.
HER PAST LIFE
INQUIRED INTO
THE SAN FRA1SCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 3, 1903.
Detectives Dinan and Wren Capture John
and Dennis O'Brien, Ex-Convicts,
Who Answer Description of Bold Robbers
ARRESTS CROOKS ON SUSPICION
OF BEING SALOON FOOTPADS
14
NEVMA1T A LBVINSON.
Kctrij and Suiter Sts. O*^^0^
Ladies' Shirt Waists
At Closing Out Prices GSSS%)-
This is our final clearance sale of Ladies' Summer Waists —
You will want them for some time yet — but selling time should
be over — we need the room for Fall and Winter Goods. They
are all entirely new of this season's cleverest and most fetch-
ing styles in Lawn, Madras, Cheviot, Batiste, etc. — The entire
stock reduced without regard to cost or value :
WAISTS THAT WERE $1.75 and $2.00 REDUCED TO $1.35
WAISTS THAT WERE I2.25 and $2.50 REDUCED TO $1.75
WAISTS THAT WERE #2.7$ and | 3 -oo REDUCED TO $2.25
WAISTS THAT WERE fc.oo and $4.50 REDUCED TO $2-50
Towels Very Low Priced
(Second Floor Emtter St.)
Do yon need Towels ? Here are some particularly good
values we are offering in our enlarged Housefurnishing Goods'
Department in the New Sutter Street Annex :
At $ 1 .00 Dozen-Bleached Cotton „ At $ 1 .90 Dozen-Bleached Linen
Huckaback Towels, ready for use. Huckaback Towels, 10x38, could
size 18 x 38, worth I1.25 n , ot ** under * 3 '°° lf we bou i ht -
them to-day
At $1.50 Dozcn-Blcachcd Huck- $ Q Do zen-FIne Bleached
tta M SBfr Sir Tctlr nd~ double Huckaback Towels, size
or plain white border, regular price M x |g rcd> b , ue or bQ^
* r " 7 ' ers, worth $4.00
Ladies' Knit Underwear
(Main AUIe— Kearny St.)
The. new Fall and Winter Underwear has arrived, direct
from the mills, and is now on display — All are high grade
garments, made to wear well and fit comfortably, and as to
prices — we made our purchases long before the recent advance
in the prices of these goods — The result of our foresight
is now to your advantage :
Ladies' ribbed Vests and Eques- Ladles' cotton ribbed Union Suits,
trienne Tights, for winter wear, in long or short sleeves, ankle length,
made from best quality maco white only, splendid value
•cotton; each - 50c at $1.25
Ladies' Silk Plated Vests, Swiss Ladies' Fall weight Unshrinkable
ribbed, in white, black, pink and Merino Vests, fine quality, in
blue white
High Neck and Short Sleeves J 1.00 High Neck and Short Sleeves $1.00
High Neck and Long Sleeves $ 1 .25 High Neck and long Sleeves $1.25
Ladies' Golf Vests®^*
These Stylish Knitted Vests, have become very popular —
They are made of wool and can be worn with or without a
jacket. The special we offer to-day comes in pretty shades
of red, tan and navy blue with white dots, also black with
white dots and white with black dots — trimmed with -
gilt buttons and are exceptional value at *P 1 »^^
Other Styles Marked to Sell at
• $2.00, $2.50. $2.75 and $3.00 Each
Lawn Scarfs and Squares
• " [Second Floor Kearny St.]
A special purchase just received of these^ pretty White
Lawn Scarfs and Squares — They have hemstitched borders,
with rows of pretty openwork design — Scarfs can be used for
the bureau or sideboard and Squares as center pieces for
table — Nothing like them ever offered at this price:
• . : White Lawn Scarfs sire 17x50 sale price ) 'lEp
. . . White Lawn Squares size 30 x 30 sale price i fcacn
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MARKS BROS. SALF
of
S KIMONAS,' 1
II As Illustrated: cut In a new style. En
PI 1110 " 1 J'oke; edge and sleeves H
twl trimmed in Flannelette of contrasting ii:
U , C .°r?V, £ e A e8t styIe Pelted back. A It
Pa°cqu F e° RTABLE ggjggjg I
| Me ior our FLANNELETTE 1
| PETTICOATS |
H SPECIALLY GROUPED IN 2 LOTS \ M
l| FLANNEL. Deep yoke; edge o£ HI
/ly "ounce scalloped and naatly. button- Rl
jfll holed In white wash silk. ' If
III LOT 2 ~ Pettlc °at made of DAISV ||
III FLANNEL.. Deep flounce, trimmed j
t with insertion and a ruffle, of linen n
,l|| .Torchon lace. ||
I FLANNELETTE GOWNS I
1 50c >75c and $1.00 J
| o0c FLANNELETTE GOWNS in ll
flfl retty stripes; full length and width. |j
1 75c STRIPED FLANNELETTE
GOWN • ¦' I
| i Yoke outlined with white. finishing .J
ill braid; front, sleeves and cuffs trimmed N j|[l
Ifl with band of solid material; edged I
III with white braid. • |j
I $1.00 DAISY FLANNEL DEEP
YOKE GOWN |
l|i| Hemstitched box plait down front; w
»|] rollar and cuffs trimmed with ruffle I
njl! >l linen Torchon lace and- a neat pat- 111
|| tern of white braid. Solid colors :r I
|p stripes. 11
I SPECIAL SALE OF LACE BANDS S
FOR TO-DAY ONLY. 1% to 0 Inches 1
in width; colors white, ecru and black. ll
HI Prices: 15c, 25c, 35c, and up to «]
ll| $2.50 per yard. I
iJI Send for our Fall Catalogue. Will i
13 soon be ready for mail Ins. (I
/I I TRADING STAMPS given with fl
[[III every purchase. K
¦MARKS BROS.
I 1220, 1222, .1224 -Market St. 11
|]lj . Between Taylor and Jones. " 13
39 STOCXTOZT STBEET,
Telephone Mala 5522. ' »"
Good goods, low prtcea. prompt dotlverT.
. efficient service are a few -anjor.ff th«
many things to which we believe we owe
the creat success of these weekly sales.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square ..... 40c
Reg. 45c. Usual size and quality :
MINNESOTA E6GS, per dozen 27Kc
Equal to California ranch. . •
LEMOINE SARDINES, 2 cans for. . . , . 25c
Reg. 15c each. French llsh In- oIlTe oil
MACARONI, VERMICELLI) per boi... 35c
and SPAGHETTI > half box ... 20c
"Reg. 40c and 25c. - . -
Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate, per can 25&
SNIKR'S TOMATO CATSUP, per bof. .20c
Keg. 25c. A fine relish
CONCENTRATED SOUPS, 3* cans for. :25c
WINDOW SCREENS, 12*35,9x42. 20c each
Reg. 25c and 30c. Oak frames.
KNOn GELATINE, per pkg. .... .*. . tff 6
BARBEE BOURBON. per boi 75c, gal $3 00
Reg ?1.00 and S4.00. A t ood. reliable
brand.
MT. YERNON RYE, per boi. . .....,95c
Reg. $1.33. Distillery bottling.
BLACKBERRY BRANDY, per bot. . . . . .50c
Reg. 75c. Fine for medicinal use.
CLARET, per gal. ........:.:.. ,40c
Res. 30c. Well aged.
Orders Solicited and Promptly billed.
Timor ¦ •
Cross babies become good-
natured babies when fed on.
Mellin's Food. Mellin's Food
nourishes and pleases.
'- '¦'*' - ¦¦:¦¦¦- : - ; ¦"'¦¦'
Would you like a sample of Mellin'a Food"
to try ? You may have one for the aakinj.
"i # .. ¦.•-¦-¦ ¦ : ¦;¦
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dysoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGNIEB CO., San Francisco, •
Harvesting Over at Haters;
The storehouse is filled with fashion's products. . :•:¦
It turns one's attention naturally to see what fashion has been ere-.
ated in hats and wraps and tailored dresses. These are all spread out
now as they rarely are. The displays are still untouched. Th» sight is ;
as tempting as it was Monday. V ' • : • "'. "
—Paris Pattern Hats. —Tailored Dresses. . . . " ¦.'¦
— New York Models. > Street and Evening. wraps. ,- ,.
— Ostrich Plumes. Birds and Spangles. — Walking and Dreas Skirts. .
Aluminum Trays with a photo of Pope Leo, $c. . • : • .. :
They're handy little trays for pins, buttons or trinkets. - ; . • / .:
fThe Tailored
Dresses r
And a particular word of.a few ait
815, $16.50, $18.75 and $22.50.
Mixtures are here, . and what do ; you ,
think— but $15.00 a suit. . . : • 'J,
Those snappy, mannish ' outfits with
close-buttoning blouses; coa-t tails, and
coat sleeves; plaited back and .front.
The coat is satin lineff. The sjiirt has =
\\ \ seven gores, stitched; .
\\ \ - Another Sl*>.00 one is in cheviot; with
> <\ \ . shoulder capes. . '. • • .
/ i- S16.J5O ones are in • broadcloths.' taix-
I >^2r^"T tures and etamlnes and cheviots; 8om«
HnP =s. with capes, some without: some with
• iT^tiklT mannish coats and side pockets;: others
OT Y\ \ ¦ ' in h l° use styles,. skirted. The Jaqkets*
il It I are l' ne( l- ¦ . ' " • /' '
tllCrtl II jiffi I SIS. 75 or.ps are' in pebble etamin"'
iigr'trfV/fi II "*A cheviots, blouses- with long . skirts. . a9
Sr.*Q- mi *yy/l H |\ 'well as mannish ooats and side pock-.
// m I \V\ " ets. The Jackets have taffeta lining.
/n Jw vV\ blues and blacks; • ; ••
JAP M r' \k\ At 822.50 are four styles in -blacks.
Sjyf Ml I* YaJi>- blues and browns. •' All the coats tfr>
SsWS /////I I 'SP^ skirted. One style nas a pretty Per-
<^C»^2r ffffljl \ X sian colored "vestee.; another- finished
&gSKL___ : ££iy H with wood fiber silk' braid, .and a.notheir
I) y^^^ Is suitable for elderly women. • -
Mercerized Damasks This Ribbon, 15c l •
* You get the luxury and beauty It's the best pillow ribbon we
of linen and pay a cotton price. have; 4j4 in. wide; that heavy
It has the same satiny finish; the quality with five Satin Stripes.
Ssj '; sri^r Sf tk ss 3°c be &$ &$$£<#
$1.50 linen. In fact, the visitor at but we have marked it to close
your table would think you paid at j-r ' '
$1.25 or $1.50, whereas it was 1 o c « . . ;
only 50c. • : • /t
Washing doesn't spoil it. VVe 7^2 C for 10c Toweling '
have had women come back again The , toweling, 17 in. wide, in
T^ e r b iZ^^Ll° n^^l check patternsf £B|Sg?
table length to. wash and wear and ev erv-aay thing .at.ioc, Qiir price;
test for a few weeks. ' or a little lot oi it, this morning,.
It wasn't long till she telephoned 7/4c yd. ' . ; \ ;. . ..
for a bolt. ; i . ¦ ',%'<•
We'd like to have you stop and Initiitc fnr Vnnr • *
see it when you are in the store. lz ?, « Y ° Ur
Of course, we've napkins to match Writing Paper. . _
it, 20 inches square— 51.15 a doz. • You may stick them on •' like' a
_ f T~ ~ 7T« . • st amp. They Took like wax,
Carlsbad China, same purpose as wax and not near
tO Sell at 9c as much bother as wax. . :
On .1 harp-ain table todav Sor&e women paste them over, the
un a uargain iduic ioud>. enyeIope flat as a seal 0ther9 put
Bread and Butters 9c them on writing paper as a crest.
SSS'WKT :.•::::::::£ j Four dozen t m P 2 L j • rest v .
Oat Meal Bowls 9c " ' ' -. .
Cream Pitchers Oc " : -'¦•> I . .
Pin Trays 9c ___ yGgr —,' •' - '
Fancy Mugs 0c -^rfo* /Jr/ jT*l. ffr— iiu-
Not plain but decorated and in //ft Jffl &£&?(§& *^^^^3
the newest decoration, too. Shapes Jsf
are also the very latest. No reason -^- 7*00^0005^^
at all for any of the pieces being so 7l _ f . _ . _ y ' /
cheap, only that we wanted to stir. iYlarKet Z>t., JNear Sixth
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ,
BBEWSTEffS
MILLIONS
'¦¦'¦- ' ' !
"" ¦¦¦¦¦/* • ¦^^^¦¦^w j
= YOUK=
DEALER'S
TO-DAY