Continued on ' Paare 2: Column 5.
TOKIO CABINET'S DILEMMA.
Opposition Will Attempt to Impeach
the Japanese Ministry,
YOKOHAMA. Dec. 9.— Advices re
ceived here to-day, from Tokio say Rus
sia's : reply to the Japanese proposals
has not yet been received/ and it is not
believed there that it will be finally
WASHINGTON, Dec. 79.— The policy
of the Navy - Department with respect
United States Will Prevent Colombian
Invasion of Panama.
READY TO DISPATCH TROOPS.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 9.— The track of the
electric interurban road from San Jose
to ' Los Gatos . by way of Saratoga was
completed tills forenoon. The construc
tion 'of . the extension from Saratoga : to
Congress Springs will -be commenced
immediately. Jin order- to accommodate
the i people of 'i Campbell the ', company
has applied for ¦ another . franchise for
theshort line between this city and' Los
Gatos. £^^^^^|S9H9Hfil
Electric Railway Is- Completed.
LONDON, Dec. 9.— The Central and
Associated Chambers of Agriculture of
the United Kingdom indorsed Joseph
Chamberlain's fiscal proposals at a
meeting held in. London to-day. The
chambers, which are thoroughly rep
resentative of the agricultural inter
ests, "debated "the matter at several re
cent meetings before adopting a reso
lution welcoming the former Colonial
Secretary's proposals as necessary ,f or
the welfare of the farmers.
r-;An amendment proposing that the
question be referred to a royal com
mission was defeated and ', the con
sensus , of the speeches dissented from
Premier Balfour's scheme and de
clared that the. farmers, in their own
interest, must; heartily support Cham
berlain. *;
Central and Associated Chambers of
Agriculture Indorse the Policy of
Former Colonial Secretary.
CHAMBERLAIN HAS THE
SUPPORT OF FARMERS
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9— The State
Department received a cablegram to
day from Mr. Russell. United States
Charge in Caracas, . saying that the
Venezulean Government had , decreed
the opening to trade of the,. port of
Cristobal Colon, on' the bay. of the
same name,, on the west shore of the
Gulf of Paria.. . Russell also reports
that .when this', port is opened the
Government will open the, port of.Ciu
dad Bolivar, on the Orinoco, . which
has ¦ been closed ; to trade for the 'past
year. /
Blockade Against Which Great Brit
ain Protested Is Soon to Be
Removed. *
CASTRO WILL REOPEN
PORT ON THE ORINOCO
CHICAGO, Dec. 9.— Settlement of the
Dowie receivership may not pass as
quietly as the order signed by Judge
Kohlsaat on Tuesday Indicated. At
torneys for one of .the creditors served
notice to-day on representatives of all
the other Interested parties that a mo
tion would be presented before Judge
Kohlsaat to-morrow to strike out that
part of the order providing for pay
ment by Dowie of all expenses of the
•Vreceivership. . The point will be made
that Dowie has no right to agree to
pay these costs until he is proved sol
vent
Dcr.vle Is Yet in Trouble.
The case was called at once, but, af-r
ter the testimony of Cleveland had been
heard, it was continued" until to-mor
row. . ¦ • , . ¦ - :.:.- vv.''_
Affidavit was made by. Cleveland that
the actress and Rankin were, in his be
lief, about to conceal or dispose of their
property, leave the State and defraud
him of several hundred dollars advance
expenses. Cleveland alleged that the
two Jointly and severally .'had^ violated
their contracts to play out the season,
because their expenses were greater
than their salaries.
Answers were filed in which Miss
O'Neil averred that she had entered
into no. contract, and McKee Rankin
alleged that -Cleveland owed him more
money than, the advance expenses
amounted to. -
CHICAGO, Dec. 9.— All of the proper
ties and costumes of Nance O'Neil,
the San Francisco actress, and
McKee Rankin were attached to
day by William S. ' Cleveland,
manager of the Cleveland Theater,
where for the last month Miss O'Neil
and Rankin have been filling an en
gagement.
Property of the Actress and
3IcKec Rankin Attached by
a Chicago Theatrical Manager
dros of Los Angeles.
The bell had Just rung, calling the
children to their studies, when a closed
carriage flopped in front of the build
ing and two men got out. The Andros
child was seized and her cries v.-ere
stifled by a hand placed over her
mouth. In c few ecconds she was
V placed in the carriage. The vehicle
east on Fullerton avenue, the
horses on a gallon.
Principal Charles S. Bartholf tele
phoned to th* police station and a pa
trol wason was sent out in an effort
to overtake the carriage. In the mean
time a policeman near the school bor
rowed a bucey and pave chase. The
driver of a milk wag'-n and a physi
.cian in an automobile joined in the pur
suit. Many of the children followed
the pursuers. The kidnapers, however,
eluded capture and. all trace of them
was lost.
Lewis Andros and his wife were di
vorced two years ago in Minneapolis.
Mrs. Andros came to Chicago and mar
ried again. Andros went to Los An
g-cles. He has been trying for some
time to get possesFion of the child.
The- movements of the Atlanta are
entirely of a precautionary nature and
for the purpose of 'securing .informa
tion. The United States gunboat Ban
croft left to-day to patrol the western
end of the San Bias coast, in co-opera
tion with the Atlanta. It Is . expected
that the^ latter vessel will return here
in a day or two to report. -
The report brought to La Guayra,
Venezuela, by tire French steamer Ver
sailles from Savanilla, to the effect'that
Colombian steamers' have landed.-HOO
men near the mouth of the Atrato Riv
er to open a way over the Darien
Mountains to . the isthmus, 1 cannot be
confirmed here.
the Darien Mountains into Panama.
Other, troops from the Department of
Cauca, Colombia, are said to beacon
verging on Panama, and from all parts
of Colombia troops are reported to be
marching or waiting on the result of
General Reyes' mission to Washington.
COLON, Dec. 9.— The United States
cruiser Atlanta is still patrolling the
eastern end of the San Bias coast and
keeping a lookout for any attempt on
the part of the, Colombian Government
to land troops on the isthmus, which
the Atlanta .would at once prevent. The
Atlanta also is' endeavoring to ascer
tain if the Indians 'know anything of
the movements of troops from the in
terior across the frontier, and is seek
ing information concerning the alleged
concentration of Colombian troops at
the mouth of the Atrato River, cm the
Gulf of Darien. The Atrato River be
ing in Colombian territory, the Atlanta,
of course, could. not interfere with any
movements, of Colombian troops there.
NANCE O'NEIL'S
TRUNKS SEIZED
CHIEF OF STAFF OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY. HEAD OF CO
LOMBIAN GOVERNMENT. PROSPECTIVE PRESIDENT OF PAN
AMA AND MAP SHOWING ROUTE OF THE ISTHMIAN CANAL.
CHICAGO, Doc. I'.— Georgiana An
dros. the seven-year-old daughter of
Mrs. C. Bruce. 1734 Milwaukee avenue,
was kidnaped at 3 o'clock this morn
ing from in front of Goethe School, j
Fullcrton avenue and Rockwell street,
presumably by her father, Lewis An-
6pcc!al Dispatch to The Call,
.The Daily flail's Tokio correspondent
says it is reported by the Chinese repre
sentative in Thibet that the Russians
are building two forts and are prepar
ing to resist the British expedition.. The
locality in which these forts are being
built -is not definitely known.
\ The correspondents of both the Dally
Mail and the Daily Telegraph expect
that Viceroy Alexieff will start for St.
Petersburg almost immediately.
Leading editorial's in the newspapers
this morning point out that Russia. 13
bound by ' the strongest obligation to
Great Britain to respect the integrity
of Korea, as It was on the understand
ing that this should be done that Great
Britain restored" Port Hamilton to
Korea.
LONDON, Dec. 9.— The Tokio corre
spondent of the Times says that a Rus
sian squadron, including two battle
ships, having assembled at Chemulpo,
M. Pavloff, the Russian Minister to
Korea, accompanied by the admiral
commanding the fleet, had an audience
with the Emperor, in the course of
which, it Is believed, he renewed his
protest against the opening of Yon
gampho to foreign commerce, ;.VJ-
Dispatches to the Dally Telegraph
from Tokio and Nagasaki, under date
of Wednesday, do not mention the af
rival of the squadron at the Korean
port. The Telegraph's correspondents
say that the situation has undergone
no change, except for an increase in
the tension due to the protracted nego
tiations. The;' also report that the
Japanese Government is buying war
materials abroad.
Russian Minister Has Andience With
the Emperor of Korea.
PAVLOFF RENEWS PROTEST.
VICTORIA. B. C, Dec. 9. — The
steamer Empress of India, from Yoko
hama, brought news from Kobe of the
assassination of a notable Korean po
litical refugee, U. Pan Chong, former
Minister of Foreign Affairs, by two Ko
reans at Kure, near Hiroshima, on No
vember 24. The victim had been living
in Japan since. 1S97.Y The assassins, who
stabbed the victim during an entertain
ment he gave them, were arrested by
Japanese police. _They are said to have
been commissioned in Korea to kill the
former Minister for the part ho is j al
leged to have taken the murder of
the late Queen of Korea.
Two Koreans Stab Former Minister of
Foreignu Affairs Pan Chong to
Death Near Hiroshima.
POLITICAL REFUGEE DIES
AT HANDS OF. ASSASSINS
Divorced Resident of Los An
geles the Supposed Kidnaper
of His Daughter in Chicago I
REDDING, Dec. 9. — The bodies of
two horses driven by five men, four of
whom were drowned by mistaking a
road and driving Into the Sacramento
River near Middle Creek Station last
night, were recovered from" the stream
this ' morning. A two-seated buggy
was also pulled out of the water, but
none, of the bodies of the men were
recovered, although the stream was
dragged for them.
Charles Diestlchorst of this city is
positive that one of the drowned men
was his nephew, William Knudson, of
Redding. He knows that young Knud
son got into the rig here to go to Kes
wick. He says his nephew had been
going under an assumed name at Kes
wick and believes the name to be Wil
liam Weiner, the name that was given
out in the list of victims. It was at
first thought that possibly Knudson
made the sixth member of the ill-fated
party and that five were drowned, but
H. Fitzpatrick, the sole suYvivor, says
there .were only four besides himself
in the ri^. If Knudspn was in the
party he was probably the one known
as Weiner.
Xo Trace Is Found of the Victims of
the Disaster Near Middle
Creek Station.
SEARCHERS FAIL TO FIND
BODIES OF DROWNED MEN
STEALS CHILD
AT A SCHOOL
Dr. Herran, . the Colombian Charge
d'Affalres, to-day authorized the state
ment that if "troops from Cartagena
had , landed -near the mouth of the
Atrata River, as , by r the
Fren6h steamer which has arrived at
La Guayra, it was directly in opposi
tion to the, advice of both. himself and
General : Reyes.
General Reyes has been fully in
formed by the President himself as to
the. intentions V of , the Government of
the United States" respecting ;the ; isth
mus. HeHwas^told by. the President
that, as was set- forth in j the Presi
dent's "message to Congress, the United
Stales had determined .to : maintain the
independence of ; the new - republic.' of.
Panama ; against all r comers. While
this guarantee, is contained in a, treaty
how pending before the United States
Senate and as; yet unratifled;. the\ ad
ministration has for/ some "time • past
been 1 acting* upon; the .theory that the
understanding is iri: f ull force.' There
fore: all - necessary * preparations /have
been 1 made* to; exert .whatever physical
force may ( , be necessary -• to protect
isthmian, transit... And, 'instead of con
fining '¦¦ military;- aridv' naval operations
Although the statement heretofore
has been* denied, it is learned that the
department has taken notice of the re
peated reports ; that Colombian troops
were assembling at different . points
with the avowed purpose of making a
hostile demonstration against Pan
ama, and has perfected all military
plans to repeal such an invasion.
General Young said . that, should he
be called upon to assist the. navy, it
would not be necessary" to send to the
isthmus more than a' regiment or two.
Although . none of the : members of the
joint army and navy board, which met
to-day, would admit that the Isthmian
situation was under' discussion, it Is
known that such was the case and that
both the army and the navy are ,now
in a state of preparedness for any con
flict with . Colombia that may arise.
It is probable that the training ship
Prairie, with a battalion of marines
aboard, will be ordered to Colon. ¦ The
vessel is now at Guantanamo.
Lieutenant General Young, chief of
staff, to-day authorized .the statement
to be made that the War Department
was ready to dispatch troops to the
isthmus on short notice should their
presence be demanded.
the isthmus at points where a fight
with the Panamgm : troops is likely
to occur. In all naval operations, it
may.be said on authority, the depart
ment is still guided by the treaty of
1846, under, which' the United States
guaranteed to keep transit across the
isthmus" open. .
Operators have confidently expected
the advance and predict $2 oil in the
near future. Very little new territory
is being discovered, but the drill is ac
tive, both in "wild catting" and In old
districts. £"'£?•'
PITTSBURG. Dec. 9.— The Standard
and Producers' and Refiners' oil com
panies to-day, advanced the quotation
on Pennsylvania oil 3 cents, bringing
the price up to $1 90, the highest since
May, 1895. The Tacona, Corning and
Newcastle also were advanced 3 cents,
while the lower grades were put up 1
cent. The gradual decrease in produc
tion, i necessitating the drawing ' upon
stocks, is said to be responsible for the
advance. .
Touches Highest Point Since 1895 and
the Advance Is Likely to
\ Continue.
Oil. PRICE FAST NEARING
THE .TWO DOLLAR' MARK
It has repeatedly been reported that
the Russians have, been fortifying
Yongampho, on the Yalu River, but
the reports to this effect appear to have
been greatly exaggerated. Japan and.
Great Britain on October 17, according
to a dispatch from Peking, asked for
the opening of Yongampho to the com
merce of the world, and the Korean
Foreign Minister consented, subject to
the approval of the Emperor of Korea,
which was withheld, owing, it wa3
said, to a strenuous protest made by
the Russian Minister to Korea, M.
Pavloff, although this subsequently
was denied. Korea was then said to
have strongly objected to Russia's in
terference as being a violation of Ko
rea's sovereign rights. Later It was
asserted that Japan insisted on recog
nition of h<;r influence in Korea, and
the opening of Ycngampho or other
ports to foreign trade. A dispatch from
St. , Petersburg on November 27 said
Russia was willing to concede some
thing, but she opposed the opening of
Yongampho. on account of its proxim
jty'to the mouth of the Yalu Rlrer,
taking the ground that It would
threaten her interests and complicate
her difficulties in Manchuria. Som«i
days later it was announced that Ad
miral Alexieff, the Russian Viceroy in
the. Far East, had sent a number cf
warships to Chemulpo.
A dispatch' from Seoul. Korea, on De
cember 5 announced that American
Minister Allen that day had a long in
terview with the Emperor of. Korea on
the subject of the request of the United
States for the opening of Wiju, on th*»
Yalu, to the commerce of the world.
The Korean Government, It was added,
had been placed in a dilemma by the
demand of the. United States, it was
pointed out at the time the dispatch of
December 5 was received from Seoul
that Wiju was selected by the United
States as a prospective port instead of
Yongampho. because, lying forty miles
above the latter port, the country with
in that limit would be likewise opened
to traffic, and neutralized, a substantial
gain In the extent of market afforded.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET N.
W., WASHINGTON. Dec. 9.— Because
the Department of Commerce and La
bor, with its inquisitorial Bureau of
Corporations, has been the storm center
of the Standard Oil opposition to Presi
dent Roosevelt, peculiar interest awaits
the publication* of the first annual re
port of Secretary Cortelyou, which was
given to the press to-night. Secretary
Cortelyou does not even attempt to
thinly veil the purpose of his depart
ment to carry out the law with refer
ence to great corporations, whether
they be good or bad, but to do nothing
rash. He calls attention to the fact
that the creation of the Bureau of Cor
porations was- viewed by some with
suspicion and that it was feared the
powers granted to it might be used
hastily to the injury of legitimate en
terprise. No such purpose, he says,
will control the administration of the
law. Secretary Cortelyou uses this lan
guage in announcing his purpose of
carrying out the intent of the law:
•.'Many corporations have been grant
ed important privileges by the public
land some of these 'corporations,
through consolidation ; of , capital, have
acquired extensive lnfluej!ic& In JheJJn
dustrial affairs of the country. These
privileges, if ] improperly;, used, = not only
retard -the, progress of industry, but
frequently breed corruption in politics.
"The" legislation creating the Bureau
of Corporations was an expression of
the popular belief that further safe
guards should be provided for the regu
lation of business enterprises to which
special privileges have been granted
by the people. Publicity will disclose
unfair dealings, dishonesty anfc corrup
tion, but, if properly enforced, will not
disclose to trade competitors the fruits
of individual thrift and initiative, nor
permit in any other manner the inva
sion of private rights."
In rehearsing the operations of the
Department cf Commerce^icce it came
into existence on July 1, St-retary Cor
telyou puts at rest the rumors that the
Bureau of Corporations had already
come into collision with the Standard
Oil Company and that the Rockefeller
corporation had refused to give infor
mation demanded by the department.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
"What is that?" cried the woman,
pointing at the still swinging form of
the man.
Although the men recognized their
fellow : workman,' they made Mfss
Brownell believe that it was a dummy
used in a previous play andinduced her
to go to her dressing-room. Then the
men tried to pull up McGregor's body
and untie the rope, but, finding that im
possible, they cut the rope, letting the
limp form fall twenty feet to the stage.
Although McGregor's * neck hail ¦ been
broken, life wag not extinct. A physl-,
,clan was summoned.but could do noth
ing, for /McGregor, ;,who died five . min
utes later. " "* ''¦¦. •'.'¦" ;
Jealousy over his sweetheart, Miss
Lehna 'Hall, 'bestowing her affections
upon another man was the cause of the
suicide.
SAbT LAKE, Utah, Dec. 9.— The al
most lifeless body of James McGregor,
one of the flymen in the Salt Lake The
ater and vice president of the local
branch of the International Association
of Stage Employes, was found dang
ling from the flies shortly after 7
o'clock by Miss Mabel Brownell, who is
playing the leading role with J. H.
Stoddard in "Beside the Bonnie Briar
Bush" in that playhouse. Her screams
attracted the attention of the other
stage hands, who rushed to her.
Special Dispatch to The Call
TOKIO, Dec. 9.— A strong Russian
squadron, consisting of eight warships,
including. two battleships, has arrived
at Chemulpo. Korea, the port of Seoul,
the capital, to support Russia's oppo
sition to the proposed"" opening of Yon
gampho to the commerce of the world.
The Russians threaten to land 3000 mdn
and march on Seoul should Korea dis
regard their warning.
Attache of a Salt Lake Flao of Amuse
ment Adopts Spectacular Plan
for His Taking Off.
Businers Secrets Not Involving Unfair
Dealings With the People Will
Not Ee Revealed.
Three Thousand Men Will March
Upon Capitol City if ths Rus
sian Warning Is Ignored.
Actress Matel Brownell
Finds Twitching Body
at Rope's End.
Corporations Must -Observe
' ¦ the Act Providing,
lor Publicity.
Czar Enforcing His Protest
Against the Opening
of yongampho.
LA GUAYRA, Venezuela, Dec. £>.—
'The French steamer Versailles, which
has 'arrived here from Savanilla, re
ports that Colombian steamers have
landed 1100 men from Cartagena near
the mouth of the Atrato River (on the
Gulf of Darien) to open a way through
to the entry of Colombian troops into
Panama was said to-day to be to pre
vent a conflict before it. commenced.
To thia end, having in mind previous
experiences on the isthmus, the naval
commanders in those waters have been
given instructions' to keep the Colom
bian troops at a greater distance from
Secretary Uses Plain
Language in His
First Report.
Russian Squadron
Suddenly Enters
Korean Port. I
Marroquins Forces Mobiliz
ing on the Frontier of the
New Republic.
Stage o! a Playhouse
the SceneoLa
Suicide."
ENDS LIFE
BY HANGING
IN THEATER
CORTEL YOU
TO ENFORCE
TRUST LAW
WARSHIPS
THREATEN
CHEMULPO
COLOMBIAN VESSELS LAND TROOPS
FOR INVASION OF THE ISTHMUS
Continued to Page 2, Column %
Alcazar — "A Bcyal Prisoner."
Alhamttra — EUery's Italian
r.s --Band. , .--*,¦.
California— "Ton Yoaion."
Central — "Hew York Day toy
Day."
Columbia — "Way Down East."
Fischer** — "X. O. XX.™
Grand— "Por Mother's Sake."
9 Matinea To-Day.
' Orphenm — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
The Chute»— Vaudeville.
THE THEATE3S.
rorooaat xaaio'at -Ban rraa- „
d«co for . thirty^, h©art**^Sxdla^
oifcrirht Decczihcr 10, 1903:
Saa Francisco and vicinity—
•air Ttturaday; Uyht northerly
riads, rfxanstfaar to westerly.
A. G. McADrE.
District forecaster.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCV— NO.- 10.
SAN FRANCISCO; THURSDAY;; DECEMBER 10. 1903.
The San Francisco Call(WASHINGTON. Doc.' 9.'— The" Senate In ex
ecutive ¦ session : to-day ; received', the - favorable
report, of ; the Foreign Relations Committee en
the extension of the" naturalization - treaty be
tween the. United States ami HavtL :.'..-'•.--
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching. Wind. Bleeding en Protruding ¦Piles.
Taur j di uncut will i , refund * . money >: jf g Pazo
Ointment fall* to cure you in 0 it» \i days. 3Oc*
.Pen troubles disappear- when you get
a fountain-pen 'tHat fits your hand.' ..'We
haver all /kinds and can -fit any. hand.
Prices from. $1 to J5 each." Sanbornr Vail
&'-Co.;-741 > Market* street,' -selling 1 'agents
for the "Waterman.-' "Regal" -and ."Mar
shall"'fountain pens. .:,<-_
CHRISTIANIA. Dec. 9.'— The Norwe
gian Parliament to-day .unanimously
rejected the'bll! conferring the fran
chise on women.
Women Can't Vote In Norway!
LONDON, Dec. 9.— Cora, .Dowager
Countess of. Strafford (formerly. Mrs.
Samuel G. Colgate of New York), and
M. T. Kennard Were married to-day at
St. George's Church, Hanover Square,
this city.
Countess of Straff ord Again Weds.
TUCSON. Arijj., Dec. 9.— Burt AI
vord, the notorious train robber and
outlaw, pleaded 'guilty to robbing the
mails at Cochise and Fair bank in 1S99
In the JJnited States court at Tomb
stone to-day and was sentenced to two
years' Imprisonment in the Territorial
penitentiary at Yuma. It is predicted
that his pal, Billy Stiles, who Is under
indictment and In custody}- will follow
Alvord's . example and* plead guilty
since the latter,' received such ; a> light
sentence. . Alvord, who had been fan
outlaw in Sonora for three years, gave
himself 'up six raonth3 ago, was tried
at Tombstone, and the Jury disagreed.
Five other "cases against, him which
were p'endingr h£ve Wen" dismissed. >
TRAIN ROBBER ALVORD ,V
. ENTERS PLEA OF GUILTY
Notorious ' Desperado Escapes With
Sentence of Two Years' Imprison
ment in Yuma Penltentinry-
r .Indictments: charging, bribery in, the
St. ; Louis 'lighting -.bill, case are atill
pending against Butler. !*§8§£B£g3BJpm&Bi
.The- court holds that the - Board of
Health had no authority to} let the gar
bage, contract, but that this power be
longed to. the Board of Public Improve
ments. .The ; Board -of Health, having
no authority to award this *contract,
thV "defendant could not briba -members
to do something which they had no au
thorityto "do. 1 ' : ; • ,- «.- ;
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Dec. 0.—_
The : Supreme" Court to-day reversed
the decision in the' case of Colonel Ed
Butler of St. Louis, convicted in: No
vember, 1C-02, of bribery^ and sentenced
to three years in the penitentiary, and
the • prisoner; was, discharged. Butler
was' found; guilty of having 'offered Dr..
Chapman,* a membdr of . the Board of
Health' of the city* of St. Louis. $2500
to award a contract for the destruction
of the? city's, garbage. to the St,, Louis
Reduction Company, of whieh Butler
was a part owner. .
Missouri Supreme Court Releases St.
. LouiS; Politician on Technicality,
Ibut Other Charges' Pending...'
BUTLERC FREE AT, LEAST
FOR A LITTLE WHILE
In a republic . In -i short, education is the
soul of the = school. -¦ Patriotism can; be taught.
Other nations are-, teaching it:- ¦• v ,.-..; ...
• : Our- Institutions ,of 'learning from the hum
blest country achoolhouse to the-Rreatest Vi»I»
versity ought : to give -some .portion of an hour
each ,: day to the teaching oX . nationality, to
irMructlon In the'prlcelesuiess.of our Institu
tions. . to exhortation that the highest duty
of every boy and girl is to live and die for, the
republic. -' ¦ aM *B^ff1Kl3y!i!s^^^J n jM0nP^f^
"•In a* republic; ; too. tbe. school 1 must' teach
conrcrvat**ni. , Conservatism;.; then Instruction
in - the . practice 7 of ''moderatlon.'.'lB the second
duty o f »the school as an -agency of our na
tional, iff e. ..-..¦ u •-.. •..¦.-.• . ..
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.,; Dec. 9.— Dr.
Edwin Holt Hughes was inaugurated
president -of Depauw ...University at
Greencastle, Ind., to-day. The guests
included a 1 number "of college and unU
versity presidents and alumni: from all
parts of: the country. Senator Albert
J. Beverldge, who was graduated from
Depauwin 1S85, delivered the principal
•address, taking as his theme . "The
School and the Nation.'" He said in
part:- ¦. . ¦ -' : >, .'¦ ¦¦•'¦ ¦ : ¦; .
."We : expect our . nation to lead this:, world.
But.Amerlca will 'not •lead;»he -world unless
the ter.se of civic duty is as keen as Instinct,
as "exalted as *alth.-,vAnd 'to make It ed is
the duty: of ev*ry ; teacher.*- • ¦ ;
Senator Beverldge Gives an Address
at Inauguration of Dr. Hughes
. ' v as. President of Depairiv.
CIVIC DUTY LEADING v^v^j
THEME IN SCHOOLS
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 9.— The
first trial of persons alleged to beC In
volved in the massacre of Jews at
Kishinev will be concluded this week.
The court has already taken evidence
of 566 witnesses. One of the leading
counsel, M. Smakoff. handed his' brief
to ; a colleague because he was jepm
pellcd to go to Moscow on official
business. This gave rise to a report
that the counsel for the defens^had
thrown" up their briefs and that the
prosecuting counsel were expected 0 to
do likewise because of. the alleged re
fusal of the court to 'interrupt the
trial and ' undertake a . fresh prelim
inary investigation in order to dis
cover the real culprits. ':
' Reports from Kishinev say that the
investigation is a very thorough one,
the "judges visiting the scenes of the
outrages in the company of counsel
for both sides. The other trials" in
connecttsn with*, the massacre -;.have
been postponed until January. *.?••''
Investigation Is to Be Thorough and
the Judges Will Visit the Scene
of the Crimes. -
TAKING EVIDENCE ON
KISHINEV MASSACRE
Adolph von Ilnuzemnnn Passes Away.
BERLIN, Dec, 9.— Adolph von Hauze
mann, head of the Disconto . Gesells
chaft, is dead. ...
LEXINGTON, Ky., Dec. 9.— Professor
H. H. White, aged 82, former president
of the Kentucky University and later
professor of mathematics in the same
college, died to-dayi- . . •
Death Claims Mnthcmntician.
WASHINCfON. Dec. 0. — Jamos K. Jones.
chairman of the Democratic National Commit
tee to-day issued a' call for the committee to
mei-t In the Ehoreham Hotel In this city on
January 12 to dectdp upon the time and place
for the Democratic National Convention.
NAPA, Dec. 9.— John P. Ames, a
news agent, dropped dead this, morn
ing. Ames had been in poor health for
more than a year and because. of ill
ness he gave up the mapacement of
the To-Kalbn vineyards. Seeing a good
business opening in Napa, he purchased
the newspaper agency and took charge
of the business November 1. Deceased
leaves a wife and three children; • ¦
Death of a Xapa News Agent.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9.— Suit was in
stituted to-day In behalf of the State
against the California Fish Company to
show cause why the corporation should
not forfeit its franchise for wharf privi
leges covering 600 feet frontage on San
Pedro Bay, for failing to comply with
the requirements of the franchise.
. "In declaring, that a Russo-Japanese
settlement is immediately at hand, the
diplomats base their opinions on the
well-established fact that during three
weeks there has been an exceedingly
active exchange of telegrams between
Tokio and Washington, .which suddenly
stopped two days ago. The diplomats
conclude from ' this circumstance that
the Governments' of ] the; United States
and Japan had been engaged in highly
important negotiations regarding pos
sible common action against Russia,
and that the negotiations have been
concluded. Whether they led to posi
tive results or simply disclosed the im
possibility of reaching, an agreement,
the diplomats expect to ascertain from
Washington or Tokio."
'Editorially, the National Zeitung says
It does . not >xpect that the United
States will seriously oppose Russia,
"which has beeri-acting as peacemaker
for American commerce." ,
The National Zeitung, which has re
cently published a number of accurate
telegrams from St. Petersburg, to-day
printed the following from. St. Peters
burg, under -yesterday's date: ' • ; .
BERLIN. Dec. 9.— The Foreign Office
has not been informed of the details
of the Russo-Japanese negotiations;
but It regards the 1/eslc for the under
standing, as cabled from St. Peters
burg yesterday, : as being within the
possibilities, and the officials here re-'
main firmly convinced that a settle
ment will be reached.
UNITED STATES ACTIVE.
Lively Exchange of Cablegrams Be
tween Tokio and Washington. j
HELENA;, Mont:, Dec. 9.— The Legis
lature to-day completed the considera
tion of three of the four judicial bills
introduced in the House and Senate.
This afternoon the Senate receded from
its amendments to the House change
of venue bill, and the bill was enrolled
and signed by the Speaker of the
House. hTe disqualifiaction of judge
bill was also enrolled and signed by
the Speaker.
The Senate bill providing for a re
view of the facts as well as the law by
the. Supreme Court passed the House
with but four votes in the negative.
The only judicial bill yet remaining to
be acted upon in the House is the Sen
ate bill providing for the payment of
costs where a change of venue is had.
This bill has gone to the House Judi
ciary Committee and will be reported
back to-morrow. There is one more
billyet to be acted upon by the House
and 1 Senate, and: that is one providing
•additional help in a State office. It is
thought the' Legislature will adjourn
not later than Friday, provided the ac
tion "of the Governor on, the bills is
known, by that time/
Lower Body Completes' Consideration
of Three Measures and Session
May Adjourn at End of Week.
MONTANA HOUSE ACTS^
ON JUDICIAL BILLS
MEMPHIS. Dec. 9.— Mrs. Lizzie Mc-
Cormick, who was arrested here sev
eral months ago. at the instlsatic-n of
the Cincinnati police on a charge of
having sent a bottle of poisoned whis
ky by express to a woman in that city,
resulting in the death of an express
man, was discharged to-day in the
Criminal Court upon recuest of the
"prosecuting attorney, who announced
that he could not get witnesses to come
here from Ohio.
Alleged Poisoner Goes Free.
CUMBERLAND, Md.. Dec. 9.— At a
meeting of delegates representing the
various locals in the Myersdale (Pa.)
region of the United Mine Workers it
was decided to-day not to accept the
pro-posed reduction of 10 cents per ton
for mining. coal. A strike of 3000 min
ers and mine workers seems inevitable.
3IIners Reject Wase Reductions.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 9.— Machim
Brown, builder, made an assignment
to-day. Liabilities, $311,000; assets,
more than $1,000,000. Sympathetic
strike* and inability to dispose of pre
ferred Etock and bonds of apartment
houses are eiven as the cause of as
signment.
Attributes Failure to Strikes.
"The police arrested Attarian at the
quay; whereupon Davis, aided by his
military couriers, struck, the policemen,
.who were wounded in the faces, and
afterward attempted to' force an en
trance into the guardhouse, breaking
windows and doors, but unavailingly.
Thereupon Davis threatened that unless
Attarian was released and allowed to
embark within four hours he would him
self leave. Not. recelving<satlsfaction.
Davis embarked for Beirut on the same
steamer Attarian tried to takfr."
"Attarian, a native of Kharput, who
has for some years been abroad, re
cently re-entered the country secretly
and has been traveling in the interior
with a Turkish passport. On his ar
rival lately at Alexandretta Attarian
claimed the protection of the Ameri
can Consul and asked for his assist
ance to enable him to embark for
Egypt. Davis accordingly notified the
authorities, but the latter insisted that
the sanction of the Governor must be
obtained and that the usual formali
ties be carried out, such as photograph
ing Attarian. Davis refused to tolerate
the delay and attempted to embark At
tarian by. force.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 9.— The
Turkish official report of incidents at
Alexandretta complained of by the
United States Consul, W. R. Davis, has
been telegraphed here by the Governor
of Beirut. Syria, as follows:
Statement Given by Constanti
nople Authorities Concern
ing Recent Armenianlncident
TURK'S VERSION
BLUES DAVIS
JAPANESE MINISTERS WHO
POSSIBLY MAY BE IM
PEACHED.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 9.— The cor-
Tespondence between Baron de Rosen,
Russian Minister to Japan, and Admi
ral Alexleff, Russian Viceroy in the
Far East, concerning the modifications
of the Japanese demands, was dis
patched from the Far East yesterday.
Owing to the time taken in transmission
of the correspondence, the submission
of the Japanese negotiations may be
delayed several days.
James D. Davidson, United States
Consul at Tamsui, Formosa, who is
here on his way home after four
months of extensive traveling in-Man
churia, gathered much valuable infor
mation, seme of which corrects the
misapprehensions concerning Manchu^
ria now current in Europe. He found
Manchuria, especially the Idahuo val
ley, is very fertile and has a dense
Chinese population. Much money, the
Consul says, is being spent between
Vladivostok and Port Arthur, in the
erection of many permanent buildings.
None of these buildings, however, is
on the East China Railway,- as has
been reported. Traffic between Port
Arthur and Vladivostok is very heavy,
calling for the operation of thirty
trains dbily.
The Consul confirms the report that
depredations have been committed by
Chinese robbers, calling for the em
ployment of Russian troops, with - a
view of suppressing the outrages.
The reoccupation of Moukden by the
Russians, .Consul Davidson says, "con
sisted only, in the placing of forty
gruards at the gates.
Peace Negotiations Await the Receipt
of Ofllcinl Correspondence.
FURTHER DELAY* PROBABLeT
decisive, but will probably necessitate
further negotiations on the subject of
minor details. It is believed that un
less Japan's minimum demands are
virtually conceded the Cabinet at To
kio may decline any amendments. In
any case, a section of the Japanese
Diet is expected to attempt to impeach
the Cabinet for its apparent lack of
aggressiveness, but the result is doubt
ful, as the Government can dissolve the
House if the opposition threatens to
embarrass its foreign policy.
japan Is calmly awaiting Russia's re
ply, ready to end the suspense one way
or the other, but resolved not to yield
a feature of her present moderate
stand.
Continued From Pago 1, Column 7.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. — Senator
Hoar to-day introduced the following
resolution:
"Resolved, That the President be
requested, if not in his judgment in
compatible with the public interest,
to communica .te to the Senate such
facts : : asMnay .'. e in hi3 possession, or
in that of any of the executive depart
ments, as will show, at the time of the
ratification of the treaty with the re
public of Panama, lately communicat
ed to the Senate, that Panama had
successfully established its independ
ence, had lawfully, adopted a consti
tution and had given authority to the
persons with whom said treaty pur
ports to haye been made to organize
and ratify the same; also, the popula
tion of said republic of Panama at
that time, its capacity for self-govern
ment and the race and character of
the persons composing it; also, wheth
er the officials negotiating or ratify
ing the treaty on the part of Panama
had any personal or private interest
in or relation to the construction of
a canal across the isthmus of Pana
ma; also, whether the constitution of
the republic of Colombia authorized
the secession of Panama therefrom
and whether Colombia was prevented
by the. action of the United States or
any force under the^ jurisdiction of
the. same, from attempting to assert
its authority, or to, prevent suoh se
cession, and what instructions, if any,
had been given by, the Government of
the United States to" Isuch officers,
whether civil, military or naval, or
whether, if any. action had been taken;
by such t officers without special air
thority, what action was so taken and
whether such, action has" been ap
proved or disapproved' by the Govern
ment of the United States; also, at
what time information of any revolu
tion or resistance to . the Government
of Colombia in. Panama was received
by the Government ; of the United
States, orany department thereof, and
whether any information was received
of any " expected or intended' revolu
tion before it occurred, and the date
of sTFch information."-.
By general agreement the resolution
went over until to-morrow.
. ¦ . . •¦
Resolution of Inquiry Into United
States' Dealing AVlth Panama. /
HOAR WANTS INFORMATION.
BERKELEY, Dec. 9. — Miss Hen
rietta Welcker died at her home, 2244
Bancroft way, last night after a brief
illness. Miss Welcker was a musician
of ability and composed a march that
was recently played by the United
States Military, BapdatVWest Point.
She was the daughter of William T.
Welcker, formerly State Superintend
ent of Public Instruction, a native of
Oakland and 29 years old. ,
Talented Young Woman Dies.
A wife, one son, R. of
Colusa, and a daughter, Miss. Jennie
Held, who is in New York City,'sur
vive him. , Held lived' in San Francisco
before coming to Oakland. .
OAKLAND, Dec. 9.^-Mrs.^ Belle M.
Smith, wife of Policeman W. H. Smith,
died last night at her residence, -541
Fortieth street. The funeral will bo
held at Santa ; Rosa, .-the 'late Mrs.
Smith's former, home. -Besides -the
widower two young children aurvive.
Ernest Held, a barber, resident in
Oakland for thirty years, died at 1:45
o'clock this morning from paralysis
at his residence, 489 Orchard street.
Deaths in Oakland.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 9.— S. Brockway An
derson, former postmaster of this city
and one of the best known Grand Army
men in the county, died at his home
at 45S South Fifth street late last night.
He was a native of Tecumseh/ Mich.,
and 59 years of age. When but 16 years
of age he enlisted in the Union army
and was in some of the heaviest fight
ing, j Anderson was so young when he
enlisted he was made a bugler. At the
battle of Fredericksburg, when volun
teers were called for to cross the Rap
pahannock River on a Ta/t to dislodge
some sharpshooters, Anderson was the
first to step forward. He threw his
bugle away and grabbed a rifle from
a companion. Of the comrades that ac
companied him several were killed. The
sharpshooters were driven off and the
bugler boy was complimented for brav
ery and made quartermaster-sergeant
of his regiment.' Anderson was cap
tured at the battle of Bristow Station
and served fourteen months in Ander
sonville and^ other Southern prisons.
Anderson*"eame to San Jose in j 1868.
He served as deuuty under Postmasters
Cutler, Thomas and Clark and when
President Hayes became President he
appointed Anderson postmaster. Ten
years ago his health failed and for
the past six years he has been an in
valid. A widow and his mother, Mrs.
Elizabethi Anderson of San Francisco;
survive him.
S. Brockwiy Anderson, Former Post
master at San Jose, Passes ,
.. Away.
DEATH OF A WAR VETERAN.
NEW YORK. Dec 9.— Henry Farley,
walking delegate of the Painters*
Union, who committed perjury in con
nection with the trial of Samuel J.
Parks, pleaded gnilty to-day and was
sentenced to not^ess than one year nor
more than two years in State's prison.
Walking Delegate Sentenced.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. Dec. 9.— The Build
ing TraoVs Council has been weakened
in its fight with the Builders' Exchange
L-eague by the settlement of the dispute
between the Sheet Metal Workers and
the master tinners, and the withdraw
ing of the Hoisting Engineers from the
council. In both trades work was re
sumed to-day. The lockout against the
other building trades continues.
Bnlldins Trades Loses a Point.
CHICAGO, Doc. 9.— Ten hours a day
and no union agreements or no work
for 3n indefinite period is the ultima
tum issued Lj T three big manufacturing
concerns, members of the Fox River
Vs'.I^y Manufacturers' Association of
Northern Illinois. The three concerns
are located at Batavia, 111., and they
have 15CK) union employes. A general
strike is expected to occur on Monday.
Ten Hours or Xo Work.
Proclamations were issued to-day by
Color.el Verdeckberg, in command of
the militia, prohibiting gambling and
directing the closing of all saloons at
midnight and forbidding the sale of
liquor to soldiers.
DENVER, Dec. 9.— Orders were is
irued at the Capitol to-day for the with
drawal of 150 soldiers from Cripple
Creek, reducing the military .force there
to 500 men.
TRINIDAD. Colo., Dec. 9.— "While a
number of deputies and clerks were
driving from Berwind to Tobasco at 1
o'clock this "afternoon they were fired
upon by several men hid behind rocks
ar.d brush. The deputTes and clerks
jumped from the wagon an<l returned
the f.ro. The shooting continued at'in-
Tervals for thirty minutes, though no
one was injured. Sheriff Clark and
posse were preparing to leave for the
scene nrs a special train wh?n word
was received that reinforc-mer.ts of
, had arrived from Tobasco. half
* a mile away, and the ambushrng party
fled. No arrosts were made.
VICTOR. Colo., Dec. 2.— The black
smith shop at Sunnyside Cemetery was
blown, up and destroyed by unknown
persons this cfterr.oon. In digging
graves it is necessary to blast the rock
ard a blacksmith shop for the sharpsn
ing of drills is maintained. The cem
etery is owned by Davis & LiyJer, as
sayers. The loss is email. There is no
clew to th? crimina!s.
Mr. Coffin had resided in California
about eighteen years and during the
last few years had been interested in
the oil business. He leaves a widow.
Henry L. Coffin, secretary of the
California Stock and Oil Exchange
and one, of the leading oil brokers in
this city, died suddenly of heart dis
ease early yesterday morhiny at his
residence, 634 Sutter stree|L On Tues
day he was apparently in the best of
health and was the oil exchange as
usual; attending to his business inter
ests, j . . ,_ .'., ... ... •¦ '- ¦•,¦¦;'.¦ U
. Mr. Coffin was a member of the San
Francisco and the Tonopah Mining ex
changes. Both exchanges adjourned
yesterday morning when they learn
ed of his death.
H. E. ; Coffln Expires Suddenly at His
Residence While Apparently
Enjoying Best of Health.
Orders Issued Reducing the
Militia Force and Forbidding
Sale of Liquor to Soldiers
PROMINENT OIL BROKER
. DIES OF HEART DISEASE
The point : On the Gulf of Darien,
where the Colombian troops are re
ported to have landed is believed to
be just about on- the dividing line be
tween the territory of Panama and
Colombia and it is probable the- troopa
will not cross the border without in
structions from Bog-ota, which, in
turn, will deperfd on" the reports made
to the Colombian Government by Gen
eral Reyes^and by the two Commis
sioners, Jlminez and Blanco, who left
Washington two days ago on their re
turn to Cartagena. v
A current report is to the effect that
Colombian naval vessels are partici
pating in the movement toward the
isthmus, but it is eaid at the Navy De
partment that they are so insignificant
in power . and size that the smallest
of the warships on -the east side of the
isthmus could speedily terminate their
activity.
public of Panama. Consequently, no
Colombian troofas will be allowed to
cross the frontfer to' Panama, or, if
they- cross; they 'will be ejected in due
time. . . ' . •¦'¦¦
to the narrow strip of the right of way
across the isthmus, it has been decided
that sound military policy requires the
extension of- the protected zone to in
clude: the entire territory, of the re-
COAL STK1KE NOT ABATING
Colorado Men Shoot From
. Behind Rocks and Trees at
Party Passing in a Wagon
Continued From Pago 1, Column 4.
MADRID, Dec. 9.— Cardinal Herrero
y Espinosa, Archbishop of Valencia, is
dead, aged 81 years.
He : was created-i a Cardinal by the
late Pope Leo XIII on June 22 last.
During the'cohclave which elected Pope
Pius, Cardinal Herrero y Espinosa be
came seriously ill. On August 27 Pope
Pius conferred the red hat upon him.
FOES IN AMBUSH
FIRE ON CLERKS
BOGOTA'S ARMY
IS MOBILIZING
ON FRONTIER
FRIEND OF TWO
POPES DIES AT
ALLOTTED AGE
RUSSIAN SQUADRON THREATENS
KOREAN SEAPORT OF CHEMULPO
Warship Guns Back
Up Protest of
the Czar.
THE SAN FRANGISGO; CALL, THUKSDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1903.
2
: ;^ : ': : } ADVERTISEMENTS.
us, buy a hat. AVe have them at $1:30, $1.95; $2.50, and
$3.00. In each instance you
tt|Bflil^Bljf Golf caps with box pleats and
* *^. buVtoncd strap across the top, in
¦ ' ¦¦tHR^-*' ¦' Ntf^ light, medium and dark 'colors; for
V' **f charging as much as a- dollar for
' '^^^^^My^. . Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
/^I||L 5/J-WOOP:§>fl3
740 Market Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Gem Merchants.
Gold and Silversmiths.
Manufacturers.
POST. & MARKET
STREETS
Open Evenings
Dec. 1 2th to 24th. .
DO2TT rOEGXT THAT
ED. EVATT
FOB 22 YEAE3 WITH T. TUXTSTiT
Isat 7£> C3^df-y St.
\Vlth « fins «tock cf Di»mcfti<Sii. W«tch«.
Jewelry. Cut U^asc «nfl Solid Ellverwar*.
No more 50 t>er ce:U profit on coeds.
C< ::-.•»- tsA »ee ir.e and save money.
EVATT &.HINKLE
76 Geary Street.
OFSH EVE2TI3STGS.
I
THIS BLUE SECNATUflE
{BEVVAflE OF -JUST AS GOGDs\
A33VEBTISEME1TT5. ' ' . '
€ATARRH FOFT TEN YEARS;
Pe-ru-na Made a Prompt and Permanent Cure.
Prison Guard ! )
Saved by Pe-ru-na. ¦ j %
Mr. Chas. S. Many. 12 Water street. > |!Wm'! f|
Oss!ninp. N. Y., writes: I fggtk 2| ffieWN ApA (S]l£ Vi ill
"I have had catarrh fir tha last ten . f//*^/j')>^^^Jl|||^^^m '1/
years and have tried a great many kinds I im^S^f^Pj^^^r^Ly^
of medicines which cost me a lot of money, I gff&&| aWra^l|||v\ \
but did me no gzod ; instead of getting I WfW^^Si Jf/Wi \M j£m \ \
better, I seemed to bo gatting worse. My 1 W^^WiMm^IjOWv
eyes were bloodshot, my nose smelted so \&W$fi¥lr 'WvK Al
bad that I wes ashamed to go in company. I 'Jj&H&wllypi
/ was niqht guard at the prison and I would j '^^M WmPS S \ ixx 1
g-it so dizzy that I would have to catch §&§$/ Writ' |V\|
hold of something to keep from falling. I £$$0 tScml V
read about Peruna in the N. Y. World, end P@ftf A I
thought I would give it a trial. I used W^jT \S*&\\ I »
about ten bottles and / am cured of catarrh, WMf l^^t '1
and the dizzy fee ing hasJeft me and I am l^^sf «§Kv\ j t
not bothsred with it any more. I keep SfrBfri irv
Peruna in the house, and when I feel a cold v^ l»^.il tk\^\ i/4
coming on I take a little bit cf it and it does y f*£$j/ J(W =s /$£ *
STRAIGHT COURSE JA\ L^^
Pointed Out to Those Who Have Ca >«'
tarrh In any Form. than this stubborn cascs may requlre
Ycu have chronic catarrh, have you? longer treatment. Time or trouble oucht
j You have had it some time? And could to \, 0 no barrier to one afflicted with this
{ rot flr.d a cure? . dreadful disease.
| Wei), there are thousands more like people who are interested in knov.--
you In this country. If you are liable to i ns about catarrh can get an instruqtive-
"catarrh it will, begin to make itself felt \ y illustrated 64-paRo book on chronic
now. If you really want to get cured catarrh In all stages and locations, frea
thi3 is the wpv to do it °^ charge.
r, ISnf feuna uniT tak* a Thomas H. Baker. U. S. Marshal. Ten-
.Get. a .bottle .of. Peruna and take a nessee Editor of Tennessee Republican.
tablespoonful between each meal and at postofflce address Memphis. Ter.n, writes:
S d^ en sird U ownn C d° n wS d a 8JS ! *g "T^ 3 ",
tertoDr. Hartman. Columbus. O.' Tell re'.ef to tAes* suffering »itA catarrAs/
him -exactly your symptoms; how long Inubles because of its successful use by
you have had catarrh; what effect the many of my acquaintances, that I ham no
medicine has had on you. He will answer hesitation in giving it my endorsement.' —
your letter promptly, telling you what TAomas H. Baker. \' '."•
to do further. He will make no charge. if you do not derive prompt «tSd satls-
i And if you "will continue to write to the factory reaults from the use of Peruna,
! doctor you are sure to get cured. Some write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving *
...„, tak p innirer than others Perhans ful1 statement of your case and he will
cases taKe longer than otners - perhaps fo pleased to give you his valuable ad-
the average length of time It takes to v ice gratis.
j cure a genuine case of catarrh is three Address' Dr. Hartman. President of The
months. Some get cured much quicker Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
Ask your Druggist fora free Peruna Almanac for 1904.Pyrography outfits and things. to. burn
In wood or leather at the artist material
department of Sanborn, Vail & Co. -•'-
Scott Not Out for Hanna Votes.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— Senator
Scott of West Virginia denies. the re
port to the effect that he is trying to
secure a delegation from his State for
Uanna for President.
Chicago Wants Convention.
- CHICAGO. Dec. 9.— The Chicago dele
gation of fifty, which , will. try. to
ture the Republican National Coriven
tlo'n for this city, left for, Washington
to-day, headed by President James Jay
Sheridan of tthe Hamilton Club.
ANN ARBOR, ; Mich.; Dec. 9.—Rus
sell McWilliams, a junior literary stu
dent at the University, of Michigan,
and a son of Harry McWilliams, a
wholesale dry goods merchant* of .Kan
sas City, Mo., committed suicide to-^
day, the result of overstudy. He? en-'
tered the university at the'nge of lu.\
Overstudy the Cause of Suicide.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— Payne,
chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means, reported when the House
convened to-day a resolution provid
ing for the : reference : of" the Presi
dent's message to acommlttee and the
House went fnto committee of the
wholo.' with Biirkett, of Nebraska "in
the chair, for its consideration. The
resolution, amended so 'as to give the
Committee on Foreign Affairs jurisdic
tion over matters relating to Cuba,
Payne explaining that .his committee
recommended this because Cuba now
was a republic, was favorably reported
to the whole House and adopted with
out debate or "division. •
House Takes Up the Message.
WASHINGTON, , Dec. 9. — President
Roosevelt has decided to / appoint
Thomas J. Akins, chairman of the
Republican State Central Committee
of Missouri, to be -assistant United
States Treasurer at St. Louis: General
G. H. Farrier, the present sub-treas
urer, notified Secretary • Shaw several
days ago of hia withdrawal from the
contest. . ' ' .
Thomas Aklns ' to Be Chosen.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. — The Inter
state Commerce Commission has de
cided that the defendants in the case
of George J. KIndel and the Denver
Chamber of Commerce against the
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
road et al. are justified in maintain
ing lower rates from the Pacific Coast
to Missouri River points than to Den
ver on rice; hemp, baking powder,
blankets, books, boot and shoe heels,
chocolate and extracts, but that the
rates should not be higher on the other
commodities involved.
Santa Fc Wins Its Fight on Freight
3Iatters Against the Denver
Chamber of Commerce.'
31 AY' CHARGE HIGHER |
RATES OX BOOT HEELS
SALT LAKE CITY, Dec. 9.— A pri
vate telegram received here to-day an
nounces the death at Hot Springs, Ark..
of E. D. Williams, assistant to the gen
eral superintendent of the Denver and
Rio Grande Rai'road. Williams' death
was due to paralysis, brought on by
an injury he received about four
months ago. Williams was 38 years
old. and had been connected with Utah
railroads for many years.
Paralysis Fatal to Railroad Man.
Football Rooters Will Come West.
MINNEAPOLIS. Dec. 9. — The larg
est "rooting" expedition ever made in
connection with college football will
take a hundred or so Minnesota en
thusiasts across the continent to see
the Minnesota-California game in San
Francisco <¦ on 'New Year's day. Uni
versity students to the number of forty
have already secured •tickets to the
game. O'-i ¦<'-¦
SHOOTS HIS FRIEND
WHO TRIED TO DESERT
Private Thomas Barton of the Second
Infantry Attempts to Escape and
Is Wounded by Companion.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Dec. 9.— Private
Thomas Burton of Company E, Second
Infantry, U. S. A., who was In citizens'
clothes and is said to have been at
tempting to desert, was shot and dan
gerously, wounded by Private George
Hood. Hood was a warm personal
friend of the man he shot.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich., Dec. 9.— The
reading of Lant K. Salsbury's testi
mony against Alderman Johnson at his
examination on the charge of bribery
in connection with the sensational
Michigan water deal was taken f up to
day in the Police Court. Salsbury was
present In court and made a few cor
rections as the testimony was read.
At the conclusion of the reading of
Salsbury's testimony the Johnson case
was adjourned until Monday. 'This dis
poses of all the examination in the Po
lice Court until Friday, when the Mc-
Cool case comes up for disposition.
The next term of the Superior Court,
to which the respondents are bound
over for trial, begins next Monday.
Testimony of Complaining Witness In
Grand Rapids Bribery Case 15 Read
on Charge Against Alderman.
SALSBURY'S STORY IS
RETOLD IX COURT
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.— The following
Calif ornians are registered here: From
San Francisco, R. D. Jackson at the
Normandie, E. L. Kohlberg at the Bel
videre, M. Marx at the Hotel Imperial,
Mrs. W. J. Somers at the Manhattan,
Mrs. T. T. Williams, Miss H. Williams
at the Holland, T. Albarda and wife
at the Normandie, S. J. Newman at the
Grand Union, R. E. Wheeler at the
Astor House, Mrs. Richardson at the
Herald Square.
Callfornlans in New York.
Dr. Walter Dill Scott Says Red Lights
Are Responsible for the
Depravity of Chicago.
CHICAGO, Dec. 9.— A new scheme of
reforming Chfcago's red light district
has been suggested by Dr. Walter Dill
Scott, professor of psychology at the
Northwestern University, in an addres*
to his class. "Change the color of il
lumination in those sections," said he,
"andthere would doubtless be a change
in the morals of the community. Red
light has a peculiar effect upon thc3*
constantly in its presence.*
"Professor John Qulncy Adams citea
instances where a photographic factory
in France, illuminated with red light,
became so demoralized by the hilarity
of the workingmen and women that the
color of the light had to bs changed,
with the result that all became orderly
once more."
CHANGE THE COLOR
r- A>'D BETTER MORALS
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. — The Mari
time Association's committee appointed
to Investigate ocean shipping, reported
progress to the association to-day and
asked for an extension of time for its
investigation.
"We; find," says the committee,
"that despite the quadrupling of for
eign commerce, American tonnage un
der register has declined from 2,496,
894 tons in 1S61 to 873,235 last year,
and. that. while American vessels car
ried 72.1 per cent of our exports In
1861 they carried only 6.6 per cent
last year." VV- .
The committee also says: "We find
that American vessels engaging in our
ocean trade are to-day compelled to
meet more serious and more destruc
tive competition than ever before,
largely through the vast subsidies and
bounties that foreign Governments are
now paying to their' merchant ships.
We realize that the purposes for which
these subsidies and bounties are paid
to their merchant ships by foreign
Governments are chiefly military — in
order that there shall be available
auxiliary cruisers, scouts, transports,
colliers, supply ships and such other
vessels, with their trained and experi
lenced officers and men, as are essen
tial to the uses of the Governments
in time of war. And we further real
ize that unprecedently low freight
rates^ resulting from these subsidies
and bounties received by foreign mer
chant ships render successful and
profitable competition on the part of
the United States vessels, built in the
United . States and officered and
manned by our own citizens, absolute
ly Impossible."
"After ; a. 'number : of ; other : professions
of ignorance Perkins was turned , over
to Guthrie'; f or, , cross-examinatibn.-
Guthrie asked two, questions about the
Sheldon syndicate and ; on Perkins-as
serting his lack of information" the wit
ness , was excused 'and > the : hearing
closed N until 'of '. next vweek,
when Steele probably will" be called.
At ; the clo3e of the hearing the • Mor-[.
gari-He rjea 'j letterjj and \ inelosure .were
refused -; to the v press luntir- the; court
should have passed upon r their admia
sibillty. ; - — ,
Perkins professed ignorance on many
points, saying the negotiations
had been in the hands of Steele,. an
other of the partners.
The Harris,; Gates & Co. agreement
of August 11, 1902,, that the sale of the
Morgan and Schwab stock should 'pre
cede the sale of the rest, was men
tioned, but Perkins said that ' he ~ had
never seen' the agreement. Steele had
told him that there. was an agreement,
but he';(Perkiris) had not discussed -it
with- others/ nor had he anything to do
with Its '¦ negotiation.
j.J. P. Morgan, : he. testified, kriewnoth
irig,~ to witness' knowledge, of the ship
building ' deal ' during'its . progress, and
was not . Informed of ; the negotiations
during his stay, In] Europe., . .
"But what information did you or
Morgan & Co. have of the value of the
stock you were taking in part payment
or of the value of the plants included
in the combination?" Untermyer asked.
Perkins replied that, so . far as he.
knew, "no investigation on this point
was made by Morgan & Co."
Untermyer was not.satisfled with the
word "investigation," and insisted on
an answer-in regard to "any informa
tion or knowledge of the shipbuilding
plants or their values."
Perkins insisted that he personally
had no knowledge on July 30, when the
cable was sent, of the plants, their
value or their earnings, and had no
concern with the shipbuilding transac
tion, nor did he, on August 12, when
the sale of Bethlehem was closed, have
any such knowledge to give him an
idea of the valueof the securities taken
in part payment.
Asked about Dresser, Nixon and
Pajn, . Perkins declared that he had
known them only in a general way up
to the time of the sale of the Bethlehem
plant and that he did not know that
Pam was ' representing Schwab. Dres
ser, in asking for the loan,, was speak
ing as president of the Trust Company
of the Republic, Perkins had consid
ered.' but he had not interested himself
in the question of whether that trust
company was responsible to the extend
of $2,000,000. '
McCook then askeU that the Paris
branch be informed that Schwab, Nix
on. Dresser and others were interested
in the company, that the properties
were valuable, and that the men in
terested were recommended. Perkins
consented to send a cablegram on July
30, to the purport that "Mr. Schwab
and his friends are interested in :thc'
new shipbuilding plant and would be
very glad" to have the Paris house
"take as cordial an Interest in it as is
consistent. '.,
Perkins did not recall that Colonel
McCook told him anything of the con
dition of the French underwriting or
why the recommendation was desired.
Perkins was asked what he knew of
the shipbuilding compa'hy at the time
of the sale of the Bethlehem plant, and
replied that he knew very little about
it, but the contract for. the sale pro
vided that Morgan & Co. would receive
the actual amount of cash advanced
for the Bethlehem company, the $5,000,
000 stock being taken In lieu of all
profits and interest on the investment.
Morgan & Co. were- by this contract
also to have a legal option on the or
ganization of the shipbuilding com
pany.
A copy of the Alexander letter in
closed in the Morgan, Harjes & Co. let
ter was marked for identification.
Perkins was then asked to tell in de
tail how he came to cable to Paris the
message introduced yesterday, refer
ring to the interest of "Mr. Schwab and
his friends ' in the shipbuilding com
pany. He tcld of three requests made
by Colonel McCook of /Alexander &
Green, the first asking that Morgan, &.
Co. cable to their Paris house an in
dorsement o£ the shipbuilding company.
This was refused.
Guthrie characterized this statement
as "almost indecent" and the lie was
passed on both sides. Guthrie speaking
of "deliberate falsehood" on the part
of Untermyer, who retorted in terms
equally strong.
The first "question showed that this
letter inclosed a copy of a letter sent
by C. B. Alexander of Alexander &
Green to Morgan, Harjes & Co., and
over the identification and admission
of this copy another protest was made
by Counsel Guthrie for the defense.
Guthrie repeated this protest against
this letter being given to the press,
evoking a warm reply from Counsel
Untermyer, who declared that he did
not propose to submit to any more
"dyspeptic behavior" on the part of
counsel, saying Guthrie had himself
given out unintroduced testimony for
publication and making a formal
statement before the exaVniner in re
gard to Guthrie's protests about public
ity.
George W. Perkins of the firm of J.
P. Morgan & Co. resumed his testi
mony, his presence on the stand renew
ing the interest In the case. At the
opening Guthrie restored to the files In
the case the copy of the Morgan,
Harjes & Co. letter which he took
away with him yesterday, thereby pre
venting its publication, and Counsel
Untermyer resumed the examination on
this subject.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.— A sharp, tilt
between counsel enlivened the opening
of the United States Shipbuilding Com
pany hearing to-day. Guthrie charac
terized a statement by Untermyer as
"almost. Indecent," and the latter re
torted in warm terms.
Army orders: J. J. E. Baxter, quar
termaster, assigned to transport
Sherman, relieving Captain Robert L.
Brown, who is ordered to the Philip
pines.
Navy order: Lieutenant Colonel Dr.
I. S. K. Reeyes, from the New York
to his home to await, orders.
WASHINGTON, , Dec. 9.— The fol
lowing orders were' issued to-day:
Postoffice established — Oregon — Ir
rigon, M6rrow County, Frank P. Hol
brook postmaster.
Postofrlce discontinued January 15
— California — Alcalde, Fresno County;
mail to Coalinga.
Postmasters commissioned — Califor
nia — William J. Stewart', Gold Run;
Joseph M. Sims, Port Hanford; Ed
ward P. Wright, Hoaglin.
Fourth-class postmaster appointed
— California — Ralph de V. Emery,
Holt, San Joaquin County, .vice Susie
Atwood, resigned.
Free delivery service will be estab
lished at Palo Alto, Cal., March 1,
1904. .
Palo Alto Gets- Free Delivery Service
and Other Changes in California
Are Ordered.
A brief in behalf of the Great North
ern Railway Company was filed by M.
D. Glover, who says that' the stock of
the Burlington Railway was acquired
in order to give the Great Northern
and the Northern Pacific access to im
portant productive centers, necessary
to place them on the proper footing
with other transcontinental lines. He
asserts that good service at low rates
is assured by the arrangements. "The
unity of ownership of their shares has
not," he said, "restrained the com
merce of either, and the extent to
which such unity can restrain it is as
nothing compared with the great in
crease in volume of interstate and in
ternational commerce which was in
tended and which will result from the
carrying out of the enterprise of the
two companies in the purchase of the
Burlington stock and the preservation
of the purchase."
.' . m « '•
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
As construed and applied by the Circuit
Court the antl-tron act Is unconstitutional
In that it discriminates between Dirsong in
the matter of property rights and privileges
on ground? that are purely arbitrary and with,
out Justification in reason.
The decree of the Circuit Court transcended
the authority of the court under the statute.
No indirect or remote effect of thtse lawful
transactions % upon competition between the
railway companies could bring them within
the Federal anti-trust law. The construction
claimed would make the statute unconstitu
tional, because it would HeprJve the securities
company of its property without due process
of law.
These transactions have "consisted merely In
the organization of a lawful corporation of
New Jersey and In the sale to and purchase
by it of property lawfully salable. All acts
done in relation to the organization of the
Northern Securities Company and to the pur
chase by It of the share* of stock of the rail
way companies and to the sale thereof by the
owners were expressly authorized by Jaw.
The legal effect of the transaction has been
that the owners of the stock In one of the
railway companies have sold the same to the
securities company and have receive'! therefor
stock of the securities company, which com
pany owns the stock not merely of cne of the
railway companies, but the stock of both. So
that each individual who has transferred his
property to the securities company has ob
tained therefor Eomerhlng entirely different,
namely, an Interest In a" company holding
stock of the other railway company as well.
It is manifest that In the fullest possible
manner this constituted a sale of tho property.
Other reasons for this position are
the following:
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— A brief In
behalf of Messrs. J. P. Morgan, Robert
Bacon and Daniel S. Lamont, ap
pellants, with others, in the case of
the United States vs. the Northern Se
curities Company, was filed In the
United States Supreme Court to-day
by Attorneys Francis L. Stetson and
David Wilcox. They declare that the
so-called merger was entirely . lawful
and say:
try.' "
Morgan stopped . speaking at 4:03
o'clock and the Senate went into ex
ecutive session and ten minutes later
adjourned. ' '/ '
Morgan said that only yesterday he
had met a great Democrat who had
"had a place in our affairs only second
In importance to the Presidency and
had made a name for himself in diplo
macy (evidently meaning former Sec
retary of State Olney), who had bowed
his head as he said: "For the first time
in my life I have to confess that I am
ashamed of the attitude of my coun-
Morgan said that his whole purpose
was to warn the Senate against ratify
ing a treaty, the negotiation of which
he characterized as "a. most wretched,
a most abominable and a most horri
ble transaction." Notwithstanding this
was the case, the Senator continued,
"the Senate sleeps over this breach of
the Monroe doctrine, while the Presi
dent of France and the President of
the United States stand over the re
cumbent figure and intone in unison
their solemn and satisfied amen."
Mr. Morgan said that Cuba would
do well to give careful heed to our
purposes in the legislation under con
sideration. They should not forget the
old adage not to look a gift horse In
the mouth. "For in this case the gift
horse is a bronco which greets them
with a whinny and may send them
away with a kick."
Returning to the Panama situation.
Morgan said that the United States
was practically at war with Colombia,
as the result of the fact that the Presi
dent had fallen Into a trap. He want
ed, he said, to save the Senate from
this same trap. He again referred to
Bunau-Varilla, the Panama Minister,
and, after reviewing briefly that gen
tleman's history as an engineer and
contractor on the Panama canal, said
that he had "contracted wisely and
well, and had left the isthmus a^rich
man."
"He came." the Senator continued,
"as a swift winged messenger of false
hood dispatched on his mission by the
Panama Canal Company."
So far as the concession made to
Cuba in this bill is concerned, he
said, it would not be regarded by the
Cubans in anything but a serious light,
whatever the result may be.
"The Cubans will not," he said, "re
gard it as a ludicrous act in a French
vaudeville, but will accept It seri
ously." •
WARNING TO CUBANS.
He spoke of the negotiation of the
Panama canal treaty as a grotesque
act and declared that Panama had "no
more right to appoint a Minister to the
United States than that country had
to consecrate a saint."
Morgan took occasion to refer fre
quently to the Panama canal treaty
and in that connection again freely
criticized what he called "Presidential
usurpation." He declared that the
United States was becoming affected
to the core by covetousness, and he
said the country seemed to be quiver
ing with doubt as to whether it should
go over entirely or pursue -the better
coyjse followed by our national fore
fathers. .So far as he was concerned,
he would not be so mean as to yield
to a temptation simply to advance the
commercial interests of his State. He
asserted that the United States would
do as it might please with the island
of Cuba, and added:
"J5he is now fettered to the decks of
our warships as firmly as Professor
Langley's airship was ever attached to
his houseboat."
MORGAN' OX CAXAJj TREATY.
Teller, in resuming his speech on the
Cuban bill, took up the question of the
activity of General Wood, while acting
as Governor of Cuba, in behalf of Cu
ban reciprocity with the United States.
He said there were official records to
show that the Cuban Government had
paid to exceed $15,000 in that Interest
during General Wood's administration.
He declared that the press of both the
United States and Cuba had been util
ized in supporting the policy of reci
procity and quoted figures showing the
amounts paid for newspapers advocat
ing this policy.
In conclusion, Teller said the five
year clause could have no weight, be
cause no legislative body could bind
the act of a future body. That clause
was put in as ja. sop, Teller said.
WASHINGTON, Doc. 9.— Senator
Teller concluded his speech in oposi
tion to the Cuban reciprocity bill to
day and Senator Morgan also was
heard in opposition to that measure.
The Alabama Senator devoted the
greater share of his attention to the
Panama canal question. He charged
that the United States had broken
faith in failing to obey the Spooner
law, and warned Cuba that the same
course might be followed by us toward
that country in case the pending bill
should become a law.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— When the
Wood investigation was resumed to
day, more than an hour was con
sumed in discussing some of the evi
dence submitted yesterday and also the
question of summoning witnesses asked
for by opponents of General Wood. .
Colonel Edgar S. Dudley, prefessor of
law and history • at West Point Mili
tary Academy", who was Judge Advo
cate General in Havana during Gen
eral Wood's administration as Gover
nor-General, 1 to-day submitted a copy
of his opinion, rendered In Havana at
the 'request of General. Wood concern
ing the application of the Jal Alal
Company for a concession to operate
an amusement amphitheater. This opin
ion declared that the concession should
not'be granted, on the ground that it
would be a violation of the Foraker
amendment.
The committee decided that Colonel
Dudley would not be needed again, and
General Tasker H. Bliss was recalled.
General Bliss said, in answer to ques
tions, that he strongly opposed the ad
mission without the payment of .duty
of the silver service purchased in New
York by the Jai Alal. He received
mandatory instructions from General
Wood to admit the silver service, howr
ever, and obeyed them.
HAVANA, Dec. 9.— The House of
Representatives to-day continued the
discussion • of the bill for the annul
ment of. the contracts made by General
Wood with the church authorities in
190V under which $190,000 is to be paid
annually for five years as the rental
of a number of buildings occupied by
the Government of Havana and in
other towns. The opponents of the
measure contend that the contracts
cannot be annulled. : .V '
In many States radical changes in
the water right laws will have to be
made before irrigation projects can be
undertaken under the act. Nevada al
ready hks charged her laws in con
formity with the act. It has devel
oped, continues the report, that the
States having the largest .fund are
those In which irrigation is least im
portant. A detailed report of the field
operations in progress is included in
the reoort.
Contracts have been let for three sec
tions of the work on the Truckee canal
in Nevada, and also on the Salt River
i:i Arizona. The policy has been.
..a report says, to divide the work .into
Email ucits, so as to engage a large
lumber of contractors and encourage
competition.
"The director has stated that a prac
tical application of the provisions of
the law during the one and one-half
years of its existence has shown them
effective, and that so far as can be
foreseen at the present time no further
legislation is required, the present law
having been found to be of such scope
as to accomplish its purpose of recla
mation." .
The report 6hows that while exam
inations and surveys have been made
on all sections of the arid region, Ne
vada is the only State where actual
construction has begun and Arizona
the only Territory. In other States and
Territories plans and specifications are
in various stages of progress and the
work is . being pushed. Criticism has
arisen in some quarters because the
law is not sufficiently elastic to author
ire various small projects of individual
interests and to permit a more general
distribution of funds throughout cer
tain States. What appears to be the
slow progress of the work is also stated
to b» a matter of criticism.
The irrigation fund, accumulated
from the sale of . public lands in the
thirteen States and three Territories,
to which the irrigation act applies, now
amounts to a total of J16.191.636. This
fund has been accumulating in the
Treasury since 1901.
The question of drilling artesian wells
has been one of considerable moment,
in view of the fact that many persons
have importuned for such work, sim
ply, says the report, to develop the min
eral resources beneath the surface. A
ruling precluding such experiments has
been made on the ground that infor
mation possessed by the geological sur
vey on the subject does not warrant
the expenditure of the irrigation fund
for that purpose. Large areas of the
public lands have been withdrawn
from entry under the act pending fur
ther development.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 9— Secretary
Hitchcock transmitted to the House to
da;\ a report of the reclamation ser
vice, showing the work done and in
progress toward reclaiming arid lands
during "the season of 1903." The secre
tary says:
General Bliss Says Silver Set
Intended for Governor Was
Admitted Free of Duty
Department Has Forbidden the
Boring of Artesian Wells
for the Development of Mines
Devotes Long Speech to Denun
ciation of American Attitude
Toward the Panama Republic
Great Northern Says Burling
ton Stock Was Acquired to
Control the Best Centers
HAVANA. Dee. 9.— The Cabinet at a
meeting to-nlsht ordered the estab
lishment of a custom-house at Nueva
Gerona, the principal port of the Isle
of Pines. The (Government thus com
plied with all requirements of the
United States residents of the Isle of
Pines, with the exception of that relat
ing to the American school. It is be
lieved that the school already estab
lished by the Americans on the island
will be given Government aid. It ia
thought that these. concessions will dis
pose of much of the opposition at
Washington to the ratification of the
reciprocity treaties. ¦
• Minister Zaldo said to-day that
United States Minister Squier3 had all
along urged compliance with the rea
sonable desires of the American resi
dents, and he added that the Cuban
Government would willingly supply
such convenience as might be found
necessary for the requirements of the
new population of the island, as it re
alized that the special conditions there
required considerate treatment.
School Established by United
States Citizens Will Be Aided
by the Havana Government
Defense Repeats Its Protest
Against the Introduction of
the Morgan - Harjes Letter
TESTS SHQW
Recommendations Arc Made
That Measures of Protection
" of American fehips Be Adopted
BENEFITS
COUNTER BRIEF IS FILED
HOPES TO END OPPOSITION
MORGAN'S PARTISAN TALK
COMPETITION INCREASING
THAT JAI ALAI PRESENT
PERKINS AGAIN ON GRILL
Secretary Hitchcock Says That
Irrigation Statutes Are Ac
complishing Good Results
Concession to Havana Gambling
Company Given Despite Judge
Advocate General's Protest
Sharp Tilts Between, Counsel
Enliven Proceedings in the
Shipyards Trust Investigation
Maritime Association's Com
mittee .Presents ".'' Figures
Showing Slump in Tonnage
Complies With All Require
ments of the American Resi
dents of Her New Possession
Says Government Money Was
Spent in Working Up Senti
ment for Cuban Reciprocity
Appellants Claim Organiza
tion of Northern Securities
Is Entirely Within Law
TELLER AGAIN
ASSAILS WOOD
DECLARES LAWS
ARE EFFECTIVE
MERGER CASE
IN LAST COURT
CUBA PLACATES
ISLE OF PINES
WOOD IGNORES
LEGAL OPINION
ASKS SUBSIDIES
FOR OUR SHIPS
LIE IS PASSED
BY ATTORNEYS
THE, S^N :FRANGISGO: ; :CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER^ 10,, 1903.
3
SB. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
" / thank Dr. Pierce
for the kind advice
he gave when I wrote
to him."
' «T «e» thankful to the friend who first recom-
mended vonr taedicUe," write* Mrs. Annie M.
Eroot. ©if SmitbfjeH. Psyette Co., Pa. -We
b»»e a twelve pound babr, three weeks old. I
took three bottle* of •tvnxil* Prescription*
before baby came, and the time was only one
. boer and a half. Hare had. fire children, and
. before this el ways had a •erere time. USling two
cr three days, and nerer w« able to do bar
work for about two months afterward. Wow I
&u doing all the work for four children. My
Wends «ay I look better new than erer before.
We told one of my risler* t6 take Favorite
Prescription,* which «ne did, and when her
child was born the time of •nfferins: was rery
ehort. fefce has betttr hrstth now than since
• bcr mamaffe, tone rears • ago. We cannot
praise Dr. rierce'a meckiaes enough. I thank.
5r. Pierce for 4k* kind adrice he cave when I
• wrote to him. Whenerer I see other women
Buffrrint I tell them about yonr wonderful
medicines."
The benefits resultinjr from a consulta-
tion by letter with Dr. Pierce are testified
' to by thousands of grateful women who
" have bten made new women by his med-
ical advice end fatherly counsel given
cbsolutejy without cost or fee.
Sick «nd ailing women, especially
tlioss safiering from chronic diseases, are
invited to consult Dr. Pierce, by letter,
frer. All correspondence ' is held as
strictlv private ana sacredly confidential.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription is
the best medicine for the cure of woman-
ly ills. It establishes regularity," dries
ireakening tlrains, heals inflammation
aud uiccration and cures female weak-
ness. It is the best preparative for
tnstcrnity, g'mng the mother strength to
«ive her child, and making the baby's
advent practically painless.
I>r. Pierce'e Favorite Prescription con-
tains no alcohol and is entirely free from
cpiosi, cocaine and all other narcotics.
The Common Sense Medical Adviser,
100S large pages, in paper covers, is sent
free on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to
psy expense of mailing cnly. Address
£>r. IL V. Pierce. Buffalo, N. Y.
The pour had better buy
Schilling's Best than low-price
stuff made.to humor and cheat
them.
Your grocer's; "ixioneyback.
¦ ,- . ' ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. •
I Fancy Vests for Presents
¦ A fancy vest is a very" useful addition to a man's wearing apparel, and it makes his suit look l\
9 different, even though ! he merely, wears vests' of ~- different cc!ors. All' good dressed men have a t\
¦ \:e\v fancy vests of different shades in tl.eir wardrobes." j.j
jl /For the holiday season. we have just received from our workshops a line of fancy vests in the Ijjfj
j very newest styles, colors, and patterns." The prices arc $2.50, $3.00 These are maker-to-y I h;!
H ; wearer;- prices; otherwise the vests would cost you from $4.00 to* $5.00. The; materials are mercer--- kl*j
¦ jized mattings, basket weaves, piques, t homespuns, etc., in such colors as white, light tan, silver grayand iB»|
M oxford grounds, -with' harmoniously colored designs and figures. • • |j|j
|j "A fancy vest makes a very good present. It daily reminds the recipient of's'ft and giver. H^j
I Mail orders filled— J5k filT\" Merchandise Orders yf|
I customers served as \J */^" flW v/'hJ' |L«P Q? H \J for any class of goods flfj
¦ well as though they \ •*. "»' — -^ —^f :^-f /* make, good .Christmas lp|
§ bought in person. '. . gifts. . fc£j
I ¦•-¦ I 740 Market Street I I mlMinisters light Slot Machines.
SALINAS, Dec: 9.— Captain Tendall
B. . Oliver, a native of ; Maine, aged 75,
and -f tor- more then thirty-six years a
resident of Salinas, died here "last"
night. The deceased was until 1860
captain of the' steamer; New York, run
ning to Cuba. -.but< owing to disappoint
ment in a love affair hecame to ¦ Sa
linas^ where he -'lived ':¦-. the -: life of a
recluse. . • --
Death Summons a Salinas Recluse.
The December meeting of San Fran
cisco Prohibition Alliance will be held
at 132 McAllister street Thursday even
ing.' December 10, , at 7:45 o'clock, and
will.be addressed by Mrs. John Sobleski
of Los Angsles, wife of the Polish ora
tor, Colonel . Sobieski. The public is
cordially Invited to attend the meeting.
R. Foster Stone of Missouri, will arrive
In California and speak in the interest
of the Prohibition Alliance, beginning
January 15. BflBp0SfiBKa&Hi
Mrs. Sobleski to. Speak Here.
VICTORIA. B. C. Dec. 9.— Heavy fog
continues to delay salvage operations of.
the stranded British cruiser Flora on
Denman Island, .but the wreckers
meeting with better success. The sixth
attempt io haul the vessel off resulted
in the cruiser moving six feet from the
reef nearer deep water. Another at
tempt ¦will be made at high tide to-mor
row. The weather remains calm. •
Fos Delays Salvage Operations.
Hartmnn Wins Bowling Prize.
The Reliance Bowling Club members
held iheir regular weekly games at the
Eir.tracht Hall on Twelfth street "„ on
Monday. The ' games were exciting.
Chris Hartman, . the president of. the
club, was the winner, making a 'score
of 70 in the nine-pin alley. The com
plete scores weje: Chris •Hartman 70,
Harry Fisher 69/ Charles Panckbw;67,
Joseph Moore 64. Charles Sonnlcksen 69,
William Janie C5, H. B. Rye 56, William
Wielbye 66, R. Stegman 45.
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 9.— Matthew
Silva, a Portuguese, aged 57 years,
during a fit of temporary insanity this
morning shot and killed his wife, Mary
Silva, aged 40, in her home at Wood
side. Silva then rushed, out* into a
woodshed and fired two shots Into his
body and died almost, instantly, silva
had not been working lately on ac
count of sickness. He had been com
plaining of pains in his head and had
been drinking heavily.
Murderer Then Runs Into a Wood
shed In Hear of His Home and :
Commits Suicide. ; «V>:
DEMENTED] PORTUGUESE
SHOOTS AND "RILLS WIFE
Rear Admiral Ghcrardl Dying:.
STRATFORD, Conn., Dec. 9.— Rear
Admiral Bancroft Gherardi/ U. S.! N.
(retired) is dying- at his home'' here
from diabetes, complicated with neph
ritis. ' i
OAKLAND. Dec. 9.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Charles P. Nott,
,aged 31 years. Mayfleld. and Edith S.
Byxbee, 30, Fruitvale; Harry Roberts,
2S, Denver, and Gusta Boswell, 26, San
Francisco; Denny E. McDermott, 23.
and Tina E. Miller, 19. both of San
Francisco; Frederick Schiller, 37. and
Jeanne Marie Augel, 37, both of Berke
ley;. Charles Michelsen 38, and Mary J.
Waters, 26, both of rerkeley.
Marriage Licenses.
R. H." Ripley/ son . of President E. ' P.
Ripley of • the Santa Ee roaci. Is /up
from Lbs 'Angeles : and V registered at
the Grand.: '•£>-'- •
Enrique Camarena, a wealthy resident
of . Guadalajara, Mexico, and .wife ar
rived; from the South yesterday and
are registered at the Occidental.
Clarence Haydock, agent of "the. Illi
nois Central road in Los Angeles, is
staying at the Grand!'
Jared Smith, a sugar planter of Hon
olufu, arrived at the Occidental yester
day from a trip to the East.
PERSONAL .MENTION.
Major P. Snyder of Los Angeles is
at the Palace. '
Dr. W. 11. Button of Santa Rosa is
at . the Palace.
R. L.' Douglas's, acattieman of Fal
lon, New, is at. the Lick. ;
P. H. Barker, a mining man of Den
ver, is , at the California.'
J. AW. Forgeus, an «ittorney. of Santa
Cruz, , is at , the ' California.'
- James Meighan, a mining man of
Groveland, Is at the Palace.
. V. S. McClatchy, editor of the Sacra
mento Bee, is at the California. .
• Henry" Weinstock/ the- well-known
Sacramento merchant, is at the Palace.
PARIS. Dec. 9.— Victor Mercier, one
cf the directors of Ministry of Jus
tice and reporter of the Dreyfus com
mteskm. has completed his examina
tion of the documents submitted to the
commission bv j the Ministers of War
and c-f Justice. -He will now begin the
preparation of his report, which he ex
pects will be finished within another
week. M. Mercler's conclusions are not
authoritatively known, but Dreyfus*
frierd* are confident that he will advise
a revision of the case.
tion and Will Now Report.
Director McrcJcr of Ministry of .7ns-
Uce Has Finished HI? Examina-
DREYFUS IS HOPEFUL ; <*» : ¦ *
OF FAVORABLE VERDICT
Senator Clark Is III.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.— Senator Wil
liam A. Clark of Montana, who has
been ill in hJs apartments in this city
for the past five days, was operated on
for -an affect ion of the ear to-day and
will be confined to the house for at
least T.hree weeks. The. operation was
successful. ' %
.¦.•'sTANFOR^lt-TS'IVERSITT. Dec* ».— Alfr?d
Aubett Hampson "0* was elected editor In chief
of the Dally Palo Alto, the college daily, at
the election of .the- ? 8tudents h*M
to-day. • He defeated his ¦ opponent. V. W.
Powell by the vote of 412 to 182.' Hampson i
la the 'pTrtent ir.anasins editor, of ,the student k
body organ, while Powell -4» the n»w» editor. -•
TOPEK A Kan». ; Dec. ft.'-^-Thfr' annual meet •
tng of the' Atchispn. Ttoeka and Santa F»
Railway Company' will fce held her* to-mor
row. -ITour directors will! be chosen and a. vote
taken " on tome proposed amendments to t»«
by. -law«
- HILLS BORO. Tex.. Dec. ».— Tie ;- town of
Abbott, elsht mllea south, of here, was almost
wholly destroyed by fire to-day. Fifteen fiuiid
lnt:» were destroyed. Los*. J73.00O.
' Detectives -Qulgley and Shorey. re
ported t\> the Chief of Police that Mrs.
Thaler and McLean had visited Rut
ledge's saloon that evening: had quar
reled after, drinking a quantity of port
wine and that Mrs. Thaler had been
found asleep in a back room after Mc-
Lean-had left the place. "Mrs. Chris
tina Hanson, residing at -.1640 Myrtle
street, told v the police that Mrs. Thaler
had called her out of bed at 1:30
o'clock in the .morning and told her
thatvher diamond earrings had been
stolen^ The: police said the woman's
husband told 'them that Mrs. Thaler
had lost diamonds under similar cir
cumstances, in San .Francisco. No
trace of the missing gems has been
found arid no arrests, have been made.
.OAKLAND. Dec. 9.— As the result
of a -Thanksgiving day celebration
Mrs. Olivia Tha^r,. residing at 1641
Myrtle street, wife of Fred Thaler, a
contractor,' has complained to the po
lice that she is minus a pair of dla
mand earrings. :
Mrs. Thaler, entertained Charles
Rutledge.a saloon-keeper at 1442 San
Pablo avenue, and his friend, Roy Mc-
Lean of Sacramento, .at the • Thaler
residence. Mrs. Thaler claims that
after McLean departed she missed the
diamonds, which ;had. been, wearing.
It- was also claimed that the .woman
had been drugged. . ' .
Mrs. Olivia Thaler Tells Police She
Was DruggMl and Relieved of
Pair of Earrings.
LOSES HER DIAMONDS
WHILE ENTERTAINING
Earthquake Makes Windows Rattle.
1^ TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 9. — People
living in the vicinity of Enumclaw, at
the - base of Mount Tacoma,, were
startled by two distinct shocks of
carthquake r at 8 o'clock last night.
i The- vibrations apparently traveled
from east to west and were sufficiently
strong to set chairs rocking and doors
j and windows rattling. The vibrations
lasted about fifteen seconds. The sec
ond shock followed the first in less
than five seconds.; .
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.—Representa
tive Gardner of Mapsachusflts intro
duced a bill to-day, creating a commis
sion to consider and recommend legis
lation for the development of the Amer
ican merchant marine. The commission
is to be composed of the Secretary of
the Navy, the Postmaster General, the
Secretary' of Commerce and Labor and
three members each of the Senate and
House. The commission is to investi
gate and report to Congress at its next
session what legislation 13 desirable for
the development of the American mer
chant marine, commerce and incident
ally a national ocean mail 'service of
adequate auxiliary navai cruisers and
naval reserves. The investigation is to
be conducted by hearings, c
Congressman Gardner Introduces a
Bill Providing for the Develo'p- ¦
' ment of American Shipping.
PROPOSES LAW FOR
THE MERCHANT MAIUNE
It is not known whether or not Mrs.
Jane Richmond of 542% Turk street
remembered what Hamlet said at the
grave of poor Yorick— "to what base
uses we may return"— but it can be
correctly surmised that she was not
pleasantly surprised upon opening a
bureau drawer to find reposing therein
a sack containing an assortment of hu
man bones. Some time ago Mrs. Rich
mond attended an auction sale of fur
niture at the warerooms of Charles
Levy. 1135 Market street, and purchased
a bureau for $3. The furniture was sent
to her house -and it was not until yes
terday afternoon that she had occasion
to look over her purchase. Upon open
ing one of the lower drawers', the sack
containing the bones came to light. The
Coroner and police were notified and
the grewsome relics were removed to
the Morgue. An investigation developed
the fact that they undoubtedly be
longed to some medical student, as
many pencil marks indicative of ana
tomical memoranda were found on
them. L'-fViV . 'i>- :
Mrs. Richmond Makes Grewsome
Discovery in Piece o'f Furniture
Bought at Auction.
Officer for the International
Gendarmerie Still Pending.
ROME, Dec. 9.— Negotiations are still
pending looking to the selection of an
Italian officer, probably a general, as
commander of the proposed Interna
tional ppndermerie in Macedonia.* It
is denied that should an Italian officer
be splccted he will be first compelled
to enter the service of Turkey, as this
would interfere with his duties, which
would not only be unlimited In exer
cirins: vigilance for the protection of
Musp-jlmars and Christians alike, but
which would also compel him to see
that Ottoman rule in Macedonia did not
conflict with the Austro-Russian re
form scheme as accepted by the Porte.
Negotiation* for the Selection of an
NATIONS MAY PL\CK
ITALIAN IN MACEDONIA
WOMAN FINDS A SACK OF
HUMAN BONES IN BUREAU
The *fe»jeet to whichyou. refer fs one of tl»«
grratpst importance and has occupied the close
attention of President McKlnley and of Presi
dent Rootievelt • for several years. Th* object
¦which you propose \» on» to whlcb' thl» Govern
ment'has steadily" adhered and- ha» pursued
through circumstances of peculiar difficulty and
embarrassment. "1. can: only assure you. arvi
authorize you to assure your associates, 'that
the Pre»1dent ' will , not Use sisht of the im
portant Interests to .which -he has already de
voted »o maoH time ft»d care.. " ( •
Andrea Sbarboro. president of the
Manufacturers' and Producers* Asso
ciation, has received a letter from.Sec
retary of State Hay acknowledging;- the
receipt of resolutions relative to -.-the
trade of the United. States in Manchu
ria which were adopted after the asso
ciation had considered a report from J.
B. 'Havre. In his letter Secretary Hay
says:
Secretary of State Hay Writes Letter
of Great Interest to Manufac
turers and Producers.
HAS AMERICAN" TRADE
IN MANCUTRIA IN VIEW
Two resolutions adopted by the
Board of Supervisors authorizing ex
penditures of $3000 for ten \ horses
and $2479 for nine- horses supplied
by John J. Doyle to the Fire Depart
ment were sent to Mayor Schmitz yes
terday for his approval.
Some months ago the Mayor vetoed
an authorization for $500 for two
horses purchased by the Health De
partment for the Almshouse on the
ground that hdrses were being bought
by the Fire Department for $200 each
and less. It was brought to the at
tention of his Honor that heavy draft
horses commanded *a much higher
figure, but he refused to withdraw his
veto of the demand. The Board* of
Supervisors then overrode his veto by
the necessary. fourteen, votes. The
fact that the- Fire Department has
paid $300 each for horses in one; in
stance and $275 in another seems to
uphold the claim of the board named
that high prices prevail for first-class
horses such as the ¦ Fire {; Department
needs. 4- ':v • - -
Veto of Former Authorization
by. Mayor. ' •
Purchnse by Fire Department Recalls
HIGH PRICES PREVAIL
FOR FIRST-CLASS HORSES
CHEYEKNE, Wyo., Dec. 9.— In dig
ging an artesian well on. the ranch' of
John W. Griffin, six miles west of this
city, the drill at a depth of 265 feet
penetrated a vast underground lake or
stream and a column of water six
inches in diameter spouted out to a
height of forty feet. Soundings were
made which failed to find bottom. The
flow is so great that it is more than
ample to supply the entire needs of the
city of Cheyenne, and it is possible a
pipe. line will be built to furnish the
city with water from this source. : ,
Wyo.. Is Planning to Use Well
' for Supply Source. *
Water Is So Plentiful That Cheyenne,
BORERS STK1KE GREAT
SUBTERRANEAN STREAM
TUCSON. Ariz.. Dec. 9.— Hermosillo
was visited by fire at 1 o'clock Tues
morning and the mammoth stores and
warehouses of Hernandez, Gaxiola &
Co., the largest merchants and import
ers in the capital of Sonora. were de
stroyed. The loss is estimated at $75,
000, with $30,000 insurance. The
buildings destroyed faced the Plaza
de Don Luis and adjoining struc
tures. The Miners' Bank of Her
niosillo was saved only by the heroic
work by the fire and police depart
ments. Conrad Gaxiola, a member of
the house,', was seriously injured by
falling walls while attempting to save
valuable papers. He may die. The
company's safes contained several
thousand dollars in specie and bank
notes. They have not yet been found
in the smoking ruins.
Goes Up in Smoke?
IIER3IOSILLO WAREHOUSE
IS DESTROYED BY FIRE
Building Owned by Largest Import
ins i-'irm In the Capital of Sonora
NEW YORK. Dec. 9.— By far the
most Jntercstins feature of the cur
rent sold movements has been the use
of British sovereigns as a form of re
mittance. Sovereigns are very rarely
used by gold importers owing to the
traditional dislike of London to ex
port them and to the (difficulty of se
curing coin approximately near enough
standard weight to make them profit
able. The 560.C00 of sovereigns engaged
abroad by New York bankers this week
brings the total movement to this
country of British coin up to $600,003
since November 21 last. This is gen
erally regarded as a most remarkable
movement, made possible only because
of the abnormally low level at which
the exchange market has ruled and
the very high price asked for gold bars
in London.
Flow of British Cold to America Un
precedented Because of the Low
Level of Excliange Market.
MOVEMENT OF BRITISII
SOVEREIGNS UNUSUAL
Mrs. Emma Benes, who waj shot. in
the back by her husband. George Benes.
in the Humboldt House, 1S0D Stockton
street. last Monday morning, died at
the Humboldt House at 6 o'clock last
night from the effects of the gunshot
wound. The Coroner's office was noti
fied and the body removed to the
Morgue. Benes is lying in a cot at the
Central Emergency Hospital, suffering
Irom a wound in the neck, self-inflicted
with suicidal intent. The doctors say
he will recover and as soon as he is
convalescent he will be removed to the
City Prison, where a charge of murder
will be placed against his name. The
tragedy was the . outcome of insane
jealousy on the part of the murderer,
who endeavored to have his wife re
turn to him, and upon her refusal fa
tally wounded her and shot himself.
the Back Last Monday.
Succumbs.
Mrs. Emma Benes. Who Was Shot in
DIES FROM TILE BULLET
SPED BY HER HUSBAND
WOODLAND, Dec. 9.— George ».B.
-Vanderveer,. a barber, made two at
tempts to-day to" commit suicide. Twice
in his room 'at the" Hotel" Julian -'he
turned on the gas jet, after having
closed ar.d locked the windows and
dc-ors. In both instances the hotel por
ter dfiterterl the odor of gas and en
tered the room in time to prevent Van
derveer's desperate* designs. Disap
pointment in love affairs was the v cause.
Vanderveer is now being watched. He
recently came here from San Francisco
and is said to have relatives livins in
Los Angeles.
DESPOXDEYT BARBER TRIES
TO ASPHYXIATE HIMSELF
George B. Vnnderveer, Formerly of
San Francisco, Tunis on Gas In
His I'oom In Woodland.
hnm Will Have to Refnnd at
Once Money Due City.
The Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors met yesterday
afte.rnoon to take action on the report
of the Hassell • Auditing . Company,
rvhich experted the books of the vari
ous municipal offices.
The board was willing to assume
that the report of the Hassell Com
pany was correct- Supervisor Bran
denstein moved the adoption of a reso
lution instructing the County Clerk to
make demands at once on A. C.
Freese, J. A. Drinkhouse, the estate
of P. Boland and John \Farnham
for the money ? due the I treasury
through discrepancies in their accounts
while holding: the office of Public Ad
ministrator. The County Clerk will
also be instructed to report to^he com
mittee from time to time the results of
his collection.
¦ Owing to the absence of J. J. Has
sell. president of the Hassell Auditing
Company, which audited the books for
the Board of Supervisors, the continu
ation of the meeting wai continued
until this afternoon at 4 o'clock. ,
Freese. Drlnkliou.se,, Boland and Farn-
WELL BE COMPELLED TO
3JAKE SHORTAGES GOOD
The District Attorney will bring the
matter before the Grancl Jury, which
is in recess and wilt convene again the
last of this month.
men Hutherford and Jones. »
PLACERVILLE, Dec. 9. — Con\*ct
Woods, whose long trial in the Su
perior Court of Sacramento County
for complicity in the murder of Guard
Cotter at Folsom State . Prison, re
sulted In a verdict of murder in the
second degree, may be tried for mur
der in this county. If tried here the
charge will be the murder of J. F.
Rutherford and W. G. Jones, members
of Company H. National Guard of
California, who were killed by the
convicts near the Grand Victory mine,
six miles south of this city.
District Attorney C. C. Peters of this
county and A. M. Seymour, District
Attorney of Sacramento County, were
out to the Grand Victory mine this
afternoon interviewing prospective
witnesses in the case. . *- '-£<£. •
COXVICT HOWARD MAY
DE TRIED IX EL, DORADO
Authorities Contemplate Prosecuting
Him for the Murder of Guards-
WASHINGTON. Dec! 9.— Incidental
to the general Investigation being con
ducted by the Interior "Department into
the land frauds In the West an In
quiry is being made of the records in
the General Land Office in Washing
ton by inspectors detailed for that pur
pose. Their inquiries are in connection
with charges that employes of the of
fice have given advance information of
lands. to be set aside for forest reser
vations whereby opportunities are af
forded speculators to take up lands in
the territory to be reserved.
Secretary Hitchcock wi'.l not make
any detailed statement as to the scope
of th~ inquiry to%be made, confining
himself to the general statement that
an investigation of the records of the
local office alonr the lines Indicated is
under way.
Secretary Hitrlicock A'nxious to Get
AJJ Information Possible Con
rerning Frauds Developed.
LAND OFFICE MUST
SUBMIT TO PROBIXG
nient lit Mare Island Are Kept
Busy With Rush Orders.
VALLEJO, Dec. 9. — The largest
shipment of stores and provisions that
has been made from Mare Island since
the busy times during the Spanish-
American War is now being prepared
at the navy yard in compliance with
¦telegraphic orders received here on
Monday of last week. TheNfreight
boats last night brought large quan
tities o/ stores and it is estimated that
fully 550,000 worth of provisions will
go from J.he.yaj-.d.in. the next shipment.
Requisitions for these stores come
from the first-class battleships Ken
tucky, Oregon and Wisconsin and the
cruisers New Orleans, Albany, Raleigh
and Cincinnati. Preparations are be
ing made so that the stores may be
placed aboard the Solace for transpor
tation as soon as possible. The date of
the sailing of the Solace was delayed
on account of the rush orders.
Employes In the Commissary Depart-
BIG SHIPMENT OF STORES
TO-BE MADE OX THE SOLACE
• V
Detectives Ryan and Taylor were
sent to the house and they placed
Marsilio under arrest. He had a
number of things wrapped up to carry
away and had hidden a bundle con
taining a pair of trousers and .some
other articles under his coat. This
bundle was booked as evidence against
him on the charge of burglary.
The same house was entered by
burglars about a week ago and a gold
watch, gold pins and other articles of
jewelry were stolen. The police be
lieve that Marsilio committed thi3
burglary also, but he will not admit it.
Francisco Marsilio, a dishwasher,
broke into the residence of G. B. To
rey, 2509% Jones street, yesterday
morning. He broke a window in the
rear of the house, unfastened the
.catch and crawled through. He was
busy for some time searching through
bureau drawers, turning over mat
tresses and even lifting up carpets in
search of coin or Jewelry, till he was
discovered by Torey. who promptly
locked the door of the. room and kept
him a prisoner till the police were no
tified.
Francfsco Marsillo, a Dishwasher,
Breaks Into Residence and Is Ar
rested on Charge of Burglary.
TOREY DISCOVERS MAX
RANSACKING HIS HOUSE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 9.
A woman's tongue In West Oakland
has caused no end of trouble and to
day was begun the hearing of a suit
for scandal in which Mrs. A. J. Hall is
endeavoring to recover $20,000 damages
for alleged Injury to her reputation on
account of things said about, her by
Mrs. Catherine T. Williams.
Mrs. Williams is an elderly woman
an.d accuses Mrs. Hall of leading her
niece, Gertrude Vincent, astray. She
believes that Mrs. Hall has a dominat
ing influence over her niece and has
blamed her for a world of worry- Ac
cording to the complaint in the case,
however, she has not stopped within
the bounds of decency- ' in* the things
she has told in retaliation and upon
motion of attorneys in the case Judge
Melvin ordered the case to be heard
behind c.'osed doors.
Gertrude Vincent, the storm center of
this woman's scandal, is a young wo
man 20 years of age and for the past
few years has given music lessons in
order to help support herself. She has
made her home with her aunt. Mrs.
Williams, whom she accuses, of having
abused her from childhood.
Mrs. Hall, the plaintiff In the ca3e,
lives at 1158 Fifth street, and was one
of Miss Vincent's pupils. The two be
came fast friends and when one night
Mrs. Williams came to the Hall home
and created a scene and called Mrs.
Hall names and said many uncompli
mentary things to her, Gertrude Vin
cent decided then she would never go
home again. She was given a home by
Mrs. Hall, who says on account of this
she has had visited upon her all of the
odium of the enraged* aunt.
"In a statement made this morning
she says that she was forced In self
defense to bring the action in order to
stop Mrs. .Williams from talking and
that her friends have cut her on-^he
street on account of the stories Told
about her by Mrs. Williams.
The case-will occupy several days be
hind closed doors.
Mrs. Anna Kleigel has been in the
asylum before, but. had recovered suf
ficiently to be allowed her liberty. Sh»
has become so badly deranged, how
ever, that it is believed she will be sent
back to the asylum In order to stay her
permanent relapse. Arrangements
have been made to have her brought
before the courts in the morning and
have her recommitted to the Uklah
Asylum.
Complaint was made this afternoon
charging Mrs. Anna Klelgel of 1307 Pe
ralta street with insanity. She is a
cousin of Mrs. Joseph B. Kleigel and
the latter .attempted to commit suicide
yesterday by throwing herself in front
of a broad gauge train. It is believed
that the act of one woman was the
cause of. the unbalancing of the mind
of the other.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 9.
" Mrs. E. J. ' Roemer admitted to-day
to Detective G. H. Brown that she had
fired a bullet at her son-in-lawf ex
plaining that ' she", feared he would do
her bodily harm, as her husband was
not at home at the time. Roemer says
Hesse has been dodging the police of
San Francisco for some ..weeks.
-^ Hesse was taken into custody by the
Alameda police . in response to a re
quest, of Chief Wlttman, that he was
wanted on ' a forgery charge. Detec
tive, Ross Whittaker got him to-night
and booked him »on a charge of for
gery. It is 'alleged that Hesse passed
a fictitious check on Grosse & Bogel,
343 East street, for $27 50, drawn on
the London, Paris and American Bank,
and 'signed by- James Markham. It . is
also claimed that he passed another
check drawn on the same bank for
$26 50 on Rossi & Cordano, 205 Wash
ington street
. City Marshal John Conrad says that
Heese is wanted in San Francisco for
passing worthless checks, his victims
being the saloon firm 7Jf Grosse & Bo
gel. One of the firm has sworn to "a war
rant-for Hesse's arrest. Hesse , is also
accused of passing a bogus check on
Harry Ateesson of this city, Bruns &
Strunz and E. J. Probst, all of this
city, and Peter Harder of San Fran
cisco. '..'¦.
I went to the Roemer house last night from
Oakland to get come of my clothes that were
there, as I had secured a cnance to do some
work and pay my debts. I went to the back
door and they would not let me In. I then
wrote a note to the Coroner, telilner him of
my Intention to end my lire and who were
responsible for causing me to 'see* death. • I
mailed the letter and went back to the front
door of the Roemer house. My moth»r-lh-law
refused to let me In. - Then I brok,e In the
panel and she took a shot at me. I said,
"Shoot again and kill me." She answered.
"Go and kill yourself." I had a bottle of
chloroform In my pocket that I used In clean-
Ing clothes on- vessels. I swallowed all there
was In the vial and lay down la the street
to die. When I wcke up this morning I was
In Jail. I was always all right with my
wife's people while I had money. Roemer lost
his position some' time ago and ' in order .to
fcelD my wife's family to pay the rent we
moved in and lived with them. I wish I had
never done it now. "When I got cut of a job
end could not provide my mother-in-law with
delicacies then my trials besran. They were
fierce, and when I think of them I wish my-'
(•elf dead. I would not. care so Much about
myself, but I do for our baby, ' who is but
four months old. My wife loves me, but my
mother-in-law is different. When I went to
the Roemer house to-day. In company with an
officer, fcr my clothos, Jtoemer threw - a coat
to me out of the window anil thru is all of
my effects that I obtained. I served as a
private and first lieutenant In ' the German
army 1 and was honorably discharged. I came
to this country in 1S95.
ALAMEDA.Dec. ».— The sight *of his
mother-in-law, Mrs: Edwin J. Romer,
behind a big revolver, which she fired
at him while he was last night burst
ing in the door of her home, 720 Rail
road avenue, so affected E. W. Hesse,
an ex-oiTiccr in the German army, that
he wrote a suicidal note to the Coroner,
swallowed a bottle of chloroform and
was later trundled to jail in a. wheel
barrow for being drunk.
That Hesse's effort to terminate his
life failed is due to the fact that the
deadly drug was weak and that'there
was more whisky than chloroform in
his stomach after he had swallowed
and mixed the drinks. He was picked up
on Railroad avenue, near Eighth street,
after midnight by Policeman James Mc-
Donnell, who, finding it difficult, to han
dle his prisoner because of his limp
condition, secured a wheelbarrow and
utilized it as a horseless patrol wagon.
Hesse, who has been employed as a
steward on steamers running to the
Hawaiian Islands, married Miss Bertha
Roemer, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ed
win J. Roemer, about one year ago. A
few months previously to the wedding
his future father-in-law was arrested
and tried for tricing up his little son,
George Roemer, and lashing his naked
body eighty-five times with a knotted
rope. Hesse was then a boajrder at the
Roemer house, and during the trial,
which was sensational, appeared as a
witness for the defense. Now he says
his father-in-law and his mother-in
law have turned against him and are
the cause of him being separated from
his wife. Here is Hesse's story as he
related it in the City Prison:
Two prominent vestrymen of Trinity
died during the past year— Major Hoop
er a nd. General J. 'F. Houghton. At a
meeting yesterday Robert Bonce was
chosen senior .warden in succession to
Major Hooper, who served on the vestry
for nearly a quarter of a century. W.
E. Dean continues as junior warden.
SL- Mary.',tKe : , 1 .yirgin'-fA.M. Blade,
senior warden; Lowe, junior
warden; vestrymen, Arthur Postel.'Dr.
de Fonseca. R. W. Ellings worth;
George C. Woodward, treasurer. ." \
' St. James— Charles H. Hubbs. war
den; vestrymen. James Vincent, Wil
liam Blngham. Joseph Marshall, Frank
Petrie, M. D., and Ernest Wittenberg;
Frank M. Haiglit. treasurer.
Billiard.
St. Paul's— M. • B. Kellog;?, senior
warden and treasurer? Henry Euler,
junior warden; vestrymen, Rev. W. M.
Reilly D.Dy John 1. Sabin, Edward D.
St. Stephen's— Arthur Faraday Price,
senior warden; Frank M. Gardner,
junior warden; vestrymen. Rev. Ernest
Bradley, J. B. Myier, G. E. Bennet, J.
F. D. Curtis, A3 J: Fairweather, Clark
J. Burnham, M. D.; A. J. Fairweather,
treasurer. •
St. Peter's Church— W. H. Medina,
senior warden; Alexander Gray, junior
warden; vestrymen, A. O. Kains, W.
M. Furbush, H.' K. Hobe, Arthur S.
Jores: A. C. Kains of the Canadian
Bank of Commerce, treasurer, and
Arthur S. Jones, clerk.
St. Jo"hn the Evangelist— F. W. Van
Reynegom. senior warden; F. W. Eich
baum, junior warden, and for vestry
men, B. McKinne, George U. Hurd,
James Rolph Jr., A. T. PannelV Charles
Eichbaum, Herbert B. Baggs. Charles
Wood, Frank Shanasy, Rev. L. C San
ford;' F. L. ,.; Southack. who was re
elected treasurer.
St. Luke's— L. F. Monteasle, treas
urer; A. N. Drown, senior warden; Dr.
H. C. Davis, junior warden; vestrymen
— E. T. Aden. G. H. Kellogg, R. J._An
derson, A. H. Phelps, Dr. G. G. Powers,
H. L. Davis, J. P.;Langhorne, H. T.
Scott. L. F. Monteagle.
Grace Church— Lansing M. Ringwalt.
senior .warden: 'William Mintzner, ju
nior warden; vestrymen — William H.
Crocker, A. B. McCreary, Klrkham
Wright, Herbert Folger, William M.
Gwin, William S. Tevis, W. B. Bourne.
Thomas P. Woodward. George H.
Hooke; William Mintzner was elected
treasurer.
The Advent season, which began on
Sunday last, is the beginning of. the
year in the Episcopal churches, and the
first duty of all parishes is the election
ef vestrymen, who control the affairs
of the parishes during their term of
office. It is remarked that all of the.
parishes are. in a particularly flourish
ing condition, financially as well as
spiritually. The reports of,the vestry,
which were submitted at. all parish an
nual meetings, showed debts reduced,
enlarged membership and invariable
harmony. The following results of the
elections held this week are reported:
Trinity Church— Vestrymen: W. E.
Dean. D. W. Earl, W. E. F, Deal, H.
F. Allen, Charles D. Haven, J. V. D.
Mlddleton. M. D.: Robert Bruce, John
Landers, D. H. Kane. F. W. Clampett:
secretary, J. V. D. Middletc-n, M. D.;
treasurer, D. H.. Kane; m'usjc— D. H.
Kane, Dr. Middleton, Dr. Clampett;
auditing— John Larders, W. E. Dean,
H. F. Allen." * \
The Afflicted Women Are
• Wives of Men Who Are
Relatives of Each Other
She Accuses Mrs. Catherine
Williams of Being the Cause
of Her Worry and Trouble
But He Had More Whisky Than
Poison on lioard and Landed
in the City. Jail for Drunk
SALT LAKK, Hoc. 9.— A special to
the Herald from Scorteld says that
much excitement exists In that town
over th? arrest this afternoon of At
torney Kldor of Salt Lake, who had
been employed to look after the in
trrests of striking' miners, who have
been imprisoned upon various charges.
Elder was arrested as he stepped
from the train, and! although he at
tempted to resist he was hustled to
jail by a Deputy Sheriff and several
company guards. The charts against
him is criminal libel, based on a recent
newspaper interview, and is preferred
against him by Noah Potter, one of the
guards.' ,¦
Attorney Elder, -inimediat'jly tele
graphed to Governor Weils protesting
against his 'arrest, and imprisonment.
The Governor answered ihac he would
at once send a personal representative
to make a thorough' investigation. If
it is found that the Deputy Sheriff and
company guards are exceeding their
authority It is very likely that martial
law will be proclaimed in the district.
Executive Declares That If
Guards Are Unfair Martial
Law Slav He Proclaimed
Condition of the Churches Is
Shown to Be Excellent, Both
Spirituall v and . Financially
GOVERNOR MAX TAKE HAND
WANTS $20,000 DAMAGES
SHE MUST GO TO ASYLUM
THEX HE ; TfclES SUICIDE
PLEASING REPORTS FILED
Stories That Arc Told About
3Irs. A. J. Hall Causes Her
to Bring a Suit for Slander
Mrs. Edwin J. Romer of Ala
meda Takes a Shot at E.
W. Hesse Her Son-in-Law
Van in Which the Celestials Are
Being Transported Topples
From Bank Into Erie Canal
Arrest of Woman Clears 3fys
tery Surrounding Drowning
of :Four Coolies at Buffalo,
IS AQUEEX OF SMUGGLERS
Mrs. Simpson, who is now a board
ins-house keeper in Buffalo, resided
here many years is well known
here. She knew Reeves well. and a num
ber of years ago she worked for him.
Captain Hassett put the matter into
the hands of the Buffalo official*, and
while they were watching for the van
the accident occurred^
The woman came hVre and made ar
rangements with Reeves to haul her
wagon load of secreted Chinese, who,
she said, were coming from Canada a
few nights later, into his big barn.
The bargain was made at his bedside
on the night of November 22, after he
had retired.
Previous to her visit to the farm Mrs.
Simpson called upon Captain Hassett
and closed the' deal, as she supposed,
by which any word from United States
officials by mail or telegraph should be
put out of sight. She took the officer
into her confidence enough to let him
know that she was going to bring Chi
nese here from Buffalo by wagon and
then send them West on one of the
Erie Railroad's early morning trains,
alleging that she had "fixed" the Pull
man conductors.
OLEAN, N. Y., Dec. 9.— The mystery
which surrounded the drowning of four
smuggled Chinese in a van which went
off the canal bank at Buffalo on Friday
has been cleared by the arrest of Mrs.
William W. (May) Simpson of Buffalo
on information supplied by Police Cap
tain Timothy Hassett of this city and
Canar Reeves, who lives two miles east
of this city.
Special Dispatch to The C«H
Utah Strikers Are Excited
Because Their Attorney Is
Imprisoned on Libel Charge
Episcopal Congregations Choose
Strong^ Men to Head Affairs
for the Ensuing Terms
Attempted Suicide of 3Irs. J.
Kleigel Unbalances Brain
of 3Irs. Anna Kleigel
TROUBLE OVER
WOMAN'S TALK
WANT M'ARTHUR
OUSTED AT ONCE
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9— A petition
for the removal of E. T. McArthur, su
perintendent at the Npz Perce Indians
in Idaho, was filed at the Indian Bu
reau to-day by Senator Ueyburn of
Idaho. It is signed by l»0 allottees
among th» Nez Perces and is accom
panied by letters from G. W. Thomp
son of Leviston, Idaho. *ind A. J. Sho
valter of Lapwai, Idaho.
The petitioners charge that after an
nouncing lart summer that no rents
would be received or disbursed until
November 1. and after nearly all the
Indians had gone to the mountains.
Superintendent McArthur began receiv
ing rents and withdrew his deposits
from a national bank and placed them
in the^newly organized bank at Cul
de Sac, of which J. C. Martin, the
chief clerk of the agency, is president:
A. J. .Montgomery, assistant clerk, and,
the petitioners believe, McArthur him
self a heavy stockholder.
The petition also charges McArthur
with not attempting to suppress the
introduction of liquor on the reserva
tion; that he makes provisos in the
Indian leases that work hardships;
that he is ill tempered and threatens
to withhold rents from Indians unless
they eend their children to the Gov
ernment school.
Complaint Is. Made That the
Official Is Using His .Posi
tion for His Personal Gain
GRAVE CHARGES ARE GIVEN
Superintendent of Xez Perce.
Indians Is Not Giving Sat
isfaction at the Reservation
VIOLENT ACT
DERANGES MIND
NAME OFFICERS
FOR THE YEAR
BRINGS CHINESE
ACROSS BORDER
TROUBLE DUE
TO IN ARREST
MOTHER-IN-LAW
BEHIND THE GUN
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, -^DECEMBER -10,;; 1903.
MADRID, Dec. 9— Klnr Alfonso left for
7» ?¦ ir *n tills fi-*tf*moon*
;. . BUTLER,; Pa.. Dec 9." — Three ' typhoid fever
deaths ¦; and - twelve :" new cases were ' reported
•*•-<< «v,. ':"¦';¦: • _ ; ¦¦.,- - - ¦ -•¦•?• ..
LONDON, Dec 9.— The British ship
Aristides, Captain Poppy, from Junin
for San Francisco, has been posted at
Lloyds' as missing.
British . Shin Aristldes Missing.
Naval Aid to the President.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 9.— Commander
C. M. "Winslow was designated to-day
as naval eld to the President 'to suc
ceed Captain W. S. Cowlea. who has
been assigned to command the new
battleship Missouri.
Charged 'With Stealing Rifles.
Walter Rbemer, Harvey Earnest,
Ivan Earnest and Charles Herring were
arrested early yesterday morning ; by
Policeman Kane as they were coming
out of a shooting gallery at 531. Pacific
street, owned by a Japanese named vO.
Fakurai. The men were charged with
stealing two- rifles, the property of
Fakurai. . .1 : -¦
REDDING. Dec. 9.— The Redding
Ministerial Association' has presented a
written request to the Grand Jury ask
ing that body to. use its influence
toward prohibiting slot machines .in
Shasta County. The ministers ask the
Jury now »n sessio'n to recommend that
the proper authorities put an end to
the Blot machines here.
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
IT'S WONDERFUL
The amount of good you'll N re-
ceive from a few closes of Hostet-
ter's Stomach Bitters, especially
when the stomach is disordered
or the liver inactive. It cures
Loss of Appetite, Sour Stomach,
Heartburn, Dyspepsia, Indiges-
tion, Chills or Malaria. Be sure
to try it, also obtain a copy of bur
Illustrated Almanac for 1904 from
your druggist. It is free and con-
tains instructive reading ' matter
that is well worth having.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.Imnrovcment Club Officers.
The election of officers of Golden Gate
Branch No. 214, National Association
of Letter Carriers, and the San Fran
cisco Letter. Carriers' Mutual Aid As
sociation resulted as follows: Presi
dent, II. ' M. Locke: vice president,
James I.. Donohbe; treasurer. t George
C. Goe: k recording, secretary, Ike Holz;
financial secretary, Conrad Trleber;
collector. M.B. A., Thomas Nixon; di
rectoiv <three years), John A. O'Con
nell; physician. Dr. John.F. Dillon: ser
geant : at arms, R. D. Cuningham;
board of directors of sick and death
benefit fund— Louis E. Boivin, Charles
A. Brittan, D. F. Dougherty, William
Barry, J. & Sullivan.
IjCtter Carriers Choose Officers.
The annual musical and literary en
tertainment for the benefit of St. Domi
nic's Sunday school will be given at
Golden Gate Hall on Sutter street this
Sunday School Entertainment.
The Chinese Narcissus has become a
very popular flower, requiring: no earth,
only a bed of pebbles and plenty \of water
to bring forth the most fragrant flowers.
Gas ranges require very little attention.
They are always ready if bought from
San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany, 415 Post* street. • -
Crahey, Carl Peterson, M. Kelly and
Albert Hermal.
.:: A communication was also received
from Secretary Polite of the Retail
Dealers' Association.
' Referring to the foregoing communication to
the Board of State Harbor Commisvioners of
California the undersigned associations con
firmevery statement therein contained concern
ing the produce business and Join in the de
mand for n- free market.
WHOLES A I.E. FRUIT AND PRODUCE MI*R
CH\NTS' PROTECTIVE ASSOCIATION'
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
JEROME rORTER. Secretary.
PRODUCE DEALERS' PROTECTIVE ASSO
CIATION." ' • •
..\FKANK M. BURNHAM. Secretary.
Burner can buy directly and without Interven
tion of any middleman. And inasmuch as the
establishment of this market will lelieve you
and us of many dlaasreeable and doubtful
contentions and unjust criticisms we respect
fully ask and request that you proceed at once
to' establish the free market as required of
vou by law. regretting that the time for doing
lo, to wit. -on or before March 2. UW. is ex
trrmely short for the purpose \curs very
respectfuUy.
vjoHX G. WETMORE.
¦;•„•'-¦ A. P. GIANXINL
evening. An elaborate programme has
been prepared for the occasion and
many of the best known amateur art
ists in the city have volunteered their
services.
Christmas Present*".
Dre?s suit cases, traveling sets, pocket
and bill • books, cigar and card cases,
wrist bags and lap tablets all make f!n«
Christmas presents, ami ran be bought at
popular prices from Sanborn, Vail & Co.*
BAKEKSFIELD. Dec. 9.— S. I. Davis Waa
found guilty last night of embezzling $;.v>
from the Miners' Union of Mojave. of which
he was treasurer. Judge Gennett ordered him
to appear for sentence on Saturday next.
Reformers Present Ten Items
Upon "Which Concessions May
lie Ajrreed Upon by Factions
NEW YORK. Dec. 9.— A joint com
mittee of' representatives of four
branches of the Presbyterian faith met
here to-day to discuss the question of
church unity, in accordance with a
resolution rassed by the General Sy
ncd cf the Reformed Presbyterian
Church at Philadelphia last year.
The delegation appointed by the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyterian
Church of the United States of Amer
ica consisted of Rev. Drs. William H.
Roberts cf Philadelphia, Robert F.
Coyle of Denver, moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly; Charles A. Dickie of
Philadelphia, Reuben H. Hartley of La
port e. Ind.; Douglass P. Putnam of
Princeton, Ind.. and Elders W/ M.
Fmlth of New York. Elias Perkins of
Baltimore. Edwin S. Wells of Lake
Forest. 111., and Reuben Tyler of Cin
cinnati.
The General Synod of the Reformed
Church in America was represented by
Rev. Dr? J. Preston Searle of New
Dninswick, X. J., and Rev. Dr. J. El
mendorff of New York.
From the General Assembly of the
United Presbyterian Church ¦were pres
ent Rev. Dr. Andrew Henry of Jersey
City and Rev. Dr. J. C. Schulter of
Philadelphia.
The representatives of the General
Pynod of the Reformed Presbyterian
Ohurch in America were Rev. James
D. Steele of New York. Rev. Dr. David
Steele of Philadelphia, Rev. Dr. Thom
as Walters of Pittsburg and Rev. Dr.
David ilcKinney of Cincinnati. The
meeting organized by selecting Dr.
SearJe chairman and Dr. James D.
Steele secretary.
The subject of union was brought
before the meeting in an informal in
terchange of views, followed by the
submission of a formal proposition
from the delegates of the Reformed
Presbyterian Church embracing ten
distinct items regarding matters in
which concessions might be made by
one to another of the treating bodies.
This proposition was referred to the
executive committee with instructions
to report to-morrow.
A letter was read stating that the
body generally known as the Presby
terian Church, South, had declined the
invitation to take part in the confer
ence.
I'rincc Jokes the Emperor,
BERLIN, Dec. 9. — It is learned that
Prinze Frederick William's tastes In
art differ radically from his father's,
who. it is well known, patronizes aca
demic styles exclusively. The Crown
Prince, on the other hand, is an ardent
ndmirer of impressionism. The Prince
lately purchased a large number of
impressionist posters and caricatures
at a Potsdam art store, and, it is said,
rogruishly declared that part of them
were intended as a present to the Em
peror.
PACRAMKXTO. Dec. 9— William Ryan, con
victed of burglary, was this afternoon sen
tenced to five years' imprisonment at San
Qu«>ntin by Judpp Hart.
Four large produce commission
houses will to-day file injunction suits
fn the Superior Court against the
Board of State Harbor Commissioners
and will ask the court to restrain the
Harbor Commissioners from interfer
ing with the sale by them of perish
able produce in the city and county of
San Francisco.
The firms that will so act have ail
been deprived of their permits to sell
on the State property, this under the
provisions of the Woodward law. With
this will begin the test of the extent of
the jurisdiction and powers of the Har
bor Commissioners, as conferred by the
Woodward law. The suits will be filed
by Attorney J. B. Reinstein, who ap
pears for the commission men. No re
cent proceedings have possessed more
of interest for the whole State.
The Woodward law was enacted for
the express purpose of preventing the
formation of a fruit-selling ring or con
spiracy. The Harbor Commissioners,
when they voted last week to take
away the permits from Wolf & Sons.
L. Scatena & Co., Wetmore Brothers
and McDonpugh & Runyon, were aware
that a test of the law v.as threatened.
They held that the parties who had
lost their permits through revocation
had been given a right to permits upon
the fulfillment of certain conditions,
which compelled them to buy and sell
impartially, without regard to the af
filiations or non-affiliations of the par
ties with whom they did business. The
Commissioners believed that the condi
tions had been violated and so took
the permits away.
Scatena & Co., Wetmore Brothers,
Wolf & Sons and McDonough & Run
yon stoutly deny that they have vio
lated the law. Yesterday W. H. Wolf,
A. J. Runyon, John G. Wetmore and A.
Giannini, the latter representing Sca
tena &. Co., filed a long communication
with the Board of. Harbor Commission
ers. In that they submitted sugges
tions at^reat length for the considera
tion of the Commissioners. It amount
ed, in fact, to a circumstantial denial
of all the charges that have been made
against their firms and also contained
some reflections upon the Harbor Com
missioners' acts. It also embodied the
views of the wholesalers at large.
CASES NOT REOPENED. »
When this communication was pre
sented by President Spear to be read
to the board yesterday Commissioner
Kirkpatrick said that he supposed that
it amounted to a request for a rehear
ing. The four firms represented by the
signatures to the document had already
had a hearing and so far as they were
concerned the matter was closed and
their cases would not be reopened. He
asked President Spear if this was his
view of the case and Spear answered
In the affirmative. The board cour
teously listened to the reading of the
document, however.
It beg^n by setting forth that, inas
much as there was not a full board
when the four permits to sell were re
voked last week it was desired by the
signers "to submit suggestions for con
sideration."
Some of the "suggestions" amounted
to an attack upon the Commissioners.
For instance, it was said to the Com
missioners, in one place, that "natural
ly, under such circumstances we must
infer that your Judgment is clouded by
some error; that your action is due to
some passion, prejudice or ignorance,
or to some consideration of personal or
political advantage, which, of course,
should play no part in what should be
a judicial determination."
In another part of the communication
it Is asserted that "there is not now
and never has been 'any conspiracy or
agreement or understanding concerning
such prices (the prices' of perishable
products) and you know very well that
no one of such organizations nor iny
of their members, nor any combination
of their mambers, has the slightest
power to fix, modify, control or regu
late such prices."
Incidentally a threat was contained
in the long document, as follows:
"Your act (of the Harbor Commis
sioners) affects the wholesalers direct
ly, but indirectly it affects the growers
and consumers. The growers outside
of San Francisco have an association
and are members of the Wholesale
Dealers" Association, and are satisfied
with the present conditions. As to the
consumers, you may compel us to re
move from the' docks all produce of
the State that comes to San Francisco
every twenty-four hours. This will
simply mean that we must pay the en
tirely unnecessary cost of removal to
warehouses, storage charges and the
destruction in rehandllng these perish
able products. This loss we must add
to the cost to the dealer and he must
add it to the cost to the consumer."
SUGGESTS A TEST.
After the reading of the document.
Commissioner Kirkpatrick said that
the place to try the question of the
jurisdiction of the board was not be
fore the board, but in the courts. The
matter appeared to him to be directed
to the competency of the board to act
as it had acted and the validity of its
acts.
Commissioner Spear referred to some
statements made in the opening ot the
communication, in which it was in sub
stance asserted that the board had
acted in opposition to what the dealers
had Been led to expect by conversa
tion they had with him before they
took out their permits to sell on the
wharves. This inference Commissioner
Spear resented. He denied that the
committee, consisting of William H.
Wolf. Albert J. Runyon and James A.
Eveleth. who had waited on him, At
torney Davis for the Board of Harbor
Commissioners being present at the
interview, had any reason to assert
that the permits' were taken oat be
cause of any such agreement with him
concerning the interpretation of the
Woodward law. On the contrary, so
said Commissioner. Spear, he had at
the' Interview referred to taken up the
by-laws of the association of produce
commission men and had torn such
by-laws to pieces. He told the com
mittee that the law would be. enforced.
He also told them that > any man; who
was cited before the; board would have
the opportunity to withdraw his per-
..s'The Colombo Market /Association, .which now
fixes the price ; of vegetables .other than po
tatoes, onions and beans und at prices which
the ; Chronicle , considers exorbitant, is * pri
vate, assoclatlon'of, growers, and the free mar
ket which" you are compelled to establish- on
or before March • 2. 5 1904,'^will f be ; open Uo ; every
grower i aCd to « growers only and . every < con-
We have shown your board heretofore that
the 'revocation 'of; your permits to us can In
jure only the grower or. the consumer or both
In the Interest, therefore, of. the produce busi
ness- of ' this ' State 'we " are * anxious to comply
with the Woodward: law as., it .was- construed
by,- the president of your • board.' and your at
torney before we took out the permits.
We are satisfied ;. that upon further consid
eration you will appreciate the. certainty that
tn> Woodward law should apply , only* to th«
wholesale' business done upon the. seawall and
docks within your Jurisdiction; aml-on or,be
fore March 2.- 1004.- your board will follow
the law and establish the free market. In which
market the producer, will sell at retail directly
to the ' consumer without ' the Intarventlon of
the' middleman. '- '. - ¦ - ' -' '
ARGUES THQ CASE.
Fortunately for a'.l concerned, the holders of
your permits, and -cenerally the • produce deal
ers of San (Krancirco will soon be relieved, of
the unjurt odium which has been stirred up
against them for raising the prices of vege
tables In which they da not even deal. There
are Just eighty-one .days within which your
board- must "set aoart uoon some convenient
portion of the water front of San Francisco'a
sufficient number of blocks, or parts of blocks,
belonging to: the State, contiguous to the docks
and wharves for a free market for the perish
able products of the State, of California ar
riving in San Francisco."
In this free market, pursuant to this law.
no commission rar.n"w!H be permitted to ap
pear, for you an> directed to "permit the sale
of Bi:ch ¦ products urwn ssid blocks and por
tions of blocks of land by or for the account
of the nrodiicers thereof •, only." under "such
regulations as may be J prescribed by your
.board.; There should be no doubt that the "free
market will ¦ be, established -within the tlm«»
limited, to -wit.: March 2. 1004; because section
1 of the paid act; passed March 2, 1D03, 're
quires as follows: • . .... ,
"The Board of State Harbor Commissioners
shall, within one year 1 from the passage of
this act."- set apart such -.blocks for such pur
pose..* Fortunately, also, under section 9 of this
art. there can be no question about the neces
sary funds for such free market, for.' according
to section 9. there is "hereby -appropriated out
of the San Francisco harbor Improvement fund
the ; necessary i moneys to enable the Harbor
Commission -to carry this act Into effect: and
th's appropriation shall have precedence 1 of a'l
other claims on such fund for Improvements."
: The only excuse or reason riven for your
decision, and the best one you could give, -was.
as the president ot your board said. '"to bring
this thine to' a head." The produce business
of this State done at the city of San Francisco
Is very large. The reason you give for seri
ously injuring this business is very small.
FREE MARKET BILL.
From the EtandrK)Int of law and common
sense. Justice and fair play such >a procedure
Is ridiculous and cannot be vindicated. From
ruch a procedure only an unju«t decision could
have been expected; and It followed promptly.
In declining to answer your questions aa to
our business outside of State property, we
proceeded under our Judgment that you, as
officers of this Government, should confine
yourselves to your official duties and neither
aid nor abet public or newspaper clamor,
which was without reason or right. We be
lieve that you are advised that the law re
stricts your power to State property; and wo
believe it to be both the right and the duty
of any self-respecting. citizen to refuse to an
swer you concerning matters which are none
of your official ¦ business. We declined to an
swer your questions.- not because our answers
would Injure us. but solely because of the
ample reason that we believe you have no
right to ask. the questions.
After our examination was completed J. E.
Graves filed an affidavit which was sworn to
on December 2, 1003. five days after we were
cited to appear before yo« to answer charge*.
In this affidavit Mr. Wolf. Mr. Runyon, Mr.
Wetmore and Mr. Kveleth were not even men
tioned; and this affidavit did not state one
word as to the business done on State propertv.
and made only vague general charges utterly
unworthy of consideration. You requested
him * to file this affidavit as a charge on which
to found a hearing, although the hearing had
already taken place and was finished; and he
then filed this affidavit as a charsre. after you
had taken all the testimony of all the persons
whom you cited. In other wordB. the charge
ws w.ere requested to answer was not In ex
istence until five days after we were notified
to answer it.
REASON FOR REFUSAL.
But there are numerous cases since th»
adoption of the Woodward law where growers
of produce and dealers holding no permits
whatever, have sold perishable products on
State property; and we respectfully submit
that your board should restrain such sales
made in undoubted violation "of the law In
stead of revoking the permits of those who
have not violated the law in any regard.
On November 27. 1903. you sent us a writ
ten notice to appear before your board on De
cember 3. 1003. "for the purpose of Investi
gating the alleged violation of the provisions
of the law regulating the sales of perishable
products on the wharves and other State
property" In this city. On December a we
appeared. before you in answer to your cita
tion, and demanded a written statement of
cnarges. and requested only twenty-four hours
to answer the same. You did not answer our
demand because you could not; there was no
person who had filed or dared file any such
charge, because It would ' have 'been false.
You proceeded, nevertheless, to question i!«.
and our replies were that .we had not refused
to buy or sell produce Impartially on State
property and we denied your Jurisdiction to
Inquire into our' business outside of State
property; while Mr. Runyon denied your right
to question him at all, without a specific
charge showing wherein be had violated the
Woodward law,, •
On March 2. 1903. two laws were passed In
this . State, one known as the Woodward law,
to regulate the fales of perishable property at
wholesale on the seawall and docks, and one
known as the free market law, for the sale of
such products by growers only, at retail, on
some particular block or blocks to be set apart
for that purpose by the Harbor Commissioners
before March '-», 1904. At the meeting of our
committee with your president, early in May,
11)03, both these laws were discussed and the
understanding was reached between us that
the Woodward law was restricted In its opera
tion to sales on State property and at whole
eale and with that understanding we took out
the permits and we have never done anything
to forfeit such permit. *
TWO STATE LAWS.
If tiie state of affairs were such as to
Justify the revocation of 7 our Permits there
would be some explicit charge setting forth
the violation of the Woodward law. We have
demanded this charge and we now demand it,
but always in vain.
Your act affects the wholesalers directly,
but Indirectly ' it affects the- growers and the
consumers. Now, see. the growers outside of
San Francisco have an association and are
members of the Wholesale Dealers' Association
and are satisfied with the present conditions.
As to the consumers, you may compel Us to
remove from the docks all the produce of the
State that comes to San Francisco every twen
ty-four hours. This will simply mean that we
must pay the entirely unnecessary cost of re
moval to warehouses, storage charges and the
destruction In rehandllng these perishable pro
ducts. This loss we must add to the cost to
the dealer and he must add It to the cost to
the consumer.
We have said before that any reputable
dealer can Join any of the.su associations if
he comply with their rules. The associations
themselves must be permitted to Judge who
are reputable dealers. We are glad to submit
the rules and regulations of the flrat two as
sociations, which are the only ones of which
the holders of permits are members. Their
only regulation? are that produce shall be sold
only at wholesale on State property, and after
the hour of 7 o'clock In the morning. Any
reputable person who complies with these re
quirements is welcome to membership.
The Produce Dealers' Protective Association
alone restricts the buying and selling of po
tatoes and onions in wholesale lots to its mem
bers: but they restrict such membership only
by the requirement that the applicant be re
putable.
MEMBERSHIP RESTRICTED.
We affirm -that there Is Jto-day the freest
and iiercest competition among wholesalers and
retailern of produce in the first three associa
tions that was ever known in this city. You
will not even try to deny this statement.
any time: and they prove what we say if you
want proof.
There are nearly 1000 members o'tho Re
tail LeaUn' Association, over 100 of the Whole.
Balers' Association and about 100 of the. Pro
duce Dealers' • Association. We submit to you
what sensible people will see at once, that there
cannot be a combination of so many members
scattered through so large . an area to fix
prices; And it is ridiculous to expect them to
have or to keep any agreement with reference
to the price of perishable products, the value of
which change* frcm hour to hour.
To rivet this home to you wo beg to say
that the Wholesalers' Association meets only
once a month; the Retailers' Association once
a month, and the Produce Dealers' Association
once a year.
," Ther?- Is . not now and , never has been any
conspiracy or agreement or understanding con
cerning such price*, and you know_yery well that
no one of cuch organizations nor -any of their
members. r,or any combination' of their;mem
bers, ha* .the slightest power to fix, modify,
control or rcgulatn such prices. "?¦¦+. "«¦.--
The articles -of Association ruleo.* by-law*,
agreements, etc.. of each of these associations
jou -have seen; they are at your disposal, at
The holders of permits, from your board are
all wholesalers, and all members of the first
and second associations. 'Any reputable dealer
can become a member of either association, and
there is no' reputable dealer who is not such
member. The etatus of membership In the Ue
tail Dealers' Association is exactly the same.
The Colombo Market limits . Us j members • to
growers only. -
' There Is not one word in the rules . or regu
lations. . bylaws or papers of, any of ¦ the first
three associations which mentions prices or
fixes or concerns itself with or alters cr modi
fies or controls, directly or indirectly, the prices
of any article bought or sold by .any of its
members. There, la no written • or verbal , or
secret understanding, directly or Indirectly. In
reference f.o the cost or, price of ¦ any -article
bought or sold by any member* of these "asso
ciations. - . ,
HOLDERS OF PERMITS.
And first to relieve the problem of the ran
cor from the charge that we have raised the
price of small vegetables and garden truck,
we beg to state one simple, single fact,
which of course you know: ihat none of the
holders of permits deal in such vegetables.
You know, of course, that we are wholesalers
and have nothing to d<5 with the retailing of
such vegetables, and do not deal in so called
garden truck or small vegetables in any way
whatever; and ir we need them we must buy
of the Colombo Market at their prices.
You know that the Colombo Market, which
Is an organization solely of growers handles
practically,; all of what is called garden .truck
or small veRe4ab>es. at least 05 per cent of.it.
and that no dealer is or can be 'member of
this market ond that the members of the
Colombo Market fix the prices of their prod
ucts each Saturday for the ensuing week. In
other words, the only combination to fix
prices and which does fix prices. Is t»>zt of
the vegetable growers themselves: and you
know that we have no more to do with these
prices than the man in the moon. r ¦
Veverthele.V . broadcast newspaper statements
have been rot*-? recently that there is a corrupt
and trapping a*s<viaticn ot which we are mem
bers which «Inc-esJ5*s the price of produce to
consumers in this city. This Is pimply and
unqualifiedly falfe. and In the. performance of
your duties as Harbor Commissioners It seems
to us impossible that you should not know it.
There are four associations • whose members
deal In produce: First, the. Wholesale^ Fruit
and Produce Merchants' Protective Association;
E-cond, the Produce Dealers 1 Protective Asso
ciation: third, the Retail Fruit and Vegetable
Dealers' Association, and fourth, the Colombo
Market Association. . "'_*-„
Therefore we also requested in writing the
opportunity to present all the facts before
your board, and as you denied us that un
doubted right, we beg to present at least
some of the most important ones bearing on
the question. *"
PRICE OF VEGETABLES.
It is easy to raise a public clamor against
a dealer In food products whenever the price
of such products is high; and when a news
paper Inflames the public -opinion sufficiently
there is little use in trying to tell th» public
facts which show that there Is not the slight
est reason for complaint: and sometimes of
ficials charged with public duties consider it
wise to make their decisions suit this public
clamor. . r,
tr.nhrni UCl V Char * e has b * en flIed because no
truthful charge can b<? made. You do not
?o? r-nn^T?- 1 *^ Cl " r * e 8lmply b<^ a "«
jou cannot. We have not violated the Wood
v™, w* W nor °, ur understanding had with
jou before we took out permits
Naturally, under such circumstances we
must Infer that your Judgment is clouded bv
Borne error; that your action is due to some
passion, prejudice or ignorance, or to some
consideration of personal or political advan
tage, which, of course, should play no part in
what should be a Judicial determination
Now. this cause of your error Is neither
hard to find nor far to seek. For several
months past one of the newspapers of this
city has devoted much of its time trying to
thow that we and oth»r produce dealers were
members of a' combination which had In
creased the price of vegetables in San Fran
cisco.
¦ , 2 U t. wiU rcfal1 the fact tha * w hen we were
C t d ii"i, you - we <1 e m »n<3ed In writing that you
should Hie some specific charge against u. show
?m. iT- W ? y' olated <he law, and giving
tlm 'demand circumstance, and we rellerate
¦He then took the position, and now reiterate
It. and you then acquiesced In It. that your Ju
risdiction was limited to sales on State proper
ty, as, of rcurte. it is.
JURISDICTION OF BOARD.
To tl^e noard of State Harbor Commissioner*
of California — Dear Sirs: Inasmuch as there
was not a full board present on December 3.
1JHX!, when ycu revoked our permits under the
Woodward law, ' we desire to submit the fol
lowing suggestions for your consideration:
On April 30. 1!W3. your board eent written
notices to us and others who are all wholesalers
requesting that v.e take cut permits under the
Woodward law. whereupon a committee of the
Wholesale Fruit and Produce Merchants, com
posed of William II. Wolf. Albert J. Runyon,
Jam'-s A. Eveleth. with their attorney, inter
viewed President Spear at his written request
In his office, Mr. Davis, the attorney, of your
board, being present.
This committee Etated that they did not de
sire to take out permits under this law, which
they were advised was not only unconstitu
tional, but so impracticable and ambiguous
that no one could tell what construction might
be placed upon the phrases In the law to the
effect that we should not "refuse to sell any
solvent purchaser, or buy from any person
whatever," and that we would 6ell "Impar
tially and nt the same prices to all who de
elre to purchase for cash."
We explained that we were wholesalers and
exhibited to you our rule* that we could not
sell to any one on the seawall or docks less
than fifty backs of potatoes or twenty-five sacks
of onions at one time; that we considered it
utterly impracticable to sell at such places- at
retail to any consumer who might want only a
pound of any article In which we deal. You
agreed that this v.as a reasonable construc
tion of the law. and that bo long aa we abided
by It we would not be deemed to have violated
the permit; and you promised to pass rules and
regulations In conformity with those of our as
sociation. With that understanding, and only
upon that understanding, and relying upon It,
we took out the permits, j •
1 mit. He resented the insinuations in
the communication.
Before the meeting of the board end
ed action was decisively taken in two
matters. L. G. Sresovich & Co., Gar
cia & Magginl, Mitchell* & Goodall and
G. Kerti & Co. were notified to appear
next Tuesday morning at 10:30 o'clock
to be heard relative to the revocation
of their permits to sell, it having been
set up in an affidavit that they" had
refused to sell to a retailer who was
not a member of the retailers' asso
ciation. To put the board more defi
nitely on record, so that- every one
might understand its purpose fully,
the following, prepared by Attorney
Davis for the board, was, on motion of
Commissioner Kirkpatrick, adopted:
"Whereas. This board desires to lend all aid
possible to carry into effect the provisions of
the act Known as the Woodward act. now
therefore be It
Resolved. That the rules and regulations for
the port of San Francisco adopted by the
Board of State Harbor Commissioners be
amended by adding a new section thereto to
be numbered 45 which section shall read aa
foilov.-s:
No person, firm or corporation shall bs per
mitted to sell any fruit, vegetables, poultry,
*8Ss. honey or other produce commonly known
aa perishable products over and upon any of
the public wharves or other property belong
ing to the State in the city and county of San
Francisco, within the jurisdiction of the Board
of Harbor Commissioners, who Is or who may
become a party to any conspiracy or agreement
or understdndir.gr whereby such person, firm
or corporation shall refuse to sell to any solv
ent purchaser or buy from any person, what
ever within this State: or who does not eell
Impartially and at the same price to all with
in the State who desire to purchase for cash.
without regard to their business or intended
disposition of the products, or who exercise
any discrimination whatever, between buyers
and sellers by reason of their occupation, af
filiations or non-affiliations.
An application for a permit was re
ceived from A. Bruman, 221 Front
street, but no action was taken. The
communication of the representatives
of,the four commission firms that^have
loit their permits through revocation
by the Harbor Commissioners is, in
full, as follows: ¦>
TEXT OF COMMUNICATION.
SOUTHERN' BRANCH ABSENT
Officials Adhere to Rulings Under the ; Woodward /Law
and Suits Follow to Enjoin Interference With Sale
of Perishable Products in Limits of San Francisco
Representatives of the Several
Branches of Presbyterians
to Plan Union ' of Creeds
WILL DISCUSS
CHURCH UNITY
COMMISSION MEN WILL TO-DAY ASK
FOR RESTRAINT OF HARBOR BOARD
THE FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY.^DECEMBER 10, 1903;
I The Precita Valley, Improvement Club
held its annual election of officers at
Powers', .Hall last nisht and after the
/ ejection twenty-seven new members
signed the. roll. The election resulted
as follows:- President., Stephen Af
Byrne ; : vice president, George . Ryan ;
financial secretary, Henry Young:;
treasurer, Dennis Kelly;/ sergeant-at
arms, Arthur Gredlow:; executive com
mittee—John Smith, Thomas Foley.
Richard Miller, John Hayden; Thomas
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FINEST AND LARGEST SELECTION
Paintings Cabinets
Pictures * _ Tables
Miniatures TTflT TT1 A \T Desks
In Bronze III 3 1 1| I Lamps
Marble V:- HwJJllfil'X '• China and
Ivory Glassware
Artistic Pottery
Electric t\ TJ1 |T| fl Shaving,
Fixtures I U'l'V Smoking and
Brass ITl I I ll Card Scts -
Goods ; *J±L A.KJ Thousands
Vases . \" . of Other
Ornaments ':£ . Different
Novelties #^ at Articles.
S. & G. GUMP CO.
Open Evenings. - - 113 Geary St.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
ELrCTBO-CHElUSTHT CURES CA-
TABSE O7 TSE HEAD, CATAHEE OF
TEE TEBOAT, CATARRH OF TSE
EARS. CATAERH OF THE X.ITWO3
A3KTD CO SUI'lT V TlOgAX. CATAEBE OF
EVEBT VABEBTT.
KOBE FBO07I
l" ( ¦* ~ '• ~ \^5-^BHfEoS^K v • '¦''- ¦£ jW!flb ¦¦¦• r'^w Ttf^jWrffii
Mr. T. T. Rea. Palo Alto. CaL
Mr. Rca says: "The Electro-Chemic
treatment :ured me of a serious con-
stitutional catarrh after many physi-
cians had treated me with little suc-
cess. I gladly electro-
chemistry to all In need of a catarrhal
treatment." — T. T. REA, Palo Alto,
California.
CONSULTATION rnrr
AND \Y\\
X-RAYEXAMINATIONI HLL
Specialties — Cos sumption, Caterrb,
Bronchitis. Asthma, Cancers, Tumors,
Deafness, Head and Ear Seises, B&eama-
tisni. Paralysis, ZTetiralcla, Piles, Dli»
' eases ot tee Stcmacn, Liver, Sidneys aad
Bowels. Special Diseases cf Men and "Wo-
men. All dxrsnic diseases.
HOME TREATMENT— H you Uve at a <lii-
'anr-f, try to come for • personal
IT ;od cEiTfcom*. u-rite for lnstasttlon* for
home examination and treatment. . . .
ELECTRO'CflEMIC INSTITUTE,
113 GttABTT ATE.. Cor. Post.
SiTT rr.ANCISCO. I
Offlre Hour*— 3 «. m.- 10 5 p. m.- and 7 to S p. I
tn. «3«Jly; Kun<l«>»»10 a. m. to 1 p. m. -
tcpari.it *£>*ruucsts for la<li>.u and fe&Uemeo. I
. - . PRA.GEBS
ll^p^J Double Green Trading Stamps Given \&*^ 1
I With All Purchases - jP I
|| 1 To-Day^^ >^ ' £ I
I End of the Season Bargain Sale of I
1 Women's Suits, Coats, Skirts and Wrappers 8
1 T"" 1 HIS sale will be the greatest money-saving one ever conducted in this city, and particularly oppor- |
II j[ tune.fbr Christmas gifts. Every garment in stock is absolutely this season's newest style, and many .
H of them have been received only within the last two weeks. There are no broken lines. Usually an offer ll
I anything like this is not made until some time later, but because of the present scarcity of space in the store we f|
Ij are compelled to provide room for .holiday displays. We have an extraordinarily .large Christmas novelty Ij
H stock, and' it is therefore' very necessary that a good part of our cloak and suit section be cleared as quickly If
H • as possible. This is a grand off e r for garments far below the regular values and with the extra inducement 1 J
H -if double green trading stamps should be eagerly taken' advantage of. Early shopping will insure a better i
B selection. Extra salespeople have been secured to wait upon our customers and give them prompt service. |
|| These suits are all this season's styles and are dSSSmt A
M OI cheviots, broadcloth, zibeline and fancy mix- *>3 : H
g| | JslP^te-v $0.95 — For suits that were reduced from $20. >yv^1 ij
|| n^n ''^B Kw S514.95 — Forsuits that were reduced from .$^7.50 / Jv^M^t-K H
II Vf ¦'{[ '• \\i *\6 JUsISk. S17..1O — For suits that were reduced from Sjo. / »7//^S§fv\ 'I
H ¦viJtSra ** '-¦'¦ Vm 'ffiJSsli^ $19.75 — For suits that were reduced from $35. \^)l/{i Ka
II \^^Hm V^^J^^S^ffry ?iI12.5O — Forsuits that were reduced from $37.-0 \£Y ll /f&f^lul rl
P J^^& S^^^^^IT 925.OO— For suits that were reduced from $42.50 §Xli "f/mku/
H tfxf K \4' ; >^ rffiwah $14.95— Peau de soie and taffeta silk coats; r 'J>-j^ / M,U^ "!
H /n^^^-i^-T^T/^^l^^ JP8.95 — Black corset coats; beautifully strapped. Worth $15.00. ~,t *I
P -'y i^^^^\ ? >' \£r wfr^fjpM^ $2.95 — Skirts made of fancy mixtures. Regular $5.00 value. * £*1 Z }J
I ' ONE-HALF OFF ON FURS. WRAPPERS. B
I PETTICOATS. $1.45— Cluster scarfs of gen- . DSc— Fine flannelette wrapper!, I
p 95c— These are made of extra "ine Belgium lynx; six tails, reduced from $1.75. I
II quality of sateen., beautifully fin- Worth $3.00 regularly. , », 4 - v r u n : r » .„.,„, : n U
¦ ished. They sell regularly at $2.45^-Genuine northern mink * 1 -4.*—\ ery choice patterns m D
I $145 cluster scarfs: Six tails. These flannelette wrappers. Worth g
3 . cannot be bought elsewhere • for v— 75- £1
b*i i3^* i &g?i jfc a^ EiMfc. jfK a worth *^.i 00 %^\. X- \ ¦ . *¦ j' 5fl
1 Pi 1238- 1250 MARKET ST.-»^ to JO.OS-Other sets in ermine, Hjooo.i^if ADKFT ST«- ?1
1 \ Thlbct « Angora and squirrel. ; OI.* 8 *^- | |j
g eoeoeeeceoeo® eeeceeooo ©eo©©©oo c»© © ©ooo o oo o oo eoeoooooedodooeooeseoa
[GREATEST LIFE INSURANCE SUOCESS!
f Wonderful Growth in 1903 f
[Conservative Life Insurance Co.!
• !• 358 per cent more business written in Novc— ber of this year than corresponding month of igoa. '¦" O
9 2. 277 per cent more business written 'to date in 1903 than corresponding month of 1902. §
I 3« 3 6 4 P cr ccnt more premiums on new business of November, 1903, than same month in 1902. j?
I 4. 289 per cent more premiums on new business written to date in this year than corresponding period in ©
D 1902. . . ©
I ...AGENTS WANTED... §
5 Note the following advantages: - •
D i. Contract DIRECT with Home Office, instead of under Agent of Eastern company. §
p 2. Quicker returns on your policies. t 5
J 3. Co-operate with your friends tnd neighbors interested in the upbuilding of our own city and State rather *
t than Eastern communities. - , o
jjj 4. More complete personal protection to offer your patrons. ':* • «
J 5. Policies provide for Combination Life, Accident and Health Insurance. All for one premium. •
9 Policies registered with- Insurance Department and Reserves deposited with State Treasurer of Cali- o
fornia. ... V • •
Z A 1 Qllfnt 4 ni'l lArrinafit; •
v . •••/&. voiJiui 11 lei vUlIiUall Vt*i o
B OFFICKS — 230 Montgomery street ami 110, Geary street, San Francisco; Abrahamson building Oakland 2
j> and Ochsner buildlns, Sacramento. ** w™ na > J
l* 9 e&9€)*Q**O9W9O*O9O*OO9O9O9O9W9eO999m •••Od»O«»»»e»Q»»c«««««gInvestigating Liquor Licenses.
MODESTO, Dec. 9.— J. W. " Wilson,
who has twice been arrested here for
disturbing the peace, will be taken to
San Francisco to-morrow and . deliv
ered to the military authorities at the
Presidio on advices from Commander
Morris that he is one' Bert " McGrath,
under sentence for desertion from the
army. McGrath', alias" Jack Wilson,
was sentenced in' last : April to serve a
term at Alcatraz. On the night of May
2, 1902, while; awaiting removal to the,
Federal prison, he made a daring es
cape from the guardhouse at the Pre
sidio, coming to Modesto shortly after
ward with a woman whom 5 he claimed
to be his "wife. Subaequent , develop
ments proved that she~ was thie wife
of another man. She grew tired of Mc-
Grath and j in - order to get', rid of him
gave the lodal authorities "his history.
A constable, will start with him for San
Francisco to-morrow. •
Bert McGrath. Alias J. W. Wilson,
Who Escaped in 1902, Is in« Cus
tody of Civil Authorities.
DESERTER FROM PRESIDIO '
IS ARRESTED AT MODESTO
New York City consumes 2,000,000 bar
rels of. potatoes a year.
" Other delegates arrived oh the af
ternoon and evening trains. This even
ing the visitors went" to the glass
works and witnessed 'the process of
manufacture of window glass.
At the afternoon session there was a
running discussion on street sprink
ling and the adaptability of oiy was
the subject of diverse views. Street
sweeping also received attention. The
local Improvement "law of 1S91 was dis
cussed at Borne. length by City Attor
ney Kincaid of Redwood City.
Among the cities represented at the
opening session were Chico, Yreka, Ne
vada City, San Diego, San Bernadino,
Hanfordi Bakersfleld. Mountain View,
San . Leandro, Visalia, Santa Cruz,
Sausallto, Fresno, Riverside, Pasadena,
Santa Ana, Pomona, Oakland, Santa
Rosa, Sacramento and Petaluma.
STOCKTON, Dec. 9.— With a very
large attendance and under auspicious
conditions, the League of
Municipalities to-day began its sixth
annual convention. One of the Supe
rior Court- rooms -was placed at the
disposal of the league, and every fa
cility is being afforded' the delegates
for work under pleasant surroundings.
After the call to order this morning
Mayor Williams said a few words of
welcome, and • President Clark return
ed the thanks of the delegates. Let
ters of regret were read from Governor
Pardee and former Mayor James D.
Phelan of San Francisco. -A commu
nication was .read from Professor Cory
of Berkeley stating that he would en
deavor to be present some, time during
the session . and deliver a talk on
"Street Lighting." In a letter Secre
tary N. K. Foster of the State Board
of Health' promised to address the
league on -"Milk Supply."
Secretary Mason read his annual re
port. He noted a gain of seven mem
bers during the year, making a total
of ninety-three citizens in the league/
Special Dispatch to The Call
League of California Munici
palities Meets in Sixth An
* nual Session "at* Stockton
painters and poets and musicians wo
are asked to give up these ideals of
higher education in ord?r that we may
survive."
Captain Young was the guest of the
Bachelor Professors' Club at lunch, at
which President Jordan was also pres
ent. . - ¦-¦.-. y : .::z< r ?^
SAN JOSE, Dec. 9.— Mrs. Carrie A.
Moody to-day/ began suit for divorce
.from Charles' E. Moody on the ground j
of desertion^ Moody was formerly in j
the real estate business here and he;
and his wife Vnoved in the upper cir- '
cles of society. She was a Miss Smith, [
daughter of T. O. Smith, a capitalist, j
and before her marriage was a pretty }
and dashing belle of this city. The |
couple • were married on February 14, j
1884. Their life j seemed to have been '
a happy one till 1900, wRen she alleges,
that her husband deserted her. Moody
is now in business in Shi Francisco.
There are ho children or community
property. Mrs. Moody asks for an
absolute divorce. |
Says Husband Deserted Her.
CITY AFFAIRS
ARE DISCUSSED
VENTURA, Dec. 9;— Construction
work was b.;gun in earnest upon the
Ventura- Bakersfield £l*ctric railway in
Oxnard "this morning. The grade stakes
between Oxrard and Huenem'e were ret
last week. More than 10,000 ties have
arrived and five carloads of steel are
on the ground. .-The nrst track to be
laid will lea J from Oxnard to Hueneme.
a distance of four miles. The line runs
along the county road, which is level
and will not require any grading. Then
for freight purposes . the line will b?
laid down Woolley avenue to the sugar
factory and from Woolley avenue down
Saviers roa-.l lo First, jit is proposed to
build from bxriard via El Rio to Ven
tura, From El Rio th«* track will fol
low th< Coneio> road -to north of th»f
county bridge. '¦. A steel structure will
be erected across.. Santa Clara River.
The road will i be .built toward Bakers
flold via Santa Paula, Fillmore and
through Pine "Mountain reservation.
The- road will be' operated by electric
ity when completed. Tlie power will be
generated at Oxnard. though eventually
v.ill be supplied from a plant in the
mountains.
Grade Stokes Are Set and Rails Are
Being LuWFrom Oxnard to'
Hucneiue.
WORK IS COMMENCED
OX NEW ELECTRIC ROAD
MODESTO, Dec. 9.— After being out
but an hour the jury in the case of
LevI P. Reeves, on trial for the mur
der of Summers Moore", brought in a
verdict of not guilty and Reeves was
released from custody. On the morn-
Ing' of September 6 Reeves met Sum
mers Moore on j the j road eight miles
from here and fired two shots into his
body/ killing him. ' There had been
bad blood between the two men for a
year, Reeves claiming that Moore had
attacked his wife while the former was
away from home. The killing created
a great sensation here owing to the
prominence of the persons involved.
Reeves claimed that he shot Moore In
se'.f-defens<v while the prosecution
claimed that Moore was asleep . in his
vehicle when Reeves shot him.-
Summers Moore While Defend
ing Ills Own Life.
Accept Prisoner's Pica That He KiHed
JURORS, IX REEVES CASE
ACQUIT THE DEFENDANT
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 9.—
The last general assembly of the pres
ent semester was held in assembly hall
this morning and Captain Charles
Young of the Ninth United States
Cavalry, one of the very few negroes
who have graduated from West Point,
was the principal speaker.
President Jordan delivered a few re
marks in regard to the . diphtheria
scare, in" which he commended the
work of 'Health Officer W. F. Snow ; and
the Students'. Guild, and- assured the
students that all danger of a diphthe
ria epidemic was over, and that there
had not been a single case of. secondary
infection, hence the use of the word
"epidemic" in connection with the sit
uation.was improper. - . .-
Professor C. Searles o* the Romanic
languages department- addressed the
students on the subject of the support
of student activities, . and condemned
in strong language | the "deadheads"
who occupy the windows of Encinal
Hall during football games and other
athletic, meets instead of paying the
regular admission to the athletic field
and thus aid in defraying the expense
of carrying on college athletics.
Captain Young, the principal speak
er, made a plea to the students on be
half of the colored people of this coun
try. The welcome given the speaker
by the students showed very plainly
that they do not draw the color line in
judging a man. Captain Young aald
in .part: * "The theory of applying in
dustrialism to the negroes as practiced
by Booker Washington at Tuskegee is
all right, but when a black man Is
thus thoroughly trained Industrially
and goes out into the world looking for
work he ( runs up against a union and
is told that he need not apply.' People
who employ black men are often an
noyed by, their ¦: neighbors. We have
been urged as a people to give up our
ideas of higher education, and yet you
know that Tuskegee and such institu
tions could not exist if men. trained in
higher education, men with high ideals,
were not .at the heads of such institu
tions. Even though . we have ¦ great
Commends Health Ofllcer Snow and
Students of Big University for
Work Performed by Them.
PRESIDENT JORDAN SAYS
DIPHTHERIA SC/\RE IS OVER
Professor E. S: Twight addressed the
delegates on "Improvements in the
Bench Grafting of Resistant Stock."
D. D. Allison followed with an inter
esting talk on "The Handling and Mar
keting of the Raisin Crop." :
The last speech of the evening was
made by A. T: J. Reynolds, who spoke
of "The Growers' Co-operative
Agency." . .
A general discussion closed the day's
work. ,- -i.-
"The question of pest on your vines
and Irult trees is one receiving full
attention from the government of this
State. We believe that anything that
will militate against your efforts is
doing an injury to this State, which
State should do everything to work
against.
"Therefore, I wish to assure you
that the government is alive to the dif
ficulties of the situation you are facing,
and is willing, aye, is glad, and wel
comes the opportunity to do whatever
lies in its power to forward your busi
ness and make your ventures more
profitable."
There was a burst of applause when
the. Governor concluded, and Russ
Stephens and Senator Johnson of
Sacramento, respectively, moved' and
seconded a vote of thanks to the
State's - executive, which was carried
with enthusiasm. ;
Senator Rowell followed and spoke as
an observer of things connected , with
the raisin industry in this country and
Europe. . .
Percy D. Morgan read an interesting
paper on the prospects of the wine in
dustry.
•At the close of the afternoon session
Governor Pardee held an informal re
ception on the platform: ..
At the evening session raisin and
wine grapes again formed the general
subject of papers and discussion. Rob
ert Boot, president of the California
Raisin Growers' Association, spoke on
"The Raisin Grape."
"The chairman of this meeting and
horticultural officer of this State have
been good enough at various times to
come into my office * and endeavor to
discuss with me matters which are of
the greatest importance to you, and
therefore to the State. I say 'endeavor'
because the discussion is altogether
one-sided, I knowing little or nothing
of the matter and he being a past mas
ter, but I find there are various prob
lems which should receive and will re
ceive the due attention from the people
of the State and the government of thfa
State, as their magnitude deserves.
"The • question of transportation
seems to me of the utmost importance.
We have two great railway systems,
both utterly unable to take care of
the business California offers them.
Instead of taking your products
quickly to the markets of the world,
it takes time which practically takes
from them a value which' should be
yours. . -I- ¦
The programme contained the assur
ance of helpful papers and the promise
was not disappointed, for the addresses
of Professor Newton B. Pierce of Santa
Ana on the California vine disease,
which Is distinct from phylloxera; that
of T. C. White on the raisin outlook,
i and especially that of Percy T. Morgan,
] president of the California Wine Asso
ciation, were valuable contributions of
great Importance.
Governor Pardee appeared at the aft
ernoon session and his address was the
i feature of the day. He reviewed the
j history of the State during its pioneer
j and gold mining days and spoke of the
I wonderful changes that have taken
J place. He spoke of the part fruit grow
lers have taken in the development of
} the State and the great reward that
! is ours. He concluded as follows:'
FRESNO, Dec. 9.— The feature of the
day's proceedings of the Fruit Grow
ers' Associations convention was the
presence and address of Governor Par
dee. President Cooper took occasion to
mention that the fruit growers in twen
ty-nine conventions, had been honored
only three times by the presence of the
State's executive, and, as was also
pointed out by the chairman, it seemed
particularly appropriate that the Gov
ernor should be there this lime, in view
of the unanimity with which the fruit
growers appear to have agreed that
the problems of to-day are greater
and • more momentous than any that
have hertofore confronted them. To
day was raisin day and was devoted
almost exclusively to the problems
which ar; looming large before' :the
people in parts of the State wheje the
grape is raised. " •
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 9— As a result of
thecoriviction of Florencia Jailles and
hie sentence on June 26 last to twenty
five years In prison on a charge of at
tacking an ' Indian giri, an investiga
tion is' to. be made of the .court pro
ceeding-sat the request of the Mexican
Government. The Mexican Consul in
this; city, 'Senor Lemeli. reported the
case to his, Government and as a result
the request; for an investigation comes
from the highest Mexican authority,
Senor Manuel do Aspiroz, Embassador
Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of
the republic, of Mexico, who addressed
the matter to Secretary of State Hay,
inclosing the copy of the report of
the local Consul, Senor Lomeli, to his
Government. ' Secretary Hay trans
mitted the whole to Governor Pardee
of .this State, from him it was passed
over to the State's Attorney General
and has now found its way tp the of
fice of the District Attorney of this
county.' ,'i . . :
In making his report to ttie Mexican
Government the local Consul took oc
casion to draw a : parallel v between the
case of Jailles; who received a twenty
five-year sentence, and thfit;of H. E.
Proctor, an American, who was held
for an attempted attack on a little girl
at Imperial 'and through an unfor
tunate technicality of law escaped
punishment. In pointing these cases
out the local Consul directly insinuates
that this Avas a discrimination of jus
tice against the citizen of Mexico.
Embassador Aspiroz's letter to Sec
retary Hay states that the guilt of
Jailles appears not to be fully estab
lished and that no such severity has
been exhibited in the same country
and court to puni3h a like offense as
in the case of Jailles.
The Proctor case referred to result
ed in Proctor's release through a tech
nicality, the time limit for trial ter
minating while his attorneys were try
ing to free him in the preliminaries.
While; prospecting ' last September
Craigie ..came .near starving to death
while searching for. Bull. Bull left
camp expecting to return the same
night. After - waiting three days
Craigie' started out to flnd^him, and
for three, days he had only one small
whistler to eat.' Reaching camp nearly
starved he found Bull in the midst of
plenty. Bull had killed a number of
caribou and took time to build a raft
for transporting them before returning.
TApOMA, Wash," Dec. W. N.
Craigie, explorer/ hunter and, trapper,
has arrived at Dawson from the Mac
kenzie Rivtr with a caravan of Peel
River- Indians. Craijgie led the Indi
ans through a ne\vly discovered pass
In the Rocky Mountains which brings
the Mackenzie River three hundred
miles nearer Dawsbn. The old trails
via Porcupine River swung around to
Dawson in a huare ssmiclrcle. The new
trail goes in an almost straight line. ¦
Craigie reached Dawson from, the
new pass, which he named Seela, .in
four rfays. He was the first white
man to cross it and the Indians were
Ignorant of its existence. Craigie is a
partner of George Bull, another Mac
.kenzie River trapper. Four years ago
while Bull was hunting in Twelve Mile
district he looked for a new pass into
the Mackenzie ..River, country, reaching
conclusion that an pass could be
found in th(j vicinity of ' .what is now
known as: Peela pass.. He told Craigie
of his belief," csLusing/Craigle to exam
ine the rarigepn the Mackenzie; River
side and resulting in the discovery now
made! " Last /summer Craigie and Bull
prospected on" Hart River and its.trib
utaries. In the Mackenzie River coun
try. They found indications ' of gold,
3,«d will continue panning next sum
mer. : ,' .
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Death Claims Xcw Orleans Editor.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Dec. 9.— Jacob
Hassfncrer, for many years proprietor
of the German Gazette, is dead, aged
75 years. '
SAN JOSE, Dec. 9. — An unknown
man was found in an unconscious con
dition In the Manila Hotel this
morning. Nothing was found in ths
room to lead to his Identity. He is about
40 or 45 years of age aDd either a Ger
man or a Russian. A couple of dol
lars in silver and a checkbook showing
that a check for $45 had been drawn
by J. C. Staats in favor of himself was
found. . Staats is probably the man's
name. He had been rooming at the
hotel for two weeks and had been liv
ing on canned goods. His condition is
believed to be due to excessive drink.
Found Unconscious in His Itoom.
At Milton the men were met by depu
ties and given supper and hotel accom
modations at the company's expense.
During the night the men were awak
ened and instructed to noiselessly fol
low one of the deputies, who was armed
with a rifle. After proceeding a quar
ter of a mile In the direction of the
mine, ten miles distant, half a hundred
strikers, armed with clubs, suddenly
made their appearance. The escort of
the laborers had his rifle behind him
and made no attempt to U3e it, and the
men themselves made no resistance to
the order of the strikers to leave the
vicinity.
i Thre are 150 strikers in Milton and
the town i3 greatly excited and trouble
is expected.
STOCKTON, Dec. 9.— Armed with
dubs, a mob of about fifty, strikers
from the ftoyal mine at Hodson held
up a crowd of would-be miners under
armed escort early this morning near
Milton, marched them down the track
about a mile and ordered them out of
the vicinity. The order, backed by
brandishing chjbs and forcible lan
guage,, was obeyed in haste.
Such was the story brought to Stock
ton to-day by one of the men who had
a thrilling part in what for a time
looked as though it would terminate in
a tragedy. The man, who had walked
from Milton this morning, stated that
he was one of the forty men who came
from San Francisco on the boats yes
terday morning, having been promised
work in the Royal mine at Hodson by
a San Francisco employment agency.
New Trail Runs in Almost
Straight Line and Will Be
3Ieans s of Saving Much Time
Helpful Papers Read Bearing
on Problems AVhich Confront
Grape Raisers of California
Secretary Hay Directs State
Officials to Examine Into
Proceedings of 4 the Court
Owners of the Royal Property
Near Milton Arc Checkmated
in Attempt to Resume Work-
PR03IISES All) OF STATE
NAMES THE . PASS SEELA
THE .1 1 BIAL IS QUESTIONED
DOUBLE IS NOW FEARED
Requests That Investigation
Be Xade Into the Sentence
Imposed on Florencia Jailles
Wcll-Knov.n Explorer Strikes
•; 3Ioi'o Direct Route to Daw
7 son From Mackenzie jKiver,
Armed AVith" Clubs They Drive
Off Imported Mine Hands
Who Were on AVay to Hodson
Governor Fardcc Delivers an
Interesting Address and Ke
ceives Thanks of. Delegates
MEXICO TAKES
UP THE CASE
STRIKERS MOB
NON-UNION MEN
CRAIGIE MAKES
BIG DISCOVERY
FRUIT GROWERS
IN CONTENTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, THURSDAY. DECEMBER 10, 1003
: WASHINGTON,' Dee. 9.— The ; Presi
dent to-day, sent", to the ' Senate". the fol
lowlne nomination: Harry," E. Myers,
to be Postmaster In Yuba City, Ca!. .
Xcw Postmaster for Yuba City.
SANTA. ROSA, Dec. 9.3The Grand
Jury met^ to-day and considered rou
tine matters. The .liquor licenses of
the county and the road ho uses "< were
considered. At the present time the
matter of issuing liquor licenses is
placed in the: hands of Sheriff Frank
P. Grace, and protests against the is
suance of- licenses have "been of ho
avail. " Grace, besides being Sheriff,
?s owner of the only brewery In So-'
noma County. : '•
6
ADVISBTISEMENTS.
i No Percentage Drug Store i
I Friday v&wherMift- \
j v Wq present free to our patrons on the !
| above > date an | elegant doll, 14 inchesliong,!
[/handsomely dressed^ complete with hat, '
[genuine bisque: heacl, with purchases of '
[50c or over- /' -
j ' • See the dolls in our window.
[ ;;.'-, ¦•..,;. r-r-r-rEverybody vwelcpme=======-
| The M Go.
t 949-951 MARKET STREET
> . ¦• ' - : ' . ¦ : ...... vs.; ¦ . ;..- ¦¦:¦:..;•,./¦ ¦ . ,v -. ¦ . '
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
p|f /*-^» JUS I
yt&M> Plain
¦'vvSvY'Trutn
A.-* Aft»r thoroughly
/\%* ' Investigating all
I^afi'nr Specialist. £>£ d TJS^rJu X
am cf the opinion that my tn*thodj
tr.srl: the limn of medical i>csslb!Ut!es
in Uic cure of rr.c n's diseases. ,
Z core Gonorrhoea permanently
la from tfcrea to ten days.
So-Called Weakness
J Weaknrsj is merely a cytnptoci of
chronic • inflammation of the proztate
rland. which tnjr treatment removes,
ll;creby restoring; ctrc&rth and visor.
X also cure Varicocele, Kydro-
celc, Stricture and Specific Blood
Polsoa by my own original meth-
ofi* — dlffcrirr from those prac-
ticed by any other physlci&a.
t My fees are fair, my cures are
permanent.
DR. 0, C, JOSLEN
Cor. Market and Xearny : Streets.
Private Eatrance. 702 Market Ht.
ANOTHER OF BRYSON'S FAMOUS BEAIHTES
ONE MORE FROM THE GOLD SERIES
TEc Third of This Extraordinary Set >
J^MK l^T^SUM^Y^LL
A Bryson in Gold, absolutely the richest art picture" ever used
for* any purpose by a newspaper.
Admiration is a type of beauty essentially modern. The strong-
est element of modernity of this study, however, is to be found in its
composition. There arc styles in women as well as in everything
el?e. The type preferred to-day ha? not the same element of beautv
which our forefathers most admired, or perhaps that will be admired
by tne coming generation. Almost every year brings a new type of
the "Summer Girl" or the "Golf Girl," etc. The clothes, manner and
mode of dressing the hair contribute much to the creation of an im-
pression that there is an actual change constantly taking place in
the form and features of the fair portion of the human race. It is
possible that new thoughts, ideas and conditions have an influence
upon the form of the body and features and perhaps the color of the
bair and eyes may be affected.
The type portrayed with so n:uch grace and distinction bv Bry-
5on has the characteristic of up-to-date famininity. The-<efined type
of beauty in the figure, the grace of movement suggested in her pose
and the mingled expression of intelligence anj sweetness in her fea-
tures, combined criiii the artislic arrangement of accessories, the
da?h of color and the delicate flesh *ints. make this a"most>beautiful
art £tudy. •' v "
They are ?ll readv to -frame *or tairbe tastily tacked up just as
thev are received, the heavy golt : border serving as a frame. -
• .¦ :s V"- •» '¦¦¦ lif
NO ONE CAN AFFORD TO MISS THIS
IT'S FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Subscribe now for - ' ' : '" • It is San Francisco's
The Daily Call - _ . Greatest Paper
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wrist Bags
For Christinas
At Fair Prices
C ¦"¦ •*¦ ¦ .* " '
All styles of Wrlit Bass,- In Morocco,
Seal. Walrus and other popular materials,
from 50c to $7.
Also a choice line of Shopping Bags.
Card Ca«e», Letter Cases, Wallets, Cigar
Coses and Music Rolls. Popular prices.
Order by mail if you are out cf town..
THAT MAN PITTS
.' The Stationer,
1008 Market Street
Above PowU, Francisco.
FROM THE U. S. LAUNDRY
Your holiday or Sunday-go-to-meetlng
shirt will be one that v.ill be satisfac-
tory in immaculate whiteness and beau-
tiful finish. We havo reached the high-
est, state of perfection in the art of laun-
dering fine linen, and shirts, collars.
cuff3; etc.. coming, from us represent all
that is excellent in. the art of fine laun-
dry work.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 10C4 MABXXTT STB3ET,
Near PowtU." ' ¦'
Phono South 420.
f Holiday Gifts Wf
<> EYE GLASSES (JA
OPERA GLASSES T.)
KODAKS T\
And Other Useful Articlcr.^J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f ftiff tP^rSWi H it Sri 9 a 11 j m O nj
Positively cured by these
Uttlo Pills.
; They also relieve Diztrczz £rora Djsrsrprfa,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A pc-
Sxt rcniedj for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsl.
! ms£ Bad Taste in the Mouth, Ccatcd Tbnjng
i Pain fa the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
: Regulate the Bowcb. Purely Vegetable.
! Small PHI. Small Doso.
¦ __^ — — — — —^—— — — — — •
EVERY.BlMmRRANTB)
OCEAN TRAVEL.
# Steamers lCavs San yran-
elsco as follow*:
Fcr Ketchlkan, Wr»ngel,
Jur.eau. Halne». 8k*«uay.
etc. Alaska— M, «. m . D«c.
2 7 12. 17. rf. 27, Jan. 2.
Change to company's •teas-
ers at 8eatt>.
Kor Vlctorta. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
, j coma Everett. Whateom — 11 a. m., Dec. 2. 7.
. 12 17 22. 27. Jan. 2. Change at Seattle to
• this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
' Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ky. ; at
J Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
' For Eureka fHumboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
' p m Dec 6. 12 IS 24. SO. Jan. 6; Corona.
( l:3O p. m.."Dec. 3. 0.' 13. 21. 27. Jan. S;
i For Los Angeles (via Port Lo» Anyrlea and
: I Redondo). Ban Diego- and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Hw*. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursday", fl a. m-
For Los Angela (via San Pedro and East
: San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucoa. Pert Harford (San
LiUs "Oblspo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 0 a m.. Dec. 3. 11. 13. 27. Jan. 4.
FonUa 9 a. m.. Dec. 7. 13. 23. 31. Jan. 8.
For Ensenada Maffdalena Bay. San Joae del
. Cabo Mazatlan Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
xalia." Quaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
" month. . . - •
For further Information obtain folder.
Right U reserved to change steamers or tail-
inr dates.
TICXET O7FZCZ3 — 4 New Montgom-
| ery street < Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Frelerbt office. 10 Market street. - , v
C. D. DUNAXV. General Pass-nffer Agrent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Deb. 0, 1». 20. Jan. 8, 18.
28. "Oeorie W. Elder" sails Dee. 14. 24. Jan.
3. 13. 23. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR., anil short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail or steamshia and rat:, at LOWEST
I RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
ir.eaU. Steamer sails fo.ot of Sp?ar st.. »t 11
i a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Oen. A*t. Pass. Dept.. I
.' Montgomery st.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
I Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
f AMEBXCAZr X.Z2TE.
! TX»w "JTorlc — Southampton — London.
N.Tork.Doc. 1!>.9:3O amlPhila, Jan. 2. V»:3:> am
St PauI.Deo.2ti. 9:30 am]St.Loui».Jan.» 0:30 am
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Aftjr January 1. 1304. American Line »team-
J ers from New York for Southampton will call
! at -Plymouth and Cherbourg to land mails and
passengers for London and Paris.
¦ ATLANTIC TBAITSPOBT I.I1IE.
i ' Sew Yori — London Direct.
i Menom'ne.Dec. 19.9 am:Mlnnehaha.Jan.2, 5 *m
Mln^pMs.Dep.Sti. 10 amlMesaba. Jan », 9 am
On5y First-class Passengers Carrlei.
! Portland — I^verpool— Short sea passage.
¦ Canada Jan. 2!Canada Feb. rt
i Dominion Jan. 23(Domlnlon Feb. 27
BSD STAS I.I3TE.
i Krw TTorl: — Antwerp — Paris.
Krn'ld.D»c.l0,10:3i» an»| Finland. Jan am,
Zeelnd.Dec.2ti. 10:30 am I Vadlnd. Jan. 0,10:30 am,
WHTTB STAB I^JTE. v l
XTew York — Qneenstows — HverpooL ¦
•• Sailing Wednesdays.
Oceanic Dec. 1**, 4 pm I Majestic. -Jan. 6, noon
Teutonic. D-'C. 23, noon Celtic. .. .Jan. 13. 2 pm
! Celtic... Dec. 30. 1 pmlTeutonle.Jnn.20. 10 am
Boston — Qnseastown — Liverpool.
Cymric Dec. 24, Jan. 2» Feb. 25
Cretie Jan. 14, Feb. 11. Mar. 10
BOSTON aEZDXTESSAinSAjr SSBVZCS.
Azores, Gibraltar. Jfrnplas, Genoa.
REPUBLJC (new) Jaa 2. Feb. 35. Mar. 2«
ROMANIC Jan.- 18. Feb. 27, Apr. »
CANOPIC Jan. 'M. Mar. 12
C. D. TAXLOR. Passenger Agent Pac'flc Coast.
21 Post st.. San FrancUco.
IS&t&tXS. MARSEILLES." C£j/aJ^ j
REPUBtJC (new). Jan. 2. Feb. 13, Mar. 2«
ROMANIC ....Jan. 18 Feb. 27. Apl. 9
CANOPIC Jan. ¦UK Mar. 12
<S*nd for rates and illustrated booklet.)
. These steamers are the larcift in the
Mediterranean service.
Flrrt class. $73 and ISO upward. accord-
Ing to date of salllnz.
Boston to' Liverpool ou-c'nL,
CYMPIC Dec. 21." Jan. 2S. Feb. 25
CRETIC Jan.' 14, Feb. 11. Mar. 10
First clan, |65 upward. For p>ans, etc..
address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-81 State st.,
Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Post st.
TOYO KISEN KA1SHA,
(ORIENTAL. STEAMSHIP CO.) *
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First ar>4 ,
Erannan streets, at 1 x>. m., for YOKOHAMA j
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo), ¦
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connectins at
Hongkong - with steamers ftfr India, etc. No
cargo received en board en day of sailing.
S. S. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manl'a)
:.: .- Wednraday. December 30. 1203
S. S. AMERICA MARU ;.;'.
.....Monday. January 25. 130*
S. S. HONGKONG MARU ..-..
'.:.. ....Wednesday. February 17, 1904
. Via Honolulu. Rour.d-trir> tickets at reduced
j rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
! pany's offlce." 421 Market streets, corner First.
I W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
-S. S. VENTURA, f&r Honolulu. Same*. Auck-
land acd Sydney, Thuridsy4t)ec. 10, 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolu:^- De«.ia. 11 a.m.
Sk S. MAR1POSA;- fcr Tahlft, Jan.". iao4.
<U. SPSBKIS k BKi&. *gft..rsletSCSs,143 SarMl
Irs5StCI&i.ia SirW SL.f 2r b. 7, f acift tL
COSWAOHli etSIiULB TRAX3ATIA.XTiqUS.
DIRECT IJNE TO HAVRE-fARIS. jf^—
SailiiiK tvtry Tnursday Inatead cf WCjfJgf*)
Saturday, at 10 a. rn.. Uom Pier 42. »* ral *»
North River, foot cf Morton street.
First 'daw to Havre. |7t> and upward. Sec-
ond claas to Havre. 1*3 and upward. GEN-
ER\L. AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CAN*D\ 32 Broadway (Hudson Building;.
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. Q Montsnmery avenue. San • Frandaco.
Tlek'ts raid hy all »»Hro»<l Tlcfeet Agents.
Mare Islaafl »aa Vallejo Staamara. _
Steamer Gen FRISBIEor MONTICKi^LO—
9:15 a. m.. 3:15 and S:.U) p. m.. except Sunday^
Sunday. &:t5 a. m.. S:"i> p. m. Leave Vallejq,
7 a. tn.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day,' 7 a.m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare; 90 cents. Tei.
Main 1S0&. Pier 2; Uls»Ioa-st. dock. -UATCU
,:BROS-- .. :. * '' t i'Jts-f-j** ¦>HIS GRACE ARCHBISHOP J.
J. HARTY, NOW IN THIS
CITY. ¦ .
Gulllett'i Christmas extra mine* , pies, Ice
cream and cake.' 'Mb Larkin st;; t el. East 19S.*
Indian and ' Mexican! roods, burnt novelties,
beads, Cal. souvenirs. The Curio, 32 Eddy.' •
, Plain' pongees Iwiir not; be as ex
tensively; next \ season.- but 'new striped
effects that will certainly be' very popular
are, to be Introduced. Buy, your gas range
now from San • Francisco . Gas and Elec
tric Company, 415 Post street. •
Supervisor Resigns. From Office.
MARYSV1LL.E, - Dec. O.^-iW. B. Fil
cher," Supervisor of the Third District
of Tuba County, has tendered his res
ignation to GovernbfPardee. Fllcher
was requested 'to. resign by the Grand
Jury at a. recent meeting.
Found Herself a~ Prisoner.
Mrs. Bertha - Zelglej, an 'elderly;;wo
man residing on Tenth avenue, entered
the " Adams building on Kearny street
early.'. last evening with a view of visit
ing the- headquarters of the Christian
Science Society. • Failing to locate' the
latter, she wandered' around the corri
dors for several; hours, and when; she
decided to leave the building she v "dis
covered'that the doors had been locked/
Realizing it'liatt she had "teen made an
involuntary prisoner, she became fright
ened . and; ¦.frantically endeavored, for
some ;tinie to • attract the - attention of
passingV pedestrians, but failed; until
shortly after 9 . o'clock/, when .Sergeant
Shaw, and • Officer. Kreamer. discovered
her predicament -arid k released her.; , '. "¦¦')
Framing the Picture
Is "sometimes as difficult as naming the
baby. You ' will .find the task ; an. easy
one if you bring. your pictures (o us and
try HheJ. moldings and mats ' here.--; We
have so ¦¦ many 'varieties of moldings and
such exquisite ones that a satisfactory
selection is quickly made. Sanborn.Vail
&Cq., 74l-,Market street. ,» •
STRnvE OF BUTCHERS
REMAINS UNCHANGED
Members of Union May Succeed in
Tying Up the Slaughter-houses
of Miller A Lux.
The strike of. the butchers in the
slaughter-houses of Miller & Lux is
still on and there seems but little pros
pect of an early settlement, as both
sides are firm in their demands and de
termined to fieht the issue to an end".
The strikers are working among the
npn-unlon men, trying to get them to
join the union. If they succeed the
business of Miller & Lux will be tied up.
It is probable that the doakmakers*
strike will soon be brought to an end,
as both the employers and the strikers
are anxious for a settlement.
¦ Secretary "^O. E. Tveltmoe of the
Building Trades Council - s was given a
hearty, welcome by thejinembers of the
councli when he returned from . the
East a few days ago and was congrat
ulated on having secured for this city;
the convention of the National Federa
tion of Labor next year. .
Walter -J. Joyce, financial secretary
of the t Laborers' Protective Union,
brought charges against Thomas Rea
gan, a member/of the union, asking
that Reagan be expelled. . At .a meet-
Ing held last night' the executive com
mittee . of the union Investigated the
matterand dismissed the case without
even reading; the charges., It decided
that the charges were brought by . JV>yce
out of a spirit of revenge."
Charles Blackman and Fred Hart
well Accused of Breaking Into
a House at 12 3Iary Street.
Charles Blackman, 11 years of age,
and Fred Hartwell, .12, were arrested
yesterday morning by Policemen Scott
and Flynn and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of burglary. They
will be sent to the Juvenile Court.
Blackman was out on probation from
this court when arrested. .
The boys are accused of breaking
into a house at 12 Mary street, be
tween Mission and Minna, on Decem
ber 2, while'there was no one at home.
They forced open several trunks be
longing,',to three Italian fruit ped
dlers and stole, $40.
According:; to Policeman Scott, who
Is' attached to. the poys' and. Girls'
Aid -Society/- Blackman is one of the
worst boys that:have come under his
observation. - About a year ago he and
two' other boys held up a fourth
youngster in Golden Gate Parkland
forcibly took a $5 gold piece from
him, which his uncle had presented to
him/ - . • - ¦¦ • : .
BOY BURGLARS ARE SENT
TO THE JUVENILE COURT
CONVERSES WITH STRANGER
AND LOSES HIS MONEY
Purse Is Snatched From A. G. Lee of
Ogden by a Chance Acquaintance
in Buena Vista Park.
A. G. Lee. a visitor from j Ogdeny
who intended taking his ¦- departure
this morning, secured a warrant yes
terday for the arresrSf "John Doe"
on a charge of grand larceny. '
Lee went out to Golden Gate Park
on Tuesday with a camera and after
taking some snapshots made his way
to Buena Vista Park. While there
he was approached by a stranger. wHo
pretended to be ignorant of the local
ity. After conversing for a few min
utes the stranger suggested that Lee
should toss up a coin for cigars. Lee
replied that he did not smoke, but to
humor the stranger pulled out his
purse and selected a 50-cent piece.
They flipped the coins till Lee said
that, as the. sun was going down, he
would have to take a photograph. He
pulled hfs purse, containing $8(£ out
of his pocket to put back the 50-cent
piece, when the stranger snatched the
purse and ran. Lee pursued him till
the stranger stopped and putting his
hand in his hip pocket warned Lee
not to follow him or he would be kill
ed. Lee kept a respectful distance
and the stranger disappeared. Detec
tives Ryan and Taylor ar^ looking for
the stranger.
Lapique Must Stand Trial.
Jean Lapique, who has been before
the courts for a number of years and
who has the honor of being the oldest
inmate of the County Jail, was up be
fore the Examiners of the Insane yes
terday and declared sane. He was re
turned to his old cell on Broadway and
will appear before Judge Cook on next
Saturday and have h!s case set.
Archbishop J. J. Harty of St. Louis,
recently consecrated at Rome and del
egated to the diocese of Manila, ar
rived in this city yesterday, accompa
nied by his secretary, Mgr. Fowler, for
merly of Sioux City, arid Is registered
at the Palace. The distinguished
Catholic prelate will leave for his new
see on the steamer China,. which sails
next Saturday, a fact which was cabled
to Bishop Guidi, the apostblic repre
sentative In the Philippines, «yesterday.
Archbishop Harty received his ap
pointment i.o Manila on June 6, it being
one of the last official acts of the 'ate
Pope Leo XIII. He was later called to
Rome and on August 15 he was duly 1
consecrated by Cardinal Satolli, acting
under the direction of Pope Pius, the
ceremony being participated in by the
members of the American colony and
the students of the American College
of Rome. As a memento of the solemn
occasion, the new Archbishop to-day
proudly carries with him a golden
cross of beautiful workmanship, pre
sented tb him by Pope Plus, who se
lected it from the relics of • the late
Pope Leo, It being a present to the
latter at one of his Jubilees.
Regnrding his future work in • lite
Philippines. Archbishop Harty said
last night that he had not as yet de
cided on anything definite.
PRELATE'S FUTURE PLANS.
"I have no plans," remarked he. "ex
cept that it is my intention to imme
diately take up the work as I find it
when I reach Manila. The Holy See
has already outlined the work of the
church in the Philippines. We are ex
pected to act along educational lines,
and it Is especially. to the improvement
of the schools and the colleges that we
are expected to give our greatest at
tention. Before his death Pope Leo ap
pointed Bishops to all the dioceses of
the islands. As to my own position in
the city of Manila, while it does not in
any way Interfere with the work of
the outside Bishops, it is, in a way, one
to which certain matters may be re
ferred. All the Bishops of the Philip
pines are. like myself, Americans. The
request was made to the Holy See by
this Government to appoint only Amer
ican Bishops and to this request the
Pope gave his full approval, for he
clearly appreciated the need of teach
ing the natives of the Islands to be
loyal to this country and its tlag.
Throughout \hfe war with Spain the
Catholic church of this country, as Is
well known, maintained its loyalty to
the highest degree to the United States
and it is endeavoring to inculcate the
same feeling in the new subjects In that
far-off possession."
PROUD OP HIS PAST WORK.
While Archbishop Harty leaves for
hia new see with the fondest of antici
pations, he nevertheless leaves behind
him some "regrets for the happy sphere
that he has been compelled to abandon.
He was born in St. Louis fifty-one
years ago and received his spiritual
education there, being a graduate of
the St. Lauls University and the St.
Vincent Theological Seminary.
"Twenty-five years ago," said he last
evening, "I was ordained a priest, and
for fifteen years I .presided over the
destinies of St. Leo's parish, which I
founded, and in.which I built a church,
a residence and a ¦ school building,
which aggregate in', value something
like $250,000. I have patiently watched
my parish grow and naturally I feel
proud of the success that: I have
achieved In my clerical capacity. I
have left behind me a parish of loyal
people, who reposed in me their fullest
confidence and never missed an oppor
tunity to demonstrate the fact. It is
therefore but natural that I should
show some regret In bidding thesegood
people farewell, and the greatest con
solation I find is In the hope -that I
will accomplish as much good In my
new sphere."
Before leaving St. Louis- Archbishop
Harty turned over to his parishioners
his personal . property, amounting to
about $14,000, retaining only, sufficient
money to carry him through, to the
Philippines. He felt that he was about
to begin life anew, and wanted to start
afresh as he had done years. ago, wrieh
he undertook the building up of "St.
Leo's parish in St. Louis. The Arch
bishop's journey westward was by way
of Los Angeles, where he has a number
of friends, and where he received quite
an ovation on his arrival ; there last
week. Yesterday, shortly after, his ar
rival in this clty.-he and his secretary
paid their respects^o Archbishop, Rlor-^
dan and Archbishop Montgomery.' To
day he and his secretary will visit the
Catholic Theological Seminary at Men
lo Park.' ' i' A '.'¦'' ' . v*-
Buyers of Christmas Presents
Should visit Andrews' Diamond Palace,
221 Montgomery street, and see the large
stock of diamonds, watches and jewelry
lowest prices. Open evenings. •
Eight restaurants that had closed
under orders from the Restaurant
Keepers' Association - opened their
doors for business yesterday and are
on the suspended list. Most of these
houses are known as bakery restau
rants. They are conducted by Ruedl
ger, Loesch & Co., Ill Larkin street;
Art ten, | Etcher & Co., 228 Kearny
street; Vienna Cafe, 222 Sutter street;
Detjen & Mengel. 35 Market street; P.
Westerfeld & Co.. *&65,and 1035 Market
street; Peterson & Bertelsen, 247 Grant
avenue, and Poll! & Payan, 317 Powell
street. ¦ '.;.'.-.
All the other eating-houses, number-
Ing, about thirty-five > in all, remain
closed. The Restaurant Keepers' As
sociation is determined to win and' In
tends to stand firm. On the other hand
the Cooks' ' and Waiters' unions : be
lieve they will be victorious. Officers
of both unions say that the men and
women who have lost their places by
reason of the closing of certain res
taurants have secured employment
elsewhere. , , ..
Peter Peterson, a restaurant keeper ,
at 621 Kearny > street, has posted a
sign on his window Informing the pub
lic that he will reopen for business to
day. Shortly afterward the sign was
read by a walking delegate of the
Walters' Union and the latter entered
and tried to get Peterson to sign the
agreement. ' Peterson refused ¦ and the
walking delegate ordered a union man j
to. walk out of the place. Peterson
gave up the plan. and tore down his
sign. He will remain closed.
Both sides are holding, meetings
dally. Each Is waiting for the other to j
make overtures and neither will start
the . ball . rolling toward a settlement.
M. Johnson, chairman of the executive
committee of the Restaurant Keepers'
Association, said last evening that it
was up to the unions to move. He
said the association had closed many!
restaurants and would not settle untli 1
certain clauses In the new agreement
were either stricken out or amended.
He reiterates that the unions have no
right to Ignore the association or try to
compel individual members to sign the
agreement. Mr.. Johnson is sanguine
of victory and actually claims one.
There is a rumor that both sides will
come together to-morrow for : confer
ence. ; : ' *
Gooch's oyster-house, on Ellis street,
near Powell, will close at 6 o'clock. this
morning in sympathy with the asso
ciation. ,
The local joint executive board of
the unions involved in the difficulty Is
sued the following statement last
night: / . ,
¦ ''There has appeared in the dally
press as coming from Mr. Johnson,
chairman of the Restaurant Keepers'
Association, a statement to the effect
that they had notified the. ; Cooks' and
Walters' 'Union of a desire to meet with
their representatives.
"If any communications to that effect
have been sent to either the Cooks'
Union, the Waiters' Union or to the
undersigned executive board. ' such
communications have not reached the
above mentioned bodies.
"To the contrary, when the Restaur
ant Keepers' Association sent an ulti
matum to the unions that unless the
employes of the Central Restaurant, on
Ellis street, were ordered back by 10
a. m.. Saturday they would close their
places of business, the unions appointed
a committee to go before the Restaur
ant Keepers' Association,' which was
to assemble that same afternoon.
"Our request for a conference with
the Restaurant Keepers' Association
was refused by Mr. Johnson, chairman
of the executive committee.
"The unions are and always have
been ready and willing to meet the em
ployers." ¦ . ¦ ; ¦ )' .
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— Republican
national committeemen are arriving
in Washington for the quadrennial
meeting, which will open on Friday in
the Arlington Hotel. With this van
guard of the men who decide the date
and location of the next national con
vention come the convention boomers.
Some of them are already on the
gTound, comfortably located in head
quarters, and prepared, through the
proper committees, to talk eloquently
in favor of their respective cities. .
The question of representation In the
next convention, as expressed in circu
lar letters sent out by General Brayton
of Rhode Island, is a topic of no little
interest to the committeemen. Most of
the committeemen who have arrived
agree that they have no authority to
say what the basis of representation
shall be in the call to be Issued for the
convention. The most • the committee
ca'n do, they say, is to pass a resolu
tion recommending that a basis w'hich
will reduce the number of delegates
from the South be adopted.
This view of the situation in part is
sharrd by Postmaster . General
Payne. member of the commit
tee from Wisconsin, and vice
chairman both of the national com
mittee and of the executive committee.
Payne is the father of the Idea for re
duced representation and urged It
stoutly In the Philadelphia convention.
•"I still favor my plan and believe it
ought to be adopted," said Payne to
night, "but I am aware that It Is a
matter which the convention must pass
upon. The committee may discuss It at
the approaching meeting If Mr. Hanna
chooses to rule it in order, but the
committee, as I understand it, cannot
take any decisive action."
The talk about the date for the con
vention seems to favor the Tuesday
nearest the middle of June. The senti
ment in favor of Chicago as the conven
tion city Increases, so that among the
delegates now here it is regarded as a
foregone conclusion that that city will
be selected.
not be easily overestimated. The United
States in entering upon its task in the
Philippine Islands enjoyed the very
great advantage of Spain's preliminary
work.
"Through Spanish influence and
precept the Filipinos have attained a
noteworthy ..distinction among the
peoples of the Far East for their good
manners and generally dignified bear
ing. As instructors and models- In
thlsdepartment Ihe Americans would
have been greatly Inferior to the Span
iards; for the American's manners do
not constitute a conspicuous claim to
distinction. He goes to t"he islands
as the representative of a superior civ
ilization, but his personal superiority
docs not appear In his manners. In
this respect the Filipino outranks
him. The American, however, jus
tifies his presence as a leader and a
teacher in the Islands by the fact that
his mission begins where the mission
of the Spaniard ended. The Spaniards
taught the Filipinos the forms of en
lightened society; the Americans are
expected to give them an opportunity
to acquire its open-minded, liberal
and humane spirit." ¦ ¦'."
SELF-GOVERXMENT.
After speaking of the civil govern
mental offices created in the Philippine
Islands, Professor Moses continued:
"In the municipalities or townships
the first steps were taken toward the
establishment of local self-government.
The president, vice president and the
members of the Municipal Council are
elected. But In view of the limited
knowledge and experience of the bulk
of the inhabitants, it was found to be
expedient to confine the privilege of
voting in the beginning to. a compara
tively few persons. It was confined to
those who had held some of the princi
pal municipal offices prior to the Amer
ican occupation, those who had prop
erty valued at 500 pesos, or who had
paid taxes to the amount of 30 pesos,
and those who could read, write and
speak English or Spanish.
"By granting this privilege to the lim
ited number of persons who had thfe
qualifications required an opportunity
was given to the people to acquire the
first elements of the knowledge neces
sary to enable them to govern them
selves. This provision was in marked
contrast with the law established in
Porto Rico and Hawaii, which con
ferred the highest privileges of citi
zenship alike upon the fit and the unfit
An important branch of the govern
mental organization is that which em
braces the system of public istruction.
DOUBTER AND CRITIC.
"At this point the doubter and the
critic apaear and wish to know the
reason and the ground of the author
ity which one* nation exercises over a
part or.the whole of an alien people,
as when the United States assumed to
Bet up a government in the Philippines.
Sometimes a reference to the political
tendency of the age suggests a reply;
and of the tendencies of this age none
is more conspicuous than the rise of
a few great nations to dominate the
world- In political as well as in ecd-'
nomical affair's the tendency is to de
velop larger effective units for control.
"One of thf- consequences of this *.ari
dency- is the hope which It brings of
permanent peace and order. -When the
small nations shall have become either
absorbed or relegated to positions of
virtual dependence, only the great na
tions amone themselves will be able
to disturb the peace of the world. But
these great nations will find*- peace,
with a mutual" understanding as to the
method of settling difficulties,- more ad
vantageous tb^an war, for. among the"
great nations of fifty years hence war
to ( a finish or, to the point of.subjuga
tion will be an impossibility.". .
UEBLIN. Dec. 0, — The palllrur orders of the
German Gulf of Mexico miuartron are so drawn
up that at \<-?fi one and possibly several vts
r*]« will call at New Orleans toward the end
of Jinuary.^|t^gfflH
Special Dispatch. to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash..Dec. 9.— After wait-
Ing sixteen mq'nthsf Governor McBrlde
and Attorney General • Stratton to-day
decided to at once -pay the reward of
$2500 offered . by Governor : McBride In
August, *1902, for the. capture, alive or
dead, x of outlaw Harry Tracy. The
money will be paid to 'Maurice Smith
and" four . other ¦ -farmers of Lincoln
County., who engaged Tracy in combat
one drfrk night in a' wheat. field. Tracy,
who was shot; and .wounded, killed him
self before: morning rather than be cap
tured*ira.N«3rt-«m6rnIng ; ;^he Sheriff of
Lincoln County and other^niemjjg^s of
his posse arrived in time to asStef
Smith's party in. beating .through the >
wheat field and In. finding Tracy's body-
The Sheriff's party get-up a, claim for,
part of the- reward and -brought a^uir
in, the Superior Court, which, they lost.
The time for appeal .having, expired.
Governor; •- McBride .desired- before
Christmas to" reward .the men who
brought Tracy's career to^an end.
Several county rewards will also be
paid. The question of Governor Mc-
Bride's authority to offer a reward of
more than $1000 has been waived by all
concerned. . ¦-,.-. -
• £ VICTORIA, B. CDeafc— Edna Wal
lace* 1 Hopper, , the actress who .Is suing
James Dunsmuir, gave evidence in the
trial here "to-day,. She. said she first
knew the, late Alexander Diinsmulr
when a child in the Seventies.; "She had
been sent to-.boardlng-school."*by. hfm.
He treated' her; kindly^— She went ti>
live with him and her mother at San
Francisco in lSSS-and-lSS6. -She. noticed
that Dunsmuir drank excessively then.
He had hallucinations 'and* wanted to
sign checks always.' when In. that con
dition. She told of her life, with her
mother and Dunsmuir' at San Francis
co and of how she had been sent frbm
school "one- day with a note to her
mother. She then told her mother that
'she had been sent from sclwol because
her mother's name, was; Wallace and
his was Dunsmuir. "The witness also
told of how, when a child,' Alexander
Dunsmuir had sometlraea^icked her
out of bed when sound asleep and
placed her in a tub; of coltl ?> water. >-'
Eventually, the -witness _tql<I Duns
mulrthat, as her mother -was, not ac
knowledged as Mrs. Dunsmuir, she
would go away. He persuaSecF.her not
to-.-but durlnghis absence she wentitu
New York and went on the stage. She
next saw Dunsmuir in 1S92. when play
ing an engagement -at San Francisco.
He was then drinking heavily and'not
strong enough to romp with her as- he
had formerly done. She saw him again
in 1897. He was very weak and child
ish from excessive drinking.
She will be cross-examined to-mor
row by E. P. Davis for the defense.^
: L. P. Duff, for plaintiffs, to-day ap
plied for a commission to be held at
San Francisco to take the evidence of
Louise Bailey, a maid who had been
employed by Mrs. Dunsmuir, her hus
band refusing to allow her to come to
.Victoria. . Justice Drake refused Jthe
application. It will be renewed on the
arrival of the San Francisco counsel,
who has been telegraphed for.
Professor Bernard Moses, one of the
commissioners who represented the
United States Government in the Phil
ippines, and now of the University of
California, delivered a most interesting
address last night before the Channing
Auxiliary and friends at the First Uni
tarian Church. Every seat in the edi
fice was occupied long before Mrs. C.
E. Grunsky introduced the lecturer.
The : subject chosen by Professor
Moses was "The Old and the New
Regime In the Philippines." He began
with an illustration of the character of
Spain's policy with reference . to the
Philippines and to her colonies gener
ally.
Professor Moses said in part:
•Now that Spain has fallen from the
relatively high position which she once
occupies and her colonies have either
become Independent states of been
brought under the authority of other
nations, it Is almost inevitable that her
achievements should be* underesti
mated; for failure In politics and war
leads the world generally to think
¦lightly of all the t/ther products of a
nation's activity.
SPAIN'S ACHIEVEMENTS.
"The political and military decline of
Spain are likely to give rise to new
and lower estimates of Spain's achieve
ments in behalf of civilization, and it
is quite possible that these estimates
will be erroneous; that Spain in her
weakness will not receive just credit
for her great achievements in the days
of her power.
"It has, in fact, become fashionable
to speak lightly of Spain's work in ex
ploring and colonizing America and the
islands of the Pacific. But this flippant
Judgment, uttered a thousand times
daily, is not the final word respecting
Spain's contribution to civilization,
whether it is rendered in reference to
the .affairs of the peninsula or of the
colonies. The American has always
found it difficult to appreciate the
achievements of the Spaniards, partly
because of political rivalry and partly
b?cause of the wide divergence of their
aims and the unlikeness of their na
tional points of view. The Spaniard is
conservative, while the American is
radical. The Spaniard is polite, and
attaches grreat importance to forms of
speech and ceremonies in social inter
course. The American is unconven
tional in speech, and regards the cere
monious politeness of the Spaniard as
the manifestation of a certain human
weakness. The Spaniard is skillful in
formulating: rules and methods. The
Am^riccn is prompt fn action.
•"In estimating the results of Spain's
influence in the Philippine Islands we
have to take into consideration not
only the persistently benevolent inten
tions of the King, but also the uncon-:
trolled malevolence of subordinate of*
fleers and irresponsible private per
sons. The King might design the well
being of the islanders, but if his agents
had other designs, he was powerless to
carry out his intentions; for it must
be remembered that during the greater
part of the Spanish colonial period the
Crown had only the roost infrequent
and often indirect communication with
the Philippines.
GAIN PRACTICAL. IDEAS.
The Filipinos under Spanish influence
became formally Christians and the
church, in the course of the centuries
It has dominated them, has impressed
upon their minds a large number of
practical ideas. Through the influence
of these ideas the Filipinos have, to a
certain extent, been turned away from
the Oriental point of view and made
to see things as Spaniards see them.
•They have been brought with respect
to -many particulars to ¦ 'occupy > the
Spaniard's point of. view, .
-. "As the Spaniard, through long con
tact with the Moors .and thelnfusion
of a certain amount" of Jewish : and
Moorish blood, has become something
of an Oriental, so the Filipino, through
long contact with the Spaniard and. the
infusion of a certain amount of Euro
pean blood, has become something of a
European.
"The importance of bringing an Ori
ental people under European law can-
Proposal to Reduce Representa
tion From Southern States
Finds Numerous Adherents
Declares Polish of Castilian
Standard Could , Not 'Have
Been Given by the Americans
Governor of Washington De
". cides to Recompense ' .Men
Before the Holiday Season
Actres^ Declares That Decedent
'¦ Hfid^Haflueinationsrand He
j Wanted; -to . Sign , €heck3
Some Eating-Houses Reopen
and Are Suspended by Organ
ization to Which They Belong
SPEAKS
TELLS- OF -LEAVING HOME
CHICAGO IS IN THE LEAD
ABOUT MANNERS
OVERTURES ARE AWAITED
OTHER CLAIMANTS "FAIL
Republican National Commit
teemen Gather in Washing
ton to Plan for Convention
Restaurant Keepers^ Association
and the Cooks' and Waiters'
Unions Far From Agreement
Farmers Who 'Were in at the
Death of. Outlaw Tracy. Are
to Be Paid for His Capture
Edna Wallace Hopper Gives
. Important TestiinonyMn the
. Case on Trial at Victoria
Professor Moses Says Influence
for Good of That Kingdom on
Filipinos Is Underestimated
The Distinguished Catholic Prelate Carries
With Him a Souvenir From Pope Pius
Selected From Relics of Late Pontiff
PARTY LEADERS
ARE ASSEMBLING
GIVES SPAIN
SOME CREDIT
SAYS DUNSMUIR
DRANK HEAVILY
NEITHER SIDE
ASKING TERMS
END OF FIGHT
FOR REWARD
ARCHBISHOP HARTY OF MANILA
HERE ON WAY TO HIS NEW SEE
THE SAN-FRANCISCO QVLW THURSDAY,' DECEMBER/ 10/ 1903.
7
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
FROM FOUR STATES.
Testimony to the Kflleacy of the Xcw
Scientific Dandruff Treatment. ;
* James C." Rowe of Livingston. Mont.:
"Herpicide cured my dandruff ana
stopped my hair falling." ¦;¦'¦-
Orange McOmbs. St. Anthony. Idaho:
""HrrpicSAe cleaned my scalp of dandruff
and made my hair soft as silk and glos-
jjy." - *
\V. H. Otis, barber. Champaign. 111.:
"I used lierpicide on one customer for
dandruff and on another for falling hair
with excellent results."
j? w. Woody <a3<l?tajit postmaster).
f'hainpmign. HL: "H<rpiclde completely etop-
r»e<J my faHin* hair."
J. J. Bent>>\ SJverldan, Wyo.: '"HcrpJclde
for oleer.ln* th» scalp."
Sold- by leadinc draerl^ts. S*nd 10c In
namp* for ramcie to The Herplcide Co., De-
troit. Mich.
¦ .-¦¦ ¦--^¦.
Infants /&L invalids^?
If you want your baby to grow
and be strong, healthy and
happy, use Mellin's Food.
70 beautifully printed p«e«s of helpful hint*
ibout ~ The C«xe and Feeding of In£»nt»,"
bouua in cloth, . will be »erst you free if you
csk(sr:t.
MELX-INS FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
a «¦••¦ m mm Corrd to FTAT CURED. C*mo
H I J I li Iff! H M«P «1 !«•:**% n .rjthliicr. 8*
¦ ¦ W I IBIIII1 auy wb»r». No farther nt*i •'
m^Uioc*. Book 60 FREE. Ninety r»r»«. *IUh«it
A«Ajba u.s li v fete*. 2. HwolO Hay ei, BuSUo, 2T.T.
ADVERTTaTTETTi-WTSL
•tides are much higher in price JS |»
therefore like to set our patrons * * I
right and give them the facts:— that most fursars I
- really cheaper, than they have been and that thfe
accounts for the city being flooded .with a lot of
Eastern made cheap stuff, which is being offered
at a really higher price than its true value. . \
We have inaugurated a special department for? pop-
ular iiir neckwear, such as is being. used -this
season, and will guarantee that bur prices are
lower for first-class articles which we offer than
inferior goods are now being sold for. :- /
As all goods are of our own manufacture, we are
able to guarantee every article we sell as to
quality and price. Each garment bears our name
andtrade mark,, with the selling price marked
FOUR-IN-HAND SCARF in Mink, as illustrated,. for $15.00,
or in Siberian Squirrel for $17.50. These'scarfs are also -X
made in all other popular furs. • .
: SABLE FOX SCARF, as illustrated, $6.00. Similar to illus-
'tration; extra quality, $8.00. .
SABLE FOX SCARF, extra Jong," $10.50. Extra quality, f .
$12.50.
fASTRAKAN JACKET, as illustrated, a Very stylish garment \
'¦; of excellent quality, made of full skins (no piecing) and."
'lined with best quality of brocaded ssfin, $60.00. - * -^ -*
SABLEOPOSSUM. RUSSIAN SCARF, as* illustrated, also }
v made in -Isabella color, $17.50. .
H. LIEBES&CO., Inc.
The Largest Exclusive fur House in the World.
137 POST STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.¦ A Philadelphia clergyman recently
visited an old schoolmate who is lo
cated In i , Montana! One Sunday they
had revival services in a ¦ large camp
of! Swedish miners, and at one of the
ineetlngs the minister from the Quaker
His Preference.
Eiffel Is Tottering.
The hish^st- monument in the world.
Otherwise known 89 the* Eiffel tower in
Paris, is doomed to .disappear. It has
been found that It la Inclinins to one
side, like the leaning tower of Pisa, and
that, unlike : the latter, its center, of
gravity will inevitably be displaced and
it -will topple over. It will therefore
be taken down in the near future and
with its removal the best means of- see
ing the country around Paris will dis
appear. The tower is 9S5 feet hish. and
since its erection has been popular with
tourists generally. '
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 50c a pound. In artistic flre
etched boxes. 'A nice present for Eastern
friends. .715 Market st.. above Call bids. *
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tao
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali*
fornia street- Telephone Main 1<H1 *
WOOD, under life sentence at Folsom,
I combined and ...conspired with other desperate
N-^ prisoners to escape. "Their plans necessarily .in
volved murder of guards and officers;' since they were
to be carried out in daylight, and when'" tlic lawful
authorities were on duty.' They seized .the; Warden and
other officers. They^ committed murder .in-rcxeciiting
their felonious purpose. They were guilty' of" murder
again during their flight, and were armed and prepared'
to do murder from the moment of their flight to their
capture. They were all accessory • to every murder that
was committed. They were, in law, all principals* in the
commission of that capital crime. ; ;
Wood, who seems to have* been the ringleader in
the series - capital crimes, was tried v for murder in
Sacramento by a jury, which has-found him guilty of
murder in the-second degree! ! This is equivalent to an
acquittal, since the punishment of .second degree mur
der is imprisonment, and V'.hc is* already" under -life
sentence,, so that 'ho penalty attaches, ttnderfthe verdict..
It is said that four determined jurors out of the ¦twelve
bent the other eight to their wilTand secured a verdict
for a crinie^'which admits of no penalty. It is -difficult
to exercise patience with such a perversion of justice.
AN INSULT TO JUSTICE.
Russia is hastening arms, ammunition and provisions
into Eastern Asia while her diplomats .are sounding, the
praises of those who prevented war with Japan. As far
as anybody knows, Japan is the only one that can't see
the joke. *"V*
Some day. perhaps, they'll lift him out, '
-AH limp, and still, and pale —
He will have found his last long route.
This man who works the mail.
No thrumming' drums the hush will fill
r ,\Vhtn he goes to his rest. ' _ '.
And all the mails will hurry still,
-North.'. south, east* and west.
' — W. D. Nesbif in -Chicago Tribune."
Sometimes you stand beside the track
< And see the mail train race. _ I
And white above the rolling sack
t"ou see his toil-smudged iace.
So. day and night, the postal clerk
Goes, fighting time and sleep. -•
He only does his country's work — •
And countries hire men cheap.
It may be north, south, east or west —
The mall- must hurry through;..
The postal clerk may take no rest
With all these things to do.
He does not see. what waits ahead.
Nor cares what lies behind —
The hungry mail racks must be fed.
To all else he Is blind.
He has no time to think of fear.
Or talk of pluck or nerve. -
With danger always lurking near
¦ . In every lurching swerve.
The swaying lamps make shadows dim
To taunt his straining eyes:
The jolting car makes mock of him
As madly on it files. •
No flag is snapping over him.
No band is playing loud;
There are no cheers in strident vim
From some applauding crowd;
But night and day he toils away,
Until his work is done —
No ranting: fifes or bugles' play
To lighten his long run.
A Hero Unsung.
San Franciscans are well aware of the presence^ of
that obnoxious class of individuals. whose conceit allows
them to stand 1 on .the corners and ogle ladies a* they
pass. All too familiar .'are those men in flashy garb,
who believe that their very presence will so dazzle the
eyes* of femininity that they need but to display it to
good advantage to have women gladly accept their com
pany. 7,They are. those whose life is lived on the streets
and who,^therefore, are Avbnt to believe that the public
highway "-.is. the best theater for the -practice of their
wooing powers. - . . , ...•;..¦ * . ¦
--The* nmSancc is great, but it lies with the ladies them
selves to cure the evil. " A mere scornful glance at J one
of these insulters profits V nothing -and only v provokes a
sally, of" bantering when the "masher" returns to the
corner from, which he sallied forth and* mingles again
,witlvhis kind. A remedy for the nuisance is provided by
the courts, and. ; one who has been offended by these
vulgar attentions has.only to report the matter to the
nearest to bring the" fellow to the punishment
which' is .decreed by law. .If ladies who are insulted by
these sidewalk gallants would, resolutely put their = pride
in their pockets and secure the co-operation of -the
police the nuisance would "be rapidly abated. It, is an
issue! however; which must be dealt with by ladies of
the city. Wei cannot' expect ladies from the country to
clean' our streets for us, even'though* they may be, as our
correspondent says, the more* liable to insult v
.CORRESPONDENT from San "Jose writes:
/\ "There is an excellent -opportunity in San Fran
•*;jV cisco. for a crusade against mashers." People,
from the. country who go to San Francisco to look
around (I refer to ladies) are insulted all along Market
krect! * ?/* The custom that now prevails on Market
street keeps people away from San Francisco — holiday
shoppers, who are needed by the merchants. - The
women of San. Francisco, when they go down town, arc
going somewhere, walk along briskly, looking straight
ahead; the visitors do hot do that, and they arc sub
jected to insults from the.-mashers. What is the remedy?
No woman "is* going to make a complaint to'police."
MASHERS ON THE STREETS.
Arthur Msy Knapp, owner and pub
lisher of the Japan Daily Advertiser of
Yokohama, believes that Japan could
teach Russia a lesson in fisticuffs if
the opportunity which has been hover
ing over the horizon 3hould finally ar
rive. To a New Tork interviewer he
recently said:
"Every man, woman and child in Ja
pan regards Russia as an enemy, and,
while the Government is disposed to
continue negotiations and avoid a con
flict if possible, the people are eager for
flict if possible, the people are eager
for the fray. Japan has a superb
navy, and her '. ships are manned
by splendid seamen. Russia must
have 50 per cent more tonnago
and men to stand "a show of winning
on the watar. And the Japanese army
is one of the most complete pieces of
military machinery in existence. The
quartermaster and commissary depart
ments are simply perfection, and tha
whole establishment will operate like
clockwork. The earller> stages of a
conflict, on both land and sea. would
undoubtedly be marked by success for
Japan, but the Government is undoubt
edly Justified in apprehensions as to
the ultimate outcome of the struggle.
Once, however, that it begins, the Jap
anese will fight to the last man and the
final ditch. It will be a contest of In
telligence . and agility on the part., of
the Japanese soldjery against the solid
ity and brute force of the Russians. It
i3 certainly not the intention of Russia
to relinquish Manchuria if only Japan
stands in her way. The Western pow
ers are, however, pledged to maintain
the integrity ot China, and if Russia is
not checked the United States will be
discounting the value of her achieve
ment in building the isthmian canal,
in so far as it may be intended to fa
cilitate trade In the Orient. .The Phil
ippines are- the gateway ta Asiatic
trade, but if Russia holds Manchuria
she will n.ixt appropriate Korea and
menace Japan. The United. States
should assprt herself,: and indicate to
Russia that the proper thing Is to go
"way back and sit. down."
The Doughty Jap.
A few months ago when night
prowlers were making their unwel
come presence felt in\th'e North Beach
section of the city the police were in
structed to keep a sharp lookout for
Pheir capture. It was a dark night
with only a few lamps shedding light
over the waters of the bay when a
young police officer in patrolling his
beat heard heavy breathing, accom
panied by long drawn out snores,
coming from an old shed on Mason
street. The of the peace
halted and placed " his . ear close to
the weather beaten boards; the longer
he listened the more convinced he was
that the gang- of prowlers had 'made
the place their headquarters. To capr
ture them single-handed would add
glory to his record, and perchance,
elevate him to 'the upper office. But
a trip to the Morgue was an item to
be considered; he might get killed in
the attempt.
He paused not long-, however, but
started off to the first call box and
sent a message for help to the central
office.. It was only a few minutes be
fore the patrol wagon and four burly
officers appeared on the scene carrying
with them bullseye lanterns and guns
galore.
The building was 'surrounded and
two of the bravest forced an entry,
with pistols drawn. The command.
"Surrender!" was-«iven in stentorian
tones and the light from the bullseye
lanterns was thrown all round the
shed. But not a human being wa3
seen. In one corner a dozen hog3,
snugly cuddled together, were snoring
Qeacefully.
That raid was kept a secret-' ¦
Had Thieves Surrounded.
The Paris correspondent of London
Truth tells an interesting story of the
manner in which the Russian. Govern
ment tested the efficiency of the French
detective police when the Czar was
about to visit Paris. The chief of the
Russian police went secretly • to the
French capital with orders to lie quiet
ly by in a ho^el and only to report him
self at the embassy after, a stay of a
week. But he had not been three hour3
in Pari3 before the Prefect of Police
learned of his arrival from a French
detective. At St. Petersburg they
thought that a' satisfactory result and
the imj)erial pair ventured to go to-
Paris and drive down the Champa Ely
sees without cavalry around their car
riage. A similar test applied In Rome
had different consequences. The head
of the Russian police remained there a
v/hole week without his arrival beins
suspected^ On the evening of the sixth
day he called on Count Nelidoff to re
port himself, to the great astonishment
of that Embassador. They both agrreed
that If the Roman police had not scent
ed out the head of the greatest police
force in the world, they could not be
depended upon to know much about the
goings on of anarchists and nihilists.
•This is alleged to be" the true reason
why the Czar declined to trust himself
in the King of Italy's dominions.
v4 Crucial Test.
AT the annual banquet of the Merchants' Associa
tion, on Tuesday evening, a most cordial
response was given by the entire company to the'
arguments of the speakers of the evening in favor of
making a special San Francisco exhibit at the St. Louis
Exposition. There were even times when the cordiality
of the response approached enthusiasm; it was mani
fested by cheering that had a ring of genuine exultation
in it. Such responsiveness was, of course, not unexpected.
It was a festal occasion, the- report of the president of
the association on the work of the year had been grati
fying, the banquet had been excellent and the wine
abundant. Everybody was in good humor, and accord
ingly, all were ready to applaud every point made by
the speakers in favor of the good cause!
The banquet is over and gone, but the question of
the special display remains for discussion. It has
now to be discussed, however, not as ¦ an after
dinner talk and a theme for flights of oratory,
but as a matter of business. If we are to
have an adequate display, there must be ample
funds provided for making it, and they should be
promptly forthcoming., It is not to be expected that
the response to the cold business proposition of raising
money, will be as enthusiastic as was the response to
rounded rhetorical flourishes of the post-prandial ora
tory, but, none the less 1 , it should be prompt arid liberal.
.; The issue is one of no little importance to the city.'
The: exposition will be the chief industrial and commer
cial feature of the decade. It will draw to St. Louis
thousands of enterprising men" from all parts of the
world and, ivhile most of the visitors will be there for
pleasure mainly and count for nothing more than casual
sightseers, there will be a host of men. studying the ex
hibits for the purposes of business in every department
of industrial and commercial activity. San Francisco
cannot afford to bo outside the arena of that great com
petition. We have much to show, and we should show
itl Our rivals' will be there, making their best efforts
at display. We, who are expecting great things from
the development of the Oriental trade, must' have on
exhibition . whatever products, natural or artificial, we
have to offer to that .trade, and also whatever ad
vantages, as a port, we have to facilitate It.
The exposition is to be nearer to San Francisco tfian
any other of its kind ever held. The visiting crowds will
b<v nearer to us than ever before and it will,- therefore,
be easier than ever to draw many of them westward, to
enjoy the coolness of our summer, the • magnificence of
our scenery and to study the resources of our matchless
State and city. All these considerations combine to
strengthen the 'argument in favor of making a special
exhibit on a comprehensive scale. The work shoulcTbe
promptly supported and carried out with vim and vigor.
We must notpnly be at St. Louis, but we must be there
with a display that will attract attention, and compel
admiration. '
SAN FRANCISCO AT THE FAIR.
Business was particularly rushing
and the new clerk knew that he would
be expected to make a good showing
in the way of sales in comparison with
his fellow" clerks.
In the midst of the busiest hour an
important looking woman bustled up
to the counter and asked him to show
her some of his prettiest silks. Now
silks are expensive and a silk sale is
a big help to the day's receipts. Know
ing this the young clerk was very anx
ious to make good on the deal.
. As the time went by he thought how
hard some people to suit. Three
quarters of an hour was consumed in
the showing of the goods, but none
seemed to be just what the woman
was looking for. The clerk was con
scious of the floorwalker's penetrating
gaze and hastened in his efforts to
please the. prospective purchaser.
Finally when they had spent enough
time to take the entire stock of the
silk department the lady spotted a
piece that seemed to strike her fancy.
Her face lit up with a radiant smile
and the clerk got out his book prep
aratory to recording the record
breaker of the day.
To his chagrin the woman merely
said: "There, I knew it. I knew that
Mrs. Walker never sent to Paris for
that dress she wore the other night,
and I just wanted to satisfy myself.
That's the very same thing. Thank
you ever so much. I am sorry to have
taken your tim,e. If she "hadn't a dress
of that piece I'd get one myself."
One -of the Many.
At a cost of $9,000,000 Japan has bought from Chile two
modern ships of war. The Mikado should have a care
that by some slight error of judgment or policy he does
not make them a Christmas present to the Czar of Russia.
The Boston Transcript does not find
the lot of somg American aborigines
so- hard after all. It has discovered
that the richest nation in the world
is not the United States, but a nation
within the United States. The Osages
of Indian Territory are credited with
bank accounts that amount to nearly
$5000 per individual, and the average
holding of land is eighty-seven acres,
valued at $10 per acre. Here, then, is
a case where "Lo, the poor Indian" i3
better off, financially, than even the
white citizens of Massachusetts, the
richest of American commonwealths.
Lo, the Poor Indian.
And so — the friction grows less and
Ices. Fewer sparks fly. The teeth of
the cogwheels play together more
smoothly and quietly. The old energy
of conflict and contradiction has passed
into self-control and fine -nd noble
character is the resultant. It may seem
a harsh dispensation of Providence, but
female termagantis . have often made
male heroes, and male gadflies : have
often developed female saints. .», „. .
At any rate, however/self-mastery is
Complete self-mastery in matrimonial
conflicts is a long and difficult acquisi
tion. Probably it is fully acquired in
the fewcFt possible case?. But in. what
multitudes of houses it is developed to
such a point that daily life becomes
not only endurable, but blissful. Mar
ried people leara that they can control
themselves in the presence of each
other as well as in the presence of
strangers cr companions. "If I can
control myself before the meanest and
most aggravating boss in the world,
¦why can't I control myself in the pres
ence of my wife?" Brown asks his
conscience. "If I can goveni my re-
Fcntment over the cook's peculiarities,
why can't I over those of my hus
band?" Mrs. Jones inquires of her soul.
The thing to do with matrimonial j
friction is to transform it to character j
r»ov.*-r. The transformation of the |
fierce^ energies of heat and light, of;
rushing: winds and falling waters into
beneficial potencies is the great prob- !
lem of modern science. It is accom
plished by a thousand wonderful de
vices, but not by any easy ones. It
took immeasurable genius and illimit
able consecration to discover and,per
fect them. Well — it is no easy thing to
tranFfoAi the friction of marriage life
into* beauty and strength of character,
but it can be done.
Xo quality in the sou! is nobler than •
that of self-control, and tt is this qual- i
ity that the quiet endurance of matri- ,
monial friction at last turns into. At j
first the sudden surprises of unknown '
traits of character, the differences of!
habit, of opinion, of taste, excite and ,
irritate the young married couple. Hot |
words follow and quarrels develop. !
There are tears of bitterness and re
gret. Days and perhaps weeks of
constraint and coldness ensue. But by
and by it begins to dawn on the mind
of ore or both that ihe other is also an
individual, with all an individual's'
right to his'or her personal identity,
judgment and opinion. And a sacred
moment it is when that lesson is fully
and finally learned. Probably nine out
of ten men expect to absorb a woman's
personality into their own— and the re
verse. We tvant that other will to be
submerged and shallowed up in ours.
It is madness, but it is human nature.
And so. when at last j we see and feel
the clear right of that other soul to its
individuality a first great step has been
taken.
.A second step is taken when we final
ly determine to endure in silence the
Incurable contradictions and opposi
tions in the characters of our husbands
and wives. "We have learned that noth
ing but discord end strife follows the
attempt to bend their wills or alter
their, temperaments to suit our own,
and we decide to £ake them as they are.
This involves self-repression. It is a
hard way to be taught it, but the worst
education which teaches self-repression
at the right time is better than the best
which teaches us everything else and
not that. Our poor self-love can be
reconciled to the sacrifice of everything
but itself. We are egotists, but each one
says: "Mine Is not, egotism, but con
scious power!" And when a irfan at last
learns to hold his own self down and
keep it from aggressive assertion of its
risrhts he has turned into the pathway
to Paradise.
one man.
In the same way even two of the
cells become' a battery — and, alas:
sometimes battering rams! These
separate individual lives, like" two
stream? that have run quietly in their
own channels, make a roaring mael
strom when they unite. There is a sud
den development of power in this fric
tion^ contact of which neither they
nor their friend? had ever dreamed.
What is to be done with this new
power? Power is always either bane
ful or beneficent, destructive or cre
ative. This incessant friction, in which
,5-pafrk? are forever flying — what shall
its mission be? I will answer this
question on the assumption that this
friction is inevitable on account of
temperament — for if life proves any
thing £t all, it is that there are tem
peraments that antagonize and irri
tate each other by some mysterious
and perhaps unalterable necessity of
nature.
The contact of people, either in
masses ov couplets, always generates
energy. That is why. In war, soldiers
inarch in battalions; in political cam
paigns people assemble in mass meet
ings; in religious, revivals thev are
asked to sit close together in the pews.
"Touch elbows!" is the command is
sued to struggling armies in dark and
fearsome nights. Each individual is
like an electric cell in a battery. By
some mysterious law their union is
multiplication instead of addition. Ten
men are always more than ten times
BV CHARLES FHEDEIUC GOSS, D.D.
lAuthor of "Thp Ded»mpti«n of Davil Corson/
"The .Loom cii Life," <?tc.J
(Copyright, I90.i, »;y Jo^jh B. bowles.)
The Family Jar.
The Swede thought a few seconds,
and replied slowly: "No, I tank not;
de Norden Pacific fallers is party good
to work for."— New York Tribune.
city, looking straight at a big, power
ful looking man who sat in front, said
to him: "My friend, don't you want to
work for the Lord?"
Germany's Brazilian colonies are
growing:, according to the Koelnische
Zeitung, there being in one State, up
ward of 100,000 Germans, and their in
fluence Is bejng felt in every depart
ment, of public life. There are German
schools, churches and^ theaters, and in
ever?* way the .establishment of the
colonists is . facilitated, special j privi
leges being accorded to them for the
acquisition of land.with i substantial
guarantees of all forms of industrial
freedom. The same paper says that
German capital is represented almost
exclusively in the railroads and large
industries of Brazil, "a fact which only
goes to prove, were proof needed, how
very desirable it would be for. Germany
to acquire even the: most delicate foot
hold in South America." Until lately
the German colonies there did not seem
to prosper," though they had been going
on in'a way for the. greater part of a
century, but political, • industrial and
other conditions seem now to be as
n:uch in'their favor as they have hith
erto been adverse. " _¦
Germany (in Brazil.
Now, most of the fluids secreted by
the glands which we have just dis
cussed are used in the process of diges
tion. . And in our next -article we will
describe some , interesting, features of
the digestive operation. . N \ . .
The glands of the stomach are' nu
merous and their function is" most im
portant. These glands are for the most
part simple or compound tubular —
that is, either a simple pit or tubular
opening, lined with filtering (epithelial)
cells, like a well lined with bricks; 'or,
a mere tubular opening with oth;rs
branching from it and called a com
pound tubular gland. The glands of
the stomach dip down into a fine, close
network of blood vessels (capillaries),
and absorb from the blood surrounding
them the elements required to form the
gastric fluid. In a state of hunger the
surface of the stomach is pale; and,
the blood flow being slight, the glands
are' also pallid and inactive. •' The taste
of. food, the introduction of food into
the stomach, or, in fact, even the
thought cf food, causes a striking
change in the appearance of the stom
ach lining and of the glands situated
upon it. There is an immediate and
marked increase in the amount of blood
sent to the stomach, its lining becomes
flushed and the gastric glands become
active ' and begin to secrete from the
blood and pour out into the stomach
the gastric juice.
The pepsin, which j is the principal
enzyme found in the blood, has the
power of changing proteid matters,
puch as white of egg and other sub
stances contained in meat, milk, le
gumes (peas, beans, lentils) and nuts
into what is called peptone, in -which
form they can be us^d by the body.
Then there are the intestinal glands,
which in form and operation are some
what - similar to the glands of the
stomach. The intestinal Juice is not
perfectly understood either as to its
composition or. its action. It is known,
however, to possess three enzymes, or
ferments, one an. amylolytic ferment
like the ptyalin of the saliva, changing
starch to sugar, the others changing
sugars into more digestible forms.
Among other glands in the body may
be mentioned the liver, the spleen, the
pancreas and the ductless glands. ;The
liver, 1 the spleen and the ductless
glands we will consider in other con
nections. The pancreas is an important
gland which V - in the abdomen near
the stomach and which, from its re
semblance to the salivary glands, has
been called the abdominal salivary
gland. It Is about seven inches long
and two in width. ,It secretes from the
blor " a fluid known as the pancreatic
juice., which has an important part in
digesting the food. The pancreatic
fluid contains at least four ferments,
amylopsin, which, like the ptyalin of
the saliva, changes starch to sugar;
trypsin, which, like the pepsin of ' the
gastric juice, changes- proteid to pep
tone; steapsin, which emulsifies fats,
and lastly, a ferment that, like the ren
nin of the gastric juice, causes milk" to
curdle.
This amylolysis, cr . conversion of
starch into sugar, is necessary before
the substance can be digested, .for
starchy foods, such as bread, cereals'
and most vegetables, cannot be digest
ed until they are converted into a spe
cial kind of sugar. The process is a
complex series of chemical changes, In
which the starch becomes in turn
amylo-dextrin, erythro-dextrin, achroo
dextrin. malto-dextrin and then mal
tose. This question will be more fully
discussed when we come to consider
digestion.
The saliva is a most important fluid.
Its chief value arises from the
presence in it of a substance
called ptyalin. Now ptyalin is an
enzyme or ferment. And a ferment is a
substance that has tha power of caus
ing certain chemical changes in other
substances. This particular enzyme,
ptyalin, is what is called an amylo
lytic or diastasic ferment, which simply
means that, when brought into contact
with starch, it has the power of chang
ing that starch into sugar.
First of all we may glance at the
glands of the mouth, the • salivary
glands. These are very numerous.
There are three large ones, the parotid,
the sub-maxillary and the sub-lingual,
on each side; two small ones, Bland^n's
and Weber's, under the tongue dn each
side, and a great many minute glands
buried in the tissues of the lips, cheeks
and other parts. Each of these glands,
or perhaps n-e should say each* pair. of
tboee~ glands, elaborates a fluid pecu
liar to itself. These fluids combine to
form the saliva.
The glands of the body are so many
and so varied and the work they do is
so important that, besides the general
facts discussed in our last article, it
will be interesting to consider briefly a
few of the more important glands, how
they operate and whjit they produce.
(Editor "Health Culture Magazine, New York.)
Copyright, 190.1, by Jceeph B. Bowles.
BY W. n. C. LATSON, M. . D.
Work of the Glands.
For the circumstances under which this treaty is
made the Democrats hav^ the authority of President
Monroe, who said the de facto government ot a country
is- the one for us to deal with. How? If not by diplo
matic recognition that carries the treaty-making, power
with it, how can we deal with a de facto government?.
The new treaty, as sketched by the President, is 'more
advantageous to us than any we can hope to make with
Nicaragua and Costa Rica, f6r the other route. It gives
absolute control of a strip across Panama twenty miles
wide, and equal control of three marine leagues 0>{~ the
water at each terminus, with 1 the right to fortify; and
exemption from taxation, other than the annual sub
vention of $250,000. ') It secures to us alsV the right of
sanitary control of Panama and Colon, that we may
exorcise from them yellow fever and other pestilence, as
we did from Havana. This is "of special importance, as
epidemics harmfully impair or entirely suspend trade.
The treaty of 1846 binds us as much-.to maintain .the
sovereignty of health on the isthmus as it does to secure
tnj- political sovereignty. It would be more than Vna
tionarfolly to reject this treaty, and. with it the oppor
tunity to complete the canal, which has been in the air
for a century and a half. It was the dream of Jefferson,
of Bolivar, of Humboldt and of every President of the
United States since 1801. It remained for opportunity
to knock at our door now and be invited in by Roose
velt and Hay. Let them be supported in a' spirit of
patriotism that forgets partisanship.
IT must be merely In a spirit of unreasoning partisan-,
ship that any one can oppose the* policy we have
pursued in Panama, after reading the President's
message on that subject. He has followed strictly in
the line of principles laid down by as eminent Demo
cratic authority as Polk and. Cass. The latter, ; as Secre
tary of State, said: "None of the local governments
having sovereignty of the isthmus; even if administered
with more regard to the just demands of other nations
than they have been, would be permitted, in the spirit
of Eastern isolation, to close the gates ot intercourse
on the great highways of the world and justify the act
by the pretension that these avenues of trade, and
travel belong W> them, and that they choose to shut
them, or, what is equivalent,, to incumber them with
such unjust relations as would prevent their generaT
use." . ¦'':¦. : - ¦:•¦;/:¦¦
Secretary Seward, interpreting the treaty of _ 1846, in
its guarantee of the sovereignty of New Granada over
the isthmus, .declared that its purpose was to guarantee
the isthmus only jfgainst seizure, or invasion, by a for
eign power. This view was concurred in by Attorney
General Speed,' and there exists nowhere any. dissent
to that view by any American statesman of any party.
It is entirely beyond dispute that; were either Cass or
Seward Secretary of State and Buchanan or Lincoln
President, exactly the same course would have . been
pursued that has been taken by Roosevelt and Hay.
Buchanan, in discussing this isthmian canal, went so far
as_ to declare for the seizure of the Sandwich. Islands, as
a safeguard to the Pacific' end of the canal, . and of
planting a protection of the other terminus by the same
sort \)f measures in the Caribbean Sea:
The governments of New Granada and Colombia
proved themselves utterly incapable, of maintaining
order on the isthmus. In the fifty-seven years elapsed
since the treaty of 1846 there have been fifty-two serious
outbreaks and revolutions there,, involving loss of life,
with an equal number of minor riots and disorders,
which disturbed commerce x and* rendered the use of
isthmian transit dangerous to all and expensive to. the
United States, since we have had to ' use our naval
forces to discharge our treaty, obligations and keep
faith with the world by keeping open the gateway of
intercourse.
Colombia failed to do her reciprocal duty. It is
easy to say that we must be policeman over the- sov
ereignty of Colombia,. on the isthmus, but she has done
nothing to dignify. that sovereignty, by making it -toler
able to those who were under it. Her dury was plain.
She had the opportunity -to discharge it by ratifying
the canal treaty, in requital of our half century
guardianship of her property. During all . that . time
Bogota was not in any way hindered or obstructed in
her isthmian- administration. She had every opportunity
to make it strong, enlightened and progressive, and she
took advantage of none.
The President tells the story concisely, forcibly and
with dignity. He makes it plain: that the whole peo
ple of the isthmus concur in the revolution and the
erection of the -new •* republic,- {'and that the< unpaid
national troops, enlisted" from other Colombian states,
who were on the ground when the change' was pro
claimed,, were in active sympathy with "the isthmians.
The de facto • authorities of the new state being, by
the law of . nations, endgSi^d with the tr.eaty-making
power, • have ustd .that power in concluding/ the new
treaty, which they, have jxow ratified, and • the duty, of
the United States Senate to 'also' ratify it is now a
plain, patriotic and American duty, which we are' sure
will be discharged. -..."'
A cigar box, evidently containing:
something very precious, a little shov
el and a small tin bucket constituted
the burden cf a brave little tot who a
few days ago made her way into Gold
en Gate Park through the Haight
street entrance. She was a Very pret
ty little thing and attracted attention
because of the sad expression in her
big. blue eyes. *..'¦>
When but a short distance from the
entrance she left the path and disap
peared among the trees. An hour
later she eaine-out. She was minus
the box, but 1 the shovel and the little
bucket were still clutched tightly in
her chubby, dirt-begrimed little fists.
Traces cf te\irs were on her cheeks
and the big blue eyes were dimmed
by those unshed.
Prompted by curiosity a big police
officer ¦ went down the path and en
tered the clump of trees where a
short time before the little mite had
gone with her shovel and bucket and
box. A little mound of freshly turn
ed earth caught his eye3 anjj stooping
he dug for a few minutes with his
hand. He soon uncovered the cigar
box and opening it found the body of
a tiny fox terrier puppy.
Babv's First Sorrozv.
acquired, it is the fundamental virtue,
and to-day, as in antiquity, "He that
ruleth his spirit is greater than he that
taketh a city."
THE MESSAGE ON' PANAMA.
The critics' who are ¦' fond of attacking courts would
better turn their wrathA upon juries. 'Such a verdict is
an encouragement of crime, an incitement to murder.
The crime of which Wood was guilty lacked none
of the elements of "murder in the first degree. It was
premeditated, deliberately : planned and cruelly exe
cuted. It had not "a single feature that, the law re
quires in murder in the second degree. It was not a
homicide committed in sudden passion. The plea of self
defense was inadmissible, since the murderer was com
mitting another, offense -when he- killed. The jury has
no justification in law, morals, decency or good citizen
ship. It simply forgot itsvoath, justified crime and put
a premium on assassination. It has made the duty of
every prison and jail officer in the State more difficult.
It has put the life of every such' officer in imminent and
constant peril. It has disgraced the administration of
justice and weakened the arm of the law. 1
If the jurors can contemplate all this with satisfac
tion, they are welcome to it. Such verdicts are one
cause of lynching, since they make even good citizens
despair of the criminal-law. The return of Wood to
prison, unpunished,' injures the discipline of the. peni
tentiary and nerves the arms of other desperate menTrj
follow his bloody example. But the people are power
less. The State has no recourse, no appeal, and justice
no means of getting satisfaction.
J'HE .SAN, ,^ANCJSGOVCALL >: ;TPIURSDAY, , DECEMBER ,10,:, 1903.
X HE SAN F K A N G I S CO GADL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor': ..?;..¦. .*¦'.¦-. Address AH Commonidtions" to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <5^illllP^ > .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THURSDAY......... .h ......?.;:....... ..1 ....... ...;^ 10, 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MAN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8PREPARE PROGRAMME
FOR IiADIESV XIGHT
Columbia Park Boys' Club Will Con
tribute 3Iany Xumbers to .Olym
pic Club's Entertainment.
The members of the Olympfb - Club
will hold" their "ladies' night'" enter
tainment in the gymnasium tb-nighL.
A novel programme has been prepared
by Leader John J. Gleason. The Co
lumbia Park Boys' Club will contribute
most of ¦ ths numbers.- The prizes will
be awarded by William Greer Harrison,
president of the Olympic Club., Fol
lowing is the programme:
Overture; class in parallel bars, Columbia
Park Boys' Club; chorus. . "Voices of < the
Woods." Columbia Park Boys' Club; tumbling;
by croups of two, Columbia Park Boys'* Club;
••Congo Love Sons." solo by Master : T&lbot;
"Moresca," a. eportlve imitation of a battle,
by th- Moresca Club; class In buck jumping,
Columbia Park Boys' Club; "The Bloom Is on
the Rye," eolo by Master O'Day; class in Ro
man -rings. Columbia Park Boys' Club; -'.'God
Rent You. Merry Gentlemen," old Christmas
caroL Columbia ¦ Park Boys' Club: ¦ pyramids,
Columbia Park Boys' • Club: awardlngr of. the
prizes, by President Harrison; Offlcials — W1I
llam Greer - Harriaon, • referee; Judges — Henry
B. Russ, Adolph . Koehland and Otto . Rlttler ;
tiader the direction of John J. Gleason, leader.
Chinese Physician Passes Away.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 9.— Chan Kee Hong,
a" Chinese physician who has enjoyed a
large practice in this city, died at his
residence, S6 South Fourth street, last
night. He had been' in California 36
years. Until 16 years ago he was prom
inent in his profession in San Francis
co. ' He' was 68 years of age.
Leave for fourteen days . has been
granted Second Lieutenant William C.
Gardenhire, Fifteenth Cavalry. ;
Spring Valley Lodge, I. O.- G. T., of
San Francisco, will give 'an entertain
ment at. the Y. M. C. A. Hall s at the
Presidio on Friday night, December. 11.'
The Presidio Current Topics" Club
was organized Tuesday night at the
Y. M. C. A. On Thursday evening, De
cember 17, the following subject will be
debated: "Besolv'ed, That the United
States is Justified in recognizing 'and
defending the republic J 1 of Panama."
Everybody is cordlalyl invited to at
tend. ' , .'.'¦•/'¦ ..'.';
Rev. Y. W. Mqulton, the colored
evangelist, will speak at the Presidio
Y. M. C. A. on Tuesday eveiflng, : "Dq
ccmber 15. if]ajSS3S303 < ¦- •'¦'*
" Ten recruits from the casual detach
ment at Angel' Island were' transferred
to the ' Twenty-fourth ' Field* Battery
yesterday.
Captain Francis C. Marshall, Fif
teenth Cavalry, now on leave, will Join
his troop upon its>rrival at its station,
Fort Ethan Allen. ... ;* -':
quaintances in Washington. He ex
pects to join his regiment In San Fran
cisco early in January, when It Is ex
pected to reach this country from the
Philippines.
The clothing money allowance has
been increased by the sum of $32 85 for
all enlisted men who have drawn or
may draw the new pattern of cloth
ing, regardless of the year of enlist
ment in which clothing may be drawn.
The funeral of Colonel Richard I.
Eskridge, retired, who at one time was
commanding officer at the Presidio,
whose body was brought to New York
on the transport Sumner, was held from
the Belm'ont Memorial Chapel, New
port, R. I. Colonel Ennls of. Fort Ad
ams sent a battalion of United States
Coast Artillery to escort the body from
the chapel to the cemetery. The bat
talion was commanded by Captain D.
Price, with Lieutenant W. M. Colvin
as adjutant. The Rev. A. P. Reccord
of Channing Memorial Church conduct
ed the services. The honorary bearers
were Colonel Edward P. Pearson, U. S.
A., retired; Colonel Greenleaf A. Good
ale, U. S. A.; General Hazard Stevens,
Rear Admiral Washburn Maynard, U.
S. N.: Oliver Stevens and Charles E.
Stevens. ¦ < ._.-"'
Regarding new drill regulations it Is
stated at the War Department that
there Is at present no intention of
changing the cavalry drill regulations
in th'e near future.
The bodies of thirty privates who lost
their lives in the Philippines were bur
ied in Washington. D. C.T last week,
with Impressive military ceremonies,
in the National Cemetery at Arlington.^
The bodies were brought to this coun
try by the transport Sumner. V
Captain Walter L. Clarke, now at Se
attle, Wash.,. will report in person, to
Captain Edgar Russel . for temporary
duty, and upon the completion thereof
willfproceed to Angel Island for. duty
with the Signal Corps company at that
post. -'j^A /-. , ¦• '-¦-'¦ - ¦'¦ '¦"
SANTA CLARA, Dec. 9.— Appeal will
be taken. to the Supreme Court by the
merchants of Santa Clara in the ha
beas corpus case of A. T. Helm, a local
merchant who was arrested for refus
ing to pay the mercantile license levied
by the Board of Town Trustees. The
Superior Court gave a decision recently
sustaining the town charter and the
Board of Town Trustees in the levying
of license. All local merchants have
united to contest the case and will
carry it to the court of last resort.
Merchants Will Take an Appeal.
• REDDING, Dec. 9.— Six cars and
the, caboose of a northbound freight
train were piled up in .wreckage early
this morning near Middle Creek Sta
tion, three miles north of Redding. A
broken wheel caused the wreck. The
track was badly torn up for 100 yards.
Two of the cars were loaded with coal,
one with lumber, two with oil and one
with terra cotta pipe. The oil car in
rolling down an embankment smashed
two telegraph poles, shutting off wire
communication entirely. Traffic was
delayed for several hours.
Six Heavily .Loaded Cars Leave the
Rails Near Redding and Traffic
Is Delayed Several Hours.
BROKEN WHEEL CAUSES
WRECK OF FREIGHT TRAIN
Harry Hunt, the manager of the
company, is now in Los Angeles, and
will bring the automobile back with
him. Tt is n. 34-horsepower machine,
capable of carrying nine passengers and
luggage. This company has secured the
mall carrying contract. Two trips each
way will bo made each day. The line
will be in operation on , or before the
first of the year. The idea "was con
ceived' by the Ojai Valley people, ,-who
do not like the Southern Pacific ser
vice. The trains now leave Nordhoff
before C o'clock In the morning, arriv
ing at Nordhoff at night from 7 o'clock
to midnight, or later. They wrote to
Passenper Agent Goodman, but could
not get any satisfaction. The new tour
ist hotel "Foothills" will be gpened in
about three weeks, and the hotel peo
ple want the best kind of transporta
tion for their Eastern guests.
VENTURA, Dec. 9. — An automobile
stage service is to be inaugurated be
tween Ventura and the Ojai Valley.
The innovation promises to be very
popular, as it will give the valley resi
dents quick and convenient transpor
tation, which '.the Southern Pacific
Company does not do and has not done
for some little time, notwithstanding
protests.
Special Dispatch to The tall,
The fall term of the Cogswell Poly
technic College will close to-morrow,
and a dancing party will be given to
morrow night in the auditorium hall of
the college building. Nearly all the
students who have been in attendance
the last year will participate In the fes
tivities of the occasion.
The groom j is a prominent business
man and enjoys a grea't popularity in
the commercial world. He is manager
of the Pacific Traffic and Commercial
Association and president of the Pa
cific Coast Jobbers* and Manufac
turers* Association. In addition to be
longing to the Union League and Mer
chants' clubs. Colonel Loveland Is
prominent In various societies.
Lieutenant Colonel William Lewis
Pitcher, Twenty-eighth Infantry, . is
spending a few weeks. In Washington,
D. C, and is located at the Army and
Navy Club. This Is the first time in
five years that Colonel Pitcher has had
an opportunity to renew his old . ac-
in the Mission, where she resides with
her mother in the house in which she
was born and in which she was mar
ried. She is a niece of I. J. Truman of
the Columbian Bank.
The headquarters, Second Squadron
and the band will go to Fort Meyer,
where they will be under command of
Colonel Wallace, who has already pre
ceded them to that post. They will
depart from here next Sunday.
EXAMINATION BOARD MEETS.
The board of officers for the exami
nation of members of the medical de
partment to ascertain their fitness for
promotion began its session Tuesday.
The present board is composed of
Lieutenant Colonel George H. Torney,
president; Major William Stephenson
and Captain J. M. Kennedy, recorder.
The candidates who are now under
going examination are: First Lieuten
ants Percy M. Ashburn, Francis M. C.
Usher. Frederick F. Russell and Ed
win P. Wolfe. The board will finish
its labors on Friday.
Transfers of enlisted men who have
served continuously for two years in
the Philippine Islands will hot be made
when their physical condition renders
such transfer undesirable. Applications
for transfer of enlisted men who have
served continuously for two years in
the Philippines will not be forwarded
by post commanders without a state
ment of the surgeon as to soldier's fit
ness for continued tropical service.
Captain Henry W. Stamford, Signal
Corps, is relieved from duty at the'Sig
nal Corps post, Fort Myer, Va., to take
effect as soon after January 1, 1904,
as his services can be spared, and will
then proceed to San Francisco for
transportation to the Philippine Isl
ands.
Captain Carl F. Hartmann, Signal
Corps, upon his arrival at San Fran
cisco will proceed to and take station
at Angel Island and assume command
of the Signal Corps company at that
post.
Post Commissary Sergeant Henry
Chapman, upon arrival at San Fran
cisco from the Philippine Islands, will
proceed to Fort Mason to relieve Post
Commissary Sergeant Andrew Wallen
stein. Sergeant Wallenstein will pro
ceed to San Francisco for assignment
to duty on a Government transport.
Major A. W. Shockley, A. S., is re
lieved from duty at Fort Niobrara,
Neb., and will proceed to San Fran
cisco for transportation to the Philip
pine Islands on the transport to sail
about February 1.
VISITS OLD FRIENDS.
The First and Third squadrons, un
der command of Lieutenant polonel
Alexander Rodgers, will go to Fort
Ethan Allen, Vermont. This is prac
tically a new post and is located about
thirty miles from, the Canadian border
line. It is deemed one of the finest
posts in the country. It is equipped
to accommodate eight troops of cav
alry and twojight batteries. Colonel
Rodgers expresses himself as greatly
pleased that he has been ordered
there. His command leaves here next
Saturday.
It is a big jump for the men to go
from the torrid clime of the Philip
pines to the bleak mountains of Ver
mont.
The Fifteenth Cavalry has received
orders to leave its temporary campinjj
quarters at the PresMio and proceed
East. It will be divided among vari
ous posts by the 19th inst. if possible.
The ealvarymen had expected to leave
here on the 20th inst., but telegraphic
advices were received yesterday from
General H. S. Corbin orderlng'them to
leave so soon as arrangement could be
perfected for Their transportation, so
now all is bustle and excitement in the
camp.
Robertson's body has beoii taken to
Oakland for interment. His wife Is ill
in a private hospital there. - '
' (Jororier Gormley said to-day that he
gave no Instructions whatever to Bec£
and that in fact he was' not. notified o£
the death until- Monday evening, when
Hale stopped at his office to inquire
what he had done in the matter. Goim
ley expressed the opinion that. Beck's
purpose was to keep, the- death, quiet
until the body could be removed from
his house after nightfall without oc
casioning notoriety.
The autopsy on the body, showed
death was from tuberculosis. The Jury,
after questioning Beck closely concern
ing his practice, returned the verdict
disapproving Christian Science practice
when unaccompanied by a regular
medical treatment.
L. Cusanovich, a fellow employe of
Robertson, testified that about 4
o'clock Monday afternoon, while his
friend lay dead in the house, Beck told
him he could not see Robertson, but
that he was getting better, and Cusan
ovich went away, saying he would call
later in the day. Beck contradicted
Cusanovich'c statement and. defended
his own course before the jury by stat
ing that he had not tried to hide any
thing, but simply had not told all he
knew fo the parties who called. He
said he thought he was acting under
the Instructions of the Coroner in keep
ing the matter quiet.
Mrs. W. D. Kilborn, at whose house
Robertson had resided, testified that
she visited Beck's house at 4:30 o'cldck
MSnday afternoon and was told by
Beck that the patient w«as resting
quietly and that she would be notified
of any chang-e In his condition.; At that
time Robertson had been dead more
than an hour.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 9.— In returning
a verdict on the death of William Rob
ertson, a bookkeeper. for Hale Bros. &
Co., a Coroner's jury has pronounced
against Christian Science practice un
less it is accompanied by treatment by
a member of the regular medical pro
fession.- The case which resultea in
this unusual verdict is one possessing
several singular features. Robertson,
while at work last Sunday, was sud
denly seized with illness. He refused
the aid of a physician, but at his re
•quest v/as taken to the home of Her
bert W. Beck, a Christian 'Scientist,
formerly a resident of Oakland. Rob
ertson died. at Beck's home* Monday
afternoon at 3 o'clock, according to the
evidence adduced "at the inquest.
But for some reason not apparent an
effort was made to conceal the fact 6t
the death from .the friends of Robert
son. . E. W. Hale, resident partner of
the firm of Hale Bros. & Co., testified
at the inquest that on Monday after
noon he went to Beck's house to see
Robertson and was denied admission
by Beck. Hale told Beck that Robert
son held an important position at his
store and he must see him. Meeting
with another refusal, Hale started up
the stairs uninvited, and then learned
for the first time from Beck that Rob
ertson was dead.
Special Dispatch to The .Call.
Four Young Assistant Sur
jreons Arc Undergoing the
Examination for Promotion
Opposition Line' Secures "the
Mail Carrying- Contract and
AVill Make Two Trips Daily
Vriends of Patient Are In
formed That He Is Improv
ing' Long- After He Had Died
X0T HEEDED
PROTESTS
3f EDI CAL BOARD MEETS
dp:atk is kept secret
Gallant Fifteenth Is Ordered
to Proceed From the Pre
sidio to Its New Stations
Sacramento Coroner's Jury Re
turns an. Unusual Verdict
in a Rather Singular- Case
Residents of the Ojai Valley
to an Automobile
¦Stage Service From Ventura
Mrs. Loveland is an accomplished
musician, and has many warm friends
Miss Lulu Edwards and Colonel Har
ry £>. Loveland were the principals at
a quiet home wedding yesterday at the
residence of the bride's mother, Mrs.
J. H. Edwards, 279 San Carlos avenue.
Rev. Dr. John Phillips performed the
ceremony at 5 o'clock. In the presence
of a few intimate friends and relatives.
Mr. and Mrs. Loveland have gone to
Southern California for their honey
moon, and upon their return will reside
at the Colonial, where they have taken
apartments.
The bride is the only daughter of the
late J. H. Edwards. Her father came
to California In the early fifties, locat
ing In Sacramento, and afterward re
moving: to this city, where he was
¦well known in the downtown business
section.
• • «
Miss Helen Irwin gave an informal
tea yesterday at the home of her par
ents. Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Irwin, at
Washington and Laguna streets. Miss
Margaret Hyde-Smith was guest of
honor, and many young friends of the
hostess were invited to meet her. Miss
Irwin was assisted by Miss Charlotte
Wilson. Miss Katharine Martin, Miss
Helen Thomas and M^ss Mazie Lank
horn. !
» • •
Mrs. Homer King gave a pretty
luncheon yesterday in honor of Miss
Helen Haily, who will make her debut
at a lea M be given on Saturday by her
mother. Mrs. Xozris, and her aunt.
Mrs. John F. Swift. The decorations
were oriental in character, comprising
Japanese candlesticks, chrysanthe
mum* and jonquils. Covens were laid
for twelve. . .
Mrs. Camillo Martin. gave her second
"at home" yesterday and charmingly
enterta'.red a !arse number of callers
at her home on Broadway. Miss Grace
Martin, whose engagement to William
Horn has just been announced, was
tendered mnr.y good wishes by her
mother's friends.!
Mrs. Burns Macdonald and Mrs. Hil
da. Baxter cave yesterday the fifth of
their series of luncheons in honor of
Mrs. Victor cfement of Salt Lake City.
The table was lavishly decorated with
American Beauty roses. The guests
were: Mrs. Henry Crocker, Mrs. Har
ry Mendel!. Mrs. Philip King Brown,
Mrs. Fred Green, Mrs. Grant Selfridge,
Mrs. Chickcring. Miss Daisy Van Ness,
Miss Jennie Blair. Miss Laura Bates,
Miss Maud O'Connor. Miss Helen
Wheeler. Miss Elizabeth Ames. Miss
Elizabeth McNear, Miss Hamilton and
Miss Evelyn Norwood. - The last lunch
eon will be given to-day.
Mies Dillon was hostess at a pretty
luncheon yesterday, complimentary to
Miss Bernie Drown, a popular bride
el^ct. The table was decorated with
pink carnations, most effectively ar
ranged. The guests were: Mrs. Mortem
Gibson. Mrs. John Rodgers Clark, Mrs.
Alfred Baker Spaldins. Mrs. T. Dan
forth Boardman, Miss Florence Boyd,
Miss Ethel Cooper, Miss Charlotte El
linwood. Miss Lily Spreckels, Mrs.
Henry Clarence Breeden. Miss Emily
Wilson and Miss Newell Drown.
The Chcsebroush home on day street
was the scene of th^ first cotillon of
the Gayety Ciub.lnst evening. There
etvc to be four dances given at homes
i«f members. ar.J the success of last
¦
evening iorures three more delightful
affair?. Twenty-Jive young women who
comprise the club selected thirty-five
masculine name? from a list which they
compiled to make up the list of guests.
The spacious rooms were pimply dec
orated'with vases of cut flowers and
clusters of fcrliasre. Miss Helen Chcse
brougto, one of the^ winter buds, re
ceived the guests, assisted by her
mother. The cotillon began at 9, the
youngr hostess selecting the partners
for the fair Gayety members. Infor
mal dancing followed the cotillon. Sup
p.r v.es served at midnight.
The Gayety Club pirls are: Mies
Helen Chesebrough. Miss Newell
Drown, Miss Christine Pomeroy. Miss
Lucy Colemaa, Miss Elizabeth Allen,
Mis? Frances Allen, Miss Olga Ather
t>»n. Miss Gertrude Eells, Miss Frances
Howard, Miss Elizabeth Livermore,
Miss Stella \McCalla. Miss Margaret
Nrv.hall. Miss Elsie Tallant, Miss Em
ily Wilson, Miss Cora Smedberg. Miss
Anna Soerry, Miss Geoevieve King,
Miss Maud Bowne, Miss Gertrude-Jos
selyn. Miss Ruth McNutt, Miss Isabel
Kittle. Miss Linda Cadwalader, \ Miss
Lutie Collier, Miss Emily Carolan and
Miss Elizabeth Huntingdon.
Miss Lucie King. Miss Gertrude
Hyde-Smith and Miss Mamie Josselyn
were special guests.
CAVALRY WILL
JOURNEY EAST
PLAN TO FIGHT
THE RAILROAD
FAITH HEALING
NOT APPROVED
FIRST DANCE
OF GAYETY CLUB
IS A SUCCESS
PHE SAN. FRi\XeiSGO CALL. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 10,- 1903/
. California calendars In splendid -, va
riety, greater than ; ever before.' The
Poppy, Polnsettia - and Burnt ; Redwood
are the 'most popular, as usual. Our 50
cent calendars show best values In • the
city. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market •
9
AMUSElilENTS.
LAST 4 NIGHTS — Matinee Saturday.
William Brady's Elaborate Production of the
Most Popular of All Pastoral Plays,
Way Down East
, By Lottie Blair Parker.
Elaborated by Jos. R. Grlsmer.
LAST TIME 2TEXT SUNDAY 2IIOKT.
BEGXHXTIttG HIXT MONDAY,
The Greatest of Singing Comediennes,
LULU GLASER
In Stangre Jt Edwards' Dainty Comic Opera.
DOLLY VARDEN
Management of F. C. "Whitney.
SEATS HOW BEADY.
« -W" g*< a y-g .a "Tf% Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR E pro £ rt Se.
General Manager.
POSITIVELY THIS WEEK ONLY.
f ; 'r" The Extraordinary Romantic Comedy,
A ROYAL PRISONER
HAS DELIGHTED THE CRITICS?
"The last act Is the best ofr all. When the
curtain fell the crowd didn't want to move."
— Ashton Stevens in Examiner.
"I wouldn't have missed" it for anything.
| Nor should you."— Blanche Partingtcn in Call.
Beautiful Effects — Brilliant Costumes.
Evgs., l'5c to 75c; Mats. Sat. &. Sun., 15c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY — Brilliant Presentation of
David Belasco -and Franklin Fyles*
Famous Military Drama.-. ;•*. f ;"
THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND ME.
[. CHRISTMAS WEEK— BLtE JEANS.
* * ¦
Market Street, near Eighth. Phone South 333.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK,
v MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Tbe Stupendous Sensational Melodrama.
NEWYORKDAYBYDAY
Matchless Ordinal Story.
Great Heart -Interest and Abundant Comedy.
PDirCC Evenings 10c to 60c
rnitCj Matinees 10c. 15c, 25c
Monday. December 14.
"THE SCOUT'S SEVEWCJE."
CHRISTMAS WEEK— AI.PHONSE AND GA3-
¦. . TON.
Go Where the Crowds Go. Do as Othcm Do.
To Laugh Your Wretched Bluea Away
; . , . :- - Juat.Go See
The New Musical Burlesque that Is the Talk
¦ ". of the Town and the Hit of the Season.
Our "All Star" Cast, including: Koib and
Dill, Barney Bernard, Wlnneld Blake. Maude
Amber. Georgia O'Ramey, Ben T. Dillon, Al-
thea Twins. '* ; ; •" - ... •
. Next Monuay — First ¦ appearance of ALLEN
CURTIS, the world's greatest Hebrew Come-
dian. Novel stage effects and magnificent cos-
tumes. New music, new eongg and new Jokes.
Seats two In advance. Matineea Satur-
day and Sanday. • • ¦
Racing ![3§i^ltociiiir!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET. CLTJB. '
t Commencing November 14. " ¦ !
F-ACing Each Weeic Day. F.ala or SiUitk
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commenc* at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
' For •p«dal trains stopping at th« track UJc*
8. - P. - Ferry, foot of Uarkst • street, at • IX
12:30. 1:00 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No unoklas La
laat two can. which «x« . rtwerred tor 1 i4)e»
and ¦ their escorts.
Returning, trains lear* track at 4:11 u4
i:45 and Immediately after th* last rmee.
TH0MA8 H.. WILLIAMS. Prtsidtot.
¦; PERCY ¦ W. TREAT. Secretary. giMBMBSg^p
'SEE THE PICTURES.
THE MASTEB OP APPLEBY
CONCLUDED^
Ah,,l^ow's Your. Chance to S«©
Who Gets Beautiful Madge
NEXT SUNDAY CALL •
GBAPE-1TDTS.
THREE REL\SOXS.
Each With Two Jjegs and Ten Fingers
A Boston woman who is a fond
mother writes an amusing article
about her experience feeding her boys.
Among other * things she \ scys:
'Three chubby, rosy-cheeked lJoyB,
Bob. Jack and Dick, sigred 6, 4 and 2
years respectively, are three of our
reasons for using and recommending
the food, Grape-Xuts, for these
youngsters have been fed on Grape-
Nuts since infancy and often between
meals when other children would
have been given candy.
' "1 eave a package of Grape-Xuts to
a neighbor -.vhose three-year-old
child' was a weazened little thing, ill
half the time. The little tot ate the
Grape-Xuls and cream greedily and
the mother continued the good work
and it was not long before a truly
wonderful change manifested itself in
the child's face and body. The re-
sults were remarkable, even for
Grape-Xuts.
"Both wife and I use Grape-Xuts
every day and keep strong, and well
and have three of the finest, healthi-
est boys you can find . in a day's
march." Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek, Mich.
Many mothers instead of destroying
Ue children's stomachs with candy
ar*i cake give the youngsters a hand-
ful v" Grape-Xuts when they are beg-
ging,/ for something in the way of
rvveett. The result is soon shown In
greatly-.VKcreased health,' strength and
mental activity.
There's » reason.
Look in *ach package for a copy of
the famous "ittle book, "The Road to
Wellville." \ ,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Real Easy "^
« Save lots of W
* Everything that's
Beautiful
Chinaware, Crockery
Glassware . r : ¦• "'.-
Fancy Holiday'
Ornaments and Novelties
Dolls, Lamps, Clocks !
Rich Cut Olass
Dinner Sets
Come before Parting with J
your Money j
' &j* Get our prices . fL
Wy Great Americaa \mmt\n Jm
l_ . 100 Stores I
That's the Reason. Jr
SGI Market.' ' 1410 Polk. / 1S10 Devlsadero.
210 £rant av. 70& Larkin. 3000 Sixteenth.
140 Sixth. 475 Halght. D21 Monttr'y av. '
355 Hayes. : 2516 Mission. 3285 Mission.
146 Ninth. 62 Market. 366 Third. ¦
200S Flllmore. 2732 24th. 400 Fourth.
mnimW J^^^^ JvSJ^ d^mSm JShI J6 .kS^J^SH
THURS JAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY.
Butter— Forest Dale; square ; .400
Good table butter. 3 squares... .......... $1.00
¦ Flour-^-Gobd family ; : 60- lb sack . . . . . .'. . . f 1 .OS
Sugar— Best cane; 20 lbs........ ..JJl.OO
Valuable sliar es or ¦ stock . In " onr proi-
perons ~i grocery ¦; bnsineig , rsEE under
Xoblnson'i mew co-operative lyitem. V
Hams— Eastern? suieaf-cured; ' lb. . '.. ..:... .14c
Coffee— Mocha and ¦ Java; rec. 35c' lb. . . .. .U5c
Maple eyrup— Scudder's; . qts., 4Oc; pts.'.V.SSOc
. Trading ' stamps • taken In c exchange for . our
.valuable coupons. , _.
¦ . NO LIQUORS.-, PROMPT , DELIVERY.
CifO O-CROCERyCOlnc
JOHN « ROBINSON,' President. . >
313 :(VFarreU]St, IVIear Mason
; Fonrierly oit; Post and ¦Buchanan.
. Telephone Folsom 316, * v ,
A3ITTSEJCE1ITS.
fAbSFOflNTir
IjB j THIS WEEK OXLY. ]&*%
\r I The Ever Welcome Favorite. \j \
Y ("b /V lYist From Yistawa |
YON SON
With Nelse Erickson. tbe greatest of all
Swedish dialect comedians. ',
, 2I12XT STTZTDAT
JOS. HART. FOXY
CARRIEDEMARln QRANDPA.
Exactly as given 23O nights in New York.
___ —^ i ¦
MATINEE TO- DAT (THURSDAY). DEC. 10.
Parquet, any «»at, 25o; Dalcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. lCc.
Dazzling J/audeville !
Pauline Hall; Franceses. Redding and
Company; Mines -Hntl Remington;
"Bonncr." Last times of Hal God-
frey and Company; Agnes Malvr;
Clariee Vance and Joseph Xewnian.
MATINE23 TO-OAT AND SATVBDAT.
LAST THREE NIGHTS
MARIE HEATH
IN THE CHARMING RURAL DRAMA OF
NEW ENGLAND LIFE,
FOR MOTHER'S SAKE.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT, J. H. Stoddirt aid
Reuben Fax in THE BONNIE BRIER BUSH.
PDlfCC. EVENINGS 13c. 25c. fCc. T3c
riUVEj. MATINEES 13c. 23c. SOa
High-Class Specialties Ev^ry A?tV
noon and Evening in ths Tns^tre.
T O-HIggT ¦
GALA AMATBU R PERFORMANCE
• Concluding With — — .
NEW LIViNG PICTURES.
EAIU2STAS X3T TSS 30 O!
LOTS OF Fl'.N IN THE PENNY ARCAD5.
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN 5c
When Phocing Ask for "The Chntes." ¦*
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
ELLERY'S^I
ITALIAN BAND
ALKAMBRA THEATER.
LAST FOtR NIGHTS.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND St'NDAT.f
¦ Programine Chaaged Nightly.
• TO-MORROW. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY—
ADDITIONAL, FEATURE. . >
MORESOA TROUPE OF SWORDSMEN
' RESERVED SEATS— 25e. 50c and 75c.' *-
AT SHERMAN. CLAY. & CO.'S. -
Children C3c to a!l parts of the house.
Paiarp dorit fail to
iUiaWW 8ce beautiful
* COURT Lounging
room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r * PALM ROOM, the
llf/lflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
O "a 1 DIES' WRITING*
I Hotels room
Weekly Call $1 uer Mm
. • . . :. . ADVERTISEMENTS.
I'F^QR special, articles. on burn- I
I Jl ing questions, good stories, 1
I beautiful pictures, and novels by I
famous writers, McCLURE'S is |
1 the best of all magazines — and 9
I tKe cheapest. I
I The CHRISTMAS McCLURE'S |
I is now for sale on all news stands./ I
I McClure's—10 cents a copy — $1.00 a year 1
i S J" £, C I .Al i-t Subscribe now for 1904— J1.00— and gel the November aid
H -^ ___ __~ ™_^ ;s".'; December cumbers of 1903 free — 14 months for $1.00. Toe
E| £l Jj JH^ y \ jr^ S. S. McCIure Co., 147 East 25th Street, New Yorfc City.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"King of oO Battled B«crs.'*w*
Bmwt&tiroia Bohemian Heg^
S0£0
; HILBERT MERCANTILE CO..
Pacific Coast Agents.
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGNIEB CO., San Pxanclaco.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
v,-". OF THE v
CONDITION, AND AFFAIRS
:¦¦ ;'¦; — of the— — •
HAMBURG BREMEN
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. In the Empire of Germany,
on tbe 31 at day of December, A. D. 1902.
and for the year ending on that day. as made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to . the provision of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the , Political Code. ' con-
densed as per blank furnished by tbe Com-
missioner. •/;-,:.
. ASSETS. .
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. $l,4S9,075 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 40.0GO 00
Cash lu Banks'. 55,309 11"
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion • •••••• •••• "149,001 79
Total Assets .„ ,.$1,733,3S5 90
LIABILITIES. '
.Losses adjusted and unpaid....... $S.175 00
1 Losses In process of Adjustment or
i iJnSJspense ....;......... 89.34000
Losser resisted, including expenses 12,150 00
i Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or lees. $1,202.-
i''257- 01: reinsurance 50 per cent.. »601,12S SI •¦
! Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- " ..
ning more than one year, $1,126,-
209 87 ; ¦ reinsurance pro rata 608, 627 50
Commissions and Brokerage duo
and to become due. ; 42.213 44
Total Liabilities ;...... '.91.339.634 54
INCOME.' ;':¦ .. t ~
Net caeh*, actually received for ¦'-"-*'. J
¦Fire premiums .............. ..:.$1,B51,85S 41
Received for interest and dividends
. on - Bonds, Stocks-. •; Loans, and
from all other sources. ......... 52,143 72
Total . Income ........... .'. . . .$1,604,037 13
. EXPENDITURES. -. ~ ¦ < = ~
Net anr.ount paid - for Fire Losses
(Including. $70,320 39, losses . of ...
previous 'yeare) ............... , SS9.731 40
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ... ................... 29S.213 03
Paid 5 for Salaries. : Fees and other - " ;
-charges for. officers, clerks, etc. . 122.819 15
Paid- for State, 'National and Local
--taxes"-.. ¦.•:.: .....>> 38,421 23
All • other payments - and expendi-
tures ...........••.• • ... '98,501 04
Total Expenditures .......... ?1,443,6S5 91
. ' , -.- ¦'¦-¦ .'. • .'¦*• /. ; -¦"• . :. Fire.
Loeses ' Incurred during , the year. . $808,011 40
Risks | and I Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. |
Net "amount ; of Risks "__ •
¦ ¦ written during the . ¦ . .
year .........•:.... $141,090,790 $1,934,409 76
Net amount of -risks -. : ; • : • . •
expired during . the
year.'.:............ 130,350,575 1,700.101 30
Net • amount ' in - force p •»<¦«*;
December. 31. 1902.. 182,396,620 2.32S.566 83
"~- . - • - F.i O: AFFELDr U. , S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 22d
day of; January; 1003.' ' ¦¦.¦¦'¦ -~ •.-. .
r /¦ • ; CHARLES ' EDGAR MILLS,
Comml«sloner for California in New York.".
¦ [ RUDOLPH ¦ HEROLD Jr., ; General Agent.
HARRY C. BOYD, Assistant Gen'l Agent^
SAN ; FRANCISCO, CAL.-A MINNEAPOLIS GREYHOUND
WHICH WILL BE CONTENDER
HERE IN RICH STAKE.
Christmas Presents.
.Playing cards, game ' counters, poker
chips (loosa or, in "elegant casts), chess
men, dominoes and checkers allmake ac
ceptablfi Christinas presents. For sale in
greatest variety at Sanborn & ..Vail's. •
Au.relio Herrera hast been matched^to
fight . Charles Neary at {oh
January ; 8. He ; is training' at: the Six
Milo House preparatory 'to going East.
The men* are" to .'weigh : 130 at' 3
o'clock. • Dan. ; Sullivan, the . undefeated
amateur,; has been after a. match with
Herrpra. - \ -....' • *
Herrera Secures a Match.
Frank Manasso, who is .; Jeffries''
double, is "to meet Mick : Dunne, the
Irish boal heaver, in a four-round box
inpr bout to-night, before the-' Lincoln
Athletic Club. These.h'eavyweights are
the! best in" the amateur ranks and both
are .ambitious g to hold . the champion
ship. The big event^is, to form part. of
the .; monthly, boxing 'exhibition to 'be
decided in the Mechanics' Pavilion An
nex, The balance of the card. follows:
Will Grady vs. Willie ; Frjel. ;105
pounds;" Dick 'Richards vs. .'Jack
mersal; 115 pounds ; ;' Jack! Bradshaw vs.
Joe Kelly, 110 pounds ; ; Joe Podestoj.vs.*
Tom Sulljvan, 130 pounds,' and Joe'Lar
kin vs. Jack Burke. ,133 pounds;- Milton
Haye3 will referee all thebouts^George
Itobinson will act as timekeeper.
Lincoln CInb ContcsL«i.
Ix*nc1s Out Trocru'.ero and /.
Joe Doughty.
NEW. ORLEANS, Dec. 9.— Results: ,
.First race, five furlongs— Sly Bo.ot3
won, Sid Silver, second, Spec third.
Time, 1:04. ::
Second race, one and a quarter miles—
Little. Elkin won; Trocadero second,
Joe Doughty third. Time, 2:14 4-5.
Third, race, mile— Lampoon won.
Tioga second. Royal; Pirate}.- third.
Time,*l:4" 1-5. . - '• . .
Fourth, race, mile. and seventy yards
—Dan McKenna won, Potheen' second,
Ben Chancb third;. Time, 1:50 "4-5; .'
Fifth race. Fix furlongs— J.; P. May
berry won, Josette second, Bengal
third. Time, 1:171-5. . . . -
.Sixth race. 1 ' mile-rKlwasa won, Cal
cutta second, Reckless . third. Time,
1:47.-- '¦ . .-; ... .:'.'. ' "¦• ¦• • x. :¦ 1 ' -
Tlie Chestnut Son of Lamplighter
IJTTLE ELKIX FIRST
AT NEW ORLEANS TRACK
Jim Garland, was played to win' the
frst race on the strength of some- fast
workouts. 1 "'¦
Atlantlco, which Was third in the
two-year-old sprint, is a 6on of. Vi'nctor.
Consistency is all right, -but in ag
gravated cases it ceases- to be a virtue.
If only for the owner's sake, with the
public utterly disregarded, the Judges
should set down R. Wilson for incom
petency. The youngster has been rid
ing Byron Roge and The Je,w and has
demonstrated that he is still lacking
about three years of being a rider.
Buccleiith was badly cut down in his
race. • '••y,'- ,*; ;- ' . ';, ' ¦ '
Royalty 'acted sluggish, and, drowsy
at the post, and it' is the- Kaiser Wil
helm der Grosse to .an Italian fishing
smack that ' a Chinese orchestra ren
dering a funeral dirge right at his
heels could not have aroused him.
The card for this afternoon is an es
pecially, attractive one. Besides a sev
en-furlong handicap with a fine field
of 6tarters, there is an owners' handi
cap down for decision. In^this latter
event start the flyers Bummer, Dainty,
Warte Nicht. Claude and Burnie Bun
ton, -each with a "catch" 'up, and it
would not be surprising to-see the six
furlong record broken:
The match race, between Horatius
and Divinafell through" because. Jo
Terry of Sacramento, owner- 6t the
latter, stated that he had givenari op
ticn on the mare and did not care, to
take any chances of getting her in
jured. ; \ '.'.¦¦
ENTRIES FOR .TO-DAY... : .
First "race. Futurity 1 court*, three-year-olds
and upward; eelllnB:*'
5414 Bel Kosewater (J. Nichols) .....104
4W2 Byronerdale <J. : M. Crane) 107
5414 Pure. Dale <Thomas &• Co.}....... . .'.104
•V«4 Moana (Rateln City Stable).. .......... 109
M72 Elfln Kin* <P. HerzoK) ......... .107
5354 Fat Morristey (T. Wellman) ......10;)
53»0 'Jennie Hughes (R. Hughes).... .... ..mi
5426 Lurene (^y.¦ L. .Prltchard). .......... .10)
5.'tlG Titus (D. Meek) ....U'4
54C8 Autumn Time < El tjrimero Stable). ... 1<J1>
41M5 •Illiloucn (B... Randall) .......107
519S Skip Me tFlexnlng & Co.) V.'.llS
' Secqpd race,.- seven- furlongs, ¦ two- year-olds
and upward; selling: •' \ p ¦ •• <
5421 Initrument (McAllister- & Co.). ;....'. .102
0424 'Anirad >U. Coftey).... ..... 04
5420- *Elle «G. I^anka) ,1)4
5121 IJorrbardler <Jennlnr» & Co.).. tt»
5427 JudKe (M. J. Daly)... 103
53C1 Avenger (J. F. Schorr). ..'.... ::...*.. .102
5361 Durbar (J. Curl): .". t'J
M76 The Mighty (T. G. Ferguson)..... 105
03S5 'Eugenie IJ(B. Schr«iber). ....... U7
Third race— Futurity coune; three-year-cld«
and up: selling.
B.TSO •Itckav.-ay CA. J. Jackson) 102
5426 Little Margaret (C. Young). 104
jiHS Mat[\Ho?an (Mograne & Co.).. 112
W2S rrhisba (J. F.. Strlte) 104
M14 Saintly (F. . Crowe). .Hi!
5428 My. Surprise 1^ iff. M. -'Rogers) "'l01
63H2 Father Wentker (B. Schr«!V>er) 115
-. M07 Almcner <Lar!>on &. Co.).
.v:m; »Oro Vi\a (Ward &- King). .. :.....'.'. .ioi>
• 4CtitJ Epyptian Prlncej-s (F. J. ORourke). .113
5TCH) •R 1! p (J. Green) 107
5119 'Pallle Goodwin (La Frances & Co.). 104
Fourth race^-Seyen furlong*; all asres; handi
cap. • " ' . ¦ •
..:.• PIay:Ball (M. J.;Daly) 1)0
. r )41l Irldlus (Jennings & Co.).. .......110
45<)2 Flush of Gold <Owen & Co.). . ..•...'.. .10-J
K!SJ RrasK (J. Curl) '......;/.... .107
ruil nehelmness <li. Schreiber)....". fC
5417 Yellowtall 'J. Hack«tt).-. ............ .114
5:x)4 JorTn A. Scott <M. Jones)'. :.....:.... .100
Fifth race— Six f urlones;'thre«-year-0ld3 and
onwurf; owners' handicap: . , .
Kim Warte Nlcht (P. Wilfcerson) ...V 78
MSX Dainty • Uennlnrs ft Co.). ............ 65
.VK3 Claude' (M. J. Daly). ....... ...V. 80
. Bummer 'Johnson & Co.)... ".....; t)0
0303 Burnie Bunton (J. K. Newman). ,75
Pixtfi, race — One mile; thres-year-olds and
unwnrd;
5414 Kwa Nogjr (S G. Morten & Co. ).:... 101
MM David S <W..I,. Ftanfleld) 104
.1410 Shell Mount (T. Wellman) ......... m
M20 Knforznrto <h. Baldwin) . . J»5
540t Grail fC. Yrung)'.'... mi
r.3r>7 'Haeerdnn (H. U Frank). ....... ]0fi
M'.'S 'Oscar Tolle (Klunder & Burns) .". 97
T>42P Bill Mans'e *J. MeAlester) 102
MBS *Lacy Crawford ( B. Schrelb*;-) 9.1
T>412 Bcutonlere (Jnhns/m & Co./ 05
M22 Achilles' tMcCabe «; pp.) „.. 10,2
5388 *GorgaIette (J.D. Fitzgerald)... 90
i *Appreni Ice allowance. %
' PKOBAELE TKTIITNEKS.
'First race— Skip DCe. Jennie Hughes,
Pare 3?Rle." \ v. , .-
Second race-7-Judsra, Avenger,' Durbar.
Third ! race^— Matt . , Hogran. Saintly,
Father VTentker.
Fourth race— IrldluB, Yellow Tail,
JpHnA.'Scott.
Fifth race — Bununer, Warto' Nicht,
Bnrnle Bnaton. ¦¦¦¦-¦¦ ¦ • ;v:
Sixth ' race— Hagrerdon, Ctrall, Lacy
Crawford. .-••••-
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.— Nearly all the
riders in the six-day bicycle race
showed evidence of strain at daylight
to-day. The sole topic of discussion
was the show of pluck made by W. C.
Barclay, who, rather than break his
contract with the management, con
tinued to ride while suffering from a
broken rib and numerous bruises re
ceived in a fall shortly before, mid
night. Barclay's pain was so great
that he could not reach out his hand
to take food from his trainers . while
riding. His helpers announced with
out any attempt at concealment that
they had given him large doses , of
wha.t they termed "dope" before he
returned to the track. il.T.
Franz Krebs did all he could to re
lieve his partner by returning to the
track frequently. This rapidly, sapped
his strength and he, too, was forced to
lose^ome laps.
.At 6:30 o'clock Barclay and Rettich
retired from \ the race. Barclay had
then ridden nearly four hours after re
ceiving. his injuries. He was half car
ried to his quarters. Rettich's part
ner, Gougoltz, teamed with; Franz
Krebs, 'Barclay's partner. ' This left
but twelve teams in the race. The
score of the leaders, at 'midnight stood:
Leander ! and' Butler, Walthou; and
Munroe, Newkirk and Jacobson, Be
dell brothers, Contenet and Breton,
Bowler and Fisher, Root and Dorland,
and Krebs and Peterson, 1259 miles 6
laps; Keeegan and Moran, 1259 miles 5
Sufferins From a Broken Rib
and Bruises.
Barclay Continues in the Race While
SIX-DAY RIDER IS DOPED
TO FIT HIM FOR THE RACE
The Track and Stands and All Other
Details Will Be In
Readiness.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 9.— Ascot Park
track will be ready for the opening
date, the 24th inst.
The stables are finished and are filled
with horses. The grand stand, which
is designed to be the largest and most
modern west of Chicago, la fast near
ing completion and the track is being
used to exercise the numerous thor
oughbreds now stabled on the ground.
Electric transportation facilities are
now complete and from now to the
24th will be devoted to cleaning up and
arranging the minor details. Manager
J. W. Brooks said to-day:
"We will positively open on the 24th.
Everything will.be In readiness before
that date and there will be racing at
Ascot Park the day before Christmas,
rain or shine. The stakes have filled
better than I expected. There are more
than 700 entries, including some of the
best horses in the country. There will
be a splendid clas3 of riders here, in
cluding O'Xeil. De Souza. Odom. T.
Bums, Troxler, Redfern, "Wonderly and
others. The track will be in the best
possible condition and we expect to
have it as fast as any in the United
States for the opening day."
FOOTBALL GA3IE PROVIDES
THREE HOSPITALi SUBJECTS
Football Game on Xew Year's Day
Between the Big Colleges
: • Is Assured.
BERKELEY, Dec. 9.— All obstacles
to an intercollegiate football game on
Xew Year's day between California
and Minnesota were swept away to
day, when a telegram was received
by Graduate Manager Ezra Decoto
from Minnesota, which contains an ac
ceptance' of the terms proposed by
California. - -
The game has been hanging fire for
nearly a week, " and at one time it
seemed there would be no game at' all,
as both sides were determined to carry
their point in regard to terms. Minne
sota wanted to pay its own expenses
and share in the gate receipts. To
this Manager Decoto objected, as he
preferred to pay all expenses and take
chances on there being a crowd big
enough to produce a surplus. For a
time the Minnesota people stood out,
but to-day settled the controversy by
wiring its acceptance.
Under the agreement California
promises to pay the expense of the
visiting party, which will include twen
ty players, and the coaches, trainers
and manager necessary to look after
the men and their interests. The visit
ors will be entertained in San Francisco
ten days, which means that it will
come to California ten days in advance
of the game and get the* advantage of
that time for practice and to become
acclimated. .
Manager Decoto says he will insist
on the Minnesota Varsity team. coming
to the coast, there having been rumors
that the Eastern university Intended to
send its second eleven. He will demand
a list of the players who participated
in the principal games in the East, and
unless a sufficient number come the
game will be called off. "
Medical and Dental Students Engage
in a Sanguinary Contest on the
Multnomah Field.
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. 9. — A game of
football played on the Multnomah field
between , elevens representing respect
ively the medical and the dental stu
dents of the city proved a sanguinary
contest. Three subjects for a clinic
were made in one down.
In the middle of the second half the
ball was downed in the center of the
field, and after the tangle of human
arms and legs had sorted itself out.
Right Guard Cree's leg was found to be
broken. Left Guard Gill's shoulder was
dislocated and two of , Left Half Rem
ington's ribs were caved in. The cas
ualties were due more to the players*
ignorance of how to protect themselves
against injury than to any unusual
fierceness of play. ¦."';:
Olympic Club Handball Matches.
The handball court of the Olympic
Athletic Club held, an interested crowd
of spectators last night. The score3
follow: ::
" Doubles — Magee and Bain 21-21 vs. Run
and Bowman 3-12; Pohetm and Pockwltz 21-21
vs Crabbe and Boyer 7-6.
Singles — Krueg«r 21-21 vs. Bullion 17-19.
Games for to-moorw night — Powers, ' and
Fritz vs. Converse and. Loulsson; Pohelm and
Pockwitz vs. Cavanaugfh and Lyons; Paul
Fay vs. A. Bullion.
Fire Destroys Valuable Machinery,
VENTUJt A, Dec. 9.— Fire totally de
stroyed the mammoth machine shed
and shop of Dozier' Lewis. 'and John
Scarlett, near Oxnard, early, this morn^
ing. ..The. Ipss will exceed $10,000. This
Is the "fourth large fire in Ventura
County during the past ten days. The
origin of the fire is unknown. The
property was insured for $3000.'
Sheep that can be stolen are apt to
turn put poor mutton. . .. ,
The highest class field of greyhounds
ever brought together in America will
start on- Saturday at Union Coursing
Park in the ninth renewal of the John
Grace. Challenge Cup. The stake has a
value this year of $3350.
} Fifteen Easter .greyhounds, the pick
of the kennels, are entered and 7 the
running of the stake gives promise of
being a battle royal between the East
and.. the West: The stake was drawn
last night in the presence of a large
gathering of coursing men. Of the
greyhounds whose performances are
known the following seem to have the
best chance' of running into the big
money: .In ihe upper, half of the card,
Full Moon, Sacramento Boy." Charter
Member,- Northern Express. and Barge.
In the lower half, Pocatelli, Rubber
Ankles, Rector; Belle Free and Clover
dale. -
The money will be divided as follows:
To the winner, 5500; runner-up. $300;
two at $175 each; four at $100;. eight at
$50, and sixteen at $25. The remaining
$1000 will be divided between the
"purse" and the "plate" for which the
beaten dogs are eligible.
• Dr." W. J. Hosford. president of the
Interstate/. Coursing Club, announced
the following ofncia\s for the meeting:
StewardSf T. J. Cronln and P. J. Rellly,
Interstate Coursing Club; E. M. Kel
logg, . Mississippi, Valley Futurity
(Iowa);. J. Blake, Montana CouMing
Club, and M.J. ' Pierce, San Francisco
Coursing Club; John Grace, judge, and
James F. Grace, slipper.
The .coursing will commence on Sat
urday upon the arrival of the 11 o'clock
train. The draw last night resulted as
follows: -
John Grace Challenge, cup — Otorge Nether
cott'n Red Rock vs. George Xethercott's Charter
Member; M. C. Uaiano's.McVey vs..0. Walsh"«
Sacramento Koy; Blake & Smith's Clc^Jburst
vs. William Grelchen'a Rich Array; P. J. Hor
gran's Donnyhrook \«., J. H. ilossiter namfs
Richard Anton; J. Charlton & Son's Celtic vs.
Wilson & Allen's Advertiser: ! J. H. Rosseter
names Rocker Arm vs. C. A. Lyons' Texas lloo
Hoo: G. Nethercott's Uarge v*. T. J. Mcln
erney's Young Johnny Rex; C. Miller's Presidio
Boy vs. M. J. Force's Piker; Q. Van Hum*
mels Van. Nora vs. 1*. F. Callen's Gambit: P;.
J. Rellly names Troublesome vs. ,'T. H. Ro«
seter names Racing Auto; P. F.-Callen's Hon
est Jchn vs. J. H. Rcsseter names Ragged Act,
or; W. T.i Rauirht'8 Mickey Free • vs. J. Shea
names Quita; • P. -F.'-Callen's ¦•¦ Mi Amlgo vs.
Ulake & Smith's Northern Express; Q. Van
Hummel names JE H vs. W. Johnson's Ar
ticulate; P.' J.-Lnnde names Pacing Billy vs.G.
Lacy Crawford's Beacon ;> P. J. Lande names
Yankee Boy vs. ,E.. Reddy's Full Moon;"C. C-
Griswcld PBmes . Rantd Writer vs. . M. Kelly's
Colored f Lady, j William 'Gre!chen's Runaway
Actress vs. ' K. Geary's- Amandan; G.
Crawford's. Rectcr vs. W. T. Raurhfs Belle
Free; .1. I5ennls'.Ren»gad« Apache vs. J. Den=
nts' The - Referee; E. Baumetster's Cubanola
vs. R." Lang's Mount Rose; George Nethercott'i
Pocatelll vs. O. Lacy Crawford's Viking; T.'J.
Cronln's Vandal v». W." C. < Gibson, names
Tralee Boy; P. J. Horgan's Ragtime vs. P. J.
Land* names Game-Boy: J. H. Rosseter names
Ruhber Ankles vs. T>. B. • Lyons' A ppJp Blos
som;-T.J. Croriln's Fair Tralee vs... I. H. Ros
seter names Real Article: J. H. Ha ltpn names
I llv Wiiffhf vs. ' P. ; J. ; I^nde names Menlo
Prince; P. , J.r .Lawie names; Boots vs.' G?orge
Rharman'i* Hl?h ;Bcrn; K. M. Kslly'8 T^-lseo
Lad . va. . W. . Gresmer.'s Our Motto: E. [ Sfott's
Pfimorii vs. K.',!!. 1 KcIIopk'b Joe Pasha: W. J.
Brownlmr'namcji Liberator Vo. M. , J. , Pierce' s
Clnverdale:'-E. -Burke's John Heenan- vs. O.
Zahl'a Conroy. • . . .-; . - -
Occi'.icntal , Club Offlcei*s.'
At the " annual meeting of the Occi
dental: Athletic .Club -'on Monday even-,
ing.the following" officers were elected:
George Kelly., president; Vincent -, J.
Hayes, 'vice president;"- Charles John
son,, financial' 'secretary;;. William
Cano'v'ari, " corresponding, secretary ; J.
J.". Condpn.i treasurer and -captain;
Frank Griffln,«vice captain;' directors—
A. A.' Thomas. T. J.^Lydon, J.' M.'Pren
dergastf C/ J.' Morgan'and Aug. Frick";
John C/ Griffin; delegate to ; the Pacific
Amateur" Association", "v - •"..''
Cordell to Fight Seigrr.
A match -was -made yesterday be
tween ; Jack- Qordell,' the /promising
young .lightweight boxer, and . Charlie
Seiger.theJ ''iron man." ' They "will
fifteen ; rounds . 'before the Reliance
Club of jOakland . about . the middle of
January. A
3IINNESOTA ACCEPTS
CALIFORNIA'S TERMS
I,OS ANGELES RACING
WILL CO3IMENCE OS TI3IE
OAKLAHD RACETRACK— WEDNESDAY. Dec. 9.— Weather fino. Truck fast.
5 132. FIRST nACK— Six and a half furlonKs; selling; 3-year-clJa and up; value to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. IWijSLjj/^J. ' *i" St~rT~>l"n~.T Jockey, j Op. Cl.
iTTTlcter. Towers. 4 (Stockton Sta.)!102l V 1 \ 1 1 l i1 2 * - \ ,V» IHHdfbrand 11-5 , 2
KS1 UJRruda. 4 (Kirk & Co.) I 0< 5 2 >t 3 1 l i= l'.-.2 'a 2 2VJ. f*» - »*- v 7. -Z
M23 ISchwarzwald. 4 (Schreiber). . .1 Mill '.» »~ H 2 7 2 ft 1 -t n J.-feooker... ¦» <>
MM Cherries. 5 Hate & Co.) W 3 4 "4 :< n 3 n :t '4 4 '? U. Jackson. 1- 13
<«790)|Carilee. 5 (Appleby & Co.). .. .'nfij « « \ ' x i « 1 !*« - 5 M- Foley |10 l»
4O»u t Border Mark, :i (Hutchlnson). . j iUj 7 H» n 10 1 S '2. SI On jKunz -u wu
.... IBright Moon. 4 (Garland Co.).il02| » S 1 4« 4 "• 'j ' 4 ' 'MiiJ. Martin.. 1") »
&42a jivtc (Jratiot. 3 (Karron & Co.) BO S 7 'a * ¦>•! * 'a * » » 2 U Spencer. 0 8
•V«S (Leash 1 (L. Levy) 01112 114 11 10 2 10 2 S» 2 Earnehaw . j 1|»
4.V5S IKaiie'W^lcott. C (Kauffn^n) . . |1«>2! 4 :t % 8 2 0 2 !• 2 10 2 |T. Butler... 4 1
.V«12 iMaud Mulkr. :t (Mrs. Miller). 94, 8 B S 0 2 11 2 11 2 11 2 lOllphant .. B0 100
4 IS7 !Str t>ewiP. 4 (J. M. Crnr.e) lODjlO 1 2 VI 12 1- 1- H 1 - Kelly... I ¦ -» '•>
Tim»— :2.1>'4. :4S»i. 1:14',. 1:21. At pest 4 Vi minutes. Off at 2:1S. Sterling Towers, place,
§4-5: tbotr. 2-5. ritruda. place. S-5; hhow. 4-5. Sch^arzwald. fhow 3-2. ch. m
by Fitzjames-Quadruplfx. Trained by J. MrCulIou«h. Start good. \\ on easily. Next two
¦driving hard. Winner had good racing luck and is fa»t. Schji-arswald came from ra r.
hack. Canlee will Improve. Border Mark has a chance. Brlfiht Moon had workea wen.
Leash oft jioorly. Katie Walcott excused herieif early^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
5433. PECOND RACE — Six furljnis; purse; two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
!nd<x| Hcrse and Owner. H- WrS-%-. str - Fln - I Jockey. Op. Cl.
0413 ICapt. Forsee (Alhambra Sta.)|107( 2 ... 2 h 2 1H1 n 1 n Chandler .. X 6 1«
(54tn);Otto Ptifel (B. Schreiber) |107| 5 ... 1 1 !il 1%2 2H2 5 J. Daly 1 £-» l-j«
S2I0 (Atlantiro < D. Williams) ilUJlO ... !) 2 5 1 3\M 3 -"H Fcley 15 »'{
r.415 jFlea <V. Gilbert) i 07J <i ... « lVi« 'i * ** * lVj|Hildebrand WJ
<54ii:i)!Miss netiy (T. G. Ferguson >.i 104 1 S> ... s n 7 'i 5 n 5 V 2 jj Martin.. j .J •<¦
.W.1 Ethe! Abbott (Mrs. Miiler). . .|1O2 1 ... 5 n » n 0 Vi « n [C. Kflly...; - ( ' ««
(4T.;i)^trlfe (Barr.m & Co.) ;103 8 ... 4 2%3 1 7 U 2 7 4 Can»nr.;..i 15 >'»
.... Foxy Grandpa <.VIr K . Coffey). .;1(K 7 .,.1015101003 S4 IU. Miller. .| M 1W)
54W Th P Jew (R. Wilson) i »•: 4 ... 3h 4h S2 » 1HJR. Wilson., ?><• 100
¦ 54KI Wra; : Harrfsh (S. G. Morton)..) «7| 3 ... 7 "h It 1 10 8 10 5 !.I. Booker. .. 30 pi)
.... Technique <J. F. Clifford). . ..ilO2jll ... 11 1 1 11 11 I W- Pu«aP» • I 30 *^W
Time— :24^i. :484 1:13%; At poAi*% minute?. Off at 2:4:5%.' Forsee. place. 2: show.
:j-5. SUM piace, l-i>; show. 1-8. Atlantlco. show. 5. Winner, b. c. by Libert ne-
Straleht Tip. Trained by J. H. McGee. Scratched— Bombardier. Start Epod. Won clev
erly. Next two driving hard. Chandler replaced See on Captain Fon?ee to-day. Note
the difference. Atlantico ran i:Kt a fair one. Miss Betty off badly nnd no chance.
" Strife showed fpeed with Carton up. The Jew could d°s°j™^"£*[iMlJ^
t4:t4. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 3-year-clds and up; value to first. S325.
Ir.d»x I Hots* and Owner. IWt'SL Vi . ¥* ¦ Str. Fin.. I Jockey. [ Op. Cl.
f->6 Morelio. 4 (J. Quinlan) .*. -flOCi B 2 1^. 2 1, 1 h 2 1^1 h |L. Jackson. | "J j>
S412 JTne Miller, a <(}. P. McNeil)..; !»7; 7 1 iu,l * t 2 I •*. 1 h 2 4 jHlldebrand 2 {>-&
".422 [Tom piavin. 5. 1 Clifford) ilfAK, « ¦» 1 4 2'">4 2 4 n 3 2 . [McKlnnon • « 7
.'41J» Canejo. Q <G. B, Morns) 105j 3 3 y[ :i \^:i I%.1 n 4 P* .Chandler •• 4 4
.'4(io j'Tatain. 3 (W. P. Magrane) ' Otill 10 2 s IUj5 I'i7 4 » ft IJ. Hooker. .| 5 «
4775 f'latonlus. 4 (E. M. Smith). ..;104| 4 » li, it h 7 2 5 h «l n |flnnott 25 30
Ml« M:»s Wra, « (P. G. Lvnch). . |102| 3 5 % .'. 2 (i n (i 1 7 4 |L., Spencer. 10 I»
5418 Prince Blazer, p (K. lierz). . . [lOOj 0 « 1, 7 >i 8 4 St N n ; Foley I 1- ''»
3fM7 H. P. On?. 2 (Hutchinson). . 1IOO1 2 9 1' 10 fi » «i fl 4 » m'Kunz I &O J*H>
507S iTh^ron. 4 (P. MoAuliffe) ,10»| 1 7 o 0 n 10 6 10 4 ll> « |W. Duf?an.| :«» 1«>
:«-€5 Neil Helton, a (Beall & Co.)..110;10 11 11 11 Jl 11 ;Bredin 1 5«> !•"»
Mio Gre>-feld. n <O. A. Davis). . ,,;;l»i| Left. jPrlor I 1^ / W
Tim^— :^4. :tsv,, tiU%, 1:27. At i>ost U 1 ,* minutes. Off at 8:151*,. Marello. place, 3; show,
3-2. Miller, place. 7-10: show. 1-3. Slav In, show, 3-'.'. Winner, ch. g. by Mariner-
Fld*lla. Traintd by J. Quinlan. Start Kood. Won In a hard drive of .two. Third
easily. Marel'o outstayed The Miller. Tom Plavin must be a pretty coed hori*. Canejo
tired. Toir.m off poorly. Platonlus would have been knocking with a vigorous ride.
fjlJCT, FOl'RTH HACK — One mile and 50 yatdi; selling; 3-year-olds and up: val. to first. $.125.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtlSt V*. \<t. %¦ Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. Cl.
:aZ'. lltrnoclo. 4 (P. C. Donaleche) . . : &9; 2 '.» t: 0 8 7 2 2 1 1 n J. T* Shehn 3 3
T41.! Cfcronal. 3 (Chappelle & Co.)..| 9C 1 rt 7 2 7 n 4 U 4 i V.2 .'! 'HHdebrand 3 7-2
<r,4-.»4) llk.wah... 4 <H. Stover) illO: .! 2 >i 2 h 2 h* 3 4 3 \<% |See '. . 4 8
B339 Solon. 0 (G. Webb) \U»\ 1 8 lv.s i_, (i h 7 2 4 n II. Powell... 3 , 2
5414 Hellas. 3 «J. Creely) j a.>! 5 1 1V..1 l'jl l'il h "• 'i .J. I-ewis... 4o 1C0
i5Jl£)'Buecleuth. 4 (H. Schreiber) J 9Si 7 !i % ~> '-. . r « 1 ' ¦<"• n 62 ;J. Booker... 5 10
r«41i> :Dlscus. :; (Johnson & Co.) I »2'l» lo 10 1"> 10 7 2» a IJohnson. . . CO 10"
.V5S.C jDiiniHrte. S (W. J. Spiers) !lO7 4 3 n « h S 2 S h S 2 iWaterbury . 8;:--15,
5422 J. J. Corbett. 5 (P. Hedges). . .'loo! 8 « n 4 Ui.T 1 SJ 112 Foley 10 15
TitH' \ I'o:.. a <Mrs. Ower.s) ¦¦! \)M ft 4 :l 4 3 n '¦) 1 n 1 10 IL. Spencer. 10 25
Time — :24V Sf :4s:; 4 . 1:1.'>, l:40* 4 . l:43tt« At post S m!nut». Off at 3:37. Ignacio, place,
1. show. J-2. Carona'i. place, C-5; show. 3-.%. Illowahn. show, 3-2. Winner, ch. h. by>
Hock Hot-king Jr.-Pichona. Trained by P. (*. Donaleche. Scratcljed — Erne. Start good.
Wcii handily. Next three driving hard. Winner almost knocked to his knoos on first
turn. £he«-han stuck with the rail and finally wen out. Caronal ran out all through the
*in?t<'h or he would have won. Solon bumped oh flrst turn" and then taken over ths Chtl
ccot Pass route. Heilas is due to win soon. Buccltutli was cut down. Diamante was
"Watei buried.'* —
r>4::0. FIFTH RACE— Six 'and a half furlong*; selling: 3-yr.-olds & up; value to first. J.^j.
lnciti! Horse anj Owner. IWtiSt. hiT. Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op] cT. :
1 1 — :. , — — . 1
4UIM) .Mocorito. 3 (.T. Wellman) 11021 2 ... 4 h 4 1 'i3 h 1 1 IJ. Martin... 3 4
(B4t2)|Auot Pclly. D <Gj-affort & Co.)|10l| 3 ... :t I 1 h 1 h 2 n' (Bell ..* . B -8
".4'2 Pus« In Boots. :; «Jr*epho) 1 :»I! 4 ... 1 n 2 1V'.2 M-i3 4 >H!ldebrand 5-2- 1
<54i.2). Vflma Clark. 5 (McAlester). . .'105! 1; ... 5 3 3 4 4 2 4 l'ill. Powell... 12 7
5415 Rollick. 5 iM. .tones). ..1112! 1 ... '¦'• l j 5 <i h 5 h l.l. Bullman. 5 5
(3490)10 Pilcto. 5 (H. W. HoaK)...!102| 8. ... «n (• 2'i7 1 .0 2 {Chandler .. 10 10
5419 Dotterel. :i (F. J. O'Roarke)..! «?! 7 ... 7 :j 7 3 5 1; ; ;i jKunz 20 40
5:iriS !Alta G, 3 (Mrs. Hertzell). . . . .j 04i 5 ... S 3 S " S iAr.derson ..15 50
Time— :23'4. :4SVi. I:13'i. l:20»i- At poet 3 minutes. Off at 4:01. MocoritoT place~7-5;
show. 7-10. Polly, place. :!: show. 6-5. Pius. show. 1-4. Winner, ch. m. by Amigo-Sants
Monica. Tralnrd by G. Wpntworth. .Scratched — Quatre. Harry Thatcher, Quiet 1,'iurra
tea. Start pcmVI f^r all l.ut El Piloto. Wrn In a rtriv« of thr>»«. Aunt Polly should have
wen. Be'l let Martin through on rail when latter* s case looked hopeless. Hildebrand
"h Pus* in Hoots ro<'«; a weak finifh. Vrln:a Clark outfootcd. Too mucn weight en Rol
lick.. El Pftato ofT very badly. . ' *
5437. SIXTH HACE-1'a miles: eellins: three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325?^
Index I Hcrse and Owner. IWtlSt U ¦ VT- %T~Str. Fin. f Jockey, j OpT CL
r.4K» famhaccre>. 5 (V. Gilbert 1... I 04* l'.l 2 12 I 1 '41 U. | 1 ,'HiIdebrtind I 6 9^»
MIC II O V. 4 (C W. ¦¦fhanp-H>...'10?| 4 3 «i 4 Vi 4 1 v^4 U 2 2 3 !.T. T. Shehnl 4 7
M22 Coucar. 5 (Boits & Co.). . 1 . . ' 1 02 i :i 2 2 2 *i 2 '4 2 1 .t % >V Kellv I 10 1"5
W18;«hhOlrl 1 (L^n & Co.).! W« «1 B« 5 .->. 5 3 »h IHolbrook V ; l 30 , CO
, r 42.-> 'Fr»n'< Woodi, « (Gs»r(!ei C. S.) "0 i 5 8 ] .". h 3 1 3 »4 ", t |J J.owi« ° II 5
I (.•>4iiS)iPrrstolu3, 3 IF. Devin) 11031.2 4. n 5 CdlOns'llS it.' Jackson" I 10 "H
| <r..t?3)JRo>-a'ty. 4 »H. Gr^en)-. K . x ; , S s 73 7 10 'Sherwood I 6-5 7^5
5401 iRio.Shanncr.. 6 <Mrs. CafT«y>.!lO21 7 7_« 7 <J 7 % S ' "8 ¦ !E. MJlIer.V.'l 30 ICO
Time —^'•.24'^. :50. 1:1s 1 ;. 1:4P*. 1 :54. At post l'J minutes. Off at 4:24. Cambaceres
Dlace «-S; show. 1-2. I O U. place. 2: show 4-.V -Cougar^ show 2. Winner blk c'
by Irt.-\l!un-C?n'l<d. Trained hv V. Gilbert. Start good for all ' but Royalty. Won
hardily. N'ext two driving. Every dog >ias hit tay and- Cambareres" finally ran off
with the bone. I O TJ came close to Fettling up^ Coupar showed imurovement Woods
could rot get un. Wooden, stage and zinq money forced the price about Royalty from
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.— The National
League of Professional Baseball Clubs
at its second day's session at the Ho
tel Victoria to-day decided to lengthen
the baseball season. This will not
allow the teams of the two major
leagues who win the pennants to play
for. the championship of the world.
The board decided that each club
shall play 154 games with each other
club, instead of 140 gaWes. as was
called for in last seasqpi's schedule.
The schedule committee will try to so
arrange the schedule that each club
will have enough off days so that
postponed games will not be played on,
the same day with schedule games.
The season will open about April
lo and continue- until October 10.
I The uniform contract approved by
the national commission was adopted
by the league. President Pullram was
instructed to vote at a meeting of the
national commission for a rule to de
clare Ineligible any player who Jumps
a contract with any league a party
to the national agreement.
The league adopted a rule that
clubs of the league must waive claim
to the services of a player before he
can be signed by a club for another
league. The rumor of consolidation
with the American League was denied
with a vehemence that seemed to set
tle the question for this year at least.
Karry Robinson, a well-known "West
ern horseman, is here from Chicago.
Jake Msrklein disposed of Laura F
M and Brissac at auction yesterday.
Billy Majjrane did the auctioneering
and obtained $1100 for the filly, John
Me!lin b<iing the purchaser. D. Ripley
{Tiive SCOO for Brissac. Alice Carey,
owned by Sandy McXauRhton, was
knocked down to the bid of J. Nichols
for $700.
Captain Fcrsee of the Pinkerton force
has a gold watch picked up in the bet
ting rin?. which the owner may have
by proving property.
J. Ransch viewed the racing from the
ground yesterday. Ransch, since his so
journ in Europe, has become an accom
plished linguist, speaking French, Ger
man. Scandinavian. Austrian, Hungar
ian. Bulgarian. Polish and Norwegian
fluently without the aid of a crutch or
cane. He will spend a week at his
home in Bakernfield and then come
back here to ride as" a free lance.
John Bullman was accorded a warm
reception as he passed the stand on
the back of Rollick. He rode five
rounds overweight, which ' was mor**
than Milt Jones' sprinter could nego
tiate. v ;
Dr. Dunn, the track surgeon, states
that the condition of Frank Knoch,
the exercise boy who was injured some
days ago, is favorable to recovery.
Bright Moon, a maiden trained by
Cambaceres. played from 6 to 4VJ.
made a runaway affair of the closing;
rr.ile and s. furlong event. The black
horse seemed transformed to a Hindoo,
skimming in a length before I O U,
with Coutrar an ordinary third.
NOTES OP THE TRACK.
George Webb's horse closed favorite
at 2 to 1. get mixed up In a bumping
match at the first turn, compelling
Powell to take the overland route, and
was unplaced. Ignacio, the second
choice, was almost knocked to his
knees also at the turn, but J. D. Shee
han clur.c to the rail and through some
clever piloting reached the wire a neck
before Caronal. Willie See finished
third with Ulovaho.
Bell, on Aunt Polly, an 8 to 1 shot,
threw the fifth race away. Eighty
ysrds from home he looked all over a
winner, but left an opening next thu
rail. Jack Martin slipped in there with
Mccorito ar.d won by a length. The
favorite, Puss in Boots, backed from
2Vj to evens, seemingly tired the latter
part of the journey, finishing in the
fhow.
CAPTAIN rORSEi: A WINNER.
Unfortunately, Willie See, the, elon
pated rider from Southern California.
is RfRicted at times with cramps of the
stomach. due to reducing in. Weight.
Willie rode Captain Forsee sn a race
last Saturday ar.d he must have been
seized with a severe attack of cramp
ittis, for the Captain failed to even
show. Chandler rode the Captain in
the two-ye.ar-o!d run yesterday and
after waiting on Otto Sti'fe!, the 1 to 2
favorite, for two-thirds of the route.
fret in ar.d beat the Schreiber colt a
neck in clever fashion.* Atlar.tico. a
EOtol shot, from the Bald win- stable,
ran 2. rood third.
The Mil!ex. with Hilderbrand in the
saddle and 8 to 5 in the betting realm.
next fell by the wayside... There are
no aDo!osies to make for his Tailure.
He led all the way and in 'a-' driving
Bnlzb lost by a head to Marejio, an 8
to 1 shot piloted by Lee Jacks'crn. Tom
Slayin ran third, four, lengths away.
Something like a plunee' was made
on Solon to win the mile and fifty yards
fixture, also decided under selling con
ditions.
BUMPING MATCH AT THE TURN*.
plishments.
Sterling Towers, a 2 to 1 choice, with
Hi'debrand in the saddle, captured the
first selection, a t=ix and a half furlong
sprint. Th^.mare parted company with
her field at the, start and won all the
way. UUruda/ the second cho-ice. ran
secord throughout, beating the tardy
Schwarswald for nlace honors.
It seemed five favorites at least
might go through at Oakland yester
day, but one can't go much On looks
these days. Instead five heavily played
or.es were buried under an avalanche
of 3. 4. 8 and 10 to 1 shots.
V»*hS!e it was not a prosperous after
noon for the general public, the ring
did not escape entirely, for Captain
Forsee. Ignacio and Cambaceres were
not altogether neslected by their fc-!
lowerp. The track was fast enough for
record breaking, but the class of horses
Ktartins did not permit of such accom-
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Claims on Players Mast Be
Waived Before They Will Be
Permitted to Sign Again
MAY) CHOOSE JACK WELCH
"I shall enter the ring Friday night
at about 180 pounds. I am nearly down
to that weight now and I have not
begun to dry out yet. What I want to
do is to beat Ferguson and then get a
chance at 'Jeff.' "
. Ferguson also thinks he thinks he
•would like a go with Jeffries. If he
disposes of Johnson, which people who
have seen the latter box think out of
the question, he will be in "'line to act as
an animated punching-bag for' the
champion. ¦**'.' t?-.;^"'-*
"I am In grand shape now and if I
lose I will have no excuse to offer. My
hands are In perfect condition and
when I meet Ferguson I expect to win.
I don't mean to say I think I have a
'cinch, 1 for this man Is just a little bet
ter than the people out here give him
credit^ for. I fought him In the East
and I know he Is a game fighter and
has a dangerous punch. Mark what I
say, he will put up a good fight, but I
expect to win. I think I shall get him
in from twelve to sixteen rounds.
Jack Johnson, the colored heavy
weight champion, who is training at
Link Dennis' gymnasium in West Oak
land for his fight with Sandy Ferguson
at the Colma Club to-morrow night,
has finished his hard work. From now
on he will do just enough road' work
and '"shadow boxing" to keep himself
on edge and his breathing apparatus
in condition.
S Whfle Johnson is confident he will
defeat Ferguson, he is not underrating
the husky JBostonian, and is taking no
chance'of being on the losing side. He
will be in the best possible condition
for the fight'. The big colored fighter
did his last work with the bag yester
day, as he does not intend to take any
chance of injuring his hands. When
asked about his condition Johnson said:
With these two heavyweights fight
ing in a twenty-foot ring, four feet in
side the Queensberry standard,' it will
require a husky man like Welch to
cope with them. Unlike (he Britt-Ca
nole fight, this is announced as a twen
ty-round affair. The referee can order
additional rounds if necessary to decide
a winner. i
Representatives of Jack Johnson
and Sandy Ferguson' will meet to-night
at 8' o'clock to select a referee t or their
bout to-morrow night before the Colma
Athletic Club. Indications point to
Jack Welch as the man who will be
chosen. . ¦ . • . ¦•
Big Men Will Disport for
Twenty Rounds in a Ring
Four Feet Under Standard
EXHIBITION GAMES BARRED
At Odds of 12 to 1, Captain* Forsee Defeats Otto Stifel.
Ignacio Wins a Lucky, Race— Mocorito Captures a Purse
Which Belongs to Aunt Polly— Cambaceres in Front
Representatives of Ferguson
and . Johnson Meet To-Night
to Decide on' an Umpire
National League' 3[agnates De
cide on New Schedule and
Make Important Changes
Highest \ Glass Field Ever Brought Together
in Amerfta Will Start oh Saturday at
Union Park in the John Grace Stake
WILL SELECT
THE REFEREE
FIVE PUBLIC CHOICES LAID AWAY
UNDER MOST INTERESTING AUSPICES
SEASON WILL
BE PROLONGED
CRACK GREYHOUNDS OF THE EAST
ARE ENTERED IN RICH CUP EVENT
RACETRACK HAPPENINGS AND NEWS OF THE RING AND COURSING FIELD
THEyVSAN: FRANCISCO; C^
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.
Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the living skin.
Pears 1 is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the v
world.
Sold all over the world.
BEATTHE BOOKMAKERS
scrxzmrzo hastdxcafpxxg
VTXIiIi WIN . 3X75,12.
\l> w!!I (urntsh you our specials on San
Races- cither \ry rnmser.ifer or wtre.
Tr-rro*: 50c dally: weekly, $2 50.
CorrmisfJMiF also bandied on cut-of-town
bieinete for 10 s>er cent commfB«lon.-
Our clients ;x>6ted by noon nn which horses
itieir coaimlssions are played (by mail).
A ZTSAT WE!»*'.Y IKCOME .
osr a saiAzad zxtvxstsixnt.
Ojrmisylcn» :>lac«»d at racetrack.
II: mil flirert to
W. E. TRIMBLE & CO.
Turf CcmmlFtioncrs.
759 UABZET S7EE2T. H003IS 15-16.
Opyoelte 1'hcian Bull Jin-, £an ' Kranctasu, Cal.
\ • - ' ADVERTISEMENTS. • ; : f s - C •
'¦*'"'' '¦¦¦ - - ' ' - ~ • v ,''*j.'"\
fjjg |j es |. k nowa anj most popular blood purifier
(jSY^PpgjS^ and tonic. on. the market. to-day is S. S. S: : ; ;.'•>¦
,^j^^c\^f There is hardly a man, woman or child in America xrho
has not heard of *'Sm S* S* for the hJood." It is a standard remedy,
a specific for all;blood 'troubles and unequalled as a general tonic and
appetizer. /Si S. S. is' guaranteed purely vegetable, .the herbs and roots
of which: it -is composed are selected for tHeic. alterative and tonic prop-
erties, making it the ideal remedy for beM
all'blood and skin diseases, as it not • FKOM
only purifies, enriches and invigof- CONGBESSJIAN LTVlirGSTON,
ates the blood, but at the same time . . o:? GEORGIA.
\~~~r. ,.~ ?!,« t,"«i1 not-iroQ n«r1 friv#»« I knOW Of th« BUCCe33fnl US© Of
tones up the tired nerves ana gi\es s. s. s. in many cases, it is tieb«»t
strength and vigor to the entire blood remedy on the market.*
system. : . . - /•
For Chronic Sores : and . Ulcers, n:oM
«!2atarrli; Rheumatism, Blood Poison, EX-GOV. AT.T.r.lT d. CANDIiEE;
Psoriasis, Salt Rheum, Tetter, : Acne overused. x .
and such other diseases as are due to a Bnpfippl *¦- •
"polluted or impoverished condition of the blood, nothing acts so promptly
and effectually as S. S. S. It counteracts and eradicates tb; germs
and poisons ; cleanses the system of all unhealthy accumulations and
soon restores the patient to health. ' .Write tts : and our -physfcians • will
give your case prompt attention without charge. •<'¦*
, THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, OR*• In defense of his conduct the defen
dant said he wanted to get a certificate
of good character and competency from
the proprietor of the establishment and
inability to obtain it provoked him to
commit the deeds complained- of. :
"Is that; the f way, -they "do things in
Brooklyn,' New, York?" inquired* ' th«.
court, ;¦ addressing the "defendant. "12
it is, you should have forgotten it when
you ventured into ! this J wild and wboliy
West of ours. - T I think your conduct
was abominable, 'and your bail of .; $20
is raised , to $50/: pending, your appear-
D. A. Phillips, who said he came from
Brooklyn,- N.Y., was before Judge Mo
gan on a charge of annoying the at
taches of a Market street- boot and
shoe store from which he had been dis
missed because there was no further
need of his services. Two witnesses
testified that he devoted an entire aft
ernoon to hanging around the store
and pestering them, one of his acts of
annoyance being 'to pluck spectacles
from the noses of clerks who ( were com
pelled; to' wear those aids to vision,', and
so far did he go in this extraordinary
means of persecution that one , of his
victims had an apoplectic fit, from the
effects of which he has not yet com
pletely recovered./
For not having a weeping wife and
two children, George Menoni, an Ital
ian, accused of having iottery tickets in
his possession, was fined $5' yesterday
by Judge Mogan.
When the case was called one of the
court attaches whispered to the bench
that the defendant's wife and twp young
children were in the corridor, weeping
piteously over the prospect of - being
deprived .of the company and support
of their natural protector. "Ah," said
the kind-hearted Judge, "I'm sorry, to
hear that. But we may restore thp
man to his helpmeet and little ones.
He has been in Jail all night, anyway,
and his offense is really trifling."
Thus prepared to temper justice with
mercy, the court requested the 1 Italian
interpreter to. have the woman and
children brought in. the evident inten
tion being to have them witness the
dismissal of the husband and father.
But no woman and/children could be
found, and then the court turned to the
defendant and asked where 'his family
had gone. An indignant denial that he
ever !iad or ever proposed to have such
an encumbrance as a wife, to say noth
ing of two. children, Waj'the man's ex-;
cited response. ,;An"d so .emphatically
1 reiterative did his disclaimer become
that the Judge^ fined him $5 in sheer
! self-defensei
Marcuse was a man of means and
enviable social and business standing,
when he purchased the Baltimore
House, at Dupont an«l Bush streets,
then and now^famed as a resort o£
opium .smokers. Association with
"dope fiends" led to his gradual enroll
ment in their ranks, and once he was
fairly installed his downfall was rapid.
Now he is a penniless vagrant.
Charles Marcuse. of good family and
excellent Intellectual attainments when
his brain is not saturated with the
fumes of the poppy, was sentenced' to
six months' imprisonment by Judge
Mogan at request of some of his well
wishing relatives. Having obscene pic
tures in his possession was the charge
against him, but the severity of his
sentence was really prompted by a de
sire to place him where he cannot in
dulge his penchant for opium smoking!
The Board of Bank Commissioners
received application yesterday for a
license for the establishment of the
United Banking and Trust Company
at 236 Bush street, this city. The new
institution has a subscribed capital of
$50,000, of which $30,000 «has already
been paid in.
Want License for Xew Bank.
J. K. Murakam, an Armenian, was
before Judge Mogan on a charge of
peddling chestnuts without a license,
a.nd pleaded his own defense with an
earnestness and wholesale quotation of
familiar legal phrases that impelled
the court to beg him to desist from the
mouthing of chestnuts. Then the de
fendant promised to equip himself with
the document necessary to the legal
selling of wares upon the streets and
the court dismissed him.
. George H. Buttle was driving, a pair
of spirited young horses on Market
street, opposite the Palace Hotel, last
Monday afternoon, when the team
crashed Into the rear of an automobile
of which Charles F. Tammany was the
sole occupant and necessarily the
helmsman. Then, as the evidence
heard yesterday by Judge Cabaniss
went to show, Mr. Tammany leaped
from his machine and grasped the
bridle of one of Mr. Buttle's horses,
whereupon Mr. Buttle struck Mr. Tam
many on the head with a whip. A
charge of battery was entered against
Mr. Buttle by .the^arresting policeman,
but Mr. Tammany and a special
pleader appeared In court and de
manded (hat an additional charge of
malicious mischief be filed against the
defendant, inasmuch as his horses, had
smashed the rear panel of the auto.
' Judge Cabaniss declined \to enter
tain the malicious mischief proposi
tion, and opined that carlessness was
the worst offense that " could reason
ably be charged against Buttle, who
apparently was unable to control his
horses when they smashed the choo
choo car. The charge of battery was
also pronounced not well made, as
Tammany had no right to arrest
Buttle, or to grab his horse's bridle
with that purpose, because it had not
been made " clear to Tammany that
Buttle had committed an offense jus
tifying his arrest.
In dismissing the case, the Judge
said that the conflicting rights of auto
mobolists and drivers of horses were
becoming more evident daily, and it
was the delicate duty of the court to
bar discrimination in its rulings' on
such disputes. "The autpmobillst . has
unquestionably come to stay," said the
Judge, "and in this court he will find
protection from imposition from ' per
sons who may harbor foolish preju
dices against the horseless carriage. At
the- same time, the driver of the time
honored beast of burden will get jus
tice, no more and no less, when he
comes before this court, either as com
plainant or defendant, in a case of
conflict with the driver of an automo
bile."
.In the inquest yesterday on the body
of Charles J. Tedford, a real estate
broker, who was killed near the inter
section of Sixth and Mission streets by
a streetcar on November 24, the jury
exonerated Motorman C. X v . Arnold
from all blame.
Motormnn Arnold Xot Blamed.
There promises to be a contest for
the. right to administer upon the es
tate of Moses G. Cobb, the attorney,
who died November 3. Two weeks
ago Cobb's will, a holographic docu
ment, made last May, was filed for
probate. By that will his $15,000 es
tate was bequeathed to Mrs. Rose A.
Barry, a widow, who cared for the at
torney during his last and several pre
vious illnesses. Attorney A. Ruef was
named as executor. Yesterday a cod
icil <o the will, dated July 20, was
filed by Mrs. Barry, and .with it was
filed a petition by her to be appointed
administratrix of the estate. The cod
icil revoked the appointment of Ruef
rind named A. Compte Jr. as executor.
Compte declines to act, hence Mrs.
Barry's petition.
Files Codicil to Cobb's Will.
The public is invited to make the
entertainment a success, considering
its worthy purpose. Last year $2000
was used in making children and the
poor happy and thia_>'ear twice that
amount is expected.
The committee of arrangements
consists of: A. G. Hagedorn (chair
man), D. B. Faktor (treasurer), P. J.
Weniger. E. L- Wagner, T. Lunstedt,
R. H. Stafford, Thomas H. Lindsay, H.
M. Meyers, William Clack (secretary).
The annual benefit of the Califor
nia Liquor Dealers' Association will be
given at the Grand Opera-house on
Thurrday evening, December 17. J.
H. Stoddard will appear with a strong
company in "The Bonny Brier Bush"
and the entertainment will be of a
high order. The proceeds of the
benefit wil be donated to charity. Last
year the liquor dealers decided to dis
tontinue the custom of giving away
bottles of liquor during Christmas and
to contribute the money that such
would cost to the various orphan
asvlums and charitable institutions.
I»rocceds of Kntertafnnient to Be Do
nated to Cliil'.'rcii and Poor
of the City;'
FIRST TlIEATMt PARTY
OF THE IJQUOK DEALERS
Frank Burke, for attempted burglary
of David James Baker's saloon, 602
Sixth street, was held by. Judge Fritz
to answer In the Superior Court, with
bail fixed at $1000.
Judge Murasky decided yesterday
that the Police Judges who issued
warrants for the .arrest of Carl W.
von Tiedemann, Lugui Gardlni and
George W. Herbein for practicing
medicine without a license acted
within their authority. He refused to
grant the prayer of the accused ones
for a writ of prohibition preventing
the Police Judges from proceeding
further with the cases. Judge Muras
ky rendered a similar decision once
before. .
Sustains the Police Judges.
Lorenzo Guintini, a farmer, residing
in Stockton, Jfiled a petition in insol
vency yesterday in the United States
District Court. He owes $1075 and
has no assets.
ance here to-morrow ' for sentence."
Insolvent Farmer.
"Well, George," said the Judge, "I'll
enlighten you as to what is going to
happen now. I'm going to dismiss the
charge of assault and battery which I
find here recorded against you, and on
the charge'ef carrying a deadly weapon
I'm going to give you a hearing to
morrow morning."
"Ah doan admiah de adeah of packin'
a gun," said the defendant to the court,
"but on de 'casion complained of Ah
thought it would be safe company, as
Ah didn't know -what. was a-gwine ter
happen."
George S. King, colored, told Judge
Mogan, that he. had acquired the pistol
carrying habit while he -was chasing
Morosin the. Philippines,, and became
so addicted to it .that in civilian life
he could not abandon it. .
Henry A. W. Clay, also colored, was
the complaining witness against Vet
eran King. It was adduced by Mr. Clay
that while he was a-walking the other
evening and "not intahfeahing wif no
body," he was met by Mr. King, who
cordially* suggested that they spend the
evening together at the residence of
Mr. Lampkins, likewise colored. Un
suspecting of treachery, Mr. Clay ac
companied Mr. King until they arrived
at an unfrequented spot somewhere on
Pacific Heights, where Mr. King sud
denly pulled out' a large pistol and,
presenting it at the head of the aston
ished Mr. Clay, demanded if that gen
tleman had uttered remarks derogatory
to the character of Miss Lillian Lamp T
kin, the daughter of the house to which
they were proceeding. As might have
been expected under the circumstances,
Mr. Clay pleaded not guilty, and suc
ceeded in appeasing the warlike spirit
of Mr. King sufficiently to have the
threatened shooting deferred until fur
ther inquiry could be made by that
gentleman as to the truth of Mr. Clay's
denial. So the twain resumed J their
journey Lampklnward until Mr. Clay
found opportunity to abandon his com
panion without dancer of being pur
sued and shot— an opportunity which
was embraced as soon as presented.
Then Mr. Clay told his story to a po
liceman, who arrested Mr. King and
found concealed on his person a large
and fully loaded revolver.
: "A^lady | after. President Roosevelt's
own heart," was the court's comment
.The specific complaint of Mrs-. Flanni
gan, however, was that while, on her
way home from attending a wake she
overhQard Mrs. Hansen speak in dis
paragement of the worth of Mrs. Pe
ters,, and that when Mrs.. Flannigan
protested and attempted to defend her
daughter's character she was made the
recipient of a tirade of, abuse from the
defendant.
After hearing the narratives of Mrs.
Flannigan and others. Judge Cabaniss
told Mrs. Hansen that there was one
of three courses open to her — live at
peace with her neighbors, leave Decatur
street or go to prison. Then he gave
her a day in which to decide which of
the three courses she should follow.
Incidental to the hearing of Mrs.
Flanhigan's testimony it was learned
that eleven children have been born to
that matron and that ten of them are
alive.
Mrs. Isabella Hansen was the defend
ant on a charge of disturbing the peace
of Decatur street in general and Mrs.
Mamie Peters' tranquillity of mind in
particular.. Mrs. Flannigan, who is
Mrs. Peters' mother-in-law, was . wit
ness in chief for the prosecution and
her testimony depicted Mrs. Hansen as
a person who would be a disturbing
quantity in any well regulated neigh-,
borhood. Indeed, Mrs. Flannigan went
so far as to opine that if Mrs. Hansen
were sequestered on a coral island in
mid-Pacific she would manage to make
her environment lively.
Josephine Winship, convicted of hav
ing stolen $40 from William Duffey,
was fined $30, with the alternative of
fifteen days' imprisonment, yesterday
by Judge Cabaniss. Miss Briggs, an
agent of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children, appeared in
court and requested that the organiza
tion represented by her be authorized
to take permanent charge of the de
fendant's four-year-old daughter, as
the woman did not seem to be qualified
to rear <the child properly. The appli
cation was taken. under consideration,
arid in the meantime the little one will
remain in Miss Briggs' custody.
(Finis,)
Chapter IV— iO'Techaiv a Japanese,
was called to the stand, and under
oath declared he was the person who
shot Miss Vaughan's canine treasure.
(Sensation in'court.) £
"He says he did It accidentally," add
ed the interpreter. (Sensation subsides.)
"How on earth." inquired the Judge,
"could he accidentally 1 shoot a small
dog on the ground while he was aim-
Ing at a target on a line with his shoul
der? What sort of a shot is he, any
way?"
"He says," replied the interpreter,
"that, he is a good shot,' but just as
he pulled the trigger the dog leaped
hlgjrin the air and stopped the bullet."
"Pretty story that if- the dog were a
retriever," said the Judge, "but as the"
animal in question was a spaniel I'm
inclined to disbelieve the witness."
Korni was ajrain asked if he would
pay $20 to Miss Vaughan for withdraw
al of" .the prosecution, and again he
sturdily^ refused.
"Forty dollars or forty, days," pre
scribed'the court..- ' v > ._.;;,
Komi went to jail. • "
"I was also to'.d that the masters and Jour
neymen would not allow McCarty to do busl
r.ess unless- he conformed to the agreement,
and they mado th* threat that when they got
through with McCarty he would not have any
business to. perform.
The committee told me that the union men
and the masters had three causes of grievance
against McCarty. The first was that he had
solicited trade and the second that he owed
money to a brother Journeyman and refused
to pay. They charged as a third cause that
McCarty had violated his agreement not to
Interfere wttfj a widow of a union horseehocr
who was endeavoring to conduct the- shop left
her by her husband and had shod a horse
of one of her customers at a cheaper rate than
that set by the association and the union.
| George P. Benham, president of the
\ San Francisco Labor Council, who at
the time of the trouble between the
'Master and Journeymen Horaeshoers
and J. II. McCarty was president of
the executive, committee of the coun
cil, was the principal Witness yester
'day in the trial of the suit for damages
brought by McCarty against the mas
ters and the journeymen. His testi
mony was important In that it con
tained an admission that the Labor
Council had refused to indorse the
boycott against McCarty and that sev
eral of the masters and journeymen
had admitted to him that their, organ
izations were going to drive McCarty
out of business. ,
• Benham's testimony .was not admit
ted without strenuous opposition by the
attorneys for the defendants. Most of
their objections were overruled. Re
duced to a connected tale, the evidence
of Benham is -as follows:
During the trouble of the hors<?*taoers t - the
masters and McCarty, I, as president of the
executive committee of the San Francisco
Labor Council, was waited upon by a com
mittee from the union and tne niuBters' as
sociation. They solicited from the Labor
Council an Indorsement of the boycott on Mc-
Carty. The Indorsement was refused and th«
Journeymen were advised by the council not
to assist the masters in their tight asratnst
McCarty. They persisted, however, and told
mo that they were compelled to aid their em- ;
ployers under an agreement existing between
their union end the masters. Tom Parker. J
one of the committee and a member of the
union, told me such an agreement existed. I
was also told by one. of the commltteemen,
also by a Journeyman, that notwithstanding
the' refusal of the council to take a hand in
the row the fight against McCarty would be
continued. .' .
The petition of H. W. Jordan that the
sidewalks on Clement street from
Tenth to Fifteenth avenues be reduced
to fifteen feet w»s referred to the City
Engineer for a report. .
The board will pass a demand to-day
for $27,287 34 In favor of the Barber As
phalt Company, which has completed
the renaving of Third street from Mis
sion to Berry.
The contract for the macadamizing
of the westerly side of Buena Vista
avenue, between Haight and Waller
streets, was awarded to Francis N.
Rodgers for $561 62.
The board approved the map confirm
ing and establishing the! extent and
boundaries of the district benefited 'and
to be assessed for the grade changes on
Fifteenth; Sixteenth.. Seventeenth,
Eighteenth, Nineteenth, ¦ Twentieth
and Twenty-first avenues.
Action on the resolution to change
the grades on Parnassus avenue, J
street and Fourth avenue in the Byfield
Tract was postponed for two weeks at
the request of the attorneys for the Su
tro estate, which has protested against
the improvement on the ground that
it would, make the property of the es
tate difficult of access and . greatly
damage the residence value. A protest
against the change of grades was also
filed by the Regents of the University
of California on the ground that it is
undesirable and unnecessary, so far as
the best interests of the Affiliated Col
leges grounds are concerned.
City Engineer Grunsky submitted a
report on the cost of necessary repairs
to Market street between Second and
Sixth, which he estimated at $800, and
from Sixth street to Van Ness avenue,
ajt $300- Grunsky says the only method
that can be undertaken is to patch up
the breaks, regardless of the uneven
ness of the foundation, which has been
caused by the numerous trenches, and
raid repairs should be undertaken at as
early. a date as possible.
There was filed with the board the
approval by the War Department of
the location and plans for a bridge
over Channel street at Third and Ken
tucky streets.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
approved the map relating to the dedi
cation of Devisadero street, between
Fourteenth street and Duboce ave
nue. The land necessary for the open
ing of the street, a strip forty-eight feet
wid>2 and 560 feet long, was granted by
the Realty Improvement. Company for
the purpose. In recommending the
dedication of the street to the Board
of Supervisors, the Board of Works de
cided to Ignore the charter provision
that no street shall be opened up if its
distance from the "nearest parallel
p^reet is less than 200 feet. In this case
Devisadero street will be 180 feet dis
tant from Castro street, but the board
holds that it will be to the public in
terest to o^en Devisaderor street.
The board granted a permit to cer
tain property owners" for the construc
tion'of a safety station on Market
and Ellis streets,, with 'the provision
that it be sixty -feet long instead of
fcrty-eipl't feet, as sho'.vn In the plan
sul'initt?d. . . * :v*- '.'¦. '
The defense attempted to show that
neither Sullivan nor Powell fired the
shots that ended Sample's life and an
attack was made upon the character
and reputation of the murdered officer.
Sullivan was called to the stand and
testified that they had 'no words nor
trouble cf any kind with Sample at
First and Folsom streets and when he
advised them to go home they walked
quickly away in the direction of Second
street. When they had covered thre*»
fourths of the block, he said, Sample,
without warning,. struck Powell on the
head with his club from behind. Pow
ell grappled with him and Sample again
struck him with the club and said to
Sullivan, using a filthy expression,
that he would get him, too.
"I wrested the club from him," con
tinued Sullivan, "and threw it to the
ground. Then I hit him twice and he
fell. I saw three or four men running
toward us and I told Powell to run.
We had gone forty or fifty feet, when I
heard two shots fired in quick succes
sion. We slowed down, as we thought
the cops might be shooting at us, and
were standing when Policemen Clark
and Xobmann arrested us. I never
said to Officer Clark that Powell had
done the shooting. I did not hear Sam
ple say that I had shot him."
During ¦> Assistant Attorney Ferral's
cross-examination of Sullivan, Ferral
protested that Attorney Coghlan for
the defense was coaching the witness.
Coghland said: "I was not coaching
the witness, and let me say that Juige
Ferral's conduct of this case from the
beginning has been outrageous," to
which Ferral retorted, "If my conduct
has been outrageous my friend's has
been ridiculous."
Charles Sullivan, who is charged,
with Jchn H. Powell, with the murder
of Special Policeman Robert A. Sample
on Folsom street, between First and
Second, early on the morning: of Au
gust 11, will soon know his fate. All
the last of the evidence was taken yes
terday afternoon an<J the arguments of
counsel to the jury were* commenced
and will be concluded this morning in
Judge Lawlor's court.
Arguments of Counsel Will Be
Finished This Morning" and
Case Will Go to the Jury
Bcnham Says * He Was Told
Masters and Journeymen
Agreed to Carry on Fight
the other for pilfering gold pens from
the store of H. S. Crocker & Co.
The notorious "Jack" Evans was or
dered into custody yesterday by ."Judge
Fritz pending investigation of the con
stitutionality , of the law under which
he is being prosecuted by Mrs.Lovinia
'Raemsch, who alleges that he sold per
sonal property on which she held a
chattel mortgage. The woman man
ages an apartment-house .over the
saloon owned by Evans at 131 Taylor
street, and her complaint is a develop
ment" of the trouble which has existed
for some time between him and his for
mer mistress and her mother. Evans
has been in the courts • on various
charges of assaulting women.
Synopsis of preceding chapters: Chap
ter I — Miss Grace Vaughan's pet span
iel recklessly enters a Grant-avenue
shooting gallery and dawdles between
the butts and the targets until it Is
fatally pierced by a bullet from the rifle
of a Japanese marksman. K. Komi ar
rested for crime. Chapter II — In Judge
Mohan's court two Caucasian witnesses
swear positively that Komi fired the
fatal shot, while three Asiatics assever
ate that lie was not among those pres
ent when the shot was fired. Case con
tinued three days. Chapter III — Miss
Vaughan. appears in court and sobblngly
says she is willing to take $20 of Komi's
money. . to withdraw the *¦ prosecution.
Komi declines to settle on that basis.
Case continued till yesterday at request
;<*f defendant's attorney, who says he has
important witnesses to introduce. ?-
BOYCOTT NOT INDORSED
WILL SOON KNOW FATE
The petition of the pupils . of the
Polytechnic Kigh School that Mrs.
Irene D. Kteves be reinstated in her
position* as teacher in the department
was on file.
lamer B. McSherhy, Tr.sreclor of
School Buildings, .whose dismissal has
hcen crdered by the Board of Educa
tion, owing to lack of funfis, filed a
report yesterday with the Board of
Works to the effect that .ihere are
seventy-five school buildings which re
quire more or less repairs. McSheehy
states that the roofs of the Cooper.
Columbia, Garfield, Girls' High, James
Lick Annex, John Swett, Lincoln,
Marshall, Mission High, Pacific
Hefghts and Whittier schools are leak
ing: and require immediate attention.
There are 167 requisitions fcr various
repairs on file, and a new plumbing
system is only partly installed in the
Xoe Valley School.
The report was filed to show that
there is need of an inspector of build
ings in the* School Department. The
Board of Works, which employs Mc-
Shechy, has thus far failed to comply
"with the order of the Board of Edu
cation, and desires to retain him on
that account and because he is a civil
service employe. It would prefer to
dispense with the services of Assist
ant Inspector Connolly, whom the
Board of Education would return, be
cause he is a bookkeeper and can keep
the accounts.
The Board of Education, at its meet
ing yesterday, notified the Board of
Works that the salary of James B.
McSheehy, as Inspector of School
BuUdings, would not be approved after
December 2.
The grammar school certificate ' of
Mrs. Angie McManus was renewed by
the board, and a permanent grammar
school certificate was granted to Mrs.
Jennie Erkson.
Leave of absence was granted to
Miss Annette Murphy.
The petition of the Excelsior Im
provement Club, that an additional
portable Fchoo! building be placed on
the !ot of the Monroe Primary School
and an eighth grade class be installed
therein, was taken under adviseme'nt.
Similar action was taken with the pe
tition of the Excelsior Homestead
Progressive Association that a night
school be established at the Monroe
School.
rafec!6icr Improvement Club
rctiiioiis for 3iore Classes
in i the V Monroe. Primary
<LASIt OVER A DISMISSAL
Inspector >FcShcehy Reports
That Seventy-Five Buildings
Demand Immediate Attention
Charles Sullivan Testifies in
\ His Owii. Behalf in trial for
Alleged 31urder of R. Sample
• __ «
Sutro Estate and University
Regents Are Opposed to Grade
Changes in the Byfield Tract
Board of Works Approves Dedi
cation of Devisadcro Street
From Fourteenth to l)uboce
SAFETY STATION PERMIT
Court Disbelieves Japanese Who Swore
Canine's High Leap Stopped a- Bullet
and Led to the Animal-s -Taking Off
President of Council Testifies
• in. His Favor at Trial of
\ the Horseshoer's Damage Suit
WILL EXTEND
THOROUGHFARE
LABOR LEADER
AIDS M'CARTY
SCHOOLS NEED
MANY REPAIRS
DENIES FIRING
FATAL SHOTS
CONFESSION OF DOG SHOOTING
STARTLES THE COURT OF MOGAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 10; 1903.
Judge Cohlan held Edwin V; Weth
erill on two charges of burglary, ones
for stealing Je-vyelry j from * ttie quarters
of Captain Bennett at' the Presidio arid
11
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ¦ U . J^ J -,-.,^.
STRONG EVIDENCE
FOR THE WEAK.
The human body is a very delicate
V^^^^^JS^gp*^ piece of machinery. It must be treated
W- ?T &r^i^**-\ S^ > \ gently and intelligently when it is be-
ll \ I j^ i\ ginning to break down. Dosing the
«k *\ /is©^7 ~s^'f sensitive stomach with drugs will not
\||uV i\^>* \^& restore strength. Even if the drugs
A^SL* \ nad strength to give, they never
jf|l|jj|p* . ,-fifeT reach the parts that need the strength.
JPtslP^b^r The greatest scientists , and doctors
T&IPe^' 1 ' '// &flv&^ now a cknowlcd $ c that\Ekctricity is
J^^^^^r\jK/^§^^^^' the basis , of vitality. Therefore use
al'-y- I know better than any other man
jm^^f-^C^^^'t^^S^ on earth how to use it in these spe-
• cial trcuDlcs ' because I have had the
&S$M '• I' dSft^ benefit of twenty years of close study
iffis|$ /' /wT* 'WSgZr and actual contact with over 50,000
"*^ cases treated with it. My
Dry McLaughlin's Electi'ic Belt
Will euro to stay cured Nervous Debility, Varlcocelc. "Weakness -of Any
Xia<J, whether ia the Kervcs. 3toaach, Heart, Iiiver or Xidseys, Klieuma-
tit;a, Pzinc in Eaci as:d Ehouiacrs. Sciatica, <&umt)a.ffo. Indigestion, Iff au-
ralsla, Ccnxtipatica, Dyspepsia aafl ?.ll other troubles where new lilo can
rcrtsTO health.' • ' V "'.^>V- ¦'-,
Do yon suffer froa any cl tho tronWes named above? If so, cast
aside all prsiudice arising Jroax t*ie failure of other treatments and glv«
ny Selt a fair trial. See what it has done 'or others and you will know
what it must do for you.
n«in fiv nnnU J i«v* a book which rvery man should read (one . for women
ilCAli ; 4 il ifUUh a!*o>. It tells facu which are of' interest to -every man who
irnou to -crnain yovng ln-^iui|it>- at any.a^p. -. Send ic? this book. to-day if you can't
mil. I itiafl Jt waled, free.. If you call -I will give yon a free test. Remember, my
¦}>H 0of» not -l»urn. thMiKh'you Seel the current and can-r*>eulat«! it. I. warrant it to
cii* a rtir.r.r; curr.nt for yeare,- though no rr.an v.'ho uses it rigbt_ needs tt over three
menths. Cut thi* out and cct to-day. • .
Hf M T Mp7 audhlin °° 6 'market street.
Office Hours— 8. a.' m. to S ji. m. Sundays^lO to 1. . .
SCOTT'S E3IULSI03L
Have you ever tried Scott's
Emulsion ior a thin, weak
child, one backward in growth
and slow in development?
Those who have know the
pleasure of seeing their
delicate child g»ow strong
and become well-developed
under the gentle but effective
influence of Scott's Emulsion.
For the weak growth of the
bones, Scott's Emulsion sup-
plies those powerful tonics,
the hypophosphites. For the
lack of proper healthy flesh
Scott's Emulsion provides the
I nourishing coil liver oil in an
easily digested and palatable
form. Any child that needs
more and better nourishment
— effective nourishment— will
get it in Scott's Emulsion.
There is no other remedy or
food that combines so much
that is necessary in maintain-
i ing good health and right
growth in children.
We'll send you a sample Ire; upon reqUssl
SCOTT & BOWSE, 409 Pearl Street, N T.
I TABHURST I
I \^&c&& BRAND I
|| QBAITER SIZES QUARTER EACH 9
61 CLUEXT. PEABODY A CO. iU
fa Makers of Cltxett and Monarch SbirtSH
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 3
JHUSEUH OF AHATOtlY*
A Cfe 1CS1 H»m Sg. tet fohiTS. 2.T.UL A
j \ fcf Th« Urw« Auiomical MiiKum » rtr \
« i jV-j _ World. Weakunet or any contracted ft
' EBBSCT di »e»»« p««l«l««lr«'WBy the oldest Y
' O /S5»* JpeailiUMUieCoui £u.3»j«an. ©
¦ 6 U^ffd H*. JORCAN-D!SEASES OF (SEN 4
\ »'t$*'O9 Coiwulttiioa fret and srrictly priTite. \
A I 1$N£[ M Triwrneiu periom'iy of by letter. A B
\ N ff Si i? A***** Cttn ia titty cue aadettkkea, T
ifl* | M Write for Bo«k. rBlt.O»OPBY .f a
V • |f \y* aARRIAGK. MAILEO FKXX. ( A J
A o tr *»'u«ble book for mm) \
£ »B- J«»CPAJIAC<^lM13t*rlCf2St 1 .9. F. 9
Always. Remember the Full .N^ne
\ QXElt&VS KrOJilO £j?I3flI33
Cores a Cold ia One Day, Crip ia 2 Days
JS PJlJif caevery
I v2. Sc?j£fymr$j& box, gso
STATEMENT
, OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS \
OB* THE
FRANKLIN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OP
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1001'. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Cede, condensed a« per blank furnished by ta«
Commissioner :
CAPITAL.
Amount of Casual Stock, paid up
to Caah <t0O.0OO 00
ASSETS. ~
Heal Eftate owned by Company... $229,200 GO
Loans en Bonds snd Mortgages. . 101. MS UU
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bond* owned by Company.. 2,471,123 CO
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral . . . IC3.000 OO
Cash In Company's Office 2.758 IS
Cash in Banks 70,165 77
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Leant 579 20
Interest due and accrued, on Bonds
and Mortgages 1, 523 47
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 100.848 37
Total assets .ji.C0S.37S 97
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid (17.CDS 31
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ». 37.»V>» p-j
Losses resisted, including? expenses. 0,923 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning- one ytar or less. (467.731 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 233.SG5 54
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $710.-
078 SC; reinsurance pro rata 38S.U2 13
Amount reclalmable by the insured
en perpetual Fire Insurance Pol-
icies 8S2.603 12
Commissions and Ilrokerage du«
and to become duo '24.3S4 22
Total Liabilities $1,671,315 2»
'¦T'r'' ixroME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $«3.O4S 52
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortsa^es ~. «,SC3 23
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds.- Stocks. Loans and
from all other sourcea 109.223 M'
Received for Rents 7.059 10
Total Ifccome $767.004 60
EXPENDITURES. "~
Net amount psi*l 'or Fire Losses
( Including $47. (XK) 3S. losses of
previous years $C31.7M OX
Dividends to Stockholders SO.CCO CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brok«-ra*e 1U.7S3 23
Paid ror Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clorlts. etc.. 33,634 3o
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes .-- 20.002 31
All other payments and expendl- .
tores 92.344 37
Total Expenditures $722.572 21
Loss** incurred during the year. ¦ . ¦ $3<3.061 79
Risks and Premiums. I Fire. Risks.) Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year - $63,877,097 $826.883 07
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 59.813,472 713,332 75
Net amount in force 4 »
December .11. 10C2. 93.196.ft7a 1.122.825 05
" ! j. w. McAllister. Pwat.
E T. CRESSON. Sect.
Subscribed and' affirmed to before m« this
ICth day cf January. 1&03. '
. SAMUEL H. K1RKPATRICK.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
218 SANSOMB ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT, Manager.
A. H. TiJATHEN. Aast. Manager. .
G. H..CMBSEN & CO.. City Agents, / 20
Montgomery street. .
Weekly Call, $i per Year
ADVEBTISEMENTS. _•_
- '. . -V
§$$^sV Quickly and effectively In all easea of Nervous Headache. S!ck
vJSSSSSS Headache.' Lumbago. Sea-SIcknesa, Car-Sickncs». Irritability.
Periodic, Bearing-down and Ovarian Pains.
IXnnnxnS "I am very grateful that I have found such a perfect remedy
for headache. I had a sunstroke while In the army, and ever
jNnnSSSS aince have suffered greaty from headache and biliousness. The-
' only thin* that over jjave ma any relief Is, Dr. Miles' An«-Paln
SSSXnvcv: Pills, which I have used with satisfactory, results for a number
CCv^S£§c of years."— M. S- BALZ~ARD. 3S CatlmaJAve.. Pasadena. Calif.
s$S\nSSN "I have frequently used Dr. Miles'. AaS- Pain PHls for Neu-
VSSxVsVs ralgia. and.they invariably give speedy rfllef. AlSo in traveling.
sSSSSsw - am never without them to prevent drowsiness and heariacho."—
EM~ SAN'FORD. MgT. Etna Springs. Hotel. Etna Springs. Calif.
. "T-vro years ago I had a severe attack of La Crlppe. and was
under the doctor's care for five days without any relief. Then I
xysS\SS§5 boueht a box of Dr. Miles' Antt-Paln Pilis, and five Pain Pills
cssssssx- w • cured me. A short time ago I had another attack, but thanks
JkSSSSS^s^^l to the Pain Pills ? I was *oon cured, taking only three oX the
BS^VW^hMiiVT Pills."— JOHN N. PUP.TTKMAN. Glendale. Ore.
§S$SS^: Neuralala, Rheumatism, Sciatica. Backache. La Grippe. Pain la
S$S$$N$S: stomach. Ague Pains, Indigestion. Dizziness. Nervousness and
X$<$$$^ -Sleeplessness.". ..
$§SSSS§ "Once, and often twice a week.' for years 1 have had spelta
$$S$S$SS O f dult. heavy., pains across the forehead_ accompanied with
S^$$$$^ pMns In heart, arm and .«houlders. , I find Dr. Miles Anti-Pain
$$$S$$^$ Pills \erv beneficial, one tablet usually being sufficient t© stop
S$$$$$S the pain:-— MRS. LEONA ELDER. Wheatland. Calif.
: §$$$v^$N "I could not get alone without Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pin*.
S$$$C$^: They five me almost Instant relief from almost any pain.
S$$X$$ i l-elve them to all of the children, even the baby, and m» feel
VCsNS^SN no bad en>clK afterwards, as one does from most medicines.
no DB " MRa IRA A £ LEN> 2O8 Indiana Ave.. Riverside. Calif.
§S§§^ .. Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills are sold by all druggists, 25^ cents a
: box -under a positive guarantee .that the flrst Ikjx well benefit
ISo^VfcVN^^^^ 'nr mrrry —«••-"-'« -. ¦
The Genuine Dr. Miles' Remedies are never sold at Cat Prices.TO SAIL.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
ati Fort -Point, entrance' to San Francisco
Bay.- Published by of tidal authority of the
'¦'¦ - Superintendent. '.i»ynni|*MIII'>iili \) '•
NOTE. — The - high and .low waters occur at
the city frcnt (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is .the same at both . places. .
THUnSDAY. DECEMBER 10.; -.
Sun. rises . . . .................. ........... .7:14
¦ Sun sets .'. . . . '. • . V. . .". . •'•'. .'.'.V. :. : : . .» ;;4:51
Moon rises_ 1 . ......._....;... . . .... .0:00 a. m.
O ITime , |Time|. Time Time! ~
»H Ft. 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. -.;
.3 |h w .; ¦:.. |l w|- h w : l"-.w| ,
10 I 4:321 5.4110:18] 2.5| 4:031 4.C!10:l"6 0.6
IV 5:20 -.6.5111:351 2.1|5:27l 4.2tll:20 1.1
121 6:10| 1.6| «:49) 4.11...;. .1|..
|L W ¦ IH Wl -',- }L W| |H W
13 0:21 - 1.61 7:00 5.7l.l:.JS| 1.0; 8:10 M.d
14- 1:16 :i.9 7:C0l . 6.9[ 2:34| 0.4| 0:19| ;. 4,4
15 2:0S ' 2.2| 8:35t:6.0r3:25[ 0.0|10M8|. 4.5
NOTE.— In- the above. exposition, of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the I successive : tides - of the
day In the order. of occurrence as to time; "the
fourth time, column gives the last • tide at .the
day. - except i when . there are but three . tides. . as
sometimes " occurs. r - The. heights • given .are - In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except, when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, i and •• then th« number
given .-, is ¦. subtracted .¦ from the . depth . given . by.
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. '. ¦]
Captain Calhoun Is. Dead.
Captain Calhoun. whone last command was
the barkentlne Archer, died yesterday after a
long lllnecs. Deceased was . one of the best-
Uncvn sallormen on these waters and for many
years held an honored place In the service of
Welch & Co. His ion Is captain of the ship
George Curtis of the Welch fleet.
Aztec Brings Big Cargo.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamship Aztec
arrived yesterday from Tacoma with 0000 tons
of , coal. A few hours after her arrival - she
cleared for another trip to the porthern port.
BirSICAL ORGANIZATION*
PLAXS AN* EXTKRTAIX3IEXT
rwrntlclli Century 3Ii«slonite s Pre-
pare an laaborate Programme
for Their Inaugural Social.
The members of the new musical
organization, the Twentieth Century
Missionites v»ill give their inaugural
entertainment n.ud dance at Mission
Opera Hall on Saturday evening. An
elaborate literary and musical pro
gramme has been arranged for the oc
casion and the event will 'be concluded
with a dance.
The following programme has been
prepared by the committee in charg-e:
Overture, orchestra; recitation' Otto Ry s p
ouet. Mlsji K. Thompson and C. Hilderaley
musical set. Oorge Bralye; dialect recitation'
Nels Bralyc; romlc impersonation. May Pettee'
*o:i«;. Ml»s Maud Pcttec; instrumental trio'
Thomas Hurnptt. F. Kleaeyer and H. Auer
bach; n:.u-iol act. Charles Bloom.
•siumpjdK Suidcljiis
pun sjjti[jniv o» . jsajojuj jo saautijt
Xo charco for lettering your name in
pold <m ]K>ckct books, card cases, cam
eras, traveling pels, dress suit cases or
any othrr flno Irathrr froods purchased
at our store. Sanborn,. Vail & Co. •'.
•x vaDo anx, iio sAiax
The British ehlp Pass of Kl'llcrankle Is char
!nrwt at "7™M rtTOm PuSel fcound t0 .iQU'lue
The French bark Colonel de VilleboU Mareull
¦ Steamer. \ From. ' I Due.
Phcenlx.'. : .'. '. Mendoclno |Dec. 10 •
Iaqua........ Humboldt '. ......IDec. 10
San Pedro... ....... ...|Dec. 10
Pomona...... Humboldt,' IDec. 10
Point Arena . . Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. | Dec. 10
Santa Rosa... Sen Diego & Way, Pts. Dec.10
San Jose.....'. New York, via .Panama. Dec. 10
F. Leggett..;. San ¦ Pedro; .\.. ..... Dec.ll
O..W,; Klder.;} Portia nd,&. Astoria Dec. 11
G. Dollar I Vtntura . ...„., ;.;.-; Dec. 11
Nome City. . . .1 Portland & Astoria. . . . . Dec- 11
Bonlta .... Newport & Way Ports.. I Dec. 12
Doric China & Japan.....'... Dec. 12
San Pedro. ... Grays Harbor. ..... Dec. 12
Centralla....: Grays Harbor... ..Dec. 12
Sequoia. ..... Grays Harbor. . . . . . .... Dec. 12
S. Monica.:.. San Pedro... 1 .;.;.... ... Dec. 1^ '
Kureka: Humboldt '...... .7. . . .. Dec. 13 i
Senator..:.... Puget Sound Ports..... Dec. 13
. Centennial. .': . Seattle &" Tacoma. . . .'. Dec. j:j
Spokane...'..: Humboldt ........:.... Dec. 13
Del Norte....' Crescent City. .... . . '."'.': Dec. 13 !
: Chehatls. . .', . . San' Pedro.". . :.\, . . . . . .. Dec. 14 i
State of Cal.. Ban plego & Way Ports Dec. 14
Serbia . . . .'. . . . Hamburg & Way Ports Dec.' 14
Nevadan..... Honolulu- "..".'... . ..-;t... Dec.'14
Alliance. ..... Portland'* 'Way Ports. Oec. 14
Chlco.... ..... Coquille River... .:..:. Dec. 14
Alam^da..... Honolulu ...•;.;..•.¦..".'.. Dec. 15
Coos Bay.;... San Pedro & Way Ports Dec. 18 i
Ilarracouta... New-York;vIa"Panama. Dec lti
Columbia. . . .. Portland &> Astoria, r. . Dec. 1«
Rival . ... . WlUapa • Harbor. ; . . .... | Dec. 10
Newburg Grays ' Harbor. . . . . .'. s ; . Dec. 17
M orth . Fork "' Humboldt'. ......"...... .|Dec 17
T.mat.lla Puget Sound Ports..;. I Dec. 18
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma |Dec.' 20
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Mit*on -Navigation Company's ' steam
rhip Enterprise, which has been out of commis
sion for some month* undergoing a thorough
ovorhauting, cleared yesterday for Hilo. ¦ Cap
tain Miller. !*?r former commander, resigned n
few days ago and will, later on be succeeded
by Capt»!n Mntttton. For this voyage, however.
Captain Toungren will be In command.
Enterprise Again In Service.
F-ranch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants* Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
December 9,: 190:1.. ; , ,
Th« Time Ball on the, tower of the Ferry
bulldirig was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. e.' at noon of the 120th- meridian, or at' 8
p. m., Greenwich . time. ', . J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant U. t S. N,.;ln charge.
Time Ball.
Steamer. for __1_
Bertha. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.jDec. 10
Dolphin Skatfway & Way Ports. Dec. 14
Al-Kl. Skng%v«y & Way Ports. Dec. 1*.
Santa Ana. . . Coolcs Inlet & Way Pt«. Dec. lb
Valencia Shngway & Way Ports. IDen. la
Wednesday, December 9.' •
Ktmr Artec. RcbinEon, 1 ciays from Tacoma.
Stmr Coos Bay, Ntcolson, C2 hours from San
Prdro, «tc.
Stmr Samoa, Madpen, 16 hours from Cas
par: bound nouth; nut in ¦ to land passengers.
Stmr North J"ork, Nelson, 20 ¦ hours from
Eureka. - • . \ • .. "
Stmr Arcata, Nelson. 55 hrs from Coos -Bay
via Port Orford 47 hrs. " > ¦ • • - •
Schr Ruby, Konh,. C days from Coaullle
River. •¦-..•"..»
Schr Onward, Thomas. C days from Coqullle
River. ¦ ' - - . . > :
Schr Forest Home. Everson,' 42 days from
Hakodate. . -¦ •,
CLEARED. > .
Wednesday." December 9.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. San Diego-
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. -< -
Stmr SiKikane. Jepsfn, Eureka: Pacjflc Coast
Steamship Co. • .'• •
• Stmr Enterprise. = Youngrcn, , .llllo; ' J D
Spreckels .fz. Bni3 Co. • " J . • .'ji--*-j ¦>'.-'...;' -.[¦.
'. Stmr Aztec. Robinson, j Tacoma; Pacific Mall
St*:RmEhlr> ,Co. ¦ - ¦. ;
Ship Marlon Chllcott, Williams,- Honolulu;'
Matson Nav Co. . < • . \- .
I5r 'shlri Tlnto Hill. /Jones, ' Port Townsend-
Hind.. Kolph & Co. . '.. \ '
Br shlo Aeamas,' Nelson, Fremantle; -Demp^
tt»r'4 Son^. ¦ , .' ' ¦ :-¦ ¦
Fr bark, Genrvievw Molincs^, Tattevln, ' Belle
Isle (France); E C Evans. . ...
. SAILED.- ' . ' - :'"¦
Wednesday, December 9. ,
Stmr .Columbia.: Doran, I'ortland and As
toria. " " .'
¦Stmr Samoa. Madwn, San Pedro." ,
Stmr SDokcne, Jeceen, Eureka.
Stmr Enterprise, Youngren. Hllo.
" Ptmr \Ve»tport, . Smith, Westport. '
Stmr. Brunswick. 'Johnson, Fort Bragg. . •
. Br ship Mayfleld. Roberta, Sydney. • ; .
• Br ehlp Tlnto Hall, Jonea,'. Port Townsend. .•
Br ship Ancaios, Fulton.1 Astoria, .-i : ..
Br ship Clan Graham, Mclntyre, Port Town
send. • , . : ' ;/ „
~ Br ship Acamas. .Nelson.- Fremantlel ¦¦ i- : ¦
Kchr Mary.C, ¦ Camobell, • Bodega. - • ' '
*' . Schr Fortuna, . Erlckson, ; Eureka. --'•'-,
Kchr, Defender. - Hflllnssen; .Mahukona. . -
Schr Sal vator, <Oberg.= Astoria. ¦
, SPOKEN.. .
Per pchr. Forest . Home^--Dec 5, . lat ' 39 ' 30 * N. ,
Ion 123 43 W, Br ; ship W M G ¦' H. •» bound
south. jsMtoagafcateBhurtiiii' njJHjjiUi.il
TELEGRAPHIC, v ,"
POINT LOBOS— Dec 9, 10 pm— Weather
Shipping Intelligence.
The British ehlpn Derwent and Beechdale.
both of which havebeen on the overdue list for
some time, were yesterday reported as having
reached their respective ' destinations. The
B?*chdale. quoted at 15 per c»nt, was 114 days
Kolng from Guaymas to Callao and the Der
went. a 10 rxr center, reached Sydney. 134 days
out from Ix>ndon. The other overdue* " are
quoted as follows: Fifeshlre, C5 per cent:
I"aris. 70 per cent: Talca. 25 per cent:,Mlchele
Blanchl. 10 percent: Thalia, -90 per cent, and
1 *a Bruyere. 40 'per cent.
Two Ovcrdues Arrive.
The Oceanic Steamship. Company's liner Ven
tura will sail at 2 o'clock 'to-day for Honolulu
and the Antl&odf*. Shejjill tarry a full cargo
and more then 2M> passeMer*. Among the lat
ter will be a number of noted people, including
Sir Tat ton Sykes. Mme. de.'1-.lchtervelde and
Dr. and Mrs. S. 1. Darrln of New York.
« - —
Ventura Will Be Crowded.
The American ships William P. Frye and
Fupquehanca, which have b»en lying Idle at
this port for' tome months, are both going
from here to Honolulu In ballast to load sugar
fr.r Now York. The Frye. which Is probably
th* finest specimen of sailing vessel in the
world, arrived h«rc Ausrust *-*O and since dis
charging th<? cargo she brought has been hest
ing at Martinez. Captain Murphy, who brought
\hr- ship here, leaves her and Captain Joseph
Sewall. her first commander. Joined her yester
day after fhe had been docked at Fremont
street wharf. The Suyquehanna, another fine
Fpeclmen of the American clipper ship, which
prrivfd Rpptrmber 17, is anchored in Mission
Bay. but will dock In a day or two to load
ballast.
Will Take Su^ar to New York.
Steamer. . • Destination. j I Sails. Pier.
December 10. I
Czarina .. Coos Bay direct..) Pier 8
Arizonan... New York dlr*ct..| Pier 23
Kmpl'e Coos Bay direct. ..| 2pm Pier 13
Eureka Htnnboldt I V amiPler i;j
Arctic... :.. i Humboldt .. ...llpm|Pler 2
S Barbara. Seattle & Olympla.| 4 pm|Pler 2
Ventura... Sydney & Way... 2 pm|Pl«r 7
J Dollar .. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 am Piei 11
December 11.
Arcata..... Coos B.-Pt. Orford. 4 pm Pier 13
Rainier Seattle & W'hatcoml 4 pm|t*ler 10
Coos Bay.." Pan Pedro & Way.i 9 am|Pier il
F Leseett. Humboldt I 2 pm|Pier 2
-December 12. | |
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p|Pler 9
Pt. Arena. Humboldt ........ 4 pm|Pier 2
China. : China & Japan 1 pm|Pler 40
City Para.. N. V. via Panama.. 12 ro|Pler 40
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. |ll am|Pnr U
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor... ... I 4 pm|Pier 20
North Fork Humboldt I B pm|Ph-r 20
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 10
December 13.
Iaqua...... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City.... 1 pm Pier 13
S. Rosa... Han Dlrgo t Way 9 am|Pler li
December 14.
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Chchalls . . Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
G. W. Klder Astcria k Portland. 11 am Pier 2*
December 15.'
Bonlta Newport & Way... 0 am|PI-r 11
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am|Pier 2
Spokane.... Humbcldt .1:30 p|PI-.-r u
Alliance... Kureka & Cook B.|.\ 1 Pier 10
December. 16.
Sequoia Gray* Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
December 17.
Abydos.... Hamburg & Wiy.. 2 pmjPler 1!>
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma.HO am|Pler 2
¦. December 18. | |
Nevadan... Honolulu .........I 2 pm I Pier 23
December 19. | I
Alameda... Honolulu .: - -!U am Pier 7
SanJo«e N. Y. via Panama.112 m Pier 40
Columbia.: Astoria & Ponlpnd.ltl am! Pier Z4
December 30. | "•)>:'¦
Newburg... Grays Harbor. .... -I 4 pm|Pier 10
FROM SEATTI'3
Movements of Steamers.
TO arrive,
I Xelson was a native of Sweden, 28
years old and was a member of the
Bakers' Union. The body was dis
covered at 4:15 o'clock yesterday
morning by Chris Peterson, who occu
pied the adjoining room.
In the bed near his right hand was
a photograph of himself and a young
•woman .and the farewell message had
been written in pencil on her breast.
It is presumed that Nelson's inten
tion at first was to cut his throat with
the razor, but that he changed his
mind and resorted to a Ies3 gory
method of self-destruction.
"Good-by, dearest love," were the
last words written by Charles B. Nel
son, whose dead body was found in his
room at 2724 Twenty-fourth street
yesterday morning. The brief fare
well message was written on the pho
tograph of a young woman standing
side by side with him. In the room
where Nelson's body lay the key of the
gas burner was open and illuminating
gas niled the room. In the crevice at
the bottom of the door Nelson's trous
ers had been stuffed to prevent the gas
from escaping from the room. An
open razor lay on the bureau along
side a dirk knife. On the floor near
the bed was a bottle half full of
whisky.
Yonng Swede IJakcr Writes Fareivell
Message on tbe Photograph of
Ills Sweetheart.
WHISKY AND LOVE
INCITE A SUICIDE
The steamer Curacao, which sailed on Mon
day for Gi:ayman and way ports, carried an as
sorted merchandise cargo consigned to the port
of destination and the principal Mexican ports,
valued at $<«i.'J-l.'J and including the following:
309 bbls flour. 0304 lbs SO pkgs bread, lltiti
pktvi potatoes. 17.10 pkg* fre*h fruits, 178 pkgs
onions. 7500 lbs coffee, 13 pkgs fresh vegetables,
3191 lbs nuts, 1587 lb? 5 pkgs cheese; :'.85 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 1480 lbs codfish. «!500
lbs rice. D47 ck canned goods, 58U lbs 10 pkgs
dried fruit. 1501 lbs sago, 2520 lbs 5 pkgs rftls
ins. 22SO lbs ham and' bacon, 1273 pkgs paste,
86,780 lbs malt, :i€0 lbs lard, VC2 lbs peas and
lentils. 4702 Iba :i cs apices. 147 cs canned sal
mon. 1145 lbs 20 pkgs meals, 2089 lbs tea; S178
gals 22 cs wine, 212 cs 19H gals •whisky,- 11 cs
champagne, 3 cs brandy, ' 20 cs liquors, ',78 en
mineral water, 2174 lbs butter. 40 ctls barley. 2
sks oats. 4C.C82 ft lumber. 5S59 bdls shooks, 147
pkss nails. S cs boots and shoes. 21 pkgs dry
goods. 80 pkgs drugs and sundries, l.tl bdls pa
per. 20 pkgH arms and ammunition, 343 pkgs
paints and olle, 20O pkgs machinery, (i7 pkgs
electrical supplies, 7 bales twine, 1C5 colls rope.
C. bdls cars. 242 pes 9."> bdls Iron, 11 pkgs wagon
material. 15,:{!t2 lbs soda. II ska coal, 132 sks
coke. SO cs axle grease. 100 flasks quicksilver.
84 pes 20 bdls st»el, 11 bales, bags. 6 bale«
skins, 10 os fuse, 7 pkgs bicycles, 2W0 lbs 27
pigs tin. ::'J pigs lead. 32 pkg» sewing ma
chinr*. so 03 roal oil. :?21 boiler tubes 20 bales
oakum. 13C» lbs sulphur, 3088 .lbs rosins 17
l>kgH windmill. 117 bxs candles.
The Curacao's Cargo.
The British ehlp Aeamas was cleared yester
day for Frecman'tle, Australia. • with 892.749 ft
lumber and 20.200 bdls laths, valued at ?39,2S».
Lumber for Australia.
?_
Crude Oil for Honolulu.
The sh'p Marion Chileott.was cleared yester
day fcr Honolulu with 672.000 gallons crude oil
In bulk, valued at J22.400.
was chartered prior to arrival for wheat from
Tacoraa to Europe at 2?s (Id.
The schcon«r Omera loads lumber and mer
chandise here for Santa Rosalia.
AMERICAN SHIP WILLIAM
P. FRYE. WHICH IS AGAIN
IN COMMISSION.
As the British sh!r> Ancaios. towlnz to sea.
was pa«ilns Folsom-street wharf yesterday
aftemocn one of her sailors Jumped over
board. He was picked ut> by a boat sent to
hie rescue from the punbeat Petrel.. The man
ea'd he v.-as being taken to eea against hl»
¦will and- beggred his rescuers to take him
aslior**. Hie story was not credited, however,
and the bluejackets returned him to the sail
ing vessel, where he was received with op<>n
arras by a husky mate, who put the protesting
tar where he would be safe until the vessel got
outFid«» tire head?, where tbe poBslblllty of
CECtpe by swimming would be sllffht.
Deserter Tries to Swim Ashore.
Captain Everson, commander of the
Forest Home, is a son of Wallace Ever
son, president of .the Pacific Surety
Company, and is one of the youngest
captains of deep water vessels holding
an American license.
The voyage ended yesterday was also
a stormy one. Westerly gales which
continued for twenty days kept all
hands on the jump and tested the
stanchness of the Forest Home to the
limit. During a gale encountered No
vember 1 off Hakodate the foresail and
inner and outer jibs were blown away.
The fine, big American schooner For
est Home, Captain Wallace Everson,
arrived yesterday from Hakodate with
1200 tons cf brimstone in her hold. The
last voyage of the Forest Home gave
h,er young commander enough problems
fn seamanship to have stumped many
an older* mariner, but "Young Amer
ica," as Everson is known in the Ori
ent, proved his right to his position t,-f
command and, . although he . never
reached one of the ports for which he
started, brought his vessel home in good
shape and to the satisfaction erf her
owners.
hazy; wind NW, velocity 1C miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec S— Stmr Valencia, for
Skagway. Dec «— Stmr Farallon. for Skag
wny. •
Sailed Dec 0 — Stmr Centennial, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Dec 0 — Stmr George Loomls, hence
Dec "5.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec »— Stmr Robert Dol
lar, hence Dec 5.
Palled Dec 0 — Ptmr Nome City, for San Fran
cUco; stmr George "W. Elder, for San Fran
cisco. . . •
COOS HAY— Arrived Dec 0— Stmr Alliance,
from Astoria; stmr Navarro, from Astoria:
Sailed Dec 0 — Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco. ¦
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived Dec 0— Schr
Willis A Holden, from Lahalna.
TACOMA— -Arrived Dec U— Stmr Edith, hence
Dec S. ¦ • . .
Sailed Dec 0 — Br ship - Chlltonford, for
Queenstown.
rtEDOXDO — Arrived Dec 0 — Bktn' Newsboy,
from Anacortes; schr Taurus, from Gray* Har
bor. ¦ . - f
TATOOSH— Passed in Dec 0— Stmr Uma
tllla, hence Dec 7, for Victoria; schr Alpena,
from Honolulu: schr W H Smith, from San
I'edro, for Port Townsend.
SKAGWAY— Sailed Dec 0— Stmr Dolphin,
for Seattle.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Dec 9— Stmrs
Pulton and Francis H. Leggett, for San Fran
cisco.
POINT RE YEb— Passed Dec 9, 4:50 p. m.—
Fr. bark Nantes, from Newcastle, Eng., for
San Francisco. • ¦ .
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec »— Stmr Ho
mer, for San Francisco; schr Charles R. ' Wll
eon for San Pedro.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 9 — Stmr Redondo,
hence Dec 8. Sailed — Stmr Porffona, for Sun
Francisco; stmr Iaqua, for San Francisco; stmr
Brooklyn, for San Francisco; fttmr San Gabriel,
for San Pedro: schr Otillie Fjord, for IjA Paz.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 0— Schr Ruth E.
Godfrey, from Tacoma; atmr Olympic, from
Fttlrhaven; stmr W. II. KfUKer, from Tacoma;
schr Emma Claudina. from Redondo. Sailed —
Stmr Pasadena, for Eureka: stmr Prentiss, for
San Francisco; etmr W. H. Kruger, for Re
dondo. .:»>,--.• f,
! ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed Dec 9— Stmr Alameda,'
for San Francisco. ,
Arrived Dec » — Jap, stirlr Hongkong Maru.
hence Dec a for China and Japan.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 8— Stmr AUianca,
for Colon. '
• Arrived Dec S— Stmr Yucatan, for Colon.
- DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Dec
8 — Fr bark' Moliere, from Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ALGIERS-rSalled Dec 3— Nor stmr Thyra,
for Manila.
FLUSHING— Sailed Dec C— Br «hlp Dud
hope, for Port Los Angeles.
CORONEL— Sailed Nov 27— Br stmr Cuzco,
for New York.
TSING TAU — Arrived .Dec 8— Schr J H
Lunsman, from Portland, Or.
CALLAO — Sailed Dec S — Ger atmr Mera, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Dec a — Br. ship Beechdale, from
Guaymas.
SYDNEY— Arrived Dec 9— Br ship Derwent,
from London. .
HONGKONG— Sailed Dec 9— Br stmr Coptic,
for San Francisco.
Arrived crior to Dec 8— Br etmr Indrasam
ha, from Portland, Or. -
•AUCKLAND— Arrived Dec 9— Stmr Sonoma,
from San Francisco.- via Honolulu and Pago
Pa3O, for Sydney, NSW. • \ •¦ .v.;:'
OCEAN STEAMERS. ¦
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec' 9— Stmr Galicla,
for 'Marseilles; stmr Arabic, for Liverpool;
etmr -Nor.rdam,. for Rotterdam; stmr United
States, -for Copenhagen. .
Arrived Dec y— Stmr Oceanic, from Liver
pool. . < .. •- ¦¦¦¦-:-/
_¦ BREMEN— Arrived Dec. 9— Stmr Kronprlna
\V ilhelm, from New York.
Sailed Dec !?— Stmr Maine, for New York.
GLASGOW — Arrived Dec U — Stmr Furnessla.
from New York. <
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 9— Stmr Hav
erford,. from Philadelphia., for Liverpool.
. Sallfd Dec 0— Stmr Ultonla, for Boston. "
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Dec 0— Stmr Teutonic,
for New. York. .. ¦ • • •; .•¦*
Willing Workers' Entertainment.
The Willing Workers, the ladies'
auxiliary to the Bush-street Syna
gogue, will give an .entertainment and
dance next Sunday; December . 13,
at . National Guard Armory/. 815
Ellis street. This will be the first of
a series to be given every two rhonths
and the proceeds are to Oe applied
toward lifting the indebtedness In
curred in the purchase of the ceme
tery by the Bush-street Synagogue.
The committee' in charge of the af
fair Is composed of the officers of the
Willing Workers— Mrs. Leon Den
nery, president; Mrs. N. W. Bender,
vice president; Mrs.. Louis Meyer,
treasurer; Mrs. J. Rosenberg, secre
tary, arid Miss Carrie Stern, financial
secretary. '-. "vV-
Pride dies in the heart when love looks
out of the eyes.
ASTORIA, Or.. Dec. 9.— The Italian
bark Cavour, lumber laden, for East
London, South Africa, went ashore on
Peacock Spit last night and is a total
loss. The Cavour was lying In the
lower harbor and about 6 o'clock last
night began dragging her anchor// A
strong, ebb tide was running and an
easterly wind prevailed. Assisted by
the wind and tide the ship drifted rap
idly and all efforts to arrest her prog
ress failed. At 6:45 she struck on Pea
cock Spit and the seas pounded her to
pieces. Her cargo drifted out to sea
arid only the ribs of the ship are now
to be seen.. The members of the crew
were taken off in two boat-loads by
life-savers from Point Adams and con
veyed to this city on the tug Tatoosh.
Captain T. Loflanos of the Cavour,
in speaking of the wreck, said:
"We tried to get to sea Sunday even
ing, but the. rough condition of the bar
prevented, so we returned and anchored
near Sand Point Island. Tuesday even
ing about 6 o'clock we began to drift
toward the breakers, the anchors being
unable to hold the bark against the
swift current and the powerful east
wind. At 6:45 we struck Peacock fcspit
and the ship began to pound. The life
saving crews put out .to our assistance
at ihat time, but owing to the big seas
could not approach near enough to take
off the crew. At 11 o'clock last night,
however, this was done, every man be
ing saved. I alone was hurt, my right
ankle being sprained when the vessel
was pitching its wildest. The vessel
carried 1,036,000 feet of lumber."
The Cavour is owned by Domingo
Loero, by whom she was purchased in
1891. She was built at St. Johns, Nova
Scotia.
The cost of the building is estimated
on the basis of 60 cents per cubic foot.
Among the offices to be in the new
Custom-house building are those of In
ternal Revenue. Revenue Cutter Ser
vice, Lighthouse establishment. Har
bor Fortifications . Engineer, Rivers
and Harbors, Coast- Survey, Special
Agents, Chinese Bureau. Weather Bu
reau, Fish Commission, Livesaving
Service, Steamboat Inspection Service,
custodian's force and storage-room for
mes. ; \\ :•':/: \ .
Plans for:! the new Custom-house
building in San Francisco are required
to be in the hands of the supervising
architect of the Treasury Department
at Washington, D. C, by 2 p. m. of
December 16. The architect who repre
sents the plan selected will be appoint
ed architect of the building, arid will
be required to m^ike ail the drawings
for the work, his compensation to be
5 per cent of the actual cost of ,the
building, ri or $70,000 of the estimated
cost of $1,400,000. The unsuccessful
architects will riot receive anything
for their plans. The following are the
names of the competing archit«3ts, to
gether; with the location of their of
fices: D. W.-Willard, Redlands, Cal.;
A. F. Rosenheim, Los Angeles; Whld
den & Lewis, Portland, Or,: T. R,
Kimball, Omaha; Eames & Young, St.
Louis; Reid "Brothers, Clinton Day,
Bliss & Faville, William Mooser, Shea
6 Shea and. N. J. Tharp, San Fran
cisco; John G. Howard. Berkeley, Cal.
On the completion of the new Post
offlce building in this city, the present
Custom-house will be, demolished and
the new one erected on its site. The
building will be fireproof and five
stories high, occupying all the ground
of the present building, including the
green patch on the eastern side. The
principal front will be od Battery
street, and suitable entrances will be
provided upon the three fronts re
maining. -.".:."••;
Great Good Is Done Sailors
by Kindlv People Who
Maintain Free Quarters
OFFICERS OF MISSION'.
The irstitute. or mission, is one of
these that have been established in
various seaport towns. The aim «>f
the mission is to provide a place for
the sailor so that he can have a home
and not be compelled to look to the
many grog shops and barrooms of the
water front for his amusement.
All of this work is done by contribu
tions from people interested in the
good work. Last night the weekly
concert was held. Captain Steel of
the British chip Simla presided and in
his amusing seaman's style announced
the various selections from the pro
gramme. The boys ably assisted with
songs, recitations and dances, and the
evening flitted away merrily.
The officers of the San Francisco
Mission to Seamen are: President, the
Right Rev. \Y. F. Xichols. D.D.. Bish
op of California; committee — John Met
c:alfe (chairman), "William Babcock,
W- J. Dutton. James Hogg, W. D.
Clark." C. F. Mullins. W. R. Sherwood.
C. D. Haven and A. B. Williamson;
treasurer, James Hogg, 13? Spear
street.
Meals are served to the needy at
Email cost. D'-wnstairs is one of the
neatest Mttlc chapels in ths city. Here
those who care to attend have the
privilege of hearing a good sermon on
a Sunday. In every way imaginable
these good people have made a home,
in the true sense of the word, for the
man who follows the sea.
Every Wednesday night there is a
concert participated in by the sailors.
Bongs, piano solos, recitations and
dancing form the evening's enjoyment.
On other nights the seamen enjoy fenc
ing, boxing end other athletic sports,
even football matches being played i:i
the large concert hall of the mission
by teams from the different ships at
anchor in the harbor.
For the men who. cannot write, let
ters are written. The chaplain banks
the extra money, of the sailor, and in
this way much good hard-earned coin
is saved instead of being "blown in."
Last year the institute banked more
tha" $14,000 for the man before the
. ¦
mast.
Every night and day in the week the
place is thronged with the sailors who,
far from their homes, partake of the
hospitality Fhown them by Chaplain S.
H. Winfield Digby and Rev. R. Mac-
Liebenroorf end wife. There are games
of billiards, pool, ping pong, baths, pa
pers in the different languages, maga
zines of all ports and writing material,
bo that the men of the deep can write
home to met her and the dear ones.
SAIIXm IS BENEFITED.
Down on Steuart /Street, close to the
shipping of the city and in the midst
of the grog shops that abound there,
is a little place where the sailor far
from home can bo and enjoy himself
•withc-ut the aid of firewater. AH are
welcome, no distinction being made as
to a man's color or race by the good
people who control this place — the Sea
men's Institute. The objects of the in
stitute bs set forth in the prospectus
are "to enable men of all nations to
become cood citizens of every king
dom on earth now, in' order to make
them cood citizens of clod's kingdom
cf heaven in the future."
Building Is to Cost More Than
$1,000,000 so That Growing
Trade May Be Accomodated
Ill-Fated Vessel Carried a Big
Cargo of Lumber : Which Is
Now Drifting .Out to Sea
HE v WILL GET A BIG FEE
5IERBY
EESCUEKS SAVE THE CREW
EVENING PASSED
Battles Westerly Gales ior Twenty Days 'and: in One
Blow Loses Number of Sails, but Sustains No Serious
Harm—Brings 1200 Tons of Brimstone From Hakodate
Entertainment, Presided Over
by Captain Steel, Is Held at
Institute on "The Front"
Strong: Ebb Tide Carries Her
on Peacock Spit, Where She
Goes to Pieces During Night
Thej r Are to Be Opened in City
of Washington on December
1 G and an Architect Selected
PLANS OF NEW
CUSTOM-HOUSE
AMERICAN SCHOONER FOREST HOME
FINISHES ANOTHER STORMY VOYAGE
ITALIAN BARK
CAVOUR LOST
SAILORS ENJOY
IN "AT HOME"
TH E S AN FRANCISCO ;;GAL;L, THURSDAY-- :pECEM BER ; ;10. : 1903.
12
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at O :."»<> a. m., throug-h in S days,
with diner and all trapping*.
Other Santa 7a Tralsi:
7:^0 a. m. 1 fr>r Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld,
8:30 a. m. \ Merced. Hanford and Visalla.
o :CO p. m. )
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
| 8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago. V> « -
TICKET O77ZOE— 641 Market St.. and
Perry Depot, S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
, • LESSEE
SAN FRANCIsiO AN j NORTH PACIFIC
HAIZ.WAY COMPANT.
Tiboron Ferry, root of Market Street.
SAW FJBAKCISCO TO SAX BAfASX.
WEKK DAYS — T.:iO. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:ii.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays^ — Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30. 5:00. 0:20. 11:30 p- m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAW FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 0:20. 11:13
a m.: 12:60. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 0:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
4:65. 5:05. 0:25 p. rn.
Leave- I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. ( Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
~Week I Sun- J Destlna- J Sun- I Week
Days. [ days, f tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30a S:0Oa 0:10a 8:40a
0:30 a . Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:30p 3:30 p » 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:C0p 7:33 p
7:30a ~ ¦ 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
' 3:30 p 9:30a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and v 7:35 p
" ¦ . ¦ I 5 :0O p Santa Rosa- '
. 7.30 a : ' 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3 :30 p 3 :30 p
~ I Windsor. j
7:30a 8:00a Healdsburs. 10:40a 10:20a
| Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p) GeyservJlle. 7:33 p 6:20 p
| - \ Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:COa| Hopland 110:40 a[10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p( and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7 :30 « |_S M3O_a | WUllte. ¦ | 7:S5p| 6:20 p
¦~7:30ar8To0a| 110:40 a] 10:20 a
3:30 p] 3:30 p| Ouernevllle. | 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:0!>a| Sonoma. I 9:10 a| 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. ¦ I 6:05 p| «:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110 :40*al 10:20 a
. 3:30 Pi 3:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:35 p| C:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln: at Santa Itosa for White" Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lyttoa for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs:. at Cloverdale for
the Geysors. Boonevllle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
KelseyvP.le. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy '
Springy Saratoga Fprlngs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Wlttei Springs. 1'pper Lake. Pomo.
I'otter Valley. John X>ay's, Riverside, LIerly # s,
Bucknelfs, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr'a
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptehe, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg,
Wesfport, Usal: at.Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covello. Layton-
vllle. Cummings, Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
aen's.' Dyer., . Garbirvllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
"and Eureka. . : •
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced- rRtea. = .' • .
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half 'rates.
Ticket office. .630 . Market street. Chronicle
bulldirc. '
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.'
. , :,^'- ;¦' Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt..
_ T0 SAN RAF^ EU
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gaure! Electric —
Depart -from San Francisco Dally— 7:00. S:tH>.
!»-(H> 10:00. 11:00 a." in.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:15.
5-15.'0:15. 7:00. S:45. 10:20. 11:43 p. m. -
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 5:25. 6:35. 7:40. 8:35. 0:35. n :0 5 a.
m 12:20. 1:45, 2:50. 3:43. 4:45. 5:43, «:«.
8:45. '10:20 p. m. - ¦ x
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-.
CISCO^ — Daily — B:45, > 6:55, 7:52. 8:55. 9-m
11V20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:03. 5:05, tuw
7-05. 9:00. 10:35 d. ni. .-- . ,
- .THROUGH -TRAINS. '
8:00 a. m. dally-^Caradero and way stations.
"6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays exeepted)
Tomales and way stations.
., 3:15 p. m- Saturdays — Cazadcro and wayata.
tlons. . • ; ¦"¦¦¦-' , .. -
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations. . . ¦>
.TICKET OFFICE— 62C. Market st.
, FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market at." '
BAIL WAY TBAVEI*
The Oaly Doable-Track Railway Between
the Missouri River and Chicago.
The
The Most Luxurious Train in the World.
Electric Lighted Throughout
Buffet-smoking cars, with barber
and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Southern Pacific,
Union Pacific and
Chicago & North-Western Rys. .
Lraves San Francisco daily at 10.00 a.m . Two
other trains daily at 8.00 a. m. and 6.00 p. m.
For tickets, s!eepinc car reservations and
full information apply to agents Southera
Pacific Co., or \
R. R. RITCHIE. i
Geaen! Ageat Chic»co & Noith-Wotera Kailwrny. ;
6J7 Market Street,
SAN FRASCISCO, CAL -> '
I SOUTHERN PACIFIC
'1 rains 1 e»»« an<l »r* duo to arrive »£
SAX KICAXCISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of M»rfc«t Street) '•^
IIA»« — >KUU NOTtaBSK'Zj. IMPS. — AUKITI
~7X0a Vncartile. Win tern. Buiuic; 755*
70 J* Benlctm, Salsan, Klmlra sail Sacrar
memo 7-25r
7 33* Vallejo. Xapa. Caliitoz*. Saata %
liosa. XiartlBez, Saa lUiaoa 8.2Sr
7 JO a Ktlea. Llrermore. Tracy, Latbrop.
8tock:oa 7.25?
8.00a Ebatta Ezpres*— (Via Uarti),
WtlUami (for Bartlett Sprlat*).
Willow*. tKruto. Kea UluJT.
Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7.53*
8 00* Da»lt.\Voo<l!and. Knightt Laadtns.
HarytrtUe, OtotIIIc 7-55*
8 30* Fort Costa.' Martinez. Antloch.
Ryron. Tracr. Stockton. Strv-
man, Los Banoa, Mandota. .
Armona, Ilantord. Vital I a,
PorterTlUe 4.25»
183a Port Costa. Martinez. Tracy, L«ta-
ro[». Modesto, Merced, Fresno.
Oosiieu Junction, Hanfonl.
• Visalla. Dakersneld 4 53*
8-30* Niles, San Joae, I.lvermore. StncSc-
ton. 1 ?Milton;, lone. Sacramento,
PlacerTtlle. Marysrllle, Cnlco,
Ke.J Blnff 4.23*
1.30a Oakdol<>. Cntnrte. Jamestown. So-
nora. Taulamne and AniceU 425P
9 00a Atlantic Expres*— OBden»ndEa«t. 11.25*
8-30a Richmond, Martinez and T7»y
Stations G 5jp
10 00a The Orerland Limited — Ogden.
DenTer. Omaha, Chicago 8 .25?
1 10. CO*. Vallejo 12.23?
! 10.00a Los Antreles Paatenger — Port
< Costa. Martinez, Byroa, Tracy.
\ I.ithrop. Stockton. Mereett.
'i Itaymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore, Visalla.
nakertfleld. Lot Aneeles 7 ?3-
! it-COv Bayward. Nilea and Way Stations. S-2Sf
I Stenmtato Rlrer 8teamer« f11-93r
3-30r Benlcla, Winters. Sacramrnto.
Wooi'.'.and. Knlsbts Lauding.
MarysTllle." Ororllle and way
; :•'." ¦"- stations
SJOf Haywar«I.NIles and Way Sutlons.. 7-5af
' J30r Port Costa, Martinez. Byron,
Tracy, Lath rop. Modesto,
Merced. Fresno and Way Star
tlons beyond P<»rt Cotta ... 12-23*"
J30r Martlnei. Tracy. 8tockton. Lodt... 10.2S*"
4 CCr Martlnez.San Ramon. ValleJo.Napa,
Callttoga. Santa Jlo«a 9-25*
4.C0P TTlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.2Sr<
4.30r Bayward. Klles. Irrlnsron, San \ t8.55»
Jose, LlTennore ) til. 55a
6-OOr The Owl Limited— Xewm*n, I.os
Htsos. Mendota, Fresno. Talaro.
BakertSeld. Los Aneeles 8 53^
B.COr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12-25*
IS.SOr Hayward. Nlles and Saa Joso 7. 25*
6.00p Uayward. Kllet and San .lose. 9-55*
tJiOr Eaatera Express— Ogden. DenTer.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Benlcla. Sul-
tan. Elmtra, Davt*. Sacramento,
Rocklln. Auburn, Colfax,
Troekee. Boca, Kens, Wad*
worth. Wtnnemncca 5.2V*
•.•Of TaHeJo, dally, except Sunday.... (. -, eSa
7.00r Vallejo, Sunday only f *oar
7X0r Klehmond. San Pablo. Port Cos;*,
! Martlnex and Way Stations 11.25*
8-35r Oregon A California Express— 8ac-
ramento. MarysTllle, Reddlat;.
Portland, Paset Sound and East. 153*
9.10f Hayward, Nllea andSan Jose (3un-
dayonly) 11.S8k>
COAST LINE <*«rr<MT uun).
- (Foot of Market Street.)
8.16a Newark, CeaterTllle. Saa Jose,
Felton. Itoalaer Creek, Santa
Crn» *nd Way Stations. 5-55*
tt<1Sr Kcwartc, CeaterTllle. San Join.
New AInaden. Los Gato*.F«Uon,
Boulder Crnek. Santa Crux aad
Principal Way Stations t1038*
4.15* Newark, Saa Jose, Losdatos and \ *9.SS*.
way station!! ) 110 55a
•TSJOp Banters Train. Saturday only. San s t-
Joae and Way Stations. Return-
tag from Los Gatos Sunday only. 17 25»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrcui 8 AN ii;A.N CISCO, tool ol Market St. (SUp«»
—ma *:0O 21.00 a.m. 1.00 3 00 B.15p.m.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 iS:M
tS:Oa 10:00 a.m. 12-00 200 4.00 r.J*.
COAST LINE (Uroad Wange).
FIT" (Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Suttont 8.30»~
7.00a Saa Jose and Way Stations 6.38?
• 00* New Almaden (Tues.. Frtd.. only), 4.1a*
• 00* Coast Line Limited — StopsonlySaa
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hol-
lltter). Pajaro. C*«troTll!e. S.v
, Unas. San Ardo. Paso Robles,
Santa Margarita. San Lais Oblspm,
Principal stations thenca Sarf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thenee Santa Bar-
oara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at CattroTtlle to and from
Monterey and Pacific GroTe 10.49*
••CO* Stn Jose. Tres Ptnos, CspUols,
- SantaCraz.PaciaedroTe.Sallnas,
San Luis Obtspo and Frlacipt!
.''.-'»« WmT Stations 4-10i»
; 10 -30a San Jose and Way Stations 1.207
11-JOa Santa Clara, Saa Jose, Loa Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30
j-dOr San Jose and Way Stations ... .... 8.3sV»
4-liQJ* Pacific GroTe Kxpress — SantaClara
San Jote. Del Monte, Monterey,
' Pacific GroTe (connect* at Santa
Clara for.Kanta Cruz, Boulder
Cre*k and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for Holllster. Tres
PInos. at CastroTllle for Saltaas. 12 IS*
v 3-30r Tres PInos Way Passenger 510.45a
t4 4ar San Jose, (vU SanU CUra) Los
Gates, and Principal W«y Sta-
.. .« tlons (except Sunday) +9.12*.
<|20f San Joteand Principal Way Statfont f8 Ma
S.tOJ* bumet Limited.— Uedword. Sta
Jose. Gllroy.Sallnas, Paso Uobles.
- tan Luis Obtspo. Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. Uernlnjr. El Pmo,
• New Orleans, New Yorit. Con-
' nects at Pajaro for Santa Cru*
¦ nd at Castrovlllu for Pacific
.'¦',_ -lOroTeaad Way Station 7.10%
• IS.iBr Can Mateo,Bere»fonl.Bel<noat.8aa
¦ Carlos. Redwood. Ftlr Oaka.
, _^-i ¦ Menlo Park. Palo Alto.V. r843*
. A-™* Ban Jose and Way Stations. 6.>*
11 .30* South SanFranclsco.MlllbrM.Bai- .
. llngame. San Mateo. c*iriv.»(,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto S.45-
«11-30r MayfleH, Mountain View. Sanay-
* vale. Lawrence. Sant» Clara and
San Jose ;9.45p
AforMorutng. i* for Alteraooo
I Sunday only.
'. fatopn at an stations on Sunday.
1 bandar exeepteU. a Saturday only,
w Only trains (topping at Valencia S*. •onth*>oa«d
»rrS:ia*.M..7:CiiA.M., U:SUA..M.,t:20r x.and S:3Or.3C
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Ti» 3ios»iiM tmj Arrive "
9m Francisco fot of Iixim at." San Frandaco
Weeic Sun- ui.'u Sun- Weec
D»ya- day* /£&&$&&. clays Days. .
•1IM 1 »8:ooa jg&G^&mm Aa:oarfoMOi
*1:45p 9:00a HHraHf l:3Ar 2:5up
3:15r IO:OOa »:0Op 5:.%op
—.— .:. l:45p S:3Op
-- - • 3: 15 T _¦ ': 7;BO» *.;
. tnMtet wltlittigs fcr *^ ' Mpm tsj Tflkw Qm# ¦
™}j" 1 «6 M a«k«tt ST.,(N'orth Shore RailxoeKir'
Qm:XS I and SAUSALrro Ksxkt. Foot Market St.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year•FLOUR — California; Family. Extras, $4 <?C<9
4 85 usual: terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 6O@4 uo;
Oregon and Washington, ' $3 00S4- 20 oer bbl
for Family and~$3 90®4 40"for iiakers'. .,:-"-.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices . in • packages are ' as
follows:, . Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs*;
Rye Flour, $3 25:" Rye Meal, J3;.- Rice Flour,
87; Corn Meal, %'i 25;. .extra cream do, |4; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy, ?4®t. 25; Buckwheat
Flour..$4 5C®4 75; Cracked -Wheat,: (3 75;,Fa
rina S4 60; Whole Wheat : Flour. <3; 50 ;•• Rolled
Oats bbls. - $7 25@8 60; In sacks, - Jtt 75<g S 10;
Pearl • Barley. $«; Sollt Peas, boxes, ?7; Green
Peas, W 50 -per 100 lb*. : .. -' . - * ;
Flour and Millstuifs.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fras»
Cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
. 2C0 Belcher Y> 10O Potosl CO
20O Caledonia ... « 4C0 Potosl 21
IN) Gould & Cur. 36 5«O Savage 3S
fiCO Gould A Cur. XI 200 Savage ...... %>
OCA Justice C9 SOO Seg Belcher.. 07
:?0o Mexican SO 30O Silver Hill .. 74
100 Occidental ... 45 10O Union Con ... SO
. 2(10 Ophir t S3 ICO Yellow Jacket 28
100 Overman 13'
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes IS! 100 Mexican S7
20O Belcher 2lilOOOphir t J5
300 Bullion 07 j 40O Overman 1U
ICO Challenge Con 20, 20O Potosl 20
10O Con C A Va.l "Q; 2t)O Savage 3H
4C.Q Con imDertal. 03! 10O ITnion Con .. .48
200 Gould & Cur. >Mj ICO Union Con .. 47
10O Justice 10. 3C0 Yellow Jacket 21
10O Mexican ..... 88 ¦
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Hollowing were the sales " on the Paciflo
Stock "Exchange yesterday:
- Morning Session.
SOO Belcher 20] 2C0 Ophir 1 ««
400 Caledonia ... 83 1»» Overman •?•• . J-J
300 Caledonia ... »2 200 Savage .£
40OChollar 22 200 Utah 13
20O Con NY.... 12 SCO Utah 12
10O Gould A Cur. 3B 20U Yellow Jacket 2S
100 Gould A Cur. 84 300 Yellow Jacket 23
- 500 Mexican 00 200 Yellow Jacket 2O
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes IT) 20O Ophir ..t S5
300 Challenge Con 20 1 200 Ophir t SJ
900 Challenge Con 19 200 Overman U
10O Con C A V.I 02V, B0 Overman 14
150 Con C A Va.l W 3f»0 Potort 21
SOO Con Imperial. 03 400 Union Con . . 4o
lwcon NX... 12; in.10 rtah ........ to
10O Hale ANorc. 45 "60O Yellow. Jack.t S
1»W Ophir 1 S7%' 800 Yellow Jacket 21
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. .
Following were the *alen on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
300 Mont Ton ..155! 1W Reicue «5
CWMoSt Ton ..1 SO* IPO Ton Midway. 47
10O Mont Ton.. 1 47 H 1OO Ton Midway. 4«
100 Mont Ton . .1 45'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY.- Dec. 9 — 4 p. ra.
Bid. Ask. [ Bid. Ask.
Alpha *>3 04 Justice 0» 11
Alia ... «2 O4iKentuck 03 04
Andes ..... 17 WKeye« Graes. — 1 SO
B^ lc h er 19 20 Lady Wash.. — <R
Best & Belch. 1 00 2 C3i Mexican . 83 S5
S unlon 07 r« Occidental ... 4» 4«
Caledonia ... « 81 Ophir : 1 S51 9O
Challenge Con 1» 21 1 Overman .... 12 IS
Cholla? ..... 19 21(Poto«l 2O- 21
Confidence-. .. 75 *0 Savage 37 .K»
Con C A Va.l 05 1 10 Scorpion .... 01 ttl
Con Imperial. «t 04 Peg Belcher.. C« ,07
Con NY .... 11 « Sierra Nev .. 44 45
Crown Point. 15 1« Silver Hill ..72 75
Kureka Con.. — 50, Pt Louis 12 li
Exchequer... 10 12 Syndicate .:.. 04 C*
Gould A Cur. 34 3.1 Union Con .. 4« 47
Hale A Norc. , 45 47 Utah..*. 10 12
Julia ...08 C« Yellow Jacket 21 22
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.A.'k. BM.Ask.
Hannapah ... — 12 Ton Betmont. 70 75
MacNamara . 10 14 Ton or Nev. — 6 50
Mont Ton ...1 40 1 43 Ton N Star.. 33 M>
N Y Ton .... — 0& Ton Midway. 45 . 4H
Paymaster ... — 20 United Ton.. 10 13
Rescue . . 05 OSl
Professor — Suppose you were engaged
In the autopsy of a subject and it gavs
signs of life, what would you do? Stu
dent—I think I should— change the «ul>-
Ject, sir.— Town and Country. • v
- CHICAGO Dec. 0. — Traders who had . ex
pected a big advance In wheat prices to-day as
a result of manipulation by the . leader of the
bulls wcKMltsaprolnted. ¦ While prices held firm
at about yesterday's figures during the greater
part cf the day, supported by limited purchases
by the big bull operator, the volume of business
was light. The local crowd seemed indisposed
to take any active part In the proceedings..pre
ferring to assume a watchful attitude In regard,
to the operations of the leading . longs. There
was some selling at the start, due to lower ca
bles and' to slight molstur" In winter wheat
rectlons," "with .predictions of more, J : and- May
opened unchanged to lie lower at. 82c to 82%c.
Commission hcuses with ' St. , Louis connections
had buying orders. • As a result of the small of.
ferings Ipthe pit : a '.firmer," feeling; developed
noon after the opening. May advancing to 82%c.
The Missouri.* crop ¦ report ¦ was ' regarded as a
bullish influence." the condition of the. crop be
ing rated m 80. as against 96 last year.- 4 Trad
ing' wat> quite featureless until late tn;the,day.*
whfcn",comniIeElon houses turned active sellers
and with an absence cf suntmri thM-zoutim
Chicago Grain Market.
NE"W TORK, Dec. 9.— The ¦ cotton L. market
closed steady, net 9 to 41 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
WEDNESDAY. Dec."0— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. V : ; ; Bid/Ask.
4s qr coup...l00%110$i 4s qr cp newl33«4l34* 4
4s qr reg ..10O. 110. 3» qr coup. .108 — '
¦". .* r , BONDS. -
Ala A '.W'S*. .— 7 "¦'¦£¦ ¦ Do 5s ... :¦—: 1C9
¦ Bay CPC 5».* — 103 Do ' con 6a: f— 104, " '
Cal C G 5s. — * 1C6 O G W 5«.'C. 97-
Cal C & E %'¦' Oceanic S 5». — A T3^
m & ct 5a. — 102% Om Cable «s.l20 122%
Cal-st 5s ...— — Pac O 1m 4«. »5 100
CC W»t 5s.-V10O: P E Ry 5s. 106% 106 fi
Ed L & P68.120 — PA C-H.es. — . ._?
F & C H 6«. . — III P * O R 6s.ll6%120.
Geary-st 6n.. 45'. 00 Pow*H-Bt.B».113«.i '•
H.CAS 5%».1«M% '•¦—'¦ S F OAR 5a.-,' loo
H C & S 6s. —.101 ' SF & 8JV5s,ll*?-mi7
Hon RT' 68.104 *10« S R of C 6e.ll2% — -
LA Elec 5s.l0l%105% S P of A,6»
LA Ry Ss.,111, 113 (1B00) 107% —
L. A L Co 6s.* — — . (1910) . . . . 10S %1C9
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Quotations for all stocks showed little varla.
t!on "yesterday and trading was. light "on all
the exchange*. The California OH and San
Francisco and Tonopah exchanges held no
morning «=e?sion«. owing to the death of Sec
retary H. I* Cotfln of tha former exchange.
Ex-divlt5end . yesterday: Callforriia Street
Railway Company, .regular monthly, 75c per
'share, amounting to $75CO.
. ' The Pittsburg Oil Company, ha* just paid a
dividend of 2%c per ehare. ! oc $8000. . /- ;
At the regular annual meeting of the Mutual
Electric Light Company the following. directors
were re-elected:. P. B. Cornwall, A. Hayward.
Thomas R. - Henshelwood. James Kliher and
W. n; Sumpawhayes. - The net ' profits of the
past year were -stated at $20,360, a* compared
with :fl(U32 for 1902 and $Jt78 for 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec. 0. — Tin was very firm
abroad, advanclns £3 5s to X 123 7s 6d for spot
and £124 12s 6d for futures. Locally, tin also
ruled firm and higher, sales being reported of
ten tons for December delivery at ?2tt 05. Spot
closed strong at $27iS 27 25. '
Copper was- easier abroad, spot declining 2s
f'd to -£56 lOs'in-thc' London 'martfet, while
futures were 5s lower at-£!W.. Locally,- copper
wts.flrm. Ijike, $12 25S12 T>0; electrolytic,
$12 12%©12 25: casting, $12@12 12%.
I^ead was unchanged at $4 25 in the' local
market and at £11 Is 3d In London. '
S Spelter in. London Advanced 7s Od to £21 and
wan unchanged locally at $5 25.
Iron closed at 4fi3 !)<! In, Glasgow and at 41s
7V'd in MlrtdleBboro. Locally, iron was quiet.
No 1 foundry, Northern. SljMi'Ki: N6. 2 foun
dry Northern. $14^15; No. 1 "foundry.. South
ern, and No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft. ?13 50
@u. ¦ , •--;¦•>¦¦'•- :-;•¦-.;.¦ "¦. .. .*
New York Metal Market.
; FRUIT— Apricots,; 760c lor,, Royals and 0®
lie for Moorparlrs:?Evaporated Apples, 4@5%c,
sun-dried. '3%®4c: u Peache«. '4%©6%c; Pears,
0@10c: Nectarines 4@5%c;Fig«, white, 4©4\o
In l>oxe-| ; black. 4%c; Plums, cltted. 60flc per
pound. ¦ - ¦ -
'•*'• PRUNES— 1003 crop. . 2%©2*|C - for th« four
RAISINS — F. ; o. b.^ prices/ Fresno. - for i 1003
crop: -'. SO-lb f boxe«-r Loose ¦ Muscatel; ' 2-crown.
5V4c per lb; S-crown. 6%c: 4-crown; 6%c; Seed
lees , • Muscatels.'-^ 4 We: do.' 1 floated.-." 4%c;r- un
bleached Sultanas, : 4%c; .Thompson's . Seedless.
5^'.c- London i Layers — 2-crown. $1 25: 3-crown.
$1*35; ; 4-crown ' clusters.* J2:-. 5-crown Dchesas,
$2 '¦(>: 6-crown Imperials, $3: Malaga Loose.<2
crown, 5c" per' lb: • do - 3-crown,'. B94c;
Cured, VAc; Pacific, 'do, 3*ic: Oriental. ;do.
Dried Fruits,Nuts^Raisins, Honey
GRAPES— 40@f0c for small boxrg and S5c@
*1 for crates 1 Jarge boxes, %l<31 50.
'•s CITRUS FRUITS— Navel .OranreV ?1 50®
2 CO "per box; Seedlings, '75c© $1; Tangerines.
$ljfl 25 for half. boxes and 7."eS$l for quarter
boxes ;-: Japanese - Mandarins, r$l 25©1 75. per
box: • Lemons, $1@2 per box: • Grape Fruit.
$1 CO4?2 SO; Mexican Limes. $404- 50; Bananas,
51 ¦ 25@2 25 ¦ per > bunch for Hawaiian < and $2@3
for Central American;. Pineapples, $233 50 per
dozen.
APPLES— Fancy ' Splt-jenberg», $1 73@2 per
box; other varieties. $lj£l 50 for fancy, 753'JOc
for chclCR and 25^' SOc tor Christmas
Apples, $1 B05|2.- . .
PEARS— Winter Nelils. from *:old storage,
$1 50&2 p*r«box.' -. ¦ '."• •¦¦¦
QUINCES— SOf^COc per box. .
i I'ERSIMMONS— 50c«^l per box.
There was' a little better movement reported
in • well-colored -. Oranges, but , as supplies - were
lane ; there was no advance in pnets.- Other
citrus and tropical fruits were In ample suo
]ily and unchanged. 1 ¦¦ * <
. STRAWBERRIES— L^ngworths. 'per
chest; larpe ¦ berries. $3®4 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— 50c per drawer.
:CRANBERRIES — Cape Cod, f:il(6fl2 50; Jer
seys. $lC®10 70 per bbl. . v ,
FresVi Cape Cod Cranberries - of a superior
quality are on the market at advanced prices.
Local trade in fresh fruits was of small
volume and /prices "o? mo«t descriptions had
but little change. ¦ There was a fair amount
of business on shipping account and several
good sized orders for Oranges and "Apples wers
placed for shipment to nearby town* and Hono
lulu.' Apples continued to arrive lreely and
although prices were not quotably * lower sev
eral dealers ¦ who were overstocked wfcre offer-
Ing concessions ln'order to effect. sales. Christ
mas " Apples were, hard to dispose of. The de
mand for Grapes. showed no Improvement, but
as. receipts of crated goods were- lisht- prices
strengthened. Large boxes moved /lowly and
a considerable .portion of the light receipts
were still on' hand at the close. There were
no Longworth : Strawberries received. ; but sev
eral chests of -.the large varieties camt? in and
sold / at ¦ about previous prices. Ktceims of
Raspberries consisted of eleven drawers, wnich
were peddled cut at 5Cc wr drawer.
Deciduous and C iirus Fruits.
Open. High. - Ijow. Close.
May ........*l 07 ?1 ,0i *1 07, $1 07
December. ...'114 1 14 1 13ft " 1 13T,
OATS— The situation remains unchanged, the"
market being steady and but moderately sup
plied, . -- . -~
Wnite. • $1 25©1 35;fllack, $1 40®l 60;;Ked.
$1 20@l 25 for feed and $1 25@1 33 for seed;
Gray, $1 32%. ¦" - : '. '• ¦ ¦/ ¦ '
CORN-i-There la 1 no i further change "in : this
market. -\ The demand continues light." - - » •'•¦•
Western Backed, ; $1 25 for Yellow.: $1 25 'for
White and $1 20®l 22% for Mixed; California
large Yellow. $1 22%@1 30;' small -round-do,
$1 40#l CO; White. $1 25®1 30 per ctl.- .
VRYE-ll 2501 30 per ctl.^ . :
¦ BUCKWHEAT— $a 25@2 CO per ctl. ;.
Feed, $1 1C@1 13ft ; . Shipping and Brew
ing, $1 15@1 20; Chevalier, ?1 .20ijf 1 45 'for fair
to choice. ¦--<¦ • -•' • '!¦:< ¦ ' ¦>
FUTURES. . . .
Session 0 to "11:30 a. m.
Open, High. '.Low. Close.
May ........|l 07'/j ?l O7ii $107 $107
December ... 1 13^ 1 14 1 13»4 1 14
- : '¦ ' 2 p. m. Session.
CASH BARLEY
Open. High. Low. Close.
Mav ........ $1 33 $1 35>A Si ;»% ?1 35Vi
BARLKY — Predictions of possible rain along
the northern coast to-day weakened futures,
but the cash grain remained unchanged. Hold
ers of choice bright Feed ssked ?l 15 for it,"
without making sales.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. ra. '
'""-.• Open.- - 'High. Low. Close.
May ...$1 30*4 ?! 3«% ?1 35Vi *1 35»4
2 p. m. Session.' •¦ ¦
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, "-¦ $1 4001 42%: California
White Australian, $1 00@l 02>4: Northern Club,
$1 4001 41 U; Northern Bluestem, $1 50@l 51 »4;
Oregon Valley, $1 40.
Minneapolis' wired: "About all •* the Wheat
here and in Northwest .country elevators Is
sold. That • is, the" mills have sold so much
Flour ahead that it will take about all the
available Wheat to m<i"ke this Flour sold for fu
ture delivery."
There was little change in .this .. market,
either in cash grain or futures. -
Recent crop estimates will be seen in the first
column. ¦ , ¦*.*¦". '. • . .'.-.--;
WHEAT — There was no Important news from
abroad. Chicago declined . %c. There was ex
cellent buying, with an enormous short Interest
in May. The Daily Trade Bulletin made the
world's visible supply December 1 174,000,000
bushels, against 1S5,COO,OOO bushels on > the
same, date in 1002.' ' •• >
Wheat and Other Grains.
Silver continued to flucrtiate, and recovered
?4c Sterling Exchange showed fractional vari
ations and New York rates were firm, -with a
good demand.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. ... — $1 sO'.i
Sterling Exchange, sight — • 4 84
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — O7»4
Silver, per ounce. — . 54%
Mexican Dollars..". — 44
Exchanr : and Bullion.
Mining Stocks.
LOCAL MARKETS.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Dec. J J). — WHEAT — Steady," un
changed; blue stem, SOc: club, 76c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. ft.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 72@73c; blue stem. 78c; valley. 78c.
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE. nee. ».— Clearings, $C76,»2S:
balances. $157,710. /
TAfOMA. Dec. 0.— Clearlnys. $382,027:
balances, $4ft.713. ' -
PORTLAND. Dec. S.— Clearings, $5SS,C72;
balances. $iE<.704.
SPOKANK. Dee. 0. — Clearings, $«27,084;
balances, $81,202.
Northern Business.
ST. LOUIS." Mo.. Dec. !>.— WOOL— Steady.
Medium grades, ccmblng and clothing, 17<8>
21'sc:- light Hne. ]5fol7Vic; heavy fine, 12®
14 'ac; tub washed, 20&31r. '.; .-
St. Louis Wool Market.
. • Conditions In the Rutter market continue
very unsatisfectory. ¦ Not • only Is the market
largely overstocked, chiefly with medium and
•lower-grade goods, but the demand is so very
slack that dealers are unable to account for It.
Certainly the consumption has fallen on* very
sharply since Thanksgiving. Houses that had
to buy yesterday reported that they could - get
all the tine creamery they wanted at '27}Je. .
and sales at 27c were reported."" Resales by
these buying houses to retailers were of course,
lat an advance over first-hand prices.'
There was 0 * nothing new in Che«se. ' •
Eggs showed more easiness. Prices, while
not actually lower, were weak, end any elose
buyer could fill his needs In choice ranch at
50c. Receipts are exDeoted to Increase from
now en and '.this makes the market unsteady.
Receipts were 3«,C00, lbs Butter. C45 cases
'Eggs and 23,500 lbs Cheese. . , .
BUTTER— Creamery. 27©2Sc an.l occasion
ally 28c for extras, and 25@2fic for seconds;
dairy. 18@24c; store Butter. 1714c; told stor
age 24#2Cc: Eastern.. 23@25c p«r 1U ":
*. CHEESE — 12S12iic for .the geneial market.
I 13c for select mild r.ew . and ll*?ll%c.for
lower grades: Young Americas, UJi'Mc; East
em. lB'ifiltSVJc: Western, 14©15c pcr.lb.
EGGS — Ranch. .10@32c for choice and . 45®
4Sc .for small and mixed colors; store, nom
¦ Inal; cold ctorage, 2SS32*4c; Eastern, 2C*j'-S?
I for cold storare. ~\ ; • » , "
Butter, Cheese and. Eggs.
POULTRY — Drtssed Turkeys, 22fl25c per lb;
live Turkeys. 204t22e per lb: Geese, uer pair,
$1 75@2; Goslings. $2S>2-2.1: Ducks. $5(80 p«r
dozen for old and $6<j?7 for young; Hens, $4 CO
SiT. for small and S.'fail for large: young
Roosters. ¦ $4 HOTiSi. old Roosters, $4 50®5:'
Fryers. $4©4 50; Broilers, $4@4 50 for large
antl $:5if»3 50 for small: Pigeons. $1@1 25 per
dozen fcr old and yi'ti'l 2." for Sauap*.
GAME— Mallard Ducks. $1^3 50 per dozen:
Canvasback, $"lft»4 50; rinrlg. . $2 5O4/;:!:' Teal.
$1 50«?l 75; Widgeon. $1 TiCfit 75; smaU Ducks.
SI 1o<a\ 50; Gray Geese. $3: White Geese. $1®
1 50; Brant, $1 25 for small and $2 for large;
Honker?. $5 for large and $4 for small; Eng
lish Snipe. $3: common Snipe. $1 75: Wild
Doves, $1 25; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
$1 50 for Brush; Hare, $1 25@I 50.
The markets for Poultry and Game were still
affected by; the closing of many, of the leading
restaurants, ; and. as receipts continued heavy
there, were further declines. . .Pries*'' of Hens,
yfiuns; Roosters. -Fryers, and- large Broilers de
clined sharply and the best" offerlns of Western
stock could be bought' at $5 tiOppr dozen. An
other car of Western came, ini making C for
the current week. Receipts of live and dressed
Turkeys were more liberal than on 'the pre
ceding day and prices declined sharply, .as
dealers were anxious to keep cleaned up. Game
was offering at easy" prices and large* lines of
fine stock were still iinnil.l p.t the close.
Poultry and Game.'
RAGS — Grain Bags. .Vnr.>,e: San Quentln, |
5.o5c: Wool Bags. 32©35c; Fleece Twine, 7Hfr
Sc; Cotton Fruit Hags, tJH<". 6?4c and 7V4c for
the three grades: Brown Jute, 6^<&*7Hc
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $s; Seattle, $C 50; Bryant. $<> SO; Bea
ver Hill. $550; Standard. $7: Rnslyn. $7;
Coos I^»y. $5 5<»: Greta, $7; Wallsend. %~: Rich
mond. $7 SO; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
114; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
jll .10; Cannel. $8 50 per ton: Coke, $11 50<i>
13 per ton in bulk ami $1." in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 20CO lbs and
$12 80 per long ton, according to brand.
Harrison's circular for Austifi'ia says:
"Since the steamship Sonoma left there have ;
b?en the following arrivals of coal from Aus
tralia, viz: William Tlllle. 2331 tone: Alster
schwan, 3720 tons; Ernest Lego'ive, 3000 tons;
total. 0C21 tons. .There are at present tweniy
one yesse!* on the engaged 4i?t to carry coal
from Sydney and Newcastle, with a carrying
capacity of about »iO,000 tons, and ten of th»se
vessel* should arrive here this year. The light
deliveries for the " past thirty days have ma
terially reduced the quantity of Australian
ccal now on hand. There Is nothing due to
arrive here for over sixty day* after the ear
troe8 now wflont have come to l-awl. Nine
new names iiave been addetl to thp coal carry-
Ing list since the beginning. of the month, but
some of the vessels listed will not lead before
April or May next, hence the quantity ¦ of
colonial coal in store here will be very slim
at that time. The Southern Pacific Company
In in the market for steam grades and la-pay
ing fair prices for same. There is a variance
of opinion as to whether the former duty 'on
coal will be renewed. Ita renewal will prove
detrimental to the " profitable Importations of
British Columbia and Australian coals and a
material drawback to our local manufacturing
Interests where steam coals are c.jriumed."
S OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for ea«es.
add 5c.- LlnseeO. 4.V per gallon for boiled and
4.1c for raw; Castor Oil. in case*. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' A A $1 10*1 12; Lucol. 14c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 55@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. SSe for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 80c; natural winter Sperm Oil 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, (Sic: natural Whale
Oil, -«:0c; extra winter Strained Lard Oil, S3c;
No 1 I-aird Oil, 75c; pure Neatsfoct Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil; C5c; light Herring Oil.
45c- dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon OH. 38 is
boiled Fish Oil, 40c: raw Fish Oil, 38c; boiled
Paint Oil '35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
15W.c; Pearl . Oil In cases, 22c; Astral. 22c;
Star, 22c: Extra Star. 2l'«: Elaine. 2Sc; Eocene.
25c; deodorized. Stove. Gasoline, In bulk. 17c;
In cases. 23V»c; Benzine, in bulk, 13c; in cases,
IUVjC; Sli-d>gree Gasoline. In bulk. 21c: In
cases. 27 Vic
TURPKNTINE— SCc per gallon In cases and
74c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. CH@
7c per Ib; White Lead, ti'-.ft'e, according to
quantity.
- SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Cubes, A' Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.63c;
Powdered, S.ter; Candy Granulated. 5.50c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.40c; Fruit Granulated, 5.40c; Beet Granu
lated <l(H)-lb bugs only). 5.20c: Confectioners*
-A H.40c; Magnolia A. 5c; Extra C. 4.90c;
GoUlen C, 4.S0c; "D,". 4.70c; barrels. 10c more:
half barrens. -5c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-Ib
bags, -10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Halt
barrels. 3.»0c: boxes. (J.15c; H. & E. Crystal
DcminoK. 8.40t per ib. No orders taken- for
less than seventy-flve barrels or Us equivalent.
wnpojfj Jo srfpjou \
FOR WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 0.
Flour (it sks .. 15.C27 Fred, ska 22
Wheat ctlf ... fl.000 Broomcorn, - bdls 442
Barley* ctls ... 55.117 Pelts, No 720
Corn, ctls ..:.. 2t;*> Hides. .No. .-... 393
Rye. ctls ..... 765 Sugar, ctls .... 1.6OO
Beans, sks --•• 2,070 Tallow. 1 ctls ... S3
Potatoes, sks .." 3,010 Raisins.' bxs .. 3.2C0
Onions sks.... 40 [Quicksilver flks 23O
Bran sks ..... «10 Leather, rolls .. -IPO
Middlings sks.. 1.430 Wine. -gals 6S.V0
Hay. tons Slfl Brandy; gals .. 250
Hops* bale* ... 80 Lime. bbl« 40R
AVool" bales ...." S Chicory, bbls .. 50
EASTERN.
Flour, qr sks . . 1.C0OI .
General Merchandise.
$."5,005,000.
United States 4s advanced Ji and the 3s
'i Tier cent on the last call.
The Stock Exchange will be clcttd Satur
day. December 20. the day aftor Christmas,
. as well as on Christmas.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stacks— Sale*. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 37,100 69Vi «*>4 r&%
AtchiEon pfd 400, S2*4 »-¥i 'MVt
Haltimore & Ohio.. 10.200 SO 79H 78%
i Halt & Chic pfd ' K7'a
[Canadian Pacific. 2,200 H9',4 11*5^ 110
I Cen of New Jersey . 156
Chesapeake & Ohio. 1.70<> 33 K 33U 33>4
Chicago & Alnn... 1,400 34?* 34«i 34>i
Chi & Alton pfd... 200 71% 71 70
Chi Great Western. 1.10O 16!* 10 \H%
Chi U W R pfd... 400 2«H 2R 2*%
Chicago &.N W... 1/XtO 1 68 ',4 1B7 HXIS
(hi Term & Trans 8%
Chicago T & T pfd. 100 lS'i 1S'£ IS
C. C. C & St Louis 73
Colorado Southern.. l,0(X» 15«i UV, i|i^
Colo South 1st pfd. 700 55 Mi^ n4>£
Colo South 2d pfd.. 1.200 24 • 23" 23
Delaware & Hudson 1,200 159*6 l.VJt,4 159W
Del. Lack & Weet. 40o 24.-. 244»i 245
Denver & Rio G... «K» 22V4 21 % 22
! Den & Rio G pfd.. K0o 72 7O»£ 71 Vi
1 Erie 7G.000 30 | 2S% 29^
I Eric 1st r.fd....... 4.200 f3S «7"4 . (iSVi
I Erie 2d pfd 0,000 51^ 49% W!>8
Great Northern pfd .... 1C0
1 Hocking' Valley .;.." ..'. •• 74^
! Hcckin? Val pfd... 20H R4 fit K{
; Illinoin Central... .. 2,<w»o 131 120-^ 12J»-?4
Iowa Centra! 20"-
J In wa Contra! pJd... 2C0 ::» 3S% "atU
K C Southern 300 19«i 10% in»i
i K C Fouth«rn pfd.. .*.*.. 35
Louis &'Nash. : :t,10<» 107 IWVs '07-
Mar.haitnn L 29.300 144%; 141% 14J'/i
I St Ry. 13,000 124*4 520'^ 123
' Mirn & St Louis.. ..... 5K
Missouri Pacific '19.300 -34*4 »3«4 "!«'.i
Mo, Kan fc Texas.. 100 17»i I'M ' J7'.i
Ih k *; t pfj i.noo m 3014 n»
1 Ntl RR of Mex pfd 100 3S 38 « :;7
I New York Central. 2/w*> 119% IIS 1 **! U!»l;
Norfolk & Western. 2.000 . DSTi OS«<s 58%
Nor *t West pfd .... 87.
<~>ntari-> & Western. 3,«0<> 22'i 21% 21 *J
Pennsylvania 40,7«ft 119 117* 118U
P. C. C& St Lou's. 20«» ta\i r;2>4 «2V«
Ilcailng 29,800 40 4 4% 4."i
RcadlrjrlKt pM. ......... .:.; ,'.'... ~ : -77~.'.
• Rirartlnir 2<1 pfd.... ....:.. «to
Rotk Island CC... 23,700 2f.»^" 25 "/s ¦ T2"
I'.oct lflaftd Co pfd. 500 63 02 Cl^i
PtL & FF Jst pfd.. '..'..... CO •
fit L & SF 2<1 pfd.. 000 -¦ 45*4 41% ' 44Ti
St Ifflils fi W .. W)O 14%,- 14 -1314
St Ix>uiE S XV pfd.. - 700 .14«it • 33% : 32'»
Pt Vsixzi .24.500 144 142% 142<jj,
Bt Paul pli BOO 172^1 - 172^ , U2
Southern PacliJc. .. I6.S00 W* '47% ,- 47>4
Southern Railway.. 10.700 214; 20"4 20%
•Peuthcm Ry pfd... . SOO 7SU 7S'.{ 78
J Texas ft- Pncific. ... 3,600' 25 : «, , 25*4 2. T »Ji
] T. St L & W. 21
! T. St L & W pfd.. 400 30 3S J .s 35 K
I irnlon Pacific 45.700 -79'/i 78 7SH
I ITnlon Pacific pfd.'. ¦ ..:. " .... - 87- -
I Wabaeh 600 2W& , 2O>4 20
! V.alMiFh !>M «.10O 37% 3«*i' 37
i Whediig & L E... ' : ....' ....-17
Wltccnsln Central.. 400 17%' 17^ 17
Wisconsin Cen pM. ¦ '5<J0 3S?4 3SVi 37%
Hxprees companies —
Adams 100 220 ' 220 2.M
American - -...• 1R5
t-'ciUd States ..-.. .... .... .... 101-
Wells-Fargo .... ".'... 200;
Miscellaneous — • : . "
Amalgam Copper. .109. flOO 48- 4.V- 4flsj
Am Car & Foundry 200 19«4 1»% 10%^
Am Car & F ptd.. .VW 67% UHi 6"H\
Am Llneee^l Oil... 20(1 10 0% -9^4
1 Am Un Ol! pfd ... *- 100 29?i 23^ 29
NEW "YORK. Dec. !>. — Another active and
exceedingly irregular market to-day gave evi
dence of a growth of variety and interest in
the speculation, although the total dealings
I fell slightly below those of yest< rday. It
was perfectly obvious to the most casual ob
server that there was an enormous unload
ing of stocks to take profits by ihcse who had
bouskt lower down, but the . sealing* was not
pursued at' the expense of values. - and there
were recurrent rallies In the eer>eral list.
There was a general agreement also that some
j of the most conspicuous strength of the mar
-I ket was due to flagrant' mcnlpulttion, and
that this was designed to cover nulling to
realize elsewhere. But there was fairly good
absorption of the selling and a growing hope
of an awakening interest in the market on the
Part of the outside' public. The professional
I element of stock speculators Is devjily imbued
with a conviction that no widespread demand
for securities is ever induced without the pre
liminary invitation of a spectacular and man
ipulative advance in prices. Th<- fact that
the conditions in the money market have be
come such as to allow- resources for this kind
of campaign and that conditions at large
have attained a state which relieves the stock
market from an overwhelming flooJcr liquida
tion upon any advance in prices are lyoked
. upon by the average speculator as quite 'sub
stantial grounds for bullish enthusiat-m. The
!eaderghii> of the market to-day shifted baefc
to Urooklyn Rapid Transit and Amalgamated
Copper. Brooklyn Transit roue ."t^. There
f is a deeply ingrained theory In the speculative
world that all the New York public utilities
i will be broueht ultimately under a single con
• trol. giving opi>ortunlty for Important eco
j nomi<-s, especially In the matter of electrical
liower. This was the basis of to-<lay's great
PDeculatlon. but so far as coul.l be author
itatively learned there was absolutely no new
development bearing on the conjectured out
come. The adootion by the Montana Senate
of the so-called "fair trial" bill intended for
copper litigation was the only news affecting
Amalgamated Copper, and the speculation in
j that stock principally influenced by the
varying Burmlpes as to whether the Standard
OH interests were buying or pellmc in the
market. The stocks which were strongest and
most active yesterday during the pause for
profit-taking in the advance of Brooklyn Rapid
Transit and Amalgamated Copper -acre freely
pold to take profits to-day. The «elling move
ment became comprehensive in the last hour
and left net gains only for the stocks men
tioned for particular strength. Additional
Kold was taken in London to-day, but that
center cc.ntinued to send orders here to buy
stocks. It is -paid that these- holdings are to
be carried In New York and with money bor
rowed here. The real origin of the orders Is
cpen to conjecture. Chicago is credited with
lance buying of stocks and with some lend
ing of money here also.
A feature of the money market was the re
ceipt by telegraphic transfer of *1:}!>,<X>O from
Fan Francisco and a moderate outgc to New
Orleans.
The bond market was Irregular. Tttal sales.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Do gtd 6». — — 1S P of C «s
Do (ctd 5s. — 104 <l»05)Pr A.102^ — -
LAP l«n 5s.lCO — ! <1005)Sr B.103-m0*
ilkt-St C 6S.MM — f (1SKW) ....104V*,100
Do lem 59.112 114 41912) 114»i —
NRR of CCs.107 1<« iSPC 1 eg 5s». — '—
Do Cb ....114 — i Do stmpd.100-% —
N P C R 3a. — 107. !? P B R 6s. 131 I32S
NCR 5a.. — 110 IS V W 6s. .l(Kl«ilO6U
N C P C 5n. — 101 1 Do 4s 2dm. 0S*i —
N S R R 5s. OTlilOOtj Do 4» ."Mm. — —
• > G L H 5a.lO7 — 'Ptkn G&E «a — l«2>i
C T Co Ca..ll7->« — I" O & E 5a. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Cost3 — 42 (Port Costa.. — —
Marln Co... 61 — IS ,V W'-Co:. 3S"v3O
\ GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% *K S F G & E. 67U 6S*
Mutual E L. »' 10 S F Gas L.. 3Vl 3%
Pac G Im... W W% Stkn G A E. 5 —
Pac.L Co... B3«i — U G & K... — —
Sac E G&R. — I
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. C8 — I
Flrem'a Fnd.320 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 12.". il, P * A 1«O 17rt
An«rlo-Cal ... 8T. 01 jMer Trust.. .2::o 230
Bank of Cal.4*7=; — |Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. 147 HI 53 » F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — )
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2243 — jSav ft L So. 04 101
Hum S & L. — — sec Sav Bk. »C<> 6CO
Mutual Sav.lOO 105 Unlcn T Co. — —
S F Sav U..60O —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 2C5 (Presidio .... 39=; 43
POWDER.
Giant — G? l|Visorit 4 4>\
Hana P Co.. — -80c Kilauea S C. — &
Hawaiian C. 44^ 43 Makawell C. 22'i —
Honokaa S C 13 14 1.5^ Onomea S C. 3«> Sl\
Hutch S P C 9T* — Paauhau S C 11 15
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.143%145 Oceanic S C. S 6U
Cal Fruit A« 82 — Pac A F.... 4tj —
Cal Wine Aa 91 92 Pac C Borx.167 168
Morning Session.
50 Hutchlnson S P Co s 90 10 OO
10 Hutchlnson S P Co ;.... 10 0<>
130 Spring Valley Water Co 38 H7Vi
50 Spring Valley Water Co 39 CO
Street —
10 Bank of California 448 00
Afternoon Session.
'Board —
230 Honokaa 1.1 12t£
10 Hutchinson 8 P Co 1O CO
12 Pacific Coast Borax 1«7 0O '
45 Spring Valley Water Co 33 75
Stre-t —
25 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar. . 43 0O
$2W0 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent..lO« 30
California Stock and Oil Exchange
On account of the d?ath of Secretary H. L.
Coffin there was co morning session of the Ex
change:
011 Stocks— . Blil. - Asked.
A lllJcft •*•••••• ¦•••••*••••••• I ¦•* ' j O - ¦ ¦ •
Apollo ....* 40 ....
Associated Trust Certificates 2O
Aztec SO
California Standard 10
Caribou 1 «tt ....
Central Point Con 65 ....
Chicago Crude 13
Claremont "•» ....
Esperanza X U) ....
Four v «7 69
Fulton 4 50 ¦
Giant ¦ 2O
Hanford ."•> I3S 00 140 0O
Home 1 0O 1 OS
Imperial IS OO
Independence 15 * IK
Junction 10
Kern 5 00
Kern River 10 Ort . 13 00
Lion «: ....
Monarch (of Arizona) 45 4«
Monte Cristo 70 '
Occidental o* W Va » IS 2t>
Oil City Petroleum 2« 27
' Peerless 13 75 1* 00
Pittsburg 19 20
Heed Crvde (old) 3ft
S. F. & McKittrick 3 W>
San Joaquin O A D 4 w»
Senator* « 75
Sovereign W W
Sterling 2 55 ....
Hur^rior 05. ' fifi
Thirty-three 7 fio 7 30
Toltec 2i>
Twenty-eight 4 OO
West Shore 2 «.X>
Associated Bonds *H
Reed Crude (new) - IM
Miscellaneous —
Abby Ij»nd & Improvement. . x .... t 50
Alameda Susar - . ....
American Biscuit ....
American District Te! '
Cal Gas & Eleo Corp ••••
Cal Cotton Mil!?
Cal Jockey Club li"il
Cal Shipping Co 20 no 27 00
Cal Title Ins tz Trust
Central Bank of Oakland i -
fhutes Company • '3
Cypress I^iwn Im;i Co ll'ii..
Fischers Theater 2 12*5 2 25
, Oan r"or.rumers A.tsn
Honolulu Su«*r IB 00
Northern Cp.l Power ....
"Korth Phorp Railroad Ji'ii
' Oypbenm Companv low
' Pacific States Tel ft Tel -I'AA SE53ra
Pa-af line Paint 35 «r> ffli **g*ml
8a n Franc'.sco Dry TV>el* .-•- •• —
: Sanitary Reduction Works .. 1 *0
Sau«alito land & Ferry. # ,
Sperry Fl<»'.ir Company
55tandard Electrlo ..." ¦••-
Tesla Coal Company •« 5°
Tnickee Electric ...^ ••••
T'nion Suear • .... ••••
1'nited Gas & Electric ••••
*¦ SALES.
Afternoon Session.
Board — „
iSOOFourOil »
BOO Superior - JJJJ
10O Sterling 2 ™?
10CO Toltec , j"
500 Claremofit .' ;••••
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less >O
per cent s*hrinkege for Cattle: ' *
CATTLE— Steers, S©Oc; Cows and Heifers.
7@8c; thin Cows. 405c per lb.
CALVES-^-l@4'£c per lb (gross welKht).
SHEEP— Wethers._ 3&O4C; Ewes, 3%@3^C
per lb- (groes' weight), .
LAMBS — IViff&c per lb: , . i -.-
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to ISO Ifcr. r.Vic; over
180_lbs, 5c: Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars, 50
per" cent off. and Stags 40 per cent off from
above quotations. • : ¦ ¦ '
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers ar* as follows:
BEEF— C^i<ff7Hc for Steers and 0©6c per
lb for Cows. - . ' . ' . •
VEAI^— Large,' S@Oc: small. 0@ft^c per lb.
MUTTON— Wetheis, -8®Stoc; Ewes. 8®3^o
per Ib. ' " ' .
M.MB- O',4«flOc per lb. ' ,
PORK— Dressed Hok». , 7@S*aC per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
ONIONS— $1(^1 20 per ctl.- " '
Vp:GETAUL,ES — Green Pea?, 3@5c per lb;
String Beans, XtiTic per lb; Wax. :<@5c;.I^ma
Beans. ' \*-t lb: Tomatoes, 40#75c per box
for bay and. CO.&TIic per crate for Ix>s Ar.
geles; Summer Squash from Loa Angeles. CO^
7.^0 per t>ox; : Cnbbage, 50c per ctl-; -Carrots,
75c per sack: Cucumbers.- $l(iil 2J> per box fcr
bay and — — • for I-os Angeles; Garlic, 0<8'7c
per Ib: Egg Plant, «i«Sc per lb; Dried I'eppers,
Wg'Sc -per. lb for Stockton and 11@12»4c for
southern; Dried Okra. .12V4c per lb: Green
Peppers, $1©1 25 per box; Mushrooms, 20®
2.1c nor lb; Marrowfat and Ilubbard Squash.
antii rj per ton for round lots. 'and per
lb for sacked. — • ¦. " . , - '
Old- and- trashy of- Los ' AnA'oles
Vegetables were cleared up and freSh arrlv.ils
of Peas. Beans and Summer Squash met \v t ih
a steady d*mand at Improved prices. . Tjraa
toes, arrived : freely from Tjos Angeles and
mound the- Ray ¦ and moved slowly, as the coot
weather cheeketJ the demand.-.. "There were no
fresh '.''Arrivals,-' of- ' Kgz. Plant and '; carried-ov.er
stock- sold ' slowly, ' <fR the stock waa overgrown
and "ronerally-'of roor quality.
POTATO KS — Iturbanks from the river." COt?
00c per ctl: Salinas Kurhanks. Iliffl 45 ' pvr
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, 6.V991 CS per ctl: Kiver
Reds; CO0COC per ctl; Sweet' Potatoes, fl 15
per, ctl. , . '. ' .. , . . . .. •
Dullness continued to characterize t l -s f'u
tato market «nd supplies of all kinds. of table
Potatoes were far In excess of requirements.
The bull? of the supplies, however, were- held
by a few houses ami there was no change in
prices." A' car of Sweet Potatoes was mark^.cd
and met with a 'fair demand ~2t the familiar
quotation. " Onions' were generally rather weak,
although 'fancy lota were- firmly held at an aJ
vance..--'-' •. ; - .' ¦ ¦:. ¦•..->
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Seattle 30.34 3S 32 SE FoRgy .00
Si>okan» 3U.52 28 24 NE Cloudy .00j
Tato-ish 8O.SQ 4S 44 S Cloudy .00
Walla Walla. .".0.52 2H 2B W Cloudy- .00
Winnemucca .30.38 4t» 14 Clear .00
Yuma 30. M 70 4S N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The pressure has remained nearly stationary
over the western half of the country. A stag
nant high area continues over the Pacific
• Slope. No rain, has fallen west of the Rocky
I Mountains
Cloudy weather and some fog prevail on
the northern coast.
The temperature continues about normal in
California
Heavy frosts are likely to occur Thursday
morning generally in California back from the
OCR St.
I Foreca.n made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endlnjf midnight December 10:
•Northern California— Fair Thursday, with
heavy frosts In the morning;; light northeast
wine's.
Southern California— Fair Thursday with
light frosts back from the coast In the morn
ing: lipht northeast winds. ,
Nevada — Fair Thursday.
Pan Francisco ar.d vicinity — Fair Thursday;
light northerly winds, changing to westerly.
A. G. MeADIE. District Forecaster. .
"Th* hotter tone to the stock market antici
pated in these advices continues, and does nnt
jet appear to have run its cour*>\ During th»
past »Kk the upward movement was stimu
lated by a class of tuying that previously
had been conspicuously wanting. Large in
terests unquestionably pave the' market
*tron«rer support, and the change In sentiment
forced considerable buying on short account,
thus developing an additional element of
»trenjrth. Apart, however, from puch support
*s may have been derived from these sources,
the renewal of gold bSpOtta had a i^ronounted
*ff*rt upon 5perulative sentiment. Ne?r!y $3.
f.(i0.<iOO r old was ensas^d this week for im
|>ortation. making a total thus far this season
{ oT about Sl.i.'JUt.uO". Thlt is primarily due to
•the incr»-af*-d pro<Juotion of Pouth African
tnines. shut off originally by the Transvaal
¦war. London. In consequence, ha? become dis
tinctly more ontimiptie. ar.d the revival of
tribulation in Kaffirs on thtA market ha? ex
erted a stimulating eff<ct upon oiher Fharep.
The intrrr.ational situation as a whole has also
distinctly imj>rov«i during the iast few roor.ths
r»sulting inevitably in a better tone in finan
cial circles. British Industry shows irfgr.s of
revival after recent deprt^ion while the in
dustrial recovery In Germany from the crayh
of two or thre* years ago has slso b?en quite
pronounced.- Foreign munufacturers now cn
trrtain less fear of the '"American peril" than
they did two yrars ago, their costs of pio
duction having fallen, while our? have ris^n;
¦ nd the result is. a moro cheerful feeling gen
erslly abroad, which affects the financial cen
ters favorably, and is finally reflected upon this
center through a greater willingness to send
"us grold. Thcrr is but one cloud oil the for
eisn horizon, and that is ih? strained condition
Of affairs in the Far East: though even there
no immediate trouble* are in sight.
OUR FOREIGN CREDITS.
" Another satisfactory element in the gold
movement is that we are accepting actual fay
¦mer.t for our products instead of extending our
credit* abroad, as we did at this season in
ltt*!2 and l»ol. Then, it will lie remembered,
our borTo-uings abroad were rising higher and
higher, until foreign bankers began to hesitate,
«"Ven when considering our .magnificent re
sources. Then Wit krpt our hanK reserve in as
pood shape as possible by borrowing heavily
abroad w-here it could r.ot easily be detected.
Naw we have very largely liquidated these for
eign loans, eo that our financial situation has
improv.d much mere than indicated by cur
local bank stetemer.t. That illuminating doc
ument still shows loans at a very high figure
and reserves very low. Unquestionably, th^
J^anks i,»*hJ to Improve their txhibits in this
if-sp«-ct; anil yet it is important to bear In
mind that the situation is much better than •¦
such com2>arisons nith last y»-ar nujrge.st. The
whclesjUe liquidation of the jjast -eleven raonth«
has materially out down the over-extt rjsloa vl
tredit which then existed.
"Activity t.as befn rh'.efly centered upon j
railroads which are doing a profitable business. |
or upon thos«» roads wh*-re the growth of traf- I
fie giies an additional element of stnrtgth. '
Shrewd invfgtrrwnt bu>-ers. who look for lower ;
rates of interest before very long. ha\> qul« Uy j
absorbed very oon«id»-ral>It- amounttt of better ,
class railroad shnres. which were unduly tie- !
pressed by forced liquidation. This rendered
upward manipulation the -more r-aay. At. the
higher prices there was considerable profit
tak!njr. which is likely to increase as the rise
progresses, though thus far it has failed to
(heck the more hoptful feeling which is devel- j
opine Speculation, however. Is not confined
to the .--.'¦¦:. market. Cotton touched high
record prices on the short crop showing of the
Government report, and coffee now appears to
offer attractions to the speculatlvely minded.
As for cotton, it must h* said that white the
crop is unquestionably short the price has al
ready advanced considerably above normal, and
very soon the staple wiil have to face an in
evitable ehrlnkane in consumption. Coffee; on
the other hand, has been phenomenally low for
a dvriets of years, discouraging production to
a point that rr.'-ans shorter crops "-JThd better
prices until a larger growth i« obtained — a mi:
ter of reveral seasons, not months.
THE MONETART SITUATION.
"The moneUry situation is satisfactory.
Finn rates appear likely until after th<? Jan
uary disbursements or the middle of next
month, when easier conditions are . likely to
prevail.' Funds are now returning from the
crop sections, and bank reserves ought soon
to be strengthened by this and the import
movement. "Hie January investment demand
has «Jso to be taken into consideration, and is.
no doubt, one of the factors in the present
rise. A good deal of interest is ehown in the
Panama payment. Its effect trpon the mar
ket, however,' like all events foreseen, will
probably be Flight, for the reason that tl-.e
Government -will aim to disturb it as little as
possible, while bankers will make their pre
parations in advance. Evidently they see their
way clear ehead. or gold would not be Im
ported so freely.
"Indications point to Increased speculative ,
activity for a period, largely the result of re
action after extreme depression. There is no
likelihood, however, of any extreme advances,
but rather a gradual evening up of pricc« after
the leaders have risen to their limit. Pur
chase* should therefore be made with discrim
ination and profits secured 00 good advances."
Recent Crop Estimates.
The Orsnre Judj Farmer makes the eropi
of the United States for 1903 as follow?:
Wheat. 704.000.000 bushels; corn, 2.346.000.0*00,
bushels; oats. 823.000,000 busriels; rye. 31,800.-1
OO0 bushels; barley. 13«, 000,000 bushels; flax- •
BeM. 2C&00.000 bushels.
Broomhall cables. from Liverpool: "Russian I
statistics estimate xvinter wheat at 190.200 - j
000 buehels. compared with 222,232.000 bushels
last year. Winter rye crop, 829.000. 000 bushels. I
compared n-ith fc 12,01)0,000 buthelg !a*t year." !
«!20th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
The foliof.ing are the seasonal rainfall* :o I
date as compared ujth those of «ame date last j
etason arsd rainfall in last twenty-four hours:.!
Lasi This t- Last
Station* — 21 Hours. P^ason. Season
K-ureka ...- T_ : .- 14.14 JS 42 " i
T'.'.I Bluff 0.00 S.72 11.43
Ffn-ramenio t\.(tt\ r..l2 4 jfc
fan riTir.clseo .. 0.«n» 4.42 3.07
Trc.-ti'i 0.00 0.54 2.«7
< vArpi-nCr nc ... O.C> O.42 O.7.-»
F=n Luis <y,,.: ,-¦•¦ ¦ O.-n*- 1 O.44 - ;t.r,2
1x5* Anccljfi .... n.Oil O.4A 2.47
Fan LMfso ¦ O.«^i O.WT'^.'-g.Sl
TjFE~CO?\7T~RKCOnD. ~~ "
STATIONS. § . || \\l .|f • f~ ":?
: = 5 • '¦: §
: ? ? \ .: I •
Parallcn 30.17 M T.2 N"*V Clear X0 I
P.»l;t-r 30.42 40 20 KW Ci'rar .Of» j
Ctr»"5n 3O.34 4S 14 N Ciear -.00!
Eureka ."5tt.2<l 6ft 4«. NE Cloudy T. !
Frctno ...... .no. i« 68 32 N\V Clear .<« I
F!a,T5taTr :«0.34 <S 4 E Clear . .00:
Point Reyes, .r.0.10 M 47 " XW Clear .00 \
PoratflV, ?,0.42 40 10 SW Clear .00
lndepender.ee .30.12 C2 W KW Clrsr • .00
Los Accejes. .2O.f« 70 44 Z W Clear .00
Mt. Tamaip3is30.1C r.5 4« *S\V' Clear .00 l
rho'nfx ...»..1O.f»4 6« 40 W Clear .00
Portland 30.32 42 38 ¦ T. Clear .00
Tier] niuff ..\Wu.I2 64 36 N <:iear " .00
Roe-burs SO.S2 36 34 XV FofKT . -00
"acramrr.tD .SMA4 C8 40 N Clear. „• .00
: a.lt Lake ...W.SC .is £i NW Clear .00
5anFranclsco.3O.ifi r>8 * 4€ W Clear .00
!. L Obispo...J0.?l> 72 32 W Clear' - s .00 1
Uji Dleto ...30.0* Ai 50 NW Clear .00 1
The New York circular of Henry Clews f=ays
Indications That the Situation in
Wall Street Is Clearing.
MOXEY AXD STOCKS
Quotations for "Beans show; no. further
change.- .Llmas and Pinks continue firm, while
th«j other kinds are quiet.
UEANS— Oayos. $2 30@2 40; Pea, SI; flut
ters, $3 25; small White. 32 85<tf3; large
Whltr, $2 4G$£2 CO: Pink. $2 «5@2 75; Rea,
$3 CO; Lima, $3©3 15; Red Kidntye. $4@4 25;
B!nck<=ye. $2@*2 15 per ctl; Horse Beans, ?1 50
@2. ¦¦ * . ¦ . , . - - :.- .* •.. . .
SEEDS— Brown' Mustard.' $0; Yellow-Mus
tard, S2 «5®2 85; Flax, $1 80@I 00; . Canary,
tV H i,^c for Eastern; Alfalfa. U@14c; Rau?,
l%^Z t / 2 c; Timothy, C@«V«c; Hemp, 3>4@3Vic
per lb: Millet. "u@Z\<ic; Broom Corn Seed. $20®
23-per ton. ¦ \ : . •' • ¦
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 S0@2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds:
A>:c- York stocks, irregular, icitji a buoyant tone.
Business sti!! quiet on local stock exchanges.
Silver still fluctuating. Domestic Exchange firm.
Jl'lh-a! dud Barley show little -change.
Oafs in fair demand and steady. Corn still dull.
FecdsUtfis steady. Hav in cood shafyc for sellers.
AV> further variation in.,Bcans.
Butler still depressed am declining. Cheese very dull.
Eggs easy, ozcing to expected increase in production.
Fine cash demand for Cured Meats at Chicago. /
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
Supplies of Potatoes in excess of requirements.
Onions and Vegetables continue plentiful.
Poultry and Game still lower and very zi'cak.
A o new features to the Fruit market.
HIDES AND SKINS—^lls and brands sell
about - 1&C\ under 1 quo* it ions.' Heavy salted
Steers, 0c; medium. 8c: '«ght. 7?ic; Cow HW!<»9,
~~lc for hea^y and Ilii for llnht: Sta««. 5c;
Salted Klo. »c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
lOVa@l1c: dry Hides, 15c; dry Kip, 13c; dry
Ca'f, ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@30c each;
short Wool. -lt)(S60c each: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 lor lars? and $2#2 60 for medium, $1 25
@1 75 for. small and 50c for Colts; Hers*
Hides, dry. 81 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium. $1©1 25 fcr small and 50c for Colta.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 31c; dry raited
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American. 31c. Goat
Skins Prime Angoras/ 75c; large ami smooth.
50c; medium. 35c: small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4^c^ per Ib;
No. 2. 4c: grease, 2^@.1c.
! WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. 0@
lie; Middle CountiB ll@12c: Northern Free,
lli*?12c; Northern Defective, 10®llc; Humboldc
and Mendocino, 12@14c; Nevada, 13915c; Ore
gon Cne. -IStfMMc: Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS — 10(&"22c oer lb for California.
Hides, Wool, Tallow and Hops.
At Chicago futures were featurele*". with th
market purely a packers' affair. The cash
demand however. wa»' reported splendid.
This market continued quiet and unchanged.
CURED MKATS— Bacbn. 11 &c per lb for
heavy 12c for light : medium. 14c for light,
14'<.c for extra liaht. ISc for sugar-cured and
20c" for extra suear-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams 14c: California Hami, . 13ViO
13Uc; Mess Beef. $11 5O per. bbl: extra Mcs«.
$1°@12 50; Family. $13;prlme- Mes» Pork. $17;
extra clear.". $24: Mess,- $19; -Dry Salted Pork,
12cr Pis Pork. $2S; Pigs'" Feet. $5 25; SmatW
Beef, 15c p*r lb. ¦ " ' ' >^v- -
I^ARD — Tierces - quoted at 7 Vic per lb for
compound and Sk; for pure; half barrels, pure,
OVlc; 10-lb tins, 0%c; 5-lb tin?, 9%c; 3-lbtln9,
10c. ' '
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, S'ic: three
halt barrels, S^ic: one tierce. 8%c; two t!erc«>«,
8»«c; Hve tierces, Sric per lb.
Provisions.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is at
tracting a little better demand and the under
tone is a shade firmer. Common. 4@l%c;
prime, 5&5',!ic; choice. 59i«jti'4c; ' fancy, «%
Q'c. ¦ * -'- ¦¦•¦¦•
PRUNES — Steady at 2J4c to C'.ic for all
gradts. ' -
APRICOTS— Rule 6t?ady at 9@0>4c for
choice, S>*4©10»4c for extra choice and ll@15c
for fancy. ¦ . . -¦ , . • .
PEACHES — Continue quiet," .with choice
quoted at 7 1 ,i@7?ic, extra : choice at 7%<gSVic
and fancy at 0J4Q ! 10*4c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio cofTee, steady; mild,
firm.' Futures closed steady, unchanged to 5
points lower. Sales, 85,50<t bags, including:
January. 6. 40® 6. 50c; March, 6.70&6.S0C; May,
«.05&7.05c; July, 7.10^7.20c; September, 7..>0
® 7.40c.
SUGAR — Ra,w, nominal; refined, dull.
DRIED FRUITS.
WOOL — Firm
NEW YOP.K, Dec. 0. — FLOUR— Receipts,
30,257 barrels; export*, < 23.000 barrels. Market
quiet. •
WHEAT — Receipts, 71,715 bushels; exports.
12,330 bUfhflH. Spot, easy. 2 red, 00'ic
elevator; No. 2 red. 01 %c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth, S.'l%c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Manitoba, nominal, . f. o. b. alloat.
Options were steady to firm at flret on light
Northwestern recelcts, bullish monthly report,
further support from Chicago elevators and
local coverintr. At noon the very small in
crease in the world's stocks also helped the
bulls, but later prices crumbled away under
heavy Wall-street sellinc in Chicago, a break
In St. Louis and general unloading; closed ¦%&)
lc lower. May, 8!>V»'ij.S0 1 / £c, closed 85 3-l«ic;
July, 81«i«S82*ic, closed. 81 %cf- December, OOtP
aic. closed 00c.
HOPS—Steady
. HIDES— Steady.
New York Grain and. Produce.
•Am Locomotive ... 7C0 15*i MJs 1'>V»
Am Locomotive pfd .... -....- .... : 77 U
Am &melt & Ref.. 8,400 BO 4!) 49
Am Smelt & R pfd. 1.500 01 Vi "O'i - 00»»
Am Sugar Reflnlng. 7.90!) 125 124 124 \\
Anaconda Mln Co.. 1.200 82 V9>4 70V4
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 152,1100 O2Vt 47 51%
Cclo Fuel & Iron.. WO 28% 28% 2S
Columbus & H Coal 400 11% 11 Vi HVj
Consolidated Gas .. 1:5,000 183% I"9 18274
General Electric .. 2,000 166U 1<W 1C4
Internal Paper • 200 ll 1 /* 11 H
Internal Paper pfd. •••• ••
Internat Pump •••• . 25
Internet Pump pfd. ..: '• •-• '0
National Biscuit ... 1,200 37>4 £3«% 3'tt
National Lead .... 70« 1T>4 17' IO'/j
North American .. 200 76>a 76 70
Northern Securities .... s9 m
Pacific Mall ...... 100". 24?i 24?; 2514
People's Gas 6,200 .07% . «C% W>%
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 27% 27% 27
Pressed S Car pfd. 300 06% WJ?£ «><
Pullman Pal Car .... , •-•• - l *
Republic Steel 200 7 7 •
Republic Steel pfd. S00 42V4 4'- 42
Rubber Goods 1,200 18% 18^8 1S',4
Rubber Goods pfd. 200 72'/i 72^4 72
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2.*00 33 l «r KJi S 2 ?
U R Leather "00 'V, « Vi j\*
U S Leather pfd... 200 77T«, 77Vi <«^
U 8 Rubber W
V S Rubber pfd... 100 ,39 »? " 8 .,
U S Steel 10,200 11% 1H» 11%
U S Steel pfd es.800 BSVi &«% 5 " ,
Western Union ... 200 S7-»i 87 Si'.a
Total sales 000,100
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Dec. 0.— HQnd tranfactions of
United Railroads of San Francisco— COOO at
$75 37 i.i ; 5(KjO at ?75 50. • .
NEW. YORK BONDS. . "
U S ref 2s re«r..lC5% L & N' Uni 4s. .100ft
Do coup ....... 1C8«* Manhattan c g 4s.uri
Do Ss reg 107»i Hex Cent 4s .... '•>
Do coup .' 107U Do 1st inc. .... lO'/i
Do new 4s reg. 133% Minn & St L 4s. W%
Do coup 133% Mo K A T 4s... 06
Do old 4s reg.. 100 Do 2ds ........ <<
Do coup 110 N RR of M c 4s ,i\i
Do 5s reg ... ..10H4 NY Cent g .His. 0»'-i
Do coup 101% N J Cent g 5s.. 130 .
Atch gen 4s 100 >4 Northern Pac 4s.. 102 V-x
Do adjt 4s 87% Do 3s 70^
Atlantic C L : 4s. 03Va Nor & W con 4s. 0i
Balto * Ohio 4s.. 101 O S L 4s & Par. Wft
Do 3'^s 03 Penn conv 3%s.. 05%
Cent of Git 5s 1C4 Reading Gen 4s.. 9UJ,
Do 1st inc .... «7 St L & I Me 5s.llOV«
Ches & Ohio 4>-is.l02"i St L & S F fg 4s. 84 !4
Chi & Alton 3t*.s. 75V2lSt L S W lsts... 52Vi
C B & Q new 4s. Oi'.i Seaboard A L 4?. .1?*
C M & S P g 4B.110»i Southern Pac 4s. 87
Chi & N W c- 7s. 130ft Southern Ry 5s..li:i",j
CRl&PRR4s7O Tex & Pac lsts. 115
Do col 5s .... 70 Tol St L & W 4s. OS
CCCtSLg*! »5>4 Union Pac 4s....102Mj
Chi Term 4s ... 76 Do conv 4s 95^
Con Tobacco 4s.. 57U U S Steel 2d 5s. iOTs
Colo & So 4s ... 85 Wabash lsts HSji
Denver & R G 4s.l0» Do Deb B «0*4
Erie prior lien 4s. 08& Wheel & L E 4a. 87%
Do gen 4s 80 Wls Cent 4s .... SO
Ft W & D C lsts.lOt Colo F & I c 5s. 07
Hocking Val 4»4s.lOtiU \
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief . . 06
Alice 13 Ontario «» 00
lireece 10 Ophir 170
Brunswick Con . . 04 Phoenix . . . .- 04
Comstock Tunnel . 05 PotOFi ...'. .. -17
Con Cal & Va... 05 Savage ... 'M
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada 42
Iron Silver' .1 85 Small Hopes IS
Leadvllle Con 02 Standard 2 00
.BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westlngh Com.... 77U
Call 'loans- 6@C,ii Mining-
Time loans 5'//*;^. Adventure ....... » ¦
Bonds— Allouez 4', 4
Atchison 4s 09 Amalgamated ... 4U%
Mex Cent 4s «*> Daly West 86
Railroads— Bingham 22
Atchison 68% Calumet & Hecla.44o
- Do prefd ' S'2'j Centennial 1«U
Boston & Albany.245H Copper Range ... *>'s
Hoston & Maine. .l«S«ii Dominion Coal . . 7< t
Boston L 140 i Franklin '.?
N Y N H & H...HHi'i|Isle Ro.vale S
Fitchburg pfd . ...i::5>,i Mohawk ... 07
Union Paclffc ... 78 Old Dominion ... 0
Mexican Cent .. 0?4 Osceola w* ;;
Miscellaneous— Parrot 2O»
Amer Sugar 124 Quincy 85
Do j.refd 121 % Santa Fe Copper. 1-jg
Amer Tel & Tel. 12(1 Tamarack 00
Dominion I & S.. 8 Trinity .... 4;6
Mass Electric ... 20 United States... 1K-N
Do prefd 7<> Utah 1'OT-i
United Fruit 08»i Victoria 2',i
U S Steel ¦ HVi Winona • •.• • "7i
Do prefd 57 . Wolverine OS
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money*.. 88% N Y Central 123U
Do account 8»><i Nor & West tttJi
Anaconda .; 4 '4, Do prefd !»0
Atchison 71 % Ontario & West.. r^%
¦ Do prefd J>0 rennsylvanla .... tilji
Balto & Ohio 82% Rand Mines O'A
Canadian Pac 123V+ Reading 23%
Ches & Ohio 33% Do 1st prefd... 4l>
Chicago G W lH*i Do 2d prefd 31
Chl : Mil & S P..14SVj Southern Ry Ti%
DeHeers - 2«5i Do prefd . . 82
Denver & R Q.. 22% Southern Pac 4'.»V,
Do prefd 73>/« Union Pacific ... 81 V*
Erie 30 Do prefd »0^ t
Do 1st prefd... <iO% I* S Steel 12%
Do 2d prefd 51 Do prefd 50 : k
Illinois Central. ..135'^ Wabash 2U/3
Louis & Nash ..111 Do prefd .. 3'J
Mo Kan & Tex.. iH% ,- . .
Bar silver — Steady, 25%d per ounce.
Money — '.fUS'.t per cent. • . . .- •
The rate of discount in the open market for
shsrt bills Is 4 per cent and for three months 1
bills 3 15-10^4 per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Hay. market continues firm and in good. shape
for sellers.- The circular of Somers'&' Co. 1 says:
¦ .; '.'Hay shipments for the last- week show a'to
tal | of 255<> . tons, an ' increase '• in receipts over
the past week' of 950 tons. The situation • re
mains unchanged, however, for the interior de
mand is very good «and export trade . continues
faisly active, consequently prices are still hold-
Ing' firm at the range quoted last -week. Con
sumers of hay here, who filled up I their barns
during the summer and early fall, . are about
ready to go on the market again, and this,
with the large order • the - Government is ex
pected to place here, is sure to have its effect
on prices. Inquiries Jiave .been received lately
from many points where it was supposed they
had sufficient hay to last them through the
season,* and It may bo that before the season is
over hay will be shipped from here to unex-.
pected consumers. ¦ ¦ ' After considering ! these
facts carefully and remembering that the ton
nage of hay available to this market Is not
.very large, we cannct see but one outcome : to
the local hay situation and that is that prices
will advance, perhaps to a figure that will sur
prise not a few. •
••The good grades'pt wheat hay still const!-,
tute the bulk of present arrivals and are being
dlsf.osed cf readily. Alfalfa Is shipped in spar
ingly, but the (demand for this grade 'is not
very- brisk.- Straw is in Kood demand with
light -arrivoJe, ns - Is also « the case with . the
cheaper -grades of stable hav.".. , ¦. . - (
UHAN — $lu BO5x2« 51/ per ton. *
MIDDLINGS— $20 50g2(j 50 per' ton.
SHORTS— $10 C0@20 50 per ton.
JFEEDSTUFFS— llolley Barlty, $24©25 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $27@28 oO;
jobbing, $2<Jig':jO; Cocoanut Cake, $21«t22; Corn
Meal, $20030; Cracked Corn. $2»>O©30 50;
Mixed' Feed, $22 50«j2.i; Horse Beans, $3«XS40
per ton. • ¦
-HAV — Wheat, ?I4#1G 50; Wheat and Oat,
$13 5»i@l(i 50; Oat, $13@15; Wild Oat, $11 50®
V.l 50; Kirlpy, ?ii@KS; Stock. $10@ll ; Alfalfa.
$10^12 50 per' ton. ; '
STRAW — 10Q't5c per bale. /*-'•' ¦ v
¦ CHICAGO Dec 0. — CATTLE — Receipts. 27.'
000 Slow. 'Good' to prime steers, $5 20@«;
poor to medium. W 5064 70; Rtockers and feed
ers $2 10<fi4 15; cow*. *1 •» 0 ©^ 10: heifers. $2ifS
4 76; canners. ?1 50<a2 50; bulls, *2®4 35;
calv<s. $2 no®*!. ¦
HOGS — Receipts: To-day. 40.000; to-morrow.
35 000 Steady. Mixed and butchers. $4 25®
4 55- good to choice heavy. $4 35<g4 55: rough
heavy. $4 20<S4 30; light, J4 15(g4 45; bulk of
sales. $4 40®4 45. . .
SHEEP— Receipts. 22,000, Mieep. strong;
lambs, steady. Good to 'choice wethers. *4(S 1
4 25; fair to choice mixed. $:t 40'S:! 75: Western
sheep. $364 35: native lambs, $4S5 75; West
ern lambs, $l©5 40.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
| weakened. . On the decline a lot of wheat came ]
'out on stop loss orders and a sharp break fol- '
lowed. May selling off to blK@SlHc. a. drop.- of
•UiQ'lTkCrirom the high point.- Shorts" covered
freely at the lower level and steadied prices,
but final figures: were at a loss. May , being eft
%c at 81&C.V •, . -*, ; • . -...:
After opening a shade lower to %c higher at
42}i©*2%c to 42^0, May - corn sold ; between'
42V«fr42 : / t,c and 4.SV»c, closing at 42<&c.£ ."'¦-
The oats pit was partially deserted, but prices
-held comparatively steady throughout the. ses
sion. : May closed at 30 Vic. C
Provisions were ' strong under a good "de
mand, credited principally to shorts. Tnere was :
no special -feature to the trade. The selling J
was largely by packers. May pork closed 12&C
higher, lard was Oc. higher .and rib3 were up
o«<-«*&c .... . ¦-.-¦--. . • :;• . ¦;..
The, leading futures ranged as follows:'.;
Articles — Open. High. . Low. Close !
Wheat No. 2 — -• ¦ *¦ - - • : - - • .'
Dec. (new). 82 82*i : : go IS SO'i
May M",i .-«2%'-' Mft Kl> t
July . 77;« 7S 70% ' 7«%
Corn No. 2—
December '.. 40 : Ji , 41%. 40»i i *l»i '
Mny 42'f, ¦\M**;- ;42«,J," 42'V
July 42}i 13>/ 8 , _42Vi 41'^
¦ Oats No. 2— . ¦ ¦- ¦¦ .. ¦'¦ '-'••.'.•'¦•-' - ¦' ---'¦ ',
December. "34% 3*7i . ' 3I>4 34%-
May .......:.*..- :!« •' >.'SU«ii * *i-' :;5^ > %3«tt ¦
July. ........ V.. ¦ :e:%. X)',, - zi\>. 33%
- Mess Pork." per bbl — ' - ... " . • ,
January I". ..... U CO •"¦', 11 07 >V 11 00 • 1 1 05
Majs^..... ..11 25 11 42% 11 25 .11 40
Lard, yer 100 lbs— • *~ * : - =. ¦ •
January « 40 . . 0 40 fi 371J 6 37H
May ....- 0 45 U 55 « 45 0 62Vj
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January !> i»0 5 92'i - 5 00 5 00
May ..i. « O'Vi U 15 0 07"% U 12 'j
¦ Cash quotations were as follows:- Flour,
firm: No. 3 wheat, S2c; No. 2 red, S3>{.i@S6?ic;
1 No. 2 corn, 4lV$e; No. 2 yellow, 44c; No. 2 oats,
3H'i5?34%c; No. 3 white, .35&37c; No. 2 rye,
1 5«U4/51c;-good feeding; barley. .'HWT.TTcifalr to
1 chiicc maltlne. 4«fl5Sc; No. 1 fiaxseed. 01c;
No. 1 Northwestern, HSc; prime timothy seed.
?2 S5; mess pork, pur !>bl. ?11 25®11, ri"Vi; lard,
per 100 lbs, ?f> M'ViiJO 40; shcrt ribs sides
-Ooose) $dff(J 25: short cler.r sides (boxed).
$C12'^(SC25; whisky, basis of high wines,
%\ 27;- clover, .'contract grade. |li; \.i •
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ], 50,600 *. .28,200
Wheat, bushels J ,. . .I!»5.n00 52.300 J
Corn, bushels "i*-™? 5l -"22
Oats, bufhels 42 f' 1^ ) TS - 90 °
Rye bushels 14,200 • K.fiOO
Bailey, bushels J _ 1 - ..187,700 22,200.
On th«s Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creameries. 16025c;. dairies,
14i?17c- eses firm at mark, cases included,
24@2«%c; cheese, steady. 10@10»,4c.
j . Foreign Futures.
' ¦ LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— M 5 r f£.- May *
Opening ''S£%}% ** f* ,
Closing... ° 4 % <» -•/»
PARIS.
Wheat — T>ec - Mar. -June.
Opening *...... 20 70" .20 80
Closing 2070 20 S5
Flour — ¦ ¦
Opening ...".... 2S HO 27 95
Closing j.». 28 u 0 27 05
Available Grain Supplies.
¦ NEW YORK, Dec. a. — Special cable and tele
graphic advices received by nradstrcet's' show
the following changes in available supplies as
compared with last account:- . : : . , -^
Wheat United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies increase 2, lltt ; 0C0 Jjushela; afloat
for and in Europe, decrease l.fiOO.CCO bushels;
total sui>pl>v increase CO.1,000; bushels. -.:'¦ -. !
Corn United States and Canada, -east of. the
Rookies, increas- 152,000 bushels. -
Oatg vnited States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease l.tKS.CCO bushels. . .
251c. Seeded Raisins — 16-oz packages, fancy.
8c per lb; choice. 7"?4c: 12-oz packages, fancy.
tf%c; choice, t%c; in bulk, fancy. 7%e; choice.
'^TUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 13%@14c;
No. 2 l\}i<9V2c; No. 1 hardshell. \S9Vi\c;
No 2* mill l ,'-c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils*.
io4c for I X'l.. lOVic for Ne Plus Ultra and
8 s ic'for Lanxuedoc: Peanuts. V0"c for East
ern; Pecans. ll«13c: Oocoanut*. $4 50«5: Cali
fornia Chestnuts. 8« 10c per lb. and 10@Uc
f °HONET n lComb. lieijuTfor white andfl® 10c
for amber: water white extracted. 5®5',§c:
light amber extracted. 4^*J9c: dark. 3» a *y4c.
..BKESWAX— 27@20c per lb.
THE SAN FRANGISeO>CALL, THURSDAY, .DECEMBER ;10 ? 1903.
3>t.e&t\tfU 0JM Uwdj' *mA. uncban**t ' "Ac
//ay aiitf < Feedstuff s.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13IKE SAN KKAi\ClSLU CALL, ;.;l-HUKSDAY;:i : PECiJ.v\IBEK,,-ip,; ; 1903.
14
i BV SI S iES y CII A .\ CE S. ,
I K. U. WILKK. Real Estate and Business
, Atent lestablished 14 years). SUH Kearny
I .. it., rccrr.s 0 and 10.
; A 11400 COFFEE saloon and " rentanmnt nn
I the water front, cloise to Market *t.: dMly
I tecclpts about Jti-"); business clearing (300 p»r
I rr.inth: trial given: a splendid offer: investi-
' rate at oner. See P.. G. WILKE. 20 'i
Kearnj- et.
A— $3500; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms.
In Point Richmond; rent $100: rooms always
cceup><J by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Comoany; board bill guaranteed by
company: owner ntver clears less than f3(K>
per mentb. Call K. G. WILKE.- 2CH
Krarny it.
A— 1900; SALOON on water front, with » fur-
nifhed rooms; 3 Iron bedsteads in each room;
"Vj years', lease; pent $45; rooms atone pay
$70 per month and naioon dcing a good busi-
tm. Eee It. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— fMt>: EMPLOYMENT offlce. doing a good*
business; roust be sold at once on account
ef strkness In owner's family. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2«Vt Kearny st
A— $1800; HALF interest In one of the best
corner faloons on water front; lease; dis-
erreeinent cf partners t«iuse of sale; will
cell whole for S343O. Call Jl. G. WILKt?.
-«Vi Kearny st.
A— $1250; CORNER saloon on Fourth st., close
to S. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen: a good paying business. See
R. <;. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — $MX>; DAIRY* produce and delicatessen
rtore; rent S22: business clean above $100
per raontb: living: rooms; value la sight.
Call R. O. WILKE. 20H Kearny st.
A— $2000; SAIXX>N on Kearny St., about 2
blocks from Chronicle building; place estab-
lished years and doing a good business: or
one Gartner will cell his interest for $1000:
disagreement cause of sale. Eee R. C.
WILKE. 2C*4 Kesrny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery; close to
Phelan building; a good paying business,
but mu't be sacrificed on account of owner
being, sick In boenltal. Particulars R. G.
WILKK. 2t^ Kearny »t.
A— $3250; LEADING saloon on Market and
Maeon Sts.: net rent $150; lease with priv-
ilege of S rears more; value tn sight. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $C60; CIGAR stand cm Montgomery St.; a
$700 cigar stand on Ellis St.; stock at In-
voice; a $200 cigar stand on Third Et. : stock
at invoice: a $400 cigar stand on Eddy st..
Bttck at Invoice. Call R. G. WILKE. M\i
Kearny st.
A— $1250; COFFEE saloon on Geary st.; xent |
$45. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearr.y st. ¦•
A WHOLESALE an* retail butcher business
In Monterey County, with 5 acres of land,
dwelling house, slaughter house; shop fix- I
tures. boiler, tanks, etc.; S horses, wagons
end a well established trade; this is a first-
I lass businecs proposition. All particulars,
R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A $3500 corner salocn. about 1 block south :
of Chronicle bldg.: established years and a !
first-class paying place; fullest investigation j
toIicKed: this Is a very rare chance. Call •
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. 1
STRANGERS. ATTENTION! j
Are you looking for a 6afe and profitable bust. ,
ness opening in San Francisco? If so. we can
offer you any number requiring an investment ;
from $100 to $50,000: every business oppor- ;
tunity that parses through our offlce must I
stand the closest investigation, and we can
i lace you in a store, factory, hotel, mill; of-
fice. <ir, in fact, any business you may prefer;
kindly mil and investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A^ MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish 10 enlarge your business, or do ;
you jesire additional capital? If so, we can
furr.Ssh you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our book* seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Bult 321. Emma Spreckels building.
FOR sale or to lease for term of years; weil-
knorvn established health resort in Lake Co.,
including :;ti furnikhed rooms, barn, several
valuable mineral springs, plenty fresh water;
property is 5 minutes' walk from Bartlett
f-'f>iingB Hotel. Call at 1100 McAllister et. to
see owner, or address, with references, MRS.
HOPPIN. Bartlett Springs. Cal.
A Rare Opportunity.
$7r>0 Ul'TS fancy goods and picture store; old
fftablinhed. doing business of $4000 a year;
bi? bargain. See MURRAY & CO., 972
Uroadway, Oakland.
WANTED — Sfady young man with $350.
partner; will establish good business; ?30 a
week and ever guaranteed; rare chance.
MURRAY & CO., 972 Broadway. Oakland.
Tl'RF — You know you can't beat the book!
If you want to make quick money get on the
right side. We are receiving subscriptions to
'•omplete book en Frisco track. For particu-
lars, box 3754. Call offlce.
HAVE you anything to sell or money to invest?
Write us for particulars; egents everywhere.
Altadena Investment Syndicate, 708 Market
st.. San Francisco, Cal. '
A — WORKINGMAN'S boarding-house; good lo-
cation; low r«*nt; steady boarders; no agents.
Box 2S03. Call offlce.
Tl'RF — I have $2000 or more to invest with 2
cr more parties with equal amount in bock-
. making on Frisco track. Box :!T.V>. Call.
FOR .'ale — A gun and birycle housp; good lo-
ratlon and busin<-«s: rrood reason for selling.
For terms apply 823 J el., Sacramento. Cal.
8AI>OON and erocery for sale; cor. of Fifteenth
ave. and Q st. South; established 14 years.
WANTED — Drug store in country town; not
over $3000. 1821 Haste St.. Berkeley.
J25C0 WILL easily earn $25,000 in 2 years; no
fake. Box 31 4S. Call.
$135— CIGAR stand for sale: 853 Howard; too
closo confinement the rain'.; rent $10 month.
$1750— BUTCHER business; clears over $S per
day: no agents. Box 3123. Call office.
GROCERY and bar fcr sale. Western Addition.
Address I. W. B.. box 3111. Call offlce.
GROCERY and bar for sale; price $1500. 124
Pavlg st.
DinUS, DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds of tong and. fancy birds; goldfish, seed
rages, etc. Give us a trial; we will please
you. 1540 Market st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN*.
WANTED — To care for a child by a com-
petent woman: has own home. 1714 I et.,
bet. 18th and 19th aves.. Sunset district.
LODGINU-IIOUSES FOIL SALE.
A? CAMERON & CX>.. " Phone 1050.
:i Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
23 r. : near Market: lease: $600 down.. $2250
tffl r. ; rent $300: Market; clears $300 mo. 3O<Hl
7 r.: Van Ness; rent $22 50; home...... 223
20 r. ; new. mod., elegantly -furnished. . 25OO
II p.; rent $G0; new; fine fur.; clears $47 850
S r. ; Kills; rent $35; fine home; snap.. 550
t* r. ; cheap rent; clears $300 to $400. &Kn>
30 r. ; rent $95; good fur.; clears $100. 1'ikmi
12 r.; rent $40; close in; well fur COO
8 r.; ujj. flat; everything mod.; departure 760
3 r. ; rent $20; cor. flat; Leav.; snap.... 223
20 r.; new house; furniture: clears $80 25On
8 r. ; rents $50; modern; finely furn fiOO
a r.; rent $S0: lease; clears $100 :. 17<*»
11 r. ; Kddy;rent $5O;wellfur. ;clears $38 750
34 r. ; fine; downtown; makes big money 3200
8 r. : rent $12; modern flat; elegant fur.. 400
1* r.; rent $75; osk fur.; good carpets. 000
12 r.: close In; well fur.; bargain 1 10'»
18 r. ; fine corner; new and elegantly fur 2400
17 r. ; downtown; always full; clears $115 1600
8 r. : close In; rolden oak; moquet car-
pets, hair mattresses; cost $1500; Inc.
$68: snap 800
7 p.; rent $40; middle flat; oak fur S6O
21 r.;rent $S5;well fur.;lease;clears $100 1700!
J4 r.; cheap rent; good fur.; snap (500 ;
11 r.; rent $40; newly renov.; clear $43 COO
17 r.: central: Post; part cash lio<>
44 r.; rent $44; big money-maker...... 3000
S3 r. ; rent $70: oak fur.; leaving city.. 1350
CO r. ; new, mod. building; elegantly fur.;
central; long lease: must be sold: offer
wanted -
10 r. : mod. flat; elegant fur.';clears $54;
cost $2200; will sacrifice; must leave
city
S r. ; flat; rent $40; mod. ;clears $iS; de-
parture '. 450 '
HEADQUARTER? FOR LODGING-HOUSES.
C. E. HIN'KLEY.
1C20- MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH.
PHONE MINT 796.
Carriares for Customers.
CLEAR TITLES GUARANTEED.
BUYER AND SELLER PROTECTED.
13 rooms; Mission St.; rent $50 $550
20 rooms;. rent $55; snap 1200
12 rooms: north of Market; rent $40... fiOO
Jl rooms; Eddy St.; rent $50 «00
€0 rooms; transient; liquor license 2700
4> rooms; Pout Et.; rent S32; only 250
0 rooms: Sutter Ft.; 3 unfurnished..... 350
GRAND CORNER, 100 room*, flrst floor,
offlce; lease; low rent; clears $503 monthly;
tome. country transient. See this first-class
proposition. H1NKLET, 1020 Market gt. .
20 ROOMS; new; rent only $90; 3 years' lease;
clears, $100;- good carpets;, oak furniture;
every room sunny; large yard. HINKLEY. , j
MODERN apartment-house; 44 "rooms: rent 1
$240; guaranteed to --lear $200; .1 and 4 room
. apartments: elegantly furnished. See my
agent. C. E. HINKLEY. '
120 ROOMS; rent less than $5 a room; up to
date tn every respect: finely furnished ;. books
oprn; clears $350 to $4C0 monthly; $0000- part
¦ cash. HINKLEY. 1020 Market ft. ,
WORKINGMEN'S bouse: 20 rooms; one, floor;
electric UshtR; rent $10; amazingly :ow price
$U5O. HINKLEY. 1020 Market St., opp. 5tb.
DENTISTS.
D^r^GRL r SS~604^B-8"Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister iu., uses the Basford Obtun.
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling- and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at offlce. ¦
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
• —No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting SOc; gaa given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings. SOc;
plates. $5; full eet; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
'< A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM, eurgeon dentist,
room 14. Phelan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Ket teeth <1 CO up; crowns $2 up; flilmgs 25c.
GOLD filline?. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. J2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
itKRSSMAKKKS A.\D M^AMSTK^NtCiS
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory- W Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
. Patternw cut to measure :eve.clasg. 1019 Mrkt.
KDPCATIONAL.
TTeALD'S B^USINESS~^oTL^G^r24^pbsT\^r
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages.* telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st. ; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalcgue free: life scholar*
ihlp. JJiO; day and evening sessions. |
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough ethool"; positions secured 'for
graduates; modern methods: individual in-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school . of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine ar.d California; both adult an4
children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
' ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Pbelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost institution of the kind in the entire
West: 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Na-
tlre Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason st.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1230
Market et. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln., inechu. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City UalJ.
R. DELINESTRI. 701 Stockton st.. gives les-
I sons In wood-carving (figure and ornament)
I to any lady or gentleman at her or his home.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty.24 Post
et.. S. F. ; a practical school ot engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue iree.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evga., Teutonla Hall. Howard st., nr.
9th. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTINU.
Saratoga Hall. 640 Geary St.; call 2 to 5.
I SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION... Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post «t?Mie7r~B^sh~i33^
. Japanese-Chinese employment offlce: fur-
nlshea best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 428 Powell. TeL Main 5752.
! A— GRAND Japanese-Chlneue Emp. Offlce. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1CS; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 313 Stockton: Main 6188.
JAPANESE Henry Housecleanlng Co. Tel.
James ]Q1. 2tai»4 Brannan St. * .
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411VS O'Farrell: tel. East 428.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
TpI. Main 1!>97. BRADLEY * CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-— FEMALE.
'AN American clrl; first-class cook; best city
references. MRP. NORTON, 31:; Sutter st. .
A WOMAN wifhes work by the day. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter St.; tel. Green 721:
A COMPETENT woman wishes place as house,
keeper or chamberwork. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter gt. .
AMERICAN woman wonts work toy the. day:
is willing; guarantees satisfaction; carpet
a specialty; ' fine laundress; $125
_ 'day. 174 Fourth st.. room 10: car fare.
A GOOD German cook wishes n situation, light
housework in a small family. 477 Jessie 8t.,
near Sixth, - - .
A STRONG Gfrman lady would like work for
Saturday, house and window cleaning. Box
4S44, Call offlce. ' ¦ . .
AN experienced woman desires work by the
day or half days, houpeclcanlns or window-
washing, or any kind of work. 40 Ivy ave.
AN experienced nurse desires position taking
care of sick perpon: tx-st references given.
Address Nurse, ¦ San Mateo.
WOMAN wishes work by day; SI 00 and car
fare. 118J.J Wlldey ave.
BY expert, fitting In cloak and suit (8:30 or 0
o'clock) house, or assistant fitter or cutter, or
¦ l)reparinp work for flrst.-class private dress-
maker. Box 3782. Call office.
YOUNG lady, thoroughly, competent and ex-
perienced stenographer and typewriter, high-
i- est references dexlrc3 position, in. or out of
city. Vox 3730. Call office. '
AN American woman, wants a ,plac"o as work-
ing housekeeper;- no objection to' cooking. for
¦•• hired men or take' charge of rooming-house.
Box 37S0,' Call office. ' ;,.-- -.---'
ARTISTIC dressmaker is open for engagement
as forelady: no objection ' to San Jose or
' neighboring towns. MADAME DORE. box
_ -3717.-; Can. : -.' : -,•.-. ¦ ¦; -••..:.-> :-' :,-, -' ¦.
POSITION as ladies' " nurse or companion by
: Intelligent,- experienced middle-aged woman.'
Box 3155,1 Call. t; ;
GERMAN woman would like to work by the
; day. washing and Ironing. Address 316 Pros-
pect ave. .¦¦¦.. ..'¦¦¦: -* ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦.-¦-.;¦
GOOD German .cook wants situation , in prl-
vate family; wages' $30. 234 Minna St., bet.
Third and Fourth. ,! ,
SITUATION > wanted • by rapid ' RemlnKton op-
. era tor ; 6 years' . Insurance and ; other expe-
..-. rlence.. ' .Box : 3741; Call. - V- • }.-¦ " : . :
MIDDLE-AGED , woman . would like washing,
ironing or house cleaning to do; $1 B0 day;
good work done. 'Box 3161," Call.' :, ¦
FIRST-CLASS German I cook wishes situation.
:\5W Stockton et.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED-^FEMALE.
WOMAN wants work by day; $1 60 per day
and carfare. MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes St..
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscription? baa been established at 1003
Valencia st. ; • •- - ,
EJIPLOYMEXT WAXTED MALE.
BARBER desires a position for evening* and
Saturday iSunday). Hlo Larkin St.. near
California. Call before 0 a. m., between 3
and 4:30 and after 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
POSITION wanted— A reliable married man:
„ understands care of horses, ¦ carriages and
harness and can milk: wife good cook and
laundress; reference. S. D., 77 Ninth st.
STEADY, sofcer man. 25, just from back~East.
Canada, wishes to work in a creamery to
learn butter- making-. Box 4843, Call.
A YOUXG man wishes position as helper in a
machine shoo: Rood references. Address 41
Natoma St., between First and Second.
YOUNG German, 27 years old. would like any
kind of offlce or store work or any other
work. Box 3753, Call. .
EXPERIENCED' Janitor wishes position : .no
children; understands engine and boilers.
Box 3100. Call offlce.
AN energetic man, with knowledge of four
languages — English, Spanish, French and
Italian — desires a position with some busi-
ness llrm or corporation; to foreign country
preferred — Central America. Cuba or Phil-
ippine Islands. Box 3748, Call.
COACHMAN wants position; thorough with
horses, carriages, etc.; careful driver: sin-
gle, middle-aged: city or country; best ref-
tren-%9; understands gardening. Address
G. R., box 3720. Calj offlce.
COACHMAN with lone experience in any kina
of work around horses, with a son 15
years old and rmart for horses, also a strong
I and healthy woman for housework. Box
3783, Call. . , , - j
PRACTICAL, planing mill man wishes pcsl-
tlon 39 assistant foreman in hirer mill;
held placef as manager of small mill U years;
salary not principal object. Address F. K.
HOFFMAN. 3333 Twenty-sixth «t.
WANTED — By man and wife. Janitor or <»ny
place of trust: man good gardener; wife gen-
eral work and cooking; excellent references.
Bor 877, Call pfflc. San Francisco.
SITUATION wanted by an energetic young
man, capable of handling mining proposl-
' tlons, placer or quartz; no objections to go
ing to Mexico. Address box 3113, Call.
POSITION wanted — A reliable married man;
1 understands care of horses, carrlazea and
harness and can milk; wife good cook and
. laundress: reference. S. D.. 77 Ninth st. ¦ j
WANTED — Situation in San Francisco whole-
sale grocery house by young 1 man with Puget
Sound references. Address box -3745, Call.
WANTED — By an experienced young colored
man. a position as porter or Janitor; best of
reference. Box 3747, Call.
ENERGETIC young man desires position with
wholesale firm or corporation; moderate sal-
ary to start. Address I.INDON. 415 Mason.
STEADT. reliable Scandinavian wants work of
any kind: can drive and care for horses.
Address box 3149, Call.
WANTED — Position by a registered pharma-
cist. Box 3170. Call.
GOOD cook, also pastry cook, wants position.
Box 3742. Call.
A YOUNG man, preeser, wants position where
he can learn to make pants. Box 2S78, Call.
FOREMAN on 1 ranch and also a good black-
' smith wants a position. Box 3710. Call.
YOUNG man would like work of some kind
_ evenings. E. BERG. IS Franklin at. .
HONKST Japanese boy wants.a place as school
boy: speaks English; understands, house-
work. I. HASHIMOTO. S07 Polk St.. Japan-
ese Mission.. • •
A. JAPANESE would liko a position as gchool-
boy; speak* good English: also understands
cooking. KURODA. l>10 Pine tl.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position in a
small family; can cook well. HENRY, 143tJ
Tagj Bt. :tcl. Park 801.
A JAPANESE boy wants position to do any
kind of work In evening or mornlns. Ad-
: dress K. P.. 807 Folk tt.; phone Polk 3S02.
GOOD JcDanese wants a position to do half-
, day general houeework;"$2 00 week. HASH1,
121 Halcht st. Tel. Kelt -7931.
HONEST young Japanese wishes position
where he can pet time to study In certain
; hours of day. Box 3138, Call office.-.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.received at Call branch of flee. 2200 FH'.more st. I
A 1IRANCII office for Call advertisements and
FUhscriptlons has been established at 109U
Valmrln st. •' '.
• , FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
rervlce absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will cave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-239 Geary
1 »t.. on the square.
ALL. of the most desirable flats and. bouses are
listed In our renting department: let us give
- you a list and help you find oce In the loca>
- tion- you want.' 8TERLING •FX.'RNITURD
COMPANY. 1030 Market «t.; services abso-
lutely free. ¦
UNION,' 1065, near Leavenworth — Upper flat 6
rooms and bath; lots of. light and eun: fine
marine view; first-class condition; $30; water
.¦;' .- ....¦¦.'... ¦ -
PLATS TO I,ET— KDtlMSHED.
SUNN Y. 5-room ¦ flat, completely furnished; p|-
- ano. gas and coal range. Box 3785, Call..'. .
DIAMOND, 1 819— Flat -5 of - 3 furnis'hed rooms'
¦ hot and cold water; <10. ;;;,
'^.L'ATS^POR -laALE— FliRKIS IIED.
NICE sunny furnished flat. 7^ rooms and I bath::
'. ¦ reasonable; on account of alckneas. 625 Post, j
FOB' BALE. v
HOWARD. 1235^-New flat. of 5 rooms and bath
for : rent and furniture to erll at a ' sacrifice •
party going away. -.;¦¦¦• .: .....,„ Jf*^'
FtRMTllUiWANTED.;-
HIGHEST price tor furniture and mds« L. H
¦ . BURP, auctloneer.1818 Mkt. Uet.Howard 273«!
a: WOLLPERT,;773 Mission. ; phone Red UVi
; buyg. rents/ repairs/ packs furniture, carpets.
'ITU WW To Want Ad
ff S\,B2?m> Patrons.
PUBLISHER
THE SUNDAY CALL has completed an arrangement whereby Its Want
Advertisers may obtain ¦ without additional cost a full size copy of the
famous group picture of all the Presidents cf the United States.
A Genuine Photogravure Reproduction From the
Original Oil Painting. Full Size of Photogravure •
' 16x20 inches. Copyrighted f90l, All Rights Reserved
Presidents of the United States.
ARTISTIC. PATRIOTIC. HISTORIC.
. Every art lover and every patriotic American should own this magnifi-
cent photogravure reproduction from the famous oil painting.
The Portraits of the Presidents
Were painted from the most authentic originals, and In point of expres-
sion and fidelity in the matter of dress each is a -masterpiece. In the back-
grounds are
Fourteen Typical Scenes in American History
Beginning with the L-ib"erty Bell, as if sounding the note of American In-
dependence, and closing with Admiral Dewey's Victory at Manila, while
over all are draped the graceful folds of the Stars and Stripes. The pic-
ture is reproduced by the photogravure process on the finest quality of
heavy plate pnper and is not a cheap steel engraving.
GIVXN AWAY TO AI.I, WANT ADVERTISERS IN THE
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Erin? your little Want Ad. to The Call Business Offlce. Third and
Market streets; 1008 Market street, city, and to The Call Branch at
1118 Broadway, Oakland, and ret one of these beautiful premiums
absolutely free. , ' . .
This effer opens Friday morning- and closes Saturday night at 10
¦, o'clock sharp. ; ¦ •
117 THESE COLUMNS YOU CAN SELL YOUR WASES AND .
- GAIN YOUS WANTS.
~ "' FiyAXCIAL."
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and sioc*
floated. W. H. UITTNER.- Lawyer and F.- j
nancial Agent. :t22 Emma SpreckeU bidir.
[ PACXAIi MAS3AQE. - i
A— WHINKLES removed; Dn« complexion guar-
' anteed. tew method: 60c. M. LUTON. manl-
cunng parlors. 764 Larkln St.; phone Polk 1..
I HELP WASTED — KE M A . LE.
A^THE^OMESTIC CLUB,
233 Geary St., room 36. 1
Chambermaid, experienced, for new hotel.
just lurnishing. room out *-*,
Waitress, first-class hotel, uniform «'-o
Cook, little wash, second girl ktpt iM
General housework,- I* in family, splendid
hojne Swedish or German f^> to $J0
General housework, 3 In family.' s*nall house.
light wash, every accommodation, every
Sunday afternoon off $3J 1
WANTED— 2 cooks. $30; cook, 20 ptople. $30;
cook on ranch. $J0; 2 second gir'a, *13. $20;
2 chambermaids and waitresses lor country
hotels $25; infant's nurse, $25; 2 nursiglrls,
$15, $25; housework, San Hafael. «25; house-
work, 2 in family. San Mateo. $25; laun-
dress, $30; cook, Sausalito. *30; chamber-
maid and seamstress. $25; 44 gen-ral hous?-
I A work girls at $20. $^5. $30. Appry to J. F.
CROSETT &. CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED at San Francisco Employment Bu-
reau. 17 Fourth St.. phone Grant 26 — Sick
nurse, city; girl for light housework. $15:
companion for lady. $15: Swedish girl for
housework of 2, city. $20; Swedish ctrl for
housework of 4 adults, city. $25; flrst-clasd
\ woman cook for Oakland restaurant: sales-
ladies, fancy department. Oakland, $6 week.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
Head waitress, country. $33. '
100 SALESLADIES. t
' 100 SALESLADIES.
10O SALESLADIES.
!
100 experienced salesladies wanted at once.
Apply Wednesday and Thursday mornings. 9 t->
P. superintendent's offlce. THE EMPORIUM.
WANTED AT ONCE.
WANTED AT ONCE.
WANTED AT ONCE.
I A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdr««slng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary St.. room IX
j A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $10; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdreastng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 123* Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS * CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST: AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home evenings or spare time and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned: materials free; Inclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co., No.
W4. Ninth St., Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young lady who is a flrst-clasa mu-
sician and who can read music at sight. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
A YOUNG lady to learn the removal of super-
fluous hair to be assictant to a doctor. 1170
Market St.. rooms 2S and 29, from 1 to 4
p. m.
WANTED — Girl for housework; $20 to $25. 31
. Cumberland St.. bet. Nineteenth and Twen-
• tieth, Guerrero and Dolores.
YOUNG women, experienced as cashiers, want-
ed at once. Apply superintendent's offlce.
The Emporium.
SALESLADIES wanted. Call at J. M. LEVEE
& CO.'S. cor. Powell and Geary sts.
WANTED — Good eirl to help In kitchen; $20
and room. 145 Fifth s(U
CASHIER: must understand bookkeeping. II. \
LESSER. 915 Market st. j
wVnTED — A refined business woman for very
desirable ro»ltlon to travel. Box 3157. Call.
3 SALESLADIES for stationery store; wage*
$4. Cell Branch, 220O FlHmore St.
WANTED — Young girl for housework and as-
sist in oakery. Apply Globe Bakery. 30C5 16th.
LADIES to learn barber trade In S weeks «nd
ladles' halrdresslng In 4 weeks; manicuring
and facial massaga also taught in shortest
time. Mohler System College. «35 Clay -it.
WANTED — Girl to assist in offlce: wages $7
per week. Address box 3751. Call.
WANTED — Business woman for position out
of city: must be neat and responsible. Op-
por tunity_tox3151__Cai_.
WANTED — A tobacco stripper. 3172 Sixteenth
street. ;
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M G. Earrett. instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH- offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion ot advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100* Market fct.. opposite
Fifth. Or>en until 11 D. m.
HELP WAXTED — MALE.
A^^^'^r^/^TBrTA^O^rAGENCY^
63S Commercial st. Phone Front 39.
Ryndon. Nev. — Free Fare.
2." tunnel men. .. ..$2 50 a day
50 laborers and muckers, $2 to $2 23 a day
NEW RAILROAD WORK.' - . " ;
20 six and eight horse teamsters, $2 SO a day
20 2 ana 4 horse teamsters. $2 to $2 25 a day
60 plow-holders and laborers. $2 25. $2 day
"E. & B." LABOR AGENCY.
G3S Commercial st. Phone Front 39.
J. WEISE. cook, pleas«e call; cook and wife,
country. $105 and found; cook, country hotel,
$75 and found; man and wife, private fam-
ily, $50 and found; 2 pruners, $1 25 day and
found; 2 men to raise beans on shares; and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., C28 Sac-
ramento st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2C Montgomery, r. 12—
Nl*ht clerk, city. $25; colored waiter. $32.
__ , _ _ __
1 Men to learn the barber trade in two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
College, 635 Clay st.
SALESMEN wanted for men's and boys" fur-
nishing goofls departments; must have good
references and be experienced In these lines.
Apply to S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market St.
YOUNG men everywhere: copy letters home
evenings; $0 50 week. Send addressed envel-
ope for particulars. Manager Dept. W4, box
1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
toled when you can set It done for 25c. SOc
and 60c while you wait at 6R3 Mission at.,
bet. 1st and Zd sts.. or 11 Third st. ?
WANTED — Bright young man as ralesman for
boys' clothing. Apply superintendent's of-
fice. The Emporium. '
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
__4?7 and 473 Parrott building. \
BOY with some knowledge of bakery work
wanted; German preferred. 413 Third st.
DOY In printing offlce. 543 q'ay st.
STRONG boy wanted. 1103 Market st.
WANTED — Younsr man butcher. Apply Sono-
ma Market. 1307 Polk st.
WANTED— First-class picture frame - maker.
Apply superintendent's office. The Emporium.
AN experienced dishwasher In small restaurant;
$0 week; half day Sunday. 2585. Market st.
A MAN to drive one horse end general work.
Call COO Haight st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes. $¦? 60; best shoes on earth. It
.Third St.. Exam. bldg.. 6 doors from Market.
CLOTHING salesman; none but thoroughly
¦ experienced men need apply. S. N. WOOD
, & CO.; 740 Market st.
WILLING, honest man, outside and offlce;
$250. required: some collecting 1 . Room 8, 18
Montgomery si.
-WOULD like to buy a barber shop, not less
than three chairs, centrally located. Box
3750. Call offlce.
BARBERS — Best 4-chalr barber shop for sale;
in . the finest location In the city. Inquire
H. BERNART. 104 Seventh st.
FOR sale — Barber shop; bargain. 2321 A!a-
'¦_. meda ave.. Alameda.
BARBERS— 2-chair shop for sale; snap if sold
by Thursday. 1 % Polk st.
2-CHAJR. barber shop: -town of. 800. For par-
' tlculars. H. E. HART. Guernarllie. Cal.:
FOR sale — 1 barber chair. 4 oak sitting. 1 mlr-
ror. boiler, pole; cheap. 303^ Brodertck.
SEAMEN for Australia and Europe; also green
I hands tor whaling. HERMAN'S, 29 Steuart.
THB^CALL
JOHN D. SPEECgELS, Proprietor.
Kiita icniisicatisss'ia JOBS KcSADGHT. Kasager
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager.
Th'LlirhUNK.
p_l »or THE CALL. The Operator Will Con
r.ect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S- F.
Editorial Roorcs 217 to 221 Stevenson et.
Delivered t>y Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 73
Of. Per Month. Single" Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage tCasfc Witn
Order): . ,_ M
DAILY CALL <inc)ud. Sunday). 1 Tear $8.00
PAJLY CALL tinclud. Sunday). « roos 4.00
1>AILY CALL— By Single Month.. ••*
MNDAY CALL. 1 Ytar 2 - 5 *
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year , l °°
FORFIGN' I l>ally...$8.S0 Per Year Extra
prc-rArp fcund.y.. 4-15 Pfr Tear Extra
PCfcTAGi" I Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra)
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZEL
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
CasipJe Copies will be forwarfled when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change of ad-
dress thould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct- compliance with their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephol«e Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
S14S Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
tlORTON K. CRANE 1406 O Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
t;ue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Pa!njer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATTVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS...Marquette Building
(Lcr.g Distance Telephone. 'Ventral 2619.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BrflNESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
20OS Market etreet; open until 11 p. m.
627 Montromery street, corner Clay; open un-
til 8:30 v. tn.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
fiS9 McAllister 6treet; open until 9:30 p. m.
lP41^1i«slcn etreet; open until 10 p. m.
f.I5 Larkln etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til » o. m.
JCtf Eleventh Ftreet ; open until 9 p. m.
1086 Valencia etreet: open until 0 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
rpen until 9 d. rn.
JCorthwert corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets: op^n untfl 9 p. m.
~wi riiin>on> ptrwt: orv»~ i.^ki «> n. m.
OHCnCH KEnVICF.3,
EVANGELISTS~McCLURE from Ireland and
Blair from Aurtralia will hold special meet-
ings every evening this week at 7:45 at
Gospel Hall. 3036 Sixteenth Ft., near Valen-
cia. Everybody cordially Invited. No col-
lectior*.
MEETIXGS THEOSOrUICAL.
fie^r E»ryptian. Ifindco occult; reads daily: cir-
cleg Wed..Frt*Sun.. S p.m.: 10c. 540 Ellis St.
MEETING NOTICES.
OFFICERS and members of San Iti-miI
Francisco Coneiytory No. 1, A. jIhP
and A. S. Kite of Freemasonry. fJuJBRLra '
arc requested to afsemble .u ifawBBfc^rfl '
Maronii Templf < n THl'RS- i^^^Ss^Si '
PAY. December lu. at l2*Q a W^*
o'clock to take :art in the nJB>
funeral obsequies of our tate
brother, THOMAS RIDLINGTON, Thlrty-
itecond Degree, under the aufpioes of Occi- i
der.ta! LocSc No. 22, F. and A. M. !
. HENRY BURNER. Reiristrar. <
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena M |
Lodge of Pfrfertlcn No. 1, A. and A. J^ 1
Ktvittifh Rite of Freemasonry, will be /Jyjk I
: ' '•: in Commander}' Hall. Masonic <JStJ I
Temple, en THURSDAY EVENING. Decent- j
ber Im. 15««. at 8 o'clock. Degree 5. j
VisStire brethren cordially invited. ( :
HENRY 1JCHNER, Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R A M.— a
t-p^-Jal meetins THIS (THl'RSDAy)VY
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Royal Arch/V\
Dejrree. By order of the H. P.
JXO. R. HII_MAX. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA lsjdgo No. 1. F. and A. «
M.. will meet THIS (THI'RSDAY) VY
EVENING, Dec. 10. et 7:30 o'clock.
Third degTfP. Uj- order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
OTi'l DENTAL Lodee No. 22. F. an.l A. a
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) VV"
AFTERNOON at 2 o'clock for the pur-
I>ose of conductir* the funeral of our 1
deceased brother. THOMAS RIDLINGTON. i
Master Mason* invited. By orCet of the
Marter. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodgp No. 120. F. and A M. O
Special meeting THIS (THrRSDAY)YY
EVENING et 7:30 o'clock. Third De-/V\
tree. Mseut Mafcons cordially In-
vited. By order of the W. M
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary-
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. •»
212. F. and A. M.. meets THISVY
EVENING at 7:W/^^V
o'clock for First Degree. By ardfr ot
the Master. ,K. C. HARK. Secretary.
STARR KING Lodge No. 344. F. and »
A. M.. 317 D^viFadero ft. — THIS VV
EVENING at 7:3rt o'clock officers cf
MiFFicn I>odre will confer the third
degree. Mss'«r Masons cordially invited.
By order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON, Secretary.
PRESIMO L<v1(re No. 354. F. and~Z m
M.. Strinike Hall. Union and Octavia^fV
«».— Third degree THIS <THtTRS-/^A
DAT) EVENING at 7 M0 o'clock. Mas-
ter Mason* cordially invited.
_^_ B. L. HKSSKLTINE. Recr«?tar>'.
WESTERN ADDITION I^)dse Nol —
2Ki. I O. O. F.— Double inltla-^WBffife.
tion THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN-'»^|5gy0ig
G. H*. FREIERMUTH. Secretan-.
HARMONY Ix)dge No. it. A. O. IT. W.— xvn
Officers and membern are requested w~£^
to attend the funeral of our lateK^-?
brother. GEORGE O. KETES, THIStJ^^
I1AY at 2 p. m.. from his late residence, 130
Twenty-eighth et. By order.
W. W. DREYER. M. W.
C. S. TENS'. Recorder.
THE fian Franeinco Scottish Thistle v
Club m<vts THIS <THURSDAY) ». Zfc.y^
EVENING. Fraternity Hall, 32 > &JT&
O'Farrell tt., at 8 o'clock. Eies- '*fc^Nfc
tion of officers.
GEX>. "VV. MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEO. W. PATERSON. Recorder.
- ASTROLOGY.
PROF. WILSON, the noted scientific astrolo-
«rer, vivid horoscoi* readings: also private
Uwsons; call and convince yourself. 1C9 Lex-
tntrton ave.. near iwth and • Valencia nt«.
AGENTS WAXTED.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided improvement on bullqlr.g and loan
it worth having. Great M'estcrn Improve-
rnent Company. Parrott building.
ATTO RN E 1 S-AT-LAW. \
W. H- BITTNER, -~— ~~—
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite ZTl. Emma Epreckels building. .
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
tight causes; damages secured for injuries to
l.'-n-cn or estate; replevins for prcperty un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
tr.ects for Obu; bonds furnished; tankruptcy
tToet-eding* ; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made in all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a Mnall fee.
Eee me and save money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
KFtsbllzhed 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2, 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl
1122 Market et., between Mason and Taylor
ASvice free, all matters. Detectives wnployedl
AA — 7'IIE L<ecal ASvisory. Inc.; rrLeble attor-
neys: practice in all courts; attachments, di-
vorce, estates, bankruptcy, prubate. 511
f">lA. tllB Crosjley bldg., KE. cor. New
Montgomery and Mission sts.; t»I. John 292«.
II. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam bldg!
«th floor, entrance room Cll;° established 20
¦ years; all cases; general court and offlce
practice; no fee In advance or for consuita-
tlon; ci^nlnga by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cont In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fe*s In advance; open every even-
tr.g. J. M. THURSTOX. S19 Market st.. r. 31.
' ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collectlcn Agenry,
Itoom K5. 918 Market *t.; teL John G22&.
DIVORCE costs S12:. quick and quiet: open
?venires. Kxamlner lmlldlnc room 315.
DIVORCE costs $12: open evenlnsrs: tenants
t*ect*&. ?5. fllG_M»rket. r.e2;phone Black CS1.
CIVORCE-^Ccsts. $12: quick, quiet: advice
free; open evenings. 927 JJarkot %L. r." 301.
L. B. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bMg-. 027 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free: no fees 1.1 advance.
ADVICE free; no fharce unless successful: all
tow butineis. W. W. Davidson. W7 Market.
I.ODGOTi HOUSE* FOR SAI.K— *"nn.
If. C. DECKER. ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ' ¦ .:-.•'.....
H: C. DECKER. Phone John Oil.
' H. C. DECKER. ' - ¦
LEADING ROOMING-HOUSE 'A.VU HOTEL
BROKER. ' "¦¦¦' :
«Cfi MARKET ST 90C MARKET ST.
OVER 27 YEARS SELLING HOUSES IN
SAN FRANCISCO.
JUST A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS
20 rooms; north of Market rt .51100
ONLY $000 CASH REQUIRED.
8 rooms: Hyde and McAllister *ts ; $- r >00
25 rooms: one floor; rent $70 '..$1553
21 rooms: electric lighted; rent ¥30 $*>5O
ONLY $360 CASH REQUIRED.
22-ROOM HOUSE NKAR POWELL AND
OFARRELL.
LARGE TRANSIENT TRADE.
ROOMS ALL LIGHT ANX> /
SUNNY; CLEARS $100 $2500
32-ROOM HOUSE ON 2 PROMINENT ST3.;
CLEARS OVER S!00 PER MONTH. . .$•!«»
&7-room house; near Palace Hotel ....$2000
40-room house; near Mission and Second. .$1000
31-room houye; grand bargain $1500
30-roorn boarding-house; cleans $•'«>> $4.«K)
Hotel and bar; (50 rooms $0000
t> rooms; mu?t sell; only |I_|
7 rooms; a snap • ?" 3
12 rooms; Pine and Hyde sts.; a beauty. .$*J5U
17 rooms; O'Karrell St.; see it .$800
20 rcoins: north Market st. ; rent $60 -'ll* 0 .
1 1 rooms; rent only $35 eVn
12 rooms; Mason st.; snap
22 rooms; rent $50; money-maker fH'n,
100-room corner house $«iiOO
ltJO-room apartment-house • • • .$13,00;)
110-ROOM HOTEL • 12 ( 1$22
« rooms and bath; upper flat ?•».
<;-room house on Minna st i*,?vJ
31-room house for exchange: $.1100
90-ROOM HOUSE; MUST SELL: SMALL
AMOUNT CASH; EASY PAYMENTS:
SURE TO CLEAR $250 PER MONTH.$3500
$100,000 TO LOAN ON FURNITURE.
H. C. DECKER. 000 Market st.
dicker OR CASH
DECKER WILL SELL YOU A
HOUSE ON EASY PAYMENTS.
DECKER WILL LOAN YOU
MONEY ON ANY HOUSE.
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE HEE
DECKER. »00 MARKET ST., cor. Stockton.
" MARION GRIFFIN.
[MARION GKIKKIN MARION GRIFFIN.]
[MARION GRIFFIN.]
IMARION GUIFKJN. MARION GRIFFIN.]
[Room 406, Examiner Bldg]
Phone Black 3007. Take elevator to 4th floor.
20 ROOMS.
Big flat: near Market; $G50: 2-year-lease;
electric lights; good looking housj; rent $40,
full of roomers.
• APARTMENT HOUSE.
Bargain; first-class, fireproof, modern house
of 177 rooms; new buildinc; elegantly fur-
nished; low rent; lease; clears $650 per month.
$1000.
30 rooms In aDartments,: bargain" at $2000:
will sell for $1000; owner must have change of
climate; income $150; rent $00; easy terms. j
-ftOO-ROOM HOTEL.]
Handsome cornfr housa; private baths; splen-
did furniture; 5-year lease; modern In every
department; electric elevator; heart trouble.
[CLEARED $307 IN NOVEMBER.]
03-room corner rooming-house: accounts are I
kept; nice, resoectable: applicants waiti/ig.
[24 ROOMS— CLEARS $175-1 .
High-class house; downtown: furnished 3
months ago with the best of everything.
[30 ROOMS— $1000.] :
Sunlit apartments: rent $U0; corner; owner
must change climate; terms, one-third down.
[ELEGANT HOUSE.]
20 rooms on Golden Gate ave.'; house built
onp year ago: elegantly furnished in mahogany
and oak; fine Brussels . carpets; income! $111 ,
over rent; other Important causes sale. !
[83-ROOM HOTEL.) . '.
Must be eold: reduced from $8000 to $6500;
fine bar. *
SPLENDID, quiet, eminently respectable little !
house; near theaters, restaurants and the re-
tall shopping district; r> minutes' walk to
Kfarny st.; clears ?«5; clean, completp, com-
fortable; an honest bargain: sold on account j
of departure'. MARION GRIFFIN, 400 Ex- . 1
nmlner building. *
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSE; MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION' BEST IN THE CJTY: LEASE;
¦ OWNER LEAVING TOWN.' EOX 2S5tf.
CALL OFFICE.
A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40 \
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave. ; J
rooms always occupied and flrst-claas 'patron-
age. See R. G. WILKE. 2C>i Kearny st.
SO ROOMS: $3800; rent $2 50 per room; new
bldg.; new carpets; good' furniture: sunny
rooms; $1200 cash. 6 Eddy et.. room 100.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 .Eddy et.. nr. Octavla; phone Scott 8S7.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
• 10c;. private readings dally. 019 McAllister.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing . seance
Thursday eveninjr. 8 o'clock. 328 Ellis st.
C V. MII^LER'S materializing: eea.ice to-night,
8 o'clock; $1. 1C84 Bush st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
~ CLAIRVOYANTS. ~
A— PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition.
No Charge. No Charge
Unless you obtain the information for which
you consult roe. •'
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called fpr; I promise to
tell yon If husband, wife or sweetheart Is true
or false; tell who and when you will marry; In
fact I will tell every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I reunite the
separated restore lost affections, cause speedy
and happy marriage, give you good luck, re-
store loet energy; 10 a. m. to S p. m.; Sun. 2-8.
326 O'Farrell «st. ; low fee this week — $1. $1. j_
I UME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant &nd business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third et., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied in .life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice in all af-
fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by. mall. Tel. Black 4569.
A LIVORNO. "¦ '"
The World-Renowned Palmist
And Crystal Gazer.
34 Kearny st.. over Hammersmith & Field's;
see portrait of Mme. Livorno and original
testimonials from distinguished people at en-
trance; 3 questions by mall, $1. Send month
and year of birth.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market .
st., cor. Turk: private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. in. : readings by mall as satlafac-
lory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full llf*. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
cf birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce;
Wells-Fargo meney order or registered letter.
MME. VEINA. wonderful trance medium and
card reader; Just returned from long ab-
sence. 4<)6 Geary. n*ar Mason, room 1.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clnlr-
voyant, card reader: when others fail try mi-;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. avt
A— Mrae. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 6 4th «t.. near Market
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moval from 132 Cth to 23»A 6th: la. 25c, r. 50c.
MISS jnCMFAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
names; L. S0c;G.$l.- 714 Franklln.nr.O.O.ave,
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26^ Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c, gents 00c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tingn dally. 44314 Jessie st.. b«t. Cth and 6th.
CAHPBT UKATISG AKD _ . CLEAMXG.
AIR compressed, dry. Ice cold, 'is now univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod.
crate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237..
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
\lng Works. 3SS-357 Tehama »t.; tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros. ; carpet beating: mattresses
made over. 1432 Howard; tel: South 216.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison »t. :3m cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 226.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen.
proprietor. 32» Guerrero st., tel. , Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOW& CO.. Pror*.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN*S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
RSS Onld>n Gate nve. : telephone East 12«.
. COLLECTION OFFICES. :
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or .country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 558(V.
CEEDIT CX.OTSXEKS.
C. V. ADAlIsTco?""' : '"¦'.•".;¦ " : ~""^'"
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE. .'
We ' clothe the whole family from hats to
-shoes; everything up to date .at cash prices.
-Credit for oil.* 318 Mascn st. .
BUY your suits and overcoats at LICHTEN-
1 STEIN BROS., 25 Btockton st.. on 'small
..weekly payments :- goods., delivered on flrst
payment. • .-¦ ¦¦¦•¦.. . - -' *. ¦ ..." ¦.-. •
CTTKES KDPTUKE. •
WHO DOES' IT? 'HUNTER, 1206 Market st.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
>VK*av»s»_4!ft-jrt£_«K** . -¦- . -. ' 1 iT» (¦ _* ¦¦__¦ 1-1 11 if r r
A— MURRAY _"kEADY:-6«-»-O> Clay st.
Phone Mi.n 5»1S. „'
Leading Employm&at and Labor A^nts.
1W2 We Give , U**'> We'll C.iv«
45.1UO Men \Vcrk. / ev.WO M->n Work.
ARIZONA. c!o-e to PREPCOTT. $0. •
COAL MINERS, $J to $5 day. FUES
OREGON, $•' to>?3 Jay. FARE.
Boss here." PANTRYMAN. $10 an.l found.
. FOKUAiAN ORCHARD. VINEYARD.
GOOD WAGES FOR Al MAN.
Night clerk, het-i. city. *23 am! round.
Bartender, city. *:O to *4<> and found.
Uutter-maker seuaratcr. ?IO and found.
Tinner, galvanized iron. $2 50 a day.
Tailor, institution. $C0 and found.
Painter, striker, etc.. city.
GERMAN OH SCAN DINA\ IAN-
MAN and WIFE. cook, mine town. $.V) f±
Teamster light wagon, city. *oi>.
Tinsmith, city; carriar*- trimmer; marrl-d
milker. $40; bellbcy. «.>¦
MURRAY & KEAJ_\_W_andJi.*6_ClayjBt : _
i TRY our mess shoes, union mad^. at *l an-l
$1 SO pair; foot-form shoes at $- »>: *• pay
express or mail charge*. H " d 8t - E " m - *>'j-
WANTED— For V. 8. Marine Corps, abl-.
bodied unmarried men. between -l and .^3;
rood character; must speak. r»»d and writ*
English: marines serve at se» on ™*n-°:-
war In all parts of the world, on land in our
island possessions, and at naval stations \*
the United States. Apply at recruit I as of-
flce. 40 El'ls st.. San Francisco. CaL. and
401 °K »t.. Sacramento. Cal.
IF you are not satisfied with your salary. w»
I have an opening whereby yea can earn leg;tl-
mately $40 weekly; gentlemanly occupation;
good address, business knowledge n<?cessary.
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 10. Columbian blJ.
WANTED— -An all around bookbinder; one who
can do forwarding and finishing on fuU
bounds Apply 8ANBOEN. VAIL 4 CO..
711 Market st.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing, good sur-
geon; positively no other; must be between
40 and 55 and rood case taker: no traveling;
•alary about $150. Box 4717. Call offlce.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 10O new rooms to the Denver Hous*.
217 Third St.: 250 rooms: 25c to SOc per night.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellia St.; 1*
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed.
8. F. P-arber School. 74IA Howard at.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldjr. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.G.A.R,
McDONALD & PERRY have a lanre stock of
new anJ second-hand shoes; cheap. 230 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third «.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements ar.i subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market *t.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 P. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waltlnc: Mo
to SOc. S6.t Mission St.. bet. l»t and 2A sts.
nORSES AXD.WAGOM.
HORSE, buggy and harness. $40; Mexican sad-
dle. $7 50; top wagon, $00; cart, $15. 7» City
Hall ave. \ ¦ -
HARNESS and saddles, the best for th« money,
at JEPSETN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco. .
FOR sale — Rubber-tired hack: best condition;
$250. 1615 Eddy St.. near Stelner.
MAN wanted to buy low-set wagon, suitable)
for carpenter. 843 Howard st.
MUST 3*11 ooen rubber-tired hack, la best
condition; $250. 1327 Pierce st.
MUST be soid at sacrifice; 5 good horses.
327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale ch«ap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buekb'd. sur-
r«*y. harness. work. driving horses. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
¦ mzzz ! *
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an immense list:
«»rv1ce absolutely free: take advantage of
thin decartment: It w»ll save you time an4
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-253 Geary
«.. on the square. ' ,_ •«*'.. .
I "
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses)
. to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
LOST A.VU KOl'ND.
LOST — $25 reward fcr return of 6x4 Eastman
kodak lost on Southern Pacific Stockton local
- train Sunday afternoon between Sixteenth st..
Oakland, and OakUnd mole; same contains
films which are valuable to the owner. WIL-
SON-LYON & CO.. 220 Market St.. San Fran-
clsco.
LOST — December 4. tin trunk, oval top, bet.
ferry and IK Commercial st. : name on trunk
•'Mis* V. Eckert"; Information leading to
recovery of same will be suitably rewarded.
MARTIN DELY CO.. 16 Commercial st.
LOST — Between Sutter and Steiner sts». and
Oakland ferry, lady's pearl brooch. Return
to 804 Thirteenth st.. Oakland; reward.
IT will pay to "Remem>»er" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and sliver tn make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WTETH, specialist for all femal«
complaints; instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience; removed to 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOsYi Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets: price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh - and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femal«
complaints: positively corrected; th«- unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
. advice free. Offlce. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 years ezper.
MRS. D. ALLEX. 1113 Market— Rellabla ladies*
specialist; a private, home before and during
confinement; best medical cars; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsorn st., corner
2Cth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1128 Market st.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite^
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs..
MILLI.VERY. ~~"
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold; oust .vacate February 1. 1904: sav«
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Poat.
BIISCELLA.VEOI'S — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. '2 1-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH ft WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont St.
DOES TOUK ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coaUng; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles ; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 71a Market st.
FOR sale — 325 laying hens. 220 chicks 2 months
old. SO pigeons. 3 fticubators. 3 brooders.
horse, wagon, buggy. 2 sets harness, working '
Implements, etc; place for rent. Inqulro
LENGEMAN'S Brocery, 6th ave. S. and L st-
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps.
. pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold.
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M CH Y CO.. 1.".O-1SJ Be ale at.
A — Fine suits, 5" 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. £18 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to & p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, ea-
rtnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, puUey*.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear it.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter c atalo*
sent free. R. E. Revalfc A Co.. San franclacu.
TRY our men's »hofs at tl and Jl SO pair*
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay axvcsa
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid. : catalog, tm.
ALTERATION sale— B«»t $3 80 hat*. $1 50-
Popular Pric« Hatter. 330 Kearny st.. nea/
Pine; open to Op. m.; Sundays to noon.
DISPOSING of Wltte cm engines; 2 H. P.. 20
. H. P.; attractive prices. The Tracy Eng'.-
neerlng Co.. 151 Fremont st.. S. F.
FOR sale — Two fine St. Bernard dogs: »xtra
good watchdog*, at 7S2 :HaUht st, near
Scott.
BEAUTIFUL thoroughbred English spanlei
pups, ti weeks old. $5 and $10. 1343 Folsom at.
SOME good second-hand Rasollne engines. 1 !•->
12 H. P.. cheap. E. B. Heck & Co.. IZi Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chitaeos. Twentieth
Centuries, Pucks. BACIQALUPI. 033 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete Iln» at HI1
Market, ab. Van Negg. .RICHARDSON BRO3.
Printing offlce. 3 C.*P. presses. me:or. cutter.
type, fixtures; doing good business. 2S30. Call.
SAFES — New and 'second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st. ' '
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'G. 10 Sixth st. .
N F^Ji?r*l lti 6 SS. ~ nd machinery of all _ad*»
KR0OH USTQ. CO..7l» Market tf.REAIi ESTATE TKAXSACTIOXS.
Jam»s Riley to Ann RHey fwife), re-record
202U D. 110. X line of Page street. S3 E of
Octavla, E 27 by X 120; sift.
City and County of San Francisco to Katie
Shea and Annie M. Farrell, lot en X line of
Broadway, 45 E of Octavia street. Si 32:<J. by V
10O; $ .•
Annie- Fallon to Kate A. Besore. lot on SE
corner ! of Golden Gate avenue and Laruna
street. E SO by S 100; also lot on X" line or
McAllister street. 203 E of Laguna, E 23 by
Joseph HabergArton to Christine Habargar
ton. lot onX lineof Filbert, street, 21X:4 W of
Killmcre, W" 2O by 2* 137 :«; gift.-
Clty and County of San Francisco to Hannah
Liebes, lot on X line of Broadway. 127:* W
of Flllmore street. W 37:8 by X 137 :tf; $ .
Same to William J. Helsxqulst. lot on E line
of Steiner street. 73 S of Hayes. S 23 by E
100:3; | . • * "
Same to Martha B. Smith, lot on W line of
Fillmore stseet,/ 73 S of Hayes. 3 23 by W
10O::j; $ -. • \
: Same to James H. Humphreys, lot on P l!ne
of Oak street. 32:« E of Strsmer. E 27:6 by
S 112:6; * .
Sam.<; to S." FV Stuparich and H. Adam. lot
on SE. corner of Plerc« and Hayes streets. E
137 :6 by S 13^5<; ? .
I Same to Henry and Pauline Xorthrup. lot oa
W line or Devlsadero street, S2:« X of Grove.
X 55 by W 1M t|r — ¦
Mathlas and Jean»tte Meyer to Virginia A.
Smith, lot oar'N'llne of Vallejo street. 117 E
of Baker, E-CI by X 137:6; $10.
W. F. and Catherine Lloyd to Rc'.U V. Wait.
lot on W llae of BrcCeriek street. 100 X of
Filbert. X 50 by W 1CS:2: $10.
. Brainard L. and Ida. B. Spence to same.
iam«; $10.
Henry and Pauline Hsppert to George GUlig.
lot on W line of Cook street. 175 }f of Point
Lobos avenue. X 25 by W 120: $10.
Balrd Estate to Eleanor G. Standlaa. lot on
X line of Waller street. 106:3 -W of Masonic
avenue. W 56:3 by S 137:«; $10.
Same to Thomas Hancock, lot onS line of
Haight street. ICO W of r Masonic arenne, W
M:.1 by S 137:6: $10.
William J. McKltlori to Jennie Coleman. lot
en W line of Claytcn ftreet.- 125 X of Waller,
V 25 by W 123:3«-i: $10.-
Jobn Englsch, alias Engi3h. to Maria En
gisch, lot on S line of Page street. 138:3 W
of Clayton. W 25 by S 137:6: also lot on S
line of Hayes street. ."S3 E of Laruna. E 27:8
by S 120: also let on X line of Thirtieth street.
ISO E of Noe. E 25 l»v X 114: also lot on X
line of Thirtieth street. 2£3 W of Sanehex. W
50- by X 114: also lot on SE corner of Twenty
fourth and Docglazs streets. S 90 by E 2S;
KI Marla • Engisch to TImothr .White. 1st on S
Ilns of- Paw street, 136:3 W of Claytoa. W
23 by S 137:«:?ia- .- .
Citv and County of San. Fraricfwi to Cali
fornia Title Irissrance and. Trust Company, lot
en SE corner of Thirteenth and Fol<=om streets.
E ,to Treat avenue. S tt* Fourteenth." W to Fol
som. N - to beslnaing; $ .
.. TSomas Ridlingtoa . to Paulina C. Ridllnjrton.
lot en E l!n* of I apidgs street, 300 X of Nine
teenth. X 25 by E M; gift.
Artnle G. Coney (Mohnnann) to Willfam and
Matilda. Felt. let on N line «f Gr»#nT,1ch street,
70 E of Duuont. E 23 by X 70; $10
' Joserh'E.- O'Donnell to; same. ««me:'S10.
¦ - G T. aad Annie Knopf to Char!ey and Caro
line O. Lalsso^. lot on SW lln« cf Mcatcomery
avenue. 7«:JMt?SE of Beach. SE 23 by SW 00.
Wat angle 2f» feet, X.13:C inches thence at
anrle XE W: $10. " •
* Cathertn* Kenely to Margaret and Vincent
Saaret. lot or. SE line of Shiwey (Lf>uls<i>
stra»t. 177:6 XE of Fcurth. XK 2b by SE
e»; $10.
Thctnas n. and Kate O'Xeill to Frank E.
and Ellen SlrPel. lot on SW line rf Harriet
(GardcnV .isireet, 1C0 XW of Bryan*.. NW 23
by BW 75: ?10. :¦ .- .
Aujrast W. and Charlotte Anderson to John
Haws c?n let en XW Hn* or Bmnnan street.
S3 SW of SUth. SW 20 by XW 73: $10.
Margaret Brodrlck to William Bratrick. lot
: ST. PETERSBrRG. Dec. ».— The Govern
ment has arranged to remit t'ae excise duty oa
Russian oil. with the object of facilitating • Us
export to Persia and Afghanistan.
I on X line cf Lake street. 6*J:lt> W of Twenty
sixth avenue. W 33:4 by X 1UO; gut.
Same to r;.-.\..-i G. .urodrtck. lot on X Has
of Lane street. iZ.xi W of Twenty-sixUx avenue,
j V." il:4 by N 1UU; gift.
; Same to Eleanor W. Stinaon. lot ca X Un«
j of Lake street. 124:3 >V ot Twenty-sixth, ave
[ cue. W 3U:4 by X ICO; girt.
Fernando snd Julia A. Xvlsoa *o George A.
Robert, let on E line of Secxsnd avenue. 2a>
» or A street. S 2i by E 12tf; $10.
Isaac ar.J Helena Liebes t» Oscar Heyman.
j lot en S line of A street. 82:0 V>' of sfeirsntt*
i avenue. W 5u by o luO: $10.
Minnie E. 'xucker. tTt-.t U. McXear and
[ Maie T. Macdonaid (Tucket) to Palpmares
? Land Company, ut on sE corner of H street
' ar.d Forlf-nrst avtnue, H 3o:3, 6W VM:», X
ISUt; »n.'.
Estates of Marian and Leslie E. Miller.
: minors «by C. O. G. Miller, guardian), to *asxe.
' same: *<i5.
D. A. Curtln to Emma L. Merrttt and W. R.
, II Adamson (executors of the estate of Ai.>',a
• Sutro). lot on XE corner of Forty- seventh ave
} nue and D street. E 32:d by X 16O; Jl.
i Sclcmcn and Dora Gets to William Harrard,
| lot on S line of H street. SU:8 E of Xinta ave
i nue. E 23 by d ICO: S1O.
Charles W". and Mary A. Pcse to M^tiini.*
! Nolan, lot on S line of X street. 130 W. ,o£
| Thirty-ninth avenue. XV .>0 by S 12^:11: $10.
J. C. Kcene and Barbara Ernest, lot oa N
t line of Prospect place. U*> E of Folsoin streeu
I E 75 by N ICO, Precita Valley blocks 1M aa4
; 137: $10.
Victor M. Reiter and Jules J. Fourtjuet to
j Olof E. Hanson, lot 14, block 38, Sunnjslde;
Olof E. Hanson to Betty 3. Hanson, ua
! divided '-j of same; gift.
Amv* M. and Henry H. Lifcblns t> Fraaii
and Emelie Crabe. lot on XE line of Glrari
1 street. 1^5 XAV of D-w!sht. KV S3 by XE 13).
, lot IX. block 7. University Mound: S1V
I T. H. O. Walton to Ernest R. an'i Thcmaa
i R. Luce, lot on SE line o? Paris street, lit X&
; of Brazil avenue. XE 4 by SE 1(A). biock-lX
i Ex'-elsicr Homestead; $10.
John Mitchell to Mary Mitchell. lot 17, block
! B. Park. Laae Tract: *1«). ,
{. Harry I* Michael to Robert W. Macki*. lot
' on X line of Rlchlan.! avenue. 2(XS:7 E of Holly
! Ftrtet. E 25 by X ICO; $i
Henry M. ar.d Virginia W. DoswortU tJ
I George W. Dos worth, lot 41, block 1H55. O'XelU
! A Haley Tract: $10. \:
Teresa A. F»rran to Benjamin Kealey. Ice*
: 2 and 13 block 237. South S« Francisco Home
; stead end Railrcari A5*ociaUcn; ?:•).
S. Ducss Company to Andrea Eerto. lot on
i XE «^>rr.er of Xlnet-^nth avenue and K street.
> SE 75 by XE ICO. lot 0. block 3B, same: $ll>.
! Jeremiah and Same* Dor.ova^ and Mary E.
IScCarthy to S. J. and Alice T. Cunainirhani.
: lot on W line of P^lk street. C7:« S of Green.
; S 23 by W »4:»: SXO.
Lculs aad Jennie Frtcllander tr> Mark H..
Morris sfad Abraham C. Karski. Jot on N lla«
I of Geary street. St:i:«5 \V of Laguna. W 21 :*i
i by X 87:tS: $10.
1 Charles S and O!sa Barr-tt to San Fran-
I ct-cc Gas and Electric Corr.i,>anr. lot on X Hn»
! ot Ray street. ICG:- E cf Webster. E ICO by
Ma*gar;:t J. Bourbln to James C. Bourbln.
let on 3 Hb« ot Eddy street. S7:« E of Scott.
E 23 by S S2:<5: gift.
Francfa J. Griffin to Dina Elserbacb, lot on
S line of Pine street. 1C2:3 E of Broderick. E
Zo\X by S 127:6; ?I0. "
Dlna Eisenbach to Frank L. Pail'.at. same;
I WlUiam P. and Ella T. Caataer to Theresa
M. Brock? lot on X line of Pa<e street. 90:J
! V of Central avenue W 21 by X 91:6; $U«o.
James A. asd Arthur H. Larkics and EUsa
f A Boodt (Larkir.5) to Harriet E. Larklns, lot
J en E line of Hartford street. C* X of Twentieth.
' X 23 by E 1US. <iu:tclaini deed: $10.
William J and Rosie Colvin to Buildins Con
struction Company, lut on E line of Hartford
street. 13O S of Eighteenth. S =5 by E 123: $10.
I John L. Major to Mary Majcr. lot on N line
I of Twenty-second street, 23 E cf Hampshire.
! E 55 by X 97:6; gift.
William C. Brtanaeld to Elixabeth BnnnfleM.
| lot on X line of Twenty-fifth^ street. 62:8 w
! of Treat avenue. W 25 by X 73: gift.
James A. and Arthur H. Larkins and Eliza
A Boodt (Larkins) to Wliliam A. Larklns. lot
on E line of Douglas* street. ICO X of Eight
eenth. X 23 by E 125: $10.
Thomas W.. Katherlne A.. Christopher C.
and Lily A Rivers to Harry H. Crane. lot on
E Un* of Jcnes street. 89:6 X of CFarrell.
N 23 E 137:8, S 23 to aJ!-»y 8 feet wide. W
137 :«'. fight cf way over alley; $10.
Margaret Maguire to Majrulre Company, lot
on >V line of Hyde street. 47:8 S of CFarrell.
S 22-6 by "W S7:«: atao lot on S line of O*Far
rell street. 115:0 W of Jonea. W 22 by S ©»:»:
also lot on X line of Buah street. 137 :« E of
I Jones. E 55 by X 137:6; alao lot on XB
! corner of Hyds and EHia streets. N 137 :« by
E 137:6: S10.
Same to same. lot on X line of Clay sti^et.
107:7 l i W of Laguna. WObyM 127:Sii: $1O.
James Allen ta Charles E. Cutter. lot oa SE
line of Harriaon street. 273 XE of Flfta. XE
23 by 3E S5; $1O.
Enna Ros«e (wife Andrew W.> and Charity
Hayirard <wtfe Alvinxa) to Otto tsim Suden.
lot oa \E line cf Eighth street. 50 SE of Har
i rison. 5E BO by XE S5; $10.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to P. Bon
. tlcon Gc;s. lot on X line of Lake street. 32:«
! W of Twenty-fifth avenue. TV 23 by X 103: $10.
Josephine M.. Flora M. and Martin C. Wal
! ton Jr. to Mary Unrig, lot SO by J0O feet of
subdivision 1 of Sraoche & McHenry ranch.
said subdivision 1 including portions of outaida
lands block? 2CT and 224; $W.
Edward J. and Mary Flatley to Cannie B.
Msurhand (wife cf Ernest), let on S . One «£
Point Lcboa avenue. £2:6 W of Second avecqs,
I W 23 by S 10O: $10:
; O*car Herman to Peter J. Mitchell, lot oa
! S line of A stre»t. 107:6 W of Seventh avenu».
w 25 by s iw: $ie.
Same to Robert McDowell, lot on S line of
A street. S7:6 W of Seventh avenu«. W 23 by
S l«0: $10.
Ellen M. WethCTb** t-> E. 1^ Priest, lot on
X^V fcrner of S»vente«nth avenae and T str»»t.
X 4B3.S2; W 240:3. 8 477.K. E 240: also Sot
commencing 23:4 X of T7 street and SO:4 W of
T*Tent7-fourth Him XE .1T0.77. 3 318. fiO. SW
' r«.-i2- a!?o - lor on JJW . corner . of.- Caveat- an.l
J Twenty-third avenue. N «C0. W 12O. S 48«:4.
W 120. S'S3:1. E 240.42: also block bc«nd?<l
1 by Twenty-second and Twenty-tMrd avesroes.
' T aad U ftre«ti:.al*> lot ot» XW corner of T
i street *n.1 Eighteenth avenue. X 223 by W
' «4O- also lot on W Hn« of Eighteenth ar»Tiu?.
i S75X cf T street. X 10*45. W 2*0:3. S U+ ".
\ E 210; $10.
I Tncmas B. and Josecfclne H. Bishop to same.
1 lot on XB rom-r of T street and Serente-nt?*
[ avenue. E 71.U3. X 43R.42. W 94.12.. E 40.2^:
! also OTrtrfd- laais blocks 11T9 rnd 11S0: also
i lot en XE corner of Seventeenth avenue *rul
{ V street E 30:11. X Wn.CO. W €S.C?. S 6C0:
! a! jo !ot on SE corner oT IT street and Seren
j te«nth avnue. S 147.TI. XS 28.90. X I47.lt.
j w 53:.1;al»o lot on SW corner «f V *f»et »r>i1
• Se"ente«>r»th avenue. W ?4O. S 135.07. . X«3
i 240.C3. N 149.19; also lot on SW «-arner of
1 KIshteenth avenue- ar»a V ptre«t. W .210. 3
1CI.I3. XK '4O.05. X 137.M; fl«J.
Gecrsra Fearn to J. Robtson. undivided
half Interest tn lot -V block T, Excelsior Hoase
stead AwocJation: *to.
Chrlstia*" M. and WITHain Porbe^ to GeorB"*
ThiJtieton- lot on S line- of Saxamcre street.
MQ E o* Capttol. E CO. S to San Jews av«nue.
SW 5O. X to hegtnnlng lot 4. block B. Railroad
Homestead; $1.
Harvey O. and Airaes A. Dalbev to Btxlldln*
Ojcstructlcn Compnrv. Jot on SE corner of
Kingston street and Sat Jo^e av«nu». 3 23. E
S*:.1 X 23:7 »i. W S8:«»%. lot 13.- J.»fcn Kings
ton nai 2. Pr«clta Valley Landj. <iultclalsi
deed: $10i
Peter T. Serrulnvi^h <hr J<-nr« A. Grenn*n.
comr-»i."<= loner > to California Title Iiuan»» aJKt
S"rust Company, executor «rt»t» of Thomas I".
Sweeney, lot on W line of >n?* ! «r» »f^"t. W
S of Kingston. 8 27. W*S:4 X 25:11. E ?^:ll.
lot T, Mim*: also Vt on SE line of s s *a Jctm»
m*<J C«» SW of Feralta. avenu*. SW m by
SE 1S3:6; T?f<«.
Bnllilers* Contrncts.
Wm. Ede Co. (iowaers) with Joshua Hendr
Machine Works (contractors). archltert-'Wm.
Cur let i— Putting la «lec«rtj - w'jes. conduits,
switches ' and sockets for theater buHdi-r^ on
P.- tide of Market street. 73 feet from XtntSu
E. 5O. 8. 1«3 \V. 123. X. 73 right asrls IS. X.
90 to beglani=«: $1S.3«>.
KANSAS CITY JUDGE
WAXTS v GOO D PKOBDfQ
Jurist Gives Grand Jury Explicit In
structions Coaccrnins Bribery and
Malfeasance In Oder.
KAX3A3 CITT. Mo.. Dec. 8. — When
I the Grand Jury called to investigate
| alleged Doodling in Kansas City. Kans.,
f met to-day Judge Fisher of the Dis
i trict Court save explicit instructions
i regarding its work. '^.
"For yecrs," caJd he. "it has been
commonly rumcred and often openly
charged that public oSlcials of the city
of Kansas City. Kara., were in the
j habit of soliciting and receiving bribes.
• In this community there has grown to
| be a sentiment that pure municipal
! government la an unobtainable thins;
that corruption in office is a conven
tional crime; that every man has his
price. Such a condition Qf affairs i3
i appalling and damoralizing. and no
[good citizen will refuse to assist in
I eradicating it.
"There is no offense more despicable
than the betrayal of a public trust for
private gain.
**I-et no bribegiver nor bribetaker
or corrupt public official escape."
j The instructions call for the investi
gation of the prohibitory Ian-, as well
as malfeasance in office. Attorney
General Coleman of Kansas was pre»-
I ent in court and will take charge of
the investigation.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 10,^ 1903.
15
PCRSOXALS--Contlnged. j
AI-FRSDUM'S Eor-t'-an Hecna restores gray
hair ta its natural color: It] at nil drugglsta'.
Scperfluoc* hair and moles removed with elec-
trie needle. Mrs. A Mix Eaten. 1110 Sutter.
A BRANCH crfke of The Call for the recep-
ticn of advertisements 2^6 subscriptions has
b»*n -coered at 1008 JIarket si., oppcslt* J
Fifth. Open until 11 p. tn. . -
PALil-'feTBY.
MMS. PEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
glrt; palm readings $1: 3 <j'je*ticns by *>x- i
pitss. $1; oj»cn Tue«0ay evt. also. 1:5* Pest st. I
MMl". NEEROAARD'S olats In palmiFtry b«-
E'r.s Dee. 1. 8 p- m. SJJ Poet st.; terns $10.
H. JEROME FOSKLLl. scientific ptlmlst. 513
¦Taylor st-. nt-ar G<esr>-. Phone Black 561. ;
r.VPERHAXGIAC. PAI>"TI>'G. ETC. '
CALL at €27 Turk «t. cr phene Satter 154. foi
paper banglrg. painting and tinting.
Fapenni;; rrc»-vnable rat's; tinting, painting.
Hartmnr. Paint Co., 319 3d: tel- Main 413.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS. i
! ( DR. C. C. fJTDOXNELL — Of flee and residence, I
JtCi 1 - Market »«.. b*t. tth' and 7th; particu- J
lx.r attention p^id to JiE^ases cf r.-bincn. j
BUX31). skin ar.d rectal d's^ases a sj-eclalty I
L'lt. CALL. lOTHH Market ft. *
REMOVED— nil. WONG HTM. herb doctor,
treats all dis«»cses of th? human body; for ,
past fcur y»ars at 115-1 IT Mason; new lo- j
cat?d at i 67 Geary Kt.. near LeavenwortJi-
DR. TONG I"O CHT; successor to Dr. L< Po !
¦ j Taf, herb A xtor. cur*-* all diseases of human t
. : by u?e of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st. j
j L>P.. tt r. WONG. T19 Post St.: a!l disease
cur»d by Chinee hfrb?: consultation free.
! W.'XG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All Alt- !
easats cur^d by Cr.?n<-se herbs. 74(*-S Clay ft. •
. 1 ¦ = 1
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
' I AT Knickerbocker 1340 Pine st..
¦i near Hyde — Furnished S-roorr^tuIts: $30 up:
sttarn heated, electric li£hte<J^fre« bath. '
j EDDY, 2<"'7 — Frivate bO8s*i large frcnt rooms '¦
ar>d other*; fckpg. allowed: no transient. j
; i GEARY. 000 — 3 catsid" furnished rocms; sun i
.ill >iay: cocj and gas range: reasonable.
. | GEAMY. lC^J — $1S; adults; 4 com. room*: 2
beds, talb. toilet, stoves, coal and gas stoves.
' : MODEL HOUSE. 120S Ptr>ckton St.— Newl7 fur- i
Btohc4 rooms. $5-$12; bath. gts. phone. j
i j OAK. 117 — Sunny suite and singh;; complete!
:; for housekeeping; adults; $1 25. to $3 week.
! O' FARRELL. 9IS— Sunny handsomely rurnish"-
I ed carlor floor of 4 rooms. . j
" I FOLK, 1018. rear Geary— Neatly furnished j
frcct housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
" TAYLOR. 611 — 2 furnished rcorrs; ges range, j
coal stove, sink; $10. Phone Kate. 2CS4.
TEKAMA. 32'! — •"; rice' large sunny houseke^p- \
It.* rnca=<«: Jrifncn, bc<lrocm and front rcom; .
Frivate entrance. !
THE CRAG BURN. 1007 Larkin St.. cor. Post—
£ur.ny furnished aparuneuti; also single
rrvrrjs; r'nt reasonable. :
i CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. j received at Call branch cfSce. 22C0 Fillmore.
| A KRAXCH r.fflce for Call •.dvertl«ements and
rubsripCons has been established at 1096
Vai^rcla st.
APABTMEKT gOTTSES.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS,
Ccmer Pra* ar.d Taylor sts. : beautiful new
modem apartments; ail sunny corner suites;
j furr-Uhe<l or ur.furnished: none euperlor; ma-
" ', rir.e view. LTOS t HOAG. 113 Slontgomery.
: ST. LOriS. 1575 Jaekscn st.— Modern 3-4-5 j
"! roorr.p. also sir.sl^; furnished or ucfurnishe'l; I
" j marine view; now cren: references.
HADDON" HALL,
' ft'l KDIiY 3T. REFEKENCES.
! ROOMS TO LET — Fnm. and Cafara.
j Al"R0RA. ccmer Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, utw furniture; every room outilde;
modern and sunny; rrices from $1 50 per
WKk up; this Is the only up-to-date house la
this vicinity ; first -class grill attached. ;
! A— BRUNsWICX Htrj-e. 14S Sixth et.— Rocms j
25c to $1 ?er night, SI 25 to $5 per week and ;
light heu»eke»ping rooms; open all night.
lASHTTOSTB, 320 Mason st.. bet. Geary and i
Pest— Suite ar.d eintie rocms with or with- !
' out irrivate bath; sun In rccrss all day.
AT "The Alincate." STS Market st. 'or No. 1
Fifth **.> — Itocms-. 25c. 50c. $1. SI 5O night;
$1 50 to $10 week; h- use open all night.
.' BURNETT. 1123 Market \old N«. 1301)— Fur- j
nlshed roocc3, suitt. single; also unfurnished. !
CLIFFORD, 2>>i Eii's. corner Mascn— Elegantly |
fumis.'-«-d sunny icoms; pricts reasonable.
. CALIFORNIA. 1255 — ?unny furnished rooms, ]
fir.g'.f: ct:d for hoii?fckeepin«; reasocable.
GRAND Scutherr.. 7th and Mission — Rcoms 50c '
to $1 50 rl^ht; $1 to $3 -week; reading-room, j
HARRISON. i.'<ri— Twc newly furnished. Many, j
larg» frcnt rooms. i
! HOWARD. 1310— Nicely furnished sunny front j
parlor fcr 2 gentlemen or lady and gent- |
; LACUNA «n<J McAllister. St. James flat — Sun- j
ny single rocm.
i . __ , |
j LAP.K.IX, C17— Sunny rooms to let; $1 50 to $3. j
! LARKIN, K16 B— Small, light room. large hall, I
clc££t, bath and phone; retsosatle. :
NINTH. 139 (Cllleapie) — Nicely furnlihed room* |
$1 SO to f2 50 per week; 50c to 75c per bight. |
j . I
j POWELL. 317 — Sunny front suit- for doctor or '
dtntist: also other furnished rcoms. j
SUNNY front rooms, en suite or sirsle: gen-
tlemen; rrirate; 'reasonable. 132 A 14th st.
J SUTTER, 23C — The Crare — Elegantly furnished
room*; downtown; suite cr single: $10 up.
I UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. nr. Market —
4CO ringle and family rooms; 35c to $1 eight; j
If. 75 to $«i week; »>ievator: electric lights;
readlrig-roora; free bus and baggage.
i VAN NE£>, CIS — Handsome tunny furnished
suites and einsle rocmj; all conveniences.
! WASHINGTON ave.. 2iUi, near Ninth and
Mission — 3 unfurnished rcoms and bath; S12
a rr.' .-.tl--.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd St.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
S5c to $1 50 nlrht; f2 to $S week; eievatcr;
el<?c. lights; reading-rocm ; free bus; taggage. i
j ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch efflce. cor. Duncan tc Church tts.
• i CLASSIFIED «dvertlseinects and sobscrtntioaj
receive! at Call branch office. 2200 Fllliaore.
A BRANCH ofSee of The Call for tie recep-
tlcn cf adv*rti*eraer.tg ar-d* subjcriptlons has
been evened at 1008 Market tt.. cppcslt*
Fifth. On»n until 11 p. m.
AND HOARD.
A — u^-
VAX NESS AVE.. NEAH GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER. .
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH
Ml'XGER &. ZED ERG. PP.OPRIETORS.
A HOTEL HATTON
. S. E. COR. PINE AND TAYLOR
This new and rustic constructed hotel is sit-
uated rn the city's «-welle«t quarter and will
be handjscrcely furnished throughout, with all
the very latest conveniences; will be ready
for occupancy Dec. 15; reservations can now
be ciade oa premise! daily.
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS.
MANHATTAN HOTEL. 1704 Market St.— A
•trict'y first-class farrlly and tourist hotel of
,. un<ju**tio«i»d respectability. American plan.
A THE DRESDEN
SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1442
FULTON.HET. DP.ODERICK AND BAKER-
CALIFORNIA. 1240— Mcst select location tn
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table UBSurpsssed : marine view.
HOTEL MARTINET. Ueary it. and Van Ness
ave.. has cnanged hands; hereafter conducted
Erst-class family hotel; tibia board ipeclalty.
GTEVENSON niartlon. 807 California st. — At-
tractive and sixhtiy rocma; best ubla aad
strvlce; lowest rates.
FIRST. 223 — Board and'kxlglng. $4 50; changed
hands; e.11 home cocktsc. "
LEAVEN WORTH. • 30C — Large . front sunny
room, suitable, for. 2. with board; referencts.
O'FARRELL. 303 — Furnished rooms; hone
cccktng; German family; $« r*r week.
SUNNY furnished roojris, with board If re-
quired.. 24GO Mission st.
EOARD ard lodging in fcrivate family. 2521
Sutter st.
A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cents— The Weekly CalL
I<? races, fn wrscrjer. for malting/ $1 per year.
JTYFEWniTKRS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally gr>od No. 2 Remington, No. i
Smith Pmalfr. $23;- other typewriters at
' higher «nd 'o-arer prices;' rentals $2 5a The
Type*»Tlter Eichange. 536 California et.
A FEW socd typewriters at $.10 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & IX. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery et. -v . .
in-HA.ND typewriters sold, rented. repairKL'
Webster Ty}»writer Insr^c. Co.. 5C8 Market.
_JV_SPECJALI5TS. ~~
CATARRH. CEAFNE» and NOISES la E\R3
pccitlveiy cured; new ro«tbod;-l week's treaU
a:rnt fret. Dr. Ccttisgham, 201 Sutter at.
m«CKI,T.AVEOCg FOR SALE fnn
S^OYTXG p1ctar»s Tnaci<- tUHMUa. sale, rental;
bcrraliui. EuIIard A Brack. 121 Pc«t St.
MiUFJf of pipe «rsd Stt;3r»: all «::•*. EU-
OKN'E RTLET * SCNS. 103 Vallejo et.
SAFES — New and 5eco=d har-d. E. B. BECK
* CO.. 122 Market «t.
A:i b*rFajR»-;carnp stocis and chairs; hummocks.
Tr.rx.aj beds.irt<ttregs»». J.F. Hotter. 712 MSnioi:.
Udiscn ptonegraphs. records, supplies, reeving
nctcr* tnacbiceg. filgj. Bartralupl. 3X1 Mkt.
OA SO LIN 2 *ag":ce». autorscbiles and launcne*;
ell sizes. J. E. DOAK. 43 Fremont et.
ASK fcr pr:c»» ca wcon.3-hs.ri4 trP*wrSers; all
trakyf. ALEXA?.TEr. fc CO.. 11C Montr y.
A irP.ANCH r'fi^r rf The Call fcr th« rec»p-
tJOB cf advertiseirerts and subscriptions has
*"*en cr»ne-l *t 3C0S Mxrt:et rt.. eppesite
T*:*'h. Open crtll 11 p. rn.
MISCELL-4AEOCS WAVTS.
WILL par '-«f ;^ fi.<r sent" s R. R. ticket via E:
Paso; r>nr.rij>al« only fcr next 5 days. .P O
_tox M. Alarccda.
BOOXS ar-J libraries bourhT H. C. HOLMES
11 iO Mark*-; *t. . phcn» Je-eie 37il, cr postal.
I PAY US&tat Frioes for all ki»ls o' cait-ofl
_<"^thinir ; »*>n.1 p.i«taL MCRJUS, KTo Foisoci.
TILTON" rani? Rj.-d Bewnd-hand clothing «.^d
theatri^-g] gm<ls. 154 &th St.; tel. Jessie 2>M.
MOXEY TO LOA5.
aaa— riEP.iiAN iiuRPirrT"
«)l-<iCC-«n Examir-.er bulllliyj.
Quick sfit!etn»Ets; no disappolntrernt
Pave exr^Cfes by dealing dlrectiy.
Ertate*. terc*d mr^tBages, undirided Inter-
eft*, assignments of rests, property in tra-t.
tc. : Ic»aeie«. Uf* estates and undivided in-
t'rests in property r-'Urchas-fd.
Courteous treatrr.<»r.t. Strictly confidential
Wh?n Ycu N<^.j M:ntr
S«~ HERMAN MUHPHY.
AI>VAN"CI3 on furr.:ture and pianos without
roTr.oval; to r>«Tma2eat salaried feople on
th»ir cote without serurUy or kno-*led^e cf
erar-.cy»-r; lcwest rat's; no ccwumisslon. NA-
TIONAL CP.E-Drr CO.. CS aad O» Donahue
building. 1170 Mark«t st-
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOAN'S on tzr-
slfsre. pianos or to salaried reople on their
note: proper treafrae-t ruarar.-.ee-d. ILLINOIS
TRUST O>.. r. 1«5. Pheiaa tld.. tel. Ma:a 704.
ilON'EY loaned to i=a;art»<i people, retail ir.fr-
crianty. tcaiaeters. boartiing-ticujes, without
security; t-osy j-«\ir:er.ts ; largest business In
4fi princirai cities. Tcln-.an. 553 Parrott bMc.
HIGHLY reEpcctatle pr.vate place to obtain
Iifc»Ts.i advances on di£jnonc?. Jewelry, at
2 rr cp = t interest. Baldwin JtfV^iry Store.
S*»> Market; tel. Main lt>44. Branoh. 19 Third.
A — 1 per cent ozx furniture cr rla.no: no remov-
al, no rvrr.rjiiFFicn. r.o rutii<-lty.$25 up: quick,
privat?. ccnfilert'.al. 28 Montgcmety, rin. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN fUTOR 1C3 Grant »ve.,
LOANS FllOM $1 TO $10.0(. > iJ
SIONEY to" loan oa low interest; gcH. silver,
d^irocnds, i.rf"ar!9 asd prer-ions *tircifs bought
at \V. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Ftxth st. '
NEW fa.iy rr.»thod — To wag» -earners on usin-
dnc»<?-l n^n»»: absolute rrivarjr. Fidelity
Loslt. Company, rocrni 4%-4L». Chronicle bldg.
TO falav.t.i pHpte without se-^ur!ty: rn fnrni-
turr-; indorsed nctes anrt r,th*r weerkr. S. F.
D1.«cour.t Agency. J13 PheUn butidirg.
AT JBWB rT.t«>s on farrlture ar.d p'.ancs; strirt
frlvacy: no «rnsJisK!on:lristai!m»nt« accepted
BO3TELU. 201 Eddy. Coasenatrr:- building.
OPEN Credit Af«"n. Jotns en stiarVs conflden-
tls.:!y; c*m.*iiaple plan. lioom 50. gia l£a«ket.
3*e ON furniture & r!a=.os: J15 np: no removal;
r.-> ccc. V. TRE5IAIN. rocm 8L 6 Eddy et.
1 PER c-nt cc tanttsn cr piano. 1O.-3 Mu-
tual E*rts-a Bask bldg.. 70* Market «t.
T - liar:* on d!arr.rp.d« and Jewelry 2 r*r cent
do. H. Wm Ccl^axerai ~±j.-\ u r;^r.... SSS Ke&rcy.
?7AIt I^caji Co. ef Wyoailnc loans ninncy ti
«aifcr!wl <>rr.pl -• ves. R. oil. Hutual Sav.Bk.bl4.
CUSH P—f*fl «a;sri<"! p?o^lt> on r.ctep withovit
'.r'!^r«pr. MQRKLI-. tW« r^iTr'r^r bulldirg.
51TSICAL IXSTEjL'MEaTS.
x'-Tsrse ei'ecial upright plano "bar-
GAINS:
cC.'.artL I"5: Enerron. $t~; Fllshfr. $70;
MilU-r. ?175. OhSciterirtf. $7e7; American,
Ii'."»: He:s». S2O; Hayr.e*. f!50; Steinway.
Zl^Z. Btelsway, large stylo. $325, aad City
cthcr«. Rrrr.ts. $2 up; Instalments. !i up.
UCIXE PIANO CO.. 2^-227 Geary street;
Oakljtrd !.rar.c-h. FUtet-ntii esid Broad-xay, old
P. O. Mi*:.
V.'E rer.t tie best piaco Ui the city for $3 per
ir-ctr.; we allcw six months' rental and
«i.i*fc<. i$20) vll purchase price, tha* jrlvi^*
ycu » six naigfriV trlsJ cf tb* instruatst for
ROihtryf; our trnri ani prices caanot b«
«<;ua!*d In fan Francisco. SCOTT-CURTA2
PIANO CO.. 5«0-«4 Hayes «t. . |
A FINe: lot '^f si»«>nu.-riar.d cprlffhts from %ZO
up. tadattJas eucs tn^ke? at <!Trilckering. Voee. :
Kroeirer. Cbttss, Kirkhzm. Pease, H«.rdrr.in
il»!Tha:! i \VenI-i:. Baas and others. BENJ.
CCRT.VZ & SON, It, C Farrell ft. No!
branches :n *zz. Francisco.
LOW prices, easy term* and good coo<ls are
what we oSer; 3ehr Ero«.. liaumeistcr !
r-anc* a=d Slrar'tx. Piano Player* are what
you wart. Oil! and se>ot now. THE ZEXO '
MAUVA^ MUSIC COMPANY. 7ta Market. ;
A mnaryPOCl facriflce; unredeemed stor- !
age pisses e.rA furniture selling to pay «cr- ;
age: dirt cae*?." Wfcltehead's Htorage, 163C
Market «t. Cr«a evesinrs.
J6.V-rPfaGHT r!»ro; a Steck :r.aho«rariy;
r-»riy new. HOHXVXC BF.C'S.. 210 McAl-
lister st. I
BAND innrurr.er.it: F. Bt-ssca. Paris. mafc»r- I
Gu» UaiwaU. Ajt. Pa.^ Ccast. 27S O'Farrel!; I
skillful reyaincg; gd-hasd instmsients ' aold. j
AXJIOST cheaper than £re-»oad- storage p-.arcs '
& farcitcrc. :eS8 Market st. Open rvenir.gs. j
ALMOST new '--rr<srht; cheap; cash or Irstall" I
m^et. St:H5llTZ tc CO.. 16 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL "-pedal Sieinway upright piano-
f-erfect order; sacrifice. Keege's.£s5 O - Farrr:i!
SOHMER, Byrcn Mauzy rianos. Chilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. CQx-Sia Pott st.
SUPERIOR vloiir.', xitherr. cicj end r»w H
MCma. m^ker. r-palrer. 2 Latham plaw!
OFFICES AXD STORES TO I.ET.
TO LEASE — In center of wholesale district"
laire. ltfht taseamt with concrete Cocr- SE
ccr. Market ar.d Secor.d sts.; 65x175: win be
put in rood crndltlon: rent reasonable
SHAIXWALD. EUCKBEE tc CO., 21S-220
Mor.tforriCTy st.
2 LARGE stT-s and rlnitiied baaeaitnts; side-
walk elpvatcr: Valencia st., near Seven-
teenth. Fcr further particulars apply to G
H. rMESEX & CO.. -Jn Mor.tgomer>- »t.
PERSOXAX.S. -
A SPECIAL LOW RATE 30 DATS ONLY—
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I hare isade prices to ainca
Ian. 1. 19C3. & tct the ensuing 30 days only,
I will ciki a liberal reduction frcrn all
jrices fcr k>- special fieep-wrtnkle treatraect
Tb« lady who has been on exhibition la
the drug Etcre windows cay be peen at ray
cfSce this week frcm 10 to S. tn crder to tc-
ccrcmod»t» theme who hare requested to ex-
utr.tr.t the face znor* theroegsty la prirata. -
M. ELLA HARRia.
TS1 CFsn-eM rt.. near Larkla. Call cr writ*
fcr book explaining method.
SEX Etar H«!r Remedy restcres gray fcatr. Ua-
prxrve» its growth, stops tailing, cares tUndruS
it. 2 itcfclng ecaip; no stain or ctlckiness;
rieaases cca!p : at druggists', hairdressers' : ac-
cept so vubsutute. Star Remedy CO..132S Polk.
WILL MISS EMILY CULLEN". who fcrmerly
worked for Ccl. Mrade. also 005 gutter »r.d »
O*Farr«ll sts.. come to Pr»*idlo and see Mrs.
Ccl. McrrU. fcocse No. 22T j
r.'OT bew cheap butTbw food ts tte tnctt» cf
the nuLEaiacturen cf the Rapid Rotary
Etasdard. the sew:ng-ir.achtse of to-day. J.
W. EVAXS. arent, 1C21 Market «t.
PHTFICXAN. 15 years' experience, cures p«-
jEacestljr rncrf iiln*. cccalce habit. Call - or
ti.i-t.ts Central Fhaxrnacy. 211 Grast *ve..
ccrcer Eutter it-: fee moderate.
RAO carpets weve to crder and for «ale; t'so !
chetlile-wove rugs, ellk portieres; de*J>r la
carpet twin* ia hank or chain, at lowest i
ra.t*». G«o. atatth«w< 7Cfl Fifth »t.. Qaklaad.
I^ELXKEN'XKSS. mta-phlne and all drurs dis-
eases p^tively <^ired by WHlcw Park- Co.,
1KSS Polk rt.: consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR fcablt cored in 2 days cr' no charges;
ruarantettf. Acme Li^ucr Cere Co.. U37 Mar.
ket st.. rocn 2C3: phone South 7S1.
AT i«^« th«n cort. cncaHed far suits, overcoats
*rd trou»«rs «t CHARLES LYONS'. Lacdaa
Tailor. 721 Uarkrt St. .
ELEGANT su'.ts ca «e«y f3#talln>*nt»: 50 e«cts
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket tt.. between iSeve&th snd Eighth.
DAKCING Tuesday. Thursday. Esturity. Saa-
«*y ?"tg*.. Ttutcnla Hall. Howard st.. cr.
frrS: Prof. Foster: xciety darclr.g taught.
FINE p^nuin» di«=K<nd».watfb**.JeweIrT cheap-
er rfctn anr».^ere. A. A. Ritter. Kearny.
MAtCtTERADE «¦ '»«. ptay book*, w'.gi.
cour.try ctA'ts. GOLDSTKIN ft CO.. 7*3 Mkt.
KUri'sto ord^r on tnrullir.eats. $1 per week.
Nftthaut ft Co.. rrerch. tailors. 727-72» Uaricet.
SUPERKT.UOUS r.asr & tr:o!-B reroored by elec-
trV- n^lle. tn. * Mr». Tra r^rse. . 1 1 70 11m rke t.
THE bert ? rc» to b^jr good smbr*i!si «r ha*t
. iUtzn cov»r«.d rr rf paired is 120 6t&ckt«a «t-
T A TLXJ K-3IADE *ult *7 CO; dre«» pants' $2 SO
II .i 2*. CUitains Parlor, ccr. Bosh and D-jpo=t.
j REAL. ESTATE—CITY —^°J* .SAX-E.^
G." KrUMBSEN* &"ca \
JO MONTGOMERY ST."
Of rnvestraent, residence and unimproved pr»»p- I
ertles will be helj at our salesroom Monday,
December li. 1SKW at 12 o'clock noon.
MARY A. " ROBERTS ESTATE-
Adrr.Ir.l£trator's Sale.
The. foilcwjug o properties must be sold to
cit«t» above estate." ¦ ' - -
Subject to confirmation by the court.'
; tu
. 1S31-1S33 Ell!* St., near Scott; good im-
provements consUt of 2 fjaine dwelltogs, S
rooma and bath each; rents $C5 per month;,
tot a<J:2ijx75. '
L 1S23 EUI« St., near Scott: good substantial
I 3-stary dwelling, 12 rcoms ami bath; rents $15
per month; lot 2U:9i*xT5.
<3)
Randall st., north line, bet. Dame and Whit-
ney ele. ; buildins lot. 25x125.
AN ELEGANT .PARK RESIDENCE. .
C79 Waller st.. near Scott; new modern resi-
|'d»nce of I) rooms and bath; high attic and
i basement. b<:l!t within the last's years: it ad-
|-Jo!n< Dut>oce Park and trust be scan to b*
appreciated. A. rare oppoj-tunlty,
PACIFIC^T. INVESTMENT:.
. 1.TS6-1C5S Pacific «t.. ncrth lir.e.-near Hyde,
•tore. X rooms and flat cf 5 rooms and bath;
! rent $25 per month: lot has 2 frontages.
r - CHOICE PARK FLATS.
1(723-1623^ Grove st.. near Lyon— 2 modern
flats of 5-6 rcoms and bath* each; rents $50
per month; lot 25x107:0.
I MISSION FLATS.
307-307^ Castro st., east line, near 16th. 2
.modern flats of 5-6 rcoms and bath each; rents
$42 50 Der month: lot 25x87:0.
REFEREE SALE.
I-, Subject to confirmation by the court.
N.W. cor. Sanchez and Duncan ets.; unim-
proved lot. S0xll4.
BUSINESS HOLDING. • -
: 743 7th avt., near Fulton St.. store and fiat
cf 5 rocrr.s and bath; with a little outlay thla
! could be mada a very desirable building; lot
24:6x100 .
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
. (1)
S. E. cor. of 24th and Douglass sts.; unim-
proved lot. 23x00. .
: C2)
Douglass st., »a?t line, near 21th: unimproved
I lot. 21x100 Beth lots level and ready to
build on.
MISSION* COTTAGE.
€S Hancock st.. ncrth line, bet. Church and
Sancl.ez, 18th and ICth eta.: a desirable cot-
tage of 8 rooms end bath: lot 25x114.
BRYANT-STREET CORNER.
: N.E. cor. of Hryant and Harriet st3., close
-to 6th Et. ; unimproved corner, 25x75.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
: at cur c!fice.
G. H. UMBSEN A. CO..
20 Montgomery street. •
i EASTON, ELDR1DGE & CO..
•30S MARKET ST.
i $80,000 — Safe Investment: 2-story brick and
steel building, running from street to
street; leased fcr 10 years; 6 per cent
net guaranteed under secured lease;
$50,000 mortgage can remain; premises
occupied by large mercantile house.
, $CO,OCO— McAllister St.. near Franklin; 50x137:0
feet; pays well; rents. $ii25 per month;
6 elegant flats; steady tenant*.
i $27,500— Pacific Heights flats; magnificent; 9-0-
11 rocms and 2 spacious bathrooms in
: eaeh flat; positively new and designed
Eftcr th<* latest European model* of
apartments.
$12.0CO — Frerr.ont-st. corner. 45 feet frsntare;
important business location: rents $125
i-er month; 3 elegant frame dwellings.
$S,5C0 — 3 elegant flats, e-7-7 rooms and baths;
only 3 years old: present rent3 very low
— only $70; could easily be tenanted at
$S5 per month; Waller St., near Scott;
investments of this nature ara scarce.
: $7,75(i — New flats. ne«r 15th St.; 0-10 rooms;
improvements alone cost $KZCn) leas than
a year ago; rents S63; lot 27x^7:6 feet:
owner compelled to sell on acccunt of
havtr.g mortgages on other property.
$6,750— Rents 562 i.0; :> flats on 13ti et. ; 5-6-
6 rooms and baths.
$5,000 — Minna-st. ccr. ; store and flat above;
50 ft. frontage; rented for $30 per mo.;
lot alone worth more money.
$5, COO — Shotwell st., near 2Cth; 2 beautifa!
fiats, finished throughout In • first-class
condition; newly painted: modern
plumbms; lot :'>Cxl25 feet; beautifully
cultivated lawns.
I $1,500— Sacrifice; Octavia st., near Union;
23x32:6 ft.; large lot; easily worth $100
per front fco*.
$1,000 each — 1 excellent buildings lots en lStfl
St.; level and ready for building: posi-
tively cheapest lets In the Mission
warm belt.
For further particulars apply ,¦
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
| CJS Market street.
SPECK & CO.
CG7 Market et., op?. Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
Full charge taken of property.
BIG INTEREST PAi'ING FLATS.
$25.000— Rents $2"0; corner; Western addition;
lot 37:6xS4 feet.
$19.CC0— Annual rents. $21S5: Golden Gate
Park; mod«rn, bay-window fiats; lot 50x
137:0 feel.
$16,CCO^-Geary Et., *zit of Larkin et.; rents
$125; u elegant flats.
$15,900 — Annual rents, $1710; Webster st.; 4
new f.ats; select location.
$ll,5C0 — Annual rent?, *132S; substantial 3-
stosy building; lot 50xSO feet; vicinity
of Second and Howard sts.
$10,000 — 2 beautiful Post-st. flats; "clcee to
Gough st.; 30 feet frontage; always rent-
ed; yearly rents, $900.
$6,5C0 — Yearly rents. $924; Ritch St..; lot 42x i
73 feet: pays 14 per cent.
$5,C00 — Yearly rents,' $C24; 2-story building'
and stable for fix horses. '
$4,t*C0 — 2 Sutter-st. flats; 5 and 6 rooms; lot
25x137 :« fe«t; a coed buy.
$3,250 — Yearly income, $»- > 0: fiats near Third
and Bryant sts.; lot 25x75 feet
SPECK & CO.,
C67 Market st.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS."
MONTGOMERY ST.
LARGE VAN NESS AVENUE CORNER.
Covered with good frame improvements;
rents low. $5C<> & month r.ow; can te In-
creased by .small expenditure; has also the
advantage of being an excellent e'te for A
largo family hctel or aoartment house.
NEAR GEARY AND MASON.
73 feet front, running back to a rear street; !
nearly 15.000 square 'eet; excellent site for
storta and hotel; not a better buy in the
market.
FOR 30 DAYS O.VLt" ~~ ~~
IN THE HEART OF THE CITY.
¦ Buy a lot: $2.".O; 25x114.
For Christmas.
Fcr your children.
?."» down: *l monthly.
No Interest: no tax«s.
<m twenty-ninth St., near Diamond; "<rrand
view of city: 15 minutes to City Hall: electric i
cars niil stV.n »xter.d en Diamond St.
JACOB HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sutter st.
MODERN cottages; finished compute with
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooms— $2900.
6 rcoms— $:S50.
5 rc<:rr.s— $3500.
7 rooms — 541C0.
8 rocrns — $46CO.
Located on First and Second aves. bet.
Geary and McAllister st. cars and one block
ncrth of park. F. NELSON, builder.
15 PER cent en Investment: 2 new fiats; Dor-
laml'st.; tents $M2 50 month; .$1000 cash;
$2500 at 8 cer cent.
$5500 — Store aad flat, with cottage; good
stock of groceries and bar.
D. COFFIN * CO.. 3303 Mission st. .
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full ccat Improv. and part lot at C per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
ESTIMATES on plumbing work, new or old.
Ahlbach &. Mayer, plumbers. S36 Howard st.
LOTS N or S side of Oolden Gate Park., ptjr-
chx>»d hr W. J. GUSH. t-W California »t.
REAL ESTATE — Coo«try — For Sale.
FOR sale — 15-acre fruit farm; good Improve-
ments; rood location; connected with San
Frarcisoo by rail and electric cars. -Call or
- address 715 Nineteenth at., Oakland. Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-»crt farmT '.
$200 profit per annum per acre. .
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT tt KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cat
ALFALFA lands, rtocis ¦ ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue* sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO.. MS
Market: st. - ¦ ¦ ¦ •
FOR rent, near Haywards, . a well tmproved
fruit cr chicken ranch; 10 acres. 3021 Shat-
tack ave., Berkeley.. " '
roiyT^Ricmiosn heal estate.
WATER frcnt lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos. *tc. BELL. 417-Parrott bldg.
STORA6E AXD WAREHOESEi.
A— EMPORIUM Storage * Van Ca; furnitureT
household goods stored. ¦ moved, shipped. 7231
731 Howard tt.. nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage. A Moving Ca of-
ficc Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prive..Ex- 871.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 233 Golden Gat* ave. : phone I Eaut 124.
GOLDEN. JEtst ¦ Storage ; advances • made: , ,*10
Mission *!,: tel. Howard 841. F. W.-Z«hfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
ps-nr. 2320 Flllmore st. ; : phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van »nd Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
"-«t-:.tei. Mala 1SW. Shipping, at.' cnt rates.*
SE \\|rVC I AES AXP SUPPLIES.
NEW HOilE tewing machine; this week only;
- tl&. $15.' $20: slightly used: needles 20c: doa.
. NEW HOME 8. M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
•BEKKJBLE Y ? M!NTS
BERKELEY \ WBA1, '} ESTATE. V
BUY ONE OF ' THESE CHRISTMAS PRES-
-.,.. ; ; ; -ENTS-- -v •-
$1200 — Acre let on Claremont ave. ; fine trees.-
$650— 'Lot overlooking' bay; near College ave ;
all street work done: cars 2 blocks. . ., j
$250<Vt-50x130 on Channing way, • near Tele-
.. graph ave.: everything else la block $3250.
$S per foot; line corner lot. near new Santa Fe
station.
: . CHENEY & BERRY, ;' *
"" V. O. Elock, Berkeley station.
A. SNAP — Muet be nold at..once: $.17C0: tvo-
P story. C-room house, 1 year old: lot 42x120;
street work all done; new furniture com-
plete throughout; 1 block from electric cars
I and 3 blocks from Lorin station: $12«)0 cash.
balance $30 per month. 1927- Fairvtew St.. or
L. J. MOHAN & CO.. 2131 Shattuck ave.
I ON EUeftT* a. splendid -new home in Berkeley;
! email cash payment: remainder on Install-
ments less than rent. S. F. and S. Home
Bull-Ung Poolety. 70S Market st.. S. F. .*
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BB0ADWAY. >
OAKUOiD REAL ESTATE. ;
$2500 COST, and 1« worth $3000— Thirty-fifth
St.. near San Pablo; only 4 blocks from
Key Route station; thirty minutes from j
this house to San Francisco by Key j
Route; only one fare; -a modern bay-win- i
dow cottage of B rooms, bath, high base- !
ment,: lot 30x140; two-Btory barn; gravel j
drives; in fact, an Ideal honw; terms i
• -'only $300 carh balance mortgage; see-
ing Is believing; coll early; must be sold:
, no reasonable offer refused.- J. . s.
MYERS or GEO. W, AUSTIN. 1C92
Broadway. Oakland. .'.
$3250— Jest think of It! Two cottages. 5 |
rooms, bath, basement, brick foundation, \
hot and cold water, gas; ?tre«t work all
complete; lot SCxlZW; fruit trees, carriage i
driveway; near (school, local trains, cars ;
and business center;; present Income $32 ;
per month; owner has gone Ea3t and his .
instructions are to sell: we must aell; we I
will sell to the first applicant who will i
talk cash and make reasonable offer. >J.
S. MYERS or GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002 ,
. Broadway. Oakland. ;
$5250 — Reduced from $0500; death compels |
owner to leave for Los Angeles, and he Is '.
i forced to sell; location Wetmter St.. near
Nineteenth: only three blocks from the ,
business center, postofflce and narrow j
, „ - gauge local; 7 rooms, bath; only occupied i
seven months; open lawn, colonial style; I
nickel plumbing, plate glass; In fact, an i
Meal home; must be sold; see It and t
make offer. J. S. MYERS, or GEO. W.
AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway. Oakland. '
AN IDEAlThOME.
$325O cash, balance to , suit purchaser; a
grand, select home; modern house rf 12 rooms
and handsome grounds; well kept; Latham ter- '
race, adjoining East Oakland; one block from ',
car line; near steam local trains to S.- F. and ,
fire schoolhouse; lovely site; tne outlook, view ;
of bay snd mountain range unsurpassed; Al '
soil; a fine variety of immense fruit trees, as-
sorted shrubbery and flowers: this is a rare I
home; fine stable for horses and cow ; size lOOx
125; price In all $8500. Cat: or »nd for clr- j
cular. 405 Seventh st.. opp. Broadway station. I
Oakland; carriage free. ',
H. Z. JONES. LanJ Owner, j
$1150 ONLY for a cottage; 6 rooms, bath, etc.; |
located in Eaet Oakland: easy terms. P. C.
LASSEN & CO.. Oakland. Cal.
$4700 ONLY for 2 fine flats In Oakland; rented '
for $50 per month. P. C. LASSEN" & CO., I
4C8' Tenth ft., Oakland, Cal. . . ¦
A FINE 7-room house; must be sold this week: I
good location: easy terms. P. C. LASSEN .
& CO.. 466 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal. i
BARGAINS in Piedmont residence lotsl.lnclud- '
ins all kinds of flowers and shrubbery will '
build to suit. Box S54. Call offlcje. Oakland. 1
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call^ 1C pages, sent to any address In the j
Ur.itiHj States or Canada one year for $1. j
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
VENDOMK AND GRAND HOTELS. S
aiOU \Va*h!ngton and 610 Ninth sts.. Oak- I
land; furnished room3 en euite or single, .with ;
or without bodrd; special rates to families. !
wiii i ¦ i 1 1 i , i
OAKLAND KIU.MTLUK FOH SALE. ]
TO-MOEROW the day for* bargains InTfumT- !
ture. H. Schellbaua. 11th at..oor.Btore,Oakla.n'l. '
.¦ • ¦ > -;¦• -*.-'• > »• - . •
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE "OF THE" BOARD*OF STATE HAR-
L*r Commissioners, Union Dei>ot and Ferry |
Houe«?. San r rar.clf.o, Calltornla. Novem-
ber 10. VMZi. . :
Sealed propci;tls or bids will be received at '
ihis oirtcc at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m. :
on Wednesday, Lretember 23. l'J03. for the
construction of a s-rction of seawall and
wharf along same to be located between :
Kins and Channel streets on the water
front of t*e City and County of San Fran- '
Cisco, in accoruance with the plans and
specifications prepared therefor by- the Chief i
t-nglneeriof tne Board and adopted by the
Hoard August '_*7. ltfuC. and en tile In this \
office, to which" special reference Is hereby ;
made. The work to be done under these
specifications consists in furnishing all rm- ;
terlals und labor for constructing and erect- '
in? a stone seawall with end embankments .
and a wharf. It is estimated that the tea- :
wall and end embankments will contain ¦
about VKMiGo tons of stone; the wharf wfll '
eontaln 3tJ,C00 square feet of wharf sur- i
face. This section of the seawall win ex- !
tend from the Intersection of the northerly
line of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line, six hundred (COO)
feet northerly along said water front line.
The materials to 6e used tor the construc-
tion of th« seawall and end embankments
will consist . of stone not subject to decom- '
position nor disintegration by the action of !
. • sea water or air.
Two 'cUs!>es of stone will be recognized, j
Th(» first class will Include stone of one or
more cubic feet In fair assortment of slies
between one and four cubic feet: no obj«"c- ;
tlon will be made to stone larger than four;
cubic feet; this class of stone must be free |
uf s-ams and marked lines of cleavage. ;
The second cUss will include stone of less |
than one cubic foot, in assorted sizes, but
no stone lesa than five pounds will be ac-
cepted at the auarry.
The materials for the construction of the
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti- |
ties of first class*, close trained, Dous!a3 ,
yellow fir piles and yellow flr lumber (mer- j
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought ' iron '
bolts. sDikcs, etc., all of the best quality t
¦ and subject to a ristd examination. j
No bid will be received unless it is made,
en a blank form furnished from this offlce !
: and is accompanied by a certified check for i
five per cent of the aggregate amount of
the bid. payable to the order of the Secre- ;
tary of ths Board, m a. guarantee on the !
part of tte successful bidder that he will '
within six (6) days after the acceptance ot ¦
the bid ent«r 'nto a written contract to do
*aid work, according to the plans and speel- |
ficattens prepared therefor, and will* also j
execute and file .with this Board a band In
such sum as the Board may deem adequate |
•with a surety company, to De approved by
the Eoard of State . Harbor Commissioners,
and 'cnditloned for the faithful performance
of such contract: nor wi:i said bid be con- J
sidered by this Board unless delivered to the I
secretary or to the assistant secretary, at '
the offlce of the secretary, at or Drior to j
2-15 o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, December
23. IOOo, at which time and place the bids I
will be opened. J
The board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids if deemed- for. tte best Interest of
the State. " ' ' *-
Bidders ore invited to be present at the open-
tnSOftheb^HA S .H. SPEAR,
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK.
J. D. MACKENZIE.
- Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D NORTON. Chief Engineer.
j JOHN M. FOY. Secretary.
UNIVERSITT OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley.
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men — Notice ia hereby given to all concerned
that sealed proposals or bids are solicited for
performing the labor and furnishing the ma-
terials necessary for the - excavations and
-foundations of California Hall, on the
grounds of th« University of California at
Eerkelej. ¦ Alameda County. California, and
raid blda cr .proposals will be received at the
officer' of the Board of Regents, South Kali.'
Berl&Iey, at cr before 12 o'clock m. of the
11th day. of December. 19C3. And notice Is
hereby further given that the plans and speci-
fications of said excavations and foundations
have been made and adopted and are placed
In above named offlce, where the same may
be seen -and examined during each day from
B o'tlock a. m. until 4- o clock- p.- m..- from
this date until said 11th day of December,
1803. No bids or proposals will be considered
unless the «ame are accompanied by «¦ certi-
fied check or a bond of said proposer equal to
•ten < 10) per cent of bis proposal, with suf-
ficient sureties, conditioned that. If said bid
or proposal shall be accepted, the party pro-
posing will duly enter into a proper contract
-to faithfully , perform th« duty and obliga-
tions In accordance with aald proposal > and
- plans and specifications. ; which shall be and }
are hereby required to be a part of such ;
contract. The right to reject any and all j
t ids is hereby - reserved. This notice is j
given, pursuant r to an act entitled: "An aet
- to arnerd an ,act entftled *An act to create}
and organize the University of California,' I
approved March 25.1S8S. and, an act amend- t
«tory of xectlcn 23 thereof, approved March!
IS. IS72. relating to the construction offbuild- I
ings," approved March 3, ' 1S37. By order of i
the Ccmaiittee on, Grounds and Buildings "ot I
.the Board of Resents.'
W. "A. McKOWEN, Secretary. »
I - PROPOSALS Continued...
PROPOSALS for »ut»Utence eerplles. Offlce
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco. Cal..
December 10, 1IK)3 — Sealed proposals for for-
• nlshingr and delivering of such quantities of
I subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or sjch warehouses In San Fran-
cisco. . Cal., as p*r circular to b* seen at. this
officr, will be received h»re until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Monday. December 21. "1903. and opened
j immediately thereafter. In presence icf bld-
j dere. Specifications, general Instruction* to
bidders and blank forms of proposals will h-
¦ furnished to established dealers on appltca-
tlon to C. R. KRAUTHOFF. Major Ccm'y.
SAN FRANCESCO, Cal.. Dec. 8. 1W50.— Sealed
I proposals, in triplicate, vrlll be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m.. January s . IQOI. and
then opened for construction of frame build-
ings (wagon shed ' and work shop; . at Fort
Mlley, Cal. Government reserves right - to
. reject cr accept any or all bids in whol* or
. in part. Information furnished rn applica-
tion to WM. S: PATTEN, Assistant Quarter-
. master General. Chief Q. M. .
SPECIAL .\OT1CES.
Ladles! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal^ Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take r.o other. Bend 4c
stamps far particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
¦ in letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
. Chlche»t«r Chemical Co.; Philadelphia, Pa.
STt.TEHISG A.VD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Via Ness-Market— Cur«
In every case; Individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures:bom» cur*. -
i , DIVIDEND . NOTICES.
DIVIDENeTnOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No, 60. of fifty <50)
! cents per share en the issued capital stock of
> the company, has been declared, payable at
J the office of the company, rooms 2C2. 204 and
j 200 Hayward building, San Francisco, oa D«-
i cember 10, 1303. Transfer books clcse Decem-
ber 3. 11)03; at noon. C. C.QUINN, Secy.
MARRIAGE LJCfZVSES.
The following marriage llcen^s were Issued
j yesterday: ~ . • "
\ Gustav N. Hasted<?n. 31, 336 Fifth street.
• and May McGlenn. 29. 242 Fourth street.
William Dcnohue, 32, 529 Sec»nd street, and
¦ Delta Brosnan. 2S, 517 Leavenworth street.
Morris Krumholx, 21. 221 Clinton Park, and
j Helen Tiller, 2o. 221 Clinton Park.
I Vlncenso Albertieri. 43, 0SO Francisco street.
I and Celeatina. Parodl. 36. C30 Francisco street.
Jarnrs A. Cunningham. 6<>, Salt Lake City,
, and Bcsais B. Glass. 2S. Salt Lake City. (
; Arthur C. Corrigan, 28. Courtland, and Vlo-
. let E. Hagerman, \S, Courtland.
William W.« Fleming. 2», city, and Edith L.
; MvLart-n. 24, Stockton. . •
Edward A. O'Brien, 20. 14 Croke street, and
Elsie Johnson, IS, 10€» York street.
j Frederick H. Garnie. .14, 1SH5 Howard street.
I and Lena Switzer, 2t. 312 Missouri street,
f Theodore -Meith, 25. 251 San Jose ¦ avenue,
i and Dora I. Colver, 20, city. i » •
i Ah Bow, 31, 810 Jackson street, and Ah Ye«,
t 24, 671 Commercial street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
; mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
" Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
1 sons authorized to have the same published.
, Notices restricted simply to ths announcement
j of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
! BORX. .
! BOUTES— In thU city. November 25, 10C3, to
I the wife of J. J. Boutes, a son.
t CRAIG — In this city, December 6, 1903, to the
iwlfe of Edwera J. Craig, a son.
GILHAM — In this city, December 4, 1903, to
the wife of Kelsey M. Gllham, a son.
¦ HEALY — In this city. November 23.. 1903, to
the wife of W. F. Healy, a daughter.
1 MACDONALD— In this city. December 6. 1903,
j to the wife of D. A. Macdonald. a daughter.
i DIED. ¦
I Anderson. Charles McNamara. John J
i Baker. Ellen Moller. Richard B.C.
V Bernard. Jchn F. Partee. George
Black, John A'. Phillips. Henrietta L.
Buero, Domenlco Pratt. Emily Hr
j Calhoun. Capt. Rufua Ridllngton. Tfcomas
i Dorrlngton. May H. Schurring. Sophie
, Fairbanks. Anna Shevlln. Patrick
Foley. Joseph D. . Smith. Belle M.
i Gallafent, Bernard Smith. Helen
j Galvin. Catherine Stanton. Margaret
I Gifgory, Mrs. D.J.C. I Stanton. Thomas
Hansen. Gustav Ulbrandt. Fred
1 Held, Earnest Wallas. Johanna
| Johnson, Virginia E. Wallensteln, Mrs. D.
j Keyes. George ~O. Warren, August
j McCarty, Josephine Wcclf. Joseph A.
I ANDERSON— In this city. December 7. 1903.
Charles Anderson, beloved husband of Ida
Anderson, father of Walter and Agnes An-
derson, a native of Russia. A member of
' Eureka Lodge No. «, O. d. H. S., and Rig-
gers' and Stevedores' Local No. 22.
U" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
; H. P. Petcrsen. 22S McAllister street, where
• funeral services will be held under the aus-
; pices of Eureka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. S. • In-
! tcrment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
! BAKER— Near Los Gates. Santa Clara County
December 0, 1903, Ellen Baker, beloved wife
; of Thomas Baker, and mother of William,
; Robert and Jessie Baker and Mrs. J. S. Nu-
I nan, a native of Ireland, aged 79 years 4
j months and 27 days.
BER.VARD-Ia Stattle, December 7. 19C3, John
| F. Bernard, beloved son of the late John and
j Ellen Bernard, and brother of ,M. J. Bernard
and Mrs, J. D. Murray, a native of San
! Francisco, aged 45 years.
BLACK— In this city. December 9. 1903 John
| A. Black. , beloved brother of Mrs. Joseph
1 Baker and William Black, a native of Phll-
. adelpbia. aged 47 years 7 months and 8 days.
IE? Remains at the parlors of II. F. Suhr
1 & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
! and Et-hth. > # -
; BUERO — In this city, December 8. 190C, Dom-
; ' »-nlco, dearly beloved son of Mrs. A. Buero
and the late Mr. O. Boero, . and beloved
i brother of JoseDh Buero. Mrs. J. R, Pitto^
Mrs. K. Cresta. Mrs. V. Varnl and Mrs. A.
¦ Cappuro. a native of San Francisco, aged Jl
. years and 8 months. - ,
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
i day, December 10, 1903. at 9:30 o'clock,
I from his late residence, 120 Otsego . avenue,
between Onondago street and Onrtda avenue*
thence to Corpus Christl Church (Italian).'
Croke avenue, where a requtem high mass
: will be celebrated for the repose of his aout.
• commeEclng at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
; Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
CALHOUN— In this city, December 9 1908,
: Captain Rufus Calhoun, husband of Mrs
! Sarah Calhoun of Port TownsenJ. Wash."
j and father of Mrs. J. M. E. Atkinson of
Seattle, Wash., Isaac P. Calhonn of Kent
I Wash., Rufus and Captain George S. Cal-
houn, a native of New Brunswick, aged 75
i years and 3 months. Port- Townsend and
! Seattle papers pleaee copy.
{ * cyNotlce of furenal hereafter. Remains
i at the" funeral parlors of Bunker & Lunt
' 2tJCG Mission street. Mission Mascslc Temple
I between Twenty-second and Twenty-third
I streets. '
DORRINGTON— In this city, December ». 19U3,
I ¦ May Hawley Dornngton, beloved daughter ef
Elizabeth D. and the late Daniel S. Hawley.
( mother of John W. Dorrington, and ststT of
Ralph, Arthur and William Hawley" and
; Mrs. Altce E. Harris.
} DTuneral and Interment' private.
FAIRBANKS— In this city. B«c«nber 8 1903
1 Anna Fairbank/, beloved wife of Joseph Falr-
: banks, mother of Joseph H.; William, and
: Henry Fairbanks and Mrs. Mary L. Schult^
' and si«t«r of Mrs.- A. Thomas.. Rev. W. \V
; Pounch of Dei>osit, Bloom Couutv N 1 Y "
I and the late Ellen Hayes, a natlvV of Con-
: nectlcut. aged. 51 years 5 months and 10
j days.
t tyFrlends and aciualntances are respect-
fully invit«d to attend the funeral to-day
! (Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from the chapel of
I Charles H. J. Truman A Co., 19C0 Mission
i street. • between j Fifteenth and - Sixteenth.
I thence to - 9t- Patrick's Church." MlMioa
j . street, between Third and Fourth, 'where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of h.er soul, comxnencinj at a
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
¦ carriage. • ¦ ' ¦ - •>•'•> • -
FOLEY— -la this city, December 9; 1903. Joseph
D-. beloved son of David and the late Cath-
erine Foley,' and loving brother of Mamie and
Thomas C. Foley." a -native Of San Francisco,
aged 2S years and 13 days. ¦»„
EyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
GALLAFENT— In this city. December 9, lOOO,
Bernard, beloved husband or Elizabeth Gal-
lafent. a native of England, aged «•"> years. | .
CFriends and acquaintances are re3p-sct-
fully invited to attend funeral service* to-
¦ morroor.- Friday. December 11, 1003. at 1:3Q
o'clock, at " the chapel " of Charles H; J.
"Truman & Co.; 1009 Mission strtet. ' between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. - ....
GALVIX— In this city.' December 8, 1303. Cath-
erine. _¦ dearly ¦ beloved daughter , of . Margaret
. Galvin and the late John Galvin. • a. native of
San Francisco.
- ! E7Friends and acquaintances are I respect-
fully Invited to . attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday). December 10. 19C3. at 9 o'clock,
from her late residence. 125$ Union street,
. thence to fit. Brlgid's Ciorcb. where ajic-
qutem high ¦ mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her ' *ouL'~' commencing at 9:30
o'clock.. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GREGORY— In: West Point. Cal.", December 8,
1903, Mrs. Delia J. CBllInan^ Oi**ory. be-
• loved wife of ; N.* R.' 1 Orescry. and beloved
I Jame« McGinn. .' ••• Henry Hiuwea.
james mcginn & co^
! Formerly With McGinn Bros..
*. . Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
t 214 Eddy st.; Tel. South 6~a. ":
j - . ... , — _
i F." J.' MONAHAN, Manager.' TeL Mission 4.L
1 M0NAHAN, ; O h HARA & CO.
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALM EBS.
' 233U-2341 MisEien it., rear . Nineteenth. .
I £an Francisco. "
sister of Mr*. Mark Cook. Mrs.-E. Edward.
Mrs. N. P. Halllnan. .Mrs. M. S. Truett and
- Joseph P. and Winifred CuUlnan.'
HANSEN— In this city. D-cerabar C3 19Q3.
Gustav Hansen. a native of Norway, agad
20 years.
HELD— In Oakland. December 0. 1000. i
.Earncn HeW. beloved husband of Kenrltta
M.. and father ot Earnest R.. Jennie M..
- and brother of George Held. " ' . .
JOHNSON— In this city. December 9, 1!>«.
Virginia E. Jchnson, beloved wif» of-Ed-
wari Johxsoa. and mother of Edward. CUr-
ence. Mrs. George Johnson; N. "W. and Mrs.
C. W. McHenry, a native pt New York, aged
72 years 11 months and 9 days.
KEYES — In this city. December S. 19C3. Oecrge
O.. beloved - husband cf Margaret Keyes and
" stepfather of Maurice. Margaret. Luke and
Nora O'ConnclI and the late John Jcseph
OCcnnell. a native of Plymouth, Mass.. aged
20 years a nxnths and 13 days. A member of
Harmony Lodge No. 9," A. O. U. W.
• CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to' attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday). December 10. at 2 o'clock, from
-his late residence. i:«» Twenty-eighth strett.
- between Dolorea . and Church. Interment I.
-.O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit Bowers.
McCARTT— In this city. December 0. 1903. at
her . late resldsr.ee> 1-"U«J Wetsttr street.
TJosephlne. beloved .' wife of John MeCarty.
aad mother of-. Andrew. Wllllxm. John- H.
; . aid the late Josephine McCarty, a native cf
County Limerick. Ireland. : aged a* years and
2 months.
McNAMARA— In thH city. December 0. IOCS.
> at his residence 37 Ocnverjte street. Jchn
J., beioved ?on -of Patrick and the late
Bridget McNamara. an'i dearly beloved
brother of James. DH1 Ann!*, Mamie and
Patrick McNamara. Mrs. D. Riley. Mr3. J.
Miller. and the late Roger V. McNamara. a
native- of San Francisco.' -
MOLLER— In this city, Decembt* 3. 1003.
Richard B". C. Moller, a native of Gertnaay.
a.4* 1 35 years 4 months and 2 .lays.
PARTSE— rn San Jose. December 7, 1903. at
the residence of ilrs. Fred H. Figel. George
Fartee. hueband of ttfe late Thurn Partee.
and father of B. A. Partee and Ibe lats
Mary E. Rocs, a native of Ohio, aged to
years. . ; ;-
PHILLIPS— In thU city. December 9. ' 13CO,
Henrietta L. Phillips, a nattve of England,
aged ' S2 years.
PRATT— In this city, 'December 0, lCflti. Emily
H. Pratt, a native of Syracuse, N. Y., aged
87 years 1 month and 20 days.
RIDLINGTON — In this c;ty t December S. 1903.
Thomas, beloved' husband or Pauline C. Rld-
lington. and father ot Mrs. W. F. Sulsberg
and Mrs. A. F.= Drinkman. a native of
Ramsey; Huntingdonshire. Knglxnd. aged 64
years > munths and 14 days, a member of
• Yerba Buena Lodge, ScottlsB Rite Masons;
Occidental Lodge No. :£, T. and A. M.; El
Dorado Lodge No. 8, I. O. O. F.. of Sacra-
mento; St. John Lodge No. 73, A. O. U. W.;
Keystone Lodge No. 2107. K. of H.. and
Ivanhoe Lodse No. 5. K. of P.
f Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday) at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
' Temple, corner Pest and Montgomery streets,
under tile auspices of Occiaent*! Lodge No.
22, F. and A. M. Intern»»t Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
SCHURRING— In this city. December 9. 1903.
Sophie, dearly beloved mother of Annie and
Hilka Schuning, and sister of LouUa Werth
and Alric Nllburn. a native of Germany, aged
•f-J years 2 month.* and S days.
SHEVLIN— In the City and County Hospital.
December 0. 1900, Patrick Shevlln. a native
of Ireland, aged 73 years.
SMITH— In. Oakland.- December 8 1900 Belle
2L. wife of W. H. Smith, and mother of
MarU and Annie F. Smith, -a oatlre of Santa
Rosa..Cai., aged -23 years tt months aSd 11
days.
SMITH— In this city. December 9, 1903 Helen,
beloved wire of Charles Smith, and sister of
Mrs. Mary Ann Martin and John Murphy, a
nativj of San Francisco, aged 47 years.
ICNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remain*
at the iariors of J. C O'Connor A Co., 7U7
Mi&sion street, between TJsird aad Fourth.
STANTON— Ia this city, December », 1S03.
Margaret Stanton, beioved aunt of Mrs. Llx-
rle Stanton and Mrs. Mary Seaherx, and
wife of the late Richard Stanton, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 73 years.
STANTON— In this city." December ». 1900. I
Thomas. b«Iov4d husband of Fanny Stan- i
ton. father of of D. J., George W. and Rob-
ert Stanton. Mrs. M. E. Stevens and Mrs.
W. R. Wilmot. and brother of Mrs. Mary
i Irvine, a native of Ireland, aged 77 y c-ari 9
months and 12 days.
ULBRANDT— In this city, December 9. llXa, I
Fr.rt Uibrandt. beloved husband or Annie !
Ulbrandt (nee Craig), a native of Denmark, I
aged i> years. - •
WALLAS! — In thi* city. December S>. 1003. Jo- -
hanna. beloved wife of the late Hiram Wai- |
las. and devoted mother of Mr*. Dagmar
Berry and Matilda. Werner and Julius Wal-
las, a native cf Finland, aged 57 years 4
months and 24 days.
t~y Friends and acquaintances are reep^ct-
fully-mvtted to attend the, runeral Saturday
December 12. 1903. at 12 o'clock, from her
late •ealdence. 1J--KJ De Haro street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twcnty-flfth. take Twen-
ty-fourth-street car running east, thenc- to
the chattel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co
llKiO Mission street, betwen Fifteenth an<i
Sixteenth, where services will be held at 1 :J0
O'clock under the auspices of the United Cali-
• fornia Plnn Sisterhood. Iaterment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
WALLENSTEIN — In Germany, November 21.
190;:. Mrs. David Wallensteln. mother of
Lewis. Ben and Morris Wallenstein.
WARREN— In this city. D-cember S 1903
August, beloved husband of Josephine" War^
ren. and father of Harry A.. Theodore E.
Gustave. Frederick C. and Arthur Warren, i
native of Prussia, aged 73 years 3 months
and 23 clays. •
jnyEriffnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully itovlted to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his tate
residence. S3 Rausch street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WOOLF— In this city. December 9. 1303. Jo-
seph Abrams. beloved son of Harriet Woolf.
and brother of Mrs. M. A. FUher of Sacra-
mento. Mis* Rose Woolf and Herbert Woolf
a native of Boston. Mass.. ager 40 years 1
month and 17 days.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the run'ral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from Use parlors of
Thecdor Dierks. 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and S!xlh. and thence by 11:30 a. m.
tram to New Salem Cemetery for Interment.Strictly vegetarian (no pork)., W.G.M.
Beans, with Chili .'Sauce, >t 'your gro
cer's.* . - • : . .• ... ".-¦ /.-¦..
To Stand Trial on Conspiracy Charge.
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec. 9.— Horace
G. McKinley.S. A. D. Puter, Marie'L.
Ware, Guy Huff and Emma. L. Watson
will be brought. to trial on jthc.indict
ments of the, Grand Jury charging
them with-- conspiracy to defraud the
United StatC3. Judge Bellinger to-day
denied the demurrer of the defendants
In the Circuit Court. \
Palace. 221 Montgomery, street, will be
kept open every night during this month.*
Colonel Andrews* Diamond
Suits for divorce on the ground of
neglect were filed yesterday by Mary
Marum against Thomas Marum, Marie
R. Lott against Charles B. Lott and
Minnie M. Segger against Harry J.,
Segger. Interlocutory decrees of di
vorce were granted to Annie O'Connor
from Daniel O'Connor for neglect, An
tone Duarte from Theresa Duarte for
infidelity and Matilda C. - Rylander
from JohnW. Rylander for neglect.
MIsmated Coifples in Court.
Would Mortgage vPart of Estate.
The heirs of the late William Dun
phy have been cited to appear before
Judge Troutt Monday, January 1 1, • to
show: cause why permission to | mort
gage for $105 7a portion of the Rancho
Posa de los Osetoe, part , of , Dunphy's
estate in Monterey County, should not
be granted. The citation wasjissued
on petition of Carmen U. Dunphy and
Jennie C. Dunphy, executrlces of Dun
phy's will. . -¦¦-. . .
Floating spots before the- Eyes, dim
ness of vision- and weak eyes, cured by,
Murlne Eye Remedies. A home cure for
eyes that need care. r Druggists. •
BERLIN, Dec. 9. — The"univer«lty extension
movement has taken strong hold of the Uni
versity of Heidelberg. Henceforth . professors
will be allowed to hold lectures accessible to
any adult person.
John Cashes the Draft.
Antonio Tesocala, saloon-keeper,
325 Fourth street, secured a warrant
from Police Judge Fritz yesterday for
the arrest of Peter John on a charge
of, felony embezzlement. He alleges
that or. December 3 he gave John
$100 to go to the London and San
Francisco Bank and get a draft for
that amount. John returned with the
draft and Tesocala handed him a let
ter, telling him to put the draft in it
and to tako tho letter to the postofflce
to be registered. That was the last
seen of John. Tesocala says that the
letter was sent without the draft and
that John went to the bank with the
draft and received back the money.
The Supreme Court handed; down
an opinion yesterday reiterating . the
previous interpretation of the law in
respect to percolating waters in the
Katz-Walkinshavv case. W. O. TVIc-
Clintock made an excavation in his
land in Los. Angeles County for the
purpose of collecting percolating wa
ters and when Victoria Hudson, who
owned adjoining ¦ property, -protested,
he brought suit to quiet his title. The
lower court decided In his favor/ . The
higher tribunal says that the evidence
shows that the water secured by Mc-
Clintock would- naturally have flowed
in Sari\ Jose Creek and that his con
tentions are wrong. The case conse
quently goes back for a new trial. •
Snys McCllntock Is Wrong.
Contestant Gets Office.
The Supreme Court declared yester
day that Lee Kenworthy is entitled to
the office of Justice of the Peace in
Little Lake Township, Mendocino
County. C. I. Mast was given the po
sition originally by order of the Elec
tion Board, but Kenworthy contested.
The contcstee wanted"a" large number
of votes thrown out because the vot
ing booths in two precincts were not
opened until 8 o'clock, but the court
holds that no harm, was* done by this
tardiness of the election officers.
We havo on, exhibition .a fine lino of
framed pictures, showing all the new
effects in Flemish, old Dutch and ebony
frames, with tinted* mats to match. All
the newest pictures in Copley prints,
platinum; sepia and water colors. Good
goods and moderate prices. Sanbprn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
For Christmas Gifts
Deputy Coroner P. J. McCormick
made an investigation into the circum
stances surrounding the fatality and
gathered the Information that Alex
bright was seated on an Iron beam on
the seventh story when the breast der
rick fell backward, and the presump
tion is that the workman. In trying to
get out of the* way, lost his hold and
was precipitated to the ground.
Henry Rosenbohm; who Is in charge
of the men working on the seventh
story of the building, told of the der
rick falling backward to the floor.
He saw Axelbright Jump over the
girder to get out of the way. At that
time Axelbright was holding onto a
rope attached to the derrick. Rosen
bohm did not see him fall. Rosenbohm
said that the derrick was in good
working order.
A. S. Ballantine, superintendent of
the stef-1 construction, was on the fifth
floor at the time of the accident.
Ballantine said the derrick fell back
on the . floor, but he could not ex
plain how it was that Axelbright came
to fall. Ballantine said that all ma
chinery used in the construction of the
building was in perfect condition.
Policeman T. P. "Walsh .was almost
the first at Axelbright'3 side after he
fflL Ho gave him whisky to revive
him" and the unfortunate man. who
was suffering acute pain, begged that
his leg should not be touched and then
became unconscious. He was uncon
scious when he arrived at the hos
pital, where an examination of his in
juries by Drs. Maher and Murphy
showed that there was no possibility
of saving his life. The right arm was
almost torn from its, socket, the right
hip joint was fractured and he was in
jured internally.
Axelbright had been married only
four months, and lived with his bride
at 904 Howard street. He was a Dane
and 33 years of age.
Within the period of two weeks two
men have lost their lives on the new
building in course of construction for
the Merchants' Exchange.
On November 2S W. D. Rankin fell
several stories to the ground, and yes
terday Fred Axelbright, not many
hours after he had been served with a
subpoena to give evidence as to the
cause of the ' tragic death of his fel
low workman, fell from a height of
seven stories, striking within five feet
of where Rankin. had landed. Axel
-bright's injuries were of such a seri
ous nature that he expired half an hour
after . his admission to the Central
Emergency Hospital.
Ij. B. Dutton, superintendent of the
building, who was on the ground floor
at the /time of the accident, heard an
exclamation and, looking round, saw
a man's hat falling, but did not see
the man.
Elfros was 65 years old and a na
tive of Russia. He had followed the
business of a building contractor up to
the time that he lost an arm by the
falling of a steel beam in the Mills
building, on which he had a sub-con
tract. Latterly he had been employed
at odd times as a watchman.
Landlord J. J. Sweeney of the lodg
ing . house at 114 Pacific street ad
mitted to Deputy Coroner Brown yes
terday that he had been in the habit
of turning the gas off at trie meter
between '8 and 9 o'clock in the morn
ing and turning it on again at 4 or
4:30 in the afternoon. The subject
that led up to that admission was the
dead body of Frank Elf ros. who had
been suffocated" in bed by the fumes
of illuminating gas which had escaped
during the night,, from a burner, the
key of which was partly open.
Turns on the Gas at the Meter Daily
and Frank Elfros Is
. Suffocated. .
LODGING-HOUSE KEEPER,
. VIOLATES AN /ORDINANCE
Fred Axel bright Is Knocked
From Lofty Perch on Mer
chants' Exchange by Derrick
WORKMAN FALLS
SEVEN STORIES
C. A. S. "Frost delivered an interest
ing 1 lecture to the members of the San
Francisco section of the Navy League
at the Chamber of Commerce building
last night. Mr. Frost went into details
regarding the Monroe doctrine and ex
plained how the' country could be en
tangled in war with other powers. A
large crowd was present. • .
Talks to Xavy League.
The witness testified that all this
happened in Portland, Seattle, Spo
kane, Tacoma, Ellensburg ; and other
towns in the Northwest, where the
company played short engagements.
The affections of the two even con
tinued after their arrival in this city
and they were often together.
The trial will be continued this
morning at 10 o'clock. Mrs. Hawes
will again take the stand and tell
something else about Wilkerson. Other
witnesses will be examined.
According to the fair and forgetful
witness Wilkerson lavished attentions
galore on Myrtle Rosedale, one of the
members of the company. Miss Rose
dale was also smitten with the charms
of Wilkerson, according to the admis
sions of the witness, and together they
made a. happy pair. She was his "lit
tle squaw" and he her '"dear, old
daddy."
That they were on intimate terms
the witness swore. Miss Rosedale was
in the habit of forsaking them ' and
going with Wilkerson. Nor did she
seem abashed at her conduct .and
never tried to hide anything from her
roommates, the witness and Anna Gor
man.
MAKES LOVE TO SOUIJRETTE.
The witness' testified that she was
married but a short time ago and that
her former name was Ovite Leathe.
She stated that she sent the letter to
Miss Amber before she was aware of
the infidelity of Wilkerson. She learn
ed of this later, while the "Fiddle Dee
Dee" company was on the road in the
Northwest..
Mr. dc Forrest is mistaken when he says 1
saw your husband kiss Bertie. I did not.
He has always been a perfect gentleman and
has been friendly with all the girls and has
never treated Vny ot us but as ladles. Yours
sincerely, OVITA LEATHE.
She testified to having received the
following letter and sent the answer to
Miss Amber:
FRISCO, 11-20. 1902.
MIrs I^ath-s:
I want to ask you somethinR, and I want you
to tell me the truth. I>id you see my husband
kiss Birdie Starrett? You can rest assured if
you di<l. and say so. Your poeltlon will not be
Jeopardized In any way. Mr. de Forrest says
you said It one time when she fainted, and that
you, with acme of the other girls, said It was
perfectly disgusting. Wire me your reply at
my expense. Yours very truly,
MAUD AMBER.
Piease tell me the truth.
Witness testified to having sent the
following reply to Mis3 Amber:
Nov. 23, 1902.
Miss Amber — Dear Madame:
I never, as long as Bertie Starret was with
our cempany, saw Mr. Wilkerson treat her oth
erwise than as any man nf his age would treat
a child of her age who was away from home
for the first time in her life. . •
RECEIVES A LETTER.
The chorus girl got along very nicely
while being directly examined by At
torney William Humphries, but as soon
as Lawyer Newbrough began a cross
examination, her mind suddenly took
a wandering turn and it never ceased
to wander for a moment while she was
on the stand. She did not remember
any streets further west than Powell
and when dates were brought up the
poor girl was really mystified.
Miss Amber was the - first witness
called, and she said what was required
of her cheerfully. She stated that she
married Wilkerson in Kansas City
in December. 1S90. They lived for
a time in New York and various
places and came to this city in
1901. Miss Amber did not seem to
know much about the infidelity of her
husband, but she left all that to Mrs.
Hawes," who was quite familiar with
the Inside details of what happened oh
the road.
The entire day was taken up in ex
amining Miss Amber and the chorus
girl. The former was on the stand but
a few minutes during the morning ses
sion and had little to say. The chorus
girl was given a chance to talk freely
when her turn rolled around, but she
proved about the most forgetful sort
of person that ever evaded the court
room. ' k .
Maude acted as chaperon for a
bunch of fair ones from the O'Farrell
street playhouse. They were all
adorned with their swagger apparel
and wore picture hats for the finishing
effect. They seemed to have a grudge
against Wilkerson, and when not busy
craning their necks to catch bits of
spicy testimony, they varied the mo
notony by shooting needle-like glances
at the defendant, who sat a few feet
away.
,The trials and tribulations in the
married life of Ira Puerl "Wllkerson and
his wife, Maude Amber Wilkerson,
came up for their first official airing
in Superior Judge Murasky's court
yesterday morning. The footlight ' fa
vorite charges her spouse with infidel
ity and, according to the testimony of
Mrs. Ovita Hawes, a chorus girl, Wil
kerson was in the habit of making vio
lent love to Myrtle Rosedale while on
the road with the "Fiddle Dee Dee"
company.
Under the inscription .of "F. B,
Cook and wife, of " Sacramento,"
James A. Cunningham, a wealthy
mining man of Salt Lake," and • his
fair young bride.aiso of the same city,
endeavored yesterday to conceal their
presence at the Palace Hotel, while
they entered upon their honeymoon.
The culmination of their marital ro
mance, which began' with ' the aged
capitalist's quiet departure from Salt
Luke, followed by. that of Miss Bessie
Glass, a former milliner of the Mor
mon City, who Joined him in this city
Tuesday, occurred yesterday after
noon, when the couple, despite the
protests from the mining man's chil
dren, secured a license and were
promptly . married.
Late yesterday afternoon Cunning
ham and Miss Glass visited "Cupid"
Danforth's office at the City Hall, ob
tained a marriage license and immedi
ately after repaired to the chambers of
Justice of the Peace Daniells, by whom
the nuptial knot was tied. In the ab
sence of friends of the bridal couple
Justice Daniells pressed into service as
a necessary witness to the ceremony
a courtroom clerk, and ten minutes
later Mr. and Mrs. Cunningham were
journeying back to the Grand Hotel,
where they had made their separate
abodes the night previous. In his ap
plication for a license Cunningham
gave his age as 60 years and that of
his bride as 2S.
Arriving at the Grand, Cunningham
promptly paid his bill and ordered a
porter to take his own as well as his
wife's baggage .to the Palace Hotel,
where it was ordered stored. This
move was apparently Intended as a
ruse, with the view of throwing in
quisitive people off his .track, tor a few
minutes later, the bride ana groom
quietly entered the Palace, where the
latter . registered "F, B. Cook and
wife, Sacramento," :.-. and they were
shown to their rooms.
Cunningham last evening expressed
himself as indignant qver the publicity
given to his matrimonial affairs, which
he attributes to the meddlesome dispo
sition of ssveral of his wife's acquaint
ances in Salt Lake. The fact that he
had been married before and was the
father of several grown children, he
said, was no reason why he should, not
be permitted to marry again, and in
doing so he remarked that he did not
think it within the. province of friends
or relatives to surest whom he should
engage as his fireside companion.
"This plan is now worthy of further ;
attention, for, if my memory, serves me [
aright, the depth Intended and already •
cut is insufficient for ships now being i
built; therefore, the so-called 'finished ,
part' must be gone over and cut to the !
required depth. Health conditions to I
be considered are not only those which j
concern the laborers now, but the crews :
and passengers of the ships going j
across the isthmus. A deep cut under a j
tropical sun, with its malarial atmos- {
phere, might soon become too unpopu- j
lar to use, except in exceptional cases. !
The covering with salt water of the ;
swampy, portion, thereby destroying |
malaria, and the crossing at a high alti- j
tude where : probably a strong draft of.
pure air would be In constant flow, is
no small advantage offered by the plan •
of M. Santareau." !
Civil Engineer Joseph Voyle, a'resi
dent of Berkeley, who has had many
years' experience in Central America
in mining and engineering work, said
in an interview, yesterday that he fa
vpred" the plan of M. Santareau for
cutting the Panama Canal.
Said Mr. Voyle: "About the year 1890
a variety, of plans were proposed for t
the completion \ of the Panama Canal, j
One of the most notable of these was ;
that proposed by M. Santareau, that !
instead of following M. de Lesseps' ¦
plan of a sea level canal, there be made
a lake on the high level, with guick-j
acting locks to raise and lower the ves- {
sels to and from the level of the lake. |
This, body, of water, he estimated, \
would cover twenty-four kilometers of :
the distance, leaving only fifty kilome- j
ters of cut for docks and water levels. •
By this plan the largest portion of the i
swampy land would be covered, and |
thus nearly the whole, of the 500,000 .
hectares of land owned by the canal j
company would be rendered habitable. !
The waters of the Chagres River would j
be utilized also, and one of 'the most i
troublesome problems of the route j
would be disposed of. !
Tells Tale ; of Love-making of
Defendant and Myrtle Rose
dale, a Dashing Soubrette
Justice Daniells Figures in
* the Concluding Chapter of
a Salt Lake City Romance
By Digging the Artificial River
' on an Altitude, Low Land
"Will. Be Made Healthful
AVOIDED
WEDDING AT CITY HALL
CHORUS GIRL TAKES STAND
SICKNESS THUS
Mrs. 3Iaudc Amber >Vilkerson
"Makes' a Charge of Infidelity
Against Frivolous Spouse
Engineer- Yoylc Gives Reasons
AVhy^thc High- Cut Is Best
for -the Panama '¦¦:** Canal
James A. Cunningham and His
Bride Enter on Their ..-Honey-.
j f moon at the Palace Hotel
ACTOR FOLK
AIR TROUBLES
COOING UNDER
ASSUMED NAMES
PREFERS PLAN
OF SANTAREAU
THE SAN IIRANGISCO CALL. THURSDAY^ 'DECEMBER .10/ 1903.
..When you, get ran .down and awake persplr-
Insr becln to tak»> PUo's, Consumption Cure. . •
STOCKTON," Dec; 9.— The first step
of the Holt Manufacturing Company
toward/running an open shop was
taken last evening,, when the : black
smiths" were asked to! sign an agree
ment which is in> effect a contract
tending them to work for one "year.
Hal f dozen • of the /men signed, but
more* than 'twenty.; refused,; on the
ground that it would be in violation of
the;Federal!law3 against contract'la
pbr.'»* -;V".'.' : ¦'•"'• '¦'.'•¦ .''¦'¦¦.'¦-'-¦'/¦ '.'¦¦'" -
Refuses, to Sign Agreement.
i SAN JOSE, Dec. 9.— Santa . Clara
County will have a fine exhibit. at. the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition; at St.
Louis./ A building will be erected to
house the display. The structure will be
30x50 and 30 feet high. It will; be' built
inside' the California building." There* will
be galleries . one above *. the ¦¦, other for
displaying the products and - resources
"of Santa Clara County. The ;, cost c of
the building will be about $3000. A "de
sign has already.; been ' selected :by Jthe
Santa Clara V Cou'rlty . Exposition ¦ Com
mission and at the next meetihgof the
commission ! full details "and plans* will
be submitted by Architect Binder.
Will Exhibit at St. Louis.
16
v.'v,' APVEB'l'IHiJarEirTg.
39 Stockton street.
Pion8 ZX&la 5522.
Theie tpeclala are our bast offer-
ing* for Christina*. We boliev* they
will meet the full requirements oX
holiday buying*.
SPEGMLSALE
FOR THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY
fresh Creamery Butter, per sq 40c
Sweet and fr*sh from the celebrated Coos
Bay creameries, lies. 45c.
fancy Caster Eggs per doz 35c
Good guaranteed tggs.
Seeded Raisins ) In Mb pkls 10c
Clean Currants S Res - ut » c -
The best for your Xmas cakes.
Citron. Orange. Lemon Peel Ib ISc
Carefully cured; absolutely reliable.
Regular 20c.
Santa Barbara Olive Oil qt 70c
Regular 85c and 50c. Pt 40C
"'There Is no better olive oil than tht»
celebrated brand, and its medicinal value
is undisputed.
Tea— Victoria Blend 45c
Reg. 60c.
A blend that.la finding more favor every
day.
Canned Asparagus per can 20c
Tics? 25c. ¦• ' ** '"* *
S. & XV.' brand or HIckmott's 'Xuffsaid.
Nave! Oranges per doz 30c
Elsewhere 40c. because they are worth
the price.
f Jnnan Haddles per Ib ISc
New «hlj>rnent. Reg. 20c.
Almonds-New crop Ib 10c
But beinsr a trifle undersized, although
sweet and meaty, we cut the price from
20c.
Candy, French Mixed Ib 35c
The fame fine kind that la told In candy
stores at 50c.
LIQUORS.
California Brandy bot 75c. ga! $3
Reg. 91 and *4.
Barbee Bourbon, per bot 75c, gal $3
Reg. |1 and $4.
Muscatel and ) per bot 25c
Angelica Wines S per gal $1.00
Rejr. S5c and ?1 60.
Choice Zlnrandel per gal 60c (
Reg. 73c. ]
White Label Porter per doz $1.85 '
Reg. $2.
Thes« liquors are all of an extremely
ipod kind. In every way suitable for the
••big dinner of the year."
Lund strom Hals
The kind that gives satisfaction.
The right kind.
They fit.
They are stylish.
- * . They are comfortable.
They wear well.
They arc $-.30 and
Pacific Coast Hat
1458 Market Street,
Directly Opp. Central Theater.
and 605 Kearny Street.
Hat orders for Christmas.
:.i
WeBHy Can $L00 Der Year
2TEWMAN & LEVTNSON.
Keaniy and Satter Sts. C^^^ssssl?
Holiday Art Ware Sale ( s^ n f«
At 1/4- Off Regular Prices
There are thousands of articles appropriate for Christmas
Gifts in this immense collection of Art Ware— all new, choice
and of the latest designs. Every piece would be reasonable
at its regular price and for a present or for personal use, you
will find it to your' advantage to see these, goods — all 25 per
cent, off marked prices :
Real Bronze Statuettes Bohemian Art Glassware
one-quarter off. one-quarter off.
Bronze Cabinet Ornaments Hand-Carved Glassware
one-quarter off. one-quarter oft.
Choice Objects of Art Handsome Vases and Bowls
• one-quarter off. one-quarter off.
Noveltv Liqueur Sets Fancy Smoking Sets
one-quarter off. • • ' , ¦ one- quarter off.
. A PRACTICAL CHRISTMAS GIFT "
Silk Waist Pattern :VCKS»
¦ A Silk Waist Pattern is a gift never out of fashion — we
have a splendid lot on sale to-day for you to choose from.
These patterns, in ample lengths for a smart up-to-date waist,
are in the most fashionable designs of this season's Fancy
Silks — including Taffetas, Louisines, Peau de Soies, Pongees,
Corded India Silks, etc.
Prices range $1.35> $2.00, $2.50, $4.00 and $5.00 per Pattern.
Beautiful Toilet Sets cssj'K')
You won't have to think twice as to the desirability of
these pretty Toilet Sets for a Christmas Gift when you see
them. They are this season's latest importations and they're
priced this way :
Pretty Toilet Sets of fancy net and Handsome Toilet Sets of fish-net;
baby ribbons, with ruffle edge ruffle and center trimmed with rib-
trimmed with lace; lined <tl zd bons— pin cushion cover * o y-
fn light colors; special at «pl .03 with large ribbon bow; at «NJ.< O
Toilet Sets of fine white dotted Fine Point d'Esprit Toilet Sets,
net, with dainty ruffle, edged beautifully trimmed with lace in-
with double row of" lace and Sfrtion and one-inch ribbon; lined
ribbons; excellent value *~ o - in pink, blue and yellow, -*j-
at §Z»ZD pf r set yo»Z3
AN EXCEPTIONAL SALE OF
Gun Metal Pencils osssei
Just in time for Christmas, so near at hand. An elegant
lot of Gun Metal Pencils was obtained by us at a marked con-
cession in price, owing to the large quantity we purchased.
Each pencil has a highly polished Gun Metal barrel, with
three gilt tips for different color leads, which slide into barrel
when closed. If bought in the regular way they could CHp
not be sold for less than Si.oo each — Sale price to-day OUu
_________________
Ladies' Walking Skirts
(Third Floor, Kearcy Street)
Tailor-made Walking Skirts, made Stylish Corset Skirt, of fine
of men's wear mixtures, seven quality Melton, in gray, oxford
gores, findy stitched and neatly and black ; welted seams tailor-:
trimmed at the bottom ci c(\ stitched — one of the best a-
with buttons; special at «po. jv values offered this season 3>3.UU
Sale of Boys' Sweaters (^ D ?sn
They Make Acceptable Christmas Gifts
• An exceptionally fine lot of Boys' Fancy Sweaters go on
sale to-day — they are all entirely new, made of good quality
wool, in navy blue, red, royal blue and black, with the
neatest of fancy stripes — all sizes from 4 to 14 years C I OC
— your choice of them while they last at, each «P ' •^**
Arabian Lace Curtains (is d sSr e o
SPECIAL SALE TO-DAY
If you have need for Curtains — it will pay you to-take
advantage of this offer. We have determined to give our
customers to-day the best bargain in Arabian Curtains ever
300 Pairs Arabian Lace Curtains with superior
quality cable net centers — several handsome
insertion border designs to choose from —
curtains that sell regularly at $3.25 pair — sale <r a rn
price to-day 3>Z.0U
GLOVE ORDERS PURCHASED HERE WILL BE HONORED
IN ANY DEPARTMENT.
Open Saturday Evening: until 10:30 o'clock.
HALE'S. | BALE'S.*
Beddings for Christmas.
First, these fancy sets of a sheet and two pillow-cases boxed
— just fixed up nice for Christmas. $2.co to $3--5 set -
Bedspreads for Christmas Giving, and especially these beau-
tiful Marseilles— $2.00, $2.50, $3.00 and as high as $io.ool
White Blankets are acceptable, too. Here they are in great
variety— S5. 00. $5.50, $6.50, $7.50, $10 and $12.50. Let's look
particularly at these
$5.00 Wool Blankets at $3.95.
. They're large 5-lb. ones, double bed size, set off with pretty borders;
This bedding store doesn't lack for good things.
-Double Sheets, 50c. Special Pillow Cases, 9c.
81x90 is their actual measurement, They're cheaper than you can buy
made from a good splendid muslin, goods for by the yard; usual size,
bleached and hemmed. ;. 45x36 inches.
2 Special Dolls Hcre thc Waists -
-p. . • White mercerized ones.
b or no one to miSS. Black and wkiu mercerized.
And 110 One Will want to Beautijul alpacas.
. . . . c Black sateen waists,
miSS .them when they hear of And a long line 0/ flannel waists.
them and see them. Here's a M ki ?ds, many of them under regu-
, , ,, . . , , ., lar trices.
regular $1.50 full-jointed doll Ifs good fortunc that comc$ to us
to sell at Si. 18. every now and then. These big
21 in. tan (aimoM 2 feet), imagine it. factories say that they would rather
with the best quality bisque head, eyes lose a little money than to lose
that open and shut, fine mohair curly any time getting to work on thc
wik. papier mache body. dr«»ed with t scason ' s goods. We JUS1 as
pretty lace trimmed slip. If you want a *"-¦"•'• *> _:*l_ : tl \.; n *^
doll to-day or any day « s it. leave they would, since it brings
T ", -i i ta 11 r o such bargains as these.
indeStrUCtlble DOll lOr OC. White mercerized waists in Chcforda an*
Regular price Is 15c: ha, cloth body. g^fe 9 f% SW w'tI. 1 "*
composition forearms, bisque head, pretty Alpacas, $1 75, $1 93.
mohair wlc. as well as shoes and stock- Black eateens, 95c, $1 25. $1 50 and
ings; 10% inches tall and only 8c. We $1 85.
don't know of anything to equal It la Flannel waists. $1 50. $1 85 and |_ 83.
the city. —————
m — The Prize Picture
ComiC BOOkS 48C : To-day ty Clifford Bu«be«.
For Children Good for 9-year-old,
loruiildren. This contest has glistened with
Happy Hooligan and his brother Gloomy many bright ideas. They are all
Gus, Katzenjammer Kids, Foxy Grand- . - • - c_-»- r't,..,.' a.*
pa. AlphonM and Oaston, On and Off the shining now in Santa Claus Art
Ark. Uustcr Brown. . . Gallery, second floor. See them.
This is a new series for the chil- See what the little folks can do. It's
dren and one they are all delighted a stud y in child art -
in. Include one of these books on O c
your Christmas list. £f¥**Y*^'^ J *$%^t m $^*1'**~* £ *Q
Buy Hole's Glove Orders for /f/^i&£^$i%r*%? ' •¦
Christinas. Cash them at any
Market St., Near Sixth. o t
MARKS BROS.
SANTA CLAUS I
Will be in attendance to-day at Marks
Bros, and will give to each child
accompanied by parent
A BOX OF. CANDY. \
UNDOUBTEDLY THE F0REM0ST\
BARGAIN EVENT OF ITS KIND
THIS SEASON HAS WITNESSED.
is price placed upon Wrap-
Q h r\ per as pictured for to-day
* y «- /c^ I only. Sold regularly $1.25.
Wrappers are handsomely sty fed ;
you need to look no further than the
picture to realize that. . As to the price
— well, it speaks for itself.
Wrappers are made from an ex eel -
ent quality of flannelette —neatly trim-
med in braid— "extra full skirts "— "neat
waist effects "— with ' an unusual "deep
flounce" and "deep hem." Several very
pretty, clear, washable patterns to select
from.
¦ Latest arrivals in Holiday Handker-
chiefs, Belts, Bags, Fancy Neckwear and
Ribbon No i cities now on display.
We sell Merchandise Orders. They are ap-
propriate and up to date Holiday
Gifts for one to give.
Commencing Monday Evening, December
14th, Open Every Night Until Christmas.
Green Trading Stamps Given With'
v :¦ -'Every Purchase.
MARKS BROS.
¦'^HONEST VALUES" ,
1220-1223-1224 HAEKET ; ST3EET.
• . '•• Between 'Taylor and Jones. ¦ •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Gunn Sectional Bookcase I
¦ - .¦¦.-.