EDWARD EVERETT HALE.
WHO WILL BE CHAPLAIN
OF THE SENATE.
Island Republic
Bars Chinese
Coolies.
; ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 14.-Alew
ish immigration to America is increas
ing, owing to , the scarcity of work.
Jcwish Immigration Increases.
; .¦•:.- LISBON,*. Dec. 44.— King Alfonso to
day completed'his^ Visit to Lisbon.^ The
Spanish King 'will reach Madrid *on Fri-
Alfonso '. Visits! Lisbon.-
>' ST. : JOHNS, 1 N. F., Dec. : 14.— During
a^ fierce J gale - last night the , schooner
Sailor's .' Home was driven ; ashore at
Sti Marys Bay and; the' crew, of r six
persons ,perlshed.'; The schooner^is now
a 'derelict Vand was seen about
in" the .'ocean to-day. * .:
Six "t Perish , in a Storm.
LONDON. Dec. .15-TrThe' corre
spondent of the Morning Leader at
The Hague; says it fs/repjorjed! there
that both Holland and Great Britain
Great Britain and Holland^Said to"In
sist Upon Exorbitant' Demand. '
ASK MILLIONS OF PANAMA.
Several War Vessels.
" MARE ISLAND. Dec 14.— The em
ployes of " the storehouse department
v.^re busy yesterday transporting
Ktores to the Solace, which. will likely,
leave Thursday or Friday for the lower
bay. Sensational reports that "entire
torpedo fleet is ordered to Panama"
Coal and Stores Jiving Hurried Aboard
NAVAL OFFICERS BUSY.
ST. .PAUL. -Dec. 14.— The Great
1 Northern to-day .] completed Jts passen
ger department staff . "change?*, which
Included' several- importanC appoint-*
ments. John W. Phalon, travV ling pas
senger; agent, at \ Portland, -.vas trans
ferred * to? San ' Francisco, and ' will be
given ; charge of. the Great Northern's
interests in ?, California. .Heczucceeded
Henry. Hugglns.- who H. V.
Lucas, ; travelings passenger* agent * at
Seattle, has^beeiv appointed .to, fill ; Pha
lon's jformer post. ; Both, changes will
go* Into effect ! to-morrow. ' ' ,
• * Railroad's Interests in
£.:>;:." California . '-. •;
Portland 3Ian Is Given Charge of the
GREAT NORTHERN SENDS :
' PHALON TO \ THIS \ CITY
Report Is to the Effect That the Em*
peror Is Worried By HIa
Throat.
LONDON, Dec. 15.— The Daily News
this morning announces that it learns
from well-informed quarters that a
second operation has been performed
on the Kaiser's throat. The paper add3
that its information is that a third
operation may be necessary.
Normal School Trustees Appointed.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 14.— Governor
Pardee to-day reappointed Dr. R. M.
Powers and George W. Marston Trus
tees of the State Normal School at
San Diego. Their terms expired last
July, but no appointments were made
to succeed them until to-day, when they
were appointed to succeed themselves.
RUMOR THAT KAISER
HAS ANOTHER OPERATION
CAPE TOWN,- Dec. 14.— According. to,
"an ' official 'dispatch from the". Harte
beeste River District, ay Hottentot
laager was attacked and; captured by
a Gefman^patrol on Saturday, last. The
Hottentots drove tha Germans ,? across*
the river,' firing heavily and '^severely
wounding ¦ Lieutenant Becklin fand -one
private. .The Hottentots / subsequently
retreated, losing three killed ;andVtvvo"
wounded. ¦ . More ¦ fighting ; is : expected/. .'
During the engagement, the Cape.po-'
lice 'cameYunder' the fire, of ithe^Hot
tentots,; who,- 'say; that;: they;} shot "at
the police-officers] by:>mistake; ,
Lieutenant and One Private Wounded
and Further Fighting Is
, Kxj>ected.
GERMAN, PATROIi ATTACKS
_ A HOTTENTOT IiAAGER
BAKERSFIEL.D. Dec. 14.— A serious
clash has occurred at Sunset between
the forces of the Consolidated Califor
nia Oil Fields Company and the Santa
Fe -Railroad Company.; over the rights
of way of the two corporations. - It is
reported to-night that armed men are
guarding the oil company's domain and
holding in. check the employes of the
railroad.
Persons who arrived here to-day, re
port that the oil company, hired a num
ber .'of teams and drivers, . paying:, it
is said. $5 a day. in order to get men
at once, and . tore up the railroad's
grading Across . a . tract of • forty acres
north of the Alameda property. After
doing this a vacant house was moved
on to the right c-f way and guards were
placed In it to keep the railroad -com
pany's laborers from working.
.From\what can be learned, the Im
mediate cause of the trouble was that
the Consolidated Oil Felds Company de
mands a right of .way for its pipe line
across the same property and -is will
ing, to allcrw the Santa Feto cross the
land, which belongs to one of. its affil
iated companies, only on condition that
it is given certain privileges in this re
gard.
The trouble is said to have been
brewing for some time past; - in fact,
ever, since the Santa Fe commenced
builtiing its extension, which comes into
direct competition with . the pipe line
which is being constructed by the.Con
solidated California Oil Felds Company,
the big corporation promoted by Jewett
& Blodgett of this cityand backed by
capital In' France. * .
• z'
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, bee. 14.— The manage
ment of the Majestic Theater an
nounced to-night that it would dis-i
charge its men usher3 and put women
in 'their places. This decision was
reached to-day after Manager Flaherty
had a final talk with a good looking
woman, who says she is Miriam Foster.
Miss Foster appeared at the theater
a 'few days ago and demanded a Job,
but was told there was none vacant in
the business department, to which she
wished to be assigned. She would not
entertain the' suggestion of going be
hind the' footlights,, saying:
"None of that for me. I know some
thing about that end of the theatrical •
business, for I have had a try at it.
What I want Is to break into the busi
ness - end. of it. There's where the
money is, to be had."
Manager Flaherty told her there was
not a single place vacant. She ap
peared at the theater, to-day. When
told ; there ' was no vacancy she .; ' sug
gested that women ushers be appoint
ed. .When ; the; press agent was invited
in to- talk" this :over he seized upon; the
woman usher idea like a hungry "man.
' Miss Foster; said she was willing to
be an usher and Flaherty commissioned
her • to go ¦ and find others. To-night
she reported she had found, seven jother
women, : 'all: good 'looking, who wanted
such « places and \ she and her i seven
maids will begin, work to-morrow, at
the' matinee. . - .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLON, Dec. 14.— A company of ma
rines from the United States cruiser
Prairie was Janded here to-day, under
the command of Captain S. D. Butler,
and immediately started by train for
Panama. The destination of the ma
rines is Baid to have been Yaviza, up
the San Miguel Gulf and Tucari River.
It Is believed that the decision of the
naval authorities to station marines
at Yevlra may be owing to the reports
that Colombian troops have been seen
In that direction, but up to the pres
ent time there is no reason to believe
that any large force is under orders
to march on Panama from Cauca. The
opinion seems to prevail that the few
Colombian soldiers seen were probably
scouts who were endeavoring to learn
what preventive and protective meas
ures were being taken by the re
public of Panama, and that it was their
presence which gave rise to the cx
affgera.tr<d rumors of a speedy attack
by Colombia upon the isthmus.
It is more likely that the movement
of marines to Yaviza is in conformity
with the, policy of the naval author
ities to concentrate forces at points
which offer the best facilities for get
ting immediate information of a move
ment of Colombian troops toward Pan
ama and at the same time affording
the marines some relief from their con
finement to the ships. The. marines
carried with them aU requisites for
camp life and also a number of ma
chine ' suns.
R«l>orts of Colombian Advance Lead
to Naval Actirity.
3IARIXES LAND OX ISTHMUS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14. —Vigorous
measures are; being, taken by ; the
Board of Health to prevent" an' out
breakof rmallpox in New, York, and
to that end it has appointed sixty-four
¦new inspectors, who will co-operate
with the large force of regular inspec
tors in searching for per.sohs 'who have
not been vaccinated: ' ' Many ¦ cases : of
snail pox have been reported 5 lately in
large cities near here and the authori
ties -are -determined to forestall^ the
disease in -New York.
All schools, •" tenement houses, de
partment ;¦ stores and similar places
where - people/ congregate are to be
visited by the inspectors and Jefforts
will not be- relaxed until the'.depart
ment is reasonably certain that, every
man, woman and'child in-lhe; city has
l«een vaccinated. >:£*>;
Measures to Forestall Spread
of the Disease. /.' :
Board of Health Adopts Vigorous
PREPARING TO FIGHT,
SMALLPOX IX NEW YORK
Railroad and an Oil
Company at Odds
•in Kern.
New York Manager to
Give Innovation
a Trial.
NEW YORK. Dec. 14. — In a ser
mon on the life of the late Herbert
Spencer, the Rev. Dr. Mlnot J. Savage,
in the Unitarian Church of the Mes
siah, has given the theory of evolu
tion credit for having "forever de
stroyed intelligent belief on the part
of anybody in the Garden of Eden,
Adam and Eve or the fall of man.
Evolution," ho asserted, "has forever
removed those stories, and kindred
ones, to the land of myth, where they
belong.". |
In concluding his remarks, Dr. Sav
age said:
. "Humanity has been on this earth
two or three hundred thousand years
at least. Humanity, however, slowly,
has been evolving, claiming from the
far-off beginning there never has been
any fall. Evolution has wrought out
not the fall of man, but the ascent of
man. That means the complete re
construction of the entire theology of
Christendom. It is coming, it has got
to come. There are thousands of
churches Jo-day In which the Eden
story is quietly referred to as though,
it were poetry or allegory. There are
thousands of others where it Is quietly
laid to one side."
Dr. Mi not J. Savage Declares Evolu
tion Is Responsible for the New
Awakening.
SAYS EDEN AND FALL
OF MAX ARE FICTION
ARMED MEN
KEEP WATCH
OYER LAID
are not confirmed officially. So far.
the Perry and- the. Paul Jones are the'
only torpedo-boats , with to go
to Panama. These^ two boats ' are now
ready to leave for the lower bay, but
await the arrival of ; some) of • the' of
ficers from the EasU The'New^York
Is now -on the way from 4 Fremerton
to San Francisco .and may. receive or?
ders to go from there to the isthmus. .
Commandant McCalla and Naval Con
structor Zahn were,' kept 'busy, yester
day supervising the rush orders for the
coaling of . the 2 Perry and : Paul • Jones
and sniping the stores aboard the Sol
ace.
The terms of Russia's reply to
Japan have been communicated to the
Japanese Minister, Baron Hayashi, ,by
the Government in Tokio. The Min
ister subsequently said the .negotia
tions were still incomplete, but he sig
nificantly added that he saw no rea
son to change his previously expressed
opinion that a peaceful , issue . would
result therefrom. ' * %\;
After a careful examination of the
Russian draft of 'the agreement the
Foreign Office here. is inclined to the
belief that Its immediate acceptance,
by Japan is unlikely, and looks for a
series of Russo-Japanese; pourparlers
dealing with modifications. It says the
pourparlers ' may ' last for several
weeks. The Foreign Office, 'however,
regards the -draft as a distinct step
toward a pacific settlement. J
BARQX HAYASHI OPTI3I1STIC.
"The Russian reply," Baron Hay
ashi said, "is in the' form of. an agree
ment, which, if satisfactory-, to Js.pan,
LONDON, Dec. 15.— The Daily
Mall's Kobe correspondent says that
the agreement which is reported to
have been entered into between Rus
sia and Korea,, by the terms of which,
in the event of an emergency, Rus
•sian officers will be employed to guard
the royal. palace, provides. also for the 1
employment of a Russian" major and a
Russian captain in each Korean bat
talion "when emergency *' necessi
tates it"
It is understood that .after a dis
cussion" to-day of the' relations exist
ing between . Russia .and Japan the
British Cabinet^ made . no arrange
ment for a further meeting this year..
This is regarded as' a.\ peaceful" sign.
Great Britain" and Japan- are bound
by a treaty ' to ¦ Keep one'another fully
informed and any prospect -of. a' criti
cal outcome of the Russo-Japanese
negotiations would necessitate, another
Cabinet Council. It is -believed that
France, like Great Britain, is using
her greatest efforts : to influence' her
ally in the direction of the;preserva
tion of peace.
RUSSIA'S REPLY IS PACIFIC.
insist | that the republic of Panama
shall assume liability for $15,000,000
of the Colombian \ debt. t t ; * •¦£ ?j
.SEOUL. Dec. 14.— The Japanese land
ed, marines .at Mokphe- yesterday to
suppress,rioting5uring .a strike among
laborers. It is reported that they fired
upon the. mob,- killing several persons.
The strike was "among Korean coolies
employed in the foreign concession,
which precipitated clashes among the
Koreans and Japanese. The affair, it
is believed, maycause local complica
tions, and., it -is;. possible Russia may
send - a .warship,' should the Korean
Government resent ;the landing of ma
rines by Japan. '/ ¦*
: Mokpbe*>.is a :t'own on. the southwest
cdast .of Korea, i It has "about -9000'In
habitants.-'. "- - -S.
• PARIS, Dec. 14.— No information has
been -received; here confirmatory of the
dispatch . from Seoul announcing the
landing of . marines at Mokphe," yester
day, to suppress^ riot, but it is pointed
out that i the landing . of-- marines by
Japan" would notj.be likely to provoke a
question, ssince; in her , reply to the
Japanese' j demands, Russia * acknowl
edged the paramount character of Jap T
atiese interests -in 'Korean Moreover,
theincident is regarded as being an In
dication i that Japan is disposed to ac
cept-Russia's counter-proposals, as she
is evidently active on. the theory that
her Interests in Korea cannot longer be
disputed. , 'Tf-'J
Japanese 'Bluejackets Fire Upon .Mob
\ of Rioters in Mokhe. .
MARINES liAXD IX KOREA.
can immediately be signed. In that
event all' questions now pending would
receive final settlement. I have re
ceived , no information from my Gov
ernment regarding its probable action.
All I can say is that I firmly believe
the Russo-Japanese difficulty will be
pacifically settled. Further'pourpar
lers with the view to modifications on
the part of Japan may be necessary,
but thisis a matter which rests entire
ly, with*" my Government. • It is impos
sible to give out even a synopsis of the
agreement., Possibly, even in the event
of its - signature, both Governments
might -decide: to keep the treaty
secret." . ' ¦ "
Russia's Reply to Japanese
Officials Not Warlike
JAPANESE MINISTER TO GREAT
BRITAIN': "WHO IS' HOPEFUL
OF PEACE IN; THE FAR EAST..
; Depew remarked 'that many speeches
against the^blll had contained state
ments that the industries of four or
five Kreat States; were In danger of be
ing'destroyed.by reason of competition
with. " Cpba." *_'Cub«u_ B - aa .^only—hal t~ as
larseas'the State"; of New York and it
stood to reason that such a territory
could not work absolute disaster to .the
States making the compfalnt.
Teller replied that Cuba was capable
of supporting a population of 15,000,000,
while New York had only 7,000,000 and
was not capable of supporting that
number. / • ~
Lodge said he had been lodking up
the matter of Cuban laws relative to
the immigration of Chinese and had
been informed by the Cuban Minister
that the island had adopted the ex
clusioi* law of this country.
sole difference is one of intelligence."
Senator Spooner observed: "You pay
us a high compliment."
It has been determined, in the event
of sending a military expedition to Co
lombia or the isthmus, to use one of
the Porto Rican battalions for this
service, because of the advantage to be
obtained from Spanish-speaking sol
diers with the Americans.
Major Robert L. Howze, command
ing: one of the Porto Rican battalions.
is In Washington on his way back to
Porto R'co and was at the War De
partment to-day. General Rafael
Reyes, the Colombian special envoy,
":p-day paid his first visit to the State
Department since his presentation to
the President
The general staff, in mapping out a
plan for possible war with Colombia,
has determined to follow a pro
gramme, which, it is hoped, will make
the confiict as Ehort as possible. To
do this it will be necessary, it is said,
to invade Colombia and pursue the
enemy to his own territory.
Information has been called for by
the general staff showing that the
ports of Barranquilla and Buenaven
tura are being considered as possible
landing places for American troops
and that the objective point of two
military forces landing at those places
will be Bogota. By forcing the fight
ing in Colombia, it is believed, the Co
lombian troops v.ill be diverted from
the isthmus.
Military authorities are paying no
attention to the pacific assurances of
General Reyes and the Colombian au
thorities and are considering the pres
ent situation as if hostilities with Co
lombia were Imminent. According to
Secretary Koot, it is the duty of the
general staff to prepare plans for any
possibte -emergency.
There was a long conference to-day
between Lieutenant General Young,
chief of staff, and General J. Frank
lin Bell, who has been tentatively
elected to command the United States
expedition to Colombia in case war
develops between the two countries.
This conference is officially explained
as relating to matters connected with
the general service ' school at Fort
Leavenworth. There is trustworthy
information, however, that Generals
Young and Bell talked about the pro
posed military expedition to the Isth
mus of Panama.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14. — Plans for
the invasion of Colombia by troops of
the United States are being considered
secretly by the • general staff of the
army.
£st cltl Dispatch to The Call.
Murphy., aays morphine was repeat
edly injected ,into Drucker. Drucker
said he was insured for $500,000 and
.the nurses laughed at him. Finally an
attendant gave Drucker a dose which
put him to sleep. Murphy says that
in the morning when he awoke, Druck
er lay absolutely still. He jumped for
Drucker's bed and tried to awaken
him, &.:d when Drucker did not re
spond he called the nurses and they
found him dead. ¦.
"Drucker was brought into. the ward
shortly after noon on Wednesday. He
was Immediately stripped. I saw one
of them remove his watch and chain
and another take his studs. Another
who searched his clothing said loudly
'that he had only 68 cents."
DRUGGED WITH MORPHINE.
James Murphy, the .writer: of the. let
ter to Robinson, was seen to-day at the
TQmbs».;wJiere^e-ha4i\iieJi."f"Mnanded.
He told his Etoryjin- a -simple, straight
forward mariner, ;'• V
• "This nian was "drugged and pounded
to death, after he had been robbed,'.' de
clared Murphy. VI was^in the ward
when he. came in, and was in the cot
next to him during the short time that
he lived- there. He was allowed to die
like a' dog, and was treated worse than
a mad one. Every time he tried to tell
who he was he was" laughed at or
beaten and told to shut up and stop his
noise.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— Statements
will be laid before Inspector George W.
McClusky, chief of the detective bu
reau, to justify a demand for an inves
tigation into the circumstances sur
rounding the death of Adolphus Druck
"er, the wealthy former member of {he
British Parliament, who died in the
prison ward of. Bellevue Hospital on
Thursday, last. A letter -was received
by Mr. Robinson, Drucker's counsel, at
his office, reading as follows: '
"Sunday, Dec. 13.— Mr.' Robinson-
Dear Sir: I happened unfortunately to
be present in Bellevue Hospital when
yc-ur client, Drucker, was robbed and
murdered there. I was in the cot next
to him when he died. If you want any
further "Droof call* and see me. I am
at present in cell 76. Tombs Annex, but
will be down for trial to-morrow at 10
a. m. There was another witness to
his death struggle, whose address I
have not at present, but who can be
found. Yours respectfully,
"JAMES MURPHY."
TREATED IJKE A->1AD DOG.
Special Dispatch to The Call
»
Death in New York of a Former Mem
ber of British Farliamant Will '>
Be-investigated.
Should Expected Hostilities Begin, Amer
ican Troops Will Land Upon the
Coast of the Republic.
Declares Ricli - Englishman
Was Robbed and Killed
.by Nurses,-
Bogota Government to Be
Put Upon the Defen
sive at Outset.
Beall (D.) of Texas said that while
the Democrats wanted a canal they
wanted it in an honorable way. He
asserted that it was known to the rep
resentatives of the United States on
the isthmus, that the revolt was to oc
cur,' and It also was known in Wash
ington.
Adams, explaining the dispatch to
Consul Ehrman sent by Secretary Hay
and auoted by Beall. in which Infor
mation was asked concerning a "re
ported uprising," said the Secretary
had sent the message in view of the
information contained in an Associated
Press dispatch.
Baker (D.) of New York, speaking
on the subject of labor, contended that
compensating wages were not given.
He cited the testimony as to wages
taken before the Anthracite Coal Com
mission, and said It showed "conditions
of slavery." He said the United States
Steel Company sold stock to Its em
ployes at a figure thirty points higher
than present quotations. In New York,
he said, the trusts squeezed the labor
ing man until he was willing to work
at low wages. He referred to the ship
building trust, connecting it with the
steel trust.^and declared that the stock
of both concerns was watered.
ADAMS REPLIES TO BEALL.
The House then went into commit
tee of the whole, with Lawrence of
Massachusetts in the chair, for the fur
ther consideration of the pensions ap
propriation bill. Adams (R.) of Penn
sylvania spoke on the Panama situa
tion. He defended the course pursued
by this Government in connection with
the canal auestior and the policy of
the administration in dealing with the
Central American situation.^-
Galnes (D.) of Texas spoke on tobacco
interests, asserting the need of legisla
tion in behalf of the grower.
Llnd (D.) of Minnesota, speaking on
the tariff, said that two of the great
est manufacturing nations of the earth
had reached the highest points in their
greatness, one under a protective pol
icy, the other under free trade. There
fore the right could* not be claimed for
protection nor the wrong for free trade.
In his opinion there would be no free
trade in this country. Llnd argued for
freer trade relations -with Canada, say
ing that we received raw material from
the Canadians and sold them industrial
products. /¦
3IANY QUESTIONS DEBATED.
A joint resolution was adopted pro
viding that the last naval appropria
tion bill shall not be so construed as
to deprive midshipmen at sea of com
mutation of rations. —
The House, upon convening, adopted
a concurrent resolution providing for
a recess ad4ournment from December
19 to January 4. The Speaker, by
unanimous consent, appointed Delegate
Kalaninanolc cf Hawaii as a member
of the Committee on Territories.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— The House
was in session for a little more than
four hours to-day, during which time
there was a general discussion on va
ried topics. The pension appropriation
bill was before the House, but no con
clusion upon it wag reached. The isth
mian canal and the republic of Pana
ma, the tariff, tobacco interests and
questions affecting labor were debated.
FAIR MAIDS
AS USHERS
IN THEATER
TRUSTS TO REAP BENEFITS.
"But," said Bailey, "I say those who
will reap the benefits are the sugar and
tobacco trusts and they have no rigfit
to it. I believe the Republican Senators
are honest intheir support. In fact I
do not think there is any difference
between the two sides of this chamber
on Questions of honesty. I believe the
"I never heard that he was a lawyer
at all," answered Bailey. "While I
have heard that he spent some days
and nights at lighter literature I am
not aware that he has encountered the
drudgery of tha law — and more's the
pity of it."
He declared ' that the President, by
the course followed in this treaty, had
performed an insolent usurpation of
the privileges of the House. The pro
ceeding, he declared, amounted to
moral and political coercion and It was
a matter of no little wonder that the
House did not substitute for the pres-.
ent measure the bill whlcn it passed
under independent action less than two
years ago. Why did the House forego
its independent judgment of less than
two years ago? he asked. Why -did it
bo mildly' execute the President's, will?
It wasj because the House was ; under
the administration lash. Bailey, said
;thaV_the->first_ argument; advanced in
stfDOort^of the bill was that it was a
duty , to the suffering- Cubans; but,
driven* from cover, the friends of the
bill said that it was a'great commercial
stroke.'' . *' r ;'rH~-''.1'
, In the course of a colloquy with Stew
art, Bailey said that the President be
lieved Just as the Nevada Senator did.
"Then he is a good lawyer," respond
ed Senator Stewart.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— The Re
publican Senators in caucus to-day de
cided upon Rev. Edward Everett Hale
of Boston for chaplain of the session
of the Senate, beginning January 1.
He is a Congregationalist and is now
83 years old.
The Senate spent the day on th*
Cuban bill, most of the time being oc
cupied by Bailey of Texas In an elab
orate argument against ths constitu
tionality of the proceedings. He claimed
that no treaty changing the revenue
laws' that \yas not first authorized by
legislation originating Jn the Hpuse of
Representatives was valid. Bailey also
opposed the bill as a matter of general
policy. Brief speeches were made by
Senators Teller, Depew and Lodge. The
latter asserted that Cuba had adopted
the same immigration laws as those of
the United States in regard to Chinese
immigration.
: Bailey in opposing the Cuban bill de
clared it to be vicious, both as a mat
ter of law and of policy.
TAKES FLING AT PRESIDENT.
Farmer Bellevue Pa
tient's Sensational
Accusation.
General Staff Maps
Out a War Pro
gramme.
Texan Asserts It
v Is a Trust
Measure.
Pension Bill Dis
cussed in the
House.
PLANNING
TO INVADE
COLOMBIA
DISCLOSES
MURDER IN
HOSPITAL
BAILEY OF TEXAS SAYS
CUBAN BILL IS VICIOUS
ENGLAND EXPECTS
PEACE IN ORIENT
VOLUME XCY— NO. 15.
T2E THEATIS3. S/~
Alcazar— "The Girl X left Be
hind Me." 'v
Calif oraia — "Poxy Grandpa."
Central — "The Scout's Beveasre."
Columbia — "Solly Varden."
rischex's — "I. O. TJ."
Grand — "The Bonnie Brier
Bush." ¦ .V?.Vy
Orpheum — Vandevillo.
The Chutes — Vaudeville.
Forecast made at San rraa
cisco for thirty hours eadia?
miinisrbt. December 15:
Su Xranclsco and riclnity—
Cloudy Tuesday; probably show
en: f reih southeast winds. .
A. O. McADIE.
District rorecaster.
THE WEATEEE.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1903.
The San Francisco CallPopular Clubman Dies.
John O'Neil Reis. popularly known
as "Jack" Reis, died at his apartments
in the Hotel Redondo Sunday. He
had been ill but a week, his death re
sulting from an attack of pneumonia.
BOLOGNA, Italy, Dec. 14.— A mon
archical 'paper published here, which
is considered to be generally well in
formed, says it has received news
from a trustworthy source that Dow
ager Queen Margharita, during a re
cent journey to Norway, contracted a
morganatic marriage with an engineer
SO years old. •
ROME, Dec. II.— The report tele
graphed from Bologna that Dowager
Queen ilargharita, during a recent
journey to Norway, had contracted a
morganatic marriage with an engineer
30 years old, is authoritatively denied.
The engineer to whom the queen moth
er is alleged to have been married is
named Tenerand.
The departure from Russia of Dr. Gus
tav Tammar.n. professor of chemistry at
the University of Dorpat. to accept a
chair at Gottingen. has been much com
mented on, because he was tfce last re
maining eminent instructor at that once
famous seat of learning.
Barclay J. Smith, the well, known
merchant and founder of Smith's Cash
Store on Market street, near Steuart,
died yesterday morning at his home,
570 Harrison street. Death came after
a Ions illness, the last five weeks of
which the dead merchant passed at nis
home, being unable to leave the house.
Smith was born in Pennsylvania and
was 70 years' of age.- More than twen
ty-five years ago he came to California
and started a retail house under the
name of Smith's Cash Store at 519 Post
street. Through his • business ability
the trade of the little store grew to
such a prosperous state in a few years
"First — It placed the control of the
two roads in the hands of a single per
son, to wit, the Securities Company, by
virtue of its ownership of a large ma
jority of the stock of both companies.
"Second — It destroyed every motive
for competition between two roads en
gaged in interstate traffic, which were
natural competitors for business, by
pooling the earnings of the two roads
for the common benefit of the stock
holders of both companies; and, accord
ing to the familiar rule that every one
is presumed to intend what is the nec
essary consequence of his own acts,
wtien done willfully and deliberately,
we must conclude that those who con
ceived and executed the plan aforesaid
intended, among other things, to ac
complish those objects."
The Attorney General's own summary
of the results is as follows:
"To sum up the result of the afore
mentioned exchanges of Great North
ern and Northern Pacific stock for the
stock of the Securities, the latter com
pany on December 11, 1901, had ac
quired and paid for 990,000 shares" (in
round figures) of the Great Northern
stock, the . total capital stock of that
company consisting of 1,250,000 shares,
of which 1,220,000 had been issued, and
by January 1, 1S02, the Securities. Com
pany had acquired virtually all of the
common stock of the Northern Pacific
(the preferred stock was retired on that
date, the resolution to retire It having
been passed In the preceding Novem
oer), its answer to the bill admitting
that it held 1,500,000 Northern Pacific
shares out of a total of 1,550,000.
"The final result of the transactions
was that one and the same set of -men,
Hill and Morgan and their associates
being the ruling spirits among them,
acting together under a charter agree
ment and through the agency of a
corporate organization, became invest
ed with* absolute power of control over
two parallel and competing systems of
interstate railway. In place of the
two distinct sets of stockholders with
rival and competing interests, namely,
the stockholders of the Great Northern
and Northern Pacific, ' there has ' been
substituted by means of the inter
change of stocks described, the one set
of stockholders, with one common and
non-competitive interest, namely, the
stockholders of the Securities Company.
Thus, identically the same persons who
controlled the Great Northern and
Northern Pacific before the Securities
Company came Into possession of a
majority 'of their shares, control them
now, only now these persons have a
common Interest— "community of inter
est"—in the earnings of both roads,
while formerly the interests of '"two
sets of persons— the two sets of stock-
"At the present time the Securities
Company is the owner of about 9* # per
cent of all the stock of the Northern
Pacific Company and the owner of
about TO per cent of all the stock of the
Great Northern Company. The scheme
which was thus devised and consum
mated led inevitably to the following
results:
After stating that the bill in the case
was originally brought by the Govern
ment to restrain the violation of the
anti-trust law by the Securities Com
pany in the consolidation of the North
ern Pacific and the Great Northern
railroads, and that the decision of the
court below was favorable to the con
tentions of the United States, the brief
enters into the following specifications
as to the reasons for the action:
1. The lines of railway operated by
the defendants, the Great Northern
Railway Company and the Northern
Pacific Railway Company, are parallel
and competing.
2. That the combination is in re
straint of interstate commerce and
a monopoly.
Th'-* concluding' paragraph of Judge
Thayer's opinion in the Circuit Court
is quoted as summing up the argument
bearing upon the facts of the case, as
follows:
Brief Prepared by Attorney General
Knox Filed With Court.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— The brief
of the Government in the case of the
Northern Securities Company and oth
ers vs. the United States, on appeal
from the decision of the Circuit Court
of the United States for the district of
Minnesota* was filed in the United
States Supreme Court to-day. The
document was prepared by Attorney
General Knox and Assistant Attorney
General Day, and covers 180 printed
pages.
CASE OF THE GOVERNMENT.
Italian Xewspaper Says 3Iother
of the King IJas Contract
ed a 3Iorganatic 3Iarriage.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— The Su
preme Court to-day began hearing ar
guments in the case of the .Northern
Securities Company, James J. : Hill, J.
Pierpont Morgan, Daniel S. Laniont and
others vs. the United States, coming
to this court on appeal from the de
cision of the Circuit Court for the Dis
trict of Minnesota. That dec.sion was
to the effect that the purchase of the
greater share of the stock of the two
railroad companies constitu;od a mer
ger and was contrary to thi Sherman
anti-trust law. The case involves the
community-of-intorest principle.
The courtroom was crowdt-d. Attor
ney General Knox was .present with
quite an array of assistants from his
office, while the opposition also was
represented by. a long list i<£ distin
guished counsel, including former At
torney General Griggs, John G. John
son of Philadelphia, C W. Bunn and
Charles B. Young!
JOHXSOX OPENS ARGUMENT .
John G. Johnson, representing .the
Northern Securities Company, made the
first argument. After statin*? the ease
Johnson said that the purpose of the
securities company- in acquiring the
stock of th? railroad company had been
not to prevent competition, but to pre
vent injury of its own: property. He
took sharp exception to the decision of
the Circuit Court that the possession of
the power which the securities company
had was a violation of the Ia-.v and con
tended that such holding was not in ac
cordance with decisions of the Supreme
Court, which were uniformly to the
effect that it was the us? of power and
not the possession of it that constituted
the offense. Johnson made his argu
ment on six propositions, which he out-
Ured as follows:
First— That there was no agreement,
contract, combination or conspiracy to
restrain competition between these two
railway companies or to restrain trade.
Second— That if two railway com
panie«, somewhat in competition with
themselves, decide it necessary, in or
der to sustain their competition against
a third company, which otherwise could
destroy them or greatly interfere with
their usefulness to the public, to com
bine in any way for the purpose of pro
tecting themselves against destruction,
the court must look to the matter as
one ot fact to determine whether the
real nurpose was to destroy or to lead
to the destruction in order to promote
trartr by the establishment' of the
greater competition.
Third— That it the holding by the
Northern Securities Company of a ma
jority of the shares of the two com
panies was a violation of th«: Sherman
act. «'f course an agreement among any
number of persons would be a viola
tion of that act.
Fourth— That the first section of the
Sherman act dots not In any way con
demn as illegal the acquisition or own
ership of the shares of the two com
peting companies. ,
Filth— That the second section of the
Sherman act does not in any way con
demn the acquisition and holding of
sub-mvnership of shares.
Sixth — That if the Sherman act do<»«
condemn as illegal the ownership of a
controlling interest in the shares of
the competing railway companies it is
unconstitutional.
SPEAKS FOIt NORTHERN PACIFIC.
Johnson was followed by C W. Bunn,
who spoke especially for the Northern
Pacific. Ss'd he:
"The parallel telegraph lines of the
country stand on the same footing as
parallel railway line?, and it is com
mon knowledge that nearly all the
telegraph lines of the country have
gradually come into control of two
companies. In the same waj* you
have got to hold that the acquisition
of parallel steamboat lines is a re
straint on interstate commerce. And
bo, if a few individuals owning stock
in i-arrying corporations should unite
into partnership, turning the stock in
as partnership assets, you would have
the same unity of ownership and the
same conspiracj* and agreement and
likewise the same power of control
that you have in this case, and my
question is whether it is really a.sub
ject of Federal control or a subject of
State control." .
KNOX STATES HIS CASK.
Bunn was followed by Attorney
General Knox for the United States.
In beginning Knox outlined the atti
tude of the Government toward the
case, saying that it was "one of grave
concern, baBed upon its conviction
that a mischievous evasion of the law
had been attempted, as well. as upon
Its epeclal interest and j relations to
one of the properties affected.'.' In or
der that the court .might understand
the reasons for this concern, he re-;
viewed the princjpaL facts connected
¦with the 'organization arid subsequent
history of the Northern pacific Com
pany, its relations to the Great North
ern Railroad and other facts out of
which the questions in this case arise,
but without extended comment. His
statement of facts in this connection
was as follows:
"First — That the Northern . Pacific
Railroad was built under the author
ity of the United States, and, in the
main, with capital furnished by the
United States, and that the United
States intended, and attached the con
dition to its contribution, that, the
railroad should be a great, independ
ent national highway, and specified
that the object of its construction was
'to promote the public Interest.'
. "Second — That by different devices
employed during the past ten years,
the defendants, or some of them, have
endeavored to destroy the Independence
of the Northern Pacific Company and
bring it under the domination of the
Great Northern Company. ¦ {
'Third — That the Northern Securi
ties Company is an instrumentality de
vised by defendants to acquire, hold
*ind exercise control over these parallel
and competing lines of railroads; to
destroy competition between them, to
create a monopoly of transportation
in the section served by them, and to
defeat the condition , attached by the
United States to the franchise and land
grants of the Northern Pacific Com
pany." 9901 TflrffifMffirlif
BARCLAY SMITH
EXPIRES AFTER
LONG ILLNESS
WASHINGTON. Dec/ 14.— A Dlan for
the creation of military divisions in
the United States was laid before Sec
retary Root to-day by General Young,
chief of staff., and an order making a
proposed change will probably be. is
sued in a few days. It is proposed to
create a division" of the Atlantic,. 'with
headquarters at Governors Island,; New
York, fcnd : to ihchidel'the •; Department
of the East,, with headquarter!; at Bos
ton, and a Department or the S6uth at
Atlanta, Ga. ,'- ; .•'• 1 * . .
It is proposed to. organize a division
of the Pacific out of ths wesent de
partments of California and Columbia
and to include in : this division Cali-«
fornia, Nevada and Hawaii and Wash
ington, Oregon, I.dahp and Alaska. • The
division of the north will include the
present departments of. Colorado and
Dakota. ' There Will also be m division
of the lakes, with'headquartervat Chi
cago, which shall ;lnclude^ the' Deplart
ment of the Lakes, the 'Department. of
Missouri and the Department of Texas,
¦yie Philippine archipelago will make
another division. It is proposed to have
the divisions commanded by major
generals and military departments
within the division in command of brig
adier generals or colonels.
Special Dispatch to The Call
that he was compelled to seek other
and larger quarters. His next place of
business wes . at. 115 and 117 Sutter
street, and later on he moved to Front
street.
: About ten years ago, realizing that
there was a vast number of commu
ters from across the bay who patron
ized downtown stores, Smith moved to
the present location of the firm at 25
Market street.
The deceased merchant built up an
excellent business j&nd had an enviable
¦reputation amons the patrons of his
store and his friends for honesty and
integrity. He was well liked by all
who knew him, was charitable and a
kind employer. He leaves a widow and
two children, Harper A. and Miss
Laura Smith. The funeral has not yet
been arranged.
NEW YORK,' Dec. 14.— The state
ment was made^to-day by a leading
official of the United States Steel Cor
poration .that, beginning January 1',
1904, about 90 per cent of the employes
of the corporation will suffer wage re
ductions ranging from 5 to 20 per cent.
This reduction -will affect about 150,000
workmen in the various grades of the
subsidiary companies. The remaining
10 per cent of employes are members of
tlje Amalgamated Association of Iron t
Steer and 'Tin Workers, whose wage
schedule runs to July 1, 1904. ¦
' The -finance committee of the steel
corporation has, it is understood, under
consideration the dismissal of many
high-salaried, employes, in addition to
those" already discharged/but no state
ment on this point- was forthcoming
to-day.' . V.
j It was asserted that, barring some
unforeseen technicalities, employes of
the corporation who participated in the
profit sharing plan, in the coming
montli^ will receive a $5 dividend on
the preferred stock to which. they sub
scribed at $82.50. ; [i
"2. Have the defendants monopolized
or attempted to monopolize any part of
the interstate or foreign commerce of
the United States in violation of section
2 of the anti-trust act?
"3. Was the relief granted by the
Circuit Court authorized by law?"
The Government maintains that each
of these questions should be answered
in the affirmative. . •
The questions of law growing out of
the statement of facts are as follows:
"Has. a combination been accom
plished by means of the j Securities
Company in violation of section 1 of an
act of Congress, approved July 2, 1890.
entitled 'an act to protect trade and
commerce against unlawful restraints
and monopolies,' hereafter called the
anti-trust act?
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 14.— While the
family of Sigmund Frank, a member of
the firm of Meier & Frank, wasf at
dinner to-day a thief stole $2000 worth
of diamonds from Mrs. Frank's room.
The jewelry was In plain sight on the
dresser. The thief gained entrance by
scaling the lattice work of ' the big
veranda which surrounds the residence.
He took no time to search other rooms
in Which valuables and money were
lying, but made a hurried exit. He
was seen by a passer-by on the street.
The police believe that he is a member
jypf ft notorious gang of crooks supposed
to be operating in Portland.
holders— were, in most respects, di
vergent and competitive. It borders
on absurdity to say that two railway
corporations which, under 'normal con
ditions', are naturally competitors for
traffic, will continue to compete after
both become subject to the same source
of control. It Is not in the interest of
the stockholder of the Securities Com
pany that one of these railways should
prosper at the expense of the other.
They have a common interest in both;
they receive their dividends from a
fund created by pooling the earnings
of both. A more effective method for
combining competitive Interests— for
suppressing competition between rival
and naturally competing business cor
porations — It would hardly be 'possible
to conceive?'
Special Dispatch to The Call
DAVENPORT, Iowa, Dec. 14.—
Colonel Henry P. Bosse. who was a
member of the United States Eliginecr
Corps at the Rock Island Arsenal for
twenty-five years, died to-night, aged
59 years.
Reis for years was chief deputy in
the Treasurer's office, having been ap
pointed to that position by former
City Treasurer S. H. Brooks, his
father-in-law.
Well Known Engineer. Dies.
JOHANNESBURG. South Africa, Dec.
14.-A mess meeting called here to-night
for the purpose of urging upon the
Government the of taking
a referendum before introducing legis
lation providing for the introduction of
unskilled labor into the Transvaal was
completely captured By the element fa
vorable to the*' importation of Chinese.
Special trains brought in thousands of
miners from the East and West Rand,
5000 of whom packed the hall where the
meeting was held. .;'' ;
The miners were well organized and
all through the meeting there was fre
quent cheering for the Chinese. When
the chairman attempted to' put in a
motion in favor of the referendum he
was unable to N get a hearing. Speeches
in favor of the motion were impossible,
and the excitement was intense. At an
overflow meeting attended by 4000 per
sons a motion antagonistic to the tak
ing of a referendum was carried by a
large majority.
most pride was San Francisco Lodge
No. 3, Benevolent and Protective Or
der of Elks. He was a member of the
lodge for years and several times rep
resented ' th.e local branch in the na
tional convention of the order. He
held office for years in the Grand
Lodge and was probably the best
known E!k in the country.
Reis was born in this State. His
father was the late Gustave Reis, a
former Fire Commissioner, who left
his son a fortune estimated at $500,
ooo.
LINKS DOWAGER
WITH ROMANCE
SALT LAKE CITY, Dec. 14.— Quick
action by United States army officers
at Fort Douglas probably saved Private
Thomas R. Fuller from lynching at the
hands of his fellow-soldiers to-day.
Fuller was this morning positively
identified as the soldier who last night
attacked Miss Edith Gill in the south
western part of the city, leaving her
unconscious and severely injured.
When the soldiers at the post learned
that Fuller had been identified as the
girl's assailant a rope was hastily se
cured and a crowd of them hurried
down the steep road to intercept the
street car in which they supposed Ful
ler would be conveyed to the city.
When this was learned Fuller was
hustled into the post ambulance, and
under strong guard was driven into
town. Fuller's home is said to be In
San Francisco. He enlisted here two
weeks ago.
It ,1s Also Asserted That the
...Corporation Will Drop
Many ulligh Salaried Men
Major Generals Are to Direct
and the Departments ;Wiil
Then Be Under Subordinates
Police of Oregon Metropolis
Believe Work Was Done by
One of a Notorious Gang
Antagonist of Popular Vote
Pack Hall and Hold an En
thusiastic .Overflow Meeting:
Accused Is Hustled Into ft
Van and Driven to Protec
tion 1 Under a Strong Gninl
CHEERS FOR THE CHINESE
WOULD-BE LYNt'HERS FAIL
1 ."50,000 MEN INTERESTED
ORDER TO BE ISSUED SOON
CRIMINAL MAKES ESCAPE
"Let us next see what steps were
taken tr» . set ' the Northern Pacific
property into such a situation as would
enable Mr/ Morgan to make good his
assurance to Mr. Hill that* if he failed
to ' acquire the Northern E Pacific stock
in the manner Just described they
could work in harmony. A reorganiza
tion of the road was expected and a
new company, organized under the
Jaws of Wisconsin, with power to do
so, took" over the property and fran
chises of the Northern Pacific Com
pany. , ; ; ¦ ...:;.. . £.- :'
"By" the reorganization agreement, J.
P.. Morgan & Co. were made 'manager"
of the reorganization. What Is known
as 'harniony' now prevailed between
the two roads and continued as such
until 1901. when the two roads made
a "joint purchase of the Chicago, Bur
lington and Qiilncy^ Railroad. This
partnership in the "ownership of the
Burlington was almost immediately
followed by the merger, of which the
Government complains.". : .
The Attorney General then detailed
the facts connected with the Burling
ton Durchase and the organization of
the Securities Company, and, in con
cluding his presentation of the evo
lution of the Securities Company, said:
•"These facts clearly establish that it
is an instrumentality created to control
the Northern Pacific and Great North
ern roads, and, through their owner
ship of the Burlington, to control that
road likewise."
Continuing:,' Mr. Knox said
The Attorney General gave a detailed
account of the attempt to secure con
trol of the Northern Pacific road, as
shown in the case of Pearsall vs. the
Great Northern road. Morgan, he said,
knew of this attemnt. sympathized
•with it, and assured Hill that if he
failed they could work the two rail
roads in harmony.
General Young* Proposes the
. Formation of Divisions in
Various Parts of Country
After January First Reduc
ftpijs of From Five to Twenty
Per Cent Will Be Made
Wife of a Portland Merchant
Loses Two Thousand Dol
lars' Worth of Costly Gems
Fort Dongflas Soldiers . Prepare
Rope for Comrade Who \u u \
Attacked a Young Woman
.Meeting- Called to Urge Refer
endum on Question of Labor
Is Captured by Opponents
Argument Is Begun by Contending Counsel on the
Northern Securities Company's Appeal From an
Adverse Decision by a Minnesota Federal Judge
THIEF TAKES
HER DIAMONDS
NEW ARMY PLAN
IS SUGGESTED
STEEL COMPANY
TO CUT WAGES
LIKE COOLIES
IN TRANSVAAL
OFFICERS SAVE
PRIVATE'S LIFE
SUPREME COURT OPENS
MERGER CASE HEARING
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALt, TUESDAY/DECEMBER 15, 1003.
"Jack" Reis was one of the most
popular clubmen In this city. The
organization in . which he took the
2
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
Itcblns, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding: Piles,
four drucsist will refund money - If' Paia
Olstment fails to curt you m C to 14 days. &0c*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j^^^^^'^^^^^^HHHHh^' : •- ihe Imperial and Royal Notarial and .United States Consular verifications. * ' si
fflp^^^^^H Upon subjecting a sample of BUDWEISER Beer, brewed by the
plfliSill Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n, St. Louis, U. S. A. to a thorough
pi™ III] l^^^K^^ Bn examination, we declare it to be a fully matured lager beer. Its whole
pSHf |}1|| Ili^^&il^l^ES nature bears witness to the fact that only the very best materials were
[ "^fflp |iS^^^|P™^ used, and that the greatest cleanliness prevailed in its manufacture. t
The product is not only similar to the highest grade of Bohemian Pale |
W^^^^^S^^^^^^^^^^^ Beers in all its properties, but surpasses our best beers in keeping
t^0''i^^^^^S^^M^ qualities, which is of the utmost importance.
Experimental Station for the Industry of Brewing, Prague, Boheraia. I
I! P&P* T^i^H l&KMl (7i3o i!p*/§JI L L v2r5^ LWAl)! '¦ _ ' I hereby certify that Mr. Jaroslav Sula is personally known to tne as the Official Chemist " I j
MWfji iKVw iS I A tgl h^L %5wJ ** Experimental Station for the Brewinz Industry of Bohemia, and has this day executed .. .. ifjj
kv&y5§S^««'*^g-tf\ \<E^\. v^X^'/W*?/ l$$!&ixitoZ~**xS/M ' Bn< * s '* ne< i t ' Je above document in my presence. Prarvsc. November the third, nineteen hundred and tbr«e. « I
11&PT™ xg|!«g!g2g^ r^0itii I certify that the foregoing authentication is under the official seal of J. U. Dr. Johann Slamenik, j
k|^^L/ y CH/^ j/ffiffl§m Imperial and Royal Notary, and is entitled to full faith and credit. In testimony whereof I, Arnold j j
Weissberger, Vice and Deputy Consul of the United States of America, have hereunto subscribed [ |
I Rip xu^a&iuJj&&fe n/ -(rfWrn' i my name and caused the seal of this consulate to be affixed. Done in this city of Prague this | !
lillP!* °rfrl/, f third day of November, 1903. Arnold weissberqer, u. s. v. a d. contui. I
B I luflp Anheuser-Busch Brewery 1WELL-KNOWN MEDICAL" HAN
V. HO ENDED HIS LIFE BY POI
SON WHILE DESPONDENT.
-*¦ .'The i Panama 1 hat is doomed to pass out
of general : use; i the gas range is becom
ing universal. The best are bought from
S. F. Gas and Electric Co.. 415 Post st. •
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— Secretary
Root has addressed the following let
ter to Senator Proctor, acting chairman
of the Committee on Military 'Affairs:
"Sir: I inclose a letter from Briga
dier General Tasker H. Bliss calling
attention to the report of his. recent
testimony before your committee 'as a
witness regarding certain objections to
the confirmation of General Wood. It
appears that the press reports of Gen
eral Bliss* testimony are - the precise
contrary of what he in fact; testified.
He wished this set ' right for' his own
reputation, and I shall take the liberty
of doing so as far as practicable by giv-"
ing his , letter to the press.' •; ,< t .
f 'At'the same, tlme-I .wish to call^the.
Says Reports of the Investigation Mis
represent Evidence.
ROOT DEFENDS WOOD.
attention to this subject. Very re
spectfully, ; EL.IHU ROOT,
"Secretary of War."
" General Bliss in his letter contradicts
the report that he strongly opposed the
admission without payment of duty "of
the "silver service purchased in New
York by the Jai Alal and that he re
ceived mandatory instructions from
General Wood to admit said silver ser
vice free of duty. He says he testified
most positively under oath that neither
directly nor indirectly, verbally nor in
writing, personally from' him or
through any subordinate, nor from any
person Whatever, had he received even
an intimation as to the remission of
duties upon 'those articles; that "I or
dered the remission of duties because I
believed then and believe now that it
was' in" accordance with the* law; that
if "any, mistake was made I was solely
responsible '.for it. I ; further; testified
that during the two and a half years
,that;l "served directly under the orders
of General' Wood as Military Governor
bf.Cubarl know of no action of his that
was ; not consistent with the character
of an - honorable ofllcer " and . a man of
integrity." . ',:
BUTL.ER, Pa.. -Dec. 14.— There were twelve
new cases of typhoid fever and one death
to-day.
attention of the committee to the fact
that some persons seem to -be "persist
ently furnishing to the press ; false
statements of the testimony taken by
you, the perversion of the evidence be
ing In every case to the prejudice'* of
General Wood. It cannot .be doubted
that the newspapers publishing these
reports believe them to be ; true' and
that the reports are. sent _to; them- by
the representatives of the press^in good
faith under the same belief. It is evi
dent that some person Is undertaking
to convey to the press representatives
information of what goes ; on in | the
committee and is taking advantage of
the fact that the evidence Is not pub
lished, to state it falsely,, for the pur
pose of injuring General Wood - in the
public estimation, so that,'* while your
committee will act upon the: evidence
actually before it. the public judgment
as to how you ought to act will be
based upon an entirely different and
erroneous Idea of what the* evidence IsJ
If the evidence actually given called
for General Wood's presence'; I- should
of course bring, him back 'from "'-the
Philippines, but I do not feel Justified
in withdrawing him from. the impor
tant duties which he is performing on
account of false reports : evidence,
which has never, in fact been given/- It
hardly ; seems fair ¦ that an officer who
Is not here to ' protect himself,' but ' is
serving his '¦_ country' faithfully, ¦*. under
orders, on the other . side of the". world,
should .have , his reputation^ 'stabbed" in
tills Uway.'c I- : earnestly** invite iYyour
Animal foods. Judged 'by bulk and
weight, are- more expensive," pound for
pound, than vegetable foods. But. as a
whole, vegetable foods are not more eco
nomical. . Animal foods .. furnish more
than six-tenths of the protein and nine
tenths of the fat of the total food con
sumed.
We are selling agents • for fountain
pens that will fit your hand; cost from
$1.00 to $5.00 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market St. , •
CHICAGO, Dec. 14.— Failing in their
attempt to 1 secure favorable terms for
the. striking coopers, officials of the
Packing Trades Council to-day decided
to go ahead with their plans for a gen
eral strike of the 30,000. stock yards
employes. The- question of ordering
the strike will be -voted on bythe va
rious unions this week.
Stock Y'nrds Men to Strike.
While the police were making one of
their periodical raids in the Champs
Elysees the other night they found an
Arab, enveloped in his burnous, lying
asleep by the side of a tree. The man
was awakened, and under his burnous
he had a large open knife. He was ar
rested as a vagrant and offered no re
sistance. He was, in fact, too weak to
do anything of the sort, as he was
nearly dead of hunger and exhaustion.
The Arab told his story at the police
station. It was to the effect that while
employed as a barber at Constantine
he fell in love with a Maltese girl. She
An Arab in Paris.
jilted him for an Italian, so he murder
ed hla rival in cold blood. After that
he had to fly from Algeria. He suc
ceeded in Riding himself In the hold
of a sailing vessel bound for Marseilles,
which he reached some weeks back.
From Marseilles he walked all the way
to Paris, usually taking the road at
night, as he was afraid of arrest. Since
his arrival in the metropolis he had
supported himself by begging bits of
bread and by eating the raw vegetables
littered about the central markets.
This' was the wandsrlnsr Arab's story,
and its corroboration is awaited from
Constantine.— London Telegraph.
In th* United States nearly thirteen of
every 10.000 inhabitants are studying at
colleprs of university status. The num
ber in Great Britain is Jess than five.
SALT LAKE CITY, Dec. 14. — "Any
miner who wants to work for the Utah
Fuel Company must choose between
the company and the Miners' Union,"
said Vice President Kramer of the
Utah Fuel Company to-day. "We will
not take back a single one of the
strikers so long as he is unwilling to
surrender of his union card.
The Utah : Fuel Company controls
the coal mines at Sunnyside,' Winter
Quarters,. Schofleld and Castle Gate,
Utah, which have been partly tied up
for several weeks as a result of the
miners' strike. Kramer said that the
company ' would not modify its atti
tude with regard to the Miners' Union
in any particular and that henceforth
union men wo.uld*not be allowed to
work alongside non-union men in the
mines. Company officials claim the
output of the amines has nearly
reached its normal figures.
Utah Fuel Company Will Give No
• - Employment to Strikers.
DECLARES AGAINST UNIONS.
During the hearing- to-day Senator
Hanna made a formal request of the
committee that General Wiood be sub
penaed to come hc-me from the Philip
pines, in order that he may answer the
charges against him and that he may
be questioned concerning his actions in
Cuba.
city. He said that there was still due
his company the sum of $8000 on con
tracts and that Cuban officials in Ha
vana swore the money was paid to
General Wood to discharge the indebt
edness. Morrison said he believed that
General Wood received that money.
Dr. Hamilton left his home at Point
Richmond yesterday morning, and his
demeanor at that time gave no indi
cation of the fatal purpose then evi
dently possessing his mind, for he bade
his wife good-by with wonted cheer
fulness. Nor was there anything in
his manner to cause suspicion on the
part of the young woman attendant
whom he greeted when he entered his
waiting room in the Parrott building.
He passed at once into his private of
fice, and when one of his patients called
the attendant tapped at his door, but
received no response, and suggested
that the patient wait until he should
be disengaged.
Soon afterward Dr. Gere, who shared
his office accommodations, entered and
also sought admission to Dr. Hamil
ton's room, but his knock upon tlift
door was equally fruitless. Then he
opened the door, and saw his associate
lying upon a lounge, seemingly uncon
scious and with the gray death shad
ows gathering upon his face. Dr. Gere
realized at once that it was a case of
BIDS WIFE GOOD-BY.
Dr. Gere: Good-by. I hold you in the high
est ¦¦«teem. Remember me kindly. I am tired
of the fight. J. V. r . HAMILTON.
Coroner Leland: This is a plain cage of
suicide. 1 took cyanide of potassium. Don't
take me to the Morgue, but let Dr. Gere send
me to an undertaker's.
J. W. HAMILTON.
Dear Wife: Forgive me. I am »o weary of
the world. The days are days of burden. The
¦.lghts are all unrest. I neek a rest I most
sorely need. Good-by. With love,
J. W. HAMILTON'.
After writing three letters — one to his
wife, one to his fellow practitioner. Dr.
George G. Gere, and one to the Coro
ner—Dr. Hamilton took the deadly poi
son, lay down upon a lounge and
awaited death. When discovered he
was beyond hope of resuscitation. Tlie
letters were as follows:
After sixty-seven years of sturdy
fighting in the life-battle, achieving
more than ordinary triumph and ac
quiring a fair share of, the material
spoils, Dr. John W. Hamilton, one of
the best-known physicians in Califor
nia, deliberately ended his career yes
terday morning'by swallowing" cyanide
of potassium crystals. The suicide took
place in his office in the Parrott build
ing, and every phase of It reflected pre
meditation and desire to preclude post
mortem misconstruction of the motive.
"but I am quite sure that you are the
only man who can't." — Chicago Inter
Ocean.
"I shall becrin the season," he an
nounced, "with such and such a part:
and after that I shall appear as Ham
let."
"Uml" drawled Irving. "As— eh —
Kamlet. did you say?"
The other, incensed by the tone of the
query, bridled up at once.
"Do you think. Sir Henry." he de
manded, indignantly, "that you are the
only man who can play Hamlet?"
"Oh, no," rejoined Irving blandly;
It is also related that a brother actor,
famous for his pomposity and inor
dinate ambition, was regaling Irving
with » forecast of his plans for tn« fu
ture.
On one occasion Sir Henry Irving's
company, haying been called to the
theater for rehearsal, arrived there
ihead of time. As Sir Henry had not
yet come one of the actors in the com
pany, who was noted for his accom
plishments as a mimic, proceeded to
give .i lively and elaborate imitation
cf Sir Henry's highly characteristic
acting. As he finished his demonstra
tion a well-known voice came from the
depths of the darkened auditorium:
"Very grood." it Faid. "Very good, in
deed: So good, in fact, that there is no
need for both of us in the same com
pany."
Told of Sir Henry.
Besides the widow, he leaves a
daughter, Mrs. Ve.ra HIggins, M. D.,
of -Sterling, Butte County, and a
son who -Is believed to be in Arizona.
About a month ago he made his will
bequeathing all his real and personal
property to his wife, and a few, days
ago he transferred all his worldly, be
longings to her name.
Beyond occasionally complaining of
gastronomic derangement and inability
to sleep. Dr. Hamilton never said"; or
did anything to Indicate morbidity of
mind. Indeed his associates 'regarded
him as a man that relished fully the
Jeys of living.
In respect to the memory of Profes
sor Hamilton, the California Medical
College yesterday adjourned till' next
Thursday, and a committee ; of -stu
dents was appointed to assist* in tbe
obsequies.
For many years he lived at the
Windsor Hotel-in this city, but about
two weeks ago he moved to "Point
Richmond and took up his residence
at the Critchett Hotel. He had sev
eral talks with Thomas McMahon, the
proprietor of the hotel, about pur
chasing the lease of the premises. He
explained that he desired to reside in
Richmond and travel "back and' forth
to his office in San Francisco each
day, and he thought he might be
able to conduct the hotel In connec
tion with his practice.
On Friday he delivered to Mr. Mc-
Mahon a check to bind the purchase
of the lease, said that he would proba
bly make arrangements to purchase
the property as well as the lease and
asked Mr. McMahon to see if an ex
tension of ten years could not be had
upon the property. He agreed to pay
the balance upon the property last
night and take possession after dinner
last evening.
TRANSFERS PROPERTY.
Dr. Hamilton was a native of Wis
consin, was graduated from the Ben
nett Medical College of Chicago in'
1870, and • practiced his profession at
Maryland, Wisconsin, until 1888, .when
he came to San Francisco and at once
became actively Identified with the
California Medical College. At the lime
of .his deatlj \ he .. wasr \re.asurer . of , that
institution : aaa 'its ' prof essorVciif " gy ncP
cology, and had a lucrative private
practice.
poisoning, and labored hard 'to offset
the effects of the drug, but the united
efforts of himself and Drs. Schmitz,
Dierdorf, Atkins and Mason were un
availing. The dose was too large and
had too much time In which to operate
to be offset by the known remedies. In
compliance with the deceased's re
quest, the remains were removed to
an undertaking establishment instead
of to the Morgue.
ENJOYED BIG PRACTICE.
The voicing of the Mayor's senti
ments along this line was occasioned
by the receipt of an appeal from en
gineers of the fire department, asking
for increased wages. The mien seek
ing the increase' are members of the
union.
Chicago Slayor Says City Employes
and Labor Unions Cannot Unite.
CHICAGO. Dec. 14. — The invasion
of the municipal service by labor
unions was to-day ordered brought to
a halt by Mayor Harrison.
"In the mechanical branches of the
city's service," said the Mayor, "where
the employe is simply a workingman,
it is all right for him to belong to a
union, but where the man belongs to
a department, like the firemen or po
licemen, he has no right to have a di
vided allegiance.; He must owe al
legiance to only one master, the city
of Chicago."
HARRISON' CALLS A HAI/T.
General Brooke said to-day that Gen
eral Wood ignored that order and went
on spending public money without au
thority from the Military Governor.
General Brooke was asked whether
he had withdrawn the revenues from
Santiago for expenses elsewhere. He
answered that Santiago had received
all its own revenue and more than
$200,000 additional.
Morrison, a lawyer of New York, tes
tified that he was Interested in the.
Electrozone Company of Havana and
that his company received; contracts
from General Wood for disinfecting the
WOOD IGNORES THE ORDER.
La Fontise said that in May, 1900, a
convict from Florida named Johnson
came to him and said that he had seen
Bellairs and General Wood together at
the races in Havana, and that he rec
ognized and spoke to Bellairs, who
mentioned to him to keep silent. Ac
cording to Johnson's story, as told by
La Fontise. Bellairs excused himself
and met Johnson, asking: him to remain
quiet concerning his criminal record.
After this incident, testified La Fon
tise, General Wood sent for him and
asked what he knew of Bellairs' rec
ord. La Fontise said he told General
Wood of his talk with Johnson and also
what he had learned from other per
sons from Florida. That was in June,
1900, and, according to La Fontise, Gen
eral Wood then asked him to see John
son and ascertain whether he would
leave Cuba and remain away if his pas
sage were paid to New York and money
given. Johnson answered:
"Why do I want to leave? I have too
good a thing here bleeding Bellairs."
La Fontise returned to General Wood
and gave him Johnson's answer. La
Fontise said that later Bellairs and
General Wood went to New York.
GENERAL BROOKE RECALLED.
When General Brooke was before the
committee two weeks ago he referred
to two orders, one Issued by the War
Department ar.d the other by himself
to carry the first into effect, which he
was unable at that time to furnish.
He went on the stand to-day to pre
sent the orders and undergo an ex
amination concernins them.
The order issued by the War Depart
ment directed that an funds collected
in the provinces of Cuba should be sent
to the military auditor at Havana. The
charge was made that the order had
been issued by direction of General
Brooke for the purpose of getting hold
of the funds collected at Santiago, and
to deprive that province of its own
revenue. The newspapers at Santiago
were particularly bitter. General
Brooke told the Military Affairs Com
mittee that the ordeh was issued at a
time when he was sick in bed and that
he had had no previous knowledge con
cerning it.
The other order filed with the com
mittee to-dav was one that the wit
ness issued after his recovery. It di
rected General Wood, in command of
the province of Santiago, not to make
expenditures for public purposes in ex
cess of $10,000 a month without first
submitting the question to the Military
Governor.
AVOOD SHIELDS BELLAIRS.
In addition to corroborating Dr.
Fishers testimony La Fontise. told, of
•*^2}15 n I!£ r _i n . .'which he had learned jof
Kellairs* character and swore also that
General Wood knew all about it. He
said he learned from persons who went
to Havana from Florida that Bellairs
had served five years in Florida con
vict camps— three years in one and two
in another. The crime of which he had
been convicted was forgery on a branch
of the Bank of England.
J. O. La Fontise, city editor of the
Jacksonville (Fla.) Times-Union, cor
roborated the testimony given by Dr.
Fisher. He said that before General
Wood and Dr. Fisher started on their
trip to the Isle of Pines the latter in
structed him (La Fontise) to write the
article concerning Bellairs. La Fontise
said he took the question under consid
eration and decided that as the matter
would be highly sensational and in case
of a libel suit it would be necessary to
summon witnesses from the United
States to prove the charges he would
not print the article. He said that when
Dr. Fisher returned he was greatly agi
tated and asked:
"You did not print that article, I
hope?"
When Dr. Fisher learned that the ar
ticJe was not printed he was gTeatly re
lieved and said General Wood did not
want it used.
CORROBORATES DR. FISHER.
Dr. Fisher testified that he told Gen
eral Wood all he had learned of the
character of Bellairs and that he had
offered to General Wood to produce
witnesses who could prove Bellairs to
be indecent morally. He said that
General Wood told him he did not care
to kxow anything about the stories;
that all he asked was that they not be
printed in Havana.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— When the
Senate Committee on Military Affairs
to-day resumed Its investigation of
charges against General Leonard
Wood Dr. C. E. Fisher of Chicago told
the story of General Wood's intimacy
with Bellairs and attempted to show
that General Wood knew of Bellairs'
bad record. Dr. Fisher said that in
September, 1900, he accompanied Gen
eral Wood on a trip to the Isle of
Pines and there told him of an article
which he had ordered printed In the
Havana Post exposing Bellairs. The
witness said that General Wood told
him he did not want the story printed
and it was not used.
3Ioney for Passage to New
York Offered 3Ian Who
Knew the Prison Becord of
Discredited ' Correspondent
Mr. Foley is a native of Rhode Island
and 42 years of agre. He came to Eu
reka with Ills parents when a child and
grew to manhood in this city. His nom
ination, rumors of which reached this
city several days ago. has been well re
ceived here, as he is known as a compe
tent and conscientious official. He has
taken r.o active part in the movement
to oust Receiver Thompson and his
strong: indorsement by the California
delegation In Congress secured for him
the appointment. He has always been
a leading figure in fraternal circles in
this county, and has received many
honors from the lodges to which he be
longs. He is a prominent Elk, Odd
Fellow and Woodman of the World.
For many years he was attached to the
National Guard and served as captain
of Company A. Tenth Battalion, Sixth
Brigade, and later as lieutenant, com
manding the Naval Militia at Eureka.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— The Presi
dent to day sent to the Senate the nomi
nation of Daniel J. Foley to be receiver
cf public moneys at Eureka. Cal. •
EUREKA. Dec 14.— Daniel J. Foley.
v.hose name was to-day sent to the
Senate by President Roosevelt for the
position of receiver at the Eureka Land
Office, has for many years been a
prominent figure in local politics. H4
was City Assessor of Eureka for sev
eral terms and has always been a
Ftrosg man before the people. He has
been Deputy County Clerk and Is at
present Deputy County Tax Collector.
At the last Republican County Conven
tion he was a prominent candidate for
nomination to the office of County
Clerk.
BUTTE, Mont,, Dec. 14.— Judge Wil
liam Clancy • adjudged Charles W.
Goodale, general manager of the Bos
ton and Montana Company, guilty of
contempt of court this morning and
fined him $300. The court also stated
that he would hold Goodale responsible
for the fine of $300 Imposed on the Bos
ton and Montana Company on Satur
day and that he would be committed to
jail in default of the payment.
The decision was in the contempt
case in which the Montana Ore Pur
chasing Company sought to have the
Boston and Montana Company, C. W.
Goodale, George Moulthrop, J. C. Ad
ams, and B. H. Dunshee adjudged
guilty of contempt of court for work
ing certain ore bodies in the Pennsyl
vania mine, alleged. to be part of the
vein given to the plaintiff by order of
the court three years ago.
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 14.— In the
United States Court J(|fdge Hiram
Knowles has issued an order directing
F. Augustus Heinze, J. H. Treerise,
Alfred Frank, together with the Mon
tana Ore Purchasing Company and
Johnstown Mining Company, to show
cause, December 16, why they should
not be punished for contempt of court.
The proceedings are the outcome of
the plaintiff in the case of the Butte
and Boston Consolidated Mining Com
pany against the Montana Ore fur
chasing Company to secure a aurvey
of the underground workings of* the
mines adjoining the Ranis, including
the Michael' Davitt.
ALLEGED ATTEMPT
TO PURCHASE SILENCE
Well-Known Official Secures
the Indorsement of the Cali
fornia Delegation in Congress
Court Declares That if Sen
tence Is Not Complied "With
Defendant Will Be Jailed
APPROVAL JN HUMBOLDT
OUTGBOWTH OF MINE SUITS
AVitness Gives Sensational Tes
timony 'Bcgarding General's
Efforts to Prevent Exposure
of the Notorious Bellairs
President floosevelt Nominates
Daniel J. Foley for the Re
ceivership of a Land Office
Judge Clancy Imposes Heavy
Penalty on C. AV. Goodale
of Boston & 3Iontana Company
EUREKAN WINS
FEDERAL PLUM
MINER FINED
FOR CONTEMPT
SAYS WOOD
BEFRIENDED
EX-CONVICT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', 'TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1903.
Dr. John W. Hamilton Swallows Crystallized Cyan
ide of Potassium After Writing Explanatory
Letters to His Wife, the Coroner and Dr. Gere
PROMINENT PHYSICIAN
GIVES UP LIFE FIGHT
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
Ths distracting headaches from which
so rnacy women suffer make life a daily
pcrgatory. If men suffered with bead-
ache a* women do. business would be
almost at a standstill. Does not the fact
that women only suffer from these severe
headaches suggest that there must be a
womanly cause for them ?
When the womanly organism, is dis-
eased, headache, backache, nervousness
&qb\ sleeplessness are consequences which
are ssre to follow.
S5OO Rewssrd for Women
Who Oannot bo Ourod.
Backed cp by over & third of a century
of remarkable £ad uniform cures, a record
euc'a as no cth?r remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses peculiar to women ever
attained, the proprietors and makers of Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription now feel
felly warranted ia offering to pay $500 in
legal money of the United States, for any
case of Leccorrhea, Female Weakness, Pro-
l&psu^ or Falling of Womb which they
cannot cure All they ask is a. fair and
reasonable trial of their means of enre.
World's Dispensary Medicax. Asso-
ciation, Proprietors. Buffalo, N. V.
• X tock two bottle* of voor ' Favorite Prescrip-
tion I aad two of the 'Golden Medical Discovery 1
and as feeling well." imtei Mre. Dan Me-
Kenzic of Lorwav Mines, Cape Breton Co.,
Nova Scotia. "I Had uterine trouble, pain ia
the side and headache. After taking your tnsdi-
c.zjtt I got vre'.l. Voa may publish this or use
it :r. cay way you think best, as I cannot s pttok.
too hig fcly of'Dr. Kerce and his medicines."
Free. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
Medical Adviser is sent free on receipt of
stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Send" 21 oae-cent stamps for the book in
paper covers, or 31 stamps for the cloth-
bound volume. Address Dr. R.V.Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y.
Money back means
Schilling's Best
tea b&kiat-powdcr (pices
coffn Carorinj exttacta «oda
and perfect dealing ; your gro-
cer returns your money if not
to your liking. .
DB. KILMEB'S SWA3IP-R0OT.
THOUSANDS HAVE KIDNEY
TROUBLE ASP DON'T KNOW IT
l\ d I v jjiftiinTiTTrjTn - ir^f^v-^^
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remeay,
Will Do for YOU. Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease — therefore* when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
If you arc sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys begin to get better they vMU help all ths
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and immediate effect of Dr. day, smarting or irritation in passing.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the efeat kidnev brickdust or sediment in the urine.
and>bladder remedy, is soon realized. It headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
stands the highest for its wonderful ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
cures of the most distressing cases, disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble.
Swamp-Root will jet your whole sys- skin eruptions from bad blood, neural-
tem right, and the best prdof of this gia. rheumatism, diabetes, bloating, ir-
is a trial. I ritability. worn-out feeling, lack of am-
14 east 120TH ST.. new tork citt. bition. loss of flesh, sallow comolexion.
Dear sir: Oct. 15. 19«!. or Bright's disease.
"I had been suffering severely from kidney Tf , t , , .
troublj. All symptoms were on hand; n>7 " your water, when allowed to re-
former strength and power had left me; i main undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
could hardly drae myself alons. Even my twenrv four hours form* a tprHmmt nr
mental capacity was giving: out. and often 1 1 twcntj-iour nours, lorms a sediment or
wished to die. it was then i saw an advertise- settling or has a cloudy appearance, it
ment of yours in a New Torlc paper, but would ;= evidence thnV vour kidnevs and
not have paid any attention to It had it not I, , lacnce V la6 \ ¦£• Kl a n ?ys ana
promised a sworn guarantee with every botti« bladder neec immediate attention.
of your medicine, assartinc that your Swamp- Swamp-Rdot is the great discovery of
S'tamfS^^^^^J^^^^ Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and
four monthg old. and with a good conscience i bladder specialist. Hospitals use it
i can recommend Swamp-Root to all sufferers „•;?(, umndf»rfn1 ctirrp«e in Knth ct«rrVi»
from kidney troubles. Four membem of my Wlt ." wonaertul SUCCeSS in both slight
family have been using swamp-Root for four and severe cases. JJoctors recommend
d estfrtV*" kldner dIscases wlth tfce aan "» sood it to their patients and use it in their
''with many thanka to you. I remain. own families, because they recognize
Very truly yours. jn Swamp-Root the greatest and most
Robert berxer. successm i remedy.
You may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root, is for sale at drug stores the world
sent free by mail, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two
you may test its virtues for such dis* prices — fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name.' Swamp-Root, and
diseases, poor digestion, being obliged the address. Binghamton, N. Y., on
to pass your water frequently night and every bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTICE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kid-
ney or bladder trouble, or if there is a trace of it in your family history, send
at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton, N. Y.. who will gladlv send voa
by mail, immediately, without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root
and a book containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from men and women cured. In writing, be sure to say that
you read this generou? offer in the San Francisco Daily Call.
I Stylish Shapes f or H-M I
H If you need a hat now, hadn't you better buy an in- j|
p expensive one, so as to save money for Christmas pres- I
1 ¦ ents ? We have a big assortment of soft and stiff hats, in y
1 all the popular shapes and colors, at $1.30. u
I If you wish to make a friend a present of a hat, then H
t| vou want to buy a Stetson. We have Stetson blocks at |
I A "Merchandise Order" for a hat makes a good
1 Out-of-town orders tilled. Write us. 0r Toilet cases,, in buckhonv celluloid and
leather; handsomest line ever. Sanborn.
.Vail & Co.. 74 1 5 Market st. ; •
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— City Council
man George Fitzgerald is seriously
ill with typhoid pneumonia. The pa
tient is under the care of Dr. D. P.
Crowley.
Councilman Fitzgerald 111.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— The Starr
King Fraternity announces an organ
recital by Arthur. Scott Brook for
Thursday evening next, at the Unitar
ian. church. Mr. Brook is .the organ
ist of the memorial chapel .of Stan
ford University and the official organ
ist of the Louisiana Purchase Expo
sition at St. Louis next year. Miss
Dorothy Goodsell of San Francisco'
will assist with three, groups 7 of songs
and Miss Gertrude Hibbard will ac
company Miss Goodsell .with the
violin.
Starr King Organ Recital.
BERKELEY. Dec. 14.— The teach
ing force of the University of Califor
nia will not go without their' salaries
this month, of which a dearth In the
university treasury promised to de
prive them.- Acting Secretary McKo
wen has arranged , with a local bank
for the cashing of the professors' war :
rants and now there will be joy for
the Christmas holidays.
Professors to Get Salaries.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14.-— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Edward J. As
pen, 31, and/Petra Nerem,-24, both of
Oakland; Joseph S. Caldeira, 30, and
Annie S. Phillips. , 18, both of Hay
wards; Paul' J." : Allraum, ; 21.
Seattle, and Rose ,D. . Young.
23,' Oakland; , Joseph C. Me
delros, 22* Port Costa, and Nona Sul
livan. ; 22,"; Behicia ; . Anthony W." Costa.
22, and ¦ Katheriiie . L. Lahge. 21; both
of Oakland; Frank N. Cochrah, over
21, and Anna L, Vaughn, over 18, both
of : Oakland. . v . «
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— Police Judge
George Samuels has ruled that a Jus
tice of , the Peace or a Police Judge
has no jurisdiction to pass upon the
constitutionality of a law that im
poses a tax. L One Dally was arrested
on a charge of violating the license or
dinance. Daily's attorney attacked the
validity of the law and his Honor's
ruling carries the case to the Superior
Court.
Limits Jurisdiction.
, OAKLAND, Dec. 14. — Decrees of
divorce were granted to. Addle Ather
ton from A. D. Atherton to-day on the
ground of desertion; Atilla B. Gilli
gan. who was allowed to resume her
maiden' name of Hamann, from Mar
tin F. GUligan on the ground of habit
ual intemperance, and Florence Mae
Goodman, who was allowed to resume
her^maiden name of Wade, from' Sid
ney E. Goodman on th ground of will
ful neglect. Suit for divorce was be
gun, by John R. Bost against Dasie H.
Bost on the ground of desertion.
Granted Divorces.
CALIFORNIANS LN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— The fol
lowing Californlans are registered
here: At the New Willard — John A.
Benson and H. N. Spencer of San
Francisco. At the St. James— R. S. S.
Pinckney of San Francisco.
¦ "These are mere' words," said the
Minister, "but deeds will soon follow,
and we may leave that matter to the
Emperor."
He asserted that the army was much
more highly disciplined and trained to
day than it was in 1S70, "until those
who have been. in the service for thirty
years would think we have a* wholly
different army,'*
General von Einem, Prussian Minister
of War, took up Herr Bebel's remarks
regarding the maltreatment of soldiers,
and promised that these evils should be
abolished.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14. — Mayor Olney
has signed an amended ordinance
which prohibits expectoration in pub
lic places, on sidewalks, crosswalks or
4n streetcars.
happen what Herbert Spencer pre
dicted arid the present order of things
would give place to a most savage and
brutal regime of the sword. When
those parties that stand, on the plat
form of the existing order of things re
fuBe to. permit the. Socialists to exceed
them in discipline and self-sacrifice;
you meet this threatening dan
ger with firm resolution, then only, but
surely, the development of the father
land will continue in happy and peace
ful paths."
SOLDIERS TO FARE BETTER.
Sicns Alitl-Expectoration Law.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14.—Daniel Har
per, a retired capitalist of Roaeville;
Ohio, Who arrived in Oakland about
two weeks ago. died yesterday at 82S
Fifteenth street, aged 73. years. His
relatives have been notified of his
death and the body, will be held await
ing their instructions.
Call Comes to Daniel Harper.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14. — The will of
the late Ezekiel F. Gerald of Alameda
was filed for probate to-day. The es
tate is said to be worth more than
$10,000. A sixth is left to each of
five brothers and sisters and the re
maining one-sixth is given away in
small bequests. Gerald was one of
the original employes of the auditing
department of the Southern Pacific
Company.
Gerald Will Filed.
With the $700 thus raised the pi
anos were purchased at low cosC two
of them having been placed in the
upper hall of the McKlnley School
and the other in the Haste-street
building. The pupils were assisted in
their enterprises by Principal C. L.
Biedenbach and Miss Etta Ellerhorst.
BERKELEY, Dec. 14.— Entirely
through their ovtfn efforts the children
of the McKinley School have raised
$700 and purchased three pianos for
use in the school rooms. All this was
done within three months, the
achievement having been accomplish
ed in various ways. First $261 was
raised by means of a subscription list;
then $100.30 through a concert, "in
which only the school talent partici
pated; then $210 through the bazaar
and entertainment recently given in
Stiles Hall; finally $110 was given by
the graduating class, which raised
that sum through an exhibition and
class duos.
Children of McKlnley School Gather
$700 Through Their Own Efforts
Within Three 3Ionths.
PUPILS RAISE MONEY
TO, PURCHASE PIANOS
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— Suit for $1500
damages for alleged malicious prosecu
tion has v been begun by Antone Silva,
who was arrested last October on a
charge of petty larceny preferred
against him by S. F. Brown. The last
named charges Silva with having stolen
$20 worth of bean straw, and then dis
missed the case. Silva now wants dam
ages for alleged damage to his char
acter.
Sny Arrest Was Malicious.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14. — William Ban
nan, who lost $1000 vorth of jewelry
by the operations of Frank J. Gold
stein and David Klnlry, has subscribed
$50 toward the reward offered for the
capture of Kiniry. who is charged ith
the murder 6f Policeman James H.
Smith. Thus far there have been 135
individual subscribers to the testi
monial fund which will be used as a r«
ward if Kiniry shall be arrested.
William Barman, Whoso House Was
Plunderedt Adds to Fund for Ar
rest of Policeman's Slayer.
REWARD IS INCREASING
FOR KIXIRY'S CAPTURE
OAKLAND. Dec. 14.— The suit of
James Walgamot against the Oakland
Transit Company for 55000 damages has
been compromised out of court and a
dismissal of the case was filed with the
County Clerk to-day. Walgamot was
thrown from a car at Eleventh street
and Broadway last. March and severely
injured. The terms of the compromise
were kept secret, but it is understood
that he received but a small part of
the amount sued for. ";vv.
Compromise Suit.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 14. — A 110,000
damage suit was filed against the San
Jose Railroad Company and the Ger
man Savings and Loan Society. Its
owners, by Mrs. Jennie Hicks to-day.
It is alleged that on- October 5 laht
Mrs. Hicks was a passenger on a car
belonging to the company near Oak
Hill Cemetery, and was Injured
through the negligence of an employe
of the railroad. :V;'V'jf :
Woman Sues Railroad Company.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14. — Miss Anita
Whitney, who was formerly in charge
of the work of the Associated Chari
ties of this c-ity and who is now con
nected with a larger State work of the
same nature, will speak upon the As
sociated Charities at the close of the
prayer-meeting of the First Congre
gational Church on Wednesday even
ing. Miss Whitney is thoroughly con
versant with the charity work of Oak
land and her address will prove of
benefit to all, whether church mem
bers or r.ot.
Charity Work of Oakland.
After securing the order for the
property Dutil went from County Clerk
to District Attorney and Chief of Po
lice in a vaJn quest, but no trace of
the missing things can be found. The
Jewelry has disappeared. County
Clerk Cook, said to-day that there have
been fourteen County Clerks since the
trial of the case and there is no trace
left of the' articles. . '. *
. Now Dutil has presented a bill to
the Supervisors,' which they have re
fused to pass. Dutil "will institute suit
to recover the sum Involved.
A claim was presented to the Board
of Supervisors this morning for $300
as an equivalent for exhibits in a mur
der case tried twenty year3 ago. The
exhibits -have disappeared. The bill
was "presented by W. E. Dutil, the
father of whom was ' murdered by
George Jones, whose long Incarceration
in the County Jail here made the case
famous and was only ended a few
weeks ago by the murderer's death
after fighting off paying the extreme
penalty of hl» crime for two decades.
Shortly, after Jones' death young
Dutil went before Judge Hall and se
cured an order for his father's watch
and chain, seal and ring. They were
found in Jones' possession after the
murder and were used as evidence
against the nccueed. Jones was grant
ed a new trial, but the case dragged
.along until death'expungedit from the
calendar. • ' : "
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 14.
Supervisors Refuse to Pay W,
E. Dutii Value of Father's
,Watch f Seal and Chain
OAKLAND, Dec. 14. — Councilman
John L. Howard introduced a resolu
tion to-night at the City Council di
recting the Board of Public Works
to advertise for bids to supply and
plant elms on both sides of Telegraph
avenue, from Twentieth street to the
city limits. The board' is requested
to report back to the Council. The
resolution was referred to the Public
Improvements Committee.
Councilman Aitken's resolution to
appoint former City Engineer M. K.
Miller as consulting engineer in the
work of reconstructing Telegraph
avenue was referred to the Street
committee-
City Council Work.
LOST EVIDENCE
CAUSE OF SUIT
The Board of Supervisors will take
action oh a new automobile ordinance
which comes up for passage at the
meeting next Monday.
A claim has been filed with . the
Board of Supervisors by William Du
chrau in behalf of his mother, Mrs.
Grandrot, "for $300 for injuries sus
tained in being thrown from her bug
gy through driving into a defective
culvert. '
OAKLAND. Dec. 14.— Action on the
purchase of ballot machines for Ala
meda County was postponed by the
Board of Supervisors this morning
pending a report from the committee
of the whole to which the matter was
referred for investigation. A resolu
tion -was adopted, requiring the
County Clerk to furnish to the com
mittee of the whole a statement show
ing how a consolidation of precincts
may be accomplished and a saving
made through the use of the ballot
machines.
Board of Supervisors Refer Matter to
the Committee of the Whole
for Report.
On next Wednesday evening the West
Oakland Club will hold Its regular
monthly amateur boxing show at the
club gymnasium. Following are the
principals in the six bouts: H. Long,
Sunset Athletic Club, vs. J. Danugh,
San Francisco Athletic Club; Loren
Brown. Olympic Athletic Club. vs. J.
Torres. Magnolia Club; C. Cleary, Sun
set Athletic Club. vs. W, Duffy. Hayes
Valley Athletic Club; champion of Zan
zibar and Japan, Musa Bryam, vs. Ed
Carprons. Reliance Athletic Club; J.
Garvin. Oakland, vs. A. Cantell, Oak
land; main event. Harry Tenney vs.
Charles Brady.
Both Xiao contestants have trained
hard for the go and are in first-class
shape. The flght will decide the Pacific
Coast middle-weight championship.
Eddie Graney will referee the go and
George Harting will keep time, while
Billy Jordan, the veteran announcer,
will act as master of ceremonies. •
There will be two preliminaries, be
tween Madden and Duffy and Crump
and Foley.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— When Billy
Woods and Tommy Reilly meet In the
ring before the Sequoia Club at the
Dietz Opera-house to-morrow night the
attendant sports should witness a good
bout. Both men are strong, willing
fighters, and they have agreed to box
straight Marquis of Queensberry rules,
v.hich allow hitting with one arm free
in the clinches and in the breakaway.
Tommy Reilly and Billy 'Woods Will
. Settle Question at the Sequoia
Athletic Club.
— California — E. C. Draper, Hynes,
Los Angeles County, vice James N.
Brennan, resigned.
The gross receipts of the San Fran
cisco Postofllce for November, 1903,
were $118,519, against $111,532 for
November, 1902.
The postoffices at Dinuba. Fernando.
Fort Jones and Los Banos, Cal.. will
be advanced to the Presidential class
January 1, with salaries of the post
masters at $1100. $1000. $1000 and
$1000 respectively.
Receipts of Local Fostofficc for No
vember Show Great Increase Over
• Same Month Last Year.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14. — The fol
lowing orders have been issued:
Postofllce established — Oregon — Or
seco. Lane County,. Minnie Matthews
postmaster.
Postmaster commissioned — Califor
nia — Roy R. Giffen, Fowler; Don F.
Forney* Lakeside. Oregon — Dwight
C. Walker, Buell; Edwin E. McKinney,
Sublimity. Washington — Charles W.
Moore, Trout Lake.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
OAKLAND MINISTER AND
TWO OF HIS FLOCK -WHO
WERE POISONED.
ALASIEDA. Dec. 14. — Division
Manager L. H. Jacobi of the Pacific
States Telephone Company has In
formed City Trustee W. M. Bowers
that in return for using 500 poles be
longing to the municipality his com
pany will give the electric light de
partment four telephones free "until
such time as the telephone company
will place its own poles."
In his expert report on the munici
pal light plan recently filed, Profes
sor C. L. Cory recommended that the
City Trustees take measures to remove
and prevent the further placing of
telephone wires on city light poles,
as It was dangerous. Alameda was
made the defendant in a suit for $50,
000 instituted five years ago by Mar
tial Davoust, whose wife was electro
cuted by a broken telephone wire
that became heavily charged by fall
ing across a live light wire.
Pacific States Company Makes Rec
ompense for Utilizing Five Hun
dred Masts Owned by City.
Judge Samuels Suspends Judgment on
- Absent Defendant When News 'of
¦ Arrivals Reac-hes the Court.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— "Chudge, he
haf twins at his house to-day end'
couldn't come," was the , response
made in the Police Court this morn-,
ing when Judge George Samuels in
quired why Michael Sflen had.not ap
peared for sentence "on a, charge' of
violating the license ordinance.
"The explanation came from a wo
man, neighbor to the Sijens, who had
Volunteered to notify his Honor con
cerning the. momentous event.
"Twins, ' you say. madam ?". queried
Judge Samuels.
"Yes, Chudge; twins at 4 o'clock
this morning."
. "Well, I guess Silen has troubles
enough now. Suspend judgment,"
was the order.
The poisoning took place at the clos
ing of the fair given by the women of
the church in question. The fair had
been running during the week in the
hall at the corner of Clay'and Eleventh
streets and : it was decided that it
should be closed on Saturday night
with a little dinner. The viands for
the dinner were to be supplied by the
members of the church congregation
and the different families contributed
cakes and . pies and coffee/ besides
meats, cold and hot, and a generous
quantity of baked beans.
Which article caused the trouble or
WILL BATTLE FOR THE
• COAST CIIA3LPIONSHIP
OAKLAND. Dec.' 14.— Twenty-five
members Inf the Welsh Presbyterian
Church of this, city were poisoned, at a
function Saturday evening and yester
day and to-day they are under the care
of various doctors. None' of the cases
resulted fatally. .
POSTPONE ACTION ON
PURCHASE OF MACHINES
jSome of the partakers o f the feast
were taken sick durfrig the services of
the church yesterday . morning, ; but
mc-st cf them did not reach church at
all. .. . • - ;
'Even the i pastor of the church. Rev.
Ji R. Evans, did not .escape, and,
though he conducted the services, it
wasAThilc Buffering great pain! "
- Those that were -poisoned were Mr.
and Mrs. Morgan Williams and child,
Miss Elizabeth M. Floud, Mr. and Mrs.
David Hughes Jr. and- child, James
Hughes, Humphrey Hughes, Thomas
Hughes. Mrs. Thomap. Rev. J. R.
Evans, Mrs. J. l<loyd Hughes, Mrs.
Lloyd and three children and others.
where the .poison came-from cannot be
traced, but certain it is that in gome
one of the articles of food there was a
poison of some kind, for fully a quarter
of those who partook of the evening
dinner have been confined ,to therr
beds. •• i '*.•;•
HIS HONOR TAKES PITY -
ON PARENT OF- TWINS
GIVES FOUR FREE PHONES
FOR USE OF LIGHT POLES
SAN DOMINGO, Dec. 14.— A rumor
Is in circulation here that troops, of
the provisional Government have at
tacked the revolutionary troops sta
tioned at Monte Crlstl. The Govern
ment troops were repulsed and are now
besieged in a fort in Santiago City.
All is quiet in the neighborhood of the
fort, though the situation may become
serious at any moment. The United
States gunboat Newport left here yes
terday.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 15.— State De
partment advices from San Domingo
indicate that th« fresh revolution .in
that island Is due to a breach between
General Jiminez, who aspired to suc
ceed Wos y Gil as President, and the
provisional Government, which has
been in control of the island since Wos
y Gil was deposed. It is surmised that
Minister Powell's inflexible attitude
toward, the provisional Government,
which he refused to recognize until it
had agreed to admit the validity of
American claims, may have had some
thing to do with this breach.
News of- the plot against i-owen w»»
contained in a private communication
from a high official of the iPomlnican
Government to Dominican citizens re
siding In New York. The communica
tion was brought by a passenger who
arrived here on Sunday on the steam
ship >Foxhall from Puerta Plata- The
plot to assassinate Minister Powell ia
described thus in the communication:
rJLAXS OP THE CONSPIRATORS.
'- "On December 5 a high official of the
Government, who took office when Pres
ident Wos y Gil was deposed, made thi»
proposition: •
••"'Let two or three men got into a
fight some day on a street along which
Minister Powell is to come, and in the
melee the American can be killed by
accident. It is easy and is our best
way to get rid of him.*—
"Several of the men present (all of
them officials) fell in with the p!an, and
all of them began to discuss the de
tails enthusiastically, one suggesting
that it could be arranged for a party
of soldler3, who could congregate un
der arms without exciting comment, to
carry out the pjot.
"Carlos Glnebra. one of the Minister*
of Posts and Telegraphs, vehemently
opposed the idea, saying: 'I will never
consent to such an outrage.* The plan
was then abandoned, but a few influ
ential citisena^who know of the plot
are in constant fear for Minister
Powell's safety."
GOVERX3IEXT FORCE REPULSED.
i NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— Reliable in
formation has reached this city that a
plot was hatched in the provisional
Government of Santo Domingo to as
sassinate the United States Minister to
that republic. William F, Powell, and
also General Juan Jimlnez, prospective
President of the republic. It is fur
ther alleged that two attempts adready
have been made to assassinate Jiminez.
The reason given for the plot against
Powell is that the Minister is "too in
dependent andjs playing a lone hand,
refusing' to • be influenced by poli
ticians." The plotters believe that if
they can get rid of him the United
States will send some man as his suc
cessor who is more; pliable and can be
molded to the wiil of the political lead
ers. - •¦*.¦¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"I do not believe that socialism will
triumph." said the Chancellor, ."and I
am convinced that the common sens 2
of the German people. -the solidity of
our institutions. the 4 patriotism of., all
civil sanies end the intelligence" and
decision of the crown and its advisers
will ward off such a disaster. But if
you should succeed then there would
The Chancellor quoted a letter writ
ten by Herbert Spencer shortly before
his death to a French friend. <n which
the famous philosopher said that as
the result of his eighty years of obser
vation it was his belier that the tri
umph of socialism would b« the great
est disaster that could befall civiliza
tion, and that if it triumphed Jt would
soon be displaced by a militaiy dicta
torship.
Count, von Buknv . then accused the
Socialists of lacking thos- qualities
which are usually regarded as char
acteristic of the German people, name
ly, depth of sentiment. tenJrrness of
feeling and reverence. The Socialistic
agitation, he raid, lacks spirit and hu
mor, withers like a hot tlmoon and
passes like a parching sirocco over
the German fatherland.
-
VON BL'LOWS RETORT.
Count von Bulow then answered Herr
Bebcl's reiterated criticisms of the Gov
ernment's policy in Kast Asiaf saying:
"Our programme there is simple. We
want to retain nnd to develop what we
hold, but not to burn our fingere in mat
tors which do not concern us."
Replying to Herr Bebel'i? assertion
that Government officials are not free
since they cannot be Socialists, the
Chancellor said that "the Social De
mocracy, despite Herr Bebel's rather
lame explanation, profesges republican
ism. The Government official who
vorks for the Social Democracy breaks
his oath, and we will not tolerate such
an official."
Herr Bebel expressed his astonish
ment that Count von Bulow had called
him an "ar-Eel," and, turning to the
Chancellor, taid:
"If you will call me a devil I shall be
ten times more pleased."
Continuing, Herr Bebel said:
••You shall hear from us within the
"^xt few weeks a series of facts about
vnich we have information, but of
which you have hitherto had not the
f'.iffhtcst suspicion."
The speaker then answered Chancel
lor von Bulow's speech of last Thurs
day. He declared that the Chancellor
went too far in discussing foreign af
fairs when he referred in terms of
sharp criticism to the United States
Government and Congress regarding
the American policy in the Philippines.
He further repelled #ount von Bulow's
assertion that the Socialises had great
er advantages in Germany than they
have in republican countries, and said:
'I do not know that we have ex
pressed our views with special empha
sis here and I have no disposition to
break my head against a stone wall on
account <">f any republic. The differ
once is that in republics many civil
rights exist v.hich we in Germany
must long wait for. In Switzerland,
France and the United States laborers
have universal and direct suffrage in
parliamentary and municipal elections.,
Our lav.g of association and assem
blage and our freedom of the press
cannot be compared with republican
liberties."
DlSLIKKS WORD "A.VCEL/ 1
"Tlien if we cannot express our
opinions fully." replied Herr Bebel,
"we will merely* state the facta in a
question and let the world decide."
I'KO.MISES A SURPRISE.
Dec. 14.— In the Reichstag
to-day the proceedings developed an
oratorical duel between Herr Bebel, the
leader of the Socialist party, and Count
von Bulow, the Imperial Chancellor,
v.hich was not second in importance to
that between those two most interest
ing personalities in German politics
last Tuesday. Herr Bebel spoke for
three and a half hours and was in his
best form. He made a eeriatim reply
to Count von Bulov.'s speech of last
week, the debate ranging over some
what the same grounds»-the maltreat
ment fif private soldiers by their offi
cers, the question of foerign politics,
the achievements of the Socialists in
legislation, the rerfdom of tjie laboring
classes and the socialized state of the
future.
Herr Bebel returned to his attack
upon Russia, speaking of the alleged
p.trocities perpetrated in that country,
whereupon he was called to order by
Count von Ballestrem. President of
the Rei'.hstag, who said:
•'It is inadmissible to accuse in this
house a state with which Germany is
allied in friendship of such atrocities."
Coin t von Bulow Quotes Her
bert Spencer and Declare^
That Supremacy of Socialism
Would Be National Calamity
Protest of One Member of the
Provisional Cabinet Prevents
; 'lr.i«redy, but' Intended Vic
tim is Still in Peril
"There is no doubt about it," said
McDonald. "Three fires in separate
places all going at once could not
have been accidental. I am not pre
pared to say who might be responsible.
In cases of this k'.nd it is practically
impossible to get evidence sufficient to
warrant arrests."
A trunk and a /cot owned by Miss
Minnie L. Crar.e of San Francisco were
found in the house. In the trunk was
a lot of woman's apparel, which ap
peared to be wedding garments. Mc-
Donald has learned that the trunk and
cot were pent to the house last week
and that Miss Crane slept there one
night.
Three places in the cottage were
afire when the firemen arrived. One
blaze was under the cot, the trunk in
another room was in flames and in a
closet among kindling wood a third
fire was burning. There was a strong
odor of gasoline about the cottage.
Neither the police nor the firemen
have gained any knowledge concerning
the mysterious Miss Crane's where
abouts. She did not stop in the house
last night. Fire Warden McDonald as
serts that the fire was an incendiary
on?.
Fire Warden George McDonald has
under investigation the fire which last
night damaged an unoccupied cottage
at 1002 East Thirtieth street and owned
by Mrs. Kate L. Merrick, who Js in the
East.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 14.
The wealth" that, it was, known the
late jhv.Gustave Rosank"died possessed
of has.been found- Money,, a bank book
and deeds representing altogether 530,
000, were discovered to-day in the back
of an. old desk that had been made by
the doctor. " In this insecure receptacle
there lay $4100 In cash, bank books
showing deposits of . $29,000 and detfds
to realty worth $16.900., The will of *h«
deceased was also found in the desk.
. The old doctor ' was known to be
wealthy, but at his death some weeks
ago nothing could be found - showing
that he had any • property. He j died
without telling any one where hie valu
ables . were secreted, and it .was only
after several weeks of search that the
cache was discovered.
Albert Kayser. who was appointed
special administrator, of the estate
pending the arrival of a son of the doc
tor, now on hla way from Germany,
has been diligent in his search for the
hidden ' property, and remembering a
remark his old friend had made several
years ago that "If : I die you will find
plenty of money for. my funeral ex
penses in there," indicating the desk,
he drew the old affair out to-day and
made an examination of It.
After the money and the deeds the
most important find was that of the
will. The contents have not as yet been
been made known, but it Is stated that
by it Mrs. Katharine Grosso, the doc
tor's old housekeeper. * Is' left \>ne
eighteenth of : the entire estate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
'"' 1118 Broadway, Dec. 14.
PRESIDENT CALLS
.SPEAKER TO ORDER
RKLMjr.LlC'S OFFICIALS
IX THE CONSPIRACY
Trunk Apparently Owned by a
Prospective Bride Is Destroy
ed in a Vacant Dwelling
One-Eighteenth* of the Estate
,: Left to .Housekeeper and Son
Is on W«v to Claim Balance
Hcrr Bebel Replies to Speech
of Imperial Chancellor in
Which He Arraigns German
Policy and Attacks Russia
Antheulie Details of Plan to
Murder the American Minis
. ter to Santo Domingo Are
Received in This Country
WEDDING GARMENTS BURN
WILL AMONG THE PAPERS
Fire Warden Is Certain That
Arson Is Behind Mysterious
Blaze in East Oakland
Twenty-five Members of Welsh Church Are Taken Vio
lently 111 After Partaking of Feast at Closing of Fair
Under Management of Women of the Cdngfega.tion
Fortune Worth $50,j00, Left
by Gustave Roserik, Found
in Old Piece of Furniture
VIRULENT
DEBATE IN
REICHSTAG
ASSASSISS
PLOT DEATH
OF POWELL
BACK OF DESK
HOLDS WEALTH
SUBTLE POISON IMPERILS
LIVES OF PRESBYTERIANS
FINDS TRACES
OF INCENDIARY
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, TUESDAY, -DECEMBER .15, 1903.
4
liOSJ^Ris
• • ' ' ' -
Food. eaten without appetite « r«4j
mains undigested, causing: Heart-
burn, Flatulency, Indigestion and
Dyspepsia.
To cure these ailments the Bitters
is strongly recommended by physi-
cians. Try it, also get our ISJ04 Al«
manac from your druggist. It is free
9 *H'4^"H-H~Hr^4~H"i-i":"i-:"i"i":-4- e
§ THE CHRISTMAS CALL, v
? A NUMBER OF SURPASS- f
¥ ING ATTRACTIVENESS, ?
r| WILL' BE ISSUED NEXT ?
J SUNDAY, DECEM- ••
,;; BER>20.
'. '. Place Your Orders Now * *
T Tne most dlstlarulsbsd and **
V sumptuous paper of the Tulrtida. T
T Its brilliant pares contain coatri- T
T - buttons from many leading writers Y
¦ V ' of the day. and tne strikingly V
X characteristic work : of its ' staff i
X contributors ; will mtke it a truly t
X dellgrhtful and , interesting: paper. 'X
J. With this tfcsue will ba present- X.
A. efl. absolutely free of. chars;*. >-,
J, ' "Decorating- for the Party." that 4-
J. charmlnjr picture toy Bryion. "Dec- .'.
4. or atinjr for the Party" Is another £
• ? of the popular Gold Series, =ad. •!•
• • like its companion - pieces. "Se- •*•
•> dorah." "Admiration" and "At the •!•
•j • ; Opera," will adorn the walls of •{•
• • many of the homes of the Great •••
• • West. *I*
4* newsdealers and ajrents will do V
.* well to order early, as the supply 4*
.^v )s limited. . T
SEE THE PICTURES
"A LITTLE TRAITOR TO
THE SOUTH."
That Splendid New War-
Time Comedy With the
Tragic Interlude, the
Strongest Book
Ever Writ-
ten by
CYRUS TOWNSEND BRADY.
CHRIST3PAS CALL
¦MUmiriii^ ' ™ - ¦¦ Hi UWMMMsssB
NEXT SUNDAY
ADVERTISEMENTS.LAYING THE CORNERSTONE OF-MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE BUILDING AND OF^IGIALS WHO PARTICIPATED
Germany sells the United-States near
ly $8,000,000 worth of beet sucar a. year.
Pocket • books. ' wrist bags, ¦¦ letter! and
card -'cases.' 'bill .'books, . cigar, cases^arid
manicure sets i for: Christmas. . Lettered
free.". Sanborn. Vail" & Co. / ~ , •• '¦ .
-PAN JOSE, "Dec. 34.— "The Bohemian Girl"
soon will 'be 'presented by .the San- Jose Oratorio
Society. This is the first time the society has
ventured lnto- j grrand j opera, j j Rehearsals are
now" being < held.- ¦:¦¦':¦ : ¦¦• . ¦ •¦--";,¦• **t' ?v -<\I
Beaupre Will Ixsave Bogota.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— Unitec
States Minister Beaupre has reportet
to the State Department from BogotJ
that 'everything is quiet there and hi
sees no occasion to postpone hls;!eavi
of; absence. He will start at once fo:
the .United State/ '
California calendars and art souvenirs
for' the' million. " Sanborn,' Vail' &' Co., 74 1
Market. st. •- -~ •-
FA?« JOSE. ' Dec. 14.— E. D. Crawford to
day" commenced a suit In the SurArior • Court
i.pa!n>-t the Mayor and City Council to compel
th«m to : i.ive him an electric franchise for
which he r.as the highest bidder last week. A
temporary injunction was granted by JudKe
Tuttl/( restraining the Council from again eell
ins the franchise. ¦ ' •• . • '
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. .14— Or-'
Kanlst Joseph Smith ol Trinity Church,' 8anta'
Barbara, has been -appointed organist or the
Stanford Memorial Church during: the ab«ence
of Arthur Scott Brook, who ha» been plven "a
six months' leave of absence to play at the St. •
Louis' Exposition. -'..'•'¦>"> ¦•- -„-;
i SACRAMENTO. Dec. 14.— John ' Gebhardt.
vrat'ehman, . and John 'Splroto.? deckhand- of -the
river ' steamer lied ¦ Bluff, j were ¦¦ drowned • hero
to-ntBht. ' The men were working at. the anchor
on the bow ',of .the , barge. Dakota., slipped ¦.• off
the 'bow ir.to the; water and .were drawn under
the' barge. ¦•:¦;• . -'' ; ; . v- A.;, -v %•.'.". '. -."
Up to now it has been held In the
medical world that the germ of scarlet
fever was of vegetable organism.
After years of hard work, Mallory is
able to show that infection in scarlet
fever is by protozoa and to trace the
development of the disease through
successive stages of animal growth.
An important feature of the demon
stration to-morrow will be that Mal
lory will j show the similarity of the
scarlet fever protozoa to- the organism
which causes malaria. While the two
are not identical, the scarlet fever pro
tozoa in appearance suggests the "mar
guerite" formation or the malaria mi
crobe.
BOSTON, Dec. 14.— Dr. Frank Burr
Mallory of the Harvard Medical School
will present to-morrow, night to the
Boston Society of Medical Sciences im
portant Information as to the cause of
scarlet fever, following a long and ex
haustive investigation of the subject.
The main point of his discovery is that
the serm of the disease is of animal
and not of vegetable origin, as has been
held.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 14.— If the plans
| of the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany are carried out In Southern Cali
fornia there, will be a lively war in the
lumber .trade and a resultant cut v in
prices. James V.* Bell has arrived in
Los Angeles and* has announced that
he.will'cpnduct the war of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company against the
freighters.which carry passengers be
tween-California,' Oregon and Wash
ington ports.
ff!> Mr. Beil declares there are sixty-two
lumber schooners carrying passengers
and cutting into the business of his
company.' He says the Pacific Coast
Company rwilk establish a lumber yard
at Sari Pedro and stock it with 15,000,000
feet- before January 1.
i."We. are'ln the lumber business in
every, sense* of the word," said Bell to
~day.%""We. are purchasing lumber on
Puget Sound and at Grays Harbor, and
can get; all we want. The move, of
. course, means a cut in the price of
lumber ' here and at other California
points.",
In the supplemental report/the estl-'
mate of the gross personal,.estate_in'
New York is $1,848,545, leaving the .net
personal estate $1,696,640. Of -this -the
widow will receive # $565,546 and;ea"ch ! of
the four children * one-half . of •" that
amount. The appraiser says .there are
claims pending against the 'estate
amounting • to $1,624,500.' When : Daly
died 'he "was a' resident "'of "Anaconda,
Mont. The will was, probated :Jh 'that
city. ,¦ - ,- ,. '¦; .• ; ,v ¦/.;• '/¦¦'.¦ ¦¦•. ;
Daly's personal property in New
York State at the time of his • death
was worth, ., according to the. original
estimate of Ihe appraiser, $1,585,451; and
the deductions in this State . 5127,014.
leaving a net personal estate, of .$1,158,
437. : ; " .,- . - >-
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— William C.
Wilson, State Transfer Tax. Appraiser,
to-day filed, a supplemental report as
to the value of the estate left by Mar
cus Daly, who died in this city on No
vember 11, 1900. The appraisers orig
inal . estimate of gross personal es
tate, wherever situated,, was; $9,630,939.
It is unchanged in the report filed to
day. • .¦¦-"'. • ¦ ¦
» ! When -Iiieayitt -went .West last' spring:
to- paint-Bryan's portrait ,'it- Is 'asserted'
that he wanted 'to'. be married -before
hie left, -but '. his mother told; the young
people.'thar they' had* better i wait until
he -returned.' • '.'"'-' ¦'¦ '¦'"¦';'.'."¦.*"'
'.The same friend says s that Miss Coojc
had most'of her wedding clothes rea,dyf.
that she was a r frequent visitor at^the
Leavitt - home; and ¦ that -: Leavitl's
mother knew all \ about ; the ft engage-'
mentr ' ' '• . . '. "-. '¦"'- : . '¦ V ¦' ' "':¦'[
NEWPORT. Ii: I.I Dec. 14.—Informa
tion, leaked out to-day concerning, the
breach* of promise^suit ,^'hich *Jt Is- re
porUM' that Miss 'Minnie Cook of, this
city ,',vill bring against William Homer
Leavitt, who recently married - Ruth
Bryari/ : .•'.."¦'¦'.¦ :•'¦.¦¦" '"'"':'•; : -:V •
.A "friend of the Cook family is. author
ity for the. 'statement that Miss Cook's
father has engaged counsel, and that it
only, remains >for LeavJtt to return to
Newport 'for : proceedings "to be • insti
tuted. :- '-'.': -^ v ¦'.,.'' .•.•.¦¦¦/¦¦
Special Dispatch to The Call
Steamship Company Prepares
for a Brisk AVar in Southern
Califorhia Against Freighters
Harvard Medical School Ex
pert Finds That It Is of Ani
mal, Not Vegetable, Nature
lhith Iii'vaifs Husband. May
He Defendant in Breach
of- Promise ! Proceeding's
New York Appraiser Fixes
the Value at Less Than Two
Million Dollars in That' State
LUMBER PUCE
WILL BE CUT
DECISION* AGAINST
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Court Declares the Company Cannot
Hold Stock in Texas Railway Ex
cept Under Certain Conditions.
AUSTIN, Tex^ Dec. 14.— In the Twen
ty-sixth District Court to-day a Judg
ment was rendered by Judge Penn in
favor -of the State against the South
ern Pacific Company. According to the
judgment the Southern Pacific Com
pany, its officer* and agents, are per
petually enjoined from purchasing, ac
quiring or voting or in any other man
ner acting as owner of any of the
shares of stock of the San Antonio and
Aransas Pass Railway, except the sale
and transfer of any interest it may
have therein, so long as the Southern
Pacific Company shall own or control,
directly or indirectly, any of the stock
of the Galveston, Harrlsburg and San
Antonio Railway.
The silver trowel used by President
Babcock will be suitably inscribed and
presented, to him- by the members of
the exchange of which he is the head.
There -was a round of applause
when President Babcock "declared that
the stone was laid and the assembled
merchants then inspected the block of
granite that will fornran important
part in the future history of San
Francisco's business community.
Slowly ¦ the corner-stone was" low
ered and President Babcock was ask
ed to examine the water level and use
the plumb line in order to see that the
block of granite was well and truly
laid. >^
changes,' : charts of the bay. of San
Francisco and gold and silver coins
of theVUnited States for the present
year.
When President Babcock had fin
ishedreading the list Secretary Fried
lander dropped the tin box into the
cavity beneath . the corner-stone.
President Babcock was then hand
ed a large silver trowel and under the
guidance of the masons, he spread a
thick layer of mortar over the top of
the '.tin box and beneath the corner
stone.
SCARLET FEVER
GERM'S ORIGIN
It was the discovery of cold In California
which compelled building of the famous
American clipper ship of fifty years ago. and
so It was these wonderful crofs of. California
whrat which caused the construction In Ameri
can and British yards of a fleet of wooden and
iron Failing ships hitherto unequaled in sice and
etrength.
When this second golden stream began to
flow out through the Golden Gate it took but
a few years for It to reach such ¦. proportions
that the attention of the world was again at
tracted to California, and tbe conditions of our
harvest were powerful factors In making the
price of wheat 'n the world.
• Let us look back r.ear!y forty years to the
founding of the original Produce Exchange and
of the old Merchants' Exchange, parents of
this exchange.
In the early sixties the production of gold
in California began to diminish and the people
turned largely to agriculture, and by 1860-7
the great valleys were producing sufficient
Tfheat to admit of several hundred thousand
tors being exported.
Remember that it was only two cr three
years before that wheat and flour were t im
ported from Chile and Australia.
A SECOND GOLDEN STREAM.
It is hop^d that under its roof all those com
mercial bodies which are doing so much to ad
vance thiF city and State will find their home.
adjusted by the masons.
In opening the proceedings President
Babcock reviewed the history of the
Merchants' Exchange,- his address be
ing as follows:
We are assembled here -to-day ta lav the
cornerstone of the new Merchants' Exchange,
an organization which should np>Ml to :il! v.ho
are interested In the progress and welfare of
California.
DALY'S ESTATE
IS NOT GREAT
It was a bold step for the Produce Exchange,
_and rrany were the predictions of disaster, but
tlrt wisdom, of the move has been proved be
yond question.
And now we come to. the present exchange,
which was formed three years ago. hy vir
tually amalgamating the Produce Exchange
and the old Merchants' Exchange. The success
of this enterprise Is very larzely due to our
lornvr picsldpnt, George W. McNcar, and Mr.
Frtcdlanduf our secretary, both of whom have
worked] indefatigably to accomplish what
st-em«d 3n almost impossible task, the result
ot wMch will be worthy' of the growing corn
mere" of our port, prove of great benefit to our
corporation and be. an ornament to our city.
The site was purchased .from the old Produce
Exchange, llonds for the cost of the building
were sold, and seven-eiehths of the renting
space leased fcr a term of years, and when
we occupy our quarters at the end of next year
the exchange will be in receipt of a revenue
i ample for fill purposes.
TELJ.S OF TCEW' EXCHANGE.
In 1.8S4 the Produce Exchange, then housed
In an old rtructure at the corner of Davis and
Clay streets, deeldWh to purchaFe the control of
the ordinal Merchants' Exchange Association,
whicli owned the property upon which this new
building .'3 being erected. •
And eo it was in'the year of this firstilarge
wheat crop, In 186(1-67. that the Merchants' Ex
change was incorporated, and a few months
later the Pan Francisco Produce .Exchange was
inaugurated under S the leadership of Horace
Davis, who was its first president, and who
held that office for. ten .. years. It is -certainly
a great. privilege and a great p'eaaure to have
Mr. Dnvi3 with us to-day. . ' ¦
Those great . wheat - crops . brouzht - millions
into the State and' tided us over many Inter
vening years, which otherwise would have been
disastrous. . . - • . ¦ ¦ •
FORSAKEN MAID
AWAITS LEAVITT
George W. McXear was then intro
duced to the assembly and he spoke
oh the rapid growth of the industries
of San Francisco and the future out
look of the business community. He
ADDRESS BY G. W. McNEAR.
We must have men. who are strong and en
rrsetic to carry on . the work. . and who have
faith . In themselves and the future of their
country- • . . • -
This magnificent, building is a pledge of the
faith we all have In the future. Thc«- day i.-»
not far off when the Pacific will be . plowed
by . big fleets of vessel? as on the Atlantic,
and this city, will be the center of the com
merce of the entire world. . - ¦ ¦ .
In the old days San Francisco .was but' the
outpest. while now she is the stopping, place
for myriads of travelers that circle the globe.
The men of the early days were slants in
everything, and they phowed great and
courage. I need but mention Trierllander and
Boll and Smead an examples of the great pub
lic spirited citizen? who founded the exchange.
' The field to-day is a larger one than we had
to deal with thirty-seven years ago. On the
other side of the Pacific Ocean llvo more than
half the human race. and. as thPlr wants In
crease, we must supply them with what they
need. . i . ¦
the Produce Exchance ..In obedl«nce . to ' the
Instincts' which led the people to govern, them
selves in business affairs. In -those days, the
befcinninff was small. We had no railroads,
while now miles of cars dally cross: the Rochr
Mountains' from the East to the: West.
• we. had but one side- wheel steamship
a month to carry our malls to .Hongkong,
while now we have a blgr fleet of vessel* leav
ing every ether day with vast cargoes tor
the Orient. ' -
President William Babcock delivered
a short address and was followed by
Horace Davis and G. W. McXear,
former presidents of the exchange.
When the speeches were finished Sec
retary Friedlander deposited a sealed
tin box in the cavity beneath the cor
nrrstone. President Babccck then
spread the mortar with a silver trowel
and amid cheers the ponderous granite
cornerstone was lowered into place and
commercial bodies of the city and only
those unable to be present were missed
from the gathering.
At the southeast corner of the new
building, which is situated on Cali
fornia street, near Montgomery, a tem
porary stand had been erected and
decorated with bunting and national
fiass.
The massive iron work of the new
building was also bedecked with flags
and the Stars and Stripes were hoisted
from the top story of the building in
token of the momentous event of the
laying of the cornerstone.
President/ William Babcock of the
new Merchants' Exchange did the work
of laying the stone, assisted b>_ Secre
tary Cary T. Friedlander and Arthur
McEwen, the contractor for the stone
%\ork on the building.
A large crowd of sightseers witnessed
the proceedings, while three hundred
merchants gathered inside the struct
ure and stood around the temporary
stand where the cornerstone was laid.
SPEECHES DELIVERED.
SALEM, Mass., Dec. 14. — Miss Mary
A. Narbonne, widely known among
antiquarians and whose home at 71
Essex street, built previous to 1C80
and preserved on its original lines, is
of great historic interest, was attacked
by a housebreaker last night and bad
ly beaten. Her condition is critical.
Miss Xarbonne is 80 years old and
lives alone.- She is possessed of con
siderable wealth and her home is filled
with valuable antiques and curios.
She was awakened by a flash of light
ana a rough hand was placed upon
hr:r face,- the fingers of which were
crowded into her mouth. In a frenzy
of fear Miss Xarbonne bit the \fingers
until the blood spattered upon her
face and clothing. With his free hand
the intruder then pounded the wo
man's face into a mass of bruises.
Then the woman lost consciousness
and the man fled without procuring
any plunder. Miss Narbonne'a only
relative, Gardner Xarbonne, a nephew,
lives in Xevada.
lonely Woman 80 Years Old Is At
tacked by Night Prowlers and .
' Badly Beaten.
ROBBERS ATTACK AND
BEAT AX ANTIQUARIAN*
CHICAGO, Dec. 14.— There was told
in court to-day the story of a couple
who parted at the doors of Mrs. Kath
ryn Tingley's Temple of Theosophy at
Point Loma, Cal., because the wife
wished to probe into the occult mys
teries of Yogi and "Universal Brother
hcctU" while her children were left to
the airy protection of "higher law" and
her husband— well, it is alleged she
didn't care much what did become of
him, because Mrs. Tingley said he was
a tyrant.
On. the strength of this story, sub
stantiated by evidence in detail, Judge
Kavanagh to-day granted a divorce to
John J. Bohn, publisher and editor of
the Hotel "World, and gave him the
custody of the children. Bohn testi
fied that he married Miss Grace Green
on October 17, 1892, and that they lived
together happily until about seven
years ago, when Mrs^Bohn joined a
branch of the Theosophlcal Society,
which met In Masonic Temple. Then,
he says, she became infatuated with
the new cult and attended ' meetings
three times a week, leaving the children
in his care.
"One day." said he. "I came home to
find the children in the care of a
stranger. I spoke to my wife about it,
whereupon she told me that the chil
dren would be cared for by a 'higher
law' even if I placed them out in the
street. We "went to California In 1301
and after she had attended meetings
there she insisted on having the chil
dren placed in the Raga Yogi Philo
sophic School at Point Loma. I ob
jected, then she turned on me for the
first time in her life and declared in
violently profane language she would
never live with me again." \
Mrs. Tingley is said to have been
present at the quarrel in the capacity
of umpire and to have had the last
word by telling Bohn that he came of
seven generations of tyrants. The next
day, Bohn averred, his wife left the
hotel, where .they were stopping," taking
the children with her, and that he was
obliged to appeal to the Supreme Court
of California for a writ of habeas
corpus in order to get them again. A
number of neighbors and friends of the
family, testified to Mrs. Bohn's deser
tion.
Speclsl Dispatch to The Call.
Husband Says Her Infatuation
for Point loma Tlieosophy
Led to the Marital AYoes
NEGLECTED BY HIS WIFE
John J. Bohn, Chicago Editor,
Wins His Snit for Divorce
and 'Custody., of ChiMren
Horace. Davis, one of the founders of
the old Produce Exchange, was. then
introduced to the assembly and he com
pared the past events with those of the
present time concerning tho business
community of San 'Francisco. Mr.
Davis in part said:
It Is thirty-seven yeare ago that we founded
President Babcock then read a list
of, the contents of the tin box, which
included" copies of the daily newspa
pers, weekly trade publication, copies
of the Vrules of the Merchants' Ex
change, : lists of members of the or
ganization, plans of the new building,
articles of; incorporation and by-laws
of-. the /Merchants' and Produce ex-
CONTEXTS OF TIX BOX.
Secretary *Cary T. Friedlander ex
hibited the long tin box, hermetically
sealed,' which was to be deposited in
the "cavity beneath the corner-stone.
stated that the building of the new
Merchants' Exchange was but a prep
aration-for what was to come in the
future. He congratulated the busi
ness men of San Francisco for their
energy arid the success of the various
trade associations and paid a tribute
to the late Thomas Brown, who was a
leading factor in the preparation of
the, plans for the new quarters of the
merchants of San Francisco.
President Babcock then announced
that alP was ready for the laying of
the corner-stone.
. The. huge block of granite from the
quarry of the. Madera Granite Com
pany was already hanging In position,
suspended by a block and tackle.
Arthur McEwen, the contractor for
the stone work on the building,- spread
a layer qf cement where the corner
stone was to rest.
CORNERSTONE OF NEW MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE
LAID WITH SIMPLE BUT STRIKING CEREMONY
President William Babcock Conducts
Formality in Presence of
Prominent Citizens. '
With simple yet appropriate cere
mony ihe cornerstone of the new
Merchants' Exchange was laid yester
day at noon in the presence cf a large
number of prominent business men of
San Francisco.
The new quarters of the Merchants*
l^xchance were the center of interest
: estcrday in business circles. Invita
tions were sent out and accented by
the directors and officials of the various
TINGLEY'S CULT
WRECKS HOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1903.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free! Free!
Candies Bonbons
Chocolates
Given Away Free
WITH OUR
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Baking Powder
Everything that's
Beautiful in Fancy
China, Crockery, Glass-
ware, Ornaments,
Dolls 8c Novelties
Come See Them
You Will Be Charmed
WITH OUR EXTRA
Liberal Premiums
Great American Importing Tea Co.
KCl Market. U10 Toilc . IS59 DevUadero
-10 Grant *v. 705 lArkln. 300C 61ite«-nth.
J »f» Klxtb.'- 473 Ilalcht. • 621 ilontjr'y ave
:ii5 HsycE. 2510 Mli?Jca. 32*>3 MiMlon.
J4C Ninth. 'S2 Market. SCfi .Third.
tOOH Flllmere.. Z72S 24lh. 4C9 Fourth.
; ; .
Always Remember the Full Jtiqme
jj axativo Hromo rjTZJnins
CcrcScCoidmOncDay, Gnu in 2 Days
vi?/?Z£>*y onevery
hSX] 1 EMS in Fur-
Ill^rtffi niture to be
III! H Hi!, exquisite need
y&Fkr not necessar-
1 ily be expensive.
A Tabourette for
instance with Tea
Set or Potted
Palm upon It sets
off an Oriental
co.rner charming-
ly. Golden or
Weathered Oak or
Mahogany com-
bine durable build
and beautiful fin-
ish. Such a prac-
tical addition to
the home gratifies
one's artistic
taste and serves
as a delightful
Xmas remem-
brance.
opj>!liearny
A CHRISTMAS INVITATION
Is yours to call and inspect our methods
of washing, blueing, starching, ironinjr.-
calling for and delivering all sorts of
clothes ever properly sent to a laumlrjr
of the first grade, which this is without
question. If you cannot do the calling,
we will come at your call.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MASKET STSZTET.
Near PowelL
Phone South 43O.
PERFECT
TJsod by people of refinement
-fox over a Quarter of a cantruy
P»€ PARED BT
DOST rOSOET THAT
ED. EVATT
fob aa tea»3 with t. IiTtjpt
Is at 76 Geary St. '
With a fine «teck of DIanion<!«. "Watehe*.
Jewelry. Cut Glass and Solid Silverware
No more 50 cer cent profit on roods.
Come and *e« me and save rnor.ey.
EVATT S. HINKLE
76 Geary Street.
OPUS ETJUilSGS.
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsla
Best NATURAL Alkalino Water.
A. VIG.NLEB. CO., San Prancisco.
iCoal Reduction
j American Cannel i
Sold bv AH Reliable Dealers.
V ,;,_ . ' .^
jarfSS^fea MENANDWOMElt.
Xygyty^r-nrH^Sa C» Big O for nnn»tnr*l
Mskfiria 1 «• * 4iti!v4 di»char»«t.infl»mni»tioai.
MSSf Q*»nMt*ti Th Irritation* or nlcarationa
#1*5? b»i w itTtrtar*. of muconi rnenibr»c«t.
B» *j Trmutt C»»u«i<». Paia>t«, *nd not »»tria-
HTCl^lEliiSCHEygilCfl. g»nt or pomunoui.
wSa ci.ici«iun.B.R^ ««i<i by Dm«nu,
CS.A. >BSr or Mnt ia plain wr*pp«r.
-^>M«iv. br «xpr««i. r"P»'<l. ior
•) .00. or S bottle* 12.74.
"• H circular Met ca r»«as*t.
¦RHEUMATISMS?^
II Helpl«». yhrsioal and Financial infler no loncnr B
HFor information, write SAN LUIS HOT SUL-B
U phur springs, San Luis obis pp. Calm
DIRECTORY
\ OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Hailai
. on Application.
rSESH A2TD SAI.T STE ATS.
IIC PnVCC *m Shlppins Butchers. 10*
JAb. DUIE3 & WU. Clay.- Tel. Main 1234. _
oxxa.
LUBRICATING OILS: t-EONAKD «t EL1O3L
41S Front «t.. S. F. I'hone Main 17 la.
n* r mirncc -- printer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHREVE & GO.
MANUFACTURERS.
>;.;. IMPORTERS OF,. ./
Precious Stones
Gold and Silver Smiths
POST and MARKET STS.
OPEN EVENINGS
UNTIL CHRISTMAS"Parsifal*' Is Corid'emnecL
. BOSTON, Dec. 14.— A reduction in
wages averaging 10 per; cent and in
volving 6000 operatives was made to
day in the cotton mills at Adams,
North Adams, Mass. and Norwich,
Conn. . . )
Big Cut In AVages.
Machinist Becomes Millionaire.
OTTUMWA. Iowa, Dec. 14. — Frank
Bradbury, a local machinist has fall
en , heir to a fortune estimated at
$1,000,000 left by his uncle, Thomas
Bradbury of New York, a piano man
ufacturer. • ¦
Man. AVho. Murdered His Wife in
Brooklyn Dies in ISleotrie Chair
". In Sing Siuff. . j.
NEW YORK, Dec. .U.-r-Willjam H.'
Ennis,, a jforfner^, Brooklyn policeman,;
cdnvlcted of 'having 'murdered hiS
wife, Was put to" death this morning'
in the electric chair in Sing Sing pris
on. .Two applications of the -current
w'ere made. . , r - ' r . .
The murder occurred on January
14, 1902/ at the home of Mrs. Ennis'
mother in Canarsie. -The -policeman'
first. attacked his mother-in-law", then ;
net. shot^downs his wife, despite the"
pleadings, of he,r sister.
FORMER POLICEMAN
PX: .f PAYS LIFE PENALTY
Two .women from Oakland who gave
assumed names In Judge Mogan's court'
yesterday, appeared to prosecute a
burly negro irooper named Lee Banks.!
They coyly "admitted that they h&d
been drinking, too much during the!
everiingVand while * waiting at Kearnyi
and Washington streets* for a c*ar, were
accosted by,' the negro, who attempted:
to; v take ho'.d of one of the women. She
rpsented;thc familiarity fUidlhe,, knocked
I hfer> i 'd6^ v^^^^^o-Mp^^6j^e5i:t^i'*'ilike j 
service"for'Ver companion.* Judge Mo- 1
gan found him guilty of battery and
will "make the-' amount of tho fine a de-'
ter'rent one for future liberties on the,
part it tho negro soldier.
HONOLULU, Dec. 14.—Ex-Agricul
tural Commissioner" Wray Taylor, who
was indicted last Mareh for the alleged
embezzlement of $S00 of .Government
money, has been heard from. Taylor
went to California early In the year on
official business, and after visiting a
number of agricultural officials was not
heard of again. An inquiry disclosed
that he had disappeared and that he
was short in his accounts as Agricul
tural Commissioner. His indictment
followed.
A letter Just received here from Epis
copal Bishop Restarick of Hawaii says
that Taylor visited the" Bishop while
the latter was in New York. Taylor
said that he had been home to England,
but could not recall making the trip.
His njir.d was a" blank from the time
he was in San Francisco until he was
with relatives In England. Taylor's
story finds many believers here. He
could have been an embezzler for a
large amount had he been so inclined,
aa his career had been one . of trust.
He was organist- for the- Anglican
Fathers. His brother, who is said to
have experienced a- similar lapse of
memory, died here recently.
Former Agricultural Commissioner
Taylor of Honolulu Has a Strange
Story to Tell.
ALLEGED EMBEZZLER
SAYS MIND WAS BLANK
George H. MuMer and F. O. Bushnell
are making a hard fight to escape con
viction in Police Judge Fritz' court for
their little escapade with Policemen
Peters and Hayden two weeks ago at
the corner of Eddy and Powell streets.
Peters and Muller had a lively mix-up
and tho officer was compelled to draw
his revolver before he could subdue "nls
antagonist. Policeman Hayden, L. R.
Parker,, an, insurance man, and 'lln.ll
Williams, a steward 'at the Pacific
Union Club, testified that Muller was
the aggressor, which' closed the cas->
of the prosecution. For the defuse
Walter R. Kneiss and George A. Kuplo
thought thnt Peters had. struck tho
first blow, although they made no ma
terial change in the nature of the con
versation preceding the fight from that
maintained by the prosecution. Thrj
case will probably be concluded to-day)
Pretty papeteries in beautiful boxes,
envelopes and paper tied with silk rib
bons. Kseful for Christmas. Sanborn,
\ all & Co. •
Jail to continue his pleasant mood
Grant* Porto Ilk-b a Delegate.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— The Com
mittee on Insular Affairs of the House
to-day reported a bfll giving Porto
Rico a Delegate in Congress.
CHANUTE, Kans.,.Dec. 14.— During a
drunken riot on the streets here a po
liceman shot Ed McLaln through the
chest. McL.iin and Eiisha Wells then
made a stand and fired into a crowd
of 200 persons which had pursued them.
A . policeman returned the shots but
no one was hurt. McLaln may di-?.
Poliwinnn Shoots a . Hoodlum.
WASHINGTON. Dec" 14.— The gross
postal receipt? at the fifty largest post
offices in the United States for thelast
month, compared with November, 1902.
were $5,402,^S0, an increase of more
than 7 per *nt. Tho highest increase
was Zk> p^r cent at Los Angeles.
Postal Rcfeints Increase.
Judge Cnbaniss yesterday let' go a
large collection of derelicts, alwiya
possible criminals, who haunt the
•'wine Joints" on the Barbary Coast,
much to the' disgust of the arresting
oflicers. But down at the very last of
the line he found one squat chap .vho
didn't look good to him. The pollc:-
man testified that he found him at 3
o'clock in the morning trying to dis
pose of a watch and that he had- a
blackjack in his pocket. His name is
Thomas McGowan and the situation
was so pleasing to him that he smiled
gleefully throughout the hearing. H»
was given five months in the County
PUEBLO. Colo., Dec. 14.— The loco
motive, baggage car ar.d first coach of.
a Rock Island train coming west wore
thrown off the track this morning -.on
miles cast of Colorado Springs', and
three trainmen were badly hurt. The
v/reck was caused by school children,
v.ho placed a bolt en the track.
School Lads Cause a Wreck.
SIOUX CITY, Iowa. Dec. 14.— Hnrry
Maine, cashier of the Farmers' and
Merchants' Bank of Linn Grove, Iowa,
shot himself through the heart to-day.
It is. understood Maine lost heavily on
the board of trade. The bank is a pri
vate institution with deposits of $100,
000. It is controlled by, the First Na
tional Bank. of., Storm Lake, which or
dered Its doors closed.
Banker Commits Suicide.
Veronique Pacquatte is a hard work
ing little French laundress at 934 Mc-
Allister street with a child to support.
For the last three years she also has
had to feed ar.d clothe a big. hulking
Frenchman of a husband. He toiled
not, neither did he spin, but Solomon
in all his glory never acquired the jags
that have been imbedded in the inner
works of the husband during the three
years last past, while the wife toiled
fourteen hours a day for him and their
¦child. Lately he has been In the habit
Of escorting his Jag to the French laun
dry and mussing things up consider
ably. His wife finally had him arrested
for hatterv and he appeared before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday with Maitre
Cognet for his advocate. The maitre
made the most eloquent plea of his life.
During fifteen minutes of impassioned
oratory at !east seven words of Eng
lish f.oated out of the maelstrom of
fiery French and the Judge was moved.
He finally allowed the husband to go,
with the warning that if he annoyed
his wife any further he would be sent
APPLETON, Wis., Dec. 14.— The
body of L. e. Mitchell, the SaiHa,
Colo., miner who died on Thursday
last, is still in the Morgue unclaimed.
A telegram containing a touching- p.p
peal for assistance was received from
Mitchell's wife to-day. . Mitchell, it was
said, was about to negotiate a «J«»al
which would make him wealthy when
he was attacked with a hemorrhnge
and died. •
Miner's Body Unclaimed.
J. Tysma, a well-groomed Hollander,
who says he is making a tour of the
world, has been doing a good deal of
touring in San Francisco during his
three weeks' stay in this interesting
metropolis. A week after his arrival he
landed before Judge Cabaniss on the
charge of carrying concealed weapons
and was fined $10. Appended to the
charge was a tale of a golden career in
the opulent haunts of pleasure, of
which, the court refused to take cogniz
ance. A few days later Judge Cabaniss
wandered into Judge Conlan's court
and found the touring Hollander again
arraigned for packing around deadly
weapons. There were sidelights to this
story that did not get into the record.
Once again yesterday Herr Tysma
loomed up fresh and smiling before
Judge Cabaniss. He had evidently got
the Police Court habit, which is more
seductive than morphine.' This time he
had trouble with a hackman, which
was adjusted on an equitable basis by
the court. Judge Cabaniss told the tour
ist who is touring so much in narrow
circles that the best thing he could do
was to go back to his native dykes and
the tender care of his mother. The
great world was no place' for h'.z exu
berant temperament. Herr Tysma
promised to think It over.
Sobatoris Viassi, although a native
of a commercially decadent nation, is
personally a strong believer in aggres
siveness in the extension of trade. He
is a trader only in a small way, but
he is aggressive enough to capture the
entire markets of the world, if only
he were let alone. He peddles limes
to private houses and when he fails
to make a sale he stands out on the
front stoop and curses the entire fam-1
ily clear down to the dog in blood
curdling mixtures of American and
Italian profanity/ The only way to se
cure his withdrawal is to purchase his
wares. Several complaints were made
of his methods and he was up before
Judge Mogan yesterday. He was
promptly found guilty of disturbing the
peace, but the charge of peddling with
out a license went over until to-day
for further investigation. At any rate
his commercial ideas will undergo re
vision when the Judge finishes with
him. |
Fight for Presidency of Lady Manag
ers Lies Between Mrs. Ilorton
and Mrs. Manning.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 14.— Miss Helen
Gould to-day notified her friends
among .the Board of Lady Managers of
the World's Fair that under no circum
stances could she consider acceptance
of the position of president to suc
ceed Mrs. James L. Blair. This, ac
cording to the members themselves,
leaves the contest practically between
Mrs. John Miller Horton of Buffalo and
Mrs. Daniel Manning of Washington.
Mrs. Mary Phelps 3Iontgomery of
Portland, Ore., who has been mentioned
as a candidate for president, said to
day that she thought there was no
question that the contest would ba be
tween Mrs. Horton and Mrs. Manning.
She believed Mrs. Manning would be
chosen.
The board will make an effort after
convening to-morrow to secure permis
sion to change the by-laws so that the
present limitation of twenty-one mem-'
bers shall be increased to twenty
three.
MISS HELEN* GOULD
DECLINES THE HONOR
Woman's devotion to man was illus
trated forcibly in Judge Mogan's court
yesterday. Some weeks ago Philip Kel
ly, living at 1318 Hampshire street, at
tacked his wife with a butcher knife,
cut her severely in the hand and
stabbed her in the left breast. Fright
ened* at his deed, he sought medical as
sistance unsuccessfully, and finally
came to the police station and said that
he had stabbed his wife and feared she
was going to die. She was sent to the
Receiving Hospital and the husband
was locked up on the charge of at
tempted murder. When the case came
up for preliminary hearing the first
time the Judge asked the wife if she
was in earnest in her intention to pros
ecute her husband. Smarting from her
injuries, she proclaimed that she want
ed him punished. She appeared yester
day with a four-months-old baby in her
arms and calmly told the court that
she did not want to testify against
Kelly. There was nothing to do except
dismiss lhe defendant, and the reunited
trio left the courtroom with the wom
an's hand in the man's and her eyes
smiling up to him.
VANCOUVER, B. C.'-Dec. 14.— Drs.
Morris and Williams of Vernon to-day
engaged in a rough and tumble fight at
a Coroner's inquest held in that town.
It was the culmination of an inquiry
into the cause of the death of a woman
named Marion RusselL There was a
large attendance of lawyers and phy
sicians from neighboring towns. The
two doctors pummeled each other and
one' of the lawyers was knocked down
during the fight and trampled upon by
the combatants. Policemen were sent
for and order was finally restored.
Tlie Coroner's jury brought in a ver
dict of death from natural causes, but
accused Dr. Williams of unprofessional
conduct and declared that the quarrel
between the only two doctors of' the
town was a menace to the community.
Later the Jury declared that in its
opinion a man named Ferguson should
be run out of the town.
Fpeeial lMipatch to Jhe Call.
\V. H. Clifford, playwright, author,
librettist and other things, testified he
roomed at the Adams House' with Wil
kerson and knew of his conduct. He
n«»ver saw Miss Rosedale in Wilkerson's
apartments.
Ovita Leathe, who is r-'W Mrs.
Hawes, sat with, Flossie Hope during
the play and smiled and wept as the
drama was unfolded. Sue is the young
vnman who gave testimony ihf.t partly
proved that Wilkerson had bsen guilty
o r suspicious acts, and wh? f i witnosses
were put on the stand in the afternoon
to prove her good character Attorney
Newbergh insinuated that hjw character
was bad. Mrs. Hawes burst into tears
and tried to break in on the p!ay. Mrs.
.Barney Bernard led her from the play
house in order .that the porformance
-might not be interrupted.
The muchly abused heroine said she
• earned $150 a week at Fischer's. The
.heavy villain afterward cut in and said
he had given his wife thousand* of dol
lars and it was not stage money. When
the friends'of the muchly abused wife
had the stage Wilkerson muttered un
der his breath and bit his nails In real
melodramatic style. The performance
was not over at 4:30 p.' m.' so it was
continued until this morning. The au
'dience crowded the stag* door and
'waited until the actors In the drama
•came out. The "Johnnies" ogled the
chorus girls and others stared at the
leading man and women.
• K ¦ - : ¦; .- ' •
"No, I never did."
"Did you ever play cards with W il- r
kerson?" he was asked.
"Yes, I played poker with him until
the early hours of the morning."
"For heavy stakes?"
THEY PLAYED POKEH.
Miss Rosedale was allowed to seok
the seclusion of the wings au-l Harry
Harris, a man with a heavy cold, al
lowed the calcium to shine on nim for
awhile.
"Were you ever addressed as 'the llt
tlp Indian squaw'?!'
"Yes. Miss Gorman might ha\e called
me that." *
"Was Mr. Wilkerson ever in your
room in Spokane?"
"Yes, twite, but in th3 davt!m-.\"
"How did Mr. Wilkerson's trunk
come to be in your room?"
"I 'paid him $5 for it in Spokane."
The play might have been entitled
"The Lost Pajamas." Spicy lines .en
livened the production. Pretty chorus
girls without their make-ups held the
center of the stage and spoke their
lines, prompted at times by the inquir
ing relative and the Hebrew comedian.
Harry James came out to lead the or
chestra, and .a few master mechanics
were on hand to help out if needed.
Myrtle Rosedale held the stage for a
long time. Her acting was superb. She
never forgot her lines and played her
part nicely. She is called the co-re
spondent, but she declines the title. The
audience held its breath as the witness
told of locked doors that separated her
from, the heavy villain on northern
trips. She denied that Wilkerson ever
played "Sanho" with her and' carried
her from one room to another. She said
she knew there was a key in the door,
because she had examined the door. ¦ '
"But you wore pajamas?" asked
Humphrey.
"I did, and they were red," said Miss
Rosedale. '
"Did you ever . call Wilkerson
'Daddy'?"
'1 never did." ,
"THE LOST PAJAMAS."
For the. last week a pair of pajamas
have hovered over the Wilkerson di
vorce case. One witness said "they were
baby blue, another vowed they were
pink, the defendant swore they were
cream-colored and how the co-respond
ent in the case comes forward and de
clares they were red. Judge Murasky
has taken 'judicial notice of the color,
and unless the said pajamas are
brought into court and marked "Ex
hibit A" more testimony must be intro
duced'to pVove who wore them. ¦¦¦¦¦
Myrtle Rosedale, a -chorus girl with
soulful black eyes, a retrousse nose and
a charming lisp, denied that Ira Puerl
Wilkerson presented them to her. She
claims she bought them and wore them
at all times. Attorney William F. Hum
phrey, who represents Maud Amber
(Mrs. Wilkerson) in the divorce pro
ceedings, tried hard yesterday to prove
the original ownership of the pajamas,
but Miss Rosedale was too wary.
There was a select audience in Judge
Murasky's courtroom yesterday to see
the performance. The Wilkerson di
vorce suit has the elements of a trag T
edy and a farce. Puerl Wilkerson is the
heavy villain, and Amber, 'the
statuesque song queen at Fischer's, is
the muchly abused heroine. When the
curtain went up yesterday morning the
critics occupied orchestra seats and en-
Joyed the play hugely. Judge Murasky
fulfilled the position of stage manager
and allowed no waits. Attorney A. S.
Newbergh played the Hebrew come
dian, and Attorney Humphrey assumed
the role of the inquiring relative. There
was a dim light in the courtroom and
the scenes were sometimes
sometimes pathetic and at all times
sensational.
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. 14.— Copies
have been received here of a scathing
letter sent by Senator Fulton and Sen
ator Mitchell to Attorney General
Knox, protesting against the appoint
ment of Francis J. Heney and C. A. S.
Frost as special prosecutors in the Ore
gon land fraud cases. The letter, which
is quite lengthy, says in part:
"We cannot but / regret that you
should have felt compelled to go out
of Oregon to secure competentlegal.as
sistarits. Had you gone elsewhere than
to California to secure assistants, we
might have thought you were indis
posed to select one from Oregon lest
in so doing you might secure one whose
business interests would be in some
way affected by the prosecutions: but
such could not have been the motive
that guided you, or you would have
gone elsewhere than to California, for
it is generally believed that the head
and front of ' whatever conspiracy *has
existed to defraud the Government in
the matter of timber lands has its
home in' San Francisco.
"To have ignored our recommenda
tion in order to appoint for the work
one who has just escaped from jail
leaves us at a loss to understand what
we have done to merit such treatment.
And the matter becomes more and
more inexplicable to us when we re
member that this San Francisco at
torney was sentenced to jail upon a
judgment of conviction of a crime
quite similar in character to the one
for which the parties he has now. been
appointed to prosecute have been in
dicted."
Social Dispatch to The Call.
Physician Accused of Unprofes-r
sional Conduct and Another
3Ian Required to Leave Town
Mrs. Ovita Hawes Finds Solace
in Tears When Aspersions
* Are Cast on Her Character
to a place where the bears couldn't bite
him for many moons.
George Beattie, white, and Arthur
Cotton, colored, two youths with preco
ciously developed criminal instincts,
were bound over to the Superior Court
by Judge Conlan yesterday in bonds of
$2000 on the charge of burglary. They
are accused of breaking into a gun
stone on Sansc-me street, but were ap
prehended before they secured any
booty.
Attorney General the Recipient
of a Missive Denouncing Al
leged Unfairness of Selection
. Mrs. Alice. Peck, who lives with her
husband and -her mother on Fulton
street, has hot been 'taking any three
jear course at a "German university in
studying hour to rear children. She
has a much simpler method than that.
She believes in a long right hand
swing to the butt of the- ear and then
if the child is not; sufficiently, raised
she follows with a left hook to the jaw.
She explained' the method ' to Judge
Mogan yesterday. Nine little chil
dren all in a row,. four of whom were
little girls, invaded the back yard at
tached to the domicile of which Mrs.
Peck and her family occupy the upper
portion. The woman in the lower fiat
suffered the little ones to play in the
back yard without molestation, but
Mrs. Peck resented the intrusion and
descending in her wrath on the
youngsters caught hold of a little girl
and slapped her soundly. '"I gave her
a good, hard slapping." she told Judge
Mogan. The children also testified
that Mrs. Peck had a revolver in her
hand and pointed it at them. This,
she explained to the Judge, who erro
neous. She had been cleaning her re
volver, she said, and rushed down
stairs without giving any thought to
the weapon she carried. She denied
that she had pointed it at the chil
dren. As a defense she said that the.
children had .gibed at her when told
to leave the premises and she thought
she had a right to expel them forcibly.-
Judge Mogan found her guilty and
will tell her this morning the amount
her mistaken idea of how to raise
children will cost her.
BITTER LETTER TO KNOX
LACAYMAL SCENE IN COURT
DISORDER ..AT AX INQUIRY;
British Columbian Doctors .En
liven the Proceedings by a
Bough -and : Tumble - Fight
Oregon Lawmakers at Wash
ington Complain of Special
Prosecutors in Land Fraud
Wilkerson Divorce Suit Now
Hinges on the Ownership
of the Bizarre Articles
Is Cleaning It When She Starts Downstairs to
Evict Children From Back Yard and Forgets to
Lay It Down— Lime Peddler's Profanity Abated
BATTLE MARS
THE INQUEST
SENATORS FILE
SHARP PROTEST
RED PAJAMAS
IN THE CASE
MRS. PECK INFORMS COURT
WHY SHE HAD A REVOLVER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. DECEMBER 15, 1903.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— The Co-operative
Association .of America., with headquarters at
Lewlston. Me., has Issued a call for a national
convention to be held in Fanueil Hall, Boston,
January 12 to 14 next to "promote ac economic
and cooperative Belf-fovernment."
CHICAGO." Dec."" 14:— Tfie Chicago
Presbytery to-day.adopted a resolution
condemning the production on the
public stage /of . ''Parsifal'', and other
so-called religious rilays j which depict
Jesus Christ subjected to temptation
by W 6mW • ~
6
Comet to Everyone, Bat Its Visits May
So Postponed.
Old age is not a question of years.
Some men are old at forty, others are
young: at sixty.
It's a mighty hard proposition to look
young, no matter how young you feel. If
your hair Is falling: out and your head
becoming bald.
Perhaps you are tired trying ineffec-
tual remedies for this evil.
"We don't blame you if you are.
Why not try an effective one for a
change.
Newbro's Herpicide kills the Dandruff
germ — which Is. the cause of the whole
trouble.,
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect." ' ' •
Bold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit, Mich.
OLD AGE
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
ip^OR special articles on burn- j
-a. ing questions, good stories, I
1 beautiful pictures, and novels by; I
I famous writers, McCLURE'S is jl
JH the^best of all magazines -^ and ; j
Trie Christmas McClure's ?
is now for sale On all news stands. I-
. McClure's— 10 cents a copy-r-$1.00 a year I
"At atiy price the best** \
O I XLL/I ALr Subscribe now for 1904^-11. 00-r*nd get the November and I
' /\ t^ TE*'TG*"-T1> December numbers of 1903 free — 14 months for $1.00. The H
•. V/JP'JP I* + fry -'' S. S. McClure Co^! 147 East 25$i Street, New York City. .. .'.11
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
1
For JANUARY
j i§MBam&Ba£H3m3TCiHHl
MRS. OSBORN
the renowned fashion authority, has become a reg-
ular contributor to The Delineator. Three pages
of the January number (and of future issues) will
¦ be devoted to her letter with accompanying illustra-
tions. This is our latest achievement in the interest
of those who subscribe to The Delineator primarily
for its fashion information. Hereafter the magazine
will contain not only the latest ideas covering an
immense range of styles of our own corps or de-
signers, artists and writers, with illustrations by the
most skilful fashion artists, but it will also present
the views of the present and the prophecies for the
future of this justly famous modiste.
THE FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH
. A Remarkable Series on
PERSONAL BEAUTY JK'pS^EB .
By Dr. Grace Peckham Murray. Finely Illustrated. This series of twelve monthlj
* articles will be a mott practical help to The Delineator reader*.
J) AD CTI7 AT* How Opera was Written, by W. J. Henderson;
1 /^.IXOll r\Lj I Reminiscences of lhe First Performance, by Custav
Kobbe'. Illustrated from the only photographs of the opera ever taken, and pow pub-
lished for the first time. A unique treat for the music lover. Just as interesting and
ia another vein is SCHUMANN-HEINK AT HOME.
THE EVOLUTION OF A CLUB WOMAN— Serial
THE GOLDEN POPPY— A story by Jack London
A DEPARTMENT FOR CHILDREN
HOME MAKING WAITING AND SERVING AT TABLE
For practical fashion information of value ; for the care of your person, the beautifying
of your home, lhe welfare of children ; for every kbd of needlework, and for good liter-
ature attractively illustrated, "Just Get The Delineator."
Of your newidealer. or any Bctterick agent, or the pobtaKen. at 1 5 Ceaif ¦ copy. SI for aa
entire year. THE BUTTERICK PUPL1SH1NG CO.. 7-17 W. 13th Street. New Yock
FREE — Anyone addressing the publishers will be mailed free Mrs. Osborn's letts*
with illustrations.
Subscriptions to The Delineator can be handed hi at any of the fol
lowing Butterick Agencies In this City:
The Butterick Publishing Co., (Ltd.), 201 Post street.
The Emporium.
1 Weinstock, Lubin & Co., Grant avenue and Geary street,
I. :.. Cohen, • 145 Sixth street.
J. W. Eaton, 639 McAllister street.
s! M. Cohn & Bro., 1305 Stockton street.
W C Hays, 1303 Polk street.
D Lindner, ' 173 0 Devisadero street. -
• • Schoenholz Bros. & Co., 2011-2013 FUlxnore street.
F L Waibel, 3035 Sixteenth street.
' Oscar Waibel,' : . 2526 Mission street.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
3^ , . — - - «M^^
'BEERS
The Highest Priced but
. * the Best Quality. ;, [" '
. soldIlvery where.-
HILBERT MERCANTILE COi" \" ,V
-¦.- Pacific ' Coast Axents. * •'.¦Vj?
t) visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
4HUSEUH OF AHATOMY^
0 £$ 10:iXl2ZIT S?. tot 5:iiTi, KfJOC i
\ The Lar;»»tAaataoric«I Mawjinte theA
Q jjJtLmZ.' Vl orld - Wfikteste* or any contracted Q
i. OK: ?3M <S. : «e»« pomlllw^ljr <-«r«>< .iy ;hr ol-ieit X
O if^tfil jp«:a:i*to«iheCout Ejl 36 y?i.-i. O
6 5^^J DR - JOROAN-O'SEASES OF MEN 6
\ vS&V^B Connultation free ind ttrictly print?. \
H » Xjtgi it Tr*irtnfnt peroonaiiy «t by it':er. A Q
V R If Cl H Pantiv LVr« ia tvary c»«e undertaken. \
A P I 11 iS Write for &->ok. PlilLOKOraT mt A
"a 1 a%nql»6K. MAILED P.1ES. fAT
A £J y, valuable book for mra) x
V oa Jom>A.\ /t co.. iisi .v.trt:*t3t..s. r. v
.CUTHEZRy
EVERYBLAIORRRANTS)
fry* '//jura ¦ . r. .m « tji n /£> r A %
fLigATENTS^
H fl I I I ft fi IS nmorcd. Health nstorrd. At
fi V I U H/J {I u«kia.r,rr-«uni. Eath^rtUj
Ily I I I ¦¦¦¦ ¦ aarokara. Vo farther amd al
Afckma »nd Baj F»rer. P. Haroln Hani. Buffalo. JT.T. ' "
Weak Men aod Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Gr»at Mexican 1 Remedy; gives health aad
strength to eeiual organs. Depot, 323 ' Market.WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— The Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court of the United States to
«5ay announced a r»*re*« of that court for two
weekc frcm next Monday.
NEW YORK. Dec. 14. — Rear Admiral Lud
low. who has been 111 at hi* home In Oekdala.
L. I.. . with heart failure, waa said to-day to
b« Kreatly Improved. . , •
KIEL. Dec. 14. — It. is reported in
naval circles here that the Germa l
third-class cruiser Nymph will be sent
to St. Louis for the opening of the ex
position.
Gorman Cruiser nt St. I/Oui?.
Municipal development of water, gas.
electricity, street railways, markets,
baths and cemeteries in Nottingham.
Eiiglard. has showed an average annual
net profit of J15R.000 for the last four
years. The money Is applied to the reduc
tion of taxes. ¦ •
Peter Fanning, the popular police
man who has for a number of years
guarded the doors of the City Prison
nt the Hall of Justice, has been trans
ferred to sentinel duty at the Mayor's"
office. "Pete," as he is known in the
department, takes the place of Ser
peant Williams, former protector of
the Mayor, who goes on street duty.
••IVto" Tannins Is Transferred.
Will Examine I*i*osi>ective Officers.
Th^ Civil Service Commissioners
will hold the medical examination of
njirlicants for positions on the police
force at the rooms of the Police Com
misisor.ers on January 13, 14, 15, 20.
21 and 22. Applications will be re
<eive<l up to January 4, about which
dale the :nen will be examined as to
their intellectual fitness. The success
ful lieutenants in the recent examin
ation for the position of police captain
will be named at the next meeting of
the Commissioners.
The Congregational Club will hold its
annual forefathers' day dinner at the
California' Hotel on Monday, evening,
December 21.- Professor John Mac
intosh of San' Ans'elmo will be among
the distinguished speakers.
RUTLAND, Vt., Dec. 14.— Terms
were made public to-day of the will of
Silas Granby of Danby, the lumber
king, who died in California last July.
More than $100,000 is left for a li
brary in Danby and there are many
other bequests. ,
The most unique feature of the will,
however, is. an annuity of $2500 to
provide a Christmas tree and gifts for
the children of Danby, Mount Tabor
and surrounding villages. These gifts
ar« to be distributed flrst this year at
a tree to be held in the Congregational
church of, Danby. Another fund of
52000 is provided to furnish shoes,
clothing, etc., for the poor children of
the same places on Christmas.
Union of the Christian Endeavor So
ciety will be held In the First United
Presbyterian Church next Thursday
evening. Rev. Mr. Rader will deliver
an address. Dr. Francis Clark, founder
of the Christian Endeavor Society, Is
expected in the" city soon, en route to
the Orient. •-:-
Silas Granby's Will Provides Big Sum
for Children of Ills Old Ver
mont Home.
REME3IBERS LITTLE
ONES OX , CHRISTMAS
; Little • gold clocks, candlesticks, can
delabra and trays; a dainty line for
Christmas, pleases everybody. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.
The trial of Henry Milton, alias
George H. T'pton. the ex-convict,
charged with the murder of James Gil
leece, the aged saloon-keeper, on Elev
enth Ftreet, near Market, on the night
of April 14, was to have proceeded be
fore a jury in Judge Lawlor's court yes
terday, but when the case was called
Attorney N. C. Coghlan informed the
Judge that he had retired from it, and
the Judge appointed Attorney H. C.
Dibble to look after the defendant's in
terest. A continuance was granted till
to-morrow to enable Dibble to familiar
ize himself with the facts of the case.
Mrs. Martha E. Bowers, charged with
the murder of her husband, Martin L.
Bowers, on August 23 by administering
j'oison to him. appeared Before Judge
Cook yesterday, and by consent her
trial was set for January 6. She was
represented by Attorney Frank Drury.
Her face looked pale and haggard, and
it was evident that her detention in Jail
has decreased her weight.
The case of John H. Powell, charged
v. ith Charles Sullivan with the mur
der of Srx>cial Policeman Robert A.
Fcmpie on Folsom street, between First
and Second, on the mornir.s: of August
11. was called before Judge Lawlor and
was continued till this morning to be
Bet Tor trial.
The defendant's wife, whose alleged
familiarity with Chipman was the
< nuse of the shooting, sat beside him.
Fitting almost behind them were the
mother and brother of the dead man,
who watched the proceedings with the
keenest interest.
Shortly before 4 o'clock in the after
noon all the witnesses for the prosecu
tion had testified and the case was con
tinued till this morning, when the wit
nesses for the defense will be called to
give their testimony. The evidence for
the prosecution was the same as that
piven at the Coroner's inquest and pre
liminary hearing.
The trial of Frank J. Grundman,
• harped with the murder of Frank H.
Ch'.pman at the offices of the Southern
Parifk Company. Fourth and Town
rend streets, on the afternoon of March
•4, was commenced before a jury in
Judge Cook's court yesterday morning.
The defendant is represented by Attor
neys Alford and Gallagher and Assist
ant District Attorney Ashe is prose
cuting.
The Methodist churches will hold a
love feast and watch night service New
Year's eve at Central Methodist Epis
copal Church,' Mission street, between
Sixth and Seventh. Every one will be
admitted by presenting an old-fash
ioned "love feast ticket," such as was
used in Baltimore in 1853. -Two thou
sand of the invitations have been or
dered for distribution.
The Woman's Auxiliary or the Epis
copal church met at the diocesan house
yesterday. Every room was stacked
with goods for boxes for the home mis
sion fields.-
A special meeting of the Golden Gate
TO HOLD LOVE FEAST.
Among those present were:
Rev. William Rader. Rev. Dr. George C.
Auams. Rev. W. H. Atkinson, Rev. C. R.
Brown. Rev. R. C. Brooks, Rev. A. C Drahms,
Rev. Dr. W. C. Day. Rev. J. K. Harrison. Rev.
Dr. J. K. McLean. Rev. John Phillip*. Rev: Dr.
\V. C. Pond, Rev. James Rowell. Rev. B. F.
Sariteant, Rev. W. H. Scudder. Rev. E. S.
Williams. Rev. & J. Singer. Rev. II. C. Luck
enbach, Profesyor W. D. Badt. Rev. L. P.
Hitchcock. Rev. T. R. Earl. Rev. J. A. Hollars
and Rev. S. M. Freeland.
A meeting of the Methodist Ministers*
Association was held yesterday at Ep
worth League Hall when a paper was
read by Rev. E. M. Hill on "Faith and
Doubt," in which the unsettling effect
of doubt upon the practical life of
Christian men and women-'was treated.
Rev. William M. Brewster, just ar
rived from China, told of the converts
of his mission and of the feeling among
the natives to contribute to the Chris
tian work and make it self-supporting
and independent, so far as money is
concerned, of the missionary board.
Bishop Hamilton and numerous min
isters were present.
CLERGYMEN PRESENT.
He said further that the church was
awakening anew and they heard of
prayer everywhere. Prayer, 'said Dr.
Bevier, gave a lighter mind and those
that prayed became energetic and en-
Joyed the fullness of life.
Among: those who were present were:
Rev. Edward K. Strong, Rev. H. H.
Bell, D. D., Rev. W. H. Landon, D. D.,
Rev. Dr. McElhinney, -Rev. F. A.
Doane, Rev. C. C. Harriott, Rev. James
Wood worth, Rev. Moses Bercowltz and
Rev. J. T. Willis, D. D.
At a meeting of the clergymen of the
Congregational church at the Y. M. C.
A. building yesterday, Rev. William
Rader presided and there was a large
attendance.
Rev. Dr. W. C. Day delivered an ad
dress, his subject being "The Coming
Revival," which • he said was among
the greatest present needs.
CHURCH AWAKENING ANEW.
Clergymen of the various denomi
nations had 'a busy day yesterday,
Methodists, Presbyterians and CQngre
gationalists meeting at their various
headquarters and hearing profound pa
pers on theological subjects and plan
ning for future engagements in church
work.
The Presbyterian ministers met at
the Woman's Occidental Board, when
Rev. Dr. J. M. McElhlnney presided. .
The paper of the day was read by
Rev. Dr. Bevler and his subject was
"Prayer." Rev. Dr. Bevier said, among
other things, that at this period they
looked upon prayer as work, as labor
and a duty. He considered that there
Avas a service in prayer as well as a
privilege and said further that all he
roes of the past had been men ¦ of
prayer. Paul's life began and ended
with prayer. Indeed, said Dr. Bevier,
his life was filled with the idea of
prayer.
"A person who has addressed the
ministerial body has been visiting va
rfous denominations pretending, I
hear, to belong to each denomination
called 'upon, and has presented cre
dentials of which he evidently has an
assortment to suit each -one. I heard
that he visited a gentleman of the
Roman Catholic church and told him
that he had been converted to that
faith and received a contribution of
$5 from him. It Is one of those im
positions that should be exposed,"
though at tirst I v.as inclined to ad
vise suppression of the matter."
The Rev. James Wood worth quito
agreed' with Dr. Wills and reminded
the ministers that some time ago they
had been grossly imposed upon by a
man who presented his credentials,
which upon inquiry turned 'out to be
an impudent forgery. >
The Rev. Mr. Vanee has a small room
at a Turkish bath establishment on
Market. street. Mr. McCoy feels a sood
deal of sorrow for the man and said
yesterday that he did not think there
was any harm in Mr. Vanee.
The Rev. Mr. Guthrie is more out
spoken and condemns what seems to
him a most extraordinary procedure.
Speaking of the affair later, Dr. Wills
raid:
"I may at once say that I object to
having men speak here until they are
known. And by this I would have it
fully understood that I do not object
to men of other denominations, or even
men not connected with any denomina
tion, addressing this body. But they
must be men of good reputation and
known.
"I do not intend to mention nny
name, but I allude to one who has
victimized members of this union and
other denominations and I simply men
tion this as a warning as to our course
in the future."
GROSSLY I31POSED UPOX.
Speaking at the ministers* meeting
yesterday, which Mr. Vanee addressed
last Monday week, the Rev. Dr. J. T
Wills said:
Mr. Vanee had also, probably in the
desperation of circumstances, ap
pealed to the Rev. Mr. Guthrie for a
Jetter to Manager Chapman of the
United Railroads which might enable
him to get a position on the cars as
gripman or conductor. The letter was
Riven but not without the minister flrst
trying to dissuade his applicant from
turning to the occupation. Subsequent
revelations then prompted Mr. Guthrie
to write to Mr. Chapman and with
draw his recommendation.
WOULD BE A GRIPMAX.
By some means not explained Mr.
Vanee discovered that Mr. McCoy had
been informed about the advertisement
which was so objectionable to the
Young Men's Christian Association, and
straightway wrote the general man
ager of the association, not only regret
ting the publication, but explaining
that men do things when in pressed
circumstances which they would at no
other time think of doing, and, further,
Mr. Vanee made an appeal to Mr. Mc-
Coy for assistance toward his passage
back to far-off Australia.
It is a fact that the Rev. Mr. Edgar
Vanee, according to his own statement,
was looked upon as responsible for a
Fimllar matrimonial advertisement that
appeared In a Vancouver paper not so
long ago, and it Is a fact that the Rev.
Mr. Edgar Vanee threatened the pro
prietor of the Vancouver paper for an
article which connected the Antipodean
gentleman with the sams matrimonial
advertisement, but he let the matter
drop after his lawyers told him, he
says, of the great expense such an ac
tion would Involve.
And a number of such instances got
whispered about, until the members of
the presbytery began to fear that their
confidence had been misplaced.
General Manager McCoy of the Young
Men's Christian Association was told
of the matrimonial advertisement and
was deeply hurt about the matter.
It came to the ears of an elder that
Mr. Vanee had been a member of the
Roman. Catholic faith and had told a
gentleman that he was a convert, but
his position was such that he required
aid, and without further explanation
his need was magnanimously complied
with.
SUSPICIONS AROUSED.
At'STRAI. IAN clenfj'man. returning lecturing,
.2S. late speaker V. M. C. A., seeks wife with
means.
Such was the advertisement that ap
i peared in a local paper Monday, No
j vember 23, the day following a lecture
given in the Young Men's Christian
Association auditorium by a man who
styled himself, and so far as any one
knows with no malicious purpose, the
Rev. Edgar Vanee of Sydney, Austra
lia.
Two weeks later the Rev. Mr. Vanee
of Sydney, Australia, presented him
self at the mission house of the Wom
an's Occidental Board of Foreign Pres
byterian Missions, Sacramento street, '
and by consent delivered an address,
which was later debated by the august
ministerial body, which meets every
Monday to hear learned papers and dis
cuss ecclesiastical subjects.
Tho address was received with pro
found acknowledgement, and the Rev.
Mr. Edgar Vanee left the premises and
later expressed a desire to court the
acquaintance of several Presbyterian
ministers of note In the community. He
succeeded, and among them was the
Rev. Mr. Guthrie of the First Presbyte
rian Church, whose quick perception
prompted him that his ministerial
brother from the Antipodes was not too
well off with this world's comforts. The
kindly minister after an interview
pressed the Antipodean to remain and
accept a place at the family board.
The Rev. Mr. Vanee complied with the
warm invitation and later received
from the reverend gentleman pecuniary
assistance.
Dr. Stone of Mount Zion Hospital was
immediately called by telephone, but
Mrs. Fitzgerald had been dead for
many hours.
The unfortunate woman had been
sick and despondent for a long time.
Emil G. Kluge, a member of the re
tail clear firm of Kern & Kluge at 97
Third street, was found suffocated by
illuminating gas in the pantry of his
residence, 3780 Twenty-third street, yes
terday morning. His relatives are of
the opinion that his death was the re
sult of an accident. His 11-year-old
son Frederick, with whom he slept, in
formed the family that his father got
out of bed at 31 o'clock on Sunday
night, partly dressed himself and went
to the pantry to get some hot water,
his health having: been very poor late
ly. When the boy awoke in the morn
ing he saw that his father had not
returned and he informed decedent's
stepdaughter. Miss Emily Schneider,
who found Mr. Kluge lying dead on
the pantry floor near a small gas stove,
the kev of the burner being open and
the gas flowing from it. the. flame be
fng out. A small pan of water was on
the stove, which lends plausibility to
the theory of accident.
Mrs: Mary J. Fitzgerald, 72 years old,
committed suicide last Sunday night
at her residence, 2320 Sutter street, by
inhaling illuminating gas. Her daugh
ter, Mrs. H. L. Atkinson, with whom
she lived, smelled escaping .gas in the
house "at 6 o'clock yesrerday morning.
She notified her husband and they made
a search for the leak and found Mrs.
Fitzgerald's body lying in bed undress
ed. The keys on the two gas burners
in the room were open and gas was
flowing from the fixture. On the bed
they found a small satchel with a note
in it containing the following:
"Forgive me, May. It will soon be all
over."
Date I< Set for Prosecution
of }\v<. .Martha E. Bowers. Ac
cused of Poisoning Husband
Hereafter They Will Investi
gate Credentials of Strangers
Who Hail From Far-Off Lands
Emil Kluge, Cigar Man, , Goes
After Hot AVater and Falls
Victim of Poisonous Fumes
MILTON CASE POSTPONED
Methodists, Presbyterians and
Congregationalists Meet at
Headquarters to Push Work
MINISTERS LEARN LESSON
ASKS DAUGHTER'S PARDON
3IAKE PLANS FOR FUTURE
Mother of Sheridan H. Chii^
man Is Present at the
Trial of Frank J. Grundman
3Irs. 3Iary J. Fitzgerald, Aged
72 Years, Commits , Suicide
While in Despondent Mood
The Bev. Edgar Vance Adver
tises for Spouse and Trouble
Falls All Around Him
Associate members — Mrs. .T. <"•.' Ayer*. Ml**
Kat» M. Atkln«on. Mrs. C. K. Cotton. >«>*. IT.
A. Donohoe. Pavl Elder. Mm. Anson BlaVe,
Mrs. Gilbert Brown, Mr", wuuani Trolan Jr..
rvir Ji'Hhn. Mr*. .T«-hn P. Hooker. Mm. C • .T.
Hulm. Mrn. C. »wton. Mor~nn Shenard Mrs.
Lovell WMte and Mr*. Van Denbursh.
Han.l woven baskets. Mins Lucy M. ¦"'* de :
book blndinK. MJ« Octavla Holden. Miss Ellza
betn Hurt. Miss Lucinda Si Butler, Miss Lora
Oark. Miss Arna C. Crane. Miss Grace Gra
ham Mis* Anita Miner, Miss Emily Lamb.
Miss Edith Miner. Mrs. Winifred Perry. Miss
Clara Rice, Ml«s Maigaret Williams; etching.
Mrs Marion Holder. Pope; embroidery. Mls3
Elizabeth Burt. Mrs. ErlcksoD Mr. J. A.
Eustace, Mrs. C. Garcia, Mrs. Ell Levelling
arri Miss P. Walte; fans. Mm. Henry Meyer:
furniture. Mrs. Henry Meyer. V. P. Sollom and
Douglas Van Denburgh; furnishings, Miss Edna
De.akln; book illumining. Miss Alma. Hulme;
Jewelry Mrs. May Mott-Smlth Bird; Jewel cas
kets. Mrs. Jchn Chard, Signora C. F. Fran
ceschl; ceramic. Mile, de Lahaye. M'*s E.
Roberts. M!ss Laura le Tourneux, Mrs. M. E.
Ferley, Mrs. M. Wilson; lace. Mrs. G. B. Brcg-
Ki, J. A. Eustace, MIps Edith Moore, Mrs. C.
C. Wheeler; lamp shades. Miss Charlotte Wil
liams. Mrs. Tom Claussnn; leather work. Miss
Elia Atkinson, Miss Graca Graham, Miss I^aura
le Tourneux. Mits Edith Miner, Miss Clara
Rice. Mr?. Hallie H. Irwln. Mrs. Mary Dodge
P.eldy. MIfs E. Roberts. Miss Ada Sherling,
MfssL. \V. Tobey. Miss S. Walte; miniatures,
Mies Poulo Campbell, Mrs. Hallie II. Irwin;
metal work.. Douglas Van Denburgh and Lau
rence N Kcammon: potn-ry. Mile, de Lrahaye;
pvrefcraphy. MIfs Edna M. Boyd. Mlsa Jennie
Mayhew; sculpture. Miss Florence H. Butler;
tapestry. Mile, de Lahaye. Slgnora C. F. Fran
oeschi. Mrs. Mattle A. Terry; wocd carving.
Mi*? Mllward Holden. Mlsa Bell, ' Miss Kath
erine Bunnell, Miss S. Waite, Mrs. Plehn:
weaving, Mrs. A. Lindstrom; work boxes and
bnskets. Miss Martha Wagner: photography,
Miss Adelaide Hansccm. W. E. Dassonvllle;
model yachts. L. S. Adams Jr., W. B. Col
lier Jr.
The guild includes the following
members:
Miss Octavia Holden, president; Douglas Van
Dtrnburgh. vice president: Miss Clara Rice,
secretary: Mrs. Henry G. Meyer, treasurer;
Mis. C. D. Allen. L. S. Adams Jr.. Miss Ella
Atklnron. Mls« Flora Bell. Miss Florence But
ler, Miss 1,-irinrta Butler. Miss Elizabeth Burt,
Mrs. M. Mott-Smtth Bird. Miss Edna M. Bovd.
Mits Emma Boyde, Mrs. G. B. Broggl, Miss
Kathcrlne Bunm II, Miss Lora Clark. Miss
Edith Chesebrough, Mrs. Tom ClauMen. Miss
Sarah Cohen. William B. Colllor Jr., Miss Anna
Crane. Mile. Estelle de Lahaye. Miss Edna
neakln. W. E. Dassonville, Miss Edgellls. Mrs.
K. H. Erlckson. J. A. Eustace. Slcnora Crls
tina Franceschl. Miss Adelaide Hanscombe,
M!*s Mllward Holden. M'sa Octavia Holden,
Miss Alma H. Hulm». Mies Grace Graham.
Mrs. Garcia. Mrs. Will Irwln. Miss Emily
Lamb. Mrs. Le Tourneux. Miss Mary Jenny,
Mrs. Johnson. Miss Edith Moore. Miss Anita
Miner. Ml*s Edith Miner. Mrs. Henry Mever,
Mr*. Winifred Perrv. Mrs. M. E. Parley. Miss
Clara Rice. Mr*. Marion Holden Pope. Mrs.
Charles Reldv. Miss Roberts. Laurence N.
Seammon, Mrs. Scudrt?r, Vlr«-ent P. Sollnm.
Ml*s Ada Rherlinr Mli* B. W. Stevens. Miss
Rosa S. Tausslnr, Miss Tobev, Mrs. Mattle A.
Terry. Miss Vrrvunan. Dougla* Van Denburirh.
Miss Lucy M. Wade. Miss S. Wal»». Miss M»r
pnret C. Williams Mrs. C. C. Wheeler, Ml»s
Martha Warier. Mrs. "Wilson. .¦ Mrs. A. Llnd
r'r^m. Miss Susie Rupsell and Miss Charlotte
Williams.
The exhibition of the Guild of Arts
and Crafts dosed last evening most
auspiciously, with many merited hon
ors for the gifted artists whose work
was shown in the Palace Maple room.
The popularity of the exhibition ren
dered it necessary to continue one more
day and the large amount of effort put
forth in organizing the guild has been
well worth while. The artists and their
crafts are as follows:
The Contemporary Club held its last
meeting of the year yesterday after
noon at Utopia Hall. It was guest day,
the members being privileged to bring
their friends, and the attendance was
unusually large. Mrs. Bertha Brosius,
president of the club, presided during
the programme. Mrs. A. R. Millitz
spoke informally, choosing for her sub
ject, "Utopia Hall," and citing the in
spiration of the Utopian Idea in a
charming and interesting manner. Miss
L. M. Robinson, who was the vocalist
of the. day, sang Chadwlck's "The La
ment" and "Dance of the Dragonflles."
by D'Hardelot, and was twice encored.
Mrs. Malcolm Johnson's recitations
were warmly received. One, by an
anonymous writer, was entitled "At
Odds With Life," and "The Ruggles
Dinner Party," by Kate Douglas Wig
pins, was the second number.
The programme was followed by an
informal reception, during which re
freshments were served. The next
meeting of this club will be held on the
second Monday in January.
> • a •
An interesting ceremony will be per
formed to-day at the church of St.
Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, when James M. Han
ley and Miss Stella M. Hail will be
joined in the holy bonds of wedlock.
The officiating clergyman will be Rev.
James P. Moran, a classmate of the
groom. The bride is associated with
the State Board of Examiners at Sac
ramento and Is a charming and highly
accomplished young woman. She is
the daughter of F. G. Hail, proprietor
of the Plumas National Bulletin of
Quincy, Plumas County, wnere she
formerly resided. The groom is an
Assistant District Attorney, an ex
member of the Assembly and is prom
inently Identified with the Native Sons
of the Golden West, being past presi
dent of Precita Parlor. The happy
couple will spend their honeymoon in
the south.
There was a very quiet wedding on
Saturday, when Miss Gertrude Liv
ingston became the bride of Captain
Holland X. Stevenson of the navy. The
marriage took place at the home ot the
bride's sister. Miss Alice Livingston,
at 1327 Leavenworth street, in this city.
Rev. Dr. Mills of Sacramento * per
formed the ceremony. There were no
attendants. Captain ana Mr.?. SteVen
son left for the south for their honey
moon and are expected back in a fort
night, when they will probably reside
in this city, as the groom Is at present
assigned to duties at the Union Iron
Works.
• • •
The H. E. Huntington residence on
Jackson street was the scene cf much
gayety last evening. Miss Huntington
and Miss Marion Huntington gave an
informal dance. Mrs. H. E. Hunting
ton not yet having returned from the
East the party was chaperoned by Mrs.
Davenport of Chicago.
The guesfs, -forty in number, began
to arrive at 9 o'clock and were gra
ciously received by the young hostesses.
Members of the young set mad« up the
list of f those present. The beautiful
drawing-rooms were decorate-J no more
than usual with clusters of huckleberry
and vases « t cut flowers. The spacious
ballroom was thrown open for the af
fair and a string orchestra provided ex
cellent music for the dancers. There
was no cotillon, as the dancing was en
tirely informal. Supper was served at
midnight and the guests departed at
a late hour, having been charmingly
entertained.
WEALTHY WIFE
ALL HE NEEDS
HEARS HOW HER
SON WAS SLAIN
3Iinisters of Various Denomi
nations Hear Profound Ta
pers on Theological Subjects
PASTORS HOLD
BUSY SESSIONS
GAS DESTROYS
LIVES OF TWO
HUNTINGTON
HOME SCENE
OF A DANCE
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL. TUESDAY. DECEMBER 15, 1903.
7
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE— —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FRANKLIN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
.Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1001'. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Cede, condensed aa per blank furnished by tn»
Commissioner: j ,
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash ._»400.000 00
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company. . . $233,200 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 101.898 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks ¦
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2,471,423 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral ... 105,000 00
Cash in Company's Office 2,738 \9
Cash In Banks 70.163-77
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 579 20
Interest due and accrued on Bonds ',"
and Mortgages 1.523 47
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 100.843 37
Total assets .J1.0O2.37S 97
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $17.333 31
Losses In process of Adjustment or .
In Suspense 37.63*5 92
Louses resisted.* including expenses. 6,923 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $467,731 09: ,
reinsurance CO per cent 233,365 M
Grocs premiums on Fire Risks run-
¦ ning more than one year. $710,-
07t> S'i; reinsurance pro rata 363.412 13
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance Pol-
icies • 9S2.693 12
Commissions and Brokerage due
and. to become due 24.334 22
Total Liab'llltlee $1,671,315 24
¦ • . INrOMK.
Net ca*h actually received for Fire
premiums $C43,0lS 52
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages i 6,883 20
Received for" Interest and dividends
- on Bonds. - Btock?. I Loans and
from all other sources 109.223 84
Itecelved for Rente 7.053 10
• Total Income $767,094 tffl
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including J47.COU 3S. losses of
previous years $351,751 83
Dividends to Stockholders 80.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brok-rage 141,780 23
Paid lor Salaries, Fees and other
charge* for officers, clerks, etc.. 35.694 35
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 20.902 31
All other payments and expendi-
tures • • • • 02.344 37
Total Expenditures $722,572 21
~ Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $363.061 79
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. | ( Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
y/ar $65.S77.C97 $826,889 07
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 09.318,472 713,332 7S
Net amount In force
December 31. 1002. nO.19C.97O 1.122.s:5 00
J. W. MCALLISTER. Prest.
E. T. CRESSON. Sect.
Subscribed and affirmed to before me this
ICth day of January. 1003.
SAMUEL H. KIRKPATRICK.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
218 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANJT. Manager.
A. H. Tiw.TH EN, Asst. Manager.
G. H. L'MBSEN A CO.. City Agents. 2u
' Hontrornerv_wtreet^^^ mmmmm >mm^^
I ~ OCEAN TBAVEL.
lOYO KISEN KAISHAT
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner Ftrrt and
Brannan streets, at 1 d. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki ami Sbanchal. "• and connecting- at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. N»
cargo -received on board on day o." sailing.
'S S NIPPON MARU < calling at Manila)
..-.....*.. .WednVsday. December 30. 1003
S 8. AMERICA MARU.
• Monday, January 25, 1304
S 8. HONGKONG MARU ,
'•. Wednesday. February 17. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
ranv'i office, 421 Market streets, corner First.
. W. H. .AVERT. General Agent.
Mara IiUna nn& y* 1 -**? 0 : 8ttaa^ ri L
Steamer Oen. FRISBIE or MONT1CELLO—
.9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:90 p. m., except Sunday,
gunday. 9:4S a. m.. M:30 p.m.v Leave Vailejo.
7 a. m., 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p.m. Fare; 60 cents.- TeL
Main 1SCS. Pier 2. - Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
1 bros. BHHSflBHBBBHH
. OCEAN TBAVEL. •"
Si\<L r>v Eteaxaers leavs Saa Fraa*
/fvtJ^-^Q^ Cisco as follows:
nffl . For ' Ketchlkan. 'Wraa««t.
Pllx'S&tlSSL V*\ June«u. Halnes. Sk&^uay.
I I NtKtStV I I etc Alaska— 11 a. in, Dec
1 I XVgSgA/ I 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 2.
\*\ \V 7,0/ Change to company's stcazn-
\5 r Xi!_^y era at Seattle.
>^t5^l5^ F * or Victoria. Vancouver.
"""^ Port Towmend. Seattle. Ta-
coir.a Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Dec. 2. 7.
12. 17. 72. 27. Jan. 2. Chans* at S«attt» to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ky. : at Seattle or Ttcoma to N. P. By. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. "Railway.
For Eureka (Humbo!dt Bay) — Pomona. -1:S»
p m. -Dec. 6. 12. IS 24. 30. Jan. B; Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Dec. 3. 9. 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anrelea and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. in.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via. San Pedro and East
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. Ean Simeon. Cayueos. Port Hart ord (Saa
Luis Ob!*po) Vastum and Huenem*. - -
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Dec. 3. 11. 19. 27. Jan. 4.
Bonita 9 a. in.. Dec. 7. IS. 23. 31. Jaa. &
For Erssenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose, del -
Cabo . Mazatlan Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th ot eac.i
' month. 1
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to Changs steamers or sall«
Jnir dates. •_
TICKET O7PXCXS — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway, wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNAffN. General Passenger Ageat.
- • 10 Market street. Ban Francisco.
o. /?. & /v. co.
"Columbia" sails Dec. 19, 29. Jan. 8. 18.
28 Feb. 7 and 17. "George W. Elder" sails
Dec. 14, 24th. Jan. 3. 18. 23. Feb. 2 and 12.
Only steamship Una to PORTLAND, OR., and
short rail line from Portland to all points
East. . Through tickets to all - points, all rail
or steamship and rail, at LOWEST RATES.
Steamer tickets Include berth and meals.
Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11 a. m. S.
F. BOOTH. Gen. Airt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Mont-
gomery st.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Freight
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
' AMSsxcAzr zjote.
Hew York — Southampton — XMaion.
St.Paul.Dec.26,9:3O amJSt.Louls.Jan 9. 9:30 aa
Phlla...Jan 2. 8:30 am'x.Tork.Jan.19. 0:30 am
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Aft»r January 1. 1904." American Llna steam-
ers from New York for Southampton will call at
Plymouth and Cherbourg to land malls and pas-
sengers for London and Paris.
ATLAimC TBAJTS70XT UXJS.
New York — London Direct.
Minn'pls.Dec.2tf, l»am|Mesaba. ..Jan 9. 9 am,
Minnehaha. Jart.2. S am|Mlnnetnka.Jan.l6.5 «ja
- - Only"- First-class Passengers Carried.
. DoaxiniO2T xnrs.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada' ........Jan. 2[Canada Feb. 9
Dominion Jan. "'¦'>, Dominion Feb. 27
. us stab uas.
New York— Antwerp— Part*.
Zeel'd.D?c.26. 10:30 ara|Zeel'd.Jan.9. 10:30 ant
Finland. Jan.2.10:.*>0 an K1nlnrl.Jan.lH, 10:30 as»
WHITE STAS U9Z.
New York — Qnesnstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Teutonic. Dec. 23. noon 1 Celtic... .Jan. 13, 2 pm
Cedrtc.Dec. 30. 1 pm| Teutonic. Jan.20. 10 am
Majestic. Jan. 6. 10 amiCedrlc Jan. 27. noon
Boston — Qneeartowa — Urvxpooi.
Cymric t>ec. 24. Jan. 23. Feb. 25
Cretlcr Feb. 11. Mar. 10. Apl. T
BOSTON MEDITXUItANEAir SZXTZCS. '
Asores, Gibraltar, Vaples. Genoa.
REPUBLIC (new) ..Jan. 2. Feb. 13. Mar. 2fl
ROMANIC ....Jan. 18. Feb. 27. Apl. 9
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 13
C. V. TAYLOR. Pa»sen«er Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post st.. San Francisco.
Itt^AtolERV MAJKHtLLM." OMOaISw I
mt maples * AIJD^^_ t^_^^vM ;
I REPUBLIC (new). .Jan. 2. Feb. 13. Mar. 2« !
ROMANIC Jan. 16. Feb. 27. Apl. 9 :
CANOFTC Jan. .30. Mar. 12 ;
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
' These steamers are the largest In Med-
. itPiranean service.
j First cla«s. $75 and ISO upward, accord-
1 ling to date of sailing.
Boston to Liverpool o«.i;iUr.
.CTMRIC... Dec. 24. Jan. 28. Feb. 25 \
CRETIC... Feb. .11. Mar. 10. Apl. 7 J
•First class. $65 upward. For plans, etc.,
! address. .
WHITE STAR LINEL 77-81 Stats St..
• Boston, or to C. I>. TAYLOR. 21 Post st.
oceaDies.s.eo.Ef£M
S. K. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec. 19. 11 a.m.
S 8. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Dec 31. 2 p. m. ,
B: S. MAR1POSA. for Tahiti. Jan. «. 1304. ]
iLinKoilSft R3J.CS.. IjtL.TkMBfti.iUSi.'tea
- ftttft«2xSaB«ttlLtoIi.7./is&5i
COMPAOKIS SXMS2AL3 TAiltt&T^ 1X71)72.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVKE-CAWS. .^^
Sailing every Tnursiuy instr«.l or -«RfJ3?4)
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. 1.0m Pier 42. »««M5£j.
North River. fo«i ot Morton street.
First class to Havre. $7O and upward. See-
ond class to Havre. 545 and upward. GKN-
EKAL AOEXCY VOR. UNITED STATES A.VO
CAVAOA 33 Brotdnriy-dluJion Buildin«j.
New York. J. F. FUOAZ1 * CO.. Pacific CoaM
Ag#nU & Montgomery avenue, San Franctsoa*
Tickets told by all Kallroad Ticket Ageata.
of the Young Woman's Temper-
ance Association of Buffalo, N.Y.,
strongly advises all suffering
women to rely, as she (fid, up-
on Lydia E Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound.
"Deab JIrs. Pikkdam : — Your med-
icine is indeed an ideal Troxncn's medi-
cine, and by far the best I know to
r..store lost health and strength. I
fccHered misery for several years, being
troubled Trith raenorrbagia. My back
ached, I had bearing-down pains and
frequent headaches. I ¦would often
Tvcke from restful sleep, and in such
pain thct I suffered for hours before I
cauldfro to deep arain. I dreaded the
long niprbtsasmucn as the weary days.
I consulted tiro di Cerent physicians,
hoping to gret relief but, finding that
f heir medicine did not seem to cure me.
I tried your Vegetable Compound
on the recommendation of a friend
from the East who rras visiting me.
*' I an glad that I followed^ her ad-
rice, for' every ache and pain is "gone,
rnd not only this, but my general
i'-alth is much improved. I have a
fcne appetite and have gained in flesh.
My earnest advice to suffering women
is to put aside all other medicines and
to take LjrdJa E. Pinlcham's Vege-
table Compound." — Miss Neixie
Homies. mo No. Division St., Buffalo,
K.Y. — fSOGO forfeit If erktrcicf obsoe Utter pro-
xr.g gcKulncr.tzt cannot beproiucti.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COTTOLENE.
« Never was our assortment larger, the designs and decora- *
m tions prettier, richer or in better taste, or the prices so «
J low, as is the case this season. There is nothing more Jt
If appropriate or that will give more pleasure as an Xmas »
« gift than fine Decorated China. The season's newest and «
m prettiest decorations at such prices as these: jl
» Cups and Saucers ioc to $2.75 4t
JF Fancy Plates 25c to 5.00 J
|l Cake Dishes 35c to 6.75 %
I" Salad or Berry Bowls .....35c to 4.75 ft
tt Bonbon or Olive Dishes 25c to 2.00 Jc
Teapots, Sugars and Creams ...25c to 5.50 M
m Cracker Jars 50c to 2.75 «
« Chocolate Pots ' 75c to 4.00 tt
» Fish and Game Sets $4.50 to $45.00 »
j& Berry and Ice Cream Sets ......... 1.50 to 18.00 w
% Chocolate and Puddin Sets 4.75 to 15.00 %
» Just nine days and Christmas is here. Don't get into the »
B Xmas week rush. COME NOW and get better attention »
9 and first choice of the prettiest things. •
1 OPEN EVENINGS. 1
8 THAT BIG CPINA STORE— A Quarter of a Block Below Shrcvc's* 1
I S. STERNHEIM & SON, i
f 528 and 530 Market St., 27 and 29 Sutter St, \
g BELOW M0ITTO0MEBT. W
i Miss Nellie Holmes, treasureri
¦tiflw -__»—^^.b.^ BB»S»SS»SB»B«B»»S»BWSB»BB»BHSB»B«e»JBB»aAftL| » £ "•V*>5^s59*/^ [MM
fvtl j^flsl"^*^^^^^^^^^^**^^ & Ka
fvj J "^^ i™p**^^^Tjss^yJjs& a O*^*^ O o o pi
EjJ 'pup 'I* W 1^ ATT C bB
H One is Filled with Cottolene and one with Lard. . fe]
M Now Cook is going to Fry some Croquettes. p|
H From which pail will she fill her Frying Kettle ? ftj
-M Oh, she takes a Cupful from the Cottolene Pail. ' |||
|i Why does she not choose the Lard ? j|j
H Because that would make them Greasy and Indigestible, m
m while the Cottolene makes them Crisp and Delicious. M
H Will she use the Lard for making Pie Crust ? pj
fg . No. She will use Cottolene for that, also: , . pj
II .Will she put Lard in her Quick Biscuit? " . > m
P Oh, no. Cottolene is much superior for all shortening. pj
p] What, then, is Lard good for ? ' Ml
h3 That's a puzzle which has never been solved. mi
H Moral: "An Ounce of , Cottolene is '. Worth, a Pound of Lard.". H
PI . Cottolent will be found tt food crocora. Sold only In tetled palls. 20^paj;a Cotto. fel
HI lene Primer, Illustrated In colors, from which above is one page, oent free on request. ¦ ra
H ; Mafie only by THE N. K. FAIEBANK COMPANY, Dept; a6o CHICAGO. * '¦ ||of the curve depends wholly on the
distance between yourself and the man
for whom you are leading. Some
timcF, when your opponent is at very
close quarters, the arm is bent as
much as in delivering an ordinary
"jolt." and the arc of the circle that
is traveled is, of course, more re
stricted. In that case the power be
hind the blow cjomes mainly from the
body, and, in " delivering the uppercut
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tfc«
P?J« Clipping Bureau (Allen's) ZZ> Call,
fornla «treet. Telephone Main 104X • .
The Empress Dowager of China has decided that for
a' tiniest 'least she will treat all seditious editors gently.
It is evidently esteemed a privilege of high i moment to
¦(•nioya comparatively painful death in. the Flowery
Kingdom.. The /Dowager's concession, however, is not
iikeivto broadenthe fieid of sedition.
WSBBBBBBBE&iWBBBBaBBtti
Townsend's California glace fruits »nd
candles. Me a pound, in artistic ttre
etcned boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bid*. •
Outfits for oil painting, water color,
drawing and taking photographs" are de-. .
Jl?ab!e for Christmas. Sanborn. Vail^ fr<
Co. , , „ . •
'Alaska's Giant Glacier.
Muir Glacier, which is nearly as
large as the State of Rhode Island,
has receded nearly three miles since
1899. Formerly the glacier was visited
by great crowds of tourists, -who
found it one of the most wonderful
sights in wonderful Alaska; but in the
fall of 1899 a great earthquake shook
the' huge mass so violently that Im
mense fragments : were tumbled from
Its ice front, preventing tourists from
approaching nearer than five or ten
miles. During the past summer a mem
ber' of the National Geographic So
ciety,- C. L. Andrews of Skagway.
and a photographer, .desiring to learn
the- changes that had been . taking
place, proceeded In an open boat from
Skagway to Muir Inlet, a distance of
150 mile3, and landed on the moraine
of .the glacier. They then exploded the
ice mass thoroughly, taking many
pictures. Mr. Andrews publishes an
Illustrated account of what he found
REPRESENTATIVE— L.. Redding.
Cal The Representative from the First
Congressional District at thisalrae is
J N. Gillette, of Eureka. Humboldt
County. His predecessor from the
First District was Frank L. Coombs
of Napa, Napa County. During the in
cumbency of Coombs. Mendocino Napa
and Sonoma counties wer? In the First
District; now, they are lh, the Second
District Alpine. Calaveras. Mariposa.
Nevada! El Dorado, Amador and Tuo
lumne counties, formerly in the Second
District, are now in the First.
UNDER cover of the lowering war clouds which
have been hanging over Manchuria and in 'the
babel of diplomatic .wrangles ," over ( the ."open
door," the duplicity of diplomacy in the Far
Eastern question and the Japanese resolve as to'the fu
ture of Korea, a British adventurer has accbmpjisjjcd
an act which adds a new thread to the diplomatic tangle
Colonel Younghusband of the. British army has led-an
armed force across the -Himalayas into Thibet upon an
"exploring expedition." The ultimate' results of his "ex
plorations" have yet to be. learned. „¦ C
The purpose of Colonel Younghusband's advance into
the Forbidden Country is manifest. What Lord Xlive
did in India is nbw^to be repeated by this adventurous
army officer. A "sphere of influence" in the barbaric
court of the Grand Lama may, be easily enforced by
armed exploring parties. According to the well-ordered
English procedure this can be followed by a protectorate/
and then by absolute dominion. Evidently Great Britain
would have the Himalayas and more as a barrier against
the predatory raids of Adam Zad. The-mouhtain passes
would look no longer directly into the face of the Rus-.
,sian bear once v the foreboding 'Wastes of Thibet were
brought under the suzerainty of Great , Britain. - With
Thibet as the frontier, India, the jealously guarded," would
tit as safe as Newfoundland or Tasmania/. , • /
¦ Thibet cannot be considered a strategic position in the
imbroglio ' now 'waging""- bver^ China and Manchuria:;
¦Though nominally a part of the Chinese empire
BRITAIN ' AND THIBET.
COUPONS — Me. City. If a tobac
conist abstracts from packages of to
bacco 'coupons which ought to go to
the purchaser, so that he may profit
by the use of them for himself, he I*
engaged In very small business, but
this department does not know of any
law that will reach him. The pack
ages are his until he sells them and
he is at- liberty to da with them as h?
pleases; but to deprive customers of
the coupons they expect when mak
ing: a purchase K a dishonest practice
which can be punished only by ceas
ing to'ijatronize the dealer..
In answer to persistent reports that, he is dangerously
ill, the Duke of Manchester replies that he is simply
taking the rest cure. So would wfi ii he could so arrange
his various affairs as , to make them less a matter of
public gossip than they are.' . < . ¦•¦¦. '¦
Transmigration.
Glory lay on the hill-top.
Glory slept in the glade;
Oh! that morning and evening!—
The first God ever made.
I watched your deep eyes darken.
You watched my bosom heave.
For you were the first man, Adam,
I, the first woman. EVe.
The blue of the sky seemed tangled
In sudden, silvery mist.
And the new-made earth was shaken
By the first kiss ever kissed.
To-day, with the eyes of a stranger.
You met my gaze once more;
But you are no longer Adam.
While. I am Eve, to the core.
Strange, that I should remember.
More strange you should not know
That we were -the two In the Garden,
Six thousand years ago!
-^-Collier's Weekly.
DEATH PENALTY— A. O. a. City.
Greece enforces the death penalty for
capital crimes. The executioner is a
condemned murderer who is given th*
choice of executing others or being
himself executed. If he accepts he be
comes the executioner during life or
until by age is unable to perform the
duties of his office. The one so chosen
Is required to live alone in an old tower
built by Venetians on an islet outside
of the port of Nauplia, where neces^
saries are taken to him every morning
by a boatman.
PRE-EMPTION FILING— An Old
Subscriber. Marysville, Cal. A pre
emption filing is no bar to a homestead
entry under the United States law. The
first actual settler who makes entry
three months after actual settlement is
entitled to land, while the first man to
make entry may have been the last to
make settlement, and hence have ths
least claim to the land.
The oil fields of Russia at Baku, on
the Caspian Sea. however, bear the
palm both for abundance and con
stancy of production. From the earl^
lest times gas has been known to come
out of the rocks -there, so that It early
became a sacred place for the Parsees,
or fire worshipers.? For .' thousands of
years the sacred fires were kept burn
ing, beneath the dome, of a great.tem
ple built bythe priests, and religious
devotees came from . as far away as
India. . Indeed, it "is. only a- few. years
since their visits ceased.
The commercial discovery of petro
leum dates from the memory of men
now little past middle life. Between
1850 and 18C0 much alarm began to be
felt throughout the civilized world be
cause the whale fisheries were becom
ing unproductive. The disappearance
of whales meant the disappearance .of
whale oil, •which was the main depsnd
ence for light.
For some time, however, rock oil, or
petroleum, had been known to exude in
small quantities in Western Pennsyl
vania, and was put up in small bottles
and sold for 25 cents as an ointment
good for rheumatism and other Ills.
Sometimes thl* was called Mexican oil,
but more generally Seneca oil, from
the name of the Indian tribe settled on
the Allegheny River, where it was
chiefly found. But there had been no
thought of getting it in sufficient quan
tities for fuel and light. Still in some
places It formed such a "scum" on the
small streams that It was reported the
small boys vho went in swimming
were made so slippery that they could
not keep their clothes on.
The most plausible theory to account
for the great supplies of. oil which are
now found In the "oil sands", of West
ern Pennsylvania and vicinity Is that
it is a' slow accumulation from -the dis
tillation of the shales, which has
been unable to escape through the com
pact rocks covering the surface and
has. found refuge in the interstices and
crevices of the loose sandstone overly
ing the_ shale. ..'...,
More recently important discoveries
of oil have been - made in Colorado,
Wyoming, California and Texas. That
In California.' is specially Important, as
the State had no coal mines. Almost
Immediately on the discovery of this
oil in California it came into use in
the locomotives of the^. great railroad
lines. Th*» Texas fields were so far
from economical means of transporta
tion that much has been lost, while the
supply Is ndt as great as was at first
hoped. .. .
•Man and the Glacial Period," etc.]
(Copyright. 1003, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
BY O. FREDERICK WRIGHT. A. M., LL. D.
JAuthor of 'Th" Ice Age In North America,"
Oil, the Great Pan'cr.
"Ansivers to Queries.
BAMBOO— Subscriber, City. The av
erage height of the bamboo Is from
twenty to thirty feet. Some species
attain a height of from seventy to one
hundred feet.
~—
Democratic Prelate.
Dr. Winnington-Ingram, the Bishop
of London, is an unconventional as
President Roosevelt. He is the bosom
friend of the East End costermongers.
They ride with him in his carriage,
and he rides with them in theirs. The
accident that one is a landau drawn
by a horse and the other a barrow
drawn by a donkey makes no differ
ence. His camaraderie is natural, not
affected. He is an Oxford man, but
he knows how to mix the Oxford ac
cent with the Cockney dialect. His
rough, practical common sense recalls
that of the late Dr. Temple, but he is
free from that great Archbishop's fa
mous brusquerle. He is no orator.
His energy takes the English form of
administrative passion.
He is a lean, laborious man, restless,
quick, keen, nervous, every feature
alive with intense purpose, his muscles
like coiled springs^ready to release.
The candid flash of his eye recalls the
glance of John Morley. Add to it the
sharp -vigilance of Anthony Hope and
you have a rough sketch of his ex
pression. — Booklovers' Magazine.
A Good Suggestion.
E. A. Denicke. the enterprising mem
ber of the California Promotion Com
mittee, in a communication to The Call
offers the following unique suggestion
for a San Francisco feature at the
World's Fair. He writes:
"Permit me to suggest a circular pan
orama in a separate building, the spec
tator to stand on Goat Island. Twin
Peaks. Rincon Hill. Alta square or oth
er point as may be thought best. We
have a number of artists in this city
who. if employed at once, could get the
painting done in time."
THE great misfortune to man in the operation of any
form of . religion is secretiveness. All adherents' to
a religious idea which attracts numbers assume
some sort of moral obligation, take oi|- some vows, sub
scribe to some creed. When this is done publicly and
the nature of the obligation is known of all men the state
is not disturbed. But when the obligation is secret,
when it is assumed behind a veil and in a place that none
unobligated are permitted to enter, it becomes the means
of enchaining the mind and enslaving the reason.
Secret religious ceremonies are promotive of supersti
tion and imply a control, of men that projects beyond the
essential purposes of religion to dictate civil action and
civic duty. The state claims its citizens for its purposes
alone. It refuses to recognize or reject any form of the
religious idea," be it' Christian or pagan. Under these
circumstances if a civil state exist in which one form of
religion is in the majority, and that form entrenches
ecclesiastical power behind secret ceremonies, and by
secret obligations that" make those who take them sub
ject themselves to ecclesiastical dictation of their civil
actions as members • of. the political state, a union of
church and (State is created and the state is 'virtually de
throned and displaced by a theocracy. Human liberty
is not safe in the'keeping' of a political theocracy.
Apostle Woodruff of the Mormon church in discussing
the Smoot case in. the: tabernacle- at .'Salt Lake last Sun
day said: "American citizenship came from God, and
let man beware of how he attempts to undo what God
has done. It is remarkable that any person be so nar
row, so bigoted, that because another person does not
believe the same as he does he would deny him the right
of his American citizenship." There are none so bigoted
as that. There are none who propose to take away citi
zenship or make its rights depend upon religious belief.
Nor is American citizenship of celestial origin or sanc
tion, for it that were so the nations that live under other
forms of government are victims of the Divine neglect.
Citizenship is neither a privilege nor a pleasure. It is a
responsibility, and he who holds American citizenship is
responsible for its use for the purposes of the state alone
and not for the purposes of any church.
The oaths and obligations of the Mormon church are
secret. They are not known. The ghostly compact of
the Twelve Apostles is not public. It is secret. But
reasoning backward from what happens publicly it is be
lieved by many that in that system of obligations some
where there is evaporated by oath the principle of Ameri
can citizenship and its condensation into the hands of the
hierarchy. When the members of a church are known to
hold publicly certain political convictions and to vote
against them as members of the state it is evidence that
they have surrendered to the church their right of prU
vate judgment. That is the situation that is believed to
exist in Utah. If it exist it is" the end of civil govern
ment. It is the subversion of the state by the church.
Apostle Woodruff says American citizenship comes
from God. While that declaration may be open to more
than one interpretation its meaning intended by him is
"obvious.^ .According to; the institutes and practice- of the
Mormon, church it is the representative to its people of
God on earth. Citizenship, not inhering in birth or nat
uralization, not being a civil condition, originating in the
laws of the state and for the purposes of the state, be
comes, according to the apostle, a concern solely of the
church." "This "is the necessary conclusion of his premise.
The state imposes, obligations and penalties upon the re
sponsibility of citizenship. It forbids treason, but that
which the state defines as treason tor it may be held to'
be loyalty to the church, the representative and agent of
"God, of whom the apostles are the vicegerents.
The theory of citizenship held by the apostle and prac
ticed by the church is- of interest because of the quite
uncertain state of the fundamental law. The constitu
tion forbids that Congress pass any law respecting the
establishment of- any religion and provides that no relig
ious 'test shall berequired as a qualification for any office
or trust under the United States. When a church subor
dinates citizenship and dictates its exercise it has estab
lishedVa religious test for office and, using the state as
an agent, is, doing^what the state cannot do as principal.
.Woodruff's appearance in the discussion supplies ma
terial'for those who watch with care* over the political
equality of the believers in all forms of religion.
AN APOSTOLIC MISTAKE.
STRAIGHT COUNTER.
Embarrassed.
"Chudge, can you git me some mo
mends?" said a big., good-natured
looking German the other day to
Judge Graham as he was about to en
ter his chambers.
"Certainly," said Graham. . ushering
the Teuton into the room. "What can
I 'do for you?"
The German stood on one foot and
then on the other, twisted his hat all
out of shape, started to say something
and then commenced twisting and
turning again.
"I'm in a hurry, my man," said the
Judge; "you will have to be quick."
Still the German did not speak. He
seemed to get more excited, and then
after a moment into his inside coat
pocket went a huge fist. In a twink
ling it again came into view., contain
ing a legal looking document.
"Some advices, Chudge," he blurted
out; "please gif it to me."
The Judge opened the document and
saw that it was a license for John
Schmidt to marry Wilhelmina Strauss.
"Well, well," said the exasperated
jurist, "what do you wapt?" j-
"Oh,. .'Chudge, please do help me
ouid!" cried the German. "Tell me
somedings vot I must do. I was lof
Wilhelmina like anydlngs. I lof Kat
rina Schultz more better. Yesterday
night Katrina. say 'yes' and to-day I
come by'der nail to get me some li
censes to get married alretty. I get der
paper and den I go me by Katrina's
house so'she look at it. She see dot
paper a_nd den she scream drei ' times
and- run ouid. I look myselluf in der
paper and I see dot I am a chackass.
I find me dot I got der license to mar
ry Wilhelmina. Please, Chudge, give
me some advices."
A negro, convicted of a heinous offense, has been sen
tenced to serve an imprisonment of one thousand years
in-Tcxas. To an ordinary observer it seems that if not
the length of the sentence surely its locality brings it
within the prohibitive category of unnatural punishments.
It is terrifying to contemplate the residence of anybody,
dead or alive, for one thousand years in Texas.
Alcoholism Hidden.
Switzerland is a country in which
very little drunkenness is to be ob
served, for the good and sufficient
reason that the police arrest on the
spot every person who shows the least
sign of Intoxication. There is, never
theless, a large amount ol secret drink
ing, and especially in French Switzer
land absinthe has of late increased in
U3e till Its ravages are very noticeable.
The government recognizes the drink
problem a3 a most serious one, and is
doing all it can to find means for its
control. One of its recent investiga
tions concerns the death rate from
alcoholism. Statistics of this nature
are usually Inaccurate, for the reason '•
that it is often impossible to find out
just to^what extent a deceased person
has been given to the use of liquors.
The facts thus collected show that
among males over 20 years of age the
deaths from delirium tremens average
half of 1 per cent. This la. ten tlmea
the rate officially recorded in France
by. the old and imperfect statistical
methods. For males over 70 years of
age alcohol is given as the principal
or concomitant cause of death in 10
per cent of the cases. The general
death rate directly referable to acute
or chronic alcoholism, without in
cluding hepatic cirrhosis or other sub
sidiary conditions, is 3 per cent. This
showing must admittedly be regarded
as an alarming one, and as sufficient
Justification for the most strenuaus ef
forts In the cause of temperance.—
Chicago Record-Herald.
Tricks in ihe Game.
BT ALB2P.T PATSOX TEKIIfNE.
tAtfc>tlr E»*rt New Torts Ev<»nSns World,
Author of •llu^e Ruildiax." «¦*<*-> '
<Copyri?r-.t. :nn :. by Joseph 15. Boirlfi.
The blov/3 ana parries I am going to
tr-ach you now cannot be cla?sined
under any particular heading, yet they
are none the l«>ss very important to
pood boxing. - -\v
Each and ever;' one of them has
proved Us rifiht to a place in. the fore
most ranks of glove tactic?. Yet none
of. them are to-day taught in most
boxing schools.
The first of the list :s the 'straight
counter." Ftand on guard and I will
explain it to you.
Let your pparring partner lead a
straight 2<?ft for your fare. Guard his
blow with your right, knocking his left
in the National Geographic Magazine
for December. Muir Glacier is not a
narrow river of Ice of the ordinary
alpine type, but rather a broad lake
of ice fed by tributary streams from
many directions and discharging
through an outlet valley to Glacier
Bay. The map which Mr. Andrew
publishes shows that the glacier has
retreated nearly three miles and has
lost about ten square miles of area.
It Is not improbable that the end of
the career of the Muir as a tidewater
glacier Is near at hand.
IN the exposition of California climate made by Presi
dent Chipman of the State Board of Trade appear
facts which we have constantly insisted should be
kept foremost in the interest of the State. To our cli
mate there has been one serious drawback, which lies in
the lure of it to the sufferers by consumption, the; "white
terror" of the world. Now, however, ample experiment
has shown that the best locality for consumptives is on
the desert, where outdoor life and the sun cure promise
means of relief and cure.
The deserts in Southern California are being increas
ingly utilized for this purpose and the balmy climate of
the rest of the State is becoming less the source of dan
ger. President Chipman exploits the health and blessing
of that life in the open, which is one of the. charms of ex
istence in California. It is a prime means of .avoiding
pulmonary and other diseases of the respiratory system
and of gaining a ruggedness and vigor of constitution,
which fortify it against all of the ills of the flesh.
But bodily health is not the only advantage gained by
living in California. N r or are all the benefits exhibited
in the demonstration of the relation of climate to our
vast and varied production, which is on a scale unknown
to any other similar area in the world. The satisfactions
of life inherent in our climate run also to the esthetic.
It is possible here to adorn the landscape and garnish
cities with a flora that exists nowhere else on the conti
nent in such variety and beauty. California should take
advantage of this, for it is the outward and visible sign
of a peculiarly clement and hospitable climate.
This very question is up now in our neighboring cities
of Oakland and Berkeley in the matter of lining their
streets an^d highways with trees. During the discussion
of this subject two parties have appeared, one alive to
our climatic advantages and Ihe other under the spell of
sentiment and memory. What may be called "the cli
matic party" desires to improve the advantages of our
semi-tropical and equable climate by lining the streets
with palms, which cast but little shade, do not litter the
street and walk by shedding leaves as do the deciduous
trees, and which, being tap root trees, do not invade the
sewers nor tear up the sidewalks. Besides these distinct
advantages the palms, being associated in the mind with
the tropics, give a permanent tropical aspect to a city,
which is very alluring to the people of the East.
Probably no city in the State presents a more beautiful
aspect than Sacramento, not because any attention has
been given to systematic tree planting on the streets, .but
because the lot holders everywhere use the different vari
ties of 'palms, and nearly every home has also planted
around it orange and lemon trees, which are either snowy
with fragrant bloom or*beautiful with loads of the -yel
low fruit. Orange trees with the ripe fruit, .sharing a
lawn with date and fan palms, join to present the most
enchanting picture to the Eastern eye, and Sacramento
should be one of the show places of the State'and will be
so when more attention is paid to streets and the making
of public parks with ample driveways and bridle paths
lined with tropical flora. Oakland has the same oppor
tunity and should improve it. The fan and canary palms
grow there in great form and give an air of luxury'* and
beauty that is imparted by no other trees.
The other party across the bay seems to represent
memory and sentiment and contends for deciduous and
lateral rooted trees. Its favorite seems to be. the elm.
Now the elm is a thirsty tree. It goes far with its roots,
in search of water, and when it finds moisture the~roots,
exulting in the supply, send up suckers to make new
trees, creating an unsightly thicket. Other deciduous
trees have the same bad habits, but even if they were not
drouthy as Tain O'Shanter deciduous trees should be
sparingly used in our cities. Eastern people come here
in the winter months. They leave a landscape that, is
brown and forbidding and on which the trees have shed
their leaves and stand naked in the wintry blast. If they
come to a California city and find the streets lined with
the same lifeless looking trees, bare of foliage and as un
interesting as clothespins, we lose in them the proper im
pression that could be made by writing our climate upon
our very streets in the glad language of the palm.
Visitors to Southern ' California cities see no more
sumptuous sight than the streets and long avenues lined
with palms. If the sky be chill no matter, the palms
speak of sunshine, of eternal summer, of life in the open.
If a lot owner in Oakland wish a customer for his realty
let him plant it with palms. That is the test. He would
not set it in maple, sycamore, elms or even the evergreen
acacia, which is hardly an interesting tree and is thirsty
as a toper. Every five dollars spent in palms will add
fifty dollars to the value of the property. This being so
the community value of the streets is capable of being
enhanced by the same means. Oakland is just now
quickened with ambition. She wants the great gifts of
the future. Let her stretch forth her palms in supplica
tion for the good time coming. » ...
Well Xamed.
"Funny how men obtain and retain
sobriquets, isn't it?" said a commercial
man on the train out of Prescott. Ariz.
"There's a man down here that I sell
to twice a year, and the order he hands
me is worth bringing home- He buys
for a string of stores that feed the cop
per mine3 down the road, and when I
first began selling to him I wasn't sure
but that he was handing me a little
jolly to keep my courage up. But his
orders made good, his bills were always
discounted for cash and he became the
lodestar of my hopes as I fared forth
on my southern trip.
"Last year, among other things, he
ordered p. carload of cheese — a carload;
think of It! Well, the goods were de
livered, duly stored in his warehouse
and his account for the same settled
with customary promptness. Three
months later a friend of mine who trav
els for a hardware house blew In on the
cheese plunger and was showing his
prospectus to this man when suddenly
he spied an illustration of a rat trap.
" 'Say, young feller, by gosh, that's
just what I want. Some of them durned
rats have got into my cheese up In
the warehouse. Say. send me down a
carload, young feller.'
" 'What,' exclaimed my hardware
friend, 'a carload of rat traps?' .
" 'That's just what I want, sir,' he re
plied.
"In due time the carload of rat traps
arrived, and since that day the plunger
has been known as 'Rat-trap Riley' the
length and breadth of the Territory.
It is necessary* to rise on the right toe
to lend the desired force and momen
tum.
When the other man is at a distance
it is not necessary to move the heels
from the floor, and the arm is almost
as fully extended as in delivering a
regular swing.
In uppercutting remember that
more of the blow's force depends on
the co-operation of the body than in
almost any other maneuver in boxing.
The arm, too, at whatever angle it is
1>ent, must be rigid and unyielding.
Oft*>n an uppercul will not reach the
face, but land on wind, heart or
throat. Strike in surh a way that the
blow will have full effect wherever it
lands.
The uppercut is most effective when
it lands just on or under the . point
of the jaw. A comparatively light up
percut landing in that locality will do
more to .«hake up its victim than
would a far heavier knock anywhere
else. If you doubt this, rap yourself
gently on the point of the chin or
Ju*t beneath that point with your
clenched knuckles. You will notice
a decidedly unpleasant Jarring sen
sation all through your head and face.
The point of the jaw is a doubly vul
nerable point. A blow struck there
not only Jars every nerve in the
hend and directly affects the brain,
but .in uppercut landing on. or under
the point of the jaw throws the head
backward at risk of temporarily
"throwing out" or dislocating the ver
tebrae.
More knockout blows have been
landed on the point of the jaw than
on all the rest of the body put togeth
pr. This statement Van be verified by
a glance at the records of ring bat
tles. As the jaw is so vulnerable. It
is well to remember to guard
it at all stages of the bout.
Never, in boxing. thrust the
chin forward. Always keep the teeth
clenched shut while you have the
gloves on. . Breathe through the nose
and never unclench your teeth under
any pretext. If you do. a light blow
on the jaw is liable to shatter a front
tooth or two.
On uhe same principle, do not turn
your full face on your opponent when
you can avoid doing so. Keep the
face at an oblique angle to him; the
chin drawn In and protected as far as
possible by the left shoulder. This
may not be easy to remember just at
first, but it is less unpleasant than a
series of blows landing flush on your
unguarded jaw. *
* * ¦ •
When a man tries to clinch with
you, his arms being off guard and
spread out, you have an excellent
chance to uppercut him. Gauge the
distance and the speed of the blow in
such a way as to catch him on what
ever part of his face or body you aim
for, before the rest of his body comes
so close to you as to block the blow.
Again, when a man leads for you
with right or left, guard with which
ever, hand is opposite the arm with
which he leads; and, instead of coun
tering with a straight lead, uppercut
him with the other hand. Be careful,
however, that his free hand is not in
a position to block your blow and to
counter on your. face.
Or, when a man rushes you and you
sidestep, you can uppercut him before
he recovers his balance. These are
but a few of m?.ny cases where the
uppercut can be employed. Tour own
judgment will be your best guide as
to its use.
Other blows and parries will be con
sidered in next Friday's Issue.
LIFE IN THE OPEN.
bica* plateau behind the shoulder of the Himalayas is as
independent of the Chinese Emperor as Korea or Anam.
It is separated from the heart of the empire by a thousand
untrodden miles. The seizure of it by England could
not be considered therefore the first step in the mooted
partition of China.
The diplomatic importance of Great Britain's move in
the direction of Thibet lies in its significance as a coun
ter check upon tlie Russian policy in .Manchuria and* a
possible effective diversion calculated to turn the Musco
vitic eyes away from the prey in the north. "
The delicate game of chess which Russia 'and Britain
have been playing with Persia, Afghanistan and the
khanates of Southern Turkestan as the board is given a
new aspect by this sudden move of the British castle.
Were Russia to gain ascendency over Thibet instead of
her .antagonist she would have China in a vise, the two
jaws of which would be Thibet and Manchuria. . More
over she wouJd then stretch- her length along the entire
northeastern boundary of the coveted Indian empire.
That Russia does not take this little side play by Eng
land in all kindness is indicated by the tone of the
Novoe Vremya of St. Petersburg, which threatens that
if the Thibetans are too weak to stem the tide of the
English over the Himalayas "it is quite possible for
others to do so by creating a slight diversion in some
direction disagreeable to the British politicians." The
safety of India is of course here hinted at as the tender
spot in the British flank. With her hands pretty well
filled by the Manchurian bundle it is not very probable
that Russia will undertake retaliation for the present,
however injured her feelings may be. It looks as if
Britain had her on the hio for the nonce.
THE SAN_FgAN CISCO' CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . .... ... Address An Communications to* JOHN McN AUGHT, MAnARCf
Publication Office <^g^£> Tt>lrd mul M ' irU ' (| » i »<" 1 « 6 . * l% -
TUESDAY •••' • ....DECUMHER 13, mi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDA\, DECEMBER IS, 1003,
glove upward. At the same time lead
a straight left-hander for the face.
_ Keep the knees rigid ar.d the heels
on the ground in the straight 'counter.
By knocking upward your partner's
left glove you leave his face defended
only by his right. If he is quick
enough he can guard your left-hand
counter for his face by throwing his
right arm upward and outward. If
he does so the position is this: Your
right is "inside" his left guard and his
right i? insjide your left guard. There
fore whichever of you is the quicker
may send in a jolt or hook to the jaw
with the hand that is inside the op
ponent's guard, according to the prin
ciples of in -fighting, which I have al
ready explained.
In such a case the advantage usual
ly rests with th*> man who attempted
the straight counter, more especially
if he hsTrti.id the foresight to plan to
use the short-arm blow with the right
in case the left "counter lead'' should
be blocked.
When a man tries to straight coun
ter your left lead, first block hjs left
with your right and then either try
the aforesaid bit of in-fightingr with
your right or else step back out of
reach.
Th* uppercut, which 'I have men
tioned on several occasions, is a pe
culiarly hard blow to give effectively,
and a far harder blow to receive with
equanimity. I have purposely post
poned explaining the '.uppercut until
the present time. Flirt because be
ginner Fhould not try it and second
because I wanted you to learn before
,hand the various situations in which
an uppercut should be used.
The uppercut is. as its * name Im
plies, a cut upward. It Is a vertical
suing. In other words, Instead of de
scribing part of a circle from left to
right or from right to left, it takes a
semi-circular coume, directly upward,
starting at about the waist line of the
man who delivers it and traveling to
the jaw, throat or face of its recipient.
The uppercut should always be de
livered with a curved^ arm. The angle
UPPERCUT.
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8Since the advent of tlie.Fren.cn .in .Ta-,
hltl many of the old: cufetoms; have been'
discontinued. Buy a gas^rnnge.fromsS.- F.
*Jas and Electric Co.. 416 Post street. • >
¦ 'Toronto, Canada's city of churches,
possesses one church which is probably
unique throughout all the realms of the
King. The Jarvis-street Baptist Church,
although' legally exempt from civic taxa
tion, like" all the other churches of the
city and province, insists upon paying, its
taxes.
. Euckhorn.military brush sets, shaving
mirrors, letter cases! bill books. ." travel
ing sets, dress suit cases and grips make
good presents for men. Prices right.
Sar. born. « Vail & Co. -.,•' .
Mr, Heath will be missed. It was
always a pleasure to meet him at
headquarters. • He always looked as
though he had stepped out of a band
box of sandpaper finish. Xo one could
sidestep more gracefully; no one could
be more gracious in giving or refusing,
tie charmed both the successful and
unsuccessful, solicitors for campaign
funds. "Perry, was the- oil on the trou
bled waters and the sunshine and
sparkle of the inside circle of the Re
lublican camp. Senator Hanna
3locked out . the orders. Perry gave
hem polished execution. Xo one
:ould take offense at Mr.. Heath; no
>ne could, help liking: him. He :had
he clothes, the tact, the manners, the
tppearance and the experience. A
nighty, handy man was Mr. Heath:
Sreatlywill he be missed. — Chicago
Journal. , " .
Perry Will . Be Missed.
.-: George r Webster, r - who carries off the
partiof Major Burleigh, does so with, a
real 'vim: George. Osbourne ' makes as
If they would only shoot at the In
dians from the stage in the third act
up at the ; Alcazar— burn a little pow
der—then "The Girl I Left Behind Me'
would be absolutely complete. There is
nothing in the acting or the stage busi
ness which is lacking save just that—
the want of a little real, shooting be
hind ; the . stockade instead of beating a
stretched skin out in the files." The
audience could stand the smoke for the
sake of the effect.
These melodramas where thej.- wear
swords and blow bugles are so apt to
be overdone— : there ' is such ah opportu
nity to rant and shriek— that one hesi
tates .before going to see such a play,
but ; the Alcazar* people have put on . the
stock barh-stbrmihg play with ah .ef
fectiveness' which raises: it, up to^the
rank of the standard class. After the
first part ; of r the first act- things slide
along smoothly, and many, a delicious
thrill of 'the -real sort ¦" creeps ' up the
tense spine of the audience.
Alcazar:
Mrs. . Hermann • Oelrichs arrived
from the East last night. She was
met at the Oakland pier by Mr. Oel
richs and on arrival in the city they
were driven at once to the Palace Ho
tel.
The train should have arrived, ac
cording to schedule , time, at 6:25 p. m.,
but it was three hours later' before
the ferry-boat pulhjd Into the slip on
this side. On arrival at the Palace
the Oelrichses wertt at once to the
court grill, where a iiglH supper await
ed them". Mrs. Oelrichs was' looking
uncommonly well. •'jSli'e was attired in
a tailor-made suit Of deep blue, with
superb furs of white and gray. Im
mediately after supper, the Oelrichses
repaired to apartments on' the Jessie^
street side, and, as Mrs. Oelrichs was
fatigued from her trip across the con
tinent, she declined to receive ¦ the
many friends who sont up cards. Her.
visit here is for the purpose of looking
into the improvements on the Fair
property and especially the building
of the beautiful -Fair-mount'. Hotel, ; in
which' she takes a greftt pride and in
terest.
Esmeralda, a xlyphone and bell solo
ist, played popular and classical music
at the. Chutes yesterday in a way that
aroused much enthusiasm at both per
formances. Ferry, "the human frog,"
gave a wonderful exhibition of con
tortion; the Harrison brothers proved
very amusing sketch artists,- and Vera
Chandon. a pleasing. contralto, made r
hit with her illustrated songs. Al H.
Tyrrell, a clever monoldgist and paro
dist; "the Allen sisters, In. their extra
ordinary acrobatic performance, and
the animatoscope, showing a complete
change of moving pictures, completed
the programme. The amateurs will ap
pear on Thursday night.
Chutes.
MRS. HERMANN OELUICHS
ARRIVES FROM NEW YORK
Ink stands, gold pen.'i. desk, pads, lap
tablets, desk sets. desK'calendars and
blotters for Christmas, s Sanborn, Vail &
Co. ! *
Allen Curtis made his initial bow to
an audience atFischer's Theater last
night in the musical comedy, "I. o. U."
He was cordially received and made a
favorable impression. He was handi
capped in several ways— by the popu
larity of Barney Bernard, his predeces
sor; by the fact that his opportunities
for studying the part were limited, and
also by the fact that Max M. Dill Is
ill with pneumonia and his part had
to be taken at short notice by Arthur
Boyce. The piece was carried through
as merrily as ever, however, and the
applause was liberal and hearty.
Fischer's.
VICTORIA, B. C., Dec. 14.—Mount
ford Wilson of a firm of attorneys of
San Francisco was severely cross-ex
amined in the Hopper-Dunsmuir will
case to-day by E. V. Bodwell, counsel
for the plaintiff. The witness in reply
to one question as to Mrs. Dunsmuir's
shortage of money, said this was due
to her having to pay Mrs. Hopper's
debts. :-. ;'* ;
,Bodwell attacked Wilson on the
ground that he represented both
James Dunsmuir and the late . Mrs.
Alexander Dunsmuir in the making of
agreements whereby James Dunsmuir
agreed to give Mrs. Dunsmuir $25,000
a year and a half interest in the San
Francisco property after a certain
debt had been paid, which it was esti
mated would take two years. Bod
well claimed Wilson did riot conserve
Mrs. Dunsmuir's interest by not hav
ing the arrangement In regard to the
payment of this debt inserted in the
agreement.' Jr? :
Wilson admitted having told Mrs.
Dunsmuir that Dunsmuir, being Pre
mier of British Columbia, would be
hard to beat in a British Columbia
court, but disclaimed any unprofes
sional action. . He first heard of the
will In February after Dunsmuir's fu
neral, and Mrs. Dunsmuir had told
him, taking into account her- good
name, her husband's memory, etc., she
did not intend to contest the will.'
VICTORIA, B. C. Dec. 14.— Lord
Dundonald, chief of the Canadian
forces, returned from Port Simpson and
vicinity on the Government steamer
Quadra to-day, where he went to lo»k
over the situation with respect to the
report that the United States intended
to fortify Sitkan and Kannaghai isl
ands.
Dundor.aJd visited both islands and
elso Pearso and 'Wales islands, which
were both aw/yded to Canada. He de
clined to talk of his visit, but from
others in the carty it is learned that
he regards Sitkan and Kannigha isl
ands as unable to dominate Port Simp
etm if fortified. Vessels pass close to
these islands entering Port Simpson,
but Wales If land is so much higher
that a fort there would make any forti
fications on the United States' islands
untenable.
¦v " .¦" ; -if .; s
LONDON,' Dec. 14.— The bc-dy of Sir
Herbert Spencer was cremated at
Hampstead to-day. Leonard Courtney,
M. P., made a brief address on the life
and work of the dead philosopher. An
Indian gentleman who v.'as present of
fered to dorate $5000 to endow a Spen
cer lectureship at Oxford. ;
Herbert Spencer left stringent and
precise instructions as] to the conduct
of his funeral, according to which only
his secretary should accompany., the
urn to its final resting place in High
gate Cemetery. This was a great dis
appointment to- the intimates of the'
philosopher, who desired to be present
at th"£~ funeral.
The ashes were deposited in a plain
granite block, which is to remain un
inscribed for several njonths. Then it
is to receive" an Inscription prepared by
Herbert Spencer, the terms of which
have "not been divulged.
Diinsmuir Case Witness Re
cites a Story About Financial
Straits of Capitalist's Wife
Lord Duiidonald, Chief of Cana
dian Troops, Returns From
the Awarded Territory
Leonard Courtney Delivers a
Brief Address at the Fu
neral of the Philosopher
WALES ISLAND
A FORT SITE
LAWYER TELLS
OF THE DEBTS
SPENCER'S BODY
IS CREMATED
The Central The'ater last night
roused a big house to enthusiasm with
the kins of border dramas, "The
Scout's Ilevenge." The scenes are laid
in the northern part of Texas and the
piece was beautifully mounted. The
plot deals with the* heroic efforts of an
American scout to break up a band of
outlaws on the frontier of Indian Ter
ritory, and Incidentally of the scout's*
conquest of the heart of a charming
Texas heiress, who is coveted by a pol
ished villain leagued with the bandits.
The play is replete with action of the
most stirring kind and curtain calls
were demanded after every sensational
climax. Herschel Mayall made a hand
some, dashing hero, and Eugenie Thais
Lawton a charming heroine.
The hew Tivoli Opera-house, corner
of Eddy and Mason streets, will be
opened Wednesday evening, December
23, with the magnificent holiday spec
tacle "Ixion, or The Wheelman," a
mythological- conglomeration, culled
and congregated by Ferris Hartman.
There will be twenty principals in the
cast and more than 150 people will ap
pear on the stage. There will be five
distinct ballets, all beautifully cos
tumed, and the transformation scene
entitled "Excelsior, or The Triumph of
Light" promises to be an artistic reve
lation. The sale of reserved seats will
begin Thursday morning at the old
Tivoli box office.
Central.
New Tivoli.
excellent a General Kennion as James
Durkln does a Lieutenant ¦ Hawkes
worth. Besides Miss Adele Block,
whose part gives "full play to all her
talent, Miss Juliet Crosby, after her six
months of retirement, received a hearty
share of the audience's approbation.
The Chinese Six Companies issued a
circular last evening exonerating both
the tongs now at war from complicity
in the assassination of Gee Gum in the
Washington-street Theater late Satur
day night. The shooting evolves a tale
-almost unprecedented. Those who plot
ted the crime relied on daring 'for ac
complishment. The murder was spec
tacular even for Chinatown.
While a play was in progress and
while 500 pairs of eyes were fastened
on the ' :¦. stage, a highbinder stepped
out and emptied his revolver in the
direction of Gee Gum. The victim,
who was a musician and who occu
pied a seat immediately behind the
actors, pitched forward, wounded unto
death. Every one present saw the
deed and its recklessness amazed them.
The murderer jumped toward a back
door, through which he had come, and
disappearedjn the network of passages
that. lead to another street.
It seemed strange that none of the
witnesses rhould know the assassin.
All who watched this bit of realism
interjected into .the heathen drama
positively asserted that its perpetrator
was a stranger and that the victim was
a member of no tong. * *
The Six Companies investigated and
found a story of deliberate revenge. A
Chinese lover, /whose affections had
been alienated by the musician, 1 plot
ted that the object of his vengeance
should find ho escape and took him
at a time when he would least be pre
pared for an attack. It appears that
Gee Gum won a woman whose residence
is on Sacramento street. Her forsaken
lover threatened his life and empha
sized his threats so strongly that the
musician took warning and went about
at all times guarded by friends. Then
his enemy resorted to strategy and im
ported a highbinder to do the work.
Where the man came from no one
knows. He had never been seen in
Chinatown before nor has he appeared
since. When he passed up on the stage,
bent, on murder, he was not known
and there was no one to- furnish a clew
as to his identity to the police when
tftey arrived on the scene.'
Fresh as a rose, blithe as a lark, win
some Lulu Glaser last night brought
another town under the witchery *of
her Dolly Varden.. City after city has
capitulated, and last night as much of
San Francisco as could be got into the
Columbia followed suit. It is ten years
since Miss Glaser was here to obsess
the town with 'If you love me, darling,
tell me with your eyes,' and inci
dentally to wile away the center' of
the : stage from Francis Wilson, who
brought her. Miss Glaser is 'ten years
younger since then. In. ten years. more
the philanthroplcally inclined will
probably be sending the Gerry society
after her manager. In the meantime
she .persuades to the righteousness of
another reminiscent Edwards opera,
carries it off in fine triumph.
If Miss Glaser's face was not her for
tune her laugh would be, dot enough.
How shall one describe its luscious gur
gle? It Is like a. lark's song after rain,
like the small boy's laugh when he
isn't found out.' One needs only its
captivating ripple and Mr. Edwards' or
any other opera may go hang— as Nor
dica sings. But Miss Glaser has much
more to offer. She has a warm, girly
voice that she uses to excellent advan
tage, and the last man in the .gallery!
can hear every word she says and sings.
Then this captivating person can act
with a freshness, vivacity, spontaneity
that makes her DolIy'Varden one of the
cleverest comedy portraits recently
seen here. Add to this a charming face j
and figure and a bewitching repertoire
of gowns, and you have Miss Lulu
Glaser as Dolly Varden.
The part was born for her. Possibly
not by Mr. Stange's fault— or has he \
the reminiscent habit of Mr. Edwards?
— the librettist's indebtedness to Wych- |
erley in his "The Country Girl" is not j
acknowledged. But the plot is the !
same, Dolly, a lovely country lass un
der the guardianship of a stern old
party who intends _to . marry her and
her "pot of money," comes up to Lon
don. Here, though she walks a&road
caged in a bottomless sedan chair, she
falls in love with a handsome young
London gallant. The story is concerned
with the plotting of the lovers to out
wit the guardian. As in the Wycherley
comedy, a second pair of lovers is in
troduced, and to give Miss Glaser op
portunity to show her angel ones she
has to wear boy's clothes, just as
Peggy does.
From the moment ' the fascinating
ankles that her lover apostrophises, in
lieu of the 1 eyebro,\vs . he^,,has .not yet
seen, appear the stage, is the dainty
comedienne's. They come tripping un
der the sedan chair that her guardian
ingeniously \ uses to hide his country
rose. Then Miss Glaser appears to be
gin a dellghtfultrio in which the guar
dian, the lover— who loves her for" her
ankles alone— and Dolly take part. She
is country girlhood itself, her awkward
ness divine, her giggle an inspiration.
One can believe she has just dropped
j from an apple tree and that she will
soon tumble up another. ; She has a
ridiculous, girlish little sniff that is
adorable, a hoyden walk thai is richly
droll. In all phases of the part she is
found sufficient, whether defying or
coaxing her guardian, making naive
love to Dick or offering to marry any
one so that "she can go to the play."
She. hasn't much in the way of songs,
which is a pity. "The Lay of the Jay"
is the only one in fact. It is good
enough. The. trio in which she first
appears, "Twirling, Whirlinar," is one
of her best numbers. But go to see her. i
Words fall me.
The opera. Mr. Wycherley to be
thanked, has a clear plot and attract
| ive story that falls in excellently with
i the purposes of opera. Some of the j
I musical setting: is distinctly melodious;
I If reminiscent— better where it is rem-
I inlscent, though one could wish that
"The Holy City" had been pas§ed by
as a source of inspiration. Then there
are also good people for the opera's '
[interpretation besides Miss Glaser.
• There is a sprightly and musical cho
rus, "including j a smart octet of men
that are f up to' "Flbrodora" sextet
standards, and the costumes are of the
_•'"'¦
The hero, Richard Belleville, is done
by Harry Girard, lean and cQurtly and
effective, but one has to take his tenor
for granted. .John Dunsmuire is good
as Dolly's guardian and has a.prom
ising basso that only balks. at a deep,
deep C. He sings very pleasantly.
Harold Blake has a pretty tenor and
acts well. Lillian Walbridge, the only
woman of importance in the cast be
sides Miss Glaser, is unimportant and
has a trill that 'should be extracted.
Her song, "The Navy," is the best on |
the programme, and Miss Walbridge 1
has a voice that was here prettily used.
There aren't many quotable lines. in
Varden," but. this sticks: "The
man who marries for money earns it."
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
"GirllLe^t Behind Me" Well
Presented at -This House.
"Scout's Revenge," Central*
No One Here Knows Highbinder
Who Killed Gee Gum but
Man Who Bought Revenge
Poisoning . Results From Ac
cident and Lends a Pathetic
Climax to a Sad Journey
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. SAN DIEGO, 'Dec. 14.— A peculiar
circumstance caused the death in this
city v last night of Joseph H. Grier, a
wealthy Indianan, who came to San
Diego Wednesday last to spend the
winter with his wife and daughter, who
preceded him hither.
Last Monday he arose from his berth
in a railroad car and stepped on the
point of a carpet tack which lay on the
floor. Septic poisoning: set In and the
physicians found that they could not
save his life.
Grier was 66 years of age and a
prominent citizen of Fort Wayne, Ind.
He was largely Interested Jn oil and
land business. For a number of years
he was general manager of the Indiana
OH and Land Company and was also
president of the Fort Wayne California
Oil Company, -with Interests in Kern
County.
His death Is a particularly sad blow
to Mrs. Grier. who Is in very delicate
health, and it was to visit her that he
had made the trip across the continent.
The remains will be sent to Fort
Wayne for Interment.
In France the phynoxera. a tiny in
sect with luxurious tastes, cost the vine
yard owners £132,000.000 a few years
ago. that being 1 the value of the royal
feast they had enjoyed.
The census of 1900 cost 111,854,817.
EXECUTES 'DARING CRIME
FINE BILL AT ALCAZAR
MEDICAL SKILL FAILS
Man of Mystery Is Imported
to Satisfy the Vengeance of
. Chinese Crossed in Love
Charming: Actress Brings An
other City I Under .Witch
ery of Her Latest Effort
Affluent Indiana Man Receives
an Injury in a Railroad
Car and Dies in Short Time
GLASER STARS
"DOLLY VARDEN"
CARPET TACK
ENDS HIS LIFE
SIX COMPANIES
PROBE MURDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO ,:CALJj, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1903.
9
I IVUL! house.
Comer Mason and Eddy Streets.
GSAND OPENING,
WEDNESDAY EVEiniTO. Deceaiber S3.
Magnlflcent Production of tbe Holiday Spec-
tacle.
IXION
Or "TBS WHEILMAN."
A Mythological Musical Extravaganza in Three
Acta.
See Bothwell Browne's Beanttfnl Ballots
USUAL* POPULAR PPaCES.. ..25c. 60c and ISc
Prcsccnlum and Mezzanine Box Seats II 00
The sale of scats will bogle Thursday
mornlsar, Deo. 17, at the Old TItoII.
COLUMBIA 2TS
N1GHTL.T, EXCEPT SUNDAY— MATINEE
SATURDAY.
F. C. WH1TNET PJtESENT3
The Queen of Singing Comediennes,
¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¦ ¥ • ' •
LULU
GLASER
In Stange and Edwards' Dainty Comic Opera,
DOLLY VARDEN.
.' -A PEHFECT PRODUCTION.
SPECIAI. MATHTBE CHSISTMAg.
irAblFQRNTir
if j EVERYBODY WILt. WANT If"^
I TO SEE THIS t If 1
Joseph Hart ifl
Carrie De Mar ™-
In W. A. Brady's Musical Coauedlt Hit.
FOXY
GRANDPA
ALLURING VAUDEVILLE!
Henri Humberty; The Toblns: Joan
linden'* "Cycle of Love"; Paulino
Hall; Franccsca Reddins and Com-
pany; Hines and Remington; !'Bon«
ncr" ; Tlic Brittons and Orpheum
Motion Pictures.
NEXT WEEK,
THE ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. .50c.
TO-NIGHT IS PRESS CLUB NIGHT
MANY ATTRACTIVE FEATURES
In Addition to the Lavish Production
1 "I-O-U" 1
The N'w Musical Comedy StM Delighting
Large Audiences.
Our "All-Star" Cast, including: Kolb and
Dill. Ailen Curtis (hl» first appearance). .Maude
Amber. Wlnfleld Blake, Oeorgrla O'Ramey. B*n
T. Dillon, Althea Twins, and Our Beautiful
Chorus of Fifty in a Performance of Kara
Merit. ' MMBM«£BKSjH
Seats Two Weeks ln Advance.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
POPULAR PRICES.
And m Ortat Shnvr Every ATtanooa anl
Evenlair ln th«- Thoroujrbly
Heated Theater.
TINY TOTS IN*' THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
HAMADEYA3 U THE ZOO. -
LOTS OF FtTS. IN THE PE^NT. ARCADI.
Stroll Through the MIRROR, MAZE.
See ANITA and Her BABY MONKEY.
AMATEUR NIGHT. THURSDAY.
Admission.'. 10c. Children. i3e.
When Phonlni? A?k : for VThe/ Chute*. "
EVERY WEEK DAY. RAIN OR SHIN*.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
INGLBSIDE TRACK
Commencing MONDAY. ¦ December 14.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races start -. at 2 p. rn. sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part of the. city.
Train leaws Third and Townsend streets at
1:15 p. m. 'and leaves the track immediately
after the ¦ last rac->. No sraoklnw . la ¦ last two
cars." which are reserved for ladles and, their
escorts.
-THOMAS . H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
Buyers of 'Christmas Presents
Should * visit Andrews' Diamond Palace,'
221 ; Montgomery st., under, Russ House,
and^see large stock of diamonds; watches
& jewelry; at lowest prices.' Open evgs.' •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEXT WEEK,
AMUSEMENTS.
IT PAYS TO TRADE ItT THE 'MISSION. j
PATTOSIEN'S
Cor. 16th and Mission Streets 1
FURNITURE— CARPETS— DRAPERY!
We sell carpets from 5 cents to 35 cents a yard cheaper than any other house in the i
city because we do not belonr to the Carpet Dealers' Association. 1
This is the reason why we do the largest carpet and linoleum business In San Fran- " I
Cisco. ....... . I
A sarinsr of from 5 cents to 35 cents per yard amounts to many dollars wlien yon want S
to cover a largre room or a whole house. . ' 3
It will pay you to call or if you will telephone Exchange 604 we will call and give you i
Rouble Width Wilton Velvets-^Will cover ordinary fffpfe Savonnerie Azminsters — Exquisite new floral and I
nan ana stairs without a seam; in rich Oriental and flo- Oriental designs have just come in our fall shipment; I
ral designs for parlors and bedrooms, and small figures pleasing patterns for the parlor and A± a _ . **
for hall and stairs. Buy it at the rf -d a -#-v bedroom. $1.65 is the price of . the <C H A CT 1
installment combine stores and you Vk 1 A i\ installment combine stores. Ours is •Tl ¦ .T"«Tl I
pay $1.90 for it. We sell it for •J/leT'^l °nJy •f*«>T^«^ I
Soxbnry Tapestriee — In tapestries this is the „ Bisrelow-Iiowell Body Brussels — The most desirable |
finest product of the mills. At the /*% +~ floor , covering made for halls, stairs and where much |
combine stores they ask you SI. 35 for (k I ¦ || use Is given it. Pattern and color are /*» " a _ I
the new fall pattern?. Our price for Jj I - ¦ If ln Pretty harmony. The downtown -W«. ¦¦¦ - ¦ « /• C 1
any of the big line of patterns is only v combine stores get $1.65 for it. We \ #T"O I
Blffelow-XfOwell Axmlnste» — If the combine permit- ................. a
t»»d its members to advertise the price it would be $2.00. Smith's Axmlnster — An unusually pretty and ser- I
That's the price they sell it for. A wide range of pat- viceable carpet for the dining-room and library the ¦
terns in brautiful floral and Oriental / a % * __ new patterns being especially at- a* B
effects is shown on our great carpet «,. | _fv L% tractive. You will have to pay the (l 1 / J ' £\ I
floor with or without borders. Patto- Jl I .llil combine $1.65 for it, but Pattosien's «J3 I , jl*\ I M
sien's price only V * •^¦wx.r ¦
MAflEITD DITfiC great variety of patterns andquality ¦
iflAl/Lrlll KlJUJ MOST ANY SIZE. Extremely Low Prices. I
During the last thirty days our enormous sales of best quality Carpets have left us with many remnants of the H
prettiest new fall patterns. These we have made up into various sized room rugs. WE get the mere cost of material I
and labor out of them. TOU get the bargains. I
8:3x10:8 Body Brussels. .. .92(1 R:Sxl2 Wilton Velvet. .WS2 J»O 8:3x10:5 Tapestry K15 S-.ixlO-R Rndv iJn,,,,i, bit H
*:3xlO:3 Axminster *'2U »xl2 Wilton Velvet $27 5O 8:3x10:6 Stlnson'« Tapes- 8 : 3x£» -S Vxminste? *£<» M
S:3tf':7 Tai*>stry *I1 8:3x10:8 Stinson Tapestry. try .itns 8:3x10 -3 Body Brussels' "•'Mm! I
*:3xl0:« Tapestry »I« $17 50 S:U10:5 Tapestry f 11 BO 8:3xl0. : 6 T^peEtry^ «*T R 1
8 :3xlO:« Velvet ?•-'« 8:3x8:3 Stinson's Tk'peVtTy.^14 j
Bedroom Furniture. g g m m Mission Furniture I
carvings at head an<l foot of bed; m rSHlHr^^^^ffl U ' l m Buffet — IS inches wide; lined I
large pwell front dresser; French a • flffiiPAtji M'^>l2| III drawer for silver; other ep ¦ r> f\f\ 5
plate beveled mir- C""7n F\f\ 11' I^SBfiagSm? -^ 1^3 f compartments nttrS fill 1
ror; 27x32; shaped J70.00 J ? LumJS WTiHWIiai |f H JW ' Uy J
Pattern 4» ¦ w. v atc^^^™^"' ' M^=a4segB< Hall Seat— 5 f cot wide. .81 s. 7.% |
•White SCaple Suit — Neatly rfoco- vAli^"' ' ' " *ll 40 In - '"iJe, with seat box. ..SI 1 ,7."» 1
rated with carvings; heavily p;-.n- fmOT«3 f 3 feet wide «Hs% m*\ 5
<• '¦ I dresser: glass tf*'\t '"Jf? iJti^aS I ... \Q Cfl R
beveled edge; 18x24 3>^I./j if If '* " *•'• ' •" •""••••••"" •P' tt ' lJ 8
Qnartered OUk Bult— Head and Wjr^^ " v: S5aT. , . . If wide; 5 " movable lJ20 00 1
foot boards nicely carved, topped i , Er^VT* r '^ n '^*^imm^Z*££3l ) shelves kJJfcjv.W g
with heavy roll; dreseer and wash- jltf tl ¦^jggl Buffet— Large uppers-, -»_ I
Ftnnd serpentine C/iC fJA /['/ B l/r*'l drawer and lower shelf, VI A. ?S 1
front; French platp / tl ",' 8 3 f^et wide... "41i £ X.fciJ g
beveled glass, 24x30 »t* *" #w^ if I 18 * ¦'/ / I tir-i*i m »., »V, • IS
M / 19 •II 1 1 Writing- Tables — All rtt + *-\ T*i\ ¦
Others Cheaper— Others Eicher. Ill 11 ',/ |« the conveniences re -^K|O.I)U I
I / ill W'i Library Table — After d*f%f\ f\f\ ¦
HrAccprc frJ '\\ m\ an ol<1 Padre pattern, jk/\) llil ¦
uressers a* .11 gjj 36x25 inches *pdv.wv ¦
The installment combine cannot . • Hi B
compete with us. These prices are Jm Pflrlor FumitUTe ¦
$12. B0 shapely golden oak. with This Mission Desk, beautlfullv YOU know the reputalion of I
beveled glass mirror CQ QC finJctn^^ ;« f,,~,~ 1 1 • 1 * "PATTOSIEXS OWN MAKE." and 0
vP».^O nni<ned in turned oak, IS made in with such a variety at his price you ¦
$K0 magnificent design. large Our Own factory ex- can be suited. * „*„„ I
shaped giass. mahogany $65^ 0 actlv like CUt. Worth «1 R QH "tSffi in^ir^rannT^rSS 8
I " "«0 mahoga'ny."iarge";val glass. $2 5 .OO . ggSSSSft in "JJS" 1
itull serpentine front. ...$34 qq try> ' iust about perfec- >35 00 I
tion, for »^«^w^»w n
|S^2^§sgf50 Mail Orders I
•&£S$£S%&&- $21.75 . People boiiil of ,he city can g« $£&« »' '.««•,?„' $45 00 I i
. .. . just exactly what tJiey. want ,:f they room ; .. . . . H IW » V V 1
write plainly. We carry on an exten- ¦ A very. attractive 2 PIECE SUIT* I
Metal BedS siv e country trade— all by letters. We covered with velour and &*%* *\f\ f
Twin Bed. whiteand brass..^4.5O W for IOO miles. Sfe^ $ WleOO" |
Green and gold, pretty scroll j ¦"—^¦^™«" An elegant rolled back frame, silk I
.¦< I <;..",<» Damask cover, a beau- On /\A I
Pale blue, rose and *£gSftB*O H A TTn^ICN C (\ »^' In »%! ™« 1 *^'-V0 1
Jhite. brass top and knobs..g8.5O f A 1 1 UulEll Vll- 3-PIECE SUIT, nicely carvedl
Plain white, with bra^s 83.75 *±*-"--V . wv " back, smooth grain, silk tfi 5 A AA I
AU . b :!"\ fl ??r. d r..^ d . e . s !S36^3 *6th and Mission Sts. S^SSi. .^....^"'WO-OU J
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
We'll send yon a sample free upon request.
SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Pearl Strtet, 21. Y.
There is no secret about
Scott's Emulsion * of Cod
Liver Gil. The label tells
the whole story. There is a
knack in making it. The
only secret about it is the
secret of its. success.
This year, when cod liver
oil is very scarce and hi<*|i,
all kinds of cheap, inferior
oils are used to take its place,
and. all sorts of things pre-
sented as substitutes. Think
of petroleum being taken as
a substitute for cod liver oil !
— too absurd. Think of the
so-called wines, extracts and
cordials of ' cod liver oil !
—^they are simply the shadow
without the substance; no
food value in them.
Scott's Emulsion — " The
Old Reliable " is the same
yesterday, to-day and forever.
• Its quality and purity can
be absolutely depended upon
at all times. \
NO SECRET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The btst little friend I have* £ .
LIEBIG COMPANY3
EXTRACT OF BEEF
USED BY GOOD COOKS EVERYWHERE
Palace D0NT f AIL T0
1 UlilvV fee t h e beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Ififl room, the EMPIRE
! aUU PARLOR, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
lira fid louis xv par.
ui auu LOR and the LA _
fj , * DIES* WRITING
Hotels R°° M - 1
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR B mT
¦ General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND. SL'N.
The Great Military Post Play.
THE GIRL I LEFT
BEHIND ME.
By David Belasco and Franklin Fyles.
"The Alcazar is to San Francisco what the
Empire Is to N* 1^ York." — The News Letter.
Kvgs., 25c to 73c; Mats Sat. and Sun.. 15c to 00c.
Next Monday — Big Holiday Production of the
Famous Realistic Dranja.
BLUE JEANS
Tbe brass band. The pet bull. The barbe-
cue. The buzzsaw serration.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone South 503
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The- Greatest of All Bordsr Dramas.
THE SCOUT'S
REVENGE
Thrilling Incidents! Powerful Climaxes: Mag-
nificent Scenery! Splendid Comedy!
Superb Cast!
nnifCC Evenings.... .....10c to 50c
lAIWIiiJ Jlatlnops.. 10c. • 15c. 23c
. Christmas Week. December 21.
"ALPHONSE AND GASTON."
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
FRIDAY NIGHT SCOTCH NIGHT.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONJ/Y." -
J. H. STODDART 1
AND
REUBEN F"AX:
la Ian MacLaren's Comedy Success,
r E . BONNiE BRIER BUSH
No one frho has seen the production can re-
sist the temptation to. witness it once again. —
Call. " . . ....
NEXT SUNDAY, MATINEE— MAY STOCK-
TON in "A LITTLE OUTCAST."
HAVE YOTT HEABD
PSYCHO,
The Musical Marvel, play on the
APOLLO
/ PIANO PLATES?
Dally Recitals ln Our Show Windows from
3:30 to 5. p. m.^and 7:30 to 0 p. m.
Benj. QurtaZ & Son
(POLE AGENTS)
16'0'Fsrrc I St.. S. V F.
OPEN EVENINGS." '
HOLIDAY
Purses, Wrist
Bags,
Music Rolls.
AND OTHER LEATHER NOVELTIES.
Wrlet Bass, all atylee anfl leathers — Mo-
rocco, »eal ted walrus — my prices, from
5Oe to f 7.OO.
6hopr.5r.r Ea»s. same leathers as above,
from 33.0O to 910.OO.
Combination Purse* aad Card Cases and
Letter Cases, from COc to »Vi.OO.
itMtir Rolls, iarce and choice variety,
5I.OO up to S3.5O. ,
Orfers by inail promptly filled.
TSAT MAST PITTS.
r. W. PITTS, the Stationer,
1006 Market St.. Above Powell,
San Fraud bco.
MISCELLANEOUS.Professor. Dunbar of Hamburg claims
to have discovered the poison in the pol
len of flowers which causes hay fever
and also its antidote. ~
The Flora is badly damaged. There
are two holes thirty feet from the bow
on the starboard side and the scraped
sheathing and splintered woodwork
right along from the bow to amidships,
mostly on this side; to which she listed
on the rocks. Is suggestive of broken
and dented plates beneath -this cover
ing -of wood and copper, although the
survey work has not yet demonstrated
the extent of the damage.
to. receive money for themselves right
fully belonging to the people. But do
not let any mistaken opinion on your
part of the innocence t of others deter
you from making a, most thorough and
complete 'investigation, and^ if you . do
.find them guilty say "so in the most un
mistakable terms and by such legal acts
on ' the > part , of the" jury as will bring
the offenders to justice."
VICTORIA. B. C, Dec. 14.— With the
arrival ofH.M. S. Flora at Esquimau,
where the bier cruiser was placed in
»drydock this morning, a dramatic inci
dent in connection with the stranding
of the cri:!ser came to light, an-inci
dent which does honor to the lieutenant
engineer of the cruiser.
When the Flora crashed upon the
rocks at Village Point as a result of
a mistake by the navigating lieuten
ant, who had mistaken the red spar
buoy which. marks the dangerous reef
off Village Point for the three-pile bea
con which' marks Base Plats upon the
opposite side of the channel, the lieuten
ant engineer was asleep in his room. # He
was awakened with the shock which
followed the crash and, realizing the
situation unon the • instant as water
p^oured in through the open scuttles
and' deadlights, he rushed out in his
night clothes. He was soon in the en
gine-room and swung the crank which
closed the bulkheads. The inrush of
water was thus stopped. 1
Erccial Dispatch to The Call.
•Apprentice allowance.
RWH KIo Chlco (Harris & Co.)... ..104
5459 Illowaho fW. H. Ketcheman) 112
5451 Captivate (P. Hildreth) .103
Sixth' race — One mile; three-year-olds and
up: selling. • • '¦ ¦ - .
5425 'Billy Moore (T. T. nector) ....... 00
> .... Dr. Bissell (C. T. Hemingway) ....10(5
5417 Forest King (P. J. Jones)....... ..107
5435 *Caronal (C. W. Chappelle) 05)
5453 'Colonel Van (D. S. Fountain) ..... . . Ofl
<54:Ki)»Ix)rd Melbourne (S. S. Bender) ....... 101
Fifth race^ — Six and a half furlongs; handi
cap: thr*e-year-olds and up.
5451 Muresca ( Mrs. Miller) 37
5350 Royal 'Ro«ue (J. C. Nealon) ....105
.... Whisky King: (Johnson & Co.)... 112
5449 Beau Ormondo (Mrs. E. U. Krlpp). .. .115
.... GlennevlB (W. Fisher) .......: 10.1
5453 Arabo (Jennings & Co.)...... .'.lCJ
RIVERSIDE, Dec. 14.— Riverside
County is to have a boodle investiga
tion. The first official cognizance was
taken to-day of charges of boodling in
this county, when Judge J. S. . Noyes
delivered' a supplementary charge to
the Grand , Jury requiring them to
make a full inquiry into the charges of
official misconduct of county officials
regarding contracts for the 'new county
courthouse. In instructing the Grand
Jury Judge Noyes said:
; "If corruption and dishonesty are rife
among the county officials of Riverside
County it is time you should 'know it
and guilty'ones be determined upon re
gardless of expense, however large and
burdensome: In. unison with all right
minded, right-thinking citizens I hope
that you will, after investigation, find
that the charges are unfounded. It is
to be regretted If any officers have so
far forgotten themselves and their
oaths as to pilfer the public funds or
I
....Daisy Green (J. G.: F6Hansbee) 107
Qnick Closing of Bulkheads
on British Cruiser Flora the
Reason Why Men Escaped
Heporls of Boodling in River
side County Arc Called to
the ¦ Grand Jury's Attention
OFFICER'S ACT
SAVES LIVES
COURT ORDERS
RAPID INQUIRY
PROBABLE WXZrZTSBS.
First race— Constellator, Bard Burns,
Evander. '
Second race— Ebony, Iiord Wadsworth,
Dundreary. ¦
Third race— Allopath, Dnpont, Veter
ono. ' jgjjffi^gSjjSjiSgj
Fourth race — Epicure, AhumaSa. Dais?
Greenly | ¦/,-.. . y. .- /: ¦,.... ,
.Fifth race— Royal Bosrue. Bean Or
monde," Arabo. .t. ;^3J^^^^?^|^8^ShBSI^|
Sixth race— Caronal, Colonel Van, Billy
£Iocre.
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
purse.
Oronte (McMahon, & Co.) ........110
5390 Leader (Jennings & Co.).. ".".".."..",.. '.'.105
.... Incubator (Van Meter. & Hayes):V.V.:ilO
4«r»2 Peter J (J. Tarbey).. ...107
5440 Knlcure (A. Dobson). ..'....'.¦....... ;v:lO5
.... Ahumsda (J. A. Kyle)....... .110
Third race — One and an eighth miles; three
year-oMn and up; purse:
5408 Myriad Dancer (D. M. Hanlon) 102
545.* Lhipont <G. B. Morris) ...;.. ..102
5431 Allopath (Lemasney Brcs.)..... ...... .102
5455 Velerano (\V. Vlvell) 105
6458 Cougar (Klunder & Burns)..... .105
5410 Part Master (C. P. Fink) yj
6452 Ebony (Hamilton Stable). ....110
5421 T. J. Cox <\V. B. Sliik)... ...112
5427 Andrew B. Cook (Stanfield & EHiB)...llU
5444 Waterspout (R. A. Smith). ....... .....107
6208 Potrero Grande <E. J. Baldwin). .... .110
r>421 Dundreary (Burns & Waterhouse). . . ..110
5;U!» St. Yu»ef (Kentucky Stable) 107
Carnival (F. B. Van Meter) ...115
Second race— Five and a half furlongs;
maiden colts and Reldlngs; purse:
Cheeny U... Brownlee)... 110
6444 Capitol (G. Lanka)...... .........100
HcKarth (Squires & Co.) 107
4507 Lord Wadsworth (T. G. Ferguson)... .110
President Thomas- H. Williams and
Vice President Adam Andrew of the
New California Jockey Club returned
yesterday from- Los Angeles, where
they went upon the invitation of offi
cers of the Los Angeles Jockey Club.
Referring, to the fact that complete
harmony will exist between the New
California Jockey Club and the Ascot
Park Association, Mr. Williams said:
"Last May the, Pacific Jockey Club
was formed to have jurisdiction over
racing this side of the Rocky Moun
tains. President Epes Randolph has
been ill. and for that reason went to
Arizona some time ago. John A.
Muir, vice president, intended some
two weeks ago to come to San Fran
cisco to confer with the members of
the Pacific Jockey Club, but was also
suddenly taken ill. W. E. Dunne, a
director of the Los Angeles Jockey
Club, telegraphed me and an appoint
ment was made. He came up here and
consulted with Mr. Andrew and my
self, and then upon his invitation we
visited Los Angeles. The result of our
visit was the election of John A. Muir
and W. E. Dunne as members of the
Pacific Jockey Club. The Ascot Park,'
the Seattle Racing Association and the
New California Jockey Club are now
under the jurisdiction and racing under
the rules of the Pacific Jockey Club."
. Jake Holtman replaced Dick Dwyer
at the starting gate, meeting with
his usual success. Dick will leave for
Los Angeles the latter part of the
week, where he is engaged to wield the
barrier at Ascot Park.
Following are to-day's entries:
! First ra.-;-Six furlci.f t; three-year olds and
5432 •Border Mark (Hutchinson & Co.).".... 07
r>4.'ts •IHilouon (\V. D. Randall) ...100
530» Evander (W. Fisher) 105
Mr;S 1-ee Uosewatcr (J. Nichols) lOi
5145 '1100181116 (Murry & Co.) 07
Mft5 Snark (D. S. Fountain) .' 110
5428 Theodora L, (P. E. Smith) :1O2
5448 •Constellator (KeatinK & Co.) 105
1 B3G4 Knrd Burns (S. Judge)... H:i
4505 *Sir Prexton <$. McNaugrhton) '. . . : 07
5432 *Maul MulleV (Mrs. C. E. Miller)..... 07
'5430 Dora I ("»V. M. Inglis).. 105
NOTES OF TUB TRACK.
SlKTial Dispatch to The Call,
REDDING, Dec. 14.— James Henry
Coleman, the thirteen-year-old son of
J. H. Coleman, shot at and wounded a
tramp yesterday morning. The tramp
threatened Charles Coleman's life and
was chasing that boy with a hatchet
when James Henry fired both barrels
of a No. 10 shotgun into the miscreant's
legs, stopping his headlong rush and
bloodthirsty designs on the older broth
er. The tramp fell to the ground and
the boys held him covered with guns.
He finally crawled away and has not
been seen since.
The elder boy had gone to a brick
yard to repair a fence. As he arrived
at a cabin on the premises a large and
vigorous tramp stepped to the door
and with curses asked what he wanted.
The boy informed the intruder that he
must leave the cabin. Then the tramp
grabbed a hatchet and started for the
youngster. The boy ran toward the
brick pile where his younger brother
was seated with his shotgun across his
knees.
James Henry was equal to the oc
casion. He jumped to his feet and cov
ering the tramp called out to him to
stop. The tramp did not heed the
warning so James lowered his gun and
fired both barrels. The boys had taken
theirJguns for the purpose of hunting
ducks after they had finished the re
pair work on the fence.
Profitable Begging.
A woman was arraigned for beg
ging and vagrancy in the Essex Mar
ket Police Court in New York a few
weeks ago who had among her be
longings a heavy bundle tied in a
large colored handkerchief, in which
were found over $70 in pennies and
ether small coin, the whole mass
weighing more than fifteen pounds.
This, according to the woman's own
story, she had collected in two weeks,
seated on the curb at a certain cor
ner on the Bowery with a plate in her
lap. And still more interesting was
the disclosure made by a bank book
of savings in Syracuse, X. Y., in her
possession, showing an account to the
woman's credit of over $1000. It ap
peared also that the woman had three
grown-up children living in Syracuse,
v.ho were able to care for her. Yet
po woebegone and poverty stricken
did the woman appear when arraign
ed in court that not until her hoard
ings were disclosed would even a po
lice court shyster take her case. — Les
lie's Weekly.
It appears that the gross business of
the steel trust was 5560,000,000 last
year. There was a product of finished
Bteel of S. 000.000 tons, and of this
1.920,000 tons were rails. Figured at
128 a ton, this amounted to $54,000,
000, and the New York Commercial is
authority- for the statement that the
net profit on steel rails was $23,000,000.
From this it would appear that the
people, of this country have been pay
ing, a big price for steel rails. "But
that is necessary in order to make the
wind and water in the stock good. If
the people like trusts that are water
ed, all they have to do is to keep on
supporting them. — Toledo Bee.
Bis Price for Steel Rails.
That there is much discontent with
work among the so-called middle
classes in America is due in large part
to the pampering of children, to the
supplying of their natural and arti
ficial wants, and to the sentimental
idea that '"their day of toil will -come
soon enough." In general, work . is
not a curse, but a blessing — a positive
means of grace. One can hardly be
gin too early to impress upon children
lessons of self-help by tasks appro
priate to their age and forces, and to
beget In them scorn of idleness and of
dependence on others." To do this is
to make them happy through the self
respect that comes, with jlhe realiza
tion of power, and thus to approxi
mate Tennyson's goal of man: •'Self
reverence, self-knowledge, self-con
trol." — Century. ' .^ /^, V.
Discontent With ' Work.
A Kansas Verdict.
The Kansas juries have been taking
the - humorous papers seriously about
mothers-in-law. In Atchison a young
wife alleged extreme cruelty against
her husband because Jie had main
tained her and his mother in the same
establishment. - As her-complaint-re
lated: "Well knowing, owing to the
peculiarities, of his mother, it would
be impossible. for the plaintiff to live
in the same house with. her, withlany
thiiig like peace and comfort, he'in
sisted on" bringing his mother to live
with them shortly after moving into
their own home, and did so o^er the
protest and objection of the plaintiff;
that. his mother at once assumed ab
solute domination, gave directions to
servants, took control of domestic af
fairs and commenced a series of per
secutions of the plaintiff, .with the re
sult that oh June 21 she fell danger
ously ill from nervous prostration and
for a long time remained at death's
door." She got her verdict. \ It is not,
however, bo bad as the verdict of an
insanity jury in Winfleld: "We find
Mrs. B. insane. Cause, too much
mother-in-law."
Effective Italian Battleships.
' The newest type of "Italian battle
ships are illustrations of what .can be
done with a comparatively small ton
nage. They displace' 12,624.79 tons
and', have engines of 20,000 ' horse
power, which will give them a maxi
mum sped of 22 knots. They are 425
feet long between perpendiculars, 73.3
feet beam' and 25.8 feet draught. The
conning tower is protected by : _?.84
inches of armor, the turrets by 7.87
inches and the citadel by 5.9 • inches.
They will carry twelve-inch and eight
inch guns in their main batteries. —
New York Press.
In Leipslc. Germany/ automobiles are
prohibited In the Inner city and limited
in ctreets traversed by electric cars else
where.
Playing cards, pame counters, poker
chips, dominoes, chess and checjeers, in
elepant cases, for Christmas. Sanborn,
Vail & Co. * •
Shasta Youngster Empties . a
Shotgun Into a Desperate
Stranger to Prevent Murder
IWQIiESIDE RACETRACK — MONDAY, Dec. 14. — Weather hazy. Track muddy.
5 4,"»<». FIRST RACE— geven furlongs; selling; all ares; value to first, $325.
Index^ Horse and Owner. : v pivtiSt. U . t£. %. str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. Cl
5t£! gJ'l^MassIe.- 5 (McAlester)...|106 2 6'1%3 1^1 n 1 2^,1 l»-i|I. Powell ..| 5-2 5-2
igf3« El Pilcto..5 <H. .W. Hoa»)..;106 5 3 h 4 »i 4 n 3 1 2^ Connell ... 3 18-5
£.™ Telephone. 2 <R. A. Smith)..! I>2 8 4 n i n 2 3^2 n "3 2 IGreenfleld . 3 13-5
5439. Elie. 2 (G. Lanka) . .' 80 « 2 % 5 V4 ;; 1^4 4 4 2%|Anderson .. 8 10
k\:,,\ ea , rl Diver - » (Carlisle Co.).. KH 1 5 n 7 3 7 3 <i % 5 >4 [Kuni: 15 30
5WJ Anlrad. 2 (Mrs. CofTey) I 89 7 7 h « V, <$ 4 5^64 !J. 1-ewls ... 15 ' 12
Brick Fowler. 2 <Bonsack)...| !>2 3 12 2 3V55,^7 3 7 4 \V. Daly ... 25 tte
.... I Emily Oliver^ (R. Clark). ¦ [111 | 4 8 8 8 H 8 [F. Kelly ... 20 40
Time— :2-J'i, :50, 1:15>4, 1:2S'4. At poFt 14 minute. Oft at 2:11. Massie, place. 1; ehow,
o 11 F1 ' oto ' Place, c-5; fhow. 3-5. Telephone, show, 2-5. Winner, br. g. by Traverse-
I i , , of *' ount Zoah. Trained by E. J. Ramsey. Start fair. Won cleverly. Next three
1 nrivintf. The track was only a trifle wet, with a good bottom for about twenty feet
1 from Inside rail. The outside was fairly dry. The track could be considered good, as
It was not deep. Bill Masele was well ridden to-day and the slow track Just Milted
nim. El Piloto closed strong, but late. Telephone ran a fair race. Anirad appears .to
_hayegone hack.
B4S7. SECOXD RACE— Five furlongs; purse; maiden 2-year-old fillies; value to first, $325.
Index Home and Owner. |Wt|St %. . fc,. % . Str. Fin. | _ Jockey. Op. Cl.
riiS fr^vescence (Mrs. Coffey). ..|112 0 ...926n 3 3 In jBlrkenruth .4 4
«ott!eiben (W. Klaher) 1107 « ... 1 Hil 3 1 I"i2 2 \V Waldo.. 5 6
6.1.3 Caroburn (B. Schreiber) ....!112 2 ... 2 1W 2 2 n ".« 2>*iJ. Daly ... 8-5 8-5
.... Kentish Shrew (Lamasney). . 112 8 ... On 7 ij 4 n 4*h Foley 0 8
;;;•, Wistaria (Mrs. J. F. Schorr). 112 5 ... 5 h 5 n 5 1 5 2K Reed 5- 10
V?,f*. |L ". ady Bclalr (Sanders & Co.). 107 I ... 10 14 {12 I) 1 (! 1% Knapp .... 20 25
£r.w £ 1 ef? " 3Sca «E- J, Baldwin).... 1112 7 ... 7 i<, 8 4 8 h 7 1>4 See l» 40 '
5*L^ f'orlana Belle (Miller & Co.). (lCO! .". ... 3n 3n G V t 8 2 IF Kelly... 10 15
53.3 Iillzabeth E (M. Epplnger). . . :107 4 ... 4 1^4 7 U, » 4 IHIlderbrnd 10 15
.... X>ady Alhellnsr (J. A. Kyle). .1112110 ... 11 10 1 JO 2 111 2.. C Smith...! 2O 30
45H.8 iBoca (Wells & Burger) ¦ ¦ 1U2J1 1 .. . SHU U 11 1 1,. Jackson. 1 20 40
Ti T"i :2a **- M8< 1:<Kil/ *- At P° st 1 nvlnute. Off at 2:38. Effervescence place C-5; ehow,"
.1-5 trottlelben. place. 5-2; show. 6-5. Caroburn. show. 1-3. Winner b. f. by Bath
anipton-Effervescent. Trained by J. Coffey. Scratched— Targette. Start good. Won in
a hard drive of three. Winner a slow beginner but a strong finisher. Gottleiben tired
some. Caroburn a quitter. Kentish Shrew a hot tip. Did not have a very even pass
~-~'-^S^-->-i~aj^a_wni^
545S. THIRD RACE— One mile and 70 yard3; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first, |325.
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. %. %T %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. cT
5443 Achilles. 4 (J. J. McCabe).... 06| 1 1 2 12 15 14 1 2«A|J. Lewis. ...~~"7o 7
?ti- &° U ' 4 (C - W - Chappelle).. 99 3 fi h 4«j4n 2 n 2 4 "|J. T. Sheehn 3 1C-5
043. Cougar.5 (Boots & Hollenbeck) 102 4 5 1U5 h 5 2 :i 2U3 l>i C. Kelly 4 5
™W £ lan - a (Strobel & Co.) 03 5 7 % 7 n «i 2^5 1^4 2% Kunz 2 11-5
5454 Expedient. 0 (P. E. Smith).. !)8 t) 10 10 » 5 <S Vi 5 li&jHUdebrand 7 7
£' 44 ,2 u °utonniere. •'* (Johnson) 95 «i 4 2>^3 1 2 % 4 2'i« 5 jM. Johnson. 3O 30
519. Kickumbob. G (Walz &Co.).. 102 2 3 >4 « 1 8 4 8 >,<. 7 1 W. Dugan.. 8 40
llii f. Ue Johnson - « (Fitzgerald).. 07 7 2 4 2 2 .TJ 7 n 8 4 Roach 25 40
49OS Douator. a (C. Mulholland). . 102 8 8 (! 8 ti 7 h 0 4 1» 8 U Spencer. 10 20
r>t:<4 H. P. Cane. 3 (Hutchinscn)..! »5jlO » 1 0 10 10 IWrlght .... 30 75
Time— :24U, :48ft. 1:15^, l:41i.i, 1:45^. At post 1% minutes. Off at 3:03^. Achilles,
place. 5-2; show, C-. r ». I O U, place. 6-5; show. 1-2. Cougar, show I. Winner, br. h.
by St Carlo-Mocnlight. Trained by II. Ferre',1. Start good. Won easily. Second easily.
Third driving. Track suited winner. I O U ran his race. Plan wanu stronger hand
ling. Expedient weakly ridden. Boutonniere ran a fair race. Sue Johnson had a trace
of speed.
r>451>. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; gelling; all ages; value to first. $325.
Index I -Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. %. %^ %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. CK
M(K» .Lord Melbourne. -3 (Bender). .11041 5 5 24» n .1 'J 2 3 1 l^iOllphant .. 2 5-2
5430 Reovrs. 3 (Lomasney Bros.).!lC2l 4 4 2 2 l'Al n In 2 2%IFolev 8 «
B389 Diderot. 5 fj, P. Atkln) ....ilOti] 2 1 n 3 »i 4 1^4 h 3 IVilHaack 3 7
5424 JDorice. 2 (B. Schreiber) I 91 7 « n « 2 .6 2 ft V t 4 2(1,1.7. Booker.. 10 13
S424 fSomenos. .'! (A. Josephs) 11071 :i 3 h I h 2 1 3 -V r. lUiConnell ... « 1O
544R Loyal S. 5 (V. Gilbert) |10fl| 1 2 h 5.h On « 2 0 % iHilderbrnd 10 7
54J7 Illowaho. 4 (H. Stover) |114| (i 7 7 7 7 7 |See 8 10
.5445 JAlbemarie. 3 (E. Tlerney) 110»| • ... |j. Lewis ..I 3 0-2
Time— :24«/i.:49H. 1:15V,; i : 2». : At pest • 1 minute. Off at 3:294. Melbourne place 1;
show. 1-2. Reeves, place. 2; show, 1. Diderot, show. 6-5. Winner, b. g. by Prince
of Monaco -Gondola. Trained by S. S. Bender. Scratched— Headwater. Start pood fcr
all but Albemarle. Won easily. Next three driving. Winner best and excellently handled.
Reeves showed improvement. .Not sloppy enough for Diderot. Somenos was bumped
( '? r j y .-- Jljowaho ran a bad race. 'Left.
54<tQ. FIFTH flACC — Six and a half furlongs; purse; 2-year-olds; value to first. 5323.
Index I Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. y 4 . %. 54. Str. Fin. j Jockey. | Op. CU
(5427) F. E. Shaw (W. B. Sink Jr.)..|115j 2, 2 *l 2 U Hi 1 2 11 Foley . . . . . 2 3^>
M33 Mies Betty (T. G. Ferguson). . (112 « 5 n 3 1* .-, *j 3 >£ 2 ns J. Martin.. 5 0
(5415) I'adua (A. Josephs) 1 110 4 4 1 f> 4 5 i;44 1»43 4 W. Waldo.. 3 ¦ 4
(5421) I Dargin (B. Schreiber) (110 5 « . 1 Vi 2 2 2 1 4 b J. Daly 3 18-5
(63rt7)(SoI Smith (U. Z. de Arman)..|lI5 1 In 4 >» 4 1 5 15 114 Hildebrand 2 7-2 "
5."85 lUr. Blrdsall (G. McConnell). . ¦ Jill 3 316 C B 6- jSee .20 100
Time— :24'.;. :49»i. 1:15. 1:23. At post 2Va minutes. Off at 3:56^. Shaw, place. 3-5; show,
1-3. Bntty, place, 3; show, 1. Padua, show, 3-5. Winner. chJ c. . by Magnet-Viola.
Trained by XV. II. Sink Jr. Start good. Won ridden out. Next two driving hard. Win
ner best. Miss Betty closed strong. Padua grabbed one cf his quarters. Dargin both
. ered on stretch turn by winner. Sol Smith, it was said, had a sore mouth and Hllder
brand made a mess of riding him. Dr. Birdsall's bridle broke.
B-Kll. SIXTH RACE— Mile and 70 yards; selling; three-year-olds and up; value 1st. $323.
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt|St U* hT. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op! CU
5412 Rey Dare. 5 (J. C; Nealon).. OS 5 3 1 3 1 3 2 2 2 1 ns |J Jones fi 9T2
!53. r i7 Greenock. 6 (J. Woods) 10(5 3 2 n 1 h 1 % 1 1 2 4 II* Powell 3 "!-•'
5437 Prestolus. 3 (Devln & Co.).. 09 « 8 HI 2 h 3 «i 3 >^ I L. Jackson. 20 40
5429 Silver Fizz. 0 .G. Lanka)... 07 2 7 h 5 h « 2 7 4 4 3 I Anderson .. 10 15
5419 iGalanthus. 5 (Mrs. Coffey).. 97 1 5 ?; 7 1 7 \i « 2 5, lUlJ Booker 5 8
543S iPat Morrissey. a (Wellman). 98 7 6 5 4 n 4 n 5 1 15 4 Knapo 15 12
ftJ25 ISilurian. 5 (Lamasney Bros.). 1105 8 4 h 8 8 S 7 1 Foley " ' '5--> 1
5398 iQuiet. 4 (H. E. Rowell) 1 102! 4 11 2?*5 i ;;4h8 J Martin" 5 ' 5
544S ICambaceres. 5 (V. Gilbert). ¦ 11051 * - ... Hllderbrnd 10 15
Time— :24. :49. 1:16. 1:41%. 1:45»;. At rost 14 minute. Off at 4:lSVi. Dare, place 2~
show. 1. Greenock. place. 6-5:" show. 7-10. Prestolus show 6. Winner b g by El
Rio Rey- Lady Dare. Trained by J. C. Nealon. Start good' for all but Cambaceres
Won In a hard drive of two. Third driving. Greenock tired the last part and Rry
Dare just nabbed him. Prestolus ran a good race. Galanthus closed well. Silurian no
k speed any part of it. Quiet quit early. 'Left.
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 14.— At a meet
ing to-nisht of the prime movers of
the Minnesota rooters' excursion to
the California-Minnesota game at San
Francisco on New Year's day and the
representatives of the various Western
roads, it was decided to call off the pro
posed trip owing to the refusal of the
railroads to make lower round trip
rates.
The railroads claim that their West
ern traffic to California during the hol
idays is such that they cannot see
their way clear to lower the present
rate of $105, which appeared exorbitant
to the local football rooters.
PARIS, Dec. 14.— The court which has
been hearing the arguments in the case
of Tod Sloan, the American jockey,
against the French Jockey Club for
$40,000 damages, for being warned off
the turf in connection with Rose de
Maix's winning of the Prix Diane in
Chantilly in May last. to : day found in
favor of Sloan and condemned the
jockey club to pay damages. The court,
while holding that Sloan's complaint
was justified, pointed out that he had
not showed that the course of the club
caused him serious prejudice and lim
ited the damages to the expense of the
action. The case involved the Jockey
club's sole control of the French turf
administration.
New Orleans Race Winners.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 14.— Crescent
City results: •
First race, five furlongs— Bronx ivon,
Diaphanus second, Duncan third. Time,
1:04-1-5.
Second race, one and a sixteenth
miles — De Reszke won, Mrs. Frank
Foster second. Captain Arnold third.
Time. 1:52 4-5.
Third race, one mile— Big Ben won,
Witful second, Bon Mot tttird. Time,
1:44 2-5.
Fourth race, one mile, high-weight
handicap — Safety Light won, Aladdin
second. Potheen third. Time, 1:45 3-5.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling —
Annie Max won, W. J. Deboe second,
Barbara Frietchie third. Time, 1:30 4-5.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy
yards — Ethics won, Little Scout second.
Homestead third. Time, 1:49 3-5.
PAINTERS VOTE FOR FIFTY
CENT INCREASE IN WAGES
Cheltenham.
Even before the "garden city" ha<i
any actual existence outside the inten
tions of philanthropists, Cheltenham,
where next week the National Union of
Women AVorkers holds its annual con
ference, is already in possession of this
proud title. Its gardens. togocher with
Its schools, sufficiently justify the mot
to of the borough, "SalubriMs et Eru
ditio." But its fame for health, and
fashion came from a deeper and a
higher source than its gardens, to wit,
its waters, patronized as they were by
persons so lofty as George III and that
royal exQuisite, the prince regent. Be
tween 1790 and 1830 all the fashion and
beauty of England gravitated to thia
spot, as any may learn In reading th-2
novels of the first half of the nine
teenth century. All this was to no
small discomfiture of the London shop
keepers, who complained that they
heard of nothing but Cheltenham
modes. It had, too, more solid claims
to distinction, for here the Kemblcs
and Mrs. Siddons gained early recogni
tion; Samuel Johnson went there in
1743; it was mlssionized by "Wesley,
Whitefleld and the Countes3 of Hunt
ingdon, who had their influence coun
teracted later by the vlslt3 of Byron.—
London Chronicle.
A beautiful framed picture makes a
good Christmas present. The only large
assortment of good things is at Sanborn
& Vall's. •
French Bread Will Hereafter Bear a
Union Label — Carpenters' Union
Ejects Ofiicers.
, The Painters* Union has voted for
a raise of wages and the matter will
be referred to the District Council for
final action. A raise of 50 cents is
asked, to go into effect after, the first
of next March. .
The French and Italian bakers of
this city gave a banquet last night,
celebrating the securing of a six-day
working week. Hereafter the French
bread loaves will bear the union
stamp.
The following officers were elected
for the ensuing six months by Car
penters' Union No. 1082:
President. E. E. de Roln: vice president, Vf.
B. Firth; recording secretary. C. W: "Bailey;
financial secretary. Frank Stradtlng; treasurer,
J. E. Scully: conductor. T. J. Masley; warden,
E. Terkins; trustees — Ira M. /Wheeler, A. E.
1/iidstrcm and.E. W. Hutehlnson; auditors —
M. L. Greggr. Patrick Kerr and W. C. Norton;
delegates to the District Council of Carpenters —
M. U Gregg. Frank Cranford. J. E. Scully and
C. \V. Bailey; delegates to the State Federation
of Labor— M. L. Greg*. E. W. Hutehlnson. C.
W. Bailey and T. J. Ma?ley.
Disease in the Mines.
I The profuse use of water spraying in
mines has unfortunately assisted In the
Introduction of a most serious disease
into collieries, viz.: "ankylostomaiasis,"
Avhich is at present mostly confined to
Austrian, German and Hungarian
mines, but has been discovered in some
mines in Cornwall, and also in Austra
lia, where those suffering from the dis
ease are called "earth eaters." Tha
higher the temperature and the greater
the point of saturation the more easily
is the parasite propagated, and there
fore its favorite habitat i3 in the damp
and badly ventilated places. The larvae
can exist in any temperature above 43
degrees F., and have been found on the
higher parts of props and bars, but not
near the floor. Fortunately, the first
accounts are believed to have exagger
ated the danger, and were incorrect in
stating that, the infection could be car
ried through the air, but later investi
gations seem to point out that it can
only be taken in through the mouili,
and, therefore, clean hands and clean
water, when partaking of foods, are ihe
principal safeguards. — Mines and Min
erals.
Scotch-Irish Blood.
Until recent years, it has been the
misfortune' of the Scotch-Irish to have
escaped historical investigation; for
American history has been written
chiefly in New England, whose colonial
Puritans' forbade them in their midst.
In fact, from the earliest settlement,
the Scotch-Irish have been pioneers
and men of action-. They have contrib
uted to America few writers and ar
tists, but 'many generals,' politicians
and captains of industry. In literature
they claim two eminent names, Irving
and Poe; but in the army, navy, poll
tics and business,' they claim John
Paul Jones, Perry, Andrew Jackson,
Winfleld Scott, Zachary Taylor, Ulys
ses S. Grant, Stonewall Jackson,
George B. McClellan. Alexander Hamil
ton, John C. Calhoun, James G. Blalne.
Jefferson Davis, Thomas Benton, Hen
dricks, John G. Carlisle, Mark Hanna,
William McKinley, ' Matthew S. Quay.
Andrew Carnegie, John D. Rockefeller.
Horace Greeley, Henry Watterson. and
hundreds alike famous in the most
strenuous movements of American life.
— Chautauquan.
A person standing at one side and
watching the entrance and exit of the
Corning stores is reminded strongly of
a beehive filled with a big swarm of
bees. Some one entering and: some
one coming out nearly all the time*
during the day. Each person has an
object in view and a mission to per
form, and thence to hither. and anon.
To a casual observer the sight is very
interesting when stu'died fronv the
standpoint of a dreamer.-^-Corning
(Kans.) Gazette. , *J V-"'v'
Hither and Anon.
Knock-outs and plenty of gore were
seen at the Bay City Athletic Clubs
boxing exhibition last night. There
•was a big attendance and the bouts
were enjoyed.
George Sullivan had an easy time
¦with Harry Chester, the Olympic Club
boxer. Sullivan was very fat and hit
with his open glove, yet he was able
to land on Chester with incredible
case. Sullivan was awarded a decision
at the end of the fourth round.
Dick Hyland had Jim Kane at his
l»ercy and the humane sergeant of po
lice stopped the unequal contest. Kane
was gcrr.e and did his best, but Hyiand
was too fast and strong for him.
Joe Fountain Knocked out Ed Mar
tin in one round. Jack Moran, a clever
two-handed boxer, put Charles Augus
tus down for the count in the third
round of the battle. Moran showed
he was a finished boxer and had Little
trouble subduing the descendant of the
Caesars. Jack O'Brien was too big
and heavy for Charles Landers and
th<> bout was stopped in the second
round.
The four-round battle between Wil
liam Eagan and Melio Onetto was the
funniest seen here in months. Onetto
was a tall and ungainly Italian, who
took aim before delivering a blow. His
hands were sent in every direction and
he cut wide swaths in the smoky at
mosphere. Eagan was given the de
cision because he was the gamer of
the pair and landed some hard punches.
Billy Woods and Tommy Reilly are
to box fifteen rounds to-night in Deitz's
Operahouse, Oakland, under the aus-.
pices of the Sequoia Club. This will
be the second meeting. They fougnt
twenty rounds some time. ago. Ed
die Graney will referee the contest-
BOY WOUNDS
VICIOUS TRAMP
LEXINGTON, Ky., Dec. 14.— During
a severe snowstorm on Saturday night
a band of seventy yearlings, quartered
in the pasture at the Elmendorf stud
of J. B. Haggin, stampeded and 'ran
through wire fencing, and five of the
number were so badly cripoled, that
they will have to be destroyed. They
had been reserved by Haggin from this
year's crop for future stud service and
were the get of the best stallions owned
by the famous turfman. The disabling
of the yearlings is a serious loss to
the noted breeding establishment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Some of the Runaway Band Are
So Seriously Injured That
They Have to Be Destroyed
Once Premier Rider Gets .No
Damages, but Decision Is a
Blow to Racing Association
Heavy Passenger Traffic is
Given by the Railways as the
Reason, for Their Attitude
Sidney Bender's gelding. Lord Mel
bourne, looked the class of tha starters
in the second seven furlong selling fix
ture and went to the post a pronounced
favorite over Albermarle and Reeves.
Oliphant handled the first choice to
excellent advantage, and gradually
overhauling Reeves in the run home,
won easily. Reeves beat Diderct nearly
three lengths for the place. Albermarle
was left at the post.
If Foley was given orders not to
show up F. E. Shaw, favorite for the
six and a half furlong two-year-old
sprint, he didn't. Quite the contrary
he nearly got him beaten. The St.
Louis rider was busy interfering with
Daly on Dargin all around the stretch
turn, and at the wire only disposed of
Miss Betty by a length. Padua ran a
close third under poor handling after
grabbing one of his quarters. Sol Smith
had a sore mouth and ran as if af
flicted with some ailment.
Little J. Jones landed Rey Dare first
for the closing mile and seventy yard
seHing run. Powell made all the run
ning with Greenock and in a hard drive
lost out by a nose. Silurian, the favor
ite, could not stir up a gallop.
After repeated failures Achilles at
last annexed a purse. The brown St.
Carlo horse was one of ten starters in
the mile and seventy yard selling num
ber and as good as 12 to 1 could be ob
tained about him. The track appeared
just to his liking, for w:th Jed Lewis
up he went to the front and was never
headed. I O U took the place, four
lengths ahead of Cougar. Hian, the
favorite, miserably handled by Kunz,
finished fourth.
Even the threatening weather and a
very moderate card did not deter a
large crowd from attending the open
ing of Ingleside track yesterday. Oak
land track* has its advantage, perhaps,
but after all there is no place like 'home,
and Ingleside. picturesquely nestled aa
it is between the hills and almost with
in sound of the breakers, is pleasing to
the eye and popular with the masses.
The light downpour of rain had left
the track a trifle heavy, but it could
scarcely be termed a muddy one. That
is how some of the "dope" students
were fooled. Moving from one track
to another always causes a paucity of
entries, and the platers had an Inning.
Despite the lack of class three favorites
earned brackets. ¦
Both Telephone and El Piloto were
passed around as sura winners for the
opening seven-furlong selling event.
Notwithstanding their boom Bill Mas
sie, with Powell up, closed a slight fa
vorite. Telephone showed a flash of
speed, but was early passed by. Bill
Massie, which gelding won by nearly
two lengths. Connell came with a tardy
rush on El Piloto, downing Telephone
for the place. # '
Barney £chreiber's Caroburn, ridden
by Johnny Daly, was installed favorite
for the five-furlong scramble for two
year-olds fillies and again disappointed,
finishing third. Bill Waldo made all
the running with Gottlelben, only' to be
collared the final fifty yards and beaten
by Effervescence, the second choice.
Birkenruth rode a very strong finish on
the winner.
George Sullivan Easily Out-
Points Harry Chester in
Their Four-Round Contest
DEFENDANT PAYS COSTS
PLENTY OF GORE SHED
RUN INTO i BARBED : WIRE
JOURNEY IS ABANDONED
Bay City Athletic Club Show
Is Greatly Enjoyed by the
Followers of Boxing Game
Seventy Young Thoroughbreds
at the Elnicndorf Stud Stam
pede During a Snowstorm
Obtains Judgment Against the
French Jockey Club for
Ruling Him Off the Turf
Railroads Refuse to Lovver
Rates for Minnesota Football
Excursion to California
FAST BATTLES
BY AMATEURS
HAGGIN LOSES
FIVE YEARLINGS
JOCKEY SLOAN
WINS HIS SUIT
NO REBATES
TO "ROOTERS"
RACETRACK HAPPENINGS AND OTHER SPORTING EVENTS
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL. ijUESDAY... DECEMBER 45, 1903.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Three Favorites Capture Purses-— Bill Massie Wins the
Opening Event — Achilles Drops In at 12 to 1— Lord
Melbourne First-— F. E. Shaw Downs Miss Betty
INGLESIDE TRACK REOPENS
WITH A LARGE ATTENDANCE
10
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
FIVE CENTS
BEST SMOKE ON EARTH
ON SALE EVERYWHERE
ocoQoooeeoeoooedOooooooeoeooo9cooo«dooQoooooo
I IT'S A WONDER!!
g More Praise for Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt i,';J
O jA($k II docs the work That is what i •
• W J makes the business for. my Elec- \&
% wL^t^l tr ' c Bd^ When a man has squan- J
® g<fefey dered the earnings of years on o
§ jdgi^gaL quacks and all kinds of drugs and ®
• JgSBJBfife^Sf^fegH. S°t no relief, and then comes to o
• wB^Bl mc and * curc ' n ' m> he is my O
© jgar^i"^'m ¦isS^^gR friend, and he wants others to o
S j-^ :; sl ii^-? £^^^i&^^&%S*S*8E^& know what he has found out — that ©
'© tt$m J^^feH^B^mfl JpfaSravL 3 m^ c^ w '^ cure where nothing q
% Varicoccle and Back Pains o
© ¦ Grass Valley. Cal. S
A fiB399BHHHY^ Dr. ¦ McLausrhlin — Dear Sir: Your T
a KX!j %jK0MMHEH™*W^- Belt i.s a wonder. I have not bf>f>n Jj
a jBt-?f^|BiB3IHBlBSW troubled with any pain in the back, '¦©
*? WB ' Bijuf|Bf)(IH3P»3Wi t * ie var 'coepl«-» is gone and I am in a ©
S r'^SPmraTTOlMffifffim much healthier condition. I am very O
llggfffilii/lnMrlBffl8l8Wi ' grateful to you for what you have Q
© done for me in this short time (a lit- a
© 1 ' e more than a month), and assure *±
O ' HraMS}MHMgl8HM|B you that I am glad to recommend
A IBMfllIwWMB»BaBB your treatment. Yours very truly. 5
0 . nnnniiiw mnji ¦¦¦ clarence w. jenkins. box *67«. •
• A SURE CURE AND A CHEAP ONE, S
O As every, man who has been cured by my belt says it is the best 8
• and cheapest cure he ever found. You spend more in one month •
J doctoring than it costs you. It is cheap because it Laves you fu- -5
• l UrC ¦$* tor ..^ ls - Cal1 and te st it free, or let me send ' you my 2
• beautifully illustrated book, sealed, free. 2
I Dr. M. o| G. H McLaughlin, ™ ib rK J™JP !
• Office Hours-8 a. m. to S p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. ©
OO©OO©OSO©©OOOOOOO8»OOO9OBOOOOOOOOOO0OO©OOOOO. Glass models of mines are now made
•howiot all the workings.
Pyrography outfits and things' to burn.
Art material department. Sanborn. Vail
& Co.. / . •
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— At. the residence of
Senator W. A. Clark, It wu said to-night that
his condition was much improved and that he
was gaining steadily.: ..¦ ¦¦ •
The Korean Government has ordered
that all Koreans, without regard to rank
or class, should not wear clothes except
of a blue or dark color. ' : '
Christmas cards and calendars. Good
things for everybody. Sanborn, Vair&
Co. •
Tho St. Louis Fair appropriations -in
the States and Territories amount to $6,
207,500. or $707,969 more than the.. total
from similar sources at the Chicago Ex
position.
James Tsoueas is on trial in the
.United States District Court on an in
'dlctment charging conspiracy to coun
terfeit. The Jury disagreed on the for
.nier trial. : .
Tsoueas on Trial.
Coroner Leland was notified yester-.
day that Georg-e Riddell." an employe
on ';. " Jim" " Wilder's scow- in Mission
Creek, fell' overboard at about 10:30
o'clock yesterday ' morning and was
drowned. There was a strong:" ebb tide
at the time and the body was swiftly
carried away by the current. Riddell
was, 2 3 years old,' unmarried and lived
at 468- Noe street. .
George Rlddcll Drowned.
'Alta Parlor No. 3 of- the Native
Daughters has arranged for a Christ
mas tree party on a large scaie to.be
given in the banquet hall' of the Native
Sons' building- on the night of Decem
ber 22. There will be, dancing after
the programme and distribution of
gifts by "old Santy" from the tree.
Alta Parlor's" Christmas.
Detectives Regan and ' O'Connell,
armed with search warrants, made a
raid yesterday .upon places where it
was suspected lottery, tickets- were
being sold. . They,., arrested Charles
Russell at 927 Market street on the
charge of keepinga.lottery place; Al
bert Becker. si9 Market street, for
conducting a lottery place; Ben Mil p
ler, 930 Market street, for having lot
tery tickets in his possession, and J.
Potter, Kearny street, for conducting:
a lottery place.
Lottery Men Arrested.
Petitions in insolvency were filed in
the United States District Court yes
te/day as . follows: Frank Benedict
Boone, butcher, Stockton, liabilities
$5036, assets $3323; M. J. Pearring. ;
orchardist and commission merchant,
San Jose, liabilities $2006, assets $25;
Edwin C. Schlueter, butcher, Nlles,
liabilities $7635. assets $1172.
Petitions in Insolvency.
The members- of Redwood Circle of
the Women of Woodcraft will have a
dancing party in Eagles' Hall, Spreck
els annex, this evening. The attend
ance at the social functions of . this
circle has been' phenomenal and It is
expected that the crush will be great
er than ever this evening.
A Woodcraft Dance.
The Board of State Harbor Commis
sioners will meet to-day at 10 a. m.
to consider charges against wholesale
produce dealers who hold permits
from the board to sell perishable pro
ducts on the wharves of the State.
The charges are contained in affidavits
filed by retail produce dealers.
Whether the wholesalers who have
been cited to appear to-day will come
before the'board is somewhat a matter
of doubt. Attorney Reinstein, who
represents them, was asked about this
yesterday, but declined to answer. •
"_ Answer has been prepared by Attor
ney Davis for the Harbor Commission
ers in the injunction suits 'brought in
the Superior Court by four wholesale
firms whose permits to sell on the
wharves have been taken away. This
may be filed to-day.
'Wholesale Dealers 'in Perishable Pro
ducts Arc Expected to Appear
and. Answer. Chnrges. . .
John Emerson pleaded guilty to, a
charge of burglary, in Judge Dunne's
court .yesterday and will be sentenced
next Monday. Emerson is known as
a tool thief,* and he broke into a new
building on Sacramento street, be
tween Montgomery and Sansome, on
the morning of September 7 and stole
a quantity of carpenter's tools. .
Pleads Guilty of Burglary.
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS
READY FOR TESTIMONY
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that examina
tions will be heJd in San Francifceo on
the dates mentioned:
Trained nurse. Indian service, Jan
uary 5. 1904. Age .limit, 20 years or
over. Application form 1312. There
are eight vacancies to fill; salary, $600
to $720 per annum.
Electroype molder, . January 12.
1904. Age limit. 21 years or over.
Application form 1093.:
Messenger boy, .jiavy yard, San
Francisco. Cal., Januir-y 13, 1904. Age
limit, 14 to 20 years. Salary, $104 per
diem. Application form 304.
Blue printer, navy 'yard, San Fran
cisco, Cal. Age limit, 2.0 years or over.
Salary, $2 per diem. "Application form
1093. Persons who desire' to compete
should at once apply" either to the
United States. Civil Service Commis
sion, Washington, D. C. "or "to the sec
retary of tile -Consolidated Board of
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jackson
streetr? for application ~ forms, which
should he properly- executed and filed
with the CfitAmiSs\on '• at Washington.
Civil Service Examination*.
The members of the San Francisco
Scottish Thistle Club will U3her in the
year 1904 with a hogmanay supper
and ball at Native Sons' § Hall on the
evening of December 31. The event
promises to be a memorable one, as
the Scots have gained unlimited ex
perience in the twenty-one hogmanay
suppers and balls given by them since
their organization.
Scots Will Greet New Year.
On Wednesdar evening of thl3 week
the next lecture In the University Ex
tension Course on the French Revolu
tion, given by the. Mechanics' Institute,
will be delivered at. the Mechanics' Pa
vilion art gallery. The subject of the
lecture Will be "Vergniaud. the Orator
of the Glrondlns." The lecture will be
delivered by Professor H. Morse Ste
phens of the University of California.
Professor Stephens to Lcctare.
George F. Detrick, general manager i
of the Santa Fe Company's excursion j
department, returned yesterday from
the East, where he spent several weeks j
studying the prospects for westward .
traffic for the coming year. The greater .
part of his time was spent in the New '
England States, from which he nays an J
exceptionally large representation will :
be sent to the coming conclave of \
Knights Templar in this city. j
"I was surprised." said Detrick yes- j
terday afternoon, "at the large number ,
of persons who have already arranged]
to attend the conclave from that sec
tion of the country. The Knights 6f
the New England States have already
contracted for twenty special trains,
which alone means 3000 persons, and |
fully that number will travel to Cali
fornia by the regular trains. - In the j
East it is estimated that there will be
at least 30,000, Knights Templar In the
big parade in. this city. According to
the calculations on the eastern side of i
the country the conclave will bring to
San Francisco one of. the largest gath- I
erings of representative people that the'
city has ever entertained. They all
want the best kind of accommodations
and are making their arrangements for
the same far in advance 'of their com-,
ing." i v ;
Bit? Representation From the New-
England States Will Be Included
In Westward Pilgrimage. j
KNIGHTS PREPARING FOR
THEIR COMING CONCLAVE I
The divorce suit of Eva Macon
against McCord Macon, a variety ac
tor, was partly heard by Judge Sloss
yesterday and was continued to enable
the plaintiff to secure more evidence
in support of her charge of cruelty.
Mrs. Macon told the court that last
April her husband kidnaped their then
12-day-old child and placed it on the
doorstep of a foundling asylum bn
Golden Gate avenue.
Daniel J. Doland, who, six month3
ago under the name of Joseph De
mery. filled an engagemsnt at the Cen
tral Theater, was sued for* divorce yes
terday bv Lillian Doland. She charg?s
that for more than a year past, though
he has been in the receipt of a good
salary, her husband has not provided
for her or their one child. Desertion
is charged in the complaint for di
yofct) filed by Lillie H. Kennelly
against Patrick J. Kennelly:
Interlocutory, decrees of divorce
were granted to Margaret Schirmer
from Philip Schirmer for infidelity,
Mamie E. Drolllnger from John H.
Drollinger for neglect, Refuglo A. da
la Fu'.nte from Jose de la Fuinte for
cruelty and Dora Scott from James
Scott for cruelty.
Eva Maccn Says Her Actor Husband
Stole Child and Left It at
. Foundling Asylum.
' KIDNAPING EPISODE
LEADS TO DIVORCE COURT
Secretary White and Officer McMur
ray of th? Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children unearthed a
shocking case of destitution and
parental neglect yesterday afternoon
at 676 Brannan street. The only clean
thing !n the house was a little black
and white pup. Michael Bradley, a
riveter at the Union Iron Works, Is the
man of the family and he will be
placed under arres.t for failing to
properly provide for those dependent
upon him.
Mrs. Bradley showed signs of men
tal derangement when the officers ap
peared yesterday and she was taken
to the Emergency Hcspital, pending
examination as to her sanity. A boy
and a little girl, both scantily clad and
in a filthy condition, were also found
in the dwelling. The girl was liter
ally covered witn sores from some
cutaneous disease. She and her
brother were allowed to accompany
their mother to the horpital and they
will be given a suitable home to-day
by the officers of the charitable so
ciety.
Liquor is said to L'-s the cau^ of the
revolting state of affairs at the Brad
ley home.
Shotting State of Affairs Exists in
Hoikp of an Employe of Union
Iron Works.
OFFICERS FfND FAMILY
FILTHY AND DESTITUTE
Thomas Madigan of the livery firm
of Madigan & O'N'ell and Patrick Kane,
treasurer of the Master Horseshoers*
Association, were the only witnesses
examined yesterday; during the trial
of the suit for damages, brought by J.
H. McCarty against the association
and the Horseshoers' .Union. - The
evidence of both the witnesses favored
the plaintiff in that it showed the ex
istence of considerable feeling against
McCarty at the time of his trouble
With his men and his fellow'employ
ers.
Madigan testified that whilo he was
getting his rigs ready for a funeral he
was approached by the business agents
of the Stablemen's and Hackmen's
unions and told that he must with-:
draw his patronage from McCarty or
the funeral would be stopped and his
employes called out. He said he de
murred to th* request on the ground
that McCarty's family would be in
jured and was then told that the fam
ily of the hor3eshoer was not to be
considered. •
Kane's testimony was to tho effect
that during all the time that Mccar
ty's men were out the association paid
them $4 a day.
Patronage From McCurty. '
Says Business Agents of Two Unions
Asked Him to Withdraw Ills
STABLE KEEPER MADIGAN
• CLAIMS THREATS WERE USED
The United States life-saving service
costs $1,700,000 a year.
Genuineness is genius.
LiEHLIN. Dec. 14. — A thousand
specifications of cruelty are laid
against Lieutenant Schiling of the
Ninety-eighth Regiment of Infantry,
whose trial began at Metz to-day. The
hearing will be private.
Many Chances Against Officer.
United States Court Commissioner
Heacock yesterday issued a warrant
for the arrest of Edward Morgan Her
rera, charging him with having em
bezzled $1050 from the Chilean Gov
ernment while he was employed as
a clerk in Valparaiso. Herrera Is in
custody and his examination will take
place at 1:30 o'clock this afternoon.
The Chilean Consul has discovered
that an extradition treaty between his
country and the United States was
ratified in 1902.
Hcrrcra to Be Extradited.
ST. PETE RH BURG. Dec. 14.—Gov
ernor General Bobrikoff ha3 ordered
the withdrawal of state aid from
schools of Finland where the decree
requiring the teaching of the Russian
language is not observed.
No State Aid in Finland Schools.
Absent— Braunhart,* Curtis— 2.
The amended ordinance: fixing the
minimum widths of passage to exits
in buildings used as lodging-houses,
hotels and hospitals was finally passed.
The old ordinance regulating shoot
ing galleries and prohibiting their
maintenance within certain limits was
repealed and a new and re\ised bill
was passed to print. The ordinance pro
hibits the discharge of flioarms of
greater than 22-caiiber and the shoot
ing galieries must be bullet proof. An
other ordinance imposing a license of
$7 50 per quarter on shooting galleries
maintained for profit and $10 per year
on. those conducted otherwise than for
profit was passed to print.
' The vote on final pas'sage was:
Ayes— Booth, Boxton, Brar.denstein,
Comtc, Connor. D'Ancona, Eggers,
Loughery, Lynch, McClellan, Payot —
11.
, Ni>es — Alpers, Bent, Rea, Walsh, Wil
son — 5. - • i
If the veto is riot! sustain.-d and the
ordinance becomes a law it is the in
tention of the board to place the man
agement, of the pound In th? hands of
the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals, which had it once
before. . . -
The ordinance taking the appoint
ment of poundmaster out of the hands
of the Mayor and placing it in • that
of the Board of Supervisors \vns finally
passed' by the board yesterday. The
ordinance will now go to Mayor
Schmitz for his approval ordisapproval.
His Honor made a statement recently
that he would veto the ordinance when
it came to him, as it aimed to dis
possess his appointee, H. O. Irwin, from
the poundmastership.
The Mayor believes that the board
cannot muster the necessary fourteen
votes to override his veto and therefore
his man will continue to serve. The
Mayor cqunts on Supervisory Curtis,
Rea, Wilson, Walsh, Alpera and Bent
to stand • by his veto, the five last
named having voted against final pas
sage of the bill.
The complaint charges that one Fin- ;
ley, an, employe*, was beaten aod badly
injured by the defendants to 'prevent .
him from helping to keep the peace '
and to protect the company's property.
It is charged also that J. E. Kemp Van '
Ee, manager of the mine, had been \
threatened with death if he refused to j
yield to the demands of the strikers. !
The strikers are charged further with '
having wrecked one of the pumps m •
the mine and with having uncoupled
another, by reason of which the mine ;
was rapidly filling with water. It is :
alleged further that the drivers of the •
company's supply wagons have been
driven away by the strikers. ¦ • |
It is alleged that $50,000 damage ha3 ¦
been done already by the strikers ™d
that unless restricted the mine will br
damaged to the extent of $250,000. j
- -
It is averred that during the month
of November the company discharged
Frank Rochester, whereupon "the mem
bers of the union struck, demanding
the reinstatement of Rochester, an in
crease of wages and a shortening of
the work day. During the present
month the company employed 60 men
in San Francisco to take the places
of the strikers and when 27 of these
men arrived at Milton they were set
upon by the defendants and by men
from the Miners' Union from Angels
Camp, who, by a show of force and
threats of violence, intimidated the
newly hired employes and drove them
away.
It is averred further that at 10
o'clock in the morning the new comers
were forcibly taken x down the railroad
track and ordered to leave immediate
ly and never come back.
The complaint alleges that by rea
son of these and other deeds of vio
lence and threats it is impossible for
the complainant to work Its mines,
and that in pursuance of a conspiracy
a.nd combination men have been pick
eted around the property of the com
plainant by the defendants, some car
rying clubs and rifles with the express
purpose of keeping away all Intending
employes from the mines by force.
ONE EMPLOYE INJURED.
UNION* ORDERS STRIKE.
As soon as a Deputy United States
Marshal arrives at Hodson, Calaveras
County, and serves certain papers on
Frank Rochester, W. Quthrie and one
hundred and fifty John. Does, consti
tuting Independence Miners' Union No.
166 the strike at the Royal Consol
idated Mining Company Limited, at
that place, will be at an end.
On the petition of the company.
United • States Circuit Judge Hanford
yesterday issued a restraining order
against the strikers commanding tfcem
to desist from further Intimidation of
the employes of the company and from
interfering with the property of the
company in any way. They are or
dered aJso ; to appear in the United
States Circuit Court in this city on
January 4, 1904, and show cause, If
any they have, why the injunction
should not be made permanent.
The complaint filed by the mining
company recites that in September,
1903, most of the employes organized
Independence Miners' Union No.- 166
fcr the purpose of coercing the plaintiff
into subjecting its business to the :on
trol of the union and of the defendants
and to employ the members of the
union to the exclusion of all persons
not members cf the said union or elm
ilar unions.
Th« petition cf the United Railroads
for the refund of $35,477 2S paid under
protest for the special tax levy for new
schools and a hospital was referred to
the Judiciary Committee.
Supervisors Comte, Curtis and Eg
eerfc strongly opposed the p'.ar.to lov.-er |
the crade, contending that it would '
damage property. Commissioner of. ;
Works Schmitz stated after the meet- I
jr.g that he had voted to recommend ;
The lowering of the grade, being led
. to believe that the property owners
w*re unanimously in fnvor of it, but \
he had fir.ee learned differently.
The recommendation of Maj-or
Schmitz that a storekeeper-mechanic
be appointed in the Department of
Elections to take care cf all election ;
supplies was referred to the Finance
Committee.
Rev. Father Maximilian, pastor c-f St. '
Boniface Church, said no amount of :
damages would compensate for the
building of iwer.ty-five steps to the
church edifice, which would be ncce?
?:tc.*.ed by the lowering of the grade.
City Engineer Clrur.sky filed a state
ment estimaating that damages in the
sum of $275,000 would result to prop
erty by reason <-f the change. Grunsky
figured thut I'C.OOO front feet would be
benefited cr.d 43,000 front feet damaged.
He fistiired .the bare cost of leveling
the :v o b!ccks. exclusive of the sewer :
arefk. at 535.000.
Ex-Mayor Phelan fallowed with an
argument favoring the lowering of the
grade, in which he argued that it would
redound to the public benefit- E. B.
Mastick. representins Mrs. L. M. Mof
fltt. who owns a five-story building on
Golden Gate avenue, objected to the
charge of grade.
Thomas H. Krjeht filed several pro
tests signed by various property own
en against the grade reduction.
"Of course." said McEnerney, "these
are all small property owners. There
are several millionaires who favor the
proposition, and on that account I sug
geirt that the name of Golden Gate
avenue be chaneed to 'Millionaires'
avenue.' "
<!arret McEnerr.ey, representing the
fathers of St. Boniface Church, ad
dressed the board in opposition to the
proposed change of grades, claiming
that while the large property owners
might b* benefited the small holders
vould not. He stated that the lower
ing of the grade would be detrimental
to the property interests of his clients.
1. What is the district that would be
benefited by th* 3 proposed reduction of
the grade on Golden Gate avenue?
2. What is the probable cost of mak
ing the change including an estimate
of the damapop which may result there
from and the proportion of damages
that would be borne by the various
properties affected?
OPPOSES GRADE CHANGE.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
imstpMnpd action on the proposed reso
lution «>f intention to lower the grade
of Golden Gate avenue by eleven feet
at Jodps street and thirtf«?n feet at
Leavenworth Ftroet until such time as
certain information in connection
therewith is ascertained from the
Board, of Public Works. The board
adopted. a substitute resolution present
ed by d'Ancona. who favored the grade
change, providing that the City Engi
neer make a report on the following
question?:
Ordinances were passed to print pro
hibiting enlmals or vehicles to go upon
public sidewalks or to stand on street
crossings and imposing a license of
$10 per quarter on bill posters, o.d
vertising sign painters and street car
advertisers.
Grades were ordered changed uii
California street at the crossings of
Twenty-seventh to Thirty-third ave
nues, on Xoe and Nineteenth streets
and on Parnassus avenue and Cole
street.
The roadways of Xoe street b?t\\eer.
Seventeenth end Eighteenth and Laurel
street between Clay and Washington
were fully accepted.
The Central Light and Power Com
pany was granted a permit to erect .iii
oil storage tank of 40,000 gallons ca
pacity in premises on Jessie , street
near Fourth.
The Fire Commission was granted
authority to sell at public auction, a
large quantity of old material of no
further use to the department.
A demand for $3173 33 was ordered
drawn in favor of Frank McSheehy ior
the hauling, erecting and storing ef
election booths.
The Board of Works was directed tc
report on the expediency- of paving
Noe street, between Twenty-third ind
Elizabeth.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
appointed Supervisors Boxton and Wil
son a special committee for the purpose
of visiting the Home for Feeble Minded
Children at Glen Ellen and to investi
gate as to the cost of maintaining
minors committed from this city and
whether the latter have relatives to
care for them and also to make a gen
eral report as to the conduct of the
institution. The expenses of the 3pe
cial committee are to be paid out of
the urgent necessity fund.
The board referred, to the- Finance
Committee a resolution directing the
Auditor and Treasurer to audit and
pay to various individuals an aggre
gate sum of $4270, the same being a re
fund because of a license tax on nick^i
inTthe-slot machines which was not
earned, the privilege for using the ma
chines having been denied by the Po
lice Commission Jn the beginning of the
quarter.
The petition of property owners for
the changing of the name of Central
avenue to Presidio avenue was . re
ferred to the Street Committee.
The communication from Hiram 'I>.
Cook complaining that no work has
been commenced on the extension of
the Nineteenth avenue boulevard In
accordance with an appropriation set
aside therefor was referred to the Fi
nance Committee.
The ordinance granting the electric
light and power companies an exten
sion of fifteen months from January'
12, 1903, within which to comply with
the terms of the ordinance regulating
the placing of electric wires and poles
so as to safeguard human life, .vas
passed to print.
George Shadburne, president of St.
Mary's Square Association, appeared
boforr the Supervisors' Finance Com
mittee yesterday relative to the refusal
of Auditor Baehr to sigrn two judgment
demands for lands condemned for St.
Mary's Square.
Shndburr.? presented an agreement
statinp that the St. Mary's Square As
sociation and Paulist Fathers are will
ing that the City Attorney proceed in
an action of the city versus Victor AI
bouze and recover judgments therein to
tho extent of the fund known as St.
Marys Square fund and no more. The
association further agrees to ask for
the payment of no further judgments
until there are further funds provided
therefor.
Shadburne stated that Auditor Baehr
was agreeable to the stipulation limit
ing the amount of judgments, but ac
tion was postponed until to-morrow
afternoon at 2, "when the Auditor will
be heard from.
The committee also considered the
matter of providing quarters for chil
dren brought before the Juvenile Court
pending the disposition of their cases.
It was found that there are uc avail
able quarters and the legality of per
mitting the Hastings College of Law to
occupy rooms in the City Hall was dis
cussed. The whole matter was referred
to Superintendents Lewis and "White of
th*» Boys' and Girls' Aid Society and
the Society for Prevention of Cruelty
to Children.
Ordinances were finally passed by the
Board of Supervisors ordering the con
struction of a sewer in Thirty-seventh
avenue and the construction of a roaJ
way thereon leading from the new Pest
house site to -the bay shore, at a *cost
of $ll,r>00; authorizing an appropriation
of $2000 out of the urgent i-eceESilv
fund in continuation of the work of
placing Chinatown in sanltaty condi
tion; reducing sidewalk widths on
Clement street from First to Tenth
avenues to fifteen feat. '
The ordinances authorizing expendi
tures of $3009 for ten horses and $2475
for nine horses purchased by the Fir3
Department were referred , to the
Finance Committee for inquiry into the
price of horses.
Tho ordinance providing for the con
struction of ground-floor ripe-easing
holes in and through the AoJr of the
first story of buildings to *»nab!e the
prompt extinguishing of fires was re
rrf.Miec! to the Fire Co:nmittee.
Thi' .ordinance prohibiting the erec
tion of fences of a greater neight than
ten feet from the ground for painting
or iv:£ting of signs or advertisements
tb^rcon was finally passed.
Kemp Van Ee, the Manager,
' Threatened With Death if
He Refuses Their Demands
Mayor Recommends Appoint
ment of Store keeper-Mechanic
for Department of Elections
Grants Extension of Time to
Electric Light Companies to
Comply With New Ordinance
Supervisors Finally Pass the
Bill Limiting Height of Ad
vertising Fences to Ten Feet
New Bill Designed to Regu
late the Maintenance of Shoot
ing Galleries Passed to Print
BOARD RETURNS LICENSES
WORKS BOARD TO REPORT
FORCE USED BY MINERS
ENDANGERS IRWIN'S SCALP
HIGH PRICES FOR HORSES
Supervisors Pass Ordinance De
priving the Mayor of Power
to Appoint a Pouudmastcr
Supervisors Boston and Wilson
to Report on Affairs of the
Home for Feeble Minded
The Boyal Consolidated Mining:
Company Appeals to United
States to Subdue Rioters
Supervisors Postpone Action on
the Plan to Level Golden
Gate Avenue for Two Blocks
Association Agrees to Ask Xo
Further Tayments on St.
3Iary's Square Fund atPresent
SCHM1TZ WILL
VETO MEASURE
COURT ENJOINS
THE STRIKERS
JUDGMENTS ARE
TO BE LIMITED
GRADE CHANGE
IS CONSIDERED
WILL INSPECT
INSTITUTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 35, 1903.
11
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"DECORATING"
FOR THE PARTY.
One of Bryson's Famous Beauties.
'FREE WITH
THE CHRISTMAS CALL
NEXT SUNDAY.
The Fourth of the Series m Gold.
• iS^vf^^^iv^^HBsBiw^^^i ¦"¦¦%¦'¦¦ ••'': : ¦*.?.¦< : .¦¦<, - ¦ Br.-l
CcBUlMK JjgTzv^ * ' /- ' '* -ii. c*' } . ¦ • • v^«* • MB I
Hv^BH^ff^^SfS^kVJ '" *;":^ y '- -vs.-*'- . - ** ' i' '¦ • -*';¦•>¦ ¦ ¦'¦¦¦'• ¦-.-¦¦ .jj -
yggWSMBaPH^BBSfflyff^' . ¦¦.: ¦-. ' : £*..-- ¦$&/Vi*s c >^ . > \ ... vj~«j-.- : ~.xft.£j3HHn^H
MsflB2SiB^9ylUP^IBBu3vtJ7 ¦ ¦-¦¦' ¦'¦¦¦ ¦¦.':¦:¦; ¦¦¦>¦¦ "¦' ¦¦¦ ¦ ' -V'*' *»: .'¦¦¦...,..•.. -. /. .¦>..^vKtK^wi^x^jM*wnji t
llygflmgmjl^jggggy ¦ :¦ .. ;.. . •¦¦: ¦. • ' ¦ . |-:.\ *¦¦.?.¦¦¦¦¦•¦:¦".¦¦ :¦'¦.¦: ?r £'£jkl.t} l 23!B' '¦H'"i J
1 1* • ¥ \ :w\ \
"DECORATING."
This su'ijVct >s the fourth of Brysor.'s famous Gold scries, issued
exclusively by The Call and pronounced by every one to be the
richest, most novel and expensive set of Art subjects issued in Amer-
ica. Decorating is a worthy companion piece to its predecessors
aijd for home adornment thev are, simply unsurpassed.
This picture is one which proves the artist to be a master in the
handling 6f light and brilliant color. It also shows his imaginative
power, his spirited technique and the completeness of detail so char-
acteristic in. his work.
Don't take any one's word for the description of this picture^ as
• one only needs to bs- seen to become convinced that it is a picture
'to preserve.
' Remember it's FREE with
NEXT SUNDAY'S GALL,
Have you seen The Daily Call lately?
You should get one and carefully note
' the wonderful mass ol hews it contains
and the masterly manner in which it is
presented. Now is the time to sub-
scribe for THE DAILY CALL, Greater *
San Francisco's Greatest Paper «*>*••
Stomach, Bowel and Kidney
Diseases Cured Quickly, Per-
manently and Cheaply by Elec-
Iro-Chemistry.
MKrf. 3VIAA A. MITCHELL,
'J3S Fifth St.; Oakland.
Mi*. Mitchell says: "I had Buftered with «.
¦ev«r« liver. Ftorr.ach and bowel trouble for :
cirhtern long years. My pains wove »o b.iJ I
h*-l to take morjihi «• M'-'li.^l trv«tnicr.t« <Ud ]
me no t<xA. In -Joso-iir I lecil.nl »•» try the
Klfctro-Ch'iEic treatmort. la \iv« trrat**M.x>ts i
I t»f grrativ benefited and relieved. I am
b^tt«-r th«n I V.ave be*n In '¦irhteen ypan>. and
opeftHMith of the n<>ctrt>-'*h« > mio treatment at
a nno!! exntnr* !.?.* «*vred m«'."
<Slr»*d> MRf. JI'MA A. MITCHELL.
Ois Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal.
consultahon" rnrr
and rKrr
EXAMINATION * M * Mj * J ,
Specialties — ' Consumption., Catarrh,
Bronchitis, Asthma, Cancers, Tnmors,
Deafness, Head and Ear ZToises, Rheu-
matism. Paralysis. ZTenralxla, Piles.
Diseases of the Stomach, Liver. Kid-
neys and Bowels, Special Diseases of
Ken and Women, All Chronic Diseases.
HOME TKEATMEXT— If you live at a dlg-
tanc*. try to come for a personal examination.
If you can't coim, write for instructions for
home examination and treatment.
electihkhemIc institute,
118 GBABT AVX.. Cor. Post.
SAXT FRAITCISCO.
OTfW hour* — 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8
p. xn. daily. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Separate apartments fcr ladles and gentlemen.
wLk^h™™**? 1 ; For Infants and Children.
1 The Kind You Have
n AiW3ys oOusni
i^getablePreparationforAs- || ' : ; **
similatingtheroodandRegula- H — a
fog the Stomachs andBowels of 3* JD63.rS tll8 j t
Promotes Digeslion.CliperfviI- w jff */ HAjr
ness andRest.Contains neither f: § n P . £IL JBF § p
Opium.Morphine nor>Iineral. m UJ. /|\ l!j
not^arcotic. ij at\\ir'
XM^aroUJOrSAl'.lTlPfTCJIZR |1 • \#\
PUmfJe'm Seal' v fjjj If |
sflx.Senn* * 3jH WLgVi m
*£"*¦*?" 39 #V EllL* iii
Hnxmmt - J 1 II I U B I 1 1
IKndSfd- ¦ ¦ ¦ . 1 11 %J 9
W~.%™: ; i \m ffo ¦ II Q P
Aperfecl Remedy forConslipa- ml \S Ix
Hon.SourStoipach.Diarrhoca M \kj
Worms .Convulsions .Fcverislv 1| ' wF F#*i* finoi*
nespmd Loss of Sleep, im \JP f 0 1 U V U I
Facsimile Signature of J|
<&*#ft^ 1 Thirtw Yoarc
NEW VORKr 1 1 IIIIIIY luOlW
THt CZNTAUN COMPANY* NtW VONH Clf V*TUG TZAX.CO. FORMERLY
THE HIAWATHA, WHICH
SAILED FOR ACAJUTLA.
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15.
Sun rises 7:18
Sun sets 4:52
Moon rise* 4:52 a. m.
O ITime! "JTlme ITIme Time)
» ¦ 1 1 Ft. I Ft. I Ft. Ft.
? |H W| |L W 1H W L W|
lti 2J08 2.2 8:33 «.O 3:25 0.0 10:18 Zs
16 2:57 2.6 9:1» 6.0 4:10 0.4 U:ll 4.«
17 3:40 2.7 10:00 B.9 4:52 — 0.6 11:M> 4.7
18 4:24 2.9 10:40 fi.S 5:31 — 0.7
19 0:43 4.S 5:0S 3.111:47 5.7 6:07 —0.7
20 1:251 4.0 5:19 3.111:54 5.5 0:42—0.5
21 2:05| 4.9 0:37| 3.2 12:35 5.2 7:16—0.2
Steamer. From. | Due..
Nevadan Honolulu : IDec. 15
Chlc ° Coqullle River Dec. 16
Senator Pugct Sound Ports Dec. 15
Macklcaw Tacoma Dec. 15
Arctic Humboldt Dec. 15
Phoenix Mendocino Dec 15
Coronado San. Pedro Dec. 15
Serbia. Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec. 15
Alameda Honolulu Dec. 15
Av?'i"i Oyster Harbor Dec. 16
( hehalla San Pedro Dec 10
Coos Bay s an Pedro & Way Ports. Dec. 1H
Harracouta... x ew y ork vla Manama. Dec. 18
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Dec. 16
g lval Wlljapa Harbor Dec. 1«
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 16
Newburgr Grays Harbor Dec. 17
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Dec. 17
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 17
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec. n
Leelanaw Tacoma Dec 17
Kureka Humboldt Dec 18
Czarina Coos Bay Doc' IS
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Dec' 18
G. L4ndauer. . Portland & Astoria. . . . . Dec. 18
North Fork... Humboldt ....Dec 18
Spokane Humboldt Dec 19
J- Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 20
« onita Newport A Way Ports.. Dec. 20
j=>. ie ";a I Sydney & Way Ports.. Dec. 21
N. Maru .China & Japan... Dec. 21
Oanfa | China & Japan Dec. 21
5*i???^UV'**ir Seattle & Whatcom.... Dec. 21
G ; w - Elder.. Portland & A«oria.. .. Dec. 21
Mate of Cal... San Diego 4k Way Ports Dec. 21
Acapulco New York via Panama. Dec. 23
Wueen.... Puget Sound Ports..... Dec* 23
Oregonlan.... New York ............ Dec. 26
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
. December 15. -
T . a ,?, ua Humboldt ft am Pier -2
Alliance Kureka & Coos B. C pm Pier 18
J. lon ' la Newport & Way... 0 am Pier 11
Spokane Humboldt 1 '30 p Pier «
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
Coronado. . . Grays Harbor. . . . 4 pm pier 10
I • December 16.
Sequoia.... Grayn Harbor 4 did Pier 20
V™ co -, Ooqullle River fl pm Pier 2
Phoenix.... Mpndoclno City 1 pm Pier 13
Chehalls... Grays Harbor...... 5 pS Pltr -2
December 17. <
Abydrs Hamburg & Way.'. 12 ro Pier 1»
C!ty Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
Centennial. Seattle & Taooma. 5 n m Pier 20
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 aS p!" U
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pi»r «>
Arctic Humboldt » am Pier 2
Pomo Pt Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
December 18. ~
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Nevadan... Mono. & ICahuluI.. 12 m Pier 23
December 19. . • •
Alameda... Honolulu u am Pier 7
San Jose... I N. V. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Columbia..-! Astoria. & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. » am Pier 11
Arcata Coos B.-Pt. Orford 12 m Pier 13
December 20.
Newburg... Orays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
S. Roaa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
December 21.
North Fork. Humboldt ......... Spm Pier 20
,;¦— >,. December 92.
Doric China & Japan...'. 1 pm Pier 40
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
December 83.
G.Llndauer. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
December 24. ' -
J. Dollar. .. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
December 28.'
Barracouta. N. T. via Panama. 12 ,'m Pier 40
Rainier..... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
rROM SEATTLE
TRINIDAD, Colo., Dec. 14. — Judge
Northcott to-day refused the injunc
tion sQUght by the United Mine Work
ers to restrain the "Victor Fuel Com
pany, its officers and agents from in
any way interfering with union organ
izers who wished to visit the -coal
camps controlled by that company.
Heathdene. from Tacoma. Arrived Dec 14 —
Br stmr Gaelic, hence Nov 25.
DEAL — Passed Dec 11— Br ehlp Celtic Mon
arch, from London, for Vancouver.
SINGAPORE — Arrived prior Dec 14 — Br
etmr Lugano, from New York, for Manila.
HARWICH— Arrived Dec 13 — Fr ship Vau
ban, hence Auk 4.
PORT . SAID— Arrived Dec 13— Br stmr St.
Bede. from New York for .
MOJI— Sailed Dec 13— Ger stmr Eva, for
San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Dec 14 — Stmr Korea,
hence \ov IS. • • • -
MANZANILLO— Sailed Dec 13— Br stmr
Chlng Wq. for San Francieco.
IQUIQUE— Arrived Dec 14— Br, bark Talca.
from Liverpool. '•
NEW CALEDONIA— Arrived Dec 14— Br
bark Fifeshire. from Manila.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NAPLES — Arrived Dec 14r-Stmr Prlnzeas
Irene, from New York, and sailed for Genoa.
MOVILitE — Arrived Dec 14 — Stmr Astoria,
from New York for Glasgow, and proceeded.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Dec 14— Stmr Sar
gadena, from Genoa and Naples.
GLASGOW— Sailed Dec 14— Stnur Ontarian,
from St. John, N. B.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Dec 14 — Stmr Bluch
er, from Hamgburg and Southampton, for New
York.
NEW YOR— Arrived Dec .13— Stmr Umbria,
from Liverpool and Queenstorvn.
LIZARD— Passed Dec 14— Stmr Mesaba.
from New York for London.
Decision Favors Operators.
CHICAGO, Dec. 14. — Three facto
ries in the Fox River manufacturing
district in* Northern Illinois were shut
down to-day because their employes,
numbering nearly 1500, refused to
promise an individual agreement not
to strike. The concerns are members
of the Fox River Valley Manufactur
ers' Association, which recently start
ed a campaign to re-establish the ten
hour work day where factory hands
have been getting a full day's pay for
nine hours' work.
FAILURE TO AGREE
CAUSES SHUT-DOWN
Factories - In Illinois Close Because
Employes Refuse to Promise
Not to Strike.
Lancaster. Pa., Dec. 14. — wii
liam Mayme, superintendent of the
insane asylum here, was killed to-day
by Thomas Fox, a patient, who
brained the official with a poker.
Patient Kills Superintendent.
SAN JUAN. Porto Roco. Dec. 14. —
The International Cigar Factory was
closed to-day, all the employes going
out on strike in sympathy with the
striking breva makers. Several thou
sand men are out elsewhere on the
island and a Ions strike seems certain.
Strike in Porto Rico.
TELLURIDE, Colo., Dec. 14.— The
Miners' Union has voted to continue
the strike in this district until a settle
ment on an eight-hour basis is reached
with mine and mill managers. The
managers say they will not recognize
the union or srant its demands. It is
unlikely that a settlement will be made
this winter.
Miners' Union Favors Strike.
The transport Sherman, which is now
due, will probably arrive early this^
morning. She brings the Thirteenth In
fantry, which -will sojourn at the post
for a sufficient time to be equipped
with clothing for the rigorous clime of
the different posts it is assigned to.
The headquarters band and two bat
talions will go to Fort Crook, Nebras
ka: two. companies will go to Fort Lo
gan, Colorado, and the remaining two
companies are ordered to proceed to
Reno, Oklahoma. The two engineer
companies, which are also on the Sher
man,' will go to the Washington, D. C,
barracks.
The first game of the series was
played yesterday with the Tenth In
fantry team as the visitors' opponents
on the grounds of the General Hospital
building. A great crowd of officers and
enlisted men was present and impar
tially cheered the good plays made by
the visitors and the home team. The
score was 20 to 7 in favor of the Tenth.
To-day the visitors will cross bats
with the Ninth Cavalry and to-morrow
they will meet the Thirteenth Infantry.
Later in the week they will tackle the
post team.
Target practice with the big guns
began at the Presidio early' yesterday
morning and was continued until 1
o'clock. This Is the final practice for
the year. Among the officers who went
out to direct operations were Colonel
Morris, the commandant of the post;
Captain W. A. Covington, Major A.
Todd and Major W. E. Birkhimer, the
artillery inspector of the department.
It was very foggy In the early morn
ing and^for a, time it seemed as if the
practice would have to be postponed,
but suddenly the fog lifted sufficiently
to enable bearings to be taken and the
day's work was generally conceded to
be eminently successful.
Lieutenant L. S. Edwards has been
detailed to take charge of the tug and
target during the direct fife batteries
practice, Lieutenant Sypher for the
rapid-fire practice and Lieutenant
Long will have change of the mortar
practice.
The practice will continue during the
week.
Occasionally when one of the big
guns was flred the buildings in the post
shook.' ( :'
The Fifteenth 'infantry baseball team
arrived from Ord Barracks, Monterey,
on Sunday and are quartered at the
post. Captain Clark R. Elliott, the
manager of the team, who came up
with it, Is registered at the Occidental
Hotel.
"WOODLAND. Dec. 14.— Thomas Hext.
a pioneer of Yolo County, died at his
home near Davlsville Saturday night.
He ccme .to Yolo in 1S54, and had lived
with his brother Richard, who died
about a month ago.
A large landed estate, consisting of
1450 acres of farming land, is left to a
brother and sister in the East. Both
Richard and Thomas Hext were bache
lors. Just nrior to the death of the
former, the latter deeded all the prop
erty to him, thinkinc that he would
survive, as Thomas was then an in
valid and Richard was apparently in
good heaith.
Richard died suddenly Intestate, leav
ing Thomas without property. His
death, however, make3 it all right, as
the property would eventually have
gone to his Eastern heirs in any event.
Pioneer Who Possessed Much
Wealth Makes a Transfer
That Reduces Him to Poverty
Fifteenth Infantry Baseball
' Team Beaten by Tenth Infan
try Team in Opening Game
EXPECT SHERMAN TO-DAY
FERTILE ACRES FOR HEIRS
Passing of Two Aged "Brothers
in Yolo County Enriches
Their Relatives in the East
Projectiles Fall Sufficiently
Close to Big Target to Give
Confidence in the Marksmen
PRACTICE WITH
THE BIG GUNS
DEATH ADJUSTS
AN OWNERSHIP
The itearaer City of Para, which sailed on
Saturday for Panama and way ports, carried
cargo for Mexico, valued at $2721; Central
America, $35.04"; Panama. $1504; Colombia,
$33fc: New York, $24,200; Holland, $5400; Ger
many. <2195; Barbadoes Island. $840; Jamaica,
$3X9. The leading exports were as follows:
To Mexico — 34$ gals wine. 52 cs salmon, 10
pkgs groceries and provisions, 1540 lbs cocoa,
13 pkgs fresh fruit. :i cs canned goods, 276 lbs
meals, 290 lbs dried fruits, 298 lbs nuts, 6 pkgs
potatoes, 1 cs mineral water. 5 pkgs machinery,
100 bolter tubes. 52 pes pipe, 7 coils rope, 11,933
ft lumber, 4 cs shoe finding?, 908 bdls snooks,
10 bdls wire, 2 es electrical supplies.
To - Central America— 2195 . bbls fiour, 1748
— .-. . - 1 •
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
The fteamer Queen sailed 1 on Saturday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandlje cargo
consigned to the port of destination and the
principal British Columbian ports, valued at
$r_'232 and Including the I following:
355 pkgs fruits. 45 pkgs fresh vegetable*, 32.
110 lbs malt. 022 gals 10 c» wine. 2<J cs whisky.
1211 lbs chocolate. 51 pkgs. groceries and pro
visions *900 lbs meals. 5144 lbs beans, 125 lbs
nuts. 14.440 lbs raisins, 37.075 lba dried fruit.
113 cs canned good*. 1563 lbs coffee. 4 rolls
leather, SIS lbs leaf tobacco. lOOtlns matches.
58 *ks plumbago. 211 lbs wax, 6 cs electrical
mpplles, 8 pkgs machinery. 1 drum acid. 122
pkgs Iron 18 pkgs arms and ammunition, 4
pkgs drugs.
Exports for the Xorth.
Shipping Merchants.
The French bark Marechal de Turenn© fat
Port Lo» Angeles) is chartered for wheat from
Portland to Europe at 17s 3d.
Mntters of Interest \ to Marines and
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
The Pacific Mall Company's big .lner Ko
rea. Captain Seabury, arrived at Hongkong
yesterday, three days ahead of schedule time. ¦
The China Commercial Comuany'B Chins
Wo left Manzanillo yesterday for this port.
The Japanese liner Nippon Maru left Hono
lulu at » o'clcck yesterday morning and should
arrive htro Sunday.
Water Front Xotea.
The steamship Oanfa, which Is du« here
next Sunday with a cargo from Japan for
the Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany, will be the biggest tramp ever In this
port. The Pacific Mall Company's freighter
Algoa is quite a famous carrier, hat the Oan>
fa's capacity Is considerably greater. The Algoa
can carry 11.000 tons of dead weight or 15.OW
tons If calculated by measurement. The Oanfa
takes 13.000 tons dead weight or by measure
ment 18,000 tons. •-»- -
The Diggest Freighter.
All leather goods lettered in gold free
of charge. Sanborn, Veil & Co.. 741 Mar
ket st. •
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 14.— The trial
of Ifraac Gravelle, charged with send
ing threatening letters to Northern Pa
cific officials in connection with the
dynamite outrages on that road during
September and October, began in the
District Court to-day. Just before ad
journment a jury was sworn and to
morrow the taking of evidence will be
gin. There arc about one hundred wit
nesses \\ ho have been eubpenaed.
Gravelle's Trial Begins.
The carrying away of seme chain tackle on
the Kosmos liner Abydcs yesterday caused th«
serious Injury of three longshoremen. The
men hurt were: John Gregorica. 122 Howard
street; Philip Riley. 141 Converse -etreet, and
Thomas Goodwin, 231 Greenwich street. Gre
gorica had his right arm broken and his back
badly bruised. Riley was pretty badly cut up
and Goodwin's left ankle was fractured. All
three were more or less hurt Internally. The
men were engaged in rigging a coal chute to
one of the side ports of the Abydos. A chain,
holding a section of the chute, parted. The
falling section swept the three men from the
chute. They fell on the deck of a cargo
barge moored alongside. Ready hands picked
up the Injured men and cared for them on
Union street wharf until the arrival of the
Harbor Hospital ambulance.
Stevedores Hurt, on Abydos.
riTTSBURG. Dec. 14. — The Car
negie Steel Company Is taking ad
vantage of the iron market to take Its
big blast furnaces out of blast In
Braddork, Rankin and Duquesne, for
rebuilding and repairing. Within the
past week cr ten days three furnaces
have been taken out of blast at the
Edgar Thompson plant and another
will go out within the next two or
three days.
Rcmovins Blast Furnace.
A little company of hard-working Greek
fishermen awoke yesterday morning to find
that their boat, which they had left snugly
moored In the cove near Melggs wharf,
had disappeared. The benefit- the thieves may
derive from the boat will lie insignificant com
pared with the hardships the lota means to
the fishermen. The boat was fully equipped
and had on board nets and other fishing gear
which, with the craft, represented the united
savings for many months of the owners. The
boat resembled a score of others, Its individ
ualities being visible only to the professional
eye. It was- painted blue and eheathed with
copper. It was 23 feet long and 8 leet beam.
Thieves Steal Flshlns* Boat.
The little tug Txalco. which galled yesterday
for Acajutla, carried no cook. The vessel ie
small and the prospective voyage not unlikely
to be more or lets fraught with peril. Several
cooks were engaged, but on? look at the little
tug eatlxfled them one by one that Idleness
ashore was preferable to full command of
the Tzalco's toy galley. They were willing to
work, but had not lost anything of . ouch
exciting possibilities aa a cruise on the Tzalco
promised. At the last moment It w*« decided
to sail without a cook, the four men of the
tug agreeing to divide the cook'a work and
pay among themselves. Captain Frederick
Miller, formerly of the steamship Enterprise,
is in command of the, Tzalco and has with him
G«>rg<? F. White, mate: M. Shannon, chief en
gineer: B. H. Cashing, assistant engineer.
TTie. Tzalco. formerly the tug Hiawatha, has
been Durcha»?d by a Halvador firm and 'will
be used at Acajutla for towing coffee barges.
To Divide Duties of Cook.
sals 72 cs wine. 440 lbs candy. 70 cs whisky. 2
cs alcohol, f.8,649 lbs rice, 13 pkgs paste, 740 lbs
tea, 1G94 lbs raisins, 250 lbs 4 of meals, 4S0 lbs
lard, 0002 lbs spices. 20 pkgs table preparations,
C8 cu canned goods, A3 pkgs onions, 177 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 60 pkgs fresh fruits,
606 pkgs potatoes. 338 lbs codfleh, 103 ctls bar
ley. 24S lbs beans, 71 cs salmon. 620 lbs dried
fruit, 20 bales hay. 16 ctls oats, 2188 ft lumber,
f*5 lla«kR quicksilver, 221*4 lbs serin . 8 cs blast
ing fuse, 24.80tf lbs tallow. 52 pk*s ironware.
30 bbls cocoanut oil, 5 cs electrical supplies, 3
cyls ammonia, W5 pkgs machinery. 11 bdls pip*.
44,000 lbs cement, 77 pkgs paints and 'oils, 28
pkes paper, 105 cs coal oil. 12 rolli wire fenc
ing, 20 kegs nails, o bbls tar, 33 pkgs dry goods,
50 cs matches, 3 cs bicycles and sundries, 400
lbs roeln. 11 pkgs car material, 4480 lbs sul
phur, li bales bag*. 4 bdls leather. 8 colls rope.
To Panama— S8 cs canned Roods, 200 bbls
flour, 40 errs onions, 200 cs soap, 398 lbs soda,
1 reel wire rope, 3 csolls, 11 cs hardware, 2 cs
coffee.
To Colombia — 75 bbls flour.
To New York— 27.C20 gals wine, 1800 cs
canned fruits. 730 c* salmon, 10.750 lbs dry
hides. S3 bales skins. 25 eks horns. 60 bales
rags.
To Holland— 143,482 lbs dried prune*.
To Germany— 84,700 lbs dried - prunes, 100 cs
canned i-nlnion.
To Barbadot-s Island— 250 cs canned salmon.
To Jamaica— 110 cs canned salmon.
The steamer also carried 1946 lbs lard, val
ued at $1ST>. en route to New Caledonia- 1 bbl
canned fruits, valued at 540, for England, and
J cs canned goods, valued at |10, for Trieste.
Austria. .
3£ovcments of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Two British barks, both overdue, one
of them a 65 per center and heavily
played by local speculators "not to ar
rive," reached their respective destina
tions yesterday. The Talca, out 160
days from Liverpool, and reinsured at
SO per cent, reached Iquique. There was
not much speculation on the Talca, but
on the other overdue that arrived, the
British bark Fifeshire, the play was
very heavy. She was out 130 days
from Manila for New Caledonia, was
quoted at 65 per cent and to the wise
among the reinsurance experts looked
a certain goner. She was played almost
exclusively "not to arrive."
The arrival of these vessels reduces
the overdue list to four, quoted for re
insurance as follows: Paris, 70 per
cent; La Bruyere, 45 per cent; Olive
bank, 15 per cent, and Michele Bianchl,
per cent.
The decision is that reversing the
case of the State vs. William Bonner,
which holds that an information is
sued by a circuit attorney must be
sworn to by prosecuting witnesses in
# the case and that circuit attorneys or
prosecuting attorneys could swear to
information only from personal knowl
edge of the facts.
The case against E. J. Arnold,
charged with grand larceny, was one
of those affected. This case, ¦which was
called for Monday, will have to go over
to the next term. Eight larceny, bur
gliry and assault cases were similarly
treated.
Folk notified Judge McDonald of the
Criminal Division of the Circuit Court,
and proceedings were stopped in all
cases Effected. Nine cases were wiped
eff the docket and the witnesses sent
to the Grand Jury room, there to give
Information upon which to base in
dictments to take the place of the In
valid informations.
Charles F. Kelly, former Speaker of
the House of Delegates, convicted of
perjury in connection with the Subur
ban franchise boodle deal, sentenced to
two year? in the penitentiary.
s John P. Schnettlcr, bribery. Suburban
franchise, four years.
J. J. Henniean. bribery. Suburban
franchise, five years.
J. A. Sheridan, bribery, Suburban
franchise, five years.
T. E. Albright, bribery, Suburban
franchise, five years.
Charles A. Gutke, bribery. Suburban
franchise, five years.
Edmund Berseh, bribery. Suburban
franchise, five years.
J. Denny, bribery. Suburban fran
chise, five years.
Louis Becker, perjury. Suburban
franchise, four years.
Harry Faulkner, perjury. Suburban
franchise investigation, three years.
AFTER STEW INDICTMENTS.
All rf th*> cases are before the Su
preme Court on appeal and the records
show that each case was tried on in
formation supplied by the Circuit At
torney 0:1 his official oath. They fol
low:
ST. LOUTS. Dec. 14.— Notification of
a rlp^ision of the Missouri Supreme
Court, which brings Into question the
legality of hundreds of arrests and
convictions recently made on Informa
tions in St. Louis, and which, accord
ing t<» Circuit Attorney Folk, opens the
doors of the penitentiary, through writs
of hahras corpus, to many others, was
received here to-day by that official.
In the list of capes which, under the
rtxllnj of th<. cart, could be affected
rfter tho plea of illegal arrest was
raised are the majority of the Subur
ban franchise boodle convictions.
It was said by a well known lawyer
to-day thct the statute of limitations
in those rapes expired last November
and lhat Sf the present charges against
th*> accused men should be found de
fective it wffjld be impossible to bring
new indictments against them.
IJST OF THK LUCKY ONES.
Opinion Holds That Attorneys
Can nor Swear to Complaints
Except on Own Knowledge
El.'KOR OF PROSECUTORS
Missouri Supreme Court Suling
Ma.v Give Freedom to a Num
ber of Convicted Boodlers
DECISION OPENS
PRISON GATES
TWO OVERDUE BRITISHERS
REACH THEIR DESTINATION
One of Them, the Fifeshire, Was Quoted it Sixty-five Per
Cent, and Local Speculators Who Played Her Not
to Arrive Will Lose Heavily on Their Investment
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALli, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1903.
Steamer.' - For • Sails.
Al-Kl....... . Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 15
Santa Ann. . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 16
Cottage City.. Rkagway & Way Ports. Dec 18
Valencia Skagway Direct Dec.,25
Farallon...... Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 26
San, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic , Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waten
at Fort > Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. .'.
NOTE.— The high and low waters. occur at
the city ' front (Mission -street wharf) about 25
HONOLULU— Arrived. Dec .43— Bark W. B.
Flint, hence Nov 18; ' Jap stmr , Nippon '. Maru,
from China and; Japan, for San .Francisco. . •
. Sailed .-Dec: 14 — Jap stmr Nippon Maru, for
San Francisco.; . • ¦¦¦-'.'. ' ' * .
FOREIGN PORTS.
TENERIFFE— Arrived Nov 22 — Ger stair
Naupalla,- from Hamburg, -and -sailed for San
Francisco. • -. . t ..¦•.. , -.-... .-. - <¦ ¦¦¦
:¦-. HOSTE— Passed Dec 12— Ger- stmr Amasis,
from Valparaiso, • for -Hamburg.-' - ' • • •'
-TOKOHAMA— Arrived 'Nov - 26— Br itmr
UN ALASKA. Dee. 14.— Sailed Nov 22— Tug
Tyee, with stmr. Meteor in tow; for . Seattle,
and passed. Rolkofskl Nov 25. .
DOMESTIC PORTS. f
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived Dec 13 — Schr
Bainbridge, from ' San Pedro-; Br bark Fleur
de Lls. trom Honolulu.
TACOMA— Arrived Dee 14— Schr W. F.
Wltzemann, from San Pedro.. .
Sailed Dec 14 — Bktn Lahalna, for San Fran
cisco. ¦
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 13 — Schr Fortuna,
hence Dec 0; bktn James Johnson, hence Dec
e; stmr Pasadena. ' from San Pedro; Ptmr Po
mona, hence Dec li.'. Arrived Dec 14 — Stmr
MarshflelJ, hence . Dec 11; stmr South Bay.
hence Dec 12; stmr North Fork, hence Deo 12.
Sailed Dec 13 — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cleco. Sailed Dec 14 — Stmr Westport. for San
Francisco; bktn Benlcia, .for Auckland.
Sailed Dec • 14 — Stmr Arctic, for San Fran
cisco. • -•¦¦.-• •¦ .¦¦'•¦• '•" ' >
REDONDO — Arrived Dec 14— Schr Com
merce, from Wlnslow.
Sailed Dec 14— Schr Forester, for Astoria.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 14— Schr Sadie,
from Umpqua; stmr Coos Bay, hence Dec 11.
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 14 — Stmr Montara.
for San Francisco. •
COOS BAY— -Arrived Dec 13 — Stmr Czarina,
hence Dec 10. Arrived Dec 14 — Stmr Signal,
Dec 12. . '¦¦¦-. •
COOS BAT— Arrived 'Dec "14— Stmr Empire,
hence Dec 1". ¦ - .
TATOOSH— Passed in Dec 14— Br stmr Wye
field, hence Dec 11 for Nnnalmo; stmr Aztec,
hence Dec 11 for Tacoma; stmr Queen, hence
Dec 12 for Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Passed out Dec 14 — Stmr Montara, from
Seattle for San Franci.«co.
' 8AN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 14— Stmr Homer,
hence Dec 12. ¦ . • -
Sailed Dec . 14-^Stmrs . Chehalli, .- Coos Bay.
and Coronado, for San Francisco. - .
PORT-. LUDLOW— Sailed' Dec ¦- 14— Ger bark
Nlobe, .for. Cork. / - ¦ ¦'-- , • . .
SEATTLE: — Arrived . Dec 14— Stmr James
Dollar.- hence Dec "10; stmr' Hawaiian, hence
Dec 11; stmr Rainier, . hence Dec -11. * ¦¦
-. Sailed L>ec 14 — SJ.mr Montara, for- San Fran
cisco; stmr Dolphin.'for Skagway. ; . ..
PORT, JTOWNSEND— Arrived Deo 14— Br
ship Pass of Balmaha, hence Nov 28. • ¦ -
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Dec 5 14— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Dec 13. . -. - .-¦
FARALLON , ISLAND— Passed Dec. 14. 4:80
p m — Bktn' Irmgard, from - Honolulu, - for San
Francisco.-- ,: ¦ ' ..'"¦•-• >.- - " '• •• •
CRESCENT . CITY— Sailed Dec 13, 4 p m—
Stmr • Mandalay, • for San Franclaco.
. • .\ . ISLAND PORTS. .
MISCELLANEOUS.
POINT LOBO9. Dec. 14, 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind northeast, velocity 16 miles per
hour. - .
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Sunday, December 13.
Sal stmr Tzalco, Miller, Acajutla.
,-. Monday, December 14.
Stmr George "W.. Elder, Randall, Astoria'.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Olympic, Hanscn. -Falrhaven.
Etmr RVdondo, Krog, San Pedro.
Schr Newark. . Relnertsen. Stewarts Point.
Stmr. Santa Barbara. Zaddart, Seattle.
. Stmr South Coast, Olsen, Caspar.
. Stmr Santa Monica, Olson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Gualala, Hanscn, Bowens -Landing.
Stmr Brunswick, Johnson, .. Fort Bragg.
Stmr W. II. Kruger. Ahlln,
Stmr Brooklyn, Walvlg, Mendocino.
Br . ship Bldston Hill, Jones, Port Town
send.
Shipping Intelling-ence.
ARRIVED,
Sunday, December 13.
Ptmr Pa nf a Barbara, Zaddart, 24 hours
from San Pedro.
Stmr Redondo. • Krog, 24 hours, from Eureka,
bound south, put in to land passengers.
8tmr Edith, Hall, 104 hours from Tacoma.
Stmr Coqullle River, Dart, 40- hours from
San Pedro.
Etmr W. H. . Kniger, Ahlln, 38 hours from
Redondo.
Etmr Santa Cruz, Alberts, 19 ' hours from
Moss Landing:.
Monday, December 14.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr San : Pedro, Peterson, 76 hours from
Aberdeen.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 13 , hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 40 hours
from San Diego.
CLEARED.
Monday, , December 14.
Etmr Bonlta, Glelow, • San Pedro, Pacific
Coast Steamship Company. ".-.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p.
m.. Greenwich time. 3. C. BURNETT, ,
¦> lieutenant TJ. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch HydrogTnphlc Office, • U. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
December 14 - ¦ ¦ -•
NOTE. — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the. left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when th*re are but three tides, aa
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the hejght. and then the number
given ts subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
12
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
? THE CHRISTMAS - CALL, J I
¥ A NUMBER OF SURPASS- t
? ING ATTRACTIVENESS, ?
? AVILL BE ISSUED NEXT ± \
J SUNDAY, DECEM- \ ±\
¦j:> BER 20/ I
* • Place Your Orders Now • *
The moot distlngraished and T
* * BumptnouB paper of the Yulotide. T
* * Xts brilliant pares contain contri- ,
}-i4. tout Ions from many leadinr writers ***i
. . of the day. and the strikingly ». i
j. characteristic work of its staff
. . contributor* Trill make It a, truly 4.
4. deliffhtf ul and intereattnir paver. J .
¦.. "With thi« issue will, be present- . .
.. ed, absolutely free of charge, . . !
. . "Decorating for thr Party," that £
v charmiatr picture by Bryson/ "Doc- .'.
.. oratinjr for the Party" Is another 4*
v of . the popular. ¦ Gold . Series, and. •
.. like its companion pieces, "Se- •!*
..; dorah." "Admiration" and "At the 4*
— , Op.era," will adorn . the • walla of 1- !
-I* . many of the homes of the ¦ Great v
••West. . V . . 4.
•*. ITewsdealers and asrents will do .4*
* • well to order . early, as the supply »J*
* Is limited, X
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses.
. Get Pears' for economy
and cleanliness.
Sold all over th.e world. '
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at !> :."{<> a. m., tfcxonffli In 3 day*,
with diner and all trapping*.
Other Santa 7e Traini:
T :H0 a. m. 1 t or Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld,
»:30 a. m. V M erced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
S:UO p. m.J
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrriCE — 641 Market St.. and
Perry Depot, S. P. Al«o Ilia Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
T_iE3SSEjH3
SAN FRANCISCO ANu NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COKPAWY.
Tlbnron Perry, root of Market Street.
3AH PKAZVCXSCO TO SAK BA7A2L.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 0:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:34.
3:30, 5:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
Saturdays-^-Extra. trip at 1:60 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:SO, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30. 6:00. «:20, 11:30 p. m. .
, a. m.: 12:50. 3:4O. 5:00. 5:20 p. m. ¦
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:0O. »:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. ro.
Leave I In Effect J Arrive
Ban Francisco. f Sept. 27. 1003. [San Frandscx
Week J Sun- I Destina- J Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ( tlon. | days. [ Days.
7-nOa S-O0a 0:10a 8:40a
7>M 0:30 a Ijnaclo. 10:40*10:20.
3:30 p 3:30 p «:«» P « :2 « P
6:10 p 5.00 p »:^ap
tw 0:10 a S:40a
* 800 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:2O a
3-30 p 9:30 a Petaluma B:«i5 p «:2O ?
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
6:00 p Santa Rosa.
-.30,1 ~ 10:40 a 10:20 a
fs-OOa Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p| 3:20 p
-•no a 8-00 a Healdsbur'r. 10:40 a 10:20 a
" | Lytton.
3-30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
" f Cloverdale^ '-':.
-•30 at 800 si Kopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
a!30 p| 1:30 p{ «nd Uklah. | 7:33 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a[ Wllllta. \ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7-30 al SOOal 110:40 a|10:2O*
3:30 P | 3:30 p| Oueroevllle. \ 7:35 p| B.20 p
7-30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. ) 0:10 al 8:40 a
k 10 pi 5:00 p| Olen Ellen. [ 6:03 p( «:20 p
7:30al S:00al- ~ " )l»:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p| SebastopoL ~ I . :35 p| t:2v> p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
BDrlnKS- at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
gorlngs- at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Oey-
servllle for Skaggs Sprlnss: at Clovtrrtale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
Wt and Bartlett Springs; at Uktah for Vichy !
Borings, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
r>«ll Lake. Wlttei Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
i Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lleriys.
BuekneU'i. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr-a
Hot Springs. Halfway Houee. Obmptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, llendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Wes'port. t'sal: at Wllllta for Fort Brail
Westport. Sherwood. Cah to. Cbvello. Layton-
¦vllle Curnmlngs. Bell s Springs. Harris. Ol-
aen's. Dyer. Garbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia
Saturday to Sunday round. trip tickets at re-
duced rate*. ¦
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. ChronlcU
bU H?cf WHITINO. .. K. X RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
PosiUvely enred toy these
Iattle I»iUs.
They also relieve Dlctrcrofrom Dyspepsia,
Indigcsiiba and Too Il earty EatIn C . A per-
. feet rcm-dy for Doziness, Xausca, Dro^sl-
J acss. Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
¦ Paia la the Side, TORT1D LI\*ER. They
I Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. small Dose.
Small Price.
BAILWAY TRAVEL
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
1 rains leave* ttml art* «l tic to *»rrl v« aft
SAN FKANC1.1CO.
(Mala Llae. Foot of Market Street ) < -^
Li»»i — Fkom XoTmaiaa. lnoa. — ai»it»~
7.C3a VscartUe. WlDters. Kamser 7.55/
7.0J* BeBieis, Sulsan. Elmlrsaaa Sacrv
meoto 7-2S*'
7-33* VftUejo. Sap*, Callstnz*. Santa
Rou, Martinez, San itamon 3 -2>*
7-30 v Nlles. Llvermore. Tracy. Latarop.
Stockton 7-2S*
8.03a Shattn Express— (Via I>*tU'.
William* (for n«rt!ett Springs*.
wi"nw». tKrato. Uert Bla3.
Portland. Tacoma. Sesttla 7-SSr
8 COa Darls. Woodland. Knights Laodtag.
UarysTllle. Oro»llle 7.55»
833« Port Costa, Martinez. Antloca.
Byron» Tracr. Stocltton. New-
man. Lot i'Ihqih. Mendot*.
Araiona, nanfurd. Vlsalla,
Portervllle 4.23*
8-50* Port Costa, Martinez, Tracr. Latb-
rop. Modesto. Xferct-C Fresno.
Go«hen Junction. 11 an ford.
Vlsslla. Bafcersdeld 4.5S»
8 JO* SliPi. San Jose, LlTcrmore. Sf^clC-
ton. (tMIUon). lone. Saerameoto.
P!aeerrllla. MarysTllle. Ctlleaw
Red Blaff 4.291*
•-SO* Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
p.ori. Taolosine and Anje!* 4 23i»
9 03* Atlantic Ex press— Ogden aad E»«t. 11.25*
8 30* Richmond, Martinez and Way
Stations 6-SSp
1000a The Orerland Limited — Ogdea.
Denver. Onaaba, Chicago 8 25*
1000a Vallejo 12.25*
10.00* Los Angeles Pa»»ea(jer — Port
Costa. Martinet. Byron. Tracy,
Lnthrop. Stockton, Merced.
IttTinonl. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion, Hnnfo'd, Lemoore, Vlsalla.
-Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 7rV
If. CO" Haywsrcl. Nllea and Way Stations. .3.25^
fi-flOr Sacramento ltlrer Steamer* 111.03*
t-SOr Bonicia. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knlghf* Laadtns;.
Marys*11!c. Orofllle and way
stations *2'?*
t-SOr nayward.NMles and Way Stations.. 763»
J.Mp Tort Costa. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto,
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Pors Costs 12-2S*
I 30p Martinez. Tracy. Stockum. I.oJl... 10-23*
4 C0^ Martlnes.SsnlUmon.ValleJo.Sapa,
CalUtosra. K»nt»Ko*a. 9 25*
4 OOP Nile*. Tra<-T. Stockton. I.odl 4.25P
4 30r Hayward. Ntles. Irrlnston. San I 1D.5S*
Jose. Ltrermore I til. 53*
SCO* Tbe Owl Limited— Newm«a. Los
Banos. Mendota, Fresno. Tulare.
BakersfleM. Los Angsles 8 55*
S.COr Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton 1225*
t& 3O Hiww»rrt, Nlles and San June . 725*
6-OOf Hayward.NIIcs and San .lose 9-35*
S-CQk Eastern Express — OfCden. Uearer.
Omaha. St. Louis. Cbleaso and
Kaat. Port Costa, licnir'.a. Rui-
son. Elmlrri, Dav<«, Saeramenti.
Koeklln. Auburn. Colfax,
Trnckee, Does, Heno. Wads-
worth, Wtnnemucca 5 Jw
t.OOF Vallcjo, dally. *xcept Sunday I 7 .•.
7.00* Vallejo. Sunday only f • *»¦"
7 OOr ltirhmond, 8an Pablo. Port Costa.
Martin*! and Way Stations 11.25a
tflSr Oregon * California Express— Sse-
ramento, Maryavllle. neddlng,
Portland. Pnget Sot:nd and East. 8.55a
$.1 Or Day ward. Nlles and Saa Jose (Sua-
dayonly) 11SS»
COAST LINE (->arr»w ««ase).
(Foot of Murlcet Street.) _^
8.16a Kewark. Center-rHle. 8nn Jo*e.
Felton. Boulaer . Creek. Sants,
Crux and Way Stations 6-55'
tf Mr Kewark, CenterTtlle. San Jose.
New Almnden.Los Gato«.?e:toa.
Boalder Creek, Santa, Crux and
Principal Way Stations t10 53*
416* Kewark. San Jose, Los Uatos and } +8-6S*
waysution* ........' :1O 55 *
•930* Humters Train. Saturday only. Saa
Jose and Way Statlona. Return-
1 Ing from Loa Gatos Sunday only. t7 2S>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KUAMCISCO. Fout of Market 8t. <311n<>
— ti:13 t:GO U:(X) a.m. 1.00 300 515 r.u.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1»:00 »:»
18:05 10:00 a.m. 12 CO 200 400 r.M.
COAST LINE (Broad Usage).
tV (Third »n-t Townsend Streets.)
8-10* San Jose and Way Stations 833*'
700* San Jose and Wxy Stations B.58*
8 00a New Almarten (Tues.. Frid., only), 4-1 If
• 00* Coast Line Limited— Stopsonly Saa
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hol-
llster), Pajaro. C«strov!!!e. Sa>
Mnas. San Ardo. Paso Roblea,
' BantaMargartta,SanLulsObtsp^.
Principal stations tbenee Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at Castrorllle to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grore 19.43*
•.00a San Jose, Tres Plnos. Capltola.
8antaCrnx.Pae!ScftroTe.S*Ilnaa.
8an Luis Obtspo and Principal
Way Stations 4.10*
10-30* San Jose and Way Stations 1.23»
1140a Santa Clara. Ban Jose, Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30 '
UO San Jose and Way SUtlons t-SS*
4X0j" Pacific OroreKxpress— SantaClarS)
San Jc«f, Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grore (connects at SantA
Clara for SantA Crux, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for Holllster, Tres
Plnos. st CastrnrlUe for Salloas. 12.15*
3-30* Tres Plnos Way Passenger {TO. 45a
14 461* ban Jose, (via Santa Clara) Los
Gatoa, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Bandar) tH 12*
1530r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 18.03a
S.tOi" 8anset Limited.— Kedwood, Saa
Jose, GllroT.SallDacPajo Kobles,
Saa Luis Obispo, Santa Barhara,
Los Angeles. Demlsg. El P»»o.
New Orleans. New Tork. Con-
nects at Pajaro for SantA Crus
and at Castrortlln for Pacific '
OroTe and Way Stations. v-..-- 710*
1S.16J" SanMateo.Beresford.Belmont.Saa
Carles. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto tS.4ft*.
F.?Cr San Jose and Way Stations 8.33*
11 .30* Sonrh San Francisco, M (librae. Bur-
llnenme. San Mateo. Belmont,
ban Carlos. UMwood. Fair Oaks,
Mealo Pari. and Pitlo Alto 3.45*
¦11.30* MsySelii. Mountain View. Sunny-
ra!e, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jose }3.45i»
A for Morning. Pfor Afiernooa
1 Sunday only.
< Stop* at all stations on Sssday.
iBnnday exceptcd. . a Saturday only.
tVOnly taain* stopping at Valencia St. aoatht>o«a4
tre»:10A.X., 7:00a.m.. lt:SO*.J«., 3:^>r a. and *:30p.«,
|£&^g*g|jTO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
I^^M^^' *^- L GALLEY,
|^^^^g!jCA2ADER0, ETC.
Suburban bervtce. Standard Cause Electric —
Depart Jrom San Franclwu DaUy—7 ':w. SWK
»:w». lt):W). ll;w>«. m.. l^r^O. 1:*3, J:13. -»:ia.
613 U15. T:OO. 8:*5. 10:2W. 11:43 p. m.
KKOM SAN KAKAEL.TOSAN* FKA.NCl^CO
— Dal'v— 6—a. «::t3. «":*O. 8:U3» 0:3&, 11:03 s.
m.. lii:2O. 1:43. U:». 3;*i. 4:». i:W. e:l3.
8-45. lU'.SO P-' «n.
-FROM MILL, V ALLEY TO SAX FRAN-
CISCO-D«U>-5:«. « :5 *>,, 7: 5 2 - n , 8 i 53 -, » :M «.
11:20 a. m.. li:». 2W. 3:13. 4:05. O:US. «.o4,
7 05 0:00. 10::^i i<. m. •'-
T1IROCOII THAIXS. ...
8:00 a. m. djlly — Ca»»(J»ro and way stations.
6:13 p. m. wevk >!.i>h (Saturdays «xc*pted>—
Tomales and nay statiolts.
3:13 p. m. Saturdays — Oaradero and way sta-
tions. .
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Keyes aad
way stations. . ¦^~-
T1CKKT OFFICE— CTC Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market St.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tia Si'isaUta ferry Amve
SanFrandaco fast »f Mirttm San Prtnclxo
Weei Sou- fja Sun- '.Veeic
Day*. jhy?_ /^K^Y^SSl. <fav< Days.
•1li8i»"«:Oi»A &&«£%&& 12:O5rfd740i
*1:45p »:OOa ga>SacB3mi lrJSr J:J»c .
6:15p 1O:OOa f »:5(>p 5:3Or
11:OOa l^^S®^ 4:5Or t'.SOr
tsMsrt wj'juttyt fcf * Myesated TOry tkay
TICllT 1 626 Makxst ST..(Xonh Shore Railroad)
0m:i3 I and Savsauto Fk&kv, Foot Markat 3*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BIENNIAL STATEMENT
The San 1 Francisco
Savings Union
AT SAM FRANCISCO. CAL
H-h DECEMBER, 1903.
SH0WIN6 UKCLAIHED DEPOSITS.
In accordance v.Hh Chapter CLIV of an act
to compel (savings banks to publish a sworn
t :¦.:¦¦•...¦ r.t of all unclaimed deposits (approved
Mafv.li iau3), the following statement Is '
t-ubmitted from our books at close of bus'ness
en the above date, viz.:
Name and Last Known Residence or
l'cfctolfK-e Address— Amount.
liasttT. William li., HuinbcMt Bar uuou
Kureka « 4 3 4 « 5 ;
liickel. William, Anpels Camp. Cal!! 450 73
J lafgiT-er. William. Columbia. Cal 159 -»«
l»unphy. William II.. San Kranclsco.. «»07 94
Trench. Jarces, Star.jan St.. near
Grattan, Tranclsco 51 30
GugH*>lmi..ftto. Vtppasiano, No 709 >
Htocktcn ft.. S. K 69 *S
Hstrler. Mrs. Adelaide, Tr.. No *if)7
Austin si.. S. V ' - 4 a,
HatWck. Sli*s Mary. No. 4M lir> : ant '¦
St.. S. I" r - „„
Holt. Mrs. Anna. No. 200 Stockton I
sit.. S. !¦". ••--•-.-................ "fjo o« t
Kennedy. Wiliiair.. Alameda Co Cal' I'liion 1
l.lttlt. Mrr. fiara C. Seaside. Cal 76 40
M.J'heiEon. Ji>hn R. # New Washington
Hotel. H. K 129 's
O'Conuor. Miss llote E.. International "
Ho" 1 !, e. F 159-2
Parrons. '"hari^s G.. Honolulu H. T 2 323 ru
Spiller. Mre. Annie M.. No. 32 Sixth
t-trr-et. S. V ISO 4?
Stapleton. Joseph. No. 1C2 Perr>- St..
R. F 1 91 85
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
City and County of San Franclteo u.
'. do solemnly swezr that I have a persona]
1 . i..m )-:cf- of the matters contained in the
ior*Koing ftatpm»-nt and that *\-ery Ellpfration.
minnent, matter and thin* therein contained
Ir «ru# to th»> bf*t of mr knowledge and belief.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier and Secretary.
fiubteritx-d «tn<1 enxrn to before me this
J4th <3ay of DocetnVx-r, 1003.
HAMILTON A. BAUER,
Notary Public in and for the City and County
of Ear. Francisco. State of California.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Wheat and Other Grains.
Silver was higher again and Sterling Ex
change lower. A London dispatch says that
the advance is due to buying by Indian banks,
presumably on Government account. In this
connection It is noticeable that India has been
rcniltttrp gold In considerable quantity.
The Doric, which arrived on Saturday from
Japan, brought 1.000.0UO yen to the London.
Pans and -American Bank, Ltd.. and 300.0OO
to the International Banking Corporation; fur
ther amtunts are said to be on the way.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 SOU
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S4
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, sight. — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — O7U
fllver. per ounce — 53^4
Mexican Dollars — 42
Exchange and Bullion.
A majority of the trade reported an "active
market for Apples, something unusual for Mon
day, and prices of high grade stock were »'rll
sustained. About 4000 boxei of all grades
were received from Humboldt and the receipt*
from othes aectlons were liberal. The Spltien
berg waa still tht firmest -description while
of the other varieties Newtown Pippins and
naldwlna had th« most call. ¦ Quinces wera of
fering again, but attracted little attention,
although the stock was of fair quality and
was offered at easy rates., Choice offerings of
Grapes In crates were Heady under a limited
Inquiry for shipment oa the, Portland steamer.
Trading In • Oranges was of a hand-to-mouth
character, as most buyers were holding- off
awaiting the auction . sale, which will be. held
to-morrow. ¦ • . • . ......
Two cars of Cape Cod Cranberries were re
ceived, yesterday. They are firmly h«ld at
higher prices,- as the. market' Is bare of other
descriptions and there are no . more expected
from any source before Christmas.. Receipts
of Strawberries consisted of a few small con
sljrnments of the large variety, which sold
fairly at about previous . price*. There were
no Raspberries received. TCttaM&N**
HTRAWBKRRIES— $3fl4 per chest for- the
larKe varieties. ¦W.WBHj»3Mi#MMfi
RASPBERRIES. per drawer. ; .-";-?
, CRANBERRIES — Cap* Cod. «12fM3 p«r bbl.
¦ APPLES — Fancy Spitsenbergs. $1 75C2 per
box; ether varieties, $161 50 for fancy. 75600c
for choice 'and 25350c for common; Cbrtetmat
Apples, II WQZ.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Chicago Gram Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 14.— Wheat exhibited rapid
changes In valu»i to-dav, and from a strcnr
*tart the market suddenly developed weakness
WHEAT-Recelpts. , S2.400; exports. 25S35
•pot. firm: No. 2 red. BO^c; Xo 2 red fil U,!
f. o. b. afloat: No. I Northern Duluth' uxllc
t. ob. afloat; No I hard Manitoba, nominal
f. o. b. afloat. Options openexl active and firmer
on bullish statistics, closed firm Uc advanced
JtoTrd*" We S5>4C ' JUlJr Cl °* NJ *
WOOI,— Firm!'
COFFKR— Ppot Rio. steady: Xo. 7 Invoice
C-ic: ml!d. firm. Th» market for futures
cl-«ed Hf-adv at a 'decline of Sff-15 points
fisles. 131.000 bags. Including: December'
«.?V: March. «.60e«.70c: Mav. 6.9037c; July'
7.f<f>C7.1. r )c; Peptemb*r. 7.25©7.33c.
RUGAR— Raw. steady: refined, rteadr.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quiet, with demand light, but supplies are not
being- pressed and the u>n» U'flrra. Common
are ouoted at 4©4=;c: prime. 5@5Uc; choice.
6»ie6Jie: fancy. 6?i 67c.
PRUNES — Are quiet and steady, with quota
tions ramrlnr from 3*ic for 80-1G0* to 6Hc.
APRICOTS— Are at 7S 41 4c for ehoice, 6*i©
lOVic for extra choice and HOlKc for fancy.
PEACHES— Are quiet: choice. 7U<ff7»;c;
extra choice. 7«i0S%c; fancy. Oi{i?10He.
New York Grain and Produce.
FOR MONDAY. DECEMBER 14.
Flour qr »ksl.. ». 428 1 Wool, bales .... 102
Wheat ctls 7.500' Screenings, sks. 1.813
Barlev' ctls ... 7.«30!Alfalfa seed, ska 1«
Oati'ctls 1 60S U me. bbls 910
Corn" ctls ..... 12 Hide-. No 30
HeanV. ska .... 3.7841 Pelts. N<r .... 1.3M
I'otatoea. «ks .. 4.S75 Tallow. ctN ... -3«
Onions sks .... fiOO Chicory, bbls... 15
llran sks 315 Paper, reams... -43
MWdilngs. sks.I 20O Suwr. ctl. .... 1.05O
Hay tons 01" Leather, rolls .. J3
Hops bales .... - 50 Wine gals .... 8S.J5O
Muitardwed.sk -45 Brandy, gals .. 8.50O
Feed - «ks 200
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks. .. 2.2081 Wheat, ctls . . . . 10,000
OREGON/.
Potatoes, sks .. Si Onions, sks .... ; 2
Receipts of Produce.
SEATTLE. Dec. 14.— Clearings, $815,947;
balances, $114,085.
TACOMA. Dec. 14.— Clearing. $430,901; bal
ances. $:?$,<11C.
PORTLAND. Dec. 14. — Clearings, $781,282;
balances. $187,547.
SPOKANE, Dec. 14.— Clearing. $446,450;
balances, $41,33U.
Northern Business.
There was no further decline In Butter; but
the market continued weal:, with large stocks
on hand. .The situation In Cheese remained
as for weeks pact, the market being over
supplied and sluggixh.
Eggs were quoted as on Saturday, and the
market for ranch was quiet and easy, with the
tendensy toward a lower range sof quotation*.
Stocks are gradually Increasing, but the in
crease Is so small that It Is almost impercepti
ble. • - • • •
Receipts were 39.RC0 lbs Butt«r. 570 cases
Eggs and 2O0O lbs Cheese. -
BUTTER— Creamery. 27ff2Sc for extras and
23i825e for seconds; dairy. 18fi24e: store But
ter. 17%c; cold storage. 21Q2Gc; Eastern. 23$
25o per Ib
CHEESE— 12«12%e. for the general market.
13c for select mild new and HQlli^c for
lower grade*: Young Amerlcaa. 13014c; East
ern. IS^CieHc; Western. 14®15c per lb..."
EOOS— Ranch. 47»48c for. choice and 45®
40c f-r small and mixed colors; store, nom
inal; cold storage, 2SQ32^c; Eastern, 26#2S:
for cold etoraee. ¦. ~-; #: '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
PORTLAND. Dec. 14— WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 71©72c; Bluesttm. 77c; Valley. 7Sc.
The ship Vincent cleared to-day for Queens
town or -Falmouth with 113,241 bushels of
wheat. The barge Berer.ger,- for the same
ports, cleared with 27.734 bushels, and tb«t Ad
miral Halsen, for the aame ports, with 18.060
bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 1 1.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
BlueMrm. 71c; Club. 74e.
OREGON
Northern Wheat ' Market.
Following were the sales on the Paclfle
Stock Exchange yesterday: • :.
Morning 8eulon.
3C0 Andes 22f HOO Overman .... 23
40O Andes 2.1 600 Savage 42
C00 Choll*- 23 K00 Sierra Nev .. M
KOO Chollar 22 100 Silver 11111 .. 75
200 Con C & Va.l 15 2OO rtah .....:.. ; 11
200 Mexican 1 10 MO rtah 12
100 Mexican ...1 07H 8(10 Yellow Jacket 22
50 Ophlr 2 05 ; - /
Afternoon Session. ¦
200 Andes ' ... 21f 3C0 Mexican 1 OO
300 Con C & V.I 12 H 2C«> flavag* -as
200 Con C & Va.l 10 200 Seg Belcher.. 07
200 Crown Point.. 17 200 Sierra Nev .. 82
300 Gould * Cur. 33 SCO Union Con ..-32
200 Oould ft Cur. S4j 2W) Utah ;u
300 Justice ...... 0*
TONOPAII MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the. sales on the Ban Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday: '
S^S Mornlnsr Session.
5T.0O* Esperanra ... 01 200 Ton Midway., r 48
100 Mont Ton ..1 35 M>0 Ton Midway. . 45
100 Rescue 07 4100 Ton .N 8tar. . i ,T2
COO Rescue 0S( 500 Ton N Star.. 33
400 Ton Bolmont. .-7»i . - • -¦
v ¦ Afternoon Session.'. . '
600 Esperanz* ... 01 1 1100 Ton X SUr. . 31
600 Mont Ton.. 1 27%hC00 Ton N Star.. 30.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
MM Andes 20) 200 Ophir .2 00
"CO Con C & Va.l 15 SCO Sierra Nev .. 51
200 Crown Po'nt.. 17 200 Sierra Nev .. 52
2fjfl Gould A Cur. S3 S(O Union Con .. 52
SOO Mexican 1 00 _;. ¦ .„ .
Afternoon Session.
NEW YORK. Dec. 14. — The cotton ¦ martlet
clo«ed quiet and steady, unchanged. The Cot
ton Exchange will be closed December 25 and
20 and January 1 and 2.
Nnv York Cotton Market.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 14.— WOOL— Steadr: medi
um rradts. combing and clothing, 17&21c;
light fine. 15#17V6c; b'avy fine, 12*ri4V4c; tub
washed. 20@31c.
5"/. Louis Wool Market.
POL'LTBT— Dressed Turkeys; lSg23e per Ib;
llv«. Turkeyn. lfl^20c per Ib: Gee«e. per pair.
$1 75ft 2: Goslings. K'd'l 25; Ducks. S58ft per
doxen for old and $ti@7 for young; Hens, $4 50
65 for email and . $5{?6 for large; young
Boosters. $4 5095; old Roosters, $4 50©5;
Fryers. $4*4 50; Broilers. $4©4 50 for large
and $.1»3 50 for small; Pigeons. $1©1 25 per
doxen for old and $202 25 for Squahv
' GAME — Mallard Duck's. $2 WVSn per dosen;
Oanva«back $2 6O©3 .V);Hnrlr $2#2 60: Teal
$1 25#1 50; Wld«eon. $1 25©1 50; *mall Duck*
$1 25; Gray Geeae, $3; White Geese $1©
1 50; Brant $1 25 for small and $2 for large:
Honkers. $5 for large and $4 for »roal|; Eng
lish Snipe. $-1: common flnlpt. $1 76; wild
Doves, $1 25; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
81 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 50.
The market for Poultry and Game were lib
erally supplied and continued, rather weak,
although buyers were operating more freely
than at the clo«* of last week. Three cars
of Western stock were marketed and there
were large linen of local ttock offering that
had been carried over from BatUrday. - Tur
keys both live and dressed, were offering in
limited quantities and prices stood about as
previously quoted. Game was abundant and
several kinds were ; quoted lower. The easier
prices, however, tended to Increase the de
mand and the. market was well cleaned up at
the close.
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK. Dec. 14.— Trading In rtork* to.
<3sy fr!1 sharply below la«t r.eek's a'.erage ac
tivity, the day's total hanlly rx'-ef-ding .V)O.WX)
•hares The market, however, showed well tus
t«ine*l ttrength and cloned firm at the tcp level
tt the flay, -or near It. There wss considerable
eirly he*itati<£i. but the gradual advance met
with few setbacks and the occasional Intervals
Of <Sujme*s »hen the buying was intermittent
wen followed by no important reaction. The
market was • disappointment to the b»ar ele
nrrt. and their buying to rover furnished one
<»f the important nuxtalr.irtgr influences. Jn
Pennsylvania and United States Steel preferred
rartlcularijr th»re was a repetition of the pres
sure which k^-pt the whole market urt»ettl«-i
<lurins the latter part of last week and whirh
¦ .;? believed 1 * the beam to hecsld a new de
illr.c. There It a speculative party In the mar
ket which avows the conviction that the recent
considerable recovery In slocks has simply rep
resented a normal reaction from th» preceding
; "<!• :.p- . decline and that *-lth the culmlna
tinn of the recovery • der-line of frtlll greater
force In in prosiiect. The short duration of last
¦week's reaction was in itself a discouragement
to the' follawers cf this opinion, and they were
inclined, to reverse their position when prices
•teried upward asrain. The more cheerful tone
of th* London market was a helpful factor
her* and buying offers for London account gave
it a substantial backing. . London took a more
hirwfcl Tirw f.ti.n of the outlook for peace In
the Far East and the discount market there
»orked taeier. Sterllna- exchange here waa
very firm, with a good demand for remittance.
But gold waa again secured tn the London mar-
V?t for *hipin«it to New York to the amount
cf f2.000.000. Tlie announcement had the
usual stirrulatirg effjet on the atock market.
The Nsginninir cf the artrument in the Northern
Secuiitie* case at XTBBhir.irton seemed to have
*om« early repres^Me eCect en activity, but
traders seemed to ccme to th«- conclusion that
the possibility of a considerable delay still in
th* <Seci*!rn. and the extent to which a possible
, unfavorable decision had already been discount
ed - left It unavailable for immediate further
speculative commitments. The dividend on the
Handird Oil Company stocks, payable to-mcr
rrx*-. will b* the occasion for the disbursement
of «!2.O0W.00O. and a number of other dividend
payments will be made at the aamc time.
Trie strergth of the market was pretty evenly
dtffufed. tut Amalgamated Copier. I'nion Pa
cific and Southern Pacific were notably strong
their sains exceeding the two point mark. .A
«trong demand for raw copper heln«d Amal-
Itamatea. The ccld weather was suppoited to be
*>f a^x-antage to the coal carrjtnjt roads »nd Jo
the demand for reasonable merchandise lsMail
I mr.'-liTf I ¦ „ , OS
Bends were i!ot very acti\-e «nd about stenr
Total rales, par value. $1.3$oooo " '
Unltfed States bond* were alf unchanged on
the la«t call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
etark. Sales. High. I/,*-. Clo«e.
Atehl*»w 13.htio «>h *rm. <s > %
Atchison pfd «0rt »2%, M?i^ in**
Baltimore * Ohio 9.700 7914 78 14 79
l-.«.lr A Ohio )'.;. 300 utt \ t& >7'-,
Canadian Paciflc .. 1.&00 11:1', jjs', nou
Orel, cf X J , 153 I
Oiet & O'jIo COO 37"* S2\ ffjli \
( 't.u a co A- Alton .. TOO .-avj S5 2,»,t
<¦.'! A Alton r'<l.. 'J'i <>»j €HK tt>-Z
t'M Ot Western .. 1.200 16 15% 15s!
<'hi G: W B pfd "71Z
Chlcmg? A N W 300 I(J3»« l«n«i lt>4 '
<Thl "7>r & Trans bii
rhl T & T nfd 100 18 is 17*.
C C C * Ft Louis.. 300 75 75x 75'
Colorado ,Fouth«T3 .. run 74 \ 74
Colorado Southern .vxt 14%.' 14 14 'j
Col Bft Ul pfd.... lofl 54 54 M
Ool So 24 cfd * ***> 23H 22*4 »U
Delaware & Hud . 300 :r,s\ l.'.s . IM4
Del. Lac A Wert 242*»
Denver A Rio Or.. 200 22 22 22S
Tt A K G cte BOO 72>i 72«4 72»«
Erie 79.400 30*1, 2»», W>H
Erie Jet pfd 2,100 «*H fc7»* «8
Krie 2d prd 1.900 00 T 4 49% M»*
r^t Northern pfd.- Ifi5
Hocklr* Valley ........ 74
H'.'k'.r.* Val pfd. 100 M'j MH v <
Illinois Central ... 1.200 129Vs 12>>% I2»H
Iowa Central ltt»4
Ioua On Df d . . 3ti
Kan C P^utHern .. 1k%
Kan C Be rfd.-.. 34 ij
Louia 4 N»»hvi;> 3,390 I0?H 1<I.',», 107 *
Macbattaa L .... 2.300 141 >, 140«h 144*;
Metropolitan Et .. 2.IKW 122*4 I 2 ' 1 * 1*1%
Xczi- York Stock Market.
. B\GS— Grain Bagsi SJiSUc; San Quentln,
5.55c; Wool Bags, 22$3.V;; Fleece a*wlne, 7h<P
He; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6^c. <J%e and 7V4e for
the three grades; Brown Jute, «H@'Hc.
-COAL — Wellington. $S per. ton; New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle. $C 50; Bryant. $0 50; Bea
ver Hill, $5 50; Standard. $7; Roslyn. $7;
Coos Bay. $5 50r Greta. $7; Wallsend, $7i Rich
mond $7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump, 1
$11 50; Cannel, $S 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50»
13 per ton In bulk and |ir» In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45. per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton, according to brand. | .
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; lor ca»e3.
add 5c. Linseed. 45c per gallon for boiled and
4.tc for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA $1 10S1 12;. Lucol, 14c for boiled
and 42j> for raw; China Nut. 55©70c per. gallon;
Coeoanut Oil. 'n barrels, 6Sc for Ceylon and 05c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil 80c: natural winter Sperm OH 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. CV; natural Whale
Oil COc* extra winter Strained Lard 'Oil, 83c;
No' 1 Lard Oil. 75c; pure Ncatsfeot OH, 75c;
No! 1 Neatsfoot Oil. We: light Ken-Ing Oil.
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil, SSc;
boiled Fish Oil. 40e; raw Fish Oil. SSc; boiled
Paint Oil 33c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL 6rL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
15>4c; Pearl Oil In cases, 22c; Astral. 22c;
Star, 22c: Extra Star. 2«c; Elaine. CSc; Eocene.
25c: deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 17c;
In cases 23Vjc: Beniine. tn bulk, 13c; :n cases,
l'JVic; • S6-decree Gasoline. In bulk. 21o; In
cases. 27 He-
TURPENTINE — SOc per gallon in cases and
74c In drums and Iron barrtls.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. C,\i9
7c per Ib; White Lead. OV407c, according to
quantity,
RICE—^hlna No. 2. $4 35fi4 45; No. 1. $3 75
«?5 »O; extra No. 1. $tt 25frO 5<»; Hawaiian.
$5 25; Japan. $5 25fi5 80; Louisiana. $4 304?
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as fallows, per Ib, In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.05c:
Powdered. B.nOe; Candy Granulated, 5.60c; Dry
Granulated, fine, ft. 40c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.40c; Fruit. Granulated, 5.40c: Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.20c: Confectioners'
A 5.40c; Magnolia A. 5c; Extr* C. 4.90c:
Qolden C» 4.30c; • < D." 4.70c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels, 25o more: boxen, 50c more; ¦ 60-lb
bags. lOc^ more for all kinds. . Tablets— Halt
barrels. 8.00c: boxes, G.U.c; II. & E. -Crystal
Dominc*. 8.40c per Ib. No orders taken for
lets than itventy-flva barrels or Its equivalent;
General Merchandise.
EASTERX MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14. — The visible supply
of grain on Saturday, December 12, aa com
piled by the New York Produce Exchange, U
a* follow*: Wheat. 34.S04.000 bushels: In
creA«e 2 205,000 bushels. Com, 5.3n3,0n0 Dush
els- Increase. »000 bushels. Oats. 8,227.000
bufheis; Increase, 102,000 bushels. Mye,
1 l."0 OCO bushels: decrease, 1CO.00O bushels.
Barley. .VJ32.00O bushels; Increase, 90,000
bur.hels.
Visible Supply of Grain.
CHICAGO. Dec. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts,
24.000: steady: good to prime steers. $i KOflr
5 75; poor to medium. f.1fil 75: stockers and
feeders; $1 75«?4; cow*. $1 50©3 00; heifers,
$1 7.Viiri: canners, $1 50^2 35; bulls. $1 75^4;
calves, $2g5 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 48,000; to-morrow.
30.000: steady to 5c lower; mixed and butch
em' $4 ».Vfi4 70; good to choice, heavy. $4 Mlv
4 70; rough heavy. $4 40f»4 B5r light. $4 353>
4 t'5:'bulk of sales. $4 45«4 CO.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000; sheep steady tn 10c
higher; lambs steady: good to choice wethers.
$S .W&4; fair to choice mixed, $2 5003 40;
Western sheep. $2 75S-1 70: native lambs, $4@
5 75; Western lambs, $3 75©6 50.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.'
Min n* St Liuis.. loO CO CO SO
Mlisourl 1'acin-j .. S.ttUM u:« 91"^ »2%
M K * Texas .. K!O 17*i 1~% 1T'»
i M K * t sf j — 4(>o ::a\ ;«•, 5$'±
Nat It of Mex pfd 37>4
N Y Central 1, 5m) Hb%i H7\ H8S
Norfolk .v "West.. l.U*) 57»i 57 57Si
Nor & W*« nfd 87
Nor Securities M'i
Ontario & Ueit .. I.hiki 21\ 21*» 21»*
Pennsylvania S5.N00 117"* 115S 1I7S
P C C & St I>culs f^>'
Reading 27.6OO 44^ 4.'tU U%
Reading Sd nfd .. 100 (fliu (X)^ k»i,
Reading 1st pfd 100 77>£ 77 u 7«!,
Rock Island Co... 13,300 2H 25>i 25T«
Rrrf-k Is Co ofd .. 4dO «ii^ oi Va 61 Vi
Kt L * S K in pfd . m
?t L & t? P 2,1 pfd. 2tlO 45 45H 44
Ht I>sui« S W 14
Ft L . S W pfd .... 300 ":«" :Vi"4 ;J2* 4
t-t Paul pfd ' j; 1T) .
Bootbera Railway . .',.4<>o 21 20>i •"ot!
j £outhe, a R>- r f.j.. ww 77 ,- 77 * 7 -rf
\T~xas & I'antif.. 7<«» 2.*.^ 24^. 25ii
Tol St L * W«.. i.« 2P» 21 il r 'l
T. St L & W P M.. ,n,, M ?J S3 T»
Tr.on Pacific .. r-l.l.fT 77'i 77-I 77'i
I nion Pacific rf.i . V
\\-l^n r-M 42.JMJO :i7% XiiH .{71.
£*•*"»? «* Krie .._ ui\
Wisconsin «entral .... ji ( t*
Wis Ont pfd 400 S8 ' b'% ?,'%,
Expren Companies—
I Adams oo .
American
United States »
nells-Fargo, .,'i
Mis cells nrou,— - K "
Amal Copper 5n.2fin <7t; 45 47
Amer Oar & V.... a«t isTi 1HV, isU
I Amer r-ar.Ar F pfd. . f.it
AfflT 1. Oil , ' a *
Aracr !. Oil prd... ...•.;¦ ¦..;;¦ '.'.'.'. 2s»
Amer Loco '" SOQ 143. 14U l*i;
I Amer Isx-i pfd fc
I An:«r B & P.*t 1«,«K« 50«4 4S V 4S%
An-.cr S & Hef 400 yo*i fKi'^ 90^
Ancr Si.-yar R»f... 13,200 324» A 122- a 123-'-4
AnmcottOa Min Co.. :ajo 7« 70 77 '
Rrty.klvn R Trans*. 2T».:ii)<> 4?\ 4Si; v.>
«-oio Fuel it Iron.. 4fx» 2S«4 27 "~K
Ool i- Hock Ccal.. 2(» I2»i 12% I2'i
<V.n« Gap soft ist% 1RI l^'i
I G»n nectrlc 700 ira 1«4 lfiTi'i
Int*r Paper ifiS
Inter Paper pfd fa
Ii:tPr Pumo 23
Ir.ter T^arr.p pfd ;... 70
5^st HfTuit 3fl!4
Nnt I^ead i',v
North An;er 73
Piicifl- Mat] • 25
people's Gas 2.«'X> »S'-i H75 4 U~*',
rrfH'rt S «^r 2O0 26 2C 2.">'m
Prwfo! ? fir pM ' 6-Vi
Pullman Palace Car 21.1
Republic Steel fit^,
Republic Steel pfd. 1.400 4flt^ .TO^ 3*1^
Rubber Grxwls 300 IS 17 l 4 IS
Rubber Gccds pfd , 70
Tern Coal A Ircn. 1.100 5.1 ttK 32K
V S Leather 200 7U 7»i "iK
I" S leather pfd... COO 76>i 75>i 75 s i
r " Rcbber :. ..:. S
D S RubVr pfd... 30ft 39 >i 3!>i; .T.»
U S £t'«l 4.200 10%, 10\i KVVi
r s stoei pfd.... K9.000 5t 5214 m«4
Western Union $7
Shares sold 535.700
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Dec 14. — Bonds transitions of
United Railroads of San FrnnHsco: 1000 at
$75 25. 5000 at $75. $2600 at $75 50.
NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s reg..lO5V4 Hockinr Val 4Us.lf>5»;
Do coup IOC i Louis &-N uni 4s.lO!>^4
Do .'!s reg 107'4 ; Manhattan c g 4s. 101 '£
Do coup Ifi7'« Mexican Cent 4s. 77%
Do new 4s Rtf.lSSH] V«y 1st Inc J4t;
Do coup 13-IVMinn * St L 4s.. ftr.s.
Do old 4a reg.. 109 M K A- T 4s »r,Kl
Do coup 110 1 Do 2ds 77>i
Do 5s re S lOlli'N R R of M c 4s. 75
Do coup 101 1., IN J Cent g 5s... HO
Atch ren 4s lOOHJN Y Cent g 3«4s. n»%
Do adjt 4s 87 jNor Pac 4g I02 T £
Atlantic C L 4s. ai Do 3s 7s»i
IJalto M Ohio 4S.1OOT4 Nor & West c 4s. W5H
- Do 3«4s Ki O S L 4s & Par. J»2H
Cent of Ga 5s 103'.* Penn conv 3'is.. 3.1U
Do 1st inc «l Read Gen 4s W t f.
«-hes & Ohio 4U«.iri2i,'st L & I M c r.s.lll
rhl & Alton .1U.ii. 75V, JPt l,tSF fg 4s. R4&.
r II 4 O new 4*. »2>; St L S W lrts. fit
r- M & S P g «».110 S*abcard A L 4s. TtK
rhl & N W c 7s. 131 Southern Pac 4s.. K7»i
C R I * P U R 4s C9T»| Southern Ry 5s..ll3U
Do col 5s 74 I Tex & "Pac Ists 115
C r C & S L g 4s. O.IUlTol St L * W 4?" (»»;
Chi Term 4,« 76 Union Pac 4a ...Ifc2«i
Colo F & I 71 Do conv 4* ... 8.%u
Con Tobacco 4s.. r.;u|r r Steel 2d 5s ffl>4
Colo & So 4s M : V Wnbash Ists . 113S?
D Ic R G 4«.... »»Hj Do Deb B .. * mil
Erl" rricr lien 4s. 0RU; Wheel A L E 4s S7
Do pen 4s fcS*; 1 Wis Cent 4s ..." H0K
Ft W tr D C lMn.102'4' "*
' NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
I > dams Con 11|LIttle Chief 0«
Alice SO.Ontarlo e 00
Rrrece lOiOnhir ! . 2 f 0
Brunswick Con ... O-iiPhoenlx .... " cc,
Com?tock Tunnel . . 0.V Poto«i on
<"on Cal & Va 1 IO; Savage ' ?«
j Horn Silver ......I OsliJjerra Nevada '£
< Iron Silver 1 MFmall Hopes ..'" "is
I I^advill^ Con ... C2 Standard . 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDs!
Money — Westlnrh Com ' TA
fall loar.* fff6»; Mininr—
Time loans .*»flG'£ Adventure «»T'
Bonds— Allouez 1*
AichlFon -U M Amaliramated' ".'.'. 4«Ti
M C? ,r ent 4 * ' ' ' W DaI >' ... .15"
Railroads— nineham 20U
Atnhison fiRU «'ai um< . t & lUc^AM
Do prefd 92'i Centennial i'i'
Bo«fon * Albany. 244 Copper Ranre'"' in«
Bo«ton & Maine.130 | DorAlnlon Cwi " " 74^
Boston L 140 ;Franklln .. ' ,?«
N T N II 4 II..10C Isle Royale Ai
ritrhbUTK prefd.. 1.1(1 Mohawk ,? H
Union Pacific ... 7» Old Dominion o
M;j, Central .... 3!4jO»ce<,U ....?. " r 2
Miecelianeoua— .Pnrrct .... "* oi
Amer Suirar 12SH Qulncy Zl
Do prefd 120U Santa F« CoDDer' ii-
Amor Tel * Te|.124« Tamarack ?T 8 « f
Dominion I & 8.. «i; Trinity 8 ?f
General Electric. If3 United State* ii'*
u «" EJ^tric ... 20 Utah .......;• "»'
w. 1 ? 0 pr r. M ™ Victoria -?
V. nl J*2 Frult ••••"«>; Winona jit
u » Steel 1014 Wolverine ...:::" £d
Do prefd 631$ OT *»
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less >o
per cent yhrlnkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8©Dc; Cows and Heifers.
7©t>c: th!n Cows, 4®5c per Ib.
CALVES — Ift4",4e.per Ib (cross weight).
SHEEP— Wether?. 3%«j4c; Ewes, 3»iQ3HiC
per !b (grosrs weight).
LAMBS — 4W65c per Ib.
HOGS— Llvo Hogs. 140 to ISO lbs. 5Uc; over
ISO lbs, 5c; Sows, "JO per cent off; Boars, 50
per cent off. and Stags 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
The' demand and supply about balance and
tht market show* no change.
, DRESSED MEATS.
Wholee-ilp rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as fellows:
BEEF — tj'i^Ho tor Steers and Cfi«o per
Ib fcr Cows*. v .«.¦ • . ---.
VEAL— Large. 8B9c; small, Olga'.ic-per Ib.
1HJTTOX— Wethers. 6©SVic; Ewes, SftS>4e
per Ib.' - -•
LAMB— 0V4© 10c per Ib.
PORK— Dressed llogy. 70S He Dfr Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. v-
Meat Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 14. — The London tin mar
ket was tirm and substantially higher, closing
at an tidvem-o oi £1 2s (id to .L124 2s 6d for
spot and £125 7a 6.1 for futures. Locally tin
was gulet and higher, spot closing at $27.25.
Copj-er was unchanged at £56 11h (id for spot
and 5* hisher at £.M Kte for futures. Locally
copper was firmer. Lake is quoted at $12 5C®
12 U2'4. electrolytic at $12 25Q12 5O and cast-
Ing at $12 12S&12 37>j.
Lead advanced 2s Cii to £11 <1s 9d in London
and was alco hirher locally at $i 25.
Spelter was 5a higher at £21 7s Cd In Lon
don, locally spelter was nominally unchanged
at $5 25.
'Iron clcs«d at 4Ss Od in Glasgow and at 41s
'id In Mtddlesbcro. Locally iron was un
chano-fl. No. 1 foundry, northern, $15@1G:
No. 2 foundry, northern, S14.'al5; No. 1 foun
dry, southern, and No. 1 foundrj'. eouthern
sofe, $13 .'«iH.
New York Metal Market.
Potatoes ru!«d weak, with the market still
overloaded with poor stock. There was a
heavy accumulation of river Bu'rbanks on the
wharves and they wera quoted lower. Sup
plies of the best Salinas and Oregon Burbanks
were well up to requirements and prices stood
as previously quoted. SwceU were weak and
sales at the top quotation were rare. There
was an abundance of carried over stock on
hand • and five itars of .fresh stock- were, re
ceived. Onions were unchanged, with ' the
market rather weak.- • S -• •¦
Receipts of from Los Angeles
¦were heavier than usual.- aggregating over SCO
packages. Despite the heavy receipts the mar
ket ruled firm, and choice lots continued to
bring high prices. Receipts 'of Bay Tomatoes
were very light -and as the offerings were of
good quality prices had a sharp advance.
Wrapped stock from the south readily com
manded the top quotation, while unwrapped
lots ranged from 75<gS5c per 'crate. . Mush
rooms were more plentiful owing to the re
cent rams and prices were shaded. :
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. C0#
SOc per ctl: Salinas Burbanks $1@1 45 per
rll; Oregon Burbariks, S."»-ffjSi 05 per ctl: River
Reds. 60©C5c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, 0"cySl 10
per ctl. . .. •
ONIONS— $191 20 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Pee?. 3S5c per Ib;
String Beans. 609c per Ib: Wax. 76 10c: To
matoes. 73c©$l per box for bay and 76c4r31
per crate for Los Angeles; Summer Squa6li
from Los Angeles, $1 per box; Cabbage,
50c per ctl; Carrot*. SOc per sack; Cucumbers.
per box; Garlic. «r&7o per Ib: Effg Plant. 5
filOc per Ib; Dried Peppers. 5©Sc per Ib . for
Stockton and 11<I1214c for southern; Dried
Okra. 12%c per In; Green Peppers 0@10c per
Ib; Mushrooms. 20fi25c per Ib; Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squash. $10(312 per ton for round
lots and Vjfi'lc per Ib for sacked.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March. May.
¦ Opening g *H ***
¦Closing <> **•* . 6 •»*•
PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar-June.
i Opening 2<>55 20 70
I Clfflng 20 oi _0 i'i
Flour —
iOrwninir 28 15 27 83
:Ci«in S ¦»H 27 90
Foreign Futures.
There Is nothing further to report in Beans,
the market being quiet and unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 304J2 40; Pm, $1; But
ter*. $3 25; small White,' $2 SStf.'S: . large
White. $2 iOtfi <:0: Pink, $2 «5«r2 75; rted.
$.1 50; Lima $.".©3 10: Red Kidneys, $4&4 23;
Blackeye. $2j?2 15 per ctl; Hors« Beans, $1 So
62.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $"; Yellow Mus
tard. *2 05?t2 85; Flax, $1 SOtfl "»: Canary.
b\f. -we for Eastern; Alfalfa. 11614c: Rare.
l?;H?2V-c: Timothy, G@«»£c;. Hemp. :J'/»Cf : M3C
per Ib: Millet, SflltUe; Broom Ccrn Seed. $20»
2a per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Gieen, $1 S0®2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was nrro. Creameries. 16§25c; Dal
ri»» 14ii25c. Eggs, decidedly strong. 2flVi629c.
Chf'«?e. !'>(§10'!»c. .
¦ E? ? ? -S ? -¦
= 3g : 32 z~. 5 *
6TAT1ONE. It ?§:-Hg§ ?" *
r "c I r T I
? • • ¦
B«k*r 30.42 54 22 FE «1cu<!y .^t
r«-«Tn W..TM «S 22 S Pt.CIdy .00
K"r»ka Srt.Sfi *A 44 H •"lccjJy ."1
Faratlon :.-©.27- S4 52 NE Pt.CIdy .«
i.-.-... M.Z* L* 34 NW Pt-CMy .<«<
Ftegrtaff -iO..-.4 44 14 P Clear -«X)
Pomtelln .- :»,4« 3» 28 SE Clear Tr.
Icdei*r.<;ersi;c .:!>T^ M 33 SE Ooudy .Ot»
!>-.* AiyreU*... .-».!•: 7» 4»* BW Cl-ar .00
nt Tamalrai*. :»).. TO 5T 44 SK Pt.CIdy .< 7
Nor:h He«J. . .3»>.*i» T.2 44 SE Rain ..Vt
Phoenix ...... 5»».»k 7" 3<; W <:iear . ."(»
rrtrtUnl 3'».1O 44 40 N Rain ' .22
Pcirt Reyes.. ¦>.£*) £3 61 «'*!m «"leur .11
nt^ Bluff W.« M 4«« S Foggy Tr.
Hosctwrg ?,0.!4 «2 4<» S Cteudjr .<-<•
fi.uwsio ./M>.Ti T-0 4« SW Oou»i? Tr.
Uke. .W.4S 40*24 SW Clear Tr.
t=an Fr»noiFco.3i».3<« 7.1 ."•<> N . CUoudy ,t»j
San L. OUspo.3y.22 72 44 N Pt.C:idy .««>
Pan Diego So.UJ >'A 4* N Char .00
Seattle O9.XM 4«» 84 SE Rain . .M
Krokane :tft.Z* .'52 2" H Snot- .«.\
Tat-wh -a>.9S !*» 42 S Cloudy >4
Wi!!» Wi::a..3i).C(l » 22 XV.' Cloudy -<08
Wlnneir.uc<-a .»».«« 42 lti E " Cicudy .<k)
YwHUt 50. 1« 72 SS NW Cle^- .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pr^?sure ha* rie«-r. over The southwestern |
purtlcn cf the rountrj- and has fallen slowly j
ever tie rirrth» ?stern itanlun. A moderate
etorm i* Jin« *|.pro«'-Mng Ihe crast of t\'as!i
ingtan. Bain b«j falJ»-n . ceneraliy jilong :he
coei«t from EureJc* northward.
The tf-mj-era'-ui-e has rtw-n about 10 degrees i
at P.ofcl.vf and at Loe Ange'e!.
A mb^muru >lftd vlority of 4" rr.ne« p*r j
hcur. frern the •outhe«*t. is r*r>orted at North
Hea.l.
t>oul'i<r«s* storm T.»rr.:ng» are displayed from
I'oJnt Ix>lxj« r.ci thTard. . •
Foret-nst rcud^- ai rVancirco for thirty
endms nidaight, December 15:
>.'onn*rn «'^:;ff>roia — Cluudy. unsettled weath
er Tuesday, prohab'y siiow^rs; lisht north wisd.
iharglns to southeasterly.
Sotiilwrn California— i.'loudy Tuesday: light
rarth »mds. chanp-inc to southwesterly.
Neva-Js — <~lmidv Tu'wia;-; warmer.
f^en Fran'-Ssco ard vicinity — Cioudy Tuesday.
prptebtjr fho*.cr»; frcxh southeast winds.
A. G. McALUE. District For«rcastcr.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour Jarre's ".S00 11,100
' wCeat bu7h.ls ,»:«> l»:«0
: (^orn bvshels S08.4CM £l-5^
! Oats: bushel, 254.000 107.700
! u'arl'ey bushel. 120.200 27,500
THE COAST RECORD.
Hops are steady and- unchanged. Messrs.
John Barth t Son. writing from Nuremburg.
Germany uniJer date of November "20. give the
following figures on tho .Continental crop:
Yield for all Germany. 41D.00O cwt. aga'n.-t
4CG (ion cwt last year: all Austria 113.000 cwt.
aealnst 184.000 cwt last year; France. 57.000
cwt against 50.000 cwt: Holland and Belgium.
3.1000 cwt against (55.0CO cwt; Russia. KO.OOO
cwt against (iO.OOo cwt. making a total yield
for the Continent of 712,0tJ0 cv.t, against S25,
000 cwt last year.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about IWfl under quotations. Heavy salted
Sfers 0c! medium. Nc: light. 7Hc; Cow Hides.
7i?.e for heavy and t\«c for light; Stags. 5c;
Salted Kiu. 9ei Raited H'eal. 10c: Salted Calf.
10«ic- dry Hide?, l.">c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Cc'.T ISc; Sheepskins. .-l^aniaK^. '.'5@3Oc eacn,
short Wool. 40<fifi0c each: medium. 70390c;
Lonir Wool. $1®1 '<<>'• Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for larg* and $2© 2 50 for medium. $1 gfi
ftl 75 for srr.all and 5O? far Colts; Hors»
Hides dry. SI 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium. $1&1 23 for small arid 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. :ilc; dry raited
Mexican. 25o; dry Central American. :;lc. Goat
FklM— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
COc- medium. 35c: smal^ 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per Ib;
No. 2. 4c; sreas*. 2^C3e.
WOOL— Fall- clip — San Joaquin Lambs'. 9Q
lie; Middle County. U@12c: Northern Free.
HCil2c; Northern -Defective. lO^llc: Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 12©14e^ Nevada, 13@15c; Ore
gon tine. ISfllOc: Oreson medium. 17c per Ib.
HOPS— IDS 22c per Ib for California.
Hides,' J Vool, Tallow and Hops.
Cash quotations as follows: Flour. «t'ad> .
No. 2 spring wheat. 82c; No. 3. T«gSOc: No.
2 red, Sl-;<as.l%c; No. 2 corn. 42c: No. 2 yel
low 44c- No. 2 o«ts. 35c-; No. 3 whlto. 34 >^ 9
:!7c; No. 2 rye. 51V*c : saod fee«l!ng barl;j'.
r<S^©::«iVio- fair to choice malting. 43W>ic:
No 1 flax' seed 83>^c; No. 1 Northwestern.
SI 00>4: prirfe timothy seed. $2 95: mess pork
Per barrel. $11 DCffU «2H; lard per HO
I pound* $« 47H0G 5(»: short ribs sides (lco»e).
I $u 12»Ve« 37Vi: short clear sides (boxed).
i*C12V.©0 25; whisky, basis of high wines,
I $1 27:* clover, contract grade. $11.
Threatening weather and -Jarg$ .receipts have"
weakened the Hay market and dealer* .yester
day quoted a lower range of prices. The mar
ket Ib very sensitive and easily affected by the
weather Hran and other FeedituKs are re
ported steady and unchanged.
URAN— $1» &wti20 SO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $2« 60<&2S 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $18 WJtfrft SO per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $24S25 per
ton- Oil Cake Meal at the mill, $27 #28 u0;
Jobbing, $2!«&3O; Coeoanut Cake. $21@22; Corn
Meal $29630; Cracked Corn, $2!) 50&30 50;
Mixed Feed, $22 6(."323; Horse lieans, $;s0fF4O
per ton.
HAY Wheat $13 nOBlC: Wheat and Oat.
»l»$fl5 50: Oat $12014; Wild Oat. $11 50®
IS 50- Barley. $12ftfl.1 50: Slock, nominal — none
here;' Alfalfa. $10«12 60 rer ton. ' •
STRAW — 10QW>c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Luit This I-art
Stations — 21 hc-ure. season, season.
Rurekn O.oi 14.5« 1».<W
Red Bluff Tr. K.7K 12.<i2
«.01 3.W 5.::w
Pan Francisco (».«n •• 4.W 5.10
Freeno 0.0<i «.r^ 3 13
Independence. O.ftO n.42 o.k*J
•>-£n Luis ObisjKj O.W) "o.»i 4.t«2
!>^s Ansele* 0.00 ".41 3.2O
s^an Diego O.OO O.I0 S.V&
'The follc»-l^e are the eea«onal rainfalls to
dvt*. as compared with those of came date last
reeson, and rainfall in latt twenty-four hours:
il2<nh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 14—5 p. rn
Weather Report.
Jeremiah and James T. Donovan and Mary
K. McCarthy to Mary E. Maxwell, lot on \V
line of Polk street. 4i>:« S of Gre«n, S 21 by
W M:«; $10. .
Joseph H. and Mathllde M. Scott to George
K. Fitch, lot tin N lln» of Hayes street. 137 . i»
E or Lacuna. K 35:1 » a by N 12»>: $10.
Sarah and Jose:>h MIer to Llasetle Dinkel
spiel, lot on S line of Hayea street. 240 VV of
Webster. W :J5 by 3 137:«; $10.
Antonio I^iolo to Morris Green, lot on W
line of Sacramento street. 3t:J» W> of Stetner,
W 29 by M 103; $10.
Sarah A. CcsgTove to Margaret J. McCor
mick, lot on X line of Halght street. SO Wo!
Lyon. W ::5.by N 1W>; $10.
James -A. and Mary A. Squire to Katherin*
A. Ward, lot on SE corner of Waller street and,
Masonic avenue. S 33 by E 105; $10.
Frank* R. and Sophie Grannis to Laura K.
Isaacs and Ellxabeth R. Smith, lot oa N line ot
Sacramento street. S7:C E of Spruce, E 25 by
N 127 :*>*; gift.
Goldlv Collins (wife of J. J.) to Antonctte
G. Baldwin, lot on E Has of Stanyan street. 143
S of Parna*su». a 25 by E 1CS:4; gift.
Antonette G. Baldwin tu Guy Lathrop, same;
gift.
Mary B. Elliot to Harrv C. Best, lot on E
line of Noe street, 2D0 X of Fourteenth, X 25
by E 182; $lo.
George T. and Margaret G. Smart (Gallavan)
to J. A. Dowling. lot on" W line of Alabama
street. 101 N of Twenty-sixth. N 25 by W 100;
$10.
Jeremiah J. Gallavan to James, Margaret and
Daniel Gallavan, same: %v>.
Daniel Gallavan to Margaret Gallavan, same;
*1".
Laura Goodman to Richard McCana (trustee
of the estate of Catherine McCann). lot on 3
line of Twenty-fifth street. 123:9 \V of San
chei. W 29:7 by S 11-t; ?10.
Lou:»e A. Schussl?r to Herman F. A. Schuss
ler, lot on S line of Ellis street. «7:<$ E of
Taylor. E 20 by S «!2:«: $10.
O. R. an.l Matt'e E. Bowles to B. Brjtln-ix.
undivided l '~ cf lot on N r.n* of Uusli <•'..('*.
8M:« E of Jones. E 4!> by N 137 :R; $2500.
Catherine Paine (a Nikolaus Wels. lot on NE
line of Kate street. 2::5 SE of Bryant. SE 2i>
by NE 5(>: *10.
Thomas and Catherine Fanning to EJIen Ax
till, lot eommrneins KKilO^ E of Sixteenth ave
nue at intersection of S line of Taeoma street
projected E <S:1)£ S 125. W 50:2. N to be
ginning; $12CO.
Mary M. B. Martin to William P. and Eliza
beth I. Foster let en S line of C street. 2«:S
\V of Elzhth avenue. W M4 by 9 10O: $10.
Stephen and Mar>' E. Potter and Harrison A.
and Clara W. Jones to Isaac Llebes. lot on W
line of Fourteenth avenue, 100 S of C street.
S C.'i by W 127 :«; $1*>-
Mary A. Patterson to William Witts, lot on
W line of Whitney street. SO N of Randall, N
70. \V 02. SE S3. E 4S, lots 3 and 4. block 2»J.
Falrmount; $10.
Lovell an.l Laura L. White to Nora Sullivan,
lots 2» to :rj. block F. Silver Terrace: $1100.
Caroline C. Calhoun to J. B. Painter Com
pany lot on, SW corner of Faraltanes street
and Capitol avenue. \V ISO by S 125. lot 3.
block I. Railroad Homestead; $10.
J B Company to Mary and Dora
thi.-> Fra»en. «ot on W line of Capitol' av«nne.
f.0 S of Farallone* street. S 75 by W 105. lot
5 block I. same; «10. -1'Ji
Fame to Mary E. Senntr (wife of William).
\nt on S line of Farallones street. 105 W of
<*ailtol avenue, W 75 by S 125. lot 8. block I.
Railroad Homestead Association; also lot on \\
line of Capitol avenue. 25 S of Farallon^s
street. S 23 by W 105. lot 5. block I. same: $io.
George and Sarah S. Baldwin to 8. Ducas
Company (corporation), lot 10. block Z.O. South
Fan Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso-
Cl Andrea and Maria Rovegno to G. B. Roveg
r.o. lots 14 and 15. block A. G«tz Addition to
Lnkeview. quitclaim deed: $5.
Sarah A. Cosgrove to Margaret J. McCor
mick. lot on S line of Minerva street 20O E
of Mjrengo. E 2tJ<> by S 125. lot 2. block Q.
Railroad Homestead: $10.
Peter and Mary McCarthy to Nelli* Bond,
lot on E line of Laguna street. 25:8 8 of Green
wich. S 2tt:8 by E 62:8: $10. •
Daniel Eln-teln to w'illiara B. and Eda E.
Dowllnj. lot on W line of Ljron street 100 9
of California. S 25. W 140.10^. XE 25^1.. E
13 Job*D.*and Maria G. WUlsorf to Heartett*
Sittenfeld. lot on Xff corner ' ?* ™™ « *%£
and Parker a vena*. N 113. SW 407:0^. S 1-3.
E Su < san & J. $ Whltehouse to Patrick and Jessi.
Toomey. lot en N lin*. of Sacramento street.
?.14:11S K of Flm avenue. E 25:4^,. N
117 : 11V4 W 24:lJ*.. » to tvglnnin.;: $10.
Elizabeth Ellis to Selena E.. Georg« B. and
Charles T Ellis, lot 2. block 2. Marlon Tract:
"lVibernta Savings and Loan Society to Fred
erick and John Gu.itavson. lot on E line ot Bf
venson^stteet. 77:8 S of Clinton Park. 9 63 by
E H"ei t n 2 C° 0 Magee (flrst party), William A. and
Thomas Mag" Jr.. » (second party .
William A Thomas Jr.. Frederic E. and Wai
"¦"•-- b ££i Sits: JSJ&
vv of <?lxth%E 23 by NW w>: gift.
S O^ar Hc^mnn to Jacob Herman Compaq
lot on S lineof California »m-t South. «2.6 W
U3£££X£%££ - Ma^J $1 Boomer lot
siS rjsis sr«f -«•- « -
Fc« v-fl?;t avenue. W.10 by N 100. to correct
ifarbara Thaw tf> same, lot on E line of Thir
tieth avenue. l.O 8 of R *treet. S 23 by E 123:
¦ W, lot on N Ur.» of XT street. «:* W or Forty
nr^t avtnue. W 50 by N 100: also lot on SE cor
ner of K street and Twenty-seventh avenue, E
82:8 by S 100: S10.
<?tmn and Minnie Rafferty to Mary J- L«n
non lot on KK line of Russia street. 23 SK cf
Ixjndon. SE ZO by. NE 100. block 11. Excelsior
Homestead: $10. •.'¦'*; . . . ..
Inhn Catn» to James A- MacdonaM. lot rn
SW lin« of Cain* avenue. 13O XW of I-akevl«w
street, >TE 25 fcy SW 100; lot 11. block II. Co
lumbia Heights: 110.
Anna F-. Scnutt to John II. Schutt (huaband").
all Interest la lot on W line of Do«j;as3 street,
100 N of Cas#Ul averue. N R0 by VV 120; elft."
DeCcurcy Montajnie Ooodsell to Mildred I..
Goods*ll. 1S11 D. 121. recorded March «. 1V>9
(20 pieces>." . see last deed ot abstract 23<O.
March 7. 1!W»: also lot on 8W corner nt
Fourth avenue and L street. W 10O by S 110.
lot -lit. block SI. Central Park Homestead As
sociation: also lot on NE corner, of First and
Bryant struts. N 275 by E 137:fl; glfJ.
JRELAI^ KSTATE TRAXSACT1OXS.
Chicago was" firm, but without any new Na
tures* • There wa» nothing new in this market.
CURE!. MEATb-ti»con. ll»4c per Ib for
heavv 12c lor llfht medium. 14c for light,
14U.C for extra Ilifht. 18c for sugar-cured antf
20c-" for -extra iusar-cured: . Eastern susar
cured Harp»,.l4c: California Hams. Wie
IZVici Mes3 Beef. $11 uO . per bbl ; extra M»ss.
$12@I2 50; Family. $13- prime Mess Pork *17;
extra cleaK $24r Mesa. $19: Dry Salted Pork.
12c: Pig Pork. $28: Pigs" Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Be*'f. 15c p*r lh. ; ' _., • ,
I»AR1> — Tierces quoted at » Vic per- Ibr for
compound and IK? for pure; half barrel/!, pure,
914c; 10-lb f.ns, U%c; 5-Ib tins. 0:4c; 3 : ll» tins,.
10c^ - • ' ' v "- -" ¦' ' ' ' •
COTTOLEXE — Oce-^lialf S'ic; three
half barrels, S?ic: one tierce. S*ic; two tierces.
8!4c: five tierces. 8=)ic .per Ib. i ¦¦¦
Provisions:
FLCi;R— California Family Extras, $4 r-QQ
4 85 usual term*: Bakers' Kxtras. $4 50Sj» «K».
Oregon and' Washington, $3 W)t* 20 t*r bbl
for Family and-*« »«>®4 4U for lUkwi 1 . -
M1LLSTUKF8 — Prices in packages aro as
follows: (irenam Flour, *3 25 per ICO lbs.
Rye Flour JJ W: Rye Meal.«?3; Rice Flour,
$7; Com Meal, ¦ *3 25: extra cream, do. $4; Oai
Groats, $4 W»; .Ilominy.' ?4®4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $1 5OQ4 75; Cracked Wheat, J3 75; Fa
rina $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $S SO; Rolled
Oat*, bbls, $7 25^8 W: in- eacks. $« 7J#SJ0;
Pearl Barle). $«; Sdlt Pea*; fiuxes. $7; Green
Peas. iU &O ptr 10O lbs. • , . .
Flour and Millstuffs.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Cli»f.
Wheat No. 2— . _„..
Dec. new .... 7»«i 7»H 7S-4 .?U
May M%- M'i. 8U1 b\\
July i.... "'4 T*% ™* "
Corn No. 2 — . ;¦ ....
December 41&<, 41 % 41 '4 «**
May 43\ 4-tW 42T« 43^,
July 4:<>4 4:1 H 42*i 43r«
Dexemb;^ 2^. 35U »tt «% Sjj
Mav 37'* 37 'i 3t.% -W 1 !*
juiy ::::..:... xi-* 34 3.1^ 31
Mes» Pork, per barrel—
January 11 42* 11 55 11 3.Ji 11 M
M«y 11 W( 11 S5 11 72Vi 11 M)
Lard per H*» pounds—
January « 42 >4 6 52 H 6 3TU fl 41 Jj
May 8 C2H « «7»4 « »TH 6 «^!«4
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
January ....... 0 io « 20 C 1 0 « 15
jj»- 6 35 0 37«,i 0 27H 6 .<2V,
• . TONOPAII MINEi». . .
BM AUf I Bid. Ask.
Eaperanza ... — 'Jl Ton & Cal — 21
AJacNamara . 00 13 Ton of Nev. .5 00 6 •*•'»
Mont Ton..l 25 1 27 '^ Ton N Star.. SO 31
K*w"ue OO —.Ton Midway.. 4:1 4«
Ton l>lmont. 77 — ]
Bullion 07 C8 Occidental ... 40 43
Caledonia 75 79 Ophlr 1 OO 1 »5
Challenge ( '"H 2O 22 Overman .... 22 S5
("hollar Za 22 Potosl 2" 22
Confidence ... 75 WV Savage :S7 .TS
Con C * Va.l 1O 1 15 Scorpion 03 tct
Con Imperial. >U m *,.% i;w.h<-r.. '•»; (17
Con NY... 12 14' Sierra Nev .. BO S2
Crown Point., lti 17; Silver Hill ..71 75
Eureka Con.. — 50' fit Louis .... 13 < 15
Exchequer ... 17 lsls.vndicate ... 04 on
Gould & Cur. :S4 :U> Union Con ..50 53
Hale & Noro. 45 4S Utah 11 J3
Julia i« M[ Yellow Jacket 21 22*
XczL-Y'vl; Stock market opens the ziick higher.
/¦oca! Securities still dull and featureless.
. Silver advances again. Sterling Exchange lenver.
% Local grain markets shozu little variation.
Hay weakening. Fccdsftiffs steady and unchanged.
Beans avd Seeds quiet at 'previous prices.
Butter av.d Cheese still in excessive supply and zirak.
Eggs easy, ivith slowly increasing supplies.
Dried Fruits, Xuts and Raisins still inactive.
Hop crop of Continental Europe belozc that of last year.
Supplies of Cattle, Sheep and Hogs about balance the demand.
. Two more cars of Cranberries in from Cape Cod.
Potatoes still zeeak under heavy supplies.
Summer J'cgcfablcs coining in freely from the south.
Poultry and Game in liberal supply and weak.
Apples in active demand. Oranges quiet.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Dullness sdll prevails In these -markets and
prices show no change.
FRUIT — Apricots, 7g9c for Royals and 9@
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4'«5' 2 c,
¦im-drUd. Hy-«Mc; Peaches. -1 V.'uti'-ic: Pears.
C^lOc; Nectarines. 4@5MsC; Figs, white. 4fi4v«c
In boxes; black.. 4'^c: Plums. Bitted. OtfOc p<r
1 PRUNES— 1003 crop, 2!i#2%c for the four
"•'UAISIXS — jv V>. b. prices. Fresno^ .for 1903
crop: -50-lbbo\»e — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown.
6'/»c per Ib: 3-crown. 6-%c: 4-erown,-«V4c: Seed
lees- MueratelK, 4Vic: do. floated. 4V4c; un
l>16aetifd Sultanas. 4 >,£c: Thompson's Seedless.
R\4c. London layers— 2-crown. «t 25; 3-crown.
81 tt: 4-crown clusters. $2: 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 PO; (i-crown Imperials. $."!; Malaga iJtote. 2
crown. 5c per lb; do S-crown. 5%c; Valencia
Cured 4 V4**: P«clfle. do, .'i^ic: Oriental, do.
5%c. Seeded Ra!.«ln?— 10-oa packages, fancy.
80 per 1b: choice. 7'.»c: 12-oa packages, fancy,
fl^c; choice. t%c: in bulk, fancy. 73ic; cholc*.
7 a ic
'•v(jTS Walnuts No. 1 softshell. 13',i@14c;
No. 2 ll>i(S12c; No. I hardshell. W©W'ic:
No SL lliill'ic; Almond?, lie for Nonpareils.
lO'.'c for I X'U 10l«o for Ne Plus Ultra and
K e ;c for Lanenedoc; Peanuts, &07c for East
ern: Pecans. lligl.V: Cocoanuts. $4 M«5: Call,
fornfa Chestnuts, «dlOc per Ib, ,and 10#llc
f °IIONKY^-Comb 1 1613c for white and 9S10C
for amber; water white extraeted.5fi.V4c;
light amber extracted. 4H«f".c: dark. 3'-..'u4c.
BEESWAX— 2T6.29C perlb. . •
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
only to again become strong. The qpenlng was
strong on the falling off in the world's ship
ments a.nd hither orices at Liverpool. Small
receipts, in the Northwest also contributed to
the bullish sentiment, and May opened *i *»•!«<•
to HfiHc higher at 81 Vic to KlNc- Commis
sion houses had liberal offerings and there was
some liquidation. While there was a good gen
eral demund at the Mart the selllnK became
so fervent that the market was unable to with
stand the pressure and prices declined. May
selling off. to SU4c- Reports of rains In Argen
tina and fears of damage to tne winter wheat
cp'P ty.the cold wave brought out a good
commission-house demand later In th« day.
Evidence of support from the big bull operator
was also a factor In the latter part of the ses
sion. OfTt-rings. too. were much lighter than
earlier in the day. After advancing to a2®
*>24.c. May closed at M%c. a gain of *^c
Corn was strong in sympathy with wheat
and en continued small receipts. May closed
et 43H64-Hic.
Oats were steady nt the opening in sympathy
with the strength in other grains, but as the
section advanced an easier tone developed and
elo»>ln* prices showed a slight loss. May closed
at 3ea;c.
Provisions were steady «>arly in the day. but
prices received a setback under selling of lard
by several commission houses for foreign ac
count. There was also some evidence of pack
ers felling rlbJ. May pork closed a shade low
er, lard was down 2^S5c and ribs off 2H©5e.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Art,
•4s qr coup ..109'^llON 4s qr cp newlW.jl.'U'i
4s qr reg ..100 110 ?.s qr coup..l0S —
MISCELI^VXEOUS BONDS.
Do 5s — HO
Ala A W 5s. — — Do con 5s. — 1"4
Bay CPC Ca. — lin 6 W gtd 5s. — 9T
Cal O G :>f. — KKJ Oceanic S 5s - 75
Cat O ,t E k Om Cable «s. 120 121 '-i
m & ct 5». — Io2!a »'ac O Im 4s. 95 10O
Cal-»t 5s .. — — p E Ry 5s.lCt5=;iO7
V. C Wat 5s. — K.0 P A C II fs. — —
KU L & PtJs.1^ — p & O It Gs-Ufi'i^O
K & C II «s. — 117 JPowell-#t 6s.llS^« —
<;eary-J>t 5f. 45 HO S F GAR 5s. »5 10<>
II C&S r»>is.HMii — .-SF * SJVSs. — 117!i
H C & S 5s. — 101 S R of C fn.H2!4 —
Hon K T tla.104 10« S P of A Cs
L A El*C Bs.l0t'il05'i (1S0U) 107»-iias
L A Ry 5s. — ' us <!!i»W /...less —
I-ALCoOi.-' — S P of C Bs *-' ¦
Do gtd 6». — — . (I(K!5)Sr A.I02H —
Do gtd .'.s. — 104 ~(1!>05)Sr B.\WV,W*
LAP lem Ss.101 — fl»C«!) ....104%105
Mkt-st c cs.ns — (ini2> n*^ '«.-.'.; |
Do lem 5s. •— 114 ;.SPC 1 cr 5s.114 117«i
NRlt of Ci!s. — ios Do stmp<l.l<>tt*Vil<'7
Do 5» 114«i -. IS P B It Cs.131 13316
X P C R 5s. — 107 iS V W i:s..lO5»ili:i!i;
NCR 5s.. — 110 Do 4s 2dm. 0H\ ftoi; i
N C P C ."«¦. — . 101 I Do 4» Mm. — —
X S R R Ss. OS — jStkn (1AK fo — ICO
O O I, 11 5s.lO7 — | IT O & K 5s. — U«3
O T Co b's..H7fi — i ¦'
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 42 1 Port Costa.. — .—
Marin Co .. 61 — Js V AY Co., oS 38%
GAS AND ELECTRIC. -
Cent L & P. 3!-< 4'JS F G & E. 66?; C7
Mutual K L. u 10 js K Gas I... :s ' » :",
Pac G Im..'.'V4 »4%istkn G * E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 55 M — il t; .* K... — —
Sac K.G&R. — ( .
• '*-* TRI'STKES* CERTIFICATES, j
S F G & E. 07 «7';! \
TX^ITRANCE. J ¦'•-
Flrem's Fnd-T20 •—/;!, - ',':¦• .'_.
. • •• ¦ : UANK STOCKS. " !
Am-N»« Ifk.125 13t»' |L P A-A...160 170
AnKlo-Cal . —85 - : »1 ' 1 Mer .Trust .-.'-CIO —
Hank of Cal.447% — ' j Merch Ex .. . — —
Cal *afe Dp.149 — S F Nation!.'— —
First Natlonl — ' — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2230 2275 Sav & L So. W 101
Hum S * L. — — Sec-Sav l;k.liu» '5DO
Mutual Sav. 100. 1C5> Union T Vb. — —
S I* :>av U.uiij — - ¦ «
' . i STREET RAILROADS. _ _
California .. — 205 -(Presidio . . . ; 89»; 45
, Geary ¦'¦..'.!..* 80- )•••»> -» :-¦¦¦ <.<¦
\t-Iv i&ii'ii . .POVYDEJt 1 ;;^^': '^.
• Giant ...;..— J Vigorlt . .% . ; 3T1 4»i
- -SUGAR.
liana P Co. — SOc Kilauea St'-'j 6
Hawaiian C. 44 '4* 45 Makawrll C. 22',i —
Honokaa S C 12 V, V.iy~ Onomea S C — 32
Hutch H P C »!i 10 Paauhau S C 14 15 #
, MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P AO37H140 Oceanic S Co 6 6
Cal K C A. 92 03 P»c Aux FA 4^i SI*
Cal Wine A. »<) ai Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Buatd —
20 Alaska Packers' Assa 142 00
lw Pacific Lighting Co 55 0O
10 S F Gas Jfe Electric Co 67 5O
100 .Spring Valley Water Co 3S to
$10,MJ0 S V 0 per cent bonds 10« •»>
Street-v
CO S F Gas & Electric Co CS 00
$10.€liO }* 1* C 1st c 5 per cent istmpd>.10<i 75
$2,000 V S 3 per ct bonds (coup). iO.H« 12'i
Afternoon Session.
— • • Board —
2O California Fruit Canners' 02 00
I310M L A Pac R R 1st c 5 per cent. .101 <»>
*5,»W Pacific Elcciric Ry 5 per cent..l<W TT, |
25 Pacific Lighting 55 r5 ,
4O S F <Jaa & Electric Co. s 3.. «7 W
. 10 S F Gas & Electric Co 07 • (»
1W Hrring Valley Water Co 3*i Co
$10, 0W S . V 0 per cent bonds 100 1 0
California Stock and Oil Exchange \
Oil Stock— Bid. ' A.«kr«l. !
Alma i ,S5
Apollo 4O . !
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 l'i>
Aztec 75
California Standard ' 10
Caribou 1 10 ..... ,
Central Point- C«n C."V ....
{Chicago Crude 13
Clarrmont -* . ....
Espt-ranza 1 .'4 .... ,
Four G) ....
Fulton ....
Giant 'JO
Hanford 1"5 oo ....
Home 1 "24
! Imperial I* » « 1
j Independence ,. 13 in
' Junction .... ' la
Kem .;.. 5 0t>
i Kern lUver :7... 1O0O-. "«..<
! Lion • 02
Monarch (of Ari:ona) 45 4»J j
Monte Crifto • 70 -j
Occidental- cf W Va 17 . IS
Oil City Petroleum 2*
Peerlesa 14 00
Plttsburg lft 20
I Reed Crude (old) ¦\9 ....
' S F * McKlttrlek 3«ft ....
San Joaquln O *. D. 4 00 ....
[Senator ••- •>••
! Sovereign : 5- s ••-.
; Sterling 2 5S ....
Superior .' () 5 07
Thirty-three " 0» "50
Toltec 1» 2<)
Twenty-eiRht ..; * 25
West Shore 200 ....
Associated Bonds *. tw*»
Miscellaneous —
: Abby Land & Improvement 1 50
Alemeda Sugar 2tf 00
American Biscuit '•• ••••
American District Tel • "- - ••••
Cal Gas & Electric Corp ....
California Cotton Mills S3 CO 85 00
California Jockey Club -
California ShlppIhK Co 2(» 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust
Central Bank of Oakland .-¦¦*
Chutes Company »I • «5
Cypress Lawn Imp Co ?» 50
Fischer's Theater 2 0«» 2 25
Gas Consumers' Assn * ••••
Honolulu Sugar 12 50 ....
Northern Cal Power 12 00 ;...
North Shore Railroad ,:•;;..
Orph p um Company lai.Vj
Pacific States Tt! & Tel .... .
Parafnne Paint S.1 00 ....'
San Francisco Dry Dock .. ..... ....
Sanitary Reductlop Works.. 1 45 ....
Sau«alito Land & Ferry • ....
Sperry Flour Company ¦ ....
Standard Electrle ••- -•••
Te-la Coal Co 25 00 SO 00
i Truck ee Electric •" - ••••
Union Sugar .... ....
United Gas & Electric .... ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board — • . ..._
i 100 Home Oil * £•>
2C0 Sovereign Oil • .3 s
Afternoon Session. < •
Board — . ' ,.
ICO Independence Oil -I;
70 S F & McKHtrlck OIL-.. ......... 3 OO
5CO Sovereign Oil •••• *»
— — .• .. "-¦:
¦Mm ing Stocks. ~ : v "
SAN* FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.-
VollowlnE were the sales on. the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
llornlnsr Seyion..
300 Andf« 22; a* Overman .... 23
KX> Andes 24 S» Overman 24
I!C0 Andes 2-T :tfK> Potcs! 21
not) Belcher 22 200 Savage 4.1
T.CO Caledon!a *1 :W0 Savage 42 1
400 Chollar 2^ :t00 Sierra Nev .. Mil
'HX» Con C & Va.l 20 SCO Rlerra N«v .. »!
70O Gould & Cur. .*U« 100 Union Con '.. 6S !
n CO Mexican t 10 COO Union Can .'.' 67 I
20O Mexican 115 4CO Utah -v .*. 12 |
! 100 Ophlr 2 10 (100 Utah ........ 13 i
Stock ami Bond Exchange.
MONDAY. Dec. 14—2 p. m.
Mark Emerson. C. R. Splivalo and- George C.
Rcss. l .
205,000" bushels. The Chicago market w*>'j
strong with light receipts. The weather in J
the Argentine was favorable on the whole.
Cash grain In this market waa" unchanged,
but futures were lower. ¦
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, - $1 40#l 42H: California
White Australian, $1 55001 Northern Club.
II 4001 41 U: Northern Bluest* m, $1 50®l 51 Vi:
Oregon Valley. $1 40.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. " High. Low. ' Close.
Mav $1 K»% »1S34 »1 Xl% I1SIH
December .. 1 :*H 1 35HV; 1-3SH 1 354
BARLEY— The market wag very quiet at
previous prices, and the uncertain weather led
bU>er8tOh ° ld CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 1<!«?1 13?«: Shipping and Brew-
Ing. (1 1501 "O; Chevalier, $1 -Ual 43 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES. ,
Session y to lliUO a. m. , .
No eales. • •:• ' ! ¦'¦\ n '-'-", " •"_• ¦ • i
-2 : p.. m.'Se*slon. .'. .¦.' ;¦.,¦],
May— $1 04. ; .;• -,-'¦ ;.x>" " : ;"- :' '". ¦•"¦- '' ,*.. :
OATS — The 'local -trade continue to, report a
'fair business" for -fred -ami' se«d account : ax
*>tcady prices uffer/ngs ."are ample' but-' nqt
i heavy and . receipts from the . nortn. are run
ning rather light Just now.- --The possible Gov
ernment order now. pending imparts a strength
ening tone to the~"marktt.-.\.'' , •.¦¦' ""'."'
White, *i •.--•u&lW ' for. California and
' $1 27?*.fal 35 for Northern;- Black. $1 4Uif?t«a;
lied. $1 - # Ctf 1 ".'t-'i lor. reed and f l-ZZfyl 35, for
; seed; Gray. 1iH2*t,. *. . ;
'. CORN Rather more Inquiry in reported at
• unchanged quotation*. '--'"I, ' •"¦*
Western tdohru, H 25 for bellow. $1.25 for
White ami $1 -. % 0&l tSWitOt. Mixed; California
large Yellow, $1 22>.4tol 30; umall round do.
! Jl iiHdl .'-•>• White. $1 2561 30 per ctl.
RYli— $1 254»1 W per ctl.
Ui'CKWUM'f- tx -'5a- 50 per ctl.
PEARS-^WInter Nellls. from cold stone*.
$1 ii0fy2 per box. -
QUINCES — KXgSOc per box.
PERSIMMONS — .VJce$l per box.
GRAPES — 50©«0c.for small boxes and S5c©
$1 10 for crates: large boxes. $1@1 50.
CITRUS- FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 25©
2 50 per box; Seedlings. ~3c3$l: Tangerines.
$1**1 50 for half boxes and 75e#$l for quarter
boxes; Japanese Mandarins, $1 25 per
box: Lemons, $1@2 per box: Grape Fruit.
SI CD@2 50; Mexican Limes. $4f*4 60: Bananas.
$1@2 per bunch for Hawaiian and $2ti-S
for Central American; Pineapples. $283 50 per
dozen. . . ¦
¦'' ' ..',.. ' ¦ _\ . -¦¦'¦.I ..¦.'..¦ - " ¦ ' ' , \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Local stocks continued quiet, with variations
few and generally narrow, the. widest being 'In
tun Snd Electric, which declined from $67 12',*
to $«8 12 «4 to $«7. Spring- Valley Water . wai
*'Tne O Yenow Jacket Mining Company has" lev
led an assessment of 10c. - ~-
The Pacific Auxiliary Fin Alarm. Company
raid an extra dividend of 10 cents per share
Lodge Misonlc. Hall Association has
declared a dividend. of 40 cents per share, pa»
able December 15. '. \ ' . ,...:."
• The Bar Mateo County Savings Bank of Red
wood. City.;, with a capital stock'of $5O,ono,>all
of 'which hae been fully paid up. has been in
corporated with the following directors: Dr. J.
L. Ross. . L. P.\ Behrens. P. '. P. . Chamberlain.
George H.* Rice, James Crowe/ A. J. Marcus,
MOXDAT. Dec. 14—4 p. tn.
Bid. Ask. .' ¦ . Bid. Ask.
Alpha ........ 03 .• .08 Justice :..V.V- C» 10
Alta. . 01 OS Kentuck ..... 03 .CS
Andes; :. 1» 20 Keyes Graes. — ISO
Belcher 21 23 Lady Wash .. — 03
Best * Belch.l 75 2 00 Mexican .....TOO 1 05
Fireman Hnrt In Denver.
DENVER, Colo.. Dec. 14.— Fire broke
out in the building: on Market street
occupied by the Hardesty Manufactur
ing Company to-day, causing a loss
estimated at $20,000. The Hardesty
Manufacturing Company and the Colo
rado Produce Company were the prin
cipal losers. Captain H. M. Sorwash
of Hook and Ladder Company No. 2
fell from the second story of the build-
Ing to the -basement, sustaining Inter
nal injuries. It is believed he will re
cover
WHEAT— The foreign markHs were not ma
terlally changed. The world's shipments -lor
the week were as follows, in quarters: Rus
sian. SeO.OOO: Danublan 219.000; Argentina,
'^3.000; Indian. 01,000. ¦ The Russian Central
Statistical - Committee estimates the spring
crops In s'Vfniy-lwo governments as follows,
compared with 1002. Wheat. S1.6O2.fl0O quar
ten, against 4S.239.000; Oats, £3,830.000 quar
ten against 87.6M>,000; Corn. 5,910,000 quar
ter*, against 5.658.000.
The American visible supply increased 2,-
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
.ew Al'CTION PALE OF HORSES AND
*-^ 11AKJS, WEDNESDAY. Dec. IB. at
11 a. m.. ARCADE HOftSK MARKET. 327
SIXTH ST. Korty-flve horses and mares.
Every horse must t- ij represented or money
refunded. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
Of Christmas gifts. 1 handsome donkey cart
and harness. 2 pinto ponies. 4 stylish surries.
1^ bug^len. 7 wagonsi. 4a horses, 40 sets of
harn»ss. Must be old.
Tuesday. Sec. 15, 11 a. m.. at
1140 Folaoni St.
AUCTION SALE
About it. Room 20. second floor of PheUn
Building. Telephone Main 1S32.
That ia> what it mean.* to dispose of your
goods where they have b«en us-U. rie«
ANDERSON,
The Auctioneer,
"Qnickly the Highest Amonnt."
AUCTION SALESTHE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL", TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1903.
14
Tf~-P WANT-"! FRMALK <?«"»•___
A SECOND girl. $30: nurse one «4 h!Id \. $ r T5 :
chambermaid. $25; house girl. $»5. MK&.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
NEAT. resrectable~~Blil: housework and cook-
ing; small family; good wages. J.3 Sancne...
TALENTED amateur performers. A PP' y . ''
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: — lary no object.
A LADY free from home cares can secure per-
manent position by addressing Immediately.
Box 4S0«. Call. ..
Ai YOUNG girl to learn dressmaking at MRS.
"NELSON'S, 1017 Geary st^
FIRST-CLASS Btenographe— furnished. Mhi
M O. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and • ub9orIptio " h ,"
been opened at 100S Market *t.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. ~.
HELP WASTED — 31A— E»
I-MUnRAY _ READY. C34-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 6S4S.
Leading Employment, and La L_jor ABentsi ,
1002 We Gave 1903 ~-e HGi%e
45.000 Men Work. CO, 000 Men W cr_.
ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT. j
FOREMAN, ORCHARD VINEYARD.
GCOD WAGES FOR Al MAN.
Painter, striper, etc., city.
2 lumber graders, boss here. $75. -'%'
•Man and wife, ranch. $35 and found.
Tinsmith, city; carriage trimmer.
Choreman, private residence. $35 and found.
BOSS HERE-LUMBER COMPANY.
6 timber fellers. 5 crosscut sawyers.
Stableman. $t;O; assistant baker. $30 and fd. ;
Second cake bakers. $15 week; driver, middle-
aged man. city grocery wagon, $S week;
butcher, shop, $30 and found.
40 ITALIANS.
Woodchoppers, tools, found. MURRAY &
READY. t ¦¦¦
ELECTRICIAN' $eo and board: Janitor for in-
stitution $30 to $35 and found: boatman for
hunting club. $30 and 'found; vineyard man
and farmer. $1 a day and board; cook and
wife, country $105 and found and fare re-
funded, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
C23 Sacramento et.
WANTED— American clerk about 40 to 50
* years old to act as collector and aometimes
as salesman; must be a single man and be
satisfied with $50 a month; references must
be unexceptional; a man having a little in-
come outside of salary preferred. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — First-class chef, second, broiler and
others for restaurant; non-union; best wages.
See J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 628 Sacramento.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
. 520— SACRAMENTO ST.— 520.
Phone Main 1101. Cor. Leidesdorft st.
COAL MINERS— NEW MEXICO.
CHICO. BUTTE COUNTY— HALF FARE—
Ship positively to-night. 20 2 and 4 horse
teamsters. $2 25 and $2 50 day: 3 farmers,
$20 and found; 2 laborers. $2: 25 tlemakers.
0c to ISc tie. tools advanced: middle-aged
man and wife charge small country house
(hotel). $50 and found, see boss here.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S— Phone Grant 185
420 Bush et B42 Clay at.
25 YOUNG CARPENTERS WITH TOOLS.
Reno Nevada Free Fare.
$3 day Board $4 50 week
/ C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMPLOYMENT
OFFICE
429 Bush st C42 Clay st.
MALE help wanted at San Francisco Employ-
ment Bureau, 17 Fourth et. — One bricklayer,
plastereis" helpers, registered Dlumber. SAN
FRANCISCO EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
phone Grant 26.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Potwasher for country, £J0.
YOUNG man of good appearance for tailoring
department: permanent position to right
party: reference required. Apply S. N.
WOOD _ CO.. 740 Market st.
YOUNG men everywhere; copy letters home
evenings; $9 50 week. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. 3. 4,
box Ull.tPhiladelphla, Pa.'
STEADY, honest, man for outside work: some
collecting: salary $12; permanent position;
$2C0 deposit required. IS Montgomery at.,
room 8.
BOY wanted between the ages of 14 and IS.
Apply E. H. LEVY, Inc.. 513 Market st.
STRONG boy at the Hermann Safe Co., 307
Battery st.. Icon Dept.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 328 Bush
St., third lioor. room 4.
WANTED— Office boy. Call at 600 Fourth
Bt., Tuesday.
$150 — BARBER shop; three living rooms; com-
pletely furnished. 1641 Geary.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker to work Inside; good
wages; steady work. 1103 Market st.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition In San
Francis :o Barber School.- 741 A Howard st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 6 Stockton st.
BARBERS — Well-paying 2-chair shop for sale.
1H Polk and Market sta.
BARBER shop; 3 chairs; good location; trans-
fer point. DECKELMAN BROS :
BARBER shop for sale; cheap. Inquire 632%
Third st. -
A BELLBOY wanted. Call Bohemian Club;
must have best of references.
MAN to work in hotel. 1443 Harrison st.
A^ L „
Men to learn the barber trade in two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLEK System
College. >~5 Clay st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form sho?a at $2 SO, or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st,. Exam. bldg.. & doors from Market.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 14.
fifth floor, 305 Larkln St.. for free informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.;
day or evenings.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 4TS Parrott building.
PALMER HRNDRIKSON. formerly of Seattle,
is earnestly requested to write to his sorrow-
Ing mother or come home.
WANTED— Printer to run small job office on
per cent: everything new. 60 Thirteenth st.
WANTED — 50 reliable young Protestant, white
American men. 18 to 21 years. Box 2090. Call.
FIRST-CLASS saloon porter wanted. 152 East
St.; call early; wagea $12.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; party leaving
city. Call 647 Howard st.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done, for ?5c. 50c
and fiflc while you wait at 563 Mission St.,
bet. l9t and 2d sts., or 11 Third St.?
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and 35:
pood character: must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in a'l parts ofthe^world. on land In our
island possessions and at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
IF vou are net satisfied with your salary, we
have an opening whereby you can earn legit.-
mately $40 weekly; gentlemanly occupation:
cood a-Viri-. busine-s kv.owle.Ue "«;?¦"•;£'•
Royal Mercantile Co., suite 19, Columbian bid.
WANTED— An all around bockblnder; cne who
can do forwarding and fln«"»>'ns; on,- full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741
Market St. jr-. ________
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
ndded 1C0 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
TRY our men s shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form saoes at $'-" 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis «t. ; 14
years' practice; 'references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
PFNSION atty.. E. A. Bul'is, room 40. Phelan
bidg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
. naw and second-hand shoes: cheap. 235) 3d st.
SE \MEN for Australia nr.d Europe; also green
hands for whaling. HERMAN.S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER ¦Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free "bus and baggage to and fr;j— ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has h*en
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m..
ALL *lzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
. price. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GFT your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. Ct.l Mission st.. bet. 1st and "I sts.
HORSES A.VD WAGONS.
SELLING out "at auction. 43 horses, over. 1 CO
styles of wagons, surreys, buggies carts and
. harness at 1140 • Folsom «.. Tuesday. De- -
ccmber 15, 11 a. m.
.DENTISTS.
DR GRUSS. 504-5-0 Callaehan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sta.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der the only device ever Invented for grind-
In*, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting tiOc: gag given.
A, NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 60; fillings. 60c;
plates. $5; full set: all work painless and war-
ranteO. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2* Sixth it.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. eurgeon dentist,
room 14, Phelan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth $1 CO up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr. O.B.He wilt. 204 Sutter.
EDUCATIONAL. '
CALIFORNIA Business College will move the
first of the year to Its new home, SOO-825
Golden Gate ave.. occupying 18,000 square
feet, the entire top floor of the new and spe-
cially fittwl building of the Pioneer Automo-
bile Co.. delightfully located opposite Jeffer-
6on Square. Every modern idea looking to
• the health, comfort and best advancement of
our students will be Incorporated. All de-
partments are to be reorganized and refur-
nished throughout. When occupied It will be
the largest, iinest and most complete business
college west of Chicago.
Write at once for our 75-page 'illustrated .
catalogue, telling all about our special 25 per
cent removal discount rates.
Address 300 Larkin st. for the present.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA. Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes--
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAL' L GERSOX School of Acting/ the
foremost institution of the kind In the entire
West: 12 teachers; send for catalogue. Na-
tlve Sons* bldg.. 414 Mason st.
HKALD'S School of Mines & Electrictty.24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evg».. Teutonia Hall, Howard sh, nr.
f)th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1230
Market st. — Practical, progressive, rentable;
. day and evening sessions : write for catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., mln., mech., sur-
vey assay, cyanide: day, ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalller. School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
KENT Law School; always open day and
night. 530 Parrott building (Emporium).
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall. 840 Geary ft.: call '2 to G.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, jrrammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.Cth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPIIEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 42G Poweli. Tel. Main 5752.
A--GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton; te_ Grant IPS; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment OT-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188. '
CHINESE Employment Ofrice— Besr help at
Leon ScunK's. 411H O'Facrell; tel: East 42t>.
CHINESE- and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTE O-— FEMALE.
AN American girl, first-class cook and house-
worker; can take full charge: best refer-
ences. MRS/ NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A RESPECTABLE woman, is a good cook and
will do washing, and would like to live across
the bay in a private American family; likes
children. 704 Fnlsoin s
A GERMAN lady would like a place; can do
general housework, also a little washing;
wages not under $20. Box 4SS3, Call office.
A GOOD German cook wishes a sHuatlon;
light housework; small family. 477 Jessie
st., near Sixth. - '
A LADY will chaperon echool girls East for
holidays: go as companion, nurse or care
for Invalid for expenses. Box 3183, Call.
A LADY would like a place to take care of
an invalid lady and charge of house if re-
quired; will call Monday. _ Address box
3707, Call office. ,
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to do
housework and cooking; no washing. Box
3708. Call office. -
A RELIABLE woman wishes position as first-
class cook; wages $25 to $30. Apply 612A
. Octavia *U_
A POSITION wasted as cook; Spanish. French
and American; wages $35 to $40. Call at
1747' Hyde «t.. near Broadway.
WOMAN wants, to do washing at home. 20t
Ellsworth st. ' '
COMPETENT nureo would like a few more pa-
tlents or care of invalid. 617 Ninth St.. Oak-
land. ¦ : '•'-¦¦¦-•-
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan - Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
VALET— A neat youns man desires position
either' as valet or butler: is of good and
cheerful disposition, does not use 'liquors or
tobacco;, has traveled extensively with in-
; valid gentleman; can procure Al references.
OSCAH A. GARDELL. 1416 Howard; st.
ENERGETIC young man would do household
duties - ut private residence In exchange for
'room or room and board. Box 3164, Call.
A RELIABLE, handy man of 34, good habits,
wants office ¦ or other ' Indoor work; . wages
: $150. "Box 3171. Call office.
WANTED— Position as night clerk by eober,
•reliable man. Box 3184, Call office.; .-.,.--. .
MIDDLE-AGED, - well-educated man (double
entry, stenography. • typewriting. .. foreign Ian-.
. guages, . etc.) . desires practical experience . In
a . mercantile office. . Addreas box 3180, Call.
A YOUNG man wants ; position, as engineer;
first-class references: experienced with large
plants. Box 3182, • Call office.
WANTED— Situation ; as draughtsman or super-"
•"lntendent in a cut stone yard;'. 15 years', ex-
'..perlence.;' Address box'4781;. Call.
EXPERIENCED 'man' would < like position of
any kind.-'" about ' electric rpower station;
< country or city. - Box : 3763. Call.
, Day and
Night class.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
r gT^wTliCE, Real~Estate and Business
Agrnt lestabilshed 14. years), 2t>!i Kearny
St., loom* V and 10.
A j.h;m» COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
the water front. C4u«e 10. Market BC; ualiy
receipts' about $<>5: business charing $.t«n»
l*-r month; trial given; a splendid oner; in-
vestigate at once. !?«« it. vi. WILKE, -t»',i
Kearny fl.
A— $:t5<»0; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
in Point Richmond: rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and btand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
company; owner never clears Has than $.'HW
per month. Call K. G. WlLKK, 2«Vi Kear-
ny St.
A — $iso(»; HALF interest in one of the best
corner falcons on water front; lease; dis-
agreement of i-artners cause of tale; will
sell whole for $34<JO. Call R. G. WILKE.
I'ti'-i Kearny st. «¦
A — $1250; CORNER saloon on Fourth St., close
to S. P. freight sheds; S furnished rooms
and kitchen; a good paying business. S«e
H. G. WILKE. 2BVs Kearny st.
A— $S00; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
sture: rent ?22: business clears above $1W
per month: living rooms; value In sight.
Call II. G. WlLKK, 2UMi Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery; close to
Pheian building; a good paying busln-.s*.
but must b* sacrificed ca account of owner
being eick In hospital. Particulars, K. G.
WILKE, 2G'i Kearny st.
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
in Monterey County, with Z acres of land,
dwelling house, slaughter hois?, shop fix-
tures, boiler, tank, etc. ; 8 hordes, wagons
and a well established trade; this is a nm-
clafF business proposition. All particulars.
R. G. WILKE, 28% Kearny st.
A— $3500: CORNER calocn. about 1 block south
of Chronicle bldg.; established years and a
first-claia paying ulace; fullest investigation
solicited: this is a very rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE, 20 4 Kearny et.
A— $30fi0; GENERAL merchandise store about
00 miles from this city; a well-established
and first-class paying business; yearly ial«s
abcut $15,000; all cafh trade: a very rare
chance. Particular*. R. G. WILKE, 2CVi
Kearny et.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable bust.
ness opening In San Francisco? If so. we can
offer you any number requiring an Investment
from $100 to $50,000; every business oppor-
tunity that parses through our office njuft
ttAnd the closest investigation, and we can ;
place you In a store, factory, hotel, mill. of-»
flee, or, in fact, any business you may prefer;
kindly call and investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A^ 5 PER CENT MONTHLY.
fOn Investments of $100 and upward: no "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf spe<-ulatlon cr gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise In San Francisco; cleared
$G7.000 last year on $100,000 capital; stock
increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant; call or
write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION. ~
Do ynu wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will Invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our book? seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building. '
FOR Faie or to lease for term of years; well-
t.iin-n established health resort in Lake Co.,
lncl'!dli-!g :;•• furnished rooms, barn, several
valuable mineral springs, plenty fresh water;
property is 5 minutes' walk from Bartlett
Spring* Hotel. Call at 11W McAllister st. to
see owner, or address, with references. Mil!:.
H0PP1N, Bartlett Springs. Cal.
A Rare Opportunity.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
loca.te.1 in Cal.; assays $4<) to $70 ton; trade
for r'm'g house or business.Cameron.3 Eddy.
FOR rale — Best little restaurant In city; rent
!13; centre!; receipts $35 to $40 day; must
If ave town: price $1200 CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
HAVE you anything to sell or money to Invest?
Writ« us for particulars; agents everywhere.
Almiena Investment Syndicate. 70s Market
et.. San Francisco. Cal.
A GROCERY and liquor store at Invoice; sun-
ny living rooms, with bath; prlca $500; rent
$20. A. STENBERG _ CO.. 7S'H-i Market.
$450— A NEIGHBORHOOD store; gold on ac-
count of sickness and departure; stationery,
candies, etc.; stock and furniture complete;
lease if desired: a big bargain. Apply at 1002
Broadway. Oakland.
A — WORKINGMAN'S boarding-house: good lo-
cation; low rent: steady boarders; uo agents.
Bex 2803. Call office. s
A FINE location for an oyster parlor. Inquire
at 52 Seventh st.
$45oHsAIX>ON: pood locality: rent $20; 3 living
rcoms. Central Agency. VM Market st.
$750 — WHOLESALE fruit and produce busl-
nr&s; in wholesale district; old established;
owner wishes to retire. Box 3762, Call.
WANTED — To buy small bakery without
wagon route; city or vicinity. Address box
2U»7. Call.
FOR sale — Dental practice. establUtie.! D years.
Instruments and furnished house of 7 rooms,
$1000; or dental practice $500. Box 4S62. Call.
1 NOTIONS, candy, light groceries; cheap rent;
four fine living rooms. 1300 Sanchez Kt; take
Castro-st. car. corner of Twenty-sixth' st.
FOR eale — A sun and bicycle house: good lo-
cation and business; good reason for selling.
For terms apply S23 J st..- Sacramento. Cal.
TO LKT — Chicken ranch; rent $10. Apply 1938
MiEPlon bt. 1
EARBER shop for sale cheap; running S chairs
steady. Call 219 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
BROWN & CO.. business brokers, est. 1880; ad-
vertising money advanced. 1221 Market st.
GROCERY and bar for sale. For particulars,
316 Froht st.
TO SELL or rent — A restaurant on account of
leaving city. 2SS1 10th St.. near Howard.
$t>50 — Express business on principal tt., with of-
fice nr. RR. sta.; 3 wagons. Box 3724, Call.
BARBERS — For sale, hydraulic chair, mirror
and work rtnnd; cheap. 2837 Greenwich st.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, tu page*, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
LOOCilMi-HOliSES KOIl SALE.
"Established IS "''" yeai'sT]
We will sell any house]
MARION on the Installment plan.]
GRIFFIN. Business — Is — Booming.]
Call. write or phone us]
for big free list of houses.]
Title abstract furnished free. 1
[Room 40«, "Examiner" Building.]
Phene Black 3607. Take elevator to 4th floor.
Corner 3d and Market Bts.. San Francisco.
TO LET, elegantly furnished 0-room flat.
HERE'S your chance: Big transient house,
heavily mortgaged: must be sold at once; will
clear $500 month if rightly managed. -
OVER $300 profit — onthly; 63 rooms; nice
corner; clean as a new pin.
GOLDEN GATE ave.; 20 rooms: house built
one yfar ago; mahogany- and oak furniture;
heavy Brussels carpets; Income $111 over rent.
ONE floor: 24 rooms, centrally located; rent
$80: bank bonk shows $100 month profit last 12
months; price $1200; an Impending wedding.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished; CO rooms; house
well known throughout the State; elevator;
clears $300 month; $6000; \ t cash; 4-year
lease; exact book accounts are kept.
HOUSE of 40 rooms. 4 blocks of Market;
price $3000; building and furniture 1 year old.
CENTER of city; 17 large, outside, sunny
rooms; rent $50; monthly income $154.
NEW, beautiful brick building of 140 rooms;
electric elevator; electric lights; splendidly ap-
pointed; magnificently furnished in quarter-
sawed oak and bird's-eye maple.
TRANSIENT house of 23 rooms, clearing
$125 month: reduced from $2400 to $1700; %
down and monthly Installments; rent $100...
NEW bouse gorgeously furnished in velvet
and bird's-eye maple; 37 rooms; 5-year lease; ,
clears $175 month; for sale on easy terms.
PARTLY furnished 22 rooms, north of Mar- \
ket, to exchange for a flat; better come early.
NEAR Hyde et.: 12 rooms. $600: clears $40
month; housekeeping; sunny side of street. }
HOTEL— 83 rooms; oak and cherry furni-
ture; big business: big bar trade; solid mahog-
any bar; price $0500; long established house.
SPLENDID, quiet, eminently respectable little
house; near theaters, restaurants and the re-
tall shopping district; 5 minutes' walk to
Kearny st. : clears $05; clean, complete, coxn-
- fortable; an honest bargain: sold en account
of departure. MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Ex- |
aminer building. .
A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly f urnirhed rooms, on Van Ness ave. :
rcoms always occupied snd first-class patron-
age. See R. O. WILKE. 2«H Kearny sU '
FOR sale— Modern 8- room' flat; * central; two !
. months furnished: - $390 down, balance $25
per -month; obliged . to . leave city; snap.*
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
C?"e7Tu^k1lEyT~~"^ C. E. HINKLEY.
Phone Mint 706.
1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth st.
Cur Guarantee. Satisfaction to All.
Former Patrons My Best References.
J SUNNY corner, 2t rooms: clears $75; half block
from Market St.; speculation at $900.
.HINKLEY. 1U20 MARKET ST.
SNAP— 10- room modern flat; rent $40; a pri«e
at $430.
HINKLEY, 1C20 MARKET ST.
PROFITABLE rooming-house, 22 rooms; S
years' lots?; clears $S7 r>0; gentlemen room-
ers; locked door; present owner conducted
house 9 years; a good Investment.
HINKLEY, 1020 MARKET_ST.
SPECIAL— S5 rooms: $1000 cash, balance 1 per
ctnt; newly furnished; price $5000; this is a
j gran<i opportunity to secure a good paying
' house- on eacy terms.
HINKLEY, 1020' MARKET ST.
EXQUISITE furnishings; 50 rooms; new mod-
ern apartment-house; grand entrance: lease:
clears $200; liberal terms: a little gem; see
HINKLEY, 1020 MARKET ST^
SPECULATION— 12 rooms. Golden Gate ave.;
r<nt $40; price $r>50.
HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET ST.
MODERN — 120 rocms; rent less than $5 a
room; up to date in every respect: finely fur-
nlsliel; " bocks open; clears $350 to $400
monthly: price $«(KK»: part cash, balance easy.
HINKLEY, 1020 MARKET ST._
! SUNNY corner; IS rooms; newly renovated;
clears $100; see this.
HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET ST.
WORKINGMEN'S house; 20 rooms; one floor;
electric lights; rent $40; amazingly low price;
$00.
HINKLEY. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A CAMERON & CO.. Phone 1050.
3 Edtfy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
23 r- near Market: lease; $000 down.. $2250
CO r ¦ rent $300- Market; clears $300 mo. 3000
7 r ;' Van Ness; rent $22 50; home 225
20 r ; new mod., elegantly furnished.. 2500
11 r ;' rent'$*'.O: new; fine fur.; clears $47 850
» r • Ellis; rent $-"5; fine home; snap... 550
<;S r • cheap r*nt; clears $300 to $400.. 8500
30 r • rtnt S95; good fur.; clears $100.. 2000
12 r' : rent $40; close In; well furnished.. fiOO
8 r. : up. flat: everything mod.; departure 750
3 r • rent $2<>; cor, flat; Leav.; snap 225
20 r. • new house: furniture; clears $80. £500
8 r • rents $50; modern: finely furnished 500
22 r. ; rent $80; ieatie; clears $100 1700
11 r. • Eddy; rent $50;well fur. ;clears $38 750
34 r. • fine: rTowntown; makes big money 3200
8 r.;'rent $42: modern flat; elegant fur.. 400
14 r. ; rent $75; oak fur.; good carpets.. 900
12 r. '; close In: well furnished: bargain. 1100
17 r. : downtown: always full; clears $115 1000
' S r. ; close In; golden oak: moquet car-
jietR. hair mattresses; cost $1500; In-
come $eS; Bnap 900
7 i-.; rent S40: middle flat: oak fur 350
21 r.: rent $83;well fur. ;lease;clears $100 1700
14 r. ; cheap rent; good fur.; snap "000
11 r. ; rent $40; newly renov. : clear $43. 500
17 r. ; central: Post; part cash 1100
44 r. ; frent $44; big money-maker 3000
25 r. : rent $70; oak fur.: leaving city... 1350
60 r. : new, mod. building; elegantly fur.;
central;' long lease; must be sold; offer
wanted
10 r.; mod. flat)> elegant fur.; clears $54;
cost $2200; will Facriflce; must leave
city . . :
9 r. ; flat; rent $40; mod.; clears $45;
departure 450
A— KREDO & CO., i 765 Market bt.
t-'uccessful Brokers.
We Loan ; You Monoy
6 rooms, rent $1H, pick-up for $75
10 rooms, rent $50. nicely furnished »5o0
18 rooms, rent $35, little mint C00
21 rooms, rent $45. clears $100 OOO
'JSi rooms, rent $165, swell snap 390t>
Big list at cur office.
705 Market st. Phone Black C872.
FOR SALE — A BOARDING-HOUSE; MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY; LEA3K;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2S5<J.
t CALL OFFICE.
A ROOMING-HOUSE enap; 18 rooms in a fine
location; just furnished new; if you take it
quick a very low price will be made; don't
overlook this offer: there's nothing In town
to b»at it. ApDly H. S. RANSON. 261 Geary.
jSPIRITUALISM. _^
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychlo for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy tt.. nr. Octavla: phona Scott 887.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c; private readings dally. 010 Mc-
Allister.
Seer Egyptian, Hindoo occult; reads dally; cir-
cles Wed.,Fri..Sun., 8 p.m.; 10c. C40 Ellis st.
W G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.; 10c; git.. 10 to 5. 14S Sixth st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4: seances Sunday and Thuraday.
CLAIUVOYAM'S.
A— PAufTDESTINE^
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
Read Carefully. An llcnetst Proposition.
I No Ctarge. No Charge
' Unless you obtain the information for which
you consult me.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart is true
or false; tell who and when you will marry; in
fact; I will tell every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I reunite the
separated, restore lost affections, cause speedy
and happy marriage, give you good luck, re-
store loet energy; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.: Sun. 2-8.
320 OTarrell St.; low fee thto week— $1. $1..$1.
MME. M. BERNARD; THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third Bt., next Examiner
. bldg. ; she reads your life, correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
, present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future: If you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or have-
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of life; 25c up; gatlHfactlon guaran-
teed: readings by mail. Tel. Blck 4569.
A LIVORNO,
The World-Renowned Palmist
And Crystal Gazer.
34 Kearny Ft., over Hammersmith & Field's;
eee portrait of Mme. Livorno and original
testimonials from distinguished people at en-
trance; 3 questions by mall, $1. Send month
and year of birth.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as eattsfae-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5: send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. VEINA, wonderful trance medium and
card reader; Just returned from long ab-
sence. 400 Geary, near Mason. * room 1.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERO. palmist, clalr-
voyant, card reader: when others fall try m«-;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. O. O. ave
A— Mme. Ravenna rtads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 6 4th St.. near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader re-
moved from^132 Cth to 23% 6th; la. 25c, g. 50c.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
•MV, Kearny. room 20; ladles, 25c, gents 60c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c,
gents COc. 051 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; L. 50c, G.$l. 714 FTanklln.nr.O.Q.ave.
MISS WARD, removed to 119 Larkln, room 18
gives names, dates and facts. Hours- 11 toOptn.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tlnrs dallv. ¦MS 14 Jessie st.. b»t. Sth and Cth.
CO--ECTiqy OFFICES. '
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
C__DI_ C_OT_X___.
C? F. ADAMS CO. ~~~— ~~~
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE. .
We clothe tbe whole f ami]/ from hats to
thoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 818 Mascn st
BUY your suits and overcoats at LICHTEN-
STEIN BROS.. 25 - Stockton st.; on small
weekly payments; goods delivered- on first
payment. . - .--... - ...
--_ ~s HTjyru 1 — ¦_.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market st.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
-iS-ln. 1 '.-'.'-.!-'. - PETECTXYES. ¦ , '
WESTERN DETECTIVE AGENCY attends to
all legitimate detective work,' civil and crimi-
nal, shadowing, investigations, private Inform-
ation; charges reasonable: correspondence
strictly confidential. Parrott bldg.; room 465.
DHESSMAKBRS AND SKAMSTKKSSKi
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife platting Stew-
- art's button _ buttonhole factory. 11V) Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure :ere. class. 1019 Mrkt.
THB^CALL
JOHIT D. SP-ECESLS, Proprietor.
ii!LiX£sCC--_i5ut_ri3 iOH- KcEADGHT. Kaiazer
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager.
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department Vou WUa.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 281 Stevenson tt.
Delivered by Carrier?. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 CentF.
Terms by Mail. Including Fo*taee (Cash Wilh
Order) :
DAILY CALL Hnclud. Sunda-' 1 >f»r. .$*. 00
DAILY CALL Unclud. Sunday). C ir.os.. <.»••
DAILY CALL— By PinpJe Month _~«
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year B.SQ
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year • ••'"
_.„_.„.. ( Daily... $S. s<» Per Year Extra
1^ 1 Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Krtra
POS^AOt. iWeekfy.. 1.00 Pfr ,Y**r Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
Mail rub*cribeis In ordering change °I.«?.-
drefs fhould be j>articular to give bom 7>t,\\
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and «»i~ >ct comiliance with their re-
o.ue*t.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main I0S3
BERKEL^TOFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 1 1
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE... -.1 *0« G Mreet. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldo-f - Aftnria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
l-nlOT 1 Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hctel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: ,
Fher-ar. House: P. O. News _«-^<»re*M
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Au<5ftonum
Hotel; Palmer Houpe.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXKSS...Marquctte Build g
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central «eiw. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE :
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON ..-.'- Herald Square
BT'PINESS OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
Calf corner Markrt *nd Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock w-Tf n l* ht )T1 th * year '
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgc— try etreet. corner clay: open un-
tH »:30 p. m.
.-,00 Have* ftreet: open until J p. ™J
CT9 M^AlliFter Etreet: open until »:.U> p. m.
*;15 Larkln street: open until «:30 p. m.
TM1 lli«Ficn ytreet; open until 10 p. m.
Sri Market Mreet. comer Sixteenth; open
until ft p. m.
!O<; Eleventh Ftreet: cpen until 9 p. ~ .
K___i?S_^S^ S%~ *tr~ts;
SrThVA" 1 " co^ of Twenty - "cond and
Kentucky Mr«-t5: open until » p. m.
2200 Filimore Ftreet ; cr>fn until i« p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ING December IS. at 7:^0 o clock. /V\
Stated m'-etir.g and flection of officers.
Ey order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN" H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN «".ate Lodge No. .".0 F. and A. «
yl — <-s:i*d mwtine THIS rTUESDAYI VV
EVENING, at 7 ::«» o'clock. First <Je- />r\
rree. I<v order of the W. M.
EDWIN L. METER, Secretary.
1 — . — ¦ !
DORIC Lodge No. 21 «, F. and A. M. — «
£e<-or<d degree THIS (TUESDAY) af-"vy I
ternooa at 1 o'clock. Bjr order _f the /V\ j
Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
YfKPA lil'KXA LoJee No. 15. I. ,aS_3Sa*fc.
O ". F. — Officers :.n 1 n '. ¦- n. b v t» -""yi^S^S^c.
¦ re hereb> notified to assprr.l)!« -^iS^3«^r
In the lodceroom TUESDAY. "S^r*^
F>c. IS l'J<~. at 12:3U D. m.. to attend the
furfral of our late brother. CHRISTIAN
PMITH. FRANK -BULL, N. G.
CHAS. A. WISE WELL. Uec. Sec.
AfFTKIAX noneioleit Society — Regu-i^-jy^,
lai meeting WEDNESDAY KVKN- &*^
ING, -December l«, l'.KK!, »¦ 7 ::;* Jx_i_
sharp. Appropriation* and dona- ***&*
tions. election cf officer* for thp ensuing year
aud ottur very important buslr.eFS. The
•ju'ftion of consolidation will Ise finally Fet-
tled tt this meeting and every member is re-
quested to be present. Fines for non-attend-
ance »i:t t>? Ftrictl' imposed. Ry order cf
Aim. MIK1TLICH. President.
DE WITT W. TOLL. Recording Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada National Hank of San Fran-
ci*co. Cal., will be held at its banking
hojse, 301 Montgomery Ftreet. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on Tuesday. January 12. 1904,
«t 3:15 p. m.. for the election of directors
to wn* during the ensuing year, and for
the transaction of ruch other business as
ir.ay come before the meeting.
GEORGE GRANT, Sec.
Pan Francisco. Dec. 12. 1003.
ADOPTION.
HEALTHY boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR
FfNKE. lOft Eighth ft.. Alameda.
AGEXTS WASTED.
ACCIDENT INSURANCE.
Wanted— Solicitors; monthly ealary to expe-
rienced men or women who can Kiiarantee
the b*-st and moat desirable business.. Uox
:;i*6. Call.
AGENTS — Art arency for a proposition that is.
a decided improvement on building and loan
's worth having. tireat Western Improve-
raent Cemimny. Parrott building.
JPOR CHILDREN.
WANTED — To care for a child by a corn^
petent woman: ha* own home. 1714 I at..
bet. 18th and 19th aves.. Sunset district.
ATTORKE V S-AT-LA tV.
W. IL BITTNER,
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South ««S.
Suite £22. Emma Spreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; damages secured for Injuries to
pet* on or estate: replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy <
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled; j
collections made In all parts of the U. 8.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for k small fee.
Eee me and save money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs . ; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 „ 5. 1st fl
1122 Market et.. between Mason aod Taylor
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed!
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg
fith floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all cases; general court and office
practice; no fee In advance or for consulta-
tlon; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
cus cases, divorces, probate and all other law
caees: no fees In advance; open every even-
tr.g. J. M. THCRSTOX. 819 Market Bt., r. 81.
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency.
Room K3. 016 Market at.; teL John C220. •
DIVORCE co cts $12; quick and quiet: open
evenings. Examiner building, room 313.
DIVORCE costs $J2: open evenings: tenants
•«*ct«»<J. $5. !>1C Marked r.e2:phone Black 6S1.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
fr»»; open evenings. 827 Market «l., r. 30L
1~ 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bidg., 927 M«r-
feet tt.; consultation free: no fees Li advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
:«w b-j«ln~s. W. V~. Pa\-Hstm. 027 Market.
umuS( DOGS. BTC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots- all
kinds of eocg and fancy birds; goldfish ' seed
cages, etc. Give us a trial; we will please '
you. 1M6 Market «t. P
CAKPET BEATIXG ASP CL.KA.MXG. j
AlK com pressed. _n r. Ice cold, la now univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets on
flocr, without removal O r Injury; prices mod- i
—ate. Apply S. F\ COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main S237. '
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
•end for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat.
Ing Works SSS-SS7 Tehama st. : teL South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet beating: mattresses
made over. 1432 Howard: teL South 216.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison ct.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 221.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Eutter St.-
tel. Main 391. GEO. WALCOM _ CO.. Props!
RUDOLPH _ CO.. carpet-beating works; price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.: tel. Mission 2C3.
COXKUyg Superior Carpet-beating Works.
133 Gollen Gate are,; telephone Eart 120.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
A HANDY man would like a situation around
a private residence: used to care of horses;
city or country: more for a home than wages.
P. B.. C8 Hermann st.
ACCOUNTANT would keep bcoks for small
concern during leisure hours. Address box
4S57. Call office.
YOUNG man wants work at onca as man
about place, butler or valet; Al reference.
Box 3704. Call. . ' _^
WANTED — By reliable man of 40. position as
night watchman: good references. Address
bojc 4S75, Call office^
ENERGETIC young man would do household
duties at private residence In exchange for
room or room and board. Box 3164. Call.
MARRIED man wants position as foreman on
stock ranch. Box 4S02, Call office.
MILLWRIGHT wishes position on stamp mill.
Address W. W.. 60S Bryant St., S. F.
A MAN (30). from East Canada, wishes to
work on a small ranch or around a place.
Box 4S54, Call.
A CAPABLE man wishes to work in liquor
store, either tend bar or deliver. A. D.. 203
Ellis Et. . '
COLORED man wishes work of any kind;
handy around place In general, or Janitor
work; best of references. Box 2908, Call.
YOUNG man, good worker, wishes place In
gentleman's stable: can milk; wages no ob-
Ject; references. Box 48B1. Call office.
ELDERLY man wishes position as bartender;
good references; German. Box 4S07, Call.
JAPANESE boy wants position as schoolboy In
small family in city or country: $2 per week;
high Bchool student. H. MOTO, 807 Polk 8t.
JAPANESE with recommendations wishes po-
ultlon of any style; good cook; city or coun-
try; private family. Box 4852. Call office.
GOOD Chinese cook wants position In private
family. CHUNG WING, 002 Clay st.
A JAPANESE first-class cook wants position;
best references. 374 Sutter st.. room 5.
FINANCIAL.
A— 5 PER CENT MONTHLY
On investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-qulck" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business .enterprise In San Francisco: cleared
$07,000 last year on $100,000 capital; stock
Increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant; call or
write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market et.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and sioc*
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer aod Fl-
nanclal Agent. "22 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FACIA- MASSAGE. __^
A — WRINKLES removed; floe complexion guar-
anteed, new method; 6Oc. M. LUTONf, manl-
curing parlors. 784 Larkln St.; phone Polk 17.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense' list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 248-25U Geary
u.. on the square.
ALL of the most desirable riots ami house* ar»
listed In our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
UPPER flat of. 4 rooms and bath; sunny: mod-
ern conveniences. 63 Dehon St., between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth, near Sanchez.
MASONIC • ave., 1317 — Elegant sunny upper
flat. 7 rooms and bath: near park.
FURMTURB WANTED. ,
A — Highest price paid for fur., carpets, etc. Mrs.
T. B. Selby. Equitable Fur. Co.. 812 Larkin.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. _. H.
BURD. auctioneer. 1818 Mkt. ;te I. Howard
A. WOLLPERT, 77:s Mission, phone Red +*<«.
buys rents, repairs, packn furniture, carpets.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook, email hotel, country. $30;
city, $30; cook, Alameda. $30; second girl,
sarn^ house, $15; cook and second girl, same
house, city, . $"5. ~ $20;' housework, no wash-
ing, Oakland, $35; kitchen helper, $25, sleep
home; cook, ranch. $20; housekeeper, $:?0; 0
waitresses for hotels, $20, $25: second girl,
$20, $25; second girl, Oakland, $30; cham-
bermaid, $20; chambermaid, wait one meal,
$20; country hotel, $25: nurse girls, $16,
$20. $25. $30. and 44 general housework girls,
city and country. $20. $25. $30. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — G first-class waitresses for restau-
rant; $10 a week; non-union. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — A mother and daughter for house-
work. Mt. View; 2 famillen; $45. See party
office 11 o'clock to-day. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter.
AT San Francisco Employment Bureau, 17
Fourth St., phone Grant 26 — Girl for house-
work, city, $25; elck nurse, city; light house-
, work, city. $20; salesladies, fancy department,
Oakland, $0 a week. • .
A— \VANTED — Girls to learn hairdreestnr.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now: 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school in
West. 233 . Geary st< room 13.
•A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
ton: both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $10; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresatng
trade: manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jonea. room 94; positions secured
-at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS - CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — A lady to travel for an old, estab-
lished house of t>oHd financial standing* good
salary and expenses weekly; expenses ad-
vanced; pleasant work; new line; good refer-
ences and security required. Address box 271.
Sacra mer to,' Cal. -
LiADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home , evenings, or .spare time and return to
. us; . no • mailing or canvassing; ¦ $9 - weekly
earned; materials free. Enclose self -addressed
. envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co:, No.
S. 4. Ninth St., Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— A girl for two In the family; no
children; no washing; a good home for the
right ; person. 17»4 • Ellis Bt., corner Pierce;
. apply 10 to 4.. . ..
EXPERIENCED. lace "or hosiery salesladies.
JOE ROSENBERG, 816 Market St.
GERMAN girl for plain cooking and light
' housework. : 2£>4 Valencia" st. ¦'
PANTS operator wanted.' 673 Geary st.
WANTED^-Distributers, .:; markers,' i shirt rub-
: bers. ; Electric Laundry, t<!7 Folsom st.
SALESLADY, wanted . for. jewelry ! store. Cal!
•at 84U Market St., between 0 and" 11 a. m.
HORSES AXD AVACO.WS— Tontlnoert.
FOR sale — Second-hand panel top wagons. In-
quire R. NUGENT. IS Tenth sT
! FOR sale — Open rubber-tired hack: best condi-
tion for business; yi'50. 1«I5 Eddy st.
i FOR sale — Low-set wagon, suitable for car-
penter. &4;l Howard st^
FOR sale' — Handsome trap cheap. Address
box 3759. Call office.
FOR sale — 3 young horses; single ct double.
Apply 00 York st.
1 MUST b« sold at sacrifice; 3 good horses.
327 Sixth st. $_
Al EXPRESS wagen. light camping wagoa
and go-cart for sale ch*ap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. s>jr-
' rey.narness. work. driving horses. I5th- Valencia
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
1C pages. In wrapper, fnr mailing. $1 per yoar.
UOI'SES FL'KM-HKD KOlt SALK.
MUST sell at once, folding-bed, dresser, chif-
foniers, leather couch, dining set, carpets.
etc. 1S13 Market st.
HOUSES TO LKT.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mcatgo.T.ery.
A— HOUSE5? and flats to let: an Immense list;
e»rvlee absolutely free; take advantac* of
thin decartrcent; It will save you tlm» and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Ca. 243-259 Geary
St.. on the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
LOST A>D FOl'.N'D.
LOST — Last evening about 6 o'clock, a yellow
skin purse with large gold monogram and
turquoise setting. " Reward at Palace Hotel
office; Initials on purse. P. W. W. R.
LOST— Several railroad letters. Return to
C07 Ellis. Reward.
LOST — Male fox terrier with black and brown
head. Return, to 820 Page st. ; reward.
IT will pay to "Rememher" that th« California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs oil
rold and sliver to make new watch eases.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETIL specialist fcr all fen_lf
complaints; Instant relief: guaranteed: 39
years' experience: removed to 828 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist fcr all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008V> Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S fema:o pills; best regulating pllis
sold: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tab'^ts; price $5. By express
only on receipt it price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesa!* druggists. Seventh and,
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist ca femal*
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult casea treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 9; 25 years cxper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist ; a private horns before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa: private: recluded: confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke, |_td Eighth st., Alameda.
DR. ROSEN resides 2005 Folsom St.. corner
26th; ladies, relief cr no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112tJ Market st.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 313 Powell st.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herb».
SIUCEX-AXEOUS KOIl SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte: In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over rid
irr.D. tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 71.t Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps, -
pulleya, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented an«l exchanged ; see Sunday paper*.
M. S. WHITE MCH'V CO.. 13Q-132 Beal« st.
AUTOMOBILES — White Stanhope. 1MO5 mod?!;
can carry four; fine condition; basket, etc.; a
bargain; cost *140O; will sell $70O. Address
"Auto," box U83, Call office.
A^-Fine suits. $7 CO; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misrtt Clothing Parlors, _:S Kearny St.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — Buys, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 25U-255 Spear Bt.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter cataloc
sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co., San Francisco.
TRY our .men's shoss at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at ?'J 50; we pa/ express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ALTERATION sale — Best $2 5O hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny St., near
Pine; open to 0 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
DISPOSING cf Wltte gas engines; 2 H. P.. 20
H. P.; attractive prices.. The Tracy Engi-
neering Co., 151 Fremont^t.. S. F.
FOR sale — Very fine Cocker ssaniel pups, 8
weeks cM. 713 Folsom st.
FOR sale^ — Elegant sealskin coat, bust 33. 91S
Polk st. * .' -
SOUK gcod Becond-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 H. P.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 12S Mkt.
SAILING ark for hunting and fishing. 328
Uusb, St.. third floor, room 4.
FINE steam automobile: first-class running or-
der. W. V., 02O Lyon st.. San Francisco.
SLOT machines cheap; Chicagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 833 Market.
DKSKS and safes: see the complete line at 1818
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
Printing office. 3 C.&P. preisea. motor, cutter,
type, fixtures; dcing good business. 21>S8. Call.
' SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
A VERY tine diamond heart for $210 at W. J,
IIKSTIIAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
NEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
K ROG II MNFG. CO.. 519 Market St. s
MOVIXd pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post at.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all siies. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Valiejo st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO., 122 Market at.
\!I barga!ns;camp stools and chairs; hammocks,
metal beds.mattresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission. .
Edison phnncgraphs, records, supplies, moving' J
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 9"~J Mkv.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sires. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgy.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
UISCEXLAAEOUS WA.VM.
T&K.S and libraries 'bought. H~C. HOLMES.
1149 Market St.; phene Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kind* of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 87l> Folsom.
WANTED — A small screw cutting lathe and a
motor to run It. Box iSSl. Call office.
MOTOR. 2 h. p.. .also stitching machine wanted.
Box 3770. Call office. /-"
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2851.
~ SlO.tKV TO LOAM.
AAA— HERllAN^MCRpilY. ™™ '
eOl-602-603 Examiner bulldia*.
Quick «ettlernents: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates sevund mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property la trust,
etc. ; legacies, li'e estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. »
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Moaev
See HERMAN MURPHY.
! STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on their
note: proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 10, Phelan bid. tel. Main 7O».
A— 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no removJ^
al. no commission, no publicity :$_'5 up; quick, *'
private, confidential. 26 Montgomeiy, rn. 7!
ADVANCES on furniture apd pianos without
removal; . to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates: r.o commission. NA.
¦ T1ONAL CREDIT CO.. OS and 63 Doaofcoe
building. 1170 Market st. .
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
ma S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, S33 Kearnr.
V1 =—^ J — . X X Jl J — . J — i V V _T~l- _L N JL k_^ >~> f -- -*- -J — iJ - *
The old merchant remarks. "I often have had
Occasion to learn how a little Want Ad
May secure best of help or may fill. a great need, :•'.
At a cost that's so small it is nothing indeed.
Every paper I've tried and I really must say
That Call ads bring most answers and therefore best pay."Qulncy A. Fitch (single) to Wallace B. Fitch
(single)., lots 3. 4. «V 8 and 10. block' 43. Fitch
burs; Homestead lots. Brooklyn Township; also
lots 28 to 32. block 19. lota 1 to 4. ». 11. 13.
17 and 19, block 43, map of resubdlvision of
townslte of Fltchburg. Brooklyn Township;
also all Interest acquired by first party from
estate of Caroline M. Runkle . (deceased),
Brooklyn Township: ?10O.
H. 8. Fitch and Mary R. Mastlck to same.
all Interest, etc.. in same. Brooklyn Township;
$40O.
C. W. and Philomen* Clarks (wife) to Mary
E. Cowing (single), tot on SB corner of San
Jose avenue and Union or East Elshtesnth
street. S 10O by E 148. Alam«>da: also lot on S
line of San Jose avenue, 148 E of Union street.
E 23 by 8 150, portion of block 14. amended
map of Bartlett Tract. Alameda: $10.
Andrew S. and Nellie O. Moseley to C. A.
Grow lot on E line of Madison street. 25O S
of Lake. 8 73 by E 14O (No. 136O Madison).
Dell C* and F. J. Woodward (and as attor
ney) to Antoinette G. Wilkinson, lot on NW
line of Fifth avenue. 100 NE of East Twelfth
street, NE 43 by NW 130. block 49. Clinton.
Ea3t Oakland; $10. ' '--
James H. Edelen (single) and J. S. and Clar»
Myers (wife) to M. Reinhart. lot 12 and N 15
feet of lot 11. and lot 1. block A. map Bell*
Vista. Park. East Oakland; $10.
Fannie & StowrelJ (single) to. W. H. Obear.
lot on NE line of East Twentieth street. 122. .3
VW of Sixteenth avenue. SE 122.75. NB 140.
NW 85.30. SW 142.B3, portion of fractional
block 57. San Antonio. East Oakland; $10.
W H. and Lula B. Obear to M. «. Hanna,
same. East Oakland: $U\ - - f :
John Anderson Lambert to Edmund A. Mad
dock (single), lot on N line of Felton atreet.
300 W of Occidental. W 10<> by N 135. lots 1«
and 17. block A. Paradise Park. OnM^in.l; $10.
Mary Hayes (widow) tn Charles Helmke. lot
on VE corner of Forty-seventh street and, San
Pablo avenue. N 64 by K- 132. lot 60. Co*g»rs
hall Tract. E of San Pablo avenue, Emery
ville, Oakland Township: $10. ¦
Dennis and Mary Shannon to Mary Mitchell
(wife of Nicholas), lot commenclns on 9 line
of Summer strset at Intersection with E bound
ary line of th© Klmball Tract. W «O, S" 98. S
34. N to beginning, lots 31 and 52. Kimbatl
Tract. Oakland Township; gift. ¦ -
Edward L. Brtrgs (widower) to Josephine S.
Steketee, lot on' S line of Eleventh street, 1W
E of Castro, E 45 by S 100, lot 10 and portion
of lot 11. block 147. Kellersberg«r*s map. Oak
land: gift. "
Warren M. and Margaret E. Watson to Peter
Chrlstensen, lot on E line of Myrtle street. 114
N of Twenty- fourth. N 23 by E. 123. block
637, Boardman's map, Oakland; $10.
Alice Burritt (single) to George Stirling, lot
on E line of Adeline str»et. 6O S of Fortieth
street or Evoy avenue. 8 30 by E 100, portion of
lot 20. same map. Oakland Township: $10.
A. C. Henry to same, same, quitclaim deed,
Oakland Township: $10.
George and Carrie R. Sterling to Realty Syn
dicate (corporation), same. Oakland Township:
$10. \
Rock wood and Mary A. Flint to> Edward B.
Norton, lot on N line of Bancroft way. 5.1.21
E of Ellsworth street. E CO by N 12O. block 5.
map cf Villa lota adjacent to university slti*
en S. Berkeley; $10.
Sedelia V. and George V. Lelanrf to Achilla
Baecllitri. lot on E line of Pine street. 392.23
N Of Eunice. E 134.69. N 192. W 140. 8 140.
portion of Tuohy's addition to Berkelt^r. Oak-
U A d nd T r°ew DS inS : ffie Holland to Robert G.
and Annie Heans.- lot on W line of Grove
street. 45:4% S of Francisco. S 45 by W 120.
block 4 man of State University Homestead
Association J\O. 4. Berkeley : $10.
Elizabeth MIddleton (widow) to Manuel L
SUva (widower), lot 20. block TV plat of part
of Fitch Tract, etc.. Alameda: $10.
Marie Queyroulet (widow) to same. same.
A Ann ? e a i: vJrAnne Lee Foot* to Frank H Foot
(huVbanJ). l'ton M line of ™°n (Lincoln)
avenue ?0S.«5 E of Sherman street. NL 221. 4t»
X 12 70 W' 130 S 107. E 52:6 to beginning, lot
10, biccic 3. map Pacific Land Investment Com
pany's property at Morton-street station. Ala
"^usiis'tVcker (married) to Frederick Keen*
Single), lot on H line of Frtton rtrjet »SE °<
Shattuck avenue. E 40. N 13^; \i ZVk S
13«55. lot 29. Llttleneld Tract. Oakland: $10.
George P. McCourtney (single) to Annie S
McCourtney (wife cf P. C.). lot on «'"»"'
Forty-third street. 4.V>.2« E of Grove. E 108 by
S 91.25. Oakland: «10.
Dennis and Mary Shannon to James and
John Shannon, lot on W line of W"" 1 *, 8 , 11 -^^
150 S of B S 25 by W 133, being subdivision XI
In lot. S. .block 701. map Xo. 2. Watts Tract.
Oakland; gift „. _
Walter II. Lelmert (i<in«?le) to W. W. Garth
walte. lot XI. mop -. Glen Echo Tract, portion
of plat 14. etc.. Oakland: $10.
Mary E. Skillinir (widow). Henry H. Pki.I n
(single) and Mary L. or Minnie L. and TV. H.
E. Leffler to E. Avery McCarthy, lota 21 and
25. block A. Broadway Terrace Tract. Oakland;
$10
United States Fidelity and Guaranty Compsnv
and Joseph C. Saxtcn to W. B. Morris. Iota 30
and 87. block E. Claremont Tract. Oakland:
$10.
Clara E. Crist. Rudolph F. Crist and as at
torney. Frederick G. Crist. Julius A. Crist an.t
a* attorney. Johanna Crist (widow) and Etti«
Crist to Manuel and Mary Dlaa. lot on N comer
of East Fifteenth "street and Twentieth avenue.
NW 100 bv SK 14i>. lets 9 to 12, block 2S, San
Antcnlo. Kast Oakland; $10.
A. E. M. and Jessie Prenvielle to Emma T.
Hall (wife E. S.). lot on S line' of Dwight «ray.
49 W of Telegraph avenue. W 1. SW 52. NE 1.
NE 52 to beginning. Berkeley; $10.
¦ Erama'T. and E. S. Hall Uo A. E. M. Pren
viell*. lot on SW corner of Dwlght way and
Telegraph avenue, thence following said Un*
W 60 by a line bearing SW 52 to establish be
ginning; point of land bounded by lines running
SW 2. SW «.S. NE 2. NE 43.S to beginains.
Berkeley: $1.
Eleanor and F. C. A. Goldfrap to James A.
Pinkerton. lot on NB corner ot Berryman and
Louisa street.*. E 52:6 by N 115, portion of lot
10. block 15. property Berkeley Villa As*ocU
tion. Berkeley: $10.
Helen, Lewis C. and Charles R. Harmon
(executors estate of Edward D. Harmon) to
Charles P. Cassell. all Interest in lot 2. block
C Map of subdivision of S portion of Harmon
Tract. Berkeley: $650.
Cordelia E. Day (by R. J. McMullen and W.
C.^ Moody, trustees) to State Savings Bank.
• 60 D. 21. lot on W line of Adeline street. 17«l
?. of 'Tw'nty-fourth. S 25 by W 12S:3. lot 13.
block 631. map Adeline street lots. etc.. trus
tees' deed. Oakland; $700. ¦
.Maud L. Mitchell (wife F. P.) to F. P.
Mitchell, lot on S line of Simpson avenue,
25OX-9 W of Telegraph avenue as It now exists.
W 50 by S 106.33, lot 8. map Simpson tract.
Oakland; $10. .
Same to same, lot on S line of Simpson ave
nue. 80S W of Telegraph avenue. W 30 by S
1C6.33, portion lot 19, same. Oakland; $10.
Alex Murdock (single) to Alex Murdock &
Co. (corporation), lot on NE corner of Butler
and Stanford avenues. N G3.6B to point 10O S
of Benton street at right angles to same. E
147. SW 150, block Q, map Paradise* Park. Oak
land; S10.
Charles T. and Ellen J. Andrews to Marcun
Happ, lot on W line of Myrtle street. 319 NW
of Third. N 25 by W 125. lot 35. in block 4S1
A, map of Hardy Addition tr> Adeline and
Market Street Homestead. Oakland; $10.
George E. White (and as administrator of
estate of H. H. White). F. W. Hill and Dan
iel Porter (by H. F. Patterson, commissioner*
to Max W. Koeni;, lot on SW corner of Grove
and Benton streets. S 45 by W 120. lot 19.
block 2. McKee tract. In plat 46. V. and D. Pe
ralta Rancbo. Oakland: also lot on N line of
Mariposa street. 41 W of Brown. W 41 by N
116.50. lot 23, block A. map resubdivtsion of
block A, Brumagim tract. Oakland; $396.
William and Lillle Farrell to P. E. and Lii
zle T. Wilson, lot IS. block 50. San Antonio,
warranty deed. East Oakland: $10.
Charles C. and Florence Boynton to Sarah
J. Lane, lot on NW corner of Twentieth street
and Twehty-thlrd avenue, thence W 15»:1«4.
N 50. E to W line of Twenty-third avenue.
S IS to beginning, block D. map of subdivision
00. Associates' Tract. East Oakland: also lot
on W Un* of Twenty- fifth avenue, 219.13 S of
East Twenty-fourth street. W 128.41. N 40. E
to W line of Twenty-fifth avenue. S to begin
ning, block C. Latham Terrace. Brooklyn
Township: $10.
Ltna M. Grosjean (wife of Charles A.) to
George G. Mackinnon. lot on E line of Adelins
street. 90 S of Fortieth. 3 6O by E 100. portion
of lot 20. map of H. C. Dohr*s Homestead.
Emeryville, quitclaim deed. Oakland Township;
$10.
George G. Mackinnon (single) to Realty Syn
dicate Company (corporation), same. Oakland
Township: $10.
Alameda County.
W. A. Atwood (owner) with H. W. Atwood
(contractor), architect All work for a two
story frame building on R line of Clay street.
»*j : 2>i U of First avenue, E 3 by X 127 :¦*'-«:
$4«*U0. "rv"' s "
tect Nathaniel Blalsdell— Plumbing, gas ttttins
and tiling for a two-story frame dwelling on 3
line cf Washington street. 137:6 W of Lyon.
S 127:SJ» by W 55:3, Western Addition C24;
REAIj ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Builders' Contracts.
. \v C. Larson (owner) with C. Bally (con
tractor, architect— -All work for a two-story
frame building on W line of Corbett avenne.
near Mare street/ lot 19. Park Lane Tract;
$2400. . . ¦ t
-GJcvannt S«gale (owner) with Emanuele Dal
gero (contractor), architect P. RlghettJ—Altera
tion* and additions, except mantels, gas fix
tures to a two-stormy frame building on N line
of Lombard street, near Taylor, 810 Lombard;
$2000. • » •
John M. Vance (owner) with B. C. Van Eroon
(contractor), architect Nathaniel Blalsdell — Pa«
eenger elevator and sidewalk Hevator for an
eight-story brick building on £ line of Taylor
street, 72:0 N of.O'Farrell. N-65 by E 02:0;
$3005. -
Emma A. Davidson (owner) with Lawson T.
Fenin (contractor • and architect) — AH work : for
a -, frame cottage on : N\ line of ¦ Twenty-fourth
street. 175 W of Hoffman avenue; $2170.
Andrew R. Jackson and Ruth E. Balrd (own.
tts) with Ravanl it Curran (contractors), arcUl-
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL. TUESDAY, DECEMBER, 15, 1903.
15
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
\ BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2000 — 5 R. ; street work done; Oregon 6t.
$2650 — 6 r. and b.; lot 50x135; Hearst ave.
$2750—5 r. and b. ;new; lot 40x135; 1 block
station.
$2250—5 r. and b.; lot 60x120: near college;
easy terms. .
$1500— Cor. lot on Walnut St.; 140x135; fine
view. ¦ .
$400— Lot 40x135 rl block car line; easy terms.
$200— Lot 40x130; $10 per month.
$200 — Acre lot; 1-3 cash, balance 1 and 2
years. CHENEY & BERRY. ¦¦-
P. O. block. Berkeley 'Station. .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BK0ADWAY. '
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ., *
CHICKEN RANCH.
$750 cash, monthly /installments as desired;
1 well equipped chicken ranch; cottage of 3
rooms, stable, shed, chicken houses, ,- Al'
brooding-house, brooderles; 2 tiptop incuba-
tors, H30 and 350 capacity; 12 lots, 150x256;
all fenced and cross- fenced; new buggy; use
of horse, farming Implements; etc. ; 50 Al
laying hsns: plenty of excellent -water;
about 30 young fruit trees; first-class sandy
loam garden Mil; away from fogs and ".larsh
winds; adjoining East Oakland; near good
school and close to main boulevard; more
than a good living is here right now: call
and let us show you this fine bargain; price
in all flSOO; call or. send for circular; 455
7th St.. opposite Broadway station, Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. JONES, . owner.
$1150 ONLY fora cottnge 6 rooms, bath, etc.;
in EREt Oakfan.1. P.. C. LASSEN & CO,. 4li«
Tenth St., Oakland, Cal.
'OAKLAXD ROOMS TO LET.
YEN DOME AND GRAND HOTELS.
955»4 Washington and 510 Ninth sts.. Oak-
land; furnished rooms en suite or single, with
or without b-jan!; special rates to families.
MONTANA House, 320 Eighth st.: sunny
suites and single rooms for housekeeping
OAKLAXD FURNITURE FOR. SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Bchelihaas. 11th st..ccr.store,OakIand.
, POINT RICH .MO* P RE A I, ESTATE .
4 LOTS, cheap for cash. 328 Bush Bt.,^third
floor, room 4.
WATER frcnt lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 *~Parrott bldg.
ROO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIRST, 230, near Howard — 4 or 5 housekeep-
ing rooms; central location: rent low;
GEARY. 1933 — $LS; adults; 4 com. rooms; 2
beds, bath, toilet, stoves, coal and gas stoves.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622—1 large double rm.,
furnished complete; gas range, bath, laundry.-
KEARNY. 104— Sunny front suite and kitchen,
$20; range; bath; adults. s
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine
St.. near Hyde: apartments all taken; call
and leave orders for reserves.
MCALLISTER, C33— 3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping ; private family; reasonable.
POLK, 612— $14; bedroom and kitchen; gas
Btove; hot baths; no children.
TWO sunny front rooms complete for house-
keeping; $25. 700 Van Ness ave.
APARTMSIirr HOTrSES._
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS,
Corner Pine ar.d Taylor sts.; beautiful new
modern apartments: all sunny corner Elites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
THE GABLES.
Cor. Clay and Larkin sts-r-Modern 3-4-5-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; ail latest conveniences; • reservations
can be made on premises, 1 to 4; terms reas.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson ft.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
rr.arin? view; now open: references.- • '
HADDOX HALL,
851 EDDY FT. nF.FERKNCES.
ROOMS. TO. LET — Fnrn. nml l.'nfnrn.
AVRORA. corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house. u«w furniture: every room outside;
modern " and sunny; crlces from *1 50 per
wpik up; this Is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to J5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
ASHWORTH. 320 Mason St.. bet. Geary and
Pent— Suite and elngle rooms with or with-
out private bath: sun In rooms all day.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c. 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13CJ)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
.CLIFFORD, 204 Ell's, ccrner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EIGHTKENTH. 3353 — A furnished room to let,
suitable for doctor or . dentist; also single
rooms.
FRANKLIN, 721. nr. G. G. ave — Front room;
sunny; all conveniences; suitable for 2; reas.
GLEN PARK ave., 20 — One furnished room
to let.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 60c
to $1 CO night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room.
LARKIN, 81tf B— Small, light room, large hall,
closet, bath and phone; reasonable..
MASON. C12. above Sutter— Nicely furnished
punny room: rultablo for gentlemen.
NINTH. 119 (GUlesple)— Nicely furnished room*
$1 50 to $2 50 per week: 50c to 75c per night.
O'FARRELL. 730— Handsomely furnished,
large, sunny room; phone, bath; private fami-
ly; references.
POLK. 823 — Best furnished rooms in the city
for the money; single or en snlte; everything
new and plenty of sunshine; terms very rea-
sonable; only 10 minutes' walk to Powell
and Market sts.
POWELL. 317 — Sunny front suit* for doctor or
dentist: also other furnished rooms. •
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 33c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bathfe.
SUTTER, 230 — The Crane — Elegantly furnished
rooms; downtown; suite or single; $10 up.
THE PRESTON. 2»7 Larkin: nicely furnished
sunny rooms: central: reasonable.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35e to $1 night, SI 75 to $fl week; elec-
tric lights (no gas) and running water In
every room; elevator, parlor, reading-room;
free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d et.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
H5c to $1 CO night; $2 to $8 week: • elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ROO9IS AND BOARD.
A— -HOTEL BALTIMORE.
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
MUNGER & ZEBERO. PROPRIETORS.
A HOTEL HATTON
S. E. COR. PINE AND TAYLOR- —
- This new and rustic constructed hotel, Is sit-
uated in the city's «wellest quarter and' will
be handsomely furnished throughout, with all
the very latest conveniences; will be ready
for occupancy Dec. 15; reservations can now
be made on premises daily. / *
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS.
MANHATTAN HOTEL. 1704 Market «t.— A
strictly first-class family and tourist hotel of
unquestioned respectability. American plan.
A THE DRESDEN — -
SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1442
FULTON.BET. BRODERICK AND BAKER.
CALIFORNIA. 1240— Most select location in
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
. table unsurpassed; marine view. ; - '
FAMILY boarding-house. 1070 Valencia; first-
claas board, elegantly furnished; terms mod-
erate. . ,
HOTEL MARTINET. Gelry st. and Van Ness
ave.. has cnanged hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; tabla board specialty.
STEVENSON mansion, 807 California' St.— Fine
ruornts; new chefs; colored service; table spe-
cialty.
A THE NIAHA. 615 TAYLOR, ST. T^
SUNNY FRONT SUITES WITH ¦ BOARD/ v;
O'FARRELL. SOS — Furnished '.- rooms; '."-'borne*
cooking; German family; $0 .p<r,w«ilb. ,\; :-.",
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C~C~O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021Vi Market «t., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty
PR; BALL. WTZW Market Bt. .
REMOVED— DR. WONG —HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at .115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at (i67 Geary st., near Leavenworth.-
DR. TONQ PO CHY. successor to Drl LI Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 7 727 Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONG, 719 Post st.; all diseases
1 cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free. \ -,
WONG'WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. -746-3 Clay st.
,. . . ' ¦'.'¦¦¦ ..¦¦-¦ >¦
storage: and warehouses.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture.
' household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
; 7S1 Howard tX.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving CoCTof-
flee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlve. Ex. 871.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dlte. 333 Golden Gate ave. : phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 810
Mission r-t. : te! ; IIoward_94L_£. W/JSehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movies Com-
pany. 2320 Fillroore Bt.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKIN8 Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
ft.: tel. Main 1S10. Snipping at cut rates.
KOO-^S AM) HUAKU WAATKP.
WOMAN of refinement,. in return for fine board
and nice room, gives her services In teaching
piano and singing, and for some remunera-
tion would not mind a little light work. Box
3173, Call office.
GOOD country board, with conveniences, not
more than 2 hours from city, for a lady con-
valcscent. Address 622 Golden Gate ave.--
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
Nl-'.W HOMK sewing machine; this week only;
$10. $15. $20; slightly used: needle* 203 do*.
NEW HOME S. M. CO. 1051 Market st.
, ' S PE C I ALI S T S. '
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISKS la EAR3
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat.
ment free, j Dr. Cottlngham." 204 Sutter at. ;
SPECIAL NOTICES. _ '.
Ladies'. Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable: take no other, bend 4c
stamps, for iiarticulars. "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa,
STLTTEIUXG f AXD S'f.UIMEttlXQ.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cur«
In every case; Individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures :hom» cur*.
TVl'K WRITERS ANUJSUI'I'UIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
, Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 5y. The
Typewriter Exchange, W0 California st. '
A FEW good typewriters at |30 each; get par-
' tlculars. of L. <fc M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
¦ gomery st. . . ...
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 503 Market.
raoT'osALS.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
bor Commissioners, Cnlon Depot and Ferry
House-, San Francisco, Calitornla, Novem-
ber 16. 10U3.
Seeled proposals or bids will be received at
this oiflce at cr prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
on Wednesday, December 2:j, 1903. for the
construction of a section ol seawall and
wharf alone came to be located between
King and Channel streets on the water
front ot the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, in accordance with the plans and
specifications prepared therefor by the Chief
Engineer of the Board and adopted by the
Beard August 27. 1303. and en file in this
office, to which special reference is hereby
made. The work to . be done under these
Fpecifications consists in furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
•.lnB a stone seawall with enrl embankments
and a wharf. It Is estimated* that the sea-
wall and end embankments will; contain
- about 00,000 tons of stone; the wharf will
contain 3H.000 square feet of wharf sur-
face. This section of the seawall will ex-
tend from the intersection of the northerly
. line of Channel street (prolonged easterly;
with the water front line, six hundred (tMAM
feet northerly along said water tront line
The materials to be used for the construc-
tion of the seawall and end embankments
will consist of stone not -subject to decora-
position nor disintegration by the action of
sea water or air.
Two classes of stone will be recognized
Th<» first class will Include stone of one or
more cubic feet in fair assortment of sizes
between one and four cubic feet: no objec-
tion will be made to stone larger than four
. cubic feet; this class of stone must be free
of seams and marked lines of cleavage.
The second class will Include stone of less
than one cubic foot. In assorted slz»s, but
no stone less than five pounds will be ac-
cepted st the ouarry.
The materials for the construction of th«
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties of first class, close grained. Douglas
yellow fir piles and yellow flr lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought Iron
bolts, spikes, etc all of the bent quality
and subject to a rigid examination.
No bid will be received unless It Is mad«
on a blank form furnished from this office
and Is accompanied by a certified check for
five per cent of the aggregate amount of.
. the bid. payable to the order of the Secre-
tary of the Hoard, as a guarantee on the
part of the successful bidder that he will
within six <6) days after the acceptance of
the bid enter «nto a written contract to do
eaid work, according to the plans and speci-
fications prepared therefor, and will also
execute and file with this Board a bond in
such sum as the Board may deem adequate
with "'a surety company, to t>e approved by
the Board of State. Harbor Commissioners,
and conditioned for the faithful performance
of such contract: nor will said, bid be con-
sidered by this Board unless delivered to the
secretary or to the assistant secretary at
the office of the secretary, at or Drtor ' to
2-15 o'clock p. .m. on Wednesday, December
23. 1903, at which time and place the bids
will be opened.
The board reserves the right to reject any or
nil bids It deemed for the best interest of
the State. ¦
Bidders are invited ta be present at the open-
ing of the bids. • -¦'
B • CHAS. H.iKPEAR.
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK
J. D. MACKENZIE.
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT.D. NORTON.' Chief Engineer. "
JOHN M. FOY. Secretary.
BIDS will be recetved by the Uniform Board,
• National Guard of California, at the office
of the Adjutant General, Sacramento. Cal.,
up to noon of December 18. 1903, for furnish-
ing and delivering 3740 dress coats and 3340
caps, new regulation, for the National Guard
of California. Forms of bids and all In-
formation connected ', therewith can be ob-
tained on application to Lieutenant Colonel
FRED J. H. RICICON, Div. Q. M., recorder
of the board, room 23G, Phelan building, San
Francisco, Cal. ¦ ¦ . >
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Nov. 18. 1003.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., December !S. 1903, and
then opened for construction of a brick hos-
pital (Including plumbing, gas piping ahd
heating) at Fori McDowell, Cal. Government
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
S bids in whole or in part. Information fur-
nished on application to WM. S. PATTEN,
Asst. Quartermaster General, Chief Q. M.
PROPOSALS for railroad construction bids will
be received until 12 o'clock noon, Jan. .2.
1904, at the office of Tonopah Mining Com-
pany Butler postof flee. Nev:, for the con-
struction of the % Tonopah railroad from
Rhodes, Nev.. to Tonopah,' Nev., distance ap-
' proxlmately sixty miles: plans, specifications,
profile, etc.. can be seen at. the office of the
chief engineer at Tonopah. ' .
- A&SESSMJBA'T NOTICES. •...-. ¦¦¦-...,
HONOLULU PLANTATION COMPANY— As-
sessment Notice — Honolulu 1 Plantation Com.
." pany, location of principal place of buslneer, '
San Francisco, Cal. — Notice is hereby given
that at a meeting of the board of directors
. held this 16th day of November A. D. l»03,
an assessment (Number : 7) of .one dollar
<fl 00) per share was levied upon the cap-
ital stock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately to the secretary of the company I
at the ¦ office of . the company. 327 Market
.st., San Francisco, State of California. Any
stock upon which this assessment shall re-
main unpaid on the 2Sth day of December.
1903. will bo delinquent and advertised for
sale at oublic auction, and -unless payment
Is made before will be sold on the 18th
day of January, 11*04,' to pay the delinquent
assessment, , together with expenses of sale.
' H.' W. THOMAS, :
•* Secretary of the Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany, . 327 Market st:. " San Francisco, • Cal. :
'. (Room No/ 4. 'Second Floor).' • * '.'¦¦'.'•
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
•-'" The following -marriage licenses . were . issued
yesterday: '¦¦ •¦¦-.-•¦ V-"- "-:,.¦<-"¦'- . ; • ¦ ¦ . " •'¦ --
..Edward Rodgers," 26, 974 Folsom. street," and
!Mary Matson, 28, 074 Folsom street.. .,' .
¦Alexander/ Henderson,^30, •; 450" O'Farrell,
and Martha McLogan,- 24,, (535 Guerrero, . . t
HERE IS THE BIGGEST
CHANCE YETVF0R
EVERYBODY.
Christmas Novelties,
Christmas Presents, .
Christmas Toys.
They Are Yours if Yon
Want Them.
SEE THE BEAUTIFUL
CHKISTMAS CALL
NEXT SUNDAY :
Samuel R. Hall. 23. 417 Stockton street, and
Viola Crips," 19, 417Stockton street. : *'.
Harry M. Blune, 44. 1198 Ellis street, and
Edith M. -Ellis, 19, 1199 Sixth street.
Augustus Raggio. 33, 117 Laguna street, and
Mary Kelley. 23, 815 Stockton street.
Lawrence J. G. Sinclair. 23. 1002 Geary
ntreet, and Hester Bennett. 19. 3421 26th st.
Jesse C. Brlngham, 31, Redding, and Jewel
B. Hoff, 21, Redding.
Joseph B. Irvine, 27. 136 Fifth street, and
Fannie Cunningham, 20. 40 Mary street.
Ingemaud A. Rust. 35, 18%B Freelon street,
and Terese M. J. Johnson, 30, 18^B Freelon.
William Loudon, 54, 320 Mason street, and
Emma Hewitt. 45. Vallejo.
Thomas Flahive, 35, city, and Annie Cour-
nane. 99. city. .
BIE'fflS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent' by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free . of charge.
BORX.
CLARKIE— In Alameda. Cal., December 13,
1903, to the wife of H. W. Clarke, a son.
FUNGE— In thts city, December 13. 1903, to
the wife of Frederick L. Funge, a son.
MORTON— In this city, November 30, 1903,
to the wife of H. J. Morton, twins— a son
9 and a daughter. '¦ .
SMITH— In this city. December 13. 19C3, to
the wife of J. C. Smith, a son. ¦
: . MAURIEP.
BECK— STOTHARD— In this city. December
3. 1903. by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Freder-
ick Beck and Mary Stothard.
BLUM— KELLEY — In this city. December 13.
1903. by the Rev. Father O'Hara. Edmund
T. Blum and Theresa Kelley, both of this
."city.
EMBREE— REED— In this city. December 13.
10C3, by ths Rev. William N. Meserve, Wal-
lace Drummond Embree of San Francisco
! and Ida Reed of Covinston, Ky.
HANSEN— GREGER— In this City. November
30, 1903, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Johan
- M. Hansen and Annio preger. «,
HILL — KRAMER— In ' this city. December* 6,
- 1903 by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Joseph A.
Hill and Mathilde A. Kramer.
IVERSON — CARSTONS— In this city, Decem-
j ber 13, 11)03, by the Rev. Frederick A.
Doane, Ivor J. Iverson of Cummlngs, Men-
" docino County, Cal., and Alice Carstons of
San Francisco. . . ,
TIETJEN— PALLESEN— la this city. De-
cember 12. U»03. by the Rev. O. Groensberg.
HJalmar Tletjen and Dortea Pallesen.
WOOD — PEACOCK— In this city, December
12. 1903. by. the Rev. F. M. Larkln, William
C Wood and Anna Peacock, both of this
city. *
DIED.
Biggs. Minnie McNesby. Frank
. Brown. Paul Meyers, Anne
Buellesbach. ' Helena Morton, t Infant
Burns, Nellie Nicholson. John J.
Elite, Elizabeth Ohlsen. Beneditia
Fitzgerald. Mary J. Peasley, Matthew F.
Garmon, Elbert "Pergeaux, Anna
Ginty. Allla L. Phelps. Alenson H.
Goodsell, De-Courcy Plato, Minnie
Granfleld. Delia Puckhaber. John
Griffin, Harry ' **«'«» Jo 1 " 1 °-
Groenevelt, Carl G. Schllcker. F. W.
Heinze. Carl F. ' Smith. Barclay J.
JoBlyn, Charles S. Smith, Ferdinand
Kluge. Emll Smith, Christopher
Maginis, Mrs. Alice Trowbrldge. Willie
McDonald, Bridget Weltz, Lambert
McDonald, Wm. F. White. Helen
McFarland, May H. Wynne, Henry F.
McGregor, , Fred'k Zelmer, Corine D.
BIGGS— In Berkeley. Cal.. December 14, 1903.
at the residence of her parents, Mr. and
Mrs L N. Nelson. 1045 Russell street, cor- 1
ner of Mllvta. Minnie, beloved wife of R. H.
Biggs of Jamestown, N. Dak., and mother
of Aurla J. and M. Hazel Biggs, a native
of Iowa, aged 37 years 1 month and 28 days.
BROWN— In this city. December 13. 1903,
Paul, beloved husband of Caroline Brown, a
native or Prussia, aged 46 v^ears.
BUELLESBACH— In this city, December 14,
1003, at her residence. 618A Natoma
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Helena
Buellesbach, beloved mother of Elizabeth
Buchholz, and grandmother of Alexander, Ar-
thur and Peter Buchholz, a native of Ger-
many, aged 77 years 11 months and 21 days.
BURNS — In this city, December 14, 1003. Nel-
lie, dearly beloved daughter of Mary | and
- the. late Thomas W. : Burns, beloved sister of
Katherlne Burns and granddaughter of P.
W. and Mary J. Drury.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 9 o'clock, from her residence. 640
Oak street. Whence to Sacred Heart Church,
corner Fillmore and Fell streets, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 0:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
ELLIS — At Ellis Landing, Richmond, Cal..
December 12, 1003. Elizabeth, wife of the
late Captain George Ellis, mother of Selena
E.,' George E., William R. and Charles T.
Ellis, and sister of Mrs. Charles Ferris, a
native of Ireland, aged 57 years.
ETFuneral services at the above residence
at 11 o'clock, Tuesday,' December 15. Inter-
ment private.
FITZGERALD — In this city, December 14,
1903, Mary Jane FlUgerald. a native of Can-
ada, aged 72 years -and 15 days.
GARMON— In this city, December 11, 19C3.
Elbert Garmon, a native of Missouri, aged
30 years.
GINTY^-rln this city. December 14, V903, Allla
Lillian Ginty, dearly beloved daughter of
John and Lillian V. Ginty, and sister of Eu-
gene • M. Ginty. a native of California, aged
IS -years 0 months and 2S days.
(ETFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
.'Wednesday, ' at 11 o'clock, at the residence
of her parents, 758 Ashbury street. .
GOODSELL— In this city, December 14. 1903,
De-Courcy M. Goodsell, father of Mildred
L. Goodpell, a native of New York, aged
83 years. \. • . . ¦
GRANFIELD— In this city. December 14. 1903.
Delia, beloved wife of John Granfleld, and
- daughter of Rachel and Michael Hayes, and
sister of John, Charles and Harry Hayes.
Mrs. May Laushlln and Mrs. J. Laskie, a
' native of Los Angeles, Cal., aged 22 years.
GRIFFIN— In East Oakland, Cal.. December
14, 1903. Harry, eldest son of Charles A. and
Fannie Griffin, and brother of Edith. Elsie
and Charles Griffin, a native of Missouri,
aged 9 years and 9 months.
GROENEVELT— In this city, December 14,
.1903. Carl Gustave, dearly beloved husband
of • Marie Groenevelt, . and father of Mrs.
Minnie ¦ Schormann and Otto, Ida, Gustave
and Max Groenevelt and Annie Sold, a na-
tive of Holland. Germany, aged 78 years 1
month and 4 days. . .
HKIN/CE — In this" city, December 13, 1903, Carl
Frederick, beloved husband of . Emma ' A.
Heinze, .and devoted father of Mrs. Emma
Rasmussen and Julius, Paul, Martha, Alma
and Wllhelmlne Heinze. a native of PoBen,
Germany, aged 61 years 10 months and 21
days. A. member of Norddeutscher Verein
and Shoemakers' Union.
B^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral .- to-day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
¦ of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. "
JOSLYN — In Napa County, Cal., December 13,
1903, Charles S. Joslyn, a native of New
•.York. ¦ - • • ¦ ¦¦ ' ¦ • ¦• ¦ • . ,_ ¦'
(C7"RetnaIns at the parlors of Valente, Ma-
rinl &• Co.. -1524 Stockton street. . Cremation
will take place -Wednesday, at 3 o'clock, at
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KLUGE — In this city, December 14. 1903,.
¦ Emll,- beloved husband of Mary A. Kluge.
' and father - of ¦' Fred Kluge. a native of
Libau,. Russia, aged 60 years 10 months and
9 days. ,
(E7The funeral will take place Wednes-
day, at 11' o'clock,. from the mortuary chapel
of the Golden Gate . Undertaking Company,
2475 -Mission street, near Twenty-first. In-
terment .Cypress Lawn Cemetery". ¦ Funeral
and "nterment private. .
MAGINIS— In this city, December 14, 1903,
Mrs. Alice Maginls.
McDONALD— In this city, December 14, 1803,
at her rasld^nce, 110 Converse street,
Bridget, beloved wife of the late . Thomas
McDonald, and sister of Annie. Doran. a na-
tive of County Monaghan. Ireland, aged 60
Vears.9 month* and 14 days. . •. ...
McFARLAND — In : this city. pecember 14,
.1903 May Helen, beloved, wife.. of. Wallace
McFarland, and daughter of James" H. and
M. Helen Cfttor. and sister of Ozro A. and
Albert H. Cator ana- Mrs. Effle.M. Wlnans,
a native of Rochester, N. H., aged 34 years
4 months and 7 days.
. jcyFriends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited" to attend funeral services to-
morrow • (Wednesday), at 1 :30 o'clock, at
the residence of her parents, 148 Clinton Park,
oft . Valencia street, between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
.' etery by carriage. r
McGREGOR— In I Oakland, Cal.,- December 14.
1903, . Frederick McGregor, beloved husband
¦ of Mary Jennings- McGregor, son of the late
' Joseph :• i and ¦ Fanny • MeGregor. and twin
brother of .William . C. McGregor, a. native
¦' of San Francisco, - aged 87 years and 27
','day».' ;¦;.*¦¦•„ .. ; ; , ¦¦¦¦¦. : -
, ETNotlce of funeral . hereafter. . . ,-._"..
McDONALD-^-lri this city, December 13. 1903,
William F.. husband ' of the late Mary Mc-
- Donald, father of Frances McDonald, son of
r.J.'MONAHAN, Manager. : Tel. Mission wl_
MONAHAW (THARA & CO.
FUNERAL' DJRECT0R8 AND EMBALMERS.
' ~ 2339-2341 Mission st.". ' rear ! Ninetecnta,
. . „ ¦ . .- - <6»a Francisco.- ; . .*;•¦. |
Henry and the late Bridget McDonald, and
brother of John J. McDonald and Mrs. M.
Ctllaghan, a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years.
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 0:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's CMtrch for servtces
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ' Interment private.
McNESBY In this city. December 14/ 1903.
Frank, dearly beloved husband of Sarah Mc-
Nesby. and beloved father of William. John.
Catherine. Alice and Ella McNesby, and son
of Mrs. Mary MeNesby. and brother of Cath-
arine. James. John. Henry and William Mc-
Nesby and Mrs. Frank Donavon, a native of
- New York, aged 35 years 11 months and 0
days.
MEYERS— In this city, Anne, wife of- the
late Henry Meyers, and mother of Mr«. M.
S. Johnston, a' native of Ireland.
MORTON— In this city. December 14, 1903.
Infant son of Harry J. and Helen Morton.
NICHOLSON— In this city. December 13. 1903.
JiHm Joseph, beloved husband of t Mary
Nicholson, father of Jennie, Edward and
Frank • Nicholson, and son of John Nichol-
son, a native of Boston. Mass.. aged 60 years.
(TJ-Notlce of funeral hereafter.
OHLSEN— In this city. December 14. 1903.
Beneditia. beloved mother of Charles Wil-
liam and Ernest Edward Ohlsen. and grand-
mother of Mary Frances, Kitty EUiabeth
and Alice Hazel Ohlsen, and mother-in-law
of Albertlna Ohlsen, a native of Sweden,
aged M years 3 months and 22 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 10:30 o'clock, from her late rtsl-
' dence, 1220 Potrero avenue. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
PEASLEY— In this city. December 13, 1903,
Matthew F Peasley, beloved brother of Mrs.
Mary A. Ott and Mrs. Lizzie McElroy, a na-
tive of -San Francisco, aged 30 years 1 month
and 9 days.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
1 (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister. Mrs. Mary Ott. 1323 Vermont
street, between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-
fifth, thence to St. Peter's Church for bless-
Inr and thence by electric car, at 2:lo
o'clock, at Eighteenth and Guerrero streets,
for Holy Cross Cemetery.
PERGEAUX— In this city, December 13, 19«s.
Anna Pergeaux. beloved mother of Lou'a
Pau!, Mary and Eugene Pergeaux. a name
of France, aged 43 years.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. December 16, 1903. a it 9 o clock,
nt the mortuary chapel of J. S. God«au, ato
•Montgomery avenue. Interment Holy cross
¦ Cemetery,
PHELPS— In this city. December 14, 1903,
Alenson Hosroer Phelps, a native of New
York City, aged 71 years 10 months and ¦*
*VT Funeral services will take place
Wednesday, at 10 o'clock, at St. Lukes
Church, corner of Van Ness avenue and
Clay street. Interment private. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
PLATO— In this city. December 13. 1903, Min-
nie, beloved wife of the late Morris Plato,
and mother of Mrs. William J. Doran. Mnr.
E. J Deady and George M. Plato, a native
of Posen. aged 70 years.
- CT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 45 Lafayette street, between Elev-
enth and Twelfth, and thence by 11:30
o'clock train to Home of Peace Cemetery for
interment.
PUCKHABER— In this city. December U, 1WW.
at his residence. 1801 Fifteenth avenue
south corner P street south, John, dearly
beloved husband of Meta Puckhaber. and be-
loved father of Charles R. Puckhaber. Mrs.
O. W. I. Stone, Mrs. E. L. Dunshee. Mrs. G.
Westphal and .Mary. Matilda and Alice
Puckhaber. a native of Hanover, Germany,
aged 75 years. . A member of South San
Francisco Lodge No. 46, K. of P. (New
York and New Orleans papers please cop>.}
ETTnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1801 Fifteenth avenue south, cor-
ner P street south.
REI3— In thts city, December «.!«». John
0 Rels beloved husband of Belle B. Kels.
a native of San Francisco, aged 38 years a
months and 10 days.
CXThe funeral services will be held at
2412 Wtrster street. Tuesday, December 15.
at 11 o'clock. Interment private. Omit
flowers.
SMITH— In this city. December 14. 1003 Fer-
dinand, beloved husband of the late Helen
C. Smith, and devoted father of Mrs. Grace
W. Rockey, Mrs. Charles A. Smith: Mrs.
Walter A. Smith and the late CWarles F. \\ .
Smith, a native of Germany, aged 71 years
1 month and 22 days. A member of Cali-
fornia Lodge No. 1. F. and A. M.. and Ex-
celsior Lodge No. 12C. A. O. V. W.
ETFrlends tod acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mor-
row (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his
late residence. 2500 Howard street, between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric funeral
ear from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
SMITH— In this city. December 11. 1903. Chns-
topher iChrist.). husband of Elizabeth Smith,
and father of Mary Smith, a native of Den-
mark, aged 42 yearn. A member of Web
Pressmen's Union No. 4. (Fresno papers
t please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), nt 1 o'clock, from I. O. O. V.
Hall corner Seventh and Market street*,
under the auspices of Yerba Buena Lodge
No 15 I O. O. F. Interment Cypress
•Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. Remains at
the parlors of Halated & Co.. 946 Mission
street.
SMITH— In this city. December 14. 1803 Bar-
clay J . beloved husband of Lydla A. Smith,
and father of Laura M. and Harper A.
Smith, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 69
5 e j^rFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, at hia late
residence, 370 Harrison street. Remains will
be taken East for interment. • \
8CHL1CKER— In this city. December 13. 1903.
Frederick W.. eldest and dearly beloved son
of Frederick L. and Agatha Schlicker.
brother of Alfred Schllcker. and srandHon
of Phillip J. and the late Catherine Apffei.
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year £
months and 19 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 2204 Greenwich street, near
Fillmore. \ Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
TROWBRIDGE — In this city. December 14.
1903 Willie, beloved son of James and the
late Sarah Ann Trowbrldge. and brother t>f
Henry. Frederick and the late Sldnev and
Pearl Trowbrklge, a native of England, aged
21 years and 0 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to- attend the funeral to-
morrow (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from
the parlors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission
street. Interment Cypress; Lawn Cemetery.
WEITZ— In this city. December 13. 1903, Lam-
bert Weltz, beloved husband of Katie Weltz.
J a .native of Germany, aged 39 years 7 months
and 16 days. .
fETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H F Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Cremation
I O. O. F. Cemetery.
WHITE— In Oakland. Cal.. December 14. 1900,
' at 220 East Seventeenth street. Helen Ger-
trude beloved daughter of C. I* and Mary
H. White, a native of Oakland. Cal., aged
8 years and 8 months.
"WYNNE— In thU city. December 12. 1900,
Henry F Wynne, beloved husband of Addle
Wynne father of Henry and Arthur Wynne,
and brother of Margaret A.. Nellie R. anU
' William A. Wynne, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 44 years and 1 month.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 7:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2914 Mission 'street, thence to
PrecUa Parlor Hall. 2668 Mission street, for
services to be held under the auspices of
Preclta Parlor No. 187. N. S. G. W.. com-
mencing at S o'clock sharp, thenc« to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the tepooa
of his soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Preclta Parlor
No 18". N. 8. G. W., are requested to meet
at 'Parlor Hall. 2663 Mission street, at 7:45
o'clock sharp, Tuesday, December 15, to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother. Henry
F. Wynne. Fine for non-attendance.
2EIMER— In this city, December 14. 1903.
Corine Delia Zeimer. beloved daughter of
Isidor . and Ruth Zelmer. a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year and 7 months.
RE A L ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery St.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 16. 1903. at 12 o'clock M.
PACIFIC-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
No*. 52« to S28 Pacific st. and Nos. 2 and «
St. Charles place In rear; 2-*tory brick build-
ing of 3 stores on Pacific st. and tenements in
rear; Paclnc-*t building under lease to one
tenant; this location is Improving in vajue
rapidly.
Annual rent $2016; lot 47:lCxl37:6 to rear st.
CHOICE MISSION RESIDENCE.
No. ra Fair Oaks st.. bet. 21st and 22d; In
the very warm belt of Mission: thoroughly well
built, containing 0 rooms, 2 baths and large
basement, with storerooms, etc.; extremely sun-
ny; lot 01x117:6 to alley. •
FINK CORNER FLATS.
Southeast Jackson and Broderick; 3 flats and
10-room house; modern and well built.
Rent $207 50 per month: lot 27:6x100.
INSIDE UNION-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. *.)?' Union Et., bet. Taylor and Jones;
containing 10 rooms ar.d bath; only few min-
ut*-s from business center.
Lot 27:0x120.
SACRAMENTO-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 2C2* Sacramento, bet. Stelner and Pierce
ets. ; choice location for home; close to Fill-
mrre n.: car facilities are best.
Lot 2GxlO3.
SIXTEENTH-ST LOT.
North line of Sixtenth St., bet. Church and
Sanchez: '_' fine building lots.
Size 50x95.
CHURCH-ST. LOT."
West !:»«¦ Church ft., bet. Fifteenth and Six-
teenth: dcuble building lot.
Size 50x125.
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
Ncs. 1410. 1412 and 1414 Kearny St.. near
Un.'on; houses and flats; always rented; yearly
rents J7SJ8.
Lot 50x137:0.
INSIDE JACKSON-ST. CORNER.
Nos. SCN. 810 Jackcon st., cor. Bedford place,
bet. Stockton and Powell sts. ; grand location
for fiats.
Lot 64:6x117:6.
POLK-ST. INVESTMENT.
Xos. 2031 and 3033 Polk st.. bet. Pacific and
Broadway: with small expense present Income
could be greatly Increased; present monthly
rents SI2 BO.
Lot ::ixico. ' .
JACKSON-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
Pouth line Jackson St., bet. Cherry and First
ave. : In neighborhood of artistic homes.
Size 134:11x128; will subdivide.
MARINE VIEW CORNER.
Southeast corner Jones and Vallejo sts. ;
grand residence site.
Rents $34 per month; lot 45:10x61:6.
TERMS AT SALE.
For catalogues and particulars apply to
MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & COMPANY,
038 Market street
AUCTION !
AUCTION !
AUCTION !
Tuesday, December i2. 19M. 12 o'clock noon. I
At Our Salesroom. ' j
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
Leavenworth st., between Pine and California
sts.— Lot 40x«0 ft.; 2 frontages; through to
Helen st., Nos. 1037-39-41-43; improvements:
3 elegant flat*. 3 rooms and bath each, also
a handsome 10-room residence, all In first-
class condition; permanently rented at $1500
. PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
East line of Clayton st., 27 :>} ft. North of
Haight st.. Nos. 552-04-5(3 — Extremely large
lot 33x100 ft.; improvements: 3 absolutely
new flats, 7 rooms and bath each, electric
lights, gas. patent gas grates, expensive
wooden manteis, tiled rinks in bathrooms.
GEARY-STREET INVESTMENT.
South line of Grary st.. I.'l7:tf ft. west of
Gough st. — Lot 27:t»xi:>7:6 ft.; No. 1353 Geary
Et. : a handsome 2-story frame residence, 10
rooms and bath, high basement, brick and
conciete foundation; rents $S5 per month;
could easily be reconstructed Into two flats.
WKBSTER-STREET FLATS.
Nos. 1O7-U-1I-13 Webster ft., north of Wallar
st. — Improvements : 4 new flats, built less
than a year aso, containing rt-6-0-9 rooms
and porcelain baths: rents $140 per month:
bituminized street*, concrete sidewalk; ?5000
mortgage can remain.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
West line of White st.. 157:0 ft. north of
Vallejo Et.. between Hyde and Larkln, Nos.
17 and 17 Vj — Two flats: rents 16 per month.
RICHLAXD COTTAGK.
East line of Cook si., 125 ft. north of St. Rose
St.. between Point Lobos ave. and Rose st. — >
Lot 25x120 ft., cottage of U rooms and bath;
rented for $15 per month; Geary-street cars
within *i block.
TWENTY-SECOND-STREET FLATS.
Nos. 3740-42 22d st.. east of Noe st. — Lot 25x
114 ft.: improvements: 2 modern flats. 4 and
5 rooms, and bath; lower flat is furnished:
furniture to be included in sale of proj>erty;
rents $39 p»r month
MISSION RESIDENCE.
East line of Lexington ave.. 85 ft. south of 20th
?t- — Improvements consist of ¦ 2-story resi-
dene, S rooms and bath, brick foundation,
2 toilets, etc. ; this being a key lot, it com-
mands an abundanre of sunshine.
HYDE-STREET INVESTMENT.
Wret lice of Hyde «., 73 ft. south of Post-
Lot 20x86, through to Meacham place; 2
frontages; Xo. CVJ Hyde St.: improvements:
S-n*om residence with porcelain baths, high
basement, pau-nt sUel range built in kitchen;
rented for >.V> p«>r month.'
MISSION COTTAGE.
EaFt line of Harrison St.. north of 22d et. — Let
58:3x100 ft.; No. 2523: cottage. 5 rooms and
l.ath, bay windows, wooden mantels, modern
in every respect, almost new; rented for
$22 30 per month.
For further particulars inquire of
EASTON, ELDHIDGE & COMPANY.
c:s Market street.
SPECK & CO.,
SO" Market st.. opp. Kearny.
Real Hstate Agrnts and Rent Collectors.
Full charge taken of property.
GREAT WAREHOUSE SITE.
$100,000— Townsend-Ft. corner. 275x275 ft.,
fronting t». P. R. R. ; no better site
for storage or warehouse purposes.
BIG INTEREST PAYING FLATS.
f2T>,000— Rents $230; corner; Western Addition;
lot 37:6x84 ftet.
$19.C(X^— Annual rents. $2185; Golden Gate
Park; modern, bay-window flats; lot 50x
137:6 feet.
$1G,UOI*— Geary st., east of Larkin et.; rents
$125; 3 elegant flat*.
fl.'OKXj— Annual rents. $1710: Webster St.; 4
new flats; select location.
$11, 500— Annual rents, $131>S; substantial -3-
stnry building; lot SOxSO feet; vicinity
of Second and Howard st*.
$10,000—2 beautiful Pc«t-Kt. flats: close to
Gough st.; 30 feet frontage; always
rented: yearly rents., $f»00.
$y.25O— Rents $0»> 50; stores and flats; .near
i'th and Harrison; 2 frontages.
$6,500 — Yearly rents., $924; Rltch St.; lot 42x
75 fet-t; pays 14 p?r cent.
$5,000 — Washington st., near f-'pnice; lot 5Ox
112:(J feet; must be sold to close estate
$5, 000— Yearly rents, $024: 2-story building
and stable for six horsta.
$4,C0O— 2 Sutter-st. flats; 5 and C rooms; lot
23x137:6 feet; a good buy.
$£,2fO— Yearly income, $420; flats near Third
and Bryant sts.; lot 25x75 feet.
SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st.
$1100 — COTTAGE of 5 rooms; 2718 Diamond
st.; 14 block of Guerrero-st. cars; rents for
$12 per month.
2 lots on Buena Vista ave., $125 each.
1 .lot on California ave., $500; terms.
P. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
FOR choice list of city property, houses and
lots, also Oakland and Berkeley bargains.
Call on or address
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California st.
BUILD on y<mr unimproved realty, we loan
full cost Iniprov. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
BARGAIN — Fine, new 6-room cottage; large
basement; $3500. Owner. 078 8th ave.. nr. C.
#fcETIMATES on plumbing work, new or old.
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
LOTS. N or 8 Bide of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chused by W. J. OUKN. 830 California st.
REAL ESTATE— -Country— For Sale.
FOR SALE or exchange — Farm 45 acres. Im-
proved? creek of water; hill land; some level
land; 4 miles east of Naoa. Apply to R.
HOCKEN, Napa. Price, $2300.
$15,000—173 1-3 acres, .one mile south cfrom
Yountvllle. Xapa County; vineyard, hay and
grain; balance woodland: 7 springs and run-
nlng water. GEO. F. VOLZ. 762 Fulton st-
FOR fawns, orchards and vineyards, poultry
and stock ranches, timber and grazing lands,
call or send for our catalogue. ROTHER-
MEL A CO.. 507 California st.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre. farm.
1200 profit per annum per acre.
Writ* for booklet. It's free. «0.1 J it
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cat
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyard*; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market rt.
A BIG list of all classes of ranches: state
what'* wanted and I'll send' descriptions.
JN\ V. eiCKELS, the. Land Arm t, 0 Geary.
MONEY TO f,O A\— ContlB ned.
MONEY loaned to Faiaried people, retail mer-
chacts. teamsters boarding-nouses, without
(security; ea«y payment*; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 653 Pat rott bids;.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advance? rn diamonds. Jewelry, at
- :>er ceat int»rest. Baldwin J«welry Store
P40 Market; tel. Main Iti44. Branch. 10 Third.
i • v
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Gtant ave..
LOANt: FROM $1 TO $10,000
MONEY to loan l^w Interest; gold, silver,
diatnonds. ptmrta iind precious bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth eL
NEW fBf-y n-.rtliod — To wage-earners on unin-
dorsed note*: absolute privacy. Fidelity
Loan Company, rooms 48-43. Chronicle tldg.
TO TalarieJ people without recurity; en furni-
ture; Jrd^rsr-'i notes and other security. S. F.
PiM-mim Ageacr. 243 Phelan buJMIng.
AT lewwt rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy: no commiFsion installment? accepted.
DONELU. 801 Eddy. Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Ass'n, loans on salar'ee confiden-
tial v; rfw.fimple plan. Room 50. El» Market.
St ON furniture & pianos; $25 up; no removal;
no corn. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 TER cent en furniture cr plam. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 70S Market st.
STAR L^an Co. of Wyoming loan* money to
Mlaned employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
I CAFH loaned salaried r>enp> on note* without
' iridnryer. MOP.rLL. <^a E-xamln-r h-illdlrg.
MOXCY WANTED.
A— 5 PKR CENT MONTHLY
On investmert* cf $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" «Tvindle. turf si>eruiation or gam-
h'.ms: PC*iTne, but a reputable, ostaMi^hfd
business ei;t*-rr>ripe in San Francisco: cleared
$'jT.«fX> '.art year on $luo.0c>0 capital; ptork
increased $20.(XO to enlarge the plant; call or
write foi particular?.
GKUMAMA INVEST. CO.. t>27 Market st.
airsiCAL ixsTRraiEXTS.
A^iFETvT'innEcrAir'uT'rmj^^
GAINS:
Coilard. $.'?5; Emerson. $''-5; Filsher. $70;
Miller. ?175; Chickling. $167: American.
. JIGS; Heine. $2:^; Haynes. $150; Steinway.
* J1&5; Steinway, large style, $"25, and JHty
ethers. Rents. $2 up; installments. $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 2."w-2o7 Geary street;
Oaklard branch. Fifteenth end Uroadway, old
P. O. bldg-
THE holidays' are close at hand and all who
contemplate eeiecting a piano are advised to
eclect this week bo as to avoid the delay ot
ruth week. A email jayment down "will se-
cure the instrument and delivery can be
made when you wish; J15o upward is all you
need lay. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY, 7(» Market st.
VE rent the bc*t piano In the city for $3 per
month : we allow six months' rental and
cartage ($20) off purchase price, thus giving
you a six months' trial of the instrument for
nothing; our terms and prices cannot be
equaled in San Francisco.
SCOTT-CURTAZ FIANO CO.. 5C0-G4 Hayes et.
* A FINE lot of Feecnd-hand uprights from $50
uii. including such make? as Chickering, Vose,
? Kroeger. Curtaz. Kirkhcm. Peate. Hardman,
Marshall & Weniell. Baus and others BE.VJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 10 OFarrell et. No
branches in San Francisco.
A TREMENDOUS sacrince; unredeemed stor-
age [4smci and furniture selling to pay *tor-
ape: dirt cheari. Whitehead's Storage, 1638
Market st. Or>en evenings.
BAND instruments; F. Besson. Pari*. maijrr;
Guf M.i v ;.: .. A?t. Tac. Coast. 27)» O'Farrell;
skill! -jI re^airir.g; 2d-hand instruments. sold.
Jt5 — UPRIGHT piano: Ste<k mahogany: £}arly
r.cw. HORNUNG BROS.. 21C McAllister st.
ALMOST cheaper than firewood: storage pianos
& furniture. lC'U Market «t. Open -evenings.
ALMOFT new up-right : cheap: cash or instalf-
¦ttli ECHZilTy. & CO.. 16 McAllister Et.
BEAUTIFUL :;-p^daI Steinway upright picno;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrcll.
SCHMKR, Byron Mar.zy piano?. Ocillan piano
BYRON MAt'ZY. 30S-312 Post £t.
BUVERIOn vJollt.r. zithers, old and new. H.
ML'LLEK. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CLAFFIFIED artvrrtU'-n-ier.ts ar.d fublcrlpt.cni
rw*!ved at Call brtnch offW. 2?0f> Fillmore.
oi-frit t:> wu storks to let!
TO lot— A large, well Hsrhted dcub'.e store, with
thr<-e living rooms attached: situated at 2T2 ,
Nlr.th rt.; rent l-M>. Apply bakery, 1^17 Fol- !
torn tt.
TO I-HAai: — In center of wholesale district;
large. light (ft— will with concrete floor; SE.
cor. Market aud Second st&. ; G5xl75; will be
put in ;oo<; condition: rent reasonable.
BIUnOVALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. 21S-220
Momncty et.
£ LARCH storeH &nd finished basements: side-
walk elevator: Valencia tl.. near JMh. For
further particular* apply to O. H. UMDSEN
& <-r«,. 2n MoTitrnmfry rt. ,
PERSOXALS.
A SPECIAL LOW RATE. 00 DAYS ONLT—
M. ELLA HARRIS.
Ta all whom I have made prices to sine*
Jan. 1. 19C3. & for the enrulr.g SO days only.
I will r.ik< a liberal reduction frcm all
prit-es for rcy special deep-wrir.kle treatment.
The lady who ha* been on exhibition in
the tres etore wir.dcwa may be reen at my
efSce tl:Is week froiu 10 to 3. in crder to ac-
commodate those who have requested to ex-
t::.:rt the face more thoroughly in privat*.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
7S1 O'Farrell rt.. r.ear Larkln. Call cr wriU
for book explaining method.
BAROJ^FCLOAK ~ANlTsUIT HOUSE.
Young ladies? steadily employed can have
Baron's cloaks, suits, furs and tailor-made
euits to order, on weekly or monthly pay-
ments plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vince yourself by calling on BARON. 7C2
Market et.
THE Etar Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, etopc falling, cures dandruff
end itch:ng ecalp: no rtatn or stickiness;
cieansee scalp; et druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
A — COME and let cur- doctors give you free
examination and advice; you pay for the
medicine only and at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY. 1500 Mission Ft., cor. 11th.
ICOT bow cheap but how good Is the motto ot
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the eewlnr-machlne of to-day. J.
W. EVAXS. agent. 1021 Market rt.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, rocalne habit. Call or
address Centra: Pharmacy. 251 Grant are..
censer Butter «t. : fee moderate.
WANTED — A hou«ke*per for a widower, with
one child <!l year*>; Protestant; about 40
yean?: object, matrimony. J. K., box U174,
Call office.
rRL'-VKENNKPS. morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow 15arK Co.,
>Mts£d Polk St.; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit curtd in 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 'Ml Max-
ket st.. room 203; phone South 75L
* AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overco&ts
• Ed trouters at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. ; .
ELEGANT suit* on easy Ininallments; 50 cents
and up per w*ek. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket «t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Tauter.!* Hall. Howard et.. nr.
8th: Prof. Fester: scciety dancing taught.
BON MARCHE PANTS CO.: special *5 pants
to order. Rooms 1%. 15 and 16. 40 Ellis St.
FINE genuine diamonds. watches.Jewelry cheap-
er than anywhere. A. A. Rltter. 237 Keamy.
MASQUERADE CO'*"-'—, Pl»y book", wlgl;
rour.try cr.-Vrs. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
KUITB to order on Installment*. SI per week.
Nruhaus & Co.. njercb. tailors. 727-729 Market.
EUPERFLUOUS fcair & moles remored by elec-
tric neeSle. Dr. A Mrs. Traverse,. 11 70 Market.
TAILOR-MADE wit *7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, ecr. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to lt< natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
Ecperfinous hair and rnoles removed with elec-
tric nee<*Je. Mrs. A Ml— Eaton, lllg Sutter.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reeep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been coened at 1008 Market »t.. opposite
Fifth. Otyn until 11 P. Pi. ' _i
PALBgfeTRY.
MME. DEVAF. •"¦lentlflc palmist and astrolo-
girt; palm readings $1; S questions by ex-
press. SI; open Tuesday eveJ also. 128 Post st.
5%£. NEEROAARD'S clans In palmistry be-
W« Dee. 1, & p. m. 242 Post St.; terms »10.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor et.. near Geary. Phone Black f>61.
I* A PKR HANGING. PAINTING. ETC.
CALL at 627 Turk et. or phone gutter 154 for
paperhanglng, painting and paper cleaned.
Fapertng: reasonable rates; tinting, painting.
HartmannT&lot Co.. 32* Si; tel. Mala 41&"SWEET PEA" GIRL OF THE
DURRANT TRIAL. WHO
MARRIED E. H. CLARK.
DENVER, Dec. 14.— It appears that
Colorado^ is to" have no colored contin
gent in her National Guard. Two com
panies of colored men had been enlisted
and. were. at. the armory. to-night to be
mustered in. Colonel Bloom was pres
fent as mustering officer, when "Major"
Charles Jonea, a colored man, to whose
efforts the formation of the- companies
was largely due, announced that he had
learned that Governor Peabody intend
ed- to officer the companies with white
men.' The colored recruits at once re
fused to enter the service.--.
Draw-Color Line in Colorado.
CALIFOKXIANS IX NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— The follow
ing Callfornlans are here: From San
Francisco— G. Cupuccio, at the Gilsey;
Miss S. Collins, at the Holland; W.
Cox, at the Hotel Imperial; Frank J.
McCutcheon and wife, at the Holland;
M. M.' Morrison, at the Grand Union;
J. T. Mullany, at the Herald Square;
A. H. Reighting. G. H. Young and
wife,* at the Holland; -W. Cox, at the*
Marlborough; B. W. Long, at the Gil
sey House; J. M. Smith, at the Herald
Square. *
From Los Angeles— Mrs. F/ : Cole, at
the Manhattan; A. Gambler, at the
Hotel Victoria; Dr. L. Lebus, 'tit the
Kensington.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 14— rm
diphtheria situation at Stanford University -^Br.
mains unchanged. No new cases have deVeir"*
oped durlnc the past five days, and .the xew
patients now in the detention hospital are rap-
Idly convalescing. , •
Oscar Hocks. Supervisor-elect, was
tendered a serenade last night by the
singing section of the- Hermann's
Sons and the singing section 'of " the
Mission Turn Verein. Later the sere
naders enjoyed the hospitality j of the
Hocks home, E. G. Brugge made a
congratulatory speech and the, Super
visor-elect replied in a fitting man
ner.
Oscar Hocks Is Serenaded.
Xmas trees; silver firs, spruce, cedar,
redwood, at McClaln's, Market.nr.Larklru*
The Minetti orchestra gave its first
concert of the season last night before
a big audience at the Alhambra The
ater. The programme was well ar
ranged and finely carried out. Every
number was encored. Albert I. Elkus
proved himself not only a brilliant
pianist, but also a composer worthy
of more than passing note. The ada
gio, "Pathetique,"_ was given In flr3t
class - style and - merited - the • applause
It received. .
Minetti Orchestra Concert.
Some very swell weiidlns Invitation* com*
from Knowiei. 24 Second street. Main 333. •
EAN JOSE. Dec. 14.— The Injunction Buit or
the Ban Jos* and Santa Clara Electric Rail
way vs. Uie Interurban Company, to co»pel the
latter to lay a third rail on North Market
'cc^urd^un^^y"^ JUdeC llytaad an<1
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 14.— The Board of Super
vigors to-<lay declined to accept the resignation
ct L. S. McLure as World's Fair Commissioner
for this county.
Mother* don't wait until croup btcomet dan
gerous. They jeIvc Pico's Cure at once. •
Forgiveness is the sweetest revenge.
Trachoma is Granulated Eyelids. Mu
rine Eye Remedy cures this and other
Eye troubles, makes weak eyes strone
Druggists and opticians: •
'.? Attorney" William .Craig; who' is act
ing i for • Clarke's ? relatives, sta ted - last
night -that - proceedings would Ibe in-
SAYS CLARKE ? WAS : SOBER.
• Two weeks /-ago,^according to her
'story^.told* lastVnight'between her sobs,
she 'returned fforira visit to her parents
In Louisville,; Ky., : poor in health and
funds.,' ;v Friendless'; and j homeless, she
• that ;• she; was forced to enter
'upoh'a'life of 'shame.!' . >
j "Clarke * found, me? where I had fal
.len,";*saidlthelwpman last. night, "and
: apparently.*" became^ interested in me.
jlt.was h)e; ; who "suggested that we be
j married^ and -promised, to give me a
¦ home'. 1 ::*It';is\nbt'.*true. that he was so
j drunk >thatv he; did, not know what he
Jwas doing,' although' he had been drink-
Iing < for t soni'e"*'daysr* i A;f ter our marriage
{in- Oakland;; we; returned,, to. this city
'.and' remained Tat 5 the; Lick? House. This
jmorhingi 1 . 1 ¦'¦¦;^of (an aching
tooth ¦and' he "advised* me to go to a den
! tist/arid jhave ' i£; attended 'to.- When J I
: returned . he ¦ was j gone ' and : a' few min
'utes;.later the detectives. forced them
:selves. into our- rooms , and demanded
• his {things, which '.;I. : : refused to give
• them.v They made all kinds of -,threats
| against me. I'am; satisfied that Clarke
jlntended .to; remairi>by me-as. he : had
[promised, ! for/ just- ; before I- went out
! he was talking labput, our future = home.
i He 1 is ' undoubtedly} under; t£e "Influence
;of.;his; relatives, ; whoj'were ; here this
afternoon,, and, will probably. regret his
i actions' arid', return.'!..' ¦>¦¦ ' v "
FACES- THE j COLD WORLD.
Having recovered from the surpris
ing news of Clarke's marriage his rela
tives and friends, began to speculate on
_the identity of his bride and it was not
until the detectives, who were engaged
by his relatives to locate him, had com
pleted their task yesterday that the
identity ' of the . woman was brought
clearly to their minds. ; In the woman
found in Clarke's rooms at the Lick
the. detectives recognized none other
than that familiar figure in the famous
Durfant trial, the . "Sweet Pea Girl,"
who daily sat in the, courtroom near the
murderer of Blanche. Lamont and Min
nie Williams and- frequently sent to the
accused: testimonials" of her sympathy,
in the shape of small bunches of sweet
peas..
• Her career since the termination of
that eventful trial that ended in the
hanging of Durrant has been filled with
varied -experiences.-includlng her mar
riage? to and divorce i from Charles J.
Bower, , a J local attorney, . about seven
years ago; -a- three years' stay in the
mining camps, of Alaska" and latterly
several affairs in . this city, which in
ncwise improved' her reputation.
I ; her ,; life . ; iiv the . Northwest
j"Sweet Marie,'.' as ,-¦ sh'e had come to
jbeknown^' accumulated considerable
money,: with which' she returned to this
[city, where for a time she lived Jn ap
parent luxury. Some, months ago she
again attracted;-,; public by
her strange. actio'risr which readily sug
gested to many; 1 , of i her old acquaint-
Tances that her rnind-Vas burdened with
'peculiar/. ' hallucinations. Then she
'dropped r from slghtfito; finally reappear
yesterday ""as- the : bride of a wealthy
man. : ; -\ :- ; *..\-^.v- ; \}-i .
weekly paper in this city. It was given
out that the newly married couple had
planned to spend their honeymoon at
Clarke's ranch in Sonoma County, but
yesterday's events show that this state
ment was only a : ruse to temporarily
conceal their presence in this city.
THE SWEET . PEA GIRL.
Detective Harry Brais arrested
George Raymond and Patrick O'Toole
last night on Mason street near Market
and locked them up at the City Prison
pending an investigation into their pre
vious records. When searched O'Toole
had a jimmy on his person. The police
believe that the two were concerned in
the many recent burglaries. They are
well known crooks.
Arrested on Suspicion.
The charges preferred against Dr.
Ilo Aiken, superintendent and resi
dent physician of the Masonic Wid
ows' and Orphans' Home at Decoto,
Alameda County, by a member of the
lodge named Tucker were
last night. The Grand Lodge met In
this city for the purpose of Investigat
ing the charges. Tucker alleged that
Dr. Aiken was cruelly mistreatrng
youths under his supervision. So lit
tle faith was taken in the charges that
the lodge did not even notify Aiken to
appear before it. Tucker appeared
and said that it was all a mistake and
that he was very sorry for having
made the charges. Dr. - Aiken was
completely exonerated of the acts of
cruelty charged against him. He 13
the master of Sequoia Lodge of Oak
land.
Cleared of the Charges.
Our frame department is showing a
new line of frames in gilt, oak and art
nouveau finishes. Good for Christmas
Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
But if Clarke's relatives are sincere, in
their belief that 1 a' mere"formal.proceed
ing is /necessary to* free 'him,' from Hhe
woman who is now. his "wife, .they jhaye
reckoned without; consideration^ of nKe.
fact that she . has a lawyer »wtio; is.' pre
pared to protect* her interests; as; far as
the law will allow. ! /. ¦ .; '. : .
Clarke's marriage shortly ] after - mid
night Saturday in Oakland was [a." great
surprise to hls ; many .friends -in -.this
city," and especially^ among the members'
of the Bohemian and. Cosmos* t clubs
with whom • he; Is in the , habit of
ciating daily. : The story in t Sunday's
Call related how he^and his •bride, went:
to Oakland " late ! in the afternoon, • and
finally, after the midnight bells| had
tolled, had secured, through the-assist
ance of Deputy 'County; Clerk-:Ray'Ba
ker, a- marriage license. . i Then 5i they!
hastened to , the' home df Rev. ( Mr .1. Van'
de Mark, . who', performed 'the .'marriage
ceremony,^the , two .witnesses to^the 'at-'
fair being Baker- and ' an : employe of a
Attorneys representing the husband
and the wife had meanwhile arrived on
the scene and after a hurried confer
ence it was agreed that Clarke's lug
gage should leave the hotel." It .¦•was
quickly assorted from that of the wife
and ten minutes later had been Temoyed
to the corridor, whence It was later
taken to an uptown hotel. . \
"This is all the result of a man's fool
ish act while under the' influence / of
drink," was the explanation made: by
one of Clarke's relatives as soon as the
party had reached the lower. floor of the
hotel. "Clarke has been drunk. for, over
a week and married this woman .while
he was stupefied with drink adminis
tered to him during a period of several
days. He returned to this city from; a
trip abroad a.week'ago Sunday and be
gan drinking freely. He then met this
woman, who now claims recognition as
his wife.. .. ¦ ¦.-¦ ' •'¦' -v •;'. 2~ ::'¦¦' ..? .;
"They ¦ were , married^ \ Saturday^ a
fact which we. did riot: learn" of Vuntll
we read an account of; th'e wedding. in
Sunday's Call. ,A r search ' was imme
diately made, for 'Clarke aridwe.flnal
ly located him at the hotel this: fore
noon. He was -.recovering . f rom his
spree and the fact "that he had mar
ried this woman ' was slowly/' dawning
upon his. befuddled mind. No, one re
gretted more ¦..thari'he' his* foolish: act
and he appealed to'., his- 'relatives, to
help him get out lof, his scrape. ,;He
readily agreed'} to -leave .the-; woman,
and did so. An attempt'toTsecure t 'his
baggage was met ; by, the stubborn re
sistance of the .woman, -but-the object
of our visit to his apartments has been
finally accomplished and 'all that is
now necessary, to" clear' Clarke' of : this
terrible mess is . to bring » suit f or .' an
annulment of . , the • marriage, \ in g the
proceedings of * which ,we ' will ; be : able
to prove that he" was drunk.' when; the
ceremony was performed and that; this
woman was well aware of . the faqt."/ :
WUJi FIGHT 'SUIT.-
who is a well-known club man and
son of a wealthy widow of San Jose,
suddenly found himself surrounded by
relatives, friends and detectives, who
hustled him out of his apartments at
the hotel. Later they returned. for 4 the
husband's belongings, but this time en
countered the bride, who, learning of
their plans to separate her from Clarke,
defiantly declined to permit his prop
erty to be removed. Again the friends
departed, but soon returned, this, time
with the husband. Confronted by the
latter, the wife urgently appealed- to
Clarke to assert himself and shake oft
the influences vhich she charged', were
being exerted over him. Finding that
he was indifferent to her pleadings
was about to desert her, the woman be
came hysterical and while her 3obs :
re-echoed through the rooms, Clarke,
with stolid features and without the
slightest word of farewell, left her.
RELATIVES TO THE RESCUE.
A sensational scene, marking " the
abrupt termination of the honeymoon
that followed the secret marriage in
Oakland at an unusual hour Saturday
morning of E. K. Clarke and Mrs.
Rosalind Bower, who turns out to be
the "Sweet Pea Girl" of Durrant trial
fame, was enacted at the Lick House
yesterday afternoon. ..During the tem
porary absence of his bride, Clarke,
W. S. Gage, the well-known mining
man, returned from the East yester
day and is registered at the Palace.
Mjgylce Schmitt, who has been in
Ne\^Ji'ork for several months, and his
wife registered at the Palace yesterday.
They returned from the East with the
remains of the late Banker Wormser.
which were buried yesterday after
noon.
Mr. and Mrs. Timothy Hopkins leave
for the East to-day.
George F. Ditzler, a prominent
rancher of Biggs, is at the Grand.
J. F. Yerington, a mining man of
Carson City, is registered at the Palace. \
W. F. Mitchell of Salt Lake, who &'
engaged in mining In* the West, is at
the Palace.
PERSONAL.
The secret marriage in Oakland Sat
urday was Clarke's second experience
in the matrimonial line, he having
wedded several years ago under simi
lar circumstances. His first wife died
abotlt a year ago and since then
Clarke, who is about 40 years of age,
has been abroad a great deal. Drink
ing has been his greatest vice, a fact
which his relatives, who are prominent
in this city, readily admit. From his
father, who died a number of years
ago, Clarke inherited a fortune of
something like $500,000, and to what
still remains of this will some" day be
added many thousands of dollars now
controlled by his mother.
HIS SECOND MARRIAGE.
"I understand that Clarke has since
made the claim that he was intoxi
cated at the time of his marriage and
did not know what he was doing. If
this is so he showed no signs of it at
the time the ceremony was L per
formed. I do not see how he could
have been greatly under the influence
of liquor, as they had been hunting
for Baker for four hours before the
ceremony. At any rate, when he came
to my house his speech was perfectly
clear and straight, and while there
was a slight taint of liquor on his
breath, he did not show in any way
that he was not thoroughly In posses
sion of all his faculties. Had he not
been able to satisfy me that he knew
perfectly well what he was doing I
shouid not have performed the mar
riage ceremony.
"The marriage toc-k place about 12:20
on the morning of the 12th, and they
requested me to "send the certificate to
Mrs. E. K. Clarke, rooms 407 and 408,
Starr King building, 121 Geary street,
San Francisco. I filed the certificate
on the 12th, had ~it recorded immedi
ately and mailed it to Mrs. Clarke on
the samenlay." . •i^-r.
"Just before the couple stood up
Clarke placed his hand on a necklace
the lady wore and said, 'That is a
present I brought from Naples.'
"After the ceremony Clarke asked
me to put on my hat and join them in
a banquet in celebration of the event,
but I excused myself on a plea of ill
ness and they immediately left, accom
panied by Ray Baker and Mr. Robin
son, v
HIS BRIDAL PRESENT.
"He told her there was a couple below
who wished me to perform a marriage
ceremony. I had heard the conversa
tion at the door and dressed hurriedly
and came downstairs. I found Clarke
and the lady in the parlor, and with
them were Ray Baker and Francis IT.
Robinson of San Francisco. I make it
a rule to ask every one whom I marry
a few questions in regard to the names
in the license, for instance, if they are
the parties specified and so forth, and
to also ask them if they fully realize
the importance of the step which they
are about to take. In the present in
stance I arlied these questions and they
were answered readily and without any
hesitation, and I proceeded to perform
the ceremony. . £<•?"• ':
couple in question I had been slightly
ill from heart trouble and had retired
early. Abou*t 12 o'clock the doorbell
rang and my wife answered and found
Deputy County Clerk Raymond T.
Baker at the door.
; The statement wired from Topeka,
Kans., a few days ago to the effect that
the purchase of the North Shore by
the Santa Fc was ratified at tlie annual
meeting of the directors of the latter
company caused much comment. The
statement was misleading-. The pur
chase ratified was that of a branch road
in the .edwood region of California. It
may transpire later on that the syndi
cate which is now paying face value
nnd accrued interest for the bonds of
the North Shore was authorized to act
for the Santa Fe. The fact will be
recalled that the purchase of the
Crocker, Stanford and Searles holdings
of Southern Pacific stock was conduct
ed through the agency of Silver & Co.
<>f New York, and a controlling interest
in the road acquired before the names
of the real purchasers were made
known to the public.
Negotiations for the purchase of the
North Shore Railroad are b^ing con
ducted through the agency of the Mer
cantile Trust of this .city.
When John Martin was in New York
recently he was solicited by the rep
resentative of an Eastern syndicate to
obtain an option on the purchase of a
large block ' of the company's bonds.
The syndicate agreed to take the bonds
at par and pay accrued interest. As
an evidence of good faith the syndicate
deposits $30,000 for each $100,000 of
bonds placed in the possession of the
trust company. It is understood that
bonds to the par value of one million
dollars will be deposited this week, as
agreements representing that amount
have been signed. The option, how
ever, does not expire until June 1 next.
It is regarded as absolutely settled that
all negotiations for the transfer of the
property to the new owners will be
closed up long before the expiration of
the time prescribed in the option.
There is considerable conjecture in
railway and banking circles concerning
the actual purchaser of the road. The
report that the Santa Fe is the power
behind the syndicate is strenuously
denied, honce it is surmised that the
Southern Pacific is taking steps to ac
quire the road.
stituted to annul the marriage and this
announcement brought a prompt re
sponse from Mrs. Clarke's logal rep
resentative, Attorney O. K. " Cushlng,
that any proceedings toward this end
would be fought by him.
Rev. William N. Van de Mark, who
married Edward K. Clark'e and Rosa
lind ' H. Bower in Oakland, said last
night:
"On the evening that I married the
open for business as soon as they could
get in their supplies if the crews were
put back in the places named.
Both 1 sides will hold meetings 1 this
morning and discuss the suggestions of
fered by th'e committee and will imme
diately take action. There is every
probability that the lockout will" be
called off to-day and the restaurants
reopen for business.
The association and the two unions
will t,hen take hip the agreement sent
out by the cooks and waiters and come
to an , understanding. The association
is opposed to the plan of the unions to
ignore It, and its members will demand
that a clause be inserted giving it
proper recognition. The association is
further opposed to certain houses being
permitted to hire non-union help. The
members want- one agreement for all
restaurant-keepers.
Whether there is a compromise or not
F. Krone, proprietor of the Popular
restaurant, on Geary street, will reopen
(or business this morning. He pasted
a sign on his- window yesterday that
read as follows: .
"Open \ to-morrow at 6 a. m. as an
open house. No discrimination among
labor, either union or non-union. Union
hands, union one day off .a week.
I will sign no agreement of any labor
organization. All help being treated
with courtesy, as before; but I am cap
tain of the ship. F. KRONE."
The first and only conference between
the Restaurant-Keepers' Association
and the waiters' and cooks' unions was
held -last evening at 20 Eddy street.
Four representatives of the unions met
M. Johnson, chairman of the executive
committee of the association, and two
hours were occupied. in deliberation. A
stenographer took -down everything,
and the transcription of his shorthand
notes will be filed among the records of
the association.- ¦-
At the conclusion of the meeting Mr.
Johnson expressed the belief that by
this afternoon the two crews taken out
of the Central dining-rooms, on Ellis
street, and the Tivoli cafe, on Eddy
street, will be put back and both these
houses will resume business. Mr. John
son intimated that no negotiations
would be entered into regarding the
agreement tor the coming year until
the two places were permitted to re
sume business. He further stated that
the restaurants that had closed under
the orders of .the association would re-
In the ensuing discussion the pro
tagonists of the resolutions were led by
Charles Bundschu, and among his ac
tive supporters were Dr. G. Dresel, Max
Solomon, David Hirschfeld and Henry
Epstein. The opposition*included Dr.
Jellinek, Attorney Gutsch, E. C. Prie
ber and Theodore Pinther. The debate
developed no new features, most of the
arguments being repetitions of those
advanced at the previous meeting.
It was 11:10 o'clock when the talking
on the resolutions ceased and a vote
was ordered on the first section of Mr.
Bundschu's resolutions. It resulted in*
eighty-four of the members declaring
for rescission of the action of the pre
vious meeting In regard to a new hos
pital, while seventy-three of those pres
ent voted to let that action stand.
Then, on motion of Mr. Bundschu,
consideration of the remaining three
sections of his resolutions was contin
ued till after the holidays.
A. That these peven members shall constitute
the bniidlnir committee, and all vacancies shall
be filled from amonsr the former presidents.
ARGUMENTS REPEATED. -
:t. That this bulldinr committee shall be
composed of three members of the presetit
v>carrl of directors and four others to be chosen
by the members of the society from nmonsr the
rx-pr?Bidents of the society living in San Fran
cisco, to r*» encsen at the next regular meeting
of the society.
2. That for the purpose of acquiring new
hospital plans it be understood that the cost of
the building shall be limited to $250,000 and
th<; equipment to $50,000. and that a building
oommittes be appointed to take charge of the
mntter.
Th<* special meeting: of the German General
Benevolent Society called by the president-tor
December 14, ISHaI. for the purpose of consid
ering a new hospital, resolves:
1. That thf> resolution adopted at the meet
in? in October in reference to the hospital be
reprinted as a whole.
Charles Bundschu then presented the
following resolutions and moved for
their adoption:
PKGSEXTS RESOLUTIONS.
By a vote of 84 to 73 the German
General Benevolent Society at a special
meeting last night rescinded the reso
lution adopted at its last quarterly
meeting, held in October, by which it
was decided to erect a new hospital
at an approximate cost of $500,000. The
gathering last night was In Union
Square Hall, and for three and a half
hours the subject was discussed in all
its bearings freely and amicably.
President Grunsky opened the pro
ceedings by reading a statement show
ing that at the October meeting it had
been resolved to construct a new hos
pital on the site of the existing struct
ure, to consist of a central building and
two wings, one of the latter to be built
first, then the other wing, and last of
all the central building, m the mean
time the existing hospital to be torn
down piecemeal as the construction of
the new one required. The entire new
building was to cost $500,000, and its
construction was expected to cover a
period of about ten years. The total
capacity was to be 288 beds. Plans for.
the building had been drawn by Mr.
Grunsky, and the board of directors
had authorized immediate commence
ment of work by appropriating the
$90,000 on hand to that purpose and
deciding: to borrow $50,000 a/klitional.
The president concluded his explana
tion by stating that in response to a
petition from a number of the members
he had called the meeting last night
to reconsider the action taken in Octo
ber..
Both Sides to Decide To-Day
Whether They Should Com
promise. Their Differences
Proposes to Reduce the Cost
of the Structure and Ap
point a Building Committee
Denial That. Santa Fc Is In
terested Causes Surmise That
Southern Pacific Is Purchaser
.SECURITIES TAKEN AT PAR
ADOPTS A RESOLUTION
CHEWS MUST BE PUT BACK
German General Benevolent
Society Decides to Revoke Its
Action Taken in October
Kestaurant Men Hold Confer
ence With Members of the
Cooks' and "Waiters'. Unions
Eastern Syndicate Acquires
One Million Dollars' Worth
of Kailroad Company's Bonds
MAY CALL OFF
THE LOCKOUT
NORTH SHORE
NEGOTIATIONS
RESCINDS PLAN
FOR HOSPITAL
RELATIVES TEAR CLUBMAN
FROM BRIDE OF FEW DA YS
E. K. Clarke Forcibly Taken From Rooms Where
He Had Gone With New Wife, Notorious "Sweet
Pea Girl"— Will Try to Annul the Marriage
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL; :> TUESDAY,.' DECEMBER 15, 1903.
16
MARKS EROS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
"Santa Claus"
Will be in attendance to-night
between the hours of 7 and 9 at
MARKS BROS.
"HOME OF, HONEST VALUES. "
WILL GIVE TO EACH CHILD ACCOM-
PANIED BY PARENT
A BOX OF CANDY!
i we issue merchandise or- ii
ders. they are appropriate
and up-to-date holiday gifts. ||
open evenings until christmas.
i special sale of stylish \\
winter waists for street and
house wear. ||
a* 7/t/» fleece lined oxford
Ml IOC WAISTS. Come in all
the prettiest seasonable stripes im-
aginable. Fr.ont and back neatly
tucked. Tab collar. Our regular
$1.25 value. y ; :
A* QGn WHITE OXFORD WAISTS. I
HI VOL Front f 0rme d o f 6 box
plaits, giving this waist a very natty
look. Large pearl buttons ornament
the front. This waist is really worth
$1.50. Special to-day at 95c.
A* <t1On CHIC WAISTS OF
HI &I./LU CREAM BEDFORD
CORD. Entire front . formed of pin
tucks, : forming yoke, and 3 broad
tucks which give a graceful pouch
effect. Sold all other days for $1.85.
Ai-41 £Z STYLISH WAISTS
Hl^l.f-O , OF LADIES' CLOTH
FLANNEL in substantial solid colors
of navy, blue', red and black. Clus-
tered tucks ornament front and back.
A good, $2. 00 value.
A* 41 QZ WAISTS OF FRENCH
Ml yVljV?: FLANNEL in all the
popular winter shades. A broad box
plait ornamented with large metallic
buttons extends down front: This
waist is very dressy. Cheap at $1.95.
Latest arrivals in HOLIDAY BELTS,
BAGS, HANDKERCHIEFS, SILK MUFF-
LERS, FANCY NECKWEAR and RIBBON
NOVELTIES now on display.
Green ; : Trading . Stamps with -. e very
purchase.
MARKSBROS.
"HONEST VALUES"
iV20r22-24MARKETSTREET
* : ','•%, Between Tayfor and Jones.
Oraedfath©r ? s Clocks
THAT WOULD MAKE HANDSOME
Christmas
PiresemtSao. I
Artistically and elegantly finished in Golden Oak, Weathered
f Oak and Mahogany.
Prices ranging from each and upward.
Our Stock is Especially Large and Varied "
This Season
Every style and Finish in Designs Not Obtainable Elsewhere.
CHOICE PIECES OF HISSION DESIGNS
Oriental Rugs
Choice Assortment — Rare Pieces. f*
Domestic Rugs
Carefully selected stock of acceptable gifts.-
Upholstery Department
Sofa Piilows Comforters
Table Covers Portieres
VISITORS ARE ALWAYS WELCOME AT OUR. SHOW-.
? ROOMS. T ~~ .
w. &. j. 3u)ftNE'&;c0.- j~
.. 1 14-1 16=1 18=120-122 POST STREET..
Between Kearny Street and Grant Avenue..
ii ii m m «»i^« i^'
I. Years of Study; j
Have steadily advanced to I
perfection the '<* ;|
...PIANO...
Genius has given ft the
most perfect tones." /Long
experience has endowed it
with a style and finish un-
surpassed by others, i -
Bem Curtazssi^i
(SOL2 AOSSTS) |
Open Evenings. I
16 OTarrcIl ' St., San Frandsco. \
I San ' Jose, Fresno, Alameda, Stockton. ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M ¦ gets its full measure m IS
¦§; Clothing at Brown's W
J&l * For the Small Boy. /yT™
3§8 Silk corduroy Russian Blouse Suits, fancy, chev- in. I i||
<£m iot and serge Eton and Sailor Suits, Reefer, Auto j; / ' ,j j
and Brown Buster Overcoats. \Mtt» //'Ami
ilr . For the Larger Boy. XJ«I|r'
|||§f Nobby two and three piece suits in single and
War double breasted and Norfolk styles. tpifffc
m. For the Young Man.
j*ja Tuxedo Suits, single and double breasted suits in Jfjf
e§j[. fancy cheviots, worsteds and the best black Thi- fM*
,!i33P bet and unfinished worsteds. . JfinL 1
2|i£ The finest fabrics and the latest styles for Man, VlBf
*$&? Boy or Child at prices which arc the JlP
311 Limit* of Economy. /kg?
j&gL Mothers, don't forget that Brown has Christmas - /»?£/
Tjj^ presents for your children. £^mm—Jn
"% jyriLL. to :m:a3ST. (7/11111
S 516-518 Market St. k«^SS»JphBF