UNKNOWN MAN WHO MET MYSTERIOUS DEATH, EVIDENTLY AT I
THE HANDS OF ASSASSINS. AND INCIDENTS OF THE LAST FEW
HOURS OF HIS LIFE. AS RELATED BY THOSE WHO SAW HIM.
Last night about thirty unmasked men,
riding in perfect order, came up the east
bank of the Big Horn, dismounted, teth
ered their horses and compelled the ferry
man to take them across the river They
made no demonstration until they entered
Basin, when five shots were fired as a
warning. The mob proceeded at once .to
the building which Is courthouse and jail
combined and fired a volley into the Jail.
Deputy C. E. Price and Special Deputy
George S. Mead were guarding the pris
oners at, the time. One bullet grazed
Mead's shoulder and entered Price's head,
killing him.
Members (f the mob then quickly pro
cured telephone poles and battered down
the jail doors. They first came to Wal
ters, who was crouched on his cot, pit
eously begging for mercy. No needless
torture was resorted. to; Walters was
shot instantly.
The mob next fired on Gorman, whose
body was pierced by five bullets and he
was left presumably dead* He lingered,
however, until 8:30 o'clock this morning.
He made no statement, but asked to see
Maggie Gorman, his accomplice. She was
far away and his dying request could not
be^grunted.
. Its -work; done, , the mob quickly and
It was reported to Sheriff Fenton last
Wednesday morning that a mob was
coming up to Basin along the Big Horn
River from Hyattsville and Tenstep to
lynch Gorman and Walters. As a meas
ure, of precaution the Sheriff took these
two men and a horse thief out of jail and
secured them in a gully near town under
guard of Deputy Sheriffs Felix Alston and
C. E. Price. Gorman, who has exception
ally small hands, managed to slip off his
handcuffs and escape. Deputy Price fired
a shot at the fugitive as he disappeared
In the brush, but the bullet went wide.
Gorman swam the Big Horn River ana
made for the mountains. A posse quickly
organized and Gorman was recaptured
early yesterday .morning on Trapper
Creek, about fifty miles from Basin. From
Wednesday until Saturday morning he
had not eaten a mouthful of food, and
he was exceedingly weak. He had no
firearms and offered no resistance.
SWEARS IN MORE DEPUTIES.
In the meantime Sheriff Fenton had re
placed Walters and the horse thief in the
Basin jail. Last evening Gorman also
was taken to the Jail and a force of fif
teen deputies was sworn in.
Feeling has been running high among
tho ranchers for a long time. Gorman's
crime was considered an atrocious one.
A year ago he shot his brother Thomas
at the latter's ranch on Sheel Creek, near
Thermopolis, and then fled with Thomas
Gorman's wife, Maggie, who is held as an
accomplice in the crime but is out on bail.
Gorman had two trials, each resulting in
a sentence of death by hanging, but his
attorney fought the case stubbornly and
took an appeal to the Supreme Court. The
ranchers believed justice would be de
feated.
Waltero was a traveling man who fell
in love with Mrs. Hoover. She refused to
marry him and he shot her. This was
about two years ago, and justice had been
delayed in his case also, though he had
been sentenced to death.
AVENGERS ATTACK PRISON.
RED LODGE, Mont., July 19.— Armed
ranchers intent upon vengeance have put
their heels upon the law in Northwestern
Wyoming, and what the end will bo can
only be conjectured.
From President L. L. Moffett of the
Montana and Wyoming Telephone Com
pany, who is making: a tour of inspection
of his company's lines, comes the news
by telephone of a lynching that occurred
at Basin, Wyp.t early this morning and
of an appeal for help from Sheriff Fenton
of Big Horn County, who has arrested a
number of prominent cattlemen near
Thermopolis and has asked the Governor
of Wyoming for the assistance of the
militia in getting his prisoners to the
Basin jail. : The affair of. this morning in
cluded the lynching of two condemned
murderers .and _ the killing \ of . a i. deputy
sheriff. The murderers were James Gor
man, who killed his brother about a year
ago and ran oft with his brother's wife,
and a man named Walters, who killed
Mrs. Hoover at'Therraopolls Hot Springs
two years ago because she refused to
marry him.
ESCAPE AND RECAPTURE.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Troops Are Called For and
Battle With Ranchers
Is Probable..
Reign of Lawlessness
in Northwestern
Wyoming.
Kill a Deputy in
Charge of the
Prisoners.
LYNCHERS
SHOOT TWO
MURDERERS
OMEy July 20, 5 a. in. — At this hour it is announced that the condition of the Pontiff is apparently stationary, after a night of utter exhaustion, zvith intervals- of zvild delirium. Dr. Rossoni said at midnight that Pope Leo did not
J\ recognize these about him; tliat he zvas extremely weak and unable to speak or even- to swallow' liquid. Dr. Lapponi expected the end before Monday evening. He said the patient was sinking rapidly and that food was no
longer assimilated.
MYSTERY VEILS DEATH OF UNKNOWN
FOUND LYING NEAR SAN PABLO ROAD
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., July 19.—
Steamer jOn Puget
Sound Crashes
Ashore.
PASSENGERS
HURRY FROM
SINKING BOAT
Autopsy Discloses Three Wounds,
Which Point Strongly to Murder.
RUSSIA AIMS
TO PROVOKE
HOSTILITIES
Peels Certain She
Is Able to De
feat Japan.
PEKING, July 19.— According to diplo
mats here the greatest factor in the
SUPREME PONTIFF LIES AT THE VERY THRESHOLD OF DEATH
AND NEWS OF THE END IS MOMENTARILY EXPECTED IN ROME
Continued on Page 2, Column 9.
The Ossarvatoe Romano, the chief Vat
ican organ. ha3 received orders to hold it
self in readiness to issue almost at a mo
ment's notice a special edition. The only
thing wanting to complete the paper Is
the hour of Pope Leo's death. The staffs
In reality, sleep is very far from all
eyes. No matter at what hour death
come* the whole palace will spring into
sudden life, as though touched by a ma
gician's wand. In the piazza, at St. Pe
ter's, on the contrary, all Is movenynt,
there . being a regular encampment of
journalists before the famous bronze
uoors, which are now closed In their faces
and behind which the regular tramp of
the Swiss guards can be heard. Many
eyes are slued to the window In the
Pope's chamber overlooking the piazza,
while the nearby cafes, especially those
with telephones, are crowded. Bicycles
ready for use are piled outside and cabs
are lingering about in the nope of catch
ing a fare. This strange scene is illumi
nated by the magnificent starlight, while
the two grand and celebrated fountains,
give a kind of spectral grace to the whole.
no sound comes except the heavy breath
ing of the unconscious Pope or his occa
sional cries for Pio Centra and Dr. Lap
poni. His tone is one of fear, as though
he felt himself abandoned.
world in general. A general belief
prevails that the Pope is dead, but there
Is no official information . to that ¦ effect.
It is the belief at the Austrian and Ger
man embassien, where it is understood
that he expired at 11 o'clock last night,
but authority for the report is refused.
One of the nephews of the Pope was seen
at the -.usslan embassy after midnight.
He said he had received no information
of the death of his Holiness, the last
news he had being that he would probably
survive.
Last night, telephonic communication
with the Vatican was discontinued.
It will bo recalled that the news of the
death of Pope Pius was withheld twenty
hours by the Vatican.
Cardinal Matthleu, who would be among
the first to be Informed of the Pope's
death, telephoned in reply to an inquiry
made of- him after 1 o'clock this morning
that the Pope was still living.
Now that the supreme moment In the
memorable reign of Pope Iieo is expected
almost hourly, the contrast between the
quiet within and the excitement without
the Vatican is most striking. In the vast
palace, there is a hushed caim of expecta
tion, the only wakeful souls being the
Swiss , guards. The doctors of the dying
Pontiff speak in whispers and move noise
lessly about, so that from the sick room
yvOME, July. 20-3 a. m.— Since 8
mjp o'clock last night the Vatican has
X^L practically cut itself off from the
General Belief in Rome That Pope Has
Jilready Expired.
EMBASSIES CREDIT
RUMORS OF DEATH
JH^OME, July 19. — The final crisis has come, and has come
&& when Cardinals, monsignors and doctors thought it most
distant; when the Pope's illness had entered on a period
of amelioration and his Holiness himself declared he felt better.
His illness, however, had brought Leo XIII to the borderland of
his final agony, and his 94 years will accomplish the rest.
He is not dying of any malady, for his pleurisy is nearly
cured. He is dying of old age and because the various organs
of his body have ceased to work as they should. His heart has
become weaker than any other organ. Its weak state causes it
to beat with extraordinary rapidity. The movement even reached
ninety-nine beats per minute. When the heart reaches such a
number of beats it is bound to become fatigued and may stop sud
denly at any moment.
Dissolution, however, will take place without agony, unless
one terms agony the terrible state of collapse into which his Holi
ness fell last night and which continued all of to-day and to
night.
The Pope, looking like a corpse, is lying with his eyes closed
and his head buried in the pillows. There is not the slightest
movement of any part of his body and his Holiness does not ut
ter a single word.
All is as silent as the grave in the chamber in which the life
of Leo XIII is ebbing. One must draw near to the emaciated
body of his Holiness, lying motionless under the sheets, to per
ceive that it is still in life and to see the chest rise and fall with
the last effort of the lungs. Around the bed are grouped Mgr.
Piffari, Dr. Lapponi and Valet Centra.
The other doctors simply limited their visit to a few minutes,
from necessity, to see that his Holiness was passing calmly away.
Every possible preparation for the death of the Pope has already
been made. Even printed notices announcing the fatal event,
which will be affixed to the doors of the various churches, have
been got ready.
During the whole day Rome newspapers of all shades of
opinion, from Catholic to Liberal, numerous editions
regarding the progress of the crisis in the Pope's illness from time
to time. It was, indeed, rumored that his Holiness was dead.
There was, however, no great crowd in St. Peter's square, on
account of the tremendous heat. - To-day has been the hottest day
Rome has had in a year. The mercury arose slowly to 98 in the
shade. This was already excessive heat, but it continued to rise
until on the shady side of St. Peter's square it arose to 107 de
grees.
It was not until the approach of sunset that the population of
Rome'began to pour toward the large square in front of the Vat
ican to await the signal of the death of a Pope, which is given by
the big bell of /St. Peter's.
As the authority of Leo XIII has almost disappeared, that
of the Cardinal Camerlingo, Cardinal Oreglia, has taken its place,
and new orders were issued at the Vatican. Yesterday and this
morning it was still easy to enter the building, but this evening
this became almost impossible. The result was that from time to
time the rumor' circulated that the Pope was dead, but at about 7
o'clock the Cardinals, who nearly all came to' obtain news of the
Pope's condition, left the Vatican one after the other. This is
proof that the danger of death is not immediate, as they should all
be present at the instant his Holiness expired.
Two Cardinals, however, did not leave the Vatican — Cardi
nal Serafino Vannutelli, whose duty it is to certify to the death,
and Cardinal Oreglia, who has already taken over the direction
of the Vatican. For the first time since the beginning of the
Pope's illness they have now taken up their residence in the
apartments they will occupy till the election of the new Pope.
Leo XIII Enters Upon Final Crisis
Which Must Soon Bring
Eternal Rest
Continued on Page 5, Column 1.
EMPTY THAIN IS BACKED
INTO CROWDED COACHES
Sides of Three Cars Are Caved In and
Several Passengers Receive
Fatal Injuries.
CINCINNATI, July 19.— Mrs. Carrie
Crawford and Harry Elswick of Wash
ington, hid., were probably fatally Injured
and ten other excursionists were severely
hurt to-day when an empty Queen and
Crescent train ran diagonally Into the
*>S<5e of a lone well-tilled Baltimore and
Ohio Southwestern excursion train which
was standing in the Cincinnati station.
The empty train was backing out of the
station and by accident was switched on
the track on which stood the excursion
train. The sides of three coaches were
caved In and a panic was started. The
empty train was running Blow at the time
of the accident.
of the tramp species. His dress shows
that he was a man of refined habits. He
wore an overcoat and gloves and gold
rlmmed eyeglasses. Such a man going
among tramps would be sure to excite
their cupidity in the hope of gain
they would have murdered him without
scruple.
The most significant thing found to-day
bearing on the murder theory were two
wooden clubs. These were found by Dr.
C. P. Gladding, the autopsy physician in
the. case, who has Interested himself in
it. In going over the ground yesterday
morning in the neighborhood of the barn
Dr. Gladding discovered these weapons
about forty feet away from where the
body lay, hidden in the grass.
FORMIDABLE WEAPONS.
One was a piece of pole that was used
to hold oortierers. It is split down the
middle and what remains of the original
pole is painted black. The other club is
a three-foot splinter from a pine scant
ling and tapers toward one end. Either of
the sticks would make a formidable
weapon. On one corner 'of the pine club
urday morning beside an old barn
on the San Pablo road In West Berkeley
is no nearer solution to-day. than It was
yesterday. Whether the roan was mur
dered, who are his murderers: whether
he committed suicide, who he was and
how he came to be in that lonely epot are
all questions that a scrutiny, of every
possible clew for twenty-four hours by a
score of men does not answer.
That the man was murdered and robbed
by tramps seems to be the most plausi
ble theory yet suggested. The barn out
side of which his body was found lying
In a pool of blood yesterday mcrnln& by
"Bud," the young son of Mrs. Annie E.
Wilson. Is Infested nightly with tramps,
who find it a convenient shelter fiom the
elements. The people living in Us neigh
borhood say that from fifteen to twenty
of these wanderers make .up: their beds
in the straw there every night. While
there are so many such characters some
of them must be desperate.
The dead man seems not to ha ve been
THE mystery surrounding the case
of the man found dead with two
bullet holes In his forehead and a
pistol clenched in his hand Sat-
About 11 o'clock this forenoon the fog
cleared away and the North Pacific was
sighted between Marrowstone Point and
Admiralty Head. She had apparently
capsized .'when she sank and the boilers
and machinery dropped out of her, going
through the top of the house. The steamer
was' anchored -in "about; fifteen fathoms
of water. Her. bow was resting on the
bottom and her stern was about five feet
but of water. The tugs Falcon and Wan
derer and the passenger steamer Daunt
less attempted; to, pull the wreck in shoal
water this afternoon, but were" unable to
moverTher. ¦ A -diver- will examine the
wreck to-morrow, and assist. the' tugs in
making fast to the. wreck.
The tug C. B. Smith, Captain Smith, of
Everett heard the distress signals of the
sinking steamer, and going alongside took
on board all who had not already taken
to the steamer's boats. Then she passed
a hawser aboard and started for the
shore with the North Pacific in tow. , The
tug . finally grounded at Marrowstone
Point and her master sang out to the
North Pacific to let go her anchor. At
the same time the tug cast off her
hawser. The anchor failed to hold the
steamer and she disappeared in the fog.
Fortunately It was the first trip the
North Pacific had made for some time and
consequently she had only fourteen pas
sengers. The fact that it was not gener
ally known that the steamer was on the
run ' accounts for her small passsenger
list. The passsengers and crew were
given food and shelter by Keeper Morgan
of the Marrowstone Point Lighthouse
and this forenoon eleven passsengers were
taken aboard the steamer Mainlander,
which had run ashore at Marrowstone
Point, but easily backed off when the tide
flooded. The crew and balance of the
passengers were taken to Seattle on the
Mainlander.
The side-wheel steamer North Pacific,
which ran on the route between Seattle
and Vapcouver, struck on Craven Rock
this morning near Marrowstone Point
during a dense fog. The vessel began to
leak badly and when it became apparent
that she would sink an attempt was made
to beach her.
The belief is attributed to the Japanese
that the Russian policy is to attempt to
placate Great Britain and America and
provoke Japan Into beginning hostilities.
They regard Russia's consent to opening
ports In Manchuria, the Czar's promised
vis'.t to England and the occupation of
the Korean border as part of that policy.
I Russia's activity on the Yalu River Is
more irriatlng to Japan than the reten
tion of Manchuria and all Japanese offi
cials In China speak of war as a "proba
bility."
YOKOHAMA, July 19.— M. Pavleff, the
Russian Minister at Seoul, capital of
Korea, has had an audience with the Em
pcror of Korea at which he opposed the
opening of Wiju. the port on the Yalu
River, the opening of which was asked
fry Great Britain and Japan.
Eastern situation is the increasing danger
of war between Russia and Japan. They
believe it is becoming plain that Russia
Is willing to fight Japan if convinced that
no other powers will assist her. The Rus
sians are confident of their ability to
easily defeat Japan and are said to be
anxious to settle definitely her position
in western politics and end her ambitions
to oppose Russia's progress in Manchuria.
Continued on Page 3, Column . 2.
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JULY 20, 1903.
VOLUME XCIV—^O. 50,Village Marshal Prevents Lynching
•^ of a Colored "Woman's
Assailant.
ST. LOUIS, July 19.— The jail a^Brook
lyn. a suburb of East St. Louis, across
the river from here, was broken open
to-night by a mob of negroes whose de
sire it was to lynch one of their own
color for an attack upon a negress earlier
In th© day. William Carter, the negro
prisoner, was hurried from the Jail by
Village Marshal Speed, who took him in
a roundabout way to St. Louis for safe
keeping after the mob had broken open
the doors with a railroad tie. There waa
no other prisoner in the jail at the time.
NEGRO HOB BREAKS
INTO ILLINOIS JAIL
LONDON. July 20.— A dispatch to the
Morning Leader from Copenhagen says
that the Norwegian police are anxious re
garding an anarchist plot against Em
peror "William, who is cruising in northern
waters. The dispatch says King Oscar re
ceived warning from Chicago that the
anarchists— a man and woman— tho for
mer a Swede and the latter a Norwegian,
had left America on board a trans-
Atlantic steamer bound for Norway. They
were traced to Tromsoe, thence to Mal
moe, in the southwestern part of Sweden,
and thence to Copenhagen, where a search
is now being made for them. It Is con
sidered alarming that they timed their
movements in these localities to corre
spond, to the dates when it was known
Emperor "William and King Oscar would
meet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Receive Warning That Man
and Woman Left Chicago
to Kill Him.
Norwegian Police Pear
That His Life Is in
Danger.
ANARCHIST PLOT
AGAINST KAISER
California Souvenirs. : ' Great variety at
Sanborn & Vail's, 7U * Market street. • ' • '-/
A special to the Le Gaulois from Rome
says • that it is asserted that the Italian
Government " has decided to " render royal
honors. In accordance with the law, which
guarantees as soon as death is known the
firing of cannon 1 at Fort St. Angelo arid
the half-masting of all official flags.
PARIS. July 20^-A v dispatch to; the
Figaro from. Rome says that a well-in
formed prelate has told the correspondent
that he believes that Pope Leo's papers
will contain a bull relating to the coming
conclave and advising the Cardinals not
to shut themselves up witliln the Vatican
grounds owing : to ¦ the age and weakness
of several of their : number and the un
healthiness of the place in hot weather.
The voting for the new Pope In any case
will take place In . the - Sis tine chapel, the
Cardinals being sworn to secrecy as to
their deliberations.
PAPAL BULL MAY BE FOUND.
Belief That Pontiff Has Written Last
Advice . to', Cardinals, 1
• The department of foreign worship in
the Ministry of the Interior confirms the
The procurator of the Holy Synod Is
aging, but Is alert both mentally and
physically. He still maintains a complete
grasp of the affairs of. the orthodox Greek
church, with its multitudinous relations
to politics and life in Russia.
" ST. PETERSBURG. July 19.-M. Pobye
donsteff, procurator of the Holy Synod,
said to T day:
Pope Leo XIII has many admirers In Russia.
He is the most eminent person in the political
world to-day, not only on account of. his posi
tion, but equally because of his character The
Emperor greatly desired to meet Loo last
spring, but his visit to Rome was deferred
Leo numbered among his life-long admirers tho
Grand Duke 8erge Alexandrovttch the Era
peror'i uncle. . who first called upon the Popo
when a small boy with his tutor. He sent to
the Pope a token of his esteem on the occasion
of tho latter's jubilee. • The relations . between
the Rusaion Government and the Roman curia
have been better under Leo XIII than ever be
fore and are now entirely normal. I understand
for. you know, tho Ministry of the Interior
and the Foreign Office alone are concerned the
Ministry of the Interior having entire Juris
diction over foreign religious bodies in Russia,
while we all respect 'the Pope and the great
church whose head he is. we cannot take into
consideration a union with the Roman Catholic
church, of which Leo XIII. like many of his
predecessors, hoped and dreamed.
Empire's Relations With L«o XIII
Have Been Satisfactory.-
RUSSIANS ADMIRE POPE.
OREGON SANDERS DIES
v IN THE GARDEN CITY
SAN JOSE, July 13.— Oregon Sanders,
the well-known attorney, Republican poli
tician and campaign orator of Fresno,
died here to-day of bronchitis. He was
attended by his sister, Mrs. M. I. Turner,
and his niece. Mrs. Dr. Belleflls. The
body was shipped to Fresno this evening.
Sanders was a native of Ohio, aged *3
years. He was for four years District
Attorney of Talare County and for four
years a deputy In the office of Attorney
General W. H. H. Hart.
The Sacred College has decided that the
seclusion of the.Cardlnals'durlng the con
clave shall be carried out with the strict
est formalities. It. will even bu Impos
sible for the Cardinals to look out of the
windows and Vatican guards will watch
the coming and going of every one. Car
dinal'Oreglia has ordered -all the tele
phones In the VaUcan to be removed be
fore the ' conclaveToegins.
Accustom yourselves.' gentlemen, not to
consider me as an old priest, but as your he.id,
calm and absolute above all and without other
control than that of my conscience.
I . Intend to revive the proper traditions,
taking, as a model the former conclaves. Tha
funeral will be celebrated in 'accordance with
authentic bulls. I intend, under the guard of
the pontifical army, to revive the Tying in
etate of the body in th» Slstine chapel, which
function was suppressed on the last occasion.
Every mornin* orders will Ue given by me
alone and I shall punish the slightest assump
tion of authority outside the execution of my
orders. 1 .
PARIS. July 20.— The correspondent of
the Eelaire at Rome has had a long con
versation with Marquis. Sacchettl,* Grand
Marshal of the papal court, who repeated
to him the following declaration made by
Cardinal Oreglia, who will take over the
administration of pontifical affair's during
the * 'erregnum, to ' the officials of the
Vatican :
I shall, alas, be ths only livinjr authority, and
I oount on the devotion of the clsrjry and the
military, and I thall expect it to be absolutely
blind. For the soldiers ther« is a prison, and
I shall use it. Arrangements have been made
with the Italian police, and I know the gar
rison of Rome will do its. duty outside; let us
do ours inside.
,Will Follow Ancient Traditions Dur
ing the Interregnum.
OREGLIA DEMANDS OBEDIENCE.
Another and prominent participant in
the discussion will be Ben Campbell, as
sistant traffic director of the Harrlman
lines, who arrived here from Chicago last
evening. This Is Campbell's first visit to
San Francisco since he was made assist
ant to J. C. Stubbs. He expects to re
main here until the 23d. when he will go
to the Orient with his wife and son. The
trip to the other side will be for pleasure
and business both, for, as Campbell ex
plained last evening, the Ilarriman syn
dicate has important traffic interests in
China and Japan, which he will look into
during his stay there.
E. O. McCormick. passenger traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company,
returned last night from Chicago, whither
he went several weeks ago to attend a
meeting of the transcontinental passen
ger agents. The most important business
settled by the agents was the fixing of
special rates for various conventions to
be held on the coast this and the following
year, among them being that of the
Bankers' Association in October, the
Knights Templar In September of next
year, j the National Live Stock Associa
tion in Portland in January. 1904, and sev
eral other organizations, the majority of
which have been allowed a $30 rate, simi
lar jto that given the Grand Army.
Mr. McCormick says the indications are
that the attendance at the G. A. R. En
campment in this city will exceed all
expectations. He also confirmed the story
published in 'The Call several days ago to
the effect that no successor will be ap
pointed to fill the place vacated by As
sistant Traffic Manager S. F. B. Morse
In Houston, but that General Passenger
Agent Anderson will hereafter have
charge of the business on the Atlantic
system and report to McCormick.
CAMPBELL ARRIVES.
G. A. Paikyns, assistant general freight
and passenscr agent of the Southern Pa
cific at Los Angeles, and W. E. Comao.
general freight agent of the Southern
Pacific lines in Oregon. The local freight
department of the Southern' Pacific will
be represented by William Sproule.
freight traffic manager and George Luce,
general freight agent.
Among those who have been summoned
to the conference and arrived here on yes
terday's trains are - T. M. Schumacher,
traffic manager of the Oregon Short Line,
R. D. Miller, general freight agent of the
Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company,
Following closely on the news of Worth
ington's promotion there comes that to
the effect that his successor on the coast
division has already been decided upon In
the person of D. Burkhalter, the present
superintendent of tho San Joaquln di
vision, who has been in the employ of the
company for many years and is familiar
with the operation of trains on the ; di
vision now presided over by Worthlngton.
The representatives of the freight de
partments of the Southern Pacific, Union
Pacific, Oregon Short Line and the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation companies will
hold a conference In the railroad building
to-day for the purpose of discussing and
settling questions of apportioning freight
rates on traffic in which they are jointly
interested. .' ,¦¦''.-'.'" v,-
BERT WORTHINGTON, superin
tendent of the coast division of
the Southern Pacific^ Company, is
, to. be appointed to a newly cre
ated position irt the company. to
be known as that of assistant to the gen
eral manager, with headquarters in this
city. General Manager Kruttschnltt of
late has been burdened with more busi
ness than any one man can handle, and
he has been considering the selection of
an assistant for several weeks, with
Worthlgton's nama always In mind. Su
perintendent Worthington was for a num
ber of years the private secretary of Hen
ry E. Huntington, when the last named
was in local control of the road, and
also employed in a similar capacity for
the general manager of the company. He
has a thorough knowledge of the Inner
affairs of the company, and is regarded
as most competent to fill a position such
as assistant to General Manager Krutt
schnitt.
Since he was assigned to the duties of
division superintendent Worthington has |
displayed managerial ability in a man
ner that has attracted general atten
tion from the higher officials of the road,
esj»ecially In the matter of operating the
rolling stock of. his district. He is said;
to have reduced the expenses on the di
vision, where freight trains are fre
quently compelled to take a siding on an
average of every nine miles, more than
23 per cent, and has been able to handle
freight cheaper than on the Tucson di
vision, where trains only stop to take
water. The practical knowledge he has
gained on the coast division, together
with the statistical knowledge -he pos»
sesses of the general workings of the
Southern Pacific Company's various sys
tems, will make him a most valuable as
sistant to the general manager.
SUCCESSOR IS NAMED.
SUPERINTENDENT OF THE COAST DIVISION OF THE SOUTHERN PA
CIFIC WHO WILL BE PROMOTED TO THE NEW POSITION OF AS
SISTANT-TO THE GENERAL MANAGER.
. it -
ROME, July 19, 11:55 a. rh.— Drs. Lap
poni and Mazzoni are impressed by the
depression shown by. the Pope, and espe
cially by the frequency of his pulsation,
which has reached 95 for the first time, as
heretofore the limit has been 92, which
v/as reached on Monday evening and
Tuesday morning. The doctors could make
only a superficial examination, not wish-
Ing to disturb the patient too much, con
sidering that quiet was the best thing for
him. The Pontiff speaks very little, seem
ing to lack will and energy to do so. The
. Shortly after this Monsignor Marzoilni
celebrated mass, as usual, In the chapel
adjoining the Pope's apartment,' but the
Pontiff could follow, it only with the
greatest effort, hardly succeeding in fin
ishing the service. When the communion
was administered in the presence of the
members of the papal household his Holi
ness seemed to be on the point of ascend,
ing to heaven, so ethereal waa his figure.
After/ he fell back on tho pillow pros
tiated he fell into a doze.
ROME,- July 19, 11:35 a. m.-During the
night and morning the restlessness of the
Pope continually grew greater and he be
c&me most agitated. His Holiness could
find no peace In any position, and called
frequently upon Dr. Lapponi and his
valet. Centra, who did all in their power
to calm him, but without avail, the Pon
tiff saying he fc!t a nervousness which
prevented him keeping still.
. Notwithstanding the efforts made, very
little nourishment was -taken and the
strength of the Pope is hourly ebbing and
has reached such a low point that he csto
not move alone in bed, requiring help,
and never finding a position that Is satis
factory. At 6 o'clock this mornings Pope
Leo fsaid:
"I never felt so ill as I do now. Hurry
Marzolini here. I wish to hear mass and
receive communion, which may prove to
be the last." ' . .: , '
Restlessness of the Patient Is Fol
lowed by Delirium.
The medical aspect of the Pope's case
is exciting much discussion. One relia-
Lle authority, having opportunity of
knowing the private history and the
treatment, declares that a third opera
tion for the removal of the liquid secre
tion In the pleura has actually been per
formed,, but has not been made public, in
order to avoid increasing the public ap
prehension.
It is also said In the same reliable
quarter that Dr. Lapponi and Dr. Maz
zoni have made a written statement be
fore a notary giving the exact details of
the Pope's case and that copies of these
statements have been deposited with Car
dinal Rampolla and Monsignor Cagiano
<le Azevedo, the major domo of his Holi
ness. The purpose of this statement Is
to answer possible subsequent medical
criticisms on the treatment of the case.
It is understood that the doctors have
not been as frank in their bulletins as
they personally desired to bs, details of
some features of the case being withheld
at the earnest request of the Vatican
authorities. Their formal statement Is
expected to clear up the entire
history of the case.
«. . ;
STORY TOLD BY BULLETINS.
At this hour but few persons remain at
the Vatican, ur. Mazzoni and Dr. Ros
sor.l and the Cardinals have gone to their
homes to await the last urgent summons.
"The Pope at the present moment is in
a state of coma, which may be called a
condition preceding the last agony, the
duration of which it is imposible to fore
cast, although everything leads to the be
lief that this condition cannot last. To
be more exact, he is still in a state of tor
por and stupor, from which, however, he
rouses occasionally, when he hears sharp
sounds— as, for instance, the insistent
voice of one of his familiars calling loudly
to him. Left alone, he relapses immedi
ately into a condition of torpor. At in
tervals he murmurs In his sleep, continu
ing to have forebodings that he is being
abandoned by his valet. Centra, and my
self. These are the symptoms of incipi
ent cerebral anaemia and general exhaus
tion. He can no longer turn in his bed
without assistance and is being kept alive
by artificial stimulants. During the last
twenty-three hours he has had two injec
tions of camphorated oil. three of caffeine
and two hypodermic injections of salt
water, besides drinking stimulants."
¦ Monsipnor -.. Bislotti, master of the
Pope's chamber, said earlier in the even-
Ing that the pulse of his Holiness had not
yet shown &nv sign of becoming Inter
mittent, eo despite his extreme weakness
and coma he believed the Pope would sur
vive the night and possibly to-morrow.
Both the Italian Government and the
authorities of the Vatican have made
final preparations for the Pope's death.
The Government is rigidly censoring all
telegrams and telephonic communications
between Italy and the rest of the Conti
nent.
Dr. Lapponi Says Pope Cannot Long
Survive Present Condition.
ROME, July 19-midnight.— The Pope
lies to-night in a etate of coma and there
are grave doubts in the minds of his doc
tors whether he will ever completely
emerge. His Immediate dissolution seems
to be diverted only by the activity of his
heart. His pulse, though weak, continues
steady. Shortly before midnight -Dr.
Lapponi said:
ONLY A QUESTION OF HOURS.
of all the other papers are at their posts
ready to issue special editions at any hour
of the nieht.
Continued Fr^n. Page 1, Column 7.
The Vatican authorities are deeply ap
preciative of this expression by the
American people and recall the cordial
personal exchanges between the Presi
dent and the, Pope when the volumes of
Presidential messages and papal encycli
als were exchanged. Cardinal Rampolla
sent an answer to the message, which
contains the thanks of the Vatican au
thorities for the solicitude expressed by
the President and also the latest informa
tion concerning the condition of the
Pope. . ,. "/•¦''.:
ROME, July 10.— President Roosevelt's
telegram, expressing the President's
sympathy for his Holiness in this hour
of supreme anxiety and asking to be in
formed of. the condition of the venerable
patient, has been received.
To-night the following reply was re
ceived to the message sent by acting Sec
rotary Loomis:
ROMfi. July 1».— Francis B. Loomis. Acting
Secretary of State. Washington, D. C. : I bes
of you to present in His Holiness' name to his
Excellency, the President, the warmest and
most sincere thanks for his sympathy toward
his Holiness in this hour of dreadful suspense,
and I am very sorry to advise you that un
fortunately the condition of tho august suf
ferer Ib becoming very critical.
T. M. CARDINAL GIBBONS.
"The President requests me to convey
through appropriate expressions his sin
cere sympathy with his Holiness in this
hour of supreme suspense and to request
that he be advised of the condition of the
venerable sufferer.
"FRANCIS B. LOOMIS.
"Acting Secretary of State."
WASHINGTON, July 19.-Acting Secre
tary of State Loomi3 yesterday sent the
following cablegram to Cardinal Ram
polla at Rome:
"To Hfs Eminence, Cardinal Rampolla,
Rome:
Head of This Nation Send:? an Ex-
pression of Sympathy.
ROME, July 20. 1:15 a. m.— Although the
condition of the Pope is unchanged and
coma continues, all about'the Vatican is
quiet except the apartments of the Pon
tiff, it being thought that a catastrophe
will not occur during the night. A con
tributing element to the weakness of the
Pope has been his Inability to take nour
ishment. When an attempt Is made to
administer restoratives, although they
are placed in his mouth, he does not
swallow them. The Vatican has asked
for prayers for the august head of the
church at this supreme moment.
ROME. July 20. 2:40 a. m.— A sucniclm
has arisen that the change In the Pope'i
condition is due to bioou poisoning us a
result of derangement of the Kidneys.
ROME, July 20. 4:20 a. m.— When the
Pope is called by his attendants he still
makes a great effort to arouse himself
from the torpor into which he has sunk,
but he Is soon again overcome.
/¦ »
MESSAGE FROM PRESIDENT.
ROME. July 19. 10:15 p. m.— The. Pope
has had an attack of delirium. The end
appears inevitable.
After the visit of the physicians Cardi
nal Rampolla called to get full details of
his report of the Pontiffs condition.
The rumor that the Pope was worse
was soon spread through the city, and
the usual rush to the Vatican began
Several Cardinals hurried to the Vatican,
among them Cardinal Oreglia, who re
mained for a half hour and then left in
his stead Cardinal Serafino Vannutelli,
who as great penitentiary, bears the duty
of reciting prayers for the dying at the
last moment in the sickroom. Cardinal
Vannutelli remained at the Vatican, in
the apartment of the majordomo, in or
der that he might be ready for any call.
ROME, July 19. 12:45 p. m.— The Pope's
condition continues about the same, but
his Holiness is, if possible, somewhat
more restless and he calls frequently even
when his attendants are In the room.
The doctors do not think that another
operation Is advisable yet. They fear nojv.
that the heart may get too weak, induc
ing intermittence in its pulsations, which
would be fatal.
physicians have ordered that silence be
maintained In the. sickroom and that as
little speaking be done as possible: The
liquid in the pleura is apparently station
ary, but there is really a slight augmen
tation of it. as absorption even in the
6majlest degree must go on the whole
time.
statement that the relations with the
Roman church under the Pope have been
more satisfactory than previously. Car
dinal Rampolla, who is mainly .instru
mental in establishing the Russian diplo
matic mission at the Vatican, enjoys spe
cial favor at the department, where it Is
believed that his election would mean a
continuance of the good relations.
One of the finest gatherings of • the
convention was the men's meeting in
Tent Ontario this afternoon, presided over
by B. F. Dieffendorf of tfanajoharie, N.
Y. There were 3500 men present, and
their voices swelling forth In "Onward,
Christian Soldiers," .the battle hymn of
the Epworth league, was one of ,the
Stirring effects of the convention.
We cannot affiliate with the Unitarians or
any other body that does not recognize Christ
as King. If we are right in our belief and as
sertion of his kingship, they are unwittingly
honest blasphemers. If they are right, we are
idolaters. We must everywhere declare and
maintain belief in his deity. . I would be will
ing to receive an honest doubter Into the
church, but if he dogmatically declares that
Christ is not God, I would be as willing to re
ceive a Mormon.
The gigantic Iniquity of the Anglo-Saxon race
is a fostering of the monstrous traffic in intoxi
cants. We believe tho complete dtsfranchts;
ment of the buslnew will abolish dangers that
threaten us and clear up problems that per
plex us.
• This whole evil organization 'is a foundation
of iniquity whose streams poison wherever they
flow. It has no redeeming feature. It is an
environment of perdition, hence we set our
faces against this enemy of God and '.will give
it no quarter In social life, in " politics— In fact,
nowhere until it Is relegated to Its own place.
The greatest throng that has crowded
in Tent Ontario during the convention
was present to-night.- The 6000 seats
were occupied" and at least 2000 people
were standing about the edges-ofthe tent.
Dr. J. M.- Buckley of New jYork'was the
iirst speaker, discussing "Christ, Our
King.'.' He said in part: ;
OPPOSE SALE OF LIQUOR.
As<in the past, we .stand for the broadest
Christian fraternity; .We hall with special sat
isfaction every opportunity for practical co-op
eration with our. people's societies in
Christian ministry and service. ¦ * •
We consider ourselves- called to the work of
personal evangelism, and we enjoin -an our
members to enter the field*, now wnite for har
vest. Vie stand for a present, art abundant
and a conscious salvation as essential to that
power of witnessing which wins meji. /We
thus send. out to the young hosts of our imn?a
Methodism this" appeal for prayer— a holy wait
ing at the morning watch, a pleading of the
promises of the opening' book for a revival
which may mean to the twentieth century what
the revival of Wesley was to the eighteenth
century and to the world. ¦ ... ,
' Epworth Leaguerir, let us to our knees that
we may wield the Fpirlts* blade.
To us as to the youngr people of no other age
comes the trumpet call : "Go ye into all the
world," and go we must, for, lifting up our
eyes, we behold in -many lands gospel oppor
tunities rapidly becoming gospel emergencies.
To remain ignorant or Indifferent to the cause
of miteions is to sirt against light and to ig
nore the will of God. We. a part of Christ's
great army, place at his Instant disposal our
means, ou; service and ourselves that the world
may be evangelized in our generation.
WELCOME CO-OPERATION.
The resolutions committee, which' "has
jurisdiction* over; the -meeting-place, m$t
yesterday .and. heard ,-. representations
from delegations f roni several cities, : in
cluding ; ajinneapolis. ¦ Saratoga Sptlngs
and Denver, and decided .'to4efer r the se
lection to ' k subcommittee.- The pressure
"pfc^rie Denver delegation, which has.dOne
strenuous -work tii capture the; next- con-,
ventlo.nv was sb Strong, however^, that to
day the'- committee recalled the '/matter'
from"., the 'subcommittee and decided .In
favor of Denver," .- ' .. - . '¦.' J '
The same programme was followed at
all ; of, the 'meetings to-night. Addresses
were made on three subjects, '¦Christ,
Our King." "His Conquering Kingdom."
and "My Place in the Army," followed
by a waiting hour for the descent of ; the
Holy Spirit. The official resolutions, of
the convention were also adopted each
meeting.- In part they follow: ¦*:/£*'¦ ;;-?"^
DETROIT, July 19.— With six meetings
to-day, all splendidly . attended, the sev
enth International convention of the Ep
worth League, which Dr.J. H. Berry' and
other officers of the league say has' been
the greatest^and most successful in the
league's history, carnejto a closed Denver
was decided upon.for thencxt convention.
Resolutions Are Adopted De
nouncing the Traffic in
Intoxicants.
Toward night the reports from the sick |
r6ofn continued to be of "a graver charac- i
ter. "Cardinal : Delia Vorpe, coming: from,
the Vatican, said he had held a brief con
versation with Dr. Lapponi. and. thai', the
latter'had mgide the following statement:;
"If nothing new happens the patient may
live until to-morrow' morning, perhaps uh-'
til evening, maybe twenty-four hours.. Be- 1
yo'nd this survival Is hopeless." ' '
Following the departure of the Cardinals
a number of carriages were stationed in 1
the courtyard of San Damaso.in readiness;
to bring the Cardinals to the Vatican'-when ;
the catastrophe seemed imminent.
Among the Cardinals who came to the
Vatican to-day was Cardinal Oreglia, of
the Sacred College, upon whom will fall
the chief duty of directing affairs when
the Pope's death occurs. . He went to the
apartments, which have already been pre
pared for his residence at the Vatican,
in anticipation of his speedy assumption
of the Important duties he will be called
upon to perform. Later, however, he left
the Vatican. ¦..*.. ,. .. v :, . '
Cardinal Scrafino VannutelH. the great
penitentiary, also arrived, in'readiness to
perform his office of "reciting prayers for
the dying Pontiff. He remained at the
Vatican continuously, throughout the aft
ernoonvand evening. ' ¦ , . „•
The Pope,' with a great effort, raised a
trembling: hand and in an almost inaud
ible voice, between long pauses, gave the
Cardinal the pontifical blessing.
The "effort, however, appeared to have
been too much for him and he, fell back
into a condition of unconsciousness. ¦
Pontiff Lies at threshold of Death.
yet an imminent catastrophe is hardly
expected, as the state of coma may be
prolonged many hours." > ;
Meantime the critical condition of the
Pontiff has caused Intense excitement
throughout the city. When the state of
coma first occurred the doctors formally
communlcated the gravity of the condi
tion of his Holiness to Cardinal Ram
polla, who in turn advised the Cardinals
of the Sacred College. At the same time
the general public became aware of the
alarming change in the Pope's condition,
and the entrance to the Vatican was soon
thronged by dignitaries of the church
and members of the diplomatic corps,
making anxious inquiries. Twice rumors
of the death of the Pontiff gained circu
lation. The Cardinals and diplomats, upon
their arrival were informed .of the grav
ity of the situation, but many of them
left upon learning that the rumors of the
Pope's death were untrue.
The condition of coma, was interrupted
shortly after sunset. Cardinal Vives ' y
Tuto and Monsignor Pifferi. the*: Pope's
confessor, were immediately' called >into
the sick rooml They began .to" repeat
Latin prayers. The familiar sound of"the
language which Loo' XIII loved eo well
penetrated to his couch and r the Pope
seemed roused from his stupor and showed
signs of consclouness. He lifted his head.
Cardinal Vives y Tuto took advantage of
this conditian to approach- the bed and
tell the Pope^that some Cardinals were
in the chamber. ¦ -'
"It Is my desire," said he, "to have your
benediction." ¦ ¦ . ' , i
"The Pope's condition to-night is worse
than this morning or last night, and.
while the end may come at any moment.
Their night bulletin announced for the
first time that their patient had been in
a state of coma, which, they said, had
been almost uninterrupted during the
day. How long this condition would
continue they did not venture to say. As
Dr. Lapponi came from the sick room at
11 o'clock this evening for a brief breath
of fresh air he summed up the steady
decline in the patient's condition by say
ing:
Almost immediately he sank Into a
Etate of complete exhaustion. At first
this took on the character of an unnat
ural sleep and he lay as one inanimate,
with his eyes closed. But occasionally he
started up and cried out as though in
fear. Gradually, however, his sleep be
came heavier and assumed a condition of
Femi-conseiousness, or torpor. After
noon there was hardly any revival from
this continued state of torpor and the
doctors remained continuously in attend
ance.
The distinguished patient appeared to
have lost all of that vitality which he had
hitherto so remarkably maintained. He
appealed p'teously to those about him.
siskin?; not to be left alone. Although
his mental vigor was nearly exhausted,
he again asked that mass be celebrated.
This was performed in the room adjoin
ing that in which the -Pontiff lay. He
foilowed the ceremony and took commun
ion with extreme difficulty.
He had spent a restless night, sleeping
for only chort intervals and even then
his eleep was agitated. Dr. Dapponl rf
cained in the sick room throughout the
right. At the morning conference the
physicians noted a distinct change for
the worse, particularly in the accelerated
pulse, which had risen to 95, after re
maining for many days between S8 and
90.
—^OME. July IS.— To-day each hour
tj has added to the gravity of the
/\£ reports from the sick room of the
Pontiff, until ail Rome has awaited
almost breathlessly. In momentary ex
pectation cf the announcement of his
death. Since the ntate of depression
which seized upon the Pope during the
latter part of the night, his condition has
ron© steadily downward and throughout
the day Intense- anxiety has prevailed.
For the first time, also, the weather
was strongly against him. A blistering
heat fell upon the city and the great
piazza of St. Peter took up the fierce sun
find threw it back against the Vatican,
until it was like a furnace. Evefy light
breeze that prevailed came in hot waves
from 'the South. This seriously added to
the discomfort of the patient.
Denver Is Decided Upon
for the Next Meet
ing Placa v
Patient Lapses Into State of Coma, Broken Now and
Then by Delirious Cries to Watchers.
EPWORTH LEAGUE
CONVENTION ENDS
BLISTERIMG HEAT IN ROME
HASTENS PONTIFFS DECLINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO OAlAJ, MONDAY, JULY 20, 1903.
Popular Division Superintendent Is to Be Made
General Manager Kruttschnitt's Assistant in
the Operating of the Southern Pacific Roads.
WORTHINGTON TO RECEIVE
PROMOTION TO NEW OFFICE
HONOLULU. July 19.— It !s reported that
one hundred thousand dollars' worth of Ha
waiian territorial bonds ha3 been fold la New
York at th« rat« of P7*».
2
DOAJTS KIDNEY PILLS.
TES OR NO?
San Franeicco People Are Respect-
fully Asked to Ansvrer Thene
Questions.
Is there anything in the evidence of
one's tenses?
Is there anything in the testimony of
cne's friend*?
Can reliance be placed upon statements
from people *e know?
Are the opinions of local citizens of any
greater moment than these of strangers?
Would you sooner believe people living
in some far-away place than citizens of
your own city?
We think not. for home proof can eas-
ily be Investigated.
Captain N. Na*«on. retired, of S52S Twen-
ty-second street eays: "I am not certain
whether a fall I met 'with some seven
years ago was the primary cause of my
backache or not, but I noticed from then
en I was subject to attacks. Knowing
that my kidneys were either sluggish or
overexcited, it struck me if Doan's Kid-
ney Pills were for those organs alone
they might help me to tide over a rather
severe attack of backache, and I took a
course of the treatment. It stopped the
aching. I will be pleased to recommend
Doan's Kidney Pills when opportunities
present themselves."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-Millburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y., sole
agents for the United States.
Remember the name— Doan's— and take
no substitute.
@Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON BISHOPS PILLS
have been in use over fifty
yc*rs by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases In old «nd young
arising from effects of self-
&buse, diESipation, excesses or
cigarette emoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Nlpht Looses. Insom-
nia, Paint in Back. Evil Desires, Larje Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry. Los* cf Semen, «£ Varlcocele or Con-
nlpation. Stop Ner Z^ \J vous Twitching of
Eyelid*. Effects are ceivr^Immediate. Impart
i-lpor and potency «- fc " * to every function.
Don't eet despondent, a cure is at hand. , Re-
store rrr.all. undeveloped organs. Btln/ulate
the brain and nerve center?; 50c a box; 6 for
t'i CO by nail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
A<Jdr**s BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st..
Ran Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 3S
and 40 Third st.
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat j
{BUSEUH OF AffflTQgY^
\ Ej The Largest AjutomicalMuicusi in the \
Q World. Weakne»c* or my cnmrictot A
i. ft£r CM Aattte pMltiv*l7c«r«»drnrtbe oldest T
Q /S. ifee I b P*"*' :it on lbe Coast tit. 36 ycirs. ©
6 fifSf g CR - JOHDAN-DISEASES C? KEN A
A f €/P^V CotiicltMion frte and »uir>! y private. \
B i XMat fl Treirmeni penoutlij- or by l-:ter. A A
\ m U t! M '•***"* C«»*>«>e»erjr as* undertaken. \
AfB llO w r:tefor Book. rttll.OSOfUV.f A
"U II BamBIAGC, MA!'~E9 FREE. (AY
A & tl valuable book (or idpo) \
T OS. JOBDAN &CO..1051 MarkPtSt..B. F. 9
§O R C ¦ B rtt ram
bcttleCURES
McBURNEY'S
KIDNEY** till™
For Bright 1 ! disease, brfrk Ant
-wetting, gravel, dropsy, diibete
end rheum atisni. Pend 25 cents in 2c stamps u
W. F. McBnrney, 418 S. Spring «t., Los Angeles
Cai, for £ days treatra't. J 'repaid ?1.50. Druggist
jggfjgp^Riipture
Nflg^Srx^jc^S^ Dr.Piercc'i EUeiricT**u
Tt^^^fSSSrTeSSaS^ I* * M»rr«L Nothing: like
fytj&^rt&T****^ tt. D«tHeU!ner«»n earth
(S^jflJ*. '^" and * trfrMne C-ure for Rupture.
ff s&\l\- *"*¦ *'°rtd renowDed. 27 improveia ts.
IL P\ I M rnptnrwl invecti?ate at once.
•¦¦^ * Call or write for "Booklet Ko. L"
SACNCTIC E.TOSS CO- 33 Wert 24th Street. New
Yoix. K. Y. or 206 Port Street, Saa Francisco, Cal.
K_^PAT E N Tsf^J
4& R tl Pi P5» Ee£a. Chain. Stoves, eta
P[ Pi El 12 K Q 'iVr.ts for rent and for sals.
I It tlfiS VfB Guna. RlSe*. FiEhlcg Tackle
B ¦ U Rff I If And Sporting Good*. Send
%J fT\ I V I fit ior CataJcgue. F fcrev» S,
fc^^JS^faS, Barber Co.. 739 Market «i
tad tiSX Kearcy n.
§ ALASKA I
I Refrigerators |
g Keep provisions longer g
8 and use less Ice than S
i5 any other make. &
§ h end for catalogue. o
I W> W. MONTAGUE & GO. §
g 309-317 Market St. |
Puny babies become strong
and robust babies when fed
on Mellin' s . Food. Metlin'a
Food gives strength.
You will be glad that you sent Tor « sample
of Mellio's Food when you see how eagerly
baby takes it. - ;,.v •.v-v.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
(^
AND DRIVING Qk
-Jeye protectorsH
_j 25 cents per pair 5 WJ
jndSft&A MENANDWOMElfc
4Q5Gfirctn£E?*SK§ Ci* Bin O for unnatural
M&J2Bf\m 1U1 d»T»^EU dlschargei.inflanimationa.
JkEw Oiuutwt W irri:*tioaa or utcsration*
JMfcj nut to •trlatcr«. of muooai membriiiei.
B Tmau* C^t^W. PainUts, and not aatrla*
JF?T?mEyMSCHE.WCALC3. ««Qt or poisonous.
Vg& CIHCISIUTI.O f3?2J Sold by Ornnliu,
tSkS^. C.8.A. jJ&fir or wot in plain wr»pp*r.
"vEMJPh rTnffl t>y **Wi. prepaid, for
•'• co -, #> f*»x»«ti«i«2.j5.'
¦• ¦» Circular sect oa r*ia«»t.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
f ITtESH ASTD SAZ.T MEATS.
jAs boyes & co. sar^fasSjg
_____ ,
LUBRICATINO OIL3. LEONARD _ f(_ul
<is rroat «t.. a. r. Phon. n£7*
~~~ xusstxsqT :
EC HUGHES. .„ _3Sgj_. _.^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVANA CIGARSLONDON, July 20.— The official pro
gramme of the visit of King Edward and
Queen Alexandra _to Ireland shows that it
is the intention of the royal couple to-dr
cumnavlgate the: island, set foot on all
four provinces and stop at the principal
towns of each. The festivities at Dublin
will continue until next : Saturday, - the
25th, when their Majesties will visit Lord
Londonderry at Mount Stewart On the
following Monday, they will visit Belfast
and go thence by train to Bangor, where
they will embark for Buncrana on Lough
Swilly. Tuesday .they will go by train
from . Buncrana to Londonderry and- in
the evening depart for. the bay of Kiliary;
on the West Coast. Wednesday they are
due | to arrive at Killary. Thursday they
will travel by . motor , car to the marble
quarries and thence by train to Gal way,
re-embarking there on the royal '¦ yacht
Victoria and Albert for. Beechhaven. Sat
urday they will arrive at Queenstown and
visit the Cork exhibition. They will then
return to Queenstown, where they will
make their departure for Cowes. v '>>*" :
King Edward and Queen Alexandra
Intend to Circumnavigate the -
Green Isle,.
R0C5TAL COUPLE WILL VISIT.
LARGE CITIES OF IRELAND
Fair Exhibit.
PRODUCTS TO BE SHOWN
FROM NORTHERN COUNTIES
Sacramento Valley Development Com
pany Interested in World's
WOODLAND, July 19.— At the quarterly
meeting of the Sacramento Valley Devel
opment Association here this afternoon
F. E. Wright of Colusa. who has been its
secretary ever since the association was
organized, tendered his resignation, to
take effect August 1. W. A. Beard, for
mer editor of the Oroville Mercury, was
elected his successor.
The association will establish headquar
ters at Sacramento about august 1, the
object being to concentrate effort and
broaden the field of its usefulness. J. A.
Filcher of the World's Fair Commission
and Mr. Hess of the California Promotion
Committee addresed the meeting, both
urging a strenuous effort in the matter of
an exhibit at St. Louis. The association
will make that its chief aim for the pres
ent and promises an exhibit of Sacra
mento Valley products that its people can
be proud of.-. Secretary Wright was au
thorized to proceed with the work of col
lecting products in northern counties for
an exhibit which will be shipped to Sac
ramento and then prepared for transpor
tation East. -^
POSTMASTER'S ASSISTANT
DISMISSED FROM OFFICE
Oregon Official Loses Place, but Peti
tion for Reinstatement Is
Presented.
BAKER f!lTY, Or., July 19.— George H.
Tracey has been dismissed by the Postof
flee Department. At tJic request of Post
master Moomaw the dismissal is held Up
until August 1. A strong petition signed
by ban'iWR.ami clhor.s asRs that Tricey
be retained. ,
This is the. outcome of the loss of two
registered i letters during March, . which
were ascertained never to have left the
office. • Tracey was ! postmaster twenty
years " ago and ¦ has been > assistant since.
He is charged with gross carelessness.
Governor Recovers His Horse.
SACRAMENTO, July 19. iA horse said
to have been stolen from the Governor, of
Nevada several months ago' has Just
been; recovered from J. H. Donnelly, a
Folsom :man, who made a trade for it
with a stranger. 'The thief also stole a
Kaddle, which has been recovered in" this
c'ty.Sl>onnelly: received $30 when he sur
rendered the horse and has since found
our; where tn« horse Jie traded, for it av
A Snap
With a camera creates a life-long remem
brance. The' Photo 1 Supply Department
of Sanborn - & Vall's, 741 Market street;
has everything in the photographic line." ?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HEADQUARTERS SAN FRAN
CISCO CALL, CAMPKENNEDY,-
SANTA CLARA, July 19.— The
military mass held in camp this
morning was extremely impressive. Hun
dreds of residents of Santa Clara and
vicinity attended the solemn services. The
Rev. Father Philip O'Ryan, spiritual di
rector of the regiment, was celebrant.
The cadets were formed in a hollow square
facing the temporary altar. The staff of
ficers and band occupied places in the
center and the parishioners stood on
either side and took part in the services.
The altar was erected beneath the
Stars and Stripes. The candle, cruets,
massbook and other articles necessary in
the mass were brought from the parish
church. The altar was decorated by Miss
Eva Fitzpatrick, Miss Mary Hall, Miss
Lena Scanlon, Miss Mazy Tevlln, Miss
Nellie Scanlon and Miss Lily Fitzpatrick.
Harry Solen and James O'Dea of the
Hospital Corps acted as acolytes. ' and
Sam Piercy beat the drum at the eleva
tion.
During the service the guards paced up
and down and the young soldiers stood at
parade rest. At the Sanctus the drum was
sounded in place of the bell which is al
ways heard in church. At the elevation
Colonel Power gave the order, "Present
sabers." and 400 blades flashed in the
sunlight. The sight was an impressive
ono and was enjoyed by thousands of
spectators. The band rendered sacred
music throughout- the services. . Father
O'Ryan took occasion to admonish the
cadets about their behavior while in camp
and in the city. His sermon was as fol
lows:
WORDS OF COUNSEL.
My text is taken from the holy gospel of St.
John. vll:l 5-21. At that time Jesus said to
his disciples, "Beware of the false invader."
In this gospel, my dear friends, our Lord gives
us the rule and the practical test of a genuine
Christian. He tells us by their fruits we shall
know them; not by their professions; not merely
by the Hveries that they wear; not bx what
they say or .what they believe, but by what
they do. The religion ot Jesus Christ Is a re
ligion which should govern every act of oura
every day of our lives, and therefore Its true
test is what we do in action.
Now. my dear young friends, all of you are
followers of our blessed Lord. All of you are
bound to htm by a solemn obligation andxthat
Is the obligation of temperance. Down here
tn this valley, where you are unknown, people
will Judge all of you Just as our Savior said
man would ._ Judge of his followers by their
fruits. It Is to be you. It Is not by the name
you have or' by the uniform you wear, but by
the way you conduct yourself, and if you can't
stand that test, then you are "false prophets
and ravenous wojves."
Therefore, boys, your first and foremost duty
is to do nothing that will give scandal or cause
reproach upon you or upon us. You arc bound
by a pledge of temperance, every one of you.
Let no one dare violate that ptedge during the
week, because when you leave here your re
ligion and the "principles which you stand tor
will be' Judged, by the things you do during
the week. I, therefore, hope that not one of
you will do anything to cause disgrace or bring
discredit or pain to your organization.
After the services the regiment dis
persed and the routine of the day was
resumed. Major Morrisey Inspected each
tent and criticized some of the occupants
for not keeping their temporary homes In
better condition. He complimented oth
ers for the military manner In which they
had arranged their apparel.
Guard mount was watched by a large
crowd. The young soldiers went througrn
the ceremony without a break. , Lieuten
ant* Gallagher is officer of the guard and
Captain Qulnn officer of the day. Hun
dreds of visitors thronged the camp in
the!- afternoon and many stayed to see
TOSEMXTE, July 1». — Xat C. Goodwin, th
actor accompanied by friends, arrived In th.
Yosemite to-day over the Santa Fe line and i
special sta»re from Merced. The party had .
pleasant trip and will spend some time view
ing the different scenic points of the valley.
The collection consists entirely of works
on civil engineering, some of which are
mora than\300 years old, and It is recog
nized to be one cf the b»st libraries |n
this line in the world. Among the 1700
volumes are all the writings of Conrad
and his father, thirty-five portfolios deal-
Ing with the construction of the famous
dikes and water barriers of Holland, in
numerable maps, drawings, charts and
photographs Invaluable to students of
this branch of engineering, and great
numbers of extensive treatises on em
bankments, dikes, the canals of Holland,
the Dutch Indies and foreign countries,
bridges,' sluices and railways.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 19 —
Stanford University has Just purchased
the collection of rare and valuable book3
that composed the library of the late J.
W. F. Conrad, chief director of water
works In the Netherlands, and of Ms
father, who was a noted Dutch civil en
gineer of the early nineteenth century. It
has arrived and is being placcj in tne,
Thomas Welton Stanford Library.
UNIVERSITY OBTAINS
MANY PRECIOUS BOOKS
Library of Works on the History of
Civil Engineering Arrives
From Holland.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
LONDON STOCK EXCHANGE
SHOWS HEALTHIER FEELING
Humors of Trouble in the Far East
Produce Little' Effect on
Securities.
LONDON, July 19.— The week on the
Stock Exchange closed with a healthier
feeling in the American market, and the
easier monetary condition had a steady
ing effect all around. The weakness of
Americans had an unfavorable influence
on all speculative stocks and the feeling
is still exceedingly nervous, principally
owing to the unprecedented and inexplica
ble nature of the slump. A hopeful aspect
of the situation, however, Is the fact that
the low prices of Americans/particularly
of the better class of these securities, at
tracted numerous Investors. The other
markets were almost inactive. The ru
mors of trouble in the Far East have had
so far little effect on Russian or Japanese
securtles.
ANTI-SALOON LEAGUE
WILL HOLD CONVENTION
Delegates From Nine Southern Coun
ties to Gather at Los
Angeles. J. : ; ;
LOS ANGELES. July i9.— The annual
convention cl the Anti-Saloon League for
the nine counties of San Luis Obispo,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Kern, Los An
geles, Orange, San Bernardino, Riverside
and San Diego will meet in the Young
Men's Christian Association's auditorium
in this city on u'useday.
All pastors of churches are delegates.
Each church is entitled to five delegates,
each Young People's Society to three del
egates and each Anti-Saloon League' to
one delegate for each ten members. The
Rev. E. C. Dinwiddle of Washington, D.
C, national superintendent of the organi
zation, will be present
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. July 19.— The Kan
sas' City Star has begun successfully; the
operation of its paper mill built here
within the last nine months/The capacity
of the mill Is forty tori* of white paper
dally, all of vhich will be consumed by
the Star and Its .morning paper,; the
Times. The paper is made from pulp
shipped from Canada. There is only one
other newspaper in the world that manu
factures its own paper—the London Tele
graph. '
Manufactures Its Own Paper.
quietly disappeared. One report is that
not a single member was recognized, and
another statement is that Deputy Mead
recognized the leader>but will not make
known the man's identity. Price, the
deputy who was killed, was a nephew of
Jacob Price, manager of the Smo Bar
ranch.
BATTLE IS IMPENDING.
An alarming state of affairs is reported
from the vicinity of Thermopolis. About
six weeks ago, as a result of a range
feud that has been bitterly waged, Ben
jamin Minnick. a eheep owner, was killed
by cattlemen. Sheriff Fenton pursued
and arrested the alleged murderers, who
are prominent cattlemen, and whose
names have been withheld. On account
of threats made against him Sheriff'Fen
ton Is unable to get his prisoners to the
Basin. It is claimed that the same mob
that lynched Gorman and Walters, or its
sympathizers, have declared that the
Sheriff will never get out of the locality
alive with his prisoners. Sheriff Fenton
has wired to the Governor of Wyoming
for permission to use the State militia at
Landers, and also has sent a telephone
message to Cody Basin, Meeteetse \ and
other Wyoming points, asking for volun
teers to assist him in upholding the law.
Everywhere hardy Westerners are re
sponding to the call, arming themselves
and hastening toward Thermopolis. It is
probable that the militia also will be or
dered to the scene and that a fierce bat
tle will be fought.
The country about Thermopolis Is a
wild and'Tawlcss one. A message received
at Cody to-day from Sheriff Fenton
stated that he still had the prisoners and
that he believed he could hold out until
reinforcements came,
stonemasons Go on Strike.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July .13 —
From to-morrow on no more work will
be done for some time to come on the new
buildings in process of erection at Stan
ford University. The stonemasons have
struck and to-morrow there will be only
a little woodworking and Inside fln'^hlnar
going on where for several month* past
tl.cie has been continual activity on Uic
stone walla and masonry. Recently
twelve machines for cutting and planing
stone were put in operation and Contrac
tor McGllvray hired non-union laLorers
to run them. The skilled masons, who are
receiving very high pay. claim that the
¦team plantac comes within their field.
OMAHA, Neb., July 19.— Advices have
been received here from New York and
are generally credited in railroad circles
to the effect that preparations are being
made by the financiers of the Northwest
ern Company to build from Casper, Wy
oming, to the Pacific Coast.
For some time there has been In the
neighborhood of Beckwlth Pass a party
of engineers supposed to be Gould men.
They have been at work secretly survey
ing and mapping out a line through the
mountains. Now it develops that- the
men are n>>t Gould 'but Vanderbilt men,
and It is nlven o"t they are making a
preliminary survey for a line from Cas
per to the coast.
President Hughitt of the Northwestern
and President Burt of the U,nlon Pacific
are now traveling: In the West, and it is
said the main object of the trip is to look
over the proposed line.
Special Dispatch to The Call
After hearing evidence and arguments
from both sides on a preliminary issue
the national board went into executive
session. President Lynch decided with
the union and Commissioner Driscoll with
the Review Publishing Company. Mr.
Driscoll then proposed that they proceed
to the selection of a third arbitrator, as
provided by the contract. Mr. Lynch re
fused, and proceedings ueing thus blocked
the board adjourned sine die.
SPOKANE. Wash.. July 19.— President
James M. Lynch of the International
Typographical Union and Commissioner
Frederick Diiscoll of the" American News
paper Publishers' Association, who have
been sitting in Spokane the past week as
a national board of arbitration, have
failed to accomplish the object of their
trip to this* city. President Lynch started
for the East to-day.
The failure resulted from President
Lynch refusing to assent to the selection
of a third arbitrator, as provided in the
arbitration contract between the Interna
tional Typographical Union and a large
number of American publishers. The na
tional board came here to consider an
appeal bv the Spokane union from the
award recently made by a local board of
arbitration regarding wages In the com
posing room of the Review Publishing
Company.
LYNCHERS SHOOT.
"Resolved, That we, the Desert Mine
Operators' Association, declare that in the
employment of labor we shall not dis
criminate against non-union men."
Officers of the association Include John
Smgleton. president. of the Yellow Aster
Mining and Milling Company, president;
J. Hammond, of the Searchlight district,
vice president, and F. S. Hicks, a well
-known local attorney and operator In the
Stringer district, secretary and treasurer.
The members of the- executive committee
have not yet been chosen. It is the inten
tion to select representatives from the
prominent mining districts embraced in
the organization, and this will probably
be done at an early date. v
LOS ANGELES. July 19.— Mine-owners
of Southern California, Southern Nevada
and Arizona have formed the Desert
Mine Operators' Association, the object
of which, as stated in the articles of in
corporation, is "to foster and develop the
mining industry in all its branches In
the district covered by the association."
Its platform reads:
"Whereas, We thoroughly believe in the
principle of equal rights to all and spe
cial privileges to none; therefore, be it
"When It was perceived that the camp
was imperiled the trumpeters sounded the
lire call and the men of the entire regi
ment were soon out with wet packs beat
ing down the bliizo. While working ener
getically to extinguish it, Huebncr came
iln contact with the lire and Ins lace vas
badly burned. One whole Mne of tents
was torn down in time to prevent dam
age.
The torch was applied to the grass somo
distance from camp and there seemed no
reason for fear that the fire might not
easily be confined to a small area. The
soldiers, however, had not calculated on
the dryness of the field, and the slight
breeze that quickly caused a rush of
fl.inie toward the tents.
HEALDSBURG^July 19.— The field serv
ice of the Fifth Infantry of the National
Guard began in more strenuous earnest
at Camp Wartield to-dgy than the State
soldiers had intended. A grass blaze
which was started for the purpose of a
fire drjll, destroyed three tents of Com
pany B, caused injury to Private HueV
ner and stirred up the entire camp. A
considerable .quantity of clothing am!
blankets was also burned.
Sr*clal Dispatch to The Call
Association Is Formed
by Companies in the
South.
Impressive Scene
on the Tented
Field.
SOLEMN SERVICE AT CAMP
OF LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
i CADETS.
Engineers Surveying in
the Neighborhood of.
Beck with Pass.
Fifth Infantry Men Have
Hard Time to Save
Tents.
Typographical Union
and Publishers Can
not Agree.
MINE OWNERS
AOR ORGANIZED
HALT IS CALLED
TO ARBITRATION
TROOPS FIGHT
A FIERCE FIRE
VMDERBILT MAY
BUILD TO COAST
Governor Torres of Sonora Says That
They Have Ceased to Be
Revolutionists.
CITT OF MEXICO, July 15.— General
Luis Torres. Governor of the State of So
iiora and who has been actively in charge
of the campaign against the Yaqul In
dians during the past several years, has
made an official report to the War De
partment on the progress that has been
made in (jueillnff the rebellion. He says:
Th» rebellious Indians have been reduced .In
riumlwrs to such a dcirrw that they are now
ehle to carry on hoMilitifs ecairist the authori
ties- only in' bands of frntn five to twenty-five.
They are In the tame situation its the Apaches
Tvere in th» latfr yoars in the campaign of
General Miloj. Of lete the Ya<--ui* have con
fined therr.selve* purely to the comn-.lsslon of
rnurdfrs. thrlr victims invariably being stage
drivers and harmless Mexican laborers, whom
thry could surprise without resorting to the
warlike stratify of tlie early rebellion. The
.Yarju:* are r.o iorger revolutionists. They are
simply bandits.
There are still SO00 soldiers stationed in
Sonora and they have the situation well
in hand. They will be kept there until
the region lnfpsted by the Yaquis is thor
cuKhly settled. The fact that the Yaqui
Valley is the very best in Mexico for
orange growing is inducing many people
to settle there, and will have a great deal
to do with the elimination of the troubles.
DENOUNCES THE YAQUI
INDIANS AS BANDITS
The first night In camp will long be re
membered by the sadets. More noise wa3
generated in the wee sma" hours of the
morning than was ever heard in a boiler
factory. No one slept nor did any one at
temptto do so. Those who tried to play
an engagement with nature's sweet re
storer were rua>\ awakened from, their
dreams by having a tent fall on them.
Unearthly noises filled the air, and despite
the energetic work of the guard the
racket continued. The guardhouse was
filled to overflowing at an early ? hour.
Company C tried to beat the line at mid
night, and the men were captured 'and
taken Into camp In a body. The only
member of the company who was not
arrested stayed at a downtown hotel to
get some sleep.
The hospital corps, under the direction
of Major Morrisey, is ready for business.
The hospital tents " have been pitched
some distance from camp beneath the
shade of oak trees. No accidents have
happened, and the ambitious nurses are
disappointed. They want to show their
skill. Steward James O'Dea, R. J. Gar
rett. Lee Drossel. H. Solen, A. Burns, D.
McCarthy. T. Vaughn and P. Angelo are
In camp. On the arrival of the regiment
the hospital corps did good service.
Mrs. Gill and - Mrs. • Burnden. residents
of Santa Clara, were Injured in a runaway
accident and the cadets went to their aid.
Doctor Morrisey attended the ladles, and
they were duly thankful.
The field music has 7 named Its street
"Haggerty boulevard" in honor of Lieu
tenant Colonel Peter Haggerty. Frank
Cresalia entertained a number of cadets
in the early hours of the morning with
a dissertation on good behavior. Cre
salia Is Inimitable as a mimic and he had
his auditors In a merry mood.
The members of the band are making
things lively in camp. When not play-
Ing music for the pleasure of the regi
ment the musicians form themselves into
a "Dutch" band and parade the camp,
filling the air with unearthly noises.
Lieutenant Williams has thirty men un
der him and expects to have ten more
before the week Is out. Sergeant^ Morris
and Quartermaster Sam Manafon ably
assist the leader in the excellent work.
Sergeant A. Smith of the Twenty-ninth
Coast Artillery. U. S. A., drill master of
Company B. will drill the regiment In ex
tended order. Sergeant McCormick, U. S.
A., will drill the cadets in the use of the
saber.
CADETS MAKE MEREY.
Archbishop Montgomery will visit the
camp next Thursday. He will be met at
the depot by the regiment and escorted
to the camp. This honor will also be
tendered the Rev. Father Cornelius Ken
nedy, after whom the camp is named,
vhen he comes here on Tuesday.
First call for reveille, 5:20: reveille. 5:30;
breakfast call. 6:13: sick call. 6:45; nrst call
for drill school of battalion, saber or skirmish.
7:10- assembly. 7:15; recall. 8:15; truard mount-
Inn — first call, 8:55: assembly. 9:00; inspec;ion
of tents 10:00; orderly call. 10:13; dinner call.
12:00; regimental parade — first call. 5:40: as
sembly. 5:45; retreat. 6:00; supper call. 6:15:
tattoo. 10:30: taps. 11:00.
In the evening the band gave a sacred
concert In the public park. The efforts
of the musicians were generously 'ap
plauded. The following routine will gov
ern the camp during the week:
It is expected that the special Grand
Jury will complete work this week so
that the attorneys, witnesses snd others
can go to Cynthlana, where the next trial
of Jett and White for murdering Marcum
begins on Monday. July 27.
dress parade. . This ceremony was amn
late in the afternoon. The command
turned out in khaki. The various evolu
tions were .watched with a great deal of
Interest by* the spectators.
During the past seven years, seven men
have held this position. Four of >hem
were killed while on duty and two of
the other three were forced to resign.
Many are apprehensive for the coming
week, although the troops are still here.
After the killing of Towa Marshal
Cockrill there was no one to make arrests
for more than a year, until the soldier3
arrived in May. Then City Judge Card
well, who had been a prisoner In his own
house for eighteen months, reopened
court. The two trustees have just ap
pointed Joseph Newland, who is con
sidered one of the bravest men in the
mountain districts, as town marshal.
Crawford and Tharp are still held on
the charge of firing Ewen's hotel Both
are teamsters for Hargls brothers and are
ably defended. As Ewen was held in
camp by the soldiers while his house was
burning he is not a witness in the arson
case, but he is the main witness in the
bribery case as well as the only eye wit
ness to the murder of Marcum. For that
reason it is feared- that trouble may be
gin when he returns here to-morrow from
Lexington to testify against a well known
citizen for offering him $3000 cash if he
would not testify against Jett and White.
In anticipation of the worst. Ewen, while
In Lexington made his will and arranged
all his affairs. About $4500 was raised for
him by popular subscription after he lost
everything he had In the incendiary fire.
Ewen has told the Commonwealth's at
torney. Byrd, and others the name of <hs
man who offered him the brtbo and as it
is said the accused has no means of his
own the bribery Investigation will ex
tend to the one who was to furnish the
funds.
JACKSON. Ky.. July 13.— A renewal of
the feud troubles is brewing fcere. The
special Grand Jury called by Circuit
Judge Redwine to investigate the charges
of attempting; to bribe B. I*. Even not
to testify against Curtisa Jett and Thomas
White in the Marcum murder case and
arson for burning of Ewen's Hotel, after
he had testified, convenes here to-mor
row. It is believed the Grand Jurors will
be asked to go into a sweeping inquiry
concerning conditions In Breathitt Coun
ty, where twenty-seven lives have been
lost since the Hargtt-CardweU feud
started. As yet no one has been punished
for any of these murders.
In the event of a general Inquisition
It is conceded that persons highly con
nected will be involved and that trials
for the killing of Dr. Cox and Town Mar
shal Cockrill will follow- close on the
second trial of Jett and White for the
murder of Marcum.
DE1CVER, July 19.— Between sixty and
seventy men from Missouri arrived here
to-flay under agreement to work in the
Globe smelter of the American Smelting
and Refining Company. Upon arrival a
number of the men refused to work in
the Emelter. claiming that the situation
here had been misrepresented to them.
Local strike leaders took charge of them
tind arranged to supply them with work-
They claim that all but about a dozen of
the Missourl3n!» refused to work at the
smelter, but General Manager Guiterman
Js quoted as saying that more than half
of those brought in went to work. He de
nies that there was any misrepresenta
tion, declaring that their dissatisfaction
\* as' brought about by Interference of the
strikers after their arrival. It Is said that
one of the men attempted to escape from
the train at Brush. Colo., and was wound
. <1 in the lee by a local officer. He was
J» ft at Brush. His name could not txs
limned from his companions.
Manager of Property Denies
That There Was Any
Misrepresentation.
Principal Witness in Marcum
, Case Is in Danger of
Assassination.
Residents of Breathitt
County Fear Another
Outbreak.
Strike Breakers From
Missouri Say They
Were Deceived.
REFUSE TO WORK
IN THE SMELTER
KENTUCKY FEUD
MAY BE RENEWED
THE %AN VB AS CISCO CATLL, MOKDAT, JULY 20, 1003.
CADETS OF THE LEAGUE OF THE CROSS ATTEND
SERVICE OF THE MASS AT SANTA CLARA CAMP
3
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.
BT
HEUBY P.^SMITH.
~ The Art Supplement with the
Sunday Call of July 26 will
make a most attractive picture
if framed with three or four
inch Flemish dark gTeen oak
and powdered gold ornamenta-
tions.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Tyfold Collar
The picture shows how the
collar is cut out on each side
to allow for adjusting a neck
tic without springing the col-
lar open. The/ collar comes
close together in front, it keeps
the tie in place and you don't
see the cut-out part. Besides
the tie is retained just over the
button, which is also kept out of sight.
Your surnmer comfort will be increased
if you wear one, and you'll thank us
" for the style. Dealers sell them.
Cluett Brand, 25c each
Arrow Brand, 1 5 c each
Cluett, Pcabody & Co.
>v retary \
1 '! t * orou *hly epprecl&te euch %
j « Oetk a* the one hei-e shown. It f
,1 la wond^rfuilj- com;.M» contain- K
< lnr *H the v»rlou« Cling compart- ?
I iner.u whirh a nan of butlneea g
ii could derlre. Th» nj^rhar.l-al coa- #
,j etructlon of the Khiftlr.* apparstua J
( if exceptionally strong and well 3
, balanced. '¦:¦
j; In appearance aJso tfali <!<>*k K
i rtats<!« apart trcn the rank and %
'& file. Aek to ee» No. 4M4. Iu coet, f
~ $81.00 ;
'• Lit exeeedinrfy reasonable. Thor- .'
; oaghlT guaranteed to girt th« i
aeplendld »errtee characteristic of !
"T and E" rood.. \
M Tawxaaa IE Hxhm VUg. Co. i
'¦> 635-639 Scission St. '\
• Phon* Main 1780. v
T r z>fl&f»& \ Mm
CURES AU. EYE DISEASES. \ "" £&&?
IRFIAMED EYES. ECAUS ON US&»2V-»— • - B^
GRANULATION ETC "'M^JJ 1 *
California tunhcht. drone wlndi and alkali
<Just cao«e eye trouble. Little trouble* trow.
Idurlne la a favorite toilet requisite, restores a
faded eye to natural brilliancy, doesn't smart,
•uothes er< pain.
Tne laboratories of the IJnrine Ey» Remedy
Co.. Chlcaro. are the largert in the world pro-
duclnc sin exclusive line or eye remedies.
Sold by Druggists and Opticians
Why do good grocers sell
Schilling's Best
tea bakinf-powdv spices
caffse flarori&f extract* ftodat,
-Because there's no trouble in
moncyback business.The hideous being, Fischer, who paid for his hor
rifying crime with his life the other day, grinned on
the gallows. He simply, gave ( more violent expres
sion than, the rest of us to the gratification we all felt
that his unhealthy career was at' an end.
It is now announced that Russia intends '.to ; hold
Manchuria against the world and for her own personal
profit and diversion, for at least six years. If press re
ports be true the rest of. the. greedy *and militant
world wouldn't 'stand that sort of an arrangement
'for six days.
After the most diligent inquiry and careful scrutiny
there has been found a deficiency of only one cent in
the city treasury. And there was no hefting in the
count, either. It is disagreeable if \ not unfortunate
that these incidents of public honesty and care arise
constantly to afflict some of our ex-officials. '
BRYAN, it is announced, is to go to Europe to
study the social conditions of the people of
the leading nations. Before going he has ac
cepted an invitation to address a Democratic picnic
at Chicago, and has done his best to turn it into a
barbecue by serving up Cleveland and his Wall
street' friends well roasted for the delight of the
crowd. ' -"> . .
•The speech was a plea for "Democratic ideals,"
but contained no, specific declaration of a platform, a
policy, or a programme of statecraft. Devotion to
ideals among the Bryanites means evidently nothing
more than a determination to get even with,, the
goldbugs for their defection in 1806 and in 1900. The
speech, in fact, met all appeals for harmony with a
warwhoop and a scalp yell. , In a wild, barbaric yawp
it gave notice to all whom it might concern that if
any of the Cleveland combine should be nominated
by the Democracy next year Mr. Bryan would take
the stump and call upon the heavens to fall.
A' striking illustration of the extent to which
Bryan has become affected by something like a
mania with respect to Cleveland is shown in his as
sertion that his defeat in 1896 was due not to any-
A gang of scoundrels attempted recently at Iron
Mountain, Mich., to destroy by dynamite the prop
erty and life of a Judge. This appears to be a dis
agreeable and peculiarly new method of trying to
prove that the American people honor themselves
by elevating to the bench men whose honesty and
ability make dangerous the operations of rascals.
BRYAN'S BAZOO.
A Boston engineer says Boston is sinking into the
sea, but as it is making only about an inch in eight
years, the movement is so slow even Philadelphia
may beat it. ~
SIRUS— K., City. Sirus, or thados «tar.
Is not a lunar star, because it Is outside
of tha earth's orbit, and. like the supe
rior plants, never can have the phases at
the moon.
GODDESS OP LIBERTY— M. T>. K..
Concord. Cal. A lady representing the
Goddess of Liberty may be either a
blonde or a brunette.
George T. Parkyns, assistant general
freight and passenger agent of the South
ern Pacific Company at Los Angeles, Is
in this city on business and registered at
the Palace. •
George Mitchell, who was formerly in
terested with "W. C. Greene in the Ca
noneer copper mines and who owns sev
eral large properties In the north, Is at
the Palace. *
T. M. Schumacher, acting traffic man
ager of the Oregon Short Line, arrived
from Salt Lake yesterday and 13 stopping
at the Palace. . • ¦ 1 *
Colonel W. S. Guffey, known throughout
the West as the oil king of Texas and
after whom the famous Beaumont gusher
was named, Is at the Palace.
Brigadier General Robert Meade, com
manding the United States Marine Corps
at Mare Island, is at the Occidental.
N.. V. Nelson, who ( operates several
stage lines out of Marysvllle, Is at the
Grand. .
C. H. Meeker, principal of the Pacific
Grove High School, Is a guest at the
Grand.
Dr. D. S. Bourn of Wisconsin is at the
Lick.
Oscar C. Schulze, a hardware merchant
of Dlxon, is at the California.
George W. Reynolds, manager of the
Hotel del Monte, is at the Palace. .
Henry Wollman, a prominent attorney
of New York City, Is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Meyerfeld have re
turned from a four, weeks' visit to Port
land.
SCOTCH NAME— M. D. K., Concord.
Cal. The Scotch name MacLeod Is pro
nounced Mak-lowd.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Pictures and Frames.
Everybody likes nicely framed pictures,
and everybody can have them nicely
framed if they will let us do the framing.
New moldings, new matboards and bind
ing papers Just received. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. ¦ '*<* -
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, COc a pound* in artistic flre
etched boxes.' A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bldg. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. V
In this connection a remark made by one of the
heaviest and best-posted Wall street operators a day
or two ago is very suggestive. He said: "It is re
markable how many very rich men are short of cash
•at the moment." This says a good deal to the in
itiated. It means that the very rich have become
property poor and are getting rid of their property;
which consists of the famous "undigested securities,"
as rapidly as the stock market will allow them to do
it. This condition is more openly exhibited at Chi
cago than in New York. The great Chicago packers
do not hesitate to say that they are getting tired of
holding up the provision market by main strength
and that if it wants to decline, why, let it. But they
<io not talk in this way in New York.' Secrecy is
ihe rule there, and the public can do the guessing."
The staples stand about the same. Iron. and.steei
continue easy and whenever a change occurs it is
jjfeually in the direction of lower prices. Provisions
are weak. Live stock is becoming more numerous
throughout the country and prices show a slow down
ward tendency. Wool is firm and moving off well.
Cotton is quiet, with the mills steadily curtailing
production, both here and abroad. The bank clear
ings, though over $2,000,000,000 for. the week, show a
decrease of 5.7 per cent from the corresponding week
last year. The failures for the week were 173, against
174 last. year. The money market shows no change
worthy of note, and credits and collections are un
impaired in all sections. Briefly, the country is do
iss a la r £e, safe and profitable business. '
The feeling among the banks and large financial
interests is much more optimistic than among the
general public, which is still in the pessimistic vein
noted for the past few months and rather disposed
to '"short" the future. The financial interests are
pointing out that the monetary situation has greatly
improved, having been relieved and strengthened by
the heavy liquidation of the past six months; that the
bankisg capital of the country has been greatly en
larged during the past year; that there has been a
iarge increase in circulation; that heavy foreign loans
have been repaid; that onr borrowings in Europe
are many millions less than in the past year o.r two,
and "that the crop prospects are such that practically
good times are assured for another year. True; the
tendency in prices for most lines of goods is down
ward, but that is really a good thing, for they have
been altogether too high for the public welfare; but
the situation on the whole is very cheerful, when
comprehended, and not- such as to cause any sharp
and protracted shrinkage in the country's stock mar
ket. Talcing these facts into consideration it would
seem that the cause of the decline has been liquida
tion and that banking institutions and large financiers
have become tired of holding a lot of idle stocks and
bonds and are getting rid of them piecemeal at every
passing opportunity.
BUSINESS is still characterized by midsummer
apathy and presents hardly any features worthy
of comment. The improvement in the weath
er in the Eastern States still holds and is helping
things materially, especially the consumption of sum
mer goods, which makes retail trade lively and thus
indirectly expands the jobbing movement. It also
stimulates the fall demand for general merchandise
by helping the crops, and swells the railroad passen
ger earnings, especially on those lines that do a
iarge summer resort business. In fact, it is reported
that the present midsummer railroad traffic is the
largest ever known. So much for the weather.
The other prominent factor in trade is the labor
question, which is not nearly as acute as it .was some
time ago, as many strikes have closed, others have
been' averted and there is a growing disposition on
that part of the community that labors for a living
to iet well enough alone and auend to business for
awhile. Still, there are a good many strikes about
the "country and a good many others hanging fire,
atid "these tend to restrict trade, as frequently pointed
out during the past few months.
The course of the New York stock market has con
tinued mysterious during the past week, prices tum
bling and recovering without apparent cause, the only
explanation generally accepted being that liquidation
is not yet entirely over. There are still great blocks
of stocks to be disposed of and as soon as the mar
ket rallies these 2re ladled out with no unsparing
hand and prices go down again. This liquidation
must come to an end some time, and it is to be hoped
that that time is not distant.
LARGE, SAFE AND PROFITABLE
The Epoca states the Spanish naval programme to be as
follows: Seven battleships of 13,000 tons; eight armored
cruisers, including five in hand, and three of a new type to
steam 22 knots; three cruisers of 25 knots speed; eight train
ing ships for general service and three training ships for
midshipmen. A number of submarine boats and other mis
cellaneous crafts are also included in the programme, the
cost of which will be between $130,000,000 and $140,000,000. A
general overhauling. and improvement of the several dock
yards is also contemplated.
• • •
It has been found In the. Russian Navy that the use of
electricity of high power seriously effects steel and particu
larly boilers, shortening the life of the \atter considerably.
In order to ascertain the effect of the electric lighting
eystem one of the seven torpedo-boat-destroyera to be sent
to the far East is to be fitted with oil lamps and this boat
will be made the base- of comparison "with the other six
boats as to the assumed deteriorating effects of the electric
lighting system.
Two Russian cruisers were launched June 2 — the Almaz
at St. Petersburg and Kagul at Nlcolalep on the Black
Sea. The Almaz was laid down September 23, 1301. and is
72 per cent completed. She is of 2385 tons displacement.
17,500 horsepower, but her speed is estimated at only 19
knot*, which is evidently an error, as the Boyavin of 3200
tons and 1S.0CO horsepower is credited with a speed of 25
knots. The Kagul. begun September 5, 1901, Is of the
Bogatyr type of 6675 tons displacement. 19.500 horsepower
and 23 knots speed. Both vessels are constructed entirely
of Russian material.
The Austrian armored Cruiser E, building to replace the
Ravetzky, is of 7400 tons displacement and 21 knots speed.
The notable circumstance about this ship is the fact of her
excessive cost, which is estimated at $4,774,000. The Brook
lyn In United States Navy of 9213 tons and built In 1S36 was
completed at a cost of $4,056,000. exclusive of speed premium
and trial expenses which amounted to $367,243.
The first submarine boat for the Swedish Navy *s under
construction at Stockholm. It is named the Hal (Shark).
and is 65.60 feet in length. 11 feet beam and has a surface
draught of 6 feet. The motive power is by electricity and
the submerged speed is i calculated at seven knots.
Thornycroft has completed the last of five t01^^^^
ordered about a year ago for the British Navy. They have
all rxceeded the contract speed of 25 knots. *he hi«h«t
speed being 25.436 knots with 293 revolution. T ™l
horsepower. The boats are of 200 tons
feet in length. 17 feet 3 inches beam and 8 feet «4 inches
draught. Their trials were of three hours duration, carry
"In* interchange of" army and navy officers between Great
Britain and Japan has been agreed upon. A numDer or
British officers have already arrived in Japan, where tney
are to remain for two years. During the first year the
language is etudled and during the second year they are
assigned for duty with the army or navy. Japanese officers
are to go to England under similar conditions.
• • •
repairs will not fall short of one mllUion dollars for each
PERSONAL MENTION.
The battleships and other vessels of the United States
Navy built up to 1896 are beginning to become a heavy tax
on the naval appropriation for repairs, and some of the
ships will require repairs and reconstruction equal to one
third of their first cost in order to make them useful. The
armored cruiser New York,.' which went . Into commission
August 1, 1S93, has cost in repairs $518,000 up to July 1, 1902.
of which $241,500 was expended during 1900-1901, and the
vessel is now to receive repairs estimated to cost $500,000,
besides a new battery amounting to another half-a-mllllon.
Her first cost was $4,107,127 C>, exclusive of speed premium
and trial trip expenses. The Indiana, placed in commission
November 20, 1S95, at a cost of $5,937,447 57, has been known
in the navy for some years as "the lame duck." and will
require entire reconstruction if continued on the effective
list. Her repairs up to July 1, 1902, have amounted to
$4O8,S8O. The Iowa, in commission since June 16, 1S97, cost
$5,636,5S2 29 and her repairs up to July, 1902, foot up to
$220,189. The contemplated repairs and improvements to
this ship will require $1,000,000. The Massachusets, which
Is but slightly better than the Indiana. Is also In need of
reconstruction, and the Texas, upon which over $500,000 has
been expended in repairs since 1S95, is not likely to be worth
any considerable expense to continue her in active cruising
service.' The triple-screw cruisers Columbia and Minne
apolis are being overhauled preparatory for sea service,
after nearly five years of inactivity, and their total cost of
A wooden brig for use in the training of landsmen and
apprentices Is to be built at the Portsmouth Navy Yard, at
an estimated cost of $00,000. The Syren vigorously criticizes
the action of the Navy Department to allot work of this
kind to a navy yard which could be done at a private yard
tor $25,000. Senator Hale will not relleh the uncompliment
ary remarks made by the Syren " about his nnvy yard,
which asserts that work in the Kittery (Portsmouth) yard
costs from twice to six times that of similar kind in private
yards; that the work is never well done and that ships
repaired or refitted at the Kittery yard has to be done over
again at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, owing to the facts that
the yard has been run for many years without, regard to
business principles and most of the mechanics are
either farmers or lobster* catchers. •
THE two eteel sailing training ships, Cumberland and
Intrepid, are to be built at the Boston and Mare
Island Navy Yards respectively, at a cost not to
exceed $370,000 each, exclusive of equipment and armament.
They ore to be exactly alike, of 176 feet 5 ' Inches length
on water line, 45 feet 7%' inches extreme breadth and a
displacement of 1S00 tons on 16 feet 6^" Inch mean draught.
The building of these two ships will be watched with
'much Interest by the Navy Department and efforts will be
made in the two yards to make records. The Boston and
Mare Island Navy Yards are equally well equipped for such
work and the advantages which the former yard possesses
by proximity to material is more than offset by the climatic
conditions in California, which . will enable our workmen to
carry on work in comfort when their Eastern competitors
are 7 sweltering from heat or clad In arctic habiliments to
escape freezing to death. *
BATTLESHIP INDIANA. FACETIOUSLY KNOWN IN THE NAVY AS "THE M^ DUCK/' ONTE OF UNCLE
SAM'S WAR VESSELS THAT HAS UNDERGONE MUCH REPAIRING. AT A COST TO DATE OF NEARLY
HALF A MILLION DOLLARS. '
Kansas led* the way. Quite a number of young
men of the "highest circles" in Topeka left their
offices, to seek a holiday, not in the woods or the
mountains, <but the grain fields. Instead of playing
golf with athletic girls, they have gone to hustling
with the harvest crews and rivaling one another in
doing justice to the suppers prepared by neat-handed
Phyllis of the farm.
Ohio started a little behind Kansas, but has sur
passed her. * Id the country papers of the Buckeye
State harvest items are now written up in a style
that resembles a cross between a report of a society
function and an account of a university event. A
specimen item from the Steubenville Gazette rnns
this way: "The hay harvest on the McDonald farm,
near Richmond, began to-day, and Mr. McDonald
was in the city Monday preparing to cut seventy-five
acres of the prettiest meadow in the country side.
The grass has doubled its growth in the last thirty
days and is now a green sea of beauty as it rises and
falls to the ripple of the midsummer breeze. Mr.
McDonald has secured a fine lot of harvesters fresh
from collegiate halls, who he expects to put up the
hay in the most scientific methods according to the
Greek and Latin lexicons touched off by Blackstone,
along with the latest Harvard and W. and J. stroke.
These harvesters are James McDonald of Harvard
University, Clifford McDonald and Finis Montgom
ery of W. and J., and Percy Laird, a legal light from
Pittsburg. Frank -Sinclair has -been, made general
manager of the harvest and has donned a n picturesque
regalia that is short-sleeved for the occasion. It will
be a grand week on the farm and when the hay is
down assistance will be lent in raking by Misses
Florence Donaldson and Marie and- Wilma. Sinclair,
who will be the house guests of Mrs. McDonald the
last of the week in time to play Maud Muller."
From the Eastern cities men of all trades are
hastening to the sport. A single company that set
out from New York recently contained painters,
printers, tailors, plumbers, telegraphers, sailors and
one man in search of a cure for malaria. College
men, however, are most numerous. As a rule they
engage special cars and go where the wheat fields
call them in as much style as if they were going to a
football match. The "co-ed" is not missing from the
rush. To a labor agent in New York there went a
young woman described as "a college girl of athletic
propensities and pleasant appearance" who made in
quiries about the work, the sport or the function
of harvesting, and explained: "Where so many
young men are wanted I thought there might be
places for at least a few women."
The reasons given by college men for seeking the
fields are various. Doubtless some go for the sake
of earning money, many for the frolic and not a
few for a chance to see what harvest life is like.
One collegian wrote: "I want to do this work to
get in trim for football. I just finished six months'
training for rowing, and so you see I am in fine
form, but if I lay off I will get too stout. I came
down from the country when I heard about the col
lege boys going West and thought I would try doing
what the rest of the boys do."
So they run along, one after another, hastening to
the fields. The tinker and the tailor, the soldier and
the satlor, the college man and 'maiden who wish a
summer gay,, are all going to try. in the ripened
wheat and rye to make work a picnic at three dollars
a day. It is as|erted that a good many of the more
enterprising youths intend to go to the Dakotas after
leaving the wheat fields of the Valley States and
perhaps a few of them may venture as far as Califor
nia. It is a good venture as it goes and promises to
help the farmers without hurting the universities.
BY "reason of the demand in the States of the
Mississippi Valley for harvesters there has
been started among the young folks' of that
section and of the Atlantic cities a genuine harvest
craze. Many men and not a few women, representa
tives of all classes of youth, are hurrying to the' fields,
and farm news and society gossip are getting mixed
up in the papers. It promises to be about as merry
a harvest as any that ever happened and may result
in making the reaper, the header and the harvester
more popular than the automobile.
A MERRY HARVEST.
Uncle Sam's soldiers in Arizona, probably weighted
with ennui, fell to fighting among themselves the
other dav and wasted considerable, energy and some
blood. This warlike activity should suggest to the
War Department the propriety of sending the bel
ligerent fellows to the Philippines without unneces
sary delay. .; ¦:
MONDAY.......... JULY 20, 1903
JOHN n. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ;.."_
Redress AM Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
~~~~~~~~~~~-~^~~ TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
"Sou With the Department You Wish.
RCBLICATIO* OFFICE... Market and Third,. S. F,
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 StevenBOiiJM;
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term* by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With Order) :
I>AIL.T CAL.1. (including Sunday), one year .S8.OO
DAILY CAU. (including: Sunday), 6 months 4.OO
DAIL.T CAX.tr— By Single Month.... 75c
SUKDAT CALJ* On* Tear.... • 2 - BO
WEEKLY CAUU. Ona Tew • *•<*>
f Dally... «8.8O Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE i Sunday.. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. J.OO Per Year Extr*
All Poitmaitert are? authorised to receive
•nbacrtptiona.
Satr.pl* ccples will be forwarded when requested.
Mail •ubseribers in ordering change o! address should be
particular to glv both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKUM) OFFICE.
HIS Broadway Telephone Main 1O83
BERKELEY OFFIC12.
2148 Center Street. ....... .Telephone 5orth 7T
C. CEOUGR KROGXBSS, Manager Forelflrn Adver
tising Maranette Hull dine, Cblcasro.
(Long Distance Telephone ••Central 261».")
BRA>CH OFFICES—^27 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o" clock. 633
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
8:S0 o'clock. 1M1 MiMlon. open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1090 Va-'
I-r.rta. ©pen until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 0
o'clock. NTVV corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore, open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER
Call subscribers «ontemplatlnsr a chance of
residence during the snmmer months can have
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
Thi« paper will also be on sale at all summer
resort* and is represented by a local agent in
all towns on the const.
The net result of the new theory is that we live
not in a universe of matter or substance* but in a
universe of energy, and as one speculator puts it:
"Before the discovery of radioactivity, the idea of
intratomic energy was wholly unknown to science.
Its development now demonstrates the existence in
the universe of an amount of energy which has never
even been dreamed of. The conversion of atomic
potential energy into kinetic energy upon the sur
face of the sun, for* example, would furnish him a
supply of radiating power far in excess of that which
the accepted theory of meteors could supply. As it
has been said, what controls these gigantic forces is
still a mystery. The knowledge of their existence,
however, must alter our attitude toward inanimate
matter and make us regard the planet on which, we
live rather, as ' a storehouse stuffed with explosives
inconceivably more powerful than . any we know of
and possibly only awaiting a suitable detonator to
cause the earth to revert to chaos." : * Y
Crookes is reported to have said at Berlin: "Matter
and electricity are one and the same thing." He has
since recalled a statement of Kingdon Clifford:
"There is great reason to believe that every material
atom carries upon it a small electrical current, if
it does not Wholly consist of that current." Hum
phrey Davy is said to have speculated about "radiant
matter". and.?ough'l..for it as far back as 1809, and
Balzac. set forth a similar idea in developing a theory
of the transmutation of metals when he said: "This
explanation will become a commonplace when men
of science will recognize the great part played by
electricity in human thinking power."
A summary of the discussion in London says: "M.
Curie, the discoverer of radium, in- some wonderful
experiments at the Royal Institution, showed that
radium spontaneously and continuously disengaged
heat, rapidly affected photographic plates, even
through opaque bodies, discharged an electroscope
when merely brought in its vicinity and gave off
emanations similar to itself in constant and even vio
lent streams or radiations; in other words, the 120,000
ions which compose each atom of radium rotated so
violently. that they flew apart into original units. It
has been calculated, however, that this efflux 'from
radium is so infinitesimal that a square inch of sur
face would lose only one grain in ten thousand mil
lion years
"It will be seen that the whole theory in effect is
an astronomical one. Chemistry has, in fact, become
the astronomy of the infinitesimal."
Stones of that kind must be taken with a large
allowance for the infirmities of human credulity. In
the long run it will be found that^ radium, like the
Roentgen rav, has excited a vain hope in the breasts
of the sanguine and hurried them into believing too
muchf . That the new energy will b* found useful in
medicine and in surgery, as well as in other depart
ments of human work, is, of course, quite probable,
but it is not at all likely it will be found to work all
the cures that have been reported.
Nevertheless, the effect of the new discovery upon
science,is in all probability destined to be the greatest
resulting from any single discovery in the history of
the world/ It has already virtually led to an aban
donment of the old atomic theory, and may lead to
an abandonment of the belief in the existence of mat
ter. Sir William Crookes, in his address at Berlin,
intimated a willingness to" abandon the "substance"
theory of the universe and to accept a doctrine that
the whole range of material phenomena can be ex
plained in terms of electrical energy.
The declaration made by Crookes at Berlin has
been followed by similar declarations from leading
scientists at a recent conference at London. In an
especial degree Professor Curie of Paris, who dis
covered radium, and Professor Lodge of London
declared that. a great revolution is to take place in
scientific thought and teaching. The statements of
such leaders as these have had the effect of awaken
ing a widespread interest in the question, and it has
been disclosed that what Crookes and his followers
now assert to have been demonstrated is but a con
firmation of ideas put forth long ago by their fore
runners in scientific investigation.
-jr* tHEN the Roentgen ray was a new thing to
\/\/ science sanguine experimenters believed
V V that -they could make use of the new en
ergy as a curative for almost all forms of human ill.
It vcill be remembered that following the demonstra
tions of the working force of the newly discovered
ray we had extraordinary reports of wonders worked
by its remedial powers. Experience, however, soon
proved that most of the high expectations would
have to be abandoned. The Roentgen ray can do
much and is doing much in the service of man, but
it has fillen far short of enabling physicians to heal
every disease that comes before them.
We are now having a new outburst of expectancy
over the power of radium. Since the wonderful en
ergies of the new substance were disclosed to the
world we have been getting reports of marvelous
cures effected by its aid. One doctor is reported to
have enabled the deaf to hear, and another the blind
to see, by the mere application of the radium energy.
The latest report is that a physician in London cured
a "rodent cancer" by the use of radium. The report
adds: "The cancer Was exposed to radium four ex
posures of an hour each given at intervals of a few
days. In three weeks the diseased part was healing
nicely and in six weeks, .with two more exposures,
the cancerous growth disappeared, leaving not a scar
to. remember, it by." '
INTRATOMIO ENERGY.
thing in the Chicago platform, nor to anything ob
jectionable in.his own canvass, but to the popular
disgust with the second Cleveland administration.
He * even said that the heaviest handicap upon the
party to-day is. the fact that "the last Democratic
administration, that. we had .was more, subservient to
corporate dictation than any Republican administra
tion that had preceded it,and the record of that ad
ministration has been a millstone about the party's
neck ever since." %
The folly of that kind of talk on the part of a
political leader passes the reach of criticism. There
are no words in our. language that do justice to it.
It is clear that Mr. Bryan in renouncing all hope to
further retain command of the Democratic ship ha3
resolved to scuttle her and then rouse the crew to
such a pitch of mutiny that they .would rather drown
than work the pumps under new leaders. As the
matter stands now, Democratic politicians might as
well make arrangements to follow Bryan to Europe,
for there will be nothing for them , to do in this
country for many, a year to come.
THE SA>7 FBAKCISCP CALL, MONDAY. JULY 20. •1903
MARE ISLAND AND BOSTON NAVY YARDS
TRYING FOR A SHIPBUILDING RECORD
4
IN. THE HOUSE OF
THE LOVING HEART
Here Is Something So Truly Out of the Ordinary That It Will
Make You Gasp. The Pictures Alone Are Stunners.
Just Watch for Them in the
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
The Superfine Printing of the Best Modern Photographs Obtain-
able Is Not the Only Thing That Makes the Sunday Call
So Tremendously Populan Just Bead
These Features:
"THE GIRL WHO LOVES"
By "Colonel" Kate.
"WHY YOUR PHOTOS ARE BAD"
by Charles M. Taylor Jr.
"Why China Is Now Sitting Up and Taking Notice"
By a Titled Oriental Potentate, Who Is Now Paying Nearly $3000
Every Day Just for His Hotel Bills Alone and Making
Things Hum Generally From New York
to San Francisco.
"Ode to the Summer Girl" "The Bear In the China Shop"
By Edwin Markham. By Edgar Saltus.
And the Best Novel of the Ho ut, Which Shows the Cause of Ec-
centric Extravagance in the Bich, the Impudence of
Titled Soreigners .and Why Americans Are
the Greatest Money-Makers
of Any Age.
FREE-THE SPENDERS-FREE
Then, if You Want a Good Laugh to. Every Square Inch of Every
Page, Turn to the Great
COLORED COMIC STJPPl^EMENT.
t NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
APPEASING OLD
Acts as. a Bar to Profitable Empioy-
/ ment.
You cannot afford to grow old.
' In theae days 'of strenuous competition
it is necessary to maintain as long as pos-
sible one's youthful appearance.
It is Impossible to do this without re-
taining a luxurious growth of hair.
The presence of dandruff, indicates the
presence of a burrowing germ which lives
and thrives on the roots of the hair until
It causes total baldness.
Newbro's Herpiclde is the only known
destroyer of this pest, and it is as effec-
tive as it is delightful to use. •
' Herpiclde makes an elegant halrdress-
ing as well as 'dandruff cure. .
Accept no substitute— there is none.
" Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps, for sample to The Herpiclde Co.,
Detroit, Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infanta and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
'Bears the /^afr V/JT?* ¦{>**
Signature of t&tSC/ffl£uc&A&Internal Revenue Collector John Lynch
looked at the body last night at the
Berkeley Morgue and Immediately said
that the man had no connection with his
office, nor had he ever seen him before.
Coroner Mehrmann has made no Inde
pendent examination of the case so far
and Is not prepared to express an opinion
as to the method of the man's death;
neither will he set the time for the in
quest until all possibility of further de
velopments in the case vanish.
The pockets of the man's clothing have
yielded nothing upon which a clew might
be fastened concerning his Identity. By
following up the laundry marks on the
shirt and collar this might be done, but
no laundryman has yet been found In this
city who recognizes the marks on his
garments. Even these will be of no use
if the man was a recent arrival from
Canada or the East. as his general ap
pearance y and speech led those who talked
to him to believe.
attempt at suicide, though these things
might have been stolen If he was mur
dered.
TRENTON. N. J.. July 19. — While James H.
Romalne and some friends were driving along
the street to-day one of the horses stepped on
a stick of dynamite. The dynamite exploded
and blew oft on« of the horse's hoofs. The
vehicle was pertly shattered by the explosion,
but the occupants were not hurt.
The steamer Nevadan, Captain Weeden,
arrived In port this morning after a pas
sage of eight days six hours from Hono
lulu.
Steamer Nevadan Arrives.
Hong King Jo, one of the partners of
Kim Lun & Company at 728 Dupont
street, made complaint to Deputy Dis
trict Attorney Thomas Kennedv at the
Hall of Justice last evening, that Horn
Ha Tong had signed the firm name as one
of the sureties on a $10,000 bond upon which
Quong Quack Wah, Indicted for murder
by the. Grand «<Jury, had been released.
He was' accompanied by Chin Jim, a lead
er of the Educational Society, and several
friends. He declared that the matter had
Just been brought to his attention and
that Horn Ha Tong was only a clerk In
the establishment and had no authority
to sign. Judge F. J. Murasky, presiding
Judge of the Superior Court, upon being
communicated with In regard to the mat
ter, stated that a partnership signature
would not be legal on a bond and was
positive that all of the signatures were
personal. It Is understood that Quong
Quack Wah. in order to avoid all fric
tion In the matter, will furnish new bonds
to-day.
Will Furnish New Bonds.
The Santa Fe has on sale a special cou
pon ticket, which includes rail and stage
fare, hotel bills en route and accommoda
tions in the valley at Camp Curry, for a
complete trip of live, seven or ten days,
as follows: Five-day trip, $37.50; seven
days. $41.50; ten days. $45.50. Make your
reservations early. Full information and
folders at €41 Market street, Santa Fe of
fice. • *
A Very Low Rate Established by the
Santa Fe.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
terday morning he discov
ered the dead body of Isaac Platt Smith,
engineer and steamfltter, lying at the foot
of the steps leading to the basement of
his place of business at 12 Stevenson
street. Logan Immediately notified the
Morgue and police headquarters. Deputy
Coroner Brown removed the body to the
Morgue, where it was found that Smith's
neck was broken. ISJ,
Smith's gold watch and chain, $2 10 In
coin, keys and papers were found in the
pockets of his clothing and Detectives
Cody and Taylor, who Investigated the
case, came to tho conclusion that death
was the result of an accident. It Is sup
posed that after locking the, front door
of his store Saturday night. Smith had,
In going down the steps to try the base
ment door, missed his footing and had
fallen headlong to the bottom. When
the body was discovered by the police
man the head was Jammed against the
WHILE Policeman Logan was
patrolling his beat on Steven
son street between First and
Second about 5 o'clock yes-
Isaac Platt Smith's Body
Found at Bottom of
a Stairway.
CINCINNATI, July 10. — Louis and William
Murr and two unidentified men were run down
and killed by a passenger train near Avondale
to-day.
door and the body doubled up. The body
must have lain at the bottom of the
steps for several hours and It was In such
a position that It could not be seen from
the sidewalk unless by a person Inquisi
tive enough to go out of his way to look
into the basement.
Smith was about 55 years of age. He
had lived for the last twelve /ears with
his friend, J. H. Wiley, 52 Webster street,
who was Informed of his death. Wiley
called at the Morgue and said that Smith
had left New York for this city labout
twenty years ago he had been married In
New York but had not lived with his
wife for some years prior to leaving that
city. A brother lives in Newburg, N. Y.,
and Wiley said he would advise him by
a telegram of the sad occurrence. He
said that Smith was a member of Char
ity Lodge of Freemasons in New York,
a member of Golden Gate Court, No. 603,
Independent Order of Foresters: Presidio
Lodge, I. O. O. F., and of the Grand Army
of the Republic, he and his two brothers
having served In the Civil War.
UNITED LEAGUE CLUBS
MEETINGS THIS WEEK
Organization Plans Several Gather
ings in Different Parts of City
to Enthuse Members.
United Republican Club meetings have
been announced as follows:
Monday — Thirty-second District Club at
Maennerbund Hall, . corner ot Twenty- fourth
street and Potrero avenue.
Thirty-ninth District Club, Richmond Hall,
corner of Clement street and Fourth avenue.
Tuesday — Thirty- seventh District Club, 444
Devisadejo street.
Thursday— Twenty-ninth District Club, 870
Folsom street, near Fifth.
Friday — Twenty-eighth District Club. 247
Second street, near Folsom. -Forty- first District
Club, Steimke Hall, 27C8 Octavla street. Thir
ty-sixth District Club, Harmony Hall, -1743
Mission street
VIENNA. July 19. — The Emp*ror has In
trusted Count Goluchowskl with the temporary
conduct of the office of Imperial Minister of.
Finance, which was filled by the late M. Kal
lays.
The San Francisco Fire Department
Are now being supplied with Murlne Eye
Remedy for use by the , firemen after a
hot, smoky, flre, as it so quickly relieves
Eye pain -and restores red. sore, inflamed
and faded Eyes to normal condition.
Murine aids those wearing glasses and is
a harmless and painless home Eye rem
edy. At Druggists and Opticians. •
¦¦¦-.
ENGINEER WHO WAS IN
STANTLY KILLED BY FALL
ING DOWN FLIGHT OF STEPS.
The pallbearers were: From George H.
Thomas Post, A. L. Casavan, G. B. God
frey i State. Senate, ¦ Senators J. H. Nel
son and F. J. French; United Order of
Eagles. F. Llndquist, J. J. Magulre; Vet
eran Firemen, H. L. Blenenfeld, Joseph
Grady.
Here a throng of the most prominent
citizens of San Francisco gathered, over
taxing the capacity of the hall, the line
of mourners overflowing through the cor
ridors and out to tho sidewalk. At no
funeral of recent years has there been
so general a display of genuine grief as
occurred at th& one. Nearly every wo
man present wsi* In tears and prominent
men in all walks of life were not ashamed
to weep in testimony of the regard In
which they held the dead politician.
The funeral service was conducted ac
cording to the beautiful ritual of the
Grand Army of the Republic and Com
rade John H. Roberts delivered the obit
uary address. The Post quartet sang
several selections. The interment took
place In the National Cemetery at the
Presidio.
The funeral of the late George H. "Wil
liams, State Senator from the Twenty
fourth District, occurred yesterday after
noon. Preliminary services were hold at
the family residence at 1019Vi Clay and then
the casket was jaken to the Georee H.
Thomas Post. G. A. R., headquarters at
Red Men's Hall, 30S Post street. Deceased
was a veteran of the Civil War and a
member of the Post.
Immense Concourse Gathers to Do
Honor to Late Legislator From
Twenty-Fourth District.
SENATOR WILLIAMS' BODY \
LAID TO ITS FINAL REST
On July 28 there will be a race for all
classes of the NewjYork Yacht Club fleet.
On the 29th will come the, second trial
race; on the 30th another regatta for the
fleet, and on Saturday,' August 1, the third
and last trial race. It Is conflcTently, ex
pected by the members of the club that
the Reliance will prove sufficiently able
to win all the trial races and be selected
to defend the cup.
The feature of the da\was the meeting
on board 'the Corsair of the America's
cup committee and the. regatta committee
of the New York -Yacht Club. At this
meeting It was decided to have the trial
races for the selection of the America's
cup defender against Shamrock III sailed
off Newport during the week of. July 27.
This modification of the original plan,
which extended the races over a period of
nearly two weeks, was due to the request
of the managers of the three big boats,
who wish to have plenty of time In case
of their selection, to prepare for the cup
races. '
The only accident reported on account of
the storm, was. that to the schooner Co
lumbia, which grounded for an hour or
two in the upper part of the harbor. She
was put off without damage.
NEW LONDON, Conn., July 19.— After a
tempestuous night, which the combined
fleets of the New York and Eastern Yacht
Clubs fortunately rode without serious
accident, yachtsmen spent the. day in
social calls among the fleet - and trips
ashore.
The first herd of carabao, which the
government Imported to restock the plan
tations has been attacked with hemor
rhagic sepemlca and the mortality Is
heavy. The disease is apparently incura
ble. The herd has been Isolated and the
spread of the disease checked! The gov
ernment hopes to successfully complete
Its plan of restocking the plantations.
The battalion of scouts which Is going
to the St. Louis Exposition Is now assem
bling at Manila. It Includes Ilocanos,
Macabebes. Tagalogs and Visayans. Ma
jor Carrington has been chosen to com
mand the battalion. The collection of
the Philippine exhibit for the St. Louis
Exposition Is making' excellent progress
and promises to be thoroughly represen
tative.
The court of Inquiry into the charges of
cruelty brought against Major A. I*
Howse, headed by 'General Moore, has
gone to Laoag to investigate the charges
formulated through General Miles and
Major Hunter. All the American witness
es In the case have gone to the United
States and an .nrjulry will be necessary
there.
MANILA, July 19-rGenenal Leonard
Wood arrived here to-day. He will con
fer with Governor Taft and General Davis
on the Moro question and will leave short
ly for Zamboanga to organize the govern
ment of the Moro province.
The government will to-morrow com
mence the circulation of the new cur
rency authorized oy the United States
Congress at Its last session. Considerable
difficulty In adjusting it to' the conditions
here in anticipated. It is expected that
the circulation of the new currency will
be limited because tne Mexican coins will
continue to be legal tender until I>ecena
ber. The merchants use Mexican coins
because they are cheaper and their pur
chasing power is equal to the new coins.
It is believed that the' entire year's crops
will bo -paid and handled In Mexican
money. A shortage of Mexican coins is
threatened, these coins, to the value of
$10,000,000, having been exported to Sing
apore and Hongkong since January.
Henry T. Scott, Louis S'.oss Jr., J. A. Folger,
Edwm Goodall. George D. Cooper, S. J. Hendy,
J. S. Tobln. William Dingee. Marcus Gerstle,
James Kelly, William M. Plerson, Charles J.
Hesgerty, Emil Bauer, Judge William P. Law
lor, James C McKlimry. Dr. Washington Dodge,
James D. Phelan. M. S. Wilson, Alfred J.
8mtth. William Alvord. Judga George II. Ca
baniss, W. E. Dean, Ju<3fre Ffank J. Murasky.
W. S. Wood. Edgar PeUotto. I. W. Hellman
Jr. A. E. Buckingham. Edmund Godchaux,
Wakefleld Baker. Rolla V. Watt, Dr. Wlnslow
Anderj-on. Colonel A. Andrews, Arnold Gentha,
Edward J. Smith. Julius Kahn. F. W. Dohr
mann, Julius Kruttschnltt. A. H. Vail, Dr. C.
Max Richter Daniel W. Burchard. Dr. W. F.
McNutt. Daniel Blxler. Thomas Alton. William
n. Beatty. Herman Shainwald. Henry Payot,
J. A. Morrow. James M. Seawell. Horace G.
Platt. C. T. Conlan. Peter F. Dunne, William
gproule. Arthur G. FIsk and Frank P. Deering.
An interesting social and art function
will be the forthcoming . exhibition of
original drawings and paintings by the
local newspaper and magazine illustrators
In the Maple Room Of the Palace Hotel
during the coming, season. The exhibi
tion will represent the work of between
forty and fifty artists and will consist
of more than 10Q0 drawings.
It Is the aim of the artists to make this
a social as well as an artistic success and
a number of society people have^been
asked to act as patrons. The opening
evening will be devoted to them exclus
ively and the following afternoons and
evenings to the public. The acceptances
so far Include:
Considerable Difficulty in Ad
justing New Currency Is
Anticipated.
San Francisco Newspaper
and Magazine Illustrators
to Give Function.
Original Plan la Modified at
a Meeting of the Two
Committees.
Contests # Will Begin
During Week Com
mencing July 27.
Drawings Will Be on
View in Maple Room
of the Palace.
Philippine Business Men
Will Continue to
Handle It.
Ali the witnesses agree on the manner
In which the man wore his clothes. His
light Lox overcoat was on his arm 'and
he acted as if he were about to call upon
some one on business. This overcoat was
on the man's body when it was found,
three of the buttons being fastened.
The only things about the man that
might indicate poverty were his proba
ble lack of money to buy a drink at Car
man's saloon and a week's growth of
beard. His poverty may have led him
to pick out West Berkeley as e good
place :n which to die. The pi3tol found
clenched in his hand was a new one and
this is indicative of the possibility of his
having purchased It purposely to com
mit suicide. The absence of any money
In the clothing or papers that might lead
to Identification indicate a premeditated
ALL WITNESSES *«GBEE.
Mrs. Charlrs Wilson who heard two
shots ring ont In the neighborhood of
the barn Friday night and told her hus
band about It. had nothing more to add
to the mystery yesterday. She remem
bers now that It was between S and 9
o'clock that the firing was done, but
neither she nor her husband, to **hom she
remarked about it, made any Investiga
tion.
I Fawvhira comlnt down Fourth street while
I was tfoin* toward my home with my little
Klrl II»* came up to me and said. "Madam,
will you please irive me a drink of water?"
1 said "Yee." and toid myjittle Kirl to go
into the hou»e and get a slals. She rot the
Class, filled It and erave It to the man, and
after he had drunk It be went away. The
last I eaw of him he was goinj? toward the barn
where he met his death. This happened be
tween 1 and 2 o'clock.
I remember new that the man asked the way
to Eest Berkeley. As soon as he heard the
whistle he said: "That's 12 o'clock, isn't It?"
and when I eaid. "Yes." he raid. "Well, I'm
going to East Berkeley." and the last I saw of
him he was making toward University avenue.
When he came into my place he looked
around a bit and then said. "'I *ee you've got
your revenue license." I said. "Yea, I always
keep that in full view," and th»n he said,
"That's good." From his general appearance
I thought he mast be a revenue officer, and an
I don't like to cross these kind of fellows I let
him look around my r>lace.
I think now the man wasn't a re\-enue
officer at all, though I thought I remembered
i-eeing him in the revenue office in San Fran-
Cisco when 1 went to get my license a week
or two aro. I believe he xralked in here and
simply tried to run a "bluff" to iret a drink.
But all I gave him was water. There are too
many of those kind of fellows around.
Mrs. Burcher, who saw the man last, re
members all the circumstances of his
visit to her place. She said:
BEQUESTS DIRECTION.
The man asked Hoessli the direction to
San Pablo and after being shown went off
in that direction. The next heard of him
is at Carman's saloon, where he was
obliged with a drink. And lastly he was
sotn bv Mrs. Annie Burcher of Fourth
and Harrison streets, who also granted
his request to be given a glass of water.
Regarding the visit of the unforunate,
Hoossli said:
The mp.n ramp into my place Friday morn
ln»r and I snid him ecmethlne. I do not re
member now whether it was a package of
ciparettf-* or a cigar that h<* boujrht. He wore
gold -bowed glaFM-F and held a. brown overcoat
on hit arm. lie acted in no way disturbed. Be
fore he went he asked if there was a car line
to Ean Pab'o avenue. I directed him to the
tf-rmlrsus of the line at the corner of Univer
sity avenue and Phattuck avenue and told him
that he would likfly pc-t a car there at that
time, as t!v» ha!f part 10 train wan Just cross
ing in to the Matinn. He went away in that
direction and I saw him no more until I viewed
his body at the Morgue. I have no doubt as
to the identitr of the man. I am positive that
it was the fame rxrson who was la my store
Friday morr.lng.
' Carman, the saloonman, said:
The man wandered into my place about II
o'clock and. afttr fretting a glass of water, re
mained until the noon whistle blew, when he
went off toward University avenue on San
Pablo avenue in a dtrc-ciion opposite to that
.of the barn near which his body was found.
ASKS FOB A DRINK.
pretty well through people of whom he
askod ciuesticns. The person who seems
to have seen him first is C. R. Hoessli.
who keeps a cigar store at 2122 Shattuck
avenue. He saw him about 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning.
The investigators have succeeded in
racing tho man's movements In the town
a purpose in being In Berkeley. Of two or
three people he inquired the way to dif
ff>ront part? of the town.
No one believes that the fracture was
caused by the man's falling after he was
shot. lie was a heavy man, weighing
perhaps ISO pounds, but the doctor does
not think he could have fallen with force
enough to fracture his skull. Here is Dr.
Gladdir.g"s opinion of the case:
Although the evidence In the case is incom
plete, all that is obtainable certainly points to
e. cife ef murder. The fracture, on the head
extends from the right eye back to the ear and
down to the lower end of the ear. making a
half circle. It was. in my opinion, caused by
a blow en the forehead. That part of the ekull
Is dented In. but not fractured. The fracture
:¦•...-•. have occurred before the bone of the s-kull
was punctured by the bullet. In other words,
the man was hit with come weapon before he
was ehot.
If the blow was not enough to kill the fellow
either one of the shots would have rendered him
unconscious, so that the hand of a suicide never
couj <J have fired the second shot.
The condition of the pround around the body
shows that not much blood was *pllled there,
and as the man must have died at midnight, he
would have hall tLme. If he had been first killed
<>n the Fr-ct where he way found, to have bled
much more than the amount found on the grass
ar.->und the body.
Tho man wis lyir.g on his right arm when I
rolled him over, and the plEtol was held loorely
in the Index finger of the hand. This is not
••vidence. however, that the hand of a euicide
had fln-d the ptatot, as it would have been only
I>ossible to have put the gun in the hand after
death.
There is no doubt that the man was hit very
hard on the head, and this before the fhots
were fired into his kull. There is little doubt
that this blow d!d not produce unconsciousness.
as the ft>su:e is larpe enough to permit a rapid
hemorrhage.
It ie my opinion that the fellow was foully
c>alt with.
One of the most inexplicable features in
the case is the manner in which the pistol
found in the man's hand was discharged.
The hammer cam* 1 down on one cartridge
and discharged it. then entirely skipped
the cartridge in the chamber next to It
and struck the next one and discharged
it. The pistol is in good working order,
and unless this was done by design It
would not have mi?sed a cartridge. Even
a person with all his faculties would not
have been able to turn the barrel without
some little trouble. This strange feature
in the case is one of the things that go to
bear out the murder theory.
All cf the movements of the man. as
tney wore noticed by people who remem
ber to have seen him on Friday, seem to
have been those of a rational being. He
talked nensibly and teemed to have had j
The fracture of the skull discovered by
Dr. Gladding: in making the autopsy Indi
cates that the man was struck with some
blunt instrument, probably these dub?.
This break la the skull was not noticed
until after the scalp had been laid back.
It was on the right side of the bead and
was wide er.ough for Dr. Gladding to put
the tip of his finger Into it. A piece of
tho skuli about an inch long was taken
from the head. There was no. abrasion of
the scalp on the right side of the head,
but one In the middle of the forehead
bcows where the blow was struck that
is supposed to have caused the fracture.
THEOBY OF FBACTTJBE.
C A. Carman, the San Pablo-avenus
FaJoon man. to whom the unkno\m dead
man applied on Friday for a glass of
water, has these weapons In his posses
sion and will turn them over to Coroner
Mtihrmar.a. He is firm In the belief now
that the raan was murdered by traisps.
though he was at first inclined to think
It a simple casp of pulcide.
"The ttndlns of these clubs." he said,
"convince me that the man was murdered.
That barn Is tilled with tramps every
r-l^ht. It Is filled with straw and Just
the. place for them. The chances are this
nan went In there to sleep and the
"hoboes" dratscd h!ra out and shot him.
I know there iva* a pistol In his hgnd.
but then the tramps may easily have put
It there.
is an Indentation, which Dr. Gladding
thinks was the result of coming In con
tact \rtth a hard substance, perhaps tho
dead man's skull.
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
ARTISTS PLAN
AN EXHIBITION
GIVE PREFERENCE
TO MEXICAN COIN
FIX THE TIME
FOR GUP RACES
MYSTERY VEILS DEATE
THE SAN* FB Atf CISCO CA^L, MONDAY, JULY 20, 1903.
ENGINEER
IS KILLED
BY FALL
5
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.
BY
HENBY P. SMITH.
The Art Supplement with the
Sunday Call of July 26 will
make a most attractive picture
if framed with three or four
inch Flemish dark green oak
and powdered gold ornamenta-
tions.
STATEMENT
UNITED STATES BRANCH
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— — OF THE^ j
Aachen & Munich Fire
Insurance Company
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. IN THE EMPIRE
of Germany, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1902. and for the year ending on that
day. as mads ' to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
ASSETS. •
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. $734,535 00
Cash In Company's Office........ 95 05
Cash In Banks 147,337 80
Premiums In dua Course of Collec-
tion ....' • 151,693 90
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 1,378 79
Due f'om other Companies for
Reinsurance on losses already
paid 83 02
Total Assets $1.035,023 56
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $6,254 08
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 63,662 68
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 9,441 74
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $637,-
113 89; reinsurance 50 per cent. 318,556 94
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year, ..
•¦ $382,25-1 91; reinsurance pro
rata 220.726 40
AH other Liabilities 34.070 81
Total Liabilities $652.713 55
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums • ........ $777,787 78
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 25,906 82
Received from all other sources.. 67,512 40
Total Income $861,207 00
' EXPENDITURES. ._
Net amount paid tor Fire Losses
(Including $75,537 78, losses of
previous years) $389,596 SJ
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 157,833 58
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for of fleers, * clerks, etc. 77,954 83
Paid- for State. National and Lo- \
caT taxes ...... ••- 18,930 09
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures .......... 97.731 02
Total Expenditures $742,046 49
Losses Incurred during the year. ...$384,882 57
Risks and Premtums.lFlre Risks. Premiums./
Net amount of Risks .
written during the r .•
year '.$78,005,902 $1,082.669 61
Net amount of Risks .
expired during the
year 59,822,678 806,562 66
Net amount In force
December 31. 1002. 74.964.661 1,019.363 80
J. A. KELSEY. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to ¦ before me this 3d
day of February. 1903.
, C. M. DOUGHTY. Notary Public
STATEMENT
HOME OFFICE
—^OF THE
- CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
OF THE
Aachen & Munich Fire
Insurance Company
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. IN THE EM-
pire of Germany, on the 31st day of
December. A. D.. 1902. and for the year end-
ing on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State ,of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections C10 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up #
in Cash $450.600 00
ASSETS. .
Real Estate owned by Company.. $938,183 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1,782.000 50
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2.16C.0S.T 62
Cash In Company's Office 51.070 81
Cash in Banks.... 628.066 13
Interest due and accrued onfall
Stocks and y Loans 34.S07 04
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 608,103 10
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 203,187 73
Total Assets '..$6,302,476 23
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid: losses
in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense; losses resisted. Includ-
ing expenses $347,750 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning' one year or less, re-insur-
ance 50 per cent: gross premiums ,
on Fire Risks running more than
one year. re-Insurance pro rata. 2,203,46.1 89
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. - 562 60
All other Liabilities 612", 661 77
Total " Liabilities .$3.164,433 87
INCOME.
Net cash actually received .for
Fire premiums $2,878,551 01
Received for interest on ' Bonds •
and Mortgages ... .'.".: 77,619 31
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, , and
from all other sources 74,152 2!)
Received from all other sources... / 85,167 25
Total Income ..'.....'..........$3,115,490 36
EXPENDITURER 7"
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $77,823 90, losses of
previous years) .11,359,977 43
Dividends to Stockholders 833,540 00
Paid or allowed /Tor Commission or
Brokerage . . . . . . • - 498,877 41
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other >'
charges for officers,, clerks, etc. 323,787 79
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 27.003 94
All other payments and expendi-
tures 120,170 59
Total Expenditures $2,674,362 21
Losses Incurred during the vear. .$1,421,107 00
Risks &-' Premiums: Fire Bisks. Premiums.;
Net amount of Risks ; ; 't^.
written during the
year ............. $2,604,561,750 $5,150,131 62
Net amount of Risks
expired during the .. - . • .» .
year ..... .... 2,433.481.708 4,813.525 62
Net amount In force - ¦
December 31; 1002. 1.533.519.333 2.807,216 04
, ROBERT~VpN GORSCHEN, Prest.
'¦¦:._.. , : - FRITZ SCHROEDER. Genl. Mgr.
. . Subscribed and sworn to before me, .this 16th
day of June, 1903.
. FRANKLIN - BE AUDR Y,
,U. S. Consul.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
ir^ fli fflA^Mha7
For BJHous and Nervous . Disorders, nch as
Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Head-
ache, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after
meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills
Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Snort-'
ness of Breath, Costiveness, Blotches on the
Skin. Disturbed Sleep, t Fritrhtf ul Dreams
and all Nervoua and Trembnne Sensations.
Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one
Box of these Pills, and ther will b« ack-
nowledced to be WITHOUT A RIVAL £
DEEOHAM'S PILLS taken as direc-
ted, will quickly restore Females to complete
health. They promptly remove any obstruo*
t ion or irregularity of the system. For a
Weak Stomach*,
Impaired Digestion*
Disordered Liver,
they act like maffie— a few doses will work
wonders upon the Vital Organs; Strengthen*
ing the muscular System, restoring the Ion j.
lost Complexion, bringing back the keea
edge of appetite, .ana- arousing with the
Rosebud of Health the whole phy-
sical energy of the human frame. Thew
are "fact*" admitted by thousands. In all
classes of society, and one of the best guar-
antees to the Nervous and - Debilitated la
that BKECKAM'S PILLS have the*
Largest 8ale> of any Patent
Medicines In the World.
Beechtm'i Pill* bare* been before
the public for half a century,
and are the moat popular family
medicine. No testimonials are pub*
llshed, as Beecham's Pills
RECOMMEND THEMSELVES.
Prepared only by Thomas Boecham -
St. Helens. England.
Sold •Tsrywfcan 1st Boxes 10c. sad 85c -
I For Born, Bnrn», 5c*ldj, / > ***>«/il
Uleen, Ringworm, Tatter, A^ «< j £1
Erysipelas, Scald Head, X- if J m
Itch, Pimples, Itlotehes.. Ji - I ¦
Inflamed Eyelids, Itch- >«T^. H
Ing Piles, and all Skla^\ >. I fj
Eruptions— nsa JF \ . iW'-m . IK
HEISKELL'S I
Ointment H
They all yield to Its magical Inflame*. Bathe E
the affected part, usinst JftutelP* Soap, sight B
and morning, apply Ileiakell'* Ointment, and 1
care follow* in a few day*. A tall druggists S0O. Gt
Send for free book of testimonials. ¦ ¦
JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAY A CO. ¦
581 Cosweree. Sfc, Philadelphia. J
VninnA- Dmj FAIL T0
lttlawy see the beautiful
t COURT Lounjfing-
4 fin room, the EMPIRE
illlll PARLOR. the
r, : - PALM ROOM, the
II mi.il LOUIS XV PAR-
lilailll lor and the LA-
„ ' t DIES' WRITING
I Hotels :">?"•
TCUTtERJf
T DR.PIERCES |
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE . .
I BLOOD,LIVER.U)NGS.|
OCEAN TRAVEL. ¦¦'¦•- '? "¦.
S Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. Juneaa,
Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
m., July 20, 25, 'M. August
4. Change to company's
steamers at Seattle.
• For Victoria, \Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett, WhatCom — 11
tTra., July 20. 25. 30, August 4. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle for Tacnma to N.
P. Ry. ; at Vancouver- to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
z> m. July 21, 27. August 2: Corona, 1:30 p.
S:. July 18. 24. SO, August 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cuyacoa, Port . Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. July 16. 24, August 1.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. Sm Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Guayms (Hex.), 10 . m. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain fclder. - „ '-' •
Right is reserved to change steam* rs or sail-
ing dates. ¦ . - > -c
Ticket Offices — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight Office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent,
. 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. ff. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails July 22 Angr. 1. 11, 21, 31.
"George W. Elder" sails July 17, 27. Aug. 6,
16 20. Only steamship line tO\ PORTLAND,
OR. and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through . tickets to all points, all
rail or steamship and rail. at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear ft. -at 11 a.
m. S F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. I
Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD, Ocn. Afft..Frt.
Dept.. 3 Montgomery, st
TOYO KISJ KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, - and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of mailing.
S. S. NIPPON MARU.... Friday., July 31. 1903
8. S. AMERICA MARU J
...'...... Wednesday. August 26. 1903
S. S. HONGKONG MARU (Calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1003
Via Honolulu! Round-trip tickets lit reduced
rates. For freight and- passage, apply. at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market, street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Aidants* C € PaV •"**"• 8AU0 '- Rn *
5. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 23.11 A.M.
6. a VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and 8ydney. Thursday, Aug. 6, 2 P. M.
8.8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. August 15,11 A.M.
ilJPKC«LStlCdS.C0.,l3ts..TMit8iaci,l4Slari]lj|'
FnlEhtBfflcUlJ IvkitlUPbrls. 7.Fic& SL
COMPAGNIE GXXXRALE TRAHSATtAHTiyjJ
DIRECT, LINE TO, HAVRE-PARIS. -. »^»_
KaiUnff every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. -**alfaj*
North River. • foot of Morton stre«».
Klrst-class ¦ to Havre. '970 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. • GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, ft Montgomery -avenue. • 8an Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket "Agents.
. Jtars I*laad and ¦ VaUsja Btsajmrs. .
, 8teamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
— 0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. tx. Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves • Vallejo.
7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 rents. Tel.
Main 1008. ' Pier 2. Mlssion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. . _„ -•.--- „. ,
ST/VTEyWIBINT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
OF THE
HANOVER FIRE
Insurance Company
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1002, and for the year ending- on that dsy, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of "the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections CIO and fill of the Political Code
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of.Capital Stock paid up
In Cash $1,000,000 00
ASSETS. ~ ~"
Real' Estate owned by Company .. $430,000 00
Loans on Bonds and alortsraKes.... 3. 500 00
Cash Market Value Of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . . 2,537.812 62
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... 500 00
Cash In Company's of flee IB, 731 01
Cash In Banks 309,564 27
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 16.0S1 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages H 58
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection . 434.001 14
Rents due and accrued 1,605 81
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 21,393 89
Total Assets $3,705,167.33
LIABILITIES.
•Losses adjusted and unpaid $103,135 S3
Losses ¦ in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense ' 130,763 34
Lossei resisted, including expenses. 44.3SS 30
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,737.-
78S 82: reinsurance 50 per cent... 863, SO J 41
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlmr more,,than one year. $1,606,-
21" 88: reinsurance pro rata. 869,251 S3
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due B0.140 17
All other Liabilities... 41,039 43
Total Liabilities .$2,148,514*80
INCOME. '- . i ""
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,242,033 50
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortitages , 175 00
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, ¦ Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources M.22.1 M
Received for rents 27.B22 CS
Received from all other sources.... 82,862 80
Total Income $2,438,819 86
EXPENDITURES. ,~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $247,607 81, losses of
. < previous years) fl.IOft.RRS 50
Dividends ' to Stockholders .... 80,000 00
Paid or allowed for , Commission
or Brokerage 439.528 27
Paid, for Salaries. F*r" «nd other
fharces for officers, clerks, etc. 153.244 02
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes I...... ... 00.609 43
All other payments and expend I- .
_ tures ....-» 169,830 35
Total Expenditures S2.O12.5KW 57
Losses Incurred during the year. .$1,174,143 63
Risks and Premiums. |Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks . |
•written during" "the '
year .....:.... $315,621,760 $3,243,033 C7
Nefamaunt of -Risks
expired during the
year 264.509.8041 2.707.120 40
Net amount ¦ In force] « -• ¦¦
,. December 31. 1002... | 333.874.514 3.344.002 70
•¦%¦•• / ¦ ¦¦¦' ~~ CHAS. A. SHAW, Prest.
JOS. McCORD. Secy.
:> Subscribed and sworn 'to before me, this
26th day of January, 1003.
: < < : CHARLES F. SHAW.v
Commissioner for California In New > York. ;
CESAR BERTHEAU, Manager - - - - ALFRED R. GRIM, Assistant Manager.
MARTIN BASCHEN and GUS MESSIMGOR, City Agents.
P2\.G? : tjRIG? COAST DER/VRTMENT^
423 California Stre^ti;
/^ 1 j fy h) fry K fry ri^Bi
TIV0USSB.
TO-NIGHT X
And Every Evening This "Week — Saturday
Matinee.
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT of
CAJHILLE D'ARVILLE
Who Will Appear In Smith and De K oven's
Bright and Tuneful Comic Opera.
THE HIGHWAYMAN.
EDWIN STEVENS AS FOXT OLTLLER.
ANNIE MYERS. BERTHA DAVIS, MARIB
WELSH. FERRIS HARTMAN, ARTHUR
CUNNINGHAM. EDWARD WEBB
And the Blg> TIVOLI Chorus and Orchestra
Will Combine to Make th» Production
the Event of the Operatic Season.
POPULAR PRICES 23c, BOc. If
Telephone Bush 9.
CQLUmllSA iwwaiEATa
THIS WEEK— FIRST TIMS HERS. 'i
MATS. WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY.
AMELIA BIMGHAM
And Her Company, Preseottas;
Clyde Fitch's Latest, Wittiest and Best Plar,
THE FRISKY
MRSJOHNSONi
Next Week— Last Performances of Of AMS*
LIA BINOHAM SEASON.
CENTRAUIE
Market St., Near Elgntb Ptone South 63ff
TO-NIGHT— ONE WEEK ONLT.
The Brilliant Young Actor,
MR. HERSCHEL MAYALL*
Supported by the Superb Central Stock Coxa*
pany. In a
Magnificent Spectacular Production of ,
FAUST.
,^__ The. Wonderful "Brocken Seen*.** 1
JsFP The New and Startling Electrics*
v *^'* - ' and Mechanical Effects. . •
NO ADVANCE IN
PDirPC Evenings -10c to 50a.
llUvE3 Matinees 10c. 18c. 21«,
Monday. July 27— MR. HERSCHE1. MAY*'
ALL In "A LION'S HEART." -'
NEW ATTRACTIONS!!
Claude Gilling-water and Company;
Ethel Levey; Orpheus Comedy,.
Four; Three Polos; George W.
Hunter; De Kolta; Bailey and
Madison; Hodges and Launchmero
and the Biograph.
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, SOc.
ia\liforn7a1
TO-NIOHT. \mJk
First Appearanca Hers of ¦ ¦
the Incomparable w ¦ 1
.75 NEILL-MOROSCO CO. .75
*»*». Presenting Crawford's De- * '
j5() lightful Romance. 50
9 . IH THE PALACE 07 THX m0 9 k
¦LO Biggest Bargain Ever Offered «^*'
PRICES — Entire Lower
. Floor. 75c; Balcony, 30c; _
VPSF\ Gallery, 23c: Bargain Mati-
III ¦ nees Thursday. 23c and 50c. ft*
IIheatru-
GRAND 8SBI&
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAT.
v —THE BIGGEST POSSIBLE HIT— * 1,
X O - IN I G H T
EVERY NIGHT. II
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY J
And Our Superb New York Company in
The New Whimsical Musical Eccentricity.
I IN WALL STREET
T
The Same Production as Used by the Rosen
Brothers at the Victoria Theater.
New York.
NEW SONGS. SPECIALTIES. ETC. •¦'.
PRICES— 25c. SOc. 73c.
ALCAZAR^g:
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLT. I
THE SEASON'S SUCCESS. ''
WHITE WHITTLESBY ;
In a Great Production of Anthony Hope's I
THE PRISONER
OF ZENDA...
Eves 25c U» 75c; Mats.Thurs. A Sat.,15o to SOc
NEXTMONDAY— MR. WHITTLESEY la ta«
First San Francisco Vr-sentation of
Hall Calne's Master Work.
, THE iYIANXMflN.
If you feel out of sorts, then here's a pre-
scription: «¦*"'*'«."'¦'. j
Get tickets for Fischer's— the show's past da-,
•TwUl'you^'hearts with/ Joy thrift, 'twill pot
coin In our till. ' i
For "Standing room only" greets the Weber-
Field bill.
THE GREAT
COMBINATION Of*
UNDER THE RED GLOBE -r! n
— AND—
THE THREE MUSKEETERS.
With Kolb. Dill and Bernard. Maude Amber,
Blake. Hermsen and Whelan. etc.. etc.. etc.
RESERVED SEATS— Ntehts, 25c. SOo and
75c- Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 23c and
SOc; Children at Matinees. 10c and 23c. ,
HANLON'S PANTOMIME COM PANY and
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening in the Theater.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT. W T 5
— visit ths: — i • 1
Pound and One-Half Baby
AND HIS COMPANIONS ¦* ,
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS. !
THREE BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO. i >
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION, 10c;. CHILDREN. Sc
GR AUMAN'S SE^g T A S?s.
Every Afternoon and Evening.
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
LESTER and CURTIN: HATHAWAT and
WALTON; HANK WHITCOMB: LITTLE
BLOSSOM: MOUNTS and DELMAR; THB
BURROUGHS: THE GREAT ZANO: CLIN-
TON MONTGOMERY and THE BIOSCOPE.
Prices — Night. 23o. 20c. 13c and 10c; Mati-
nees, 20c and 10c. Phone for Seau, BouUiCall " for up-to-date traveling bags or
suit' cases. -Do you need ar new trunk?
Carload prices to the user." Leather goods
department," Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street * •._ •
Trunks and Dress Suit Cases.
Goelet's Yacht Takes Another Prize.
COPENHAGEN. July 19.— The regatta
held, under the auspices of the Danish
Royal-Yaah4^£Iub closed to-day.- Robert
W/'GofWlVyacht Swan secured
prize 'of." hj&nor-Ta , large . cup awarded to
the most speedy racer.
ALBANY, N. Y., July. 19.— A match race
for. a purse of $2600,' 75 per cent to the win
ner, and 25 per cent to the loser, has been
arranged between W. ;, J. ¦ Scannell's : The
Abbot, with a record of 2:03Vi. and A.P.
McDonald's Major Delmar, with a record
of 2:05%.. The race is to take place at
Island "Park,'; near this .city, during if the
circuit races on Wednesday, July 29. -, John
Kelly, otherwise , known , as ; ;:"Dlrectum".
Kelly, : is to drive The Abbot. McDonald
win drive hla bwnt hdrsa;< fy ' .
Maj. Delmar and The Abbot Matched.
CHICAGO, July 19.— Walter J. Travis,
holder of the national amateur golf cham
pionship title in 1900 and 1901. defeated
Louis N. James, present holder of the
title, by four up and two to play In a
thirty-six-hole * match at Glenview links
to-day. In the morning Travis made the
course In 77, finishing nine up on James.
James picked up wonderfully in the after
noon and won back five holes. On the en
tire match Travis won fourteen holes,
James won eleven and eleven were halved.
Defeats Amateur Golf Champion.
Navahoe Wins Handicap Yacht Race.
DEAL, England, July 19.— The handicap
yacht race from Heligoland to Deal,
which was started last : Thursday after
noon at 3 o'clock, was completed to-day.
The Navahoe finished first, 1 the Comet
was second and the Empress' yacht Iduna
third. Emperor William's Meteor and tha
Therese also started.
First Game Is Close.
The morning game at Oakland con
tained everything that is generally found
In a first-class battle. . Pabst was put out
of the game for trying to be an orator.
The score:
Noted Fire Fighter Is Killed by Car.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.; July ».— Major Ed
ward Hughes, Louisville's veteran flre
chief, was run over and killed to-day at
noon by a trolley car. Major Hughes was
one of the. best known lire chiefs In the
country and had been at the head of the
Louisville fire department for twenty-five
years until recently, when he was retired
on pay. ' He was a picturesque figure and
had been a flre fighter for more than
fifty years.
The Salvation Army Journal, the War
Cry, appears weekly in thirty' different
licfuafea,
San Francisco— i Sacramento—
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R.H. P.A.
Shay. ea. 4 0 1 1 10 Casey, 2b 4 1 1 1 l
Meany. rf 4 0 A 1 OHIldbd.lf 4 1 1 5 0
Irwln.3b 4 1 1 1 1 McLgp.rf 3 0 12 0
Leahy, c. 3 10 2 lJEgan.tss. 4- 0 2 : 2 -3
Llndsy.cf 4 0 14 OlTwnsd.lb 4 0 0 10 2
Kel.cf-lb 3 0 2 13 l|Sheh'n,Sb 3 0 0 2-2
Krug, If. 3 0 0 1 0 Doylo, cf 2 O 0 10
Delms,2b 3 1 13 3 Hogan, c 2 ' 0 . 0 1 1
Herr. p.. 3 0--0 0 . 1 Thomas, p 3 0 10-2
Pabst. lb 0 0 0 1 0 , . __
- :— Totals. 29 2 6 24 11
Totals.31 3 6 27 17J .••;>.-•";
Wireless System in Use in Hawaii.
HONOLULU. July 18— The wireless
telegraph system has now been extended
to all of the islands of the Hawaiian
group. Kauai. the. last island to be con
nected with the . others, is ninety miles
in a direct line from Oahu. '
Total 39
Runs at the fall of each wicket — On© for 10.
two for 15. three for 28, four for 44 flv« for
49. six for 55. seven for 37. eight for 58. nine
for 5S.
SUMMART OF BOWLING.
E B °H Wle w7ike 9 3fr R 2 r **"-™-
B. Kortlarf* . ,. % ".. 78' 2H O 4
E. Petersen 6 0 0 1
Wllkes bowled 3 wides.
Yesterdays victory gives the San Fran
cisco County team nine points against the
Alameda eleven's ten Dolnts for Um 2903
pennant.
v Total for three wickets 205
Sp. R. Johns. W. O. Rowley. II. Roberts. T.
J. A. Tledemann. W. R. Stewart and T. J. A.
Tledemann Jr. did not bat.
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 55,
two for 76. three for 137.
SUMMART OF BOWLING.
Bowler— ; Balls. Runs. Maid. Wick.
F\ J. Croll 1<» 5U 2 o
Harold Ward 102 «2 3 0
J. H. Saunders 54 2K l 0
B. Bird M 3« 1 1
C. Banner * 30 12 \ \
Saunders bowled 1 wide.
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLCB.
W. J. Rlchter. c. and b. Wllkes T
J. H. Saanders. b. Wllkes 4
B. Bird. c. Sloman, b. Wllkes 7
F. J. Croll. b. Kortlang 20
H. Ward Jr.. run out 7
A. G. Acklom, st. Richardson, b. Kortlan?. ft
C. Banner, b. Kortlang 2
J, Brown*, b." Petersen .....¦.....,..¦ O
J. U. Bird. b. Kortlang 0
H. W. Brown, not out . 1
Bye 1. leg bye 1. wides 3 5
Leading: Team Suffers a Crushing
Defeat on the Alameda
Field.
The San Francisco County Cricket Club
met the Alameda eleven on the ground at
Webster street, Alameda. yesterday, for
the third time during the present season,
and defeated It by 147 runs for the loss
of only three wickets. Harold Richardson
lost the toss and the San Francisco Coun
ty team was sent to the bat. Richardson
and Sloman opened the Innings, the latter
being bowled by Banner when hs had
made 11 runs. Kortlang was not out for
79 runs and K. II. Wllkes was not out
for 29 runs. Kortlang' .<* total Included one
hit for five and eight fours. When three
wickets had fallen and the score had
passed 200 the Innings was called. B. Bird
having captured one wicket and C. Ban
ner having also taken. one.
None of the Alameda batsmen except
F. J. Croll (20) made any serious stand
against the bowling of Kortlang and
Wllkes. the former capturing t our wick
ets and the latter taking three. The in
nings closed for 58 runs*. The full details
are given in the table:
SAN* FRANCISCO COTJNTT CLUB.
E. G. Sloman. b. Banner 11
H. B. Richardson, c. J. Brown, b. B. Bird. 4.J
B. Kortlanc, not out — • 7»
K. Petersen run »ut •• 2»
K. H. Wllkes. not out 2t>
Byes 12. leg by.e 1. wide 1 14
SAN FRANCISCO
CRICKETERS win
A big crowd enjoyed the sport at Union
Coursing Park yesterday. The betting
was brisk and the hares all gave the
dogs unusually smart trials.
W. T. Raught's clever greyhound, Sll
verheels, carried off the honors and
showed herself to be a courser of the
first class. An Interesting feature of this
race was the fact that in the final trial
her opponent, TilHe R, came out of the
same litter as herself. • ?
Palo Alto, who was favorite . 10 to 1,
was defeated by Sllverheels amid great
cheering from the grandstand.
. The very fast pup Fair Tralee led the
champion Palo, Alto a hot chase, but was
defeated by the older dpg. This la the
first defeat scored against this pup.
Among the spectators In the grandstand
was Miss BIJou Fernandez,,- leading' lady
in Miss Amelia Bingham's company, who,
with a party of friends, took a tremen
dous Interest In the proceedings. It was
the first time the young actress had been
In the coursing field and she was so much
pleased with the sport that Manager John
Ilalton Invited her to Inspect the grounds.
The stables, the starting box. where the
hounds are slipped . away and the hare
run were all given a close Inspection,
much to the edification and delight of the
-rising young artist.. . ..,;"...',
Following are the. day's results with
Judge John CJrace's official scores:
ClaBslfled stake, ' first round— Firm Fellow
beat War Eagle, 0-0; Sacramento Boy boat
Fontenoy. 12-3; Master Rocket beat Honest
John. 11-7; Eastlake beat Clarice. 4-0; Full
Moon beat Liberator. 5-2; 'Aggie W a bye;
John IKtnun beat Dora Anthony, lo-2; Reck
leso Acrobat beat Lilac. 7-1; St-a Lion beat
Aeneas. 2S-0; Dear ¦ Gaston beat Vina. 10-2;
Don Pedro beat Slsklyou. 23-18: Tlllle R beat
Thetma, 10-3; Golden Light beat Hiawatha. 8-0;
My Bonnie Kirn? a bye; Cancade a bye; Gam
bit beat Cluster. 14-7; Pasha Pleasant beat
Boots, 12-3; Reno beat Jtmmle Flirt, U>-0:
Haphazard beat Concord Boy,.H-G; Flaunt beat
Mickey Free 11-5; Otto beat Krishna. 14-.'!;
Ragged Actor beat St. Conn. 11-4; Lord Bra
zen beat Barge 7-2; Rubber Ankles beat Tralea
Boy. 4-2; Palo Alto beat Harvey. 14-2; Ruby
\Sankey beat Pacing Blllie, 7-2; Fair Tralee
beat Precita Maid, 10-4; Fenll beat Manhattan
King. 5-2; Silverheels beat Silver Cloud. 4*3;
Queen's Motto beat Humming Bird. 32-0;
Cremo beat Flying Pasha. 5-0; Viking beat
Eagle. 7-1. ¦ : .
Second round — Sacramento Boy < beat Vlrm
Fellow. 8-3; Master Rocket boat Eastlake, 6-1;
Full Moon beat Aggie W. 9-3; Reckless Acro
bat beat John ¦ Heenan, 8-4; - Sea - Lion beat
Dear Gaston, 6-4; Tlllle R beat -Don Pedro.
10-3; Golden Light beat My Bonnie King,
13-5; Cascade beat ' Gambit. . 7-3; , Reno beat
Pasha Pleasant 5-0; Haphazard . beat Flaunt,
9-4;. Otto beat Ragged -Actor. - 4-2; Rubber
Ankles ' beat Lord ¦ Brazen. 6-5; Palo Alto beat
Fair Tralee, 6-4: Sllverheela beat - Ruby , San
key. 6-1; F«nll beat Queen's Motto. 10-4; Vlk
lng beat Cremo, 17-6. . ,
' Third round — Sacramento ,Boy beat Master
Rocket, 7-4; Full Moon beat Reckless Acrobat,
'3-1;, Tlllle R beat Sea Lion. ¦ 4-0; Cascade a
bye;' Reno beat Haphaxard." 4-2; Rubber An
kles beat Otto "21-0; Sllverheels beat Palo
Alto. 3-1:, Fenll: beat Viking, ' 5-1. ~ •
.• Fourth ' round — Sacramento Boy . beat Full
Moon, 6-2; Tillle R beat Cascade. 7-0; Reno
a bye; Sllverheela beat Fenll.; 5-2.
Fifth round— Tillle R beat Sacramento Boy,
10-0* Sllverheels. beat Reno. 8-5\ v V
¦ Deciding course — Sllverheels beat Tlllle R,
6-0. -..,. ¦""¦¦¦. .... ..-".¦¦¦ :
Ingleside Coursing Park .has probably,
never furnished better 'sport than that
afforded the big assemblage of people
there yesterday. Each event was well
and stoutly contested, the short ends In
numerous instances giving a battle royal
that made people shout with excitement.
The finale In the Consolation stake, in
which Prompto met Toronto, was as neat
a bit of coursing as could be wished. It
was a great finale, lasting no less than
two minutes and thirty-seven seconds.
After the two minutes a relief dog was
turned out and for the rest of the time
bunny gave the dogs a merry and excit
ing chase.
Toronto put up a true blue battle and
won with the score 12 to 7.
Several tempting short ends brought
Joy to th« speculators In shorts. The
weather was all that could be desired.
The decisions were as follows:
Open stake eighty entries, second round —
White Hat a bye; Fair Glen beat Wattles. 5-1;
Bob R beat Valid. 5-4: Lord Granard beat
Laughing Water. C-l; Belle Lloyd beat Merry
I.ow, 5-0; Dock Burns a bye; May Hempstead
beat Advance Guard, 7-2; Flower of Gold beat
Manru. 10-4; Rockefeller beat Yankee Boy.
B-7- Grace W beat M. Henry. 13-10; Yukon
a bye- Renegade Apache beat Bright Fortune.
8-°- It'eta S beat Real Pasha. 4-0; Golden Rule
beat Lady Granard. *-2; Flora Belle beat Con
roy 6-0- Yellow Tall b*at Royal Friend. 8-6;
Bonnie Hu«hle beat Harlean Gladys 5-2; Mod
est Beauty beat Young Buck, 4-0; Meddlesome
beat Flora Bird. 18-3; Lulu Olrl beat Una.
8 *Third round— White Hat beat Fair Glen.
10-° • Bob If beat I»rd Granard. 4-3: Doc
Burns ,beat Belle Lloyd. 5-0; Flower of Gold
beat May Hempstead. 5-3; Crave W beat
Rockefeller »-7: Renegade Apache b«at Yu
ko^ 7-4 -Golden Rule beat Reta S. 5-0: Yel
low" Tall' beat Flora Belle. «-0; Modest Beauty
beat Bonnie Hughle. 5-0; Lulu Girl beat Med
dl Fo O u n rfh Hat beat Bob R. 6-3:
Doc Burns beat Flower of Gold. 0-4; RenegadJ
Apache ".ronu-e W. 7-4; Yellow Tall beat
Golden Rule. 5-1; Modest Beauty beat Lulu
Gl Flfth round— Doc Burns beat White Hal.
5-4; Renerade Apache beat Yellow Tall, ft-3;
Modest Beauty a bye. • • ¦ . •_"
Sixth round— Renegade Apache a bye; Doc
Burns beat Modest Beauty. 6-1.
Deciding* course — Renegade Apache beat Doc
'consolation stake. 16 entries: First round-
Intruder a bye; Llllie Wright beat Wedgewood.
8-4- Promote a bye; Miss Wilson beat Patri
cia.' «-7: Tobasco Bob beat Topsy Turvy, 10-5;
Linda Vista a bye; Old Ironsides beat Tom Hur
lick, 6-5: Toronto beat Gay City.. 8-1. .
Sectmd round— Lilly Wright beat Intruder,
7-1- Prompto beat Miss Wilson, 6-0; Tobasco
Bob beat Linda Vista, 5-0; Toronto beat Old
Irontldes, 6-0.
Third round— Prompto beat Lilly Wright.
5-2; Toronto beat Tobasco Boy, 6-5.
Deciding cours*. — Toronto beat Prompto, 12-7.
NEW FAVORITE
ENTERS FIELD
Starting Finishing Elapsed
YACHT. Time. Time. Time.
H. M.S. H.M.S. H.M.3.
One<tta 12:4.1:CO 2:42:00 1:50:00
R ub v 12:42:00 2:4.1:00 2:0t:0O
"ea Fox 12:15:00 2:45:30 2:30:3O
Mlraon 12:50:00 2:45:02 1:53:42
Discovery 12:45:00 2:46:05 2:01:05
Harpoon ...... 12:59:00 2:46:08 1:47:0*
Phoenicia 12:18:40 2:4«:10 2:S1:3O
SMedweU 12:G*:0O 2:4»:0O 1:51:00
OUDld ....... 12:19:00 2:50:30 2:31 :3()
Emma 12:55:00 2:53:3O 1:08:30
Veva 12:4<l:Oi> 2:54:20 2:08:20
Arcturus 12:48:30 2:56:10 2:09:40
Sans Soucl 12:41:00 2:53:10 2:17:10
Fsdv ...... 12:45:30 2:59:10 2:13:40
Veptune 12:51:00 3:01:20 2:10:20
Edha 12:55:00 3:02:50 2:07:50
TVuant 12:50:30 3:03:00 2:12:30
jieUe 12:35:00 3:03:50 2:28:50
Meteor 12:50:00 3:08:00 2:18:00
Klttlwake 12:17:00 3:08:02 2:3O:30
Mav ........ 12:39:00 .3:13:10 2:34:10
joaie *. 12:36:00 3:40:00 3:04:00
p ny nja 12:40:00 3:36:00 2:fi6:0O
Amigo 12:47:00 Retired
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF
RIVAL BALL TEAMS THAT
PLAYED HERE YESTERDAY.
Errors — Cutter (2), Casey, Irwln, Doyle,
Leuhy. Two-base hits— Egan (2). Leahy. Sac
rifice hits — McLaughlin. Sheehan.* First base
on errors — San Francisco - 1, Sacramento . 1.
First base on called balls— Off Whalen 3. oft
Cutter 3. Left on bases — San Francisco 8,
Sacramento 8. Struck out — By Whalen 2 by
Cutter 1. Hit by pitcher— Kelly. Double
play — Whalen to Irwln to Shay to Delmaa.
WIIJ pitch — Cutter. Time of game — 2:00. Um
pire—O'Connell.
SUMMARY.
Sacramento 1 0 3 1 0 0 0 0 0 — 5
Base hits 2 0 4 2 1 0 O 0 1—10
San Francisco ..3 0 10 0 0 3 0 x — 7
Base hits 4 O 2 1 0 13 1 x— 12
AB. R. 11. P. A. ,. AB. R. II. P. A.
Rhay.f.. 5 113 4 Cusey.2b 4 1 ;t 2 4
Meany.rf H 1 1 0 0 Hllbrd.lf 5 2 2 2 0
lrwIn.Sb 5 12 2 3 MLgln.rf 4 0 0 2 0
Leahy.c. 4 2 3 3 0 Egan.ss.. 3 1 2 3 3
Pabst. lb 2 0 14 1 Shehn.2b 3 O 2 1 4
K?l.lb-!f 3 0 19 o!ilogan.lb 4 0 0 9 1
Krug.cf. 3 10 11 Doyle.cf 4 0 12 1
Delms,2b 4 0 13 3 Orahm.o 3 10 3 2
WhHlen.p 4 0#l 0 8 Cutter, p. 4 0 0 0 1
Llndsy.lf 2 112 0.
Totals 34 5 10 24 10
Totals 35 7 12 27 20
RUN8 AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Then both of Truck's . two-baggers
6cored runs. Both were tremendous
drives, far out to the left garden, and
would have been home runs on a largo
field. During the entire game Egan was
much In evidence and galloped round
short field like an antelope. The score:
San FrancUco — 1 Sacramento —
ond place. In the morning
they went to the ground by a 2 to 3 score,
and again in the afternoon struggle they
were put to rout after a gallant light
and a game finish— score 7 to 5.
Fully 10,000 howling fans were at Rec
reation Park' when yesterday's game was
called, and mos=t of them were In one lit
of anxiety till the last man was called out
and the great battle came to a final close.
Baseball that 'was the real thing In every
re.«pect was handed out by the players,
and a harder fought game- was never
p'ayed at Recreation Park.
The i'core was tied twice In the first
three Innings. Then In the fourth the
Senators forged ahead by a run, the last
one they scored during the engagement.
The seventh was the gala round for the
home team. Then It was that they made
a mighty spurt and batted In a pair of
tallies which simply broke up the game.
Lfaby opened It all with a two-bagger
to center that set the crowd wild. Then
Llndsey, who had taken Pabst's place,
after the fourth, landed a short one to
center and scooted to second while they
were playing for Leahy. Cutter deliber
ately walked Krug, filling up the base?.
Then Kelly came up to the bat and the
fans began- to moan. "He hasn't got a
chance to hit It," yelled hundreds, but the
despised one, after swinging wildly at
two, smashed the ball over the first base
man's head and Leahy and Llndsey
scored. Krug tore around to third, and
he arrived with the last run of the game
on a long fly to right by Delmas.
Pabst was Injured In a mix-up at first
during the fourth Inning, so Kelly was
brought In from left field and stationed
at first, Llndsey being sent out to left.
Lynch was Buffering from a sore ankle
and did not play at all. Townsend, the
Senators' first baseman, Injured his ankle
while practicing before the game and he
was also compelled to sit on the bench.
"Truck" Egan furnished the sensation
of the day In the field and came near do
ing so with the bat. In the first Inning
L«ahy was on the Initial bag and Krug
hit the ball out beyond second. It looked
like the surest kind of a safety, but Truck
whipped the ball over to Casey and
forced Leahy at second, making, a play
that Is seldom seen on any ball field.
MIKE FISHER was handed the
cruel package twice yesterday
and no longer Is the team
which floats his colors In sec-
(Pacific Coast league.)
\V. L. Pet.) W. L. Pet.
Los Angeles.Cl 36 .021i;Oakland 44 (tt .411
Ian Fran CO 4:1 ..VS f-eattle :«S B« .4W
Jacramento .50 4:1 .50fi| Portland ....30 54 .400
.STANDING OF THE CLUBS,
, R. H. E.
Spokane 1 0 0 t'O 2 0 3 R— 12 IB 0
Seattle... 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—2 5 1
Batteries — Carney and Hanson; McCay and
Stanley.
HELENA,' Mont.. July 10. — With the score 3
to 1 In favor of 'Helena In the third Inning,
Thompcon caught a ball on 'his thumb, tearing
his hand frightfully. Wlggs waa then ' put in
the box without having .warmed up and a wild
pitch allowed the visitors to tie the score. War
ner's decisions gave the game to the visitor! in
the fifth and sixth. Score: igBBl " -
R. ¦ H. E.
San Fratclsco.. 0 0 3 1 1 1 0 0 0— H 8 «
Helena ........ 0 S 0 0 0 0 0 0 2— 5 7 5
Batteries— Borchers and Zearfoss; Thompson,
Wiggs and Carrisch; . Umpire— Warner.
SPOKANE. Wash. 1 , July 19.— Spokane bunched
their hits on McCay this afternoon in the eighth
and ninth Inning* and piled up eight ¦ runs.
Carney wan . invincible and allowed but five
scattered hits-. 'He struck out ten men. Score:
Butte 0 0 3 0 2 3 0 0 0— H 13* 2
Tacoma 4 0 0 0 2 2 0 1 x— 9 14 4
Batteries— Bandelln and Swindells; Blewett
and Byera. Umpire — Mahaffey.
SALT LAKE. Utah, July 10.— Los Angeles
took both games from Salt Lake this afternoon
by better all around playing. The locals
clubbed the Angels hard enough to win In both
criM-H, and in the tlrst game had overtaken the
visitors In the' first half of the ninth. This
game was lost mi Davis' error, which allowed
"Dad" Clark to land the winning run.
¦ The second game was a repetition of the
first. The heat waa too much for Umpire Cog-
Ian and hu retired at the end of the first game,
the second being umpired by a player from
each team. Attendance, 2000. Score:
First game— R. H. E.
Los Angeles... 3 2 0 2 4 0 10 1—13 I.'. . «
8alt Lake 2 « 100 005 4-12 17 7
Batteries— A. Hlldebrand. Thatcher and II.
Hildebrand; Helnman, Stopher and Anderson.
Umpire — Coglan.
Second game — ¦-'•¦'." R. II. E.
Los Angeles. ... 200220300— 0' lft 8
Halt 1-ike .010000034—8 9 7,
Batteries— Stricklett and Hildebrand; Parrott,
Jensen and Anderson. Umpires — Tom Kelley
and A. Hildebrand.
TA^'OMA. Wash.. July 1». — There was plentj
of exciting stick work to-day, the Tlgertown
talent placing their allotment of hits to the
best advantage. The affair was long drawn
out, extending over two hours, the ISuttes de
voting half their time to kicking and the other
half to playing ball. They had a chance In the
ninth, when KUnkle reached third, with one
out, but they could not get him home. Shaf
fer wan fined and driven oft the lot In the sixth
by Umpire Mahaffey. In the second Bandelln
ran Into Hutchlnson, Injuring the letter's knee
bo that he will he out of the game several days.
A running catch by Lawler and, I^ynch's all
a uni ml work were the features of fielding.
Score : • • • ; :
Long Game at Tacoma Has Some En
livening Incidents.
•
UMPIRE OUSTS SHAFFER.
SEATTLE, July 19.— wtieeler was put out of
the eume in . the fifth inning to-day, and be
cause neither Ilurlburt nor Newton could play
Hrst base, while Dillon tried to cover tsecond,
the locals made three runs in the fifth Inning
and won the game. Neither Corbett nor
HuKhnu pitched up to form and the game
dragged through 2 hours and 15 minutes. Score:
R. H. K.
Seattle .' 0 0 0 2 3 0 0 0 x— 5 7 «
Los Angeles..:... 2 0 0 0 10 0 1 0 — 4 H 4
Batteries— Hughes and Boettlger; Corbett
and Spie*. Umpire — McDonald. •
R. H. E.
Portland 2 0 2 0 0 0 2 0 x— 0 7 A
Oakland 10 0020000—3 » 4
Batterlea— Butler and Hess; Lee and Gorton.
Umpire — Levy.
PORTLAND. July 12.— Portland won the
game to-day by hitting the ball' at the right
time, a&Riated by Oakland's errors. Although
Oakland secured nine hits, off Butler, he kept
th»m well scattered. For hitting the umpire
In the face with h!s glove O'Hara wan put out
of tha game. Attendance, 5000. Score:
Good Flaying and Oakland's Errors
Decide the Oregon Game.
PORTLAND THE * WINNER;
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 3 0 n 0 0 1 0 1 1— «
San Francisco... 0 0. 0 0 0 2 1 0 x — 3
Base hits 00001320 x— «
\ / SUMMARY.
Stolen baxes — Meany. Delmas. Errors — Ca
sey, Hlldebrand. Kgan. Thomas. Two-base
hits — Egan. Thomas. Sacrifice hits — Hogan,
McLaughlln. First base on errors — San Fran
cisco 2. First base on called balls — Off Herr.
1; oft Thomas, 1. Left on bases — Sacramento
It. San Francisco t». Struck out — By) Herr, 1;
by Thomas, \1. Double play — Shay to Delmas.
Time of game — One hour and thirty minutes.
Umpire — O'Connell.
TORONTO WINS
FROM PROMPTO
R. B. Cornell tied W. S. MacGavin, 6-4, 5-7:
H. Gabriel beat H. Gray, ti-2, 8-1. «-0: Dr.
Lovegrove beat Mr. Palmer, tt-1. C-l; Dr. Love
grove and Mrs. Palmer beat Mr. Palmer ami
Mm. Lovegrove. 6-4. 7-5; Gabriel beat Dr. No
ble S-e. 6-2: Cornell tied N. Hodgkinson. 0-4.
3-«: A. Ames tied B. Wallace. 6-4, 6-7; R. B.
Wood beat L. Wood 5-7. 0-4, 6-0.
There will be a meeting of the execu
tive committee of the Pacific States Lawn
Tennis Association this afternoon. The
annual election of officers will be held.
The following matches were played
Many good matches were played on the
California Club courts. Ray Cornell
caused quite a surprise by playing ties
with Norman Hodgkinson and W. S. Mac-
Gavin, the veteran.
In the morning Professor Joseph Daily,
the crack professional, played an exhibi
tion match with Sherwood Adams. Daily,
contrary to expectations, was In rare
form and beat his amateur opponent
handily. Daily's cut strokes were a reve
lation to the spectators. The score In his
favor was 6-3, 6-4.
In the third set Smith and Allen ran
the score up to 6-2 In their favor and
their opponents didn't appear to have a
chance. Whitney and Brady fought dea
perately and with the aid of a little luck
at the right time pulled the score up to
6-5 In their favor. Smith and Allen again
led at 7-6. With Smith serving the odds
appeared to be all in their favor, but he
started off with' a double fault and lost
the game. The next two games and match
went to Whitney and Brady. The score
was 6-3, 3-6, 9-7.
Whitney was easily the star of the four.
With the liberal handicap allowed his
team, he took many chances and drove
beautifully.
Smith and Allen were worried by the
handicap and played too safe a game.
Smith played a very weak game, his lob
bing and volleying being poor. Allen
played his usual good game. Brady did
not win many aces, but supported his
partner very well.
As was expected, the morning match
practically decided the tournament. In
the finals with Lytton and Gayness,
Whitney and Brady won with little diffi
culty. The losers received odds of "one
half of 15" and they were undoubtedly too
small. Brady proved to be about as skill
ful as either Gayness or Lytton, while
Whitney so outclassed his opponents as
to make the match one-sided. The score
was 6-1, 1-6, 6-4, 6-2.
The first set went to Whitney and
Brady. 6-3. In the second set Smith and
Allen played their balls lower and won,
6-3.
A large crowd of spectators was treat
ed to some exciting tennis on the park
courts yesterday. The tournament honors
were carried off by Jules F. Brady and
Robert N. Whitney, who beat Stewart
Gayness and Guy Lytton In the flnals.
By far the b«st match of the touiia
ment was played in the morning, when
Whitney and Brady met Grant Smith and
Will Allen. The latter played from 15
back of scratch, while Whitney and
Brady received odds of "one-half of 15."
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club team
•hoot: First team— E. Wlion 403, B. Schul
lert« ?X.1, P. A. Paulson 380; total. 1150. Sec
ond team— W. Guild SW, L. V. Frate» 368 O.
Qluck 371; total. 1UJ8.
Company A. First Infantry. National Guard
of California, annual State tihoot, at 200, 30U
and VM .yards— Captain George T. Balllnger.
1» IN IS: LJeutenant F. Bertrand. 19. IN. 15;
Lieutenant J. A. XI. Stahl. 1*. 2<>. 17; Sergeant
.1. Murphy, lh, 17, 15; J. Rellly. 12. 14, 15;
Srigeant J. J. Brady. 8. 4. 12; Sergeant Eu-
Ktne lJouglierty. 13, 13, 15; Corporal J. Mur
doi-k t. 5 •;; Curp'.ral Joseph O'llara,, 20, 17,
14; rorporal M. J. Uuffv, 2.J, 21. VJ; Cbr|>cral
A. K. l»unnlgan. 14. IS. IX; Corporal W. It
llfU.vt. 14 18, 15; MuailcUn W. Wllliamr, 7.
11, VI; F. Bendetti. :!. 12, 14; C. H. Carcass.
15. 1». 17; W. -II. Unuty. 2. 2. 7; It. S. Knnls.
17 17 18; H. J. Ford. IS. 18. 17; P. IV. Gor
don. IS. 17, It); J. J. Hardle, 20, 17. 19; G.
T Holland. V. M. 5; F. C. Johnson 4, 0, 2; T.
11 IJnd. 10 11. 11; J. Mllfcner. IS, B, 10; C.
McKeon. 1». 17. 1U; J. Opcnahaw, 18, 15, 11;
H. E. Hhreve, 18. 1H. Hi; I.. R. Smyth, 5. 15.
11: U A. Hinlth. 11*. 14. 19; G. Tomaky, 15, 1U,
12; O. Weik. 21. lh. IS.
Troop A. First Cavalry. National Guard of
California, second Htate tstioot with revolver at
00 varda— Ueutenant F. C. Welln 44. H«rgeant
G. H*. Klddijck IS. Sergeant E. H. Carr 4tf, Ser
geant F. T. Kngle 4S. Sergeant C. A. Becker 4ti.
Sirgeant It. C. Greenlnger 4.1. Sergeant H. B.
Taylor 46, Corporal T. P. I^ehmann 41. Corpor
al U M. McKlnley 40, Con»oral W. Hutwr 4«,
Corjoral c. J. Orton 34, Corporal G. W. Pope
44. Trumj*ter S. C. Wafer 25. K. L. Oixon
F. U Hamilton IS. T. L.. McFadden 37, O. T.
Mcl)on*l<l ». J. T. Nourse 34, H. L,. Grant 2G.
J. Werner 44. W. Chrlntman 'AS; T. U. Connolly
25, J. R. Macklay SI. Ds, W. McKenzie :{», W.
V. I^awton 2- p 5. J. II. Btelnraan 41, R. G. Ross
12. B. Blc<-k 4. W. U Miller 28, A Lage 45, M.
Knau« 3. I.. C. Hawley 42. 1). M. Kant 2(1, C.
J. Ntco'.al 4.1. W. U Prater 1.1, II. L.. liptrlck
48. W. I '.a ruth 11. F. P. I tern hart 4H. G W
Iloadley &<>. A. W. Albrecht S5. J. Botey 31,
F. Barthels 40. II. G. Craraerdlng 24, II.. K.
Ward 10, M. C. Bolta 26.
Company A, First Infantry, and Troop
A. First Cavalry of the National Guard
of California, held State «=hocts i at the
Shfll Mound ranges yesterday. Kac^J
marksman exerted himself tu the utmost
In ord*r that he might make his best
possible showing on the records and the
scores In consequence were for the most
part excellent. The weather was perfect
for shooting throughout the day. Sev
eral crack shots from the Shell Mound
Pistol ar.d RiftV Club also held a con
test for special prizes. The day's scores
follow:
AT SHELI/ MOUND.
National Guardsmen in Their Annual
V Becord Shoots.
San Francipco Turner's Sfhuetzen. monthly
mivial competition— Captain F; W. Atttnger,
I7.T 213- August Jungblut. IS5; C. Abraham.
WT>. 175; F J. KUUe. 151. 174; Otto 15ur
meifcter 172 1M; •'harien Sagehorn. 152 l.".:i;
Adolph 'I'tHchlr. 1"*. 150; Joceph Straub. 1CS,
182: '*a;itain F.' Koraraer. 154. 17:i; C. Nei!yen.
14» 1€4. Drum Corps — B. Jonap. 2oM. l.*>0.
Saa Francipco Grutli Verein. monthly nvdal
fhootingr — Champion clas*, Al Gehrrt. 416;
The<nJ(j-e Simnien. HSS; A. von Wyl. :JSS; J.
Baumgartner. TJI*; John Bachmann. .'WtJ; A.
Hlntermann. S57; first clay*, ' I.. Ilauser. S57;
G Ot«I XiS; clans O. Imdorf 343;
Frank Sutrr. :C5; third class. K. Defllippi. :J2«.
Bulleeye nhootlng — First. A. von Wyl; 8«-c
ond O Or*l; third. John Bachmann; fourth,
A Hliitermann- fifth, Q. Imdorf: sixth. F.
Siiter; seventh. G. It. H»>i«r; eighth. J. Baum.
gartner: ninth. Theodore .«iir.men.
Pistol target— John C. Waller. 2S. 2«: E
Knglander -8; L J. Reubold 70; C. Zlmmer
maun. 40; Eir.il Wo<-nn:\ 4."5. SI; "William F
BlaK^e. Bl. bl ; Joseph 41. 3«; T. J
Carroll. 05. 78.
Chi-i? Meyer 70. John T.. I'tschlif 14fl. Otto
Bremer 172 A. r=trocker 245 Kmil Woenne
:*8. I-. J. Reubold 40t. George Ahrens 451.
Joseph Mruuii 4.S7 A! Gehret SIS \V. K.
B!si>se C5<! Adolnh" Itschig 0<i2 G. Or»l 722.
Geottse Kirchmiller Sr. 7.*»S. Captain F. \V.
Attlnffer X44. C. von Hartwig l(Rfl». A. von
Wyl 10S2. F. Suter IK*. M. Reubold 121S,
(rtto Burmeister K'.Ofi T J. Carroll 1328 Is.
Thi^rtach 1455. John Hachmann 1344. J. C.
Waller 1574 A Bert-lsen 15H4. Charlen Kagf
horn 1C59. Cadets— Frank Bertelsen 194. F.
H Bremer 1012.
California Schuetien Club, monthly bullseye
shooting: Otto Bremer 172, Frank Bertelsen
(cartet) 194. .lohn l~ ftsrhlg 14<i. Chris Meyer
7». k. J'.( ;:l • hi 404. E. Woenne :S8, George Ah
rens 4.M. William F. Blaf-se tEHi. Charles von
liartwlg 1(IR». Al Oehret 318. Joseph Straub
4S7, Adolph l't»chig tfd. George Klschmlller
?r. 7.V\ K. W. Attin<«r N44. Frank Bremer
(cadet) 1012. T. J. Carroll 1328, M. Reubold
12UL Frank Suter .Its. A. von Wyl 10&1. Otto
Burmei5t»r 1304, J. C Waller 1574. John Bach
inann lo-U A. B»rtel.«en IBM, Charley Kage
horn 1C5U. II. Di^hl 1C»O. A. Rahwyler lS7.t.
Louis Thi*r».ach 1453. C. Zimmermanr. l«02. H.
Kckmann COM. Phllo Jacoby 2f«3. Captain J.
i:. Klein 21T.S. C. M. Rousfeau 2(«W. II. Sch«u
i:ert 2170. August Junchlut 'JJM. Kd Knglander
25M), William Khrenrifort 1'714, George Orsi
722, A. Strecker 2*5.
The prize winners follow In their re
spective order:
Al Gehrct, in the medal shooting of the
same club, carried off the champion class
medal with a score of 416 rinss.
Captain F. W. .-itunger was high man
in the medal competition of the San Fran
cisco Turners Schuetzen, with a score of
213 rincs in ten shots.
Following are the scores of the different
contestants:
In the bullscye contest of the Grutli
Club A. von Wyl led his competitors, with
G. Orsi a close second.
Al Gehrot In the Fame contest did excel
lent shooting, making fifteen bullseyes In
hfs string. He was closely followed by
A. Strecker. who made fourteen bulls-
A large number of marksmen assembled
at Schuetzrn Park yesterday to take part
In the different shooting contests. The
weather conditions were all that could be
looked for to aid good marksmanship, as
the lisrht was clear and a steadv wind
prevailed to carry away the powder
smoke from the range. ¦ •:' -i>
Chris Meyer, the well-known champion,
was high man In the California Schuetzen
bullseje shooting, making the excellent
score of 70 points, being cqua. to .070
of an inch from a true center. This Is the
best bullpeye made so far this year and no
doubt will stand high for some time to
After .the regatta committee— consist-
Ing of T. J. Kavanaugh. P. .. Marten
stein and J. K. Bulger— had calculated
out the results the prizes were presented
by Commodore E. F. Sagar to the win
ners. The full results are shown In the
table:
CORINTHIAN TACIIT CLUB AXXUAI*
HANDICAP RACE.
Brickell''and Bowes* sloop Genesta won
first prize In the annual handicap race of
the Corinthian Yacht Club yesterday, fin
ishing one minute ahead of the sloop
Ruby and three minutes and a half ahead
of the sloop Sea Fox. Twenty-four Tacht»
entered the race, each receiving a handi
cap based on her previous performances.
At noon the yachts anchored on an imag
inary line drawn from Wheelers Point,
Belvedere, to the Tlburon ferry slip, on
the outer edge of the bar. The regatta
committee started the yachts one at a
time, giving each Its handicap at the
start, m he whole fleet constituted one
class and the yacht finishing first toolc
first place the yacht finishing second won
second place, and so on. Each yacht
started at notice from the caramlttee.
and might sJId or welch anchor at the
option of Its skipper. The course was to
and round Blossom Rock buoy, leaving
the southeasterly spar buoy on the star
board hand: thence to and round Pre
sidio Shoals buoy, leaving the same on
the starboard hand; thence to and across
an Imaginary line drawn between tw«
stake boats anchored outside the bar on
the club house.
Few of the small yachts of the neei
started The little yawl Caprice sailed
out Into the channel, but found the seas
too heavy and did not complete the
course. The sloop Amlgo carried away
her bowsprit shrouds and retired from
the race. Espy carried off the Jaws of
the gaff just as she rounded Presidio
Shoal buoy, but completed the course.
The little sloop Elsie lost a man over
board and returned to pick him up, los
ing so much time that she was distanced.
Cupid and Edna made poor starts, not
being up at the line at the time at which
they were notified to cross It.
The sloop Harpoon, sailed by Fred
Cook, made the fastest time— 1 hour 47
minutes' 8 seconds — over the course,- and
received a special prize. Genesta, which
finished first, won a pair of marine
glasses. The following yachts also won
prizes In the order na*ned: Ruby. Sea
Fox, Mlgnon, Discovery. Hcrpoon, Phoe
nicia, Speedwell. Cupid, Emma, Neva.
Arcturus. Sans Soucl, Espy, Neptune and
Edna. The prizes consisted of coils of
rope, side lights, cr.ns of copper paint,
boxes of supplies and other articles.
In the channel the wind was strong and
the water somewhat rough for the small
craft. Genesta after rounding Blossom
Rock buoy, stood well over toward Al
catraz, as also did the sloops Ruby. Dis
covery, Sea Fox, Mlgnon, Josle. Harpoon
and some others. This course proved
more advantageous than that of making
short tacks close along the Presidio
shore.
Smith. IMnky IS.
Hnrr—nr. Clark. Qniek
•tllvrr !>op. Ten n y Belle.
Third Race— Tfogra, Alflo, pi.
ratrnr.
Fourth Knee — Lleht Opera, Doc
«!;<<•. I.r.ilv Sirathmors,
Fifth ir*ce— Clifton Forare. J - e
lt.»iir. Ineolthrlft.
fl»th Racf Bdgardo, De Retike,
ST. LOL'IS SEL,ECTIOXJ«.
'By th« New Tork Telegraph.)
Eixth race, one and ¦ sixteenth miles sell-
Jng— Orpbfum 02. Edgardo 100. De Re«zke 10«
Montana Peeress 86, Tlckful 100 W b'
Gates 100. ' .
Fourth race^ one mile und seventr yards
porse— Doefkln !«4. Lljrhl Opera 100., Maud
•Jmw 104. Ptar Gazer t>6. Lad; Strathmore 107
Fifth raco. five furJonca. purse — Mendon 1OO
Metklrk 10S. Jehan* 105. Scalper 10S Clifton
Forge 108. Lustig 109. Buglrr 108, Tokelon 105
Jngolthrlft 108.
Third race, one mile, pum* — Howling Dervish
102. Alfio ICO. Tioga 100, A. Lark 105, Plra
tffr 105. .
Second race. «lx and a half furlongs, sell-
Ing — !>>Iia Iiarr U!2. Hanan 104 Pay the Fid
dler 104. Armand 1O». l»rd Neville 112. Tenny
Belle 1>7. Amenfim 107. Quicksilver S* 100,
Fa»;ulta \U\. Dr. Claric V». Grantor 104, Welles
ley 1<>4.
BT. "l.Ol'LS. July l'J. — The entires for to-
Oiorrow are :
Flr«t nn, four and a half furlongs, sell
ing — Ann Dear US, I'lark Unouxti 103, Hdna
Daniels 100. I{. gira D 105, «>ue W 105. Bush
8mith 1CS, By Rigiu 1C.V Alleurette 106, Min
nie Jchneon 105. Anna Hardy 95, Soson 100,
Pinky B IM, Canota 10T..
ST. LOUIS EUTBIES.
PI1AW TIIOIIVK bKLKCTIOXS.
'By the Chicago Inter O'-ean.)
KlrMt Ha<-r CruMiiun, l/ICtreiitie,
A.' I). UIItKun.
S>nond Itncc 1'ullelH, Or, \o*V
lln. Alma «ilrl.
Third Hn.-e — Had \riri, Dirk
\\VII<-«. Uflirc
Koartli liner— ll«rul«. l.tn-leii Ap>
pl*-li>. Il**Hkl«> >!«¦( until.
Fifth llucf ll.'i.MTard Hunter,
< ompRBN. l.ftl.-i r<-.
Miith Ua<-« l.ulr. Cienlun Mar,
Grrrnai'k, •• '
Sixth race, tlnef-quarters of a mile— ErmacK
107. Kveninjt Star W7. Rl Ah 1(»7. I.ute 1C7.
6omeri«aii!t Hi7. Myda 107. Muranda li» Gra
rious 1U«. S«-!;«tor Miitts 111. Tro* 111.' King
Hex 112. Sr.ar;ii»-y* 114 Greenoek 114 Jamrs
3 Ccrbrtt 11*.
Third rice, one n>!»e. Premier BLaUfs — Sir
Hugh H4. Organdie H>T. Maxey Hlumenthal
19S, laip. i5f-G»» 1C7. Gilfaln 107, Pcslna 112.
:..!••:¦.,¦• 112. Had News 114. Portniai-tfr
Wright 117. Olefiant 117. Dtck We|!e» 122.
Gr«-*ror K 114. (Couple organdie and Orelna
IJnd entri^.»
Fourtb race, one and a. sixteenth "mile* —
ITersie^ McCarthy H7. HargiK 107. l.ucien Apple.
F.fth r»r*_ r.tie and a quarter miles, purse —
Comraps «rt Prinro Bias** M, Myth «5 IJttle
Klkln 0.* Rarrica !Mj. Erne w»< Haywaril Hun
ter ?«fl. I^-flare »a. Ou-^n Victoria 1(M» Marcus
101. Goldara 101.
¦ Second rare, short course Kie^|ilt-c!ia>''e — Al
ma Glri iT.t. faul Ak. r 1S<t, Indian II 130.
Fk>p«1ash 133, .Sr,ur* US Fallela 1ST, Joe lic
ti-r !::••. Dr. :»u» !ln 141. (Vylun 144. Impe
rialist IM. (Alaia Girl mid Paul Aker. Brad-
Jey entries; J<h- lieli,* anJ Dr. Nowlin Car
ruli's <titries.)
OnCAOO. July 19.— Haw-thorn?' entries for
llnnday are:
Firet race, three-quarters of a mile— Ran
Oallan 95. £chwalU- H)2 St. Tammany H»4.
1/Ktrrnne Ui4. Fcx i'Jyer 1<)4. Paul Whaley
1«« A. I>. <iilx«.ii LfH(; Huk Tug 107 John
Petals 1<)T. Cruzadop Ii»T.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
FIrwt Hare Klun Rainr, Dark
I'lnnel. \odo.
*i«»eon<l Knpr Tanknrd, Wool
Catlicrer. «..»Jd lta>.
I'hlrd llni-t* Tia'al »«•>. AKnn »,
Lord OadKe.
I"«mrtli Itiiff Mm in I.- Worlb, Vlr«
tin Soil. Grnvlna.
Klflh line** — Jim eria! Mailm, drrat
C'roKulDK, Viiliuw. ',..¦¦
Mxtli Itator — Hoelm rapton. In
iinihK<-i7. HurolIiiMiriif.
nniGUTo\ ni: \< ii bklbctioxs,
(By t'he Sew York Tfl-graph.)
Sixth race, one an3 a sixteenth miles "
year-olds and ui>— Ifiir*tnr,nrn* 114. Klver' Pi
rare 114. T'nmarkej in. Sam Craig 111. Hyland
MS*, Ivfng < *s rti?r !K<, <J*«>ur*t**ri*oti i p Ifli < "omsoatf*
WT. Rixhair.j>ton 114. Fatire 114.
¦ Fifth race, fiv«» and a half furlongw. 2-year
olds — St. Koma lit*. !,-i ¦¦¦ m.m KG. Tithonle 1U2
fVntaur 11«>. Tomood 102. Kaee Kin* 122 Head
Lad 1««. Marrow let. Mohave 102. Bouvier M,
Dufky tf.l. L^ithcrcn 1(12, Tlie Buck 102 Great
Orctstnir «0. \Vat»rn>out M2. Juvenal Mailm
K>2. Pn.-tina '..:«.
NEW YOIIK. July VJ.— Brighton's entries for
JJrrday are:
First race, or.* and a yirtecnth mile?, celling
— Rostand »2. s=vrlin Id4. Serliticn 101. Chicle
«1. Aihany Girl M4. Carroll 1) IM Anklet M.
Karly Kve I«i2. Kin? Oartf-r ML Val..-! liiclia'-'J
non !«.. Mary Worth l<x». i '..MeKian 105. King
Kaine lit. Turnpike Ml Xodo N!», Neither One
1O1. l>ark rianrt 104.
Second ra<*. attout two milMi. short couriu>
ftec-plechaw. handicap — T«-n Candles l."»s. Wool
catliervr 15i. Ohnet US. Tankard 14«. George
Keene IS, Bounder 130. Bob Alone 13T». Caller
1ST, Fabiu* Via. Gold Kay 134. Perlon 132. Gas
gar 13it. Memorii>t ISO.
Third rare, one mile anJ a furlon*. hanj>aj;
— Bon Hot I2S. H'rnwll 115. llackry Dwyer
112. I51a<k !Ii^-:-.i 11(». \V. It. Condon i<!». I/Hd
Badge lit:. Int«>r\u! i>"5!. Ai-r.-- 1) 108, Tugui
liey BC. Fauleonliridge OX
Kcurth race. ».u lurl<>nr». S*a Gull Stakes —
Double H.f, our Nugjcet 112. Kuturlta
U#. Roretlnt 121. Gravina 103, Anarita 121,
Eva Kus^ll tOt, StarnjiSnic Ground 10H. Mi**
Dorothy KV. Mary Street 10!». Daisy Green 121
Virpin Soil US*. Mamie Worth 112"
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, July JS.-During the Wash
ington Park meeting John A. Drake and
John W. Gates lost more than J2SO.00D
¦according to a report in circulation among
>; v :.:: ~ men who aie in a. position to
Know. Both pentlemen leave for Brighton
IJtach to-morrow and both hope to even
ui/ matters with the Kastcrn bookmakers.
Beth have expressed their intention ol
backing McChesney In the match race
against Walerboy. and the force of their
money, tomblned with that of E. E.
Smathers, owner of McChesney, is ex-
T>oct*d to send the Western horse to the
IK'St a favorite.
reer.
McChesney needs considerable more
Work than his rival, but this does not
mean he cannot be made absolutely fit by
W'-dnesday afternoon. From preptnt in
dications there will be no other Ptarters
in the big race, which will be not only a
suurco of patisfaction to the public, but
also to the Brighton management.
It will fimply bo a case of hors" 1 against
horse, with no element of trouble to
create a scandal. There will be no
bumping or fouling, but a fair and square
test of the respective qualities of the two
bem race horses in this country.
NEW YOnK. July I9.-Tr-.ls Is the last
•reek of Brighton's midsummer meeting
and !t hu's fair to be a mtmorable one
la the anna!s of th« turf. The clear
weather of to-day encouraged those who
are closely Identified with the match rare
between Watrrboy and McChrsney. which
v.-ill be run on \\>d::esdny. for they know
that a continuance of favorable weather
means a last track, even as early a? te
inorrow. Both horse? will probably be
worked to-morrow. Waterboy is alrtady
on odpe and docs not nerJ much work to
put him right. The Watercress horse has
bet-n in syK-nOid shape all season and
Trainer Joyner paid to-day he wa« ready
now to run th*.- greatest race of his ca-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Indications Are That There
Will Be Only the Two
Starters.
Joe Daily Defeat3 Adams in
an Exhibition
Game.
Harpoon Captures Special
Prize for Fastest Time
Over Course.
Clear Day and Ju£t Enough
Wind Are Helpsto the
Marksmen.
McChesney Needs Con
siderable More Work
Than Rival^
Chris*Meyer Sends One
Almost Directly Into
Center.
He and Partner Win
Finals in the Park
Tournament.
Two Dozen Corinthian
Craft Compete in
Pretty Event.
WATERBOY READY
FOR MATCH RACE
BEST BULLSEYE
FOR THIS YEAR
WHITNEY PLAYS
SUPERB TENNIS
GENESTA WINS
HANDICAP RACE
SAN FRANCISCO TAKES BOTH GAMES FROM SACRAMENTO
Home Team Gains Second Place by Beating the Senators
in Two Lively Gontests— Kelly Becomes Idol of the
> Crowd When His Timely Hit Scores Winning Runs
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, .JULY 20, .1903.
6ASTORIA— Arrived July IS— 6tmr George W
Elder, hence July 17.
'Ealiea Ju!y 1»— Br irtmr Oakley, for .
OCEAN FTEAMEU.
SOCTHAMPTON— failed Jury 13— Stmr Bur
fcaretsa, from Bremen, for New York.
Ah Joy, alias Lung Tal, was arrested
yesterday afternoon by Patrolman John
Fleming on Kearny street and booked at
the City Prison on a warrant from San
Jose on a charge of murder, alleged to
have occurred two years ago. While
Fleming was patrolling his beat, Mah
Sing, a Chinaman from ' Montana, ap
proached the officer and called his atten
tion to Ah Joy, who, he maintained, was
wanted in San Jose for murder. Ah Joy
was placed under arrest and upon inves
tigation it was found that a warrant of
arrest was in possession of the local po
lice department The authorities at the
Garden City were communicated with
and an officer from that place will take
him back for trial if he proves to be the
man wanted.
Think They Have Murderer.
Chicago 8 11 2
Pittuburg .6 - 9 1
Batteries— Taylor and Kllng; T. Doheny and
Weaver. Umpire— Moran. . .
. NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. July 19.— Cincinnati easily
took both games from Philadelphia to-day. Both
or the visiting pitchers were hit hard and fre
quently. The second game waB called in th«
seventh inning to give the Phlladelphians time
to catch their train. Donlln was hit on the
hand by a pitched ball and had u« retire from
the game. Attendance. 16,000. Score:
First game— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 9 14 4
Philadelphia B 6 3
Batteries— Poole and Bergen; Dugleby. Roth
and Dooln. Umpire — Johnstone.
8econd game — R. II. E.,
Cincinnati v 7 11 o
Philadelphia 4 8 3
Batteries— Suthoff and Bergen; Fraaer and
Dooln. Umpire— Johnstone.
ST. LOUIS. July 19.— St. Louis won an up
hill ten Inning game from Brooklyn to-day. In
the early stages it looked as though Brooklyn
would win hands down, but the local team
rallied In the ninth and tied the score by bat
ting In two runs. In the tenth inning a double
by Smoot and Gadclay's single after two were
out settled the game in the locals' favor. At
tendance, 9174. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 6 6 2
Brooklyn , 4 8 4
Batteries— M. O'Neill and J. O'Neill; Jones
and Rltter. Umpire— O'Day.
CHICAGO. July 10.— The locals won to-day's
game by clever playing. They batted Doheny
hard, ran bases cleverly and took advantage of
every mlsplay. • Plttsburg could do nothing
with Taylor until, after the game had been
practically won by Chicago. Attendance. U.-
CINCINNATI TAKES TWO
GAMES FROM PHILADELPHIA
Rev. A. McLean of Cincinnati, Ohio, na
tional president of the Christian Church
Missionary Organization, preached this
evening at the First Christian Church.
Rev. F. J. Mynard conducted services
to-day at St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
Rev. George C. Adams, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of San
Francisco, occupied the pulpit to-day at
the First Congregational Church. ¦
Rev. N. C. Ganse preached to-day at
Oak Congregational Chapel.
Rev. Fred Johnston of Berkeley offi
ciated to-day at Centennial Presbyterian
Church.
Dr. E. H. Avery conducted services to
day at Brooklyn Presbyterian Church.
At the First Unitarian Church In Berke
ley services will be resumed August 2 by
Rev. F. L. Hosmer, who will on that day
dedicate the new church organ. .
During the evening services at the
Twenty-third-avenue Baptist Church Rev.
A. W. Rider gave an account of tne re
cent national Baptist anniversary, which
was hkld at Buffalo. N. Y.
Rev. E. R. Dille to-day resumed serv
ice sat the First Methodist Church after
an absence on vacation. The choir will
take up its work August 2 and the Sun
day following ii is expected that the new
organ will be Installed and dedicated.
Rev. George B. Vosburgh, D. D., pastor
of the First Baptist Church of Denver,
Colo., one of the strongest societies of the
denomination, preached to-day from the
pulpit of the First Baptist Church, at
Masonic Hall, of which the visiting cler
gyman's brother, Rev. H. J. Vosburgh, is
pastor. This evening the last named
minister began a series of sermons on
"The Model Home," taking for his open
ing topic "The Model Husband." On
Wednesday evening the Rev. Alexander
Blackburn, D. D.. of Portland, Or., will
give an address at prayer meeting.
Mr. and Mrs. W. V. Baker, blind gos
pel singers, took part to-day in the serv
ices at the First Methodist Church.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 19.
Visiting Pastor Speaks
Prom His Kinsman's
Pulpit.
PUEBLO. Colo., July 19.— Garton. first
baseman of the Barnett team of Denver,
to-day made a triple play unassisted in
the game with the Colorado Fuel and Iron
team on the local grounds. Bryerly of the
locals knocked a liner to first, which Gar
ton caught. Lee left first base under the
Impression that a clean hit had been made
and was touched with the ball by Garton.
Krowell, a runner on second base, had
got so near to third that Garton was able
to run to second base and put him out.
This is the fifth single-handed triple play
that Is recorded. Garton was formerly
with the Denver Western League team.
Makes Triple Play Unassisted.
TERRE HAUTE. July 19.— Andrew J. Craw
ford. . aged t'l> years, a millionaire iron manu
facturer and coal operator, died to-day.
PLATT FAVORS ALDRICH
FOB THE VICE PRESIDENCY
Believes That the Outlook is Promis
ing for the Senator From
Rhode Island.
NEW YORK, July 19.— The World to
morrow will say that United States Sena
tor Aldrlch of Rhode Island is Senator
Thomas C. Platt'a nominee for Vice Presi
dent; that the selection was made to
night at the Oriental Hotel, Manhattan
Beach, and that Senator Platt also named
Chicago as the convention city. After re
marking that Senator Platt is widely
known as a maker of Vice Presidents and
that he named Mr. Roosevelt for second
place in 1900, the World adds:
So far as it Is generally known Mr. Platt
has not any ill feeling against Senator Aldrlch
and is not trying to sidetrack him. but really
wants him as Vice President because he
thinks he would make a good man for the
place.
Senator Platt is quoted as saying of
Senator Aldrlch:
i The outlook for him Is promising now that
Governor Yates has removed himself from con
sideration.
ARMY OFFICER HURLED
FROM TRAIN PLATFORM
Major Foster Receives Serious In
juries in an Accident in
Colorado.
PUEBLO, Colo., July 19.— Major Foster
of the United States army was thrown
from a Colorado Midland train at Colo
rado Springs to-night as the train was
rounding a curve, and it Is believed he Is
seriously injured. He was standing on
the rear platform at the time the acci
dent occurred. The major was on his way
to Denver from the Philippine Islands to
attend a court martial.
Elks Are Gathering at Baltimore.
BALTIMORE, July 19.— Large numbers
of Elks from various parts of the country
arrived to-day for the national convention
of Elks, which will begin to-morrow. It
Is estimated that 10,000 visitors have al
ready arrived. Public and private build
ings have. been lavishly decorated, arches
and courts of honor erected and to-night
the streets' In the central section of the
city are brilliantly illuminated.
Fish Supply of Hawaii Threatened.
HONOLULU. July 19.— A petition is to
be sent to Washington askinsr for the
passage of a law to protect the fish sup
ply of :. the islands. . The legislation de
sired is In accordance with the recom
mendations. of the United - States -Fish
Commission, the Intention being to pro
hibit the use of the dose' mesa nets by'
Japanese fishermen. "¦:¦: ¦ - ' <i .--
Victim of Negro Assailant Will Die.
MONTEVIDEO, Minn., July 19.— Miss
Helen Olsen, who was murderously as
saulted in her home at Watson by a ne
gro named Jackson, is still alive to-night,
but the doctors say she will die. Jackson,
who was captured Saturday night and
taken to the Glencoe jail, made a com
plete confession of the crime. There was
no excitement at Glencoe and everything;
is quiet at Montevideo.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
PHILADELPHIA, July 19. — John Brechtold
lost his life to-day while assisting a, sick wo
man at Augustine beach. He dived into Dela
ware River In order to wet a handkerchief.
The water was shallow and his neck was
broken.
ST. JOIINSBURT. Vt.. July 19.— Judge
Henry C Ide of the Philippine Commission.
who has been spending the past month at his
home here, has engaged his return passage to
Manila on the Coptic, sailing from San, Fran
cisco August 13.
SOFIA, July 19. — The number of domiciliary
visits and many arrests have been made as th«
outcome of the theft of sixty rifles from tn«
military arsenal here by members of the Mace
donian committee, with the complicity of the
master armorer.
ST. LOUIS. July 19.— The condition of the-
Rev. Henry MuehUlpen, Vicar Oenerml of ths
Catholic archdiocese of St. Louis, who has
been 111 for about six months. U now extremely
serious, and It is feared that he may not live
through the week.
The Imparcial, commenting upon the
speech, says it constitutes a categorical
declaration of a Franco-Spanish alliance.
MADRID, July 19.— The King has ap
proved the new Cabinet which has been
constituted by Marquis Villaverde as fol
lows: Premier, Marquis Villaverde; For
eign Minister, Count San Bernardo; Min
ister of Justice, Senor Buganal; Minister
of Finance, Senor Besada; Minister of
War, General Martltegul; Minister of the
Navy, Senor Estram; Minister of Interior.
Senor Garcia Alix; Minister of Public In
struction, Senor Osma; Minister of Agri
culture, Senor Gassot.
Former Premier Silvela, who submitted
his resignation, together with that of the
Cabinet, on Saturday, In his speech on
that day declared that Spain's interests
in the Moroccan question required her to
have a strong army and navy. He advo
cated an alliance with France to preserve
as far as possible the status quo in
Morocco.
Former Premier tfSilvela Intimates
That a Franco-Spanish Alli
ance Has Been Formed.
KING CARLOS APPROVES
OF THE NEW CABINET
His abstemious habits are well known. He
has never given way to excess of any kind.
And his days have been long In the land and
his fight against death most glorious because
of his strong constitution, founded upon his
temperate, self-denying life.
His Industry should be copied. The' Im
mense volume of work which he was enabled
to accomplish, often laboring far Into the
night and uu before daybreak, testifies to his
marvelous genius for work. Ills loyalty to hla
church is worthy of our emulation and his real
piety may well be an example to us. Leo's
virtues are personal and his faults- are eccle
elastical.
Ths picture presented at the sick bed of the
illustrious "prisoner in the Vatican" la one
to excite our heartfelt pity. Lives of great
men teach us by both their successes and their
failures, by their virtue* and their faults.
I.*o's virtues are personal. Ills kindness to
those about him and his uniform gentleness
and tact with his inferiors are proverbial. If
we would have those to genuinely mourn our
death let us remember that "kind words can
never die" and that gentleness and sympathy
pay large dividends in friendships and at
tachments to make happy our lives.
The spirit of humanity of Leo is apparent In
all his writings — in his poems, essays and offi
cial paper*. Through all there breathes a
genuine love for his kind that ennobles him in
our eyes and makes his death a real loss to the
world.
Although in opposition to the faith of
which Pope Leo XIII is the supreme
earthly representative, the Rev. Clifford
N. Hand, acting pastor of the First Free
Baptist Church, to-night extolled the per
sonal virtues of the Pontiff. In a dis
course, the subject of which was "Les
sons from the Life of Pope Leo XIII,"
the clergyman said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 19.
Whistler's Death Came Unexpectedly.
LONDON, July 19.— It is ascertained
that the late James McNeill Whistler, the
eminent American artist, died under pe
culiarly distressing circumstances. He
had been ill for a year. His condition
had improved to such an extent that he
was ordered to go for a drive. As he
was about to leave his house in Chelsea
he was seized with a fit. He recovered
temporarily but was the victim of an
other paroxysm from which he died.
Three eminent London physicians were
summoned at the first attack, but they
were unable to afford any relief.
OAKLAND, July 19.— The recent pur
chase by the Santa Fe Company of the
Irregular piece of property extending from
the new pier of the Oakland, San Fran
cisco and San Jose Railroad Company to
the Judson Iron Works, and formerly
owned by the Judson Company, gives the
railroad company the right to fill in the
water front as far out as the Government
bulkhead, or in this instance nearly a
mile from the present shore line.
The tract of land purchased lies to the
west of the Southern Pacific tracks, and
is 390 feet east and west, and 275 feet on
one side by 150 feet on the other. The
Realty Syndicate will no doubt com
bine with the Santa Fe in making the
fill In order to create dockage facilities.
The roundhouse to be constructed at
the Emeryville terminus of the Santa Fe
will be as large as any on the Pacific
Coast, and will exceed In size that of the
Southern Pacific Company at West Oak
land. It will be constructed in the arc
of a circle of 165 feet radius, with stalls
70 feet deep. The turntable will be 73
feet in diameter. At the west of the
roundhouse a "Y" will be built, the point
of which will run up Hubbard street to
the racetrack, in order to facilitate the
shipping of horses during the racing sea
son. . C^wvJ
Company Controls Strip of Water
Front From New Pier to Jud
son Iron Works.
BIG TRACT OF LAND
' PURCHASED BY SANTA FE
LAUDS VIRTUES
OF DYING POPE
ROME, July 20—9:35 a. m.— The
following medical bulletin has just
been issued:
"During the night the Holy Fath
er rested only at short intervals. His
general condition remains , grave.
Pulse 94, respiration 32, temperature
36.2 centigrade. LAPPONI,
"MAZZONI."
Hourdet says the description of the ac
cused Frenchmen corresponds with these
men. His wife, however, is less afflrma
tlve. Another point which has been
brought out Is that the Hourdets are dis
satisfied with the sum of $100,000 given by
Mrs. Vanderbilt and Mrs. Oehichs for
their cares In connection with the acci
dent.
PARIS, July 20.— The papers to-day
again devoted considerable space to the
Fair case. Le Journal publishes a new
interview with Mme. Hourdet. who with
her husband continues to assert that they
did sot see any bicyclists on the day of
the accident. A new feature in the case
is the Hourdets' assertion that two cyclists
stopped before the house on the day fol
lowing the accident and looked In through
a window of the room where the corpses
were lying, one remarking, "That is Fair.
I knew him well in Paris."
NEW FEATURE IN FAIR
CASE BROUGHT TO LIGHT
GIVES SERMON
FOR A BROTHER
Mr. Beatie's father, Walter C. Beatie,
was at one time one of the foremost men
in Oakland, being prominently connected
with the Contra Costa Water Company.
The senior Beatles now reside in San
Francisco. Mr. Beatie. though still very
young, has made for himself an .enviable
position In the business world.
As soon as Mr. and Mrs. Beatie return
from their honeymoon trip they will make
their home in San Francisco, whence they
will send the formal announcement of
their marriage to the many friends they
had originally planned to invite as guests
to their wedding In October.
OAKLAND, July 19.— The many
friends of Miss Lena M. Nelson
and Clifford C. Beatie will read
with surprise the announement of
their marriage to-day in San
Francisco. Their engagement was an
nounced some months ago and the wed
ding was to have been an October event,
but the groom having recently accepted a
position with the Pacific Hardware and
Steel Company in San Francisco which
will necessitate an extended southern trip,
the young people decided to make it a
honeymoon tour and enjoy it tog'ether.
The ceremony took place in the parlors
of the Westminster Presbyterian Church,
the pastor. Rev. Hugh Gilchrist, of
ficiating. No one but the respective
parents of the bride and groom had been
taken into their confidence.
Both Mr. and Mrs. Beatie are well
known in Oakland, the bride, a tall and
very attractive blonde, being the daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. M. Nelson and being an
heiress in her own right to considerable
property. She is a most charming girl
and enjoys unusual popularity in the so
cial set.
WASHINGTON, July 19.— Deputy United
States Marshals Charles E. Herron and
D. W. Dwyer of Alaska arrived here to
day from New York. They had in charge
James C. Beasley of Nome, who Is being
taken back to Alaska. Beasley, together
with a Mr. Burns, had a contract to erect
a telegraph line for the United States In
Alaska. Beasley had charge of the busi
ness. The credit of the firm was consid
ered good, and when the checks purport
ing to be drawn by the firm were pre
sented for payment in San Francisco at
the army paymaster's office the signa
tures on two of them were found to be
forgeries. These checks were Indorsed, it
is asserted by Beasley for the firm of
Beasley & Burns. The Government has
decided to hold Beasley responsible for
the sum represented by the checks, which
foot up about $7000. Beasley was found by
the Marshals in South Africa, where he
had been for two years engaged In oper
ating in mines. When arrested he
promply expressed a desire to have the
matter cleared up to the satisfaction of
the Government.
Checks to Which Signatures
Had Been Forged.
ALASKAN CONTRACTOR
IS ACCUSED OF FRAUD
Charge Is Made That He Issued
The main points to which Smith takes
exception are Proctor's attack on the
classification of persons at postofflces on
the establishment of free delivery and the
alleged "packing" of the rural free deliv
ery division of the department in antici
pation of Its classification.
On the first point Smith say* the law
provides for classified postofflces when
the receipts reach a fixed sum a year, and
on the second point he states that tho
statute, not the department, puts the
clerks of the new free delivery offices into
the classified service.
PHILADELPHIA. July 19.— Former
Postmaster General Charles Emory Smith
has written a letter to Postmaster Gen
eral Payne In reply to a communication
sent to the Postmaster General by John
R. Proctor, president of the Civil Service
Commission, in which the latter criticized
the administration of Smith during his
term as Postmaster General.
REPLIES TO CRITICISM
ON HIS ADMINISTRATION
Former Postmaster General Smith
Denies That He Packed the Free
Delivery Division.
"Some time ago C L. Dagrett and a
Mr. Ovrrton, who hold a two-flfths inter
est in the Pacific Oyster Company, came
to us and made an offer for our oyster
beds. They said they wished to go more
deeply Into the cultivation of oy6ters.
They made us an offer, which we refused.
Then a few days ago the sloop, with the
ermed men on board, sailed In and took
possession. We were unable to get any
ratisfaction from the men. but we served
them with a written notice to leave, in
order to protect our rights. We were just
considering calling upon the Sheriff to
dispossess them as trespassers when we
received anotne-r call from Mr. Overton,
who egain made us an offer for the land.
"We are not going to stand any forcible
anft armed reizure of our property, and
this is a very remarkable proceeding in
this day."
"An effort has been made to Jump 1500
acres cf our property, and some one, sup
poeed to be the Pacific Oyster Company,
has got a sloop anchored over our oyster
bec> with guards on It.
"When the Legislature passed the oys
ter bed law* my father filed upon about
1500 acres, complied with the law and
planted it with oysters. We have held
undisputed possersion for years and we
deny any defect in the title.
Gova Roberts, the son o* Captain John
Roberts, said to-night:
BEADY TO FIGHT.
The people who have long held these
cyster beds are very much excited over
the condition of affairs and the presence
of the strange sloop In the waters of tne
bay.
When the oyster beds of this section
v.ere originally planted there was little
effort to make them a general commercial
proposition. Those who secured water
front lands under the laws which permit
ted the taking possession cf this kind of
property in consideration of the planting
cf ovrter beds were careless and did not
strictly comply with the law. It is now
raid that the men who have uent the
armed eloop to seize this property have
had a careful search made of the titles to
all of this property, and they have secured
enough evidence to show that they could
take possession of this land by force, and
have a very good chance to hold it tinder
the law. It is even eald that a company
has been Incorporated under the laws of
Nevada and that the seizure is being
made in the name of that company, bo
that litleation will be taken out of the
courts of Alameda County, where the
property is located # and thrown into the
Federal courts.
PURPOSE TO USE FORCE.
Some time ago efforts were made by E
L. Daggett and L. W. Smith of San Fran
cisco to secure control of some of the
oyster titles In this section. Agents of
these gentlemen vlElted the members of
¦what is known as the San I>andro Oyster
Company, composed of Socrates Huff A
fi. Gooch and T. W. Mulford. and wanted
to purchase their property. They refused
to sell, and it is now believed that the
*ame gentlemen who were anxious to
purchase at that time are determined to
pet Dossession of some of this valuable
property if they have to secure it through
f!aws in the local titles.
The property that the armed sloop has
teized lies just south of the claim of what
Is known as the San Leandro Oyster Com
pany, and a rough estimate of what has
been surveyed is that 2000 acres of tide
land has been taken up. Where the lines
Of the purveyors run is also somewhat un
certain, but they are said to include lands
DOW claimed by Captain Roberts of Rob
erts Landing, Henry Marlln, Mrs. G.
Marlin and others.
The mystery that surrounds the move
ments of the vessel and the men, the re
fusal to allow communication with those
on board and the warlike character of
the crew all goes to add to the general
excitement. The men have nothing to do
with the shore, and they are going about
their work in a very business like man
ner. That work has now extended over a
period of several days, arid has been
watched enough by the peop'e who hold
the original claims to these beds to in
form them that the str-;jrers are com
plying with the State lyster bed laws
governing the securing possession of this
character of property.
EXCITEMENT AHOUSED.
land? by some big corporation.
What the invader? are doing can only
be Judged from observation, for no com
munication is allowed with the vessel, but
there is a general opinion among those
who have held these oyster bed titles that
there is to be a wholesale Jumping of
these claims upon technical grounds of
pome kind, and this beliff is strengthened
by the knowledge of pome of these oyster
bed claimants that they have not strictly
compiled with the law which govern the
acquisition of these lands.
A sloop manned by armed men, with a
email run mounted on her deck, has been
anchored off San Lorenzo for several
days. In addition to the Armed men
there «re a number of surveyors and
oj-eter planters on board, and while the>
armed men keep the curious away, the
turveyors are engaged in running mys
terious lines, and the oyster planters are
at work filling the waters with seed oys
ters.
Where the mysterious sloop came from
is or.ly a matter of suspicion with the
people in this neighborhood, but the ob- |
Ject of Us visit is very certain. The
Floop is evidently planting oyster beds in
the interest of pome Jirm or corporation,
end the people who have held and claimed
the water front between San Leandro and
Pan Lorenzo and have planted and culti
vated oysters for years see in the armed
men and the warlike preparations an ef
fort to take possession of oyster beds and
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call.
1US Broadway. July 19.
Men Who Have Held Possession for
Years Said to Be Apprehensive
• That Titles Will Be
Attacked.
Carries Surveyors and Men
Skilled in Planting the
Bivalve.
Abandonment of paycar methods means
not only a considerable financial saving to
the railroad company, but removes all
danger of large robbery and heavy loss
in transportation of coin to the many
division pay points.
The murmurings went about further
because it was said that banks in San
Francisco, where the company has In
augurated the check payment scheme,
were enforcing a discount. About $200,000
to $250,000 a month is paid out in Alameda
County to railroad employes, the bulk of
the money being disbursed in Oakland.
With an eye to obviate just such com
plaints as have been started the Southern
Pacific Company has arranged that the
Oakland Bank of Savings shall be a local
depositary for the payment of all pay
checks without discount. W. W. Garth
waite, cashier of that bank, announces
that the corporation has made all plans
to handle the checks, and that easy
methods of identification have been fixed.
Members of families will be enabled to
cash the head of the household's checks,
and with little inconvenience.
Because of misunderstanding and lack
of Information many of the Southern Pa
fiiflc Company's employes at "West Oak
land, as well as in other parts of the
county, have been much perturbed over
the announcement that commencing this
month the company . will pay wages and
salaries by check instead of by coin from
a paycar, as has been the practice since
the company began business.
The men feared, and their fears were
well-grounded, that they^ would be com
pelled to discount their pay checks with
the merchants to cash them. «In West
Oakland shopkeepers whose trade Is
heavy among the railroad men had an
nounced that checks would be received,
subject to a discount of 25 cents up to
|50 and 50 cents above that amount.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 19.
, The 'success of this enterprise Is com
plete, according to the company's of
ficials, who to-day announced thejr con
fidence that the flow would continue un
interrupted now that the oil had run
through the entire line.
It was expected that the oil, which was
started in January from Bakersfleld,
would reach Point Richmond in sixty or
ninety days. As the days rolled into
weeks and then into months and no oil ap
peared at this terminal, .much apprehen
sion .was felt that the long pipe line, con
structed at a cost of $3,000,000, would prove
to be a failure. That fear, however, was
not expressed publicly by the oil company
people. In fact they declared their faith
in the work and said it would be only a
question of time when the fluid would
reach its destination.
Nevertheless the slow movement led the
officials to experiment with various
schemes to accelerate the movement of
the heavy combustible. Their last move
was/to establish heating plants along the
line. Now that the oil is running satis
factorily, those in charge say the auxil
iaries will be unnecessary and that the
twenty-eight relay pumping stations in
operation will be sufficient. They think
it will not be necessary to add to the sta
tions now working, although two more
may be installed.
The cause of the long delay is laid to
trouble in getting the oil started in the
new pipes. It is claimed by the officials
that once the fluid does flow Its
course will not be checked and that the
flow will be steadily maintained. They
say that some delay was expected, but it
was prolonged beyond the engineers' cal
culations.
Now that the line is in working order,
the company proposes immediate enlarge
ment of its refining plant at Point Rich
mond. Additions to the stills and re
torts will . be made and a large Increase
will be made in the force of men em
ployed. There are 700 men at pres
ent at the plant. Two large tank
barges are loading oil at the company's
wharf for foreign shipment.
The pipe line is 350 miles long, 2S0 miles
on the main run and seventy miles in
branches. On the main line the pumping
stations are ten miles apart.
POINT RICHMOND. July 19.— After
many weeks of delay and speculation, the
Standard Oil Company's pipe line, 280
miles long, between Bakersfleld and Point
Richmond, is in operation. Oil began
flowing into the refinery tanks here last
night at 9 o'clock and has been flowing
contlnuously/slnce then, with the excep
tion of a short time this afternoon,, at the
rate of 8000 barrels an hour.
Mr. Clayburgh left his home at 9 o'clock
last evening with a party of friends, but
his family did not know where he went.
They were awaiting his return home thl3
morning when the news of his death
reached them. Mr. Clayburgh was about
65 years of age. He was a well-known citi
zen and a man of large means.
The bedy of Albert Clayburgh. the well
known wholesale hide dealer of 37 Clay
street, who resided at 1216 Masonic ave
nue, was found a little after 1 o'clock
this morning lying on Van Ness avenue,
near Hayes street.
One side of the deceased's face was
black and at first this condition gave rise
to some suspicion. The Coroner's office
was at once notified, and on the arrival
of the deputy coroners It was determined
after a careful examination of the body,
that death was due to an internal hem
orrhage. The body was removed to the
Morgue. *
At Grauman's a new bill Is also offered
for the week. The great Zano, Robin
son and Grant and the Newmans are
eome of the attractions.
An entirely new bill will attract patrons
to the Chut«s . theater during tbe com
ing week. The usual run oft song and
dance specialties will be interspersed by
come new and novel turns by Eastern
artists. -
\To-night the Central commences its
third stock season with Herschel Mayall
and a strong company In "Fau3t." The
novelty of seeing the theme of the fam
ous opera treated as a melodrama will
be open to the public for the next week.
The dual bill. "Under the Red Globe"
and "The Three Muskeeters" will con
tinue its run at Fischer's during the ensu
ing week. Kolb and Dill and Maude Am
ber continue to be the reigning favorites.
Camille d'Arville, after her long retire
ment from the stage, will reappear be
fore the footlights to-night in Smith and
DeKoven's clever musical comedy, "The
Highwayman." at the Tivoll Opera-house.
Bhe wifl have excellent support
Last night was the farewell perform
ance of Nance O'Nell and her company
at the California. To-night the Nelll-
Morosco Company opens with the dram
atization of Marion Crawford's "In the
Palace of the King," which will hold the
boards for the remainder of the week.
At the Columbia to-night Amelia Bins
ham will produce Clyde Fitch's latest
comedy "The Frisky Mrs. Johnson." This
play was one of the hits of the last dram
atic season in New York and promises
to create a furor here.
Last night the Alcazar opened its sec
ond week of "The Prisoner of Zenda."
This will occupy the boards for the en
ruing week, when Hall Calne's "Manx
man" will be produced in this city for the
first time, beginning July 26.
George \V. Hunter does a good turn as
a comedian and raconteur. He was greet
ed with applause and received a hearty
encore. Ethel Levy (Mrs. George M.
Cohn) Is, as she is advertised, a versatile
and vivacious singing and dancing come
dienne. Her songs were captivating and
her dancing graceful. The Three Polos
introduce new tricks In trapeze work.
Bailey and Madison commenced their
eecond week as eccentrics, and De Kolta
sustained his reputation as a wizard.
Hodges and Launchmere, in comedy and
the "cat" duet, are still an attractive fea
ture. The blograph; with many new pic
tures, closes the show.
Claude Gillingwater and his company
present a clever little comedy, "The
Wrong Man." Gillingwater takes the part
of "September Nightly." an author.
George Jones, a traveling broker, is
played by Reginand Barlow, Julia Jones,
the latter's wife, is sustained to the best
advantage by Miss Nina Lyn, and the lat
ter's sister. Miss May Lyn, assumes the
role of Polly, a maid. Edward McDonald
does Mulligan, the policeman. The piece
is full of wholesome comedy and each line
brings a laugh. There are no situations
revamped and what Is given to the audi
ence is original and clean cut.
The Orpheus Comedy Four produce a
whirlwind of fun. There is a farmer's
boy, an Irishman, a Dutchman and a
broken-down tragedian. Their quartet se
lections are excellent.
The Orpheum presents a bill this week
that has been seldom surpassed. Five
new numbers are on the programme and
each one of them affords much entertain
ment. New specialties are introduced In
the holdover acts.
Harold Crane's coster song, "I 'Aven't
Told 'Im," is booked for the popular lip,
and the Esmeralda sisters, with Arnold
Graxier. furnish some fetching dancing.
Raymond and Caverly work hard and oc
casionally "make good," their parodies,
however needing polishing.
To-night, naturally, the whole perform
ance will go more smoothly, except as to
the chorus— which couldn't.
BLANCHE PART1XGTON.
• • •
Cheridah Simpson has some fair songs,
one, in which she is framed by a blue and
silver chorus, herself in the ever-fetching
tights, being particularly effective. The
chorus comes in here, and stays there. It
is worth twice the price of admission to
see the twinklinsr chorus feet in this
number. They are superbly drilled, beau
tifully—undressed, and sing to the min
ute. Miss Simpson carries off -her role
with her usual handsomeness and insinu
ation but shared in the general tardiness.
Anna' Wilks roused an innocent enthusi
asm in a heart-to-heart rendering of
"Mollle Shannon."
Budd Ross went a long way to justify
his numerous admirers last night in a
tramp specialty that annexed the first
over the belt laugh of the performance.
Mr. Ross is young yet. and It shows. He
hasn't yet the air of that which has been
"it" for the many dear, dead days. He is
timid frequently, awkward in a taking
way, but the "stuff" is alL there. Budd
Rpss will arrivf. and soon. He numbers
the joke of the future among his advan
tages, has a versatile heel and will sing
better when he is less ashamed of it. As
a coming Nat Wills he is a quite promis
ing person.
The performance went slowly on the
part of the principals. Snap and vim
were largely wanting. Ginger was at a
liremlum and the waits between acts were
as long as on the Oakland 1 real. Then there
were Jokes of yesteryear, songs that ar
rived here before last night by many a
moon and* a rather generally lazy air
about things. Except as to the chorus.
And Budd Ross.
With the help of a "ticker" for local
color, the Rcgers Brothers are' now to be
found "In Wall Street" at the Giand
Opera-house. They arrived last night to a
house and a half that showed it—them
selves— manifestly friendly. For those to
whom the gorgeous fluff and glitter of
tuese productions are not a whole show,
some forbearance was needed.
Continuous Flow of Eight
Thousand Barrels an Hour
Is Recorded.
Internal Hemorrhage Cause
of Merchant's Sud
den End.
Orpheum Presents New Line
of Comedy That
Pleases.
Southern Pacific Company
Plan Effective This Month
in Oakland.
Sloop Mounting a Gun
Drops Anchor Off
San Lorenzo.
Albert Clayburgh .Falls
Down on Van Ness
Avenue.
Fluid Arrives at Point
Richmond From
Bakersfield.
"In Wall Street" Is Car
ried by Clever
Discount l for Railroad
Employes' Paper Is
Obviated.
Miss Lena M. Nelson, Popular Oakland Heiress, and
Clifford C. Beatie, a Young Business Man, Are
United in Marriage at Church in San Francisco
OYSTER BED
OWNERS FEAR
A SEIZURE
CHORUS IS STAR
AT THE GRAND
BANK PROVIDES
FOR PAY CHECKS
WEALTHY CITIZEN
DIES ON STREET
OIL PIPE LINE
IS A SUCCESS
WED BEFORE DATE SET
AND SURPRISE FRIENDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 20. 1903.
LIVERPOOL, July 19.— The directors of the
Cunard Steamship Company have called a spe
cial meeting - of shareholders for July 29 - to
consider a change In the articles of the asso
ciation with a view to preventing foreigner*
becoming directors or principal officers of the
corntany.
MADISON. .Wls.. July 19.— Professor Ham
ilton G. Tlmberlake of the University of Wls
copsln. dropped d«ad of heart disease to-day
•while taking & hath. lie waa 30 years old and
bad b*«n imrrua only three week*.
PONTA ARENAS, Chile, July 19.— Tha
malls and passengers of the German
steamer Theben, from iSan Francisco,
April 18, for Hamburg, which grounded in
Grays Channel and was ' subsequently
floated,* have been landed. The damage to
the steamer was less than anticipated and
she is expected to be floated in ten days.
She will be discharged in order that the
damage may be repaired. Steam pumps
have been placed aboard. : Eight thousand
bags of coffee have been Jettisoned. , ,
Grounded Steamer Theben Is Floated.
HONOLULU— Sailed July 18— Swedish ship
Theitalus, for Port Tnwnttnd.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OUTEIDE. BOUN'D IX. MIDNIGHT
Bchr Advance.
ISLAND PORT.
nOMEFTIO PORT.
OAKLAND HEIRESS WHO BECAME
A BRIDE AT A SECRET WEDDING
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Pope Leo's
Condition Is
Very Grave
7
ADVERTISEMENTS. '.\- : j'v:
s
/fp\ T7TOTT
jjgKfljL^jraHBB^ " Better a small 'fish
Si!?l25>0G^ n( * b cttcr yet the fish, no
JPlgPK^j£g matter how prepared, when
made delicate in flavor and
i'l™2^L J§v y delicious to the appetite by
||S^w J@) adding a teaspoonful of the
' ¦ — ¦ **i Yn c\ tic
LEA & PERRIN5'
SAUCE
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE.
Add. it to oyster stews, sou ps^ salads, chops, pot-au-feu,
meats hot or cold, game, rarebit, macaroni, etc.
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agents, NEW YORK.TTTE SAN TEAKCTSCO CALL,. MONDAY, JULY 2O V 1903.
8
HELP WASTED— MALE— Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520 SACRAMENTO ST.
Fbone Main 1191. I'ho.ie Main 1161.
Cor. Leldesdorff St.
STEAMER SAILS' TO-DAY -Call Early.
S more coal miners to Oregon— FREE FARE.
SPECIAL STEAMER CHARTERED.
NEW TUNNEL— FEE $1— NORTH.
FREE FARE— FREE MEAL-S.
Everybody going. Are you?
f>0 teamsters. laborers and tunnelmen.
FREE FARE. $2 to $2 25 day.
FREE FARE to WILL1TS— UKIAH ROUTE
12 teamsters and laborers. $2 25 a day.
FREE FARE. FEE SI.
CASPAR— NORTH— MENDOCINO CO.
FREE FARE— FEE SI.
60 laborers, teamsters and tunnelmen $2 to
$2 75 a day.
S BUTTE COUNTY— CH ICO.
150 teamsters. laborers, woodchoppers and
rockmen, $2 25 to $2 60 day — FEE 51.
Cheap fare; private R. R. work.
ON SANTA FER R.
% trackmen, 9 splkers. $2 25 lay— FEE $1.
Board where you please.
12 laborers, private R. R. : board where you
please; FEE $1; $2 a day.
20 Italian section hands, south, board your-
self— FEE $1— FREE FARE.
FREE FARE. FEB $1.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
200 section and extra gang m::i; ship on all
trains; all over State.
FREE FARE— FEE $1.
HAY BALERS— 3 men to bale hay, long Job,
15c ton: Junior Monarch press; boss htre.
Cook, same place, $25 and found, near city.
2 machine miners, south. $00.
Full night crew for sawmill, boss here; woods
crew, northeast boss here. We.wiT. n« for
tho mills, yards and woods for 6 different
sawmtlls all over the State; $30 to $130 ana
„ found; some half, part and free fare; tdgcr-
man. boss here. Sonoma Countr.
MINES, ETC.
75 miners all over, some placer, seme 8
hours, $60 to $90; 200 laborert. carmen,
muckers, $G0 to $75; 10 laborers, outside work.
. good mine, north, $32 50 and found, rteady
Job; 12 drillers, quarry. $43 anl lound.
MISCELLANEOUS.
3 farmers, boss here. $30 and fount*. : 2 farm-
ers, south, $30 and found; 3 milkers. $35
to $40 and found; 3 choremen, $20 '.o $25 ar.d
found; 6 laborers, city, $2 a dav; 3 black-
smiths and helper, ranch and mill, $t>7 50
and $35 and found; '2 farmers and wives. $50
and $70 and found; 2 doggers, $65 50 and
found; 2 screw turners, $82 60 and found,
south; cook. $45 and found; cook, ranch. $25
and found; baker's helper; coremaker. city,
$3 day; dishwashers, etc.
MEN— CALL EARLY AND SEE VS.
Get a- square deal, a good Job and a freo
list of Jobs at the leading RELIABLE EM-
PLOYMENT AGENT. That'* tho
PACIFIC EMP. AGENCY. 520 Sacramento.
WANTED — Young man from 16 to 18 years
of age to learn the dry goods business. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED — Cash boys. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED — A bookbinder for all round work
in forwarding and finishing. Apply SAN-
BORN. VAIL. & CO. 741 Market St.
WANTED — Experienced book binders. Apply
SANBORN. VAIL _ CO.. 741 Market st
TRY our men's shoes, union mad?, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — For the U. 8. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character; must speak, read and writs
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations in the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st. San Francisco. Cal.; 222 Vi N. Main
Bt. Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K st. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
ABLE manager for branch office to be opened
by local- ccrporatirn; liberal salary and ex-
penses to right man; cash security required
for stock furnished. Address, with refer-
ences, box ISSN, Call.
WANTED— A traveling man who Is familiar
with the grocery Jobbing trade or selling
starch on the coast; reference required. Ap-
ply W. R." REYNOLDS. Palace Hotel. Tues-
day mcrnlng, July 21.
WANTED — Man to go short distance from the
city; one who has a general knowledee of
dry goods, fancy goods, cloaks and suits;
state age, experience and salary expected.
Apply box 1839. Call.
A BARGAIN — First-class barber shop, doing a
good business, in business portion of San
Jose for sale: good reason for selling. Ad-
dress D. WHITE. 12 East Ban Fernando st,
San Jose. r
WANTED— Laborers, drillers, rockmen and
rough carpenters for ditch and flume work.
Apply at office. Placervllle. Cal., or room 14.
£6 Montgomery st. San Francisco Construc-
tlon Co.
PICK hops in August: enjoyable, healthful *nd
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery «t. Srn Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moler System Barber College. 635 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: ,$1' 60 to $3 per week.
BOOKBINDERS wanted; first-class Job ruler,
also forwarder on plain blank work, etc.
FRANK MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento st
WANTED — Boy for office work; 15 years old.
SOC Market at.', room 24 (Phelan building).
MAN to take orders and deliver; wages $GO.
Send application and particulars to box
1857. Call. .
BOY in tin shop; learn trade; age 16 years.
533 Mission st-
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; cata-
logue. S. F. Barber College. 741A Hpward.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 29 Steuart at.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
60c up: soling cheap. 023 Howard st.. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia at. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ALL vlzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
price. 663 Mission et. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St. bet. 1st and 2d ata.
HORSES AXP WAGOXS.
60 HEAD nf fresh dairy cows for sale at $70
per head. Address THOMAS A. McCOY.
Gonzales. Monterey Ca. Cal.
ON account of going to build, entire stock. of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
GAITED saddle horse; ride or drive: swell ap-
pearance. Club Stables. 400 Taylor^st.
10 GOOD horses from the countrjr for sale
cheap. 327 Sixth at -
AI EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 632 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET. .
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN — CO.,14Montgoroery
HOUSE of 9 rooms, bath; large yard, 2013
Bush st. -
HOUSE. 8 rooms and bath; 140 Carl st, near
Cole. Rent. $37 00.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of housej
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post at
7 ROOMS; house and bath; yard; marine view.
1010 Lombard st.
HOUSES TO LET FURSISHED.
BROADWAY furnished house of 9 rooms, be-
sides servants" quarters; convenient and mag.
nlflcent view; owner desires reserved on©
bedroom; no children. Box 1865. Call office.
A WELL, furnished house, piano. 10 rooms;
very sunny; fine location: 1375 Masonic ave.
Apply MADISON - BURKE.
LIVFRY STABLES. /
TOMKINSON'S livery stables, 57-59-61 Minna
st.' bet. 1st and 2d— Vehicles of every de-
scription for hire at most reasonable rates;
cut rates for strangers. Telephone Main 153.
LOST ASD POUND. *~
$20 REWARD — Lost Friday. July 10. fox ter-
rier, (female), white body and black head
and ears, with streak of white in center of
head. Return to 1302 California st. and re-
ceive above reward.
LOST— An Irish terrier dog; docked tall- short
-wiry brown hair; answers to the name of
Pat. Return to 1812 Gough st. and receive
reward. .. .
LOST— July 18. large black and tan Gordon
eetter do«c; license No. 1582. Return to 215
Jones st. ; receive reward. > -
LOST— School bonds of Laurel . district. Ala-
meda County, for $1600; somewhere betwwn
Sausalito and broad-gauge boats; $20 reward
for return to J. R. CRAIG. Hay wards.
WAXTEp~MALE~-Co_.
~~ n MURRAY & READY.
634 and 6SG Clay st.
PHONE MAIN 5S13. PHONE MAIN 584S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS. '
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME
1902 We Gave 1003 we'll Give
45,000 -Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE,
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL. :
Ogden. Utah, AH Parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park, s Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana, Oregon,
San Fernando, Washington,
Los Angeles County. Central America,
Arizona, Wllllts, Ukiah.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST. SOUTH.
INCLUDING OGDEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men. -corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths, etc., $S, $4, $3 50. $3. $2 SO and
$2 a day.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Everybody talking. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY,
• '634 'and 636 Clay st.
MIDNIGHT ORDERS BY
PHONE TELEGRAPH and- MAIL.
Steward, country hotel. $40 to $50 found.
Night cook. city. $9
Nurse, State Institution. $25 found; second
/cook. State institution, $30 found; young
man about city paint store, $9.
/ LOOK!
' Ratchet setter. Alles block. 25 M mill. $55.
2 foremen, excavating, city Job, $3 day.
Tallyman, lumber company, boss here. $1 fd.
TRACTION ENGINEER. $3 DAY.
3 men. 4 hours' work dally. ! 2 « da JA
3 boys. learn manufacturing trade. $15-?20
and found.
Cook, sawmill, few men. $35 and found.
2 hallboys city hotel. $17 50 and found.
Solderer for cans, country. 20c to 22%c hour.
Blacksmith, camp, near city. $3 day.
Horseshoer. camp, fare 30c, $3 day
ENGINEER STEAM ROLLER. $3 day fd.
Cook. camp, city, few men, $40 lound.
5 Austrian laborers, free fare.
Stableman. Alameda Co., fare $1 30. $30 fd.
Blacksmith. Napa Co.. , $3 day.
BANKING SYNDICATE.
12 men among fruit, etc.. fare $1. $28 found,
LOOK!
Carriage setter, lumber company, boss here,
$3 75 day.
5 laborers gold mine, fare $3 50. $75 found.
Cook. Nevada fare paid. $50 found.
Shingle sawyer, fare paid, north, $40 found.
Butcher, slaughter-house, fare $2.
Boy printing office. $6; baker's helper, $30.
Teamster, sawmill company, fare paid,
north. $60. * ... , j
Choreman, city, private family. $35 found.
2 beam hands, tannery. $2 to $2 25 a day.
Janitor, city wholesale house. $40.
German-Swiss milker, fare paid, $35 found.
2 carpenters, factory, city, $3 a day.
Baker 75c fare shop. $45 and found.
6 track laborers. R. R. fare 15c, board in
hotels $2 25 a day. steady Job.
4 young men. city mill, $3 a week
Budder. nursery. $40 and found; i milkers,
25°laborers to make shingle bolts. $.7 50 per
hundred bolts; tools, found, board BOg-day.
3 miners, fare $3 50, J $"«•
FOR ONE SAWMILL.
Cook $45; second cook." $40; dishwasher, $35;
waiter. $35.
3 laborers for mine company, fare $1, $<5.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WHAT IS IT?
40 laborers for woods, in timber, etc ; no ex-
perience wanted: $40 and found.
WHERE IS IT?
MONTEREY CO. YOUR FARE PAID.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
TO PARADISE — BOSS HERE.
55 teamsters, laborers, $76.
55 drillers and hammersmen, $75.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
26 coal miners, $3 to $5 day.
FREE FARE FOR SOUTHERN PACIFIC
RAILROAD.
165 laborers, etc., different divisions, includ-
ing Santa Barbara, San Luis Oblspo, Milton,
Farmlngton, Gilroy, Los Gatos.
TO OREGON.
26 laborers for a good mine, you'll suit, $75.
GOLD AND SILVER,
COPPER AND COAL.
06 miners, single and double hand, some 8
hours, $S5. $00.
. 16 timbermen, different Jobs, $00.
1C5 muckers, different yoos, $75.
364 laborers, no experience required, $C0.
TO QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
265 drillers and hammeremen, $75. $S5.
S04 laborers, no experience required, $60,
$67 50.
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
C55 laborers for all classes of work, including
factories, excavating, buildings, 'mills, etc.,
$2 50 and $2 day, located in San Francisco
and all parts of California.
TO HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS.
1C4 hay and harvest hands, $1 50, $1 75, $2
and $2 50 a day.
TO ORCHARDS AND VINEYARDS.
26.1 general hands, 15 fruit pickers, $30 and
$35 and found. ,
TO DAIRIES AND HAY BALERS. •
06 milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30,
$40 and $50 and found.
16 hay balers, 20c and 25c a ton.
STABLES AND PRIVATE RESIDENCES.
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs. $75, $70
and ¥«>.
20 choremen. $40, $35. $30 and $35 and found.
MEN AND WIVES.
IC farmers and wives, different Jobs, $70, $60,
$50 and found.
4 cooks and wivea, hotels, mines, sawmills,
etc.. $S5, $00, $50 and found.
564 WOODCHOPPERS. TIEMAKERS.
Post, picket and shakes, also ehlngle bolt
makers.
MECHANICAL HELP.
84 blacksmiths and helpers, city and coun-
try. *3 50. $.1. $2 50, $2 day.
0 wagon and carriage makers,'- $3 50, $3 day.
12. carpenters, city and country jobs, $4,
$.{ 50. $3 day.
0 machinists for wineries and sawmills, free
fare, $50 and found.
15 coopers, lie: 5 carriage painters, $00; 6
brick molders, $3 50 day; plasterers, {5 50;
structural Iron workers.
12 bench hands and paperers. fare $1 $2 25
to ?3 60 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC. "
57 cooks, all ov*>r California, $00 $80, $75,
$00. foO. $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps., ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits etc. *
IS waiters. $35, $40. $30 and found.
36 pot and dish washers. $35. $30. $20 and
found.
IS bell and elevator boys, porters, bedmakers
$30 to $15 and found.
12 laundrymen, all classes. $18 week up.
fl bakers and helpers, $35. $40, $30 and found.
Walter and dishwasher, same camp. $35 fd.
12 boys to 'learn trades.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
YOUR FARES PAID '
TO SD SAWMILLS
WOODS. YARDS ETC
* YOUR FARE PAID.
Located in 4 States and 2 Territories.
8C9 laborers without any experience. $35 to
$70 and found. «
67 men for planing mills.
' 10 full day crews for woods, mills; 9 night
crews for woods and mills.
126 men and boys for box factories etc
Wages. $150, $100. $80. $80. $70. $60. $50* $40
and found. ••
Every thins from a swamper to an engineer
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
FREE FARE TO FREE FARE
FRESNO.,
25 laborers; call early; your railroad fare
FREE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
OREGON. BOSS FARE PAID.
HERE. iy
12 laborers, SAWMILL, $35 to $S0 and fd.
Trimmer; call early. 1 . ¦ FARE PAID.
2 rough carpenters, millwrights.
MURRAY - READY. 634-636 day at
LOOK! NORTH!
GOING NORTH!
25 laborers, big lumber company, fare paid,
$30 to $S0 and found.'
_• MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
FARE ~. B L, FAR-
TRUST.
Manager here; see him to-day. .
45 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $80
. and found. ,
Swampers, line pullers, bakers, tree fellers,
sawyers. Jack screwers. $40 to $S0 and found;
big ¦ lumber company
MURRAY ; - REA'D Y. 634-636 Clay st
BIG LUMBER , SYNDICATE. "~
Located in Heart of Gold Mines. "
2 Dolbeer ' loggers. $90; millwright. $100.
3 spool tenders, $60; 2 log loaders. $60.
. 8 buckers, $55; 5 two-horse teamsters, $60.
10 laborers to pile lumber, $60;- 8 swampers,
$35 and found; machinist, ' $00; blacksmith,
little shoeing. $00; blacksmith helper. $67 50;
blacksmith helper, woods. $67 60; man' to
- handle logs on deck, $67 50, board, etc., 45c
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes 'at $2 50; we pay express or
.mall charges.: 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
FOR sale or , lease — Barber shop ; reasonable.
¦ 103 Golden Gate ave.
MANAGER 'boys' Juvenile department- S. N.
WOOD.- — 'CO:. 740 Market at. . - ~, -^
RELIABLE cash boys. S. N. WOOD & CO.,
,740 Market- st^" •
ERRAND - boy with < ¦ good r recommendation—
ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia «t.
WANTED— 2 "AI boll ermakers; permanent em-
ployment. Box 1848, Call. j
sa:.- vnxx Cisco call.
DVTJNKES OFFICE ri Th» Fm> Fracdwo
Cail. c«rr.cr :.i.-.:l«»t and Th!r<! .street"!: cpen
_ ni:i 12 o'clock <-.«»ry nljrht In the y:ax.
liUA^OIi CI-T:e_S— 1-'7 M«r-.tsomery^r<^t
ccrr.«r C!3y; crsn until 9:U0 p. tn. v-^
U.-0 Ilij-rj €ircci; open -jnUI 3:30 ,<S. in.
CCJ McAllister tirctt: cpen _— Q 9:50 p. m.
Mi? LcikiB rtrect; epen ur.cll 0:30 p. — _
1S41 Ilirsfoa •tire:; cren until 10 P- m.
i-ti: t— trkat _ sect, coraer 85lxte— — «; cpen
e_u r. p. m.
lOi r.svtcJ!: j:r«-rt: cp«*n cr.tll 9 p. =>-
J'"JU VcJc:ic_ Ttrrct; cprn until » P- M -
~ _crt_«V— t ccrnrr ft Tr.xnty-tecond and Ken-
tu« ky ?rrcrtr; qm urtil 0 p. ra.
23na vr.irrx-ro tii'^t: <ir*r. «nt:i 9 n. _~|.
SBlt_mX- VOTICKS^
CAX— FQQ£?IA CosuB— B denr t**. '• K - «i_j»
T. — EixciM asicrnbly THIS EVEN- JM
_S<3 at 7:"0 o'clock. OrJcr of the tjj
Tcr.:p5e. Ai; frattrs cpurteous^y in- \jr
vlteC ,
TKOS. II. Br.OV."XI3. Coir.manuer.
T. L. HEXPStt SQX. Kecordri\ |
.STKsWr TJ.'IS nVKNl.NG at S &£
oclocl'.. Oivltr of Tenude. All fra-
tors ave coorteon— y invited. 13y «Jr-
' ruii-j! " FHOLICH. Recorder.
BA!f FU-2CClSCb Charter No. 1. Royal «
.Vr h ile- i>. meets THIS EVENING. Y¥
liusir.ets *C*x:*r*s 0 u.r.<l C. / ? >
il. G. PRINXE. .Secretary.
CALIFORNIA tSS» No. 1. F. ar.d A. ft
M. — Oflicers _ 3ci _— I— wrs Una hereby jTjT
notllied to atte::d thtr funeral of our />r\
deceased brot_*r. GEOiiiJK STKAIT
KMJTJL boa the Masonic T<-rr.:>k\ TUES-
DAT. Bt idO o'clock p. m. Uy ordor of the
W. M. TKANNLIN EL DAV, St-cretary.
OCCIDENTAL l^izc No. 22. F. a:ul A. _
VL. THIS (MONDAY) BVKKIKO m S'vVf
c'..;ock- Lodge cf Inrtmc— «a. By or- /\f\
»>r at the Master.
R'ALTE a G. AXDKRSON. Se;.
kIxG fc-OLOjfoX'S Ixsdpe No. 200, F. ,2
a::J A M.. !Si'.' Kill more st. Third J_/V
<J ;;.c THIS EVCXIKG ;it 7:3a /?>
o-vjo.:.-. j;at::;y bahiir. Sec.
O, J*.— lriilaiT..-. fhfiT^(MbX-^*8fifii£_ > -5.
;.'.\Vi F.\ :.MN ¦. Visitors »-or- -:*<^C*?^3
_i_lly ir.i.i.L. "•V*r,?fc^
J. K. CAESIDV. X. G.
A. __V__S. Hec. Hec.
AN irstcrprtinK programme for Ex- oriSTf't.
I - .n . ¦'¦i' 1 end L;<-:;:tT ¦£ jSlzjiiy-
Od«i I"; ¦Jlf.ivs. Kx-clsior Hall, ;
VHm&OB M.. bet. Nineteenth and "^SrtAW** I
Tw«— yet—, MONDAY EVKNING. July A I
£oo£ _.:•¦...-.•• is r**Quesied.
COMMITTEE.
THE Bcr.rd of Mwlical Examiners of the State
of Calitcrr.ia will hold a regular meeting in
the examination c-hamhtrs. Civil Service
< Ym'r.isFior.. Ciiy Hail, San Francisco, Cal.,
cu TUESDAY. X BtC— 1 1 4. 1303, at 10 a. m.
geo. G. GERE, M. D., Secretary.
ANNVAL MEETING — The regular annual
rneet:r.g cl the stockholders ot the Spreck-
cls Sugar Company will be held at the office
«if tfce company. 327 Market et.. C*n Fran-
ciFco. en ilONDAY. the ITth day of July,
1903, at the cuur of 11 a. m., for the pur-
pose cf electir.e a board of directors to serve
Jcr the ensuing year and for the transaction
cf each othtr business as may ccme before
the meetinc The transfer books will close
en Fricay, July 24, 1JW3. at 3 p. tn.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting ol the stockholders of the Monterey '
Ovunty Water Company will be held at the
<iI5ce of the company, 327 Market st, San
Francisco, en MONDAY, the 27th day of
•Jelj-. 1003. at the hour of 11:30 a. m.. . f or
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction cf euch ether business as may
tcaie before the meeting. The transfer
books will close on Friday. July 24. 1903. at
3 p. ra. V. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The Risdon Iron and Lo-
comotive W'orkis — The anual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works, for the election of trustees
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
puch ether business as may be brought be-
lore tfce meeting, will be held at the office
of the company. No. 29S Steuart etreet San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 3d day cf Au-
gust, liia. at 11 o'clock a. m.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received a;>piica.tion to mine by hydraulic
process frcm F. W. McLean in Hampton
, i lacer mine, on McRea Ridge. Plumas
- C5.. Cal.. draining into Nelson Creek,
which reaches middle fork cf Feather Riv-
er. «ives notice that a meeting will be held
et room ft<3 Flood bldg.. San Francisco, Cal.,
July 27. i9C3. ai 1:30 p. m. _
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENT — To sell easy-goJng article for first-
vliihs firm at commission or for a steady sal-
ary; any person of good address can make
pood waxes without risk; no knowledg? of
ihf bu.«inpFS required. Apply Rlalto bldg.,
rooms 405-407. #
WANTED — Afront? able to do large business
to sell our well known Polish ; best and
ciitapest in the market: big money for hust-
lers. Adores* at once, Cleveland Polish
Works. 24 Oarficld ave., Glenville. Ohio.
N^ ASTItOLOGY.
Artrolory taught, horoscopes cast Prcf. Ray-
tr.or.d *«i.-k.ytr.re.<>-{a Ellis. By mail if desired.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
HoBt" "w." "_ INoTatty-at-law." Examiner bid!.
r— i. Cll; a'l cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free: no advance charges; call cr write;
evenings by appointment Tel. Red 3€01.
PKOIII'T attention to all cases ;divorce. estates,
collection*; no fees unless successful; cail or
v.-rite: eves. Tue*. and Fri.: est 15 yrs. ED-
WARD ACKL.EY. 827 Mark<t;tel Jessie 1630.
ADVICE free — I will eCvar.e* cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
ftses: no tut- in srtvancc; cpen every even-
Ir^r. J. M. THUKSTOX. fcl'J Market st. r. SL
ADVICE frte; divorces a specialty -quick, quiet;
no c-harir» without euccess; established 15 yrs.
G. W. 1ICWE. 1122 Market st. opp. Hale's.
AITKEN' A: AITKEN. atttorr.eys. rs. 303-10-11
rinnif bide. 603 QUifcrnia st; tel. Main 727.
V. IC- MATTHEWS, attorney at law. 632 Marl
k«t st. rcom 23; legal advice; bank refs.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cas,«: open evss. W.W.Davidson. 927 Market.
I.. ~. CLAl'.K. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
kft rt.: rorsultr.tlon fr*«: no fees in advance.
liini)2, DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talHr.g parrots.JS each:German singing
canaries. J2; we will try to please you; every-
thing in our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
UOAUUI.\U FOR CH1LUHE.V
JCICE home for infajjts or children by one who
lovos them. 1S38 Prince rt., Berkeley.
BTSIIVESS CHAACES.
To the " ,
Investing Public
We announce the completion of our
Wonderful mtchlcg; aad Dredging Machine.
».!.::!! win Ao the wcrk of hundreds of men
and fcon-.ec.
On er about July 20th.
TTpcn Sts completion no stock will be oSered
fcr Itss then SI per share. Until then a few
(thares remain to be sold at SOe. for cash or in-
stall— er.ts. Persons desiring to see this
Marvel cf mechanical ingenuity
can Co so by calHn? at the offices of the
NATIONAL DITCHING & DREDGING CO
601-C02-C03 Examiner Building!
GENEP.AL manager wam»d to handle agents
and sell cur knov/n Polish; .-qua! to the best
in the market but cheaper; 'small security
required tor ttock cf merchandise; salary
and ccmrr.iEsion; fine cJiance for right man
fcrnd tell particular* to Cleveland Pol'srli
Wo^ks. 2i Garfleld ave.. Clcnville. o.
FOP. SALE— Daily newspaper route in Califor^
nia town c? 25,000- payi well; detn woric
Acdreen M. J. T.. Call office. •; "f
FOR ealp— Grocery ar.a bar; 4 lirlnsT rco_s;
cheap rent. Inquire Jackson Brewery.
fVOO— G ROCKHT. fruit ard produce store- a
dandy; H7 dally trsde. 1032 Market, r. 4.
HAIHDRESSING ptrlcrs; cheap; valu« in «lghf
good Iccatlor.; retiring. 1153 Mkt. bet.7th-8th.'
OUTSIDE rout* Ko. 4 this paper for sale.
Incuir» hardware etcre. l»th ar.d Folsom sts.
iSAKETlY ar.d delicacy etore for Bale; must be
gold: owner going »way. 713 McAllister st.
¦ATf nr;trH<» route fcr Bale. Apply Call office.
fAItPBT-BCATIXc; AjVDCLEAXIXG.
AIR, compressed, dry, ice rcld. Is new uciver-
eally u»>td ia ssn*tari!y cleaning carpets on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
crate. Avply ri. F. COMPRESSED AIR
C__AK1NG CO.. Call big.; phone Main 0237.
W1IEX you bc-otae disgusted with your wo-lc
**r.d for SPAUJ.DINC'S Pioneer Carpet-bcat-
ing V.'crk?, VZZ-ZZ7 Tcharca st; til. Scuth 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beatir.g Co.. J. il cQueen.
pro;;rletcr. CCJ Guerrero st; tel. J-Uyiou iX
Mr HOPKE HHOS.. rxceMent carpet cleaning;
pac— t Bush esgj 411-415. l'dwcU *t
ADVAJCCn Carpet Cloanlrnc Co.. 402 ~Sutt*r rt. •
tel. :t«1n 331. Gcc. '.VAl.COM _ CO.. Props.
JtUDOI.m & CO.. tarprt-beatlng work*; prtc**
r^ECBtbifc. I7K! lUrrlscn rt; tel. Mission IMS.
CONKLIN'S M:;«rior Carpet-fceaCn? V/crkt.
ZS2 Gclden Cate «ve.; telephone Tact 17C.
LOnGIXG-HOUSESjrOn SALE. j
HT"c~rlECKKrT.~nrx; market st.
nsTAULi3Hi:r> in this city in isn._
BEADQUABTEKS KOU KOOMJNG-HOUSEa.
I1CTKLS AND FLATS.
I OITEK THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS:
<5 roo:ns, modem flat, new Cum $• o00
CO room?, sunny, N. Market, cor., only 1,700
lo rooms, cunny, cor., modern, newly
furni'hod. well rented 1,600
115 roor.ir., modern apartment-house... 0,500]
l.'O rooms, new, minny corner apart- j
mcr.t hor.se. reduced 12,000
W) rooms, near Powell and Market.... 4,000 ,
8 nx.-ms, choice location, forced sale.. 225
S rooms, nicely furnished, owner sick. 230
CO-rsom ccrnor house, only 3,500
21 rooms, only fiiCSi cash. bal. paymts. 1,100
] 1 rooms, only .<15t> ca«-h J>50
12 rooms, on Geary St.. near Powell.. J*.V)
SO rooms, on Market si., clears $200.. l.lwO
24 rooms, en Grant ave., only 2,400 j
]J roo:rs, nt-w furniture, cost $1200... '. COO i
4S room?, clears $:iC0 j>er month 5,000
:»G room.-=, on Howard it., clears $200.. 1,700
M roc:as. elegant corner, clears $350. . 5.S00 I
Hotel and bar, tM rocms. clears $500.. 10,000 j
10U !;ciiirs irom 5 t.% 500 rooms: all prlces._
24-room hcure, on Howard st 350
H. C. DECKER. 903 Market St., cor. Stockton.
Phone John 031.
100 IIOOMS; hou?e for men; rent $140 $4000
CS rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; corner: part cash: bal. easy. 850
II rooms; good Income; rent $20 350,
21 rooms: water front; rent $40; lease. 650 |
120 rooms; good lease; low rent 6500
\ C7 rms. lapartmentvWestern Add; rent. 260
\Money leaned at 1 per cent
Hotels, madhouses, flats. 6 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
MARION GRIFFIN', rm. 406. Examiner bldg.—
Toteis. apartment houses, flats and
ROOMING HOUSES. A BIG FREE LIST, j
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly i
Call. 10 panes, sent to any address In the" |
United States or Canada one year for $1. !
SPIRITUALISM.
RHEUMATISM, kidney and bladder troubles
cured by Histionic suggestion; diagnosis free.
Institute of Science, 105 Ellis st
JOHN SLATKR— Circle to-night. 8:15 sharp;
readings daily. 10 to 4. 336 O'Farrell st
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening, I
2te; fittings dally. 10W Harrison st.
CLAIRAOYANTS.
A— CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
SI. -51. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
makr you no charge if I fail to tell your name,
o<-cupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or nweet- ]
heart is true or false; to tell whom and when I
you will marry; In fact I will tell you every I
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell ;
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites ,
the separated. c»uses~speedy and happy mar- ;
riages. makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medl- '
cine locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p." m. ; Sundays 2 to 8. 32tt O'Farrell st. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. : THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third at. next Exam-
iner bldg.; she reads your life correctly, j
eives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to cccur in the future: if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied in life,
or have domestic, love or business troubles,
consult this great medium and you will be
told how to overcome them; valuable advice
in all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction
guaranteed; readings by mall. Tel Black 1563.
A — CASHMIRE. the eminent trance clairvoyant
adept can be consulted regarding all matters of
business love, marriage, divorce, property,
speculation changes, law. reuniting separated,
etc.; everything revealed: secret power to
change influence or control any one or anything
as you' wish In 3 to 21 days; reduced fees for
this week. 1007% Market st. bet. 6th and 7th.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at HO* Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a. '
m.' to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year ,
of birth: don't s?nd currency. Send postofflce.
Wells- Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past present and future:
ladies. 60c; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting. $1 50. 126 Turk- at.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clairvoy-
ant, card reader, will give a good reading,
10c, for a short time only; when others fail
try me to convince yourself. 402 Franklin,
near Grove.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: 25c up. 8 4th st. near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c: gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission et, nr. 6th; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26% Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. gents 50c
MME. GINSBERG, greatest clairvoyant; ladles,
25c; gents, 50c 35 5th st, rm. 9, 1st floor.
MRS. L. EHRHORN, clairvoyant, palmist;
sittings 25c up. Ill Chattanooga et.. nr. 22d.
A wonder: have you seen her? LELA. palmist
and clairvoyant 277 14th st, near Mission.
MP.S. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader; sit-
tlngs dally. 44S% Jessie St.. bet. Cth and 6th.
CH IROPODISTS - i
DCNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunions. etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85. 816 Market;
tel. Red 618; collections; gen'I law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION 1
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CALIFORNIA ave., 374 — A cottage, 7 rooms
and bath; all the latest improvements;
?22 SO.
' COTTAGE of 4 rooms at Ocean View; near
, cars; rent $10. Owner, 217 Point Lobos ave..
city. i
~~ DENTISTS^
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charse for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 5Oc; gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved from 47 Post Bt. to Mutual Bank bldg.,
room 014, corner Geary and Kearny sts.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fllllngs. 50c;
plates. $5: full set: all work painless and war-
¦ ranted. ChlcagoJPental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns,$2 up; filllngs,25c.
GOLD fillings 73c. ellver 35c, crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT oft this month; estimates free.
New York Dentists. 1*C9 Mission et. cor. 6th.
~— ~— __——____» — — w
DRESSMAKERS & SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 M— ck*tr"
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting, Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYE-BTG AMD CI.EA.aifQ.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., dope by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagoi. v/cBt 403. H. HICKMAN. prea.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 12S2 Mkt
AYRES. the leading business-college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; rpeclal summer course In all depart-
jr-ents; handsome catalogue free; life scholax-
chip, $5O; day and evening sessions. -
DANCING — Prof. Drew's studio of society
dancing, culture of graces. SO Geary st,
rccm 43; ladies' and gentlemen's private in-
etruction; reception daily; phone Black 3733.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty,24 Post
Et. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mecn., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1864. Van
der Nalllcn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookkeep-
ing; enroll now and be ready for position in
fall. S. V. HuslneFB College. 123C Market st
: SYSTEM, discipline and results; the ''Golden
Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves.,S.F.;fllls every requirement
SPANISH Academy— Professor Arrlbas; classes
!*- day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
i LESSON'S given In Water Colcr or Oil Palnt-
ing from Natnrr. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st
; ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, wrltlnic
etc.. Jay cr..:ve.: $3 ma 1024 Mission, nr.Cth.
CJiicsso i^uslncsi College. 1433 Market, nr. 10th.
Pittman -shorthand, typing, sfcokkpg. $8 mo.
HEALD'S Husiuces College. 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded lS6S;-new SO-page catalogue free. ,
A n EPTK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
IC r.£gec,'ln wrapper, for mailing. Ji per year.
HELP AVAN'TeD— FEMALE— •on.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1S73 MISSION STV.
NEAR FIFTEENTH, SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED.
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING :OPERATORS AND RIVETERS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORjr.
: 32% FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; APPLY AT
ONCE.
AMES & HARRIS.
" 100 SACRAMENTO ST.
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
. terms eaey. 816 O'Farrell, for. 1000 Van Ness.
NEAT young- German girl, housework and
plain cooking for adults. 2901A Harrison st
GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry. Six-
teenth and Valencia sts.
GIRL to care fcr two children. 601 Natoma
! street.
YOUNG girl for laundry and second work; ref-
erences. Call Monday morning, 1117 Post.
GIRL for general housework; references; wagee
$25. 1447 Clay st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; ref-
erences; wages $25. 2523 Van Ness, nr.Union.
WANTED — Girl for general housework and
cooking. 1542 McAllister st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object
WANTED— Good restaurant waitress. 7 Tay-
lor st; wages $S a week; one day off.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
ing; wages $15. 503 Devlsadero st
GIRL for light housekeeping. 2 in family. $10.
1145 McAllister st.
FEW more girls to operate on shirts or over-
alls; best of prices paid; steady work guar-
anteed; Inexperienced hands taught and paid
while learning. Apply 531 Mission st. \
AN experienced stenographer for mercantile
house; salary $50. Apply L. & M. ALEX-
ANDER (Typewriter Dealers), 110 Montgom-
' ery st.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season:
trade taught from start to finish in 1 month
for $10; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School, 143 Stockton at., rm. 13.
PICK hops in August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men, women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st. San Francisco.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS. ..-.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on ladles',
tailor-made suits: steady position. Cloak '
department M. FRIEDMAN _ CO.. 237 Post
GIRLS for factory work; good wages; no ex- j
perience necessary; steady ¦ employment.
Gulf Bag Co., 709-711 Front st.
WANTED — Experienced feeder on ruling ma- !
chine. Apply SANBORN, VAIL & CO.. 741
. Market st.
REFINED woman for position of trust with
wholesale house; references required. Box
1890, Call. ¦ . ¦ ;
BOOKBINDER Y girls wanted; experienced
hands on blank work: also girls to learn.
FRANK MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento st.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st
OPERATORS and ! finishers on men's white
shirts. ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia st.
Wholesale house requires services of woman
over#2o; accurate, trustworthy. Box 1871, Call.
NEAT appearing girl for office work; $5 per
week. 1179 Howard Bt., corner Eighth st.
LADIES can make from $10 to $30 weekly at
home. Box 1804. Call office. \
LADY to do repairing in tailor store. Call
2440 Facramento st
WOMAN wanted to cut ladles' waists. Apply,
between 10 and 11. 43' Ellis st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP AVANTED — MALE.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third St., nr. Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405.
. . FREE FARE.
NEVADA- AND UTAH
/ 8. P. CO.'S OWN WORK.
'500 laborers, $1 75 to $2 25 a day.
100 section men In all parts of California.
WE SHIP DAILY.
CHATSWORTH PARK TUNNEL.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
10 tunnelmen, $3 a day.
MENDOCINO CO.— CASPAR.
BIG LUMBER CO.
10 tunnel men $2 75 a day
10 muckers and teamsters $2 25 a day
10 laborers $2 00 a day
10 men for mills and yards, $30 to $60 a
month and board. FREE FARE. '
Jop printer, cily $3 a day
Concrete foreman $5 a day
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 69 Third St.
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 317 STOCKTON ST.
Butler, country. $40; German to tend bar,
etc., $30 and found; night cook, $12 a week;
third cook, hotel, $15; dishwasher, coffee-
house, $7 a week; sllverman, $30; pantryman,
country hotel, $20 and found; waiter, $40;
laborers for park, country. $26 and found;
pantryman, $30; vegetableman, $30, hotel,
Santa Cruz.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE," 20 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Walter, country, $30, free fare; bellboy for
country. $25; s»<?ond cook, $60.
SALESMEN wanted to carry APH-RO-DOX as
side lino; big seller; liberal commission or
salary; write for narticulars. M. CALMAN
CO., Dept. 25. Kansas City. Mo.
TRY our men's choes. union made, at $1 per
pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or orthopedic
shoes, $3 60; best shoes on earth. 11. Third
St.; Examiner building, 5 doors from Marktt
EXPERIENCED building and loan men; new
territory; salary and commission. Box lSOtJ,
Call office. - "
BOY 16 to IS to work in blacksmith shop;
light work. 3067 Twenty-third St., near
Folsom. .
1 TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
BOY wanted. JOB ROSENBERG, U.O'Far-
rell st.-, -
BOY wanted. 330 Kearny st.
YOUNG man to learn to wait at table; restau-
rant. 12C Ninth st. ' . ¦¦
2 BOYS to pass bills. Room 44, 6 Eddy gt.
BOY wanted to learn pants pressing.. 259 Ste-
¦ venson st., bet' Third and Fourth.
AVAITER wanted. 201 First st. '-
WANTED — An elderly man for dishwashing;
:¦ ; no> Sunday .work. '500 Howard st l* ?." . •
BARBERS— Shop; 2 chairs; 4 living-rooms;
lease; snap. ; 2308 Howard st. - . ;
TRY our men's Ehoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form bhoes at $2 50; we 'pay express or
, mail charpes. 11 Third St., Examiner bids.
LOST AXI* FOtnvn r«mMwn»i<.
LOST— Small black and white female dog
from Southern Pacific depot Third and
Townsend sts. Return to station agent and
receive reward. ¦
LOST— Brown Scotch collie dog. Return to
»2S Fifth ave.. Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST— Black beaded chatel.aine. containing a
two-opal ring and small change near Polk
and Butter sts. Return and receive reward,
740 Market st. ;
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
Same^f JANE BERNARD. No .127-200. Tb.
finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold ami silver to make new watch cases.
' 3IEHICAL.
MRS DR. WYETII. specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience. 728 Post st.. near Jones.
MRS DR KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities: Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 100SH Market st. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL—All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specfallst on femala
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st
DR. ROSEN. 2995 Folsom. cor. 26th—Ladl«N»'
exclusive office and home where relief is ob-
talned in all cases taken; consultation free.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 112S Market st
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female comp.; 25 yrs. exper*nce.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALJi.
BOILERS engines. 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
ALL our goods delivered on first payment; you
can buy from us. diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing, trunks,
suit cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no interest charged; It will pay you to ex-
amine our roods and prices: established 1350.
I LICHTENSTEIX BROS.. 25 Stockton at
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, rested and
exchanged See Sunday's papers. H.S.WH1TH
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 Beale st.
FOR sale— One thoroughbred blue gray Great
Dane dog; 19 months old: weighing about 1»3
lbs. G.. H. LUCKS. Mills College P. O..
box 10. Alameda Co.. Cal.
A— Fine suits. $7 60; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-.
inal MUflt Clothing Parlors. 203 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 60 DERBY and fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular. Price Hatters. S30 Kearuy st. near
Pine: open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
PERFECT oil burner for cook stove; better
and cheaper than coal or gas. A. PH1N-
NEY. 517 Market
A GOOD strong bicycle: also sewing machln*
and some furniture. 512^ Leavenworth st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sixes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st
MOVING picture film and cong sMdes. 10O
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains; camp stools and chairs, hammocks,
metal beds, mattresses. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. vBaclgalupt. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HERR-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. »10 Montg*y.
MAGIC lanterns, r.ew and 2d-hand "roving pi©«
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents^ — The Weekly Citl.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
„ MISCELLANEOUS AVANTS. '
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.; tel. Jessie 2851.
$M00 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted; highest
price paid. S22 Grant ave.: tel. Red 3932.
~r MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. .
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
eta; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 1H
Market st. tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business ia
46- principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrot bid*.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no removal:
no commission; no publicity: $23 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.nn. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant aTs^
LOANS FROM $1 to $10,000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market; phone Main 818. .
&. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their not*.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to, loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHALL'S. 10 Sixth st.
GOODNiames: 1% on furniture. 2d mortgage;
any security. 302 Montgomery st. rm. 16.
3% ON furniture A piano*; $15 up: no removal;
V. TREMA1N, room 81. 6 Eddy st. floor —
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
STAR Loan Ca of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORRELL, 6C.9 Examiner bid.
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly C*ll.
1<t pary*. In wrapper, for mailing. >l per y»— *.
A FEW snaps selected from 200; all reduced oa
account of summer season for June, July:
3 Chickering $83. $97. $1S3
2 Emerson $95, $119
2 Heine $233. $333
S Steinway. small — large upright. .$185. $3S3
New pianos from $137 up>
25 Squares from $15 up>
Piano Players. $90 up: rent reduced to $3
up, apply on purchase: Installments, one-
tenth down, two years to pay balance.
HEINE PIANO CO., 205-237 Geary st; teL'
Main 5744. '
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
CltiS; great bargain. 237 Geary st
A FEW good upright pianos from $70. compris-
ing Vose. Sterling. Jacobson, Schwechten.
Sherwood. Weser. - Marshall Sk Wendell.
Haines, Everett and others: easy Payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell »U
No branches in San Francisco.
THIS week we give BIG -BARGAINS instead
of big "ads." Our prices are all right and
our terms easy. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
BAND instruments: F. Bessop. Paris, maker.
Gus Maiwr.ld. Agt. Pac. Coast. 273 O'Farrell:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
KOHLER - CHASE. 30 O'Farrell «t; largest
and oldest piano house.
MAGNIFICENT Knabe, 3-pedal upright piano
at great loss; leaving city. 020 O'Farrell st
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
BARGAIN: good upright; must be sold at
once. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st
SOHMER. Byron Mauty-vcianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZT>308.312 Post it
SUPERIOR violin", zithers, old and new hT
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STOItES TO LET.
STORE with large basement: near Kearnr at.
See owner.. 636 Clay st.. room 1. _ .
SANSOME. 712. r.-ar Jackson— Handsome larga
store to let cheep.
, PALajisrivv^ ~
M. BELLE RUSSELL., palmist. 05 Third st"
ladles. 25c: gents. 50c; hra.lQ-9 Sunday,.'
PAPERHAXGINQ. rtc,
ROCMS papered. $3 50 up: ttntlne —tinting"
Hartmarn Paint Co.. a?MjK?SL ffiSKS
GKOKGK AOKI, 421 Post et; teU Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese,
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 6752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert? reliable help.
RELIABLE Japaneee-Chlnese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 year«.
Tel. Main 10T.7. BRADLEY Sc CO.. <U0 Clay.
EM I'LOYMEXT AV ANTED — FEMALE.
AN elderly woman wishes a position for light
housework; will assist with children. . Call
43A Rltch St.. near Third, city. .
RESPECTABLE woman wants position, house-
work and cooking. 1407 Scott st.
YOUNG' German woman wishes work by the
day, office cleaning, light house cleaning or
vesetable cleaner In Testaurant. Address by
mall. MRS. STAMMEN. r. 31. 304 Third st.
TRAINED nurse, speaking French and Eng-
lish, will travel with invalid; terms reason-
able; references exchanged. Box 1870, Call.
A THOROUGH fitter in ladles' tailor and street
suits would like engagements at $1 50 per
iday. 928 Post et; phone Hyde 3452. .
DRESSMAKING by the day; quick, and good
fitter and designer; ladies' work only. Box
18C7. Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
______——————- ————————— «—————————)
EMPLOYMENT AVAXTED — MALE.
UNION barber wants work; steady or short
hours: city. Box 1897. Call office.
A STEADY reliable and sober young man
wishes position as bartender in city or coun-
try; well experienced and with good refer-
ences. Box 1855, Call.
HONEST young man wants position In city to
work during day while attending business
college; good references. Address box 1868,
Call office. .
GARDENER wishes situation; competent in !
all branches; greenhouse, orchard, vegetables
and landscape gardening; references. Box
1SS5. Call.
PAINTER — Experienced young man wishes
position as plain painter; understands a little
English. PETER FOSTER, 1103^ Folsom.
YOUNG Japanese first-class cook wants situa-
tion; private family; city. GEORGE, 515
O' Farrell st. _______
PAINTING, paperhanging, tinting and plas-
tering at the lowest prices and best work.
WM. HAPP. 134 Fulton St.; tel. Page 1421.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st\
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
Eold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post.
~~ * rLATit TO . LET> ¦>
HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list: ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and trouble.
Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary st, on
the square.
PARK flats; sew; elegantly finished: on See-
ond ave. and C St., one block to McAllister
cars; 6 rooms, 0 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$28 to $45; sunlight all around; open.
FLAT, 7 rooms and bath; sunny; convenient;
• suitable for doctor. 624 Green . et
QK-ENWICH. 2727— Upper; sunny: « roomi;
new; marine view; $25; open.
NICE 7-room flat: new; tinted; reasonable. 447
Broderick st, bet Hayes and Fell.
NICE, sunny upper flat 6 rooms and bath.
1730 Ellis et. near Stelner.
TO LET— Flat of 4 rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LSNT." 14 Post st
$11— LOWER flat. 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
st. off Market, between Valencia & Guerrero.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
A FLAT to rent and new furniture for pale;
bargain. 1553 Post st. ; inquire forenoon.
~ FLATS WANTED] '.
FAMILY of four adults wants 8-room houee or
flat in vicinity of Panhandle; rent $35. Ad-
dress box 1834, Call office.
WANTED — Furnished flat or cottage of from 7
to 10 rooms; will ins: to pay good price for
desirable location. Answer box 1S22, Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. ; ~
EIGHT-room house newly furnished cheap; go-
ing away. 1435 Mission st.
FURNITURE AVANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44Ci
buys, rents, rpjialrs. packs furniture, carpets.
HELP AVAXTED — FEMALE.
AT'c7~RT1[L\Nin3N'irca^sT!^^
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, city'hotel,. $30.
- 10 waitresses, springs, Sonoma and Lake
countiec free fare, $25.
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, $25.
- 2 waitresses. R. R. eating-house, free fare,
$20.
Waitresses, Santa Cruz Mountains, $25.
Waitress, resort, no uniform, $25. . '
2 waitresses, south, free fare, $20.
C waitresses, city, $20 and $25.
Chambermaids, city, $20.
Restaurant waitress, city, $1 25 a day.
Fancy Ironer, Lake Tahoe, free fare both
ways. $35.
Fancy ironer, summer resort, $35.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook, ranch, fare paid, $32 CO; houseglrl,
ranch, Salinas, fare paid, $25; a woman to
take care of old lady and do sewing, ,$20;
• nurseglrl, take care of 3 children, see party
here at 10 o'clock, $20; housekeeper, country,
2 men, $12; cooks, houseglrls, nurseglrls, sec-
ond girls, city and country, best of wages.
C. P.. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush st.
TWO young ladles for street fairin Santa
Cruz, wages $2 per day; a parlor maid and
waitress, $30; two young second girls for city,
$25 each; two waitresses for city, $25 each;
two waitresses for city, $20 each; a first-
class cook, $50; a kitchen maid for institu-
tion, $35; a Waitress for institution, $25; a
refined nurse, $25. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Eutter st, near Powell. •
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 317 STOCKTON ST.
First-class American cook, country,: $45; 3
German cooks, $40, $35 and $30; 3 second
girls, $25; French or German maid and seam-
stress, S25; 2 French second girls,: $25; laun-
dress, $30; young , girls for housework. $25
and $30. .
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z in 2 weeks for $4 60; position.!
guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13: maids prepared.
HAIRDRESSING. manicuring, massage, scaip
treatment, hair work, removal of superfluous ,
hair; $5 2 weeks; day and eve. class; wages
$10 to $20 wk. 1236 Market, cor. Jones, r. 9i.
A— OPERATORS on ladies' underwear; good
wages; steady position. I. MAGNIN' & CO..-
050 Mission st. . ¦
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladies' waista:
good wages: steady employment 656 . Mls-
bIoii st. I. MAGNIN & CO. -
A— OPERATORS wanted on children's and in*
. rants* wear; steady position; good wages. I.
UAGNIN & CO.. 056 Mission st.
A. RELIABLE girl for general housework • and
cooking: email family," in a flat. Apply at
ll>35 Ellis st. , ; ;.; ;.
Why scold your wife if cook has left?
Save trouble, noise and bother.
Go place a Want Ad. in The Call
And quickly get another.ALONG THE WATER FRONT
for . July lft—Stmr City of Topeka. for
Skagway; stmr Tampico, for Nome.
» ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived July IS— Bktn S O
Wilder. hen« July 4; schr Honolpu. from
Honoivu, having been ashore and lost two
anchors.
Sailed July 18 — Br stmr Anglla, for London.
KAHULUI— Sailed July 17— Stmr Argyll, for
San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS. • -\
NEW YORK— Arrived July 19— Stmr Biuch
er. from Hamburg. Southampton and Cher
bourg; stmr Celtic, from Liverpool and Queens
town; stmr' ColumbiaT from Glasgow and Mo
vllle;- stmr La Gascogne. from Havre; stmr
St Paul, from Southampton and Cherbourg.
LrVERPOOL— Arrived July 19— Stmr Ara
bic, from New York.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed July 19— Stmr Pots
dam, for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed July IS— Stmr Barbarosa.
for New York. ' •
United States Coast and Geodcl'.c Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance i to San
Francisco Bay. Published dj cftloial au
thority of the Superintendent;
NOTE — Th«! high and low waters occur at
the city front (Misslon-*treet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
MONDAY. JULY 20.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 19, 6 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD.
WEATHER BEPOBT.
Steamer. From. ( Due.
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria July 20
Herodot Seattle July 20
Alliance...... Portland & Way Ports. July 20
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports July 20
Nevadan..;.. Honolulu & Kahulul... July 20
San Mateo. . . . Tacoma July 20
N. Maru China & Japan July 20
Ramona San fedro & Way Ports July 21
Lothian...... Hongk'g via Manzanlllo July 21
Eureka. ...... Humboldt July 21
Alameda Honolulu July 21
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports..... July 21
Chlco Coqullle River...'., July 22
Tltania Nanalmo .....July 22
Corona. Humboldt .;....• July 22
J. Dollar. Seattle & Tacoma. . . . . July 22
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Ports July 23
Newport New York via Panama. July 23
Del Norte Crescent City July 23
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria July 24
: M. Dollar. . . . Everett July 24
I Silesia Hamburg & Way Porta. July 24
Point Arena. . Point Arena, July 24 I
Arcata ... Coos Bay. & Pt. Orford. July 25
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. July 25
Klval Willapa Harbor July 25
?•iueen Puget Sound Ports July 26
Curacao Mexican Ports July 27
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. . . July 27
C avering China & Japan July 28
City Para.... New York via Panama. July 20
Ramona San Pedro & Way Ports July 29
¦ TO SAIL.
• Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
. , Jnly 20.
Arctic .Humboldt 112 m Pier 10
Czarina Coos Bay direct 5 pmiPier 8
Arcata Coos B.& Pt. Orford 4 pm|Pler 13
Pt. Arrna... Point Arena 4 pmjPler 2
Coos Bay... Newport & Way.. 9 pm Pier 19
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Pts.. 11 am|Pler 27
San Pedro... Humboldt 4 pm|Pier 2
July 21. I
Pomona...... Humboldt |l:30 p|Pier 10
Argo Eel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
Jnly 22.
I&Qua Humboldt 9 pm Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 amjPier 24
gamier Seattle tc Whatcom 4 pm|Pi*r 10
North Fork.. Huir.ixil.lt 5 pm|Pier 2
Jnly 23. j
Centralla Grays Hafrbor 4 pmiPier 10
Eureka Humboldt /. 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal. Ban Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 13
Dcric China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
July 24. | 1
Corona Humboldt 11:30 pfPler 1C
Herodot Hamburg & Way..| 2 pmiPier 23
Ramona.... g a n Pedro * Way. 9 amIPler 19
Jnly 25.
Cfcico Coquille River 4 pm Pier 2
Olympic Whateom & F'h'n. 10 am Pier 2
Umatilla Puget Sound Pts.. 11 am Pier 27
Lothian China A Japan Pier —
City Sydney, n. Y. via ranama.|12 m Pier 40
Alameda.... Honolulu 1 11 ami Pier 7
Jnly 27. I
G.W.Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am|Pier 24
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Jnly 29. *
Rival Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Jnly 3O. ' J
Queen Puget Sound Ports. [11 am Pi*r"27
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. » For. | Sails.
Eureka Nome July 20
Spokane...... Skagway & Way Ports. July 21
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 22
Oregon Nome ;.... July 23
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. July 23
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 26
Farallon..... n Skagway & Way Ports. July 27
Al-KI Skagway & Way Ports. July 28
Nome City... Cooks Inlet ft Way PtfijJuly 20
City Topeka. . SRagway & Way Ports. | July 30
Ohio Nome & St. Michael... | Aug. 1
Excelsior...:. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. | Aug. 1
A*tec..' .. Nome '.....;... Aug. 1
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... Aug. t
Senator Nome Aug. 6
. ¦ • ' I i| BBji yp-k I
STATIONS. • • • 3 S ; g 3 g, 3 I '.,.%.
:"* c c :¦'• : . §
'.??'. l •
Baker ........20.86 82 68 NW Pt.Cldy T.
Carson .......29.78 80 4« W Clear .00
Fresno 29.84 ' 80 60 NW Clear .00
FlaBBtafT 2-J.82 84 48 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Independence 29. 71 8S 66 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Lob Angeles.. 20. 86 78 CC SW Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.29,08 06 56 W Clear .00
North Head -•• M
Phoenix 20. C8 106 78 NW Clear .00
Pocatello, Ida.29.80 00.48 SK Clear . .00
Portland 20.94 7S M:NW Clear
Point Reyes... 29. 94 56 48. 'NW Clear .00
Red Bluff.... .29. 34 86 68 SE 'Clear .00
Roseburg 29.90 78 50 N Clear .00
Sacramento .. 2». 88 7t» 62 SW Clear .00
Salt Lake •. 58 .,',...
San Francisco.30.00 60 48 W Clear \ .00
8. -L. Oblspo..20.06 68 50 W Clear ¦ .00
San Diego.... 29.90 : 68 , 02' W Clear .0i)
Seattle.... 9.98 '76 62 NW Clear .00
Kpokane .....29.84 86 CO NW Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.00 68 50 SW. Cloudy '.00
Walla Walla. .29.78 92 64 SE. Clear- .06
Wlnnemucca .29.76 86 60 W ..Clear .00
Yuma 29.60 104 72 W Cles# .QQ
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND "(^RfERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the Pacific Slope,
except cloudy along the Washington coast. It
is also cloudy in Western Texas, and New
Mexico. A thunderstorm is reported ¦ from El
Paso. High southwest winds are reported at
Modena, northeast at El Paso and west at
San Francisco. ¦ ; .-..¦¦-.. .
The pressure has fallen over the Rocky
Mountain region" and Southern California; in
other districts the changes have * been slight.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary In all districts. It remains below the
normal throughout California.
Forecast-made at San Francisco for ; thirty
hours* ending midnight, July 20:
Northern California— Fair Monday; freth
west 'wind. *'.-'¦¦• :
Southern California — Fair Monday; light
west wind. " . ."
¦ Nevada— Fair Monday, i - - ' •
San Francisco t and vicinity — Fair Monday;
brisk west - wind.' G. H. WILLSON.
, faofcal Forecaster, temporarily ia char—. -
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY — Sailed July 18 — Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco.
¦ BANDON — Arrived July 19 — Stmr Chlco.
hence July IB.
PORT J LUDLOW— Arrived July 19— Bktn
Klikltat. from* Port" Gamble.
¦ TA TOOSH— ffassed out /July 19— Stmr Uma
tilla,' for Sa» Francisco; achr King Cyrus, for
San Francisco; ptmr Mackinaw. • for San Fran
cisco: Nor barlr Avantt, f or Delanoa , Bay.
- Passed in July 19— Schr Nellie Coleman.for
Seattle : ¦ bark Challenger, : from Mazatlan. for
Chemalnvsv
TACOMA— Sailtd July 19 — Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Francisco. - - <#>
PORT HARFORD — Sailed July 19 — Stmr
Santa Cruz, for San Francisco. ;
' REDONDO^ — Sailed July 19 — Stmr^ South
Bay, 'for San Francisco. .
'. Arrived July 19 — Stmr Newburg, from Aber
8ANPHDRO—Sailed July ,* 12 — Stmr. Ramo
na, for San Francisco/ - . 1 ¦
¦ Arrived ¦ July 19 — Tug Collins. . from , San
Francisco. ' r .. '
ABERDEEN— Sailed July 10 — Schr Melrose.
for Redondo. . ' .
BEATTXE— Sailed July 19— Stmr Dolphin,
POINT LOBOS. July 19. 10 p m— -Weather
foggy; wind W, velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SUpplng Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, July 10.
Stmr Leelanawr, Monroe, 88 hours from Ta-
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 17 hours from Eu-
Stmr Etlith. Hall, 94 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Gualala, Johnson, 20 hours from West-
P Stmr Redondo, Krog, 20 hours from Eureka.;
bound south; put in to land passengers.
Stmr Iaqua, Bonlfleld, 19 hours from Eureka,
Stmr Gipsy, L«land, 22 hours from' Moss
Landing. "
Stmr Centralla. Erickson, 23 houps from
Stmr* Arco, Dunham, 24 hours from Eel
Stmr Olympic, Hansen, 70 hours from Falr-
Stm'r Sequoia, Wlnk'el, 50 hours from San
Stmr No'rth Fork, Nelson, 24 hours from
Eureka.
Bark Martha Davis, ' McAlman, 27 days from
Schr Excelsior, Trudgen. 4 days from Wil
lapa Harbor. -
Schr Ida A, Campbell, . 4 hours from Point
Re>e8 - SAILED. -
Sunday, July 19.
Strnr Santa Rosa, Alexander," San Diego.
Stmr Fulton, Lee, Mendoclno.
Stmr Centennial, Klltgaard, Seattle.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, Point Arena.
Stmr Biooklyn, Higgins, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, Mendoclno.
Stmr Redondo. ,Krog, San Pedro.
Bark Alden Besse. Kecsel, . Honolulu..
Bark Coryrhine, Schildrop, Puget Sound.
Schr Mayflower, Gudmanson, Coqullle River.
Sun rises 5:02
Sun sets 7:23
Moon rises 2:01 a. m.
•O Tlmel Time Time) Time
£ 1 Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
" L W| H W L W| H W
20 f 1-501 0.21 8:57 4.1 1:20 2.7 7:&1 6.9
21 2:43-0.4 9:55 4.4 2:20 2.7 8:28 6.0
£> 3-33— 0.S 10:46 4.7 a: 16 2.7 9:23 tS.2
23 *¦ 1.1 111:31 5.0 4:09 2.8 10:16 6.3
21 5~:05— 1.2112:14 5.2 5:02 2.4 11:10 6.2
25 6:51—1.1112:55 5.3 6:56 2.3
2a 0:06 6.01 6:36— 0.8| 1:35 6.5 6:51 2.1
NOTE^ In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning: tides are given In . the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
glen precedes the heights, and then the number
•riven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the
mean of the lower low waters.
Sailor Breaks an Arm.
Hans A. Laithe, a sailor on board the steam
ship Gualala, whlcn arrived in this port yes
terday from Weatport, had his left arm broken
above the elbow while assisting In loading the
vessel at Westport. The accident was caused
by the parting of a cable. Laithe was re
moved to the Marine Hospital in this city.
Fire broke out yesterday afternoon In
a Chinese lodging-house In Sullivan alley
in the rear of 718 Jackson street. It was
caused by one of the female inmates al
lowing the flame from a gas burner to
ignite some mosquito netting In her bed
room. The inmates were quickly removed
and an alarm turned In from box 25. The
firemen soon extinguished the blaze. The
fire caused considerable excitement
among the Chinese in Sullivan and Cum
Cook alleys. The loss will amount to
about $1000, half of It being caused by
water damaging the stock In a store un
der the lodging-house.
Fire in Chinatown.
Among the clergy present were Fathers
Crowley, Morgan, Cranwell, Heverin,
Moran. Cantwell, O'Hara, Murphy, Doran
Rnd O'Connell. Father Grant preached
an eloquent sermon on the duties and re
sponsibilities of the priesthood. Brothers
Benedict. Agnon, Valatlan and Xenophon
of St. Mary's College, Oakland, of which
the young;, prfcBt is an alumnus, were
present to witness the momentous event
In the life of their former pupil.
-Father StUIivartls a.-native,of S3n Fran
cisco and was graduated from St. Mary's
College in 1S98. Subsequently he under
went i a five-year course in theoloey in
the University, of Lille, in Northern
France. . He is only 23 years of age and is
one of the youngest priests ever ordained
on the Pacific Coast. He haa not yet
been assigned to a parish. His superiors
predict a notable career for him in the
priesthood.
Father "William P. Sullivan, who was
ordained a priest of the Catholic Church
at St. Mary's Cathedral last Thursday by
Archbishop Montgomery, celebrated his
first mass yesterday at St. Patrick's
Church.. The ceremony was especially
brilliant and well attended. Father Con
nolly of St. Paul's was assistant celebrant
and Father Butler of St. John's and
Father Keane of St. Joseph's acted re
spectively as deacon and sub-deacon.
Father Collopy of St. Patrick's was mas
ter of ceremonies.
Father William P. Sullivan Begins
Performance of Sacred Duties
Before Brilliant Assemblage.
NEWLY ORDAINED PRIEST
CELEBRATES FIRST MASS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 20, 1903.
TO. ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Leaves for Honolulu.
The bark Alden Beese, Captain Kissel, sailed
yesterday for. Honolulu with a cargo of mer
chandise.
The ferryboat Cazadero, which runs be
tween this city and Sausalito, was unable . to
make her regular trip from the ferry here to
Sausalito at 2:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon
owing to an accident to the engines. The boat
was loaded with passengers and the break
was not discovered until she was preparing to
leave the 'slip.
Slight Accident to Cazadero.
Among the passengers were Captain P.^ A.
Doran, . former commander of the Columbia,
and his wife. Captain Dorftn has -recently re
turned from Europe, where he has been spend
ing his vacation. On the next voyage of the
Columbia he will take command, and Captain
Randall will return to the steamshia G. W.
Elder. ¦;?: v . ' ¦
The steamship Columbia, Captain, Randall,
arrived in this pert last Saturday night with
passengers and a cargo of ' merchandise from
Astoria and Portland. ¦
9
AUCTION SALES
THE FINAL SALE
—OF—
Trotting Horses
From SAXTA RuSA STOCK FARM
(Estate cf Henry fierce, deceased).
Will Take Place
WEDNESDAY. July 22. 1003.
Commencing at 10:50 a. m. *
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
240 Third St.. S. F.
This sale includes all the mares, colts, geld-
ings and miles on the farm. Amon* them ar*
many with records, and teven three-year-olds,
that have trotted quarters better than 33 sec-
onds, •ans and daughters of Sidney Dillon (tlr»
of Lou Dillon, 2:03% champion): Direct. 2:05>V.
Palo Alto. 2:08%: Inferna. S:24Vi: Altamont.
2:21; Beau B. 2:16%: L. W. Russell. Almont-
tlon, 2:24»4. etc.. out of famous broodmare*—
the finest Individuals as well as the choicest
bred ever led Into a sales rln*. All are thor-
oughly broken, handsome and gentle. TJi-y
represent the result of many years' study on
the part of Mr. Pierce, and seekers ait«r hlgn
cla*s trotters and pacers, splendid Droodm»r>?'»
with foals by Sidney Dillon at foot, will gst
what they want at this sale. It will be tfca
last opportunity to get such well-bred horse*
at auction. Xo reserve or limit: every anbna*
must be «>Id. Catalogues issued Tuesday.
July 14. Horses at salesyard July 19.
WM. O. LAYNO. Livestock .Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE OK
HORSES WAOONS HARXESS
WEDNESDAY. July 22. «t 11 a. m.
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH
ST. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
jfc* £?S &S
To b« sold at auction, 34 work and business
hors«a. camp, peddling and express wagon*,
bugffies. surreys, carts and hfn'sa. at 1140
Folsom st.. TUESDAY. July 21. 11 a. m.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
! T * mMmmX w^ a^sssss^r Hnm l
> QUta Line. Toot of Market 8 tret ) V
Skate — Fiom Jc»» M. 1*08. — abbjtJ
~7.«U Bentets, 6u;ino, Elmlra »nd 8*er»-
jnento 7-Jf»
74)04. VaeaTllle. Wlntw*. Baiasey. 7.25»
7.30a Vmrtlnet, Saa Ramon, YaUeJo,
K»ps, Callatogn, 8»at» Boea 6 T5r
7-30a »nes. Lfttbrop. Stockton 7.21T
••00a DaTis, Woodland. Knights Lundto*.
Maryiville. OrovlUs. (connects
atMsrytTlUe for Grldlpy,BlK»
andColco) .J-5§»
I.COa Atisotlc Express— Ogden snd pa«. 10.254
BOO* Fort Costa, Martlnes. Antioch. By-
roa,Trscy,StocktoD,Sacrsmento,
Lot Banos. MendoU. Osoford.
Vlfmlla. PoMerrflle M«iS»
8.00a Port Costa. Martinet. Laihrop, Mo-
desto, Merced. Freaao. Oothen
Junction. Hanford. Visalia,
BftkerrnsM B.25»
8^0a Sfessta Express— D«t1s. 'Williams
(for Bartlett 8*rtns»>. Willows.
tFrsto, Red Bluff. Po/tland 743)
8.30a Klles. Saa Jose, Llvennore. Stock*
lon,IOBe.S»cr»mento,I'lscfr»ll!e,
Marysvtlle. Cilco. 2«d Bluff 4.28»
SZOa O»kd«le. Chiaesa. Junestowa. So-
' nors, Tuolnmne and Angela ..... 4.253
8.00a Martinez and Way Stations S 66»
10.00a Vallejo.. 12.2S*
M0-00a Cre*eentClty Expreis. Eaatboond.
—Port Costa. Byron. Tracy. La-
tarop. Stockton. Merced, Ray*
mond. Fresno, Hanford, Yballa,
Bakertfleld, Le* An^ewt and
Kew Orleans. (Westboond ar-
rlves as Pselfle Coast Express.
via CoaJt Line) #1.301
10.00a The Overland Limited — Osden.
Denver. Omaha. Chicago. , 6.25»
12.00V Hmjrwurd. Nile* «nd W«y Station*. 3.2S»
t1.C0F Sacramento River Ste*mera~ til. CO*
3-50r Benlcta, ¦Winters, 8*croaiento. ,
Woodland. Wllllamt. Colusa,"W»-
lowt. Knlsnts I.andlng. Msryt-
vllle, Oroville and way stationi.. 10 Jo*
3 ?0r Hayward. Klles and Way SUtlons.. 7 66»
4C0r Martlnes.SiinIUmon.V*lle3o.J{ap«,
Caltttoga. Sanu Rom. ? *5*
4-OOr Martinrz.Traey.Lathrop.8tocktoa. 1025 a
400f Nile*. Llvermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 425r
4-20f Haj ward. Itllea. Irrtngtoa. Bam I 1B.S5*
Jose. LlvermoTe .' f J11.6&*
tmr The Owl Limited— fretno, Tnlare,
BskeisBeld, Los Aoxeles; con-
nects at e»ugus for Stcta Bar-
bara. 1-85*
hXXOr Ton Costa, Tracy, Stockton. Lo*
Banos .\ '2-2|*
tS3Cr Nlle». San Jom Loc»I — . 725a
8-COp Hsyward. N»e» and 6an Jo^ 10-2&*
%AQr OrienUkl Mall— Ogden. Denver. .
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. (Carries Pullman Car pat-
sengei? eaiy out of San Fran-
cisco. Tourist car and coach
passes ?ers take 7.G0 r. m. train
to Reno, continalng thence la
their cars C r.n. train eattward.. i-Zl*
TTftbound, Santet Llislted.— •
From New York. Chicago, New
Orleans. £1 Puo. Lot Angeles,
Fretno. Berenda, R^ymcnd (Cram
Yoecmlte), Mmrtlnes. Arrive*.. 8.23a
7X0r Ean Pablo. Port Costa. Martlae*
and Way Eution*. 11.28a
J74)0» Vallejo a 7.66»
7-CDt Port Ucsta, Benid*. Sulsun, Davis,
Sscramento, Truckee. Beno.
Stops at all stations east of
Sacramento 7.55a
8 C6f Oregon A California Kxpr*t»— S«o-
ramento, Marytvllle. Redding.
Portland. Paget Sound and East. J S5 a
t9-10r Hayward, Klles aad Ban Joae (3un-
tUyonly) {1165*
11.26^ Port Costa. Tracy. Lothrop. Vo
de»to. Merced. Raymond (to Yo>
semlte), Fresno 12 2F»
Hnnford. Yiaalla. BaKersfield 6.£S>
COAST LINE (Sarww UaajtJ.
(Foot of M*aktt Street.)
'tJASx Sanu Crux Excursion (Saaday
only) J8.10*
8.15a Kawark. Cent«rvtu*. Saa Joae.
Felton. Boalaer Creek, SsnU
Cruz and Way StaUona... ........ B2&>
12.10 Kewark. CentervllI.e. S»n Jom.
New Almndf n, Lo» Cato«.Felton.
Boalder Creek. Santa Cms and
Principal Way Button* 10.55a
4.11' Newark, Saa Jote. Los Ostos aad
way sutions (oa Saturday sod
Sunday runs through to Stint*
Croz, connects at Felton for
Boulder Creek. Monday oaly
from 8»nU Cn»i) t9-53 >
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From 8AM tKA> CISCO, Foot of Market St. <Sltp8>
— fJ:15 9:00 11.00 a.*. 100 3-CO 5.15 r.a.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — 1<:00 i3:0t
t8:05 10:00a.m. 12 00 200 400r.it.
COAST LINE (Broad tiaige).
(Third and Totra»cnd Street*.)
610a Ban Jote and Way SUtloat 730»
t7 CO a San Jose and Way Sutions 830f
/7 00a KewAlmaden S4-ViT
17.1 D> Monterey *nd Santa Crux Eicnr
tlon (Sandsy only) U3O
•8.00a Co»»t Line Limited — Stop* only San
4o»e.Qilror.OoUUter.P»J»ro.C&*-
trovilie. Salinas. Eaa Ardo,P***
Iloblea. 8*nu Marjrsrl tn, 8>n Lul»
Obtspo,(prinrip*!iUtloDsthenee) .
Santa Barbara, and Let Ad-
gelf t. Connection at CattrovlM*
to and from Monterey and Padfla
Grove and st Pajaro north bound
frcm Capitol* and Sanu Cms.... 1Q.4S*
• *0a 8*n Jote, Tre* Pino*. Capitol*,
banta Crni. Pacific Grove.Salin**,
San Luis Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Button* 4.18*
writbound only. 1'aoiflc Cout Ex-
ere**.— From New Vork,Chl«»Ko,
Kew Orleans. El Paso. Los 1»
I_ __ gtlet, Santa Barbara. Arrtrcs.. 1 J0»
1030a Can Jote snd Way Sutions 1.20*
«1-30 a Ean Jote, Los G»tos and Way Sta-
; ' tion* S.3B>
•1 30f Ban Jc*e and Way Statlom.. ....... x 700v
t CO Ban Jote at>d Way Statlona J4.40*
1134)0ri>«] Monte Exprr«»— S*nt* Clar*.
o e*n Jcte. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cnu. Boalder
Creek and Harrow Gauge Point*) f1 2.15*
OiXQv BnrllBgame. San Mateo, Redwood,
Menlo Park. P»lo Alto, Msyflrlrt,
Monntaln View, Lawrence, Santa
Clara, San Jose, Gllroy (connes-
tlrn for Bolllster. Tre* PlnofO.
P*J*ro (connection for Wa!*on-
vyte. Capitol* and &act* Crnz).
• Pacific Grove and way ataiion*.
Connects at Caitrovllle for 6a-
.„ 10-48*
•j-SOr San Jote ai# nay sutJont 138*
•tSXfir Baa Joie. (vU Stat.i Clara) Los
Gatos, Wright aad PilncljalTVay . -
Stations W.Cua
o55-20v San Jote *ndPrlnclpslWsy Statlont *8 00a
•1B.1&T Saa Mateo, Beiecford.Betaiont. Saa •
Carlo.. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto. „ t8.48A
6.2Cr San Jote and TTay Sttttloo*. S 3Sa
•7-COr Snnset Limited. Kuttbonnd.— San
Luis Oblspo. Sanu Burb*r*, Lot
Angeiet, urinlng. EJ Pas«s Xrw
' Orietai. Kew York. (Wettbonnd
arrlvrtti»S*nJc*<inio Valley)... v8 25*
8. CCr Palo Alto *BdW*ySU«oB«........ 10-IBi
»lU0i M lilt r»e. Palo Alto and W*y Sta-
• • tlont. . ta 4K»
«11J0>MiUbr*e. Ban Jot* and'way's'u^ '•**•*
*°™ • r8.4S»
v > t I2 r M<>rnl »fc . , * tor Af ternooa. "~"
X Ettnrday and Sunday only.
{Stop* st all ttatlons oa Sunday.
1 Sunday excapted. I Sunday only.
cratnrdayoiily.
• Connect! at Goshen Jc. with trains for Htnfort.
> •Vlaalla. At Fretno. for Vlaalla vl* Sanger
«vi« Coatt Llae. j Tcetday and Friday
i «v,i T^rjo. 2 Q nS-v: n^! ljre:icepiSiitart *'-
1 Stop* Santa Clara tonth bound only. Connecta
-except Sunday, for all polntt Karrow Gauze. '
»JDoc# uot ttoc at VHencUBt.
WEE^CALL
• ¦
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.
<• BY
HE1TBY P. SMITH.
The Art Supplement vrith th»
Sunday Call of July 20 will
make a most attractive picture
if framed with three or four
inch Flemish dark green oak
and" powdered gold ornamenta-
tions.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
California
Limited...
To CHICAGO
[flilliilS] or Th° se Who
SANTA FE TRAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot "-*'
~^~ I Local I Llm'd I Local | OVrl'd
_^ I Dally I Daily | Dany I Dally
Lv. San Fran.. 7:30 a 9:30 a 4:00 p| 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton... 10:40 a 12:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
"Merced 1:05 p lJ6p 1:28 a ;
"Freano 2:40 p 3:20 p 3:16 a
"HanXord .. 4:58 p iittl p 7:50 a
"Visalia 4:55 p 4:48 p. .. 6:00 a
"Bakersfleld 7:15 p 6:00 p 7:35 a
" Kansas City 2:35 a 7:00 a
" Chicago 2:16 p 8:47 p
a for morning; p for afternoon. •"
7:30 a. m. Dally is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
9:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday is the
CAUPORNXA LIMITED, carrying: Pal-
ace. Sleeping- Cars and Dining Cars
through. to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
fleld Jor accommodation of local first-clas* P*»-
: sengers." No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train, arrives at
; 11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Daily, Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
' field and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives* at 11:10 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Dally is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; al»o
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leave San Francleco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday .at 8 p. m.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry De-
pot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HY. CO.
LjESSE3E3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAXX.WAT COMPACT 1 .
Tiburon Perry, .t'oot of Marie* St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAH EAFAEI..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 8:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30, 8:40. 6:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. ra.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30, 8:00, 9:30, ll:0O a. m.; l:S0,
, 2:3O. 3:40, 5:10. 6:30. ll:3O p. m.
SAN BAFASL TO SAST FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50, 7:35. 7:50. 0:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, t2:00. 3:40, 5:00, 5:20.
6:25 p. m. Saturdays^ — Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35, 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40, 4:50. 5:00, 5:20. 6:10, 6:25 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays. _^
Leave J In Effect I Arrive
San Franciaco.l May 3. 1903. )San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a ' 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40 a
8:00 a 0:30 a Ignado. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:80 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
: ¦ 7:2Sp
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:46 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato, 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
Windsor,
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg, 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30p 2:30p GeyservlHe. 7:25p 7:25 p
:.- ¦ . Cloverdale. i
7:30 al 7:00 al Hopland 110:20 allO:20 a
2:30p| 2-.S0 p! and Ukiah. f 7:25 p[ 7:25 p
7:30 al 7:30 a| WHUt». | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 a| Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guernevllle. j 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p' 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae (or San
Quentln, at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at GeyservlHe for Skaggs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers, Booneville and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, High-
land Springs, Kelseyvtlle, Carlsbad Springs,
Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley, John Day's.
Riverside, Lleriy's, BucknelUs, Sanhedrla
Heights, Hullvtlle. Orr*s Hot Springs. Half-
way House, Comptche, Camp Stevens, Hop-
kins, M*-ndodno City, Fort Bragg, Westport.
Usal; at Willits for Fort Bragg. Westport,
Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville, Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Garberville Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate*
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket-office. 650 Market street, Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
HT0 SAN RAFAEL,
SAII QUENTIN,
Ml! L VALLFY-
CAZADERO. ETC.
¦via Sausalito Perry
""WEEK" DAYS~(Holldays excepted)— «:«.
+•7-45 8:45, 0:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. *1:45, 3:15,
4 15 t5:i5 •«U5. 6:45. 9, 11:45 p. m.
•7:45 a. m. train week days doe« not run to
M SUNDAYS AND LEGAL. HOLIDAYS— 7.
+8 t*0, tno, 11. Ul :30 a. m., tl2:30, fl:30.
2-35 •3:50.JS. 6, 7:30. 9, 11:43 p. m.
'Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. Those
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 6:16 p. m. Satur.
day*. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train runs
tO FROMSAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week day*-£:25. *6:25, 7:40. 8:15. ;9:35.
11:05 a. m.. 12S50. 2:20, J3:45. 4:50, 6:30, 6:«,
1 °SUN P DA 3 YS-«ll5. 7:35 JS:10. 9:40. U0:53.
111-43 a.m.. 12:50. 2:36. J3:25, 4:40, J5:5O.
e-f>5, 7:35. 10:20 p. m. .
Trains marked U> start from San Quentln.
iFROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 6:45. 6:40. 7:43, 8:23.
9:457 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 5:15. 5:10. 7:03.
10-40 p.'m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:53. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:03,
1-05 2:40.-3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
.' . THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a.- m.. , week days — Caxadero and way
stations. . . • . :
6:16 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and. way stations. • . • - ¦ . ¦
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and -way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m.. Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFSICE— 026 Market st. .
FERRY — Foot of Market st. .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Tta . Swalito Farrr Arrive ' -
SaaFran. Not »f EirtM St. San Fran. -
Week Sun- _"pTl "^ Son-. | Week"
9:4.5a 8:OOa fg^&SggHl 1*:OOn t»: l.Vt
l:45p 9:0O A \ra§SC3**ei? 13:SOr3:3Or
5:lSrlO:OOA \&£§»ra|7 3:3Op 5:5Or
, ,,,', 2:35r ¦' ' -';. 8:OOp ...-„ ;
htaiitji only, k*w TrtaiT SiSOr.MTmlf. ll:3Or
•- TICIK • 1 628 MASJurr St., (North Shore Railroad;
- OrnCB i and Sausauto Ferbv, Foot Market Su '
nKAI. K8TATE CITY FOR S-**'^-.
A BARGAIN.
A lovely home. 7 room?, batli and basement;
built in l'.Kil by a master mechanic end con-
tractor for his own use and thoroughly done; |
circular •windows; Inlaid polished floors; par- j
lore, birdpeve maple; hall, oak: others In !
harmony: grand vl'.w; private gas plant: ¦
very tastefully finished: must be seen to be .
appreciated; investigate: complete; $0000:
house alon<\$4500. MOSSMAN.850 Market.r.5.
CHEAP LOTS— EASY PAYJIENTS.
$11CO— Lot 25x125; Fair O?.ks; eunny Fide;
bet. 25th and 2tfth; $4U0 cash, bal. lor.g time.
$1000 — Lot 25x81; San Jose ave., bet. 26th
and Army Fts.
f5T«0 each — 2 lots; Duncan st.
S200 each — 3 lets; Bronte st. . V% ,
$200 each— 2 lots on Gates st.
J. F. PLUMBE, 1402 Valencia st.
51S00— PAYMENT en 2 new flats on Mission
St.. near 20th: will pay 22 per cent; rents
$45 per month. j
$1500 — Payment en 2 new flats en Army Ft., |
near Mission: will pay 20 per cent; rents
for JMS per month. |
D. COFFIN. 3S03 Minion Et. Open Sunday, j
FOR PALE— Houne of 8 rooms, high ba**-
rnent; tunny sble of Nineteenth st.. between
Valencia ar..1 Mission: must sell: no reason-
able offer rtfused. STEPHENS & CO.. 221
Powell st.
THE BUILDING VoNSTRt'CTION COM-
PANY. 511-612 Callaghan building, will buy
jcu a lot and build you a house: small cash
payrr<ent- $S p«r month pays principal and
interest on each $1000 of balance due. |
WHOLE block cf houses Just started near the j
Park on Carl. Cele.Shrader & Parnassus ave. ;
plans, term*, price* to suit; apply premises.
JAMES ROUNTREE & CO.. 137 Carl gt.
NEV." houses and flats on Second ave. and C
Ft. for eale on easy payments; one block to
McAllister cars; prices to suit you: open.
6-ROOM house en Twenty-first near Castro.
J. ANDERSON, builder.
REAL ESTATE — Country— For Snle.
GREAT, barsairi— Highly improved 22-acre
ranjh In thermal belt. Fantc Cruz Moun-
tain*; exceationallv fine climate, said to be
superior Ea Pasadena; abundance of finest
spring water: 2 miles from R. R. station and
close to school. N.J. Barton. Ben LomonJ.Cal.
ALFALFA !ar.<55. ttoelc ranches, orchards, j
vinevards: inspected bargains: monthly cata- i
lopue !>ert free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 048
Maricet ft.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AliAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded bv flowers and fruit trees: near
train and schools; only $2S3O; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 14C1. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
FOR sale — New house of « rooms; Fair Oaks
ft., west Of Caroline. Encinal Park. Apply
to J. H. YOUNG. 12*3 Park St.. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
CFSTCE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
. ; i
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$30C0— NEARLY rew, modern colonial cottage
of 6 rooms, high basement, brick founda-
tion porcelain bath, sanitary plumbing;
all in fine condition; lot 50x140 (note the
size): street work all done; stone side-
walks laid; or>en lawn; choice residence
location near Grove «.; fine barn, gravel
driveway, garden and a few fruit trees;
must be sold: owner away; cannot be du-
plicated at the price; must .be seen to be
appreciated; terms of payment If desired.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
WANTED— A lot 75 to 220 ft. front bet. 32d
and Grove. Ean Pablo and 40th; must be ;
chean for cash; owners only; full particulars.
J. H. YOUNG, Builder,
1213 Park Ft.. Alameda.
ALEX MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
clsco. for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
! OAKLAND Fl u^| T £5 E _^°ii_H A itS:
' FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh St.. Oakland.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DK~C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence, i
1021^4 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REMOVED — DK. WONG HIM, nerb doctor; j
treats all diseases of the human tody; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at C67 Geary st,. near Leaveaworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal herr doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use ot herbs and teas. 727 Washington St.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseaae^ a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1037 H Market st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eares cured by Chinese herbs. 716-8 Clay st.
SPECIAL. NOTICES. .
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been ad-
mitted to the asylum from Janu-
ary 1. 1903. to July 1.. 1903:
Violet Dutro, 8 yrs.; Augusta Dutro, 6 yrs.:
Frank Fassfca. 12 yrc; Louise Fecclna. 10
yrs.; Josephine Fecclna, 8 ».*.; David Fec-
clna. 0 yrs.; Joseph Clancy. 5 yrs.; Rosa
Alaaeda 6 yrs.: Gasper Castell. 8 yrs.: Wil-
liam Cattell. 6 yrs.; Martin Castell, 4 yrs.;
Carrie Cano. 8 yrs.; Nettie Cano. 6 yrs.;
Raphael Cano. 4 yrs.; Gertie Robinson, 1 yr.
6 mos.; May Conely, 7 yrs.; Ira Conely. 6
yrs.; Otis Coneiy, 4 yrs.; Benjamin de Rose,
6 yrs.; Maria de Rose. 12 yrs.: Margaret
Cowep, 10 yrs.; Emma Cowep, 8 yrs. ; Maria
Cowep, 5 yrs.; Willie Cowep. 3 yrs. 6 mos.;
Samuel Beloglch. 4 yrs. 2 mos.; Pauline
Wolfe, 9 yrs.; Michael Maetrosanti, 6 yra.;
Mary Belovich. 10 yrs.; Antonet Belovich, '8
yrs.; Charley del Grendi. 7 yrs.: Louise del
Greadl, 0 yrs. ; Marlon Chapman, S yrs. 0
mos.; Edmond Chapman, 8 yrs. a mos.; May
Chapman. 1 year 6 mos. ; Remond Schwell, 4
vr». • Ella Creque, 6 yrs.; Agnes V. Johnson,
7 yrs.; Sam Walsh 9 yrs.; William Me-
Kenjey, 8 yrs.: Isabel McKensey, 9 yrs.:
Chariot Sorensen. 6 yrs.; Bernardine Flynn.
fj yrs. 6 iaos.; Catherine Murphy, 3 yrs. 8
roos. ; Sarah Murphy, 2 yr«. : Joseph Mahoney,
2 yrs.; Mary Johnston, 7 yrs.; Nellie John-
ston. 5 yrs.: James Johnston. 2 yrs. ; Clara
Johnson, 10 yrs. 7 mos.; Ethel Wagner. «
yrs.: Maria Klng.v7 yrs.; Rose King, 5 yrs.:
Wlnfred King. 3 yra, 6 mos.; Henry King,
1 year 5 mos.: Sam Schmidt. 3 yrs.; Mary
McNickrlls. 7 yrs.; Agnes McNlckells. 7 yra,:
Emily McNlckelln, 6 yrs.; John Wagner, 13
yrs.; Maria Wagner, 10 yrs.; Chester Wag-
ner a yrs.; Clara Futterer, 9 yra.: Lewis
CheVrello. 6 yrs.; Eva Narvis. 7 yrs.; John
Henderson. 3 yrs.: Margaret P&nnan, 6 yrs.;
Jchn Green, 5 yn.; Henry Pastene, 4 yrs.;
Cella Brand. 3 yrs.: Maria Walsh. 1 year 6
mos.: Elizabeth Kelly. 2 yrs.: WilUe Sum-
mers. 2 yrs. 4 mos. : Michael Logue. 2 yrs.. 2
mos.: Josephine Baker. 1 year 4 m«»s.; Elsie
Jenkins 2 yrs. 6 mos.: Annie McDonnell. 9
yrs • Sadie MaEon. 7 yrs.; Frank Logan, S
yrs.; Agnes Buckler. 12 yrs.: Lottie Camp-
bell 6 yrs-: Ella Moran. S yrs.; Margaret
Lcftus. 2 yrs.; Ida Anderson, 4 yrs. 2 mos.:
Florence Buckley, 9 yrs. 2 mos.; Dora
> Gleischner. 4 yrs.; Addle Weshfr. 8 yrs.: Jo-
seph Swayne. 1 year 2 mos.: Rachael Myers,
2 yrs. : LUlle Kearney, 1 year « mos. ; Michael
Morgan, 2 jts.; Violet Pickett. 10 yrs. ; Frank
White 4 yrs.: Jchn Wigln. 4 yrs.; Joseph
Miller 6 vrs.; Grade Hopson, 7 yrs.-: Carrl*
Collins, C yrs.; Harriet Meehan. H 2 yrs.: John
Kane. 2 yrs.; Grade Mihlgan, 1* yrs.; Joseph
Rlordan, 8 yrs.: Emma Campbeen, 7 yrs.;
Tbtresa Hill. 3 yrs.; Leonard Fisher, 8 yrs.;
Anna Muller, 8 yrs.; Ullie Cashell, 4 yra.;
Florence Nelson, 2 yrs.; Bosle Fosett, 4 yrs.;
Theresa Donald. 3 yrs. : Annie 3rag, 2 yrs. :
Fred Conley. 3 yrs.; Mary Bryant, 4 yrs.; Al-
btrt Nicholla. 4 yrs. 9 mos.; George Hoffman,
S yrs. ; Alice Nieholls. 7 yrs.: Antonia Louise,
2 yrs.; Theresa Fisher, 8 yrs.: Myrtle Fisher.
7 yrs.; Mary Smld. 7 yrs. : Hilda Holverson,
10 yrs.,- Esther Holverson. 8 yrs. ; Lizzie
Regan, 7 yrs.; Cella Regan, 5 yrs.: Mary
Regan, 8 yrs. ; Philomena Morse, 2 yrs. ; John
tlatchlnl. 7 yra.: Hazel Roche. 10 yrs.
SPECIALISTS. .
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; l-week*s treat-
ment free. Dr; Cottingham. 204 Sutter st.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye, ear. nose and
threat. Removed to 428 EdJy Bt. _^
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
$15 50 drop-head cak. guaranteed: second-hand.
$6 to $15; some nearly new; 00 days' exchange
tgrtement. Chicago S.M.Exchange, 933 Mkt.
et.. bet. 6th and «th: phone South 433: eleva-
tor: branch. 285 Geary st. ; rhone Main 750.
STUTTEUING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness aad
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.'
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard Et.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PJERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
Cce Post and Powell s ts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission tit.; tel. Howard 841. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
EEKINS Von and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
tu; tel. Main 1810. Shipping at cut rates.
PdtSOSkALS.
' A— FACIAL, r>LICil2SHKS~REMOVED.
v. rlr.klfs. yellow and flabby Cktn, birthmarks.
plitlncE and 6cars s-cicntlfically rc-
r..'.vrj without cutting, trassatre. electricity or
niecicine; r;->ectal demonftrations this wck.
Ca!i or write DK. L. WILLIAMS. a"l Geary.
MOKPHINE. op.ua and laudanum habits' cured
at home by a painless home treatment: in-
Corted r.nd used by leadii;s i>h>>ic!ans; corre-
spondence ttrictly confidential; in rlaia. sealed
?r.veicpe; »an or write to-dav. India Drug
CMre. 2C1 Turk rt.; Bruce V. Kimrols. Mgr.
WANTED— 030 men with fcalv disease; lcs»
or hair ar.d baldness prevented <caii treat by
ir.aU. blank for stamr): cors«"J!tation free:
K:.iti lo fi. trundavn 10 to I 1 -'. Prof. GEO. A.
GARLOW. Specialist, room nis. 1107 Market.
, THE Ftor Hair Remedv reftcres pray heir, im-
provet Sts growth; stops taUincCSres dandruff
cr.J itching scalp; no ftaln cr stickiness;
cleanws tcalp; at druggists'. hatrdreM«tf :ac-
*-<T>t no substitute. Star Remedy Co..^a^Gcary.
NOT how cheap, but how pood, is the motto of i
the n-.anuiacrjrers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine vt to-day. J.
" _j V EVANS, agent. 1C21 Market ft.
PKYF1CIAN. 15 year* cxperlenc*. cures per-
manwitly rr.crrihme. co--«!ne !:abit. Call cr
«odre*s Central Pharmacy. "M Grant ave..
corner Putter «.; fee n.oJeratf. j
Atrophy, varlcoccle and £ll weaknesr.es in
"Ither sex easily cured without iruBS or sur-
:.*Ty:in:onr.atlon free. Prof.An3crron.S50 Mrkt.
• .»T .ess than con, uncalled for fuits. overcoats
".•:d irons*™, at CHARLES LYONS', London
Vai'.or. 721 Market ft.
• iTLUGANT »uits on easy Installments: 50 cenU
end up per we«k. LEON LEMOS, 112* Mar-
ket «.. between Seventh end Eighth.
. ? riTS to o-der on inftaiimerts. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co . merch.tallor?.727-723 Market.
ALL etvles hairdreffine. 25c: hair goods; mani-
curing 2.V. G. LEPCRER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE Riit $7 60; <!re«s pants $2 50.
Misfit Clcth'.r.? Par'.cr. cor. Bush and Dapcnt.
61'PEKFLUOf S hair and rr.oles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs. Traverse. lKOMajkeL
iXASOl'EIiAPE costumes, play book*, wigs,
country orCfrt. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFRED VM'S Egyptian Hfnr.a restores gray
, . hair to it* r.=tural color: <1: at all druggists.
t "Superfluous ha'.r & moles removed with elec-
. trie neefile. Mr*. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Putter.
VAP.ICOEE ve'.r.s and catarrh cured at home,
''all or write fcr t"*t!mcr.ials. Dr. WILI*-
!A:.:S CO.. HO G*arv -t . P. F.
noons for molseiceepixg.
AT Majflcwer; cut rates now for summer. 303
Sd et!; $5 up; also beautiful rooms 51 weok.
EARTLETT. 413. near Twenty-fifth — 4 large, j
suns!' roonis. gas and bath. >14.
ELEVENTH^ 106 — Two or three eunny fur-
nished rooms fcr housekeeping.
HAYES. ;?£0. er-poEtte park— Clean, sunny
housck<-*ri»iS. & ls0 giKSle rooms; ?.VflO up.
HERBERT (The) — Euncy epartinenU for
r.ouEekceplrjr; gas raises; just newly fur-
rlghed. 1530 Pol* tt.
HOWARD, lri'* 1^ — 2 rocir.s. one front, nicely
formated for light housekeeping.
HYDE 412 — Sur.r.y furnished housekeeping
rooros; bath, lauadry yard; $1S; also single
• • room. ;
' KEARNV, 104— Sunny unfurnished front suite.
$15 : references.
. 3 NICE tion*ekeeplng rooms. Apply 23^i Mos.s
et.. off Howard. ¦ * - •''¦
POST. 72<3 — Pur.r.y famished r&rlor Coor for
housekeeping. $27; others. ?10; eunny single,
?7 ar.d |S. !
SHOTWEIX 1*. near Fourteenth— Sur.ny up-
per f.at. 5 rooms, bath and yard, f'22 50.
STOCKTON. ll^iG — Model house; new furnished
housekeeping roorr.t: $5 ar.d $12.
TAYLOR. Ml — Sunny housekeeping room: fold-
ing tx?d; fc^s range: J8: tingle room, *7.
TWENTY-THIRD. 372S. near Dolores— Sunny
bay- window furnished room; nice, neat: com- .
piete for housekeeping. Apply 3726 Twenty-
•.hird ft.
VALENCIA 1ST— Thre* large, sunr.y rooms,
furnished comp'.w for housekeeping; separate
• r.tra»c* fror.t and back, with bath and cas;
r.o ernall children; rent $22 50.
VALENCIA. 181-Two large tunny well-fur-
uithed roorr.a for housekeeping; fine bath;
pas iCDPUed for cocking and lighting; rect
$ltf month.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisemects and
fubscripticns has be«n established at 10&4
% *- Valencia Ft ___^^_^______^^_«_-
ROOMS TO LET — Forn. and I'nfnrn. ,
A. A. — City Room lientlug A«eacy.
1104 Market »t.. cor. Turk end Uarket sts.,
Roccis 3 ar»4 4. Phone Jessie 447L
FF*EE FREE
We locate you free of charge
in Rocxsb with or withcrut board,
Housekerptrg Rooms or HoteU.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
rLAN 18 TURK ST., 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET: 25O OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM- RATES 75c A DAY CP: SPECIAL
RATES HY THE MONTH.
4 A— BRUNSWICK House. 145 Sixth— Rooms
21>c to tl per night. $1 23 to 55 per week, aad
light lioiif keeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte.." 873 Market st. <or No. 1
Fifth Ft.)— Rooms, 25c. 60c, $1, $1 &0 r.icht;
$1 M> to $10 week: house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk — 3. 4 and 5 room apart -
menu tor hkEK-; strictly raod.; elec. elevator.
• A LARGE furcisbed rocm for 1 cr 2 rent*;
bath; running tveter; references. 6S9 Post st.
• BURNETT. 1426 Market— <old No. 13tS4>— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also furnished.
CAPP. tie — Larre funny furnished front
room; private family: reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 EUis. cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished runny rooms: prices reasonable.
EUDT. 722— Sunry and elegantly furnished
Fuite of rooms for man and wife.
FIUSSBT. KZ1— t-ucny frcat furnished rooms;
fianis-h Easily.
ntXMOP.E. 1720— Nice sunny furnished room
for 1 cr 2 centlemen; bath.
ntANKLIX. 20U. near Mf.rket— Large bay-
•wir.dow front room, FUitable for one or two
FCTitleir.cn.
FOUKTH. 225— Nice BOoay front rooms.
FREDERICK. :*9— Well-furnished suites and
clr.gle rooms.
liF.AP.y. 4C2 — Furnished funny fror.t rooms,
with or without kitchen; %'l 7,0 to $5 week.
GRAND Southern, "th and Miselcn — Rooms 5Oc
to $1 60 night; (2 to $6 week;, reading-room.
HARRISON. TM'i. nr. 4th; finely furn. sunny
• rooms; bath; all cor.v.; homelike; tl wk. up.
HOTEL ET. VINCENT. Ml Sixth— Beautifully
furnished rooms; single or en suite; fl per
wetk up. /
HYDE 1K.'*5 — Large sunny front room suitable
„, ¦ for 2 gentlemen. Piano, gas, reasonable.
LARKIN. 81'J'i — Larre. sunny front room; use
piano if desired; $15 per month.
• MeAlZlSTER. e«l— A nicely furnished front
room ; ' reasonable.
** MISSION. 1514. near Eleventh— Sunny single
fror.t room; private house; $1 25 week.
OFARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
. office*: elevator: clec. light*; day. week. mo.
OFARRELL. 731 — New. elegantly fumiehed
rooms, single or «n suite; bath, telephone
end running water. ,
POINT LOBOS, 217— Two bedrooms; gas, bath;
no other roomers; for eentlemtn.
ROYAL House. 12C El'.is — Incandescent lights,
readlr-g-room emoklng-rocin and ladles' par-
. Jor: rooms per night. S5c to $160; week. $2
to fS; month $9 -to $*0; ele\-ator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
• TO LET— A newly furnished front bay-window
room In new modern Cat with use of bath;
15 minutes from Third and Market sts.: north
riae cf Market; handy to 3 car lines; nuit
have references. liox 13. Call office.
TURK. 416. Reglna— Cautlful sunny suVUe &.
*ingle; later t iir.pt*: lowest rates In the city.
UNITED STATES 123 Eddy St.. near Market
— 400 r'.nt-;* end family rooms; 25c to $1
nU-ht; tl 75 to $3 wetk; ol'-vator. e'.ectrls
light*; reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN KESS ave.. C19— RenovaCed ; handsome
*unny furnished FUitc* front rms; mod. conv.
WINCHESTER Hctrt. 44 Sd et.. near Market—
Most convrirr.t and resp-ctable: 700 rooms;
S5c to tl SO night; $2 to $S week: elevator;
V.ec. lights: readlr.g-room; free bus; baggage. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and eubscri ptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fjbscriptions : : j, been established at 1030
. • Valencia tt. .
ROOBIS AXD IIOAIU).
AHOY. THE H01 DEVISADERO ST.
• Strictly first -class family hotel; eunoy rooms,
cult* cr Blssl*; billiards; steam beat.
VAN NESS. 1714— Select private boardlog-
hcuse: rooms tingle or en mite; desirable lo-
jH-i cation; all conveniences of home.
OLD Btevenson Manrlcn. opp. Grace Church,
with annex. 6C7 California et. — Attractive in-
terior: exceptional tabie; free billiard -room.
TABLE board in family hotel; very cheep. C.
D. H.. box 1830, Call.
THE JOHNSON, C05 OFarrell et.— Sunny
«itc» kt.d eias'.e rocms, with board; refa.
T V l'E AVR ITE H S AXD SUPPLIES^
GREAT lTAiRGTl^~i^ r TYFETvRITERS— W>
*ell better machines for le*n money than any
house In the city, rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. G3G California; telephone Main 2C6.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticular*. L-. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery et. .
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webxter Typewriter Inspec Co., 209 Sansoma.
PROPOSALS. • ¦
EjG^^RATccTs^oT^C^LT^nT^z! 1903^
Sealed proposal?. In triplicate, win be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. July 22,
lb03. and then opened for construction of
frame buildings, including plumbing, wiring
and heating, at Fort Miley and Fort Baker.
Cal. Government reserves right to reject or
accept any or all bids in whole or in part.
Information furnished on application to J.
McE. HYDE, Deputy Quartermaster Gen-
*ral. Chiof Q. M. ¦¦
"BIRTHS— MBRI4GES— DEATHS.
I ;
Birth, tnarriac? and death notices «»nt by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at Pltl^r or the publication offices and be
indorsed with" the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the Eame published.
BORN.
FARROW— In this city. July 15, 1J>O3. to the
wife of Dr. Edgar J. Farrow, a daughter.
JACOBS— In this city, July 19. lflOX to the
wife of Hjrme Jacobs, twin daughters.
SARGENT— In Oakland. July 19. 1003, to the
wife of A. Z. Sarsent, a son.
SWANSON— In this city, July IS), 1003, to the
wife of I. J. Swanson, twin sons.
___
Blaney. Henry I. Mann. Elizabeth .
Bloy, William Marbles. Catherine
Boland. May E. Matson. David D.
Broderlck, Thomas Moore, Prlseilla
, Clerc. Pierre O'Keefe, Bridget A.
Cooney, William M. Priebatch. Wolf
Dcnohue. Thomas Rourke, John W.
Green. Patrick Pnpln. Mrs. Ollio P.
Haffner. Caroline C. Schnicder, Margaret
Harris. Dora Smith, Isaac P.
Hooper. Major W. B. Pmlth. George S.
Kirk, Michael Thompson, Mary A.
Linden. E<'.vvard J. TidPll. Alma D.
McGrajv. Mrs. E. J. Tomkinson. James
" McKniff. Nellie Whelin, Vina
Maginnls. Christopher
BLANEY— In this city, July 17, 1003, Henry
I beloved and only son of John Henry and
Margaret Blaney, a^liatlvc of San Francisco.
(?'•Funeral from Kt. Mary's Cathedral
Monday, at 10 o'clock. Interment strictly
private. ,
BI.OY— In Golden Gate. July. 18. 1903. Wil-
liam beloved ken of William and Christiane I
Bloy. and brother of Mrs. Carl Will and
Mrs. Emll Bode, a native of Germany, aged
1:7 years 6 months and 25 days.
BOL\ND— In this city, July 16, 1903, May
Eldred. dearly beloved wife of W. F. Bo-
land and mother of Eldred Boland, a na-
tive of New York, aged 41 years 2 months
and 3 days.
C7"Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited -to atte-nd the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 4f8 Cole Ftreet. Interment Holy Cress
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
BRODERICK— In this city, July 17, 1903. at
his residence. 156»4 Natoma street. Thomas,
dearly beloved husband of Margaret Broder-
ick "devoted father of Mamie, Celia and
Katie Broderick. Mrs. A. Owen and Mrs. J.
Kane, uncle of Mrs. E. Erickeen. and
brother-in-law of Mrs. J. McConologue. a na-
tive of County Galway, Ireland, aged 63
vears and 7 months. • .
{CTFriendf" and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at S o'clock, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
1 commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CLERC— In this city. July IS. 1903. Pierre
Clerc. beloved nusband of Mrs. Pauline
Clerc. and stepfather of Emile and August
Henri, a native of France, aged 76 years 6
months and 17 days.
(C>*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
July 20, 1903, at 1 . o'clock, from his late
residence. 2S72 Twenty-second street, thence
to Union-sauare HaH. where services will
be held under the auspices of "La GauJoise,"
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
COONEY— In this city, July 19, 1003, Wil-
liam M. Cooney. beloved son of Catherine
and the late Judge M. Cooney. and father
of John A. Cooney, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
DONOHUE— In this city. July 19, 1903. at the
residence. 2717 Folsom atreet. Thomas, be-
loved husband of the late Rose Donohue.
and father of James and George Donohu«
and Mrs. D. King, a native of County Ty-
rone. Ireland, aged 75 years 4 months and
15 days.
ET'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
GREEN— In the City and County Hospital.
July 19. 1WO. Patrick Green, a native of
Canada, aged 59 years.
HAFFNLR— In Sausalito, July 19, 1903, Caro-
line C Haffner. dearly beloved daughter of
Elizabeth and the late Louis Haffner, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 44 years and C
months.
HARRIS — Entered into rest, in this city, July
19 1W>, Dora Harris, beloved mother of
Slgmound Harris, Mrs. W. Gans. Mrs. Ida
Selig of Seattle and the late Isador Harris,
a native of Prussia, aged 82 years.
HOOPER— In this city, July 16, 1903, Major
William B. Hooper, a native of Richmond,
Va., aged CIS years.
GTFuntral services will be held at Trinity
Church, corner of Bush and , Gough streets,
to-day (Monday), July 20, at 2 o'clock. In-
terment private, Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Comrades of the G. A. R., Companions of the
Loyal Legion, members of the Masonic fra-
ternity and friends are invited to attend the
services at the church. The clerical mem-
bers of the standing committee and others of
the clenry who may attend are asked to
bring their ventmenta and to come to the
vestry-room of Trinity Church at 1:30 o'clock.
KIRK — A so'.emn requiem high mass (month's
mind) will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of the late Michael Kirk at St. Dom-
inic's Church, Bush and Stelner streets, on
Tuesday. July 21. at 9:30 o'clock. Friends
are invited to attend.
LINDEN— In this city, July 19. 1903, Ed-
ward J.. beloved husband of Mary Linden,
and father of Edward J. and Frank J. Lin-
den, Mrs. Charles Stenzel and Mrs. O'Hare,
a native of Ireland.
McGRAW— In Dlmond. July 19, 1003, Mrs.
Elmira J. McGraw, beloved wife of William
McGraw, and sister of Lifford de Celle of
Evanston, 111., a native of Burlington, Vt.,
aged S3 years.
McKNIFF— In this city. July 19, 1903. Nellie
McKnlff, dearly beloved wife of 0 the late
John McKnlft. and sister of the late Mich-
ael, John and Annie Magulre and Katie
Dolan. a native of County Cavan, Ireland,
aged 45 years 8 months and 25 days.
MAGINNIS— In this city. July 18, 1903, Chris-
topher ilaginnis, a native of Orange County,
New York, aged 62 years. (Oakland papers
please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street, thence to St. Joseph's ChurcJi, where
a solemn requiem mars will be celetrrated for
the renose of "•tils souL commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy*Croes Cemetery.
MANN— Ia Alameda, July 19, 1903, Elizabeth
Mann, beloved wife of Franjc Mann, mother
of Mrs. Pauline Krug, Mrs. J. C. Brock,
Fred Hartwick and the late Robert Hart-
wick, and grandmother of Louie J. Shultz,
a native of Germany, aged 70 years 7 months
and 21 days.
C7"Funerul services Tuesday, July 21, at
10:30 o'clock, at her late residence, 1613
Union street. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery; strictly private.
MARBLES— In thT8~city, July 18, 1903, Cath-
erine, dearly beloved wife of Oliver J. Mar-
bles, and mother of Mrs. Louisa Welch and
Frances Marbles, a native of Ireland, aged
(J3 years.
lC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funerar to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MATSON — In Oakland, July 18, 1903, David
I)., beloved husband of Emeline S. Mataon,
father of Mrs. Eliza C. Poiflter and Myron
S. Matson. and grandfather of Effle M.
Brown and Irene Burnham of Boston, Mass..
a native of Massachusetts, aged 86 years 6
months and 19 days.
MOORE — In the City and County Hospital.
July IS. 1903, Pritcilla Moore, a native of
England, aged 50 yearn.
O'KEEFE— In this city, July 19, 1003, Bridget
Agnts, beloved wife of William O'Keefe,
mother of William, Daniel -J. and John B.
O'Keefe. and sister of Mary, Katie and
Abbie Mella and Mrs. Loftus,\a native of
County Mayo, Ireland, aged 44 years.
PRIEBATCH— In this city, July 19, 1003, Wolf
Priebatch, beloved uncle of Mrs. A. Honlg
and Mrs. J. At*h, a native of Germany, aged
78 years and 10 months.
ROURKE— In this city, July 18, 1903, at his
resldem*. 1924 Pine street, John William,
beloved husband of Mary Rourke. and father
of Kd*ar Louis Rourke. Alice R. Baldwin
and the late ' Florence Geraldlne Rourke, a
, native of Brooklyn, N. Y.
|E7"Friendirand acquaintances ar© respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July 21. at 10 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Cathedral. Van Ness avenue, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his pouI. Interment Holy, Cross Cemetery.
I OFFICE'. 916 MARKET ST. j
SAPIN— In this .city. July 19. 1003. Mrs. OUie
Pasco. beloved -wife of George C. Sapin.
dearly beloved daughter ofW. L. and Grace
Phlleta Kennedy, and sister of Georze D.
Kennedy, a native of San' Francisco, aged. 24
years <i months and 9 days. . ,*.. ¦
8CHNIEDER— In this city, July 19. 1003. Mar-
garet M. Schnieder, dearly beloved mother of
Francis » Joseph and David D. Schnteder, sis-
ter of Mrs Mary McKee and Katie and John
Reed of Lowell. Masa.. and cousin ofJamea
Garrity of this city and Henry Oarrlty of
Lowell, Mass., a native of Lowell, Mass.."
aged til y^ars. (Lowell, ' Masis., and Read-
ing. Pa., papers please copy.) •
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day July 22, 1903. at 8:30 o'clock, from her.
. late residence, 1751B Howard street, corner
of Erie, thence to -the, Church of Bt. Charles
Borromeo,. corner of Eighteenth and v Shot-
well streets, where a. requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the .reDose of her soul,
commencing: at" 9" o'clock. Interment' Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers. _
SMITH— In this city, July 19, 1003, Isaac Platt
Smith, beloved' brother of Albert C. •William
pnd George E. Smith, a native of New York,
aged 68 years 3 months and 20 days.
SMITH— Entered into rest, at Oakland, July
10. 1003. Gt-orae Strait Smith, beloved hus-
band of Jennie S. Muncey. a native of Wis-
consin, aged r>2 years 1 month and 28 days.
tCTKriends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, .trom the Masonic
Temple, corner Poet and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of California
Ledge : No. 1, F. and A. M. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In this city, July 18, 1903, Mary
A, beloved wife of the late Francis M.-
Thompson, daughter' of J. W. Crawford,
mother of Edward F. Thompson and Mrs.
Samuel Rose, and sister of G. B. Crawford
and Mrs. Frank Hayes, a native of Phila-
delphia, Pa., aged 54 year* 8 months and 13
days.
ETFrlehds and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1 :30 o'clock, at
her lato residence, 136 Jersey street, be-
tween Church and Sanchez. Cremation I. O.
O. F.. r Cemetery.
MISSION' Rebekah Lodge No. 22— Officers and
members are respectfully requested to at-
tend, the funeral of our late sister. Mrs.
Mary A. Thompson, tc-mbrrow (Tuesday), at
1 o'clock, from her late residence, 13ft' Jer-
sey street, between Church and Sanchez.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
EMM.* ARRISON. Noble Grand.
MRS. LULU rKRRY. Secretary.
TIDELfc— In this city. July 10. 1903, Alma D.,
Infant daughter of Andrew and the late Alma
Tidell, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
months and 7 days.
{CyThe funeral will take placo to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. Johnson. 2817 Sixteenth street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
TOMKIN'SON— In this city, July 19, 1003,
James Tomkinson, . father of James H. and
. Alice M. Tomkinson and Mrs. Charles J. Mc-
Glynn, a native of Cheshire.. Ensland. aged
73 years.
C^Tho funeral will take place- Tuesday,
from thft residence of his son-in-law, Charles 1
J. MeGlynn. 1500 Golden Gate avenue, thence
to St Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem
• mass will be celebrated for the repoee of his
soul at « o'clock. Interment private.
WHELIN — Entered into reEt, in this city. July
1«. 1003. at her residence, 31 Page street,
Vina Whelin.Duke of Abruzzi to Visit America.
ROME, July 19.— The Tribuna says the
Duke- of r Abruzzl, on ,the, cruiaef. LJgurla,
will shortly visit several North American
ports. /.¦ ;:'¦•. . - - •; ¦:• . .; •_
William Kammler, a cripple living at
440A Ninth street, entered the Central
Emergency . Hospital last night to have
wounds treated which he claimed to have
received in a scuffle with four young
thugs, who ; attempted to hold him up.
He said that while walking on Harrison
street," near Seventh, he was accosted by
one'of 'a*> party of four, who- asked if he
had : any money. Upon his replying in
tl.e • negative the quartet fell upon him
and beat him into insensibility.— He could
give no description of his assailants.
Cripple Sadly Beaten.
¦ - J. Downey Harvey, 2301 Pacific ave., for
the past 15 years used. Martin's Coffee.
Walter S. Martin, El Cerito, San Mateo,
has Martin's Coffee : for camping and
family use. .
Mrs. R."T. Carroll for the past 25 years
has been using Martin's Coffee. Resi
dence, 2018 Van Ness ave.
Send Postal : to 213 Mission street and
you- will be' waited on promptly. . -
/WHEELER MARTIN. , • ;
DANISH BROTHERHOOD
HOLDS ANNUAL OUTING
Members and Guests Enjoy Day in
Sports and Dancing at Shell
Mound Park.
The Danish Brotherhood entertained
more than 2000 guests at its annual otiting
at Shell Mound Park yesterday.. Special
trains were run between the picnic
grounds and the mole throughout the aft
ernoon at half-hour Intervals. The enter
tainment continued until near midnight.
Dancing, a band concert and athle-c
contests constituted the principal amuse
ments. Races for cash and provisions
were held for boys, girls, single and mar
ried ladles, fat men and members. Every
one. present had a splendid time and the
affair was an entire success. The pro
ceeds from the outing will be used in the
benevolent work of " the ¦ society. The fol
lowing named committees were in charge:
Arrangements — Inglid Povelsen, M. K. Niel
sen, Andrew Nielsen, Peter Jorgensen J.
Thompson, J. F. Wolf. Floor — A. Johnson
(manager). S. P. Moller, E. C. Sorensen, P.
Paulsen, S. Nielsen, D. Andker, A. Stockholm
M. SchmUlt. ' Race — J. Moller. N. Povelsen'
Tombola — J. Thorsen. J. F. Wolf. Andrew Nlel
»en. Bowling — P. Jorgensen, M. H. Nielsen
Inglid Poveleen.
Louisville to Bid for Conventions.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.., July 19 — LouisviJle
will make a determined fight to secure
one or the other convention of the na
tion's great political parties next year. A
coliseum with a seating capacity of 15 000
will be erected and it is stated that the
city will have ample hotel facilities.
The Government protects Bank Stock paper.
Hold It to the light and see the watermark. •
¦ "Vacation 1903," Issued < by -this^company,"
tells where ; the hunters can stop, "terms, etc. *
' For how 'many months does this "tale of his
shoot".. Interest .'himself. If . not his | friends.
His recital i may vary, but no matter how many
he may tell of having seen after shooting this
one, and how easily he could have ' brought
them 'down (but not how many he may. have
shot at) he will invariably wind up by stat
ing that he Is a '."gentleman sport" and would
not kill more than the one, • that being suffi
cient for the time for himself and friends.
To kill a deer Is an ambition we all possess.
We are never- too old or too young for this
sport. ' If we could' only' Jump up and "get
there"fouick! , In this respect the residents of
the bajjAfcountles have the advantage over the
resident* 1 of any . other part of the • United
States. • : Mendoclno and | Sonoma counties are
practically a deer park and only a few hours'
ride from San Francisco. . Leaving San I<"ran
clsco In the morning, the hunter ¦ reaches ; WH
lits, in the heart of Mendoclno County, in time
for dinner, and Geyservllle, Cloverdale, Hop
land, Ukiah and other intermediate rail. points
considerably earlier. If you do not plug a deer
that evening you . are : In 'good shape 'for 'an
early morning start. The deer throughout this
section, along , the , California Northwestern
Railway, are more | plentiful - this I season ( th"an
for years. The game has been well. protected.
So many, of the farmers ' take boarders,': they
have learned the 'value of deer as t an .attrac
tion,' and have Joined. hands with the faw In
protecting': them. •¦:, ~- *--:.,
- The open season for. deer in Sonoma County
is from July: 15 to August" 81, inclusive, and-
In Mendoclno County ..until j Septernber 30. in
clusive.; ¦,¦;.-'.-->•' '.;";. - .'» ¦:¦'¦-•; ¦'
' There is nothing .that affords «o much pleas
ure to the busy denizen of the city as the kill-
Ing of a deer.. How Joyfully and buoyantly he
will carry j to ,hts camp ', or . summer boarding
house a load , that .'fn the city he would con
sider fit only tafa horse. With what pride he
will- shown to us' friends and. dilate on the
details of his successful hunt. And if ladles
be present, • he .soon' begins . to feel himself a
hero. ' .'.•.-, •
Ignatian Council, No. 35, Young Men's
Institute, has elected the following offi
cers to serve for the ensuing term: Chap-
Iain, .Rev. Philip Bryne; past president,
J. B.' Coffey Jr.; president, Matthew J.
Carroll; first vice president, I. D.
Dwyer;' second vice president, P. J. Mc-
Gloln; recording and corresponding sec
retary, Charles L. Ebner: financial sec
retary, John E. Linehan; marshal, "George
J. Peterson; inside sentinel, L. E. O'Neil;
outside sentinel, H. C. Moffat: executive
committee, B. H. Foley, R. T>. Blake, F.
A. McCarthy; physician, Dr. A. P.
O'Brien; speaker, Thomas H. Fallon.
Active preparations are being made for
the annual' outing of the Council, which
takes ! place at Camp Taylor on Labor
Day, Monday, September 7.
Officers Are Chosen.
When you get a fountain pen that suits
your hand. One that writes without any
shaking or coaxing. We have them at
prices from 51.00 to $5.00 each. Money
back if not satisfactory. Sanborn, Vail
&.Co., 741 Market street. •
Pen Troubles Disappear
Riflle— Mr*. C. F. Waltham. 33. 33. 34, 36.
In competition for fiats on the Adler and
Mark? trophy the following were the winners:
I)r. H. W. Hunsakrr. 27; C. M. Daiss, 25; A.
H. Pape. 22: F. Knostman. 12; Mrs. C. F.
Waltham, 6.
A. H. Pape. 33. 36. 44, 61. 53; A. H. Cady. 90.
Military rifle — A. II. Pape, 48: F. Knost
rnar.. 46. 46. 46. 44. 43; G. Mannel 46. 43 41-
C. M. Dates, 43; W.-C. Beck, 40;' E. A.' Al
len. 44. ¦••••,
60 yar<!s. pirtol— C. M. Dalse, 4«, 61.
60 j-arda, revolver— Dr. , H. W. Hunsaker,
S9, 4». 62. C2. 63. 22. 23.- *
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club held
it« bimonthly shoot at Harbor View range
yesterday. The following scores were re
corded on the Columbia target, 200 yards:
Good Scores at Harbor View.
Trapper** Oil cures rheumatism and neuralrla.
Vruexiit*. 60c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay. •
The third general meeting for the year
19C3 of the Conferences of San Francisco,
Society of St. Vincent de Paul, was held
yesterday morning at St. Joseph's
Church, Howard and Tenth streets, to re
ceive holy communion .at the 8 o'clock
mass. At 3 o'clock in the afternoon the
conferences assembled again in the hall
adjoining the church to hear the term re
ports and to transact other business.
Archbishop Montgomery presided and fol
lowing the reading of the various reports
made a short address to the members, in
•which he exhorted them to do all in their
power to induce others to become mem
bers of the society and thereby Increase
the fund for the assistance of the pocr.
Labor for Benefit of Poor.
visited California last year and devoted
considerable time to seeing the wonder
ful sights of the State, especially the
magnificent scenery of the Yosemite Val
ley, which they thoroughly traversed. In
speaking of his previous trip yesterday
t.je Governor referred to the visit to the
Yosemite "aa one of the most enjoyable of
his life. While there he and his friends
were photographed among the giant red
woods and negatives of these photographs
have since been enlarged to an enormous
size and . are now bemg used by the
Southern Pacific Company to advertise
that feature of California scenic effects.
' General Greene, since he returned from
the : Philippines and retired from the vol
unteer.army, has paid San Francisco but
one visit,; but .his absence has not caused
him to be forgotten here, for, as a mem
ber of the'New York Police Commission,
he has been attracting widespread atten
tion by his rigid enforcement of the rules
of the department. ' As Roosevelt did be
fore him. General- Greene has gone in for
many /reforms In the different police dis
tricts of the great metropolis and as a
result of his strict discipline among the
members. of the force he has caused fre
quent sensations' by bringing men before
the baf of . the . commission on various
charges of a serious character, shifting
'Captains and subordinate officers from
their districts and in a general way creat
ing a reign of fear among those, members
of. the department who, through fancied
political pulls, have' regarded' themselves
free to perform their duties in a manner
that would best serve their own interests
or those of their political friends.
The sandstone 'planemen formed an In
dependent organization ' at a* meeting held
Saturday, night. The members propose to
secure a charter from the Aiherican~ Fed
eration of Labor. J.' C. Boyer was elected
president; R.' D. McFadden, vice presi
dent; T. J. O'Keefe, secretary, and Dan
iel Galvin, treasurer. \, , ;-,. .
Asked as to the' possibilities of various
candidates for the nomination -for -the
Vice Presidency on the Republican ticket,
assuming that Roosevelt is to he "renom
lnated, in accordance with his ambUion,
the Governor sald'.he was not. prepared
to say who he thought would be the fav
ored candidate, of his party j and believed
that -it was a question that only the na
tional convention would andshould* de
cide. Seth 'Low, he thought, 'would be a
candidate ' for : another term as Mayor qt
New .York City/ and he was preparing
to. bring the. Interview to a ciose when
he was askedThow he 'and Senator Platt
were pet ting along. • •''¦• •
I "In what, respect?" asked the Gov-
Sandstone Planemen Organize.
"I abandoned all political cares when
I embarked , on my western trip," re
marked Governor Odell last evening when
an attempt was mad© to engage -him 'in
a dlscussion.of the political "affairs of the
East. "As a matter of fact," he added,
"there is little political interest bemg ex
hibited in New, York State at the present
time, for we have no local. campaign this
year and it is a' bit to early to ¦ figure . on
the national affair." ¦ : - >' • < ~»< •
Beach andi the Cliff House, where they
had luncheon and'vthen paid, their re
spects to Major General MacArthur at
Fort Mason, after. which they, were, driven
through the residence portion of the city.
It is the intention- of ¦ the. Governor, to
leave to-night, 'the. destination of the par
ty being the; Yellowstone: Park, . which
they intend to reach by way of Butte and
from there they will return to New York.
IS AVOIDING POLITICS.
GOVERNOR OF, THE EMPIRE STATE AND THE POLICE COMMISSION
ER OF NEW YORK 1 CITY WHO ARRIVED IN SAN FRANCISCO YES
TERDAY IN A PRIVATE CAR. . - .
Immediately after their arrival here
yesterday the party visited the Ocean
BENJAMIN B. ODELL JR.. Gov
ernor of the State of New York,
and party, composed of General
Francis V. Greene, retired, -now
a member of the Police Commis-.
sion of New York; T. E. Ellsworth of
Niagara County, former leader. of the
New York Senate: Dr. S. B. Ward and
his son, D. B. Ward: F. Clark. and the
Governor's sons, Bryant and H. R. Odell,
arrived in this city yesterday morning
and are registered at the Palace Hotel.
The Governor and his friends have been
making a tour of the Northwest, with the
special view of enjoying the scenic points
of "Washington and Oregon and the main
purpose of coming this far south is to
give the sons of the Governor and their
college chum. Clark, an opportunity to
see San Francisco.
Not the least attractive feature of the
exercises were the soncs rendered by a
Hawaiian quartet. Their melodious na
tive ditties brought round after round of
applause. ; .^<-
The Rev. Dr. Smith Baker of Portland,
Me., once the pastor of the famous Wil
liston Church, where the Epworth League
had its inception, was next introduced.
Besides his stirring words, a remarkable
likeneps to the martyr President McKin
ley kept all eyes intent upon his face. He
said in part:
The Epworth I>ague and the Young lien's
Christian Association are, to my mind, the two
most powerful evangelical organs in the his
tory of this century. They go hand in hand
to accomplish the work which we are put
upon this earth to do — to win souls to God.
Never thUWc that your influence can be too
email to do the work which the Lord would
have you dc. Be a bank president, a humble
clerk In a store or a bootblack, any man can
become the instrument of the Almighty if
the great will ordains such. Go on with your
good work, support the hands of your young
men who are laboring In foreign lands; make
the next fifty years as replete with good works
as were the last.
With a mass meeting in the auditorium,
which was attended by enthusiastic
Christians from all of the churches, of the
city, the four days' jubilee service of the
Young Menu's Christian Association came
to a close yesterday. As the past days
of the celebration have been devoted to
a retrospective view of the work which
ha? be^n done in the fifty years gone by,
so the thought of yesterday's services was
one of appropriate anticipation of the
larger and broader scope of the work of
the powerful Christian organization
which lies beyond the seas.
Throughout the forceful words cf all
the speakers and In the hearty singing of
missionary hymns there was manifested
a determination to carry the wrk of re
claiming young men to God's kingdom to
distant lands, where the benighted still
live in their ignorance. As a pledge of
the determination of the workers? to turn
their faces to the Kar East in the fifty
years to come, the services closed with
the collection of. a goodly sum, which is
to be forwarded to Galen Fisher, general
secretary of the association in Japan.
After the singing of the old song, "Gath
ering in the Sheaves," Superintendent H.
J. McCoy gave a passionate appeal for
the continuance of the noble efforts
which have characterized the association
in the past and made a plea for the rec
ognition of the work which was being
done by the association men in Japan,
India and Africa. He was followed by
William Cleaver, superintendent of the
Los Angeles branch of tne Y. M. C. A.,
who added a strong word to the sentiment
of the meeting.
Dr. H. H. Bell of the First United Pres
byterian Church then spoke. His words
in part were as follows:
The events in the Young Men's Christian As
fsociation in the world at large as well as
in our city for the past fifty years should
command a silence eloquent with meditation
uron God's great work. His hand is . to be
seen in our work everywhere. A significant
fact is that the people of God's church are
the most mighty of all the peoples on earth.
Of this mighty people I feel that no army
which Is working for the spread of the gospel
and the training of Christians has any more
steadfastness of purpose and mighty energy
than the Y. M. C. A.
Meanwhile the police had Mr. Denefield
comfortably booked on a charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon. When they
called at the hospital to take Mr. Scott
into custody explanations were in order.
But mere were none, and that is why
Chief Martin chewed six cigars to wisps
through sheer nervousness.
"When they returned to the bedside of
the wounded colored gentleman nothing
of him remained but his trousers.
Mr. Joseph Scott, from West Berkeley,
¦was the trouserless cause of all the
trouble. With infinite cunning he had
clipped from his cot in the Receiving Hos
pital and disappeared as completely as if
be had gone to Oakland. The determined
search of the bluecoats availed nothing.
Mr. Scott and Mr. Robert C. Denefleld,
alto of a dark tone, had a little difference
over & fair lady up in the Paris House.
on the corner of Broadway and Kearny
street. Mr. Denefield emphasized his ar
rument by slipping a penknife into Mr.
Scott's right thigh and thereby necessi
tated the latter's taklnjr a drive to the
Emergency Hospital.
Not long had the wounded Mr. Scott
been there when a mysterious frjend
called and demanded to see him. He was
refused and tiie attendants turned their
attention to a new case.
All of the kecr.-eyed Fleuths of the Po
lice Department were on the qul vlve last
night, searching every hidden cranny of
the city's byways with bullseyes and go
ing over the Barbary Coast with a fine
tooth comb. A double watch was set on
the ferry building and all outgoing trains
were inspected with the most vigorous
Furvelllance. Chief cf Detectives Martin,
pitting in his office answering call bells
from Ingleside to the Fishermen's wharf,
chewed six cigars to wisps through sheer
nervousness.
It was a colored gentleman, six feet
high, minus his nether garments, against
whom the concentrated energy of the po
lice force was directed.
Pair of Trousers Only
Clew on Desperate
Still Hunt.
EloquentSpeakersPiead
Cause of Foreign
Labors.
POLICE UNDERGO
GRILLING NIGHT
MASS MEETING
ENDS JUBILEE
THE SAN FE AKCISCO 5CALL, MONDAY, JULY 20, 1903.
ernor, assuming a serious air as he put
the query. : .
VERY. FRIENDLY WITH PLATT.
"Why, the telegraphic news from the
.East frequently contains reports of al
leged fallings out between you*and the
Senator," was the reply.
"Is that so?" responded the Governor,
apparently amused. "Well, we haven't
used any gloves as yet and the last time
I met the Senator he seemed to be very
kindly disposed toward me and I am cer
tain that the feeling was mutual so far
as I was concerned. No, there is nothing
In those reports, several of which I have
seen myself in the New York papers."
Governor Odell and a party of friends
New York's Governor Arrives in With Party, In
eluding Police Commissioner F. V. Greene of Metrop
olis and T. 5. Ellsworth, Former Leader of State Senate
ODELL SAYS HE AND PL ATT
ARE THE BEST OF FRIENDS
10
; ADVEBTISEMENTS. ._ r^_^______
FOR A FEW DAYS
IN ORDER TO COMPLETE THE BEAUTIFUL
INTERIOR OF OUR MAGNIFICENT NEW
STORE
WE WILL SOON ANNOUNCE
THE OPENING OF THE HANDSOMEST, BEST APPOINTED
AND LARGEST EXCLUSIVE CLOTHING ESTABLISHMENT,
WEST OF CHICAGO, SELLING AT RETAIL =====
WAIT, MEANS MOXEY TO YOU
The Mill to Man standard stars high as ever
Every taste and every purse will be gratified
-•_¦¦¦¦ j": '¦ •"»*."¦"¦*.». ¦.-.•¦¦..-•, " ¦ . • .. ¦' ¦ .;.- v..
WHOLES4©f^|Miy SR0^RETAlLING
SALE O&^WWWBJI&CO: DIRECT
(K)THiER5514-§18 MARKET ST. to. you
' ADVEBTISEMEgTS.
This Week We Will Continue Ovr
In All Departments, and ©uot»e Prices
on the Following Few Items:
35 PIECES FRENCH SNOW FLAKE "VOILES."
These are In 9 different colorings, full 43 lnchis
wideband were Imported to sell at 85c gard.
Price now 50c yd.
25 PIECES GENUINE FRENCH CAMELS HAIR
PLAIDS, 46 indies wide, In a gooi Yarletu of Pastel
Colorings, Price SOc yd.
Were formerlu sold for SI. 25 ud.
22 PIECES ALL-WOOL CHECK SUITINGS, two
tone color Combinations, Yeru serviceable and stollsn
goods. 60c yd.
Regular value SI. 50 ud.
ONE CASE AMAZON CLOTH, 50 Inches wide, in
Reds, Tans, Greens, Blues, Browns and Modes.
Price Si. 00 yd.
50 PIECES MERCERIZED FIGURED COTTON
FOULARDS, 32 Inches wide, In light, medium and
dark'colorings. x Price 15c yd.
Former price 20c and 25c nd.
2 CASES GENUINE JAPANESE WASH CREPES,
30 Inches wide, all new stules and warranted fast
colors. Price 20c yd.
100 PIECES FINE PRINTED DIMITIES In ft
beautiful varletu or colorings, such as Blues, Pinks,
Greens, Graus and Black and White. Price 10c yd,
Former price 15c and 25c.
- 2 CASES WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
size, suitable for three-nuarter bads, in Pink and
Blue Borders. Price $3.75. pair.
8 DOZEN GENUINE ENGLISH MOHAIR PETTI-
COATS, made with Spanish flounce and dust ruffle.
These are in Grans, Tans, Light Blue and Graen.
Price S3.OO each.
Good Yalue for $4.50,
¦
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
¦
School opens today — if just'
back from the country—
and looking for something
good to eat— remember we'll
deliver' at once — telephone
or send your orders
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
ipecUl
Table butter— square 40c
Sardines— French— boneless 25c
reg'ly 275c— large can— dozen $2 75
CoCOanut— shredded 22jc
Scheppe't— fresh stock— reg'ly 30c lb
Sausages— p*cv» 42^0
Pork and apple — Cambridge —
Shrewsbury— tomato-^-Oxford —
-reg'ly 50c can— English
Dates— -Fard-reg'ly I2*c lb IOC
Golden dates 3 lbs 25c
Olives farcies-reyssonn«a«27^c
Olives stuffed with anchovies— c
reg'ly 30c— 55c bottle*
Prunes— Italian 3J lbs 25c
Rich— tart — wholesome— reg'ly 10c lb
Sweet pickles— home-made 15c
Old Virginia — 2'C
reg'ly 20c— 30c bottle
Finnan haddie— xeai's 15c
Breakfast delicacy— reg'ly 20c can
* \ Bee brand tea
* Purest — cleanest — most
delicately flavored tea the
Island of Ceylon produces
50c 60c 80c $1 lb
French vegetables 20c
• 3 varieties— reg'ly 25c can
MolaSSeS— Old Fashioned 55c
Taffy pull— ginger bread —
reg'ly 75c— gallon can
Kippered herring— Moir** 2 oc
Real dainty— reg'ly 25c can
Salad dressing 25c
Sierra Madre— piquant
mayonnaise — reg'ly 30c bottle
Paraffin e wax 2 lbs 25c
Seals jelly glasses secure I y—
mold preventive— reg'ly 20c lb
Jelly glaSSeS-reg'Iy 35c doz 30c
BAD WAY'S READY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 60 years aa a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
for Malaria and all BoweU Pains. All dnuzUu.
pDLDBERG
BDWEN
St CD
Fruit jars-itoyciz-pts %\ 40 |i 25
Extra heavy qts i 65 I 50
white square glass-i gal 2 I 80
EggS-fresh— dozen 25c
Hawaiian Beauty
Kona Coffee
Exquisite flavor— Ik , n «
This coffee is 3 to 4 years uc
old— the highest type of
Kona cultivated
New comb honey
Carmel soap 50c
Made from olive oil in Palestine —
reg'ly 6oc— box 6 cakes
Toilet ammonia 25c
Violet— lavender— reg'ly 30c bottle
Hamamelis 15c 25c 40c
Pure extract of witch-hazel
Towel rack— 2 arms %\ 70c
Nickel— 15 In. long-3 " 13590c
Ice cream freezer 5a
Magic— 3 quarts— reg'ly (2 50
Liquor department
Gin— Old Tom— dry 9OC
D..C. L.— regMy $1 bottle
Cognac— French . $1 2O
Randon — very fine and reliable —
reg'ly f 1 so bottle
Scotch and Irish whiskies
reg'ly specUl
Highland Club —Scotch ) «. o__
Killycray— g Irish \* 1 5 0 c
Caledonian— S&tc'i li 35 $1 15
Highland Nectar— ** 1 50 I 2O
Whisky— Sour mash bourbon 95c
Our bottling— O. O.F. « d
reg'ly U 25 bottle— $$ gallon *^
Sarsaparilla— soda $i 50
Delicious— sparkling—
reg'ly $ i 65 dozen— Schiceppe'a
Cherries in marasquin 50c
Flavor lemonade— punch —
cocktails— reg'ly 53c quart
Big. catalogue free
432 Pin« 232 Slitter 2800 California
San Frane'sco
Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oakland
BAJ A. CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervln*.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, tor both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy tor Diseases of th«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABER. ALFS A BRCNE. Aeents.
823 Market et.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
IA/. T. HESS.
KCTAEY PUBLIC ASD ATTOKHXT-AT-tiAW,
Ttnth >loor. Room 1015. CUus Spr«cktl» twdx.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 821 Callforal* «t.. below Poweiw
Residence Telephone Jam— loot.
V7EEKLY CALL, $1 PEB YEAB.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPROUTS
MARKET
YOU JUST CAN'T duplicate these
prices elsewhere. Buying the quantities
we do and selling the quantities we sell
plac«. us In a position to retail groceries
as low as wholesale prices... and In many
Instances at a lower price than whole-
sal*.
20 lbs. SpreckeJs pure cane sugar. . .,$J.OO
4 cans deep red salmon 25e
Finest Eastern hams % car, lb. . . .14',-jC
0 lbs Eastern lard. <J5c; 10 lbs f 1.25
Finest California Burbank potatoes,
box 8.1c
8 bars Fairbank's Santa Claus soap..2Bc
10 bars Eastern Honey laundry soap.. 23c
40c and 6Oc 4-stitch brooms now 25c
8 lbs breakfast food wheat 25c
Solid car best flour. 50 lbs. ........ .$1.05
All brands canned creams, dozen. ...OBe
Imported sardines, 3 for 25c; dozen.. JKSc
SOc beef extracts, all brands, 2 for.. 53c
30c vanilla or lemon extract 20c -'$1
bottle O5 C
Marphall's sauce, same 8s Lea & Per-
rlns". 2 for ; 28c
Pure olive oil. pints, 4Oc; quarts.
75e; H gallon ?1.25
Hire's extracts. 5Oc doien; bottle 5c
6 cans Baltimore oysters 45c
7 bars sand soap :..;... 25c
80 cases pork and beans can 5c;
<Jo*en " RSe
16 3-lb cans sauerkraut can 10c :
COO cases finest quality 3-lb cans
peaches, apricots and pears;' this in • :
an opportunity you have never had
before to buy the best goods for
less than -one-half their actual
value; 12 cans '...' fl.OO
25 cases mushrooms, per can .15c
6^ lbs of 12V4c rice .. ...... ....5Oc
18 sacks tapioca or sago 7 lbs......2Kc
California full; cream che'ese lb 15c
2 pkgs grape nuts '.... 25c
3 5c sacks salt IOc
Pound can Ghirardelli's chocolate, I
25c; 3 lbs .'.roc
40c reg. assorted preserves In glass... 2Oc
Host all brnnds best baking powder, lb.SOc
6 lbs pure buckwheat, 25»c; 13 lbs.....5Oc
% gal. cans pure honey, 5Oc; 2 cans.lH>e
3 bottles stuffed olives ......25c
25c bottles , celery or horseradish -
mustard ........ , ...........IOc
Jelly glasses, :dozen . ...;.. ........ ijJOe
Pint Mason Jars, dozen 45c
4^ packages cornstarch. 25c; dozen.'. . .7Oc
New Orleans molasses, pure,' gal. can. OOc
Imported soups, can. "5c; 'dozen ......55c
GO sacks dried fruits, seedless raisins,
•5 lbs. < 25c; dried: peaches.' 6 lbs.
Juic; 14 lbs prunes, 25c; 5 lbs aprl- ¦
cots, 25c; _ 5 lbs dried pears 25c
Special on eggs and butter all week
SOc quality tea. 5Oc; 60c quality. .:. .35e
Finest quality of Mocha and Java
coffee.. 4-lb . can. . HOc. Last week *
at this price. Better buy a month's
supply in bean; we will grind it for
you. • • .
2 gnl. pail extra, quality syrups.., ... 85c
For medicinal purposes. We . keep
them expressly for family use. Our
prices are but little. If any, more
than half the price you would pay.
liquor houses and drug stores I for
Inferior goods: . . ¦ . * • ". ¦
Belmont whisky, quart. 4Oc; gal..91.5O
O. P. S. whisky, quart. 4Oc; gal..il.5O
Golden Club whisky, qt 40c; gal.. $1.50
Sliver Crescent whisky, quart SOc: •
gallon ' $1.75
Harvest Home whisky quart 5Oc-
Ka'lon ..»...:.....:... ..$1.75
Queen's Cup whisky, quart, 5Oc:
gallon :. ..$1.75
Silver Shell whisky, qt. 55c;. gal.. .*2.OO
Indian Star whisky, qt. 55c; gal..$2.OO
Old Government whisky, ' quart 7Oc*
gallon _ ; .$2.25
Old Pepper whisky, quart OOc ; gal-
lon. f5 grade .$2.25
Marquette whisky, quart, OOc- |4 .
grade, gallon $2.25
Jesse Moore: AA whisky, quart, 75c;. -
pints ............ . 25c
Hunter Rye whisky, quart, OOc-
% pints i 5o
Imported Geneva gin, pints, 25e; .
quarts. SOc; gallon*-... ...$2.O0
$1.60 port or sherry, qts. 2Oc; gal..7O«
$1.00 claret, quarts. J5e; gallon. .... .5Oc
Dr. Burke's ginger ; brandy, quarts.. .OOc
Blackberry brandy, quarts . .. .'. ... . .40c
All California beer, quarts dozen.. $1.00
These prices are for all week as long as
the different articles last. Cut this out and
keep It for reference. Mall orders filled
If you cannot - come to . store telephone
South S94 or drop us a postal. 1049 Market
street, .between Sixth- and Seventh oppo-
site Jones or McAllister street "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TSE STOKE Or QUALITY.
Our goods are guaranteed to be the very
best.
——SPECIALS
KOVSAT, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY
Table Butter, Fme Creamery, sq. 45c
HonarchSoap (Laundryj7 cakes 25c
Pure tallow soap.
Armour Wash. Powder, a P v K . J5 C
Large parka tree. — — — —
Heinz Rckles, Mixed bot. 15c
Toilet Paper (Rolls) 4 for 25c
Peas (CaL) Tin IOc
Jelly Glasses Doz. 30c
Lentils (CaL) 51bs.25c
Castile Soap (Almond Flavor)
long bar . 75c
Verr Finest French Soap,*
small cake 10c
Port or Sherry Wine bot. 25c
Fine Old Cal. Wine* .... gaL $1.00
Regular SOc and SI 50.
Country Orders Carefully Packed.
£26-228 POWELL BTEEET.
Tel Main S18.