SAN FRANCIS.CO, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1903.
VOLUME XCIV— XO. 153.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
INSURGENTS HOLD
UP STATE CABLES
SENT TO POWELL
GORMAN A TTACKS
THE PRESIDENT IN
A BITTER SPEECH
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— Another crarik
attempted to the President to-day.
This time it was Edward Tanner, a na
tive of Switzerland, '38 years old, who
wished to appeal to the President for pro
tection from. Dr. Edward Koch. . a German
physician, who, he alleged, was pursuing
him about the earth in an airship, accom
panied by. two other men and three'wo
men, bent on "his destruction.
Tanner reached the executive office af
ter the President had left. He was inter
cepted by Secret Service Agent Taylor
and sent to a police station. He made
no resistance and was not armed. " v ~
Edward Tanner Seeks Protection'
From Imaginary Pursuer in
an Airship.
CRANK MAKES EFFORT
TO SEE THE PRESIDENT
Mistakes Him in the Darkness for an
OREGON POLICEMAN SHOOTS
TTTS AGED FATHER-IN-LAW
ExLemy Intent on Assaulting
Trim.
REDDING. Oct. 30.— G. F. Eglin. a po
liceni»n of Ashland, Or., was coming
home at an early hour this morning when
he discovered that be was being followed
by some one. As he had had trouble with
eome rough characters he feared an at
tempt was to be made to assault him. He
called on the man to stop, but no atten
tion was paid to this command. Eglin
then shot at the man. who fell, and Eglin
was horrifitd to find that the man he
had shot, was his father-in-law. Peter
Hoover. Hoover Is an aged man, and, be
ing partially deaf, had not heard the com
mand to halt. The bullet struck him in
the chin and lodged in the jaw. causing
.a painful wound.
TO FOSTER A DEMAND
FOR RUSSIAN GOODS
.Passenger and Freight Service to Be
Established Between Vlaivo
stok and This Country.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 30—WItfa the
cbject of fostering the growing demands
in America for Russian goods the volun
teer fleet Is organizing a regular passen
ger and freight eervice to ports in North
America. The service will be inaugurated
toy the steamer Smolensk, sailing shortly
from Vladivostok-
Lckal Anzelger frcra St. Petersburg says
the Russian Government has decided to
increase the ordinary naval budget.
Seven million dollars for the purpose of
etrengthering the fleet will be added, as
well as Jl.500.000 for the bettering of the
fortifications at Pert Arthur.
rortilications at Port Arthur Are to
Be Improved by the
Czax.
BERLIN. Oct. 20.— A dispatch to the
RUSSIA WILL SPEND -
MILLIONS ON A FLEET
CORVALLIS. Or., Oct. 30.— This town
has been agog for twenty-four hours with
the doings of the members of a religious
sect whom some persons call- "The Holy
Rollers." In the fanaticism of their de
votions the enthusiasts have burned fur
niture, carpets and clothing. Musical In
struments of all kinds, without regard to
value, have been delivered to the flames.
The scene of their devotions is a house
in the south end of the town. The side
walks about the premises were torn up
yesterday and burned and the flowers,
shrubbery and fruit trees were destroyed.
During the day dogs and cats were
burned on a sacrificial fire. Members of
the sect deny the case of the cats, but
admit that a dog was sacrificed.
A feature that has added materially to
the public Interest is that O. V. Hurt,
ex-chairman of the Republican County
Central Committee and at present State
commltteeman, has Joined the sect. For
mer members of the Salvation Army are
also devoted worshipers.
This afternoon two of the high priests
of the sect were tried before the County
Judge for Insanltr. They were arrested
this morning and spent the forenoon In
JaiL Their hearing • occurred at 1 o'clock,
and after a " rigid examination, lasting
until 6, they were released. The men are
J. Creffleld, a Swede, who came here about
a year ago, and Captain Brooks, formerly
of the Salvation Army.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fanatics in Oregon
Destroy Their
Property.
TT *%T ¦JASHINGTON. Oct. 30.-A
¦ Jm / cable^ ra n 1 received to-day
~^*f^kf from Minister Powell xt
''¦¦jfi"-Wr ' ' ports conditions In San
* r ". to Domingo are In a state
of great disturbance. The
State Department Is making vigorous ef
forts to communicate with Minister Pow
ell by cablegram, but with unsatisfactory
results, in consequence of the fact that
the Insurgents appear to be in possession
of the telegraph lines.
To guard against any further cable
lapses the §tate Department Is sending
written instructions to Minister Powell
for his guidance during the revolution,
and these will go forward on the Balti
more, which will sail to-day from Hamp
ton Roads for Santo Domingo.
SANTO DOMINGO, Thursday, Oct. 29.—
The political situation In thi3 city is un
changed. Quiet prevails, but serious trou
bles may arise here at any • time and the
presence of an American warship is de
sirable.
The Clyde line steamer Cherokee from
New York arrived to-day. She had been
prevented by the Dominican Government
cruiser Independencla from calling at
Puerto Plata, Samana, and Macoris.\ She
reports that the whole of the northern
part of the island is joined in the revolu
tionary movement.
PUERTO PLATA, Santo Domingo, Oct.
30.— "On to the caoital" is the cry of the
revolutionists. Preparations are being
hurriedly made for an attack on Santo
Domingo. More than 2000 revolutionists
are now at Cotury under command of
Generals EDefance Rodreauez and Jose
Bordas, organizing for batUe against the
principal city of the republic.
The first resistance is expected at Sillon
de la Vlnda and a desperate battle is an
ticipated. General Merales is jubilant and
he Is confident of the success of the revo
lution. His friends have cabled money
and he announces that his triumph will be
accomplished within a few days. Secret
advices to the revolutionists state that, a
steamer - has been chartered in "Porto
Rico to run the blockade. This vessel
with ¦ arms and ammunition is expected
here to-morrow.
SEATTLE STEAM SCHOONER .
RAINIER IS TOTAL WRECK
Still Holds Fast to Rocks in Icy
Strait and Seas Are Breaking
Over Her.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Oct. 30. — The
steamer City of Seattle, arriving from
the north this evening, brought news of
what appears to be the total wreck of
the Seattle steam schooner Rainier. The
vessel ran on the rocks In Icy Strait,
two hours' run from Juneau, last Satur
day night. On Sunday she was still fast
and the sea, breaking over her, threat
ened to smash her to pieces.
The Rainier Is ' a , halibut fishing vessel
of ISO tons. She. fished in the open
sea north of Chichagoff Island, and was
making '¦ for Juneau "heavily laden when
she was caught by the storm. She had a
crew of fifteen men and these all man
aged to get ashore shortly after the ves
sel hit the rocks. They were taken to
Juneau on Sunday. There was no pros
pect of saving the wrecked vessel. Her
home port Is San' Franclscol
DE^VE 1 *' Colo., Oct. 30.— An unsuc
cessful attempt has been made to wreck
a switch engine in the" Colorado and
Southern yards^' in this city, and by the
merest chance the crew escaped death.
The dynamite had been placed under a
tie and exploded as the engine passed
over the tie. The engine swayed, but did
not leave the track. Officials of the road
say there Is i no truth in • a report that
dynamiters are trying to extort black
mail from the company, as was attempt
ed • in Montana.
Dynamite Explodes Under Locomo
tive in . Denver Railroad Yard but
Does Little Damage,
ATTEMPT TO WRECK ENGINE .
FAILS BY MERE CHANCE
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 30.— The im
provement noted i last ! night in the condi
tion I of W.~; L. Elkins.-; the i financier, \ con
tinues. . It * was ' stated : at ] his ; home , to*^
night I that V there } was ¦; po change ; ; in : his
condition. ; and : that . he is resting easllv. <
Elkins Is No Worse.
VIENNA. Oct. 30— Professor Bobak has
been summoned to Lucerne to attend the
Countess Lonyay, whose condition Is
urave The Countess Is the Princess Ste
nhanle of Belgium, the second daughter
of King Leopold. She has been a widow
of 'the ill-fated Crown Prince 'Rudolph,
whose, "mysterious death occurred in -18S3,
for' eleven* years. : when ..she married
Count I-onyay, giving. up her royal rank.
Professor Bobak Summoned to Lu
cerne to Attend King Leopold's
* Daughter.
CONDITION OF COUNTESS
' ! LONYAYIS VERY GRAVE
DOLE TO SUCCEED ESTEE >
AND CARTER FOR GOVERNOR
Chief Executive of Hawaii Will Prob
" ably Be Succeeded by Territorial
Secretary.
HONOLULU, <->ct. 30. —Advices ' from
Washington, ' D. C, state that Governor
Dole will probably be appointed United
States District Judge of Hawaii to suc
ceed Morris M. Estee. deceased, and that
Governor * Dole 1 will be , succeeded by
George R. Carter, Secretary of the Terri
tory-
Union and that in the States of New Jer
sey, New ': York, Connecticut, Ohio and
'Illinois ", it" is 'essential to his party's suc
cess. In Maryland, where the negro vote
constitutes two-thirds of the Republican
party, It is absolutely necessary, for with
out it; the; State is hopelessly lost to the
Republicans. . ,
¦i ; "Unless I mistake the temper of the
people of .this country there. will ;be\ the
same revolution of public . sentiment and
the same; protest that was ; accorded * in
1S92 by the white people of the entire na
tion/against, the ; administration of Pres-'
ldent Harrison for his attempt ;> to ; force
negro . domination i upon the ?; South I and
thus .destroy that "I section ; and :¦ paralyze
the industries of the .whole , United States.
This; issue, is .forced. upon us by the Pres
ident. ¦ He' has • made [ the ; gage • of * battle
and ;we must meet; it as becomes Mary
landers." '^fflHH^; 1 - ¦-,
JURY TAKES
FEW MINUTES
WITH PARKS
Walking Delegate
Guilty of Ex
tortion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— For the second
time within two months > Samuel Parks,
walking delegate of the Housesmiths' and
Bridgemen's Union No. 2, was convicted
of the crime of extortion in the Court
of -General Sessions this afternoon. It
took the Jury Just twelve minutes, dur
ing, which time they balloted twice, to
agree on the guilt of Parks In extorting
$500 from Tiffany Studios, a firm of con
tractors, under threat of keeping them
from continuing work on a building last
January.
It was shown at the trial that Parks
had obtained $500 from the Tiffany firm
as "an initiation fee" last January when
the housesmiths and bridgemen were on
strike on three of the Tiffany contracts in
this city. Parks claimed that this money
was a fine levied by his labor union.
Later the fact developed that Parks had
been disloyal to his union, inasmuch as
he permitted the" Tiffany firm to .employ
non-union men on jobs after having re
ceived the $300. •
This accusation was not denied by the
defendant or his counsel during the trial,
but the latter contended that Parks had
given the money to the treasurer of his
organization and that the entire transac
tion was a business deal which Instead of
being a crime afforded considerable
business advantage to the firm which paid
him. Counsel for Parks endeavored to
introduce certificates as to the prisoner's
delicate state of health, but Judge New
berger, before whom the case was tried,
refused to admit them.
When the jury was polled and the ver
dict rendered Parks glared at the Jury
men "with the same look of defiance which
he' maintained during this as well as his
previous trial. He was remanded for sen
tence a week hence. Parks is now await
ing the decision of the higher court on a
writ of error, having been sentenced after
his trial to a term of not less than two
and a half nor more^ than three and a half
years in Sing Sing prison.: The charge on
which' bis, former conviction was secured
was also extortion.
' On tha reassembling of the court As
sistant'District Attorney Band began his
SACRIFICIAL
FIRES BURN
THEIR GOODS
AMERICAN ' MINISTER AT
SEAT OF TROUBLE IN SAN
DOMINGO.
i
UNITED STATES SENATOR i
WHO SPOKE AGAINS.¥ THE" :{
PRESIDENT AT . BALTIMORE. |
- TACOMA, Wash., Oct.T SO.— H. S. % Wil
son, who Is en, route (f r«m Name'.to.'his
home in Sari* Francisco, says ' thak Nome
is no longer the* Utepla- of the poor man!
In his opinion the corporations and capi
talists have the country at their mercy. He
owns fifteen claims on Sunset Cre«k and
last winter went to bedrock at an ex
pense of $600. Half way down rich gravel
was encountered, but to handle -It profit
ably would require running a water ditch
for many miles. This, he says, illustrates
where the capitalist steps in , and; dic
tates terms to the individual miners who
have uncovered gold. Wilson says that
the Miocene Ditch Company, owning a
long ditch In the Solomon district, last
summer gave up an Income of $30,000 per
month paid by certain miners and de
manded as toll 60 per cent of the gold
taken out. The miners yielded, being'un
able to do anything else. This and other
company will build many ditches, making
development possible and fortune for their
owners.
Returning Miner Says* -Capitalists
and Corporations Have Country
at Their Mercy.'
NOME IS NO LONGER
; THE POOR MAN'S UTOPIA
Cruiser Takes Orders
to Minister at San
Domingo.
1 "The President Is the leader of his k party
now and ' will " be next year. The
clans of his party may advise him* that
the solid. negro vote (for in;votingYthey
are indivisible) holds the balance of pow
er. In the great central States of the
"Thoughtful citizens, both North and
South, regret such' an issue. They; dread
It and will evade it if possible. But If the
President and' his party drive the | Issue
it must be met and the responsibility
must rest upon them.
"Mr. Roosevelt, in his anxiety to be
constantly doing something, has made a
mistake. I believe of him as I have be
lieved of all the Presidents, 'that he is
sincere and patriotic. But every man in
public position is liable to mistakes. None
could be more serious than the one made
by him in his attempt to force again: to
the front the question of equality, social
and political, of the negro race.
"Immediately after the close of the war
came the adoption of the fourteenth and
fifteenth amendments, which enfran
chised the blacks for party purposes
alone and thus injected into the body
politic a people unprepared and unfitted
for self-government. The Anglo-Saxon
has never and ,wlll never tolerate the so
cial equality or the political domination
of the negro race.
STATION OF THE NEGRO.
"I have a, great respect for the Presi
dent. He ought not to be lightly or un
justly criticized. But lovers of liberty
must enter their earnest protest whenever
high officers. of the Government exercise
powers or commit acts which tend to re
strict the rights of the people or unduly
interfere in matters of State concern.
"President Roosevelt is 'a man of fine
attainments and of honest "convictions.
He is young In years, impulsive, ambi
tious; is a partisan and believes In his
party. In his anxiety for its success he
is liable to make mistakes, and In my
Judgment he has committed a most
grievous error in forcing, to the front an
issue which must be deplored by all the
conservative men of the country.
"In every country where the race issue
has risen It has always carried In its
wake lamentable results. It has been at
tended by evil consequences.* I trust his
earnestness and impetuosity may be re
stricted and that he may be prevailed
upon to accept wiser counsel In his treat
ment of the negro problem. From the day
a cargo of Africans was landed and sold
as slaves until this hour the burden of
the white man of this country has been
more than that borne by any people
known to history. It was one of "the
causes which led to a most gigantic war,
which drenched the country in blood, de
stroying many homes and impoverishing
a gallant people.
CRITICISM OF ROOSEVELT.
"The extraordinary, unusual, and, I
think you will agree with me, unfortu
nate activity and interest displayed by
the President of the United States in par
ticipating in his party's councils by call
ing to Washington the prominent Repub
licans-of this State is such an uncalled
for Interference In our domestic affairs
that It must be met with no uncertain
protest by our people. '
"Ordinarily the result of the State elec
tion concerns the . people ' of the State
alone. Its only bearing upon national
politics is the fact that the Legislature to
be elected will elect a Senator to repre
sent this State in the Senate of the United
States. But circumstances and occur
rences which have been forced upon us
make «the result of this year of more than
local import.
The most important address of the even
ing was that of Senator Gorman, who, in
addition to his advocacy of the State
ticket and his excoriation of -the Republi
cans, referred to President Roosevelt and
the race issue as follows: - -
didate for Governor, and a
"number of Democrats, including United
States Senator Gorman.
mjm ALTIMORE. Oct. 30.— At a
JS i 9 Democratic mws meeting held
fa "*£T to-night at the close of the
fi# J9 campaign speeches were made
fi m^ by Edward Warfleld, the can-
United States Sena
tor. Discusses
Race Issue.
Distressing accounts have been received
from the entire peninsula of 'the effects
of extremely tempestuous -weather. In the
north and south great. quantities. of rain
have fallen, causing floods and accompa
nied by heavy lightning arid high winds.
Severe storms at sea are reported, but
no lives are known to have been lost.
ROME, Oct. SO.— King Victor Emmanuel
fend Queen Helena had a narrow escape
from Injury or death to-day when a thun
derbolt fell on the royal hunting lodge
at San Rossore, where the sovereigns are
staying.
The bolt caused a fire which assumed
such alarming proportions that the fire
brigade at Pisa, the nearest one, was
called. The sovereigns took; great inter
est .in the work of extinguishing the
flames. ,
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 31.— The Morning Post
to-c*a.y Eays that It understands that Ja
pan Is by no means prepared to acquiesce
In the euggestion that she give Russia a
free h&nd in Manchuria in exchange for
& Japanese free hand in Korea. Japan
•contends, says the Morning Post, that
the two Questions are entirely separat3;
that Korean independence already has
been secured by convention, and that as
Manchuria was restored to China by Ja
pan at the Instigation cf European pow
ers ehe naturally cannot consent to its
occupation by Russia.
The correspondent of the Dally Mail at
Kobe Quotes the Hochi Shiman cf Tokio
to the effect that the diplomatic corps of
the Japanese capital have no hope of a
peaceful 'settlement of the pending diffi
culties. Even Baron Shtbusawa. at a
meeting of the Backers' Union, advocated
war, although the interests of the bank
ers is logically in the direction of peace.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 30.— The For
f'gn cOee here declared that the- re
occupation cf Mukden, Manchuria, by
Russian trocps is not connected with the
question cf the commercial ports. The
railroad guards. !t is explaim-d, reoccu
j".ied the city because the Chinese Gov
ernor refused to comply with certain de-
E.ands cf the Russian Commissioners.
PEKING, Oct. 30.— The Chinese Minis
tcr at St. Petersburg telegraphs that
•chile the war party has been dominant
lor a long* time he believes, a peace senti
ment is beginning: to prevail.
It has been suggested that the admin
istration's apparent complacent view of
the Far Eastern situation, which many
regard as a menace for the "open door,"
5f the outprowth of the President's belief
that an aggressive Chinese policy en
tangling the United States m the. quarrel
of- Russia and Japan would be extremely
unpopular and should therefore be
avoided.
President Roosevelt and Secretary Hay
both regard the occupation of Mckden as
embarrassing to their "open door" policy,
bi:t they are not inclined to take any
vigorous action in the direction of pro
testing as long as public sentiment in the
United States is so indifferent te Ameri
can interests in the Far East.
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— Russia's reoccu
ration cf Mukden is not pleasing to the
Uriited States Government, but there is
r.o strong inclination on the part of the
President cr the State Department to
xsakc a protest at the present time. It Is
hoped that Russia's reoccupation ¦will not
Interfere with the treaty rights of the
United States. No statement is obtain
cb'e as. to what the United Statts will do
if Russia tries to prevent the opening of
this port.
Ejveeial Disratch to Tfce Call.
Lightning Strikes a Build
ing in Which Monarchs
Are Domiciled.
Diplomats in Japan's Capi
tal Have No Hope of
Enduring Peace.
Royal Hunting Lodge
Burned in a Thun
der Storm.
Open Door Policy Is
Imperiled by the
Muscovite.
Italy's Sovereign
and His Wife
in Peril
Mukden Reoceupa
tion Displeases
Uncle Sam.
BOLT FALLS
FROM SKIES
NEAR A A KING
RUSSIA'S ACT
MAY COMPEL
OUR PROTEST
In, closing Mr. Rand asked the jury not
to acquit the prisoner and make it possi
ble for Parks to go out and again prey
upon honest labor and honest capital.* ;--.
BARCELONA, Spain, Oct. 30.— The an
archists here are endeavoring to foment a
general strike in sympathy with the strike
at Bilbao. The captain general has hur
riedly left Barcelona for Madrid. Already
large numbers of people are out of work
In consequence of the shutting down of
many local factories.
summing upi He said among other thing9:
"Parks accepted money in the name of
a cause he basely betrayed. He inflicted
hardships on the members of his union
by calling men awajrfrom their work and
thereby robbing them, as well as taking
the bread out of their mouths and the
mouths of their wives and children or
others dependent on their earnings, while
he got money and put it to his own use
to further fatten a fat purse."
BILBAO, Spain, Oct. 30.— The night
passed without Incident, the' strikers hav
ing been overawed by the display of mili
tary force. General Zappeno continues
negotiations with the employers and the
strikers and there is some hope of an un
derstanding being reached to-day. Food
is scarce. A torrential , downfall of rain
assists in keeping the streets clear. All
the troops have been withdrawn to their
barracks, with the exception of the cav
alry detachments, which are patrolling
the streets.
an Understanding Being
Beached.
Food Is Scarce and There Is Hope of f
SPANISH STRIKERS HELD
IN CHECK BY MTLITAXY
The accident occurred at 4 a. m. In a
dense fog six miles from Hakodate. Tha
Tokai Maru, which belonged to the Yu
sen Kaisha Company of Toklo, sank im
mediately. After rescuing all the per
sons possible the Progress returned to
Hakodate. She was severely,, damaged.
The Russian Consul is making v up a
statement of the case for the court of
inquiry. The steamer Jinsen Maru has
gone to the scene of the disaster with
divers to search for the bodies of tha
persons who were drowned.
YOKOHAMA, Oct. 30.— It was ascer
tained to-day that forty-five persons out
cf 103 who were on board the steamer
Tokai Maru ¦were drowned as a result of
the sinking of that vessel yesterday after
having been in collision with the Rus
sian steamer Progress off Hakodate,
"Japan. The engineer of the steamship
succumbed after having been picked up
by the Progress. The mails and all tha
valuables of the sunken vessel were lost.
Forty-rive Is the Number Drowned
Through Sinking of Steamship
Tokai Ham.
DIVERS SEARCH FOR
VICTIMS OP COLLISION
LAMONT, S. D.. Oct. 3D.— A hypnotist
came here on Tuesday. He secured the
schoolhouse and advertised to hypnotize
and to bury six feet deep for twenty-four
hours a subject. Ole Rasmussen was se
lected as a suitable subject and without
much persuasion gave himself up In con
sideration of the sum of S3 to be taken
through the proposed performance.
"When the time for the lecture arrived
the next evening the little schoolhouse
was packed and scores of people were
standing outside at the' doors and windows
to witness the affair. Young Rasmussen
was taken from his grave and returned
in his coffin to the schoolhous*. He was
then taken out and laid upon the table
where he had undergone the operation of
being placed under a hypnotic influence
the evening before.
The lecturer then proceeded to restore
the young man to consciousness. His first
attempt failed to produce the desired re
sult, and so did the second and likewise
the third. After repeated efforts with the
same fruitless results the lecturer became
excited, lost his self-control, fainted and
-fell to the platf onn In a swoon.
Realizing the desperate situation, tha
audience .:~z instantly is. a state of the
greatest excitement- The lecturer was
trampled underfoot by an Infuriated mob
of farmers and would have been killed
had it not been for the presence of a few
ccol-headed men who took charge of the
man, removed him to a farmhouse near by
and locked him in a bedchamber. But in
the midst cf the uproar at the schoolhouse
he regained consciousness and Ced through
a window. A mob is in search of him to
night. Rasmussen is dying, the physi
cians say.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Man Buried for Twenty-
Four Hours Fails to
Come to Life Again.
Audience Tries to Kill
. Lecturer After a
Performance.
Failure of Experi
ment Enrages
farmers.
MOB SHOUTS
FOB LIFE OF
A HYPNOTIST
T3S WEATHSB.
; ror ecast mad* at/Saa Tran
:i«co for thlrtr' tijurs endtaar
nldnlsrht, October 31, 1903:
: San Francisco and vicinity—
31oudy, unsettled weather Sat
urday; probably Uffht rain;
fresh southeast winds. "
A. O. VcABXE,
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.
THE THRATEB3.
Alcarar— "Under Bad Sob*."
California — "Budolph and Ad-
Central — "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Columbia — "Soldiers of For
tune."
n»cher'« — "Tie Paraders."
Grand — "Spotless Town."
Orpaerua — Vaudeville.
The Chutes — Vaudeville.
Tivcli — Grand Opera.SANTA ROSA. Oct. \ 30— Wilson . McMil
lan '.was;. taken -to the'- County Hospital
from Stewarts Point yesterday suffering
from a broken r Jaw, • the-; result i of being
kicked ; . by,, a horse. . •• Dr.* M. \ M. ; Shearer,
the county, physician," is Tof -the 'opinion
that the entire upper.- jawbone will • have
to be. removed. /«-.
Eickin g Horse Breaks • Owner's Jaw.
Young Child Is Fatally 'Burned.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 30.— While playing
with fire this afternoon Ruth ;Bratton, a
five-year-old child, was so severely burned
that her life Is despaired of. Securing
some matches little Ruth Kindled a fire
of papers in the yard in the rear of her
home and the blaze was communicated to
her -clothinj. Before assistance reached
her she waa badly burned about the body
and in addition, inhaled the : flames. The
physicians attending her hold out no hope
of her recovery •
Death of Sister Damien.
SANTA CRUZ,- Oct. 3O.-Slstsr Damien
of the. order of the Sisters . of Charity,
who was for many years connected with
the school of Jloly C/tobs in this c!ty, : died
yesterday at'San Jose. • .?•
* STOCKHOLM, Oct. 30.— Baron Nordenskjold
has arranged f or a eoologlcal and anthropolo
gical expedition * to the frontiers or Peru^nd
Bolivia. Xbe party eUrU January I. 1 '
KESWICK." Oct.' .30.— The . Siskiyou
County Grand Jury, which ; adjourned at
Yreka yesterday, ordered the District.At
torney. to take immediate , ! steps to ! stop
the operation of all the nickel-ln-the-slot
machines in the county. : The order; has
created consternation, for the machines
have been doing a big 'business all; over
the county. > .-...'A. '_¦'.. . :"*¦'
Siskiyou Bars the Slot Machines.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 30— Since 1 the
State's new history of the United States
was issued in the latter part of Septem
ber there have been 20,000 copies sold.
The first edition consisted of 8000 copies,
the second of 12,000 copies, and the third
edition Is now in the hands of the State
Printer. The histories are sold by the
State at cost, which is fixed at 81 cents.
Dealers, in order to pay the cost of
freight, may charge 95 cents each for
the histories. * " .
Big Sales of State's New History.
GILROY, Oct. 30.— The wreck of the
Del Monte flyer near the Catholic church,
Gilroy, attracted a throng o.f sightseers
all last evening and to-day. A temporary
track has been laid around the wreck and
traffic was resumed early this morning.,
Superintendent J. C. Wilder. of the
Coast Division came here with the wreck
ing crew last evening and fifty men are
engaged with the crew in righting the
encine and cars. -It will be; some days
before the coaches are in place. The
wrecking crew will work. day. and night.
Charles ¦ Dunbar, the Injured -fireman,'
was taken to the Railroad Hosoital in
San Francisco. It is thought "that his
injuries are not permanent. v ,,'
. The blame for the accident is attached
to the flagman, • who "did not wave the]
warning, signal. .:¦; . ¦. .::¦•;- - ¦ ;
Temporary Track Is Laid Around the
Derailed Cars and Traffic Is *
Resumed.
FLAGMAN IS BLAMED
' " FOB WRECK OF FLYER
Gravel Train Buns Into an Engine.
Nev., Oct. 30.— A gravel train
ran into the switch engine in the Reno
yards this 'afternoon. Engineer Ross Pe
terson of the switch engine had his heel
badly sprained in jumping. Both engines
were derailed and one car telescoped.
1 The : Butter Mining Company is sinking
a shaft on , the Murray . : place, on which
the original Blue Ravine mine was situ
ated, near Folsom. The- Prosperity mine,
near Folsom, will be, reopened. The new,
plant of. the Gray. Wing. Company Is com
pleted." : A new shaft will be sunk by the
Hupp & Roberts Company oil the Perazzo
place/ near Folsom.
Paul & Garlick of San - Francisco have
bought the Texas Consolidated mine, near
Keswick. af foreclosure sale for $20,000.
,' The Alleghany. drift miner at Alleghany.
Sierra County, wiU'run during the winter
season.
The 'Yankee Hill Mining • Company has
secured an" extension of bond on i the Vine
Spring ''mine/:- near Columbia, ..Tuolumne
County,; An additioruwill.be made to the
stamp mill : and : a; cyanide plant ; . will r be
put in , ' ! \
The German" quartz mine, on the South
Yuba , River, between Washington and
Maybert, which has been Idle several
years, will soon resume, so It is reported
by the Nevada County Miner. _
The North Bloomfield Mining Company
Is reported to have a large force at work
repairing. Bowman's dam. A tunnel is
also being run into the hill to the distance
of several hundred f eeL This tunnel will"
be used as a passageway for the water,
that will eventually be run from the dam
to ttie mill. Operations on the mine prop
er will begin as soon as the preliminary
work now under way. Is completed.
Theodore Kohler of Grass Valley has
bought a half-interest in the Gold Bank
and Oro Flno mine's, in Nevada County.
The South Yuba Mining Company has
been organized to operate at French Cor
ral. The Incorporators are I.' W. Hay?
Otto Woehler and G. P. Malville, all of.
Grass Valley.
The Nevada County Miner reports that
the Huron group of mines will be devel
oped rapidly. ..
The Sacramento Bee reports the follow
ing concerning the plans of the State
Antl-Oebris Association:
Devlin & Devlin, attorneys for the associa
tion, report that the briefs. In the ease of th«
County of Butter vs. George C. Sargent and
othern pending in the Supreme Court, had all
been written and the case is now ready for
submission. They also reported that Injunc
tions were served on the 5th day of October,
1903, on Charles Hund and James Stewart,
who had been operating mines on the Ameri
can R'ver. near Gold Run, ¦ In Placer County,
and also as to the condition of the other cases
now pending in court und«r their charge. An
executive sasslon waa held for the purpose of
considering plans for watching and preventing
»uch hydraulic mining as might be commenced
during the winter.
PROGRESS OF DEVELOPMENT.
morning here which will Probably result In the
purchase by a northern capitalist of the Colos
seum mines Nos. 1 and 2^ owned by Mrs. C.
A. Bldwell of this city. The mines are located
In the Clark mining district, twenty-eight
miles from Manvel. This corning the part es
Interested signed an option wherein Mrs Bid
well agrees to sell the mines to Frank Lang
ford for $24,000. The purchaser enters into
po-sessUm of the property immediately and
beginning November I will hare a force of men
at work developing the property in order to
test its value. He !» to pay Mrs. Bldwell the
sum of «200 a month until the option expires
and the formal purchase will be made. Lnder
the "raw of the option the prospective pur
chaser Is not to remove metals or ores from
th» property except In small quantities for the
Purpose of making tests. If Langford decides
to conclude the purchase he will pay to Mrs.
Bidwell by November 1. 1904, the sum of $5000.
to be followed by a second payment of a like
amouVt on May 1. 1905. which, with the total
o™monthly payments paid to date, will amount
?o $14 000. after which the balance of the pur
chase "price of $24,000 will be paid.
: Twenty-seven years ago Mrs. Loring ar
rived in San Francisco, bringing with her
a little girl, May, who waa recognized, it
Is claimed, by many as her adopted
daughter. When the Issue comes before
the. court it will be denied that there was
ever a legal adoption | so far as the late
Mrs. Attenborough was concerned. The
estate left by Mrs. Loring is valued at
$20,000. •
Further complications in the many
sided contest arise from the declaration
of Mrs. Reeder to the effect that the late
Mrs. Loring was never married and had
never had a child. . -
On the top of these proceedings Dr.
Martin Regensburger filed a petition to be
appointed executor under the will in dis
pute, and now comes Mrs. Johanna Reed,
er, sister of the late Mrs. Loring, who op
poses the will on the ground that it was
canceled by Mrs. Loring.
About three weeks ago Mrs. Attenbor
ough died in this city, and her husband
applied for letters of administration,
whereupon the Public Administrator fol
lowed with an application for special let
ters. The proceedings -in each instance
await a hearing by the court-
• Subsequently the Public Administrator
applied for letters of administration, but
letters were issued to Mrs. Attenborough,
a purported adopted daughter of the de
ceased.
Mrs. Lorlng's death was somewhat tragi
ic, her body having -been found at her res
idence on Sacramento street, near Web
ster, in June last in a badly decomposed
state. There "was every indication that
she died suddenly and that her death took
place fully a month prior to the discovery
of her remains.
Proceedings were _ begun in th© probate
court yesterday by Jellett & Meyerstein,
attorneys for Mrs. Johanna Reeder of.
New York City, opposing the admittance
to probate of the purported will of the late
Mrs. E. K. Loring on the ground, that It
was canceled by her on October 11, 1895.
Relative Claims the Late
Mrs. Loring Canceled
Testament.
Mr. Frlede is largely interested in enter
prises in Manchuria and has made many
trips to the Far East during the last sev
en years, but always by way of the Suez.
This time he decided to come by way of
San Francisco and on his journey he is
accompanied by the members of his fam
ily.
Five years ago Russia entered Manchuria
with a view of developing the country and she
has accomplished in five years what no other
country has ever done. She • undertook the
building of a railroad without regard to its
cost r.nd .successfully accomplished the work
and then proceeded to open the country for
commerce. E\'ery possible encouragement was
offered to foreigners, and especially Americans,
in Manchuria. Russia bought American rails
and locomotives with which to build the Man
churian road, and to-day she does not charge
the American or any other foreigner a cent more
to haul their goods over this road than she
dt*« the freight of her own subject*. Five
years ago the whole world . knew, exactly what
Russia proposed to do In the way of developing
Manchuria and civilizing her subjects, yet now,
after she h/is performed this difficult work at
an expenditure of millions of dollars, we. the
American people,' with whom the empire has
always been on the most friendly terms, join
with Japan, a country that has never shown
us the slightest encouragement in a commercial
way. In a demand that Russia get out of Man
churia. It is. according to my way of think
ing, an unfair stand, and certainly un-Ameri
can.
Mr. Frlede is strongly opposed to the
stand taken by the United States in the
present dMHcultles in the Orient. He
finds no reason why we should have
taken sides with Japan. Discussing this
subject, he said: u •
WOULD FAVOR RUSSIA.
finally wonder why they could not get along.
In short, they will not agree to settle down in
their new country like the young men cent out
from Germany and Belgium. It is seldom that
an American will take his family to the Far
East w-ith him. and when he arrives there he
generaJly remarks to his new acquaintances
that he lias simply come over for a trip. By
our indifference the United States is losing a
great deal in a commercial way, a fact which
it will appreciate in years to come.
When . Hopkins disappeared he left a
letter bidding good-by to his friends, say
ing he was goiug away in baste and
would never return. t
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 30.— The mystery sur
rounding the dlsappearaijeijt of Fletcher
S. Hopkins, formerly pron/int in Chris
tian Endeavor circles in »-iBj city, was
partly cleared to-day by the finding of
his body this afternoon floating in shal
low water at the foot of the Government
jetty at the mouth of San Diego Bay.
The remains were brought to this city
and turned over to the Coroner. The
body was clothed in an overcoat and the
legs were bound together above the knees.
The face and hands' were almost devoid
of flesh and identification was made by
articles in the pockets and pictures in- a
watch case.
Mystery Smrounding Disappearance
of Fletcher S. Hopkins Is Partly
Cleared Away.
BODY OF MISSIITG MAN
FOUND IN $AN DIEGO BAY
Other of Professor Mommsen's works
are "The Oscan and Other Italian Dia
lects" (1845); "Roman Constitutional Law"
(1871), and an edition of "Justinian's
Pandects" (1866-70). In 1895 he" resigned
his position as perpetual secretary of the
Berlin Academy and retired to his home
at Charlottenberg. ¦
On the occasion of his seventieth births
day, November, 1SS7, a congratulatory ad
dress signed by sixty-two "Dons" .was
sent to him by members of the University
of Oxford.
In 1878 theKlng of Italy conferred upon
him the Grand Cross of the Order of S.
S. Maurice and Lazarus. In 1SS0 he lost
his library by fire and a number of his
English admirers presented him with a
selection of classical and historical works
in English to compensate him for - his
loss, a gift which he most highly appre
ciated. \\:>- - : ¦¦
Theodore Momnuen, kpown to the civ
ilized world for the last half century as
an eminent jurist and historian, was born
at Gardiner In Schleswigr, November 30,
1817, making: him within four weeks of
being 86 years of age. He- is the son of
a pastor, who being himself a man of
letters, naturally led his boy from an
early ape along the same paths. With a
thorough foundation in the preliminary
studies young Mommsen entered the Uni
versity of Kiel, where he studied some
years; the major part of his time, how
ever, both at the university and at home,
was given to reading historical works
especially.
From 1844 to 1847, after leaving the uni
versity, he traveled in France and Italy
and examined old Roman inscriptions
for the Berlin Academy. On his return he
was a regular contributor to the columns
of the Schleswlg-Holstein Journal, of
which he became conductor, and later
was made professor of law at Lelpsle.
From this position he was dismissed on
account of the part he took in political
affairs, but was eoon after (1S52) -offered
the place of titular professor of law at
Zurich, where he remained for two years,
going from there to Breslau In 1854,. and in
IS58 to the University of Berlin, where he
remained thirteen years. In 1875, his for
mer political offenses - being apparently
forgotten, he was appointed professor of
jurisprudence at Lelpslc.
In 1SS2 he antagonized Prince Bismarck
and in June of that year was tried at
Berlin for having slandered the ' "Iron
Chancellor" in a public speech. He was
acquitted by that court, but the prosecu
tion took an appeal, and on April 7, 1883,
before the Imperial High Court of Ap
peals at Leipslc, Professor Mommsen
was finally acquitted of the charge.
Mommsen's fame as a jurist is fully
equaled by his standing as a historian.
He has written many learned works, in
cluding a magnificent one on Latin In
scriptions (1S46), which was published by
the Prussian Academy of Sciences, and
another of equally rare merit and re
search on Roman coins (1850): He is best
known in English-speaking- countries,
however, by his "Earliest Inhabitants of
Italy," a translation of which by Robert
son appeared in London in 1858, and by
his "History of Rome," translated by W.
P. Dickson and published in London in
1862-63. '
unconscious. His left side Is
paralyzed and there is little hope of his
recovery.
¦ y-!py ERLJN,' Oct. SO. — Professor
,_JJ Mommsen, the historian, who
)\ was born In lS17,*has suffered a
• ¦^•^ severe apoplectic shock. He Is
Apoplexy Causes Fatal
Illness of a Noted
Writer.
; The few young Americans who have gone to
the Far East have not proved the success that
was extx>cted of them, simply Wcause they
warnted to get home again. As soon es they
arrived on the other fide they thought it was
the proi>er thing to hire a servant, who would
carry them to their baths and rub them down
Ej:d serv them with their meals for a few
c*nt« a day. Then they acquire the habit of
sleeping late and after luncb taking a nap and
then when awakening they yawned and talked
about seeing some one on the . morrow about
busin«*«E. Naturally their services abroad ended
in failure <3etr»ite the fact that they are sur
rrxmdfd with grand opportunities, and th«»y
ACQUTBE BAD HABITS.
in a «--mall room of an apartment house with
out t^e convenience even of a bathroom. He
will rise at C In the morning, hurriedly swallow
a breakfast and then ride sometimes several
miles to his office, there to grind away day
•after day with little assurance of betterment.
On the other hand he can go to Manchuria, or
ior that matter, other parts of- -the Orient, se-'
cure twice or three times the salary he is get
ting for his labor In rhls country, have his own
house, be comparatively independent and," If
!*¦ Is so inclined, which I am *orry to say is
wldom the case. MiMd up for himself a future
an3 fortune that he could never expect to gain
in .this country. He has plenty O f free air and
far mere comforts there, and yet he declines
to go to Manchuria because it is too far away.
This idta that the Orient is so far away from
America seems to have FDread like a fever
throughout the country and wrought a wrong
i repression among the young man cf the United
States. 'Ask one of them if he wants to better
his condition in life by going to Manchuria a*
the representative of some enterprise, he will
"hesitate and when for an answer he
will oecline on the ground that he will be
I*c3ftted. He win work :rom 8 o'clock in the
morning to 6. o'clock in the afternoon in a
stuffy and artificially lighted office for a
meager pittance, which permits him to live only
LECTUEE TO YOUNG MEN.
Tfce excuse tnut we are too far away from
China 1e a ridiculous one. We are nearer than
any other manufacturing country and can bel
ter compete for the great trade that awaits us
tfcere. We were the flrrt to pupply that coun
try with machinery, with which its develop
rmfBt was inaugurated, and there is no good
reason why we should not have contlnueu to
furrith ilanchuria with ail kinds of articles
lor consumption. The commercial advantages
that exltl inert wer* readily appreciated by
other countries, who are now well represented
in Manchuria, The Americans are slow in
their enterprise. Take, for Instance, the fruit
jjacitert of your own State. They could do a
wonderful business In Manchuria if they would
only unite in a echerae similar to the one they
have carried out in the Eastern States. There
they have established warehouses, which the*
keep we!} supplied to meet the demands oi
trade.- The same scheme could be profitably
effected in the Far East. Only a few brands
*>t ¦¦ their g-oods DOW reach there because they
have shown no Interest In the trade. A. little
enterprise on their part would bring to them a
business that would fteadily increase and re
main within thfir control for years to come.
As a result it was soon discovered that
American exporters were really working un
willingly against, their own interests. Whea
orders came to them from Manchuria or other
purl* cf China tf.ey found that they could not
til them. t>o they had to go to Germany, Eng
land. -France and to lielgium. What is the
consequence? You so to Manchuria now and
you llnd the country filled with the products
ct the manufacturers of those countries.
AGAIKST OWN INTERESTS.
when businees was not bo good in the United
JSUtefc, our so-called exporters were willing to
«eird their ffoois to the Orient at almost any
t^gure and in any eize lots, but when trade
.be re began to pick up the cry went out that we
w^re too busy at home to , give attention to
Lu»Jlitfa& 'to lar &.W&V
<Jreat commercial opportunities are of
fered American manufacturers in Man
churia, but, according to the statements
of .Mi'i Sergey Friede. head of one of New
York's leading exporting houses, who is
'now in this city en route to the Orient,
i he .Americans have shown no apprecia
tion of the fact. Mr. Friede passed
ih'rough San Francisco about seven years
aco on his way home from. Manchuria
and he then predicted that ¦within a very
few years that portion of China would
have undergone a wonderful change. He
had Just completed a contract for fur
nishing material, such as locomotives, ag
ricultural implements and various kinds
of machinery, to the Russians, who were
about to undertake the development of
Manchuria. In discussing- that visit and
the developments which have since been
made, Mr. Friede said yesterday
If I remember correctly, I predicted that the
Atr.crica.hs would have a splendid chance to de
velop trade In Manchurxa and tried to give the
people of your city seme good advice upon the
tubjeQt, fcut 1 return seven years later to find
them .eteniingly Indifferent to the magnificent
opportunities that have so long been held open
to them, lint the same indifference apparently
ixifrts all over «he country. A lew years act).
M. Sergey Frtede Says American En
terprise Is Discouraged by Bidicu-
Icus Ideas of New
Country.
Deplores the Failure of Our
Manufacturers to Grasp
Eastern Situation.
An autopsy performed at th© Morgue
last night by Dr. D. Baclgalupl developed
the fact that death ensued as the result
of degeneration of the heart, liver and
kidneys. As a precautionary measure the
stomach was sent to the City Chemist for
analysis.
According to the neighbors, Mrs. Jor
dan received some money from the United
Railroads for her injuries and it was
ppent for a large quantity of liquor. Mrs.
D. M. Wiggins, who lives in the next
apartments to those occupied by the Jor
dans, states that she never heard any
quarreling or disturbance between hus
band and wife. Jordan was released from
jail last night, but Kate Jordan and the
child were held pending arrangements
with some society for the future care of
the baby. Detectives Ryan and Taylor,
who were detailed on the case, are of the
opinion that the woman died from natur
al causes. ,
Her husband administered a seidlitz
powder to relieve her and yesterday
morning gave her some baking soda. The
woman grew rapidly worse and
Dr. Hickey was summoned, but
before his arrival death had tak
en place. The physician noticed
that the woman's lip was considerably
swollen, as If from a blow, and notified
the Coroner. The body was removed to
the Morgue and upon the statement of the
landlady that Kate Jordan, the sister-in
law, who was nursing a pair of discolored
optics, had told her that Jordan had beat
his wife, the police took him Into cus
tody. Kate Jordan and the four weeks'
old child were also taken to the City
Prison.
Deceased resided with her husband,
John Jordan, a stableman employed by
John Daughney of 814 Folsom street, and
her sister-in-law at 750 Harrison street in
a rooming-house conducted by Mrs. R.
W. Smith. On October 3 Mrs. Jordan
was thrown from u car at Fourth and
Harrison streets and sustained a. lacerat
ed wound on the forehead.' Dr. Hickey was
called to attend her and on the following
day she gave birth to a child. Mother and
child were In good health until Thurs
day night, when the deceased complained
of nausea.
Several suspicious circumstances sur
rounding the death yesterday morning of
Mrs. Mary Jordan of 750 Harrison street
and the fact that the attending physician,
Dr. Hickey of 271 Fourth street, refused
to sign the death certificate, caused the
detectives and Coroner to Investigate her
death.
KEEn CONTESTS
OVER A WILL
It was ascertained that .about three
weeks ago the dead man became engaged
in an altercation with Mrs. M. Grove and
hit her on the head with a chair. The in
jured woman was removed to the French
Hospital for ' treatment and the police
sought her assailant, - but could not *nd
him.
Deceased no doubt believed that he had
committed murder, and, fearing -arrest
and prosecution for his crime, • crawled
into the dark, dismal cellar, where he
ended his life. J. T. Cognet, who claims
to have been the attorney for the dead
man and Mrs. Grove, called at the Morgue
last evening and intimated that there was
something wrong in connection with the
death, but refused to .state upon what
he based his suspicions.
He eaid that Ventajou came to this city
from Oakland two months* ago and fur
nished the house at 1014 Powell street as a
lodging-house, where he took up his resi
dence with, the woman. Detective Wren
made a thorough investigation, but could
find no evidence of a murder having been
committed. : The body was taken to a
local undertaking parlor.
Believing that he had caused the death
of Mrs. M.' Grove, the woman .with whom
he had been living, by a bjow with a
chair and haunted by the fear of Impend
ing arrest, Germain Ventajou, a French
laundryman, betook himself to the cellar
of his house at 1014 Powell street about
three weeks ago and cut his throat from
ear to ear. The body was discovered yes
terday afternoon in an advanced state of
decomposition by G. E. Snook, a plumber,
at 601 Sacramento street, who had gone
to the house with a view of ascertaining
if a sewer pipe was leaking in the base
ment. ' ' ' •'
Snook entered the cellar and was al
most overpowered by a horrible stench.
Lying on ttie ground in a corner he came
upon the body of Ventajou. The head
was almost severed from the trunk and a
bloody razor lying a foot from the corpse
bore silent testimony •, to the cause of
death. The Coroner's office and Police De
partment were notified and Deputy Cor
oner Brown and Detective Ed Wren made
an investigation.
SOUTHERN MUTES SOLD.
The terms of a mining deal in Southern
California as given by the San Bernar
dino Times-Index are as follows^
. Another biff mining deal went through this
It will be noted that, although the output of
pig iron from Canadian ore has fallen off, the
whole iron smelting Industry shows marked
growth .notwithstanding. Taking the values
of the coal and coke produced during 1002. to
gether with those in the allied Iron smelting
industry, an increase of nearly $4,500,000 Is
exhibited.- showing a growth In these, ihe most
commercially important Industries of the coun
try. moM than offsetting the diminution of th«
$3,500,000 In the necessarily fluctuating product
of the placer gold washings of the- Yukon ter
ritory. The /per capita value of the total min
eral products for 1002 was $11 87. as compared
with $2 23 in 1836. ¦ the first year for which
figures are available.
TREATY PROVISIONS. -
Some inquiry has been made by letter
concerning the mining clause in the re
cently negotiated treaty between the
United States and China. The under
standing is that the United States, under
the most favored nation clause, will be
entitled to the same privileges in China
as were accorded to Great Britain. Last
year Great Britain and China signed a
treaty in which was the following rela
tive to mining: .- ' . "
The Chtpese Government, recognizing that it
is advantageous for the country to develop its
mineral resources, and that It Is desirable to
attract foreign as well as Chinese capital to
embark in mining enterprises, agree' within
one year from the Bijrnlnsr of this treaty to
initiate and conclude the revision of the exist
ing: mining regulations. China will, with all ex
pedition ¦ and earnestness, go Into the whole
question of mining rules, and. selecting from
the rules of Great Britain." India and other
countries regulations which seem applicable to
the condition of China, she will) recast her
present mining rules in such a way as, while
promoting the Interests of Chinese subjects and
not injuring in any way the sovereign rights
of China, shall offer no impediment to the at
traction of foreign capital or place foreign
capitalists - at a greater disadvantage flan
they would be under generally accepted foreign
regulations. Any mining concession granted
after the publication of these new rules shall
be subject to their provisions. .
The. general understanding of this Is
that China is ready and egrees to extend
mining privileges to Great Britain such
as are accorded in Australia and Mexico.
Rules and regulations to enable British
subjects to mine in China are under con
sideration! Very little exact knowledge'
is had of the mineral resources of the
Flowery Kingdom. There are lmportnat
coal fields in Shansi and Hunan; also
copper, lead and tin ores in other locali
ties: gas and oil wells have been discov
ered; there are silver mines in Mongolia,
and gold diggings in the country near the
Amobr River.
The miners' bureau of the Canadian
Geological Survey reports the output ! of
Canadian mines for the year 1902. The
metallic substances, gold, copper, iron
ore," lead, nickel," silver, zinc, etc, reached
a total value of $35,653,768. The more val
uable products were gold, to the amount
of $20,741,245, of which all but $6,241,245
came from the Yukon country. The cop
per value was $4,553,000; nickel, $5,000,000;
silver, $2,2SO,000. The non-metallic sub
stances total for the year $21,245,091. The
coal output was $15,533,000 of this, or
more than the value of the Yukon gold.
A part of the report. is as follows:
Quicksilver In Oregon supplies the basis
of some comment in the Engineering and
Mining Journal. Some statements are*
made in the journal mentioned that will
Interest the miners of Northern Califor
nia. For instance, it Is asserted that
there is a zone in California and Oregon
that is 600 miles long in which the forma
tion is favorable to the ' discovery of
quicksilver. The mineral has been found
as far south as Texas and as far north as
Oregon.
About thirty-five years ago. It is assert,
ed, cinnabar was found near the head of
the Little Applegate River, on the north
west slope of Slskiyou peak, in the south
ern part of Jackson County, Oregon. A
furnace was constructed and a man
named Mullen tried in a crude way to re
duce the. ores. The escape of mercurial
fumes salivated his employes, . and he,
having very little money, was compelled
to abandon the experiment. Cinnabar has
also been met with in the region of Evan3
Creek, a tributary to ' the Rogue River,
about twenty miles northeast from Gold
Hill, on the Oregon and California Rail
read.
The authority Is W. R. Dennis. Accord
ing to the statements quicksilver la found
on Calapooia Creek, Douglas County,
eight miles east of the, town of' Oakland,
where two mines were opened some years
ago. There ! are • outcroppings of cinnabar
on a branch of Elkhead . Creek, where
there is a. mine which is credited with
having produced about $30,000 worth of
quicksilver. Four miles east of the Elk
head mine a deposit has been located In
what is styled in the article the "Black
Butte quicksilver district."
All the cinnabar deposits that have been
mentioned are on the westerly slope of
the Cascade range of mountains. No cin
nabar has been found in the Coast Range
in Oregon. This range has not been" pros
pected for the mineral. The range in Ore
gon is clad with timber and prospectfng Is
uninviting. Two companies have posses
sion of the Black Butte quicksilver dis
trict, which is described as being about
four miles long and two miles wide. One
company, has headquarters in Portland,
Or., and the other Is a "Washington State
corporation.
New York Exporter
Talks of Opportuni
ties for Trade.
Autopsy Shows Mrs. Mary
. Jordan Died ' From
Natural Causes.
Progress of California's Min
ing Properties Is Re-
Believing He Had Committed
Murder, He Outs His
'Throat. rSl
Several Suspicious Cir
cumstances Lead to
Inquiry.
Body of Germain Venta
1 jou Discovered in
Cellar. ¦>'-
of Cinnabar.
Oregon Claims to Pos
sess Several Deposits
POSSIBILITIES
OF COMMERCE
IN MANCHURIA
WOMAN'S DEATH
IS INVESTIGATED
FEAR OF ARREST
CAUSES SUICIDE
MAKES SHOWING
OF QUICKSILVER
HISTORIAN
MOMMSEN
IS DYING
THE SAN FKANCISCO XCALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1903.
EMINENT HISTORIAN WHO
IS DYING AT HIS HOME IN
BERLIN.
2
A Guaranteed Cure for 'Piles. " r .
Itching., Blind.". Bieedlng v ofl Protruding Piles.'
Tour; druggist - will refund .- money -,.'' if •¦ Pazo
Ointment fails to cur* you Is 9 to ii days. 5Qc*
DE. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
ST&RVEB OUT.
Many a garrison has been forced to
give cp the fight and hang out the white*
Sag of surrender, when lack of food has
weakened the men past all power to
•ontinne the struggle.
y?\ Many a man is
'y^/\ similarly starved
f^p- *\ out of business.
j^ \ His digestion is
/ <\ impaired. His
|i 6 V% food does not
\ nourish him, and
\ y*^ for lack of
rtrength to carry on \
the struggle he turns \a V*P pu
his- store orer to an- Wj >&-v.
Dr. Pierce's Golden fV/V L^l
Medical Discovery VffiiAvirtk
cures diseases of the VI „ v^r \
stomach and other or- j >?
gans of digestion and yw=xl
nutrition. It restores [" 7
strength to weak, nerv- L L>
ous, run-down men and &^£/^f
wonaen. s&&*slfy
"About tea vears ago I fJw^^r
bejran to be afilicted with / fa I <
stomach trouble, also diar- I /A ' 1
rhea." writes Mr. Ws. J Y\ 1
Walters, of Antrim, Mo. 1/4 I I
° In warm weather it jrrew- >*^ \s» \
worse, until it would throw I I V
me into a cramping chill. 1 I x
Was troubled so often that | I <
I sometimes thought my I / •)
cod had come. Tried many J I .«
remedies, but . thev gave JL_ I (
oa'y tcmpotirr rcll-f. In '
November, ib&. thoug-ht I . SSSSw k
would try Doctor Pierce'* WjfJTflT
' Cold en Medical Discoverv.
?if Ot if tUe * * nd »«* "five in succession, then
thought I would wait for a time and take the
o=e left, soon found I had symptoms of the
trouble coming back, so took the sixth bottle
II ith #*? me - X •»*** the best of
health this summer, and the credit all belonrs
to your 'Golden Medical Discovery. 1 I can't
express my many thanks to Dr. Pierce for his
remedy, for it did so much for me. Words can-
iiot rxpress how severely I suffered, ,; . ¦
o ,w«J!f y dottt V£<L»bove statement let them
taf^crtaT" "^ t*te great pleasure ia
h Dr.Pierce'e Pleasant Pellets cleanse the
bowels and stimulate the sluggish liver.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
--¦ . ¦ t - - • -r ¦¦ ¦ ¦- ->,--¦'
BftEWSTIg r S
Richard Greaves
ADVERTISEMENTS. " J '__ '..':..:...-.'.
'Mp*Jff Satisfaction is a good
) \£JjxJo%il thing, but it ought to
Right here we want to explain that piano
satisfaction is our specialty.
Many, people seem imbued with the idea
that because the Wiley B. Allen Co. has such
magnificent quarters right in the heart of the
city, at 931-933 Market street, they carry only
high-priced pianos. But such is not the case,
for we are offering and selling right along a
I line of brand new upright pianos for only
$135.00. We challenge any one to find a
better piano for this sum of money in San
Francisco.
»
Then we always have on hand what we
term "Specials." How would you like a fine,
large, concert Grand piano ? We have one— a
Steinway— price $485.00. We took this
piano up from a leading conservatory, who
have introduced in its stead the Everett.
How would you like a fine new Chicker-
irig— Walnut— Upright ? We happen to have
one, $400.00. We took it from a musical
directress, who bought it a few days before
we received it in part payment for an Everett ;
and speaking of the Everett, let us assure you
it is the ideal piano of the century. It is, of
course, high-priced, but mighty good.
We want you to inspect our magnificent
.line of pianos. We carry all grades. Prices
from the lowest to the highest.
We keep open this evening.
931-933 Market Street San Francisco.
' Other stores — Oakland, San Jose and Fresno.
APYiaTI3' F ' fr TT8.
"UP AGIN" A GOOD THING
A man is when he commences to patron-
ize the U. S. Laundry. "The best laun-
dry I ever struck," is what those who
indulge in a little slang. would say. But
entre nous if vou want your linen aa
faultless as when you first bought it, in
color and finish, we will guarantee to do
it to your satisfaction every time. Care-
ful handling and artistic work are among
our up-to-date methods;
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
ornca 1004 mabtcet steeet,
Near FoweU.
For Stomach Disorders
Gout and Dvsoepsla
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline -Water.
A. VIQjMXES CO., San'Prancisco.'
Always. Remember . the Full /feme
W jixntivo §4i*oni© {f^T^niTta
Cores a Cold in One Day, Crip in 2 DaysNEW YORK. Oct. 30. — Edward H. Carpenter,
who wan shot In the Rossmore Hotel, died in
the New York hospital this afternoon. Thomas
I.enahan. who Is under arrest charged with
having done the shooting, has been held with
out ball for examination to-morrow.
PASADENA. Oct. 30. — W. C. Burns,
an Eastern capitalist, was about to enter
his home early this evening when a foot
pad presented a revolver at his head and
ordered him to "dig up." Instead of
obeying the command. Burns jumped at
the highwayman to grapple with him.
and as he did so the thug shot at him
and then ran away. The powder from
the revolver burned Burns' clothing, but
he was not injured. The highwayman
made his escape.
Footpad Shoots at Intended Victim.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 30.— Citizens of San
Diego are planning to secure for the use
of the city an opinion by Dilllon and
Hubbard, bond attorneys, on the bonds
voted .some time since by the people.
City Attorney Doollttle holds that such
an opinion cannot be procured and paid
for by the city, though it is understood
that the opinion would practically sell
the bonds, amounting to something like
$3S0,O00. Almost the whole of the
amount needed for the fee has been se
cured.
Citizens Subscribe Necessary Fee.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 30.— The
first forest fire of- the season In the
eastern part . of the San Bernardino
Mountain -range is now raging and
threatens to cause serious damage. The
flre started about two miles to the north
of Fredalba, on the top of the range. A
force of about seventy-five men was
rushed to the scene and they threw up
many firebreaks. Advices by telephone
to-night state that the flre was under
control in a space of about ten acres
square and that it had not reached the
timber.
, Forest Fire in San Bernardino.
The time of the funeral has not yet been
set, but it will probably be held on Sun
day. Mra. Knox-Goodrlch was a member
of the First Unitarian Church of this
city. Rev. Bradford Leavitt of the First
Unitarian Church of San Francisco will
preach the funeral sermon.
A daughter, Mrs. Virginia Knox-Mad
dox, the wife of Hon. C. H. Maddox of
San Francisco,' survives the deceased.
Mrs. Knox-Goodrich was the pioneer
woman of the State In the movement for
equal suffrage and woman's rights. At
her beautiful home on First street, near
Julian, she has entertained all the prom
inent women in the movement, among the
number being Elizabeth Cady Stanton.
Mary A. Llvermore and Susan B. An
thony.
Mrs. Knox married Levl Goodrich, a
prominent architect, in this city In 1S70.
Goodrich died In 1S86 at San Diego while
on a visit to that city.
An estate ot more than $500,000 is left by
Mrs. Knox-Goodrich. It consists of the
Knox block, at the corner of First and
Santa Clara streets, two blocks on South
First street, considerable residence prop
erty and a large block of stock In the
Bank of San Jose, of which the deceased
was a director. Mra. Knox-Goodrich was
the sole owner of the Goodrich quarry.
where the stone used In the construction
of the buildings at Stanford University Is
obtained.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 30.— Mrs. Sarah Louise
Knox-Goodrlch, one of the most prom
inent and wealthy women of this' city and
known throughout the State as a leader In
the equal suffrage movement, died sud
denly this morning' at her home In this
city. She had been ill for some time, but
her death was not expected. Death wa3
due to heart failure.
Mrs. Knox-Goodrlch was a native of
Culpepper County, Virginia, and 77 years
of age. Her maiden name was Sarah
Louise Browning. She married Dr. Wil
liam James Knox in St. Charles County,
Missouri. With her husband she came to
California in 1S52 and settled in Nevada
City. Dr. Knox built the South Yuba
ditch there and sold water to the miners,
and made a fortune from the ven
ture. In 1861 they removed to San Fran
cisco, where they remained until 1864,
when they came to San Jose. Dr. Knox,
with E. Ellard Beans, established the
Bank of San Jose, and Knox was the first
president of the bank. In 1867 Knox was
elected State Senator from this county,
and a few months after died while on a
visit to San Francisco. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Deceased Leave 3 • an Estate
Wor :h More Than a Half-
Million Dollars.
Mrs. Sarah Louise Knox-
Goodrich Dies From
Heart Disease
SAN JOSE LOSES
AN OLD RESIDENT
The Carpet Question.
See what Pattosien says on, the Caroet
Siuestion— page 9. ¦¦" __ ' '.•.-.-
ST. JOSEPH. .Mo., Oct.' 30.— Joseph
Hogsland. millionaire philanthropist, is
dead in this city, aged about SO years.
Millionaire Philanthropist Dead.
ATLANTA, Ga,, Oct. 30.— Millard Lee
was hanged here to-day for the murder of
Miss Lila May Suttles on May 20, 1902. He
was a rejected suitor and killed Miss
Suttles just after the minister had pro
nounced the benediction at BenhllL near
Atlanta. Lee was granted six respites.
Hanged After Six Respites.
HONOLULU, Oct. 30.— The United
States tug Iroquois has Just left for Mid
way Island with stores on board for tnn
cable station there, to replace those lost
on the schooner Julia E. Whalen, whJch
struck on a reef north of the island about
a week ago, becoming a total wreck,) her
cargo and mails being lost. Thelroquofa
will bring back the crew of the Whalen
on her return trip.
Iroquois Leaves for Midway.
To the police Editor Kureghian of
Young Armenia stated that Krikorian is
•the head of the London central commit
tee and it was he who ordered Kureg
hian's murder and attempted personally
to assassinate him several months ago
when he was editing a paper In London.
LONDON, Oct. 30.— At the headquarters
of the Armenian revolutionists at Peck
ham, a suburb of this city, it is believed
that Vahlan Krikorian, who was arrested
at Boston yesterday on the arrival of the
steamer Ivernia, charged with having
been Implicated In the conspiracy which
resulted In the assassination of Sagouni.
Is probably identical with < the Armenian
of that name who, with two others, Ivor
nla Shamian and Krikorian, seceded three
months ago and set up, a rival society at
Clapham, another suburb of London,
where the Alfarista assembled. These
three men are said to ha.ve disappeaied
in August and some thought r they *had
gone to Cyprus. Krikorian, who : was for
merly an Armenian Protestant preacher,
Is reported to have been hostile to Sagouni
since the split of the society in 1902.
BOSTON, Oct. 3O.-Standing before a
United States Commissioner to-day, Vah
tan Krikorian, the Armenian poet, jour
nalist and orator, who was arrested yes
terday on. his arrival from London, where
during his voyage to this country Sagotel
Sagouni had been murdered, demanded to
know on what charge he was held. On
being told that he was charged with be
ing a fugitive from justice because of
having committed "political murder,"
Krikorian demanded proof. This the
Commissioner was unable to give at this
time, and asked Krikorian to plead. Kri
korian pleaded "not guilty." Pending the
arrival of direct charges Krikorian was
sent back to the jail.
Charged With Political
Murder, Krikorian
Demands Proof.
A man giving the name of John Duffy
was arrested at Pueblo to-night in com
pliance with a telegram from Secret
Agent Rheil of the Santa Fe Company,
now at the wreck. A subsequent request
was made for the arrest of all suspicious
characters for investigation and this is
being carried out.
TOPEKA. Kans.. Oct. 20.— General Man
ager Mudge in discussing the wreck of
the Santa Fe train In Colorado, said:
"I have no information at hand which
enlightens me in the least as to the mo
tive of the parties who wrecked the train
by drawing the spikes and joints for a
distance of three rail lengths at the ap
proach of the bridge. As far as our
knowledge gees, there was no attempt
at robbery following the ditching of the
train and It would seem that the act
was purely malicious. I will leave for
Colorado to-morrow morning and will go
Into the matter thoroughly."
AN ABBEST IS MADE.
The express car in which, according to
report, the money was being transported
was left In Colorado Springs last night
for a later train.
An army order announces that Chap
lain David L. Fleming will join the Sec
ond Cavalry at San Francisco January 1
and accompany that regiment to the
Philippines.
the spikes had been pulled from three
rails. The bridge was inspected last week
and was found to be in good condition and
the track of E5-pound eteel rails was re
laid about a year ago.
But for the accident of a hot box on
the express car a large amount of money
would have been In the safe on the
wrecked train, and this, it is believed, was
the plunder the desperadoes hoped to se
cure. Valises were rifled by the robbers
during the excitement following the
wreck.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced postofflce
name changed: Washington— Verndale
Lewis County, to Vern, Elixious Cole
man, postmaster.
Of Interest to the Pacific Coast.
RANCHER FIGHTS
LARGE WILDCAT
Kills the Animal After
Desperate Struggle
in the Dark.
BAPTIST CONVENTION
RESUMES ITS LABORS
Committee , on Christian Education
Presents an Interesting Statis
tical Report. :";< f .y
FRESNO. Oct. 30.— The committee on
fraternal insurance "reported to the State
Baptist convention of California and Ne
vada this morning that arrangements
had been made by which members of the
church could secure insurance in an old
line Insurance company of good standing
without paying the agent's commission,
which could be used as a benefit fund for
aged ministers and widows and orphans
of members of the church.
The committee on Christian education,
of which John H. Stephens Is chairman,
presented its report. Among other mat
ters of Interest the report shows, an en
rollment of 47,443 students in the Baptist
schools of the country, making an In
crease of nearly. 5000 students during the
year. The value of the property of the
Baptist schools is shown by the report of
the committee j to be $48,896,113, nearly
$3,000,000 more than was owned by the
Baptists a year ago.
Following this report came the princi
pal address of the day by Dr. T. G. Bron-
Bon, president of the California College.
The other features of the morning ses
sion were addresses by Rev. Thomas
Baldwin, D. D., on "The Education of the
Young a Christian Duty"; '!The Duty of
the Church to the Young," by Rev. L. J.
Sawyer, and "The Duty of the Young
People to the Church." by Robert Whit
taker. The morning's session concluded
with prayer for a larger vision and
deeper life for all the workers, led by
Thomas P.' Boyd.
The afternoon's session of the conven
tion was given over largely to missionary
addresses by Miss Mary G. Burdette and
by the missionaries who are attending the
convention. -
Finds a Bottle of Poisoned Whisky.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 30.— Henry Alford.
who lives In the El Cajon Valley, found
a bottle of .whisky in his dooryard. It
looked good, but providence warned him
not, to taste it till he Investigated. He
brought the liauor to town and had It
analyzed. It proved to be 10 per cent
concentrated lye. Alford Knows of no one
who would wish to encompass his. death,
but he believes the placing of the doctored
liquor in his yard was with deliberate
designs on his life..
UKIAH. Oct. 30.— J. C. Woodman of
Inglenook had an exciting fight with a
large wildcat Wednesday evening. Some
thing had been playing havoc with his
henroost, and, supposing it was some
wild animal. Woodman stood guard with
a shotgun. His chickens were roosting in
the trees and soon he heard a squawk
that warned him that he was one pullet
poorer. Charging in the direction of the
noise Woodman saw two large eyes in
the darkness. Raising his gun he fired.
There was a rush and before he realized
what had happened a wildcat was upon
him. The beast knocked him down and a
desperate struggle ensued. Woodman
finally succeeded in pressing the muzzle
of the gun against the animal's side and
discharged the second barrel. The shot
killed the wildcat. An examination
showed that the first shot had struck the
animal in the eyes, blinding it. The wild
cat was one of the, largest ever killed In
this county, measuring 4 feet 6 inches
from tip Ko^ tip. Woodman took the car
cass to town, where the skin will be
stuffed and" presented to the natural his
tory department of the Grammar School.
Blow on Head May Cause Death.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 30.— John
Forsythe, a well-known miner, was prob
ably fatally , injured early this morning
during a fight in a saloon on Third street.
Forsythe was drunk and attacked the
proprietor "of the saloon, Peter Beam, who
picked up a club and struck, him on the
head. Forsythe lost consciousness soon
afterward and he' has remained in that
condition ever since. His condition Is
considered to be critical.
Ex-Congressman Is Badly Injured.
SAN: DIEGO, Oct. 30.— Hon. B. T. Fred
erick, a well known' resident of Golden
Hill and former member of Congress
from Iowa, sustained severe injuries this
morning by falling from the top of his
house. : He was painting the roof when
the ladder slipped and he fell twenty
feet, . striking on a picket (fence. | One of
the sharp palings pierced his arm. He
was also badly' bruised about- the body.
Poles to Colonize in Oregon.
PORTLAND, Oct. 30— Antonio Osow
skl is in this city endeavoring to secure
a tract of farming land In this State
Buitable for the accommodation of a col
ony of Poles 'numbering more than 1000:
Osowski cialms to have power to act for
the Immigrants, who, he says, will come
from Chicago and vicinity as soon as ar
rangements can be perfected. •
Jury Finds Heyhal Sane.
REDDING, Oct. 3O.-The jury' that sat
all week inquiring Into the sanity of John
Heyhal declared him", sane this evening,'
after ; being : out .ten ' minutes. The jury
stood eleven" to ' one.',! Heyhal \ must now
stand ¦ trial ¦¦" for the > murder of, ; William
Morgan at .Twin Valley,' on May 27. last i~
SOUTH BEND, Ind.. Oct. 30.— John R.'
Hough ton. &' student ¦ in the South Bend : High
School." died i to-day of blood polar^ng; result
ing from an Injury received In a practice game
of • football ¦; three . weeks aeo. . • ;
The seniors broke up the farce just at
its climax by turning a hose on the jun
iors and drenching them. Further hostil
ities developed later, but nothing of a
serious nature occurred.
Thf: parts of the three offenders were
well carried by L. D. Byrne, F. M. Wil
bur and H. D. Wheeler. H. E. Bush as
Paddle-alls and A. L. Trowbridge as
Junior president also did clever work;
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. SO.—
More than 1000 students crowded the
bleachers and the gridiron to-night to
¦witness the junior "plug ugly." The plot
was cleverly worked out, the songs
catchy and the parts well played by the
1905 actors. The farce centered about the
misdeeds of three Juniors, whom the fac
ulty committee decided niust either leave
college or wear a sophomore fez as a to
ken of their disgrace. They chose to
leave rather than wear the Turkish bon
net, but King David intervened In their
behalf and the faculty committee awarded
them their Junior plugs as recompense for
the insult.
Turn the Hose on the Actors Just
as the Climax Is
Beached.
STANFORD SENIORS BREAK
UP THE JUNIORS' FABCE
ARMENIAN SAYS
HE IS INNOCENT
Mr. Parry was elected unopposed. He
made a brief speech of acceptance, refer
ring to his devotion to the movement and
the desire to secure ways and means for
the observance of the law.
Resolutions were adopted which refer to
the strained relations between employer
and employe and their bad effect on busi
ness conditions, demand ample protection
for all seeking to earn a livelihood, and
continued: "In carrying on a firm and
uncompromising contest with the abuses
of unions as now constituted and conduct
ed, at the same time acknowledging the
free right of workmen to combine, and
admitting that their combination when
rightly constituted and conducted may
prove highly useful in the true Interests
of the workingmen themselves."
A convention of the association will be
held at Indianapolis next February.
The manner of assessing and affiliating
the many associations in the organization
took up most of the time of the delegates
at to-day's session.
j*^ HICAGO, Oct. 30.— With the clec
tT tlon of D. M. Parry of Indianapolis
uLj as Its president, the formation of
3^ the Citizens' Industrial Association
of America was completed to
night. The organization is national in
scope and includes representative manu
facturers, tradesmen, other employers of
labor, local industrial organizations and
citizens' alliances, having among other
things as Its object the dealing with the
labor problem in all its phases.
Delegates from fifty-seven cities, from
San Francisco to New York, including
several in Canada, were present at tho
convention and at the concluding session
all details of the plan of carrying on and
extending the work of. the organization
•were completed.
ASTORIA, Or., Oct. 30.— Captain Trlxa
dor of the French bark Germaine reports
having witnessed off the Columbia River
a sanguinary contest between a monster
black fish or whale and a savage sword
fish. The battle raged for fully an hour
and ended in the death of the whale. The
fight was in progress when the ship came
close enough to enable the crew to watch
the battle. The swordflsh was the ag
gressor throughout and the. efforts of the
whale to get away from him proved fu
tile. The swordflsh repeatedly leaped into
the air with the intention of sinking his
sharp sword Into the back of his huge
antagonist, but the whale succeeded In
evading these attacks. However, the
sword cut ugly gashes In the sides of the
whale and the sea was red with blood.
Occasionaly the fighting monsters sank
from sight, but the battle waged beneath
the surface of the water. After an hour's
fighting the swordflsh finally succeeded In
driving his sword deep into the back of
the whale and the leviathan succumbed,
the body floating motionless on the ocean.
At times during the progress of the bat
tle the Germaine was within a cable's
length of the contestants, but they were
eo interested in their fight that the pres
ence of the ship was not heeded.
SWOBDFISH AND WHALE
BATTLE TO THE DEATH
French Bark Germaine Reports Hav
ing Witnessed Sanguinary Con
test Off Columbia River.
"•Members -of the train crew were dis
patched to Fowler to notify the Santa Fe
officers of the accident and relief trains
were ¦ sent to the scene as quickly as
jxtesible. When the wounds of the in
jured' had been dressed they were taVen
to "La Junta In a special train, where the
more seriously hurt were placed In the
Sarta Fe hoscital.
: The extent of the disaster can be judged
from the fact that the wreckage cannot
be cleared away and the bridge repaired
before to-morrow evening. Meantime
trains to and from Denver will be run
via Trinidad. The damage is estimated
BX $18,000.
An Investigation showed plainly that
BELIEF TRAINS SENT.
BANKEfiS ON BOABD.
•The. wrecked train was made up at Den
ver last evening and at Pueblo the special
car Del Rosa, in charge of A. S. KJm
•herlry, and carrying eighteen Eastern
bankers, was attached to it. The train
vav bowling along at a speed of fifty
rnlle.s. an hour es it approached Apishapa
CreeH. between Manganola and Fowler.
.At the west end of the bridge the rails
fproad. derailing the engine, and when It
s-truck the bridge one span, 100 feet long,
m£at down. The engine, two baggage
cars, a chair car and a coach rolled over
on thejr sides to the creek bed. a distance
ei only about fifteen feet. Fortunately
liut .little water was running in the creek
at the time. One Pullman sleeper had the
forward end projecting over the embank
ment.
The bankers' car was the only one In
the train that was not derailed. The
engine rol Jed over and Engineer Walker
was rsinned under his cab. He was Im
mediately enveloped in a dense cloud of
ftpain. Some time elapsed before he was
rescued. Engineer Walker said that the
•first intimation he had of anything wrong
was- when the drivers suddenly began
b'j-m-plng the ties. He hastily closed the
throttle and reversed the lever. The en
gine and . cars plowed over the ties at
least 150 feet and the extraordinary strain
put on the bridge caused the structure
to collapse.
- Er.ffi.ieer John E. Walker, La Junta,
scalded and bruised, may die; Fireman A.
Bates, bruised: Mrs. Mary Anderson of
Nortosvflte. Kans.. injured Internally;
.George Brown of Denver, injured inter
r-alli-; W. A. PattlEon of Denver lip cut,
teeth knocked out and bruised; A. G.
Freeze of Newton. Kans., bruised and
Phaken up: M. J. Garvey of Denver.
bruised and shaken up; Mr. Hamilton of
.Colorado Springs, bruised, suffering from
.rxu-vqus shock; Harold Kolberjr of Mld
dlesboro, Ky., head injured: Mrs. Lillie
Sch'ott of Denver, head and neck injured;
.Joseph Stevens of Pueblo, bruised; Mrs.
Joseph Stevens of Pueblo, bruised; J. G.
Benson of Cold Harbor, N. D.. fare cut
and. teeth knocked out; E. *\ Atkins of
Pallas. Tex., head injured; Mrs. Mary
Laird, of Cummlr.gs, Kans., bruised and
cut< - Robert Collum of Carbondale, Kans.,
bruised and cut; Carl Berg, bruised: F.
IV. Risley of Gibbs. Mo., bruised, nervous
shock; Mrs. J. A. Hoffman of Dallas. Tex.,
bruised, r.ervous shock; J. F. McGill of
Washington. D. C, bruised; J. L. Rem
hirdt of ¦ Owensboro, Ky., cruised; Mrs.
J.. -A. Keinhardt of Owensboro, Ky.,
braised; Mrs. Matilda Hamilton of Moss
City, .Kans.. and P. W. Snoop of Union
vtlljvMo., bruised and cut; C Bennett of
Buffalo. .X. T.. bruised: Louis Dules of El
Piw?oV. Tex., bruised; Mrs. F. D. White,
bruised, nervous shock; Alice Bowman of
Whitehead, 111., bruised, shock; John
Sandoval of Trinidad, bruised and cut;
J. M: Aubolum of Granola. Kans., back
injured; Mrs. J. M. Aubolum of Granola,
JKaris.. bruised.
. PtEBLO. Colo.. Oct, 30. -By an act of
train-wreckers east-bound Santa Fe pas
senger train Xo. 6. known as the Colo
rado-Chicago -flyer." in which was one
car filled with Eastern bankers, home
ward bound from California, was derailed
at liSO o'clock this morning at Apishapa
Creek, thirty-five miles east of this city,
and,; breaking down the ««teel bridge, the
ermine ar.d the first four cars following
nlaaged to the bed of the creek, where
.they .were pil?d in a mass of wreckage.
Thirty or more trainmen and passengers
were. injured, and that none were killed
outright is regarded as almost miraculous.
The Injured are:
Thirty Passengers and Trainmen
3ffore ot Less Seriously Injured,
. ' • but by a Miracle Not a
. - Person Killed.
Colorado - Chica go «« Flyer "
Plunges Through Bridge
to Bed of Creek.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 30.— The Federal
Grand Jury which has been in session in
this city for eleven days presented Its
final report to Judge Bellinger this after
noon and was discharged. The jury was
one of the most active ever impaneled in
this State, the scope of i«.s investigations
being unusually broad and productive,
sixteen Federal cases being Inquired into,
entailing the examination of eighty-nine
witnesses and resulting in fifteen true
bills being returned, among them being
some of national interest. The inquiry of
the jury Into the matter of land frauds
in this State resulted In the indictment of
Elx persons apd the statrgnent Is made
that false entry has been made on an ag
gregate of about 1,000,000 acres of land.
The matter of pension frauds was also
inquired -into and the Jury before adjourn
ing returned indictments against T. A.
Wood, a pension attorney, and his son,
Hosea Wood, a partner in the business
conducted by his father. The men are
charged with procuring, making and riling
of false and fraudulent affidavits in con
nection with applications for Indian* War
pension claims. The indictments are volu
minous and contain numerous counts
wherein the Government alleges thai the
laws have been infringed on.
Woods is commander In chief, of the
Indian War Veterans of Oregon.
The promenade concert in the evening
attracted the most distinguished gather
ing recently seen in San Mateo. The en
tire smart set of the city was in attend
ance, besides a number of visitors. The
attendance for the day was more thajn
2000. Roy Pike of San Francisco, a broth
er of Mrs. W. P. Fuller, rendered a vocal
solo— Among those present were: Colonel
A. Hayward, Mrs. Easton, the W. P. A.
Brewers, W. P. Fullers, H. P. Bowies.
George C. Ross, Ward M. Smith, A. R.
Gilchrist, T. A. Turner and L. B. Doe.
The Judges of award were J. W. Bagge
of San Francisco, James Hutchinson of
Woodslde and George E. Lyons of San
Mateo.
Chrysanthemums: Cut bronze, Mn. "William
H. Crocker, W. Eldred gardener; dissimilar,
J. B. Coryelle, Mr. McDonald gardener; white,
pink and potted (three exhibits, three prizes),
P. C. Meyer, Thomas Breen gardener; yellow —
E. S. Slade.
Dahlias— George Pope, W. JCIttlewell gar-
Roses— Fick & Faber.
Ferns— H. G. Hardy.
Carnations— Fick & Faber.
Throughout the exhibition dellght/ul
music was discoursed by an orchestra.
Among the ladies present were ¦ Mrs.
"William H. Crocker, Mrs. A. B. Ford,
Mrs. Starr-King. Mrs. F. Walkington,
Mrs. A. L. Whitney, Mrs. L. B. Doe, Mrs.
M. A. Lee, Mrs. J. H. Doane, Mrs. C E.
Green, Mrs. Easton, Mrs. Drysdale, Mrs.
Tebbetts and Mrs. John Parrott.
SAN MATEO, Oct. 30.— The flower show
given by the ladies of the Civic Club in
this city this afternoon and evening wad
a success. The attendance was as largo
as the large hall. -could accommodate.
The display of flowers was magnificent.
Arranged In handsome booths, they stood
in fragrant ranks, a delight-to all behofd
ers.
There was a large preponderance of
chrysanthemums among the exhibits.
Some of them were varieties never before
.exhibited in California. Roses, dahlias,
carnations, ferns and cacti were In pro
fusion. -- -
Among the first prizes awarded were
the following:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
They Are Accused of Filing
False Affidavits in In
dian War Cases.
Prizes Are Awarded for the
Best Assortments of
Cut Flowers. 1
ReturningEasternBank
eri Have Narrow
Escape.
Magnificent Display Is
Made by Ladies of
San Mateo.
Oregon Attorney and
His Son Indicted By
Grand Jury.
PENSION FRAUDS
ARE UNEARTHED
DESPERADOES
DERAIL TRAIN
NEAR PUEBLO
FLORAL EXHIBIT
PROVES SUCCESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1903.
Formation of the Citizens' Industrial Association
Is Completed at Chicago /•• by Delegates From
Forty-Seven Cities in This Country and Canada
D. M. PARRY ELECTED
HEAD OF ORGANIZATION
FIRST PRESIDENT OF THE
CITIZENS' INDUSTRIAL. AS
SOCIATION OF AMERICA,
3
For
MM
mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
I For Public Administrator!
William E. Lutz
1 Republican Nominee|
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
SMITH
(INCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
Fit tear:
IASH1NGT0HB0DSE
Democratic Mies.
For Sheriff
Henry H. Lynch
Rebublican Nominee
For Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis
Chairman Street Committee of Present Board
ot Supervisors.
Democratic Nominee
Union Labor Party Nominee.
IEEELCALL
16 Pages.- §1 per Year
POLmCAL CAJB3DS.
INDORSEMENT
FOR
RECORDER.
"VVhen a public offlclaJ has b**n tried and
found true to his trust: when the affairs of hi*
office have been honestly, efficiently and eco-
nomically administered. It- la apparent to all
that public duty ard public Interest should
unite to retain him In the position he has cred-
itably filled. If proper recognition is denied
the official who has been honest and capable,
the implication follows that the. people appre-
ciate neither honesty nor capability in the pub-
!lc service. But right thinking citizens do not
willingly make this mistake. Who Is the wor-
thy candidate? That U the question.
With full knowledge of the facts, we destre
to comiriend the administration of Recorder Ed-
monel Godchaux. and to certify to the Improve-
orient In that department during his term. Th»
superlcr conditions that now exist and the
prompt service and courteous treatment accord-
ed the public are a matter of common comment
to all who have regular dealings with the Re-
corder's office.
The financial showing U equally rrattryinjr:
During 1 the three years of Mr. Godchaux' ¦
term the otflce has paid expenses and earned a
net surplus of $23,309 19 for the city treasury.
During the three years preceding his adminis-
tration the office was conducted at a loss, pro-
ducing a net deficit of $24.s;u 73. This is *
gain of 143.113 02 for the present management,
credit belQK equally due tha charter and th«
Recorder.
As tha wise employer does honor to his faith*
ful assistant, so should the people reward thoaw
public servants who have proved that they may
be trusted. In tha Interest of clean and capa-
ble municipal service, without regard to parti-
san considerations, we Indorse Mr. Godchaux
for Recorder. Respectfully submitted.
Tobln A Tobtn. attorneys for the Hlbernia S»y-
Inga and Loan Society, per J. 8. Tobin.
Goodfellow & Eells, attorneys for the Germaa
Savings and Loan Society.
H. C. Campbell, attorney San Francisco Sav-
ings Union.
French Savings Bank, per C. Oarpy. president.
Drown. Leicester & Drown, attorneys for Sav-
ings and Loan Society.
Frank J. Sullivan, attorney at law for Mutual
. Savings Bank.
Alexander D. Keyes, attorney for tha Hum-
boldt Savings and Loan Society.
Smith & Prlngle. attorneys for Security Savings
Bank.
B. B. Young and F. A. Denicke. attorneys for
Swiss-American Bank and Central Trust
Company of California.
Pacific States Savings. Loan and Building
Co.. by W. S. Pardy. assistant secretary.
Vogelsang & Brown, attorneys for City and
•County Bank.
Morrison & Cope, attorneys for Mercantlla
Trust Company.
Heller & Powers, attorneys for Union Trust
Company of San Francisco.
California Title Insurance and Trust Co.. A.
T. Spotts, manager.
Stoney. Rouleau & Stoney. attorneys for Titl»
Insurance and Guaranty Co.
City Abstract Company. W. H. Dlmond. «ecre-
tary. t _
Edwards Publishing Co. (corporation), by F.
Ernest Edwards, secretary.
John S. Rolls, searcher of records.
Marron & Llttlewood. searchers ot records.
Thos. Maxee & Sons, real estate dealers.
Shalnwald. Buckbee & Co.. real estate dealer*.
Madison & Burke, real estate dealers.
Bovee. Toy & Co., real estate dealers.
O. D. Baldwin & Son. real estate dealers.
Burnham. Marsh & Co., real estate dealers.
Davidson * Leizh, real estate dealers.
A. E. Buckingham & Co.. real state dealer*.
S. Duras Company, real estate dealers.
Speck & Co.. real estate dealers.
Lyon 4 Hoag, real estate dealers.
Boardman Bros. & Co.. real estate dealers.
Center A Soader, real estate dealers.
W. H. Crlm & Co., real estate dealers.
R. D. Cranston A Sons, real estate dealers.
Doyle-Pryal Company, real estate dealers.
John W. Flinn. real estate dealer.
Jacob Heyman Company, real estate dealers.
K. 1a. Atkinson, real estate dealer.
B. P. Oliver, real estate dealer.
Guy T. Wayman. real estate dealer.
Felix Marcus*, real estate dealer. >- "»&
ADVERTISEMENTS. . i
ROOS BROS.
OFFER FOR
Saturday, Monday and Tuesday at
These -Exceptional $5 and $6 Values
Specially Reduced for this Sale
CHILDREN'S SAILOR SUITS 1 CHILDREN'S REEFERS
V> Vinm and dark shades- all A11 wco1 red and brown chtviots;
wc e olTwefdt/3to k t 2 Sh y«r S s : % V^^V^™^'
$5 and $6. Reduced to $3.25 $5. ' Reduced to *. S3. 25
;"' - | OVERCOATS $4 and $5 REDUCED TO $3.25 I
CHILDREN'S FANCY .OVERCOATS I I CHILDREN'S OXFORD OVERCOATS
/All wool navy blue cheviot; peail Long gray, with' veivit collar,
o r vea a rs S m y nS '' fortoys 5 to loyears.
$5 and'$6. Reduced to $3.25 $4 and $5., Reduced ti S3. 25
R005 BROS;
. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
: . SUN AND SNOW
• Sometimes Help the Hair to Go.
In any changeable climate the hair Is
• apt to become brittle and to break off
Ftubby here and there. This makes a
hair dressing almost a necessity, espe-
• cially to ladles. In using a hair dressing
why not get the best, one that combines
with it the efficiency In killing the dan-
' druff germ, the germ that eats the hair
off at the roots, causing what Is called
falling hair, and in time baldness. New-
bros -Herpicide" is that kind of a hair
<?res£ing. You have no idea how delight-
ful your scalp will feel, and how stylish
your hair wiH appear, after an applica-
: tion or two of Herpicide. It Is certainly
a wonderful innovation as a scalp antl-
nrptic and hair dressing. Sold by leading
drujrgists. Send 10c In stamps for sam-
r.le to The Herpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
SOLD EVERYWHERE. H
HILEERT MERCANTILE CO.. fl
Paclnc Coast Agent*. Jt
Don't like Schilling's Best .
Your grocer returns your.
. money.. : , SAN-RAFAEIv Oct."; 30.— A ' deal was closed
between ¦ M^H. , Greeson '¦ and - wife and M. C.
Meeker, "whereby 'the latter bought back the
entire: Camp "Meeker " and ; Oregson- addition
properties, •>. including i the : Camp ? Meeker am
phitheater. and> the water system covering both
the camp and' addition and all Improvements. ¦
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. * 30. — Mrs.
Peirce, the ¦ a«ted » mother • of ¦ Dr.* George James
Peirce, associate professor of , botany and plant
physiology;, died 'in = Palo * Alto • to-day , of ¦ heart
trouble. ¦ After, funeral services, at the Peirce
residence . to-morrow, morning , Dr.~ Peirce. .will
leave for, Boston with the remains . of his de
ceased mother. • .¦'-¦'. - ¦ ¦ _
OAKLAND,. Oct. ; SO.— The Police and
Fire Commissioners^ to-day: permanently
retired Patrolman J^ S. Mackey. The ¦ Se
quoia Athletic ClubVwas granted'a permit
to , hold , a (professional boxing* contest ' on
November: 12. ¦'¦¦- ¦' - '" ". * :,-
Policeman Is Retired.
SANTA- CRUZ, : : Oct. 30.— The workmen
employed* in i the wheel ' mills " of the * black
powder;-? department ":, at ; ' the California
Powder Works struck last night : They
demanded ; that \ the hours t of 'work . be re
duced \ f rom i twelve to '[ eight, t their ¦ wages
to remaln'as at present. ' The • strike does
not : affectvany .the others departments.
Strike; for Shorter Working Hours.
Extracting gold from the Nome beaches
continues,' so reports the Mining and Sci
entific Press. The Press says:
During the season of four years ago this was
very srofltable . and : many miners refused to
make known the large amounts of gold which
they sscured from the btach with rockers.
Twenty-five plants were • operated this season
between Nome .Cemetery and Penny River and
fifteen more on the eastern outskirts of Nome.
The plant usually consists of a gasoline en
gine, a hose and sluice boxes. It Is estimated
that each took out an average of $2500, giving
an output : for this ¦¦ season of 9100,000. Ftour
years i ago the beach was : estimated to', have
yielded $900,000.; :
BAKERSFIELD. Oct. 30.— Joseph Prawen
«al died this morning in Kern City as a result
of beins kicked . in - the stomach by a .horse.
He wai» employed by his - uncle. ¦ Marius > Ces
mat,-one of the early settlers of Kern, In his
livery stable. SBSSUIaVUWBSBHB
-VALLEJO,, Oct. 30.— Several thousand «un
perch were received at ; Mare Island to-day
from, the Sissons Hatchery.' They will be used
in stocking the pond on the island. . .
MISSING GIRL IS FOUND
ON A SAN PEDBO STEAMER
Dresses as a Boy and Secures a
Position to Wait an the Cabin '
Passengers.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30.— For several
days Miss Bessie Barclay, the 16-year-old
daughter of a well to do family, has been
missing from home and as she had made
previous efforts to go on the stage against
the consent of her parents, detectives in
various cities were asked to watch the
theatrical agencies and other efforts were
made to locate her with small traveling
troupes in this part of the State. To-night
just before the steamer Ruth sailed from
San -Pedro for San Francisco the 'captain
of the vessel happened to notice that the
hair of a newly engaged cabin-boy ap
peared to be rather long and as If by ac
cident the captain knocked off the young
ster's cap. The result amazed * him, - for
over the shoulders . of the supposed boy
fell a wealth of. golden hair which could
belong only to a girl. The supposed boy
was the missing girl. The captain at once
notified the shore authorities and a Los
Angeles detective went to San Pedro and
brought the girl home. • «
Army and Navy Jinks.
.Army .and Navy Parlor of the Native
Sons of the Golden West gave its annual
smoker in its meeting place In > Native
Sons' Hall, last night. The V attendance
was | large and J the • programme presented
under the supervision of Bert A.\ Uadt,
chairman of the good of the order ; com
mittee, was entertaining j and' pleasing. : !
. This : parlor will. give > an entertainment
for the c benefit ofthe- lady relatives , and
friends of the members. The subordinate
of the Native Sons was organized among
native * Calif ornians ; in the " army at Ma
nila and it was instituted in this city, in
1900, .every. ; charter 'member i being a .v-ot
eran of the Spanish-American War;. '
OAKLAND, Oct. 30.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued to-day by
the Ccuntr Clerk: Joseph P. da Rosa, 22,
&nd Mary. E. Santos, 17," both of Center
vine; Frank Caldlera, 27, and Mary A.
Vargas, 19, both of Centerville.
Marriage Licenses.
Loyal Foresters Entertain.
An entertaining programme of music,
pongs and recitations was the .attraction
at the social evening of Loyal Circle "of
the Companions of the Forest, A. O. R,
in Red Men's Hall last night. The num
bers were contributed by Messrs. Large.
Torres and.Laulhard. George Evans. Clar
ence Krone, Miss Martha Davis, C. A.
Krone, Miss Tryphena Pritchard, Mrs. E.
Burns and Arthur Loftus. After the en
tertainment ten dance numbers kept the
young folks together until midnight. Tha
affair was under the direction of Lizzie
Gfroerer, Marie Large, M. L. Havey,
Anna Senne, Julia Baker, Cora Llndsley'
Christie Mltchel, Kathrine Moran, Emma
C. Duley, Frederick Zimmerman, floor
manager; Miss Rose Ebbitts, Mrs. A.
Young, Hazel Richmond, Nellie Havey.
Mrs. M. Large, Grace Garetto, C MitclicI,
Kate Moran, Carl Kahran, J. Woltinger,
Miss Louise A. Reddick and John Rob
erts.
Gas Poisons Three Workmen.
LOS ANGELES, ; Oct 30.— Because" of a
ehort- circuit in Its underground conduits
a large part of the Pacific Light and
Power Company.'s system was rendered
inoperative to-day" and three men were
rendered unconscious from breathing the
poisonous gas formed by! the burning of
rubber insulations. These .were John Zim
merman, a. foreman; A.- H. Roberts : and
John Cornell.
Decides Not to Cut -Price of Lumber.
TACOMA, . Wash., Oct. ,20.— That there
is no ; occasion '\ f or^ an : ; immediate * ; cut- in
the | price of ' lumber; was ; the "decision at
the. regular j monthly,; meeting - of. the i Pa
cific Lumber < Manufacturers' : Association
held here? The members are agreed. that
the* weakness to.' demand Is only ' a u tem
porary^condltlon', which may,. not longer
endure than the close of next month.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 30.— There was a
heavy sea running last night and the
Conflanza, a schooner owned by. Natley
Bros/; which ; was unloading tanbark *at
the wharf, broke : from her mooi ings. A
sten.m schooner "belonging to the Big
Creek Company then towed the Conflanza
to Monterey. Three* small skiffs belong
ing, to . Fred ! Perez. A. Osswald ,' and J.
Sterling, ; fishermen. i were ' torn from 1 their
moorings *: and ! drifted " out to ' a»a.
Heavy Sea Running at Santa Cruz.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 3O.-Caesar At
tell of San Francisco to-night defeated
Kid Krantz of Seattle in a twenty-round
contest* for, a' decision.*:
Attell Defeats Kid Krantz.
OAKLAND, Oct.; 80. —Congressman Vic
tor H. Metcalf, with Mrs. Metcalf and
their son Harold, departed this evening
for to be pYesent at the open
ing of the special session of Congress next
month. The Metcalf s will stop for, a day
at Los Angeles, and -at' New ; Orleans "en
route to the national Capital. c^3Sg
With Family He Departs by "Way of
Southern Route; for National
Capital.
CONGRESSMAN METCALF ¦¦
OFF FOB WSHINGTON
ALAMEDA; Oct; SO.— 'twhen Greek
Meets Greek," a comedietta, will be ' pre
sented by the; December class of the Ala
meda High School in Armory Hall ' to
morrow night. Those who will appear in
the cast are Miss Ethel Amann, Miss Ida
Pattiani, Herbert Bruntsch and J. " How
ard "Johnston. :
Students in Comedy.
WATSON VILLE, Oct 30.— The Watson
vllle OH Companj? perforated two strata
of sand at -well No. 3 on the Sargent
ranch, near Sargents; Santa Clara County,
this morning, and the result Is beyond the
expectations of Its owners. : The flow of
oil under the pressure of gas has been
heavy all day, columns of oil frequently
nhooting upward at least sixty feet Sev
eral hundred barrels of oil were lost In the
geyser rush before the- flow ; was^ con
trolled. It is estimated that the 'well, will
furnish not less than two hundred) barrels
per day. The Sargents territory is V be-
Jleved to-be one of the best oil districts
In California, and it is the nearest to San
Francisco of any proved -oil territory...'.
Rich Flow of Oil Is Struck.
ROBS A CANDY STORE.— Henry Ull. 13
years old. was arrested last night by Detectives
Fitzgerald and Graham and booked at tho
Mission police station on a charg» of burglary.
He finally confessed that he had entered tha
candy store of Jamea Pmnjes, on Mission!
street, and taken $19 from the till.
It is understood that a new plot has
been ¦ discovered against the murderers
of the" King and Queen. >
BELGRADE, Servia, , Oct. 30.— Captain
Lotkijevltch, the former aide-de-camp of
the late King Alexander, who was ar
lefted last September and sentenced to a
month's Imprisonment for having engaged
in a conspiracy against tho murderers of
King Alexander and Queen Draga, has
been rearrested. He was captured in the
laundry room of the fort.
Th,e arrest ot General Magelenlcs, for
merly a supporter of, the late King Milan
of Servia and on .the retired Mist, and
other officers Is Imminent. The general
did not ¦¦'participate. In. tbe counter plot,
but he has \ openly . condemned the regi
cides.
CARPENTER FRACTURES HIP.— John
Nlchol. a carpenter, fell from th» roof of a
building at Sixteenth street and Julian avenua
yesterday evening fractured the bone of
his right hip. He was treated at the City and
County Hospital.
New Plot Disco vored
Against Military
Regicides.
RUMMAGE SALE. — The Ladies' Aid Society
of Memorial Presbyterian Church win open %
rummage sale Saturday, October 31. at' 540
Sixth street. Contributions may be sent to th»
store or notices to call. Articles will be thank
fully received.
Judge Melvin this morning granted
Mary Elfen a divorce '•from Odin W. El fen
on the. ground of extreme cruelty.
•; One of the reasons why Mrs. May K.
Fink appealed from the decision of the
court . in granting her a divorce from
Alonzo W. Fink was made apparent to
day' when the hearing of the matter of
her petition to have Fink show cause why
he' should not .pay her $83 a month ali
mony from June last. Attorney McPike
argued that the alimony should be paid
until the appeal had been settled. Judge
Hall did not take this view of the case
and dismissed the action, stating that
their property rights had been settled by
the decree.
Jeanette B. Culver was given an inter
locutory decree of divorce to-day from
William B. Culver on the ground of de
sertion.
OAKLAND, Oct. 30.— To-day Mrs. Ida
Hopper was granted a divorce from her
husband, Frank, by j\idge Melvin on tfie
ground of extreme cruelty. She was also
awarded the community property and $60
a month alimony. •'¦
Judge Hall Decides Mrs. May E.
Fink Has No Right to More
Alimony.
WIVES GRANTED DIVORCES
FROM CRUEL HUSBANDS
LONDON, Oct. 30.— It was officially an
nounced to-day that the King of Greece
has been appointed an honorary admiral
of the British "fleet.
"King George a British Admiral.
•Printing— Theo. Lunstedt (chairman). J. L.
Kergrt. Dr. T. B. W. Leland; finance— M. C.
Mopensen iohairman), D. P. Regan, E. L.
W&dham. Sig. Levy. M. J. Daly. Joseph King
Jr., L>r. K. Fltzgibbons. J. e. JJcDougald;
music — M. J. Daly < chairman). John Bromberg
er. Ed McGreevy; floor — Dr. T. H. XV. Lf-land
(marairc-r). M. XV. Coftey. Harry Hinton. Theo.
LunKtedt. E. E. K>]ly. C. J. Stewart; reception
— John T. Gibuon <chairman) and the executive
committee: press— J. L. Hersret (chairman) Ed
Murphy. Frank Shannon. . H. P. Sissler.'
The affair was one of the most success
ful of its kind ever held In this city, more
than fifteen hundred people being pres
ent, of whom fully one-half took part in
the dancing. .
Toward midnight the crowd was eo
dense that dancing became somewhat dif
ficult, but collisions on the floor by the
dancers were taken wit!i good nature and
not en incident marred the gathering. An
excellent programme of dance music was
provided and the ball was continued until
an early hour this morning.
The committees in charge of the ball
were as follows:
Golden Gate Aerie No. 16 of the Frater
nal Order of Eagles gave its second grand
annual ball last evening at the Mechanics'
Pavilion.
OEDEB OF EAGLES GIVES
ffiflK ITS GRAND ANNUAL BALL
Hundreds of Dancers Crowd the Flooi
v- • 'of the Mechanics' Pa
vilion- •
John Hicks •• visited the Morgue yester
day , and identified ¦ the remains jof the
woman who died at the City and County
Hospital on Thursday of asphyxiation by
gas at 1300^ Stockton street last Tues
day, as those of Annie Dougherty. Last
evening Mrs.- Alma , Llndo of 603 Bush
street, upon viewing the j body; said that
the woman was once married, to a man
named McXab of Santa Rosa, but she
had. not seen the deceased for several
years.- It was understood that the woman
had . been .separated from .her ; husband
for the last three years; Mrs. Lindo re
quested Deputy Coroner. Meehan to. hold
the body until Sunday so that in the
event that she. was not buried by her
relatives, who are said to be wealthy,
her friends . could take' charge of the re
mains.
Asphyxiated Woman Identified.
. Tfce university is now taking steps to grade
the Hillegass field for the ,¦ maneuvers of the
college regiment. , The movements of tbe -stu
dent soldiers are now greatly restricted en ac
count of the poor facilities for drilling It is
hoped to improve • this condition by nuttlne
Hillegasi field In suitable shape.
¦ Robert I. Aitken.'who is to do the • sculptur
ing on ; the new Hearst mining ¦ building has
erected a x rude studio on the campus adjoining
the. new structure. ..
The University of California has been invited
to put a team of association football players in
the field and play with the Hornets of Oakland
on, New Year's day. The matter will be taken
up by the -executive committee and a decision
will , b« ' reached ¦ before the end of next week.
The Dres^nt" ehallense from the Hornets i3 a
part of the plan to introduce association foot
ball into the college.
. BERKELEY, Oct. 30.— Editor Hallett of the
Blue anil Gold, the college annual, has Just an
nounced the list of an important series of prizes
that he Intends to offer for the best work that
Is done for the book. The prizes for the suc
cessful work are' as follows: First, for the best
idea for the improvement Of the book, a trip
to the Grand Canyon of the Colorado via the
Santa Fe: second, for tho best Idea for a car
toon, a five day trip to the Yosemite over the
Santa Fe-Merced route: third, for the best story
on college life, a five-day trip to the Yosemlte;
fourth, for the best poem based on California
life, a trip to some railroad point in California;
fifth, for. the best photograph typical of col
lege life, a fountain pen. . It Is the intention of
Hallett to offer additional prizes for the etu
dents In the Affiliated Colleges and In the Art
School. , The contest will close on January 13.
Superintendent Donovan, representing'
Mills, announces that a loan of six mil
lion dollars will be needed to complete the
extension, but no effort to float the bonds
will be made until Whatcom and Fair
haven either separately or as a consoli
dated city pay up the delinquent Interest.
The object is to establish the credit of
both towns In the East, thereby tending
to secure a lower rate of interest on- the
railroad bonds to be floated. • .
TACOMA, Oct. 30. -After using their in
fluence to secure . the consolidation ' of
Fairhaven and Whatcom D. O. Mills and
the Harriman railroad Interests will now
require these cities to' pay their delin
quent interest on outstanding warrants
and bonds, held largely In the East, be
fore they will extend the Bellingham Bay
and British Columbia Railroad across the
mountains to Spokane, thereby giving
the Harriman system Puget Sound ter
minals at Bellingham under which name
Fairhaven and Whatcom are to consoli
date.
Will Be Deprived of Railroad Facili
ties Until Outstanding Claims
Are Settled.
TWO WASHINGTON CITIES
MUST PAY INDEBTEDNESS
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
SAN" JOSE, Oct. 30.— Quick work has
been done in the case of George T. An
derson, charged with stealing $35 from
the room of a school teacher at Almaden.
He was arrested Wednesday, held to an
swer yesterday, pleaded guilty to-day,
waived time and was sentenced to ona
/ear In San Quentin.
Swift Justice.
The buildings destroyed were the flour
mills of W. S. Woodward & Sons .ind
Baltimore and Ohio grain elevator ad
joining. The wagon works of H. Kaiser
&Co. were damaged by a wall falling on
the roof.
Missing: Harry McWllIiams, a roofer.
. PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 30.— One person
dead and possibly two, a dozen persons
injured and a property loss of more than
$200,000 Is the result of a fire which oc
curred to-day in the block boundea by
the Schuylkill River, Race, * Vine .md
Twenty-third streets.
The dead: Charles Messmer, aged 26
years. *
DENVER, Oct. 30.— It is practically cer
tain that Brigadier General John Chase,
commander of the National Guard of
Colorado, now on trial before a court
martial, will be exonerated from tha
charge of perjury. When the court met
to-day it was announced that no further
evidence on thl3 charge would be re
quired and a recess was taken until this
afternoon at the request of General
Chase's attorneys to give the defendant
further time to arrange his defense to
the charges of disobedience and insubor
dination. A member of the court, on be
ing asked for his opinion of the signif
icance of the abrupt closing of the hear
ing on the perjury charge, replied that It
amounted practically to an acquittal.
This afternoon General Chase was put
upon the stand. He admitted refusing to
obey the alleged executive order for the
release of the prisoner, Davis. He de
clared that he had been made responsible
for the peace of the Cripple Creek dis
trict and felt that the detention of Davis ;
was necessary. He did not believe the
order came from the Governor. He de
nied that he had ever willfully disobeyed
any order which he knew came from the
commander In chief, Governor Peabody.
LONG BEACH, Oct. 30. -The clothing
and other personal effects of J. F. Shaf
flebarger, prominent life insurance agent
of Los Angeles, were found to-night In
one of the rooms of the Long Beach bath
house and It .is believed that their owner
was drowned in the surf some time this
afternoon. He came here twice a week
and was, well known to the bathhouse
management, but the fact that he" had
rented 'a bathing suit and had 'not re
turned it was not remembered until to
night, when his. clothing was found. A
search of the beach and plunge was made,
but without^ result.
Shafflebarger was a strong swimmer and
invariably swam as far out as : the end
of the life lines! It is feared he was
seized with cramps while In the water and
sank before any person noticed that he
was In distress.- He held a responsible po
sition with the Conservative Life-insur
ance Company, has a family and was: in
comfortable financial circumstances.
FE AB THAT SHAFFIiEB AUGER
WAS DROWNED IN THE SURF
Clothing and Personal Effects of In
surancs Agent Are Found in
Bathhouse. •>
One Man Is Killed, An
other Missing- and
Twelve Try ured.-
Trial of Colorado Na
tional Guardsman
Nears End.
1 OAKLAND, Oct. 20.— Overcome by foul
I gases. Thomas Hart, a city employe, was
dragged unconscious out of the main lake
sewer to-day, in which he had been work-
Ing with a cleaning gang. Fellow work
man saw Hart collapse and quickly got
him to a nearby manhole. whe,re he was
raised to the surface. In the fresh air
Hart revived quickly.
The incident caused Superintendent of
Streets Ott to make a careful examina
tion of the sewer, the result being that
.this main outlet will be cleaned its entire
length at once. From San Pablo avenue
to Harrison street the sewer is clogged
with two and a half feet of debris. This
' seriously blocks the conduit and would be
the source of much trouble unlses reme
died before the winter rains set In.
Workman Collapses but Is Removed
Quickly to the Surface and
Bevived.
OVEBCOME BY OASES
WHILE IN A SEWEB
SERVIAN OFFICER
AGAIN ARRESTED
•Organ prelude, "Idyl" (Rathleder); chorus,
"Praise the Lord" (Randegger); psalm, select
ed; ••Gloria Patri"; hymn No. 181; prayer; so
prano solo. "Salvation to Our God" (Spry;,
Hiss Clara Diana Stacy; trio, "Lift Thine
, Eyes," from "Elijah" (Mendelssohn), Mrs.
| Stacy, Mrs. John C. Walling, MIsb Bertha Mar
vin; barytone solo. "He "Will Forgive" (Moir),
Gus Olsen; address. Rev. William Kelly; offer
ings; organ voluntary, "Andante" (Wagner);
alto solo. "Unttl the Day Breaks" (Gounod),
Mist Marvin; anthem, "The Lost Chord" (Sul-
Hvan-Macy). piano and organ accompaniment;
duet, "H*rk, Hark, My Soul" (Shelley), Mrs.
Stacy, Miss Marvin; hymn No. 210; benediction;
"Triple Amen"; silent prayer; organ postlude,
chorus from "Judas Maceabaeus" (Handel).
Miss Effls Merrill Is organist for the
choir and will be heard Sunday evening
In several solos. Mrs. Clara Diana Stacy,
the soprano, Is a recent acquisition, com
ing to Oakland from Chicago a short time
ago, and is said to possess a very line
voice.
The whole praise service programme Is
as follows:
OAKLAND, Oct. 30.— A delightful
programme has been prepared by
Choirmaster J. C. Walling of the
English Lutheran Church for the
. - praise service -that will be given
Sunday evening at the church. The choir
Is noted for Its good work ¦ind : on the
present occasion itj will be ' assisted by
Miss Elsie Farnham, pianist: H. A. Red
field, tenor: J. E. Dean, .tenor, and Gus
Olsen, barytone. ¦ .¦¦"'¦
SOLOISTS WHO WILL GIVE A
CONCERT FOR THE ENGLISH
LUTHERAN CHURCH.
CHASE IS SURE
OF ACQUITTAL
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30.— The body of
Patrick Murphy, a laborer, was found at
Eastlake Park near 'the reservoir this
afternoon. From outward appearance it
was the opinion of the physicians who
saw the body that Murphy died from
poison. A small ' bottle of arsenic was
found in the pockets of the dead man's
coat. It Is thought to be a case of suicide.
Laborer Dies From Poison.
The other members of the organization
are the following: A. G. Cadogan, L. B.
Chandler, R. J. Dunphy, A. W. Foster, J.
W, Geary, F. Hamilton, C. H. Hudson,
L. K. Kennedy,, Drummond MacGavln,
H. H. Minor, J. F. Moore, Orval Overall,
W.' H. Ramsauer. E. S. Sheffield, R. J.
Somers, S.' M. Stow and JVC. Whipple.
In the afternoon during the football
practice the neophytes appeared on the
field dressed In variegated costumes lead
ing goats and donkeys. Each one had his
own particular part to play. None of the
neophytes, however,' were able' to make
good with the bleachers. This evening
the organization held a banquet. . , . .
Four -men of the faculty were taken
Into, the organization as honorary mem
bers. They were Professor Martin C.
Flaherty, Professor Henry Morse Ste
phens. Professor Sanford, Captain Waite
and Instructor Landfleld. The follow
ing were the men initiated: E. R. Abadie.
C. P. Boone, A. S. Bunnell, C. F. Burke,
F. E. Clarku, A. M. Cooley, R. A. Craig,
R. E. Demeritt, J. S. Edwards, J. A.
Force, W. F. Heltmuller, T. W. Hendrlck,
Scott Hendricks, H. W. Howard. M. G.
Jeffress.' A. W. Meany, H. S. Minor, O.
S. Orrlck. C. H. Parker, Rudolph Schill
ing, B. K. Stroud, S. R. Symmes, G. B.
Voorhles. Harmon Wickson, J. A. Wilcox
and H. S. Young. - .
For a, number of hours, to-day a score
of upper-class men of the University of
California cut up' curious capers to the
delight of a large college audience. These
men were the Initiates Into Skull and
Keys, the exclusive Inter-fraternity of the
college. The affair, which is an annual
event, "'attracted a number of society peo
ple from both sides ofthe bay. Each one
of the neophytes .was compelled to do all
sorts of queer things. Most of these
"stunts" were supposed to be funny, but
the performance was marked by the com
plete absence of anything like originality.
The initiation might have been the one
held. three years ago for all the departure
there was In it from the one of that
date. ,'.- :
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. Oct. 30.
WASHINGTON 1 . Oct. 30.— The War
Department to-day made public the re
port and findings In -the case of Major
Robert L. ' Howze, charged with cruelty
in the Philippines. The findings of 'the
board exonerate Major Howze, who was
then lieutenant colonel, commanding the
district where the alleged cruelties took
place. This part of the findings Is ap
proved by the War Department. The sec
ond part of the findings declared that al
though Major Hunter, who made the
first Investigation, was unfriendly to Ma
"jor Howze the Investigation was fairand
impartial so far as it extended. The de
partment disapproves this portion of the
findings "as contradictory in terms and
unwarranted by the evidence elicited by
the board during the progress of its in
vestigation." : ..
The whole matter was the subject of
exhaustive .investigation and report some
months ago, and on account. of the con
flicting testimony Secretary Root con
vened a board which met at Laoag, P. I.,
on July 14, and before which both Howze
and Hunter, appeared.
LOS AXGEI.ES. Oct. 30.— Frank Free
man was sentenced to-day to one year in
San Quentln for levying blackmail under
unusual circumstances. He was charged
with extorting money and valuables
from Fred E. Watts October 14, to which
charge he pleaded guilty.
. On the evening of October 14 Watts
and a young woman companion were oc
cupying a bench in Westlake Park, when
Freeman approached them armed with,
an electric pocket lantern, which he
turned upon them. He informed the
couple that they would have to accom
pany him to the police station, as he was
an officer and they were violating* park
regulations. Watts expostulated in vain,
and finally gave the man his gold watch
in lieu of the $20 which Freeman de
manded as hush money. Watts com
plained to the police and Freeman's ar
rest followed.
Frank Freeman, Arrested in Los Am
geles, Pleads Guilty and Receives
Light Sentence.
BLACKMAILER IS SENT
TO SAN QtTENTIN PRISON
Annual Skull and Keys
Initiation Lacking in !
Major Robert L. Howze
Exonerated by Court
Martial
TACOMA, Wash.. Oct. 30.— High-priced
wheat Is enabling hundreds of farmers in
Eastern Washington and Oregon to pay
off mortgages this fall. At Pendleton one
day this week releases of 171 mortgages,
representing $256,000, were filed with tha
County Recorder by the Pendleton Sav
ings Bank. Most of r them were held
against farmers and stockmen. Thl3 Is
the largest number of. satisfactions filed
at any county seat In. one day for many
years.
Washington Farmers Prosperous.
NEOPHYTES DO
TRITE "STUNTS"
CRUELTY CHARGE
IS DISPROVED
With Its capital exhausted, however,
the company is bt-ing regarded as rather
doub'tful by the Mexican people, who are
now anxiously awaiting news from abroad
coricernmg the success of Stllwell's finan
cial ventures there.
''The. Stilwell syndicate started out by
purchasing 125 miles of right of way be
longing to the Chihuahua and Pacific
Railroad, which is owned and operated
t>y .an Eastern company. Then abtut
twenty-five miles of track were laid east
ward-from Chihuahua and the depot.? and
parr of the Chihuahua and Pacific tracks
vver.e rented for temporary terminal pur
£>ot4-s. The plans were to build the road
between Kansas City and Chihuahua
first. • From the latter city to Topolobam
po it was purposed to build as nearly as
possible on a straight line, starting con
struction work at both ends. The 125 miles
of ,*febt of way purchased from the Chi
huahua and Pac'tic formed part of this
route to the west and it was mainly nlor.g
this* portion of the roa'd that Stilwell and
his 'railroad associates denounced all
kinds of .mineral properties with the evi
<tent purpose of strengthening their claim
tyiat'the road carried with it rich assets
besides its lines of tracks.
WOBKING WITH VIGOR.
From tlm<? to time the United States
was' furnished with glowing reports of
the progress being made in the construc
tioB of the Kansas City, Mexican and
Orient road, and up to a few months ago
the f>eople of this country had reason to
believe that the road was being built as
last as the material could be obtained
fr<tm the overworked mills in the East.
Suddenly, however, reports began to be
received here that work had slackened
down", and then came the news that Stil
well had gone to Europe. The news from
Mexico is to the effect that his visit to
the other side is for the purpose of secur
ing, more capital to replenish depleted
coffers. Meanwhile it is said that the
workmen have not be^n paid by the con
tractors for . the reason that the latter
ha>e"not been reimbursed under the con
ditions of their contracts.
One of the first moves made by Stil
well was' to erase the name Topolobampo
from the map and substitute it with that
Of. Port Stilwell. To this change Presi
dent Diaz interposed a prompt objection,
explained to the enterprising Stilwell
that 'while the Mexican Government had
no ¦ Objection to Americans adding . new
names to the map of the republic, the
latter would not permit its old Spanish
navies to be abolished.
Tbe proposition to build a road from
Kansas City to the Mexican coast by way
of Chihuahua when first announced sev
eral years ae-o attracted considerable at
tention in this country as well as the
Southern republic, for ft was regarded as
an enterprise that would result in the
tspenlng of a large and valuable mining
aistrict of Mexico and furnish eventually
i. new and interesting route for passen
ger traffic between the . two countries.
Stilwell obtained a small amount of capi
tal, for the undertaking in Kansas City
and a larger sum In Holland and England
trith which he began his preliminary work
.for the construction of the road. From
the Mexican Government he obtained a
number of concessions and it was not
long before the announcement was made
that rails were being shipped to the pro
posed western terminus of the line, along
which were supposed to lie valuable gold
and copper properties, some of them be
longing to the Stilwell people.
••"• -¦ CHANGES NAME.
.Private advices received In this city
from Mexico state that the opinion exists
la the Northern States of the Republic
that the plans for the construction 'of
whKt is known as the Kansas City, Mexi
co and Orient road, a project promoted
by E. A. Stilwell of Kansas City and de
signed to connect the latter city with To
polobampo, on the Gulf of California
Coast,' is not going to mature.
If the- report is true the contractors
who' have been building the few miles of
rosd westward from Chihuahua, Mexico,
have not been paid and the company Is
long overdue Jn its rental for a portion of
*he tracks and depots of the Chihuahua
<ind Pacific Railroad and is falling behind
in its various other undertakings which
were consjdered part of the Stilwell en
terprise.
PHILADELPHIA
HAS BIG FIRE
It fa announced that the Santa Fe, sys
tem will erect two depots in the mission
style of architecture, one at the corner
of Fortieth street and San Pablo avenue,
for Oakland, and the other at the cross
ing of University avenue and the Santa
Fe extension in Berkeley. The Oakland
depot will cost $15,000, and the Berkeley
depot will cost just half that sum. The
sites have already bern secured and work
will begin at once.
• i .:.:..t..;,. ; .. : .. ; .. i , h .. h .. i .. i .. i .. i .. :<>h .
The plan is that three main line electric
trains will diverge from Emeryville— one
to Berkeley, one to Piedmont and one
down San Pablo avenue to Oakland.
Owing to the fact that the track to Pied
mont is not complete and that there are
not cars enough to operate either this line
or the San Pablo, avenue line, the new
6jstem has been compelled to begin its
operations with the Berkeley line alone.
It Is expected that the cars for the San
Pablo avenue' lin© will arrive soon, and
until they do a single car will leave the
corner of Fourteenth street and Broad
way every hour. In time to connect with
the boat at the end of the Emeryville pier.
The Piedmont line Is being pushed as
rapidly as possible, and on Sunday next
it will be put in operation as far as Tele
graph avenue. It will be nearly December
1 before it is put in operation through to
Piedmont.
The next main line electric train to be
established will be that on San 'Pablo ave
nue. It will leave the corner of Four
teenth street and Broadway in time to
make stops at Twenty-first, Twenty-sev.
enth and Thirty-fourth streets, and will
then run straight down the long pier
without stopping at the junction at For
tieth street. This will be the run to give
rapid transit to the center of Oakland,
where the new ferry system will be In
close competition with the old ferry lines.
The Oakland Transit Company, which Is
the street car system of the new ferry
route, announces that It will operate its
Telegraph avenue line through to North
Berkeley, instead of stopping at Berkeley
station.
The new "key route" ferry system from
Emeryville is extending its lines very
slowly,, but it is expected that by Decem
ber everything will be in complete opera
tion. Meanwhile the new ferry will de
pend upon transient travel and single trip
tickets for its support, The regular com
mutation tickets will not be placed on sale
until December.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 29.
Miss Mathews was considerably bruised
and was suffering from a strained arm.
but otherwise was unhurt. The little,
girls were not hurt seriously.
Dr. J. L. Milton, wljo happened to be
in the vicinity and saw the occurrence,
hastened to the scene of the accident and
made a hasty examination to see If any
of them were hurt and then took them to
their home-. -;-a . -¦•<
Rearing and plunging among a number
of vehicles, a horse driven, by Miss Mary
Mathews overturned a phaeton on San
Pablo avenue this evening and threw tha
driver and Misses Bessie and Irene Ma
her out Into the street. But for the> pres
ence of mind of T. C. Connell, a pas
senger on a passing car. who jumped and
caught the horse, all would probably have
been dragged to death. As it was the
yuong ladies escaped with a few bruises.
Miss Mathews was driving from Oak
land to her home at Fortieth street and
San Pablo avenue and had with her th«
two little daughters of Dr. J. Maher, her
neices, aged 9 and 12 years respectively.
They had reached where the new electric
train crosses the road and where a num
ber of other vehicles were waiting tha
passing of the train. The horse becamo
impatient and began to rear and plungo
and finally backed the phaeton Into an
other rig and upset it. The young ladles
were tangled in the overturned phaeton
and Mr. Cennell jumped from a passing
car and caught the animal by the- bit and
succeeded in qiueting It and allowed tha
frightened occupants to extricate them
selves.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Oct. 30.
Several accident cases were treated at
the Receiving Hospital . to-day. Louis
Elke, a tinsmith's ¦ apprentice, was
brought In this afternoon with a broken
jaw. A horse had kicked him and caused
such^a fracture that his face had to be
put In a plaster of parts cast, and this
will necessitate his taking nourishment
through a tube for, some. time. ,
Felix Filippini, a worker in a macaroni
factoryat 513 Fifth street, unfortunately
caught his leg In some of the machinery
this afternoon and it was drawn in until
the bones were broken In four places.
Fortunately the machinery stopped owing
to, the obstruction, or he would have met
a horrible death. He was taken to the
hospital, where all was done to put him
on" the way to recovery, but It Is feared
that the leg will have to be amputated.
Thomas McLean, an employe of the Cal
ifornia Gas Company, narrowly escaped
with his life from an explosion of gas
that occurred at the works of the com
pany at the foot of Castro street. Gas
collected In the furnace, exploded and
blew off one : of; the iron doors, which
struck McLean on the forehead. He \. is
knocked down and sustained an ugly gash
In the head. The. wound required consid
erable stitching. Seemingly he suffered
no further ill effects from his experience.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Oct. 30.
Louis- E ike, Felix Filippini
and Thomas McLean Vic
tims of Accident.
¦Head of Undertaking Is in
Europe Looking for
• -• " Needed Cash.
Santa Fe System to Con
struct Depots in Oakland
and Berkeley.
With Children of Dr. J.
Maher, She Is Rescued
by T. O. Oonnell.
Lack of Cars and Ma
terial Causes Delay
on Key Route.
Work : Stops on Pro
''- posed Road From
Kansas to Coast. •
Fractious Horse Upsets
Carriage of Miss
Mathews.
Boy Will Be Unable to
-Eat or Talk for
Some Time.
MAY HOT BUILD
STILWELL LINE
EXTEND FERRY
SERVICE SLOWLY
JAW IS BROKEN
BY HORSE'S HOOF
WOMEN HAVE
NARROW ESCAPE
TRAINED VOICES WILL RING
IN GLAD SERVICE OF PRAISE
Delightful Programme That Will Be) Enjoyed Sunday
Evening by the Congregation of the English Lutheran
Church Is Prepared by GhoirmasterJ. C. Walling
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1903.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
soap responds to water in-
stantly; washes and rinses
off- in a twinkling. -
It is the finest toilet soap
in all the world.
Established over ioo years. ¦
QOX,T> CBOW3T8 AT COST. ¦
22 K. crowns, serviceable and artistic; piar-
anteed not, to tarnish or come off. Pivot te«tt»
which cannot b* detected from the 'natural.
Crowded and twisted teeth regulated free. * ¦ Ex-
traction . free. Cleaning free. Painless meth-
ods. Graduates only. Twenty years 1 -guaran-
tee.- ¦ , .->¦-¦ : ¦. : - •.,-•--
Week Days. 8,to 9; Sundays," 9 to 1: ¦
POST-GRADUATE '¦ DENTAi. ' COXA3CMI
San Prancisco— 3 Taylor Street. r
Oakland — 973 Washington Stre**.
San Jose— 45 E. Santa Clara Str««fc jCarpets : Revealed.
Pattosien tells . the ¦¦ story - of <; carpets.
It's worth "remembering— something f to
know— page 9. •
Mow Says Death Was Accidental.
NEW YORK. Oct. SO.— The death last
night of Mrs. Beatrice Sire, wife of Al
bert Eire of the well known theatrical
family, w^ub accidental, according to Coro
nrr Jaclarfin, who said to-day that Mrs.
Sire died of carbolic acid poison, having
mistaken the acid for a rose water mix
ture used for some throat trouble.
Passengers and Crew Saved.
NEW YORK, Oct. SO.— The schooner S.
C. Bartlett. which sailed from St. Vin
cent, Cape Verde Islands. September 29
for New Bedford, Mass., is ashore at
Zachs Bar. on the south shore of Long
Island. The captain and crew of twelve
men and ten passengers were landed in a
6urf boat by the life-saving crew.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 30.— One man,
Harry McWilllams, was burned to death
arid five others severely injured to-day
during a fire that destroyed the large
grain elevator of the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company and the four-story
rolling mill of Woodward & Co. Loss es
timated at more than $200,000.
One Killed, Five Badly Burned.
This is the last day this week to take
advantage of the opportunity of buying
a range cheap from San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415 Post street. •
NEW YORK. Oct. 30.— Arrangements
fof the weddlnff of Miss May Goelet to
the Duke of Roxburghe are almost com
pleted and it has been decided that the
ceremony shall occur In this city at St.
Thomas Church November 10. It will be
an afternoon wedding, attended by little
display, and there will not be more than
200 guests, owing to the recent bereave
njent in the Goelet family.
Wedding Which Will Occur in
New York.
Date Is Fixed for Groelet-RoxbuTghe
WILL BECOME A DUCHESS
ON TENTH OF NOVEMBER
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— Grand Duke Cy
ril of Russia, accompanied by the di
vorced Grand Duchess of Hesse, has had
a narrow escape from injury In a col
lision at Krunfeld between his automo
bile and the carriage of Baron Dungern.
says a Herald dispatch from Frankfort
on-Ma!n. The Baron's coachman was
thrown off the box and badly hurt. The
horses ran away.
Prince Cyril's Automobile Collides
With Baron Dungern's Carriage
and Coachman Is Hurt.
RUSSIAN GRAND DUKE
NARROWLY ESCAPES DEATH
The ¦ exhibition of photographs will ; be
open to the [public this, evening 'from 8 to
10 .o'clock^ and ' the members ; of { the asso-;
elation will then adjourn to Elka' Hall on
Sutter street to en joy. a, banquet. } r
I BALTIMORE, Oct. 30.— At to-day's ses
sion of the Women's Foreign Missionary
Society of the Methodist Episcopal
Church Mrs. J. H. Knowles read the re
port of the New York branch, which some
time ago launched the project of Import-
Ing tea from India and devoting the pro
ceeds to branch headquarters, a project
that never proved successful.
Mrs. G. W. Smythe of California was
appointed a member of the committee on
resolutions.
Stanford Studio, San Francisco: Elite . Studio,
San Francisco; Jacob Fowzer, San Francisco-
W. J. Carruthers. San Jose; F. A. Webster.
Oakland; Louis Thors, San Francisco; Otto H.
Boye, San Francisco; Bushnell Studio, San
Francisco; Imperial Studio, San . Francisco;
George Hatenlcht, | San Francisco; Taber Stu
dio, San Francisco; Vaughan & Keith. San
FrancUco: association exhibit of Pacific North
west: Braas, Seattle, Wash.; Cronlst, Salem,
Or-.; Hofteader, Portland. Or.; Myers, Seattle,
Wash.; Moore, Portland, Or.; Lynn Seattle
Wash.; Stamper, Boise, Idaho; Butterworth,
Portland, Or.; Lory sa, Spokane, Wash.; Jack
son, Tacoma, Wash.; Aune, Portland, Or.;
Tollman, Vancouver. B. C. ; Slelser. Vancouver
B. C; Strong. Portland. Or.; Clevenger. Grants
Pass, Or.; Mary Carnell, Philadelphia, Pa.;
Georg-e Kdmondson, Cleveland, Ohio; Huntlne
ton & Moore, Detroit, Mich. ; . Knaf ii Bros.,
Knoxvllle,. Tenn. ; Cole & Holladay, Durham
N. C. ; . J. Will , Kelmer, Hazelton. Pa. ; J E.
Griffin. Wheeling, W. Va.; Dudley Hoyt, Roch
ester. N. Y. ; Parrott, Fort . . Wayne, Ind. ;
Schriever, Scranton, Pa.; Frank Medlar,
Spencer, Iowa: Pike Studio, Indianapolis. Ind.;
William Morrison. Chicago. 111.; E. B. Core,
New 'York, N. Y. ; Brenner. Cincinnati. Ohio;
Sweet Studio. Minneapolis, Minn.; W. Heuer
mann. New York, N; Y.; J. A. Brush. Minne
apolis. Minn.: J; Zwelfel. Dayton. Ohio; A. T.
Proctor, Huntington, -W. Va. ; ¦ Johnstone.
Hartford, Conn. ; E. Goldenskl. Philadelphia,
Pa.; HooklnB, Denver. • Colo.; Dudley Hoyt.
Rochester. N. Y. ; F. J. Feldman. El Paso,
Tex. ; Van Deventor, Decatur, 111. ; Koehne,
Chicago, 111.; "W. L. Smith. Saginaw. Mich.;
J. E. Rosch, St. Louis. Mo. ; Bateham, J Nor
walk." Ohio; ,Garo, Boston. Mass.; Will Arm
strong 1 . Boston. Mass. ; Charles Hearn, ¦ Boston,
Mass.; Partridge. Boston. Mass.; Godfrey. Chi
cago, III.; Cook. Elkhart. Ind. ; Moses & Son,
New Orleans. La. :. Suellman. Mich. ;
Bowersox, Dayton, Ohio; George B. Sperry,
Toledo. Ohio; Dozer, Bucyrus. Ohio; Stephen
son Atlanta,- Ga. ; ' Parluson, Boston, Mass.;
Conly Studio, Sablne; Strauss. St. Louis, Mo.;
Ltfskey. Brooklyn, . N; Y.; Colo & Holladay,
Durham. N. C: Feldman. El Paso. Tex.; 3a I*
Stein, Milwaukee, Wis.; HlggUia & Howland,
Fresno. Cal. : : Mojouler, Los Angeles, Cal. ; I O.
V. Lange, Berkeley. Cal. ; Frank - Schumacher,
Los Angeles. Cal.: L. George Thompson, Pasa
dena, Cal.: George Steckel, Los Angeles, Cal.:
Miss May Waldron. Mnrysvllle, Cal. ; Rice &
Perkins. Honolulu. T.H.; W. L. Kline. Red
wood City. Cal.: A. Gartley, Honolulu. T. H.;
F. - V. Adams, San Jose. Cal. : . G. W. Potter,
Placervllle, Cal. : J. W. Souther, ' San Fran
cisco: Dore Studio. San Francisco; Blauert &
Wldder, San Francisco; Hana Robinson,
Berkeley. Cal.; George ii* Wllcox, - San" Fran
cisco: Charles Weldner. San Francisco;,Knud
sen & D' EM tel. San Francisco: W. J. Street.
San • Francisco: D." " Sewell. San Francisco;
George Kelly. San Francisco; J. TX Glvens,
San Francisco.' "¦ : ' ' _ • .
' Manufacturers and dealers — Stuparlch Manu
facturing Company, Kirk. Geary & Co.. Hlrsch
& Kaiser. Rotograph • Company.* Defender Pa
per Company. American Aristotype Company,
Eastman Kodak Company. Cramer, Dry Plate
Company. Seed Dry Plate . Company, T. P.
Andrews. H. J. ShlUcock. Goertz Lens Com
pany. , Dortlcus . Manufacturing-Company,
Volgtlaender &Sons, Lusterlne Company.
The convention will terminate with to
day's proceedings. There will be a demon-'
stration: this morning of ; the use of "De
fender printing: . papers," an - art s lecture
and criticism of . . pictures by ; John . M.
Gamble and . a "¦ demonstration '¦¦ of ; posing
and lighting under the skylight. \
' At the afternoon session there will be
a "practical : talk .by,' prominent photo
graphers."- a. ."question box" and ., the
award ; of .the . silver cup . f or the contest
of • foreign exhibits ; of * photographs. . ¦
Importing Fragrant Herb From In
dia Does Not Help Society
:-V /Xj Financially.
MISSIONARIES ..DO .. NOT ;
SUCCEED AS TEA DEALERS
DES MOINES, Iowa, Oct. 30.— While
dynamiting the river for the body of Miss
Lily Cole, who committed suicide, the
police not only brought up the body of the
girl, but that of a man. The body of the
man Is believed to be that of a wealthy
stock man named Jones, who disappeared
Borne time ago and who was thought to
have been murdered for his money. The
skull was crushed.
Search for Remains of Iowa GiTl" Re
sults i- Revealing a Possible
Murder.
RECOVER TWO BODIES
WHERE THEY SOUGHT ONE
'"T. C. Murray. B*n - Francisco; Edward
Rodgers, San Francisco; George V.\ Robinson,
Kan Francisco: O. F. Lussler, San Francisco;
G. W. Haley, San Francisco; The Towers Com
pany, professional printers. \ San '. 1 Francisco;
Charles ¦ F. Kohler, San -Francisco; »'E. .-Ellis
Pollock. San Francisco; R. P.. Whlgham, San
Francisco; ' P.' F. Dana, San Francisco: C. • F.
Priest.' San,Fra.nc!Fco: a A.'P."Hni. San Jose;
R. Ellis Wajes,- San- Francisco: rJ; M, Lenz,
San Francisco; H. Tonkin, Bon Francisco;
The exhibition of. photographs and pic
tures in the art gallery of the Mechanics'
Pavilion was again 'thrown;' open to the
public last evening- and a large number, of
ladles and gentlemen r enjoyed the artistic
collection displayed on the walls. .
The list of exhibitors of Calif ornia . and 1
those , from * other points in, the: United
States is as follows: .
In the evening the members of the as
sociation visited Fischer's Theater . and
enjoyed . the programme of fun provided. >
CAMERA CRAPTSMEN" EXHIBIT.
Louis Thors. Colonel Taber. O. H. Boye,
Joseph F. Mullender; George F. Kelly, po
lice photographer, and Lawrence F. Ter.
kelson of the Bushnell gallery provided a
feast of entertainment for the guests. . :
Every photographic studio In: San "Fran
cisco was closed yesterday and the em
ployes were Invited to partake of the
pleasure of the bay excursion and they
responded with a good will.
Captain Leale of the Caroline took his
passengers along the water front and
gave them an opportunity of seeing the
docks, the Union Iron Wprks and the
Spreckels Sugar Refinery. Then the ves
sel was headed toward the Golden Gate
and the .fun commenced. Hats were sent
flying overboard by the blasts of wind
and a number of the ladies succumbed
to the rolling of the vessel. A bounteous
supply of refreshments had been supplied
for the visitors and those* who were not
overcome by the waves had a pleasant
time. Alcatraz and Angel islands, Tib
uron and Sausali to were Inspected and the
return trip was made along • the : water
front from Meiggs wharf to the Jackson-
Btreet wharf. A large number of photo
graphs were taken en route and the
weather was ideal for the work of the
camera. . \
At 1 p. m. yesterday the members of the
association with their friends, to the num
ber of about two hundred, boarded the
steamer Caroline for a trip around the
bay. It is no exaggeraton to say that the
points of Interest around the harbor had
never before been so frequently "shot."
There were enough cameras and kodaks
aboard the Caroline to stock a good-sized
store and the 'photographers gave them
selves up to a thoroughly pleasant after
noon.
TAKE TRIP AROUND BAY.
Shades of all colors were produced in th e
photographic prints and delicate tints
were exhibited as the result of the demon-
Etrations. The members of the association
asked many questions of the demonstra
tor and the technical queries were an
swered in a satisfactory manner. Owing
to the plans of the convention commit
tee calling for an excursion on the bay
the demonstration of the use of rotograph
bromide printing papers was postponed
until this morning.
Time is an important element with the
gentlemen who manipulate the camera
and following this proverb the members
of the association were promptly on hand
when the second day of the convention's
proceedings commenced yesterday morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the art gallery of the
Mechanics' Pavilion.
The morning session was devoted to
demonstrations of the use of -American
Aristo printing papers by Ira H. Latour.
Dozens of photographs were taken and
the negatives were quickly developed.
Then the negatives were used with various
grade of the Aristo paper and the re
sults were declared by experts to be thor
oughly artistic. i - . ¦'->
PLEASURE and business were
combined yesterday by the mem
bers of the Photographers' Asso
ciation of California, now in this
city, for its first ' annual conven
tion. . 5 : ;;: " '
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE PHOTOGRAPHERS' ASSOCIATION OF CALIFORNIA WHO TOOK THE PRE
LIMINARY STEPS IN FORMATION OF THE ORGANIZATION AND WHO ARE IMPORTANT FACTORS IN
THE SUCCESS OF THE CONVENTION WHICH WILL HOLD ITS FINAL SESSION TO-DAY. "
Governor Toole said nothing had yet
been 1 outlined and no plans had been ar
' ranged.
Sehator Clark later called on Governor
Toole and the Senator then drove the
Governor to his home. A committee from
the Butte Business Men's Association
called on the Senator at his home and
requested that a time be set for a con-
with the committee en mediation.
After" a short stay the committee went
. io :Senator Ciark's office In the Miner
"^ul'dJng- and immediately got down to
•business. The committee remained in ses
sion all afternoon in secret conference
•"and nothing was given out. At 5 o'clock
' -the committee took a recess and at 7
-o'clock t.he party were the guests of Sen
ator Clark at dinner. In the meantime
'.Mr. Heinze was invited to meet with the
"committee at S:30. As far as known Pres
ident Scallon of the Anaconda Company
'had not yet met the committee
• It. was Etated that President Hill ex
pected to go East to-morrow. The com
mittee of fifteen named at the mass
'.me*ting held at the Auditorium Thurs
day . night under the auspices of the
Trades and Labor Assembly will prob
ably meet Governor Toole somo time to
"racrrow. The committee will ask Mon
tana's chief executive to call an extra
Eession of the Legislature for the purpose
pf considering needed legislation. A sub
" committee will see the Governor to-mor
row, when a final appointment Is ex
pected to be made for the meeting: with
•the general committee.
. To a representative of the Associated
Press Senator Clark said nothing beyond
the fact that the committee had organized
by" electing Mr. Hill chairman of the com
mittee had been accomplished. The situa
tion had been discussed informally and
the committee wanted to have a talk with
3Jr-. Heinze to see what could be done in
fixing' up matters.
Senator Clark said there was nothing
to give out for publication at the present
lime, as the committee had not decided
es yet on any plan of procedure.
. Ttrere were all sorts of rumors afloat, but
pone of them had any foundation in fact.
There' were rumors that Governor Toole
had. decided to call an extra session of
vhe -Legislature, but this was only street
tajk.
Senator Gibson favored a plan to have
the -mines start up at once on the proviso
that r.o receiver should be appointed pend
ing • the determination of the Injunction
by the Supreme Court: that the Legis
lature should enact a law, in special ses.-
Ei'on. legalizing the existence of the
Amalgamated Company.
.Of course these are only street rumors
and nothing authentic has come from the
committee. . It was not expected that any
thing official would t»e announced until
a late hour.
• The m-embers of the committee were
tbe "ruests of Senator Clark and they
lunched and dined at his home. At 9
o'clock this evening P. Augustus Heinze
called at Senator Clark's house by invita
tion and met the members of the commit
ted. There was a cordial hanCshakine all
aro.ifnd. The gentlemen or the committee
wene etill sitting at the table when Mr.
•Heinle called and when he was announced
the dinner party broke up and all came
b'u-t .to meet him.
• 'The .men composing: the committee are
.E^ioatpr W. A. Clark, President J. J. Hill
of the Great Northern Railway, Governor
J. D. Toole and Senator Paris Gibson
and Congressman Dixon. All the mem
bers . except Congressman Dixon were
rwesent-
J3UTTE. Mont. Oct. 30.— Four members
cf the committee on mediation, who, upon
the invitation of the Chamber of Com
merce of Great Falls, agreed to meet to
s«e what could be done toward arriving
fit some solution of the Butte shutdown
situation, met in Butte to-dav.
7£on±ana*s Chief Executive, Governor
Tbole, Will Be Asked to Call an
Extra Session of the
- * Legislature.
Senator Gibson Favors Plan
• for Starting the Mines
at Oace.
Members Meet Heipze,
- but Arrive at No
Conclusion.
Second Day of Annual State Convention Is Devoted to
Exchange of. Views and Pleasurable Trip Around
Bay of San Francisco k and Theater Party in Evening
MEDIATION
COMMITTEE
IS AR BUTTE
Vancouver's History of
Voyage Leads to
Decision.
Members of Alaskan Boun
dary Commission Arrive
at New York.
former Senator Turner of Washington,
another member of the tribunal, was not
willing to discuss how the agreement
came to be reached, but he admitted that
the decision Kivinsr two islands in the
Portland Canal to: the United Stafes was
based on Vancouver's narrative of his
voyage of exploitation. The question
hinged on whether he had called the wa
ter to the south of the islands the chan
nel, or whether he had gone to the
north of them. It was found that he
would have gone from the entrance into
a point of land above the islands some
time. To do this it was figured that
he entered the broad channel, followed
it up and turned In between two islands.
This led the commissioners to decide that
the two islands lying near the mouth of
the canal and opposite Port Simpson be
longed to the United States.
Mr. 'Turner admitted that this was true.
Speaking of these two islands, he said:
"The islands are of very little value to
us, except from a strategical standpoint.
I. believe that the new transcontinental
railroad which is to be built north of the
Canadian Pacific will have Port Simpson
for its terminal. This makes the islands
of importance to Canada."
Touching a report that it is charged
(hat Lord Alverstone had been practically
won over by kindness, the ex-Senator said
he did not think such a thing could be.
"The question to be settled," said he,
"was one of right under the international
law, and Lord Alverstone, who is an ac
tive Jurist settled the case on Its merits."
Mr. Turner regarded it as fortunate that
the commission was able to agree and he
considered it a step forward in the set
tlement of all future disputes.
, NEW YORK,* Oct. 30.-On account of
his official connection with the Alaskan
Boundary Tribunal, Senator Lodge of
Massachusetts declined to discuss the
award of, the tribunal on his arrival here
to-day by the steamer Cedric. Senator
Lodge said the members of the tribunal
had been very handsomely treated | while
in- London. He refused to say anything
about tjie attitude of the Canadian com
missioners in refusing to sign the award.
.Joseph Pope, representative of the Ca
nadian Government and one of the assist
ants of the tribunal, who was also on
the Cedric, said that the award was of
course disappointing from the Canadian
point of view,' but offered no further com
ment, appearing anxious, however, to as
certain how the decision'' had been re
ceived in Canada.
. DUBUQUE, Iowa, Oct. 30.— The charred
bones of Justus Harwlgr, a prominent citi
zen of Dubuque, were found in the ashes
of a barrel near Volga City to-day. The
skull had been fractured. It is believed
that Harwie was murdered.
May Have Been Murdered.
HONOLULU. Oct. 30.— The men engaged
In trying to save the wreck of the French
bark Connetablei de Rlchemont, which
struck a rock on « the Frigate Frerfch
.Shoals October 10, report that the vessel
j has capsized' and will be a total loss. ' -
Wrecked French. Bark Capsizes.
EXPLORERS TALE
GUIDES TRIBUNAL
PHOTOGRAPHERS COMBINE
BUSINESS WITH PLEASURE
THE SAN, FBAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: 'lB- Conv^descence ' '";}
W^^ Recovery is hastened, health
1 ; JplI res tored and vitality renewed by
Jf ;^8S the use of
perfect malt tonic. A food
'W^^^Wt^ liquid form. It quickly builds
and tissue.
KV^fel^S^J ' arn 22ista sell it. Prepared by the
P^^^^^ Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
TBE MEY CAIL, $1 per Year
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most bear
lac-simile ' Signature_of /I&^pg&^zg
j^^^^^ Absolutely Cure^^^l 1 D Bnl&
« SICK HEADACHE. K^] || \f E
7m®r\r torpid liver. ||gj ¦ ™ L i%
MJmB FURRED TONGUE.g^ B*vH ¦ n *f%
tWWfl &% INDIGESTION. |Srf Hs»^ H 1L!!
'li uf constipatiqn MM
SALLOW SKIN. ¦P^^^*^™ | f''»^nisflllliMI IIJ1IEI
¦ B % H Xv" ' C — 1 Sm«H PHI.
Thn TOUCH a. L I V E R -S tZ.
Genuine Wrapper Printed on 4 T
RED PAPEB^ A r5r«t. E L T^. s .~/^^^^Wi'
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains U»*s ami are duo tu arrive at
SAN FKANC13CO.
(Mala Line. Foot of Market Street >
uati — FaoM OcTon»a»l. laos. — aaaiv
7.00*. Benleia, Sulaaa. Klmtra nod 8»era- "
meato 7-2Sp
7.00a VscsTllle. Winters. Rumsey. 7.6ir
7.30a lianinez. 9«a Ramon, vallejo.
N apa. Caiistoea, Santa l*.o«a 8 25?
7.30a NUes. LlTermore, Tracy, Lathrop.
Stockton 7.25?
800* IHTla. Woodland. KnlRuts Landing.
MarynTUle. OroTille 7 -5§ p
800a Atlantic Expres»— Oidemad Kmi. 10-2Sa
8. 10a Port Costs, Martinez. Antloeh. Oy-
ron.Tracy,Stockton,aacrameBto.
Newman, Los Banos. Mendota,
Armona. Lemoore, llaafurd,
Vlsttlla. Portervtlle A3A»
8 30a Port Costn, Martinez. Tracy, Lath-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Fresnev
Ooshen Junction, Lemoore. Uaa-
ford. VUalla. Dalcerstteld 4 55?
83&a Shasta Express— D«t1s. Wtlllai.it ¦<;.,
<for BanJett 8prlngs). Wtllowa,
tFr'uto. Ked Bluff. Portland 7.85?
8.30a Kile*. Saa Joae, Ltrermore. Stock-
tOD.Ione.Sacramento.Placerrtlla,
Marysvllle. Cotco. Red Bluff i 425?
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So- . ¦
norn. Tuolumne and Angels i 425?
9.00a Marlines and Way Stations. «?-5§ p
1000a Vallejo™ 14^f»
10.00a Kl Paao PaaaenBtT. Eastbonnd.— \
Port Costa. Martinez. Byvoa. ' .
Tracy, Lathrop. Stock to-n,
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, 11 aa-
ford. Vlsalia, Bakerineld. Los
Angeles and £1 Paso. (West-
bound arrives via Coast Line)... «i.30r
1000a Tbe Overland Limited — Ogdea.
Denver. Omaha. Chteago. 6.25?
12 00m Hayward. Nlles and Way SUtlons. .3-25f
tl-00? Sacramento River Steamer*. til. 00?
330? Benlcia, Winters. Sacramento. • . * \~
Woodland. Knights Landing,
MarysTlUe. Oroyllle and way •
sutions 'S?? 4
3 ZQr Hayward. Nlles and Way SUtlons.. 7 65?
3. 30? Port Coats, MarUnez, Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop. Modesto,
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12-25P
3 30? Martinez, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl..*. 10 25*
4 00? Martinez.San lUmon.ValleJo.Xapa,
Callstojta. Santa Ro«a. * 9 25a
4 00? Nllea. Tracy. StocScton. Lodi 4.25?
430? Hayward. Nlles. Irvt&gton. San » t8.S5*
Jose. LITermore | tli.55*.
5 00? The Owl Limited— Newman, Los
llanos. Mendota. Fresno. Talsre.
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 3-55a
ECO? Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12-25?
t& 30? llajward. Nlles and San Jose 7.25a
6C0? Hayward. Nlles and San Jose. 1025a
t.CO? Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver, i
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Bcnlcla, Sul-
sun, Elmlra, Davis. Sacramento,
Rocklln. Auburn, Colfas,
Trackee. Boca, Kent, Wads*
worth. Wlnnemucca. Battle
Mountain. Elko 4W?
COD? Vallejo, daily, except Sunday I T bk»
7 00* Vallejo. Sunday only f /oor
7.00? 8an Pablo, Port Cosu, Marlines
sod Way Sutions. 11.25a
£ C5? Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysville. Redding.
Purtiaad, Paget Sound and East. 8-55*.
S.10? Hay ward, Nlles and Saa Jose (3nn-
daronly). 11.88a,
COAST LINE (harrow «a«M).
(Foot of Market Street.)
b15A Newark, Centervllle. San Jos«.
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
Crnz andWay SUtlons 6.83'
rl.15? Newark. Centervllle, San Jose.
New Almaden. Los O»to». Felton.
Boolder CTeek, Santa Crus and
Principal Way SUtlons 1048a
4 15? Newark, Baa Jose, Los Gatos and
way stations tS.SS*
-'1 33p Hunters Trala. Satnrday only. Ban
Jone and Way Sutions. Sunday
only returns from Loa Gatos J7 25?
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
r roni SAN * RAN CISCO. Foot of Market St. (3Up»
-fl:13 »:00 11:u0a.». 100 3.00 5.1S?.M.
rrom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t*:0O JSiM -
13:05 > 10: 00 a.m. 12-00 200 408 TM.
COAST LINE (Urea* -am.).
QT" (Thlra and" Townaend Streets.) _^
8.10a Saa Jose aad Way SUtlons. • 30r
7 00a San Jose and Way SUtlons 5 38?
800 a New Almaden (Tees.. Frtd., only). 4-1P~
800a CoastLlne Limited— Stopsonly Saa
Jose, Gilroy (connection for Hol-
llster). Pajaro. CastrovUls. Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Paso Roblea.
8anUMargartta,San Lnls Oblspo.
Principal stations thence Sort
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal sutions thence SanU Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at CaatrovlUa to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grove..... 1945*
9.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos. Capltola,
SanuCrnx.Paciac Grove.Saliaaa,
San Lais Oblspo and Principal ***?«
Way Station* 4.10s>
10.30a San Jose and Way Stattont. 1.20V
1140a Santa Clara. San Jose, Los Gatos
and Way Buttons v 7.30r>
1.30? San Jose and Way BUUons I-33a
i.COr Psclflc Grove Express— SantaClara
S»n Jose. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at SanU
, Clara for Saau Cruz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gangs Polnu) y
at Gilroy for Holllster, Trea
Plnos. at Castroville for Salinas. 12.18s>
3JJ? Gilroy Way Passenger 510 45a
14 45? San Jose, (via SanU Clara) Los
Gatos, and Principal Way Bu-
ttons (except Sunday) *9-23i
' !5-30? Ban Jose and Principal Way SUtlons 18.00 a
6-CQr Sunset Limited. •Eastbooad. — Saa
Lnls Oblspo. Sanu Barbara, Loa
Angeles. Deming-. El Paso, New
Orleans. New Tori. (Westbound
arrives via San Josqnla Valley)... *9 25a
ts.15r 6anMateo,Bere(fOTd,Belmont,8an
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS-48*
6.30r SaOjJoae and Way Station*. B.30A
11 .30? South Saa Francisco, MUlbrae, Bur-
llngame. Saa Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9.48>
•11-307 Mayfleld. Mountain View, Sunny-
vale, Lawrence, SanU Clara and
San Jo*e t3.45~F
A for Morniag. P for Afternoo*.
t Sunday only.
I Stops at all sutions on Sunday. , ¦-,
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
< Via Coast Line. «r Via San Joaquln Valley.
IV Only trains stopping at Valencia St. sonthboaad
we 8: 10 a.m.. rt:OOA.M^n:no a.m.- 3::tO?.M.anft «:.¦»?«.
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL.
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
Via Sausali to Ferry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Daily— 7:00. •8:00.
•9-00 10:00 U:0O a. m., »12:20, «1:45. •3:15.
4:i5.'*3:13. 6:15. 7:00. 8:45, 10:20, 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 5:23. »«:35. T.4O. »8:35. «»:35. 11:05
a.^. 1:43. "2:55. •3:45. 4:48. •3:43.
•B:45. 8:45. 10:20 n. m.
"Trains marked (•) run to and from San Quen-
tlD FROM MILL VAIXET TO- SAW I1UN-
CISCO— Dally— 5:45. «:55, tt52. 8:55. 9:33.
11:20 a. m. 12:.15. 2:00. 3:13. 4:05. 5:05. 8:08.
7:05, »:00. 10:3B r>. tn.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. rn.. w«ek days— Cazadero and way
stations.
8:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15. p. m.. Saturdays — Casadero and way
stations. "'
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyea and way
g tiit ions.
TICKET OFFICK— 626 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
/ "
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
• • afford unusual opportunities for. aa
economical and satisfactory journey to
ChicagodEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave I
San Francisco every Wednesday, f
Thursday, Friday and Saturday. I
! Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
; For full Information apply to er address
I R. R. RITCHIE, 3. F. BOOTH,
' Ceneral Agent, Ccn'l Agent Pass'r DepL,
Chicazoi North- Western Ry. Union Pacific R. R.
617 Market St. No. 1 Montjomery St.
SAN PRASC1SCO, CAL.
& OALIFORNIA |
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO p
H Leave* Mondays and Tharsdays If
M at 8:30 a. m. t through In 8 days. &
ja with dinar and all trappings. w
i
Other Santa Fe Trains :
oiS ?* S* I *°r Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfleld,
Sloo^ml) Merced, Hanf or* aad Vi«alia.
4.00 p. m. tor Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Oraad Canyon and
Chicago.
Txckxt Officb: 611 Market St., aad F*rry
Depot. S. F. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
T .TT!<s;<s;'TmTl
SAN FRANCISCU ANU NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COaXPAXTT.
Tlbnron Ferry, root of Market Street.
SAW 7SAKCXS0O TO SAW SATASIn
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
3:30. 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
. at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAY8— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
ft:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAFASIi TO SAN 72ASCXSCO.
WEEK DAY&^-«:(». 7:35, 7:B0. 0:20. 11:15
a. m.: 12:50,3:40. 6:00. 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:06 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:56, 6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Lea\-e I . In Effect I .\tt1y«
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. |San
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Son- I Week
Days. I day». | Uon. | day». | Days.
7:30a 8:0Oa 9:10a 8:40a
9:30 a Iynaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
; 3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 6:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a : 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Kovato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p . and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa -Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
¦ 3:30 p 3:30p
~~ • Windsor. "
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:40a 10:20 a
. Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservtlle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. *
7:30 a! 8:00 al Hopland. 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30a| 3:30p[, and Uklah. |7:35p|6:20p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| , Wllllta. I 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al : ~~~: 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guerneville. [ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10a! S:40a
6:10 p| 5:C0p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
. 7:3Oa| 8:C0al 110:40 aJ10:20"a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at ¦ Green Brae for Saa
Quentin: at Santa Rosa lor White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle fur Ekasr&i Springs; at Cloverdale for
the. Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelaeyvllle.'Carlebad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Spring's: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Lierly's,
Bucknell'e Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle.-Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal: • at Wlllits for Fort Bragg.
Westport. ¦ Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vJHe. Cummlngs, Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
sen'Sr Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Enreka. 1 &peXNaHMMap«4pBaaiMKMBj|
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. SflMBpapQSna|M|
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ¦ ¦•
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
U H. cT.WHITINa R- X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
/ ADVERTISEMENTS. *
"I h»To •nffer«d with pllei for thlrty-slz yean.
One year ago last April 1 began taking. CaicareU
for constipation. In the course of • week I noticed
the piles began to disappear and at the end of six
weeks they did not trouble me at all. CascareU
hare done wonder* for me. I am entirely cured and
feel like a new man." Georga Kryder, Napoleon, O.
M The Bowels j*
tew
CANOV CATHARTIC jf^
Pleasant. Palatable, Potent. Tan ce Good. Do Good.
Nerer Sicken, Weaken or Gripe. 10c. 25c. 60c. Nerer
sold In bulk. The gennine tablet stamped CCO.
Guaranteed to care or your money back.
Sterling' Remedy Co.? Chicago or N.Y. 593
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
6CM0ERHCEA AND CBIHART DISOBABSEi. '
£% CfK& p 'fa V Uj fiSr • Br gwa
A CURE IN .48 HOURS.
0 VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
fHUSEUM OF ANATOMY
A r ' Qb ' 10S1 mxiT ft- **• 6tb*7&, S.r.Cal.
\ - ' . C*V • - The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
' « ' xJL— ; World, weikaeites or any contracted
L H&7NU dise»*e r»«ltlw»ly e»r«* hy the oldest
0 JgHl Specialist on the Cotst Est-jSyean.
iflfSf i DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
t&fffou Consultation free and strictly pr)T»te.
I TJwfl Treatment personally or by letter. A
Q fT <S if Pontiv* Curt ia iTtry eat* undertaken, v
R// Ii ft Write for Bo.k.PHILO«OPBy.r
I If 111 HAnniACE, MAILED FREE. (A
X'f A -¦¦- /I"-* valuable book for tan) •
9 DB.JOCD1N A CO.. 1051 Market St.. 8. F.
J Dfe Those soffering ; from i weak- '
. |» * nesses which sap the pleasures
¦ 1 -'" ¦ of life should take Juren Pills.
-- ,v=;.,'. u» . One bottle will tell'* story of
marvelous results.' This medicine has more
rejuvenatine.' vitalizine force than has ever
been offered." - Sent by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and lli|«<m|B
fc Made by its originators C. I. Hood Co.i pro>^
prietors ¦ Hood'a , Sarsaparilla. Lowell. • Mass.
Mt.1!aivialpais Railway
.Leave ,;:>.; Via Saualito ttrrj ¦¦¦- ¦ Arrive' •
-•' San Francisco . >w>t tf Markrt 8t ' San Francisco
.Week Sun- ... 2 'MALL'-* • Sun- .- Week.
Days, days yratfKpM&k day* Days.
*[9:00a*H:OOA r^StttKa i2:OarlO:*OI
>1:4Bp «:OOa WBB5W il:2Sr3:5i»p
5:15p 10:00a %^^«Sv 8:50p 5:5Op
11:OOa l|6gg?ffir 4:BOp 9:5Op
' *Oonnaet with "stays tu ~ J* - Mpsi ai lilkrw Caf '
- TICIIT . J 026 Market ST..(Nortb Shore Railroad)
' Q/7ICJS ) and Sausauto Ferry, Foot Market St.HENRY J. CROCXER ADDRESSING AN ENTHUSIASTIC GATHERING OP WORK1NGMEN ON THE WATER
FRONT, REPUBLICAN NOMINEE FOR SHERIFF. CANDIDATE FOR SUPERVISOR ANDj WELL-KNOWN
MEMBERS OF THE PARTY WHO ARE ACTIVE WORKERS IN THE CAMPAIGN.
Splendid Speeches Listened to With Deep Interest by
a Highly Intelligent Audience.
A stereopticon will throw re
turns for the, entire municipal
ticket upon a white screen in
front of ' The Call buiiding and
a' rapid service of bulletins will
convey the results of the elec
tion to the people.
Bulletins will also be shown
at the Oakland office of The
Call, 1118 Broadway.
LANE i WHITE
N' EXT Tuesday, evening
the results of the mu
nicipal election will be
signaled from the dome of The
Call building, so that the news
will be known at the earliest
opportunity to citizens in
every part of the city.
If Henry J. Crocker, the
Republican, candidate, is elect
ed, red lights and rockets
will announce it.
If Eugene E. Schmitz, the
Union Labor leader, is victori
ous, green flares and rockets will
illuminate the sky.
If Franklin E. Lane, the
Democratic nominee, is declared
the choice of the voters, white
signals will be set off. ,
Remember the color of. the
signals:
CROCKER BED
/ SCHMITZ ........ QBEEN
To Flash News
From Dome of
Call Building
- Republicans, united and confident of
triumph at the polls • next Tuesday, are
planning for an immense demonstration
en Market street this evening. There will
be rockets, red fire, oratory, music and
marching columns: The Republicans
everywhere In the city get assurances
from their neighbors and friends that
Democrats, perceiving that Lane stands
no chance of winning. Intend to vote for
Henry J. Crocker. Republicans are elated
over the verified news that Schmitz is
losing ' ground. . The so-called Schmitz
meetings last - night ' were deficient In
numbers and character. '... The swing of
strength : to Crocker will " carry quite a
strong following of wage-earners.
, The city water front saw the biggest
time yesterday at the noon , hour that It
has known In years. J[t was the occasion
of one great, glorious. ' rousing jollifica
tion for Henry J.' , Crocker and the other
Republican candidates. The laboring
man who wasn't for Crocker didn't seem
to be on the face of the globe.
"Cale Coakley of the Dewey' House and
Charley ' Mitchell "of the Beach, assisted
by some of the young workers of the dis
trict, were the prime movers In the great
success. Long tables were spread in the
basement of the Dewey dining-room and
here an Italian fish dinner was served to
fully - 600 - guests. - Henry . J. . Crocker was
the . guest of ¦ the occasion. . Harry. Baehr,
William E. Lutz, Joseph S. Nyland, Theo
dore Lunstedt and most of the other can
didates attended. It was a cosmopolitan
crowd. of diners, , all gathered to do, honor
to \ the man they ; hope ¦ to see : elected , for
there is no ; doubt ] that • Crocker has . won
a ' large/', proportion * of., the laboring . men.
Engineers of ,'the front, stevedores, long
shoremen, . machinists and * all the ' deni
zens ¦ of . the ¦ busiest ; stretch of the water
front drifted in and out and all exchanged
a.\ handshake and ¦- a* word '¦:-,. with * Henry
Ovation on the Water Front to Henry
J. Crocker.
SIGNALS OF VICTORY.
choice for Treasurer, was 'In the rear of
the hall and was called to the platform
by Chairman Tolle. In an instant the tall
form of the popular candidate was ob
served by the assemblage and the cheers
that filled the hall proved the popuarity
of the incumbent of the office. In the
course of his speech, Mr. McDougald said:
"R is gratifying to a nominee of the
Republican party to" attend the various
meetings and see the intelligence it has
brought forth and to listen to the good
things said of the pr:/ty. We know the
Republican party is a progressive party.
It is a good thing to know that the labor-
Ing element can go to Republicans for
assistance, and it would be better for
them if they would only adhere to the
principles of tht Republican party. It is
the wish of all mei. to see labor advance,
and the only way It can advance is to
have the confidence of our capitalists. I
believe in a strict adherence to Republi
can principles. I know what I am talk
ing about, because I was a laboring man
for thirty years. I cut stone, and by rea
son of the policy of the Republican party
I got good work and good pay. I at
tribute it to the party that controls the
destinies of this country and which will
be successful at' the polls on • Tuesday
next." (Applause.)
Mecton C. Allen was the next speaker,
and he proved a splendid talker. Mr. Al
len told some clever stories that fitted the
occasion, and he aroused a great deal of
laugnter. "This is a Republican year." he
said, "and if you all be not Republicans
this is the time to get aboard the Repub
lican band wagon. We are playing union
music and with union bands, and the tune
is victory."
APPEAXS TO VOTERS.
Mr. Allen appealed to the voters of San
Francisco to stand by the Republican
ticket. He spoke . in behalf of General
Salomon, JoHn J. Grelf and George W.
Dietterle, and also paid a high tribute to
Henry J. Crocker, the standard-bearer of
the party. -; , - .
When Mr. Allen concluded his Bpeech
Henry J. ; Crocker entered the hall, and
the applause was deafening. Enthusiasts
stood up and yelled loudly for the popular
nominee. Mr. Crocker ascended the plat
form and waa immediately presented to
the waiting audience. He spoke in part as
follows:;
"I thank you for this reception. I. have
come from the Richmond District. I have
appeared before six audiences this even
ing and made six speeches : (applause)/
and I want to ask you if I look like a
ghost. I have been withdrawn from pub
lic view; I have been buried by the oppo
sition, and here I am. (Laughter and
applause.) They' say I am one of the
kind of people that don't stay dead. Well,-
I am one of the kind of people they don't
try. to buy. -(Applause.)- . ,
\ "A- few; months ' ago, -when I was a plain
,cltjzen— an ¦> honest working at - ' my
?business, j studying" over the questions of
i the : hour as you are doing, thinking what
an i improvement Uhe ¦ charter i was to San
Francisco, j pledging myself > that I • would
flght< for J the .bond issue for greater San
Francisco ; ' when ¦* I- walked the / streets
looking like you do^-Just a plain, ordinary
man— I" had r no idea I would' be elevated
by - people" to i the hlgnest i position in
the municipality. -. I ,was a plain,' ordinary
man , at that time and I am a plain, ordi
nary; man ;.i now "and * I '• will be a plain,
ordinary, ¦good and; upright :man ,in . the
office which ¦ I • know you jwill elect me to
onNovemberJ3. S (Applause.) r " -
"I will give you a Just administration.,
1 5 will I with ; the : help • of the Republican
party ,\ which you; will also "elect," give you
the 'best ] administration • that ; a good,*"Sup
right •• man can I give.T- and ': I, will ; : pledge
myself -that' in the -election .: and selection
Judge Carroll Cook. Franklin P. Bull. Mil
ton H. EJibert, I. J. Truman. Judse John
Hunt, Cblonel Robert Wieneke. I>ster O. Bur
nett, Arthur O. Flak. Hon. James M. Troatt.
Hon. E. A. Belcher, James E. Field, Charles
S. Laumelster, Judge Charles W. Slack, J. K.
Ka&e, Thomas F. Dunne. John S. Partridge,
A M. Duncan. Thomas W. Collins. J. J.
Ascheim. Richard D. Faulkner. C. B. . Rode.
John H. Shine. M. J. Waldheimer. C. K.
Curry, E. I. Wolfe. H. J. Olbba. L. W. Hol
lingsworth, C. B. Perkins. J. E. Grossman, I.
W Klncald. Henry C. Dibble. John Lack
mann.. Daniel A. Ryan, Charles E. Frederick*.
Charles Loesch. John Glllaon. Ben I. Salomon.
John C. Lynch. George H. S. Dryden. David
Rich, Thomas D.' Rlordan, Frank P. Kelly.
The meeting closed N with cheers for Hen
ry J. Crocker and the ticket. The vice
presidents of the meeting follow:
"For twenty-six years I have been a
workingman. Twenty-six years ago my
father told me I had finished schooling
and must go to work and earn my own
living as he did. I had to give up all
hope of going to Yale and getting a col
lege education, and I am mighty \ glad,
ladles and gentlemen, that he cut out the
work for me, because it did me a great
deal. of good. It brought me into the
friendship of people who like myself were
working for a. living. It gave me an un
derstanding of the hearts of the common
people. I was brought up to know that
it was the most gentlemanly thing to be
a workingman. (Applause.) And If I
have succeeded a little beyond those with
whom I worked with It is not because I
have not been willing to help them along
too. I had made my mind up twenty-six
years ago that if I could not go to col
lege I would try to make a mark for an
intimate friend, whom I know— Henry J.
Crocker. (Applause.)
"The honor is not mine in accepting this
nomination. I take the honor from you.
You are the people who are- going to em
ploy me for the next two years. My busi
ness is closed and I can afford to give it
up for the good of the city of San Fran
cisco. I now propose that if you elect me
Mayor of San Francisco I will give you
in return for that election all the business
ability, all the business Integrity and all
the good fellowship that I possess and all
I have gained among you. I will return It
two-fold. (Applause.)
"They have called me an aristocrat and
a steam beer campaigner. I accept the
charge. As an aristocrat I will be a gen
tleman In office. (Applause.) As a steam
beer campaigner, I suppose they mean
that I am a fairly good fellow, and if I
am you will not have to see another man
when you go to the Mayor's office— you
will not have to go to a side place to
know how the Mayor stands and how
much It will cost you to get there." (Ap
plause.)
of commissioners to preside over the dis
tribution of the city's business that I
will select men who I know will do you
Justice. I will take them from the ranks
of the people and place them where they
ar© best fitted to preside, and I know,
ladles and gentlemen, that they will do
me ihe honor by filling their positions in
an honorable manner, and I promise to
give the people of San Francisco a wise,
just and good representation for the
next two years. (Applause.)
Continued on Page 7 t Columa L
. The speaker aroused a great deal of
laughter by I announcing that he " had at
tended a ; meeting [ held : by Franklin ' K.
Lane at noon yesterday and . said It < was
held in a deserted . bank. . : He told "of the
presence : of business i men, lawyers, 1 doc
tors, stockbrokers "and <. capitalists, and
told how Lane had accused them of being
Republicans ¦; ¦ and ." then ;* metaphorically
slapped them, on the. wrist and sent them
home with the admonition that they. must
vote for him. He drew a' fanciful picture
Brusie brought out the fact that Sena
tor Stanford and - Senator Hearst were
rich' men who had done much good for the
State. He said that George Washington
was, the richest man of his time, and he
further said that Theodore Roosevelt was
a wealthy man, and yet that. did not pre
vent them from rising to high positions
and having their names enscrolled on' the
pages of their country's history.
CAUSES I, ATJGHTEB.
side of the meeting you will do everything
in your power to help Henry J. Crocker
to victory (applause), and this Is the way
it must be. There must be a change. We
are forming a new and greater San Fran
cisco, a city worthy of the position it oc
cupies in the United States. We must
make a city of this municipality here on
the Pacific Coast that will overshadow
anything on the coast. It must go ahead,
but it cannot be done under such an ad
ministration as it has had lately. It must
be governed by honesty, Intelligence and
integrity." The man who has been placed
at the head of this ticket can do it. He
has been surrounded by men who will as
sist him in giving you an honest adminis
tration." (Applause.)
J. C. Brusie, one of the cleverest cam
paigners in the party, was introduced as
the next speaker. He took up a patriotic
theme brought out . by" .the previous
speaker and developed it with great skill.
"Following out the line of thought sug
gested by General Salomon," he said,
"while it Is true that our nation's safety
and security is always found in the re
sponse which is made by volunteers, we
all know that victories are won and real
strength comes to us In war through the
efforts and energies and the fighting qual
ities of the regular army. , (Applause.)
The barrack force of a common nation
constitutes Its force. The barrack force
of any nation, constitutes . its strength,
and what is true from that national rela
tion is true when' we come . to potent
forces, political. And such an organiza
tion as the Bear Club, when It comes to
a fight in the field, gives. to us a valuable
support.
"I -congratulate the Republican ticket,
I congratulate the " Republican party, I
congratulate the city of San Francisco,
upon the participation of that stal
wart band of Republicans which
has brought more than one < victory
to the party and which will bring us an
other victory next Tuesday. (Applause.).
If there ever" was a time In the history
of the country when Republicans should
take off their coats and fight for a. vic
tory that must be won, that time is right
now. .If there was ever a time when the
good name of San Francisco should be
saved, when the Republican ticket should
prevail, that time Is right now. There
never was a better ticket. You never had
more energetic men. You never had a
truer lot of men from the head of the
ticket to the end than you have now. %Vnd
what a chance to do what Is right!
"Of all the endeavors being made .by
newspapers that are trying to belittle our
standard-bearer, to bring out some charge
or some reason why he is not entitled to
the confidence of his people, they have
only discovered one disqualification and
that Is he belongs to the class : of rich
men." ' ' -\_ t . . ...
« "I will not detain you long,'.'. he[ said.
"I say to you I always feel at home In a
Republican meeting.' I'know you are here
with the earnest intention' of helping and
assisting a good cause. It: testifies your
loyalty to the party, and I know that out-
"It shall be my pleasure If It is my
good fortune to be elected in conjunction
with Mr. Crocker, who will be our next
Mayor (applause), to assist him In hand
ling the affairs of San Francisco and to
assist him in untangling the legal points
that will arise In the expenditure of the
millions of dollars for public Improve
ments. I shall strive to perform those
duties in an honorable manner and with
out fear or favor." (Applause.)
General Salomon, the veteran soldier,
who is the Republican party's choice for
the office of District Attorney, was the
next speaker. This eloquent speaker al
ways charms his auditors by his eplendld
speeches. They are full of patriotic sen
timents and always arouse . great enthu
siasm. The general won, his spurs In the
war of the rebellion and came out of that
terrible conflict a brigadier general. He
was appointed Governor of Washington
Territory by President Lincoln and has
held other positions of prominence in the
Federal and State governments. He is a
leading member of the Bear Club and his
friends are working lndefatlgably to
bring about his election. His reception
last night was a warm on© and he-repaid
his friends with a short but brilliant ad
dress. He told of presenting the Bear
Club's banner that had been carried
through victorious campaigns and he
prophesied that It would be carried to
victory next Tuesday by the organization.
FEELS AT HOME.
"It affords me great pleasure to appear
before this honorable club to-night. I
appear before you as a candidate for re
election as Supervisor of San Francisco.
I not only Bpeak for myself, but I ask
you to support the Republican ticket from
top to bottom. It will --be a victory to
elect Henry J. Crocker Mayor! (Ap
plause). But, gentlemen, to strengthen
the Mayor and show what the Republican
party can do, you must elect a Board of
Supervisors with it. With Henry J.
Crocker in the chair and a Republican
Board of Supervisors behind him I will
wager that you will say at the end of
the term— well done. I ask you one and
all to stand by that ticket and we will
carry that Republican banner on Novem
ber 3 to a grand victory." (Great ap
plause.)
The Orpheus quartet, an organization
composed of young Republicans with
good voices, rendered some sweet refrains,
after which Percy V. Long, the popular
candidate for City Attorney, was intro
duced.' When the applause had subsided
Mr. Long spoke In part as follows:
"It Is a distinct pleasure to me to ap
pear before you to-night, because I know
that the Bear Club has ever taken a deep
interest in the success of the Republican
party. It has been manifest heretofore
in national and State campaigns, but at
this time, when the people want a strong,
progressive and conservative administra
tion, the Bear Club has come forward
and Indorsed the entire ticket. We have
had considerable discussion about this
being a campaign of men and not of
party. The Republican party has always
advocated good, strong and conservative
government and in national affairs the
people always turn to the Republican
party. Then why should it not ' turn to
the Republican .party in municipal af
fairs?
William E. Lutz, the popular candidate
for Public Administrator, was introduced
and was gl% - en a fine greeting. In the
course of his remarks he said:
"It seems like addressing a club meet
ing to look over this audience and it
would be manifestly useless to make any
remarks to the members of the Bear
Club; but to those who are not members,
to those who are Republicans and to those
few Democrats who have strayed in here,
I wish to say that I have the honor to
appear before you asking your suffrage
for the office of Public Administrator. I
ask your support not only for myself but
for the whole ticket, and I want to in
dorse the remarks of Bahrs! Bahrs!
Bahrs! (applause) and that is the whole
ticket will be elected. The candidate that
is in the field for Mayor is a winner. We
have canvassed the city thoroughly, and,
notwithstanding the reports In the papers
opposed to his election, he will win.
Kverywhere he goes his personality
makes itself felt. It Is our duty as can
didates to appear before you, and to show
ourselves in order that you may judge the
character of men we are. We a8k your
support for the ticket, nothing more and
nothing less. I thank you." (Great ap
plause.)
George Alpers. candidate for Supervisor,
delivered a forcible speech and was heart
ily applauded. In the course of his speech
he said:
as a soapmaker as a youth and earned
$100 a month. I gave that occupation up
to go into a law office at $3 a week and
studied law. I was elected to the Superior
bench and my/ record was such that no
one can cay aught against me. If I am
elected Assessor I shall serve: the people
with honor to them and honor to myself."
(Great cheering.)
Judge Bahrs left the hall at the con
clusion of his whirlwind speech and as he
passed out he was apjiJauded and the
voters present promised to stand by him.
LTJTZ MAKES FBEENDS.
Chairman Tolle waited for the applause
to pubside and then introduced . Judge
Qeorge H. Bahrs as the first speaker of
The evening. The reception tendered the
candidate for Assessor must have im
pressed him that he is popular. He in«
formed the assemblage that he was re
ceived throughout the city In the same
.manner and he felt confident that he
would be .elected to the office.
"Our enemies on the other side of ths
.house thought two weeks ago that they
would sweep the town for their candidate
for Assessor, but they reckoned without
their host." he continued. "I believe Hie
Republican party has a man In the field
for the office of Assessor. (Cries: 'You
bet they have.') Two weeks ago I don't
think many of you would have tfven
much for my chances for election. Some
•thought I was foolish for spoiling ray
chances, but I thought differently. I al
ways had ah idea that when the Repub
lican party nominated a man for office
that the nomination of the party pledged
the party for the nominee. The Demo
cratic standard bearer, Mr. Lane, at the
opening of his campaign made the ex
traordinary admission that he believed
that the Republican party In San Fran
cisco was numerically the strongest in
the campaign. If that admission Is true,
and if the support of the party goes with
the nominee, then in God's name how can
I or any other candidate on the Rcpnb
lic&a ticket be defeated oa election day.
' *"I want to say that my strength in the
community at the present time Is due to
my friends. The Bahrs boom 1b on and
it will continue until election day, when
I will be elected. (Cheers.) It is all due
to my friends. They started In the mo
jnent I received' the nomination. They
started to roll a ball which day by day
has grown bigger and bigger until to-uay
my opponents on the other side have be
come hysterical.
BMTTlfll •RATTRS! BAHBS!
VI am accused of making a gutter cam
paign and a saloon campaign. They also
find fault with my method of advertising.
They object to the name 'B-a-h-r-s!
B-a-h-r-e! B-a-b-r-s! f which greets them,
on every side. That name was Inscribed
on the roll of honor In the early days of
San Francisco, when my father, wrote his
name down as a volunteer fireman. Ami
let me tell you that was the only heritage
I have received from my father. (Ap
plause.) He has i honored it throughout
his life and I have sought to honor it and
I think I have succeeded.
"Tb» Bahrs Volunteers now number
more than twenty thousand voters and on
Uectlon day they will number thirty thou
lanfl. Z was born in this city and worked
. The big rally held in Pioneer Hall last
night under the auspices of the Bear
Club, one of the foremost Republican or
ganizations in this State, -was an enthu
siastic one. The hall was crowded to its
utmost capacity and the various speakers
were heartily applauded by the assembled
voters. The reception accorded Henry J.
Crocker was all that could be desired by
most ardent admirers. He arrived at
Hhe close of the meeting and his appear
ance in the back of the hall was heralded
by the shouts of enthusiasts who crowd
ed into the hall after him. Their shouts
were taken up by those seated in the
body of the hall and the enthusiasm
. spread like so much wildfire, till the en
tire place resounded with greetings to
the next Mayor of San Francisco.
"Oscar Tolle presided over the meeting
and in the course of the evening intro
duced the leading candidates on the ticket
. and able orators, who discussed the is
sues of the campaign. In opening the
meeting. Chairman Tolle said: .
"The Boar Club, as you are all aware,
is tlie pioneer organization of California.
.The Bear Club has always striven to in
terest Itself in the welfare of the Repub
. lican «iarty, more particularly in national
and State campaigns; but inasmuch as
the Republican party has 8e.en fit to
honor the Bear Club by placing on the
' 'ticket many of Its members it is our duty
to help the Republican ticket achieve a
victory by electing every candidate on it.
• "Years ago we considered it a great
honor when the late Hon. George San-
a member of the club, was nomi
nated and then elected to the office of
Mayor of this city. We assisted in elect
ing him. We have been honored again
by having another member from our
ranks nominated, Henry J. Crocker.
<Great applause.) And we are shoulder
to shoulder in this fight and will do all
in our power to elect him and the rest
of the. ticket." (Great applause).
OVATION TO BAHBS.
BEAR CLUB'S MEETING.
THE boom for Henry J. Crocker, the
Republican candidate for Mayor, Is
in full force, and the effect is now
being felt by those who have
watched . his campaign. Volunteers are
coming forward to enroll themselves un
der his standard, and his majority on
election day promises to be a big one.
Wherever Mr. Crocker went last night he
was greeted with cheers. The acclaim of
the people of this city, who look upon
him as their r.ext Mayor, sounded In his
cars all evening. He attended four meet
ings and as many social gatherings, and
in every instance when the clean-cut fig
itre of the next Mayor was seen entering
the hall_ the audience rose and cheered
until the rafters rang.
Mr. Crocker's clean campaign has at
tracted the best people in the community
to his standard. He Jias g-one through the
entire campaign without saying an unkind
word against his opponents. He has sim
ply appealed to the citizens of this com
murJty to elect him to the ofilce of Mayor
and In return he promises to give them
a good, clean, honest and faithful admin
istration. His speeches to the citizens
that .assembled in Richmond district,
Austrian Hail, Pioneer Hall and B'nai
B'rfth Hall last night were full of prom
ises that were not of the idle kind. What
he .said "came from his heart, and he
•reused lots of enthusiasm by his man
**ar of speaking. He has disabused the
minds of the workingman of the belief
that he is an aristocrat. He does not lose
his dignity, but he does appeal to their
better Judgment, and they find in him a
citizen of standing in the community and
a man in whom they can trust their fu
ture welfare. He is a vote-getter, and
this will be shown to his opponents on
election day, when he will be elected
Mayor of San Francisco by a generous
majority.
Lane is hopelessly out of the running,
and the betting on the streets and in the
poolrooms has reached 10 to 1 that he will
be last. Crocker is the favorite, and the
etanch supporters of the Republican can
didate and the wise ones are putting up
large sums on his chances of victorv.
Pioneer Hall Is
Crowded With
Voters.
Bear Club Holds
Enthusiastic
Meeting.
ENTHUSIASTIC CITIZENS LOUDLY ACCLAIM
HENRY J. CROCKER NEXT MAYOR OF CITY
Standard Bearer
Cheered All
Over Town.
Speaks to Crowds
in Every Part
of City.
PROBABLY the best and the most
enthusiastic meeting that has ever
been held in Richmond Hall occur-
red last night, Henry J.
Crocker addressed the 'voters of the Thir
ty-ninth Assembly District. The hall was
packed from the bottom of the stairs to
the bannered front of the platform.
I. D. Bluxom called the meeting to or
der and nominated John D. Williams as
chairman. Mr. Crocker arrived at the
hall about 9 o'clock and was forced to
edge his way through the crowd congre
gated on the outside. His appearance in
side and outside of the hall created
scenes of unparalleled enthusiasm. After
his speech he was fairly carried off his
feet by the rush of men to congratulate
him. '.-, ¦¦¦¦-:..;¦:
He had the audience with him from the
first. His opening declaration that he
was a Republican was greeted with
cheers. Then he went on and told how
as a bov he had seen the district grow
from dull sand hills to its. present beauty
and expressed hia satisfaction at the
change. As a boy who has worked his
way and become a prosperous business
man, he said he gloried In the fact that
the city that had afforded him the oppor
tunities was broadening out like the ocean,
leaving in its course prosperous residence
districts and happy, contented people.
He reminded his listeners that abova
everybody else they were interested la
the dispensing of the $17,000,000 Of bonds
which were voted at the recent election.
There were sewers to be built, he said,
schoolhouses to be erected and streets to
be constructed in the district. All of
these improvements, he pledged, would be
carried out according to the provisions
of the bond issue when he became Mayor.
He said he was not fishtins anybody
personally in the campaign. He had neg
lected his business for the purpose of
offering himself to his fellow citizens as
the manager of the funds which they had
voted to expend in improvements. From
his boyhood, he said, he never had been
out of employment, because his watch
word had been "integrity." A strict ad
herence to that had made him a pros
perous business man. and he said he be
lieved he could exercise better judgment
in the disbursing of the immense funds
at the control cf the next Mayor than
either of the gentlemen opposing him.
At the close of his speech jar. Crocker
attempted to leave the hall quietly, but
he was besieged by the crowd, which in
sisted on shaking hands with him and
assuring him the most complete triumph
that has ever been attained in the Thirty
ninth Assembly District for any candi
date." ;-.":.¦
Robert Vance, candidate on the Repub
lican ticket for Supervisor, made many
friends. by a happy address. Among the
other speakers were A. Van der Naillen.
George C. Lynch, Mark Anthony and
George H. Bahra Jr.
J. Crocker, who was greeted with cheers
three times three as he entered. He was
one of the jolliest and most popular
guests at the dinner. For the hour of the
feast he mingled in a way with the men
that showed he is not only a good "mix
er," as so many workinfcmen have said
of him, but a good comrade as well.
Mr. . Crocker made a few remarks in
praise of the dinner and the efforts of
those who are working for him on the
front and he was cheered again to tha
echo. It was one constant succession of
men coming forward to grasp his hand af
ter that. Numbers of union men gave
him promises of support and words of
encouragement.
Dr.UG GLEBES MEET.
Henry J. Crocker Received as Guest
of Honor.
More than ISO members of the Drus
Clerks' Association greeted Henry J.
Crocker as the guest of honor at a smoker
given by the association last night at
Alcazar Hall. Between the numbers of
a programme of songs anct . Jokes Mr.
Crocker made a few remarks that were
well received.
Mr. Fretz, president of the Drug Clerks*
Association, introduced the next Mayor
as Mr. Crocker. Mr. Crocker, in response,
said:
"I am glad to be Introduced that way,
as that was the* spirit in which I cam
to this smoker. I am not going to talk
politics, as I know that those of you here
that are Republicans will attend to that,
and I have no wish to tread on the toes
of some of the otners."
He told some interesting experiences
from, his early life as a clerk in the
Sierras, that were loudly applauded. Mr.
Crocker was roundly cheered as he left
the hall to attend a reception given by
the Eagles.
BEGISTEAR'S INSTRUCTIONS.
Ballots Must Be Counted at a
Time.
Registrar Walsh has «worn In 100 spe
cial deputies for duty on next Tuesday,
election day. These men have been in
structed to take no partisan part in the
election and see that ihe law Is observed
to the letter. Special arrangements have
been made with the telephone company
for prompt service.
The deputies will report to the office
any attemot to influence voters at or
near the polls by the use of money. Ar
rest and determined prosecution will posi
tively follow, as the Board of,. Election
Commissioners will leave no stone un
turned to Insure to citizens a free and
honest expression of their choice.
A moat positive order has been given
that under no circumstances will election
officers be permitted to count straight
ballots in bunches, as the law explicitly
provides that ballots must be taken from
the box one at a time and counted be
fore taking out another.. Any election of
ficer who attempts to violate this or any
other of the election laws' will - be dealt
with severely.
EIGHT HOUR LAW.
Firemen and Policemen Owe Nothing
to Schmitz.
It has been rumored around town of
late that the police- are out for Schmitz
because he gave them an eight-hour
working day and the firemen because ha
gave them additional vacation time dur
ing the year. As a matter of fact,
Schmitz deserves little- credit for these
benefits and had little if any part in se-
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1903.
"We will '.first take up the study of
grammar and discuss 'personal pronouns.'
They are: 'I am, I are,I am lt,*I am It,
I am. It.'/ That. Is all he said to them."
Schoolmaster" said to little- Asey: Wells,,
.'Upon .whom . does ; the sun •: shine and' set YJ
and •'¦> they ', all "¦¦'.¦ answered, ¦ 'Lane.' - ' • The
schoolmaster ¦ then*. took ; up the, study fof
literature; and masked,' 'Who 'Wrote' 1 'the
Declaration .of Independence?*, and -they
answered, - 'Lane.' _» 'Who discovered Amer
ica ?'— 'Lane,'... ;• they \ answered. • « 'Who •';' dis
covered Lane Y} Asey got on his foot and
sald:*^ 'Gavin; McNab' j (laughter) ' and poor
Aseyjhad ; to go ito ,the foot of '.the • class.'
/We will , now ' take up the class ! In arith
metic,' ; said \ Schoolmaster Lane.' . 'If ; there
are " 67,000 .votes * In t San "". Francisco > and
Mayor ; Schmltz j should ) receive" 12,000*. and
Mr. , Lane 10,000 and Henry' J. ' Crocker^ 35,-!
000, who would 'be '-¦'elected?'.:". 'Lane,' said
Marty ¦Kelly, "'If ; I" have hold of the bal
lot box.',*'- (Great laughter.) • ; ¦,::>} 7
V "Honest [John'' : McDougald, :; the people's
*- — — . — — .+
of Lane, the schoolmaster. He said Lane
talked like a disgruntled, peevish,. Hoo
sler schoolmaster,' and In his fancy he
could picture "Bobby" Flint, Marty Kel
ly and Asey Wells before him undergoing
examination.
6time and again. The Mayor made a brief
• speech .and hurried away to the Alham
• bra, where a large crowd was being en-
much about steam beer campaigns, has
finally come around to them himself. The
"Greek-American Club held a meeting last
night at the Turk-street Temple. The hall
was very sparsely filled. mo.«=t of the
.crowd being out in the rear room indulg
¦'hg in schooners of etea.m beer. Try as
they might, the various speakers could
not disengage the thirsty from the kegs.
J. Tryfcros presided and speeches were
responded to by numerous Labor party
nominees. Had it not been for the beer
the crowd would have dispersed long be
fore the arrival of the Mayor. As it was
the beer managed to keep enough people
*,o fill half the hall so that the candidate
for Mayor did not have to talk to emptv
cha!r.s.
..The meeting was very disorderly, many
drunken men interrupting the speakers
Greek Americans Treated — Farce
Held at Alhambra.
Schmitz, who has been shouting so
INTRODUCES STEAM BEER.
THE outdoor. Republican meetings to-night will take place on .Market street. Henry J.
Crocker and other candidates will address the people at various points.
The parade will form on Market and New Montgomery streets and proceed up
the north side of Market street to Ninth. street. All addresses will be made on the coun
termarch. Orders for the parade follow :
Formation — Columns of fours— Close marching order— Form on New Montgomery
street, right resting on Market street.
Captain R. P. Hurlbut, Grand Marshal.
Colonel Albert E. Castle, Chief of Staff. Lieutenant J. H. Goldman. Chief Aid.
Aids to Grand Marshal— Major Thomas Morton, Captain W. M. Kelly, Frank \V. Mar
ston, D'r. Thurlow Miller, Captain J. Mannering. Lieutenant Bernard Conlan, Marshall D. Wood
ruff, Frank fe. Monckton,.M. J.rMcBride, John Phoir, J. F. Ahearn, William Conrad, Dr. W. F.
McNutt Jr., Captain Thomas W: Costello, Lieutenant Fred W. Hammond, Major George H.
Dyer, Herbert Walter, Dr. E. S. Howard, A. K. Daggett, Fred Marriott, Charles Bliss^ Edgar
D. Peixotto, Newton J. Tharp, Dr. J. W. Likins, H. H. James.
Greater San Francisco Club, Marshal, Lawrence Vincent; aids, E. L. Van der Naillen, J. Gold
man, M. A. Smith, Frank Grimes, C. G. Nagle; Charles Alpers.
Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Districts . and personal friends of Henry J. Crocker.
FOURTH 'DIVISION.
Aids — Dr. C. V. Cross, William Gilchrist, E. W. Brown, A. A. Guarini, G. A. McGowan,
West side of Montgomery street, right resting on Post street.
. Lynch's Veteran Reserves.
Band.
Thirty-ninth, Fortieth, Forty-first, Forty-second, Forty-third, Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth District
East side of Montgomery street, right resting on Market street.
Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth District clubs and citizens.
Thirty-first, Thirty-second and Thirty-third.
Aids — -George Dryden. Carl Muller and Frank Browell.
South side of Post street, rijrht resting on Montgomery street.
North- side of Market street, right resting on Montgomery street.
Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth Districts, other clubs and unattached organizations and
citizens. Vehicles. •
The Crocker Rough Riders and friends of Mr. Crocker mounted will form on New Mont
gomery street, the right resting on Market street.
The Union League and Dirigo Clubs and friends who desire to turn out with them will
meet at the rooms of the Union League Club, Palace Hotel.
Greater San Francisco Club, Republicans of the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth District
Clubs and friends of Henry J. Crocker will meet at 7:45 o'clock at 1 104 Market street, corner
of Taylor. ; '
The Lynch Reserves assemble on- west side of Montgomery street, right resting on Post.
Republicans of the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, Thirty-first, Thirty-second
and Thirty-third Districts and Water Front Crocker Clubs meet at Occidental Hall, Third
street, between Mission and Howard. .
George H. Bahrs Volunteers will assemble at 7:30 o'clock on Stockton street, between
O'Farrell and Geary. Prior to marching a reception will be tendered Judge George H. Bahrs,
who will deliver a short address. . .
The Thirty-fourth District Republicans meet at the corner of Tenth and Market streets.
at 7:45 p. m., to be escorted to north side of Market street, near Montgomery.
. Thirty-sixth District Republicans/ meet at the corner of Valencia and Hermann streets
at 8 o'clock* sharp and march to north side of Market street, below Kearny.
Republicans from the Thirty-ninth, Fortieth, Forty-first, Forty-second, Forty-third,
Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth Districts will meet at Union Square, Stockton street, between
Geary and Post, at 7:45, and from there will be escorted to the -west side of Montgomery
street, right resting on Sutter street. . • ¦ ;
Vehicles not accompanying organizations will fall into line in the, rear of the Seventh
Division. ,
Friends of all candidates may fall into line with any division they desire on the line of
march.
Iron and nickel, probably nine or ten parts
being iron, i The specimen was pitted with
holes,- as it : came through the air .-in*, a
molten state. This Is an ¦ invariable ', In
dication of a metallic meteorite. From
appearances : the monster may have been
burled in the hillside, where it was dis
covered," for many centuries." The me
teorite will probably be taken to 7 St.
Louis. '.'.¦'":¦ •.
Amateur Baseball Teams to Play.
' The annual game \of / baseball between
the/;MahoneyItes •: and .•: Gallagherltes tor
morrow,; afternoon at .National Baseball
Park/; Ninth j and £ Bryant ,' streets, is ; ex
pected : -to depopulate ¦ Hayes < Valley. : "> Joe
Stapleton and . Frank ' Mahony ..will do the
scoring. ;* John* Dillon ¦ will \ umpire while
the players permit him.
SAYS THE OREGON METEOR
IS A GENUINE DISCOVERY
Expert FTom Smithsonian Institu
tion Believes It May Have Been .-
Buried for Centuries.
OREGON CITY, Or., Oct. SO.— While at
Lodl, Cal., F.\W. Crosby, who is collect
ing geological specimens ' for/ the Smith
sonian Institution/read of the t discovery
here of an immense meteorite. "He 'left
at once for this place and pronounces the
find a genuine discovery.
"This , is the largest specimen of .metal
lic meteorites that has ever been found: In
the United , States and among, the largest
ever discovered in .the;world.Vsaid-Cros
by to-day. "It weighs between; 20.000: and
40,000 pounds. Because, of >, Its I enormous
weight the specimen is less valuable to
its i owner than -if It were one-fourth % of
the size. tSCBHHSBQSVV
"The" meteor is . composed entirely of
DESPONDENT SALOON MAN
BLOWS OUT HIS BRAINS
Places Muzzle of Bifle in His Mouth
i.While Wife Is Entreating Him to
I Not Injure Himself.
LOS ANGELES, ; Oct. : 30.— Ferd A. Rid
deiv'a German saloon-keeper, 37 years old,'
committed suicide* In aTsensational manner
at his home, 1138 West Washington street,
late jtbrday. ': With his wif e ; and , two chil
dren standingbefore: the dooriof his bed
room, in ;which. he had locked himself, and
withv words of I entreaty . and prayer for
him shot to - Injure * himself, Ridder . blew
out' his brains with a rifle.
V Ridder -came to Los Angeles \ last , May
fi-qm Fairbury,' Nebr He purchased a sa- I
lco"n ;at First street ' and ; Broad way, .which
: he i conducted "Aintil * i three ?j months .; ago,
' when Vat ; the ,• earnest I solicitation . of ¦: his
"wife- he . sold-, the place" and I bought a fine
home at 1138 :West Washington street.% Of
late: he grew despondent 'and ' frequently
PORTLAND, Or..v Oct. •„ 30. — The ' clearances
to-day from ¦ this i port . were i the > County, of ¦, In
verness; for 'Algoa" Bay,* with : 02,084 -bushels • of
wheat."; and ; the Grande ¦ Duehesse Olga • for the
United Kingdom with 103,300 bualwls.
•It was in 1901 also that the Republican
teglsfetnre passtd bills fixing the yearly
Vacations for firemen. Senator Wolfe
went before the Board of Supervisors last
year'and made a tight for the firemen and
an .increase in their salaries. He succeed
ed in gottiftp put on the budget an appro
priation of iTwXi to pay for granting them
fifteen days' vacation out of the year, in
etc-ad of twelve, which they now have.
. In 1901 Senator Hoey introduced a bill
' known as* bill 305 In the State Senate reg
ulating the hours of service of men em
• ployed as members of the police depart
ments of cities and counties. The Mil
provided for a working day of eight hours
out cf the twenty-four. The bill, under
• the charge of Senator Edward I. Wclfo,
• was passed before Schmitz was ever a
- fcictcr In the political game. It was passed
*-» by a. Republican Senate and Assembly
m end . signed by a Republican Governor.
] . On his return from the session of the
Legislature Senator Wolfe went to George
A. Newhall. president of the Police Com-
I •'rr.ifsion a; that time, to see if the meas
' "lye could not. be put into effect here in
*. San Francisco as the State law required.
'? ¦ Newhall was inclined to be friendly to
.•*_ - th«> bill, b-ut rather inclined to resent the
.; interference of the Legislature In what
the. commission considered a purely local
• •affair. The act went into effect in San
Francisco in June. 1902, simply obeying
- the State law. Before this there was
. *omf talk of taking it into the courts to
¦ s^*- why the State law in the matter had
•jiot before been enforced. While the city
'. charier controlled city affairs, many
.lawyers held that this matter was one of
. ; niore than municipal character. The Po
- -Ik-e Commissioners putting this act Into
"' ¦ effect in San Frajieisco were not those
appointed by. Schmitz, but those still in
. office, put there by Mayor Phelan. More
over, the Union Labor party was sup
- Voted to be hostile to Xewhall, president
-. CS.' tile cpmmission, favorably Inclined to
.. thf-measure.
curing them. The facts In the matter are
as follows:
"This is a great district for handing
out gold bricks, and Ruef thinks you are
gullible. He is mistaken this time. You
know what you want and you are going
to have It. The candidate on the head
of the Union Labor party sails under a
false label. He does not represent that
party; he represents Abe Ruef's party.
"In all the appointments during the last
two years there were only 200 to the
Union Labor party men. You will find,
my friends, that the true labor union
men will come back to the Democratic
fold, and on Tuesday night we will have
an overwhelming majority."
Dr. Glannlnl presided at the meeting.
Short speeches wore made by Edward
Rock, John Connor, W. W. Sanderson,
Judge Cabaniss, Judge Mogan, Thomas
HIckey and Frank Grace.
Ho started his speech by saying: "If
there is to be a boss in any party, at
least let him belong to that party and
afliliate with it and be a part of it. Don't
let him belong to the Republican ranks
and try to run the Union Labor party. I
am against all bosses. I am for the plain,
absolute and simple rights of all the peo
ple at large, whether they belong to the
laboring classes or whether they repre
sent the Interests of capital. In the office
of the Mayor all shall have an equal hear
ing, the poor and the rich alike. The of
fice of the chief executive of this munici
pality shall always be open for the ad
ministration for the people's good, and
there will be no playing to favorites' if I
am elected. I want a clean, straight gov
ernment, and if you want that kind of ad
ministration, all right; if you don't, why
you must vote for the other kind — and
that is the Abe Ruef kind. You have got
to rely on the Integrity of the men in of
fice, and that being the case, go to the
polls on Tuesday next and, vote for the
men who will give you your Just rights,
irrespective of any partisanship. Lift
yourselves above party lines and show
this great commonwealth that we are
honest, true, free-thinking, loyal Ameri
can citizens, who have the Interests of
our city's welfare at heart. The votes you
are casting now are not to simply cover
the issue of the passing moment— they
are votes that are to tell for the future
and for all time. They are votes to stamp
out bossism and show the world at large
that the citizens of San Francisco know
what Is right, and that they want honesty
to be the watchword henceforth in the
management of the affairs of our grand
municipality."
Thomas McKeon was master of ceremo
nies. Talks were made by Dr. Dodge,
John Connor, Judge Mogan, P. J. Curtis,
A. H. Wehe. T. Carey Friedlander, John
Barnett and Oscar Hocks.
Lane's third speech was to the voters of
the Korty-fifth Assembly District in
Washington-square Hall, on Stockton and
Union streets. In the early evening the
hall had been crowded, but as the hour
grew late "many left, and when Lane ar
rived at 11 o'clock the hall was only com
fortably filled. Those who were there,
however, were evidently all for Lane,
judging from the bursts of applause that
punctuated all the salient points of his re
markr. He said in part:
"I am sorry I came so late, but it could
not be helped. The distances between the
halls are great and much time was lost
on that account. .1 can see at a glance
that you ail are with me in this fight, and
I thank you for this kind and unusually
hearty demonstration, which is most wel
come to me. I had always thought that
this district was run by Abe Ruef, at
least that is what I know he gives out,
but this outpouring of support to the
cause of clean administration proves that
he is wrong in his assertions. He has
promised you a great many things here
in this locality and he will get them for
you or not as suits his fancy and inclina
tion.
Lane made his second speech to the
voters- of the Thirtieth Assembly District
at Teutonia Hall on Howard street, be
tween Ninth and Tenth.
Others who spoke were Judge Cabaniss,
Dr. Dodge, Lewis T. Bylngton, Dr. Le
land, •'Billy" Hynes, Judge Mogan and
John Marble.
"You want a clean, honest government,
and you don't want a government that is
run by a boss. My record is clean and I
think you all know it. If you are with
me and the party I represent for a just
administration of the affairs of this
municipality go to the polls and vote for
me, but if you are for the Abe Ruef kind
of government and want that kind, don't
vote for me, because you won't get that
style. I am going to see that things go
straight and that Justice is accorded to
one and all."
"During the coming two years there is
to be about $18,u00,000 spent in this mu
nicipality in the form of improvements,
and I know you want to see this money
all spent to the best advantage. You
don't want it thrown away, but you want
it entirely and fully devoted to the pur
poses for which it is intended, that is, to
putting up substantial school buildings
anrt to the general improvement of this
beautiful city.
He began his remarks by thanking the
people of that outlying district for qpm-
Ir.g to hear him, and he knew by the
warm reception that had been accorded to
him that they were his friends and would
support the cause he represented. . He
said in part:
Continued from Page 6, Column 7.
Remarkable Ovation Is Accorded to
Republican Nominees on
the Water Front.
REPUBLICAN HOSTS
READY FOR PARADE
Registrar of Voters Rules That the
Ballots Must Be Counted
One at a Time.
REPUBLICANS TO HOLD A MIGHTY OPEN AIR
DEMONSTRATION ON MARKET STREET TO-NIGHT
Tide Is Turning Strongly in Favor
of Henry J. Crocker, the
Popular Leader.
Lane Is a Limping Third in Race
and Is Losing Support in
His Own Party.
peared upon the platform: In two min
utes he had stilled them and in five min
utes he had them cheering for himself.
The Republican campaign committee has
gone over the estimates from each district
and is absolutely confident that Mr.
Crocker will secure more than 25,000 votes
next Tuesdii;-.
Registrar Wa!sh states that the total
number of electors on the Great Register
and entitled to vote next Tuesday 13
7D.7S4. This includes the names of about
two thousand voters who have been
marked as "moved" from the residences
they gave when registering. Unless they
can satisfactorily explain that they live
at the designated places they wCl not be
allowed to vote.
MANY HAVE DIED.
Of course the register also contains the
names of many electors r.ho have died
since their last registration, but the ex
act number ia not known. Walsh thinks
that the total vote at the election will be
within 60,000. The Republican campaign
committee estimates that the total vote
will be somewhere between S?/>00 and 60,
000. The result for Mayor is? thus fore
casted:
Crocker. 25.000: Schmitz. 19,000; Lane.
14.00U; Whitney (Socialist). 2000; total 60,
000.
There is political gossip to the effect
that the Socialistic vote will show a
marked increase. It is said that many
I Union Labor men who cannot stand Ruef
will vote the Socialist ticket rather than
give their support to a Republican or
Democrat. The betting In places where
wagers are laid on a regular business
basis, apart from political or personal
sentiment/ Is 4 to 1 agalntst Lane. The
professional betting man offers to wager
$100 against C5 that Lane will not be bet
ter than third in the race. Colonel Ko
walsky yesterday wagered $1000 that
Crocker would be elected Mayfcr. The
wager was accepted by a Schmitz man.
Two years ago Kowalsky Det on Schmitz
.and won $1700.
So great Is the tide of popularity that
has 3et in toward Henry j. Crocker that
he is in demand at some place every hour
in the day. His office is i>e3ieged with
people from the various districts, each
anxious to make some appointment In
their section for the next Mayer. They
all believe that on next Tuesday a Re
publican tidal wave for Crocker will
! swamp the other candidates for Mayor.
This . feelinz. Is' In .the atmosphere and
accordingly new friends are.' coming for
ward, the people who always take card
to be on the right .slda of the fence. The
many -hostile attacks against him- have
only served, it would seem, to bring new
supporters to him. Yesterday found him
along the docks carrying on hU fight In
the manly, straightforward way that has
marked his campaign, and which even hl3
enemies have paused to admire. Eich
day now means new routes and new ef
forts to a victorious finish, next Tuesday.
ARMY MOURNS
DEAD LEADER
HENRY J. CROCKER, Republican
nominee, is surely the leading
candidate in the race for Mayor.
His position in the front exposes
him to attack, but the assaults are inef
fective. He goes forward winning new
friends for himself and gaining new advo
cates of a greater San Francisco. The
Crocker column Js securing many acces
sions from the wage earning ranks.
The time has come for the conservative
citizen, -who believes that the election of
Schmitz would be a calamity, to pause
and soberly consider the chances of the
two other candidates for Mayor. It will
not be forgotten that two years ago
Wells, the Republican candidate, ran
nearly 5000 votes ahead of Tobln, the
Democrat, and this in spite of the fact
that a large number of Republicans vot
ed for Tobin. The reason of this was that
the Union Labor party is nearly 80 per
cent Democratic and the Democratic
party is GO per cent Union Labor. Tobin
lost nearly 60 per cent of the vote which
he would have received If there had been
no Union Labor candidate. The Demo
cratic portion of this vote la as solidly
for Schmitz this year as It was two years
ago. Mr. Lane has absolutely failed to
produce any effect upon this vote and in
consequence he goes into the campaign
with a defection of nearly 60 per cent.
It Is absolutely impossible for him to
draw, enough' votes outside of his party
to make up this loss. Mr. Crocker, on the
other hand, has made • many accessions
from the labor ranks, chiefly from union
men who are Republicans and who be
lieve that Schmitz is not representative
of unionism and that unionism Is best
served by a man who will preserve and
advance the business interests of the
city.
SIGNIFICANT FACT.
Another significant fact is that last
year, with three tickets for judicial of
fices in the field, the Democratic Judges
and Justices of the Peace received from
10,000 to 15,000 votes. The reason for this
is that the same condition prevailed last
year as the year before — 60 per cent of
the Democratic vote went to Union La
bor nominees. Two years ago many Re
publicans voted for Tobln because Wells
had made blunder after blunder, and his
weakness was apparent to all. Tobln was
taken up as a forlorn hope and the Re
publicans who voted for Tobln . elected
Schmitz. This year, on the other hand.
Mr. Crocker gained the confidence; . of
every one right at the start. He has made
a straightforward, manly fight and has
proved himself worthy of the support of
all. . ' Wells lost votes every time he ap
peared upon the platform and Crocker
has gained them. A conspicuous Instance
of this was at the Potrero Opera-house
Monday night The crowd, -which was
largely Union Labor, had been shouting
for Schmitz all the evening. Crocker ap r
FOUR CHARGED
WITH MURDER
Thousands of Salvation
ists Hold Service
at Chicago.
Suspects in Pennsylva
nia Tragedy Show
No "Worry.
CHICAGO, Oct. 30.— Surrounded by 3000
Salvation Army mourners, who had gath
ered at the Princess rink to-night to pay
tribute to the memory of Mrs. Emma
Booth-Tucker, who was killed in a rail
road wreck last Wednesday night. Com
mander Booth-Tucker, in a sermon full of
pathos, told of the many good deeds per
formed by the dead leader. While speak
ing the husband, grief-stricken and weep
ing, stood at the head of the casket.
When the eulogy was finished there wa3
not a dry eye In the audience. The me
morial services were participated in by
many prominent officers of the army. At
the conclusion of the ceremonies the cof
fin containing the body was removed td
the Pennsylvania station and will be
taken to New York early to-morrow
morning. Commander Booth-Tucker will
travel on the same train and will be ac
companied by Colonel Sowton and a num
ber of other officers, including Ensign
Hester Dammes, who was private secre
tary to Mrs. Booth-Tucker and who wa3
with her- at the time of her death. On
arrival of the funeral train at New York
another service will be held and later the
body will be sent to London for Inter
ment.
ALLENTOWN, Pa., Oct. 3O.-Charle9
and John Bechtel, who are being held for
the murder of their sister, do not seem to
be worried about their positions. They
deny emphatically that' the girl was killed
in her home on Sunday night, and say
that she was not at home that night.
They declare that they were not aware
that they were suspected of a guilty
knowledge of hen murder. Speaking of
his brother Tom's suicide John said:
"I guess he was troubled too much. He
worried because he could not go to the
funeral." •
• .There was a rumor to-day that Mrs.
Bechtel, mother of the murdered girl, had
attempted suicide last night. At the time
it developed, however, that she was at
police headquarters.
Alfred Eckstein, Miss Bechtel's affianced
lover, who was held as a witness, was ad
mitted to bail to-day.
. While the family were attending the
funeral yesterday Chief Eastman made a
thorough search of the house. Blood spots
were discovered on the stairway leading
to the cellar.
Information was lodged to-day against
Mrs. Catherine Bechtel, Miss Myra Becb
tel, John and Charles Bechtel, charging
them as accessories after the act in the
murder of Mabel Bechtel.
SALVATIONISTS TO HONOR
MEMORY OF MRS. TUCKER
Treasurer Sinclair Is Vindicated.
SPOKANE. Oct. 30.— A' private cable
gram from Manila states mat Treasurer
Bartlett Sinclair of Rlzal province has
been vindicated of the charges of neglect
of his office and Is now on his way home.
One of his deputies, an American, was
convicted and sentenced to fifteen years'
imprisonment for stealing public funds.
Four Filipino deputies were also convict
ed. ' Sinclair resigned his ' office. In^ 1S9S
he was elected State Auditor of Idaho on
the fusion ticket and became especially
prominent during the • Coear dAlene riots
of 1899 as the representative of Governor
Steuenenberg.\
Memorial Services Will Be Held in
This City and Oakland on Sun
day and Tuesday.
The local division of the Salvation Army
will hold united memorial meetings in
this city and Oakland for the purpose of
paying a last tribute to the memory of
the late Mrs. Booth Tucker. The first
meeting will be held at the temple of the
army at Oakland on next Sunday and the
memorial services In this city will take
place at Lyric Hall on Eddy street on
Tuesday.
Colonel George French, commander of
the San Francisco division of the Salva
tion Army, will preside at the meeting in
this city. He will be assisted by the offi
cers of his staff. All the prominent Sal
vation Army officials will deliver ad
dresses and many well-known clergy
men, are also expected to be present and
pay tribute to the memory of the de
parted.
Colonel French yesterday dispatched a
telegram of condolence to the army head
quarters in New York. It was the Inten
tion of Colonel French to attend th«
funeral services, but as the last rites will
occur on Sunday It will be impossible for
him to be present.
Train Wreck Not Serious.
TOPEKA,.Kajra.. Oct. 30.— At the office
of Superintendent Hurley of the Santa.
Fe It was said to-night that the wreck of
passenger, train No. 5 at Howell, Kans..
last night was a small affair. Nobody. was
killed, as was at first reported. Two per
mju were Injured,' but not seriously. -
Chicago Publisher Asphyxiated.
CHICAGO. Oct. .30." — Horace L. Green
and his wife were found dead in bed
here to-day, the result of asphyxiation.
Green was publisher of the Free .Thought
Magazine. He was' 75 and his wife about
72 years old. The aged couple were prob
ably the victims of an accident. A gas
jet was found partly open..
threatened . to kill himself. He returned
from a ' trip down', town - late to-day and
bade his .wife good-by, saying he was go
ing away. ' He retired to , his bedroom and
locked the door. Mrs. Ridder suspected that
he meant. to shoot himself, and. with her
meant - to i, shoot i himself, , and with her
two children stood at the door and begged
him piteously not to injure ; himself. Rid
der placed the ; muzzle of a rifle . in hl3
mouth, and fired , It. The explosive shell
with? which It? was loaded blew his. head
completely off. ' w:'
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31; 1903.
. The members of -the .Young. Men's He
brew Association will', compete' in; special
club races at Sutro baths on Sunday
morning, Novamber'7. Only, memberg of
the association can -compete.] . . '
Will Start in Swimming Races.
Frar.klin K. Lane addressed three audi
ences last .night He spoke first out at
Ocean View, in Wolffs Hall, where a
great crowd had assembled to meet him.
LANE'S CAMPAIGN.
Addresses Three Audiences Which
Applaud His Renuirks.
The dairymen of San Francisco are en
thusiastic advocates of the candidacy of
Henry H. Lynch for Sheriff, because they
had enough of Peter J. Curtis when the
last named placed -his own interpretation
on the "two cow" ordinance.
Dairymen assert that the provisions of
the ordinance were applied rigidly ; to
those who did not buy hay of Curtis. The
story is told of one dairyman who com
plained of the hard features of the ordi
nance. He remarked that he would be
compelled to get out' of the business. An
other dairyman said "You won't have any
trouble if you buy your hay of Curtis."
The milk men will have an opportunity
next Tuesday of telling . Supervisor Cur
tis what they think about his style of In
terpreting a city ordinance for the,regu;
latlon of dairies. There. are many ; indi
cations that Curtis' two nominations, will
not bring about his election, as Henry H.
Lynch is everywhere regarded as the
friend of the workingman.
Dairymen Are Opposed to Supervisor
Peter J. Curtis.
TWO COW ORDINANCE.
"Funny" men were in prominence, as
usual, their silly shouts often stopping
the speakers for many minutes. When
.over a speaker asked a question It was
•a signal for a general boisterous upris
ing-
. When the Mayor arrived the applause
•makers on the stage started a racket and
the crowd in glee kept up the noise until
they " were tired. All the while Schmitz
Btood on the platform, mistaking the
grouts of the crowd as applause for. him
self and bowed and outstretched his arms.
While this noise was going on and the
: crowd was enjoying the Mayor's acting,
Trcadwell and Walter Gallagher, two of
the party's most adherent politicians, for
.got about a large bouquet they had pre
pared for the Mayor, and slipped out the
back door and took a large floral piece
around to the front, where it was given
to the ushers. Gallantly marching down
the aisles, shouting the while, the Jlcwer
boys passed the offering to the Mayor.
The applause makers from the stage,
assisted by Gallagher end Treadwell.
again arose to the occasion and by some
wild antics succeeded In keeping up the
racket.
The Mayor at last got started and dwelt
on the same old themes. He called the
attention of the. voters to his past good
rcford; to the prosperous times the city
had enjoyed during his administration; to
the strikes he had successfully settled; to
the good he would accomplish if re
elected. -
Hesaid that he was the workingman's
friend and would ever have for his slogan,
'"Equal rights to all and special privileges
to none." He told how the value of real
•cfcjate had risen during his incumbency
.In the Mayor's office and how capital had
beefi attracted to this city.
Lastly, he told the audience to support
him and the whole Union Labor ticket
oh the 3d of November If it did not want
to -go back into slavery again.
OUicrs who spoke were James A. De
. voto, J. KJ James -and a full list of Union
Labor Supervisor nominees.
The Mayor addressed two other meet
ings last night, one at- Wackenrcuder's
Urn}, corner of Eugenia avenue and Wool
street, the other at Greggains Hall, Sixth
a.ud Sh:ploy streets.
\ farce than a poL-cal meeting, the people
• taking more pleasure from the music and
. entertainment part of the programme
•than from anything the speakers had to
¦•?ay..
j tertairted by one of the most curious and
'¦irresponsible bunch of speech-makers ever
got -together.
-Judge" Treadwell led the wild gath
ering a.nd Introduced to the assemblage
W. J. Wendell, whose antics kept the
crow'd in an uproarous state for many
"minutes. The eloquent gentleman danoej
abaut the stage, waving his hands and
-feet in wild gesticulations and telling the
crowd how he txsted the finest Democrat
. ic speaker in the United States.
. The .crowd in the hall had a glorious
Xime, shouting and hollering all sorts of
-ridictslous remarks at the various speak
. ers.
. . The show was more in the nature of a
7The unfortunate case of ,the physician of Dcs Moines
who. in his endeavor to save ;the life of a child, inoculated
himself with a deadly poison, presents to Americans one of
those rare examples of heroism in which we all take pride.
,While he " waits to know if death be the due of his • service
his ideed will be ' heralded < more sincerely than the exploits
of soldiers or of men who give up their lives in' strife. :
Invalid bonds, mysterious fatherless notes, gold bricks,
dodging directors,^ crooked officials, gross impositions upon
the public, .and dishonesty, special and specific, have char
acterized the revelations in the investigation of the ship
building trust. A few exhibits. in convict stripes and the
occasional, entry -of a new arrival at a penitentiary would
complete the picture , and preserve the unities. .
"Biiilds Unusual Coffin.
Eaya.an exchange: "A German who
died In Missouri recently was buried in a
remarkable coffin. He was a very eccen
tric old fellow, tiOroe time ago be fenced
off a piece of ground on his farm. Just
large enough for two graves, and he re
quested that here the bodies of his wife
and himself- be laid. Many years before
he had made his coffln. It was mad* of
hard oak, finely finished and. varnished a
jet blacll. It was a long, plain box, not
rudely constructed, but simply made. It
had no handles, but was nicely lined in
side The -covering for. this cotlin was
really a miniature house roof. Not: only
was It shaped like a house roof, with- a
comb, eaves and cornices, but ; It was
made of shingles. -The' cover or. roof - of
this quaint habitation, for: the body of this
man was neatly put together. The shln-
The World'aFair landscape department
will plant hundreds of Lombardy poplars
around the national French pavilion and
the work when finished will be a repro
duction of the beautiful Burdens of Ver
sailles. The landscape department had
laid 25.000 square yards of blue grass sod
by the middle of September. Twice that
amount will .be laid before the work Is
complete. .The sod is taken from St. Louis
County and hauled to the" exposition
grounds by the carload. '
Notes From St. Louis.
The United States , fisheries building at
the World's Fair at St. Louis Js ; finished.
Mr. Snyder, the representative of the
United States Fish Commission, is on the
grounds and is nearly ready for the in
stallation of exhibits. -
THREE PER CENT— W. H., Thoreau,
N. M. June 13, 1898, the Secretary of the
United States Treasury was authorized
to Issue not to exceed $100,000,000 of cer
tificates of indebtedness to^. bear Interest
not to exceed 3 per cent per annum, not
exceeding one year from date of Issue.
He was also authorized to issue 3 per
cent bonds not to exceed . $400,000,000. re
deemable in ten years and payable In
twenty years, the proceeds to be used
only to meet the anticipated war expen
diture. The funded loan of 1S91 at 4% per
cent was contln'-ed at 2 per cent.
The nigger in the woodpile isn't a mark
er to the tarantula in the bananis.-Port
land Orcgonian.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. oOc a pound, in artistic flre
etehed boxes. - A nice presenWor Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids. *
"Special information .supplied dally tn
business houses and public men by thd
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main IXX *
Some of the hysterical newspapers published for the
patronage .of our, Canadian friends are fearful that in our
,greed 'of conquest we may set designing- eyes upon Green
land and annex it. to our expanding and glorious republic.
Let the alarmists still their fears. We won't need Green
land until we discover the north pole, and then we may
make it a way statipn for bur airships on the journey north
TROOPS— F. E. G.. City. From the re
port of the adjutant's office, Washing
ton . D. C, it appears that the troops
sent to the Philippines prior to July IS,
1902, was 413S officers and 123.S03 men.
EGGLESTON— E. C. J., City. The ad
dress of Edward Egzleston, the writer,
is in summer Joshuas Rock on Lake
George. New York: In winter Century
Club, New York City.
CRIBBAGE— Subscriber. City. It Is an
old time rule of cribbace that should
either party, neglect to play when he can
come In, under thirty-one," his adversary
may mark two holes.
The wealthy owner of a Tucson hotel looked too long
upon tanglefoot the other day and in true Arizonan style
proceeded to "shoot up" the establishment, frightening
women into hysterics, driving men to the^tall trees. and
sending his loving'spouse to cover in the cellar. His esca
pade is like the flavor of old wine, reviving in memory that
splendid touch of local color for which Arizona once was
famous and unique.
PAJARO VALLEY— Stranger, Oakland,
Cal. Pajaro Valley in Santa Cru* County
was so named by Father Junipero Serra.
who discovered it in 1763. The nam»
means bird valley.
Answers to Queries.
UNITED STATES TREASURY-J. ©;
City. The assets of the United States
Treasury December SI," 1333, were $808,763.
148. Twelve months later the amount waa
$732,754,290.
Purely by accident it has been discovered that the Mace
donian Committee thought very seriously recently of kid
naping an American millionaire, then resident in "the land
of thievery and assassination, and holding him for ransom
by the Government at Washington. In their splendid
projects of outrage and murder the Macedonians should
learn something of American politics. We think very ihuch
of our missionaries andvvcry little of our millionaires. We
have only one Miss Stone and scores of Cranes.
Smoking in Sunday-School.
(At Wellington. Somerset, not inns ¦so. boys
were Induced to come to Sunday-school by
tribes of cigarettes and tobacco. On certain of
the scholars this Is said to tave bad disastrous
effects.)
Oh, teacher. I'm so happy
In my tittle Sunday-school:
For my plp« is drawing nicely.
And the mixture's sinoklns cool.
And I find it very pleasant
Just to sit here blowing: rings.
While you give. us your reflections
On the Babylonian kin^3.
On a morninr In October
I resolved to chanire my wayt.
When you caucht me, teacher. oappiasJ
Tou had chased me many days —
For you whispered to m< gently.
As in vain I strova to pass,
"I have smokes for little children
Who attend their Scripture class."
Oh. teachar, Tm — excuse ui«
For a moment. If. you will:
I am feeling slightly — botner!
Why won't the floor keep still?
The bench on which I'm sitting
Peems as frisky as a lamb.
Am I— am I going— gains;
Am I roing to — yes, I AM!
— London Glob*.
An Oriental Rebuke.
Wong Kai Kah, commissioner for China
to the St. Louis Exposition, administered
to his fellow passengers on the liner
which brought him to San Francisco a
lesson which few of them will forget.
Highly educated, occldentallzed and de
lightfully companionable, the commis
sioner, was the star passenger and high
favorite before the Hongkong Maru en
tered the Golden Gate. For the first few
days of the passage, however, his time
was taken up with his own affairs and
his fellow travelers saw little of him.
Wong dresses in Chinese garb. To the
a-vt-rage Anglo-Saxon all Chinese look
aliKe and such passengers as addressed
him did so through the medium of that
curious abomination known as "pidgin"
English. , ;
J "Watch me Jolly the haughty Chink."
said a man from New York one bright
forenoon. Aa Wong approached the group
in which the speaker was sitting the New
York man advanced and In a loud voice
bald:*
"Washee mailer, Wong, old man? Belly
muchee hot. Allee time no bleeze. Blme
by you and I go bottom-side,, take one
piecee long grin flxzee."
Laying a hand on the shoulder of his
misguided, .would-be host but ordained
victim. Wong, speaking without a trace
of fortign accent, delivered himself In a
loud voice as follows:
"My dear sir,I_have heard a great deal
about 'pidgin* English. When at school
in' Hartford, Conn., however, where I be
gan the study of botany and philosophi
cal subjects, I came to the conclusion it
was impracticable. At Harvard and And
over I found no use for it and in China
my own langauge serves me passing well.
Under the circumstances, nay time being
otherwlsa fully, and. I think, more profit
ably occupied. I never acquired what I
understand to be an amusing but not very
Intellectual form of patois. I do not un
derstand 'pidgin' English, sir. I' wish
you would not use It in addressing me. If
French, Germau or Spanish, or even
Uatin, Greek or Hebrew would suit you
better than the English I prefer to speak.
I could manage to follow the thread of
your discourse. But no "pidgin' English-
Cut that out; sir."
The New Yorker that night paid for
much cold wine and Wong Kai Kah, the
vindicated, proved himself a good fellow
by Joining In, the festivities and demon
strated his occidentallsation bj/ proposing
the famous navy toast:
"To our wives and sweethearts. May
they never.meet."
•-velocity will lift and earn* along with it
line sand; while a velocity four times as
great will -sweep alors fine gravel, and
water moving at the rate cf two miks an
*iour will c^rry alor.s story, r as big as a
rtenV crr. There is har-J'.y any limit 10
.the elze cf ¦ a pebble that wou'd be rolled
*i1org by a current of ffx or eight miles
*n."hov:r. blocks as. his a» houses b'. ing
• Sometimes -=et in motion and tran?i>or5.ed
for cjr.Fiderable distances.-
" # ln various ways cr.e can obtain positive
* eviaVrioe of this pewer of water transpor
tation.. .I'f. lor instance, ho -attempts to
wade-acrcrs the Plattc River in Nebraska.
- which ip overloaded with sand, and has
a rradient of Beten or eight fret to the
mile, and hence a very rapid current, he
tdll find his bare Icps stur;^ by the par
0cl<s of sand ami fine gravel that are
driven against them. Or if after a storm
one pauses to listen he will hear what
eounds. like distant cr.r.nonadlnsj. iiroductd
. by'the knocking of the stones together as
tfcpy are rolled along upon the bottom of
the stream.
. The erosive power of a stream flowing
over a rocky bed is determined by its abil
ity to chove along sand and pebbles and
gravfl over its bottom. It Is thesp par
ticles of eolid matter that accoinpliah the
erosion, acting as a rasp, or sandpaper,
or more properly a sand blast, to remove
'tb*» .solid rock beneath and deepen the
channel of a stream. In ord«r to do this,
however, there ha* W be proper adjust
jnent between the supply. of loose solid
matter to be transported and the volume
and velocity of the water. If there is
'more sand and gravel than the current
can handle, this will accumulate upon the
bottom and fill up rather than deepen the
bed. If there is too little material the
stream will flow over the rocks without
effecting much erosion, while If there is
JuiVthe right amount of solid material to
be shoved along it will deepen the chan
nel with great rapidity.
There are many striking examples of
•tbe work which has been accomplished by
rivers in deepening and widening their
channels. We look upon the rise of moun
tain chains as being most majestic
illustrations of the power of natural
forces, but the fact is equally impre»slve
that in many cases rivers which run
across the line of mountain elevation are
eble to wear down their channels as fast
•* the mountains rise, and thus maintain
their ancient onward course. The Hudson
Hiver has thus sawed down a channel
through the -solid rocks which in ancient
Rf ologic times arwc across its course at
West Point and below, all that plctur
*>*que valley of the Hudson being a valley
of erosion. The Delaware River has worn
an even more striking gorge through the
Blue Ridge at the Delaware Water Gap,
%here it cuts directly across the very
hard strata of Medina sandstone consti
tuting the Blue Ridge, forming perpendic
ular walls on cither 6lde 1000 feet in
•height. Similar gorges are found In the
Susquehanna and Potomac and many
other rivers along the Appalachian chain
Just above where they emerge upon the
Burrounding lowland. We often speak of
Buch rivers as "bursting" through their
barrier. But there was no bursting in
the operation. These gorges were cut by
the slow process which we have described,
the rivers lowering their channels gradu
ally as the mountains slowing rose across
them.
. Among the most striking examples of
rivers which have by erosion kept pace
•with the elevation of mountains across
their course is that of the Columbia Riv
«»r, in Oregon, which crosses the Cascade
• Mountains, where for a long distance it
occupies a trough running • directly
through the mountain chain thousands of
feet in depth. Another very striking in
etariCe Is that to. be seen In the Amur
Klver where it crosses the Bureya Moun
tains. In -Eastern Siberia. -For nearly 100
miles the stream crosses this range with
a gradient that is continuous with that of
Gecrrre Frederick VTrigfet.
NEGRO PEONAGE.
THERE is no doubt tntt the people, of the North look
with a degree of complacency upon suppression of
the negro vote in the South. The constitutions of
the Southern States which have been so amended as to
strike down the franchise that is conferred upon negroes
by the fifteenth amendment all make a remote provision
for the electoral rights of negroes in the future, based upon
an educational qualification. .The merit of this vague protn
«se, however, consists in giving free and ample educational
advantages to the young of that race. It is plain that, with
the ballot to protect him, the negro can secure for himself
the opportunity of education. But without the ballot he
must look to the white voters for educational privileges.
What he may expect in the matter is shown by recent
events in Mississippi. In that State ji Governor has been
chosen upon the issue that the white people will permit
oniy the taxes paid by negroes to be devoted to schools
for that race, and that the expenditure of such taxes for
that purpose shall be wholly in the hands of. the whites.
This limitation and segregation of the school fund is de
structive of the purpose of the free, common school sys
tem. No one will reasonably expect that even the taxes paid
by the negroes will be so used by the whites as to produce
what they should of proper school facilities. If the power
exist to so limit the endowment of public schools for
negroes, it also exists to permit a limitation of the use of
the poor facilities that will be provided. It will be seen
that under such circumstances the promise that the ballot
shall be the prise of intelligence and education is of but
little value. It may, as a legal proposition, validate the
constitutions of which it is a part, but practically it will be
useless.
Already other aggressions arc appearing, in the train
of those constitutions which nullify the fifteenth amend
ment. It is in human, nature to get something for nothing,
and in no direction is this disposition more plainly mani
fested than in the desire of man to own his fellow man, or
to get the benefit of his labor without compensation. In
South Carolina and Alabama, it is revealed by judicial pro
ceedings that negroes in large numbers' have been reduced
to involuntary servitude. The process is cloaked under
various pretenses, usually being considered as the satisfac
tion of an execution for debt. But, under whatever excuse
it flourishes, it is practically the reduction of the negroes
to a condition of slavery. It is now-announced that this
system is generally prevalent in Louisiana, 'and in the
parish of Ouachita it has been under investigation by the
Federal authorities, and the courts of the United States
are appealed to for its suppression. .; .,.
The people of the , North are apparently willing, to see
the fifteenth' amendment fall into disuse, though even the
Democratic State convention of Massachusetts protests
against its repeal. But* between the disuse of that amend
ment and consequent suppression of the negro vote, : and
the denial of schooling and his re-enslaverhent, there is a
wide gulf. The Northern sentiment, which listens
approvingly to Senator Tillman's diatribes against the
political equality and domination of the negro, and believes
that white minorities should , not be governed by ; black
majorities, will not be found-indifferent to this recrudes
cence of slavery. The thirteenth and fourteenth i amend
ments were made necessary by the result, of the Civil War.
To have won in that struggle and then to have written no
new authority into the Federal' constitution would have
made « the war an inconsequential folly, a useless sacrifice,
a mighty effort without "excuse '. for its beginning and with
out glory at its ..close. Soothe thirteenth amendment "was
incorporated, providing that:- "Neither slavery nor invol
untary servitude,. except as a punishment for crime whereof
the party shall have been duly, convicted, shair exist within
the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction."
Southern peonage, proved to be prevalent in niany~ States,"
clearly nullifies that amendment. When 'involuntary- ser T
vitude for debt is enforced, either by State law 1 ; or 'local
custom, or by taking advantage of the weakness or ignor
ance of its victim, the thirteenth amendment is violated.
" The' fourteenth amendment was likewise made necessary
by the Civil. War and its result. It makes all persons born
or naturalized in this country citizens of the United States
and of the State wherein they reside, and forbids the abridg
ment of their rights as human beings, and deprivation of
life, liberty or property, without due process of law.
Many Republican leaders and wise men devoted to the
maintenance of the Union and of the rights of- man have
admitted that the fifteenth amentknent differs from the
other two. The thirteenth amendment was declared in
force December , 18, .1865, before the disbanding of the
Union armies had been completed. The fourteenth was
put in force July 28, 1868, three years after the close of the
war, but after its necessity, as supplemental to the thirteenth
amendment, had become clear. But the fifteenth amend
ment, the enfranchising clause, did not become a part of
the constitution until March 30, 1870. As we have said,
many wise men admit that in its adoption was the clement
of a partisan necessity. While history leaves no doubt that
before the war was half over its secondary purpose was
revealed to be the destruction of slavery, at no time was
negro enfranchisement one of its objects. That came later,
in response to a supposed political necessity. But, notwith
standing that, there was in the fifteenth amendment a
higher purpose than partisan interest. There were those who
advocated it as necessary to the negro for the preservation
of his freedom. 'Let the South beware of proving that
they were right. Let the South beware of proving to the
Norih that nullification of the fifteenth amendment is not
for the purpose of saving white people from negro rule,
but is for the purpose of returning negroes to slavery.
No More Waste of Pozvder.
According to English naval reports Ad
miral Sir John Fisher, the new naval com
mander in chief and Governor of Ports
mouth, who is regarded in naval circles
In Europe as among the most eminent of
the English naval commanders of the
present day, has introduced a reform at
Portsmouth which might be copied with
advantage both in this country and
abroad. He has issued an order abolish
ing three-fourths of the salutes custom
ary in the- service. Every warship arriv
ing at Splthead until now, even if only
for a stay of a few hours, has been com
pelled to salute the flag of the commander
in chief with a number, of guns, the sa
lute being acknowledged In the same man.
ncr. In future visiting ships are not to
fire salutes. The captains are, aa hereto
fore, required to pay their respects to the
admiral, but Sir John Fisher does not
want any mofe of what the renowned Mr,
Mantalinl would describe as "dem'd non
senso" In the form of t salutes of iom»
twenty-four guns. Of course, this order
only applies to English ships. But it would
be a great advantage if other nations
were to adopt the reform as well. as. a
large amount of money is wasted each
year in these salutes.
JVor.ders of Human Body.
BT W. R. C. LATSON. ML D.
(Editor Health Culture Mapazine. X«*w York.)
The human body is the result of na
ture's best efforts through millions of
years to build a perfect mechanism. A
slmp'e and beautiful illustration of this Is
found in the arrangement of the fibers
which support the rounded ends of the
leng bonos. In the femur, the long bone
of the upper leg. the strain upon the up
per end comes in every direction, because
not only must this portion of the kg sup
port the entire weight of the body, but
the joint, being a ball and socket or "uni
versal" joint, the head of the bone must
resist pressure In evfry direction.
Man must have been well on toward
civilization before he began to u.=e pipes
anil tubes vo conduct water from the
spring to his garden, kitclun or horse
trough. And yet, in his own wonderful
body, there art at least iX»W mlUs of tub
iKfrLpipf n to carry blood, to carry Jymph,
to carry all the many fluids of thft body
from one point to another. The human
body, in fact, is more than four-fifths wa
ter, and this water, in the form
of various fluids. blood, lymph,
chyme. chyle, perspiration and so
on. is in constant fluctuation. Every
:!ushins, paling, shiver-i-every laugh.
yawn or movement— means a change In
the wondenul tides of the body. The
iSdt-s of the body— a volume might be
VTittta about them! And these tides, for
the most part, occur through the medium
of the tubes of the bedy.
The tubes range in size from the alimen
tary tube, which has a dlamettr of from
one to several ir.chts- and a length of
about thirty feet, to the smallest blood
tabes i known as capillaries, from their
supposed resemblance to a hair, although
they are much smaller than any hair),
seme cl which ar^ less tiian one twenty
five thousandth cf an inch in diameter.
Th«tsr- fine hairlike tubes (.capillaries)
I*ne;rate the Ufeucs everyivh. re in a deli
taite network. This capillary network is
the theater of several very important and
interesting operations, of which we will
speak moi--- fully in future articles.
Then we have the filters of the body,
which axe among the most striking of ail
the body's marvels. First of all their
number is beyond all computation. All
the various fluids of the botly— saliva,
feastrio juice, bile. Intestinal fluid, pan
creatic juice, tears, perspiration, sinovial
fluid and many others— are all elaborated
out of the bloud by means of cells, each
one of which is a minute lUter. . And the
most wonderful thing about these tiller*;
Is, after all. not their number or their
minute size, but" the fuel that they are
living niters, wide awake and intelligent.
Each knows what it wants and takes up
from the blood just that and nothing else.
V'usuully these tiny filter cells combine,
placing themselves side by side and form
ing what 5s called a gland. These glands
are always surrounded by a thick net
work of line b'ood tubes (capillaries > just
described, out of which tha collection of
filler cells, called a gland, selects th« ele
ments it nee-ds to produce the particular
fluid required. These glands are infinite
ly numerous and vary in size from those
too small to be seen with the naked eye
up to the liver, the largest gland In the
body, which is about a foot long and
¦weighs four pounds. The glands are very
Interesting and important and will be giv
en a chayter to themselves later.
Other Interesting mechanical devices of
the body sire the bellows and the camera.
The former is found in the lungs, or
rather in the action of the trunk, which
permits the operation of the lungs. The
chest, like the bellows, tends always to
return to the collapsed condition. The
muscles, however, which are attached to
the ribs and to other fixed parts above
them, have an action which forces them
upward and farther apart, and thereby
Increases the capacity of the chest cav
ity. This increase of the size of the
chest causes the air to rush in, and thus
the lungs are filled.
The eyeball corresponds most perfectly
to the darkroom of a camera, and the
eye to the sensitive plate. The resem
blance is complete, even to the Inversion
of the image. It Is not generally known
perhaps that the image thrown on the
retina of the eye, like the image which
the photographer sees when he ducks un
der the black cloth, is upside down. Yet
In reality everybody sees everything up
side down. This matter will be more
fully discussed in an article on vision.
Meantime we may mention that many of
the most ingenious attachments invented
for the camera are merely clumsy varia
tions of nature's beautiful devices install
ed many millions of years ago in the vis
ual apparatus of the animal.
Of the body as a commonwealth, of its
marvelous water way. Its Irrigation sys
tem, its fluctuating tides, its musical in
struments, Its rhythms and its warfares
all these will furnish texts for future ar
ticles. Thus far we have merely taken
a quick glance at a few of the countless
wonders of the human body.
Italian King's Simplicity.
"One great source of the popular sym
pathy enjoyed by King Victor Emmanuel
is his complete absence of vanity. In
which he again presents a striking con
trast to his friend, the Emperor William."
says a Paris correspondent of the London
Times.
"On a certain festive occasion. In reply
to a pompous and florid discourse by ona
of his Ministers, the King, instead of a
regular speech in the same style, content
ed himself with a warm shake of the
hand and a Thank you.' to the scandal
and dismay of the court. In concert with
the Queen, he suppressed "le ridicule
quadrille d'honneur" at the court balls,
and thus relieved a number of gouty and
decrepit celebrities of the necessity of
taking a turn on the floor with Princesses
and ladles of honor. Victor Emmanuel
considered that to be an absurd and hu
miliating spectacle and abolished It. His
taste for the automobile affords him op
portunities of avoiding tedious and ex
pensive official receptions. He is opposed
to all state parade, and has quite ex
cluded It from his private life. He loves
solitude and tranquillity and speaks of
his island retreat of Monte Cristo — a aoi
itude suspended between sea and sky— as
his moral sanitarium.'*
Motive Pozvcr of Water.
VY GEORGE FREDERICK WRIGHT, A. M..
. - LL.D.
(Author of ¦"Tin- lee As* in North America,"
•'Min snd th« Olaclan Period."
• •¦Asiatic KuF?ia,"' Etc.
T»e power of running water to remove
6and. j?ravtl and pebbles increases In a
rtnijrrkable degree with the increase in
velocity, .so that mining engineers can
make accurate calculations concerning the
Velocity, which is necessary to remove
stones cf a certain size from their sluice
ways. The transporting powc; increases
rlxty-/our times with each doubling of
the -velocity;- so that if you increase the
.-velocity threefold you have increased the
transporting power of the water ?Jft times,
and if you quadruple it you have In
creased the v»cigrht cf the p»bhle which It
•w-ciild move 40C6 times. Th!s at first
thought se«ms incredible, but it is never
theless true, and prt pares us to appre
ciate the astonishing results that are pro
duced by running water.
.Water moving- three feet in a second, or
a mile in six hours, will carry along with
It particles of fine clay and kfep them in
'suspension. Water moving at twice that
gles were made to fit very closely, and
Air. Glampee displayed much " skill tn
building it. The cover was varnished the
same as the balance of the coffin. When
the time came for putting the mortal
frame of Mr. Glampee Into his self-made
home, it was found that the coffln .was
several inches too short. But It wai re
called that that was the way Its builder
had Intended It should be. And, In ac
cordance with his request, his body was
placed in the coffln with his feet protrud
ing out at the bottom end."
WITHIN the last few days the political atmosphere of San Francisco, which for weeks lias
been clouded by false issues, absurd pretensions and the babel of conflicting pleas and as
pirations, has cleared. It is well for the voter that now his own good judgment, his own
common sense, his analysis of the events which have been agitating the city, point out to
him inevitably the correct course to' pursue at the polls. The cries of partisans, the buncombe of pro
fessional heelers, the pitiable, slanders of the chickadee newspapers fortunately count for 1 nothing with
the mechanic who wishes well for his city and with the merchant whose prosperity is absolutely de
pendent upon good government, safe administration and the proper, economical expenditure of public
monevs. .
In the triangular fight for Mayor One fact cannot be gainsaid. It stares at the intelligent voter in
every sign of the campaign. It speaks in the records of public meetings and in the opinions of men
who' place the welfare of" their city above petty partisanship. It is told in the movement and fluctuation
of parties and in the changes in party affiliations. It is plain beyond dispute to every one having interest
enough to observe. This fact is pre-eminently that Franklin K. Lane is hopelessly third in the Mayor
alty contest and cannot by any stretch of sympathy or imagination be considered a factor in the race.
Every vote cast for him is a vote wasted. Every vote for hinvis negatively a vote against good gov
ernment. Every ballot given in compliment to him is a trifling with serious issues ancUa jeopardy to
the proper administration of San Francisco and its affairs.
Every voter who has at heart the best interests of his city, who wishes to see it prosperous and
proo-ressivc.who wishes to see workingmen employed and well paid and merchants successful in their
undertakings, who desires a moral, healthful, businesslike conduct of public affairs, must silence senti
ment and accept conditions. He must recognize that in this campaign the Mayor counts for much as the
representative of policies and principles and as their active administrator in office.
The voter, then, in duty bound must cast his ballot for him who has naturally the best chance
to win and who represents in himself and in his personal and party following the better elements of
political and civic life. It is plain, therefore, to every one that Franklin K. Lane cannot win, and that
Henry I. Crocker can. A vote for Lane is a wasted endeavor, whatever its motive, and a vote for
Crocker is a distinct, material contribution to the cause of a growing, healthful, progressive city. This
It is plain that the natural partisan support of Lane is divided beyond hope of union,, while that
of Crocker is enthusiastic, rational, systematic and thoroughly organized in united front. While a vote
tor Lane does not figure positively in the Mayoralty contest, one foi* Crocker contributes to a result,
and that result should be the intimate concern of every well-meaning citizen of San Francisco. Those
that have followed the progress of the campaign have noticed, if they have noticed anything, that
where Lane was received a year ago with acclamations and every demonstration of sympathy and sup
port he is now greeted with jeers, insults and repudiation that ' has bordered on personal violence.
Wherever he has gone to this, his natural following, he has done so at the hazard of new indignities.
On the other hand, Crocker has entered even this stronghold, that was a year ago Lane's and is
now divided; and has met with such marked encouragement as to hold forth every indication of material
support from it. ! Again, to enforce doubly this condition, Crocker stands at the head of a united party
which has been cleansed of its parasites. His long career as a man of business and a merchant has won
him the emphatic, non-partisan indorsement of men whose only partisanship in municipal politics is an
insistent demand for a clean, honest, economical and businesslike administration. Can there be, then,
any question to the voter of what to do? On the one hand a vote is wasted and great interests are
jeopardized. On the other the cause of healthy city government is indorsed and supported and aid is
given to the restoration of the city's good name. It is before the voters to choose.
A SOLEMN DUTY OF CITIZENSHIP.
the vast prairie regions above and below.
Th© Yenisei River has cut a similar gorge
across the granite mountain chain which
rose up to separate the fertile plains of
Minusinsk from the vaster plains of
Northern Siberia.
• • •
Coming to our own country, we have in
addition to the streams already men
tioned gorges and canyons on a most im
pressive scale In the upper part of the
Susrjuehanna River, where the east
branch cuts across the Allegheny Moun
tains south of the State of New York and
forms the beautiful Wyoming Valley,
which is wholly one of erosion. The west
branch has likewise cut a gorge of equal
dimensions fifty miles or more in length
west of Williamsport, which is fully 1000
feet In depth, as one can see by the fact
that here the coal mines on either side
are. that distance above the bed of the
stream and of the railroad track. Coming
to the other side of the Allegheny Moun
tains one strikes into the various branches
of the Ohio River and finds himself in a
trench several hundred feet below the
general level of the land and extending
for more than 1000 miles in length until
the river emerges Into the center of the
Mississippi Valley. The upper part of the
Mississippi occupies a similar gorge for a
etlll greater distance. Everywhere along
this portion of their course on ascending
either side of the rivers to the summit one
will find himself upon a vast plain, ex
tending off in either direction, whose main
superficial irregularities are those which
bave been produced by the erosion of the
countless smaller streams which joined
together make the great rivers.
"Quartz" Billings Talks.
Down in one of the hotels on lower
Kearny 6treet, where every old miner
who comes to town to spend his "wad"
sits around the checker table and min
gles yarns with his chewing tobacco, old
"Quartz" Billings of Tonopah wa9 de
claiming against the peculiarities of Ne
vada justice the other night.
"There was that row of the Ragtown
milkmen to prove that there ain't enough
justice In that State to put in your eye,"
quoth Quartz, accurately flooding a fly at
ten feet range. "Now, there was Smoky
Watson, who kinder 'spicioned Yaller
Dick— I disremember his last name — of
milkin' the cows belongin' to' him and
sellin' the milk after sklmmln' oft the
cream, to feed his bullpups with. Smoky
didn't mind the stealln 1 of the milk so
much as he did the feedln* of the cream
to Yaller Dick's bull pups: but arfyway he
hadTTaller Dick arrested. ..i-.vv*
"Well, they got a jury together before
Old Tribunal in Washoe City. The evi
dence that cum in in that case was
enough to string forty horse thieves, but
the most of it showed that Yaller Dick's
wife did most of the milkln' of Smoky's
cows, so the jury came in and found Tal
ler Dick guilty of milkin* a cow in the
second degree. -
"The Jedge he couldn't find a punish
ment to fit the milkln' of a cow in the
second. degree, and he wore out the town
dlcshunary lookin* for one, so Yaller Dick
went free and jestlce was beaten agin.
"And then there was the case of the fel
ler that killed and et up Bueno to Hell's
calf. Bueno to Hell was purty fond of
that calf, and when he found its hide
hangin' in a- big greaser's cabin he bought
up the Sheriff's office and had the greaser
landed in the callboose. Well, that greas
er certalntly put up a good case of self
defense.
"He said he was workin' in a tunnel,
and he was drivln* in the side of a hill
when he looked up Into . the face of that
calf. The tunnel was so narrow the calf
couldn't turn round, and it had the string
halt and couldn't back up. The greaser
said he tried to get over and around the
calf, but he couldn't make it, and the
Critter wouldn't He down. So he took a
pick and dug his way through the calf to
liberty.
"The Jedge didn't believe th? story, and
told the greaser to go and bring the tun
nel..Into court as an exhibit. ¦ Well, the
greaser lit out, and some say he pulled
the tunnel in after him: but anyway he
ain't been seen since, no more'n has the
man "that rot took in at that busted mtn
in' camp Excelsior, about who Charley
Goodwin wrote:
" "The \BLtt of him that was ever seen
Was at JIufTaker's drinking nltro-glycerln.' "
The Slreher in the Dark.
"I Won't wake the poor devil up. I'll
Just shove his feet off the sidewalk Into
the doorway and let him have his sleep
out."
Thus soliloquized a big:, burly police of
ficer out on Laguna street the other night
as he stood over the figure of a man
that was stretched out on the pavement-
Stooping, he grasped the ankles of the
sleeptr and carelessly swung the oift
stretched legs into the doorway.
An hour lattr he passed the spot again.
The sletper was still there. The officer
looked at his watch and noted that it was
after 3. "I'll have to get him out of here
before the sergeant shows up," he mut
tered; '"I'll give him a half hour more to
snooze."
Thirty minutes later' the good-natured
officer again stood over the figure in the
doorway. "Here, old man/' he said, not
unkindly, "time's up. Hike out of this."
Not a move came in response to the of
ficer's words. Startled, he took a match
from his pocket and struck it on the wall.
One glance at the face In the doorway he
took and then straightened up. "He has
had his sleep out. all right." he softly eaid
aa he walked over to the call box. "Send
the dead wagon to Fine and Laguna" was
the message he sent.
THE SAN FB*AN G ISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ... • • .. • .Address AU Commonications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office.................... .T.. ......... ,<t^^^> ... ... . . .". . .. • . • ? • -.Third and Market Street vS. F.
SATURDAY ............... . .\ .¦.,..-.¦..,.¦...•• •¦•¦^ .i-.- •••-• .OCTOBERji^S
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAIiiifc SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1903.
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESthibd ajhttjai* ball or
GAELIC DANCING CLUB
Sons and Daughters of Old Erin Will
Hake Merry at Mechanics' Pa
vilion This Evening.
The Gaelic Dancing Club, affiliated with
the Gaelic League of California, will
hold Its third grand ball this evening at
Mechanics' Pavilion. Elaborate prepara
tions have been made for the event. The
grand march, which will begin at 8:JJ
o'clock, will be led by 230 ladies and gen
tlemen of the club in costume.
A pretty feature will be a grand march
at ISO tittle boys and girls. This march
will conclude with an exhibition of Irish
fancy dances by the youngsters. The
Pipers' Club of San Francisco, composed
of fifty. Irish musicians, will make its
first appearance ; to-night and will dis
course ancient Irish melodies.
Joseph P. Kelleber }s chairman of tiie
arrangement? committee. M. J. Hessicu «
will be floor manager and will be assisted
by James Scully and P. J. Crowe. Three
thousand tickets have been sold for the
event.* The doors of the pavilion will be
opened at 7:li o'clock/ so as to prevent
BUDAPEST. Oct. 30.— Count Appooyi ha» {
ten<tered his resignation as president of ths I
lower hcore of tbe Hungarian Diet. i
Special Services at Cathedral.
The golden jubilee of the foundinsr of
the diocese of San Francisco will be cele
brated at St. Mary's Cathedral to-mor
row rnorains at 11 o'clock with a pontifi
cal hlgrh mass. A sperial choir will ting
sacred hymns selected for the occasion
and the church will be beautifully decora
ted.
Society Gives Annual Eail.
.The St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance As
sociation ffave a dance last evening In
Urvieo Square HalL The entertainment
was glyen in celebration of the thirtieth
anniversary of the society, vu well at
t»»nded and proved a success.
Federal Court Notes.
J. J. Moore filed a libel yesterday In J
the United States District Court against 1
the steanur Lytton to recover $33',} dam- :
ages for breach of charter party.
George EL Bryan: filed a suit yesterday
in the United States Circuit Court against
the Universal Automobile Company to re
cover CS.G0O damages for the less of his
sight by a piece of steel lodging in his
eye while he was working in the shop.-
He alleges that his accident was due to
tbe negligence of the defendant. ¦
Hackdriver Is Injured.
M. J. Duffy, a hackdrlver residing at
50} Howard street, was unseated from
his position on the box at the crossing of
Pag* and Scott streets yesterday fore
noon by a Page-street car. He was re
moved to the Park Emergency Hospital;
where several abrased wounds on his
head were dressed.
SIGNS AUTHORIZATION
TO CLEAN CHINATOWN
Haver Schmitz Approves Ordinance
Appropriating S50DO From Urgtnt
Necessity Fund for Purpose.
Mayer Schinltx affixed his si»;natur«
yesterday to the ordinance passed by the
Board of Supervisors appropriating GOO.i
cut of the urgent necessity fund for the
purpose of continuing the work of putting
Chinatown in sanitary condition by thoi -
ou«h ckanicg.
The Mayer was at first disinclined tu
Eign the measure in view of the fact tha.1
the Uw requires the owners of unsanitary
premises to clean them at their own ex
pense. The Mayor ascertained that al
ready the Board of Health has expended
S1L233 3 in cleaning the district. 15000 of
which amount was specifically set astje
in the present budget. However, as the
State and Federa! authorities are Inter
ested'In the matter and the State has
contributed et>me money for the work, tli*:
Mayor felt that it was incumbent upon
him to ?'.?ti the ordinance, especially is
the Health Board has stated that the
J3X» will be suiSeient to complete tfcv
work of making Chinatown perfectly san
itary.
Pcstcffice Clerks.
' Th* United £ta.t?s Ctrl! Service Coramis
•*• •' a-r. '-I"-- •= th&t a. special examina
tion will ire held at Napa, CaL. Xov'eniber
, It. .fcr lh« position* of clerk and carrier
!n the postoSce service la that city. The
• :*=-vr.£: - r. held at Napa in May. 1303.
'•failed to .result in a s-uJUcient number of
eligible* 'to sapply the reeds of the post
cS«" e»rvice in that city. Age- iizsit. 1»
«to <5'*yea.n for ail positions. Apply either
fo tht secretary. Consolidated Board of
. Ciyfl Service Examiners. *M Jacksoa
street, fean Francisco, or to the auxiliary
***Cr»tary, Xapa postofiic*, for application
f orra 1Q,1 • and instructions to applicants.
Applications will be received at Xapa up
ta th* hour ef examination.
To-Day's News Letter.
The b>>5t politiral satire of the campaign Is
"MS. found in a beer ktg." It is a Tery witty
account of what miffht happen to San Fran
cisco.
In the Looker-on department more is told of
Cdonel Branch's election to the secretaryship
cf the Bankers/ Association. Th* second chap
ter of t?»* Women's Press Association trcub'e
is *!»*> toM. Ther* is • let of Bohemian Club
g?sa!p and othr Interesting matter.
This week the public is told of how the press
plays the rress ac°r.t-
The Newt Letter's political. dramatSc. liter
ary. SsAnctal. autcmobil*. soci'tr an<J other <3»
p»Ttn:ent« are complete and authentic.
Tb« caper is noted chiefly for Its sharp,
luting comments ©a currer-t evert*. •
MEK WAGON DRIVER MUST
ANSWER SERIOUS CHARGE
Tries to Collect Money From a Bank
rapt Estate That Was Not
Due.
"F. A. Lane Is accused of having falsely
sworn to a false claim of JS4 to against
the estate of William E. Mushet. bank
rupt, in proceedings had In Oakland be
fore Arthur P. Holland, referee in bank
ruptcy fcr Alameda County. A warrant
was Issued for Lane's arrest yesterday
by United States Court Commissioner
Heacock.
The complaining witness, Mushet, who
owns a milk route, had employed Lane
as one of his drivers. He informed Sec
ond Assistant United States District At
torney Duncan E. McKinlay that Lane
had overdrawn his account by $32 after
having be*n paid hjs wages of 154 « and
had tried to get out of the estate the sum
of tot 40 In addition.
The complaint was drawn under section
29 of the bankrupt act. which provides a
maximum punishment of two years* im
prisonment for knowingly and fraudu
lently presenting a fatse claim cr proof la
such cas?s.
Mrs. Clara Folt*. attorney and counselor, has
moved to 3£1!!» bids.. W floor: entranc* na. 2.*
A petition was argued yesterday before
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals asking that Charles Sweeney. F.
Lewis Clark and the Empire State-Idaho
Mining and Development Company be or
dered to app-ar before the court and
show cause, if any they have, why they
should not be punished for contempt for
having disobeyed an injunction.
The cetition recites that on November
I". 1302. the United States Circuit Court
fcr the district of Idaho entered a decree
in the case adjudging Kennedy J. Han
lev to be the owner of and quieted his
title to an undivided one-eighth interest
in the Skocham mine and mining claims,
and Issu«d an order restraining the cp
pel'ees from working in or taking out any
ere from the Skookca mines. The peti
tion alleges further that on March 1. 1S03.
the appe!l»?s resumed work in the Skoo
kun mine in defiance of the Injunction,
and that ev»r since that date they have
continued to extract ore, the total value
cf which is S1.2PO.9O0. taken out since that
date, and that they have failed to ac
count to the petitioner for his cne-eigfeth
Interest. It Is represented a!so that If
the appellees be not restrained they will
have exhausted the ore supply before
January 1, 1204.
It is alleged that on September 1. 1S"«,
Sweeney and h!s associates organized un
der the laws of Delaware the Federal
Mining and Smelting Company for the
purpose of purchasing and operating cer
tain no!n*s in Shoshone County, Idaho,
ameng others the property in controversy.
Sweeney became president and E. J. Rob
erts and W Clayton Miller respectively
general manager and assistant general
manager, and they continued to sell the
Skookum ore' in conjunction with other
ores from their mines, thus confusing the
Skookum ores with the rest.
The court took the petition, urder ad
visecient-
• -Jcre- B-jrke, attorney fcr the Southern
.•'Pacific Cpnip&Ey." appeared before the
• Is-ard cf- Public Works yesterday relitiv*
.. fj_-tt:».inte=ticn of the company re-gardisj:
Ui* rtp&visg cf its portion cf Third streat
• £"': :fc<? crcs*:r.g cf King street. The ?«tv
ir-i of Third street, from Mission to
. Channel.- with basalt blocks and cement
.•^routing is well under way and the board
. ijzfotzafed; Burke that it was cesiro;is of
•ha-i-jng the company pave between tta
•racks crcssir.g Tfcird strtct at King with
# :h«.aasie. material used en the rest of ihe
Creet- Tk-is will require the lowering of
.••-.heicrossties by lose three inches.
. *The board had received information thit
"t;he.ccn!par.y intended to bituniinizs bc
rw'sen the. tracks and tolvi Burke that it
•^wo'ild not be allowed to uo so, as the bi
•tc^nen would no: last as long as the £>a-
Tsalt blocks. \. .-. ;;¦*'¦
.The franchise cf the company fcr the
.r^r.g-stre<;t right cf way requires vbe
cempary to pave between its tracks «*<<!
ir-iir. feet-cn either eide. Burke stated the
.crjirpanx would in all Uk^ihood agree to
ct-tpply with the board"s wishes in the
rratter, but requested that be be given
"tfrse to' take the matter up with the *u
r<rin:crider.t cf construction of the South
ern Pacific Company. His request was
F-*=ted. ••"
Burke- was also made acquainted w;th
the -corrplstr.t c* the City Front Federa-
V«-n..that Sixteenth ctre*t. between Ken
tucky and Illinois, is being continually ol/
f;tructed by the cars to ujc detriment cf
pedeitriasi trafSc. Burke promised to *ee
"that the crc*slng was kept clear Iiere
af^er.
Injured by Sidewalk Elevator.
K. Matsuda. employed at a Japanese
fancy store at 225 Sutter street, was
caught between the floor of a sidewalk
elevator and the pavement yesterday.
His injury, which .consisted of a frac
ture of his right arm, was treated at the
Emergency Hospital.
The Old Original Indian Basket Store.
633 Post St.. corner Jones, selling out at
cost. Examine our stock before buying. •
Court of Appeal? Asked
to Interfere in
Idaho Case.
W;firks Beard Instructs
. './Scut hern Pacific
:;:'.. Company.
SKOOKUM MINE
IN LITIGATION
WANTS PAVEMENT
TO BE UNIFORM
Pacific Stricken With Attack
in Company's Office.
William F. Fitzgerald of Southern
W. F. Fitzgerald, a local ticket agent
of the Southern Padflc Company, was
stricken with paralysis yesterday morning
in the company's office at €13 Market
street and now lies very low at the
Southern Pacific Hospital- Fitzgerald has
been employed by the company In Its
Market-street office for several years and
has lately been assigned to the Yosemite
Valley traffic.
He was busy behind the counter early
yesterday, when he was suddenly strick
en. As soon as the unfortunate man was
removed. to the hospital his mother, who
resides at Los Gatos. was advised of his
condition and reached the city on the
evening train. Fitzgerald (s widely known
in railroad circles. He was formerly gen
eral passenger and ticket agent of the
narrow gauge road across the bay.
PASAI.YSIS LA.YS LOW
LOCAL TICKET AGENT
Constance Lillian Warner is seeking a
divorce from Charles Pomerov Warner on
the ground - cf desertion and infidelity.
In her complaint, which was tiled yes
terday, she avers that Warner abandoned
her two years ago and fled with the
woman, who, she says, is new living with
him at Sacramento and bears the name
cf Mrs. Warner.
Mrs. Warner says her husband is a man
of means and she asks for U30 alimony
and for $500 counsel fees. She tells an
interesting story of her life as the wife
of Warner, who is at present practicing
dentistry in the office of Dr. Powell at
Sacramento.. Warner is from Alabama,
where his family Is well known and pros
perous. He cam* to this State in 1S9S
and In August cf that year he was mar
ried by Judge Carroll C00R to the woman
who Is eott suing him for divorce. A
short time after his marriage he enlisted
in the army and went to Honolulu, whera
In June, 1502. hs left the service. hJs wife
having secured his discharge. He re
turned to thJs city and they lived together
for a time. Then he went East find lo
cated in M'ssoarL His wife corresponded
with him during his absence. While he
was there, much to her aarprls-?, he tried
to secure a divorce, but she learned of
his attemots and frustrated them. He
was not to be balked, however, she says,
and went acres- the line to Kansas, where
he secured a default decrre. From that
time on until a few months ago she knew
nothing of him. and then she learned he
was in Sacramento, with a woman known
as Mrs. Warner. and a young child.
Joseph Goldman, though married only
slnce September 3 last to Gussie Goldman,
is already tired of his venture and would
be fre^. He says that three days after
his marriage he discovered that his wife
thought mere cf her first husband, a man
named Greenspan, than she did of him.
She invited Greenspan to their house, says
Goldman, and when he objected she told
him she had lived with htm for thirteen
years and still loved him. Goldman says
Greenspan &ni his wife planned to entrap
him into a marriage in order to get $720
he had on deposit in a local bank.
Suits for divorce for desertion were filed
by EUa J. Carroll against Michael Carroll.
L<stitia McFarland against Robert G. Mc-
Karland and James Davis against J.
Davis. Neglect is charged in the suit
f.!ed by Mary I. Dow against Clarence M.
Dow. Neglect Is also charged in the suit
of Annie Estella Smith against Samuel
C. Smith.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Elannie Davis from Joseph
Davis for cruelty, Mary Tubcsing from
B. F, Tubesirg for neglect and LInnle U.
Marshall from Lionel W. Marshall for
desertion.
The demurrer of Grace L. Howard to
the cross-complaint In divorce filed by W.
D. M. Howard was taken under submis
sion by Judge Seawell as was also her
motion for an increase in al.'mony and
for funds to defray the cost of producing
depositions showing the truth of her
charges cf cruelty. Under an agreement
with Howard she is now getting CO a
month. She wants J10O. claiming that she
needs the larger amount to keep h*r In
the style she Is used to living. H£r room
rent alone, she says, is 140 a month.
Judge Hebbard made an order allowing
Marguerite Mackintosh $C3 a month ali
mony ar.d 175 counsel fees. Charles J.
Mackintosh, chief engineer of the ferry
steamer San Jose, who is the defendant
in her suit for divorce, agreed to pay the
amount ordered on November 1, though
at first he d«muiTed. claiminr that he
needed all the money he had to defray the
cost of the education of his sister. He
also sought to show that nis wife had
taken his library, but withdrew his ob
jections when S. V. Costello. Mrs. Mack
intosh's attorney. Informed the court that
the "library" consisted cf three books
worth about 5) cents and that tt was at
the disposal of Mackintosh any time he
chose to send to his wife for Jt.
Charles H. Rogers, j better known as
Captain Rogers, a Mission piano dealer,
was granted a divorce from Lizzie E.
Rogers frr habitual intemperance by
Judge Graham.
.The petition of Marie Knauer for the
distribution to her of $10,000 from the ea
taie of her late husband. Ferdinand
Knauer. was partly heard by Judge
Troutt yesterday.- It was then put over
for two weeks to enable her attorneys to
produce evidence in support cf their
claim that Marie Knauer was legally mar
ried to the aged German.
Mrs. Knatxer claims that she is entitled
to the $10,000 she petitions for as Knauer' 3
wife, as under his will she Is __ solo legatee.
She claims that even if the Will is refused
piobate she still will be entitled to the
widow's share of the estate, a sum con
siderably more than 110,009. She testified
yesterday that her marriage to Knauer
was legal and her certificate of marriage
was offered in evidence. She admitted
that she had been married twic* before
and said that her first husband died in
Germany. Her second husband, a Ger
man army officer, it is said she eloped
with from Germany and married In Chi
cago. He is residing in this city. She
started to say yesterday that she was di
vorced from him. but attorneys objected
on' the ground that the decree | of divorce
was the best evidence. The objection wa3
sustained by Judge Troutt and the case
continued to enable the attorneys to pro
vide the documentary proof.
The taking of testimony in the matter
of the deportation of James W. Erwin to
Washington. D. C; on. an indictment
found by the Federal Grand Jury of that
city was completed late yesterday after
noon before United States Court Commis
sioner Heacock. Several witnesses were
examined to rebut the evidence at A. JL
Cox that the time Indicator device was of
little or no utility in the residence part
of the city. These witnesses were W. E.
Palmer. E. G. Eisen and J. A. Truman,
who cheerfully testified that the Indicat
ors in the neighborhood of their resi
dences saved them many an unnecessary
trip to the postofflce and largely contrib
uted to their peace of mind.
j C. T. Ladercrantz, a postal employe,
i testified that there were S23 boxes in this
: city containing the time Indicator, and
that 842 boxes are visited by night col
¦ lectors. In the business district, he said,
1 there were 119 boxes.
James W. Erwin was handed a letter
purporting to have been written by him
to August W. Machen In February. 1302.
and Mr. Erwin said that the letter bad
not b«?en written by him, although it bore
bis signature. With reference to the
statement made by him to Postoffice In
spector C L. Wayland, he asserted that
that statement of his connection with the
time device and Richardson was freely
and voluntarily given. He had answered
all the Questions that had been asked of
him by Wayland and he had not attempt
ed to conceal anything.
The witness contradicted the testimony
given by A. M. Cox on the day before.
"Cox never intimated to me," etid Mr.
Erwin. "that in the residence district the
device was a failure. I said that I would
like to call him as a witness for the pur
pose of testifying to the utility of the
time indicator and he replied that he
would have no objection to being 1 called-"
In reply to further questions by Sam
uel Knight, his counsel. Mr. Erwin said
that he had recently received five letters
from Washington, all of which had been
opened before they had been delivered to
him. One cf the letters had been opened
before the back stamp of the San Francis
co postoSce had been placed upon it. Mr.
Knight had informed him,- he " added, *aat
some of his friends had written from
Washington to the effect that they would
like to write to Mr. Erwin. but that they
feared that their letters would be opened
in the Washington postoQce. Some of
the letters from Washington. D. C._ that
had been opened were from Beavers and
Machen.
In answer to United States District At
torney Woodworth, the witness said that
the first Intimation that he had that any
stock had been distributed to officials
was in July, 1S03. when he learned that
Daniel S. Richardson, the president of
the company, had issued l'Xfl shares in
the name of McDonald at the suggestion
of Beavers and U,«jO shares in the name of
Seeger at the suggestion of Machen. His
suspicions were first aroused about two
years ago by a remark dropped by Pres
ident Richardson to the eSect that Ma
chen and # Beavers had delayed replying
to his letters because they might have
expected more stock. The witness admit
ted having received SX) shares In all for
his services in perfecting the device. He
had never asked for any stock, but it
was given to him voluntarily. He did not
know that it was necessary to advertise
for bide for patented articles.
After arguments by United States At
torney Woodworth and Mr. Knight the
matter was taken under advisement.
Awrs in Divorce Complaint
That He Fled With
Another Woman.
Case Against the Former
Inspector Submitted to
Judge Heacock.
Shp Must Prove She Was
Freed From Second
Husband.
Erwin Implies That Pos
tal Officials Vio
lated Law.
Cod stance Warner Says
Her Husband Has
Deserted. Her.
Legality of Marriage of
Marie Knauer Is Dis
puted.
WANT EVIDENCE
OF HER DIVORCE
LIGHTLY TREATS
MARRIAGE VOWS
SAYS LETTERS
WERE OPENED
THE SA2s FBAKCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1903.
9
MAxm -tiE TO-33AY
To-Nlght and iun.ia> — Last Times. •
ROBERT EDESON
In Richard Hardier Davrs* »
j SOLDIERS Or FORTUNE
Sta?* Version by Augustus Thomas.
! BfeiT.BlTis XEXT UON'DAT- SEATS^RE-KDT.
The il*rry Masical Fantasy.
| "THE STORKS"
A Tuneful ani Brilliant Production.
{ Famous Rosebud GartSen of Girl*.
j c ra yvp sssii
I Foor Weeks— K0VEHBE3 31 to 28S,
Matinees Wed. and Sat. Each Week.
NO SU.VUAT PERFORMANCES.
Certain Rite* Evenirss at 5 o'clock Prertaely.
Matinees at 1. Late-comers not s»at»! until
: after prelcde.
KLAW & ERLANGER'S
! Stupendous Production of General Wallace" 1
I BEN HUR
! 330 — Fersor3 in Production—^50
I V» Se»ta Lxil A li;. Ha Ti'.f ji mi Ori;n Iicsa.
PRICES— «. *l 6O. »1. 75c and 3Cc.
A'l Seats Reserved. G«q«ral Adzniss'.on. $!_
Out cf towa mail orders with remittance*
filled in order received. Seats now selling.
j . •
! wm ~
&e!asco * Mayer. Proprf#t8ri-
t Market St.. Near Eich:h. Phcne South 533.
f u
I TO-NIGHT— L-\ST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAT and TO-MORROW.
Unprecedented Success of .
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN
ICO— PEOPLE IN THE CAST— 1C0
CHORUS Or 50 COLORED PEOPLE.
Southern Melodies. Grand Seente Effects.
L. R. STCCKWELL as 1JVAVTER MARKS.
PBIfFS Evenings ....10c to 50c
raltti Matme«..... lfc. 15c. Me
. Week of .Not. 2— "VALLET FORGE."
.The Lut Two Days ct ¦
| T t-i fci f-*M :< /\ D <=¦: RS j
The Masical Oitnedy That Broke the Record.
I :.>it Monday Ni?ht,
| W|_J^E^» and ROSES j
A Genuinely Funny Rural Musical Comedy
Hit. Will be 'Town Talk."
Our AU Star Cast. Including Kolb aad Din.'
I Barney Bernard. . WlnfieM Blak* Harry H«nn-
j sex*. Maude Amber and Eleanor Jenkins.
i .OUR NEW PEOPLE. -
i : First ' appearance on next ¦ Monday nixht —
MIS.S GEORGIA CRAMET. a charming come-
dienne, and BEX T. DILLON, the popular
comedian. - -
! SEATS NOrSELUHG Fl)R
Ellerv's Royal Italian Band
AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO>S>
- , . POPULAR PRICES.
5Oc . 75c Sl.OO
ALHAMBBA THEATTS
TO-HOSEOW ATTXaSOOS AHT>
P' •¦"•: ', '-,'¦ . : :.- '¦¦- < : '-j HioscT. /¦_. >.-¦<;.
And every 'nlsht r excepf Monday up to and ln-
dndXus " Sunday." ; November 9.^: Matinee^ Satur- ;.
day and tfucday. - j
_^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
"THE CLEVEREST BOOK PUBLISHED THIS SMSOH" —^
Mm THE TRIFLER ®
By Archibald Eyre.
V One of the cleverest of recent novels, with action which sweeps
along from the first chapter and dialogue of an Anthony Hope
brillianoy. There is sot a dull moment in the book."— Town Topics.
This Is perhaps the most charming love story which his appeared m aa-v
S^ -J^SISm' JhC US l M l ° rder: neVer onc * does «tapi,rlac?tSe Verse
fL^iJ^ZStZ^l?*? Uxe , ll « ro ** endeavor to regain a packet of
love letters written by his sister-in-law before her marriar- The aHwrn>r«
rrom^iSr^llo" 0 ! h ° hlS attemPt tC *~™ theU SSmprlSsint epWlS
i7£2J PrOV6S tO *** * veri^ble scoundrel are humorous In 'ho
*' '.:'-. - ¦- ¦• - ;,-;;>.-. $1:50 •
A STROHTQ HOVEl^-nj PBESS — OUT HIXTWEXK.
The Shutters of Silence
<^* U ***^^>% BY 6, Bi PURGIN" "$1.8OV:^>^>^,
SJ^^^^ THE SMART SET PUBLISHING COMPANY SjT^^^
POSTTJK CEHILSJL.
KNOW NOW
And Kerer Will Forget ths Ex-
perience.
The coff»« drinker who has Buffered and
then been completely cured by changing
froa coffee to Postum Food Coffee knows
eemethln^ valuable.
He or, ehe has no doubt about IL A
California lady s&ye: "I learned the truth
aboct coffee In a, peculiar way. My hus-
band, who has fcr years been of a very
bilious temperament, derided to leave off
cc2e« asd »1ve Postum a trial, and as I
• did not wtnt the trouble of making two
btvKiw for taeala I concluded to try
Tostuzn too and the result* have been
that, while cay husband has been greatly j
besefited, I have myself received even
irreater beneSt. When I Degan to drink
Pjwtum I was thin in flesh and very ner-
vous, "and now I actually weigh IS pounds
more than I did a t that time and I am
.stronger physically and In my nerves,
while busbard is cared of all his all*.
"W> hav« learned our little lesson about
coffee and we know something about Pos-
tum. too. for we have used Poctum now
eteadily for the last three years and we
*hall «!ways continue to do so. We have
no nore \xt for coffee-the dni* drink.
We prefer Postunj ar.d health." Name
given by Postum Co., Battle Creek. Mich.
Look In each packape for a copy of the
famous little book, "The Road to Well-
TIVOLISS^.
NOTE— PtrtorsiAacis fccffia at 8 sharp. Sat-
urday isatinee at Z sharp.
TO-HXOH.T
Last i^rfonnaace of Verdi's Historical Opera,
"UN BALLO MASCHERO"
tTHE MASKED BALL.)
This afternoon's matinee aad Sosdar Bljht
Giordano' » Great "Work.
"ANDRE J^HENIER."
L Next week: "LA FAVORITA." "CAVAL-
LER1A" and "PAGLIACCI."
Prices as u«i:a: — 23c. 50c. T5c.
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAT. SATURDAY. Oct. SL
Parquet, any eeat. 23c: balccnr. 10c.
Cfelldrea. any part except resenred. 10c
VfilV ACTS I PACXSI
1^*-* TT SEJTSATZOVSI
McWATTERS AND TTSON: GOLEUAVS
( DOGS AND CATS: THREE RICHARDS:
CRAWFORD AND MANNING: WENONA
AND FRANK. AND NEW MOTION PIC-
TURES. LAST TIMES OF WATERBURT
BROTHERS AND TENXET: WHISTLING
TOM BROWNE. AND HERBERT LLOTD.
ASSISTED BT LILLLVN LILYAN.
ELECTION RETURNS TUESDAY NIGHT.
ipAuiroRNT/fl
I To-night, the Last Matlse« igX
I To-day. • »I
MASON AND MASON
In Their Great Farcical Success.
RUDOLPH AND ADOLPH
Next Sunday — HAVERLY*S MIN-
STRELS, with
BILLY VAN
the "aisassia of sorrow"; Eddie Lecnard.
last season associate endraan with Lew
T 1 ' l Dockstader. and a host oM_— .
I other famous fun makert. | Q~~
H-EATRul
MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST NIGHT
Of the aanulaf Masical Farce Comedy,
SPOTLESS
TOWN
PDirCC XlKhts 13c. Me. Sflc. T3a
fKlwCj Matlaee* ......ljc. 25c. 50a
Cf M 1 T gA *^ B 1 r^^M • J ¦¦¦(¦'I Q . ft. M J ' J
The Next Recital of th« Series Plaaaed f»
This Winter Will Be Given on
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 31«.
At 3 p. re... Ia th- Usual Place.
STEINWAT w»t.t.
', MR. PERCTVAL K. VAN TORX *Q pr«-
side at the piano with Um aid o£ tire A=*e-
i'is. and
Mr. Herbert Williams,
xenor,
Will be tbe soloist .cr tbe occasion. C0B9U-
rsentary tickets may be bad at th* store any
tt=l« before the recital.
SHERMAN. CLAY * CO..
fatter and Kwray tts.. B. F.
VnfoCA DONT FAIL TO
j -COURT Lounging
3flfl -rootn. the EMPIRE
i A xv \s O R % ua0
C-~~A : - PALM ROOM, tho
Urdfifl LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UUU LOR, «nd the LA-
D A i A t. DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
A3fPSgHiUiTB.
Ingleside
Coursing
Park.
Special Events
2f\
H 14
Champions
UK
Schmitz Cup Stake
80-Dog Open Stake.
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
Oct. 31 and Nov. I.
F!rrt run-down oa Satur-Uj. t*rr.-::r at
11:30 ocl-v-ic sharp. ScacUjr coarttag w.ll b«-
Cta at 10:3O sharo ar. i contisoe till Utt wta-
nlsgr flas F»a up.
TOTAL PRIZES-^ — $1050
AD itiss!o=-sJrs«t ears transfer t9 Ga*rr*ro
cars, which to direct :> t%« r-ari.
THOMAS TIERXET. Jwbn.
EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Sligpw.
ALCAZAR *Hrs£T
______ G«aeral «a=»i#r.
•*Ti« V«w Stock Cojnpaay • TrlTiiapa for
th.m A Irayar." Oaja Towa Talk.
TO-?TIQHT —^THI3 WEEK OXI.T.
MATS. TO-DAT A>T> SCJOXIT.
UNDER S^.
ef
THE Btaalay
RED ROBE ST.'
Evr . 23c ta T5e: Vats.. Sat. A Son.. 13c to 10c.
NEXT MOJTDAT — Iaaozural of ti« Aatssia
CcmedT Seascai wlUx OUletts's I—uix&laa; H*«.
TOO MUCH JOHNSON.
WOBLD Ud ZZHOSTOV
AXt> A GRKAT SHOW EVERT AITERSOOS
AJ»O EVENING IX THE THEATER.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE COLORED BABY
Ia tJw rXFA5»T IKCCBATOH.
1.1 oa SSaytar Babooa ta tie Zoo,
LOTS OF PL'S IN THE PENNY ARCAOC
Electlca S«tuziis Tnssday Wl*it.
AD1C1SS1ON. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
Wt^a Pboaing iA for *T!» CSnte*/*
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK. ¦ •
EIGHTH AND HARRISON—
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THtTRSDAT AND ITtlDAT. S P. Jt; 3AT-
¦ CRDAT. IF. X,
SUNPAT - - 2JO T.*L
OAKLAND vs. SACRAMENTO.
LADIES' DATS THL'RSUAT AND FBXDAT, ¦
Advaac« Sale, i StoclLtom. *.
PATTOSIEN
Carpet Question
OUR PRICES AND
RELIABLE INFORHATION
, A Market-street carpet dealer, and leading mem-
ber of the "Combine," admits in his own advertisement
that he cannot sell carpets at our prices and live.
We have always known this, and are glad to see
that he enlightens the public of his inability to com-
pete with us. For the benefit of his ad. man and the
public in general we give the following information:
TAPESTRY and VELVET carpets are not
"dyed in the yarn," as quoted by him, but are printed
while they are woven.
In genuine Body Brussels and genuine Wilton
carpets only — the yarn is dyed before it is woven.
Below are the prices of carpets at the "Combine**
stores, with Pattosien's actual, successful lower rates.
Prleefl of Carpet PzttMUa'a
Dealers' Anodatlon. Prlc«*.
75c per yard — Smith's "F" Palisade Tapestries, per yard ...—.——.70c
A «a-sia? of 5o per rard at Fattodoa**.
85c per yard — Smith's and Higgias' 8- wire Tapestries, per yard.. —„ 75c
A saris* of 10c per yard at rattoiiea'i .
$i.io per yard — Smith's, Sanford's and Higgins', per yard. M » MW .91.00
A sAYiaz- of lOo per yard at Pattoslca's.
S1.20 per yard — Roxbury and Stinson 10-wire Tapestries, per yard.^1.10
A wvrtnz of ZOe uer yard at Fattoslea'i.
$1.65 per yard — Lowell, Bigelow and Victoria Body Brussels, yd.f 1.45
A sATlsgr of 80o*p«r yard at Pattodca's.
51.35 per yard — Smith's, Sanford's and Stinson's Velxet, per yard.91.2O
A Hvtar of ISo at Pattostca**.
-$2.00 per yard— Bigclow Axminsters, per yard. ....„..*. 91*65
A lariaar of 35o at Pattodea'i.
Pattosien Co.
Sixteenth and Fiission Sts.
..'¦ iCISCELLAinJOXJS.
IctevX/ A
ON THE SEA
OF FICTION 0F FIF I \
THE LEADERS
IXHi: M.MN CHAlfCE THE GREY CLOAK
If yoa shoaU see t copy of tbe The Hirold MicGrrth, author <rf The Pep-
Miia Oasce, by Meredith Nschoboa, P 5t Cro ™> ot ' ia Tfae G^X Ckak
baj. borrow, bet or sieaJ it For The 2 book wfcich tbe radfr coold vot h J
Main Ciance h« all the eksKsti ol dommtul be finished. Ia i busy a^e.
tvestKth ceatcry jreataos.— tfeis is xn o5=nse xtxicst tndtatry.—
Oticogv Inier-Ocec*. Chicago Tribvm.
if yoc hm zcythiss particalir to do of The Fortcn-s of Fifi, a debt of
. at.a ccrtiia bocr, vxh is ezicbics * jntitude for creatir^ such x vinsome,
• •¦tnia.icd still tzy; a little tics oa illurlr^ little naii
!.;yqc: hinds, don't rad Th- Filifn- I Ashacb corande, tender-bairted and
• ExIL by Aesx Kxtkaiae a-e-n, xctbor vhole-sot;!ed, she exsily distances xll
cf Tp: Lea-resworth Cxse. If you do, j other heroines xad proclaims btr rijht
• ;yoa wiU miss that trxin.— to the title of "The biffiest girl out."—
' •; AVsr York Time. \ Pkila. Item.
THE BOBBS-UERR1LL COMPANY. PutuaHCRSA writ of 'attachment in the- sum^bf
$2500 was served yesterday at the instance
of Sussman, Wormser :: & : ' Co. _ on W.;H.
Nlcholls & ¦ Co; <\The ,.' Sheriff's , , deputies
levied on 1200 casesof salmon in; the ; Pio
neer ; warehouse standing in the name of
the defendants. . ...
Writ of I Attachment.
Insolvent Fireman.
James B. Sherburne, a fireman, resid
ing at Tiburon. filed a petition in insol
vency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court. He owevs $302 and < has no
keaets.
Bob Fitzsimmons
Will box six rounds with his sparring
partner at Coney Island.inear the Cliff
House, to-morrow afternoon. •
Metzinger Gets Six Months.
Andrew Metzlnger. the "trusty", who
made such a daring escape from the City
Prison last week,, while; serving a year
for petty larceny, pleaded guilty before
Police Judge Fritz on Thursday of hav
ing violated section -107 of the Penal
Code and appeared for sentence yester
day. The Judge sentenced him to serve
six months in the County 'Jail.
The number of white-skinned men in the
British colonies "is about They
pay no Imperial taxes-^not even a part of
the expense of the"great ; navy which pro-
Pawning Bicycles His Hobby.
" Ole . Elllngson was booked at the City
Prison yesterday by Detectives Ryan and
Taylor on a charge of felony embezzle
ment. He has developed a passion for
renting bicycles and pawning them. On
July 28 he victimized C. M. - Christopher,
528. Stanyan street, and of August 2S W.
A- Lee of 500 Stanyan street was his vic
tim.: When arrested he had with him a
wheel. that he hired. in Stockton. The de
tectives say that he has been dota* the
same sort of work for some monlfts |ul
in- different parts of the 5UUk
Roy Gorlalne . and Randall Wade were
sentenced to I serve six months; each .in
the County. Jail . by Police Judge . Conlan
yesterday. Gorlalne was. convicted of
passing a Confederate $10 bill on Mrs.
Begin Kelly, a . landlady on Powell
street, 'and- Wade broke a pane of glass
in 'the window of Vigneau's liquor store
on Sixth street and stole six bottles filled
with \ water, : believing; that ; they i con
tained whisky. . ; •¦-.,; ¦ - .
-¦"¦¦-.¦ . . t. ¦ ...-.¦«' . ¦¦-•¦¦ -'--¦*¦
Hazel Hotchkiss. 5a.,,; tournament for
women has : not been held for some time
and a v .large entry ¦ list is '¦ expected from
all the bay counties.'- Mrs. ; L. C. \ Bozarth
has * the < affair ,, in , charge. The .'following
players have already entered : Miss Hazel
Hotchkiss. MissV Emma ' Hunter.- Miss
Miriam I Edwards," , Miss * Bessie vValleau,
Miss !Maud Varney,- Mlsa "Anita! Beyfuss.
Miss ; Dorothy I Mills, ';': Miss T Gretta ;; Llnd
strora,: Mlss-Karln ¦, Llndstrom; Miss Hazel
Naylor. : Miss ,,Vera ¦ Crocker, > Miss .'Corinne
Reuck; Miss Alice Naylor and Miss Vera
Beyfuss. '
Will Serve Six Months Each.
The second of the Scotch bowling tour
naments played on the Golden Gate Park
preen is nearingr a close. It will be fin
ished two weeks" from to-day. Three men
have already Qualified for the semi-final
round, and the remaining match will be
played this afternoon. The winner will
get the vacant place and will meet James
Gray. The match to be played to-day is
that between Joseph Gray, and J. Mc-
Lachlan. Gray has won all his matches
so easily that it is hardly expected Mc-
Lachlan will beat him. If the latter bowls
as he did against Barr he has a chance.
So far James Gray and Wallace A. Cook
have carried off the honors. Last Satur
day Gray beat McNaught and Cook beat
McLaren. The losers have been consid
ered almost certain to meet in the finals
and consequently their defeat, which in
each case was accomplished rather easily
was a great surprise. The Grays— Joseph
and James— have shown great skill and
are almost sure to meet in the semi
finals. A good match will, result when
they come together. The Cook-Moffatt
macth should also be. a. close one, with
the odds slightly favoring Cook. Joseph
Gray will meet McLachlan to-day. The
winner will meet James Gray, next Satur
day, when also Cook and Moffatt will
meet. The finals will be played on No
vember 14.
With the Close of To- Day's Play Pour
Men Will Remain to Compete
for Honors.
SCOTCH BOWLING TOURNEY
IS NEARING COMPLETION
Judge Lawson. while recognizing
Whitson's fastidious taste, thought he
should pay something, as he had used
the carriage, and told the litigants to
cut the bill in half, giving Judgment for
Patrick for $5 and costs to the amount
of $5 50.
•Patrick testified that he had received
a telephone message from Whitson to
send him the carriage and he had done
so. Whitson. however, had since posi
tively refused to pay for the carriage.
In his owrn behalf Whitson said that
when the carriage drove up to his house
he did not like the appearance of the
coachman, so he sent the team back.
"The coachman was shabbily dressed."
said Whitson, "and I declined to allow
him to drive my wife and myself
throagh the park, owing to his generally
disreputable appearance. I told him to
take the carriage to the stable and he
did so. Then Patrick sent him back
again, but his attire had not been im
proved."
J. J. Whitson. president of the Wat
sonvllle Gas Company, appeared in Jus
tice of the Peace Lawson's court yester
day as defendant in a suit brought by
Harry F. Patrick, a Geary-street stable
owner, to recover the sum of 110, alleged
to be due for a carriage and horse hired
by Whitson.
J. J. Wbitson B«ftises to Pay for
Carriage, but Loses Suit la
Justices' Court.
COACHMAN" DID NOT STJTT
HIS PASTIDIOTJS TASTE
" The Fort Crook baseball team met de
feat yesterday afternoon for the second
time at the hands of the Presidio nine.
The score stood 20 to 3 at the close of the
game. Lieutenant Victor Lewis, manager
of the Presidio Athletic Club, stated yes
terday that he is ready to match his nine
with any amateur team on the coast for
a purse of $1000.
The Fort Crook team claimed the cham
pionship of the army before coming out
here and challenged' the Presidio team
immediately on their , arrival. The first
game was played last week and resulted
in a victory for the Presidio men by a
score of 6 to 5. The defeated nine asked
for a return match', and j yesterday they
certainly got it.
From the opening of the game the home
boys showed the best work, and at the
end of the second inning the visitors had
to put a new man in the box. .
Dr. Strong umpired the jj game for . the
first two innings, but made a decision that
caused much dissatisfaction on the part
of the visitors. He was relieved by. Cap
tain White, who officiated during the re
mainder of; the game. \,
In the seventh inning the score stood
18 to J), with two men ' on " basea and Pre
sidio at the bat. For the first time •, dur
ing the game the Crook team held: their
opponents down and in -.the last half of
the Inning, scored -three runs. ,
The Fort Crook team \ is I leaving this
afternoon for 1 the ; Philippines and will
probably ask -for. more matches on their
return to this city. The line-up: ,
Fort Crook. Position. ' . ' , Presidio."
Bontu ...........••¦ Pitcher. Forsyth
Dubery • • • -Catcher. : Conrad
Congo. .............First base....... Hallahan
Valentine ..... .... . Second base .'. Douglas
Flemming. .... • • • • .Third • base. 1 . ..... .Cameron
Ausborne Shortstop..;......... Fair
Flnley .....-.•..•• Right* Held..... ...... .Lamb
Kelly. . .;...... Left field . .'. . . ... .Oswald
Rigga. '. ..... Center neld; . ... . ... ..Dank
Fort Crook Baseball Nine Meets De
feat by the Large Score
of 20 to 3. :>. '
PRESIDIO WINS SECOND
GAME FROM CRACK TEAM
- Schwalbe and some of Barney Schrel
ber's best two-year-olds reached Oakland
yesterday. The big bookmaker has twen
ty horses in training at Ingleside and
eleven at Los Angeles, all of which will
*nort hfe colors here.
J. McAllister is bringing out Carat and
Louis Wagner, both shifty performers.
W. K. Kraft, the business and racing
partner, of J. G. Follansbee, has applied
for fifteen stalls for Frank Reagan. The
latter trains for Andrew Miller, a stew
ard of the New York Jockey Club. He
has a smashing good stable, being es
pecially strong in two-year-olds. The best
of these is Dick Turpin, the bay son of
Hrnry of Navarre.
• The Kraft and Follansbee string will
include Astarita. The horses will be in
charge of Trainer Kyle.
S. S. -Bender leaves Chicago to-day with
Jack Demund, Lord Melbourne, Marlin,
Coroner Kelly. Mary Dunn. Hvpsch and
Lolly Daily.
The programme for the first day in
cludes the opening handicap for three
year-olds and upward at one mile. Two
thousand dollars is added, of which $400
goes to second and $200 to third. There is
a race at six furlongs for all ages, a two
year-old race over the Futurity, course,
a selling race at seven furlongs and an
other selling race at one mile and a six
teenth.
• D. S. Dearman of Chicago has applied
fer-twelve stalls. He has a stable which
has done well during the past season in
the Middle West.
THE New California Jockey Club's
race course at Oakland presents j
as lively an appearance these days ',
as it will have, when the season is in full ¦¦
twinjr. There is only one vacant barn and j
a few scattering stalls, while many j
bofsea are yet to b« provided for. There j
are already 600 horses at the track, with j
probably 200 more being stabled in the I
vicinity* There are fifty at Ingleside and j
• like* number at Tanforan. The work-.
ou*« at the three tracks are being eager- j
!y watched by the rail birds in the hope j
that some phenom may be discovered in |
the early morning trials.
President Thomas H. Williams will ar
rive to-night from the East, where he
succeeded in interesting many horsemen (
in the meeting. j
On Thanksgiving day (Thursday, No
vember 26) there will be a handicap over
eighteen , holes, medal pla'y, for first and
second prizes. Players must tee off at
9:30 or 10:30 a. m. t drawing for, partners.
The scores made in this competition will
also count as the qualifying rounds for
the comoetitinn for the Council's cup for
men, the eight players who return the
lowest scores being entitled to take part
In the match play. One week will be al
lowed for the completion or each round
of match play.
On Christmas day (Friday, December
25) a match play handicap will begin for,
the best returns, in which first and second
prizes are offered. The eight players who
return the lowest scores in th*j Qualifying
rounds will enter the opening match play
round. The handicaps will apply through
out the contest. Four days will be al
lowed for the completion of each round
of match pl&yJ
On Saturday, November 14, beginning at
2 p. m., there will be a handicap over
eighteen holes against "bogey" for- first
and second prizes.
FOR several weeks past many mem
bers of the San Francisco Golf
Club have been out on the Pre
sidio links on Saturdays and Sundays for
practice and next week the first compe
tition of the winter season will be' held.
On Tuesdav, November 3, there will be
a handicap over eighteen- holes, medal
play, for which first and second prizes
and a trophy for the best gross score are
offered.
G. G. Perry has bought Vina, P. F. Cal
len has bought Ml Amigo, T. Burke has
bought Snapper Garrison and M. Pierce
has bought P.ikrr.
A. J. Vanderwhite has bought Northern
Alarm • and * Northern Lad, by Northern
Surprise imp.-Jessamy, from F. FV Lowe
of Enterprise,- Kans.
Dr. J. J. Gaynor of Eureka is in the
city to see the Junior Champion run. He
has the most extensive greyhound kennel
In Northern California and will soon be
represented at the meetings in this city.
Frank McComb. one of the most popular
coursing men in California,. is soon to be
come, a benedict and is disposing of his
extensive kennel. W. Creamer has secured
Our Motto,. and .Victor Noble has Queen's
Motto from him.
At Ingleslde the feature of the card will
be the Sehmitz cup stake, for members
of the San Francisco • Coursing Club. An
entry of thirty-two greyhounds was re
ceived for this event. It wil lbe run in its
entirety to-morrow. The meeting will
commence to-day at 11:30 o'clock with the
open stake. The first round and half the
second round will be run to-day. The
running of this stake will be resumed to
morrow at 10:30 o'clock. The likely win
ners look to be:
Sohin tz cup — Piker, Doc Burns, Pepper
Jack, • Little Plunser, ' Mount Rose, Sofala,
Young Fearless. McHenry, Conroy. Cloverdale.
Full Moon. Slsklyou, Wedtewood, LJly Wright,
Snapper Garrison and Yukon.
Open stake^-TTOttlnr Bob, Lulu Girl, Ad
vance Guard, Lord Goff, Kittleman, Master
Clalr, Free Born, Shadow, Intruder, Miss 'Wil
son. White Stocking?, Redwood Lad, Golden
Rule, Tom Sayers, IrvInKton Tralee, J E H,
Concord Boy. Dorothy M. Black Fluah,' Real
Pu hi-Fs, Linda Vista, Belfast, Marguerite..
Queen's Motto, Little Lucy, Gold Lily, Glau
cus. Good Decision. False Alarm, Firm Fel
low, Pacins Blllr. General de Wet, BonnH
HuRhie, Wattles, Toba-«co Bob, Tom Hurlick.
Lady Pinta. Orsina. Pr-tty Face, Homer Boy.
• The first round of the American Water
loo will be run to-day at Oklahoma City.
At the conclusion of this meeting it is in
tended to continue coursing for the next
six months at that point.
The open stake run recently at Kear
ney, Neb., attracted an entry of 104 grey
hounds. This is the largest stake ever
run east of California. All the California
dogs won their first course. They included
Lord Brazen, Laughing j Water, White
Hat, Rocker Arm, Charming Thought,
Consort, Talk To Me, Cloudburst and
Sweet Emma.
THE Junior Champion stake, one of
the fixed events in the leashman's
year, will be decided to-morrow at
Union Coursing Park. The stake has at
tracted added interest this year, as Henry
J. Crocker has presented an artistic cup,
which will go to the winner. The entries,
which include the pick of the young grey
hounds of the coast, are so evenly
matched as to give the stake an unusu
ally open look.
The unknown quantity in the stake is
the Petaluma hound In Time, by Fortuna
Favcrte-Forest Queen. He is owned by
A. McLeod and has never been seen in
public. In the preparation of him for this
meeting Mr. Mcl^eod has had the assist
ance of Messrs. Healy and Sheridan, two
of the best informed coursing men in the
West. Many good ones have come out of
Petaluma, and this one may live up to
the traditions.
T. J. Cronin's Fair Tralee will be a
starter, but he is not expected to do him
self full justice owing to his recent in
juries.
The running will commence upon the
arrival of the 10:15 a. m. train to-morrow.
There will also be trains at 11. 12 and 1
o'clock. The likely winners look to be:
Junior chaimnlon and II. J. Crocker cup
stake — Our Motto. Sweet Virginia, Special,
Mellinwood, Equator. L L C. Donnybrook,
Charter Member. Cubanola, Amandon, Fair
Tral«-e. Boot?. Richard Anton. Rockefeller, Mi
AmtRo and Free From Flaw.
Open stak- — Red Rock. May Connolly. Old
Ironsides. Recklens Acrobat. Otto, Rural Art
ist. IiemWso Anlmo. Vandal. Belle Free, Tra
le« B<y, Renepade Apache. Prairie Maid. Gam
bit, Haphazard, Vraa. Luxury, Clarice, Barge,
Game Boy, Gr»enhall. ?
The handicap" doubles tournament for
the three-time cups, which was set f or • a
week ago Sunday on the California Club
courts/will be played one week from to
morrow. Hereafter , these { events * will be
played as - scheduled. Tournaments held
by other: clubs will not.be allowed to In
terfere. The clubs will . probably get to
gether and arrange schedules so as not to
conflict with each others' dates.
There will be several new teams in the
next tournament..; Smith and MacGavin
will ' not play ; together, nor will . Collier
and Mitchell. MacGavin and Mitchell will
join forces, as- wlir.the Smith -brothers.
The* latter make a strong combination
in a handicap event. They won the Davis
cups the" last four times straight. ; Mac-
Gavin and Mitchell should couple up well.
They will probably be ! the; only .scratch
team. , Dr. Hill and Will ; Allen;' the
ners of the last tournament, .will play; to
gether again. . Frank ' Strlngham' and , Sid
ney Salisbury; have been practicing
gether ) arid' . will ; make '7: a j slrong team.
Smith' and : Smith, ''¦ Strlngham ? and * Salis
bury and [Alien and Hill .will probably all
play from •:. the ;" same mark. -"\ Herbert
Schmidt" and Harry Rolf e will get a small
handicap from these teams!
. The ; members "of • the ' Ladles'. Annex of
the * Golden. * Gate ]¦'¦ Club , will ? ¦ hold L- a'
handicap singles :. tournament- on the", park
courts k this •'. afternoon^ for - the -'; Jackman
cup. Two - events 'of , a similar nature j have
been \held.* . the : first . being won \ by .;. Miss
Miriam Edward and " the second - by Miss
THE winter season in tennis has
fairly started on both sides of
the bay and the ever-increasing
attendance on the courts is an indication
it will be the liveliest season on record.
New members are coming into both of the
clubs and the old ones are taking more
interest in tournament play than hereto
fore. The East Oakland Club started the
ball rolling last Sunday with a handicap
doubles for loving cups. There was a
large entry list and the handicaps were
well regulated so that most of the
matches were close. Heath and Hunter
and Biddle and Hotchkiss, two of the
scratch teams, met in the finals and after
each had won two long sets a coin was
tossed and Biddle and Hotchkias were de
clared the winners. They won the third
and fourth sets, while their opponents
won the first and second. These tourna
ments are similar to the ones being held
at the California Clttb courts and are very
popular with the members.
The record-breaking .handicap singles
tournament, commenced on the Golden
Gate Park courts several weeks ago, will
be completed to-morrow. Four players
have won a place in the semi-finals, which
will be played off in the morning. Clar
ence Griffin (owe 2-6) will meet Herbert
Long (3-C), and Will Allen (owe 15 2-6)
will be opposed to George Janes (scratch).
Allen and Long are California Club
players, while Griffin and Janes are two
of the original park players. The odds
somewhat favor the park men and the
chances are one of them wUl win. Of the
four Griffin's chances undoubtedly look
the best. He played a great game last
Sunday, when he received a handicap. If
he can play the same game to-morrow,
giving, a handicap, he should beat Long.
It is expected the odds will worry him.
as he Is not accustomed to giving them.
Long is a streaky player, at times bril
liant and at others poor. If he is play-
Ing his best game he can beat his oppo
nent with the odds allowed him. .
•While many consider it a certainty that
Janes will beat Allen, those who are in
a position to know are of the opinion
that'; the scratch man will just about nose
him out. Allen has several times demon
strated his ability to allow odds. He
plays a steady game and has lots of
nerve, two things essential in handicap
play. The park contingent figure that as
Janes beat MacGavin he should have no
trouble beating Allen, who does not rank
nearly so high as MacGavin: The latter
almost beat Janes and was not feeling
well at that. MacGavln's , game Is not
suited to handicap conditions, as he takes
too many chances. -The' finar match will
be played at 2:30 and will be three sets
out of. five.
Last Sunday ; the fleet of the Oakland
Canoe Club sailed from Sessions ¦ Basin
to the anchorage of the Enclnal Yachting
and Boating Club at. Alameda. enjoying
smooth watt r and a pleasant breeze.
H. R. Simpkins' yawl Tramontana,
which has been used as a houseboat dur
ing the summer by W. M. Edgell. former
ly secretary of the San Francisco Yacht
Club, has been taken back to her moor
ings at Sausalito. During the winter she
will He to the north of the ferry slip. The
sloop Thetis, flagship of the San Francisco
Yacht Club, will be hauled out on the
ways at South San Francisco, while A. C.
Lee's sloop Surprise will be pulled up on
the beach at Old Sausalito. The sloop
Queen and the yawl Phyllis will be taken
up Corte Madera Creek to Escalle. J. R.
Savory's* aloop Juanlta and the yawl
Royal will enter the lagoon at Tiburon.
The members of the California Yacht
Club brought the season to a close last
Saturday with an impromptu jinks and
supper at their clubhouse on Oakland
Creek. During the evening the prizes won
at the various club races held during the
past season were presented to the win
ners, Robert Vincent of the yawl Iola,
Charles E. Clark of the .yawl Gypsy,
Julian Altendorf of the yawl Pilgrim and
S. S. Marshall of the sloop Thelma. Au
gust R. F. Brandes, chairman of the re
gatta committee, made the presentations,
the winners ' being heartily cheered by
those present.
. Last Sunday the closing cruise of the
season was taken, the boats being towed
out into the bay, where a light breeze'en
abled the yachtsmen to hoist sail. After
passing and saluting Commodore George
M. • Shaw's - flagship Idler the yachtsmen
put ' about for their moorings in the creek.
Allen M. Clay, owner of the sloop Pac
tolus and one . of the best known yachts
men on San Francisco Bay, has been ill
for several weeks af his, home in Ala
meda, but Is said to be getting better.
| Lee Gale » of the sloop Secret . left the
creek - last Saturday- for a week's duck
shoting In Lindsey Slough and Cache
Creek on the Sacramento River, where it
Us said duck are numerous. * •
MOST of the yacht owners of- San
Francisco Bay will be occupied
to-morrow ~ In unbending sails,
stripping their craft of cushions and other
fittings and storing them in the lofts of
the. clubhouses. A few pleasure craft may
remain in commission during the winter,
chiefly for the purpose of duck-shooting.
The members of the South Bay Yacht
Club will hold a clambake at the club
house at Alviso to-morrow and will then
lay their boats up for the winter. The
flagship Muriel, accompanied by the sloop
Comrade and the launches Garden City
and Asparagus, took the final cruise of
the season last Sunday.
Stalls Are Filled and Many
•' Hcrses Are Still Coming
• From Eastern Meetings
Henry J. Crocker Adds a
Cup to the Annual Cham
pion Stake at Union Park
First Toumamerv Will Be
Held on Election Day,
Others Following Quickly
Pleasure Craft Are Being
Prepared for Their Stay
in Safe" Winter Quarters
OAKLAND TRACK
IS CENTER OF
GREAT ACTIVITY
YOUNG HOUNDS
WILL START IN
JUNIOR EVENT
GOLFING DAYS
DRAW NEAR AT
THE PRESIDIO
Clubs Both in This City and
Across the Bay Have Many
Tournaments Scheduled
WINTER TENNIS
SEASON IS OF
GREAT PROMISE
SAILS FURLED
ON YACHTS FOR
THIS SEASON
aI^Z^I V 11 P ' ay tte Multnomah
Athletic Club eleven to-morrow on tha
Berkeley campus. The visitors will show
on the field with such veterans as Mr.
Mlllan and "Chef Murphy and will give
the varsity a fight to win. The team
has been well trained under McMillan
who Is raptaln. coach, manager and right
half. The varsity will ii ne up: Stroud
center; Overall, right guard; Stow left
fT"? 1 ?, eltmuller . nsht tackle; Howard,
left tackle; Oliver, right end; Demerit*
l C ri . en o : re * quarter; M- Whipple.
Mini, Snedigar, Risley, Cottrell backs-
Forse. full. ' *
"The line is stronger to-day than it was
a week ago." said Coach Whipple to-day.
"We are trying out men right along to
see if we can't make It stronger. The
backs are getting off their feet faster
than they did. though they do not seem
to be as sure as they should be. The men
are in good condition, however and in
time they will be all right."
The game against the alumni this week
did not prove anything against the var
sity, as the ten-minute halves did not per
mit of any heavy scoring. There la
nothing easy about making touchdowns In
ten minutes, even with scrub elevens.
Besides the alumni eleven waa composed
of stars which would stop almost any
thing that came in its way.
In the game with the Chemawa Indians
the varsity did not evea get good prac
tice. The team was altogether too light
to do anything against the oprxjslng
heavyweighs. A gam© of that kind al
ways hurts the varsity, because there Is
no hard fighting to do to get through.
Belknap got into the game again to-day
after being out of it for two weeks on
account of a strained ligament. At on»
time it was thought he was on the hospi
tal list for good. "Johnny" Mora has been
taking his place at quarter in the practice
games, but in the alumni and Indian
games Geary and Boothe were tried out.
The plaster cast waa removed from
Harry Hudson's leg to-day and the limb
may be well enough for him to play again
before the season gets too far advanced
Clary and Oliver have been filling his
place at right end. Demeritt is takine
care of left end. *
BERKELEY, Oct. 30.— There has
been a noticeable improvement In
the playing of the varsity team
this week. The line is not quite all that
it ought to be and the backs, though get
ting faster all the time, are a little un
certain, but these kinks will be taken out
In the two weeks of practice that remain
between to-day and th© day of the Inter
collegiate game.
A feature of Wednesday's game com
mented on by those who watched it care
fully was the lack of both Interference
and support given the man carrying the
ball. Not infrequently on a line buck
the man with the ball would get through
for several yards only to be carried back
by the Indians because there was no one
behind him to back him up. Fumbling
has also been far too frequent among the
varsity players, considering the fact that
the big game is but two weeks distant.
In the game with the Nevadans the
fumbling was inexcusable, and possibly
prevented Stanford from winning the con
test. * ' ''>." : --» :\- ¦¦
The problem of getting a man to do the
kicking for the big team is still perplex
ing the coaches. Hyde, a candidate for
halfback, who promised earlier in the sea
son to be a star performer in this depart
ment of the game, has fallen down hope
lessly in his punting. Sprott, left tackle,
whom the coaches have been endeavoring
to develop into a place-klcker, has also
proved a failure and it is evident that If
Stanford is to score against California on
November 14, it must do so through
straight line-bucking or end-running, a
proposition that will not prove at all easy
considering the weight and efficiency of
the veteran blue and gold line.
Stanford's line is not as strong as it
should be considering the amount of
coaching the men have . had since the
season opened. Thompson, Hauverman
and Sprott are the only men that have
played consistently in varsity form. In
the game with Nevada the right side of
the line was visibly weak, notwithstand
ing the fact that the rival linesmen were
of approximately the same weight. The
sagebrush men "got the Jump" on- their
opponents nearly every time the ball waa
passfed, showing the Nevada 1 players have
followed Coach Steckle's teaching better
than the Stanford men have answered
Coach Lanagan's demand for speed.
Big Jim Weller has been out of the
game the greater part of the week with
a bad knee. He Is recovering . rapidly and
will be seen behind the line next week.
"Savage" Dole reappeared In the lineup
again this week, playing daring a part of
the game against the Chemawa Indians.
"Stump" Stott, who captained the fresh
man team and played a. brilliant game,
;is playing as near varsity form as any
man on the field at present. His work
In ; the game Wednesday showed to an
advantage. He is not only a good field
general, but also a clever individual
player.
To-morrow afternoon at 3:30 the varsity
will meet the Reliance eleven on the Stan
ford gridiron in . their last contest of the
season -with the clubmen. 'After Stan
ford's showing against , Nevada . it is im
possible to forecast the result,, although
Stanford ought to find it easier to defeat
Reliance now than it did in the ¦ last
game. - I
The Nevada game apparently started
the havoc, or at any ratw, the varsity nas
been Milling backward ever since that
contest. They are slow— painfully slow to
the spectators, who paid their good money
to see a good exhibition of the college
sport. The second eleven is quite evi
dantly able to run plays off more rapidly
than the first team men. This was notice
able in the game with the Chemawa In
dians on Wednesday. It was not until
after practically the entire second team
was facing the redskins that anything
approaching fast football was played.
The men, after a scrimmage, were slow
to return to their places, the signals were
given even more slowly and the gains
were made, not through any clever nor
fast work on the part of the Stanford
players, but because of the inferior work
and ignorance of the game on the part cf
the Indians.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 30.
—The practice 1 work of the Stan
ford University football eleven, as
weil as the showing made in the last two
games, has been a source of considerable
disappointment to the students on the
bleachers. In the early part of last week
the big fellows were playing in a way
that spoke well for the possibilities of
this year's team. This week they have
put up a game Inferior in every respect
to the work they were doing ten days
ago.
THOROUGHBREDS IN TRAINING AT OAKLAND TRACK FOR THE FORTHCOMING SEASON OF RACING
Cardinal Practice Work Is Disappointing, While
That of California Improves.
STANFORD ELEVEN FAILS
TO PLEASE ADHERENTS
RAIL BIRDS EAGERLY WATCH THOROUGHBREDSIN TRAINING
THE SAN ntAN CISCOCl CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1«»3.
:,Toastmaster.(to chairman of /public din
ner)^- Would :;. you ¦;¦ like r to - . propose "•' your
toast now, my . Lord,- or should . we let '.'em
enJoy "themselves ' a ¦¦ bit • longer?— Punch.
10ARTISTIC PRIZES FOR THE
AUTOMOBILE RACES MADE
. BY SHREVE & CO. 4.; ,
McKEESPORT. Pa.. Oct. 30.— Tho Dewees-
Wood plant of . the American Sheet 8teel Cbm
nanr employing 2500 men, resumed operations
in full here to-night after a shut-down of sev
eral weeks.' .
.¦¦.•PORTLAND. Oct.- SO.'VA" one-sided game.be
'tween' Portland and Los- Angeles' Just missed
a ¦ sensational •• finish 'when McFarland knocked
a home run with two men on bases. Th* next
two men. however, went out before getting to
nr,t:ba S e.. Score: £. £ r
Portland ....... 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 S— 5 12 4
Los Angeles.... 1 103 O O 100— 6 10 0
Batteries— McFarlan and Shea; Wheeler and
P SFATTLE, Oct. 30.— San Francisco had a
lead of 5 to 1 in the eighth/when a couple of
errors and four hits ; gave Seattle three runs
an1 the game in the ninth, with enly one man
out. Score: R. H E.
g eat il e .-.100000023— A-. 8*' 7
San Francisco. O022010OO— 5 12 4
Batteries— St. Vrain and Byers; Iberg and
Zearfoss. Umpire— Levy.
ANGELS WIN ONE-SIDED GAME.
McFarlan Scores a Home-Btini With
.':•¦. . ••' •¦¦.Two on'Ba'se's. v.-. : ':.'¦/'¦<:.¦ ':'.¦
An annual report has been mad© by the
Arizona Copper Company, which makes
the showing thSt 13,412,544 pounds of cop
per were produced during the year 1302.
exclusive of 2000 pounds ol copper In the
form of. sulphate. The acid plant turned
out 1920 tons of sulphuric acid. The mines
at Clifton paid $717,000 in profits, and the
railroad net receipts were $120,000.
The meeting closes to-morrow with the fol
lowing list of entries:
¦ First race, flve furlongs, selling — Gusto 117,
Private Nolan 114, Florlsta 114. Judge Napton
114. ReJna del Cella 114 t Inspirator 114. Max
Bendlx 114. •; ."*-
Second race, seven furlongs, selling— Iras
106 Blissful 106. Caiador 106. Dr. Worth 106,
Honduran 11L- Andrea 100. Phys 106.
Third race, six furlongs — Red Tip 114. Teu
fel ICO, Sir Christopher. 109. Barbara 109,
Homage 109." Laureatea 100, -Archilles 114.
'•¦ Fourth race, one mile, selling— Annie F 100.
Camulos 1C0, Prestolus 100, Tamm 103, The
D*vil 112, El Pllar 109, Headatrons 109,
Ulm 109.
Fifth race,- six furlongs, selling— Skirmish
116 Cherries 105. Sherry ICO. Troy 111, The
Miller 111. El Piloto 114. Little Margaret 107,
"sixth race, one and an eijrhth miles, Santa
Anita handicap— Ultruda 94. Miracle II 100.
Solon 126, Diamante 104, Cambacercs 106,
Seventh race, flve furlongs, selling', all ages —
Eugenia B 91. Madame Bishop 114. Adnor 119,
Hercules 119 Nona B 119; ¦ County Down 88.
Metlakatla 90. Little Secret 119.;-. ...
LOS ANGELES ENTRIES.
Sixth -race — Jo« Goss, Mocorito,
Lady o ldris.
Seventh race — AtheJroy, Burke
Cochran, Hetzel.
By the New York Telegraph.
First, race— Kiowa Chief, Foot
light's Favorite, Orient.
..! Second race-rSecond Mate, Tommy
KnighV- Bosecourt,, . .
' •Third ' raice~Excentral, Mendon,
Speneerian.
Fourth race^ — Helen Hay, Lady
Strathmore, Helen Printl
Fifth race— Lasso, Pierce J, King
stelle.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
KT LOUIS Oct. 30.— Entries?
Firstrace. flve and a half furlongsf. purse.
two-year-olds-Bandillo OS. Tower 93. Belle
Dod/on ICO Eona S 100. Soufriere 100. Ra-
ISm 100 Billy Woodard 98. Haxel Jtoyd 85.
S« Ktrby 95. Footll ? hfs Favorite 106.
T .-i,V w » Chief 100 Orient 1C5.
<^ond race, sik furlong, selling, three-year
olds and uVLesation 105. Nina Fly 100. La
Rouge lV Chorus Boy ICO. Hudson 103. Sec
ond MatelCS. Caelana ICO, Rosecourt 100. Ben
Krainard 105 Style 69. Prince Eusene 10£
Tommie Knight 8S. St. Vitus 10O. Aline S 10*
H Thlra k rac^.' one mile, selling, two-year-olds—
Collin George 93. Elle 05. Excentral 97. Ora
McKkiwy 100. Imboden 103. Check Morgan
05 Haven Run 09. Always Faithful 100, Spen
cei-ian 95. Town Moor 94. V°ndon 105.
Fourth race.- one and a r.xt»*nth mile*. •eM
lng Final stakes, three- year-olds ana «I—
Helen Hay 97. Josle F 99. Jordan 107. Helcp
Print 100. Lady Strathmore 107.
• Filth race, one mile and seventy yanjs. sell
ing, three-year-olds and «P-R°ger Smith •T.-
Emily Oliver 103. Varna Fonso 04, Klnffstell*
fe Deer Hunter 04. Lady Kent 105. Plerc*
J 107 Boutonniere 94. Noweta 89. Star Gazer
103 John II 103. Lasso 9S. El Rey 103. Cap
tain Galnes 103. •
Sixth race six furlongs, selling, three-year
olds and UlUBroodler ICO, Miss Guido 1.0O,
Lady Idris 1C0. One More 105. Maverick 97.
Joe Go** 107. Sharp Bird' 110. Eliza Cook 105.
Fucurtha 100. Gus Lanka 104. Motile T 107.
Sid Sliver 05. Mocorito 107. Uranium UH.
Seventh race, one and a sixteenth mlles^
three-year-olds and up— Treacy 98. Discus 99,
Ray 109 Hetzel 10». Burke Cochran 100. Ada
N WO Jack Youns 10O. Deutschland 103. At.ie: -
roy 103. Shellmount 104. Bengal 104.
Weather clear. Track fast.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 30.— Weather fine, track
fast. Summary:
2:15 trot, purse $400, three in five: ,- -. ;¦¦¦
L W... I I I
Athnlo S t =
Victor Platte..., * * °
OttoZ! .9 • *{¦ .
W °° d B Tin^2:V0%V2VlV%.-2:lVHV dl *
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Pilon, 110
(See). S to 5 won; Eva D. 08 (L. Spencer). 2 to
l7 second; Toltec. 101 (W. Maddox) 7 to 2.
third. Time. :5ft. Picture, County Down and
° S*x° AlriongsV selling— Cazador. 106 (Passey).
T to - won: Ismad. 105 (Henderson). 8 to 5.
PJloto 119 (Fraw-
S22i I3SS3233 S3&TCg £ |
third. Time. 1:281.4. Miss Vera and Frank
Pe !ix Ce a nd 8 a 1 haYf furlongs. selling-Billy Moore
111 (Kuni). 5 to 1. won; Blue Miracle. 106
(Knapp"! to 2. second: Cherries 111 (I. Pow
ell) 3 to 2. third. Time. 1:21. Urbano. Wa
chu'sett. Augia and Respirator also ran.
One mile. selling-Grail 102 (Chandler). 2 to
1 won: Constellator. 106 (L. Jackson). 4 to 1.
second- Dr.- Shorb. 11.1 (Henderson). 3 to 1;
third. Time, 1:40%. Chub, Polonlus and Cam.
baceres also ran.
THE STTBOIABTES.
A b&ck horse could have run almost
as "fast as did Pilon, winner of the first
running event, but the old gelding waa
the good thing in the betting and came
through. He went to the post at 8 to 5,
and, catching .Gusto before the, latter
horse had traveled the length of a trolley
oar, won ridden out from Eva D, the
second choice. Toltec finished third.
a dozen lengths separated Cazador
from the balance of the field at the'eon
cluslon of the six-furlong scramble fol
lowing. Cazador was a 4 to 1 chance and
ran over the leaders In the brush home,
winning. in a gallop. Ismad, the 8 to. 5
favorite, ran a fair race, leading out Con
nell for the place. Midget blew up after
leading for two-thirds of, the distance.-
Little Lewis on Billy Moore came within
an ace of tossing off the six and a half
furlong selling affair. He had the 5 to 1
chance in front at the end of the grand
stand and was to all appearances win
ning easily. Then the youngster began
watching the inside horses and. not per
ceiving Knapp coming with a rush on
the outside with Blue Miracle, won by a
head only. Cherries which closed equal
favorite with Blue Miracle, ran third.
At last Grail displayed some trace of
her best form. The mare closed equal
favorite with Chub for the final mile tell
ing run and registered a very handy win
ner in 1:40%, after Jackson 'on Constellator
had cut out all the pace. Chub had rood
exercise following them, but found - the
game a trifle too swift for him. Show
honors went to Dr. Shorb.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
L. W. driven by Fred Ward; aha.amJld
favorite, captured the -2:15 pace;; and; Irt
the running events first choices connected
with three purses.. •«. ; ; ' : ; /¦
As it was ladies' day, the attendance
was large and the field books.were.bdoa
barded with dollar bettors. ; .•;¦•.•>':•>.'.¦
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30.— A' dead
„ heat for the seven-furlong event
.between El Piloto and Loyal S
was the only unusual feature of the rac
ing at th« track this afternoon. Loyal
S had a slight call over El Piloto in the
betting and in a long drive it looked as
if the last named gelding had > won ' by
a head. The judges, however, did not
agree, and after some deliberation com
promised "by giving a* dead, heat decision.
The o number, of Miss' Vera was hoisted
as having finished third, but this error
was „ later "rectified and the show given
to The Miller. .. . • . . .. . '
Special Dispatch to Tho Call,
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles.
Bet2£. Horse. Weighty Jockey St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Kings Court. 104 (CrawfdU2 6 11
20 to 1-Dr. Holscher. 103 <Mlller)14 » 2 1%
15 to 1-Roger Smith. 101<A« s ""> 4 ?._*,,?„
Time 1:5<"!4. Start good. A\on handily.
Winner J E- Mitchell & Co-'s cb. g. by
irin. Eriellary T II. Noweta W. John It
1OT NmE R&nt Mi Laor U0. Wil
heimlna zfna Knight 107 Opttaal(«.
Axarea 1C5. Varna Fonso 10J. Heglra 100. El
Rey 102. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs. «elli?»: ,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. « 4 Fin.
8 to 1— Happy Chappy. 99 (CalvU) 1 2 1 1
12 to 5-Jake Weber. 104 (Sheehn) 2 B 2 2
7 to 1— Mlmo. 09 (Livingston) .^. 3 3 3 1
Time 1:15 Vi. Start good. Won handily.
Winner G C. Baker's b. c. by The Hero-
Maudte' R. Maverick 89 Cranium ,10a ««»:
along 104. Shellmount 104. Eleanor Howard
104 St. Vitus 1C3. Santa Ventura 89. also ran.
FOURTH RACE^ — One and an elghta miles,'
¦Betting? Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
16 to 5— Pettljohn. 102 (Foley) 3 4 1 h
12 to 1— Lev Dorsy. 86 (X.Johnsn) 4 2 2 1
2 to 1— Bessie McCarthy. 101 ¦
(AnsUn) ••• 7 3 314
Time. 1:55." Start good. Won driving.
Winner Stubbs Bros.' ch. c. by -Dorian-Quad
ruplet. ' Klngstelle 83. Aladdin 10S. Taby Tosa
103. Jack, Young 05, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five and a hair furious*.
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. *^ Flp.
10 to 1— Luclan. 104 (Crawford)... 2 2 15
i to 1— Our Llllie, 101 (Howell). 4 12 1
6 to 1— Kilo. 106 (Austin)........ 1 « 3 1%
Time.* 1:08%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner.' P. M. OvlU's b. c by St. OeorKe-
Malfal. Haven Run 101. Ingolthrltt 108. Ex
central 104 Lady Thlatle 100. Rhyme and
Reason 10.V Ruak 9S. Debbie May 1«>. Check
Morgan 103 Sweet Myrtle 100. Frank Collins
103 Pilgrim Girl 101. also ran.
SECOND RACS—Slx furlongs. pors«:
Betting. Horae Weight. Jockey; St. % Tin.
3 to 1— Mocortto. 107 (Llnton)...i 1111
8 to 2— Avoid. 106 (Foley) 4 4 2 1
3 to 1— Annie Max. 107 (Sayera). 2 3 S 4
Time 1:14%. Start good. Won handUy.
Winner.- G. Wentworth & Co.'s ch. ro. Vy
Amlgo-Santa Monica. Prime 103. Lady Fonse
95 Tempt 107. Shipping Port 103. Marchioness
103. Phllllda 95. St.. Temecula 107.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 30.— Tho handicap
at a mile and an eighth was the
feature of a very ordinary card
at the Fair Grounds to-day. Bessie Mc-
Carthy and Taby Tosa were made equal
favorites in the event and both were
heavily backed. Jack Young, the out
sider, also came in for a portion of the
play. The fields 1 were large and there
was but little class to the horses com
peting. . > : ; ' .
In the first scramble aC aeveu furlongs
for two-year»©!ds. Launay was made Xa*
vorite with Miss Crawford W. W. Dar
den & Co/s crack Tenny. flliy.V 8h« *»
asked to concede a bulk oi «r«!snt to a
very fair field. T6» weitfter yre* clear
and warm and the track gooi . fiuaoi
tteai:-:/:; ¦•••-..:.•.•¦ . : :".. /;:.•¦ ' i?'.". wV ' '¦••• i : : ':
' PIH3T TtXCS^Uitn fart«««*.' !«»•: ! :
Betusr. lion; V.'*UAu JacJwv.- W.% fia. -..
•M- to 1— l*.Jy • • Fr« , Ksfebt. .. .•> » -': •.¦•'-•• v • -. g;
;.^.\:.^> •:«c^ivm--.v....i ...-V. !¦;¦*£*:
rl to 2—»«»« Crawfor<J.112 <Sfeehn» T ;» « X
. Time. V.SSh'- Start tooa. : Wwt ' tffMcr.
"Winner.-" J. T. Daniels ft. Co.'* ti e. br H**
mence-Blddy Doyle. Busier 97. Dusty Miller
85, Launay 05, Collln George 92. also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Loyal S Makes It a Dead
Heat With El Piloto in
: the Seven Furlong Event
Lord Hermence Takes the
Seven. Furlong Scramble,
Beating Miss Crawford
Wins First Honors in the
Mile Selling Ran With
Chandler in the Saddle
Bessie McCarthy and Taby
Tosa Equal Favorites at
the St. Louis Race Track
HANDICAP GIVES
BRISK FEATURE
TO A TAME CARD
GRAIL DISPLAYS
SOME TRACE OF
HER BEST FORM
SPOBTSMEN EMTJOY BAKE
TIME AFTER, DUCKS
Happj' the sportsman who possesses a
duck preserve or has an invitation to
ehoot over one these rare Indian summer
ohvs. From ail directions wherever there
are fresh water ponds come reports of
limit bags.
Old-time pportsmen are surprised at the
number of canvasbacks in the upper bay.
Several limit bags have been secured on
these birds, something unheard of here
tofore at this season of the year. The
fcprtg are unusuaJiy numerous on the
Country Club preserves near Point Reyes.
The preserve owners are enjoying the
cream of the Bhootlng now, but with the
first big storm the unattached sportsmen
will have their turn at the came birds.
W. W. Richards, T. J. Wal»h and a
puost shot over the Montezuma Gun
Club's ponds at Colllnsvllle last Sunday.
The bag for the three guns was 141 birds.
Included in these were about fifty "cans."
The members of the party also enjoyed
some enipe shooting.
Otto Feudner Pcorod his usual limit bsug
last Sunday on the Stewart pond.
Among the regulars at the . Field and
Tule Gun Club preserve near Sulsun are
C. C. McMahon, J. J. Wlrtner, Milt linger.
Dr. A. T. Derby, William Bay. Al Cum
mlng and A. F. Hopke. The majority of
the members who were out last Sunday
secured" llmJt bags.
Six members of the Cpooney Gun Clubv
George Morse, Rod Guyett, Dr. E. T.
Merry, L. R. Larzalere, A. Brommer and
W. Whitehead. enjoyed excellent sport on
thplr pr«»erve last Sunday.
Ed Wands killed a white epoonblll a.t
The North Shore Railroad officials have
arranged to run a special sportsmen's
train to. Tomales on tho first Saturday
night In November, leaving 1 this city; via
the Sausalito ferry at 7 o'clock. -The train
.will leave Tomales ¦ at 6 o'clock Sunday
night. If the travel warrants it the train
will be continued during, the season.
Fifth race— Airtight, Haywaxd
Hunter, Tancred.
' Sixth race — Burnie Bunton, Golden
Rule, Qregor K.
the Canvasback Club preserve, near Sui
£un, recently. This is a rare specimen,
being the first seen here.
Rod Guyett will try his fortune after
quail to-morrow near Sevastopol.
E. Kleve8ahl killed fifteen ducks on the
Honker Gun Club preserve, near Sears
Point, laat Sunday. Charles Boiiton se
cured an equal number at the same place.
The majority of the birds were "cans.'i
The warm weather of • the past week
has had Its effect/on the shooting of the
Empire Gun Club members on their Mon
terey preserve. Owing to the heat there
was no steady flight of birds, the major
ity of which stayed on the placid surface
of Monterey Bay. Eight of the members
were down on Wednesday, but found con
ditions unchanged. In the party were W.
W. Van Arsdale, Samuel M. Cutler, F.
Blair Turpln, James P. Sweeney, John
Pennington, Goorgre H. Batchelder - and
eon, S. E. Slade and Mr. Britten. With a
promise of better shooting conditions a
party of fourteen will ' go down to-day.
Tho party will be made up of Con Roman.
F. L. Haupt, Dr. G. G. Gere, C. A. Ben
nett. Dr. A- J. Sylvester, J. B. Hauer,
Louis IL Allen, W. O. Cullen, L. J. Au
bert, Bert Patrick, Dr. C. C. Payne and
Dr. b. f. a 1 (i r- n *?^ti,i(rm?Wffivn 1 naff irrai
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race* — Jack Dexnund, Grand
Opera, Coruscate.
Second race— Don Domo, Tokalon,
Clifton Forge. Vi -^v-
Third race^ — Hargis, Dr. ' Stephens,
Huzzah.
Fourth race^ — Bondage, Our Bessie,
Cursus.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
Fifth race, one nr.d a quarter miles, selling —
Mermen<-ia 111, Eda Riley 109. Brief 103. A!r
llght 102, Hayward Hunter 102. Barrack 100.
Tancred 100, Ml.«s Liza 97. Benson Caldwell
07. Pcthf-en 97, Harry Preston 97. Dodle S
1MJ. Mr. Dir.tf e 05. Louinville 92. Sarah Max
im »2. Sidney Sabath 81.
Sixth race, fix furlongs^ — Golden Rule 122,
Mayor Johnson Kfl. 'Burnle Bunton 109, Gregor
K 1C9, Louis Wagner 107, Never Fret 104.
Whifekey King 102. Henfy McDanlel 102. Mu
rei=ca Jrt, Egg Nogg 97, fitemwlnder 92. Front
t-nac 02. Nen-etor 02, Albcmarle 89, Tioga 80.
Weather cloudy. Track fast.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell-
Ing ' the Alpine (•takes— Hargls 10S, Havlland
i<5. Dr. Stephen* 105. Big Ben 104. Sidney C.
Love M>l. Huzzah 08. Thane ICO, Potheen 9:>.
Mezzo K3. <Huxzah and Love. Arthur entry;
Havlland and Hareis. Corrigan entry.)
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap — Grand Opera 114, By Ways 102. Our Beu
*!e 103. Bondage 100. Ethylene 100, Nitrate
KO, I Know 09. St. Tammany 9S, Charlie
Thomr*nn ST. Alfreda 05. Brief 95, Boaster
&•_•. Little Boy t*4. Airtight 93, Fairbury 00,
Cursus S8. <noanter and Brief. Goldblatt in
to': By Ways and Opera, Hlldreth & Smath
er*>' entry-)
CHICAGO. Oct. 30. — The entries:
Flnrt race, one mile — Grand Opera 122. Lit
tle Boy 110. C. B. Campbell 109, Jack Demand
107 Lee Stlns>an 107, Alllne Abbott 104, Mar
«ha.l»»a 104. Mary Moore 104. The Don W,
Eir Hueh 05, Chicago Girl 95. Coruscate 95,
Goodman 05, Dolly Hayraan 05, Boundary U5,
Gilfain 05.
Second race, six furlongs — Don Domo'116,
Wright 113. Clifton Forge 113, Tokalon 110,
Orderly 110. Pat Hammon 07, Torltomo 95,
Instrument 95. William ParrUh 02, General
Slpward 02.
WORTH ENTRIES.
SIX clubs of the California Associa
tion Football League will play the
opening matches of the 1903-1904
schedule to-morrow. The Independent
team will meet the Thistle eleven on the
Presidio athletic ground, the game'begin
ning at 2:30 p. m. Ladles will be admitted
free, but a small charge will be made for
men for admission. On the cricket ground
at Webster street, Alameda, the Vampire
eleven 'will play against the Occidental
team. At Idora Park, Oakland, the Al
bion Rovers will play the first match of
the season against the Hornets of Oak
land.
The Independent team ¦will be made up
of the following: . Cook, goalkeeper;
Lynch and Michels, backs; Al Smith, J.
McGraw and R. Russell, halfbacks; W.
Arter and E. Fay, left forwards; P. Fay,'
center forward; T. Fay and T. Nolan,
right forwards. The Thistle eleven will
be selected f rom . A. Strang, goalkeeper;
Forrest and Tierney, backs; McGregor,
Hunter and Disher, halfbacks; Taylor,
Smith, Smyllie, T. S. Lydon, Love, Moore
,and Rintoul, forwards.
The Vampire team will consist of R. K.
Airth, goalkeeper; G. D. Martin and E.
M. Petersen (captain), fullbacks; F. Har
wood, A. A. Glarver and E. T.. I>angdale,
halfbacks; V. S. Showell, R. H. Turner,
F. W. kay, R. T. Weaver and A. W.
Wilding, forwards.
The Occidental eleven will be T. J. Ly
don, goalkeeper: G. W. Kelly and T.
Lloyd, backs: J. W. Smith, V. Holland
and Ross O'Shaughnessy, halfbacks; J.
Condon, F. Holland, J. Bowden. W. Ex
ley and W. Weinstock, fbrwarda.
The Albion Rovers will put the follow
ing men into the field: Moran, goalkeep
er; Lancaster and Johns, backs; Smith,
Robertson %nd I Bayne, - halfbacks; Brad
ley, outside right; Gilchrest, inside right;
E. Orter, center; O. Orton, inside left;
Churchill, outside left. The Hornets of
Oakland will be represented by William
son, goalkeeper; W. Pomroy and P. Mil
dred, backs; H. Bird, "Percy' 1 Chambers
and T. McKay, halfbacks; George 8:
Lackie. outside right; Gerald Cowell, in
side right; R. Shand,; center; Edgar B.
Ppmeroy, Inside left, and ! : A: Hunter, out
side left. ' ¦ '• ¦ ¦ "¦¦ ; : ' ¦'¦ '.¦¦-¦- <:¦¦: ¦¦¦: :•
Hugh' Williamson will referee the match
on the Webster-street 'ground, Alameda.
C. W.. Irish will referee the game on the
Presidio athletic grounds, San Francisco,
and J. D. Robertson will referee the con
test at Idora Park, Oakland. It has been
decided that the referee will give intima
tion by blowing the whistle twice when
a goal may be scored . without the ball
touching a second player.
THIRTEEN FAIB PLAYERS
ENTER TENNIS TOURNAMENT
Interesting Competition Is Expected
on the Park Courts for the -
Jackman Cup.
Thirteen tennis players entered the
women's handicap singles tournament to
be played to-day on the park courts., The
event la for the Jackman cup, which- is
held by Miss Hazel Hotchklss of Berke
ley. Miss Bessie Valleau, a promising
ybung player from Alameda, with the
generous handicap allowed her, stands
probably the best chance to win Mies
Anita Beyfuss. on the "Hfte«n" -mark
with Miss Valleau, also has an excellent
chance.
Miss Holchkisa and Miss Edwards, each
of whom has won the cup once, will play
from "IB'-' back of scratch. MIss'Hotch
kiss beat Miss Edwards in the finals last
time and the State champion is anxious
for another chance. Play will begin at 9
o'clock. • .„ - .j
The drawlngr and handicaps are as fol
lows: : .'
Preliminary round-Miss V. Crocker
(30) vs. Ethel Ratclifte (owe 15), Miss' B
Durkee (30 3-6) vs. Miss Miriam Edwards
(owe 15), . Miss Gretta ~-. LJndstrom (15 3-6)
vs. Miss Anita' Beyfuss (15), Miss Karln
Lindstrom (16) vs. Miss Hazel ; Hotchklss
(owe 15), Miss I. Mearns (30) vs."MIs3 : D
MHte (30). ¦•:: ;. V , '
First round (upper, half)— Miss D/ "Weed
(30), a by«; (lower half)— Miss Anna All
berger (15) y«. Miss Bessie .Valleau O5).'.
Season to Open With Three
Events To-Morrow on as
Many Different Fields.
FOOTBALL MEN
OF ASSOCIATION
TEAMS TO PLAY
AQUEDUCT SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race— Ahum ada, Athlana,
Akela. *v
Second race^ — Harangue, Llolinos,
Juvenal Maxim. :
Third race — Sweet Alice, Unmask
ed, Wild Pirate. ' .
. Fourth race — Ahumada, Irene
Lindsey,. Colonel BUL
Fifth race— Blverdale, Rob B07,
Alforten.
Sixth race— Highlander, Ethics,
Carbuncle.
..- AQUEDUCT ENTRIES.
.* >:EW Tt>RK. Oct. 3<>.— The entries:
Kirtt race, «cd a haa furlongs, selling,
thn*-> car-olds — Mary Street 1U3. Gorey itiZ,
M*la. HO, Baikal 1M, Forward 107.- Mount
Hope 1C2. Squanto 10fi, Athlana 94, Ahumsda
JIT- AtbelTOM in, Foxey Kane 102, Lightship
3'i'i. Our Nugge-t 201. Blue and Orange 103.
:i:va Kuwell 101. Double Shuffle 'J4, Lady
-. Kr«gl.1hoo«l H4. Wager : 105. Nine Spot 1U.J.
1 rlaoesa Tulane lfJ3, Counterpoise 1(*>.
• BCxsvl race, six furlong*, handicap, two
>f-«V-oi.^i>— Trofcsachs JUl, Molinos 105. Long
. rr-ir US. Ruby Ring SS, Hello 123. Pol JUwer
3<«. Tom Cod &<i, Juvenal Maxim l£<i. Ha
rangue 110.
T*ilrd rs.c«\ one mile. w?lling — All Gold 106.
Wild Pirate !)S. Highlander 1C2. Ella Snyder
•M. G. Wfcittler 111. Moderator H7, Dark Planet
J(i2, Swett Alice B2, Mary Worth 94, St. Sever
V&. Early Eve 101, Hyland 102, Rlngdcne 89.
T n masked J0}>, Locket 101, Oclawaha »9 Ani
mosity JM.
1-aurth raco, ?ev*n furlong*. Bayview handl
f»p — Colonel Bill 128, King Pepper Ilti. Astar
•it*!il.*,, Irtne L5nd*ey 112, Bonnibert 103. El
e;e L «2.' Lux Casta 10C, Illyria 1'ri. Rirhtful
W. Rostand 112, Ahumada lftH. Wild ThymV
1W Revxlie S4. Contend 102. The Captain 67,
Fifu". race, five farlonc!". rcalden two-year
•Iris — Coppelia 105. Sir Carter 105. Rob Roy
!<>£ Neptunas 10s. Orlskany 108. Gananogue
X05, Vtbonic 10s, Riverdale 1CS, Mr Pickwick
1<«, (>«• tte Arena. 105. Mohican 108, Chats
J|J5. liiue-Uuck ViH. Juba 1CS. Conkling 1OS,
K.jmfrnbo ICo, Zellier 105, Dusky IOC, Alforten
106. Tide 1C«.
Sixth race, cue and an eighth mile* — Circus
111-; Highlander 110, Carbuncle 12C. Ethics 11°
rrtnrawll HO. Tribes Hill 117. Gaviota Utt'
I>.>rd* Badge lje. Maofl i;ichirdson 114. Colon
say.-1C8.
Weather clear. Track fast.
* PIXTH liACE— Selling, for maiden three
y«>«ir-clds -apd uuward. one mile.
Itettlag. yiort*. Weight- Jockey. St. » 4 Fin.
I.toC — Bretons, 107 (H'dfern) 1112
1(t to I-» Trepan. 107 (Wilkerson). .1<] 15 2 4
3 to 1— Erbe. 107 (BlKXtiU) 7 2 32
• • Time. " 1 -.4u 2-5. Start, poor. Won driving.
•VTnner.- i". R. Thomas' b. g. oy Tenny-
Ilousegir*- Also ran — Grantedale 107. Ci.->*-<?r
land llo. Amtr.te 1«7, Effie Sheppard 107. Love
Note lt>7. BrniUneJ I117. He.ir Apparent 107.
Scjuid 107. William Pireon 111. :-.*u:t Blanch*
110. Torn Law Fan 107. Silver Fir 110. Dlnr.a
T^rgef 107, Ticonderoga 107. Sir Troubador
•lu.to I— Meistersinjrer, 111 tHtg'n.*) 1 7 2 h
8 1*J 1 — V:ie G«ards'n, S#4 (J.Jone?) 3 « 3 hf
T,ir... 1:4I>5. Start. lair. Won cleverly.
Winner. W. L. Oliver's ch. h. by Rayon d'Or-
Wtily Nelly. Also ran — McWilliams Iu3. l«aul
<T.fford HXS. -Bolina 103. Sentr>- 10<l. Conun
<!:.um 10^. Hot 1i»j. Potentate "t»8. Sir Roche
MB, lT"t> o" Rye :m». Man o' War 10ti, Clncm
r^r;:g S3. Medal 104.
•jmriEL RACF— Filing, for three- year-olds
am} uow'ird, one mile.
DevOrx. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?; Fin.
T to l't — AU-ijold. 1OJ» (Burns) 5 4 12
Ti!ne. 3-5. Start, good. Won driving.
¦JVinnei. rV 'iiivan's b. g. by Henry of Na
vcr're-Tan*!a. Also ran— Tim Payne 10G,
f-Veet GretcbVn 117. L>imDle 105.
• FOURTH RACE— The Oakdale handicap, for
tw^-ve&r-olds; fix Turlon^s.
•7w-.ti.ne. ' Uurjw*. Wetphl. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
''5 tc-1— D. Turpln, 113 tCochrane) 1 1 1 1^
11 to.5 — RitVe Kir.g. 122 (Gannon). .• 3 2 2 h
tsto I — D.^l'.y t-'r«aJikPr, IL'6 (Redf'n) 6 6 3 3
SECOND RACE— Selling, for two-year-olds,
fix furlocffs.
BtttiRg. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
J'i;-»5 — Flammula, lol (Higgles). 7 1 1 » 4
Even — Wctan.. 114 (Hicks) 8 2 2 n
to I— reliance, 110 (O'Neill) 6 5 32
Time, 1:14 3-!i. Start, good. Won driving.
.Winner. W. 11. Kraft's ch. f. by Flambeau-
Oretchen. • Also ran — Mineola 107, Silverfoot
102. Briarthorye 103, Garnish 102. Piquet 107,
Hiawatha 102. Duncan loo, Souriere 111.
• TVIRD' RACE— Jlling. for all aces, one
Bile.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey-. St. a» Fin.
4 t"« I— Oarsman. 115 (Redfern) 2 115
*ti -2-— Grenade. 83 (II. Callahan).. 3 3 2 n
5 to 1 — Contusion, 95 «ConneIl>. . . . 5 2 3 3
"'•». 1 :3i» 1-5. Start, good. Won ridden
cut . Winner, L. Kerapner's ch. g. by'Ha*t
logB-OrteraX Also ran— Young Henry 115,
i"u'-irit& 67.
NEW YORK, Oct. SO.— Barring
what were characterised as "re
versals." the racing at Aqueduct
to-day was excellent. "William C. Whit
ney, in order to ece for himself just how
Caseidy's starts are made, went over to
the starting 1 post for the second race, in
¦which his filly Mineola was started, and
had the satisfaction of seeing the best
start of the day. la which the whole field
of eleven ran in a close bunch for about
a furlong, after -which they began to
string out..
Ice Water won the opening race, ridden
by Troxler. Redfern was evidently not un
der "waiting orders" when he rode Oars
man, for he went right out in front at a
pare which eventually caused the fastest
•-im«» for a mile ever run over the Aque
duct track to be huns out. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Handicap for all ages, seven
furlongs.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
'> to 1— Ice Water. 110 (Troxler). 5 3 1 24
4H to 1 — OMrich. IK) <J. Jonee) 6 1 2 n
11 to 5— Lord Bad£*v 111 VBurns) 14 3 4
Time. 1:28 2-5: Start, fair. Won e&sily.
Winner. F. Bruhns" civ. f. by Watercress-
Rutfcof. Also ran — Ascension 117, Demurrer 106,
•Jdcfcarlb &4.
SrecJsJ Dieratch to The Call
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
« 'o .7— C. Thompson. 107 (Hall)... 3 115
9 to 2— Ledus. 1C1 (Ferrell) 2 4 2 3*4
5 to 2 — Boaster. 1C2 (Wilson) 15 3 1
Time. 1 :46 2-5. Start fair. Won in a canter.
Winner. E. Trotter"* b. g. by Appomattox-For
get M? Not. C B." Campbell 9tt, Alfred C 101,
Compass 101. Lampoon 05, also ran.
FTFTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling.
Betting. Horf<e Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
M'to 1 — Gen. Steward. 95 (J.Bker) 1 1 1 h
5 to 1— R. Toung,- 100 (Mclntyre) 4 4 2 2
7 to 2— Avenger. 108 (R.WIlliaros)3 2 3 2
13 to 1— Myror-dale. 97 (Wilson)... 7 5 4 1
Time ] :13 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. Arthur's br. c. by Oakwood-Freyja.
Louis Kraft 106. Instrument 100, Cheny 100. J.
Reiff ST. also ran. •Disqualified for foul riding.
FOURTH RACE^ — One mile; purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. Et. % Fin.
2 to 5— Wltful. Ill (Hall) 6 1 lh
3 to 1— Toah 110 (Adkins)..." 14 24
3 to 1— Coruscate. 104 (H.Phllllpe) 4 2 3 1
Time. 1 :39 1-5. Start fair. Won hand rid
der.. Winner, S. C. Hildreth's ch. f. by Mirth
fu'.-Refpor-pe. Falm Reader ©4, Alfredo 107,
Fairbury 110, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *; Fin.
5 to 1— Sarah Maxim.90 (Phillips) 3 2 1 h
4 to 1— Ooodman. 02 (J. Booker). 6 12 3
13 to 1— Jim Hale. 105 (R.WUlaros) 4 3 3 3
Time. 1:27 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. Phillir* & Co.'s ch. f. by Maxim-
Sarah Ramsey. Eva's Darling 102, Safeguard
!» Emma A M 99. Cardwellton 102, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furiongrs;
purse.
IJettinsr. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
« to 1— Fly Lady. 100 (Wilson).... 3 1 1 H
7 to 1— Leila, 1U7 (Hall) 4 2 2 1
4 to 1— Badgtr Girl. 107 (J.Booker) 2 4 8 2
Time. 1:(*S. Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner. O. W. Belknao & Co.'s ch. f. by Sir Wal
ter-Ace of Hearts. Wisteria. 100. My Gem lyO.
Carmelita 10O. also ran.
CHICAGO, Oct. SO.— S. C. Hildrnth's
Mirthful filly. WltXul, picked up
111 pounds in the fourth and fea
ture race to-day and covered the circle in
1:29 1-5, beating- Toah by a head. Wltful
was a prohibitive "favorite at 2 to 3,
backed from. 1 to 2. but horsemen were of
the opinion that had Adklns made his run
sooner he might have beaten the favorite,
as he was gaining fast at the end and
two jumps beyond the wire was in front.
The race was one of the fastest run at
the meeting. Coruscate carried the field
along at a fast clip for a half-mile. At
the far turn Wltful, which was last
rounding the first turn, ran around her
field, took command and, coming on, won
rather handily by a head.
General Steward, the favorite at 3 to 1,
won the fifth race by a head and was
then promptly disqualified because his
Jockey, J. Booker, whipped Ralph Youitg
over the nose all through the stretch,
causing him to stop. This gave the raoc
to Ralph Young.
The track was at Its best, the weather
waa clear and cool and 4he attendance
above the Friday average, probably be
cause the racing season around Chicago
ends to-morrow and the programme ar
ranged for "getaway" day Is about the
best of the meeting. Summary:
KIRST RACE— One mile; selling.
Bettinr- Hone. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 1-^J. J. Corbett. 112 (Ferrell) 4 2 11*
12 to 1— Frank M, loy (Mclntyre). 1 5 2 nk
0 tt> 1— Atheola. 104 (H. Phillips) 7 4 3 1
Time. 1:41 2-8. Start bad. Won handily.
Winner. P. W. Hedges' ch. h. by Kingston or
St. Maxim-Eleanor. Pronta 104, Four Leaf O
10U. Jack Doyle 99. Tom Kingsley 99, Balrd
1U7, Old Miktt 104, Jim Winn 104, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
General Steward Wins by
a Head and Is Then Dis
qualified by the Judges
Redfern on Oarsman Makes
a Record Run on the East
ern Course in the Mile
Card at Aqueduct Track De
. velops Some Interesting
Events, Barring Reversals
Mirthful Filly Covers the
Circle in Splendid Time
in Feature Event at Worth
WITFUL SHOWS
AMAZING SPEED
IN A GOOD RACE
FIELD RACES
IN ONE BUNCH
FOR A FURLONG
* . Fourth ' race, :, handicap, " steeDlechase,'. over
short course — Faraday Junior, won, Fallela sec
ond/Sea Pirate third. ' Time, 3:05. >?^paamtUt
:.'' Fifth raee.; five furlongs — Judge Denton won,
Odon second. Commodore third.* Time," 1:01 3-5*
' j Sixth ; race," ; six : : furlongs — Khaki ¦. won." Fair
Lady Anna second, Satchell third. - Tima, 1 : tf
- 1 Second race, ; one mile— Kilmorie won, Lemco
second; Melbourne Ecltpae third.'. 'Time, 1:42%.
; . Third ' race. . five f urlonKs — Trovotor won. Ar
morer second.* SJarobocki third.--: Time, '1:02. *
'¦;¦' CINCINNATI. Oct. 30.— Latonia eummary :
" Flrtt ; race, six vfuricmgs— Grand ; Mary won,
Olonetz ' second.' '. Rustic^ Olrl third. Tune. ,1 :13.
Results at : Latonia.
BAN JOSE, i Oct. 30.— Frederick Brown, a
grain; dealer, brought *an . injunction suit this
afternoon against the Interurban Electrio Rail
way; to prevent the- further > construction of. the
road i on North : Main • street. > . Ha asks for an
immediate restraining order..'- .... / < *¦ ;vi
•T Stolen - bases-^Townaend," ' McLaugrhlln. " Er
rors — Mosklmari."- Doyle. Gorton, ' Egan. Two
base, hits — Schwartz. McKay, Moskiman. Sac
rifice bits-^-Casey." O'Hafa, Hildebrand. First
basd f on errors— Oakland 1. - First •; base , on
called balls — Oft Hitt, 10; Off Moskiman, 1; off
Knell, > 3. ¦ Left on. bases — Oakland 4, Sacra
mento 13. -Struck out — By Hitt, 1; by. Knell. 1.
Wild pitches — Hitt. .'Moskiman.. Time of game —
Two hours.-. UmpIre-7-McDonaJd.
SUMMART.
Sacramento .....0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0—1
. Base hits...... .0 0 0 0 2. 0 10. 2—5
Oakland ........ 0 0 0 0 0 10 1 x— 2
Basehits.....: 1 0 0 113 2.0'x— 8
The .Senators, came near executing' an
old-time, ' rapid-fire ; finish in the. -.last
spasm "of ' the ¦ day. Casey opened' up the
ninth' with a drive over short. McLaugh-
Ihv and Hildebrand died easy. Truck
Egan responded with a drive to Dever
eaux that was too hot to handle. Moski
man became unsteady for a moment and
passed Townsend to first. The bags were
filled and it was up to Sheehan, but the
best he had was a fly that Moskiman
looked after and then all. was peace and
quietness. The score:
Oakland — r Sacramento —
AB. R. H. P.A. > AB. K. H. P. A.
O'Har, c(2 0 1 0 0 Casey, 2b 3 0 1 2 1
Mskn. s-p 4 0 2 2 3 Hildbd. If 4 0 0 0 0
Murdk, rf 4 O 0 2 < 0 McL.gn.rf 2 0 OOO
Bhwtz, 2b 3 0 1 2 6 Twnsd.lb 2 0 1 0 0
Kruger.lf : j . 0 2 0 llEgan, s. 5 O 2 2 3
Mesrly.lb ,J 0 1 12 . llShehn. 3b 3 0 0 2 3
Devrx. 3b 2 0 0 ft 1 Doyle,-cf. 3 0 1.41
Gorton, c -3 . 0 X> '. 2 0 Graham.c 3 10.41
Hitt, p.. 1 0 0 1 3Knell, p. 4 0 0 0 (J
McKay.sl 2 111 ¦•¦¦..¦-
¦ .Totals. 29 X 5*23 15
V, Totals. 26 2. 8 27 16 , .
- »O*Hara out; hit by batted ball, j
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
. In' the eighth the Cripples got another
one without the aid of a base hit. McKay
was passed and O'Hara sacrificed. . M0S7
kiman slapped a' torrid one at Egan,
who fumbled, : putting • McKay on- third.
Murdock' produced, a long fly to 'center
field and McKay arrived without 'ah : ef
fort..'. . ;. . ¦•••.•¦¦ •"¦•;¦; ¦¦.¦.¦¦• ' -.•;- ¦¦•¦ :
Hitt passed ten men to first base in four
innings. lie was so lucky the . Senators
secured only one runoff him and got It
by a scratch. The. budding southpaw
could not throw the ball within yards of
the plate. He had a world of speed and
when he did put 'em over the Senators
could not-land. This sort' of thing could
not go on forever, thought Pete, so he
chased Hitt and ordered the M. D. out to
the middle of the lot.
. Moskiman , was in good form and the
Senators . did not make any more .' runs.
They secured five hits oft Doc and two
of these came in the ninth rQund, but out
side of that there was no damage done
and the Cripples held their lead as soon as
they got their last run.
The first Cripple tally came over in the
seventh,' when young McKay tore off a
double to right and O'Hara beat out a
bunt." Moskiman gladdened the hearts of
the Oakland admirers with a swell two
bagger out to -the left field fence and
McKay tore home. O'Hara tried to do
likewise, but a' relay throw nailed him
at the pan.
THE Cripples got away with the
game yesterday, at Recreation
Park, though their, chances were
selling at about 100 to ( 1. They
had .about all V" e luck that is
possible • in baseball ..cornered. Mr.
•Hit.t .'started to pitch and such wildness
as his- was' never before ; shown at the
Eighth-street lot. Peter was wise, how
ever, and he put Dr. Mosklman Into the
box in time to save the game. Score,
2 tO-1.- ¦'.¦'-.' '¦¦ ¦ ¦ ' ' ' • '• ¦ " : '
On Tuesday, or .Wednesday ; of the ' week
f ollowing.Uhe ;• Ingleside tournament ,' Bar
ney .: Oldfleld will make an attempt • to es
tablish a' record for fifteen miles straight
away '. on ''some ; road > near "Ban Francisco.
IA force of men has been at work on the
Ingleside ••; track V f or s the . past two > weeks
and ' It Is being rapidly put into excellent
condition.*' "7;;; ..-.¦- "• * "¦
The races to' be held on ;the Ingleside
track on Friday and Saturday, November
6 and 7, will be the most important ever
held.; west s of Chicago. . With so many
powerful machines taking part, it is ex-,
pected some of the' world's records for.
distances of one to fifteen miles will' be
broken. ¦ Thirty handsome cups and' cash
to the amount of $2500 are offered .as
prizes. The entry list 'contains the name
of Barney Oldfleld, who is regarded as the
champion, automobile ; racer of the world.
He haa cjvered one mile in 1 55 2-5 seconds
and holds the world's record for all dis
tances from one to fifteen miles. He is
on hla way from Denver, accompanied by
his wife, and will have with him two rac
ing cars and a big touring car.. , -
A thirty-flve horsepower. Peerless car
and other racing machines will be brought
up from Los Angeles. Among the cars
that will . oe . seen on the Ingleside track
are the, Packard racer "Gray .Wolf,": a
Franklin special car, the Oldsmobile "Pi
rate the Second" and George P. Whittell
Jr.'s forty i horsepower racing Mors .ma
chine, which took a; high place Jn the
Paris to". Madrid - race and won the open
events at; the Ded Monte meet In August.
, Among : the participants in i the . motor
cycle races will be Francis E. Carslake,
Joseph Holle,~A: Sampson, Thomas White
and - C. C. .Hopkins, i There will be four
prizes in j each motor-cycle > race. , i
L. P. Lowe of the racing committee re
turned ; from Los Angeles on Monday and
reports . he has secured , several entries
from 'owners of automobiles in Southern
California. >. F-. • A. Garbutt. who won sev
eral "events at the Del;Monte tournament
.will be present In -a". White racing- touring
car. 1 Hewlett C. Merritt of Pasadena will
race his sixty horsepower Mercedes car,
which; took part in several important
races. in, France and at ' the Long Island
tournament.*: "'- ¦¦ ' :'"*.' , - ;•
Many automobiles owned by visitors to
San Francisco will join the parade, among
them being members of the automobile
clubs of Alameda and Oakland. A special
train conveying members of the Automo
bile Club of Los Angeles will reach San
Francisco irr time for, the parade..
Each automobile dealer in the city has
promised to turn j out all his available
machines. Many of the cars will be dec
orated handsomely, three prizes having
been offered for the three machines ad
judged to be the best decorated. The
White Automobile Company has presented
a silver cup of the value of $100 as first
prize. The San Francisco News Letter
has offered a ' silver ' cup of the. value
of $50 as second prize' and Dr. F. C.
Keck will give a trophy as third prize.
The parade will be marshaled by L.P.
'Lowe, who will be assisted by E. Court
ney Ford; F. A. Marriott, F. A. Hyde.
E. P. Brinegar, C. A. Hawkins, Cuyler
Lee and Byron Jackson.
The parade will be formed at the junc
tion of Van Ness and .Golden" Gate ave^'
nues and will proceed down Van Ness
avenue to Market street, thence to Kear
ny, to Bush, to Montgomery, to Market,
and thence to Golden Gate avenue.
AUTOMOBILISTS are looking for
.ward with" interest to the grand
parade of . decorated machines to
take place on the night of November 5.
Notices' have been . sent out to every
owner of an automobile In San Francisco,
Oakland,' Alameda, Berkeley and other
places, and the number of favorable- an-;
swers received makes lit appear ': certain :
that the parade will- Include more/ than. a
hundred self-propelled 'carriages, making
it one of the largest ever held in the
Western States.. . . . •
t W. L. Pet.) . W. L. Pet.
Los Angeles.116 70 -C24 Saa Fran.. 06 101 .487
Seattle 91 00 .503 Portland ..85 03 .478
Sacramento . 04 05 .407 Oakland . . 82 115 .410
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Hitt Creates New Record
by Walkirg Ten Men in
the First Four Innings
AIDED BY LUCK,
CRIPPLES BEAT
THE SENATORS
THE SAN FBAtf CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1SJO3.
FAMOUS CARS AND THEIR DRIVERS
WILL COMPETE AT INGLESIDE TRACK
AUTOMOBILISTS ANTICIPATE A RECORD-BREAKING MEETING
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVANA CIGARSCOPTIC WILL CARRY LARGE
CARGO FOR ORIENTAL PORTS
AMERICAN BARK OREGON
THAT NARROWLY ESCAPED
A WATERSPOUT.
BAKERSFIELD. ' Oct. 30. — Frank Bosteln,
a lumber man employed at the mill on Mount
Brecklnridge. near this city, - was ¦ caught be
tween two . logs yesterday and the lower part
of his body was horribly crushed.' Slight hopes
are entertained for his recovery. ..¦ - -
LUVERNE. Ala.. Oct. 30.— Jim Cnambera
and Lew Shaw, negro murderers, were hanjed
here to-day.
The drowned body of George White, a
bricklayer, was found yesterday afternoon
floating in the bay near "VJTebster-street
wharf. White lived In a shanty at the
end of Flllmore-street wharf and it is be
lieved that he fell'off the wharf accident
ally last nlsht. 'StflHHBSfl
George White Drowned.
Alfred E. Hird, who, on August 10 last,
¦was run Into by a messenger boy on a bi
cycle at the corner of Jones and Sutter
streets, has sued the American District
Telegraph Company, the messenger's
employer, for $10,500 damages. Hlrd
claims that he was permanently Injured
and disfigured by the accident. He says
the boy sounded no bell to give warning
of his approach. |5K3552S
Bun Down by 'Messenger.
Willapa Bay. pages 70 and 72— Cedar River
Flats buoy No. 3Vi. a second-class can. was es
tablished October 24 In 22 feet of water to
mark the southern edge of Cedar River Flats
and as a guide in the channel to the wharf at
North Cove. Vessels should not pasa to th«
northward of the buoy.
Hawks Point. NNE, % E.
House on outer end of wharf at North Cove.
W. % 3. , . • ¦'
House on outer end of wharf at Toke Point.
N by W. % W.
Sealanrt Channel buoy No. 9 was changed
from a third to a second class can October — :.
Strait of Juan de Fuca. page 7U — Sand Spit.
new dungeness buoy No. 2. a first-class nun.
heretofore reported adrift, waa replaced Octo
ber 24.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
„ „ . CO. CALKINS.
Commander. U. 8. N.. *Llghthouse Inspector.
Office of Inspector Thirteenth Lighthouse Dis
trict. Portland. Or.. October 27 1903
(No. 26— 1903. >
Columbia River Entrance, page 53— South
side of middle ground buoy No. 7, a first-cUsa
can. waa discontinued October 20. owing to th«
establishment of a post light In the Immediate
VtClDUy - WASHINGTON. -
OREGON AND WASHINGTON
Notice is hereby given of the following
changes in the aids to navigation in this dis
trict which affect the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1903:
Notice to Mariners.
Captain Nelson of the steamer Arcata, re
ports that at 8:30 a. m. of October 25 he lo
cated the wreck of the South Portland by that
vessel's 'cargo boom, which Is floating, an
chored tonne sunken steamer. The wreck lies
from a mile and a quarter to a mile and a
half westerly of the Northwest Rock, oft Port
Orford. and is in seventeen fathoms cf water.
Locates South Portland Wreck.
VaLLEJO. Oct. 30.— The collier LJnda
arrived at Mare Island to-day from Car
diff« Wales, with several thousand tons
of coal for the United States navy. . Th'a
collier Nero, with 4000 tons, from Phila
delphia is due here to-morrow. <
Collier Linda Is at Hare Island.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. " DestinaUon. Sails. Pier.
October 31. ~~ , ¦'.
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 10
W.H.Kruger Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 £!£ Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier »
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm pj er ! .>
Coptic...... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
N. Fork.... Humboldt .:.... ..| 8 prciPieY 2
G. Lindauer. Astoria & Portland. 5 nm Pier 9K
November 1.
Callfornlan. New York direct Pier 2.1
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 am Pier la
S. Rosa San Dlero & Way. 8 am Pier 11
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier U
Phoenix.... Mendocino City.... 1 pm pi er «
November 2. .
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Port*. 10 am Pier 2
Czarina Coos Bay direct. . . . 12 . m Pier a
San Pedro.. Humboldt ......... 4 pmlPler 2
Olympic... Whatcom & Falrh'nl 4 pmlPler 2
City Puebla. Puget Sound Porta.m amPlcr'3
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 1 10 am Pier 2
.November 3. I ... ,.-¦¦:
Coronado.... Grays Harbor .1 4 pm Pier 10
S Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 11 am Pier 16
Corona . : . . - Humboldt ........ II :30 p Pier 9
November 4,
Chehalis.... Grays Harbor ...; pj er 2
S. Monica... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
O. W. Eldei Astoria & Portland|ll am Pier 24
¦ November • 5. ¦ | - ..,|_.
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier H
Bonita Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 11
November ' G. :
Rainier..... Seattle & .Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Kamses..... Hamburg &. Way.. 2 pm Pier 19
. - November 7. -•
Centralla... Grays Harbor .;... 4, pm Pier 10
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier . 2
Alameda.... Honolulu 11 am Pier^,7
Umatilla.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Curacao.... Mexican Ports...;. 10 am Pier 11
Peru....... . N. Y. via PanamaJ12 m Pier 40
• November 8.: ¦ \- t
Newburg... Grays ¦ Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
November ' 9. : - -'. -.
Columbia...) Astoila & Portland! 11 ami Pier 24
FROM SEATTLE. •_.. ;¦• .-;
Steamer. For "I'SalU." '
Humboldt ... Skagway & Way Ports. | Oct. 31 i
Excelsior Cook*. Inlet *: Way Pts. (Nov. j
City Seattle. . Skagway & -Way. Ports. (Nov.- » I
Al-Kl. ....... Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. *
Diriga. ....... Skagway & Way Port».|Nov. 6
Bertha Va Ideas . A Way, Ports .-. iNov.-lv
Valencia . ..". Skagway & -Way Ports. (Nov." 7
Dolphin. .'.'.". . Skagway & Way : Ports: (Nov. " 7
Farallon. . . . .'.j Ekagway & Way Ports . |Nov. 10
PORT ANGELES. -Wash., Oct. 30.— Th«
brig Tanner is afloat and In the bay. Cap
tain Newhall sold the vessel to a party
of speculators for $350. The captain of
the tug Katy had been unable to move
her. This morning the tugs Katy and
Yellow Jacket pulled her off at high tide:
She Is to be refitted and will likely com
plete her contract for shingles for San
Francisco.
Brig Tanner Is Again Afloat.
Steamer on Overdue List.
The British Eteamer Oralau was placed on
the overdue list yesterday at 30 per cent. She
is out 15 days from Norfolk Island for Sydney
Aurtralia. Tfce rate on the Daisy was ad
vanced to 50-Der cent.
Acapulco to SaiL
The Pacific Mall Company's steamship Aca
pulco will sail at noon to-day for Panama and
way ports with pasw>ngere and a full cargo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Iffatters of Interest to* Mariners and
V- * Shipping Merchants.
The French bark Germaine. now at Portland.
»«' chartered prior to arrival for wheat thence
to Europe at 25?.
The harkentlne'S: G. Wilder returns to Hono
lulu with ccncral cargo.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
tie city front (Micilua-otreet /wb&rf) . about 23
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Tim* and Heights of High . and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official-au
thority of the Superintendent. ¦
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Mollncs. hence July 17. for Queenstown.
Per Fr bark Genevieve Molinos— Aug 15, off
Cape Horn. Fr bark Neuilly, from Rotterdam,
for San Francisco.
Per Br ship Clan Galbraith — July 3, lat 42 04
N. Ion 10 57 W. Fr bark Marguerite Dollfus,
from Hull, for San Francisco. July 30, lat 44
N, Ion 22 42 W. Br bark Eurydlce, from Cape
Town, for Liscomb* Harbor, N Y. Aug «,
lat 20 Otj S, Ion 38 20 W, passed stmr Corona,
from Buenoe Ayre*, bjund N. Aug 10, In
company with Ger bark Martha Richmon.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 30. 10 i> m— Weather
hazy; wind W, velocity 6 miles per hour.
SEATTLE — Arrived Oct 29 — Stmr James
Dollar, hence Oct 26.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Oct 30— Schr Marion,
for San Pedro.
Arrived Oct 30 — Schr Jennie Wand, hence
Oct 21.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Oct 30 — Stmr
Santa Monica, hence Oct 20; stmr Newburg,
hence Oct 26.
IlEDONDO— Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Redondo,
for San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Oct 30— Br bark
Battle Abbey, from Port Blakeley.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 30 — Stmr San
Gabriel, from Eureka; stmr Chehalis, hence
Oct 27.
Sailed Oct SO — Bktn J M Griffith, for Port
Hadlock; schr Esther Buhne, for Eureka; schr
San Buenaventura, for Coos Bay; stmr Ruth,
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct SO— Schr Mabel Gale,
for San Frar.cisco.
Arrived Oct 30 — Bark Coryphene, from. San
Pedro.
EUREKA— Sailed Oct 30— Stmrs Acme and
W H Krugcr, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 30— Stmr Xoyo, hence Oct 28.
ISLAND PORT.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Oct 30— Ital
bark Herat, for Australia.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 30 — Stmr Bruns
wicV, hence Oct 28. \
EVERETT— Arrived Oct 30— Schr Susie M
Plummer. hence Oct 17.
TATOOSH— Passed out Oct 30— Ital bark
Herat, for Australia.
Passed in Oct 30 — Stmr Queen, hence Oct 28,
for Victoria; Br ship Eskasoni, from Antwerp,
for Seattle; Br «tmr Tartar, from Hongkong,
for Vancouver.
Passed out Oct 30 — Tue Samson, towing
barge Washtucana, for .
TACOMA — Sailed Oct 30— Bktn Georglna.
for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Oct 30— Br bark
Battle Abbey, for Cape Town.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 29— Bark Louis
iana, from Newcastle, Aus.
Sailed Oct 30 — Schr Mary E Foster, for Port
Blakeley; bri*r Geneva, for : stmr Siberia,
for Hongkong; U S tug Iroquols, for cruise.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Oct 29— Schr Watson
A West, from Grays Harbor.
SUEZ— Arrived Oct 29— Br Btmr Trebla,
from Manila, for New York.
CARR1ZAL— Sailed Oct 10— Br bark Iredale,
for San Francisco, via Junin.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 20— Br itmr Kaga
Maru. for Seattle. Oct 29— Stmr Stanley Dol
lar, for Kobe.
MELBOURNE— Sailed Oct SO— Bark St
James, for Newcastle, Aus, and Honolulu.
Arrived Drior to Oct 30— Ship Reuce, from
Vancouver; Br bark Pharos, from Eureka.
MAZATLAN — Sailed Oct 20 — Stmr San Juan,
for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 30— Stmr Nu
midlan. from Glasgow; stmr Rheln. from
Bremen.
Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Arabic, for Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 30— Stmr Com
monwealth, from Boston, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
Sailed Oct 30 — Stmr Columbus, from Liver
pool, for Boston.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Oct SO— Stmr Au
gxtste Victoria, from New York, via Plymouth,
for Hamburg, and proceeded. . ' % ¦
HAMBURG — Arrived Oct 30— Stmr Phoeni
cia, from New York.'
HAVRE — Arrived Oct 30— Stmr La Bretagne
from New York.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Armen
ian.' for New York.
BROWHEAD — Passed Oct 30— Stmr Umbria,
from New York, for Liverpool.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVE!
Friday. October 30.
Stirr Gualala. Johnson, 11 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Stmr Pboenlx, OdJar.d. 15 hours from Men
docino.
Stmr Whltesboro, Fosen. H hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Fanta Crux, Gielow, 30 hours from
Port Harford.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen, 44 hours from San
Fe<iro. i
Stmr San llateo. Ross. 4 days from Tacoma.
Rtmr Greenwood, Johnson, C2' hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Cocs Bay, Gielow. 70 hours from New
port.
Stmr Curacao. Paulsen. 11 days from Guay
roa«. via Enscnafia 46 hours.
Whalinu bark Gayhead, Fisher. 25 days from
Bering Sea.
Whaling etmr Jeanette, Newth, 23 days from
Point Hope.
Schr nobert R Hind, Ericfcson, 0 day* from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Diana. Welldacher, C3 flays from Caro
line Islands.
Schr Onward, Elllngaen. 7 days from Coqullle
River.
Schr Del N'orte. Jacobsen, 9 days from
R^gue River.
Bchr Ida A. B*ck. 5 hours from Point Reyes.
CLEARED.
Friday. October 30.
ftmr Pomona, Swanson. Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Btmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego-
Pacific Coaet Steamship Co.
Br hark Orion, Ehand, Queenstown; Baifour,
Guthrie & Co.
SAILED.
Friday, October 30.
Btmr Edith, HcJl. Seattle.
Ftmr Columbia. Doran, Portland aad As
toria.
Stmr AJcazar. Martin. Greenwood.
Ktmr Gir-ey, Inland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Scotia.' Eriekson, Bowens Landing.
Simr Arro, Dunham. Pigeon Point.
fitir.r CMco. Martin. Eandon.-
Btmr South Hay, Jamieson, Eureka, .
Hchr Emma Claudina, Jacobsen, IZureka.
Sihr, Newark. Reinertwn. Stewarts Point.
6chr Cameno. Keller. Port Gamble.
Cchr Lizzie Prlen. And>rs3n, Coqullle River.
SPOKEN".
Oct 12, lat 11 X, loa 27 W, Fr bark Mu-lt
Steamer. From. I Due.
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma |Oct. 31
Arcer. Maru.. China & Japan .«. .|Oct. 3 1
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 31
W. H. Kruger Humboldt Oct. 31
Empire Coos Bay Nov. . 1
Mackanaw. . . Tacoma Nov. 1
Kan Pedro... San Pedro Nov. 1
Nebraskan... Honolulu & Kahulul.... Nov. 1
C< rtna 1 Humboldt Nov. 1
H*ir.<er Seattle & Whatcom (Nov. 1
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria INov. 1
C. Nelson Portland & Astoria |Nov. . 2
SUUaltC Cal... San Diego & Way Ports Nov.* 'i
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 2
Olympic..":... San Pedro Nov. 2
liineola Tacoma Nov. 3
Coronado San Pedro Nov. 3
ir. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia Nov. -3
Alamt:da Honolulu .." ..INov. 3
T'pnptllla Puget Sound Ports INov. :<
Chehalis San Pedro Nov. 4
Centralla Grays Harbor Nov. 4
Eureka Humboldf Nov. 4
Portland Nome via Seattle INov. 4
Pomona Humboldt (Nov. 4
B.Monica Grays Harbor ....(Nov.. 4
Sun Juan New York via Panama. INov. 4
Fanta P.osa. .. San Dieiro & Way Ports Nov.- H
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Nov. 5
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Nov. - B
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 5
Rival Willapa Harbor Nov. 8
Arcata Coos Bay '& Port Orford Nov. 0
Ccoc Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Nov. 8
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 6
North Fork... Humboldt N O v 6
Q ue °n Puget Sound Ports Novl 8
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Nov. &
edge. I gave her no bell since tho time I flrst
stopped her." •¦¦• V ¦'"
"Do you know that they were not golnr
ahead?" •% i -
. "I Co not." • ...
"Did you bo onto the navigator's bridge or
give any bells after she struck?"
"No, sir." "' -'.'-" ''•' '
"Did you tell the chief engineer to keep her
going and you would run for the beach?"
"I did. but that was after the captain and
his crowd had left the ship. Both /boats were
gone then."
"Did you have the pelnter made faat?"
"Yes sir I made It fast myself and cast It
loose after the boat was loaded with passen
gers and passed a slip knot around the davit
and gave the rope to the sailor In the bow."
WOMEN WERE CARED FOR.
"Did any women have life preservers on?"
"Yes I put them on. There were eighteen
In the 'boat, and If she had cleared the ship
she would have been all right."
"¦Would tho steamer have headed to the sea
if her engines had not been running?"
"No, sir." • , '.'—I
"By whose orders were the boats lowered"
"The caDtaln's. H» was in the boat at the
"Why did you not go In that boat If It was
your boat?" . '
"Because it had tha largest number of pas
sengers and I had agreed to let the captain
take It and I was to take the other. .
"Do you think that Captain Mclntyre left tho
ship through fear or to help tha passengersr
"I think he left for the passengers sake.
"Did he give any order* when h« left the
ship?" .
"Ho did not."
Bruce then told of the capsizing of the
boat He said: "When' /we lowered the
boat the captain was watching the sea.
He shouted, . 'Lower! Let go!' I let the
forward tackle go and the seaman the^
after. She landed fair and square, but
the after tackle had a kink tn it which
Jammed. As the sea receded from the
boat she was lifted from the v/ater and
capsized. When the sea came back again
the rope slid through, and as I had pre
viously given the painter to tne man In
the bow of the boat, thinking she was all
right, the boat drifted away."
Here the investigation was adjourned
and continued until Monday at 1 o'clock.
PORTLAND. Or. Oct. SO.-When th»
steamship Algoa sails from, this port next
week she will have stored away In her
hold the largest flour cargo that ever Ief£
the United States. It will amount to 85.000
barrels and not only will be a record
breaker for Portland, but for the entira
country. At present a steamer oiv tha
Atlantic coast holds flrst place.
The wharf at which the Algoa is load-
Ing was too amall to hold all the flour
that was put on board the vessel. Tha
wharf was packed to its full capacity
with flour and after all of this had been
put on the steamer she still had carrying
capacity to spare. Several carloads more
of flour were required to complete tha
cargo. Until now the Indravelli of tha
Portland-Asiatic line held the record flour
cargo taken from this port. She left hera
for the Orient on September 2 of this
year with 57.977 barrels of flour.
Will Sail From Portland Next Week
With 85,000 Barrels In Her
Hold.
FREIGHTER ALGOA CARRIES
THE RECORD FLOUR CARGO
• r.ruce then : told .that the ship struck
on the* port ; side just abreast the , maln
mast < and . struck but once. He said ¦ that
the crew never had ' any lifeboat drill, ; but
that * the boats . were swung * regularly.
Captain Bolles 'and Mr>r?ulger again ex-'
amlned the witness.
;• ."She., was c going ! ahead and turned ; toward
the beach, was she. not?" . ; _ \ ,: ., ¦ ,
"No. sir, she was. headed, toward th» sea
and her : engines .were not : coins to my knowl-
"He did. He » said that we : wer» ten miles
off Arrieo and ten miles off shore."
BBTJCE GIVES FACTS.
"No, sir." :
- ." You , had ', not at any tlme'of the afternoon
made up your reckoning to ascertain where the
ship- might* be?"
"No.^slr.'.' , * . .
."Dirt the captain clve *)u any reckoning at
noonthe day of the wreck?".' ¦.-; ;•'.-
and how many did you pick up?
"There were two men in the boat and one
hang-ins - on. I picked up two men and a
boy."
"Did the women in the boat sink Imme
diately?" Z:
"No, sir: I saw them floating. Mrs. Bent
waa floating face up with arms outstretched,
and appeared to be dead. They had life pre
servers on. They were strapped on."
"Did vou make an attempt to find those
people after you got control of the boat?"
"Yes; hut we couldn't handle the boat in
the wind and sea. We lay by a while and.
hearing no cries, started for the beach. I had
seven people In the boat then."
At this stage of the Investigation Mate
Bruce was out on the stand and testified
that the compasses were : ad justed. He
told of the trip down the coast the day
of the wreck and said that the weather
was very thick. S "I took repeated sound
ings in the fog," said Bruce, "but didn't
make any reckonings of our position other
than referring to the log," he said.
"Was it not a rule to make a reckoning
when you -went off watch?" was asked.
"Yes, sir." . ',
"Was it not more important that you
should do this in foggy weather than In'
fair?" '
"Yes, sir. I got my position by the log
astern."
"You did not know by your reckoning
how far offshore you were?" .
¦"I. got soundings at noon, no bottom,
and concluded that I was. well off shore."
Captain Bolles then questioned him In
regard to the reliability of the lead and
line which he had been using for'sound
ing and made him finally admit that it
was not as reliable as the patent sound
ing tubes. Bruce further said [ he took
the last sounding at '4 o'clock and got
seventy fathoms. He had a look/uit ahead,
but he , could -not see more than a hun
dred yardsahead. "I think we struck
on the outer sunken reef orf Cape Blanco,
the reef to the westerly and I southerly
of the p^lnt. We struck at 4:40," he said.
When asked if he had noticed any dif
ference in the water just before the ves
sel struck or had noticed any kelp, he
replied -that he "had not? noticed; any. dif
ference until the moment ' she • struck.
According to the . mate's story he f ran
from " seventy-five fathoms . Into • thirteen
fathoms, the depth around the reef, * in
forty minutes! He ¦ fixed the speed at 7%
knots and said that the jar was very light
and he had no idea that it would do the
damage it did. ' .. • . ¦ ¦¦- • ¦
i Bruce was then ; asked the following
questions:
r.VDo' you, think that If you had any idea that
tho ehip was In danger and had been specially
on the lookout that you could have stopped in
time?" -¦-•: . . ¦•¦.:'- I
The waterspout reported by Captain Parker
Cf the American bark Oregon yesterday fur-
Titehcd local eailormen with a wealth of eug
fc-eMion and wherever mariners met there were
told yarns cf wonders and raj-steries or the
tea encountered in many waters In all kinds
or craft. Cautain Parker stands for all he
afCrmod in his report and in proof furnished
the Merchants' Exchange with a sketch of the
waterspout showing the relative sizes of ship
ar.a column. i . . .
Sailors Discuss Waterspout.
The German schooner Diana, which left here
tour years &so as the American schooner
Queen of the Sea, arrived yesterday from the
Caroline Islands. The Diana, changed owner«
and flags in the South Seas and has been en
paped In trading between the various islands
In the vicinity or the Carolines. She has come
riere to be try -decked ar-d e'eantd. The
f"chooner's bottom is armored with barnacles
and festooned with seaweed, and sh* was C3
aaye -coming from the Carolines.
Back From the South Seas.
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 31. 1 ,
Sun rises .6:35
Sun sets .6:12
Moon sets ...1:51 a. m.
O jTime| |Time| |Time| |Time|
p 1 1' Ft. | 1 Ft. I ( Ft. I 1 FL
• |L W| |H W| |L W| |H W|
31 lTsi 1.3J 8:25 5.2 2:30 1.8 8:37 4?3
1 2:15 1.4 8:56 5.2 3:06 1.4 9:2tS 4.5
2 2:54 1.0* A:2S 5.4 3:45 0.9 10:17 4.7
3 3:31 1.8 9:56 5.5 4:151 0.4 11:C5 4.8
4 4:101 2.0 10:25 5.6 4:52—0.111:64 4.9
5 | 4:4Sl 2.2 1O:5G 6.7 5:34| — 0.4.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides- are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence «s to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tides of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
somftlrr.es occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth . given by
the charts. The plane of reference la tha mean
of the lower low watero.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, Ssn Francisco, Cal..
October 30. 1903.
The Time Ball on U"> tower of tha Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. £., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time.
J. C. BURNKTT,
Lieutenant U. S. X., in charge.
TO ARRIVE
Movements of Steamers.
• Captain Beadnell, who for this one voy
age succeeds Captain Kinder in command,
was the Miner's chief officer, but is sailing
as- captain for the second time within
l'Jss than- a year. He took charge of the
Coptic "for a round trip some months ago,
¦when Captain Kinder was detained ashore
en aecornt of sickness. So well did the
.young officer acquit himself that the
White Star people have turned the com
irar.d over to him again, although they
had plenty of notice of Captain Rinder's
Intention to leave to have had Captain
Armstrong here to relieve Kinder.
•with about ninety cabin passen
gers and nearly 4000 tons of cargo. The
cargo includes a large shipment of flour
and silver bullion, valued at $80,000.
Among the passengers will be several
round-the-world parties and a large num
ber of missionaries. There will be also
a small contingent cf .Government em
ployes bound for Manila, for whom no
room could be found on the transport
Sheridan.
f*>r HE Occidental and Oriental
1 1 • Steamship Company's liner Coptic,
\t Captain Frank E. Beadnell,
**¦ will sail to-day for the Orient
ORDERS WERE GIVEN".
"Before you left you gave orders to abandon
the ship. Why wasn't she" abandoned at that
time?"
"I supposed she waa being abandoned."
¦;Were the men in the engine-room notified to
abandon the ship?"- •• ' „
"Yes; I told the mate to tell them."
"Why didn't you notify them?". ,
"I -was all ready to lower my boat. The
other boat was ready, too. The reason I took
the port boat was because it contained the pas
eengera. I know every bit of the beach around
there,' and because of that I thought It would
be best to save as many-lives as possible." ¦
"That was the reason you took command of
the boat,' was. it?" ,
- "Yes. sir." ¦ *
"Don't you think as the master it was your
duty to see that all of those boats were properly
lowered and the proper officers in them?"
'VU1 in the starboard boat were seamen, and
I thought them capable of looking out for
themselves." g^a-^ifcis • i
"Did you have all of the passengers in your
boat?" . ¦ -
¦ "I had ten. of them; two were left aboard
the ship." ¦¦¦¦¦.: ' *
"Who was the officer who belonged. to that
boat?"
"The .'first officer." .
"Did you not have confidence in his ability
as a seaman to handle that boat?"
"I certainly did, ' sir."
¦ "Then why . did you not put him In'- It and
tell him to remain, near ,by after he "had
cleared the ship?" "
"Because we had made other arrangements.'.'
, "When- you • had ¦'¦ the first officer . who was
capable ... of ; taking ¦ charge . of that > boat, \ was
it not your duty to stay aboard and . see : the
other boats lowered?" '. : ' . /•
• "My : thoughts ¦ were of- my passengers, ¦; I
was sworn to - look after them ¦ and . see ' them
safe. I didn't think -we would have any trou
ble at the ; ship's side. I , thought ; I could
reach the coast and land them safely. i There
wasn't any shlD to 'save, r knew that 1 she
was rone. I , didn't '¦ rush • around s and 'Jump
Into; the boat, f. but .had a. consutlatlon with
the chief officer.- concerning* the , boatload of
passengers. .-."• Some of , them were taken up In
arms and DUt Into' the boat."" -*•¦-•
"If you had. remained on deck, couldn't you
have seen the other boat lowered?"
T;"Yes."..; . : ,.•¦:--¦.-:¦;,.- ,">« .,.;;¦:;:¦¦ '\
"Then, why didn't you assign officers to the
boats when you decided, to abandon the ship 7"
"I have given my reasons." , •¦> , -
"When ; you ; left the - ship; ' captain, r. did , you
not leave some men in the engine-room?" ¦.-• : -.i
"Yes: three men.V. ¦-" •¦". ,* '. '• •
"Did>you: give. them. any orders?".
"I did not." ,.•'.. • „- . ..SSSEanBwfSDfSt
? "How; far from a your ship >¦ were you when
you regained .your capsized boat?:' /
- "About forty or; flfty.yards.V, , .
"How many were, there ln-thal boat; then.
"Why didn't you stop that propeller before
lowering the boats?"
"I thought if the propeller was stopped she
would pay off, still now I don't think she would
have done so."
"Did that not Increase the danger to keep
that wheel going while you were lowering the
boats?"
- "Yes. I think It did."
"Did you give orders to stop her?"
"As soon as I came on deck." -
"Before you went Into the boat you knew
that the engines were* going ahead. Did you
speak to the engineer at the time you went be
"What did you say?".
"I Bald I thought we were off the Coqullle
and if we . could steer her we might get In
closer." "
"At the time the boat was lowered. If the
ship had been stopped and the people had had
life I preeirvers, would not more have - been
saved?"
"No, sir; there were life preservers in the
boat." • ¦ . .. ¦
Captain Mclntyre testified that there
were plenty of life preservers, and that
the women had life preservers on and
that First Officer Bruce put them on. He
said that the engines were .not moving the
boat ahead, as the propeller was almost
out of water. He admitted that he left
the ship knowing that there were three
men in_ the engine-room, and gave them
no orde'rs to leave, but said that he told
the mate to call them up. The captain
said that the reason that he left the ship
before all of the crew was off was that ha
wanted to j save the main crowd of the
passengers, who were ail in one boat.
The move, he said, was planned during a
consultation with the flrst mate. He
knew the shore off which he was wrecked
and considered himself better capable of
landing the passengers than any one else.
First Officer Bruce testified that he had
been on watch the day of the wreck and
that he had made no ' reckoning to ascer
tain the location of his vessel, but had
determined it by sounding. Getting no
bottom he considered that he was well oft!
shore. Later in the day when lie got sev
enty fathoms he still made no reckoning
as to the vessel's whereabouts. The mate
sustained the captain in most of his tes
timony and stated that he did not think
that Mclntyre left the boat through fear,
but in order to save i.he passengers.
Bruce's testimony showed that he actetl
coolly and did all in his power to save
lives. He gave no bell for the ship to
go ahead after stopping her at the time
she struck and did not think that she
she was moving through the sea at the
time the boats were launched.
The first mate' then described the
launching. •¦ and subsequent capsizing of
the lifeboats, and his version of the
story showed that the capsizing was <iue
to a jammed rope and not to the fact
that the steamer was going ahead.
THE CAPTAIN'S STOBY.
The captain was first put on the stand.
He said that the ship was properly
equipped with life preservers, arranged as
follows in the bunks "of each berth:
Fourteen in the forecastle, twelve in the
first cabin and thirty In . the after space
used as the steerage. He said there were
six passengers In the steerage and .six
passengers and a child in the cabin. He
then described the launching of his boat
and the capsizing. The story was thus
told by questions and answers:
"Was the chip going ahead at the time?"
asked the inspectors. . /
"Not at all, sir."
"If the engines were running, why wasn't
the ship moving ahead?"
"We had the ship stopped and around on the*
port helm until she was In o nor'westerly
swell and heading a choppy sea. Her head was
well down and the stern well up, until you
could 6ee the propeller's hub. The boat made
elgh't knots at best and in heavy weather about
nve or five and a half knots, when in trim.
Her engines were going round, but she had no
headway and acted as a w.eather vane in the
wind. I don't think there were any fires put
in her furnaces from the time she struck until
the flrst boat was launched, a period of about
twenty-five minutes."
"If the ship had no headway .why couldn't
you have thrown lines to the people In the wa
ter?" " -
"Because the swell threw them back from
the ship."
The investigation instituted Thursday
by. Inspectors, of Steam Vessels Bolles
and Bulger to fix if possible the blame for
the wreck of the steamer South Portland
on the afternoon of October 19 off Cape
Blanco, and to* ascertain the truth of the
charges made against Captain Mclntyre
for alleged criminal neglect of his pas
sengers and crew, was continued yester
day afternoon.
The accused '..captain was plainly un
nerved by the rigid cross-examination he
was subjected to. and more than once his
eyes filled with tears under the merciles3
fire.
Mclntyre's Assistant Testifies That
He Did Not "Give the Engineer
Any Bell After Ship
Stopped.
First Officer Thinks That
Commander Was Nofc
a Coward.
Master Abandoned Ves
sel to Save Hu
man Lives.
MATE BRUCE
SAYS CAPTAIN
ACTED RIGHT
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, '^TURDAY, OCTOBER 33; 1903.
Liner Leaves To-Day for the Far East With ManjrPas
sengers, Among Whom Are a Number of Missionaries
and Several Parties of Around-the- World Tourists
12
TZ . — ! — . , — . ' - " " M " ¦ -¦ — .-¦ —.--1. — 7^ . .. .... ... , . f^^ '
I GET NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL j
I 1 == NOVEMBER l.-s I
With Schreyer's Marvelous Picture ~f
"FLEEING FROM TrjE FLAMES" I
I "FLEEINQ FROM THE FLAMES." j
A wild, unreasoning panic often seizes upon men in the presence of u
danger, or even when danger is only imagined. Among the lower ani- R
mals the greater the intelligence they possess the more they are sub- 1 1
; ject to terror. It is said that elephants tremble at the sight of a mouse, H
and horses, which aro credited with more intelligence than most domes- } j
'¦ tic animals, show more fear. „ ij
m - In the picture of Adolph Schreyer, reproduced in The Call art sup- ' i
1 plement, there is vividly depicted a stampede of terror-stricken horses 8
\ from a burning stable. In their blind gallop into the darkness they have H
crashed into a barrier and are plunging and struggling in confusion, l\
some entangled in the splintered wood, while others crowd upon them. It [¦]
, . is a scene which gave the artist abundant opportunity for dramatic effect |j
• and vigorous action. He has also displayed his ability as a colorist. In f!
its variety and richness of color the greatest merit lies, and its color H
makes this picture one of the artist's masterpieces. . h
Romantic tendencies are strong in all of Schreyer's painting, and 0
sentiment, color and effect were more important to frfm than accurate n
\ draftsmanship. He possessed the power to express strongly what he felt [J
more than the ability to depict truthfully what he saw. U
"Fleeing From the Flames" is owned by the Chicago Art Institute, [j
| and is included in the splendid collection bequeathed to the museum by • [*
I the late Albert A. Hunger in 1898. H
. Reproduction. of one other picture by the same artist, "The Arab ri
Scout," has been issued by The Sunday Call, and biographical notes f\
have been published. U
fJLL NEWSDEALERS AND TR0IN NEWS AGENTS SELL M
" , THE SUNDAY CALL.= MHides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Cash quotations "were as follows: Flour
steady: No; 3 spring > wheat, 7GS76Uc; No ~ i
red; 81%©«2%c: . No. 2 corn. 44044 He • No'. • 2
yellow, 44>^iS45c; No;^ 2 oats. 35*ic: > No. 3
white. 85>A0Mc: No. 2 rye. SScpgood feeding
barley. ; 40fr42^c; fair to choice malting. M8®
55c:>Xo. ltnaxseed.'RJ>c; No. 1 ' Northwestern.
94c: crime tlmothv seed, $2 75; mess pork." per
BEANS— Bayos. $2 15@2 40: Pea, $3 25; But
ters, |3 25; small White, $2 00®3 20; large
White. U2 20iff2 50; Pink. : $2 15i»2 40; ' Red,
$2 «0©3; Lima. $2 75(g2 90; Red Kidneys, $4;
Blackeye. $2 10jJ2 35 Der ctl: Horse Beans,
$1 sos*2. -.;;•¦: - -...:• .:'<¦¦} : - - .. '¦- -.... - -
SEEDS— Brown. Mustard. $3; Yellow Mus
tard.- $2 75@2 SO; Flax, $1 70@l 80: Canary,
50514c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 12®13c: Rape.
l%iC2Hc: Timothy. 6®6%c;» Hemp, 3U©3%c
per lb; Millet. 3®3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20©
23 per ton.'- -* .-¦-'. -'¦ ' •¦ ' : .iig£ssj
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 S0®2 per ctl.
The heavy influx of Beans continues, the re
ceipts yesterday : being 18,237 sacks M making
63.946 cacks thus far ¦¦ this week. The -market
for most kinds is ; naturally weak under this
condition. .Pinks being especially, depressed.
Bayo3 e re -steady, as they are in moderate, re
ceipt. Liroas are stiir rather firm than other
wise;' • -. - - - v .--"'*. ¦ ,-'••'--¦;• .
Beans and Seeds.
Apathy still characterizes this market both
here and at - Western centers. -There are no
new features to report •
¦-CURED MEATS— Bacon. "12c per lb for
heavy, 12x40 for light medium, 14«o for light.
15c for wctra light, 18s for suyar-cured anrl
19'* for extra sugar-cured : Eaitern sugar
cured Hams, iftVic; Calltornla Hams, 14% c;
Mess. Beef. $11 BO per bbl: extra Mess.
#12012 ftO; Family. $13013 50: prime Mess
Pork, $19: extra clear. $25: < Mess. $20;- Dry
Salted Pork, 12Vjc: PIb Pork. $2S: Pigs' Feet.'
$5 25: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tlercee quoted at 7 Vic rer lb for
compound end DftO'ic for pure; half barrels,
pure, PHc; 10-lb tins, 9«ei0c: 5-lb tins. 10VS8
10%c: :i-lb tins. 10U®10%c. '
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%e: three
half barrels.OUc: one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
Oc: five tierces. . 8% c per lb. . .
Provisions.
Dealers .are quoting higher prices for Hay,
as the demand is good and receipts are now
comyaratlvciy light. Bran and Middlings con
tinue steady. . - " /: / -
BKAN— JJO 50@22 per ton.
MIDDLINCS— $25 0O©28 per ton.
SHORTS— $20 iC@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUKKS— Hulled Bariey, $24©25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. ¥^"6^20 50: job
bing. C27iti~ 50; Cccoanut Cake. *21@-22: Corn
Meal. $MC©31:" Cracked Corn. $30 50®31 SO:
Mixed Feed. $22 50@2U 00: Horse Beans. $2o&
40 ocr ton.
HAY— Wheat. $1431« fO: Wheat and Oat
$13 50flfl 50; Oat. $12 50C14 50; Wild Oat,
$11 SCQ1.*) 50;: Barley. $11@13; Stock JlOffll;
Alfalfa. 510«12 60 per ton. :
BTKAW — 4Lyt5c per bale. -
Hav and Feedstuff s.
NEW YORK PTOCK LIST.
.. F l f |° ta ~" £a3w! »"f h - Low. Close.
Atchison «.soo C7^4 ««V4 «««»
Atchison pM «joo UO 00 SJW
Haltimore & Ohio. 4,»» 74 Ti 71 u fit?
Bait A Ohio pfd... 100 68 SB' S7»4
c«t1, 1 f a Ne p w c j a !.v. I 2 ; 200 U8% U8% J.^^
Ches & Ohio 200 29% 29«(i »*i
<-hlcago & Alton .. 2.700 27*4 28«1 *>0V
Chi & Alton pfd... . '* ¦ * - m
Chicago & Gt West 200 15* is"' 54T4
«" A G W B pfd ".. 2«H
-Oiri Terra *; Trans a
i-hl T A T pfd '.'.'.I'"' 17U
C C C A St Loui« 7-i
Colo Southern " ""* |1> T /
Colo Bo 1st pfd.... 100 S4K 54 K r.»
Colo So 24 frfd..;. -....- - . 2*
I>ela ware & Hudson .'/.'. •*-*-** 134--
NEW TORK. Oct. 30— To-day's etock mar
ket gave a etrikicg exhibition of the newly
acquired tendency to decline In the. face
of unfavorable developments. Confronted
with figure* on the weekly currency movetnr.u
whica Indicated a loss in c**h by th«- l.^nks
during the week of from thirteen to fifteen
million dollars, operators in stock* »<*re lack-
Ing tn courage to buy. But the offers to tell
»«:it almost urjtpprcciabl*. As a co.is ?-iu-^»ce
the market fell into actual stagnation during
the afternoon, er.d the asgreg&te .iealln^s tcr
the day, f»IJ to the smallest of the y«ar. The
whole number of shares sold during th* day
amounted to only ICS.ttOOL The day's price
changes were wholly without significance it
i. «-»-pt for the dragging tone in the Iron an I
s hteel industrials and the railroad «?<iulpiijent
*tock*. due to the unfavorable report* refc-ai~l
iRf the trade. It appears from the we ;Wly
ctaujnents secured from bankers themse^hs
that the shipments of currency by direct means
has amounted to about as much as those
through the eub-treaeury. ' The transfers
through the Government institution were
W.483.C00. The loss on eub-treasury opera
tions ; > a whole, including payments for new
cold, was about $1,500,000. There has been
my indication in the stock market of any liqui
dation and there is a likelihood that the No
vember settlement may have involved some
extensions of loans by the backs. If there
has been in feet any contraction adequate to
offset the heavy Io«s «n each, nothing has oc
curred on the aurface to tn<!ir»te It. The day's
money ir.arkt-t nevertheless was tranquil and
the can did not rise above 5 per cenC The
stagnation of the etock market was *aid to
have had something to do with this. In the
time ment-y market 5 p*r cent was bid for
e.l periods, but very little was offered. The
prospect of holiday interruption* aggravated
the indisposition of trade ' in stocks. The
threat<>nea extension of labor troubles among
tb* Mructural Ironworkers was an Influence on
nocks cor.c*rn«J In those trades.
ihe recent average of acUvlty In tb* bond
rr.erket wat mnch curtailed, but the backset
in i^ice* fM net extend to the whole list.
•^i '* *? <nar v *'u«). #1.710.000.
, 3 „ Etfi t« bonds were unchanged on the
New York Stock Market.
| EASTERN MARKETS.
Bid.Ask., Bid.Ask.
Alpha ©6 07 Julia 0« CT
Alta ........ 03 04 Justice C4 O.">
Andes ....... IS 19 Kentuck ..... — C2
Belcher ..... 1« 17 Keyes O ....1 75 1 ' St>
Beat & R....1 25 1 33 Mexican 95 »8
Bullion ...... 09 11 Occidental ... 20 22
Caledonia ......1 00 1 CS Ophir ...1 40 1 4*
Chal Con .... 23 27 'Overman .... 2» 23
CholJar IS lajPotos! ....... 17 1»
Confidence ... 60 63rSavage ...... 21 22
C C & Va-.*.l 15.1 2GjScorpion V... OX at
Con Imperial. «t 04 Seg Belcher .. 04 05
Con N T. ... C5 • OtS'Slerra Nev.... 39 40
Crown P .... 16 ISJSlIver" Hill ... 53 6o
Eureka Con... — MjSt Lculs;.:.. — 11^
Exchequer .. 15 16! Syndicate ..- 04 . C5
Gould A C .. 23 24 Union Coa .. 14 M
Hale A Nor... 60 65 Utah IT 11
Lady Wash... C3 04; Yellow J ..» «S 43
FRIDAY. October 30—4 p. m.
CLOSING QCOTAT1ON3.
FLO CE— California Family Extras. $4 60S?
4 fc5, usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 505J4 fiu:
Oregon and Wa?hington,-$3-liC@4 20 per 'bbl
for Family and t:i 0t@4 10 for Bakers'.
Mi LLSTUFFri-*- Prices in pnekages are aa
follows: Graham Flour, $.1 25 per 100 lb?:
Rye Hour. $S 25; Rye Meal. S-J: Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, $3 Z5: extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, - $4 CO: Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Klouv. *4 ZV@1 75: Cracked Wheat. 8:s 75: Fa
rina, $.4 M; Whole -Wheat Flour. $3 SO: - Rolled
Oats. tbl>=. $7 25{|S CO; In sacks, $0 7S@S 10;
Pearl Barley. $ti; Split Peas, boxes, 57; Green
Peas, ?5 CO i<er 100 lbs*.
Flour and Millstuffs.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturday, probably light rain; fresh
•outheatt wScdt.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Cooler weather prevail* generally over the
Pacific slope. Frost is reported at eome of the
extreme northern stations.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 31:
Northern California — CloucSy. unsettled weath
er-Saturday, probably rain in northern portion
::•-.•¦:. southeast win<ls.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; light
northerly changing to westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Saturday; warmer.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The pressure ha* fallen r&p:diy over Wash
ington and Northern Oregon. A disturbance is
evidently coming in on the northern coast and
brisk ecutheasterly winds may be expected
.irom San Francieco northward.
FORECAST.
li cat her Report.
<'2^th M'rHist!- racifir Tiro- >
' SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 30—5 p. vn.
Th* [otknring ar" the HftC^al rainf*!!? to
ftttc bt (-.imparf'l with th<^se ot Mm* dat* lift
wajniy r.r.i rainfall in lset twenty-fiuir hour*:
I-a«t This L??t
Etjitionc — C4 hours. s»-»son. w»»i»^>n.
Eureka 3.2<» 2.71
:i»4 :-:;urr .44 3.44
Sacrameata .14 1.57
San Francisco " .17 1.70
f resrw .... .O(> 0.42
In4.-pen'<*'nr-e Tr. o.:;s
:'an Luif «*>biy,«-i .«^ 2.^'
L*'Arp!ffi .43 o.m>
.-.:T. !).ppo .08 <*.J»s
THE COAfiT RKCOP.D.
3 - = - 3 S 4r
bTATIOX. J Ij. 2 3 ?3 5'^ £
Baker ...SO.XQ TC 24 SE CToudy ico
;«WB 30.00 38 21 13 rietidf -CJ
..ii;-ka 'SJ.'-ri ,v> it; \v Pt.Cidy .UO
E-aralSon rj. 1 .'-: r.s 94 vv iiouciy .<*)
Fresno 2».32 7s tn SW Ol*ar .<t>
3 jajT^urf JO.V2 TiO 22 XE Clear tut
lniiti>-ndrr.ce ..•Mi.'O «j>s 4s SE <*ioudy tw
i.-.* Asrclec". .33.80 Ts is V»* Clear .(«»
:.'t TamaJpais.S.W] e8 «S E Cloudy CO
North >Jead...i».ao r.G 4<! SW Cloudy .Co
Hboenfci TJ.Uii so 4»i N Clear .««
1'ocsitello S0.2ti :><> 22 W fi^tr 00
1'crilan.l r«.!»2 <z> *2 KE Cloudy !oo
faint Rerea.~.2».sa M S2 F\V <"ioudy wt
H'.-l Bluff 2M.«2 7N CS SE Pt.Cidy .00
Romebutg !*!<.!« t\4 42 W Cloudy UU
i-aerarrierito ..-J».UH 7« 50 SW Pt.Cidy 00
Ratt i-ake :{0.24 5i» :u ? \V Clear " .00
Sa:i -Francisco. !?.*.'*; C4 54 %\ Cloud*- <X)
San .1. Obispo.S0.0»» 72 44 W Pt.Cidy <K)
S*n Ditrso 2U. S4 «8 5S W c;i»ar .00
Seattle 2K.34 52 :t4 £E Cloudy .<O
r'lKkaw :; • . i <-. .".•: :;>i k Cloudy UO
Tatc^fh 29. W> :,2 *<i SW Cloudy loo
Walla WaJla..30.0v> r^s :ss S Clcudy CO
Winnemucca. ..:Ju.l« S« 24 N Clear «>0
Yuma 2J.1>> S4 Ut N Clear CO
Ala -A. TV- 5». — — .Do' con"«5s. — 1C5
Ray CPC 5s. — 103% O W- C O 3s — 11%
Cal C O-.i3.10H4— Oceanic S 5s 75 7»
Cal C & E g - Om C R Cs. — 122H
m & ct 5s. — 1C2% Pae-G 1m 4s — 88
Cal-st 5a ...- — j— P E Ry 5«..107?llCS T i
C C Wat .V>. — lfcO P A C H Cs. — — '
E L & P Cs.125 — P & O R es-ltfiU —
F & C H Cs. — 116 Powell-st 6s.ll2»l —
Tenry-et 5s.. 43 DO p E G&R 5s. 102 lai
H C&S SU9.ICI — 3F & SJV 0*.ll.-» 11C
H C 4 S k - ICO ]R R of C 6s.ll2»i —
Hon R T Cs.lOrtv. — S P of A C3
LA ITee 5s. tM — ! (IJJCO) _ 10SK
LA Ry E (101C> lOSSilOO'i
LAICo f>9. — — SPofC63
D ogtri fis. — — ; nsostsr A.102U102 :! ;
Do rtfl 5s.lO2iil05'ii (1905)Sr B.1C3 lfti-v:
LAP lem 5*. — 101 I OOP*) lWUlffi
Mkt-et C Cs.liS — ! (1012) .... — *114«'.
Do lcm .Is.112 113 ,SPC leg 5s. — HSU
NRR of C «s — lC7*sil Do stmpd.I08ViK9
Do T.S 114 11B iS P B R 6s. — 1.14
N P C R 5s.lO« 1C» S V W (^..lflSTiilOrtU
N C R 5s.. — 112 { Do 43 2dm. ftO^lOO
N C P C 5».. — l.OVi Do 4» -1dm. 09 —
O G L H 5s.lO7%H>« Stkn G&K «s OS 1C>2«;
O T Co 0S...11S 11!> IT G & E 5s — —
Do os — 110 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 42 42 «;t Port Costa.. —
Marln Co .. 61 — \Sp V W Co. SS% 391,4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. ay, 4*,|SecEGAR— —
Mutual EL.— llii's F C ft E. 6S»j «»U
Oak G L&H. — — S F Gas 3- Z>1
Pac G Iro.. — 5tt ;Stkn G A E. 5 — -
Pac L Co... M^i — lUG.&E.;; —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — C0!-i •
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.S2(» —
BANK S*TOCKS.
Am >'at Bk. — 125 '% P & A. . . . —
Anglo-Cal .. — 35 M«r Trust. ..2r:o —
Bank cf Cal. — 4S0 Merch Ex... —
Cal Safe Dp. — 1«) 3 F Natlonl. —
First Natnl.. — — • /
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S fr L. — — Gav & L So. 90 100
Hum S ft L. — — Sec Sr.v Hk. U.it Soo
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.600 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 (Presidio 3S 40U
Geary — HO |"
POWDER.
Giant — 67h/Vlgorlt — 5
SUGAR.
Kana P Co.. 50c — Kiiauea S C. — »>
Hawaiian C. 43 44'^ Makawfli C. 22 2iy.
Honokaa SC IS ISij Onomea S C. — 33
Hutch S PC 9% 10 jPaauhau S C 15Vi 16
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pck. — 153% Oceanic S C. — 7
Cal Fruit As. 94 95 Pac A F A. 2*1
Cal Wine As. 94 U 94% Pac C Borx.lW' —
x Morning Session. *
Board —
10 American National Bank ; .122 50
50 Contra Costa Water ; . 42 00
SO Honokaa .... 13 23
Afternoon Sessioa.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Association 132 CO
5 California Wine Association.... 94 25'
100 Hutchinson S P Co 9 75
100 Hutchinson S P Co."b CO ft 75
70 Makawell — v.:.rr...v^vr.;.... 22 00
»H Spring Valley -Water Co 39 U>
as Spring Valley Water Co . x» u
- 45 S F Gas * Elect, trustees' cert. 60 00
$1000 Spring Val 6 per cent bonds .106 00
Calif orniaStock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma ....:. 1 40
Apollo 42
Associated Trust Cert... 18 .....
Aztec • 60
California Standard ..... n
Caribou 1 00 l 10
Central Point Con...... C5 .....
Chicago Crude 19 21
Claremont 24
Esperanza . . fs 150 .....
Four , ••*• / -• ¦ C9
Fulton •• 4 00
Giant...... • 20
Hanford 132 00 134 CO ' *.
Home • 1 17^ 1 20 -
Imperial ~- 13 CO
Independence IS ¦ 13.
Junction 16 ...;.
Kern - ....'. - 5 00
Kern River — 13 50
Lion •• OH 04
Monarch of Arizona .....:.. 4fl . 50
Monte Crlsto .•.............'.... 77»a S5
Occldenul of W Va 17 i»
Oil City Petroleum :..;' 27 2$
Peerless : 13 50 .....
i Pittsburg 25
Reed Crude : 41
S F & McKlttrlck.. ......... 2 75
SanJoaquln O A D. ......... 5 73
Senator................ 50 75l
Sovereign :.......... SS -,K>
Sterling 2 75
superior rrrrr:r;T; 06 07 *
Thrlty-three '.. 7 50
Toltec 2rt . 21
Twenty-eight 4 25 .....
West Shorr ....:... 2 90 .....
'Miscellaneous — '
"Abby:Land A Improvement.. 1 40 .,.: .....';
'Alameda Sugar ...;....:.. -iJ7-..i'^^S 29 Ort
American, Biscuit ..... 9500
:;?? Bld.Ask.f Bid.Ask.
in flr coTJn...llimi2V.Us qr new. ..1.tsm3S>^
4s qr reg. ...lllHlia 1 /*' qr coup. . .10ST4 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
FRIDAY. Oct. 30—2 p. .m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
I^oal securit!es were lull on th* morning
»*s?ions. Th*re was mere activity In th» oil
*t«oks than for Mine little time and Home sold
hiprber at f\ 10111 2i»..
In the afternoon Spring Valley Wat»r was
weaker at *.T»«rn3 12!j, th© other stocks show
ing llttle'chanre.-
Open. rfgh. Low. Close.
December ...$r 13% *' li *1 1^?4 $t U
OATS — Continue in fair dsmand at steady
and unchanged ijaotations. Otter-ng-a are am
ple tor all current requirements.
White. $1 lo*ii o^'yj. oiacK. 40(gl 62 '-i;
Red. $1 S3 lor leed and $1 1*5.§ I 35i?tr
*.ctii: Ota>. ?1 'J2}t>&\ 2T|# per c-ti.
CORN— The market continues flat and unln
tertsiinsr. WcsWrn- eacked, $1 32'i for
Yellow. ?1 32 VJ lor w'hiie and $1 HO tor
nilxev]; California laree Yellow, 51 ;ir,fil 40:
fcmail round . do. nominal: White, 51 as^l 40
per ctl. -¦ • ' '
RYE- (1 25&1 30 per ctl.
ht'l'KW Ht 'aT- 5J :i<U- 50 per ctl.
2 p. m. stss'.on
FUTURES.
Session 9 to ll:ao a. m
Decemfctr ...?1 13>{!.
Feed. $1 13%tft l»Hi: Shi|.p.nt,- and Brewing
$1 2t4tl TZV.: CDcvatier. «1 20&1 45 for fair ...v
choice. •
CASH BARLl^V
2 p." m. session.
Dee*mbtr . ..$1 4!*i. -
BARLEY — The exports from this port this*
far this cror» year are about $0,000 tons and
are jaid to be the heav.est evtr known. The
marktt continues steady ami unchanged.
Open. High. Low. Close.
D?cemb;r ...$1 4CH bid. $1 42Ti asked.
May ...$!¦ S0% *1 :\\>% *i :>»¦;» ?l :»»;
FUTURES. .
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
•¦>V CASH \VHEAT..<-W,~
Caiifornia Club. ?1 idEl 4.": California
White AustraKan .*1 CCQ1 5.*»: Northern Club,
fl 4Cgl JSVi;* Norrhern Kluf Ster.i. XI 5C®
1 55; Oreson Valley ?1 4L'C1 4."> per cti.
1
WHEAT — The foreign markets were un
changed. -
Chicago vva* quiet and featurelejs. The fce!
lng was boar!'*!) nn increased receipts in the
Northwest, and bvcaue- the market does not
respond to »trengthi=n.riR iipws. Cables weie
slightly lower. Bradstrrrt's- gave - the Ameri
can exports for the week. Flour included, . at
4,ttf4,tOii bushf Is.
' In this market futures were weak, but the
cash grain was steady/ »•-'*«. - • '.'¦
tVheat and Other Grains.
Pilv»r wan '.jc lo«-er.
Stirling Exchange. €0 days — $t n
t>iernnu Lxchange, tistit ........ — 4 «<5'-j
Stcrlln* F.xch*nee. cables — 4 SO'^j
.sew lurk t.xi lunge, »;ts<v ...... — . <^!^i
New York txchange. teir£iaL>hic. — ¦#.'>
Silver, per o«nc> .*. — 80
Mf xican Dollar* 4« Q 4b%
Exchange and Bullion.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
FOR FRIPAV. OCTOBER 30..
Flour, qr sks 8.4W Hope, bales 155
aheat. qr sks .. 20<i Feed, sks ......' 22'
Barley, qr sk?...«5fi,ft35 Wool, bal-s ; 70
Oat*, qr fV.» 1 "^Alfalfa need, §ks it
Ry*. .kt sk« .... WO Screenings, eks... 2.«25
Corn. East ..... 50O Tallow, ctls 2.V>
Bean*, ska 15,. v^7. Pelts. No «2O
Potatoes, sks .. 6.34S Hides. No .. 243
Onions, sks ISOJRalslns. bx» 1.50O
Bran, sks «KW> Quicksilver, fisks 7R
Middlings, sks 4T5 Leather, rolls .. P7
Har. tops 232 Wine, gals 49.«WO
Gtraw. tons .;.. 15 Sugar, ctls 6CO
OREGON.
Wool, bales . 4. - . ;
Receipts of Produce.
"Frpicht rat* on this meirhaiTTl** is qaiteO
«t f7 2* r»r ton. fh«»l!e1. en5 f« M p»r ten. In
sh'lls."
to 6000 bales is estimated, against 30.000 to 25,
roo bglee produced la yars of plenty. In
f pit*, hpwvcr. of the local d^srth. price* are
ruling low, thanks to abundant crops in Italy
rp»in. from which countries large Importa
tion* *re made- t-y th« FT»cch eipc-rters. whr>.
after shelling and classifying the fruit tho*
received, re-export it. The following prleeg ar
cur<te<3 to m« to-dsy. but I am aivisea th*t the
rrark^t is likely tr underpo a further fall:
"Provencf. fh*11*d. ppt 100 kilos <220 lbE».
$27 tG®2* *>.">; Prtnc»tf. -ur.Fhel!e<1. r-r 100 kiics
£S4 74$.~i« 6n. Berande. shelled, per 100 kilos.
$:,4 fn. Flnt. sh^IKd. per irx> kilo*. $57 »fi; Ar*
t&nde. \.*r 1»» kilos. *15 44; Hard, t=he!lM. pfr
If«U kilas. Jti Sr5.
Report of Victor H. Mc»rg*n. Vic* Consul.
M»r*«ll!**. October 6. 1903: ' Reports from my
cotrespendenu in the almona growing districts
of Provence agree In confirming the tears ex
pressed in the report nl June 6 last. Owing
to the severe late fre*ts this fruit, while good
of Quality, if tftff year v ery scarce in th*
diftrtct mentioned. A tofal yield of from 4000
French 'Almond Croh.
Adam* Con 10 Little Chief (,7
Alice 14 Ontario ......".' 4 50
Breece 10 :<phir 'i 30
Brunswick Con.. 05 Phoenix .... OS
Ccmstock Tunnel 05Vi Potoisi .. """" io
Con Cal & Va..l 00 Savage . i«
Horn Silver 105 Sierra Nevada" " 30
Iron Silver...... 1 75 ~mp.l! Hopes " 15
Leadville Con... 02 Standard .'.'2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— | Westinghse Com. 67
Tall loans 3?3% Mining—
rime Ir«n3 . ....5«iO Adventure 4
Bonds — AIlou.z 4»i
Atchit'jn *¦ ..... 03>4 Amalgamated ..'. 38
Mexican Cent 4s. ti« Daly \Ve«t 37
Railroads — •• Blngham .;] 324
Atchison G6^s Calumet & Hecla. 60'
Atchlson pfd fcd£ Centennial ...... i»3«
Boston & AIbany.248 Copper Range. .. 4cu
Bc*ton & Maine.. 171 Dominica Coal 72
bostcn Elevated. .140% Franklin 714
N Y. N H A H..19SU We Royal*. «2
Fltchburg pM 137 Mohawk ........ 37
t^iion Pacific 71 % Old Dominion.... 10%
Mexican Central.. 9H Osceola so
Miscellaneous — Parrot lSVi
American Sugar. .114^4 Quincy 85
Am Sugar pfd.. .118% Santa Fe Copper. 2
Am Tel & Tel. ..125 Tamarack 00
Dotn Iron is. S...\ 8% Trinity .......... 5>4
Oeneral E3ectrlc.l47 United States 17^-
Mass Electric... 18% Utah .;..-........ 27 "
Mass Elec pfd... 77fe Victor^ ......... 2%
United Fruit..... 04 VN'lwna . . . . . 7%
U S Steel 13 Wolverine ....;.. 63
V S Eteel pfd 58 United Copper..'.. 13%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.M 3-1C NT Central;...'. 122 ?4
Cons for ecct.. .«s 3-n. Norfolk & West.: &H%
Anaconda ....... 3% Nor & West pfd.. 90.
Atchison ........ 68% Ontario & West.. 21-
Atchison pfd..... 93 Pennsylvania .*... 61*i
F»altlmor« &. Ohio ~«% Rand Mines.;.. ".. 9%
Canadian Pacific. 127** Reading ;..-.... ..23 >»
Ches & Ohio MHi lleadlng 1st pfd.. 3»
Chgo G Westn... 15% Reading 2d pfd... .11 '
De Beers .....;.. 20% Southern Ry.. ... 18%
Chgo. M A St P.l«^ Southern Ryi pfd. 77
Denver A R5o Gr. 20 Fouthern Pucltic* 43%
D-& R G pfd.... 70 Union ; Pacific.".'.-. -78%
Erie ...27% Union Pac pfd.:. S7%
Erie 1st: pfd. <W u s.Swl;....-.;; 14
Erie 2d pfd.. ...."60% US Steel pfd:.. 7 601;
V S ref 2e. reg...lO7ij L & N unl 4s 08%
Do coupon 107 Mnhta en gold 48.102^
Do as. reg l&SU, Mexican Cen 4s.. 73
Do coupen 1091.4 Do 1st lnc 14"
Do new 4g, reg.l344|Mina & St L 4s.. 97
Do coupon 135';. M. K & T 4s ifn%
i» old 4s. reg..llliij Do 2tfs 77
Do coupen 111% NO RR Mex en 4S 75=4
Do 5s. res 101 UN Y Cen gen 3^s. &.)*&
Do coapon 1C2V» N J Cen gen 5«..13O^
Atchison gen 4s.. ICO "Vorthtrn Pac 4s.lO2',i
Do adj 4s SH Do 3s 71
Atlantic C L 4s.. 91>* X & XV con 4« 0«* 4
Bait & Ohio 4s..l(»0^ O S L 4s and part 91^
Do 2}4« »t5 Penn conv .-.liiT. . OtlS
G^ntral of Ga taV.UWH RcaJing gen 4e... »<i*Z
_.. 1>o l rt lnc «? StL & IMcon 5s.Hl
Ches & Ohio 44s. 101 >i BtL & R F fg 4» SI »4
Chi & Alton 3Ha: 74 St L SW lstg.... »r.
C« B & Q new 4s. 94 ¦ Soatoard A L 4* (!7t4
C.M A HtPgt-n 4s. llOi; ! Southern Pac 4s' 87«!
C 4- N W con 7s. 132 it-outhern Ry Sg . . . 1 1:; u
C.R I & P RR 4s. 75'* Tax & Pac Ut B ..lJ<jU
C.KI&P RR col 5s 74ii|T. St L & W 4s <»
C.C.C t SL gen 4s 97 (Unlcn Pac 4s 102^
Chi Term 4s 74 Do conv 4s j»eC
Con Tobicco 4s.. .W; 1 !: S Steel 2d 5s... 7iu
Cort) & South 4s. W^iiWabash lsts. ....m£
Den & Rio G 4s. 03V, Do deb B.. SOU
Erie prior, lien 4s. PS>- 4 Wheel & L E 4s. 90
? e " 4s W** I Wisconsin Cen 4s. 69%
Ft .W & DC lsta.107 Colorado Fuel nil
Hocking Va! 4'.»s.lOC? )l i 3
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
NEW YORK BONDS.
D-l Lack & West ..'Vr.. 237
Denver & Ria Gr. 4P0 15>H 19H 10H
Den «.- P.lo Or pM 6S
Erie SV.7TV) 27i* 27 27
EH* in pM 800 66\ 6«H «CV>
I Erie 24 pfd 300 «9 49 4S*«
i .Great Northern pfd .... I6o
\ Hocking Valley ... i\\
i Hock Valley pfd M
; Illinois Central . . 700 131 130V, ISO 1 *
Iowa Central ism
j Towa Ontral pfd :... :(4
K C Southern is tj
K C Southern p?<5 3A/,
Loul^v & Nashv... 5<iA 100^ ICO ' 100
Manhattan L . 5.2t*i -t3S>« ISA 185^
M« Ftr»et Rr 1.70-> llfiu, ' Vn l'«3«n
Minn ft St Louis'. . xno 40'] 45 ' 4«
Missouri Pacific . . 7,500 01 'j •J<>V% :to-i.
Mis Kans * Texas ...\. . .. . l<;-j
M K «- T pM.. .. . ' 20") 35i, 3V* 33>«
Nat R R Mex pfd. . y^
N T Central 6">y lie 118U 1 V*
Norfolk & Western 1«K» 5«J>-. 5^'.\. .V,V,
Nor * West pfd .... ... *5
Ontario & Western 500 20% 2» l % r > 1^
Penntj-jvanja . 17.<i00 nns.. ivti. m-H
P C C A St Louis P9
Reading 4,000 45W 44% 44 T i
Reading In pfd 7<j
Reading 2d rfd <;i>
Rock Island Co 3,2<X> 25», 24', 24H
Rofk Inland Co pfd 7 C8'^
St Li * San Fran v>
St L *¦ P F 1st pM ..... (J5
St I. 4 S F M pfd 45''
Bt Louis S W is
BtLdclsSWpfd ' 3d\
*=t Paul 4<» 13S*4 13SU 13S»*
St Paul rid 172
8outh*rn Pa^lflr .. 4.1(>» *2^ 41% tl J »
Pfuth*rn Railway . 1. <>¦•.) ltd, 171,, \i .¦„
Southern Ry p:d.. Ri>» 7**j 7»<i 7J r C
Tex«s & Pa-in>... W) 21< 23'. 23\\
Tel ft L i- . J7
T P t L A- W pfd '•;¦ \ si %
ITnion Pacific ll,7rtt 71 -^ 71 s^ 7 j^^
Ur.ior. Pacific t>fd/. Doa hH t-5' s s;,i,
Waha^h 4r«> i:>\ n»i, m
I WabaFh pfd 4.7(>> H-i^t, 32% .«!'.
Wlif.-l & Lake E .... ..." n£
Wisconsin <"entrai. lua I6i« 16' 8 Itf "
WtacoBaia <>!i pl'i yi 1 ¦
RxpreffB Corai»antes —
A'?an-.5 22:'.
Amcriran ' * '_[ \s,^
l"nitffS Rates i(.ij
! WVlls-Frago .' »otj
M!sce!lancou? —
Anr-algam Coi>p"r . . JO.StV) SS^i :>7 T » S8
Am <.»r & Foun.i.. l.Kmi ]«- 8 jl'l, it»»j
Am car & F p:<i.. U4> tn o»; e«
Am LfnseeJ Oil 91;
.An: Lin Oil pfd 25'
Am Ix>«v)inotive ... 8(>) 1314 13 i.{»i,
Am Ljccmotive-ri'd ..."." ' -"76"*
Am Smelt & Hc-f... 400 45 t<, 42^ 5 4:1
Am tStnclt 6. K p.'<3. KKt 87^ S7¥« 8G'a
Am Sus-ar Refining l,(n»0 114*» 114^i 114S
Anaconda M!n Co &1
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 5.UC0 ' 35'4 31% 35
Colo Kuel & Iron.. 100 31 31 X0>4
Colussbue & H Coal oo»i
ConBolidated Ga«.. 2C0 175% 173 173'
General Electric .. 100 14$',i 11$^ 14«
Internal Paper n
Internat Paper p.'d 100 01 «1 no
Internet Pump SI ¦
InterTiat Pump pfd ¦ B5
XEtionnl Clscuit 35
National Leid 100 l.'i^ 12*i 12-i
North American . . 74 '
Pacific Mill 200 20»i '_'0',i 20*
People's Gas 2C0 04 !>t 84
Progyed Steel Car.. 1.900 28 27'i 27>i
Preyed S Car pfd. 10W «S% Os'-i ?»
Pullman Pal Car .'. 215
Republic Steel 200 7*4 '.% 7Vi
Republic Steel pfd. 5.000 62 7*iu t 51 %
Rubber Goods 1<X) 14'.i 14ii ]*'i
Rubber Cools pfd C8 ¦-.'
Tenn foal & Iron.. l.SO) 29 28*4 2S%
V S l^eathir 2,S0i| 714 714 7%
V P Leather pfd... 200 77 l i 70% 7«i;
V £ Rubber '. »
U K Rvtber r>fd 35
L" S Sttl R.10O 13«4 1.:^ 1314
IT a Stfel p.'d 22.500 59 '.4 5-S»4 5fi%
Western I'nlon 200 83 - -*2?i K°%
Northern Securities $7%
Total Fa!e s ...l«3.800
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YOP.K. Oct. 00. — Bond transactions of
the United Hal'.rcads of San Francisco: 10 CCO
at 77.
The following quotations are, for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In. San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8<39c: Cows and Heifers.
7@Sc: thin Cows. 4©3c oer pound.
CALVES — itM'ic per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3»4©3?4c; Ewes. 3©3\ie
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS— *2 75«3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hors. 150 to 250 lbs, DUc:
under 150 lbs. 5%C5Hc; sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars 50 per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotation*.
. BEEF — 6@7c fcr Steers and 5$6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. C&7c; small. 8©9c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%$8c: Ewes. 7©7^o
per pound.*
LAMB — 9®10c per pound.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7*600c per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
All descriptions remain as . before quoted.
Puppll»s are sufficient for the needs of butchera
and packers.
¦ J .._ DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
- CHICAGO. Oct. 3t>. — CATTLE — Receipts,
8500; Western, Flow; good to prime steers,
$5 2fVg5 65: poor lo- medium, $3 40<S4 "0;
stockers and feeders. ?2 25 g- 4 20; cows, ?1 231?
4 25; heifers. ?2f5: canners. fl 23^2 "40; bulls.
$2^4 20; calve?. *2*f6 75; Texas fed sts-r?,
?2 75@3 5rt; Western ste»rs, *3@4 CO.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 21,r*Ht; to-monn-v,
10.C00: slow and 10c lower; mixed and butch
ers. ?4 f>5«?5 3.">; good to choice heavy, H' p.-vgi
1 5 25; rough heavy. $* 60JJ4 HO; light, ?# OCJJ)
5 25; bvlk of sales, S4 0O<§5 20.
i . SHEEP— Receipts. POOrt; sheep, steady;
- lambs, steady; rood to choice wethar/t,
?3.1j3 05; fair to choice mixed, $2-t?3: Western
Fheep, ?2 2.'.'p3 V); native lambs, $4 25#.*> to;
. Western lambs. *3 r.0^5 23.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 30.— Wool, steady: mMium
' (trades combine. 174/21 4c; light fln<", 15^
i 17 ijc: heavy fine, 12f714Hc; tub washed, 2<»;i
! 30c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON".
- PORTLAND. Oct. .10— WHEAT— Walla Wai
! la. 7.V; Wupftem. 7Cr; Valley, 7?c.
I WASHIKQTOKJ
j TACOMA, Oct. 30.— WHEAT — Unchanged;
I.BIuestem. 8Cc.
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 30.— Spot tin declined lCs
to £11$ 15s In the London market, ami futures
were 12s Cd lower at £118 12g 6d. The local
market was also lower. . closing easy • at
$25 S2^@25 $7«'j.
Copper wa9 unchanefd in LondQn at £59 5s
for spot and £58 15s for futures. Locally the
market was quiet, but firm. • Lake. 514; elec
trolytic.$13 7. r . and casting $13 50.
Lead closed unchanged at $4 50 in the local
market, and was Is 3d higher in London, clos
ing at £11 Fs.
Spelter advanced 7s 6d to £21 2s 6d in Lon
don and remained steady here at *0 12%-
Iron Coped at 4S« -10d in Glasgow and at
42s lO^ad In Mlddl«>sboro." Locally Iron was
quiet. No. 1 foundry Northern. $15 GC@16; No.
2 foundry Northern. 514 75@16 25: No. 1 foun
dry Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern soft,
$14 r^@14 T.V
Nezv York Metal Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 30.— The wheat pit witnflined
a repetition of yesterday's trading, or rather
lack of trading, the •market being extremely
dull T/ith prices Inclined to weakness. ¦ Kcwa
from all sources was bearish to begin with,
much needed rains being reported in the West
and the Australian crop being estimated at an
excess of 12.000,000 bushels, or the largest on
record. The feature of trading was the cell
ing of over l.OOO.OOO bushels of May by a
prominent concern, and It was this selling that
was largely responsible for the weak undertora
which prevailed the greater part of the session.
The St. Louis market showed a good advance
late in the session and caused a better dcmanl
here which resulted In a little firmer tone.
After ranging between "d%c and 80%c. De
cember closed a shade bieher at 80%c.
Corn was very dull. The close .was steady,
with December- a shade higher at 43vg@44c. ..-¦¦
Trading In Oats was small. December closed
XQ%o lower at 35% #35^c.
Provisions were Irregular early, but : an Im
proved hog market, late In the day caused a
steady close. Pork closed unchanged, lard a
shade 3oT7er and ribn 7&o down. :
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 30.— The cotton market
opened steady at an advance 'of one point to
a decline of five points and closed barely
•tcady, 5©11 points higher. '-
New York Cotton Market.
APP-ICOTS — Remain firm with, choice qurt»rl
at OU^O'i-c: extra choice, 5 'ic; fancy, 11"?
12«4c
PEACRFS — Are. fn f?!r rcauest and rile
steady at 7(S7*ic for choice. 7-}|j38Uc for ex
tra choice and O^iSJlO'.ic for fancy.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market cor.
tinurs firm en lriht offerings and a fair de
mand, with some sales reported at =!!<< »t!v
ebove quotatlor^. Common. 4@3>4c; prim* 1 ,
ov4«?0c; choice. 6%@6%c; fancy. 7c.
PRUNES— Reported a little activity ar<l
prices remain about steady at from 3»jc to 7a
for all trades.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 30.— FLOUR— Export*,
9763 barrels; dull.
WHEAT—Receipts. 43.300 bushels; expTi*.
31.2S4 bushels; sf.ot, steady; No. 2 rsJ. SfMic
elevator and 87 Vic f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 North
ern Dulath. 81 %c f. o. b. afloat: No. I harl
Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options
ruled dull all day, closing steady at \ic net
decline. May. 8:iy»c; December, S2?ic.
HOPS — Steady. .:- ; «
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
SUGAR — Raw. steady; refined, quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm: No. 7 Invoice. .fie:
mild, steady: Cordova. 7',i©12c Futures
clos*-d strong, 10® 12 points hi?h?r. £a2»>.
1C7.000 bags, including: November, 'iAuTt,
5.45c: December, ,5.55S3.C5c: January. 3.U0I3)
5.75c; February. 3.S0c: March. u.SOgS.JKk;
May, 6#0.10c; September. C.20g:6.30c.
A'rtc York Graitr and Produce.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Oct. 30.— The following table,
compiled by BradBtreet. shows the bank clear
ings- at the principal cities for the week ended
October 29, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared with, the corresponding
week last year:
¦Percentage*.
CltN-s — Amounts. Inc. Dec.
•New York.. $1,100,225,082 .... 21.5
•Chicago 177.0S4.078 9.3
•Boston 177.676. 7«1 7.1
•Philadelphia IOS.906,225 3.6 ....
•St. LOuls ....... 4$.524.ni3 .2.8 ....
I Pittsburg 43.e7O.2tt2 5.»
•San Francisco... 2!».957.434 6.6 ....
•Baltimore 2O.S>5«.f>SO ; 6.1
Cincinnati 20.230, *60 0.2 ....
•Kansas City 28.277.1R5 13.3 ....
Cleveland 14.0S7.313 .... 0.9
•Minneapolis 20.6S4.P51 1S.S
•New OTleans 18.340.1S5 34.1 ....
; Detroit .......... 9.470,6*4 0.7
, •Louisville. ... tt.230.O41 .... 0.5
Omaha :. . 7.931.715 12.9 ....
•Milwaukee- . 7.497. 4«fl 10.1
I •Providence ;.."U. 6.M3.I00 .... 3.G
•Buffalo ..:. 6.227.915 ". 10.7
•St. Paul 7.5«5".454 10.7
Indianapolis ..... &.137.452 ~ . 11.4
Los Angel** 5,454,513 29.5 • \...
•St. Joseph 4.I16.O38 .... 7.S
Denver 4.618.9S2 .... 6.9
Richmond ........ 3.«03,591 2.2 .;..
Columbus ........ 4.52JU00 10.3- ....
Seattle 4.(53S.S25 4.0 . .i..
Washington 3.874.764 7.2 ....
•Savannah «.741.417 54.8 ....
U'-rr.vh'.f 5,345.372* 3.4 \...
Albany . S.450.5.V* 5.4 ....
: Salt Lake City... 3,O0«Ufl5 11.5 ....
•Portland. Or 8.634.703 4.4
'•Toledo..... 3.252,923' 3.7
Fort Worth 4.934.15.1 75. B ....
Peoria 2.S32.7AS O.tS
Hartford 2.<^2.<W5 52
Rocherter 2.055.312 1.0
Atian'a ' 3.302.fiVW 14.9
Dps Moines ...... 2,2^.52^ 22.0 .:..
Kfw toven 1,471,355 10.6
N»Fhvlllr 2.1W.310 ...... 32.2
Spokane. Wash... 2.462.SJW l«-4
Grand Rapid*..... 1.7fl7.2S« 13. S
Sioux City l.3«tf».sni . '. U.2
EprinsaeM. Mass. 1. 201.140 _ S.I
Norfoik 1.R7»5.072 1-1.2
imvton 1.C47.034 4.3 .,,
Tacoma 2.1R0.«20f 5.4 ....
Worc«ter .Ll».fifl8 23.7
AugUfta. Gt .- l,!m,.W> fi.l
Portland. Me .1.O5M21 0.1 ....
Pcranton 1.004.312 *».l
Topeka ¦I.M'.etVt 5.5
Svracure l.llfl.fil.-? 0.4
Evansvilie 1.120.045 . 0.5
Wilmington. -D*l.. 1. 123.537 0.4
Birmingham 1,227.334 .... 13. U
Pavenport MXM73 6.H ....
Fall River 700.35S 21.7
Little Rock |.ir,».fXV> .... 8.0
Knoxrille I.12S.M1 M.R
Mac™ nnt.ono \*.H'
Wllkesbaire 914.7C0 51.1
Akron ».. 7»4.sO-» gfi.«»
Pprin^field. 111... 7-15.835 23.5
Wheeling. W. Va. JfiS.674 6.6
Wichita 8U.5«6 1.7
Toune»>tov.n 785.47^ ."0.4 - ....
Helena fi33.!>41 «.9
I^xinctnn 5 1 0,fi32 n **
i "hatt^nooga ..... fO6.~*!« 23.0
I,0\v»H 4OS.0<« 1.7
New Ueiford M4.WA l.a
Kn!am»7.oo f27.l«» 13.4
Fnrgo; K D..... T07..V7 13.1
rantoti; <> .*Mit.<x>o si. j
Jacl:j"-tiv!lle. Fla. B*7.K$2 123.0
Or-ensburg. Pa... 372.1-Vl 23.4
n«x-kf«-rd. II! 4Ort.<*3 3.6
SprlPgn*l«l. O 359.7« 1«.2
Binghamtcn S.'.S.Kf-O 6.2 ....
Chester, Pa 374,924 5.6 i
Bloomingtnn. 111.. 331.B47 14.0 •
Quincy, Hi 410.1W) 83.5
Wr.ux Kali!". S". 1). S2S.C«4 ¦ .. .. !
Mar^firid. 0 22!».07ri I
Jaoksnr.ville. 111.. 2:{3.:W 44.7 I
Fremont. Nebr... lR5.«2t! S.4 ......
IJpCfttur. Ill ?W».O1S 25.6 .... ;
•••Houston JM.T7C.7fi5 j
***Caiveston 12.140.000 :i2.4 ....j
Guthrie CO1.V47 '
Charleston 1,!1C.1O« ;
Totals. V. S....$1.9?7.a o .»,0T3 .... - 12.0 j
Outside N. Y... S20.St-8.083 4.5 i
CANADA. ' ;
Montreal *21. 072,173 2.1 .... !
Toronto H.SJr»,C»S _ lfi.l
Winnipeg c.:K".S.:{<:o - " 41.0 ....
Halifax 1.650.315 0.4 ....
Ottawa 1.814.S3.J 4.S I
Vancouver. D. C. l.."98.C3J 42.2 •
Quebec 1.54S,0:« 11.2 .... :
Hamilton 1.OM.34I 23.1- '
St. .Tchn, N. B... 1.124.S«:> 4S.a
Victoria, B. C R0O.74-*! i«. 9 i
••London 7tS*,«32S S.O I
Totals, Canada.. $52,325,717 12.7
•Baiar.cts raid in ca<=h. •••Not included !n
totals because containlr.2 ot?ier items than
clearings.
Wheat — - Dec.
Opening •• 6 5%
Closing 6 6%
V ' PARIS. *
Wheat— r Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening •..;.. .20 75 20 90
Closing 20 70 20 90
Openng 32 40 28 45
Closing .32 45 28 40-
Small day's business in Wall-street stocks. t - j[
More atcivity in local Oil stocks.
Silver declined y 2 c. Exchange about as before.
Cash Wheat steady and futures zveak.
Foreign shipments of Barley from this port very heavy.
Oais steady, Corn neglected and Rye quiet.
Hay quoted higher tinder lighter receipts.
Bran and Middlings steady at previous prices.
Beans still depressed by excessive arrivals.
Butter and Cheese about as before. Eggs very iveak.
French Almond crop reported quite short.
Provisions apathetic and easy everywhere.
No change in Cattle, Sheep and Hogs..
Cranberries selling at higher prices.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables featureless.
Good Poultry and Game in* better tone.
Fresh Fruit in slack local and shipping demand.
Rocky Mountain Coal advances $3 per ton.
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bar silver, dull. 27 ll-16d per ounce. Money,
3^@4% per cent. The rate of discount In the
o[«i market for short bills Is S\ ®3% per
c«nt, and for three months' bills 3«i@3% per
cent.
Illinois Central... n&mwabasa 20
Loul<vl & Nn«l»..103to Watash Dfd ..;.. 34
Mo. Kans & Tex. 17%
American District Tel ..... .....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp
California- Cotton Mills 88 00
California Jockey Club 1C5 00
California Shipping Co.. 25 CO
Cal Title Ina and Trust 130 00 HO 00
Central Bank of Oakland 60 00
Chutes Company 7 5f> ...,r.'
Cypresj Lawn. Imp Co « SO 7 25
Fischer's Theater 2 00 2 5O
Gas Consumers' Association 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 14 50 .....
Northern Cal Power SCO
North Shore Railroad 6 CO
Orpheum Company 15 23 1« 23
Pacific States Tel & Tol 115 CO
ParafCne Paint 33 CO .....
San Francisco Drydock 47 00 .....
Sanitary Reduction Works... 2 5O
Sausalito Land & Ferry Iti 00
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 frt
Standard Electric ' 1H CO
Tesla Coal Co 30 01)
Truckee Electric 1.1 23
Union Sugar 22 5rt
United Gas & Electric 34 50
OFFICIAL SALES
Morning Session.
2CO Monte Crlsto «0
10O Sfrlln? 2 7S
100 Sterling, b 30 2 m
2000 Independence IS
tno Alma 1 1 •"..»
ICO Home 1 J ft
son Home 1 IS
ifiO Home, s 30 1 15
WHcme 1 '7"-i
«00 Home • 1 20
100 Oil City Petroleum 27
20O Apollo *•"*
130 North Shore « Ort
10O Home 105
Afternoon Session.
, Board —
200 Sovereign . ss
200 Oil City Petroleum 2«
SCO Home * $*;
1fO Home, b SO ] \'i l j
50O Esperanza 1 50
Mining Stocks.
FAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yes
terday :
Mornlnr Session.
60O Alpha C«| 4W> Hale fc Nor . 53
ICO Best A B ...120 50O Julia «S
SCO Caledonia S7 10O Mexican 9O
5CO Chal Con .... 23| 100 Occidental ... 20
12C0 Chollar 17 400 PotoaJ k 1*
40ft C C & Va ...1 1»> 10O Savage 2«
170O Con N Y ... 05 10«> Sierra Nev . . ««
20O Crown P 13.1C0O ITtah ) 5
200 Gould & C .. 2^i 20O Yellow J . . ¦ 5«
Afternoon Session.
ICO Belcher !»• 400 Gould AC.. 21
SCO Caledonia ... On'. MO Julia \... r*
5f>0 CaledonU ... 92: \m Mexican 32
-no^ Caledonia ... OS 1 200 Overman 21 1
SCO Chollar 1*; 6CO Sierra Nev .. SS
ICO Crown P — I«i ICO Union Con .. 5'J
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornlrtr Session.
200 Andes • 19 lOOOphir 1 42'i
2<X) Andes 19 SCO Overman 2<>
200 Bullion ...... Cdj 800 Savag* 2t*
ICO C C & Va. ..1 10' JOO Union Con .. .ti
5»JO Gould & C .. 23 300 Union Con ... 5.".
300 Kentuck Oil 300 Yellow J 37
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes 191 3CO Seg Belcher... US
100 Caledonia .... »3 2CO Sierra Nev .. M
200 Chollar 1* 200 Sierra Nev .. 4<L.
1 200 Chollar 10 SCO Union Con .. o2
! 30O C C* Va -.1 15 SCO Union Con .. 53
50O Gould &. C .. 24 2C«> Utah 1R
5«sO Mexican -03 20O Yellow J sa
20O Overman .... 22 3CO Yellow J .... 4O ,
SCO Overman 24 200 Yellaw J ...:"43
WO Savage 22
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the salea on the San
Francisco and Tcnopah Mining Exchange yes
terday :
Mornhi" Session.
10.000 Esperanza . 02", SCO T North Star XI
I 300 MaoNamara . 13 50O T North Star 3*
I 100 Mont Ton.... »0;
.. Afternoon Sesalon.
300 T Midway... 37
Eggs are quoted lower this week. The pre
vious high prices of fancy ranch checked th*
demand and they have been accumulating
steadily since U*t week. Eastern and com
mon California^ are lower In sympathy with
ranch. Butter and Cheese are unchanged.
Me4ts and Fish are In enod supply and are
selltng at the familiar quotations. Game is
plentiful and prices are more reasonable than
they were last week. Poultry is still selltng
at the long established prices.
Fruits and Vegetable* are abundant and
stand atom the s&me as quoted last w««k.
Peaches have disappeared and are dropped
from tb list.
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington .$ — CIO OOlXew
Seattle .....$— «8 50 Wellington f— «W CO
Reslyn $— ® tt 00 Coos Bay ..$— « T 50
Richmond . ..$ — @ 9 50 Greta f—O 9 00
DAXRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice, sq.55>gt>5 Common Eggs...35#tO
Do good 4<X<1.". Ranch E?s?s 50@55
Do packed, Ib. — CGO Eastern Egga.: •• — 63»>
Cheese/ CaJ ...,15«ti» Honey, comb, per
Cheese. Eastern. 20tf»23 pound — t*2n
Cheese. Swiss... 25^33 Do extracted.. 8©10
MEATS. PER POUND—
Bacon l#32SiPork Sausage. .12 mil 5
Hams l»MilS!Smoked Bee! — ©20
Lard 12H3— I
The San Francisco Butchers* Protective As
sociation gires ths following retail prlc«» for
meats:
Roast Beef ' 10«2CiHtndqrtr Lamb..lS«20
Tenderloin Steak.l5#lS Foreqtr Mutton.. SS10
Porterhse. dol7«*»t Leg Mutton ...12H©15
Sirloin Steak.. 12US1?. Mutton Chop*.. 12% ©13
Round Steak ..10®12Vi Mutton Stew S310
Beef Stew ..... — 010 Roast Veal 12J&2O
Ctorned Beef 8010 V«al Cutlets !»#•»
fc'oup Bones 4@— Veal Stew 124^13
Soup Meat 6®lf Roast ?ork . . .12U*»' ••
Lamb Chop* — w.'i Pork Chops .... 15®1S
Foreqtr L&mb. 12^815
POULTRY AND GAME —
Hens, each 50«75 Har->. each — ©20
Young Roosters. Wild Doves, £2. .SI 50
each 6O@7!V! English Snipe. d».$4 50
Old Roosters, ea. 5008? I Jack Snipe. doi..$2iO
Fryers, each ...50^€0 3ray Gees». each—^40
Broilers, each ..40950 White Geese. e».13#25
Turkeys, per lb..23@2S Brant, each — #23
Ducks, each 75c©$l|Teal Ducks, ea. .— <3*>
Geese, each ft TSlMallarrl Dueka.ea'*5i3TS
Goslings $2 OOiVfldsr'n Ducks,«a. — ©•*•>
Pigeons, pair ... — C-'WiSprlg Ducks. «a. — ©tV>
Squabs, per pair. — ©W) Small Ducks, em. — ©25
Rabbits, each 20@25 Canvattaeks. ea.— ®9O
FRUITS AND NUTS— ,
Alligtr Pears, ea.25^35 Lemons. do» ....154J25
Almonds 15^20 Nutn-.es MeU ea. !Q19
Apples 3S5 Oranges, doa 2S7»3f>
Cantaloupes 1O&15 Persimmcns, 1* — 9 S
Cranberries, qt.. — ©15 Plums, lb 83 S
P*cam — ©20 Pomegranate*. ea2Vsf^
BrazU Nuts ... .20<§— Pears, per 15. ..5© %
Bananas. dos....25«JS0 Pineapples. ea...25-S.V>
Chestnuts 15^20 Quinces. IS 33 5
Cocoanuts. each..— #1O( Raisins, per Ib.. 6«1»
Dried Flis. or Ib — filOSRaspberries. dr. .40®«0
Fresh Figs. lb... — fl* Strawberries. p«r
Grapes, perib... Sfi $! drawer ...... .2P'JT.'i
Orape- Fruit. d3t.7,V/»st| Walnuts, per It>..15»i2«>
Huckleberries.lb 10^13 Watermelons. e«ulOg25
Limes, dos 10^15(
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes. doz..40<@50!Onlon9. per Ib. . Iff 3
Beets, dozen ... -.109— Okra. green. lt>..10-gn
Beans, white. J>>. 5® — Okra. dried, lb. . — <§23
Colored, per !t> Zfl - Potato**, lb ....1HW-*
Dried Lima. lb. . fi<?3 8 Parsnips, per dz.!5«2O
Cabbage, each. .. f fi.JO Kadishes.-dz DCh»!5.iJ2t>
Celery, head .. .. .iffJOlSage. dx buaches25«—
Cress, da bunch. )5<a~i String Beajis. lb. 4Q «
Cucumbers, d».. 10^20 Summer Squaah.
Garlic 5'd «! per Il> 39 5
Green Corn. do«. — C 10 Sprouts, per Ib.. 69 6
Green Peppers, lb X*t 3 6plaacr.. per lb.— Q S
I>ricd Peppers. . !(*WZ& Sweet Potatee*.
Egg Plant 5-9 6; per lb 232H
Green Peas. lb... W& Sjrhyme.dz bncha.IT^S©
Lettuce, per dos.l&S20lTurnlt». per dz.. — !»t.*
Leeks.ds bunehs.l?«?2P!Toraato«B, lb.... 29 3
Lima Beans, lb. 6® 8
FISH—
Barracouta — i^lSiSea Bass — HIS
Carp lCVgl^V-l Smelts — »13
Catfish — *£12U|Soles 10Q121*
Codfl«h — ©t^ij;Skates. each lOfilS
Flounders 10® — [Squid — «—
Halibut IMp — Tomcod I2v a^ —
Herring — O — iTurbot 2CC —
Mackerel — 6— (Trout Salmon... — jg.Kl
Do hcrse 15®--lTrout — 849
Rockfish — ei'-J'if Brook Trout .... — ©it*
Salmon, fresh. .12^i'915|Whlteflsh 1C&—
Do smoked Iju:' Claras, gallon . .60Q —
Sardines \0ie — Do hardshell. lb fvttin
Shrimps — «I10 Crawfish, lb.. .12^313
Shad 10ft — Crabe, each .... — ij> —
Striped Bass ... 15-520 Mussels, quart.— «12H
Perch 10«— Oysters. Cal. 100.40iSJO
Pomplno — ©75 Do Eastern,dz.3C3J9
Hockcod —915
FAMIL Y RETAIL MARKET^
KAISINS— F. 0. b. prices. Frfsno. for 190;:
crop: . Trtl-lb boxes — I.oose Muscatel. 2-#rown,
TiVic p«r lb: :>-crown, 5%c; 4-crown, BVic; Seed
less Muscatels. 4%c: do flo&tod, 4>/4c: un
bleached Sultcnaa. 41~c; Thompson's Seedless.
5Vjc. London Layers — i-crotvn, $1 25: 3-cfown,
$1 S5; 4-crown cluster*. J'-J; 3-crown Deh'.sif.
$2 50; 0-crown Imperials, $:>; Malaga Loose, 2
crown. &c osr !b; do u-crown, ¦ 5-%c; Valencia
Cured. 4»4c: Pacific do. $%c: Oriental do. 2%c.
Seeded Raisins — l(J-oa; packages, fancy. 8c per
lb: choie*. 7Tic; 12-oz. packages, tancy, '«*tc:
choice. e%c; in bulk, tancy, ~fic: choice. 7%c.
NUTS — Walnuts. -No. 1 sofuhell, laVac; No.
2. ll^c:".No. 1 hardshell, 13c; No. 2, lie;
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils, 10'ic for I X L,
lut4c for Xe Pius Ultras and S'Jie for Langu«
duc; Peanuts. U!t(7c for Kaslern; Pecans, 11®
13c; Cocoanuts, 44 5O'i?5; California Chestnuts,
li-ft 15o p«r lb. ¦'¦¦/.
HONEV — Comb, new, 12©14c for white and
D&llc for amber: new water white extracted.
&Va@Oc; light amber extracted, 4!-i'gTi',ic; dark.
BfeESWAX— 27®29c.
A report of the Almond crop of France by
the United States Consul at Marseilles appears
in the first column.
buOlT— Ai-intoi!-, ~ 76S<&c for Royals and
'.^ilOo tor Mooriiarks: Evaporated Apples, 4'/a
«j5^ic: sun-dried. :t»,t04c: rtachss, 4V4e«Wc:
I'ears $tf?l<ie; Nectarines.- 4«j 5 Vi <-' : fles, white,
¦jfc-lfto in boxes: black. 4V4<- - . Plums, pitted.
Ci«8c per lb. '
PRUNES — 190.5 crop. 2^.«J3c for the four
s!z£5.
Dried Fmits,Nuts, Raisins, H'onev
CRANBERRIES — Cape '. Cod, to arrive.
$11 2r>: Jfrneys. snot. $10 CO- per bbl: C003
Bay. *$:! CO©:) per box. r
Ai'i i-V-t. — lit.tiu^i ... per box for fancy, 50ff?
ST.c 'fr ."'fd t" "h r tce !»"'l °"ifj'40c for common.
PEAP.S— BartJetts, $1 25; winter varle
iit*.*'-ii^u >i'f "vv-i iw ur Loxtn.ju and .->. j.
SI 25 for Vit.ter Xelli«.
Ot'IVCVF — »f*ftt<r r*>- bcs.
FIGS — fOc©$l rer box.
POMEGRANATES — t:O42S5c for small boxes
ai.a $-%«- SO .«r iarg*. :
PKKS1MMOXS — Odc(ti'$l ptr box or crate.
J''1,1*?IP ("**'* '*t» rc-O. iVi-fltiiV t>er box.
GKAPHS— Sri^iCc for small boxes, 40CU5c
loi cr^te* Ar<i : 5 ati,e open tkuteti;
Wine Grapes. $12C18 p*r ten.
MELON P — Caii:« ''•"•'»'•. ."ec^JSl per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. i)0@S^c per box.
v_i i'i«C> fi.tlTc--om.ikts. *£ S0C2 7S for
lanty ValencSas. $"w2 25 for choice and $l-J
1 Ou for standard: I*mons. tlS'-i 30 per bus;
firope vniit. ":*1 ¦&& "•'••*: Mfsi"an Liw<-s. **-f
4 CO; Bananas. $1 5C@2.i per bunch fcr Ha
waiian anil $2©2 f-0 for Central American;
Pineapples. $-'@a 50 per dozen.
HrfKI-KIiKHRlF! 5 — s< S0c rer Ib.
Trro rsrs of Jersey Cranberries are in. soli
ing at $lft 50 rwr .barrel. Cap* Co4 are sell
ing to arrive at $11 25. Receipts of tnest de
scriptions of fruits, while light, were more
than sufficient for requirements.- as the de
mand wss clack bt>th for local u?e and ship
ping account. Wintfr Xellis and Bsrtleft
Pears wer» offerinc freely, but moved slowly,
us ,th« offerings were generally small. Tah'e
Grapes In crates ¦were raster owing to the lark
of demand for: shipping, and prices rans^l
lov.-er. The top quotation ira» obtain^ only
for th«. Isa1v?ll« variety, l.arf open boxes
from Martin<-r arrlvcl. rathf-r' lat» an«J a con
siderable portion . of the re"fiDts had to be
carried over. Receipts of Wine Orapes w*>r*
llclit and consisted almost entirely of poor
stock. Tb» msrket was v*ry quiet, with p'lc«»#
largely nominal. Apples and CJuinc«>8 were
plentiful and quiet, wrhile Persimmons ' and
Pomegranates *v*>r«> in fair request and steady.
Melons wrro offering freely, but attracted very
tittle attention, and dealer* we re roakirs con
rf^nlons In order to effect salfa. The usual
quantity of Strawberries and Raspberries was
rrreivrd and choice lota rold- off w«>ll to tin
rpRular tr^de. The canner? were not buying
Strawberries* and unaatrnctivc offerintrs wen
sold to peddlprs at -the minimum quotation.
New crop Orange* «nrt Grap» Fruit wer« of
ferinx freely, but moved slowly. - old J crop of
ferinFc being preferred. Bananas sold well
am! »otne extra largr .bunchts commanded a
premium over the quotations;
fiTRAWHErtniES— Longworth?. r-tZSW. per
chest: large berrie?, $l!R0 for Mallndas and
?:i#3 for the "other varieties.
HASPiiKP.HIKW — »;;.t.»»i; cer rhest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
\ ' _____ :
The Egrg market is about as vague as th»
Butter market. The quotations below repre
sent the bulk of the- business, though som«
dealers reported that they were getting mow
in a small. way.- Receipts are not large, but
buyers continue to hold off and stocks are In
creasing
There is no change whatever in Che*s*.
Receipts were 5S.lOf» lbs Butter. 541 cases
Eggs and 24.80<"» lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 2»330c for extras and
2«<3'27%c for second*; dairy. 2t«S2.V: store But
ter 17H*i19<n cold storage, 24£26c; Eastern
2>'525c per tb.
CHKESE— 12%<! for the central market. ir>S
13%c for select mild new and Jl^?12c for lower
gradfs: Younff Ameriras. I3iifil4c; Eastern.
15»iivlf.t4c: Western, lt^floc per lb.
EGGS-^-Raneh, 40ijj42<3c; store, nominal:
cold storage.. 27H*j30c; Eastern. 2S®30c for
fr;th and 25«30o for cold storage.
. Accurate quotations for Butter are • difficult
fo give at - present. ; as dealers are widely at
variance in their reports owing to the uneven
distribution of : stocks. The heavy receivers
are quoting a weak and quiet market at 29c
for the best creamery, while those who are
carrying small stocks are firm at 30c and even
quote 31c for special brands; Under these con
ditions It is largely, a case of averaging up
the quotations. Those below.com* about as
near to the > general -market as possible. The
receipts were quit* large again yesterday, as
will be eecn..
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
, Another car of Western Poultry was on sale,
making the fifth for the current week. The
market for local stock has • a. better tone, as
the recent arrivals of Western are rather poor
and ' Include very little small stock, which Is
In demand at present. Yesterday'*" receipts of
young Turkeys were very heavy and there was
$l sBarp drop in prices. A few smair lots of
dressed stock came in and were offered at 20®
22c per lb. but found no buyers owing to the
poor quality of the stocks •¦ ,/ :.
Several descriptions of ' Game were quoted
higher. Receipts were liberal and everything
cleaned up quickly. - '-.-.•. •
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. l«1?20e per lb for
young and 14« 17c for oid: Geese, per pair.
$1 75@2; Goslings. $2@2 23: Ducks. $4 S0®5 per
dozen for old and $5«« for young; Hens. $4 50
©5; young Roosters, $4®6: old Roosters- $4 50®
6; Fryers $3 B0©4; Broilers," »3®3 50 for large
and $2 50@3 for small; Pigeons,- $1®1 25 per
dozen for cl<1 snd $2«¥2 25 for Squabs.
GAME: — Mallard - Ducks. $4#6 50 . p«r dozen :
Canvasback $5«7: Sprig. fiftS: Teal. $3:
Widgeon ?3 ; small Ducks. $2: Gray Gpoee.
C-1@3 50;' AVhlte Geese, $1«J2: Brant. $1 60 for
small and $2 50 for large; English Snipe. $3;
common Snipe, $1 7P; Wild Doves. $1 25; Rab
bits $1 75 for Cottontails a.nd $1 25 for Brush;
Hare. $1 25@1 50. - ,' . «
Poultry and Game.
round lots on the wharf were dull at the pre
viously quoted rates. - ' - ' £*Sggffl»«"gri
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 50®
75c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 40 per cU:
Oregon Burbanks,*' 75c6$l 10 per ctl; River
Reds,' 60S Q5c .per 'ctl ; Sweet; Potatoes, $125®
1 35 per ctl. v
ONIONS— 60CS5c per ctl."
VEGETABLES— Green Com, 60«75c per
sack: Green Peas. 2%ig3c per lb; String Beans.
2^2 %e per lb: Wax, t 2@2V4c:- Lima. Beans, 3@
3%c per lb; Tomatoes. 2O@30cper box: Sum
mer Squash, 35^-5Oc per box; Cabbage, 60c per
ctl ; Carrots. 75c per sack : cucumbers, 40<gooe
per-box: Garlic.' -S^-**- per .:1b; -Green Peppers;
25^40c per box for Chile and 50@60c for Bell;
Green Okra. 40@50c per box; Egg Plant. 40®
60c per box: Marrowfat Squash, $10 per ton;
Hubbard, $12. '¦ - - " -. ' j
• SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.85c;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated, 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.80c; Dry Granulated, coarse
6.60c: Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags .only), 6.40c: Confectioners'
A. 3.60c: Magnolia A, 5.20c; Extra C.-3 10c*
Golden. C 5c: "D." 4.90c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 6O-lb
bags, lOe more for all kinds. Tablets Half
barrels, 6.10c: boxes. 6.35c; H. & B. Crystal
Domincs, 8.60c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-nva. barrels or its equivalent.
MINERAL SEAL OIL— The Stanrard Oil
Company quotes this oil at 19\jc in bulk. 22a
In .wooden barrels and" 25%c- per gallon la
ctses.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%0
7c tier lb; White Lead, 6% ©7c. according to
quantity. ., . . -
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
15%c: Pearl Oil in cases, 22c; Astral. 22c: Star,
22c; Extra Star, 26c: Elaine, 2Sc; Eocene, We:
deodorized Stove Gasoline, iti bulk. 17c: In
cases. 23 %c; Beniine. In bulk, 13c; in cases.
19%c; 8«-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 21c; In
cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE^ — 80c per gallon In 'cases and
74c In drums and iron barrels. -
higher. , Wellington. $3 per ton: New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $S 50; Bea
ver Hill, $5 50; Stanford. $7; Ro«lyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7: Rich
mond, $7 50; Cumberland. « $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 60; Cannel, $8 60 per ton; Coke. $11 50®
1;) d«t ten In bulk and $15 in -sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 40 per 2000 lbs and
$11 60 per ton. according to brand.
OIL — Linseeu. 4Uc tor DOlied and 47c for raw
In barrels: cases, 5c more; Caetor Oil. In cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' A A, $1 10® 1 12; Lucol. 44o
for boiled and 42c for raw in barrels; Lard
Oil. extra winter strained, barrels. 85c: cases.
90c; China Nut. Si@70c per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot. in barrels. 75c; cases, 80c; Sperm,
pure, 75c: Whale Oil, natural white. 60®55o
per gallon; Fish Oil. In barrels, 45c: cases.
60c; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels, 58c for Ceylon
and Vic for Australian.
barrel, $11 37%©11 60;^ lard, per" 100" : lbs.
$d i"4fi«i 60; short ribs sides (loose), »7@7 60;
short clear sides (boxed). $7 25@7 60; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 25; clover, contract
grade. $10 60gl0 60. - .... .
Articles— .' - Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels........ 27.600 14,900
Wheat, bushels :. 126.100 116.000
Corn, bushels 4C5,3nO 4.10.000
Oats, bushels...; .-...300,900 165,000
Rye, bushels.............. 8.600 '44,400
Barley, bushels 90.000 21.900
On the Produce Exchange to-day the but»er
market was firm.' Creamery. 15®21%c; dairy,
14©18c. Eggs, firm. 10%©20%c. Cheese,
steady, 10%«llc.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIjU SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1903.
i. BAGS— Grain -Bags," 5®5V»c; : San Quenttn,
6.66c; .Wool i Bag*,' 32©35c ; Fleece 'Twine."")*
©8c; x Cotton ; Fruit" Bars. % 6%c. - 6%c 1 and 7 We
for ; th* three' a-rad^u Brown. Jute. : fi%®7%c ";.::¦
" COAL-— Rocky; ' Mountain.".' descriptions = are
General Merchandise.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Previous prices ¦ ruled for ; Burbank ' Potatoes
and: the, market -was- quiet, with all kinds* In
free n supply.- ;. There was " some c Inquiry ~ -¦¦ from
outside points for. cheap 'river stock, but prices
were too high to admit of profitable shipping.
Two cars f of "" Merced - Sweets -.came' In- and
cleaned, up readily , at '-the: recently advanced
quotations. ... Choice * Onions "• of ; the Australian
Brown variety. were In good requesfat the, top
quotation, while otherklnds were dull;" 7 •
¦--¦ Stocks \ of " most' kinds ;; of vegetables • were
heavy . and : the • market ; was" : rather weak I than
otherwise. Sales of : Tomatoes ', at', the top quo
tation were rare and '40c was an extreme price
with most : dealers; Poor, stock "was 'neglected;
and -as- the ' eanners : were not-in the'-market
there >. was ; a,? heavy surplus • unsold '.. at '* the
close. Marrowfat ' and '"¦ Hubbard - Squash 2 sold
ln;a'peddllng ; way at l^cent'pcr pound, Awhile
Article* — Open. Hlgrh. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October (new).. «m - R0% 79 H - 8O3i
May 79^ 79«* 78«4 79»»
Corn No. 2 — ,
October ... . 43^
December 43?i 4*M 43% 44'
May 42% 43% 42% 43
• Oats No. 2 — •
October .... 35»I
December, . MTfc 3614 33»;' 35 «
May ........... 36% 30% 36% ZQ%
Mw>j Pork, per bbl— L *:
October... . . '11-42*4
January .......12 12^4 12 I7H 12 10 12 16
May ....12 25 12 27% 12 25 12 25
Lard, per 100 lbs —
October ...... .... .... «45
January 6 72% « 75 « 70 6 72«4
May '... 6 75 6 80 46 75 6 77%
Short Ribs, per 1 00 lbs— ' n
January 6 32% 6 35 6 27% 6 27%
May ........ 6 40, ft 45 6 40 • 6 42%
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands. sell
about • 1 U>c under ¦: quotations.* ' Heavy r salted
Steers,* O\ie; medium. SVJc; Hsht, 7%c; Cow
Hides. < 8c for heavy ; and. 7&C for light: Stays,
6\ic; Salted KID. -1 8^c: -Salted Veal. 9^0;
Salted Calf, 10c: dry Hides/foSlSVic: dry Kip.
13c: dry Calf,. 17c: Sheepskin*, shearlings. 25j*
30c each; short Wool. • 40fi i eCc each: medium,. 70
@90c ; Ion* ¦ Wool."- $1S1 60 each : ; Horse : H 'd»s.
Mlt. S2 75 for large and $2<f2 50 for medium.
$1 25^1 75, for small and 60c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dryr $V 7S for . large h and $1 ¦ 60 for me
dium, > $1©1 25 > for small ; and 50e -. for Colts.*
Buck ; Skins — Dry .': Mexican. 32a : dry salted
Mexican.* 25c:-; dry . Central American, 32e.
Goat * Skins—Prime •; Ansroras, ; 73c; ;¦¦ large and
smooth, BOc: ; medium. 1 - 35e: ; small.- 20c.
¦:: TALLOW— No.' 1 rendered.' 4ttc per lb; No.
2. 4c:- areaae. 2V4@3c. .- •-¦ ¦ ¦¦¦- ¦ o
• "WOOL— Fall : cllp^-San Joaquin : Lambs". 0@
lie;. Middle- County.Ml®12c:% Northern ,« Fr«e.
11012c; ¦¦¦; -'.Northern" Defective. 10®llc: Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 12©14c : , Nevada. 13015c ;
Oregon, : fln«. r 18® 19c; Oregon, medium, 17c
- P HOPS— 186221/40 per lb.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
13THBi#*CAiiL
JOSZT 9. SPBECEELS, Proprietor.
JULHtss crmmmcatisiis to JOM KcSiUBHT.lMEr
TELEPHONE.
Ask tor THE CALL. The Operator Will Con
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
De!lv«-ed by Cnrriert. 20 Cts. Per Week, 75
Cts Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term* by Mall, Including Postage (Cash With
Order) :
I'AILY CALL <Includ. Sunday). 1 year...$S.OO
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday), 0 moe... 4.00
DAILY CALL —By Single Month 75c
WXDAY CALL. 1 Year 2-50
WKEKLT CALL. 1 Year 100
f Daily... $8.80 Per Year Extra
1 ORCIGN J Sunday.. 4.15 Per Yeax Extra
POSTAGE. Lw«-klj.. 1.00 Per Yeax Extra
ALL PCSTM ASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
6an:p!e Ccples will be forwarded when re
quested.
Mail nubfcrlbers In ordering change of afl-
Cres* »hcu!d tx? particular to give both NEW
ANT) CLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt end correct compliance with their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE.
HIS Broadway Telephone Main 1053.
BERKELEY OFFICE.
SI 45 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1406 G Street, I*. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Attoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31
I'nicn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; FUtb-ave
•riue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehrrmin House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Kctel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hctel; Palzrer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXE£3....Marquette Build'g
iLong Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.' )
NF.W YORK REPRESENT ATrVE:
ETEPHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Wjuare i
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES: \
C27 Moi.tgoiriery street, corner Clay; open un
til 9:30 o. m.
.?«> .Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«"• McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CI5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
3041 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
urtl 1 0 o. in.
Iff- Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
ZCZiG Y&Wnc'.a. street: open until 8 p. a.
Krrlhecst corner Church and Duncan Btreets;
open until 8 r>. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2?f;n Fillmore street: or>en until 9 p. m.
THE £AN FE ANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31; 1903.
14
HELP WAXTED— MALE— Continued.
A— MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 we gave ..1903 we'll give
45, COO men work. 60.000 men work.
¦"¦ . ARIZONA
ARIZONA-
: OREGON, . NEVADA.
- Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems;
free pass .. . ¦, ¦
On Every Train.
Section hands, / • muckers , drillers, extra
gangs, teamsters, hammersmen. '
Farm and orchard hands, $30. $35, $40, fd.;
¦ milkers, $30 to $50 found.
. Stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $60.
' 3C5 woodchoppero.
• . • 287 tiemakers.
Cooks.' Waiters. ' Porters.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, ; camps, mines and
ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 found.
Waiters, city and country, $25 to $45 found.
Butchers, different Jobs, $40 to $90 found.
* . MECHANICAL.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country,
many in San Francisco, $2 25.
G slack coopers, 9e; 5 cabinet-makers. *
TO FRESNO TO-DAY.
15 laborers, lumber company, $40 to $55 f d.
Cook and wife, country hotel, fare paid, $75.
•MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
ALL FREE FARE. *
v ".¦¦ BIG. GOOD SAWMILL COMPANY.
Donkey bose, $100.
26 laborers, you'll suit, $35 to $85 found.
- 26 woodsmen, $50 to $90 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
OREGON. COAL MINERS. FREE
-COAL MINERS. OREGON. FARE.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
? SPECIAL.
Cheesemaker and milker, free fare, $40 fd.
4 woodchoppers, free fare, $1 10 cord. .
8 jackscrewers, frea fare, $5O found.
Married milker, $40; 3 woodchoppers, $4 cord.
Farmer and wife, Colusa County, $50 found.
Foreman dairyman,' wife cook.
Baker's helper, 10c fare, $30 found.
Grocery clerk. $60.
' Gardener, vegetables, flowers, $40.
Two line pullers, L. Co.. north. $40 found.
Man and wife, mine, woman cook. $85 fd.
Pantry boy, $20; bell boy, $20; porter, $20 fd.
Band sawyer, L. Co., country, $150 found.
Carriage setter, L. Co., country, $90 found.
Cook, city bakery, $18 week.
16 carpenters, different Jobs. .
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay «t.
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S
Employment Agency,
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
3 carpenters with tools. $3 50 a day. !
\ 600 laborers, $2.
Board $4 50 week. Free fare.
ALL FOR STATE OF NEVADA.
Absolutely free fare for all above.
Blacksmith for quarry. $3 day: laborer, same
place. $2 day; 6 German woodchoppers. $1 60-
• $1 75 day; 20 laborers, county work, $2.
Slaughter house butcher, $30; waiter, country
hotel, north, $25; 2 pantry boys, city hotels,
$17-$20; houseman, country hotel, $25; oyster-
man, city, $40; cooks, bakers, fry cooks,
broilers, porters, bell, elevator boys.
C. R. HANSEN A CO. . . .Employment Office
429 Bush at 642 Clay st.
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU. 17 Fourth st.
BUTTE CO.— CHICO— BUTTE CO.
Diamond Match Company; ship to-day.
Laborers and teamsters, $2 25 and $2 50 day.
Reno, all mints Nevada; free fare.
Lumber pliers, swampers, etc.
' Laborers and rockmen, city, $2 25 day.
Man, experienced orchard pruner.
Call and see us; lots of new Jobs.
S. F. EMP. BUREAU, phone Grant 26.
AT "E. A B." R. R. Labor Agency,
' CIS Commercial it
Free Fare^ — Free Fare.
60 tunnel men, $2 50 to $3 day.
60 muckers and drillers. $2 to $2 60 a day.
100 laborers, $2 a day.
Long Job: eight months' work.
Free fare — Ryndon, Nevada.
"£. A B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY.
638 Commercial st.
A MAN and wife. Institution, $50. Apply to
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
MANAGER wanted at once to represent and
advertise an old - established house of solid
financial standing; salary $20 weekly; ex-
penses paid in advance each Monday by check
direct from headquarters; permanent posi-
tion and good chance for advancement; geod
references and security required. Box 271.
Sacramento, Cal.
MAN with references to travel and call on
merchants and agents; experience not re-
quired; salary $24 week, expenses advanced.
National, 330 Dearborn st., Chicago.
TRY our men's shoes, union made at $1 and
$1 60 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 60 or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50;best shoes on earth 11
Third st.. Exam bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
"WANTED — 2 Bohemian or Polish coatmakers;
union wages paid; one pantsmaker. from $3
up. L. CLAR, station. Bakersfleld. Cal.
WANTED in wholesale house, strong boy
about 18 years old to run elevator; references.
Address box 2902. Call.
A— SEAMEN for deep water sailing ships.
W- B. SWEARS. Pacific Mall Dock.
ERRAND boys wanted. MARKS BROS., 1220
Market .st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; $8. 413
Broadway.
WANTED — An assistant In a drug store. Ad-
dress box 2905. Call office. -'
BARBER frcm Saturday noon and Sunday.
208 *i East st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
602 Clay st. -
BARBEH wanted for Saturday; wages. 673
Mission st.
WANTED — A good barber for Saturday and
Sunday. No. 1023 Kearny st.
BARBER for Saturday noon and Sunday at 428
Broadway.
BARBER wanted for to-day; 10c shop. 803
Kearny st.
AN experienced retail grocery salesman. Box
7S1. Call. ¦
BOY about 15. used to horses, to deliver rigs.
425 Ninth ave., Richmond Stables.
AN experienced waiter; $9 a week. Box 2906,
Call.
' *
WANTED — Youth for a ftewer store. Apply
at 317 Sutter st.
STEADY German: ref s. : tend bar, make him-
self useful; wine house. 15 City Hall square.
BOOTBLACK wanted in barber shop. 1457 Oc-
tavla' st.. near Post.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoe* half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c. 30o
and 00c. while you wait at 6»tt Mission St..
bet. lPt and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.T
WANTED— For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines ' serve at sea on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land in our
~ island possessions, and nt naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K et., Sacramento. Cal.
A GOOD position Is offered to a reliable man
who has a large acquaintance among prop-
erty owners; if a good solicitor, he can build
; up a good paying business with a responsible
Eastern company. Address P. O. box 2694.
.i — »
MEN to Isarn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
t that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
EXPERIENCED cutter;' good salary; steady
•position for right man.. Apply S. N. WOOD
. A CO..; 740 Market st.
WANTED— Trustworthy man , for light work :
steady place; good wages: must put up $150
cash. Inquire 65 Third St., room 1.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis St.; 14
- years' practice; ref ererces from thousands ot
- persons for whom I have secured pensions.
ACTIVE boy of 16 or IS for wholesale house.
' ,'Box 775, Call. ' • ¦ '¦
WANTED — A bedmaker at 86Q Howard st.
COATMAKER for country. , Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24. Sutter st.
BARBER trade taught in 5 weeks, i Address
W. C. B..' 647 Commercial st.
BARBER shop for sale; good business. 1 1393
'Harrison st... near. Tenth. .
SAILORS and ordinary eeamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS— 2-chalr; shop on transfer corner;
snap. ,1^4 Polk , st. •„'*: . ¦. 1
BARBER' shop for sale; 2 hydraulic chairs.
'Address box 144, Yuba.CUy. ¦"¦*¦¦.-,
MEN to learn; the barber trade; flrst-class In-
-* structlons - guaranteed. ; Cll Commercial ' st.
McDONALD & PERRY, have a large etook of
' new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 23ST3"st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber, School. 741A Howard st.
I PENSION; atty. ;B/ A: Bullls. room 40. Phelan
i .bldg. Past Com. Geo. H.'Thomas Post.'O.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
¦'fiket — 700Tooms, 35c. night; reading rooms;
1 free " bus , and ¦ baggage ¦, to and -. from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
, Call Branch dtflce.'cor. Duncan A Church sta.
'ALL sizes ! men's * shoes,'' slightly < damaged, . half
price. ;: 563 Mission st.:; bet.\ 1st \ and 2d.tbj.-i.
GET your shoes half • soled •while i waiting; 25o
.' to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
'•-_ ¦ SPIRITUALISM. !
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
wrltitig and clairvoyance: ttomp (or circular.
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavla; phone fc'cott 88".
EDWARD EARLE. 1062 Ellis, readings daily.
9:S0 to 4; geances Sunday and Thursday.
CLA1RVOYAXTS.
MY Regular $3 Headings This Week for
$1 SI *1 $1 $1 $1 «1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmiat Ever In San Francisco. i
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee I
to make no charge If I fail to tell you ycur J
same, occupation and what you called for;
I premise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart !« true or false: I tell you
whom and when you will marry: In fact, I
will tell you t-very hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself: I improve
your character so that you will reach the
higiieet possible development In mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; to you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to H
p. m. ; Sundays, 2 to S. 32B O"Farrell st.. 326.
11J1K. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third si., next Examiner
bids.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present bappfnings and lwrtrays e%-ents to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will bo told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mail. Tel. Black 45G0.
XSMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 "Market
St., ccr. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as gatlsfac- \
tcry as in person; 3 questions -answered. $1;
full life, $5; tend lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registt- red letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond eight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles. BOc; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 124 Turk st.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberr. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader will give a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MME. LEE, palmistry and clairvoyant; hours
»-5: evenings and Sundays by appointment:
readings 50c. Z(£> Larkin st., rooms 17 & IS.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St., near Market.
PARTHENA, gifted clalr.. Just from East;
wonderful prophetess. CC7 Post st., nr. Mason, i
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts; j
hours 10 to 9. 413 Mason st.; no sign.
Mrs. Wyzan, rifted clairvoyant, card reader, i
test medium: la. 25c. 1008 Harrison, nr. 6th. I
¦ . i
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city, j
264 Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c. I
MRS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card trader; ilt-
tlngs dally. 44SH Jessie st.. bet. 5th and Oth.
CARPET ' BE ATIXG AXP CLE I AX IK Q.
AIR compressed, dry, ice cold. Is new univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, dn
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama st.: tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Caroet Cleaning Co.: Al work guar-
anteed, 3c. 1S43 15th St.; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen.
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 4J.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet- beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 210.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props. |
RUDOLPH A CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
3."S3 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 12b\
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 55S6.
CEEDIT CLOTHIEE8.
C. F. ADAMS OO. "^
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason rt.
p EyT|STS - j
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 609 Market St.. \
cor. Fourth, room 7, Flood building; extrac- '
tlons done painlessly; teeth without plates I
our specialty; gold crowns, $3 50 up; piates, !
$4 50 up, extraction free; office hours, d
a. m. to 0 p. in.; Sundays, 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS, 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
«Jer, the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without rain.* For demonstration and proof
call at office. !
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth !
from $S per get; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates, $5; full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year, t
D RES SSI A KERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking a^^liTinery'ichooi
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION sunburst A knife p'-altlng Stew-
an's button & buttonhole factory 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
IHK San Francisco Young Men's Christian As-
sociation conducts a night school for men. an
engineering school, an evening law school, a I
working boys' night school and a day business I
and academic school. Students have gymnas- |
turn and other privileges. Apply at Y. M. C. I
A. building. Mason and Ellis Ets.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
¦ and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years.' 1412 Polk at.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's clashes are now open for the season.
AYBES. the leading business college. 723 Mar- ,
ket et. ; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
, ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
grt.i!uates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical collides;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost institution of the kind in the entire
Wett; 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Native
Fong' bldg.. 414 Mason st.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College 1236
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
<lay arid evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutonla Hall. Howard st., nr.
__9th._Prof. Focter; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING — CivYiTelec. mln., mech.. «u7-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.;cst. 1804. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A GENTLEMAN teaches privately young men
and women whose education has been neg-
lected; also foreigners. Call or add. 719 Post.'
HEALD'S School of Mines A Electricity, 2* Post
rt.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
SPANISH,French.etc.Prof.DeFi!lppe's Academy
of I-anguages.32CPost; cstab'd 1871 .ablest profa
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave.; full business course; day and evening. I
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION ... Day and '
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. tith.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages. .sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for.$l.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post St.; tel. Bttfh 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help, etc.
A— OHPHKUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlneee help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; te!. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
IF you want Japanese .. help advertise -in The
New World, Japanese dally paper, 353 Geary.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help I at
Leon Ecunsrs. 411^ O'Farrell; tel. East 420.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 0183.
CHINESE and Japanese, help; 'estab. 20 years."
Tel. Main 19U7. BRADLEY A CO., «40 Clay.
"_'_ FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
et.. on the square.
NEW flat: elegant corner; Hyde and North
Point; consists of 0 rooms and bath; modern
In every respect: permanent gas range; gas
and electric fixtures; cars pass the door; 12
minutes' ride from downtown; «narlne' view:
rent $32 50. LYON & HOAG. 116 Monf
goroery st.
$30 — NEW upper flat; 8 fine large sunny rooms;
2 toilets; concrete basement; fine finish. 130
Second ave., near Sacramento, Richmond.
A SUNNY cor. 6-room flat; flrst-class in every
respect: 3945 17th St.; half block (rom Mar-
ket; Castro and Elghtenth st. cars. :.
MCALLISTER, 1909, near Park — Modern sunny
upper flat; 5 rooms and bath; rent $22 50.
SUNNY flat. 5 rooms, gas, bath; fine marine
view; rent $16. 110 19th ave., nr. California.
$18 — 518 JERSEY, near Twenty-fourth— Mod-
ern flat, 5 rooms and bath; no children.-
ALPINE. 173— New upper flat. 8 rooms, bath:
all modern Improvements ;sun every room;$25.
ELLIS. S10, nr. Polk — For business purposes; 3
rms.; all conveniences: electric light, power.
NEW flat of C r. and b. ; cor. 22d and Valencia
sts.; rent reasonable. D. Coffin. 3303 Mission.
¦ ¦-' HELP WAXTED— FEMALES.
WANTED — 3 cooks, $30, $35; cook, Menlo Park,
$30; cook small restaurant. $10 week; cook,
no wash, $35; second girl same house, $25;
waiters hotel, $25; pantry girl, $20; dish-
washer, $20; 3 nurse girls, $25, $20, $15; man
and wife for ranch, $50, see boss at office
this morning; 4 eecond girls, $20, $25; 3
house Klrls. city, $30; cook, San Jose, $35;
. chambermaid. $22 50; cook small hotel, $30,
and 44 house girls, city and country, at $20,
$25, $30. Apply to J. F.'CROSETT & CO.,
334 S"tter st.
A COOK for Santa Barbara, $30, fare paid and
see lady here. Call at MISS PLUNKETT* S,
425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught frcm start to finish In 1
menth for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary st., room 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdresstng
trade; manicuring, massage, eta, 1236 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class I call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES, 32^i FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladles' cloaks and
suits at KRAGEN. BAMBBRGER A CO.'S,
463 Mission st., fourth floor.
EXPERIENCED cashier with knowledge of
bookkeeping and typewriting. Hours, 8-12,
1-6. Box 2070, Call. ,
GIRL for housework: small family: no chll-
dren, good home. ; ?16. 614 Eddy st. , " '
SHOP girl for bakery. 300 Turk st.
WAITRESS wanted. C13 Clay st.
BRIGHT, neat, industrious boy or girl, 16 to
1 20. stenographer desiring to study law, for
law office In country; wages fair. Address
box 20, Call, in handwriting.
AMERICAN middle-aged woman for light
housework In small American family; refer-
ence required. 371 Minna- st.
CIGARETTE makers wanted; learners taken;
steady work; good wages. The John Bollman
Co.. corner Front and Pacific sts. \
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; giod wages.
Apply at once, AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento St.' ¦ , '• .'•-..¦
WANTED — A youns girl to assist In small
restaurant. -^ Apply Castro and 'Jersey sts. /
RELIABLE, * energetic lady representative;
city, country ; good salary. Box 2604. Call.
GIRL to assist at housework; wages $15. 2102
Golden Gate ave. ..,.'¦ y ;
Wanted — Stenographer who can also play piano.
Hoover Physical Culture. 1839 Flllmore st.
20 OR 30 girls to shell nuts. 421 Front st.
•COMMERCIAL traveler af once. Box 2603^
Call. -'...' . ,
COAT and sleeve hands; also operator , and
stock girl. .'110 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers - furnished. Miss
M. . G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan : & ;¦ Church sts.
HELPrWAXTJED^5IALE.^
LA BORER and wife for mine, $64 and found ;
- 2 fanners and wives, $45 and $52 and found;
'¦milker. $40 and found; laundryman for coun-
try. $40 and board; coachman and man about
place, $35 and found;'- gardener and chore-
man. | $30 and . found ; woodchoppers; $1 50 a
cord: ranch blacksmith. ?35 and found, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., ¦ 628 Sacra-
mento Et. >._V;"'j ¦•¦.•"¦¦ ¦' '.-''• ','-• ... :•'¦ ¦ ¦
COO Kand helper, country hotel, $80; married
janitor for. apoartment .- house: .oysterman,
• $40; kitchen man,*- miners' boarding-house,
- $25 ; waiters and others. ; J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. C28 Sacramento St.,
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 317^ STOCKTON ST.> : -^
12 men for laboring work in private park.' $1
; a day and found: cook. for grill and cafe," $16'
• '.a week: broiler, $75; 2 waiters for grill room,
' - S10 50 a week; waiter. 1 plain boarding-house,"
f $25; ; dishwasher, . $30; - potwasher,' $30; . - man
; ¦¦¦ and wife,-' country, ?40; French boy to assist
• in :¦ bakery,' $20. -¦ ¦- -. . ' ¦ '
LITHOGRAPHIC transferee wanted;^ perma-
'; '.nent positions for. rood .men." BULMAN
;»; BROS.. .Winnipeg. Canada..
.TRY'our .men's r shoes, union > made, - at $1 ¦ and
,"$150 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; ; .we'pay,
vH express or.; mall ' chrgg.T 11 ? 3d ; gt.','; Exam. •; bid.'
FIRST-CLASS * paying ' barber ; shop for,: sale.'
'• Call at 132. Pacific st. .
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED — FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook, will do
some washing in private American family;
wlli go a short ways in the country; kind to
children; with ref. 794 Folsom St.. near 4th.
EASTERN woman, elderly, a neat, reliable
cook, fond of children, wishes situation;
wages $10 to $15 month; references. Box
7S3, Call office. - ;
A MIDDLE-AGED American woman wants a
position in a hotel; is a first-class cook and
baker; country preferred; references given and
required. Address box 477. Fruit vale.
EXPERIENCED young lady wishes position as*
assistant bookkeeDer. Good references. . Box
779. Call.
RELIABLE, willing woman to do housework,
plain cooking, city or country; wages $20. ,
208 St. Rose ave. , .
EXPERIENCED girl would like position in
laboratory of drug store. 70 Stanley place.
BRIGHT, well-educated young lady, with
knowledge of typewriting and good penman,
desires position in business house, doctor's
office or reception-room; references. Box
774, Call office^
A YOUNG woman with good reference for
housecleanlng would like Sunday work In of-
fice; $3 day for Sunday; Saturday. $1 60 day.
Call by letter 505 Ellis St.. in rear.
YOUNG woman would like position to do all
kinds of housework by the day. Call or
write to 520 Bush St., room 31.
A YOUNG German girl would like to help In
kitchen and do housework. ' Please call at
31 ',¦£ Zoe St., bet.- 3d and 4th, off Bryant.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 033 McAlltster at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED MALeT^
A BUTLER (English) with flrst-class city ref-
erences wants a place for the 1st of Novem-
ber. Addr?ss Butler, care MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
SITUATION desired on good private place,
city or country, by competent young man,
26. capable takine care of fine horses, gar-
den and is a first-class driver. Box 2903, Call.
' MAN and wife want situation as coachman
and gardener, wife as chambermaid and
: seamstress. Address Uox 782. Call.
EXPERIENCED carpet man, cutter, fitter and
layer, wants nosition, city or country- Ad-
dress Box 2ttO1. Call.
POSITION by a young man of 3 years' general
office "experience; thoroughly familiar with
railroad ofilce work; good bookkeeper and
uses the typewriter rapidly; willing to begin
reasonably; only requests a trial. Box 266S.
Call office. v
A SMART young Irishman would like a posi-
tion in a wholesale house or any other kind
of work. Box 4500, Call. ¦ - '
YOUNG man of much business experience and
ability as manager and travelinz salesman
would like a situation. Box 4410. Call. n
A YOUNG man, college .education, wants po-
i sltion; preferably traveling; Al reference3.
! Box 773. Call. -". -
j BOOKKEEPER wants place; has had 3 years'
I experience on mine books; references. Box
f 2C61. Call. ¦
SOBER, steady man desires position in ware-,
house or as . watchman; good references.
A. R.. 14S4 Fifteenth St., San Francisco. :
NEAT, sober and hustling young man would
like to get office work of any kind to do.
Address Box 2<g". Call.
WANTED— Position as assistant bookkeeper,
8fcirping or receiving clerk: good cnaracter.
Address -E. M. D., box 2655, Call office.
WANTED— To wash steps, water the garden;
Japanrs*. named George. 1410 Pine St.;
' phone Hyde 171. .
"WANTED— A position to help In kitchen by a
' good Japanese boy; $10 to $15 per month."
Address KAI. 528 Stevenson st.
BAKER foreman on bread or bread and cakes;
city or country. Address 213 Natoma st.
YOUNG JaDanese boy wants situation as
schoolboy; can speak good English and
knows a little about cooking. Send me postal
and I will call. HARRY T. WAKIMOT.
420 Kearny st.
YOUNG Japanese boy, gentle, honest, wishes
position to do housework and general help in
small family; wages $3 up a week. O.
HATANAKA. 317 Mission.
JAPANESE good boy wants position In small
family to do waiting and housework. ,T. T.,
849 Bush st.
JAPANESE, neat, good cook, wants situation
in private family; wages $30 up. GEORGE,
Box 2050, Call. ¦:¦ *
JAPANESE wishes a position as bar porter.
M. SAW A. 509 Stockton st.
A GOOD Chinese cook wants position in a
family. N. M., 21 Brenham place." .
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at" Call branch office. 2200 Flll'more.
I ~
• 4 PER CENT to 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
If Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds, '¦-¦
Bank and Trust Company Stocks,
Selected for conservative investors.
Write for Information to . i
HEAZELTON A CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward ¦ Building. \ .
. San Francisco. Cal. •
REALTY" SYNDICATE BONDS. ,
; REALTY - SYNDICATE BONDS.
Parties desirlns to Invest in these ; securities
; can do so at prices from 15 to 20 per cent be-
low price ' of company. Address ¦ SANFORD
FEIGENBAUM, attbrney-at-law, ; Safe De-
poglt bldg, San Francisco. Cal..: rms. 413-4J4.
FCRXITUItE FOR SALE.
A — ELEGANT flat of 6. rooms for sale;' cheap.
156 Eddy St.. cor. Taylor. ¦ ,
; FURNITURE WAXTED. ,
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44C2,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture. , carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and : mdse.'< L.'H.
BURD, . auctioneer, ISIS Mkt. ;tel.Howard 2756.
HORSES AMD WAOOJTS.
FOR sale — One mule, about 800 lbs: works sin-
gle and double: good pack animal. At ROB.
ERTS'. 1615 Market «t. _^_^
BIG auction sale every Tuesday of horses,
wagons, buggies.' carts and harness. 11 a. m.,
at 1140* Folsom'st. ¦
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEP8EN BROS. CO.. Inc., the blr store.
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
2-TON coal wagon, $50; top wagon. $60; bug-
gy. $12 50; horse. $25. 70 City Hall ave.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 327
Sixth st. ]
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale, cheap. 532 Mlssloa st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons.buckb'd. sur-
re".harn«3S.work.drtvtng horses. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for c«r-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN * CO.. 14 Montgomery
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
• this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Conies Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
st., on the square.
HOUSE of 6 rooms, bath, gas and large yard.
1611 Laguna St. Keys 1620 Lagiina st.
CASTRO. 309 — 9 sunny rooms, bath, large base-
ment, yard, garden. Key 811.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of house*
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 28 Post st.
¦ LOST AJCP FOUND.
LOST— In or near Palace Hotel, one black seal
grip containing valuable papers, but of no
value exceot to owner. Return to cashier
Palace Hotel and receive $20 reward.
LOST — English setter. dog. black ears, black
ticks on white body: leather collar with "F.
C. Schernsteln. San Rafael." stamped on
plate. Return to F. C. SCHERNSTEIN. 225
Fremont St.. or San Rafael; reward.
LOST — Male collie; black; white collar, chest
and front paws; face white and tan; license
on hind leg. Liberal reward If returned to
2012 Folsom at.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernlav Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of SAMUEL MEISTER. No. 172-090.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Male dog:; black and white; name
Prince. Finder return to chef at Russ
House; liberal reward.
LOST — A bay horse. Finder please address W.
F. JOHNSON. 1435 Folsom. St.; reward.
DIAMOND locket: emblem on reverse side.
Liberal reward if returned to 1005 Geary st.
LOST— Gold fraternity pin; letters A. E. Re-
turn to 2S14 Pierce St.; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to S28 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
- lief guaranteed. lCOS^j Market st., opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— AH who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBs";
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st.. cor. 26th;
ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 310 Powell St., opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
~~ MILLINERY.
LADIES — 200 .stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904; save
' money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK*
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO., 130-132 Beale st.
FOR sale — New 50-ft. gasoline launch with
modern 40-horsepower engine and all extras; !
good business: only cash sale considered. Ad- j
dress G. B.. box 520. Sacramento, Cal.
A — Fine suits. $7 5O; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St.,
near Bush: open to 9 p. m. : Sunday to noon.
,A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
! ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS. Bells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoee at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
A — 12-HORSEPOWER steam engine; horizon-
tal; ?85. S. D. BURNS, 318 Bush St.
FOR sale — Fine lot of Roller canary birds, both
male and female. 1401 Valencia St.. cor. 25th.
SAVE money — Buy brushes and feather dust-
en at Atlantic Brush Co.'s, 322 Bush st.
A VKRY fine diamond over 3 karats for $335
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
3, 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; all
sizes; new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG. CO., 519 Market st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HEPv-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic- lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS, 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 103
Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and eecond hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market St.
All bargalns;camp stools and chairs ; hammocks,
metal beds,mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all size*. J. E. DOAII. 46 Fremont st.
*ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
A WEEK'S news for C cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing: send postal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES,
114!) Market st,; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154.9th st. r tel. Jessie 2S51. !
A 'BIG orice paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton st.; phone Buah 484.
~~ MONEY TO LOA_*. " ~
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~"^
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT; SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st, 2d and 3d mortgages. SAN <
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. -TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL . ESTATE In
probate; send full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 2 ¦S'.is. Call ' office.
ADVANCES on furniture and ' pianos without
-¦ removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer;. lowest rates; no commission. Na-
. Mortal Credit Co.. 68 and 68 Donohoe bulld-
- ing. 1170 Market st.
i HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
i liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846
j Market et ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. ID Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people. . retail mer-
chants." teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
4« principal cities. ¦. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances to re-
sponsible salaried people, confidentially.; new
and* simple plan: easy Installments. Room:
' 50. 'Academy of Sciences. 810 Market st.
. a 1 per cent en furniture or piano: no remov-
j al.no commission, no publicity ;$23 up; quick.
I private, confidential. 20 Montgomery. . rm. . 7.
M. JACOBSEN A CO., room 621, Emma Spreck-
els Building, - loans money on real estate an.l
• all' other securities; confidential; low rates.
. MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 . Grant are.,
i LOANS FROM $1 TO $io.wi. , i
MEETIXG NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery .
No 16. K. T.. 623 Sutter «t. — Spscial TBT
ifwiUy THIS AFTERNOON at 3 O
o'clock. Order of Red Cross. All fra- tjy
ters are courteously Invited. By or-
fl«- of the Commander.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
PAST Masters* Association of Callfor- ¦
nia. F. and A. M. — Regular monthly JjA
meeting THIS EVENING at 6 JSt^
o'clock. By order of the pr*-ident. *.__«
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No 5, R A. M.. fi
will meet THIS (SATURDAY). Oct. W
SI «t 1 o'clock p. m.. and also at /V\
7:.:n o'clock p. m. R. A. degree. By
order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
CTiLDKN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and A. Q
M.— Called me^tlnff THIS SATUR-^Qf
DAY at 1 p. m. Third degree. By/V\
cnier cr W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
MISFION Lodge No. 1C3. F. and A. M.— B -
< - a!led meeting THIS (SATURDAY) VY
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second /V\
degree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
KING Solomon's L<y".ge No. 260. F. and fi
• A. M.. 183» Flllmore st.— Second de-VY
ere- THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING /V\
et 7:30 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
A CALLED meeting of the officers and fa r^?K
members of the St. Patrick's day con- VxaJT
vention of 1838 will be held at K. R. «VJ
B. Hall on SUNDAY, November 1, at (^V£«
2 p. m. for the purpose of adopting »^B»
r»solutiens suitable to the memory of the late
HON. MAURICE M. ESTEE.
FRANK CONKLIN. President.
J. .T. MORAN. Secretary.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW. ~~
ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW &. COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. £5. 916 Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected epeedily and
rc-«irf>nably. Collections, no matter how Email,
attended to; attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
ruratfons organized; civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John «C2G. Open eveningE by appointment.
We solicit an interview with you.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc!
Pnctlet in Federal and all State courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecution*, adjustments, corporations, pat-
ents, estates, probate.
Exr>eri«-nc*d and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
A<ivic* guaranteed. Correspondence solicited.
611. 511A. 51 IB Crossley Bldg. Tel John 2920.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission Sts.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS*
Divorces a Specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE. Atfy-at-Law.
1122 Market St.. b*twe*n Mason and Taylor. '
Nearly opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
ROBT. W. KING. atty-at-Iaw. Examiner bid.,
room Cll; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
ettachmer.ts. collection*, etc., consultation
fre*: no advance charges; call or write;
by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
••ases; no fees in advance; open every even-
lr.g. J. M. THURSTON. £19 Market rt.. r. 31.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings; tenants
*j»cted. $5. 810 Market, r. 52. phone Black «51.
A. M. EWING — Attorney-at-law. Room 612,
Parrott building; phone South 655.
DIVORCE — Costs, $12; quick, quiet; open even-
lngs. «27 Market ct.. room 301.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 027 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN A AITICEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
Clunie bldg.. 503 California St.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 827 Market.
BUSINESS CHA.\CES^
FOll eale — Cheap; grocery store, fixtures, safe
«tc; formerly owned by Fltzpatrick A Ward'-
well stocked: old-established business- good
opportunity; southwest corner of l'4th and
fihotwell sts. Apply D. A. CURTIN, room
24. third floor Mills building.
FOR sale— $25,000; eteam beer brewery In best
running order and doing a fine business- good
reason for selling. Apply to P C. LASSEN
A CO.. 400 Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
ATTENTION shoemakers. A good repairing
shop for sale near city. Apply at 35 Stev-
enson et.
MOVING, transfer and express business; the
entire plant; 3 wagons, large passenger bus
3 sets of harness, moving tools, etc. ; estab'
14 years. Mission E. A. B. Co.. 12-t9 Valencia!
$1400— HOTEL with good bar trade in good
country town near Oakland. P. C. LASSEN
¦t- CO.. 4CC Tegth st.. Oakland, Cal.
A lAIlGAIN— Photo studio; central location:
other business demands my attention; no
iim<; for triflcrs. Address box 750. CalL
$750— DELICACY store; select rooming dis-
trict; 2 living rooms; owner called away
Uox 700. Call.
WOULD like to buy part Interest or whole In
a co;xJ -paying business; 'small town or conn-
try: give particulars. Box 2C51. Call.
BRANCH bakery: must *e!l -tht* wvk- *"*ke
an r.ffer. MOSSMAN. Examiner b!<3ff., 41L
FOR eale — Old-established sf.'jotliut Gallery*
price 5:50; bargain. 33 Turk at.
MORNING paper route in Oakland; good loca-
tlcn; bargain. Box S41. Call office. Oakland.
KALOON— TV«!1 established falcon for sale
Apply SE. corner Eighteenth an-J Capp »ts.
FOR eale — Restaurant ar.d oj-ster house. 108
Seventh et. : eolng In arcthcr business.
JIAKEHY for sale at irr.O Church St.: good
business; all store trade; owner going East.
SUMMER ard <wlntsr resort for sale. Box
CC5>-. Call office.
PARTNER in flrst-class ealocn. Inquire at
1S38 Howard «t.
• LODC.IAC-HO USES FOR SALE. ~
16 ROOMS, rent $S3, . good. $1400
.TC ro.-,-ns, new furniture, transient 3500
14 rocrrur, good furniture, rent $30. :... 1100
21 rooiss, ireod transient .....'. 2100
17 rotr-ns. good location '.... .050
11 room*;, steady roomers, rent $30 .¦ 425
MOSSMAN. Examiner Wdff..41L
MO7JK> TO '_ ?•«» !!?-*!?!*.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS en fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on their
note: proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
MONEY :o loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried peopie without security: on furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and other security. 3. V.
Discount Agency. 14.'I Phelan building.
.YOU can borrow more money on your furnlturs
than any other place in city; no commission.
612 ParTOtt building: ohone South t55.
ON personal and real property. E. W. LICK.
10C3 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market.
MONEY leaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74, 5th floor, Chroniclts bid?.
3% ON furniture & pianos: $15 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room 81. C Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans en diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 5CS Kearny. -
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Ck.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. tSOl) Examiner bldg.
A LIST of bargain* that can't be beat ar.y-
where — Uprights: Alexander Allen. $35; Col-
lard. $37; Fll*her. $47; New York & Co.
$137; American, mahg.. $137: Klmball. wal-
nut. $147; Mansfield. Notni, Italian wal..
$157; 2 Emersona. ebony and burl walnut.
$140 and $1GO. Stetson, wainut case, $165: 2
Checkering*, small size, rosewood case, $1S5:
2 Stetnways. small and large upright, $ls3
and $290; Singer, small size, slightly used.
$215; Hayrc;, new, damage to case in tran-
sit. $190; Heine, small size, less than 19
years eld. put In thorough 'repair $t«5;
Heine, large style, slightly used $323
Squares: Blumfleld Otis, $12; Weber $85;
' Stoddard, $25; Stedman, $S5. Rsnu iZ up,
apply on purchase; Installments. $4 U n
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.; Oak.
land branch, 15th and Broadway, old P. o.
bldg. Largest exclusive wholesale and retail
piano dealers of the West. >
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
' We pay no rent, as we own the buildto*
The only reason we advertise Is to let you
know we rent the best piano in the city for $J
per c.or.th. Now we can sell you ona Just tha
same. Our expenses are so very muci less
than other firms, why not Investigate our prices
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and *»>?•
frcm $75 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURTAa
PIANO CO.. 86O-g2-64 Hayes St.
WE do not advise the purchase cf cheap ptacoa,
as they are seldom satisfactory, but we hav«
pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please the most critical. Our best
sellers are the Behr Bros.. Baumelster and
Schubert. THE ZENO MAUVAJ3 MUSIO
CO.. 769 Market st.
A FIXE lot of second-hand uprights from $3O
up. Including such makes as Chlckertng.
Vote, Kxoeger. Curtax. Klrkham, Pease.
Hardman. Marshall & Wendell. Ba,us aal "
others. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 18 O'Tw
rell st. No branches Is San Francisco.
BAND Instruments: F. Besson. Parts, maker;
Ous MaJwald, Agt. Pac. Coast. 273 O'FarTvll;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway uptight piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe'a.2S5 OTarrell.
A RARE chance; a Hornung Broa.' uprights
little used; must be sold. 218 McAllister st.
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegant high
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 303-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violin* xltners. old and new. H.
MULLER. makitr. repairer. 2 Lathsm d!sp».
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET. *
PART of front office to lawyer or business man.
612 Parrott bldg.; old phone. South 655.
FINE front office to let In The Wiley B. Allen
building, 931 Market st.
STORE with large basement; below Kearny
St.; rent $30. Apply 6H6 Clay St.. room 1.
PIANOS AMD ORGANS.
PART of our list of bargains in acjorui-haaj
pianos for September. 19G3:
Original
Price. Now. ;
1 SCHUMAN A SON3 —
Walnut case, medium size, 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, raised carved
panels. In good condition $300 $110
1 RICHMOND—
Mahogany case, small size, raiscl
carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, slightly used, but in good
condition 300 175
1 . SPENCER—
Walnut case, cabinet grand, en-
graved panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
octaves, good condition .......... 323 ISO
2 HOWARDS—
Walnut cases, medium size, 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, mandolin at-
tachments, good condition; each.. 200 1SS
1 MOI-LENHAUER A BACH--
Walnut case, large size, raised
carved panels, three pedals, 7 1-3
octaves, in very good condition... 330 194
1 NEWMAN BROS. —
Walnut case, large size upright.
1 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renovated.
equal to new 330 200
1 LUDWIG A CO.—
Oak case medium size, ratsed
carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, good tone, in fine condition. 350 210
Complete list furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO..
Corn«r Kearny and Sutter sts.
PERSONALS. -*
ATTENTION. LADIES—
To see is to believe; go and see the exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug Store, cor. O'Farrell
and Stockton sts.; a living model with th«
wrinkles and bagginess removed from ona
ride of the face a year ago by M. ELLA
HARRIS cf 7S1 O'Farrell at. *
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stlcklneas;
cleanses scalp -.at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk. ,
THERE are other cereal coffees, but If you
want the best ask your grocer for Cof-fartn ;
absolutely pure, palatable and nourishing.
THE COF-FARIN CO.. 13* Valencia st.
NOT how cheap but how good la the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotarv
Standard the sewing-machine ot to-day. J,
TV. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, curea per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call of
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate.
ON and after this date I will not be responsi-
ble for any debts contracted by my w1fe»
Mary Lingenfelder. GEO. LIXGENFELDEK.
. WANTED — Information of Janie and Bridget
Boylan, sisters of Ned Boylan. police officer
who died in S. Francisco in 1S86. B. 773. Call.
ELEOANT suits on easy installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON - LEMOS. 112T
Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutorda Hall, Howard St.. nr,
9th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee- to cur«
the liquor habit In 2 days or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Market, r. 202.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.. .
18S9 Polk st: consultation free ;call or write.
REMOVAL^DR. W. C STRATTON has re- >
moved his office from 2255 Mission st. to^l
rooms 573 and 574. Parrott bldg (Emporium).
AT less than cost uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS . London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
ANDERSON— Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus A Co.. merch. tailors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. A Mr3. Traverse. 1170 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton
TAILOR~MADE suit $7 50; dresa pants $2 50.
Misfit "Clothing Parlor, cor. Buah and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wtjrs.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 7*S Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $t; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle^Irs^&MlsajEato^lll&Sutter.
_____ _______ _ __
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and a3trolo-
gist. Palm readings SI; S QUESTIONS
FREE. Open Tuesday ev. also. 139 Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. acientiflc palrnlstTsia
Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PHYSICIANS AND sCRGEOSJ.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and~residence".
1021^j Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
1 DR. BALL. 1073'^ Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.-^A
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. lTVo
i Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases* of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. II. C. WONG, 719 Post st. : all dUeas««
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctoi- — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-3 Clay st.
This little tad has reached an age x
He ought to study printed page,
Though hardly old enough, you know.
To public school to dally go.
A governess his ma should get
And have no 4 further cause to fret
Lest the deaf lad become too wild,
For. then he'd be a model child. -
If she will look The Call's Ads through,
As any wise mamma would do,
She'll find In them, we boldly say,
A governess who'll suit each day.jvAnd 1 ! still; there is < more' to Jnterest you. For instance, therejsthe
thir4 ( installment of the "Golden. Fetich," '.which tells you .more of the
Africa of : to-day than . has ;- been revealed by any explorer [ since the .. great
Stanley gave his discoveries to the world. Then there is "The Cough in
Lower, Seven," by Frank H.^ Spearman, which is as fasciriatingly'myste
rious; as i the] title ! itself. 'and— but of courseybu know' what . excellent
railroad . ; stories ¦ Spearman < writes. Then there are the "Me-ows of a
Kitty," : clever,; witty, .'charming little bits ' that you will quote to all .your
friends-r-and ; your; lover. -'And ' the "Drawing-room Gowns for Winter";
and ;the, beautifur "Child: Model.", (This ; is a; full-page picture that will
make thesame strange appeal to" you that; it /does to everyone"; else . who
has seen it.) BRHHr^HSflflPQBBBBfflBB^^^ P^S9lwi4
• But— and, here is genuine news for. you— do you know about the big
¦ golden , j ubilee of' the Catholic ' \ Church that will be celebrated in this
city nextjSundayMt will .begone, of the most notable events in % all the
ihistory.Vof ;the i church r in i this v State. v-.This'' article * has , been '-¦ written
specially and exclusively for the Sunday Call.
.*! AVE you ever seen the new "whizzeTs" and felt the almost mad-
L-J dening thrill of seeinsr them go flying -by* like meteors? The
J^ j sensation is stranjre beyond description, as- strange as the. new
. +S "whizzers" themselves, which are -monsters of the most freakish
sort — monsters the like of which never were seen before. And how they
sing as they go! And with what terrific speed they cleave the air! 'Just
think . of .annihilating distance at the rate of less than a mile a minute !
That is how the "whizzers" go. Long, lean and low like a gray wolf
some of them are, while others. speed on their way like ghostly wraiths—
but'* with such catapult swiftness ;that the senses are first bewildered and
then intoxicated. It is a sensation that nobody ever escapes. If you do
you will be as^superhuman as the new "whizzers". themselves. •
Of course you haven't* felt the, thrill yet, for. the new Vwhizzers" hare
not yet reached San Francisco. - . But they are coming— coming fast now
—and next week the town will be full of them. And if you don't know
what a "whizzer" is like it is a foregone conclusion that you will buy the
next Sunday Call, which will print two full pages telling you all about
th"em— where they come fromi why : they are here and where the> are
going and, best of all, what keeps them always in such a tremendous
hurry.'and why they, sing soas they go. ilndeed the new "whizzers"
will simply fascinate you.
.' Almost as remarkable as the "whizzers" is the new artillery drill now
performed by Uncle; Sam's boys in blue stationed in • the VVest. Just
think of seeing a battery of light artillery go- clattering and bumping
over.the ruts of a. stubble field and after. careening madly around a shock
of^new-mown hay come into action, shoot holes into;a dense fog and
knock | into T; smithereens the .kneeling figure .of a man four miles away,
which ;"they\ could 'not see by a good two mile3. 'And yet it is not so much
whatjthey "do asithe-way-they accomplish such * remarkable shots that
makes 'the! new. field drill truly wonderful. Ju%t;-see'the pictures in the
next Sunday- Call. n&SSlBHBiBfil ¦ ssSBB ¦ • -
The Wonderful "Whizzers."
Joseph and Jacob C(owners) with
John M. ¦ Olsen (contractor),. architect 3 — —
All work , for a ? 1-story - frame >. cottage on lot
44. HeymanTnict:r$1600.'. .
-H H and Matilda^G. Bancroft (owners)
with O E.'^ Brady & Son (contractors)/" archi
tects ; Cunningham ' & - Pollteo-^Underpinntng.'
shoring and "brick work i for ¦ a: 7-story.: brick
building on , lot '. on j SB corner ; of <¦ Van Ness
avenue and ; Sutteristreet, 8 63:10 -by * E 109;
$2320 .¦-"..-'..-":":, \^ ... ' - ' " ' : '¦-"' ¦-¦:':¦¦¦¦ ¦ .¦ •
¦¦ •¦: Lena . McMullen ' (owner) ;wlth A. = T.' Spence
'(contractor)/- architects iNewsom' & iNewsom —
Alterations « and ) additions .to ' a " 2-story.' frame
residence on lot ' on E line of .Guerrero, street,
27:6 N of , Liberty, 75 iby .100; $0779. » . ,J
7 ; H. , H. -f and ¦& Matilda * O.l Bancroft " (owners)
with M.F.- Sullivan" (contractor), architects
Cunningham : * & *. Pollteo — , Excavating. ~\ bulk
heading . for basement | for a . brlcki building on
lot > on • S i line . or e Sutter^ street.^ 109 • E . of Van
Ness avecue,- E 68:9;by.S 120; $1049. /
Jullen and Eltle cr Ettie" Smith. James H.
and Mary J. Hatch. Sarah E. Blakey, Alice M.
Maydwell and Walter M.Willett (by J. F.
Tyler, commissioner) to Helen M. McCrum, lot
on N line of Sacramento street, S5 E of Polk
E 52:6 by N 77:6; also lot on W line of Guer
rero street, 1B0 S of Eighteenth, S 35 by W
100; $25,293. •
Catherine Williams to Thomas S. Williams,
lot on N line of Jallejo street, 175 W of Van
Nesa avenue, W 30 by N 137:6; $10.
James Riley to Ann Riley. lot on N line of
Page street. 87:6 E of, Octavla, E 27 by N
120; gift. '
• Morris and Rosa.Brinn to Lulgl Vlgnolo, lot
on N line of Ellis street, 00 :3 E of Buchanan,
E 31:3 BV N 90; $10.
Philip and Pauline Flatow to Domenlco Cu
neo, lot on N line of Kills street, 25 E of Bu
chanan, E 31:3 by N 90; $10.
- Mathllde Veiller to Thaddeus H. Mead, lot on
SE corner of Sacramento and Stelner streets,
S 20:0 by E 81:3; $10.
Thaddeus H. Mead to Nellie V. Mead, same;
gift. .
Edward F. and Sarah B. Cluln to Mary J.
Noonan, lot on S line of Hayes ptreet, Sl:3 W
of Devisadero, W 25 by S 75; $10. ,
John G. and.Theresa H. Rapp to Max Levy,
lot on S line of Page street. 1CS:9 E of Ma
sonic avenue. E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Ely I.' and Helen ¦ J. Hutchlnnon to Louisa
Oesting (wife ot Paul), lot on S line of Clinton
Park 10:3V« E of Stevenson street. E 54:8gi
N 20. W 5. N 25, W 20:8. S 15, W 29:0%, S
30; $10.
'Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to same,
same; $550. » -
Robert li. Woodward' to same, same; $10.-
Emma J. Smith to Edward Hes?, lot on W
line of Fair Oak.i street, 241 S of Twenty-first,
S 32 by W 117:6; $10. .
City and County of San Francisco to Edward
C. Harrison, lot on N line of Dorland street,
13S E of Church,,E 25:0% by S 100; $ .
Caroline L. Atwood (wife of E. A.) to Amos
W Benedict lot on W line of Diamond street,
110 N of Twentieth.. N 27:6 by.W 125; $10.
Marie M. B. , Gtoes (Joest) to Andrew Gar,
lot on N line of Valparaiso street, C8:3 E of
Taylor, also 120 Sot' Greenwich, E 23 by. S
00: $10.' ' *' ' ' .
Matthew and MarlaKerr to Alex and Babra
Voloslng. ldt on S line of Clary street, 350 \V
of Third and 160 N : of Harrison, W 25 by S
Patrick J Mahan to James P. Mann, lot on
NE line ofJSoe street. 237:6 SE of Bryant, SE
John^and"* 'Annie F. Fleming. Daniel W..
John J. Charles H. and Agnes A. Breslin and
Ellen or Nellie Boss (Breslin) to Abe and Rose
Rothbenr lot on NE line of Morris avenue, 300
SE of Harrison street/ SE 37:6 by NE 80; also
lot on SW line of Morrison avenue. 225 NW of
Bryant street. NW 25 by SW 75; $10. ¦•¦-¦»¦; t:-.:
Edward, Daniel F. and Neal P. McLaughlln
and Catherine M. O'Leary (McLaughlln) . to
William J. McLaughltn, lot on W line of Lang
ton street, 250 S of Harrison, W 75 by ;S i 25;
George and Eliza Dlllmann to Mary A. Cull,
lot on E line of Kansas street, 150 S of Twenty
fifth. S 25 by. E. 100; $10.. _ _
Eliza I* Dodge to Edwin W. Stadtmuller. lot
on E line of Nineteenth avenue, 125 N of Lake
street; N 50 by E 120; $10. -•_; ' ¦ '-
Leirallet-Hellwlg Tanning Company to A. B.
Patrick & Co.- (a corporation), lot on N corner
of > Sixth avenue and Q ¦ street. • NW, ,23 /by NE
100, lot 25, block 93. CN. & H. Tract. $750.
Mathilde. A.- F/' Hampe. Ida Meyer. Herman
C Eggers- and California Title Insurance and
Trust Company to Sophie Eggers undivided %
of lots 1 and 2. block A,. Park Hill Homestead
Association No. 2; $10. ¦ _' T ,, 1 "'- '".'"
Margaret Lahaney to Jean B. Belleprde. lot
on E line of-K street, 75 N of Tenth . avenue,
N 25 by.E 95." lot 210/ block 187/ Central Park
Homestead: $10. : '_ --, " •' " '-^^i*
Adolph- SutroUo 1 George Bernotat,* lot 36,
block C. Park Lane Tract; $200. • _
Emily M.-.N.' Kane/ Adele' M. -Jf. MAson,
Agatha G • N. - Bambenck j and Arthur F. J.
Nfroll tO'There8 e jE.:N..Hutchtason,,lot 67.
gift map lVfS.- >.,;,; } : />',: '¦;..', - ; / i '¦ ' '.
- Builders' Contracts.
FRIDAT, OCTOBER 30.
HEAIi ESTATE TBANSAC3TI0NS.
Only nine men have been hanged In
Kentucky in the last five years, although
there have been 79S murders.
Closing Quotations.
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Esperanza ... 01 02 T & CaUf .. — 24
Gold Mount.. » — 05 T & Great W. 01 05
Mannapah ... — 16 T M of Nev.. — 6 25
MacNamara .11 14 T N" Star. 33 34
Montana T... 88 90 T Midway ..30 38
Paymaster .. — 13 T A 8 Lake.. — 30
Rescue 05 — United T ... — 15
T Belmont.... 80 1 00/ Utopia .:..... 10 —
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Oct. 80.— Clearings, $715,109; bal
ances. $158,601. • .
TACOMA. Oct. 80.— Clearings, $345,194; bal
ances, $30,053.
PORTLAND, Oct. 80.— Clearings, $571,067:
balances. $126,683.
SPOKANE. Oct. 30.— Clearings, $367,566; bal
ances, $74,334.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, October 30.
Stmr Fulton. Lee. 48 hours from San Pedro.
Bktn Arago, Semsem, 9 days from Willapa
OUTSIDE, BOUND IN, 12 MIDNIGHT.
Schr North Bend.
.. , . DOMESTIC PORT.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 30— Stmrs Santa
Monica and Newburg. hence Oct 26.
Sailed Oct 30 — Schr Veeu, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORT.
.VICTORIA, *B C— Arrived Oct 30— Br stmr
Ascot, from Mororanj'Br stmr Tartar, from
Yokohama.. ¦•• ' '
OCEAN STEAMER.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 30— Stmr Prlna
Oscar, from Genoa end Naples. •
Queen Victoria herself was the first
member of England's royal family to
take an enthusiastic interest In. wheeling
and to buy the first modern machine ever
ridden by royalties in England.
¦¦A :tulb wvgi^yrEAn ronraavaAs
* • PATS. \ "^ISt^
October I«. » ; ¦¦• %%
October 19..... ":• «¦¦:¦: If :
Ocnber 30. IV' " -U II ;
October 21 IT ¦v.XT': '
October22. -; W :^ : : t#
October a........ -,:;l«Vw WM&&&
Octot€T 24........... 98 ."'-¦'•»¦
hrvoixnotK hivkr atu citAxcg. "
; :.. ¦ ;;• .;;¦:':¦:¦ '-;,¦: ' ; .-.- •,-"-'V .- - : } ' 1 . : -' 1KB. ¦¦': pl»ft
October IS..;.... ...... ...I » •¦- ».,.'
October !»..... ..I : 35 ;¦•':¦ S» :
Octobsr ; I ¦¦••¦.•» ""•.' «
October 21........... { 15 ¦¦'••; . S5 .; -.
October £2... ...I, 13 • • .: 3S ¦'¦ ¦
October S J 15 2S
Octotxr K. ........... ....1 33 W
¦ : KPtOS RIVER AT RED MOUNTACT.
-¦,'.•..¦ ¦,:¦-•- •-¦•¦: ..-. ,.•:...': B«00Od 7MC •'-',
October 19....... »5 »
October ;!».... ............ i*215\ tn>
October »... ............. i SIS . »>
OctobfTSl. ............... 2» ' 8» . ¦
October 23...;....... ....J 215 3SO
October 2S.. .............. 215 213
otobf .............. aa> . 235 r
BACTUMEXTO IUVEn AT, IRON CANTOI^
.'""" " ¦ --. -¦ ¦:<:¦-¦: .•¦-.. Bwm4 Fs«C
octobw li................ eooo tsao
October 19...... BOM> 5S2
octot*r ao.. .............. s«» SS?
October 21. ...... ......... Stvo S22
i October 2».ii. ............ tZ*t> 63» >
i October S3...... .......... . ewo :.S2»: •
Octobers* lira t^>
"Wheat (Including flour) exports, for the
week; eliding- October 29 aggregate 4,097,%73
bUshelsV kcainst 4,^5 oho last week. 6,$S7,C0
this:- week-illaat. year. ¦ S.672,899 in 1801' and
8,615,421" in ;3»»r-v For seventdfcn weeks of
tho cereal, year.i they • aggregate C3,t*Jl,6«7
against C9.S83.939 in 1&U2, ,l«,tv3,S47
in iXl atid B3!iKW32 to'Wlft,*;"£.%ft".^:;:c:^V-
Com «xport3 ¦'¦•¦ for', the". week ?•' aggregate
r.392,214- bushels. Against J.6W.SSS last week.
153,206 .i year , ago, 606,159:; in • 1901 and
3,920.«W In i900. For seventeen " weeks of
the : present . cereal year they-* aggregate
1S.442.T2I bushels, against 1.73J.0G1 in 1902,
15.246,342 In 1901 and 53.767.1S3 in 11*00. . '¦: •
B.. O, Dun & Co. 1 & Weekly Beview of
3Yad» to-morrow will say:
Industrial activity has increased some
wJiat, tn&ny plants resuming and other
preparing to« reopen on Monday. Several
pending labor controversies have reached
amicable adjustment, adding to the ag
gregate of wage-earners employed. On
the > other ' hand, strikes are ordered . and
some mills will be closed by lack of .new
business, while the fight for control' of
the copper properties has thrown thou
sands'out of work. While there is evi
dence of a setback in the steel Industry,
some hesitation in textiles In the East, the
general tenor of these reports is encour
aging for a continuance of prosperity, par
ticularly from the sections where agricul
ture is tha chief occupation. Collections
are causing some uneasiness and financial
conditions are unsettled. Merchandise is
freely distributed, earnings for ¦ October
thus far surpass last year's 'by 5.9 per
cent and those of 1901 by 13.4 per cent.
Purchases of iron and steel products are
still restricted to immediate requirements
as a rule, although the decline in quota
tions, appears checked.
Failures ' this . week were 253 In the
United States, against 233 last year, and
15 "in Canada, compared with 22 a. year
ago. '
'Cooler 'weather has stimulated .retail
trade quite . generally throughout the
country arid this Is reflected ; in an im
proved, reorder,' demand" -for seasonable
goods, especially heavy dry , goods, : cidth
tcit • .*nd v ' shoe*. _y. 25Che -erf [h the.
:crb'ps-;has '• been* freer '-^NorthVest, VWest
and I'Boiutn and irutrior collections havo
Impj^rs^Z^iejrQ In 'luxnvnotr a
tn<^ : che4rtu1vtc«8^ir^(^ which h^
hitherto lagged b«hlnd the^^ corresponding
season .; a> ¦ year J agpL'i-.Buylnjrij. howayeji"' is
dasMdu .conservative and^^ snuUIeralotS
are Uk<n than formerly.
• Thn labor situation is ratfter ttnsettled.
Radical leaders are- Inclined to -Imperil
pregent advaiitages in tha bulldlnc trade*
at sbm* large centers, but r*rma of bet
ter future conditions are found in th» ut-.
ieraoces of some of th* more "conservative
!eadersv>'-.who> foresee " tx«iibl« . for ,<=tha
union* if they attempt to precipitate fur*
ther demands, ¦ ! "¦•¦¦;:.- x - ¦ =
Ths great influstrles show few change*
for the "week. Iron and steel are -weak,
depressed or steady, accordingly as the
cruder, or '..moro 'finished- forms are c»u
sldered. - • . , ,
M The shutdown of the Ajaalgamated Cop
per, mint s has had a strengthening effect
dn-eopper. ¦ : -']".'^' •.:""':'¦
NEW »TORK, Oct. 80.—Bradstreet's-to
morrow will say:
Crops Are Moving Freely and
interior Collections
N * Are Good:
Eastern Jqbbers.Repbrt
Trade Con ditiohs
XLLip V .
COOL WEATHER
HELPS BUSINESS
The result shows once again how a real
ly original invention cannot pour itself
into another's mold. Scqtt returned to his
own poetical manner in "Rokeby."
"Rokeby" was coldly Received and thpn
Scott turned his thounghts to fiction In
prose, came -upon hia , long lost fragment
of "Waverley and the need of conciliating
the poetic taste of the day was at an end
forever.
In 1809, when "Childe Harold" appeared,
Crabbe's supremacy with the public came
to an end. But he remained a great fa
vorite, not only with the public, but ever
after his popular reclame wa3 over with
the poets and the critics. Canon Alnger
cites the encomiums of Scott, Words
worth, Byron and Tennyson. He reminds
us that critics differing as widely as Ma
caulay. Cardinal Newman, Swinburne,
Edward FltzGerald and Leslie Stephen
have found In Crabbe an insight into the
springs of character and a tragic power
In dealing with them of a rare kind.
Nevertheless, his popularity with tne
world at large has waned. The appear
ance of the two volumes of Tennyson in
1842 did much to divert attention from
poetry, so widely different. ¦• To-day Crabbe
nas almost entirely disappeared from the?
list of poets whom every educated lover
of poetry is i expected to appreciate. Can
on Ainger explains why. "No. doubt
Crabbe demands something of his readers.
He asks from them a corresponding in
terest."
¦ When Crabbo Dublished hl» "Paxljh
Register" In the autumn of 1S07 the noTel»
of the day were largely th*- vapid pro
ductions of the Minerva Press, without
atmosphere, color or truth. M:s« Kdge
worth alone had already strode the not*
of a new development in her "Caatle
Rackrent," not to mention tho delightful
stories in "The Parents*-.^Assistant."
Gait's masterpiece, "The Aanalslof : th»
Parish," was not yet even lying unfinished
In his desk. The J.rucklehackltf and the
HeadrlEgs wer^ jMU further distant. Mls»
Mitford's aicet^hes ' in'. ','Oiir^:WiIIaife"— th«V
'nearest'; in form to' Crmbtte^s pictures of
country life-were to corao later still.
Cr&bbe, : though Mi adhered, with s> irtso
knowledge of his vown ' >p6wers.^ufs tho
heroic couplet. Is really, in Canon Ainstr'a
opinion, » chief founder of the rural
noyel~the^ "Silas an* ¦ the
*'Adam Bede'! ; 6f fifty; years later. a
course (for no man. la original), he
had developed his methods out ot those
of htsrrede6essors.Pop« was his earliest
master In his art. And what Pope had
done In h!s telling couplets for- the man
and woman ef fashton-Ui« Cblow and
N'arci-aa» of his day— Crabb« hop*d that
he might do for the poor and squalid In
habitants of the Suffolk : ; seaport.- -Then.
and Goldsmith's ¦ village parson and poor
widow jrath*rir«; her cresses from tfce
brook had been before him and con
tributed their X share; : of ; Influence. But
Cratibc's dohlavcmont" wai practlcaily a
new Sthtng. Tho 'success of ¦ ¦. the' 'Parish
Register' was Urprely that of a new ad
venturoi In the^ world of fiction. Whatever
defectn. the critic of pure poetrj* • might
discover Jn; its workmanship. ; the poem
was read for its; stories— for a truth of
realism that could not be doubted and for
•iS* 1 *^ that; could: riot be unshared. 1 '. - : ; ¦
vjTha.VPdrfBh Register". had an enormous
.effect upon .the literature of Crabbo's day.
Byronhad not. yet. burst upon the- world
with the two flret cantos of "Childe Har
old.". But even then Sir Walter. Scott,
who had been the; most' popular of con
temporary poets, was making the unwel
come discovery that his own matter end
Wanner were Imitable and that others
were borrowing them. Many could now
"grow the flower" (or something like Jt)
for "all had grot the seed." It was George
Crabbe who set him to thinking whether
he might not change his topics and his
meter and still retain hia public To this
end he tentatively published an experi
ment called "The Poacher." written in
avowed imitation of Crabbe. To-day it
reads almost like a burlesque of Crabbe.
Yet Scott was no doubt in earnest in as
suring Lockhart that he had been domi
nated by no spirit of travesty, but only
to. test whether he would be likely to suc
ceed in narrative verse of the same pat
tern.
In his essay on Addison Maw;l»r h.H
pointed out how the - Roger di. CoTtrity
papers' gave the ¦ public ; of n!i day tba
first taste of a new and ezaulfllto pleas*
ure. At tha time •'when Fleldlr.fr yrta
blrd-nestlngr and Smollett was. unborn,"
Addison was laying the foundation of the
English novel of real life. .;;¦<¦¦ - l \*"'
Canon Ainger finds a parallel tvtwecn
Addison In. the eighteenth and 'r«bL« in
the nineteenth century. q: ¦';'
In. the Interval between the two . the
novel had risen to Its full heifcht and,
then sunk. '¦:¦"?>-•. ~~'r.r~ l ''¦ •¦¦"-
Crabb, Following Along ih" Sam*
Lines, Was tie Originator of the
Hural «I<ite*ratTire. ' : ; -H
•tatment for two rrara r f «*# fs^ir^sg @
«f certain Calir-wr/a r*'.'-.« :a rs;! 1 -: g^-v?
•eeend. «r mcooI ti< us* sufcofl l^*« $>•&**=>
me »> Ckllfonik miMf i lvlW% «r sSttrbU »»
Colorado mtoe***- larbe*. Tim ,tm*» &s> «5o
last year may b* retts-t t »-»*»? 8*aflS8*»
mnOM.- Th* Otrutm mm tr I» t*. I*p«tA''-<at
hydrccrai*er. Unit**! Btatts Qm&tafrM i
ylow cur . suvsks*
ADDISON"; THE FOUUDES L .
OF NOVEL OP BEAL IOT5
15
THE SAN FKANCISCO CAI/I»,i :^AJJ^RDAYi QCTOBBR ; 31., -1903^
V. ; 4 ROOSIS POR HOUSEKEEPING.
ANTLEhS. 4 15 Turk st.— Strictly modern. 4-5
¦.XWitq >pirtm>nt»; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
G*ir.nEN a.WjE ave.. 334— Sunny furnished
- ~'^ R * i ncw at: bath » Phone. ?10.*
jC*O>EDKN t;ATi::ave., 12C2— Lower floor, sunny
• trnr.t womn, with kitchen, running water gas
,'_l*r**.-:.:. ..Q:-." ; ¦ ¦ ¦
! iQSll?, 117-rU'tpunny housokeeplng basement
rx<'?f.*. I'M i alg'o 1 large sunny room, $15.
I MCALLISTER;' 5S.«— Extra large sunny room.
i ,_Ji.~^*_J< llr hen::.$12; gas range; adults.
i MINNA,' 514— A few nice eunny housekeeping
-_ rr.cniii;:tu let;. thoroughly furnl»hed.
MISSION, 1221, ; near Eighth— Two eunny con-
¦'_ nertltig 'roaina;..fip; no children. •
; UOpEL HOUSE.1206 Stockton st.— NVwly fur-
nitJ.^.l rooms;' $57*12; bath, gas. phone.
j T\VKNTV-TiilKEu,3T26. nr. Dolores— 3 sunny
lay-wlrdow./rooms;.. neat and complete.
VAN NESS avey. ¦:''.'¦ near "Market— Large, sunny
| alcove, .i;nfaoilgh'e'd:"room; running water.
I CLASSIFIED. adVertisemenu and ' subscriptions
receli-ed at'CaU branch • office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH -.cfflce< for". Call' a'dyertlsements and
•tttsrriptto Ac : has. been established at 1096
r Valencia tr. '•*•--.;'".= '.-¦¦•-• ..-•¦¦¦ ¦.:¦.. •¦¦¦¦ : : .•¦¦'.'¦. .,.' : .
lloosfkpg Roomi— Apartm't Bonies,
THE Frederick.' WI Stanyarii opow Park-— Furn.
apartments; rt^-'-bath'r'ttram heater; janitor.
ROOMS TO LCT«~rcr». and tnlorsv
A— BRUNSWICK House;: 143 . Sixth — Rooms
SSc to 91 per night; $1 £5 to $5 per week ana
light housekeeping rooms; open all ntfht.
AT .'The AlKcate." 873 Market st (or. No. 1
I Fifth st.)— Rocrcs. 25c. 80c. |I. 11 CD r.'.gct:
i $1 CO to $10 week; house open, all ntght. •>
i I5L T KNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlthtd rooms, suite, single; also wnfwnUhed.
CALIFORNIA, 14WV— Furnished • rooms; gas.
Itth and telephone.
CASTIiO. 241— Putty iurny ftor.t room, with
i"'i", large c!os*t. cc*l grate; iriv»u famtly;
one or t»-o tidies. «r gentlemen; references: '
$10 x*r month. . . • . -
CLIFFORD. 204 /Cllis. cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sar.ny rooms; prices reasonable. ¦.
I FRANKLIN. 721— Nicely furnished - sunny
rooms; all front; all conv.: $14. 116 month,
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 800
to $1 60 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.'
JESSIE. 363. east U. ». Mint— Furnlched
rooms, $5 and <tf per month. : vo : .•¦¦:¦ ¦-.:¦.
LAGUNA ani McAllister. St. Jaass Cat— Sua-
ny single roora. . -.. ........ .-.--¦-
MISSION. 1514. rear Eleventh— Larse eunnjr
front rcom: large cloeet; $2 50 per week. '
ROTAL House, 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' r«r-
Icr; rooms rer night. S3- to 91 SO; week. 93
to |9; incnth. 14 to |30: elevator en groun4
floor: rooms irlth hct and cold water: fettba. ,
THE GIIXESPin. 119 Ninth— FUrnirtiel rms..
$1 go to |2 50 week; transient S0c-73c. right.
Tf P.K. 2<Ch^*— Nicely furnished »or.ny roorns;
clean, respectable- hou*f: 'cheax». ; re?lt»-:;.V':V"V>;.;
UNITED STATEsTTsi EddlTstT. nwIMarket^
¦400 tingle and family rooms; 35c to II nlctit;
$1 75 to J8 we*k: elevator: electricvllghts;'
. readlng-rrem: free bus and baggage. •-,'¦•:.'•;;:¦'•'.',.
: .VAJf JfESg.- 51ft — Handsome sunny .furRlshed •
" ' Vs»!tee>. : einS : .i|ing!e rooms, all conveniences;-.-'!:' •'
'WINCHESTER Motel. 44 3d St.. near Market-^!
I . Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;.
, .' S5c to $1 50 r.!rti: $2 to $S week; elevator:
J. ¦ elec/ lights: reaiiing»rpoRi; free bus; bag-gage.
'; 'AI>VERTlsnSXr?CTS, eubscrlptlons received at
LVv'.CUl Branch office, cor. Puncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH cfnee for Call advertisements and
rubscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisementi and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmora.
ROOMS A.\D BOARD.
"~^ J^^^"^5^T^L^ALTIMOR5r r ", " J
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT, FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
New and modern appointments; Intercom-
municating and long distance phones In every
room; steam heated; hot and cold ocean water
baths; cuisine and service best; American plan
only, $3 to $5 day. Special rates by month.
STEVENSON Mansion, S07 California et. — At-
tractive and sijthtly rooms; best table and
eervice; lowest raxes. . *'~-'X~t
VAN NESS ave., 1714 — Private boarding-hou»e,
homelike; everything first class; sunny
cultes; single rooms; choice locality; ref.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at C«H branch office. 2200 Fillmor*.
PAPERHAXGIXO. PAIXTIXO. ETC.
ROOMS pepored, $3 CO up; tinting, painting.
Hartman Paint Co.. 310 3d et.; tel. Main 413.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
. $10. $15. $20; slightly used: needles 20c doz.
NKW HOME S. M. CO.. 10S1 Market St.
SCIENTIFIC OPTICIANS. *
DURING the G. A. R. encampment Dr. Cllse.
1023 Market St.. bet. eth-7th, fitted glasses to
Pen. Miles: you want the best as well as he.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MOTHERS — Drink Cof-farln regularly and
your nerves and digestion will be all right;
give It to the children and the old man, and
half your troubles will cease. ¦ .
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat- ;
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 2to Sutter st.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
in every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful curee;home cure.
T^P^VRjmERJ^A^'D^UJPPJLIES^
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We'
fell better machines for less money than any
hcuse tn the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. I'M California; telephone Main 208.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par.
tlculars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Moot- :
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webrter Typewriter In«rw»c Co.. 608 Market.
' LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE TO CLAIMANTS— Notice is hereby
given that the following described ' mer-
chandise has been seized at this port for
violation of the United States revenue laws,
to- 1\ it:
4 5-tael boxes prepared opium, Aug. 29,
18SS; 86 cigars. Jan. 2. 18M; 4 5-tael boxes
prepared opium, . Aug. 13, 1806; 10. 6- tael I
boxes prepared opium. Aug. 13, 1896; 100
cigars and 100 cigarettes, Nov. 24, 1902; 1
package ellk. -Nov. 28, 1902; 2 pieces cloth,
Feb. 11, 1903; 1 package cloth, Feb. J2, 1903;
150 cigars, Feb. 17, 1903; 8 meerchaum
pip^s, 14 meerschaum cigar-holders, Feb. 20,
1903; 12 bottles whisky. March 2, 1903; 70<>
cigars. March 12. 1903; 144 bottles gin, 4S
bottles whisky, 39 lbs tobacco; 1550 cigars,
March 12, 1903; 460 pkgs Chinese playing-
cards March 23, '1903; 6 pieces silk, 1 piece
wool cloth, March 25, 1903; 12 pkgs. buttons,
3 pieces cloth, March 23, 1903; 975 cigars,
March 2$, 1903; 46 silk handkerchiefs, 3 lin-
en handkerchiefs, March 30. 1903; 93 silk
caps. 200 cigars. April 3, 1903; 1 pkg. silk
kimona, April 9, 1903; 1 tea set, April 9, 1903;
1 tea set, April it. 1903; 1 tea set, 1 silk
gown. <> silk handkerchiefs. April 9, 1903;
1 silk umbrella, April 9. 1003; &4 BllSc hand-
kerchiefs, 230 cigars, April 9, 1903; 500 ci-
gars, April 10, 1903; 1 lot miscellaneous arti-
cles, April 16, 1903;. 300 cigare, April 18.
1903; 1050 cigars, April 20, 1903; 2525 cigars,
April 20. 1903; 1 silk shawl, April 30, 1903;
1 eilk shawl, April 30, 1903; 4 pieces wool
cloth. April 30, 1903; 1 piece dress goods.
April 30, 1903; 4 pieces cotton cloth, 2 bed
comforters, April SO, 1903; 1 smoking Jacket,
May 4, 1903: 1 tea set. May 4, 1903; 1 piece
wool cloth. May 4, 1903; 2 pkgs. silk shawls.
May 4, 1903; 250 cigars, May 4, 1903; 60 .">-
tael boxes prepared opium. May 7, 1903; «j
pieces cloth. May 11. 1903; 40 silk handker-
chiefs. 192 cigars. May 20, 1903; 2 pieces
ellk. 3 pairs silk hose. May 23,- 1903; 1 silk
thav.l, 1 fan, 1 coat : of arms, 7 handker-
chlefs, 2 napkin rings, "May 28, 1903; 1 bolt i
silk, 1 eauuma cup and vase. May. 28, 1903;
• 250 cigars. - June 4. 1903; 12C pkgs. cigar-
ettes. 100 cigars, June 11. 1903; 700 cigar-
. ettes. June 11. 1903; 625 cigars, June 11, 1903;
1 lot miscellaneous articles. June lfi, 1903;
1 lot miscellaneous articles, June 15, 1903;
¦ C500 cigars, June 17, 1003; 430 pkgs. Chinese
playing-cards, June 18. 1903; 6500 cigarettes,
June 18, 1903; 500 cigars, June IS,. 1903; ;
, 100 cigars, July 2. .1903: 1 tea set, July 16,
»03: 290 cigars, July 10. 1903; 24 ellk caps.
75 cigars, July 20, -1903: 300 ciffars,- Aug. 3,
1903; 200 cigars, Aug. 5, 1903; 3 5-tael jars
namshu, Aug. 6, 1903; 1.5- tael box . prepared i
oprum. . Aug. S, 1903; 9 embroidered silk
shawls, 6 silk handkerchiefs, Aug. 7, 1903;
2 caned, emu eggs, Aug. 18, 1903; 1 dozen
ellk handkerchiefs, 2 silk ' scarfs, Aug. 28, :
19C3; 1 case crockery. Sept- - 11, 1903; 322 1
pkgs. Chinese -playing-cards. Sept.- 11,. 1903;
,1 black silk dress, 2 crocheted Fklrts, Sept.
11; 1903;. 2 pkgs. cigarettes. . Sept. 18, 1903;
2000 cigare, Sept. 25, 1903; 1 . pkg. ' cloth, Oct.
6, 1903; 1 box decorated china, . Oct. 9, ; 1903.
AH persons claiming the above described
> merchandise, or; any part .thereof, are.* re-
quested ' to : appear and file claims . of - owner-
ship with the - undersigned . within twenty
daya from the first publication of this notice,
otherwise ' the ' same will b<- sold at public
auction, -according to ? law, ' after due "• notice
being given. W. . B. HAMILTON, Special
Deputy Collector. .
tin.li. TOU_ SALE.. j
THOMAS MAGEK * SON'S.
REAL EST.VXB AGKNTS. .
NO. 5 MONTGOMERY ST. J
KAST OF" POLK ST. BUT. ' '*
fr>2.<«i — Brats $~>l«;u per amium; comparative. I
!y liuwn town; lars* lot; over 75 t'^'}
irv.r.t hy full depth; excellent -tn^ta* j
. . now. wish rsreEi'ect «f future tnci»aM t
«ji v;i!u«"; full particulars at our offlcu'
zzzzz I
FtLLMORE-ST. INVESTMENT?. |
fjr.i"«» -It»«W fl'.i2 AO (mt month;, thrr* new }
ST-ft-cls*? tlatu; ocmjilete in every de»'»
* tail: All r«.:;it-J now and will always *
it lit. ; I
.....t.ttiKv-Ilpr.ts $.¦>* Cm); nine flrst-clas« flats. '
«ach one built vervrate and can t>e eold ;
. 6<.-parat«!> « .i--:r. .•; these Cats are }
exi^ltf in *\ cry detail and will al- I
-..«> s retaaia rented. :
•* Wr25TERN AUDITION INVESTMENT I
• •.*..«'<K»»-lU'st'» t*'A»* per year; lot nearly TO '
tt. rr.it»t by extra, latg« depth; nn<» 3-
<:.t> Iriok and steel building. .
TtTRK-ST. BUT.
; . .- ,<«;«?— S»ot f*r from Market; frame tmprov*. I
n-.»r.ts now : *plendld txie lot for rerrna-
si^ct jna.wvemer.ts m O»e> near future.
POST-FT. INVESTMENT.
i.4 ;.i««.- NVurlj 45 ft. front by a good depth
..a Port *t.. net far from Powell; a
•=; icr.aiJ »1«* Rt Xcr a good size -build*
. " GEAHT-ST. BUT.
Not far frcai Bu Fr&ncis Hotel.
$33JS4»— Fta* flze lot with building which
.could t<e rrrcodeled and made to pay •
v-rj- i'.r.'Iy; this is the cheapest plere of •
property t*ing cfTtred a.t the creseut I
v . tizrjf.
MAUKET-ST. CORKCn.
JSO.OOO— Large Jot with three frontages.
inSSION-ST. INVESTMENT.
W2.roo— S3 ieet front by 153 feet deep, en Mis-
sion et.. »ot far from Ttlrd: vre have a
t.»£*et wh» war.ts a 6-story building end I
wtU j;ay |55O per mcath rent.
4XV KN'TII-ST. CORNER.
5:p.W>_R«nt |.-e W per month: £5 ft. front
• .-.*. two buUfiings; steailUy rented.
'. WABHINGTON-ST. CO1WER.
$2*Cto^-a*ata |1S> rer month; Crst-c!asa ta«
--.veatsu; cxce*£lc«ly well built.
. . - JACKBON-BT. FLATS.
r-'f : < — Rents *J37 ISO rer mocth; three first-
claas Cats In the test retllenoe locality;
wm always rent.
LAIlKtN-ST. CORNER.
r ::-, JiO— Rents S125 zxr tncr.th; let 27:9x12^:
. three rew flats irlth j«rt of lot sUU va- .
• ¦*«•. tbax ean be built en and tn&da to
•pay even better. ; -¦.-.•¦ ¦
EACRAJISSTO-BT. FXUT3L
|16,«»v— Henta f 140; three v»w-.. flat*. : north
stSe of ETfr:; all "latest, improvements.'.
LEA V KN W ORTH-ET. CORNER, . : . ' :V
f 15. 000 — Rer.t* $133 f-0 r«r znoctb; very good
-.-. ."5-Etory ' an1 -basement builala«::.'.two
*. etore»' below »nd flats abovp,- ar.4 i-Blso"
/ ¦• good 2-story ballSine -on, another mala
street; this Is t. fiae tray Jorl steady
.. reau. ..,-. ;_ ' .'''¦:':¦:¦¦.:¦;¦ :':'. -"• ii^-v ¦ ',* :
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS. . •¦•':'"
NO. » MONTGOMERY ST.
* -— -— - * I
KEARNT-ST. STORE
TO LEASE, j
A FINE LARGE STORE ON
K.EARNT ST., BETWEEN
POST AND SUTTER STS.
APPLY TO A. J. RICH & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
112 MONTGOMERY ST.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; larre lots.
4 room* — $2900.
G room*— eSTSO.
. & room* — $."500.
. 9 rooir.5 — $'1000.
7 rooms — $4100.
6 rooms — (4U00.
Located en' Firet and Second ave., bet.
Geary and McAllister Ft. cars i.nd one block
north of rark. F. NELSON, builder.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
6 r.~ and bath; sunny, modern and up to
date in every particular; Nos. 9C6 and 968
Clayton et.. near Golden Gate Park; price
I5;C0 ana $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
& SON'S. 114 Moctgcmery et.
M5&00— COTTAGE. 4 rooms. 623 Moultrie «t.,
mcFt be sold to settle estate: also cottage,
4 r. and b.. 135 Nevada ave., $100 down. bal.
tons*. P.. COFFIN' fc CO.. 3303 Mission St.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost irr.prov. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. C">c ke r building.
HOT'FE and let; S022 Pierce *t-. near Union;
$3r.Q0. Apr'.y en premises; must sell. -.,;¦ , i
FIXE Income flats on Fulton, nr. City Hall;
rf&Fpr.iiblf. Inquire 142 Fulton et.. owner.
REAL ESTATE— -Country— For Sale.
$400. $200 DOWN— ~™~" ~ ""
10 acres of choice berry land in Sacr&mento
Co.. close to school and In pood neighbor-
hood;
SSOO, $400 down — 20 acres alfalfa land un-
der rood ditch. Eacramento County.
For rent — Improved grain and dairy
ranches in Ean Jo&quln and Sacr&mento
Ccuctle*.
For sale cheap — Fine home in city of
Fanta Cruz.
QUIGGLE. 723 Market et., care Whitaker &
Ray Co.. 9 to 10 a. in., 4 to 5 p. sn., or ad-
dress box 15. Gait.
IN St. Helena — 9 acres choice land. 8-roora
bouse, wise cellar and improvements; 1000
vines and seme orchard; price $2500. Apply
to 6. MIDDLEMAS. 413 Front st.
flO A MONTH buys a ten-acre farm twelve
miles from Sacramento; write for booklet;
it's free. WRIGHT & KIMBKOUGH. COS
3 St., Sacr&mento, California.
TF yon w&nt a stock ranch, dairy or coloniza-
tion tract, write CHAS. W. COB & CO.. 4e
Wert Sarta ct.. Ean Jose. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market et.
FOR poultry and dairy r&nches yielding a rood
profit. HAMILTON ft KENDRICK. Petal urns.
POIST RICH3IOXD RE.iL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and barr&Sns: all tracts;
. map* rbotoe. *te.' BELL. 417 Parrott bid*.
ntniccLnr heal estate.
$10,000— a GENTLEMAN'S home near the new
Country Club grounds.
Fine house of 16 rooms, larre stables, etc.;
Z\~t acrrs of iand; worth seeing.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
Berkeley rtation.
FOR exchangre — N'lce house of 5 rooms and
bath; lot &Oxl3S; eunny side of street; ptr«-et
¦w. -* all done; value {2Ti00; mortgage $1500;
will take country property for equity.
JOR. J. &IASON. Real Estate, Berkeley
station.
J. J. MASON. ~
u-t: Estate and Insoraaee Agent.
CtcK* Prcperty a Epeclaltr.
EE. cor. Shattuck ave. and Center at.
R»rKeli-y. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLA.VU aCAL ESTATE.
f2500_CO*sSSRTABLE cotUge. with bay-
window and high basement; lot 140 feet
""TSiv, a^- "i 1 " 5 * fc * rn - «ravel driveway; nice
neighborhood; street work all dose; above
1 " av *-: terms if you like. GDO. W.
g™. «¦ J- E- MTERS. 1002 Broadway;
I51PR0VED Oakland property to exchange for
. lets tn Oakland or Ean Francisco ot land not
far from Oakland, p c LASSFK * rn
Mf. * m Tfpth gt - Oak '«"d. cil. CO '
fine flats; gt»<l location: rent $50 pTr
month: price only ti7m. p r lascfv jL
CO.. 4M Tenth ft.. Oakland. Cal
Modem house. » rms.; .table; Mason & HamUa
jarran. B>forf 12 m.. 4~! Orange st.. Oakland.
OAKLASD FCR5ITCBB FOR SALE.
TO-MORS^V^hT^aTfoT'blrgTlns in Vur^
ture. U. Schellhaas, llth et.cor.6tore,0aklnd.
AJna^yyj^EH^ojj^s^
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72S-
731 Howard St.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCK-RODOLl'H Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post ¦ and Po wit it*. : tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S St';rag»— Furniture and merchan-
dise. .333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
* Mission st ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfnss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Ft 11 more st.; phone Jackson 2»1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
. ft.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut ratea.
A~LARGE V IlgMeT'tesemenTto Ye t.
Howard st. or 201 Fourth.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. .
The following marriage licenses were Issued'
yesterday*
Edward C. -Mausshardt, 28, 623 Fell street,
and Mae A. Janlt*. ' 22. Portland, Or.
1 Charles. D. Rleger, 31, 676 Fulton street,. and
Elgrid H. Lagerberg. 23. city.
Louis. Mebus. ' 27. 458 Turk street, and -Fan-
nie M. Henry. 21, 458 Turk street. ...
Charles A. Doyle. .40, 0G9 Mission street, and
Teresa M. Kamlah. 28, Seattle. Wash. V.. : '.. ;
B1RTHSJMABR1A6ES-DEATHS;1
-.'. Uirth, marriaKe and death' bs'ices sent" t>y.
rnall will rot be l»»ertf!«l.-Thevn»ust t».lu»T«led;
in ' »f either of the publication C?flcea and I be
Indorsed with the name. and rewfier-t* t>£ per-
¦oni authorised, to luive the sarne puV4»h*d. -...-
"'- ¦;/>'• - - ;•- ' ' ' •- &¦! ; S'So -" : * '%
DI NOLA~In this city, ¦ October 30, j»ftj< to
the wife cf Xeon <dl N'ola, . a. daurhter. .
wrwaAMS— In this city. iOctofcer 85. ii*03, to
the wife of W. H. WliUamH. Jr,.?a daughter.
"~ •" ¦ -'- : "'-• 1^ i"KRTVip;-:''&:' ± ...,^ •¦'•
DAVIDSON— ABRAHAMS— la New Totlfc 6c-
tcber 27, 1903, by the llev. Orosaman, Da,v«
V M: Davidson of San Francisco and Ell*
¦-':Abrahams of SfawYork. v : ¦¦¦¦'.:'¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ ..¦ ."
GOODMAN— TRIJON— In IjO* Angeles,; Octo-
ber 29, 1903. Th«odar»' Goodman and Zola
IL Triton. both'Oj Ban Francisco.
HAURRICir— SILVA— In XJadea. Cal., by th«
Rev. , Father. ' Cooper, -¦ Benjamin W. : llau- i
trtch ofean FranMsco anl MatlWa Sllya of
¦ -¦¦' Pan Bruno. CaV ' -¦-: \ -V;;y : ' : - '¦'¦'•¦¦<
~ ' : : .: 7: ;¦ .^¦.¦.pjJp^;^ i -- > -.,,.-.. ¦¦-- -.-,
Ahern. Jeremiah^^^ ;"'* I«reeni : Emtr B. '' •
Aymar.. Nancy ; . ;; : McTamney, Mary r. ;
: . Bnell. lUnry n. Maskall, Margaret •
Bowen, Caroline A. Mer*. Gottlieb ;
Braden, Oliver 1 J. - Mooney, [ Thomas A. ;
Carlson, August : ; ? Morehouw. Wm. P.
Fltsgerald. wm. Morton. Margaret 8.
Fries*; Mary M. ¦:•:...- -" . Alostohlnich, Anna ;¦-
: '.'• €>.Tdon. Thomas : • . Packard, l%*rle> •. • :
Hage, Minna ;. Parson* ttnfant) ;
Hanly, Annie F. : : ;> Richmcnd, 3>tary •-¦'
• Harveyi A; W. . Smith, pavW a. ; r
Jlerliehy, Cathtrin* :, Fverdrup. Christine
. Jercxne.i Edith JJ.»;v> :TU»toj», Paul J.
.: Johansen, Julius : '.;.-r::.\\Vanbn, : : ; .Mr». r :;J»n» " :
!.'-:v^ohn«pn.'-' : H«inah.-'.\.v>lWeIcli^:-''.Margaret:Q.' ; :.
1 ...'¦Kelly.-MaryV:-. ¦;.:;;•.?•¦.••.¦•¦: : .VThUe, .George '.- : ¦". : "
:— -.•.Krea>,vCniil Jiy. : v.-Y _ •• '-'•¦':y:.''-":'-.-..' v '"-,' ¦'''^',' 1 '-
iAHSnK^ih/'tn'liieity,- October. -SO. 1903., Jere-
"mlah,-:dearly: beloved .husfcard of Mary'J.-.
.- 'Ahern; -"and beloved father. ..ot Nellie, John;-
I ¦' Agnes Vanl"' Gertrude '' Ahern,*'.- a native o»-
. .C9iintyV-C«rlt.-'.'.Xreland,v. aced': 61- -yearaV.*.
. m6nth»""a»d-.IO:<lays-*.-' •.-.¦¦;¦.•'.' : ;•-.-.': '•*•"•%
¦'tCTPrlende and acqualntancea are respect-"
fully lnvltfil to attend the funeral Monday,'
November ?. I»03. at 8:30 o'clock, from his
late residence, 235^ Oak street, thence ta
. Sacred ' Heart Church, where a solemn r«»
qulem high mass will be celebrated for the
repoee of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
AYMAR — In Freestone, Cal., October 23, 1903,
Nancy, beloved wife of the late Carles Ay-
mar, mother of Ethel Miller and George
Aymar, and sister of Mrs. ' M. E. Titus ot
Freestone, Cal., a native of Illinois.
BOELL— In Berkeley. October 29. 1903. Henry
George, .'dearly beloved husband of Julia
Boell. father of Mariana Boell. beloved son
of Mrs. Boell and the late Charles Boell, and
brother of Edward. Charles, Frank and Ber-
tie Boell. a native of San FrancLsco, aged
82 years.
(OTFriends end acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
E. Castagnetto & Co., C43-645 Vallejo street.
between Stockton street and Montgomery
avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery..
BOWES — In this city. October 30, 1903, Caro-
lina A. Bowes, dearly beloved mother of Ed-
ward J. Bowes, Mrs. F. F. Doran. Mrs.
Ernest Brandenburg and Mrs. G. W. Jordan,
a native of Ennlsklllen. County- Fermanagh,
Ireland:
C?"Frleni1s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
November 2, '.from her late residence, 2933
Jackson street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
BRADEN — In Alameda. October 80, 1003,
Oliver J., beloved husband of Lizzie Braden,
a native of San Francisco, aged 50 years and
2 months.
(C7"Krieixds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, November 1, 1903, at 2 o'clock, at
his late residence. 633 Taylor avenue.
CARLSON— In this city, October 29, 1903, Au ;
gust, beloved husband of Pattle Carleon,
and stepfather of Mrs. W. E. Henry, Wil-
liam Beaumont and Garnet Brown, a native
of Sweden, aged 55 years 7 months and 24
days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), ct 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1215 Eleventh avenue, between H and
1 streets. Sunset District. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
FITZGERALD — In this city, October 30, 1903,
William T.. dearly beloved son of Mrs. E.
and the late William Fitzgerald, and
brother of Mrs. P. J. Lavln, a native of
Montreal, Canada, aged 44 years.
FR1ESE— In this city, October 30, 1903, Mary
Mathilda, beloved wife of Anton Frlese, a
native of Cleveland, Ohio, aged 27 years 9
months and 9 days.
tE7"Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
MIs&ion street, near Twenty-first. - Inter-
ment at Santa Rosa Sunday, November 1.
GORDON— In this city, October 29, 1903, at
St. Jo><eDh t a Home. Thomas.. Gordon, a na-
tive of Ireland, aired 61 years 1 month and
11 day?. .
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue,
.thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
avenue, - where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose, of hfs soul, com-
mencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HAGE— In this city, October 30, 1903. at the
residence of her parents, 919 Sanchez 'street,
between Twenty-second and v Twenty-third,
Minna Hase, dearly beloved daughter of
August' L. and Cleora' Heee, and sister of
Herman and Frederick Hase, a native of
. San Francisco, aged C days.
HANLY — In this city, October 27, 1903, Annie
F., .beloved wife of Thomas J. Hanly, sister
of James F. and John T. Stuart, and mother
of Thomas J., James L., Estelle and Flor-
ence Hnnly, a native of New York.
E7"Funeral from the parlors of the Califor-
nia Undertaking Company, 405 Powell street/
Saturday. October 31, at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holv Cross Cemetery'.
HARVEY— In this city, October 29, 1903, A.
W. -Harvey, a native of Nova Scotia, . aged
t'l years 6 months and 17 days. A member
of Garden City Lodge No. 142. I; O. O. F.,
,and John A. Dlx Post, G. A. R., of San
'Jose.' - ' •• -'X ¦.?"-'. , ¦•"•'.'; i '
C7Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock', from the parlors of
. Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth, and will be held under the
auspices of the Board of Relief - of the ' Odd
„ Fellows.. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery. \
HERLIEHY— In this city, October- 29,' 1903,
Catherine, wife of John Herliehy,' and mother
of John and Charles Herliehy, Mrs. George
Johnston, 'Mrs. James McAdams and 'Mrs.
Andrew Thomson, a native of Ireland, aged
73 years.
• (ETThe : funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from .her , late
residence. 2902 Twenty-third street, thence to
8C Peter's Church, where a requiem, high
mass will be celebrated for the repoee of her
«onl, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ' 1 .. .
JEROME— In this city. October 30, 1903, Edith
Merritt. beloved child of Albert and Edith
Jerome, a native of > San Francisco,' aged
2 months and 30 days.
JOHANSEN— In this city, October 29, 1903,
Julias Johansen, . a native : of Sweden; aged
41 years. A : member of <: the Pacific Coast
Waiters' - Association.' • ¦ ;¦
. EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral ¦ parlors of
Porter & White, ; 423 Golden " Gate ¦¦ avenue.
Interment ' Laurel Hill ' Cemetery. .
JOHNSON— In this city, October ¦ 30, 1003,
Hannah Johnson, beloved sister of ; Olof . and
John Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged 33
. years 8 months and 15 days.
KELLY— In this city, October 30, 1003,*. Mary,
beloved wife of : Bernard : Kelly, ¦ and mother
of Mamie, Thomas, Emma, Lillie and Claire
'Kelly, a native cf Ireland, aged 41 years
and 5 months. '
KRENZ-rln Albuquerque, NeV : Mexico, Octo-
. ber 30. ¦ 1903. Emil Jr.. beloved Bon of : Emil
and Mary Krenz. ; and brother ¦ of Herrman,'
¦ Rudolph : and the late .-.¦ Arthur - K renz ;'. and
¦ Mrs. j T. , Ness, a native of San ¦' Francisco,
aged 26 years 6 months and 19 days. .
LARSON— In' Haywards, October 9," 1903, Emil
: • Batwlg i Larson. ' beloved % husband ; of Maria
James McGinn. -'¦ • Henry. Hansen.
- , • JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly ,Wlth McGinn ' Bros.*,' ":
- —Funeral Directors and' Embalmers.-
- 214 Eddy St.: Tel. South -576. J
: OCSAS «BAVHV.
« ... . .". .•'¦^.j. r<r ',. - >~»- •¦-' ¦%• ' ¦ ••*—¦ . . » _M. . .Ki'WIi W
'-¦¦ : :~--i*XF2f<l'--^- ¦''•¦' - : 'igte»g>ers)' }ea.ve 1asl._Vt*%-
' j^ajD t J*^&± :: v tiaeo:** follcwsi -,-.-¦¦-- *,
"ffiL^'^ft ; For KetchUan* WraSgeL
ftyra«a wi Jur.f«'j, lUIr.fs. Skar**?,
(( \\B*» I I «t?.. Alisia— U a. to.. CXt
\«V: Vl^ " jfil, -: pany** rteaaers at r*ux:». ;
• VfeXiiiA *A-;-- : ¦'" *"« - ;: Vlctortai- -Vaoeoawr,
''I'XanS^Sr -. ¦ Tort Townsead.- Seattle-. ilk*
;^-r.v!7 fc : '-eonja. Kverett. Whateen*-*!!
a. ra_. Oct. Z$, Nov. 3. -Chang* at Seattle ta
this com rani's auansers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.; at Seattle cr Tacetsa. t-> N. P. I»y.: et
. VancouTtr to c. • P. Ry. - ¦¦':¦¦ ¦•:.: .-¦• " -•' :•¦ •. • .
"•; For Enreka (Humbctdt Ray)— rrm^sa, 1:39
p. ra.. Oct. 31. Nov. 6: Ctercra. 1:20 p. « .,
Oct. W. 3Cav. .3; .-••¦¦ !'¦¦». '¦ ¦-• •->
For L«s Angel** (vta> Port Lri A ititi and
R«<!enda>. San T>!»t i and Santa Caf';*;*--
Santa. Rosa. Sand*?*, ft *. m.
State of Cftlifornta. Ttraritdeya. 0 a. n.
- Fcr Ijos Ancclea «vi* San Pedro an« Cast
F*n Pedro), SantS. Battara, Santa Crue. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayncca, Pert KarforS <3an
Lu!» Obispo). Ventura aed Kucnene,
Cooe B»y, 9 ». «. , Nov. I.
Bonita. d a. tn.. Oct. 39. N<3«* u A. .
' For Ensenada. MagdaXena Slay. San Jose det
Cabo. Mazatlao. Altata. 1a Pas. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Met.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates. _
TICKET OFPICES — i New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Oct. 20. 30. Not. », 19, 29.
Dec- ». 19. 2». "George W. Elder" sails Oct.
25, Nov. 4. 14. 24, Dec 4. 14, 24. Only steam-
ship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail
line from Portland to all points East. Through
tickets to all points, all rail or steamship and
rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets In-
clude berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of
Spear st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen.
ARt. Pan. Dept., 1 Montgomery st. ; C. CLIF-
FORD, Gen. Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YOHK-SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
Phlta...Nov. T. 9:30am"N.Tork.Nov.21. 8:30 am
St.Louis.Nov.l4.9:30 an»ISt.Paul.Xov.28.9:30 am
ATLANTIC TBAIfSPOBT UJHE.
New Xork — London Street. -
Mesaba..Nov. 7. 9 am|Mln'p©lls.Nov. 21. 7 am
M'n't'a.Nov.l4,l:3O pmiMinne'ha.Nov. 28, noon
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Boston — Qneenstowa — Liverpool.
Mayflower Nov. 5 Columbus Nov. 13
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Southwark Nov. 7 Canada Dec. 6
Kensington .... Nov. 29 Southwark Dec. 20
Bo* 100 Mediterranean *>*««
AZORES-CIBKALTAR-NAPLES— GENOA.
Vancouver Sat.. Nor. 21
BED STAR T.T3TE.
ITew York — Antwerp — Parl».
Finrd.Nov. 7. 10:30 am;Kr'nld.Nov.21.1O:3O an*
Vad 1 ld.N0T.14,10:30 amlZeel'd.Nov.28, 10:30 am
WHITE STAB LINE.
New York— Queeastown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Cedrlc.Nov. 4, 3:30 pm(Armenian.Nov. 17, 3 pra
MaJestlcNov. 11^ noon 'Oceanic. Nov. 18. 3 am
Celtic Nov. 13. noon I Cymric. NOv. 20. 6 am
Boston— Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Cretic..... Dec 10. Feb. 11
Cymric Dec. 24, Jan. 28, Feb. 23
boston Mediterranean sebvice.
Azores, QiDraltar, r:aples, Genoa.
ROMANIC Dec 3. Jan. 16. Feb. 27
REPUBLIC (new).. '..Jan. 2. Feb. 13. Mar. 29
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 13
CD. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
IttT^CulERS. MAP3EILLES. CfNOOti I
LgNAPvea c^ >u " pc^_ plit^- ECYPT -»|
ROMANIC. Dec 8, Jan. 19, Feb. 27. Apl. 9
REPUBLIC (new), Jan. 2. Fab. 13, Mar. 28
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 12
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest in Medi-
terranean service. •••'•¦.
. First class. $73 and ISO upward, according
' to date of sailing.
Boston to Liverpool Q-eeStown
CRETIC...'...... .Dec. 10. Feb. 11
CTMRIC Dec 24. Jan. 28. Feb. 23
First class. $65 upward. For plans, etc..
address
WHITE STAR LINEv 77-81 State St..
Boston, or to C. D.' TAYLOR. 21 Post st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
-(ORIENTAL, STEAMSHIP Co!)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe <HIog,>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU *.
...Tuesday. November 10. 1903
S. 8. HONGKONG UARU. .
... "..... ;...... ~. .Thursday. December 3, 1903
S. a NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila)
............Wednesday. December 30. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 42a Market stree». corner First;
. . W. H. AVERY. General Agent. '
oceaDics.s.co,ss«
8. B. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Nov. 7, 11 a.nu
S. 8. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Nov. 19, 2 p. -m.
8. 8.- MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. " Dec 1. 11a.m.
4l.t?I£nRS4R81.« n l5^.,TxtBl8nJo,S4Jliraa
fn^t80o.l23 BuiitiunsrbL I.ftd&IL
COUP A85EE 0SKS2ALE TRAKSATLAHTIQUt,
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. Jm^m^
Sailing every Thursday instead ot BM>
Saturday.' at 10 a.m.. from Pier 42. ««HMBE*t
North" River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
! Agents. 3. Montgomery avenue.. San Francisco.
' Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket . Agents.
Mara Island and Valla jo Steamer*.'
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE ofMdNTICELLO—
8:45 a. m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:43 a. m., S:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m... 12:30 noon, ft p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. .7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cents. Tel.
Main 15W. Pier 2, Mlselon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS, v .^
Louisa Larson, " and "father , ot ? H. Ida >Elsi
and Roy Larson,.' a. : naUTi».je*4a»t.enburg. 1
Bweden, aged' 38" years' : l,maa!h;and'. 8 days.
McTAMNEY*— In-; this " city.TCVtCber? 28, ; : 1903.
Mary -McTamney, beloved m •¦th*"-^ > - {, Joseph
McTamney. Mrs.i Rebecca. Hutef.naon.. Mrs.
L. T. Plant and Mrs;- A:'; M.\V*«;!e, a; na-
tive of Ireland, aged 67 years a/iS;10 oionths.
• ETTrieudp-and acciualntan«» ' are respect-
fully invited to -attend 'the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at • 8 :30 ' o'clock,' -, t rom her ' late
residence,. 441 -Minna •street,, thence -'to St.
Patrick's Church; where a requiem high
mass will" be celebTated for, tho repose of her
• soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.- ¦• Interment
Holy Crts^ Cemetery, by; carriage. • ;
MASKALL-*Jn- this .city, October 29, 1903,
1 Margaret, beloved wife of John Maekall. a
native of, Chicago, 111., • aged 31 years 2
months and 2 days. ¦--<,.¦¦ .
MERZ— In Fmltvale, at the German . Alten-
helm, October 30, 1903," Gottlieb Merz, a na-
tlve of Germany, aged : 82 years.. 6. months,
and 14 days. ' '-¦.-',' ; :-
Q7Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to ¦ attend ' the ' funeral services
to-day (Saturday); at. 2 o'clock, at. the Ger-
man -Altenheim, Ftultvale. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. .';.:.': ¦¦:.•.
MOONEY— In this ' city, October 28, 1903,
Thomas A. Mooney. beloved »on of • J. V B.
. and' Margaret ' J. • Mooney, ¦ and brother.'- of
Mrs. Helen Robertson, -Mrs.., John- Herrett,"
Lady . Shol to ¦ Douglas s and ' J. C. . and I A. J.
iMo'oney, a .native of -Pennsylvania,, aged 32
years. 2 months and: 30. Cays. ' •-.
CTTriendsa'nd acnaalntances are respect-
: fully Invited to r attend . the ; funeral to-day,
•': (Saturday), 'at -8 o'cldck, from 429 ! Tenth
• : street.' San ¦ Fr'anciacp, . thence to the Church
': oi^-the -Vlrnmaculate -ConceDtlon. .Oakland,
;wlier» •"¦» ' iii!rn& requiem ' mass : trill : tie cele-
;..ii:tmtt?l«'«* - ; :the':' repo»« = .of ¦ h!« ; : : «oui;\e»t<;XP
o'clock.: Ifturment .St ": Umnfu Ctmttnyt;.
- Oakland. . ' ' .'V -.. -
MOREHOUBE— In thi* <ltr. Oetobtr;«0t:-lP(».
V'UUftm 1>. ilerehouse, btloTed buibaai ot
f, .iinrritt M /Aiorehguie, •¦•;«aa fathtr^ ¦¦vt?Mn*\
. WI3:. r s i7i ; Stein. . a afctlv* of MastKChUietU,
a»red"80 »»*« 2.;mo&U» aflft 3tiaay»;.-<.-'^.>;
:; - "- crrNotict'ot fuBeyal: herefctter,^-...;. . .- ¦ •-...•¦
Mostahini'^H— Trt" A«itHa,;.-X6ni.'»lei->Oeto^;
.,Vt 8. 19(o. Aan»;-t»toye4f ytUe ct the-Ute
. -Ma- >• »Je«tnhln!clj,- nibthtr Ot G*arge Lut»
and Anna Mc*tahinieh,-'; and; iov.ls* : «TSJa>
mother of GeorRe and Catherine rM«rtahla|ch,
a native of Dslmatl*;; «««4 88 years. :^
JtORTON—In Oakland, Cfctolar-; .3ol" = : iB09i-:»t
W« Twenty- se\ ent« etr««t.- Margaret e«rena
' : Morton, sister of Mrs. E. Chatman and Jul!»
,: L.. Charles li. and Wllli.m JNf. . Morton, . a
native of Hamilton. Ontario. ¦ %-; ; "o ••-.;-.•.'.».. .
PACKARD— In Vacavllle. C«I. October' 2f{
1903, Charles IMokard. a native of Hartford.
'Co&il, aged 71 years li rnonths and 19 dsys.
PARSONS-In thU City;; October MMVB. In-
v t ant son of Alfred *an4 Kate Parsons, % aa>
/::::tiveiof.:8aavFraneIs«a.^/?^ .;. -'^.s '¦¦ ;.;¦¦..-;.;.;.,
1WPHMONJ*— In this city. October 29, 190$,
.Mary, 'eldest daughter of Georr* It. and Jo-.
hanna. Xttchm«nd. and sister of Sadie . and
-Belle RlcJuttona. a native cf Can franclfco.
°° : • £7Th» : funeral xtill take pjac« tp-morroir
¦{Sunday), at 9:30 o' clock, f torn ib» funtljr.
ttsiiienc*, 40 Stanley plftle. Interment Hotf
Cemetertv Pleasa cmit.0o»er« e "i:. ; X"> -'i
CMITII -Tt. this, city, October; So, lQtKI; r»vJS
Alexander, beloted iius*o?»4 ot 3filli«a SmitM,
;v*n<l: fath*r-of WJHIam B an«.;-JatBe« It.
'¦¦i :'V £ rolth and Mrs. J? \**u Dyke, a nattv* of j
;vjfew Yo.-H, si£t& 61 }?.¦»« 8 month*. -anf 331
•'•iJaJrs. (NeWVorh «8i New Brunswlcfc .Mptje j
:-':.':.slea«5.€Jwr.) ':;•.:.;:.''¦¦••-. -¦¦-:; ¦ ' ¦-
: ?..- .KrFrleJlde onl ftc<itis.!ntatii.r» are respect-
i .> fully •Invited; to : attend, tho fuuti^?. to-day
! ' T .«»atapJay>. : at 1 o'clock," Jrotn the late resi-
i "'. dence, - 2729 Twentysecond aireet. Inter-
I -:-.nient Ci-press Lawn • Cemetery.
• fiVBRDRUPArln Nome. 'Alaska. October 16,
'rAW!, Chrtstlne.- beloved t»1f» of I. Berner
:'.v tsvt-tdrurv -end '.. elster «{-Mr», s. Blljan, a
; native cj Jforway. aged 42 years.
:V. ; " C7Funeral services will tabs place at the \
¦¦ : .- ; chapel • of Mount Olivet Cemcttry to-morrow
':¦ . (Sunday), at 2 o'clock. Frteada are tnvlted •
'.-'.¦ to attend. Remains, at tlia r>ariore of Craig,
> ;: Cochran & Co., 429 Golden Oate avenue, be*
' tween. Polk and Larkln streets. : : „ '
TUSTON— In Peorla, III., October 24, 1903, i
Paul J. Tuston, beloved son of Fernando arid
Mary Tuston, ¦ and brother of Mrs. J. Jord-
hay, Mrs. C. Straadberg, Mrs. H." Hughes
and George Tuston, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged SO years 9 months and 1 day,
C7 Remains Sunday at Golden Gate Under-
tklng Company's, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty- first.
WALTON— In this city, October 80, 1903, Mrs.
Jane J. Walton, beloved wife of Thomas T.
Walton, mother of Kvelin, Ethel and Clar-
ence Walton, and sister of Mrs. E. H. Baun-
ders, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 43 years
4 months and 15 days. -
B7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
WELCH— In this city, October 2S, 1903, Mar-
garet Glvnn Welch, relict of the late Gar-
rett Welch, and mother of John CV, Garrett.
Pilchard J. and Martraret Welch, Mrs. John
Madden, Mrs. William Taylor and the late
. James Welch, a native of . County Claire,
Ireland. i
. C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at t) o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 89S Twenty-second ,• street, thence to
SU Teresa's Church, • -where a, requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the ; repose of
- her soul, commencing at 9 :30 o'clock. .In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. * /
WHITE— In thla city. * October - 80. 1903,
George White,' a native of Ireland, aged 73
years 11 months and 30 days.
¦ E7 Remains at the funeral' parlors of
James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy street. No-
tice of funeral hereafter. ' ¦ ~FAIR MAIDS WHO DANCED AT
ENTRE NOUS COTILLON LAST
NIGHT- AT THE PALACE.
Pueh your goods by means of good . printing.
Our ; printing * sells "gwods.' ', Sly sell-Rollins, 1 22
Clay, the up-to-date printer*. Phone Main &0S1*
From San* Francisco— F. O. Herron, at
the Imperial ; G. ' M. Kyler, at \ the Grand
Union; Mrs. G. Myers/ Miss ', P. Sanders,
at the Gllsey ; Dr. A. Sanderson, , at - the
Park Avenue; W.,F. Pierce, at the Im
perial; R. A. Young, at. the. Navarre.
. From IjOb Angeles— A. . J. . Hamilton, at
the Broadway Central; . H. " D.V Miller, 'G.
D. Slsson, at the 'St.', Denis; Mrs.'B. Cros-
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— The : following
Califomians have arrived :
Califomians in New.York.
Professor H. R> .Wiley; of -the ; Univer
sity of California gave an ;. interesting
lecture last : evening^ to " the members " of
the Fourth Church;'' Pro
fessor Wiley used, as his subject "Mex
ico," . where «he ; has lived, for, some; timef
The . lecture, was \ illustrated "by i stereop
tlcon pictures/; showing the. nature of. the
country and the people of Mexico. /After
the .': address " the ? ladies of * the'; Sunday,
school . served \ refreshments ! and * songs
were sung. ' ; ' : '¦'¦":¦
_ectures on Mexico.
Pattosiexx's Answer.
Which carpets are printed— which are
not? — see page 9. ¦ . • ¦
Former Senator R. F. 'PettlgTew of
South Dakota, who has. been traveling
through . the Southwest, arrived at ; the
Palace last night.";*
Jacques Faure of Peking, a representa
tive* of the Trans-Siberian Railroad, ar
rived from Europe yesterday and Is reg
istered at the Palace. . ../..-•
George Eade, general superintendent of
a big tourist company ln New York, Is
at the Palace. - , % . .'
James B. Treadwell, a mining man of
Nevada City, is at the Lick.
Fish Commissioner .W. E. Gerber of
Sacramento is at the Palace.' .
PERSONAL MENTION.
William T. Morehouse, one. of the oldest
surviving members of the San Franciico
Police Department, "passed away suddeffly
at his home, 2601 Sacramento street, last
night of ' heart disease. Mr. Morehous»
was in good health up to the time. he. was
stricken . with the fatal malady. No ar
rangements have as yet been made for
the funeral.' - • . '¦ ;<«:."
Morehouse was one of the most. familiar
figures on the streets of this city. He be
came a member of the Police Department
more than 'forty years ago- atid- was 'in
active service up to a few 1 years -ago,
when he was retired on. a pension,. being
nearly SO years old at the, time. ."';.
For a number of years Morehouse was
stationed at the corner cf ; Kearny , and
Sutter . streets and he became known: to
every one - who .passed - along those .two<
streets. He was very popular . and was
noted for his gallant manner and cheerful
disposition.. ' He, was a great favorite at,
the Central police station, with both' his'
fellow officers < and | his ' superiors and the
news of his death will come as a shock to.
thousands who knew and honored him.
William T. Morehouse, One "of the
Oldest Retired Bluecoats, a Vic-, |
tim of HeaTt Disease. v
VETERAN POLICE OFFICER ;;;?;«.
PASSES AWAY SUDDENLY
A fashionable crowd of guests of the
Camera Club was entertained at the
clubrooms last night by Otis A. Poole,
who showed some exceedingly clever col
ored elides from the Camera clubs of New
Britain. Portland. Me.. Buffalo and
Rochester. N. Y. The selected subject
from the slides, received from Rochester,
was "Japan." There was singing and
later a reception by the entertainment
committee of the club.
Camera Club Entertains.
JACOB FPPLNGEB, MUST
ANSWER TWO QUESTIONS
United States District Judge de
Haven Decides Partly In Favor
? of the Hef eTee.
Some weeks ago Jacob Eppinger of the
bankrupt firm of Eppinger & Co. was
asked by Referee Green four questions,
which he declined to answer on the
ground that his answers might tend
to criminate him. Judge de llaven
handed down an opinion yesterday sus
taining the ruling of the referee as to two
"of the questions and reversing his ruling
as to the other two..
/The following are the questions:
1. Who attended to the financial part of
the businees?v
2. Who, If ¦ any one of the firm, had charge
of the financial department of the business?
3. ' la the firm interested ln a warehouse
business? •
4. Was there any one interested in the stock
of the Pacific Coast Warehouse Company other
than the member* of the firm of Ep
plnrcr.& Co.?
Judge de Haven said:
The flrst t\vo questions ruled upon by the
referee do not seem to be very material, but
I am unable to - perc«lve ¦ how answers thereto
would tend to criminate the witness. In re
lation to questions 3 and 4 the ruling of the
referee should be sustained: ' .
The ruling of the. referee ln sustaining th«
objections to questions 1 and 2 Is reversed, and
his rullnc sustaining: the objections to ques
tions 3 and 4 la affirmed. v *
NEWSPAPER CARRIERS ABE
CLASSED AS EMPLOYERS
President Gompers Decides That They,
Cannot Enter the Ranks of
the Toilers.
The San Francisco Labor Council has a
communication from President Gompers
of the American Federation of Labor. In
which he decides that newspaper carriers
are employers and as such are not eligible
to . membership in the labor unions. The
question has been before the local branch
of the Labor. Council for many months
and after much discussion it was decided
to refer it to { Gompers.
Gompers has . also decided that the
newsboys are laborers and that they. will
be eligible to - membership in the Labor
councils throughout the country and
should receive the support of the " labor
leaders. Gompers ruled, too, that the
junk dealers are in the same class with
the newspaper carriers and that they will
not be allowed to enter, the Labor Council.
The various photographic workers In the
city, have decided. to form a union and
their ? delegates will be received at the
headquarters of the council." Henry Thle
ler. secretary of the Woodworkers*. Union,
announces that the union did not Issue an
order requesting, its members 'to vote for
any one candidate for the office of Mayor.
'• IMso's Cure for Consumption has cured coughs
for forty years. , It is still on the market. •
Bushnell Held for Murder.
William Henry ~ Bushnell was held to
answer^ before the Superior Court by Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday "on a charge of
murder. ' He is accused of having thrown
a lighted lamp at his wife at their home,
214 Seventh avenue, on the night of Sep
tember 11 and she was so severely, burned
that' she . died » on : October 8. As . the evi
dence was t conflicting I the Judge thought
he was entitled '. to ¦ ball,' and * fixed . his
bonds in 110,000. ' . , •» • '•-
The annual November festival of the
San Francisco Grutli Vereln will be held
at the Turk-street Turner Hall on Sun
day, 8. instead of November
1 as previously, stated. The members of
the singing will render the Ger
man farce entitled "A Small Swindle."
There will also be a musical programme
under the direction of Professor Hoff
mann.
Grutli : Verein's Festival.
Members and Friends Entertained
With Boxing Bouts and Other
Athletic Stunts.
The members and invited guests of the
Hayes Valley Athletic Club, numbering
several hundred in all, gathered at the
new clubrooms of the organization, La
guna street and Ivy avenue, last night to
take part in the first annual' high Jinks
of the club. The affair was a decided
success in every particular .- and . the in
vited guests were loud in their praises of
the management for the evening's enter
tainment." . ' .
The night, was devoted to. boxing and
other athletic sports. Many , well-known
members of the professional fraternity
appeared, Including Eddie -Hanlon: and
Harry Foleyf In all there were twenty
spirited boxing bouts. As soon as one
pair of boxers would finish two... more
lads would take their places,- so the sport
was kept up without Intermission. .
Special Officer . Gould, marshal of the
club, was presented with a fine Panama
hat as a token, of esteem by his . many
friends. He was called - upon to make a
speech, and while he was -thus engaged
some one took the hat as a joke and the,
offended official went around the gym
nasium threatening to make a rough
house unless the headgear was restored.
He finally "got it back.
After the entertainment refreshments
were served.
HAYES VALLEY CLUB
GIVES A HIGH JINKS
The figures ;, were carried . through . with
out a flaw, and many, ; pretty; effects', were
produced. Particularly was this true" of
the "flags ,of all nations" figure. "
Miss Edna Mohr was quite the daintiest
maid on the floor in a ? gown;6f point
d'esprlt, trimmed with .white satin, , rib.
bons and pearls. ?, ... . •":/>
v Misa May Smith, who had the distinc
tion of leading the. flrst set, looked*charmi
Ing in a white lace gown over white chif
fon, - ; which .; was cut - admirably to her
svelte figure..
.Miss Fraaerwore a pretty frock of prim
rose silk fashioned in folds. .
Miss Lillian Lubben, who was attired ln
a beautiful gown of spangled Jace over
white satin, outlined • with white ; {crush
roses. In her. hair she wore a -pompon of
white tulle. / . » " .
Miss Belle Herzer looked charming in a
black frock' heavily Jetted. • t
Miss Doris Heuer wore' a chic gown of
blue • crepe de chlne v ; , ,- ..
An innovation ' that -brought Joy to the
hearts of the dancers was the relegation
of on-lookcrs, except chaperones," to the
reception-room, for it is the choicest
nooks In the ballroom that- the non
dancers invariably appropriate, to the un
pleasant exclusion of the dancers.
• The cotillon was led by. Sanford G. Ler
wald, assisted by his partner, Miss May
Smith. Five figures were introduced—
Maltese cross,, flags, of all nations, letter
Z, grand march' and the basket. The
beauty of figures "was accentuated by tiie
nation's colors.', 1 The .following' partici
pated ln the leading set: Misses Virginia
M. Potter, Emma Planz,* Gertrude Hent
zig, Lucy Priber, ' Susie^ ;Logan, | Edna
Mohr, Lillian Lubben,* Evelyn Sresovlch,
Marie Adam, Belle Herzer,' Virginia Ry
der, Marion Whltehcad, May Fraser, Car
rie Baker, Viola Bruckman, Juliet Grass,
Alma Diel, Edna Thode, Doris Heuer,
Pearl C: Haas; Barbara ' McClure, Mae
Gladding, Jennie E. Sherman, Cora Scott,
Mabel Fraser,' Maud ! .Wilson, .Virginia
Matthews, '• Edna Wichman;
Wegener and Dora Joost; Herman -H.
Herzer, Dr. T.'.E. Moore, Edward W. Gor
don, Roy S. White, George C. Evans, Dr.
Joseph F. Meagher, David B. ToVres, Ar
thur D. Fraser, Percy C. Wlndham, 'Wil
liam J. Watson, George H. Jesseri," Beach
Dean, John T. Nourse, George- S. Gould,
George G. Fraser, David F. r Selby. Her
man C. Sagehorn, , Arthur H.Meussdorffer,
Philip Edgar, Acton Haven, Dr. A^ Wood
Baker, James T, Ludlow, J. L. Fallon;
James A. Keller, W. Beach Gray, Philip'
Heuer, Percy Harderjbergh;, Walter H.
Rqbinson, M. J. Ta«sey,' Harry G. Beck
wlth. : David W. Wise and Fred W. Bur
gess. / - . . - .
The second cotillon will be given on
Tuesday evening, November 24. ' ' "
Among the stunningly gowned maids
were:'/ 1 '• ; *;: ¦',' .' -
Miss Virginia Potter, who ¦ wore < a trig
gown of white satin, daintily \ trimmed
with ribbon. : - .
waved beckonlngly ln shady nooks
and a miniature forest cunningly hid the
makers of the music.
The Entre Nous has grown almost to
adult age in its successful career, this be
ing the fourteenth season that the mem
bers have assembled for thefr winter's
amusement. t .
Entre Nous cotillon of last
I night was danced in the . Maple
II room of the Palace under a bril^
**• liant canopy of lights. Palms
A delightful entertainment was given
last nlght/at the South Park Settlement
to a large and appreciative attendance.
One of the main features on the pro
gramme was the Illustrated lecture on
"Gerome, the French Artist," by Miss
Lucile Eaves. The Gerome pictures
shown on the screen by Miss Eaves came
in for much appreciation. Miss Eaves'
lecture was not alone Interesting, but In
structive and full of Information concern-
Ing the artist and his work. Some very
pleasing vocal numbers were rendered by
members of the Cosmopolls Club.
Miss Eaves' Interesting Lecture.
Mr. McCoy said that ail they asked
was the support of citizens In maintain
ing the course of lectures and the musical
and high-class entertainments which the
association provides for the young men
of the city. He dwelt particularly on
the many temptations that abound in the
city. On the other hand the doors of the
Young Men's Christian Association, he'
said, were open .and offering entertain
ment ln the evenings that would later in
life be of strong benefit to the young
men who take the opportunity the asso
ciation gives them to improve and pass
their leisure in a manner that is ele
vating.
An illustrated lecture will be given to
night at the association by the Rev.
Charles A. Payne.
James N. Hatch, superintendent af con
struction of United States public build-
Ings, delivered an instructive illustrated
lecture at the Young Men's Christian As
sociation last night entitled "Iron Ore
From Mine to Furnace." There was a
large attendance of the members of the
association and many adults were pres
ent to gain practical knowledge from the
expert lecturer. Mr. Hatch was warmly
applauded at the conclusion of the lec
ture, and during the evening General
Manager McCoy delivered a few words
to the audience, in which he spoke of the
educational and entertaining work which
was going on at the association every
night.
Describes Course of Iron Ore From
Time It Leaves Mine to Time It
Beaches Furnace.
JAMES N. HATCH GIVES
AN INSTRUCTIVE IiECTTTBE
: We recommend A. P Hotallng"s Old
Kirk as a straight blend of the very best
Kentucky whiskies, unadulterated and
guaranteed to be the purest whisky on
the Pacific Coast. It has been matured
in heated warehouses, and is novr ready
L.Vjf m - r H e , t - An y P«"on who buys
a bottle of this rare old goods will not
be paying for fence ads or dead walls,
and he will secure absolutely the finest
brand ever Introduced in California. •
A Whisky Well Matured by Modern
Scientific Methods.
A. P. HOTALTS-CPS OLD KIRK.
Mr. Franko played again the "Airs
Russes" of Wieniawskl, and with the oth
er orchestral numbers "Mignon" overture,
"Lohengrin" prelude and "Introduction"
of the third act.' "Rachmaninoff Pre
lude," intermezzo "William Ratcllffe."
Massenet "Scenes Plttoresques," compler
efi a series of concerts that are not likely
to come this way again very shortly.
And thank you, Mr. Duss.
BLANCHE PARTINGTOX.
of Tuesday . night." evidently somewhat
sparing herself. But we should be thank
ful for her in any of her moods. TKe
frank Mr. Duss confessed that the or
chestral scores of the Erkel aria first
programme were lacking, and that Mme.
Nordica would sing the "Di Tale Amor"
from "Trovatore" instead. The substi
tution.was welcomed, and charmingly the
singer gave the fine aria. Then she tucked
up her sleeves— or .rather shed the royal
ermines that 3he femininely came on In -
and her neck ribbon— to the Erkel aria,
with piano-forte accompaniment. This,
written for her, turned out to be a singu
larly fascinating Slavic song and was giv
en with superb sympathy. The Wagner
"Dich Theure Halle" and "Liebestod" of
Tuesday's concert were both repeated, but
Mme. Nordica was not ln their mood yes
terday. They failed of climacteric vaiuc>,
the radiant abandon of Tuesday's render
ing being almost wholly lacking. She
gave as encore the » delightful "Spring
Song" of Oscar Weil, and I hope Mr.
Weil was there to hear it.
Society : Gives Ball in Celebration
,.' of Twenty-Second An
niversary.
The San Francisco Scottish Thistle
Club held Its' twenty-second Halloween
ball last evening in Lyric Hall. --
There were about 200 lads and lassies
on the floor, who danced gayly to Scottish
music played on Scottish instruments.
The evening was opened by the grand
march, which was led by the club's
piper. -. ;
. The hall. was decorated with many
flags and banners and the stage was
draped with a largo flag bearing the
words "Clanna Nan Galdheal An' Gaillbh
A' Chelle."
At the conclusion of the dance the en
tire assembly sang "Auld Lang Syne."
The dance was given under the man
agement of George W. Miller and George
W. Paterson. both of whom are officers
of the club.
MEMBERS OF THISTLE CLUB
.: DANCE. TO SCOTTISH MUSIC
When the detectives arrived on the
scene they found that the burglars had
entered the second story by climbing a
porch ln the rear of "the house. They are
believed to be Eastern crooks, who re
cently came to the coast. Several simi
lar Jobs have been done within the last
few days and they have baffled the
sleuths of the Police Department. All
the crimes have been committed during
the dinner hour, but this is the first ,one
that has been reported from the park
section. All the others have been from
the Western Addition.
Passing through other rooms Fowler
found that the same condition of affairs
prevailed. Bureau drawers had been
pulled out and whatever they contained
was thrown about the floor. Trunks had
been opened and the thieves left no part
of their work undone. Every room on
the second story had been thoroughly
looted and the result was that one ring
end a watch and chain, the property of
one of Mr. Fowler's children, were stolen.
Fowler explains that he keeps but little
jewelry about the house except that
which he and his family wear at all
times.
Tb© porch climbers who have been op
eratlziff in this dty for the last two weeks
aptn claim the attention, of the police.
On "Wednesday evening: they entered the
residence of G. AV. Fowler, a clerk In. the
audlt_* department of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company, at l_0 Masonic
avenue, and looted the second story of
the house while the family was at dinner.
The crooks profited little by their crime,
but nevertheless they must have operated
more than an hour in an effort to make
a good haul.
According- to the story told to the po
lice by Fowler he went down stairs with
hie family to dinner shortly before 7
o'clock. Several friends Joined them and
an evening of enjoyment was spent. After
the last course had been served Fowler,
his family and his friends loitered at the
table and it was nearly 9 o'clock before
they' went upstairs again. When the
railroad man lighted the gas ln one of the
rooms he was surprised to find that burg
lars had visited it during his absence.
The contents of the rooms had been scat
tered about and there was every indica
tion of a thorough search having been
made. •¦--.•:?
But there is the sinister ending, "And
on the hearth the cold is fiercely cruel."
And all this Strauss tells with illuminated
cynicism, for prirr.arily the work strikes
one as, intellectual. He has used to tell
the story themes sane and easily appre
hended, a sometimes sinister harmonic
scheme, rhythms original and biting, and
a brihiant play of instrumental color.
The I resulting atmosphere is compelling.
One -'is swept Into the irenetic joy and
shudder of it willy-nilly, drawn bodily
into the deep sweetness of its calmer mo
ments and left wondering after it as to
the wholesomeness of the indulgence. At
any rate, it leaves one with a deep de
sire to hear more Strauss. And . more
Strauss. The orchestra did excellently
here, but at least twice the number of
strings was needed for Its proper balance.
Nordica was yesterday's soloist, and the
size of the house showed It. The famou3
singer was not quite in the brilliant mood
To- me the "Don Juan" possesses im
mediate appeal, at second hearing taking
on even a grace of familiarity. Thistone
poem is the first of the important works
of the composer, 18S8 its date. In all like
lihood therefore Strauss had not yet
sounded the depths of his characteristic
genius., At least "Don Juan" cannot be
called "ugly"; music, the favorite epithet
flung at his later work by the composer's,
detractors. ; Nor is it willfully complex,
nor , grotesquely colored. ¦ It is written
about a poem of'Nikolaus Lenau— for it
is frankly programme music— with as its
keynote the following lines:
So. long as youth lives on with pulse afire.
Out to the chase! To .victories new aspire!
The /'Lamentoso" went well, the rich
palette of the orchestra giving Its som
ber values with adorable beauty. *And
then came the extraordinary Strauss,
given first at, Stanford on xuesday, then
again on Thursday, evening here and in
response to wide demand repeated at yes
terday's concert.
Though th£ Metropolitan Opera-House
orchestra has almost | persuaded to dis
belief in ; the necessity of a conductor
this week, there are still "times." There
was one at least, at yesterday after
noon's concert, j Extraordinarily this was
not in the Strauss tone poem, that the ac
commodating Mr. Duss substituted by
general * request for the programmed
"Lorna Doone" suite of Nevin. Over this
he waved a coloratura baton without dis
aster, the orchestra going its own way
with delicious sangfroid. It was in the
"Pathetique" symphony that the orches
tra fell' perceptibly short, by a head.
'And how -one regretted Mascagni's!
Mascagni did many things better than
others, but nothing better than the- Alle
gro con Grazia from the . Tschaikowsky
symphony. Yesterday's reading, compar
ably, had the poetry of the multiplication
table.- Nor could this be wondered at.
Some things must have a baton behind
them. - The Con Grazia is emphatically of
the brand. All of the supple pulse of the
movement was lost In • a sort of clock
work stride, that was Indeed the only re-,
source of an orchestra without a head.
And this, the drawling fascination of its
rhythm. Is chiefest charm of the move
ment. Mascagni, with a scratch orches
tra gathered . in from everywhere, . gave
truly more/pleasure in it than this rarest
band of artists. So much for a leader.
But ye gods! How Duss does enjoy him
self! ¦ : , -: ';
Thieves Enter . Second Story
of House, but Leave With
Little Loot.
Millionaire Director Is Not
; to Be Compared
:;' /Mascagni.
Residence of G. W. Fow
ler Is Looted During
Dinner Hour.
It Plays
Wei], but Lacks
Leadership.
PORCH CLIMBERS
AGAIN AT WORK
DUSS' ORCHESTRA
DESERVES CREDIT
fTTTTji a aw ri? a \rifirn * r a r t c a TPTfRTYAv nr,Tn - RT?T? ; 11 iQfl3 :
JLxxJKj C?,ixJN „ XX A- Jy v/ X ~"OVr • \j J\. __, . C_» A U <SxUJt\.JL • ¦¦ .v/v/X vJJjxhxx OJ., ±%/\JOm
Entre Nous Cotillon -Glub Enjoys a Brilliant Affair
Under Canopy of Electric Globes While Drapery and
Forest, Flags and Gowns Compose Luxurious Scene
DAZZLING LIGHT EFFECTS
SHED RADIANGE ON DANGERS
16
AD VE BTISEMEKTS.
economical'
HOUSEKEEPERS;
USE -¦
WalterBakers
Cocoa and Chocolate;
Because they yield T H E <
MOST and BEST FOR!
THE MONEY!
Tt. CIS* 111 11!
The Finest Cocoa in the World j
Costs less than One Cent a Cup ]
Our Chafe* Bedpe Book, not free, ¦will tell you
how to m«— Ftodfe and a great variety of dainty '
<Uib« Iran «nr Cocoa and Chocol»lt. s '
Walter Baker & Co. Ltd.;
ESTABLISH— 1780 (
DORCHESTER, MASS. 1
Art HIGHEST AWARDS I N ;
*»U EUROPE AND AMERICA
. ...'.I JHAXJS'B.-, | HAXE^_
* jggpwn &£ £JB9BB_tfftlMB__friy3teEC*_M^i_B>'_i HSMB9WtEHPB^9BHB^3SK
Saturday's Stockings
From Hale's, of course.
This stocking store is in the front rank, for the stockings are true
and good. Every pair. may be depended upon.' . The prices are as low
as good merchandising can make them.
School Stockings 12sc Infants' Stockings 8]c
rhey're for romping boys and srirls ; heavily Black, pink ' and blu« : . tae ribbed, ; ieamlegi
ribbed, wide or narrow ribs, seamless and 5?"°" ones; sizes 5 and 514: worth 12Hc
fast black, extra Ions and elastic; every But here are three pairs for 2Sc. ; .
size-6-s to io- s . doz. for$i.as. Women's Full-Fashioned
Boys' Stockings 20c Stockings
One of the heaviest stockings we know of; 2 2c ? Palr-^t-s the same quality " S"^
1*1 .ri,),™,, -»» ma vprv lonir verv BelI> toT 25c; but cven at 25c tJle Hill-fash-
lxl ribs without seams, ions, very lone<1 gt0ck , nj9 much 8O u«ht after-
elastic; sizes Gib to 10: such as usually sell they're fine elastic black maco cotton, full
at 25c pair. Doz. for $2.25. _^ fashioned: sizes 8 to 10.'
Come, children, and see the big Christmas display of Dolls.
See that airship the dolls have in the court.
Silk Beaver Hats Women's Neckwear
FlorChrls The NeW Sty 7^~ Are at Hale , s
Good fortune again for the girls We'make a special spread of them
- who like to be well hat-ted to-day. Some of the cleverest
, r -¦¦-. t_ '¦•- t_ j \u just.' here . from New York.
and for mothers who do the among which are some Taffeta Silk
buying. ' Stocks, and some of them with fan-
tt ' " . " ~ t £ t * °y tal3S ' n bishop effects, trimmed
j. Here are the very finest fur. felts, wUh Vcnise , ace mcdalIions as „
in pure white as well as white as jewels and beads,
shaded with castor; the favorite Some of them have p . ;
ideas and at the most favored time. mingSf some of the _ f . h _
$3-75 each; value $500. : ; ng at the top> with ba * dg o^ Bal _
We also have silk beavers to sell garian trimmings on the tab and
At SI 65 sides; oneof them »s on the bishop-
r>t 1 • j j style, with over collar effect of fae-
Blacks, nav.es, reds, castors and and fiber , acc n _f
browns; such as are usually sold at b^ r of ett id $ / ™™
$2.00 and $225, which is considered Mousselirfe de Soie CoLrl-Si 75
very cheap for this quality of hat. and ?2oa and fancy novc u7^ n^
fiiflc' HfAccPc C1 IS at $2.25, $2.50 and $3.00, up to $4.00.
UiriS UreSSeS They have Persian silk ornaments.
(And a ions line of 'others.) studded with steel beads, some of
We are ready to-day in the Girls them with Roman lace motifs and
Dresses in a most satisfactory as- bordered with beads; some with
sortment. Such styles as appeal to pan ne velvet and tabs with large
the particular girls and proud velvet drops and silk rings. They're
mothers. wonderfully fascinating and dressy.
$1.15 ones are of fancy plaid material;, ______
yoke, collar, large reveres, cuffs and belt T« 1 tV ¦*¦¦ + *¦'< - < r>
?ri1nm O ed witnTald. "'' *" beaUtlfU " 7 I aiCUITl FOWClerS 1 OC
91.25 cnes are of fancy check materials. They're Bailey's, in heliotrope
One Is In a plain effect, round yoke, a n,4 honnnof n^fnrc «ttf m> ;« ~t-
straight sleeves and cashmere cuffs. ana DOUquet Odors, put up m glass
$1.05 ones are/good quality cashmere, plain jars. CiOmetning tempting.
a %%!^7^^T^L c^t^7^ Rubber s^il^l^ SIze> 25c
large reveres, blshcp sleeves, straight cuffs Flnaud s floral face powder. 25c.
and trlnuned with braid and lace. . •
?-.!»." cashmere dresses with silk yokes, J5&7 /iff
larse reveres, straight collar, full sleeves. \&^**£gf§9/ /Jf/ jft
Of navy blue- serge, with white braid £&/ JSzu^*^-^
and insignia on the left arm and ¦^=S r -«_i'"<K©__i __mj_>_****^
front of vest. The skirt is very full. - ~~s^_ -*-**** "rrS^
ADVEBTISEMENTS. - V^ ;>C ;
J OUR RIBBON STOCK IS LARGE--OUR PRICES ARE LOW.
Ribbons for Stocks, Hair Decorations, Hat Trimming and
ths chic Alsatian Bows that are worn at the neck.
At I2^C— Imported Fancy Ribbon, 4 inches wide. Worth 25c.
At 5C— Fancy Wash Ribbon; 3 inches wide. Worth 12}4c. -
- A 1 2 5 C — Imported Fancy Striped and Dresden Ribbon, 5 inches wide
At IBc— Taffeta. Wash' Ribbon, 4 inches wide. ~'i~<i-\*
CORSETS-THE HIT OF THE SEASON.
Women who want to bo up-to-date MUST WEAR OUR CORSETS.
Think of paying 75c for any style or make of our $1.00 Stand-
S 1. 00— Price placed upon our $1.25 Corset.
Sl«50~~ Price placed upon our fl .7 5 Corset.
¦ These special prices for Corsets are "for to-day only.
At 39c~ New, Girdle Corsets. Easy over the hips. A very de-
sirable make.
~ RARE BARGAINS IN HOSIERY.
If you need Hosiery don't miss these specials. Elastic and durable qualities.
At 20C— Women's Black Hosiery. Best quality. Lace or Lisle.
At I Sc— Children's Bicycle Ribbed Hose. Double heel, toe and knee.
KNIT UNDERWEAR.
tAt^'-TSC' I Cicely^ made, . comfortable, warm and serviceable.
I Australian Wool Vests. Long sleeves.
'.'¦-¦-¦ ¦ •• - ¦¦ Pants to match. $1.00 value.
I At OSp I Children's Self Fitting Vests, Pants or Drawers.
| Fleece lined; extra: heavy. Sizes 20 to 34^40 c value.
VEILING SPECIALS.
At 5OC, 75c, SiiQCh-Mourning t Drape Veils, 1 l A yards
„ Joing. Stylish and 'very much admired. ¦: . /.
At 25 C— Chiffon r Drape Veils, 1}4 yards long. ¦
¦ ¦,.-. .: ¦'¦/.- .¦;¦ .-'". ¦ . •;""¦. ¦. : .All ,' the J Seasonable : Shades. ,
;.; I STUNNING NEW LACE COLLARS.
Cape or Stole effect Colors White, Butter or Ecrui Collars strong
¦~.y ¦;in / servicel exquisite t in design. To be had at the popular prices of
| v;$i;50^$l.75^$2.00^$2.50^$3.00^$3;50. $4.00, $5.00 "l
BEADEDJNECKLACES. ,
Extra long. A good assortment Colorings and patterns are the
most desirable." i
r\ At 25c^35c, 50c and 75c~l
• . . - l 'B88HBMMB
; RIBBON BELT NOVELTIES. ~^
All are new goods, -'prepared for this sale. Generous variety of
' style's" to select from, at \
[ 25c. 35c, '45c, 65cy- 75c and Upward. |
LEATHER GOODS.
Wrist Bags are made of Sea/,; Alligator and Monkey Skin}
, K Fitted witfi Bottle,: Change Purse and Mirror and yours at the
voryjow prices of '" \ ;
1 :25c^35c^50c^75c^$l 00: I
Green trading stamps given 'with every purchase. 'Mail orders given prompt attention »
} J^^J^^^: :^f^!^f0^- "HONEST VALUES"-
ADVE—TIS—MEUTS.
<?C0022000000000000000O
! MISSION I
I FURNITURE f
I At 20% Discount I
a From Regular Prices. S
• o
o e
O We offer our entire line of • ©'
§ MISSION AND §
8 WEATHERED OAK %
% Dining-Room furniture ©
S Bookcases %
% Desks S
2 Chairs 2
3 Tables, Etc. 2
|ChasJI.Pluin&Co.|
o Cor.- Sib and Market Sfs. o
B If II _ •
' Iallonby
H A NEWCLUETT TAB
fl IN QUARTER SEES- AT
! j . YOUR FURNISHERS.
j; I CLUETT, PEABODY * CJX
BBl MAKERS i> i iTi *Ji
M ffl ?! li u _f Bwia