SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY; AXTGrllST 5, 1903.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 66.
PIUS X WILL DIRECT THE AFFAIRS OF THE C A THOLIC CHURCH
ON THE BROAD LINES LAID DOWN IN POPE LEO'S PONTIFICA TE
"Getting my horse I rode^on into the
timber a mile farther and began to pick
huckleberries. I picked a five-gallon oan
of berries and then - rode home to my
father's place near Anatone, passing on
the way. within seventy-five feet of where
the dead body of my victim was lying.
When I got home about. 7 o'clock 1 told
my mother that a little girl was lost and
a large party of men were out looking for
her. I did not say that I had seen the
girl.
"I slept pretty well lastrnlght, but woko
at 3 o'clock Monday morning and could
see tha whole scene of my killing of the
girl in my mind. I did not sleep well
the rest of the night. After breakfast
Monday I did not think much of the oc
currence until I va» arrested yesterday*
afternoon: I was too busy haying during
the day to think of the matter.
"When the officer first arrested me he
did not say what It was for. I<ater he
told me. At first I denied in court that
I had seen the girl at all, but when they
got me into a net I told the Coroner's
Jury the same story I have told you. '
"I am sorry I killed the girl because
SLAYER PICKS BERRIES.
- Following Is Hamilton's confession:
"Yes. I killed the girL I met her In
the woods half a mile from Fairish Mill.
I asked where she was going and she
said to Sunday school at Kelly's school
house. I got off my horse, put my arrac
about the girl and hugged and kissed her.
She asked me to let her alone, as she
wanted to go to Sunday school. I folded
both arms about her and carried her
about seventy-five feet from the road Into
a dump of bushes. She was badly fright.
ened and could not tell her name or age.
first I thought I would let her got
After talking with her several 'minutes
I became afraid she would tell and start
ed to choke her. She got black , in the
face and her tongue stuck out of her
mouth. I let go of her throat, went
about ten feet and got a club, with whicb
I struck her on the right side of the head.
She gave a. little outcry and then lay
still. I struck her on the left side of the
temple and then rolled her over with my
foot and struck her on the back of the
head. After watching her for a few
minutes I knew she was dead.
A vast mob soon assembled outside tl: j
little Jail and awaited a contingent from
Anatone. the scene of the crime. "When
It arrived an assault was made on th>
jail. Excitement. was at a whits heat an l
Hamilton cowered in his cell In deadly
fear.
Special deputies were on guard at th?
Jail, but their number was of little weight
against the heavy crowd outside.
At midnight 1000 people were- in thi
town and the Jail was surrounded. Hun
dreds of people from Lowlston and the
populace - from all Asotin County had
gathered. Finally an assault was made,
the murderer was taken out and quickly
lynched.'
HAMILTON'S CONFESSION.
HOB STORMS JAIL.
ASOTIN, Wash.. Aug. 5.— William Ham
ilton, who outraged and murdered MaLel
Richards, daughter of Sheriff Richards,
was hangred by a mob this morning at
12:15 o'clock, j The mob stormed the Jail,
carried the prisoner three blocks anil
hanged him to a telegraph pole.
Early In the evening the murderer mai'.o
a confession in which he gave all the
grewsome details of his horrible crime.
Information of this statement of guilt
was spread broadcast and the rage of the
people, who had already felt nearly sure
of the prisoner's responsibility for the
little girl's cruel death, was Intensified
a thousand fold.
Confession Made by a Fiend
Stirs Populace to Defy
the Law.
Residents of Asotin
Avenge Atrocious
Crime.
Slayer, of a Child
Hanged to Tele
graph Pole.
WASHINGTON
MOB LYNCHES
A MURDERER
Admiral Cotton. United States Minister
Bryan and the American officers proved
thcmseKes lavish hosts. One of the fea
tures was a Cakewalk, which was per
formed by two nepro sailors at the re-
Quest of the admiral. The dance brought
forth gTeat applause.
.IJSBON. Aug. 4. -Admiral Cotton gave
an entertainment this afternoon aboard
the Brooklyn in honor of the women of
Lisbon. All officialdom was present, mili
tary ar.d civil officers and members of
the diplomatic corps.
ENTERTAINS IN HONOR
OF THE WOMEN OF LISBON
His election and the assumption of his
holy ofilce were marked by a striking
demonstration and Impressive ceremonies
at the Vatican which ended only this*
evening. To-morrow the new Pope, clad j
in his full Pontifical robes and with all
the ritualistic ceremony, will receive the
members of the diplomatic corps, the
Cardinals and the Bishops, who will then
offer their official* homage, this notwith
standing the fact that twice to-day the
Cardinals and many high officials of the
Vatican went through a similar cere
mony. The date on which the coronation
of Plus X will take place has not yet.
been decided, but the impression prevails
that it will be August 9.
Although the election was over at 11
o'clock this morning and was ? announced
to the world forty-five minutes later j by'
the appearance of the new Pope 'at' the'"
and Sarto now reigns at the
Vatican and over the Catholic world as
Pius X. To-nigh I all Rome Is illuminated
in lils honor. ' ' • • i xr >"i;'< ¦*!'*•
um " fc^QME, Aug. 4 —The conclave,
B lj after being in session four
ff^K^^ days, to-day elected Giuseppe
B VL Sarto, patriarch of Venice, as
•E- Pope to succeed Leo XIII,
For Further Details of Chase of Con
victs See Page 3.
While Smith was lying on the | grdurO
a bullet knocked his hat off his head and
TT.lssiles flew all around him and his com
panion.
The miners dropped to the ground end
ehouted loudly for the men firing at them
to ctop. When the firing ceased. Guards
Seavey and Roy advanced to a position
to where Smith and George had stood up
••vith hands in the air. The guards cov
ered them with their guns,, and when they
arrived close to George and Smith real
ized the mistake and apologized. The
m'ners were infuriated and demanded an
explanation. Sea\-ey eald:
''I am very sorry fox. 11.. J did as much
pumping as the rest and I tell you, boys,
I was shooting to kill, but of course I
am sorry for the mistake!**
MINERS' NARROW ESCAPE.
The pos?e will go with the bloodhounds
et 3 o'clock to-morrow morning to the
place where they camped and the dogs
will be put on the trail.
A report was received In Plymouth to
r.ieht from OJeta that Edgar Malone, a
rancher, who lives at Cfdar Grove, had
fe£ five convicts last night. AH were
hravlly armed. Thry appeared extreme
ly, worn. After eating the outlaws took
a. course toward Volcano and are now
thought to be in Arnador County.
James A. George and E. J. Smith of the
Gamecock mine, a few* miles' from Lotus,
had a narrow escape from death at the
hands of a posse headed by Guard Sea
vey. The two men were returning from
fixing a water ditch and were on their
way back to the mill along the main road
when, they were fired upon without warn
ing. This occurred near Jacobson's ranch.
Seavey had ten men with him and a vol
ley of ballets were fired at George and
Smith.
EARLY MORNING HUNT.
The posse sent from here to-day with
the bloodhounds cf C. P. Ferrell of Reno,
New, has reached Lotus. J. A. Spencer,
formerly a {ruard of Folsom prison, tel
ephoned to-night to Sheriff Bosquit that
the posse had vi«!ted Ingram's mine and
verified the morning report that three
large cans of food had been stolen from
the Ingram stove In front of the cabin
during: the night. The trails showed that
two- men had gone 4(W yards from the
cabin and camped.
Sheriff Bosquit is highly pleased at the
prospect of the convicts being caught
by Ncwnan's posses. The country where
the. convicts are now Is not to heavily
covered by brush and there is not so much
danger cf the convicts ambushing the
posses.
The trail cf the murderers was un»
mistakable and to-night it is estimated
that the convicts are on the way between
I>ogtown and "Westfalls. following the
middle fork of Cosumnes River and head
ing due cast toward Silver Lake. "
Sheriff Norman of Amadcr County ar
rived late to-night at Oleta, about ten
miles south of where the convicts are
thought to be. He will travel all night
with a large posse and Indians as trailers,
and will arrive at Loekwoods early in
the morning. Then he will travel along
the Amador County line, south of the
Fouth fork of the Cosumnes River and
will make fast time and get Into the
eastern portion of El Dorado County and
head the convicts off.
courier rode rapidly to Pleasant Valley,
where he delivered a sealed niessace to
tfce telephone operator, who opened the
letter and Informed Sheriff Bosquit of Its
contents. '
PLACERVILLE, Aug. 4 —At 9 o'clock
To-night Sheriff Bosquit received news
from three professional trailers who left
here last Eight saying: they hed caught
the- trail, fresh and strong, of the five
convicts who ambushed the soldiers.
The trailers sent a mounted messenger
frcm a pcist above Whim mine, and the
S;>eclil Dispatch to The Call
Cedar Grove Rancher Re
ports Visit of Five
Fugitives.
Hounds Are to Hunt
j in the Woods at
Daybreak.
Trailers Discover
Fresh Sign of
Convicts.
PURSUERS
ARE CLOSE
TO OUTLAWS
Continued on Page 2, Column 2.
more courteous. Inasmuch as he enjoys
personal acquaintance with the King and
members of the royal family. The Queen
holds him almost as a friend. One of his
first steps, certainly, will be to amelior
ate the relations between the- Vatican am)
France; anil to try to prevent a similar
struggle against the congregations In
Spain. ..He is not credited with being fa
vorable to Austria, as he still remembers
how much his fatherland suffered under
the domination of that country.
Plus X admires the progress of Cathol
icism In America and believes the Unit
ed States Is a fertile field for Catholicism.
Pope "Pius has confirmed in the^post of
master of the chamber Monslgnor*BlsIeti,
who was so trusted by Pope Leo In that
position, and has reappotnted Dr. Lappool
the papal doctor.
•mv-^ OME, . Aug. 4.— I am Informed
*M-^^B^ nthe best autnor; * ty that Pope
, . B-' ',JW Plus X will request Cardinal
«( Vf Rampolla to resume the offico
• 'fi. '¦ • ->f . secretary of state, as Car
; f^ ilnal Rampolla contributed
more to his election than any other mem
ber 'of - the ¦¦ conclave. It is probable,
though, that Cardinal Rampolla will
abide by his resolution to retire perma
nently from the arduous secretaryship of
state and In this event the new secretary
will likely be Cardinal Ferrata, who was
Pope Leo's in Paris during the
most, striking "developments of the late
Pontiff's: policy, toward France and who
subsequently passed some time in Vienna.
There; Is .also some talk of Cardinal Vln
cehzo'Vannutelll for the post.
L There Is much specufttlon regarding the
political , attitude of the new Pope, Inas
much as. he -has not participated in the
general affairs of the church during his
career. ¦ The general opinion, however, is
that he will make no change in the rela
tions , between the Vatican and the Quir
inal,-"except; perhaps, to render them
Special -Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 1003. by the Xew York
. Herald. Publishing- Company.
Continued 'on ¦ Page 4/ Column 1;
tably in. his. reputation: for, culture land
piety.;' Having "been associated with no
factions," this fact/alone won him •. much
favor from foreign' Cardinals '• who j were
without I a special candidate. ,^ Pius X ?w*as
humorously \ - : described , ; as . a "' "country
mouse who could not possibly flrid his ,way
about Rome."- - '--;*¦, .-\.
•Venetians, ''who -know the mew . Pope
well,'. saV s that he ; will ; soon be as much
beloved as ¦ Pontiff f as . he : . was ' yesterday
as the patriarch of thepoorof the'AdrK
atlc/v-; ;'-7-"-; ..'¦'¦¦, - -¦. 'V ¦ ' -'W>V
t{ In- appearance ; Plus. X is, a ' handsome
man.; He 'has a. fine, ; erect figure despite'
his 68 'years, his face; greatly Resembling
that of the late Phillips Brooks of Boston.'
.The new" Pontiff Is a. man of simple ori
gin and. although ' not, a prominent candi
date, : he* had <;been ; frequently?, mentioned
as one ; or the fmanjA Cardinals : wh6 7 mlght
be taken ,up'as:acompromlse." In several
respects lie resembles his predecessor,' no-
The .election "of the patriarch of Venice
this morning was ' unanimous.' After
Monday's * ballots' 'it ¦ was *a " foregone' con
clusion that 'he was the ; only candidate
sufficiently, acceptable to. all to securo the
necessary 'two-thirds .that- the laws of the
church require.' ' "<¦ v ¦ •; -. • •'• . f:
. .One of ; the Cardinals said to^nlght.ttiat
he believed i Plus X would follow the broad
lines of I Leo's rpolicy,- although ; he I prob
ably would . hit accentuate it. This voices
the general: feeling; here, -which is one of
satisfaction.'^ {.•>'» ;'j : ¦• ¦ • • '. "''"¦. V.
window of> St. Peter's, the conclave was
not formally dissolved until 5:30 o'clock
this afternoon. The Cardinals , then re
turned to their various apartments jn
Rome, with the exception of Cardinals
Rampolla and Oreglla, who temporarily
retain their' official suites in the j Vatican,
and Cardinal Herrero y Espinosa, who Is
too | 111 •, to . be . moved for several days, fit
was ¦ to. the . sick Cardinal { that the new
Pope paid ¦ his first visit after being, for
mally proclaimed Pontiff." The Cardinals
will remain .in Rome for to-morrow's cer
emony, arid should the coronation be fixed
forhext Sunday they are not likely to re
turn to their homes until after that'cere
mony. With the exception of the Spanish
Cardinal, Herrero,' all of the prelates are
In fairly good" Health.' * ', ~ ' 'v *
Great- Hearted Patriarch Bleaks Down and Tearfully Protests His
Unworthiness to Accept High Honor Bestowed by Cardinals. ¦-,:¦
SUPREME PONTIFF OF THE CHURCH OF ROME.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.
Success of Venetian
Pleases all the
Cardinals.
Vatican and Quirinal
Will Be on Friend'
¦\ Her Terms. i"When a note goes to protest the holder
does a little protesting- on his own ac
count. ' "
LONDON. Aug. A.— The Archbishop of Can
terbury announced that the next Lambeth
decennial conference of Anglican Bishops will
be hfld in the cummer of 11 nw instead of 11*07,
because the latter year has been fixed for a
convention la the United States and it would
be inconvenient for the attendance of American
Iiishopi In England.
S1ML.A, India, Aug. 4.—Viceroy Curzon
Informed the council - at to-day's sitting
that he had decided to accept the Gov
ernment's offer of an extension of 'his
term of with permission to tako a
vacation irf England in ' 1904 should he so
*-». ¦.-_¦-.-: .
Viceroy Curzon to Remain in India.
CHICAGO, Aug. 4.— After an exceed
ingly uphill fight in the first round for
the Glenvlew cup In the women's open
tournament at f^nvlew to-day Miss Bes
sie Anthony finally won her mutch with
Mfo. Brewer, three up and two to play.
Miss Anthony Defeats Mrs. Brewer.
From now until the winter rains begin Is
the best time of the year for. an outing, and
with the return of the school children and their
parents to the cities the hotels and resorti
can give better accommodation's. The pictur
esque country along the line of the North
Shore Railroad offers special inducements for
people seeking: recreation or health. At Monta
Rio - Park and : Camp • Meeker * are good hotels
and cottages all furnished for housekeeping
(accommodating four - to »lx persona), which
may be rented for $5 per week during August,
September and October. Homo iltes on which to
build rustic cottages only $50. Roads all graded
and pure mountain spring water piped to every
lot. Other attractive hotel resort* are Caza
dero. Duncan's Mills. .Occidental,' Plstolesl,
Marshall*. Point .: Reyes, Tocaloma, Camp
Taylor and a score of. convenient places on the
eurburban division between Sauaallto arfd Mill
Valley and San Rafael. % Special excursion tick
ets to all: points.: Write or 'apply to North
Shore Railroad Information Bureau, No. 629
Market street, San Francisco, for details..*
Seduced Bates for Country Outings.
they will now send me to the penitentiary,
pprnaps for a Ions time. I think they
ought to send me, as it Is a serious mat
ter to. take a. life. While I was killing
her I did not think anything much more
about it than If I had been killing's cat
or mouse or snake with a pitchfork."
Continued From Page ' 1, Column. 7.
this city to-night by a chance meeting
and a casual conversation. The meeting
took place in the City Park, whtte the
Union church services were In progress.
T. F. Garner, a plasterer, accompanied
by his wife, went to the services, arriv
ing quite early. Behind them Bat two
men, and soon Garner struck up a con
versation with them. Finally one asked:
"Do you know anybody here named
Garner?"
"That's my name," said the man ad
dressed.
"What, are you the brother of Charles
and- William and Buck and James Gar
ner?" said the astonished stranger.
"Yes," admitted Garner, equally sur
prised,.as all but his youngest brother are
dead, and this man must have- been a
friend of his youth, as indeed ho was.
It turned out that the stranger was
Horace Harvey, a nephew of Garner, a
son of the latter's sister. The two had
not seen each other since 1851, over halt
a century ago, when Harvey, with his
mother and family, left Illinois and went
to Texas. Fourteen years later Garner
crossed the plains with an ox team, com
ing to California. Harvey lived In Texaa
for a number of years, but of. late has
been in the mountains of Fresno Co\J?ity.
He understood that his uncle was herd
and intended to look him up and curiously
enough the first man he .Inquired of was
the man he was looking for.
• FRESNO, Aug. 4.— Separated for over
half a century, relatives were united In
Special Dispatch -to The CalL
Nephew of a Fresno
(Man Makes Rare
Discovery.
Public opinion continues to be Intense
on thi& affair, and all the newspapers
published at th* treaty ports exhort the
Minister to refuse the demands.
The support crs of the Dowgrr Em
prfFS have adopted an apologetic
tone and assert that the severity of the
tvhipping administered to Rhen Chlen,
the reformer journalist, who was exe
ruted at Peking on July 31, has been ex
eggerated and that he was strangled be
fore he. had suffered greatly. All are
forced to admit, however, that the Dow-
Iger Empress ordered Chl»n to be beaten
lo death, because she thought beheading
to be too mild a punishment
PEKING. Aug. 4.— The Chinese Gov
ernment has addressed a note directly to
the Foreign Ministers requesting the ex
tradition of the editor and staff of the
Supao._ the Chinese reform ¦ orgaa at
Shanghai, who are charged with seditious
writings, thus re-enforcing the demand of
the Shanghai officers upon the Consuls.
The demands say that thp prisoners are
wanted for execution. A trial is not men
tioned. an*l it is therefore inferred that
tho authorities purpose to dispense with
fiifh a formality.
QUEENSTOWN, Aug. 4.— The health
and spirits of Whltaker Wright, who is
returning to England on the Oceanic,
which arrived to-night, were greatly Im
proved by his trip. During the voyage
he kept much to himself, but enjoyed all
the obtainable luxuries. He has given the
Dally Mall a long statement In which he
declares his determination to fight the
matter to a finish and to prosecute every
man who Is responsible for what h©, terms
the malicious slanders uttered against
him.'
Wright Reaches Queenstown.
I consider that In Mr. Corry the directors
have pecured an eminently competent euecesscr
to Mr. Schwab, and I am confident that the
future will prove this to be the case, in fact.'
I think that to-day the steel company in all its
branches is intrinsically In a stronger and bet
ter position than lv has ever been.
The new president has entered on his
duties, and it may be authoritatively said
that with his election the steel corpora
tion has begun a new policy. There wJll
be less centralization of power and In
creased responsibility in the work of the
various committees. President Corry will
devote his entire attention to th« prac
tical and technical sides of tho steel and
Iron Industry, and will receive, material
aid from tho advisory committee, whose
members are especially well qualified to
art in that capacity.
No other Important changes were an
nounced in the personnel or policy of the
corporation. . Mr. Frlck continues as a
member of the finance" committee, of
whieh George "W. Perkins is chairman.
SUCCESSOR IS COMPETENT.
. On my return from Kurope six months ago I
tried to get Mr. Morgan and the directors to
accept my resignation, but was unable to do so.
That does not look ae though I had been forced
out. Later I appealed to v Mr. Frlck, and
through him have finally succeeded In inducing
the directors to accept my resignation. I am
as deeply Interested In the United States Steel
Corporation as ever. I am > still the- Urgent
stockholder and remain us a director and aa a
member of the executive committee. The new
president Is a close personal friend .and has
Buccceeded me In all the offices I have held.
My retirement Is on account of 111 health, ner
vousness. I have been In bad health for six
months or more.
J. P. Morgan made a statement as fol
lows:
I deeply regret that 'the condition of Mr.
Schwab's health renders it Impossible for him
to continue at the head of the steel corpora
tion. His loyalty to the interests Intrusted to
him cannot be doubted, and from the early
days of the inception of the corporation h«
gave, to Its formation, unification and develop
ment his unequaled powers as an expert In the
manufacture of steel.
have been given for it. but none of them is
true. As a matter of fact, the shipbuilding
question has never been a subject of discussion
between myself and the director*. t
Asks Foreign Ministers
i to Surrender Doomed
Editors.
FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES STEEL COR
PORATION. V
WASHIN&TON^MOBLYNCHES
For these concessions the Government
agrees to subsidize the new vessels at
$375,000 per year each. The loan of $13,000.
000. .which will bear Interest at 2% per
rent and is to b«. repaid in twenty annual
Installments, will rank as the. .first chance
on the whole Cunard "fleet and will b^
secured by the s debentures. . ! The agree
ment provides for a reductlon'ln the sub
eldy for the new*steam?hlps In the case
of their failure Sj to \r attain- a. minimum
speed of 23*£ .knots. '¦.":.
The company is not allowed to sell any
vessels whose speed Is seventeen knots
and upward without the consent of the
Government, which will indicate the plans
for tho new vessels with a view to their
conversion into- armed cruisers. The com
pany must maintain the gun mountings,
etc.. ready- for use.
On the Campania. Umbria and Lucanla
until the new vessels have been com
plet*-<5. and thereafter on the new vessels,
all of the certified officers, other than the
engineers, and not less than half the
rrews must belong to the royal naval
reserve.
All the company's steamers between
Liverpool, Boston, New York, the Medi
terranean and Havre, including the new
steamships, which will have a speed of
from twenty-four to twenty-five knot*,
will be at the disposal of the Admiralty
for hire or purchase in the event of war.
The vessels must be maintained under the'
British flag and managed without any un
due increase In freight charges or undue
preference against British subjects. The
masters, officers and engineers of all the
rente)* must always be British, subjects,
and tho fame condition applies to at least
three-fourths of the crew. •
LONDON. Aug. . 4.— The agreement
among the Admiralty, the Board of
Trade, the Postmaster General and the
Cunard Steamship Company, dated. July
30, was Issued in 8- Parliamentary paper
this afternoon. Accompanying the. paper
was a draft of a trust deed securing the
debenture stock of the Government,
which advances $13,000,000 for building, the
now steamships.
The new mail carrying agreement sub
stitutes for payments by weight a fixed
annual payment of $340,000 during the life
of the contract, which Is for twenty
years, dating from the- first sailing of
the second of the two new steamships. It
provides that the mails shall be carried
more speedily than at present.
The company will be bound to utilize
the best steamships for the mall service,
and the agreement stipulates for reduc
tions from the subsidy in the event of tho
company failing to carry out the terms
of tho contract.
New Vessels Will Be Kept
in Readiness for Instant
War Service: t,
FINDS UNCLE
AFTER DECADES
* Beale came from .Europe a few days
ago with his California bride, and that
he might enjoy a brief vacation at the
Mount Vernon Club he sent a telegram
to the negro caretaker of the place that
he Intended visiting there. The keeper
sent word to. Beale not to come, as the
clubhouses fwere all occupied. This
prompted an Investigation and the pro
test to Langley.
WIDEWATER, Va., Aug. 4.— Their com
fortable quarters on Chappawamslc Isl
and invaded by bona fide members of the
Mount Vernon Ducking Club and with
reporters, installed at the clubhouse as
the Invited guests, Professor S. P. Lang
ley's airship scientists to-day met with
a streak of bad luck that may result in
their eviction. .A telegram was sent to
Professor Langley, at the St. Botolf
Club, Boston, this evening by Truxtun
Beale, a charter member of the club and
one of the owners of the Island, protest
ing against the inconveniences which the
presence of the flying machine experts
have caused the actual members of the
club. The scientists are still in possession
of the well-appointed rooms of the club
hbuies to-night, but It is almost certain
that' they will not be allowed to stay
there after Saturday. The order of eject
ment, however, will probably affect only
the ' machinists and mechanics with the
party, while Professor Langley's personal
friends, five or six of whom are accom
panying the expedition, will probably not
be obliged to seek bed and board else
where.
SpecUl Dispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON. Aug. 4.— Major General
Henry C. Corbln will 'relinquish his duties
as adjutant general of the army when the
general staff law goes into effect on Aug
ust 15, and an officer of the adjutant gen
eral's corps will be assigned as acting
adjutant general.
Will Relinquish His Duties?
John Rigas Seriously Wounded by
Fellow Workman in Ninth-
Street Restaurant.
John Rigas" and Charles Gpwruw*', em
ployed in a restaurant at 29 Ninth street,
quarreled over money matters late, last
night at the place of their employment and
as a result the former now lies on a cot
at the Emergency Hospital with a knife
wound in his left breast that may cause
his death. His assailant, after he had
committed the crime, made good his es
cape and the police are now diligently
searching the city for him. ,
According to the story told by the In
jured man when he was brought to the
hospital, he was accused by his assailant
of having taken Jl 50 from the latter.
Rlgas resented the charges and finally
words led to blows.
The two'tnsn fought furiously for a
time, when, according to Rlgas. Gpwruws.
suddenly pulled out a big knife and
stabbed him in the left breast. Then the
knife wielder quickly beat a retreat. The
ambulance was. called and Rlgas was"re
moved to the hospital. Dr. Stevens, the
attending surgeon, nays he may not re
cover from his wound. . .
QUARREL OVER MONEY
LEADS TO STABBING
Several months ego Mr. Schwab told me
that he would very much like to be relieved of
the presidency of the steel corporation on ac
count of his 111 health and asked m« to assist
in eo arranging. The matter was arranged en
tirely on his request. Mr. Corry, who succeeds
hint, has been educated on the same, lines as
Mr. Schwab and has been his associate for
twenty year*. I am sure his election will glva
general satisfaction to nil concerned. -¦ -~" •
SCHWAB MAKES STATEMENT.
Immediately after the election of hla
successor Mr. Schwab met the press rep
resentatives, to whom he made this in
formal statement:
I want to say that I have been treated un
fairly by the newspapers in regard to the rea
nons for my retirement. A number of reasons.
Including this American shipbuilding matter.
At the regular meeting of the directors of
the United State» Steel Corporation to-day Mr.
Brhwab, in consequence, of continued Ill-health,
tendered hl» resignation as president, and it
wjs accepted. Wi K. Corry, who has been for
Mm* time, performing the active duties of the
president, was elected to the vacancy. The
office of chairman of the board of directors
was created, and E. II. Gary was elected to
that position and will continue to devote, his
entire time to the business of the corporation.
An advisory committee, to consist of three di
rectors besides the president, to consider and
make recommendations concerning- questions ot
manufacturing, transportation and operation,
was created, and E. C Converse. William E.
Denborn and D. 0J. Reid were elected as mfm
lv>rs of this committee. Mr. Schwab will con
tinue to be a m«mb»r of the board of direc
tors and of the finance committee.
The foregoing statement given out by
Chairman Gary was supplemented by the
following from II. C. Frlck:
Formal announcement of Mr. Schwab's
resignation was made iri the appended
form:
ANNOUNCES RESIGNATION.
NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— The resig
nation of Cha'rjes M. Schwab as
president of the United States
Steel Corporation was tendered
and accepted at a meeting of the
directors to-day. William E. Corry was
unanimously, elected as his successor.
Schwab's resignation caused no surprise
in' financial circles, where it had for some
time been ! .
.} TheThew' .president was for years one of
Andrew Carnegie's ablest lieutenants and
is. ncrw president • of the Carnegie Steel
Company, one of the subsidiary concerns
of the United States Steel Corporation.'
It Is scarcely more than a month ago
that Corry was made assistant to the
president because of Schwab's continued
HI health;
Schwab attended to-day's meeting^ of
the directors, coming to town, It was said,
for that purpose. He appeared to be in
good health and spirits and seemed rather,
glad to be relieved of the duties imposed
on the chief executive of the "billion
dollar" corporation. Before and after to
day's meeting Schwab conferred'with J.
P. Morgan. Schwab will continue as a
director of the steel corporation and as
a member of its financial committee.
Terms of Ship .Subsidy-
Agreement Made
Public.
Harry Rothenstein and Harry Kamm
ler. each 14 years old. were arrested last
night and locked up in the City Hall Po
lice Station on charges of burglary. The
complaining witness is Mrs. "W. Hooper,
who conducts a bakery at 44 Grove street.
Mrs. Hooper claims that the boys en
tered her place last night and while one
of them engaged her In conversation the
other got behind the counter and ex
tracted $8 from the till.
Boys Charged With Burglary.
Scientists May Be Obliged
to Seek Bed and Board
\ Elsewhere. s&T"
Objects to Airship Ex
perts Occupying
Clubhouse.
AUSTIN, Texas, Aug. 4. — Two hun
dred mining engineers and experts who
have been employed during the past
three months in examining mines in
Mexico for the Guggenheim Exploration
Company, which Is the Mexico branch of
the American Smelting and Refining
Company, have completed their work
and returned to the United States.,. A
large number of mines will be pur
chased w"hen the reports of these ex
perts are made.
Will Invest in Mexican Mines.
CHINA'S DOWAGER
DEMANDS HEADS
BERLIN, Aug. 4— The details are pub
lished to-day of a court martial held at
Mctz on a non-commissioned officer
named Dunkel for maltreating private
jSoldiers at Moerchlngen. Five' hundred
and seventy-Fix instances of brutality, all
'occurring since last December, were cited.
The evidence showed Dunkel's fertile 'in
ventiveness in novel methods of punish
ment, such as compelling a soldier to
.run at full tilt across a room and ram
his head against a wardrobe.
The court decided that 306 counts of
.the indictment had been proved and sen
tenced" Dunkel to two years and a half
imprisonment and degradation to the
ranks.
* The scandal became known to the mili
tary authorities through the suicide of
one of the maltreated men which an
anonymous letter ascribed to Dunkel's
brutality.
Suicide of One of His Vic
tims Brings the Scandal
to Light.
Court Martial Finds Him
Guilty of Maltreat
ing His Men.
A prolonged session of the striking tele
phone linemen with the members of the
coast conference committee was held last
night, at which every phase of the situa
tion was discussed.' The conciliatory
mood President John I. Sabln manifested
when speaking with the Mayor over a
possible agreement between himself and
the union was considered as an opening
wedge to a final adjustment between the
two bodies.
It is recognized that the local union of
linemen cannot alone adjust the differ
ence, as the disagreement between the
telephone company and Its employes takes
In the entire coast and must be settled
on a much broader basis than If it was
a purely local fight.
Whatever- agreement is reached by the
conference committee will be submitted
to President Sabln through the mediator,
who has taken a part in the final adjust
ment of the trouble, before any announce
ment Is given to the public.
Attitude of President of Company
Leads to Hope of Early
Settlement.
SABIN" AND MAYOR CONFER
ON STRIKE OF LINEMEN
GERMAN OFFICER
IS SENT TO JAIL
TO STRENGTHEN
NAVY OF BRITAIN
CONSTANTINOPLE, . Aug. . 4.— Hilma
Pasha reports that a- band of 150 Bulgar
ians flred the Turkish villages of Dollindje'
and Ramna, in the Monastir district, de
stroying a.' Government building and the
teltgraph office In the village of Koro
vosho with bombs arid burned granaries
belonging to Turks and Greeks in the vil
lages through which they passed. - .
SALONICA. European Turkey, Aug. i.
—A railroad bridge at Ekissbn, which is
eighty miles northwest of Salonica, and
a railway storehouse at Bonitza have
been dynamited. The telegraph _Une\ be
tween Monastir and. Salonica - has been
cut. The Greatest uneasiness exists in
the highest and best Informed circles and
a renewal cf the bomb throwing outrages
is feared. Several nihilists of an extreme
type are known to have arrived recently
and it is feared that a serious outbreak
has been planned for September 1, the
Sultan's fete day, though no one would
be surprised if it occurred earlier.
The 'authorities are taking extraordi
nary precautions. The guards at the con
sulates and public buildings have been
doubled and the patrols have been rein
forced at the custom-house.
The number of soldiers in the Salonica
garrison Is 5000. It is believed that the
recent insurgent activity was designed to
draw off a part of these troops, but the
authorities were not trapped.
Renewal of Outrages Causes Uneasi
ness and It Is Feared a General
Outbreak Has Been
Planned.** ,
Railroad Bridges Near Salon
ica Are Wrecked With
Dynamite
SANTA ROSA, Aug._JL— The life was
crushed out of Henry Yandex Straten at
Fulton- late last evening: by some freight
cars on the California Northwestern rail
road. He lingered for several hours be
fore death came to. his relief. He was sec
tion foreman at Fulton, and was engaged
in the performance of his duty at the
time of the accident. The first his com
panions knew, of .the accident was when
they saw the urif6rtunate man "beneath
the wheels and. being rolled along the
ground. '
After receiving his Injuries he called one
of. his men" to him, delegated his autho
rity,'and directed how the work in hand
should proceed. He was brought here on
a special train, and .reported his action in
placing one of his men In charge of his
gang to Division Superintendent J. W.
Barrows. One of hl3 limbs was amputated
before his death, but his condition would
not permit the amputation of the other.
One of the distressing incidents connect
ed with the death of the young man was
the fact that In a couple of weeks he was
to have wedded Miss Hixon of Pieta. He
had been connected with the railroad six
years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Less than half an hour before the rob
bery was committed the manager had
left the house for the night and had
transferred $1500 in gold from the faro
table to the safe. The robbery had evi
dently been carefully planned and the
thief was familiar with the house, for
he was evidently aware that Gibson did
not have a gun in the drawer of his
table. The man \ at the roulette table
had a six-shooter, and together with" the
barkeeper sent a bullet after the robber.
Half a dozen men were standing at
the bar not twenty feet away. When
Gibson gave the alarm the robber was
leaving by the back door. The bar
keeper rushed for his gun and pursued
the fleeing man, firing three shots, but
none took effect, and the robber escaped.
The officers have not the slightest
clew.
* The Cabinet Club is located on the
main corner of Tucson, not half a block
from the postofflce. Dick Gibson was
dealing at the faro bank and his look
out was standing with his back turned
talking to the dealer at the roulette
wheel when the thief entered by th«
back door. He walked direct to the
faro bank, where no one happened to be
playing at the time, drew his revolver
and had Gibson covered and the money
in his pockets before the latter had re
covered from his surprise. In his haste
to get away he dropped a $5 gold piece
on the floor.
TUCSOX, Ariz.. Aug. 4. — A masked
robber entered the Cabinet Club gam
bling hall at 3 o'clock this morning,
placed a six-shooter against the fore
head of the dealer at faro bank and
swept $495 in goldrnto his pocket. The
deed was done so quickly that the thief
had departed by the back door before
the men who were in the hall at the time
knew that the robbery had been com
mitted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TRUXTUN BEALE
IS STILL ANGRY
Deputy Sheriff Butts testified that
when the' young men, Howard McLellan
and Brismo Martlne/ surrendered them
selves they claimed that : the shooting
was accidental, saying |hat they were
shooting at a target and did not know
of ' the presence of the bathers until
after La Palme had t>een killed.
To-morrow the preliminary examina
tion of George McLellan, Howard Mc-
Lellan and Brismo Martlne, who have
been held for manslaughter, will com
mence before Justice of the Peace James
Hannon. '¦- ' ,.'""
From the testimony introduced, how
ever, the jury held' the McLellans',
George" and Howard, and'yoyng Martine
responsible for the death of the. boy.
Death resulted, according to the. verdict
returned to Coroner Crow*, /'from shock
and ¦ hemorrhage caused ', by • a rifle-shot
wound." " ¦¦' ¦ f . • - -
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 4.— The court
house was crowded to-night by' persons
who . expected to hear Brismo Martlne
tell what he knew of , the shooting of
young George La Palme, but they went
away disappointed;, for Martlne was not
put upon the stand, although .he was
present at the inquest. It had been in
timated that he would make a complete
confession,. to the Coroner's jury of his
connection with the shooting and would
charge George . McLellan :y with ordering
him .to lire the shot that killed La
Palme. ." ' . ._? ' V ''.'¦¦ *
Special Dispatch to The Call, i
Apply • Torch and Use
Bombs in Work of
Destruction.
Boldness of the Crime Asi
. tounds the Police
\ . of Tucson.
Appoints a Substitute After
Being Terribly Crushed
by Cars.
Inquiry. Into ; Tragedy Near
Redwood City Is
Concluded. '
Remarkable Coolness of
a Foreman After
Accident.
Masked Stranger Takes
a Faro Bank's Coin \
and Escapes.
Three Young Men Are
Responsible for La
Palme's Death.
Charles M. Schwab Relinquishes Control of Big Corpora
tion, Owing to 111 Health, and Is Succeeded by William
E. Corry, Who- Has Been His Assistant for Some Time
BULGARIANS
BURN TOWNS
IN MONASTIR
NOT ACCIDENT,
SAYS THE JURY
GIVES ORDERS
AS DEATH HEARS
DARING BANDIT
ROBS GAMBLERS
RESIGNS AS PRESIDENT
OF THE STEEL COMBINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; -WEDNESDAY,. AUGUST 5, 1903.
2
2.V Dec. Aftcr-Dlnner Cup*, Saucers. lOc
10c boxes Paper and Envelope* 5c
Oood Wax Candles, dozen 15r
fj-jr, Blissell C*rpet Sweeper SI.*7
10c fYockery Cup« and Saucer* 5e
20c Handled Flour Sifters for lOc
Kettle Knobs, lr; Tea Etralnere lc
Mason's Htove PoHeh, lc; Vaseline.. .4c
25c Decorated Crockery Chambers for..25e
Keg. 10c Crockery Mush Howls for 5e
<Oc Black Ladien' Lace Hose for 2Ae
»c Black Ladle*' Lace Hose Tor.. IOo
f4.S0 r.O-j-r Porcelain Dinner t»tt..|t3.5O
S5 4»-pc Fancy Dec. Dinner. B*t... $3.05
W)c Decorated Chin* Ouspldore* for... 35c
All colori Illusion, yard .:....:. lOc
$1.75 Challenge Wringer?. e «le ?1.22
Mrs. Potts IronF, E*t of 3 for K8c
Babbitt Soar, 6 bar* 2Se
Kaptha Soap, all wf*>k. 6 for....... 2R«
10c bar Ivory and Que*n L.Hy Soap 7e
« Sapclio. 23c; 12 Dandy Soap 25c
2Sc Parlor Brooms for 15c
ISc and C5c Veiling?, odds-ends, yard.. 5c
r&irbankf" Fairy Soar, " bars for 25c
lArfe lfc pkgs P«"arlin«», 3'for 25e
85c No. 7 A»ate Tea Kcttlr* for.. OOc
*0c Arate Cv>v*»r*d Fiuwpan for 25c
30c 3-<jt Airate I^lp Saucepan for I Me
10c Acate Match Safes fof ;....5c
:-&c 4-qt Acate Lipped Saucepan 22c
Wool Mown, all color*, yard 25c
60e Silk Moreen, all colors, yard :.28e
:'«-!n Clack Shadow Silk Lining, yard.. so
3G-in 25c Black Mercerized Lining, yd. ISc
SOc Ta;-e Coreetg on sale for 33c
Rea;. 2Dc H»-<jt Tin Dlrhpana for I5o
ISc 10-ln Axate Pie Plates for 7c
H»c Ga» Lighter and Taper, both lOc
15c Mop Stick and 10c Mop, bovh I5c
10c Moldlnr Hook*, epecial, doz Be
PRICES FOR ALL THIS WEEK.
35-37 Taylor Street.
RED HOT- \ n/lM'O
PRICES ATLfcVIWO
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISE3IE2JTS.
ANNOUNCE THIS WEEK
COLLEGE BOYS' OUTHTTINGS
SF Boarding schools and colleges will soon be open-
ing, and it behooves parents and guaraians to look to
their boys' outfits before they go away.
SF We note below some of the things needed by
the well-dressed college boy to fit him out properly
for the school year.
$ Both single-breasted and double-breasted sack
suits are favorites for general wear among young
men during the college year.
Our new styles have arrived in Fancy Tweeds, tf« |A AA
Cheviots; also in Blues and Blacks; swagger »p lvr»vlvr
shapes, perfect in form and fit .•........,..„.^ and up
Tuxedo and Full Dress Suits will be needed for C*O£J i\f\
society meetings and all social functions. Both *pdm\J*\J\t
are, here in latest cut and material. Tuxedos . ¦
Full Dress Suits for evening wear; made of best C*O"y £\(\
materials; accurately cut and shaped to glove- «pO# «vJ vr
fitting perfection; tailored in the highest style j UD
of the art..,..,.. , an " V
In Overcoats we have the long Oxfords and fancy tf* I f\ f\(\
mixed Cheviots, some with belts; also short- *P ¦"•"Vr
er Topcoats of Covert Cloth, very swell box and UD
.shapes .......,.........,.'....!.., ..,. ...i'
A few extra pairs of Trousers will come in handy <T O EZf\
to wear with old coats and vests, thus being a *r »• vr vr
most economical investment > • and Up
Get your boy a Laundry Bag; it will help to keep C« f CZfi
his room neat 4* ¦•vIVT
Full and complete lines of Hats, IJnderwear, Sweaters, Shirts.
Hosiery, Neckwear and Furnishing Goods generally at moderate
I Our Special Sale of ROOS MADE, BROKAW
BROS.' and ROGERS, PEET & CO.'S High-
Orndc, Light- Weight Suits for men. Is still
i?orm rros
J^ \Jr \J±J Ml*P 1/%^ \>S ±*J •
! KEARNY AT POST
DE. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
. LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT,
The Wonderful Kidney, Liver and
Bladder Remedy..
.SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FREE BY MAIL.
Swamp-Root, discovered by the eminent
kidney and bladder specialist, promptly
cures kidney, liver, bladder and uric acid
troubles.
Some cf the early symptoms of weak
kidneys are pain or dull ache In the back,
rheumatism, dizziness, headache, nerv-
ousness, catarrh of the bladder, gravel or
calculi, bloating, sallow complexion, puf-
fy or dark circles under the eyes, suppres-
elon of Urine, or compelled to pass water
often day and night.
. The mild and extraordinary effect of the
world-famous kidney remedy. Dr. Kil-
ir^r's Swamp-Root, is soon realised. It
stands the highest for Its wonderful cures
of the most distressing cases. If you need
a medicine you shsuld have the best.
Swaiap-Root Is not recommended for
everything, but i: you have kldcey t liver,
b'adder or uric acid trouble you will find
it Just the remedy you need.
Sold by druggists :n fifty-cent and one-
. dollar sizes. You may have a sample bot-
' tie of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and a
pasiph'.et that tells all about It. including
. many of the thousands of letters received
from Fufferors cured, both sent free by
irail. Write Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Eingham-
icn. N*. T.. and please be sure to mention
that you read this srenercus offer in The
Fan Francisco Daily Call. Don't make
any mistake, but remember the name.
Swamp- Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root.
and the address. Binghaxntoa, X. Y., en
every bottle.HOME OF A RANCHER IN THE WILD EL DORADO COUNTY REGION WHICH WAS VISITED BY ONE OF
THE CONVICTS WHO ESCAPED FROM THE FOLSOM PRISON AND PERSONS WHO HAVE BEEN IDEN
TIFIED WITH INCIDENTS IN THE PURSUIT. "
a whist party this evening at 8 o'clock at As
sembly Hall, Red Men's bulldlnr, on Post
street. The following: ladies have the affair
In charge: Mrs. O. A. Hubbell. Miss Alice
Banner. Mies Dorothy Rojas. Miss Villa Rey
nolds, Mrs. M. E. HaU and Miss Florence M.
Logan.
WOMAN'S CLUB ENTERTAINMENT.— The
Business Woman's Club will give a dance and
DRYTOWN, Amador County, Aug.
j 4.— The trained mountaineers of
' Amador County have at last Bet
out upon the trail of the escaped
convicts. It has been decided
that the chase shall continue un
til tlio lives of the outlaws are ended, for
It wllf be a battle to death. The moun
taineers are determined to win success.
To-night Sheriff T. K. Norman and fif
teen followers are taking a course in the
direction of Fair Play. To-morrow they
will take the scent of the quarry on the
middle fork of the Cosumnes River.
Plymouth to-day presented a martial
appearance. Mounted men with guns
were ridlr/g through the streets. Great
supplies of provisions wero being packed
In bags and boxes by women, while men
were cleaning' rifles and examining car
tridges. Withal there was a feeling of
expectancy pervading the whole town.
Just before nightfall Norman and six fol-
Ibwers arrived from Jackson. Four men
from Plymouth joined them Immediately.
As the detachment departed after sup
per five half-breed trailers dropped into
the company.
Fred Jackson Is chief counselor of the
Sheriff. He walks with a limp, which has
been his portion since the historic battle
of Stone Corral when John Sontag went
his way to death. It was Jackson, too,
who fired the fatal bullet: Jackson . has
few words to say. He thinks his work is
only a matter of Interest to others. Af
ter much persuasion he said to-night:
"We are surely going after outlaws and
will stay with It. It makes no difference
if it lasts a week, a month or a year. I
shall do . my best to wipe the scoundrels
from the face of the earth. ' I have" no
fear of being ambushed.. .No experienced
mountaineer will' get Into any such trou
ble as that. I have been. trailing men all
my life and do not dislike it. I have
caught some and lost others. , There is no
telling from the start what will happen,
and thev may get me this time. It will
be all right, anyway. .
"The last man-hunting I did was after
a stage robber, two months" ago, and I
did not uet him. It" might bo the same
way this time, but I do not think we will
miss all of the rascals. ., We will Interest
them some, at least, before the wlnd.-up.
I do not want to talk until' we come back, i
NASHVILLE, Tenn.. Aug. 4.— The National
'Afsociation of Window Trimmer* of America
¦Wtt-t in annual session here to-4a.y. being called
vo order by President E. M. GoMmaa cf San
JTranclsco. A constitution and by-laws are
under consideration for revision.
however, so you can wait until then and
perhaps I will have something to tell
you." t
Sheriff Norman is a little fellow with a
grizzly mustache and piercing eyes. He
looks as wlfy as an acrobat. In speak
ing of the prospective hunt he said:
"We are In this thing to the finish. 1
do not care where we wind up. I know
the mountains like a book. We have not
yet marked out our campaign. "We will
have to be guided by circumstances. You
can say that the whole crowd Is com
posed of experienced .trailers who arc
stickers as well. Nothing like that am
bush of National Guardsmen at the Grand
Victory mine will happen to us.' We go
at it in a different way. I am not tak
ing out these boys to have them slaugh
tered. Some of the men travel On horses,
some go afoot. I may possibly divide the
detachment further on. Reinforcements
will follow us from day' to day, as many
men we want are not able to go at pres
ent.
A. GIgnac, G. M. Wyatt and T. P. Col
bin, who started from Placerville last
night, are to' endeavor to drive the con
victs to the posse. Norman and his men
will try both to head off the» fugitives and
to overtake them, as need may be. The
course will be to-night to a -point six
miles above Oleta.- After that no- plans
have been made except to catch the con
victs. A courier on horseback will be sent
to Plymouth or Jackson daily if practi
cable, but whenever anything interesting
happens in any case. Sheriff .Bosqult of
El Dorado County will be apprised of the
progress of campaign and will send as
sistance if necessary.
It Is now believed that the convicts will
make for the Blue j Lake region. Norman
and . his men also expect to get to Slip
pery Rock at Red Lake grade on the
summit of the Sierras. The Sheriff and
Jackson will have i with them, besides
half-breeds, E. J. Bonestell of Butter
Creek, "W. R. Covert of Amador, ,T. . M.
Danelson. Robert ' M. Carroll. Otto Pack
ard and Julius Fragulla of Plymouth, P.
W.Paller of lone and Lawrence Whfte of
Amador. ' ¦¦:¦".'»<'
It is generally believed that • the five
convicts whom Norman and his men are
pursuing axe Miller, Murphy, Theron,
Howard and "Woods. Old man Easty.
whose cabin near Copper Lead on the
Cosumnes Rives, was ; robbed Sunday
night, identified the photographs of the
first four named , above as those of his
visitors. Woods was known to have pos
sessed: opera glasses which 1 were dropped
on the hill near Grand Victory mine.
Silent, Strong Men of Amador's Mountain Region Assemble for a
Campaign That Promises Battles.
Another fatal mistake was made when
the convicts were located at Pilot Hill
the evening they escaped from Folsom.
It was known that they had mixed up
ammunition. One clear head to direct af
fairs and it would have been possible to
have drawn the fire of the convicts until
their useful ammunition Was exhausted.
Surrender or death must have then been
Inevitable.
Now that the Sheriffs see the errors
that have been made definite plans and
co-operation are being: carried oiy It looks
now as If the chances of some of the con
victs escaping death are becoming slim.
Sheriff Reese of Sacramento, Sheriff
Jones of Madera and Sheriff Stbley of
San Joaquln arrived here this evening
and will consult with Sheriff Bosqult as
to the best concerted plans to aid the
posses now in the field.
The various Sheriffs and posses were
Instructed to go to certain quarters by
Clerk Brainerd Smith of Folsom prison,
who continuously issued orders by tele
phone from the prison. Now that the
Sheriffs have had time to think over the
situation they see the absurdity of ever
having accepted orders from Clerk
Smith. Smith is an excellent bookkeeper
and penman, but his physical disability
has prevented him from being* able to
ever go through the country, and his
knowledge of It is absolutely nil.
It is the general opinion of the Sheriffs
and the members of the posses with
whom a Call correspondent has talked
in the past few days that If the militia
company from Placerville and all the
posses had been ordered to scour the Im
mediate territory around Folsom. prison
and then worked to a common center the
convicts would long ago have been wiped
out of existence.
MISTAKES AT START.
The increase of the reward for each of
the convicts to $500 has been hailed with
satisfaction here. The general opinion
among the law officers Is that an error
was made In not placing the hunt for
convicts in, the hands of some one ex
perienced person.
the two convicts. The posses working
from each direction are heading for head
quarters, which are situated north of Pil
ot Creek and below the south fork of the
middle fork of the American River.
" MARYSVILLE, Aug. 4. — The ques
tion pow is if at least two of the Fol-
. s j?om escapes may not be hiding some
where in this locality. "When the north
abound Oregon express passed Rosevllle
Junction this morning two suspicious
[characters boarded the train. One of
the • men answered the description of
Kay Fahey. a life-termer, and the con
ductor telegraphed to the authorities
here to be at the depot when the train
arriv6d prepared to meet the suspicious
looking passengers.
Five police officers met the train
when It rolled In at 2 a. m.. and • were
Informed by the train crew that the
men had got off at Lincoln, twenty miles
south of here. The conductor was
shown pictures of the escaped convicts
and. immediately picked out Fahey as
being that of one of the men. The brake
man was not certain, but believed that
the other man was "Red Shirt" Gordon.
Conductor Notifies Marysville Police,
.tut Supposed. Convicts Escape.
SUSPECTS ON A TRAIN.
Two of the convicts are known to be
northeast of Placerville, between Mos
quito and Soapweed. Their trail was tak
en up some days ago and was followed
by ex-Constable Bob Moherter of George
town. These two convicts were the ones
reported early last week to have been
seen near Greenwood. They have un
doubtedly been working east from Green
wood, with the intention of heading for
the road that leads across the county to
Lake Tahoe, near McKlnneys.
In a quiet manner, the . trial of the
outlaws has been followed by Sheriff
Mansfield of San Mateo County, and ex-
Sheriff Conroy of Placer County. Con-
PTTHSUIT FROM GREENWOOD.
From the location where the convicts
were last seen they must take the North
Fork or the Middle Fork of the Cosumnes
RJver. as if they work up the other forks
of the river they will be unable to go
ahead on account of the waterfalls and
heavy drops of the ravines.
Sheriff Norman of Amador County left
Jackson to-day and with fifteen heavily
armed deputies proceeded to Plymouth.
At Plymouth he will divide his forces and
cover the ground eastward toward Silver
Lake. This district, known as the Cat
Creek country, is very wild and thinly
populated and there aro no means of
communication with the outer world. A
mounted man will accompany the posses
in order to bring news back to Jackson
or Grizzly Flat via Plymouth. Plymouth
has telephone communication with Placer
ville and Jackson. *.
The district south of Pilot Hill where it
is positively known that the negro con
vict, Seavis, and Case are, and possibly a
third outlaw with them, is now swarming
with armed men. The robbery of food
from the Ingram cabin last night was
without doubt the work of these two out
laws. The direction taken by the two con
victs was southeast toward Webber
Creek, and It is in that district that they
are expected to be located and killed by
the officers of the law.
BOUTES OF CONVICTS.
PLACER VI LL-E, Aug. 4.— The chase
of the escaped convicts from Fol
som prison is being carried on
as relentlessly as' ever. Definite
plans are being carried out to
exterminate the bands of outlaws who
have for eight days terrorized this county
and surrounding ones.
Setting aside all false rumors and only
working on absolute ana trustworthy re
ports to-day shows that there are still
three bands of the convicts in El Dorado
County. The band of five who partici
pated in the murderous ambush en Man
zanita Hill last Saturday, when two of
the militia company of Flacervllle were
killed. 13 being hunted for In the south
eastern portion of the county.
The trail leading from Easty's cabin,
which the five convicts looted on Sunday
night. Is being followed by the three pro
fessional trailers who were brought here
by Sheriff Bosqult. These men have had
considerable experience in the Philippines
and in the Western States and they will
follow the trail to the very end. They
are fearless, crack shots and cocl headed
and will use cunning to fight cunning.
As the band of five convicts advance the
trailers will cut off their chance of back
tracking: and this will drive the outlaws
Into the region where Sheriff Xcrman of
Amador County Is v/ith his men.
stable Sturman of Georgetown and three
men are with the Sheriffs, determined not
to give up the chase until the two mur
derers are rounded up and wiped out of
existence by bullets.
Sheriff Keena of Placer County has two
deputies working westward to head off
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
Pursuit Continues on Definite Lines and
Valuable Discoveries Make for
Success. Tpki
to be In hlfllr.g a few miles south
cf Pilot Hill. Positive information was
sent to Sheriff Bcsijult this morning that
the two convicts had stolen food last
right from a cabin at Ingrain's mine.
Ingram is a* colored man and works the
jxilce with three other men of his race.
The food consisted of beans and corned
beef and was stolen from the cookstove
In the ppen air. The location of Ingram's
mine Is near the place where Eeavis and
Case .took clr.ncr Saturday night with Mr.
trid'Mrs. Chapman.
The arrival of the bloodhounds here to
day .caused great excitement. On the ar
rival of the afternoon train hundreds of
people. were- at the depot. The dogs were
In the baggage car with their owner. Dep
uty ShcrlS C. P. Fcrrell of Reno. New
The names of the animals are Jumbo and
Befs, and they are splendid specimens of
their breed.
•DOGS TUG AT CHAINS.
The dogs, after leaving the railroad car.
hucjed at the etout iron chains that held
them in leash. Ferrcl tvas met by Sheriff
BcsQuit and with the animals proceeded
Vo th© Sheriff's office. The dogs were
locked in a cell so that no false scent
rnigf.t be given them by any friends of
the escaped cpnvicts, who are- thought to
be hovering in this district.
"At 3 o'clock this afternoon. Ferrel
started with the hounds for the Webber
•Creelt .district. He was accompanied by
Jiuard J. A. gpeneer of Folsom Prison.
lEejmty Sheriff Gillcook of El Dorado.
J'rank Dargett, William Krurnpe and
.."•ohn Lowes, deputies of Sheriff Bosqult.
Ferrell, who will work the dogs, took
with him portions of the prison suit dis
carded by the negro convict. Seavis. when
he and the re«t of the outlaws changed
their clothes on the day of the outbreak
at Folsom. when they reached Foster's
ranch wiUi the guards they had captured.
The prison suit wae pent to Sheriff Bos
cjiiit yesterday and has been kept, wrap
ped jn paper, under lock and key.
FEBREIX IS HOPEFUL.
Ferrell made the following statement to
a Call corresronder.t just before he drove
off Avith his. companions to the Webber
j.'rerk district:
"I have every hope of finding the trail
< f the negro. Seavis. We have with us
of his clothing that contain the
•lii:xnan scent that is of such great value
iVi using bloodhounds. When we get to
the place where the negro was last seen
I will take the portions of the convict's
•clothes and rub them over the noses of
-ihe bloodhounds. If the scent of the ne-
FTO is anywhere In the neighborhood the
<:og3 will pick It up. It is difficult to
¦work the animals In a dry country for
tne reason that the scent of the human
body, is evaporated. Still. I have every
liojW'of success. 1 use<i the Cogs in trac
ing the outlaw Tracy and they are In
condition."
' Sheriff Bosquit notified Folsom Prison
•Jiat the robbery of the food at the In
{frarn mine was undoubtedly done by Sea
vis and Case. Guards were ordered from
.Folsom to Salmon Falls and Pilot Hill
arfd it is hoped that with the work of
the bloodhounds the felons will be run
.down. Posses of guards have gone to
the spot where Seavis and Case are
thought to be. All of the members of the
jjosse. know every Inch of the country,
as they recently went over it during the
. first few .days of the chase, for the out
law*.
PLACERVILLJ:, Aug. 4.— Some
time to-night bloodhounds will be
placed on the tracks of Convicts
Eeavis and Case, wio are known
Fpeclal Dispatch to TTie Call
After the service in the church the coffin
was again placed on the gun carriage and
the procession re-formed and marched
to Union Cemetery. Sad indeed was tho
final scene there and tears coursed down
the faces of the men who had fought side
by side with Rutherford on the fatal
manzanita hill last Saturday afternoon.
Many women were overcome by emotion
aj the last words of the funeral service
were uttered by the pastor and the cas
ket was lowered.
The firing squad advanced and at the
command of Captain Swlsler three volleys
were fired over the grave. Bugler "Wal
ters sounded "taps." As all stood with
bowed heads, the mournful sounds of the
bugle were caught up by the surrounding
hills and were echoed far and wide.
To a lively quickstep the militia re
turned to . town and the mourners and
friends of Rutherford sadly wended their
way home, to reassemble in the after
noon and pay their last honors to the
comrade of the' man who was to be buried
In the afternoon. The scenes witnessed at
the burial of Rutherford In the morrlng
were repeated when Jones was buried.
Every honor was given to the memory
of the brave fellow who had fought
through many battles in the Philippines,
only to find an awful death in this peace
ful community at the hands of the out
laws who broke from Folsom prison. As
the sun was sinking behind the hills the
sound of the volleys from the guns of
the firing squad told of the last tragic
chapter In the ' life of Jones. Though
there was no one of kith and kin to take
part In the final rites given bis remains,
there was no lack of tender love and sym
pathy. The men and women of Placer
ville did all In their power to give honor
to Jones In placing his body in the quiet
cemetery. A handsome monument will be
placed by the citizens of Placervlllle to
mark the resting place of the two young
heroes.
This morning the body of Rutherford,
which had lain all night in his parents*
home at Missouri Flat, was brought 'into
Placervilla. The hearse was followed by
carriages bearing the relatives of tho
dead man and their grief was pitiful to
behold. On • arriving at the lower end
of the town the hearse was met by th©
members of Company H, under command
of Captain Swlsler. The coffin was re
moved from the hearse and placed upon
the carriage' of a six-pounder 'field -gun
and it was draped by an American flag.
On the top of the coffin rested the uni
form, cap and the medals won. In shoot-
Ing contests belonging to the deceased.
The number of floral tokens completely
bid the flag from view, where It- was
draped across the coffin.
At the sound of the bugle, the military
cortege began its march through the
town. Ahead, the military band played
a dirge, then came the members of tho
militia, marching four abreast. The gun.
carriage bearing the flag-draped casket
was drawn by long ropes handled by
twenty friends of the dead man. On each
side of the coffin walked the pallbearers,
who were members of the military com
pany. They were John Harris, Oscar
Mann, W. C. Burgess, Thomas Harris.
"Warren Tobey and Major P. F. Slmonds
of Nevada City. . •
Men and women belonging to the fra
ternal brotherhood. Zenda Lodge, were
In the sad procession. A number of the
members of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West, dressed In white and with
bands of crape on their arms, also walked
in the cortege. There was a long line
of carriages bearing relatives and friends
of Rutherford.
The funeral service at the church was
most impressive and men and women
wept as the pastor feelingly offered up
prayer and lauded the deeds of the de
ceased and his comrade who had so gal
lantly laid down their lives In defense of
justice. The interior of the church was
far too small to accommodate those who
desired to be present at the funeral ser
vice.
prison last Saturday, were Interred.
Flags have been drooping at half mast
all over the city, the stores have re
mained closed and people from far and
wide have flocked here to watch the fu
neral cortege pass along to the sound of
dirges and the roll of muffled drums.
The body of Rutherford . was burled
this morning and that of Jones, was
given burial, this afternoon. The funeral
services took place In the Methodist Epis
copal Church and were conducted by the
Rev. George C. King, the pastor. A sad
feature of the burial of Jones was the
absence of any relatives. The young man
had only lived here for . six months, his
home having been In Tennessee, was
separated from his wife, who is supposed
to live in San Francisco. The Coroner
tried to locate her address, but failed to
do so.
"he Formidable Beasts
Were Trackers of
Tracy.
Onine Manhunters
Eager for the
Chase.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLBk' Aug. 4.— To-day
has been a sad one for Placer
vllle, for, with honors rendered by
the entire community, the bodies
of, Festus Rutherford and Griffin
Jones, the two brave members of
Company. H" of "the' Second Regiment of
the National Guard, who were murdered
by the escaped convicts* from Folsom
Impressive Funeral Ceremonies Held in
Stricken County Seat of
OUTLAWS SEPARATED INTO THREE FLEEING BANDS
LEAVE TRAILS FOR THE POSSES AND BLOODHOUNDS
THE £A:N FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5. 1903.
3
ADVERTISKTreNTS.
O^k Poisoning
• Sunburn, Mosquito and In»ect Bite*.
Prickly Me«t eod Hives quickly cured j
by
This scientific germicide is a
specific for skin troubles that
cures the most stubborn cases —
absolutely harmless. Universally
used by leading physicians for the
last 12 years.
Sold by leading dniggirts or trial «lre
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
See tay signature on every bottle.
61.O Prince St., New York
Send for booklet/
/Business is comfortable,
when customers like their
goods — Schilling's Best — and
are. glad to get them; com-
fortable to both sides.
DOAN'S SIDNEY IILLS.
• ~ -~
I A LURKING DANGER 1
* ¦ There's a lurking danger in >a bad o
I Most backache pains are Kidney ©
I Y y? /« F The kidneys filter the blood, keep J
> f^ffl--, im ~.J$fvb% When the kidney niters become ©
I y£ \ ¥ clogged up many serious disorders 0
* HI?' 'h^^^^m a \ Backache, headache, weariness, ner- ©
1 JKlBK^^^wir vousness ma^ e >' ou miserable all the ©
* jT i^ r : ¦*> x^^^E^^JjbjhHI^H^ 111 C • a
I - §TaiiL gHH Neglect sick kidneys, urinary disor- ©
I fcr^flBk flaPII ers set m > Diabetes, Bright's Disease. ©
I •'¦H Doan'sKidneyPills |
J cure every form of Kidney Ills. They act on the kidneys 5
J only. Doan's Kidney Pills are indorsed by people you know, O
> by San Francisco people. _^2_jd i_» _ -•
j FRISCO PROOF. _|
i),~'J. Collins, employed in the wholesale furniture department of the *•
>¦ Emporium, residence 2306 Mission street, says: "When a man has a .©
I pain in his back every now and then and the attacks cover a period of '**
j over two years, when he knows that in some way his kidneys are af- 5
I fected, when he at last finds a means to at first check the trouble q
|j and then radically dispose of it, he is only too pleased to let his friends q
) and acquaintances who may be suffering similarly; know what he em- &
> ployed. I used Doan's Kidney Pills, and from the benefit I received O
> I have not the. slightest hesitation in very emphatically indorsing the •
[ ..remedy.". . •
» ALL DRUGGISTS, 50s. FOSTER-MILBURN CO., Buffalo,,! 1 ?. Y. '•
NEXT SUNDAY'S
I ART SUPPLEMENT,
"THE RUSSIAN WEDDING,"
Effectively framed either in
Flemish brown, ebony or gilt
frame, about three or four
inches; framed closely."Do you accept your election according
to the canonical law as supreme Pon
tiff?" .
Cardinal Oreglia, as dean of the Cardi
nal bishops, called Cardinals Netto and
Macchi, the deans respectively of the Car
dinal priests and Cardinal deacons. They
approached the new Pontiff, saying in
Latin, distinctively but in a shaking
voice:
"Sarto," "Sarto," ran from mouth to
mouth, penetrating to the farthest cor
ners of the Vatican precincts. All scur
ried towarfl the Sistine Chapel to see the
new Pontiff and pay their homage an<f
to have the honor to be among the first
to kies his hand. After the election, even
when the excHement began to calm down,
none seemed to know what to do, it be
ing to all, except Cardinal Oreglia, a new
ceremonial.
amid visible excitement, tha eager faces
of the conclavists and prelates being seen
crowding about the door.
It is Impossible to describe the confu
sion in* the chapel. The friends and sup
porters of the new. Pope gathered around
him. complimenting and congratulating,
crying "Viva!"' and even clapping their
hands without ceremony. They appeared
to be unable to contain their joy.
The new Pope is one of eight children
two sons and .six daughters. . One of his
sisters is a dressmaker, another is mar
ried to a sacristan, a third is married to
a wine shop keeper and the others are
unmarried. The new Pope is the seventh
who has come from the region of Venice.
Among the Venetian Popes was Benedict
XII, who by . a . coincidence was . elected
Pope exactly 559 years ago to-day.
Regarding the veto power supposed to
be vested in Austria, Spain and Italy, this
Cardinal said that no attempt had been
made to exercise such a power and that
the Sacred College was greatly divided as
to the continuance of that tradition. A
Venetian might be objectionable to Aus
tria, but, the Cardinal said, he failed to
see why that should be so because the
ancient enmity between Venice and Aus
tria was confined to a small section of the
Italian 'people. Besides, Austria was
Italy's ally and there should be no mis
givings regarding the future "course of
Plus X. who had kept himself utterly out
of - politics and, bo far as this Cardinal
could learn, had not identified himself
with any particular movement, political
or otherwise.
He seems, however, to have a charmlnp per
sonality and possesses the complete confidence
of most of the members of the Sacred College,
who, being residents of Italy and' thereabouts,
are fully able to Judire. I am told he is de
voted to Venice and has frequently said that ho
could never be happy elsewhere. Poor man!
Unless things change far more than I expect
Plus X will never see his beloved Venice again
unless, after his body lies beside that of I>eo
XIII, his spirit may be able to revisit the place
where he spent so many happy years.
conclave treatise* disagreed and invariably put
me to sleep with. a headache. , • ,¦
Through a crack In the boards which were
placed over the window in my cell I could see
the crowd In the plaza of St. Peter's. It in
deed formed a wonderful sight. To reach my
room I had to climb 128 steps — you see, I had
plenty of time to count them. This was not a
penance, as there was an elevator, to which I
nave a deep-rooted objection. Besides, I am
»ure the exercise did me good.
He added that it was Impossible to say
who, next to Sarto, had come nearest to
being Pope.
Speaking personally of Plus • X he
frankly confessed that he hart scarcely
heard of him before he entered the con
clave except to write to him the Clrrlst
mas greetings usual between Cardinals.
He continued: *
NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— Announcement
waa made to-day at the Bulldir.gr Trades
Employers* Association to the effect that
a general arbitration board has been ar
ranged to take care- of all difficulties be
tween employers and the union* which
have signed the plan of arbitration. Sam
uel B. Donnelly, who for years has been
prominent in labor circles, waa elected
secretary. •• %r-r
Arbitration Board Ia Appointed.
These committees will tell the ofScers
of the company the result of the referen
dum vote that has been taken on the
question of a strike and will ask the of2
cers to meet their demands. In ease of a
flat refusal the committee will then ad
journ to prepare for calling a strike of
the 2000 trainmen and conductors em
ployed by the road.
National officers of the two employes'
organizations are in Chicago to-night and
are doing their best to prevent a strike.
The dispute is over the new agreement
presented by the conductors and trainmen
early this year. This provided for an in
crease of 12% per cent in wages of the
men in the passenger service and 13 per
cent for those in the freight service. At
the same time that the demands for In
creased wages were presented, the road
was asked to approve of certain working
rules.
CHICAGO. Aug. 4.— Trainmen and con
ductors employed b> the Chicago. Rock
Isiand and Pacific have voted to strika
unless the road pay3 the Increases In
wages that they have demanded. Their
determination will be made known to the
officers of the railroad company to-mor
row, when committees representing the
Order of Railway Conductors and the
Brotherhood of Railway Trainmen will
wait on them.
Will Quit Their Posts
Unless Demands Are
Granted.
TRAINMEN READY
TO BEGIN STRIKE
SALT LAKE, Aug. 4.— "The Roman
Catholio church la to ba congratulated
upon the- speedy election of a successor
to the late Pope Leo XIII." said Presi-*
dent Joseph Smith of the Mormon church
to-day. "Cardinal Sa«o has achieved en
viable fame as a model Bishop and In his
offlce as patriarch of Venice for ten
years Is reputed to have- given evidence)
of wisdom, piety and good Judgment. As
a man beloved by Catholics and one in
favor by tho ¥ Italian Government, his
election augurs well for peace and jrood
will in Italy and throughout the Catholio
world."
Mormon Voices His Praise,
Advices from Riese, the birthplace of
Plus X and a village of 4000 inhabitants,
state that the Pope's mother,, now dead,
when ' living: therein occupied a small
peasant's house, having in her humility
always, refused to live with her son Giu
seppe,'as even his modest establishment
He remained in an ante-chamber, affa
bly conversing with the generals and ad
mirals gathered there. When the King
learned of his presence he came to re
ceive him on the threshold of the cham
ber and kept him In conversation and
had him accompany him afterward in
a gondola, while all the soldiers and
guards rendered Sarto military honors.
Naturally this does not mean that Sarto.
once Pope, will fundamentally change the
policy that the church has adopted to
ward the Vatican stated but certainly his
personal ' feelings will be favorable to
moderatidn.
"Sarto" in Italian means "tailor," and
Pius.X when a young seminarist, being
rather elegant in his priestly robes, hjs
companlons/'used to joke, saying that he
evidently knew the business.
FAVOBITE OF THE KING.
He has very modest tastes, having re
tained almost the same habits as when
he was a . mere curate at Salzano. He
was severe but just with his clergy. There
ia nothing he dislikes so much as pub
licity, detesting the praise and compli
ments of courtiers. Frankness is another
of his principal qualities, although he ia
somewhat timid.
As the Italians say, he has no harm on
his tongue or pen. Even so, Pius X often
wrote truths which were^ perhaps un
pleasant
He used then to say that he dfd not like
to go out of eight of the lions of St.
Mark, which now he will never see again,
if. as is almost sure, he follows the rule
inaugurated by his two predecessors,
never to leave the Vatican.
In a few cases in which he came to
Rome, on returning when asked If he en
joyed thp gorgeousnesa of the Papal* court
and the magnificence of the functions,
Sarto answered: ""When I am there I feel
like a fish out of water."
The relations of Sarto with the House
of Savoy are well illustrated by what
occurred two months ago, when the King
of Italy went to Venice to open the In
ternational art exhibition. King Victor
Emmanuel grave orders that the patri
arch be given precedence over.' all the
local authorities, but Sarto, having ar
rived, while the King was speaking to the
prefect, who is the highest Government
official . in the .province, refused to be
announced, and said he would not disturb
his Majesty.
Sarto became the Idol of the Venetians.
"When his gnndola went through the
canals the people rushed on the bridges
and. along the sides of the canals, kneel
ing and saluting, the women exclaiming:
"God bless the patriarch."
- Hi3- preferment to the Venetian patri
archate'was the solution of a very trou
blesome question. The Italian Govern
ment maintained that the presentation of
|the : candidate for the office was one, ol
'the prerogatives of the King as helr^to
the .ancient privileges granted by the
Pope to the republic of Venice. Sarto's
selection ended the contention, for though
chosen by the Pope he was a great fa
vorite with King Humbert himself and
entirely acceptable to his Ministers. So
the exaquatur, which, had been long with
held, was granted to him. The Italian
Cabinet had no feeling against Sarto per
sonally. In- fact, ¦ he' might quite, well
have been their choice if the papacy had
not wished him, but it was a political
question on which, however, they soon
gave way.
In Venice he distinguished himself as
a thorough reformer, suppressing ail
abuses, restoring the dignity of the cler
gy and the earnestness of religion. To
him is due . the revival of a Gregorian
chant in the beautiful churches overlook-
Ing the lagoons, and to him is- due the
strict Hturgic rules.
IDOL OP THE VENETIANS.
Venice alone of all the important cities
of Italy has only patriarchal rank, while
many smaller cities are archiepiscopal
seats. The acceptance of the more hum
ble office, however, cost him but a little
patience, for on June 12, 1893, after some
two years' service as patriarch, he was
created and proclaimed Cardinal. He has
for his titular church In Rome St. Bar
nardo.
Greater preferment awaited him, how
ever. Pope Leo, who had highly appre
ciated his cleverness, piety and modesty,
appointed him in November, 1SS4, at the
age of 49 years, Bishop of Mantua, where
he remained until he was elected to the
patriarchate of Venice.
In 1875 ha was elected chancellor of the
bishopric of Treviso, then spiritual direc
tor of that seminary, judge of the ecclesi
astical tribunal, and finally vicar general.
HIS PIETY APPRECIATED.
In 1867 he was appointed parish priest
at Salzano, which was considered an im
portant promotion, being a village of 3341
souls. Still, he was exceedingly sorry to
leave Tombolo. having become attached
to the people. The peasants, when he left,
made a most enthusiastic demonstration;
crying "Viva Don Giuseppe," while many
women whose children he had nursed
wept copiously. He distinguished himself
so much at Salzano that he was kept
there only two years, which is remarka
ble in the career of an Italian parish
priest.' His talents attracted the atten
tion of the Bishop of Trevlso, who ap
pointed him canon of the cathedral of
that diocesan city. /
)'•> ' the Roman Catholic world. Is
the same age as was the late lamented
Leo XIII when he was chosen to sit In
the seat of St Peter. He has just turned
his sixty-eighth year, having been born
at Riese, In the diocese of Trevlso, in the
north of Italy, June 2, 1835.
Pius X first studied at a seminary at
Treviso, continued his education at Pa
dua, the seat of one of the great universi
ties of the world, and finished at the
Sacra Theologla at Roine.
- He . was consecrated as priest In 1858,
being In his twenty-third year, at Castel
Franco, the birthplace of the great mas
ter, Georgione. For nine years following
ho was just a plain parish priest
His first cure was at Tombolo, a village
In the province of Padua, . of some 3000
people. These were the first to appreci
ate hia virtues. His kindness was untir
irg. He sought to fill the wants of his
flock and never a murmur was heard
when he was called in the middle of a
winter nlgfct to a deathbed which proved
to be nothing of the kind. He gave freely
of his very small means, until he often
went withdut meals himself, but he kept
many a poor family from starvation.
PIUS X, the former patriarch of
Venice, whom the hands of his
confreres of. the Sacred College
have raised to the supreme dig
nity and spiritual rulershlp of
THE history of the Papacy in the earlier centuries of the church is preserved altogether in the ecclesiasti
cal records of the Vatican, and there are no secular authorities on ; the subject. For many V years it was
contended by certain Biblical scholars that St. Peter's^.yisit to Rome was largely legendary, but more re
cently the best authorities, are at one in the opinion that the visit ia perfectly historical, and that Peter
idied at Rome in much the same way as the legends recite. Counting St. Peter as the first Pope, or rather as
the first Bishop of Rome, there have been, from Peter to Pius X inclusive, 264 sovereign Pontiffs of Rome, the
reigns of whom vary in length from a few days to the long and glorious reigns of men like Gregory XVI, Pius
IX and Leo XIII. A comparatively small number, of the .Popes have been canonized, and these are chiefly the
earlier ones. No saint has 'sat- on the throne of Peter since: 1566." when Pius V ruled'. The question of canoniz
ing the late Pope Pius IX has been long, discussed, but although the conditions seem favorable — in the way of
extreme sanctity, with accompanying miracles and so oh— it may. be centuries before the church will take positive
action. The following is a complete list' of all the Popes of Rome from Peter to Pius X. The months and years
given here .will' be found to be inconsistent with- accepted dates, bu^ the difference is due solely to the variation
in the calendar. The list is from Gams arid is entitled "Series Episcoporum Romanae Ecclesiae," which is ac
cepted by the Roman Catholic church as being correct, and is recorded in the registers of the Vatican:
Date. of . -Date' of. .'.;"¦. . . •- -.:% Date of .
Election. Name. Date of Death. Election,' Name. Date of Death. » Election. Name. Date of Death.
41— Petrus June 29, 65 or 67 715-St. GregoriusII......Feb. 11 731- 1187— Clemens III, March — , 1191
• 67— St. Linus ." ..Sept. 23, 79 731— St. ¦ Gregorius III..".. Nov. 29, 741 - 1191— Coelestinus III .....Jan. 8,1193
79-St. Cletua \ ......April . 26, 81 -741— St. Zacharias .;..... .March 15,- 752 1198— Innocentius III...... July 16, 1216
91— St Clemens I.. .;.... .Nov. '23, 100 . 752— Stephanus II.. ..March — , 752 ' 1216— Honorlus III ........March 18, 1227
100— 6L Evaristus .......Oct. 26, H» 752— Stephanus III........ April '¦ W/. 757 ,- 1227— Gregorius IX ....... Aug. 21, 1241
109-St Alexander .......May 3, 119 757— St Paulus I.. ........ June 2S, 767. 1241-CoeIestlnus IV..Nov. 17 or 18, 1241
119-^St Slxtus ....'.....;.. June 4, 126 7C7— Constantius < II Aug.. 6, 768 ! 1243^Innocentius IV .....Dec. 13,1254
.128— St Telesphorus .....Jan.' 5, 137 768— Stephanus jy.:......Feb. '• 1. 772 ' 1254— Alexander IV May 25, 1261
138— St. Hyginus .Jan. 11, 142 772— Hadrlanus I.':......;.Dec. 25, 795 1261— Urbanus IV Oct.
142— St. Pius I... ...July 11, 156 795— St. Leo III.. .June 12, 816 '1265— Clemens IV ..........Nov. 29,1268
157— St Anicetus •• April 17, 167 816— Stephanus V Jan.. 24, 817 ' 1271^-Gregorius X Jan. 11, 1276
: 168— St. Soter ....April 22, 176 817— St. Paschalis I. .....May 14, 824 1276— Innocentius ,V ...... June .22, 1276
177— St. Eleutherus » May . 26, 189 824— Eugenius II ..Aug. *— ,' 827 .1276— Hadrianus 'V ..-.'.....Aug. '17, 1276
•ISO— St. Victor I April 20. 292 827— Valentinus .— '—,827 1276— Joannes XXI ;.;... .May 16,1277
2027-St. Zephyrinus Aug. 26, 217 627— Gregorius IV.. ...... .Jan. —, 844 1277— Nicolaus III .:..... ..Aug. 22, 12S0
- 2l£-St Calixtus I Oct 14, 222 844— Sergius II... .Jan. 27. 847 1281— Martinus ; IV March 23. 1285
222— St. Urbanus I....!... May 25, 230 847— St. Leo IV July 17, 855 1285— Honorius IV .........April 3.1287
230-St Pontianus .......Sept 23, 235 855— Benedictus III....... April 7, '858 1288— Nicolaus IV April 4,1292
235— St'Anterus Jan. 3, 236 . 858— St. Nicholas I .......Nov. 13, 867 1294— St.Coelestinus--V.(Res.)Dec.l3, 1294
236-St Fabianus Jan. 20, 250 ' 867-Hodrianua II Dec. 1, 872 1294^Bonlfaciua VIII .... Oct 11,1303
251-St. Cornelius ........Sept. 14, 253 872— Joannes VIII Dec. 15, 882 1303-Benedictus XI July. 7.1304
253— St Lucius March 6, 254 882— Marinus I ....May — , ; 884 1305-Clemens V ....: April ¦ 20, 1314
254— St. Stephanus I Aug. - 2, 257 S84— Hadrianus 'ill .Aug. or Sept, 885 : 1316— Joannes XXII ......Deo. 4,1334
25t-St. Sixtus II Aug. 6,258 gis-Stenha^uf VI Sept - 891 1334-Benedictus XII ....April 25.1342
259-St. Dlonysius ..Dec. 26,268 89llForSoTus .'.May 23 896 1342-Clemena VI ..Dee. 6,1352
269-St Felix Dec. 30,-274 ?96-Bon?fac?uVvi June C 5' 1353-Innocentius VI..-....Sept . 12, 1362
275-St Eutychlanus ....Dec. 8. 283 8^I teDn an U^ ? VII "" July - 897 1362-Urbanua V Dec. 19.1370
2S3-St Gaius ..April 22. 296 8^R om anus Nov _' 897 1370-Gregorius XI March 27, 1378
296-St Marcellinua Oct. 25.304 rot Theoriorus ' II "(20 d'avsJ 1378-Urbanus VI Oct. 15,1389
307-St. JIarcellus ...Jan. 15.809 SilTo««n^lx" "julv - MO 1378-Clemens VII ........Sept. 16,1234
309-St Euseblus ...Aug. 17,309 omln^SiMii. TV Amr _' Sn 1394-Benedlct XIII May 23.1423
310-St. Melchiades ......Jan. 11. 314 " Xw!"v Sent -' 903 1389-Qonlfadus IX Oct 1.1404
314-St. Sylvester Dec. 31,335 Jan _'ooi 1404-Inndoentius VII ....Nov. 6. 1406
336-St. Marcus ....Oct 7 -336 r i?° P l?T Jen't 7 Si ¦ "06^-Gregorius, XII ......July 4, 1415
337-St Julius April 12, 352 2Jf" A * l S? 1 ,.iS Nov - m "°*-Alexand«* V May . 3.1410
352-St. Llberius Sept. 24,366 o£It^ S m'I" ' 1410-Joannes " XXITI ....May 24.1415
366-St Damasus Dec. 10.384 ando "~ — " May ~'ln 1417-Martinus V Feb. 20,1431
384-St Siricius Nov. 26.393 !r T J °* n V T "^T ~ f ™ 1 1431-Eugenlus IV Feb. 23.1447
398-St. Anastasius 401 or 2 %££??„?}•''; viiV Marrh 1? S 1447 - N1 c°laus v Mar = h 24 - 1455
402-St. Innocentius I.... March 12, 417 SS~?^ P hanu A_ vm March lo. 931 1455 _calixtus III Aug. 6,1458
417-St Zosimus Dec. 12, 418 2K £w™ Julv "' SS U™-™™ « Au *- 15 - 1454
418-St. Bonifaciua I Sept. 4,422 336-Leo V I( VII). July -.939 1464 _p aulus n Ju i y 28; 1471
422-St Coelestinus I.... July 26,432 l^Tf}^^ 11^ IX ? Ct \, ~'l\l 1471-Sixtus IV Aug. 12.1484
432-St. Slxtus III Aug. 18.440 W2-Marinus II.. April -.946 u S 4-T.nnocentius VIJ.I ...July 25,1492
440-St. Leo I Nov. 10,461 t c AgapetU3 v J! Sr° V * ' i!'. 55 VI Aug. 18,1503
461-St. Hilarus Feb. 21.468 0^^^ ™ * h s ™- 1503 - piua nI - Oct - 18 « im
468-St Slmpllclus March 2. 483 963-Leo VIII .March-, 96o ... 1503-Jullus II ....Feb. 21.1513
4S3-St. Felix III Feb. 25, 492 964-Benedict V — - -. 9Co 1513-Leo X.... Dec 1.1521
492— St Gelasius Nov. 19. 496 965— Joannes XIII Sept. 6, 972 1522— Hadrianus VI Sept. 14. 1523
496-St Anastaslus II. ...Nov. 19. 498 873— Benedict VI July — , 974 1523— Clemens VII.. .......Sept. 25, 1534
49S-St Symmachus July 19, 614 974— Benedictus VII Oct. — . 983 1534-Paulus III ......Nov. 10, 1549
614-St Hormisdas , Aug. 7. 523 083-Joannes -XIV. Killed Aug. 20, 984 i550-Julius Ijr.... March 23, 1555
623-St Joannes I May 18. 526 984-Bonlfaclus VII July — , 9S5 1555-Marcellua II.. April -30, 1555
526-St. Felix IV.... Oct. 12, 530" 985— Joannes . XV April —.990 1555— Paulus IV..'.....'. Aug." 18. 1559
53ft-Bonifaclus II Oct. 17. 532 996-Gregorius V ...Feb. — . 999 1559— Pius IV: .....;. Dec. 9.1565
532— Joannes II May 27, 535 909— Sylvester, II ..May . 12, 1003 " 1566— St. Pius V.:. ;......:. May 1, 1572
535— St. Agapetas'I ..April 22, 536 1003— Joannes XVII. .......Dec. 7.1003 1572— Gregorlus XIII.. April 10,1585
53&i-St Sliverius ~. ..June 20, 538 1003-Joannes XVIII..... ..June —, 1009. 1585-Slxtus V.. ........;... Aug. 27,1590
637-Vteilius June .7. 555 . ' 1009-Sergius IV.. ,*.... June 16 or 22, 1012 1590-Urbanus VII Sept. 27,1590
555-PeIagius I..'...'..'..;...March 3. 660 -1012— Benedict VIII. ......April 7.1024 rl5D0-Greeoxiua .XIV...... Oct..-- 15. 1531
560— Joannes III......,:,.. July 13, 573 1024— Joannes XIX; Jan. —,1033 1591— Innocentius IX Dec. 30.1591
574— Benedictus I July 81, 578 1033— Benedictus IX. Resign. May 1, 1045 1592— Clemens VIII... .....March 5. 1605
578— Pelagius II.... Feb. 6, 690 1045— Gregorius VI.. Resign. Dec. 20, 1046 1605— Leo^XIr *.... April 27.1605
590-St. Gregorius I March 12, 604 1046-Clemens irrrr?*»U...Oct 9.1047 1605— Paulus V Jan.. 28,1621
604— SabinianuB ...Feb. 22, 606 ' 1048-Damascus II..... T:.. Aug. 9,1043 .1621— Gregorius XV.;.... '..July 8,1623
607-Bonifaclus III Nov. 12, . 607 . 1049-St. Leo IX April 19.1054 1623-Urbanus VIII. ;..... .July 29.1644
60S— St. Bonlfaclus IV.. .May -25, 615 1055— Victor II July •. 28. 1037 1644— Innocentius X Jan. 7.1653.
615— St. Deusdedlt .......Nov. 8, 618 1057— Stephanus X March 29, 1058* 1655— Alexander VII: May -22, 1667
619— Bonlfacius V Oct. 25. 625 1058— Benedict X..(Expuls.) Jan. — , 1059 1667— Clemens IX......... .Dec. 9.1669
625— Honorlus / Oct. 12, 638 1059— Nicolaus II.. ...;..... July 27,1061 1G70— Clemens X...; ..July 22,1676'
640-Severlnus Aug. 2, 640 1061— Alexander II ....April 21,1073 1676— Innocentius XI.. ....July ¦ 12,1683
640-Joannea IV Oct. 12. 642 1073-St. Gregorius VII. ..May -25, 10S5 16S9-Alexander VIII .'..-.. Feb. 1, 1691
642— Theodorus I ...May 14, 649 1086-Victor III Sept. ' 16, 1087 1691— Innocentius XII Sept. 27, 1700
649— St Martinus ........Sept. 16, 655 10SS— Urbanus II. ...'...„. .July 29,1099 1700-^Clemens XI. .....March 19. 1721
654— St. Eugenius I June 3, 657 1099— Paschalis II Jan. 21, 1118 1721— Innocentius XIII.. ..March 7 1724
657— St. Vltalianus Jan. 27, 872 111S— Gelasius II ....Jan. 29,1119 1724— Benedictus XIII Feb. 21.1730
672— Adeodatus June 16, 676 1119— Calixtus II......;. Dec. 13 or. 14, 1124 1730— Clemens XII Feb. 6 1740
676-Donua ....April 11, 678 1124— Honorius II.:.v. ...... Feb. 14,1130 1740— Benedictus XIV May 3,1758
678— St. Agatho :.Jan. 10. 681 1130-Innocentiua II.. .....Sept 24,1143 1758— Clemens XIII .'......Feb. 2, 1769
632— St. Leo II ...July 3, 683 1143— Coelestihus II...... .March 8,1144 1789^-Clemens XIV.. Sept. '22 1774
684— St. Benedictus II. ...May 8, 685 1144— Lucius II ....'.....Feb. 15,1145 1775— Pius VI Aug. 29* 1799
685— Joannes V ..Aug. 2, 686 1145— Eugenius III. ..:... ..July 8. 1153 1800— Pius -VII ; Aug. 20*. 1823
6S6— Conon Sept. 22. 687 1153— Anastasius IV."...".V.DecT 3,*llo4 1823— Leo-XII ....:. Feb 10* 1829
687— St. Sergius I.: Sept. 8. 701 1154— Hadrianus IV... Sept. 1, 1159 1S29— Plus VIII ...Nov" 30* 1830
701-Joannes VI Jan. 10 or 11. 705 1159-Alexander III.. ......Aug. , 30. 1181 1831-Gregorius XVI ..June l' 1846
705-Joanneo VII Oct. 18, 707 1181-Luclus III. ...........Sept 25,1185 1846-Pius IX..... Feb 7* 1878
708— Sislnnlus Feb. 7, 708 11&5— Urbanus III.......;.. Oct. 20. 1187 1878— Leo XIII .....July 20* 1903
7C8— Constantius I April 9, 715 1187— Gregorius VIII .....Dec. . 17. 1187 1903— Plus X — '
was considered by her to be too luxur-
ious in comparison with what she was '
accustomed to. The elder brother cf the
Pope, Angelo. lives In the village of Del
legrazie, province of Mantua, being the
postman of the district and receiving ISO
a vear for his services.
He addn to his income by keeping a
shop Jn which he sells tobacco and pork.
His two daughters are the belles of the
village, belns known for miles around as
the "handsome Sarto sisters."
"When Plus X waa Bishop of Mantua
his brother Angelo used to Often, go thers
for reasons connected with his postal ser
vice. The othar clerks would aak him
Jokingly why his brother did not find
him a better position. Angelo. with stur
dy independence, answered that ha pre
ferred only to be what he could make
himself. Still, following papal precedents,
the tobacconist and postman of Dellegra
zie ahould become a royal count.
"He Has No Harm on His Tongue or Pen,1
Say the People of Their . \
Patriarch. ,
Ecclesiastical Records' of Vatican Alone . Reveal
Church History of Earlier Centuries.
OFFICIAL LIST OF POPES
FROM ST. PETER TO PIUS X
BELOVED OF VENETIANS \
IS SUCCESSOR OF LEO
WORLD'S CAPITALS HAIL WITH DEEP SATISFACTION
CARDINAL SARTO'S ELEVATION TO PETER'S THRONE
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1903.
ROME, Aug. 4.— Soon after the conclave
.was dissolved one of the Cardinals who
had returned to his house in Rome said:
We. really were very well treated and, I feel
better than when I went Into the conclave. The
perfect rest wag a treat. We had good food
and the arrangements for looking after so many
persons could not have been better. After mass
every moraine we entered the Blstlne Chapel
and transacted our business. I can understand
that those ' outside grew impatient, but I
scarcely think we could have been' expected 'to
decide so weighty a matter by such a lengthy
method of procedure within a shorter time.
No doubt the appearance of the smoke waa
Irritating to those who looked for a speedy
conclusion, although, personally, I am sur
prised to know that the smoke was seen at all.
Looking Into the little stove in the Slstlne
Chapel and seeing the diminutive heap that thn
ballots made, one could scarcely think that they
would form, when burned, a cioud aa big as a
man's hartd. To-day, of course, there was no
smoke, as. all of the ballots were sealed ¦ for
preservation. j
After each morning's session we had dinner.
During ' the afternoon - moat or us - spent • our
time reading in our rooms, I varied my liter
ature with several . American periodicals and
.learned treatises on the conclave. All of these
Cardinal Describes His Daily Life
wi-'-- During the Seclusion. .
INCIDENTS OF CONCLAVE.
Curdinal Gibbons,, speaking to a rep
resentative of the press, said that the
election of Cardinal Sarto had produced
the best Impression in the entire Sacred
College, because, being a man of . such
piety, tact and culture, he was best fitted
to be the head of the church at the pres
ent time. Gibbons . hopes that
the coronation of Piux X will take place
soon, so that the foreign Cardinals may
be able to assist. Others believe that the
coronation may bo • postponed for three
months, to a more propitious time.
There he paused,- but the Cardinals
around him insisted that It was necessary
for him to answer "yes" or "no."
Thereupon he replied firmlv, "Yes."
¦"If this cup cannot pass from me—" •
But from many sides Cardinals cried
out: "Continue." As the vote approached
fifty, however, the Cardinals, as of one
accord, surrounded the new Pontiff, and,
according to tradition, demanded to know
if he would accept the Pontificate.
Cardinal Sarto's lips trembled so that
he could hardly articulate, but after a
visible effort he said:
had to be revived by th« use of salts.
He seemed happy but broken down even
after all the other candidates had re
tired and on the final ballot he looked a
statue of resignation. Cardinal Casseta,
as scrutineer, was reading out the vote.
When forty-two votes had been recorded
for the patriarch of Venice the scrutineer
arose and lifted his red zucchetto, saying:
"We have elected a Pontiff." •
When he pronounced his first benedic
tion to-day at St. Peter's his voice rang
out with splendid resonance. In every
¦wax. to-day ** e showed beyond a doubt
that he had dignity and personality in
keeping with the best traditions associ
ated with the famous Pontiffs who for
centuries hare ruled the Vatican.
All the members of the Sacred . College
declare that they are well satisfied with
the election of Cardinal Sarto, but. the
party opposed to Rampolla believe that It
is their epedal victory.
When the first ballot was taken it
f howtd that the Sacred College was di
vided Into two groups, the stronger one
tor Rampolla and the lesser one for Sera
nno Vannutelli. The other votes were
ecattered, but included four for Sarto.
On the subsequent ballots, while the
principal two parties were losing ground,
Sarto gradually gained, drawing strength
from both ends and ( the middle, until the
ballot .on Monday.; afternoon, .when his
vote had Increased to thirty-seven— within
six of the necessary two-thirds.
When the result of this ballot was arf
nounced in the conclave Cardinal Sarto
was so overcome with emotion and so
touched by the unlooked for confidence
reposed in him that he could no longer
control his feelings and to the surprise
of all he broke down, declaring that such
responsibility and honor were not for
him and that he must refuse It, if elected.
Tears rolled down, his cheeks and he
peemed firm in his determination to refuse
the dignity. He was so palpably sincere
that consternation reigned in the con
clave and the Cardinals spent the' whole
evening and much of the night in con
vincing him that his election was the will
of providence and that he must accept
Several times he^ almost fainted and
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
It agrees with La Patrla's opinion that
the relations of the church and state will
not chance.
The Trlbuna says:
.The election cannot be considered to be the
result of an agreement between the two oppoe
inK factions, though Cardinal Ram polla's fol
lower! are probably more pleased than those of
Cardinal Vannutelll. . .
The Patriarch, of Venice represents what
might he flpfined an a skillful, though reason
able, intransigreance.
The majority declare and we believe that he
Is a man of lofty intellect, vast knowledge and
exemplary piety — so much the better. In any
ease, it Is sure he will not Introduce any sub
stantial Innovation In the relations of the
church and elate and will not import, any
change In the Vatican. He will continue to
remain shut up. a willing prisoner himself, in
the roya: dungeon of the Apostolic Palace.
ROME, Aug. 4.— La Patria, commenting
on the election of Sarto, says: $
ITALIAN PRESS COMMENT.
Relations of Church and State to Re
main Unchanged.
CHICAGO, Aug. 4.— General satisfaction
was manifested by the Chicago Catho
lics to-day over the selection of the new
Pope. The most ardent champions of
the Idea. of Americanism in the church
agree that the choice was a. •wise one.
Archbishop Quigley, who is a personal
friend of Pius X, directed that services
of thanksgiving be held in every church
to-night.
During Archbishop Farley's visit abroad
a year ago Cardinal Sarto asked a great
many Questions about the church in
America and seemed very much Inter
ested in this country.
CHICAGO*,. Aug. 4.— Archbishop Farley
when Informed of the election of Cardinal
Sarto said:
I am delighted that the conclave's choice has
fallen on eo acceptable a person as Cardinal
Sarto. • • • •
So far as known. Cardinal Sarto, now elected
Pop<\ is a man of deep learning; and reccgnlzed
prudence of action. He enters into tjie pon
tificate free from all entangling alliances, free
in every way to carve out for himself hi a own
career.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Aug. 4. -Archbishop
Ireland in speaking of the new Pope said:
See in the Patriarch a Worthy Suc
cessor of. Leo XIII.
TRIBUTES OF. PRELATES.
In other quarters it was reftnarked that
Sarto was the only Italian Cardinal whom
the King of Italy, received. His repeated
visits' to the King and his aversion to pol
itics are regarded as an auspicious sign
for the triple alliance. Germany is also
fully satisfied that Sarto does not aspire
to the restoration of the temporal power
of the papacy. The officials believe that
the German Emperor will b'e well pleased
with the election. It is said that the Em^
peror received Sarto in audience while'
visiting the King of Italy.
All sections of the press regard the
election of Cardinal Sarto as wise, and
emphasize .the belief that he will be a
religious, rather than a political, Pope.
The Tageblatt fears that the selection
of the name of Pius augurB 111 for the
nr-w Pope's attitude^toward foreign gov
ernments, and Indicates an intransigeant
policy toward the. Italian monarchy.
The Post assumes that Sarto's previous
moderate and peaceable character may be
taken as a guarantee that the coming
policy of the Vatican will be , temperate
and conciliatory.
BERLIN, Aug. 4.— A . dispatch to the
Lokal Anzelger from Rome asserts that
Cardinal Gibbons played the chief: part
in frustrating the election of 'Cardinal
Rampolla. <
The election of Cardinal Sarto was
made known here at 1 o'clock this after
r.oon through the newspapers, which were
eagerly read. The Foreign Office at that
hour had no confirmation of the news,
but regarded it as true, it having been
learned that Cardinal Sarto had strongly
increased his vote yesterday. Replying
to the question whether the election was
acceptable to Germany, a representative
of the Foreign Office said:
Unqualifiedly so, from an official viewpoint.
Barto is a mild mannered man and has never
been active politically.
Foreign Office Expresses Satisfaction
at the Result
GEEMANS WELL PLEASEDi
Surprise in Patriarch's Home.
VIENNA. Aug. 4.— The election of Car
dinal Sarto as Pope has occasioned . some
surprise here,- his name scarcely having
been mentioned among the possible suc
cessors of Pope Leo. In official circles
satisfaction and even pleasure Is ex
pressed at the result of the conclave.
CARDINALS ARE PLEASED.
LONDON, Aug. 5.— It is difficult to find
in London arfy member of the Catholic
church having personal knowledge of the
new Pope, Pius X, or one who ia willing
to give an opinion as to the Pontiff's
-probable policy. All. however, have high
opinions as to his merits, particularly as
If is known that a few years ago Pope
Leo favored Cardinal Sarto as his suc
cessor. The general belief Is that Pius
Jc will endeavor to increase the power of
the church rather as a spiritual than a
diplomatic organisation, and that his
feign will pave the way for better rela
tions between the Vatican and the Quir-
Inal. On this point, however, it Is be
lieved that & better idea can be formed
trben it is seen who the Pontiff chooses
fdr papal secretary of state. If Cardinal
Rampolla Is retained it will be taken as
en 111 omen.
Father Gasquet, Abbot of the English
* Benedictines, in an interview said the
English Catholics would welcome any
modus vlvendl with the Quirinal, because
the existing state of things was bad for
jt -very body. He thinks the present Pope |
is better able than any man who could
have been chosen to bring about Improv
ed conditions. , -
News of the election of Cardinal Sarto
as Pope reached England through an As
sociated Press dispatch from New York.
The information was communicated to
the Catholic church authorities, and Mon
uignor Johnson, who is in charge of
church affairs here, pending the appoint
ment of a Successor to Cardinal Vaughan,
said:
I am Els'! the election 1* over an«l the sua
penee ended. Cardinal Sarto is . midway foe
tvvten the older and younger element of the Sa
cred Colleee, eo that he probably has many use
ful years to live. He li active and energetic.
To the Catholics of London the' election
v as a great surprise. The London papers
publish long and friendly reviews of the
new Pope'e career. They generally believe
that the election augurs well for better
relations between the Vatican and the
QUirinal. Stress Is laid on Cardinal Sar
to'* attitude when the King and Queen of
of Church's Power.
British- Catholics Look for Increase
EXPECT UBEBAL POLICY.
¦ PARIS. Aug. 4.— Monsignor Boeglin, a
pVominent ecclesiastical writer, has a
lengthy article in the Temps to-night on
.the political meaning of Cardinal Sarto's
election. He declares that it means that
the policy of Pope Leo will be continued.
Next to Rampolla, Sarto was the obvious
Fucceesor. he completing the edifice that
Leo 'began.
The writer asserts that the result of
the conclave indicates the complete col
lapse of the coalition of Austrian, Eng
lish, German and American Cardinals,
which aimed at the supremacy of the An
glo-Saxon-German races in the direction
of the Catholic Church and at the over
throw of the French policy of the papacy.
He makes sarcastic allusions to Cardinal
Gibbons taking part in this European
ctialltion in favor of reaction, and de
clares that Pope Leo foresaw this coali
"tion and. consequently strengthened the
Italian element in the Sacred College in
order to defeat it."
In conclusion, Monsignor Boeglin says
the defeat of the anti-French coalition is
most auspicious both for the republic and
church, which haye every reason to be
satisfied with the result of the conclave.
FRENCH WBITEIL'S VIEWS
Sees in Sarto's Election a Triumph
for Paris Government.
A leading official of the foreign office
who recently visited Venice said that the
cordial relations between Sarto and Dow
arer Queen Margherlta were particularly
noted by him. The Queen bestowed many
marks of favor, which he received with
out the slightest evidence of that tension
listing In other clerical quarters.
• Outside of Government quarters, Sar
to's election is favorably received. The
leading exponents of the clerical element
point out his saintllness and declare that
iiis choice gives promise of a religious
rather than a diplomatic Pope. The
nuntlo here was advised of the election
end paid a tribute to the lofty charac
ter of the new Pope. Public interest in
the election was shown by the issue of
special editions of the' papers, which de
vote elaborate articles to the new Pope.
The current sentiment is entirely fav
orable to Plus X.
An official letter was received this
morning from Rome giving the prospects
of the various candidates. It placed
Raxnpolla first and Sarto eighth. Between
these two ranged Seranno VannuteUl,
Gottl, Agliardl. Dl Pietro and Capecelatro.
Although it is not known definitely how
the French Cardinals voted on the final
ballot, it Is known that they, with tha
Spanish Cardinals, favored the selection
of one of those considered to be con
ciliatory, which number included Sarto.
ite official expression to the feel-
Jng of satisfaction which the choice of
Sarro has caused In Government circle*.
The foreign office had not received ad
vices from M. Nlsartl. the French Em
b&ssador to the Vatican, up to a late
hour this afternoon, but. relying on re
ports from other souroes, a notification
was sent to M. Delcasse, who ia sojourn
ing at a watering place in the interior
•f France, and to President Loubet, who
is at the Chateau Mazeno, near Monteli
mar, which he recently purchase^. Re
plies from the President and the Foreign
Minister soon followed and were trans
mitted through the foreign office to Rome.
PARIS. Aug. <.— President Loubet
and Foreign Minister Defcaasa
this afternoon sent dispatches of
congratulations to Plus X. This
step Is regarded as giving defin-
The Standard, on the other hand, fears
that the new Pope sympathizes with and
to a large extent will be guided by Ram
polla's ideas, but admits that if he is
as tactful and conciliatory as his friends
represent there is no need to apprehend
any violent reversal of policy.
The • Telegraph considers the choice ' of
the title of Pius X as strange, whVm the
character and career of • the . last bearer
of the name of Pius are remembered. <•
LOJifDON. Aug. 5.— The papers this
morning comment on the . conclave's
choico as a wise and excellent one, and
say that, although the new Pope is less
brilliant as a scholar than his predeces
sor, there will be ample compensation for
this in his moderation, and single mind
edness on the Question ¦ of the relations
of the Vatican to. England. Opinions;
however, differ. The Daily New* says:
We are at least pre»wed from questionable
lntrijHK-s of a RampoUa who Is not too friendly
to England,
Italy visited Venice last May and Sarto
went In state in his gorgeous gondola to
render them homage. It is deduced there
from that Plus X is likely to depart from
Pope Leo's policy of rigorous confinement
in the Vatican. , , , '.
Governments Expect No Change in Their
r 1 1 1 1 1 u ly 1 vc'i d 1 1 w 1 1 3 1? in* c 11 w
POLICY OF THE PONTIFF
WILL BE CONSERVATIVE
. ROME, Aug. 4.— The election of Pius X,
once it was consummated, was proclaimed
in a loud voice by- the Cardinal scrutineers
to the Sacred College. Monselgneur Mer
ry del Val, Secretary of the Conclave, and
Prince Chlgi,^Marshal of the Conclave,
were notified through a bell by Cardinal
Oreglia. They entered tha Biatine Chape>
Conclavists Rush to Pay Homage to
the New Pontiff.
CONFUSION IN CHAPEL.
Archbishop Farley of New York, who
enjoys his personal acquaintance and has
visited him in Venice, and possibly Arch
bishop Ireland of St. Paul .will be ele
vated to'the cardinalate before next De
cember, according to . a • pledge given In
the; conclave to increase the representa
tion of foreign countries in the Sacred
College.
The ' Cardinal n who took part In the
conclaye and their attendants are pledged
to , secrecy, but it is stated on good au
thority, that the election of Cardinal Sarto
resulted % frojn efforts made -by. foreign
Cardinals to defeat the Cardinals of the
curia. " " „• / "
NEW YORK. Aug. 4,— The .World has
the following from Rome: One of the
first ! Cardinals , Pius X will appoint wiU
be Mgr. Merry del.Val, who. handed him
the white xucchetto at the moment of
his election, and who received in turn "the
Cardinal's red beretta.
AMERICA TO BE GAINER.
Archbishops. Farley and Ireland May
Be Created Cardinals.
KIEFF, Russia, Aur. 4.-The employes
in the workshops of the southwestern
railways and other works have struck. A
few battalions of Infantry have occupied
the railroad station and the neighboring
workshops. ' Quiet has thus been main
tained. " " '¦/;-' :¦ iU
Russian Railway Employes Strike.
The moment was one of extreme tension
of feeling. There was a perceptible pause
before Plus X found/ and controlled his
voice. Then he'answered simply: "Yea."
The .Cardinals thereupon . removed their
baldachlnos, so that of Sarto was the only
one remaining.. thus marking him as their
supreme head. The passing supremacy
of the Cardinals wag gone, and was soon
concentrated In one person.
4
JNO. J. FTJI*TOIT CO.
BRIGHT'S DISEASE
— AND-
DIABETESJEWS
San Francisco, Aug. 3, 1903-
Thfs week we announce two further
recoveries, one from Bright's Disease,
the other from Diabetes, as follows:
V. A. Brink, 144 Union Square ave-
nue, this tity—B right's disease, trsual
dropsy, albumemiria, heart trouble and
distress, pronounced by his . physician
advanced case and incurable. Henry
Koster, the grocer, of Bush and Powell
streets, who had been cured of Bright's
Disease, told him of the Fulton Com-
pounds. The fifth week all of the
symptoms disappeared, including rheu-
matism patient had over twenty years.
Still on Compound to insure perma-
nency.
E. L. O'Connor, 2127 O'Farrell
street — Diabetes; twenty months ago
gave up business, physician advising
that he would live but a .short time;
began to improve first week of treat-
ment; in thirty weeks was well and
returned to employment eleven months
ago and no return.
Fulton's Compound for Bright's
Disease, $1; for Diabetes. $1.50.
Jno. J. Fulton Co., 409 Washington
street. San Francisco, sole com-
poundef. Pamphlet mailed. Send
this to an afflicted friend.SUGAR CONVENTION BILL v
CAUSES LONG DISCUSSION
Members of the House of Commons
Are Unable to Reach an
Agreement.
LOXDON. Aug. 4.— While the House of
Commons was in committee on the sugar
coxn'ention bill to-day a long discussion
r'rose as to whether the Importation of
bounty-fed 6Ugar should be prohibited or
countervailing duties should be Imposed.
Many of the Liberal members referred to
the American imports, which, although
now insignificant, might increase If the
price of eugar rose. It was pointed out
that the prohibition of sugar from the
United States would be a violation of the
most favored nation clause and stress
was laid by the opposition on the same
question as it might affect Argentina.
Gerald Balfour, president of the Board
' f Trade, in replying to critics, said
that if St **emed llkrly that a large sup-
My would be cut off by the prohibition,
the Government would consider the ad-
of applying countervailing du-
Uca.
roaring wave the people swept. into St.
Peter's, still cheering and waving hats.
Within pandemonium reigned. | Those al
ready standing In a good position to see
the gallery window, ..where Pius X was
momentarily expected to appear, were
hurled back to the farther end of the
nave by the Irresistible impact of these
seeking admittance. ' '
: '-Pope Pius", and "Sarto" were the cries
which could be faintly heard above., the
din that -was raging from end to end- of
the historic cathedral, jj The attendants at
the gallery window, who had hung cu^ the
same banner as' was previously "displayed
from . the - window in • front; j now hastily
drew it up. ' With every ..sign' of "excite
ment they motioned; to the. crowd to. go
back io the steps of St. Peter's.'' > !
PILANS ARE AGAIN CHANGED/
; A great cry arose. Those who, a few
moments before., were fighting their way
into the "cathedral, now. struggled with
redoubled ; energy to. get out. "It .was ''.the
climax \ of- the excitement— the- new Pope
was going to bless the world, from the
outside' of the basilica, which Had 'not
been done since the days ; when; tho Vati-'
can' ruled. Rome.'-, It was; a, ¦ revolution
which each! seemed' to ' ¦ think had been
brought by divine favor, and a terrific:ef
fort was made to get' out in time.; With
extraordinary rapidity the basilica .was
almost deserted. The attendants hung tho
banner outside, and - ; as all the thousands
waiting In the piazza saw it. and realized
what was intended a great shout of ap
proval t arose'.'' ¦¦• I','' '•¦'¦ " . ' ' '"> ¦•
Th^n came, a • sudden ..revulsion.'. As
quickly as : the" banner could J be let up, it
was drawn up. The plans had been again
changed. The,- last rush that immedi
ately followed. fp'r.the doors of St Peter's
was ' almost * Indescribable.*-- How so' many
people entered the; basilica. in so short a
time without injury will always remain a
mystery. Inside the pandemonium, in-
¦Those below '.made , a -rush : to ". go j into
St. Peter's, and a mad scramble, ensued
for the basilica. .Thousands i dashed toward
the four huge-doors and, in spite, of 'their,
width, a desperate Jam occurred, in which
women narrowly escaped injury. : Like a
Vainly the, Cardinal waved. his..haqd x for
silence. The long, pent .up. feelings • of
those who had watched for four days.now
found an outlet, and; for some "minutes
they could. not be suppressed.- Finally. it
was quiet enough for Cardinal 1 Macchi to
proceed and say, that the new, Pontiff had
.taken the name qf,Pius,X." Then;' with 'a
blessing on the crowd, the .Cardinal dls-?
appeared from .the .window . and # the at
tendants quickly. drew up the banner. •
CROWD MAKES MAD "; RUSH.
Cardinal belonged the arms so signifi
cantly displayed. Then the rumor arose
that they were Sarto's, but few persons
were absolutely sure of their identity.
Five hundred troops lined up around the
top of St. Peter's steps, thus dividing the
great crowd, which' was increasing every
moment,. into three sections.
¦ The- tension was soon relieved. Car
dinal Macchi, in his cardinal robes, car
rying a large red book and preceded by
a glittering cross, appeared at the. win
dow. A wild shout went up. .Cardinal
Macchi waved both hands for silence.* In
a second a solemn hush fell on the scene,
broken only by a sharp word.cf command
from an officer and the rattle wherewith
the troops brought their rifles to "pre
sent." -In clear tones Cardinal' Macchi
read. the preamble,. the people below being
scarcely able* to sustain themselves, until
he reached, the words "Sarto," when 7a"
terriflc : roar went up. Those.out.of*hear
ing of the Cardinal's ., voice joined. .In the
acclamation and' the whole square became
one mass of • men and "women, throwing
hats in the air, shouting and cheering'at
the top of their voices.*- V - ? > •
SCENES CONNECTED WITH THE NEW POPE'S RELIGIOUS WORK-IN
VENICE, WHICH CITY HE MAY NEVER SEE AGAIN BECAUSE OF
HIS ELEVATION TO THE THRONE. . . ,
St. Peter's boomed out the three-quar
ters of the hour, and there was still no
sign. A second later the great central
window of St. Peter's facing the piazza
swung slowly open. A loud shout arose
and all rushed madly toward the cathe
draL At the open window a half dozen
Vatican attendants appeared. Suddenly
there broke out Into the fierce sunlight a
gorgeous banner, bearing a Cardinal's
arms. Reinforcements of troops crossed the
piazza at the double-quick. They closed
their ranks and held back many who
strained every nerve to get closer* to the
window.
For a minute or so none knew to which
BANNER SIGNALS ELECTION.
Minutes sped on, and still no smoke was
seen. When the bells sounded' half pas l
II the Ministers and others left their car
riages and joined the watchers on; the
steps of the basilica. Inside St. Peter's
also many were waiting and the suspense
brought thousands running from the near
by streets, the delay on the fourth morn
ing of the conclave being interpreted to
mean that a decision had at length been
reached. The troops spread themselves
apross the square and nervous anticipa
tion possessed them all. Hundreds' of
surmises passed from mouth . to mouth.
Minutes seemed like hours. .
excitement, he pronounced his
first papal benediction. Many thousands
witnessed the historic scene and signified
their aproval of the choice of the Car
dinals by tumultuous cheering.
The usual large crowd assembled before
St. Peter's at about 10:30 o'clock to await
the rising of the smoke from the Sis tine
Chapel. Hundreds of carriages stood in
the blistering sun, which seemed hotter
than ever. The colonnades were blocked'
with people, but even there the anxious
•watchers could scarcely escape from the
severe heat. When the quarter after 11
o'clock struck the crowd left its shelter
and stood bravely In the sun, in the be
lief that the smoke would appear within
a few minutes, as it had consistently
given its signal at about this hour since
the conclave commenced.
ROME, Aug. 4.— Cardinal Sarto
was this morning elected Pope
and assumed the title of Plus
X. The new Pope, appeared in
St. Peter's, where, amid great
creased. • A wheat pit in its wildest mo
ments could not compare with the stately
nave of ' St. Peter's at this moment.
: At. the .gallery window stood Cardinal
Mathieu, Monseigneur Merry del Val and
several other Cardinals. The center place
was', vacant.
' Among , the seething mass below,
which never ceased waving hats, two
members of the American pilgrimage.
Father Lynch of Niagara University and
Father McGowan of New York, held
aloft American flags. These swayed
brightly around the nave as the bearers
were alternately borne forward and back
by the ebb and flow of the throng.
. : NEW PONTIFF APPEARS.
•In a 'few moments terrific cheers burst
forth, from every throat. There, with the
sun streaming- upon him, was the new
Pope. .His rich red papal robes shone re-
, splendent*, amid the more somber colors
of those who stood beside him. For 1 a. few
moments. the tall form remained perfectly
still— the Pontiff was gazing at the crowd
beneath. The deafening roar of cheers
showed no signs of diminishing. Mon
seigneur Merry del Val and others waved
for peace," but none came.
I Then Pius X raised his hand. In the
twinkling, of an eye tho crowd, mad with
excitement but a moment before, became
dumb 7 and death-like silence prevailed
thrpughout the basilica. It was broken
only. by, a clear, strong voice of the new
Pope". ".".'
' V'.'Hear us; in the name of the Master."
he . chanted, like the keys of a magnifl
cent,organ struck by a master hand. The
response swelled up from, the crowd be
low. -There was another chant and "an
other? resoonse'. Then came the. benedic
tion;' such' as few will ever forget. All
crossed 'themselves and with magical
rapidity. the scene^, ceased to be one of
deep .devotion. Loud . cheers burst from
the people as. the Pope started to go back
to the .•Vatican by : way of the terrace.
.The acclamations continued long after
Plus ;X' had disappeared. Then the thou
sands streamed: put, all happy at the con
• clave!s, choice of Pontiff and heartily glad, 1
that the -suspense i had ended.
EVENTS FOLLOWING ELECTION.
>; While"; Prince Chigl, 'the master of the
conclave, | was drawing up the official act
of. the; election and acceptance . of • the
newly elected Pope the latter, surround
ed by-; his friends, disappeared into -a.
small .room near the altar, where he
donned— withy who can say what feelings
Roman Thousands Ac
claim the Pon
tiff.
Cardinals Pledge Obe
dience to Holy
See.
of triumph '.'. and . humility— the white
robes of his office. Pius X was assisted
by his conclavist, who first knelt and
kissed his master's hand and thus re
ceived the first apostolic blessing given
by Pius X. - - . .
The n»w, -_ Pope was attired all in white,
with the .exception of red shoes, which
was quite, regular,, but he did not stop to
remove the red cardinal stockings for the
white papal ones,, and these showed as he
raised his gown to move forward.
When he was quite robed the secretary
of the conclave.- Monseigneur Merry del
Val, kneeling, ofTered him the papal white
cap, amidst breathless silence. He did
not follow- the precedent created by Pope
Leo, who. declined to give his red cap to
tho master of ceremonies as a sign that
he would soon be raised to.» Cardinal,
but with .a ; slight smile Sarto took the
white cap, placed it calmly on his head
and dropped the red one lightly on the
head of Monseigneur Merry del Val,
amids,t murmurs of approval. This Is
taken as a certain Indication that the
happy recipient is soon to be raised to
the cardinalate. .
CARDINALS GIVE OBEDIENCE.
As the , new pontiff stepped ' from be
hind .the altar the only touch of color
about him' being his red and gold shoes
he really seemed to be the embodiment of
his holy" office. \ His face was pale and
clearly sof tened • by emotion. He paused
a moment as he came before the expect
ant Cardinals, then seated himself on the
throne with' a hurried movement, as
though hehad suddenly grown weak. His
beck was,. to the altar and he was en
throned' to Bcrve ¦ the so-called' "First
Obedience" of the Cardinals. ,They came
forward, one byyone, some calm and smll- 1
Ing,' others 'sober and non-committal. -All
kissed his. hand and foot, while he saluted
each on'the^cheek, with the kiss of peace.
Then all .broke into the Te Deum with
such effect ' that '. scarcely an eye was
dry. '?-*¦¦-' : . •>¦:¦;
Pius X ..then arose and in a voice at
first tremulous, but gradually becoming
full and 'firm, -administered . the papal
blessing, to all. or the members of the Sa
cred College. It was received with bowed
and uncovered heads. "'--¦.
The Fisherman's- ring not yet having
been found, a, new one designed by,Cam
erllngo'.Oreglla- was 'placed "on the Pon
tiff's ringer as a symbol of renewed pow
er, • . and> j evidence. . that , the Catholic
church -has. once.' more a' sovereign head.
Sarto bore himself with' becoming dig
nity and gave no outward sign of exulta
tion in this, the . supreme moment of his
life. '' ' " \
In the" meanwhile- masons and carpen
ters had -been busy. breaking down doors
so that 'the "cardinal deacons, together
with^the master" of ceremonies and the
conclavists- and many others, might pro
ceed to, the balcony, of St. Peter's. When
the windows of the balcony slowly opened
and the -great gleaming cross" was seen
the excitement and impatience of the
populace "waiting* in' the piazza were^
Army order — Captain Alonzo Gray, Four
teenth Cavalry, Is easigned to temporary duty
Department of California.
Oregon— Nelson D. Asdel. LaJceview, bott>
•Trfhn Cami'bell, Cascade Locks, gaure square'
Fair.ucJ Peterson and C. E. Fielding Grants
Pa*e. miners' ran<i;<Tt!ck; DaniM M. Watson
Portland, electric heating apparatus.
Washington — William S. Dunagan. Everett
rail Joint: Joseph P. Hodprlns. Tacoma, scraper
.!an:«t 11. Hussey. Spokane, mechanical move
ment; Jor*«n Jortrenson. Seattle, suction plpe-
Le-ads Mayhew, Whatcom. floating flshtrap and
«et net; William L. McCabe. Seattle, portable
cont-eyor; Joseph M. Payne. Spokane, railway
switch; Albert F. Ehadel. Lope*, meana for
leading fishtraj) pots or eplUers.
Kourth-class postmasters appointed: Wash.
ington — Emery Troxel. Connell. Franklin
County, vice C. A. Joyce, resigned.
Patents Are Issued to Inventors of
.• ; Mechanical and Labor Sav
ing Devices.
"WASHINGTON-. Auk. 4.— The following pat
ents, were lsrueij to-day:
California— William A. Butler. San Francisco,
continuous kiln; John F. Forward. San Diego!
<;u&rtz mill; Jacques Franc, assignor one-half
to G. A." Sw*rCfigT. Pasadena, check book:
Craves Grlff.th. San Francisco, range fender;
John Hahn. Los Angeles, pump piston; Charles
A. Harp and J. F. Starkweather Sr.. Stockton
assignors one-half to G. Marks. Sacramento
V Davi8 ' **• A Morris and J. F. Starkweather
Jr.. Stockton, extracting gold and silver from
orr-s; John H. Hendy. Pan Francisco, stamp
mill mortar: Henry Hirschlng. Fan Francisco.
treatment cf ores containing rnld, silver, cop
ier, nickel and zinc: Joseph M. Hcrton. Cres
cent City. hat»dle; David B. James. Pan Fran
cis*?. sawir-K scra^or scoops machine; Orra
M. Lacey, Hanford, switch for systems of re
•rnote control; Earl B. Millar. I»s Angela, top
for spice boxes; Thomas Powell. ,v ew H Op^
Eh n r t : <t G c O r Ee £• ™ ch «*«. Urkelcy. stamp
nni;!: Rljl Sato. San Francisco, device for lo
cating shipwrecks: Amos Schrock. San Fran
cisco, detachable collapsltle ccuch frame- Da
vid M. Smyth, Pasadena, D. G. Smyth. Hart
ford. Conn., and H. Haftlnps, Orange N V
BEEl«rncr» to Smyth Machinery Company Hart
ford, book eewing-machine; Frank Walker Los
Anrr'.ea. combined golar and artificial ' heat
water heater; John L. Watson, lyss Anrele*
iiving apparatus; Ole E. Waxel, West Oakland'
motor bicycle; Oscar Whltmor*-. Ban Di«-eo 
brake block: Georpe G. Wlckson. San Francisco'
device for packaging liquids; Peter J. Wilson'
Cf-n Lomond, bottle. '
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
HIS GRACE ARCHBISHOP ;
RIORDAN* heard the news of
the selection of Cardinal
Sarto as Pope with Intense
Interest ar.d expressed him
self as being highly pleased,
(^though he has not met Pius X person
tlly, he naturally knows of the kindly
imposition and work of the former Patri
irch of Venice. The unanimity of the se
lection was a matter which his Grace
considered significant, for it reflected, he
Es^ld, the Popes worth and the high es
* teeni in which he is held.
Arch bishop Montgomery said:
? The eelecuon cf the Patriarch of Venice to
til* the vacancy made by the d»«th of the la
mented Leo *as unanlmcus. Such a choice
Jnust have fown piided by Frcvidence. The
whole Roman Catholic world rejoices over the
selection Frrrn every r»rt the choice of Car
dinal Sarto l? hailed with satisfaction, and 1
hear! ."too, that the press cf Europe is unani
mous In Its expressions of sat isi action. Surely
that nifang rr.uch. Naturally, we would be
F8ti£fie<! with any choice made by the conclave,
but it affords double pleasure to know that tha
eelecurn has mrt with general and world wide
approval.
. The Rev. Father Henry Bontempo of
th<* Jesuit order and a native of Dalma
tia highly pleased when seen at St.
Igrrsttius Churrh yesterday over the se
lection of Cardinal Sarto to the pontifi
cate.
' F^thT Bontempo. discussing the pelec
" tion. eaid:
I first met the Hcly Father in 1K>6 in St.
•Mark s Church. Venice, and since the first
meeting I have visited h'.m twice at the Fa
letzo del Patr;arca. It is seven years eince I
iast saw his Holiness. I hear now that he Is
6* years of age. That surprises me. for he
' locked not a day oMer than 45. ar.3 possessed
'all the vigor of a youns zr.&n. He Is. ats I re
member him, of tnajestlc bearing; his eye«
becnr with kindness, and his manner Is most
*H«.ble; Indeed, he is gentleness itself.
"jyhen Bishop cf Mantcva he was e» beloved
fey aJl that when he was elected to be Patrl- '
arch the people cf Venice were elated.
It 1* a harpy selection and cne which must
rorajnand net only the highest satisfaction of
, the Roman Catholic people of the world, but
the satisfaction also of the non-Catholic peo
• r'**. because Plus, like Leo. is a man of peace.
II* is also a strong- lovrr of justice. He La be
loved by a.11 who have come in contact with
) •-. for h* Is a man of God.
The Rev. Father B. C. Rcdahan of the
Saieslan Fathers of this city met Pope
Tius X in Turin in ISST. Father Redahan
has .the happiest recollection of the Holy
Ka trier.
* It Is said by all those of this city who
have come In personal contact with Pius
.X that he is a man of lovable nature.
', His work in the diocese of Venice is said
to have been remarkable, as has been evi
denced by his power of organization
iim'ong- the people. •
Years ago Plus X began his organiza
tion, among the laboring classes by in
"Ftituting rural banks or loan societies,
•with the object of assisting the poor to
procure farming implements and seed at
an exceedingly low rate cf interest. He
*as instrumental in having those desiring
to" take up farming taught a scientific
rppthod cf agriculture. He threw all his
fcpart and fouJ Into tho work, with the re
sult, xhat the poor quickly took advantage
of the opportunity, and under new con
'ditions realized the fruit of their labor.
In forming parochial artivlties he gave
On? first impetus to the Novimento Cat
tolico, a mov**ment looking- toward the
Folid formation of the Roman Catholic
ejemer.ts for good government. The or
ganization soon became universally known
throughout Italy.
At the time of the unrest in Milan and
Venice some few years ago. Pius X. then
Patriarch of Venice, made it his special
concern to axjvise moderation, and he let
It he understood that he desired peace
and tranquillity above all things. He
pave rpecial Instructions to his clergy to
do all in their power to assist In main
taining peace.
heightened to the extreme.
PROCLAIMS SARTO PONTIFF.
Slowly Cardinal Maorhi, Secretary of
the Congregation of Apostolic Briefs, ad
vanced and exclaimed in a loud voice:
"I announce to you with great pleasure
that we have elected as Pope the Most
Eminent Reverend Cardinal Joseph Sarto,
who has taken the name of Plus X."
Then the bells of St. Peter's boomed
out, as did those of all the churches of
Rome, giving the glad news to tha world.
As Cardinal Macchi returned to the
Sistlne Chapel, after having performed
his pious duty, the new Pope arose and
an effort to form some kind of a proces
sion was made, but Pius X was literally
carried In triumph to his cell, followed
by a great concourse and preceded by tho
cross. He was stopped every step or two
by those anxious to kiss his ring and re
ceive the papal blessing, which Sarto ao
corded with great dignity and patience.
As the new Pope passed along many of
those present tried to prove that they had
always known what the result would be
and how satisfied they all were.
"Why, of course," shouted one, "before
the conclave gathered I always said it
would be he."
If any of these compliments reached the
ears of the Pontiff he gave no sign there
of. When he arrived at the door of his
cell the Pope turned, and. raising his
bands, gave in a voice almost suffocated
with emotion his benediction to the as
sembly, which received it on bended
knees.
After a short rest. Imposed by the
fatigue and emotion of his election, Pius
X joined his court in the Ducal Hall for
the solemn benediction which he was
about to give to the people of Rome.
Although to ordinary eyes the confusion
was as great as ever, to those practiced
In the mysteries of the Vatican order
was coming out of chaos, and the bear
ing of all in the presence of the : Pope
was much more formal. The babel of
voices sank at his approach, while none
addressed him unless he spoke first.
PROCESSION TO ST. PETER'S.
The formal salutations having termin
ated, a procession was formed. In the
center was the Pontiff, In his white
robes, his figure standing out above those
surrounding him, his silver hair gleam-
Ing under his white cap. He was sur
rounded by the Cardinals, still . In their
violet robes, and preceded by the pontifi
cal cross, the jewels of which flashed as
though they, also -triumphed in Sarto's
succession. i!'v.-;. : -~-
The procession traversed many noble
halls until it approached the window
looking into St. Peter's. From below arose
a murmur of voices, which, although sub
dued, because distant, denoted the. pres-r
ence of a large concourse of people. Tho
Pope was seen to grow pale, and then,
turning to Cardinal Bacllirl, who stood
beside him, he said:.
Now I understand tha emotion Pope Leo
always showed when going- Into St. Peter's to
have the eyes of a great crowd focused upon
him. It is almost terrifying.
Standing forward In the window, the
others having fallen back, he deliberate
ly controlled himself and looked , across
the great basilica. Crossing himself. Sar
to raised his hand and in a voice palpably
tremulous, he said, as soon as the cries
from below gave an opportunity:
"Hear us, in the name of the Master."
To this came in reply from thousands
of voices the cry: "Who made heaven
and earth!" •
In a thrilling voice the Pope responded:
"May the name of the Master be
blessed."
Then, raising himself to his full height
and leaning forward as much as possible,
he intoned:. "May the omnipotent God
bless you," which called forth such ap
plause that several minutes elapsed be
fore the Pontiff could retire. He then
drew back and turned to the Ducal HalL
At the moment of leaving the window
Pius SJ turned to Monseigneur Blslcti. who
happened to be beside him. and said:
"I shall never again feel just th« same
.emotion." .
This afternoon, before opening the con
clave. Pius X repaired to tho Slstlna
Chapel. In full pontifical robes and wear-
Ing the mitre, he seated himself on tho
throne which he so little expected to oc
cupy, as he left the affairs of the patri
archlate at Venice in a certain confusion.
There on the throne he received the sec
ond obedience, or so-called "adoration"
of the sacred college, each Cardinal kiss
ing his hand and foot as a sign that ho
acknowledged the new Pope's sovereign
ty. Meantime the oration super ponti
ficem electum was recited in low tones.
Then the new Pontiff arose, and, extend
ing his hands, his powerful and magnifi
cent voice, which is much stronger than
that of the late Pope, reverberating
through the dim chapel, pronounced tha
apostolio benediction amid profound si
lence. Then the great door of the con
clave opened.
At about 5:30 o'clock Prince ChigJ, tho
marshal of the conclave, and many high
ecclesiastical and lay dignitaries went to
the Sistlne Chapel to kiss the Pope's hand
and foot. They were received with great
benignity. The commandant of the Nobla
Guard and the officials of the Swiss Pal
atine Guard also went to perform this
duty. Among these officers was Count
Camillo Peed, the brigadier general of
Noble Guards, and a nephew of tho lato
Pope. The new Pontiff received him with
special gradouaness, saying a few words
of welcome.
Pop© Plus then retired to his cell, whllo
the Cardinals all left the Vatican and re
turned to their respective apartments, in
Rome with a feeling of particular pleas
ure after their confinement in the same
rooms of the conclave. In his cell,
which was very small and dark, the Pon
tiff received the picket of guards on duty,
the imposing figure of the new Pope
seeming to embellish the modest sur
roundings. His pontifical robes changed
him from -a merely handsome man to a
truly stately embodiment of the Catholic
idea, the gorgeous robes adding dignity to
his person. Pope Pius' benevolent man
ner is gaining him friends from moment
to moment.
went to the cell of the sick
Cardinal Herrero. saying he wished th©
first act of his pontificate to be a compli
ment to a brother laid so low. Cardinal
Herrero seemed transfigured by such
though t fulness and exclaimed: :
"Let me kiss your hand. Now I shall
die happy."
The 'Pope remained some time in th«
cell, encouraging tho sick man, and said
he would pray for his recovery. Ho then
gave him the apostolic blessing.
The military bodies of the Vatican. hav»
assumed their full uniform and hoisted
the white and yellow Papal flag at the
bronze door. r, ,\
ROMK, Aug. JL.— Plus X, accom
panied by* Cardinals SatolU
and Sammlniatello and Mon
slgnor Rlgxf. master of tha
ceremonies, this afternoon
Labor of Conclave
Earns Hearty
• Approval.
Visits Cell Where
Cardinal Lies
in Pain.
News of Selection Is
.¦"•' Heard With
Interest.
Kindly Errand the
First Act of
Pontiff.
WITH MAGNIFICENT CEREMONIAL PIUS X BESTOWS
APOSTOLIC BLESSING UPON THE CATHOLIC WORLD
THE SAN FKANOISCOV CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGTJST ' 5. 1903;
Calm Dignity of New
Pope Wins
-.V Praise.
5A report has been circulated that gold has been
found in the streets of Baker City. The time seems
opportune Jo revive for the benefit of our Eastern
friends those pictures of the desperate West where
we all carry six-shooters in our belts and bowie
knive3 in our boots and the Indian roams in search
of scalps. -¦'.:__
A violent fall downstairs recently restored to a
Pasadena woman that beautiful and incessantly exer
cised faculty of the fair sex— her voice — without which
she had lived for some time. What a blessing it
would be if something, not necessarily violent, could
be invented to make some of the dear ones speech
leti. ¦ •
Although the percentage method of stating results
is not always the most accurate, it nevertheless in
this case affords a pleasing proof of the rapidity with
( £> TATISTICIANS of the Department of Com-
merce, in order to make a striking showing of
' .progress and growth in our Asiatic trade, have
resorted naturally enough to the easy method of
comparing percentages. Our export trade with
China, for example, in 1893 was less than $4,000,000.
but in 1903 it was upward of $19,000,000. The fig
ures as they stand do not amount to much in the in
ternational commerce of our time, and are hardly
likely to give us pride. When, however, the perr
centage of increase during the decade is noted the
results show up in a way that seems almost like the
realization of the dreams of the most sanguine.
The Bureau of Statistics in a recent bulletin show
ing the growth of our commerce with China presents
the figures in this way: "Comparing this growth^
with that of our commerce with other parts of the
world, it may be said that our total exports to Eu
rope in 1903 aggregate a little over $1,000,000,000,
against $662,000,000 in 1893, having therefore in
creased less than 60 per cent during that period;
those to North America amount % to about $215,000,
,000, against $119,000,000 in 1893, having thus in
creased about 80 per cent; those to 'South America
aggregate about $41,000,000, against $32,000,000 in
1803, an increase of about 30 per cent; those to
Asia in 1903 aggregate about $60,000,000, against
$16,000,000 in 1893, an increase of 275 per cent.
Oceanica the total for the year is about $36,000,000,
against $11,000,000 in 1893, but the exports are not
properly comparable with those of 1893 because of the
fact that they do not include the commerce with the
Hawaiian Islands, which is considered as a part of the
domestic commerce of the United States. To Africa
the total exports for 1903 aggregate about $38,000,000,
against a little less than $6,000,000 in 1893."
It is noted in the bulletin that the figures given of
our exports to China do not represent the whole of
our exports to tnat country, as a considerable pro
portion of the goods exported to Hongkong enter
China indirectly and should be credited to our trade
with that country. Exports to Hongkong last year
aggregated in value something more than $8,000,000,
making our total exports to China and Hongkong
together about $27,090,000, as against $8,000,000 in
1893-
TPvADE WITH ASIA.
WE have already said that no general panic
was in sight as a result of Wall street's at
tack on the waterworks of the great} indus
trial combines. It is evident that a break in some
thing more substantial than water must come be
fore the general prosperity of the country will feel
a check. In an interview just after the cloudburst in
the street Mr. Ridgely, Comptroller of the Currency,
pointed out the solid conditions which make a gen
eral panic impossible. These conditions show that
prosperity has made vast and solid and general ad
ditions to the wealth of the people. • *
In 1893 we had of money in the country $1,739,000,
000. July 1, 1903. we had $2,688,000,000, an increase
of nearly one billion in ten years. In 1892 the banks
held in cash $586,000,000. In 1902 this had grown
to $839,000,000. To show tire distribution and effect
of the wealth indicated by this increase in the money
of the country the increase in farm values may be
taken. In 1800 the value of land, improvements and
buildings was $13,279,000,000; in 1900 it was $16,674,
000,000. The value of farm implements and machin
ery in the same decade increased $267,000,000, and of
livestock $769,000,000. As farm implements and ma
chinery and livestock all belong to the land-owner
and are a part of. the rural wealth, 'we find the in
crease of that wealth in land, buildings, implements
and stock to be $4,431,000,000, and the' present total
of rural permanent wealth to be $20,513,000,000. Add
to this the value of the crops on the basis of 1900,
and the total rural wealth is $25,222,000,000. -
Every one must admit that tlie figures show that
in the distribution of the wealth of the country the
farmer has»secured his share and is Holding on to it.
The value of manufactures increased in ; one year,
ending July 1, 1903. in the sum of $1,950,000,000, and
wages increased $232,000,000. •
These figures are dry, as figures always are, but
they tell a story as interesting as a romance. The
effect is seen throughout the country by the most
careless observer, and there is every justification for
the most optimistic view of the future. . Another ele
ment which safeguards our financial' and industrial
stability is the rapid decrease y 1 our foVcign debt,
which is being extinguished by our foreign creditors.
Instead of needing foreign capital, our own is going
abroad for investment." ;
' On the whole,, the rain that fell out of Wall; street
was from a clear industrial and financial sky, and the
shower/ was localized.
Several Oakland boys attempted a few days ago
to steal a hive of bees. While the boys deserve a
modicum of praise for their excursion into the field
of original crime, truth compels the announcement
that the bees are still in the hive, which in no way
has been disturbed. Another record, however, has
been added to the intense individuality of Oaklanders
in everything they do.
NO PANIC IN SIGHT.
Meantime the situation in the Colombian Con
gress, so far as it can be studied from this distance,
is not encouraging. The Congress has a chance to
get $10,000,000 as a bonus, to start with and a good
big income every year from- the canal, and yet it halts
and hesitates to rattfythe treaty. The republic is in
need of money, and the troops arc demanding pay
ment. The Government is discussing the advisability
of adopting a gold basis for the currency so as to put
an end to the fluctuations that are so disturbing to
commerce and industry, and still Congress deadlocks
an enterprise which promises to provide the republic
at once with a sum of gold which to Colombian eyes
must teem very attractive indeed. Under such circum
stances it is natural a suspicion should arise that the
dominant factor*in the situation. is not apparent on
the surface, and it may be that some foreign power
is at work to beat the treaty. " '/i A '.- < %
If the champagne story be true, then we will have
the 1 paradox of an incident becoming more serious by
being proven more trifling. If- the Panama situation
is'so unstable and the government so insecure that
it may be turned over whenever champagne is opened
et military headquarters, then it is certainly impera
tive that the United States Government take cont^l
of the ifthmus before entering cpon the worjeof com
pleting the canal. ¦ *¦¦"
That is evidently the view taken at Washington,
for one report from that city says: "The State De
partment sees in the trouble which has developed in
Panama proof of its contention to have control of
the canal strip. The provisions of the treaty which
provided for policing the strip have been criticized,
but if the caprice of a military leader is sufficient for
him to risk a revolution and dispossess civil officers
of their authority, 2nd even take them into custody,
the United States must have absolute control of the
isthmus."
DISPATCHES from Washington are to the
effect that both the officials of the State De
partment and Dr. Herron, the representative
cf Colombian affairs in this country, are of the,
opinion that the recent disturbances in. Panama are
more likely to hasten than to retard the ratification
of .the canal treaty. It is added, however, that at the
time Dr. Herron was interviewed on the subject he
declined to make any statement concerning the Pan
ama situation, giving as a reason that he had not re
ceived definite information as to the cause or the na
ture of the recent troubles.
The argument of the State Department, and Dr.
Herron is that no matter what may have caused the
conflict in Panama, the very fact that it has occurred
will convince all factions in the Colombian Congress
that the surest and speediest way to establish peace
on the isthmus is to have it guaranteed by a strong
government like that of the United States. It would
be easy for Panama to revolt against the Colombian
Government, and it would not be easy foi the Gov
ernment to suppress the outbreak. Hence it is as
symed that the Colombian Congress in the interests
of the republic will be inclined to put an end to the
present uncertain situation by ratifying the treaty and
leaving the rest to us.
Later reports from Panama do not confirm the first
•statements concerning the cause of the action of
General Cobos in removing the Governor of the
province and in attempting to arrest him and put
him in jail. The early report was that the troops
had demanded pay. and the Governor had declined
it, and that it was to satisfy his men that Cobos ran
thf Governor out of the country and imprisoned va
rious members of the Cabinet. The latest story is
thit the Governor had not defaulted in the payment
of the troops, ind was not at all to blame for any
thing that happened. The report' goes that General
Cobos had a dinner, at which champagne flowed
freely, and that, being under the influence of the
effervescent wine, the General effervesced himself and
went sparkling forth in a gay humor and upset the
government by way of a frolic.
COLOMBIA AND PANAMA.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 60c a pound, in artistic flre
<tched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
irtends. 715 Market st.. above CaJ bid*. •
MEMORIAL LIGHTHOUSE
FOB HONOLULU HABBOB
Citizens of Hawaii Propose to Erect
Station in Honor of the Late
?' # President McKinley.
HONOLULU, Aug. 4.— The proposal to
establish a public park in or near this
city as a memorial to the late President
McKlnley will probably be abandoned.
Instead of this tribute to the Chief Ex
ecutive, during whose administration the
people of Hawaii became citizens of the
United States. H is now planned to erect
a McKlnley memorial lighthouse at the
entrance to Honolulu Harbor.
This would be a prominent object from
.both land and sea. besides being of great
practical utility. This project meets with
much favor and is likely to be carried
Into effect.
Joergensen Surrendered.
The Secretary of the State Department
at Washingtonr*D. C. instructed United
States District j Attorney Marshall . B.
.Woodworth yesterday to surrender Julius
Anton' Joergensen to the custody of the
Danish Consul for extradition to Denmark
to be tried: for embezzling 40,000. marks
from the Bank of Copenhagen.
NEW DIVORCE LAW-M. G. S.. San
Jose. Cal. The new divorce law of Cali
fornia does not permit a person divorced
in April to marry again in June followlne.
The law provides that the decree of -di
vorce shall not be recorded until one year
after the divorce has been allowed.
The. Supreme Court yesterday affirmed
the order of the Superior Court granting
the defendant in the case of the parents
of John C. Hampton vs. the Occidental
and Oriental Steamship Company a new
trial. John C. Hampton and his wife were
drowned at sea, while passengers, on the
steamer City of Chester, bound for Eure
ka, on August 22. JgS& The parents of
the deceased brought suit for damages
against the steamship company.
Court Grants a New Trial.
TO BE APPEALED— "W.. Tacoma.
"Wash. The divorce law passed at the last
held session of the California Legislature
requiring that decrees cf divorce shall not
be entered up until a year * ron » da *"5'
rendering the same, is to be tested-tn tne
Supreme Court on appeal.
SUCCESSION-X. S.. Oakand. Cal. If a
widow marries again and is Po« ess^^ f
property in her own right, then ««»'"**;
out making a will, tho property passes
according to the law of succession. Tte
property in the case cited, where there is
a surviving husband and one child, passes
one-half to each.
The report of the impending novelty in industrial
conflicts comes from Germany and is contained in
a special dispatch from Berlin to the New York Sun.
It runs thus: "Berlin, July 29. — The combination of
German wireless telegraph systems professes its abil
ity to frustrate every . attempt of Marconi agents to
receive transatlantic messages in England by erect
ing a strong station on the German coast and pro
pelling electric. waves in the direction of the Marconi
current.* Members' of the combination repudiate
Marconi's assertion that willful interruption would be
chicanery, -contending that it would be self-defense
against Marconi's attempt to secure a world-wide
monopoly." . .
The scheme has a high and mighty sound, and. if
carried' out may result fn stupendous things. Should
the Germans erect stations along their coasts to hurl
forth electric waves across the ocean to shut off
wireless" messages from New York to Britain, then
of course the; Marconi company in- self-defense and
in the practice of scientific retaliation would erect
larger stations on the coasts of the United States and
of Great Britain and send forth on their side still
more potent electrical charges to baffle and blight
the German systems of wireless telegraphy. In the
end all great national or commercial systems of the
new form of telegraphy would have to follow the
example of the Germans and the Marconi people,
and then a telegraph war would be a very extraor
dinary affair indeed. V»?»v£
All must agree with the German assertion that the
proposed interruption of the rival system by a wire
less method wpuld not be "chicanery." Marconi
made use of the wrong word* when ht hurled that
charge against his foes. The best thing he can do
is to get the controllers of various systems of wire
less telegraphy to hold an international peace con
gress and agree upon a code of wireless ethics. Then
if the Germans or any other rivals set about pro
pelling electric waves across the path of his messages
he can denounce them for committing breaches of
etiquette and get them expelled off the earth for
violating the ethics of the profession. In the mean
time the public will* watch the progress of the con
test with a good deal of interest: it is a new kind
offight and promises to be thrilling.
t T , 7 IRELESS telegraphy has got safely beyond
Y/\/ the experimental stage and has entered the
• y domain of things practical, and now troubles
multiply. Among the, rival and competing inventors
there are* fights of. many kinds with which'the pub
lic has long been familiar, and it now appears there
is. to be. a new kind of battle, one unheard of be
fore—a battle,- indeed, which could not' have been
waged prior to the invention itself, for it is nothing
more nor less than, a wireless conflict of .wireless
fo'rees operating in the atmosphere and mutually de
strdying.one another.
THE LATEST WIRELESS.
PIANOS-Subscrlber. City. The Wona
tlon you deulre about pianos can£°* °«
published in this department, as it^doea
not advertise piano factories. You wouM
better apply at some first-claw piano
FITZSIMMONS- WIFE-H. F.. City and
others. The wife of Robert FUzsiinmon,.
the pugilist, died at her home in Brook
lyn. N Y.. April 17. l^'^^P^P^i
monia, Fttzsimmons married again last
month.''
The Board of Public Works, greedy for the plums
of office and sneeringly blind to public rebuke, has
created hew and useless positions under its authority.
It is unfortunate that the charter, , under which the
city is misgoverned, does not provide. some remedy
for abuses such as this before the evil works serious
injury to the municipality. .
WEDNESDAY AUGUST 5, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. '-%
ttirtu All Communications -t» W. S. .y E^* Et M °1^iT:
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CAXL. The Operator Will Connect
Ton With" the Department You Wiah,
rCBLICATlOV OFFICE... Market «nd Tblrd, S. F.
CDCTOHIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenscm St.
_ ¦ t
. Delivered by Carriers, 2O Ctt. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Herns tr Mall. Inelnflln* Poetace (Cart With Order):
OAILT CALL <lacluaiD« Suad&7>. on« yew * 8 "?2
DATLT CALL (includla* Sunday), e months *^°
XJXILT CALL— By Sisrle Month ?•" „».?
6CKDAT fA'J, Ott* Tmt 2-«»
tVKKKl.T CALL, On* Yew • ••-. *•©»
f Daily..- $S.SO P«r Tear Extra
rOREXON POSTAGE { Bundajr.. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. IJOO Per Tear Extra
iil Poitmaitrri are »otl»orl»*d to receive
1 ¦ot»«criptlon«.
*M~, r \* eopiea will b* forwards when requested.
Itafl rcbtcrlfcfrt in ordertnr cfcasr* of a£dren shoald t»
particular to t-rt both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their reqaeat
OAKLAXD OFFICE.
* 11XS Brotdwar Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
. tX4S Crater Street Telephone Horth 77
C GEORGE KHOOC5S, Maaagrer Fornlfn Adrer
* _ tlolBsr, Mnrqnrtte Dnlldtnff, CbicaffO.
* *¦¦ . Qjoag Distance Telephone "Central 261*.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CKA5E... 14O6 G Street, H. XV.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
. CTEFHEIT B. SMITH. 8O Tritmae Bolldlas
NEW TOBK CORRESPONDENT:
C- C CAItLTOX Herald Square
** • NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waloorf-Artcria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81 Union 8quare:
Murray Bill Hotel: Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebermao Houee; P. «O. Ncvi Co.: Great Northern Hotel.
Trexaont Hcoim; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
BRAKCH OFFICES— C2T Mont*omerr. corner of Clay, open
BBtJl 9 :8> o'clock. 800 Hayea. open unUl 9 :SO o'clock. 833
• McAllister, open until 9:S0 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
. t SO o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 10B8 Va
* . * Irneu. cxwe tsstU 9 o'clock. 1C8 Eleventh, cpen until 9
©"flock. NW. corner Twenty-eecond and Kentucky, open
ontll » o'clock. 2200 FUlmore, open until 9 p. m.
tur MINT— A. W. R-, City. A person
seS?ff a position in the San Francisco
Mint musr proceed according to the
United States civil service rules. Apply at
the Mint for blank form of application.
STAMP-E. 9- City. Jhe United Stata
Notwithstanding that the heirs of the
$500,000 estate of the late Caroline D.
Cogswell claim that they need the money,
they are having a hard time in securing
a distribution of the estate. Their peti
tion for distribution was set for hearing
yesterday, but was. continued until Thurs
day afternoon to allow Attorney C. I*
Wheeler, for Executor W. G. Henshaw,
to find authorities supporting the claim
of Henshaw that a contract he has with
the heirs, giving him 10 per cent of their
legacies in addition to his fees, is a per
fectly legal document.
The existence of the contract was ad
mitted in court yesterday by Wheeler.
With the admission came a request for
several weeks' time to provide proof of
its legality, and of Henshaw's unselfish
ness in the matter. Four days was all
the court would allow, however, after
listening to strenuous objections by At
torney J. S. Partridge for the heirs, who
said that his clients needed the money.
They were willing, he said, to allow the
executor to retain in his possession prop
erty .valuable enough to provide for the
payment of the 10 per cent commission, in
the event that the contract was held to
be valid; but demanded that Wheeler be
compelled to furnish his points and proof
of Henshaw's purity of motive without
further delay.
The heirs of Mrs. Cogswell are Harry
Skellinger, a nephew residing in this city,
and .'Laura Robley, a sister, and
her two daughters, Elizabeth Robley
and Laura Richardson, who live In Con
necticut. .They claim that Henshaw is
doing all "in his power to delay the dis
tribution of the Cogswell estate because
the longer it is held intact the larger his
fees will be.
; W. A. Boole. has returned to. his Ross
Valley home, . which he will \ occupy for
the rest of the summer. John Martin and
family, . who have been occupying the
Boole residence at Ross Valley for the
last- three months, have returned to the
city. ¦ ¦ ; . ¦ " , ,? . .
T Miss Ethel Margaret Robertson of this
city will be married August & to Warren
Payne Lewis. The ceremony will be per
formed in. ; the' parlors of the California
Hotel by, Rev. William Rader. The hon
eymoon will j be ! passed Mn Southern Cali
fornia. Mr. and' Mrs. . Lewis . will take up
their residence on Van Ness avenue.
A wedding of much interest in the so
cial world was celebrated yesterday at
the noon hour at Trinity Church, when
Miss Alma McClung, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. J. W. McClung, became the bride of
Lieutenant Frederick Home of the U. S.
S. Alert. The popular couple were en
gaged for 8ome time, but the date of the
wedding was not known, so this news
will come as a surprise to many friends
of the young- people.
Only a few of the more intimate friends
of the bride and groom were present to
witness the ceremony. It was simple-,
and after the vows the bridal party vu
driven to the home of Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Clune:.
Miss McClung is a society favorite in this
city and she. has a host of friends. The
groom -is well known here and is a prom
inent naval officer. Mr. and Mrs. Home,
after a brief honeymoon, . will go to San
Diego. , . , .. :
MASTER MECHANIC-Subscrlber.CfT-
For such information as you desire aboit
th* master mechanic of the electric ro.d
!n pSscott, Ariz., address a letter of to
quiry to the company there.
'He has now managed to win his way back to the
Senate, and it seems has also managed to quietly work
his way to the front and. win a following strong
enough to give him a commanding position as a
Presidential candidate. It is said that not only will
his own State be for him, but. that Pennsylvania will
follow and the Solid South *will come trooping be
hind to sustain hjm in the convention'. With such z
showing to start with :t is announced he. will easily
obtain further support from the East and from the
West, and that Bryan himself will stand in and help
to make the thing unanimous.
So far, then, as party leadership is concerned Mr.
Gorman appears to fill the bill of Democratic needs.
When it comes to considering the popular vote, how
ever, it will be found that the Maryland boss is lack
ing in many things ; required of a candidate who is
to have a fair prospect of carrying a majority of the
Electoral College. His career in the Senate has not
been of a kind to win public confidence. His name is
associated with no great measure of public policy,
nor has he shown any of the elements of either a
great popular leader or a great constructive states
man. His candidacy would arouse no enthusiasm
among the masses nor give assurance of an adminis
tration devoted to the general welfare. - In short, he
would be a machine candidate merely and could
hardly count upon obtaining any support outside of
the dyed in the wool stalwarts, who would vote for
anybody the convention might nominate.
Moreover, as the issues of the time are now shaping
themselves it is more than likely that he would be
one of the weakest candidates that Democracy could
possibly select. In the Eastern States and in some
of the Mississippi Valley States there has been going
on for some time a strong agitation in favor of the
old Cleveland tariff reform policy, but the nomination
of Gorman would stultify that movement, for it is
known that Gorman was chief among the Senators
who were" accused by Cleveland of "perfidy and dis
honor" because of their opposition to the Wilson
tariff bill. Another important movement of the
time is that directed toward the suppression of il
legal acts on the part of the great corporations of the
country. Roosevelt has made a strong record on.
the popular side of that issue, but Gorman has none
that his friends would care to see exploited.
In «hort, Gorman can hardly be expected to win
the . support of any considerable percentage of the
independent vote. He will be strong neither with the
tariff reformers, the sound money men nor the anti
trust men. His record is against him on every issue
of the time, and his nomination would tesult in
nothing more than a charge of the old guard of
Democracy go::g up as a forlorn »hope against the
overwhelming sv.asses ©f the American pe6ple.
OUT of the confusion of the Democratic camp
there has come another shout of joy, hailing
the discovery of a Moses to lead the wan
derers out of 'the wilderness of opposition into the
promised" land of Federal offices and spoils. This
time the shout comes from Pittsburg, and the man
hailed as the chosen leader is the old familiar Mary
land boss, Arthur Pue Gorman.*?:* "
That Gorman would make a good leader for the
machine is unquestionable. He is a past master of
the art of wire-pulling, and he knows all the intrica
cies of the mechanism of party politics. He knows
how to preach party discipline and how to practice
it on occasions. His reputation as a politician is not
surpassed by that of any man in his party, and his
adroitness in evading difficulties is remarkable.,. He
did not support Bryan actively during the campaign
of 1896, but neither did. he. bolt the ticket. He was
?iot among those who followed Palmer and Buckner,
neither did he like David Bennett Hill go into rer
.tireraent and pass the weary! months .sucking his
paws like an old bear in winter quarters. In short,
he managed to hunt with the hounds while running
with the hare, and emerged from the campaign with
a good party standing, but at the same time with a
record that led Maryland to go Republican and retire
him from the Seriate. ; ': • r. ,
GORMAN AS A CANDIDATE.
GIVES HENSHAW
TIME TO PROVE
HIS CLAIMS
SOCIETY GIRL
WEDS OFFICER
OF THE NAVY
which our oriental trade is increasing.' As \compared
with exports of over $1,000,000,000 to Europe the
total Asiatic exports' of $60,000,000 is small. Still
the trade is growing. It will be a long time'before
the Chinese people become able to consume Ameri
can products in anything like the quantity and the
quality that now find markets in Europe; but "we
may reasonably expect a steady increase right along,
and perhaps with the opening of new ports and the
awakening of some of' the Chinese provinces to civil
ization the time may not be far distant when our ex
ports to China alone will .reach a value of $ioo,ooo,«
000 a year. In the meantime we must please our
selves with the big percentages shown by comparing
the figures of to-day with those of the comparatively
petty trade of a decade ago.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL," WEDKEeDAYvAUGtST 5; I'JOS. v
6
H ¦¦¦•¦.. . ¦¦¦ i\ ¦ ¦ . ¦ , _____^_____ 2
!j I '¦-''**£* Wvf;Sty>,v: y :-:. ". . ¦ : "7 ,: ¦ ¦ "¦ V .¦¦ ¦ ' . ' * ¦¦¦ V ¦ -...¦¦ .-. - ., ,:¦ :. ./....¦¦¦>¦.¦.... '...-. ,.-¦¦• \. ¦ ¦ . ; ¦. :¦. ¦ • .. . .-v,,:.. 1 ; ¦¦ ¦¦¦ . ¦¦ ¦ •¦¦ ¦ :• .. " ¦.¦ ¦" ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦•:'..' . -¦ ;* : v r->-*J
I . ..>•*.... - - "I
f A POLISH CUSTOM §
1 By KOWALSKI -' |
I Call Art Supplement, August 9, 1903 [I
I 1 — I
9 Q
2 "The Wedding Party," by Kowalski, illustrates the Polish form of a 2
B custom which exists in almost every civilized and many semi-civilized. ©
• . , " /: -V • ¦
g countries. zjj
fjl In the agricultural districts of Poland, where horses are most neces- a
O- .sary to cover long distances over- the broad steppes, it is most natural 3
J • that the wedding procession should take the form of a "promenade en 9
B voiture." It is such a scene, full of life and gayety, that is depicted in 9
m the picture reproduced in the art supplement. Laughing faces, bright 5
® color and. lively movement combine to give the scene a character of joy- ¦
ousness and a "go" seldom found in pictorial representations. '2
¦ "The Wedding Party," which is at present exhibited • at the Chicago •
H • Art Institute, is the property of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Rosenbaum'of Chi- ©
H cago, and is held in high favor. B
2 ? - : - ~- ¦•• £ • v k ¦:% ; ¦ ;'••"•¦¦¦¦¦¦ - ¦ .^>- £S&- %#!*kx - ' ¦
¦ I Cut this description -out of tha paper and paste it on tha back of the picture after it Is framed, I 5
| ~" ' ~~ ¦ " ' "" " ~" ' ' * * 5
b This beautiful picture will be offered FREE, as usual, of tcourse, 5
g with the next Sunday issue of THE CALL * 5
1 All Newsdealers Sell The Sunday Call I
g And ir would be well to place your order early, as the supply is limited. 3
I THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS 1 1
g —The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: | g
B SACRAMENTO— Hevener. Mier & ton Racket Store. 711 East Main street' ran nirro-w r> -». „ * 2
9 Co.. 615 J street; C. N. Davis, book Gage's art store. 509 East Main street-* F -tri*? ' P " ?uller & C*. 71 B
m store. 817 K street. Weber's art store. 425 East Main street! vBrcv^o •
3 PETALUMA-H. S. Gutermuto. J. ?* A £ T Y f 0 - i v - H*iL «2™^ Sr^ nCe & DIck - ¦
| Bros, Book- Bffig^g&S*** » '^^^J^^ I
5 «tore. 20 North Eldorado street; Stock- CHICO-Fetters & Williams. B?os? FT rT He^" o'eofg^Hoban? 00 ** °
lHIH«llltltniU«ltlll«IHtnHIM|i|||iuiiO|iMiMii A | AM . MAM tHospital, where It was discovered that
he was suffering from a possible fracture
of the skull, in addition to several lacer
ated, wounds of the head. # ¦.
The injured man is supposed to be Wil
liam Roach, a resident of Sausalito.
.When the officers reported the matter to
the Central police station detectives were
immediately. detailed on the casp to try
to ascertain if possible how he received
his injuries. The ; detectives are of the
opinion that- the man was held up and
beaten, by footpads. He failed to gain
consciousness and therefore it is impos
sible to cet a statement from him.
WOUNDED MAN IS FOUND
LYING ON CLAY. STREET
Officers Discover Him in Unconscious
Condition, With Blood Flow
ing From Ear.
While walking along Clay , street, be
tween Drumm and East, early this morn
ing, Sergeant Elllis and Patrolman Fergu
son discovered a man lying on the side
walk in ah unconscious condition with"
blood flowing from his right ear.- He
was removed . to the Harbor Emergency
The County Committee -Democrats of
the Thirty-third Assembly ' District met
last night at Silk's Hall," Precita avenue,
near Mission street, and held an enthusi
astic meeting. The following resolutions
were adopted:
Resolved. That a communlea' Ion b«j sent to
the general manager, of. .the . Ul^Ued lOUlroada,
Urging him' to place an electrli'lIne'oa'Cort-
DEMOCKATIC CAMP.
Jesse E. Marks, Dr. Chai._j Y. Cross, Louis
C. Brown, James A. Black, uaarlcs. Keilus,
Hugo D. Newhouse, A. J. jowenberg, . Dr.
Thomas Morffew, I. L. Blum. Id ward Harris,
Ram Dannenbaum. Frank H. I Gray, Morris
Falk, P. J. Mehegan. Walter Hf Robinson. Leo
H. Bunnan, Harrle C. Biggs, >H. A. Bauer.
Kenneth Watson, Samuel M'tyer. John H.
Dumbrell and Adolphus E. Grabpner.
The Independent Republican and the
Roosevelt Republican clubs o" the Thirty
ninth Assembly District will hold a Joint
meeting to-night at Richmond Hall, cor
ner of Fourth avenue and Clement street.
The object of the. meeting is to. discuss
the - coming primary election affairs af
fecting the district; and to prevent any
fraudulent use of the names of the clubs,
or deception of the members thereof.
The Independent Republican Club of
the Fortieth Assembly District held its
regular meeting last night at the head
quarters of the club, 1733 Filimore street,
for the expressed purpose of selecting
delegates for the forthcoming municipal
convention. Dr. Charles V. Cross pre
sided. The. following ticket was. nomi
nated: _
The following delegates w<?re selected:
B. & Flint, Louis B. Levy,; Norman. W.
Hall, ~r. Henry Gibbons Jr., ' Thomas: G.
Knight. Martin Berwin, Charley H. Hoecker,
William H. McGeeney, William F. Inglis,
Daniel H. Skillln, Dr. F. E. All*n, George W.
Lewis, John A. McGee. Samuel .Barman, Paul
Perriguey, George H. Grimm, Frank D. Mac
beth, Daniel Brennan, A. L. Hart, B. R. Jones,
Jchn R. Bride. W. F. Nlcolls land John M.
Noonan. . '
The president appointed Frederick Bird
sail. Edward Attridge, Thomas Barton,
F. C. Selfridge and Valentine Kehrlein as
a campaign committee.
INDEPENDENT REPUBLICANS.
The Independent Republican clubs of
the Forty-fouVth Assembly District met
last evening at the California Hotel for
the purpose of selecting delegates to bo
voted for at the coming primary election.
There was a large attendance, Major
Frank Bettis presided and all present
were enthusiastic as to the outcome. A
resolution was unanimously adopted that
all delegates selected by the consolidated
clubs should support no oric but a straight
Republican for Mayor. The following
were selected as delegates:
Major Frank Bettis, Dr. John Lef fler, Wln
throp L. Cowles, Robert E. Cannell, Dr.
Charles A. Bayly, A. F. W. Asmann, George
T. McDaniels, W. E. Lane, Richard Brewer,
William Ahlstrand. W. H. Schuman, Joseph
F. Wilson. August Kohler, Henry V. More
houre. P. J. Walsh. Albert B. Treadwell, F.
H. Hausman, D. Giovanini. John Crowley,
Henry R. Cosbie, Leon Paucnon and Philip I.
Figel.
INDEPENDENT BEPUBLICANS.
The Independent Republican Club of
the Forty-second Assembly District met
last night at Saratoga Hall, 840 Geary.
President B. P. Flint presided. He . an
nounced the names of the five committee
men from each of the twenty-one pre
cincts. Speeches were made by Norman
W. Hall, Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr. and
Frank D. Macbeth.
The United Republican League Club of
the Forty-flrst District held a meeting at
its clubrooms, 1229 Union Etreet, last night
and selected members to represent them
on the primary ticket.
Tauszky, John Henderson, .George F. Mero Jr..
Sol. Cahen. Thomas P. Ira C.
Hays. Emile E. Kahn. Abraham Levy, Stephen
S. Edmunds Jr., Charles E. Barling. Sanford
Feigenbaum, Thomas Brodie, M. Edward Mc-
Xair, Maurice L. A*her, Randolph J. Garrity,
Aaron H. Powers, Marion D. Cohn and Samuel
McBirney. t
Forty-first— H. O. Beatty. Lester G. Bur
nett, Charles A. Murdock, John C. Currier. Al
bert E. Castle. Henry J- Crocker, Milton H.
Esberjr, Isaac F. Kydd, Robert N. Frick. Louis
S. Beedy. Maxwell McNutt. William Barton,
Horace J. Perazzl, George M. Willcox, William
B. Colllgan Charles A. Son, Charles L. Bar-
Eotti, Myer Jofephson, Adolph F. Schwartz
and Clarence B. Sloan.
Forty-second — Ed N. Ayers, John A. Clover,
James F. Ccsgrove. Milton M. Davis, Don'R.
J'ur.liar. H. Galey. P. M. Gopchevltch, Jacob
Greenebaum. Robert A. Grier. Thomas M.
Gannon, Jesse D. Hannah, William J. Herrin,
Frank V. Keeping, E. G. Knapp, Charles T.
Lindsey. George A. McGowan, P. de La Mon
tanya. Dr. W. A. McQultty, Harry E. Pratt,
Charles IL Sagehorn, George E. Wellington,
Charles A. Westcott and S. A. White.
Forty-third — Thomas D. Rlordan. Walter S.
Brann, Luther Elklns, Samuel H. Kent, James
D. Brown. Philip J. Hasklns. O. M. Marsh,
Charles Sonntag. I. J. Truman Jr., William H.
Gallagher, Thomas K. McCarthy, John B.
Reilly. P. A. Leich, Henry Sexton, Charles
Kauffman. Walter Hanley, D. J. Beban, A. A.
Gnarinl. Marc Anthony. Norman H. Hurd, Dr.
B. T. De Witt. George Walton and Melville
W. Herman.
Forty-fourth — J. George Boyne, Martin W.
Brady. E. S. Strauss, William Blakeley, I.
Ellas, Richard Ryan, Thomas H. Lindsay. Dr.
Walter N. Jackson, John Breen, Daniel H.
Sullivan. Lincoln E. Savage, M. Raggett. M.
M. Blum, Augustus Johnson, J. J. Green,
James D. Shay, James Carr, A. Grasso, Samuel
J. Robertson. Alexander Campbell Jr., A. Kas
kell and James McXalr.
Forty-fifth — A. Ruef, E. M. Buckley. John
H. Nelson, Dr. Campbell Ford, Louis Strohl.
A. Bardet, Charles H. Sommerlad. Richard
Dexalngs, Joseph Barbetta, Walter Hanna,
Frank Marinl. Alexander Campbell, William
Clark. John Chrtsteneon and Jules Berges.
DELEGATES BEPOBTED.
Tte members of the United Republican
League Club of the Fortieth Assembly
District held a meeting last evening at
Franklin Hall, Bush and Fillmore streets.
Henry Ach, president of the club, pre
sided and made the opening address.
Other addresses were made by Charles
Oliver, William S. Wood and other newly
elected members. A large crowd were
present and much enthusiasm was shown.
Th« main business of the meeting was
the report of the executive committee ap
pointed to select the delegates to rep
resent the district. The names Delected
by the committee were unanimously ap
proved by the members of the club.
At a meeting of the members of the
United Republican League Club of the
Thirty-seventh District, held last evening
at 444 Devisadero street. Secretary C. ' B.
Perkins presided, owing to the absence
of the president, W. J. Ruddlck. A large
crowd was present and enthusiastic ad
dresses were made by D. E. McKinlay,
General E. S. Salomon, Judge G. H.
Bahrs, Judge Waldhelmer and Joseph de
Forest.
The order of business was the ratifica
tion of the delegates selected by the ex
ecutive committee.
The meeting of the United Republican
League Club of the Thirty-first District
at the Mission ,Y. M. C. A. Hall last
evening was largely attended. Speeches
were made by prominent Republicans of
the district and the success of the ticket
at the coming primary election was as-<
Eured.
Delegate Tickets Are Filed With the Registrar of Voters
by the Various Political Organizations Throughout City.
United- Republican League Presents a Complete List
ELEGATE tickets proposed by
the district elebs of the Repub
lican and Democratic parties were
filed in the office of the Registrar
of Voters last night. From the
lists so filed delegates w'll be elected to
comprise the local nominating conven
tions. The election will take place under
The provisions of the primary election
* law next Tuesday. The filing on behalf
of the United Republican League em
braces every district in the city. The
names filed will not be printed on the of
ficial ballot. The filing is for the con
venience of the Election Commissioners
in pre^arinz tally sheets. On the day of
the primary election the voter may vote
for any man he chooses to represent him
in the convention. The space on the bal
• lot is left blank for the insertion of such
names as the voter desires to write or
paste thereon. Following is a list of the
l/nited Republican League tickets:
Twenty-eighth L#it-trirt — J. C. Kirkpa trick.
Walter Macauley. Ji.hn A. Barr. James Moflat.
"William J. Harrington, Edward \V. Haughy,
UK-hard Grimes. Waiter Larsen, J. J. Fanning,
i-'red J. Hopper. John K. Hunge, George Cooney
tnd H. W. Peterson.
Twenty-ninth — James J. McQueeney. Leon
.^imuels. John F. Mitchell. Charles H. Gold
»M-ck. Kichard Cox. William H. Cannon, Wil
liam L. Rhys, James N. Nelson. Hyman Levy,
William Koehler. Jchn S. Elliott and John H.
Nagelmaker. /
Thirtieth — Joseph Bertram, Harry Hall,
Thomas M. Walsh. Francis McN'amara, F. E.
Wallace, Frank Roach. Louis Claveloux. L.
M HolllngEworth, Edward J. Dunning, Isadore
Erb. Frank Daunet. William J. Walsh. Harris
IJtrnard, Thomas F. Roberts and James F.
Lav.ler.
Thirty-first — T. C. Duff. George Wlmmer,
William J. McDonnell. W. S. Covey, Thomas
Hullivan. George L Raychester. Charles M.
Krlcksen, James Higgins. James Mcr&n, Henry
M Ryan, David Kenney, Edward Early and
<;eorge R. Crary.
•Thlrty-eecond — Jchn B. Rider. Hellie B. Da.
vidson L. C. Cull. Joseph T. Norton. Edward
WeEsUng, Thomae Cavanaugh, Edward Alkens,
Frank J. Mitchell. George C. Jacobson, Frank
J. Fitzp&tricK John J. Hennesey, Fred W. Zlm
rwrrniin. R. G. Rock and Frank J. Weise.
Thirty-third — John K. Feno. James J. Ryan,
John Hog&n. W. II. Cole, Charles Daley. J. L. .
Taaffe, John F. McGowan, Joseph W. Me-
Tiirue, Fred J. Melncke.
Thirty-fourth — Edward M. Rltter. Alonzo
Davidson, William J. Guilfoyle, Fred Ritchie,
Joseph S. Nyland, G<»orge A. Merrill. William
Ol**ton, John J. O'Brien, John J. Hore. A-
Uuffee Fr»d Severance. Robert Ftrahle, John
.«.• Drew. E. B. Ring, H. A. Bilay and J. H.
"Vrfirty-fifth— John D. *Daly. John S. Part
ridge. W. H. Bmith. E. Trlttenbach. F. Berna,
Ualph L. Hathorn, George W. Elder, H. N.
Jlall E. J Lynch. Clifford McClclIan. Charles
H Kitch. 'William H. Ccbb. R. II. Stafford,
Kdward F Troadwell. MorrU J. Winter Jr.,
IC. R. Pea*e. Thomas C. Maher, John II. Daw
*on, Joseph Windrow. William Metrner and
David J. Creamer. .
Thirty-eixth— -Charles H. J. Truman. Charles
A <juinn, John Tonnlngsen. M. v. Taylor,
<-harless It. Burke. If. W. Fraser, Charles dt la
I-'ontalne. II. J. Alexander. John II. W. Mullor,
<"h«rles W. Baker. Frank M- Stevens, Wil
li«m J. WJnterbottom. F. W. Burnett. J. A.
I'lyroire, Walur R. Van Locn, Zachary 1.
liarber and James Hannon.
Thlrty-neventh— C. B. Perkins, R. V. Lucy,
M. .1. WEldheim»r, Anthony Gallagher,
Thomas E. Haven, H. T. SJme. H. Blume.
Jojin It. McGuffirk. I. Wertlwlnjer, Joseph de
Forest, W. J. Young. F. Beeckman Jr.. H.
Newburph. Fred C. Jones. E. L. Cook, John
K. Green. 8. Bloom. Jamets Cairns, W. 6. Den
nis, George W. Hchell. James gtevens. J. C.
Cullfn. Charles F. Craig, Leo V. McDonald
and Fred W. ¦ Franks.
Thirty-e!ghth— Isidore Golden. Thurlow M1I1
«T. John J. O'Brien, M. W. Mclntosh, J. M.
Adkin*. Vr. Joseph A. Weigh. David B. Faktor,
Max Goldberg, John A. Germs, Julius Eaxnuel,
Martin Tledemann Jr.. Frank J. Mnrphy, A.
A. Friedlander. William Marks. Jesse Mayer.
A. L. Well. James Geddes. A. Van der Nalllen
Jr.. 3. T. Nours*. P. A. Bergerot. Samuel H.
Uerkett. A. M. Currie. M. W. Dlnkelspiel, John
.J. Sullivan and Myrtile CJerf.
Thirty-ninth — It. H. Countryman, Joseph
Ttebstock, Jc-hn R. Altken. Joseph A- Master
kon, C. S. Ewlnr. J. B. Whitney. J. T. Wll
liami!, Cra*-ford W. Douglass. William B.
Craig. J. B. Sykes. George R, Fletcher. T. E.
Atkinson. I. D. Bluxome and Frank W. Cornyn.
ForUetb — Henry Ach. Joseph G. Glerting,
.V, liiiam £. Wood. Charles G. Clinch. Edmund
T. Tracy, John Heenan. F. Schilling. C. J.
Harrigan, Mark Lewis. Con Roddeh, M. Gll
rr.ore. Thomas -McKeon, H. Simon, J. P. Mc-
Donald. Thomas Mitchell. Fred Bender, D. J.'
McCarthy, Joseph Bresnahan. John Warren, J.
C. Sullivan, John McLaughlin, W. J. Munn.
Joseph Hughes. W. H. Ahlman, John Hurley,
Wllllatn Cronin, P. Mlr.nahan, A. J. Diamond,
H. Hubert and James Mcrton.
The Thirtieth Assembly District Demo
cratic League Club met last night and
selected the following delegates to be
voted for at the primary election:
Thomas Brennan, F. H. Cavagnaro. Timothy
K. Coaklcy, Lawrence J. Dolan, Thomas R.
Dunn. Louis Ferrari, Peter Hughes. James
Kelly, M. Kiernan, John P. McArdle. Thomas
F. Murphy, John Sermattei, Robert S. Shepston,
Joseph Boizzard. John G. Whitehurst and H.
E. Wlnkler.
The following delegates were selected
Resolved. That we commend the course of
our present Board of Supervisors in refusing to
grant, a righl of way to the southern Pacific
Company over the bay shore until they remove
the Mission tracks.
land avenue, connecting Mission and San
Bruno roadF.
DISTRICT CLUBS READY
FOR PRIMARY ELECTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO LCALL V WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 5, 1903.
¦ Timothy O'Grady was convicted by a
jury in 'Judge Dunne's court yesterday
afternoon on a charge of robbery and will
be sentenced on Saturday. On the morn
ing 'of April SO he, held up Thomas Mul
cahy, a stranger, in the hallway of 'the
old Baltimore " House, 502 Bush street,
and robbed him of ?50.
Convicted of Robbery.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
GRANP&SE&
ONLT MATINEE SATURDAT.
LAST inOXJK. NIQHTSI
RAYMOND AND CAVBRLY
And Our Superb Eastern Company In
IN WALL STREET
Next Sunday INight
The Rogers Brothers' Success of Last Season,
A Gorgeous, Novel and Beautiful Production.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
PRICES— 25c. BOc. 75c.
150 minutes or bouxcxhtg jot 1
EVERY NIGHT— INCLUDING SUNDAT.
MATINEE SATURDAT ONLT.
P^^JTO A "The Comedian
13 £a. Iv/\ You All Know."
KENDALL
In His' Great Starring Comedy Success.
"THE VINEGAR BUYER"
A LICENSE FOR LAUGHTER.
Liebler & Co Mana'pera
Next Monday— Second Week of EZRA KEN-
DALL. .
I iVULiHousd
TO-NIGHT AND THROUGHOUT THE
WEEK— SATURDAT MATINEE.
Third Week of
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
In her special engagement for Smith St. Da
. .. Koven's Masterpiece,
THE HIGHWAYMAN
EDWIN STEVENS as 70ZT QOTXIiEX.
ARTHUR CUNNINGHAM. EDWARD
WEBB. FERRIS HARTMAN. ANNIE MT-
ERS. BERTHA DAVIS, AIMEE LEICESTER
and Special Cast.
. ' "V The Next Attraction Will ' B*
"THS rOBTUHE TEUES."
rOPULAR PRICES— 25c. 80c, 75c
1 : ' Telephone Bush 9.
ALCAZAR THT
i . Gen. Mgr:
' TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLT.
"Charming rerfonnahce." — Chronicle.
."A delightful comedy."— Call. .
"Went with a snap." — Examiner.
WHITE WHITTLESBY
THE -BUTTERFLIES..
Evg., 25c to 75c; Mat. Thur. & Sat.,' 15c to 50c.
Next Monday— Farewell Week of the WHIT-
. TLESET Engagement.
THE THREE MUSKETEERS.
Monday, Aug. 17 — The Greatest of Rural Playa.
THE DAIRY FARM,
PsilarA D °N >T F AIL TO
IQlaW see the beautiful
, COURT Lounging
2 1*1 fl room, the EMPIRE
ailU p ARLOR. the
¦.r - J PALM ROOM, the
llf/)Hfl LOUIS XV PAR-
UiUUU LOR, and the LA-
II ± t DIES' WRITING
ilotels room.
Sunstroke Insurance
rS^-'/y^'. Whenthe summer's heat gets about 90 de-
f "^^ JL/ grees, you. are liable to be sunstruck any
k MSB&^WE^i*- time you are out in the sun, unless you take
iffi0i&i!$fy^S^^ proper precautions. Several years ago,
Jr^$wPy^/^gS&; the writer. of this, who has spent much of
£Lj3M^//flA§ n i s life ' n the tropics, thought he was safe
1 <t/\? l \ f rom sunstroke. One day he collapsed,
eL]*^ \ remained unconscious for five hours, and
\ at t i mes his' life was despaired of. Asa
JpsS&^ J matter of fact, any person whose stomach
7^»^©s^^ 1 an<^ ovve^ s are ' n b ac * sh'ape. in the sum-
- ifl|h^>*S«ffig^^V m er time, is liable to be stinstruck in tem-
y*fPfejy*^ • -' forms acids and gases, raise the
bread-fruit, have a temperature 20 degrees lower than that of white men
who are careless about their food ortheir bowels. -It has been found in
years of experience, that a CASCARET Candy Gathartic taken at
bed-time^eyeryl night will keep the body.clean and cool inside all day,
and forms a safe and thoroughly reliable form of sunstroke insurance.
< " a • . Best for the Bowels. All drugg Jst», loc, 35c, 50c. Never sold In bulk. Ths
fTirA{*mi OaT^ genuine tablet stamped CCC. Guaranteed to cure or your money back.
IM'vVWWVy Sample and booklet free. Address .
T^jlH I'fmmii"""^^ Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. 658
AMUSEMENTS.
\tt+r u~i i~u J It a m ¦¦ maa^^m ppoprjetor*.
Market Street, Near E!?hth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ONE WEEK ONLT.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Stupendous Production of Edwin Arden's
Powerful Russian Drama,
— WITH—
HERSCHEL MAYALI. • as RABBI ISRAEL
FRANCOS.
EUGENIA THAIS LAWTON as ZORAH.
Gorgeous Scenic Effects! Splendid Costumes!
Brilliant Cast!
DDirCC EVENINGS 10c to 50c
rftlvEO MATINEES 10c, 15c. 25c
Monday. August 10 — "MAN'S ENEMY." '
! S AHUSEXnSSTB.
MATDJEB TO-DAT. WEDNESDAY. Anxust 3.
; Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; CaU-
aren. ary part except reserved. 10c.
Vigoroosjaodeville,
The Great Kanfmann Troupe; Dooley
and Tenbrooke; Koberts, Hayes
and Roberts; George Austin; lime.
Konorah; James J. Morton; Ma-
cart's Dogs and Monkeys; Clau-
dius and Corbin and the Biograph.
, ¦
IfAblFORNIA
I _ Greatest Dramatic Bargain. 1 K^A
\J Ever Offered. f^
VXZLK-KOBOSCO CO.
AD FortT, Matchleas Romance of .75
— A the Revolution.
i>U JTAHXCS iCEBEDITH. *K)
9«| First time at les» than $2 O K
J^ J prices. Now at 25c. 60c. 73c +-O
I Bargain Matinee Thursday.
I 23c and 50c. Next Sunday
jfn £**}. "A ROYAL, FAMI- »¦¦
iIhelatrD
ABE TOTT AWABX?
'TIS THE LAST WEEK.
"UIVDER THE^RED CLOBE W
"THE THREe'^IUSKEETERS*
Our "All-Star" cast, lncludtn*
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE,
HARRT HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
RESERVED SEATS — Nights. 23o. 50c aa4
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinee*. 23c and
50c; Children at Matinees. 10c and 23c
Next Monday Night — Great Double Bill —
"QUO VASS ISS" and "THE BIG LITTLE
PRINCESS." Greatest BUI of Burlesque*
Ever.
Lester and Curtin; Little Blossom;
The Three Xuhns, and a Great
Show Every Afternoon and Eve-
ning in the Theater.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
- visit thi: —
pound and one-half babt and hi3
COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
THREE BABT TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 5c.
IERCES
FAVORITE
SUMPTION
, R WEAK WOMEN.
WBBHyCi $1.00 Der Year
"¦•' ADVERTISEMENTS. -•• . .'..:. — '--•,- •' ¦ ' • y.^>-., >'/'-' i~^{,", :^
¦ ' 1 ¦ • ¦ "- ¦-* - • ¦ - ¦ ¦- ¦:...¦ ..-.¦-¦ ' '- ' ¦ - ¦ •_•__-¦ * ¦
1 1 Uill LIIW VJ'UlUWll \iCliv %AJ 1 lvil VICivWel
: Another enviable distinction and a new record have been won by the 2O-horsepower
COMINO OUT OP THE WEST.— Dr. Jackson at the wheel, Mr. Sewall X. Crok er of Tacoma, Wain., his riding- companion, and "Bod," their mascot.
Dr. Jackson has consented to write a complete record of his wonderful ride. It will be full of interest not alone for the descriptive matter contained, but on account of the attractive illustrations
reproduced from photographs taken on the trip. We are having it prepared in book form and will mail copy to any address upon request. Ask for "The Transcontinental Automobile Record." |
THP WINTON MOTHI? f 'AlMl-IAfiP rfi factories and main offices, Cleveland, d. s. a. I
X 11 L/ Tf 111 1 \3k\ If Ivf 1 \Ji\. Vx\lVJ»\lrlLvlL' VVfe Branches and Agencies in the Principal Cities Throughout North America. JjAGED WOMAN BADLY INJURED.— Mrs.
Annie McCarthy, ah aged woman, residing at
224 Birch avenue, while ' returning • home from
St. Ignatius Church yesterday morning, fell on
the pavement and broke her right - shoulder
blade." .'She was removed to the Emergency
Hospital; where her injuries were treated.
HONOLULU, Aug. 4.— An exploitation
company is being formed here, under the
leadership of Captain Frederick Walker,
it3 object being to search for buried
treasure on the Island of Palmyra.
Will Search for Buried Treasure.
Collins Retains the Championship.
CHICAGO. Aug. 4.— Kreigh Collins suc
cessfully defended his title of Western
tennis champion to-day in his match with
A. C. Snow, winner of the Kenwood
tournament. The pets postponed from
yesterday wr re played to-day and . went
to Collins. 7-5. 6-4. The first set played
yesterday was also won by Collins. 6-0.
Fa6t, light training work will take up
most of James. J. Corbett's exercising
programme between ' now and the' time
he enters 'the roped - arena to meet tho
ponderous and slower ; gaited James J.
Jeffries. Corbett believes he has (devoted
a mple tlmo . to : the , development of s» the
particular' muscles and parts ' he will .call
into action when ht> goes out to (jet the
range "of the: swarthy boiler-maker and.
The Ex-Champion Strives to Develop
Speed for the Big Fight.
LIGHT WORK: FOR CORBETT.
CHICAGO; Aug. 4.— At the regular
monthly meeting of the board of stewards
of the Western Jockey' Club to-day the
following person*, and horses- were re-
Stored to good standing: W. J. Flnnerty,
Jockey; E. D. Turley, owner; J. L. Farris,
owner; J. P. Devlin, trainer; J. Woods,
Jockey; the horse Tom Collins, owned by
Georpe W. Beck.
No action was taken on, the applica
tions for the reinstatement of persons or
horses who had raced at Newport.
Racing, dates for the fall meeting of the
Highland Park Club were transferred
from August 23-Scptcmber 19 to Septem
ber lS-October 10.
Two Riders Are Restored to
Good Standing. "
Several Owners, Trainer Devlin and
WESTERN JOCKEY CLUB
STEWARDS HOLD MEETING*
Fourth race, one nillo — George D«wey won.
Mt*B Vera second. Axmlnst*r third. Time.
1:42H.
Fifth rare, flv# and a half furlongs — Hlrtle
won. R»«s*bud BKTond, Lrral Maxim third.
Time. l:0».
Sixth race, mix and a half furlong* — Step
around won. Sol Ltrhtensteln second. The
Tride third- Tira#>. l:?0%.
Thini rare, five and a half furlongs — Theroa
won, Th*> Scot eecond. King Herald • third.
Tlnv. 1:08 W.
Second race, four and a half, furlongs' — Doris
won, Nora e^cond. Jack Little third. Time
First race, four furlongs— Ulctma won, Bar
ney Owcru pecond, Adnor third. Time. :4S«4.
SEATTLE. Aug. 4. — Following is a summary
of to-day*e racing at th* Meadows:
Racing' Results at Seattle.
BOSTON, Aug. 4.— A default by one of
the British players and a decisive defeat
for one cf the American contestants
made the first day's play for the Inter
national Lawn Tennis challenge cup ' at
thje Longwood Cricket Club to-day not
only dull but disappointing.
It was announced that R. F. Doherty
had piven uj> his match with XV. A. Lar
ned because of a strained shoulder. The
other brother, H. L. Doherty, defeated
the American plftytr, R. D. Wrcnn, in
straight pets. 6-0. C-3, G-4.
The British team had the option of play-
Ing its Fpare man. H. S. Mahoncy in
the place of R. F. Doherty. but this
would have necessitated his playing also
In the second perks of sinclc3 on Thurs
day, by which time it is expected .the
eldest Doherty will be in shape again.
Mahoney. however, will take R. F. Do
herty's pla<c In the doubles to-morrow.
p!aying with II . L. Doherty. and a close
oonten is anticiDated with the Wrenn
brothers.
LAWIT TENNIS CONTEST
PROVES DISAPPOINTING
R. F. Doherty Gives Up His Match
With W. A. Lamed Because of
a Strained Shoulder.
chief event of. the regatta of the Royal
Yacht Squadron, was won by the German
Emperor's Meteor..
The race was sailed over the old Queen's
course in half a gale of wind. Th© Me
teor ran away from the other boats, both
Buns Away From Her Competitors
and for the Second Time Cap- .
tures the Cup.
COWES. Aug. 4.— The King's cup. the
GERMAN EMPEROR'S YACHT
WINS THE KING'S TROPHY
Second game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 15 1
Chicago 4 : 8" 8
Batteries — Evans and Kahoe; Aldrlch and
Elattery.
Detroit 5 9 0
DaUerWf— Donahue ana Abbott; Mullin,
Kltson and McGulre.
ST. LOUIS, Auc; 4.— St. Loula and Chicago
played a double header to-day by special
arrangement In order to set away from a con
flict in .dates with the National League, St.
Louis winning the first, 3 to 0, and Chicago
taking the second. 4 to 1. Sugden had his
finger broken by a foul tip. Attendance, 1S00.
Sco*es :
First game — H. H. E.
Ft. Louis M 3 6 .1
Chicago O 3 0
Batteries — Powell and Sugden; Patterson and
Elattery.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 4. — Donahue made his
debut In a Cleveland uniform to-day and was
hit hard in the early part of the game. Mul
lin was hit In the wrist by a pitched ball and
was forced to retire In favor of Kltson. At
tendance. SOCO. Score:
H. H. E.
Cln-eland 2 8 2
Chicago 15 1
Pittsburg 0 4 0
Batteries — Menefee and Kllng; Phtlllppl and
Smith. . Umpire — Moran.
CHICAGO, Augr. 4. — The champions were
white washed to-day In a decided pitchers' bat
tle and a game that wa* perfectly played ex
cepting for one fumble. Slagle's single. Casey's
sacrifice, a wild pitch and Chance's hot one
past third scored the run. Attendance, 210O.
Score: . ,. .._,
K. H. E.
Donahue Makes His Appearance in a
Cleveland Uniform and Is
Hit Hard.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO AND PITTSBUBQ
PLAY AN EXCITING GAME
T» TJ T£
g«att!e 2 0030110 x— 7 10* 2
San Francisco 0 2000020 0 — 4 6 2
Batteries — Hughes and Eoettlger; Lindsay
and Kelly.
PORTLAND. Au*. 4.— A double play bT
Portland, which caught one player at third
and the other at first, was the sensational con
clusion of a gam* which resulted In a shut
out to-day for Sacramento. McFarland pitched,
splendid ball and kept his hits well scattered.
Black. Sacramento's latest acquisition, seems
to have speed and variety, but lacks experi
ence. Score :
Portland 1 1 2 0 2 2 0 0 x— 8 io" 6
Sacramento OOOOOOOOfr-0 • 4
Batteries — McFarland and visneux; Black
and Graham. tJmpire— Levy.
In beating to Lymlngton and running back
to Cowes. She had a long lead on passing
Cowes to the eastward at noon. The
Brynhild was next and the Creotonia last.
The Meteor finished at 2:57:05, the other
yachts at that time being out of sight.
She saved her handicap and thus won
the King's cup. this making tha second
time that the German Emperor haa cap
tured the trophy.
SEATTLE. Anjr. A.— Seattle won tha first
Kame of the aeries to-day aj?ainst San Fran
cisco. Both Ditchers were hit hard, but tha
Caiifornlans had difficulty in placing Hughes'
curves accurately. Lindsay went up In tha
air In the fourth, walking three men and let
ting three runs through. Score:
Have Difficulty in Solving Hughes'
Curve»-^Sacramento Shut Out.
UNCLE'S MEN DEFEATED.
Daniel A. Ryan presented the second or
opposition ticket. He denied that it was
in opposition to. President Harrison, say
ing every member of the club loved him
and commended hls v dlstingulshed leader
ship and his policy. This ticket contained
the names of H. 8. Russ, Arthur K. Bru
man, T. I. Fitzpatrlck, Dr. O. B. Burns
and T. J. Powers.
Theodore F. Bonnet moved the adoption
of the ticket headed by Mr. Spreckels
and that the vote be by viva voce. . This
was seconded by'J. F. Cunningham. Upon
the question being putthere was a thun
der of "ayes" and a feeble , "no. 1 .' 'This
completed the business of the - evening
and the meeting adjourned.
When President Harrison called the
meeting to order he faced an unusually
large and representative gathering of
members. He prefaced his remarks by
saying that four hours before he left the
heart of a great forest where all was
peace, narmony and good fellowship. He
hoped, now that he was in the heart of a
great club, the same conditions would
prevail.
He then called for nominations and
Henry R. Mann presented the ticket
headed by the name. of J. D. Spreckels
and which was subsequently chosen as
the regular ticket. Frank H. Gould sec
onded the nomination. He was frequently
Interrupted by applauBe.
He said he was grateful to be afforded
an opportunity to second the nomination
and to testify to his admiration of the
present administration. He outlined the
many improvements which had iiieen
made and the spirit of progress which
had made the Olympic Club the best of
its kind in the United States. He said
tthis was no time for compromise and
asked the members to stand .by the offl
cers who had stood by them. He* told
them the club was "blessed with having
a man at its head who not only knows
but does. He paid graceful compliment
to President Harristti for hi* work in be
half of the club ana said he hoped there
would be no dissenting voice nor nomi
nation. . ,
The opposition vanished into thin air
at the Olympic Athletic Club last night
when the members met in the Post-straet
gymnasium to select a regular nominat
ing ticket for the forthcoming election.
The administration ticket was chosen
by an overwhelming majority. President
William Greer Harrison and his confreres
on the board of officers were given evi
dence of the high esteem in which they
are held by the members of the club.
The ticket nominated by the committee
chosen last night will go before the 'club
at the forthcoming election as the regu
lar ticket. The committee is made up of
J. D. Spreckels, W. H. Hanrahan/A. P.
Hampton, Hermann Oelrlchs and L. L.
Cooper.
An opposition ticket will bo placed in
the field, but it is not expec<ed to meet
with any more favor than it did last
night
Running home to the finish line, in such
a breeze as the old boat ought to be at
her best, the cup hunter added almost five
minutes to her victory, an astonishing
performance.
as the former champion hopes, the laurels
Jeffries wears as the king of the fighters.
During the past few days Jim has es
chewed all vigorous training work that
tended tcr make him P9werful, but which
also { had'a tendency to make him slow.
Bag punching, shadow sparring, rope
jumping:.. and short sprints are on the
daily routine at Corbett's camp. Base
ball Ik. also, a favorite form . of exertion
with the big boxer. Jim can be seen near
ly every afternoon" wielding the : bat and
running the bases on the field at Croll's
Gardens. Corbett put In most of yesterday
morning . in hlg '¦ gymnasium. He boxed
with Yank Kenny for five rounds and
hammered the spherical punching bag for
three more. The big oblorfg swinging bag
filled : > with ;• wheat was not disturbed by
Jim " yesterday. Wrestling and shadow
boxing were » also part ' of , the ex-cham
pion's efforts. In" the afternoon Corbett
took part in a game of baseball in which
some of his theatrical friends from this
city participated.:
ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS, N. J., Aug.
4.— Captain Wringe oT the Shamrock III
and Captain Bev^s of the Shamrock I got
into a hot contest in to-day's race of the
two boats off Scotland Lightship, and the
masterly fashion in which* the * clever
skippers handled the big races delighted
Sir Thomas Llpton and Captain McKins
ley of the Teutonic and Captain Bertram
F. Hayes of the Arabia, his guests, as
well as the Erin's company. Captain
Wringe, who haa yet to discredit Sir
Thomas' word that he is the best of
Great Britain's skippers at getting a cov
eted position at the start, sent the chal
lenger over the line with the older boat
under her lee for a ten-mile beat to wind
ward and a run home on a rattling twen
ty-two-knot breeze from the southeast.
The conditions were the old boat's best
chance, and Captain Bevis fretted for fif
teen minutes while his craft was blank
eted by the fleeter-footed challenger.
Then he whirled the Shamrock I about
on the other tack. Captain Wrlnge fol
lowed, and again blanketed Bevis' craft.
The Shamrock I promptly tacked again
and Just as promptly the challenger
whirled about. Seven tacks were made in
three minutes, eac^h time the Shamrock
III holding the old boat under her lee.
The seventh, Captain Bevis got headway
on his boat, while the challenger was fill
ing away, and the Shamrock I slipped
through the challenger's lee and got her
wind clear, but she had not the heels to
hold it. The Shamrock III was still to
windward and soon overhauled her pace
maker, so that the latter had t* tack
again. Captain Wringe did not follow,
but gave his attention to getting to the
turnlny mark. Up to that time the old
boat had held her own well, but after
ward she rapidly dropped astern and was
beaten by two minutes seventeen seconds
elapsed time at the turn.
Opposition Vanishes
Into Thin Air at
Meeting.
Outsails Shamrock I in
a Stiff Southeast
Breeze.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race^ — Toupee, Turrando, Port
Warden.
Second race — Tom Crabb, Halmis,
La Bouge.
Third race^ — Olonetz, Never Such,
Feronia.
Fourth race — Fltzkanet, Croix
D'Or, Malater.
Fifth race^ — Brancas, Scalper, Im
boden.
Sixth race — Memphian, Pamplona,
Brown Veil.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 4.— The following; are the
entries for to-morrow's races?
First race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
Untrue 102. Marie Stone 102. Pinky B 105. Mill
Brook 105, Potter 110, Toupee 107, Easter
Walters 102, Woodlyn 105, W. P. Palmer" 107,
Port Warden 105, Turrando 105.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Ben
Hullum 10", Fugurtha 105. Pay the Fiddler
107. Pope Leo 100. The Four Hundred 102,
Charles C 102, Cotton Plant 102. Halmis 100.
Tenny Belle 05. Landseer 102. La Rouge 100.
George H. Ketchum 112. Tom Crabb 112.
Third race, one mile, selling — Cautious 102.
Ranchman 106, Ferronla 95, Olonetz 103, Blan
do 97. Hindi 101. Neversuch ""V
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Actlne 97.
Nearest 07. Crolx d'Or 103. Fitzkanet 100. Lady
Vashti 07. Helen Print 104. Malster 10G.
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse — Scalper 100.
Imboden 108. Mllkirk 103. Brancas 103.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Emma Meyer 85, Whalebaek 105. Irving Mayor
105, Exapo 87, Pamplona 103, Memphian 102.
Dr Hart 103, Terra . Incognita 109, Carley*s
Dream 89, Baronet 104, Brown Vail 103,
Noweta 04.
Weather cloudy; track good.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
CUP CHALLENGER
BEATS OLD BOAT
OLYMPIANS NAME
REGULAR TICKET
After the lunch hour the champion took
a. twenty-two-callber rifle and , tramped
the adjacent hills in' search of small
game. He participated in a game of base
ball after dinner and about 9 o'clock re
tired to the gymnasium again, where he
punched the bag for about an hour. He
next took a mineral water plunge, was
rubbed , down and then went to his bed,
thus completing* strenuous day.
As a preliminary to the evening exer
cise Billy Lyons and Dick. Adam's put on
the gloves. Luke Kelly _of San- Pedro
acted as referee. In the first round Lyons
laid away and Adams came up for the
second brimful of confidence. Then Lyons
cut loose, making Adams think everybody
in the gymnasium was tossing a* glove at
him. Lyons' footwork was superb and
his auger punch proved disastrous. Ad
ams, through clever ducking, made a
draw of it. F. E. MULHOLLAND.'
The Jeffries of the future will unques
tionably be a different man from the Jef
fries of the past. He will no longer take
matters quietly, permitting his opponents
to wear themselves out vainly endeavor
ing to cause dents in his anatomy or
puncture the skin on his face, but will
rush and mix matters as Sullivan of old
did. At this game ho looks invincible^ At
the conclusion of the go with Fitz, Jeff
boxed three rounds each with Joe Ken
nedy and Jack Jeffries, and he. spared
neither of them, finishing up apparently
fresh.
His breathing apparatus was good and
it was the opinion of all who viewed the
bout that the champion had never before
displayed such speed. Not only was he
fast with his hands, but his footwork, too,
seemed remarkably sharpened, until Fitz
simmons found it almost impossible to es
cape the big fo'.low's rushes, and this in
a twenty-five-foot ring. Jeff was well
pleased with himself, and says he will
continue to acquire speed.
Well, the champion unpacked a box of
jabs, hookn and swings to-day that no
body ever accused him of possessing.
Jeff opened hostilities by a short run on
the road, an hour's preliminary exercise
with the gymnasium apparatus, Incident
ally skipping the rope 1200 times. Then,
before a selected few. he went three
straight rounds with Fltzsiramons, and
they were corkers for sure. The big fel
low slammed punches in on Fltz's angular
frame and received some himself by re«
turn mall, until, from the outside it must
have sounded like a carpet receiving a
thorough dusting in some cleaning estab
lishment. In the second round Jeffries
neglected to remove his chin and stopped
a half-developed left uppercut, - which
caused him to bite his tongue slightly.
At the close FiU's mouth was bleeding,
his reserve air chambers were exhausted
and he welcomed Billy Delaney's call of
time as a hobo does a turkey handout.
The elimination of long, tiresome runs on
the road ia certainly proving beneficial to
Jeffries.
advised his pre-empting a claim
on the Indio tuberculosis reservation
could not have been present on Monday
morning to see the champion at work.
All along Bob Fitzslmmons has felt de
pressed because Jeff did not box oftener
and "send them in," as the Australian
expressed it. "I never asked»any of my
trainers to spare me," said Fitz, "and
that's the sort of work Jeff needs." '
tj TT ARBIN SPRINGS, Aug. 4.— Pity
j=— ][ it is the alarmists who ad
1 I "vanced the idea that Jim Jef
**• ¦** fries was a physical wreck and
CHAMPION JEFFRIES AIMING HIS TERRIBLE RIGHT HAND AT BOB FITZSIMMONS* CHIN IN A TRAINING
BOUT. OF COURSE. IT DOES NOT LAND EVERY TIME. IF IT DID THE SUPPLY OF BOXING PART
NERS WOULD SOON BE EXHAUSTED. ' *
The Cripples placed a man on every bag
during the progress of the sixth round
and only one was down, but at that they
could not get a man over tha rubber.
Schwartz and Murdock each singled to
left field, -and Moose Baxter beat out a
hot ona to short. Dr. Moskiman drove
a hard liner right into the hands of Ros3.
The latter threw the ball so accurately
to the nlate that Murdock was afraid
to take a chance of being caught. Then
Messerly ended the agony with a short
fly to Toman.
Little Ross played a great game In left
field. He had five chances, two of them
at least beinsr good for hits on nearly
any one's ball field. Both Spies and Gor
ton threw well to second, and consequent
ly there was not a stolen base on either
side. The score:
Oakland— t Los Ang-le«-— !
AB. R. H. P. A. | AR It S\ P. A.
ffHar, cf.4 12 3 0 Hoy. cf...4 O.Cl.V 0
Frncks «.4 0 0 2 g|\Vhlr, 2b.3 0 0 0 t
Mrdck rf.3 0 2 2 0 i Smith, 3b. 4 0 0.4 :;
Bchta Sb.4 0 12 4 Dillon, lb.4 0 0 ft O
Baxtr 2b.S 0 2 2 3 Crvth. rf..2 O t 1 O
Moskn. lf.3 0 13 OiRoss. If... 2 0 0 5 O
Msrly lb.S O O 11 Oi Toman, s.2 0 0 3 2
Gorton c.3 0 0 2 2 Spies. Cu 0 0 O .1
Lee. p 3 0 0 0 2 Dkwtr. p.3 0 1 1 0
Totals.30 1 9 27 141 Totals.27 0 2 24 »
RUNS AND HITS BT INNING3.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits 0001O001 0—2
Oakland 1 0 0 0 0 O O'O x— I
Base hits 20010311 x— 3
SUMMARY.
Errors — Drinkwater. Smith, Messerly. Cra
vath. Schwartx. Sacrifice hits — Rosa, Toman.
First base on errors — Los Angeles 2. First baa*
en called balls^ — Off Lee 3, off Drtnkwater 1.
Left on bases — Oakland 6. Los Anvetcs 3.
Struck out — By Lea 1. Time of fame — 1 hour
and 30 minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
O'Hara opened the game with a driva
past Dillon. Then Francks smote an easy
bounder right Into the mitts of Drink
water. In his anxiety to get tha ball to
the second bag in a hurry, and thua head
off the speedy jO'Hara, ho sent bal1
far Into center* field.
O'Hara reached third In safety and was
about to anchor there for a while, and
maybe for cood, when Dummy Hoy's
throw arrived. Big Smith was Indulg
ing in a siesta and he neglected to in
tercept the course of the rapidly travel-
Ing sphere. This gave O'Hara a chance
to sprint for the plate, where he landed
with the only run.
Lee was in wonderful form. Never be
fore since he linked his fortunes with
those of Peter Lohman at the begin
ning of the present season has the- lazy
twirler shown such quality. His control
was good, something remarkable consid
ering his previous record. In only two
Innings did tha Angels land on him. One
hit was .made each time and neither
counted. The Angels could hit pop flies,
but that was about their limit.
Drinkwater was also In the running
some himself. He allowed eight hits,
none of which counted. Ho practically
lost his own game in the initial round
by throwing the ball way to tha outfield
on an easy chance. After that tha young
man with the temperance namo tu him
self once more and not another Cripple
registered.
Not an Angel footstep imprinted Itself
on the path between home and third
bas« at the Oakland baseball grounds
yesterday, thanka to the elusive offer
ings of the easy going Mr. Lee. Only
one of the Cripples rounded the final turn
of the bases, still one was enough to win.
Score, 1 to 0.
SARATOGA, Aup. 4. — The foUoTring are the
«r.trU-s tor to-morrow's races at Saratoga:
. Fim race, five and a half furlongs, celling.
t*o-year-olds — Extralaw 87. Origin i«4, Mlmon
S». Tommy Rot 02, The Lady Rohesia 103. Th«
Globe S-t, Lor.g SjMir P7, Hoceo 83. Interlude
100. Auf W!ed«>rtehn 92, To San OS, Blackasi
107. Redman 94.
S^ccd reoe. et^ejpiechase, ehort course-
Rowdy- 157. Fox Hunter 150. Ohnet 146, Amur
145. Bounder 140. Caller 135. Manillan 130.
Third race, six furlongs, selling. The Seneca,
three-year-old? — Nevermore 106. The Guards
men 103, Sparkle EfhT $w>. Counterpoise 10S.
T^scta 113. Leader 111. Osgood IKS. Viririn Soil
1W.. Sweet Alice 101. Foxy Kane 105. Cas
talian 106.
Fourth ra"-e. ore and an eighth miles on turf,
handicap — Carbuncle 115, Mackey Dwyer 114.
Fir Voorhiea 112. Duke cf Kendal 112, Betauket
110. Tribes' HIM 105.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-old ailUf — Graceful 104. Fickle 111. Scotch
Pliirf ill. Palette 104, Resentment 10* Rtand
art\l<4. M. Thro 111. Pirouette 111. Cantaloupe
106, JPonapa 104, Stormy H'4. Toi San 104, Low
cut 111.
T^xth race, one mile, selling. three-year-oMs
and ur — Star and Garter 8$, stroller SS, John
Barleycorn 103, GlorioFa -02 Stuy\-e 104. Easy
Etrwt 108. Eva Russell 100.' Locket 104. Earl
of Warwick !»fi. Choate 106. Brn Mot 110.
Weather cloudy; track heavy.
• SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telrgraph.
First race — Munon, Hoceo, Inter
lude.
Second race — Fcx Hunter, Ohnet,
Hoxrdy.
Third race — Toscan, Ocgood, Sweet
Alice.
Fourth race — Sir Voorhies, Tribes
hill, Mackey Dwyer.
Fifth race — Stormy, Firouette,
?cnapa.
, Sixth race — Bon Mot, Gloriosa,
Stuyve.
SARATOGA ENTEIES.
The best field of fiUies seen this year
¦faced the barrier fcr the Alabama stakes,
worth J4000 to the winner. There were
ten etartere with the Whitney pair, Glr
•<!le and Judith Campbell, favorites at 11
to 5. There was some delay before the
¦tart was finally effected, but when it
came it was good. Stamping Ground, at
20 to L was best in the heavy going and
won by three lengths from Gravina. As
tarita wSjs third. Summary:
.• FIRST RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; parse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. s i Fin.
10 to 1— Memories, 1U3 (O'Neill).. 4 3 1 h
3 tu 1— Stalwart, 115 (Burnt) 10 2 2 h
3 to 1— Baseful. 115 (Odoin) 3 13 2
Time, 1:10 2-5. Start rxtcr. Won driving.
Winner. W. C. Lay's br. f. by'Eir Dlxon-Mer
<ln. Delhi 103, Highball 115. Gold Saint 10«.
Arietta 104. Ciscine 113, Rain or Shin* 115.
tascetlc Gold Srink 113, aiso ran.
SECOND RACE— -One mile; celling; three
year-olds and upward.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Et. % Fin.
2 to 1— Rostand. 103 (Fuller) 1118
11 to 10— Trinity Bell. 'lC3 <O-X11). 2 2 2 8
40 to -I— Dicksie. 67 (McCafferty). 8 8 3 1
Time. 1»44 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
¦Winner, Hampton stable's b. c. by Russell-Ga
lena II. Lady Pcter.tate 106 also ran.
x THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
two-year -olds; purse.
•Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin.
12 to 1— Bcbadll, 112 <G. Williams) 3 3 13
7 to 10— Mineola, 109 (Stnebrl3ge) 4 2 2 4
12 to 1— Glad Tiiinss.lOS (Olandt) 2 13 4
Time, 1:30 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. II. M. Ziegler's b. c. by Deceiver-
Bruce. Taz&arlx 112, Artlause 109, also ran.
FOCRTH RACE— One and a sixtenth miles
erf turf; Alabama stake?; three-year-old Cities.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
20 to 1— EtsiplEg Grour.d.116 (Fllr) 7 113
15.to 1 — Gravina lit; (Oochran) 4 3 2 2
".S'to 1— Astarlta, 124 (Hicks) » 2 32
Time. 1:56 3-5. Start fair. Won cleverly.
"Winner. F. R. Doctor's fcr. f. by Lamplighter-
Klsie. Ada Nay 116. Stolen Moments 124. Wild
Thyme 116, Nun 106. Judith Campbell 116,
Girdle 124. Rockinart 1CKJ, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— P'.x fftrloEgs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
SBettir.p. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. Si Fin.
1 to 1— King PeripFr, 103 (Fuller). 11 14
9 to 5 — Yardaxm. 107 <Kice) 4 2 22
4 to 1— Birch Brocm. 103 (Gannon) 3 3 3 6
Time, l:ie 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. F. FarrcTs ch. g. by Kantaka-Gene
vicve. Sweet Billle 106 also ran.
SIXTH RACE— On* mile: three-year-olds;
purse.
Betting. Horse. Weigfct. Jockey. Et. li Fin.
6 to 5 — Gimcrack. 109 (Gar.nnn>.. 1113
6 to .1 — H. Chancellor. If* (O'Nll) 2 2 2 3"
10 to 1— Dramatli-t. 112 (Hoar) 4 3 3 6
Time, 1 :i5 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. R. KMnst'a ch. c. by Ornament-
Jopra. Canajoharle 109 also ran.
SARATOGA, Aug. 4.-NotwithstandIng
the downpour of rain to-day there was
an exceptionally lar^e crowd to watct)
the racing, ¦which, however, was medi
ocre, when the very best Is said for it.
The track was a sea of mud and in race
after race the winner came home splish
ing mud so merrily that those behind him
had no opportunity to eet near to him.
Special DUratch to The Call
Sixth race — Floyd X, Prince
Blazes, Little Elkin.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Chapel, Harfang,
George B. Harrison.
Second race — Mary McCafferty,
Haydon, Pride of Galore.
Third race — Warte Nicht, Sidney
C. Love, Gregor K.
Fourtn race — Moranda, Tatar,
Paulaker.
Fifth race — Buccaneer, Elwood,.
Trompeuse. •
HARLEM SELECTIONS. •
CHICAGO, Aug. 4. — The following are the
entries for to-morrow'e races at Harlem:
First race, five furlongs — Chapel 113, Mayor
David S. Rose 10S. Bill Nolan 108. Harfang
1CS. The Hebrew 108. Royal Arms 108. El
Corteza 10S. Kleinwood 108, Lord French 103,
George R. H&rrlson 97.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Haydon
109, Fake 1CS. Lord Melbourne 100. Mayor
Johnson 106. Sea Lion 105. Alice Dougherty
103. Pride of Galore 103, Erema 102, Oceafl
Dream 100, Lovable 09. Mr. Dingle 99, Flor
estan OS. E\-elyn Bird 97. Mary McCafferty 95,
Wclfram 95. Edith Mac SS.
Third race, one mile and 100 yards— Sardine
105. Sidney C. Love 93, Gregor K 96. Warte
Nlcht 96.
Fourth race, steeplechase, short course, han
dicap — Tatar 150, Anchor 150, Coronatus 144,
Paulaker 140, Moranda 139. John R. Owens
130. Spurs 180, Itaratlara 128.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Father Tallent 103,
Major Pelham 103, St. Paris 103. Floral King
103, Buccaneer 103, Elwood 103, Trompeuse 100
Dorice 100.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Pat Morris'«>v 112. Greenock 107. Foxflyer
102. Marcos 106 100. Prince Blazes
f». Little Elkin :«.t, Galba 96. Pirate 94, Lady
Matchless 82, Zepho 91. Floyd K 83.
Weather cloudy; track heavy:
HAKEEM ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— One mile and 100 yards; eell
ing:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
5 to 1— C.B.Campbcll. 102 (Wilsn) 7 3 14
12 to 1— Larry Wilt. 108 (W.Wldo) S 4 2 6
12 to 1— Lady Matchless. 98 <Bonr) 5 2 3 1
Time. 1 :55. Start good. Won easily. Win
rer. S. C Hlldretb's ch. g. by King Regent-
Gold Bond. Bob Franklin 99. Barrica 104.
Ijou Wood 109, Lady Chariot 90. Major Dlxon
103. Dodie S 104, Myth 110, also ran.
v FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
seUins:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1 — Dorice, 95 (Spencer) 6 4 1 1^4
a to 5— Glisten. 98 (H. Phillips). 5 7 2 2
40 to 1 — Banwell, 10C (Otis) 7 5 3h
Time. 1:13 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. B. Schreiber's br. 1. by Eain- Jennie
McFarland. Henry Lyons 103, Apolltnarls 96,
Pond 103. Bell the Cat 100 Falkland 106, Louis
Kraft 08. Mingore 100. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — One mile and seventy
yard*; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 10— Aladdin, 100 (Helgesen). 1 21 M
2b to 1— Mamselie. 64 (Knapp)... 3 12 8
8 to 6 — Lura Lighter, 96 (Stllle) 4 3 3 5
Time. 1:53. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner, G. C. Bennett & Co.'s b. c. by St. George-
Merrywl8e. Florence H 96, Tom Curl 102,
Slorenda 101, Rossmond OS, also inn.
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles;
handicap:
Betting-. Home. 'Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
3 to 2 — Bondage, 99 (Robbins). . . 1 3 1 h
5 to 2— Bragg. 107 (Helgesen) 2 1 2 2&
13 to 5—1* Appleby 112 (Gray)... 8 2 3 6
Time, 2:01 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. Arthur's b. c. by Halma-Mlss Long
ford. Hermencla 100. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlong*: puree:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Oronte 105 <L». Wilson).. 3 3 13
15 to 1^-Gypz«>iie, US (Helsreeen). . . 5 4 2 ij
3 to 5— Syl. Talbot. 102 fH.Phllps) 2 1 3 n
Time, 1:18 S-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. S. C. Hildreth's br. c. by Ornament-
Judith. Anoke 97, Bardolph 105, Americano
106, Floronlca 97, also ran.
CHICAGO. Aug. 4.— Bondage, backed
from 2 to 1 to 3 to 2. won the handicap
at Harlem to-day. The Arthur colt, how
ever, had to stretch his neck to beat
Bragg a head in a desperate drive, which
lasted the full length of the stretch.
The track was in bad shape and only
two favorites— Bondage and Aladdin
won. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; pur*e:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Eva Clair. 112 (Waterbry) 8 8 11
15 to 1 — J Morel. 109 (Wondcrly) . 4 10 2n'
8 to 1— Codex, 105 (W. Waldo).. 9 8 3 2*4
Time. 1:07 3-5. Start eood. Won easily.
Winner, E. W. Lee * Co.'s ch. f. by Applegate-
Mlnuie Alfonso. Tar>iola 109, Outwal 103, Toot
j-eyMack 115 Away Rt?ht 103. Alamode 10U.
Liberty Bell 112. Ahcora J 103. Gayooa 111,
also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 4.— RaJnland won the
fourth and feature event of the card at
Delmar Park to-day. Forehand, favorite
In tha betting, was second.
The second race developed the^ only
close finish of the afternoon, Eufalla win
ning at the wire, by a- nose from Harry
Griffith, owing to a splendid ride by
Jockey D. Hall. :/C'U V»-
Lasso was mads favorite in the third
race, but there was a plunge on Evea G
that forced the California mare's odds
down a point from 7 to 2. The win
ner unexpectedly turned up ln.MoMe T,
an outsider, at 15 to 1. She went to the
front at flagrfall and increased her lead
throughout the race, wfnning with great
ease. Lasso, in a drive, took, the place
from Hook Sea Oka. Evea G got off well,
but dropped out of the running at once
and was never a factor in the race. She
has lost all semblance of form. Sum
mary:
FIR8T RACE— Five furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 6— Dr. Crtledge. 1C7 {F.Smth) 6 3 11
60 to 1 — Haven Run, 105 (J.Sfceen) 4 .5 2 n
7 to 1— Rhy&Resn, 106 (A.W.Bkr) 2 4 3 2
Time, 1:04. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, J. F. Daniels &• Co.'s b. c. by Wara
day-Dare Vela. Happy Hooligan 103, Foxy
Grandpa 9T. Dusty Miller 108, Sweet Note 03,
Glen Eiher 88, St. Roche 100, Peach Juice 107,
also ran.
SECOND RACE^-Slx furlongs, celling:
Betting. .Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Eufalla. 102 (D. Hall) 3 3 I n
7 to 1— H. Griffith, 97 (GuUett).. 112 1
7 to 2— SM Silver, 111 (A.W.Bker) 4 2 3 2
Time, 1:17. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, Tholl Bros.' br. f. by Troubadour-MUs
DIxon. Mlstie 95, Tagent 110, Carry's Dream
105, Jan* Qravier 102. Dr. Kammerer 105. Sil
ver Fringe 103, Bermuda 05. Hemlock 105, also
ran.
THIRD RACE— One mile and seventy yards,
purse :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
15 to 1— Mollie T. 105 (J.Sheehan). 1118
1 to 1— Laeso, 100 (A. W.Booker). 4 2 2 3
9 to 2— Hook £ea Oka, 30 (McKny) 2 3 3 1^
Time. 1:4014. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, F. Gehrlng"s b. f. by Sablns Lady-Jim
Gore. Evea G 100. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs, purse:
Betting. < Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Ralnland. 105 (J.Sheehan). 5 4 1 l l i
1 to 1— Forehand. 1C9 (Bridwell). 2 3 2 6
20 to 1— Busier, 100 (D. Austin).. « 6 3 V,
Time. 1:16%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Mrs. M. Goldblatfs b. c. by Rainbow-
Fable. Mag Nolin 100, Wreath of Ivy 07, Wen
rick 100. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and three-sixteenth
miles, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
9 to 2— Eliza Dillon. 101 (Higgns) 3 111
20 to 1— Dr. Carrick, 108 < Benson). 1 2 2 IVt
6 to 5— Gin Spray. 106 (A.W.Bkr> 2 3 3 1
Time. 2:05. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. D. Brown & Co.'s blk. f. by Llnsak-
Ella Gore. Kingstelle 99. Mission 1C0. Terra
Incognito 100, Sir Phillip Sidney 108 also ran.
SIXTH RACE— One and* a sixteenth miles,
selling: ,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt- % Fin,
8 to 1— Moris Vclmer. 105 (Hlgns) 2 115
3 to 1 — De Reszke. 107 (Sheehan) 5 3 2 n
10 to 1— Aules, 100 (Troxler) 12 3 1
Time, 1:49. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. E. Bosquil A Co.'s b. h. by Devotee-
Lackawanna. South Breese 99, Una Pries 100,
Menace 110, Carrie Hope 93, Little Lois 97.
False 100 also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
STAXDINQ OB* THE CX.UBSL
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pct.l W. T* Pet.
Los Ange!es.6» 41 .&T Seattle .....43 69 .4-w
San Fran....C« U) .560 Portland ...45 69 .4.,.
£acramento..5i» 63 .627!Oakland 49 72.405
Whitney Entries Go to the
Post Favorites, but Run
Unplaced.
Plunge on Evea Q Fails to
Yield Returns to
Bettors.
Track Is Heavy and Only
Two Favorites Earn
Brackets.
Drinkwater Loses His Own
Game by Making Bad
Throw to Second.
Bragg Gives Bondage a
Warm Argument at
Harlem.
Oakland Twirler Allows
Leaders Only Two
Lone Hits.
Alabama Stakes Won
.".by Stamping Ground,
•an Outsider.
Mollie T Surprises the
Talent at Delmar
Track.
SARATOGA TRACK
IS A SEA OF MUD
TERRIFIC DRIVE
DOWN STRETCH
LONG-PRICED ONE
WINS GALLOPING
ANGELS RETIRED
RUNLESS BY LEE
Champion Goes Three Regulation Rounds With the Cornishman
and in the Opinion of ; Spectators Never Before Showed Such
Speed Either in His Training or in Any of His Ring Battles
JEFFRIES IN A FAST BOUT
WITH BOB FITZSIMMONS
THE SAN TR|1NCISGO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1903.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' 1 7 X. «. Lm« t t /» *• L* ¦^ -^^— •
l* T * | JtJ'ffis«iW^^ MBy^^iBaWMJB^™y^*^^^35BfcfSB^yj^ii#gMa^M(Msj^taM^^^jMs«^J^^^WrtJ^|ij^^ *
In the early days of Blatz brewing the height of beer perfection was
aimed at and achieved. To maintain this standard— to brew that self -same
good beer without variation in flavor or Quality became a fixed Blatz ambi-
w 0 ?:, E Y 6r y detail from selection of hops and barley to th« filling of th«
bottles Is a Blatz science. At Club or Cerf • or Delivered In Bottles to t&«
home.
BLATZ MALT- VI VINE J* Non-Intoxlcant-For Tonic Purposes.
BRAUNSCHWEIGER & CO., Inc.
Fropclsgo. Ttltphent Moln 1646. Wrjoleaqle P«al«r»the octagonal structure known as
the Panorama building into the most spa
cious playhouse in the country. The di
mensions of the interior will be 124 feet
in width and 150 feet in depth, with a
seating capacity of 2S19. The height of
the ceiling above the Etage floor will be
56 feet. The dimensions of the stage will
be £3 feet In width and 63 feet in depth.
The plan of the auditorium from outside
line to proEcenium arch will be that of
& perfect semicircle, permitting of every
Beatholder having a perfect view of the
stage. There will be two galleries to the
THE new Tivoll Theater which is
now being erected. on the south
west corner of Mason and Eddy
streets is the transformation of
REMODELED THEATER AT MASON AND EDDY STREETS. WHICH
WILL. IN NEAR FUTURE BE HOME OF PLAYS IN SONG NOW PRO
DUCED IN OLD STRUCTURE HALF A BLOCK AWAY.
Harry Ives, a' bellboy, was held to an
swer before the Superior Court by Police
Judge Conlan yesterday on a charge of
attempt to commit burglary. He Is charg
ed with trying to break into the room* of
Mrs. Charlotte Wilson, 820 Bush street,
on' July 18. ,
Held for Attempted Burglary.
Nels Johnson and Edward Price, two
well known bunko men, were convicted
by Police Judge Conlan yesterday on a
charge of petty larceny and were each
sentenced to Bervo thirty days In the
County Jail. On July 15 they played the
lock trick on Robert Love, a stranger, at
the ocean beach, and swindled .him out
of $40. i vU-vJ
Bunko Men Convicted.
Captain of Detectives John B. Martin
has filed with the Chief of Police a report
showing the work of his department from
June i, 1902, when he took charge, to
July 1 last. The report speaks for itself.
During that period 1690 arrests were
made, of which 3G0 were for felonies, 794
misdemeanors, 163 fugitives and 373 sus
pects. The disposition of the cases was
as follows: Felonies, 40 acquitted, 185
dismissed, 90 convicted, 45 pending; mis
demeanors, 2S8 dismissed, 317 convicted,
89 pending; suspects, 109 charged, 264 dis
charged on order. Of the 407 convicted,
331 were sent to the County Jail, 59 to
San Quentln and 17 to Folsom.
Complaints numbering 8521 had been
made and acted upon. Estimated value
of property reported lost or stolen, 1121,
5S8 50, and estimated value of property
recovered, $37,613 75. Letters received and
acted upon, 2256, and letters written, 1866.
Circulars received, indexed and filed,
1893; sent out, 2875. Prisoners measured
and , photographed under the Bertlllon
system, 643; received from other depart
ments, 300; eent to other departments,
2S3; total, 1226. Foreign photographs re
ceived, 275; San Quentin, 582; Folsom, 236;
Bertillon, 300; total, 1393; sent out—Bert.l
lon, 283; descriptive, 2898; total, 3181.
Time Since He Assumed
Command.
Captain Martin Files Report for the
"WORK PERFORMED BY THE
DETECTIVE DEPARTMENT
Anna Erickson, who on April 30 last
was severely Injured in a collision be
tween a Larkin-stroct and a Mission
street car, filed a suit for $10,297 damages
against the United Railroads yesterday.
She charges that the collision was the
result, of .carelessness. *.
Says Company Was Careless.
Policeman Joseph Teutenberg was con
victed by Police Judge Conlari yesterday
on a charge of disturbing the peace and
wan ordered to appear for sentence this
morning. The, complaining witness was
Dr. M. H. Schord, a dentist, who used
to have rooms at Teutenberg's residence,
602 McAllister street. ; The trouble arose
over a sign which Dr. Schord put up In
front of the Teutenberg residence that
he had removed to 697 McAllister street.
There is also a charge pending against
Teutenberg on complaint of Dr. Schord
before the Police Commissioners.
Policeman Teutenberg Convicted.
Upon thlB letter the prosecution bases
its case. The Government alleges that
the photographic copy of Lynch's signa
ture sent by Foster in order to verify
the same was received by Dillard, who,
in order to cover up his tracks, replied
that It was genuine. The defense points
to th« fact that if it was an attempt to
conceal anything Dillard would not have
made a press copy of the letter sent
Foster. It is asserted that Dillard would
not have been so foolhardy as to leave
evidence of his crime.
There are thirty-three counts In the In
dictment against the negro. Of this num
ber nineteen have. been presented to the
Jury. An attempt will be made to convict
Dillard. The evidence against him is very
Btrong, but his attorneys, Samuel M.
Shortridge and T. C. West, are hopeful
of an acquittal. Mr. Shortridge will cross
examine Collector Lynch this morning.
Lynch told how Dillard, who was a
deputy collector • in his office, came to
him and begged for a few days off In
order that he might go to Los Angeles
to attend to urgent business. He also
Becured come money in advance and then
disappeared. Lynch swore he never saw
the colored man again until the first day of
the trial. He told how he discovered evi
dence of Dillard's wrongdoing and made
effort to locate him. Lynch swore posi
tively that the letter eent to United
States District Attorney Foster of Texas
in the-Yee Too You case was never writ
ten by himself. He said it was a forgery,
and accused Dillard of uttering it.
Documentary evidence was Introduced
yesterday in the case of William H. DU
lard, the negro Federal employe who Is
on trial before Judge de Haven and Jury
for the alleged forgery of Collector
Lynch's signature and for Issuing fraud
ulent Chinese certificates.
There was a large gathering in Judge
de Haven's court when the case was
taken up in the afternoon. John C.
Lynch, Collector of Internal Revenue for
the First District of California, was again
on the stand and underwent a direct ex
amination at the hands of United States
Attorney Marshall Woodworth.
Signed His Name to Letters
and Certificates.
States on Witness Stand That Negro
COIXECTOR LYNCJH SAYS
DILI/ARD IS A FORGER
George Dynes is eulng Annie B. Dynes
for divorce on the' ground of Infidelity.
He accuses her In a complaint filed yes
terday of transferring her affections to
one William Geary within two months
after their marriage at Houston, Tex., In
October of last year. Suits for divorce
for desertion were filed by Horace W.
Mann* against Carolina Mann, Dora Sie
wert against Harry Slewert and Hugh
Campbell against Katherine Campbell.
Divorces for desertion were granted to
Martha Hansen from Henry A. Hansen,
Estelle Burnham from Jefferson D. Burn
ham and Martha E. Odell from George
W. Odell. &., ':;":
In the Divorce Court.
The main entrance,"* which is now being
erected on the corner of Eddy and Ma
son streets, will be finished in metal and
marble, with staircases outside of the
line of the main building and not interfer
ing at all with the seating capacity. .This
entrance to the building will be con
structed entirely of fireproof material and
rise to a height of three stories. Each
floor will be devoted to the same purpose,
namely, as vestibule and staircase to each
gallery and cafe. The arches on the first
floor, the balconies on the second and
the grand colonnade running up and ex
tending to the third floor, the spacious
plate glass openings which will permit a
full view from the street of the grand
staircases and elevators make of the en
tire scheme of planning something very
satisfactory. The corner building is flank
ed on either side with towers passing up
to a height of 60 feet.
The manager, 'William H. Leahy, has!
exerted himself to the upmost to finish j
the building on September 15. when the
house will be opened with grand opera
by special talent from Italy.
Immediately off the foyer on either side
of the extreme end of the same are to
be found ladles' parlors, and on each end
of the foyer there are also to be found
two extra staircases above the main foy
er floor to upper gallery, with emergency
exits on either side of the main building.
The most commendable feature of the
entire building is the many j exits from
the main floor of the theater to the im
mediate streets, for In addition to the
main entrance on the street corner,
which consists of three archways 12 feet
In width, there are also two other side
entrances, one passing Immediately to
Eddy street and the other to Mason
street, each being 12 feet in width, mak
ing all told the very unusual total exit
width on a lev«»l of the streets without
steps from the auditorium of 60 feet, per
mitting of the instant exit of the people
from the auditorium to the street.
The building: will be completely heated
with hot water and ventilated after the
most approved forced draught system
and no expense is to be spared in mak
ing it safe.
ENTRANCE WILL BE GRAND.
structure in the interior with a top floor
beyond the line of the meater proper
and extending over the present buildings
on the street line, which will be devoted
exclusively to a crand cafe. This will
have access to the upper gallery floor
through arcades from the main audito
rium. This cafe on the outside will be
In full view of the street and it is In
tended to make it one of the moot com
plete cafes In the city. The main fea
ture to be commended in this building is
the fact that the auditorium is absolutely
free from all Incumbrances in the way
of columns on the line of sight.
CONVENIENCES ABOUND.
Plans of the Structure Show That Ample Galleries, the
Absence of Interfering Columns and the Convenience
of a Modern Cafe Will Make the Playhouse a Favorite
NEW TIVOLI THEATER
TO BE LARGE AND SAFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1903.
the cause of the rash act, but It is Bald
that for some time Miss Snow had been
ploomy and that her m'.nd did not appear
'to b'e in normal condition. A curious
thins about the shooting Is that there
were two orifices in the temple, three
fourt^is of an inch apart, when only one
empty .shell remained in the pistol.
Joha Snow, her father, is a, clerk in the
l&Te grocery store of James Stitt, and
when a little before 6 p. m. he went home
for supper, he found his daughter lying
abross her bed with her feet hanging
toward the floor and her head in a pool
cf bloed. She was unconscious but still
fcreathir.pr. The revolver was on the bed
beside ' her. -I>rs. Stout and Dickinson
were summoned, but they said that noth
ing <r>uld -he done to save the girl's life.
At 6:45 p. m. she died.
Miss Snovu was something over thirty
years "of age. Her mother died several
years agro and she was keeping house
ior herself and hrr father. A married sis
tpf, Mre. George Richardson, resides In
T'kiah. Nothing definite is known as to
UKIAH, Aug. 4.— Miss Llzie Bnowof
this city committed suicide this afternoon
at her home by shooUne herself In the
right temple with a email revolver. The
exact time of the Bhootir.? is not known
££ she was alone in the house ami no
one on -the outside heard the report of the
weapon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Father and Priende at a
¦ Iross to Account for
Her Act.
Miss Lizzie Snow of
Ukiah Shoots Her
• self at Homa
MYSTERY COVERS
WOMAN'S SUICIDE
9
iJeadIS'CJ BTJSINE5S COLLEGE OF THE
• ¦P.EST. 24 Pott «.. £an Francisco. Cal.
ErtaWifhed 40 year*. Open entire year.
¦ Write for i:]ustrat»d catalogue (free).V
•. a POLYTECHNIC
jWL Buelnees College and
. fchr.c; cf Er-jrineer-
<25'CiVfV^S . '•!".?. ( 'ak!a.cd, Cal.
Jg^SiT^aBg'npt «fl«iPP«d school of
'j^C-tv \ a C rt5?-3 busln«s« fhorthan 1
'jZ, F LU*j^S *-^*VM I cnl tnrir.Perlnir w?st
*»»•;< S^E'iVlii.^ of Chicago. Perfect
¦yr^f"-«^*5»!5JFJ(3»5ijL, climate, exr^nses low.
. page catalogue.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
(FOR YOUNG LADIES).
Centers Degrees and Grants Diplomas.
Seminary course accredited to the unlversi-
tl*t and >Hd;-.p Eactern eojlegeg; rare oppor-
'ur.ltie* offers'! In ir.uEic, art and elocution.
Thirty-eighth year. Fall term open* August
12. 19C3. Write for catalogue to MRS. C. T.
MILI^. Pr»«.. Mills College P. p.. CaL
| VtN flltYhkbCk b< -£usic OF I
841 FL"LTON 5T., 6an Francisco. Cal.^ 1 ™
Leading Muclcal College cf the Coast.
Lergert echool. thorough course, able teachers.
Write for lt>03 Catalogue.
BELMONT SCHOOL,
FOR BOYS. EELMONT CAL.,
Oper.s for new pupils August 10; for former
pupils August 12. Catalogue and book of views
on afpUcation.
•W. T. KEIP. A. JJ. qiarvard). Head Master.
SACRED HEART EVENING COM-
MERCIAL SCHOOL,
' FACEED EEAET COLLEGE. Edcy and LarkiaSts.
CLASSES CPEN K0ITDA.T. A.VQVBT 3. 1903,
' . at 7:15 *. b.
6AINT MARGARET'S SCHOOL
SAN MATEO.
.Aerretflted to Stanford, reopens August 26 Id
W »¦•»'• '¦''¦'¦' rr on Mcnte I>lablo ave. Modern
Improvements. For further Information or cir-
#ularfe tiiretr (MISS) I. L. TEBBETT8.
• ANDERSON ACADEMY,
• IBVIXGTO.V. CAL.
"A high-grade Military School for a limited
rurr.ber of boys of good character. Next term
.b**rini"AurJ»t 12.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON, Principal.
* HAimLIIV SCHOOL
*. ' A2TS TAB SXSS SEMIHAJBT,
cJM» Jackson et.. 8. Y. TJoariling and day
, fhool for t?.T\*. Accredited by the leading
c vo'.!»Fe» and universities. Bpeclal attention
ictven to mu*le. Iteoi>»>ns August 1ft, 1903.
FA RAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
THE LYCEU/Vl
An accredited preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges, is well
Inown for Its careful and thorough work. Come
ind be with us; we prepare you well: refer-
»nr*s President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
feesor. YhtUm building.
L. H. CRATJ. Ph. D., Principal.
KZSS' TTATyg-irtt ajtd KISS HUGHES'
SCHOOL FOB GIRLS
AT TALO ALTO. CALIFORNIA. Formerly the
TaOEPEK SCHOOL.
Prepare* tbr the Url\-erelti*^ and Colleges.
W>rt and Eart. University lectures open to
ftudent*. ecrnester begins August 25.
Miss West's School for Girls,
2014 VAN NESS AVENCE.
.';'r.« A'jfun 19. Home and day school. Ac-
¦f redlted by leading collpge?. For catalogue ad-
MARY B. WEgT. Principal.
Oitchcock Military Academy,
BAjr S^rAIL, CAi.
f eparale building for Uttle boya. Xmas term
will tierin on Auyuft 17.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL
fUudies wiU I* resumed MONDAY, Augur t 3,
1903. EKO. ZENOXIAN. Preeldent.
ST. JOSEPHS ACADEMY,
PEItALTA PARK, BERKELET.
noardfc** and day rchool for boys under IS years
of age. Studies commence MONDAY. August 3,
]003. for prorp««tus to Bro. Genebran.
COLLECE OP NOTRE DAME.
EAN JOSE. CAL.
Flfty-eecond year. Confers degTees, grants
diplomas. College preparatory accredited. Con-
Fprx'atory course. Intermediate and prlmarjr
d^partmeuts for younger children. Studies re-
fume<f August 4. 3003.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
rOP BOYS, Menlo Park. California. Prepares
for any university or for business. Send for
illustrated catalofru*. HtA G. HOITT. Ph. D.,
Principal. Fall term opens August IL
THE JENNEMORROWLONG COL-
LEGE OF VOICE AND ACTION.
£tfc£e and platform positions guaranteed;
Unpuagec: diplomas. Catalogue. 2152 Butter
tt. Phone Wert 11C9. Heopens September 2.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION,
.PARTINGTONS. 424 PINE BT.
Oldest School in America.
ICew Term logins MONDAY. Aug. 3.
CAY A*!I> EVENING CLASS.
: - ii O CKATT TRAVEL.
- , :'=¦' - ' ¦
vfTw-nriv Steamers leave Sao Fraa-
/ttJ^A claco aa follows:
AriL. _ • XiA For Ketehlkan. Juneau.
I*/ VW^Ssl \"*\ Skagway, etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
I I XlUKA I ) m - August 4. ». 14. 19. 2*.
I \ \ TO ¦get/ A 5». Sept. 3. Change to com-
V*\ \\ yfif P«ny"e steamers At Seattle.
\t^L^oy For Victoria, Vancouver.
>5^tSnJ>^ Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta.
coma, Everett. What com — It
a. m.. August 4. 0. 14. 19. 24. 2i>. Sept. 3.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamera
for Alaska and O. I*. Ry. ; at Seattla for Ta-
cema to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:39
p. m., August 2. 8. 14, 20. 26, Sept. 1; Corona.
1:30 p. m., August B. 11. 17. 23, 29. Sept. 4.
For Los Anceles (via Port Los Arucelea and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa. Barbara-
Santa Rcsa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
Stats of California, Thursdays, 9 a. a.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedrc and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, Sao Simeon, Cayucoa. Pt>rt Karfonl
(San Luia Oblspo), Ventura and Hu«nera«,
Coos - Bay, » a. m., August B. 13. 21, 29.
Sept. 6.
Ramona, 9 a. ra.. August 1. 9, 17. 25, Sept. 2.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Pax, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (M«.), 10 a. m.. 7th ot eacn
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail*
ios dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palac* Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent
10 Market St.. Ban Francisco.
O. R. & TV. CO,
••Columbia" sails Aug. 1. 11. 21. 31. "G«orr»
W. Elder" sails July 27, Aug. 8. «, 23. Onlr
steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
nil line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets Include berth and maala. Steamer sails
foot of Spear st. at U a. m. . C F\ BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept., 1 Montgomery st; C
CLIFFORD. Gen. Act Frt L'spt, 3 Montgom-
ery it
TOYO KISJEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will Ie*v« wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for TOKOIIAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlo«o).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkonr with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board oa day of tailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
.'Wednesday, August 29. 1903
S S HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1903
B. S. NIPPON MARU
Thursday, October 13, 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced.
rates. Cor freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner Flret.
*_ \V. II. AVERT. General Agent.
oceaDies.$xo.sS!:
8. 8. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Aug. a. 2 p. m.
S 8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti Aug. 13. 11 a. m.
8 S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aug. 15, 11 a.ra
USriECKEUi IHS.ra,l8U..!ttstanS«,8u lartrjtt
tHuMIOcLSl! lartatSLPivli. l.PuilfcSL
C0XPA6KIS 6S5EEALE TKAV8ATLA2rTX??l
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE- PARia -^i^
Sailing every Thursday, initead of *AJ8!&
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Piar 43, *SrsVa
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-elass to Havre. $70 and upward. Se<-
end-claas to Havre. $45 and upward. GEM-
EBAL AGENCT FOR UNITED 8TATE3 AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI A CO Paclflo Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue.- San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ttcket Agents.
• Mar* Island " and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISDIE or M0N"HCELLO—
9:45 » m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday
Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallaj-j.
7 a. ra., 12:30 noon. <5 p. m., ex. Sunday. Lun.
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far*. SO cants. TeL
Main 1608. Pier 2, UUslon-st dock, HATCH
BROS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
in i'»"' r~-riTWii !¦¦¦ tTf- i •&$*
VEERS
The Highest Priced but
the Best Quality.
| 66LD tVEi\YWHER2.
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents.
jgjSBB^. t Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMOX BISHOP'S PILL3
/r&S-»..&£& / have been In use over fifty
fgRT«PS3a years by the leaders of tht
K»!?A.SCCv^! Mormon Church and their
Bffii$ftytf*&a lowe «- Positively cure th»
WiiiiFi'VVtS worst cases in old and youn?
H£ xiA v ***9 arising from effects of self-
Xt Sfi&ilu\(!& **>\ise. dissipation, excesses or
clsarette emoklng. Cur« I>jst
' aKlBf Manhood. Irqpotency, lK, s t
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Faina In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Bade.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. L«sa of Semen. £S f~\ Varicocel* or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner %Jf vous Twttehln* ot
Eyelids. EtCectn are r - f3 . n , T «lmmedlato. Impart
vigor and potency Wls "^" to every function.
Don't set despondent, a cure Is at band. Ra-
store imall. undeveloped organs. Stlmulats
the brain and nerv* centers; SOe a box; I {of
$2 60 by mail. A written guarantee to cur* or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars fre*.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
Ban Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. M
and 40 Third st. '
»£gij|p&B&Rupture
S HRJSM«as2>£tf8<«ii9 Dr.Pierco'i EUetrie T**sx
MMW^ggf^S^Eil^ 11 * Marrel. Nothing Ilka
H^^Saap&SS* 1^ it. Best Rotalner on earth
Wy^/ijfclv> and a fjgnuine Cure for Rupture.
p X «C\ World renowned. 271mproTemta>
¥ A9\ \ If ruptured Investigate at once.
» c*n or write ior "Booslkt No. 1."
(MAGNETIC C. TRUSS CO., 33 Wert tl\bl Street, Kiw
Ycax. N. Y. or 206 Poet Street, San Franciwo, Oal
UDTTOXJ17C r O R BARBERS, BA-
bKUbHhb KSiJ«»,^
brewers, bookbinder*, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper*
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers.- tanners, tailors, eta.
aUCHASAH BEOS,
Szub Maaulactuxera, 609 Sacramento St.
sf% S B fl ff% Bedi - C%alrs> Storea. eta
I fl! Hfii I D Tents for rent and for sals.
I ll Iff 1 Off Guns. Rlflea. Flshlns Tackl*
1 I fill If ¦¦ » nd Sportlnc Ooods. S«od
Urllvll f0T Catalogue. Shrsv* *
¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ Barber Co.. T39 Market ft.
and 621 Kearny st.
DIEEGTORY
/OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
rBSSS AJT2> SAZiT MEATS.
Jl^ RnVP<J *• C(\' SnlPPtoa* Butchers. 104
JA3. DUIC3 d Vv, Clay. Tel. Main 1204.
____
LUBRICATINO OILS. LEONARD A ELLI3,
418 Front st. 8. F. Phone Main 1719.
' SZUHTXKQ.
L C HUGHES, en sorwoSJ^t!; s. f.
ordeal through which the ex-
fSkI 49 &@ > E9HIl^*fla P^tant mother must pass usually is
l^lfiiiiilflii fl so u^ °^ s 11^^ 11^! danger and fear
1 %»? tnat she looks forward to the critical
hour with, apjprehensioii and dread.
Mother's Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the -
ordeal that she passes through H M /f> fS" &15. /T& f§^» 9 AT^
the event safely and with but [WIbBSISh S
little suffering, as numbers If HhfwHB^wM %$
have testified and said, "it is
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per KB^§^gft4S
bottle of druggists. Book containing || H B fi i i a
valuable information mailed free. H ffl M^^IIimhM
THE BRADFIELD REGULATOR CO.. Atlanta. Ga.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Simple Remedy
SkinTronit/e
¦ Bathe the affected part with ¦
I Hclskell's Soap, dry with a soft H
M towel, and with the flng-er apply H
I Heiskell'« Ointment. One applica.- H
1 tlon a day. tor a short while, usu- Eg
n ally cures — never required mote M
ll than twice a day — for a complete H
j cure of Pimples. Blotches on Face, ¦
a Barber's ItcK Tetter. Erysipelas. H
¦ Salt Rhpum. Scald Head. Ring- ¦
j worm. Itch. Ulcers, Burns, Scalds, H
I Ulcers in Elar, Sore Nose and Eye- S
j lids, Itching Piles, and any erup- Eg
1 tlon of the skin. KeiikelTi Oint* H
1 znent cures where all alteratives, H
I sarsaparillas, iodides and mercu- R
I rial medicines fall. It is very M
1 soothing and cooling, making the Rj
I skin beautifully fair and smooth. H
H Here mrnendbd and used by physicians H
W for Mty years. At druggists', 50 cents. H
[1 Berd tor book of testimonials. H|
|l JOHPTSTOIT, HOLLOWAT to CO., H
15 531 Commerce St., Philadelphia. JS
AND VALISES AT
MANUFACTURER'S PRICES
J. MARTY, 22 TURK ST.
Factory b26 Howard St.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
OF ANATOMY^
A gB lCEHCA»XgTST.t»t.6tairth,S.r.C>l. i
\ C The L»r?«t Anatomical Muirnm in thr \
m _«• >^ World. WcakatsMt or «ajr contracted Q
~ JSffl "iiiene |»o«ltl»el7c«r»4bjrtheoldeM T i
Q IK i3 I s> P ec:i; ' it oa tSle Coi*t t»L j6 ye»rt. Q
A IW* I OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ |$%3H Coniultanoo free «nd ttrictly prirate. \
6 I Sm^L a Treatment personally or by Irtter. A ff
' T 9 W K rmittr* Cure in e»ery case uodenalt en. T
A r It II A w rlte for Bo«k. riULailOPHT «r A
" * n II' BABBUCK, MAILED FXEE. ( A f
A fl t|. »»Ioable book for of*) \
¥ I»B. JOKDAS A CO.. 1051 Market Ht..S. P. 9
*^B^-^^^s^^-'^^»ssV irJ^^iV^ 1^^aW*^^»W -^^t»V*^^l^sV^^^^*^C^^*^^^''^^k Q
J^f\ Those suffering: from weak-
V** nesses which sap the pleasures
B ¦ ¦ of life should take Juven Pills.
isi One bottle will tell a story of
raarrelons results. This medicine has more
rejuvenating:, vitalizing force 'than has ever
been offered^ Sent bv mall in plain package
onlr on receipt of this adv. and fl..
Made bv its originators C. L Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's Sarsaparilla. LoweiL Mass.
1A/. X. HESS,
KOTARY PUBLIO AND ATTORNET-AT-LXW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus 8preckel» bids.
Telephone Main 0S3.
Residence.' S21 California »t., below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501. - . ¦ -:
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD CSK DAMIANA BITTERS.- THH
Great Mexican Remedr; elves health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 823 Market.
THE EMPORIUM:. I THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. I - THE EMPORIUM.
g. — ****** -^^-- —^ " ' ' ¦ — — 13
| .'•'.- Gm A. Rm Flags, Jv r • Tinted Pillow Tops \
I Pictures, Decorations ±Jw£ wMfrWrflllfff 35c Kind f9c *
£ YOU Will find a COmnlete stock *&* * +^^**MvV%S*3>MM£ s=tt . To-day and Thursday, your choice of 1000
$ I OU Will UJlUd complete StOCK - r -•—- M „, **=" vcry pret ty timed Soft CusWon Tops and $
* Of G A. R. Flags Pictures, Bunt" - - grandest STORE Back,, in charming floral effect, .nd conven- J
g, ing, etc in the flag Department, Spedal SaU Goods ordered h maU donti da«n>; worth from 35 c to fg j
| Second flOOr, all moderately priced. or telephone will not be sent C O. D. 50c each— for.;. .¦¦.. ... *9%0 «
JsV ¦sVB^BVi^B^sisaBVsHs^B^BHB^HsiBaBHnHsBVMsVB^BBlH^^Bn^HB^HIMs^MB^^Bs^B^S^HsVBBlBaMBl *^
I Sheeting, Pillow Cases, White Goods, Etc. |
| Selling to-day at the present cost of production %
I If these goods had not been contracted for months ago it would be impossible to sell them at to-day's %
\ prices,^ which are little if any more than the present cost of the raw materials. s x
I Bleached Sheeting— For double beds (81 inches wide), White Cambric— Full yard wide, good grade, perfect 5
I undressed, ¦.round. 'thread; instead of ±0*1/ finish, will make up. well for skirts, un- %
I 23 l / 2 c the yard, to-day, Wednesday, W Sniytj&S derwear, etc.; to-day, yard &MSS %
§ Bed Sheets— For 3/. bedi, 63 inches wide, bleich-y» u^L India Linons —The hit ewe of a ipecial purchase, Dotted Swiss — Small and medium dots, 41%*% x
* -«l,sh«Ty make; for t:-day only -each . . *#'«7Cf very fine and sheer, fuUy JO inches ¦ fully 28 in. wide, i» pfecet only-pcr yard . . »%9l* %
U Pillow Cases— The good bleached kind; cut full size and well wide— vard ' M mmi'-*%0 _. . , rp, , ,, ij.uij j • t« '2
» made— " - » wjae— jara. . p mc Organdy — The donb:e width kinds, in white, X
¦$ 45x36 in., I2^c ca. 50x36 ln., ! 14c. ca. White Chtnon—The real wash Paris OtSg% *7 b ' u f» pink, black, aaiw, nib and red, Ol?^ $
tf '. 54x36 In., 15c each make, 48 in. wide, at fine at orpndy-yard. . the «ual 5 O€ quaLty-per yard.. . v^.. O€sft*» X
I Misses' Wrist Bags New Suits, $25*00 Misse8 ' ana children's |
S 65c Kind for 29c |P|^3i Worth $30.00 Wash DrGSSGS 5
J- Had to buy nearly a thousand of these to secure ' 'ig^S*" S SWell neW Fall /J.Qq Qffl SmfmOO *
K the price. They are beauties. Made of good liV Suit, made Of the prettiest ' , , e ¦¦¦: \ . r , '?
g leathers, with gun metal frames, chain handle, )*$ imaginable Scotch mix- ° *"* ? 8t ° C ' * 1Z " fOf 6 W H '?
K an inside pocket, irioire silk lining; a good value ' 'Jy\. tUreS in tan blue and y cUi> on '^ e tI " 8 wcc^ to-^o^ them out at 'x
| 65c bag; toMy .nd Thursday only g^Q ' ifB^ gray ' effects, ' embracing 4OC » «» ««ll»r of origind price.. |
£ '••¦•' ¦' ¦¦••¦ ..¦-.- MT Jfi every new feature of the $3.75 Dresses, $1.50 $3.25 Dresses, $1.30 j
g Salts and Peppers Wjjt very^lte U s^ ™ — $500 Drcsses> $200 1
if • Last Chance To-Day I&n\ gore flare, v/alking BoyS* OverCOatS 5
J, Genuine Cut Glass (fancy cutting) Salts and Pep- W \\ length and Unlined, *£>.** JM P* *
%* pers, with good weight stcr.ine si.ver ****% il \\ \ j oa • u u 1 t^'^ 9! \ V&k*. J5TM Ml %
% top.) p=r pair . . -. . ;-. .... 78c f \j> and 34-inch collarless &*£> HWd& a^g$ 5
*' Fancy Prsssed Glass Salts and Pepped, with heavy JgCfk^ Tm\W\\\ blOUSe frOCK COat' r the \ + J r, „» D ~ f\ - «
f sterling silver tops, per E ar ....:... . *B'3G -|| %\\\ entire .uit neatly .trapped and ##^ DOyS KUSSian Over- %
X '• : — . Mi \\%; %\ P 5 P cd J a ful1 S3o-oq /f# ' ]{\ coats in dressy gray 5
5 50c Masterpieces, 2Oc Jj \\\ \\ value, here for mi 9 . 1\\ ox fords and blue 5
i A thousand copies oHittle Masterpieces edited by §/ I \% V\ $25*00 ?'$%<> . (<V CheviotS, CUt full and "j
* Bliss Perry, daintily bound in cloth, with fine 'Jf/'/' \\ V mitnir „„, Fall \fl t belted backs, 5
fc* portrait of each author; published at *%4*t \L 11 \ J Similar new Fall Nfj o olWl ,°' Ir^na^m «r« *
I Yoc each; special here.. ,.2OO \ ' Suits, without the U \\ velvet Collars, i em- J
J^ The works of the;e n authors are represented in this series: triple shoulder Capes, $20- OO. M \ \ Diem Oil _ SleCVeS, 3, j«
% . Ruskin, Lincoln, Poc, Lamb, Hawthorne, Cirly'e, Frank- */««, Dmc* <ZlcIrt<Z— Made of fine _. t ' gOOd$3.50 VaiUeand X
K lyn, Macaulay, Irving, Webster, De Quincey and Thackeray. V 61^ rf. OSS *'l trtS , J * c " W¥$T 5 VPrv QnPf ifll hifCTlin 2
5 ' • ¦ quality back Voile, with bait yoke effect of taffeta ifi lii Very Special Dargam x
V .«« • mm band and faggotty Jttchiug, and 7 rows of graduating tucks; jjM W, f Or mOtherS at the big 5
I Groceries, Lfftguers m t s^.^^\ 5J^^ h^.$t2mBO .. Jp% store's iow^^ * 5
g To-Day and Thursday Choke 'collection of other new Fail Dress skirts, Price 5
K Emporium Best Family Flour— Per sack ... . $t a Q3 in Voile, Etamines, Canvas Cloth and Broadcloth, 5
% Firkin Creamery Butter— By the pound 26o at $10.00, $12.50, $15.00. MfbBffff*W jlkfYBtH'Bif*^ '«
X Cudahy's Soap- Ox Gall Floating, for bith or flannels, 7 ¦ * «***«^» mm%0ml***9 ]i
I sL'SSf-xi-ii 3 \im :. : : %%% Safe Back Combs ** "oep Out Prices |
5 SS^v F rcX s S 4 v^ U"^sfS° o other Vaiues '" Not "" ts : : •. I ¦; : •. :*&% $
JJ Small White Beans— Be:t qua'jty, 13 lbs BOo A large lot of the new combination back combs and 15c size Pray'i Diamond NaU Enamel ...... .15c J
5 Carolina Rice Flakes— Makes delicious pudding* or dessert, a hair retainers, made of fine shell and highly pol- a 5 c ri " Pra ) r ' s EnJ=7 Board \\ .-. 15o x
tt pickaees 2t&r > \. 1 1. vu il u a S c S ' 2S Pray*» Cosmetic Rotaline ISO X
§ Ye5ow,foneWhi,key-Either Rye or Bourbon,' ttJvJSj UheA ' * C± . "'^ thC J^ 7 l0Cb '. f*™ 5i.oo rze imberf, Listerbe G SO -J
J£ $UO5 regularly under 25c each; on special *£*-+ 15c size "47 n" White Rose Glycerine Soap, * for. . 2SO jj
jf Silverdell Whiskey, or Nelson County— Hand-made Rye or . sale in Notion Department to-day, . . IWlr 25c size Lambert's Antiseptic Skin Soap, 5 for . . . 4OO 8
it Bourbon, bottle \. . 7BO F»ncy Frilled Elastic, a'l colors, yard . .JOO fi-eo s'ue. Ed. Knaud's Eau de Quinine 65o £
J£ Old Globe Whiskey— Spring of 1900, full proof, gallon, Self Heatng Curling Irons, great convenience . . . . 25O $1.00 size Newbro'i Herpicidc. ........ .75© 2
5 ....... .V.V-+. $2.QS Omo Dress ShVJs,. satisfactory kind, pair 2SC a S c »« e Van Buskirk't Sozodont". .. . . . . . ; . 15o X
K Port, Sherry or Angelica— 3 choice sweet winei that have Cor.et Steel?, black, white a-.d drab, pair Be *5 C size Mennen's Talcum Powder, »for . ... . . 25c X
Jf age and body, galion . . ". . . . SOo Shell and Amber Hair Pins, a good quality, down . . . 1Oo 2 5 C «« Colgate's Talcum Powder tBo 'J
ft But Geneva Gin— Imported, large square bottles . . . SSO Auorted White Tape, 3 different widths, bunch ..... Qo a 5 c *' ize Colgate's Tosth Powder*. fSo x
5 Wm. Williams' Old Highland Scotch— For highballs, etc., Shell and Amber Side Combs, good quality, pair .. . . 2So S 5 C «« e Pa»ker*« Tar Soap .- fSo X
J^ bottle. 8 SO Cabinet H»>r Pins, »»»orted sket, each Qo f 5 c • 3 « Munyon's Witch Haxel Soajb-^. .... . tOo •*The Camera Club's next monthly exhi
bition will be held at the Alhambra Thea
ater. on Friday evening, August 21, when
"W. S. Stevenson will deliver a lecture on
"Picturesque and Historical France."
Photogrraphers from all parts of the
world are submitting pictures for the
third San Francisco photographic salon,
to be held during the month of October.
The salon will be under the manage-*
ment of a committee from the California
¦Camera Club and the San Francisco Art
Association, consisting of A. 1». Coombs,
chairman; "W. E. Palmer, W. J. Street, R.
H. Fletcher, J. "W. Erwln, E. G. Eisen,
1», P. Latlmer and Charles A. Coe. secre
tary; while the Jury of selection consists
of Arnold Genthe, F. E. Monteverde,
It does not take much to maka ths
House of. Commons laugh. The feeblest
Joke or the most trivial slip of the tongue
will suffice to send out legislators Into
fits of hilarity. For instance, the other
night Lord Stanley made a slight mix-up
in his D'.urals and referred to those use
ful animals, ,oxen, as "oxes." The mis
take evoked' much "loud laughter."—Pear
son's "Weekly.
Machinist Loses Sis ringer.
J. S. Horan, a machinist residing at 113
Sixth street, while at work on a build
ing on Shotwell street, had one of his fin
gers badly crushed. He was taken to tha
Emergency Hospital, where I>r. Armls
tead amputated the injured member.
Chamley's License Revoked.
The regular meeting of the State Board
of Medical Examiners was held yesterday
at the office of the secretary In the Par
rott building and the following officers
were' elected: Dudley Tate, 21. D., presi
dent: I* A. Perce. M. D.. vice president;
C. L. Tlsdale, M. D.. treasurer- George G.
Gere. M. I>., secretary, and William M.
Magulre and "William C. Tait, attorneys.
On the complaint of J. M. Nevln the cer
tificate of S. R. Chamley, 25 Third street.
was revoked for unprofessional conduct.
Newton J. Tbarpe. Henry TV. Seawell and
John M. Gamble.
Photographers desirous of submitting
their work to the third .San Francisco
photographic salon should address tha
secretary of the executive committee.
S19 Market street.
The bulk of the cranberries of this
country come from the part of Eastern
Massachusetts which lies near Cape Cod.
. BERKELEY, Aug. 4.— The Berkeley
committee for the reception of the G. A.
R. on Alameda County .. day met last
night and organized by electing; Thomas
Rlckard chairman and A. E. Shaw tem
porary , secretary. The committee decided
to turn over the programme arrangements
to the veterans of Berkeley and to assist
the entertainment fund by gathering sub
scriptions. • The i finance committee will
consist of the entire local committee. -
Plan to Receive Veterans.
Irishman's Ground for Suit.
Samuel Davis, court stenographer of the
Second Circuit, says that an Irishman
who, several years ago, tried to engage
the legal services of his father, had the
oddest ground for a lawsuit he has ever
heard of. The Irishman' wanted, to sue
his landlady for $15. He explained- that
he made a contract to pay her $3 a week
for board, but she was to deduct 25 cents
for every meal he missed. Having got
the contract duly signed, Pat began to
board elsewhere and charged the landlady
with whom he had contracted 25 cents for
every meal he missed. He figured that by
managing this way he missed $5 25 worth
of meals each week, for which his con
tract required him ; to pay only $3, , so
that, by staying away he made $2 25 clear.
The landlady refused to pay him his
"profits," and he wanted Mr. Davis to
bring suit against her- for him. "Father
laughed at him a bit," Mr. Davis says,
"and he got Indignant 'A conthract Is a
conthract,' said Pat. 'and she ought to bo
made to live up to her'n as well as me to
mine/ There were several other lawyers
in town, and some of them were pretty
hard up for cases, but. I don't know of
anybody that took that' one . after father
turned It down."— Kansas City Journal.
OTTAWA, Ont., Aug. 4. — In Parliament to
day a resolution was adopted extending: the
bounties on iron and steel and granting boun
ties on structural and steel plates - and wire
rods.
ade, G. A. R,,.wlll meet at 2:15 p. m. to
morrow at the headquarters of Corinth
Post, Marysvllle, to elect a brigade com
mander, who will take charge of the
brigade while en route to San Francisco
and return, secure proper place In the
column, and assume command during the
parade; to appoint a reception committee,
select a badge to be worn during the en
campment, and to transact all business
appertaining to the encampment and the
exhibit of the Sacramento valley counties
and adjacent ones. Reports thus far re
ceived justify the prediction that the ex
hibit of the Sacramento Veteran Brigade
at the Lick House dining-room, will be
one of the most successful ever held In
this city or State. Tons of fruit, barrels
of wine and mineral water have been
promised and carloads. of flowers will be
sent every day for free distribution among
the Eastern visitors.
ARCH WILL BE ' BUILT.
The following letter was sent yesterday
to the Q. A. R. committee by the Board
of Public Works, outlining the conditions
under which work on the memorial' arch
will be allowed to proceed: •
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 4. 1903.
To" the Executive Committee of th© Thirty
seventh National Encampment of the Q. A. R—
Sirs: Under resolution Ko. 3S03, approved
July S. 1003. the executive committee of the
thirty-seventh national encampment of the G.'
A. R. is granted permission to erect poles and
structures upon the public streets for the deco
ration, .Illumination and parade, etc.
Said \commlttee ' having, submitted general
plans and specifications for an arch supported
by cables attached to adjacent buildings, said
plans are hereby approved upon the following
conditions: That, first, the platform be se
curely supported by posts, so as to relieve the
cables; second. -that all vehicle traffic be di
verted ¦ from Market : street - adjacent . to . the
structure during its erection; third, that cars
pass at not more- than one mile ( per hour:
fourth, that Mr. O. R.-- Morris. Constructing
Engineer Joshua Hendy and the Union Iron
Works be put in charge of all details, said
committee getting from the proper sources the
necessary authority-, to carry . out the above
conditions and to direct, through Mr. Morris,
that all necessary precautions be taken to pro
tect ' life and property. .- during the erection,
maintenance and removal" of the. arch and
appurtenances. ¦ Respectfully,
BOARD OF PUBLIC "WORKS.
By N. JARTAL.L, Secretary.
The first tourists from the Eaet taking
advantage of the G. A. R. rates reached
the city last night and there is no doubt
that large numbers will arrive dally from
now until the expiration of the tourist
concession. Active plans are under way
to give the visitors a hearty reception
when the delegations are all in.
The reception committee of the thirty
seventh national encampment, Grand
Army of the Republic, Major General W.
R. Shafter chairman, met at headquarters
In the Grand Hotel last evening. The at
tendance of army comrades and other
representative citizens was large. The
chairman announced that it would be the
pleasure and duty of the committee to ex
tend a cordial welcome on behalf of San
Francisco to the incoming veterans, and
suggested that as many members of the
committee as could get - time to go out
on the railroad and meet the Incoming
trains should report for duty at the head
quarters of the reception committee.
The rooms in the Palace Hotel formerly
used by the Republican State Committee
have been assigned to the reception com
mittee. ; .
Many of the members present at the
meeting designated days on which their
Eervlces would be at the disposal of the
chairman. Among those that enlisted for
the campaign were:
Major General Dickinson, Major General
Turnbull. Jud?« A. J. Buckles, W. C. Van
Fleet. Charles Edelman. N. J. Brlttan, Elmore
C. Lefflngwell, George W. strohl, Jesse- B
Fuller, Dr. Voorsanger, A. W. Barrett, W. H.
A Triumph for the Motor Car.
The first trip across the American con
tinent In an automobile has be«n made
and the result is a signal triumph for this
comparatively new means of travel. It
would test the powers of endurance of a
railway express locomotive to run an av
erage of twelve hours every day for two
full months, * but this is the feat per
formed by the automobile which carried
Dr. H. Nelson Jackson and 'his chauffeur
from San Francisco to New York.
That the Journey was made without se
rious mishap or accident, and that the
vehicle showed little signs of .wear and
tear at the end of the trip, speaks highly
for the quality of - the machinery and
workmanship. In crossing Northern Cali
fornia, Oregon, Idaho, Wyoming, Nebras
ka, Iowa, Illinois and Indiana some of
the worst highways in 'the United States
must have been traversed, roads that
would not be wholly compensated for by
those of Pennsylvania • and . New York,
which; fortunately for the travelers, gave
pleasure to the last stage of the remark
able Journey.
As a- rule Dr. Jackson ran his ma
chine twelve hours" a day. Sometimes
the journey was continued at night, and
there were davs - when the .wheels were
kept going from 6 in the morning' until
midnight. This was 'an unusual strain
even for the best of roads, and none but
a good mechanical equipment could have
stood it. • '
This Journey was made purely. for pleas
ure and to satisfy an enthusiastic motor
ist that It could be accomplished. But It
*ias demonstrated much more than this
It has shown the possibilities of the au
tomobile even with the generally disrep
utable highways which are characteristic
of nearly every rural district in: the coun
try. But when rood roads shall be the
rule instead of the exception.. in every
State It may be predicted with confidence
that such Journeys as that made by Dr.
Jackson will be far from extraordinary.
And while the entire trip across the con
tinent will not often be made with one
machine., it is entirely within the proba
bilities that before a great -while sturdy
touring 'motor cars will be at-the disposal
of travelers for successive stages of the
entire distance.
H. M. William*, chief steward of the
big steamship Algoa, now lying. in the
bay. is missing and a bride of four days
is vainly seeking to learn his where
abouts. Williams was married last Fri
day to a Miss Schoeder, who lives with
her sister, Mrs. Canlni, at 1812 Geary
street. Saturday afternoon he told her
he would have to report aboard ship again
and left her. She has not seen him $lnc«
and he has not been aboard the Algoa.
Captain Albert Lockett of the Algoa
was called upon yesterday by B. H. Vee
der, a sailor's outfitter on the front.
Veeder had a note for $30 given him by
Williams and purporting to bear the In
dorsement of the captain. .
Veeder sajd Williams had asked for a
loan of $50 on his note and Veeder said
the paper would have to bear a good in
dorsement Williams said he would get
his skipper to affix his name. He went
away and when he came back the note
bore what purported to be I»ckett's "sig
nature. The name had been written with
an indelible pencil.
Captain Lockett told Veederthat he had
not indorsed the note, but that he would
stand good for the' amount, vs Williams
was all right. He rubbed out the pencil
signature and wrote his own In Its place.
Veeder went away satisfied.
Mrs. Williams has visited the front ev
ery day since her newly made husband's
disappearance, looking for him. Captain
Loekett fears something serious may have
befallen Williams.
Other friends of tha missing steward
express the belief that he Is on a spree
and will come back again soon if such Is
the case. Others say he never drinks to
excess.
When seen at her home last evening
the bride did not show any traces of anx
iety or Buffering. She Is rather a striking
looking woman of the blonde type.
"I hav© little to Bay." was her reply to
questions. "This matter haa all been
fixed up and I do not wish to have It ap
pear in the papers.
"No, my husband has not been home
since, nor do I know where he is. I know
that he will come back to me.. He must
be away on business, otherwise he would
not have been gone so long. I have noth
ing more to cay, for I dread notoriety."
After One Day of Wedded
Bliss He Disappears
From Her View.
Governor Pardee and Mayor
Schmitz Will Wel
come Quests.
WELX-KNOWN MERCHANT
IS CALLED BY DEATH
Henry Cowell Succumbs to the Ef-
fects of a Wound in the
Shoulder.
Henry Cowell, for many years a promi
nent merchant In this city, passed quietly
away at an early hour yesterday morning
at his late residence," 413 Hyde street.
The cause of death Is said to have been a
bullet wound received in the southern
part of the State several months ago.
At that time Mr. Cowell had been visit
ing his ranch in Merced County. He had
some trouble with a man named Ingolds
by over land. The latter shot Cowell
with a revolver, the bullet taking effect
in the shoulder.
The Injured man apparently recovered
from the effects of the wound, but lately
it had bothered him and is said to have
completely wrecked his nervous system.
He was taken ill several days ago and
became worse till he passed away yester
day morning. No arrangements have as
yet been made for the funeral.
Wharff. J. Murray Bailey, B. W. Woodward.
Henry C. Dibble, Charles Boxton, T. A. Good
man, Dr. W. F. McN'utt and many others.
Major Eoxton announced that young
veterans of the Spanish-American War
would report in uniform for assignment
to such reception duty as General Shatter
should indicate.
WHEN BUSH WILL BEGIN.
It Is expected that the great rush of In
ccming visitors will begin early Saturday
morning-, August 15, and continue until
Monday night, August 17. It Is probable
that several special trains will arrive Fri
day evening, August 14.
Eastern tourists that are availing them
selves of the privileges of the G. A. R.
reduced rate have already arrived in the
city. Two carloads came In last night.
The sale of tickets began east of the Mis
souri River on August L
j There will be a general round-up of the
reception committee at the Palace Hotel
on Thursday evening, August IX A com
mittee was appointed last night to ar
range a programme for the formal public
welcome at the Pavilion on Tuesday even-
Ing, • August 18. On that occasion Gover
nor Pardee will speak for the State and
Mayor Schmltz will voice the sentiments
of San Francisco. On behalf of the Grand
Army of the Republic the eloquent
Thomas J. Stewart of Pennsylvania, Com
mander-ln-Chief, will respond. The
Woman's Relief Corps, Mrs. Lodusky J.
Taylor, Lesueur, Minn., national presi
dent, has Issued beautifully engraved In
vitations to a reception in honor of the
oommantler-in-ehief and his official staff
at Golden Gate Hall, Wednesday evening,
August 19.
CONTRIBUTIONS GROW.
The following additional contributions
to the Grand Army entertainment fund
were .reported at headquarters yesterday:
Amount heretofore reported, $10,048 25:
American Type Foundries Company. $20; Ster
ling Furniture Company, $20; Bancroft. Whit
ney & Co.. $10; Walter N. Brunt. $10; Mor
aghan's, $10; Geary-street Railroad Company,
$100; California Wine Association, $100; Brit
ish North American Bank. $50; C. W. Belnhaw.
$20; Cordes Furniture Company, $20; W. J.
Little Company, $10; W. & J. Sloane & Co..
$25; Palm Restaurant. $20; Union Pulp and
Paper Company, $ 10; White Bros., $10;
Schwartz & Beth, $20: George H. Tay_ & Co.,
$25; Joseph Schweitzer & Co., $10; Whlttier,
Coburn & Co., $20; Landers' Shoe Store, $10:
John O. Hi & Co., $20; La Zacualpa Rubber
Plantation Co. $10: S. J. Solomon, $5; Charles
A. Slack. $5: 'St. T. H. Wohrden, $5: Rolph.
Hind & Co.. $20: Le Baron H. Smith. $5: Smith.
Rice & Co., $5; Selie & Marcum, $5; total,
$19,648 25. ;;f : :
The press committee has secured the
same rooms for headquarters which it
occupied for that purpose in 1886. It Is an
elegant suite of rooms on the first floor
of the Grand Hotel, facing Market and
New Montgomery streets, and within a
few steps of the Grand Army headquar
ters. The rooms will be furnished and
ornamented and formally opened "for the
reception and entertainment of visitors on
Monday morning, August' 17. though on
Saturday evening, August 15, there will
fee an Inspection of the rooms by local
Journalists and a few of the local talent,
including the Press Club Quartet. Newell
E. Vlnson, Alma Berglund,' Millie Flynn,
Ella V. McCloskey, Jean Durrell. Julia
Rapier Tharp, Judge Melvin. J. C. Wil
son, William Hopkins, H. J. Stewart,
Donald de V. ' Graham and a few other
favorites of the press: t *
The principal reception during the week
that will' be held under the auspices of
the press committee will be at the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art, on Thursday af
ternoon, August 20. The, ladies' auxiliary,
committee consists of the following ladies:
Mrs. C. Mason. Kinne. Mrs. Samuel W.
Backus, Mrs. Hugh M. Burke. The spe
cial committee for the reception at the
Mark Hopkins Institute will be announced
as soon as the list is completed. The ex
ecutive committee Is in attendance at the
Grand Army headquarters, room 1, Grand
Hotel, every day from 2 p. m., ready to
furnish all Information concerning th© re
ception to be tendered the visiting rep
resentatives of the press during the en
campment The executive committee, is
composed of Hugh M. Burke, Elmore C.
Lefflngwell, -Charles L. Pierce; - Louis
Levy, secretary.
The Sacramento Valley Veterans Brlgr-
General Shafter's Plans
Look to Elaborate i
Reception.
H. M. Williams of the
Algoa Sought by
His Wife.
TOURIST RATES
BRING VISITORS
commodate a large number of passen
gers. There will be comfortable quarters
for enlisted men and their families and
a commodious freight hold forward. She
will be provided with a cargo winch on
deck.
Her length over all will be 180 feeC,
beam 27 feet," depth amidships 12.10 feet
and draught loaded 9 feet 6 Inches. She
will be equipped with two single end
Scotch boilers, 10.3 feet In diameter and
10.6 feet In length, and a compound engine
with a working pressure of 150 pounds.
Her cylinders will be 20 and 40 Inch and
her engine will have a 24-inch stroke. She
will have a speed of about thirteen knots.
THE importance of San Francisco
as a military center has Increased
rapidly within the last few years.
New army posts have been es-
tablished at different points on
the hnrbor shore and the old posts have
been enlarged and their garrisons in
creased. Once upon a time, and that not
very long ago, the little steamer General
McDowell made light work of maintain
ing passenger and freight communication
between the different harbor posts. As
the poFts grew in number and increased
in size, however, the McDowell's capacity
was taxed to the utmost. The growth
continued until It reached a point beyond
the McDowell's capacity and the army
authorities asked Congress for an adu3
tional boat. This request was granted
and the Risdon Iron Works has been
awarded the contract for the construc
tion of a steamer to be used In conjunc-
tion with the McDowell in maintaining
a regular Bervlce between th« local army
posts.
This new boat Is now being built and
the accompanying drawing made from
the Government plans is presented to the
public for the first time, and by The Cafl.
The name the new boat will bear has
not yet been decided. When in commis
sion she will become one of Uncle Sam's
permanent harbor fleet and the details of
her construction will be of general in
terest.
She will be built of steel and over tn-o
thlrds of her length will be built a steel
"bouse with a cabin at the after end to ac-
SHIP STEWARD
LEAVES BRIDE
NEW ARMY TKCDER WHICH IS NOW IN COURSE OF CONSTRUCTION AT THE RISDON IRON WORKS, AND
WHICH WIL.L. BE USED TO FACILITATE THE PASSENGER AND FREIGHT SERVICE BETWEEN THE
VARIOUS POSTS ALONG THE SHORES OF THE HARBOR.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1903,
New Army Tender Now Under Construction at the Risdon Iron
Works Will Be Used to Improve the Passenger and Freight
t Service Between Various Posts Along the Harbor Shore
WILL RUN IN CONNECTION
WITH GENERAL McDOWELL
CAMERA CXTJB TO GO ON
ITS ANNUAL PILGBIMAGE
Some Two Hundred Members Will
Leave Saturday for Recreation
Beside Russian River.
The second annual pilgrimage of the
California Camera Club to Vacation
Camp will take place next Saturday af
ternoon. Between one hundred and fifty
and two hundred club members and their
friends will leave the city for the "Tent
Hotel," on the Russian River, returning
on.JIonday morning.
Private cars will be provided by the
California Northwestern for this outing-,
so that the entire party will be together
both going and returning.
The rate secured by the committee Is
unusually low, the railroad fare and
camp accommodations for the two nights
and five meals being but S3.
10
\ SUNDAY CALL'S
\ \ "Watch for the full pag^ of clevet half-hour
\ \ storiettes.
iSS^^^ Copper Moon
B 7 "Col."Kate\ r «J^ \ By Charles Sloan Beid.
r ui "Tw"c M \ . c\ -How the Race Was Won-
FablSS TBI rOOllSn \ wc^^ \ By Crittenden Marriott.
By Nicholas Nemo. \ S^N 1 \ ¦
— ~~- \ 4.a\. \ Don's Happy Ness Nye
The Oracle of fflnl-\ < V$* y By otho b. sen ga .
berry Center \ -<v \ A village Pincushion
By S. E. Klser. V-'rSS^ \ By Sarah Lindsay Coleman.
The Etiquette of the\ -d^ \ x ,
visitor \> \ i ne
By Madge Moore. \ \
And the most exciting installment yet pub\ <c£ \ 1 1 fl J5 T fi J"
llahed of that merry lampoon of America'»\ V^^ \ l | iUIUI
Nouveaux Riches, \ \ ¦ By '
\ \ Edwin
...The Spenders... \ .'^y
By Harry Leon Wilson. \ V^ \
Wherein Uncle Peter Bines sacrifices $12,000,000 to teach \ / \
his nephew not to be a fashionable sosh. \ \
EXCITING FICTIOnX
, : ' '- AD VEBTISEKCENTS. - " '_ f
7ga HE MEWiPALE. DESIGMi "Z
A FASCINATING ARRAY.
Never before have we shown such a perfect assortment— such variety, such beautiful and ar-
tistic designs. The new goods have been pouring in on us for the last* month, a perfect deluge
of textile beauty. The prices speak for themselves. Don't foil to visit the store this week —
you will feel well repaid.
TAPESTRY CARPETS T Beautiful new patterns, a quality that Jk g\ TAPESTRY CARPET- Copies of Body Brussels designs, a large ff _
will give absolute satisfaction. Per yard £jL tS £* ran^e of patterns to choose from, many of them exclusive. hjC
: —— : -ar^^ Price per yard - w*^%*
nftnv nnitccpic n ¦ , . AXMINSTER. CARJ>ET- An exceUent quality. A wide range of patterns,
BODY BRUSSELS -Designs of unusual beauty. No *t» « /^A9] many of them exclusive, fine deep pile, exquisite col- gt* « Pf
carpet made to equal this wonderful weave for Jk g llkfA oring, soft and delightful to the tread. Sewed, laid JK i S *>
wear. Price per yard # *|J A«W* 2 and Uned, per yard.... „ H* *•*++*
LINOLEUM— Made of best linseed oil and pulverized cork. A i#%] : .
number of attractive patterns. Per square yard LMiJIZf*
>>># _ # ' ....„
f^SBk Nothing will go further toward brightening a room than a good rug. With modern methods OT^
Ri ta K9 W iSF"W> Ufa e cost is reduced to a minimum, placing an. article of unquestioned worth within the reach f |B «. __ «¦ j-| m
fk& II i %3? iS °- f every purse * We Ust a few that vou mav 8<"n an idea of the prices. Smyrna Rugs, in JMF If fffl'JC
|% MLR <£kL «Lji wzes ran S Jn J5 from the small door rug to one large enough to cover a room. sfj Vk Hi} XSL
4» A large variety of designs— both Oriental and floral. Designs that show the master hand in A
every line— colors that cannot fail to charm the eye. :
Sire 18x36 65C Sile 26x5 *««« ...«......!..$ 1 «35 Sirc36x72 «..« }J) 2 • 35
. i * SMYRNA RUC-9x 12 feet, large ~
- O C <C 1 £LK enough to cover a room, rich <fc 1 Jk
Size21x45 'ZF^C Size 30x60 ~ *J> I .O^ in color and design, revers- %> I £L.£ O
¦ *^ v _ • ible. Price t; *.-5j^
MOQUETTE RAJGS-Some wonderfully attractive de- £ « QC AXMINSTER RAJCS-36x72, line deep pfle, Oriental fa de- Q*% +fe
signs, sfce 27x60. -Price. <J> J| ,OJ sign and color. Price
' ffp BEr • jtSSBb^ I <M^^Bj^^Br^*^^7ir^ it?iiTw> tSot "*^»^^" *B5B3^»^35J^ S83SS9
KfFjJBsS f?*]£j RSB Kjl BH BffiLere Btt^. DKsS M»^S E^l RaVE i hoS 6»3 EhhI MSB HdB tBHWXUrkaBb^B& RSB , fr¥' J l
245-259 GEARY STREET, On the Square
B. KATSCHINSKI j
\ Philadelphia Shoe Co. §
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. |
I Adjoining OaU XnUdlmr. \
ibvitwcrnpj ... *• I]
\\ the. *imi*P*n u
I \ /r*$F< $ 9« 85
¦ JI ™
VENTILATED SHOES.
BIG CUT IN PRICE.
TV© must dispose of our venti-
lated shoes because the firm of O.
A. Kantrowitz & Co. of Chicago,
that made them, has failed and
we do not wish to keep any broken
lines in stock. We will therefore
offer "Beams" Ventilated Lace.
Congress and Oxford Ties in yicl
kid patent leather and velour calf,
with olaln or coin toes and- tips.
AT »2..S5 A PAIR. Regular
price »4.00. Surely a great offer to
men whose feet perspire. Sizes 5*£
to 11: widths A to E.
Damp orPerspiringFeet
BEFORE STOCKTAKING
GREAT VALUES FOR THE LA-
DIES. Stock taking is fast ap-
proaching and we have decided to
close out a few lines. Just to re-
duce the stock, shoes first class in
every way eood fitters and good
wearers, made to retail at $2.50 a
c*^:r. but as a special Inducement
WILL. OFFER THEM AT 81.45.
Ladies' vici kid lace, coin toes and
tips, single or double soles and
military heels. Sires 2*4 to 8;
widths A to EE.
We don't guarantee to fill coun- t
try orders on sale shoes. ||
B. KATSCHINSKI J
Philadelphia Shoe Co, if
10 THXB.D ST., 8«a rnucUoo. IMIDDLESBORO. Ky., Aug. 4. — A posse Is
searching for Thomas Arthar, who. It is
charged, assassinated' Andrew Collins at
Straight Creek last night while the latter was
asleta. 'd&ljBKtiMKmrt ¦.-¦;". *-
WILMINGTON. Del.. . Auj. 4.— Constable
James V. -Wright, who last night was seriously
wounded by Fletcher Hollls. a negro desperado,
whom he was about to arrest, will probably
recover. The search for Hollls is being vigor
ously continued and It is probable that he will
be shot if caught.
BERKELEY. Aug. 4.— Daniel King died
at the age of 91 years to-day at the home
of his son, P. G. King, of 1311 Ashby ave
nue. The deceased was a native of Stir
lingshire. Scotland, and had been a resi
dent of California for twenty-five years.
The remains will be sent to Brentwood for
burial.
Dies at Ninety-One Years.
OAKLAND, Aug. 4.— The will of the
late William " T. Hamilton was filed for
probate to-day. His estate Is valued at
$30,000. v He bequeaths $12,000 to three of
his sisters and divides $4000 among twen
ty nephews and nieces. The remainder of
his estate he leaves to his adopted daugh
ter, Leola E. Hamilton, now, 15 years of
age. Jn; his will he states that he does
not mention his. widow, as she is already
provided for."
and drills and all sorts of instruments, all
of them turned out ; for the purpose by
the college blacksmith shop. For the cav
ities; high up from. the ground an.impro
vised "chair is .. employed, ; In which the
workman Is hoisted, to his.work.
The last Legislature made a special ap
propriation for '¦ this work. ;
William T. Hamilton's Will.
OAKLAND. Aug. 4.— The police have be
gun a crusade against those Junk dealers
that purchase such wares from persona
under 16 years of age In violation of the
law. Mrs. Sarah Jacobs, an East Oak
land vender* was arraigned In the Police
Court to-day on a charge of buying lead
pipo from a boy. Detectives say petty
thievery by youthful miscreants is fos
tered by the ease with which such plunder
can be converted into coin.
Bald on Junk Dealers.
LIVERMORE, Aug. 4.— The new bank
at Llvermore has been opened for busi
ness. Its name Is the Llvermore Valley-
Bank, and the directors are: Thomas
Crellin, H. C. Morris. 8. G. Murphy, W;
G. Palmanteer, C. H. YVendte, James
Concannon, August Hagemann, Joe Mc-
Kown and F. R. Fassett.
.It is the purpose of the directors to
erect a modern -bank building at once.
The following officers were elected by the
board of directors: President. W.G. Pal
manteer; vice president. C. H. Wendte;
cashier, L. M. McDonald.
New Bank at Livennore.
Petition for the dismissal of the suit
brought by Edward Longan against Grace
E." Ldngan was filed to-day on the ground
of lack of prosecution. ;
OAKLAND, Aug. 4.— The following di
vorce suits were instituted to-day: 'Salinas
Smith vs. Jacob 'tTmlth, cruelty; Etta C.
Brown vs. Harvey. Brown, cruelty and
desertion; Lucy E. Moore vs. William W.
Moore, Intemperance and desertion.
The suit t)f Eleanor Hunt vs. William
Hunt, formerly of East Oakland, has been
transferred from Los Angeles to this city.
In Divorce Court.
OAKIjAND, Aug. 4.— Half clad and
with her feet bare. Rose Cavin, a nurse,
was found roaming the streets this after
noon at Thirty-eighth street and Tele
graph avenue In a partly demented condi
tion. She was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where she was held under ob
servation. The Indications are that over
work and using stimulants are responsi
ble for her condition.
The cold day had chilled her and the
exposure adding to her overwrought con
dition had the effect of making her
speech almost unintelligible. She stated
that she had been divorced from hex hus
band, whose name was" Scott, last Feb
ruary. The papers In the case show that
Scott got the divorce on the ground of
cruelty, she being addicted to the use of-
Intoxicants. She is 23 years of age. %
Rose Cavin, Partly Demented Nurse,
Taken to Receiving Hospital
Suffering From Exposure.
FOUND ON STREETS IN ¦- . ;
HALT-CLAD CONDITION
He was ordered by the doctor to re
main quiet for a few days In order that
he might recover his strength and avoid
danger of overexertlon.
If nothing more serious develops Mr.
English will be qut again in a week or
ten dayB. -~^_: .,-•¦"¦
William D. English, vice president and
manager of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany, is seriously 111 at his home, corner
of Tenth and Madison streets. It was
thought at first that the trouble was the
result of the operation recently performed
for appendicitis, but Dr. p. D. Crowley,
who Is attending the patient, says there
Is nothingy^o indicate -that such Is the
case. Mr. English had not 'entirely re
covered from the'weakness caused by the
operation and It Is thought he received
a strain In getting in or out of his buggy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 4.
OAKLAND. Aug. 4. — The following marrlaga
licenses were Issued by the County Cleric to
day: Fred Schwartfager. 40, and Jennie Or
chard. 33. both of San Francisco; Fred Ever»,
23. and Helen Bowen. 21. both of Oakland;
Lowell Stltman. 29. and Emma G. Fitzgerald.
21, both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
Contra Costa Manager
Under Doctor's Care
Once More.
Vineyards of State Will
Suffer a Decrease
in Crops. ,
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Aug. 4.\
The grape vines of California have been
attacked by a new disease, that is, a
disease that has never before been noticed
by vitlculturists in this State. It is not
particularly destructive and now that it
has been discovered It may be checked,
but Its effect will be to decrease the grape
crop this year. The vlneyardlsts of So
noma and Napa counties are the greatest
sufferers by this latest visitation;
The disease manifests Itself by rotting
the roots and stems, beginning at the
top; turning the leaves red around the
veins, or wilting the stems of the leaves
or the tender young shoots that spring
up at the bane of the parent vine.
Professor E. H. Twlght, Instructor In
viticulture at the University of California,
has Just returned from an inspection of
the affected vines. He believes they can
be treated successfully and he has started
8. series of experiments to cure the dis
ease. Whether the trouble Is fungus or
bacterial In origin Professor Twlght has
not yet determined.
BUTTE. Mont.. Aug. 4.— Five costly errors
and Inability to decipher Roach's twirling at
times when hits were badly' needed was the
cause of the undoing of the Salt Lake team at
the Columbia Gardens to-day. Attendance, 350.
Score:
R. H. E.
Butte 0 3 0 2 0 2 0 0 0—7 11 1
Salt Lake O0O1O0O0 0—1 9- 4
Batteries — Roach and Swindells; Lundbom
and Ehea. ¦
SEATTLE, Aug. 4.— Helena hit Maupln h»rd
to-day and won out. Seattle is crippled by
having Stanley and McNlfhols out of the game
on account of Injuries. Puttmann struck out
fourteen men. Score:
R. H. E.
?rattl» 1 2 O 0 0 3 0 0 0— « 8 3
Helena 0 0 0 3 3 0 0 0 2—6 16 4
Batteries— Maupln and Hurley; Puttmann
and Carrisch. Umpire— Colgan.
SPOKANE. Aug. 4. — Costly errors enabled
Ppokane to gain several runs in the game this
afternoon, Slagle had the visitor* at bis mercy,
striking out nine. Pflester was not a hard
proposition. Attendance, C30. Score:
It. II. E.
Spokane 0 0 2 0 1 2 2 0 x— 7 12 1
San Francisco.. .1 0 0 0 0 0 10 0—2 8 4
Batteries— Elagle and Hanson; Pflester and
Zearf OBs. S
TACOMA, Aug. 4. — Batting honors were e.ven
to-day, but Los Angeles did most of their stick
work when hits meant runs, bunching good
hita with Tacoma'a errora. There were several
pieces of sensational fielding, chief of which
was Reilly'e one>handed grao of Holland's
fierce line hit at arm's length over his head,
doubling Byers at second. Hlldebrand pitched
great ball, striking out fourteen men. Scor?:
R. II. E.
Is* Angles 1 10 2 0 2 0 1 2—8 , 0 2
Tacoma OOOOhOOl 0—2 . 10 6
Batteries— M. Hildebrand and II. Hlldebrand;
St. Vraln and Byers. Umpire — Rues Hall.
In Juvenile Court.
OAKLAND, Aug. 4.— Under the 'new
law concerning Juveniles Delphlne Strau
ther and Harry Brown, two dependent
and incorrigible children, will be exam
ined next Thursday by Judge Ellsworth
and some disposition will be made of
them under the provisions of the new act.
Notice has been given those supposed to
bo Interested in their cases to appear at
that time, that they may be heard be
fore final action Is taken in regard to
them.
HAREY FORBES HEBE
TO MEET FRANK NEIL
Bantam-Weight Champion. Has Un
pleasant Incident of His Last
Visit to Wipe Out.
Harry Forbes, the- bantam-weight
champion boxer, who Is matched to fight
Frank Neil on the 13th lnst.. arrived last
night from Chicago. He is accompanied
by John H<*rtz. his manager, who is mak
ing th!a his honeymoon trip.
Forbes was unfortunate in his friends
upon hfs last visit here and will have
that incident to live down. The O'Keefe-
Britt scandal has made thq followers of
boxing suspicious. Any bout for some
time to come with a taint of trickery
about It will undoubtedly suffer for lack
of patronage.
Start Park Improvement.
OAKI.AND. Aug. 4.— Councilman Edwl"
Meeee, chairman of the street commltt^
and Superintendent of Streets Charles F.
Ott have arranged to build a roadway
Into the newvpark site below Eighth
6treet bridge that work may be started to
fill the property with sweepings from the"
streets. The Board of Public Works paved
the- way for the inauguration of the im
provement of the site by making a con
tract with the street sweepers to dump
their collections there.
•B.RAX ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY. AUGUST 4.
aterdha&U" Exchange Bank to Helena S. In-
B^r lot on \V line of Pc'.k etreet. 30 S of
O Farrell. E SO by TV 97 :t. quitclaim &**& : *•»•
John P. Robertson to Helena Schlcsineer,
*am«-. qCltrlaim deed: ?5.
Alexander J. and Lottie D. Wlleoa to Rosa
lie J Colorr.bat. lot on S line of Pine street,
1M 2 W of Flllmore. W 50 by S 127 .«: $10.
tJeorpe J. ONell to Anna O'Nell. lot en T\
line ofFcott etreet, 32:6 S of Waller, S 25 by
W 116:3; $10.
• City and Courtv of San Francisco to J. r .
V.sKuire. lot on S line cf Seventeenth street,
tT.:« E of Hartford, E »:6, S 20, NW to t*
pinning; $ . ,
Sanw to Andrea Rlccoml, lot on s line or
Twentieth 6treet, CO E of Alabama. E 60 by
p ](V|- $ .
H*nry and Mary Eckart to Ar.ns M. Schmidt
; <wife U Frederick J.). lot on N line of N»**:
tpeiuh etre«t. SO W of Dlatnpnd. W 25 by >
75 ¦ ( TfJ
Harry A. and Ada M. Greene and David and
Jiani't Rofirlrk to George M. Weetcott. lot on
:; line of Sacramento etreet. 172:6>j E of
Kr^my. E 45 by K K»:6: 510.
John H. end Gertrude E. Toell to Henry
Frumer. undivided half of lot on \V line of
Montgomery etreet. CS:9 S of Bush, S 34:4Vj
hy *V CO; trant.
Emily F. Dunn and Beatrice E. Toell to
mr.%r. iindivld'd half of Fame: grant.
Liomd B . Katie and Josephu* 11. Joseph to
FimoB Ciaybursh, rerecord 2003 D. 347. lot on
P line of Geary «tre*t, 110:« W cf Grant ave
nue \V 22 •¦¦>¦ S l f *>; $J«.2.V>.
Jehn A. Schmidt to A. H. Warnecke and
txiT* Kotipltz. lot on \V lir.» of Ftockton street,
?*> N of Foint, H 77 :« by VI' 137:6, quitclaim
dcrd : ( i
• A. H. Warr.erke to Robert H. McGcwan. un
€ivirte<l hslf of Mm"; flO
fbrirtina Mangels <ar.<l a* trusts cf *>jtat*
of Martin iUrgeli.) to Fa*lo Demartlnl. lot on
TV Ilnr of Taylor street. SO M of Lombard. N
¦{/> fi» \V KO; $6000.
.-Dora Mendeii to Wende! P. Mendeil, lot on
hZ lin* of Howard street, 287:6 NB of Sixth, j
•2CK 37* fey SEW; $19. !
, oer.r^e fi n<l Eleanor C. Eckley to Edw Gin- !
iry let <-n N line of Clement street. SI E cf.
Ninth" avenue. E H2 by N 1««: *10. i
J"i»miah II. Ixinerpan to W. L. B. Mills, lot
An 1Z Hne of Seventh avenue. ITS S of A stre#t, I
t- .*»() by K 120. quitclaim deed: $1.
\V. L. C. and Marj- A. Mills to R«y MauraU,
tame; $10.
AlWi Meyer to Elizabeth B. Grant, lot en
KB corner of Twentieth avenue and I etreet, E
40 t>y N 10O; ?1O.
• Orville T>. and Nellie D. Baldwin to ¦William
I* Holman. lot on SE corner of Forty-eighth
• venue end K street. E R2:6 by F. 1«O; J10.
Charlotte I. Newman to Howard W. fitack
pol*>. lot on B line <>f Thirty-fourth avenue, 100
N r.f V meet. N 25 by E 120; $10.
<W»orpe V. Haskell to Thyra I* Crane, lot on
JCW line of San M:ru*1 street. 40 NE of Mount
Verrwn. NE 30 by NW IO3. lot 4S. San Miguel
}{otn*«tea<1 Association; >10.
S. Duca« Company la corporation) to Michael
Oroas, lot «~n Nff corner of Dwlrht and Bow
dofn elr+eu>. N 200 by W 120. lots 3 and 4,
t^H-ir 47. T'nlwrelty Homestead: $10.
Joseph Marlon to Agathe Marion, lot on NW
J!ne of Exeter ratarr) street. 75 SW of Paul
sv^nue SW 50 by NW 100. lot 21. Mock 4,
Garden Tract Hcmertead Association; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Carl V Anderson (owner) with Lu G.Ber
cr*n 'contractor), architect All work for
• 3-*tory frame building <3 flats* on lot on NE
corDCT of Chestnut and I^eavenxrorth «treet«,
i5 en Ohesunit by 87 :«; »9O00. ¦¦¦>-..
Judah Newman mwner) with O. P. W . Jen
**n 'contractor*, architects Balfleld & Kotelberg
—All work except fasflttlrjr and plumbing for
a 2-s?ory atti<- and basement residence on lot
on N line cf Jackson street. 60 E of Oetavia,
E 77:0 by N 127:104; |ll.l»O0.
. Kame owner with Pbepard Broa. (contrac
tors). arch!t«-cts same — Oasftttlns; and plumb
injt for same on r*me; $1175.
O. H. Wult>n <owner) with William Horst
meyer & Co. <cr>r.tr8ctor5), architects II. Geli
fBM £ Bob— All work fcr * two-«tory and
basement frame residence on SW corner of
frU>vwiteenth and Custro streets. XV SO, thence
F 75. W 4.".. N 75. K 45: $5500.
• flenry FahleJn (owner) with Otto Brhrader
(contractor), architect J. E. Krafft — Construc
tional Iron end steel work, ear* Iron, girders,
M'et'and wrought iron work, illuminating tile,
t?fc.p doors etc. fnr a seven-story brick building
on PW corner of Bui-h and Polk streets, S 30
fcj- W 7S-»: $1<X37{}.
Butchers Grant- Demands.
OAKLiAND, Aug. 4,— The employing
butchers have acceded to the demands
of the Butchers' Union as embraced In a
new scale of wages which went into ef
fect to-day.
Water Polo at Lurline Baths.
The members of the Lurline Swimming
Club had a lively game of water polo
last night at the JLurllne Baths. The
winning team was made up of W. Pomin
(captain). T. Harris. J. A. Geddes. A.
Heinz. L>. Pauson, G. Dawson. H. Ken
nerson and J. A. Jackson. The losing
team was composed of W.\Harris (cap
tain). W. P. Stockton, W. Bray. A. D.
Schmidt, O. Schultz, H. Seebach, B. Daw
eon and T. Bacon. The, score was 4 to 2.
Jackson of the winning side did some
good work at the goal, while Bray of the
opposing team also showed to good ad
vantage. F. S. Geddes acted as time
keeper and Judge.
I am becoming so old that I have a
good. deal of respect for good advice.—
Drake Watson.
Will Work During Rush.
OAKLAND. Aug. 4.— With the Increase
In the work r>f the Tax Collector's office,
attendant on the turning over of the As-
Rf»ssor> books. Tax Collector Barber to
day appointed James A. Webster, John
Jt/Hunt, J. W. Mott. G. D. Warren and
W. R. BarFtow as deputies until the work
at making out tax receipts is finished.
Hermann's Eons "Will Picnic.
BERKELEY. Aug. 4.-\Vest Berkeley
I-odge, Order of Hermann's Sons, is plan
ning to participate in the picnic to be
given by the order at Shell Mound Park
next Sunday. A booth will be occupied
fcy the Elnglr.g section cf the local lodge.
ENGLISH AGAIN
CONFINED TO BED
(Pacific Xatlonal Lea cue.)
W. L. Pet. i W. L. Pet.
Los Anireles.60 36 .f&VPan Fran 49 4S .60S
Butte M 37 .611Tacoma 40 65 .421
Spokane 56 39 .590 Helena 31 67 .373
Seattle 50 44 .KC' Halt Lake. ..11 20.355
Clever Work of Puttmann and Hilde
brand of Pacific National League. '
STANDING OF THE CLUBS. /""""*'
STBIKE OUT FOURTEEN MEN.
NEW DISEASE
ATTACKS VINES
Various are the tools used by the tree
surgeons in prosecuting their labors,
many of. them not * unlike ' those used by
the M. D. There are scoops and spoons
Workers have proceeded by ridding the
tre.es Of all tho dry rot, then disinfecting
the exposed places with coal tar and fill
ing ¦ them with California cement. The
cement takes the place- of the natural
wood and enough Is put Into the cavity
to bring It ; ta the edge of the bark. This
leaves a surface over which the bark
grows In time, thus enclosing the cement
If the cement was filled to the brim of
the bark the bark would \f>e retarded in
its growth and finally the tree would die.
The treatment of the trees has disclosed
some strange things. Most curious of
these is an oak i in- which the letters "G
R" werje cut years ago in the bark. This
left the* wood , exposed . to the weather,
which in time rotted deep, though it was
not apparent until the operators began
work upon it. In a few more years the
tree would have died.
FILLED WITH CEMENT.
In carrying out the instructions. Super
intendent Bolton, as chief surgeon, and
the surgeons under him have been ten
derly solicitous for the fathers of the
campus. In digging out the cavities and
filling them with more wholesome stun*
they have exercised the greatest care not
to hurt the tree, though there must be
inward groans when the drills pierce too
far. .»
Professor W. A. SetcheH of the botany
department of the university has been
watching with some apprehension the
encroachments of the dry rot on the trees.
Just before his departure for Europe re
cently he had a conference on the sub
ject with President Wheeler, to whom ha
said that something must bB done to save
tho oaks, and done at once. President
"Wheeler was alive to the necessity of Im
mediate treatment, and gave orders,
therefore, to Grounds Superintendent A*
L. Bolton to proceed according to Profes
sor Setchell's directions.
Tho most devitalizing affliction of the
oak is the dry rot. This usually mani-
Jests itself ax the places on the trunk
where the limbs have been broken or cut
off. Before the bark has had- time to
shield- the wound, the weather gets Into
It and the wpod rots away. Sometimes
there will be a hole several feet deep
where It Is least suspected. If this dls
ense Is not corrected It win eat Its way
into the heart of the tree, eventually kill
ing it.
ARRESTING DISEASE.
body In. the world has read or
heard about are submitting to a rejuven
ating process. It may not be as painful
as the surgery practiced on human be
ings, but It. Is doing a great deal of good
and the patient old oaks will come out
of the ordeal revivified and the better
equipped to withstand the Pacific winds.
Once in their lives oak trees— the Cali
fornia kind, that is— must be operated
upon. Like human beings, as they grow
older, . their vitality decreases. Their
withered limbs get more crusty, and the
dry rot takes hold of their trunks. In
their young days, say when they were
about 200 years old— for the university
oaks are estimated to be over 400 years
of age— they were strong enough to shake
off these manifestations of/ age. If the
wind made a wound in the. trunk of an
oak it soon healed over with new bark;
if a limb broke, It sent a new ono to take
its place. But in the infirmity of old age
the palsied tree can. no longer cover up
its injuries and it stretches out its
scraggy arms to man. appealing to him
for assistance In its distress.
BERKELEY, Aug. 4.— The tree
surgeons are at work on the Uni
versity of California oaks. Those
famous trees that almost every-
Filling for new tracks and depot build
ings is in progress at the new site. It Is
not expected, however. In view of the
large amount of work necessary, that the
new. yards will be ready for business
under a year. Most of the land to be oc
cupied Is marshy and requires a heavy
fill.
Plans for the new terminus, which ad-.
Joins the property lately acquired by the
Western Pacific Railroad at the foot of
Union street, contemplate the abandon
ment of Sixteenth-street depot and First
and Market streets as freight points and
the concentration of all local freight traf
fic at the Fifth-street yards. The site
has a frontage of 625 feet on Fifth street
and 1036 feet on Cypress street.
The company purposes. It is understood,
to - use the new location exclu
sively for a local freight service,
thus reducing the cost of switch
ing and the delay In moving of cars after
they are sent to the West Oakland yards
and now hauled to the Sixteenth-street
or the First-street depots.
The Southern Pacific Company has
brought a condemnation suit in the Su
perior Court to acquire a portion
of the block facing Fifth street,
between Cypress and Kirkham. • to
complete Its holdings between Center and
Cypress streets, below Fifth, whete a
local/ freight yard terminal Is to be es
tablished.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 4.
MEMBER OF THE FACULTY OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA AND VIEWS OF THE WORK PRO
GRESSING UNDER HIS DIRECTION TO PRESERVE THE FAMOUS OAKS OF BERKELEY, FOR WHICH
THE LAST LEGISLATURE APPROPRIATED THE SUM OF $1000. \
Southern Pacific Plans
Concentration of
Local Freight.
j CTNTHIAXA. Ky.. Aug. i.— In the Jett
I and White trial to-day Dr. J. M. Cash of
I Jackson testified to having attended Mar
¦ cum as he lay dying in front of the
I Courthouse. He said that a few minutes
I before the killing he saw Jett in front
I of Hargis" store, immediately across the
i street from the Courthouse, talking to
• Asbury Spier and 'Lish Noble. This eon
i tradicted the testimony of at least fifteen
I witnesses who testified for the prosecu
! tion to seeing Jett go Into the courtroom
! Immediately before the shooting. After
j the examination he did not remember see-
I ing any one else at the time of the killing
: about the Courthouse. It was claimed on
¦ cross-examination that he contradicted
! his testimony on the former trial at Jack
i 6on six weeks ago.
! John Smith and John Abner testified at
i length, contradicting Mrs. Mary Johnson
j and Edward Marcum, who said they had
t seen Smith and Abner a year before the
I killing of Marcum in a stone quarry near
Marcum's home armed with other armed
men. _^
Jett and White Try to
Break Down Case
for the State.
SUES TO GAIN
TERMINAL SITE
By the dismissal r to-day . of . aV- suit
brought' by Catherine ..Boogar "against
Philip Boogar the records of the Superior
Court were cleared of litigation, the his
tory cf which runs the gamut of excit
ing occurrences that put to- blush the
yellowest, of yellow backed dime, novel
literature. Accusations * from '. murder
down, poisonings, abductions, the clink
of much gold, an old man's Infatuation
for a buxom woman, divorce, bullets and
.a killing." police and detectives galore— all
contributed to the many chapters that
made Boogar vs. Boogar a case cele
brated In the annals of Alameda County.
Beginning with a battle between the
young wife and her aged^ spouse for pos
session of his fortune, the dramatic nar
rative closed with the shooting of. Philip
Boogar, bv Michael Collins, his wife's
father. .
The suit In point was brought by Mrs.
Boogar on a charge that the old man had
put his fortune out of her reach. A
divorce suit Instituted about the same
time was replete with sensation. Cruel
ties charged against old Boogar were met
by counter accusations that attempts had
been made by Mrs. Boogar to poison her
husband. Detectives by the dozen hov
ered about the couple. The old German
was hustled about from place to place,
hidden from his wife, who pursued and
for years kept open battle over the old
man's pots of gold, for it was estimated
he was worth $100,000.
The tension became so strong that one
day old Michael Collins met Boogar on
Eighth street In front of the Galindo Ho
tel and shot the old man. Boogar died
soon afterward. Then the fight of Mrs.
Boogar to save her father, who was ac
quitted, was followed by more battling
over the Boogar estate.
All of these years of litigation had cut
deeply into the bank accounts. Mrs. Boo
gar mannered to secure a house and lot
at the southeast corner of Franklin and
Eighth streets. The remainder of tl/e
fortune had dwindled to almost nothing.
To clear the records to-day's action was
taken. W. J. Dlngee and -Marie Reading
wene defendants named with old man
Boogar. the allegation being made that
they claimed an Interest In the property
for which Mrs. Boogar was fighting.
• Oakland Office San Francisco Call
ii 111S. Broadway. Aug.' 4.
,N'EW YORK, Aug. 4-Tr.ngT^Eman Lit
tauer has made a statement, of which the
following is part:
VI am, of course surprised and disap- ;
pointed at the decision of the Secretary
Of War that there may exist even a prlma
facie ca*e of violation of statute. The
decision only creates an inquiry as to
whether a technical violation of law has
been committed, and removes from the ;
case entire ly any suggestion of dishonesty |
or- dishonorable action on my part, and
Of 'any improper use of my influence as
» .Congressman in regard to any glove
contracts.
••Mr' Lyon m a general contractor to
Th/ War Department. There was award
fed to him a contract for 3000 muskrat fur
nuntleta, w^ieh he purchased from us at
B price of SI.^4 a pair. Subsequently Mr.
Lyt»a hid, and his bid was accepted for I
BMgM similar gloves. After the acceptance
of "the bid he called on me to furnish him
1 xvft!? the goods. " I informed him that I ,
. would not furnish then at the price that
'•'.':, r i:>'i pairs had been furnished. Dur- ¦
« \vg sonr conversation I took a sheet of
* paper Rr.d in my handv.-riting calculated
* the. price of the poods, which, with a 15 ,
y*r cer.t profit to my firm, would have |
flmourfic d to J1JS1 a pair, which was tue
price at which 1 had previously offered to •
make the gauntlets. During the discus- j
fri<ri I reduced thl? anticipated "profit to ;
20 r*:r cent, making the price 51.73.
"Mr. I,yon insisted that I had overesti- j
* mated the number of skins that would i
c enter in;o the production of a dozen ;
•fciovos and subjoined to my memorandum J
. in his handwriting his estimate of the j
! cost, which he fixed, after correction of I
his previous figures, at $1 46»i- I would j
* not acquiesce in his estimate of the cost ;
and he would not acquiesce in mine. He j
importuned me, however, not to leave
rtijm in the lurch, as he had already con- ;
vjraeted to furnlfh the goods to the Gov
ernment at 51 05. (It turned out that in
.fact hf had contracted for them at 51 70.
\ although I did not know it.) He finally
/ bought the goods at $1 C5, but I conceded
that- If it should be demonstrated after
the actual manufacture of thf goods that
they had cost me less than 51 C5 his ac
ri*unt would be credited with one-half of
the difference between the actual cost per
pair and $1 Co, at which we had sold the
" goods to him. This difference was ascer
tained to be $3507 05, and he. was credited
, with this rebate, which amounted to
i 51T6S 56.
"Our books save evidence In detail of
this transaction. Mr. L»yon was charged
for the gloves at SI C5 a pair, and his ac
count was subsequently credited with the
rebate referred to.
"1 fall to see. and I am sure the com
* inanity will fall to see, how even a tech
.• r.ica! or legal violation of any statute or
any code of moral cr commercial pro
priety or any invidious criticism or cen
«ure can be founded en this transaction."
That portion of the report dealing with
the Police Commission furnishes inter
esting reading. The total number of li
censed places in the city coming under
the Jurisdiction of that body is 3095. show
ing an increase of 43 far the year. Of ap
plications for permits 13.664 were re
ceived, of which 279 were refused. Res
taurants to the number of 360 hold li
censes to sell liquor with meals.
There are 678 employes of the Police
Department. During the year 102 were
appointed, 10 resigned, 9 died. 8 were dis
missed and 15 retired. The patrol wagon
made 23,318 runs and covered a distance of
39,249% miles.
The total amount of fines paid Into the
city treasury upon convictions In the po
lice courts was $22,831.
The amount of property reported lost or
stolen aggregated the large sum. of
$112,783 63. of which $68,072 03 was recov
ered. Ninety-eight fugitives from jus
tice were apprehended In this city and
taken back to stand trial. That the City
Prison Is a Mecca for the homeless is at
tested by the fact that 5146 were giv.en
accommodation. ' Fourteen prisoners es
caped. Chinese to the number of 2124 and
281 Japanese were brought In during the
year.
In addition to those arrested for these
specific offenses 2351 were arrested for va
rious misdemeanors and 421 on felony
charges. The most arrests were made In
December, 1902, when 2709 were taken in,
and the least in June of this year, when
2104 were arrested. A comparison of the
number of police and arrests made dur
ing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1S74. and
the one jU3t closed is interesting. Dur
ing the year 1S73-7.4 there were 121 police
and 13.C07 arrests, and during the last
year C43 police and 29.336 arrests.
Assault to murder, 120: battery. 938: burg
lar tool* In possession. 17; felony embezzle
ment, 55: misdemeanor embezzlement, 80: for
gery. 32: keeping a gambling-house, t-4: visit
ing a gambling-house. 440: lottery ticket* In
possession 703: visiting fantan game, 46S>:
grand larceny. 258; petty larceny, B0«: mall
clous mischief, 2M: manslaughter. 49; may
hem. 9; murder, 21; perjury. 8; robbery, 1-1;
threats to kill, 72.
Of burglars 261 were captured and 23
men came to grief while making attempts
at burglary. Three hundred and seventy
eight slaves of opium and 51 keepers of
establishments where the drug is enjoyed
were rudely disturbed by the ever vigilant
patrolmen. One hundred and twenty
seven deserters from the army were ap
prehended and turned over to the mili
tary authorities. Vagrants to the number
of 2233 came to grief.
The other causes of arrests were as fol
lows:
A report. that wIU.be of particular in
terest to all classes of. citizens and to
students of criminology in particular will
be submitted to his Honor the Mayor to
day by Chief of Police Wlttman. The
report Is a voluminous document and
gives evidence of careful preparation. It
deals minutely with all branches of the
department of which Chief Wlttman is
the official head, even the number of runs
made by the "municipal carriages," com
monly designated in the vernacular of
the street urchins as "hurry up wagons,"
being computed, and the number of miles
traversed along the highways and by
ways of th«* city are given.
During theJ fiscal year ended June 30.
29,336 arrests were made and 10,111 per
sons were detained. Of this number
15,766 were taken into custody and incar
cerated for overindulgence in malt, fer
mented or spirituous beverages. For fail
ure to heed the expectoration ordinance
551 men suffered the indignity of being
compelled ' to appear before one of the
police magistrates. For disturbing the
peace and quietude of the municipality
1%8 were haled into court, and 368 mendi
cants were taken In for asking alma from
the sympathetic pedestrians.
CAUSES OF ARBEST.
GRAVE CONFLICT
IN THE EVIDENCE
Gibson also discovered that the stubs
in the | Eppinger check books show that
Superintendent Demming of the ware
house was paid his salary at the end of
every month. Some time ago Demming
put in a claim for $5000 said to be due
him for back salary, but Gibson asserts
that he has the stub books to prove that
Demming received all the salary that was
coming to him and that he is not, en
titled to another cent for his services.
While Gibson was at work in the ware
houses at Crockett, he discovered that
Edmund Friuend, the head bookkeeper of
the Pacific "Warehouse Company, one of
the holdings of the Dpplnger*. marked
the locks of " the Eppinger safe for the
American National Bank, two days be
fore the firm of Eppinger & Co. went to
the wall.
This evidence which Gibson, has col
lected will undoubtedly prove to be very
Important. In all probability it will tend
to show that Bookkeeper Friuend knew
that Eppinger & Co. were about to fail
several days before the nev.-s was made
public, though this as yet remains to be
proven.
Detective Thomas B. Gibson of the local
pcllce department, who has had charge
cf the Eppingrr failure investigation
since the shortcomings of the firm were
brought to light, returned to th!s city
from Crockett last night. Detective Gib
son Has been making a careful search
for more evidence at the warehouses for
several days past and now has on hand
facts that wlil more than likely lead to
Btartllng developments.
Bloodshed Stains the Record
of Struggle for an Old
Man's Geld. \
Check Books Show That Dem
ming's Salary Was
Paid in Full. .
Every Branch of the Depart
in en t Is Covered
• ; Minutely.
Friuend May Have
Known of Eppinger
Fraud
Document Gives Inter
esting Array of Pacts
and Figures.
Believes, However, That They
Clear Him of Suggestion
of Dishonesty.
Findings of Secretary
of War Do Not Meet
His Approval.
LITTAUER SAYS
HE IS SURPRISED
Suit That Opened Years
of Battle Is Dis
missed. -
END IS REACHED
IN BOOGAR CASE
POLICE CHIEF'S
REPORT READY
GIBSON SECURES
MORE EVIDENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5. 1903.
Aged Trees on Grounds of Uhiyersity of California Are under
going Process That Will Arrest' Dry Rot, Rejuvenate Them
and Preserve Theriv for Mofe Centuries of Usefulness
AID OF SCIENCE IS SOUGHT
TO PROLONG LIVES OF OAKS
11
ADVZHTISE2IE2.-T3.
* ¦ Miss Gannon, Sec'y Detroit"
Amateur Art Association, tells
young women what to do to
avoid pain and suffering caused
by female troubles.
" I can conscientiously recommend
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound to those of my sisters
suffering with female weakness and
the troubles which so often befall
women. I suffered for months with
general weakness and felt so weary-
that I had hard work to keep up. I
had shooting pains and was utterly
miserable. Id my distress I was ad-
vised to use Iiydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, and it was
a red letter day to me when I took the
first dose, for at that time my restora-
tion began. In six weeks I was a
changed. 1 woman, perfectly . well in
every 'respect. I felt so' elated and
happy that I want all women who
suffer to get well as I did." — Mis3
iGcn-AGjissojr, 359 Jones St., Detroit.
¦Corresponding Sec'y Mich. ' Amatenr
< Art. > Association. — SSOOO forfeit if original of
above letter proving genuineness cannot be produced.
It is clearly shown in this
yonnsr lady's letter that Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
will surely cure the suffering:* of
women ; and when one considers
that Miss Gannon's letter is only
one of . hundreds which we have, the
great Virtue of Mrs. Pinkham's medi-
cine must, be admitted by all. '__J" } » _
! NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART SUPPLEMENT,
"THE BUSSIAN WEDDING,"
Effectively framed either in
Flemish brown, ebony or gilt
fiaine, about three or four
inches; framed closely.Sun, Moon and Tide.
MaHposa... I Tahiti direct 11 amjPier 7
Alam«vJa. .. Honolulu 11 ami Pier 7
St. Paul ....I Nome & St Michael ....j
- FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. - . I Sails.
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. I Aug. 7
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports.JAug. 7
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports.|Aug. 9
Karallon j & Way Ports. lAug. 11
City Topeka.. j Skagway & Way Ports.lAug. 14
Cottage City. . | S-'ksjrway A Way Ports. I Auk. 15
fipokant Skagway & Way Ports. |Aug. lfi
Oregon Nome jAug. l(i
Santa .\ua Cooks Inlet & Way PU.IAug. HI
Tamplco Nome & St. Michael.. .lAug. IT
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. | Aug. 20
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 4.— Ri c h na »,»,.u
wells extending over a distance of 20O^^er«*
rf^uc'. e s n ia dl8COVered lD the Ku faS f t.mtorV r 'o"
WASHINGTON. Aug. 4.— Henry H. Jacobs
a well known. business man of this city, former
ly a diamond dealer, committed' suicide to-day
by ehootins;.
Calif ornians in Washington.
WASHINGTON. r ". Aug.V 4:— The -following
Callfornians : registered- at . the- hotels to-day:
At the National— AT Wellscott of Los Angeles
and; A.: Henderson of San Franclscc.
Supreme Court Affirms Judgments.
The Supreme Court yesterday j affirmed
the Judgment of the Superior Court of
Sonoma County In the suit, of the Santa
Rosa Bank vs.: George White. It aiso af
firmed the judgment of the Superior
Court In the case'of the Mutual Life In
surance Company of -New York vs. the
Pacific Fruit Company. '.
Railroads Adopt a Health Measure
SALT LAKE. Utah. Aug. 4.-Both the
Oregon Short Line and Union Pacific rail
roads have announced that hereafter
owing to the prevalence of ». Mh i'.:
sheep among the flocks of the West »hL
will refuse to carry over thel r 7S&
signments of sheep not accomoanlL i?J
clean bills of health f rom tK SKitS
States Bureau of Animal Industry?
- .NEW YORK, Aug. following Cal-
Ifornians are .In' New 'Tork: * From: San Fran^
Cisco— H.'C.'Schaert'zer. at the'St/Denis; Mrs.
a: w Golsam, : at the Grand ;'£: R.'' Munzy, H.
Lachm'ah and L7 Summerfleld.-at'the Imperial*
j'Mrs. -W.\ McKay and iL.'Rlchter. ;at the Vic
toria; J. A. Osmond, at the Grand Union; J.
Pelton. • at the Wellington; M.. Schmidt, at the
Savoy;. Mrs.' E; Danln.at the'Emplre.
< ' From , Los Angeles — G; - B. - Ennever, at the
Marl borough; M. Munday, at; the Astur; H. W.
Durrell/and T. E. Healy, at the Park Avenue;
Dr. O. E. HIbbard. at the Sinclair; M. F.
George', 1 B.W. Rlley and R. F. Vogel and wife,
at the. Imperial. • .'-:.--• . •- f- »
- From . Santa ¦ Barbara — E. . C. - Rader. at the
Everett ..-.,., ,..,.- . .
Calif ornians ' in ' New York.
Robert Keating, a driver employed by
the Emporium, was thrown from the seat
of his wagon, on Noe street yesterday
afternoon. His lee was broken by the
fall. William Wright, while driving his
team along Third street, slipped and fell,
the wheel of the wagon passing over his
leg and breaking It. Both men were
treated at the Emergency Hospital.
Teamsters Meet With Accidents.
One of the features of the entertain
ment will be a short sketch, in which a
number of the young parishioners will
take part. ...
A number of young ladies and gentle
men,- members of Holy Cross parish, met
several nights ago for the purpose of dis
cussing ways and means for, securing
funds to raise the debt incurred ..by,. the
church in the purchase of an organ; and
they finally decided on an entertainment
and dance, which will be held in Sara
toga Hall on the evening' of August 27.
Edward Regan was chosen . chairman of
the general committee of, arrangements
and A. T. ; McGlnty, brother of : Father
John McGlnty. was elected -. treasurer.
Other committees chosen for the affair are
as follows:
Talent— Miss Layden (chairman). Miss L.
McDonald, Miss K. McFadden, Miss N. Burns,
Miss A. Owens and Mrs, E. CJ. Black. ¦
H Refreshments— Mrs. J". Spottiswood < chair
man). Mrs. B. 1 Hunt.* Miss Carroll. Miss 1^. Mc-
Donald Miss M. Lang. Miss Fitzslmtnons, Miss
Bishop, Mis3 Grant and Miss Conlan. J
Press — Luke Carroll. Thomas Curran, Edward
Reran and W. F. Enrlght..
Floor— W. F.VEnrlght (manager), L. Carroll,
T. Curran. T. Sneed, Burt Hunt. Edward Re
gan M. McCourtney and A. J. Pettee. •¦
D<or — E. G. Black, Thomas Sneed and A. J.
Pettee.
Proceeds "Will Be Used ' to Raise
the Organ Debt of- the
: ' . cnurcn. . ¦ . .
HOLY CROSS PARISH %J
TO ENTERTAIN FRIENDS
No cause. Is assigned for the klllin- a,
both Mllllken and Hunter bore good r°Jnu!
tations.
LEWISBURG, Term., Aug. 4.— A negro
preacher named John Mllllken was killed
and another fatally wounded by a band
of . whltecappers last night. When the
mob made its appearance at Mllliken'a
home the preacher made his exit throush
a back d^oor. He was brought down bv
a volley, dying almost Instantly John
Hunter, a son-in-law of Mllllken. was
made to accompany the mob on a fruit
less search for another negro and In an
attempt to escape was fatally shot in the
Son-in-Law of Murdered Man Is
Fatally "Wounded While Trying
to Escape From the Mob.
TENNESSEE WHITECAPPEBS v
. KILL A NEOBO PBEACHEB
Tuesday. August 4. .
Schr Alcalde, Peterson, 4H days from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Lakme, Walvig, CO hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner. 23 hours from Eureka.
Strnr Greenwood, Johnson, 17 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr South Bay. Jamieson, SO hours from
San Pedro. ...
Stmr Noyo, Ellefsen, 16 hours from Fort
Eragjr. • ' ,
ttmr National City, Johnson, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler. 20 hours from Hardy
Creek.
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe, 71 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 66 hours. - -¦
Stmr Rainier, Hanaen, 76 hour* from What
com. • - • . ¦
Etmr Santa Cruz. Glelow, 30 hours from Port
Harford.
Schr Abbie, Larscn. from Point Arena, in
tow tur Sea Rover.
Kchr Esther Buhne. Olsen, 3 days from Coos
Bay. . ,
Schr North Bend. Jackson. 4 days from Wll
laria Harbor.
Schr Ivy. Jensen. €2 hours from Coos Bay.
Schr Western Home, Lambke. 69 hours from
Coos Bay. . .,..-•
j CLEARED. !
Tuesday, August 4.
Etmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka: Pacific Coast
Steamship Co. . .'
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast SteamshiD Co.
Stmr Centennial,- Klltcaard. Seattle: The
Chas Nelson Co.
SAILED.
• • '.'; y- : :' V Tuesday. August 4.
. Stmr South Coast, Olsen. Caspar.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen, Victoria.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland. Mendoclno
Stmr Cella. Devltt, Albion..
Stmr* GiDsy. Leland, Santa. Cruz.
Ger ship Sylphide, Eauermilch. Hull
Fr bark Falccnnier, Harmel. Queenstown
Fr bark Vanban, Le Dantec, yueenstown.
Schr Wing and Wing, Grimm. Eluslaw River
SPOKEN.
July 31, off Watllncs Island, stmr Yucatan
from New York, for Colon.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 4. 10 p m— Weathei
foggy; wind SW. velocity 16 mile* per hour
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BANDON— Arrived Aug 4-*Schr Mayflower
hence July V). . . '
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 4— Fr bark
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Dr: D. Smith of \ Llvermore'- is at the
Grand.' . .'' ,* •
'. Dr. A. Gllsy of Portland ; is at the
Palace. . .
V. S. of the. Sacramento Bee
is a guest at, the California.
! H. Ramsey,- one, of Tonopah's leading
mining men.. is at the Grand.. .:
Dr." and;Mrs.«S.C. Hooker of Philadel
phia are registered "at the! Palace.
'John A'.' Mclntyre,' a \ mining man j of
Sacramento, is stopping^ at the Lick.
'.' John. Ross 'Jr.' 1 , .who Is engaged in the
mining business at Sutter Creek, Is at the
Lick... ¦,.,..:."• //" '. -...;;'-;
,jH.:H: Yard, who is surveying a railroad
route , up the i Feather River,- Is at the
Palace. . .' -,'. _ . .¦ .; , ¦ ., ;/ .
¦ Bank. •Commissioner ". Guy'/Barham has
departed j for. the "East; on* a 1 sixty 'days'
leave of absence..'- '¦ ¦¦ , . ; £.' f»
¦ William L.* Hall.' who has been given
charge of the- United States'' Geological
Survey Department" in Honolulu, arrived
from Washington' yesterday' a'nd is stop
ping af the Occidental, v- /., ¦ " '
.Henry Copeland, agent-general for New
South Wales in Xphdon,.arrive"d from the
East, yesterday.- on i^hls way, to .'the colon
ies and registered at j the 'Palace. He Is
returning home on a. six months' leave
of absence. : .--.• »..¦:."¦,.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, i. e.. at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. . ' 3. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In Charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydropraphlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chantu' Fxrhange.San Francisco, Cal.. Au
gust 4. 13C3.
Hooper was before the board last week
and one of the witnesses. Francis Wal
ker Winch, failed to appear at that time.
He was recuested to appear at the next
meeting and show cause why he. should
not be punished for contempt. La&t night
on the stand Winch declared that he
could not appear at the former meeting,
so his excuses were accepted, and he was
requested to be on hand next Wednes
day to give his testimony against Hooper.
Charles Nounan. the complaining wit
ness in the case of Tuetenberg, also failed
to attend the meeting. Detective Bailey,
later arrested him. He will be called
before the next meeting of the board and
will be asked to show cause why he should
not be punished for contempt. The board
will render decisions, in each case at- the
next meeting.
The Board of Police Commissioners held
their regular -weekly meeting last night.
The cases of Officer Hooper of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, charged . w^th neglect of duty,
and Patrolman Tuetenberg, charged with
using vulgar "and profane language, were
taken up, but no verdict was rendered in
either case. ¦ • '. , -. : ,
Tardy Witnesses Delay Trials of Of
ficer Hooper and Patrolman
. . Tuetenberg.'
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
FAIL TO- REACH VERDICTS
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco IJay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
XOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front <Mlsslon-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fcrt Point; the height of
tide Ik the rame at both places.
WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 5. 1003.
Sun rlfes 5 : ifl
Sun sets 7 ; 15
Moon sets ....2:52 a. m.
O Time (Time! |T1me Time
£ Ft. ! 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft.
• L W jH W| |L W H W
"5 3:45l — O.1!1O:.12 4.6 3:28 2.0 9:30 5.5
fi 4:20' — O.2 11:. n .O 4.8 4:10 2.P 10:20 5.5
7 4:55! — O.2ll2:OT. 4.9 4:49 2.K 10:515 5 .J
8 5:24—0.1112:37 I 4.9 5:27 2.7 11:32 5.2
9 5:.Vi| 0.11 l:ft» 4.9 6:05 2.6 ,.
H W |L TV . H W I, TV
10 0:10) 5.0| «:25 0.4 1:30 6.0 6:45 2.3
11 0:51| 4.71 7:00 0.7 1 :55| 5.0| 7:29 2.1
XOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides'- are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of - the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occur*. The heights given are v in
addition, to the soundings of the United States
Coatt Survey Charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
DISABLED SCHOONER ABBIE
BEING ABANDONED BY
STEAM SCHOONER ALCAZAR.
WHEN Captain Martin cf the
Eteam schooner Alcazar re
ported on his arrival Monday
that he had been obliged to
leave the disabled schooner
Abbi* to take care of herself. A. W.
Beadle & Co. # the Abbie's owners, dis
patched the tug Sea Rover to the assist
ance cf the helpless vessel. The Sea Rov
er came into port yesterday morning with
the Abbie In tow.
The Abbie, while at Point Arena, broke
loose from her moorings and in the sub
sequent helpless floundering narrowly es
caped going ashore. As it was she car
ried away her rudder. The steam schoon
er Alcazar was towing the Abbie to port
when a heavy sea caused the parting of
the hawser with which she was pulling
the disabled craft. Three times the haw
ser snapped, and when the Alcazar's car
po took a sudden lurch to port Captain
Martin realized that the usefulness of
his vessel as a towbeat was at an end.
Captain Larsen rigged a jury rudder on
the Abbie and was getting along fairly
well, when, at 6:30 o'clock Monday even
ing, the Sea Rover came alongside. The
Rover remained In the vicinity of the
Abbie until daylight yesterday morning,
when she took hold of her and brought
her to port.
May Not Save Cargo.
The condition of the British ship Glencona,
which went aehore pome time ago at San Bias
and was later abandoned by captain and crew,
is worse than at first reported, and. It is very
doubtful if any or the vessel' e large cargo will
ever be recovered. The salvers report that on
Aucuct 6 seas wera breaking over the vessel,
which had become entirely submerged, and that
It was extremely improbable that any cargo
could be recovered. When wrecked the Glen
cona was on her way from Newcastle, England,
10 San Pieco with a cargo of firebrick, coke
and pig iron.
Movements of Steamers.
Reinsurance Hates Advance.
The rates of reinsurance on the Milton Park
and Helen Brewer were advanced yesterday to
45 per cent. The Milton Park is now out 127
days from Liverpool, for Fremantle, and the
Helen Brewer Is out 152 days from Sourabaya,
for Delaware Breakwater.
TO ARRIVE.
Eteamer. 1 From. I Due.
6a.n Pedro [Fan Pedro I Aug. 5
Texan 'New York I Aug. 5
Eureka I Huniboldt I Aus. j
ChehalU j San Pedro Aug. 5
Umatilla j Pag»t Sound Ports |Aug. 5
San Jose ! New York via Panama! Aug. G
woronado j S\n Pedro lAufr. S
G. Dollar. ... '¦ San Pedro lAug. 6
Mackinaw i Tacoraa. |Aug. «
I>>1 Norte ! Crescent City (Aug. «
Argo Eel River Ports {Aug. 0
Pomona j Humboldt |Aug. 0
Santa Hoea. . .; Kan Dletro A Way PortEJAvg. 6
Bamona i Kan Pedro & Wy Ports! Aug. C
Coptic j China & Japan I Aug. 6
North Fork..-! Humboldt |Aug. 7
Point Arena..| Mendoclno & Pt. Arena|Aug. 7
New burg Grays Harbor !Aug. 7
Uarirosa i Tahiti I Aug. 7
Rival I Wlllapa Harbor ! Aug. 8
Wyefleld Nanaimo |Aug. 8
1 Do'lar HeatUe & Tacoma lAug. >>
Columbia. Portland & Victoria... j Aug. H
Torona Humboldt [Aug. 9
Olympic I Whatcom & Fairhaven Aug. 10
Kebrackan j Honolulu & Kahulul... Aug. In
State of Cal.. Ban Diego & Way PU.IAug. 10
Coos Cay Newport & Way Ports. | Aug. 10
S. Monica..*.. Grays Harbor (Aug. 10
aueen Pugrt Sound Ports (Aug. IK
Arrata Coos Bay & Pt. OrfordJAug. 11
Alameda Honolulu lAug. 11
Clavcrlnr China & Japan |Aug. 12
S. Batbara... Seattle & Olyrnpla ,Aug. 12
City l 5 aa.anj*. New York via Panama.; Aug. 12
j. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Aug. 13
Atholl China & Japan Aug. U
Ramona Pan Pedro A Way Pt«. Aug. 14
Pity Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Aug 15
Alliance ' Portland & Way Ports Aug. 15
TO SAIL. .
ler. Destination. Sails. PJer.
Angnit S.
EanPedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Centennial.. Seattle &. Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Chlco CoqulHe River 6 pmlPler 2
C. Nelson... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Redondo Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier II
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 10 am Pier 16
JJorona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Cbehalls Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
CoocBay... Newport & Way.. » pm'Pler la
Denderah... Hamburg & Way.. 2 prrfTPler 23
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm'Pler 10
AnBU«t <$.
3. Dollar.:. Portland Direct 4 pmfPier 2
Arctic Humboldt 12 m|Pler 10
laxjua Humboldt 1 pmlPler 2
Maskin.... N. Y. via Puget S"d jpi er 10
Arcita Coos B.& Pt-Orford 4 pmjPier 13
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. » am f Pier 19
Ventura Sydney & Way 2 pm Pier 7
3. W . Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Aucn«t 7.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Anrast 8.
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 0
Argo. ...... Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 19
Argo Eel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Siberia China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
City of Para jj. y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
AueruM O. I
Ontralla... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
S. Hota San Diego & Wsy.. 0 am Pier 13
lUmon* Ban Pedro A Way. S am|Pler 19
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Cinatllla Puget Sound Port*. 11 am Pier 8
AaK-uat 1O. I
P. Monica.... Loe Angeles Port*. 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena. . j point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 6 pm Pier 2
AnsuNt 11.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
AojruM 12.
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Kival Wlllapa Harbor 4 pm Pier '£
3. Dollar.... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 'I
Ansrunt 13. .
Olympic... Whateom & Falrhn 4 pm Pier 2
AturtMt 14. .
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 0
AokiihI IS. I
tea Joee... X. T. via Panama. {12 ra.Picr 40
Pierre Antolr.e, from Hongkong; brig Tanner,
from San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Aug 4— Brig
Tanner. ' from San Pedro, for Seattle; Br stmr
Tottenham, from Astoria, for Seattle. ;
TATOOSH— Passed In Auc 4 — S'or stmr Tl
tanla. hence July 31, for Nanaimo; Br stmr
Kmpress of Japan, from Hongkong, for Van
couver; Br stmr Tottenham, from Astoria, for
Seattle; 'pc.hr Maweema, from Monterey, for
Ballard; Br Jtmr Inverness, hence July 31, for
Comox, B C.
Passed out Auk 4 — Stmr Ohio, from Seattle,
for Xome; ttmr Jeanle, from .Seattle, for
Alaska; Br ship Canada, from Vancouver, for
Greencck.
REDONDO— Arrived Augr 4— Stmr Coqullle
River, from Albion.
Sailed Aug 4— Schr A J West, for Grays
Harbor.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 4 — Stmr Santa Bar
bara, hence July 30; stmr City of Seattle, from
Ekag-way.
Sailed Auc 3 — Stmr Jeanle. for Nome. Auk
4 — Stmr Spokane, for Skagway.
VENTITRA— Sailed Aug 4— Stmr San Pedro,
for San Francisco.
EVERETT— Arrived Aug 4— Schr Taurus,
from San Pedro; ftmr Queen, from Seattle,
and failed for San Fronclnco.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived Aug 4— Schr Orient,
hence July 13.
UMPQUA— Arrived Aug 3— Schr Caroline,
from San Pedro.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Aug 4— Stmr
Scotia, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 4 — Stmr Gualala. hence Aug 2.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Aug ¦» — Stmr Centra-
Ha, hence Augr 2; utmr Coronado, from Port
Los Angeles; 6tmr Coqullle River, from Re
dondo; U S stmr Mohican, from cruise.
Sailed Aug 4 — Stmr Ohehalls. for San Fran
cisco; schr Jos Russ, for Port Orford.
GRATS HARBOR— Arrived Aug 4— Stmr G
C Lindaucr, hence July 31; bktn Mary Wln
kelman, from Redondo.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived. Aug 4— Schr Mabel.
Gray, from oan Pedro.
EUREKA— Sailed Aug 4— Stmr Eureka, for
San Francisco;" stmr Redondo, for San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aug 4— Schr Orient,
hence July 13.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Aug 4— Stmr G C
Lfndauer. hence July 31.
BANDON — Arrived Aug 4 — Schr Gem, from
San Pedro.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Segu
ranca. from Colon.
Sailed Aug 4 — Br stmr • Cacique, for Val
paraiso.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALLAO — Arrived July 7 — Br ship Glaucus,
hence 1 March 24.
GENOA— Arrived July JC— G*r stmr Ramsfs,
from Ha*nbunr, and sailed July 21 for San
Francisco.
BARRY— Sailed Aug 1— Br ship Sir Robert
Fern I e. for .
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Aug 1— Br ship
Tlr.to* Hill, for San Franciaco.
CORONEL— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Calif or
nlan, from New York, to sail Aug 4, for San
Francisco.
SUEZ — Arrived Auc 4 — Br stmr Queen
Mary, from Cebu. for New York.
MAZATLAN— Sailed July 30— Stmr San Jose,
for San Francisco. . ¦'.•
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aug 4— Stmr Auranla,
for New York; stmr Ultonla, for Boston, via
Queenstown.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Aug 3 — Stmr
Oceanic, from Now York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded: stmr Frlesland, from Philadelphia,
for Liverpool.
AUCKLAND— Arrived prior to Aug 4— Stmr
Sonoma, from San Francisco, via Honolulu.
MO KORAN— Sailed July 31— Stmr Machaon.
for Victoria. B C.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aus 4-^Stmr Lahn,
from Gc:ioa and Naples.
Hutchinson charges -that - ¦'¦ the recent
slump in mining shares in South Africa
was • artificial and effected ' by the mine
owners for the. purpose" of ' bringing the
public mind to favor Chinese labor. •
It was about this time, so Hutchinson
says, he went to England to agitate the
subject there. The plan of the mine own
ers is to Indenture the Chinese to Jo
hannesburg and at the expiration of their
indentures to expatriate them. As to
the possibility of terlous trouble between
the whites and the Chinese in the event
of the latter being imported into Johan
nesburg, Hutchinson remarked that hs
would not like to venture a prediction,
and he added:, .". .
I have explained to you the feeling existing
there and you know, what men sometimes do
wji«»n they see that their welfare .is being seri
ously Jeopardized, j What • may happen in Jo
hannesburg will depend entirely upon the tem
perament of the white people who have Just
passed through one long, trying 'ordeal and are
now struggling for a peaceful future. Imagine
3C0.0O0 Asiatics, a class of people who will not
mingle with whites nnd who are 'In no way
their equals, taking up a i residence in the
Rand. That number would .almost equal the
white population, and suppose that some day
these Asiatics should rebel against, the mtne
owners and - eventually against all whites.
What would be our • position?:. Certainly we
hate to contemplate .It. . • i- ¦
If the Chinese do come, it will only be after
a terrible struggle, but whether the- latter will
end' In bloodshed I dare not suggest.-
SERIOUS TROUBLE FEARED.
In April a- great mass meeting was held in
Johannesburg, the largest ever peld In that sec
tion of the world, and by a vote of 5000 against
2000 a resolution ' was passed pledging those
present to use every means to prevent the im
porting, of. Chinese. ..The meeting was followed
by others In neighboring" cities and towns, and
with similar results. . Until recently the Boers
held aloof, but a few weeks ago they united
with us and through their leader. General Bo
tha, expressed themselves absolutely against'
the Introduction of Chinese.-
The general Impression abroad has been that
the majority of the people of Johannesburg fa
vcred Asiatic labor, but quite the contrary is
the case. Agltat.on against the move has grown
stronger and stronger, and meetings have been
held to. emphasize the public protest.' British
officials have been appealed to and we have
received direct .assurance from Secretary Cham
berlain that he will- not approve of the intro
duction, of Asiatics into the colonies unless a
majority of the colonials give favorable voice
to It.'. The question before us. Is, how the pub
lic Is to be voiced,- for-we have no representa
tive Institution through which we can chow our
disapproval." The mine-owners, on the other
hand, while being in the minority in so far as
numbers are concerned, are possessed of power
ful influences. .
PUBLIC FEELING STRONG.
G. Hutchinson, a lawyer of Johannes
burg. South Africa, who has been figur
ing: prominently in the anti-Chinese agi
tation on the Rand and " who recently
went to England for the purpose of Im
pressing the British, home authorities
with the dangers that may result from
the wholesale importation of. Asiatic la
bor into the mines of f the former /Boer
territory, is at the Palace. He arrived
several days ago and is awaiting the de
parture- of the next- Australian steamer,
with a view of returning to South Afri
ca byway of the Antipodes. Three months
ago . two delegates, named Skinner and
Isoyes, of the- Chamber of Mlne3 of Jo
hannesburg passed through this city on
their way to China, where they are now
contracting for- thousands of Chinese to
operate the mines. ;
Hutchinson, Jn an Interview ye-sterday,
said that If the mission of these two del
egates was successful serious trouble
would result in South Africa. Continu
ing a discussion of the subject he said:
People of California have had their troubles
with the Chinese and they can readily appre
ciate our position in Johannesburg. Although
It was represented" at .. the time that Skinner
and Noyes started for China that they were
merely going to confer in the yrient as to the
possibility of getting Chinese, should they b«
needed, we have since heard that they are ac
tually contracting for 300,000 Asiatics, who may
go to South Africa at any. time In the near
luture. • »
MINE-pWNERS' CONTENTION.
The contention of the mine-owners' of Johan
nesburg originally was that the Kaffir labor of
the Rand was Inadequate for tne requirements
of the mines, and added to this was the asser
tion that the latter weie an Indolent race and
not to be depended upon. Those opposed to the
move of the mine-owners have taken the con
trary etand that labor in Johannesburg Is fully
adequate and that there Is no absolute neces
f-lty for the Importation of Asiatics on a scale
planned by the Chamber of Mines.
There are facts which the outside world
should know in order to clearly understand the
situation In South Africa. . ¦• .
After Lord Roberts entered and assumed con
trol of Johannesburg the. mine-owners proceeded
to reduce the price of labor nearly one-third.
The Kaffirs had a little money after the war,
and, being in somewhat comfortable circum
stances, they were not disposed to accept the
reduced wages, a fact which the employers im
mediately attributed to a disposition not to
work at all. In January the old schedule of
wages was resumed and the men began to re
turn to labor underground. Since .then the
number of men returning to the mines has In
creased* every month. The truth Is, the pres
ent wage scale wlll-.nqt permit the working of
the lower grade mines, and the owners con
ceived the Idea of Importing cheaper labor from
the Orient. ! ,,
Rand Representative " ; Says
Bitter Peeling Exists
in Colonies.
Plan to Import Chinese
to South Africa Is
Opposed.
COOLIE LABOR
IS NOT WANTED
THE . SAN. FKANCISCO C ALL , WEDNESDAY , AUGX/SX 5, ivus.
Sailing Vessel Loses Her Rudder at Point Arena and Starts for
San Francisco in Tow of the Alcazar, Which Is Compelled
to Leave Her. at Sea Helpless Until the Tug Picks Her Up
SEA ROVER REACHES PORT
WITH THE SCHOONER ABBIE
12
BAIXWAY TEAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave aad are doe to arrive at
lril ™ SAN FKANCMCO.
(Mala Lino. Poot of Market Street >
• 1IJtTI — Fhom Acocst 1. 1D08. — Aaatra*
— -j nn x Benicia, Suliuo. Klmlra »nU Sacra-
meato 7.25r
7.00a VacaTille. Winters Ramser. 7^5?
7^0a Msrtinex. Snn Bamon. VaUeJo.
'•**' Hapa. Callstoga, 8»nt* Rosa. 825f
7 30a NUes. Llvermore, Lathrop. Stock-
ron 7.25e
8.00a Paris. Woodland. KnlthW Landing.
" MarTSTllle. OroTllle. (connects
it Marysvllle for Gridley, Biggs
gndCblro) I** 9
8 00a Atlnntlc Express— Oitfen and Lw. 1D.25J
S^Oa Fort C«»ts, Marttaes. AnUoch. By-
B -° B ro^ b ' Tr»«y.8tocktoD .Sacramento.
Los Banoa. Mendota. Ilaaford.
Visalla. ForterTllle »n4.25r
8 00a Fort Coita. Martinez, Tracy. LatV
8.00A rcrtv HoitBUK Mercod. Fretno,
GMben Junction. Binford. VI-
salla. Datenaeld 5-2or
¦ xn t Shait* Kxw-esa— Davis. Williams
8J0a sl »«J* B *^ leU Spr1nr ,). willows.
tFruto nwl Bluff. Portland 7.55*
8 30a Nlles. Saa JoMt. Llrermore. Stoek-
* ton.Ione.Sacr»mento.PUcer»llle.
Mary»Tlll«. CWco, Red BlaS.. .. 4.25p
fl 30a Oatolale. Chinese. Jamestown. So- .
9.00a Martinet and Way Station. 6 Ur
Tracy. Lathrop. JL toe it
\iVreed IUTinond. Frewo. Haa-
ffi VlaaUaT Balcersfleld. Lo«
11 00F Sacramento Klrer tiLOOF
3.S0F Benlcta. WTiters. Bacramento.
Woodland. Wllllami. Colu»a.WtJ- .
lows. KnJjfbts Landing. M»ry»-
Tille. OrorlUo and way nations.. 10-55a
8.30f Howard. K Ilet and^r^tlont.. 7.6S*
4.00F Martlnex.SanKamon.ValleJO.2.ap«,
Callitoga. Santa Bosa.... ....... t 2-i2*
4-OOf MartinezrTracy.Lathrop.Stocitoa. 1025*
400f Ulles. LlTennore. Stockton. Lodl.. .*•«'
4.S0F Haywart. Ulles. Irrlngton. Saa » .;8|5a
Jose, LlTermore * *» i.oS*
6 00* The Owl Limited— Frewo. Tulare,
liakeriQeld, Los Angeless con-
nects at Saugus for Santa Bar-
t*firiv ...«.•••¦•«¦•¦¦•«••¦ •••••••••• o*03 m
6 COf Port CottaV Tracy, Stockton. Los *
Banos 'S"xi y
15 30p Hayward, NIlea and San Jo»e ..VS2"*
6.00f IIayward,2?llesand Saa Joae 10 25a
6.C0f Orieout Mall— Oeden. Denver.
Omaha. St. Louis. Cnicago and
Ea»L (Carries Pullman Cv pas-
•engers only out of San Fran-
cisco. Tourist ear and coach *
paicengera take 7.00 r. m. trala
to Reno, continuing thence la
tnelr cars 6 f.m. train eastward.. 4 25*
Weitbonnd. Sunset Limited. —
From New Tork, Chicago, New
Orleans. El Paso. Los Angeles.
Fresno. Berenda, Raymond ( from
«*otemlte). Martinez. Arrives.. 8 25*
TOOf San Tablo, Port Cost*. Martinea
' and Way Stations. 11254
J700F Vallejo <-66*
7.00F Port Costa, Benicia, Snlsun, Davis.
Bscramento, Tnickee, Reno.
Stops at nil stations east of
Sacramento 75a*
8.05* Oregon ft California Express— Sac-
ramento. MaryiTllle. Bedding.
Portland. Puget Soaad and East. 8-59A
l8.10r Hayward, NHes and Saa Jose (3ua-
day only) t11.55i
11.25F Port Costa. Traey. Latarop. 51 o-
deeto. Merced, Raymond (to To-
semite), 7resno, Hanford. VI-
galia, Bagersfleld 12.251
COAST LINE farrow Uaage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
:7.45a Santa Craz Excursion (Sunday
only) «-10f
8.1 5a Newark. CenterrtHe. Saa Jose,
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Sanu
Cruz and Way Stations 6 25*
tZ.ISr Newark, Centerrllle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gatos.Felton.
Boolder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations 10.55*
4-15* Newark. Sao Jose. Los Oatoa and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Pant*
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Craz). Connects at Felton to
and from Boulder Creek t8-55l
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Trom SAN y BAN CISCO. *'oot of Market St. (Sll?»>
— T7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 6.15 F.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:0O $3:0*
t9:03 lOjOOA.M. 12 00 2 00 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE (UroarJ «a«ge).
IV (Tnlrd and Townsend Streets.)
6.10a 6an Jose and Way Stations. 7-30f
+7 00a 6an Jose and Way Stations 8-30f
/800a New Almaden (Tues.. Frid.) ./4.1 Of
17. 1 5* Monterey and Saota, Cru Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 13-30*
« 00a Coast Line Limited— 8top»«nly San
Joie.Gllroy.Holllster.PaJaro.Caa.
troTllle. Salinas. San Ardo. Paso
Robles, Sanu Margarita, San Lata
Ot>ispn.(prlnelpal stations thence)
Santa Barbar».Sau?UA andLoa A n-
geles. Conntctlon at CastroTlIla
to and from Monterey and Faclfle
Grove sod at Pajaro north bound
from Capitols snd SanuCniz.... 10-45*
SCO* 8sn Jose. Tres Plnos. Capltola,
EanuCrnz.Pacific GroTe.Sallnaa,
San Lois Oblspo snd Principal
lnterm*<]iate Station* 4.10F
Wettbonod El Pa«o Passenger.—
From Chicago. El Paso. Loa As-
'*_!; gele». Santa Barbara. Arrives.. 130r
10.30a Pan Jose and Way SUtlons 120?
11 CO a. Cemetery Passenger— Sooth Saa
Francisco, San Bruno I.CSf
11.30a San Jose. Los Gatos and Way Sta-
tion* 6.36f
*l-55 r 8an Jose » nd w *y Stations x7.00f
2.00F Saa Jose sod Way SUtlons !9 40»
2.30F Cemetery Passenger — South 8aa
.__-_ Francl»co. San Bruno 4.35r
1 13.00» Del Monte Kiprens— Santa Clara,
San Jose, Dei Monte, Monterey, I
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa '
Clarii for Santa Cruz. Boulder
- ___ Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) t121B»
A.20F Burllngame, Saa Mat^o, Bedwood.
MeoloPfcrk. Palo Alto, May field.
MounUtn View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. Ban Jose, GUroy (connec-
tion for Holllster. Tres Pines),
Pajaro (connection for Wauon-
vllle. Capitols and SanU Crai),
Pacific Grove and wav station*.
Connects st Castrovlile for 8a-
linss 1043a
.f-JOF San Jose and Way SUtlons 8-36a
tb COf s, n Jose. (Tla Santa Clara) Los
Gatos. Wright and Principal Wsy
Stations t900*
irXc f« n J°» e «nd Principal Way SUUobs +8 CO*
TB.16F SsnMateo,Beresfor(i,Belmont.San
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
* t« Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8 48*
S - s5 F 8 * n Jose and Wsy Stations. 8 32a
700f Sunset Limited. Ea»tl>ound.-Saa
Lnis OUtspo, Sanu Barliara, Los
Angeles. Demlog. El PasorN«w
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
a rn. T ," rrl 7, e8TUS>tn Jo«cia1n Valley)... tr8 2S*
8. COf Palo Alto and Way Stations . 10.15a
•lVSCPMmbrae.t'alo Alto and Way'sti'
tlons rS 45f
aii^OFMillbrse, San' Jo'se" andw'sy'stv
_; "ons *. 194SF
x ««^,!S r Mor^ i S'- f tor Afternooa.
x Saturday and Sunday only.
I Stops at au sUtions on Sunday.
« i"ur«.ro"^ * Sua<UT <*»•
* Connects st Goshen Jc with trains for Haotor*
. vi \l saIU -. At I^e'no. for Vlsalla via Sangor.
t i\£°*". Llne - y Tuesday aad Friday.
Z '&, rTi I e T l* Nnes - n DallT except Satordsy.
y VU San Joaqaln Valley.
. Jl . S* Sanl * Clara south bound onry. Connects.
fjeept Sunday, for all point* Narrow Gauge.
J*"""'! trains stopping At Valencia St. sontaooucd
ara b:10 a.m.. U:0Q a.m.. 2:30 p.m. and «:80 t.m-
¦~=— "I TO SA,^ RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito FerTy
WEEK DAYS-<H°lW*y»
f7:45. b.iS. »:45. 11 a. P".. 12^
RAFAEL TO SAN >TIANC1SCO
gg£t|ali%^tfagBt
B: *?- .'¦• 3S ' ai^ed U> "^rt tTOm Sai » Qnentln.
JrAm VALLET TO SAN* FRAN-
9:43. 11:10 a. «n-. l-»". 4.13. &.1O, * .u>.
1 -ws^-40 3^5. *:», «:<». 7:10. .0:10 p. m,
1:06. -10. TRAIN'S.
7:43 a. »>•• week °" av »— CaxaJero and way
''VlTo «b>.. week dayt (Saturdays except»d)—
Tomalea and way stations. ¦"WBtasjgMMa.
3:15 >. »•• Saturdays— Caxadero and way
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m.. Caza.
dero and way tuitions.
Sundays and Legal Holiday*— 10 a. m.. Poin:
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— GM Market st.
FERRY — Foot of Market «t. ¦ ...
sjfS&B&in MEN AND WOMEN.
<rfojaPtUltEs^fe^ Cs« Big « for unnatural
JgEgfl* I u i d»j».\3 discharKes.inflaumations,
Ob/Em Oa»r»atted |j| irtltitions or ulcer*tlonj
sjgtesT not to twloturt. of mucous niambranss.
g^-ti rwHUCwmi... Pain'.esa. and not astrla-
8f«,alli<t"<HSCHtMOLC0. gsnt or poUonous.
lgg\ ClM;iM,1ATl,0.E!S3 Sold by Dragc»»»»»
V^k CS.1. J&K* or sent in plain wrapper.
TmWhi ¦ffl*TI DT «xpr«««. prepaid, lot
V>& 5P?3KJn3 ».00. or 3 bottiro 13.7).
m Circalat- seat on rsqnsat.
WEEKLY CALL, $1 PER YEAB.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN MY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMFAOTr.
Tlbnron , Ferry, Poot of Market St.
SAW FEANCISCO TO SAJT KAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 3:00 9:00. 11:00 a. m. :
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50.' 0:30 and 11:30
P. no. ¦
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
; SUNDAYS— 7:30 8:00 9:30 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SA2T RAFAEL TO SAR FBAKCZSCO.
AVEEK DAYS — «:C5 6:50 7:35 7:50. 9:20,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20.
6:25 p. m.
. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m
SUNDAY&r-fl:50. 7:35 fl:20 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40. 4:C0. 5:C0. B:20". 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
tExcept" Saturdays. * ' ""
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. ( May 3. 1003. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tion. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
¦ " 7:25 p
7:30a 7:30a ~ 7:45 a 7:45 a
8 :00 a 8 :0O a Nova to. 10:20 a 10 :20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and - 7:25 p 7:25 p
6:lo p Santa Kosa. ' • ;
7:30 a 7:30a J10:20a 10:20 a
8:00a 8:00a Fulton. |7:25p d:20p
2:30 p 2:30 p ' " | 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30a 7:30 a Htaldsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p T:2»p
Cloverdale.
• 7:30 al 7:30 al . Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2«30p[2:30p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| WUllts. I 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:2oli
i 2:30 pi 2:30 p| Guerneville. f 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40 al 9:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al i. ; 110:20 a! 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. .| 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES conned at Green Brae for San
Quentln. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruiia and Mark
West. Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs -
at Oeyservilla for Skagfts Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers. Boonevllie and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs, Kelseyvllle. * Carlsbad Springs
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's
Riverside, Lierly's, Bucknell's. Sanhedrln
Heights. Huilville. Orr'a Hot Springs, Half-
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens. Hod-
kins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, WestporL
Usal: at Willits tor Fort Bragg. Westport
Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo, Laytonville. Cum-
mings. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olaen's. Dyer
Garberville Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka. '
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. : • ¦ • ¦
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all nolnta
beyond San Rafael, at half-rates.
Tlcket-otnce. 650 Market street.- Chronicle
bulldtn;. - . ....
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN
- ¦¦ . Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Awt.
California
Limited...
ro CHICAGO
B^jg|_j8| An Ideal Train
l&iiylilllil] or Those Who
B™TKr*>|f Seek ths Best.
% SANTA FE TRAINS
T*ave Market-street Ferry Depot.
. TEocal I L.lm*d I Local I Ov'rl'd
] Dally I Dally | Daily | Daliy
Lv. San Fran.. | 7:30 a| 0:3O a 4:00 p| 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton... 110:40 a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
••Merced 1:05 p 1:53 p J : ?2*
•'Fresno 2:40 p 3:20 p 3:15 a
••Hanford ... 4:68 p 4:07 p 7:50 a
"Visalla 4:55 p 4:48 p 5:0O a
•• BakersHeld . 7:15 p 0:00 p 7:35 a
•• Kansas City 2:35 a 7:00 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 8:47 p
a tor mornlnc: P tor afternoon.
7 -30 a. m. Dally is Baker*fleld Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
9-30 a. m. Monday and Thursday is th«
CAXJrOBNIA IiIMlTED, carrying* Pal-
ace Bleeping 1 Cars and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
field for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. • Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Daily, Valley Limited. Composite
Car «nd Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
field and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. daily.
4:00 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Dally is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and ¦ East leave San Francisco every
Monday, Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Of flees — 641 Market street and In Ferry D»-
pot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave 7u Siuslito f«rrr Arrive
Saa Fran. *wt *( lUrkai 8t. San Fran.
Week Sun- as f^m ' Sun- Week
P»r»- d> V» M^l days Days.
»:45a 8:00a Jg*££g£&3& 12:OOn STToT
1:45 r 9:OOa \8»S5W«»f 13:»Of 8:3Or
»:18f1O:OOa 3:SOp 5:5Or
Utajisynnlj. iuw TVtwbT 9i30p,trrtT«iy. llVsor
tiCtl? • I 028 Markkt St^ (North Shore Kailroad)
fimOB landSAimAUTO Feerv Foot Market St.
8:00 p
11:15 p
1:28 a
3:15 a
7:50 a
5:0O a
7:35 a
7:00 a
8:47 p
RAILWAY TRAVZL. \ '
I AW Te Points
_ East and Back,
KSI6 One
m^ y V/ mf ti'ti* Fell C
• Aug. 18, 19, 25, 26,
C|Af1C Via Scenic Route.
== For full particulars,
T^mmgm^ Call or Address 623
lliulWKTmlW^ Market St., San Fran-
j^^QM^h C. A. RUTHERFORD,
lli^i^iii Dist. Fas'gT Agent.
River and Chicago. \£&^^8s&*§%k.
Fast Trains^
IS Chicago and East}}
||1 Southirn PaclfJe, Union Pacific and Chicago * North-Western Ryt. ffl B
¦ M.^ S tanc^ ar^ anc^ tourlst sleeping cars, compartment jffM
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; ffffl'
liL For sleeping car reservations, tlckets«nd information B
TO^>t^)t. apply to agents Southern Pacific Co., or to /y^ftf^r
. CHiCAeo'i^ORTO^WaTERN RY.The cresture has fallen rtowly over the en
tire Pacific Slope. Over Or*>ron the fall has
1 »•« n rajiid. Much warrr.tr weather prevail*
over Washington and Oregon. In the Interior
of *'alifornia the temperatures range from V*
to iny drgrer*. Alone the r^art the weather
•xtitinues cool, with ff>«. No rain has fallen
*«-rt cf the Ilorky Wounuins. Hifh winds
l>rfvall in Southern ftah.
Kf>rer«5t made nt Pan "Francisco for thirty
fi<*r» ending midnight. Auguct S:
Nvrthcrn California— ralr Wednesday; light
. Retail Meat Prices.
*The following retail prices for meats are
• (jvoted by the P.etall Butchers' Protective As
i:e£f— Price Roast. 15518c: Porterhouse
M'ak. INSiS^Uc; Ten.lerluin Steak. 15QlSc;
Strtotd Steak, i;v-©lSc; Top Round Steak.
iS^c; Beef Stew. JOr; Corned Beef. tJUlOc:
. Ni*:j> Bones. 4c; Soup Meat, 5610c
* EAL— L«4n i. -,-;. 15£t2Ui-; Shoulder Roast,
ISHOISc; Chops or Cutlets. 15&2OC; Stew. 12%
QJlyC
MUTTON—Leg. 124e'»5c; Forequarter. 85
!<*•; Htew. £&lw. Prime Chcps. 12%&16c
JL.AMB — L*«. Me; Forequij-ter. 12V£I5c:
H mdejuarter. ISt»2uc; Shoulder Roart. 10(J
:2»-ic; Chops, 15(ilSc
PORK— P.oast. lC^ei**": chops. 15®lSc.
The?*? prices do not cover the cheaper grades.
a* it Is imiWESible to quote regular prices oa
: h<>nv
The Weather and Crops.
Vhe weekly rer»ort of A. G. McAdie, section
<iir?ctC5 pf the crcp ar.d climate service of the
Weather Bureau, is ac follows:
¦ • r . .u summary — The weather was 6llghtly
wimier thai] during the preceding wi^ek In the
Interior, but cool, cloudy and foggy along the
<-<.a*t. Grain harvest progressed rapidly and
in *o:pe sections is nearly completed. The
v:«M of early wheat is j>ro\ins much better
»'.«a expected in many places, but is below
<atiy estimate* ercejit in Southern California.
Hurley it- a guod crop In nearly all sections.
l**.t% wheat lias been greatly benefited by cool
'^••aiher in the coast districts, and In some
j.iacta it it r.ow reported Uiat the crxp will tie
uli^ut half the average. Sugar b*et harvest
1 I'i'.tinups . The beets are paid to have a good
•x::c*>r!tig<f cf fr-jKbr and the yield is heavy.
']'¦;- art backward and the crop will be light.
'houph of cood quality. Beans, corn, pota
' < ¦* nnd sumn.er v^etablee are dclng well.
The acreage In ct>rn '.» reported larger than
-fua; in «jine sections.
ConJlJitWis were tuoie favorable for decldu
uuh . tru'.Us than during the preceding two
\*e«-.ks, causing a rapid ripening of peaches,
I'parv ylums aT-1 appleF. All fruits except
kpstcow will yield large crop* and ail are re
!-crted t f cellfnt. In quality. The yield of aprl-
CO$M vjifc much brit<?r than expected. Grapei.
°eo&tfm& in good condition and trill yield heavy
• ii-|f It all section*. Olives, oranges and lem
o(ts are locking well.
Sncrar:i'j)to N'aliey — The weather »'« slightly
warT!!-r then during the i>reoe<!inK wetk. Car
! V hcrvvst is nearly completed and wheat har
'ijft is 1 rogwssin* rapidly. The yield of early
pmstc •actions I* considerably better
- than exT'ectr-d,- end It is now reported that In
e few p!ac»s late wheat will yield nearly half
41 crop. Barley If a fair crop. Grain and baled
!iay art~ tvlag shl! i>eJ. Th» warm weather
• aufc*d a>*ra;-ij ripening' of tieeiduous fruits and
'.••r.tSted erui«-s. Peath drying If in progress
i^n-I iJartiett pears ai-e being shipped to mar
iitTo an<i«cannerj("E. Prunes are filling out and
viiil j;i.-ld a large crop. All deciduous fruits
m re^rted in «xotilent condition and jieldlng
beavUy. G'.tti*-s are doing well and large
<rops of all %'arlctles are expected. Citrus
fruits fir* thrifty.
Coast and bay sections — Cool, cloudy and
i^gfiy weather tor.:ir.u»-d during the we*k along
th* .. t. but in the Interior the weather vu
warmer and nan luverabie for crops. Grain
harvest is prper^ff j\g and In many places the
yuld of wheat and barity is Sjmewhat bitter
ti-.fcn ee'lmated. Co i weather has b»nfBt*-d
:*t» wheat, which in tome sections will yield
nearly half an a\«-rag«- crop. The hay crop is
<4 good quality, but Ugbtor than usual. Sugar
If ":s at Plta^anlon end Hollister are doing
wjMl. The acreage is l«scs than last season s.
» Ota is iuokii.g srdL Hops are backward and
the >-icld will probably be beiow average.
I>cr.s tre thrifty. Peaches and other decldu
<juf :rJiiM are rr.aturir.g rapidly and yielding
neediest crotw. Ajirlccti< in San Benito County
4>rc better than expected. Sweetwater grapes
at Cloverdale are r.early ripf-. Grapes are do
!:.;¦ well and m'lil yield heavily.
Sa'n .Joaiuin Vall«y — CItar, warm weather
curing the i«>t w«-ck was beneficial to all
< rop*. Uraln harvest 1» now nearly completed
in ell eectlons. Tlie fruit crop, which was
pornfwnat backward owing to cool weather, hag
develop*d well and 1j> now ripening rapidly.
I^anre quantities #r petrs and early varietie»
<t rx»ach»-5 fend irun** ere b»ing handled. Un
usually larg* •hipmer.ts of gre^n fruit are be
ing made in Esrtera markets. Cutting and
>Jryh:g cf fru:t are making rapid progress.
tfcsvjr £h:^i::f:-.t.- of wat'-rmelons are belne
5:iade from Frenr.o and vicinity. The grape
c-rop is. Rib Lin,- gjod progress and proml»es to
be large. Water is very tcarce In the dltche*.
is healthy asid !n g'jod condition.
.^ouvhern California— The weather during the
v.(—k «»« nearly ri-rmal. Orain harveet con
tinue* ard is drawing to a cIom in some #ec
rtons. • The grain and hay crops are the best
for sever*) year?, though wheat is reported
lipht in j>ortlon» cf Fanta Barbara County.
Alfalfa is below average !n some places. 8ugar
»*><>ts at Santa Maria are yielding heavily,
vlth a good percentage of rugar. Means, corn
find riotato** tr» in guod coniitioa and give in
dications of Itrge crop*. The walnut crop will
be light. With the exception of apricots, all
aeclduou* fruiu will yield good crops. Apples
and *x-*r» are b. ir.g gathered. Tbe yield of
euH\r.r will t*> larger than u«ual. Peaofhes
and r.ect*rtr*« are of good quality. Lemon
picking c. ntiaues. Grains and oranges are
doln^ Wf-.ll.
Eureka /v:rr.n-.ary — <;ool weather with fogs
retarded grain harvest. Potatoes are improv-
Jtyr; vield better than exr»ected. The plum
crop in extremely heavy. Home orchards in
¦'.'¦ni.fin keciion are taoly affected by rut.
Lo« a-.«»>» euntmary — Continued cool for
U.»> ?'•ason ii' n; the ccast. but warm in the
interior. U*-sn5 and beete are doinjr well.
Thre*hfr.g and bay baling continue. Apricot
drying Is about over. .
; '. Weather Report. ¦
Mer1«I«n— Pacific Time.)
£AN FRANCISCO. Aug. 4, 5 p. m.
COAST RECORD.
~ 5 k k r 2 t
1 if ii ti a %
HTATIONS. § • E
\ § I : i I
Hiker 2rt.»0 HO 4« NW Clear .00
<'erKoa Tj.Z* hi 4« W Clear .00
Kureka ;w.O0 ,VS 62 W Cloudy .00
Fretno ».7G 100 d W Clear .00
Flagrtaff Xi.'H M 48 W Clear .00
Independent* 2t).74 00 64" 8E Clear .00
i.-.t .-. :.i.- .-!-. .j...,<, TH M s\v Clear .00
V.t Tamalpaic.su. U2 7C «3 NW Clear .00 |
Narth Head... 2O.O4 CS W ,W Clear .00 1
I%ocnix •Sj.ijti 104 Vi SW Clear .U0 j
l'ucatfllo. Ifia.2".<>:» f <j 52 W near .00 J
Portland. S9.M 7C M KW Clear .00
Point Ue>-« 6t ,j'
Wii Bluff 29.78 J»2 w SE Pt.Cldy .00 1
Jicrrhurr 2S».Wf k4 4»» N Clear .00)'
Hacr«»T!»nto ..Sii.SZ it s Clear .00 1
Salt.t>ek*> -/».76 f.a «r» nw Clear .00 !
San Fr»nrisco.2'.«.!>« r>4 4S W Clear .<<ft J '
B. L. Obi5po..20.r>« 74 <l W Clear .00 h
San Diego Jtf.fc* 70 ck* \V Clear ,0» I 1
S.-aHle W.«J« 70 M NW Clear .<X) { •
."•;>okane TJ.Ui 7»i 48 S Pt.CJdy ,iX» | .
Tsjtooth rsn.ox «^ 1,2 sw Pt.Cldy .04 <
iY«.!!n tt'»ll«..ai.(l2 K2 r>4 SW Clear .00 <
"vvinn«»mueca .23.Wt s-, .%i \v Clear .00 (
vuim . . .v; .'. .a.«a 10c 74 sw Clear .00
V.'EATirCR CONOITIONK AND~*aENERAL ;
FORHCAFT.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days,. — *i 04L;
Sterling Exchange, sight _ 4 £Ja?
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 ktii-
New York Exchange, sight _ ¦}{?
New York Exchange, telegraphic — m
Silver, per ounce — 54»i
Mexican Dollars, nominal .... — 40'*
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— There Is no spot busi
ness wcrthy of note and rates are nominal
at from 12s Odvto 15b, according to the size
pf the carrier. The chartered wheat fleet in
port has a registered tonnage of 32,000 agalns'
61,300 tons on the same date last year- disen"
gag«l, 06,800 tons, against 40,560; o 'n the
way to this port 355.000 tons, against 240 740
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were firm 'and
Paris futures weak. Bradstrect's gave the
world's visible supply a decrease of l,(j00 000
bushels.
Chicago waa ?io higher, with a good mill
ing demand and the cash situation strong A
cable cald that American Wheat finds little
demand abroad, as Ruesia and India are daina
all the trading with Europe. "'"*
In this market futures are higher and the
cash situation, is stiff, with stock. light and
buyers bidding away above the European par
ity to get supplies, especially in the country.
The farmers ft*** not selling.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, ' $l-45@l 50; California
White Australian,, $1 5rj@l 62%; Northern
Club. *1 45; Northern-Blue Stem, $1 55- Orp.
gon 1 Valley. $152%. ' yre
; v ¦¦ . - ¦ FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ..$1 4S $1 40% $1 47% $1 W
.May $141)% bid. 7 V* * JV *
' • I 2 d.' m .session!
Open. High. Low. •close
December . .$1 4914 H 40% $1,40% . $1 40%
BARLEY— The market 'Is unsettled, rising
one day and falling back the next, it was
higher yesterday, both as to cash grain and
futures, with a fair demand ; for the former
Offerings are fair and the market Is without
any new . features. Higher prices are being
paid In tho country than. here.
. CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 05igl 08% ; new Shipping and Brew,
ing. $1' 13%®l 17%; Chevalier.. $1 20@l 40 for
fair to choice. (»
t FUTURES.
B Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
3 Open. High. Low. Close.
¦ December ..$1 C5% $1 07 $1 05% fl 07
2 p. m. session. ¦?;"',!
r • • Open. High. Low. • Close.
December ..Jl 07% $1 C'Vi $1 07% $1 07Vi
J OATS — Continue firmly held, though the de
- mand Is not active. Offerings are moderate
i and continue of very good quality.
White. $1 2C@1 30; Black, $1 12%@1 20;
f Red, $1 12%@1 17% for common and $1 20@
1 1 30 for choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN — As long as receipts continue as slen
der as at present the high prices will probably
- rule, as there is not really enough coming In
, to satisfy the demand, and the feeling is very
i strong. California large Yellow, $1 55@1 BO;
3 .small round dp, $1 7Ci.il 75; White, $1 55@
• 1 GO;. Egyptian, $1 45© 1 60 for White and
$1 40(31 45 for Brown. ; 2. '¦
RYE— Rules firm with a good demand and
• light offerings at $1 17%@1 22% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25® 2 &0 per ctl.
! Flour and Millstuffs.
1 These goods are very firm, in sympathy wltk
¦ the raw product. *
1 FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
¦ 4 S5. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50@4 6U:
Oregon and Washington. $3 00@4 20 per bbl
: for family and $•'! 0O@4 40 for Bakers'. '
; MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
; . follows: Graham Flour. $3-50 per 100 lbs; Rye
• Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rico Flour, $7;
t Corn Meal, $3 50; extra cream do, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4 25<i4 50; Buckwheat
, Flour. f4 5O@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75: Rolled
Oats, bbls,' $7@8 60; in sacks. 50®8 10;
i Pearl Barley, $0; Split Peaa. boxes, $7; Green
» | Peas, $5 50 per NX) lbs.
. | . _
i - Hay and Feedstuff s. .
I Receipts of Hay continue very large, but the
; demand takes them all. The market Is firm
• for choice and easy for the lower grades.
' All f eedatuffs are firm, in sympathy with
. the raw products. Prices remain as before.
J Offerings are light.
BRAN— $24 D0<g25 50 Der ton.
' - MIDDLINGS— $27@30 ner ton.
! SHORTS — $24325 per ton.
FEED3TUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23@24 per
. ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $20@26 50; '
. Jobbing, $27(ff27 50; Cocoanut Cake, none here; |
> Corn Meal, $33ig34; fCracited Corn, $33 Gftf?
J : 34 60; Mixed Feed, $23<g24; Horse Beans, $30
) j per ton. .. -
> I HAY— Wheat, $10 50@14; Wheat and Oat.
. ! $10 5OS13; Oat. $10 50@13; Barley. $»@10 50;
> I Clover. $0 50@ll; Stock, $8@0; Alfalfa. $0 50@
. 11 Der ton. . , . ,
> STRAW— SO^qOc per bale.-
Beans and Seeds.
There is nothing going on In this market.
Quotations remain about as before.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 60@3 70; Pea, $3 25®
3 60- Butters, $3 25; small White, $2 75@3 15;
large White, $2 00@3 15; Pink, $2 0CX§3;
Red, $2 004*3; Lima, $3 45®3 60; Red Kidneys,
¦ nominal; Blackeye, $2 50®3 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 25® 1 35.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; YeHpw
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 70@l 80; Canary,
5@5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
l?iS2%c; Timothy. 6@6%c; Hemp. 3Vi@3%c
per lb; Millet. 3<83%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20®
23 rer ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, $2©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes; Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes ruled steady under a spirited local
i demand for fancy stock in boxes and a steady
i demand for lower-grade offerings for shlpmcu*
to the southwest. Heavy buying for Govern
! ment contracts also tended to strengthen the
' market. Sweet Potatoes and Onions wen
steady at previous prices.
I Nearly all descriptions of vegetables were in
free supply, and, although trade was active,
: prices tenSed downward. String and Lima
Beans ' and Green Corn were lower under in
creased, receipts, and Cucumbers, Summer
1 Squash, Egg Plant and Peppers continued very
weak. Receipts of Tomatoes were less liberal
than on the preceding day and as old stock
1 wa3 pretty well cleaned up, freshly arrived of
ferings moved off better at slightly firmer rates.
There was no shortage of supplies, however,
and sales of poor and old stock were still re
ported below the quoted rates. Green Okra
arrived freely and moved oft well at steady
i i prices.
; i POTATOES— New White, 75c@$l 25 per ctl
• ; in sacks and $1 40'91 75 in boxes, with some
i , fancy higher: Early Rose. 75c©$l; Garnet
• i Chiles, $1@1 15; Sweet Potatoes from the river,
I 3c per lb.
ONIONS — 60@75c per ctl.
; I , VEGETABLES— Green Corn, $1€?1 50 per I
¦ ! sack; crates from Alameda, $1 5MI2; from I
i < Berkeley, $1 2.1(81 50; Asparagus, $1^2 50 per
j box; Green Peas, 4-QCc per lb; String Beans,
: 2@3c per lb; Wax, 2<R4c; Lima Beans, 3%Slc
per lb; Tomatoea. 20@4Qc for large boxes from !
l the river; Summer Squash, 20@35c per box; j
Cabbage. 75c<gSl per ctl; Carrots, 7ucB$l per
; pack; Cucumbers, 25©40c per box; Garlic, 2&3o
i per Ib; Green Peppers, 25© r 40c per box for Chile
;.-and 40605c for Bell; Green Okra. <J0$i75c per
i box; Egg Plant, 50<@C5c per box.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market was more active than at
any time last week and the receipts cleaned
up well. The demand for fine large young
fowls was particularly brisk and large Broilers
' were quoted' higher. A car of AVestern, the
, '< first for the current week, was on sale and
| cleaned up rapidly at good prices. Another car
I is scheduled for to-day's market.
There were no changes In .Game. Receipts
were light and cleaned up quickly.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys nominal; Geese,
per pair, Jfl 25@1 00; Goslings, $1 2501 50;
j Ducks, $3@4 per dozen for old and $3 5O@4 50
1 for young; Hens, $4'S5; young Roosters, $0(@.S;
old Roosters. $4 50#5; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broil
ers, $3 50$4 for large and $2 50<g3 for email;
Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and $1 0<)«U 75
for Squabs.
GAME — Rabbits, $1 25@1 75 per dozen; Hare,
$1 1'5@1 50; Wild Doves, Jl per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter is weak at 24c as the top for almost
anything. The retailers are cutting up the
Eastern for their trade, which means just so
much less demand for the domestic product.
The demand is very Blow, and everybody is
complaining of the dullness of trade.
Cheese, like Butter, is very quiet, with deal
ers complaining of the prolonged dullness.
' Stocks are ample for all current needs.
The firmness in Eggs continues, with moder
ate stocks, decreasing receipts and a very fair
demand. There is no activity, however.
Receipts were 47,400 lbs Butter, bSO cases
Eggs and 0100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 24c; dairy. 22%@23c;
store Butter, 17fi2Oc: Eastern, 22i@22%c.
CHEESE — New, 12%ftl3c; Young America,
14%Q13c; Eastern, IOMsQUUc; Western, 14@15c
j per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 27%<g2Sc for largo white se
lected/and 254! 27c for good to choice; store, IS I
624c; Eastern, li>©21c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The fruit market was still heavily supplied
with most descriptions of deciduous fruits and
aside' from a fair demand for choice, well
packed etock for shipment north on the Sound
steamer, market conditions ehowed but little
change from the previous report and were still
In buyers' favor.' The canners were backward
buyers of Peaches. Plums and Apricots, being
heavily «upplletl with Bartlett Pears, which I
continued to arrive freely. Peaches .in baskets
were In somewhat light receipt and ruled firm
at higher rates, but the general run of sup
plies in small and large boxes were plentiful
and weak. The top quotation for small boxes
was obtained only for choice shipping stock, 35c
j being the extreme figure for moet of theefferings
A few lots of Sawyer Seedlings in baskets sold |
i at 75©t>!ic per basket. There were heavy re
: celpts of Apples and Pears, chiefly low grade
• stock, and lt was difficult to obtain $1 per
box for the best wrapped stock. Choice ship
ping Plums In crates were still scarce and
firm and Figs ruled steady under light re
ceipts. Cho!c*> offerings of Grapes were in fair
request for shipping account, but the local de
mand was slack and easy prices ruled. The
cool, cloudy weather had a depressing effect
on the market for 'Melons. Cantaloupes were
woak at !cwor nrlrcs. Nutmeg Melons and
Watermelons were unchanged, but prices con
tinued to have a wide range and dealers were
anticipating a lower range, particularly on
Watermelons, which were lrK excessive supply.
Prices of Berries . stood about as previously
quoted, receipts being light and the demand
steady. The only new feature in Citrus fruits
was the arrival of a car of fancy Valencia
Oranges, which cleaned up quickly at $2 75@3
per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@8 per chest for Long
worths and $.1 50f?5 for the larger varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4(ff7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 60«4 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10c per lb.
APPLES— CCc^;$l per box for choice and fan
cy and 35iB50n for common; Crabapples. 25@40c
for small boxes an<1.50<3C5c for large.
PEARS-r-Bartletts, 75c<S$l for wrapped; large
open boxes. 7Rc<f?l for No. 1 and 25®4Oc for
No 2; to canners, $20U?35 per ton for No. 1;
Dearborn Seedlings, 50@60c for large open ¦
boxes.
FjGgt_-75i-'R$t 25 per box.
PLUMS— MtfyBBn- prr orate and 2."i?I»0c per
box; large open boxes, 50^t'5c; to canners, $15 :
©20 per ton.
NECTARINKS — R'ift75e per bos or crate.
APRICOTS-r-lQipSOc for small boxes and CO®
S5c for'lar^i'to banners. ?2Of?.'5O per ton. •
PEACHES— 20©50c for.Bmail boxes and 40®
65c for- large; to canners. $2O@25 per ton; <
baskets from the river, 25@40c. ;
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $lijl 25 for small i
crates and $1 60@2 for large crates from Win- '
ten and the river: Nutmeg Melons, 60c<g$l per ,
box or crate; Watermelons, $5igl>0 per hundred.
GRAPES— Fontainebleau. 40(g50c per box
and liO<??<75c prr crate; Seedless, HOcf?$l 25 per !
cratei other varieties, 7(5c@*l per box or orate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50@ i
2 50 per box: Seedlings, $l(gl 25; Valencia*, '
$1 fiOif 3; St. Michaels, $2@3: Mediterranean •
Sweets.?l 25<?l'50; Lemons, 50c@$2 50: Grape I
Fruit, $1@1 25; Mexican Limes, $4(g4 50; Ba- '
nanas, $1 50®2 60 per bunch for Central Amer- 1
lean and 76e@$l 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, I
$1 50Q2 50 per dozen. _ . i t
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Bales. High. Low. Close.
Atrhifon : M.&iG i;iU fii)% W*
Atchinson pM ¦ OOO BSVi 87% 67%
Baltimore tc Ohio. . 22,000 «2>A 80V4 8OVi
Bait it Ohio pfd .. 700 ' 84% K5^ 83
Car.nClen Paciflc .. 7.000 122',4 121 121 «i
Cent of New Jersey 100 161 161 15(1
Checa & Ohio 1.C00 32 30% 30%
Chi «• Alton 1,400 21 M 20% 20%
f'hl & Alton pfd fli
Chi A O W 2,600 15>4 I4H 14%
C &. G W B pfd .. 300 31 W 30U, 30U
Chi & Northwest.. 1.100 10*H 102 1«2
Chi Term & Trans io
Chi T & T pfd 400 184 IS \»%
C C-C & St L 1.000 70% «0 (M
Colo Southern 2,000 13>£ 12V4 12^
Colo South let pfd .... 50
Colo South 2d pfd -21
Dela & Hudson .. 600 1G0 160% 160%
Dela Lacka & W 235
Dea & Rio Orande 400 2&% 22% Z2 l A
Den & Rio G pfd . , 400 73 77 76%
Erie 2.1.800 2f>% 27 27
Erie IM pfd 5.400 ?«'! «T»W «5}4
ErU 21 pfd 1.300 48% 47 -47
Great North pfd 170
Hocking Valley 70%
Hock Val pfd .... 100 83 H 83V4 83
Illinois Central ... 4,500 12»H 127tf 127»/«
Iowa Central 16%
Iowa Cent pfd 33
Kans City South.. 1.2O0 20% 10 50t;
K C South pfd .^ . lop . S*% *S0% 3«>£
The reipons* of Consolidated Gas to the an
nouncement of an additional stock lesuo cf
nearly $7,000,000 with subscription privileges to
stockholders rve<?mbl»-d that of Pennsylvania's
¦tock to the recent stock Increaae and that of
New York Central to the persistent rumors of
capital increase. Consolidated Gas sold off over
& poinu. The United States Steel storks
formed another center of disturbance. The
liquidation In these was met first with the
authoritative announcement of the resignation
of President Schwab. The persistence of tho
weakness gave rive to rumors of unfavorable
developments In the trade, especially growing
out of the building trade* lockouts, notably in
Pittsburg. Fears were also expressed that the
executive change In the corporation would give
rise to changes of policy, poesibly Involving u.
suspension of dividends on the common stock.
The decline of several points In Virginia-
Carolina Chemical and of in points in the pre
ferred was the occasion of some uneasiness.
Another supposed factor was derived from the
published reports of serious breakdown In the
health of an operator who has taken a very
prominent part In some of the great market
affairs of the last few years. It was not sup
posed, however, that the weakntos of the
market was due entirely to any special cau«eR,
the general banking situation being considered
sufficient to explain the liquidation.
The Wail-street community has not relin
quished its study of the loan position of the
banks, which mi emphasized by the increased
ntrength In loans shown by last Saturday's
statement. The fact that large Increases in
failures in the general commercial nnd indus
trial lines reported by mercantile agencies gave
point to th« depressing Influence of the com
plication.
The attention given- to rumors, which were
authoritatively denied, of the placing of a
la nr« real eatate mortgage loan by tbe New
York Central indicated the dread In the specu
lative -world that the voracious demand by
great corporations for credits will continue to
enrrvach upon the available limits.
The Weather Bureau's weekly crop bulletin
was regarded as favorable, but its Influence
was offset by the renewed firmness in the cot
ton and erain markets.
Bonds were hravy, in sympathy with stocks.
Total sales, par value, $2,725,000. United
States bends were all unchanged on the last
cell.
NEW YORK. Aug. 4.— The stock market de
\-eloiH-d icute weakness again to-day, and after
liquidation throughout the cession, cloved ac
tive and weak at about the lowest for the day.
This rerresented also the lowest of the year
for a number of prominent stocks and near the
lowest for a much larger number. Union Pa
cific. AtchlEon. Erie. T«xas Pacific, Wabash
preferred. Rock Island preferred. Consolidated
Ga*. Republic Stt*! and the Virginia-Carolina
Chemical etocks were among those which Bold
to-day lower than before this year. United
States Steel sold at 21. which Is the lowest
price on record. Th*re was an insignificant
rally In the final hour of the market, but the
eelllng wan renewed at the last. It was evi
dent that the process of selling cut collateral
In loans was resumed on a considerable scale.
The bource of the selling took on the myste
rious character of the recent period or liqui
dation, which lt was hoped had been com
pleted for the present. A number of stocks
broke sharply this morning on account of spe
cial news developments, and the renewal of
the . genera! declining tendency seemed to
prompt tbe liquidation as much as any other
factor.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
I northerly winds In the Interior; brisk westerly
winds on the coast, with fo«r.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday, with
i fog in the morning; light southwest winds.
Nevada — Fa'.r Wednesday; continued warm
weather.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day, with fog in th« morning and at night;
brisk scuthwest wind.
ALEXANDER G. MeADIE.
, . . . District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120th meridian time. San Francisco. August 4:
'< 'S e £ 9 i
STATIONS. 1 3 2 3 lj jf-7 j^ri-3
5 | |= " : : :
y 4 —2.
: : §S : j j
Cloveroale 07 44 Clear 777. 7.
Colusa :. 69 C9 .... Clear
Uureka 5fl bl Cloudy W Lt
Fresno 100 C2 Clear W Lt
Hanford 1O1 OS Clear
I HolliBicr 74 43 .... Lt fojj
Independence . . 00 «4 .... Clear SE 14
King City nO 4S Clear N St
Livermore M) 49 .... Clear
Los Angeles.... 78 58 Clear SW S
Napa 70 51 .... Clear S
Newman 104 R.1 Clear
Palermo 04 52 .... Clear
Portervilie Ii9 63 Clear W ..
RM Bluff 02 Oti Pt.Cldy SE 6
Riverside 02 55 Clear
Sacramento ... W2 64 Clear S 14
San Diego 70 00 .... Clear W t»
San Francisco.. 54 48 Clear W 26
Fan Jcse 74 47 . Clear
tan L. Obispo.. 74 44 .... Clear W 8
Fatita. Maria... 73 54 Clear W ..
Santa Rosa 07 44 Clear
Stockton 87 60 Clear
Willows 01 «0 Pt.Cldy SW ..
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Willows — Grain harvest will be completed
this week.
Hollieter — Prunes ripening, medium crop;
fruit large.
Riverside — Peaches and nectarines continue
to rhow fine quality.
Livermore — Piurn* and prunes ripe.
Stockton — This remmer's fruit arriving be
fore early 'varieties! are past.
Coluea — Peach crop will be light, poor quali
ty; i«ars will be large crop.
Panta Maria— Heavy grain threshing still I
continues here and in Los Alamos Valley.
Clovtrdale— Favorable conditions for all kinds j
of fruit.
Palermo — All crops doing well. i
Napa — Grapes will produce large crop.
Hanford— Fruit crcp in excellent condition.
A. G. Me A DIE. Section Director.
h The only change ef not» on the morning
j session of the Bond Exchange was a decline
j In Hutehinson Sugar at $12 5O®12. Business
| was very dull. The ell stocks were neglected.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers' was higher
, at $14153141 50. Gas and Electric was lower at
i $6 1 and Spring Valley Water at 533 £3.
Fifteen-Thr*e OH Company has levied an as
sessment of 2c. delinquent August 13.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
TUESDAY, Aug. 4—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BOND3.
Bid. Ask. f Bid. Ask.
! 4s qr coup. .1OU%111% 4s q c (new).134%l;«U
: 4s qr reg...l0O%lll%||;fl qr eoup.. — les '
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 6s — 1144
bay CPC 5s. — 105% Do con 5». — lo5
I? C CG&ESs — — O W C g 5s. — 10O
Cal G & K g Oceanic SCSs — RUi£
m and ct5s — 10O Om C R 6s. — 12V
Cal-st C 5a. — — Pac G Imp4s 95 100
C C Wat 6s.lOO 104 P E Ry Ss.lOe IM
Ed L & P6s. — — P & C R 6s. — 105
FOR es..H6% — P & o R 6s. — —
Geary-st R3s 40 60 . Powell-st 6s.ll8U
H C&S 5%s.lO2% — * E GAR 5«. — 103%
H C & S 3s. 05 100 KF & SJV5a. — 120Vi
Hon R T 6a. — 108 f R o f C 6s. 110% 112%
J' A . E JL ec 5 s - — .— .6 P of A 6s
I* . A . R y 5 s ' ~~ 115 <wr» .... 107^4 —
LALtoCs. — — (lal0 ) ...;1O8 —
Do gtd Ca. — — g P of C 6s
! Do gtd Ss.108 — (l9<:5)Sr A.103% —
ht P ! cm £s.l0:i%104% tno5)Sr B. - 105ti
Mkt-st C «s. — 122% <19O«> ....107 —
j Do lem 6s. 117 — (1012) 117U. ¦"
N R of C «s.lO5TilO7 S P C lcg5V.120>t —
<S£C(ofC>5.119 - sDo strn^d. - 'l00%
S £ C o RR^' ~ 1On ,» S P B R 6s. — 140
I N C Ry 5s. — 114Vj|s y Wat 6s.lO7 —
!NCP5s...— 100% Do 4a 2dm. — 100
• N S R 5s.. — 100 Do 4s .Tdm. — 100
O G L H 69.110 — Stkn G&E 6« 05 —
Oak T 6s — 122% U O & E 3s.lO5 107
i WATER STOCKS.
: Contra Costa 57 CO IPort Costa.. 64 68%
j Marln Co .. 64% — (Spring Val.. Si'Vi —
! GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 4% SVjJSac e G&R. 80 —
Eqult Gas... 4% 5 iS F G & E.. 66% 68
Mutual E L. 12% 13tj|S F Gas S 3U
Pac G Imp.. 52% 5.1 Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 35% 56%'U G&E 34>i —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
j S F G & E. 65% —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd*325 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.125 — Lon P & A.. 165 —
Anglo-Cal ... 93% — Merch Trust. — 2*»
Eank of Cal. 521 — Merch Ex . . 53 75
i C S D i r.142%160 S F Nationl — —
I First Nationl •- —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.. — 2273 Sav & L So. 02% —
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Iik.4fH) 100
Mutual Sav.. 05 — Union T Co.2150 —
S F Sav U..6OO 750
STREET RAILROADS.
; California ..200 — IPresldlo 35 45
; Geary — 60 J
! POWDER.
Slant 6S% TO /Vlgorit 5V 4 «
j SUGAR.
' Hana P Co. 2c 10c (KUauea s C. 5 8$4
• Hawaiian C. 44% 4«% Makawell C. 20 23
Honokaa S C 11 1.1 Onomea S C. 23 —
Hutch S P C 12% 12-i Paaubau S C 14% 15
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.141%142 Oceanic S Co T 7%
Cal Fruit As — 91 Pac A F A.. 2% —
»;al Wine As — — i'ac C Borx.l6« —
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Giant Powder Con. a 00 60 00 ,
25 Hutehinson S P Co 12 50
15 Hutehinson S P Co 12 12%
40 Hutehinson S P Co 12 CO
40 Sprlfcg Valley Water 8a CO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
S3 Alaska Packers 1 Assn 141 00
15 Alaska Packers' Assn l-|l 23
35 Alaska Packers' Asm 141 so
10 Equitable Gas 5 00
, 25 Giant Powder Con, a 00 63) CO
" 10 Hutehinson S P Co 12 CO
I 10 Hutehinson S P Co 12 12%
1 10 S F Gas 6 Electric Co «7 00
$1,000 S P of C 6s bonds (1012) 117 75
10 Spring Valley Water 83 23
Street —
$35,000 S F & S J V bonds 120 60
CALIFORNIA STOCK AND OIL EXCHANGE.
OH Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 83
i Four CHI 70
Hanford Oil 123 00 '....."
i Home Oil • 2J5 2 90
Imperial Oil IS 00
Independence Oil 17 IS
Junction Oil 22
Kern Oil 5 CO
Llon.OII 05 06
Mont* Cristo Oil S3 »O
Monarch Oil S3 &3
Oil City Petroleum ' 20 i
Peerless Oil 14 C»>
Reed Crude Oil : 40
San Joacjuiu Oil 5 75
Sterling Oil 3 C5 3 10
Thirty-three OH 8»*> :
Twenty-eight Oil 4 25
Union Oil «S 00
United Petroleum ..... 118 CO
West Shore Oil 3 05 3 50
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Impt ..... 1 23
Alarm-da Sugar '20 00
American Biscuit 05 00 100 00
American piitrlct Tel ,. .-•.«. ¦
Bay Counties Power • . ....,
Cal Central Gas ft Elec
Cal Cotton Mills 85 00
Cal Jockey Club 105 CO
<"al P-iwder
Cal Shipping Co 23 00 3© CO
Cal Title Ins A Trust ISO 00 140 Ort
Central Bank'of Oakland.. 6O0O
Chutes Company 8 50
City & County Bank ¦
Cypress Lawn Impt Co.... 8 12%
Eastern Dynamite-
Ewa Sugar Plantation .'.
Gas Consumers' Assn ..... 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 1950
London & S F Bank (Ltd) .....
Mercantile Trust .....
Northern Cal Power 9 75
Nevada National Bank..., .....
North Shore Railroad 10 00 -
Orpheurn Company ..... 15 50-
Pa^lBc States Tel & Tel 122 80
Farafflne Paint 33 00 . ,
Postal Device A Impt '
Pan Francisco Drydoek 47 00 •
Pausaiito Land & Jerry.,. 18 00
Fperry Flour C> 27 50 80 00
Standard Electric 1* 00
Truckee Electric 1.125 1« 00
Union Sugar 22 50
United Oas A Electrtc 24 50
Western Fish Co
. . ; SALES.
1 ' Morning Session.
' Board—
200 Occidental IS
575 Independence IS
ICO Four Oil ' • <«»
Afternoon Session.
Board —
8 Monarch 50
500 Sovereign 40
50 Homo ~. 2 99
Dried FruitSjNutSjRaisinSjHoney.
) There is not much activity yet In new Fruits,
as arrivals are thus (ar small. But the feel
ing Is steady, and growers as a rula are hold-
Ing with some firmness.
i NEW FRUIT— Apricots. 6%©9c for Royals
. and 9@10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
• 5%®ti%c; Peaches, 4%©7c for fair to good
stock; Pears, nominal at 7c.
OLD FRUIT— Evaporated Apples, 4®5%c;
( sun-dried. 3@4c; Peaches, 4g5%c; Pears, *9
•*%c for quarters and 6©ti%c for halves; Nec
. tarines, 4fe5c for white; Plums, 4®»» for pitted
, and 1©1%c for unpitted; Figs, 3%@4c for black
1 and 4#5c for white.
PRUNES — 1002 crop. 2%@2%c for the four
\ sizes, with Vj'Qlc premium for the large sizes.
: RAISINS— 11K/2 crop are quoted as follows:
J 2-crown loose Muscatels, 60-lb boxes, 6V4c per
1 lb; 3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown. 6c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels. 5c; Seedless Sultanas.- 5c; Seedless
Thompsons. 6%c; 2-crown London Layers, 20
lb boxes. $1 40 per box: 3-crown. $1 50; 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-1 b boxes, $2; 2-crown
Dehesaa, 20-lb boxes, $2 60; 6-crown Imperials.
20-lb boxes, $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb cartons, 7%c; choice,' 7%c- •
NUTS— Walnuts, No, 1 softshell. 12%fll3c:
i No. 2, 10%@ll%c; No. 1 hardshell, ll%@12c;
No. 2. 10®10%c- Almonds, lie for NonpareiU.
p 10%©llc for I X L, 10©10%c for Ne Plus Ul
; tra and 8@8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 5t£7c
I for-Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, 94 6«
, HONEY — Comb, new, nominal; new water
, white extracted. 5%@nc; light amber extract-.
: ed, 6'S^Mtc; dark, nominal. |
I BEESWAX— 27@20c per lb.'
; -I.'.;. Provisions. ,
[ Chicago opened higher, but weakened off and
finished at the closing prices of the preceding
day. The Chicago letter, of Bolton, de Ruyter
& Co. said: "Market Is without material
change. Both the quantity and quality of the
receipts of hogs are In excess of last year. I and
the demand is slow. Stocks are Increasing
| and are something of a load on the market.
1 Outside speculative Interest Is . small and th«
1 packers are- doing most of the business. We
1 see very little to make higher prices." ¦ . , , •
This market rule* steady at the ad vane*
made on Monday, but the I movement Is not
large. There Is a fair demand for barreled
goods.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%e per lb for*
' heavy, 13c for light medium, 13c for light,
; 15%c for extra light, 17%c for sugar-cured and
; 18%c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar- 1
I I cured Hams, 15% c; California Hams, 15%c;
> i Mess Beef, $11 505*12 per bbl; extra Mess, $129
12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $1U;
; I extra clear. $25; Mess, $20; Dry Salted Pork.
; 12%c; Pig Pork. $2S; Pigs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked
i Beef. 15c per lb. (
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
COjnpQJind and 10@10%c for pure; half barrels. I
pure, 10Vi@10%c; 10-lb tins, JO%@Hc; ft-lb j
tins. ll%c; 3-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, OHc; three j
half barrels, 9%c; one tierce, 0%c; two' tierces,
»Vic; five tierces, 9%c per lb. -. , •
: Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops. •
Wool is cleaning un well under a brisk de- '
mand. The spring clip is about gone. Falls i
' are coming In slowly, but meet with a lively
demand and sell readily on arrival.
Hides continue weak and Cow Hides are a
fraction lower again. Tallow has also de
clined.
'¦ Hops are reported steady, and both 1902 and
1003 crops are now quoted about the same. The
demand Is rather better at the revised prices.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%e under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10%c; medium. 9%c; light, 8%e; Cow '
Hides. 8%c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags, i
7c; Salted Kip. Oc; Salted Veal, -0%c; Salted
Calf,. 10c; dry Hides. l«%c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25®30c each:
short wool. 40@5Oc each; medium, 70@00c; long
wool, $1#1 50 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
for large and $2 25®2 60 for medium. $2 for
small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexican, 26c; dry
Central American, 33c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 60c; medium, 35c;
small, 20c. - • -
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4%@5c per lb;
No. 2. 4@4%c: grease. 2%<g3%c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. OtJ
12c; Foothill. 10©12c; Middle County, ll@13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows: Hum- >
boldt and Mendocino, 18®20c; Nevada. 13@15c; i
Valley Oregon, fine. ]S@10c; do, medium, 17@
ISc: do. coarse. 16® 17c per lb.
HOPS — 15@17%c to growers and 17%S2Oc ;
from dealers to brewers. j
Meat Market.\
\
Hogs are .lower, receipts being yather more ;
liberal. Beef is a fraction weaker. Lamb Is
j lower, but Mutton remains unchanged. All
I descriptions are without especial feature.
DRESSED MEATS. . 1
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers :
| are as follows:
! BEEF — «©7c for Steers and 5®6c per lb for I
J Cows. !
VEAL — Large, 7Q3c; small, t»©9%e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@0c; Ewes, 8@8%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 0%@10%c per lb.
: PORK— Dressed Hogs. SliQOUc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound |
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 5O j
per cent Fhrlnkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8#0c; Cows and Heifers,
7@8c: thin Cows, 4@5c wr lb.
CALVES — J@5%c per Ib (gro?s weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes, 3%@3%c per lb
(gross- weight).
LAMBS— Spring. $2 75<§3 per head.
HOGS— Live- Hogs. 140 to 200 Ib3. 6UJ?6%c; I
under 140 lba, 6%@<lc; Sows. 20 per cent off: |
Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
Calcutta Bags are reported steadier, as the ;
cheap lots, which have caused the recant ;
weakness, are now about alt taken care off
BAGS — Grain Bags. 4.S5@5c; San Quentln, t
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%<£> j
Sc; Cotton Fruit Bags. 614c? 6%c and 7}4c for I
the three grades. . I
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit ;
Canners' Association announces the following •
price list for 1903 pack:
niton. . | | 2 | |
¦ j } j j
Apples $1 55 $1 30l$l 2OI$1 10
Apricots 1 50 1 20 1 10 1 CO
Blackberries 1 60 1 40 1 30 1 20
Cherries, R. A 2 15 1 00 1 70 1 40
Cherries, white 1 75 1 60 1 35
Cherries, black 2 00 1 73| 1 Co 1 35
Grapes 1 35 1 S0| 1 10 1 CO
Yellow Free Peaches.... 1 60 1. 3O| 1 13 1 05
Lemon Cling Peaches 1 75 1 45! 1 20 1 10
Do. sliced 1 75 1 45 1 201 1 in
White Heath Peaches... 1 75 1 45 1 20 1 10 t
I Pears 180 150 1 30| 1 15 i
Plums 1 35 1 IS 1 051 05 !
Raspberries 2 50 2 25| 2 10 1 00
Strawberries 2 00 1 75| 1 eo| 1 40
COAL — Stanford, a new, house coal from
Australia. Is on the market. Wellington $S
per ton; New Wellington. $S; Seattle. $H 50;
Bryant. $6 60; Beaver Hill, $3 50; Stanford.
$7; Roslyn. $7- Coos Bay. $3 50; Greta. $7;
Wallsend. $7 50; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland
$13 in bulk and $14 25 In sacks; Welch An- j
thraclte Egg. $13: WaJsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. j
$8 50 per ton: Coke. 511 5C@13 per ton. In bulk I
and $15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
$8 45. per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb 4%c:
cases, regular, 6c: cas?s. extra large.' 5V»c: |
Eastern style.- 6c: boneless. 6c; "Norway," 6c; j
"Narrow Gauge." 6%c; "Silver King." 7%c^ !
blocks. "Oriental." Cc; blocks. Seabrlght, 6%c- i
j tablets, 7c; middles. 7©S%c; boneless, 8-SOe; i
pickled Cod, bbls. $7 50; pickled Cod, half bbls
$4 75.
COFFEE— Costa Rica — 12<0>13%c for strictly
prime to fancy washed. lK^ll^ie for prim*
washed. 10Vi<g'tlc for good washed, ii^.<<i^\\t,c
for good to prime washed peaberry. 8%4»0>4e
for good to prime peaberry. 0«?10%c for good •
to prime. ;7$SUc for fair, 406%c for common I
to ordinary. ¦ . ;
Salvador-^-ll^il2c for strictly prime washed
8%610%c for good to prime washed. 7%#Sc '
for fair washed, 0^10%c for fair to prime }
washed peaberry. P©8%c for good to prime '
semi-washed. 7%@9a for superior ! unwashed
7@7Uc for green unwashed. 7%@»Hc for good
to superior unwashed peaberry, 4§tJc for infe
rior to, ordinary.
Nlcarague — UH«?13c nominal for prime to
fancy washed, S^lOc nominal for fair to I
strictly good washed. 7@7%c for good to supe- I
rlor unwashed. 7%#8c for good to prime un
washed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 1 Iff He for prime
to fancy washed. 10(?10%c for strictly good
washed. 0Vi#9%c for good washed, l%*iS%c
for fair washed. fi@7%c for medium. 4@6c for
Inferior to ordinary. 8%©10% for fair to prime
washed peabrrry. .SfiSVic for good to prime un
washed peaberry. fQSo nominal for good to su
perior unwashed.
CORDAGE— Manila is lower. Th« local com
pany quotes as follows. 60 days or % per cent
discount for ca»h: Manila, 14l«c-!Slsal 11%<v
Duplex.' 10%c; Bale Rope. ll@H%c per' pound'
LEATHER— Sole. heavy. 20®32c; extra
heavy. CCfSlOc per lb; medium. 27©29c; light
24S26C; Rough Leather,' .'2«©2Sc; Harness
Leather, heavy. SSQ-TOcfor No. 1 and nOiJ.tSc
¦ for No. 2; medium. S0e.17c; light. 29«:5.V;
! Skirting, No. 1. 40® 42c; No. 2. 3«@SSc: Collar
leather. 15<fil6e per foot; Trace Leather 40« '
44c; Kip. unfinished, 40<f?5Oe per Ib; Veal fin
ished. 5(Xg60c per lb; Calf, finished. 65c®$l per .
lb; Wax sides, 16®17c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14@16c; Rough Splits. 88lCc per lb.
TANBARK — Ground, $23^28 per ton- stick
Is higher at $18,^18 per cord.
OIL — Unseed. 44c for. bolted and 42c for raw
In barrels; cases. 5c more; Castor OH. In cases
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10©l 12; Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 00c; eases. 95c;
China Nut. 57 %<r62c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels, 75c; cases, 80c; Sperm, pure,
70c; Whale OH. natural white. BOfi 55c per gal
lon: Fish Oil," In barrels, 45c:' eases. 50c; Co
coanut Oil In barrels, SSc for Ceylon and 53o
tor Australian.
Local securities continue inactive and featureless.
JVall-slrcct slocks lower on the day.
'¦ * neat ivtv high and U heat Freights Z'cry Ion.'.
Hurley higher. :rJh an unsettled market. '¦
Oats very steady. Rye firm and Corn still scarce.
Deans and Seeds inactive and more or less nominal.
Butter dragging at a further decline. Cheese quiet.
Eggs in moderate supply and /inn.'
Wool strong and cleaning up on arrival.
Hides tending downward and Tallozv lozce'r. Tanbark higher.
Manila Cordage declined slightly.
Hops in better demand and steady.
Xot much activity yet in nezv Dried Fruits.
.Potatoes in good demand. Onions and Vegetables steady.
Poultry meeting with more demand.
Fresh Fruit continues in good supply.
Prices of Lumber shene considerable change.
I Loulsv & Nashv.. 2.S0O 104 101 % 101
! Manhattan I., 1,700 133 132 132
! Metropolitan St Ry 1,700 110'i llrt llti^a
I Minn & St I/)uis 50
| Missouri Pac 17,700 07 05ft 05%
I Mo Kans & Tex . . 2(X> 10 '10 18%
i Mo K & T pfd .. 000 39 3^4 38U
! N It R of Mex pfd 600 38 4 3SVs JWV4
N Y Central 11.0»K> 110 Vi: 117»i HSU
j -N'orfolk & West . . 4.2OO 62% 01 ' 61
, N & W pfd 85
j Unt & \\ estern . . . 3,700 22% ¦ 22 22^i
I Pennsylvania 32.300 123'4 12m V2XK
! rats c c & st l :; . . j.0%
i RwJIng 32.flO<> 48H ' 401-i 4trt.
Reeding 1st pfd .. 200 81 80% *t)Vi
Reading 2d pfd ... 20O C7 67 Ort
iiock Islanr] Co .. S3.40U •- 23<4 SSlii "IV,
Kock Island Co pfd 1.400 01 69% 69
Et L 1 S F , B4
S L & S F 1st pfd ¦¦ 70
S L & 8 9 2d pfd 1,100 49% 47 47
St L Southwestern 400 14 14 13V
Ft L South pfd .. 600 3O>4 29 2»«i
I" p^uVprd :::::: *?:*?? 1401 - 4 13 t% \f*
I Sauthtrti Pac 2O.700 42% ii" i\u.
Southern Railway . 5,700 20M" 19 10U
South Rail pfd .... 700 85 > 83% R3
Texas & Pacific .. 1,700 25 K 24 V. 24 'i
Tol St L & West.. 1,200 2014 10 iks?
T St L & W pfd .. 400 28 S 27W . 27
I'nion Pacific 54,(XM> 74 71 7fu
I'nion Paciflc pfd . 1,400 85^ M% 84^
Walmsh 80a 21 «^ 20Vi 20
Wabash pfd 4,500 3(i% 84% 34%
AVheel & Lake Erie 10k 15 15 15 7 *
"WIs Central 400 17^ J7 . 16«
I Wls Central pfd... COO 37% 37 37
j Express Companies —
1 Adams 221
i American ;.. i$t
'. United States 100 Silt 09 nil
• Wells-Fargo / 195
! Miscellaneous —
A mal Copper 22,600 40^ 88Vi 3S«
! Amer Car & F 4,200 -32% 31 81 ij
, Aratr Car & F pfd< 500 H3% 83 83
Amer L Oil S00 0^8% 0
j Amer L Oil pfd 900 33 30 33U
I Amer Loro 2,200 17% l"»i Ifl4i
, j Amer Loco pfd 1,600 82!* 81 81
Amer S & Ref 7,400 42% 41 41«
. Amer S & Ref pfd. 600 00 SOW 80 %
• Amer Sugar Rof... 7.700 115U 112'* 112%
' Anaconda Min Co.. COO 70>i COti C9%
Brooklyn R Transit 10,»0(> 4*V4 42H 42V4
! Colo Fuel & Iron... 500 45 44 44
' Col & Hock Coal... 10O 14 14 1;{U
Icons Gas 1,200 183 178% 17s2
i Gen Electric 1,200 l«0 157^i 157 '
Inter Paper 200 ,11 11 \\
! Inter Paper pfd 65
! 1 Inter Pump 35
: j Inter Pump pfd •...«- .... 70
• ! Nat Biscuit 300 36 35% JJo«4
I Nat Lead ' 14
1 North Amer l.itflo 7« -72 73
• j PaciHc Mall 400 20% 19T4 19
1 People's Gas 1,000 94%. 03H MW
Pressed S Car 500 44 43 42 H
Pressed B Car pfd. 300 81 V4 80T4 wVi
Pullman Pal Car.. 300 218 217Va 210
Republic Steel 700 11% 11U \\
Republic Steel pfd. 1.500 (54 63 «3
Rubber Goods 100 13% 13% 13
• Rubber Goods pfd. 100 65 65 K.J
Tenn Coal & Iron. 1,800 30 37 37
• i U 8 Leather 800 7% 7%. t%
MUfi Leather pfd.. 600 80% 70% 70
tfO 8 Rubber 9
• , U 8 Rubber pfd 34
'US Steel »6,7O0 2M4. 21 21
I i i: S Steel pfd 32,900 70% 69 -69
t j Western Union 100 83% 83% 83%
i Total sales 663,700
UNITED RAILROADS OF BAN FRANCISCO.
; NEW YORK, Aur. 4.. — United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions — 16.000 at 75%.
1 NEW YORK BONDS. -
. V S ref 2s. reg...lOt55», Do 1st Inc 17
Do coupon 108% Minn & St L is.. 08%
! Do 3s. r*g 10C% M. K & T 4s.... ««'
• Do coupon 106% Do 2ds 78%
; | Do new 4s, reg.l34V»!N Y Cen gen 3%s. 85
' ] Do coupon 134%'N J Cen gen 5s...l2B%
I Do old 4s, reg.. 109% I Northern Pac 4s.. 100
; Do coupon ltrji.ji Do 3s 71
I Do 5s. reg 101\!N & W con 4s 07
Do, coupon 101% 'Reading gen 4s.. 94 Vi
1 AtchtEcn gen 4s... 99%!stL & IM con 5s. 110%
Do adj 4s 87% |St L & S F 4s 90%
' Bait & Ohio 4s..lOO%]St Louis SW lsts. 02Vi
Do ,i l ?e 02%! Do 2dS fi3%
i Do ccnv 4s 100 8 A & A P 4s. . . . 75
Canada South 2ds.lO5 Southern Pac 4s.. 85U
! Central of Ga 5s.. 103% Southern Ry 6s.. 112%
Do 1st inc MO % Tex & Pao lsU»..114Vi
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO2Vi T, St L & W 4s..- 71%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 72 Union Paciflc 4s. 09%
C, B & Q new 4s. 89 | Do conv 4s 03$,
C. M&StP gen 4s. 106%; Wabash lsts 115"-
C & N W con 7s.l2S4»| Do 2ds lot "
j C. R I & P 4s lOOVi 1 Po deb B 5C%
,' CCC & StL gen 4s. 05 IWest Shore 4s... 107%
I Chicago Term 4s.. 75 W &L E 4s. ..*.. 88
i Colo & South 4s.. 85 Wisconsin Cen 4s. SS
I Denver & R G 4s. "97% Con Tob 4s 54%
Lrie prior lien 4s. 9G C F A I 5s 78%
Do gen 4s 82% Penna con 3%s.. 95
Ft W & D C lsu.104% Manhattan 4s 100»4
Hocking Val 4V>s.lO4%'.U 8 Steel 7S%
L & N uni 4s. OS % Rock Inland 74%
Mexican Cen 4s. . 71 I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief OC
Alice '. 18 Ontario 6 50
Hreece 15 Ophir 150
Brunswick Con 04 Phoenix (AS
ComstocU Tunnel.. Ofl Potosl 10
Can Cal & Va 1 40 Savage 15
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada ; . : . . 50 :
Iron Silver .1 50 Small Hopes 20
Leadville Con 02 Standard 3 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Adventure 5 U
Call loans 3@lAllouez 4%
Time loans 5QC Amalgamated 29
Bonds — Daly West 38
Atchlson 4s 07 Blpgham 22
I Mexican Cen 4s... 72 Calumet & Hecla.430
Railroads — Centennial 14%
Atchison 50% Copper Range 40%
Do pfd 87% Dominion Coal.... 07%
lioston & Albany. 245 ; Franklin 8
t N Y. Nil & H...195 Isle Royale 0
I Fltchburg pfd 133 'Mohawk 35%
I I'nion Pacific 71 U Old Dominion 11%
Mexican Central.. 13% Osceola 50
Miscellaneous — Parrot IS
Amer Sugar 113 Qulncy 85
Do pfd 115% Santa Fe Copper. 1
Amer Tel 4: Tel.. 130 Tamarack 75
Dominion I & S.. 10 . Trlmountain 80
Mass Electric 20%' Trinity 4«
Do pfd 7$% United States 10'i
T'nlted Fruit 07>j Utah 24
U S Bteel 21% Victoria 4
Do pfd 69 Winona «%
Wcrt'bouse Com.. 85 Wolverine 63
Mining—
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money... 01% N Y Central.. ..122%
Cons for account. OIU.|Norfolk & West... £1% »
Anaconda »%f Do pfd 88 !
AtchUon fi3% Ontario & West.. 2.JV* I
Do pfd 01% Pennsylvania .... 03%
Bait & Ohio 84% Rand Mines 9%
Canadian Paciflc. 1 25^. Reading 24%
Ches & Ohio 83 I Do 1st pfd 41%
Chi Great West.. 15%) Do 2d pfd 34
C, M &. St P 144% Soutnern Ry 20%
DeBeers 10% Do pfd 87,
Denver & Rio G.. 24 Southern Pacific.. 43%
Do pfd 80% Union Paciflc 75%
Erie 2»Vi Do pfd.... 88
Do 1st pfd «8 U 8 Steel 22T4
Do 2d pfd 51 Do pfd 72%
Illinois Central... 13.1 Wabaeh 22
I- & N 107 Do pfd 37U
M, K & T 19% '*
Bar silver, firm. 25 5-lGd per ounce. Money
1%©2 per cent. The rate of discount- in the
open market for short bills Is 2 5-l<j per cent
and for there months' bills 2% per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.- ¦
NEW YORK, Aug. 4— FLOUR— Receipts.
42,000 barrels; exports, 735. Market fairly
active and firm. Winter straights, $3 55@3 85;'
Minnesota patent?, $3 6C@3 80, • ¦ :
WHEAT— Receipts, 04,475 bushels; sales
2,070,000; spot firm. No. 2 red, 84%c eleval
tor; No. 2 red. 85%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
em Duluth, 97%c f. o. b. afloat; No 1 h«n!
Manitoba. 87%c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
steady, but soon yielded to the corn decline
becoming steady toward noon on strength lti
oats outside markets. Still later they devel
oped pronounced bullishness on rain in the
spring wheat harvesting districts and unfav
orable European crop news, closing %6iic ni>t
higher. May. 88%@87%c, closed 87%c- Sep
tember, MVi«85c. closed at 85*c; December
6* 15-16S8CVie. closed 88%c '
HIDES— Steady!
PETROLEUM— Steady. 'A' 1 "/
WOOL — Firm.
COFFEE— Spot quiet. Coffee futures closed
barely steady, net 5^10 points lower. Sales
were 10.250 bags, Including: September, 3 7o@
S.SCc; October, 3.75c; November, 3.85©3 90c-
May. 4.4504.50c. . * '¦ w " ) -" vc>
SUGAR. — Raw and refined firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet with desirable fruit steadily held
though demand is light. Common. 4®3%c
prime. 5%®6c; choice, 4»i©4%c, and fancy"
<»ft@7%c.
PRUNES— Are steady with a fair Jobbing
butlr.fs* reported. Prices range from 3c 'to 7c
for ell trades.
A PRICOTS— Rule generally firm. Choice
g£R%c and fancy 10©l2%c.
PEACHES — Continue fairly ' steady. Prices
range from 7c to 8%c. . .
Chicago Grain Market. < ,
CHICAGO. Aug. 4.— Wheat was In fair
demand at ¦ the start by local 'traders, who
were influenced by the continued rains In the
Northwest, and opening prices were firm with
September easier than the more distant de
liveries, opening a ehade lower to i;e higher
at 79%^79%c and 80c The early strength
was *odn ' lost, however, due to the weakness
In corn, and September sold down to 70 %c.
SUMMARY, OF THE MARKETS.
; COAI*,OItr^ Water White Coal CHI la bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases. 2oHc: Attral.' 20",,e;
Star. 20%e: Extra Star. 2Hic; EUlna. 2«Viic;
Eocene. 23 deoderized Stove Gasolln*. In
i bulk. 17c; in case*. 23^c; Benzine In bulk.
13c; In cases. 19}jc; 86-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 21c; In cases. 27 He.
TURPENTINE— 73c per gallon in cases and
; 67c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Rod Lead. ©9
f>Hc per lb; Whita Lead. tMsOUc. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $44 50048 for local use and
$43 50 per flask for export.
SALT— The Amalgamated Salt Company
quotes A3 follows: Genuine Liverpool, $14#la;
Bales, common. $1 00; Dairy p«r ton. $t:t 25;
Half Ground $13 25©12 75; liock Salt. $10 5<>9
12 23; Imitation Liverpool. $13 2&&14; Granu
lated $13 -25'aH per ton.
SUGAR, — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 9.75c;
Powdered, 5.60c; Candy Granulated, 8.6Oo; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.5»c; I>ry Granulated, coarse.
1 5.50c; Fruit Granulated, 0.50c: Beet Granulat
ed UOO-lb bags only). 6.40c; Confectioners' A.
6.60c; Magnolia A, 5.10c; Extra C. So; Golden
C, 4.00c; -'D." 4.80c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 20c more; boxes, 50c more: 50- lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half-barrels.
6c; boxes, 6.25c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent, >
LUMBER — Revised prices show a general
change. Pine, ordinary sixes $l&gi9; extra
sixes higher: Redwood. *19g23; Lath, 4 feet.
$3 75; Pickets. $22®2S; Shingles. $2 35 for No.
1 end $1 75 for No. 2; Shakes. $14 for split and
$15 for sawn; Rustic, $40@42.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. ATTGTST 4.
Flour, qr sks.. 4OO;Hop». bale* ... W
Wheat, ctls ... 23.156! Pelts. No S30
Barley, ctls ... 120, «21j Hides. No 815
Oats, etta 815; Quicksilver, flak 2K
Beans, sks 15! Leather, rolls .. 2a
Potatoes, sks .. S.5O0I Wine, gals .... J8.93O
Hay. tons l.OBttlUme. bbls*.... 8t
I Prices fluctuated nervously' -the greater part
j of the day, but an unexpected advance In the
Northwest market with more damage reports
from that section, together ; with bullish re
ports from Europe, caused a strong tone late
in the "session and the close was near the top,
September closing at Mi»£c, a gain of %c, after
It had sold up to S0%'SS0V&c.
There was a moderate trade In corn and
priee % s were easier at the opening, due to fur
ther rains in the West. Tin; close was strong
with September %@%c higher, r.t O'JVi@32%c.
Disappointing threshing returns were largely
responsible for the firmness in oats, although
tho Ecarclty of offering's helped prices. Septem
ber closed U@?sc higher at .".4.14c.
Provisions were strong early, due to fyi ad
vance of from 5c to ITic in prices at .the yards,
but local traders sold on the advance and a
reaction followed. The close was a trifle
easier, with September pork 7^c lower, Sep
tember lard unchanged and ribs oft 214c.
The leading- future* ranged as follcws:
Articles. Open. High. Lowl Close.
Wheat, No. * —
September, old. 70% 80 H 79 »4 80 14
t September, new. 80 SOtt 70U S0%
I December, new.. , SOtt 81 ty 80 81V*
May S2«,£ ¦ ¦&%¦ 8SK ¦ ' 83%
Corn, No. 2—
September Bl% 62% 51 52%
December r>l% B2^ 61 tt 62
May 51% 62 »4 61% 52%
Oats, No. 2 —
September SS%- 34% 33% 34%
December **%, 35 Vi 34^ 35 H
May.. 3tt%* 37% 36% 37$
i Mees pork, per bbl — -
| September 13 SO 13 80 13 «7% 13 67 &
' Lard.' per 100 lbs —
i September 7 97% 8 00 7 fi2% 7 OZU,
I October 7 77 Mi 7 80., 7 75 7 75
\ Short ribs per' 100 lbs—
i September 8 17»/i S 20 8 12Y a 8 12U,
; Octpber ....... 8 00 8 05 7 07 U 7 97^-
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 2 spring wheat, 81@82c; No. 3, 7(1©
i 80c; No.- 2 red 78<i?7ttUc: No. '2 corn. 52c;
I No, 2 yellow. 52V4«j52V»c : No. 2 oats, . 35®.'5Uo ;
! No. 2 white, 35Vic; No. 3 white, 84J4©35cj
I No. "2 rye, 51 Vic; good feeding barley, 32@12c;
I. fair to choice malting, 47®53c; No. 1 flaxseed,
' 03c; No. 1 Northwestern, 07c; prime timothy
.seed. %'A 30; mess pork, per bbl, .513 30@13 55;
lard, per 100 lbs, $7 70® 7 75; short ribs sides
(loose). $7 75@«; dry salted shoulders (boxed).
¦ $7 DC@7 f,2Vi- short clear sides <boxed). $8 37>/4
I @8 CO; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30;
clover, contract grade. $12@ia 50.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbla 18.C0Q 9,100
! Wheat, bu 123,500 26.600
I Corn bu .. 202,000 • 500.500
I Oats.'bu 210,100 164,900 i
' Rye, bu 7,700 |
J Barley, bu 23,100 2.600
• On ..the . Produce - Exchange to-day, the butter
! market was steady; creameries, 14@18He>
: dairies, l2H@17e. Errs, firmer; • Il@l3c.
Cheese, steady; 10yt@12e.
--•¦-¦ ¦ Foreign Futures,
: .' LIVERPOOL. . .
Wheat— Sept Oct. Dec.
Opening: '• MH 6 3% 6 3%
Closing « 4% 0 3% 0 4
i PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening .. 23 30 22 40
IClcsing 23 35 22 40
('lour —
Opening 31 75 • . 80 20
3185 30 20
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Aug. ¦*.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500, Including 200 Texans. Market steady.
Good to . prime steers, $5 2o@5 50; poor to
medium, $3(^5; stockers and feeders, $2 50@
4 35; cows. $1 5O@4; heifers, $2@4 SO; canners,
$1 50@2 75; bulls, ?2@4 25; calves, $2 60@0 75;
Texas fed steers, $3 60@4 75.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 7000; to-morrow, 30,
000; lett over. 2000; 10@15e higher. Mixed and
butchers, $4 90@5 CO; good to 5 choice heavy,
$5 25; rough heavy, H CO© 5 20; light, $5'35@
5 75; bulk of sales. $5 10@5 40.
SHEEP— Receipt*. 14,000. Sheep and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers, $3 80@4; fair
to choice mixed. $2 75@3 50; Western sheep,
$3@4; native lambs, $2 75@« 30; Western
lambs, $4@5 90.
Neiv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Aus. 4. — As compared with the !
closing of last Friday the- London tin market i
to-day was 7i Cd lower at. £127 2s 6d for 1
i spot and £. 123 17s 6<1 in futures. locally tin j
was quiet, with the inside price a shade higher
at $28 80®«0. j
Copper advanced 10s to £58 for spot in- Lon
don, waile futures thare were unchanged- at '
£55 10s. Locally copper v.'as- auiet and un- !
I changed. Lake and electrolytic ?13?j 13 25, and !
j casting at $12 75@13. j
¦ Lead was unchanged in London, closing .at (
| £11 and $4 20 in New York.
I Spelter was* unchanged at 20a In London
and at the local market at $5 S2V&.
I Iron closed at 52s .'!d in Glasgow and at
I 48s 10%d in Middlesboro. Locally iron"" is
i quiet; No. 1 foundry (northern) is quoted -at-
I $17 C0@18; No. 2 foundry (northern), $16 50®
| 17; No. 1 foundry (southern) and do soft,
?16 50#lG 75. Warrants are nominal.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Aug. 4.— The wool market contin
ues, firm with a fair amount of business. Ter
ritory wools continue in good -demand. Fine
| Territory is quoted at Kiij.VJc: ficcured, fine |
¦ medium, 50c, and medium at 45<fM6c. Fleece I
] wools held firm and. an increased volume of!
I bustness reported at full prices. Quotations:
Territory — Idaho, fine, H@15c; fine medium.
I«^(yi7%c; medium, ISiainc; Wyoming, fine.
14£15c: fine medium, ltt^&lTtyc; medium, IS
er20c; Utah and Nevada, fine, l&ftlflc; fine 'me
dium, 16®18e: medium, lOSJUCc; Montana, fine, •
choice, 18 1 ,4#20c; fine medium, choice, 18@19c;
staple, 19ig20c; medium choice, li)@20c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 4.— Wool steady to firm;
medium grades, combing and clothing. 18#22c
light, fine, ltt#lSc; heavy, fine, 12frl5c- tub
washed. 18Q29V4c.
Nciv York Cotton Market;
NEW YORK. Aug. 4.— The cotton market
opened quiet at an advance of 3IJJ0 points
and closed steady at practically the best or
the day on all except August, which closed
net unchanged at 11.90c..
¦Northern Business. ,
SEATTLE. Aug. 4. — Clearings. $806 739
balances, $269,417. '
TACOMA. Aug. 4. — Clearings. $275 310
balances. $18,500.
PORTLAND. Aug. 4.— Clearings. *520,«27- !
balances, $!>1.4S5. .i T '
SPOKANE. Aug. 4.— Clearings, S418,743
balances, ?lS,r>l5.
Northern. Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Aug. 4.— WHEAT^-Walla Wal
la, 76»4®77c; blue stem. 7U©82c; valley, 70{iS0o
WASHINGTON. —
TACOMA. Aug. 4.— WHEAT— Nominal and
unchanged; blue stem, 82c; club, 78c.
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Page Ftftoea.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE of HORSES. WAGON.
HARNESS. WEDNESDAY, Aug. 5. at It
a. m., ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixth
street. JOHN J. DOYLE.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1903.
14
k HEIjP WANTED— FEMALE— C>a.
>r _____
50 _
' WANTED—
« WOMEN AND GIRLS BY THE CALIFOR-
NIA FRUIT CANNERS' ASSOCIATION
.„ FACTORIES AT
" FRANCISCO AND TAYLOR STS.,
_ SEVENTH AND BERRY STS.,
I. SANSOME AND VALLEJO STS.
I. •— — -
y . ¦
r, ", "' — ¦
_ GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK: GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
- STEADY EMPLOYMENT; EXPERIENCE
j NOT NECESSARY; APPLY AT ONCE.
° AMES & HARRIS,
100 SACRAMENTO ST.
s ~~ : '
= AT OUR NEW FACTORY 1873 MISSION ST.
NEAR FIFTEENTH SEWING MACHINE
~ OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED:
£ INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
. LEARNING: OPERATORS AND RIVETERri
: iALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY
1 32 V, FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS &. CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
l — '
\ WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
. and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
r - ; ZZZI '
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; «t««<»y
employment, highest wag-s. CODE-PORT-
WOOD CANNING CO Bryant and Tenth
f .
S GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season;
trade taught from start to finish In one month
i for $5: positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
- Eve. School only. 143 Stockton st.. rm. 13.
'¦ WANTED— A. young girl to do light house-
i work and take care of baby; references. Ap-
ply this morning. 1137 Mission st.
• GIRLS wanted at G. M. KUTZ SHOE CO..
¦ 103 Mission st. *
• A— Practical Millinery School, estab, 14 years;
» terms easy. MB O'Farrell. for. 1000 Van Nem.
MACHINE girl and finisher on vests; appren-
• tlce. 641^ Stevenson st. j
WANTED — Lady as business agent; stout pre-
ferred; good salary. Box 4640. Call.
i GIRLS to learn millinery. *10; easy payments;
evening school only. Box 4039. Call.
WANTED — Laundress for institution: all plain
work; <25 month. Address M.. box 4636, Call.
¦ WANTED — Competent girl for general house-
work .family 3 adults.Call 1541 Stelner,9 to 3.
" WANTED— Girl for cooking and general house-
' work; wages $25. Call to-day. 1727 Vallejo.
' WANTED— Neat young girl to take care of
baby. Apply at 1427 Bush st.
I TAILORESS as pants finisher and apprentice.
5% Kearny nt.. room 17. top flcor. U
STEADY waitress wanted; small restaurant.
, 230 Eighth st.
: STENOGRAPHER to assist general offlce work;
steady; state salary. Box 4ti50, Call offlce. -
A GOOD second millinery trimmer,- maker;
also an apprentice. 24 Kearny st. -_ -
EMBROIDERY teacher wanted; a thoroughly
experienced woman; must understand
stamping and have complete knowledge of
art needlework; state experience, references
and salary expected. Address box 4950. Call.
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. San Francisco.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS.
WANTED — Experienced feeder on ruling ma-
chine. Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741
Market st. ' ¦
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory, Central
ave. and Waller st. ' t
WANTED — Sales'.ady; give reference and wages
Expected. Box 462K, Call. •
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
GIRL for general housework; references; wages ¦
$20. Apply forenoon, 1724 Turk st.
A NEAT girl for general housework. Call 2706
Sacramento st. - -
til HI. :ur general housework: plain cooking;
?mall family; upper flat. 1444 O'Farrell st. '
GIRL wanted for general housework and asslit
ln bakery. 1794 Halght st. j
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 0 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object. ;
; ELDERLY German Catholic woman: cooking
and housework; $7 par week. 1071 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions ?
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Ftllmore «t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
| WANTED — HALE.
' AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St.. nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405. :
FREE FARE— FREE FARE. J
NEVADA AND UTAH.
We ship dally; S P. Co.'s Own Work.
000 laborers, $2 day.
490 section hands, all parts of California. j
Bakersfleld. Fresno, Sacramento and many
- other points.
S. P. R. R. Co.'s Own Work.
FREE FARE: — FREE FARE.
EVERY DAY.
CHATSWORTH PARK— FREE FARE,
10 tunnclmen, $."> a day.
10 drillers and muckers. $2 25 a day. ¦
15 laborers, near city $2. J
10 drillers. $2 25.
BUTTE COUNTY— CHICO. j
R0 teamsters and rockmen. $2 50 a day.
50 laborers and axmen, (2 25 a day.
COAL MINERS. *
FREE FARE— OREGON.
25 miners. $1 a ton. - Z
.3 woodcheppers, oak. 2 tiers. 16-lnch. $1 75 a
cord.
12 laborers. $1 50 a day and board. . "V
2 carriage setters, eawmlll. $65 and found.
Edgerman, $80 and board. "
Camp cook. $55 a month. l
CAL. EMP. AGENCY.' M Third st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery. ~\2. 5
Houseman, $25; second cook,. $50; night '
waiter. $40; 2 laborers, $1 found; porter, $25. g
WANTED— 20 carpenters for rough .work; $3
per day and found.- MRS. NORTON. 313 «
Sutter st. -, ¦•>•¦,- ¦,¦ ..¦•¦*:•¦¦¦¦¦¦¦•
AN errand boy this office. . C. R. HANSEN & ~
CO.. 429 Bush st. - ! ' ¦ ' - . ¦ ¦ *
WANTED — Experienced drapery salesman. T
Apply, between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE-
BROS.' ,
WANTED — Young man who Is thoroughly ex- "J
p^rlenced in men's furnishings. • Apply be-
twecn 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
TRY our men's shoes,' union made, at $1 per ~
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50, or orthopedlo c
shoes. $3 50; best shoes' on earth. 11 Third
•t..- Examiner building. 6 doors from Market. ~
GOVERNMENT positions— Examinations soon;
write for free circular 14, giving various po- —
sltlons, .salaries, etc. Polytechnic ¦ Business G
Collese, Oakland. Cal. . ¦ I
BAN FRANCISCO CALL
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street,
corner ¦ Clay ; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Lerkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1641 Mission street: open until 20 p. m.
£2C1 Uarket street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntll 9 "p. m.
1*6 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia Etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreels; open until 9 p. m.
2"00 Flllmore «reet: open until 9 p. rn.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2. R. and S. «
M.. will meet THIS (WEDXESUAY) VY
EVENING. August 5. at » o'clock, tor /V\
business and degrees. 13y order of the
T. 1. M. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Kccorder.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and »
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS (WEU-VY
NESDAY) EVENING at 8 o'clock. /W\
THEO. FROLJCH, Secretary^
CROCKETT Lodce No. 139, F. and A. «>
M. — Stated met ting and Third DeKtee'S/Kp
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING at /V\
7:30 o'clock. H. TOKTRIEDE, Sec.
KXCEI^IOR IxxJ^e No. 1«6. F. and A. _
M.— Stated meeting THIS t\VEUXES-VY
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7, I. O. £t jj
O. F. — The officers and the Funeral
Committee of the above named en- VV
carr.pment are hereby notified to as- f X
tumble at Odd Fellows' Hall. cor. Market
«nd Seventh ets., en WEDNESDAY, Aug. 5,
1903, at 1 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of
attending the funeral of our late Brother P.
Ch., P. DIEDR. BECKER. By order
FRED L. HORN. Ch. P.
CHARLES QUA ST. Financial Scribe.
CONCORDIA Lodge No. 122. I. O. ¦y-^nv^,
O. F.—The Funeral Committee ->§»BHfc_i
:t hereby n^:if)H<J to assemble at
Odd Fellows' Hall. WEDNES- • > 3nWI^ r
DAY, Aug. 5, at 1 o'clock p. m.. to attend
the funeral of our late brother, D1EDR1CH
BECKER, deceased. WM. MEYER, ti. G.
CHRIST ROEBER. Secretary.
FIDELITY -Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. v&«r*',_
V —Brothers are instructed to at- -¦^J^SfeS^c.
tend the funeral of cur late "^v^Sf v«Sr
brother. O. J. SHATTLXK. at 1 '*Qfc<ftW^
o'clock p. m. to-day (Wednesday), from Me-
morial Hall, I. a O. F. building.
J. R. CASIDY. N. G.
A. G. MEYER. Recording Secretary.
MORSE Lodge No. 257. I. O. O. F.
—Initiation THIS evening. .^SifiNt*--
Ai.jru.-t .'•. A:i members are re- *Ks3SB2?§?
quculed to be present. Visitors '¦^SWW'^
welcome. W. H. FELDCAMP, N. G.
C. BRIN'D. Roc. Stc
NATIONAL i'i ' n r r " i I iliiii ~
nla Council, rcef-s TO- _}jl
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. >^-_ZK_S»
Fourth et., at 8 o'clock.
Visiting friends cordially invited: Initiation.
By crdcr E. A. M. GILBERT. President.
C. H. VAX ORDEN. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
fall. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Vnited States or Canada ore year for il.
yrftstrf paid.
AGENTS WASTED.
WANTED — 2 or 3 house to house canvassers;
gr>od position for first-class men. Apply at
1114 Washington Et.. Oakland, bet. 9 and 12
a. m.. room 3.
$2^ for 100 ccrying letters; steady employment.
Particulars EVERETT NOVELTY CO.. P.
<~>. box 2453. San Francisco.
LADIES and men canvaspert on premium books;
falery und coir.misfion. 1021 Mission Bt.
ASTKOLOGY. , \ ~~
Astrology taught, horoscopes ca*t. Prof. Ray-
mond, bookrtire, «4S» Ell;s. By mall If certred. |
"*~~~** < '~ — """^ *~ ~*~***~— ~— ~— ¦— — ¦» i
ATTOUAEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE FREE^ ALL LEGAL MATTERS. "
DIVORCE AND PROBATE CASES.
No pay in advance — No charge without
Euccees; estates, attachments, ia.-r.a •;--».
R. C. ADAMS.
Room 316. third floor. Examiner building.
RCBT. W. KING, atty-at-iaw. Examiner V)d..
rm. £11; all caees. damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc. .onsultat*..~<u
Ire*; no ad\-ance charges; call or write.
eveo-ags by appointment. Tel R»d 3C01.
PKCHPT atteatlon to all cases; divorce, estate^
collections; no tees unless successful; call or
«rite; eves. Tues. ar.d Frl.; est. 15 yrs. El>-
WARD ACKLEY. 927 Market: tel Jessie 1-iO.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost ln meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cates: no fees ln advance; open every even-
isg. J. M. THURSTON. 818 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;quick. quiet;
no charge without success; established 15 yrs
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market »t.. opp. Hale's.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et. ; consultation free ; no fees in advance.
AITKEN «c AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 3UV-10-U
Clunie bldg., 503 California St.; tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at Jaw. ftS Mir-
kx »t . room 23: legal advice: bank refs.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
10UNG talking parrots,$5 each ;Gertnaa singing
canaries, $2; we will try to please rou;every-
thmg In our line at right prices. 154C Market.
EURE "MONBIF^BIG DlVlDENDS '
CATTLE RAISING.
We will take your cattle and raise them
for a chare of the profits, guaranteeing you
a certain increase.
II Ten. Invest your money with us will guaran -
to* jtu a fixed Income, cecured by the best
et collateral.
Back references. Al management.
CALIFORNIA CATTLE AND LAND CO..
C51-6C1 Hayward bldg.
TTE desire the services of hustlers in every sec-
tion of the oountry as representatives; i<ersons
of standing ability can earn handsome in-
comes representing us a part, or all. of their
time; our plan Is new; no money or experi-
ence required: this proposition will pay you
handsomely ; do not tall to investigate it; full
particulars free ui>on request. Address Mer-
chants' Brokerage and Commission Ca Gay
building. St. Louis. Mo.
WANTED — To establish an acency for San
Francisco and vicinity for the sale of the
Carter Acetylene Gas Generators- are the
pioneers of the business; have the most sim-
ple, efficient and economical machine in the
inarket; favorable terms will be offered to
en experienced party. Address Niagara Falls
Acetylene Gas Generator Co.. Niagara Falls
Xew York. ~^
$1000 — CIGAR etore nf-ar Market and Third
$700— Cigar ftore in wholesale district
$1000— Old *>Etabllshcd wood & coal business.
$11.000 — Ladies' fum. end art store; bargain'
OCCIDENTAL INVESTMENT AND REAI^
TY CO.. SIS Kearny et.
RESTAURANT business adjoining the Union
Iron Works, with all fixtures and stock- will
•eat 100 people: will be told at a great Kacri-
fi^- a .£ r w. ch<ulce ' AppIy H ' LEHRKB-
SONS, 600 Minnesota st.
LARGE general store. Santa Clara Counts-
.efock and buildings. tOK«»ber or separate to
<-xch_nige for ranch. 5IOSSMAK. bSO Market.
TOP. eale— Press cigar etore, 117 Ellis B t ¦
owner must l'-ave city. Call after 1 o'clock!
FIRST-CLASS bowling alleys in lively bay
town for rent. Address box 4638, Call.
FOR sale — Grocery: will sell to auctioneer
iMRS. A. M. SMITH. 1250 Eanches st.
BUTCHER shop for. sale; on corner; good lo-
rallty; doing nice business. Box 4648, Call.
$275 BUYS paying eJgar etore to-day: new
¦stock; bargain; register; rent $15. 219 Third.
RESTAURANT; rushing business; seating 52;
xnap: no Sunday work; departure. bdu
Fourth -el.
SAVINGS bank depositors— A silt-edge 5 per
c«r.t eecurity ln «nal! lots. Address by mall
HENRY BROCK. 731 Baker et.
fSOOO WILL buy Interest in long-established
«h. lrta> and commission business; lnvet-t-
rrrer.t will pay 15%. Box 4274. Call.
FIRST-CLAES bakery for Eale in country
town. Address Box S05. Call office. Oakland.
SALOON for sale. 6W. cor. Eddy and Stelner
streets. ;
Halrdressing parlor* ;cheap: value in sight: rood
location; retiring. X1S3 Market, bet. 7th-8th.
GENERAL blackEmllh and shoeing chop; good
location. 15 gpear Bt.
OUTSIDE route Ho. 4 this paper for eale.
Inoulre hardware store, lftth and Folsom sts.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected epeedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCT., r. 85. 916 Market;
tel. Red 618; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
ciry or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, room* 0-10; tel. 65S0. ,
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140 $4000
6S rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good Income: rent $20 S50
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease. 650
120 rooms; good lease; low rent 6500
67 rms.: apartments; Western Add; rent, zao
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. flats, 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny St. ,
MARICO* GRIFFIN, rm. 40C, Examiner bldg. —
Hotels. Apartment Houses, Flat* and
ROOMING HOUSES. A BIG FREE LIST.
$750—8 ROOMS, furnished; men roomers; medi-
cal agency: 2 yrs. lease. Mossman.850 Markt.
Si * nuTP * x<18ta f:
JOHN SLATER'S circle to-night at 8:15
eharp; readings 10 to 4. 336 O'Farrell Bt.
ETHEL CRINDLE, materializing seance. Wed.
eve., also Thursday p. m. ; 5Oc. 1115 Post st.
PHYSICAL seance to-night. 8 o'clock. 25c;
readings dally, 50c. 518 Ellis st.. lower floor.
MME. SWANSOX. spiritual medium and card
reader. 17 Fourth Et. ;
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; ceances Sunday and Thursday.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening.
25c: sittings. 1000 Harrison st.. cor. Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS. I
A— CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever ln San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; in fact. I .will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, make* you successful and prosperous,
; cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 16 a. m. to
8 p. m.; Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'FarreU St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly. glve» an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are ln trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied ln life, or have do-
mestic love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life- 25c up; satisfaction guaranteel: read-
lncs by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR. yje Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
it., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mai 1 . as satisfac-
tory as ln person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5: send lock of hnlr. date and year
of birth: don't send currency. S:nd postofflce,
Wfclls-Fargo mcrey order or registered letter.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant nnd
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles. 5te; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
nnd clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
A— MME. DE CASTRO, palmist and card read-
er. gives advice en all affairs of life; many
men made a fortune on her advice; unhappy
couples reunited; by mail, 10 questions, $1.
2S2 Seventh St., near Folsom.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin near Grove.
A — Mm* Ravenna reads llfr. business advice;
nemes given: 25c up. 5 4th st . near M*ncet.
MME. MARSEAl'. clairvoyant card reader. 25c;
love, life and business. 545 Minna st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader ln city.
2C>4 Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. gents 60c
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant card reader: slt-
tinirs dally. 44 c '.-i Jessie St.. bet. 5th an.i 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
flcor. without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big. : phone Main 5217
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPATJLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Wrrks. 3.15-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen.
j proprietor. 329 Guerrero et.. tel. Mission 43.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating:
rrattrersea made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
AJ-vaNo: <.arpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main .^4 CEO VVAI.COM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
CT Ooldgn Oat« nve. : telpnhnne Kast 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
I DUN'LAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— AU
al>ments of the feet rur?d: corn*, bunions. etc.
COTTAGES WANTED.
I WANTED — Cottage, flat, 4 sunny rooms, bath;
unfjrniyhM. Box 4273. Call.
! DENTISTS.
DRTlTuDlX'SrTuLLr 1443 M^k^et7~mTEIeventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting, 50c; gas given.
A XEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
•warranteij 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
platps. $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth St.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings,25c.
GOLD fillings 75c. silver 35c. crowns $2, no
pain: ir^n Sunday. Dr.O.B. Hewitt .204 Sutter.
C. S. DUCKETT. Dentist, 838 Market St.— All
work guaranteed first class.
10 PER CENT eft this, month; estimates fre<!.
New York Dentists. 9C9 Mission «t.. cor. Cth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Cal'..
16 pagcB. In wrapper, for mslilnr. t\ per year.
DRKMWAKBBil St SEAaiSTHESSKS.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Any Dattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, surburst & knife plaiting, Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
PTE-TO ABTP CX.EA-JIKQ.
EEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3«15 Sacramento; phona
lor wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. prea.
EDIJCATIONAL^
A — CALDWELL. ' College of Oratory. Acting?
Opera ar.d Authorship; largest in the West;
14 teacher*; pobilions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day & evtning class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 12*j5 Market, cor. Ninth.
BAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand fastest,
eaisiftt. most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
DANCING — An evening class Is forming now
for private Instruction; ladies and gentlemen
only, trrnre. $5 per month: must give name
and residence. Address A. D.. box 461U
Call offlce.
HEALLVS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
K.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; lllug. catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had- In-
d pitted by official court reporters. 1382 Mkt.
DANCING— Prof. Drew'a studio of society
dancing, culture of graces. 36 Geary st.,
room 43; ladles' and gentlemen's private in-
structlon; reception dally; phone Black 373S.
AYRKS. the It ..ding business college, 723 Mar-
ket at. ; special summer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ahlp. f50; day and evening teesions.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; est. 20 years; 1412 Polk St., bet.
Pine and California; adult class now open;
- children's class will open Sat. aft.. Aug. 15.
THE ,J? erlltz School of Languages has removed
to 10OO van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
euiamer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, dec, mln.. roech.,«ur-
) e> 'v' S m y ' cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der NalHen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial Collece. Van Ness^ and
Golden Gate aves S,F.;fllls every requirement
DANCING TuesdaJ, Thursday. Saturday* and
Bunday evening! at Teutonla Hall, Howard
St.. near Mnth; management Prof. Foster. !
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrtdty.24 Post
St.. 6. F.; a practical school of engineering-
complete equipment. Special catalogu^ree-.'
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day anJ
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st. ... fright c\£
SrANISH Academy— Professor Arribas ; classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Paint-
Ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.wrltlng
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6thl
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. lothT
Plttman ehorthand. typing, bookkpg.. $8 mo.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents— The Weekly Call
1« paxes, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post et.: teU Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlsnes best help; con tracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese.
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 8752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce, 41!
6tockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help a'
Leon Seung's, 411M> O'Farrell: tel. East 426
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main C188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE!.
BY two first-class Scandinavian, also Ameri-
can cooks; best of references; city or coun-
try; $35; 3 years' reference. Apply to J. ,F.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
RELIABLE, competent woman wlehes position
as cook; first-class references; understand*
French and German cooking. C24- Steven-
son st. »
MOTHER and daughter would like to wort
together in the country as cook and helper
or to assist with children; wages $30 to $35.
Box 4286. Call.
SWEDISH girl, first class cook, ¦ wishes posi-
tion in private family. * Call 136A Four-
teenth st.
BY middle-aged American woman, position as
housekeeper in small family; country pre-
ferred. Address Housekeeper, 1 Polk st.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing,
ironing, house-cleaning; $1 50 per day. MRS.
S1EBOLD, 820 Folsom st
A CAPABLE woman wants cook's position on
ranch, camp or small bearding-house. 946
' Harrison «t. room 15, second floor.
A RELIABLE woman would like washing and
house-cleaning by the day. Inquire 125 Oak
st.. basement.
A RELIABLE woman would like washing or
house-cleaning for Thursday. Inquire 1050
Howard st.
WOMAN desires to do laundry or any kind of
work Thursdays. 204 Lily ave.
WANTED — Situation by, a good cook where
there Is a second girl; references. 2207% Pine.
WOMAN wants position as housekeeper ln pri-
vate family. Apply 811 Mission st.
AS chambermaid ln lodging house or hotel,
north of Market and east of Larkln St.. by
woman 30 years old; sleeps at home. Answer
box 4634. Call offlce.
COOK and laundress wants situation; city or
country. Call for two days 23V4 Folsom ave.,
near Eighth st., off Folsom.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wants room ln ex-
change for her service. Box 4627, Call offlce.
JAPANESE girl wants position; willing to do
work In the city. Box 4637, Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
AN up-to-date landscape gardener and artistic
florist, rustic wood and cement and rock
worker wants permanent position; married;
no children; German. 33 years old; best of
references. Box 4645, Call.
MECHANICAL engineer, university graduate,
age 28. 5 years' experience In drawing room,
seeks immediate engagement in or near San
Francisco. Box 4641, Call.
CLERICAL situation desired by young man
with experience ln offlce of wholesale grocery
house. Address Box 42S5, Call. '
YOUNG man and wife (no children) desire em-
ployment ln country; man grape picking or
any suitable work; wife light housework:
first-class references. Address A. A., 615
Larkin st.
STEWARD— Position wanted by a good all-
round man in hotel or club; the best of
EaFtern and California references. Address
H. REMIS, 3215 Laguna Bt.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
Fituation In grocery store and barroom: flrst-
clabs references. W. BOHLING. 417 Kearny.
WANTED — Situation as watchman or to drive
team: an American. Box 4287. Call offlce.
JAPANESE man and wife would like situa-
tion to do general housework. M. FRANK,
1909 Flllmore st.
roiTNG Japanese boy wishes situation as
schoolboy. T. UEHARA. care Buddhist Mis-
glon. 807 Polk st. Telephone Polk 3S02.
JAPANESE wishes work as a school- boy near
Crocker Grammar School. 810 Stockton st.
S. OKUTA.RO.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received »t Cull branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦•ci-vTlrtlom hsi been established at 1096
v»l»rcla st
. FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stoci
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten anc
6old; stock accepted for services. Sei.d foi
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATEfc
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 32tf Post.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and
truuble. Cordfs, Furniture Co., 245-259 Gear>
St.. on the square.
A SUNNY corner upper 6-room flat, basement;
half block from Market st., within 13 min-
utes' ride of Golden Gate Park; Castro and
Elghteenth-st. cars. S943 Seventeenth et.
LIBERTY, 221, near Dolores — Flat of 5 rooms;
bath, y&e; cheap rent.
NEW upper flat and large attic. 2707 Twenty-
first st.
A LOWER flat of 3 rooms, ln rear. 2 Hay-
ward st.. oft Harrison, near Sth; rent $J.
TO iet— Flat of four rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post «t.
2 NEW flats of 5 and 6 rooms: strictly modern;
lots of light and sun. 1509 Grove st.
$11 — SUNNY upper flat; 4 rooms. Apply 413
Hyde st.
$11— COTTAGE of 4 Funny rooms, yard. 132
Rose ave.. bet. GouRh and Octavia sts.
FUM..MTUUB FOM SALE.
ODD pieces of furniture for sale at 1044 Bush
etreet.
» FCJRMTUItE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
SAX.-* WANTED.
WANTED — Hall for meeting purposes, once a
week. F. J. PERKINS. 133 Ninth Bt.
11KLP WAATUU— KKMALK.
A^F^Tl^rfrrN^Eir^C^/sTrHeTloT^rant^TS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
HouBokeeper, country hotel $."{0
Waitress, institution, country, room, board
and washing and $25
3 nurses, institution, country, mental cases.
$30
2 chambermaids, same country hctel....$2o
2 waitresses, Stockton, no uniform $25
Girl :o do chamber work In morning and
¦ wait lunch and dinner, nice small country-
hotel, fare paid
Waitress, short distance, plain hotel $25
Pastry cook, . boardlng-houae, city :.$35
3 waitresses,' plain hotel, city $25
Cook, sawmill, camp S00
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German or Swedish housegirl, short distance,
no washing, $25, party here; nurse, mental
case, city, good wages; 3 second girls, city,
$20; cook and second girl, same house, city,
$50; cooks, houeerlrls, second girls, nurse-
girls, city and country.' $15-$30 ;......
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..420 Bush gt.
2 MORE glrla for labeling, country. S25, room
and board; .2 girls to pick berries, city, $5
week; cashier and saleslady, • middle aged,
$20, room and board. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 429 Bush st.
WANTED — 3 cooks, no wash, $35; 3 cooks,
little wash. $30; working housekeeper. $25;
2 waitresses, institution, $25; kitchen helper,
same place, $25; 4 second girls, $20-$25;
houiework, $30; chambermaid ami mending,
$30; man and wife as cook and laborer, $60;
chambermaid and waitress, country hotel,
$25; 4 nurseglrls, $20-$25; housework, . no
washing. Redwood, $30; housework, Ala-
meda, *¦¦><>; 4 waitresses,* hotel, city, $2O-fl25-
44 houeeglrls, city and country, $20, $25; $30*
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
HAIRDRESS1NG, manicuring, massage, hair
work; remr.vai of superfluous hair . taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 60; positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 deary r. 13:. maids prepared.
A — LADIES, learn all branches hairdressuig
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket et., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
EMBROIDERY teacher wanted; a thoroughly
experienced woman; must understand stamp-
ins and have complete knowledge of art
needlework: state experience, references and
salary expected. Box 4642. Call.
EXPERIENCED salei-ladles; steady position
for right parties; apply between 8 and 9.
THEGAMOSSI. 101 Post st. ,'
YOUNG lady stenographer and typewriter.
Address, stating wages expected and experi-
ence. box 4643, Call. . .
MIDDLE-AGED woman for cooking and house-
work; wages $20; good home. Villa Mira-
mar. Ocean ¦ boulevard. ••
GIRL for general housework .- and cooking;
German or Protestant preferred. 2225 Pa-
cific ave., upper flat.
!•". HELP WAlTTCn— - MALE— Cow.
MURRAY & RJSADY.
634-636 Clay st. Main 584S
BUSINESS 7 A. M. UNTIL 10 P. M.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Our office half block long; 14 clerks employed
• By our own printing plant we publish i
free bulletin of labor nightly; ready for dls
trlbutlon 7 a. m. ; also noon and eventnj
editions. Get one.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We Know No Distinction Between Man ant
Man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1002 We Gave 1903 We'll G1t<
' 45.C00 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work
We ship you " Free to one
Fiee to-day. Free to all
Ogden, Utah. AU parts Nevada
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara
Chatsworth -Park, Hawaiian Islands
Santa Susana, Oregon
San Fernando, Washington
Los Angeles County, Central America.
Arizona, . , Willits. Ukiah,
And All Points North, East. South.
Including Ogden. Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fenc*
builders, drillers, single, double and machin<
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,' chuab
tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, laborers,
track men, cooks, waiters, blacksmiths, etc.,
$5, $4, $3 50. $3. $2 50. $2 day.
Free fare. Free fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you!
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st,
MECHANICAL HELP.
CS blacksmiths. $3.
9 helpers. $2; 12 bench hands. $3 50.
0 carpenters, $3 to $4.
' Carriage makers, $4.
12 coopers, lie barrel.
9 brick molders, $3 50: Iron workers, country.
155 other mechanics, *3 to Jfl day.
¦Mem 'TADY. 634-636 Clay st.
1S5 Cool Miners. Oregon. Free Fare.
155 Coal Miners. Oregon. Going Free.
Free Fare— 55 Men Willits-Uklah To-day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BOYS. BOYS. BOYsT
12 boys for a box factory; fare $5; $32 SO and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
BIG SHASTA LUMBER
LUMBER TRUST SHASTA TRUST
15 laborers, general work, you'll suit, $72 60.
2 screw setters. $105.
2 off bearers. $82 50.
10 croas-cutters for woods work. $60 and fd.
25 laborers to pile lumber. $S2 50.
SPECIAL FARE. $5; STEADY Good Jobs.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FEE $1— THATS ALL— $1 FEE.
FREE FARE. 6C6 MEN. FREE FARE.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC R. R. DIVISIONS.
Santa Barbara District. Santa Crux Dist.
San Luis Oblspo Dlst. Santa Clara Dlst.
Bakersfleld Dist. Sacramento Dist.
King City Dist. Alameda Dist.
Soledad Dist. Paso Robles Dist.
Salinas Dist. Los Angeles Coast Dist.
Los Angeles Dlst. Fresno Dlst.
Gulnda Dlst. Cordelia Dtst.
Madison Dist. Farmlngton Dist.
Also hundreds of different places on their
Divisions on every train.
NORTH. EAST. SOttTH.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
CARPENTERS. BOSSES AT
CARPENTERS. OUR CFFICE.
9 of them to build barns, sheds, etc., mil-
lionaire's own private work, 60o fare. $90.
6 carpenters, factory, fare $1. $90.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63'< Clay st.
$5. WO, 000 BANKING SYNDICATE.
25 m«i among fruits, etc.. fare $1 $26 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-6SG Clay st.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY. R. R. FARE PAID.
23 laborers big lumber trust fcttfl.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C3<> Clay st.
$1 TO BUTTE— $1. ~~~ ~ CHICO.
2t> team«ters. laborers and axmer.. $75.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
S6 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIES
FREE — FARE — FREE.
990 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $7
and found.
JS<; experienced mill and yard men, $10 t
$150 and found.
:is:i woodsmen, $40 to $150 and f-jund.
Stickermen. Tallymen
Spool tenders. Machinists
Buckers, trackmen. Line pullers
Blacksmiths, wood turners, barkers, ca
loaders.
Tree tellers. Jarkscreweri
Log loaders. Shingle sawyers
Dolbeer loggers. Carriage setters
Swampers and trimmers. Gang edgermen
Saw filers. •
Pond men. band sawyers, carriage doggers
sorters, graders and peelers, chain" tenders
shingle packers, also Jointers, chute build
ers. $40, $50, $tf). $70. $80, $00, $100 to $15(
month and found.
3S6 woodchoppers. tiemakers. shingle, post
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 634 and tiSO Clay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 Italians. FREE FARE
155 Greeks. FREE FARE
155 Austrians. FREE FARE
Board yourselves; managers at our office
sec them.
MURRAY & READY. 634-S56 Clay st.
GOLD— SILVER.
COPPER— COAL.
SPECIAL.
10 machine miners, large gold mining com-
pany, $90.
180 miners, single and double hand; machine
men, muckers, ttmbermen, furnace men, etc.,
$M. ?S5 and $75 and found.
3SU laborers, no experience required. $60. $75.
. Fares from $1 SO to $5; many managers at
our offlce.
TUNNELS— QUARRIES.
156 drillers, hammersmen. laborers, $90, $7!
and ?G0.
THEY WANT YOU.
12 laborers for mine, no experience wanted,
$42 and found; fare $2.
For stables — 12 men. $60 to $75.
For farms — 125 men. $30. $35, $40, found.
For orchards — 250 men. $25. $30, found.
For dairies— 65 men, $30. $35, $40. found.
For chores — 36 men and boys, $30, $25. $20.
$15, found.
For hay, harvest— 63 men, $1 50, $2, $2 50
dav, found.
36 fruit picker*. $2fi and found.
LOOK!
30 teamsters, city, $22 week. $2 to $2 50 day.
IZ5 liborera. country, $2. $2 50 a day.
Coachmen, gardeners, private choremen.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
IS men and wives for mines, ranches, dairies,
hotels, sawmills, etc., $40, $50, $00, $70.
$80 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
37 cooks, all over California. $90. $80. $75.
$00. $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.; crisp
maker, $10; porter, city store. $40; second
cook, mine, $40; also waiter, $30; steward,
$,"0 and found.
- IS waiters. $35. $40. $30 and found.
30 pot and dish washers, $35. $30. $20 and fd.
IS bell and elevator boys, porters, bedmak-
ers, ?30 to $15 and found.
6 butchers, $40, $50, $C0. $30 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes, $1S week up.
6 bakers' helpers, $55, $40. $30 and found.
12 boys, learn trades.
We publish a free bulletin of labor dally,
containing 10.000 positions: get one.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT
MAIL. PHONE AND TELEGRAPH,
Baker city Institution. $40 and found.
5 laborers, board yourselves, 10c fare, $2 25
day.
2 laborers to run car. mine. $1 40 day fd.
2 stablemen. • city job. $30. $40 found.
4 men about threshing outfit, tare $1 60,
$40 and found.
Bedmaker. porter, bell boy. city hotel, |20
and found up.
Butcher. Sonoma County, $35 and found
Butcher, all-round man. fare $-1. $40 found.
SPECIAL.
Bartender. German, country hotel, bosi
here. $40 fd.; also yard man. tarn* place $25
found; 2 carriage setters, boss here. $2 73
day and found.
Blacksmith. Alturas. fare paid. $3 50 day.
3 furnace men for, mine, $3 fare. $75.
Awsayer. old mine, boss here. BIG SALARY
Young man about meat market. 5Oc fare*
$22 50 and found.
2 steel bridge carpenters, free fan*. $3 50 day*
3 carpenters, fare 50o private own work $90.*
Buttermaker, also milker, north, $tO and |30
and found. I
4 laborers, manufacturing company, fare
Man run boring machine or crosscut saw-
yer, $2.
Two waiters, same hotel, fare $2, $00 found
2 teamsters, 2 horses, haul straw fare Si'
$30 and found. ' . **•
Potwasher, also silver man, city cafe $30
and found.
2 porters, city institution. $20 and found
Third baker on bread, shop. -fare $1 iris" fd
Man and wife, ranch, boss here, $40 found"
SPECIALLY GOOD. ">»»<*•
10 teamsters. 10c fare. $40 and found
« laborers, f acton*, board yourselves t*» dav
Printer, country Job. $10 week
cook.
f * re P * 1 * *« Ot mIn « *«•.
Biggest wages at MURRAY & READY'S
Best, places at C34-636 Clay st.
rO THE FREE BE\UTIFT*r
NORTH FARE. NORTH
55 MEN WANTED NOR TH.
BIG LUMBER TRUST FREE FARf
Any laborer can ' _!( the bill; *no expemnf*
~ — - BKVF tV A *TED — MALE— Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
_ • 520 Sacramento St.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leidesdorff.
'•• -ASTORIA— OREGON— NEAR PORTLAND.
* * P ~~~ ON COLUMBIA RIVER.
ASTORIA on O. R. & N. Co.'s S. S.'Geo. ,W.
Elder FARE $3. Including berth and meals.
__,„ Steamer Sails To-morrow Morning.
Srt^i 1 - FEE * x - TO ASTORIA.
NO STRIKE. CO. WORK. NO DISCOUNT.
60 laborers, $ol 50 and found.
60 rockmen; $59 and found.
BIG CROWD GOING. ARE YOU?
- . TO ASTORIA. YOU HAD BETTER GO.
5 TUNNELS. ~ FREE FARE.
6 tunnclmen. $75 to $82 50. 8 hours.
b muckers. $B0; 6 tunnelmen, $75: near city.
2 tunnelmen, $120; 3 muckers, $90. 30c fare.
-< 8 miners, $75 to $90; 2 laborers, muckers;
miners, $60 to $75; laborers, $2 day.
BUTTE CO.. CHICO— FEE $1— Ship To-night
oo laborers, rockmen, teamsters, $2 23 to $2 50
a day.
SAWMILLS. ETC. / •
20 laborers. $2 40; 25 lumber pliers,' $2 75; 10
boys, box factory, $1 75 day; 2 screw setters,
; $J «>0 a day.
; North; Half Fare; Sash and Door Factory.
• 12 young men. $1 50 to $2 25 a day and ln-
' crease.
' . EUREKA— HALF FARE— LUMBER CO.
20 laborers, mills, yards and R. R., $40 fd.
MISCELLANEOUS.
5 Italian stonemasons, $4 day.
10 Swede lumber pliers. Shasta Co., $52 and
found: a farmers and teamsters, $i!0 to $35
and found; man to take contract pick 3oO
tons prunes, NORTH; 50 laborers, different
. jobs, $2 to $2 25 day.
Cook, factory,, ,£40 and found.
| Man and wife, care for millionaire's country
home, good wages.
3' waiters, $30 to $40 and found.
FREE FARE TO WILLITS— FEE $1.
20 laborers and teamsters, $2 25 day.
5 laborers, $1 50 fare, TUOLUMNE CO. mill.
Men. call and read our. bulletin boards.
Hundreds of other jobs. Get a list of Jobs.
_PACIFIC EMP. AGENCY. 520 Sacramento.
; GERMAN to assist gardener $50; 2 sheep
herders. $;JO and found;- stableman, $15 week;
laborer and wife. $00 and found; 3n.rlter man
and wife, $00 and found: 3 farmers and
wives. $40, $50 and $55 and found; 2 chore-
men, private families, $20 and $25 and found;
blacksmith. %'\ day; 3 carpenters, plain work,
$.'S day; blacksmith helpers; all-round laun-
dryman, $50 and found; miners, $2 50 to $3
day; laborers for quarries and mines; 0
woodehoppers for mine $1 50 cord; and
many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 028
Sacramento st. •
| GERMAN barkeeper, country, $40 ar.d found;
¦ cook and wife for springs. $C5 and found:
general utility young man for resort. $25 and
found; 2 kitchen men for country, $25 and
$30 and found; waiters, $30 and t'nund: dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
t)28 Sacramento st. •
EXPERIENCED leak menders wanted; also
cne or two exoerlenced venters; waees 2Oo
per hour. Further particulars call room 12.
220 Market St., or address Los Gatos Can-
neries, Los Gatos. l
$150 — BARBER chop; must be sold: owner
there 10 years; average $100 month; rent $8.
WINSBORO. MURRAY & CO.. 75 Third st.
YOUNG man- to work outside of schocl hours
for his tuition. California Bus! nebs College,
305 Larktn st.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
card writer and familiar with dry goods ad-
vertisements. Box 4644, Call.
A YOUNG man with some experience in tailor
store and can handle shears. E. H. LEVY
(Inc.). 513 Market st.
BARBER shop doing good 2-chalr business at
a lively station across the bay; very reason-
ablo. D. STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop for sale; 3 chairs,
2 bathrooms and laundry office. E.- M-,
Vacaville. Solar.o County, Cal.
TRY our men's fhoes. union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
LUNCH waller. 922 Battery st.
THREE laborers, pick and shove'; 14th ave.
and N 8t., south; take Kentucky-st. cars.
COATMAKER for country. REISSBROS. &
CO., 24 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED stock clerks for wholesale
millinery. HOLM & NATHAN. 512 Market.
EXTRA waiter. ,,612 Kearny st.
A BARBER wanted Wednesday evening, Satur-
day and Sunoay. 515 Hayes et.
WANTED — A barber. Grand Hotel barber
shop.
GOOD, Industrious boy to help In grocery; no
Sunday work. Box 4G46, Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted; small restaurant; $6
ljer week; half day Sunday. 2585 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes, unton made, at $1 pair;
loot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED— For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between '-'1 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and writs
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-war
ln all parts of the world, on lan.1 in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United State;. Apply at recruiting office, 40
Ellis tt., San Francisco, Cal.; 2221^ N. Main
tt.. Lou Ang&les. Cal., and 401 K st.. Sacra,
mento, Cal.
PICK hops in August: enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
.HORST CO.. 122 Battery st., San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secura positions;
catalogue and full particulars tnslled free.
Moler System Barber College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, 217 Third. et.; 150 large
rooms;. 25c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted at the Royal
Shaving Parlor. 126 Ellis st. ; no other need
apply. '
MEN to learn barber trade; an Improvement
on all other . systems. For particulars ad-
. dress Western Barber Col., 647 Commercial.
Al CLOTHING men wanted. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
BOY for wholesale house; state age and experi-
e-nce. Box 463O.V Call. -
WANTED — Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st.
CASH boys wanted. Apply S. .«'. WOOD St
CO.. 740 Market st. ¦..
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition ln S. F.
, Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steua.-t st
800 MEN -to buy new and M-hand armv shoes
50c up; soling cheap. U23 Howard »t.. nr. 6th.
PKNS1ON atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com..Geo. H. Thomas Pot-t.G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free "bug and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St. j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Klllmore »c
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half 1
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET' your shoes half soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c B63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d ata,
;:•':: ;?''¦" - ¦ •
If the hay's fit to cut and you're rushed on the farm
And a man need at once to prevent any harm,
A Want Ad in The Call willbring: one right away
That will Just fill the bill— better try it to-day.
HELP WATTBD — MALE — Con.
wanted; $35 per month and found and In-
MURRAY & READY. 634-63S Clay •_
' NEW TUNNEL, '
, 6 drillers, free fare. $75.
*¦ 4 muckers, free fare, $C7 50.
a 2 tunnel drillers. $120.
'" ti muckers, tunnel. $90.
* MURRAY & READY. C04-638 Clay •_
EUREKA— FARE $2 50— HUMEOLDT CO.
25 laborers; you'll sutt: BIG, GOOD LUM-
d BER COMPANY. $«0; BOARD. ETC.. $13.
MURRAY & READY. 634-Oi Clay st.
HORSES AM> WAUO.VS.
a -~- — ~ •- --. — — . .
i- TEAM- roan mares, city broken, weigh 2750;
one doctors' horse: 2 business horses. Santa
-. Clara Stable. 164 Golden Gate ave.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
i, wagons, buggies and harness irra.it be sold ac
i, sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
'* RARE chance — 4 good horsss for sale cheap.
[| 327 Sixth st.
'• ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand;
'• new laundry wagon, cheap. 823 Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and g-ocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission at.
e — ~~~— ¦ ~~~~~~* ~~*
e HOL'SES TO LET.
¦c ~^~^^^^~^^.~ .~~ — ~> ~-~-~- *
. A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for
. circular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery
FURNISHED house of 6 rooms and bath to
let. cheap. 3U33 Twenty-fifth st.
< BEFORE moving ret our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURA'ISHED.
A WELL furnished house, clano. 10 rooms;
very sunny: fine location: 1375 Masonic ave.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montg. st.
LOST AM) FOU>~I>.
LOST— August 2d ladles' gold brooch, set with
pearls and ruby, from Fell and Octaria to
Jones and Market or Jones or Union cars, or
Presidio; reward. 313 Fell st.
. LOST — Saturday evening, small gold locket
and chain; valued as a keepsake. Reward if
returned to 3ti65 Eighteenth st^
. LOST— Monday, geld locket with Initials H. R.
R. Finder return to IIS Seventh ave.; reward.
1 LOST— Breastpin : gold bar set with 3 pearls;
I reward. 112 Bush st. ' r; -
I FOUND — Stray cow; owner can have same by
proving property and paying expenses. Apply
234 Richmond ave. , _
IT will pay to ••Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALi;.
BOILERS, engines, 2- hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
jewelry from us is that you need only pay a
small weekly payment on all purchases; all
goods delivered on first payment. Call and
examine our goods, even if you don't care to
buy. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; ln rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; gtx«l over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
WILL contract 2500 barrels per month for ono
year. 14% gravity oil at 25c f. o. b. Bakers-
fleld. C. E. PRICE. 605 Grant Building. Loj
AngeTes. _______
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origl-
Inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny «t., near Pine;
open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 pair: foot-form
. shoes at $2 50; we pay express charges. 11
Third st.. Examiner bid. : catalogue sent free.
SECOND mach'y, boilers. engines, pumps.
wood and iron working machinery, bought,
sold and rented. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. BuIIard St Breck. 131 Poet st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GSNE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs, hammocks.
metal beds. mattresses.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all slaea. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont «t.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEK-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. HO Moptgv
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing anJ
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
MONEY TO LOAS. ~
AAA— HEUM-VN MURPHY,
601-602-CC3 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property la trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided »a-
tcresta in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly co_d«ntla!.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY lespectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry ae
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 843
Market st.. tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried ptople, rstall mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: largest business la
46 principal .cities. Tolman. 533 Parrott bldy.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or flano.no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick.
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery St.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10.00a
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or pi—no;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Ear. Bk. bid.. 708 Market: phone Mala S18.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silv.r.
diamond*, pearls and precious stanea bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned to salaries employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74, fifth floor. Chronicle bids.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on eac^i
S1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, room 18.
3% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 8 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cea:
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearay.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming leans money to
salaried employes. R. 811. Mutual Sav.Bk.bl-
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner nM
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
ASSORTMENT of some upright bargains.
3 Chtckering $150. $185. $2:W
1 Klmball. walnut upright, celluloid keyg.St',3
2 Emerson $1S5. $213
2 Steinway <1S5. $215
4 Heine 1235 to $.'»3
12 squares *15 to $170
10 organs $10 to $75
Rents $2 up, allowed on purchase; Install-
ments $4 up: piano players from *0O up; new
pianos from $11" ud. HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Geary st.: phone Main 5741
$6.1— LEFT on sale; Fllsher upright piano. 237
Geary it. ¦
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$165: great bargain. 237 Geary st.
A FEW good upright pianos from $70 up coin-
prising Vose. Sterling. Jacobsen. Schwech-
ten, Sherwood. Weser. Marshall & Wendell.
Haines. Ererett. Knab«s and others; eas/
payments. BENJ. CURTA2 & SON. 18-20
O'FarreU. No branches la San Francisco.
THE SIMPLEX PIANO PLAYER Is the only
plane player that Interprets music as tha
author Intended it. The delicate touch or th»
powerful stroke can be given at tha desire
of the one playing. Call and examine them.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7t»
Market St.
BAND Instruments: F. Benson. Parts, maker.
Gus Maiwaid. Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farren:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments aold.
P-AUTIFUL 3- pedal Steinway upright piano:
perfect order; sacrifice. Kecffe's.285 CFarwll.
Family sailing for Australia offers at sacrtflco
handsome Steinway upright piano. Cla Eddy.
BUY direct from the factory and save 5O per
cent. HOnNUNO. 218 McAllister at.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.: largest
and oldest Clano house.
BES £ JZPXJZl JP lane U ln cl{ y f °r ** P*«" montlu
SCOTT-CCRTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes tt.
BARGAIN: stood uprlcht; must be sold ae
once. SCHMITZ A CO.. 18 McAllister st.
SCHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. C«cillan ptaao
player. BYRON MAUZY. 303-312 Post tt.
8t i?, E . R . 1 2S v l°llns. zithers, old and new. 1L
MULLER. maker, repairer, a Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CalU
ltt pages, in wrapper fop mailing; SI Ber jr«_r.Continued From Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Frank M. Davis (single) to Madge Dusen
burv (wife of Phillip), let on S line of Thirty
fifth "street, 426:3 K of Market. E S7:« by S
120:3. portion of lot 11,. block L. property of
Central Land Company, subject to mortgage
for"$2B0O. Oakland; $10. -
Continental Building; and Loan Association
(corporation) to Gustaf Gustafson.'lot on S line
of Sixteenth street. 104 W of Adeline. W 28 by
S 90, block W»7."Boardman*B Map. Oakland: $10.
Albert and Allno Adler (wife) to .William
mnd MaKKle Kelly (wife), lot on a line of Twen
fy.fcecorfd street, Il»:0W of Curtis. W 30:8 by
S SO -4 block H. Curtis & Willltmn Tract.- etc..
subject to mortgage for $1300 Oakland: *1O.
Knud Nielsen jingle) to Charles J. Wilson,
lot on S line or Sherman avenue. ;JS!> E of
Telegraph avenu*/ K ««. S 12.^:7 more or less,
w •;« N 127. being E 21 feet of l<rt 9»i and
w is' feet of lot 1<>. Amended Map of subdi
visions of Mo*swood Tract. Oakland: {10. ¦
raTvIn A. f=h,w (elngle) to Alice k. Bell
iwife of C? C). W Vt of lot SS14 and all of lot
»B, Amended Map ot subdivisions cf same, Oak
la ?Hfl'bella A. Beaudry (executrix of the estate
<tf Annla Beaudry) to R. S. Wixson, all Interest
fn aS undivided % Interest in lot on W line
of Kan Pablo avenue, 204.0ft S of Its Intersect on
»Vth 8 'line of avenue traversed by Berkeley
branch raUroad. S 45 by W 100. being S 45
feet of lot. 12. block 25. property of L. M.
iwnudrv and G. Peladeau, being plat 41,- on
K XrSberger', M»P, Oakland ; $SOO.
Ieabella A. Beaudry (single) 'and G.' and
Mary Peladeau (wife) to same, all Interest in
. 8a Marg O r a e k t a E d: .na°R. E. Morey (husband) to
Christian J. and Anna G. Fosen. lot on NE
corner of Myrtle anrt Twenty-eighth Mreeta E
til by N.- 100. lots 11 and 12 block C. Golde«
Gate Homestead; Oakland: f S00. : > ¦
Emma. Q. and John F.: Young, to Francis
Harris fwjfe of Fred E.), lot on S line of Mer
rlmac-street 125 B of Telegraph avenue (aa
noTexEg . B 37:6 by S144:S. Oakland; $10
Christian J: and Anna G. Fosen to Margaret
F Morey ' lot on'AV line of Mary street. 50 N of
Channing' way N 50 by XV 130, lot 11, block
U ? McOw Tract, portion of plat 67. Kellera
be'rger'R survey. Berkeley: |10. , ,,\ '
XV H and Idela A. R. Marsten (wif e) , to
John and Eva A. Finn (wife), lot on SW corner
of Walnut and Oilman streets,. W 141 M or L.
8 120 El 41 :4. N . 120. block 21. property of
Berkeley Villa Association. Berkeley; $10 ;
Antonio Villalobos (by Jose M. or Joee Maria
Lopez, attorney) to : Charles O. Owens. lot on
N line of Bristol street,- 207.12 E of San Pablo
avenue. E 50 by N 204. lot 11, block B, Rooney
Tract, Berkeley; $10. •-¦*' ¦'¦- ¦...
William and AAn Prltcbard (wife) to Henry
W. Demlng, ¦¦¦ lot on 8 line t of Ashby avenue.
127 58 W ot Mabel, W 100 by S 120; lots 10 and
17 bloclu C. Carrison Tract, Berkeley; $10.
George H »and Frances M.^ Young, (wife) to
John P. and Hanna Olson (wife), ; lot on. XV line
Of Harper street, 355 8 of Ashby, avenue, S 34:0
Alameda County.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
100 Home, b 20. 2 90
Street —
87 Equitable Ge.s 4 "5
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following: were the sales on the San Fran- ;
Cisco Stock Exchanee yesterday:
MornlnK Session.
200 Alpha >. 08( 300 Mexican .....1 15
200 Alta 07 BOO Ophlr 1 B5
200 Con Cal & V.I «) 100 Potosl 21
1000 Con N Y.... 19 100 Potosi T2
2C0 Crown Point.. 2.1 100 Union Con . . SS
200 Gould & Cur. 41 300 Utah . ... 33
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 01^ 100 Ophlr ...:... 175
1<X» Belcher i'-i 100 Overman .... 28
1 IX) Caledonia 130 10O Overman 27
KK) Con Cal' & V.I S5 5CO Sierra Nev... «O
420O Con Imperial, m 200 Utah 35!
300 Gould &. Cur. 4a j
'PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE, 'v.^.
Following 1 , were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yestterday: / -
Morning Session.
BOO Exchequer .. 02 200 Sierra Nev... 50
200 Gould & Cur. 41 300 Union Con... 82
100 Hale & Norc. 30 SCO Union Con... H\
100 Mexican I 15 200 Union Con... K»
200 Mexican A ... I 25 200 Utah Xt
.300 Savage IS 200 Yel Jacket... . 70
" Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belch. I S5' 100 Ophlr 1 70
100 Con Cal & V.I 65 2C0 Sierra Nev... CO
200 Con NY.... Itt 400 Merra -Ner. . .- 58
1000 Exchequer . . 02 200 Utah ... . . 34
SCO Gould * Cur. 43 300 Utah 3fi
200 Mexican ...122MiJ 30O Yel Jacket 71
\ TONOPAII MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange. yesterday _:
Morning: Session.
1000 Esperanza ..: 0C 200 Mont Ton.. ...1 15
100 MacNamara . 21 100 N Y- Ton 00
300 Mont Ton... 1 02',^ 300 Ton N Star.. 52
400 Mont Ton...l 07 >^ 90O Ton N Star.. 5.1
100 Mont Ton...;.l 05 500 Ton & Cal... 40
200 Mont Ton 1 10 1000 Ton & Cal... 38
Afternoon Session.
100 Mont Ton...l 12%1 SOO Ton N Star.. 52
500 NY Ton..... (Wf 900 Ton N Star.. 51
100 Ton & Cal... 30
. _ . .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. -
TUESDAY, Aug. 4— 4 p. m.
Uid.Ask.! Bid. Ask.
l\lpha , 08 10 Julia 02 05
_^ta Ofi (^Justice ...... 14 15
Andes 07 0s Kentuck Kl (M
Belohcr •»- 44 Mexican 1 ISO 1 25
B*st &-Belch.l dS 1 WjOccldental ... 3.% :;«
Bullion 04 05 Ophlr 1 K) 1 TO
Caledonia 1 25 1 35 Overman .... 2". 28
Challenge ... 43 ¦ 45 Potosl V 21 23
Chollar .. 20 21 Savage 18 10
Confidence ...I 10 1 20 Scdrpion 03 05
Con Cal & V.1M 1 «O Scg Belcher.. 15 l»i
Con Imperial 03 04 Sierra Nev... 5S 50
Co" NY.... 21 |25 Silver Hill... 78 HO
Crown Pornt.. 20 23 St 1-ouls IS 20
Eureka Con.. — 45 Syndicate ... — «tt
Exihpquer ... .01 03 Union Ccn... 86 S7
Gould & Cur. 42 44 t.'tah 34 35
Hal« & Norc. 4H 5<) Ycl Jacket.... 71 72
Lady Wash .. — CS!
TONOPAH MINES..
Bid.Ask.l . Bid.Ask.
Colohan 17 —Rescue 14 15
EFi«>ranza ... 0<J 07iTon Brlmont.l fl<» —
Kula Con ... 25 —Ton & Cal... 3,S .»
Gipsy Queen.. 2<5 — Ton Fraction. — <•>
Oold Mt Con .09 -I Ton Ot W . . *' . a £j
Mai-Namara . 21 22Ton «f Nev:. — 8 no
Mizpah Ex... 15 40 Ton N Star.. BO 51
Mont Ton.i O7>4 1 1213 Ton Midway.. 45 50
N Y Ton . 08 — Ton & S Lake 47 —
Paymaster... 14 20 United Ton. .. 15 —
Pine Grove.. i • .M> — U'topia — '.>0
The latest application of the principle
ofv the penny in the slot Is reported from
Australia. In the postofflces of the com
monwealth, if time or opportunity does
not permit the prompt purchase of a
stamp, the person In a hurry will lir fu
ture be able to drop his letter into one
orifice of a machine and his penny into
the other, and when this process is •com
pleted, "One penny paid." will be found
Impressed bn the envelope as an equiva
lent to the orthodox stamp. The innova
tion has its advantages. Attaching the
stamp to the envelope Is perhaps the
greatest nuisance connected with letter
writing. In spite of many sanitary warn
ings, the practice of "licking" is still con
siderably more the rule than the excep
tion.—New York Commercial.
The Latest Slot Machine.
"Translating Is an art." said an In
structor at the university. "Carlyle
translated some fairy tales from the Ger
man, and these tales from TIeck and,
Musacus are examples of English prose
as beautiful as the heart could desire.
Swinburne translated Villon, and ao did
Rossetti, who gave us, furthermore, par
aphrases of the Italian poets that equal
the originals in charm. That is the test
of translation— that it shall equal in
beauty the original— and I think there
should be a law requiring every great
writer to translate at least one great
book. But our good men can't afford to
make translations; the pay is too miser
able. It is impossible to get for translat
ing a novel of 125.000 words more than
about $250.. That Is only $2 per 1000 words
and there is no living in it at such fig
ures."—Philadelphia Record.
Little Money in Translating.
The Hartfor Courant has started an
agitation . for the abolition of the term
"Wooden Nutmeg State," as applied to
Connecticut. The general opinion seems
to be that while the discussion is Interest
ing, from the academic standing it will
accomplish nothing. We are inclined to
think that it will accomplish a good deal.
We believe that it will cause the term to
be more generally used and accepted than
ever before. If the term ever had the real
significance the Courant assigns to It. It
was lost sight of years ago. Men whose
devotion to Connecticut is unquestioned
have been proud to wear the little nut
meg as an emblem at gatherings all over
the country. We venture to predict that
when the G. A. R. holds Its coming en
campment at San Francisco the Connecti
cut department will have on hand a large
supply of wooden nutmegs and these will
be most eagerly sought after as souven
irs. "W*e have attended a number of largs
conventions of, various kinds,' all over the
country, and we have noticed that the lit
tle nutmegs were always In great demand
and most highly prized. As a badge It
is neat, Ingenious and distinctive and we
can -see no good reason why any lover of
old Connecticut should waste his time and
energy in trying to establish a boycott
against It.— Utchfleld Enquirer.
The Wooden Nutmeg.
Charles K. and Annie Lloyd (wife) to Stand
ard Realty and Development Company (corpor
ation), same, being E 1-3 of lots 6 and 8, block
14, Kcllersberger's map, Oakland; $10.
M. L. Wicks (single) to Ira Vaughan. lot on
S line of Thirty-third street, 141:3 E of Mar
ket. B 31:3 by S 87, Oakland: $10.
Maud E. ZeU (single) to Adolph Zeis (hus
band), lot on SE line of Second avenue, 401SW
of East Fifteenth street. 8W 10 by SE 100.
block 53, Clinton, East Oakland; gift.
P. Flyun (single) to Joanna M. Drlscoll
(widow), lot on E corner of East Fourteenth
street and Second avenue. SE 25 by NE J-t'»
block 53. same. East Oakland; $10.
George XV. and Laura K. Kraft (wife) to
Arthur J. Grlesche (single), lot on W line of
Mary street. 100 N of Allston way. W 1H> by
N 30. portion of lot 11, block 2, McGee Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Ednle C. Jone«, as trustee under will * of
Andrew Jones, deceased, and 'Mrs. Jane C.
Jpr.es to Wlnfleld S. Halpruner, all interest In
following: Lot on NW fine of Jones avenue,
being most easterly corner of block A. thence
NW along NE line of said block to most
northerly corner thereof., being on 8 line of
Orchard street, thence NE N), SE 250, SW 5o
to beginning, Elmhurst Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; also lot beginning at point NW of Or
chard street, which point is moat easterly cor
ner of block D. thence along NE line of said
block D. NW 250 by NE 50, same. Brooklyn
Township; $10. . — • •
George II. and Reuben W. Mastlck and
Frank Otis; as trustees under will of Lucretla
M. XV. MiKtick (deceased) to Arthur Beach,
lot on E line of Ninth street. 100 N of Rail
road avenue, N S6 to a point 114 S from S
line of Pacific avenue, E 117.70, S 37.35, K
17.no, S 48.65, W 135.00 to beginning, Alameda;
$2:sno.
Annie R. and Charles L. Wood (husband) to
Mary K. .Wood (single), lot on N line of Pacific
avenue, 66:8 E of Wood street, E 33:4 by N
100, lot 4 and portion of lot 3. block 4, Chapln
Tract, Alameda; $10.
Margaret Thacker (widow), to Joel W.
Thacker. undivided half interest in lot on S
line of Third street, 25 E of Filbert. E 25 by
S 94. lot 24, block 14, Adeline and Market
street Homestead. Oakland; gift.
Same to Ambrose Thacker (single), undivided
fourth interest In tame; gift.
Same to Thomas J. Thacker, undivided fourth
interest in same; gift.
Union Savings Bank to Charles H. Stras
burg. lot on W line of Filbert street. 170 8 of
Twenty-second, S 45.29. W 125, N 55.79, E 36,
S 10:6, E $9, blcck F. Boardman's map of sur
vey of Northern Extension. Oakland: $10.
Albert Ehret to Chris Mesneckoff, lot 7, block
20, map of property of L. M. Beaudry & G. Pe
ladeau, Oakland Township: $10.
Hiram Hull (single) to Frank M. May. lot on
SE corner of Eunice (Durant) and Walnut
streets, E 134:7 by S 120, lot 2. block 11. prop
erty of Berkeley Villa Association, Berkeley;
$10,..
J. A. and Emily V. Marshall (wife) to B. N.
DeLeon — Lot on NW corner of Bancroft way
and Grove street. W. 84.26. N 49.87. E 87.02.
S 50, block 12, map resubdivislon block 12. Mc-
Gee tract, Berkeley; $100.
John Martin Schacherle (single) to Margaret
C. Coombe, wife of Philip — Lot on E line of
Warring street 450 feet N of Channing way,
N 50 feet, E 142.44, S 50.32, XV 148.11. lot 20,
map of portion of Berkeley property between
University of California and State Deaf and
Dumb and Blind Asylum, etc.. Berkeley; $10.
John Mole (widower) to Emma F. Brophy,
wife of Stephen A. — Lot on E line Qf: Adeline
street 51 feet N of Monroe street, N 40 by E
118, being lot 19. S 10 feet lot 20 and X 6 feet
by W 122. block 8, amended map and resubdl
vlsion of Central Park, Berkeley; J10.
Peter and Amanda Schrensen to Emblem E.
Howatt. lot on XV line of King avenue. 878.7S
S of its Intersection with S line in old county
road, thence S 49 by W 135. lot 22. map of
Henry & Phillips Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10. ' - •
Manuel F. and Adelaide A. Vargas (wife) to
George J. Pettitt. lot on N line of Fourteenth
street, 127:6 E of Wood. E 23 by N 100. lot 6,
block F. map subdivision blocks C and F. Gar
den Tract Homestead, Oakland; $10.
Andrew P. and Ada S. Smith (wife) to Clara
J. Hester, 16t on W line of Gold street. 137:6
S of Weston avenue, S 37:6 by W 100. lot 13
and portion of lot 11, Oakland Railroad Home
stead, Oakland; $10.
Calvin A. Shaw to William A. Stewart. lots
8 to 11. 13 and 14. map resubdlrlslon of Corley
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Charles E. Jared to Calvin 8. Winchell. lot
on E line of Harper street, 183.22 S of Ashby
avenue. S 60 by E 122.01. lot 12. map subdi
vision of block 7, Central Park Tract. Berke
ley, quitclaim deed; $5.
Continental Building and Loan Association (a
corporation) to Byron K. Whitney, lot 8. block
D, corrected map of subdivision of blocks D and
E, Champion Tract. Frultvale, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Antone S. and Mrs. Johannah Dlas (Brand)
(wife) to Charles E. Lloyd, lot on S line of
Third street. 50 E of Alice. E 25 by S 75, sub
ject to deed of trust. 833 D. 420. $650. Oak
land; grant. -
lot 18. nap subdivision lots 5 and 8, block E
of revised map Oak Tree Farm tract, subject
to deed of trust 51155. Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Andrew and Mattie Holland to F. O. Chase.
lot on W line of Shattuek avenu*. 113 S of
Vine street. S 35 by W 135. block 8. Graves &
Taylor Tract. Berkeley: $10.
J. L. an.l Mabel Gibson (wife) to Maude L.
Cogswell, wife John B. — Lot on NW corner of
Brandon street. 225 feet NB of Lloyd avenue.
XK 50 by NW.1M lots 29 and SO. block B,
Frultvale Station tract: $10.
Joseph Westall (widower) to Louis Go*,
lots 1 to 4. 43 and 40. block Q, Laurel Grove
Park. Brooklyn Township; $10.
B. C. Haws, administrator estat* Johanna
Fischer, deceased, to Francis L Matthews,
property out of county: $50.
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1903.
15
STATEMENT
——OF TIH?
CONDITION" AND AFFAIRS
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Docem-
ber. A D. 1902. and for the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 ot tha
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnish.
ed by the Commissioner: I
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid •
up In Cash $3CO,000 C4
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. . $205,700 0O
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. . . 387.922 0U
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 854,639 CO
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral. 137,000 <Xr
Cash In Company's Office 4.934 31
Cash in Banks 56.38S 6<>
Interest due and accrued on all
' Stocks and Loans 688 73
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 7.428 3D
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 73,5» >•
Bills receivable, not matured,
taken for Fire and Marine
Risks 219 19
Rents du« and accrued 494 17
Deposit — lth Philadelphia. Fire
Underwrite™* Association 100 00
Perpetual deposits In course of
collection 3,952 70
Total Assets $1,743,003 61
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid I10.1T4 71
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 17.463 01
Losses resisted. Including expenses 9.222 S3
Gross premiums on Fir* Risks
running one year or less. $300.-
703 43: reinsurance M per csnt.. 154.U1 22
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
runnlns; mora .than one year.
*.T3O.1<57 ©8: reinsurance pro
rata 181.875 11
Amount reclaimable by the In-
sured on perpetual fire insurance
policies 868,353 CO
Due and accrued for salaries,
rents, etc 8.4KO 43
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to b«eom« dtw 17,727 14
All other liabilities 12.133 S7
Total Liabilities ...II27S081 42
INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for ~lr« .
premium* ..*.«¦ $353,168 &S
Received ' for Interest - en Bonds - .
and Mortgages , 21.340 13
Received for interest and" divi-
dends on i Bonds, Stocks. Loans,
and from all other sources 40.4SS 31
Received for Rents .'. 9 397 75
Received from all other sources.. 77.582 33
Total Income $701,457 23
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $31,030 08. losses of " ' ¦
previous years) I239.0M 49
Dividends to Stockholders........ 30,000 CO
; Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 120,9«l 00
Paid for Salaries.. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 29,523 13
Paid* for 8tate. National and Lo-
cal taxes 14,638 S3
All other payments and expendi-
tures 5S.563 5t
• Total Expenditures Sin.1.019 9s
Fir«.
Losses Incurred during the year .... $235,359 86
Risks and Premiums. Flrt Risks. Pren iluxnaT
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year: $43,599,060 $506,628 83
Net amount of Risks
expired • during the
jrtar 40.143.230 445.103 IT-
Net amount In force
December 81. 1902. 80,579.940 639.860 83
" KOBT. B. BEATH. President. . ~~~
DENNIS J. SWEENY. Secretary. "
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of March. " 1903.
MART L. ; CAMPBELL. Notary Public.
gutteITfrank,
General Agents,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET, .
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL*
ROOMS TO LET— Few, and Unf«ra.
AA — City Room Renting Agency. •
1104 Market st. oor. Turk and Market sts..
Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate you free of charge
In Rooms with or without board,
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— HOTEL NKTHERLAND — EUROPEAN*
PLAN. 18 TURK 8T.. 4 DOORS FROM-
MARKET; 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; BTE AM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: RATES 76c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH. ¦" -
A GENTLEMAN of regular habits ran secure
a single room or alcove suite, sunny and
•comfortably furnished, with private family,,
one block from cable and electric car lines,
- and 5 minutes' walk from pane entrance;'
references. Box 4053, Call;
A—BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per ulght, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms, 25c, 60c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk— 3, 4 and 6 room apart-
ments for hkpg. : strictly mod. ; elec. elevator.
ARDELL. 15 Page — Furnished rooms; best in
city for price; $1. $1 26. $1 50 week; hskpg.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath; running water; references. 880 Post st.
BURNETT. 1426 . Market— (old No. 13«4)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable. ¦ .
EDDY, 216 — One large front comfortably fur-
¦ nlshed sunny - bay-window room; running
water.
EDDY. 867 — Large sunny room; suitable for 2
gentlemen; with or without board.
FIFTH, 33 — Sunny bay-window rooms: also
single rooms; $1 50, $2 60 to $4 per week.
GEARY, 87S — Cozy single room, $7 per mo.;
also one rear, separate entrance, $5 per mo.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms &0c
to $1 50 night; $2 to $6 week; reading-room.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
80 Geary st.: phone Bush SSO.
" Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths end singles.
KEARNY. 420— Six beautiful rooms to let.
LYON. 1617, bet. BuFh and Pine — Sunny room;
furnUhed or partly so.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny turnlshed rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights: day, week, mo.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
readlrg-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, fi
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
flour; rooms with hot and cold 'water; baths.
SECOND, 34 — Sunny furnUhed front rooms
cheap.^-^-
TURK. 810— Nicely furnUhed rooms; suites or
single. ¦¦
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market
— tOO tingle and family roo'ms; 35c to $1
night: $1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric
lights: reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 519 — Renovated; handsome
eunny furnished suites front rms.; mod. conv.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AMQY. THE 001 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or stnsie; billiards; steam heat.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opd. Grace Church,
with annex. S07 California st. — Attractive in-
terior; exceptional table; free billiard -room.
CHEAPEST and best in America' — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United Statca or Canada one year for $1.
ROOMS ASP BOARD WASTED.
WANTED — By young lady, room and board in
private family: location somewhere around
Jefferson square. Box 4033, Call.
BY young couple, board and room; quiet loca-
tion; closets, bath, good light, running wa-
ter; must be reasonable. Box 4047. Call.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; n*w method: 1 week's treat-
rr tent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 gutter st.
STUTTERIXC AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE 8ystem School. Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Frederick Joseph Home, 23. city, and Alma
B. C. McClung. 22. &57 Post street.
Charles gangster. 40, Chloride, Ariz., and
Ida Nagle. 34, Chnrlde. Ariz.
Albert P. NeF.«. 35, Taylor, and Maria L.
KrauH, 35, 12 Howard court.
Baltazar Silva, as, Danville, and Mary Nola,
17, Danville.
Anton Worel. 25. 2941 Washington street,
and Marie Wodraschka. 27. 2»4l Washington.
John J. Montevaldo. 23. South San Francisco,
and Lucy Borla, 22, South San Francisco.
Frank Mulligan, 28, 7C9 North Point street,
and Mary Kenny, 25, city.
William D; Grubb. 27, Merced, and Josephine
F. Reuter. 25, Merced. *
William K. Head. 26. 42»j O'Farrell street,
and Mary Bradley, 24, 17S0 Folsom Btrcet.
Karl E. Copper, 37, city, and Catherine M.
O'Brien, 25. city.
Maurice F. Shethan, 21, city, and Mary -\.
Sweeney, IS. city.
William K. Drles<-hman. 32, city, and Frieda
M. Klrchman. 22. city.
Oiusep[«« I'tlisi-a. XI, tn. Helena, and Maria
Pietronave. in. :tlt> Broadway.
Michael J. O'Keefe, 21, I»2» McAllister street,
and Margaret L. Small, 21. ."7 Woodward ave.
Manuel K. Cota. 39, 1247 Sacramento street,
and Rosa H. Avlla. 27. 1246 Sacramento street.
Oeorge A. Webster, 21), city, and Ada M.
IlU£!>ell. 21, oily.
Warren P. Lewis, 27. .'lOrio Van Xess avenue,
an>i Kthel M. Robertaon, 1». 17O*i Clay street.
S. August Kklund, 28, 1025 Hampshire street,
and I-rf-onla A. Schiller, 25, 271.1 Twenty-sec-
ond street.
Harry N. Peters. .'SO, Clackamas, Or., and
Anim M. Hatter. 27, Clackamas. Or.
Joseph Holle, 2«. S15 Hampshire street, and
Johanna H. M. Barner. „">. !»13 Treat avenue.
Joseph W. Htevens. 2tt, C01 Merchant street,
an<1 Marie L. T. <Jales. 27. f>01 Merchant ft.
Thomas J. Connollv. 20, 317 Harrison street,
an<1 Hannle I. Dore, 23, 1R7 California avenue.
Joseph L. Baker, 20. &<; Morris avenue, alid
Maggie Buclu. 2!». New London. Mo.
Alfred C Rfntree. 25, Mayfleld, and May
Tlckell." 2S, Nevada <"ity.
William W. Gliluly. 2H. 7fw> Bush street, nnd
Cora M. Glover. 25. 1Q2I Leavenworth ttreet.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marrfag-* and death notices sent by
mall will not be in*ert*<1. They must be handrrl
In at either of the publication offices and l«»
Indorsed with the name nnd residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BRADETREET— In this city. August 4. 190S,
to the wife of J. R. Bradstreet, a. son.
BUHLER— In Berkeley. July 30. 1903, to the
wife of C. Buhler, a son.
HAHN— In this city, August 4. 1903, to tho
wife of Felix Hahn of Mill Valley, a son.
KNOLES— In this 1 city, August 4, l»0.1. to the
wife of Fred T. Knolea, a daughter.
— ________ _
AVERILL— SHARTZER —In this city. July 25
.190:1. by the Rev. K. M. XV. Hills. D.D.,"
Frederick L. Averlll of Seattle, Wash., and
Callle G. -Fhartzer of Ean Francisco.
ELLINGSEX— MONSEN— In thia city. July
20.- 1003. by the Uev. O. Oroensberg, Ellas
Elllngsen and Bertha Monsen* — -
LARSEN— NELSON— In this city. August 1.
1903, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, pastor
, of the First English Lutheran Church, Hans
I.areen and Minnie Nelson, both of Ban
Francisco.
MEYER— SAXSENMEIER— In this city. Au-
gust 1. llMtt. by the Rev. Paul Branke, Frank
Meyer end Louise Saxsenmeier, both of Kan
Fraxiclisco.
MULVANY— JACKSON— In this city, August
2, 1WW. by the Hev, A. C. Bane, pastor of
Howard-Etreet Methodist Church, Henry c.
Mulvany and Ethel Alice Jackson, both of
Kan Francisco.
8ANl>— STREM— In this city. August 3. -1003.
by the Kev. O. Qroensberg. Hans C. Sand
and Jenny Strem. - ¦
DIED.
Allen, Arthur J. Leach, Dorothy E.
Becker. Dledrich I/oefler, Catherine •
Belli. Mansueto • McMahon. Ann .
Braun. Paulina Macomber. Mrs. N.'
Chlcholm. Joseph ' - Mayhew, Mary J. '
Cowell, Henry Mendelsohn. Natalia
,Daly, Annie O'Donnoll, Annie
"N Farnum, Charles A. Reid, Alma 8.
/ Flnley. Henry Rich, Mamie
Gallagher. Mary Roberts. James T.
Garrett, Annie . Shut tuck. Orvllle J.
Cigllo, Joseph Taylor, Charles Mel.
Goger, Kunlgunda Thompson, Robert A.
Holehan. Mrs. Ann Wall (Infant) . ¦
Jaquette, Sallle M. Wiserpan, Lawrence
King, Daniel
ALLEN— In this city. August 3, 1903, Arthur
J. Allen, a native of England, aged 82 year*
y month* and 6 day*.
CC rirlenJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from ¦ tho parlors
of Halsted & Co., 046 Mission street. Cre-
mation I.-O. O.F. Cemetery.
ST/\TIEv7V\__lNT
— or the —
CONDITION AND AFFAIKS
— -OF THE
_3»__£_i q Kb El JSDBSS H i«_ _¦ B m
ASSURANCE COMPANY, -
OP BERLIN. GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December,- A. D. 1002. and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and till of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In cash $250,000 00
ASSETS. !
Real Estate owned by Company.. S428.R34 34
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 145.000 00
Cash. Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. ..S6.51 . 2S
Cash In Company's Office 23,064 03
Cash In Banks 209,552 84
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.509 02
Due from other Companies. Agents,
etc • S2 1,841. 06
— -— ¦
Total Assets „
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid
Los3es In process of Adjustment].
or In. Suspense \ $343,778 73
Losses resisted, IncludingexpensesJ
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less.. $ : „„ ___ ,-
reinsurance 50 per cent 170,322 BO
Gross premiums on Marine and!
Inland Navigation Risks. *...; W1B Zl
reinsurance 100 per cent } 200.54S -S
Groes premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $...; reinsurance 50
per cent J
Liability under other departments. 314.51" 02
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 2«2 »V>
All other, liabilities • 3.5JM 77
Total Liabilities 4^030,01$ 70
INCOME.
Xet cash actually r-ceived for Fire
premiums • »427,7S3 41
Net -cash . actually received for -
Marine premiums JS6,528 IB
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 5. SSO 00
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds, Stocks, Loans
and from all other sources 2S.02S M
Received for. Rents 13.642 35
Received, from all other sources. 467,958 69
Total Income jt.330.68l 15
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
CiPCludlng $ losses of pre-' -_• .'
vious years) •. $ 2S1.812 »1
Net amaunt paid for Marine Lowes ;
(Including $.:.., losses of pre-
vious years) • 249,137 29
Dividends ' to Stockholders ' 50,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ......... ..•: 395,678 47
Paid' for Salaries. Fees and other -
charges for officers, clerks, etc.,
losses of other branches.'. ,..:.. 161,597 81
Paid for State National and Local "
taxes • ¦• t"> 2.90075
AH other payments and expen-
ditures . ....... .........,...'. 47.807 ©6
; Total Expenditures .$1.1*9.085 19
Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks » .
written during the
year : 1222.226.500 $420.00710
Net 'amount of Risks .
expired during the
year 223,918,893 427.783 41
Net amount in force - ¦ ¦
December 31. 1002.. 88,256,800 170.322 60
Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the . . y
year...'.... ....... $188,102,211 $2,367,668 17
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ... 38.404,424 386,528 1 8
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902.. 10.462.357 125,543 28
* PAUL SZELINSKI. Prest.
MARC. MAUEL. S«ey.
Subscribed- and sworn to before me. this
30th day of April, . 1003. ¦<
JAMES H. NOUNAN. '
gfffl U. S. Consul General.
GUTTE^FRANK,
General Agents*
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
* MEDICAL.
i)R. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
V n trouMe consult this specialist on female
compisints; positively corrected; the unror-
•tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
•ed; advice free. Otflce. 1C1S Market st.
A-,Mrs. Dr. Sv.cn takes ladles before and dur- \
ting conftremeat: infants adopted: flS; $3
root»p"& board; 25 years' experience. 2S2 7th.
MRS. DTi. WYETH. rpeclallEt for all female
'compla-lnts; instant relief guaranteed: 30
yeary' -.experience. 72S Post ft., near Jones.
MR£ T'R. KOHL, reliable Fpecialist for all fe-
ma'.e troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
¦ .^lict guaranteed. 100^14 Market Ft., cpp. 5th.
$CB_ D.-ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
fci-ecuUlst; a private home before and during
¦ .<•! r.fiy e ment ; best modical care; low fees.
¦13R. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
method of treatment. 112C Market Ft.
T>rf. Goodwin, 7S3 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
I J '.n obgtetrtcg. female comp-.; 25 yrs.experlenee
I'R. RO'SEN. moved to 2395~Folsom st., cor.
\26tfc;. relief ;i0; ladies' exclusive office.
» R. NG TOY KEE, 319 Powell et.. opposite
*f nlon«s<;ua.re: all rfiFeaseis cured by herbs.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET. >
!:3tMA EPRECKELS buildir.R. J27 Market s1. —
Oltce to let; rent $15- light. hoiT. ;anltor anl
ASHTON & i.VHDINER. ;
712 SAJCSOME ft . near Jackson— Handsome
. large ; rent $2^ ¦
ejORE suitable for bakery; 1 -J av a st. Apply
4i'-* Buer.a VUta ave.
• PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES KEMOVED.
•* Wrinkles, yellow an i flabby tkin. birthmarks,
arnallpox pittirgs an<5 tears scientilica.ly re-
r:ove<! without cutting. massage.electricity or
raedicire- special demonstrations this week.
Call or write PR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
WANTED 777 ladles with scalp diseases; lots
, o'. hair and premature grayness prevented.
(Can treat by mail. Blank for ptar.ip.) Con-
• ruitsftkn free. fc:W to «: Sundays. 10 to 12.
Prof. :-GEO. A. CARLOW. Specialist, room
21f. TO" Market ft."
MORPHINE opium and laudanum habit? cured
t •*¦ home by a painless home treatment: in-
<!crt=e*i and us. & ty leading physicians: corre-
rpend^nce E— Ictljr confidential; Sn pla'.n.eeale-S
envelope; call or write tc-day. India Drug |
Cure, .201 Turk st.; Bruce D Kirr iinis. Mgr.
THE S5tar lla'.r Remedy restores gray hair, im-
piovrs its growth ;stops falling;eures dandruff,
»nd Itching scalp: no etaln or stickiness;
•eieantes sca!p;at dnifrgrists'. hairdressers' :ac-
1 ' ccjif c© substitute. Star RemedyCo..SS5Ge&ry.
I»*HI:NHY VESSBT. will not be responsible
" Tor ajsy debts incurred by my wife. Mrs.
'HUzabetb.Veascr, the having left my bed and
• *.boaVd. August o. 1903.
NOT how cheap but how good. I* the motto of 1
the * manoIactBrers of the Rapid Rotary 1
. * Standard the' ?c«irg-rr.achire of to-day. J. !
W. EVAN?, aprr.t 1C21 Market st. I
FHTEXCXAX 15 years' experience, cures per- j
. •n-.ar.er.tly rocrphtne, cocaine habit. Call cr j
e<-;<J~_ 'Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
Corner gutter Et.; fee racdera ite.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and :
" Sun*sy evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
fU. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
,AT Jets than cost uncalled for suit*, overcoats
• and trouwni at CHARLES LYONS'. London
.". T-ilof. 721 Market gt.
"ICLEGaVt ruits on eafy Installments; 50 cents
Vnd up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth. 1
MIN — Meet me Thursday mornirg. 10:10, Sixth j
Market stf.; important. G. J. R. ' (
.triTS to order on Installments. *1 per week. |
• Neuhaus & Co.. merch.tailors .727-723 M.-.'ket. j
'ALL s-Jyles hairdresslng. 21>c; hair goody; :narii- •
c*rir,g 25c. G. LEDEKER, 123 Stockton st. j
TAILOR-MADE FUit $7 50: dre*s pants $2 50. i
Parior, cor. Eush and Uupont. j
SUPERFLUOUS hair ar.d tnck-s removed by !
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll70Market 1
•JASQT'ERADE cortumes, flay books. v.ig«. )
country prgers. GOLDSTEIN & fO. 731 Mkt. |
ALFREDl'M'S Er rrtian Henna restores pray j
hair to its natural color; $1. at all druggists."
fcuperfluots hair & moles removed with e!ec- I
trie r.eelie. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutler.
VARICOSE veins «.nd catarrh cured at hrme,
• Call or write for testimonial*. Dr. WILL-
c TAM.S CO.. l«f) O^ary yt.. S. F.
PALMIST- V.
tlADAM PEVAS. scientific pa!mirt and astrolo- !
. girt. Ofice. 26 Lieb»s bid*.. 13» Post st. : $1 j
: &!ra Tfidirifz a Fp<*cialtv; open Tuesday eve, j
• • yAVERIIAXCrXG. PAIVTIXC. ETC j
lliX3ilS papered. $3 CO up; tinting, painting, j
Hertrr.fcrn Palat Co.. Sift 3d ft.; tel. Ma.1n 413 I
PHYSICIAN'S AAD »li:»;EO.\S. !
1JR. C. C. O'DOXXELL — Office and residence.
1021 hi Market gt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
VlXfOD. ekln and rectal diseases a epecia.lt>-.
DR. BALL. U73^ Market *L
ilKilOVED— DR. V.ONG HIM. herb doctcr;
treat* all diseases of the human body; lor
j art fmjr years at 115-117 llason; notr lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary et.. near Leavenworth.
Vli. TONG PO CHY. EueceFscr to Dr. Li Po i
Tai, herb doctor; cures all diseases of human j
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG .WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis- I
•-tin-* cu-ed by Chinese herbs. 7*6-8 Clay 3t. I
PP.CPCs-ALS— Bids wanted— Not'.re Is hereby
gives that scaled proposals will be received I
by th« Beard cf Directors of the Veterans' I
Hcrfne of Caflfornia at room 13. S20 Sansome !
, *t.. £an Francisco, Cal.. up to 3:30 o. m.
cti MQN"DAY. August 10. 1503. for furnishicg
wilcrrr. coats, pants and blouses for the Vet- |
»rsr*" Home. Napa County. Cal. (R. R. sta- ,
tlcn." Tcuatville), tor six months, ending De- j
ceir.ber 31, TJ03. Prtfercsce will be given to
Eoc-5s_ manufactured in this State, price.
. tt'r/fs and quality b*>ing equal, under the
prcH-wioni rt «h—;. 3247 of the Political Code.
Each biadtr niu£t accompany his b:d with a
jcertiSe<l check upon tome well-know-n and re-
epontifcl^ banking house for «t least 10 per
cf the arnouTJt cf his bid, payable to
C» Mason Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that
the bidder will enter into a good and valid
cc.'Ctr«ct upon notice of accectance. as re-
<;ii:r<d by law. The board reserve^ the right
to reject soy ct &.1 bids ttnd to order any
c SjsaStSty over cr «r.d»r the amount specified.
Aiir^ss Jcha F. Eheehan. secretary of tte
Rcar'i cf Directcrf of the Veterans' Home of
California, room 13, 320 SanEcrae St.. Baa
Francisco, Cal. Ey crder of the Bosrd of
• c Dfrectfcrs. JOHM F. SHEKHAN. See.
rrjOPOSAIfP tr, T pub'.lc b'T»li]lneF. Offic- rr>t,-
(itru'-tiTi^ qiian<"rmaFt»r, U. s. A.. 34 Keat-
ing*-blork. i^sn Diejro, Cal.; Aug. 5 lJ»v)3 I
*^*aled rT°PO'a!». in triplicut*.. «|;| ' r , p Tf .'_ I
•reived rtere until lft a. m.. H«=ptemr»er 4 1J«11
*t\6 then be opened for thp ennpt ruction'
r.l«mbinjr. heating and elertri- trlrlnir of two
double efficers" quarterp, one double N-C-O-
guarterF and one ooa?t artillery barrack at
rort Rosecrans. C«I. A KU».r«ntee require
to amount to Irt per c*nt of bid. Preferen^-
»ill be given to f.n\r\^ «,f domestic prrKluc-
tion co«) and quality cnnf=1-lerf^. and to
• rtlclen of Ameriran prMuctlrn froduced or
manufacturr-d r.n the Parifi- foa ft . Hidder.
rnjft ftare in their bid* «h«> tin* in which
fthey will ~"npl»f» vrnr*. I'l^trtictlor.a to bid
¦iTf fumiehed »t thi* office r, r at offW o*
'hler quartrrmsrt»r. San F- r anr| ? <-o <- a i *
where plans end cperlflcaticnK ta r be F »n'
l.*nit»d Ffst#* r»w>rveK the rirht tr ac«ept r r
reject any or ell bid(=. or any j.-srt thereof
Envelopes containing r'roporal* »1k<uM be in-
norped '•proporalr for Public RuPdtreti Kort
ni»«Tan>. Cal.'' <TAPT. R. 11. R'tLFB.'Q M.
DIVIDCM) XOTICES.
IJIVWKSD Notice— Th» GlBrrTrnnierTvm^
liiriy. ("on.- A dividend No. ,V5, < f fifty c^nts
«.Vicfc per shure on the lF«=ued capital sfy-k of j
the company ha« b*en declared, payable s>t
offlc* of the company, rnome 2"2. 2<:< an d 2fw..
Hay«er<1 boildinK. San Kranrinco. AuguFt 1<»,
ISVI3. Transfer books close Augurt 3, I!40:i)
«t no^n. C. C. QUIXW. Fecreta^.-.
DISSOLUTION OF PAHT\_Il!>HIP.
1(> WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
If. McDONAU) iz no longer a member of
• . the firm of G. T. JON'ES & CO.. he having
this day sold all his right, title and Interest
* therein to the reTnain.ng rnernijer^ of the f?rm,
, sTOttACS A.\D VAJlE JJ^5^5£l_^
A— EMPORIUM 6tor«ge'_rvan Co. : furnltur*. I
thou**hold roods stored moved Ehipped. 725- |
731 Howard et., near Third; phqpe Grant 161.
piERCE-RobbT/plTetorVeT&'Movlng Co.. of-
* flc/ Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Priv. Ex. 67L
OOXKLIN'S *'orap«— Furniture end merchan-
dite. 3X3 GcWif n Gate ave.; phone East ISO.
5OLDE.V Wrrt Storage- advances made; 640
. Mlwslon st. : tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC EtoraRe and Furniture UovinK Com-
pajy. 2320 Fillmore st.; phono Jackson — 1-
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: u-1. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
* TYPEWRITERS AAD SUPPI-I— S.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
- tell bettor tr.achines for less xaoney than any
hotfse In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
C36 California; telephone Main 26«-
A FEW rood typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
_gcroery gt. .
t^HANB typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
V\ ebeter Typewriter laepec Co., 203 fiaasome.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR 8AX1B.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do You Want to Make Money T
Then Eelect Lou tn Our New Blocks.
Choicest Locations. Lowest Prices, Easiest
* terms.
$500 to 11000. Sunset District. AU Graded
and Sewered. $10 Monthly.
Sunset Branch Of flee on Ninth ave., near H
Street. Open Sundays and Holidays.
•"Oeeanslde" Lou. Just Being Graded!
Nothing Like It Ever Offered Here I
Every Lot Has a Superb Ocean and Park
View!
H Street, 46th, 47th and 48th Avenues,
Fronting Park and Ocean Electric Line.
Only Graded Boulevard Lots Fronting Ocean!
Don't Miss Seeing Them To-Day!
All Sold on Easy Terms!
Call for Diagrams and Prices!
Oceanside Branch Office on Forty-ninth Avenue
and K Street, Open Sundays.
New Level Lots In Excelsior Homestead.
Only $200 Each. $5 Monthly.
Near Mission-street Electric Car Line.
f :200. $2000 to (3000. 4, & and 6-Room Modem
Cottages in Sunset. Richmond and Excelsior
Homeetead. Easy Terms.
SOL GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers,
Room 54, Chronicle Building.
____ - \ '.
AUGUST OFFERING.
< ."> building lots for sale at half their value.
Your choice of one or more lots at $200 each,
cash, or Installment; good improvements sur-
round these lots. Title perfect.
"Tounjr man, buy real estate In Fran-
cisco, and then work hard at your usual voca-
tion. Your real estate will make your old age
comfortable."
For further information write or call on
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO..
207 Montgomery street, ' '- '-'/'¦'.¦¦.
San Francisco, California.
NINTH STREET LOT.
25x100.
Street stone raved: cable cars passing.
PRICE $3000. x
AN OFFER WANTED.
f - ¦ ' - '
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
JOSEPH PTRAl'B. C30 Market St
$2(>00 — 2 flats. 9 rooms, basement; rear house
4 rooms; basement of 2 rooms; Mason and Fil-
bert sts.
$S5<X) — Good income property: nice locality;
3 bay-window fiats; basement; sun all day;
l«ays over 11 per cent.
Nice level lots on Eighteenth and Nineteenth
aves.; easy installment or cash; south of park;
marine view. ¦
$2co — Choice level lots, ready to build on;
Excelsior Homestead; Mission; installment.
THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COM-
PANY. 511-512 Callaghan building, will buy
you a lot and build you a house; small cash
payment: $8 per month pays rrindpal and
Interest on each $1000 of balance due.
$2000 — HOUSE of 6 rms. and b. on Clipper St.,
nr. Church: good barn; $500 down; bal. easy
t error: must be sold. D. COFFIN & CO.,
S303 Mission st., opp. Twenty-ninth.
FOR sale — House 8 rms.: high basement; sunny
tide 19th, bet- Valencia & Mission: no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. 221 Powell.
J2Srje— RENTS S.-50: 3 flats. 4 r. each on Vallejo
St., nr. Leavenworth. Address 112S Vallejo.
N. W. CORNER of Folsom and Eighteenth
its.; 50x100, Apply at 2138 Folsom st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Iff paces. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
ItKAL ESTATE — Conntrr — Fop Sale. |
H. E. POnHLMAN*. 301 Montgomery Ft.
Phone Main S49.
Two tracts of Al timber land, redwood and
sugar pine.
$15,000 — L'nequaled proposition; about 40
acres: large water front; close to San Fran-
cisco: house, barn, etc.; will make fine club
grounds or resort.
Pome choice homes and lots at San Rafael,
Ross Valley, etc.
ALFALFA lan<!.«. Ftock ranches, orchards,
vineyard?; inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 645
Mr.rket st.
J!d,<if>0 — 4O ACRES Rood healthy vineyard near
Kivermcre. HiLA^ C. WRIGHT. Livermor-.
A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
1< rages, tn - r»pp"r. for miiHnr. t\ per year.
MBIKUAV REAL ESTATE.
MAPS and information of San Rafael. Ross
and Mill valleys and Marln County of
CROKER & CO., real estate agents, 137
Montgomery »t.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
REAL estate exchange h specialty; free printed
lis-t. Pacific Coast Exchanee Bureau. 630
Market st. ¦-¦ ¦- - .-
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
jTsT^VHXrT6^TAi_n^KTNG^FOR?
A PHETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers' and fruit trees; near
train and schcols; only $2S50;lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
Trl. Grand Uri. ir.(X> Park gt., Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
<
$4000— R-ROOM house. J507 Prince et.: stable,
chlcken-fhed; fruit: lot 160x135; street
work done; sidewalks complete. I also
have 120 houses for eale. from $100O to
12.O0O. Come and Investigate.
W. r. MORAN & CO..
2131 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
$4000—1507 PRINCE St.. near Santa Fe R. R.;
large S-room house: high basement: sta-
ble; cow barn; 7 houses for chickens; lot
160x135; street work complete; call and
(aspect.
W. C. MORAN & CO..
2131 Shattuck ave.. .Berkeley.
FINE. new. handpome cottages: up to date; al!
conveniences: close to cars: large lots; $l. r .f.O
to (1COO; only $200 cash, balance $16 SO per
month.
W. G MORAN. Lorln station, or
C. C.'EMSLIE. Ashby station.
FOR fair dealing, fair prices and good bargains
in houses, lots and renting, see MURDOCK
it CO.. Lorin station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND UBAL ESTATE.
$10CO— LARGE lot, between .Telegraph ave. and
Grove St.; good surroundings; near Fif-
tieth di.; only 100 feet from Telegraph
ave.; this lot sold for $1200 ten years ago;
owner wants to dispose of all cf his real
estate; come ajid investigate it and make
ofTer; lot SCxlCi>. • . .
G. H. VOSE, Real Estate.
¦ ¦ ¦ ' ' • -. • 111« Broadway. Oakland.
JJOOK AT THIS.
IF you want to buy a cheap home .on easy
terms H will pay you to see P. C. LASSEN
& CO.. 4C6 Tenth «t,. Oakland.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
cIbco. for Oakland. Berkeley nr rural homes.
OAKLAND HOOMS AND DOAUD.
TO RENT — Rooms and' private board. - 602
Fourteenth «t., Oakland. . -
OAKLAND FUHMTURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORKOW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. Schetlhaas. 11th st. cor, store. Oaklnd
ItOOMSr FOR HOPSEICEEjPIXG.
EDDY, 210—2 rooms for housekeeping: running
water, gas stove furnished, stationary tubs;
cheap rent; also other rooms. ¦ - ;
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments, {or
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nlshed. 1630 Polk st.
JESSIE. 333 — Large, sunny front room; fur-
nished; housekeeping; gas range; $12.
LASKIE. 27. bet. Eighth and Ninth, off Mis-
sion— Three sunny furnished room*; <14.
SEVENTH. 1H1— To let, furnUhed rooms for
housekeeping. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH oftlce for Call aiJverttsemenU and
subscription* has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE No. 2— Sisters:
You are requested to be present at the
month's mind requiem ma?s for the repose of
the soul of our late sister, 1 Delia Gibson, at
St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street, to-morrow
(Thursday)., at 7:30 o'clock.
MARY DONOVAN, Rec. Sec.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association —
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for parents and
' relatives of living members, will be sung In
St. Dominic's Church Thursday, at 9 o'clock.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from the
' residence of his sister. Mrs. G. W. Huie,
Forbes avenue, San Rafael, at - 2 o'clock,
Thursday, August 6. Interment' private.
WALL— In this city, August 3, 1903. Infant
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M. K. Wall, a na-
tive of San Francisco. : .\-rl _¦¦¦
WISEMAN— In this city, August 2. 1903, Law-
re nee J. Wiseman, a native of Wisconsin,
aged 40 years. '
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
'-(Wednesday), at 9:30 a. m., from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn £ Co., 214 Eddy
street, thence to St. Mary's Church for ser-
vices, • commencing at 10 a. m. Members of
the Electrical Workers' Union requested to
attend. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '
_r Services will be held to-^ay (Wednes-
day), at 2:30 o'clock, at his late residence,
2919 Laguna street, between Union and Fil-
bert. Interment private. Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Kindly omit flowers.
THOMPSON— August 4, 1903, Robert A.
Thompson, son of the late Judge R. Aug.
Thompson, a native of Virginia, aged 73
years. '¦ .
Stedman Reid, beloved wife of R. Reid, aged
22 years 1 month and . 19 days.
ICyFuneral Thursday, August 6. Inter-
ment ' atvOakland." private.
RICH— In» Spokane. Wash.. . July ¦ 31, 1903.
i Mamie ; Rich, beloved wife of L. C. Rich,
daughter of John and the late Catherine
Hayes,- and sister of Timothy and T. F.
Hayes. Mrs. V. Toletti, Mrs. Frank Errico.
Mrs. Bernard Rueben and the late John
Hayes.
ROBERTS— In this city, July. 31. 1903. James
: Thomas Roberts, beloved son of Julia A. and
the late Edward Roberts, and : brother 01
Mollle. Xaura, Robert and Russell Roberts
and Mrs. F. W. Blodgett of Oakland. Mrs. J.
O. White and the late George and Albert
Roberts, a native of Yolo County, Cal., aged
44 years and 17 days. • ,
ICTFuneral and interment In Yolo. Yolo
County, Cal. Remains at the chapel of
Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1900 Mission
street. , between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
BHATTUCK— In this city. August 1. 1903, Or-
vllle J. Shattuck, a native of New York, aged
75 years.', -,:
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner of Market and Seventh
streets, under the auspices of Fidelity Lodge.
No. 222. I. O.O. F. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. Remains at the funeral parlor of
Bunker &-Lunt,.2(J66 Mission street, Mission
Masonic . Temple". '• ¦ .
TAYLOR— In this city, August 2. 1903, Charles
Mclntosh Taylor, dearly beloved son of Mary
and the late David Taylor, a native of San
Francisco, aged 34 years 4 months and 23
days. A member of Nlantic Parlor. N. 8.
G. W. . - .
BECKER— In this city, August 2. 1903, at
his residence/. 837 Butter street, corner of
Leavenworth. Diedrich Becker, dearly be-
loved husband of Wllhelmine Becker, - and
father of Mrs. J. E. C. von Orsen, Mrs, Aug.
Hansen. Mrs. E. A. Groeringer and Edna
Becker, a native of Hanover, aged 57 years
and 4 months.
IT7Friends and acquaintances and mem-
' bers of Concordia Lodge No. 122. I. O. O. F. :
Walhalla Encampment No. i 7, I. O. O. P..
-• and Walhalla Rebecca Lod-a No. 130, I. O.
0 F. are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral to-day (Wednesday), at 2 p. m.,
. from St. Markus Church, on O'Farrell street,
between Franklin and Gough, where the
' funeral services will be held. Please omit
- flowers. Interment Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery.
BELLI— In Colma. August 2, 1903. Mansueto
•Belli, dearly beloved husband of Ernesta
» Belli, and beloved father of Angelina Diva,
Teresa and Laura Belli, a native of San
Donatn, Lucca, Italy, aged B2 years 4 months
and 20 days. A member of Court Colma No.
83.:V. of "A. '>'"•-, , -
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. August 5, 1903, at 2. o'clock," from hl3
lat« residence, Colma station, San Mateo
County. N. B. — At 10 o'clock Wednesday
there will be celebrated at St. Ann's Church
a requiem high masa for the repose of his
soul. Interment Italian Cemetery (vault).
BRAUN— In this city. August 4. 1903. at the
German Hospital, Paulina Braun, beloved
wife of Richard H.- Braun. and beloved
, mother of Roaco Braun and Mrs. Harry E.
" Hunter of Los Angeles, a native of Germany,
aged 52 'years. * .*',
CHISHOLM-rln this city.. August 4. 1900, Jo-
seph, beloved son of Daniel and Delia Chis-
holm, and brother of Lillle, Laura."' Vera and
May Chisbdlm, a native of Eureka, Hum-
boldt County, Cal., aged 24 years 8 months
and 3 day?.
' t^Frienrls and acquaintances are" respect-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street,
between Eighth and Ninth, thence to I St.
James Church for services. Interment Holy
'Cross Cemetery. J .. .
COWELL— In this city, August 4. 1003, Henry
Cowell, a native of Massachusetts, aged 84
years. *
E7"Funeral private. Please omit flowers.
DALY— In this city. August 3. 1903, Annie,
beloved wife of the late Frank Dalj. and
mother of Henry J. Daly, Mrs. Jennie Gaff-
ney and Mrs. J. V. Prior, a native of County
; Clare.\(reland. v '
(UT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her daugh-
ter's residence, 82 Rausch street, thence to
St. Joseuh's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
FARNUM— In Oakland, August 3. 1903. Charles
Alson; beloved husband of Mattie A. Fai-
num, and father of Edmond Truesdale Far-
' num. a native of Maine, aged, titi years
7 months and h days. Past master of
King Solomon Lodge No. 260, F. ¦ and
A. M. ; a member of King David- Lodge
No. 209, and the Royal Arch Chapter; past
prelate of Han Luis Oblspo *Commandery;
past commander of Steele Peat? G. A. R., all
• of San Luis Oblspo; a member of Valley
Lodge, A. O. U. W., of San Francisco.
. ItyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock 'at Ma-
sonic Temcle, corner Twelfth and Washing-
tori streets. Oakland, under the auspices of
Live Oak Lodge No. 61, F, and A. M.
FINLEY— In the City and County Hospital ,-
August 3, liKtt, - Henry Flnley, a native of
Ireland, aged 40 year*.
GALLAGHER— In this city, August 2, 1903.
Mary, beloved wife of the late Bernard Gal-
lagher, and dearly beloved mother of Rose,
Daniel and Mollle Gallaghfr, a native of
County Donegal, Ireland, aged 67 years 6
months and 2'J days.
t^Frierids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invitad to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at fl:SO o'clock, from her late
residence, 22!) Langton street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
GARRETT— In this city. August 4. 1903. An-
nie, beloved wife of James Garrett, and
mothe'r of James and Percy W. Garrett. a
native of London, England, aged 57 years.
(Hamilton. Ont., and Houston, Tex., papeis
please copy.) . • . .
CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, August «. 190.1. at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 3<>3
.Montgomery avenue. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
GIOLIO— In Stockton. Cal., August 2. 1903,
• Joseph, dearly beloved son of Anita Valenr.l-
-ana, and brother of Bertie Gislio, Mary and
Rose Valenzlana and Mrs. .Vincent l'enru •
bene, a native of California, aged 26 years
3 months and 1 day. •
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to. day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from southwest
corner of Bay street and Montgomery ave-
nue. Interment New Italian Cemetery.
GOGKR — In Oakland. Auguvt 2, 1903, Ku-
nlgunda Goger, sister of Wolburga Ka*t, and
aunt of John S. and Louis S. Kust and I
Thomas and Ben Selberllch. a native of Ger-
many, aged -82 years-and 15- days. A mem-
ber of the Chrlstllche Mutter Vereln.
CJ7"Fneiitl« arid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to. attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
v Company, 1209- Mission street, between
Eighth and Ninth,- thence to St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, near Jones
street, where a requiem high maRs will be
celebrated for the ifpo«o( her soul, com-
mencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Crews
Cemetery. ' . ......
HOLEHAN— In San Jose. August 2, 1003, Mrs.
Ann Holehan. belovi-d wife of Patrick Hole-
ban, a native of Ireland, aged W years.
CirKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), ¦ August B, at 10 a. m.. .from
hvr late residence, 21 Edwards avenue, therue
to £t. Joseph's Church.' where a eolemn re-
quiem mass will be said for the repose of her
kouI, commencing at 10:30 a. m. Interment
Santa Clara Cemetery.
JAQUETTK— In Koarsarge, New Hampshire,
July 25, faille M. Jaquctte.
KING — In lierkeley.- August 4, IIWI. Daniel
King.- father of P. G. and John G. King
and Mrs. Catharine Scott, a native of. Ster-
Hngshlre, i^otland, aged iM> years 8 months '
and 25 clays. . ¦¦ ' ',
LEACH— In this city, August 3, 1903, at her
residence. 233 Dolores street. Dorothy Kllza- I
beth Leach, beloved daughter of Richard and
Elizabeth Leach, a native of Liverpool, -Eng-
land, aged IS years 7 months and 16 days. ¦
IT?"!- 1 km ids and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day I
(Wednesday), from the Mission Dolores .
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
b*; celebrated for the repose or her soul, com-
menclng at 9 o'clock: Interment Holy CrpsB
Cemetery. ¦
LOEFLEH — In this city. August 3. 1903 Cath-
erine Loefler. beloved mwner of . Ma'rt G.
and Phillip Loefler, Mrs. C. II. Schlueter,
Mrs. If aac Grant and Mr*. Jay R. Mahone.
a native of Germany, aged 67 years 11
months and 18 days.
C?"Tlie funeral services will take place to.
day < Wednesday*, at 1 o'clock, at the "resi-
dence of her daughter. Mrs. .Ifaac Grant,
1601 Golden Gat* avenue. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from Eight-
eenth end Guerrero streets.
McMAHON— tn this city. August 3, 1903, Ann
Mi-Mahon. beloved mother of John J.. Phillip
P., Charles F. and George W. T. McMahon,
Mrs. Susie T. Boyl». Mrs. Annie E. Hynes
and the"late Mrs. Mary C. Lewis, a native
01 Queens County. IreUnd, aged 11 years.
(T-fKrlendk end acquaintances ate respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. August's, 1903, at 8 :."50 o'clock, from her
Iftte residence, 811 Greenwich street, thence
to 8t. Francis Church, where a requiem high
mass will b* celebrated for the repose of her
fouI. commencing; at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MACOMBKK-In till— city. August 4. 1303,
Mrs. Nancy Macomber, mother of Mrs. J.
'II. Lock, & native of Maine, aged 89 years
1 menth and 25 days.
E7 Friends ami acoualntancew ar« respect-
fully InvltitS. tn attend the funeral to-morrow
? Thurwiay). at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. SI9 Grove atreet. Interment private.
MAYHBW — In Pacific Grove. August 3 lDOa,
Mary .1.. wife of the Rev. 11. a. Mayhew of
Sacramento, and mother of Charles P and
Frank J. Mayhcwiind Mrs. Mary' E. Phlpps
aped 7<i years « month* and 2 days.
fcrFuneral at chapel. Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery, this city, promptly at 1 o'clock to-day.
MENDKLSOMN— August ,1, 1903. Natalia Men-
flelsohn. beloved wife of Mnrrin P. MendH-
Sohii. and belove.1 .mother of I<ouis Emma
Bertha, Philip, Sadie, Sam and Isador Men-
delsohn, a -of Keempau, Germany
aged 50 years 7 months and. S day*.
(CTFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
tully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
fWednesduy). at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1047 Golden' Gate 'avenue,' between
"Scott Biul lV5Vlsnde.ro Btreatx, and thence by
• eleTtrlc funeral -car. 'leaving Eighteenth ana
Guerrero streets at 2:30 o'clock to New isa-
lem Cemetery tor Interment.
O'DONNELL^-There will be an anniversary
requiem mats In Bt. Teresa's Church, Nine-
teenth and Tennessee streets. Potrero, next
Thursday morning, . at 9:30 o'clock, for the
repose of the soul of" the late Annie O'Don-
nell. Friends are invited..
REID— In* H«y wards, August 4, 1903, Alma
I OFFICE! 916 MARKET ST. _
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
" (Successors to Flannagan ' * Gallagher.) ' ¦ '
DANIEL P." DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth *t., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone , 8outh 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS^
——— Funeral Directors and Kmb»lmer»
• Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
Now at S6« MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth St.
Equipments at Moderate Rates.Fred Herrman, 22 years of age, pleaded
guilty to a charge of burglary in the sec
ond degree : before Judge Cook , yesterday
and will be , sentenced ', on Saturday. On
May 9 he entered the premises of M.
Marcuse & Co., 125; Sansome street, and
was discovered hiding, under a box.
Pleads Guilty to Burglary.
A United. States Civil Service examina
tion Is announced for testing engineer.
Bureau of Forestry, to be' held on Sep
tember 2. Minimum age limit, 20 years;
salary, $1200, to $1500 per \annum. Apply
to the commission • at Washington, D. C,
or to the secertary of the Consolidated
Board of Examiners, 301 Jackson street,
for application form 1312. • '
Forestry Engineer Wanted.
In the United States District Court yes
terday Rose L. Bushnell-Donnelly, Mar
tha P. Owen, R. H.« McDonald Jr. and B.
Donnelly of San Francisco filed a petl
tton asking that the California Ladles'
Publishing Company be declared a bank
rupt and that a receiver be appointed to
supervise the edition now in course of
preparation known as the Women's Re
lief CorpB edition of the California La
dles' Magazine. ; They ask that Aloysius
Paskulich be ordered to make an account
ing and that he bo enjoined from Interfer
ing with the publication in any way.
The petition asking for the appointment
of a recelverJ is signed by Mrs. Owen.
She alleges that Paskulich has received
large sums for advertising and from
other sources and that he has converted
the receipts to his own use. The allega
tion is made also that he induced several
of the directors and stockholders Illegally
to surrender their stock. .
Allege That Aloysius Paakulich Has
• Retained Moneys Collected for
Them From Advertisers. , I
LADY EDITORS PETITION
* COURT FOR ACCOUNTING
Will Print Municipal Reports.
i The Supervisor's Printing Committee
recommended yesterday the acceptance of
the bid of the Commercial Publishing
Company, to print 1500 municipal reports
for the fiscal years 1901-1902 and 1902-1903
at, 30 cents per. page and no charge for
alterations.
• The question of the legality of the ac
tion of the Board of Public Works In
abolishing the office of Chief - x of the
Bureau of Streets is to be tested in the
courts. Yesterday Benjamin Heath, who
formerly held the office, .filed a suit for
a writ of mandate, compelling the board
to reinstate him. He claims that the po
sition was under civil service and that
as no charges were preferred against
him, his removal was illegal.
Disputes Board's Power.
The Fire Commissioners referred yes
terday to the Board of Supervisors the
petition of the American District Tele
graph Company to establish in this city
Us. central office system of night watch,
signal and fire alarm service. Under this
system signal boxes are placed in raer
cahtib houses and factories, so as to com
pel watchmen to thoroughly patrol all
parts of the premises. The boxes are to
serve as fire alarm signals to be delivered
to .the Fire Department through under
ground conduits.- • v
Auxiliary Fife Alarm System.
Attorney General Approves Title.
Attorney General TJ. S. "Webb, in re
sponse to a request from Governor Par
dee, has rendered an opinion approving
the title to the Steffens residence property
in Sacramento, which the Capitol Com
missioners propose purchasing for a Gov
ernor's mansion. In accordance with a re->
cent act of the Legislature.
have procured the information from the parents
contained in the birth certificate, which. It la
claimed by counsel for the petitioners, was not
u«d until the return of the mother the follow
ing year. Jfay 5, 1805. at which time It was
presented by the conspirators to secure the
landing of the fictitious daughter.
DENTAX OF PARENTS.
The opinion then goes on to say that
the father and mother denied ever having
seen the birth certificate before. But the
Commissioner found that the genuine
signature of Wong Lin In English was
attached to the certificate. Both parents,
however, denied that the signature was
genuine. On the following day the father
was recalled and admitted that he had
thought the matter over and that he had
been mistaken when he said that ' the
signature was not genuine.
The Commissioner added that in order
to assume that the story of the petitioners
was correct It would be necessary to be
lieve that the Chinese Consul, the steam
ship officials and all others involved were
members of a conspiracy against the pe
titioners. The Commissioner drove the
nail "home by adding:
Now this is what in fact actually took
place: Inspectors Lynch and Boyce called
upon the father and from the memorandum
signed by them at the time It appears that
the father stated that "Lum Shee is his wife
"and Wong Sew Tal is his daughter, and they
are now on the steamer Gaelic." This in Itself
exposes {the entire fallacy of the aj;ered con
spiracy. On its- face such a conspiracy is
wholly unreasonable.
The Commissioner next adverted to the
testimony of D. J. O'Leary. who made the
entries upon the departure record and
who swore positively that the entry con
cerning the scars on the girl's neck were
made by himself, and that Dick Williams
acted only as interpreter.
PERJURY ALL THROUGH;
The opinion then proceeds in the fol
lowing strong language:
In fact I am strongly Impressed that the
entire case on behalf of the girl Is perjury
from its Inception, and Illustrates what I
have had occasion to remark from my experi
ence in a large number of these Chinese cases,
that any number of Chinese witnesses can be
procured to testify to any fact it is desired
to establish; and that the testimony of white
witnesses whose principal business Is transacted
among Chinese must be received with great
caution.
If we take the records as recitlns the truth
In this case the matter Is very simple. The
mother did take back her daughter, who was
at that time 9 years of age and had the
scars as recorded by Mr. O'Leary at the time
of their departure and that such girl returned
with her mother and was duly landed on May
11. 1S05; that the letter written by the sec
retary of the Chinese Consul was fcona fide:
that he was not a party to any conspiracy
with Dick Williams: and that in fact there
was no such conspiracy and that these people
are now fraudulently attempting to land this
thirteen-year-old girl as the daughter taken
to China by the mother on April 10. 1S94, not
expecting that the records, some eljrht years
old. would bi discovered .and produced against
them.
The Commissioner ordered that the girl
be remanded for deportation to China-
Attorney McGowan stated that he would
take the case to the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals.
Arrested for Driving Lame Horse.
Officers McCurry and Unger of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals yesterday arrested Patrick Rey
nolds for driving a disabled horse. Offi
cer' Unger also shot and killed the horse
belonging to L. Cagnacci. who keeps a
coal yard at 1623 Powell street. The ani
mal was in such a condition that it fell
exhausted in the street and was unable
to rise.
. Leading business houses use Bank Stock pa
per. It pays them. Mysell-RoUlns^22 Clay, can
show you a complete line of books., etc. •
Suffocated .by a Collar Button.
Julius Cesarl, the 3-year-old child of
Mr. and Mrs. J. Cesari. residing at 2 Bar
tol street, died suddenly, at 1 o'clock yes
terday afternoon from suffocation, after
having attempted to swallow a metallic
collar button. The button was found by
Morgue Surgeon Baclgalupl lodged • be
tween the vocal chords. ' v :
Reduced rates on household roods to A from
U>« East & South. Bekln's. 11 Montgomery »t- #
Judge Cook on Monday heard ths ar
gument of counsel on the application for
a writ of habeas corpus for the release
of George Roberts, the bunko steerer.
'who made such a prolonged fight against
his extradition from th« State of "Wash
ington. It was argued by Attorney
George D. Collins for Roberts that the
evidence at the preliminary hearing: was
Insufficient to hold the defendant, but
the Judge ruled against him and remand
ed the defendant Into the custody of ths
Sheriff. Roberts was subsequently taken
before Judge Lawlor for arraignment,
but a continuance was granted till this
morning. Roberts will appeal to the Su
preme Court. •-
Bunko Steerer Remanded.
In accordance with the City Attorney's
opinion that the Civil Service Commis
sion • must certify more than one name
from the eligible lists for. positions, the
board made a requisition for certification
of at least two names for night watch
man, two clerks and messenger at the
City and County Hospital" and clerk at
the Almshouse.
The board suspended R. O. Burnett,
assistant apothecary- at the City and
County Hospital, for two weeks for dere
liction of duty.
The Board of Health adopted resolu
tions yesterday condemning the action of
the Mayor In causing the suppression of
the bulletin of vital statistics of the
Health Department. The resolutions con
clude:
Resolved. ' That this board condemns
the Mayor" ¦ course as unwise, Inexcusable and
dangerous to the interests of this city, and
now declares that upon him must fall the re
sponsibility for. the consequences which his
act may have lii arousing the prejudice and in
incurring the Ill-will of sanitary offices or
Eastern State*.
Action Is Unwise and Adopts
Condemnatory absolutions.
Health Board Says His Honor's
BLAMES MAYOR FOB.
SUPPRESSING REPORTS
In the United States Circuit Court yes
terday Judge Beatty dismissed the suit
of Katherine S. Gordon, as administratrix,
against the Employers* Liability Assur
ance Corporation. Limited. The. case was
settled out of court.
Settled Out of Court.
J. F. Lambert, 1206 Stockton street, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge Ca
banlss yesterday for the arrest of Josie
Wilson on a charge of grand larceny. He
end Josie had been living at the same
place and he alleges that Josie left on
Monday, taking with her all the money
ho possessed, amounting to $179 50.
"Wants His Money Back.
JOSEPH HOLLE, who has been
prominently identified with the
Cycle Board of Trade since its or
ganization and who> has been Its
president for two years. Is to Join
the ranks of the benedicts to-night. The
bride-to-be Is Miss Johanna H. M. Bar
ner, the accomplished daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Louis Barner.
The ceremony will be performed in the
presence of many friends of the contraot
ing parties in Hinman's Hall. Twenty
first and Howard streets. Miss Emma
Barner will be the bridesmaid, while Ja
cob Holle will be the groomsman.
The eroom is a member of the Auto
mobile Club of California anu the honey
moon will assume the form of a pilgrim
age in an automobile. The happy young
couple will join the automobillsts who
are going to Del Monte and will spend
some time there. They will visit various
points of Interest before returning:."
ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG WOM
AN WHO IS V TO BECOME A
BRIDE TO-NIGHT.
The United Railroads yesterday morn
ing called E. W. SCewhall, a director of
the Union-street line, in reference to a
statement that President Cornelius of the
Carmen's Union had made that the Union
street line was willing to pay its plat
form men $2 75 a day.
Newhall testified that he believed that
his brother, Georce A. Xewhall. earlier
in the year, had held a conversation with
President Cornelius and had agTeed to
pay the carmen of the' Union-street line
$3 a. day. commencing from the 1st of
May, if the United Railroads would pay
the same amount.
'"Had you any expectation that the car
rr.en would work for less for you than
for the United Railroads?" asked Liver
rash.
"I think they might," replied Newhall.
At this reply L'.vernash dismissed New
hall from the stand with a show, of tem
per. "I consider him a very good brother
to Georpe." he snapped. Attorney Moore
at once raised an objection to Livernash's
remarks.
Then followed a number of affidavits
ct merchants in San Francisco In refer
ence to the cost of living. J. R. Sloane's
deposition was introduced. He stated that
h* had visited Hansen's employment bu
reau, and that the proprietor told him
that between 200 and 400 men called at
his office each day In search of work.
There will be no session to-day, but
the case will be resumed to-morrow morn
ing at 10 o'clock. It is expected that the
case Trill be closed and ready for the
decision of the arbitrators the latter part
of this week.
There was some snappy talk by Attor
ney Ldvemash In the street car men's ar
bitration proceeding's yesterday and some
pertinent evidence as to cost of living
and the labor market.
Fred Snook. William T. Wilson and
Thomas Parkinson were selected by the
Civil Service Commission yesterday to act
as a special ftoard of examiners for the
examination to be held soon for Chief
Plumbing Inspector in the Health Depart
ment. The two bodies will meet to-day
to decide on the details and scope of the
examination. -
The Civil Service Commission filed its
annual report for the fiscal year ending
June 30. 19O3.\with the Mayor yesterday.
The report says that since January last
nine examinations have been held, mak
ing ten for the fiscal year. ; The commis
sion points with pride to the saving of
$6000 per year In the expenses of the Tax
Collector's office, which it claims Is due
directly to the employment in that office
of none but civil service men. On this
point the reports continues:
This result would not have been possible
without the excellent business management of
the Tax Collector, but he admits that if his
clerks were the product of- political patronage
not only is it certain that the saving of $b(W0
would have "been absolutely impossible but th.9
increase of his appropriation rather than its
reduction would have been probable.
The report also directs attention to a
letter from Registrar Walsh, who says
that since the operation of civil service
the average cost of elections .has been
reduced from $200,000 to $113,000. The re
port /ells of the litigation In which the
commission has been Involved by persons
who oppose the merit .system and con
cludes: • •
The public Investigation conducted by the
Mayor showed that J. R. T. Mershon and he
alone was guilty of gross fraud In connection
with the examinations for firemen and - milk
inspector. The indictment against him is
based upon his actions In fraudulently aiding
an applicant as fireman.
The classified service is made up as follows:
Applications received, 7153; examinations
held, 83; applicants examined, 5161; applicants
passed. 3173; applicants failed. 1708; papers
now under examination, 163; appointments
made .(including 150 temporary clerks). 1006;
appointees now working, including 11 tempo
rary clerks, 643: separations for various
causes, 363 : examination papers canceled . un
marked, 116. • '
Labor service — laborers registered, 2760; la
borers appointed. 144.
Inquiry as to whether the depositing of the
permanent fund In savings banks Is legal, and
if It is not and any banks should fail what
wouid be the liability of the annuity Commis
sioners?
The condition of the fund follows:
Receipts. $92,031 65; annuity payments and
expenses. $fi6,S21 53; balance. $25,210 12. of,
which $20,492 11 is deposited in four savings
banks and $4718 01 In the city treasury.
Expert Cyril Williams of the Board of
Supervisors filed a report yesterday with
Mayor Schmitz to the effect that there
is a shortage of $300 in the teachers' an
nuity and retirement fund.
Williams finds that the amounts re
ceived by the Treasurer and credited to
the annuity fund agree with those desig
nated In the minutes and entered in the
annuity books, with one exception. At
the meeting of the Commissioners held
on January 19. 1S97. two teachers were re
tired, each being instructed to pay $300
to the credit of the annuity fund, name
\i\ Mrs. Josephine Gerichten and Miss
Elizabeth M^ Molloy. Mrs. Gerichten's
subscription was paid and placed to her
credit on January 19, 1S97.
The amount due from Mrs. Molloy, the
report continues, does not appear on the
Treasurer's books, but on Inquiry Miss
Molloy stated that she holds a receipt
for $300 from the then Treasurer Wid
ber. signed by Deputy M. de la Montanya
under date of January 28, 1897. Williams
has written to Montanya. who is not In
the city, to ask if he can throw any light
on the subject. The report says the fol
lowing matters concerning the fund re
quire attention: .
A proper accounting of the contributions by
teachers.
The recovery of the amount of $000 depos
ited by Miss Molloy.
A list of annuitants to be made out and
sworn to Quarterly.
Adjustment of the permanent fund In ac
cordance with the receipts.
DIFFICULT TO BELIEVE.
The following are extracts from the
opinion: -'-'--¦'
In order to support the claim of the con
spiracy we must believe* that the following
sups were taken by the conspirators:
First, that Dick Williams, having been em
ployed by Wong Lln to prepare the papers for
the departure of his wife and daughter to
China, and having learned from the parents
that the mother Intended leaving eaid daughter
In China and returning alone, conceived the
scheme to fraudulently Import into the United
States a girl as the daughter of these people;
that. In pursuance of such scheme, he caused
the words "accompanies with her daughter, Sul
Hi, about 9 years," to be written upon the pa
perB which he prepared and which were to be
used by the mother In securing her landing at
San Francisco upon her return. • • •
The next step to be taken by Williams was
at the Mall dock upon the sailing of the vessel
upon which the mother and daughter departed:
that Williams, acting an Chinese interpreter,
caused the entry of . departure of the girl to
read "9 years of age" and bearing certain large
scars on the neck, instead of about 3 years and
r» months and no such marks of identification.
Why did Dick Williams cause an entry to bo
made containing particular marks of Identifica
tion? This forces us to the conclusion, if we
are to maintain the theory of conspiracy, that
at the time Dick Williams wrote In the false
writing upon the affidavits aforesaid, and
caused the false entry and identification marks
to be made on the departure record, and pro
cured the fabricated birth (for It appears that
the birth certificate was procured before the
departure in 18t>4) that he intended to import
Into thla country a girl who would answer these
particular Identification marks and age, so that
we must conclude that the description of the
girl he Intended to so import was known to him
before the departure of the" mother, although
the mother remained In China for more than
one year. lie must also at the same time
In an exhaustive written opinion read
yesterday United States Court Commis
sioner Heacock .expressed his opinion of,
the worthlessnesa of Chinese testimony
and the unreliability of the testimony of
persons connected with Chtn/ese in busi
ness matters. The opinion was delivered
in the matter of the habeas corpus writ
issued on behalf of Wonjr Sew Tal, a
girl claiming to be a native of San Fran
cisco. .The putative father Is Wong Lin.
manager of the Oro Flno Cigar Factory.
The mother is Lum Shee, his second wife.
Wong Lln has three wives, the first liv
ing in China, the third in this city.
The mother, Lum Shee, took the girl,
Wong Sew Tai, to China, leaving here
April 10, 1S94, and returned on May 6, 1895,
with the same girl that she had taken
away. According to the birth certificate
on file in the Chinese bureau, the girl
would be 18 years old now. The father
went back to China and returned a few
weeks ago with a boy and a girl, which
he claims to be the Identical Wong Sew
Tai that the 'mother took away in 1S94.
She is only 13 years old.
George McGowan, attorney for the par
ents, produced Chinese and white wit
nesses to prove that the 13-year-old appli
cant was the girl that went to China with
her mother In 1894 and never returned un
til a few weeKs ago. He attempted to
show that the records of -the Chinese bu
reau had been falsified by Dick Williams,
at one time a Chinese Interpreter con
nected with the bureau, and who was
afterward Indicted by the Federal Grand
Jury for crooked practices, and falsified
for the purpose of bringing in the girl
that arrived on the same steamer with
the mother In 1S95.
Calls Attention to Tax Col
lector Smith's Economy
in Office.
White Men Transacting Much
> : Bu£in9ss With Them
- ¦
Not Reliable.
Carmen's Arbitration Pro
ceedings Are Nearly
Completed.
Teacher Holds Receipt Signed
by Ex- City Treasurer
Widber.
Livernash Does Not Like
His Style of Giving
Testimony.
Expert Reports Sum of
$300 Remains Unac
counted For.
Commissioner Heacock
Says That They :/
Perjure.
Files Annual Report of
' Work With Mayor
* Schmitz. ..
NEWHALL RAISES
ATTORNEY'S IRE
BOARD PRAISES
CIVIL SERVICE
FINDS SHORTAGE
IN ANNUITY FUND
CHINESE OATHS
NOT REGARDED
THE SAN FKANU1SUU CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1903.
HONEYMOON TRIP
WILL BE MADE IN
AN AUTOMOBILE
16
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Tha Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /lj?^ ZZSS-*-#- "
Signature of C^^7^««^
EVERY BLAEJftRRAhim)
(" \
Advertised by Responsible Firms of S. F.
MORPHINE ! '» he Weekly
O I Liquor H&bita Foil- CALL >
p Uftly tad Quiskly nun ¦ =3===
, Cursi. HO PALI $1.00 per !
• M0 8UTTSKIK3. j =========
TiuWilloiBirUa, | yeor
llttPritst.. 8. T. I 16 pages. ;
HEALTHY PLANTS
Beqnlra the Most Careful Attention *•
Well «s Good Soil.
Sold by leading drugirists. Send 10c la
stamps for sample to The Herplcide Co.,
Detroit. Mich.
Did you ever see a rosebush which— de-
spite the most beneficent environment of
soil, of sunshine and of atmosphere-
seemed never to achieve a healthy growth?
A ton of manure will not help a plant
that has a canker eating oat Its heart.
Tou must destroy the cause before you
can remove the effect.
You cannot cure dandruff and baldness
by rubbing on hair lotions and rubbing? la
vaseline, etc.
You must look to the cause of the trou>
bie. It's a germ at the roots of your hair
which causes It to fall out.
Newbro's Herplcide destroys the germ,
and healthy hair Is the sure result.
ADVEETISEMENT^ v
SPECIAL SALE
FINE MUSLIN
Commencing THURSDAY, August 6th, and
continuing all this month, we will offer an
elegant assortment of LADIES' FINE MUS-
LIN UNDERWEAR, consisting of GOWNS,
SKIRTS, CHEMISES, CORSET COVERS
and DRAWERS.
These garments are Yeru handsomely trimmed
with lace and embroideru of ths newest pat-
terns, are well made from the hest dualities
of Cambric, Muslin and Nainsook, and will h8
sold at EXCEEDINGLY LOW PRICES,
GLOVES! GLOVES!
On same day, August 6th, we will have a
Special Sale of LADIES' FRENCH KID
GLOVES, including the celebrated Reynier
and Trefousse brands, in both Suede and
Glace. They are in dark colors and evening
shades, full assortment of sizes, from 5^ to
7- The former prices of these Gloves were
$1.75, $2.00 and $2.50 pair. The entire lot
will be sold at
OU C^flTS paFr.
. |BQ2- kw&^
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 12i POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
— gi ~ —^ -j~ — y. _^f — — — ;#. :^> % .&\. ¦"' — 3T 732
We Have the Quality,
the Oiiantitv
the Variety,
We Make the Price. ! i -\
Notwithstanding the great increase in our Carpet Sales we are
prepared to Measure Your Rooms, Sew, Line and Lay Carpets even
more cxpeditiously Than Ever,' And At These Prices
T3flRStPV FreeIy shown> fredy soId * Every I inniftlim Genuine CorK Article,
|U^ OU J pattern a good one— it only remains Liiivil/UIII |n pj ora| and Figured d esigns. It is
to suit your taste and match the m/Y well to look ahead regarding necessi- i ma
room its going in. You have the C[i B/T ties, luxuries will take care of them- >fl CT /-?
assistance of courteous experts here. T%\ §1, selves. 2 yds wide; on your floor,
Sewed, lined and laid on your floor— f--^ VP^/ bright, fresh, smoothe as glass; sq. yd JLU^/
Tan&StFV If you have a carpst you are tircd of> A Yrninstpp Parlnr Runs Jx6 Fee *
IUpi/JUJ even if not worn out, it would pay to /MII.IHolW I til IUI fillip The highest
replace It with one of these. This f — attainment in rug making is reach *•*, mm
season's designs, Oriental and floral £^ lT ed in Axminsters. Delicate col- jS fl 1 F~
In popular colors. We Make the price. | 1 f^tf ors and difficult patterns impossi- /¦ '
Rooms measured, sewed, lined, laid— \J\JW bie in other fabrics. This week— *** S %J
TatlBStrv If you like East Indla or Pereian Mattinn *&y th * 20 y*** **-oii
iujjuouj signs these will please. The quality IHlllUlllJ Another shipment of. these special 20yd
Is equal to the demand for "something" rolls. Small patterns, red, blue, W >^ —
cood." Take the room you are most | | J | O r green on natural calor. Thick I jT
particular about as a test — it is none I & and strong. 20 yds for the aver- F
too hard for this — on your floor forX " w age roo: n. It pays to by a roll at«"f • S U
BQdV BPUSSBlS ThealIar °«nd carpetlnaU KpfKinntnn DllfK 3je4-V€ird*
UUUJ UIU33C/IO around patterns-room, hall f\t5II5III|J lUII KUlJi Distinct pattern, In the
and stair. With or without >k latest designs, on each side; large . .... ¦' '¦„-—¦
borders. The Best Mills make 0 ifll and small. Colors from" dark to W T
our carpets, we MAKE The Price | I 11 lightest shades. Big enoughto / * \ i *\
Sewed, lined, laid on your floor— ""- • JL • V- uke the place of a carpet— wool— ¦ • ¦ t-/ .
See in the Drapery Department
Those 1.25 Scotch Net Lace Curtains 3.00 Grifde that you mi not hesitate putting at th 9
In pretty patterns, three yards 7C« D^Sn parlor windows; selling at I.TCvp^;,;
Ionr, now selling at/ 3t rdll * 1.7 3 rdll
1.75 Grade, a little finer net |aa p a : P 4.50 Tapestry Portieres \ c a pjj
Ecru and white. Great Variety, ¦•Vv I Oil SaUn finish, heavy fringed ends £"O"Fdl I
* *
"The Credit House"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Summer
viiris
¦
For Every Irritation of
the Skin and Scalp Is
The world's favorite Skin Soap is
Cuticura, assisted by Cuticura Oint-
ment, for preserving, purifying and
beautifying the skin, for irritations,
rashes, eczemas, itchings and chaf-
ings,' for cleansing the scalp of crusts,
scales and dandruff, and the stopping
of falling hair, for softening, whiten-
ing,-and spothing- red, rough and
sor0- hands, for sanative, antiseptic
.cleansing, as well as for all the pur-
1 poses of the toilet, bath and nursery.
- Sold throughout th* worM. Cntlenra Soap, a*- Oiot-
tnaat, luc, Ke»oli«nt, «Oe. tin form of ChoeoUto Coated
HilaT «o. p«r Tial ft «>). D«poU « London. JT( Charter-
. houie Bq. I ?*'*•• « «»• *• '• * »'* « Bo»to». 1» Colum-
bus Art. Potter Droc and Chera. Corp . 8oi« Propritton.
WT-8«nd lor v Cuticurm Skin Book.'* .
German Eye Water. , a • h arm 1 esa
remedy. SOc; by mall, ti2c. CAU-
TION — The genuine bears i!gna-
- ©< i S>5i!S» ture of Geo. Mayerle. alio trads-
mark— eye - with * crown. GEO.
MAYERLE. German Expert Optician.^,1071
Market" Baa FrancUco.. Cal. Phone South 571