SAN FRANCISCO. TUESDAY^ AUGUST 4, 1903.
VOLUME XC1V— NO. Go.
PKICE FIVE CENTS.
POSSESSIONS OP THE . CUTTHROAT: BAND, OF FUGITIVE CONVICTS
: FOUND AT THE SCENE OF THE AMBUSH, AND A VIEW OF SOME
• OF THE PURSUERS. "-
Special Dispatch to iTho CalL
y^LAGERVILLE/. Aug. 3.— This evening ; Sheriff 5Nor
'M*''jjr'nah of Amador County telephoned, from Plymouth that
H" he had located fiveconvicts who had participated in the
bloody arnbush of the ; militia- 'last Saturday ? at Grand
Victory, rriihe,' near Diamond Springs^ Sheriff ; Norman \ said '.:¦
'¦'¦I /"I am,fully satisfied that I have; tlw-five^convictslocatedand
we will start on a hunt to the death. We wilUgo. out prepared- for
an'indefinite\trip and will carry. supplies. Itds;no use to rush pos
ses out • not prepared to follow .the trail. - From, ; :the> point ."where
the five convicts held up Estey's cabin last night, I have informa
tion ¦ showing that | they are head ing " : for Pair Pl^y' and working
souUieastfor. the Airmdor County line. >
one who knows the route well has helped -the convicts*, for it is ab
solutely; impossible for, them to, be striking, out : in an * aimless di
rection^ in -this wild country. ; I ' will * make an -early start • with,: a
Continued on Page 3, Column 4.
Continued on Page 3, Column 2.
"T^TTWLACERVILLE, "Aug. 3.— Seven
": -B - B. days ' have - elapsedTSlnce ..the
• 'm''\^^' : des P cra t. e outbreak '¦ from Fol
.. Jl ; ,;¦. som prison occurred and'only
¦JBL' • : one " of *th«T convicts has 'met
'.- - ' ¦ with a : _ well ' merited ;,end ' a^
the; hands' -' of the avengers -.of the ';la'wv
Three 'brave imen ' have .been • ruthlessly
slaughtered -by the outlaws, one has met
an accidental death twhile Joining ;in jthe
chase . and two . men have been seriously
wounded.".';
This seventh day of the man hunt findj
the * scene "of operations spread over a
wide extent k of territory. The convicts
have broken up into bands and are hiding
ln v the' wild* -of a; territory that Is more
than "flf tv. : miles , wide.
' This 'evening, , according to careful cal-
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LAREDO, Texas, Aug. 3.— The quaran
tine against San Luis Potosl, Mexico, on
account of yellow fever, which was or
dered yesterday by the . United States
Marine Hospital authorities at Washing
ton, has been rigorously established at
this point and all Incoming passengers
who cannot make affidavit that they have
been away from an infected point for five
days are turned back. Three persons
were returned to Mexico to-day.
Not much apprehension Is felt over the
Introduction of yellow fever from San
Luis Potosl as it Is thought the epidemic
will soon die out at that point, owing
to its high tlevutloo- - _--- v-
BIGOBOUS QUARANTINE
AGAINST MEXICAN" CITY
GUADALAJARA, Mexico. ' Aug. ¦ 3.—
People living in the vicinity of Mount
*Colima are terror stricken. The volcano
had another violent' outburst to-day, '"."A
number of new craters have been opened
on the eastern slope of the mountain,
and from these streams of lava are pour
ing. In former outbreaks lava- poured
from the .crater down the western .slope
and did little damage to the - growing
crops of the valley.
It is evident that the volcano is about
to blow off its , head, as the old crater
is Incapable of giving vent to the " lava
and power within. . The eruption "*; has
caused a temporary cessation of- work
on the construction of the Mexican Cen
tral's line to the Pacific coast This line
has reached a point within a' few miles
of the volcano.
Epecial Dispatch to The CalL
Servian Army Officer Under Arrest.
BELGRADE, Aug. 3.— A Servian officer
has been arrested here on thecharge 6t
exiling the- mobilization- plans -to-a foreign
power. It is believed that he; has several
accomplices. A rigorous investigation 'i*
proceeding. , <j'.-
\V. E. Corn., who on July 1 was ap
lointed assistant to President Schwab to
perform the active duties of the president
ef the company, it is said will be elected
ilr. Schwab's successor.
•; PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 3.— The Ledger
tc-morrow will say: Charles M. Schwab,
president of the United States Steel Cor
poration, will sever his ofnclal connection
v.ith that concern to-day (Tuesday), his
resignation as president now being in the
hands of the executive committee. This
JnfoiTnation came to the Public Ledger
from one of the directors of the corpora
tion. T.or months Mr. Schwab's resigna
tion has been rumored, but each time the
tr.mor appeared it was denied by Mr.
Schwab himself, as well as by the cor
poration's directors.
The executive committee will meet to
day and recommend its acceptance. The
recommendation will then be turned over
to the directors, who will meet later in
the day and formally approve it- Mr.
Schwab will also. It is announced, resign
&s a director, thus completely eevering his
ronnectlon with the company.
SCHWAB TO WITHDRAW
FB.0M THE STEEL TBUST
ERUPTION
OPENS NEW
FISSURE
RED LODGE, Mont. Aug. 3.— Sheriff
Potter was to-day no^fled by Sheriff Hub
bard of Yellowstone County of what is
apparently one of the boldest wholesale
robberies on record. It is claimed that
last night several tramps attempted to
run off 700 ljead of sheep belonging to L.
j. Wescott, who lives near Park City.
It is reported that Sheriff Hubbard cap
tured two of the robbers, shooting and
wounding them both, and that he is In
pursuit of the others.
Sheriff Captures Two of th»- Bobbers
After Shooting and Wound
ing Them Both. /. '
TRAMPS ATTEMPT TO BUN
OFF A FLOCK OF SHEEP
.* "NEW YORJC Augr. 3.— Thomas A. Edl
." son described to-dty the Injurious effects
„ .upon himself, which have followed his re
.cenjt experiments with the X-ray. These
may affect Edison's health seriously, but
'Ije believes he has made a discovery of
importance to medical science. He is
.ftrmly convinced that the destroying pro
' cess of the X-ray that has necessitated
the amputation of the left arm and fln
'• gers of the right hand of Clarence Daily.
'one of his assistants, and Is now threat
'. e'ning the left hacd cf Charles Dally, his
.toother, is. the direct result of the kill
ing or paralyzing of certain white blood
-. corpuscles known as phagocytes, whose
function is to circulate through the blood
• «nd into the tissues carrying away all
foreign substances that disturb the
°. kcalthf ul condition of the flesh and blood.
In the absonre of more definite infor
'roa'tion New York physicians are reluct
' gnf to discuss Edison's discovery.
'..Edison THinks He Has Made a Dis
covery of Importance to Med
' ieal Science.
.- • .
RELIEVES X-RAY KILLS
• ." .WHITE BLOOD COBPUSCLES
LONDON. Aug. 4.— According to the
Chronicle It is not Impossible that the
King's Irish vl3lt will result la the ap
pointment of Archbishop William J.
Walsh of the. diocese of Dublin, to the
Irish Privy Council. Hitherto no Cath
olic prelate has been on the -council, but
it fl said to have been a cherished dream
of Lord Beaconsfleld to have on the
council a prelate possessing the confi
dence of the Irish . people and of tha
Pope.
Archbishop Walsh of Dublin lAktlj
to Be Appointed to the Irish
Privy Council.
NOTED CATHOLIC PRELATE
MAY BE HONORED BY XHTQ
General John C. Black of Illinois and
former Governor Bulkley of Connecticut
are leading candidates for the office of
commander In chief, and the friends of
General Miles hope to have the encamp
ment accept General Miles as a compro
mise candidate.
With General John A. Logan, General
Miles was active In organizing the Grand
Army of the Republic and has always
been received with much enthusiasm at
encampments. General Miles will retlra
from the army this week and his.sup
porters declare he is an ideal man to head
the Grand Army of the Republic, as ha
will have much time to attend to the du
ties of commander in chief.
When General Miles was asked if he
was a candidate for the position he 'said
he did not wish to be considered In con
nection with the honor. A prominent
Washington member of the Grand Army
said to-day he knew of no movement
among District of Columbia veterans to
support General Miles. .
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET V
W.. WASHINGTON, Aug. 3—Mary!ands
delegation to the Grand Army Encamp
ment in San Francisco la booming Lieu
tenant General Nelson A. Miles for the
position of commander in chief of flie
Grand Armr of the Republic. General
Miles has accepted an Invitation to ac
company the Maryland department of the
Grand Army of the Republic as its gueai
at the coming encampment, and the dele
gates who will make uj> the party ara
enthusiastic In their support of General
Miles' candidacy.
Special Dispatch to Tha CalL
Milwaukee and Baltimore both want the
• Democratic national convention. Chicago
*. probablj* will cet It.
rftit be- the cho'.ce cf the Democrats of
Pennsylvania for President.
. *.lt is learned, here that the national
Democratic leaders that have managed
"" ihtf* party since iST»S ha've decided to back
• the candidacy of Gorman. One of those
. most interested In the Maryland Sena
' -tcr'k behalf Is said to be J. K. Jones of
Arkansas, chairman of the National Com
. mittee. Senator W. K. Stone of Mis
" sourt is aWo credited with fa\'orlnsr Gor
<rfan. The Senator's friends even predict
'• that William J. Bryan will get into line
f«ir him. A solid South is expected to
'-^. rally to hie EUj>i>ort.
JSVhlle Gorman has the strongest kind
c/ rapport in Pennsylvania fothing will
• '•be done in hia behalf In the State con
vention to be held in Harrisburg next
""• rr.tr.tl-.. .
c Ej-Govefncr Robert E. Pattison will
Aug. 3.-There are strong
'indications that the Democratic leaders
have agreed that Senator Arthur P. Gor
neii. cf MarvJand is the man to nomi
nate for . President ne— .. year. In this
State ex-Congressman J. K. P. Hall,
chairman of the gtate Democratic Com
mittee, IS creatir.fi; sentiment for" the
>?aryland Senator. There are sufficient
reasons for believing- that his activity In
bebnlf of Gorman has been inspired by
Th^se-fcrsT&c! 1 " ta"fhe national caunrlls of
tfie* party.. The first etep in the launch
ing of th< German "boom" was taken
Jast Saturday, when the Senator an
"nouncedf lii New Tork that the leading
Issues cf Democracy next year will be
-¦'¦Jhe reformation of tariff and taxation,
economy anfi 'honesty.*'
5x>e<ria.l Dispatch to The Call
Maryland Senator's Friends
Hope to Win Bryan's
• • Support.
Noted Warrior Is Coming as
Guest of That State's
Veterans.
Maryland Delegates
Favor Him for
Commander.
?Systematic Boom Is
• Conducted by the
. Leaders.
General Is to At
tend the En
campments
Chiefs
Favor Him for
y ' President.
GRAND ARMY
MAY ELECT
MILES CHIEF
PARTY'S BIG
MEN BACK
OF GORMAN
FIVE FOLSOM CONVICTS ARE DECLARED TO HAVE BEEN FOUND
ROME, August 4.-'Cardina! Qtuseppi Sarto, Partiarch of Venice, has
been elected successor to Pope Leo XIII.t ;
SARTO IS ELECTED POPE
The San Francisco Call.BRITISH, STATESMAN .WHO
SPOKE IN WARM SUPPORT' OF
THE IRISH LAND BILL..
Your druggist will refund your, money Jf PAZO
OINTMENT, falls to' cure? Ringworm, Tetter,
Old Ulcers and Sores,. Pimples ami Blackheads'
on the. face, and all skin diseases.. SO cents. •
¦¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ ' ? ¦ n : — : . ¦ •• ¦' ¦ ••
NEW YdRK, Aug/ .'{.—Brother Raphael h«a
becii 'eleeteil * superior ! and* "Brother Jerome as
sistant superior of the , Roman Catholic ' order
of the Brotherhood of St.'- Francis. ¦-' ¦
INDIAKAPOLI3. Ind.. Aug. 3.--Nearly 50O
photographers .have arrived for the national
convention, which will open to-morrow. San
Francieco and St. Louis ar« bidding for th«
next convention. ...
ECZEMA, NO CURE, NO PAY.
MADRID, Aug. 3.— The threatened gen
eral strike commenced to-day in several
centers, including Barcelona,-' Mercia,
Cadiz, Ronda' and Alcoy. ; The general un
rest Is' largely "attributed to bad harvests,
but the immediate motion. for the strike
Is '¦ to -reipforce . the ;• demand .'for. the re
lease 'of numerous' workmen who have
been -thrown; Into 1 prison for'offerises dur
ing recent < strikes. The leaders ¦ of the
movement are exhorting the members of
the trades unions not to return to work
Strikers and the Guards
Clash in Province
of Cadiz
: .Epplnger, when asked , who the capi
talists. w*ere • that were associated with
him, replied:. "One '-¦ is George W. Reed
of Guatemala, "the others are, gentlemen
in. South' America and in : the East. I
cannot give their- names at this time."
Attorney R. Brent Mitchellof the com
mittee of .fifty. In referring to the fran
chise applications - filed to-night, said:. "I
may be considered blunt In my remarks,
but in my opinion these applications are
ridiculous.' One "comes from a bankrupt
and the other from a gas man. I would"
like to know how we who live in Ala
oicda could get to San Francisco while
After the committee of fifty organized
by choosing. Major C- L. -Tilden chair
man. Dr. G. A. Moore vice president and
Charles 8. Neal secretary the repre
sentatives of. the seekers for the fran
chises were. invited to address the body
and to answer questions put by the com
mittee.
COMMITTEE ORGANIZES.
"We stand ready to take up the fran
chises of these roads, which I. understand
some Southern Pacific official said were
not profitable," asserted Maguire. "We
are ready to satisfy the committee of
fifty that we are responsible and can
furnish a better service than the South
ern Pacific Is now giving Alameda. Her
man Epplnger, R. B. Mott and Eastern
capitalists are ready and willing to oper
ate these lines either by steam power
or by electricity. We will guarantee to
start work within TTJirty days after ob
taining th'e franchises."
The second application . was from the
American Surface Electric Railway and
Supply Company, E. J. Russell president
and Frank N. , Dodd secretary. This
company offered no bonus for the fran
chise, Maguire explaining that the con
cern would do so if the privilege was ad
vertised and opened to competitive bid
ders. ¦
One application was from Robert B.
Mott of Alameda and Herman Epplnger
Jr. of San Francisco, who former Con
gressman Maguire said represented capi
talists who were willing to pay the city
$10,000 for a steam road franchise on the
south side, to carry passengers free with
in the city limits and to establish a first
class ferry system to be operated in con
nection with the road.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 3.— Organization of
the advisory committee of fifty repre
sentative citizens selected by the City
Triii- tees, was effected to-night and two
applications for the local franchises
sought by the Southern Pacific Company
were flled with the municipal board. • Ex-
Congressman James G. Magulre appeared
on behalf of the parties wanting tne fran
chises. K^-'' f ..Z' :: '-'rX'
A feature of to-day was the cross-ex
amination.of Thomas White, a witness
for the defense, by Tom.D. Marcum, one
of the attorneys. for the prosecution- and
a brother of the dead man.' His testi
mony corroborated that of several other
witnesses for the Drosecution.
Jett's testimony corroborated many oth
er witnesses who have . testified 1 for the
prosecution as to his actions on that fate
ful day. .'.; y.
Curtis Jett, one of the defendants, was
placed on the stand. He said that he
was friendly to J. B. Marcum, and with
the exception of a few words with him
some four years ago they had always
been friendly. Jett said after the shots
were fired he walked into the courthouse
and looked about, but, seeing nothing, re
turned by the side door, the way he
came, and went across the street. Jett
said he saw Ewen running around the
courthouse. A few minutes after this he
saw Tom White. on the street.' and with
njm went down town to a place near the
depot, where they crossed the river and
visited his grandmother Hargls mother
xif Judge Hargls. and there " had "dinner.
He said he met Mrs. Mary Johnson, who
asked him if he had killed her brother.
He told her he did not, but that they
would accuse him of it.
"I am sorry to be arrested on Sunday,
as I would not be taken to Winchester if
arrested another day. ' I could be taken to.
jail to Jackson, where I would j be all
right." .; .;¦'
Witness said he asked Jett where he
was when the killing occurred, and Jett
replied, "None of your business."
W. H. Blanton. who was recalled by the
prosecution, testified that In a conversa
tion with Captain Ewen the day after the
shooting of Marcum, Ewen told him who
did the killing.
After having presented forty-two wit
nesses Commonw-ealth Attorney Byrd an
nounced that the Commonwealth rested
the case.' :
CYNTHIANA, Ky.. Aug. 3.— In the Jett
and White trial to-day Bruce Little, a
special bailiff of the Breathltt County
Circuit Court during the first trial of Jett
at Jackson, testified that he and several
men with soldiers captured Tom White
after an eighteen-mile ride over the
mountains at 4 o'clock in the morning.
After he was taken White said to Liftle:
"In a few minutes* more you would not
have got me, as I would have left here."
Woodson McHorn, Sheriff of Clark
County, was called. He testified that he
arrested Jett on Sunday morning, May 10,
in Madison County at his mother's house;
that after being arrested he asked for
whisky, which was not given him. Jett
eaid:
Thirty. Killed in Railroad Accident
BERLIN. Aug. 3.-A dispatch to the
Volks Zeitung from Breslau reports a
serious disaster on the railway bridge be
tween Sucha and Kalvarla. Austrian Slie
sla. A train consisting of eleven cars
heavily laden broke its couplings and ran
at a terrific speed down a sharp grado
for twenty miles until it collided with n
passenger train. Thirty persons are said
to have been killed and fifty-two severely
Injured.
Two Companies Ready
to Operate Railways
in Alameda.
C. R. Smith stated that Attorney Frank
Shea of the Southern Pacific had told him
that- the company would be satisfied with
twenty-year franchises and would allow
High School pupils to ride on local trains
free.
City Trustee Dr. H. M. Pond informed
the committee that, the . Southern Pacific
had absolutely refused to remove the
gates from local trains. . • . ¦ . ¦ -
Joseph Knowland remarked that .the
Southern Pacific - was ready' to meet the
people of Alameda half-way and treat
with them fairly. . ¦' , . ...
On motion the following were named by
Chairman Tilden to constitute the execu
tive committee of the citizen body: Frank
Otis, ' T. G. Daniels. Jpseph Knowland, S.
M. Haslett and C.R. Smith. . ,
Chairman .Tilden and ; Secretary Neal
wi}l .also act with this; committee, which
Is to confer with; the Southern Pacific of
ficials. - •; . ',,, ... '¦' '}.•.- ¦.' - ; >¦'.
The. committee -of .fifty win meet again
next' Monday •night-.' 1 : ;¦>.-_ . : : '¦"¦
. Charles S. N<?al said that on the south
side line the Southern Pacific owned the
right of way from a " certain point at
West Alameda to. the Mole, and that the
City Trustees could grant no franchise
over that right of way to any other cor
poration.
In a general discussion Dr. G. A. Moore
asked Chairman Tilden If the City'Trus
tees -could regulate the fares and loca
tion of the stations while In the city lim
its, and the chairman answered that he
believed the City Trustees had that au
thority. Columbus Bartlett stated that
he did not. consider It would be dignified
for the representatives of the fifty who
would confer with the Southern Pacific
management on the terms of the fran
chises to go before tho corporation on
bended knee.
CAN REGULATE FARES.
these people were building the roads and
ferry system they talk about.. I believe
tnat we. would either have to swim or
stay at home. Why, the company that
constructed the pier from Emeryville has
been engaged In the project for more
than a year and It will be some time yet
before passengers can travel that way."
Charles R. Smith, president of the West
End Improvement Club and a member of
the committee of fifty. .wanted all meet
ings of the body to be closed to the pub
lic. 'Henry Rosenthal, president of the
Board of. Trade and also a member of the
committee, objected to what he said
would be called "star chamber gather-
Ings." The result was : that', a compro
mise w*as reached, it being decided to ad- ;
mit representatives of the, press but not
the general public to the sessions of the
committee of fifty.' ¦ "vv.
Prosecution Rests After
Calling Two-Score
Witnesses.
OSSINING. N. Y.. Aug. 3.-Anton!o
Turckowskl. a Pole, was put to death to
day in the electric chair at Sing Sing pris
on. He declared on his way to the chair
that he waa innocent of the murder of
John Shepoloskl. a Brooklyn saloon-keep
er, which occurred March 6 and of which
he had been convicted. Turckowski was
sentenced June 22, and the time elapsing
between the pronouncement of his sen
tence and Its execution Is said to have
been the shortest on the State records.
Suffers Death in Electric Chair.
EXCHANGE SHOTS
WITH GENDARMES
The fugitive clerk was arrested several
months afterward In Victoria, . B. C. He
had been working on the Canadian Rail
way as-a porter, and his whereabouts
was made known to the United States of
flfcra by a horseshoe diamond pin which
Dillard had worn for luck.- Before leav
ing this city he pawned- the pin in a
pawnshop on Montgomery street, where
it was discovered "by United States Secret
Service Agent George W. Hazen, who
had been making. a,systematic senrch in
the pawnshops of this city for the same
pin, knowing that. Dillard did not have
much money when he departed. Hazen
claimed the pin, but allowed It to remain
In possession of the pawnbroker, . because
he 6uspected' that the fugitive would send
for it. At the end of one of his trips
Dillard sent money for the redemption of
the pin and ordered It forwarded to a cer
tain address In Seattle. Internal Revenue
Agent Thomas had the pin followed to its
destination, after which it was traced to
Victoria, where It was delivered to the
UNLUCKY HORSESHOE.
Shortly after the receipt of this intelli
gence Dillard Informed Collector Lynch
that he was about to go on his vacation.
The time expired, but no word was re
ceived from the clerk, and when an Inves
tigation was had Collector Lynch and
United States . Internal Revenue Agent
Bert M. Thomas felt themselves justitied
in asking United States District Attorney
Marshall B. Woodworth to procure the
indictment of Dillard.
f-rp^HE trial of William H. Dillard on
I.", an indictment charging him with
I " having forged : the. signature of
~." 'John C. Lyncty United States In
¦''• ¦¦ /.;',.; tefnal Revenue Collector, to du
plicate certificates of residence of Chinese
laborers arid with having uttered fraudu
lent certificates of the same character,
was begun yesterday morning before a
jury in the' United States District Court,
Judge de Haven presiding,
Dillard was a messenger in the office
during j the administration of Collector
Osca M. Welburn. He was used as one
of the principal witnesses for the Govern
ment In the criminal proceedings insti
tuted against Welburn for embezzlement
of Government, funds. After the first trial
of Welburn. Dttlard was promoted to a
clerksnip under the new Collector. John
C. Lynch, with an increase of salary. He
was much brighter than the average of
his people and performed his duties in a
satisfactory manner. About, a year ago
Mr. Lynch was informed by United States
Internal revenue officers In New Mexico,
Texas and other places along the border
that they had found In possession of Chi
nese laborers certificates of residence
which appeared to be fraudulent and
forged and that they bore what purported
td be the signatures of John C. Lynch and
XV. H. Dillard.
The strike leaders attribute the failure
to the stringent measures taken by the
police. A.. man was arrested. at Barcelona
to-day for carrying dynamite cartridges
which he eald he Intended to throw in
a crowded part in the city. He also ad
mitted that he, was an anarchist and the
son of Barrera. who was arrested in 1S90
for throwing bombs. .
The residence of the Mayor and a num
ber of private houses at Alcala, province
of Cadiz, have been attacked by strikers
who exchanged shots with the gendarmes'
The strike has already collapsed at Bar
celona. where the majority of the work
men have resumed work. The masons
and compositors of. the newspapers still
remain out. The gendarmes are Datroll
ing the streets. . .- . '""
The Government has taken stringent
measures to cope with disturbances The
military force and the civil guards have*
been reinforced wherever necessary and
the troops have been confined to the bar
racks. The Instigators of the strike are
threatened with severe penalties.
until all the Imprisoned men have been re
leased.
Mr. Shortrldge did not neglect to sound
the jurors as to the existence of race
prejudice on their part. "You are aware
of the. fact." he said, "that the defend
ant Is a negro. As a result of your read-
Ing or experience have you any preju
dice acalnst the negro as a race which
would affect you as a juror? You would
give him the same benefit of a reason
able doubt as you would a member of
your, own race? Would you deal with
him as you would be dealt by?"
These questions were answered In a
Fatlsfactory manner and a Jury was se
cured before noon. After the noon re
cess Mr. Woodworth made a statement
to the jury as to. what the Government
expected to prove, and Collector John C.
Lynch was called as a witness. He de
scribed In detail the manner of Issuing
the duplicate certificates of registration
of Chinese laborers. He said that when
a Chinese person made application for a
duplicate the witness used to compare
the photograph and appearance of the ap
plicant with the photograph and descrip
tion on the diiDllcate certificate retained
in the office, and If convinced that the
applicant was the person to whom the
missing original had been issued he
O K'd the application. Then It was
handed to Dillard, who had exclusive
charge of the duplicates In the safe and
whose duty it was exclusively to make
out fac simile copies.
The fourteen alleged forged and fraud
ulent .dunlicate j certificates were then
shown to the . witness, who Identified the
handwriting of DIUard upon/ them and
testified that the signature of "John C.
Lynch;* was forged. He added that he
had not authorized Dillard or any other
person to sign the Lynch name to the cer
tificates mentioned or to any other cer
tificate.
The trial wlU be continued at 2 p. m.
to-day.
Samuel M. Shortrldge and T.^ C. West
appeared as counsel for -the. defendant
and United States District Attorney
Woodworth and Assistant United States
Attorney Ben L. McKlnley for the Gov
ernment. After several names on the
jury panel had been called and the per
sons mentioned had been seated In the
jury box Mr. AVoodworth called the at
tention of the court to the fact that the
record did not show that the defendant
had pleaded guilty or not guilty, and
asked that the plea be taken then and
there.
Mr. Shortrldge said that It was too late
to plead.
"No: it Is just time," said the court,
reassuringly.
'"The trial has commenced." suggested
Mr. Shortrldge very gently.
"The trial has not commenced," retort
ed the court firmly.
"We accept." *aid the lawyer, with a
sigh of resignation.
NO RACE PREJUDICE.
prisoner, who was at once placed under
arrest, ; ; ' ¦
FORMER CLERK, IN THE OFFICE OF THE INTERNAL, REVENUE
COLLECTOR ON TRIAL FOR FORGING CHINESE RESIDENCE CER
TIFICATES AND OFFICIAL TESTIFYING AGAINST THE ACCUSED.
• &pen prepared for the luncheon to be
. given in rtieir honor. Rear Admiral Cot
• ton* and. United States Minister Bryan
' ..with the -chief officers of the American
squadron, received the guests at the
At 'the conclusion of the luncheon Ad
rn'iral Cotton proposed the health of King
Charles of Portugal and during his re
marks he expressed his thanks for the
welcome and reception that had been ex
tended to the American squadron during
its stay at Lisbon.
<Jn reply General Pimental Pinto. Min
ister of War and Premier ad interim, pro
posed the toast of "President Roosevelt
and the Prosperity of the United States."
United States Minister Bryan then
Fpdke, dwelling on the sympathetic \
demonstrations of which the American
equadron had been the object at Lisbon i
and thanking the Portuguese Government
and people. The Minister of Marine re
sponded, speaking in flattering terms of
ttie American navy.
- President Roosevelt's cablegram in reply
to the message of King Charles, which
was published to-day by the Portuguese
newspapers, has created an excellent im
pression* here.
"OYSTER BAT. L. I., Aug 3.-In re
sponse to a message from the King of
Portugal announcing that he had had the
pleasure of drinking to the President's
health aed" to the prosperity of the Amer
ican navy on board the cruiser Brooklyn
at Lisbon, President Roosevelt sent the
following cablegram:
His Majesty the King of PoftUKa": I most
cordially reciprocate your Majesty's greeting,
peeing in the friendly relation which prompts
it a. renewed exprefrton of the Rood will which
unites the two countries and peoples.
THEODORE ROOS EVELT.
'board of which an exquisite menu had
net and the military and civil authorities
here proceeded in naval barges to the
'Broqkiyn. Admiral Cotton's flagship, on
I LIgBON. Aug. 3.— Shortly after noon to
'da'ythe member;; of the Portuguese Cabi-
MHJTSTEKS
: i" . VISIT OUR SQUADRON
Nevertheless,. It' Is" expected that the pa
triotism Of.' the Cubans' wljl acquiesce In
ending the "matter by paying oft the obll
ga-tlon to-the.qjttent'bf "the- Government's
present' 'ability, without hampering the
nation with a further load of debt.
;, HAVANA,, Aug^ 3.-A \ list of the revo T
lutlbruary; foldlers' ( entltled to pay. has been
completed! , In an;lntervlew General Max
imo. Gomea/ chairman of -t.he, committee,
said that the-Jlsi, consisted of about 50,000
¦soldiers, and".d\d;not Include. civil em
ployes." He believed that the pending loan
would not. cover more than half the
claims and expected the Cuban Congress
would provide for the payment of -^the
j balance in some form of due bill, payable
with Interest, after #. considerable. Inter
val and, probably, discountnble.ahd'. trans
; ferable..- General' Gome* isaid the rate of
wages. allowed 'to kit drdlh&rv,soldler was
Jl-.a 'day-durlhigritH^ lVerlod'.o?^ rhis'.seryipe.
Sergeants and commissioned officers" we're
separately, computed.- the. amounts "allowed
ranging .from a few hundred dollars to
?20,000, the latter sum being allowed to
himself as commander in chief. - •
The pay of major generals and colonels
Is I fixed at $10,000 and .Upward. ' The ma
jority of the privates' will receive, in' the
vicinity of f300, indicating two and a half
years" service.. General "Gomez said the
total altogether exceeded the commis
sion's expectations, but the cleims were
reviewed' so carefully that there was no
'doubtias.. to their: Justice. According to
present Indications th* amount of the loan
will hot meet, more than 50 to 60 per cent
of v the,tQU'l;clalms,* .''-;•<• .. .: . j
COILS TIGHTEN
IN MARCUM CASE
Duke declared, that 1 the" .Govern
ment was confident that the expenditure
of the $50,000,000 provided in trie bill would
be fully compensated by economies In the
judicial machinery and the reduction in
the police expenses,* which the- adoption
of the measure would render possible.
In conclusion, the speaker declared that,
although it would be 'rash to. predict that
it would prove a final settlement of ; the
Irish question,, any serious alteration-, of
the bill as adopted by, the House of Com
mons would release the contracting par
ties from tae pblUrations mutually^under
taken. Never before, he said;' '¦ had the'
representatives of the various" interests
concerned asked Parliament to sanction-a
Fettlement the main principles of which
they had themselves suggested. •
The Duke of Abercorn (Conservative),
while appreciating the liberality of the
financial provisions of the bill, declared
that nothing could recompense'the-land
lords for the losses they would have to
sustain. If their sporting rights were
lost and their property sold there would
LONDON", Aug. - 3.— The - Duke ''. of
.Devonshire moved the '.- second
reading of the" Irish land bill an
the House of Lords "to-day.. The
Fifty s usand Men
Their
J Back Pay.
WOULD COMPLETE
WITH HARRIMAN
Many others spoke, very few showing a
disposition • to .''prolong the discussion of
the, -bill.. One of Its stoutest, opponents
was Viscount' Harcnpden, Liberal, .who
characterized It as thoroughly mischiev
ous and corrupt." He .said it would re
sult In a land war more fierce and em
bittered than any which had preceded.
Lord Londonderry, Conservative, claim
ed the measure was for the benefit and
welfare of. all classes and entailed no risk
whatever on the Imperial exchequer; • -
.Earl - Spencer,. Liberal, supported the
billr saying. ,he+. thought, the possibilities
of Settling the agrarian Justified
the large expenditure involved. >
, t«frdTLansdowne, * Secretary \ of ' State - for
Foreign r "Affairs. ' did not ¦ share the Bin-,
ister^view which had • been expressed ; re
garding the effect of the bill on resident
landlords.' .On the contrary, he believed
the. measure was so framed as to Induce
them to remain In Ireland and expressed
the hope" that both landlords and tenants
would do their utmost to make It success
ful. „. .- ....
./The bill was passed to a second reading
without division.. ... . • .
The Earl of Duriraven (Conservative)
congratulated the Government on. the bill,
which, he said," was broad and statesman
like. He. regretted; however, that the bill
failed to carry out the entire recommen
dations of ;the" late Irish landlords' and
tenants', conference at Dublin. ' ' .
be no Inducement for the country gentle
men to remain in Ireland.
. Lord Crewe (Liberal) followed and said
that .unless the landlords Bold on a large
scale serious, results would follow, be
cause the unsold estates would become
centers of discontent and disturbances.
CUBAN SOLDIERS
TO GET MILLIONS
;»When Beale heard of this he was an
gry andfealled tirfa. few .newspaper men
; who had been " shut out. .
> _."Cbme ¦ with -me on -Tuesday morning,"
he said.'. ''There are fourteen of . them and
about six:'" of /us.VCan you shoot?".. \. '4
;!VTo-rnorrowr rnocnlng • BeaiJe and his
newspaper friends will make a descent
J on -the club. ¦ He will demand the with-,
drawal of the airship Intruders, and If
they are Impudent he will proceed to
clear* them out at the polnt3 of pistols.
Then he will send for his bride, who is
in New York, and resume his honeymoon.
U,WASH1NGTON,, Aug.. 3. — .Truxtun
Beale; i)f; Washington -and, California^ is
on path of Professor jLangley of air
ship"; fame. Beale^lately returned from
Europe with his bride. It wasBeale's in
tention" to go for ifewidays "to Cha'ppa
wampsiq, Island, where the Mount. Ver
non Ducking Association has 'a'.club
house.; He is/owner of part" of the island
and a I charter member of the club; ¦ - -
• He telephoned down and discovered
that-Professor^Langley, "who "also "is a
member of the, club, had taken possession
of the grounds for the entertainment of
his staff ¦ of scientists and helpers, who
are" '.working' on'.' the" flying maeflihe an
chored in the Potomac near by. Not only
did Professor Langley harbor twelve or
fourteen .men as guests, .but |on'.. his In
structions no outsiders were permitted at
the club, though they might hold cards
issued by. members. 'Newspaper men es-.
pecially: were, barred "from lanHngon the
island, t'v.'V ;<-¦
Special Dispatch . 'to The Call.
Secretary Root, in. his indorsement of
the opinion of the Judge advocate general.
says:
I suppose there is no doubt that a manufac
turing; firm, one member of which happens to
be a membfr of Congress, has a, right to manu
facture and sell goods to Jobbers who are fill
ing Government contracts and that they do not
come within the prohibition of the statute so
long as the contract between the firm and the
jobber Is a separate and distinct transaction
from the contract between the Jobber and the.
Government. There appears to be no evtdenco
that in the manufacture of gloves by the
Messrs. Llttaur Bros., to be u*ed in filling Gov
ernment contracts made by Lyon and others,
there was any violation of the statute excepting
one case, the contract of December 7. ISM. It
is not the iluty or the right of the Secretary
of War to adjudicate that case or to determine
whether the statute was or was not violated
except in so far aa it may bo necessary for him
to decide what action, if any. should be taken
by- the War Department. In view of the facts
disclosed. I think the Indications of an Inter
est by the manufacturing firm la the Jobbers'
contract with the Government are sufficient
to require me to proceed upon the theory that
there is a rrima facie case of violation of the
statute. ¦¦'*¦:¦¦
A case falling within the prohibition of the
statute Is clearly shown In the testimony,
which, in the opinion of this officer, charges
the department with tha performance of the
duty «et forth In section 3733 of the Revised
Statutes: and it Is. therefore, recommended
that a demand be made by the quartermaster
general upon the firm of Littauer Bros, for
the repayment of whatever sum is found to
hare been paid in consideration of the contract
of December 7, 1S0S. with E. It. Lyon. as ex
tended, in accordance with Us terms by th«
quartermaster's department.
General Davi: .ecommends that the tes
timony of two witnesses who could not be
found by Inspector Carllngton is rather
Important and that the investigation be
continued with a view of getting their tes
timony. When taken, he says, it can be
referred to the Department of Justice
with the other papers In the case.
Some discussion having arisen as to the prtca
which Lyon was to pay for gauntlets delivered
under the contract of December 7. an agree
ment wai entered Into by Littauer Eros, and
Lyon to the effect that an accurate account of
the cost of manufacture- was to be kept, and
If. after the contract were completed. It should
prove that the cost of manufacture did not
equal $1 65 per pair. Lyon waa to receive one
half of the profits. There was a profit of $3137.
one-half of which was credited to Lyon en
the books of Littauer Bros.
Colonel Carllngton of the inspector gen
eral's department was directed by Secre
tary Root to make an Investigation, which,
he did, taking testimony and submitting •
a report as to the facts In, the case. This
report and the testimony were" referred to
Judge Advocate General Davis, who mado
an extensive review and submitted an
opinion to Secretary Root. In his report
and opinion General Davis says:
It «vp«ars from the testimony that on Octo
ber 15. 1898.' a contract waa awarded to Lyon
for 3000 pairs of rauskrat gloves at $1 04 per
pair: on December 7. 1S98. a second contract
for 20,000 pairs waa awarded to Lyon at U TO
per pair, a stipulation belnir Inserted to the ef
fect that deliveries under It could be tncr«as*a
60 per cent at the discretion of the officer
making the contract. Tha Government took
advantage of the stipulation and 3O,0rtl pairs
were actually called for and delivered under
the contract of December T. 18»8.
' "WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.— Secretary Root
to-day made public all of the papers re
latins to the investigation into the Gov
ernment contract for gloves with E. R.
Lyon. This contractor procured gloves
from Littauer Bros., the senior member
of the firm, I* N. Littauer. beins a mem
ber of Congress. Secretary Root has re
ferred the case to the Department of Jus
tice, in order that it may be ascertained if
the law has been violated, and, if so, that"
appropriate measures may be taken in
the premises. There is a statute .which,
prohibits contracts for the Government
being made either directly or Indirectly
with a» member of Congress, and this was
the basis for the investigation by the War
Department.
.ThQ p3ss«nger train consisted of six
«ars. There were two baggage and ex
press ca^s, a smoker, a ladies' compart
ment car, -tiie Pullman sleeper and a
tourist sleeper. Th<^ foremost sleeping
car telescoped the smoking car. The
«hock threw many people from their
seats. The passengers got out of the cars
arid rushed to the aid of those In the
Smcker, but it was nearly an hour anil
a -half after the accident before the last
one was* taken from the wreck of the
smoker.
' HASTFGRD CITY, Ir.d., Aug. 3.—Six
••teen persons were Injured In a head-on
"cfilliEion to-<3ay between a westbound Pan
[ handle freight and the eastbound passen
••*Ehe seriously Injured are: W. H. Miller,
Leganport, head cut and bruised; George
A'ldwortht Chicago. leg crushed oft* below
fr*e; M. L. "Balm. Richmond, leg shat
tered; *C. H. . Frederick. Ridgeville, Ind.,
\eg broken; J. A. Watts, Chicago, leg cut
. :n -several place? and dislocated; Christo
" phet, Gofhamdt. Chicago, both legs
0 crushed and hurt Internally; William J.
Veil*. Chicago, both legs crushed and
tide injured; P. .J. Barrett, Chicago, boih
£gs broken; George Rowe. Logansport,
•nr.fcinoer of the freight train, right foot
' cm "and "badly bruised; Ben Palmors,
> Denver, on his way to Italy, leg bruised;
•Vtihn R. 'Kling, . Lcgansport. conductor.
\>eg broken and foot bruised; George Galt
¦•ijtain. Chicago, bruised and "cut and back
W. Snyder, L«ogansport, foot
,-rrushed; Ephraim Whistler. Ixigansport,
eg tt^idly bruised and left side bruised;
'Richard Wavey. Elmwood, leg broken and
'foot crushed; W. A. Rumell, Loganspcrt,
'' le^ bruised.
"'In. addition to the above list of injured
.•five or six others were cut and bruised,
bin their wounds were not serious.
' -.The accicK-nt happened opposite the
<3eveland factory. The freight had or
1 jjtrs to get to the lap track west of the
.Cleveland factory and let the passenger
.Hr. A broken drawhead caused six min-.
irteaf delay. "}"he enginf-er sent the brake
¦ ijan ahead to flag the passenger. The
" treight stopped at the Washington-street
screening but soon followed the flagman.
jtfere was a heavy fog, making It impos
"feSMe to see fifty feet ahead. Opposite
the Cleveland factory the flagman saw
the passenger comins at full speed. He
..had just time to give a shout and jump
"for safety. Both engines were reversed
when they met but the momentum was
°tiot checked to any degree.
Fog Prevents the Engineers
f Discovering the Danger
:<¦ .Until Too Late.
Reports That Law Was Vio
lated in Army Glove
Contract.
Galifornian »Will^Driver. Out,
; 'the Inventor and His
"pf~~~? -.¦;:¦ ¦&• •
Sixteen of the Passen
gers Receive Serious
. Injuries.
Inspector Recommends
Civil Action Against
Littauer.
a,\ Clubhouse!
Airship Man Arrogantly
V Takes Possession of-
TRAINS COLLIDE
NEAR SIDETRACK
GOVERNMENT MAY
SUE CONGRESSMAN
LANGLEY ANGERS
TRUXTUN BEALE
BRITISH LORDS DEBATING
THE LAND BILL'S MERITS
Duke of Devonshire, Moving the Second Reading of Meas
ure, Speaks Warmly in Its Favor, While Duke of Aber
corn Says It Will Drive Country Gentlemen From Ireland
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALLy' TUESDAY,^AUGUST 4, 1903.
Testifies Against William H. Dillard, Negro Clerk in United
States Internal Revenue Office, on Trial for Alleged
Issuance of Fraudulent Certificates to Chinese Laborers
Collector lynch says
signature was forged
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
HalNPrice Sale Tuesday.
NECKWEAR.
Ettjl they come. New York man-
ufacturer was overstocked. Had to
selL We bought at our own figure.
All regular 5Oc quality.
"We can sell at half price and still
make our usual profit. ; ,:
. New French and Reversible Four-
in-Hands, new colorings Qr
and patterns, our sale price Q Q
Mercerized Silk Underwear.
Full finished, Heavy-weight Amer-
ican Mercerized Silk Underwear j ex-
cellent value at $2.50 per garment.
Our sale price 0> A r\ f
.! .^...{j>1.25
1028-1030 JIAEKET STREET/
San Francisco.
1157-1159 WASHINGTON STREET,
Oakland.
ADVERTISEMENTS. r; t
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
Fop the Form and Complexion.
' Has been «ucee»»-
SfalSjt^ V^£JT * ns actresses. j;n«-
£GJ- fi§5* er " ani1 women ot
X&5' 5* V*5 fashion for more
VV2 +s 7? than U."> y-Mrx.
VC t Wherevfflr applied it
•^3 i7 / is instantly absorbed
Vt *)T through the pores of
J J the akin, and Its
j^ t wonderful nutrition
f X r>o.:» the wasting
fejffc. T> Removing Pimples
N>t'AA^ V A3 if by magic. on«
t'%r75L—^ V Jf application often
• I irXyk. M* showing a remark-
* *Wl7[V<yT7 able Improvement.
tvb ntiBTNViE'H FOOD la positively
th? only^r^arafion^nown to .medical . -cienc.
that will round out hollows in th« neck »nd
produce firm, healthy flesh on * Wa cneeka.
arms and hands. ____ -._— _
POB D£V23iOPI3*G THE BUST
Or breast* shrunken from nursing It baa the
highest Indorsement of physician*. Two boxes
are often sufficient to make the bust arm.
la sO*LD d BY a THE 1 EMPORirM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS.
Regular price $1.00 a box. but to all who
take advantage of this SPECIAL OFFER and
send us one dollar we will send two (2) boxes,
in plain wrapper.
FDPP —A sample box and our book.
K 13 tl "ART OF MASSAGE." fully il-
lustrated will be sent free to any lady sending
10 centa to pay for cost of mailing. Addrrfss
DR. CHARLES CO.. 19 Ptri P1 M ». Haw Tarfc -
•«ift->,\''i''V-.'.V.V 1 . .... ¦¦ ...._, _ . _. ;. - * ¦.. V'^>*> . .,
Body 80 inches long. 7 Inches deep; ltt-tnclt
axles, long distance; wheel* lW-lncD; A-srads
springs, oil tempered: nicely trimmed and Ba-
nned. PRICE THIS C^Q (-A
week ..^...r.;^. O^u.iaU
Allison, Neff & Co.,
222 MISSION STREET,
._. . _ Saa Francisco. CaUContinued From Page 1, Column 6.
Conflicting Tales
Vex the Active
Officers of Law
Cardinal Herrero is being treated by
Dr. Lapponl and nursed by his fellow
Cardinals, besides his conclavists. King
Alfonso of Spain has telegraphed to his
Embassador inquiring as to the condi
tion of the Cardinal.
The Osservatore Romano, the organ of
the Vatican, officially announces that Car
dinal Herrero y Espinosa, being gravely
111. has received the last communion. Mon
slgnor Boniface JIarin, the Vicar Gen
eral of his archdiocese (Valencia), was
admitted to the conclave to-day, the door
being opened for that purpose with all
the prescribed precautions. Outside were
the Governor and Marstr.il of the con
clave, assisted by captains ot the guard.
The Apostolic Prothenotarles and the son
of Prince Chigi acted as witnesses. In
side the door when It was opened were
Monslgnor Merry del Val, secretary of
the consistory; Monsigor Roggi. prefect
of r ceremonies, and Monaignor Marzollni.
The record of the admittance of Monslg
nor Marin was officially recorded in a
formal document, which will be placed in
the archives.
CARDINAL HEBBERO DYING.
Among the Embassadors and ecclesias
tics there exists a general opinion that,
if only for the sake of saving the aged
Cardinals, much may be sacrifled within
the conclave to arrive at a speedy con
clusion. On the other hand there are a
few pessimistic enough to believe tHat
the hostility among the factions in the
Sacred College is so bitter that the. strug
gle may be continued for several weeks.
Out of all the rumors and gossip afloat
concerning what is transpiring In the con
clave the most persistent report Is to tho
effect that the Rampolla and Seraflno Van
nutelli factions have remained compact
and that the attempt of one faction to
press forward a. new candidate In the
hope of breaking the strength of the
other has failed. The Italia says that
matters have reached a point which pre
sages the possibility of the election of a
foreign Pope and that Cardinal Kopp.
Bishop of Breslau. who is most frequent
ly mentioned in this connection, has the
support of the German Emperor. If this
is true, the Italia interprets it as a move
on the part of the Rampolla faction to
win over the Austro-German Cardinals
from Seranno VannutellL •
IHO BREAK IN" FACTIONS.
Rome Is becoming extremely impatient
over the delay in the selection of the new
Pope, concerning which there appears to
be no definite expression, owing to the
rigid secrecy with which th© proceedings
within the conclave are being guarded.
To-day practically the only news that
came from the Slstlne Chapel was that
of the extremely grave illness of Cardinal
Herrero. It is presumed, however, that
the other aged Cardinals also are suffer
ing from their prolonged incarceration
and the Intense heat.
ROME. Aug. 3.— After three full daya
of deliberation, during which six ballots
have been taken, the members of the
conclave still remain shut up in the Vat
ican without having selected a successor
to L«o XIII. Tha futility of both the
ballots taken to-day was evidenced by
the smoke which arose from the Slstina
Chapel. This mute signal »hls evening
was watched by a large crowd, which
partly filled the Square- of San Pletro,
and which, it was estimated, numbered
about 15,000. Great disappointment was
manifested, and when the little puff of
'smoke appeared there were loud cries,
not only of disappointment, bat even' of
derision. J • ¦ .
Illness of the Spanish Cardinal, Her
rero y Espinosa, Has
. Ji Taken a Critical ££5S
Sift Tunu "Uffi
Throng Gathered Before the
Vatican Is Again Dis
appointed.
Sixth Vote Is Taken by
the College of Car
dinals.
FRUITLESS
BALLOTING
FOR POPE
Posses Are Afield
at Daybreak, but
Have Futile Trip
Desperado Roberts
Grosses Summit
of High Sierras
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
PLACERVILLE. Aug. 3.— Deputy
Sheriff Cook of El Dorado Coun
ty, Constable Leaks of New
castle, Placer County, and three
companions left town before
daylight and went to the Pa
cific House, twenty miles east, on the
road to Tahoe, for the purpose of trailing
five supposed convicts who appeared at
the station named last night The report
was discovered to be without fundation.
It was . learned, however, that Convict
Roberts passed the summit of the Sierras
four days ago, and has undoubtedly
passed out of Carson and Virginia City
before to-day. Roberts broke away from
his companions and set out on an almost
straight line east, avoiding the towns. He
carried a bundle, but no gun. He stopped
several hours at a house this side of Sum
mit At Summit he met a party of twen
ty young people who were camping. He
was fed by them and left in the direction
of Nevada, Carson is distant from Sum
mit about forty, miles, and Roberts had
plenty of time to get there since Thurs
day. A dozen people along the road, who
see so few strangers that they remember
them, identified Roberts' photograph as
that of the man observed by them, as did
also the campers.
CRIMINALS NOW SEEKING REFUGE IN EASTERN AMADOR
MAY SOON BE SURROUNDED BY VETERAN MAN-HUNTERST
FILIPINOS
PLAN A NEW
REBELLION
Chicagoan Tells Amaz
ing Things About
the Islands.
.Deserters, He Declares, Are
Drilling Natives for
0 •' . War.
Secretly Cany Rifles to. the
•„. Coasts, Says a Merchant Who
Visited Uncle Sam's Insu
»°. lax Possessions.
Special DisjMitch to Tha CalL
VICTORIA, B. C. Aug. 8.— "There will
,*be another revolution in the Philippines
\ and the insurgents are preparing far It
vigorously, though secretly." So Bald
JW. C. Deering, a merchant cf Chicago,
'who arrived from a tour of the Orient
.ty the Bteamcr Tacoma. He said on his
arrival here to on interviewer:
• "You probably have the idea here, as
the majority of people seem, to have In
•the United States, that the troubles are
all over in the Philippines, that the war
is at ah end, . but mark my words there
cwijl be further trouble there. It may not
• be soon, but that it will come eventually
seems a certainty, as far as I could
Icirr. during my tour of the East.
"The Filipinos are being drilled in
many parts of the islands and they are
being arched. The business of filibuster-
Ing is a good one for many people in con
nection with this rebel movement. Therje
«.re no* many vessels engaged, in running
guns to the islands. Schooners are
sil the time running rifles and other sup
plies to points 0:1 the island coasts,
where the arms are cached until they are
taken to the insurgents -when opportunity
offers. Many of the vessels engaged in
piis business are email schooners, some
of wfcich run the arms from Hongkong
• find points on the China coast, while
others come from abroad, and probably
tome even from the coast ports of the
Vniied -States. It is not at all improbable
" that, some . cargoes are run from, tbe
United States.
. "The Filipinos are being drilled by
many deserters from the United .States
army In the islands. Many negroes from
the" colored regiments have deserted and
gone over to the rebels, and some whites
also, but the colored men seem to be the
more numerous as- far as I 'could learn.
Then agaia there are a number of Ger
mans and other broken-down soldiers
from Europe who are teaching the In-.
surgems and preparing- them to struggle
¦with Uncie Sam's troops."
I1TD1ANS ARE ENLISTED. '
Expert Trailers Will Join in the
Han Hunt.
PLACERVILLE, Aug. 3.— A posse of
twelve expert Indians, well versed in fol
lowing trails, has been organized at Nash
ville, in El Dorado County, and the men
Jiave been sworn in as deputies to join In
the hunt for the five convicts who am
bUFhed the soldiers of this city last Sat
urday.
• The Indian trailers have reported to
Sheriff Norman of Amador County, who
IS in charge of the posses operating be
tween .the Xorth Fork and the Middle
Fork of the Cosumnes River, a few miles
•west cf Grizzly Flat.
WORK FOR THE HOTTNDS.
".Dogs Are to Be Turned Loose at Web
ber Creek.
PLACERVILLE. Aug. 3.— Sheriff Bos
<;ult has received word that some blood
* hounds ' will arrive here on to-night's
train from Folsom prison and they will
. be used in the hunt for some of the
escaped felons. The first hot trail that is
picked up In the Webber Creek district,
•where the negro. Seavis, and Convict
Case axe known to be, will be utilized and
the bloodhounds will be put on the trail.
Governor Increases Reward.
0 SACRAMENTO, Aug. 3.— Governor Par
dee to-night increased tho reward for
jeach convict. to &KX).
Hume was alone in 'his house. Four
men, who admitted that they . were es-
PLACERVILLE, Aug. 3.-Charley Dal
ton came into town this afternoon from
Alabama Flat, which is situated three
miles due west from Garden Valleyj with
a story of the visit of four convicts to
the ranch of David Hume yesterday
afternoon.
Convicts Boldly Confess Their Iden
tity at a Ranch.
VISIT OF FUGITIVES^
It is generally agreed that convicts
Case and Seavls at least are still in the
neighborhood of Webber Creek. Jolly be
lieves that more outlaws yet are wan
dering around in the same section. This
locality has been searched for five days
by different posses with no success.
Guards began work at daylight and toiled
until noon when they returned to Lotus
for dinner. A long conference was held
after which the wearied searchers rested.
Great secrecy was maintained about
maneuvers, as most of the leaders in the
great manhunt are certain that outside
aid and Information have been furnished
the convicts. At twilight guards set out
from Euhlenkamp's store for the cross
road three miles south of Lotus. The
plan is to station two men In eight lonely
houses in Webber Creek district In hope
of catching the convicts who may call.
in their hunt for escaped con
victs. The posse of sixteen men
was divided this morning into detach
ments of two 1>r three men each and hills
around Orellis and Jurgen's postofflce
were diligently patrolled, but results were
not encouraging. Tracks were found at
various points and some were thought
to be those of outlaws.
PLACERVILLE, Aug. 3.—Lieu
tenant Kip, Charley Jolly and
their Folsom guards have met
no success, in the Lotus, and
Webber Creek districts to-day
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Webber Creek Soil
Shows Traces of
Traveling Felons
So with a report that the body of a
convict had been found near Auburn this
morning. Investigation showed that this
was founded on the report made in Pla
cerville yesterday that one of the con
victs who had ambushed the militia had
been found on the hill near the Grand
Victory mine» The report from Placer-'
ville reached Auburn and in coins: from
one person to another it was distorted.
Ajsearch is being made of the hill where
the soldiers were ambushed in order to
see if one of the convicts Is lying dead
there, but so far no signs have been dis
covered. Every possible ¦ outlet from El
Dorado County is carefully guarded by
600 armed men, but there Is still the pos
sibility of the murderers who killed the
two soldiers slipping through the lines.
VEXATIONS FOR POSSES.
The air Is still filled with rumors of
all kinds and the work of the Sheriffs
and posses is most arduous. Every ru
mor and report that comes In has to be
Investigated, for otherwise it would seem
as if the entire malodorous population of
Folsom prison was at large.
An instance of the hard work of the
Sheriffs is shown by the report that came
In here from Dutch Flat late last night
that shots had been exchanged between
the posse and two convicts near Dutch
Flat Cemetery. Sheriff Keena of Placer
County rode with his posse all night from
Lotus to Dutch Flat, while another posse
sped over the road from Auburn in order
to be In the expected battle this morn
ing. Early news from Dutch Flat this
morning showed that there was nothing
whatever In last night's report that a
convict had been wounded and one of
the posse shot.
"Red Shirt" Gordon has not been seen
since be dropped away from the band of
thirteen murderers when Guard Ryan of
Folsom prison fired on> the outlaws at
Mormon Island bridge. Gordon is prob
ably in hiding by this "time in some large
city.
Still three more of the convicts are
thought to be on the middle fork of the
American* River, northeast of the Span
ish Dry Diggings, which are near the
Placer County line. One of the convicts
is probably in . Nevada to-day, as all re
ports indicate that one of the outlaws
worked his way clean across El Dorado
County and struck out on the Tahoe road.
GORDON ENTIRELY LOST.
culations of the events of the past few
days, five of the convicts who ambushed
the militia at the Grand Victory mine are
somewhere on the middle fork of the Co
sumnes River southwest of the town of
Grizzly Flat. The convicts Seavls and
Case are still in the region of the Web
ber Creek district, where the creek runs
into the south fork of the American Riv
er. These desperadoes, one of whom is
the notorious and bloodthirsty negro,
were seen Saturday night about four miles
due 'east of Salmon Falls. They took
dinner at the Chapman ranch and ad
mitted their identity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE, Aug. S.— Flags
are at halfmast and an air of
mourning pervades this city on
account of the untimely end-
Ing, of Festus Rutherford and
GrifHth Jones, the two members
of Company H of the Second Regiment,
National Guard of California, who so
bravely met death whileMiuntlng for some
of the escaped felons from Folsom prison
last Saturday.
The bodies of the two men were viewed
by hundreds of people yesterday at the
undertaking . establishment of Coroner
WInchell. This morning Captain Wlster
of the militia mounted a guard of honor
and this guard* will be maintained during
the night. The body of Rutherford was
removed from Placerville this morning to
his mother's home at Missouri Flat, as
she and her children desired to have the
remains of their loved one In the home
for one night before the interment is
held. Jones* body remains at the Cor
oner's office and unless word is received
to-day from Jones' wife, from whom he
was separated, the militia company will
carry out Its plans and give the remains
a military funeral. The wife of Jones
and her little girl live in San Francisco,
but no one has been able to locate them.
The body of Rutherford will be buried
to-morrow morning and that of Jones In
the afternoon. Brief services will be held
at the Rutherford home and the body will
then be brought to Placerville, where It
will be met by the militia company and
members of the Fraternal Brotherhood.
Services will be held at- the Methodist
Episcopal church and the Rev. George T.
King will officiate. The funeral will be
a military one and all honors will be ren
dered to the dead hero. The Interment
will be at Union Cemetery. Tfie funeral
of Jones will take place in the afternoon
and military honors will be a tribute to
the heroic young man who gave his life
while serving as a volunteer to enforce
the law. .The body of Philip Stringer has
been taken care of by his friends and the
funeral of the man who was accidentally
shot will be private.
The outlaws traveled most of the day
and ,night following their departure from
Hanks' Exchange over the roughest kind
of country and arrived at a point a mile
and a half from the Copper Lead mine at
10:30 o'clock last night.
They visited the cabin of George Esty,
commonly known as "Dutch Henry," and
held him up at the point of a rifle. He
was compelled to prepare a meal for the
desperadoes, who ate heartily. After sup
per thev went .through the old man's
house and took practically everything he
possessed. Warning him that he would
be killed If he should report . the affair,
they strode, off in the darkness up the
bed of the river, whicn is nearly dry at
this season of the year. .
Seavis, the negro, was not in the gang,
and as he was- seen at, Chapman's only
a few hours after the fight it ; is certain
that he. was not with tne men who killed
the militiamen, as was at first thought. .
News of the hold-up in the neigbbor-
force of twenty men. I believe that we
will have a brisk fight."
Norman was with Deputy Sheriff Thom
as Jackson of Amador at the Evans and
Sonntag round-up. Jackson is one "of the
best known gunflghters and trailers in
California. He has a wooden foot, which,
however, does not impede his mountain
work materially. He is as happy as a
clam at high tide to get into so lively a
hunt, and asserts that he will come back
with some scalps.
Continued From Page 1, Cols. 3 and 4.
Mourning Hundreds
View the Bodies
of Soldier Dead
caped convicts, pointed a revolver at his
head and demanded a meal. Hume
obeyed, and said that his visitors seemed
to think that "Smoky." as Seavi3 i3
called by his companions, was captured
at Webber Creek. They said nothing
about having aeen any posses, but were
on their guard, and were avoiding all
centers of population.
When they had flnished the men took
a few articles lying about the house and
barn that might be useful and 4. disap
peared. Hume said he did not notice
which direction his visitors made for.
All he cared about was to see them go
and go quickly.
Amador Sheriff
and His Posse
Expect a Battle
"There is no road to that village and
the convicts must have taken a mountain
trail if they did not keep along. the river
bed. There are no houses to speak of
beyond the Fiat, and if the outlaws are
careful /they can get to the hills and over
into Nevada. They can grub stake most
any day, shooting game. Besides there
will not be any one who will tackle the
Job of hunting them in the mountains.
It is worse than looking for a needle in
a haystack. They came " down from
the Copper mine. to Fair Play, and then
up to Somerset, where he ran into me."
O. H. McCoughey, manager of a gold
mine two miles up the Cosumnes from
the Copper Lead mine, has been In Pla
cerville' for a. week,, and was much ex
cited yesterday when . he heard - that the
desperadoes wereV heading toward his
camp."- His wife and children and twenty
-employes are at "the mine and are In no
,way prepared to protect themselves from
the outlaws. McCoughey Bays that his
people will have sense enough to feed
reckless murderers if they, arrive and he
will make no objection if half the camp
Is carried away into the Sierras.
REGION VERY ROUGH.
"I»cot into Somerset early this morn-
Ing and saw Dick Lyons riding horse
back 'down the road like mad. He shout
ed that he was coming for help to get
the escaped convicts who stood up and
robbed "Dutch Henry" a mile and a half
below the Copper Lead mine on the Co
sumnes River. He was after Sheriff Nor
man and four other men from Amador
County, who spent last night a^Bakers
Bar, and- who intended to make Grizzly
Flat to-day to. head off the convicts.
"Lyons said that the outlaws knocked
at the door of his cabin and when he
appeared they told him to dig up some
grub and be auick about it. They held
a sun on him while he cooked supper.
After they had eaten they went through
the shack. and gobbled up blankets, food
and even a lot cf clothes. They said they
were convicts. They lay around half an
hour or so and then took on up the Mid
dle Fork of the Cosumnes toward Grizzly
Flat.'
WILD BIDE OF LYONS.
hood of thp Copper ljcad mine was
brought to Placerville by J. H. Blakely.
a veteran stage driver, who got his In
formation from Dick Lyons at Somerset.
Slight Information on the same subject
was received by Sheriff Bosquit over the
telephone from Pleasant Valley, which is
fourteen miles from the scene of the rob.
bery. Stage Drivey Blakely's statement
is as follows:
Scenes in.the El Dorado Hills Where Hundreds of Armed Men Are Searching for Folsom Felons.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1903.
3
DB. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
The Hoa. Amos P. Atkins, who is onor
of the most prominent men in Nsrr,
Albany, Ind., and^ Treasure^ of Floyd
County, has this advice to give to those
who are shut up within the narrow con-
fines of office or shop :
"Dr. Piercs's Golden Medical Discovery
seems to take the place of hard training in
developing strength, vigor and endurance
of the system and expelling all impurities,
with which the blood sometimes gets
clogged. I have found by personal experi-
ence that it enables me to do more hard
work, and at the same time endure more
physical strain and partake with greater
vim in outdoor sports than anything I
know of. It can always be relied upon
to increase the appetite, induce healuful
sleep, and tone and refresh a worn-out
system.
"A number of my friends who have osed
it speak in the same high terms, and we
have reason to consider it an office man's
friend."
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
is a blood - purifier and health - giving
tonic that contains no alcohol, opium or
other narcotic. It is a purely vegetable
compound, made from roots and herbs
in an up-to-date pharmaceutical labora-
tory, and has been used and recom-
mended by thousands of people during
the past thirty-seven years.
$3,000 FORFEIT will be paid by
the World's Dispensary Medical Asso-
ciation, Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y., if
they cannot show the original signature
of the individual volunteering the above
testimonial, and also of the writers of
every testimonial among the thousands
which they are constantly publishing,
thus proving their genuineness.
*-. ¦ ¦ ¦ --•*" •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It is a wonderful soap
that- takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's ; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by-
alkali. Still more hahn is
done by not washing. So,
' bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the fat
* and alkali not well bal-
anced .or not combined.
What is good soap ?
Bold all over the worM. ; •
Schilling's Best bring-in a
new era in trade. Sa far as
they go, the grocer's business
is perfectly easy and perfectly
safe; Uniform price and *ua-
.lity make it easy, and money-
back mikes it safe. . \Sues Owners of Dog.
Margaret McSweeney, who says that on
May 13 last she was bitten by a dog
owned by John and Mary Carroll, filed
a suit for $2325 damages arainst the Car
rolls yesterday. . . *
SAN JOSE, Aug. 3.— Thomas E. Snell.
one of the pioneer stock raisers of Santa
Clara Valley and the owner of 23,000 acres
of land, running from Hall's Valley to
Smith Creek and Including Smith Creek
hotel property, died this morning aged 7J
years. He came to California in 1SS1 and
leaves a widow and seven children.
Pioneer Stock Raiser Dies.
Cost of Repairing Ruin Caused by
Vthe Temblor Will Be *
$10,000.
, %AN JOSE. Aug. 3.— The damage from
last night's earthquake Is greater than
was at first supposed and will amount to
$10,000 iq this city. O. A. Hale repDrts the
loss in his store alone at $1000. Three plate
glass windows were broken in the Sec
ond-street front and nearly all the mir
rors on that side of the house were
wrecked. There was also big damage
from crockery and glassware.
Plaster was broken in nearly every
building In town. The Courthouse and
Hall of Records were badly shaken and
much repair will be needed. It will take
about $500 # to repair the damage to the
Horace Mann and Lowell schools. Chim
neys toppled over at many of the private
residences.
EARTHQUAKE DAMAGE
' "HEAVY AT SAN JOSE
: Brunk had not Been his friend when he
telegraphed the news of his safety from
the wilds of Mendoclno County, but lie
had authoritative news on the subject
and declared he would spend Sunday In
camp with his friend.
The ¦ news of Webber's disappearance
was brought to this city from Covelo by
George Squires. He announced that while
attending a public dance in Covelo a
member of Webber's party had appeared
at the dance at that place and announced
that Webber had disappeared before
breakfast while hunting for his mule and
at that tlme^had been gone three days.
Assistance was asked for In searching for
the missing man, and twenty men had
agreed to start at daylight and-asnlst In
the search. .
During all the time of his reported dis
appearance Webber has been enjoying the
best of health and has been putting in his
time. hunting deer, totally oblivious of the
alarming reports which were being circu
lated regarding him. / .
8ANTA ROSA, Aug. 3.— Ex-District At
torney Ortow O. Webber.Vwho was i»e
ported missing recently, has been located
safe and sound at a point near Westport.
in Northern Mendoclno County. The first
authentic news of Webber's safety was
received here this afternoon in a telegram
dated at Westport and signed by Jesse Z.
Brunk of this city. Brunk departed trom
Santa Rosa several days since to visit a
sick relative. In Northern Mendocln^
County, and prior to hla departure he an
nounced his intention of making a search
for the missing' man.
EpecUl Dispatch to The Call
Friend of the Man Who Sud
denly Disappeared Lo-
Wilderness.
Former Santa Rosa Of
• ficial Not Lost in
MISSING WEBBER
HUNTS THE DEER
CANTON*. Ohio, Aug. 3. — Joseph Saxton.
aged 73 year*, the last surviving uncle of
Mn. . McKinley, died to-day of ccrebrlum
anamae.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 8.— John T. Cupper
Mayor of Lock Haven. Pa., who tm indicted
by, the Grand Jury Friday, In connection with
pojtal Irregularities, to-day gave ball In the
sum of $10,000. " * : -
WOODLAND, Aug. 3. — Johnnie Wil
liams, the stage driver, . and Constable
Parker, who left here last Friday night
to run down a slight clew as to the
whereabouts of the man who held up the
Bartlett Springs stage, returned last
night. They came back empty-handed.
They traveled all night Friday and all
day Saturday, making eamp for the first
time Saturday morning. Sunday morn-
Ing they had no difficulty in . locating
the man suspected, but he was -not the
man wanted. ' '
Bandit Chase Is Abandoned.
The petition was hardly filed before ob
jections and protests were made j to the
movement. Assemblyman H. W. Brown,
who resides at Colma, appeared before
the board and presented a written opposi
tion, signed by a large number of tho
residents of that place. He also repre
sented the Cypress Lawn Cemetery Asso
ciation, which objects to having: Its prop
erty included within the proposed mu
nicipality. Archbishop Riordan will also
object to the limits of the town and the
taking in of Holy Cross Cemetery.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 3.-A petition
was to-day presented to the Board of Su
pervisors by residents of Colma asking
that the latter place be incorporated as a
town of the sixth class. The territory
which it is proposed shall comprise the
town. of Colma covers a large area, reach
ing from the bay to the ocean and ex
tending south to Include Holy Cross Cem
etery.
CEMETERY OWNERS
OPPOSE MUNICIPALITY
Vigorous Objection to the 'Plan for
the Incorporation of
Colma.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 3.— Miss Wilhelmina
Wendt, one, of San Jose's most popular
young ladles, became the /wife of Albert
Claassen of Oakland yesterday. The cer
emony was performed by the Rev. Dr.
Wakefleld of the' Episcopal church at
the home of the bride's parents. Miss
Wendt graduated from the State Normal
School, and during the past year has been
teaching at Rocklin. She Is a daughter
of Mrs. W. Wendt and the late Gustave
Wendt, a pioneer butcher of this city.
Mr. Claassen is well known in San
Jose, Oakland and San Francisco, and
holds the position of cashier with the
Southern Pacific Company. The happy
couple will spend their honejunoon at
Shasta Retreat, after which they will
make their home in Oakland.
Miss Wilhelmina Wendt Becomes the
Wife of Albert Claassen of
Oakland.
GAEDEN CITY BELLE
.«* LED TO THE ALTAR
Jumps From Wharf to Death.
VALLEJO. Aug. 3.— Michael Sheehan,
who had been employed by John Wynne
at the Georjria-street wharf, committed
eujclde to-flay by jumping off the ferry
ellp Into the bay. Sheehan had been act
ing strangely and was to have been taken
to the asylum at Napa. He had a bad
fall at the navy yard years ago and
never recovered. He leaves a
Ulster, who lives In South VaHejo. He
was J5 vears of age.
Child Drowned in Eel River.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 3.— Ruth Crimson,
the 4-year-old daughter of a widow* met
death In the waters of Eel River at Pep
perwood on Saturday. The child was play-
Ing with a number of companions, with
whom she had l»een on a picnic, j The chil
dren were unaccompanied, and had been
particularly warned against going near
the water. Unheeding this advice, they
toddled over a little footbridge which
crosses the river. Ruth attempted to fol
low the other children, who had crossed,
and fell into a deep pool. Frank Wlnne
mlller arrived some time afterward and
recovered the child, but life was extinct.
AUBURN, Aug. 3.— Word reached this
place to-day that a large and rich body
of gravel had been struck on what' is
called the Peckham Hill property at
Spring Garden, on the Forest Hill divide.
Placer County.
The property Is composed of a number
of claim?, aggregating several thousand
acres. Albert C. Burrage, the Boston
multi-millionaire, president of the Amal
gamated Copper Trust, and owner of all
the gas lighting plants in Boston, is the
owner of the property. For over a year
past Burrage has had a large force of
men driving a tunnel under the superln
tendency of George McAulay. .It Is re
ported that some of the gravel has shown
up 56 and $7 to the pan.
A strike of this kind will add an impe
tus to mining conditions over the whole
county and especially on the Spring Gar
den and Forest Hill Country, a section
particularly rich In gravel deposits.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The meeting was held behind closed
doors, admission being by card, and the
representatives of the press were exclud
ed. It was stated, however, by officials
of the alliance that more than 700 per
sons were present.
The resolutions conclude with an appeal
to those in authority to arrest and prose
cute all .persons who unlawfully carry
deadly weapons concealed about their per
sons.
DENVER, Aug. 3.-At the meeting of
the Citizens" Alliance called for the pur
pose of indorsing the action of the Citi
zens' Protective League of Idaho Springs,
Colo., In expelling from that city fourteen
members of the local Miners" Union the
day after the blowing up with dynamite
of the converter-house of the Sun and
Moon mine recently, resolutions were
adopted commending the course of the al
liance of. Idaho Springs and the law of
ficers of Clear Creek County, "which,
while Involving a technical deviation
from the letter of the law, became neces
sary owing to the exigencies of the case."
The preamble of the resolutions charge
that within the organization of the West
ern Federation of Miners "there exists a
'strict oath-bound Inner circle, ready and
pledged to commit personal violence, mur
der and the destruction of property at
the behest and 'mandate of their leaders,
who in turn are a law unto themselves
and recognize no rights of others, and by
unlawful means seek to control some of
the most important interests of the
State."
Guardian Stevens has a large force of
men at work fighting the flames, and it
Is' hoped that the fire may be kept be
tween the Coultervllle roadway and the
Merced River. Should the blaze cross tho
roadv.ay In any place its spread will be
inevitable, for the woods are as dry as
tinder and the leaves and undergrowth
beneath the trees spread the flre very
rapidly.
,A portion of the United States cavalry
Ib also assisting the guardian in the work
«f checking the flames. Provisions have
been sent from the Sentinel Hotel by Pro
prietor J. B. Cook, and the men will work
on the ground all night.
Forest fires have been quite numerous In
the vicinity of the valley lately, one at
Fort Monroe and another in the Illilouette
Canyon doing considerable damage to the
valuable timber reserve lands held by the
National Government.
YOSEMITE VALLEY, Aug. 3.— A bis
forest fire is raging to-night Just outside
of the valley and past the gateway guard
ed by El Capitan and Cathedral Rocks.
Should the efforts of the flre-flghters
prove futile the flames will enter the val
ley and destroy a great number of the
pine and oak trees.
Citizens' Alliance of Den
ver Denounces Miners'
Union.
Reports of a Rich Strike
at Spring Garden
in Placer.
Great Blaze Makes Rapid
Headway Near El
CapitatL
MAKES ATTACK
ON FEDERATION
FIRE THREATENS
YOSEMIIE VALLEY
REDWOOD CITY. Aug. 3— The taking
of testimony in the La Palme shooting
case was commenced to-night before the
Coroner's jury, but was not completed.
The principal witness examined was
one of the young companions of the boy
La Palme who was with him at the time
he met his death, a boy named David
W. Sharon, 14 years of age. He told
' how he and the three boy?— La Palme.
HIggins and Wald— walked down the
railroad to Beresford on the 2Sth of last
month, bound for the slough back of Mc-
Lellan's to have a pwim. At Beresford
they branched off and went through the
McLellan ranch until they came to the '
creek. Here they found a boat, which
they i.sed to cress to the other side.
Thre« of them commenced to undress on
the bank, while La Palme remained in
the boat.
About the time they got out of the
boat a shot was fired in their direction
by parties at the McLellan place, near
the barn. This shot struck in front of
them, about 100 yards away. Ju«t after
this shot was fired three men started to
ward them from the barn. A second shot
was fired. Immediately after this shot
young La Palme cried out, "I'm shot!"
and Jumped out of t{ie boat and ran to
where the other boys were, a distance
of twenty-five or thirty feet, and fell
dead. Soon after the second shot George
MfLellan. Howard McLellan and the boy
Bresmo Martine came to the edge of the
creek. George McLellan then told them
they ought not to have taken the boat,
that they had no right to take it, Fur
ther testimony will be taken to-mor
row night, at which time Bresmo Mar
tine, who fired the fatal shot, will state
all the facts of the shooting.
Inquest in the La Palme Shooting
Case Begins at Redwood
City.
CORONER INQUIRES
INTO A BOY'S DEATH
HEADQUARTERS OF THE MEMBERS OF THE OUTDOOR ART CLUB
IN MILL VALLEY, WHICH IS PREPARING A MOST INTERESTING
HOUSE AND GARDEN FETE FOR NEXT SATURDAY.
GRAVEL YIELDS
ABUNDANT GOLD
Military euchre will be played in the
beautifully decorated home, each table to
have a large flag of one of the foreign
nations and ten small American ones sur
rounding. The winning pair will take a
email flag to mark a game won and place
it at the table they originally started
from. At the end of the playing the table
having the greatest number of small flags
will make its original players winners:
Valuable prizes have been donated.
The Outdoor Art Club devotes Itself to
the- preservation of the natural beauties
of the valley. It is composed of ladies,
with gentlemen as associate members.
The affair promises to be a great success.
the benefit of the new club
house are now almost complete. The af
fair will be held on Saturday, "August 8,
k at "Burl wood," on the Ea^stland estate
grounds, and will be artistically and so
cially notable. The admission will be 50
cents for cards, either in the house or for
the garden fete.
The grounds will be lighted by elec
tricity and lanterns. An orchestra will
discourse and there will be dancing under
the redwoods. Palmists will be there and
refreshments will be served.
MILL. VALLE"r, Aug. 3.— The
elaborate preparations for the
"founders' day" entertainment
of the Outdoor Art Club for
The people of the coast side will give
the projects their moral and financial sup
port. Messrs. Clsrk and Bowie are deeply
interested in the matter and predict a
great future for the coast side. Already
they have had preliminary surveys made,
presenting to-day to the inspection of the
board a map of the proposed routes made
by Engineer E. F. Haas, who was present
to explain them.
They agree that if they shall be award
ed the franchises work will . be com
menced as soon as practicable, though
.the ordinance will give them two years In
which to commence work. By its terms'
they must construct at least five miles of
track each year until final completion or
forfeit all rights under their franchise.
COAST FOLK WILLING.
Mr. Bowje Is well known as a wealthy
and conservative business man. Mr. Clark
is a roeent comer to this county, but
has already invested heavily In real
estate in and about San Mateo. having
rome time ago purchased the property
formerly owned by Walter Hobart. He is
the ton of the millionaire copper king.
Senator Clark, and has unlimited backing
in any enterprise he may venture upon.
If built the roads will open up one of
the most fertile spots In the State, justly
railed the "Jordan of San Francisco."
The electric line will follow the course
of the present county road, crossing the
Crystal Springs Lake. The steam road
will run farther south and instead of
crossing the Sake will be constructed
around it. From this point on to Half
moon Bay the general course will be the
same.
By the terms of the franchises ordered
advertised no portion of the roads will
be used except where it becomes neces
sary' to cross them. A number of times
in the Da6t companies have been formed
to construct a coast railroad, but in each
case obstacles have been encountered
which led to the abandonment of the en
terprise. This time, however, the people
are assured that if it Is feasible to build
a road it will be constructed.
COUNTY ROADS SAFE.
The Supervisors were all favorable to
the proposed routes and -directed their
clerk to advertise the franchises for^ale,
fixing September 7 as the time when they
would receive bids for the same. At the
la«t meeting of the board these two gen
tlemen presented applications for fran
chises, but at that time the board desired
a little more definite Information as to
how much of the county roads would be
used.
REDWOOD CITY. Aug. 3.— Charles W.
'lark and Henry P. Bowie, two prominent
and wealthy residents of San Mateo, to
day'made application to the Board of Su
pervisors for two railroad franchises, It
being the Intention of these two gentle
men and others interested with them, to
construct two lines of railroads, one an
electric line leading from San Mateo over
the mountains to Halfmoon Bay, and the
ether a steam line from the same point
of beginning to Halfmoon' Bay and on
down the coast to Pescad-ero and to the
San Mateo and Santa Crux County line.
6j>eclal Dirpatch to The Call.
Steam and Electric Lines to
Connect Towns With
Coast.
San Mateo Supervisors
. Approve New Ap
plications.
Ladies of the Outdoor Art Club in the Pretty Town at the Base
of Tamalpais-Are Busy Completing Their Elaborate Arrange
ments for "Burlwood" House and Garden Fete Next Saturday
FAVOR PROJECT
FOR RAILROADS
DANCERS WILL MAKE MERRY
UNDER MILL VALLEY TREES
TH1? SAN FRANCISCO CALli, TUESDAY^ AUGUST 4, 1903.
4
I JDoveShootiflgj
I is Good Now |
• ;; . — at — ?
Paso Robles j
; j Hot. Springs
For Particulars Writ*
' ] | i ... W. A. JUNKER.
1 n - * Lessee and Manager, \ '
! | Ptso Kobles. Cal.
? Or Ca!l On
1 ? THOMAS COOK A SON.
IC2S Market Street.
' San Fjmnclsco. | '
Information Bureau, Southern Pacific, |
«J Market Street.
j ?««••• •••••••• »»•»•» »?-•-»-?
j" napa Napa. County,
[SODA SPRINGS, , Cal.
FO3 HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Xapa Soda Sprlnss. Situated LOOO feet above
the beautiful Xapa Valley. Hot and ccld soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains dally 7:30 a m and 4 pm. Add.
DOLLMAXN St JACOBS. Napa Soda gprlnga.
BARTLETT SPRINGS
Now is the time to re-
gain your health and
. , have a good time.
Write J. E. McMAHAN,* Bart-
lett Springs, Cal., or apply at No.*
2 Sutler St., S. F., for full informa-
tion.
Pamphlets Mailed on Application.
£TNA SPRINGS
The finest months of the year are August
and September. Autumn tints on the moun-
tains. Invigorating air and health-giving
waters. Pleasure and comfort ccmbined.
Swimming, bowling, drlvlnr. ' etc. Send for
pamphlet. Round trip from San Francisco $7.
AX2T2TA SFBUSTOS COMPANY,
Aetna Spring*. ITapa Co., CaL
»
NEW ANNEX.
GOI*F LINKS. " - "
ORCHESTRA.'
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE, CAL.
SWIMMING. .• '
BOWLJNO. : ' ¦ ,
, ¦ ¦ '— AUTOMOBILES.
Spjers Springs '
V, ' . LAKE. COUNTY. .' \ ;
•Wonderful curative properties for all disor-
ders of the stomach. Also a positive cure for
liver and kidney troubles. New hotel and cot-
tage; $10 to 914 per week. Best trout fishing
In Lake County. Round-trip ticket. S. P. of-
fice $3. For particulars call at Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery st.. or address • JOSHUA
SPIERS, Ptod. ; mall via Mlddletown. ; \
YOSEMITE VALLEY
ONLT IS HOURS FROM BAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT. '¦"--'
THE ONLY ROUTE TO MARIPO9A BIO
TREES! .
THE ONLT ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT! •
For particulars address A. ' S. MANN.' 61.1
MARKET ST.., SAN FRANCISCO. •
HOTEL WILLITS.
First season. New building; up to ' date
equipment; over a hundred rooms, handsomely
furnished; large dining-room; rooms en suite
with private baths: hot and cold water; elec-
tric lights; first-class plumbing - and ' perfect
sewerage. Redwoods and mountainous. country,
around with' all their pleasures; center of the
deer hunting and fishing of Mendoclno County.
$2 to $3 SO p«r day: $10 to SIS per week.. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIGAND. Manager. Wll-
lits. Mendoclno County, Cal.
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hct baths, wonderful stomach waters,
swimming pond, games, livery; %9 to $14 per
week. Booklets at Peck's. 11 Montgomery st
or H. U. McGOWAN. Seigler. Lake^ Co.. Call
OWN A HOME MEEKER
Free from fcg and wind, j Lots (10 uo. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. $50 up. Boating bath-
Ing, tenting ground; sawmill, depot, store P
O. Sausallto ferry. M. C. MEEIIER. cisn>
Meeker, Eono.nm County. ' ,. • •
HOTEL BON AIR.
New. modern 80-room hotel: Rosa Valley'
flrst-claes every par.; fishing, boating swim-
ming, beautiful drives; bus meets 10 11 •»
trains Kent sta. MR. & MRS. J. E.' MAN-
LOVE. props. P. O. ad. Rots Valley. Marln Co.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BESWICK. SISKITOU f.O. CAL.
1 Finest fishing, hunting and l*alth resort on
the coast. Send for booklet. •
EPSON BROS.. Proprietor*,
Campbell Hot Springs,
16 hours' rail to Boca; stage for spring, con.
necti 6 p. m. train from city; round trirj in
BONNIE NOOK
Alt. 4000 ft.; half ml. sta.; cottsjres l*nt.
boating bowling, elect, lights/ H. £! WIARn'
Towle. Placer County. Cal. ' "*a«u.
WHITS STJlPHtm SVBXXrOS— MMt
accessible springs to San FrancSco^RS°*i
trip $1 no stage fare. Only 2*4 hours' S
five miles from Vallejo. Hot cold _V»5 «i. '
sulphur baths: wonderful cu^~ f r bV« m .V£ m '
neuralgia, ecsema^ kidney, liver and stomach
diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak» for Sit
in* and bathing. Dancing, pavilion i bow?i B ;
alley, croquet grounds. Rates. $10 » wee^.nS
up Addrees MANUEL MADRID. Valle% Cal
pxsoAsrao.
Swanton House, under new m...
popular hotel of San Mateo Co ™o£m!3? nt -
cottages, beautiful grounds fanSSf?? 11 ,?^"
beach, fishing, huntlne. sea bathlM p P s bbU
3PBEEMAN HOTEL,
Auburn. Placer Co. Cal Uoit notmt. ' *"
mer and winter resort lnahe foothill, w Um *
Uon 1400 feet. Elect ric ! b«iu. lKSc fe*
Prices moderate. Address *-»e«nc lights.
FREEMAN ft WALSH. ProprUtorai .
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT!
Change In th« Ownership and Managnneat
nnYT£<r< a kt mineral
I UOwAJN SPRINGS
Located nlc» miles northeast of Red Bluff on
the line of the Southern Paclfle Railroad.
The undersigned b«K» to inform th« publ.o
that It fta» succeeded to the ownership and
management cf thes« famous »prln*». and It
Is their purpose to conduct th*:n In a manner
that will Insure such car* and comfort to Its
.patrons as will b« thoroughly satisfactory.
Particular art<»ntlcn will be given to the eulsln*
and dinlnn-room «»rvlce. Furthermore. It t»
the Intention of the new owners to extensively
Improve and beautify the property— which,
added to ths marvelous curative properties of
the various iprln*s in caif* Cf Oout. Rheu-
matism Catarrh of the Eladdar. Gravel. Dia-
betes Kidney Troubles cf every variety. Urin-
ary troubles Skin Disease*. Dyspepsia. CystltU
and Blood Disease* or every description, will
place the "TUSCAN SPRINGS" In the front
j rank o r the famous mineral springs or ts»
T " CasM of RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND ALT,
BLOOD DISEASES WILL BE ACCEPTED
UNDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL
BE CURED W:TIII\ A SPECIFIED TIMS
OK AH. EXPENSES. INCLUDING RAIL-
WAY FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
The** wondrrfu! springs can be reached by
the Southern Paclfle Company's system of rail-
way* and Its ccnn<»ct!ons throughout th«
United State*. TL'SCAN MINERAL, SPRINGS
CORPORATION. '
Stage anJ automcbl!* transfer service M-
tw»>en Red Bluff and Tuscan Springs.
For rates of fare and rou*e» of travel apply
to any Southern Pacific Railroad Agent.
Santa Calajina Island
3^4 Hours From Los Angeles,
i Season 1003.
Cor Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES. BOATING. BATH-
ING. FISHING. GOLF. ETC.
rhs Famous Canvas City Is Now Open!
With an Entirely New Equipment, In Shad/
Grove.
HOTEL METBOPOLE,
With Modern Appointments. Always Opes.
Reservations Made. Address
BANNING CO.. ZZ2 SOUTH SPRING ST..
LOS ANGELES. OR
FECK'S BUREAU. 11 MONTGOMERY ST..
SAN FRANCISCO.
r% IS M r% /"I rt HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
.Sa/|/t/t«S T COUNTY: only 4H hmn
UA/IVUU from San Francisco and
but 9 miles ataxing; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in State; boating and
swimming in Warm Springs Creek: good trout
streams: telephone, telegraph, dally mail. es>
press, and San Francisco morning; and •?enlntf
papers: FIRST-CLASS IIOTKL. AND STA OK
SERVICE: both morning: and afternoon stages:
ronnd trip from San Francisco only $3.30. Taka
Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. ra. and 2:30 p. m.
Rates tl a day or $12 a week. References, any
.guest of the past eight years. Patronage of
1802 unprecedented. Information at Peck's In-
formation Bureau. 11 Montgomery st. ; also at
Traveler orfice. C30 Market St.. or of 4. 7.
MULGREW. Skagzs. Cal. ¦
PARAISO SPRINGS
' MOJTTESET CO U JIT I. CAX..
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis-
co. Agent,- ii Montgomery street.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahoe
Is now open for the receptloa of guests.
Otxx patron* of last season. «a/: "T»-
ho* Tarcm ia tJx» equal of any sommwr
r««crt hotel la Vha world."
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. Visit u»
and- - prove statement for yourselves. Ratea
from $3.60 per day upward. For particular*
or reservation 'of rooms address Tahoe Tavera.
Tahoe City. Cal.
Adams Springs
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
• " . STXXiXi HAS THE C3OWD.
• . • BEST WATER.
SUPERIOR SERVICE.
During the month of August the celebrated
Merced Concert Band In full uniform will b*
at the springs. •
DR. W. R. PRATHER. Prop.
CAMP VACATION.
A hotel under canvas. Situated near Guarne-
vtlle. '.with a mile and a half frontage on th<*
Russian River. Tents In a beautiful frrov» of
redwood, oak. madrone. laurel and other trees.
A lovely valley of 150 acres. Boating, bathing
and fishing. Terms 110 per week. Railroad
fare, round trip from San Francisco $3 SO.
Take boat at Ttburpn ferry. Address MRS.
L. C. CNOPIUS. Camp Vacation, near Guerne-
vllle. Sonoma County. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS.
8 miles from Uklah. Mendoclno Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only plac*
In the world of this class. Fishing, hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations; table flrst-
class. J. A. REDEMETER A CO.. Props.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM 6A^ SB -
Hydrotnerapy, electricity. X-ray, tnaisage. etc
Modern. Ideally located. Send for literature.
DFFB PlDIT IVV * nd cottages: • mL from
uCtfl lAtlfc hlii Lake Tahoe: opea June
1: elev. 6507 ft.; mineral srRS. Traveler. «3»
Mkt St.: booklet. J. B. Scott. Deer Para. Cat
PlfifP CT4RICC Vklah. Tourists, casap-
CAULC M AoLtb « r , huntrrs. Writ- to U.
V A. Eldreft for rates for any kind of turnout.
BSBOSSSSXas— In the Santa Cruz red-
woods: 9? and $S weekly. Tor circulars writ*
Mrs E. •YVtlken. R. F. P.. box 121. Santa Crui.
ieeeT call
j:16 Pages,
$1 PeTVear.
/
.>' ¦ _•_ ¦ ADVEBTISEMENTS.: V ; • •
lite Greatest Opportunity of the Year to Save Money on the Purchase of i
rnlt^ J a't 5 «t°/«*^H h «,r ar t ,V e^ u> ; er I? r the He!ne PIano Company makes a trip of the
bJ .h£i f t ~!i ? lsMj \* a11 the le f?, ln « factories and selecting such pianos as are to
*fvi£ »-m iT A P^. fi * ur ? s - All w o ve r-stock In factories, especially all this years
fnll^' A "^ discontinued by fall and which each factory must close out, as
J£L£? if 0 , e wh ° lpsale d after the new styles come In. These pianos are in every
IrC t nV l ood w 8 the nPXt >' ear ' s styles, except to tho wholesalers and retail-
ors, and can be bought from 30 to 50 per cent less than the regular list price.
Great Success of This Year's Purchases.
i r,,?If T a ? . new and slightly used pianos from all the great factories all over the
w d S^. tes * of whlch the following are a few to give you an idea what bargains
••an be had:
*«- Fi £^ r u P ri * ht - J63 = American. $135; three Chickerlngs. 5150. $185. $235; two Emerson.
WSa. $21j; two Steinway. $135. f2S5: Hallet & Davis, new. mahogany, $245: Conover.
SqS^jiV-tS" Mf5&?rt-io n s r i7r h08 ' ny - J295: four He5ne - * 235 to $395:
Our terms are most liberal. You can rent pianos from $2 up. and have the privi-
¦~se or allowing: the rent to apply on purchase price. Our regular Installments run
irom 14 up. and you can get cash discount If you pay for the piano in two years.
ean Francisco warerooms Heine Piano Company, Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary street
on the c B £ uare> Lar * e5t wholesale and retail exclusive piano establishment
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CiR
$15,00 HAplATTRESS
With Amoskeag ticking; full size
— 30-pound weight &(\ g-/%
—this week
fegtj^ RHIFFflHIFR.
¦|llp|MS with 2 large and
: ||ii||||g^£ : 2 small drawers
|||||i|i|| Regliiar $12.00
BEDROOM CHAIR.
% ' .,--JT Wood seat — oak
\\S$-iP\**£§?Si finish, rejr. ~jr^
l\\fnm| teek r " this '5C
WWW I II (I *° m °re than 4 ta
WWW I I IB one P* rson -)
ROCKER. jSgpL'
Mahogany, £^^ uZ?
upholstered silk top seat; regu-
lar value $6.00; • d» -j- c
this week only : : . M>O* * &
r iii — . o
: We are complete home furnishers j
—hotels,, flats or country homes. I
Estimates given. Free delivery I
within 100 miles. |
T. Brilliant
Furniture Co., m?s,.Though Ghildish in Plot, Ezra Kendall Makes It a Vaudeville Joke-
Book— Local Theaters Present a Wide Range* of Interesting
Performances That Are -Enjoyed by Appreciative Audiences
"VINEGAR BUYER" DOES NOT
SHINE AS A GREAT PLAY
CLEVER PEOPLE WHO ARE
. AMUSING AUDIENCES AT
LOCAL THEATERS; \
The * third week of "In .Wall \ Street"
began last night at "the .Grand-.Opera
house with no 'apparent diminution of in
terest.. All the favorites— Raymond; Cav
crley, Ross, Cheridah * Simpson, Kitty
Grand' Opera-House.
> BUTTE, '.: Mont.; 'Aug.; 3.— A ; specials rom
Pony, Mont., says that ; in a quarrel -fol
lowing a dispute over; a trivial matter A.
8. Shelley shot and 1 killed ' B. C' Crawford
and , mortally wounded C.i ,W.' ; Alklre.\The
shooting -took place 'In a saloon- late i to
day .
Saloon Quarrel - Ends in ? Murder;
,' E. : \ E. Hunsacker, against whom com
plaint was^ made ', to the police ¦ by Miss
Sadie Brown on July 17, was landed In the
City Prison last evening. He was captured
in Eugene, 1 Or.", and returned to ¦ this ; city
by Detective Ed , Gibson. : Miss Brown al
leges that ; Hunsacker while ; representing
himself as a* real estate agent pawned
jewelry" valued at $100 which she had
given/him to keep for her. The charge
against ; the ; prisoner Is felony embezzle
menU
Prisoner Is Brought BackA,
¦ ¦ The great j Kaufmann "troupe ¦) ls> beyond
the, shadow of a doubt , the. greatest 'ag
gregation', of trick .bicyclists that the
world ;- has ; . ever produced. Their work
Is simply | beyond description. - 1 They are
doing hair-raising stunts at the Orpheum
this -week with an; ease and a grace ; that
bring; gasps • of wonder, and, cries of tap
proval. The restbf the show is excellent.
Orpheum.
CHEYENNE, Wyo.; Aug. 3.— The State
Supreme Court to-day handed down an
important decision In the " matter of the
interstate water rights. ! The court held
that the priority of rights rule applied
and the' District Court of Sheridan Coun
ty, has ; jurisdiction to enjoin the diver
slbn' of streams in Montana where such
diversion; injures a prior user of water in
Wyoming. ' ,
Defines Interstate Water Rights.
The last week of the "combination bur
lesques, "Under : the Red Globe", and "The
Three • Muskeeters," began last night at
Fischer's 'Theater. There, was the usual
big cro_wd; and the merry frivolities went
with possibly, even more zest- than. ever.
Preparations are in full swing now for the
presentation. next week of. the burlesques
"The Bis Little Princess!' and "Quo Vass
ISS." • '"¦ .-: ''.;¦*: •...
Fischer's.
"The Highwayman," De Koven's comic
opera, with Camllle d'Arville in the lead
ing soprano part, commenced- the third
week of its run at the Tivoli last even-
Ing. In . common with every audience
which has greeted Miss d'Arville since
her return to the stage, last, night's
house was lavish with its applause. Sev
eral of her numbers were repeatedly en
cored, and her excellent support came
in for a big share of ¦ the honors! Ed
win Stevens, as Foxy Quiller, Is particu
larly good, """ and- , Arthur Cunningham
leaves nothing to be desired as Dick
Fitzgerald, the : romantic young Irish
knight of the road. Two of his solos met
with a splendid reception. Annie Myers
and Edward^Webb do ; some clever /com-'
edy work, and Bertha Davis has a small
part, which she; fills acceptably. "The
Highwayman" is ; put on in an artistic
style,' the music is • tuneful, , the book
clever and' the people are well trained.
The Tivoli . Is ' rehearsing "The Fortune
Teller" for early production.
Tivoli.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Aug. 3^A check
f or $100 has been received from President
Roosevelt for Theodore Roosevelt Signet,
the boy born to Mr. and Mrs. William
H.' Signet of McKeesport some weeks
ago, and- which is the twentieth child
born to^Mr. Signet. The money has
been placed in bank to the credit of- the
baby, the interest to accumulate until he
is. 21 years of age. . ..
"President Sends Gift to a Baby.
Little Blossom, announced as the "viva
clous comedienne," coon-shouted herself
into Immediate favor at the Chutes last
night,, her. immense voice filling the capa
cious theater to the farthest corner. Les
ter and Curtin, the "mari-o'-warsmen,"
gave a 'capital comedy . acrobatic act,
Hank Whitcomb offered some .very clever
imitations of animals and birds and Hath
away ' and Walton did some of the»best
sand and eccentric dancing \ seen In the
city in many x a day. The three. Kuhns,
novelty musiciansr the great Zano, inys
tlfier, and the; anlmatoscope, showing
some new. and amusing moving, pictures,
completed a thoroughly satisfactory pro
gramme. • The amateurs will appear on
Thursday night. , , " . . .
Chutes.
This influence of public opinion will
probably result In no action being taken.
PEKING, Aug. 3.— The question has
arisen amone the. foreign Ministers as
to whether they have jurisdiction at
Shanghai in the case of the editor and
staff of the Chinese reform newspaper
Supao, • published In that city, against
whom • warrants of arrest' have been is
sued bv the Taotai of Shanghai on the
charge* of publishing seditious matter.
The Russian/ French and'American Min
isters . are in favor* of surrendering the
reformers, while it is understoodvthat the
British Minister is opposed to taking this
step and ia awaiting instructions from
London. . . ,
Taotai of Shanghai Issues Warrants
for Arrest of Staff of Re
form Newspaper.
CHINESE EDITORS MAY
BE SENT TO PRISON
Janice Meredith was greeted on the
second night of its production by a full
auditorium of appreciative people who
enjoyed the humor of the .play and ap
plauded the heroic passages with equal
gusto. Lillian Kemble shows at her best
as Janice, the playful moods alternating
with the serious phases affording her the
required opportunity of displaying her
mettle. In both the grave and the gay
she was at home. She is well supported
by Elsie Esmond, one of the best sou
brettes ever seen at the California. The
two compose a team of grace, wit and
beauty that it would be difficult to match.
The hero, George Soule Spencer, grows
more into favor with the audience for his
manly style of acting - and won much
merited applause last night. A clever
bit of dialect Is furnished by Joseph
Dalley, who in fact -redeemed the play
from what " would otherwise have been
a dangerous approach to flatness. That
old time favorite Irish character, James
M. Ward, appears to advantage as the
father, of the incomparable comedian,
Frank MacVicars.
California.
HONOLULU, Aug. 3.— The local political
situation is likely to be complicated by
the action, to-day of the -Republican Cen
tral Committee, which decided to hold
open primaries for the county election. It
is probable -that a third ticket, proposed
as a citizens' reform movement, will be
placed in the field. The Home Rulers,
consltlng mainly of natives, have already
gone into the campaign, and lt is asserted
that the Hawaiians and half-whites have
announced their Intention' of capturing
the Republican organization In addition
to attending to their own political inter
ests. If the Home Rulers triumph at the
polls the county will "be ruled by natives,
and if the Hawaiians secure the Republi
can organization they will' nominate a
mixed ticket of natives, half- whites and
whites who are friendly to them. The
citizens' ticket is proposed to obviate the
possibility of turning over all the offices
to the natives.
Decision Arrived At by Central Com
mittee of the Party May Com
plicate the Situation.
HONOLULU REPUBLICANS
TO HOLD OPEN PRIMARIES
! The Central Theater scored another suc
cess last night in Edwin Arden's powerful
Russian drama ",Zorah." Standing-room
was at a premium, and the play, founded
on a story of the persccutlqns of the chil
dren of the Hebrew race In the, land of
the Czar, created a large amount of en
thusiasm. The stage setting. of "Zorah"
Is unusually fine, the bazaar of antiquities
being a scene of Oriental splendor, and
the scene in the Siberian mines of striking
realism. Herschel MayalV' made an Ideal
Rabbi Francos. The rabbi is a physician
as well as a priest, and in the mines to
which a tyrannical Governor has con
demned him and his affianced wife, Zorah,
he performs marvelous cures during, an
epidemic of the plague. • The Governor
child is stricken by the dread malady.
The rabbi is sent for as a last resort. He
sees his chance to be avenged on the en
emy who has broken his life, but. Zorah
pleads' the child's cause and he buries his
hatred and brings the little tme back from
the door ¦ of ¦ death. Miss Eugenia Thais
Lawton gave an Impersonation of Zorah;
that was convincingly effective. The cast
Is a very long one. To Henry Shumer as
the Governor, of I Moscow, however, more
than passing mention la due. Edwin T.
Emery has a capital part.In Mr.,Slaugh
ter, and Miss Myrtle Vane Is delightful
as Miss Smith of Chicago. These two
furnish-the comedy of the piece! "Zorah"
is , a -great attraction and will »• run to
crowded houses all the week.
Central.
Griffith and Anna Wilks— contribute their
quota to . the success of the piece, and
the drills of the pretty chorus girls con
tinue a pleasing feature of the produc
tion. . ¦ . :
The. delightful comedy -"The Butter
flies," by Henry Guy Carleton— first pre
sented here by John Drew and his com
pany—was the attraction at the Alcazar
• Theater last night. The piece was beau
tifully staged *nd Its production by the
clever stock company left almost noth
ing to be desired. It has more than one
good moral lesson in showing that there
is something to live for in this world
besides money, and that' pride can be
humbled by unheralded generosity. White
Whittlesey. as Frederick Ossian. was a
whole-souled lover and the part suited
him admirably. Bertha Creighton as
Miriam was lovable and charming be
cause she was natural. George ' Os
bourne was Hiram Green, who made hla
millions without any schooling, and his
work was artistic and effective. Harry
S. Hilllard in the ungracious part of
Barrington, his son, was clever and con
vincing. Charles Wyngate caricatured
the part of Andrew Strong, the wealthy
young Englishman, to such an extent as
to make it ludicrous. Oza Waldrop was
bewitching as Suzanne Ellse and Miss
Marie Howe as Mrs. Beverly Stuart-
Dodge and Miss Eleanor Gordon as Mrs.
Ossian were excellent. Fr,ank Bacon had
an uncongenial part as Roscoe Bllser.
Alcazar.
. 'ASPEH. Wyo., Aug. 3. — The Jury In th«
*ei*Jnd trial of E. S. Murphy, charged with the
-murder of a sheep herder named Frit* Kas
pahn. reported at «i o'clock this evening, having:
tailed to aer»*. Kleven of the men stood for
conviction and one lor acquittal.
The appraisement of the plant of the
Spring Valley Water Works at J2S,024,3S3,
estimates for public library and readlng-
Previous : reports on street paving,
among which is mentioned as notable the
reconstruction of the pavement of Third
street from Mission to Berry streets are
reproduced. These" reports generally rec
ommend basalt blocks or asphalt pa^ng
for future use. • . "
The result of the investigation of the
City Engineer into the project to obtain
a water supply from the Tuolumne River
is made part of the report and in the in
troduction the present phase of the situa
tion Is set forth. The decision of the Sec
retary of the Interior on the petition to
allow rights of way through the Yosem-
Ite reserve and the constructions of res
ervoirs has not yet been rendered.
The proposed acquirement of the Geary
street franchise by the city and the ope
ration of the road are made a feature
of the report. • Attached to this are esti
mates for the construction of a street
car line from Fulton street along Tenth
avenue io Point Lbbos avenue to Geary
street and along Geary street to Market,
to be operated by an overhead trolley.
The question is to be submitted to the
people at the November election.
City Engineer C. E. Grunsky filed yes
terday with the Board of Public Works
his annual report, which Is com
posed mainly of previous reports made
on various questions . submitted to the
Engineer's department by the 'board and
a detailed aecount of the expenditures of
the office during the last fiscal year.
According to theNreport, the estimate
of the. cost of. work necessary to the city
which, was submitted before the adoption
of the last budget was $944,390. Under
the appropriation only 5125.0S3 06 could be
expended in betterments, leaving the bal
ance untouched, the completion of the
work ; the report adds, being a pressing
need to the convenience of the. public.
room, proposed new sewer system, plans
for new county jail and addition to the
Hall of Justice, estimates on land for
public parks in the Mission, Twin Peaks.
Telegraph Hill and other sections of the
city; plans for new city and county hos
pital and estimates for new schoolhouses.
all previously published, make up the
body of the report.
"Should, however. Dr. Bollard take his
grievances "to the secular courts he would
probably find as little sympathy there as
he has so far in the Judicial bodies ap
pointed by church authority. In every in
stance where aggrieved clergymen have
appealed to the courts from canonical de
cisions of the church it has been decided
against them. Decisions affecting precisely
identical circumstances as the Bollard
case have always been to the effect that
clergy of a church are subject to Its law*
presuming that the canons governing the
discipline of that church have been right
ly observed."
What Dr. Bollard's next move will be is
not known.
A rumor is current among those clergy
men and others Interested in the proceed
ings of Rev. Dr. Bollard of Vallejo
against Bishop Moreland of Sacramento
that, the recalcitrant clergyman has been
again nonsuited in hla attempt to appeal
from the Judgment of the court that ac
quitted the Bishop on all counts at the
trial in May last. The ruling 'of the Pre
siding Bishop Is that the hearing of the
charges was fairly conducted and its de
cision not subiect to review.
A member of the court said: "That is
the only possible decision under the cir
cumstances; in fact, there Is no one who
could either grant a new trial or reverse
the verdict of the first one. Aa far as tho
church is concerned, the case is con
cluded.
Albert Gumpeoy, the man who was con
signed to a cell in the detention hospital
for the Insane Saturday, was declared to
•he pane and consequently was discharged
frnm the detention hospital yesterday
meaning. Gumpeoy was taken away by
sympathizing friends, who will look after
Jiim until his relatives are heard from. -
Gjuxapeoy Declared to -Be Sane.
OROSS Kendalllsm is "The Vine
gar Buyer," Ezra Kendall's me
dium for entering upon starshlp,
and perpetrated for the first
time here last night at the Co
lumbia. It is Mr. Kendall's joke book—
last solace of the way stations— in three
acts, with Nick Cartery Intermezzos by
one Hubert Hall Winslow. As a play it
is artlessness itself; as a joke, criminal.
All that is cood of "The Vinegar Buyer"
is Mr. Kendall himself, who should hie
Slim back to the woods of vaudeville with
ill speed. He is lost, pitiably lost in the
"legitimate."
Those anxious to laugh— and Kendall's
Mr. Kendall has the leading role of the
vinegar buyer — and why, on earth, a vine
gar buyer? He does an well with it 1 as
could be expected under the circum
stances. There is a bright spot furnished
by June Mathis as Janie, a pig-tailed,
pug-posed country girl. . Miss Matbis de
serves a better fate. An attentive claque
looked after. Miss Lucille La Verne, and
Ralph Dean did not do badly as a mili
tant youngster. The rest filled in. The
house was good.
BLANCHE PARTIXGTON.
vicinity is ordinarily supposed to be suffi
cient provocation— found occasional op
portunity when the joke book came up
permost in the play. They laughed again
—at themselves for laughing— at the riot
ous absiirdity of the rest of it. With its
childish Plot incongruous incident, absurd
situation, "The Vinegar Buyer" is about
the nearest thing to utter banality that
has touched the town, an imposition on
the Columbia .management and its audi
ences.
Church Will Not Review
Bishop Moreland's
Case.
Submits Annual Review
of Work Done in His
Department.
HONOI..t5£.U, Aug. 3.— The enterprising
citizens of Honolulu are determined to do
all -within their power to promote immi
gration to the islands. With this end in
view the Merchants' Association and the
Chamber of Commerce have opened ex
tensive headquarters and will advertise
the advantages of Hawaii to the outside
world, besides catering to the comfort of
visitors who arrive here.
The Merchants' Association has cabled
to Secretary of War Root guaranteeing a
constant supply of coal for army trans
ports bound from the United States to or
from Manila, and asking that troops sent
to the Philippines be hereafter routed by
way of Honolulu.
Options on three steamers available for
Government use as revenue cutters have
been sent to Washington by E. R. Stack
able, Collector of the Port of Honolulu.
This action was taken in acordance with
instructions received some time since, the
Treasury Department being anxious to se
cure an auxiliary vessel suitable for the
use of its officials in Hawaii.
Open Extensive Headquarters to Ad
vertise the "Wonderful Advan
tages of the Island.
CITIZENS OF HAWAII
- INVITE EWMIGBATION
APPEAL DENIED
TO DR. BOLLARD
CITY ENGINEER
MAKES REPORT
- As soon as he heard the news President
A. W. Foster left here for the scene,
about five miles north, with doctors and
wagons. •..-... , . - - •
Superintendent Zook was taken to his
home in San Rafael on a special train
this afternoon.
Superintendent Smalley had one arm
badly Injured and was hurt in the back,
but not seriously.
Bookkeeper Houts was struck on the
head by rocks, but not badly hurt.
•The party had gone to the scene on a
tour of inspection and came across a
blast which did not appear to have been
fired. They were examining it when the
blast, which contained 550 pounds of black
powder," exploded underneath them,
throwing them some distance and delug
ing them with rocks.
Superintendent Zook suffered fractures
of the arm and hand and was badly
bruised and cut about the head and body.
came very, near causing the deaths of
General -Superintendent F. K: Zook, Su
perintendent J. D. Smalley of the Stone
Construction Company in ,. Oakland and
Bookkeeper F. C. Houts of the Sprlng
ville Construction Company of Sprlngville,
Utah. ' - *
"WILiLiITS, Aug.' 3.— The explosion of a
blast on a new line of the California
Northwestern Railroad near this town
Special Dispatch to The Call.
instituted. To-day the body was found
fn a thicket. Nearby was a club covered
*.ith matted hair and blood. Marks of
a struggle were evident on all sides and
the girl's clothes were badly torn. A
clt^p wound in the back of the head
showed the death blow. The girl had
been outraged. L-ynch talk is heard on
nil Fides to-night. |
Arriving at the schoolhouse and not
f.ndir.g Mabel there the other < children
pave the alarm and a search was soo>
i he country for miles In all directions all
riay Sunday, all night and to-day until
the corrse was found. A Coroner's jury
is In session to-night.
Sfcfrlff Richards recently returned from
California and has been in Anatone while
his family was camping in the woods
two miles from town. Sunday morning
the children started for Sunday-school
to be held at Kelley"s schoolhouse. At
a point In the road Mabel left the party,
paying she would take a short cut to the
schoolhouse. She was not seen alive
cgain.
Mabel Richards was 13 veaxs old, a
daughter of R. H. Richards, Sheriff of
Asotin County. The girl was first missed
Eusday morning and searchers scoured
.f j>ec!a! Dispatch to The Call.
" SPOKANE. Wash., Aug. 3.— Lying In a
pool of her own blood, her clothing torn
and disarranged, while her brain is ex
posed bjr a terrible wound In the head,
the Jlttlo body of Mabel Richards was
found this afternoon In the woods on
Montgomery Ridge, three miles from
Ar.atone; Wash.
Suspicion points to Philip Hamilton, a
rancher, who lives alone on the breaks
of Grand Ronde River, near town. He is
under arrest and refuses to talk beyond
n simple denial of guilt.
Three Men Suffer the Fracture of
Bones and Painful Bruises at
. ¦ . the New Railroad Line
,. Above Willits.
Young Daughter of a Sheriff Found
Dead "With Her Skull Crushed
After Several Days of
Searching.
* Rancher Is Taken to Jail
• and Lynching Is
Threatened.
Superintendent Zook of Cali"
fornia Northwestern
a Victim -
Atrocious) Crime Com
mitted Near a North
western Town.
Prominent Officials Se
verely Hurt in an
Accident. ,
MURDERER
SLAYS CHILD
IN A FOREST
BLAST HURLS
INSPECTORS
INTO THE AIR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.^TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1903.
5
.^ . San Francisco, Tuesday. 4 August, 1903.
A real smart table <
I for the library, $22.50
Do you need a table for the library? Do you like
tHe style of this one? It measures 35 inches long, 24
inches wide and 30 inches high. Has a long/narrow
drawer at eafch end and the legs are gracefully shaped.
Built 'bf rich golden quarter-sawed oak ; polish - finish.
If vou prefer the table in mahogany, same- can be had
at $30.00. .4-
Much larger tables than the one shown here are to
be had, of course. Some are severely plain anU mas-
sive, and are in the rich weathered finish which has be-
come very popular in libraries and dining-rooms. Don't
hesitate to ask us to show you what our stock affords.*
Come in whether you desire to purchase or not. r
A good tapestry carpet for 85 cents— sewed, lined
• and laid. New, freshly woven patterns*' in up-to-date
designs. Not cheap surface printed stuff— the carpet .,
\vill*give splendid service. Step in and see it. .
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
I FREE TO MEN
! A Book Full of Facts About
I Dr. [Maudlin's Electric Belt for Weak Men
\ . -I know that no man remains a weakling because he>.wa$ts.to; I am sure
\ that you. want to overcome every Indication of early decay that has shown
>- itself on : you.' -r I don't think the man lives who would not like to. feel as big
».. and strong as a Sandow, and I know that v if you have a reasonable- founda.-
l ' tion to build upon; I- can make you a bigger man than you ever hoped to be.
[3 1- want you to know that, you who can't believe it, and I want you to nave
my book, in which I describe howl learned that manly strength was only
' electricity, and how I learned to restore It; also I want to tell you the names
> of. some men who will tell you that when they came to me they were physt-
> -cal wrecks, and are now among the finest specimens of physical manhood.
! A HAPPY MAN.
f ¦ Dear Sir: I. purchased your Belt. for lumbago and sciatica, after I had used every
' other form of treatment for theae complaints, from which I had suffered for a year.
> Tour Belt has cured me and I will be glad to recommend it. . Tours very truly.
> AUGUST FRANK. HIS Pacific St.. San Francisco. Cal.
* I want' you to read this book and learn the truth about my arguments. If
) ¦ you are not as" vigorous as you would like to be. If you have rheumatic pains.
> weak kidneys, loss of vitality, prostatic troubles, nervous spells, varicocele or
> 'any ailment of that kind that unmans you. it would assure you future hap-
I - pinesscif-you would -look Into this method of mine. Don't delay it; your best
I v days are slipping. by.. If you want this book I send.lt closely sealed free If
I yousend this ad. Call for free consultation.
I Bp. M; C. McLaughHR/^S^ 81
\ ,---¦¦ : Office Hours— 8 a.; m. to S p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1.
l^EMALE WEAKPJSS ",ff^ jftTARRH~
y^H^mS^s^ A Grateful Wife and Mother
y^f|™ Restored to Health After \\
/otI^^^^^^PII \V * * Years of Suffering. ;
// fllp^^^^^ 1 1|\ Pe-ru-na Cures Catarrh
/Ji mSm ill '¦ Wherever Located. :
MRS. J. P. REGNIER. 734 West Twen- Sf'f 'j^ft^l !! |©| M^MiH\
"I am anxious to show my gratitude for V/^^^^ lljli 5r fT)?^T' I 1
what Peruna has done for me, and hope this }JmSS»£ MLr^SKJ^^^
will reach the eyes of some woman who has /fSBjJgkv: SAWvi 1 r^^^-^A^^N^s.
suffered as I did. For two years I had in- j^SjaSffi- t-Itf^/ \t \\
tense pains regularly every month, had .^j^BBTOflfc^y^/rg*.-^. \~L/^f&tr
headache and backache. At such times I _-l Ijj 1'ilir"*^-*^ i& e P f "^
was hardly able to be about, and¥elt very • r |
weak and worn out. I am now feeling very dren> -n^y say they wouId not be
well, but would not be without Peruna in out It In their home.
the house. When I see my children are not allT^No'^ch^cl?^^ SadAor T
feeling well and have a little cold I at once Peruna cures catarrh and that Is all it
give them Peruna, and they know it does *™^^JS?%£^ £$&£t
them good, so they take it without any upon catairh. that ia catarrhal lnflam-
trouble. I am a new woman since /began £^0^^^
taking Peruna. My friends say, "How well cures catarrh of the p«lvlc organs (fe-
vau lanlcl" nnri I toll than, u,hn* rr, nr i a m* ™ ale weakness), wltfi the same- surety as
you look! and I tell them what made me lt CUTPS cata rrh of the nose or throat.
well, so some of my friends are going to try or the many other catarrhal ailments ot
it themselves."- Mrs. J. P. Regnier. ch i" d y ou do not derive prompt and satis-
Women all over the United States rec- factory results from the use of Peruna,
ommend Peruna. They praise it as a write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
remedy particularly adapted to their pe- Q\^^S gre^uTS* £&& Tffi
culiar ailments. But they do not stop vice gratis.
there. They . recommend it as a family Address Dr. Hartman, President of Th»
medicine; they give it to their little chil- Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.Special' information supplied dally, to
business nouses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (AJlen's),-230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 50c a pound, In artistic fire
etched boxes, A nice present for Eastern
friends, 713 Market St.. above Call bids. *
DIAMOND— A. O. S.. City. For many
years the Koh-i-noor held the lank of be
ing the most famous diamond in the
world. In the rough It weighed 900 carats,
but now after various cuttings it weighs
but 106 carats. It is said that a diamond
discovered by Captain Ed Jorgensen Jn
South Africa, and which was sent to Am
sterdam to be cut and polished, weighed
in the rough 971 carats. It has b«en named
the Excelsior. The largest prior to the
finding of the Excelsfor was the one in tba
possession of the Rajah of Mattan, weigh
ing 367 caxat3. It is not known what the
Excelsior will weigh when cut. The price
of diamonds varies according to the sup
ply and change of fashions, but the gen
eral rule to ascertain the value of a gem.
is te square the number of carats the- dia
mond weighs and then to multiply by tbo
price of a single carat: thus, a diamond
of 12 carats. A single carat is worth, say,.
$10; the diamond would be valued at 12
times 12 times 10, equaling $1440.
CAPITAL, PUNISHMENT— Subscriber,
City. In many of the German states
capital punishment has been abolished, in
Brunswick, Coburg. Oldenberg: and in
Nassau in 1349; in Saxe Meinlngen and
Saxe Weimar in 1862; in Baden in 1S63. and
in Saxony in 1SG8. But it was restored by
the Imperial Criminal Code in 1S72 in the
case of the life of the Emperor or of the
sovereign of any federal state in which
the offender happened to be. and . for de-.
liberate homicide. The various states are
allowed to choose their own instruments
of death. In the old provinces of Prus
sia It is the ax. In Rhenish Prussia and
in the kingdom of Saxony the guillotine
is used: Executions were public until
1S51. but they are now conducted privately
within prison walls in the presence of
specified persons.
NATURALIZATION— V. E.. City. Th0
wife of a forelsner who becomes a citizen
of the United States by naturalization be
comes a citizen of her husband's adopted
country, provided she herself would be
eligible to naturalization. For instance, a
foreigner entitled to be naturalized is
married to a Chinese woman; the fact
that he was naturalized would not confer
the right of citizenship upon her because
by the law of 1SS2 the naturalization of
Chinese is Strictly prohibited.
KRAG-JORGENSEN RIFLE — Reader,
City. The Krag-Jorgensen rifle, modified,
was adopted for use in the United State3
army September 15, 1802. The first organi
zation to use the same in target practice
was the Third Infantry, during the season
of 1897. The entire army was supplied
with the rifle before the summer of 1896.
THE MISSOURI— A. & F. O. T. P. The
records do not show that any United
States steamer called the Missouri was
ever lost. The Missouri .when purchased
by the United States Government was'
named the Egbert, and was then sold to>
the Dollar Steamship Company, which
changed her name to Stanley Dollar.
posed . to obtain such register.
AMERICAN REGISTER— M. L.. Ocean
View, Cal. In order to obtain American'
register on a foreign built vessel such
must be repaired and altered to three
fourths its' value at the time it 13 pro- :
LEAGUE OF THE* CROSS— Sub., Vet
erans' Home, Cal. Any one not a Catholic
may become, a member of the League of
the Cross Cadets. It is not a. prerequisite
that to join that organization the appli
cant be a native of California.
THE SAN JUAN— A. S.. Antloch, Cal.
The steamer San Juan was not' wrecked,
and she -is still afloat. The San Bias was
wrecked December 17, 1901, off La Liber
tad. Captain Cattarlnich was In command
at that time.
NOT DISBANDEI>r-A..O. S.. City. Com
pany H, League of the Cross Cadets, was
never disbanded.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
BAR HARBOR. Me.. Aug. 3.— The war
maneuvers actually began to-day, when
the so-called hostile squadron withdrew
from the combined North Atlantic fleet
and departed from the harbor. The squad
ron was In command of Rear Admiral
Sands and consisted of . the battleships'
Texas. Indiana and Massachusetts and
the torpedo-boat destroyers Lawrence
and Whipple. The vessels when last seen
were heading In a south-southeasterly di
rection. Wednesday at noon the re
mainder of the fleet, under Rear Admiral
Barker, will assume the defensive. Each
vessel will hurry to a point assigned by
secret instructions. Some time between
Wednesday noon and next Monday the
hostile squadron must make whatever
demonstration i3 to be made or secure an
anchorage in order to win. An attack
may be attempted at any point between
Eastport and Cape Ann. - v. .
WAR VESSELS
PREPARE FOR
MIMIC BATTLE
A local police officer has taken the preliminary
steps necessary to make him an insolvent before the
law. To an ordinary observer this seems to be a
violent method of discrediting the gossip which gen
erally clings to the men of the star and club.
A British ship named California recently entered
the harbor. That a British vessel should be so named
argues well for the fame of the State abroad, and we
can say no more than to hope that the ship will bear
the name honorably and fare weir in her life upon
the seas. -, '.-' ' "
In its recent and final report the Grand Jury cen
sured the Board of Education for various offenses
which have been subjects of public protest and' con
demnation. - There is nothing to 1 indicate that the
Grand Jury, any more than the rest of us, hopes for
a J reform in the methods of the School Board.
The Fire Commissioners fear that', the department
over which they exercise- government.- must Jace a
deficit. The crisis is a financial one. There is every
thing to indicate that it will be many;'years before
some, of the members of the Fire Department will
ever suffer from a deficit in audacity' or political
scheming prohibited by law. ,
Several policemen were attracted to the
corner of Mason and Jackson streets
about 4 o'clock yesterday morning by the
blowing of a police whistle.' They found
that the glass In the front door of Ernest
Gardner's saloon at 1224 Mason street had
been broken [ and ¦ an entrance | effected.
The cash register had been relieved of
$6 CO. Palmer ; Gordon was' arrested ;and
booked on/a charge of burglary and was
Instructed before Police Judge Conlan
yesterday. . 'Gordon wanted; to be tried
at. once, but. the case was continued till
Thursday.. ; '' ¦. ,
Saloon Entered by a Burg-lar.
BY the call issued for the assembling of the
eleventh National Irrigation Congress at
Ogden on 'September 15 provision is made
for. a large and thoroughly representative gather
ing. It is announced that each Board of County
Commissioners, the Mayor of each city not over
25,000 population; each 1 Chamber of Commerce, ir
rigation association, agricultural society, livestock
association, society of engineers and agricultural col
lege is entitled to send two delegates. Mayors of
cities over 25,000 population four, delegates, and the
Governor of each State' twenty delegates.,
The proceedings of the : congress will be largely
directed tD practical ends. s The United States Gov
ernment has now in the treasury upward of $10,000,
000, which has been appropriated for reclaiming the
arid lands of the West. .. To that sum there will be
added alhmoney derived in future from the sale of
lands. in the sixteen arid-States and Territories, for
under the law the money thus obtained can be used
only for the storage of. waters, the. construction of
artesian wells or other 'works designed for the con
servation, of water and the irrigation of the arid
lands. It was largely through the influence of irri-'
gation congresses in the past that the passage of the
irrigation act was brought about, and it is now the
intention of the coming congress to make rccom-
IRRIGATION CONGRESS.
The guards at Folsom penitentiary are now taking
no chances with their desperate prisoners and- are
enforcing^ a rigorous .- and almost >cruel discipline.
This course recommends itself as commendable.^ It
is always well to close the stable". door ; after the horse
is stolen so as not to create, unnecessary comment.
Perhaps also a change in discipline may "relieve the
monotony of life for the convicts.
Two girls were arrested the other day on a charge
of having attempted to wreck a train near Merced.
Let us earnestly hope that the incident will never be
recorded as one of the illustrations of child life in
California.
¦ --¦ • • . «
Recent dispatches chronicle an American inter
state exodus of a most extraordinary" character. It
is reported that many of the negroes of Indiana are
moving in haste to the Southern States to escape
assault, torture and abuse. This proceeding seems
very Jike jumping from the frying pan into the'firei
The Southerners certainly, need no new' fuel to . feed
the fire of their rage against the negro.
The principals of the various public
schools throughout the city met in con
ference yesterday afternoon with Super
intendent of Schools Langdon at the City
Hall. The meeting was well attended and
the discussion interesting. Superintend
ent Lansdon delivered an address, out
lining a policy for the betterment of the
school system of. San Francisco, In which
he advocated the direction of every effort
to the enlightenment of the public on the
needs of the DUblie "school, to the end
that assistance may be given in the way
of educational finance. Informal discus
sion was, indulged in among those pres
ent. . . /• ¦ • . • . ' :
Conference of Principals.
The United States Civil Service Commis
sion announces an examination for male
stenographers and typewriters In this
city on August 12 to fill existing vacancies
at salaries ranging from $840 to $1200 per
annum, and In the Philippine service at
.from $1200 to $1400 per annum. Minimum
age limit for the United States, 20 years;
limit for the Philippines, 18 to 40. years.
The extraordinary request is made that
applicants should telegraph at once to the
United States Civil Service Commission
at Washington, D. ,C, for permission to
take the examination. For f jrther infor
mation apply to the secretary of the Con
solidated Board of Examiners, 301 Jackson
street, this city.
Male Stenographers Wanted.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 3.— The
following Californians registered at the
hotels to-day: At. the. Metropolitan
M. L. Ward of San Diego. At the
Shoreham — W. F. Cronesmlller and wife
of Los Angeles. - ; ¦ <•
Californians in Washington.
"Is that you, mamma?" •' ..
"Yes."
.,i "This is Bella. Say, mamma. I'm in an
awful trouble. You know this is cook's
day off. When George went down town
this morning he told me he'd like some
broiled lobster for dinner this evening.
I've got the lobster, but I can't find any
way to get It open. How do you do it,
mamma?"— Chicago Tribune.
"No," replied the Wild Westerner, "they
git. too personal sometimes. I did sub
scribe to a paper once, but I' stopped it."
"What paper is it you refer" : v^
• "You mean what paper 'was* It. Ain't
1 just told you I stopped it? Done it in
one shot, too."— Philadelphia Press. rK . .v.
. Exit the Editor.— "You have no use for
the papers, you say," remarked the tour
ist.
Second Citizen— That's nothing new. It
happens every four years. — New York
Weekly. .^ '
First Citizen— What do you think of this
idea of an army of the unemployed
marching to Washington?
A CHANCE Tb SMILE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— The following
Callfornlans have arrived:- From I San
Francisco — Mrs. I. Pierce, J. Sahl,' Miss
K. L. Yqung. at the Manhattan; Q. M.
Baker and wife, W. M. (Jinn, at < the Im
perial; J. Coleraan, at the Netherlands;
H. S. Fleming, at the Gregorian; J.* L.
Flood and -wife, F. S. Kelly and wife. M.
Koehler, -Miss S. Maynard, -at the Hol
land; A.' ,W. Hoffman. A. Hoffman, A.
McD. Riddle, a T. Zacharlas. at the
Herald-square; J.' H. Jacobs, P. F. Ko
huke and wife, at the St. Denis; D.
Leonharr. ' at ' the Victoria; H. Rennets,'
at the Grand Union; J. A. Smith, at the
Everett; L. A. Teshan, R. J. Teshan at
the Astpr; F. E. Ware, at the Grand
From Los Angeles — C. A. Duncommun,
at the Manhattan; G. Ijarrabee. at the
Hoffman; N. Pease, at the Imperial.
From San Jose — E. A. Wilcox, at the
Cadillac. .'<.;*
Calif ornians in < New York.
The duty incumbent upon the press and upon the
public to see to it that public administration is care
fully' and honestly performed carries with it not only
an obligation to condemn the inefficient and untrust
worthy, but also that of giving proper and public
recognition to those officials who have deserved well
of the people by reason of the excellence of their
work. In this case the fact that Tax Collector Smith,
Treasurer McDougall and Auditor Baehr are all Re
publicans will of course be gratifying to other Re
publicans from a partisan point of view, but the issue
is larger than that of partisanship. Municipal ad-,
ministration is mainly a matter of business that af
fects the immediate interests of all members of the
community, and consequently the commendation of
the good work done by the Tax Collector, the Auditor
and the Treasurer should come from their constit
uents generally regardless of party ties.
Having made up the record of the past fiscal .year
with a smaller delinquent tax list than ever before,
despite the increase in the tax rate, San Francisco can
face the immediate future with good cheer and with
an assurance of public prosperity, subject only to
the provision that good citizens do their duty in the
coming municipal election and' put the administration
of all city and county affairs in : safe hands. That % is
the issue before the peoples-day. It runs directly
to every man who has a righY'to vote and has an
interest in the general good. Whether we are to have
good government or bad -government depends pri
marily upon the voters, and for that reason it.be
nooves all grood citizens to take careful note of the
records made by men now in office in every depart
ment of the municipal administration in order that
they may vote intelligently when the ltnre comes./
FIGURES contained in the annual report of Tax
Collector Smith make a good showing for the
city and a most creditable one for the Collector.
'1 he* showing is the more notable because the work
of tha year- was exceptionally heavy, owing partly to
the i'jct that some 4000 taxpayers filed protests
iigainst thp legality of the levy for hospital and school
purposes, and partly to the increase of the tax rate
over that of the previous year, which necessitated
making out and mailing some 34,000 extra tax bills.
., Of the extra tax bills sent out the Collector ob
jairfed payments of upward of 24.000, ranging from
one cent upward. Of these the Collector says that if
liot collected they "would have entailed great expense
npoB the city by reason of tlfe fact that they would
have to have been advertised in the delinquent tax
Irst," Of the total collections the report says:
'"The entire amount charged against the Tax Col
lector was $6,124,654 15. of which the actual amount
delinquent Ivas the sum of $31,913 45. or a trifle over
fifty-two one-hundredths of one per cent. The
amount collected from licenses was $485,682 35, as
against. $495,061 50 for the fiscal year 1001-02. making
a deficit of $9720 85. owing to the action taken by the
Police Commission against nickel-in-the-slot ma
chines."*
The smallness of the percentage of delinquent
taxes*is one of the notable features of the report. It
is the smallest delinquency in the history of the city
and bears witness to the fidelity and the earnestness
with .which the work of the office was performed. It
is to be noted, further, that notwithstanding the in
creasing work of the office and the thorough man
ner in which it is being performed. Tax Collector
Smith will reduce the cost of operating it this year
by upward of $6000.
Irr the general confusion existing in so many de
partments of the present municipal administration, a
confusion which in some departments, like that of
the Board of Public Works, amounts to veritable
scandals, it is gratifying to note the excellent work
that has been <Ione by Tax Collector Smith and also
by Auditor Bachr and Treasurer McDougall. Their
offices have been efficiently and economically man
aged. The work has been well and promptly done,
and 'the records can be studied with satisfaction by
all <cho are sincerely desirous of good municipal gov-
GOOD WORK WELL, DONE
- Miss Partington comes of a family of
artists. Her father was the late J. H. E.
Partington, whose name Is well known
In England and this country. Her brother
Richard Is conceded to be one of the
be3t illustrators in the country. She Is
also a sister of Miss Blanche Partington,
the dramatic critic Miss Partington will
open a studio Jn-thls city. She intends to
remain here for a short time. .
Miss Partlngton, however, had other
ambitions. She wished to paint and went
among strangers to study, and by her
talents won recognition and success.
Prinet took a deep interest In his pupil
and gave her the benefit of his knowledge
and exoerlence. She visited all the lead
ing galleries of Europe and studied the
masters., ... .... - .. • ... . .
GERTRUDE PARTINGTOX, one of
.the best-known artists of the
West, returned from Paris yes
terday after an absence of four years.
Her welcome home was a joyous one.
Miss Partlngton has returned with con
siderable, fame as an artist. One of her
paintings was hung In the last Salon and
received hjgh praise from the critics.
During her stay abroafl she studied un
der Prlnet, who professes himself very
proud of his pupil. The distinguished
Parisian has great hope for the youhg
artist's future and believes she will at
tain a high reputation as a painter before
many years have passed.
Before leaving for Paris Miss Parting
ton illustrated for newspapers of this city.
Her black. and white drawings attracted
wide attention both here and In the East,
and her originals were always in demand.
She has also illustrated for the Century
and other magazines. <
T U E S P A V A UGUST 4, »9Q3
.CHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
/ -critsy It Ccrr.mcnlcotions to W..S. LEAt^E. Monoac
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PL'BL.ICATIOS OFFICE... Market and TUIrd. S. F.
eDITOQIAL. HOOMS 217* to 2^1 Sievenaou St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Ct-
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
T>na« by Mall. Including Postage <C*ah With OriSer):
DA1LT CA1X. iineludln* Sunday), one re»r fS^OO
DAHLT CALL <incic<!iBir Sunday), « months 4.00.
• UAILT CALL— By SlnirW- Month "Oe
ftXDAT CALL. On* Tear 2.3<»
WEEKXT CALL. One Tear X-OO
f Dally... f«.M» Per Year Extra
FORK3GJJ POSTAGE \ Sunday.. 4.15 l'er Tear Extra
I W*ekly.. l.OO Ter Tetr Extra
Hi Po«tiaa«t«r« are authorized to rrcelre
* • Bnbscrlptlona.
E&mpU ecplee will be -forwarded when reouesttd.
.. lU'.l asbscrtbera in crCerinr chance 'of af.oreas should be
ifrtitxlar to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS ia order
,.t« insure a protnpt and cerrect compUiaee wtth their request
;' '• * . OAKLAND OFFICE.
ins Broadirar Telephone Main 1OS3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
?14S Center Street Telephone JVortli 77
(.*. CEQRGE KROGXE8S. Manager Forelarn Adrer
. , . * tiKlntr. Marqnett* BalMlnsr. Clilcafxo.
<Lcce Distance Telephone "Central 2U9.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
5IOHTO.V E. CRANE 1400 G Street, *. W.
NKW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
-TEPHE\ B. SMITH 3O Tribune HaUdlngr
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOJT Herald Square
' NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
i'urrty Sill Hotel; Ftftn-averue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sberman Houce; P- O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel.
Tremont Hoo»e; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
BB.AACU OFFICES— 027 Moniromery. «toer cf Clay, open
cut!! t:S9 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 0:S0 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 61S Larfcin. open unfit
• :S0 o'c'.crk. 1M1 Mission, open- until 10 o'clock. 22S1
t&arkct. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
>r.c!a. cpen until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, cpea until 9
eVtock. NW. corcer Tirenty-eecond and Kentucky, open
vnU\ 9 orferk. .2200 Flllmore. open until 4» p. m.
DISTINGUISHED YOUNG AR
TIST WHO' HAS JUST RE
TURNED FROM EUROPE.
Major W. "YV. Screws and wife and Mr.
and Mrs. V. H. Hanson of Montgomery,
Ala., are among the latest arrivals at the
Occidental. The gentlemen are connected
with the Montgomery Advertiser.
Clarence Ravlin, treasurer and manager
of the California Theater, and George and
Frank Fuller returned yesterday from a
two weeks' hunt in Northeastern Mendo
cino County. They killed several deer, :
Mr. Ravlin dropping three of the animals.
Professor David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford University, Mrs. Jordan and their
son were in the city yesterday and reg
istered at the Occidental.
Lieutenant J. A. Woodruff "of the
United States engineer corps and a son
of General Woodruff, arrived from West
Point yesterday and is at the Occidental.
W. J. GIck, steel expert for the British
naval department at its repair station
at Wei-hai-wei, China, is at the" Palace,
en route to London. • . ¦ . ..- *** o
John Daggett, former superintendent of
the United States Branch Mint, is in the
city for a few days and is stopping at the
Palace.
F^TI. Kennedy, dealer in agricultural
implements at Stockton, is at the Cali
fornia.
Dr. Nat Green of "VVatsonville is at the
Grand. ..- * .,-• ' »
Dr. Lr. A. Pierce of Long Beach is stop
ping at the Lick. \
O. McHenry,* a banker of 'Modesto, is
at the Occidental.
E. H. Wilson, a mining attorney of New
York, is at the Palace.
Dr> A. H. Tickell and wife of Nevada
City are. guests at the Grand.
1 Dr. "John V. Llttigr and wife- of Los An
geles are registered at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Charges of that kind made on such authority ought
not to be ignored at Washington. If it be true that
we are fitting our costly warships with cheap ma
chinery, and manning them with incompetent stokers
and machine men, we are likely to some day have a
disaster that will cost us dear. The charges are made
the more serious because Syren and Shipping hints
that the worthless machinery and fittings are accepted
"probably in accordance with an agreeable and con
fidential understanding with persons who know the
three degrees of perfection— addition, division and
silence.", •
Reviewing the reports of 'accidents, to ships that
.were disabled during the work performed under Ad
miral Dewey in the Caribbean Sea,- our New -York
contemporary goes on to say the disasters. were- due
partly to the incompetency of the crews employed in
working their machinery. and partly to the inefficiency
of some of the machine fittings, with which they were
equipped. To one of those two causes it is. $atd every
accident reported is primarily due.
In dealing with the first of these causes, Syren and
Shipping says:. "Four naval vessels under repair at
the present time "show by their' burned < boilers,
broken cylinders, leaky valves and Other defects in
machinery the results from handling by ignorant and
incompetent stokers and mechanics." Of the second
cause it says: "A number of officers of our navy
have told us that the breakdowns of certain sorts of
steam fittings in naval vessels on which they sail is
due to the purchase from favored contractors of in
ferior pipe, fittings, valves and packing. Flimsy, stuff
of this sort made especially for use in cheap excur
sion boats which are built to sell for low prices are
put on board naval vessels Nvhere the naval officers
have specified heavy goods of the best- grades."
' a 3CIDENTS to our naval vessels, even when
/\ cruising or going through maneuvers in Home
•* ¦*• waters, have been .so frequent as to have occa-.
sioned no little surprise' amoi)g people -who give any
heed to them at all. It is announced that since the
beginning of the present year they have been so nu
merous and of such serious nature as to have entailed
the expenditure of upward of $1,000,000 for repairs.
As a result of their frequency there has been a gcod
deal of curiosity concerning the causes, and efforts
have been repeatedly made to find out where the
responsibility for them rests.
As a rule the naval officers have placed the blame
upon the contractors who built. the ships, while the
contractors on their side have laid the blame on the
naval authorities. It will be remembered that not
long ago one of the largest of our shipbuilders when
asked to explain the breaking down of a warship
constructed by him, stated that he had built the ves- t
sel according to specifications to carry guns of a
given weight, but that when she was armed the naval
authorities placed heavier guns upon her, and thus
subjected her to a greater strain than had been cal
culated.
A new view of the is presented in a recent
issue of the American Syren and Shipping. That
paper, which holds a high rank as an authority on
shipping" matters of all kinds, places the whole re
sponsibility upon the naval department,, but not in
the way stated by the shipbuilder. After referring to
naval vessels "which broke down after a few days
of practice on home stations," it says: "As these ships
were put into trie best possible condition prior to
the orders to assemble for sea practice, it is as plain
as a pikestaff that there is something radically,
wrong with the manner in which these vessels are
handled at sea." .' • ,.. •¦,-'¦
ACCIDENTS T<X WARSHIPS.
Perhaps the completest summary of' tlie: despicable
methods of the yellow journals of the United States
ever given was promulgated by Cardinal
who on entering the great conclave at. Rome author
ized the Associated Press to deny any. purported in
terview with him, at any time, on any subject, with
any person aftcr,he entered Rome. This blow cer
tainly ought to silence the saffron sheets; 5 - \
Resolved. That the manufacturers of the
City of Stockton be urged to make Individual
exhibits of..- their, wares at the approaching
State .Fair, so -that the people of this com
monwealth may be informed of the advanced
position ¦ Stockton occupies as a manufacturing
center. We urge this in the belief that our
manuiactrers will profit by the advertising re
ceived.- and realize that upon the prdsp^rlty
of th'e individual depends the prosperity of th«
community. . ' ?i •
That the .'Stockton Chamber of
Commerce Instruct its secretary to make such
an -exhibit of the . products of San Joaquln
County at the approaching State Fair as will
be a credit to the county and an inspiration ±0
other agricultural communities in our State;
and be it further
• -)Vhereag. .'The California State Fair is a
£ .., tc /Pri!=e instituted by the State of
*-aurornla foiv.the purpose ,of promoting agri
cultural 'horticultural,- r*. manufacturing and
stock raising by means of competitive exhibits
0 «Jl* Products of such Industries, and,
Whereas, A special effort is being made this
year to obtain a representative exhibit pf prod*
ucts rrom the ¦ different counties of the State,
where the .producers may view the best prod
ucts of farm. : field and factory thereby being
educated. and stimulated to a higher effort to
ward advanced and scientific production now,
therefore, •• be it" ./ . ¦;-,/. ¦ '
STOCKTON. Aug. 3.-At a meeting of
the directors of the Chamber of Com
merce this afternoon the matter of mak
ing an exhibit at the State Fair was dis
cussed, and it was detdded to make a spe
cial showing 'at the ioming event. The
resolution setting forth such Intention and
urging upon manufacturers the desira
bility of making individual exhibits was
jsarsed. Secretary Brown will go to Sac
ramonto in the morning to make prelim
inary" arrangements.
It is. probable that considerable of the
exhibit, which is to appear later at St.
Louis will be. taken to Sacramento. v It is
believed that the county and the local
business men -will make a very favorable
showing. The resolutions are as follows:
This gain of the negro is not confined to the South.
In the Northern States the blacks gained I7t,oi2 in
the decade 1890-1900. The problem is upon us all
and cannot be treated as sectional. So far, the best
mind of the North sees a solution in moral elevation
and progress in the civilized arts of self-support. Is
there any other alternative but the fee-faw-fumming
of the fire-eating Tillman?
From these statistics it is evident, given equal
physical conditions, the. negro population- will soon
vastly outnumber the white through superior fecun
dity alone. That is the true Southern problem and
the national problem as well. It is the reason for
Tollman's barbaric revolt against every proposition
to cleanse and humanize the negro, to lead him out
of the conditions in which his revolting crimes are
committed, but to slaughter him like a beast for not
"keepin' his place.'' The problem is one that may
attract and appall the most heroic philosophy, but its
solution is not helped by insisting that the whites in
contact with it shall abandon themselves to the mur
der of human beings merely because they do not
keep their place in conditions in spite of which they
make a steady gain upon the white population.
Referring to the causes of negro mortality and
the age of greatest loss, it is found that one-third die
in infancy, of preventable causes, under the age of
5. Between 5 and 10 the death rate is -small, but it
rises again at. 20,' the age of tubercular and allied
diseases.. Of. the 11 54 deaths of negroes 178 were
caused by' consumption and 95 by pneumonia, so that
chronic and acute-respiratory diseases claimed 253.
Bright's disease took 128, enteric and allied mala
rial diseases of , filth* called 156.. Here we have,
grouped. -deaths^ from preventable causes amounting
to 537, /directly refecSble to the immoral, habits and
bad \ sanitation -- prevalent among the blacks. If
taught^bei(te'r, last gear's negro death rate would
haver been reduced td 617, or to 160 less than the
birth-rate!.' Itjs'tq. be supposed that the whites of
Charleston; live, under more sanitary and better
moral -'conditions, 1 for/ their ; death rate per 1000 is
only, 18.08, which is< about normal for such a popu
lation oh the South 'Atlantic coast.
SENATORS' Tillman of South Carolina and
Burton of Kansas have arranged a discussion
of the negro- problem before the different Chau-
Kaifqun assemblies during the summer. It seems to
i have been a mistake to add Tillmau to the torrid
conditions of the, Eastern summer. In his first
speech lie advocated "'shootin' niggers who don't keep
their place." and* belched vocal brimstone like an-
It is a mistake in the South to put this person for
ward as an exponent of her views upon this : serious
issue. Granting all that is charged against the ne
gro's capacity for self-government, and all that is
charged against his bad habits, thrifty temperance and
morals, if we add to that denial that he is a human
being and refusal to grant himiany rights superior
to those of the beasts that perish, a situation is cre
ated that projects to the present "generation of white
people in the South, in intensified form, the evils
that worked upon them when the negroes were slaves
and as a result of that condition.
In fact, according to the programme offTillman,,
the negroes now arc to be denied rights which they
enjoyed in common with the domestic animals whose
subjection they shared. The slave's status as prop
erty was a protection, since slave-holders would,
neither destroy their own property nor- seriously
impair its productive power by ill-usage. Men in
the South continue to so protect their animal chat
tels, but that protection is withdrawn from the negro
by TiUman's proposition, and he may be shot for not
keeping his place among the beasts, though denied
the safeguards that are around his four-footed fel
lows. * _, . ¦ •
Of course philosophy and philanthropy point to
the duty, not of elevating- the negro, but of teach
ing him to elevate himself *out of a condition of im
morality, bad sanitary and other habits, thriftlessness
snd wastefulness, to a state in which he may enjoy
the natural rights of humanity. There is no use gird
ing at the North on the subject of the negro's past
condition of slavery. When Jefferson wrote the
original draft of the Declaration of Independence he
put among its clauses damnatory of the English King
in accusation for introducing slavery into the colo
nies and importing negroes from Africa to that con
dition in the new country. If that had been left in
the completed document we would have had an earlier
and a peaceful abolition of slavery in this country,
but it would have left with us the precise problem
which Tillman is discussing so unwisely.
Tillman seems to derive his ferocity from the reve
lation of statistics, and to get thcYefrom a desire for
extermination of the black race. The vital statistics
0/ Charleston, in his own State, disclose conditions
which may well excite apprehension. In 1902 the
local census showed in that city 24,285 whites and
31.522 negroes. In that year the deaths were of 461
whites and 1153 negroes. Only 1 in 52 whites died,
while the negro mortality was 1 in 27. At such a
rate of mortality the negro would soon disappear.
But the aspect is changed by the birth rate. In the
3ear 751 negroes were born to 354 white?. Of the
whites 107 more died than were born; of the blacks
396.
SAN JOAQUIN
PLANS EXHIBIT
AT STATE FAIR
• rricndations to the Secretary of the Interior as to
the manner in which the available money shall be
expended.
j California of course has large interests in the sub
ject and should be- .Well represented at- the congress.
Public interest in it in the East is manifested by the
fact that the Union Pacific Railway will run a free
¦ excursion train from Washington to Ogden for the
benefit of newspaper correspondents who will be sent
to report the proceedings. President Roosevelt Ins
already manifested great interest in the meeting, and
ori his recent 'tour through the West he said in' an
address at Ogden: "I hope most earnestly that you.
and all the other States in interest will push forward,
and will in every way endeavor to make the meeting
of the Irrigation Congress here in Ogden a thorough
success , And I say that not merely in the interest" of
Ogden. not merely in the interest of the States vyhich
are to be benefited by irrigation, but in the interest
of the Union. I want to see that congress a suc
cess; I want to see the work of irrigation made the.
greatest possible success." 7. * ¦.
TILLMAN AND THE RACE PROBLEM
THE* SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1903.
RETURNS HOME
FROM ABROAD
WITH HONORS
6
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS,
\ SUNDAY CALL'S
V . \ Watch for the full page of clever half-hour
¦\ : >y storiettes.
By "Col." Kate\ > €V^ \ By Charles Sloan Beid.
r li ""™Tr i' A A »How the Race Was Won.-
FaDleS Tflt FOOIISh V .J$P \ By Crittenden Marriott.
By Nicholas Nemo. \ SV* v \
ti. n ~T t « A «*& \ Dons Happy Ness Nye
¦ The Oracle of Mnl- \ ¦W' \ b 7 ou» b. smga.
berry Center V \ A vma g c Pincushion
By S. E. Riser. \ \ By Sarah Lindsay Coleman.
The Etiquette of the\ \l*S& \
yisitdr v^ \ The
By Madge Moore. \ I *&<$> \
And the most exciting Installment yet pub-\ V£ \ I 1 11 SI U I
: lisbed of that; merry lampoon of "Anierica's\ V^*^ \ ll r W -
• Nouveaux Richest • ;. • \ r^ . .- . \ By
...llie bpenderso. \
By Harry Leon/ Wilson. / \v^ - : \
.Wherein Uncle Prfer Bines sacrifices $12,000,000 to teach \ \
bis nephew not to be a fashJoflable soah. ' . \ \-
EXCITING FICTIONX
,Miss Rtfsa-McAhan of 211 West Quartz
street, Butte, Mont., says: ."Herpicide has
thoroughly cleansed my scalp of dandruff
with which; it was entirely covered, and
it- has stopped* my ; falling hair. . I haVe
tried many different preparations : In the
past* two years, but none ' took effect' ex-
cept Newbro's Herpicide." "Dandruff ia a
germ disease, and Herpicide'ls an infalli-
ble destroyer of, the germ.. "Destroy the
cause, you remove the ; effect." Kill ; the
dandruff germ. Ask your druggist for
Herpicide. . It is a delightful dressing al-
lays itching/' makes the hair 'soft as silk
Sold by * leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co
Detroit. Mich. j ¦ ""
Remedy for Dandruff.
How After Two Years She Found a
MISS BOSA McAHAN OF BUTTE.New Immigrant Official.
F. M. Becktel of Washington. D. C. has
arrived to take charge of the office of
the United States Immigration Depart
ment at Honolulu. He will leave for that
port on the steamship Siberia.
Captain Eldridge T. Lynam of the
United States transport service was
granted a divorce from Linda "il. Lynam
,by Judge Murasky yesterday. It was
shown by the testimony of several rela
tives of Mrs. Lynam that she was the
cause of the recent . separation of the
couple. They were ' married more than
forty years ago in Maine.
Divorces were also granted to Laura
Charles from Charles Charles for deser
tion, Helene E. Grler from Percy H.
Grier for cruelty, Herman F. Jantzen
from Emma Jantzen for desertion, Mary
I. Acly from George M. Acly for neglect
and Louise Gordon from A. T. Gordon for
neglect.
Suit for divorce was filed by Charles
T. Qulrey against Mary F. Quirey for de
sertion.
Relatives of Linda M. Lynam Testify
She Is the Cause of Fam
ily Troubles.
GRANTS DIVORCE DECREE
- TO TRANSPORT CAPTAIN
Dr. F.M. Gallagher of Washington, D.
C. has arrived in this city for the pur
pose of instructing the Chinese Bureau at
this port in the Bertlllon system of meas
urements. 7 This system has been adopted
by the , Government In the secret service
and will be employed as a means of iden
tifying returning • Chinese laborers.
Chinese to Be Measured.
The case of Joseph Cardlnell and John
McCann charged with burglary was dis
missed by Police Judge, Conlon yesterday.
They; were accused ..of stealing some
towels from a room, in a Sixth street
lodging-house and the Judge said there
was absolutely no evidence against them
and they should not have been arrested.
Burglary Case Dismissed.
United States District Judge James H.
Beatty of Idaho, sitting In the ¦ United
States Circuit' Court. in this city, gave
Judgment yesterday in favor of the plain
tiff in the suit of the Consolidated Seeded
Raisin Company against the Phenix Seed
ed Raisin Company. The suit was, dis
missed as against A.' Gartenlaube. The
action was brought for an injunction and
an accounting for infringement of patent
on a raisin seeding machine. ..
Seeded . Raisin Case Decided.
Louis H. Eaton, organist, of Trinity
Church, has received a letter from E. R.
Kroeger, master of programmes, bureau
of music, Louisiana Purchase Exposition,
asking him to give three organ recitals
next year on the great organ now being
built at the World's Fair, St. Louis.
Mr. Eaton has acceptedUhe invitation
and has i also promised to give a recital
on the immense instrument In the factory
where the organ is being constructed to
ward the end of the year.
The organ will have five manuals and
140 stops. The pedal will contain a stop
whose lowest pipe will be sixty-four feet
ia length.
The forty members of )Trlnlty ] Church
choir celebrated Mr. Eaton's second anni
versary as their director last Saturday
evening by presenting him with a hand
some solid sliver hand-carved candlestick.
Miss Nellie Flynn, In behalf of her col
leagues of the choir,' made the presenta
tion. Besides the members of the choir
there were present the Rev. Clifton Ma
con, Colonel and Mrs. J. V. D. Middleton,
Mrs. Louis Eaton, Miss Dorothy Eaton]
Darwin Glsh. Max Warshauer and Clar
ence Eaton.
Louis H. Eaton Invited to Give Re
citals at Louisiana Purchase
Exposition. >
TRINITY CHURCH ORGANIST
TO PItAY AT GREAT FAIR
The sub-committee in charge of the
details of, the. programme of entertain
ment are as follows:
Finance— E. B. Thomas (chairman) M. T
Rellly. P. Ward, v.,
Reception — William 'A. Kelly (chairman)
Charles G. Willey. Edward O*Donnei. J. Doyle'
J. M. Campodonlco. J. H. Plnkham J. T
Keegan, J. W. Shlnkwln, D. Barry. . ' \
¦ Theater — J.' F. Comyns (chairman), William
O. Patch. R. D. Blake.
Ball— -Arthur J. Sullivan (chairman), William
A. Kelly, J. F." Comyns.
Banquet — Charles <*•' Willey (chairman) P
J. Hacan, J. .H. Plnkham.
Printing— William H. Murphy (chairman)
Charles D. O'Connor, Arthur J. Sullivan.
Badges — John . A. Dunleavy (chairman)
Thomas J. Moroney, Charles O. Willey. '
Decorations — D. J. McGloln (chairman) M.
T. Rellly, Joseph Redm6nd.
. The following grand officers and dele
gates will be entitled to seats in the
Grand Council:
• Past Krand presidents — J. J. HcDade. M. W.
Fleming, J. F. Sullivan. James F. Smith, C.
P. Rendon, F. J. Murasky, F. J." Klerce. John
Lynch, James Gallagher, Samuel Haskins, A.
F. St. Sure. L. E. Mahan. D. J. O'Leary;
grand, chaplain. Itev. M. D. Slattery; grand
president. Thomas W. Kelly; grand first vice
president, James D. Whalen; grand second
vice president, James P. Sex; grand secretary.
George a. Stanley; grand treasurer. William T.
Aggpler; grand marshal. Herman. Berg; grand
Inside sentinel, Robert H. Flowers: grand out
nlde sentinel. P. J. Thornton; grand directors,
Rev. T. J. O'Connell. J. B. Queen, Charles O.
Willey, T. A. Cody. Thomas J. Moroney, John
P. Fitzgerald, J. W. Sharp and M. A. Mcln
nls; supreme deputy, E. R. Myrick.
- Delegates: San Francisco Council No. 1 — E.
R. Myrick and James Hurley; P. J. Hagen and
P. C. Kretz, alternates. San Jose No. 2—Da
vid M. Burnett and John M. Meyer; John
Macke and Dr. T. M. Cannlchael, alternates.
San Francisco No. 3— Rev. James A. Grant and
Kdward J. O'Rourke: Lawrence Tuaffe and
Thomas B. Slevln, alternates. San Francisco
No. 4 — Dr. James V. Hushes and Dr. F. B.
Kane: M. P. Gibney and John J. Duddy, al
ternates. Stockton No. &— P. B. Campbell.
James P. Carroll and R. B. Teefy; D. J.
O'Keefe. J. F. Kalck and James 8. Riley. al
terna*s. Oakland No. 6— George P. R. dark
and L. P. Snaer;T. J. Gallagher and Martin
Madden, ¦ alternates. San Francisco No. 7 — M.
T. ¦ Rellly and -William H. Langrdon; George
M. Kelly and Frtd F. Dunne, alternates. Oak
land No. S — John J. Burke and George Don
nelly; John F. Mullins and J. Henry Long,
alternates. Petaluma No. 9 — Rev. J. J. Pol
lard and J. B. Counihan; J. W. Murphy and
J. TV. • McNally. alternates. Sacramento No.
11 — Frank J. O'Brien and F. A. Grifnn: James
J. Longshore Jr. and James Rlley, alternates.
Santa Cruz No. 12— J. J. Henchy: Geonre S.
Tatt. alternate. . Vallejo No. 13 — E. V Will
lams and Charles E. Walsh; Henry DriscoII
and J. T. Glanson. alternates. Marysvllle No.
18— J. L. Sullivan; P. J. Williams, alternate.
Napa No. 21— Frank Wilson and Daniel Mar
tin; George F. Strohl and T. Maxwell, alter
nates. Alameda No. 24 — Frank N. Dodd and
Hugh C. Gallagher; John J.. Hammond and T.
C. Coughlin, alternates. Martinez No. 25 —
James. McNamara: P. McNamara, alternate.
Sacramento No. 27 — W. Douglas and Daniel
Healy; \V. L. Rose and J. P. Dunning, alter
nates. San. Francisco No. 34— Frank Schilling.
Arthur J. Sullivan and Charles M. O'Brien:
James Mclnerney. John J. Jordan and Louis
F. Guedet, alternates. San Francisco No. 35 —
William- J. Hamilton, J. F.- LInehan and
Charles B. Fenn; I. D. Dw-yer. Edward Sel
ontrer and Thomas W. Butcher, alternates.
GIlroy.No. 44— Walter G. Fitzgerald; John H.
Bruen alternate. Sonoma No. 45 — A. D. Gra
ham; Thomas Manohan alternate. Livermore
No. 47— M.' O. Callaghan and J. J. Callaghan*
Augustus Hartmann and James P. Moy alter
nates. • Ran Francisco No. 65 — Dr. T. *H. Mor
ris and L. L. Deane; William O. Patch and R
A. Miller alternates. San Francisco No. 50—^
-William A. Kelly and F. E. Farmer; J. I* A.
Jaunet and Joseph Redmond alternates. Cas
troville No. 01— John Foster; James M. Jordan
alternate. Fresno No. C4— Thomas E. Collins-
Rev. G. G. Freund alternate. Eureka No. 67
John O'Neill and P. J. Rutledire: Joseph
O'Neill and Dr. G. N. Drysdale alternates. San
Francisco No. 72 — E. D. Sullivan and P. J.
Haggerty; Thomas Doyle and James Gallagher
alternates. Port Costa No. 80— Edward P.
Lynch and James Ahem; Frank Norton and
Jeremiah Lynch ¦ alternates. Merced No. 87
P. H. Griffin; W.;A. Mitchell alternate. Fern
dale No. 04^ — Rev. M. ' Klely and E. Sullivan;
William Early and J. Frlel alternates. San
Francisco No. 129 — Stanz A. Rlley; Dr. R. J.
Dowdall ' alternate. San Mateo No. 307 M.
Sheehan: J. J. H. Sharon alternate. Santa
Rosa N'o. 308— A. H. Donovan: A. Trembiey
alternate. San Francisco No. 31(V— p. h. Can
avan; J. H. Maloney- alternate. San Francisco
No. 460^ — John P. Cresalia and A. Scar; M.
Sabadln and J. Cereghlno • alternates. San
Francisco No; 470— E. G. Fitzgerald and Frank
J. Dauney; William I. Reardon and William
M. Pratt alternates. Los Angeles No 473 J
R. Curtis and J. Henry le Sage; W. F. Cleary
and Charles P. Rodgers alternates. San Fran
cisco No. B08-*:harles D. O'Connor; William
M. Gill alternate. San Francisco No. SC5— S.
B. Fugazl and J. M. Campodonlco; Henry C.
Costa and Camlllo Marzo alternates.
cil the grand; officers and delegates,
as is the custom, will assemble at
St. Mary's . Cathedral, where a solemn
high mass will be celebrated in opening
the Grand Council.
Monday, August 17. The session
will continue four days, during .which
time consideration will be given to the
reports of officers for the last term, to
gether with reports of all standing com
mittees. It Is not thought that many
proposed amendments will be presented,
as the constitution and laws as they
now stand seem to. meet the needs of
the society. It is anticipated that much
discussion will be had regarding the
advisability of creating the office of or
ganizer. In any event it is certain that
the present satisfactory condition of the
order will invite discussion as to ways
and means' for further advancing the in
terests of the organization. Apart from
the legislative work of the session the
election of officers' for the ensuing term
will be a matter of general interest.
Grand Vice President James D. Whalen
of Alameda Council No. 47. Livermore,
Cal., will likely be advanced to the
grand presidency. Contests are certain
to result for the other offices, particular
ly ihat of grand director.
The year closing has been a satisfac
tory one. as the reports will .show a gain
in membership and finances, despite the
losses resulting from dropping all mem
bers not in good financial standing' in
the subordinate councils under a policy
in this direction inaugurated by the
last Grand Council.
The reception and entertainment of
the delegates will be arranged and con'
ducted by the board of management,
representative of the San Francisco
councils of the institute, and the pro
gramme as now determined upon will in
clude a reception and dance under the
auspices of the Young Ladies'Instltute
at Native Sons' Hall Monday evening,
August 17. Tuesday evening, the 18th,
will be the occasion of a theater party.
The banquet will be held at the Califor
nia Hotel on the evening of the 19th.
and the session will conclude with a ball
at Native Sons' Hall on Thursday even
ing, the 20th.
Prior to convening t'ie Grand Coun-
THE nineteenth grand council
session of the Pacific jurisdic
tion of the Young Men's Insti
tute will convene in this city
PAST GRAND PRESIDENT OF THE YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE WHO
WILL. BE PRESENT AT THE NINETEENTH GRAND COUNCIL SES
SION OF THE ORGANIZATION TWO WEEKS HENCE.
' vTJNIFOBMS ABE CHEAPER. -
Ready said also that the officials of the
Union Lumber Company at Fort Bragg
had sent to him for men to take the place
of the locked-out mlllmen and that ho had
no difficulty in getting men to go up there
and take the places of the strikers. He
also said that, could he be assured police
protection, he could get at any time 1000
men to take the places of the carmen In
this city. He said that should he adver
tise for 1000 carmen thousands of farm
hands and others employed in the coun
try would come to the city at once.
A tailor filed an affidavit in which he
swore that the same carman's uniform
that he sold last September for $22 he was
now selling for $20. *
The case goes on this morning at 10
o'clock. . , .
Livernash turned back again to the
many thousands of men that visited
Ready's office looking for work.' He
wanted to be Informed how the place was
kept in order with such vast crowds of
men visiting there.
"Oh, I told you before." said Ready,
"the only trouble we' have is with dema
gogues and occasionally some poor, old
drunk that floats Jn." ,
"Well, you must think the demagogues
pretty bad citizens, do you not, Mr.
Ready?" he was asked by the carmen's
counsel.
"The trouble of it is that a great num
ber of them are not citizens at all," was
"the witness' quick reply. ,
Ready, was on the witness stand all the
afternoon and bitterly complained of trade
.unionism as a hindrance to the State. He
sal«l that thousands of men were forced
out into the country and compelled' to
work picking fruit and doing rough rail
road work, when they would like to re
main in the city. He said that these men
were forced out of the city, as they were
unable to put up the $10 or $15 necessary
to gain an admittance to a trade union.
USUALLY NOT CITIZENS.
THOUSANDS ASK WOBK
"I must admit I have heard the word
used on the street," said Ready.
Continuing under cross-examination.
Ready said that between 90,000 and 100,000
men called last month at his employment
office. Livernash tried to get Ready to
retract this statement, but the employ
ment agent could not be shaken.
"Well, if you have so many men calling
there, I suppose you need quite a force of
police to keep them in order," said Liver
nash.
"No, I have no trouble with the men at
all," replied Ready. "Once in a while,
however, I have to call a police officer
and get him to remove a demagogue from
the sidewalk."
"What do you call a demagogue?" asked
Livernash.
After deep study Ready replied: "I
think a demagogue is a man that raises
trouble. He does not know his own busi
ness, and tries to meddle in other peo
ple 6.
# JII J lk 1. to * ee a man work °y the sweat
of his hands and brow," continued the
witness. "I like to see a man make an
honest living by work, even if it is by the
pick and shovel."
"When did you last work with a pick
and shovel?" asked Livernash with a
sneer.
"I struck San Francisco sixteen years
ago with Just Jl in my pocket." replied
Beady proudly. "I had a roll of blankets
and I worked for a while with a pick and
shovel in the streets of San Francisco for
$2 a day."
Attorney Uvernash objected to the tiling
of Ready's statement on the grounds that
it was incompetent and irrelevant. Llver
nash also said that Ready was an un
scrupulous man, opposed to trade union
ism. He wound up his objection by re
questing that Ready be produced at the
afternoon session for cross-eaminatlon.
The employment agent was on hand as
requested and LJvernaah's first question
was: v.rv<v
"Your place is the headquarters for
scabs, is it not?"
"I don't know. the meaning of the word
'scab,* " answered the witness, seemingly
bristling for a fight.
""Well, you will know before I get
through with you," Livernash assured
him. /
At the arbitration proceedings between
the carmen and the United Railroads yes
terday a statement from Herbert V.
Ready of the firm of Murray & Ready,
employment agents, was read. In it he
stated that between 3000 .and 4000 Idle men
visited the employment office every work
ing day in the week, and that he could
.secure in two days 1000 men willing: to
work as motormen and grlpmen in this
city. , :\
Street Railway Arbitration
Proceedings Somewhat
Enlivened.
Employ meot Agent Says
They Are Usually
Foreigners.
GIVES HIS IDEA
OF DEMAGOGUES
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL; >T^LESDAY; AUGUST 4, 1903.
Nineteenth Session of Pacific Jurisdiction Will Open in
San Francisco This Month and Bosrd of Management
Arrange Pleasant Entertainment for the Many Delegates
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE
TO HOLD COUNCIL HERE
7
COLUwlllJA lomBTRBaa
A LICENSE FOR LAUGHTER. * «
-AND-
IT BEARS THE SEAL OP SUCCESS. \
EVERY NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAT. !
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
FT^XD A "The Comedian
JL>4LkfW-Y You All Know.**
KENDALL
In HU Great Starrlnjc Comedy 8ucces«,
"THE VINEGAR BUYER".
Llebler & Co Manager*
ti vousa,
TO-NIGHT AND THROUGHOUT THH
WEEK— SATURDAY MATINEE.
Third Week of
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
In her special engagement for Smith A Dm
Koven's Masterpiece,
THE HIG ->.Ul//\YM/\N
SDWX2T STEVESTS as POXT QXTZL^ia.
ARTHUR CUNNINGHAM. EDWARD
WEBB. FERRIS HARTMAN. ANNIE MY-
ERS. BERTHA DAVIS, AIMEE LEICESTER
and Special Cast.
The Next Attraction Will B»
"THE TOBTU2I£ * PTrr - T rT?H. f>
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 30c. 73c
Telephone Bush 0.
Vigorous J/audevllle. '
The Great Kaufmann Troupe; Dooley
and Tcnbrooke; Boberts, Hayes
and Boberts; George Austin; Mine. .
Konorah; James J. Morton; Ma-
cart's Dogs and Monkeys; Clau-
dius and Corbin and the Biograph,
Reserved Seats. 23c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats.
and Opera Chairs, 50c. y
CENTRALS
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 833.
TO-NIGHT— OXE WEEK ONLT.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Stupendous Production of Edwin Anlen f » j
•> Powerful Russian Drama,
ZORAH
— WITH—
HERSCHEL MAYALL as RABBI ISRAEft '
FRANCOS. !
EUGENIA THAIS LAWTON aa ZORAH.
Gorgeous Scenic Effects! Splendid Costumes! -
Brilliant Cast!
pnyrpc evenings HtetoWo ;
rnlWLJ MATINEES 10c. 13c. 23o
Monday.. August 1O— "MAN'S ENEMY.'*
ALCAZAR^^r:
Gen. M«r. ;^«
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
A GREAT LAUGHING HIT.
WHIJB WHITTLESBY
In the Dellehtful Modern Comedy,
THE BUTTERFLIES
Evg, 25c to 73c; Mat. Thur. A Sat. 13c to 50c
Kext Monday — Farewell Week of the WHIT-
TLESEY Engagement.
THE THREE MUSKETEERS.
Monday, Aug. 17 — The Greatest of Rural Plays
THE DAIRY FARM.
The Last Week of the Great Combination
Bill of
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE"
"THE THrJEE MUSKEETERSl"
Our "All-Star" cast, including
KOLB and DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE,
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
RESERVED SEATS— NlghU. 23c. 30c an<!
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees.' 25c and
50c: Children at Matinees. 10c and 2Sc.
Seats new on sale for next Monday and th«
engagement of the Great Double - Bill. "Tha
Big Little Princess" and "Quo Vass Isa."
Lester and Curtin; Little Blossom;
The Three Kuans, and a Great
Show. Every Afternoon and Eve-
ning in the Theater.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE
POUND AND ONE-HALF BABY AND HI3
COMPANIONS '
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
THREE BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
AMATEUB NIGHT THTJBSDAY.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 9«.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
His Doctors
Gave Him Up
SAID HE HAD CONSUMPTION
Electro-Chemistry Is Rapidly
Curing Him.
Mr. Talleu's Statement:
"My doctors grave me up. They said
they could do nothing: for me. as I had
consumption. Their treatment did me
no good. I reduced In weight from, 137
to 108 pounds. I coughed, my blood did
not circulate, my feet and hands were
cold and I was so weak I could, do noth-
ing. In this condition I took up the
Electro-Chemic treatment.
"In eight days I have gained eight
pounds. My blood Is circulating, my
cough Is better, the chest pains are
leaving me, I can eat well, my food
agrees with me and my strength is rap-
idly returning."
(Signed) ALBERT TALLET.
482& Tehama St.
CONSULTATION £[)["["
X-RAY EXAMINATION I SILL
Specialties — Consumption, Catarrh,
Bronchitis, Asthma, Cancers, Tumors,
RheumatlBm, Paralysis, Neuralgia, Pile*.
Diseases, of the Stomach, Liver, Sid-
neys and Bowels. Special Diseases of
Ken and Women., All Chronic Diseases.
Electro-Chemic Institute,
118 Grant Ave., Corner Post St. •
SAW rSAKCISCO.
Separate Apartments for Ladies and
Gentlemen.
" STATEMENT
; CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
ASSURANCE COMPANY,
OF BERLIN, GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
• day of December, A. D. 1902. and for the
y^ar ending nn that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Call- |
f'~>reia. pursuant to the provisions of Sections
<:iu and Oil of the Political Code, condensed
as per black furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
, Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
;la cash $250,000 CO
ASSETS.
Hral Estate own»d by Corarany.. $1CS,S34 34
Eaosau on Bonds «nd .Mortg»««.. 145.000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bond? owned l>y Company. 3^0.517 2S i
« a?h la Company's Office C3.9C4 05
• in 'Bank? 209.052 84
Ir.ierest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.599 02
1 .lie from other Companies, Agents.
? etc 524.641 06
Total Assets J1.770.10S 59
LIABILITIES.
U I^<*=5<»* adjusted and unpaid
Losspk in process of Adjustment 1
c or in Susr>enpe r $043,778 72
\j «s*s resisted, tncludinr expenses J
tirfss premiums on Fire Risks
• running one year or less, $ ;
reinsurance 50 per Wit 170,322 50
Grafs premiums on Marine andi
Inland Navigation Risks. $...;
reinsumnce 100 per cent (• 200.54S 25
Ornss premiums on Marine Timel
Risks, t : reinsurance 50 1
per cent J
Liability under other departments. "14, r,10 02
<"as?i tlividends remaining unpaid. 2C2 50
All .other liabilities 3.594 77
c TotaI Liabilities $1,033,016 79
INCOME. "~~
X« cash actually receii-ed for Fire
premiums $427,783 41
N«>t ca*h actually received for
Marine premiums SS6.528 16
Received for ir.tere*t on Bonds and
Mortrages 5.850 00
Rr-eived for interert and divi-
uends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans
and from all other sources 2S.02S 54
Revived for Rrr.ts 13.642 33
Received from all other sources. 467.958 69
Total iBCOtn* $1,130,601 15
EXPENDITURES. . ;,
NVt paid for Fire I^o??*"*
finrludimt $ , intern of pre-
' Mots years) 52S1.S12 91
Nf>t am^int paid for Marine Losses
(Including $ losses cf pre-
vious years) 249.1S7 29
1>Sviden<Js to Stockholders 60,000 00
Paid or allowed for Ccmm!«ion or
Brokerage 355. 67S 47
f"«ld for Sa!ari«^t. F«y?s and other
charjees for officers, clerks, etc.,
. •looses of other branches 1C1.537 81
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 2,900 75
All 'other payments and expen-
diUires 47.S07 9<5
.Total Hxper.dltures $1,1SS.9S5 19
Yjlfks and Premiums. | Fire Risks.| Premiums.
. Not amount "of P.irks|
written durir.e the
year ! t222,226,500: $120,007 10
Kit amount of Risksj
expired during th<- \
.year :£3,91S,KW| 427.7JB5 41
Net amount In force! :
Dcoetnber 31. 1902. . | RS,256,50()] 170.322 50
j Mar. Risks.! Premiums."
Not amount of Risks . ,.\ •'«-
written during the!
year ! $186.102.211. $2,307,666 17
Net amount tof Risks I
exr-ired during the
, year I 3S.404.421 3S8.S28 16
Net amount in force!
December SI. 1902.. | 10.4G2.357 125.548 2*
PAl'L SZELINTSKI. PrestT"
MARC. MALTEL. f5ccy.
Fubscrfbed and sworn to before me. this
:;¦•¦¦ ¦¦•:.'.¦. or Acril. lflO-T
JAHES H. NOUN AN,
U. S- Consul General.
gutte^&"frank,
General Agents,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
•--. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
EVERY WOMAN
=r^ is intcre? ted and should know
jC^A about the wonderful
<^-£*W\ MMDUCI WHIRLING
': \ nlAnVcL spray
\ v\ »i "'.* .S* ' t\ 1 be new Varlntl Sjrtatt.
t V 'JkS • • jK. 1 1 Junction and Suction.
M-'i^yicP^vvi? &st-S«.fcst— Mostl^w*.
'^\C^ v iK. vcnienL ItaetB»a
AskFMfrdnaistfertt. \ §£&>» r^C^ 1 "
If he «-»«not *um*'.y tlie '"'•'¦ V'/S ill
JIlBVrt. «octptno \
otiicr. 1-ut *«1<1 «amp far IHuv. X, M '''' : ////'fo/
tntMlboofc— «';iil*sd. It ijim full' V-, g 'of
Rocm SOS. TUao HCg.. New York. X-~~r
STATEMtBINT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIES y
OF THE
United Firm's
, INSURANCE COMPANY, '
OF PHILADELPHIA. IX THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31et day of Decem-
ber. A D. 1D02. and for the year ending on
| that day. as made to the Insurance Commts-
• eloner of the State of California, pursuant to
the proi-isions of sections «>10 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnish-
ed by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid
up In Cash $3CO,000 00
ASSETS. ~~~"
Real Estate owned by Company. . $205,700 00
Loans on Kords and Mortgages. . . 387,922 00
Ca-xh Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 864,636 00
Amount of I»ar.s secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral. 137.000 00
Cash in Company's Office 4,934 31
Cash In Banks 60,898 66
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 686 79
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 7,428 33
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 75,532 19
Bills receivable. not matured,
taken for Fire and Marine
„ Risks 218 10
Rents due and accrued 48(47
Deposit with Philadelphia Fire
Underwriters' Association 100 0D
Perpetual deposits in course of
collection 3.S52 70
Total Assets Jl.745.003 61
LIABILITIES. ~~ "
Losses adjusted and unpaid $10,174 7X
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 17,463 04
Losses resisted, including expenses 9,222 83
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $300.-
702 45; reinsurance 50 p*r cent.. 154,851 22
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$300,167 CS; reinsurance pro
rata 1S1.6T5 11
Amount reclalmable by the in-
sured on perpetual fire insurance
policies 866,353 00
Due and accrued for' salaries,
rents, etc 8,450 45
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 17,727 14
All other liabilities 12.133 S7
Total Liabilities $1.278 05142
INCOME. ~~~
»t cash actually received for Fire
premiums $552,168 68
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 21,540 13
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans,
and from all other sources 40,658 34
R»wiv«l for Rents ft.397 "5
Received from all other sources.. 77.C92 33
Total Income $701,457 23
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
'including $31.OSO OS. losses of
previous years) $239,028 49
Dividends to Stockholders, .n.... 30,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 120,901 CO
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 29,528 13
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes ' 14,038 82
All other payments and expendi-
tures < 68,563 54
— .
' Total Expenditures ; $493,019 08
Fire.
Lo*sps incurred during the year $235,289 86
Klsks and Premiums. Fire Risks.) Premiums.
— —^— —^^^—^^— — — —^^— — j — —
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $43,508,0C0 $505,628 85
Net amount of Riftks
expired during the
ytar.... 40.143,250 445,103 17
N*-t amount In force
December 31. 1902. 59.579.940 J .639.869 53
ROnT. B. BEATH. President.
DENNIS J. SWEENT. Secretary.
Subscribed end r worn to before me this 13th
day of March. 1D03.
MARY L. CAMPBELL, Notary Public./
gutteT^frank,
General Agents,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
6AN FRANCISCO, CAL. \
w *i »s ; S3? Ai ihSL r2m W^k
Bl Jl Wt ffl&fi II *B« ¦* A. **%9
W a w E9 a&a Em nBc a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ATJVEBTISEMENTS.
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the signa-
ture of Clias. H. Fletcher, and lias been made under his
Sersonal supervision for over JJO years. Allow no one
> deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
•• Just-as-jrood'* are but Experiments, and endanger the
health of Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare- •
goric, Drops and Soothing- Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Slorphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness., It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
Tie Kind You HaYe Always Bought
ym Bears the Signature of
In Use For Over 30 Years.
tni ccntmir e«nniiy, tt munrat imin, hew tour errr.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 ALASKA , I
I Refrigerators |
h Keep provisions longer <s
p. and use less ice than §
8 any other make. S
n Send for catalogue. $
I W. W. MONTAGUE & GO. |
g 309-317 Market St. |
VaUra D0NT FAIL TO
1 UlUWW see the beautiful
t COURT Lounging
5lf||i room, the EMPIRE
WllW .PARLOR, the
~ - 'PALM ROOM.the
lir^fin LOUIS XV PAR-
M I ailU L OR, and the LA-
U- /¦ 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels room
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND So E utt
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST 1»'1VJJ1 NIC3-HTS!
RAYMOND AND CAVBRLY
And Our Superb Eastern Company In
IN WALL STREET
INcxt Sunday INIfirht
The Rogers Brothers' Success of Last Season.
"IN HARVARD"
A Gorgeous. Novel and Beautiful Production.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
PRICES— 23c. 50c. 75c.
IfAlilFORNIA
U Greatest Dramatic Bargain | fcJ
Ever Offered. f^
irznxxi- moeosco co.
7*5 Presentlngr Paul Leicester 17 «T
.iw Ford's Matchless Romance ot AO
— _ the Revolution. --.
*>U JA2IICE MEBEDITH.
9«| First time at less than $2 OK
•»** prices. Now at 25c. 60c. 78c. •*-«* i
Bargain Matinee Thursday.
' 25c and 50c. To-night Eagles'
I^PI N'lght. Next Sunday Nigh:, fi 3^
II I lj "A ROYAL FAMILY." L|
TkeMark of excellence I
Sixty years of practical I
experience in the science
and art of brewing make
the very soul of the malt;
delicious, healthful, in-
vigoratmg,and aaso/utc
The beer of quality is
PatstBlue Ribbon
Orders filled by
.Thomas W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149.SANTO DOMINGO CITY, Aug. a.— The new
Government has been installed. - The country
ia quiet and business Is Increasing.
New York-. 4 ',»' i
Boston 1 . 0 4
Batteries— Matthewson and Warner; Willie
and Moran. - Umpire — Emslie.
runs in the eleventh inning and defeated Bos
ton in a. long drawn out but exciting game.
After Boston tied the score and still had men
on bases In the ninth Matthewson struck out
the side. Attendance. 2100. Score:
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 3— George Sinsa
bough, well known In business, and fcater
nal circles In Southern California, died
suddenly at his home in Sierra Madre,
aged 45 years. Sinsabough at the time of
his death was Deputy Grand Commander
of the Knights Templar of California.
Prominent Southern Man Dead.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 3.— Postofflce estab
lished — Washington: Synarep. Okanagon Coun
ty. William P. Barlett, postmaster.
.Postmasters commissioned — California: Man
zanito, B. Bolton, Bunttngville. Oregon: Eliz
abeth Brown.. Logan. .Washington: Thomas
F. Harris, Gig Harbor; William C. Fudge La
Croase. . ' . ,
Fourth-class postmasters appointed — Califor
nia: Frederick J. Wheelock. ¦ Ono Shasta
County, vice Andrew J. McFarlln. resigned.
Oregon — Charles A. Despaln. Ukiah ! Umattlla
County, vice Fred Hewitt, removed. '
Navy order— Ensign H. H, Evans goes to the
Adams. ¦
Army orders — The examining board convened
at Monterey. . Cal., r Is dissolved. Captain
Charles K. Stanton, paymaster goes from San
Francisco to Denver. Colo.; for temporary
duty. ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦¦•-... •.•....¦/..'... •
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Captain Charles E. Stanton, Army
Paymaster, Goes From San
Francisco to Denver.
LTKX. Mas* , Am. 3.— Mr*. Jean Margaret
T>avenport Lander, widow of General Frederick
\V Lander, end known an an actress for two
vein in this country and Jn Europe, Is dead
here Et the ftffe of 7« years.
HARTFORD C1TY, ; Ind.. Aug. 3.-
George Hearshey, an invalid aged 19
years, while hunting squirrels on his
father's farm near here at noon to-day
was approached by two prowling negroes.
They grabbed the boy, searched his cloth
ing for money and, finding none, tore his
clothing from. him. While one negro held
him another mutilated him with a knife.
The boy succeeded in home.
He told his story, and his father gave
the alarm, mounted a horse and called
for volunteers to wreak vengeance on the
fleeing negroes. Two hundred men and
boys joined In the , chase. Neighboring
farms and towns. were warned by tele
phone and the country was scoured. No
trace of the negroes was found. The
hunt proceeded until nightfall. The Sher
iff with a detachment of deputies and
police followed the mob to prevent a
lynching if possible.
/ DOWN1EVILLE, Auir. 3.— Georsjc Haskins
a prominent citizen of Forest City, committed
suicide here last night about 11 o'clock by
•hooting himself through the heart with a re
volver. The act la said to have been caused
by domestic trouble. He was a carpenter by
trade and an undertaker at Forest City.
Their Crime the Muti
lation of an Invalid
Youth.
Jockey Ransch Pilots the Winner.
¦ PARIS, Aug. 3.— %V. K. Vanderbilt's
Vestal, ridden by the American Jockey
Ransch, won the Prix du Premier Pas at
Caen to-day. Vanderbilt's Marigold was
unplaced in the Grand St. I^eger de
SALT LAKE. Utah, Aug. 3.— The sched
uled twenty-round contest between Chi
cago Jack Daly and Jery McCarthy of
Butte was given to McCarthy in the third
round on a foul. The men mixed it from
the start, but McCarthy's blows were the
more telling and In the second round Daly
began deliberately butting. He did this
again in the third round and the referee
promptly stopped the light and awarded
it to McCarthy. The affair almost ended
In a free-for-all fight, the two contest
ants mixing it up merrily for a minute.
PARIS. Aug. .1.— The funeral of Lieutenant
Colonel Almon Rockwell. U. S. A., retired
whofe death was announced on Saturday took
place to-day at the American Episcopal Church
Chicago Jack Daly Loses on a Foul.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 3.— At the time of the
earthquake last night the last car to
Alum Rock was seven minutes behind
time and thereby escaped what might
have been a serious disaster. The car. had
passed through the tunnel In the canyon
when It was compelled to stop by the
presence of huge bowlders which the
earthquake had sent rolling down the hill.
The track was blocked for a long dis
tance. " ¦¦: .-¦". > ;'-
Car. Escapes Falling Bowlders.
' SEATTLE. Aug. J.— Following is a num
mary, of to-day> racing at The Meadows:
Fne forlonp* — Kl!l» G!*n wen Bailie Good
win fwcond. I*«t Or*n ihird. Time. 1:01 ',4.
Five' and a half furlong* — He*ltrned won.
Oorre Berry M-cond. Colonel Bogey third.
Tim#. 1:10.
.Third racp. s«=ven furlor.es— Cambarere* won.
nrown I'rinc* second, flaudalor third. Time
Fourth race, one mil* — Royalty won Gold
Finder second. I O I" third. Tim*. l:41'i.
.Fifth race, five, furlongs — Colonel Van" won.
XlacFlecnoe second, Goddos* of Night third
Tt»Ee. 1 :01.
« t»ev»>n furlong* — Mountebank won, Alfruda
second. G*-oTze Dewcjr third. Time. 1 :*js.
Winners of Seattle Races
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 3.-The City
Council to-day voted to amend the or
dinance against selling pools within
the city limits so as to permit of poolsell
ing and bookmaking at Agricultural Park
during the fifteen days' fall race meet.
This removes the last obstacle in the way
of the plan to hold a fall race meet. Work
la progre?slng rapidly on the new Ascot
Park racetrack just outside the city lim
its. Contractor Allen, who built all the
tracks around San Francisco, is in charge
of the work and expects to complete it by
November 15.
Council Permits Poolselling.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 3.— Tha Stats
Board of Equalization to-day assessed the
United Railways of San Francisco at
S20.150.OCO. This includes roadbed, rails*,
rolling stock and franchise. The remalrt
der of their property Is assessed by the
local assessor.
Figures Run a Oood Amount Above
the Twenty-Million
Hark.
EQUALIZERS ASSESS
THE UNITED RAILWAYS
SALT LAKE. Utah, Aug. 3.— The "West
ern Pacific Railroad, which is to build
from the Pacific Coast to Salt Lake via
the Beckwith Pass, has' commenced ac
tive operations on the east end of tha
contemplated route. A surveying party
in command of B. F. House left hers
last nieht for a point near Reno. Nev..
where the line crosses the Southern Pa
cific. This surveying party will bring tha
line across the desert to Salt Lake. Tha
party is a large one and the work will
be rushed.
Western Pacific Company Begins
Active Operations on East End
of Proposed Route.
WILL BUILD RAILROAD
THHOUQH BECK. WITH PASS
The Oakland Transit Consolidated was
awarded a franchise for a connecting line
on Piedmont avenue and Pleasant Valley
avenue for $500. The franchise also in
cluded one thousand feet on Talcott ave
nue, but Attorney Engs. for the company,
said that it would be abandoned.
A. C. Schleslnger filed a protest against
the payment of a fee to Guy C. Earl as
attorney for the Auditor in the t>uit over
the Contra Costa Water Company's bills.
An ordinance allowing $1OK) for Earl's
services was passed to print.
OAKLAND, Aug. 3.— The City Council
to-night finally passed the ordinance to
regulate and license boxing contests In
this city. Under the measure, which has
received unofficial approval by the Mayor,
incorporated athletic clubs, under certain
restrictions, can give professional or ama
teur contests, under police supervision,
but with permission first obtained from
the board of police and^fire commission
ers. The law is framed to prevent •'mush
room" clubs' from engaging In the bus
iness of promoting boxing exhibitions.
City Auditor Breed reported that there
would ,b« a credit balance on the city's
books for the last fiscal year, after the
Council had made certain transfers of
funCs for which he asked to-nisrht. An
amount of SI 0,558 was left with which to
meet bills not yet paid, but the Auditor
said this would not all be required to
clean up all outstanding bills against the
year 1902-3 ended June 30. He also re
ported that the assessment rolls and his
annual estimate would b«» filed this week.
City Council Takes Action to Curb
Tendencies of "Mush
room" Clubs.
PASSES AN ORDINANCE
TO REGULATE BOXING
FIENDISH BLACKS
ELUDE LYNCHERS
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs,
two-year-olds, purse: ""«»#
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin
7 to 1— To Ran lfa (Gannon)..... 1 {* 1 •»
« to 1— Juv.Maxlm. 110 (Callahan) 3 2 2 h
" J£ J ~ Av *»«er. 107 (Hicks) 7 3 3 •» ¦
Time, 1:07 4-5. Start bud. Won- driving
VUnner, Pleasance Stable's b. f. by St. Blaise-
Algae. Laocoon 105. Magdala 04, Ganonogue
FOURTH RACK-One and' a quarter mile*,
fcaratora handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ?: Fin
13 to 5— Waterboy. 127 (Odom)... 5 1 1 £
15 to 1— Hunter Kalne,107(Cochrn;ll « 2 3
w > to 1— Caughnawaga. 109(Jenk'B) 4 3 3 2
Time. 2:0T>;i-5. Start fair. Won driving
vk inner. J. B. Haggin's br. c. by Watercress-
Zealandia. Heno 120, Gunfire 122, Gold
smith 114, Hermia 123. Injunction 102 Afrl
ffliW"" 1 " 107 ' also ran - South
THIRD RACE— Five and a hair furlongs;
Flash staked; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
25 to 1— Tlppecanoe, 127 (Hicks).. 9 5 1 h
o to 1 — Ormonde's Rlcht 125
(O'Xelll) g 7 2 »i
0 to 1— Montreson. 117 (Redfern). 2 4 3 3
in \V I;. 08 ' 8 tart Won driving.^ Wln-
3 er '» * 2£" Zel * ler '» eh- -c- by CayuiA-Men
dacity. Batts 11 ,, Euphrata 114, Dimple 114,
Reliance 117, Rapid Water 117. Moharlb 117
Strephon 117, Crown Prince 117, also ran.
_SKCOXD RACE— About . two and a half
rn|]f»; Hunters' steeplechase: • ;
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
S> to 5— Rockstorm, 140 (G. Green) 2 1 10
11 to 5— The Virginian, 154 (Dnhu) 3 2 2 2
U J° &— I>ouble Thong, 153 (Mara) 1 3 3
Time, S:24. Start good. Won easily/ win
ner, T Hitchcock Jr.'s ch. g. by Potomac-
Brown Prlncets. Double Thong fell, remounted
and finished; Ten Below Zero 145. refused.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 1 — Chuctanund, 11B (Jnkns) 3 2 1 h
" to 10— L. Lorlng, 114 (Burns). 1 1 2 10
100 to 1— Sadducee. 110 (Rice)... 2 3 34
lime, 1:12 1-0. Start good. Won cleverly.
\v inner, J. Sanford's b. h. by Laureate-La
fosca. Eorl of Warwick 110, also ran.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Stalwart, iDivinatlon,
Baseful.
Second race— Trinity Bell, Knight
of Rhodes, Agnes D.
Third t race— Dolly Spanker, Rev
eille, Applause.
Fourth race — Wild Thyme, Aatar
ita, Judith Campbell.
Fifth race— King Pepper, Irene
Lindsey, Unmasked.
. Sixth race— Gimcrack, Africander,
Dramatist.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
Thl.-d race, five and a half furlongs; maiden
two-year-olds— Mineola 109, Bobadll 112 Dolly
Spanker 100, Tamarax 112. Revelllj 112, Ap
plauee 101). Glad Tidings 100.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles on
turf, the Alabama, three-year-old fillies — Girdle
124 Judith Campbell — . Qravlna 110, Saloni
lOfl. Rockmart 10«, Stamping Ground 11«
Stolen Moments 124, Wild Thyme llfl. Eugenia
Burch 11«, Ada Nay 110, Astarlta 124.
Fifth race, six furlongs, three-year-oldi and
upward, felling— Knight of Rhodes 108 Yard
arm 107. Birch Broom 103 8weet Billle 106
Parisfcnne 97, King Pepper 103. Irene Llndsey
10«. Elsie L 100. Unmasked 113.
Sixth race, one mile, three-year-olds — Glm
crack 10J), Onatas 110, Canajoharle 100. High
Chancellor 10ti. Dramatist 114 S'ave 100
Africander 120.
First race, five and a half fur-lone*, two
year-olds — Stalwart 115. Mineola 115. Cold
Saint 10.t, Arietta 100, Bobadll 10:5, St. Val
entine 103, Delhi 103. Spring 113, Hu.Wul 115.
Memories 100. Axtec 115, Divination 112. Abbell
103, Gay Lothario 103. Belle of Wakefleld 100,
Rain or Shine 115, Knobhampton 1J», Gold
uplnk 115, Hlchball 115. Cattcine 115.
Second race.- one mile, three- Vear-olJs and
upward, selling — Knight of Rhodes 111, Lady
Potentate 10rt, Trinity Bell 1(K{. Rostand 101,
Dinksle so. Acnes D 111
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
SARATOGA. Aug. 3. — Weather clear; track
fan. Entries:
Fifth race, 2:15 class trot, three-year-olds
purse $1000— Tireless won. Mary Gage second'
Lord Roberts third.' Time, 2:141,, 2:15%
Fourth race. 2:19 class trot, purse $12CO—
Dan T. won the third and fourth heats and
the race. Time. 2:00. 8:125.;. Monte Carlo
won the first heat and second mnoey. in 2:0»ij.
Lord Vincent won the 'second heat' and third
money. In 2:10%. Dulce Cor. The Roman
Maxlne, A. J. D. and Baron Deshay also start
ed.
Second race. 2:12 class, trot, purse $2000—
Billy Buck won the second and third heats and
|» ce - Tim.. 2:101/, . 2:1114. Francis .B. won
the first heat in 2:13:$i. AUIe Wood. Haw
thorne nnd Anna Held also started.
™ T l!}f. d race * 2:12 class P acf . Pur.«e $1000—
Dlabllto won the first and third heats and
race. Time .2:11%; 2:11*. Hal Chaffln won
the^ second heat in 2:10?i. StratuUne. Miss
Wlllamount. Donna McGregor. Plumbllne and
Merrymasttr also started. .
»« t mk ',\. pace - pur * e "200— Tom Keene
won. Trilby Direct second. Ebony King third
.-"If' . :C0 - • Sart| e- Baron and Rector also
BUFFALO, Aug. ¦$.— The Buffalo Driv
ing Club's grand circuit meeting opened
to-day at Kenllwoith track. The weather
was fine, but the 'track was a bit slow
Summary:
Billy Buck Wins the 2:12 Class
Trot and a Purse of
S2C00.
BUFFALO DRIVING CLUB
OPENS CIRCUIT MEETING
CALIFORNIA HORSE WHICH IS
'TURF CHAMPION OF THE
EAST. i . * '
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 3.— Superior hitting
won to-day's game t<ft Brooklyn from Phila
delphia. The home team failed to get a hit off
Schmidt after the third Inning. The fielding of
both teams was eplendld. Attendance, 1700.
Score: - .-/,; •
~ R. H. E.
Brooklyn ...Y.'.Y... 7 13 3
Philadelphia .45 2
Batteries — Schmidt and Jacklitscb; Fraser
and Roth. Umpire — Johnstone.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 3. — St. Louis won from
Plttsburg to-day. Pittshurg got off In the lead
by* scoring two runs In the third,- their only
tallies of the game. St. Louis by a game ef
fort tied the score in the sixth and scored the
winning run In the eeventh. Attendance, 1300.
Bcore:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 10 0
Pittsburg 2 9 0
Batteries— Murphy and Ryan; Falkenburg,
Leever and Smith. Umpire — O'Day.'
BOSTON, AugV 3,— Jfew York »core<J three
NATIONAL LEAGUE
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 3.— St. Louis took the open-
Ing game with Chicago In good fashion to.
day. Slevers pitched a loose game. Powell
went In with Slattery at the bat In the ninth
and fanned him for the third out. Attendance,
8200. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis r. 0 2
Chicago 3 11 . 1
Batteries — Sievers, , Powell and Sugden;
Flaherty and Slattery.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 3. — Donovan's base on
balU in the ninth, forcing in a run, cost De
troit the game. Joss pitched excellently after
the first inning. Attendance, 300O. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 6 » 1
Detroit 4 7 4
Batteries — Joss and Bemls; Donovan and
Buelow.
Philadelphia 5 S 1
Batteries — Howell and Bevllle; Plank and
Powers. • . . / '¦¦
WASHINGTON.- Aug. 3.— Ratting honors
were about even, but Washington bunched
five Flngles In the seventh Inning and won to
day's game handily. Kronen's InOeld work was
the feature. Attendance, 1700. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington . .*. n 0 . 0
Boston 2 a 1
Batteries — Orth and KlttreUge; Ulbson and
Crlger.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3. — In a game absolutely
devoid of any exciting incidents, Philadelphia
beat New York to-day. The fielding of the
locals was not as sharp as usual, except In the
sixth. Attendance, 3072. Score:
R. II. E.
New York 2 8 :i
Philadelphia Beats New York in a
Contest Devoid of Any Excit
ing Features.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
SARATOGA, Aug. 3.— It would re
quire great courage on the part of
any critic to decry the perform
ance of Waterboy, who ran the
best race of his career and won
the rich Saratoga handicap, worth $9000
j to the winner, after a drive through the
! homestretch with Hunter Raine. These
j two drew away on the last furlong, caus
| ing tremendous excitement when it ap
! peared for a moment as if the grand
i black horse, which had so nobly wlth
! stood the challenge of every contender,
| was In grave danger of losing the rich
I race to erratic Hunter Raine, who on
i seme of his performances was the very
last horse that the average racegoer
thought stood a chance. But, thanks to
¦ the energy and ability of Odom, this
catastrophe was averted, and Waterboy
! endured punishment, withstood the rush
1 of Hunter Raine and won by about three
: quarters of a length In 2:05 3-5, which
equaled the track record, made by G. 13.
Morris' Cunard last year. i
There was, however, great difference in
the weight carried by Cunard and Water
boy. The latter had up 127 pounds, and
the track was deeper to-day than it was
last year. Hence the merit of Waterboy'a
victory appeals to most onlooKers as
something far beyond any race recently
run.
Still old turfmen said, when the event
was well over and the enthusiasm had
thoroughly effervesced, that so many or
dinary horses were so close to the win
ner" as to discount the performance.
Hunter Raine, it is true, is hard for the
ordinary racegcer to properly gauge, but
when It Is seen that both Goldsmith and
Gunfire were decisively beaten, and that
¦there were no accidents that caused their
defeat, the fact remains that if Water
boy's record Is not a very high-class per
formance then there are no racers of class
in the East.
Hunter Raine's excellent race was to
have been expected, for his party played
him heavily to be third, and to a moder
ate extent to win. George Odom told
Willie Shields that at the head of the
stretch he feared Hunter Raine was go
ing to win, but Cochran took a steadying
pull on the Shields horse and Odom sud
denly stole away with Waterboy, which
move really won him the race. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; all flge«; purse:
BOSTON LOSES GAME
TO WASHINGTON TEAM
SIXTH RACE— One mile, three-year-olds
and up, selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. %• Fin.
7 to 10— Vlncennes, 1(« '(O'Neill). 5 2 12
20 to 1— St Sever, 105 (Fuller).. 3 3 2%
10 to 1— Easy Street.109 (Redfern) 8 6 3 h
Time.- 1:40 4-5. Start bad. Won handily.
Winner. J. .A. Drake's b. g. by VIctory-IHIsee.
John Barleycorn 101, James F 88, Caithness
09. Dfnksle- JSS. Kalif 113, Somerset 101. Eva
Russell 1*0, Gold Cell 103, Highlander 112, also
ran.
100, Tommy Rot 107, Bluish 102, Red Light
fK>. For Luck 04. Brooklyn 92, Long Distance
102, St. Jolly 1C2, also ran.
Both boats broke out spinnakers and
balloon jib topsails for the run back to
the finish line. All the way home the
challenger ran like a witch In a freshen
ing breeze. Shamrock I was more than a
mile astern of the challenger at the finish.
ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS, N. J., Aug.
3.— With all the luck against her,' Sham
rock III to-day again proved herself a
splendid racer in light winds by beating
her pacemaker. Shamrock I. nine minute3
and fifty-seven seconds In a thirty-mile
windward and leeward race off Sandy
Hook. | The wind was not better than five
knots when the boats crossed the line.
f The boats got away on different tacks.
Shamrock I heading off shore, while the
challenger started toward the Jer3ey
shore. An hour after the start Shamrock
III was nearly a mile ahead, though not
to windward.
When both boats headed for the mark
the challenger still led. Shamrock I. in
the windward position, fetched the turn,
but Captain Wringe had to make two
short tacks.
Shamrock III Defeats Her Pacemaker
and Proves Her Worth in
Light Winds.
ENGLISH CHALLENGER
RUNS LIKE A WITCH
COWES, Augr. 3.— The -Solent yachting
season, which opened to-day with
matches under the auspices of the Lon
don Yacht Club, promises to be more
than usually interesting. The presence of
King Edward and Queen Alexandra guar
antees the social part of the event and
the races will be up to the average. The
fleet of pleasure yachts at Cowes includes
many large steamers, but H. D. Drexel's
Margarita dwarfs all with the exception
of the roya? yacht Victoria and Albert.
The other* American yachts are Allison
Armour's Utawana and Mrs. Robert Goe-
let's Noahma, while among the racers the
German Emperor's yacht Meteor and
Herr Watjen's Navahoe represent Ameri
can yacht building yards. "
A smart westerly wind ¦ was blowing
when the fleet of cruisers started on a
thirty-mile course for a cup worth 60
guineas presented by the vice commodore
of the club. There were five entries. The
gaff of Sir James Fender's yawl Brunhllde
snapped just before she crossed the line,
while immediately after the Therese car
ried away her bowsprit, leaving Eckford's
Namara. Donaldson's Bona and Kerr's
Valdora to compete for the prize.
The race for the rear commodore's cup,
value 110 iruineas_ brought up three
schooners. The German Emperor's Me
teor led over the line, with Cicely on her
weather beam and Cayley's Adela close
astern. In the course of the first round
the Cicely carried awajr her gaff and the
Meteor led to the end of the round.
A number of other minor handicap races
started.
¦ The King landed at Cowes this morn-
Ing and visited the Duchess of Manches
ter, who, with her sister and the Hon.
and Mrs. George Keppel, are among the
guests of M. Pekluskl at Egypt House.
The Meteor and the Haldora won their
respective rp.ces.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 3.— Six ordinary events
i were run off at Delmar Park this after
noon. There was no particular feature to
j the sport. Jockey Booker landed Miss
| Mae Day" a winner of the< fourth event,
when Bas dOr. favorite in the betting,
seemed best. Booker selected the good
going, and pinning Bas d'Or between Miss
Mae Day and the fence, won by diligent
use of the whip. Summary:
FinST RACE— Mile and seventy yards. iell-
Injr.
Ilettlnsr. Horse. Weight. Jockey St. % Fin.
5 to 1— B Hemstead. 103 (McComo) '< 3 1 %
•'I to 2— Exapo. 87 (Howell) 5 2 2 8
3 to 1— l^elia May. S3 (Perkln?) 3 1 8 W
lime. 1:52V Start rood. Won driving.
Winner. J. K. Barretts h. c. by Ben Stromme
lWtie v. C. King's Finer PO. Marjcie S. 101.
General Dix 92. tdna Lome 1)2. Meddlesome
100. Fim One 9S. Quisante 102, Aransas 08,
&!fo ran.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs, selling.
Bettlns. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin ,
5 to 2— Coryota 100 (D Hall) 9 4 1 1>4
» to 0 — Angelee. 107 (A W liooker) 3 2 2 %
10 to 1— Our Lillie. 95 (Bridewell). 11 3 4
Time. 1 :00. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. T. H. Stevens' b. f.. by Governor For
aJtcr-Ks-planade. Tiomalne 102, Bush Smith
103. Bird Pond 102. Edna Daniels 100. Wootsey
Wlr.Vrd 1(J«. Bonnie Pardee 107. Enigma 100
Always Faithful 107. also ran. * ]
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. f»t. % Fin.
1 to 1— Jake. 112 (Hall) 5 i 1 %
i 6 to 1— SiFter Lillian. 100 (Austin) 9 4 2 2
10 to I— Vaina Fonso, 100 (Perkins) 2 3 3n '<
Time. 1 :)». Start gocd. Won easily. Win- I
ncr. Turney Bros.' ch. c. by Buck Massle-
I>ahlia. Whitem ICO, Ranchman 103 Blsuka
107. Jeane Keckham 100. Prince Herman 109
I'ltra Vires 109, Sue's Sister 107, LUlie Long
104. alf-o ran.
FOURTH RACE— One ir.ile; purse:
Retting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin
S to ]— Miss Mae Day. 10S (A. W.
Booker) 2 1 In
3 to 2— Bas d'Or. 107 (F. Smith). S 2 2 10
7 to 2— Stand Pat, 102 (D. Austin* 3 4 3 4
Time. 1 :43»i. Start good. Won driving. I
, Winner. \V. W. Elliott's br. m. by Hermence- j
Aola I.ala. W. B. Gate. 102, Maud Gonne 100, i
a!?o ran. \
¦ j
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. f; Fin
4 to 1 — H. McGowan. 1C>2 (Higns) 0 ii 1 n
11 to 5— Pretension. 107 (W.Watsn) 3 2 2 h !
4 to 1— Ingolthrift. 11 « (Brldewll) 113 2 '
Time, 1:19K. Start good. Won driving.
! Winner. H. E. Watklns & Co.'* ch. g. by
Sleipner-Rleve. Lord Hermence 110. Port
Warden 100, Black Enough 97, also ran.
SIXTH RACK — One mile and seventy yards
selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
•S to 1— Submarine. 103 fA.Bookr) 4 2 11
2 to 1— Immortelle, « (Bridewell) 2 1 2 3
t> to 1— Miss Eon. »0 (Higglns).. » « 3 10
Time. 1 :50'i. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. U, Lfmp Co.'s ch. m. by Margrave- I
Subjection. Burlap 97. Feronia 04. Eocry's !
105. Hanan 1O0. Daddy Bender 03, Lady Obey ;
1O4. 15=ndara US. also ran. j
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES. !
FT. LOriS, Aug. 3.— Weather clear; track i
¦low. Entries: i
First race, five furlongs, selling — Glenesher !
i SS. Sweet Note MS. Foxy Grandpa 97. Peach I
I Juice 1<I7. Dusty Miller 10S, Haven Run 103. j
I Rhyme and lieason 1O«J. Happy Hooligan 103.
St. Roche 10P, Dr. Cartled-e 107.
Second race, elx furlongs, selling — Harry !
Griffith 97. Helen Hay 100. EufalU 100. !
Carry's Oream 10T>, Mistle 03. Silver ' Fringe, j
1C."{, lletmuda 1*5. Dr. Kammerer 105. Jean I
Gravier 102. Tangent 105. Hetelock 105, Sid !
Silver 111.
Tliirii race, one mile and seventy yards
purse— Mollic T l'»O. Hookseaoka 100. lMt.no
I ltm. Kvea ii HM». ;
j Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Wreath of •
Ivy 97. Bugler KXI, Rn inland 105,-Wenrick 100,
Mag Xolln lOti, Forehand 109.
Kifth race, one nnd three-sixteenth miles,
selling— Sir Philip Sidney 108, Dr. Carrick 10S
Gin Spray 10T>. Kingstelle »8. Terra Incognita !
]<»¦. Kliza Dillon 1<>1. Mist-ion 100.
Sixth raw. one and a sixteenth miles sell- I
ing — Phil Archibald 1C5. False 100, Our Lady \
100, Morris Volmer 105, Baronet »$>, De Resik'e '
I«i7. South Breeze 0». Carrie Ho:>e 03. Little '
Lois !<7. Henry of Franstamar 102 Aules 103,
Mt-nace 110, L'na Price 100.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS. j
By the New York Telegraph. !
First race — Dr. Cartledge, Rhyme <
and Reason, Peach Juice.
Second race^ — Mistie, Tangent, |
Jean Gravier.
Third race — Hook Sea Oka, Lasso, [
Evea G. • j
Fourth race — Forehand, Mag No
lan, Bainl?.nd.
Fifth race— Gin Spray, Eliza Dil
lon, Kingstelle.
Sixth race — Aules, Menace, Our j
Lady. !
Special Dlfpatch to The Call
Now that the rifie.has been laid awty
all expect to see Jeff indulge in his rou
tine work more consistently. No fault
can be picked In his condition. When
questioned about the weight proposition,
Billy Delaney said he did not think Jef
fries would weigh a pound less on the
night of August 14 thaji he does to-day.
In the past, with a fight ahead of him,
the boilermaker has laid awake nights
(/reaming of methods to remove adipose
tissue and suffered from nightmare in
which he imagined that in a single night
his avordupois had suddenly Increased to
that of Fatty Blodcs. Jeff seldom step3
on the scales now, and like all flghterj
13 as secretive about It as an old maid la
of her age. It \s doubtful, though,
whether the bar would balance at 230.
The weather here continues warm and
It would not be surprising to see the
champion order his traps packed up and
take his departure for Oakland before
the week has passed. In this respect he
is freaky and changeable as the schedule
on some jerkwater railroad. His good
humor, though, is contagious. Among
the recent arrivals here is Billy Lyons,
the silver-haired philosopher of O'Farrell
street, who recently invented a speed
developer, and hopes to induce Jeffries
to give It a trial. Billy himself is a rec
crd holder, and Jeff appears to look fav
orably on the invention. Morris H. La.no
of Kmeryville, an ardent admirer of the
man from Los Angeles, is a guest at the
springs. A. crowd is looked for to-mor
row. F. E. MULHOLLAND.
HARBIN SPRINGS, Aug. 3.-There wll]
be no more, tomfoolery or glossing ovei
in the Jeffries camp. While the glanl
bollermaker thinks it is a string of pearl*
to a string of Frankfurters that tht
championship lies In no danger, and ic
fancy's mind can already hear the ch««rs
of the great crowd and picture hlmaell
counting over the winner's share of the
purse, trainer and manager Billy Delanej
occasionally reminds his charge that hot
favorites have been bowled over before.
"Jeff" went on his last deer hunt yester
day. Together with Eddie Hays, sod of
proprietor Jim Hays, the pair started ofl
on two mules at 4 o"clock a. m. and after
a long, tiresome tramp over the hills in
the scorching sun. returned home at din
ner time without having secured any
game. The hounds, according to th<j
story of the hunters, jumped three big
bucks, but never a chance for a shot.
No doubt this is true as the yarn of the
biggest fish being lost, but as JefT 13 an
unerring shot, it may require a pinch of
shot to be palatable. However, nobody
here disputed it with him.
Yesterday morning the champion again
put in six rounds at boxjng, two each
with Kitzaimmons, Joe Kennedy and Jack
Jeffries, after a couple of hours exercise
with the pulleys, light dumbbells, bag
and skipping rope. Bob^Fitzslmmons is
not a believer, in love taps and he and
Jeffries mixed things in lively fashion.
Speed, speed, speed, that is the desirable
quantity now, nnd Fitzstnamons kept the
champion chasing him continually, as it
is figured here that will be Jim Corbetta
plan of campaign. The work was so fast
that Jeff was somewhat winded at the
finish. It was mapped out for him to
box again in the evening* but he evident
ly did not think this necessary-
CHICAGO. Aug. 3-Rain fell in lor
rents for thirty minutes just before the
running of the Garden City Handicap at
Harlem to-day and completely changed
¦ the aspect of the race and caused the de
"feat of the popular colt, Dick Welles,
which, despite the sloppy track, was
made favorite at 3 to 2. With Welles
anchored by the sticky going, the handi
<appers went to- Jack Ratlin and on his
victory a tremendous killing was made.
He was eteadily pounded from 10 to 1
down to 9 to 2 ar.d then won easily by a
length and a half from Ahola. On ac
count of numerous scratches the sixth
race was dc-ciared off and the seventh
raco substituted. Summary:
FIR.ST It ACE— Six furionz*. selling:
retting. Hor*e. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
.1 to 2-Par<Hn*. 107 cHflgesen). . 3 4 11
*¦ to I— Tte Forum, J»7 < Phillips) 15 2 1
»' to 1— Ka.Wentker. 110 tKelley) S 2 3 h
• Time. 1:141-3. Start good. Won In a can
t»t. Winner. K. Corri*r»n'* ch. m. by Ma*
rfllp.w-j-'ariloriyx. Sir Hush loO. Mary Me
« afOrty 03. Iranium 103. LnuiP Wagner 1«7,
Zyrrn 1<*>,. Mayor Johnson 103. Little Mission
S3. also ran.
SECOND RACE— -Fire furlongs, purse:
H«-ttlnir. Horse. Weight. Jockey. s»t. % Fin.
5 tr>*2— K!o IV.b. 110 <Wond»rly).. » 8 1 2
»« to 1— F. Lepnert. 110 <Robbins) 2 2 2 1
7 m'l — Ocramum. JTJ « I Iel|te**n ) . . 7 6 3 1
Tim<\ l :<£. Start fair. Wen easily. Wln
r.<r. M. 11. Ticiwnor & CO b. c. by Florist
IV-b MQefOoM I?ird. Major IVlham 10.\ St.
Paris U.\ Hsndswich 80. J. P. Mayberry 105.
Floral King •*¦ R. V. William* m, Joe Ross
K3, Mim Couchltn 'M>. aUo ran.
THIRD RACE— Six furlonrs. Garden City
handlo«i>:
liming. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
¦ to 2— J. Ratlin. Kfl <P. Uonner) 2 111*?
7 to 1— Ahola. J»T (Knapp) S 3 2 a
£5 to 1— Orfeo. Ui (Treanor) 9 5 o2
Time. 1:15 :!-.">. Start {rood. Won easily.
"Winner. Gorman * Bauer's b. h. by Spenc
thrtTt-Intacta. Skillful J<wi. A. V. Gibson 1OT.,
I>trk Welles 122. Toeh 111. Golden Kule 110.
L/Etrenne 104. also ran.
FOURTH RACH— Steeplechase, «hort course:
' Betting. • Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. h Fin.
2 to 1— Golden Link. 153 'Carter) 7 .'< 1 1
•35 to 1— Tatar. 135 <M. Kelly) 112 7
5 to 1— Indian 111. 1S5 (Huston). 0 6 3 5
* Time. 3:36 2-. r t. Start good. . Won easily.
Winner. E. H. Horton's b!k. h. by Dundee-
Ruth. Ceylon 1U. Panlaker 134. Oliver Me 130,
f-'Ivp I>ash 121. Anchor 14<». also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; purse:
Cutting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
4 to 1— Postmaster Wright. 104 (S.
Hnnner) 4 3 11
¦ to 5 — McGee. 104 <Hel£e*en) S 2 2n
•6 to R-^OrpJna. !W <Treanor> 1 4 li 1
Time. I •i^l-.Y Start rood. Won easily.
Winner, J. G. Greener &- Oo.'s ch. c. by Ornut.-
Menile R. Ontonsgon 1W, My Viueen JK», also
ran.
SIXTH ' RACH— One and a sixteenth miles;
celling:
Betting. Horse. WeiRht. Jockey. St. ¦£ Fin.
:: to J — Major Tcnny. 100 <I{el^rn) S 3 11
15 *o 1 — Moor. lOS i A :';.i,m « 5 2 3
11 to 5 — Kllmorie. VJ «H. Phillips) 2 2 3 1
• Time, 2:00 3-r.. start good. Won easily.
Winner. S. C. HilJreths br. g. by Tenny-Rose.
Curate KM. Bard or Avon ICO. Goltiaga loti,
The Lad>-sn 107, Maroos 100. Jack Doyle 100, |
Barney Burk 5«», Fox Flyer KC. also ran.
HABLEM ENTBIES.
-CHICAGO. Ai:?. 3.— Weather threatening;
track muddy. Harlem entries:
• Firrt race five furlong! maidens — Tootsey
Mack 115. Kva C'.air 112 Justine Morell lOfl.
I,Ib*rty BcU lft». Tapiola lCt», Gayosa 1«>.
Outwai HKi. Alameda 103 Annora J 103, Go
dfx 103. Or the Rhine 103. Away Kijtht 1O.{.
.Fecor.d race. *lx furlong* — Oronte 105 Bar
dolph 1CB. Collonade 102. Sylvia Talbo't 1O*»
Americano 102. St Minur 102, Gypiene «7*
Floronica S7. Anoke 97.
Third race, one and an eighth mil"*, handi- I
c?.r>— Li;clen Applcby 112. Bragg JOT. Harris
105. Hermencia joo. Bondage »9 Berne Mc-
Carthy 98.
Fourth' race, one pille and seventy yard*—.
qti* 112. Moranda HH. Aladdin 10O Inventor!
lf«» -Tom Curl l«tt. Jlossmond J)S I^uralightfr
8'j. Florence H WJ. Mamwlle M.'
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs selling —
1 Falkland 1GT.. Banwell nn. P«nd Ki3 Hrtiry
Lyons 1KI, Frefkman 101 Eiie 100 Mingore
¦100, Hello the C*t HA, I>oui!" Kraft VS Glisten
its. Apollinaris M,
Sixth ra^e. one mile and 100 yard? selUr.p-
¦Tx>u Wood* 108. Larr>- Wilt ic»< Myth lt;T
Ivjalsville 10<:. Dodie S. 100, Barrica 1«4 i
Pronta : 104. Galba 103 C. B. Campb-ll I«j2 i
Alee 102. Flaunt 102. Major Dixon 102. T-ndy
Matchless 9S. Bob Franklin 9S l^ady Char
lotte 38.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
By tbe Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Outwai. Codex. Liberty i
Bell.
Sfecond race — St. Minor, Oronte,
Sylvia Talbot.
Third race — Bondage. Lucien A]?
pleby, Bragg.
' fourth race — Aladdin, Rossmond,
Tom Curl.
Fifth race — Glisten, Appollinaris, j
Henry Lyons.
Sixth race — BaiTica, Bob Franklin, ;
Pronta.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Contest at Oowes.
King Edward and Queen
Alexandra Witness the .
Seems in Best of Condition
and Will Keep Hard
at Work.
Selects the Best Going and
Keeps Contender Pinned
to the Rail.
Sharp Rainfall Just Before
Race Causes Defeat of
. ' Dick Welles.
The Emperor's Racer
Easily Defeats Her
Competitors.
Jeffries Goes on His
Last Hunt Before
Battle.
Jockey Booker's Good
Ride Gives Mare the
Purse.
Mudlark Wins Garden
City Handicap at
Harlem.
Sets His Own Pace Throughout, Stalls Off the Challenge of Every
. Contender, and in a Furious Contest Down the Stretch
With Hunter Raine Earns the Decision by Almost a Length
YACHT METEOR
WINS THE CUP
HEAVY PLUNGE
ON JACK RATLIN
MISS MAE DAY
BEATS BAS D'OR
CHAMPION LAYS
THE RIFLE ASIDE
WATERBOY TAKES SARATOGA
HANDICAP IN DRIVING FINISH
THE/SAN-^rRA-NC^
8
.-,--.-- l --^;.-^-^_ -,_-,,-,_, ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCROFULA we di inher!t.
scesses, skin eruptions, loss of strength and weakness in muscles and joints.
famil" blTod a t e int 1Se^ e ™* t " 1CeaMe . * almoSt every inSta ° Ce t0 SOme
Scrofula is bred in the f^JJ&».*\ Scrofula appeared on the head of my
bone, IS transmitted fedSf&5ft«H li . ttle trrandchild when only 18 months
from parent to child. WZg ffi 5F s d ea% P eTe d X t r t P t^e7tne^ y eS\ d n y d
the seeds are planted in ¥l X\ we * ea r«d she would lose her sipht. Em-
.• r. n(> ,. __ j f;_i^__ +u (k !C/ inent physicians were consulted, bnt
infancy and unless the _. A -T/ could do nothing to relieve the little in-
blood IS purged and pu- ' JSswKa'jd'- n ocent. It was then that we- decided to
rifipH inH pvf-.rtr «t n m n ( ¦•^WSiSiS^ try S> s - s - That medicine at once made
rinea ana e\ ery atom of P 9 ?^^" a «Peedy and complete cure. She is now
the taint removed Scrof- Y i r » younirlady, and haa never had a sig-n
ula is sure to develop at . RftR v ° f the d * MM i&!«B& BEBXZ.T '
some period in your life. ° South 6th Street. Salina, Kan.'
.ntu^^?' ?.S. as a cure for Scrofula. Itcleanses and builds
¦s^iSs^ 1 js 8 ? 8 it nch an< ? pure « and * nder the tonic effects ° f this
great Blood Remedy, the general health improves, the digestive organs are
S/^S SZ^% f tren gthened, and there is a gradual but sure return
(Ql (O 1 . °. health - The deposit of tubercular matter in the
kj^YY |^j\ J ol nts and glands is carried of? as soon as the blood
1S restored to a normal condition, and the sores, erup-
c oo . turns, and other symptoms of Scrofula disappear.
nnriL.nH'S^Tf Purely vegetable and harmless; an ideal blood
purifier and tome that removes all blood taint and builds up weak constitu-
SSr case" fiSSStod*^^ V*™* *" Wh ° ° S ab ° Ut
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., A TLANTA, GAm
'• r ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVANA CIGARSLate Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, August .1
Schr Mary C. Campbell. 8 hours fm Iiod»ea
DOMESTIC PORT8. '
MENDOC1NO— Sailed Auk 3— Stmr Green
wood, for San Franclcco.
Arrived Aug 2 — Schr Newark, hence July Si
SAN. DIEGO— Sailed Auk 3— Schr Alvena!
f 0r ; Ger ship Urania, for .
TACOMA— Sailed Au«r 3— Stmr OlVmpla. for
Yokohama.
Arrived Au* 3 — Stmr Tacoma, from Yoko
hama.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Auz 3— Br ship
Canada, for Cork.
TATOOSH— Passed in Aub 3— Stmr Mlneola,
hence July 30 for Tacoma; stmr Santa Barbara
hence July 30 for Seattle; Fr bark Pierre An
tolne, from Hongkong.
¦ABERDEEN — Arrived Aug 3— Stmr New
burg, hence July 29. . ,
Diedrich Becker. ex-Supervisor and
well known among'the wholesale and re
tail grocers of this city, passed away yes
terday at his late residence, 837 Sutter
street, after an illness of but one week.
The late Mr: Becker's last illness was oc
casioned through an accident which hap
pened to him while on a visit to his
brother-in-law at San Pablo last week.
He was riding in a buggy and leading a
young colt by a halter. The animal shied
and In trying to escape, the rope of the
halter, which Mr. Becker had twisted
round the Index finger of the left hand,
could not be unloosened and the finger
was pulled apart from the first joint. The
wound was temporarily dressed by a phy
sician, but blood poisoning set In.
Mr. Becker, who was 57 years of age
at the time of his death, was one of four
brothers who came to America from Han
over forty years ago. He leaves a widow
and four daughters, Mrs. J. E. C. von Or
sen, Mrs. A. Hansen, Mrs. E. A. Groez
inger and Miss Edna Becker.
During the years of 1889 and 1S90 Mr.
Becker served as a member of the Board
of Supervisors,* representing the old
Eighth Ward. In which he had lived a
greater portion of his life.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock from St. Markus
Church on O'Farrell otreeU
BLOOD POISONING ENDS ,
THE LIFE OF D. BECKER
PLACERVILLE, Augr. 3.-A report
reached town* this afternoon that five
men went to a ranch owned by a man
named Pine, twelve miles east of here, at
daylight to-day, and demanded break
fast. Food was cooked for the supposed
convicts, one of whom was a negro. The
men talked but little and were extremely
nervous. They remained but a short
time and departed for the mountains to
the east. Pine is said to be entirely
reliable. A posse was sent to the scene
and will take up the trail.
At Daylight fhey Nervously Enter a
Rancher's House.
CRIMINALS DEMAND FOOD.
Danny Lynch, Lind's partner, claimed
he had bet $250 on the mare and thought
she would win. All were questioned
closely by Judge Hamilton before the
ruling was announced. v^*
CHICAGO. Aug. 3.— The racing stable
of C. Llnd & Co. of San Francisco and
Jockey Treanor were suspended at the
Harlem track to-day. The cause of the
official action was the suspicious ride
upon Orsina In the fifth race by Treanor,
the Llnd mare finishing third to Postmas
ter Wright and McGee.
Orsina was given a poor ride, Treanor
taking her back from first position at the
quarter to fourth place. Then In the
stretch he made his run far too late, and,
although the mare was full of running,
he could not reach the leaders.
Owner Lind explained his orders to
Treanor by saying that in some of the
mare's races she had been sent to Ihe
front to race, but that she had faint
heartedness at that style and to-day It
was decided to have her come from be
hind. Treanor claimed those were his
orders, and that he tried to follow the
riding instructions faithfully. y
Harlem Judges Take Action After
a Suspicious Ride on
Orsina.
LIND'S RACING STABLE
AND JOCKEY SUSPENDED
treated.
William Dougherty, a longshoreman, re
siding at 10 St. Charles place, was seri
ously Injured at the Pacific Mall dock last
evening. He was engaged in unloading a
vessel when a pile of boxes toppled over,
burying him and fracturing his leg and
arm. He was removed to the Harbor Re
ceiving Hospital, whet* his injuries were
Longshoreman Injured.
The accident occurred just south of
the main station while the locomotive
was rounding a curve. Engineer Grant
was slowing down speed, entering the
railroad yards, when t:ie left side driv
ing rod broke. It flew around, tearing
away a portion of the cab. in which
Fireman Gibson was seated, and then
buried itself between two cross ties.
The engine was» violently thrown to
one side, but by the quick reversing of
the lever by the engineer was saved
from overturning. The passengers on
the train were greatly frightened by the
sudden stop and violent jar but were
not injured. Fireman Gioson It is feared
received internal injuries.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 3. — A serious ac
cident on the California Northwestern
Railroad was only averted to-day by the
prompt action of Engineer Harry Grant.
Fireman William Gibson, however, was
badly injured.
Locomotive Driving Rod Breaks and
Destroys a Portion of
the Cab.
ACCIDENT TO ENGINE
INJURES A FIREMAN
Harry Forbes, the champion bantam
pugilist of the world, will arrive In this
city to-night. He comes from Chicago to
battle twenty rounds with Frankle Neal
on the evening of August 13. Out of the
proceeds of this battle the Yosemlte Ath
letic Club will pay the expenses Incurred
by Frank McConnell, who was Injured in
a boxing bout six months ago.
As preliminaries to the contest Jockey
Bennett of Sacramento and Monte Attell
will be matched to box ten rounds. If
Attell should decline to meet Bennett,
young Bobby Johnson will be substituted.
Jack Cordell and Georgie Fuller will box
ten rounds the same evening. The club
is trying to match Joe Millet and Sammy
Berger for a ten-round bout, but will not
succeed, as Berger hopes to be reinstated
in the amateur ranks.
Forbes will go Into active training at
Sheehan's. on the ocean beach, or at the
Hayes Valley Athletic Club rooms. Neal
is working out at Croll's. Alameda. The
youngster has been there for the past
week and is rounding into great form.
Bantam Champion of World Expected
to Arrive To-Night and Will
' Go Into Training.
HARRY FORBES COMING
TO FIGHT FRANK NEAL
Fairfax H . Whcelan. H. L. Tickner. W. H.
Hammer. John R. Aitken. F. A. Prackbon.
Thomas Ruthledge. H. A. Keeler. Albert
Schrumpf Adolph Wolters. Edwin T. McMur
ray John J. Cassidy. Adolph Eberhart. - The
Sunset members will select two delegates to
complete the ticket. ,,¦
The chair was instructed to appoint an
executive committee, and a finance com
mittee for the coming campaign.
The following delegates were proposed:
Judge Aitken instanced many startling
scandals that had occurred In the mu
nicipal governments of Philadelphia, Mil
waukee and Chicago, without reflecting
on the civic government of San Francisco,
but showing how necessary, he said, it
was to have the best of men in office.
If they -could not send delegates to the
convention without consulting Martin
Kelly and other "bosses" he would ad
vise them not to send them at all. He
advised the voters to elect men who
would emulate the better things of the
Eastern cities and not tolerate a forest,
otherwise telegraph poles, on the public
thoroughfares of the city.
The permanent officers elected were:
Edwin T. McMurray. president: John J.
Cassidy, secretary, and John H. Gray.
treasurer.
Judge John R. Aitken. speaking of good
government and the necessity of select
ing the best of men as civic representa
tives, said that the party was going to
elect officers from the top to ,the t bottom
of thf ticket. In telling of the strong
sort of man desired as Mayor he alluded
to what he called the present condition
of tearing up streets and having streets
unrepaired. He denounced the want of
proper, school accommodation and cited
the condition of one school where the
stairs were actually rotten.
The Citizens' Republican Club of the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District was or
ganized last night^at Richmond Hall, 'E.
T. McMnrrav in the chair.
GOOD MEN NEEDED.
Other speakers were Edward Aigel
tinger, F. W. Clement, D. F. Crowley,
Charles Leonhardt, P. W. Lannon, Albert
Mayer, M. Schwartz, Joseph Wertheimer
and A. Fromberg. £S f
An address to the voters of the district,
urging them to elect an unpledged delega
tion to the municipal convention, was
adopted. The address, signed by A. B.
Truman, president, and N. Schwartz, sec
retary, sets forth:
This district, like other parta of the city,
has been subject to the domination of bosses.
whose rule has always given us corrupt gov
ernment and corrupt officials. Under the
primary election law enacted by the Legisla
ture, the people will now have fair primary
elections and an honest count, and all good
citizens should therefore take part In primary
elections in this district.
Let us down the bosses. For the past ten
years the delegates In this district have been
¦old out and delivered to the bosses, the con
sideration beln? the placing of five people to
work In the City Hall. Let Independent, hon
est Republican manhood elect an unpledged
and independent delegation. I*et us have pure
politics and an honest administration of mu
r.lclpal affairs.
The following is a list of the delegates
selected, by the chib:
Hugh J. Owens. Albert Mayer, Frank Robb,
CioorBe K. Bunner. John C. Lut«. Arthur F.
Franklin. Jos. Wertheimer, William Goeti?.
Percy McKlnley. A. Fromberg. M. J. Kelly,
Carl Wahl. William Dressier, D. F. Crowley.
James C. Bourbln. William p. Cole. Louis
Hanke David 8. Reynolds. Joseph Springer.
F H. 'Clement. N. Schwartz. Aaron J. Barry,
f! W. Thompson. Felix Gross and Charles
Leonhardt.
went to prove that he was not a Repub
lican.
OAKLAND, Aug. 3.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued to-day by the
County Clerk: Lowell Sillman, 26, and
Emma G. Fitzgerald, 21, both of Oakland;
Frank E. Dillon, 29, and Blanche A. Reit
zell, 22, both of Illinois; [Frederick R.
Bammann. over 21, Alameda, and Sophie
M. Spies, over 18, Oakland; Charles A.
Gregory, over 21, and Anice B. Van
Housen, over IS, both of Berkeley; Ed
ward T. Shaw, 36, Sacramento, and Cora
E. Snelllng, 23, Red Bluff.
Marriage Licenses.
After wearying Kenny * Corbett tackled
the light punching bag and bombarded It
for half an hour. Every movement of
Jim In the ring and In the gymnasium
was noticed by Tommy Ryan, who is now
a fixture at Croll's Gardens. In the after
noon Corbett played the ancient ball
game of one old cat with his handlers and
a number of others.
Actor-boxer James J. Corbet* went back
to the gloves and punching bag at Croll's
Gardens, Alameda. yesterday, after tread
ing the green sward of Sutro Heights for
two afternoons and nights as Charles the
Wrestler In Nance O'Neil's open-air pre
sentation of "As You Like It." His brief
surcease from training work caused the
pugilist to take on avoirdupois. Corbett
weighed 186>4 pounds stripped yesterday.
He expects to be near this notch, or a few
pounds heavier, when he goes up against
the bulky champion, James J. Jeffries.
Swift arm and foot work was what Cor
bett aimed at in his boxing and bag
punching yesterday. He flew around Yank
Kenny for seven rounds like a moving
picture, smashing his big sparring partner
at will and getting away without having
his hair mussed. It is thought that In the
plan of the battle he is to engage in with
the boiler-maker Corbett will do the mos
quito jabbing act. occasionally to annoy
the massive Jeffries into slashing the
atmosphere. In the game of clip, poke
and duck out of range of flying gloves
the ex-champion is generally regarded as
the peer of any of the heavyweights.
Goes Back to His Training at Croll's
Gardens With Avoirdupois
Somewhat Increased.
CORBETT GAINS WEIGHT
IN ROLE OF CHARLES
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.— In the opinion
of officials of the Navy Department ex
perience Is the teacher from which naval
officers have learned the lesson that the
American neg-ro is unfit for service In the
Amfrican navy, and that the sooner he
is eihr.lr.ated the better it will be for the
• »ervic*\ There Is no law on the statute
i?oo\f? against the enlistment of negroes
.in the naw, nor is it contemplated that
• iny shall be put there.
; The negro's unfltness for the navy lies
.not in his color, but in his quality. He
has beer» tried in the service and found
• wanting, according to recruiting offi
cers, who declare that the class of ne
, sroes applying for enlistment is far be
•low the lowest class of whites that apply,
and as a result few negroes are enlisted.
In an enlisted force of nearly 29,000 men
lo-day only about 500 are negroes, and
"the number is said to be decreasing rap
idly owing to the large number of dis
charges which are made necessary by
their failure to make good as sailor
m'en.
Anticipating that these facts might be
used by enemies of the administration
with a view to political advantage, naval
officers have been instructed that they
:ire to examine carefully every applicant
'for enlistment, whether white or black,
and that the same requirements are to be
".applied to each-
In the hope that the negroes might be
<>l use as servants during the summer
maneuvers, the recruiting officers were
instructed to keep a sharp lookout for ap
plicants for such duty. Few negroes of
.necessary qualifications were found.
." Aside from this unfltness. friction has
for a long time existed between the ne
pro eailcr men and their white associates.
Department Officials Say the Negro
Is Not "Making Good"
as a Sailor.
COLORED MEN ARE NOT
WANTED IN THE NAVY
Robert A. Thompson'Is a descendant in
the third generation of- the Rev. John
Thompson, rector of St. Mark's parish,
Culpepper County, Virginia, 1720-1772. He
was married In 1861 to Miss Elizabeth P.
West of Norfolk, Va. In 1852 he came
across the plains to California and set
tled upon a farm in Vallejo township,
Sonoma County. The first public position
he held was chairman of the Board of
Supervisors of that i county. Returning
to Sonoma he became associated with his
brother, Hon. T. L. Thompson, United
States Minister to Brazil, and . his
brother, Frank P. Thompson, ex-State
Printer of California, in the editorial con
trol of the Sonoma Democrat. In 1877 he
was elected County Clerk of Sonoma
County and was re-elected to this office
three successive terms. In 18S2 he was
appointed by President Cleveland ap
praiser for the port of San Francisco,
which position he held during all of
Cleveland's first term. He leaves five
children. Lieutenant William R. of the
army; Reginald, an attorney of Portland,
Or.; Mrs. Dean Whittaker of Peterson,
N. J.; Mrs. P. Deady of Portland and
Miss Bettfe Thompson of San Rafael. The
funeral will take place on Thursday In
Santa Rosa and will be under the auspices
of the Masons. . ?
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 3.— Robert A.
Thompson Jr. of Santa Rosa died in this
city to-night after a short Illness at the
age of 72 years. Mr. Thompson was not
only one of the earliest pioneers of the
State, but a prominent politician. He had
been ailing for. many months, but for the
past two months had been confined to his
bed at the home of Mrs. G. W. Hule at
138 Forbes avenue In this city.
DEATH MAKES CALL
FOB PROMINENT PIONEER
Robert A. Thompson. Jr., Well
Known in the State, Dies at
San Rafael.
In the Circuit Court Judge Ryan sen
tenced Julius Lehmann. former member
<ijf .the House of Delegates, to seven
years' imprisonment in the .penitentiary
on the charjje of bribery in connection
•with the city lighting boodle deal. On
.request of Circuit Attorney Folk, the
passing of sentences on Charles F. Kelly,
former Speaker of the House, and for
mer Delegates Edmund Bersch and
•"harlrs .Denny was deferred. Denny was
< onvicted of porjury and the others of
bribery in connection with the same deal.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 3.— The third trial of
former Delegate Harry Faulkner, indicted
and once convicted en the charge of per
jury in connection with the Suburban boo
dle deal, bepan to-day in the Circuit
Court before Judge Douglas. Faulkner
was convicted and sentenced to two years*
imprisonment on his first trial, but the
Supreme Court reversed and remanded
The case. The second trial last week end
ed In a divided jury.
A surprise was pprunr by the defense
V>y summoning as witnesses former Dele
pates Charles F. Kelly, J. J. Hannigan.
Ix)uis Decker and Emlle Hartmann, each
cf whom had been convicted of either
Vribery or perjury.
Representative Richard J. Collins of St.
l/>uls, who is believed to know some
thing about racetrack legislation, was the
"'first Tritness examined.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Aug. 3.— A
special Grand Jury to inquire Into leg
islative boodle was impaneled this morn
ing bv Judge Hazell. In the course* of
his'charpe to the jury Judge Hazell said:
The impression widely prevails In this State
Viat dishonesty wu practiced la certain meas
ure* peniicg before the Legislature; that
••sar.fib&irirlr.it" was indulged In; that "hold
ups" were common; that legislator* resorted
?o cuestlori&ble methods and criminal acts by
'accepting money from those who were finan
. fi ::v interested In certain legislation. It Is
further the Impression that these matters nave
not Been probed to the bottom.
. We now charge you tr> make a thorough tn
vVrtlg&ticn of taew charpes against the leris-
department of our State Government,
as ¦"' ¦:: ae against all bribe-givers, and If any
one is believed to be guilty, so as to warrant
a conrirtlon. you should brlnjr In & bill or an
r',\r:-r:.rr.\ &gainst him. No good citizen should
p-^bcolt tamely and Quietly to such proceedings
as are charged against the General Assembly
arfl other*.
CARTHAGE. Mo., Aug. 3.— A BUbpena
Pas to-day served upon Colonel W. H.
Phelps, the railway attorney, at hie home
here, ordering him to appear before the
Grand Jury at Jefferson City, now Inves
tigating charges of legislative boodling,
on Thursday. Within the past two months
•several efforts have been made to serve
gubpena* upon Colonel Phelps. but to
day wa» the first time that he could be
found. •
Dick Ward, the murderer who was par
doned by v Governor Gage at the close of
his administration, attacked Constable
"Terrible" Brown at an early hour this
morning at. Emeryville, and In order to
subdue his man the officer was forced to
beat Ward with his club until the Injury
done was serious. Ward had been drink
ing and was quarrelsome. He started to
make a "rough house," whereupon Brown
was summoned. His command to keep
the peace angered Ward, who attacked
Brown until he fell from exhaustion.
Ward was a jockey at the old Bay Dis
trict racetrack in San Francisco, and was
convicted of a brutal murder and sen
tenced to San Quentln for life. He at
tacked a stable boy with a pitchfork and
plunged the tines again and again into
his victim until death ensued. Ever since
released from prison Ward has been
working around the stables at the race
track at Emeryville. He has been drink
ing heavily and has been ugly and quar
relsome.. He Is lying at present in a half
conscious condition In the County Jail.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 3.
One of the first speakers was Colonel
T. V. Eddy, who advocated "harne rule,"
independence for^ the' dist'rict and de
nounced "bosslsm," which, he, said, was
represented by Abe Ruef, Ach, John C.
Lynch and Mayor : Eugene E. Schmitz.
Mayor Schmitz, he said," was a traitor
to the Republican party. The colonel said
that the \ Mayor went to New York and
playing second fiddle advocated the elec
tion of a Democratic Congressman,. which
- The Independent Republican Club of the
Thirty-eighth Assembly District, A. B.
Truman president, mel last night at Ham
ilton Hall. „ ,^
Robert Rlcnards. Charles McCrystle. Bryan
Klllllea. William May. James P. Devlne, Joseph
O. Gallagher, Lawrence .Nicholson. Charles S
O'Byrne. William T. Kearney, j. p. Leonard'
J. A. O'Farrell. James Oullfoy. John O'Neill
H. 8. ' Richmond. J. J. Colvln. John Bryan!
George Tyrrell and G. C. Nollert. * '
INDEPENDENT REPUBLICANS.
The Democratic* League Club of the
Thirty-third District met last night at
league headquarters and proposed the fol
lowing delegates:
John T. Byrne, James J. McCann, John V.
McArdle. B. F. Shelley, Jefferson H. Martenet,
Joseph Lerous. Thomas J. Curtln, John C.
Castle, Harry K. J. Magee, Joseph F. Mlnehan.
J. J. Mlley, P. M. Clarkson, George H. Cook,
George R. Newsom and J. F. Rogers.
The Democrats of the Thirty-fifth Dis
trict met at league headquarters last
night and selected the following delegates
to be voted for at the primary:
William D. Hynes, John H. Mullen, Patrick
McDonough, John J. Sheehan, James McMa
hon, I. Danielwitz. Frank Corbett, John K.
Hamlll Patrick Hlgglns, A. Phillips, James
Neely 'Mark A. McCann. G. L. Olds. R. P.
Doolan, Dr. I* Kerwln. Charles O'Callaghan,
Warren Tyson. Joseph Mclaughlin, John Sulli
van, Ed P. Casnerly and James D. Moran.
Charles J. Heggerty, William Kelly, John J.
Quinn, Charles McCarthy, Joseph G. McVerry,
John J Feeney. John F. Bowler. William J.
Kennedy, (leorge E. Dwyer. Richard J. Rice.
John F Thornton, Georpe J. Dolan, Thomas
P. Crowley and Peter P. McDonough.
A rousing meeting of the Thirty-sixth
District Democratic League Club was
held last night In Harmony Hall, Mission
and Erie streets, and the following dele
gates were selected:
The Democratic League Club of the
Forty-first District announces the follow
ing list of proposed delegates:
Charles II. J. Truman, Charles A. Qulnn, C.
W. Baker. Charles R. Burke, H. W. Fraser.
Charles de la Fontaine. John Tonntngsen, M.
V Taylor. H. J. Alexander. John H. \V. Mul
ler, Frank M. Stevens, William J. Wlnterbot
tom. F. W. Burnett, J. A. Plymlre, Walter R.
Van Loon, 7.. T. Barber and James Hannon.
DEMOCRATIC CAMP.
The principal addresses of the evening
were delivered by Assistant United States
District Attorney Duncan McKinlay and
Senator Frank McGowan. Remarks were
also made by Supervisor Fred Eggers,
Henry N. Beatty and Civil Service Com
missioner John W. Rogers.
The executive committee proposed the
following delegates to be voted for at the
primary election and the list was ap
proved :
A large and enthusiastic meeting of the
Thirty-sixth District United Republican
League Club was held last night at Hart
mony Hall, 1749 Mission street. President
Charles H. J. Truman presided, and over
400 Republicans of the district were pres
ent and enjoyed the excellent programme
of music and song.
A. Ruef. E. M. Buckley, John H. Nelson, Dr.
Campbell Ford. Louis Strohl, A. Barbet, Charles
H. Sommerlad. Richard Demlngs, Joseph Bar
betta, Walter Hahna. Frank Marini. Alexander
Campbell, William Clark, John Chrlstenson,
Jules Berges.
The Forty-fifth > District club of the
TJnlted Republican ' League had a very
large meeting at Union-square Hall last
evening, Frank Marini presiding. On
motion the chair appointed a committee
of six to report the names for members
cf the executive committed and names
for delegates to be voted for at the pri
mary election, giving equal representa
tion to all 'elements in the district. The
following were named as members of the
executive committee:
Peter Johnson. Chart's Reed Jr.', Peter Mc-
Gowan, Joseph Spohn. M. Bushway, A. Gilbert,
John Samovlch. A. Jorgensen. J. Rose, William
R. NToonan. E. M. Buckley, Joseph Damozonto,
Ueorge Rlngen, Martin Tonnlsin, Harry Huff.
For delegates to the convention the
following: were named:
EQUAL BEPRESENTATION.
The United Republican League Club,
Thirty-seventh Assembly District, W. J.
Ruddick president, will meet this evening
at headquarters. 444 Devlsadpro street.
Able speakers will address the meeting.
The United Republican League Club,
Twenty-eighth Assembly District, Fred J.
Hopper president,, will meet to-night at
the headquarters, 247 Second street. Good
speaking and refreshments are promised.
The Independent Republican Club of
the Forty-second Assembly District, B. P.
Flint president, will meet this evening at
Saratoga Hail, 840 Geary street, to pro
pose delegates to the local convention.
The Independent Republican Club of the
Fortieth Assembly District will meet this
evening at permanent headquarters, 1733
Fillmore street, between Post and Sut
ter, to propose delegates to the municipal
convention. Dr. Charles V. Cross is presi
dent of the club.
For delegates to the local convention,
to be voted for at the primary election,
the following were selected:
T. C. Duff, George Wlmmer, William J.
McDonnell, W. S. Covey, Thomas Sullivan,
George J. Raychester, Charles M. Erlcksen,
James Higgins, James Moran. Henry M. Ryan,
David Ksnny, Edward Early and George R.
Crary.
Robert" McMichael, Charles Creighton. John
Maloney. W. J. Evatts. Michael Hynes, N. P.
Fllgate, Charles Barbari, James Kerr, Henry
Peterson, Edward Fitrgerald, C. K. Baker,
John Roberts, H. G. Knowles, Emil Miller. O.
R. Crary, J. W. Felt, H. F. Adams and Wil
fred Gauthier. , ¦
At a meeting of the United Republican
League Club of the Thirty-first Assembly
District, held last evening at 703 Brannan
street, J. J. Van Nostrand presiding, the
following were named as the executive
committee:
: The United Republican League Club of
the Thirty-fourth Assembly District met
last night and chose the. following candi
dates for delegates to be voted for at the
coming primaries: :.. > /
I Edward H. Ritter. Alonro Davidson. William
J. Guilfuyle. Fred Ritchie," Joseph S. Nyland,
George A. Merrill. •William Qleeson, John J.
O'Brien, John J.' Hoar, A. Duffee. Fred Sev
erance, Robert Strahle, John S. ! Drew, E. B.
Ring, H. A. Bilay and J. H. Belser.
Speeches were delivered ; by several
prominent members of the. organization.
Fred Ritchie presided.
NOMINATE' DELEGATES.
The election of delegates to nominating
conventions, according to the provisions
of the primary law, will take place in
San Francisco one week from to-day.
Early In the campaign the center of po
litical activity was in the Democratic
camp. "Now Ihe storm center Is in the
Republican zone. The indications .are
that the Republicans will cast a larger
vote at the primary than will be thrown
by either of the other political parties.
The belief that Republicans are in a fair
way to achieve victory in the municipal
contest next November ig entertained by
many sagacious politicians. This impres
sion* accounts for^ increased activity .In
the several Assemtoly districts.
Amount heretofore reported. $18,r>68 25.
Russ estate, (5; W. B. San burn. $5: Woods,
Maumm & Fitcher, $10; Argonaut Tea and
Spice Company. $10; Gendar & Hlnk. $10;. Er
nest Haquette, J.'xi; George H. Luchsinger. $10;
MrAft-" Bros., $10; Delmonico Restaurant.
$25; Byron Mauzy, $10; Trans- Atlantic Fire
Insurance Company. $25; London, Orient,
State and. Netherlands Insurance Company,
$100; London and Niagara Insurance Com
pany, $25; Traders' Insurance Company, $25;
Careau & Greene. $10; Henry Mofntt, $5; A.
A. Andrie. $5; Yokata & Co., $5: H. Ide & Co..
S5; Japan Brewing Company, $5: Philadelphia
Shoe Comoany, $5; Peter McArdle, $3; John
R. Cole. $5; Lac* House. $20: J. C. & E. Cole
man. $25; William TaafTe & Co.. $10: Mrs.
J. S. Bunnell, $5; Sartor! & Fattna, $5; So
rosls Ehoe Company, $5; William Smatz & Co.,
$5; Shasta Mineral Water Company, $10; Park
Hotel, $5; Paclnc Coast Hat Works. $5; Rous
eell & Davidson. $5; J. M. Rademaker & Co..
$5; Rudlger & Loesch, $5. Total. $19,048 25.
The transportation companies have re
ceived advices from their Eastern offices
to the effect that a great many people are
taking advantage of the special rates in
augurated for the National Encampment
of the Grajid Army and are crowding the
trains going to California. The special
rates went into effect commencing August*
1, and every train bound westward has
been crowded since that day.
The Second and the Sixth regiments.
National Guard of California, are making
arrangements to parade in San Francisco
during encampment week, and they will
form a conspicuous feature in the line.
The companies of the Second Regiment
are stationed at Sacramento and towns
along the Sacramento Valley; the Sixth
has Its home at Fresno and the towns of
the San Joaquln Valley.
A circular from headquarters of the
California Volunteer Association, Provi
dence, H. I., announces that the thirteenth
reunion of the association will take place
in San Francisco during the week com
mencing August 16^1903. All members of
the association, and ail other comrades
who served in any California regiment
during the Civil War, are requested to re
port at Red Men's building, 320 Post
street, upon their arrival In San Fran
cisco. Charles W. Gordon, G95 Mission
street, is president of the association.
George H. Pettis is secretary and treas
urer.
The following additional contributions
to the entertainment fund have been re
ceived at headquarters of the executive
committee:
A resolution was adopted requesting the
daily newspapers to make the fact known
that only $15,000 more would be required
of the citizens of San Francisco. The
newspapers were also requested to re
ceive contributions at their respective
business offices. The outlook is very'
promising for a successful financial cam
paign. Secretary of State C. F. Curry of
fered to make a canvass of Sacramento to
aid the committee, but it was the senti
ment of the meeting that the means could
be raised in San Francisco, as many of
the most generous minded mercantile men
of the city had not been waited upon.
ADDITIONAL CONTRIBUTIONS.
Report waa made last night to the gen
eral committee and also to the executive
committee of the Grand Armv that the
controversies over the construction of the
arch at the intersection of Kearny, Third
and Market streets had been adjusted in
a manner that would enable the con
tractors to complete the work according
to original plans and specifications' on
which the Board of Public "Works granted
a permit. The presence of employed
workmen on the arch was accented as
additional proof of settlement. The con
tractor was granted an extension of time
until August 16 to finish the arch. The
original contract provided that the work
should be finished August 9. At the con
ference of contractors, engineers and
Public Works' Commissioners yesterday It
was decided that the platform suspended
over Market street should be supported
by standards from the ground in order to
lessen the strain on the wire cables. The
executive committee appointed O. R.
Morris as consulting engineer. The stand
ards will not interfere with cable or
electric cars, but traffic in team3 will be
diverted for three or four days. Mayor
Schmltz said to the committee that the
police would be ordered to divert the
traffic. It was suggested cars passing
under the platform should move slowly
so that passenger* alighting would not
run against the standards.
MEETING LARGELY ATTENDED.
The meeting of the general committee
at the rooms of the California Promotion
Committee, 25 New Montgomery street,
was largely attended by representative
citizens. General George Stone, chair
man, submitted a full report of financial
affairs. It was shown that $50,200. includ
ing the State appropriation of 525,000, had
been raised, and obligations amounting
to $49,000 had been authorized. The an
nouncement was made that an additional
sum of J15.000 would enable the commit
tee to carry out the accepted plans for
the encampment. The statement was
made by the chairman that very many
prominent merchants, business men and
manufacturers who usually contribute
liberally had not been called upon for
money. Volunteers then agreed to visit
leading firms. The opinion was expressed
by Major General Shafter. Major General
Dickinson, A. W. Barrett. F. E. Beck, W.
H. Jordan. Charles F. Curry. J. B. Fuller,
John C. Currier, Henry C. Dibble, A.
Sbarboro, Rufus Jennings, W. H. "Wharff
and Horace Wilson that the money nec
essary could be readily raised If mem
bers of the committee themselves would
go out and solicit. There were several
volunteer contributions and duplicates ot
sums hitherto given.
The case of Hamilton D. Renton, a
striking lineman, arrested on a charge of
using vulgar language, was dismissed to
day in the Police Court on request o|
Robert Flemming, superintendent of con
struction for the telephone company, and
the complaining witness.
George H. Mayer, a telephone company
employe, was arrested to-day in East
Oakland on charges of carrying a con
cealed weapon and impersonating an offi
cer. Mayer was carrying a pistol. Tele
phone Manager Ellis said he had specifi
cally Instructed none of his men to bear
firearms.
The striking- linemen were not concerned la
yesterday's affair. They have given and have
kept their promise to the Mayor to maintain
peace and quiet. The telephone company
should not allow Its men to work on Sunday
and give sympathizers & chance to commit
overt acts.
Under present conditions we ar? obliged to
do line work when best we can. We are not
looking for trouble, nor are we trying to
foment disturbance. Far from that. We feel
that our men have Just as much right to
work as the striking linemen have to strike.
That is the situation in a nutshell.
E. W. Davis, secretary of the striking
linemen's grievance committee, said:
said: *
I do not believe the strikers themselves com
mitted this assault. I must say that during
the last week or ten days they have con
ducted themselves in & very gentlemanly man
ner and been very fair, but the men were
assaulted and the result Is that none of our
linemen will go out unless riven police pro
tection. As some of our old employes live
within a few blocks of where this trouble
occurred yesterday I questioned Mr. Shasteen
very carefully regarding the appearance of
the men -who assaulted him and am satisfied
that none of our old employes were mixed up
In the trouble. /
There is no question about these men hav
ing been assaulted. I feel that I must give
the company's linemen police protection against
hoodlums to avoid a possible repetition of
cuch a scene as waa enacted yesterday. I
feel that the telephone company Is alone at
fault in this matter in sending Us workmen
out on Sunday to do work In that particular
neighborhood -where .there Is pernaps more
danger of such an occurrence than there would
have been In any other of ihe city. I
do not blame the strikers for yesterday's
trouble and I believe they have kept faith
with me since they agreed to use enly quiet
methods, and to avoid violence H their en
deavors to persua.de the strike-breakers to quit
work.
Concerning the situation, Manager Ellis
Neither Mayor Olney nor Manager Eu
gene J. Ellis of the telephone company
blame the striking linemen for the dem
onstration. In restoring police guard to
the company's employes the Mayor said:
Mayor "Warren Olney to-day directed
the Chief of Police to furnish police pro
tection to telephone company employes.
The order Is the result of an assault that
was made yesterday afternoon at Twen
tieth and Market streets on R. S. Shas
teen and L. B. Tale, telephone men who
were stoned by a crowd of hoodlums.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
* 1113 Broadway, Aug. 3.
An opportunity for "doing politics" is
presented in the choice cf successors to
the Rev. Dr. Foute, chairman, and Major
W. B. Hooper, an influential member of
the standing committee of the diocese of
California. A position on this commit
ter, which is the next highest spiritual
and temporal authority in the diocese. Is
coveted by both clergy and churchmen.
The names of Dr. Middleton, Henry T.
Scott and, William H. Crocker have been
suggested with the chances of the elec
tion of the first named. Dr. Rellly of
St. Paul's or Rev. B. M. Weeden of St.
Luke's are spoken of as URely candidates
to succeed Rev. Dr. Foute. The stand-
Ing committee elects.
Another parish is on the lookout for
seme one to succeed the Rev.jreteTihon In
nis. the ultra ritualistic rector of the
church of St. Mary the Virgin.
A prominent churchman, commenting
upon the extraordinary difficulty of se
curing competent rectors for California,
is of the belief that it indicates the gen
eral scarcity of clergymen throughout the
country on account of the rapidly increas
ing population and the unexampled ex
pansion of the church itself. The 6pinion
was expressed that the embarrassment
was not temporary, but likely to continue.
PLACES ON COMMITTEE.
To these parishes there has been added
old St. John's, Oakland, whose last rector
left on account of parish dissensions and
accepted a church In the East St. John's
pays $1500 a year and Is considered a de
sirable charge. The parish is ritualistic
and will try to find a high church priest
if it can.
Trinity Church. San Jose, is without a
rector, though offering $300 a month for
the right man. A call to an Eastern cler
gyman was declined with thanks and the
congregation has to be content with a
substitute.
St. Paul's, Oakland, is another desirable
parish, offering $300 a month for a clergy
man, but so far without meeting with
success. A call was given Rev. Frederick
Stein of St. George's Church. New York,
but that clergyman was compelled to de
cline on the advice of a local physician,
who decided on the unsuitabillty of the
climate, Mr. Stein being a sufferer from a
disease of the throat.
OTHER DESIRABLE PULPITS.
An unprecedented condition of affairs
exists In the Episcopal diocese of Califor
nia at the present time, and churches and
authorities are very much puzzled to ac
count for the singular emergency which
has arisen. By resignation or decease
more churches have been deprived of their
rectors than ever before In the jurisdic
tion within the same period. Since Janu
ary no less than nine prominent parishes
have become pastorless. The Rev.
Charles Gardner resigned at Palo Alto to
become rector of Stanford University.
Christ Church, Alarneda, was compelled
to look for a successor to Dr. Lacy; Trin
ity, Oakland, lost its estimable clergyman
by resignation through the infirmities ot
age, and St. Stephen's of this city, by the
eudden death of Dean Lion, was forced, to
look elsewhere for a clergyman to worth
ily carry on the work. Fortunately all of
these charges have been filled to. the en
tire satisfaction of their congregations,
but there remain five other churches
which are on the lookout for clergymen
to fill the pulpits, and have so far been
unsuccessful. Now that Grace Is com
pelled by the death of Dr. R. C. Foute
to find some one to succeed him the diffi
culty of ail the other parishes is increased.
The pulpit is known throughout the
church as one of •the most desirable in
the United States on account of the enor
mous wealth of its congregations, past
and present, and its liberality and activ
ity in good works. The Huntingtons,
Stanfords, Crockers and Hopklnses were
at one time known as attendants and as-
Blsted in completing the beautiful edifice.
It has always been the church frequented
by the Gwins, Tevises and others of the
most exclusive Southern set, and Is pre
pared to pay a high price for a clergy
man. Hitherto It has paid its rector $500
a month, but, if necessary, It will go
higher.
California Is represented In this ar
rangement by the State Board of Exam
iners, for which Secretary W. S. Melick
acts, and the agricultural department U
represented by Professor Samuel Fortier.
the Pacific experiment station agent, who
makes his headquarters at the Univer
sity of California.
Professor Fortier Is the active head of
the Investigations now going on. In the
course of his work he will proceed upon
a well denned plan, which embrace*
studies of the duties of water in Irriga
tion; studies of methods of irrigation in
California with a view to better methods;
studies of losses of water from canals
through seepage and evaporation and the
best means to alleviate them, either by
improving the canals or removing the
surplus water by drainage; studies in tha
methods and cost of pumping water.
His investigations will have nothing to do
with the geological phenomena of the
country, that part of the work being
left entirely to the geological survey.
The investigations will carry Professor
Fortier from one end of the State to the
other and every agricultural center will
be visited. He has already turned his
attention to the San Joaquln valley,
where tire irrigation problem Is of such
immense importance. There the seepage
and evaporation of the canals Is demand
ing attention and a question has arisen
as to the comparative merits of the
check or pan system for flooding culti
vated land as against the furrow system,
either of which needs to be corrected.
In connection with the studies In the
cost of pumping Professor Fortier to-day
sent to the farmers of the State a circu
lar containing a series of questions rela
tive to their pumping plants, which the
farmers are expected to answer. ' This
branch of the investigation will receive
the assistance of Professor J. N. Le
Conte and A. J. Turner. The main pur
pose in collecting this Information Is to
compare the relative cost of Irrigation
by pumping and gravity plants and t*
furnish all those who are interested in
this branch of the subject with data
as to the best kind of plant to install
under particular conditions.
The farmers of California are about to
profit in the experiments that have Just
be«n inaugurated by the United State*
Department of Agriculture and the State,
acting In co-operation, to Investigate th«
beat methods of using and distributing
water for Irrigation purposes. Irrigation
is one of the hardest problems with
which the farmer or orchardlst baa ta
deal, for he does not always know what
is the most economical and beneficial to
him, and It is for this reason the Govern
ment and the State have agreed to work
hand in hand for his advantage.
The last Legislature passed a bill ap
propriating $10,000 to assist irrigation in
vestigation, with the understanding that
the Government would appropriate a Uk«
amount for the same purpose, which the
Government has since done. This makes
(20,000 available* for these Investigations.
$10,000 of which will b« used each year
for two years.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2HS Center Street. Aug. 3.
Horseman Who Killed His
Friend at Bay District
Under "Arrest.
Trains Are Crowded With
Tourists for Grand Army
Outing.
Bailrpad Attorney Phelps Is
Subpenaed as a
Witness.
Two Places on Standing Com
mittee of Diocese to
Be Filled.
Dr. Fortier to Investigate
California Water
Systems.
Says Action Is to Be Preven
tive Against Acts of
Violence.
Political Organizations Hold
Lively Sessions Through
out the City.
Several Episcopal Pul
pits Are Awaiting
Able Men.
Amended Plans Enable
"Workmen to Pro
ceed To-Day.
Nominate Delegates for
Coming Municipal i
Convention.
Mayor Olney Gives Pro
tection to Telephone
Men. -£; v
Officer Given a Pierce
Battle by Pardoned
Murderer.
State and Government
Combine to Help
Agriculture.
Special Grand Jury Be
gins Inquiry in
Missouri.
COURT SCORES
THE BOODLERS
MARKET STREET
ARCH UNDER WAY
"JOCKEY" WARD
AGAIN IN JAIL
ORDERS POLICE
GUARD RESTORED
TEACH FARMERS
HOW TO IRRIGATE
DISTRICT CLUBS
HOLD MEETINGS
LOOK IN VAIN
FOR RECTORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1903.
VIENNA. Aug. 3. — The continued excesses of
the Turkish troops In Macedonia occasion much
disquiet. It is rumored that the Austrian. Rus
sian and German Embassies at Constantinople
have made fresh representations on the subject
to tht Grand VUler.
Portland Defeats Sacramento.
PORTLAND. Aug.; 3w— Twenty-three Sacra
mentans faced Shleldsyto-day In the game
with Portland before they got the first of their
two bits. Cutter held Portland down to two
hits for seven innings and then weakened. The
fielding was loose at critical points. Score:
» R. H. E.
Portland 0 0 0 3 0 1 0 5 x— 9 S 2
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 10—1 2 1
Batteries — Shields and Vlgneux; Cutter and
Graham. Umpire — Levy.
R. H. E.
Spokane' ...0 3 0 0 1 2 0 0 O— 6 13 0
Los Angeles. ....0 0 0 3 0 0 1 O 0—4 11 1
Batteries — Dammann, Lelbhardt' and Zalu
sky: Etrlcklett. Gannon, Householder and
Whitney. . . " . .
SPOKANE. Aug. 3.— About $1000 was raised
from the sale of tickets for the benefit given
to the family of late Pitcher Ernest Nichols.
The Indians defeated the. Angels.' Grand-stand
plays were numerous on both sides. Attend
ance. 11T7. Score:
Indians Win From Angels.
9
ADVEHTISEM3NTS.
Blood
On The Brain— Lost
Self Control.
Lived in Misery For
Ten Years.
Dr. Miles* Nervine and
Heart Cure Cured.
The reason Dr. Miles' Remedies care rach
a large percentage of cases is because they
are formulated to &nd actually do, go at once
to the root of .the disease. Doctors often
mzke the mistake of treating the symptoms,
a method which must always f a il. Dr. Miles'
Nervine restores health, strength and vitality
to the nerves. Dr. Miles' Heart Cure en-
riches the blood and improves the circulation
'so that the patient speedily regains health.
"I feel it is a pleasure as well as duty to in-
• form my friend* the means I used to regain
my health. 1 have been troubled a great
deal with nervousness and headache; I be-
gan to observe enlargement of the neck until
it became so bad I felt it severely, especially
blood on the brain. The least excitement
gave me dreadful pain and I woold lose all
control of mj-self. I lived in this misery for
about ten years; consulted many doctors,
bet secured no relief whatever. I com-
. menced the use of Dr. Miles' Nervine and a
few days later began the use of Dr. Miles'
Heart Cure and within a week I felt very
tnuch better. The second week my friends
told me I was looking very much better.
This encouraged me and I continued the use
of the two remedies until now I am well
enough to do my own housework without
any trouble whatever. I consider my health
good, the cure permanent and I can do any
kind of work."— Mrs. CHARLOTTE Eia.
Idaho Falls. Idaho.
All drurgisfs 6ell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Mues' Remedies. Send for free book
en Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, In i.
.( ADVERTISEMENTS.
APPETITE'S POOR!
A sure sign that the stomach i.s
out of order, the bowels are con-
stipated and the liver inactive.
You cannot enjoy your food as
long as this condition prevails,
and unless it is remedied at once
you're going to be seriously ill.
A few doses of Hostetter's Stom-
ach Bitters will make a great im-
provement in your condition. It
will make the stomach healthy, re-
store the appetite and cure Heart-
burn, Indigestion, Dyspepsia and
Constipation.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
Crooked Teeth Straightened.
Diseased and Inflamed gums treated and cur«d
and teeth cleaned free. Root* and broken
down teeth can ' be saved for years and avoid
the Inconvenience ot wearing a plate. All work
done for the cost of material. Wee* days, u
to 9* Sundays, 0 to 1. Painless method* a>
specialty. Extraction free. Graduate* only.
Full guarantee.
POST-GBADTJATB DE2TTAI. COXJ&QH
S*n Trmaoisoo— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 873 WaaMngrtoa 8tr««C -
I S*a Jo«a— 45 Eut Santa Clar* SttHt,Movements of Steamers.
SUEZ — Arrived Auc 3 — Stmr Charles Tiber-
Bine, from Yokohama, via Shanghai, etc., for
New York; stmr Isla de Panay, for Manila, via
Singapore.- ¦ •
HAMBURG— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Blucher,
from" New York, via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
PLYMOUTH — Palled Aug 3 — Stmr Pennsyl
vania, ' for New York.
ROTTERDAM — Arrived Auff 3— Stmr Am
sterdam, from New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Vader
land from New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
VESSEL. WHICH IS REPORTED
PROBABLE TOTAL. LOSS AT
TOPOLOBAMPO.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United. States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
- ' Times , and Heights of High and Low
* Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
¦ NQTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point r* the height of
tide la the same at both places. :
TUESDAY, AUGUST 4. 1003.
Sun rises. . . ,"i ..;......... 5:15
Sun 6ets "...'.. 7:16
Moon seta '..¦..:. 2:03 a. m.
D Time ' Timel ' ¦ Time Time
5. Ft. r Ft. Ft. Ft.
•' L. W . H W • * L,W jH W
4 3:05 0.1 10:08 l 4.5 2:28 2.9 8:56 5.5
5 3:46—0.1 10:52 4:« 3:28 2.0 9:39 5.5
6 4:20— 0.2 11:30 4.8 4:10 ,2.9 10:20 8.5
7 4:.">5— 0.2 12:05 4.9 4:49 2.8 10:56 5.3
8 • 5:24 -^>.l 12:37 4.9 5:27 2.7 11:32 5.2
0 5:55 0.1 l:O4 4.9 6:05 2.5.
' H W , L W H W LYW
10 0:10 5.0 C:25 0.4 1:30 .. 5.0 6:45 2.3
I NOTE — In the above exposition of the j tides
the early . morning tides are : given In the left
hand column and 'the - successive . tides ¦'¦ of the
day kin the order of occurrence as to' time; the
fourth time column gives the last -tkle of the
day. except when there are but three (Ides, 1 as
sometimes occurs... The ¦ heights . given are in
addition: to. the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
The bark Albert sailed yesterday for Hono
lulu with an asi*ort?4«Tnerchandlse cargo, val
ued at ¥37. 'Ml and itocludlne the following:
1700 bbls Hour, 2020 X?tla barley. '1100 bales
hay, 3S.035 lbs corn, 33.148 lbs middlings, 50,
400 lbs bran. 7SS7 !b« beans, 10.000 lbs rice.
78,476 lbs susrar, .11,475 ibi salt. 14,891 lbs
bread. S3 ca canned ' goods, 3S94 lbs meals, SCO
Inn chocolate, 780 lbs hops, 730 lbs dried fruit.
1U0 bxs paste. 473 gals 103 cs whisky. 2112 gals
vinegar, 45 pk£8 pickles. 50 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 5547 pals 2O cs wine, fi cs llquots,
11.200 lbs lard, 7 ca olives, ¦ ISO bbls salmon,
1510 redwood posts, 15.000 ft lumber. • 625 bxs
tear, 25 bbls paint, 4227 lbs soda, 05 coils rope.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
The German ship Sylphide was cleared yes
terday for Hull. England, with 68,619 ctls
barley, valued at $82,342, and 21.800 ft lum
ber, as dunnage, valued at $327.
The French b.t1:> Vauban was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders with 50,631
ctls barley, valued at $68,900. and 0130 ctls
wheat, valued at $14,700. The ship carried
18.000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued at $270. . »
The French bark Falconnler. which 'was
cleared for me came port, carried fft,920 clia
barley, valued at S7O.40O; 83<X) ctls wheat, val
ued at $13,000, and 24,000 ft lumber dunnage,
valued at $300.
Three Grain Clearances.
The German ship Nauarcbos. at Portland,
wu chartered prior to arrival for wheat thence
to Europe, at 25s 3d.
The German ship Slam, which arrived from
Newcastle on Sunday, was rechartered prior
to arrival for barley to Europe at 16s 9d.
Matters cf Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Charters.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Henry Frosch. who lives at 25C St2.te street,
was seriously Injured yesterday on Maln-etreet
wharf by being crushed between his wagon and
a freight car. He was taken to the Harbor
Hospital for treatment.
Crushed Between Wagon and Car.
The steamship Mlnnetonka will not be al
lowed to take cargo on board until the new
boiler tubes ordered by the Government In
spectors have been installed. As this will not
be until September the cargo cf sugar brought
by the Nevadan will be transferred either to
the Minnewaska or the Texan.
Seven soldiers of the Sixtieth Coast Artillery
who went out from the Presidio on Sunday
morning after a mus of early fish narrowly
escaped drowning as the result of the capsizing
of their boat. Captain Fred Todt. Samui-1
White, Henry Boldt and Gus Schultz. who were
in the vicinity In a gawjllne launch, went to
the rescue and succeeded in pulling the soldiers
from the water. The boat was capsized
through the Jamming of the main sheet. The
eoldier fisherman were Corporal F. A. Zehrtng
ton. Privates Bowlen. McCall, Therrah, Auth,
Williams and Woodward.
Will Not Take Cargo for Month.
Soldiers Capsized.
Tte steam schooner Alcazar, which left Point
Arena August 2 with the disabled schooner Ab
ble In tow, arrived here yesterday without -the
Abble. That the Abble was left behind was
not the fault of Captain Martin of the Alcazar.
He did all he could to carry out the task ht
undertook and only let go when to hold on
would have Involved both vessels In disaster.
At 4 a. m. of August 3. when twenty-nve miles
wert-northwest of Point Reyes, a heavy north
west swell was encountered, which made tow-
Ing almost Impossible. Three times the hawser
parted and as many times was a new rope
passed to the disabled sailing vessel. Mean
while, however, the Alcazar's deck load shifted
to port and heavily listed as she was the tsteam
scboon»r's usefulness as a towboat came to an
end. Captain Martin then let go his hawser
and came Into port to notify the Abble's owners
of the predicament of their vessel. The Abble's
rudder Is pone, but no fears are entertained of
her ability to float until picked up.
Had to Abandon Tow.
ARRIVED.
Monday. August 3.
Stmr Geo XV Elder, Randall, 5" hours from
Portland, via Astoria 47 hours.
Stmr Corona, Johnson, 19 hours fra Eureka.
Stmr Fulton, Lee, 49 hours rrom Port Los
Angeles. i • ,
Stmr Alcazar. Martin, 21 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Coos Bay, Xlcolson, 72 hours from San
Stmr Weatport, Smith, 17 hours from West
port.
Stmr Iaqtia, Bonlfield, 24 hours from Trini
dad. '
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 43 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwlck, 8 days 20 hours
from Portland, via Eureka 22 hours.
Schr Ida A. Campbell. 5 hours from Pt Reyes.
CLEARED. . .
Monday. August 3.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. Victoria and
Port Townsend; Pac Coast 8 8 Co. '
Ger ship Sylphide. Sauermllch, Hull, Eng
land: BaUour. Guthrie & Co.
Fr 6hlp Vauban, Le Dantec, Quenstown; Glr
vin & Eyre. -• . ¦
Fr bark Faulconnier, Hermel, Queenstown;
G W McN'ear.
Bark Albert, Turne. Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co.
SAILED. —
Monday, August 3.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller. Reflondo.
Stmr Fulton. Lee, Hardy Creek.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman, Coos Bay.
Bark Albert. Turne, Honolulu.
Schr Bessie K, MerrJam. San Vicente Land-
Ing. - • ¦
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS — August 3, 10 p m — Weather
foggy; wind NW;. velocity 12 miles per hour.
5 DISASTER.
LONDON, ATJG 3 — Bark. Mauna Ala, from
Eureka June 26, is ashore at Topolobampo;
will probably be a total loss; cargo may be
saved.
MEMORANDUM.; . .•
Per stmr Alcazar — Sailed from Point Arena
Aug 2 with the disabled schr Abble In tow.
On Aue 3 at 4 a m, 25 miles WNW of Point
Reyes, In heavy NW swell parted three haw
sers and was forced to let go of the schooner;
also shifted the cargo of ties on board the Al
cazar to port. The Abble; had her rudder car
ried away. ' ¦
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDON'DO— Sailed Aug 3 — Stmr Asuncion,
for San Francisco.
REDONDO — Arrived Aug 3 — Stmr Sequoia, ;
from Grays Harbor, and sailed for San Pedro.
EUREKA — Afrlved Aug 2 — Schr Allen A. fm
Kahulul. 3 — Stmr North Fork, hence Aug 1.
Sailed Aug 3 — Stmr Arctic, lor San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Aug 3 — Schr Ida McKay,
hence July 22; schr Azalea, from San Pedro.
EUREKA — Arrived Aus 3— Stmr Pomona,
hence Aug 2.
TATOOSH—^Passed out Aug 3 — Sttnrs Mack
inaw and Umatilla, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed Aug 3— Br ship Glenal
von from Port Blakeley for Sydney.
SEATTLE — Arrived Aug. 2 — Stmr Queen, he
July'30; stmr. Dlrlgo, ¦ from Skagway; stmr
James Dollar, hence • July 29. 3 — U S ¦ stmr
Burnslde, from Sltka; Btmr Al-Ki, from Skag-
Sa'lled Aug 1 — Stmr Excelsior, for Skagway.
2 Stmr Ohl«, for Nome; stmr Umatilla,. for
San Francisco; stmr Humboldt, .;f of Skagway.
3 — Stmr Senator, for -Nome j: • ' .
SOUTH BEND-r-Arrlvod-'Aug 3— Stmr. Rival,,
bence July 29. -./•* i .•
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived Aug 3— Stmr
Santa Rosa, hence Aug; 2; stmr Ramona, -hence
Sailed Aur 3— Stmr Santa Rosa, for San
Diesd: stmr Ramona, for San Pedro.
POINT REYES — Passed Aur 3. 1:15 p m —
Br stmr Royalist, from Port, Townsend for
Buenos Ayres. • ; - V-:
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived. Aug 8— Br
Btmr Elm Braneh. from Karatsu. ' ' •
Sailed Aug 3 — Stmr Coronado, for San Fran
cisco. /.»¦•'.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug 2— Schr W H
Smith, for San Pedro; schr John F Miller, for
San Francisco; brig Galilee, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 2 — 8tmr Newburg. hnce July 29.
MAR8HF1ELD— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Acme,
hence July 31; schr San Buenaventura, hence
July 16.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived Aur 3r-Stmr
Scotia, hence Aug 2.
EVERETT— Arrived Aug 3— Bktn North
west, " from Port Townsend.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Aug 3— Stmr San
ta Cruz, for San Francisco.
CASPAR — Arrived Aug 3— Btmr Samoa, he
Aug 2.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed Aug 3— Btmr Newt
boy, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived Aur 2 — Stmr Columbia,
hence Aug 1. Aug 3 — Bktn Katie Fllcklnger.
from Port Los Angeles. ¦ .
ISLAND PORTS.
¦ HONOLULU — Sailed Aug 2 — Stmr Nebras
kan. for San Francisco; etmr Miowera, for
Sydney. •
FOREIGN PORTS.
SUEZ — Arrived July 31 — Br «tmr Oanfa, from
Seattle for London. • . — ,
AUCKLAND— Sailed July 31— Stmr Sierra,
for San ¦ Francisco. . »
• Arrived :Aug 3 — Stmr Sonoma, hence July 16.
IJRLAGOA BAY-^Salled Aug 2 — Ship Henry
Vlllard, for Newcastle, Aus. ....,.,
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived July 30— fichr
Muriel, from Oraj 3 Harbor. V 7
Shipping Intelligence.
The Pacific Coast St»amsh!p Company's Cu
racao which arrived on Sunday night some
eeven hours later than had been expected, was
detained between Ennenada and this port by
etronjc head wlnda. After passing quarantine
Inspection yesterday morning the Curacao
landed her passengers and then proceeded up
the river to discharge at the smelter the ore
which formed part of her cargo. In addition
to the shipment of ore she brought from the
Mexican mines gold and silver bullion valued
at more than J0O.00O.
Her passengers Included the following named :
Mrs C H. Ward. Dr. M. G. Collman. J. Pa
dlllo. P." Vutira. Mrs. A. Richard. Miss L.
Uichard. H. Weiss. Miss F Viosea. S^Tyack,
A Ruiz L. de Yia. Antonio Anlzan, A. C.
Carper George B. Clark, W. S. S. Rogers. John
Hartman Dr H. H. Barn. W. Pershbacher,
John Pearl. Alice and George Dyer, Fred
Burn's and M. Aragon.
Curacao Goes Up River.
29 cts sewing machines. 16 pkg» furniture. 2000
lbs starch. 20 pkgs dry goods, 60 bxs candles,
200,000 bricks. 10 bdls Iron, 20 bdls brooma,
10V bdls baskets. . . , *r-
WORD was received yesterday
by the Merchants* Exchange
of the probable loss at Topo
lobampo, Mexico, of the bark
Mauna Ala. one of the j best
known Bailing vessels on the Pacific.
Bound to the Mexican port from Eureka
•with a cargo of lumber, the Mauna Ala
•went ashore. Beyond the statement that
the vessel will more than likely be lost,
but that the cargo may be saved, no de
tails the disaster have been received.
The Mauna Ala was owned by her com
pander. Captain Smith. She left here
June 15 for Eureka and sailed from the
northern port June 26 for Topolobampo.
The vessel was built at Sunderland in
1S63 and formerly sailed under the British
flag as the bark Pak' Wan. She changed
owners and as the Mauna Ala hoisted
the flag of Hawaii, which she carried un
til the annexation of the Territory gave
her the right to fly the Stars and Stripes.
She Is a vessel of 830 tons register; is
1S4:7 feet long, 32:6 feet beam and 19 feet
deep. For many years she ran between
here and Honolulu.
The petition of Ringiing Brothers' cir
cus that the present license of $130 per
day Imposed upon circus shows be re
duced to $100 per day w&s favorably acted
•upon by the passage to print of an or
dinance fixing: it at the loxcer figure.
" Mayor Schmltx appointed James O'Don
nell. T>. A- Finn, James Grady, H. D.
Hudson and J. J. Mundwyler to act aa
the relief committee of the Exempt Fire
men to take charge of the disbursement
of the tvn& of $5000 appropriated in the
budget.
The Hassell Audit Company was al
lowed $376 73 for experting^ the County
Clerk's books during July.
To the end that your honorable body may
become thoroughly conversant with the prop
erties of the Bay Cities Wster Company as a
source from which water may be economically
supplied to the city and county you are re
spectfully requested to cause- a most thorough
'examination thereof to be made *ud complete
reports thereon to be placed before you.
The offer was referred to the Public
Vtlllties Committee.
• The Bay Cities Water Company In a
communication yesterday to the Board of
Supervisors calls attention to the fact
that the corporation asserts its ability to
develop and deliver to the city of San
Francslco a thoroughly reliable dally sup
ply of sixty or more millions of gallons
of water. The communication says:
" The properties above referred to are situated
la Santa Clara County. Ca:ifomia. beginning
at a. zo'.r.i twelve miles toutheasi from Baa
Jos? and extending- thence northeast, east,
eoutbeart and south Into the mountain! of the
Mount Hamilton end adjacent rar.gfe. Thes«
»ropertle« constitute a watershed having a
Fcperflcial area of more than three hundred
t-quare mile* upon which records at various
opolnta covetinr periods of many year* prove
there Is a copious rainfall.
Supervisors Reduce License
on Circus Shows to
SI 00 Per Day.
Board Receives Proposi
tion From Bay Cities
Company.
Weil-Known Sailing Vessel : Bound From Eureka With Cargo of
Lumber Is Reported a Possibly Total Loss at the Mexican
Port — It Is Thought That Her Freight May Be Recovered
OFFER TO SELL
WATER SYSTEM
AMERICAN BARK MAUNA ALA
IS ASHORE AT TOPOLOBAMPO
BOND ELECTION
IN SEPTEMBER
Supervisors Take Final
Action on Proposed
Improvements.
Blasting Operations to Cease
in Certain Limits After
October 12,-1903. ¦'
The Board of Superylsora yesterday
finally passed the ordinance "calling a'spe
cial election on Tuesday/ September ' 29,
1903, for the purpose of submitting to" the
voters the proposition to ¦.issue bonds" in
the" sum of $18,135,000 for the construction
of a new City and County . Hospital, • new
schoolhouses, sewer system, parks,' public
library, children's playgrounds, J for re
pairs of accepted streets and other public
improvements. The Mayor at once af
fixed his signature to the ordinance, thus
making it a-law. • ¦ ' " • ~
| An expenditure of $100 was authorized, to
be' made cut of the urgent' necessity fund
for the purpose of engrossing resolutions
of respect to the memory^of the late-Su
pervisor George R. Sanderson.;. • - .; — '/
The bond in the sum of 5S000 filed by the
California Sugar. Refinery in; the matter
of laying pipe lines In ¦ Twenty-second
street, ,? between Michigan 'and IKlnols
streets, was accepted in a formal readlu
tlon, with Claus Spreckels ' and John D.
Spreckels as sureties thereon. ''.'.'.
The board ordered "the ¦ installation ; of
arc lights at Second avenue and C street,
Fillmore and McAllister, Flllmore and
Turk, Fiilmore and Bush, , Fillmore • and
California and Church ond - Thirteenth
streets. .•->.._. . _ - -
The tender of Charles £..• Patton- to sell
to the .city for $1500 certain lands for! the
extension of East .Park street and Rich
land avenue easterly to Andover avenue
was accepted. ' " ? ,"'.-.
The ordinance giving the Police Com
mission authority to appoint a hostler 'for
the Seventeenth street police station,'. at
a compensation of $75 per month, was
passed to print. The ordinance originally
fixed the salary at 560 per month, and
Boxton's amendment to increase the
amount prevailed. •• • • • '
The amended ordinances extending the
limits within which "rock ; quarries and
rock crushers are prohibited,- so .as ;;to
make the bills effective on October 12, 1903,
were finally passed. Until' that date, only
operations; may be carried on at. Clipper
and Douglass streets and, Telegraph Hill.
Bids for printing the municipal reports
were received from Brown & Power at 59
cents a page; Commercial- Publishing
Company, 30 cents; Phillips, Smythe &
Van Norden, i3 cents; I* Brunt, 57
cents, and William Hinton, 79 cents. The
Printing Committee will 'consider the bids
to-day. . ,, _4 , , .
COMMISSIONERS LIABLE
FOB, WHITE'S DEFALCATION
Experts Hold That Manson, Mendell
and Casey Must Make Good *
Sum of $3915 07.
The Hassell Audit Company filed with
the Supervisors' Finance Committee yes
terday a tabulated statement showing "the
liability of the Fidelity Company . of
Maryland and the Board of Public" Works
on their bcupds for the defalcation of- W.
J. H. White, the absconding cashier of
the board named. The table shows that
according to the dates when White, com
mitted his peculations; the Fidelity Com
pany is liable for the full amount of lone
bond of 13000 and for $1327 on. another
bond of $5000 giv^n In favor of White. The
total defalcation was .$8316 55. leaving
$3989 55 to be accounted . for, .which sum
Commissioners Mendell,,-' Manson. and
Casey are held liable for $3915 07, leaving
$74 48 for which no dates can be deter
mined, and no liability can 'therefore be
fixed by the experts. ¦ i . . ;
' TO ARRIVE. J
y Steamer. From. ' I Due.
L.skme. ...... San Pedro I Aug. 4
Arctic Humboldt I Aug. 4
Arcata.: Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Aug. 4
San Pedro San Pedro Aug. 4
Texan New York lAutr. 4
Rainier... ».\. Seattle & Whatcom |Aug. 5
Eureka. Humboldt |Aus. »»
Chchalls.' Ban Pedro lAusr. 5
Umatilla..... Puget Sound Ports |Aug. G
San Jose New York via PanamaJAug. 5
Coronado Sin Pedro ..|Aufc. a
Mackinaw...'. Taconia I Auk. •>
Del Norte.'. .. Crescent City I Aug. «i
Argo £el River Ports iAug. 0
Pomona. Humboldt /..(Aug. •>
Santa;Rosa.. . San Diego & Way Ports|Aug. G
Ramona Kan IJIegA & Way PortsJAug. «i
Coptic... China & Japan |Aug. "fl
North Fork. . . Hiimboldt I Aug. 7 j
Rival WUlapai, Harbor.. |Aug. 7
Point Arena.. Mer.duclno & Pt. Arena I Aug. 7
New burg <5rny3 Harbor ..I Aug. 7
Marirosa Tahiti ......|Auk.- 7
"Wyefield Nanaimo 8
J. Do'iar Seattle & Tacoma I Aug. s
Columbia Portland & Victoria.. .JAug. N
Corona Humboldt lAug. 0
Claverin? China & Japan |Au»r. '.?
Ftate-of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.lAyg. 10
Coos Bay Newport & Way .Ports. | Aug. 10
S.. Monica Grays Harbor AjUg. 10
Queen PugK Sound Ports...', Aug. ID
Alameda Honolulu -Aug. 11
S. Barbara... i Seattle & Olympia |Aug. 12
City l'aiiama.l New York via Panarna.|Aug. 12
Nebraskan Honolulu & Kahulul. ..iAug. 12
G.. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria. ...! Aug. 1.1
Atholl China & Japan |Aug. 13
Ramona 3an Pedro & Way Pts.|Aug. 14
.' • ' -TO SAIL. V
• - Steamer. ' Destination. Sails. Pier.
i'..." AnjcnM 4. ¦.
Czarina Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Lakrhe Arcata direct 5 pm Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Phoenix.;.. Mendoclno City 1 pm Pier 13
Centennial. . Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Chico.....".. Coquille River . 6 pm Pier 2
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
C. Nelson... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
- „• ' . . Auffunt 5.
Redondo.... Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 10 am Pier 16
Cbfona*. Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 0
Arctic Ilimiboi.lt 10 am Pier 10
Chehalls Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier "
Co6s Bay... Newport & Way.. 9 pm Pier 19
D*nderah... Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm Pier 23
Coronado... Grays Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 10
Iaqu& Humboldt 0 am Pier -
• >' AuB'uni O.
Alaskan.... N. Y. via Puget S'd Pier 10
Arcata Coos R.& Pt.Orford 12 m Pier 13
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Ventura Sydney & Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
G. W, Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
- • . - AusruMt 7.
G: Dollar... Portland Direct.... 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
(•"< •¦•¦' Auirnnt 8. '
Pomona..... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
ArgOr. Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Curacao.... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 19
Argo.'v Kel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Siberia China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
City of Para N. Y. vta Panama. 12 m Pier 40
• ' - ' '• • AllRIINt 1>.
S. Rosa San Diepro & Way.. 9 am Pier 10
Ramfcna.... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Rainier..... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Umatilla.... Pugct SoundPorts. 11 amIPier 9
• «-.? ""v '•' • Ansfnut 1O., |
S..'Monica. . . Los rAngeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Pti, Arena:. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
N.qrth Fork. Humboldt ......... 5 pm Pier 2,
-•*•!"': AliKimt II.
Rival Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Nlv/burg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
'i-il-y , Anffimt 12.
J. Dollar.... Seattle & Tacoma. 1 10 am Pier 1
>-^.?.- ; / . FROM SEATTLE. .
. Steamer. • . For. j Sails.
Spokdtritf. Skapw n> & Way Ports. I Au». 4
Roanoke.. .... Nome & St. Michael.. .|Auir. 4
.Al-Kl... Skagway & Way Ports.JAug. 4
Dlfigo. Skagw ly Ac Wj>- Ports. Aug. 4
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Aug. 7
Dolphin ' SkfiRivay & Way Ports. Aug. 7
City Seattle... Skagway &'Way Ports.|Aug. 9
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports.|Aug. 11
City.Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports.lAug. 14
Cottaico City.. Skagway & Way Ports.|Aug. 15
Oregon Nome |Aug. l(j
Santa. Ana CQoks Inlet & Way Pts. Aug. lfl
Tamplco. . Nome & St. Michael.. .| Aug.. 17
Public Administrators Must Fay.
City Attorney Lane advised the County
Clerk yesterday to make demand upon the
Public Administrator and the ex-Public
Administrators for the amount of all
clerks' fees charged against .them In pro
bate administration. Lane suggests that
an itemized statement of all fees which
the books show to be unpaid be served
upon each of the persons . upon whom
such demand should be made and request
them to forthwith pay such sums to the
County Clerk. ... .
Massachusetts' prison, .population is
larger by 125 than it was a year ago, the
total July 1 being 6346.
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydropraphlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Au
gust 3, 1003. , . .
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly" at noon to-day, 1. e.. at noon
of the 12Cth meridian, or at M p. m. Greenwich
time. . J.' C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in Charge. .
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1903.
10
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
'¦¦¦-¦.¦ • .. - ¦¦¦¦¦,¦
California
Limited..,
to CHICAGO
SrjBj^^ An Ideal Train
IlilMlliit] or ose
Seek -te Best
'¦¦¦¦'.-¦ SANTA FE TEAINS '
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. . '
I Local | Lim'd I Local I Ov'rl'd
1 Dally I Dally | Daily | Daily
Lv. San Fran'..| 7:30 a| 9:30 a 4:00 p 8:00 p
At. Stockton... 110:40 a|10:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
•• Merced ..... 1:05 p 1:55 p ....... 1:24 a
"Fresno 2:40 p 3:20 p 8:15 a
"Hanford ... (4:68 p 4:07 p 7:S0a
" Vlsalia .... <4:53p,4:48p 5:00 a
" Bakersneld . 7:15 p 6:0U p 7:M a
¦" Kansas City 2:25 a 7:0Oa
"Chicago ........... 2:18 p 8:47 p 1
a for morning; p for afternoon. .<• %
7:80 a. m. Dally Is Bakentfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:65 a. m. dally:''.
9:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday la the
CAiarOBWIA LIMITED, Cirrylnc P»l-
aco . Sleeplag: . Cars and Dining .Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car tuns to Bakers-
field for accommodation of. local first -class pas.
sengem. No second-class ticket, are honored
on this train. Correspondlnr train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.; .-<;....
9:30 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers*
field and San Francisco. > Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 d. m. daily. ¦ :, -. /* .
. . 4 :00 p. m. Is Stockton Local. - Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally. '¦•->- \, .
8:00 p. m. Dally Is the. Overland Express
with through Palace and • Tourist Sleeper* and
Free * Reclining Chair ' Cars to , Chicago: . also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. 'Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
; • Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leave Snn Francisco every
Monday,. Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m. |
(Offices — 641 Market street, and In Ferry D*»
pot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
SOUTHERN d PA£I£IC
Ofsla Line. Foot f Market Btr*et 1 - _
'hat* - r»«» APeurr t- tx»- - A » >TJ
' 7.00a Benlda, Salsun, Kimlr. .ad &*cnr
meato ••• «|J
7.08a VsesTllIe, Wlaters. *«*»*Zr'.lV£i '* 9
7J»a Martlaes. 8«a Ramoo, Valleja,
7-33a KBes. Urermore. L«ll»r«p. 8^>«K- 7
|.00a D»^tVc^laa^BlViulii«to«.
M.rysTllle. OroTni*.^(eoaaewtt
.tM.rytTUle for GTldley.Blm
.ad cbw*> ,Jt5;
8 10 a Atlantic Express-OftleB aad Kmi. IBM*
•.00a Port Costs. Martlae*. Aatloeh. By-
roB,Trscy.8tocs:to«,S»er«me^lo.
Los Rmno«. Meadota, Haaford.
Vlsatla, PorterTllle VZiT m *- Z9r
8.00a Fort Coato, Marttaer. Traey. U*-
rop. Modesto. Moreed. Fresao.
Oosnen Jcnetlon, Baaford. VI-
¦alia. Baktrtfleld -••"¦•¦•:'"' *¦***
|.Ma SB.su BxprMs-Dafi.. -
(for Bartlett Sprligs). Willows. „
tFrwto. Bad Bluff. rortlaad...... 7M»
8-30a KHes. 8aa Jose, "vennore. 8I»«»-
too,IoB».8acTaBieBt«.r!ae«t^Ule.
Mary stUIc. CWoo. Ked Bluff. . -• - •Z» F
8-30a Oakdale. Chiaeie. Jamestown. 8«-
¦era, Tuolpmne and Ancsl JflJ
900a M»rtInez.adW.y8Ut!oa« i? ifii
1000a V.l!ejo_ •&Z{ZZ121
«10.00a El Pmo P»s«earer. *^*™*~-
Port Costa, Martinez. Byroa.
Tracy. Latarop. Stockton.
Merced. K.ymond Froano, Haa-
ford. Vlsalla. BaJteTaneld. Loo
Aogales an4 El Paso. (Westr
bound arrlTes yI» Coast Llae)... «1 JOT
1000a The Orerland Lrmlted — Ogden,
Dearer. 0maba.ChIc.r2......... I"'
1200m Bayward. NlIesaadWay8uUoa«. 3.2W
IIJJOp Sacramento Rl»er Steamers^ tHUJOP
3Mr Benlcla, TTInter*. B««eramenf<>.
Woodland. Williams, CoIbs*.WI1-
lows. Knights Landing. Marys- -_
Tllle, OroTlile and way station*.. 10.»5*.
330p Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 75SF
4.00* Msrtlnei.SaBlUinoa.ValleJo,N.pa, __
CftlUtoga. Santa Rosa ... ,*i2*
4.00T Martinez. Traey.Lathrop.Stocktoa. «0||^
4 OOP Ntles. Llrermore. Stockton. Lodl.. *J9*
4.30r Hayward. Niles. Irrlagton, Saa » +OW*
Jose. Ll»ermore \ *¦»-•»*»¦*>
BOOp The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlare,
Bakersileld. Loa Angeles; con-
nects at Saujus for Santa Bar-
bara. : ¦•»»*
E60r Port Coita. Tracy, Stockton. Loa
Baao.
t5 30p Haywsrd. Nlles aad Baa Joso ,t$|*
6 00p Hayward, X lies and San Jose 1U-Z34
6.00F ' Oriental Mail— Ogdea. DeaTer.
Omaha. St. Loots. Chicago aad
' £ut (Carries Pallmwi Car pas —
¦ . sengers only oat of Ssa Frsa-
- ctsco. Tourist ear and coach
• passengers tske 7.00 r. m. train
to Reno, continuing tnenee la
their cars C p.m. t rain eastward.. 4.25'
Westbound. Soaset Limited.— -
From New York. Chicago. New
Orleans, El Paso. Los Aageles.
Fresno. Berecda, Raymond ( from
Yosemlte). ?*artinex. ArrlTes.. 125a
7.00f SsB-rablo, Port Costa, Martins*
and Way Stations 'Hi*
J7X0P Vallejo 7.8&>
70Cp Port coata. Beniel*. Snlsnn, Dm»l».
Sacramento^ Truckee. Bfj».
Stopa at all stations east of
SaeTamento 7-oaA
8X5? Oregon * California Express— Sac- - :.-; .
rsmento. MarysTltle. ReddtBK. _ _*_"¦
Portlsnd. Puset Sound aad East. 8.55a
:9.10p Hsyw.rd, Ulles and San Jose (Sua-
dayoaly) tiiBS*
11.25F Port Costs, Traey. Lathrop. Mo-
desto. Merced, Kaymoad (to Yo-
semlte). Fresao, llaaford. VI- ____
sail*. Bakenfle Id 1ZZB»
COAST LINE l.iarn.w tu.f,).
(Foot of Market Street.)
}7 45a Saata Crnz Ezcursloa (Snaday
only) tt-1fl»
I.15a 5ewark. CeaterTtlie. Saa Josa.
Feltoa. Bonlaer Creek. Stnta
Crox and Wsy Stations 8 25P
t2-16P Kewsrk. Centerrnie. Saa Joso,
Kew Almaden. Los G»tos.F-;ton.
Boalder Creek. Saata Crat aad
Principal Way Stations 10418*
4.15r Newark. Sao Joae. Los Oatoo aad
way stations (oa Saturday an«l
Sunday mas tBrongh to Saata
Craz; Monday only from Santa
Crni). Conaeets at Felton to
and from Bonlder Cr^ek tl.BBl
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SAN If K A}. CISCO, Foot of Market at. (SlI? t>
— f7:I3 »:U> 11:00 a.m. 1X0 300 5-15 r.M
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0O J3:Jt
li-.CKi 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 400 pis.
COAST LINE (Bn»«.l tiaat»>.
IW ( t'alr'l nod 'l'ownarad Stroeta.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations.. 7*3Cp
?7 00a San Jone and Way Stations..... ... 630p
/800a New Almaden (Toes., Frtd-V /i.\0r
57.15a Monterey and Santa Crnz Exrnr- ¦
slon (Sunday only)........ tS 30*
•XOa CoastLIno Limited— Stops only Ssn
Jose,GHroy.Bollister,Ps]aro.Ca^
troTtlle. 6alinaa, San Ardo, Paso
KoM«». Santa Martrtrlta.S.B Lois
Obtsjw>.(prtnclpal stations thence)
Santa B*rbara.Saugus aad Loa Aa-
Kdes. Connection at Caatrorlllo
to and from Mon terry and Paclne
GroTe and at Fajaro north bound
from Capltola and Santa Craz.... 10*45*
• COa Esn Jose. Tres Plnos. Cspltola,
8aDtaCraz.PactQcGroTe,SallBas,
Saa Lnia Ohlspo aad Principal
'ii Intermediate Stations 4.10*
WestbouBd El Pa«o Passenger. —
From ChicngtvEt Paso. Los As-
.___ geles. Santa Daxbara. ArrlTes.. 1.30»
JOJOa Ean Jose and Way Station*...*.... 1.20*
11 -00a Cemetery Passenger— South Saa
„ __ Francisco, San Bruno T.OSp
liooA gan Jose. Los G.tot aad Way Sta- • - '
tlons ., B.3fc>
"l"sS* San Jose and Way Stations x700>
*00p 8an Jose and Way Stations 1940a
Z.3UP Cemetery Passenger — South Saa
______ Frandfco. San Bruno 4.35r
T «3X0r Del Monte Kxprrns— Santa Clara.
Sao Jose, Del Moate. Monterey,
Pscifle Grove (connect* at Santa
Clara for Santa Craz. Boulder
Z Tn» » CTCrlc * nd >>'«rrow Gau(t« PotnU) H2.1S*
m*or Barlingarae. San Mateo. Redwood,
MenloPark. Palo Alio. Majyfleld.
Mountain Vlew.Xawreaee. Santa
Clara, San Joae, Gl.roy (conneo-
tlon for Holllster. Tres Plnos).
¦P.Jtro (connection for WstMB-
rllle. Capitola and S.nU Craf),
- ¦ . - Pacific GroT« aad way statloas.
• Connects at CmuotUIo for Sa-
. _. Unas 10.45a
. J -30* San Jose and Way Statloas 838a
T6 COr Saa Jose. (tI» Santa Clara) Los
Gatos. Wright aad Prladpal Way
__,„ 8tttlons rt.COA
|5J0p SsnJosenndPrlnctpalWaySUtloB. tt-OO*
TBIar 6.n M»teo.Berf sfor4.Belmoat.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Otis. '.
.,„ Menlo Park. Palo Alto t«-4SA
*.30p San Jose and Way Stations... ...... » 33a
7-tOr Saoset Limited. Baatbonsd.— Sam
Lnls Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Los
: -- -'. . Aageles, Demlag. El Paso. New
Orleans. New York. (Wertboaad
, . •niTesTl»Si«nJcH«taV»«l«J>... wt-«»
8.00* P.tb Alto sa.1 Wsy Stations 10.18a
»11-5Cp Mlllbrae. Palo Alto aad Way Su-
tloas rt-43i«
• 11 40» UlUbrae, Saa Jose aad Way 8ta>
Hobs f.4SJ»
A for Morning. f f or Attaraoasw ~"^
X Satnrday and Snaday oaly.
I Stops at .11 station* on Sunday.
. t Sunday uccpted. ' t Sunday oaly.
a Saturday only.
d Cooaecu at Goshea Jc with trmlns for H»afw*
Vl»nll». At yresao. for VlaaHa rU Saa jet.
• Via Coast Linn. / Tuesday aad Friday.
«• AniTe Tia Nile*. •• Daily except Saturday.
tcVla Saa JoaqulB VaUey. .
1 Stop* Saata Clara south boand only. Connsois,
'icrpt Sunday, for all point* Narrow Gang*.
t7*0aly tralas stopping at Valencia St. louthbooat)
.re 1:10 a.m.. 11:00 a.m., 3:30 r.n. and t:30 r.u.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave fla SioaaUts f«rry -Arrivw
SaaFraa. »»>* 1 Harks* * SojiFraa.
Week San- >SbW 'Swa- (W«5T
Par*, days days Days.
9:45* »:OOa fSggGiBihak 19:00n»:14a
l:45r 9iOOa K«gsSsS& ! fy it'.&Or 3:30f
S:lftrlO:OOA 3:1Op S:Mr
11:3Oa > »3S ! S' *¦**.+ •
— : l:aor »"•
; »:SBp| . .^Sr s-.oor
Islarfays aaly. Maw fttwra T 9:3OT,arrrw8J. il»»O»
rictir J ft» Masmmt St^ (North Shore RailroadJ
OmCB ( andSAUSAUTO Fsxi.t, Foot Mart**
The Best Way East
If ycro enjoy grand scenery there's
only one way for yoo to go east — Tia
. Salt Lake City, Denver and the Bur-
lington Route, the scenic line across
the continent.
Burlington tourist ears by this way
' leave California three times a week for
.the East.. There are no changes or
delays— yon go right through to Omaha
and Chicago, or Kansas City and
St. Louis. ' Connections at these cities
for all points beyond.
Scenic attractions are not all — will be
glad to tell you about the others.
Call if you can, but -write me a lino
if you can't
W. D. SANBORN, Gen'l Agent Burlington Routs,
631 Market St, San Francisco. Cal.
692 " Phone. Main 1188.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN KY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAC1F1S
BATBWAY COMPANY.
Tttmron Terry, Toot of Market St.
SAK'FBAXCISCO TO SAN BATAEIi.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 aad 11:30
• p. m. - . -
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30 8:00 9:30. ll:0Oa. m.; 1:30.
2:30 3:40. 5:10 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
BAN EAFAEL TO SAH 7BAKCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:05. 6:60. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20,
11:15 a. m.; 12:55. t2:00. 3:40. 8:00. 5:20.
6:25 p. in.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p. m
SUNDAYS — C:50. 7:S5 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:60 «:0O". r.:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m. t
tExcept' Saturdays.
L*ave I In Effect I Atrtve
San Francisco. [ May 3. 1903. |S«n Francisco.
Week ! Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I W*elc
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:20 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00a 9:30a Ignacio. 10:2Oa 10:20a
2:S0p -2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:^° p 7:23 p
7 :*5 p
7:30a 7:30a ~ 7:45a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00a Novato. 10:20 a 10:2Oa
2:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:24 P
6:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p _2^30 p 7:23 P
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdaburt;. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Gcyservtllo. 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:.*0a| Hopland 110:20 a(10:20 a
2:30p|2:30p| and Uklah. |7:25p|7:25p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Wllllta». |7:25pt7:25p
~8:00al 8:00 a! Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p) Guernevlllc. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00a| Sonoma. I 8:40 ai 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:00 p|- 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al ' ]10:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. f 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyrervill* for Skargs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers. Booneville and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs, KelseyvWe, Carlsbad Springs,
Jsoda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside, Lierly's, Bucknell's. Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche, Camp Stevens, Hop-
kins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport,
Usal; at Willlts for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood, Canto. Covelo, Laytonvllle. Oim-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer,
Garbcrvllle Pepper-wood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
• On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket-office. 610 Market street. Chronicle
bulldin-.
H. C. WHITI2CQ. R. X. RYAN.
. i V Gen. Manager. . Gen. Paa. Agt.
" TO SA.4 RAFAEL,
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via- Sausalito Ferry
wrrv fi a Y S ( Holidays excepted)— 6 : 45.
?•7^5 £-45 rin.! a. m.. 12:20. U:45, 3:15.
4^15 t515 ••0 : 15 6:45 ». "=« P-. m ' ', • ,
:&.V al m. train days does-flot' run- 16
M1 <li'VnA e YS AND LEGAL HOLlDAYS^-7.
-» ~W tno; 11. tll:30 a, m.. t!2:3O. fl:30.
i-W »V-60 1 6 6 7:30. 9. 11:45 p.. m.
Trains marked C) run to San Quentln. Those
•v,aru.d <t>to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Satur-
S5S! bin Saturday, the .3:15 p. m. train run.
RAFAEL TO SAN KRAXCISCO
wSr day»-3:23- t8:2S. 7:40. 8:15 J9:35.
11^05 ». mf 12 :S °. 2:2 °- t3:«5. 4:50. »:30. 8:45.
1O r$NDAYS-«:1S. 7:33. t8:io. 9:40. J10:55,
tu"?^. r£. 12:M. «:30. 4:*O.*J5:5O^
?!••« 7-3R 10:20 p. m. - •. .
Trains marked (J) *tart from San Quentln.
VWOM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
nsOO— Week days-5:4o. 6:40. 7:45. 8:25.
»"oullO». m.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:10. 7:S
"flllNDAYS— 6:35, 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05
1L5 2-40 3M5. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. .0:40 p. mT!
1.05. Z.4W. • > T g ROU GH TRAINS. -
7:45 a. m.. week day*— CazAdero and way
"^•Ib'b. m.. week dayt (Saturday. except»d)—
Toniales and waytstatlona.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays— Cazadera and way
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 3 a. m., Caza.
dero and way stations.
Sunday, and Legal Holidays— 10 a, m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
..TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market st.
FERRY— Foot of Market st.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
DamianaBitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. IN VIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes,
The Mexican ' Remedy for. Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
S23 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular* * .
IV fMHBLlpw Nothing |
l^xfP' '' 7? vcstibulc^ pintsch oo g m as ; I
PjAV ! , and St a C C s taVthe other con- I
r|\ vcnicnccs of standard sleepers. The
1 is clean, second-class tickets acce P tc 2» I
I the berth rate, California to Chicago, is only ?^°°' jj
I Cars Itave San Francisco »ia the, "El Paso T#d£&ff$SEBif \\
M Short Line. 1 ', Wednesdays, Saturdays and iundays via .. I'fljliJGKlITJl U
i tb Tlcl C e'ss C ndVu n if information at Southern Pacific ticket I^IAOTMW |
M . offices, or by addressing <gpj^>l sSltnillMa Ll
H F. W. Thompson-. G. W. A., R-^&MMsgHaE j j ti
H 623 Market St., San Francisco, C»l. BsW >y ||
AD V iUvTISK'MT.irrS.
• — — 1 ~~-v
¦ b799S39 ivb&s torn m as
ISi3oSlSS% sBiT'iuj II 1 Is *¦
Positively cured by tbeso
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion aad Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect rrmedy for Dirriaess, Kausea, Drorrsl-
Bess, Bad Taste in the Month, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID IIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
THE MAN
WHO KNOWS
Will tell you that there's but one
laundry that's always dependable,
both in quality of work and prompt-
ness of delivery.
Ask phone South. 420 and get con-
nected with,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MA2KXT STBEET,
Near Pom-ell.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
TJsod bj people of refinement
'Xor over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great if
OF ANATOMY^
A g£ i:aJ£i.SZK^.l«:.£:l*?i > CT.Cd./|
T Car Tbt Larratt AnatotBtuI Museun to tbe \
A Vorid. \Veakne*«n or injr contracted A
V 55 3} d:5«J»f pMllilrlrrarMl^thf oldtlt f
© IB 3 1 !>pec3«Jiu on the Ccut. £tt 36 yw*. O
A £&¥?& DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN 4
\ 8 fP?5^D Consulutson fr»e and toirXSj prime. \
A [ jUCin TtMtTnCTIt pntoiiV.f or by letter. A §)
\ I if M « **"*"* OuntntmyttttiatieroAn. \
itif II m Write for Bock. rKILOSUPKT »t A
? * B 1^ **nniACii. maius rrEE. uf
A & IX «*ll>abl* too* fa* «n»n) \
9 DU. JOBDAK A CO.. US1 Market Ht.. 8. F. 9
Coal Reduction
I 2OOO* Pounds
'. Put In Your Bin
AMERICAN GANNEL $10
Sold br AU B«llable Dealen.¦EASTERN MARKETS.
'AVrt» York Stock Market.
NEW- YORK, Auff. S.— The stock market
-*-ttIfd ' down Jnto «n almost irnrjovab'le rut
to-day. :- Stocks cf the first clajss which trav
ersed * r«r.re of as much as a point might
fce numbered on the fingers of one band.
L'dta F&ciac was the most prominent of tuese
BERLIN, Auc. 3.— The North German
Gazette to-day printed at the head of Its
columns a statement regarding the nego
tiations at PeKlrrs' for the renewal of the
prohibition of the Importation of arms
Into China. ' The semi-official organ ad
mits that the representatives of the pow
ers failed to reach an . a*r*«m«nt to in
sist on a renewal of the two years* pro
hibition, which expires qn August' 23.- It
assumes that the Idea of an agreement
has been tacitly dropped and that each
power wilt; revoke its special order estab
lishing the prohibition. -
China May Import Arms.
18: No. 2 'foundry.- Northern/;** $18 50®19; No.
1 foundry • Southern, and No. 1 foundry. South
ern, -soft,' at $10 75<3'13. .
Visible Grain Supply.,
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— The visible supply cf
sraln Saturday/August 1, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, was as follows:
Wheat— 13,415,000 bushels; .Increase, 465.000
bushels Corn— 6.000.000 bushels; decrease;
321.000 bushels. Oats— 0,485,000 bushels; In
crease. 1.265,000 bushels. Rye — 658.000 bush
els; Increase,. 24.C00 bushels. Barley, 348.000
bushels; decrease. 17.CC0 bushels.
Nr& York Dry Goods Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.— The \dry goods mar
ket shows a slight Improvement In Jobbing
clrcleB, due to the presence of a. large number
of buyers. Orders are being restricted ' and
buyers are refusing to contract for the future.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— The .cotton market
opened steady at an advance of 1@5 points
and closed steady, net 1®5 points lower.
Northern Business. .
SEATTLE, Aug. 3.— Clearings, $820,744; bal
ances, MO'.SSS. ¦ * "'
TACOMA. Aug. 3.— Clearings. $269,t-SS; bal
ances. $20,284. ' - .
\ PORTLAND. Aug. 3.— Clearings,' $72J.fMX>;
balances, $67.5;;s. - ¦• • ¦ '
SPOKANE". Aug. 3.— Clearings, $424,256; bal
ances, $115,074.
Northern Wheat. Market:
OREGON'.
PORTLAND.' Ore., Aug. 3.— Wheat— \Valla
"Walla, 7e@77c; valley.' 70@S0c; bluestem.
79©S2c. •¦'¦ --". ¦ ¦ . .
j WASHINGTON;^ -• ' . /
j TACOMA. Wash., Aug. 3.— Wheat— Xom
1 inal and unchanged. Blueetem, .J&c*. elutn^Sc.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..— — - $4-844 :
1 Sterling Exchange, stfltht — ' 4 86%
Sterling Exchange cables 4 87*4
New York Exchange, eight — ' 7&
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10 .
Silver. Der ounce — 54*4
Mexican Dollars, nominal .. — 42
Wheat and Other Grains.
I WHKAT- Paris futures were higher. It
f is-as u holiday In Liverpool. The world's
1 shipments were as follows In quarters: Rus
' sian. 1M.0C0; Danubian. 53,000; Areentinp,
151,(XiO; Indian, 107.C0O. The American visible
¦ supply increased 4i>t.CH)i) hushols.
I Chicago was several fractions lower. The
! market was strong at the opening on further
, bad cro;> advices, hut afterward eased off.
t'There wa« a good Southwestern demand, but
considerable long Wheat was dumped. The
blight damage in South Dakota and Minnesota
turns out to be the Hessian fly.
I ! In this market futurfs wer? weaker, but cash
I grain was higher all around, with active buy-
Ling and bidding by millers, who are badly In
need of suuplles. The farmers are holding
back, hence prices are higher. ¦ '
CASH WHKAT.
1 " California Club. *1 4*<?<1 50: California
r "White Australian. $1 5»Kf I «i2"^; Northern
[Club. $1 4.*i; N'orthrrn Blue Stem. "1 "i5; Ore-
I son Valley, ft *.•_•&.
.[ FCTUKES.
j Seefeicn !) to 11 :.1O a. in.
' Open. High. Low. Close.
|Decembei ...?1 4:^ ?1 4ti!4 $1 4S% ?1 1S%
1! p. ni. sessiun.
Op^n. High. Lov.-. Close.
'l><wrr:u<.r ...$1 4>>-. SI 4M» $1 47% 4T*x
May *1 47% :.
UARLEV — Thr> week cpened with an easier
market for bcth < ash strain ami futures and
' liberal receipts. The demand was nothing ex
tra. ;
! CASH BARLET. . ,
j Feed. 51 0"-fcl 07'a; new Shipping and Brew
'ing, $1 imti 17 = 3; Chevalier. . f 1 'JUQl 10 for
• fair to choice.
'¦ FUTURES. . =
Session 'J to 1 1 :'M a. m.
Open. High. IiO\v. C\»e*.
.December ...$1 00 $1 iC»"t, $1 Co $1 Co*,
" p. m. yehgicn.
! .. Open. High. Low. Clos" 1 "
December .,.$1 v.f>« 2 .<l 03>i $1 O3',i $1 05U
OATK-- The OTCO ctls that came down from
Oregon had been mostly «u)d prior lo arrival.
They are old cro>> whites. The . market con
tinues steady at lull fluuivs-, „ . ;
- White.. *1'^US1 «0; Ulack. • $1 VJtV^t 20;
I Red. $1 12».i8it 17'/«! for tummon and »l iUt/F
! 1 TiVi for choice; Oray. nominal. •
; CORN—- The high prices t-tlll rule, with very
light stocks and a good dpmand.
California . lurge Vcllow. 05ji I CO; sriiall
round do..$l 70«/i 7i; White. Jl bZdj 1 u>; Egjp
tiun. $1 400 1 50 for White and $1 ity a 1 4j lvr
Urown. •
HYK— Firm at $1 17',^Q1 'Z2K j>o r ell.
j BUCKWHEAT— r-i 20y'J So ptr ctl.
Flour and" Millsfuffs.
I FLOUri— California Family Extras, $4 COJ*>
,*4 85 usual terms; ftakers' Extras, i\ 50^4 Cu;
1 Orm'on and Washington. $:< CO©* I'O per bbl
! for family and fit VOtii 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Frice« In rackagrs ara aa
': follows: Graham Flcur. $a'tO per ICO lbs; Rye
I Flour. 13 ::¦.; Hye Meal. $1; atce Klour. $7
= Corn Meal. $3 HO; extra cream do. $4 ;>-,- oat
i Groats, ti 50; Hcmlny, $4 1'5®4 50; Buckwheat
; Flour. "4 WHJU 75; Cracked Wheat. $.$ 75; Fa^
I rina, $i 00; Whole "Wheat Flour, |3 73; Rolled
f Oat*, bbis. $79» W); in sacks, $G to^s ioj
• Pearl Barley. »0: Spilt Peas, boxes. |T; Green
I l'eais. :5 00 per 100 lbf>. . '
I . . ..-,-: — :.
Hay and Fecdstuffs.
Receipts of Hay continue large, but the
market U HtandinK up very w»ll. The choice
grades show no easiness, but the medium anil
lower grades. are somewhat easy. Most of the
good to. choice wheat Hay is going at $11 00
•fl.'l SO. There were lti<) cars on the market.
Quotations show some change. Good Straw I3
getting K.ar< «¦ and the market is working
around lirmer.
There Is no further change In Feedstuff s.
All ar«- firm.-
BKAN—$'.!4 50S25 30 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 127930 per ton
SHORTS— *24»1'.\ per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23©24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26226 60
jobbing. $27®27 50; Cocoanut Cake, none here;
Corn Meal. $33®34; Cracked Corn. $33 60®
34 CO; Mixed Feed. $23021; Hor«e. Beans. $30
per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $10 B0«?14; Whfat and Oat,
$10 r>t*fi13; Oat, $10 50<gia; Barley, $»JilO ."iO:
Clover. $0 50®ll; Stock, $8®0; Alfalfa. $1) 0o<»
11 per ton. - . •
STRAW— 50@00c per v bale.
Beans and Sjeeds.
¦ ¦
I . Dealers continue to report r quiet and un
changed market for Beam;. There Is no fur
ther change in Seed*.
BEANS— Bayos. $3 60*J3 70: Pea. $3 253
3 CO; Butters. $3 25: small White. $3 15®'*. 30;
large White. $2 »0<S>3 15; Pink. $2 90®.J;
Red. $2 00^3: Lima. $3 4503 60; Red Kidneys,
nominal: Blackeye. $2 00@3 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 25®1 35. . ,
SEEDS— Brown Mustard nominal; Tellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 70®l 80: Canary.
ft<if,5 1 /jc for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
l%©2^c: Timothy. «e«iWc: Hemp. :M4@J»,ic
per lb; Millet. a©3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $2Otrf
23 per ton. ' 1
DRIED TEAS-'Green. $2®2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
. Choice offering* of new Potatoes In boxes
were In limited .supply and firm at higher
rated. Common offerings in sicks were easy,
the demand being light, receipts heavy und. the
carry-over from Saturday large, a consign
ment of 143 sacks of choice Salinas stock enme
In and sold at $1 UO per cental. Sweet Pota'
toes were offering' freely .and sold fairly. . On
ions were In moderate receipt 'and steady.
The vegetable market was amply supplied;
and although the demand • was fair Drices of
several' descriptions ranged lower. The- mar
ket wa« still glutted with tiVer Tomatoes, und
despite the low prices stocks -continued to ac
cumulate. For the general- 'run or*off*rlnga
no reasonable offer was- refused and the small
UO-lb boxes were simply unsalable. Cucumbers,
Summer- Squash. ¦. ECU' Plant- and Green Pep
pers continued very- weak' and ' were quoted
lower. A few small consignments of pickle
Cucumbers came In and Bold at 00c per box,
about 2c per lb. Choice Green Corn and String
Beans -were steady. The other vegetables were
unchanged. ¦ ,,.,_,. - r «,»•"¦•¦'>¦''
a POTATOKS— New White, iOc(J?$l 20 per etl
in sacks and$l tt»©l ¦«•"» in boxes, with some
lancy hither: Early; Hose, 75e<8$l; Garnet
Chiles. • $1 tfl 15: Sweet . Potatoes from the
river, .loner lb.'- •¦-. -'.;.'. ';
¦ ONIONS— C0075c per ctl. . •¦' ; ¦
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. $1 25®! 50. per
sack: crates from Alameda, $1 75©2; from Berke
ley $1 5O<8>1 "5: Asparagus. .51w2 HO per box;
Green Peas, 4igt5c pet; Ibr String Beans. 2© lc
per lb- Wax. 30'lc; Lima Beans. 44J5c per Ibr To
matoes, 16@^10c for large-boxes from the river;
Summer , Squaah, 2O?i35c per box; Cabbage, 75c
(ft$l per ctl; Carrots. 75cfl$l per sack; Cucum
bers. 25<S35c per box; Garlic, 2&@!;s c p« r lb;
Green Peppers. 25@40c per box for Chile and 40
(SCOc for Bell: Green Okra. 60(tf75c per box;
Egg Plant. 50&75C. per box. ;.- , , . ¦
Poultry and •Game. :
There was very' little doing In Poultry, the
market being practically bare. Only 8 coops
of domestic stock came In on the morning ex
press and there was no Western offering. A
car of Western Is scheduled , for to-day's mar
ket. ' ¦ '
There was no great demand for Game, but
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— f \ccordfns to tha
police, Mrs. John Henry Ketcham, wl(»
of the congressman from the Eighteenth
New York District, was dangerously in
jured by a thief whom she discovered. in
her apartments at her residence here'dn
returning from a shopplhg expedition,
tier assailant hurriedly escaped without
completing- the- robbery. Pie took a* small
amount of money and some Jewelry. A
heavy poker.- was used by the robber.
Mrs. Ketcham's collarbone was- broken,
a deep gash was cut over her left tern-'
p^e and she was nearly strangled with a
handkerchief!
Thief Strikes Mrs. Ketcham Wit*
Poker and Chokes Her Witfc
*.:> Handkerchief. . t •":.
CONGRESSMAN'S WIFE
ATTACKED BY BURGLAR
DENVER, Aug. 3.— Govtirnor Peabody
to-day answered the petition of the Idaho
Springs Miners' Union asking protection
from the State against the- banishment of
the union miners by the Alliance organi
zation of Idaho Springs, also protection
by military for them in the event they re
turn to their homes. The Governor says
that the expelled miners will have to seelc
redress through the courts at Idaho
Springs, and that under the constitution
and laws of the State he is not veste-1
with the power or authority to act In tha
matter.
EXPELLED MINERS MUST
SEEK AID OF THE COURTS
Governor Peabody Says He Has No
Authority to Act in the
Matter.
parts of the-State during the past forty
eight hours are to-night practically at a
standstill, and no. further serious ri*' is
expected. The biggest of the streams, tho
Kansas River, Is rising slowly at Kansas
City and for- a* short distance Tvest of
here, but ,at no. place along its length is
the water near the danger line.
At Kansas City the Kansas River has
risen over three feet in the past twenty
four hours, and ths Jllssourt Is up two
feet, but it must go several feet beyond
this to do any material damage, and as
no further rains are reported from tha
West to-day, a j-radual fall !s expected.
TJ\?re was 3ome uneasinci t Argentina
and Armourdale, suburbs 01 i\ansas City,
that suffered during the great flood, but
it was unwarranted. The only damaga
likely at Kansas City is from driftwood ti>
some of the temporary bridges erected
here. The current is swift, and the men
were out all day steering the driftwood
clear of the structures.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 2.— Kansas
streams raised, by, cloudbursts at' two
points and- steady- downpours ' in other
. Weather Report.
< 120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
.SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. X— 5 p. m.
. c a '2 o « ••si
a = 3 =3 ?~ " ¦£* «
; eTA-noNs.'- $ -|| |f;|i |ft ' I
* " - • ? ? -• " '
l!aker S0.M 70 42 NW Clear .00
'•'•arson' .; : 2*J.M _fij 4« "W Clear' .«>0
Kureka .....„,'&*. <*. 5S S2 NW <Mear • .<*)
Fr««no 2ft.SU- 100 C2 . W Olear .00
"ri«-Bta*r ..-., 82 44 PW .f»
Independence 'ria*. 74 ".»2 «c PE <:ieaf .<>0
Los Afcgple«;,.2a."H» 74 K> sw <"!ear .00
Mt Tamalpajs.2a.t14 76 <Xi. NW- Clear M
NortlitU^ad.. .5i».16 «H| M .NW Cloady .*«
Phoenix '.28.72 104. : 74 XIV Clear. .<*)
Pocatello ...J.T.U7C, yj Qi W. _ PtjCUrTt;
Portlarjd . .*.-«i. M «1k T<4 ' NW Pt.«"4-1y .<»i
Point fteyes. . .29. M 56- 4* NVV «'lfar .(*}
Red .Bluff. ......2a.-* U4 «4 SE Clear . .Oo
Ilowbvjrg: . . .,„.». 12 7« 44 NE " Clear .00
Harrsniejuo :, .2».^n2 W> .',4 R Clear .<»)
Salt I>ake 2".« . «i*i »4 74 S Clear .00
r^an l>*ncisca'.29.04 ."¦« "K» SW Clear .00
Fan L;.Ot>tFpo.2*<.M 74 44 ' W Clear '.00
Sun Dle?o...^St.SS 70 «4 IV Oear .(Hi
S'-a-tio--^..". ...:;n.l2; «4 r-4 SE «'loudy .O<J
j^j- .txtff 70 «S S\V cloudy .<*>
TktcofK .X...S0.12 r.4 B2*6*a* Rain .OH
Walla W«;la...29.«}*! 78 .'.2 S Clear .Oti
Wtnneniuoca. .-..:, .. 54 „
Yunat' . '. '; .'Sa.Tg' l'H 78 S . tyitir'. .<J0
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
' ~? . FORECAST.
Yh^r» has V***a but little change in pressure
firing -th* pai>t twenty-f<Mrr hour* en the Pa
dflc Coan. Tf-.e temperature <-ontinu«-s below
t*}e *nnrtr.al pei^rally in California and Ne
v%<ia. hut warr. weather ms.v be expected
Turrfcdaj-. No rain has fallen west cf the Rocky
Mountains except at Tatof^h Island. High
, -vlr.d* are reported in Southern L'tah.
Forif'-art u :.'-.c at San Francisco for thirty
bom •ruling TnidnUrht, Aujrupt 4:
Northern f^iiforcia — F»ir Toe«5ay; warmer
light jtrmherly v!nd*. '
Southern California— Fair Tuesday: licht
.westerly winds,
Nevada— Fair Tueyij^y; warmer.
. fan Francisco end . vicir-ity— Fair Tuesday
marrner; Urbt r-rtherly win**, changing to
brisk eouthwefctrrly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
. • . . District Forecaster. ¦
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
t*rmty-four i,.,ui> rndinu •*> p. m.;
120th meridian time, San Francisco. Aujjust S.
. STATIONS. I I |= : f" P"
.''lavnUlf a.*.- .V; .. Clear "7.
<>luea ..:..... KU X'i .. Clear •
Kureki ., •*>'» ''2. •.. <"l r -ar NW ]o
Fresn* •.,..¦"...-. 1W *>i .. Clear \V r
Hvnford ...,...K»4 W ¦ .. a*ar
Hoiliiter ..^.. 7!>- 41 .. «:iear ¦ ¦ ,-; ]
In<lepen«J*nce ,. :C *¦('• .. Clear ST2 j-j
Kirg sGii}- .t.^Kl i~ ... Clear. N
U»*rnoi* ....-.•«(» 49 -- t;iear '
Lo* Angel** ... 74 tM .. Clear SW ¦, ¦: 19 j
N«-wni»n» K12 .'I,,.. -Clear ...'.
Palermo *...... '.U .%*-.. <:iear H -
Portervllle .... .•>. ;.s .. Oear NW
Red Bluff... iii C* .. Clear SE Lt
Klv;rrfide ..„;.• M5-.&O ..•- «1tar '
fcacramer.to .'.» fi(5 34 '.. <"le«r S 10
San ifUMhi 1 l-^:t*O'- 'UgTfcV Cl*ar ' W .8
San ! r ri.zicin>u>.. -.V;- 5O" ... < :icar W 2S
Pan Z-rpt^-,.. .;^C 11' 43 .• . .' Clear
iL>t*t.>]K» ..74 44 .. Clear W LU
-.la Uaria- .. 72 * 5:* ¦ .. i"lear 'W...'' ..;
ntaRO^a ... M 41 .. Clear ....
"kton .^a.. M .'•*».. <Mear :... .,
l!»r,i W M .. Cloar S • ..
WEATHER ANt> CROP CONDITIONS. "
lat^ord-^Cutting;. j.< t !,«-; large crop; <ju-l
exct-rtr'm ?. r>ruj»f crop fair.
no»-erdale— .$*vcf l»atr;r gr»pea Jn market.
lUrrs*4^rA)4'ie trpo in mountain section
ht i.d fci:d,ur.t cf . Kpring front,
.hcxciwre— :H*a<.i!r.g finii«h€<!. . ¦'¦
JriJaaa— All-ciojn in good condition.
Vjyo»-*"?--C,rcp fibundant. - , '¦¦';-:¦ ." <
;enla M»ri«— I'ontlnucus ct>ol weathert and
•Tianj^^rror) «-Gnditiong. ¦
•X'iflstoiii-ltnmirzi** goantlty of watermelons
ng to v. .- t'j- in the vicinity of Lodl account
Xjt tar>. ' . .'
Palcrnifr— Weatht r is favorable for all dried
iruiU- ', ' A. O. McADIE.
Section Director. '
Rain Ceases Palling and
Rivers Are Below
Danger Line.
the light-, receipts cleaned up well at steady
prices. . -. , •
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair. »1 25@1 60; Goslings, *1 28@1 00;
Ducks, $3 60©4 per dozen for old and *4®4 50
for young; Hens, $4®5; young Roosters, $t$@
8; old Roosters. ?4 50@5; Fr>-ers. $4@4 BO;
Broilers V<*@3 60 for large and $2 60@3 for
small; Pigeons, $1 BO per dozen for old and
$1 50 for Squabs. „
GAME— Rabbits. SI 25@1 75 per dozen;
Hare, $1 25®1 50; Wild Doves," $1 per dozen. •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another car of Eastern Butter was received,
increasing the weakness of the market. Deal
ers are carrying more than they can work off
and 24c is now the too of the market for the
great bulk of the Boods, 25c : betnx realized
only in a small and occasional way. Posted
buyers can get all the fine creamery 'they; want
at 24c. ¦ : . ' • ." - ; ¦¦• - - ----- >« , va--- • ¦ • , i :
Cheese contlnuesMn good supply and mu let,
with. -no' outside. orders of anyconseuuente. '
Eggs rule firm at full figures, with' con-,
tlnually decreasing receipts. The tendency 1s
toward -still - higher prices and . some „ dealer*
are already Quoting a- small advance.' 1 ¦
Receipts ¦ were 32,600 lbs Butter, 061 cases
Eggs and 40,900 lbs Cheese. . '< - .y-- ,.
.BUTTKR — Creaiflery. *M<Z2Sc; dairy.' 22V4W
24c; store -Butter. 17©20c; Eastern. 22#22*4C.
CHKKSE—-New. >'12"A«rlSc: Youn« America. .
11Vj@15c;' Eastern, 1 15H@16c; Western, 14®
15v wr H>." ...• — ..
EGGS— Ranch. 27^5&28c for large white se
lected and 25$t*!7c for good to choice; store,-.
1S624C; Eastern, lS®21c per dozen. >
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. '¦'
¦An easy feeling prevailed throughout- the
r 'market for fresh frujts, p'wing to ahe^indlf-.
ference^crf canners, the light local demand.and i
the abundance' of" poor and farrled-over 'stock;-
The canners- wer.a unable to, handle. any. larxe
quantlty-.-uf Peaches. Pliims-or Apricots, being,
overloaded with •Barflett Pears, chiefly, con-
tract fctocJt. . J'eaciieg tm basketscontlnuedeasy
nmi sold on the wharves at easier prices.' No..
2 Harriett Pears were very, dullanl ltiere were^
several *tn6uiand .boxes .still unsold 'On the^
wharf -at Ihe'cltse of business. Or. the i-treet;
ttfert ' waiv a steady • inquiry for good* 1 sound..;
¦Plums -and. hard Peaches, suitably packed.. Ipr*
shipment north-, on . the Puget Sou:ul steamer i
and such stock readily commanded full figures. !
Figs, 'too, were steady under light receipts, 1
but the general run of fruits In small boxes I
and crates were In free supply and easy. Can
taloupes and Nutmeg Melons arrived freely and
were in fair request, Watermelons were fairly
steady, with supplies ample. Receipts pf
Berries were light and choice offerings con
'tlnued to sell well at steady prices. Logan
berries and Currants . have about had their
run and the quotations are withdrawn. | The
demand for Citrus and tropical fruits was
limited and prices had no noteworthy change.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@S per chestfor I>ong
worths and $:i 5t*@5 for the iarger varieties.
nASPBERRlES— $4«jO per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— ?2 50©4 per chest.
HUCKLEUERRIES— 10c per lb.
APPLES— COce?l per box for choice and
fancv and 354ioOo for common: Crabappies. -0
©40c for small boxes and 50iJi75c for large.
PEARS— Bartletts. t5c£f* for wrapped; larg»
open boxes. 75CBS1 for (no. i - ami -«ii^«. .. t
No. 2; to earners. $2.T<fl35 per ton for No. 1;
Dearborn Seedlings, 5iK&b0c. for large open
boxes. ' . • • .
FIGS— 7."ic(&$l 25 per box. - .
' PLUMS — 5W®(l"'e rer crate anJ SSQlOo per
box; to caiiners,'?15.'jf25 prr ton. ' ' '-'¦ •- '
NFCTAR INKS'— 4ti«j«5- \* r wjx or- crate.
APRICOTS — 4('<&C0o for. email boxes and 75a
©*1 for larse: to canuers. $M<&& psr ton.
PEACHES — 20^5Cc tor small bo-cea and 4C'tf
75c for large; to canners. $20^25 per to.i ;
baskets from tiie river, lMiJi'Jc. 'J
All£LON5--->"aiit»iUUi«». » (<ii 2Z\ .for ... "in I
cratf s and ?2'g2 5.0 for large crates from Win
ters and the river; Nutmeg Melons. .".Oc«*l
per box or crate; Watermelons, *5<f20 per
hundred.
GRAPES — Fontainebleau. 4CSi0c per box
and COOTQc per crate; Rose of Peru. 75cf«?l
per crate; Seedless, §101 CO per crare.
2 tu i>erboj.: seeiiltr.fcs-. *lul .0-, Valencia*.
¦>1 30Si.'{: St. Mirhatfls. *2{J3: Mediterranean
Sweets $1 25®1 50: Lemons. 50cfJ$2 50; Grape
Kruit. $lfil -*5; Mexican Limes. $tgi 50; Ba
nanas. <1 C0«i2 50 per bunch tor Central Amer
ican and 7*iCi{j$l Do lor Hawaiian; Pineapples.
H &C4f2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins, Honey.
The Davlsville Almond Growers' Association
opened bid* for Its whole crop of Almonds
August 1 and sold t^em as follows: l!»0 tons
Hatch, ysrletits, V%if luv' 4 c: 60 ton.* softsh?;l.
S'-iiffOc, Tn*;.' were to be the finest ever
offered by the association. / .
NEW Fit i; IT— Ann<.«,t». CV4t?'Jc for Royals
an«l tt^jl'Ju lor Moorparks; Evaporated Apples
S'^OV-c; Peuchts. 4'i*i7c lor lair to gooU
stock; Wars, nominal at 7c.
ULU i ..». « -— tvaporaitu Apples. 4©5Uc
'^in-dried, '•'•U lc: Peaches. 4©"*H-c; Pears, 4i#
•»VjC tor quarters and "iftrtiVic tw halves; Nec
tarines, 4*iDc for whiter Plums, 4fr6c for pitted
and '4flVa*: lor unpitieu: Figs, 3*431c tor black
una 4«/iic for white. .'.
PRUNES— If 2 crop. •.-¦.t?2*i . for the four
iitis. with VA- ' premium, or th« large sizes.
RAISINS — 1V*.2 croji a.- quat«u as t'ollown:
2-crown loose MuecateU. .V--,b bnxes. O^ic per
:b; a-c»own,- 5\c; 4-ii< . ... 1*:; bred. ess. loos.
MuscateU, 5c; Seedles* .-...:«nar. Oc; Seedlesa
Ttcmiisor.s. 5^c; 2-crowi, i.ordon Layer*. 2<>-
Ib bofces. SI 4tt per box: .;-crown. $1 50: 4
crown fancy cluster*, 1'u-lb hox^s. |2; 2-croTrn
D'^hesas. 2f-lb boxes. J2 TiO; G-cro\vn Imperiaia. j
"C-lb- boxes.. $3; Seeded, f. o. b; Fresno, fancy
1-lb cartons. •?*.«¦¦ choice, 7"4c. . ,
NUTS— \\ali.i>ts. No. 1 -oitshell. IZ^QIJc ¦'
So 2. lO^WUVjc: No. 1 hardshell. ll*4fJJ2c;
NO. if. lCfilti'ic; Alincnd*. lie tor NonparvlI». T
10<^ilc for I X L. lOfclOVj for Ne Plus Ul
tia'and 8S^SHc for Lannuedoc; Peanuts, 3&7c*'
tor Eastern; Pecan*. HQlJc; Cocoanuts, |i 30 I
GS- ' '• " : ' !
HONEY — Cotnb. new. nominal; new water
white 'extracted. 5^<ji.tSc: Hsbt amber extract-.
ed. MiiVic; dnrk. nominal. ¦ " . , ¦' •
' BEESWAX— 27S: H Jc per lb. "
Provisions.
The t^hicsKO market v.as steady en the day.
but o>:tflcJe trade was dull. The cash demand
was moderate. ..-•;.' ¦ . .-
In this market Unm- were %<S\a higher «nd
California Hams, are now scarce and worth
almost as much as the Western article. Lard
Is liQ-nc higher and Bacon lie hlfthrr.. Cut
tln« emong the different houses has ceased.
CURED MEATS — Bat-on, 12Vic cfr lb for
heavy, I3o for light medium, l."io for light,
.lii'.ic for extra light, 17Vic for sugar-cured and
lSV4c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 15"4c; California Hnm?. 15'^c:
Mess Beef, $11 .W812 per bbl; extra
Mt»s. $124*12 60: t-'am..y. |lo m; prime Aiesi
Pork, $ll>: extra clear. $2'j; Mess. $20; Dry
Salted Pork. 12'/ic: PiR Pork. $2S; Pigs 1 Feet.
$5 25: Smoked Heef. 15c per lb.
LARD— Tlerr»« nimted »l 7*4<" "*r lb *"r
eompounj and lf!©10Vio for pure; half barrels.
pure, I0V4«J10"ic; 10-lh tins. 10*i*jUc; 3-lb
Una ll'/ic; .Mb tins, HVic
"COTTuLKNK— One haif oarre!. OHc; thre<*
half barrels. 0$4c; one tierce. 0%c; two tierce*.
U'/ic: five tierces. O',ic per lb.
Hides, Tallo-iv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES \ND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lUc under quotation*. Heavy Baited
Steers lOV-c; medium, !>V«e: light. SHc; Cow
Hides' 8Hc* for heavy and RVSe for light; Stags.
7c- Salted Kip. Oc; Salted Veal. O^c: Salted
1 Ca'lf ICc; dry Hides. lB^c; dry Kip. 13c: dry
1 Calf" ISc: Sheepskins, shesrllngs. 23©30e each:
' shor't wool 40030c each; medium. 70®!>6c: long
! wool $101 50 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
for Urge and 52 25#2 50 for medium. $2 for
email and r.Oc - for Colts: Horse Hide?, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $l@l i3
for small and 00c for Colts, Buck skins— Dry
Mexican WVic: dry -alted Mexican. ' 2«c: dry
Central American. Xic Goat skins— Prime An
goras. 75c: large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c:
'"TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4*4®3*4c per 1b.
No. 2. H?4»*c: grea-e. 2«4 l ?33*e.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs', OS
lie Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendocinx lS©20c; Foothill..de
fective lffXXZc; Nevada. 12®15c: San Joaquin,
defective. Siptlc per lb; Southern. Ot»llc; V«t
ley Oregon. Sne. ISJtIOs: do. medium. ie@i7c;
do roarse. l.">*"r<r: Lumbs*. 15c cer lh.
jjnps— 15(S20c to growers and 20ffi22c from
dealers to brewers. Crob of 1D0.V 16'ic for
choice.:. '. ¦ -.¦-.. ."-^ *
Meat Market. . ¦¦:".
The marke-t remains, unchanged and without
especial feature.
i . : i DRESSED MEATS; : -
Wholesale fates from slaughterers to dealers
ar ilEEF— OfUTiic for Steers'and 0®Cc per lb for
C °VEAtJ— Lars?. ' 7®Sc; smalt,' OJW'^e'per'lb. i
MUTTON— Wethers, S©0c; Ewes. 8<ffS"4c per
! P -LA>in— Spring. IC^IO^c per lb." ;
VORK— Dressed Hogs;- S^enKc per.lb.
. LIVESTOCK MARKET. •
The followinR quotations are for good, sound
Ttv«stock delivered In Sah Francisco, less 50
nJr cent Shrinkage for Cattle: ¦- ' •-
C\TTLE-Steers. 880c; Cows and Heifers.
TfiSc- tiiln Cows. 465c per lb. "
CVLVES— 4e5'ic per lb (gross weighty.
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes. 3H@3%c per .b
(K LTMBS^pring. $2 73<?3 per bead. -< ' .
HOGS-Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6*ie6.ttc :
undcr 140 lbs. S^eec; Sows 20 . per cent off;
Boars 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
ofif&m above quotations.
.General ) Merchandise.
¦ BAGS— Grain Bags. 4.7M?5c: San Quentln,
5.65c; Wool Bags. 32©35c; Fleece Twine. 7HO
•Sc; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6"4c&*$e and 7V«o for
the three grades." : ~- " - ¦
COAI^-Welllngton. $S per ton; New Welling,
ton $S- Seattle. $6 BO; Bryant. $6 50; Roslyn.
$7- f Coos Bay. $S 60: Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7 50;
Richmond $7 CO; Cumberland. $13 In bulk ant"
Jtt4 25 In sacks: Welch Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. " S1I 50; • Cannel. $S 50 per ton;
Coke $11 B0@13 ; per ton - In bulk and $15 In
sacks; Rocky. Maintain descriptions, $3 45 per
KANSAS STREAMS
AT A STANDSTILL
Mining Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
100 Con Cal & Va.l 50 200 Crown Point.. 22
100 Con Imperial, in SCO Ophlr t 6.1
200 Con New York 20 ICO Union Con.... 81
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes C8 100 Occidental ... TT
1000 Con Imperial. 04; SCO Savage 17
SOOO Crown Point.. 23 1 SOU Sierra Nev... 57
200 Gould & Cur. 41 j 100 Silver Hill f>O
100 Mexican 1 13| 200 Union Con 83
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
• The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:.
Morning Session.
300 C C & V&...1 52H'3OO Savage 17
300 Gould & Cur. 40 j 100 Sierra Nev.. 57
2W> Mexican ....1 12tit-.'0O Union Con... 82
2C0 Potosl 20 i 700 Utah 35
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 41 i50O Savage IT
200 Chal Con.... 44 ;30<> Sierra Nev.. 57.
ICO C C & Va...l 6O '2CO Union Con... S.1
20rt Goutd & Cur. 40 !20O Union Con. .. KJ
100 Mexican ....115 J20O Utah .*52
100 Ophir 1 tt-"i>*W Yellow Jack. O
- TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Tiie following were the sales on. the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday:
" ' "Morning Session.
700O Esperanita --.' C6 ICO Rescue ' 13
1000 Esperanra ... 0" SOO Ton & Cal... :?•*
200 Gipsy Queen.. 2S 400 Ton N Star.. «">O
SOON York Ton. 07 20<> Ton N Star. ..'51
Afternoon Session.
lOOO Esperanza ... C7[ SCO Rescue 13
7C0O Esperanza ...¦ <&', 200 Ton N Star... 51
400 Gipsy Queen.. 28|19<X> Ton N Star... 33
400 Gipsy Queen... 27 100O Ton H Star... ia
2CO Paymaster .., 15) 50<> Ton N Star..... 5*
-. CLOSINO QUOTATIONS
MONDAY. Aug. 3 — 4 p. m. .
. . B.'l.Ask.. Bid.Ask.
Alpha (in CO Julia 02 04
Alta CO 08 Justice 13 IS
Andes 08 td Kentuck 02 0::
Belcher .:.... 41 43 Mexican .....1 1» 1 15
Best & B ....1 75 1 **> Occidental ... ::ii 31
Bullion O4 05lOph!r 1 «» 1 «."»
<*aledonta ....1 3o 1 4O 1 Overman .... 27 2s
Challenge C. 42 45| Potosi 21 22
f hollar 10 2O Savage 17 IS
Confidence ...1 1O 1 201 Scorpion .... (K> C.I
C C & Va 1 5O 1 53 Seg Belch ... It 15
Con -imp .... 03 04 1 Sierra Nev .. 85 !»i
Con N Y 1» 20; Silver" Hill .. &O K2
Crown P .... 22 23iS*. Louis .... 13 2t>
Eureka Con .. — 45' Syndicate .... — Ort
Exchequer ... '01 02 t Union Con 82 >CS
Gould * C .. 41 42 Utah ........ at 34
Hale AN.. 4S 50 Yello-v J .... CD 7a
Lady Wash . — OS[ .
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. i Bid.Ask.
Colehan. 15 — I Pine Grove ..50 —
Esperanza ... 05 fC Rescue 14 IS
Euta Con 25 — T Belmont ...1 90 1 95
Gipsy Queen.. 27 28|T & Calif ... 33 4<>
Gold Mount... 08 15-Ton & G W.. — (a*
Lucky Tom . — 10lT Co of Nev.6 50 9 0»
MacNamara .. 20 25 North Star .. 61 53
Mizpah Ex ..15 40 Midway — *i
Mont T...1 02*i 1 071, T & Slake... 47 —
N Y Ton 07 lo United T ... 15 —
Paymaster ... 1* 15 Utopia. ' — 89
*. • " Stocks of Grain.
'. Jlrrjry. C. # Bunker, chief grain Inspector of
the . Merchants' Exchange, reports etocks of
*4rra!n In, warehouse and en wharX August 1,
0 ,£» follow*; in tote:.- . . .-..••
- . Wheat-
" . "• - July 1. Aiyr. 1.
Tort Cost* .;...; >v"T*s . n.74O
Stockten * 7t".41 12.227
"Ottjr r....... :..-. 1.4C3 -jux
o * * - — 'Wat-ley
July I. Aug. I.
Port Costa ., 4.21'J l*2?7
Stockton ....'t. 1 ...'. -J*.4»i<i 7.--:i«
•l-ity »iiV .r..~ 1-3U7 . l..'.4x
; . **r : July 1. Aus. 1.
\ >ats * 2.«71 2.^G
.Own .-.-.; .-.i. ¦*.". 73
"Br*n. - .• :.;... • «:•« -'S
. The j-ece ipts In July were 4Wi tons v.h< at.
Ki.24K-.Uin5 barley. CSfll tons oats. 019 tors
. corg 41a* 1200 ton* bran.
V ..Grain. Export^ in July.
' - The* exports Of Wheat and liarlev from San
•"-¦ranc";sco by era during tiie .month of Jul/
¦were ..* follows:
WHEAT.
•*To— "¦•-•¦ CJentalm, • Valuei-.
o^.reatbriUln I '.-*"¦• * iUA £ ¦
Hawaiian' If lan.ls 2.114 •>.;'• -|
•.'at*:} : WOO I- 1 '"
Tahiti •. M '. ;V!
•Elsewhere -9 : «
'Totals .' 7~u7x\ *1?.^
iu!y, 1502 848.HB! $K«..:»0
• BARLEY.
c To-^- . Cental*. Values.
Oreat ftrimin «2.«M ****S '
Hawaiian Islands ;>.:<7.-. 4' •.,.._ |
}*tru \~l 1.12" • «- lN1 * I
Tahif; 23S.
Totals S2.C81 $Ml.«:;$ !
Jtily. -1HO2 : l<a.2<"i W.*H»
The- for»KO'.n§ Jipures- show n heavy decrease
'.n the' *f ports nm i>jmjiared with thop« of
J\ilx',t&n. The. light ext>crt movement is due
lanrely to the short cro;i» and the conse
quent .Mgh fflcet. There was only one whole
<argo.of grain clesr-d la^t month, that of the j
Kronen btik Marie Molinos. mhtch can led
tb"? /juantJtteR r.^r Grrit' Britain Fpfclfleii above. ;
In Juiy. J!»CJ. there were five canto*? of -vh»at j
and on* gf wheat and barley cleared for Ore<tt |
liritetn.
end was forced down at. one. time 1 14. but
was n>t held there. The selling was at
tritjuteJ to Professional manipulation for ef
fect on the market. The undertone of the
general market was in lact heavy, but the
drift of prices was quite aimles? ana sluggish
tn a degree close to inertia. The enly isig
nitk-anee to be derived from the market is.
therefore a negati%e one. the extreme apathy
of the trading representing the profound doubt
in which the speculative outlook U shrouded.
! according to all the opinions that one can
I cather in the Wall street district. The total
dealings -.v.;s iuL iittle above the 'JM.uOu shares
mark. It is necessary to ko back to the sum
mer "i !!**> to*t preceding lhP lai<t Presidential
cl<vtion t.» find a kvel of acttvlty as low as
that now prevailing. There were several weeks
in August and September 'of- that ytar'wben
the daily average of transactions was. less than
> 2MMXM htiares on several <U»ys during
tthe summer the dealings for a- full clay's ses<
i p-on fell to below lUO.uOO shares. The low
1 rec^Td for that • wmwr was "on August 22.
[ »hfn .'nly Sti,<R:(> ghHres chaured hnr.'iF. The
I total tk-alinrg for the week ending August 24
J of that year were only «M»,00<l sharej. .The
jirinrii.ai puzzle in the situation which was
dwelt on to-day was the astcnit-hin;; main
tenance of th» volume of loans of the as
soi-Iated banks in face of the thorough liquida
tion to which the stuck market has u.^en sub
1 Jected. The enormous shrinka«e in prices of
! securities hay caused an obvious . Increase In
the basis of credits and the argent .-elling of
securities to make this fhrinkage in marsins
or to pay off loans outright lias -b<vn patent
to all ->bs-ervers for months in the stock market.
Conjecture loses itself in the attempt to gue»s
what great sinkhole can have abtmued the
tropi€niiL)Us proceed* of all this liquidation
j with practically r«» eCect on ths loan item
i of the banks nor trust companies. The ques
i tion of possible over-extension of credits out
fide tbe securities market and ttie necessity
I for a future contraction there similar to that
j which Wall street has been (join* through en.
j pagfs an increasing amount of attention. The
actic-n i.r ina'-lion of to-day's market reflects
the dist-osition of the ppoculative world to sit
down and auaH further liKht on tiie»e ques
tions. The Improvement in the condition of
cotton over the previous month shown by the
Government report on cotton agreed closely
with expectations arvl falle.1 to weaken th»
I c«ittr.n market. The Etrength in uheat was
I CB'.-ulated alsti to have a weakening effect oa
j sticks. The weekly statistics of railroad traf
fic made a . remarkably favorable showing.
especially la the matter of general monhandlse
movement.
The l>m(J market was irregular. Total sales,
par value. ?!»t : 7,0<i0.
[Tutted ."-'tates l>onds were all unchanged on
the Ih-i call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIHT.
StncKf — Sal«s HiKh. Low. Close.
Atchison 24.4«i0. :ta?i «!1N ¦ tilv*.
Atchi^n vfd B^WO . hs\ Ks - 4 1 bS -\
Halt « Ohio \ ..-...' a.lOO*7,«H f?% >2H
Halt fXJbio'pfd .. !.*»<) Mi S5*-, K»»
Canadian Pacific .. 1.5fO 123 13tH l-~'i
Central of -VT J ;. .... ..., - l«r>»
<-hes & Obio .. rrfv» :rj'ii :t2»i sjs
<"hic & Altou ..... U«l 21 ?s 20>i 21 'n,
Chic * Alton pfd.. 1<«> 04 «4 04
<hic & G W 70U 15>i 15>4 15V(i
Chle & tl W Ui)fd 2<«» 32 31 H 31 Vj
Chic & Northwest. 4ifJ I«V 104% IttlVi
! Oliic Term & T : 10^
M'hlcT&Tpfd ... 1«JT» 2<»i; 20;, '- 1'.«Vj
t «*. •". C & St L 4W "71»i 71 -"O V
hOolo .s.>ulh . ;.. HKi i:j>^i 1*{«4 lS'j
J Colo South 1st pfd. urn f>\% 51% Sl'-j
I Colo South 2d pfd. UK) 22 22 • 21 »j
Del & Hudsjn- l«i.'l
I Del. U 6c West • 242
I Denver 'A Rio (j .. l<»0 24 24 24 1
Dm & U G lifJ 78
Erie ..¦ U.-. .'... 6.S»« - 2« ¦ <¦ 2.s>i • 2*'£
\y i* ist pfd 3.ux>- ec*i 6«i»« eoji
Erie 2i:d rifd *'J .
Great Xorth pfd ... . .... . : , 170
HocMng Valley v.. 71!^
Hock Valley pW:.. 4<K> Kl R.{ , • tt; •
Illinois Central 700 1.10 12!*!» 125*%
Iowa' Central pfd.. .'....' ; . .18 •
Kan ' Ity S->uth 1M) 34 34 34
Kan City South prd 300 j 21 Ji 21 2L
l»uis & N'ash -. ¦
Msjihaltan L 700 104 !i 104 H«'i
Met street Kj-' . - . - l.Vfi 13:5 132'i 13?'.^
Minn & «t L.-...'.. l.loo 11«T4 ll'J 11J
Mo. Kan &.. T 4,000 'JH »7 »7
Mu. Kan & Ter pfd U00 10«i lOli 13Vi
Nat n U of lies.. . " ' :.. ' M 1 :
Nat RK'cf MeX rTd. 4fO 3Sli "S'-i 3i>£
N' V Central ........aft'J.Uji^ .ll!i 11-j'
Norf & W«l SOU <7J=«4 624 «j»
Norf & West pfd : . ' ST.
Ont «i Western... LOCO 2:: 22% 22T;
Pennsylvania 15.40a» 12.".% 122 %' 122^
P.f.CiblL 2'KJ OZ% «1 .0.1
! Rradinx 7.200 48% 4S 4SIJ
I Rending 1st pfd ' W)%
Reading id pfd .... 400 «7 «7 «7
Rock Island M.CXlO 2.J»i St^ Zlvi.
Itock IsUnd pfd .. 400. 02^ til Vi *>l\i
.St L &. * *' .... 5T.', 4
St L * H F 1« pH. • - «5
,^t L & S K 2d pfd 4;»*t
Ft I/OUIR fc> W...^. 1O0 14 14 14 ¦
Ht Ixiuis 8 W pfd. 200 3TMJ .»«-i SOU
St Paul 5.4^0 141Vx 140'j 140^
St Paul 'rfd 171
.«f.uth»rn' I'acinc . . 7.200 4.-.IS. 42=?; 4.:
Southern Ity Un) 21 . 2O% 2O<i
Southern n>- |.fJ... WK» S.% KT. J>4
Texas A- Pacific .. 2<>0 2B 25'i 25
T«,l, Bt L£:VV 20«;
To!. St L & W pfd. 2<irt T.t -21* 2J»H
Union Pacific 2C.800 75 73% 73*/,
T'nlon Pacif.o pfd. 7W R."»*i 85=^ S.'i%
j Waba-ii 100 2H4 21*51* '21 «J
I Wabash pfd •'.•i*i
Wheel A- L Krie.. lfMi 15 15 1» •
I Wis r>ntral 500 17"i 17>4 V.*%
I Wisconsin O?n pfd 200 3SVi 38 ¦ ¦ 37'j
Kxprcss Companies —
Adams ICO 221 221 - 221
American 180
I'nlted States CO
U>tla Farpo 1.S5 •
M;s<-e llaufou." — - • f
Amalgam Copper.. 6.100 4lW- 40^ SOS
Amer Car & Found . 4Crf) 3214 32«4 32%
Am Car 6c F pfd.. 400 85 85 84
Amer Llr.seed Oil.. 6,400 9»i »U 94
Amer Un Oil pfd 30V«
AanT Locomotive . 7(iO IS , 17% 17%
Amer lyot-o pfd TOO " 83 U K3i£ 82*4
Am Snielt & Kef.n. - 150- 42«4 42*i 42%
Am Smelt &¦ ft pfd ".00 00"^ 00% 90^4
Am'.Surar Rrfin.., 'MO 11Z% 115^4 115
Anaconda Mln Co. , • 70
Urookiyr Itap Trsn 2.<J.V) 4.">"i '44% . ,44%
Col Furl & Iron... 100 . 44>» 44ft 44»i
Col & Hock Coal 14.
Consolidated Gas.. 2<>0 lkr t \t,- lSfi«4 ¦ 18J
Grn ntfc 200 102 1CO^ ICO
International Paper 2C0 1IU' ll»,-i It
Inter Pai<-r pfd ... .'....¦ - .... 05 '
International Pump .;.. :t.i*^
I Inter Pumn pfd ' .... .,.. 72 •
Nation Jl Uiscult ' '.,".. .... 36 '
National Lead 100 ; 14% 14% ' 1\M
Nortli American ..' T,m 78'i 7*U 75H
PaelHc Mail :;00 . 20 20 20U
People's Gas ,.'.... .1.000 0314 94^ • 04%
Pressed Ste*! Car, . . 2.&00 44>i _ 44»i 44>4
Pressed S C«r j.f«J »•)%
Pullman Pal Car . ." 200.210^ 21C ¦ 2IC
Republic t3t«el -. ... . » .... 11%
Republic Btcel pfd .' Sort «i4'4"Vc4Vi ©4'
Rubber Goods KOO 13% ¦ 13% l.T.i '
Rubber Goods pfd. 2,«iO0 65%-' «C» 65 '
Tenn CohI & Iron . fiOO 40 . 3S*i 39
V S Leather ...... 200 7*i - 7*1 7*4
U 8 Ivcathcr pfd -..,. SOU
IT S Rubber ' .. 9^'
U H Rubber pfd ... 1.500" ' 35 34% .14 •
U S Bteel 14,450. .. 23*4 23>4 ' 23%
U S Steel pfd 4,900 71% 71 71
Western Union 200 84: S3*i 83 H'
• Total sales 203,000 .
NEW YOItK EONDS.
4T S ref 2s. reg..lOO & ' 1 , Hook Val 4 Us.. 104 U
'. Do ref 2s. coup.106% L & N unified 4s. 08%
Do 3s. reg lWi" 4 Manhattan 10O
Do .'!s. cm>p.,..UHi% Mex Cmt '4s ¦ .... »2
I>o new 4s, reg.134^ Do l»t \nc'..... 17
Do new 4s coup. 134 '-i Minn ft Et L 4s.. HKti.
TX3 old 4i r»g.. 10914 M. K & T 4s 3«iii
-Do old 4s. coup.lOO^i I Do 2di ;..77?i
- Do r*. -ref...;..I01*« |N Y Cent e '3"-'b a«
• Do fm. coup 101% N J Cent gen.5s.127
Atch gen 4s. ... .03*4 North Pae 4?....ir*>
Do adjust 4*.. »7«4 Do 3s ........ 70'4
B & O 4- 100>5 N & W con 4».. »7U
Do 3%s ... J2hi Heading Ren 4s.. 04*4
Do conv 4»....H»0 flock l.«laml . . : . 7<i-"i
Can Suuth VnAs. 105 . tit Li I M con Os.lOOVa
'. Xezi' York stocks extremely dull and featureless.
* .
Rather more doing in local securities.
¦ -Vo change in Sih'cr and Exchange.
Miner's active bidders for Wheat at higher prices.
Barley easier, Oats steady. Con: very scarce and Rye firm.
Hay stands up serf/ under liberal arrivals.
Bran, Middlings and other FcedsUifis firm.
Beans and Seeds dull and unchanged.
Butter in large supply, dull and weak. Cheese quiet.
Eggs, firm under steadily decreasing receipts.
"Hams, Bacon and. Lard higher in the local market.
Xo further change in live or dressed Meats.
Davisi-illc Almond Association sells all its Almonds.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables show little change.
' Poultry and Game quiet and somex'hat nominal. ¦
Fresh Fruit in large supply and quiet.
Cent of Ga &»..103%'6t L & S F 4a.. 9Gft
Do 1st tne <?»£ St L B'west lats. U2»«i
Ches & Ohio 4Hs.lO2\ Do 2nds 67
Chic & Alton 34» 73 ;S A & A V 4s 75
C, B & Q new 4a. 8UJ» South Pacific 48. 85%
C. M A St Pg 4S.100K Southern Ry 6s.. 112$
C & NW con 7s.l2S% Tex & Pae lsts..H4
C. R I & V 4s. ..101 T. St L & W 4s. 71Ji
C F & I v .. 80^ Union Pac 4a 9l4i
CC C &StL g 4s. 96^i Do conv 4«.... ».;%
Chic Term 4s... -73 Wabash lsts . ...115'i
Colo & Soth As.. Sit Do 2nd» ......104
Con Tob 4s 55ft Do deb B 5!)«4
D & R G 4s »7)» West Shore 4s..lO7ij
Erie prior Hen 4s. i«i>/ v Wheel A L E 4t. K8
- Do gen 4s 82<s Wis Cenv 4s 88
F W 4 D C lsts.10*
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 12'Llttle Chief Ott
Alice 18. Ontario 6 60
Breece , 13 Ophlr 145
Brunswick Con....' 04 Phoenix 08
Coins tock Tunnel.. Otj Potost 18
Con Cal & Va 1 40 Savage 14
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada • 52
Iron Silver 1 6i* Small Hopes 20
Leadville Con O2|Standard 3 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — i Mining —
Call loans .1®4* Adventure 5^
-Time loans 5$jtl Alloues ....-....:.- -6
Bunds — • Amalgamated . . . 40Vj !
Atchlson 4s 97 Daly West 38W
Mexican Cen 4s... 71 4 Blngham 22><i
r.atlroads — Calumet & Hecla.435
i Atchlcon ".61% Centennial ...... 15
Do pfd 88%'Copper Range.... 42»j
Boston & Albany. 24U Dominion Coal 8S !
| NY. N 11 & H..1US iFranklln 8H
Fitchburg pfd 133 l5le Royale « ';
! Union Pacirtc 73T4 Mohawk -Iti'-i i
| Mexican Central.. 14^ Osccola 50'a '
Miscellaneous — Parrot .l*Vi
' Amer Sugar 115 Quincy 87
Do pfd HSVi'Santa Fe Copper. 1
I Amer Tel & Tel.. 131 iTamarack 60
Dominion 1 & S.. 11 Trinity 5
Mass Electric 21 h United States 17'.i
United Fruit...... K>0 itTtah 24
. U S Steel 23% .Victoria 4
Do pfd 71 Winona 7Vi
: West" house Com.. 85 |Wolverine 63 Vy
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 3.— WOOL— Fairly active;
' unchanged. Medium grades and combing and
¦ clothing. 18@22c; light fine. 16@lSc; heavy tine,
11'fflSc; tub washed, 2Ci6£9%c.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Aug. V,.— FLOUR— Receipts.
I 10.807 barrels: exports, 12.345: opened firm.
' bnt became less active after the wheat re
1 action.
WHEAT — Receipt*.. 1C9.6S0 liushels; exports,
4.'f.r>S4. Spot easy. No. 1! red, M^Jc: No. 2 red.
S414P, f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
tfSCho; f. o. b.. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba.
I Ott'ic, f. o. b.. afloat. Throughout the forenoon
; wheat acted Him and was higher on continued
i adverse crop news from the Northwest, with
' th> increase' In the visible supply figures. How
! ever, realizing developed, and after midday
Lulls lcrt ground, the cloi«e being rather weak
at -Sc net tle<iine. May. s»;%(ps7' / ic, closed at
S(5%c; f>ptpmber. S4 7-10<&S5Hc. closed at
84V4c; December. S5 l-lii4fS5c, closed at S5>f)C.
HiiPS and WOOL — Firm. • .
HIDES and PETROLEUM— Steady.
<*OFFEE— Spot quiet. Coffee futures closed
net 5610 points lower. Sales. 1T*M) b»gs. In
cluding: September, 3.75c; December, 4.20v;«
May. 4.55c.
fc'L'GAR — Firm. «
DRIED FRUITS.
• EVAPORATED APPLES — The market cfin
tlnufs qutct. with buyers showing no disposi
tion ti antldrate future needs. Prices thon
no material change, in the absence of selling
pressure. Corrsnon are quoted at 4fl5'-jc:
prime. J>-?i<&t;o: choice, OUf'" I .j<--; fancy. U»if>
PRUNES.— Are quiet, but there Is enornh
jobbing demand to absorb immediate offerings,
and nrices show steadiness.
AF'*R1COTS— RulM steady to firm. ¦ with
chi-ice quoted at SSiS'ic and fancj- at lO®-12c.
PEACHEF — t'ontinue FteAdy at 7Q7Uc for
chcice and 8@l^»ic for fancy.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Aug. 3. — Wheat pricea to-day
w<>re rather erratic, good «dv«nre» b?mg made
early In the day. but durinK the 'ast half of
th» session all the gain was lost. The open-
Ing was firm on a sharp advan-e in Parl3
and on further gains In the Northwest, Sep
• lumber 'bftng'-Uc lower to Uc higher at. SOU®
I 80%e. On generally bullUh news & good ;le
! mand develoned from sixreulators and shorts
i and under this influence the majket became
I quit* strong. September selling up to SO'ic
I Later !n the day there was a heavy selling
; prp»fcur» dur to a Eharp falling off In prices
1 at Minneapolis, and prices here hr >ke severely,
i September declinins to 7l>^c. The close was
i weak and near the bottom. September being
1 off %c at 7U5ic
: Commts?lon houses were free sellers of corn
I throughout the day ' and lower i>rlfOs ruled.
¦ although the early strength In wheat held
i prices fairly steady the first part or the day,
! but later with the break in that grain the
< market became extremely weak. September *ic
J luwcr at M*ic.
: There was little feature to, trading in oats.
! September closed «*>c lower at S3 833, Me
Provisions ruled quiet and prices \v*re lower
j early In the session with very llttlt demand,
the "increased stock of lard being a bear feat*
1 Mre. The close was about steady. September
' pork'. 5c higher; lard, off 2'-ic. and ribs up 7'ic.
The leading features ranged as follows:
! : ~~A~rtloles— Open. J High. Low. Close.
i Sept h ?o!dK°:. 2 r 80% ' S0% VJ% 79%
Beptl /newi M>* J»% T!>% • 7!>=U
December w»i »»% . *0U . &>K
I May :... 82-% S3% 82% 82Hi
LsemeSiDer;. 2 .;^ MH 52%;" M«i 51 i%
December ...... MU 52 W, Bl« M-^
jMay »""2--s 32*i 51*4 62
Oats No. 2— '
September 34U 3414 W» 34
December :U*i 34% .It'^ ?.*%.
[ May «B% ««% 3C>; 36?j
Mess Pork, per bbl —
(September 13 «0 13 75 13 00 13 75
Lard, per 100 lbs —
[September 7 83 7 82 H T M 7 02 «S
1 October 7 70 7 72',^ 7 65 7 72« a
I Short Rifcp, per 100 lbs—
I September « '«> K 15 S 00 fi 15
October 7 O2',fr 7 05 7 00 7 05
? •psh quotations were us follows: Flour.
firm: No. 2 spring wheat. 8O0*lc; No. 3. 7««?
•*0c; No. 2 red, 77«7So; No. 2 corn. 51 %e: No.
2 yellow. 52Vi: No. 2 oats. :«Hf/34c; No. 2
white. Wljc; No. .1 white. .'MC.'S5V;c: No. 2 rye.
Cff^c; good feeding barley, ?,2@H:<-. fair to
I oholoe malting. 47(fJ5:5c: No. 1 flaxseed, !>3c;
No. 1 North western. 97c; prime timothy seeJ,
S3 30; mess pork, per barrel, $13 .W/ l:s 00;
I lard, per 100 lbs. $7 70<fi7 75: short ribs Rides
I <lcose). $7 75®8: dry salted shoulders (boxed).
$7 60Q7 8f%: short clear sides (boxed), $8 23Q
! 8 :!7»A: whloky. basis of high wines. $1 30;
I clover contract grade. $12<f?12 50.
1 1 1 — 1 .
Articles — • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,400 1(i.(NH)
Wheat, bushels 7S.0U0 «J»,500
Co:-n. bushels 197,300 VJSt.VOO
Oots, bifthels 308.r.<)o 40.400
Rye bushels 3.800
Barley, burhcls.... 10.1)00 1.100
On the Produce Exchange to-day the. butter
market was steady. Creamery. 14ifft!t!&c:.
dairy. 12'a^117<\ nggs, eteady. Il$jl2e. Cheese,
steady. 10'^1iy«c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. ! Dec.
Opening ' Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
. PARIS.
Wheat — Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 23 45 22 55
Closing 23 40 22 45
I Flour-
Opening SI. 70 30 35
Closing ,.3105 30 25-
Eastern Livestock Market.
- - ' r -r ¦ •¦"•'-"¦ V" -T " - '" ¦-,,'¦¦. . r i
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Aug. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts'
8000, including 2000 Texans; Western,.. steady
I and strong; good to prime stecru, $585 GO;
poor to medium. $3 75® 4 BO; gtockers and feed
erp. $2 5004 .'JO; cows. $1 2504 30; heifers.
$2*4 00: canners. $1 25@2 70; bull*. $2@4 15;
calves. *30O; Texas fe<l steers, »3@4 50.
HOGS — Receipts' to-day, 35.000; to-morrow,
3O.000; left over, 3400: steady to strong; mixed
and Iwtchers. $4 00®5 45; good to choice
heavy, $4 75tt." 30; rough heavy. $4 50@5;
light. $5 20ft5 CT>; bulk of sales. *5JJ» 25. •
SHEEP— Receipts, 18,0*0; sheep strong,
lambs strong; good to choice wmhers,- $3 60®
3 00- fair to choice mixed, <2 7563 50: Western
fhecp. $3®3 50f native- lambs, 33 25®« 25;
Western lambs, fttlQ. • ?¦•'*'¦'¦
¦• W^c York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— Metals, owing to the
bank holiday, the London metal markets being
closed, were about nominal.
Tin was steady, with spot quoted at $28.60
©29. ' " ' " ' " '¦ '¦'¦
Copper was about steady, with lake and elec
trolytic quoted at, |13@i3 25 and casting at
|12'75©13.- . -¦¦.'•'-; :\i-i
The exports in copper during July amounted
to 8405 tons, malting the total exports for the
seven months 72,242 tons, against, 106. Oil tons
for the same period last year. ¦ • '
Lead— Steady but lower at S4 20 for spot and
14 12>i for Auguj-t. ,
Bpelter remained quiet at $5 87^. .'¦
Iron was quiet and nominally unchanged.
No. X foundn". Southern. Is quoted at J17 60®
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
2000 lbs and f& SO per ton, according to brand.
OIL— Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels; cases, 5c more: Castor Oil, In cases.
No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA, $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut. 57>46<i2c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, '75c; cases, 80c; Sperm, pure.
70c; Whale Oil. natural white, &0@o5c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. in barrels, 43c; cases, 50c; Co
coanut Oil. in barrels. 6Sc for Ceylon and S5c
for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases. 20^c; Astral. 20fcc;
Star. 20^c: Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine, 26Vfcc;
Eocene. 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 17c; in cases, 23 He; Benzine. In bulk,
13c; in cases. 19 '^c: Stt-degree Gasoline. In
bulk, 21c; in cases, 27 %c.
TURPENTINE— 73c per gallon In cases and
67c In drums and Iron barrel*.
RED- AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 60
CHc per lb; White Lead, 6@6Hc. according to
quantity. . . .
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes. as follows, per lb In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. .A- Crushed and Fine Crushed, 3.75c:
Powdered, 5.6Oo; Candy Granulated. -5.00c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.50c; Dry Granulated, coar»\
5.50c; Fruit Granulated, 5.50c: Beet Granulat
ed (100-lb bags, only), B.40e; Confectioners' A.
5.60c:' Magnolia A, 5.10c; Extra C. 8c; Golden
C. 4.90c; "D." 4.80c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 20c toore: boxes, r.Oc more; OO-lb bags.
10c Bior« for all kinds. Tablets— Hatf-barrels.
Cc; boxes, 6.25c -per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. ¦ ¦ ' ¦
•.'.-- -• ' • ¦ « .' ' .' . .; :.^~t;_* ¦
Receipts of .Produce. \i
• FOR MONDAY. . AUGUST 3. . / 1 .'
Flour, qf^sks... 17.914-WqoI, bales. .'...'¦ 1.13
Wheat, ctls. ....'• 1.440 Feed, sks: 10
Barley. -cOs.,: ... 15.300:Pelts. No. ...... 4.473
Oats. ctls. ;.....' 5,213* Hides, .No. ..... 1,220
Rye. ctls 800 Quicksilver. flk».. •¦ 12
Beans, «ks...... 200 leather, rolls... *10s
Potatoes, sk»... 3,020 Sugar, ctls::...'i 500
Onions, sks..... .420. Lime', bbls 1,043
Screenings, sks.. 400'Tallow; ctls.... . 5
'Hay. ¦ tons 1.RS3 Chicory,, bbls...' - 25
Bran, sks .-. .' • 201 Paper, reams... 6fiT>
¦Middlings, sks. . 25 Wine, gals 27.550
Hops, bales,.... : 15 ,. ...
OREGON. -
Flour, qr sks... : 3.026J Wool, bales..;.. 42
.Oats, ctls ..-6, 0001 Feed, sks. 601
There was rather more trading on thernorn-
Ing sessions of the exchanges.^- On u tbo Bond
Exchange Bank" of " California sold"*-t $5<«>P
325. and Alaska Packers declined still further
to §139 75. Pacific Gas Improvement sold
higher at $52 5f«552 87^. There wa9 « fair
business in th« oil stocks,, . ,:•:..• . -.:¦ : ¦¦ • ¦ -
In the afternoon Alaska Packers was higher
at- *14O@140 50. . and Vigorit Powder advanced
to $5 75. Olant Powder sold at |6t). seller 90.
The Sierra Nevada Mining Company has lev.
ied an assessment of lCc, delinquent .August 14.
Stock and Bond Exchange. \
MONDAY, Aug. 3 — t p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Hid. Ask.' Bid.Ask.
.4s qr CQup..lO»»»iiltmi4s q c (new).134Vil35 I i
4s qr reg. . .lOO^illlVi 3s qr coup.. — —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala A W 3«. - — Do 5s — 114*"
Bay CPC r>r. — 103H Do con 5s. — 105
C C CG&ESs — — O W C g 5s. — 100
Cal G ft E 8 Oceanic SC5s — 83
m and ct53 — 100 Om C R «s. — 12S
Cal-s>t C 5s. — — Pae G Imp43 95 100
C C Wat 5s. 100 — p.E Ry &«.1O6 1074
Ed L & P6s. — — P & C It «s. — 105
F Cl K tJs-.HOti — v. P * O R 6s. — —
Gcary-st U5s 40 «0 Powell-st 6s.U8*i —
H CttB B'/.s.lO2»3 — S E G&R 5s. — 103"i
H C & S 5s. 95 100 SF & SJVos. — 120U.
Hon R T «a. — 108 S R of C 6s.110VjU2^
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
LA Ry -Cs. — 115 (1900) 107% —
L A L Co 6s. — — (1010) lOS^a —
Do gtd 0s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. 106 — U0C5)Sr A.103% —
LAP 1cm .Vi.lu.IV.' <l!»O*i)Sr B. — 105*4
Mkt-st C fig. — 123 (lOOti) 107 107«-i
Do lem 5s. — — «1012> 117 118V:-
N R of C 68.105!* 107 S P.C lcg".a.l20>,i —
N ft i(ofi')."islli)^|1 - J» ! V» I>o stmpd. — 10fl*-i
«N P C RR5a — \WV- S P B R fin. — 140
N C Ry 5s. — imj S V Wat 6s.lO7 —
N C P 5s. .100 101H Do 4s 2dm. — I*>*i
N S K .Is.. — 100 Do 4s r.dm. — 100
O G L H 5sllO — Stkn G&E tis 05 : —
Oak T 6s — 122 U G- & E 5s. 105 107
, .... . WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 5fi«4 CO )Port Costa.. 64 66'i
Marin "Co .. C0«i — luring Val.. S3 84
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L *• P. 4?» 5^ Sac E G&R. r.3 —
Eqult Gas... — 5 S K G & E.. 67 fi*
Mutual E L. I2*i 1.1% S F Gas 3 3*J
Pac O Imp.. T.2V. KIM> Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... Ui, 58Vi I: G & E Sl«i —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES. '
S F G t E. 91 — /
. INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fn'd.323 — I ¦ .
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.125 — I.on P & A. .1(55 —
Anglo-Cal ... 0:5 "4 — Merch Trust. — 260
Bank of Cal.SIS — Merch Ex .. 55 75
C 8 D & T.H2416U S F Natlonl — —
First Natlonl —
SAVINGS UAN}CS.
Ger S &-L.. — 2275 Sav & L So. 02^ — -
Hum S & L. — — Seo Sav Bk.40i> 600
Mut S Bank. 05 — Union T Co.2150 ' —
S F Sav-l"..«00 750
STREET RAILROADS. - - ¦: "<
California '..200 — (Presidio . ... '-S3 45'
Geary ...... — «> J
POWDER.
Giant C8*i 71 ' / Vigorlt 5'i 5*i
SUGAR.
liana P Co. 2o 10c Kllauea S C. B S>»
Hawaiian C. 44% 4K"4 Makaweli S. . 2t> 25
Honokaa S C — 13 Onomei S C. 2:1 2ri"i
Hutch S P C l"JVi'13M Paauhau S C li 15
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.140 140^ Oceanic S Co 7 —
Cal Fruit As, — l»l Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Wine As. 02 ft 97 *i Pac C Borx.lCG —
* Morninir Session.'
¦ Board — - — • - .
30 Alaska Packers' Assn Urt flO
10 Alaska Packers' Assn ....-.«.. -.v»:» 75
50 Bank of California ......; ..50O0O
5 Bank of California ......;.... ...625 00
25 Paclnc Gas Imp. -....; 5'J 9<>
25 Pacific Oaa Imp D3'S7*4
20 S. F. Gas & Electric Co. s 30 67 50 i
20 S. V. Water ..... S3 «<>
100 Vigorit Powder ...; ..... 5 So
$3000 Northern R. of Cal. B per cent..~...10« 50 \
$1000 U. S. 3 per cent bonds <coup).;...10»J 75
¦. Strcc-t —
50 Vlgorlt Powder 5 50
J20CO S V 4 per rent bonds (3d mtge)..lC0 00
• Afternoon Session.
40 Alaska Packers' Assn 140 Co
¦ 5 Alaska Packers' Assn 140 r.O
1*5 GUnt Powder, s U0 «'.) t>O
;^» S V Water S3 CO
5«i Vigor it Powder 5 75
$8*K;0 United Gas & Elec 5 per cent....lC5 CO
Street —
70 Trus. certif. S F Gas * Elec 65 50
CALIFORNIA STOCK AND OIL EXCHANGE.
011 Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co... «5
Four OIJ ..... 71
Hanford Oil 12« 00
Home OH 2« 2 UO
Imperial Oil 13 *>o
Independence Oil 17 18
Junction Oil 22 23
K*rn Oil ...••• 5 00
Lion Oil - <» 06
Monte Cristo Oil M) ... »5
Monarch Oil v 83
Oil City Petroleum 29 SO
Peerle?s OH H W> .....
Reed -Crude OH.: an 41
San Joanuln Oil 5 75
Sterling "Oil S 00 3 10
Thlrty-tlm-o Oil 8W
Tw«nty-elght Oil v ....\ 4 ::»
Union OH 6.H «>
1'nlted Petroleum '• '. ... US t)O
West Shore OH "... 3 05 3 50
Miscellaneous—
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 25
Alameda Sugar ". 2!> do
American Biscuit 95 00 1C0 CO
Amer District Tel
Bay Counties Power
Cal Central Gas & Electric
California Cotton Mill* S5 00
California Jockey Club. 105 00
California Powder ...............
California Shipping Co 25 t» ;:o 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust Co.^..130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland C3 00
Chute3 Company 8 50 ,
City and County. Bank...; +.: .:¦...-.
Cypress Lawn Imp Co....... 6 12»i '...'..:¦
Eastern 'Dynamite ...; .•'..:¦.. ;.:..
Ewa Sugar Plantation. .• ....• ......
Gas Consumers' Association v . 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 10 00
London & 8. K. Bank (Ltd.)...:.:... ..... '
Mercantile Trust •¦..•• .' ". '. . ;
Northern California. Power..; ..... 0*75,
Nevada National Bank , ..... .....
North Shore Railroad......;... . . 1O 00
•Orpheum Company ....» ' 15 Ct» ¦
PaclHc States Tel & Tel.v J22 5O
Parafflne • Paint XJ 00 •
Postal Device & Imp....,; .....
San Francisco Dryrtcwk....... 47 00 . ..... ,
Saueallto L*nd & Ferry.....* 18 00 ......;
Sperry Flour Company..... ......'
Standard Electric '..... - IS CO
Truckee Electric ........ 1.125, 1« CO
•Union Sugar 22 50 ¦ ...:. ;
United Gas & Electric. ...., 34 60^
Western. Fish Co ,
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board — • "•* ~7;V"
100 Monarch Oil M
100 OccldenUl Oil 18
300 Home Qil 2 90
40O0 OH City Petroleum 2ii
100 Sterling Oil ..:.......:..... .t 10 ¦
6 Sterling Oil 3 CO
' 350 Sovereign Oil 4O ,
200 Monte Cristo Oil 00.
6000 Independence Oil 17
' Afternoon Session.
. 600 Occidental Oil IS
400 Home OH . ;........ 2 9O
100 Home Oil. b .*>.. 2 0:>
-slOO Home OH. s DO....... 2 UO
-OCO Junction Oil "23
THE 'SAN FBAyCISCO CALL, TUESDAYS AUGUST 4, 1903.
Town in Asia Minor Burned.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 3.— A confla
gration has devastated the town of Ar
meka.-in the'.vilayet of Adan. Asia Minor.
The mosque, the other public buildings,
400 shops and sixty houses were destroyed.
The population la in the greatest distress.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
LOCAL MARKETS:
STOCK-MARKET:
AUCTION SALES
FIRE SALE of B surrey*. 8 rubber tires. 3
business, 10 road buggies. 3 two-seated
spring wagons, 9 carts, 3 pony carts; tttese
goods must be sold; they are slightly dam-
aged; also a carload of good young well-
broke horses. At 1140 Folsom. TUESDAY.
Aug. 4, 11 a. m. .
AUCTION BALE of HORSES. "WAGON.
HARNESS. WEDNESDAY. Aug. 5. at 11
a. in., ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixth
street. JOHN J. DOYLE.THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1903.
12
: _ HELP WANTED MALE Cow.
Any laborer can fill the bill; no experience
wanted; $35 per month and found and in-
crease.
MURRAY 'ft READY. 634-636 Clay st.
NEW TUNNEL.
6 drillers, free fare. $75.
4 muckers, free fa^e~ $U7 50.
2 tunnel drillers. $120.
. 6 muckers, tunnel, $90,
t' MURRAY & READY, 634-635 Clay at.
EUREKA— FARE $2 50— HUMBOLDT Co!
25 laborers; you'll suit; BIO GOOD LUM-
BER COMPANY. $60; BOARD. ETC.. »18.
MURRAY & HEADY. 6U4-CSC Clay at.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. EMPLOYMENT
AGENTS.
429 Bucb St. 642 Clay St.
Phone Grant X85.
SHIPPING DAY TO-DAY. FREE FARE FOR
Caspar Tunnel. Mendoclr.o Co Steamer
Sails To- Day
Tunnelmen. teamster9. laborers $2. $2 75
Chatsworth Park, machinemen. drlllers.$2. $ :
(Bonus 25c day remain until work In done)
8. P. Co.'s Different Divisions. Cal.
Section hands, Nevada $1 70
Stone cutter. Nevada .S3 50. $4 day
Electrical engineer and machinist, run power
plant in big tunnel. Nevada $75 found
ABSOLUTELY FREE FARE FOK ALL
ABOVE.
FOR SAWMILL NORTH. SEE BOSS HERE.
4 screw setters $72 found
3 off bearers $52 found
10 cross cutters $C0 found
20 laborers around mill $42 found
25 Scandinavians to pile lumber V>- fi>un.l
1 edgerman $C5 found
1 ratchet setter
1 Ieverman for dredger .$70 found
Haybalers, 22 cts . ton; 10 tunnelmen. 10
muckers, $2 25, $2 75; Scandinavians. Ger-
man stableman. $15 week; coachman gard-
ner, $30; choreman, $25; German beer tapper
and tend lunch counter. $40; bead cook. $S9;
first and second. $100; 6 second cooks, coun-
try hotels. $50. $60; houseman. $25; potwash.
ers, dishwashers kitchen hands $30; bell-
boys, porters. $15, $35: waiters, $30. $35.
And hundreds of ethers.
' C. R. HANSEN. & CO.'S Employment Agcy.
Bush St. 642 Clay St.
SMELTER man and wife to cook. $90 aud
found; man and wife, private family, $50 and
found; 2 farmers and wives. $40 and $50 and
found; German to assist gardener. $50; 4 men
about placo. $25 and $30 and found; stable-
man. $15 week; 2 sheepherders, $30 and
found; farmers, $30 and found: milker for
Southern California, $30 and found; choreboy
for ranch, $15 and found; 6 miners. $2 50
and $3 day; laborers for mines and quarries.
$1 50 day and board and $2 50 day; 3 car-
penters. $3 day: blacksmith. $3 day; 3 black-
smith helpers, $2 day and $1 fit) day and
board; 8 woodchoppers for mine, $1 60 cord,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 £ac-
ramento^
GERMAN barkeeper for country, $40 and found;
cook for the country, $65 and found; cook
fcr saloon. $30; . 2 waiters, $30 and found;
young porter for resort. $25 and found: dish-
washers and potwashers. saloon men. and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 317 STOCKTON ST.
6 laborers for private Dark, country, - $1 a
day and found; coachman, country. $30 to
$35; man and wife to take care of country
place, $40; porter, restaurant, $30, etc.
WANTED — Neat, bright cash boys. Apply to-
day, superintendent's office. The Emporium.
EXPERIENCED leak menders wanted: also
one or two experienced venters; wages -2' ; o
per Jiour.- Further particulars call room 12,
220 Market St.. or address Los Gatos Can-
WANTED — A night man to operate Reming-
ton typewriter, electric elevator and tele-
phone switchboard; No. 1 reference. Apply
box 7611. Call office.
EXPERIENCED pickle men. LEWIS PACK-
ING CO.. C25 Front st. *
PANTS and vest maker for country. REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
BOY wanted; box deoartment. Mutual Label
and Lithographing Co., 2d and Bryant sts.
YOUNG man as nurse for elderly gentleman;
experience & palary expected. Box 4631. Call.
BOY for wholesale house; state age and experi-
ence. Box 4630, Call.
WANTED — Porter. 443 Fifth st.
WANTED^-Menvfor light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st.
BIG boy to make himself generally useful. 24
Second st., fourth floor. ' .
AN errand boy this office. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 429 Bush st.
BOY for errands and general work; $4 50
week. II. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
WANTED — Man to work In kitchen; call
early. 16 Market st.
MASTER Barbers* Association meets to-night,
102 O'Farrell bi., hall No. 1; lots doing.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 4073 Eighteenth st.,
near Castro.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; call early; good
Job. 202 Powell st.
BOYS wanted to drive butcher wagon. 1516
Page st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or orthopedic
Ehoes, $3 50; beat shoes on earth. 11 Third
St.. Examiner building. 5 doors from Market.
BARKEEPER for San Jose; $Co per month:
more for good man; 10 hours and day shirt;
single man preferred: steady man only. Ad-
dress box 4tG7. CalL
PICK hops in August: enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO., 122 Battery st,.San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars inriled free.
Moler System Barber College, 635 Clay st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
'"ruus Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rocms; 25c per night: $1 50 to $3 per week.
A MAN of indomitable energy and purfh. a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
SON, 477 and 478 Parrott bldg.
CASH boys wanted. Apply S. A. WOOD &
CO.. 740 Market st.
GOOD, flrst-clasa wood worker wanted on bug-
gy work. 1504 Folsom st.
WANTED — Good frame Joiner and polisher.
Metropolitan Picture Frame Co.. 427 Mntgmy.
MEN to learn barber trade; an improvement
on all other systems. For particulars ad-
dress Western Barber Col., 647 Commercial.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 20 Steuart st.
500 MEN to buy new and Xd-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard st.. nr. 5th!
WANTED— For the U. S. Marine Corps., able-
bodied. unmarried men. between -1 and 33;
good character; must 'speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on lan.l In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting efflce 40
Ellis ft.. San Francisco, CaL; 22'_»U N. Main
tt.. Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K st.. Sacra-
mento. Cal. ' ':*-':
PKNSION atty. E. A. Bullis. room 40 Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Pott. G.A.It.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms-
. free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O l-'lllmore st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sti.
GET your shoes half soled while waittn*- 2V.
to 50c. B63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d «7
HORSES AND WAGONS. S
WELL matched pair of sorrel horses to be sold
at public auction. Wednesday, August 5 11
o'clock, at Arcade Horse Market. 327- 6th st.
ON account of golne to build, entire «tock of
wagons, buggies and harness must te sold ar
sacrifice. Ccrner 15th and Valencia sts.
GENTLE horse for light work, cheap at 473
Valencia st. ¦
RARE chance — 4 good horses for sale cheap.
ONE flne buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand-
new laundry wagon, cheap. 828 Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light campln? wagon
and yocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
'HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of hou^eT^Tet7" send for
clicular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO..14 Montgomery
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
- to let.. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
A WELL furnished house, Diano. 10 rooms;
very sunny: fine location: 1375 Masonio avo.
ADDly MADISON & BURKE. 30 Monts- St.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— August 2d. ladies' gold brooch. Mt with
pearls and ruby, from Fell and Octavla to
Jones and Market, or Johps or Union cars, or
Presidio: reward. 318 Fell st.
LOST — On Sunday afternoon, a diamond screw
ecrring. on Fair Oaks st.. bet. '£Ul and -1th
sts. Please return 4068 24th st., and receive
reward.
LOST — Saturday cvininj, -email gold locket
and chain: valued as a keepsake. Kewarci if
returned" to 3ti»JTj Eighteenth st.
LOST — July 10. male maltese Great Dane god:
white br«ast an<1 fret; ears unevenly cut: re-
war.1 1708 Clay st. —
LOST — Breastpin: sold bar set with 3 pearls;
reward. 112 Bush st.
LOST— Blue muiey cow. Return to Louis Levy
& Co.'s stock yard. 3S7H Mission st.
IT wiil pay to •'Remember" that the California
Watch Ca-»e Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs oUi
Ko!d and silver to mak» n»w watch rases.
MISCELLA>t:o»J»_.yoK sALU.
EOILERS engines. 2- hand machinery. McLX-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A GOOD r«asoc to buy diamonds, watches and
•eweiry from us is that you need only pay a
¦mall weekly payment en all purchases; ail
goods delivered on first payment. Call and
examine our goods, even If you don't care to
buy. UCHTEN9TEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? *
Repair It with elaterlte; tn rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; go<«l over old
iron. tio»or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFIXO CO.. 713 Market st.
WILL contract 25C0 barrels per month for ona
year. 14Vi gravity oU at 25c f. o. b Bakers-
field. C. E. PRICE. eo5 Grant Building. Los
Anrf'cs. .
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Origi-
ical Misfit Clothing 1 Parlors, 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 5O DE*RBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pcxh-
ular Price Hatters. SCO Kearny St.. near Pine;
open till 9 p. in. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. -
TRY our men's shoes at $1 pair; foot-fonn
shoes at $2 50; we pay express charges. 11
Third St.. Examiner bid.; catalogue sent free.
SECOND mach'y. boilers, engines, pump'.
wood and Iron working machinery, bought.
sold and rented. H. S. WHITE. 130-133 Beale.
FINE Jersey cow; fresh; for family use. 3873
Mission %t. ,
MO VINO pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post si
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and sons slides. 1(X>
Montgomery st. .
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO. 122 Market st. ___
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs, hammocks.
metal beds. mattresses.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission^
Edison phonographs, records, supplies. mor-1nc
picture machlnesSfllms. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at.
S~AFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montr r-
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
$5000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted; highest
pnee paid. "22 Grant ave.: tel. Red 3932.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HEKM-VN MURPHY. .
£01-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided later*
ests. assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided r\-
terests In property purchased.
Ccurteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private pUcs to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4<l
Market St.. tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY leaned to salaried ptopte, nrts.il mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: largest business in
4C principal cities. Tolroan, 522 Parrctt bids;.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano :.io removal:
no commission; no publicity: $25 up: qulcju
quiet, confidential. 23 Montgomery st.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant a»». #
LOANS FP.OM $r to $10.C0O.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano:
no commission. E. W. LICK. IitOS Mutual
Bar. Bit. bid.. 70S Market: rnons Main 819.
B. V. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bid*.
MONEY to loan en low Interest; gold, silver.
diamond*, pearls and precious st3C*s boughs
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on e«eh
$1000; aay security. 302 Montgomery, room 16.
3% ON furniture & pianos; 115 up: co removal;
V. TREMAIJT. room 81. « Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per ceat
mo. Z. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 033 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. cf Wyomlag loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaded salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bid.
~ MCSICAL raSTHUMETTS.
ASSORTMENT cf some upright bargains.
3 Chlckermg $150. $135. $C35
1 Kimball. walnut upright, celluloid keys.$63
2 Emerson $1S5, $215
'Z Steinway $183. $215
4 Heine $235 to $395
12 squares t $15 to $170
10 organs $10 to $75
Rents $2 uo, allowed on purchase; Install-
ments $4 up; piano players from $90 up; new
pianos from $117 ud. HEINE PIANO CO.,
235-237 Geary st. ; phone Main 5744.
$63 — LEFT on gale; Fllsher upright piano. 23T
Geary st.
STEINWAY upright, left by private- party, j
$1C5; great bargain. 237 Geary st.
A FEW good upright pianos from $70 up com-
prising Vose. Sterling, Jacobsen. Schwech-
ten, Sherwood. W£ser. Marshall & Wendell.
Haines. Everett. Knabe and others; easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18-Zi)
O'Farreil. No branches In San Francisco.
THE SIMPLEX PIANO PLAYER is the only
piano player that Interprets music as th«
author intended it. The delicate touch or the
powerful stroke can be given at tha desirs
of the one playing. Call and exaifiine them.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7B9-
Market st- y
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gus Maiwald. AgL Pae. Coast. 278 O'Farrell:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
EZAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.235 O' Parrel!.
Family sailing for Australia offers at sacrifice
handsome Steinway upright piano. 518 Eddy.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 par
cent. HOItNUNG. 21o McAllister st.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.: largest
and oldest plaxn> house.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ glANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
BARGAIN; good uprlzht; must be sold at
once. SCIIM1TZ A CO.. 16 McAllister St.
SOIIMER Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceelllan piano
player. 1 BYKON MACZY. 3C8-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in th«
United States or Canada one year for *i.
postage paid.
MKDICAX^
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
. sold; price $2 5O by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $2 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSOOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists, Seventh and
Broadway. OakUnd^
DR G. W O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femala
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed: advice free Office. 1018 Market st.
A Mrs. Dr. Sw»»t takes ladies before and dur-
ing couflremeai: Infants adopted: $15: $5.
rooms & board: 25 years' experience; 25C 7th.
MRS. D«. WYETH. specialist for all femala
. complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: «O
years' experience. 728 Post St.. near Jonea.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irresu lari ties : instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1CC3& Market St.. opp. 3th.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market^Reilabl»Tadle«*
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low fics.
DR. and MR3. DAViES and HINDOO HERDS •
original method of treatment. 112t! Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 7.53 Turk. ar. Van NVss— Expert
Jn obstetrica. female comp:: 25 y rs. experience
DR.. ROSEN, moved to 2995 Folsom st.. cor~
2tith: rcllei $10; ladles' exclusive office.
A maternity villa: private: secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. i.. Funke, 1416 Eighth St.. Alametia.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell «t.. oppostta
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
HELP WANTE D FEMALE — Con.
I WANTED— 2 cooks $35; cook. San Jose, $35;
second girl, same house. $30: 4 small board-
ing-house cooks, $26 and $30: housework,
Ross Valley. $30; C nurseglrls. $15, $20. $25;
hounework, Alameda, $30; bell girl. $15:
cook and second girl, rfur.e house. $30, $20: 4
second rlrls; 4 hotel waitresses, city .and
country, $20. $25; kitchen helper, institution,
$25; restaurant waitress, $9 week, and 50
houseglrls, city and country, $20, $25. $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT &¦ CO.. 33-t Sutter.
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; EXPERIENCE
NOT NECESSARY: APPLY AT ONCE.
,: AMES & HARRIS. '
100 SACRAMENTO ST.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY 1873 MISSION ST..
NEAR FIFTEENTH SEWING MACHINE-
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED:
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING: OPERATORS AND RIVETERS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY.
am FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
m (
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work: highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: *t»iidy
employment, highest wages. CODE-PORT-
WOOD CANNING CO.. Bryant and Tenth.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season:
trade taught from start to finish In one month
for 55: positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
Eve. School only. 143 Stockton st.. rm. 13.
WANTED— Girl for second worK and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
WANTED— Saleslady: give reference and wages
\expected. Box 4628. Call. -
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom Et.
A YOUNG "girl to assist in light housework;
small family. 892 Steiner St.
WANTED— Girls to sew labels on coats. Call
at 11 Battery st.
GIRL for light housework and care of baby.
Call after 9 a. m.. 1532 Dolores st.
GIRL for general housework; references; wages
$20. Apply forenoon. 1724 Turk st.
MACHINE girl and finisher on vests; appren-
tice.^
A NEAT girl for general housework. Call 2700
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Protestant girl for general house-
work ;family 3 adults-Call 1541 Stelner.9 to 3.
WANTED — Good woman for light housework;
one In family; wages $10. 716 Franklin st.
EXPERIENCED finiFhers and ladies' talloress.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
adults; wages $20. 3S30 SacraTncnto at.
A LADY ot indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON. 4<7
and 478. Parrott building. ¦
UIKL for general housework: plain cooking;
small family; upper flat. 1444 O'Farrell st.
A GIRL to do general housework and plain
cooking. 825 Golden Gate ave., upstairs.
GIRL wanted for general housework and assist
In bakery. 1794 > Halght st. .
WANTED— Girl to ' do general housework;
wages $20. "K>9 Howard st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
EMBROIDERY teacher wanted; a thoroughly
experienced woman; must understand
stamping and have complete knowledge ot
art needlework; state experience, references
and t.alary expected. Address box 4950. Call.
PICK hops in August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. San Francisco.
Operators on shirts and overalls,
standard factory. corner gouoh
and grove sts.
WANTED— Experienced feeder on ruling ma-
chine. Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741
Market st.
EXPERIENCED help wanted to work on cling
peaches at Napa Cannery. Apply 124 Call-
¦ fornla st. .'
POSITION of trust for upright, honest woman:
small bond required. Box 4203 Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants, and
also an apprentice. 1328 Mission st.
OPERATORS to learn glove making;" wages
from start. Carson Glove Co.. 123 Second st.
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
terma easy. 81B O'Farrell. for. 1000 Van Ne&a.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory, Central
ave.. and Waller st.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman; cooking
and housework: $7 per week. 1071 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore «t.
A BRANCH office for' Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ -
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St.. nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
NEVADA AND UTAH. '.
We ship daily; S. P. Co.'s On Work.
COO laborers, $2 day.
490 section hands, all parts of California.
Bakersneld, Fresno,' Sacramento and many
other points. ,
8. P. R. R. Co.'s Own Work.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
EVERY DAY.
CHATSWORTH PARK— FREE FARE.
10 tunnelmen. $3 a day.
10 drillers and muckers. $2 25 a day.
CASPAR. MENDOCINO CO.
FREE FARE.
10 tunnelmen. $2 75 a day. .-•'-
10 teamsters and muckers. $2 25 a day.
10 laborers. and teamsters, $2 a day.
70 men . for mill and yards. $30 to $60 a
month and board. FREE FARE.
No discounts. No hospital fee.
BUTTE""COUNTY — CHICO.
50 teamsters and rockmen. $2 50 a day.
60 laborers and axmen. $2 25 a day.
—>/ ' — — — . —
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE— OREGON.
. 25 miners. $1 a ton.
3 woodchoppers. oak, 2 tiers.- 16-1 nch, $1 75 a
. cord.
12 laborers. $1 50 a day and board.
' 2 carriage setters, sawmill.' $65 and found.
Edgermen, . $80 and board.
Camp cook. $55 a month. \. *: j
CAL. EMP. AGENCY.' 69 Third st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
2 laborers, $1 a day and found; bellboy, $15;
¦ night waiter; $40; elevator- boy. $10.
"YOUNG • men • to go! on , road; " expenses ad-
vanced: must "be well dressed and faithful
• workers. -.¦ Apply 9 to 12. and 2 to 4 p. m.V
Auditorium Hotel. : 117 Eddy st. -. .
TRY. our men's shoes, union -made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 CO; we pay express or
mail; charges. , 11 .Third st.', -Examiner bldg.
$150— BARBER shop: must be sold; Owner there
10. years; clearing $100 month; rsnt $8. WINS.-
BORO, MURRAY &• CO., 75 Third St.
WANTED— An all around man ', for second-
hand furniture store; ' man- who can do . up-
holstering .preferred. > Apply; 773 'Mission .' st.
FIRST-CLASS ' barber wanted . at ; the Royal
' Shaving Parlor, 126 Ellis St.; no other need
apply. -..--. . ,; ¦-,{, , . ;¦¦, - : ,
Al CLOTHING men wanted. Apply 8. N.
- WOOD & CO.,, 740 Market st
EDUCATION «T, Cnntltnifil.
HEALD'8 School of Mlnei & Electrlclty.24 Post
St.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
CHIROPODY— Man wishes to learn chiropody.
Write box 4287. Call office. \
A WEEK'S news foi*5 cents — The Weekly Call.
10 pages. In wrappef, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
G^ORGE~AOKl7^£l~Post st.; tel. Bush 135-^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
niches best help; contracts for farm help, eto.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 16S: expert. reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 y, O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Mala 6188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT' WANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS cook; best of reference: $35:
country only. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Smter st. -
A GOOD Swedish girl wishes a place to do
general housework and plain cooking in small
American family; wages $20 to $25. Call at
4419 Twenty-third St.. near Hoffman ave.
AS chambermaid in lodging house or hotel,
north of Market and east of Larkin 6t.. by
woman 30 years old; sleeps at-home. Answer,
box 4634. Call office. .
COOK and laundress wants situation; city or
country. Call for two days 23Mi Folsom ave.,
near Eighth st.. off Folsom.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a place In
small family; good cook, and will do small
washing. 124 Eighth st. ¦
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wants room In ex-
change for her service. Box 4C27. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
houeecleaning. Call 457 Tehama st.
GERMAN girl wishes chamberwork in a hotel.
Address box 4975. Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister st.
E3I PLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG min and wife (no children) desire em-
ployment in country; man grape picking or
any suitable work: wife light housework:
first-class references. Address A. A., 610
Larkin st. ¦
STEWARD — Position wanted by a good all-
round man In hotel or club; the best of
Eastern and California references. Address
H. BEMIS. 3215 Laguna st.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation in grocery store and barroom; first-
class references. W. BOHLING. 417 Kearny.
POSITION as salesman, 15 years' •experience
- In mercantile business, also had experience
In railroad. Wells-Fargo and bookkeeping.
Box 4248. Call office. ¦
MARRIED man wants a position as all round
man In planing mill; has hart experience in
that line. Box 4963. Call t.lft e, ,
ACTIVE ycung man. recently fr m Switzerland,
wishes work of any kind. Addre2> box 42S0,,
Call office. ¦ '"
WANTED — Situation as watchman or to drive
team; an American. Box 42S7. Call office.
GARDENER wishes situation; thoroughly ex-
perienced; can milk; refs. Box 4290. Call.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as
pchoolboy. T. UEHARA, care Buddhist Mis-
slon. S07 Polk st. Telephone Polk 3S02.
A JAPANESE young schoolboy wants position
in city; nice small family. Box 4626, Call.
JAPANESE wishes work as a school boy near
Crocker Grammar School. 810 Stockton st.
S. OKUTARO. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
puttcriptlons has been established at 1090
V«Unc)a st *
FINANCIAL.
OWNER gold property, situated near San
Francisco, assaying $20 to $142 per ton. de-
sires partner (either sex) having $5000 to
$10,000 available during next three months;
fortune certain. Box 4029, Call office.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold: stock accepted for services. Sei.d for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 320 Post.
" FLATS TO LET.
SWELL new upper flat, 8 rooms and bath; 2
finished rooms in basement; every room sun-
ny; 10 minutes from Market St.; 1551 Post
Et. SPECK & CO.
ELEGANT new upper flat. 1484 McAllister St.;
8 rooms and bath; all sunny rooms. SPECK
& CO. -
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; it will save , you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
A SUNNY corner upper 6-room flat, basement;
half block from Market et., within 13 min-
utes'- ride of- Golden Gate Park; Castro and
Eighteenth -st. cars. 3943 Seventeenth st
A LOWER flat of 3 rooms. In rear. 2 Hay-
ward St., off Harrison. \ near 8th; rent $7.
MODERN flat of 4 sunny rooms. 9S5 Sanchez
street.
SUNNY flat, 5 rooms, bath; 632 Olive ave., nr.
Buchanan st.. bet. Ellis and O'Farrell.
TO let — Flat of four rooms: 1697 O'Farrell.
HOOKER A LENT. 14 Post St.
VERY sunny upper; NW. cor. Fulton and
Ecott: 9 r. & b. ; flne for renting; opp. park.
2 NEW flats of 5 and 0 rooms; strictly modern;
lots of light and sun. 1569 Grove st.
$11— SUNNY upper flat; 4 rooms. Apply 418
Hyde Et.
$11— COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms, yard. . 132
Rose ave.. bet. Cough and Octavla sts.
FURNITURE FOR MALE.
ODD pieces of furniture for sale at 1044 Bush
etreet.
furniture: wanted.
A; WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
KAX.Ii WANTED.
WANTED — Hall for meeting purposes, once a
week. F. J. PERKINS. 133 Ninth st.
I1ELF WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED —
WOMEN AND GIRLS BY THE CALIFOR-
NIA FRUIT. CANNERS' ASSOCIATION
FACTORIES AT
FRANCISCO AND TAYLOR STS..
!> SEVENTH AND BERRY STS.,
SANSOME AND VALLEJO ST3.
HAIRDRESS1NG, . manicuring. - massage, hair
work; remr.vai of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 60; positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and H\e. 233 Geary r.. 13; maids prepared.
A— LADIES, learn all branches hairdressmg
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. ; 1236 Mar-
ket Ft., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest 'wages; day, and eve.*- class;' call.
SALESLADIES^ wanted; experienced people
prefenvd. ,-Apply Monday between 8 and 9,
The Gamotsl, 101' Pos.t St..
A YOUNG girl to assist with light housework.
Call 2S20 Folaom fit. T % ,
WANTED— Girl for cooking and general house-
! work; wages $25. ' Call to-day, 1727 VaUejo. .'
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cell, corner Matkct ami Third Ftreets; open
«nU! 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street.
com%r Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Haves street; open until 9:30 p. in.
CoSt McAllister ttreet: open until 9:S0 p. m.
€15 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
l:>41 M'.stion street; cpen until 10 p, m.
1261 MarVit tticet. corner SSxteeiith: open
until 9 t>. m.
106 Eleverth street: open until 9 p. m.
1006 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Nortliwest comt-r of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etrerts; open until 9 p. m.
TJOQ Fillmorp hirer ; : open until 9 p. m.
BIKETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. fj.
M »iii m«t Otis ITUESDAY) >Of
i:\EMNG. Ajs. 4. at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
stated irwtliiK. P- M. and M. E. M.
d^nreos. liv ciilcr ot the II. P.
FXl A N K UN^ H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodce No. 00. F. and
A M.— Stated meeting THIS <TL L>- OV*
DAY) KVENING. at V:.".« o'clock. /V\ 1
EDWIN I- MEYER. Secretary. ' * j
ORIENTAL l^wltte No. 144, F. and A. j»
li.-?Ufd noting THIS tTL^ES- W
1>AY> EVENING at S o'clock. /V\
A. .-v UtTBBARD. Secretary. .
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7. I. O. Ol jj
O. 1\— Tho otflct-rs and the Funeral
Committee of the above named en- S\
cimi-rarm are hereby notified to as- • X
»*tnHe at Odd Fellows' Hall. cor. Market
end Pever.th s=ts.. on WEDNESDAY. Aug. 3.
" IS*;.:, at 1 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of
attending t!ie funeral of our late Brother P.
Ch . P. D1EDK. BECKER. By order
FRED L. HORN. Ch. P.
CHARLES QUAST. Financial Scribe.
CONCORDIA Lodge No. H'2, I. O.
u. V.— The Funeral < '<.>™uuiif g-jf&tGJKn.
• f hf-rcby v itlfled to assemble at : 3jfc^S'M
odd Fellows' Hall. WEDNES- -TBfcKK*-
1'AY. Aup. K, at 1 o'clock p. ra., to attend
xh" funeral of our late brother. DIEDIUCH
BECKER, deceased. WM. MEYER. N. O.
CHRIST KOEBER. Secretary.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OP"
THE • SECURITY SAVINGS BANK—
Notice is hereby given. in pursuance
of a resolution of the Board of
IMrector* of the Security 6avlngs Bank, a
corporation organized and existing under the
lews of the State of California, passed and
• adapted on Tuesday, the 14th day of July.
1SKK. at a regular meeting of said Board, duly
held at Number 222 Montgomery street, in the
«"tty and County cf Sas Francisco. In trie
Stst» of California, the time being the prin-
• clpal rlace of business of eaid corporation,
the Security t^avinps Bank, and at the build-
ing v.-h?re the Board of Directors of fcald
corporation ufuo!ly meet. ti:at a meeting of
the stockholders cf said corporation, the
Security Savings Bank, is hereby called for.
and will be held at Number 222 Montgomery
»troet, in Eai<5 City and County of San Fran-
. Cisco, the same being the principal place ot
. business cf eoid* corporation, and being at
Uw building where the Board of Directors of
*a;d corporation usually meet, oa Wednesday."
the 2Jrd day of September. 1003, at the hour
of three o'clock in the afternoon of Bald day.
for tte purpose of considering, deciding and
acting upon the proposition to Increase the
capital stock of said cori>cratlon, the Security
Savinps Bar.k. and to increase it to the
amount of One Million Dcllars. The amount
to which it U proposed to Increase the said
capital stock Is One Million Dollars. By
order of the Board of Directors. Dated. July
14 th. HKW. FRED W. RAY.
. Secretary of the Security Savings Bank.
. AGENTS WANTED.
WAITED — 2 or 3 house to house canvassers;
good position for firsf-cla«s men. Apply at
1114 Washington 6t.. Oakland, bet. 9 and 12
a. in., room 3.
AGENTS— A new money-maker. F. PERSON.
477 and 47S Parrott tldg.
ASTROLOGY.
Astrology tsught. horoscopes cast. Prof. Ray-
tpcca. b^okytore. t49 Ellis. By mall If ceslfd.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
* ADVICE FREE-^ALL LEGAL MATTERS.
DIVORCE AND PROBATE CASES.
No pay In advance — No charge without
Success; estates, attachments, damages.
R. C. ADAMS.
Room 316. third floor. Examiner building.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-nt-law. Examiner Md..
rm. 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc; consultation
tree; r.o adv&noe charges; call or write;
cvea.ngs by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
PROMPT attention to all cases; divorce. estates,
(Cllectlocs; no fees unless successful; call or
• rite: eves. Tues. and Fri.: eet. 15 yrs. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. 927 Market; tel Jessie 1530.
JUjVICE Jree — I will advance cost in meritori-
Doa casec. divorces, probate and all other law
cat*e: co fees in advance: open .every even-
lr.g. J. M. THCRSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
AWVICE free; divorces a specialty ;qulck.qulet;
no charge m-ithout success; established 15 yrs.
O W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.. opp. HaU's.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et. ; consultation free ; no fees In advance.
AJTKEN tt AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309- 10-11
Ounie bidg.. MjJ California st. ; tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at Uw, 632 Mar-
ket «t.. rocm 23; legal advice: bank refs.
DIRDS. DOGS. ETC
YOUNG talking parrots, $5 each ;Germaa singing
csr.cries. $2; we will try to please rou;every-
• thing in our line st right prices. 154C Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
-^4o7^ET^£lU~TiIvnSENDS '
IN
CATTLE RAISING.
We wiU take your cattle aad raise them
fcr a chare cf the profits, guaranteeing you
• certain increase.
If you lavezt your money with us will guaran-
tee you a fixed income, secured by tha beit
ef collateral.
Bank references. Al management.
CALIFORNIA CATTLE AND LAND CO..
CSl-eei Hayward bldr.
•A— SPECIAL NOTICE To Buyers.
KREDO & CO
Up to date brokers 7C5 Market st.
.... Real Eitnte and Business Agents
Phone Black CS72
Just to remind you
Beware of In-Vrior titles.
1**izal fidvi^e Free Legal papers.
Kale notices and mortgages executed; reiia-
hle arents. KItEDO & CO.. 7C". Market «t.
A RIG LIST — Saloons, groceries, bakeries, M.
bakeries, stationery stores, cigar stands: bu»-
'Iness opportunities all kinds. KREDO & CO.
TTijO— -SALOON: 4 furn. rooms; rent $50: lease;
Al location. See KREDO &. CO.. 765 Market.
.RESTAURANT business adjoining the Union
Iron Works, with all fixtures and stock; will
F<iit 100 i>cople; will be sold at a great sacri-
ffce: a i-arc- chance. Apply H. LEHRKB
SONS. 600 Minnesota st.
LARGK general store, Santa Clara County,
rtock and buildings, together or separate, to
exchange for ranch. MOSSMAN, 850 Market.
ItKSTAURANT; rushing business; seating 02;
snap; no Sunday work; departure. COC
Fourth i-X.
FOR eale — Prets cigar etore. '117 Ellis St.:
owner must loave city. Inquire at premises.
FIRST-CLASS bckery for sale In country
town. Address Box 805. Call office, Oakland.
ONE-chair bootblack rtand. cr window fcr
jewelry shop, for rent. 250 Sixth tt.
EALOON for sale. SW. cor. Eddy and Steiner
streets.
\t"n desire the services or hustlers In every sec-
tlon of the country as representatives: persons
of ctandine ability can earn handsome In-
comes representing us a part, or all, of their
time; our plan is new; no money cr experi-
ence required: this proposition will pay you
handsomely; do not 'all to Investigate It; fall
particular* free upen request. Address Mer-
chants' Brokerage ana Commission Co.. Gsy
(building. St. Louis. Mo. m
VINGS bank depositors — A gilt-edge 8 per
T,t security in «tn&II lots. Address by mall
IENRY BROCK. 731 Baker tsU '
<» WILL buy interest In long-established
t-holesai* and commission business; lnvef-t-
i*nt will pay 15%. Box 4274. Call
FE 8nd chophouse; near Market; rent $65;
ially receipts average $50; established years.
: ee Luttermann & Co., 916 Market St.. rm, 64.
lrdresstng pariors ;chea p rvalue In sight: good
oc«it ion: retiring. JlKt Market, bet. 7th-6th.
FtST-CLASS restaurant for sale cheap; muit
ell. Aodress box 4279. Call.
iNERAL blarksmith and Ehoelng shop; good
cwatlon. T5 >Tpoar et.
TSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale,
tiquir* hardware eior*. 19th and Folsom sts.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE fre*; bail tenants ejected epeedlly. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85. 91C Market;
tel. Red 618; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tencnts ejected for $4; collection? made;
city t country. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 55S9. |
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
' 100 ROCMS; house fcr men; rent ?140. ...$4000
r»S rooms; eo«th of Market: rent S100. 2000
24"rooms: corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
II rooms: pt<od income; rent *20 SCO
21 rooms; water front; rent $1U; lease. «50
120 rooms; ftocd lease; low rent C600
f>7 rms. ; apartments;Westcrn Addi rent. 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. flats. 6 to 100 rocms.
EITEL &. CARROLL. 212 Kearny at.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 4C6. Examiner bldg. —
Hotels. Apartment Houses, Flats and
ROOMING HOUSES. A BIG FREE LIST.
$750 8 ROOMS, furnished: men roomers; meJl-
cal agency: 2 yrs. l»as«». Mos»nmn,K.'>0 Markt.
SPIHITITAI.IJ'M^
JOHN SLATER; readings to-day. 10 to 4; cir-
cle Wednesday evening. h:13 sharp. •"«
O'Farrell «t.
MRS HARLAND'S test seance: S p. m.. 10c;
I evnjts except Monday; read, dally. 148 Oth.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nlRht, 10c. 61» McAllUter; readings dally.
Mns~KBERHARDT 7 S~test meetlnj S p. m.
' sharp, Kk\ :e.'.V) y?d St.; readings daily.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test meeting to-night.
10c; sittings. 10 to 12 and 1 to 5.
MME. SWANSON. spiritual mtdlum and card
reader. 17 Fourth st.
EDWARD~EARLe". 1052 Ellis, reail'nss daily.
9:30 to 4; ceances Sunday and Thursday.
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circ-1* Friday evening.
25c: sittings. 1C0O Harrison »t.. cor. Sixth.
~~ CLAIRVOYANTS^
™ cX£L~AT ON r CE~AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 II.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart Is true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; In fact. I will tell you every
hope fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, maker you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medl-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p. m. ; Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell st.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant' and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future: If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life- 25c up; satisfaction guaranteel; read-
lngs by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and j
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market ;
St.. cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
m. to 6 p. m. : readings by mai! as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, £5; send lock of hair, date. and year
of birth; don't rend currency. Send postofflce,
WMls-Fargo meney order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reade-. horn with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past, present and future:
ladles. 5Oc; s»nts. $1; by cards, palmistry
end clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
A — MME. DE CASTRO, palmist and card read-
er, gives advice on all affairs of life; many
men made a fortune on her advice; unhappy
couples reunited; by mail, 10 questions, $1.
2S2 Seventh St.. near Folsom.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c. for
a shcrt time only: when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin near Grove.
A — Mm* Ravenna reads life, business advice:
names given: 25c up. 5 4th st . near Mnr*et,
MME. M ARSE AIT. clairvoyant card reader, 25c;
love, life and business. 545 Minna st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in cltj.
26*4 Kearny. rflom 20; ladles 25c. gents 80c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 5Oc. 951 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant enrd reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings daily, ir.2 Sixth st.
MRS. HARRIS. 725 Polk— Palmist and psychic
card reader; gents $1. ladies 50c; downstairs.
MRS. 6HAFER, clairvoyant carC reader: slt-
tlr.gs dally. 44'S Jessie St.. bet. 5th an.i 6th.
CARPET-BEATING ~\ND CLEANING.
AIR, compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
sally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
flcor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big. : phone Main 52.<7.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero et.. tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
AIA'ANCK Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Ma'n 394. GF.O WAI-COM * CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2CJt.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Gnlrien Gate ave.: telephone KnFt 128.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT iNSTITUTE, 50 Geary— All
ailments nf the feet cured: corns, bunions.etc.
COTTAGES WANTED, j
WANTED — Cottage, flat, 4 sunny rooms, bath;
unfurnished. Box 4277!. Call. «
~ DENTISTS.
DrT"lUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot Ureak;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, (¦i GO; fillings, 60c;
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns.$2 up; fllllngs,25c.
GOLD fillings 75c, silver 35c. crowns $2; no
pain: cpen Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
C. S. DUCKETT. Dentist. 838 Market st. — All
work guaranteed first class.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimate v*re».
New York Dentists. 0Ci> Mission et.. cor.-<tth.
DHESS31AKERS & SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any cattem cut to measure. 101!> Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst A knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
OYsma awd ci.EA_airo.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory. Acting.
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class: beautiful
new catalogue tree. J.295 Market, cor. Ninth.
BAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
DANCING — An evening class Is forming now
for private Instruction; ladles and gentlemen
only; tertrs, $5 per month; must give name
and residence. Address A. I)., box 4619,
Call office.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; Illus. catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts: best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had: In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 13S2 Mkt.
DANCING — Prof. Drew's studio of society
dancing, culture of graces. 36 Geary St.,
room 43; ladles' and gentlemen's private in-
struction ; reception daily; phone Black 3738.
AYRES. the U-dlng business college, 723 Mar-
ket Et. ; special summer course tn all depart-
ment*: handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions. -
HINMAN'S Academy; & thorough school ot
dancing: est. 20 years; 1412 Polk st., bet.
Pine and California; adult class now open;
children's class will open Bat, aft., Aug. 15.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Eend for catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, dec. min., mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van - Ness and
Golden Gate aves..S.F.;fllls every requirement
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
SI'ANISH Academy — Professor Arribas; classes
day and evening; private lessons. S3* Sutter.
LESSONS gl*en In Water Color or Oil Paint -
lnr from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
Chics k»- Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pittman ehorthand. typing, bookkpg., $8 mo.
HELP WANTED — MALE— Con.
MURRAY & READY.
C34-G36 Clay st Phone Main 5S48.
BUSINESS 7 A. M. UNTIL 10 P. M.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Our office half block long; 14 clerks employed.
By our own printing plant we publish a
free bulletin of labor nightly; ready for dis-
tribution 7 a. m. ; also noon and evening edi-
tions. Get one.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We Know No Distinction Between Man and
Man.
1 YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave ima We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
We ship you \ Free to one,
Free to-day. Free to all.
Ogden, Utah. All parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County, . Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park, t Hawaiian Island*.
Santa Susana, Oregon.
San Fernando, Washington,
Los Angeles County. . ' CentraVAmerlca,
Arizona, Wllllts, Uklah,
And All Points North, East. South,
Including Ogden, Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile driven", fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men,- corner and bench hands, muckera, chuck
tenders, car dumpers, teometere, laborers,
track men, cooks, waiter*, blacksmiths, etc.,
$5, $4. $3 60. $3. $2 00. $2 day.
. Free fare. Free fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you?
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
~~ ~~ MECHANICAL HELP.
68 blacksmiths, $3.
0 helpei-s. $2; 12 bench hands, $3 60.
9 carpenters, $3 to $4.
Carriage makers, $4.
12 coopers, lie barrel.
9 brick molders, $3 60; iron workers. countr>.
155 other mechanics. $3 to $6 day.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C36 Clay St.
155 Coal' miners. Oregon. Free Fare.
155 Coal Miners. Oregon. Going Free.
Free Fare— 55 Men WIHlts— Ukiah To-day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
BOYS. BOYS. BOYS.
12 boys for a box factory; fare "$5; $32 SO
and fd. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
BIG SHASTA LUMBER
LUMBER TRUST SHASTA TRUST
15 laborers, general work, you'll suit, $72 60.
2 screw setters. $105.
2 off bearers, $82 50.
10 cross-cutters for woods work. $60 and fd.
25 laborers to pile lumber, $82 50.
SPECIAL FARE. $5. STEADY, Good Jobs.
MURRAY & READY, 034-636 Clay st.
FEE $1— THAT'S ALL— $1 FEE.
FREE FARE. 666 MEN. FREE FARE.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC R. R. DIVISIONS.
Santa Barbara Dlst. Santa Cruz Dtst.
San Luis ObisDO Dlst. Santa Clara Dlst.
Bakersfleld Dist. Sacramento Dlst.
King City Dist. ,- Alameda Dist.
Soledad Dist. Paso Robles Dlst.
Salinas Dlst. Los Angeles Coast Dlst.
Los Angeles Dlst. Fresno Dist.
Gutnda Dlst. " Cordelia Dlst.
Madison Dlst. Farmlngton Dlst.
Also hundreds of different places on their
Divisions on every train.
NORTH, EAST. SOUTH.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS. BOSSES AT
CARPENTERS. OUR OFFICE.
9 of them to build barns, sheds, etc., mil-
lionaire's own private work. COc fare, $90.
6 carpenters, factory, fare $1, $90.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
$5,000,000 BANKING SYNDICATE^
25 men among fruits, etc., fare $1, $26 fd.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY. R. R. FARE PAID.
25 laborers, big lumber trust, $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
$1 TO BUTTE— $1. CHICO"
26 teamsters, laborers and axmen, $75.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY? *.
86 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES.
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIES.
FREE— FA RE— FREE.
P95 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $70
and found.
186 experienced, mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.:
3K3 woodsmen, $40 to $150 found.
Stlckermen, Tallymen,
Spool tenders. Machinists,
Buckers, traekmon, Line pullers.
Blacksmiths, wood turners, barkers, car
loaders.
Tree fellers, - Jackscrewers,
Log loaders. Shingle sawyers.
Dolbeer loggers. Carriage setters.
Swampers and trimmers, Gang edgermen,
Saw filers.
Pond men. Band sawyers. Carriage doggers.
Sorters, graders and peelers. Chain tenders.
• Shingle packers, also jointers, chute build-
ers. $40. $50, $60. $70. $S0, $90. $100 to $150
month and found.
3S6 woodchoppers, tiemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. * 634 and 630 Clay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 Italians. FREE FARE.
155 Greeks.* FREE FARE.
155 Austrians. FREE FARE.
Board yourselves; managers at cur office;
see them.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
GOLD — SILVER.
COPPER— COAL. •
SPECIAL.
10 machine miners, large gold mining com-
pany, $00.
156 miners, single and double hand; machine
men, muckers, tlmbermen, furnace men, etc.,
$96. $85 and $75 and found.
3S6 laborers, no experience required, $60, $75.
Fares from $1 50 to $3; many managers at
our office.
TUNNELS— QUARRIES.
1S6 drillers, hammersmen, laborers, $90. $75
and $60.
THEY WANT YOU.
12 laborers for mine, no experleno* wanted,
$42 and found; fare $2.
For stables — 12 men, $60 to $75.
For farms — 125 men. $30. $35. $40. found.
For orchards — 250 men. $25. $30, found.
For dairies — 65 men, $30, $35, $40, found. .
For chores — 30 men and boys, $30. $23, $20,
$15. found.
For hay. harvest— 63 . men, $1 50, $2, $2 50
day, found.
36 fruit pickers, $26 and found.
'LOOK!
30 teamsters, city, $22 week. $2 to $2 50 day.
655 laborers, country, $2, $2 50 a duy.
Coachmen gardeners, private ehoremen.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
IS men and wives for mines, ranches, dairies,
hotels, sawmills, etc.. $40. $50, $60, $70,
SSO and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC~ ~
37 cooks, all over California, $J)0. $80, $75,
$60, $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc. ; crisp
maker. '$10; porter, .city store. $10: second
cook, mine, $40; also waiter, $30; steward.
$50 - and found.
18 waiters. $3."». $40. $30 and found.
30 pot and dish washers, $35. $30. $20 and fd.
18 bell and elevator boys, porters, bedmak-
ers $30 to $15 and found.
0 butchers. $10. $50. $60. $30 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes ,/$lS week up.
« bakers, helpers, $55, $40; $30 and found.
12 boys, learn trades.
Wo publish a free bulletin' of labor dally,
containing 10,000 positions: get one. '
MURRAY & READY,
' 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL ON~MIDNIGHT r
MAIL. PHONE AND TELEGRAPH.
3 machinists, fare paid, boss here. $50 found.
Baker, city institution. $40 found.
ft laborers, board yourselves. 10c fare, $2 23
day.
Two laborers to run car. mine. $1 40 day fd.
2 stablemen, city Job. $30. $40 found.
4 men about threshing outfit, fare $1 60,
$10 found.
Bed maker, porter, bell boy. city hotel. $20
found up.
Butcher. Sonoma County. $35 found. '
Walter. Santa Clara County. $35 found.
Butcher all-around man. fare $3. $40 found.
SPECIAL.
Bartender. German, country hotel, boss
hers $40 fd.; also yard man. same place. $25
id.; '2 carriage setters, boss here. $2 75 day
Blacksmith Alturas. fare paid. $3 50 day.
3 furnace men for mine, $3 fare. $75.
Aasayer old mine, boss here. BIG SALARY. ,
Young man about meat market, 50c fare,
$22 50 and found.
3 farmers, San Mateo County Home Ranch,
fare 25c. *3O and found.
Cook, hay press, fare $1, $30 and found.
2 steel bridge carpenters, free fare. $3 60 day.
.1 carpenters, fare 60c, private own work, $00.
Painter inside and outside .work, fare 25c,
$3 to $4 day. - ><-¦ -'-•«
Plumber's helper, city job, $2 day up.
Janitor, porter or handy man, city factory..
Butter-maker, , also milker, north, $40 and $30
and found. ¦• ' '
' Stable man, city dray stable, $15 week.
4 laborers, manufacturing company, fare
30c $00. •*
Porter, city saloon, $12 week.
2 young men. city mill. $9 week.
Man run . boring machine or crosscut saw-
, Two waiters, same hotel, fare $2, $30 found.
2 teamsters, 2 horses, haul straw, fare $1, $30
" and found. .' . „„' ¦ '
Cook. 4 men, ranch, 25c fare, $25 and found.
Porter, city saloon, $40; cook, few men,
dredger. $30 and found.' * •
Potwasher. also sliver man, city cafe, $30
and found. '¦<: ,.--
Biggest wages at ,-MURRAY & READY'S.
Best places at ' ¦ ¦ . 634-636 Clay st.
TO~THE FREE BEAUTIFUL
NORTH.: FARE. ' NORTH.
55 MEN WANTED.
, BIG LUMBER TRUST. - FREE FARE. 1
The wheelman's in trouble, for ho's busted his 'tire. :-'
And wishes the maker in a plnco v/ith a flro.
lie should buy a arood wheel — that's the kind which Tho Call
Advertises each day, then he'll not have a fall.
But can mount and away with a.fiong in his heart,
And be sure his machine will not o'er fall apart.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Abby A. Angler to Henry E. Botflln, lot on
E line of Van Ness avenue, 52:8 S of Pacific,
S 25 by E 100: $10. «
Andrew Anderson to Nelson Anderson, lot on
N line of Greenwich street. 212:d W of Gough.
W 25 by N 68:9, W 17:6. N 38:9. E 42:6, S
107:6; $10. . h
Nellie E. and William F. Mitchell to Solomon
Peiser. lot on N line of Paga street, 106:3 E of
Clayton. E 25 by.N 137:6; $10.
Solomon Peiser to Bertha and Jacob Cohn,
same; gift. . ¦» •- ¦
Julia Glesenklrchen to Carrie E. Baker, lot
on E line of Fair Oaks street. 183 S of Twenty
first. E 117:6 by S 61; gift.
William R. and Martha R. Hathaway to Pat
rick J. Tighe. lot on E line of Hartford street,
223 N of Twentieth, N 25 by E 125; $10.
James I. Gallavan to P. Ryan, lot on W line
of Alabama street. 101 N of Twenty-sixth. N
25 by W luO; $1<V • " '¦¦¦-¦
J. Cuneo Company to Covlngton Johnson, let
on NE corner of Sansome and Green street, E
120 by N 07:6; $9500.
Davide or David Perazzo or Perasso (by Du
genia Perazzo, administratrix) to came, same;
J950O. ,
A. and Amelia' Aronson to Charlotte F. j
Clarke, lot on NW corner of Trinity and Sutter
streets. W 40 by N 68:9. and property adjoin
ing on W and N. particularly N line of Sutter
street. 40 W of Trinity. W 0:6*i. N e8:llVi. E
40:»i*«. S 0:24. W 40, S 68:8: $10.
Therese M. Brooks to Asa E. White, lot on
W line of McCormlck street. 04:6 S of Pacific,
S21:6 by W 58:0; $10.
Nellie and Alexander Bond to Samuel and
Slgmund Strauss, lot on SE line of Folsom
street, 475 SW of Fifth, SW 25 by SE 160; $10.
John E.. Nelly C. Frederick E. and Emllle
M. Mason to Joseph B. Coryell. lot on W line j
of Missouri street. 516 S of Army. S 128:114 ,
by W 100; also lot on W line of Missouri street. ;
516 S of Army. W 100. S to Tulare. NE to ;
Missouri, N 187:114: $10. i
Same to same*, lot on NW corner of Missouri
and Tulare streets. N 63. W 100. S to Tulare.
E to beginning; $10.
Potrero Land and Water Front Company to I
same, lot on E line of Missouri street and NW [
of Tulare, NW 216. N 25. W 200. S 100; $10.
Emlle Ramlot to Mark I. Hart, lot on W Una '
of Fourth street. 125 S of Lake, S 25 by W 120;
$10.
William A. and Grace G. Lange to Union
Trust Company, l«-.t on SW corner of Thirty
sixth and Point Loboa avenues. W240. S 225. E
240. N 6O. W 120. N 75. E 120, N 10O; .
Samuel I. or Samuel Jacobs to D. J. Reeng.
undivided eleventh of lot on NW corner of !
Thiity-flfth avenue and Fulton (D) street. W
112:*. N 105. E 76:44, NE 75. S 16:44. *E 75,
S 168:2; $10.
Oscar Heyman to Jane Graham, lot on S line
of Heyman avenue. 70 W of Prospect. W 28:8
by S 70. lot 09, Herman's subdivision of Cobb
Tract; $10.
Junlata A. and William A. James to Major
L. and Rose Schulz. re- record of 2003 D. 884,
lota 1000. 1101 and 1103 gift map 2; 910.
TUlle Dick (Newhouse) to H. Scheellne. lot
on NW line of Laidley street. 187:104 N"E of !
Castro. NE 25 by NW 100, block 4, Fairmount; 1
*10. i
Eliza P. Brown to Elizabeth H. Jessup. lots !
2270 and 22U3, gift map 4; $10.
Ellen Magrane to same. lots 1039 to 1942.
same; $10.
A. C. Freeman and George E. Bates to Sam
uel Center, lot en W corner of Seventh avenue 1
and T street. S l«0. NW 75. SW 100. NW to '
Islals Creek. E to Seventh avenue, SE to be- !
ginning of block l.O, O'Neill & Haley Tract:
$10.
Same to same, lot on NE corner of Tenth
and Center streets, line of Islals Creek SE to
U stre«t. W to poi»n on Tenth avenue 150 NW
of O street. SW 100. NW 75, SW to center ot
Inlain Creek, thence NV^, N and E to begin
ning: $10.
fttme to W. W. Wilson, lot on SW line of
Eighth avenue. 275 NW of T street NW 100
by SW 100. block 172. O'Neill A Haley Tract;
$10.
Mary F. Mullen to Edwin L. Forster, lots
1915. 1920 to 1022. gift map 4; $10.
William Alvord to Bank of California, lots
42 to 48. block 80. blocks 89 and 01. lots i:»
to 22. block 182. lots 1 to 11, 13. 25 to 30.
32. 33, 41 to 4H, block 211, lots 1 to 14. 36
to 48, block 224, lots 1 to 4, block 226. lots
4, 5. 40 to 42. block 251, lota 22 to 2*. block
295. lots I«. 19. 2ft. 2» to 34. block 302. lots
1 to 3, 47 and 4S. block 303. lots 12 to 16. 38
and 39, block 335, lots 4, 6. 45 to 48. block
342. lots 23 to 29. block 374. lots 1 to 4. 45
to 48. block 37% lots 17 to 24. block 379. lots
1 to 7. 41 to 48, block 3S0. all In O'Nell & Ha
ley tract; also lot 15, block 108. lots 1. 13
to 16. block 112. lots 2. 3, 12 to 16. block 148.
lots 2 and 3, block 150. lots 9 and 16. block
155. all in South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association; also lot on SW line of
Klghth avenue. 175 NW of C street, NW 5O
by SW 10O, lot 3. block 156. same: also lot
4, block 150. lot 4, block 188. lots 12 and 13.
block 189. lots 9. 15 and IS. block 192. lots
9 to 15, block 193. lots 1. 15 and 16, block
lftfl. lots 5 to 7. 10 to 12. block 201, lots 5 to
7 and 10. "block 202. lots 1. 10 to 13. 15 and
16. block 203. lot 16. block 204, lot 16, block
203, lots 15 and IK. block 234. lots 6 to 10.
15 and 16. block 235. lot 9. block 236. lots
'2 and 15. clock 237. lots 7 and 10. block 238.
lots 8 and 9, block 246. lot A. 15 and 16. block
266. (lots 1 to 16). block 271. lots 2, 3. 11
and 15. block 275. lot 11. block 2S4. loU 3.
6, 6. 8 and 14. block 2S9, lots 1 to 5. 11 to
16. block 329, lots 2 to 6. 12 to 15. block 348.
lot J6. block 349,, lots 8 and 9. block 351. lots
13 and 14,. block 400, lot 15. block 401, lots 3
and 4. 13 and 14. block 1019. lots 1 to 3. 14
to 16, block li:22, lots 1. 3 to 14 and 16. block
1G29, same: also tract bounded on N by P. N.
Precita Creek and San Miguel Rancher, E by
bay of San Francisco. S by Rancho Canada
de Guadaloupe. W by San Miguel Rancho; also
lots 2 to 5, 12 to 15. block 511. block 518, lots
13 and 14. block 538. Bay View Homestead;
also lot? 5 and 10. block 2. lots 6 and 12, block
3. lot 15. block 4, lot 2. block 6. lots 1. 3. 6
and 7, block 7. lots 1. 2, 7. 8 and 9, block
8, lots 10. block 9. lots 4 to 7. block 33, lot
4, block 35. lots 4 and 5. block 53, lot 2.
block 48. lots 1 and 2. block 5ft. all in Paul
Tract Homestead, quitclaim deed; $10. .
Robert J. and Mary A. Lacey to Edw, Frank
and Margaret Kelly, lot on E line of Frank
lin street, 40:6 S of Pine. S 34 by E 75; $10. .
City and County of San Francisco to Aaron '
Levy, lot on S line of Ellis street, 13S:6 E of
Fillmore. E 22:9 by S 137:6; $ .
Carl and Margaret J. Kern to Elizabeth M.
J. Packer, lot on N line of O'Farrell street.
123 W of Scott. W 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Benjamin and Emma Mayers to same, lot
on W line of Scott street. 82:6 S of Pine. S I
32 by W 137:6: $10. '
Sarah G. Hillver to Richard and Ann Mar
shall, lot on N line of Waller street, 62:6 E of
Broderlck. E 25 by K 110: $10.
Daniel Einstein to Giles G. Crandall. lot 'on
N line of Pine street, 100 W of Lyon. W 30 by
N 100; $10.
Emily S. Newell to John W. Hamilton, lot
on S line of Waller street. 25 E of Belvedere.
, E 75 by S 108:9; $10.
W. W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Jacob and
Peter Schafer. I«t on W line of Laurel street.
82:74 N of California. N 25 by W S7:tt. quit
claim deed: $5.
[ Verein Eintracht (a corporation) to M. If.
i Pierian, lot on NW line of Folsom street.
174-.9U NE of Twelfth, SW 100:4«. NW
90:11%. NE 120:94. SE 90:9Vi: $30,5C0.
Edw. W. and Virgla M. Jones to James A-
Madden, let on E line of Folsom street, 171
N of Thirteenth. N 24. E 80, S 22:5ft. W 80;
I $10.
Bridget Owens to Elizabeth Meyer, lot on S-|
line of Eighteenth street. 250 W of Church, W
25 by S 114: gift. |
Angus and Flora McKlnnon to 'Henry DahC
lot on E lln» of. Sharon t.treet. 145 W of Six
teenth. N 25 by E 125: $10.
Margaret McGranaghan to George Schomer,
lot on SW corner of Sixteenth and Sanchez
streets. S 53:6 by W 100; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Dolban
B. and FannlP Akard. lot on S line of Twen
tieth strtet. 180 E of. Castro. E 25 by S 114;
$10. *
Catherine Hackett (Loughran. wife - of
Joseph) and Sarah Farrell (Loughran. wife
of Anthony) to Charles von der , Kuhlen. lot
on E line of York street. 100 S oT Twenty- '
second, S 25 by E 100; $10.
Octavla A. Doud to John E. Cro*s. lot on
N line of Twenty-fourth street. 37 W of San
Jose avenue. W 35:4% by N 87:6; $10.
Robert V. Croskey to Louis and Henry
Rosenfeld (trustees estatp John . Rosenfeld. de
ceased), lot on W line of Powell street, 76:10
8 of Sutter. R 20:10 hy W 100; $10.
Mary E. Quint to Samuel Croxier. lot on W
line of Mason street, 68:9 N of Jackson, N
62:9 by W 137 :C: $10.
Samuel and ' Frances Crozier to Nat M.
Raphael, same.; $10.-
Mary McTamney to Grace Plant, lot on 8B
line of Minna street; 346:6 NE of Sixth, NE
36 by SE 70; gift.
John aril Annie Walton to John M. • Peters,
lot on N line of A street. 32:6 E of Seventh
avenue, E 25 by N 100: $10.
, Annie L. Fry to Mary E. Redmond, lot on
E line of Second avenue. 225 S of Point Lobos
avenue. S 25 by E 120: $10.
Bemhard and Hose Getz to WUHam T. and
Mary C. Richards, lot on W line of Tenth
avenue. 125 S of N street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Hlbernta Savings and Loan Society to Martin
Hanr.on. lot on E line of Bellevut street.
211:8 N of Twenty-fifth.. N 175. E 250, S
126:8. W 125. S 48:4. W 125. portion block 15.
Noe Garden Homestead Union; $2100.
George and Isabella J. Jordan to S. Ducas
Company (corporation), lot on SW line of
Eighteenth avenue. 150 NW of K street, NW
75 by SW 100, lot 3, block 266, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion; ?10. .
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to William
Schwab, lot on NE line of Holyoke street. 100
NW of Silllman. NW 100 by NE120. lot «.
block 27, University Extension Homestead; $10.
A. . C. Freeman to John E. Carter, lot on E
line of Rhode Island street and center line of
Precita Creek, W and S to Vermont, thence
to Twelfth avenue. N and E along center line
of Islals Creek to Rhode Island, -N to begin
ning; $10. •"
John K. Carter to * Joseph B. Coryell. lota
2262. 2263. 226R and 2284. gift map 4; $10.
Abraham ¦ C. Freeman to W. W. Wilson, lot
on S corner of Sixth avenue and. T street.
SE CO by SW 200, lots 1. 2,i47 and 4S. block
130. O'N.and H. 4 Tract; $10.
- W. W. and Kathe Wilson to Joseph B.
Coryell — Lot on SW line of 8th avenue. 275
feet NW of "T" street. NW 100 by SW 100.
block 172. same: $10. •
Calvin and Mary Ross to same — Lots 252Q
and 2542 gift map 4; $10.
Edwin L. and Luella M. Foster to same —
Lots 2285 to 2287 gift map 4; $10.
¦¦. C D. Jessup . to same— Lots 2271 to 2273,
2294 to 2296. name; $10.
Thomas Moran to same — Lots 2521 to 2523.
2.Vt5 to 2539, same; lot on E line of Biggs
street and renter In Islals Creek. E 125 by N
led; lot on E line, of Biggs street and center In
Precita Creek. E to Doint that would ba ia-
Herman and Theresa A. Oelrtehs <owners>
with Thomas Butler tt Son (contractors), archi
tects Reid Bros. — Brick and terra cotta work
for Falrmount Hotel, on lot bounded W by
Mason. N by Sacramento. E by Powell and S
by California; $128,861.
Val Franx (contractor with Larsen Bro».
(sub-contractors), architects Salfleld St Kohl
berg — Excavation, brick and stone work, terra
cotta and sidewalk lights for a seven-story
and basement brick building on lot on SE cor
ner of O'Farrell and Carlos streets. E CO by
8 117:6; $2fi,S0O.
D.. B. Akard (owner) with J. Wenderlns;
(contractor), architects Rousseau A Sons-— All
work for alterations and addition* to a two
story frame building en S line of Twentieth
street. ISO E of Castro, E 25 by S 114. Mission
block 111: $3580.
Margaret O'Callaghan (owner) with J. Kosch
nitzkl (contractor), architects O'Brien & Wer
ner — All work except gas fixtures at.l shade*
for a three-story and attic frame butiding on
lot on X line of Fell street. 137:6 E of Webster.
N 120 by E 27:6; $10,100.
Same owner with Thomas W. Butcher (con
tractor), architect same — Rough and faced brick
and terra cotta work and setting of same and
furnishing and setting of all iron. work required
for anchoring the terra cotta, etc., for same on
same: $18.«8O.
James Torrey (owner) with N. H. Spauldlng
(contractor), architect All work for a two
atcry and rough basement frame building on
W line of Woodward avenue. 120 8 of Thir
teenth street. 25 by 90; $*2XKJ.
Kat* 1 Thsyer (wife of Frank) towner> with
William W. Kendall (contractor and architect)
— All work for a two-story frame building on
NW corner of Congress street. 150 SW cf Ma
eonic avenue SW 25 by NW 125. lot 19. block
4. Flint Tract; $S500.
John M. Vance (owner) with Ralston Iron
Works (contractors), architect Nathaniel Blals
dell — Cast Iron and constructional steel for an
eight-story and basement brick building on K
line of Taylor street, 72 :« N of O'Farrell. N 65
by E 82:6: $13,490.
Builders' Contracts.
Edwin L. and Luella M. Forster to same —
Lots 2140 19 2469. 2529 to 2531, 2534. 2115 to
2547. same; $10. .
Elizabeth H. Jessup* to same — Lota 1013 to
1919 same: $10.
Edwin L. and Luella M. Foster to same-
Lots 1035 and 1936 same; $10.
Elizabeth H. Jessup to same — Lots 2270 and
2293 same; HO.
Same, to same — Lots 1939 to 1!H2 same; $10.
Same to same — Lota 22G4 and 2265 same: $10.
Same to same — Lot on NE corner of Tenth
avenue and center line Islals Creek. SB to "U"
street. B to point 100 feet SE from SW line
of Ninth avenue SE 75 NE 100 E to point
375 feet NW of" "T" street. NE 200. E to
Eighth avenue. E along shor* of Is la la f?Teek
to Seventh avenue SE to "T" street, NB to
S shore Isials Creek. E to "T" st. NE to
Sixth avenue, SE to S shore IM.als Creek. E
to Sixth avenue, NW to center Islals Creek.
8\V to beginning, blocks 131, 177 and portions
blocks 172. 133 and ITS. O'N & H tract: $10.
Oolden Gate Acid and Chemical Works to
same— Lots 1937 and 193S. gift map 4: $10.
Same to same — Lots 2527. 2529. 2543 and
2544 same; $10.
tersected by E line of lot 2523. thence 8 to N
end of said lot. W to Biggs street. N* to be
ginning; |10. *
Elizabeth H. Jessup to" same — Lots 2540.
254 1. 2324 and 2525. gift map 4; $10.
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1903.
13
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2850; lot 75x125.
Nice 6-room cottage and bath.
. ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1461. 1500 Park at.. Alameda.
HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT. 21S— Sunny furnished rooms; gas,
laundry, bath, running water; warm belt.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny ¦ apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nished. 1530 Pclk st.
JESSIE, 333 — Large, sunny front room; fur-
nished; houaekt-eping; gas range; $12.
LASKIE. 27, bet. Eighth and Ninth, off Mis-
sion — Three sunny furnished rooma; $14.
SEVENTH. 191— To let. furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
STEINER. 1327. cor. Ellis — 2 sunny rooms,
bath, gas stove, etc. : rent reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fillmore.
—^—^—^— i —^ .
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and tnfurn.
AA — City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market St.. cor. Turk and Market sts.,
- Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate you free of charge
In Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN. 18 TURK ST.. 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET; 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: RATES 76c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH. :
A GENTLEMAN of regular habits ran secure
a single? room or alcove suite, sunny and
comfortably furnished, with private family,
one tlock from cable and electric car lines
and 5 minutes' walk from pars entrance;
references. Box 4»63. Call.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per -light. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth *t.>— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 E0 to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk — 3. 4 and 5 room apart-
rr.etits for hkpg.: strictly mod.; elec. elevator.
ARDELL 15 Page — Furnished rooms; best In
city for price; $1. $1 25. $1 50 week; hskpg.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents:
bath; running water; references. SS9 Post st.
; BURNETT. 142tt Market — (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished runny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY. 722— Newly furnished rooms; suites or
single.
EDDY. 867 — Large sunny room; suitable for 2
gentlemen: with or without board.
FIFTH XI — Sunny bay-window rooms; also
single rooms; $1 50. $2 50 to $4 per week.
FOURTH., 225 — Nice front room; also single
room*. ' !'**¦'- ¦
GEARY, 678— Cozy single room, $7 per mo.;
also one rear, separate entrance. $5 per mo.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mieslon— Rooma 50c
to $1 50 night; $2 to $6 week; reading-room.
HOTEL GRA YSTONE
66 Geary St.: phone Bush 880.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths i-nd singles.
HOWARD. 1U63- "The Harvey"; neatly furn.
eingle and double rooms; $1 50 week and up.
LYON. 1617, bet. Bush and Pine— Sunny room:
furnished or partly so. /
MINNA. 545 — Large, sunny, front room for two
gentlemen or light housekeeping.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
readire-rcom, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 £0; week, $2
*> $8; month. $8 to $3<>: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SINGLE sunny front room; private house;
$1 .I5 t«»r week. 1514 Mission St. ;
TO LET — A newly furnished front bay-window
room In new modern flat with use of bath;
16 minutes from Third and Market sts. ; north,
side of Market: handy to 3 car lines; must
have references. Box 13. Call office.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy St.. near Market
—400 slncle and family rooms; 35c to $1
night; $1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric
lights: reading-room; free bus and bagyage.
\"AN NESS ave.. 819 — Renovated: handsome
tunny furnished suites front rms.; mod. conv.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
AMOY. THE 801 DEVISADERO ST. I
Strictly fir*t-class family hotel; sunny rooms, :
suite or single; billiards; steam heat. •
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex. 807 California st. — Attractive In-
terior;' exceptional table;, free billiard-room.
THE JOHNSON. 605 O'Farrell st.— Sunny
mites and single rooms, with board: refs.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 paces. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED — Three or 4 unfurnished rooms for
light housekeeping, north of Turk, east of
I-arkln and south of Bush. Address box
4C32, Call office. •
WANTED — Sunny furnished room, north of
Market; private family; $U. Box 4948. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladies! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: fcafe. reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles."
la letter 'by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlehester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
PILES— PETER FREIL1NGS pile salve, $1 per
box; warranted to cure alt cases of bleeding,
itching, external. Internal or protruding piles
without fail, no matter of how long standing.
162S DeviFadere st.. near Sutter.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EAP.S
poslt ( vely cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter et.
STORAGE A.VI) WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furnTtureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard et.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
plERCE-RODOLPirs7orageT& MovingCo.. of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12(5.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
./TYPEWRITERS AKD SUPPLIES.
GREAtHbARG AINS IN~ TYPE WRITERS^Wa
veil better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 2«8.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
I tlcularv, L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
f gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 200 8ansome.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay. .
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
George H. Rathmell, 27, .Oakland, and
Helena C. Bundcscn, 23, city. *
Isaac Joseph. 64, 4<S3 Ivy avenue, and Bertha
Simon. 62. 301*14 Octavia street.
Henry Scheper. 25. 2*00 Pine street, and
May Hawklno. 20. 2S»14 Folaom street. * -
Fred S. Hutchins, 26, city, and Ada A. In-
man, 20. San Jone.
George O. Brookmiller. 27. Chicago, and
Fannie E. Clapp. 26, Santa Cruz. .
William C. Roche. 27. 735 Minna. street, and
Alice Mosher.' 20, 270 Fourteenth street.
Paul Souquet. 40, 1432 Geary street, rfnd
Caroline Muller. 30. 1425 Webster street.
Alfred- J. Herbstritt. 21. 037 Folsom street,
and Alice Besner, 18. 1036 Brannan street.
Bert N. Adklns, 23, Raymond, and Marie
Wagner. 21. 2018 Bush street. .
George N. Trlbou. 30. 242 Clara street, and
Rofie G. Howell. 23, city.
Hans C. Sand, 28. 70.514 Davis street, and
Jenny Strem, 27. 224% Twelfth street.
.Giuseppe Tortolani, 25, 215 Broadway, and
Mary O<»scarano. 18. 5 Prescott court.
Richard W. CoMello. 25. 1)23 Grove street,
and Mary G. Welsh, 22. 1215 Golden Gate ave.
Federlgo Vannucci, 2<i, " Guernevllle, and
Elena Cardosel, 2ti, Uuerneville.
OFFICES AM) STORES TO LET. I
£ilMA if PRECKELS .building. J27 Markrt *1 —
OrCe* to let; rent $15 ; light. h»*t. ;«.nltor anl i
_ jeleph.se. ASHTOK A O.VRPIXCR. j
712 FANfi.OME «., near Jackson— Handsome '
large Ftore; rent $25. <
FT ,ORE euitabl* f or bakery; 1 Java St.. Apply .
44i< Iluena VUta ave.
PEKSO3TAJLS.
A— FACIAL BLEM1SHKS REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin birthmarks. '
err.sllptfx ptttlngs and «care scientifically re- !
me ved m-ithcut cutting.rnassage. electricity or i
smciclne; special demonstrations this week, i
¦ Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary. •
WANTED — 777 ladies with scalp diseases; lots
cf hair and premature grayness prevented, j
<Can> treat by mall. Blank for stamp.) Ccn-
*u!taticr free. S:30 to 0: Sundays. 10 to 12. !
I X of '~." GEO - A - CARLO W. Specialist, roota ;
r'.S. 90. Market st." i
MORPHINE. oplunTand laudanum habits curtd j
»t home by a painless home treatment; in- |
horsed and us^d by leading physicians; corre. j
tp<Sid t nce strictly confidential; In pla'.n.sealed !
call or write to-day. ln<ila Drug I
Cur*. 201 Turk st.; Bruce P.* Klrr.rals. Mgr. j
THE S\&r Hair Remedy restores ?ray hair, tin- j
frovesJts growth ;stops falling ;cures dandruSC i
and Kchlng scalp; no stain or stickiness; |
cleanses scalp ;at drugpists'. hairdressers' ;ac- ,
cert ao substitute. Star RemedyCo..3S5Geary. |
J» .HENRY VEPSHY will not be responsive j
, (or any 6r\>it incur:-*-.! > > my wife. Mm. J
• l:iizabeth Vewey. s-h- having Ifft my Iwd and i
: -^ard. Aucu?t :t. IWi. \
L FISCHER has boM the restaurant at !
• 184 -Third ft t" Mr. .1. Aff.jltrr and will set- |
ti.« all hiils du<> t.. Aug 1. IMS. j
KOT he* cheap but how good, is the motto of •
tn* * manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary .
. Standard th* t-ewine-maehine cf to-day. J.
; >J". EVANS. ag*-nt 1021 Markrt st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' cxpericr.ee. cures per- I
" manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or !
¦'address Crfitral Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.. j
oornrr* Butter st. ; fee moderate. J
•-fcANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and j
¦Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard ;
-.U-fct.. near Ninth; ir.anacement Prof. Foster.
AT less than cost, -jnealled for suits, overcoats j
and" trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London .
. . Tailor. 721 Market st. I
ELEGANT 6Uits en easy Installments: 50 cents i
nr.tt up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar- j
ket St., between Seventh and Eighth.
6UITS to order on installments. $1 per week. '
Neuhaus Sc Co.. merch.taSlor*.727-729 Market. !
ALL style* hairdresMr.g. 25c: hair £oods; tnanl- i
curing 25c. G. LEDERER. 1^3 Stockton st. |
TAlLOR-tdADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50. ]
Misfit Clotb'.r.g Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont. ;
SUPERFLUOUS hair ar.d moles removed by :
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traveree.lI70Market !
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. ».i*s. !
c°urrtry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 731 Mlct. |
ALT"REIH"M'S Egyptian Henna restores «ray J
hair, to Jts natural color; $1. at all druggists.' j
fuperfluou* hair & moles removed with eleo j
. trie needle. Mrs. & Miss F.aton, 1119 Sutfer.
VA'RICOFE veins and catarrh curfd at Iirme.
Call or write for teFtlmorials. I>r. WILL- i
TAM? CO.. 14f> r^arv Ft.. S. F.
PAJL-IIST3Y.
• ; « — l
ilADAM PEVAF.scicsttSc palrr.ift and astrolo- |
Ct»t. • Office. 26 Liebes bldg.. 1£> Post St.; $1 i
i ra!m rea<*.!r.c a specialty; open Tuesday eve.
PAPBRHAXGING. PA1XTIXG. ETC.
JIOOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
¦ Hartn^ann Paint Co.. 313 3d Ft.; tel. Ma'n 413
PUYSICIA.\S AMJ MUtiEOXS.
'DR~~C~C. O' DON NELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
CiR. BALL. 1U73U Market «t.
KnilGVED — DK. WONG HIM, h»rb doctor;
treat*, all diseases of Us" human body: for j
past four yeart at 115-117 Mason: now lo- j
• roiled at- 6C7 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
Vii. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po j
Tai. Jierb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
>f.y«>h.'cured by Chinese herbs. 746-S Clay St.
PROPERTY WANTED.
•ftl'JCNY. house or coitajre. 5 to 7 rooms, yard; j
ii'i-d^rn improvements; convenient lo «'ars; |
.• j!irl .rash, halnnce monthly payment*. An- :
« i»wer tot in days, box 41':«i. «~'all office. j
L-EGAL AD\ EUTISEMEXTS.
• NOTICE* TO CREDITORS Estate of J. HARRY
' . BRBNNAN. deceased— Notice i« hereby
" ei\«n by the undersigned, administratrix of
'"•'the Estate of J. H.VKRY BHEXNAN, de-
' ceateS. to the creditors of a.r*d all persons
J-.ivicg claims ... . •-.? t the said deceased. I
' to «b,iblt them with the necessary vouchers J
• within four months after the ftrtt publlca- j
*jcn cf this notice to the eaid administratrix
.«t the office cf A. F. ET. SURE, roosi No.
1-03. Claiis Spreckels buildlne. San Fran- j
c^co,. California, which said office the un- I
<Jcrt;f • . selects as her place of business In
all n&tler» <!.•••¦:•. with said estate ot J.
HAItQY BRENNAN. deceased. CATH-
ERINE A. BRENNAN. Administratrix of
tbe Estate cf J. HARRY BKESSAS, de-
ceased. Datld San Francisco, -July 3, 1903.
A. F. ST. SURE, Attorney for Estate. Claui
fcpreckels building. San Francisco.
¦ '•¦! ¦ ' ___^_ j
NOTICE, of Dissolution of Copartnership — The
t5rni heretofore existing under the name ana
m'.yli «l Molden G«ite Dredjrlng and li^clam*.-
tion Company, doing business in the city
ar<l c$.uny of San Krancisco, State of Call-
lo.-ma. if this dny ditsoiVfd by mutual cun-
»•:.:. MARSHALL C. HARRIS having pur-
cl.-fcswl the entire interest cf WILLIS U. j
WHITTEIt in the concern.
Dated WILLIS G. WHITTER.
JuIyJ?. 1003. MARSHALL C. HARRIS.
OFFICIAL — Detriment of State. Washington,
D. C. July 27. 1!Ki3.— information has been '<
received at th:s department from MR. ED- j
WARD M. CONLE1. the Vice Consul General
ot the United States at Mexico City, Mexico,
of the death on the Kth of July, lftui. at
MexJco City, of HAMILTON L. MOULDER.
Tti*"legfil representatives cf the deceased can
obtain further information by applying to
Jhis department. Per dispatch No. 519 Dated I
July 16. 1903.
OFFICIAL — Dr-j artmrnt r>f State. Washington I
D. C. July 27. lttftt.— Information has been !
received at this department from MR. ROB-
L, ERT 15. JONES, the Vice Consul General of
, the United State* at Guayaquil. Ecuador, of
the death <>n the 17th of May. 1S*O3. at Guaya-
•. quil. of JOHN LEAKY SIMMONS. The legal
representatives o f the deceased can obtain
further Information by applying to this de-
1 r-tartrVnt. Per dispatch No. 4i». Dated May
:». 1&03.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted — Notice is hereby
given that sealed 1 proposals win be received
by the B^ard cf Directors of the Veterans'
Home of California at room 13. 320 Sansome
«... Francisco. Cs.!.. up to 3:30 p. m.
on MONDAY. August 10. 1603. for furnishing
uniform coats, pants ar.fi blouses for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County. Cal. (R. R. »ta-
tlcn. Youptville). for six months, ending De-
. * cember SI. 1S»O3. Preference will be given to
' goods manufactured In tbls State, price,
fttregf and quality b»Jng equal, under the
j :i,v^:o:.t cf sec. 3247 of the Political Code.
-. j>.. ¦•, bidder must accompany his Lid with a
certified ch*ck upon some well-known ar.4 re-
• epcnsible basking house for at least 10 per
. Vest of. tbe amount of bis bid, payable to I
C. "Mason Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that
the bidder will enter '.r.to a gopd and valid
c entrant upon notice cf acceptance, as re-
quired, by law. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids and to order any
quantity over cr under the amount specified.
Address John • F. Eheehan. secretary of the
}'. ,ard of Directors of tbe Veterans' Home of
California, room. 13. 820 6*ntome st.. Saa
Francisco. €aL By order of the Board of
Directors, j JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Sec.
iAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. July 3L 1003— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m.. August 31. 1903. and
then opened for repainting, plastering, kaiso-
roining. tinning, shingling and repairing at
the eeneraJ hospital at the- Presidio of Saa
Francisco. Cal. Government reserves right to
reject or accept any or all bids In whole or in
part. Information furnished on application
"to J. McE. HYDE, Deputy Quartermaster
¦ General. Chief Q. M. Dept. of California.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office, office of
California Debris Commission, Flood build-
ing. San Francisco, Cat.. July 2L 1903 —
.-.»>c proposal* for building portions of dams
«knrwn as Barriers Nt»s. 1 and 2) on Yuba
Kiver. Yuba County, about 14 to 15 miles
above Marjsvllle. Cal.. will be received here
' until 12 noon. August 5. V.n '¦'.. and then pub-
licly opened Information furnished on ap-
plication. R. P. JOHNSTON. Captain. En-
jrtneenr. Secretary. »
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
1 .IVIDEND .Notice— The G lHnt~Po wder Corn^
j*ny, Con. — A dividend. No. C6, of fifty
< enta. f!W)e) per share on the Issued capital
'¦. stock of the company has lx>en declared, pay-
' <ihle et the office of the company, rooms 202,
. -'04 and 200, Hayward Ruildins, S»n Fran-
cisco -on 'Aurust 10, V.aa. Transfer books
«-1os* Aug-JEt 3. 1903, at noon. C. C. QUINN,
S-<"T*t»ry-
* » rs«OLUTIOX OK I'AItTKKRSHIl'. *
To whom IT majt OOStCERRtlg
H. MrDONALD is ro longer a member of
ihr- firm of ti. T. JONI'S & CO.. he having
this day sold all his rirbt. title and Interest
¦ tr.< r< i» to the remair.ins member* of the firm.
G. T. JONES & CO.
«U1«. X. 1903.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR »A L B.
G. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION ?
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of residence. Investment and unimproved prop-
erties will be held at our galesroom. Monday,
August 10. 1003. at 12 o'clock noon.
ELLEN GALLAGHER .ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE. •
405 Gough and 317 Ivy ave.. SW. cor.: Im-
provements consist of two houses of 7 and 10
rooms and bath each, cottage of 4 rooms.
Steadily rented for $300 per annum. Subject to
confirmation by the Superior Court; lot 30x75.
A. MALONEY ESTATE.
42S-30-32 Eddy Et.. north line, near Leaven-
worth: modern building, consisting of 3 flats
of 5-6-7 rooms and bath each, and also two
rear flats of 5-6 rooms and bath each: In per-
fect order and Fteadlly rented for J2310 per
annum; let 26x137:6. Subject to confirmation
by the Superior Court.
FOLSOM tsT. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Kolsom Ft., south line. bet. Fourth and Fifth'.
A large choice holding will be offered in sub-
divisions. Lots level and ready for building;
etreet work all done and accepted by the city.
A splendid opportunity for Investors.
WESTERN ADDITION DWELLING.
f>S Elliott Park, off Stein*r Ft., bot. O Far-
rell and G^ary; a good, substantial dwelling
of (j rooms and bath; lot 22x70.
MISSION DWELLING.
4a-J7 isth M. near Castro: two-ftorjr dwelling
containing S rooms find hath: lot 2.ix!»:8.
THOMAS R. LECOl'NT ESTATE.
ADMINISTRATOR BALE.
California and I^ocust Ft*.. NE. cor.; un-
improved lot 37:6x107:7^.. Subject to con-
firmation by the Suwrinr Court.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
I Goufh Ft., eaFt line. l>ot. Vallejo and Oreen,
i unimproved lot, :*7xl<X>. _
CATHERINE HILL ESTATF.
34 Bluxorne Ft. north line, near Fourth: a
1 Fubnantlal three-Ftory building, ronMsting or
: Ftore. 5 rooms and two flats of o-i rooms
! each; rents $(T,6 per annum; lot 25x120. Sub-
! Ject to confirmation bjr the Superior Court.
J B. PAINTER ESTAin.
The fivB following parrel* will be offered:
No. 1.
SW. cor. P-yant and 2:>th sU.; unimproved
I lot*. 25x100 each.
| Krnturky st west line. bet. 2fith and Army;
, unimproved lot. B0x200. to Tennessee st.
No. X
Lot T.4. in block 12, of Flint Tract Homestead
AMOciation.
No. 4.
SW. cor. Faralloneg and Capital tts.; un-
• improved loUl, i5xlO.">.
No. 5.
Lot* SM-7-9-9, Oift Map No. 1.
For catalogue and Kirth^r part'cu'.ars apply
G. H. CUBSKS & CO..
20 Monteomery et.
I f 2.V10— B A Y -WIN DOW cottage. C large rooms;
bru-k foundation; porcelain plumbing; wooden
mantels; tiling: high plastered bailment; 2
nice lots. 25x1-40: 2 frontages; only $250 cash;
balance monthly; title absolutely perfect.
POLAN CO.. home builders. 1607 Market st.
; $¦«!<; — COTTAGE with 2 lot»; a bargain. •
«?_•'•' — Modern cottage, 4 rooms, bath. etc.
jisiin—i^vely cottage of 5 rooms and 4 lots.
Fine building lets. $150. $200 and $230 each.
THISTLKTON. 272 Padowa.st.. Ocean View.
| THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COM-
PANY. Bll-512 Callaghan building, will buy
you a lot and build you a house: small cash
payment : $> per month pays principal and
Interest on each $1000 of balance due.
$2000— HOUSE of 6 rms. and b. on Clipper St..
nr. Church: good barn; f.'OO down; bal. eaey
terms: must be sold. D. COFFIN & CO.,
:C>0."{ Missicn St.. orp. Twenty-ninth.
FOR sale— House 8 rms. ; high basement; sunny
Fide 19th. bet. Valencia & Mission; r.o reas.
offer refused. Stephens A Co.. 221 Powell.
N. W. CORNER of Folsom and Eighteenth I
FtF.; ROxW. Apply at 21 3S Folsom Et.
A V.'EEK'S news for 5 cents — The Waekly Call.
lfi pace*, in wrapper, for mailing. >1 per year
i "— " **—^ *— "^~^ mmm — —^ — —
REAL ESTATE — Country — Fop Snle.
ALFALFA lands, etock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: lnsi>ected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market st.
| $]O. (xm — 4« ACRES K<v>d healthy vineyard near
Llvermoro. SILAS «'. WRIGHT. Livermor-?.
j ™"—^^^^^
MIIIUU.VN REAL ESTATE.
M\PS and Information of San Rafael. Ross
and Mill valleys and Marin County of
CROKER & CO.. real estate agents. 137
Montgomery *t.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE. •
REAL estate exrhanee a specialty: free printed
list. Pacific Coast Exchange Bureau. 850
Market et.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE. *
—
$4200 — 7 ROOMS and bath; Grove St.; lot 42x
135; $500 dewn. balance easy terms.
$2000 — 6 rooms and bath: lot 60x120; street
•work done; modern plumbing; 1 block from
proposed car line, j
$400 — Lots half block from Grove-st. car line.
$3500 — 7-room house; barn; large lot; on street
car line: exceptional easy terms to re-
sponsible party.
! $1<5W> — C-room house, near College ave. ; lot 40x
120.
J1600 — l-room cottage: lot 50x135.
CHENEY & DERRY.
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
$G.V>0— LARGE block by the Santa Fe; $500 ,
down; balance on easy payment?. 9
$1500— Lot for factory Flte, 221x125. 172
1 ¦ $200u — Fine business corner on main thor-
I ouglifare, KiOxlOO; come and Fee It. 120
jliiou — Corner, 100x100. by the Santa Fe.- K
$750 — Old colonial nous* 1 ; lot 00x100; $75
i down: $15 month: save your rent. A24
$600 — Lot, 41x135. on prominent avenue. 161
$450 — Corner on railroad. 4Sx79: macadam. 131
*:i2n — Lot. 46x120; $10 down; $5 month. 174
J.':75 — Business lot. 20x75; t20 down. 67
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 1056 University ave.,
near San Pablo Hve.. West Berkeley.
I $4000—1507 PRINCE et.. near Santa Fe R. R.;
large 8-room house; high basement; sta-
! ble: cow barn; 7 houses for chickens; lot
160x133; street work complete; call and
inspect.
W. C. MORAN & CO.,
2131 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
FINE. new. handsome cottages: up to date; all
ronvrnienceF; close to cars; large lots; $1550
to $1000; only $200 cash, balance $16 CO per
month.
W. C. MORAN. Lorin Ftation. or
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby station.
FOR fair dealing, fair prices and good bargains
in hou*ef>, lots and renting, see MURDOCK
& CO.. Lorin etatlon. Berkeley.
A~WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Cail.
16 ra*es. <" wrippT. for mulling, ti per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
0F5TCE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKI.AXD REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL EARGAINS—
.
$3,000 only for a fne 7-room house; large lot;
all ttreet work done; easy terms.
$1,100 only for a C-room cottage In healthiest
location of East Oakland; easy terms;
must be sold this week.
P. C. LASSEN & CO..
406 10th et.. Oakland.
LOOK AT THIS] ~
IF you want to buy a cheap home on easy
teimF. it will pay you to Fee P. C. LASSEN
& CO.. 4C6 Tenth St.. Oakland.
FOR SALE— 3000 Realty Syndicate 0 per cent
certificates for one week at V2\i.
W. E. BARNARD.
470 Tenth st..
Oakland.
j $450 CASH. $10 monthly — New Queen Anne
l)t atcurjf cottage. 6 rooms and bath; 3 fine
lots, 75x100; all fenced; rich sandy loam soil;
Immense shade trees. ca.k, laurel and pine;
running spring water: a lovely home; near
cars and fine school; no fogs or winds; ad-
joining E&st Oakland; price In all $1250;
nothing like it for the money In California.
Call or send for circular. 4V5 Seventh St.,
opp. Broadway etatlon, Oakland: carriage
free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
HOUSE 6 rooms, etc.; modern; 857 37th St.,
near Syndicate bank and- station; a private
losn at your own terms of payment. Address
Bullfw. 831 60th ft.. Oakland, Cal.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
clsco. for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKUM) ROOMS AND BOARD.
TO RENT — Rooms and private board. 602
Fourteenth et.. Oakland.
OAKLA.AO FORMTCRE FOR* SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaac, llth st. cor. ¦tore.Oaklnd
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
Cisco as follows:
For Katchlkan. Juneau.
Skagway, etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
m.. August 4. ». II. 19. 24.
29. Sept. 3. Chans* to com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta.
coraa. Everett, Whatcom — 11
a. m.. August 4, 9. 14. 19. 24. 29. Sept. 3.
Change at Seattle to this company'* steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle for Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. August 2: 8. 14. 20. 2tS. Sept. 1; Corona.
1:30 p. m. August 6. 11. 17, 23. 29. Sept. 4.
For Los An«eles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. » a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cms. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. P?rt Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hurneme.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. August S. 13. 21. 29.
Sept. 6.
Ramon*. 9 a. m.. August 1. 9. 17. 23. Sept. 2.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain fotder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OTTICtS — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O, R. «£ N. CO.
"Colombia" sails Aug. 1. 11. 21, 31. "Oorg^
W. Klder" sails July 27. Aug. «. »u. 2<J. Only
steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
rail line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sail*
foot of Spear st. at aa r. m. Z. T. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. De?t., 1 Montgomery st; C.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt. 1 ;pC. 3 Montgom-
ery st.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YOUK-SOUTHAMPTOX— LONDOX.
Phila Aug, 12. 10 am.NewYork.Aug.26.10 am
St. Louis. Auj. 19,10 amj Fhila Sept. 2. 10 am
ATLANTIC TRAHSPOBT L'is.
NEW YOUX-LONDON DIRECT.
Menominee.Atig.8. 0 amjMlrinet'ka.Aug.22. 8 am
Mesab-i...Ausr. 15. » an:|Ml?inep's.Aug.29. 10 air.
Only First Class Passengers Carried.
uOMirtlOrt LINE.
m»STON-<JUEEXSTOWN-LlVERPO<):-
New England.... Aug. «fN'ew England.. -Sept. .1
Mayflower Aug. <i" Mayflower Ser.t. I'>
Commonwealth. Aug 27(Columbus Sept. 17
Montreal — Liverpool — rihor: sea passage
Aug. •<[ Kensington . ...Aujc.2 1 *
Canada Aug. 221 Dominion Sept. 5
bo* 401 * Mediterranean mnct
AZORES-GIBItALTAR-.NAPI.KS-CENOA.
Cambroman Sat.. Aug. S. Sept. 10. Oct. 31
Vancouver Sat.. Aujr. 2!>. Oct. 10. Nov. 21
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE. _
NEW* YORK-ROTTEUDAM. VIA BOULOGNE.
Sailing Wednesday at ID a. m.
Statendtm ....Aug. lSlNoordam Aug. 2«
Rvndam Aug. 19; Rotterdam ....Sept. 2
RED STAR LINE.
..„.,. yomc_A.VW«:i?P- PARTS.
Zeeland...Aug. **. 10 ami Vaderl'd.Aug. 22.10 am
Finland. Auk. 15. 10 am!Krocn'lrt.Auj.2U, lu am
WHITE STAR LINE.
NEW YORK— QUEENSTOWN— LIVERPOOL.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Arabic... Aug. 7. 5 pn-j Majestic. Aug. 10.- noon
Germanic. Aug. 12. noon] Celtic... .Aug. 21. 4 pn
Cedrlc. ...Aug. 14. 9 ami Victorian Aug. *>
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent. Pacific Coast.
i " ' '21 Post St., San Francisco. ¦
| TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of vailing.
S. a AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 2fl, 1903
S S HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1903.
S S. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 15. 1903
.*Vla Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
nanv'a office 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
ftamburg'/tmerican.
FOR PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURQ-HAMBTJRG.
Twta-Senv Express uri Pusaagsr Sirrisi.
Pretoria ......Aug. UKuecher Aug. 20
Moltke Aug. B Pennsylvania ..Aug. 23
Waldersee .....Aug. 8iA^ Victoria ...Aug. 27
P Slgismund..-Aug. 15 Patricia Aug. 23
HAMB0B8-A1IERIOAM LWB. 37 B*w» T , H. T.
HERZOG & CO.. 401 California St.. Oen. Agts.
flceanlcS.S.Co. s» sws
e S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. 6. 2 p. m.
g sTMARIFOSA. for TahlU Aug. 15. 11 a. m.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aug. 13. 11 a.m
il.SFI£CI£U&Bt8S.e8^<{ts..TttstBflki t S43lamt3l
Fr#tSSn.m Kukri SLferli 7.faaScSt
C0MPA8NIS GEKEBAL5 TBA53ATLAaTI()172
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. j.*w
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of -««LaZS>
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. '¦PTsrffi'g
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre/ $70 and upward. See-
nnd-class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
Nsw York. J. F. FTJOAZ1 * CO.. Pacific Coast
A rents G Montgomery avenue. S*n Francisco.
Tlcksta sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Max» Island and Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer OEN. FR1SBIB or MONTICELLO—
0:43 n. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. excapt Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a._m.. 8:80 p. m. Leaves Vallsjo,
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday, tua-
day. 1 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far«. CO caat*. T«U
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlssloa-st. dock. HATCU
SBOB. .. v
Arthur G. Prouty. 21. 911 Webster street.
and Amy O. Keller. 18, 806 Eddy street.
BIRTHS— MARRIA6ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the' name and residence of -per-
6ons authorized to have the same published..
B0BN.
COHN— In this city. August 2» 1003, to the
wile of William Cohn (nee Loewy), a son.
ENNIS— In this city. August 3, 1903, to th«
wife of Antone W. Ennls. a son.
HINKEL— In this city. August 3. 1003. to the
wife of George A. W. Hlnkel, a daughter.^
ISRAEL— In this city. August 2, 1903. to the
wife of J. Israel (formerly Hannah Martin), a
daught&r.
SCHILLER— In this city. July 27. 1003, to the
wife of Otto Frank Schiller.. a daughter.
WITMER— In this city. July 30, 1003, to the
wife of E. Wltmer. a son.
/ DIED.
• Allen, Arthur J. ¦' Mendelsohn. Natalia
Becker. Dledrlch Merrtam. William P.
Belli. Mansueto Murray. William
Clare, William J. O'Connor, John M.
Conley. Ada E. Paulsen. Frederick
Convery. Helen Randhahn. Richard
Daly, Annie ;;Jr. w
Farnum. Charles A. Ratto. Maria
Gallagher. Mary Richardson. John M.
Glgllo.- Joseph Roberts, James T.
Goger. Kunlgunda Ryan. Joseph B.
Greeiy. Ann Shattuck, Orvllle J.
Hall. John P. Stone. Edgar
Heatley. Minnie G. Taylor. Charlea Mel.
Holeha'n, Mrs. Ann Wahrllch. William
Katz, David Walsh, Mary J.
Knierr, Byron F. Walsh. Mrs. Mary
Leach. Dorothy E. Webster, Mary E.
Loefler. Catherine « eller. Mrs. Chris-
Lusi«on, Mrs. E. S?. tina F.
McMahon, Ann Wiseman, I<awrenca
Marsdcn. Ida
ALLEN— In this city. August 3. 1003. Arthur
J. Allen, a native of England, aged 32 years
'.t months and 6 days.
ttVl-riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 1*40 Mission street. Cre-
mation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BECKER— In this city. Aukusc, 2. 1903, at
his residence, 637 Sutter street, corner of
Leavenworth. Diedrich Becker, dearly be-
loved husband of Wllhelmine Becker, and
father of Mrs. J. E. C. von Orsen, Mrs. Aug.
Hansen, Mrs. E. A. Groeslnger and Edna
Becker, a native of Hanover, aged 57 years
and 4 months.
IT7 Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Cbncordia Lodge No. 122. I. O. O. F. ;
Walhalla Encampment No. 7, I. O. O. F..
and Walhalla Rebecca Lod«re No. 130, I. O.
O. F.. are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 p. m.,
from St. Markus Church, on O'Farrell street,
between Franklin and Gough, where the
funeral services will be held. Please omit
flowers. Interment Odd* Fellows* Cemetery.
BELLI— In Colma. August 2. 1003, Mansueto
Belli, dearly beloved husband of Emi>st»
Belli and beloved father of Angelina, Diva
Teresa and J*uira Belli, a native of San
Donato, Lucca, Italy, aged 52 years 4 months
and 20 days. A member of Court Colma No.
83, F. of A. . •
tVFrtenaH flnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, August 5. 1903. at 9:30 o'clock, from
his late residence. Colma station. Pan Mateo
County thence to St. Ann's Church, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Italian Cemetery
(vault).
CLARE— In this city, August 1, 1003. William
J. Clare, beloved son of the late John and
Anna Clare, beloved brother of Mrs. Mary
• O'Malley Mrs. Sarah Hurtle and Michael
Clare, and uncle of John T. and Edward
O'Malley and Eddie and Thomas Hurtle, a
native of Manchester. England, aged 4o
years. A member of the Veteran Firemen s
Association of San Francisco.
IC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 0:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 723 Brannan street, thence to St.
Rose's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. I
CONLEY— In Oakland. August 2. 1903. at 560
Eaet Sixteenth street. Ada Elizabeth Conley,
beloved mother of Harry E., George D..
Irma E. and C. Edrar Conley. a native ot
California, aged 44 years 6 months and 19
days.
CTTrteniis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at
the Church of the Advent. cAnu-r of Twelfth
avenue and Ea«t Sixteenth street, East Oak-
land.
CONVERY— In this city. August 2. 1903, Helen,
beloved daughter of Patrick flnd the late
Annie Convery, and sister of Annie and Cath-
erine Convery and Mrs. A. W. Shields, a na-
tive of San Francisco, ased 21 years and 6
months.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 0:15 o'clock, from her ¦ lale
residence, ¦ 2549 Post street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her eoul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DALY — In thla city, August 3, 1003, at her
daughter's residence. 82 Rausch street, An-
nie, beloved wife of the Iste Frank Daly,
and mother of Henry J. Daly and Mrs. Jen-
nie Gaffney and Mrs. J. V. Prior, a native of
County Clare, Ireland. ¦ #
FARNUM— In Oakland, August 3, 1903. Charles
Alson. beloved husband of Mattle A. Far-
num, and father of Edmond Trtifsdale Far-
num. a native of Maine, aged C6 years 7
months and 8 days. Past master of King Sol-
omon's Lodge No. 26O, F. and A. M. ; a mem-
ber of King David LodKe No. 200, and the
Royal Arch Chapter; past prelate of San Luis
Oblspo Commandery; past commander of
Fred Steele Post. G. A. R.. all of San Luis
Oblspo, and a member of Valley Lodge, A.
O. U. W.i of San Francisco.
GALLAGHER— In this city. August 2, '1903,
Mary, beloved -wife of the "late Bernard Gal-
lagher, and dearly beloved mother of Rose,
Daniel and Mollie Gallagher, a native of
County Donegal. Ireland, aged 57 years 0
months and 29 days. •
O^TMriei.'ls and acquaintances afe respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow,
- (Wednesday), at fl:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 22!» Langton street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
GIGLIO — In Stockton. Cal., August 2, 1003,
Joseph, dearly beloved son of Anita Valenzi-
ana. and brother of Bertie Gisrllo. Mary and
Rose Valenziana and Mrs. Vincent Pensa-
bene. a native of California, aged 26 years
3 months and 1 day.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from southwest
corner of Bay street and Montgomery ave-
nin>. Interment New Italian Cemetery.
GOGER — In. Oakland. August 2. 1903. Ku-
nlgunda Goger. sister of Wolburga Kast, and
aunt of John K. and Louis S. Kast and
Thomas and Ben Selberlich. n native of Ger-
many, aged 82 years and 15 days. A mem-
ber of the Chrlstllche Mutter Verein.
KX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company. 1209 Mission street, between
Kigl-.th and Ninth, thence to St. Boniface's
Church. Golden " Gate avenue, near Jones
street, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the ippoee of her soul, com-
mencing. -at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GREELY— In this city. August 3, 1903. Ann
Greeiy, a native of Ireland, aged 77 years.
HALL— In this city. August 1, 1003. John P..
dearly beloved husband of Mary B. Hall,
and father of Annie. May and msie Hall
and Mrs. J. R. Bockman, a native of Syd-
ney. Australia, aged 60 years.
CTFuneral to take place from his late
residence. 1/26 FUlmore street, thence ! to
Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn re->
qulera mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul to-day (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock.
Interment private.
HEATLEY— In Oakland. August 2, 1003, Mln
nle G. Heatley. beloved wife of Charles W.
Heatley, daughter of Mrs. Annie Ewart. and
ulster of John M.. Jennie F. and Robert
I Ewart. a native of Ireland, aged 28 years 6
months and 14 days.
¦ K7"Frle.nd8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. August 4. 1903. at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence, 1215 Eighth street. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
HOLEHAN— In San Jo«e. August 2, 100.1, Mrs.
Ann Holehan. belovfd wife of Patrick Hole-
han, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
ICJ-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday). August 5, at 10 a. m.. from
h-r late residence, 21 Edwards avenue, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a eolemn re-
quiem mass will be said for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10:30 a. m. Interment
Santa Clara Cemetery.
KATZ— In Oakland. August 2. 1003. David,
beloved husband of Sarah Katz. and father
of Aaron Katz of Germany. Mrs. M. Roeen-
Karten, Mrs. A. Blumenthal. Mrs. Yette
Lewis. Mrs. Malchen Isaacs and Miss Clara
Katz. aged 78 years.
KNIERR— In this city. August 2. 1003, Byron
Franclo Knierr. dearly beloved «on of Albert
fl , NEAREST THE^CITY t
It i
I OFFICE! 916 MARKET_ST. jj
F. J. Monahan, President. ./
MONAHAN & CO.,
. (Inc.) V
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERP
2339-2341 Mission st. Telephone Mission 81.
I James ¦ McGinn. - - -' < ' Henry Hanaco. ¦
JAMES McGINN & CO., 1
Formerly With McGinn Bros.. I
¦ Funeral Directors and ~mbalmer»- — I
214 Eddy St.; Tel. South 670. - I
and Marcella Knierr,: and brother of Mar-
cella. Magdalena Knierr, a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 years and 17. days. - -
ICFriends anil acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 2300 Folsom street, corner
of Twentieth, thence to the Church of ot.
Charles Borromeo, corner Eighteenth and
Shotwell 3treets, for services. Interment
Holy'. Cross Cemetery. ¦
LEACH— In this city, August 3, 1003. at her
residence. 233 Dolores street. Dorothy Eliza-
beth Leach, beloved daughter of Richard and
Elizabeth Leach, a native of Liverpool. Eng-
land, aged 18 years. 7 months and 16 days.
(C/'triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), from the . Mission Dolores
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
b* celebrated for the repose or her soul, com-
mencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cros3
Cemetery
LOEFLER— In this city. August 3, 1003. Cath-
erine Loefler, beloved mottter of Mart G.
and Phillip Loefler, .Mrs. C. H. Schlueter.
Mrs. Isaac Grant and Mrs. Jay R. Mahon*.
a native . of Germany, aged 67 ' years 11
months and IS days.
E7Notlce ot funeral hereafter.
LUSSON— In San Jose. Cal.. August 2. 1003,
Mrs. Elizabeth Stanley Newton Lusson, be-
loved wlf« of Dr. T. N. Lusson, a native of
Indian Territory, aged 58 years 3 months and
15 days.
lirrricnds and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from Trinity Church,
corner of Second and St. John streets. In-
terment Oak Hill Cemetery.
McMAHON— In this city. August 3. 1003. Ann
McMahon. beloved mother of John J.. Phillip
P.. Charles F. and George W. T. McMahon,
Mrs. Susie T. Boyle. Mrs. Annie E. Ilynes
and the late Mrs. Mary C. Lewis, a native
of Queens County, Ireland, aged 77 years.
CJ»'Krlends ana acquaintances aie respect-
fully Mnvlted to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. August 5, 1003, at 8:30 o'clock, from her
late residence. 811 Greenwich street, thence
to St. Francis Church, where a requiem high
jnass will b« celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARSDEN— In the City and County Hospital,
August 3. 1003, Ida Marsden, a native of
California, aged 26 years. •¦
MENDELSOHN— August 3. l»03. Natalia Men-
delsohn, beloved wife of Morris P. Mendel-
sohn, and beloved mother of Louis. Emma.
Bertha, Philip, Sadie, Sam and Isador Men-
delsohn, a native of Keemoau. Germany,
aged 50 years 7 months and 8 days. ¦
E/'Notlcis of funeral hereatter. I
MERRIAM— Entered Into rest at Napa. August
l.i 1003. William P. Merrlam. beloved hus-
band of Annette Merrlam, and beloved father |
, • of Emma Merrlam, a native of Camden, ,Me.
MURRAY— In this city. August 2. 1903. Wil-
liam, beloved son of Ellen and th« late
Thomas Murray, and brother of Joseph and
John Murray and Mrs. John Sader, a native
of San • Francisco, aged 22 years 2 months
and 9 dayp.
ICTTrieniis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the runeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, 201 Ivy avenue, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNOR — In South San Francisco. San Ma-
tea County, August 2, lfias. John M. O'Con-
nor, beloved brother of Michael and Jere-
miah O'Connor, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 47 years.
OKrieiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-dav
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor ¦& Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem macs will be celebrated for the repose
• of his soul, commencing at 1O-.15 o'clock. In-
I terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PAULSEN— In this city. August 2. 1003. Fred-
erick W., beloved son (of Hermann and Eliza-
beth Paulaen, a native of San Francisco,
aged 30 years 4 months and 24 days.
lETFriends are Invited to attend the fu-
neral to-day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from
the family residence. 1837 Eddy street. In-
termont strictly private. Please' omit flow-
ers.
RANDHAHN— In this city. August 2. 1903.
. Richard Jr., dearly beloved and only son of
Richard and Millie Randhahn, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 2 months and
28 days.
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, trom the residence
of his parents, 535 Arkansas street, between
• Twentieth and Twenty- first, Potrero. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
RATTO— In this city, August 2. 190:1. Maria,
dearly beloved wife of Antonio Ratto, and
loving mother of John. Antone, Charlie,
Stephen. Joseph. Rwie and Clara Ratto. a |
native of Italy, aged 41 years ;; months and
1 day.
RICHARDSON— In this city. August 2, 190-1.
John M.. beloved husband or Belle Richard-
son, and father of Mrs. Lottie Redmond.
Mrs. v Dora Boetlck. Mrs. Florence Starrette.
Mrs. Ada Lusso. Mrs. Ida Hunt. Mrs. Anna
Howden and Joseph E. Richardson, a native
of Iowa, aged 64 years 10 months and 27
days.
ROBERTS— In this city. July, 31, 1903. James
Thomas Roberts, beloved son of Julia A. and
the late Edward Roberts, and brother ol
Mollie. Laura, Robert and Russell Roberts
and Mrs. F. W. Blodgett of Oakland. Mrs. J.
0. White and the late George and Albert
Roberts, a native of Yolo County. Cal., aged
44 years and 17 days.
ICTFuneral and interment In Yolo. Yojo
County, Cal. Remains at the chapel of
Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1000 Mission
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
RYAN— In this city. August 2. 1003. ..oseph B.,
dearly beloved husband of May E. Ityan,
loving father of Lloyd and Gladys Ryan, and
brother of William T. and Edward S. Ryan.
' MrsT Mary Legge. Mrs. M. Ward and Mrs.
D. O'Connor, a native of San Francisco, aged
37 years 4 months and 14 days. A member
of San Francisco Tent No. IS. K. O. T. M.,
and Court Seal Rock No. 45. F. of A.
ErThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at U o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 866 MUslon stree:.
between FCurth and Fifth, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a rt-quiem high
mats will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul et 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SHATTUCK— In this city. August 1. 1903. Or-
ville J. Shattuck, a native of New York, aged
' 75 years.
(t/'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner of Market and Seventh
streets under the auspices of Fidelity Lodg«
No. 222. I. O. O. F. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. Remains at the funeral parlor of
Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission street. Mission
¦ Masonic Temple.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. F. — Broth-
ers are requested to attend the funeral of
our late brother, O. J. Shattuck. at 1 o'clock.
Wednesday, August 5, from Memorial Hall,
1. O. O. F. buildinr.
J. R. CASSIDY, N. G.
A. G.' MEYER. Rec. Sec.
STONE— In East -Oakland, August 3. 1003,
Edgar, son of Mary A. Stone, and brother of
Clara A. and Millie Stone, aged 36 years 3
months and 20 days.
TAYLOR — In this city. August 2. 1903. Charles
Mclntosh Taylor, dearly beloved son of Mary
and the late David Taylor, a native of San
Francisco, aged 34 years 4 months and 23
days. A member of Nlantlc Parlor, N. S.
G. W. ' .
ClTServlces will be held to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, at his late
residence. 21*19 Laguna street, between Union
and Filbert. Interment private. Laurel .Hill
Cemetery. Kindly emit flowers.
WAHRLICH — In this city, August 2. 19OJ,
William Wahrllch, beloved nusband of Chris-
tine Wahrllch. and father of Carl Wahrllch.
a native of Denmark, aged 47 years 10
months and 9 days. A member of Freja No.
6, Danla.' (Salinas papers please copy.)
(CKiiends anil acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. C. Petersen. 228 McAllister street. In-
terment Odd FellowH' Cemetery.
WALSH— In this city, August 2, 1003. Mary
Josephine, beloved wife of Jerome Walsh, a
native of Ireland.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 8*:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 8327 Twentieth street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
eoul. commencing at 0 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets. .
WALSH— In this city. August 3. 1003. at the
residence of her sister. Mrs. Dennis O'Brien..
110 South Broderlck street, Mrs. Mary Walsh,
a native of County Kilkenny, Ireland.
WEBSTEK— In this city, August 1, 1803, Mary
E. Webster, beloved wife of Walter B. Web-
ster, a native of San Jose. Cal., aged 41
. years 7 months and 13 days.
- (TJrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
at 10 o'clock, from her late residence, 4ltt
Lyon street. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
WELLER— In Oakland. August 2. 1005, Mrs.
Christina F. Weller. beloved mother of Mrs.
Henry Eckstein and Gustav and Elma Well-
er. a native of Germany, aged C6 years 2
months and 18 days.
WISEMAN— In this city, August 2. 1903, Law-
rence J.' Wiseman, a native of Wisconsin,
aged 40 years. • •
(D^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 0:30 a. m.. from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy
street, thence to St. Mary'« Church for ser-
vices, commencing : at 10 a. m. Members of
the Electrical Workers' Union requested to
attend. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
") We sincerely thank oar many friends and
' acquaintances ' and Damon Lodge No. 2, K.
of P., for their ktaUncsa ana extended sym-
pathy to, u« during our recent bereavement,
• and for the many beautiful floral offerings.
MRS. HARLAN PAGE SMITH (wife).
FRANK HARLAN SMITH,
¦ '.¦ MRS. GEORGE W. RICE,
MRS. OTTO FRANK SCHILLER.
.An endeavor Is being made to have the
street/ cars of New York and Brooklyn
adorned with a mirror, placed directly in
front of. the motorman, so that the men
behind the lever can see whether passen-
• gers are clear of theicar."^Bank Stock paper Is' made from.pure'rnate-'
rials. Myseu-Rolllns,22 Clay, are agents for It."
'. HONOLULU,^ Aug. ! 3.— The '¦ dred«!ng of the
channel ~ of ; Pearl *' Harbor ' under i the ¦ direction
of .the; United States ¦ Government was *. finished
to-day. ... -';¦¦-' ' - - __
In accordance with an order Issued yes
terday by Judge Murasky, the ' Board of
Public Works will appear before him on
August 28 to settle the claims of property
owners who allege they {were' Injured by
the" recent change .In the grade of De
Haro,. Twenty- fourth; and other streets.
The order was issued in a suit filed by the
board - • ¦ ¦
Will Adjudicate Claims.
Is*' almost '.constantly, irritated by wind
and j mineral * laden" dust. .'Inflammation,
redness^' Itching and followed
by..' granulated 1 eyelids,' are the "results.
MURINE. . EYE : REMEDY gives quick
relief.' Doesn't .smart; soothes eye pain.
Makes weak eyes strong. 'Your druggist
or"optlcfan sell Murlne-at 50c.: •
The San Francisco Eye
Chief Wlttman, . after making ' himself
conversant with the case of Policeman
F. W. Hyland. suspended him yesterday,
pending - the hearing before the Police
Commissioners. Hyland. as already pub
lished, is accused by Mrs. Nellie Wad
hams I of keeping her purse, containing
$125. Mrs. Wadhams was arrested for
drunkenness and Hyland went with her
to ( the Property Clerk's office 'after her
discharge to get her money back. She
and Hyland went to a restaurant and
she alleges that i Hyland got her purse
for safekeeping and refused to return it.
Hyland. denies getting the purse.
Policeman Hyland Suspended.
- BERKELEY;. Aug. 3.— President Rick
ard-ofi.the:Board!of Town /Trustees has
appointed, as .members, of; thei committee
to. receive the. Grand Army; of the Repub
lic 'veterans? when' they visit Berkeley on
August 21: G.' A. • Wanger, G. 4 H. '' Chick.
W.'H. iWaste. f M.; P,\W. /Albee, Francis
FerrlerV- F. j L. • Naylor,' W. [ E.- - Rnowles,
Clyde , Abbott.t .R-v C. Hstaats';. iThomas
Dowd,; Christian Hoft, Robert Grieg, Fred
F. - * Connor and* M..L.' Ryder. This com
mittee -, will, co-operate the ,' : follow
ingnamecl "committee," representing Look
out ; Mountain -Post of Berkeley:': John H.
Wilde,-; J.; RT Ayes, : N. - L. ? Freeze, Gilbert
Shepherd; R.' Rockwood ! Flint and W. H.
Wiseman. V '¦ ¦'¦¦' [ '•' . ' '
Names G.. A. B. Committee.
The funeral will: be held Wednesday at
t o'clock at; the Masonic 'Temple, y under
the auspices of Live Oak Lodge No. 61,
F.'andA.-M. . ~ • r j
•OAKLAND, Aug.* 3.— Charles Alson
Farnum, a resident , of , San . Luis Oblspo,
died suddenly tOrday ¦ at : , 581 - .Twelfth
street. The deceased was a- prominent
Mason, being past master of King Solo
mon Lodge, > No.» 260, - of I San Francisco,
and a member ..of King David's Lodge,
Np.-209, of San Luis. Oblspo. He. was also
prelate of the "Knights Templar, and a
member • of the ,;• Royal • Arch * Masons of
that city. Deceased leaves wife and
one son, Edmund -T. 'Farnum. Mrs. Fflr
numUs past -grand, matron of the Order
of the Eastern. Star of California.
Passing- of Prominent Mason.
: William Sablns, who made a desperate
attempt on his wife's life at 1S12 Mason
street on Sunday morning and then shot
himself and cut his own throat, was re
moved from the Central Emergency Hos
pital yesterday to the City and County
Hospital, where he lies under the careful
watch of a policeman. Sablns was In no
Immediate danger at an early hour this
morning, but Mrs. Sablns, who is still at
the Emergency Hospital, remained In an
unconscious and critical condition.
During the evening the woman's first
husband,' E.M. Johnson, called and asked
to' be allowed to sit by the side of his
former wife. • His request was granted
and /for hours the man never left the
cot on .which Mrs. Sabins lingers between
life and death.
POLICEMAN WATCHES AT
WILLIAM SABINS' BEDSIDE
"Would-Be Murderer and His Wife,
Whom He Shot, Still Hold
On to Life.
The stables of the Overland Frelght'and
Transfer Company . again miraculously.'es
caped j burning 'and 9 damage Ctb -the, '.sheds
will approximate $500. The "employes'* of
GOOD WORK >OF^ FIREMEN.
The . stables of the Stetson-Renner.
Draying Company, -, are Immediately
In the rear ; : of the! r burned, building,
and had a close, call'and "escaped :wlth a
$500 damage to the sheds. , It so' happened
at the time ' the flre broke out that the
majority of the* teams and drivers were
In' the 'yard.- 'As soon as It was seen that
the 1 , flames -were breaking ¦ through | the
sheds which, shelter the trucks' for, : the
night J. ",W. Stetson, , one j of ( the propri
etors; called ,for volunteers ;.to .'save! ' the
valuable rigs. 4 All 1 of !the employes, .who
are -members of -'the .Brotherhdod,, 'of
Teamsters, responded, and "the- -wagons
were quickly,' drawn to a' place of- safety.
: On the east side ;of : the .Weston Manu
fact uring Company | p. ; Bucking | conducts
a' cooper shop' 1 in 1 the : basement. of.' a, two
story: frame, structure. ?„ The upperlfloor. is
divided" into two ¦ dwelling " houses;) one : of
Which is occupied ; by Bucking," who owns
the j buildlngi g and | the other ] by .-.; W. ¦ C.
Robinson i and~famlly, r who -only • moved
In to. the house on Sunday. Bucking esti
mates the loss tohia building andebop
erapej at; $2000'and ) Is • fully } insured.' i The
Uobln&ons managed to: save some of their
effects, but the " majority "were . ruined : by
smoke . and ; waterS • • ' * ' '. . ' '•!'.¦."• '."¦ .- -•:-.
STABLES JUST ESCAPR
. W. Jameson stated that* It 1 Is his belief
that the flre started from, the engine
room. He made the following statement:
All the employes of the factory etopped work
at 5 o'clock and the machines were, shut down.
At the time the, fire broke out I was in the
foot-power - room - on • the .second floor, and • was
about fo proceed 'downstairs when flames burst
through the floor of . the ' storeroom, ; which \ Is
inthe rear of the .building and 1 directly over
the engine-room. , It took but a -second ' to. see
that any effort . on my . part : to -.put', out the
flre .would be unavailing, eo" I -. Immediately
gave the alarm. > .-• \-'y. \". *.v : ¦: '. '
, E. R. Crawford, one of the superintend
ents . of the ¦ factory,' .stated ,that until ¦ an
investigation was • made he would' be un
able to assign a cause for the v fire.,- From
the statement of the, watchman and* the
fact' that the'.flres in the engine-room are
banked ' at "¦ night' it [ is 'the ' consensus • of
opinion 'that It-had its start near the boil
ers.' According to Mr. Crawford the plant
was : valued at : $50,000 and the stock at
$25,000, and will be a total. loss. Owing. to
the. inflammable nature of the' goods man
ufactured and the fact that the establish
ment has been destroyed: by flre before
the insurance. companies have regarded it
as a 7per cent risk. 'The members of -the
firm were' reticent as /to <the amount of
Insurance carried, but as ,ne"ar as can be
ascertained 'If is . In ' the ] neighborhood of
$23,000, distributed! among 'the .following
companies: 'Thurlngla,-. : 1 Pennsylvania,
Aachen and -Munich/ Hanover* and "Ham
burg-Bremen. • . . «
WATCHMAN'S STORY.
awaiting shipment; The establishment
shut down, for the. day" at 5 o'clock and
W. JamAon,. who Is. employed In'the ca
.paclty of watchman,'-- was left -in .'charge:
He was the first to discover 'the, fire and
upon realizing: the futility of attempting
to combat the flames -ran to the. street to
give the alarm. ;-By this time others in
the neighborhood had seen the flre and an
alarm had already been .turned In from
box 186. . , .M . ".' , ; , '. ,.
At 6:34 "o'clock .last evening "an alarm
was .turned - in . from • box 47, : Eddy and
Powell streets." The^blaze was confined to
"some rubbish. in /'..the basement of the.Ad
ams,- a lodglrig-bouse- af 29 'Eddy, street.
The-jflre -was; soon V extinguished- from a
'stream \frbny' the jj chemical ;engine. The
engines and: hose. carts that responded to
the alarm were , dispatched- from i the flre
that was- raging down on. Bryant street.
At 6:19 . o'clock last evening an alarm
was turned- in from box 53 for a roof flre
on Brannan street, above third. The blaze
was • quickly extinguished ', and the loss
was- not 'over $20.-, ' -¦.•' ¦ ' '¦
Taking into consideration the natura of
the material stored In the blazing struc
ture and the fact! that* a, strong wind was
blowing/ it is. regarded as remarkable that
the • fire 'was . confined to the building- in
which it started. . Chief Sullivan, in addi
tion ;to, superintending the fighting of the
stubborn flre, personally responded to the
two.; other alarms. Several of the engines
at .the Bryant-street > fire In addition to
those ; expected " to cover* in - were dis
patched to . the other boxes. The police
arrangements' were admirable § and the
crowds -.were not' allowed . to '.hamper the
firemen. --. ' • ; , - ' ¦ . «
the firm kept the buildings wet down with
severar lines of hose.
Edwin Orrltt, chief clerk In the pur
chasing department of the Southern Pa
cific Company and who lives at 1521 Ben
ton street, Alameda, came across the bay
on the 9 o'clock boat on Sunday night.
After leaving the ferry he saw a crowd
of hoodlums beating a Chinese* at. Sac
ramento and Market streets and inter
fered to . protect the Mongolian. The
crowd attacked him and he shouted for
help. Policeman C. B. Harris heard his
cries and when the officer appeared the
crowd scattered. Harris arrested Tony
Josephs and Frank McDermott and
booked- them on a' charge of battery.
When the cases were called In Police
Judge Conlan's court yesterday the Judge
iwas Informed . that OrrUt had been so
brutally beaten that he was confined to
bed at his home and serious complica
tions might develop. The cases were con
tinued till Friday and the Judge ordered
the defendants into custody, pending the
result of Orrltt's Injuries.
Edwin Orritt of Southern Pacific Pur
chasing ' Department Seriously-
Injured by Hoodlums.
PROTECTS . CHINESE. AND
IS, BRUTALLY BEATEN
SCENES DURING THE BURNING YESTERDAY: AFTERNOON 0P..THE
FACTORY ¦': OF : THE WESTON - BASKET .AND MANUFACTURING
COMPANY;.- WHICH, THREATENED A SERIOUS .CONFLAGRATION.
Mrs. Bingo— Oh, dear! do you think that
death ends all? Bingo— All but the estate.
The lawyers end that— Judge.
Charles Alpers. an involuntary .Insol
vent residing in this city, filed his sched
ule of debts and assets yesterday In the
United States District Court. He owes
$19,390. and has $40,000 unliquidated claims
as assets. The petition was filed on Octo
ber 18 of last year.
E. L. Berry, a railroad conductor of this
city, filed a petition stating bis liabilities
to be $398 and no assets.
Petitions * in Insolvency.
Judge Beatty took the, case under;.ad
visement and it Is believed that a decision
will be reached very soon. \ •
There are no $5,000,000 of bonds, outside of
the Sheldon committee, that hope for relief
from the courts. Every asset of -the Union
Iron Works belongs to the United States Ship
building Company. The lease,, of which so
much has been said, calls for no rental, and
It expires by Its own terms within a week. .
All the claims about. work ceasing If the re
ceiver is appointed Is absurd. The Secretary
of the Navy - will let the work go on, and all
questions as to the stability of contracts will
be settled. The receiver has been-, recognized
in all other Jurisdictions and we have.no doubt
of results here. '.'¦;•> "¦..'¦
In an incredibly short time a dozen
lines of hose were playing upon, the burn
ing building from all sides and the ef
fects of the streams soon became, mani
fest. Within an hour the blaze -was un
der control, but it was not until. 9:25
o'clock that the last. engine left the scene
and every .ember had been extinguished.- '
From a spectacular point of view". the
fire at the start left nothings to be de
sired by the thousands of spectators. Fed
by the light .material from . which .the
product of the factory Is made andi 3,000,
000 fruit basket' stored in the building, the
flames shot skyward nearly 100 feet. The
powerful streams from the throbbing j en
gines turned to steam upon- coming-in
contact 1 with the flames, but- the tons of
water soon began to have effect. "' '¦ '/ f
The Weston Basket and Manufacturing
Company,- of which H. P. Martin Is^ pres
ident and,O. W. Crawford-geheral'man
ager, occupies the building . at» 660. to", 670
Bryant street as- a 'manufactory . of all
kinds of I fruit' and ¦ berry baskets. : The
firm ls.one of the largest of. Its kind on
the coast and as this. Is. the height ofithe
fsult season the factory had-been'run
ning full' blast.* More than three ' million
baskets were stored' In the building
reorganisation committee it would have > hailed
the receivership as * a < deliverance and looked
upon the appointment; of Senator Smith as ; a
godsend..* Every- Interest was- represented- at
the hearing; . before Judge Klrkpatrtck of New
ark, and every possible and relevant question
was raised there. Our ¦ adversaries know, that
every court- must give full faith to , the New
Jersey court's order, and yet they are accom
plishing part of their designs by dilatory pleas.
They really hope to prevent the receiver from
getting the assets In time and would - prevent
him from raising -money to pay interest, ' avoid
default, and' rehabilitate the company. ;
After they ' were defeated honorably at New
ark they gave notice -to all their local-.mana
gers to pay no attention to. Judge. Kirkpatrick's
order. ¦ They • thus ¦ forced ¦ us to go into each
Juritdlctlon to aekthe Federal courts to recog
nlie the receiver.* • ¦ ' - ,
The Sheldon reorganization committee repre
sents Schwab's bonds; also some of the first
mortgage bonds,* and the Interests of the two
are In \ direct opposition, to each other, j These
tacticians desire, to wipe out the first' mortgage
bonds in favor 'of Schwab's. The. reorganiza
tion committee, through the same attorneys
that represented the defendant company, bring
this fake suit, for If it were In good faith It
would make the second mortgage people a de
fendant. . • ¦-,' \ :.',-•
SPECTACUULR FIRE.
announced a flre at 660 Bryant
street. Two further calls and a' general
alarm told the gravity of the conflagra
tion and while fast runs to this spot of
danger were filling the streets with the
clangor of many bells two other fires
added to the excitement.
A fire on Brannan street, above Third,
and a blaze in a lodging-house at 29 Eddy
street increased the worries of the flre
department and the fears of the public.
Though the two last fires were not serious
the multiplicity of simultaneous calls
made the situation excltlne.
The first flre was* the only serious one,
and it consumed the buildings of the
Weston Basket and Manufacturing Com
pany, the losses reaching about $50,000.
The call was turned In at 5:50 p. m.
from box 1S6, by W. H. Fuller of the
Overland Freight and Transfer Company.
Upon the arrival of the department the
battalion chief saw that the limited num
ber of engines and men at his command
could not cope with the flames ' and ' a
second call was sent in. The building, a
two-story frame, on the north line of
Bryant street, between Fourth and Fifth,
became a veritable furnace and j the in
flammable material with which It was
stored, fanned by a fresh westerly bjreeze,
burned like" 86" much tinder. - _ ¦: .
Chief Sullivan was on the scene within
a few minutes of the second alarm, and,
acting upon his Instructions, a third call
was given. The three alarms brought to
the flre fourteen engine-companies,, four
trucks, two chemicals, one water tower
and two batteries. Even with this array,
of fire-fighting apparatus it looked for a
time as if it would be necessary \ to call
upon ail the reserve force to keep the
flames from creeping through the . block
bounded by Fourth, Fifth, Bryant and
Harrison streets and duplicating the ter
rible flre of 1SS5, which swept over the dis
trict and entailed several million dollars
of loss.
THREE fire calls— one a general
alarm— startled the city early last
night.
Just before 6 o'clock the bells
Mr. Pillsbury contended that Judge
nratty had no lurisdiction. as it was
phown the proceedings were brought to
secure the apoointment of an ancillary
receiver: He said th,e court lacked the
power to appoint a receiver, because such
jurisdiction and power are vested in the
United States Pistrict Court, and the rem
**dy of the complainants, if there is any.
Is procurable in that court. He pointed
out the fact that the appointment of
James Smith Jr. as receiver was based
upon a New Jersey statute providing for
the winding up of insolvent corporations,
which was suspended by the national
bankruptcy act applicable to manufac
turing concerns like the defendant, and
the United States District Court alone
had Jurisdiction to take charge of the
property of the defendant, or wind up
Mr. Pillsbury said that the company he
represented was the trustee under a mort
page executed by the United States Ship
building Company to secure the payment
cf its first mortgape bonds to the amount
of $16,000,000; also that he represented the
reorganization committee of the stock
and bond holders of the trust, composed
of George R. Sheldon, Charles S. Fair
child. John E. Borne t Max Pam and
Charles W. Wetmcre, and the North
American Company, who hold and con
trol a majority of the bonds to the
amount of . $!> .iCa.OOO, and in their behalf
objected to the appointment of a receiver.
HAS NO JURISDICTION.
One phase of the big shipbuilding trust
f.ght that beran befcre Judge Kirkpat-
Xick cf Xejtr Jersey some weeks ago was
ended before Judge Beatry in the United
States Circuit Court yesterday. Attorney
E. S. Pillsbury of San Francisco and
Henry Wollman of New York were the
principal" fieures In the ferensic contest.
Pillsbury opposed and Wollman advocated
the appointment of a receiver.
Mr. Pillsbury represented the Mercan
tile Trust Company of New York, and
he argued for two hours against the ap
pointment of a receiver for the Union
Iron Works. Mr. Wollman. who won the
contest for a receivership in the primary
case in New Jersey, argued vigorously
for the recognition of the receivership In
this jurisdiction. He held that Judjre
Kirkpatrick of New Jersey went into
evjery phase of the Question and heard
every Interest before he acted, and that
the present contest, eo far as his adver
saries are concerned, i* but part of a well
planned programme for delay.
Assurances That the Union Iron
"Works Will Continue Work
y * Even if Receiver
Controls.
Serious Questions Presented
by Attorneys Pillsbury
and Wollman.
Attorney Wollman grew fervent in his
statement that the plan . of the [ reorgani
zation committee was a dishonest one ( an4
he appealed to the court to appoint Senator
Smith receiver, in order. that an honest
plan ' may be developed and Innocent
stockholders be protected. He spoke very
fast and to the point, reiterating no point
that he had once made. ' He said:
If the Mercantile Trust Company, had not
been under the absolute domination of Schwab's
SAYS PLAN IS DISHONEST.
Judge LJndley followed Mr. Pillsbury
and argued the question of this court's
jurisdiction over the United States Ship
building Company and quoted many au
thorities to refute thoso submitted by Mr.
Pillsbury.
Attorney Henry Wollman defended Mr.
Scott, though Scott and he had not dis
cussed the matter of accepting the posi
tion of agent of the receiver.- Mr. Pills
bury reiterated that he did not think that
Scott would refuse the position, as he
would be well paid, since- the receiver is
always highly remunerated.
"But, says Mr. Scott, receivers are not
regarded with favor, in this community,"
added Mr. Pillsbury.
WOLLMAN DEFENDS SCOTT.
Mr. Scott might be tempted to accept the po
dtlon of agent by the offer of a big salary. I
am sure he would not object to such a remu
nerative position. ... -;; : j
Mr. Pillsbury expressed the belief that
Mr. Nixon was behind the complainants
in their attempts to have a receiver ap
pointed. He said no benefit would come to
the Union Iron "Works by thC appointment
of a receiver. • He pointed out that the at
torneys for the complainants. had not at
tempted to palliate it. He quoted extracts
from testimony given by Henry T. Scott
last week. He said:
. Now. Mr. Scott was asked If a receiver, was
appointed would he (Scott) not act as his
•gent and try to keep • the ship
yard going, and he- replied that, he
would. But Mr. Scott Is protesting against
the appointment of a receiver. He is the ex
ecutive officer of the Union Iron Works and
bis position Is delicate. But Mr. Scott It not
the Union Iron Works. »ie Is merely a di
rector. Mr. Scott would simply become an"
agent of this receiver and the receiver the rep.
resentative of the United States Shipbuilding
Company. . .
"Whatever order I make will be made
with the qualification y that it can be
opened at any time," interrupted Judge
Beatty.
Mr. Pillsbury continued as fellows with
out interruption:
If in your 'conscience you can see no good
can be accomplished by such appointment
your Honor must certainly deny it: Suppose
your / Honor made a qualified appointment.
You would do no pood to anybody, but would
Jeopardize the situation. Immediately the
United States Government would make Inquiry.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company would
ask what is the Eituation here? I would say,
the court has appointed a receiver . and it
will be necessary to put a receiver In the
works, which will cause delay In preparing
your «teamchiD« for service. Then the super
intendent of the company would say, "Xo
more ships of the Pacific Mall will go into
the Union Iron Works — we cannot take any
chances." In other words, your Honor, you
can prevent Injury to Innocent people If you
decline now to make -any appointment. We
are perfectly willing that you do It without
prejudice, with a right to renew it at any
time. If you do the condition will be this:
The Union Iron Works will be uncrammeled,
unaffected; but If you take a formal recog
nition of the complainant's petition you do
Injury, necessarily and Inevitably. Suppose
your Honor recognizes . the receiver here. The
of fleers of the United " States Government are
directed to take the receipts from the Union
Iron Work*. To whom will they pay the
money, to your Honor? Just as quick as this
application comes up there will be trouble. I
say it is the only safe course. . It Is an ex
ceptionally happy eituation for your Honor,
because there Is no obligation or trouble about
it. By failing to act you can do uo harm.
You hold the situation. You protect the In
nocent, you protect the Union Iron Works,
which Is not a party to these proceedings, and
you protect the rights, of all who have a
claim to the protection of this court.
NIXON BEHIND PROCEEDINGS.
Mr. Pillsbury argued that the appoint
ment of a receiver would be detrimental
to the interests of all concerned in the
property and affairs of the defendant, the
United States Shipbuilding Company, and
further because the property aff-cted is
under lease and because the appointment
of a receiver would be contrary to equity.
The Mercantile Trust Company's coun
sel wanted the court to deny the appli
cation without prejudice. "I desire, your
Honor, to hold this situation just as it
Is at present," said Mr. Pillsbury. "and
thus safeguard the rights of everybody."
Executive — W. J. Dutton. W. H. Crocker. E.
W. Horkins. L«-on Sloes, F. W. Van Slcklen;
finance — E. TV. Hopkins. Juda Xewman, E. K.
Wood; trade and commerce — R. P. Schwerln,
George \V. McXear, A. CheseDrouRh, Percy T.
Morgan. Horace Davis; memDfrshlp — II. Sher
wood, Bernard Faymonville. TV. H. Hammer.
Arthur Page. A. G. Towne; Information and
statistics — F. H. V^heelan. E. T. Kruse, Jam«"s
K. Lynch; floor— \V. S. Soulr. M. A. Newell.
.1. Magner: arbitration — J. A. Hooper, Henry
Fortmann. William Greer 11 Harrison. Joseph
Durney. James Kolph Jr.. Henry Rosenfeld. H.
L. E. Meyer; appeal?— Henry F. Alien, J. J.
Moore. J. C. Talbot. Charles D. Haven. Wil
liam Haas; urain— R. D. GIrvin. William
Baehr Jr.. II. C. Somer*. James Hogg. A. S.
Moseley: margin fund — Juda Newman, H.
Siruhelraer, J. M. rettigrew.
ts affairs, or to appoint a receiver con-
cerning the. same.
The attorney said that the appointment
of a receiver was unnecessary. He based
this statement on the fact that his client,
the Mercantile Trust Company, had filed
Its b!!l in the Circuit Court and com
menced a suit on Julj r 22. 1903, for the
foreclosure of a mortgage upon the prop
erly of the defendant, and procured a sub
pena and made service of the same on
the Union Iron "Works. He said this was
prior to the commencement of the pres
ent proceedings to have a receiver ap
pointed, and his clients are therefore en
titled to the appointment of such receiver
if such action is deemed necessary by the
court, as the claims of the Mercantile
Trust Company are superior to those of
complainants.
OPPOSED TO RECEIVER.
W. J. Dutton will be the chairman of
the executive committee of the Mer
chants* Exchange for the current year.
E. W. Hopkins heads the committee on
finances, J. A. Hooper the committee on
arbitration, Henry F. Allen the commit
tee on appeals, R. D. GIrvin the commit
tee on grain. R. P. Scnwerin the com
mittee on trade and commerce. H. Sher
wood the membership committee, F. H.
Wheelan the information and statistics
committee, W. A. Soule the floor commit
tee and Juda Newman the committee on
margin fund. These anouncements ' were
made at a meeting of the newly elected
board of directors that was held yester
day.
This fs a great year for the exchange.
Construction work on the bis: building on
California and LeldsdorfT streets will be
far advanced. The grain business will
have some changes in rules, especially ap
plicable to warehousing. More than the
ordinary interest has therefore attached
to the annual selection of the commit
tees, which, in their respective fields, do
a large amount of work for the entire
exchange. The new grain rules that have
already been published have not been
adopted, but have been recommended and
will undoubtedly go into force soon. The
entire membership of the standing com
mittees of the exchange for the year Is as
follows:
Some months ago the sugar-pine men
formed an association in this city, which
has since served as a \ medium for-, all
sales of pine lumber from their various
mills. Now the redwood men purpose to
go a step farther and organize themselves
Into a small sized trust. During the last
two years the price of California c.'ear
redwood at the mill has steadily ad
vanced from $18 to $30 a thousand, and
the main idea of the proposed tru«t Is
to maintain this price. The four firms
mentioned are the biggest factor in the
sale of California redwood 'and can eas
ily effect a combine that will "have no
dangerous competitor in this State if
thej^see fit to agree upon terms.
Their interests, with those of the Nel
son Company, He entirely within Hum
boldt and Mendoclno counties, the rich
est timber section of the State. Ham
mond has about 75,000 acres; Smith, wfio
is supposed to be . backed by the Santa
Fe Company, has 50,000 acres; Johnson.
40.000 acres; and Nelson, whose company
only recently purchased for $1,000,000 the
Korbel tract and consolidated It with Its
Riverside property. Is supposed- to con
trol about 25.000 acres. Nelson .was not
In the original plans for the 'consolidation
of interests, but was Invited to :Joln the
other big holders of timber land aftCi* he
had acquired possession of the- Korbel
tract and was In a position to annpy*
them should they carry out their
project.
Although Messrs. Johnson, Smith and
Hammond have been endeavoring to
keep their movements a secret, it was
learned yesterday that they have been
holding frequent meetings at the Palace
Hotel and the office of Hammond &
Smith of late and have been making
steady progress toward a permanent com
bine. Their plan is to establish an* ov
flee for the four companies in this city,
independent of the regular oOTces of- the
concerns, and through this office transact
all business pertaining to the sale of the
lumber product of their respective mills In
the north. - -
The owners of the big redwood timber
tracts In Northern California are plan
ning to pool their interests with a view of
securing control of th» market and regu
lating the prices to suit themselves.
Among the more prominent factors in
the move are C. R. Johnson of the Union
Lumber Company; Hyram C. Smith,
president of the Pacific Lumber # Com
pany; A. B. Hammond, president of the
Hammond Lumber Company, and Charles
Nelson of the Nelson Lumber Company.
Among them the companies, represented
and practically owned by the men men
tioned, control the output of California
redwood. tnelr annual cutting amounting
to about 70 per cent of the total number
of feet cut. in this State.
It was testified by Jacob Eppinger that
the firm was organized in DIxon, Solano
County, in 1868, and that the partners
were Jacob Eppinger, Herman Eppinger
and Bernhard Ettllnger. Otto Fox and
Schulze of Dixon had an interest in the
firm for a period. Here his memory
failed him and he could not tell when
Schulze went out of the concern. Jacob
Eppinger, so he testified, did most of the
buying of grain for the firm. It was de
veloped by the testimony that Jacob Ep
pinger engaged in some private specula
tions, but he said that these were intend
ed for the benefit of the firm.
When Attorney Friedenrich asked who
had charge of the financial part of the
business of Eppinger & Co. Attorney Ach
interposed and instructed the witness
that he could stand on his constitutional
rights and refuse to answer. ¦
Attorney Friedenrich grew sarcastic
and said that "all one has to do is to com
mit a crime and seal his lips against
the bankruptcy court. While the honest
man has to disclose his business, the dis
honest man may escape."
There was considerable argument. Ref
eree Green finally decided that as Jacob
Eppinger had been indicted in the State
court he need ¦ not answer who was the
financial head of Eppinger & Co.
Mr. Frledenrich asked Jacob Eppinger
whether he knew when the firm was
making or losing money in any particular
year. His answer was that he could tell
within $100,000 in any year by observation,
but he could not estimate any closer than
that. He never had given any order to
have the making up of a trial balance
omitted. He never gave any order con
cerning a balance sheet down to 1903. He
never prepared a statement of checks
drawn^for him and not entered up; nor
had he examined the books of Eppinger
& Co. to ascertain the total amount' of
such checks. He did not know how much
money he personally drew from 18D3 to
1903 nor how much he drew In May, 1903.
His losses had been $188,000 since 1897.
The testimony of the witness was of
the general hazy and Indefinite sort indi
cated py the foregoing. Attorney Henry
Ach was present and advised Jacob Ep
pinger not to answer certain questions on
the ground that the answers might tend
to incriminate him, Jacob being under In
dictment. "
Jacob -Eppinger . testified before Milton
Green, referee In bankruptcy, yesterday
that the. business of Eppingrer & Co. ran
into millions of dollars, but that no bal
ance sheet of the business had been made
since 18S3. "Whenever he needed funds for
his personal use he instructed his son.
Joe Eppinger, to draw checks. Joe did as
he^ was directed and sometimes Frank
Mitchell, the bookkeeper, might also have
been instructed to draw checks for Jacob
Eppinger'a use.
Other statements made by Jacob Ep
j>lnger were of more than common Inter
est to the . creditors j of Eppinger & Co..
who were represented by attorneys. For
instance. Jacob Epplnger testified that
Joe Eppinger had overdrawn his salary
to the amount of $1000 per month for a
considerable period and that between JCO,
000 and 170,000 had been charged up
against Joe Eppinger on this account.
Jacob also testified that he had lost about
$57,000 since September. 1902. He borrowed
$30,000 on his life Insurance policy of $50.
000 and gave hla wife $5000. He borrowed
$7000 from Rosen t eld & Co., $7000 from his
wife and $5000 from the "Wells, Fargo &
Co. Bank. The sums drawn by him on
personal checks amounted to more than
$170,000. He could not tell how much more
without seeing the books of Eppinger &
Co.
Judge Beatty Considers
the Shipbuilding
Situation.
All Leading Business Lines
* Are Represented in
Membership.
Ach Instructs Him Not to
Tell Who' Financial
Manager Was.
Hammond, Smith, Nelson and
Johnson Prime Factors .
in the Deal.
Testifies About His Firm
but Memory Proves
Quite Hazy.
Prominent Men Selected
for Work During
Current Term.
Owners of Big Redwood
Tracts Considering
Project.
COURT WILL
SOON UNITE
TRUST KNOT
EXCHANGE NAMES
ITS COMMITTEES
JACOB EPPINGER
IS A WITNESS
PLAN JOINING
OF INTERESTS
Plant of Weston Basket and Manufacturing Company
Out by Flames and Only Efficiency of Department Prevents
the Adjacent Establishments From Sharing a Similar Fate
THREE FIRES IN AN HOUR
KEEP THE ENGINES MOVING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1903.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BABY'S ECZEMA
Top of Head Covered with Scales
Which Peeled off Taking
'/•>-- Hair with. Them.
CURED BY CUTICURA
"My baby was about six weeks old
when the top of her head became cor-
ered with thtck scales, which would
peel and come off, taking the hair with
* It. It would soon form again and b>as
bad as before. I tried sereral tilings aad
..then went to the doctor. He said It was
Eczema, and prescribed an ointment,
which did not do any good. A friend
* spoke of Caticnra Soap, I tried It and
read on the wrapper about Cutlcura
Ointment as a remedy for Eczema. I
bought a box and washed her head in
warm water and Caticura Soap and
gently combed the scales off. They did
not come back and her hair grew out
. line and thick. She Is now a year and
a half old and has no trace of Eczema.
Tou hare my permission to publish my
letter."
Mrs.'C'W. Btjroks;
689 Iranistan Ave., Bridgeport, Conn.
- Feb. 21, 1898. <
firs. Barges Writes, Feb. 23, 1903.
••My baby, who had Eczema very
badly on her head, as I told you before,
after using the Cutlcura Remedies was
cured. I think it was aboat a year later
it made Its appearance again, but with
the same treatment It very quickly dis-
appeared. She Is now six years old
and has thick hair and a clean scalp."
SKIN TORTURED BABIES
— C '
And Tired nothers Find Rest and
Comfort In Cuticara.
Instant relief and refreshing sleep
for skin-tortured^bables and rest for
tired, worried mothers in warm baths
with Caticura Soap, and gently anoint-
ings with Caticura Ointment, purest of
emollient skin cures, to be followed In
severe cases by mild doses of Cuticura
Resolvent. This is the purest, sweet-
est, most speedy, permanent' and eco-
nomical treatment for torturing, dis-
figuring, itching, burning, bleedinsr,
scaly, crusted and pimply skin and scalp
humours, wi>h loss of hair, of infants/
and children, as well as adults, and Is
sure to succeed when all other remedies
and the best physicians fall.
•old throughout ti» world. Cuttenr* RMoIrcat. JOs.
(in form of Choeolmte Coated nil*. Me. par »<«1 of *>>,
Ointinrnt,*ie.. *o»p, Uo, Dtpoui Loodon. V Ch«rttr-
houM Sq. i P»H». i Hm d« K. P«i x i Bcwton.tr ColumSo*
At*. Potter Drag * Chem. Corp.. Sol* ProMMan.
- «»- Send fcr " Ti« Or«»t Uumocr Cart. 1 *
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE
The next season beclns August 4, 1900.
„ ROBERT G. KEXNA. a J.. Prwldent.
-dftMSiV German i Eye .Water, a ¦ barmJea*
remedy. 60c; by mall. <Ec. CAU-
JJS&SPJBf tion — Tne renulne bears »l«na-
ture of.G«o. Mayerle. also trai*.
" -• '»_ >n> * rk — «y« with. a crowa. oeo.
MATERLE. German. Expert Optician. 1071
Market. San Fraaclacot CaLPboa* *rat& 372.
' ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Women and Girls
BY THE CALIFORNIA FRUIT
CANNERS' ASSOCIATION FAC-
TORIES AT
Francisco and Taylor Streets,
Seventh and Berry Streets,
¦Sansome and Vallejo Streets.
••••••••••••••••••••a*
! auction!
q ANCIENT q
! PERSIAN !
1 RUGS j
• To-day, Aug. 4th •
0 Daily, 2:30 p. m. AH Week. A
O Prior to departure, my renowned col- 0
d lection of rare antiques will be sacrl- ft
A Seed at unreserved auction to realize X
Jf caeh. 2
V An opportunit) to bay real antiques 9
0 which cannct be found anywhere Q
0 nowadays. 0
1 MIHRAN'S |
• 205 Post St. •
SOHffllAN
Pure, Pals and Sparkling. Bottled
Only tX the Brewery in SL Louis.
SOLO EVERYWHERE. '
HIliBERT MERCANTILE CO.,
Pacific Coaet Agents.
CUTLERY