SUPPOSED POOR 3LVN
>£';s£leaves a bank account
Naval Engineer's Brother Who Died
at Mum, Island Had Accumulated
Ten Thousand Dollars.
VALLEJO, Dec. 28. — St. Clair
Fletcher, who died, it was supposed,
very poor here, is now found to have
had a bank account amounting to
¦$10,000. He was a brother of Chief
Engineer Montgomery Fletcher, U.S.
N.. of Washington, D. C, and had been
employed on Mare Island as a helper
for thirty years.
Fresno Grocer Accused of Arson.
>, FRESNO. Dec. 28.— M. T. Porter.
the grocer at whose place on the cor
ner of. I and Inyo streets a fire was
discovered shortly before noon last
Friday, xvas arrested this morning: on
a charge of burning injured property
with intent to defraud the insurer.
Continued on Piyjc 2, Column 3.
Result or Secretary Moody's Inquiry
Into Cause of Naval Maza
zine| Explosion.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 28— In ac
cordance with the recommendation of
the board of naval officers which went
to Ionia. N. Y.. to investigate the ex
plosion In the naval magazine there,
resulting: in the loss of several lives]
Secretary Moody has ordered a gen
eral court-martial to meet at the New
York navy-yard on January 5 for the
trial of Otto Fries, gunner in charge,
.and Sergeant Brooks, in charge of the
marine guard.
Fries is charged with having failed
to observe the necessary precautions,
as the reffulations in such cases pro
vide, and Brooks Is charged with hav
ing ran away and sought a place of.
safety, taking: his men with him.
GUNNER AXD SERGEANT
TO BE COURT-MARTIALED
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— Senator
Hale, chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, said to-day that it was
the Intention to make provision for an
other liberal additfon to the navy dur
ing the present session of Congress.
He said that when the additions al
ready authorized were completed the
United States would have a more
powerful navy than any other nation
except Great Britain.
Senator Ualc Plans for a Fijrhtlnjr
Power Second Only to That
of Great Britain.
WILL GIVE LIBERAL
SU3I TO THE NAVY
WASHINGTON. Dec. 28.— With the
view of enlisting the immediate A and
active interest of the United States
against the reported contemplated
massacre of Jews In Russia on Janu
ary 7. the Russian New Year, Simon
Wolf, a member of the executive
council of the B'nai B'rith and repre
senting the United Jews' societies, to
morrow will lay before the State De
partment an appeal in behalf of his
people, represented to him to be thus
threatened. Following his visit * to
the department Wolf will be received
by President Roosevelt, at which time
the whole subject of the status of the
Jews in Russia will be discussed.
Representative of B'nal B'rith Will
Make Strona: Appeal to the Gov
ernment for Aid.
WILL DISCUSS JEWISH
ISSUE WITH PRESIDENT
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 28.— In offi
cial circles here* the delay ir. presenting
Russia's^rejflbr Is not regarded as omi
nous. 'Oii'ffi'. contrary, the fact that
Russia, in accordance with Japan's re
quest, Is actually reviewing the matters
in dispute. Is' regarded as a favorable
sign. It is pointed out that, had Rus
sia replied immediately, unfavorable
dfductions might have been drawn, and
although Russia believes her proposals
were extremely' conciliatory, containing
all the concessions »she can make, this
does not exclude the possibility of find
ing alternative propositions In some
portion of the general scheme of set
tlement, which may more closely coin
cide with Japan's wishes. If careful
consideration discloses the 'possibility
of such' a course, it is said, there is
every reason to believe it will gladly be
embraced. '"v"
.-' The consensus of opinion of those as
sociated .with the Government is th.it
the Czar Is so peacefully disposed "that
he will make such concessions to Japan
as are necessary to prevent* war, pro
vided r.o unforeseen events force the
hands of the Governments concerned.
At. the same time the Czar, it is pointed
out, agrees with those who believe that
preparation for war is the best safe
guard for peace and that apparent wil
lingness to allow matters to be sub
mitted, to a test of arms Is more likely
to lead to a satisfactory compromise
than an exhibition of overmuch peace
fulness. This unofficial opinion, how
ever,, believes the controlling party in
Russia; regards Korea as necessary to
the consolidation of Russian interests
in the Far East, and, therefore, is de
termined to prevent the peninsula fall
ing Into Japanese hands, and that any
concessions Russia now makes to Ja
pan, will be only with the object of'de
ferring "the difficulty untila^more sea
sonabieHlme. ..
There is not .likely to be much diffi
cultingiiT finding money in case of war.
A foreign j loan on acceptable \ tftrms Is
probably Impossible, but the 'Russian
banks and. mercharits'have ample funds
on whlchUheydbvernment could draw.
ExtentHnjj Her Eastern Influence
While Japan Eiuraecs Russia.
ENGLAND'S CLEVER MOVE.
4
According to the Dally Chronicle, the
LONDON. Dec. 29.— Bennett Bur
lelgh In a cable message to the Daily
Telegraph from Tokio says:
"I confess my inability to see in Rus
sia's present attitude 'any other mean
ing than to precipitate a conflict. Rus
sia is not fully ready and cannot for
at least three months be able to main
tain her position If determinedly at
tacked. Time therefore is essential to
her, unless she utterly despises the
prow^-- of Japan. '
"It is true Count Lamsdorff long ago
openly declared that Russia consid
ered Manchurlan occupation to be a'
matter concerning o-nly herself and
China. Instead of temporizing, Russia
has employed plain language with Ja
pan.
"More than a fortnight ago Russia
again emphasized the same response
at Tokio. Yet Japanese statesmen ha,ve
since asked her to reconsider her re
fusal to exclude discussion on Manchu
ria and have pressed for a reply thereto
within 'a reasonably brief time. „
"War trembles. In the balance. If it
has not already tilted the scale, foT re
port affirms that Russia on Saturday
answered declining Japan's request.
DANGER OF BOXER RISINGS.
"Diplomacy, is terrified as to what
will occur in*China if there Is war be
tween Russia and Japan". is agreed
and Peking dlspatches # show that the
Chinese imperia' authorities are on the
alert and will attack Russia. Their
best generals are eager to engage' the
enemy In Manchuria; but the real key
to the seriousness of the situation is
in the question, 'Will there be further
terrible outbreaks against foreigners In
China?' or an equally dangerous prob
lem, 'What steps will Germany and
France take if disturbances break out?'
Probably some j understanding exists.
Great Britain and America. should be
prepared also to see that if Japan wage
successful war she be hot prevented
reaping the fruits of victory."
The Daily Telegraph editorially adds:
"Mr. Burleigh has had experience in
war and rumors of war beyond- any
other member of his profession. He is
no alarmist, Jbut an acute observer of
events. "When* therefore, he states that
war trembles in the balance and that
responsibility for tilting the scale rests
with St. Petersburg we are In a posi
tion to Judge the gravity, of the crisis."
BIDS HIGH; FOR WARSHIPS.
An Admiralty order issued at Ports
mouth requires' the "officers and meh'of
the British Naval Reserve.to notify.the
authorities of their, addresses here, so
that . telegrams can ; be sent in case of
emergency, should they be required -for
active, service. ,. The order is generally
connected with.' the rumors that 'the
flee^ in the Far East is to.be strength-
The Daily Mail's Peking correspond
ent sends an unconfirmed report that in
the event of a war China will Join
forces with Japan and that Japan will
send an army corps to Peking.
The -irtandard's Brussels correspond
ent says that the United States and
Belgian interests in the Hankow and
Canton Railroad have signed an agree
ment by which the - Interests will be
separated and the railway divided Into
two sections, the Belgians to control
the northern section and the Americans
the southern section. .The board of
directors will be composed of Belgians
and Americans In equal proportion.
Baron Hayashi, the Japanese Minis
ter, paid a long . visit to the Foreign
Office to-day. When seen afterward he
said ho had no further information.
ORDER TO BRITISH RESERVES.
Other papers, print a report that the
Japanese Ministerial Council has decid
ed to transfer $25,000,000 from the edu
cational fund for emergency purposes.
The Daily Telegraph's Tokio corres
pondent says that after the meeting of
the Ministerial Council the Emperor
entertain^ the councilors at luncheon.
The Cabinet then held a sitting, which
was prolonged until late at night. The
correspondent says that the Finance
Minister on Sunday entertained the
leading bankers at dinner, for the pur-,
pose of discussing with them the best
means of meeting the emergency. Con
tinuing, the correspondent says: '
-"The Japanese ofllclals already have
taken over -control of the Seoul-Fusan
Railway. The president of the railway
has been dismissed and been replaced
by the Japanese chief of the railway
board. The Japanese fleet . has been
organized and disposed in divisions and
squadrons, prepared to check any Rus
sian movement from Vladivostok or
Port Arthur." '^ZS/-
CHINO-JAPANESE ALLIANCE.
Japanese Government outbid the Rus
sian Government and actually , pur
chased the warsip:; Moreno and Riva
davla, both *of which are now nearing
completion at Genoa.
ened. concerning which, however, the
authorities profess Ignorance.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. -Copyright, 1903. by the New ,York ' Herald Publishinjr
Company. * •
British Admiralty Orders Officers and Men of Naval
Reserve to Send in Their Addresses Pending
Telegraphic Summons to Service,
FAMOUS MILITARY AUTHORITY OF RUSSIA; HEAD OF BRTTISH NAVY. WHO HAS SENT A-SIGNIFI
CANT ORDER TO THE RESERVES, AND SCEXES IN THE MIKADO'S LAND. V/HERE FOR MONTHS
EXTENSIVE PREPARATIONS FOR WAR HAVE BEEN* GOING FORWARD.
It is evident that Jarecki was at
tacked without warning while he was
writing a letter, which was found un
finished <m his desk. A lung stroke of
the pen in an uncompleted word seems
to show where he fell backward when
the rirst blow was Struck. He -was
found shortly "after 2. o'clock by Dr.
Leonard Wood, an assistant, who en
tered the office. lie was unconscious
and the condition of his wounds indi
cated that the assault had taken place
a halt hour previous. His skull was
badly fractured.
The pockets of Dr. Jarecki's clothes
had been turned inside out and his val
uables taken. Indicating that robbery
was the motive of the crime. This was
done so carefully, however, that the
police believe there was another rea
son and that by rifling the pockets the
assailant hoped to throw them off the
track.
Jarecki is a young married man with
one child ar.d, so far as known, he had
r.o bad habits. It is believed that he
was slugged either by an insane man
or by a political enemy. There were
dozens of clerks In the adjacent otttces
in the courthouse and many persons
in the corridors, but none heard any
sound of a quarrel or a scuffle. The
assailant bolted the door on the in
faide and left the office by climbing out
of a window which is slightly below
the level of the street. The police have
not the slightest clew to work upon.
Jarecki was taken to St. Joseph's
Hospital. He will die before morning.
DENVER, Deo. 23.— Dr. Seymour T.
Jarecki. the. county physician, was at
tacked in his office in the courthouse
by an unknown person, between 12 and
2 o'clock this afternoon, and received
injuries which will clause his death
within a few hours. Three bjows were
delivered by his assailant, who used
for 3. weapon a rock tied in a handker
chief, both of which were found in the
office.
Sp«clal Dispatch to The. Call.
Mysterious Crime in
|||e Courthouse ~
'*' at Denver.
MURDERER
DEALS BLOW
WITH ROCK
•United States Minister Powell has
been requested to call a meeting of
the diplomatic- and consular corps for
the purpose of taking measures to pro
tect foreign lives and property.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2S.-The State
Department to-day received the follow
ing dispatch from Minister Powell re
garding the progress of the revolutions
in Santo Domingo:
"Another revolution at Arua and at
i'arhonc, with another provisional
government there. This makes two rev
olutions and a couple of governments,
one on the north and center and the
other ia the south."
Should the insurgents succeed in ef
fecting an entrance to the city, it Is
"xpected. the members of the provi
sional government and their immediate
supporters will withdraw to the fort.
This action, no doubt, will cause fight
ing in the streets, Jeopardizing the lives
of the foreigners.
The Fituation here Is extremely criti
cal. The provisional President. General
Morales. is absent from the city and
the provisional Minister of Foreign Af
fairs has resigned, as a consequence
of ivhich the Council of Ministers is
incomplete.
The German warships left here yes
terday fA-r Kingston, Jamaica. The
United State* irunbcat Newport Is the
only *ar vessel hrr«,i «nd owing to
her small crew she cannot restore or
der if a serious outbreak oerur.
SAN DOMINGO, Republic of Santo
£>omingo, Dec. 2S.— It is reported that
General Gelletier has formed a pro
visional government at Azua de Cora
posteJIa, presided over by himself, and
that the inhabitants of Barhona have
joined In the movement and the two
forces are jointly marching on this city.
Consequently there are now two pro
visional governments in the republic,
the other one being headed by Morales.
In addition there is the revolutionary
force of Jiminez. which is opposing
Morales, while the recently deposed
President. Wos y Gil. is returning to
institute another revolution.
£p*cl*I Dispatch to Th<? Call
Lives and Froperty of the Foreign
Residents of Capital City
Are Imperiled.
Morales, (Metier, Jiminez
and Wos y Gil Strive
for Presidency.
Santo Domingo Rent
by the Contending
Revolutionists,
FOUR WAR
PARTIES IN
REPUBLIC
RUSSIA'S ANSWER TO JAPAN'S FINAL NOTE IS A REFUSAL;
BOTH NATIONS CONTRACT FOR WAR SUPPLIES IN AMERICA
Mrs. Hendricks* Son Kidnaped.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2S. — Mrs.
Charles Hendricks. wife of the physi
cian who figured with Laura Bigger,
the actress, in the contest of the will
of Henri' Bennett, reported to the po
lice to-day that her 6-year-old son
had been kidnaped from ia front of
her home in Brooklyn.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M.. Dec. 28.
The body -of- Moody ¦'- Merrill, the de
faulting Boston banker, who lived for
years In Silver City. N. M., under the
name of Charles F. Grayson, passed
through here to-day en route to Bos
ton, . whither it is being taken for
burial. ¦
Merrill to Bo Buried In Boston.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Dec. 23.— In
view of the reqent epidemic of burg
laries Judge Bole to-day gave a severs
sentence to William Page. r.n Ameri
can, who was caught in the act of
housebreaking. The sentence was ten
years', imprisonment and sixty lashes,
and an additional two years for at
temptlnc-to.break jail.
Housebreaker Is- Sentenced to TwelTe
Years* Imprisonment and Must
Suffer Sixty Lashes.
AMERICAN BURGLAR FARES
SEVERELY IN VANCOUVER
NAPLES, Dec. 28. — The people of
this city and its environs have been
in the habit of exploding fireworks and
bombs during the Christmas season.
This year, however, the police authori
ties forbade the use of dynamite.
The people of the village of Resina
eluded the vigilance of the authorities
and while the^ people were preparing
the bombs the" 'dynamite exploded. The
result was. that twelve persons were
killed and many injured.
Dynamite Causes Death of Twelve Per
sons Durinsr the Preparation of
r* *,**• a- Bomb.
CHRISTMAS EXPLOSIVE
KILLS MANY PEOPLE
DAWSON, Dec. 23. — The Yukon
Council, the chief legislative body of
the Yukon, has again adjourned until
January 4 without transacting any
business, owing to the absence of a
quorum through the refusal of Coun
cilors Clark and Thompson to attend.
It is regarded as a legislative hold-up,
it being hoped to force the hand of
Governor Congdon to permit new
business to come up -which was not
stated in the ca41s for the respective
meetings. :\ v '
" • The Governor has so far remained
firm and as business this time of the
year Is not particularly Important he
Fays that no business Interests will
suffer. . IV99
Congdon Refuses the Demands of the
Councilmen and There la An
* other Adjournment.
GOVERNOR OF YUKON
DECLINES TO CONCEDE
ST. JOHNS,- Newfoundland. Dec.
28. — The contest in St. Pierre and
Miquelon for a Representative in the
French Chamber of Deputies resulted
to-day in the re-election of Legasse
by small majority over Fremont, who
it is understood Is in favor of the an
nexation'of the colony to the United
States. As Legasse. represented the
fishing interests, the small majority
by which he has been re-elected . is
looked upon as #h evidence of the*ex
tent of the popular dissatisfaction
with existing conditions.
Several riots took place last week at
St. Pierre and Miqutlon as a result of
the destitution caused by the compar
ative failure of the French fisheries
on the Grand Banks during the sea
son.
Candidate Favoring Annexation to the
United States Beaten by Only
a Few Votes.
RESULT OF ELECTION' IX
ST. .IMERKK AND MIQUELOX
Olney has been gradually showing
renewed "interest In politics since the
decline of Bryanism. and his presence
at the Tammany dinner in New York
on next Monday is taken here as an
indication, of future activity in Demo
cratic affairs.' It is reported hf re that
he. has the support of his old chief,
Grover Cleveland.
BOSTON, Dec. 28.— Hon. Richard
Oliiey is a candidate for the Democratic
Presidential nomination. He has con
sented to allow his friends to "boom"
his name, for they Jell him that he
never will have a better opportunity to
gain the nomination and that the
chances of a New England candidate
being elected were never better. Olney
declines to be Interviewed. To all in
quiries made by reporters lie replied:
"I have nothing to say." But he has
told the Democratic leaders of this
State to go ahead and launch his boom.
To Hon. John S. Williams, minority
leader of the House, Olney has con
fided his ambitions and he has gained
that Congressman's support, with the
assurances that a large part of the
South will be for him In the convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Consents to Try for
the Democratic
Nomination.
MR. OLNEY
WILLING TO
BE BOOMED
"Holders of the preferred stock of the
Chicago and Alton Railway Company
are informed by Kuhn. Loeb & Co. thit
a large amount of, that stock has been
deposited with them, subject to an
agreement authorizing the sale thereof
on or before September «,1 next, vn
such terms or such price as may be ap
proved by a preferred stockholders'
meeting, consisting of John A. Stew
art. Edward H. Harriman and John J.
Mitchell. Holders of preferred stock
who desire to participate in any salo
which may be made under this agree
ment are requested to deposit their
certificates at once with the bank?-*,
who reserve the right to terminate tho
privilege" at any time. Depositors will
receive transferable receipts, entitling
them to a pro rata share of the net
proceeds of any sale, and, in case n<»
sale is made before September 30, t^>
the return of their stock without tx
pense."
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— E. H. Harrf*
man- has planned to extend the Union
Pacific into Chicago. The scheme to
repeat the effort to check the Morcan-
Hill combination, after the failure to
checkmate that group in the Northern
Pacific contest and the resultant panic
of May 9. 1901. Is the first attempt of
the Harriman party to oppose aggres
sively the Northern Securities group
of railroads. *
Harriman's plan is to vest absolute
control of the Chicago and Alton Rail
road in the Union Pacific. That is the
line -which now affosds the Union Pa
cific a connection between Kansas
City, one of its Eastern termini, and
Chicago; and which virtually 13 Us
principal link between Chicago and the
Pacific Coast. The only other connec
tion which the Union Pacific has east
from the Missouri River is by traffic
agreement from Omaha to Chicago
over railroads which it controls neither
absolutely nor indirectly.
The first step toward the absorption
by the Union Pacific of the Chicaeo and
Alton was discovered to-day in an of
ficial request for deposits of Alton pre
ferred stock, that a sale of it might
be made. One of the parties to the
deal, who requested that his name be
withheld, confirmed the statement that
the sale of the Chicago and Alton wad
contemplated, but refused to say that
the line would be sold to the Unio'n
Pacific, the logical purchaser. The of
ficial call for stock follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
First Move in Aggressive Opposition
to the Northern Securities
Group of Financiers.
Company Will Acquire Ab
solute Control ol
tne Alton,
Union Pacif icRailway
to Be Extended to
Chicago.
HARRIMAN
PLANS BIG
PURCHASE
Alcazar — "Blue Jeass."
California— "Are Ton a Mason?"
Central — "The Dairy rarm."
Fischer's— "I. O. TJ."
Grand — "The Minister's Son."
Orphenm — Vaudeville.
The^ Chutes — Vaudeville.
Tivoll Opera-Bouse— "Zzion."
Columbia— "The Olrl With the
Green Eyes."
TBS THXATESS.
rorec&rt made at Saa Pran
cisco for thirty hours ending
mlOuirht, December 29, 1903:
San Prascisco and Vicinity—
Cloudy Tuesday, becoming
threatening at night; light
north winds, chaaffinr to fresh
southeasterly.
A. O. McADXS,
District Forecaster.
THE WEATEEE.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER. 20, 1903.
VOLUME- XCV— NO. 29.
The San Francisco CallST. PAUL. Dec. 28.— Within the past
eight business days Minneapolis mills
have booked almost 100,000 barrels of
Hour for export to Japan. For some
time Japan has been a heavy buyer of
American flour. The millers are reticent
about discussing the Japanese busi
ness, but admit that the orders are
still coming. One large company alone
is known to have booked close to 50.000
barrels within a day or t.wo. The
Japanese Government has bjught no
flour direct. > .
1 V .
Heavy Orders Are Placed With Mills
I in Minneapolis.
JAPAN BUYING FLOUR.
Crew Abandons Sinking Bark
LONDON. Dec. 28. — The Norwegian
bark Alphdnse arrived at Falmouth
to-day from La Guana with the cap
tain and thirteen men. comprising the
crew of the British bark Glen Grant
from Apalachicola. November 11. for
Granton. The G!en Grant was aban
doned In a sinking condition Novem
ber 30. >
NEW YORK, Dec. 28. — The follow
ing Californians are here: From San
Francisco — F. S. Burrows, at the Vic
toria; W. D. Creighton, at the Astor
House; A. L. Duncan, at the Herald
Square; T. Magee, at the Manhattan;
E. J. Mayers und wife, at th^ftUt;
Denis; E- K. Mayers and wife, MBBi?
Grand Hotel; \V. S. Miner, F. G. flBBI .
at the Hotel Navarre; F. E. Roduipn,
at the Hotel York; F. B. Sadley, at the
Herald Square.
From Los Angeles — L. Amati. at the
I. r n ion Square; A. Gamble and wife, at
the Victoria; Miss E. S. Ratcliffe. at
the St. Denis; F. W. Smith. G. C. Tru
mento, at the Union Square.
Californians in New York.
TRENTON, N. J.. Dec. 23. — Vice
Chancellor Gray to-day granted an or
der, returnable in Camden January 11.
for cause to be shown why a receiver
should not be appointed for the New
England Consolidated Ice Company.
The application was made by Anna
Harbed. who charges fraudulent mis
management of the company's af
fairs. Tho company ha3 an authorized
capital of $14,000,000 and has ab
sorbed among others the Providence
Ice Company, the Commonwealth Hy
gienic Ice Company of Boston, the
Taunton Ice Company of Taunton,
Mass., and the Brocton Ice Company
of Brocton. Mass.
It Is believed that unless Russia mod
ifies her reply Japan will immediately
safeguard Korea, though such a step
will not necessarily mean war with
Russia.
TOKIO. Dec. 2S.— An extraordinary
meeting of the Privy Council to-day
approved the issue by the Cabinet of
an emergency ordinance authorizing'
the guarantee of the principal and in
terest of an issue of ten million yen
debentures for the purpose L«f expedit
ing the work on the Seoul-JTusan Rail
road, which Is expected to he finished
by the end of next year.
The ordinance also provides for all
possible military expenses for the pro
tection of. the railway and other In
terests.
Japan to Hurry Work on Korean Ruil
• ; way and Defend Its Interests.
PROVIDES SINEWS OF WAR.
Calumpit is a well-built city situ
ated on a fertile plain at the junction
of the Quingua and Pampanga rivers,
in the province of Bulucan, island of
Luzon. It is twenty-seven miles north
west pf Manila and fifteen miles from
Bulucan, the provincial capital. Its
population at the time of the last cen
sus was 15.712.
Woman Makes Allegations Against
Xcw England Concern. Charging
WANTS A RECEIVER
FOR AS ICE COMPANY
MANILA, Dee. 28. — A fire in the
pueblo of Calumpit yesterday de
stroyed 250 houses. Several lives were
lost and one thousand persons ren
dered homeless. The loss is about
$75,000^ with no insurance.
One Thousand People Are Rendered
Homeless and Severn 1 JJves Are
Lost in Cohflnsration.
DESTRUCTIVE FIRE \.
SWEEPS CALUMPIT
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 28. — Japan
will insist on her demands that the
integrity of China be preserved and
that Korea must remain an independ
ent kingdom and will refuse to com
promise with Russia on the basis of
Russian supremacy in Manchuria and
Japanese control in Korea, according
to Hajime Ota, Japanese commission
er to the St. Louis exposition, who ar
rived to-day from the Orient. He
says that such is the Japanese position
and that Japan feels that she has the
moral support of all the other nations
of the earth. He says that the Japan
ese Government can be depended on
to maintain its conservative attitude,
despite the pdpular clamor for war,
until- hostilities are forced.
Hajime Ota is accompanied by a
secretary, an interpreter, Jubei Ando,
chairman of the Bazaar Association
for the St. Louis exposition, and C.
Yazaki, one of the best known artists
# in Japan.
Commissioner to St. Louis Exposition
Talks, About War Prospect*.
y CONSERVATISM IN JAPAN.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Dec. 23.— It
is believed that, despite the extreme
precautions and watchfulness of the
Pere Marquette Railroad -flfllcials and
county- officers, many act* of vandalism
were committed at the wreck n^ar East
Paris Saturday night, in which twenty
one lives were lost, arid that ghouls
despoiled the bodies of the dead.
Coroner Hilliker stated to-day that
nothing of any Value whatever was
found by him when he searched the
dead and that he is satisfied that
ghouls robbed the remains either while
they were in the wreck or were being
carried into baggage cars to be brought
to this city.
Relatives of L. J. Baldwin dec'are
that he had between $o0 and $S0 in his
possession when he left this city with
his wife and son Saturday afternoon,
yet not so much as a nickel was found
in his clothing.
It is believed by relatives of Bert
Myers of Lake Odessa that his body
was robbed of $100 and a watch and
chain.
Sums of money ranging fr«>m $10 up
to $50 are missing from bodies of vic
tims who arc known- to have been car
rying money.
. Sheriff Chapman is authority for the
statement that a gang of men was
fought off the relief train when it left
Grand Rapids, but the Sheriff believes
these men managed to get back on the
train unnoticed.
NEW YORK. Dec. 28.— Lewis Nixon
to-day obtained from Judge Levenwritt
in the Supreme Court an order vacat
ing a prior order for his examination
before trial in a suit brought by John
C. Calhoun against the Trust Company
of the Republic. George C. Calhoun,
Lewis Nixon. James F. Livingston and
other defendants, to recover about
$$00,000 claimed by Calhoun for selling
in England a quantity of bonds of tlv?
United States Shipbuilding Company.
Calhoun alleged that he was engaged
by the defendants to negotiate the sale
of the bonds in England and he suc
ceeded in disposing of about three mil
lion dollars' worth of bonds. His com
pensation at the rate of Z per cent
would have amounted, if he had been
allowed to sell all, to about $S00,00O,
the sum claimed by him. He asserts
he was debarred from securing his
commission. He asked for Nixon's ex
amination before trial in ordur to frame
his complaint.
Justice Levenwritt said he considered
Calhoun had facts enough in his pos
session to frame his complaint. Notice
was served to-day from counsel for
Charles M. Schwab and the New York
Security and Trust Company on the
solicitors for the United States Ship
building Company and Receivpr Smith
that oral testimony would be» taken in
the action brought by the trust com
pany and Charles M. Schwab against
the shipbuilding company and the re
ceiver before John A. ShielJ-i. stand
ing examiner of the United States Cir
cuit Court, on Wednesday. It is said
that practically all the evidence
brought out at the recent hearing be
fore Examiner Oliphant will be again
adduced and that the details of the
purchase and sale of the Bethlehem
steel plant by Schwab and many other
questions connected with tho promotion
of the shipbuilding company an<1
Schwab's relation thereto will be most
fully inquired into.
Sheriff Believes Vandals Are
Men Who Boarded the Re
lief Train at Grand Rapids
Judge Holds That Facts in
Shipbuilding Case Arc Snf
iicient to Warrant Suit
IS SUED FOR §800,000
ROME. Dec. 28.— Following vhe re
ceipt of reports from the Far East,
a rather optimistic view concerning
the difficulties between Japan and Rus
sia is entertained in official quarters
bere. It is not. believed that a conflict
will take place in the near future, not
only for climatic reasons, but because
Russia is unprepared for war.
It is believed that Uussia will first
consolidate her warships in the. Far
East with the volunteer fleet In the
Mediterranean, which latter now num
bers nine vessels. The vessels of the
Mediterranean fleet have been pur
posely kept apart, so that io id»a
might be given of • the character or
stiength. of the squadron.
In political circles the opinion pre 7
-vails that the attitude of the United
States Government will have a defi
nite influence in solving the problem
whether Italy side with Japan and
Great Britain or remain neutral.
May Shape Her Policy From Attitude
of the United States.
ITALY WATCHING AMERICA.
MANY JEWELS MISSING
sued an order in accordance with this
request,, but it is understood the men
are concealing their arms, supposedly
With the Tartar general's connivance.
Victim? of the P,ere Marquettc
Railroad Disaster Divested
by Thieves of Valuables
Court Vacates Order Compelling
Him to Testify for Bene
fit of Plaintiff Calhoun
GHOULS WORK
AMONG DEAD
NIXON SCORES
STRONG POINT
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Pilet.
Your druggist will refund money If Pazo
Ointment fails tn.curefou in 0 to 14 days. 50e*
• . ¦ ¦ ¦'•¦.--'¦'¦;*
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
nf^^^A Mas V- Dec " 2 * "The funeral
of Mrs. Ruth Ann Hoar, wife . of tJnlted
States Senator Hoar, was held frpm the
Church of the Unity to-day. Dr. Edward
Everett Hale of Boston ; conducted the j. r- e
vice.;- The body will be taktn to Concord N.
H.; for ourlal.- „¦
NAPA, Dec. 28. — W. D. Omara. who with
John Wilson, robbed* the Southern • Pacific
warehouse at Napa Junction recently, was
sentenced to-day by Judge Gesford to serve
eleven years In San Quentln. Omara escaped
from. the county Jail, but was recaptured and
tried, bfing convicted of burglary in the first
<5t?rec.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— United
States Commissioner Taylor, by agree
ment of . counsel, has continued to
January 6 the hearing In the case of
John A. Benson of San Francisco, re
cently •arrested*, here in connection
with the investigation of land frauds.
BensoiTs Hearing Goes Over.
CHICAGO. Dec. 28.— Mrs. Olive
Thorp. 23 years of nge. wife of Clem
Q. Thorp, Western, agent of a New
York insurance company, shot and
killed herself to-day in a Michigan
boarding-house. She was in poor
health.
Woman Shoots Herself.
California" calendars and diaries. Good
for' New Year's. Sanborn. Vail & Co. •
GMUNDEN, Austria. Dec. 2 S.— The
condition of King Christian of Den
mark is officially said to give no cause
for anxiety. The King has been
obliged to postpone for several days
his departure for home in oonsequence
of a chill/ King Christian, who is 85
years of age. has been attending the
silver wedding festivities of the Duke
and Duchess of Cumberland at Gmun
den. '
Kinj» Christian Is Safe.
Promotion for Commander Delano.
WASHINGTON, Dec- 28. — Com
mander Francis H. Delano of the
Nashville, • who rendered conspicuous
services at Colon a*, the time, of the
recent revolution In Panama, has been
promoted to the rank of captain.. Ow
ing to physical disabilities, ; which
have now been removed, -the promo
tion of Captain Delano has been de
ferred until now.
Headaches From Colds.
Laxative Bromo Quinine removes the cause. To
get the genuine, call lor the full name. 2Dc. ?
CRESTED BUTTE, Colo.. Dec. 28.—
Charles Ostraut, an eccentric char
acter, aged 55. years, and Joseph Beit
ler, a boy aged 10, living here, were
burned to death in a cabin near An
thracite. The cabin was the regular
habitation of Ostraut. who cut timber
for a coal mine. The litle fellow, in
company with his brother George,
aged 14. were visiting Ostraut. The
cabin caUght fire from some unknown
cause.' only the older boy being able to
escape. ' He cannot given any explana
tion, as he v.as so excited. The bodies
of. the two victims were almost entire
ly consumed. :
Old Man and Boy Perish.
Bryan arrived here to-day from Ber
lin and visited the Foreign Minister.
Mr. Bryan is enjoying his tour. He
said he found Count Tolstoi looking
well, ,though very aged. TolstoiVfirst
question was:
"Are you a Socialist?"
When assured to the contrary the
Count said: . . ,
"I am very glad to hear it. I am
not a Socialist myself."
Famous Author Is Delighted to Know
% i/i; Thnt the Ncbraskan Is Not
a Socialist.
THE HAGUE, Dec. 28.— William J.
TOLSTOI IS PLEASED
ABOUT BRYAN'S VIEWS
Kentucky Man Visits the Home of
the Parents of His Spous.; and
Commits Murder.
' SARGENT, Ky., Dec. 28.— On Big
Cowan Creek William Shepherd shot
and killed Riley Webb, aged 28,iand
latally wounded his wife, Mary Shep
herd, and her 10 months old baby,
which the woman was carrying. The
6ho6ting took place at the home of Ihe
woman's parents. Shepherd was ar-*
rested and may be lynched.
Ml'RDERKlfS BULLETS
WOUND WIFE ANT*! BABY
I£raft went to a place in the tender
loin, of which Tobin was manager, and
displayed a roll of bills. He was in
duced to remain until after the place
had closed for the night and was then
robbed and murdered. His slayer cut
the head from the body and tried to
burn it in a furnace. The smell or
burning fle3h led to the discovery of
the crime.
ALBANY. N. Y., Dec. 28. — Thomas
Tobin. who killed Captain Kraft in a
tenderloin resort in New York City
about a year ugo. has been declared
insane by a commission appointed by
Governor Odell. The commission re
ported that Tobin is insane now and
was insane at the time of the murder.
The Governor probably will commute
the sentence of death' passed on Tobin.
SLAYER OF CAPTAIN
KRAFT XOW IXSAXE
Commission Chosen Declares That
Man's Mind Is DeranscU and Sen
tence May be Commuted.
HUFFALO, N. Y.. Dec. 28.— Seven
thousand sheep were burned to death
at the East Buffalo . stockyards to
r.ight. Th* 1 long sheds in which th*»y
¦were confined were" swept by the
f.atnps before any of the animals
could be released." ' The sheep de-
Ftroyed were "exports" , and were, in
charge of Federal officers.
Sheep Perish in Flames.
ROME, Dec. 28. — After a long dis
cussion with experts, principally with
the famous composer, Abfce \Perosi,
director of the Sistine choir; the Pope
has issued of his own accord a note
on the subject of sacred music in the
churches. In this note, which ap
pears to-night in the Osservatore Ro-
( mano, his Holiness formulates rules
for church music which recall the
churches to a strict observance of the
instructions issued by former Pontiffs.
The Pope condemns the transforma
tion of liturgid music Into composi
tions, for use at 1 concerts.
The Pontiff is strongly in favor of
the Gregorian chant and has ordered
the Abbe Perosi to Compose a Gre
gorian mass for the centenary of St.
Gregory the Great next Easter.
Ills Holiness Is Fond of the Gregorian
Chant and Hus Ordered a New
Mass Written.
POPE HAS IDEAS ABOUT %$^
PROPER , CHURCH'' MUSIC
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Dee. 28. — Super
intendent Poi-kins of tho Burlington
road received a letter on Saturday.
moiled at Wepton, Mo., a station on
thM road, eighty-two miles north or
litre, saying that unless he deposited
.5^000 in a spot designated Sunday
jiignt the writer, "Odell Carter," would
kill him on sight. Perkins placed the
l^ttr-r in the hands of the postofliee
authorities.
Wants Money or a Life.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28. — The con
dition of Secretary Hay remains un
changed. Contrary to the expectation
of his physician, the S.ecretary's bron
chial trouble has not yielded readily
to treatment, and Hay will probably
leave early in January for Thomas
ville. Ga., for a visit toColonel Oliver
Payne. The mild climate; has helped
the Secretarv before, andlltsis hoped
may again prove an effeofl|e cure. Un
less a decided and uiiexflPted change
for the beter occurs. within the next
few days Mr. Loomls will officiate at
the breakfast on New Year's day to
the diplomatic corps at the residence
of the Secretary and Mrs. Hay. Loo
mis will also be present at the Presi
dent's reception .in the same capacity.
Bronchial Affection Is Still -Trouble
some, and a Trip to Milder C1I
matc Is Suseested.
SECRETARY HAYS
CONDITION' UNCHANGED
CHICAGO. Dec. 28.— With pneumonia
establishing a new death record in Chi
cago and the County Hospital so crowd
ed that patients are sleeping on mat
tresses on the floor and less serious
cases being turned away, a serious prob
lem confronts the. Chicago health au
thorities.
The many varieties of weather from
which the city has suffered during the
last week are blamed not only for the
many pneumonia deaths, but for the
crowding of the hospitals in another
way. Within the last few days an un
usual number of persons injured by
falls on icy sidewalks have been taken
to the county institution, and though a
new emergency ward has been opened
all cai.not be cared fqr properly.
Last week's alarming increase in
deaths from nneumonia is made the
subject of the latest health bulletin.
During the seven days ending Saturday
pneumonia claimed 139 victims in Chi
cago, or 27 per cent of the total mor
tality.
PARIS, Dec. 2S.— In the Chamber of
Deputies to-day during the debase on
the amendments to the budget propos
als adopted in the Senate, Premier
Combes raised the question of confi
dence in the Government and obtained
a majority of 100. The point at issue
was the appropriation for the* special
service magistrates, which was sup
pressed by the Chamber and restored
by the Senate.
Several Deputies insisted that the Sen
ate in restoring the appropriation had
acted unconstitutionally, as it had not
the authority under the constitution to
propose financial expenditures.
Premier Combea cut short the debate
by declaring that he would not discuss
the constitutional question involved. He
said that the appropriation was essen
tial and that if it were not voted he
would tender his resignation.
The Chamber then restored several of
the appropriations suppressed by the
Senate, and consequently the budget
will go to the Senate again.
Delegates of the Ministerial groups in
the Chamber of Deputies held a meet
ing to-day and considered the candi
dates to succeed M. Bourgeois, who on
account of ill health has declined a re
election as President of the Chamber.
Paul Doumer, president of the Budget
Committee, and Dtienne Brisson are
prominent candidates. M. Jaures will
riot again' be a candidate for the Vice
Presidency of the Chariiber.
Chicago Suffering From an
Epidemic anil Hospitals Ajre
Crowded Beyond Capacity
Premier Combes Demands Pas
sage, of Appropriations on
Threat of His Resignation
CITY STRICKEN
BY PNEUMONIA
BUDGET GOES
BACK TO SENATE
The Russian, commander has im
peratively requested the Tartir gen
oral to disband his militiamen and to
disarm them. The Tartar general. is-
PEKING. Dec. 28.— Lien Fang, First
Secretary of the. Board of Foreign Af
fairs, visited Russian Minister Lessar
to*day and requested information con
cerning the intentions of the Russian
Government regarding the evacuation
of Manchuria.
Minister Lessar, in reply, said that
nothing could be done at present with
a view to evacuation for two reasons.
In the first place, the Minister point
ed out, the cold weather made It im
possible to -remove the troops from
the4r present position, besides which
there were no barrack accommodations
to be had elsewhere; and in the sec
ond .place, he said, it would endanger
Russian interests to undertake evacua
tion during the progress of the nego
tiations between Russia and Japan,
for the reason that Japan might seize
the opportunity to invade Manchuria.
The Chinese Government is so alarm
ed at the prospects of becoming in
volved in the seemingly prospective
war that it would prefer that Russia
remain in ] control of Manchuria. As
an alternative the Foreign Office has
indicated to the Ministers that a set
tlement- satisfactory to China would
be »he to the effect that Russia and
Japan should retain their respective
treaty rights in 'Korea and Manchuria
if they agree not to attempt to obtain
further advantages in either country.
Lessar Announces That Manchuria
' Will Xot be Evacuated.
RUSSIA'S REPLY -TO CHINA.
"I raid. 'Thin 111 kiil you.' She raid.
'All right, that suits me.' I picked up
the c:un and pointed it at her head. She
eaid. 'Are you going to kill me now.
•Frank?' I said. "Yes.' and she ttynoct
over with her back toward me and I
shot her in the head. She lived an hour
and a half. She said, 'Well, Frank. I
guess you have done it now.' She
asked me to put a wet towel on her
head and rub her head. Then she
asked me to kips her, and I did. Then
the wanted me to bring the baity over
where she could kiss it. I put the
baby over there 911 her arm and she
Tcissrd him. "Leave him in my arms,'
Fhe asked me. and although the baby's
<iothcs were getting bloody, I left him
there.
"When she was dead I went around
to different saloons and spent the time
in that' way until I gave myself .up
yesterday. I went back several times
to feed the baby, but did not take him
away, because ho had so much blood
on his clothes and I knew that would !>e
a dead give-away, and I wasn't ready
to give myself up."
A hearing was begun to-day before
a Coroner's Jury and was continued
until to-morrow. Hose was asked
•what he. expected the verdict would be.
"Oh. murder in the first degree, of
course," be said.
PUTS BLAME ITOX VICTIM.
"She disgraced herself and difrgrac^I
the boy. I thought this was the on!y
thing to do."
"Do you expect to swing for it?"
"Certainly. I know the consequence
of murder. I thought that all over
before I killed tier."
"Did you at any time Intend to com
mit Fuicide?"
"No. I thought I would leave my
killing to the men who are paid forit."
"We came to Salt Lake in Novem
ber," ho continued, "and I soon f-jund
Fhe was too friendly with other men.
I talked with her. but it didn't do any
pood. Thrn I decided to kill her. I
bought a 22-caliber revolver for that
purpopp. We had both been up late the
right before Christmas. About 4 o'clock
Christmas afternoon Bhe suggested that
¦we retire, as sh? was tired, and we JU1
6o. The baby was in bed with hor. I
told my wife I was going to leave her.
" If you do." she said. 'I'll follow you
wherever you go and have you arrested
for deserting me'
WATCHES nilVTH AGONY.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Dec 2S.-Frank
Rose, who shot his wife in the pres
ence of their 2-year-old son and then
coolly watched her life ebb away, for
merly lived in San Francisco. He said
to-niglit that he had spent two months
thert- early in the current year.
'I went to San Francisco about the
first of February," he said this even
ing. "Most of the time I worked at
Sausalito for a contractor by the name
of Stone. I was working with a steam
shovel gang on the North Shore Rail
road. For a while I worked in a bar
ber shop on Pacific street in San Fran
cisco—1 forget the name of the pro
prietor. He broke up in business about
ihe time I left him. I worked there
until the lattrr part of April, doing
odd jobs— whatever 1 could find to do —
aiid living in roornins-hoiises. From
San Francisco I went to Deeth. Nov.,
and worked there until I came to Salt
Lake City."
In a thoroughly nonchalant manner
Hose gave tho Coroner's jury to-day
the detailed story of his crime. He
made no attempt t.o conceal or palliate
any feature of it. In an interview aft
erward he Faid he cared absolutely
nothing for the consequences.
~Do you have any regrets?" he- was
asked.
"Xot at all." was the reply. -I
planned this for w*»cks— over since we
came to Salt Lake."
"Why did you do it?"
Special Difpatch to The Call
Governor Wells, in an Interview, ap
proved President Cannon's attitude and
said that if such a course as outlined
would break the strike it would be a
desirable end.
A special to the Tribune from Win
ter Quarters, Utah, says that the
timely arrival of soldiers prevented
serious trouble between striking min
ers and ji number of company guards,
who were evfeting families from com
pany houses. The unmarried strikers
submitted quietly to eviction, but
when the company guards attempted
to force the married men to leave
their homes they were attacked and
routed by 150 Finns, who had been
watching the evictions. The arrival
of the soldiers quelled the disturbance.
Twenty of the company g-uards were
budly beaten. The evictions will con
tinue until the end of the year.
"The Mormon church has openly de-,
dared war on organized labor in Utah,
especially tht? United Mine Workers of
America, having, called upon members
to take the places of Carbon County
coal strikers. The State administra
tion, militia, courts and peace officers
have been turned ever to the Utah Fuel
Company at the behest of the Mormon
church. United States Senator-elect
ReeJ Smoot, one of the twelve men who
control the Mormon church, owing al
legiance to this hierarchy that has at
tacked us. would be a. dangerous and
powerful enemy to organized labor in
the Senate. In self-defense union labor
should do all in its power t<r prevent
the seating of Smoot as a rebuke to
the Mormon church for its uncalled for
interference in this industrial dispute."
KELLIHER AND WELLS TALK.
Kelliher paid to-night: "This official
action of the Mormon church against
the coal strikers -is the final blow. We
have endured things that the people of
other States would scarcely believe. In
Carbon County justice has been blind
folded and led around by the Utah Fuel
Company; strikers and organizers have
been arrested on trumped-up charges
and railroaded to jail or out of the
country: witnesses have been terrorized
and abused; even the Governor of the
State has declared against us."
National Organizer Kelliher, who has
been directing the fight in the coal
Holds of I'tah for the United Mine
Workers, to-night sent the following
telegram to President Mitchell of his
organization and to Samuel Gompers.
president vt the American' Federation
of Labor:
This address has created a sensation
in union labor circles and «tcps are
being taken to retaliate with an at
tempt to array organized labor
throughout the country against Sen
ator Smoot. To-night, following a
lengthy conference of labor leaders, the
machinery was set in motion for an
organized fight against Smoct by union
labor throughout the United States. A
call was issued for the assembling of
the Utah State Federation o£ Labor in
special meeting and special sessions of
every labor union in the Stacr? will be
called to pass resolutions "ot protest
against the utterances of thi Mormon
leader and probably against the seating
of Senator Smoot.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Dec. 28— From
the pulpit of the Mormon Tabernacle
has come an official declaration of war
against the United Mine Workers of
America and an appeal . for recruits
frum the Mormon membership to fill
the places of the striking coal miners
of Carbon County. This action has re
ceived the indorsement of Governor
Wells., who is a son of the church. .
For several weeks the operators have
had the active support of <h» Mormons
in attempting to nil the places of the
strikers at Winter Quarters. Clear
Creek. Sunnyside- and Castle Gate, but
openly the leaders of the Latter Day
Saints have not heretofore taken sides
in the controversy. All Uoubt of their
attitude has been set at rest i:y Angus
M. Cannon, who, speaking in the great
Tabernacle, asked that every tffort be
put forth by the faith to fill the mines
of the Utah Fuel Company. He said
the company . wanted 400 coal- minors
and announced the wages offered and
the conditions of employment. Presi
dent Cannon called upon the bishops
and other officers of the church to make
the call known jit their ward arid dis
trict meetings and to do all in their
power to keep the mines open".
LABOR WILL RETALIATE.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Reed Smoot of Seat in Senate
Will Retaliate by '"Exerting. All
of Its Influence to Deprive
After Shooting" His Victim He
Calmly Looks On While She
Slowly Passes to Her Death
LABOR ACCEPTS THE GAGE
DETAILS OF THE TRAGEDY
; KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 28.- 7 The
i Russian Government has just placed
: an order with Armour & Co. for 1,500.
| 000 pounds of messmeat. The order
calls for the delivery of the .meat at
I San Francisco by January 22. The
; meat, it is said, is for the use of the
! Russian army and its destination Is
| said to be Port Arthur.
j It appears that the order was re-
I ceived in this city last week and al
j ready a third of the quantity of meat
| has* been started west. The order came
; through a San Francisco firm. The
• management of the packing-house here
' was unable or unwilling to say whether
j future orders from the same source
i were expected, nor could rt state the
I exact destination of the shipments. The
: order was for mess beef, or that class
! of meat capable of being kept for a long
| period. * .
! Getz Bros. & Co. of this city have
: received a contract from the Russian
: Government to supply 3,000,000 pounds
of beef. The beef is to be packed for
j army and navy use. According to the
; statements* made yesterday by a rep
i resentative of Getz Bros., the contract
'¦ with the Russian o6vernment was
San Francisco to Be Supply Depot for
Far Eastern Forces.
RUSSIA'S BIG BEEF ORDER.
One reason why the British alarmist
news fails to convince the Russians is
the perfect understanding here of the
benefits Great Britain derives from the
strained situation. It was known here
a year ago that Great # Britain was
planning to occupy Thibet and extend
the railroad to a point in the Yangtse
Valley which is reachable by gunboats
from the sea. Great Britain's forward
movement at this time excites both ad
miration and rage, the former for the
clever political move, the latter because
Russia is so much occupied in the Far
East that she is unable to prevent
Great Britain creating her own Man
churia in the Yangt o provinces. It 13
pointed out here that the present situa
tion affords Great Britain the same op
portunity as actual war between Rus
sia and any third power.
Frank Rose, the Salt Lake
Wife JInrdercr, Is Boastful
in the Shadow of the Gallows
The fact that the contract was given
to a San Francisco firm is indicative
of the favorable position of San Fran
cisco as a shipping point in the esti
mation of the Russians. , In the event
of war vast quantities of supplies will
pass out through the Golden Gate.
placed within the last three weeks. No
one business house has 3,000.000 pounds
of beef on hand.: As a consequence
orders from Getz Bros, have been placed
with Armour and Cudahy and other
packing. concerns in the Middle West.
Supplies are being assembled from va
rious Western points.
"President Calm on Urges Mor
mons to Take the Places of
Strikers iu the Utah Mines
READY TO HANG
FOR HIS CRIME
CHURCH MAKES
WAR ON UNIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', I TUESDAY. DECEMBER 29, 1903.
RUSSIA'S REPLY TO THE JAPANESE |
GOVERNMENT'S FINAL NOTE REFUSES
TO ACCEPT THE TERMS PROPOSED
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
NAPA." D«c.' 28. — James Earena appeared
before Justice Partner early this morning with
a badly battererl head and swore out a war
rant charging G. de Innocentls with assault
with a deadly weapon. It is alleged that
when Barena went to work at the Sawyer
tannery this morning Dp Innocentls beat him
on the head with a bottle. De Innocentls was
arrested und released on a bond.
PARIS, Dec. 28. — Authority to ex
tend the inquiry into the Fair will
case having been received. Commis
sioner Eisler of New York continued
to-day his examination of Dr. Che
tau. who testified that Charles Fair's
head was crushed by the fall in the
automobile accident in August, 1902.
Fair Case Inquiry Extended.
TOPEKA, Kans., Dec. 28.— J. T.
Stuart of Houston, Tex., has been ap
pointed assistant- freight auditor pt the
Santa. Fe. This is a new position. The
appointment takes effect January 1.
Siintn Fe Creates a Position.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
3. It does not , cause
fermentation such as usually,
results from ordinary food
when the stomach is weak.
4. Its action is mild and
even, insuring the greatest
nourishment with the least
effort.
5. Its quality is always
' uniform. .
6. It feeds and strengthens
. the bones, blood, nerves and
tissues.
7. It is one of the greatest
flesh producers known- to
medical science. (
8. It is palatable and
agreeable* to the taste and
easily taken. |jgg||
We'll tend you a uaple free npon request
*COTT & BOWWE, v 409 Pearl Street, N. Y.
¦/•¦• . . - ' *
why Scott's Emulsion js an
ideal food-medicine.
1. It is partly pre-digestqd
and therefore passes quickly
2. It imposes no tax upon
the stomach or other digest-
ive organs. £*%
EIGHT REASONS
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
I - / 10 Cents a Copy— $1.00 a~ Year— At Any Price the Best j]
I TT^OR good short stories, fearless I
1 .•¦ t articles on national questions, I
I novels by noted writers, and I
I beautiful pictures, McCLURE'S is I
I . the_« best of all magazines — and I
I 'the cheapest. • I
I The JANUARY McCLURE'S has /
I Ida M. Tarbell's Great Story of "Can the SOUTH solve the .••'* The
I ROCKEFEXt.ER NEGRO PROBLEM?" / Qd Noven>b^ r
i which " is one of the most startling revela- A most important discus- o* be/numberT'of
I tions that has come to the American people sion of this great question, o° 1903— the first two
|| for a long while." * by Carl ScKurs of Volume 23 — will
1 " FJED SAUNDERS." His three who « f ° r over io^ '*$£££?. fe "'I* £
[q • - ..-¦•-•.;. . -.-¦•. . „. _^_ . years, has studied cr »cnp*«>n «>* 1904 — *4
I strange pets and the fresh bulldog. The fun- ' '¦ ¦ cu a months for f^po. Mail jour
I niest stpry Henry Wallace Phillips u xts 9 dollar to s. s. Mcdure Co., 144
I has written. Pictures by A. B. Frost. / Phases. y East a 5 th Street. New York, N. Y.
1 vp . Charming Short Stories — -Cover by / *«»'
ft Jessie Willcox Smith — 4 Great Articles. /aaatZ*- The First English Lutheran Sunday
school, 5 Geary street, near Octavla, wfll
give its annual Christmas tree enter
tainment to-morrow evening at 7:45
o'clock. A pleasing programme has
been" arranged and all the friends of
the Sunday-school are invited. ,
Lutheran Celebration.
Charles S. Warner, 510 Mission
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest
of George B. Sweger on a charge of
ottering and passing a fictitious check.
Sweger. got $10 from Warner on De
cember 19 and handed Warner a
check for that amount on the Crocker-
Woolworth Bank signed "A. D. Wil
son." No such person had an account
at the bank. •
rasses Worthless Check.
In the absence of horses both a plow
and a mower were used tied behind his
automobile by Mr. Raser, an Ohio
farmrr. The machine was geared too
fast to give the best results.
The Teachers' Club is extending a
charming hospitality to visiting teach
ers In'^he clubrooms in the City Hall,
room 3D6, where day and night -'the
latchstring hangs without. The follow
ing preside: Mrs. E. M. North, Miss M.
Minghan, A. L. Mann and Mrs. K. L.
Speddinp.
The Pacific Coast Women's Press As
sociation met yesterday at Century
Hall, and a programme that bore ; thfe
breath of Christmastide was presented:
The following numbers were splendidly
rendered: Song, "A Christmas Mprn,"
dedicated to the P. C. W. P. A., words
by Mrs. Rose L. Bushncll Donnelly,
music by Charles Alberts, Mrs. C. E.
Bower, soloist: short story, M,rs. J. J.
Owen; song, Miss Millie Flynri. Mrs.
PJnney, the president, received .the
guests af the completion of the pro
gramme, and 'a delightful hour was
spent over the tea cups.
A wedding is on the cards for Thurs
day night that will come as a pleasant
surprise to the younger members of the
smart set, when DK A. D. . Prentice
will take unto himself a bride. Miss
Florence Long, an Eastern girl of much
beauty and social prominence. And
therein lies a tale of a wedding hast
ened by the stern demands of duty.
Dr. Prentice has for three years been
practicing in the Philippines, where he
has achieved a splendid reputation. Re
turning to this city on a visit to his
mother, Mrs. H. C. Botsford, he jour
neyed to New York to spend some time
in the Gotham hospitals, and it was
during this sojourn that the young
physician lost his heart.
A few days ago peremptory orders
arrived from Manila summoning him
back to his post. There was much use
made of the wires that stretch away to
Gotham, and the result is that the wed
ding day was named and the fair bride
is now speeding on her way to this city.
It is expected that Miss Long will ar
rive this evening, when she will be
greeted by the family of the groom.
The wedding will necessarily be a
very quiet affair and will be witnessed
only by members of the family. It is
sincerely to be regretted that so little
time will elapse between the coming
and going of the fair bride, as it is cer
tain that many courtesies would have
been extended to her. , \
Speculation over his probable suc
cessor in the purchasing and supply
department of the road centers around
Richard .Stevenson, who has been
Manger Schwerin's assistant for a
number of years and was connected
with the department when the* latter
assumed charge of it.
The employes of the Southern Pa
cific Company are looking forward to
the announcement in a few days of
the retirement of R. P. Schwerln from
j the position of manager of. the pur-
I chasing and supply department of
i that corporation. With his new duties
j as general manager of the Portland
i and Asiatic Steamship Company,
j which were imposed on him two
weeks ago by E. H. Harriman/and his
responsibilities as vice president and
general manager of the Pacific Mail
j Steamship Company, Mr. Schwerin is
•said to have concluded to sever con
! nections with the railroad corpora
tion. • » .
• As a matter of fact, the office of
manager of the purchasing and sup
ply department of the Southern Pa
cific is no longer the inviting position
of several years ago, for it has been
made subordinate to the place recent
ly created in Chicago for Harriman's
friend, W. S. V. Thorne, who has been
given the title of director of purchases
of the Harriman lines. . Through the
latter's office all purchases of material
for the Harriman lines are to be made
hereafter, when the work of standard
izing the different roads is completed.
Mr. Schwerin does not take kirfdly to
the proposition of dividing responsi
bilities with some one else and It is
said that this fact has had some in
fluence in his determination to give
up • his present position with the
Southern Pacific Company.
Manager of Southern Pacific Purchas
ing Department Preparing to-Re
linquish the Position.
The departure of the Eleventh Cav
alry from Manila for the United States
depends entirely on the arrival there
Of the Second Cavalry, which . goes
out to relieve the first named regi
ment. A portion of the Second Cav
alry sailed for the Philippines on the
transport Kilpatrick from New York
on the 20th inst.. and the remainder
will go on the Thomas, leaving this
port on January 1. When they ar^
rive at Manila, the Eleventh will sail
for home. •
/The- Twenty-seventh Infantry, now
stationed in ; the Philippines, is sched
uled to leave Manila on January 15
for the United States.
General MacArthur had. a busy day
yesterday. He has been away from
his post for a month and a large pile
of work had accumulated for his in
spection and supervision. His,atten
tion was largely occupied with look
ing into the new division and depart
ment commands, which will go into
effect January 15, 1904. The Pacific
division will then embrace the De
partment 0$ California and the De
partment-of. the Columbia, with head
quarters at San Francisco.
The Department of California in
cludes the States of California and
Nevada ana the Hawaiian Islands and
their dependencies. The Department
of the Columbia includes the States
of Washington, Oregon and Idaho
(except that part included in the Yel
lowstone National Park) and the Ter
ritory of Alaska; .headquarters at
Vancouver Barracks, Wash. In other
words, .the Pacific division embraces
the entire territory known. as the Pa
cific Coast possessions of the United
States, with the Hawaiian Islands
added.
General MacArthur is appointed to
command the Pacific division and will
temporarily be in command of the
department of California. Brigadier
General Funston will remain in com
mand of the? Department -of -.the Co
lumbia until the new order goes into
effect. - ¦ .. ' • v
General MacArthur Spends Day Ex
amining Xeiv Pacific Division
and Department Commands.
EASTERN GIRL
COMES WEST TO
WED PHYSICIAN
j The erection of the bridge will take
place simultaneously from both sides of
the river, the weight being carried by
steel cables until the two halves of the
central span 'abut and are connected.
The structure, the total • weigbx of
which* will "'be 1600 tons- of steel, is near
ly finished in England now, and will be
shipped about December. As soon ws
the railway . construction 1 eaches the
falls construction will commence, and
this is exDected to be about May 1 of
next year. During its erection a cable
way will be arranged for the purpose of
passing across matetial required for
the bridge, and alsb for conveying rail
way, material needed for the line north
of the river.— Engineering.
In reference to the steel girder bridge 1
which is to span the Zambesi below tha
Victoria Falls, the following facts are
attributed to George C. Imbault of the
Cleveland Bridge and Engineering Com
pany of Darlington, the firm that has
the contract: The final length of the
bridge will be 650 feet, and this result
coincides closely with, the length meas
ured two years ago. There will be three I
spans— two short ones of unequal J
length and the big central- or main span
of 500 feet. The southern span will be f
87& feet and the northern one 62\i feet.
A rough measurement, it is worth not
ing, was calculated, from tail level to
water level, and this was found to be
420 feet. This may be called low water
level, as the river is about at its lowest
in August, and high water level will be
abput forty feet higher, or 380 feet. This
measurement will make the bridge the
highest In the world, the nearest to- it
being the Viaduct du Viaur, in France,
which is juet finished and is 375 feet
above the bottom of the valley it
crosses. The width of the bridge will
be thirty feet, sufficient for a double
line of rails.
and the Highest In
the World.
Will Be 420 Feet Above Water Level
AMERICANS TO CONSTRUCT
VICTORIA FALLS BRIDGE
Itl CHARD STEVENSON" MAY
SOOX SUCCEED SCHWERIX
TAKES UP THE DUTIES
OF HIS POST OXCE MORE
WASHINGTON. Dec. 28.— Although
Secretary Hay has not yet replied to
the note of General Reyes, preparations
are going on rapidly for the closing of
the Colombian legation here and the
departure of Colombia's representatives
for home. It is clear that they do not
SOOX TO CLOSE LEGATION'.
The American investment in religious
and educational Institutions in Turkey
is $6,500,000. ani more than $20,000 V ,000
have been spent in mission work, cov
ering nearly a century.
LONDON, Dec. 28.— David Belasco's
Japanese play, "The Darling of the
Gods," which was produced at His.
Majesty's Theater to-night by Beer
bohm Tree before a distinguished audi
ence that filled every part of the house,
promises to be the greatest success yet
achieved In London theatricals. The
David Bclasco's Production
May Prove Greatest Success
in English Theatricals
For these reasons it is good to con
rider occasionally the immense and
solid gains made by preventive and
curative skill in places and under con
ditions permitting exact measurement
of vital differences. Now and then
changes advised and directed by the
advance science of the times result
immediately in such t cutting down of
mortality rates that there is absolute
ly no room for questioning the import
ance of the progress made in the bat
tle, for life and health. — Cleveland
Leader.
Hence it* is easy to overlook the
great gains made in the unending war
fare against ills of the body and
r.gainst the arch foe which slays in
the end. Intelligent men and women
often r~v that medicine is the science
which lags heavily behind the rest in
the progress of the age. They accuse
the physicians of groping more or less
Mindly and helplessly for means of
restoring health to the Bick and suf
fering, and at last yielding to death
.•ilinost as impotently as their prede
rr-ssors generations before. Some
times it is even claimed . that under
the ministrations of modern doctors
the physical stamina of mankind is
diminishing.
.Since death is inevitable and the
love of life is ajl but universal, it fol
lows that the progress of the medical
profession must always be unsatisfac
tory to human desire. What the aver
age man or woman really wants of
doctors is immunity from sickness for
ninety or one hundred years, and the
power to keep death at bay until old
nge makes life tiresome, if it ever
works <hat way. • • •
Winning tlte I'ight for Life.
JAPANESE PLAY
• WINS LONDON
Heavy Penalty Imposed Upon Union
Men Who Violated an Injunction.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28. — Vice Chan
cellor Pitney denied an appeal for
mercy in Jersey City to-day for the
strikers of the Frank & Dugan silk
mills in Paterson, including two men
and six girls, who were found guilty
of contempt of court by him in the
summer or 1901. The contempt lay In
the disregard of the court's injunction
forbidding the strikers from interfering
with the employes of Frank & Dugan,
or to "make ijt uncomfortable" for
those who desired to work.
The case was carried to the Court of
Appeals and the United States Su
preme Court, which held that it had
no jurisdiction. An appeal was then
made unsuccessfully to the Court of
Pardons.
The defendants also were ordered by
the Chancery Court to pay costs
amounting to $540. The court re
iterated with 'emphasis that it is illegal
to make it "uncomfortable" for any
body who wishes to work.
"That is the law of the land," said
the court. "It has always been the
law of the land and It always will be."
STRIKERS DENIED AX APPEAL.
Miss Lena Ashwell as Yo San further
added' to her histrionic laurels and
made her portrayal the success of the
evening. At the final curtain there
were loud calls for a speech, but when
Tree tried to respond there was such a
tumult in the gallery, which now. op
peses all speeches at London theaters,
that he could not get a hearing beyond
saying that he wished to convey the
news of the success of "The Darling of
the Gods" to the author across the At
lantic, to whom he was entirely in
debted.
play closely follows the version pre
sented In New* York, except that the
magnificent scenery and the general ac
cessories surpass the American produc
tion.
tri touted dainty refreshments were
served^ Then followed games, recita
lions. fancy dancing, etc.. until it was
iime to hid the host and hostess good
bye. Dr. and Mrs. Petrie were assist
ed hi receiving by Miss Maude Byrne.
The children of the Doctors' Kin
dcrgarten. 4112 California street.
Richmond district, were entertained
last Tuesday at the home of Dr. and
Mr:;. Prank Branson Petrie, South
California street. Seventy-five little
buys and girls responded to the invi
tations. . The Christmas tree was
beautifully decorated and brilliantly
lighted. Each little girl received a
doll, a b^g of candy, a bonbon and a
horn, while each boy received a whip.
a i-.iir of reins, a horn and a bag of
candy. After the presents were dis-
Children Kntertaincd.
The gunboat and her fleet little wards
will call at San Diego, Pichillnoue and
Acapulco to replenish the small boats'
coal supply. Other stops may be made,
but if the weather permits the Ben
nington will supply the destroyers with
such coal as they need after leaving
Acapulco In order to save the high
price that would have to be paid at
Corinto and other Central American
ports.
The United States cruiser New York,
Captain Hunker commanding, in. first
class trim for any duty occasion may
require her to perform, sailed yester
day for Panama, where she will be
used by Rear Admiral Henry Glass as
his flagship. The final preparations for.
sea kept all hands busy ..during the
early morning and forenoon and steam
cutters and pulling boats loaded with
stores kept up for several hours an
animated procession between the Clay
street boat landing and 'the cruiser.
By noon, however, the last of the stores
were on board, boats were hoisted and
secured, the anchor hove short and the
cruiser was ready for sea. She got un
der way a little later and at 2 o'clock
passed out through the Golden Gate.
The gunboat Bennington came down
from the navy yard early yesterday
morning and is anchored off Folsom
street, awaiting the arrival from the
East of some belated officers who have
been ordered to join her for the voyage
to the isthmus. It is expected that
she will be able to get away to-day.
The Bennington will convoy the tor
pedo-boat destroyers Preble- and Paul
Jones, which are now at Mare Island
ready to start.
Passes Through the Golden Gate En
Route to" the Isthmus..
CRUISER XEW YORK SAILS.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 28. — The
auxiliary cruise,r Dixie sailed from the
League Island navy yard to-da>\ en
route to Colon, carrying 600 marines
and five months' living and fighting
supplies for 1000 men. Six. companies
of marines, divided into two battal
ions, sailed on the Dixie. Company A
is composed of men from Boston;
Company B, Washington; Company C,
Annapolis; Company D, Philadelphia,
and Companies E and F, Brooklyn.
Dixie Sails With Marines.
Passenger Traffic Manager E. O. Mc-
Cormick of the Southern Pacific Com
pany yesterday announced that the
colonist rate over the lines of the com
pany from points west of Chicago and
New Orleans would become effective
on March 1. continuing until the end
of April. It will be resumed again on
September 13 and continue until Oc
tober 15. Mr. McCorniick looks for
vard to a large influx of travelers dur
ing ihe c wning year in California and
he said yesterday that he was con
vinced by The information gathered by
the representatives of the company in
;!io i: i:t that the colonist rate will be
productive of better results to the
St;i;e next year than this, although
ii<* remarked that the showing made In
ihe year just 'closing was beyond the
expectations of the company.
Colonist Rate Announced.
The officers were in no way molested
or annoyed by the crowd, "which fol
lowed them closely all the ' time.
Neither by words nor looks did the
populace display any hostility. The
Colombian battery fired a rear admi
ral's salute as Admiral Coghlan drew
off for the Olympia.
At 3 o'clock in the afternoon Gov
ernor Insignares, accompanied by a
numerous retinue, boarded the Olym
pia for the return visit and remained
for fifteen minutes. When the Gov
ernor and his retinue were disem-
NO DISPLAY OF HOSTILITY.
Governor Tnsignares; surrounded by
•x large number of secretaries and aids,
received Admiral Coghlan' in the large
salon of the palace, to which the popu
lace was admitted. The latter, however,
were srparated from the dignitaries by
a railing.
Admiral Coghlan and Governor In-
Eirnarcs exchanged the regulation for
malities, the crowd listening attentive
ly. The Governor said he would re
turn the visit immediately, whereupon
Admiral Coghlan and party returned
to the Olympia.
Admiral Coghlan then arranged to
pay an official visit to Dr. Jose Insig
nares, the Governor of Bolivar, which
he did in the afternoon, accompanied
by Captain H. G. Colby. Both officers
were in full dress uniform. A big crowd
gathered at the docks to meet Admiral
Coghlan and Captain Colby, and it si
lently followed the carriage containing
the •bfflcera. through the streets to the
pai&ce, where another big crowd as
sembled. * ;¦ . *
AdmiraJ Coghlan then sent a bpat
ashore to communicate with United
States Consul Orr, but it was learned
that Orr had left Cartagena about a
fortnight ago for Barranquilla. The
British Vice Consul at Cartagena, who
Is very sick and is not expected to live,
had undertaken to look after the
United States' interests pending the
arrival of Orr's successor.
The Olympia passed the Colombian
warships and proceeded to Cartagena,
which is eight miles from the entrance.
Anchoring about a mile from the town,
the Olympia hoisted the Colombian flag
at her main and fired a salute of twen
ty-one guns. Shortly thereafter the Co
lombian battery at the edge of the town
returned the salute.
j COLON, Dec. 28.— Admiral Coghlan's
flagship, the cruiser Olympia, arrived
. here this afternoon from Cartagena,
! bringing A. M. Beaupre, Minister to
1 Colombia, and Mrs. Beaupre. Mr. and
, Mrs. Beaupre arrived at Cartagena from
i Bogota last Saturday, and boarded the
I Olympia on her arrival yesterday aft-
I ernoon. The Olympia immediately sailed
• for Colon. Minister Beaupre will sail
j for New York on the steamer Yucatan
: to-morrow.
The reception of the Olympia at Car
1 tagena was friendly. As the Olympia
j ran in toward the entrance «to Carta
j gena harbor she descried the Colom
• liian < ruiser Cartagena, four miles dis
; tant. making every effort to reach the
entrance and to pass into the lagoon
: ahead of the Olympia, which she suc
• ceeded in doing.
The Olympia steamed slowly to the
' t< rtuous entrance between two old
¦ Spanish forts, which apparently were.
j deserted, and found that the Colombian
: t miser had taken up a position a short
; distance inside, but commanding . the
¦ entrance. It was learned subsequently
• that the Cartagena had grounded there
and that later she was towed into port.
SALUTES ARE EXCHANGED.
It can be safely said that the influ
ence of tirne and a calmer considera
tion of the situation are bringing
about, though slowly, a greater readi
ness on the part of Colombia to ac
cept the inevitable and to get all she
possibly can from the republic of Pan
ama by diplomacy.
Beaupre said he thought any trouble
between the United States and Colom*
hi?, was improbable and that the Amer
icans in Colombia — of whom there were
very few, there being only about ten
in Bogota and some prospectors in An
tloquia and other places— were in^ ho
danger of molestation.
General liafacl Reyes has been bitter
ly criticized in Bogota for having in
vited the Panaman commissioners to
breakfast when here aboard the Canda.
The General's action is considered un
dignified and a sign of weakness. Gen
eral Reyes' continued absence at Wash
ington is resulting In a certain slight
weakening of his influence and pres
tige.
Minister Beaupre had a good trip
down the Magdalena River and was
greatly gratified to find that the Olym
pia had been sent to Cartagena to bring
him to Colon. The Bogotan authori
ties extended every courtesy to the
Minister, who left Bogota on a special
train and was carried down the river
on a special steamer. He made the
trip frdm Bogota to Cartagena in seven
days.
Comparatively little information as
to the general situaton could be gained
at Cartagena. * There are probably
SoOO troops there, and there ar"e report
ed to be 5000 at Barranquilla. The
Government! is doubtless slowly con
centrating troops at Barranquilla and
moving them toward Titumali. in small
numbers. There are 1200 Colombian
soldiers at Titumali and vicinity to-day
and this number is gradually being in
creased.
It is expected the Bogota Govern
ment had spies in -Cartagena, who
were carefully watching for any evi
dence of disloyalty, since the Cacta
genian authorities evidently desired to
avoid all unnecessary friendliness with
the Americans.
No political references were made
during the interviews, except by the
chief of the Cartagena customs, who.
while aboard the Olympia, proposed
with great earnestness a toast to the
continuance of the = frierfdly relations
between the United State 3 and Colom
bia, .^k
coxcextkatim: op troops.
While Admiral Coghlan and the
other Americans were treated civilly
and courteously, and while their visit
was not marked by the slightest un
pleasant or untoward incident, it was
evident that the authorities in Carta
gena were not very glad to see the
Olympia and were pleased when she
took her departure.
Admiral Coghlan was careful to leave'
at the earliest possible moment, evi
dently remembering the absolute loy
alty of. the Department of Bolivar to
the Bogota Government.
barked, the Olympia fired a governor's
salute of seventeen guns and imme
diately thereafter hoisted anchor and
steamed out of the lagoon.
entertain hope of a satisfactory re
sponse by this Government. Already,
most of the legation files have been
packed and arrangements completed
for placing them in storage here. Gen
eral Reyes for several days has denied
himself to callers. It. is believed that,
while the reply of Hay has not been
made, sufficient information has been
obtained by the Colombian representa
tives* in the interviews they have had
with pie Secretary to enable them to
forecast its conclusions.
The preparaions going on for closing
the affairs of the legation would seem
to indicate that General Reyes and Dr.
Herran are awaiting, as a< matter of
form and diplomatic courtesy, the of
ficial communication of Hay setting
forth the reasons why this Government
cannot accept their view of the Pan
ama situation before severing diplo
matic relations with the .United States.
The statement of M. Bunau-Varilla,
the Panama Minister, that his Govern
ment is willing to assume a portion of
the Colombian 'debt, has been received
at the British embassy and transmitted
by cable to the London Government for
Its' consideration.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Dec. 23.— Notices
were sent out to-day from the head
quarters of the Amalgamated Associa
tion of Iron, Steel and Tin Workers
that the vote of the sheet lodges on
the proposition to reduce the base of
the wage scale 10 per cent had been
accepted. The new rate will go into
effect- on January 1, and it is believed
tnis decision will result in the starting
next Monday of a large number of
union sheet steel plants that have been
idle for a long time.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec 28.— A reduc
tion in wages at the American Bridge
Company's works went into effect to
day. The piece workers were 'reduced
10 per cent; salaries below $4000 a year
were reduced 20 per. cent, and between
$4000 and $10,000 25 per cent. -Two thou
sand men are affected. . '
PITTSBURG, Pa.. Dec. 28.— The em
ployes of the Union Rallnoad Company,
with the exception of the trainmen,
have been notified of 'a 10 per cent re
duction in wages, to take place on Jan
uary 1. The Union Railroad Company
is connected with the Carnegie Steel
Company and is a subsidiary of the
United States Steel Corporation.
TRENTON, N. J., Dec. 28.— The re
duction of wages at the Trentcrn plant
of the American Bridge Company,
which was, announced some time ago,
went into effect to-day. The reduction
is a graded one, running from 1 to 20
per cent. The 1 per cent reduction is
in the case of men who receive less
than $1 50 per day. Those who receive
above that amount have been reduced
from 10 to 20 per cent. The men have
submitted to the reduction. Several
hundred employes are affected.
CHICAGO, Dec. 28.— The blooming
and open hearth mills at the Inland
Steel Company, Indian Harbor, were
running with union men to-day for the
first time in nearly two months. Of
the 900 men, members of the Amalga
mated Iron, Steel and Tin Workers'
Union, who struck because of a. de
crease In wages, about 400 were put
back at work and the remainder expect
to be at their old stations to-morrow.
They go back at a reduction of 10 per
cent.
LONDON, Dec. 28.— Three thousand
blast furnace. workers in this district
were to-day given notice of a pro
posed reduction cf 10 per cent in wages,
to take effect on January 1. . '
NEWCASTLE, Pa., Dec. 28. — The
manager of the Newcastle and Sharon
Plants of the Carnegie Steel Company
announces that the 1300 furnacemen
of this city and all furnacemen of the
Shenango Valley will be affected by
a general wage reduction, effective
January 1.
Congressman Smith, who arrived
iust at this time, pleaded with George
Sanders, husband of one of the women
.-tssaulted, urging him <to go home and
l<»t the law take its course. Sanders
started for home.
Congressman Smith then mounted
the Courthouse steps and urged the
members of the mob to disperse, tell
ing them that Sanders had already
gone. This had the desired effect and
with half an hour the Courthouse
grounds were deserted.
• ••INCH. BLUFFS. Iowa, Dec. 2S.
An attempt was made to-night to
lynch George Williams and Neely
Zimmerman, two negroes, charged
with having attacked Mrs=. Zanders and
Mrs. Stark last Friday night. The
men were in court to-day, -where they
were identified by the women, after
which they were held to the Grand
Jury, which convenes next week.
To-night a mob of 500 men and
boys gathered about the jail and de
manded that the negroes be surrend
ered by the officers. The demand was
refused. The mob increased in num
bera until there were at least 1000
men yeling and battering at the jail
doors with clubs. Several times the
police charged the mob. but they were
unable to break it up.
Just before midnight a dozen men,
armed with a bar of railroad iron,
commenced battering at the jail door.
A dozen blows shattered it and a yell
vent up from the crowd.
Amalgamated Association in
Tittsburg District Accepts
Ten Per Cent Cut in Men's Pay
WASHINGTON, J3ec. 28. — The fleets of warships on both sides of*the isthmus of Pan
ama will be reinforced shortly by several vessels now on their way to that- quarter.
¦ The gunboat Topeka. of the Atlantic training squadron, left Key YY'fcst yesterday for
Colon as convoy of the torpedo-destroyers Truxhm and Stewart. The gunboat Castine arrived
at Colon yesterday from Philadelphia. The big" collier Caesar has left Culebra for Colon \\ T ith'
coal for the fleet. The converted cruiser Dixie left League Island to-day for Colon with the
Panama marine brigade. On the Pacific Coast the gunboat Petrel, bound for Panama, arrived
at Acapulco, Mexico, on the 26th inst. The flagship New York sailed from San Francisco to
day, and the gunboat Bennington, the torpedo-boat destroyers Preble and Paul Jones and the
collier Saturn will sail from that citv in a dav-or two.
Cruiser Olympia, Sent to Gpnvey Minister Bealipre to
Colon, Anchors in Harbor and American Naval
Officers Land to Pay Their Respects to Governor
National Lawmaker Pleads
With Aiijrei-ed Crowd After
Jail Door Is Battered Down
SPEECH HKSTOKKS OHDEK
Imva Congressman Induces a
Council Pilnffs Mob to Give
l/u Plans for a Lynching
31ultiply in the Industrial
Centers of the Eastern States
, — » — , — ¦
STEEL PLANTS TO REOPEN
Announcements of Eeductions
SAVES NEGROES
FROM AVENGERS
LOWER WAGES
FOR NEW YEAR
ADMIRAL COGHLAN'S FLAGSHIP VISITS
THE COLOMBIAN PORT OF CARTAGENA
THE SAN ERANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY. DECEMBER 29, 1003.
Kansas City alone has $50,000,000 in
vested in Mexico. - .- . .
...Fyrography outfits and things to burn
in: wood and leather. Art material de
partment,* Sanborn,: Vail & Co. •
St. Francis; Sunday School festival
will be held in Washington Square
Hall, corner of Union and Stockton
streets, to-night. An excellent pro
gramme has been arranged and a
good ,tlme is expected. On the' pro
gramme are W.Hynes and the "won
der wizard," O. Wanek
Sunday School Festival.
3
! . >^J >1, [
I ft Til A \ jrt \ I ". { ' (f\\ I *
' 1 -*9-"*M * 1*"%^ * ' ¦. ¦'¦¦'¦--"*""' ¦'•"•¦*'-¦¦* •A
Suits to Measure
Start the new year with a new suit. We make suits to
order in all styles from the latest fabrics, and the prices range
from $10.00 to $45.00.
Our snits are as good in fit. and workmanship as those of the
exclusive tailor, who charges you fully a third more.
fllii s^M^ogxp m§m
measure blank and 740 Market Street and - V
samples /w ¦aPKeibtreet ana measuring system,
samples. Cop# p owe n and Eddy ,<
Pears'
No soap in all the
\?orld is so cheap.
No soap in all the
world is so good — none
so lasting.
Sold all over the world.
¦
Honesty is the easiest policy
no.
Schilling's Beet has made it
Moneyback.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ARE Y0DR1IDNEYS WEAK?
Thousands of Men and Women Have Kid-
ney Trouble and Never Suspect It
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
It used to be considered that only urinary 4&BE&*tot&%*.
and bladder troubles were to be traced to the allp*jfc^3fc
kidneys, but now modern science proves that Omff^rrjjfcjf
nearly all diseases have iheir beginning in *S^#*5S9 ! if
the disorder of these most important organs. lisf^l
The kidneys filter and purity the blood— Mw^^
Therefore, when your kidney? are weak or PSillmiPl
out of order, you can understatnd ho-' quick- '
ly your entire body is affected, and how ev- £ *' - * " \
cry organ seems to fail to do its duty. /|&f? \£/- ¦>>«
If you are sick or ''feel badly." begin taking
the great kidney remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- .^^^S^cgSBSSHEjBUg^^fej^
Root, because as soon as your kidneys are >dSwB)M|BB^^^gl^R^
getting better they will help all the other or-
ganr to health. A trial will convince any one. ; $
I wai a conitaat gufferer for a number of year* Kill j no iciLMEB*£ \ H^S
with weakneit of -the kidney* and tack and fre- Kg£i «*••«*-•«.•* ffSS
quent desire to urinate, but after using- Dr. KU- M$M CWKHTD DAAT KM
mer'i Swamp-Boot. I am entirely cured and cheer- HggMI 0 II nlUl'IlUU 1 fsfiM
fully recommend thi« wonderful remedy to any Bflff „ . , . •.m.^j BUS
who may suffer from these common complaints. HjiSSi iM-noy.LtTerfcjwcar KtZzt
Most Iruly yours. |8§3I ~* CURE. IF 3
W. O. BAIIiY, 3d Iileut. of Police. L^l disectto.vs, 81*9
Columbus, Oa. «S5Q ¦•»t««t«.,t-»-««Uf« f v '
Weak and tmhealthy kidneys are responsible m&& H£3T?i4M £££¦.*•*** ¦«¦
for many kinds of diseases, and if permitted i&fflH c i; 1J 'TLlr**"~"^. t l^ 1 Is«ii
to continue ¦ much suffering and fatal results fgfftM sm-mumammtmttaam* ¦£¦
are sure to follow. Kidney trouble irritates ||if|j *"* mmtld Rtvj
the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless deep- B§||s TVt ' rrmM ntm %1 , B|8l
less and irritable. Makes you pass .vater often k|||h iki»y,i»».uiJtommK, H^
during the day and obliges you, to get up ||j&9 KftoZnkX&JFZtZ wQ&l
many times during the night. Unhealthy kid- H|h| S^Viii?" uSfb/™!!!! liP-'i
neys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the Wjsjjm '¦«•*»¦» Di—^hSfc **»• wt'.'A
bladder, pain or. dull ache in the back, joints K||| ",T * [ £^ f {£££*!""" Wm
and muscles; makes your head ache and back |§i|l nwmintii SHI
ache, causes indigestion, stomach and liver WjjM D |i* N £j^™* * C0 " Eba
trouble you get a sallow, yellcw complex- |||| so'aby an^ggiL. WM
ion, makes you feel as though you had heart lj§la • fi^Sl
trouble; you may have plenty of ambition, but
no strength; get wea'.and waste away.
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kilmer's WM^MW^MSISliS^
Swamp-Root, the world-famous kidney reme- W^^^^T^^^T^^^m^W
dy. In taking Swamp-Root you afford natural y^^^^^g|g^^^^
help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the most * „ _ , v
perfect healer and gentle aid to the kidneys 'Su-amp-Root u pI ea 3 ant to tak*.)
that is known to medical science. If you are already con-
HOW tO Find Out vinced that Swamp-Root is
If there is any doubt in your mind as to h d
your condition, take from your urine on. ris- J - ' J v
ing about four ounces, place it in a glass or chase the regular fifty-cent
bottle and let 'it stand twenty-four hours If and onc . do ll a r size bottles
on examination it is milky or cloudy, if there • .
is a brick-dust settling, or if small particles at the drug stores every-
float about in it. your kidneys are in need" of where Don't maki any mis-
lmmediate attention. J .
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and' is used take, but remember, the
in the leading hospitals, recommended by na Swamp-Root, Dr. Kil-
physicians in their private practice, and is .
taken by doctors themselves who have kid- mer's Swamp-Root, and the
ney ailments, because they recognize in it the address Binghamton, N. Y.,
greatest and most successful remedy for kid-
ney, liver and bladder troubles. I on every bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE— You may have a sample bottle of this wonder-
ful remedy, Swamp-Root, sent absolutely free by mail, also a book telling*
all about Swamp-Root and containing many of the thousands upon thou-
sands of testimonial letters received from mcri and women who owe their
good health, in fact their very lives, to the great curative properties of
Swamp-Root. In writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. N. Y., be sure
to say you read this generous offer in The San Francisco Daily Call.
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-SOOT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.| 22. both of Oakland; Trescott S. WI1-
I son, 29, and Sadie H. Chick. 28, both
OAKLAND. Dec. 28.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: George K:
Sm.ith, 31. and Elizabeth A> Coghlan.
Marriage Licenses.
BERKELEY. Dec. 28. — The fun
eral of John- S. Moore wa.s held yes
terday from the family residence. 2026
Woolsey street. Berkeley. The de-.
ceased was a pioneer of^thls State and
was well known In Berkeley, where he
resided for a number of years. 'He Is
survived by his wife and three chil
dren. -":.***
Pioneer I>altl to R<?^t.
Thr members of the Sah Francisco
Turn Schwestern are looking forward
with interest to their leap year, and
snowball party, which is scheduled
for January 10. The v party. will be
held in the Turk-street turner hall
and a good time is looked forward to
by all. The proceeds will, as usual,
be devoted Jo .a worthy cause. -. '>.
Leap," Year Party.
Arrested on a' Serious Charge.
i Albert King was arrested yesterday
afternoon by. Detective , Tom -.Gibson
and his name entered on the "detinue
book at the City Prison pending an in
restigation. . King is accused by Mrs.
Seymour of 285C Market street of hav 7
ing received 5400 from her to play th(J
rpces and falling to make an account*
ing. ;•
. "I am not responsible for everything
that the newspapers say, but I did say
yesterday that I would. demand an in
vestigation of this matter and I am
prepared to make that demand to-day.
When we employed Mr. MacMullan *.*e
employed him as an assistant to this
board, and not as an assistant to the
County Assessor. 'It was his duty to
report to this board his* findings and
we could then have acted upon them.
Now we are called upon to pay a lot
of bills f or 1 work that we never saw.
To my knowledge Mr. MacMullan has
never reported to this . board, and for
that reason I move" that all acts con
nected with this matter be rescinded
and that It be referred to the commit
tee of the whole for Investigation." '
Supervisor Rowe.had this to say:
"I. want- an open investigation so
that the people can be Informed of
every move. If.wejiad appointed Mac-
Mullan in open session all this noise
•night have been avoided. Mr. Mac-
Mullan was appointed by us to. dis
cover unassessed property and was to
receive a certain commission for so
doing. I understand that he has dis
covered- this property, and I believe
that we should keep our agreement
\*lth him. I thought that It was a good
thing then and I -think so now." •
MacMullan announced that he had
reported' his -finds to some Individual
members of the Finance Committee,
but Chairman Mitchell said that he had
not been reported to. :
The motion of Mr. Mitchell that all
action be rescinded was carried and the
matter was referred to the Finance
Committee for further Investigation.
This will result" In MacMullan v belng
forced to make all of his claims at once
instead' of trying to avoid public notice
by drlbbing them. In one at a time in
small amounts.
Jere T. Burke, attorney for the
Southern Pacific Company, stated last
night that in : view of. his confidential
position with. the railroad company he
was not prepared to make any state
ment at the present time as to any
?roposals made by MacMullan. '". *'
Chairman John Mitchell requested
Supervisor H. D»- Rowe to take the
chair in "order that he might speak di
rectly from the floor, and the Mac-
Mullan communication did not change
one statement he made yesterday. He
said:
honorable purpose of this county's
present Assessor to turning many bags
of gold Into 'this county's .treasury
which has heretofore been lost to said
county. Respectfully,-- -
. ' "C. S. MacMULLAN."
EXPLANATIONS MADE.
Following were the active pallbear
ers: P. J. Ryan, W. W. Whitmore. E.
Bernstein, George A. Taylor, T. W.
Painter and Frank Trahan. r .
The honorary pallbearers were: Gen
eral H. Schaffner," General F. A. Mer r
guire, Colonel A- Marks, Colonel G.
Schiller, Colonel T. W. Fifleld and
Colonel J. C. Lohmler, all of the major
general's staff.
OAKLAND. Dec. 28. — Colonel J. P.
Abbott, a prominent member of the
Knights of Pythias and acting adJu-»
tant general of the California Brigade
of the Uniform Rank, was laid in the
grave by ¦•¦the members ofr the order
yesterday '." afternoon, the ritualistic
services being conducted by General
C. F. McGlashan and Colonel George
Samuels and the religious services by
the Rev. Paul Stewart. More than 400
Knights, many of them in full uni
form, attended the funeral.
Ps-thias Attend Funeral of the
Late Colonel J. P. Abbott.
Uniformed Members of Kniclits of
LAID IN THE GRAVE
WITH MILITARY HONORS
Orders Hoodlums to Leave Town.
OAKLAND. Dec. 28. — Ed Marks, a
member of the notorious Sporting
Life gang, has been given twenty-four
hours In which to leave town. Marks
told Judge Smith in the Police Court,
to-day that he was arrested while
making arrangements to depart. His
Honor suggested that Marks could
show good faith by continuing his
preparations as rapidly, as possible,
otherwise six months in the City Pris
on would be the New Year's remem
brance for Eddie. . .
William Ehrenpfort, a well known
citizen residing at 801 Fillmore street,
reported to the police yesterday that
he had been robbed during the after
noon of $1400.
According to his story he went to
the German Bank, where he drew out
the money, which" he placed in a
handkerchief and then stored it away
in an outside prfeket of his overcoat.
He then proceeded downtown to the
Russ House bar, where he suddenly
realized that his money was gone. He
told the police that he recalled two
men following him down to the hotel
and believes that they stole the money
from his overcoat -pocket.. ¦
./A description of the men was given
to the detectives, who, however, have
little hope of apprehending them.
SAYS HE WAS ROBBED
BY TWO UNKNOWN; MEN
Police Inquiry Complete In Prepara
tion for Inquest, Which Will Be
Held by Coroner Mehrmann.
OAKLAND, Dec. 28. — The body of
Richard Sibrian. who died in the City
Prison from a fracture of the Fkull.
was removed to his parents' home In
Alameda to-day, where the funeral
was held. Reports concerning tl.e
young man's movements before he
•was found In a stupor at Thirteenth
Btr*et and Broadway, together with
the official police records in the case.
have been procured by the Chief of
Police for use to-morrow evening at
the Inquest, which will be held by
Coroner Mchrmann.
REPORTS ARE FILED IN
RICHARD SIBRIAN'S CASE
"Whereas, The San Francisco Call of
this day intimates that my employment
by- your honorable body is not credit
able: that the county treasury id to siif
for'byisuch employment, and that as a
consequence my engagement by you is
burdensome to the taxpayers of this
county;.' and . • -
..^'Whereas. Your chairman has as
sured the public through said issue of
The' Call that the matter, of my em
ployment, by which certain.commis
sions are now due me, will be, thorough
ly Investigated by you. . '
-;" i; 1 V here f or e petition that you proceed
with such inVestisatlon forthwith that
I may plead guilty on account of the
¦ : When the Supervisors faced the re
sult of their action to-day they prompt
ly rescind everything they had done
and then proceeded to look about them
to find out exactly where they stood.
They have not yet discovered, but they
have started In the right direction and
they are determined to Investigate
every phase of the "unsight and un
seen" contract that -they made last
April. . The county may be discovered
to be legally bound by. its agreement
with •MacMullan, but the Investigation
will h'aveit3 benefits In- preventing any
more trickery in the future.
¦ MacMullan precipitated the action
himself, though Chairman John Mitch
ell was ready to demand a full Investi
gation., MacMullan sent the tolldwlng
communication to the Supervisors, in
which he took exception to the inter
views of some of the Supervisors that
appeared In The Call:. -
, "OAKLAND, Dec. 2S, 1903.
"To the Honorable Board of Super
':••• visors of Alameda County:
SUPERVISORS INVESTIGATE.
This -story is known to several offi
cials and it has been told by Mr. Burke
to more than one and there is plenty
of corroboratlon.
• The first chance that this Ftory had
to come to the surface*. In full public
view Was when the first MacMullan
claim was put through last week. Up
to that time and even at that time the
Board of Supervisors had absolutely
no Information of what MacMullan had
been doing. HJs reports had been made
to Assessor Dalton and there was noth
ing to show when the tax rolls were
turned over last July whether Mr. Dal
ton's regular deputies or MacMullan
had discovered the large Increase In
taxable property In Alameda County.
The work was supposed to* have been
that of Mr.' Dalton's office and Jt passed
for such until Saturday last when Mac-
Mullan finally came out of the brush
and openly declared ' that he was the
man that had "discovered" the ferry
boat franchises, the water in liake Cha
bot and a total of about. <3.000,000 of
property upon which he wanted his
commission, the first ¦Installment of
which he had applied for in hio claim
for $1099 15. ' *
This angered MacMullan, Who,- being
facile of pen, proceeded to write sundry
letters to the Council criticizing, abus
ing -and threatening su'ch men as Presi
dent Dbrnin.and Chairman John L.
Howard of the Finance Committee and
others of- like character. This did not
help MacMullan in the eyes of the city
officials nor the public, and when the
Council refused to receive any more
communications from him* unless
couched in proper language MacMullan
reached the end of his rope In that
quarter. .
Since tho county expose there are
many happy officials around the City
Hall of Oakland.
City Council became aware of these
events, and. they made some Investiga
tions of their own, and exactly the same
story was told them. Thereupon the
City Council promptly threw MacMul
lan. and his proposition to "discover"
unassessed property out into the cold,
cold world.
MacMUIiLAN ANGERED.
TAX EXPERTv WHO IS AC
CUSED. OF TRICKING THE
ALAMEDA SUPERVISORS.
Although frequent stories of the pos
sibilities of Stockton and Fresno. being
connected by an electric line have been
repeatedly denied by those whose
names have been connected with the
reported projects, it is again rumored
that K. H. Harriman of the Southern
Pacific Company is prepared to under
take the construction of a line between
those two cities, and it Is said that that
project was what prompted him to re
cently acquire the majority of the stock
in the Stockton Street Railway Com
pany, whose office is soon to be moved
to this city.
Frank W. Webster, former* • chief
clerk of the construction department of
the United Railroads, who recently re
signed to accept the suDerintendency
of the Stockton street road, and Henry
Lynch, who has just retired from the
head of the construction department of
the United Railroads, have been in
Stockton for several days looking care
fully over the street road. The latter
it is said, Ip to be completely over
hauled In the near future, and the
plans for the improvements are' to be
prepared under the direction of Lynch.
While In the Slough City Lynch and
"Webster have heeit Inspecting outlets
from the southern end of Stockton. It
is" reported that surveys southward for
several hundred miles in the direction
of Fresno have already been made, and
the work of construction of an exten
sion of the street road in that direction
could be Inaugurated on very short no
tice. Those who pretend to know rs
fiert that Harriman has made alf prep
aration for this new line In order to
anticipate any similar enterprise that
might be projected by other parties.
Has Mapped Out a Route for Electric
Lino Between Stockton and
Fresno.
OAKLAND. Dec. 28. — J. R. Camer
on, a flagman at the railroad crowing
at Thirteenth and Webster streets,
was knocked down to-day by a large
dog that leaped from the baggage
car door of a Webster-street local
train as th* ar passed the spot where
Cameron was standing. The fall broke
the flagman's right wrist.
The dog had been In charge of a
trainman, who swung open the door
as the train was approaching the sta
tion. Seeing a way to freedom, out
leaped the dog. striking Cameron and
sr-nding the flagman down in a heap.
The animal rolled over In the street,
g-athered himself together and ran
kiyiing down the thoroughfare before
the injured flagman realized what had
struck him.
Animal Jumps Suddenly From Train,
Knocks Crossing Man Down and
Breaks His Wrist.
HARRTMAX PREPARING TO
ANTICIPATE COMPETITION
BIG DOG LEAPS FROM
CAR AND HITS FLAGMAN*
, Whereupon, so Mr. Burke told Mr.
Mitchell, he had an interview with Mac-
Mullan. At that interview MacMullan
Informed him of the work '"that' 1 had
been delegated to him by the "Alameda
County Board of Supervisors, and add
ed that he knew where the Southern
Pacific Company was not paying the
county of Alameda $2700 in taxes that
was due the county, and that under his
appointment he J:vould be compelled to
report the samq to the Assessor, but
that he once mere wanted to en.terf.he
field of Journalisfh. and if $500 could. he
secured with wftlch he could start- a
paper In Alami/da County he might
overlook this assessable property, or give
up his position altogether.'
With cautious! regard for the affairs
of his company Mr. Burke ; took the
matter under, advisement, and he. re
ferred the whole proposition .to William
F. Herrin. then general solicitor for the
corporation. Mh Herrlri's reply, as re
peated by Mr. J*urke to Mr. Mitchell,
was that if the' 'Southern Pacific Com
pany owed Alampda County $2700 taxes
it would pay It. Hut.it. would not put up
a cent for blackball. That was an ugly
word, but as.thif story finally reached
Alameda County Jit was used by. the big
attorney.-,.: /, : . % * • '
Mr. Burke's Et6ry'ended;at tl.at point,
as the negotiations between MacMullan
and the company, closed right thefe.^'
Tint certain* members of, the 'Oakland
WANTED FIVE HUNDRED,
According to the story. told by Mr.
Burke to Mr." Mitchell, and since re
peated to others, 5500 was asked by
MacMullan from the Southern Pacific
Company in consideration of which. he
would refuse the position of "tax ex
nert," to which he had been appointed
by the Alameda County Supervisors.
As this story ran. various communica
tions, Innocent In themselves, passed
from MacMullan to various officials of
the big railroad corporation, from Pres
ident Harriman down, and \ In -the
course of railroad events these commu
nications found themselves- In the tax
department of the company and In the
hands of Mr. Burke. • . • <
The letter from Mr. Kruttschnitt did
not contain the contents of the letter
sent by MacMullan to Mr. Harriman,
but Mr. Mitchell began to wonder what
MacMullan was doing and why he was
writing to Mr. Harriman. and who au-'
thorized him to communicate with any
one connected with the Southern Pa
cific Company. Still, as nothing more
developed, and as there was nothing In
the action of MacMullan to arouse
suspicion, the Kruttschnitt- letter was
allowed to fade from Mr. Mitchell's
mind for the time being.
The matter was forcibly revived when
an accidental meeting between Jere
Burke of the Southern Pacific Company
and Mr. Mitchell occurred in the Pal
ace Hotel In San Francisco. Mr. Burke
immediately wanted to know from Mr.
Mitchell what kind of a tax expert he
had appointed In Alameda County, and
in reply to Mr- Mitchell's question, of
"Why?" he told a story that hung upon
the mysterious communication received
from General Manager Kruttschnitt by
Mr. Mitchell.
.4 .
OAKLAND. Dec. 28.— Investigation
of the remarkable claim of C. S. Mac-
Mullan for discovering unassessed
property in Atameda County was be
gun by the Board of Supervisors to
day at the demand of Chairman' John
Mitchell. As a basis for the investiga
tion the board, upon the motion of
Chairman Mitchell, rescinded all action
that had been taken, both upon the
MacMullan claim and the alleged
agreement, that was made last April,
and the matter has been placed in tlie
hands of the Finance Committee to
complete the investigation.
But there Is an' infinitely more, se
rious phase to this matter than th*
mere trapping of the Supervisors into
authorizing an unmerited agreement.
Various county and city officials assert
that they hold in their possession evi
dence that C. S. MacMullan, after he
had been employed by the Board of
Supervisors to look up this unassessed
property, offered the Southern Pacific
Company, for a consideration of $500,
to divert his attention from. any of its
unassessed property. :
The storv of this attempt upon the
part of MacMullan to trade upon the
agreement he secured from the Super
visors last April is best told by describ
ing the way in which the discovery wa3
made by the officials in question.
Some time ago John Mitchell, chair
man of the Board of Supervisors, re
ceived from Julius Kruttschnitt. gen
eral manager of the Southern Pacific
Company, a communication, addressed
to him as chairman of the board. The
letter announced that E. H. Harriman,
president of the Southern Pacific Com
pany,' had received a communication
cent him by "your county tax expert"
and that the communication in question
had been referred to him and by him
had been referred to the tax depart
ment of the Southern Pacific Company.
SUSPICION" IS AROUSED.
The Keren n ia as a rnlo fin Improvi
dent individual. In a chronic state of
lmpecur.iosity. He is- always ready to
receive a loan on almost any terms.
Company A, Irish Volunters (Knights
of the Red Branch Jtifles-). > will give
a military ball at Golden Gate Hall on
Thursday night, New Year's eve. The
committee in charge Is working dili
gently to assure the success of the bail.
The dances of Ireland will be In a
prominent place on the programme and
the hall is to be handsomely decorated.
The members of the company will at
tend In full uniform and will be under
the command of Captain H. P. Filgate.
There are to be military exercises. The
field and staff of the First Infantry
Regiment, N. G. C, and of the League
of the Cross Cadets and officers of the
First Troop of Cavalry will. attend.
Following are the committees: Ar
rangements—T. L. Mahoney, chairman;
Sergeant P. J. Kenny, secretary; Ser
geant Charles J. Collins, Corporal M.
O'Nell and T. J. Shaughnessy. Floor
manager. Captain H. P. Filgate; assist
ant floor manager, Lie'utenant Thomas
McNaboe; floor. Corporal M. J. Hesslon,
Joseph P. Kelleher, W. J. Hudson, J.
Coen, P. Kelly. J. Walters, T. J. Con
nolly, J. J. Rodgerson and P. F. Green.
Reception— Lieutenant J. J. Sullivan,
chairman; Sergeant J. Gaughran, Cor
poral D. Harnedy, M. Buckley. P. S.
O'Looney, T. J. Shea, J. J. Murphy, P.
J. Crowe, P. Purcell, P. Mannion and
W. Brady.
IRISH VOLUNTEERS WILL
DANXETXE\V. YEAR'S EVE
Arrange for Ball at Which Many
Handsome Uniforms Will Bo
- Conspicuous.
Triplicate mirrors, standing mirrors
ar.d toilet sets: beautiful and Inexpen
sive New Tear'* presents. San born. \ji»»
& Co.
Trustee Staats said th.\t he did not
wish to prejudice Fisher's case in the
Justice's Court, where a criminal
charge is pending, and . agreed with
Trustee. Hoff to place Fisher's name on
the list of recommendations. After
ward this was withdrawn by agree
ment between the same Trustees, and a
vote of the Trustees asked. Rickard,
Hoff, Dowd and Staats voted for the
recommendation of the committee, and
Ryder and Ferrier against it, the two
last named being opposed to any sa
loons at all in Berkeley.
Fisher, through his attorney, gave no
tice that he would ap*ply at the next
meeting for a renewal of his license.
The Trustees will then set a time for
the hearing of the charges of the church
people against him.
The' matter came rp in the form of a
recommendation from the License Com
mittee, Trustees Hoff and Staats, for
the renewal of the licenses of nineteen
saloons. Fisher's name was not on the
list. Trustee Dowd said Fisher .ought
to be given a license to run his place
until the board had" investigated .the
charges of the church people against
him, and Fisher's attorney also de
manded that privilege for his client.
BERKELEY. Dec. 2S.— The Board of
Trustees to-night refused to renew the
license of "Sam" Fisher, the West
Berkeley saloon-keeper, who assaulted
the men and women of the Trinity
Church while they were conducting a
"rummage sale" near his place. Fish
er's present license will expire with the
end of the year and then he will have
to shut the doors of his place.
While the question of Fisher's license
is not'allogether seftled, as he intends
to renew hfs application, .it is unlikely
that"he will receive any favors from the
Trustees, the majority of them being
against him. The. vote to-night indi
cated that when the matter comes up
for final . settlement Fisher's friends
will be Trustees Hoff and Down, and
his opponents Trustees Rickard, Con
nor. Ferrier and Ryder, with Trustee
Slaats uncertain.
The retirement of these men will
create a total of three vacancies In the
regular police allotment. That which
was caused 'by the killing of Policeman
James II. Smith has not b»en lllied. At
to-day's meeting of the Commissioners
the matter of appointments tr, the reg
ular force was laid over until the next
meeting, which will be held on Monday.
January 4, the regular mooting day.
Friday, falling on New Year's* day;
C. "J. Dowen was appointed ti special
policeman for the Twenty-third avenue
district. . • ¦ ¦ >
Chief of. Police Hodgklns has report
ed to. the Police Commissioners that
Patrolmen C. E. Kentz and William
Tlllotson, recent appointees of the
board, are physically disqualified from
proper performance* of thrir duties.
Kentz, according to .the Chief's state
ment made this afternoon to the Com
missioners, is a sufferer from varicose
veins. Tlllotson is ailing from rheu
matic gout and the Chief nsserta cannot
do patrolman's duty efficiently because
of his trouble.
Based upon that report tho Commis
sioners directed the Chief to nsk- both
men for their resignations.
Kentz and Tlllotaon were appointed
to the force on November 1. They each
worked about three weeks during No
vember and were compelled tr. lay off,
not returning to the beats until De
cember 15. But since* then both men
have been regularly on duty.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Dec. 28.
Three Chinese highbindt-y. takon to
the County Jail this evening, had so
cretbd about their persons sufficient
opium to supply the entire t'hinpso
colony there, consisting of hr.lf a hun
dred or morf. with the soothing drujj
for some time to come.
One had Ihe crease in a soft felt hat
filled with it, while in the cro-.vns of
the hv.ta <>f all it was sticking like bats
In a garret and was plastered in their
capacious sleeves like gun: saved for a
second cliewi.vg.
One had soma in his shoes and the
jailers were finally so n roused over
their discoveries that they made th-j
men divest themselves of their entire
apparel and gave thorn a complota
change.
The men arrosted are Chew o»n?.
Wong Kong and Ah Louie. Cne\v
(long is a notorious hatchet man ancl
h.".. 1 . a long criminal record and s^rvoi
eight years In Sun Quentin for robbery.
Ail three drew their pistols fa tn*
gambling joint of Ah Lee O"S *t
ricasar.ton la?t night and on his com
plaint they were arrested to-day at
Centcrvill". He charges th'-m with at
tempted robbery. It i? beloved that
after findinsr nut that tfcoy were to be
confined in the County Jail they
stocked themselves Op with opium "l
order to dispose of it at :i high figura
to their countrymen inside.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 I'roadwiy, Dec. 2S.
With* flames licking the sides of the
building in which they worked, two
young "hello" girls stood at their posts
in the telephone office this evening and
answered calls as if nothing was hap
pening. The girls are Miss Mary Stew
art and Miss Ida HolIenchHst. When
the fire broke out in the laundry next
door the rest of the office force tied,
but the . skirls named weren't a bit
frightened, even when the heat began
to turn the place into a Hamr.iam brUh,
and the sky was lighted up for rtill.s
around. Mothers and 'falhers and
brothers came along and insisted upon
them leaving the threatened building.
but they would not move. Instead they
calmly sat at the switchboard and saitf
"hello" to everybody that -wanted ;v
number. "It was rather warm," said
the girls afterward, "but there w.is
really iio danger of us burning up.'
The fire broke out in the University
French I^auiulry. corner »>* Sh;ittuc-k
avenue and 1 Bancroft tray. While run
ning, in front of the building to rescue
his sister .from the telephone office.
which he thought doomed. Francis Is
grigg, a High School student, was cut
on the forehead by a pieco of falling
glass. The wound required the ser
vices of a physician to mend. Fire Chlof
James Kenny had a narrow escape
from instant death. While driving the
Marston hose wagon out of Addison
street into Stanford place he ran into
a "Key route" train.^ Just as it was
coming tp a stop. The horse was
knocked down and the car damaged,
but Kenny escaped unhurt.
The laundry is a total loss to Capde
ville Bros., the owners. The fire wr>.s
caused by a spark in the drying-room.
Berkeley Office San Franclwo Call
214S Center Street. Doc. 2S.
University French Laundry De
stroyed Through Blaze Start
ed by Spark in Drying- Room
Board Decides to Give the Ac
cused a Hearing When He
Again Applies for Renewal
Dr. J. P. Tormey performed an au
topsy this afternoon and he found
that Moran had died from exposure.
The inquest will be held at 10 o'clock
next Sunday morning. . .
For thirty years the old man had
lived alone in a little two-room house
on the Mulford Landing road and he
was seen last night as he got off the
Haywards car and started toward his
home about 9 o'clock. At that time he
was returning from a visit to U'.s
brother. Darby Moran, who lives at SOI
Jefferson street.
The deceased was unmarried, and
besides hie brother he leaves one Bister,
who also resides in Oakland. The body
has been removed to James McManus'
undertaking parlors and the funeral
•will be held from the home of Darby
Moran.
Tho dead body of James Moran, an
old resident of San Leandro. was found
in a pool in San L^andro Creek shortly
before 9 o'rfock this morning by Petc-ina
Santos, a 14-year-old clrl, who resides
on Alvarado street, at the foot of which
the body was lying. Moran, who was 79
years old, had evidently become con
fused in the darkness and had fallen
over the bank of the creek in the night.
The body was found leaning against
the bank of the pool with the head and
Fhoulders out of the water, showing
that the old man had not been
drowned, but had died from exposure
after sliding into the water, from which
owing: to his age he was unable to es
cape.
-.Petcina Santos, who found the body,
was badly frightened and ran home,
Bcreaming that there was a "dead man
In the creek." After she had become
calm enough to tell her parents what
ehe had seen Deputy Coroner Morgan
¦was notified and the body was removed
to the branch Morgue.
Oakland Office fan Kranciseo Call,
111£ Broadway, l>oc. 2S.
Girl Discovers Remains and'
Runs Screaming to Parents,
Who Send Word to Coroner
? — — •
Commissioners Postpone Action
on Candidates Until the
Next Meeting of the Board
— — * — — . v
VACANCIES TO BE, FILLED
CALMLY CONTINUE WORK
Body of Aged James Mora n
Found in San Leandro Creek,
'Exposure Bringing Death
MISSES FOOTING IN NIGHT
Chief of police- Reports Two
Recent Appointees to Force
Are Physically Disqualified
Telephone Girls Stay by Their
Switchboards, Though Flames
Lick the Sides of Building
Chew Cons', Wonj? Kong' and Ah
Louie Attempt a I5i*r SmuiTffle
of the Drug: Into tile Prison
CLOTHES FILLED WITH IT
Chinese Highbinders Stock Up
AVith a Quantity of "Hop"
for Prisoners in Comity Jail
Berkeley Trustees Revoke His
License Owing- to His As
sault Upon Church People
— •— «
TO INVESTIGATE CHARGES
Investigation of Demand of C.S. -MacMulIari for Discovering
Unassessed .Property irv Alameda County Begins, and
Officials Say They Have Proof of Attempted Extortion
DIES IN BED
OF A STREAM
WILL REQUEST
RESIGNATIONS
ANSWER CALLS
AS FIRE BURNS
ARREST HUMAN
OPIUM JOINTS
UGLY TALE OF ALLEGED
BLACKMAIL IS TOLD
FISHER LOSES
SALOON RIGHT
X
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1903.
4
DE. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Backed np by over a third of a century
of remarkable and uniform cures, a record
*:ich as no other remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses peculiar to women ever
attained, the proprietors of Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription now feel fully war-
Tinted in offering to pay $500 in legal,
money of the United Stales, for any case
»f Lencorrhea, Female Weakness, Prolap-
ses, or Filling of Womb which they, cao-
¦not care. All they ask is a fair and reason-
able trial of their means of- cure. * . %•"-*
"I used focr bottles of year 'F«ToHte Pre-
scriptios ' and one of ' Gclcen Medical Discov-
ery." " writes Mrs. Dmcr D. Shearer, of Mount-
rhope, Laccsctcr C<x. Pa., "and can say thct I am
cured of tliat dreaded disease.- uterine trouble.
Am in b-tler health than eyrr before. Every-
one who knotty me is surprised to see me locic
so well. Ia June I was so poor in health that
et time* I could not walk. To-dsy 1 am cured.
'1 tell everybody that Dr. Pierce's • medicines
'wired me."
v Pjlte. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Itfed-
ical Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. Send 31
©ne-cent stamps for toe doth-bound volume.
'Address World's Dispensary Medical Asso-
cU.— <». Proprietors, Bafialo, N. Y.- * ¦
fiCfOTO CK&SCnjK* O^'CCCfCfOO <POCKyOOO KfQOO 000=0^0 OO C'OOO OO OOOOOCk
<
FREE /\RT SUPPLEMENT 1 <
....The Huntsman's Trophy....! \
WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL i
<
i^7i^Tj^'^?'J c^j^JL <^)J^. ''' ' ' '" '*' * ' ¦'¦'? L ***'v -^MJ^.^^^^^^^j^i/t/^' JLu^'^i^^^^Jj vv "*" ' *' "' ¦* ¦ ¦' /¦• ¦!
Th)is is or)e of the fan)ous sportiog pic- <
; ' free I
\ y
to air readers of y
THE SUNDAY CALL fThe Board of Bank Commissioners
issued I licenses yesterday, for the es
tablishment of the Merchants' Bank
of Berkeley, capitalized at $25,000?
the Commercial Bank of Ukjah. cap
italized at $50,0.00. and the: Pacific
Grove Bank of Pacific Grove, capital
ized at $50,000. Thesa institutions
will begin business within a few days.
Issue Licenses for New Banks.
A circular" has been issued from the
office of Passenger Traffic Manager
McCormick's ofilce to all agents and
conductors of the Southern Pacific
Company, notifying them that clergy
rate certificates for the year 1903 will
be recognized until the latter part of
January. • ,
Under an agreement entered into by
the transcontinental lines over a year
ago all permits to clergymen giving
them a half rate over the . Western
roads are issued by a special bureau of
the Transcontinental Passenger Asso
ciation, to which applications have: to
be forwarded with proper indorsements.
Usually the permits are issued during
the month of December, but this tinie a
delay in the printing and a rush of
work in the bureau deferred the issu
ance of the certificates until tn« comi
ing month. *
Transcontinental Bureau Slow- in Is
suance of Half-Fare Certificates
for New Year.
CLERGYMEN CAN RIDE
ON THEIR OLD PERMITS
ST. LOUIS. Dec! 2S.— Chief 'of Detectives
Defmond will- return to Mexico to secure
Charles Kratz. former member of ,the City
Council; -wanted here- for trial r>n an indictment
charging bribery, v-hom tb? Mexican Govern
ment last wtek agreed. to surrender. - \'.
Wants HIh Watches Back.
Carl W.. Welter, x a seafaring man,
secured a warrant from Police Judge
Conlan yesterday for the arrest of
Bert Glenn on a charge of misdemea
nor embezzlement. He alleges that on
December 24 he 'gave Glenn two
watches, valued at 5 SO, to be repah-ed
and since then Glenn" has been mt33
ing.
Tho children of St. Paul's Church
yesterday ' observed • Holy Innocents*
day. with .appropriate services. A ser
mon 'was delivered by .Rev. G. Taylor
Griffith, pastor of the church, and the
children sang* a number of Christmas
carols and hyr.ins: The advent savings
of^the children .were r then presented
and will be given, to Bishop Nichols
for mission purposes'. . Christmas tree
festivities followed the 'religious cere
monies. •
Festival of Holy Innocents.
Former Railroad Commissioner E. B.
Edson Is down from Gazelle and stay
ing at the Occidental. »
Professor J. A. Foshay, Superintend
ent of the Los Angeles^publlc schoo4s.
was among yesterday's""'arrivals at the
Palace. .
\ P. G. Charles, superintendent of the
Alaskan Pacific Express Company,
with headquarters in Seattle, is visiting
this city.
W. B. Buckmeister. manager of the
Amalgamated quicksilver mines, among
which are several properties in this
State, arrived from Boston yesterday
and registered at the Palace.
W. R. Warner, proprietor of Byron
Hot ' Springs, and wife are at the.
Palace. . V^U;r
T." Aoki, a banker of Japan, arrived
from the East yesterday and is at the
Palace.
.Samuel K. Thornton of Amador
County is in San Francisco for the
holidays.
J. D. Spreckels and his daughters
left last evening for San Diego, to be
absent for a week.
"W. M. Cutter of Yuba, chairman of
the Republican -State Central Commit
tee, is in the city. ,-• ."
Frank Kyselka. superintendent of the
Hoopa Valley reservation, and wife are
guests at the Grand.
F. M. Buck of VacaviHe is at the
Lick.
Dr. E. C. Foster of Colusa is at the 1
Grind. '
Dr. G. L. Watson \>f Vacaville is at
the Occidental.
Dr. J. B. Morris of Lewiston, Idaho,
is at the Grand.' ' -
Rev. L. W. Cook of Cloverdale is at
the Occidental. . .
Dr. Felton arid family of Hanford are
staying at the -Grand.
L. J. Rose Jr.. a well known fruitman
of Oxnard, is at the Palace.
Captain C. A. Watts of the ship Sus
quehanna Is at the Grand.
,\V..S. Wall, an attorney of Woodland,
and wife are at the California.
W. S. Leake left for the' East yester
day morning on a business trip. * ; £
J., W. Forgeus, a lawyer of Santa
Cruz, : is staying at the California.
vConimander C. Plenderleath of tho
British navy is registered at the Pal
ace. '-";? ?,".- : ? '.JL*~'. ' :
PERSONAL.
The Rev. . K. Miyami. who is here on
a visit from Japan, and who was th*
first Japanese in the United States to
be converted, addressed a few parting
words to the Methodist ministers at
their meeting held at.Epworth League
Hall yesterday morning. The Rev. Mr.
Miyami leaves for Japan to-morrow.
There were present at the meetrhg
Rev. Dr. J. N. Beard. Rev. Dr. E. P. Den
nett, Rev. Dr. J. D. Hammond, Rev.
Dr. F. M. Larkin. Rev, A. C. Bane,
Rev. Dr. M. C. Harris, Rev. Dr. W..S.
Matthew, Rev. Dr. G. W. White. Rev.
John Stephens, Rev. E. F. Brown]
Rev. Dr. G. B. Smyth and Dr. F. D.
Bovard.
At a meeting of the Presbyterian
ministers yesterday morning • at the
Wc-men's Occidental Board of Foreign
Missions, on Sacramento street, a pa
per was read on "The Neglected Coun
try. Arabia," by t. - Rev. E. K. Strong.
There were present the Rev. J. G.'
Anderson, in the chair; Rev. C. C. Her
riott, C. E. Cornell. Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell
Rev. H. N. Bevier, Rev. Dr. H. H..Dob
bins, Rev. Moses Bercovich. Rev C
R. Calender. Rev. J. W. Hill, Rev. J.
J. Sltton, Rev. CM. Murphy and Rev.
E. K. Strong.
The annual convention cf the Protes
tant Eoiscopal church in the diocese
of California will meet in Grace Church,
this city, Tuesday. January 26. Bishop
Nichols will preside over the conven
tion, which will last in all probability
four days. - - ..... . ...
FIRST JAPANESE CONVERT.
The Congregational v minisieis held
their annual devotional meeting in the
rooms in the Young MenV Christian
Association building yestcrda -• morn
ing. Professor Cushman of -<he Uni
versity of Nevada spoke of the Con
gregfttioral church work in Reno and
alluded especially to East Rer;o, where
there is no church or Sunda\ -school,
Vhije there Is a population of several
thousand. In a few years he said there
would be fully 10,000 people in that lo
cality. The principal pan of 'the popu
lation was made up of railroad em
ployes. It was decided to make prep
arations for the establishment of a
church and Sunday-school at the place
indicated by Professor Cushman.
Rev. William Rader presided and the
annual devotional exercise vas con
ducted by Rev. Dr. W. C. Pond.
Rev. A. C. Bane and Rev. J. N.
Beard, D.D., leave to-day for St. Louis
to act as attorneys for t:ie Methodi3t
church in tho matter of in appeal
taken by Rev. Dr. J. D. Hammond
against the decision which suspended
him for one year for alleged bad man
agement of the Methodist Bo<.«k Con
cern and failure to rentier an account
of his stewardship. Rev. Dr. Forbes
will hold the brief for the appellant.
The matter came before <h^ annual
conference held last September, at
which Dr. Hammond was afyo defeated
as delegate to the quadrennial con
ference, which will be held next May.
The appeal will come up at the St.
Louis conference, January S.
It is said that Dr. Hammond had
been advised by his New York friends
not to appeal the matter as the com
mittee which condemned him on five
out of seven counts was composed
largely of those well disposed toward
him.
DR. HAMMOND APPEALS.
Bovard. editor California Christian Advocate;
A'. T. KuthisufT. !ny delegate of Bethany
Church: Rev. Dr. Thomas Kilbjn. Rev. Ed
ward K. Srtrcnc, Trinity Presbyterian Church:
Rev. Henry A. Fis'.j. "The People's Place":
Rev. J. 1. Wilte, I). D.;\V. E- Clark. Olivet
Ootifrregatlonai Church; J. \V. Hill, suverin
tT.dent God's Chri«ti-n Church: Rev. GeorR3
ti. E!dn.T£<\ Ft. John's Presbyterian Ch'irch.
li-v. Jp.mes WTomlworth, Kev. John Ilsmr-hiil.
D V.. C:i-va;y PrrPbyterian Church; Kev. H.
H. Bell, l>. D.. Un'.ted Presbyterian Church:
H*v. A. Hol!ar.», Bethlehem Congregational
cimreh; W. E. . Pinncy, K^v. C. M. Murphy.
Hew George W. Whit*. D. V., Central Metho
dist Episcopal Church: Rev. Frederick A.
l>oan>\ Vizor.h S*rf sb> tTian Church: Hui.i.
v MHcLainr\ Memorial t'rrrbytertan Church;
Kuv. Herbert N. B-vier. Memorial Presbyte
rian Church.
The Xorth Shore ferry steamer
Cazadero on her 3:15 p. m. trip from
this side ran into the wharf at Sau
salito yesterday and tore out half a
dozen piles. . ¦>
When Engineer Wasser got the slow
bell as the boat was running into the
slip he was startled to find that the
engines did not respond to his effort3
to stop them. The ferry-boat, travel
ing at a good rate of speed, crashed
into the side of the slip and complete
ly demolished it for a distance o_J sev
eral yards. When the mate, who had
charge of the boat at the time, saw
that she did not lessen speed when he
gave the bell, he steered for the side
of the slip in order to break soma of
her headway.
When she struck the passengers be
came terrified and the screams of th.3
women only helped to create a big
ger commotion. Several of the women
passengers fainted. The engines were
finally stopped, order restored and the
boat safely landed.
and Wharf Is Damaged.
North Shore Steamer's Engines Re
fuse to Respond to Engineer's Hand
PANIC AMONG PASSENGERS
ON FERRY-BOAT CAZADERO
A ruit against the Kimball Steam
whip Company was filed yesterday by
William* Johiipon. The action is to
compel the defendant to account for
the Kale of a largre lot of lumber John
son claimed, it sold for him In October,
I 9<?9, and'also for damages for injury
<lone lumber returned to him.
Claims Lumber Was Injured.
,The dertl was fully ' consummated
yesterday and it .Is probable that the
papers will be filed in a few days. It
is expected that the road will be com
pleted . to Stirling by the middle of
April and immediately after the match
company will begin shipping its ma
chinery to its new mills at that end
of "the line and hauling 1 .back to Chico
tb.e heavy -timbers to be iised in con
struction of the lar"ge buildings which
tho match 'company purposes to erect
in that town.- j , »
. F.. Armbrustfcr, auditor of the Dia
mond Match Company,', arrived from
Xew York Sunday and is registered p.t
the Palace Hotel. " /
• Yesterday he was in conference with
General Manager Kruttschnltt - and
Chief Consul. Herrin: of the Southern
Pacific Company regarding the deal,
announced ,s^vet;al days ago, whereby
thc'.match company's railroad line be
tween Chico and Stirling, known as
the 'Butte County Railroad, passed to
the ownership -of the newly incor
porated Chico and Northern Railroad,
by which rit, Iia3 been leased to Us for
mer owners. • . . . . -
Arrives From Xcw; York in Con
nection With, Deal.
Auditor of Diamond Match Company
TRANSFER OF THE BUTTE
IJAILROAD IS COMPLETED
The Crocker- Woolworth and First
National banks of this city yesterday
sued the City Treasurer to recover
taxes paid under protest. They base
th«ir complaint on the charge that the
law providing for the collection of
taxes on capital stock of corporations
is urK-on.«titution:d.
Hniiks Sac to Recover Taxes.
Pretty papeteries in beautiful boxes;
envelopes and paper tied with silk rib
bons. Good for S*ew Year's. Sanborn,
Vail <fc Co. •
Laborers' Protective Union No. 8944: Presi
dents— 15. J. P. O'P.iley and James A. Flan
natrfln: vice presidents — John F.' \>rs. Michael
Glrason, George Omcco and C. M. Eriekson;
lecortllnjt secretary. Jchn H. Weldemann;
financial secretary. L, B. Ht<?nlns; treasurer.
Patrick Tl"rney; trustees — Edward Ozs.rd and
Charles Wehr: conductors — Frank Dunne and
A. C. Anderson; *erKeants-at-arms — John J.
Lynch, an^ John McCarthy; business agents —
1'lchflel O'Leary. W. J. Joyce and Joseph
Murphy. i
French Laundry V.'orker*' Union: Presi
dent, J. Jay mot; first vice president, A. Bene;
second vice president, P. Saubaber: financial
secretary, M. Cauese; recording secretary, C.
Raynal; treasurer. J. P. Vergez; trustees —
J. ¦•. TUronnet. Z. Encoyant and A. Hene: In
side guard. I*. Chaldu; conductor, J. Turon
netr executive committee — M. Causse. A. Ben*.
E. Artcux. Z. Encoyant. P. .f-aubaber and E.
Grant; financial committee — S. Bidalot, Jeanne
Durpy and P. Cl'aldu. . . .
I'flprr J^cnjers' and Fresco' Painters' Union
No..!5C0: President, L. P. Danforth; vice pres
ident, W. G. Clark; recording secretory, A.
Barrett; financial secretary, Peter de Ferrari;
treasurer, Joseph Charclot: warden, Josepn
Crowley; conductor," C. {?. I'erry; trustee, L,.
E; l.oomi?.
Journeymen Marble Cutters' and Finlshsrs'
Un{6n No. 3S has elected the following offi
cers for the ensulnjj term: .President. Edward
Hpyes: vice president. George Mumford; treas
ure"-, Georre Miller; financial secretary. M. J.
Collins: reeordlne tecritary, Edward T. Kinu
cajt;- Fergre.ant at arms, John Fredoriekson ;
troiters— 'A? I,. • Brov.iiell, William McGrath.
Charles Hl'.l. John Pi»rcf and 'Robert McCori
i<-hl; delegates to Building Trades Council —
Edward Hayes. Charles Hill, Robert McConiehl
and Jchn McDourald. - .
' The new council elected the following
offtgers: President, F. P. Nicholas; iv
cording secretary, L.. B. Regan; treas
urer, Charles Nelson; vice president, L..
Morrison. J. J. Swanson and W. A.
Cole were elected business agents and
Thomas Farmer was elected a picket.
At the forming of these councils all
existing trade, rules governing union
carpenters in this city became null and
vo.id, but the new council adopted ill?
trade rules used by the old council until
such time as new rules could be_fornv;d.
•A committee of nine, one from each
union, was appointed to take this im
pftrtant matter under consideration,
and' it will be its duty to formulate a
complete new set to be passed up to tho
nine unions represented for a referen
dum vote. The following committee
was appointed:. Charles H. Clark of
Local 22, chairman: Charles Nelson of
the Amalgamnted. H. B. Bhinke (304),
M. T. Gregg (1082), L. Rossi (95). W. J.
Kidd (483). A. C. Strell (423), Charles
Kinnear (766). and A. Harklns (616).
The unions have about completed ?he
electing of their officers for the ensuing
six months. The following are the lat
est added to those already announced:
- MORE OFFICERS^ ELECTED. -
RUliES ARE NULLIFIED;
An event of importance to men en
gaged in carpentering was the jomt
meeting of San Francisco fcouncil,
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and
Joiners of America, and San Francises
Branch, Amalgamated Society of Car
penters, last Saturday evening at the
headquarters of .the Building Trades
Council. It was the first gathering in
accordance with the decision of M. A.
Strasser. the umpire to whom the two
central. bodies referred their differences
last August in Chicago, and It meant
another step in the evolution of union
ism in the building trades.
The .union of the two great bodies of
carpenters is to be effective for o.i 3
yfear. The trade rules are to be fortntfj
immediately and the constitution
adopted a twelvemonth hence. Tho
brotherhood is strictly an American in
stitution, while the Amalgamated Car
penters have their headquarters Jn
Erigland.
The step taken here Saturday night
was taken in every other city in the
United States. 1
J. C. Williams, vice president of "the
Western Federation of Miners, was told
by Deputy Sheriff William Runnels last
night that unless he left town this
morning he would be jailed. He did not
leave, but his whereabouts la not
known at present. There are rumors
of wholesale arrests of strikers Im
pending, but nothing is given out of
ficially.
FLORENCE. Colo., Dee. 28.— Manager
Hower of the Dorcas mill, who recently
discharged all his, employes who be
longed to the Western Federation of
Miners because of the threat of the
Cripple Creek Mine 'Owners' Associa
tion to shut off hi3 ore supply if he did
not, was to-day notified by the owner
of the Morganstein coal mine that no
more coal could be procured for thc»
mill at that mine. The coal miners had
threatened to strike if the Dorca.^ was
given coal. The Morganstein is one of
the mines that acceded to the demands
of the men, and has been supplying
many plants here with coal.
Colonel Verdeckberg at once dis
patched Major Xaylor with a squad to
capture the attorney and his weapons.
The lawyer's office was found barri
caded and G'over appeared with a re
volver, declaring that he would shoot
the first man who attempted to break
down the door. The place was sur
rounded by troons and orders were
given to shoot Glover if he appeared
again with his weapon.
Later Glover reappeared and several
shots were exchanged, the attorney
being wounded in the arm, after which
he was captured. *
TELLtTRIDE. Colo.. Dec. 25.— It i3
reported here to-day that former At
torney General Eugene Engley of Crip
ple Creek, attorney for the striking un
ion miners of this district, has been no
tified that unless he leave the district
at once he will be arrested. He is said
to have asserted that he would ijot go.
and that if arrested he would make no
effort to secure bail.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., Dec~J!8.—
Attorney John M. Glover, formerly a
Congressman from Missouri, defied the
military to-day, barricading himself in
his office and surrendering: only after he
had received a bullet in the arm.
Colonel Verdeckberjr. commanding the
militia foi<!es in the district, to-day re
ceived a letter from Glover denying the
legality of the recent order for the sur
render of arms by the citizens of the
district In hi3 letter Glover referred to
Governor Peabody as "a cheap anarch
ist." He declared that he had two suns
in his office and defied the military to
take them from him.
This is not the first time that Gas°n
has been arrested on a charge cf burg
lary. About two months prior to the
time he was shot by Mrs. Fitzgibbon
he was discovered in the Var. Ness
bazaar on Market street, near Van
Ness avenue. When arrested he said
he had entered the place to gret some
rice, as his stepsister was to get mar
ried. He was charged with burglary,
but Police Judge Mogan reduced the
charge to petty larczny and pjt Gagen
on his good b?havior. Tho case had
not been finally disposed of when he
was shot, but later it was stricken from
the calendar.
A citizen notified Policeman J. B.
Charlostoo about 6 o'clock yesterday
morning that the cigar stor« of Nor
man A. Brown. 20/ Marshall squafe.
Had been entered by a burglar. Charles
ton hurried to the place and discovered
a pane of glass broken in the front
window. He went inside and found
Joseph A. Gagen, who could not give
any satisfactory explanation of his
presence there. The proprietor was
sent for : and he said that a box of
cigars and several packages of cig
arettes were missing. The cash register
had also been forced open and twenty
seven slugs had been stolen. Nothing;
was found upon Gagen, but he was
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of burglary.
Gagen is the man who was shot five
times by Mrs. Etta Fitzgibbon in her
rooms, 872 Market street, on May 3.
She claimed that Gagen attempted to
choke her and she shot him in self
defense. On December 12 she was sen
tenced by Judge Cook to serve four
teen years in San Quentin for the
shooting. There was some question as
to her sanity, but Medical Superintend
ent Stone of the Napa Asylum, to
which f=he was sent, reported that she
was sane enough to be punished for
her crime. Gagen is lame from the
effects of one of the' wounds in his leg.
Tt»v. W. P. Matthews, presiding; f\dcr Mpth
o6\rt Er'.scopal Church. San Francisco dis
trict; J>v.. Dr. H. Inlander. First Ettffljsfc
Lutheran Church: R«*v. ***. Fishfr. First Cum
**rl«iid Presbyterian Church: Rev. John S.
Maelntnsh, L*- r> -'- Rcv - Bdwla K. Brown.
Firrt M H Ourrh: Rev. William Kirk
Outhri*. Fmt Prosbytrrian Church'; Rev.
Fm! A. Keast. Eiiworth II. K. Church: liev.
H. D. Hairy. Richmond M. E. Church: Rov.
L. J. Kawytr and . Deacon G. A. Case. Hamil
ton Square Baptist Church: licv. C. C. Her
rlott. Rev. I. C. Me*erve. D. D.. Plymouth
Congregational Church; Rev. Tt. Logan. Leba
jion I'resbvterian Church; Dr. S. H. Willey.
Re%\ Soo Hoo Nam Art, Rev. J. J. Sittson.
truMiona'-v; Rev. M. TVroovltr..- Prt sbytTian
Hebrew MiKs'.on; Rev. Walter M. White. West
Side Chrif.tlar Church; Rev. Dr. Freeman It.
The committee on nomination to se
lect an executive committee consists of
Dr. W. S. Matthew, Dr. E. Melander.
Dr. Lewis J. Sawyer. Dr. J. T. Wills
and B. S. Hayes.
The clergyman enrolled Cor the work
ere:
Dr. Macintosh dc-clnred that not in ten
years within the Presbyterian commu
nity had there been such heart and
prayer and inter.sitiveness, while in
<>ther:» of the churches the same aggres
sive spirit prevailed. He besought his
hearers to begin with watchnight an
onward, aggressive work outside with
faith, with prayer and love, attacking
the unbelieving environments to make
them believing environments.
After addresses by the Rev. Dr. Lar
kin, the Rev. Dr. Kemphill, the Rev.
Dr. Guthrie, the Rev. Mr. Strong, the
Kev. Dr. Matthews, the Rev. Mr. Be
vier and the Rev. Dr. George White,
a resolution, which follows, was
adopted:
- "That a large and . representative
committee be formed, to be corr.pose4
of all' the evangelical ministers of th«
city, together with one church officer
from each congregation who are will
ing to join.
"That this committee be called to
gether at the earliest moment possible
to, arrange definitely for a combined
effort to revive the churches them
selves, and then to win souls for the
Lord." :.L~y : i.
BISHOP HAMILTON CHAIRMAN".
The election of permanent officers re
sulted as fellows:/ Bishop Hamilton,
Methodist Episcopal church, president:
R?v. H. H. Bell. D.D.. vice president:
Rev. I. C. Meserve. second vice presi
dent: Rev. Georgs W'.- White, D. D.. sec
retary.
Evangelical entireties in Philadelphia.
In Xew York, in Baltimore, Boston and
other cities, such as St. Louis and now
Chicago, were carrying forward active
v»ork. and the tinv-s showed there was
a great force behind and above them,
he continued. There never was a time.
Fajd Dr. Macintosh, when the spirit of
prayer obtained as to-day; there was
n<»ver an hour in the Ja^t twenty years
vhen. fo many men and women were
wrestling for tho souls of brother and
sister.
' There was a general movement of the
kind all over the country, said Pro
fessor Macintosh, and in Oakland the
evanjreljcal bodies had combined, as
had been the case in some of the great
er cities of the East. The reports which
had been received of the united move
ment were wonderful, and they had
reat-on to be thankful.
KKUCJIOrS HOIHES COMBIXK.
They must be agreed to labor for the
pood name of the city, and he ventured
to say that no man had a right to live
in a city for whose good name he had
no care. As .Christ's men they must do
something: aggressive for the Master:
it was higrh time that they did some
thinp for the souls of men. He asked
the question whether they were pre
pared to do anything cs a united body.
It meant work, said Dr. Macintosh,
continuous work. He admitted that
they had to count on the cost. It might
cost them a deal of mortification and it
would cost them self -consecration; it
would cost them in practical, continu
ous ministration. He a?ked them while
in mass-meeting to consider whether
they were prepared to follow the plans
for a deliberate "holy war."
Professor Macintosh. D. D., was the
first to s=peak on the subject, and he
drew a parallel between San Francisco
and Ephesus, a city the center of which
was given up to vil^ness and the
haughty and devoted worship of Diana.
That city, was converted, he said, by
twelve men filled with the spirit of the
Holy Ghost — twelve men who were
plowing with fervor that came from a
new vision of God. If those twelve men
<ould effect that change in Enhesus. he
doubted not that the union evan
gelistic movement could effect the up
lifting and the salvation of- souls in this
city. Dr. Macintosh drew a picture of
the vast importance of San Francisco
in the future history of the nation. He
asked that the ministers band them
selves together in combined spirit and
love to win ihis splendid West for Jesus
i.nd the Master.
A mass-meeting of clergymen of this
<.ity interested in union evangelistic
work met yesterday afternoon at the
Young Men's Christian Association
luilding. the Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell, in
the absence of Bishop Hamilton, tem
porary chairman, presiding. There were
nearly fifty clergymen present and
many stirring addresses were delivered
in support of a great religious revival.
Filcher was going along the trail,
which is unused and lies not more than
half a mile from Auburn. He was in
search of a spring that was ence fa
mous, its waters being credited with
the power to restore hair to bald heads.
As he walked, talking with his brother,
who accompanied him on his jaunt, he
saw before him the telescope basket,
in which there were several articles of
clothing, moldy with long lying. Among
the articles were several shirts that
had on them th« imprint of the Ex
celsior laundry in Oakland. A pair of
trousers was found, witn thv creases
in them and looking unworn. There
were also a pair of sleeve buttons and
some other trinkets. F rther'down the
trail was a bunch of collars, aldo moldy.
All the clothing was In fair condition
and the inference was that the owner
thereof was in comfortable circum
stances. But where was he?
Mr. - Filcher went directly back to
Auburn and notified the Sheriff and
the Coroner of what' he Iiad seen. A
party of, men was organized and the
entire country in that section was ex
amined: a«s clossly as tlie density of
the foliage would permit, but no trace
of. Henrietta was discovered.
One- of. the letters was addressed to
Henrietta.. This had been written by
his mother and In it was expressed sor
row that Henrietta and his brother had
parted. In another letter !t was dis
covered that the brother, Georg-e Hen
rietta*, was, in Montana., The letters
were taken* to~ the Coronet*** office.
Filcher has no theory concerning the
fate of Hepriet^ar* He "told the story
yesterday oh his return 'from Auburn.
Henrietta was unknown in Auburn.
The letters in- the basket indicated that
he formerly lived in Canada.
J. A. Filcher, commissioner to the
St. Louis Exposition, made a find while
visitins his old home at Auburn last
Saturday that -farms the foundation of
a mystery now receiving the attention
of the Sheriff and other peace officers
of Placer County. Mr. Filcher found
on a trail articles that point to the
disappearance of a man by the name
of Frederick Henrietta. This name was
found on letters in some clothing that,
together with a telescope basket, lay
on the trail. '
Fiery Cripple Creek Attorney
Resents an Order Compelling
Citizens to Give Up Weapons
Professor Macintosh Exhorts
Fellow Clergymen to Beiriii
at Once Cleaissing of City
Accused Is the Man Who Had
Five Bullets Fired Into Him
by Mrs. Etta Fitzgibbon
Labor Unions Almost Complete
Their Election of Officers to
Serve Them for Six Months
Envelopes Bear Name of Fred
erick Henrietta, but No One
in Town Knows Such a Person
MAKES FORT OF OFFICE
SIGNIFICANCE OF MOVE
CHARGED WITH BURGLARY
DEEMED BAD AS EPHESUS
SHERIFF ' INVESTIGATING
The tangled marital relations of Dr.
John A. Frits were the subject of adju
dication before Judge Cabaniss yester
day. Mrs. Jennie Fritz testified that
last October the defendant had threat
ened her life. She was hardly positive
enough regarding the language used in
the alleged threats. In addition she
said that her husband had invaded a
house of worship she was . attending
and hissed at her like a real stage vil
lain. The defendant on his own behalf
stated that he. had been induced .to
leave a wife and four children by the
present partner of his sorrows in order
to marry her. Within the last ten days
he has applied for a divorce in order to
reunite with the woman who was his
first helpmate and -who bore him four
children. The discarded, and regained
wife was present to inform the couVt
that she was willing to assume again
her marital relation with the physician.
The first wife conducts a drug store on
Corfland avenue. .
Judge Cabaniss warned both the,de
fendant and the ', complaining . witness
that hereafter their, trails ; in life must
never 'converge under the penalty. of
his severe displeasure. "Go back; to
your wife and four children," said the
Jons C. Madsrn. who is also known
as Fred Nelson, is opposed to long en
gagements and is also a disciple of the
doctrine of force. He is an ex-convict,
having been sent to San Quentin for
burglary committed in Fresno. For the
last three weeks he has made his abode
in the Winchester House, on Third
street.
During his excursions in search of
the satisfying hamburger with Java
his heart's attentions were attracted by
a pink-cheeked and pretty girl named
Anna Krumrn, who assists her father
and mother in conducting a restaurant
at the corner of Third and Stevenson
streets. Madsen concluded that she was
his affinity, and he wrote her two let
ters.-The first was rather profuse. In
it' he said that he believed in taking the
world by etorm. Then he asked her
what night she would go to the theater
with' him. The second letter was more
terse, but insistent. It said: "Dear
Anna— What time can you marry me
to-morrow?" Miss Krum consulted Po
liceman Jack Tillman. who is the friend
of mankind on Third street. She said
that she could not. possibly have met
Madsen unless in the way of serving
him v/ith coffee and doughnuts, and she
knew of no reason why he should write
her that kind of letters. Tillman ar r
rested Mr.dsen for vagrancy and he
was tried before Judge Mogan yester
day. It did not appear to the court
that the defendant was thoroughly
well balanced mentally. "I think he's
got spinning wheels in his head," said
the Judge aside. "I'll continue this case
a few days. and let. the insanity sharks
try to probe the six days' bicycle race
that I think is going on under his hat."
Henry Jackson, a negro, nearly es
caped the strong arm of justice yes
terday because he possessed a bursrlar
proof nerve. The stunt came off in
Judge Mogan's court. Henry had been
arrested on the charge of purloining
a sold watch and a bankbook from
Mrs Julia A. Taylor, who conducts a
lodging-house at 25S Minna street. Pat
rick Kearney was arrested on the same
night by Policeman Cavanaugh on the
charge of vagrancy. The case of Kear
r.ev was called for adjudication and a
burly negro arose in the dock and was
let out. Cavanaugh called to the
stand and testified that Kearney was
not a bad fellow. The policeman said
that the accused was a nuisance on
Kearny street when he got drunk. In
view of the fact that the defendant
had been in jail for forty-eight hours
Judge Mogan dismissed him. The art
ful ne«?ro started on his way to free
dom.
"That isn't Kearney," whispered Cav
anaugh to the Judge as he noticed the
receding form of the colored man.
"Kearney is a big Irishman, and not a
coon." . . ,
"Bring that man back!" thundered
the Judge, and Bailiff Hickey laid his
strong arm on ihz artful negro.
A harried search of the records was
made ar.d it was found that the real
Kearney had defaulted his bail. Jack
son was haled before the bar again *.o
answer to the crime or theft. He ad
mitted that he had stolen a watch and
bankbook from Mrs. Taylor. He said
he hid the plunder under the stairs and
when he looked for it he found it was
gone. Judge Mogan told Jackson that
during the lonely hours he spent in his
cell before his appearance again . to
day he would better consult the shades
of his "African ancestors and find out
what became of the missing property,
otherwise the limit for petty larceny
would be coming to him.
* * *
"1 tried to carve a turkey myself in
my young and salad days," he said,
"and I know exactly how you felt. I
nearly committed manslaughter on a
long-necked waiter who was watching
the operation, and I made a saute of
the gravy bowl and the bunch of white
hyacinths in the center of the tabl*.
I'll take this case under advisement for
a day."
W. A. Adams started to carve a tur
key in his Valencia-street demesne on
Christmas day. He secured a half
Nelson on the breast of the bird with
the carving fork and felt for the place
where the joint of the wing should be
in properly reared turkeys. The bird
sliji out of the platter and landed in
the lap_of his wife, who was wearing
her best ;own. It was recovered and
Adams smiled* peacefully, while hi3
wife broke into tears. He concluded to
tackle a leg when he had resumed a
strangle hold on the holiday fowl.
Somehow the turkey was deform€d in
that particular quarter and caromed
off again. It hit Mr. Adams' daughter
in her nicely braided hair and broke tho
glass in a beautiful etching. There was
gravy enough left on the etching to
turn it into an oil painting.
Adams again regained the bird and
searched for an opening through the
breast with his carving knife. His
language was something awful by thiy
time. The cook fled to the back yard
and buried her face in her apron. Hi3
wife and daughter withdrew to the
bedroom in tears. The turkey w.is
dressed by this time with Axminster
trimmings and plugged with glass.
Frightened neighbors rushed in,
thinking a tragedy was being commit
ted. Amons them was Mrs. Louis
Spencer, who lives at 1331 Valencia
street. She told Judge Mogan yester
day that on her entrance Adams hit her
on the head with a beer glass. Theo
dore v Ross of 1523 Sanchez street, also
invaded the premises, intent on pre
venting crime. He was also assaulted,
he claimed. J. Johnson, a next d'<or
neighbor of Adams, told the court that
he had also fallen a victim to Adam.V
wrath when he reached the dining
room in order to rescue a woman in
distress.
Altogether three charges of battery
were preferred, against Adams. The
turkey didn't appear against him. The
Judge was inclined to take a lenient
view of th? case.
Members of Brotherhood and
Amalgamated Society Gather
in Council and Fraternize
Joseph A. Gagen Is Discovered
on Premises of Norman A.
Brown in Marshall Square
Combined Protestant Ministers
Start Crusade for the Piiri
c float ion of San Franeisco
Former Congressman Glover
Deiies Colorado 3Iilitia and
.Receives a Bullet in the Arm
World's Fair Commissioner Dis
7covcrs*ClothYn^i Trinkets and
Letters on*Trail.Xear Auburn
Thomas Perdon. a diamond setter, is
known as "Jack the .Shouter." When
overcome with strong drink he displays
his fondness Jfor the fair sex by going
up to them afld shouting in their ears.
The entire neighborhood jh the vicinity
of his abiding place was alarmed at his
peculiar actions until Policeman . M.
Brady appeared and took him to tlio
City Prison. There are certain places
in the' prison where darkness and a
coating of redwood make a "shouter "
forget his vocation and Perdon spent a
night in the narrow confines of one of
these. He had lost his voice when he
appeared before Judge Mogan yester
day. The only explanation , he couid
make was that he was so drunk he did
not realize what he was do'.ng. His case
wascontinued until this morning in •)_•
(der that he might produce witness's
to prove his general good character.
Paul E. Barloy was held for assault
with a deadly weapon by Judge Fritz
yesterday. Ho is the wayfarer trvnn
Chicago who shot Charles Constantine
through the leg while the latter was
beating a woman at 36 Geary street.
Barloy deposited $750 in geld coin with
the clerk to insure his appearance be
fore the Superior Court- The Police
Court lawyers, who are unaccustomed
to clients with such a display of wealth,
clustered around him like bees around
a hive, begging for the privilege of de
fending him.. He laughed them oft and
will probably get along without their
help when the trial comes off.
Fred N. Gardner's birthday came on
Christmas And the two events were
too much for him. When he had re
ceived his full quota* of liquid presents
he stood on Market street at the Ninth
street crossing and walloped everybody
he could reach on the passing cars.
Policeman Pat Brady passed, in citi
zen's clothe3, hanging oh to an 'outside
rail and intent on getting home to bi<>
turkey dinner. Gardner caught him in
the ear. The policeman climbed .1 »wn
and found his assailant. He told Gard
ner he. was an officer and showed his
star. The defendant had a few swinss
left, however, and he gave the police
man a battle before he would submit to
being taken into custody. Judge Mo
gan found Gardner guilty of battery
and will mete out the proper punish
ment this morning. Gardner is a clerk.
John O. Burns imagined a vain thing
when he thought he could convict John
Vehy and Dan Shaugnessey of battery
before Judge Cabaniss yesterday.
Burns is a watchman for the Santa Fe
and was engaged on Christmas night
in guarding two carloads of turkeys.
He claimed- that other cars of fowls
had been tampered with during the
holiday season and he was especially
watchful on the night In question. He
found two men loitering on the tracks
and ordered them away under pain of
being made to look like pieces of Swiss
cheese from the holes he would bore
in V with his trusty gun. One of
the men "smoked his lamp" with a well
directed blow and' the- gun proposition
was forgotten in this moment of ex
citement. Vehy proved he was far from,
the scene where the watchman had his 1
mix-up and Shaugnessey- showed very
clearly that he was in no way aggres
sor in the conflict and Was not intent
on stealing fowl. Both men were dis
missed.
L. B. Whitney claims to be a com
mercial traveler for a lace house in
Xew York. He was arresft:d by. De
tective Tom Gibson Sunday night on
the complaint ef James Doolittle of the
St. Nicholas Hotel, who advanced the
traveler. $5*0 -on a check that was only
worth 4 cents a pound when weighed
on the scales of commercialism. There
was no money to meet the demand.it
called fpr. Whitney asked for a long
continuance in order" that he might
communicate with friends resident
on the island called Manhattan. Judge
Cabaniss continued. the case for three
weeks, at which time Whitney believes
he will- bft able to secure funds suffi
cient to satisfy the claims of Doolittie.
The police say that Whitney has been
in difficulty before.
William C. French, ; president and
business agent of the Bridge and Struc
tural Iron Workers' ¦ Union, who l was
arrested Saturday night on the charge
of felony embezzlement, set forth his
case before Judge Cabaniss yesterday
through his attorney. He was accused
of withholding $100 which the organiza
tion appropriated for the burial of
George Nottingham,- the footpad who
killed himself at 128 $Coe street. It
was shown that the constitution of the
order provided that the money should
be paid to the decedent, and French
claimed that ho really did not know
Nottingham's present address and had
no means of ascertaining how to for
ward the money to him. Under his
counsel's advice he had retained the
money pending proper disposal of it.
Prosecutor Hanley asked for a contin
uance until Wednesday and intimated
that there were other charges of irreg
ularities that would be preferred
against French by the union.
Judge to the defendant. "It is better
Three Charges of Battery Are Registered Against Man in
Police Court Because a Turkey Was D3formed— -Henry
Jackson Nearly Escapes the Strong Clinch of the Law
GIVES BATTLE
TO SOLDIERS
UNITY EFFECTED
BY CARPENTERS
BREAKS INTO
CIGAR STORE
FILCHER'S FIND
MAKES MYSTERY
PASTORS PLAN
A "HOLY WAR"
ADAMS' AWKWARD CARVING
MAKES TROUBLE FOR HIM
THE SAN- ..FRAN'CISCO CALL. -TUESDAY.- DECEMBER 29; 190S.
%Ve; are selling agents for fountain
pens that will fit your hand. : Cost 'from
$1.00 to. $5.00' each.. ¦ Gao'd" for New
Year's. Sanborn. Vail & Co. •
* -M. J. .Jerome' fell' from a swinging
scaffold at 655 Harrison street yes
terday, a distance of fifty feet, to the
sidewalk.. He . was • severely, cut on
the face," both his hands were broken
and. he 'received internal injuries. He
is in a precarious state.
Painter Falls 'Fifty Feet.
Terry Russell sustained a fracture
of his left leg yesterday at the Risdon
Iron Works through a heavy iron plate
falling on it.
Leff Broken by Iron Plate.
. William Giselman, trustee of tho
Hastings, estate, is rapidly recovering
and will soon be out again. Mr. Gei
selman was operated on at the Wai
deck Sanatorium for appendicitis
about two weeks, ago and passed
through the trying ordeal very satis
factorily. >;-"•
Glsclmnn Recovering.
5
Have You Seen 'Em?
1*|L ft Xft THEGREATESmLE
...FOR... .
Men, Boys and Children
EVER' HELD^=
SLAUGHTER!
SLAUGHTER!
SLAUGHTER!
-oc ;
SALE NOW GOING ON AT
997 and 999 MARKET,K
(VERTISEMENTS.
rPUCE YOUR QRBE1S EARLYJ
|j%20th GENTURYl
1 COOK BOOK [
Another shipment will
arrive about .January 21,
' 1804. —
; in order to satisfy the
j demand for this premium
, we have ordered another
carload of these books,
I a tid all persons sending to
The Cook Book Depart-
ment of tills paper a six
months' subscription to
The Daily and Sunday
Call may secure one of the
Twentieth Century Cook
Books at the premium
, rate of 50c.
I Oui-oMown subscribers should remit I
¦ 20: addiHsnil to prepay transportation I
f charges. [^, J. - ¦ — ~ — ; ¦
English statesmen are evidently exercising every pos
sible element of statecraft to find a way out of the diffi
culty into which their alliance with Japan has involved
them. It is not particularly gratifying to throw one's self
into a row for new found friends, but it, is a reasonably
safe wager, that England will find a way neither to of
fend Japan nor to harass Russia.
"Because you can never make' them
kneel. I have always to lay my doll
down on her stomach to say *h.er
prayers."— Glasgow Evening Times.
"Why. not, my child?"
"Mamma, I don't think the people
who make dolls are very pious people,"
said a little girl to her mother one day.
IF the Panama treaty is ratified, we vwill immediately
pay to the new republic $10,000,000 and to the.Ffench
company $40,000,000, which takes over all of its rights
in the canal and also its interest in the Panama railway,
the use of which is an economical feature in the con
struction of the canal. These two sums are the first pay
ment which assures the canal. It has been supposed in
some quarters that a bond issue, adding to the interest
bearing debt of the United States, would be necessary to
raise so quickly that large amount of money: But the
treasury has a cash balance available of $226,383^128 on
hand, of which $168,132,955 is in depository bonds and
drawing no interest. ' The administration does not pro
pose to carry this dead capital unusedand borrow money
on which interest must be paid. So' the $50,000,000 re
quired' will be drawn from the depository funds.
Once when finances and appropriations were under dis
cussion in Congress, John Randolph of Roanoke sprang
to his feet and cried out: "I have found the philosopher's
stone. It is, pay as you go." President Roosevelt has
found the philosopher's stone, and by paying as we go
will do more than merely start the canal. He will use
fully reduce the surplus, so as to remove from Congress
the temptation; to lavish appropriations, , and will save
to the country interest on -this^initial payment, Ifr'is a
THE CANAL FUND.
VARIOUS ANSWERS— S.. Suisun.
Cal. California at the last held Prvsl
dential election had nine electoral
votes and Nevada three. The ratk» of
representation in the United States
House of Representatives, according to
the census of 1900, will, up to 1913. be
194,182. California's Representatives to
Congress are J. N. Gillette. Eureka;
Theodore A. Bell, Napa; V. H. Metcalf,
Oakland; E. J. Livernash. San Francis
co; W. J. Wynn, San Francisco: J. C.
Needham, Modesto; J. McLachlan, Jx>a
Angeles; M. J. Daniels cf Hiversid?.
The Senators from California ar«
George C. Perkins of Oakland antl
Thomas R. Bard of Hueneme. Th«
manner of Electors meeting and casting
ballots is~fcrovided for by article XII
of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States. The time and place
for meeting of such Is fixed by each
State. W. H. Beatty is the Chief Jus
tice of California. Melville W. Fuller
Is the Chief Justice of the United
States.
Townscnd's California glace fruits and
candles. SOc a pound, in ariistlc fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market at., above Call bldg. *
Special information supplied daily to '
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A person can now go from New York
to Seattle, on Puget Sound, in four
days.
The Paris Government is hopefully of the opinion that
the French people can never again be excited over the
Dreyfus affair, but will tire of it quickly and drop it lan
guidly. If this opinion may be strengthened by the posi
tive assurance that everybody else on earth has tired of
this case long ago the French Government should circu
late it immediately.
COMMUNITY PR6PERTT— A. O.
S., City, On the subject of commun
ity property the Civil Code of this
State says: "The husband haa the
management and control of the com
munity property, with the like abso
lute power of disposition, other than
testamentary, as of his own separate
estate; provided, however, that he
cannot make a gift of such 'commun
ity property or convey the same with
out a valuable consideration unless
the wife, in writing, consents thereto."
SLEEP— R. N., Ketchikan, Alaska.
"Does a brain worker or a physical
worker require most sleep?" is a ques
tion that cannot be answered in a gen
eral way, as age. condition, climate
and occupation and a variety of inci
dental causes must be taken into con
sideration. As a rule tall and bulky
people require more sleep than short
and thin ones and men require more
sleep than women. In extreme old ag*
much sleep is needed.
AN OLD TIME MURDER— San
Franciscan, City. The strangling of
Caroline Prenel, in a house on "Waver
ly place, for the murder of which
Charles Mortimer was accused, 00
curred on the 23th of May, 1S72.
A BET — From a subscriber. City. If
a man makes a bet that a certain pu
gilist will not fight another named pu
gilist, and he does not fight him, why
the bet explains itself.
T Anszvcrs to Queries.
That a mere handful of men— a
moiety of the population of your great
city— should have succeeded by com
bined action and unscrupulous methods
in so manipulating markets as to buy
fresh and dried fruits at 2 or 3 cents
per pound from the producer and sell
it to the consumer at 10 to 15 cents per
pound would be Incredible if you had
not proved beyond question that it was
so; and when it is also shown that In
furtherance of their nefarious schemes'
lar'ge quantities of fruit 'were allowed to
lie and spoil and be dumped into the
bay, while what they delivered to con
sumers was at a price that put it out
of the reach of many poor families,
whose little children, pinched with hun
ger, cried for food that had ruthlessly
been thrown away, we have an exhibi
tion of unfeeling, selfish greed that is
Intolerable.
Let us now hope that a keynote has
been struck that will eventually sound
the requiem of all such doings. If so It
will do more for the good of the pro
ducers and consumers of deciduous fruits
all over this blessed land of sunshine,
fruits and flowers than all the fruit
growers' conventions that have ever
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: Inves
tigation of the methods of the whole
sale and retail dealers, the brokers, the
jobbers, the speculators, all middlemen
between the producer and consumer of
food products, notably fruit and veg
etables, in your city has clearly proven
the wisdom of the Woodward law and
the necessity of its execution by the
Board of Harbor Commissioners, who
will unquestionably have the encour
agement and support of a vast major
ity of your citizens. They already have
that representative of business men,
the Board of Trade, and the far-reach
ing and powerful influence of the news
paper press in their support.
Among the most interested consumers
are those working for low salaries, as
shown by your reports, and many of
them have more than ordinary intelli
gence, and having such powerful In
centive will soon become capable lead
ers of those of less ability and educa
tion. All others of limited means will
sympathize with them, and some of
them will become active workers in
educating and enlightening the ig
norant and poorer classes upon the sub
ject of the abuses that you have un
earthed that deprive them of food that
ought to be easily within their reach.
All churches and benevolent institu
tions and associations will naturally
sympathize and co-operate with a
movement having for its main object
the help of the needy, and will see In
this a broad field that is destined soon
to become ripe unto the harvest, and
will enter in and work. Politicians, who
are good when It is convenient, will
scent the battle from afar and begin to
trim their sails, ready to fall' into line
with the majority, and if made an issue
In a political campaign it will elect
every municipal officer from the Mayor
down.
The Call Is pleased to publish communica
tions from its readers in these columns, pro
vided that they do not contain any personal
sting which would compromise the paper in
any way. It further wishes to make the res
ervation that the publication of the sentiments
of Its readers does not indicate that the paper
concurs in them.
Supports Commissioners.
The hip lock is of use at all times
and has many variations. But its
chief value occurs when your oppo
nent leads, especially if he is also
rushing you.
You can work the trick either on
the right or left side, according as ho
leads with right or left. The one grip
ii obtained in like manner with the
other, except that it is tried from op
posite sides and with opposite hands.
Let us suppose, for instance, that your
antagonist leads for you with his left.
Bring your head far enough to the
right to avoid his blow and step for
ward past him with the left foot.
Step far enough beyond him to allow
your left hip to come just behind his
left hip. As you step forward throw
your left arm around his waist and
bring up your right hand across your
body until it lies across his throat.
Now you are in position. Push for
ward simultaneously with both arms
And' bend the upper part of your body
forward, thus throwing him across
your left leg, your hip acting as a
lever. He must fall, and fall hard,
especitlly If you do the whole thing
too quickly to permit him to steady
himself by catching hold df , you.
Should a man try to work this "hip
lock" on you simply move your left
leg to the left far enough to prevent
him from stepping past you. This is
an absurdly simple guard for so clever
a trick, but it is absolutely effective.
Speaking of feet brings me to a
very dangerous trick in the street
fighter's scanty repertoire, namely,
the kick. If a tough gets a
chance to do so he will kick.
If his kick lands as he in
tends it to your share of the fight will
be at an end. Therefore do not allow
it to land. Be on the lookout for a
kick. When one is. aimed at you you
can do one of two things: First, jump
in, too close to him for the kick to
have any effect, and floor him while he
is on one foot and consequently, off
his balance; or jump back out of
reach and seizing his foot as it is ex
tended pull him over; or else, pulling
the foot upward with both hands you
car. whirl about, bringing the man's
whole body over your shoulders to the
ground by bending suddenly over and
drawingJhe imprisoned foot sharply
forward^"o do the latter a knowledge
of leverage is necessary. I will deal
v ith this question of leverage a little
further on. .
For the present let us go back to
the subject of the hip lock.
In a street fight, nine times out of
ten, your opponent will lead with his
right hand instead, of with his left.
The knowledge of this peculiarity
should give you a great advantage
over him. He will lead with the right
because to the average untrained man
the use of the right hand in striking
cftmes more, natural than does that of
the left. Be prepared then for a pre
ponderance of right-hand blows, and
study beforehand how best to block
and counter them.
The street fighter will usually (es
pecially if he be a workingman who
is strong but does not understand box
ing) strike downward from above in
preference to sending in a straight
blow. ' All you have to do, thus, is to
catch his blow with a high guard and
land on him wherever you please with
your other hand. Here is where a
knowledge of the straight counter
(described In the previous lesson)
should stand you in good stead.
He is also likely to be clumsy on his
feet, which will make your footwork
the easier and the more effective.
(Athletic Exnert Now York JSvoninc World,
Author of "Muscle IJuIlJlng." etc.)
(Copyright. 190:!, by Joseph B. Howies.)
r»Y ALBERT fATBON TERHTJNE.
Some Useful Tricks.
Apart from his occasional attention
to gardening, Mr. Chamberlain is prob
ably as busy when at Highbury as dur
ing his heaviest official work. His cor
respondence and public duties have
rather increased than otherwise with
his relinquishment of official life. Two
hundred letters on an average are re
ceived by him each day"; all are read
and answered personally, with the aid
of a private secretary and competent
shorthand writers. This correspond
ence has to be dealt with most care
fully; for artful opponent? are forever
laying cunning traps for the Birming
ham statesman, and too faithful friends
are but little less troublesome with
their suggestions and conundrums.
The House is beset with newspaper
correspondents, with whom Mr. Cham
berlain is always popular. He ta':ka
freely with them and fully appreciates
the power and influence of the press;
yet no correspondent has ever extract
ed a secret from him. He works far
into the night, Parliamentary life hav
ing accustomed him to late hours.
Three in the morning often finds him
still at his desk. His speeches are care
fully prepared, and are privately de
claimed to his secretary the day before
delivery, the statesman meanwhile
smoking a brier pipe or a fat black
cigar.— Booklovers* Magazine.
Chamberlain at Home.
The extent to which our shipbuilding industry has
declined by reason of the sweeping of our merchant
marine from the deep seas may be estimated from the
statement in the report of the committee that the inves
tigation was undertaken "at a time when American
ship building is in a state of unprecedented stagnation,
when not a single new steamship has been contracted
for in an American shipyard for nearly three years."
The report goes on to say:
"We find that American vessels engaging in our ocean
trade are to-day compelled to meet a more serious and
a more destructive competition than ever before, largely
through the vast subsidies and bounties that foreign
Governments are now paying to their merchant ships.
We realize that the purposes for which these subsidies
and bounties are paid to their merchant ships by foreign
Governments are chiefly military in order that there shall
be available auxiliary cruisers, scouts, transports, col
liers, supply ships and such other vessels, with their
trained and experienced officers and men, as are essen
tial to the uses of the Government in time of war. And
we further realize that the unprecedentedly low, freight
rates resulting from these subsidies and bounties re
ceived by foreign merchant ships render successful and
profitable competition on the part of unprotected vessels
built in the United States and officered and manned by
our own citizens absolutely impossible."
Referring to President Roosevelt's recommendation
that the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of Com
merce and Labor and the Postmaster General be in
cluded in any commission Congress may authorize to
investigate ways and means for promoting pur merchant
marine, the committee recalls the interesting fact that
under the administration of Washington Congress asked
that Jefferson, who was then Secretary of State, prepare
a report on "the privileges and resTrictions of the com
merce of the United States." The report made by Jef
ferson at that, time is in many respects pertinent to the
situation to-day. Among other things he said:
"If particular nations grasp at undue shares of our
commerce, and more especially if they seize on the
means of the United States to convert them into aliment
for their own strength and withdraw them entirely from
the • support of those to whom they belong, defensive
and protective measures become necessary on the part
of the nation whose maritime resources are thus in
vaded, or it will be disarmed of its defense; its produc
tions will be at the, mercy of the nation which has pos
sessed itself exclusively of the means of carrying them
and its policies will be influenced by those who com
mand its commerce. /If we lose the seamen and artists
whom it now employs we lose the present means of
marine defense and time will be requisite to raise up
pthers when disgrace and losses shall bring home to our
feelings the disgrace of having abandoned them."
Jefferson is renowned among men of his time as a far
sighted statesman. More clearly than any one else"of
high station he foresaw the coming greatness of the
Union and the difficulties that would perplex its people.
Rarely, however, was he more far-sighted than when he
wrote those words. Indeed they now appear almost like
a prophecy. Our commerce has been made to serve as
the support of the merchant marine of other nations
who have grasped at undue shares of commerce. We
have seen our country deprived of the merchant fleets
that should be rightly counted among its maritime de
fenses. The situation is such as to call for the imme
diate earnest attention of Congress , and the matter
should be taken up at the present session.
LAST June the Maritime Association of the port of
New York appointed a committee to investigate
the decline of American shipping in the foreign
, carrying trade of the country and to report upon the best
means of promoting the industry. The committee has
now submitted its report to the President and the facts
'disclosed show a condition of affairs that is by no means
creditable to either our patriotism or to our reputation
for business sagacity.
The facts disclosed by the investigation are briefly
summarized thus: "We find that despite the quadrupling
of our foreign commerce our tonnage under register has
declined from 2,496,894 tons in 1861 to 873,235 tons in
1902, and that while, American vessels carried 72.1 per
cent of our exports in 1861 they carried but 6.6 per cent
in 1902."
COMMERCE WITHOUT STRIFE.
"I was taking a kodak snap of the
election count in a booth in the western
portion of the city on the day of elec
tion," said Professor Marcus Blurn,
usher to the Mayor, the other evening,
".when a big colored fellow whom I had
met some place but" could not place
bid me good evening. I gave him a cor
dial greeting as if I had known him
very well. 'Mr. Blum,' he said, 'who is
going to be our next Mayor?' I replied
that I thought Schmitz would be re
elected.
" 'Do you think so?' he said.
" 'Why, I certainly do.'
" 'Well, there is a big coon down at
the corner who wants to bet me $3 that
Crocker will be elected,' said the negro.
I told him to go and bet the $5 on
Schmitz; that it was a sure bet. 'Go
and bet him the ?5 and If you losa I
will make you a present of $5.' said I.
"The colored fellow left the booth
and I did not think any more about the
incident. In about a half-hour after
ward I was suddenly interrupted by
some one prodding me In the ribs. I
looked up and there I saw my colored
friend in an excitable state. "Mr.
Blum,' he yelled, 'I bet that coon the
$5; will you give me the number of
your office?' "
r A Sure Game.
The Russian Government has endowed the Governor
of Finland with new powers, arbitrary, exacting .and un
just,, over the people of this sorely oppressed land. Some
day the Czar will inflict one cruelty beyond the limit of
the endurance of the Finns and then we will see one of
those dread spectacles where a downtrodden race fights
for existence, the world giving sympathy but no sup
port.
pains.
And famished, finds his heart the only
food
To keep alive the hope in dreams he
wooed —
Perchance a draught of Circe's cup he
drains.
"We live for life, and 'tis In life we find
Or solace or the pangs of woe and
care;
TVe may not choose, but must accept
the lot
That chance provides; and yet, if you
were kind.
My love. I would know better how to
bear
This saddening solitude, where you
are not.
— Porter Garnett In Sunset.
The hours creep or fly as fate ordains.
The seal of man is vassal to his mood;
Perchance o'er secret sorrows she may
brood
Or revel in the court where Pleasure
reigns.
Perchance he suffers love's sweet-bitter
Chance.
As one passes up the Mohawk Valley
upon the New York Central Railroad
he cannot well help noticing extensive
deposits of well-rounded pebbles and
gravel, rising from fifty to 100 feet
above the river and marking the glacial
floods which poured over from Lake
Ontario into the Mohawk Valley
through the low pass at Rcme, which is
only 200 feet above the lake. During
the period of this -overflow; into the
Mohawk Valley Lake Ontario was
greatly enlarged, and its shore line,
marked by a ridge of gravel and sand
thrown up by the waves, can ba traced
continuously from the Niagara' River
along the level of the " Rome outlet
through all the towns and (ities of Cen
tral New York. This ridge has been
known from the earliest settlement,
since it furnished a convenient location
for roads and building places. ' .
But before the ice had melted from
the Mohawk Valley there was an enor
mous amount of glacial drainage car
ried off through the Finger Lakes and
over the higher passes leading into the
Eusquehanna Valley. The stream pass-
Ing through Seneca Lake. over the site
of Walklns and entering the Susque
hanna at Horeeheads was specially
noteworthy; while the marks of Jhe
In general the effects rf this grpat
increase of the volume of the watvr
poured into tho valleys of the Connec
ticut. Hudson. Susquehanna, Alleghe
ny. Ohio. Mississippi and Missouri riv
ers are evident in the extensive gravel
terraces which line the hanks of all
these Btreams and of their northern
tributaries. Not only were thes^ lines
of drainage compelled to tarry off the
double portion of water annually fur
nished by the rainfall of the two drain
age basins, but they were charged with
several times this amount through the
final melting of the ice which had been
accumulating through many thousand
years. If the spring freshets of each
season are great, the spring freshet of
the glacial period must have been enor
mous, furnishing probably four or flv»
times the anK-unt of water furnished
by the annual rainfall.
The terraces of the Connecticut River
have long been famous, consisting of
deposits of gravel nnd sand rising upon
either bank of the river from fifty to
100 feet cr more above present high
v.ater mark. In the Hudson Valley
they exist as brick clays, extensively
v.orked Jn various places above N«'V
York City, but spreading out into ex
tensive gravel deposits where the Hud-
Bon River comes out from the Adiron
dack Mountains. The sandy plains of
Saratoga were spread out during that
stage of the glacial period, while im
mense streams o? water were turned
over into the Hudson Valley through
Lake Champlain and Lake George. Th™
Champlaln can*! has appropriated a
portion of thi» glacial channel, and
passes frcw the lake to the Hudson
River with a lockage of less than fifty
feet.
• • •
But great as are the direct effects
upon the drainage of Ice of existing
glaciers those brought to light by study
of the glacial period in North America
eurpass them all in wonderful measure.
Naturally the accumulation of ice dur
ing the glacial period began at the
north, and early clogged up the great
lines of drainage^ which lead in that
direction, while after the ice had
reached its farthest limit and began to
melt back the northerly direction of
the drainage could not be resumed un,-"
til the ice had all melted away. Thus
for long reriods the drainage of the
great lakes, which now 'parses down
the St. Lawrence River, was turned
over to swell the volume of the Sus
quehanna and the Ohio rivers, while
all the drainage that now enters Hud
son Bay was turned over Into the val
ley of the Missouri and the Mississippi.
This, any one can see from a slight
Ftudy of the mar>, must have* been) the
case. It has been a most interesting
work of geologists to find these actual
outlets of glacial drainage, and to trace
the effects of this groat addition of
volume to the south-flowing streams
over the northern part of the United
States.
Ice is a rock. At Jhiy rate, ko long as
it lasts it performs all the functions
of rock. A? one steams up the Yukon
Hiver he will often see ahead of him
a forest growing upon a high bank
with precipitous face which at first
sight would to be the enduring
rock of the region. But upon near ap
proach it will turn?out to be an ice
cliff covered with a few. fen of soil
which has been washed <rat upon it in
Kufflcient quantity to support vegeta
•<on. Large forests are growing upon
me Malas:>ina Glacier In Alaska, sev
eral rniN'S back from its front, and
where the toe is 1000 feet thick under it.
In numerous plact-s in the vicinity of
existing glaciers large streams of water
m«y be found running both ppon the
tSffrta&e of the ice and al<mg r _a high
elevation between the ice and The ad
joining highland or mountain chain
which hems it In. Large lakes of water
are also found at high elevating where
they are held in by ice barri-rr-.^ Where
these barriers suddenly burst through,
us they sometimes do, tremendous
floods of water devastate the valley
below. Th«* Mattmark SVa. In Switzer
land, and other bodies of water held
up behind alpine glaciers have been a
constant source of menace to the peace
ful valleys below.
BY O. miZViKUirK V.'BIGHT, A. M. LI- I>>!
(Author of "Thr Ice Ate In North America,""
"Man and the «la<tal PartgS." lite.)
OV.pyr1elit, !'.*«. X'Y Joseph "J». Howies.)
'Ancient Seas of Ice.
been held, 4ts example and influence
will be felt :and heeded in all the large
cities and tjowns of this State and, in
a degree, everywhere that deciduous
fruits are grown.
JAMES D. LADD, VacaviUe.
has in some sections become N lhe terror of horticulture.
The enormous benefit of such work as Mr. Craw's is
seen by a glance at the statistics of our fruit export,
which during the last year has been a thousand carloads
A week. It is estimated that this season's orange export
will reach the high water mark of 36,000 carloads. For
weeks past the tonnage capacity of regular freight trains
out of the Northern California orange belt has been ex
ceeded, and special orange trains have been resorted to
to carry the fruit to~market. The land around the county
poorhousc of Butte County is planted to oranges and the
crop supports the poor of that county. The courthouse
park in Merced is planted to oranges and the crop this
year is 300 boxes. Think of what this means, not only by
way of showing our obligations to theentomologists and
the beneficial insects they have discovered and applied,
but as an evidence of our climate.
Eastern courthouses are surrounded by a few decidu
ous trees, which stand bleak and bare against the cold
winter sky at this season, while in California the statue
of Justice queens it over evergreen orange trees on which
the yellow fruit and the white blossoms for the next crop
appeal to the eye and the taste for the aroma of flowers.
Even the pauper in this State basks in the sun of Decem
ber, in the midst of orange trees laden with fruit, which
provide for him the comforts he requires, and relieve
the taxpayer of a burden which is borne by our climate
and the ladybird. The rest of the horticultural world
will come to California to learn how to fight bugs with
bugs, and .out of that knowledge the grasshopper, the
chinch bug and the Hessian fly, the weevil, and perhaps
the terrible boll worm that threatens to make cotton
growing impossible, will finally be overcome.
We got the San Jose sale from*China. It arrived be
fore we had our immigration laws against such aliens,
and was unfortunately named the San Jose scale, to the
injury of the good name of that splendid fruit region in
the Santa Clara valley. It is now nearly exterminated
here, thanks to another internal parasite and a ladybird
bearing the royal name of Rhizobius Toowoombae. The
San Jose scale was carried East, and as the use of bene
ficial insects is not as well understood there as here it
THE account of the insects beneficial to California
horticulture, written by Alexander Craw, and pub
lished in The Call, is the story of victory over the
minute enemies of the State's prosperity. Time, was
when insects', from grasshoppers down to the chinch bugs,
and still down in the scale of measurement," assailed
crops in the United States, the farmer and planter
folded his hands and lamented, borrowed money to .sub
stitute his Jost crop and waited for the pest to pass by.
The country owes to Horace Greeley and the New
York Tribune the first impulse to the study of ento
mology which is now making man the master of the
; petty enemies of his prosperity. The Tribune had for
! one of its most interesting writers Mrs. Tupper, widely
known as "the bee woman," whose studies of the bee
were the beginning of all our modern honey industry.
Out of them issued the Langstroth movable comb hive
and all of the beneficial devices which have taken the
place of the old haphazard way of robbing the bees and
leaving them to their own devices, without assistance
against their insect enemies and without protection
against famine.
Those studies in entomology turned attention* to the
ravages of our insect enemies/ as well as to the labor of
our insect friends, and now the Agricultural Department
in Washington has in Dr. Chittenden and its other, ento
mologists a skilled corps of, scientific men who devote
themselves to the study of every insect known in the
country, and California has in Mr. Craw a scientific in
sect quarantine officer, who stands guard over all im
ported trees, vines and fruits, to see that foreign insects
injurious to us are. kept out. He is the most important of
ail our foreign immigration agents, and the aliens he
excludes and to which he denies asylum are among the
most dangerous of immigrants.
To the subject of insects, harmful and beneficial, more
attention is given here than in any other State in the
Union. Here was first applied the discovery that there
were insects that feed upon and destroy the various
white, black tind purple scale insects that kill the orange,
olive and other fruit-producing trees. This discovery
has resulted in importing and breeding the various lady
bugs which have made our citrus crop safe. We have
learned the use of another kind of useful insect. The
ladybugs swarm upon scale covered" trees and keep up a
perpetual picnic, increasing as they go, until the orchard
is cleaned entirely. Then Mr. Craw found that we have
a minute insect, a native son of the Golden West, which
properly encouraged moves into the black scale, inhabits
it as a place of residence and proceeds to eat up its habi
tation and then moves with its increased family into
others. This little friend of ours does not increase fast
enough to entirely overtake the black scale, which out
breeds it, but it does destroy from one to three quarters
of the black scale every year, and the black ladybird
from Australia does the rest.
While the verdict was being recorded
he coolly walked out of the room and
went to his quarters, where he packed
his trunk and, after treating all of the
friends whom he met about the hotel,
took the fir3t river boat to San Fran
cisco and there took passage on a Pan
ama steamer for Central America. He
died there a few years ago.
In the meantime the Judge set a
day for judgment and when that time
arrived he ascended the bench and was
about to pass the sentence of the court
on the supposed prisoner, but there
was no prisoner. The Sheriff was called
upon, but that official stated that the
man was on bail and had not been
placed In his custody. The District At
torney was next Interrogated and he,
too, showed that no order had been
given by the court remanding the pris
oner into custody. A convicted mur
derer had simply walked away from
justice through the laxity of its officers.
In the musty archives of Sacramento
can be found the records of a case un
paralleled in any but a real frontier
American State.
It was In the sixties when the city
had a genuine rowdy, Tip McLaughlin,
who never left his gambling quarters
without having his pistol cocked. This
rough had killed several men in his
day, but at last he was jailed and
forced to stand trial for the shooting
of a reputable citizen. His popularity
was such that he was admitted to ball,
it being considered only a mere matter
of form to place him on trial. His
trial ca*me off, however, and, much to
his astonishment, the jury found him
guilty of murder in the first degree,
which meant hanging. The rough was
seated in the courtroom when the jury
rendered its verdict. i
Remarkable Justice.
As the Ice was slowly retreating
over the area occupied by Lake Erie
back to the Niagara escarpment, the
main outlet for the ever-increasing
glacial lake was through an opening at
Fort Wayne. Ind., ieaUing into the Wii
bash River and thence into the Ohio.
This outlet is 200 feet above the pres
ent level of the lake. Consequently
the water, submerged all the land on
(ho south and west sides, of the lake
below that level. The shore line of
this great body of water, to which the
name Luke Warren has been given,
can be easily traced for hundreds of
miles, and, like that south of Lake On
tario, was early chosen for a. highway
and for building sites/ Approaching
each other from Ohio and Michigan,
two gravel ridges come nearly together
at Fort Wayne, leaving there an open
ing from the Maumee into the Wabash
River about a mile wide, revealing an
abandoned river channel, which is still
almost as distinct as when the mighty
current of Niagara, increased by the
annual melting of the mountains of
ice. made this its course of exit to the
pea.
Before the ice had melted from Cen
tral New York the drainage of the
Great Lakes was held up to the level
of the passes from Lake Erie and Lake
Michigan, leading into the valley of
the Mississippi. At first, before the
Ice had melted from Northern
Michigan, where the lakes are united,
there were several independent out
lets. These can be easily traced from
Lake Chautauqua down Conewango
Creek into the valley of the Alleghany,
and down French Creek to a similar
destination, and from Grand River in
Ohio into the Mahoning at Warren,
reaching the Ohio, through Beaver
Creek, twenty-five miles below Pitts
burg. The Ohio River all the way
down is lined with gravel terraces, fre
quently rising more than 100 feet
above the" river, which furnish build
ing sites for the most of the cities
along its course. Fourth street, in Cin
cinnati, is on one of these terraces, 120
feet above the river.
glacial floods in the Sflsquehanna Val
ley are clearly seen at Harrisburg and
other places further down.
subject for congratulation and should appeal to Ameri
can pride, because this is the only nation on earth at this
moment that can reach into its surplus for the money
to pay for such a purpose. Besides this it is clearly
possible that the treasury will be equal to the task of
supplying the money for construction of the canal as the
work progresses. What more forcible object lesson for
the world could be given expository of our resources
and our power than this?
Another fact equally gratifying is that this money, re
leased from the treasury to pay Panama and the French
company, will remain with us, because of the large bal
ance of trade in our favor and against Europe. The
money will simply be turned over to the agents of the
recipients and become a large transaction in interna
tional exchange, and our own money is used to pay the
balance Europe owes\us in trade. This is another fea
ture which could exist now. in no other country. It
comes as near as possible to eating our cake and keep
ing it.
American patriotism is inspired by the appearance of
such possibilities, at a time so favorable for the in
crease of our prestige. Other nations are girding and
belting for destructive war, and are making overtures
for loans in the bourses, to be spent in destruction,
while we reach into our own pockets for the many mill
ions which will begin construction of a work for the
benefit of every nation and the use of the peace promot
ing commerce of all the world. It is one of the con
spicuous triumphs of republican-democratic institu
tions, and will long stand in history to the honor of an i
American President and his administration. j
OUR FRIENDS, THE BUGS.
THE SAN ERANCISCO CALL,/ TUESDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1903.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
TOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . ? Address AH Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication O^ce . <flS§Mk> Tliird and Market Streets, S. F.
TUESDAY • : •' DECEMBER 29, 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
6Mrs. Mary Bartels in Court.
The application of Frank J. Kane
for letters of guardianship over the
persons and estate of the two children
of Mary Bartels, the woman who was
arrested on suspicion of being insane
after she had attempted to burn her
home on Stevenson street, was given a
partial hearing in the Probate Court
yesterday. Mrs. Bartels will offer as
her defense the fact that she was or
dered released by the Insanity Com
missioners and that her condition was
mainly due to ill-health and the perse
cution of her neighbors.
Oppose Stepmother's Petition.
Daniel A. Damkroeger. Emma Ly^
nam and Louisa Klingrnann, children
of the late Gottlcib Damkroeger, filed
an opposition yesterday to the petition
of Caroline Damkroeger, their step
mother, for an allowance out of the
estate of their father. They claim that
the estate is not large enough to per
mit her recei\-in? an allowance of 575
a month, as petitioned for, and claim
that she has property enough of her
own to provide for h?r support-
Petitions in voluntary Insolvency
were also filed as follows: George
Aitchison of the firm of Aitchison &
Johnson, San Francisco merchants,
liabilities 52224, no assets; Edwin
Mohrig. dealer in bicycles, etc., San
Francisco, liabilities 519,379, assets
517,832; Ferdinand Tihista, stock
raiser, Marysville, liabilities 56094,. no
assets.
Creditors of the Yerba Buena Drug
and Chemical Company of 1428 Pow
ell street filed a petition asking to
have the firm declared an involuntary
insolvent. They allege that the com
pany conveyed its stock of goods to
Caroline Castroni with intent to delay
and defraud its creditors and that sev
eral barrels of more or less good whis
ky were spirited away from the prem
ises with like intent to delay and de
fraud the creditors.
James M. Wllkins of the Cliff House
filed a petition in insolvency yester
duy in the United States District
CourL He has only one John
Sroufe, the debt being represented by
two promissory notes aggregating
528,770. Seven hundred dollars' worth
of furniture, books and pictures are
claimed as exempt, and there are no
assets.
Thirty-Eight Thousand Dollars
With No Assets.
States That He Owes John Sroufe
JAMES M. AVI LK INS FILES
PETITION IN BANKRUPTCY
One Is Sentenced to Serve Three Years
in San Quentin Prison and the
Other One Year.
Two prisoners who pleaded guilty to I
burglary in Judge Lawlor's court were
sentenced yesterday. James Daley
was sentenced to serve three years in
San Quentin. On November 3 Daley
broke into the residence of Mrs. Vir- i
ginia, Ford, 151 Hawthorne street, and
stole a few trifling articles, although
several valuable pieces of jewelry were
within his reach. He went to Oakland
that evening and surrendered himself
to the police there. He had previous
ly served a term of one year for bur- I
glary. |
Harry D. Redd, a colored man, was !
sentenced to serve one year in San ''¦
Quentin. He broke into the residence
of Mrs. Sadie Williams, 102 Silver
street, on November 4 and stole 56 50,
a pocketknlfp and a revolver from one
of the rooms. He was honorably dis
charged from the army lart September
after serving with Troop M, Ninth
Cavalry, in the Philippines. There
was no showing of previous criminal
ity against him.
Remove Wasons From Streets.
By order of the Board of Public
Works thirty-six wagons were re
moved from Main, Beale and Spear
streets Sunday and conveyed to the
city corporation yards, where they will
be held until the owners pay the ex
pense of their moving. The manufac
turing and business houses have been
warned repeatedly by the Board of
Public Works to cease using the city
streets as wagon repositories and have
ignored the orders. It is the intention
of the board to see that the city ordi
nances relating to the blocking of
streets are enforced. Among the firms
that wer«» guilty of this practice and
whose wagons were removed are the
Judson Manufacturing. Company and
Henry B. Schindler's wagon factory.
Will Not Issue License,
The Board of Bank Commissioners
will not issue a license to the promot
ers of the United Banking and Trust
Company, which was organized for
the purpose of conducting business in
this city. The company wishes to do
a combination real estate and bank
ing business and the Bank Commis
sion has no authority to issue any but
the regular bank license.
Would Relieve Heirs of Trouble.
• . Arthur Brand yesterday applied to
the Superior Court for letters of ad
ministration upon the estate of the
late Sophie Kahn. He - claims thSit
her two children, Alfred Kahn an»
Sophie Lichenstein, refuse to make
any efforts to have their mother's es
tate probated. The estate is valued
at more than 510,000.
Officers Are Elected.
At the regular meeting of Clan
Fraser No. 78 of Scottish Clans the
following officers were elected for
1S04: Chief. Thomas A. Munro; tanist,
A. R. Calder; past chief. William Cor
mack; chaplain, Hugh Fraser; secre
tary. Alexander King; financial secre
tary. Thomas Wilson; treasurer, M. L.
Crowe; physician. Dr. George Adam;
senior henchman, A. W. McFarlane;
junipr henchman, John Hood; sen
eschal, John T. Smith Jr.; warder,
• William Millar; sentinel, J. O. Fraser;
trustees — William Rae. A. M. Mac
pherson, Charles Adams; pipers — I. S.
R. Tevendale, Adam Ross, R. Murray,
James Sinclair, John Bain. Donald
Beaton; standard-bearer, William Rae.
TWO PRISONERS PLEAD
GUILTY TO BURGLARY
The Supreme Court declined yes
terday to granjt a rehearing in the
percolation case of Katz vs. Walkin
shaw. This means that the owners
of artesian wells may not lawfully
claim title to all the water that may
flow into their reservoirs provided that
other people own adjacent property.
Will Not Grant Rehearing.
The United Railroads of San Fran
cisco has suffered an unexpected loss
of about $50,000 through the break
ing of a piston and resulting damage
to a triple expansion engine at the
generating plant on Bay street, near
Buchanan. The engineer was absent
at the time of the accident and beforo
the steam could be shut off the bijr
steel rod had ripped through about
everying within the d'stance of its
length.
Accident Costs $50,000.
The meeting was presided, over by
Mrs. Lovell White, who was ably as
sisted by Mrs. T. Palache. Mrs. Mary
G. Gorham, Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs.
Schell. Mrs. E. GJazer, Mrs. Poultenay,
Mrs. Fassett, Mrs. Wooster and Mrs. L.
Wagoner.
A pleasing musical programme was
rendered by Mrs. Grace Davis North
rup, Miss Gertrude Hibberd and W.
Fletcher Husband.
The speaker also complimented the
ladies of the Sorosis Club, who secured
Telegraph Hill for public use, and
gave a most interesting history of the
famous landmark.
" There was a large attendance of the
club members and the address of Park
Commissioner Sullivan was listened to
with rapt attention and was frequently
applauded.
Mr. Sullivan detailed the early his
tory of San Francisco and the various
plans to give the city a good park sys
tem. He dwelt on the various plans of
land-grabbers to secure the public
lands which might have been devoted
to park purposes and paid a tribute to
the citizens who worked in order to se
cure the reservation of what is now
Golden Gate Park.
Frank J. Sullivan, Park Commis
sioner, delivered an address yesterday
afternoon before the members of the
Sorosis Club at its rooms, 1620 Cali
fornia street, the subject being "San
Francisco and Its Parks."
Frank J. Sullivan Presents Interesting
Puper Before Lanre Crowd of
Prominent Society Women.
ADDRESSES SOROSIS CLUB
c ON CITY PARK SYSTEM
Miss S. J. McLellan filed a suit yes
terday to recover the sum of 5299 99
from the United Railroads of this city
for injuries received in a collision be
tween an automobile in which she
was riding and a Powell-street car.
Dr. J. C. Stlnson, who was acting as
chauffeur at the time of the accident,
also brought suit to recover a like
amount for the damage done to his
automobile.
The accident happened on Septem
ber 18 last at the junction of Powell
and Eddy streets. Dr. Stinson guided
his machine between a north and a
south bound car with the result that
it was completely demolished and its
passengers thrown to the ground. Dr.
Stinson escaped without injury* but
Miss McLellan was severely hurt.
Mls s S. J. MeLcllnn and Dr. J. C. Stin
son Seek Jto Recover Damages for
Injuries to Persons and Mobile.
The question agitating the minds of
many members of the department Is
what will the Commissioners do in re
gard to Captain Dunlevy?
The Police Commissioners at their
meeting to-night will take up the mat
ter of filing the vacancy caused by the
death of Captain Birdsall. The pro
gramme was mapped out to place Cap
tain Dunlevy on the retired list at the
regular quarterly meeting of the Pen
sion Board and assign Lieutenant
Duke to fill the vacancy, as 'he is fa
miliar with the district. This would
enable the board to assign Lieutenant
Burnett to take charge of the Central
district.
The only drawback to the carrying
out of the programme is the desire of
Captain Dunle\~/ not to be retired for
another three months for pri%*ate rea
sons. This question will be settled at
to-night's meeting. If the Commis
sioners decide to grant Dunlevy's re
quest Duke will have to be assigned to
the Central district, with which he is
unfamiliar, and at the end of three
months Burnett would be assigned to
the harbor district, with which he is
unfamiliar.
Police Commissioners Will Take Defi
nite Action on the Matter at To-
Nijrfifs Mentis.
RETIREMENT OF CAPTAIN
Dl'NLEVY TO BE SETTLED
SUIT BROUGHT AGAINST
THE UNITED RAILROADS
Dr. Donald McLean was taken to
the City Prison yesterday by Detec
tives O'Dea and Mulcahy and will be
booked on a charge of grand larceny.
He is accused of having stolen several
instruments, valued at 5250, from a
physician at 8 Mason street, with
whom he was employed as an assist
ant. The instruments were recovered
by the detectives.
McLean claims to be a graduate of
the University of Edinburgh, Scotland.
He came here some years ago, got
married and was divorced. He has
been a slave to the liquor habit and
has not been in active practice for
some years. The physician ?at 8 Mason
street took pity upon him and gave
him employment. McLean, it is al
leged, broke open the cases contain
ing the instruments and sold them.
Dr. Donald McLean Is Accused in
Complaint of Stealing Instruments
From His Employer.
Chinese Laborers returning to the
United States from Hawaii or the*
Philippines will be treated by the Chi
nese bureau as though they came from
Hongkong or any other foreign port.
Such is the substance of a decision
transmitted to United States Immigra
tion Commissioner Hart North by
James R. Garneld, acting Secretary of
the Department of Commerce and La
bor.
The decision was rendered in the
matter of Cheng Fong, a laborer who
obtained a certificate of residence at
Fresno in this State. He shipped on
the United States steamer Pathfinder
on October 12, 1901, for the voyage
to Manila and return and therefore
did not obtain a return certificate. At
his own request he was discharged at
Manila, where he remained for some
time. He arrived here on the Logan
on November 14 and was denied a
landing on the ground that the Phil
ippines were foreign territory so far
as the operation of the Chinese ex
clusion act was concerned.
Chinese Laborers May Not Enter the
United States From the Islands
Without Certificates.
PHILIPPINES CONSIDERED
AS FOREIGN TERRITORY
PHYSICIAN' ARRESTED OX
GUAM) LARCENY CHARGE
The recent benefit performances at
the Grand Opera-house in aid of the
widows' and orphans' fund of the
Fire Department resulted in a profit of
510,000 to the worthy cause. With the
private subscriptions, including one of
$5000 from Claus Spreckels. the firemen
now have more than $15,000 in their
treasury.
With the tickets sold by the firemen
and the cash taken in at the doors of
the opera-house, the gross receipts cf
the week amounted to 515,000. The ex
penses of renting the theater and pay
ing the company that appeared there,
together with the cost of putting the
famous fire scenes, totaled up to a little
more than $5000, leaving a handsome
balance for the widows' and orphans'
fund.
Chief Sullivan and Assistant Chief
Dougherty and all the men of the Fir-»
Department feel deeply gratified at the
support given to the benefit by the
general public.
Assistant Chief Dougherty personally
supervised the staging of the famous
fire scenes and Dominick R. Conniff of
the Fire Commissioners' office super
vised the business end of the week's
benefit.
The desire to witness the thrilling
work of th<» firemen, as presented on
the Grand Opera-house stage was so
great that it would have been possible
to continue the fire scenes for a second .
week.
The firemen, however, feel that th3
public has responded so generously
that when the second annual benefit is
given the citizens will- again give
hearty support to the cause of tho3»
left behind by the men of the depart
ment who risk their lives in fighting
fire and saving life.
The firemen do not depend upon the
public entirely to help the funds of the
widows' and orphans' fund. The men
contribute $1 each a month out of their
pay in addition to their contributions
to the sick benefit fund which they
maintain.
The officials of the Widows' and Or
phans' Aid Association of the Fire De
partment are:
President, J. W. Reilly: vice presi
dent, Charles Murray, engineer, of en
gine No. 2; directors, Frank Cummings,
driver truck No. 2; E. A. McKittrick,
battalion chief; Captain James Rad
ford, captain engine No. 25; E. I.
Church, Commissioner's office; James
McGowan, engine No. 28; John Doher
ty, captain engine No. 17, and D. R.
Conniff, Fire Commissioners' office,
treasurer and secretary.
The ordinance provides for the man
ner of the sale of the bonds, which are
to bear interest at the rate of- 3& per
cent per annum, payable semi-an
nually. Accounts shall be kept of th?
funds created for the redemption of the
bonds and the payment of the interest
thereon, for which a special tax shall
be levied at the same time that the
general tax levy is fixed.
Any purchaser of the coupon bonds
may avail himself of the privilege of
exchanging the same for registered
bonds as provided for in an act of the
Legislature entitled "An act in relation
to municipal bonds," approved Feb
ruary 28, 1903, the provisions of which
are made applicable to tile bonds pro
vided by the ordinance.
While provision is made for the is
suance of 29,778 bonds, it is not intend
ed to sell them all at once, but only in
such amounts as are- needed to carry
out the improvements.
The Mayor's veto of the ordinance
taking from him the appointment of
the position of poundmaster, now held
by H. O. Irwln, and placing the power
in the board's hands, was ordered
printed for one day and referred to the
joint Committee on Finance, Police and
License and Orders, from which it ¦em
anated. The clerk of the board was
directed to furnish each Supervisor
with a copy of the transcript of testi
mony in the hearing of charges
brought against Poundmaster Irwin.
The resignation of John S. Banner
man, assistant clerk of the Board of
Supervisors, was accepted and Super
visor Loughery, whose term expires on
January 8, 1U04, was elected to fill the
vacancy. The appointment of Lough
ery is to take effect January 9. Ban
nerman, who was a faithful clerk, re
signs to take up the practice of law.
The position pays a salary of 5125 per
month and Loughery, who was thus
honored by his colleagues, Is in every
way fitted fqr it.
The Boar.d of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print a proposed ordinance
providing for the issuance, sale and re
demption of several bonds in the a.q
aggregate amount of 51",771;000, for
which the people voted at a recent elec
tion, for the purpose of constructing
new schoolhouses, a hospital and sewer
system, repairing accepted streets, con
structing a new county jail and a pub
lic library and acquiring lands for pub
lic parks and children's playgrounds.
Resolved, further, that said commission be
and is hereby requested and directed to furnish
a list Fhowlnir the numes, salaries and posi
tions of all temporary appointees who are
subject to the civil service provisions of the
charter. In each of the departments in the
city government, as certified December 1, 1003.
Braunhart said that the resolution
was preliminary to another he would
introduce at a later date directing that
civil service examinations be held im
mediately ft>r the positions not now in
cluded in the merit system.
"It seems to be- the opinion of the
people and of the members of this
board," said Braunhart, "that sufficient
time has elapsed since the charter went
into effect for the holding of all the
examinations for positions in the vari
ous city departments. I believe that the
proposed bond issue ;w r ould not have
been successful at the polls if the peo
ple had not been under the impression
that the expenditure of the money
would be carried out under civil ser
vice regulations."
The board postponed action for one
week on the proposed ordinance pro
hibiting the operation of the com
pressed air carpet and house cleaning
machines on public streets, to give the
opponents of the measure an opportu
nity to be heard.
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion
that it is within the power of the board
to regulate the' operation of such ma
chines on the public streets by the
passage of the ordinance, but the
clause "this ordinance shall not affect
engines or machinery used in the pros
ecution of public work" would render
the measure invalid. Lane holds there
is no power in the board to permit such
engines when used for one class of
work and prohibit them as to other
classes of work. The ordinance would
only be legal if made applicable to all
engines operated by motive power upon
any sidewalk or public street, Lane
says.
Resolved, That the Board of Civil Service
Commissioners be and It is hereby requested and
directed to inform this board what examinations
have been held for eligible^ in the public serv
ice in accordance with the provisions of arti
cle XIII of the charter, other than for pro
motions In the Police and Fire departni|nts, for
the calendar year begtnning January^, lUOi;
and
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
began preliminary proceedings toward
a proposed Investigation into the al
leged slowness of the Civil Service Com
mission in holding examinations. The
Supervisors adopted, under suspension
of the rules, the following resolution,
introduced by Supervisor Braunhart:
Grades were ordered established on
Potrero avenue. Central avenue, Go
deus street and Waller street.
The roadway of Fourteenth street,
between Noe and Sanchez, was condi
tionally accepted.
The ordinance granting the Asso
ciated Oil Company permission to lay a
pipe line from a point on Berry street,
between Sixth and Seventh, to Sixth
street, to Townsend and to the storage
tank of the San Francisco Gas Com
pany- was passed to print, with the
amendment that the pipe line be laid
on the northerly side of Townsend
street.
Kruttschnitt also filed a memoran
dum of property owned and controlled
by the Southern Pacific Company front
ing on the northeasterly side of Fourth
street southerly from Channel street,*
and fronting on the easterly side of
Kentucky street. Commencing at Chan
nel street the property includes blocks
43, 44. 4r,, 47, 418, 417, 41C. 415. 414, 413. 412,
also the southerly 250 feet, of Mock 406
and the northerly 200 feet of block 405.
The company will file deeds to the strip
of land ten feet wide to be taken from
the blocks named to widen Fourth and
Kentucky streets, this being another
condition under which the franchise
was granted.
City Attorney Lane advised the
Board of Park Commissioners that the
market place lots bounded by Channel,
Hooper, Irwin. Fifth and Hudson
streets are under the jurisdiction of the
Board of Supervisors and are scheduled
among the city and county properties.
The Park Commission held that the
lots had been reserved for park pur
poses and the Board of Supervisors had
no right to lease them to the Southern
Pacific Company for terminal purposes
in connection with the new bay shore
franchise.
Julius Kruttschnitt, general manager
and fourth vice president of the com
pany, filed a communication with the
board, in which he states that the ap
praisement made by City Engineer
Grunsky of damages aggregating $75,
000 to property in the district affected
by the proposed changes of street grades
along the line of the bay shore route is
acceptable to the company, which will
pay to the property holders the
amounts respectively awarded to them.
The company will also bear the ex
pense of putting each of the improved
streets affected into a like condition of
improvement at the proposed new ele
vations. Written agreements to that
effect will be filed with the board im
mediately. Attorney Kierce, represent
ing several property holders, asked if
the stipulation to improve the. streets
applied to t!fr sidewalks. City Engineer
Grunsky said that it did, and to this
Jere Burke, attorney for the company,
assented. .„,
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
finally passed the ordinance granting
to the Southern Pacific Company a
fifty-year franchise to operate a steam
railroad along the bay shore as a "cut
off" line. The vote on final passage was
unanimous.
Supervisor Wil?on also conducted a
personal investigation on his own ac
count and found that Po-me of the ma
chines had been used for the entire
quarter and the owners were cited con
tinually by the Police Commission for
failing to take the machines out. The
ordinance authorizing the refund of the
licences will come up for final passage
next Monday, but will be withdrawn
to permit the Finance Committee to
investigate further before allowing the
claims, which Supervisor Wilson says
will be materially reduced.
The proposed investigation in the al
leged excessive demands of J. J. Doyle
tor $2000 for ten horses and 52475 for
nine horses purcha^-d by the Fire De
partment was not held at yesterday's
meeting of the Board of Supervisors
owing to the fact that none of the Fire
Commissioners had seen lit to heed the
Invitation of the board to be present
and give testimony regarding the pur
chase of the horses. Braunhart called
attention to the fact that horses had
been purchased last year for 5165 each,
and he desired to have it explained
why the price had been raised to $300.
Braurt" art wanted subpenas issued for
the Fire Commissioners- and other wit
nesses, but It was decided to request
their presence at the next meeting,
when the matter will be fully threshed
out.
As a preliminary to the fixing ot^rates
to be charged for lighting during the
next fiscal year the board adopted a
resolution directing: the chief of the
Department of Electricity to furnish
the board not later than January 5,
1904, with a list of all persons, com
panies and corporations engaged in the
business of supplying heat, light and
power to this city or its inhabitants.
"The 'money' machines are prohib
ited; the '.hunter card' machines are
not. They are not designat/>d by the
petitioners^ and neither the Police De
partment r*i»r the license office can ver
ify the claims as being 'money' ma
chines."
Expert Cyril Williams yesterday filed
a report with the Supervisors* Finance
Committee in the matter of the petition
of slot machine owners for the refund
of licenses paid for the quarter ending
October 1. 1902, on the plea that the
machines had been ordered out by the
Police Commission before the expira
tion of the quarter. Williams says in
liis report that the amount paid on 422
machines was $4220. and claims aggre
gating $4550 for the return of the
licenses have been filed. The report
concludes:
Lane Holds Board Cannot Ex
empt Cleaning Machines Used
in City Work From Restriction
Department Will Give Annual
Entertainment for Cause of
Those Left in Need by Death
Fire Commissioners Fail to Ap
pear at the Inquiry Into High
Prices Charged for Horses
Robert J. Loughery Appointed
Assistant Clerk to Succeed J.
" S. Ban nerman, Who Resigned
Corporation to Transfer Land
Necessary for the Widening of
Fourth and Kentucky Streets
RESOLUTION ON SUBJECT
DONATIONS EXCEED $5000
TO COXSrDER MAYOR'S VETO
DAMAGES WILL BE PAID
BOARD'S ORDER IGNORED
Recent Benefit for Widows'
and Orphans' Association
Clears Profit of $10,000
Supervisors Begin Investiga
tion Into Alleged Slowness
in Holding of Examinations
Supervisors' Finance Committee
Finds Claims Aggregate More
Than Amount Paid to City
Board of Supervisors Passes
Ordinance to Raise Money
for Public Improvements
Finally Passes Bill for Right
of Way for Bay Shore Line to
the Southern Pacific Company
FIREMEN FEEL
MOST GRATEFUL
CIVIL SERVICE
IS UNDER FIRE
BOARD GRANTS
THE FRANCHISE
STOPS REFUND
OF LICENSES
ORDERS BONDS
TO BE ISSUED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1903.
7
flRHEUMATISM'^i
tfllielpieos, fhyslc si and FioaacUJ rafier no longer B
IjFor information. writs SAN LUIS HOT SUL-M
Sfkur sp.iwcs. San luis obispo, CalJI
ADVERTISEMENTS."
COTTOLENE.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
__|I|!^§^^L_. || For Infants and Children.
Kind You Have
P^jiteialll I Always Bought
simulating the Food andBeguIa- i . . g
tmgtheStomcteaMBowelsof M jJOaXS tll8 g t
— ; — — iff] »siQrnnfnTP f JCi. %«^
Promotes Digcstion,ChecrfuJ- M 0 %fj&
ness and Rest.Contains neither I| n r gi JJ g if
OpiunuNforphine nor Mineral. H UI JpiiWf
KOT^ARCOTIC. h fivWCP*
JiKveafCMLrSiKUELPHWER : 4, | \/\r
silx.ScnttA * 1 -,V-3 HjTh ¦
j<iwf ,wa * I in) a Ta^l \ h n
&%%&«*. ) i f\ ft Ji> hi
i^yf^Tlnm ) U Jf& B lift A
Apcrfecl Remedy forConslipa- H I 11 IP UOU
Turn, Sour Stomach, Diarrhoea m I Ilk/
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- ill if P A y flifAP
ness and Loss of Sleep. If V/« I* 11 1 llVRl
Facsimile Signature of |
#z**f&^^ I Thirtu Ypflro
NEW YDHK. H Illlliy lUUl O
THE CtMTAU* COMMNV. K(W VOMH CITY,
AMX7SEMHNT3.
' THE LAUGHING HIT.
ARE Funniest H
s YOU Farce N
A in K
* MASON? Years - fl
\ Special Matinee New Year's. Q
S Next— HAPPT HOOLIGAN. W
W^-vcvxx >ax tsi. *y
COLUMBIA K£
Encasement Limited to Two Weeks.
MATINEE SEW YEAR'S AND SATURDAYS.
CHARLES FROHMAN Fresents
Clyde Fitch's Beat Play.
THE GIRL
WITH THE
GREEN EYES
A Comedy of Wit and Sentiment.
TIVOJJ'ffiSB.
MIRTH AND MELODY!
Magnificent Production of the Holiday Spec-
tacle.
[IXIO1N"
Or "THE WHE£I.aXA3r."
A Mythological Musical Extravatranxa la
Three Acts.
See Bothwell Brown o's Beautiful Ballets.
SDeclal Matinee Njw Year's.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES — 23c, BOc and 73a
Proecenlum and Mezzanine Box Seata tl 00
ALCAZAR^mT
. General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
EXTRA MAT. NEW YEAR'S.
DLUL O3EAT
CP MJ»Jr\ 1 ™ <O AxxsBXMSzrr.
GREAT CAST-WO.VDERFUL REALISM.
Evenings. 25c to 73c; Matinees, 13c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— First Time In Stock.
The Komantic Comedy by Frances Uodjsoa
Buimett.
A LADY OF QUALITY
Julia Arthur's Orcateat Suc'ceaa.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phona South Um.
TO-NIGHT— NEW YEAR'S WSEK.
Mats. New Year's, Sat. and Sun.
Magnificent Production of the Greatest of £3
Rural Dramas,
THE DAIRY FARM
.The Charming Romance of Sleepy Hollow.
Overflowing With Genuine American Wit and
Humor.
Special Engagement ot the Star* ot the Or-
iginal Cast.
TONY WEST. THEODORE ROOK. SARAH
WARD. HELEN HARTLEY.
Wno Have Appeared in the Famous FUy Over
1000 Times.
nnifpc Evenings 10c to J»o
rKlVEJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 23o
January 4 — MONTE CRISTO.
The season's greetings we extend
To our many friends so true;
Just make Your haopiness complete
By seeing —
"I-O-U"
The excruciatingly funny musical comedy
still delighting thousands.
Evenings "3c. 30c. 23o
Matinees 3aturdsy and Sunday 30c. 23©
Special Matinee New Ycar*^".
2TEXT — OXTB XTEW BSOW,
"THE BEAUTY SHOP"
V3^330 MARKET ST. SI.\&r
Millions *t J»« feT^ M jl SfS[ Nl
COMPANY* J2^l
IXTRAa Of BEEF W £W
The nkcur! of krrf tucs In tKt UeM0 CcmpMiti factories
1 K».m<l»ii«y it sufficient te ft** Iwe mtillct pteflt.
AMTJSSMENT3.
MATINEES
NET/ YEAS'3 DAT AND SATTTEDAY.
Immense Success of the Peculiar Comedian.
W. B. PATTON
And Hi« Excellent Company in the Beautiful
Pastoral Play.
THE MINISTER'S SON
BeelnnlnB Next Sunday Matinee,
JOE KELLY. "The Pipe preamer," in
THE hEADU/AITERS
PDTfCQ EVENINGS 13c, 25c, BOc. 75c
iftlW-J MATINEES 15c. 25fr 50c
GRAND OPERA HOUSE -SPECIAL
THURSDAY EVENING, January 7. 1901. at
8:15, and MONDAY AFTERNOON,
January 11. at 2:15.
Positively Farewell Tour.
MMB. X3 A I I IJ I I I
ADEL1NA -EZ^-jCa- JL. -L- JL
(THE BARONESS CEDERSTROM.)
Direction ROBERT GRAL", Incorporated.
Management MARCUS R. MAYER.
SIGNOR HOML'ALDO SAPIO. Conductor.
Prices $2. $2 50, $.1, $4. $3 and $•»
Sale of Bsats will begin at the box office of
the theater MONDAY MORNING. January *.
OUT OF TOWN MAIL ORDERS, accom-
panied by check or money order and ad-
dressed to H. H. CAMPBELL. Treasurer
Grand Opera-liouse. will b? filed In the order
of their receiot and seats assigned as near the
desired location as possible.
STEIN WAY PIANO USED.
SECOND and LAST WEEK o£ the
GREAT ORPHEUM
ROAD SHOW
CHANGE OF PROGRAMME
And Augmented by
Victor— MOORE and LITTLEflELD — Emma
In an Amusing: and Original Creation.
SPECIAL" MATINEE NEW YEARS.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, 50c.
BZQ CHBISTMAS CPSCTACIiE.
THE BSITT0N3.
Anfl a Great Show Every Afternoon and
Evening In th» Heated Theater.
INTERESTING BABIES IN THE INFANT
INCUBATORS.
Presents from Christmas Tree for All
Children Every Afternoon Dur-
ing the Holidays. .
AMATEUB NICJHT TET7BSBAT.
Admission. 10c. Children. Be.
Ra cioglp^^ Racing!
EVERY WEEK DAT. RAIN OR SHINS.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
INGLESIDE TRACK
Commencing MONDAY, December 14.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races start at 2 p. m. sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part of the cltj.
Train leaves Third and Townsend streets at
1:15 p. is. and leaves the track Immediately
after the last race. No smoking in laat two
cars, which are reserved for ladles and their
escorts.
THOMAS H. WILLIAM3. President.
PERCY XV. TREAT. Secretary.
PfllflfP D0NT FAIL TO
laiaVV 8ce the beautiful
j COURT , Loungin g
flfifl room, tha EM PIRE
ailU PARBOR, /the
r i PALM ROOM, the
lirflflfl LOUIS XV PAR.
ui aua LOR and Ac LA .
U j 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels rqqm- I
weeeT call
16 Pages. $1 pep Year
1 She seems to be Well-Fed, Well-Bred and Well-Read. a
;« How Daintily she goes about her work. Oh, she is Frying g
'B Yes. She uses Cottolene for Shortening and also to Fry them K
m in, so it is Dainty work and the Result is Airy, Puffy Dough- fa
H Not Greasy and Heavy like the Ones Mother used to make, fc
jl But where Are the Doughnuts ? |J
£| Well, you see, they were so Good, -she ate them up as Fast M
|| Oh, what will her Hungry Husband Say ? h
M << Out of the Frying Pan into the Fryer. 1 ' p
I Cottolene will be found at good grocers. - Sold only in sealed palls. 20-page Cot to- B
9 - lene Primer, illustrated in colors, from which above is one page, sent free on request, f'!.
I Hade only by THE W. K. FAISBANK COMPANY, Dept. a6o CHICAGO. MINOI.ESIDE RACETRACK, MONDAY, Dec. 28. Weather fine. Track fast.
S54O. FIRST. RACE— Futurity course; selling; all azes; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. f\Vt(St. % ; i^ %. Str. Fin. f Jockey, j Op. Cl.
«?.m S ptI . mo \ 4 (Mrs - Robinson)... 1 1 Oaf 6 ... 5 2 3 2 21 1 ns | Burns "~0-2 11-2
!S2 -V n ' e . 4 < Gar den City Stable) J05|10 ... -j „ i Ittjvi' -± y t IHllderbrnd J>-2 5
??L;1 ar «jwelton/a (De Arman) .. 100 4 ... lh 2 1 Vn 3 h Otis 13-5 11-5
r li s '\ f m ily Oliver. C (R. H. Clark). 105i 5 ... n l lu |, 4 1 4 n C Kelly .. 12 15
rZ}£ " unsarian < a (Dunn & Co.). . .jlOSjll ... 7,, S Vx 1 " 3h J. Daly .. 7 10
K2Ii \ Nl6tana . - (Mrs. Schorr).-..! S7| 7 ... 10 1V47 h S ','. (i h I Reed 10 15
*,-Z l? ar £sH^ S ' Ju< ls*> 1 103 1 " ••• 0 2V46 1S02KT Jl$|Bell I 12 17
54,9 Rinaldo. a (SIskiJOU tHablf). jlO5| 0 ... 9 %u a;io 1 ' S li [Haack "t> 1«
r^ri S r - fherman. 5 (M. Wniuj..|lC5il2 ... hn On 9 1U9 >,i |\V. Dugan..| 30 30
5K0 Rosebud, 4 (C. Parker) |100i 1 ... 4 V, 4 «i 5 n 10 «* IKunz I » 8
iPruewood, 5 (J. j. McAlester)jlOOj S .. 12 12 11 2 11 i^'Larifen .... 30 £0
4>JS3 [Amoruna. S( <P. McGuirc) ..|102|3 ... 3 ,h 0 1412 12 ' IConnsll ...I 60 100
Time— :25,. -4974. 1:13. At post 2 minutes. Off at'f ;04. Optimo place. 2; show, 1. Nonie.
place. J; show. 1. Cardwellton. show, 2-5. Winner br g. by Ordcr-Sar.doia. Trained
by H. Robinson. Scratched — Prestano. Start gcod. Won first four driving to, the limit.
Aonie tired and Optimo just got up under a powerful ride. Cardwellton Is none too
game. Away better Emily Oliver could have won. Hungarian away badly. sSnark ran
race. Rosebud quit early. Amoruna was cut off. ¦ •
O547. SECOND RACE — Six furlong?; selling; two-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. jWtjSt. H . H^ %. Str. Kin. f Jockey. j~Op! cT
! (M3i») The Mighty (T. G. Ferguson)|112 1 ... l~ij"i h 1 h lh ;j. Martin., i 7-10 3-3
I o4i0 Telephone (R. A. Smith) |lu0 3 ... 2h 2 2 2 2 2 10 Ika'sen S 7
;:;« rj la ," dard <U - 7 " de Arman MIO-'I 4 ... 43 45 31 oh |Lo\v e I « 2<»
?2?? A , nlrJd .- (^ Irs# J - Coffe >> ••••110212 ... 8 2 3h 4 4 4 8 |J. Jones.... 25 30
5511 |Flea (V. oilbert).. j !)7; 5 ... S3 5« 5 5 5 5 IHiliiebrpJcl 10 13
f>403 LStimy (E. J. Hooper) |105| 8 ... «t bh 6 h « V, \\ii\T 30 €0
r.53. ll'lay Ball (M. J. Daly) ilOa] 1 ... 7 1 7 2 7 2 7 U J Daly .. 20 15
5490 IHoceo (Burns & Waterhouse)! DT| « ... 8 8 8 8 NR. Co'.eman! 5 S
Time— :2M4 :40»«. 1 :13«i. At post Vi "minute. Off at 2:00U. Mighty, place. 3-10; show.
1-0. Telepnone, place. S-5: show, 3-5. Standard show 3. Winner, ch c. by Prlr.ca
Royal- Intrusive. Trained by T. O. Ferguson. Scratched— The Cure Ethel Aboott.
btart poor. Won easily. Second easily. Third driving hard. Telephone put up a very
lair argument, keeping the favorite busy most of the time. Standard ran fairly well.
Aniraa snould have been third. Flea jumped backward. Hoceo sulked.
S54M. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; all ages; value to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. |WtlSt. Vi . H^ \. Str. Fin. « Jockey. | Op. Cl. \
W0C ! Fort Wayne. 3 (A. Ross). . . . |ioo| « ... 11 I Vi 1 Vt I h iHlldebrand | 3 H-5
oo-l : Matt Hogan. G tMagrane). ...|109; 1 ... 4 2 2h 2 ',i 2 3 |Burns | IS-5 7-2
552« \U Wagner, 4 (J. McAlliater).|107: ft ... 5 1 4 1 4 2 3 3 (LarseTi 5 24-5
.wL'l Aunt Polly. 5 (Grattort &- Co.):l(i9| 4 ... 3 h 3 \:, 3 1 4 =i Beil 4 9-2
0324 |Quiet. 4 (H. E. Rowell) (104! » S V- 7 3 0 2 T> 2 Travers ... 15 oO
(5522)lL,urene. 4 (\V. L. Prttchard); 109| 7 ... 0 2" 5 2 5 1 «i Vi iC Kelly .. 10 10
•i4!i2 |Idogo, 4 (S. Rafour) |105j 8 ... 0 8.1 8 6 ¥" 2 'Connell 15 30
5523 (Effervescence, 2 (Coffey) | til ;; ... 2 h <> 1 7 1 H U J. Jones .. « w
.MjLr_L s i- ary _5H nn '.JL ( P tI l d _ cr . & .ir o i-L 82 ' -_li« " 1 _° 9 9 I R . Coleman.|_100_ 200
Time— :24H>. :49'4. 1:11. At post 1 minute. Off at 2:57. Waycfl place. 1; show. 1-2. Ho
gan. place, ij-5; show, 1-2. Wagntr, show. 1-3. Winner,' br. c. by Freeno-Calve.
¦fir 3 '"^ by W - M - Murr >'- Scratched— Pure Dale, Yellowstone. Eifln King. Start go»>d.
Won first four driving hard. Winner was well rated and just did last. Hogan would
have won at six funong3. Aunt Poliy tired. Quiet off none to weM.
5549. FOURTH RACE— One mile; .1-year-olds and upward; valua to first. $325.
Index I Hcrse and Owner. |\Yt fat. fc . V». . %. gtr. Fin. | f Jockey. | Op. CL '
»JS fPositiori, G (C. A. Djrfoe)...|lO2 11 « h (11 4 'j 3 1 In iBelT « 8
MOo iG. W. Trahcrn, 4 (Kentuck $)|104| 8 7171 31 2 h2 '4 IHaa'ck 20 3t»
550U |Uurdock. 6 (H. F. Parks) . .J.|102! 4 4 ij 2 1 1 j 11 32 |\\". Dugan.. 2U 50
0500 IPast Master. 3 (C. P. Fink). |102|10 3 I 3 2 5 1 4 h 4 h iHeed 10 15
MOT ]I O V. 4 (C. W. Chappell).. |102|12 12 I 11 ii (i 1 (j 1 5 2 Larsen .... 4 1S-5
549U |Plan. a (Strobcl &. Co.) ....I07H3 83 818 S 6 2 |Kunz 10 12
SMti llllowaho, 4 (H, Stover) Uli>;l 5 1 5 h Jt !) 7 14 |J Daiy .".I 5-2 16-5
550O jMerwan. .'{ (J. J. McAlester). .|102| 5 10 h 9 I«i7 h 7 >,i 8 1 |j" Martin.. \ 6 10
55.50 |Dug Martin, 3 (V. Gilbert). | 97| 7 i) h 10 2 1<T 10 U 1 |Hildebrand | 20 30
045S (Expedient, li (P. E. Smith). |102| B 13 13 11 11 lit h !J. Jones/.. .| 10 15
5522 jniiiouon. 5 (W. D. Ran<Jall).|10^'| 2 11 1^12 12 12 11 2 iConnell ... | O 10
:,:,M |E1 Chihuahua, 4 (Spiers) [1051 3 2 1 1 h 2 h 0 U12 Z |Bur/i3 | 0 I)
5>.1O [Brlssac, 4 (J. .T. Markleln). . 1 103| 9 1 h 4 h 13 13 13 |C. Kelly ..| 30 100
Time — :25Vj. :50Vi, 1:17. 1:42. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:17. Position, "place, 3; fhowf
8-5. Trahern. piace. 12; show, H. Burdock shew 10. Winner, br g. by Racine-Po.
tery. Trained by J. Weber. Start good. Won handily. Second and third driving.
Position had more speed to-day. Good morning G. W Trahern! Finally caught a car
Too bad. With more luck Past Master could have been elected. Plan off badly. Too
far for El Chihuahua, lllcwaho al6o started. Brissac had some early speed.
C550. FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; all nges; value to fir3t. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. Vi • 4- %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. ~\ Op. ' Cl.
(5358) Mildred Schultz. 4 (H. Wilson)jl05j 5 2221 21 11 14 Bell '| 15 16
55C« iPlerce J. 4 (Mrs. Robinson). |1C5| 4 6 >i 0 1 4 2 4 1 2 r.s Burns I 5-2 ir!-5
(5507)iCcnstellator, C (Keating) |10O| S 5 1 4 h 3 »i 3 h 3 ¦'. J. Martin. .| 7-2 21-5
5473 |Jnne Holly. 1 (J. C. Teager*.. 102j 6 . 7 ',i 7 3 5 h 5 H 4 5 IHildebrand I 7-5 S-5
5-14U ISilent Water. 2 <R. Smith). S!} 1 11 13 11 2 2 5 2 IGreenfield .1 7 11-2
r.407 IDr. Bissell. 3 (Hemingray). . . 100| 74V452718 KhjJ. Jones... | So 1(H>
4"()7 (MacGyje, 0 (C. T, P.oot«) 105) 2 8 8 8 7 1 7 1 |C Kelly ..I 15 Cl>
5514 lEmshee. 4 (F. 11. Dell) {10OJ 3 3h i h U2 01 8 [Travers ...| 25 to
Time — :24. : 19. 1:14 l:27Vi. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:48. Schuitz, piace 6; show 3.
Pierce, place. 4-o; show, 1 •:*. Consttilator. show. 11-20. Winner, br. m. by Orvietto-
Coalcsce. Trained by D. Cameron. Scratched — Somenos, Redwald Bill Massio. Diderot.
Avenger.' Start fair. Won easily. Second and third driving. Looked like the winner
could run half a mile in half a minute. Pierce J did his best. So did ConsteMator. Jane
Holly didn't run like a record-breaker. Silent Water quit. MacGyle not up to much.
Emshee had speed. Winner run up from $500 to $1200 by If. Z. "de. Arman.
5">1. SIXTH RACE— 1 mile and 70 yards; selling; 3-ycar-o!ds and up; val. to first, <{25.
In ,.«| Hor.*e and Owner. JWtjSt. Vi . u,. «i. Str. Fin. | Jockey, j Op! CU
(B5l3)|Jockey Ciub. 3 (W. Fisher).. | 00! 5 12 12 12 1 %& 1 I Larsen J 3^2 6^5
5525 |Fore&t King. 4 (Jones Co.)..|ltl| 2 2 h 2 li 2 h 2 2 2 8 HP.debrand 2 13-5
54S5 Stllicho." 3 (W. B. Jennings). .|101| « ,i 1 3 >i 3 I :: I 3 1 J. Martin. .| 6 *>
5SU3 ILacy Crawford. 3 (S:hreibcr).| Oil 4 5 6 5 3 H t! 4 h R Colemam 0-" &
5(ati jtougar, 5 (Bcots & HO!lenbecUi|llO| 3 ti u 5 2 5 2 5 3, c' Kelly...! 10 l.{
550S |M(.ehanus. a (T. T. Rector). . |I1ki I 4 2 4 6 454 2 6 I Hoar ......I 6 11
Time— :24 !I 4. :50. l:15Vi, 1 :41U.- 1 :*5'4.. At po?t 1 minute. Off at 4:10. Club piace 1-2-
Khow, 1-4. King, piacf, 3-5; show, 1-3. Stilicho. show. 4-0. Winner., b. c' by Bi'utus-
Seraphin. Trained by \v'. Fisher. StarKcood. Won cleverly. Second handily. Third
flrivincc. Winner probably best. Too much weight for Forest King to handle. Stilicho
will win soon. Coleman was of no assistance to Lacy Crawford. Hoar who rode M«t
hanus, has had his day.
That which is not honest with men
is not honorable with God.
The preliminary battles will be be
tween George Curran and Johnny
Ritchie and Jack Evans and Austra
lian Billy Murphy. Curran and Ritchie
fought a few months ago and put up
a hot battle. Murphy is an old timer
and Evans has recently graduated from
the amateur ranks.
The gallery doors will open at 6:30
p. m. and the doors leading to the lower
floor of the Pavilion will be opened an
hour later. Manager Morris Levy has
engaged the services of Pinkerton de
tectives to protect ticket holders. All
are guaranteed seats if in possession of
reserved seat coupons.
sporting editor of the New York World
and manager of Corbett. will keep time
for his man. George Weedon will be
on the door and look after Corbett's
interests.
Hanlon will be seconded by Harry
Foley, Fred Landers and George Croll.
The pair will meet at Harry Corbett's
to-night at 6 o'clock and weigh in. They
stipulated to weigh not more than 123
pounds.
Eddie Graney will referee this battle.
The "little horseshoer" will wear his
tuxedo, as this is a championship bat
tle.
Reducing It to Schedule. — "I knovr I
express myself lamely. Miss Thriller,"
the young man faitered. "but I want to
tell you how much I love" —
"Mr. McGinnis," interrupted the as
sistant editor of the Weekly Society
Recorder, with a vivid blush, "can you
do it in about two hundred words?"—
Chicago Tribune.
Winners of New Orleans Races.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 2S. — Cres
cent City results:
First race, 4 y 3 furlongs — Kokombo
won, Trossache second. Docile third.
Time, :54 4-5.
Second race, one mite — Tribes Hill
won, Noweta second. Major Mansir
third. Time. 1:40 4-5.
Third race, one mile — Louis Kraft
won. Shortcake second, St. Jolly third.
Time, 1:43 3-5.
Fourth race, handicap, seven fur
longs* — Dan McKenna won, Ethlca
second, Elsie L third. Time. 1:27 1-5.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling —
Sarah Maxim won. Burning Glass sec
ond. Decoration third. Time, 1:28.
Sixth race, seven furlongs-*— Bon
Mot Won, Hands Across second.
Charlie Thompson third. Time,
1:26.3-3.
Corbett will be seconded by Harry
Tuthill, Tim McGrath, Billy Otts and
George Sanfrenson. Harry Pollack,
The measurements of both lads are
given for comparison:
Corbett— Hanlon.
5 feet 3 Inches'. . .Heisht .1 feet 3 Inches
CD inches Reach «> l i inches
16'i Inches Neck 15V& lnc"h<>s
36>i Inches ":hest normal 33H Inche3
,1SVi Inches Chest expanded. . .:{~V» Inches
:;*Vi Inches Chest contracted. .."vl 1 " Inches.
.12. Inches Waist 3Oij inches
18*5 inches Bleeps 1.". Inches
11 Indies I 7 orearm HVa inches
7 inc?«ea -.Wrist 7 inches
22 Vt inches...,'. . rhigh 22 l i inches
14 inches Calf l*M Inches
8 Inches Ankle *** inches
Panlon rested up yesterday. He says
h* never felt better or moia confident
in his life. ThG little fellow certainly
!<tpks splendidly sind has workeJi harder
for this content than any h,- haa had.
He says he has improved in ring gfcn
.eralship. hitting and the flier points
of the eame and is Corbett's superior.
He thinks he will prove this to-night.
MEASUREMENTS OF LADS.
"I have no excuses to offer," said the
champion yesterday. My condition is
perfect. I fee! strong* and will be able
to go the route at a fast clip. If Han
lon straightens up and fights me the
battle will be a short one. He will find
a different man in front of him this
time. When I fought Hanlon before I
v»as woefully out of condition. Even
at that I stayed twenty rounds. The
very next month I went against Mc-
Govern, and people who saw me battle
with Hanlon and Terry ought to know
how good I am when fit. My wind is
good, my hands are in fine shape and
I really believe I am punching harder
than ever. Hanlon is a god, boy, but
1 think I have him sized up and can
beat him.. My money is up and I am
ready to back myself to the extent of
$S000. I have had little trouble making
the weight and will weigh in to-morrow
n'pht all right." ,
Corbett was a pound overweight
when he arose yesterday morning and
he took to the road to rid himself
of the superfluous weight. Accom
panied by Billy Otts and his "kid"
brother he ran down the ocean boule
vard, filling his lungs with ozone and
feeling as chipper as a lark.
Corbett did light gymnasium work
in the afternoon and enjoyed a swim
in the surf. He was in high spirits and
certain of victory.
The betting on the contest is 10 to 6,
with Hanlon on the short end. Both
men are in perfect condition and a ter
rific battle is anticipated. The sale
of seats for the contest is very larse
and a big attendance is expected.
"I have trained Young Corbttt nine
teen months for championship battles
and I pledge you my word I have never
seen him in better condition," said
Harry Tuthill, the man who ha3 done
so much to condition the little feather
weight for to-night's contest. "He Is
in splendid condition and he will win."
This feeling seems t<f pervade Cor
bett's camp. The champion is as con
fident as are his trainejs. Corbett rent
a number of telegrams to friends in the
East yesterday telling them of his
superb condition fcnd his belief that
he will win in less than ten rounds.
Harry Pollack, a well-known New York
sporting authority, who manages the
champion, arrived Sunday night and
is ready to bet thousands on his man.
Corbett has authorized him to bet $3000
to $2000 that he will win.
CORBETT OVERWEIGHT.
"Willie Rothwell, better known to ring
fame as "Young Corbatt," champion
featherweight boxer of the world, and
Eddie Hanlon of "this city will box
twenty rounds to-night in Mechanics'
Pavilion under the auspices of the
Hayes Valley Athletic Club.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 28.— Captain P. J
Carmody. general manager of the new
St. Louis Jockey Club, which proposes
to fight the Western Jockey Ciub next
season in this city, to-day received
from Jacob Holtman, one of the best
known starters In America, an accept
ance of the Cnion Jockey Club's offer
to pay lloltman $30 a day, aix days a
week, for seven months, to start at thi
new St. Louis track.
Carmody reserves the right to farm
out Holtman's services when he does
not need them for his own racetrack,
the contract which Holtman has signed
being similar in many respects to those
usually made for crack jockeys.
Holtman is now starting at the Cali
fornia tracks. He is conceded to be
one of the best starters In th-= business.
Undoubtedly he will be outlawed by
the Western Jockey Club for allying
himself with Carmody, but as Holtman
does not intend to do- any more start
ing after next season outlawry has no
terrors for him.
Special Dispatch to Th3 Call.
Great Interest Is Shown in
Championship Contest and
the Betting Is Very Heavy
Governing Body of 3Iiddle
Western Turf 3Iay -Outlaw"
Officials Engaged by Carmody
MEN IX PERFECT FETTLE
ACCEPTS TERMS OFFEREE
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Jacob lloltman AVill Operate
the Barrier at the Kaees ol
the St. Louis Jockey Glut
*Corbett Is 10 to 6 Favorite
Over Eddie Hanlon in To-
Night's Twenty-Bound Bout
Optimo Noses Out Nonie in the First Event at Ingleside Track.
Fort Wayne De'feats Matt Hogan and Other Fast Sprinters.
Position Regains His SjDeed — Jockey Ciub Beats Forest King
BOXERS WAIT
BATTLE GONG
MILDRED SCHULTZ, AT 16 TO 1,
WINS IN A COMMON GALLOP
STARTER SIGNS
FOR NEW TRACK
RACETRACK HAPPENINGS AND NEWS FROM THE TRAINING CAMPS OF BOXERS
• NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 2S-— Th* cruiser Min
neapolis, flagship cf Admiral? Wise and the
Yankee < and Hartford railed to-day for Pen
sacoU. \
Pocket books, wrist bags, letter and
card cases, bill books, cigar.-' cases and
manicure: sets. Fine things: for: New
Year's. Ranborn. Vail & Co, •
I "Do you know anything I can do
(irhlch will tend to prolong my life, doc
or?" . ; \ ;.,
-, VYes; stay c*Jt of the woods during
the shooting season."— Yohkers States
man. ¦ ¦¦¦¦: :;-. ;¦•*. ¦-¦ -
WASHINGTON. Dec. 28.— The Society of
the Army of the Cumberland has decided to
admit 10 membership members o£ the Military
Telegraph Corps. . .: . .
Customs officials in Switzerland will
in future examine passengers' luggage
in the trains. . . .*. ; -
REDDING; Dec. 28.— Emanuel Joseph a
pioneer cattle raiser of Trinity- County, was
found dead Saturday" in his cabin near
MlnersvlUe. where he lived alone. Death
from . natural ¦ causes had . ocourred • about two
weeks before. "
Tirst Race — Tuck Back, Tonopali, Ad
nor.
, Second Race — Et Tu Brute, Oro Boae,
Crottleibem. \ » '
1 Third Race — Saintly, / Algraretta,
Amaea.
Fourth Race— Oarsman, - Yellow Tall,
Incubator. ,' .
Fifth Race — Instructor, Telephone,
Avenger.
Sixth Bace— Stuyre, Rosarle, Posi
tion. . . .
FBOBABLE WINNERS.
Jack Monroe, the heavyweight pu
gilist, who stayed four rounds with
Champion Jeffries, arrived in town
last' night. He was visiting relatives
in Butte, Mont., and came down to
see the Hanlon-Corbett mill. Monroe
renewed old acquaintances.. He once
played football here as a member of
the Olympic and Reliance club elev
ens and also trained Jack-Moffatt and
"Philadelphia" Jack O'Brien for con
tests. Monroe has been matched by
Harry Pollock, his manager, to fight
Tom Sharkey. Sharkey. declines to
fight here. The contest will probably
be brought off m Boston, where fif
teen-round >'goes" are- permitted.
Monroe recently • defeated "Limerick,"
the Irish giant. Jack looks well and
has actually taken on- the apeparance
of, i a successful heavyweight., v He
weighs 200 pounds and "seems to be
carrying no extra weight!
Jack Monroe Is in Town.
"Is that so!" exclaimed the neighbor.
"Terry ccmin* home! Ye don't tell me!
I thought he was sent up for five
years."
"So he was," said Terrence's mother,
beaming. "Yis, he was sent up for five
years, but he got two years off for
good behavior."
"T'lnk of that!" said the neighbor in
tones of sympathetic delight. "For
good behavior! Xow isn't it a comfort
to have a son like that!"— Chicago
News. >; ; !;:.v*:-:
The little old woman smiled. "Yis,"
she answered, "I'm cilebratin*. 'Tis for
T&rence. the b'y. He's comin' home
this day.".;*;-^
The second floor room of the little
cottage was decorated with a shriv
eled last year's Christmas wrenth; de
pending from the creased and torn
shade. On either ?ide of the wreath
were pinned little American and Irish
flairs. It gave the cottage a particu
larly festive appearance. One of the
peighbor women, a broad and buxom
person of middle age, stopped in pass
ing and looked ot the* window cu
riously, and as she did so a little old
woman, as withered as the Christmas
wreath, came and bade her . good
morning.
"Good mcrnin* to you. Mrs. Conley."
said the neighbor, cordially. ."It's cile
bratin' ye are I see by the decorations,
an* moighty foine they look. Te must
b'lave in Thanlisgivln'." ,
Son That Was n Comfort.
Admiral Sir Harry Keppel. "'the fath
er of the British f.eet,"' l-.as begun his
ninety-fifth year. The venerable officer
is a'sailor by instinct, and has often
declared that he hopes to die and be
buried at sea.
Charles Gardner and Marie Stoddard
novelty musical sketch artists, made
their first appearance at the Chutes
yesterday and made great hits at both
periormanees. Miss Stoddard is a thor
oughly genuine Sis Hopkins, and is
worth seeing. Tho Brittons. colored
entertainers; Es:nera!da. xylophone and
bell soloist; May Lamson. th» illus
trated song Finger, and the beautiful
Christmas spectacle, participated in by
twenty pretty girls, proved pleasin^
while the moving pictures shown by the
•inimatoscope were unusually amusin^
At tho conclusion of the matinee all"
< ni.dren in attendance were presented
•viih sifts from the electrically illu
minated .Christmcs tree, a feature that
will be continued up to and including
New dear's day. 7h? amateurs will ap
pear or. Thursday ni~ht.
Chutes.
For a time the Southern Pacific
Company ran aN. day train , tHrough
irom Chico. but this was taken off the
route several months ago. Later the
company promised thai? the service
would be resumed on December 1, and
failing to get it. the indignation of the
townsmen was aroused and they fin
ally sent Nichols to this city to ask the
Southern Pacific officials why they
were not shown more consideration.
Nichols v.-as given assurance yester
day that the grievance of the northern
1-eople would be promptly investigated.
In presenting the matter to Good
man Nichols stated that if the com
pany could not rearrange its time
schedule the people would be con
tented if it would leave a sleeper on
the siding so that people bound for
San Francisco could retire to the coach
early and be picked up by the through
train when it arrives after midnight.
A. L. Nichols, president of the
Chamber of Commerce of Chico, hald
a conference with General- Passengsr
Agent Goodman of the Southern Pa
cific Company yesterday relative to a
better train service for that town. At
present the throush trains to and
from the north arrive there after mid
night and the locals at hours that v are
most inconvenient to people living in
that section of the State. It is claimed
that the poor service is a detriment
to the town, especially in a commer
cial way. ¦
Scntl a Representative Here to Pre
sent Their, Gricvnncc to South*
ei-n Pacific Officials.
The representative* of the Pacific
Hardware and Steel Company hold
their twelfth annual banquet at ,a
downtown restaurant last evening. As
sembled around the tables were 120 em
ployes of the concern, including agents
from all over the coast. Louis Walsnl
the wit of the organization, presided
as toastmaster and contributed much
toward the merriment of the occasion.
Among those present were the follow
ing named: x
A. L. Scott, H. J. Morton. Joseph
Sloss, D. H. Kane. Loon Sloss, Louis
SIoss, E. A.-'Selfrtdge, \V. Leonard, 'J.
n. Thorburn. J. W. Armstrong, 13.
Uobitscher, H. O. Stevens, N. J. Brown,
William Best. G. B. Vanderhurst, G. F.
Sullivan, W. S. Mercer, C. C. Beatie, T.
E. Martin, A. P. Bartley, H. B. Hunt,
H. E. Paxton. I. L. Marks, G. Jeffrey,
F. J. McGovern, A. J. LeDuc, J. Vance,
E. L. Hunt, F. A. Pancoast, C. L. Wal
lace, H. Smith, H. G. Sturtevant, IS- A.
Burden, Louis Dorr, M. Conner, O. B.
Leonhart, W. M. Fir.Iey, R. G. Downs.
J. A. Murphy, H. S. Thomson, Alfred
W. Dow", F. B. Winchell, J. L. Casswell,
W. H. Gilbert, A. Perkins, C. W. Bern
hardt, J. Berryinan, Henry Dechent,
Clark— Duncan, J. U. Lawrie, A. L.
Springsteen, E. E. McVeagta, TV . C.
Dodge, William Ford, D. E. Brockbank.
R. D. Goggin.Ef L. Johnston/ J. W.
Rood, John,Bradford, P. McManus, W.
D. Jam#?son, T. A. Hays, J. B. Wood,
H. P. Parsons, A. W. Dov.% W. F. Hall,
L. H. Eprton, William Lamont.J. W.
White, D. C. Johnson, O. H. P. Sheets.
A. S. Collins, R. W. McLeod, Louis
Walsh, J. A. Peebles. G. Henderson, C.
H. Knownberg, G. W. Crum, W. A.
Rice. J. C. Brittain. J. C. Doherty. T.
E. Shucking, C. H. Shively.A. S. Coo
ley, a: B. Ambler, J. McDonald, C. A.
Griffith. . W. H. Scott. Milton Pray. W.
C. McCloskey. G. K. Burton, J. P. Hug
gins, A. McShane. G. F. Emanuels,
Vincent Surr, G. II. Bocarde, *N. D.
Chamberlain, F. G. Higgin. O. L. Koop,
A. E. Wakeman, W. M. Tull, Murry Ja
cobs, J. B. Mason. N. P. Sessions, E. A.
Christopher, L. E. Lawrence, F.SP.
Taylor, J. D. Miner, J. S.^ French, XI.
Ottershagen, Frank Tetreau, C. E. Mil
ler, C.F.Moulthrop, Fred Vogel. G. .V.
Parsons. I. H. Caister, H. S. Zehner,
W. A. Mitchem.
Representatives of Local Hardware
Company Get Together and Have
a Jolly Time.
EMPLOYES MAKE MERRY
AT AXXUAL BANQUET
CIIICO PEOPLE \VAXT~ A
BETTJEfi TftAIX SERVICE
Fischer's.
"I. O. U." is still rannlns at Fischer's
to crowded house?.
"Blue Jeans," with the excellent com
pany, still continues to draw good
houses at the Alcazar.
Alcazar.
TIvoII.
The second week of "Ixion" at the
Tivoli opened well last evening.
There are few of the typical "down
East" plays that are as good as "The
Dairy Farm." With members in the
cast who have played in it until their
parts have become second nature to
tfcem, the Central has staged the play
this week in a manner highly credita
ble. The wholesome kindly spirit of the
rural drama makes a happy digression
in the steady run of melodramatic at
tractions'which anpear at the theater
up near the City Hall. a
Ccntrn!.
The last vestige of the original Little
Neck clams will disappear if the United
States Government decides to jxrant the
petition of a number of wealthy men
who own summer rss'denres on tha
shores of Little Neck Day.
These mei> are iireparing a ottition
which is to be forwarded tu Congress
man Scudder, requesting: that an ap
propriation be granted Dy the United
States Government^ for the dredging
and Improvement of Little Keck Bay.
N'o improvements of this character
have ever been made in this- body of
water. This has been due io the fact
that no*^request has ever been made to
the. Government that it giv?^any at
tention to the bay. There was a very
good reason for this recieence on the
part of the residents and land owners
in the vicinity of the bay.
It wag in Little Neck Bay ihat the
< . icinal clam of that* ram? was se
cured. Immense beds covered the bot
tom of the bay. Thr-se beds have all
but disappeared, owing to persistent
working and dredging of th£ bay by
the clammers and the action of the
tides in washing into the bay the dirt
and refuse from the many towns along
trie shores of Long Island Sojnd. so
that the clams that were not taken
were killed. The business of clamming,
v.hich eight or ten years agi supported
whole communities in th:s vicinity, has
disappeared. There is therefore no
reason now why the bay should not be
improved.
The work of the tides has fo fi!!ed
in the bay that at the present time
yachts of any draught can make land
ings only at high tide. In th<; summer
time the bay is dotted with these craft,
for nearly every resident has at least
one boat of considerable size. For that
reason there is a desire for the im
provement. — New York Sun.
tion Govcramcnt to Have the
Bay Dredged.
IlesJdents in Its Original Home Peti-
MUST LEARN TO DO WITHOUT
THE LITTLE N*ECK CLAM
• And<>r6or.(. G to T>. won; Han Luti' n. 102 liJux
ior.). 7 to 1. second; Platonicus, LOS (Sir.noti),
14 10 '; third. Time. 1 :•»•(. I'lm, Louweisea.
J. J. Corbc-tt, Major Hooker and Jir.cler also
LO? ANGELES, Dec. 2S.— The first
"ladies' day" at Ascot Park brought
out about 5003 ladies. Favorites wer*
successful in three of the six events
and the others went to second choices,
except the second, which was won by
Golden Boy at 10 to 1. Erne at even
money took the mile and a sixteenth
from Moor in good time.
Haviland, Corrigan's good horse, vas
beaten in t^e last few strides of the
mile selling race by Princess Tu'.an?.
Haviland carried the money of the bis
bettors. Griffin's Red Damsel and
Princess Tu!ane were both ridden by
E. Walsh and were well backed on ac
count of that rider having the mount,
Silver Fizz took the last on the pro
gramme at one mile, and his win was
popular. Summary:
I-'irtt rare, course. Mtllnx — Neko, !'
..I. Becker;, 4 to 1. won; W inifreda fH <_ U
Knapr) « to .'>. eecond; Geisha Glri. l0*><Pnn
!!!¦*), "7 10 1. third. Tim.-. 1:12%. I-'tUo **-
.-tt. Letal Maxim. Louise Meinlnt. Brick
Fowler and Hindoo Piincefs also ran.
¦second race, five furloncs— cioiden Boy. II.
< Phillip*). 1W to 1. wen; FoncastK. 11^ <J.
Iieifft. S to 1, second: Huapala. »<!.'. (Hcdfernt,
H to i, third. Time. 1 :«i2»~. William Parrisr.,
rotrero Grande Laura Phillip*. Como Dc Key,
Moonstone, Mabel Claire and AUso'.ute also
ran.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles— t-rnr.
104 »Knar:>). even, won; Mtvir, !'(> < Phillips),
2 to 1. second; Martin Brady. '¦»> tKookerj. «
to 1, third. Time, 1:50. Co'.che »i"Or and
Quidado al«w ran.
Fourth race. one rr.:!e. skiing— Princess
TultJie. PT (Walrh), f* to T>. v.ca; Hr>vi!and,
109 <K*dftm), .'{ to S. second: Chub. UM iLeiv
:?». « to 1. third. Time. 1:42. Gler.rice also
Fifth race. Plauscn courw. se"i;:c — n«xl
Damsel 113 (VTalshl. even, won; Toto Gratict.
Ill (C'irscn). ;»<• to I. t*-eon<J; Lady Isle i»«'
¦ Wilson). 2t> to I. third. Time. 1:11U. Colcnfl
ropey, gaily Goodwin. J. V. Kirby. Lady
i'orise ard Skirmls-h also ran.
Sixth rare, one mile, nellinc — Silver Ftzs, 107
T-he part of "Jinny" Austin, whose
jealousy has earned for her Mr. Fitch's
apt title, is not devoid or opportunities.
Mrs. Austin is discovert-d taking leave
of her bridesmaids and parents in the
opening act and becomes je&lous even
at the auspicious moment of one of her
bridesmaids, it' is in the family. Papa
is jealous of "Jinny's" confidences with
mamma. Brother is jealous of sister's
newly aco.uircd husband. And so on.
Ths husband, John Austin, is an hon
est, fine, if somewhat thick-headed per
son, and wholly in love with his wife.
Mr. Fitch had here good material to
his hand. Given a logical and original
complication the play might have been
developed upon thoroughly interesting
lines. But the playwright denies the
possibility of sympathy with either the
husband or the wife and uses the
weather-beaten incident of the crime
of the wife's brother with the hus
band's shielding of him to bring a>bout
his catastrophe. The wife is jealous,
r.ot unreasonably, but stupidly. The
husband expects an equally impossible
faith through his ambiguous perform
ances. The play ends in n suitably
banal fashion with (he lady turning on
the gas and the family breaking down
the door to rpscue her.
Mrs. Bloodgcod seems to havo made
a portrait of the green-eyed lady suf
ficiently vital to dominate the weak
ness of the play. Miss Ida Conquest
has not yet arrived there. However,
Miss Conquest appeared to greater ad
vantage than she has before done here.
To her gracile charm she last night
added a variety and depth of emotion
hitherto un!ooked for. In the comedy
she was, however, distinctly happier,
but showed throughout a fine sincerity
and intelligence.
BLANCHE PAUTTNGTOX.
An Apollo Belvedere and a pianola
are star a'ctor3 in Clyde Fitch's latest
play. "The Girl With the Green Eyes,"
presented for the first time here last
night at the Columbia Theater. Possi
bly the play may have carried some
I kind of conviction with Mrs. Clara
Bloodgood, who created and played the
part until last week, in the name role.
Charming as is Miss Conquest, who
made her third appearance as the "girl
with the ereen eyes" last night, she
fails of the power to disguise the lean
ness of Mr. Fitch's material. This Mrs.
Bloodgood must have had to persuade
to the acceptance of the play, as the
charm of Kthel Barryrnore begilded
even "Captain Jinks." Still, Miss Con
quest's essay was a distinctly plucky
affair. She arrived from New York
in Salt Lake City on Friday last, played
the part without rehearsal on Friday
and Saturday evenings, arrived here at
1 o'clock yesterday, had her -first re
hearsal at 2 o'clock and last evening
appeared in the Western metropolis
with no small success.
Apollo Belvedere Plays a Star
Part— "Dairy Farm" at Cen
tral-Fine Bill at the Chutes
Red Damsel and Princess
Tuianc Both Well Backed,
as Walsh Does the Biding
•Apprentice allowance.
Sixth race — One mile and fifty yards;' four
jear-olds and uprselllng: -'
5550 MacGyle (Boots & Hollenbeck) 104
42flS 'Stuyve (P. R. Lauterman) 0!)
5402 'Gray Dally (Hutchlnson & Co.). 0'J
5473 »Ko»arie (C. W. Chapelle).. ....101
*R549 Position <C. Durfee) ..... ..'...104
T1497 Axmlnster <\V. D. Randall) 107
Fifth race — Six and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; eelllnE:
f.M" 'Telephone (R. A. Smith) . . no
5535 Andrew B. Cook (Stanfleld &. Ellis). ...10S
5511 Kombaruier (J«nninss & Co.).;.. .. .. .101
5403 Virginia Bov (Winter & Co.) 101
&S2" A veneer (J. F. Schorr) .104
55-T." Inxtructcr moot* & Hollenbeck) 104
5507 'Charlie Schweitzer (L.A.Blasingame) 80
Fourth race— One and a sixteenth miles;
for all sges; handicap:
f.501 Fossil (Twaites & Parker) .1.113
5525 Incubator (V. Van Meter) 00
5525 Yellow Tail (J. Hackett) 10*
6525 Oarsman ft,. Kempner) lift
5419 Byron Rose (R. Wilson) 101
55.TH Leader (.lennlnjcs & Co.) ...105
5525 Divlna (El Prlmero Stable) 10S
5537 Joe Lesser (H. Beams) ....100
4691 Montana Peeress (Mrs. J. Coffey).... 97
M42 Dainty (Jennings & Co.) lOti
5305 Mendon (Dayton & Co.) 92
. ... •AlBaretta (J. A. Murray) ...112
r.500 Mares>a <R. E. Dolan) .117
SSOO Eednc-r (J. A. Crusa) in
Third race — Futurity course; three-year
old* end v:p: eeHirif;
4573 Lady Rowell (Boots & Hollenbeck). .112
C5t4 *Evander (W Fisher) 112
.V»r>l Alice Carry <F. H. Cell) 117
.V'04 Hilary (Piedmont Stable) 117
SJ22 An:n«a (M. JI Rowley) .117
5534 'Homaine <C, E. Murry) 112
SS28. Saintly (T. Crowe) V2'J
5526 Chorus ' Roy <Mrs. H. Robinson) ....117
SM4 Hellas (J. Creely) 112
Second ra'-e — Five and a half furlongs; mal
drn two-year-olds; purse:
547(7 Kentish Slirew (I.amnsney Bros.)... 105
5444 Et Tu Brute (J. J. Moran) 110
Gene Handlan (D. Schrelber) lO.s
5547 Flea (V. Gilbert) no
4CC9 Dolly Vardrn (formerly Princess Syl
via) J. rtobblns if:
K!»intvoc<l <\V. C. MoaMer) ' 11a
r»400 Coroner Kelly (Bender & Co.) 1CS
S4»*l Dundreary 1 Burns & Waterhousa). ...IDS
r.C2:{ Gcit:»iben (\V. Fisher) llo
5633 O.-o Rose (Jennings & Co.) 110
54(T. Waterspout <R. A. Smith) 105
r.5£S Latiy Athelln? (.I.- A. Kyle) 105
&5O7 Cheer.y (L\ Z. de Armar.) 110
W23 Ethel Abbott (Mrs. C. E. Miller) 105
Mildred Schuitz was boosted 5700 over
her entered selling price of $500 by U.
Z. de Arman. The stable retained the
mare.
Dick Walsh, sporting editor of the
St. Lou's Post-Dispatch, is paying Cal
ifornia a visit. Dick is partial to the
horses, and incidentally will take in the
Corbett-Hanlon mill to-night.
B. J. Johnson, the well-known Chi
cago turfman, was a visitor at the
track yesterday.
Jockey John Bullman fainted after a
long run on the road yesterday, so con
cluded to take a brief rest frim saddle
work.
Harry Brolasky of St. Louis has de
parted for home, $40,000 loser, it is said.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
53C6 Thoth (W. Durker) • 117
6192 Tamm (Ma^rane & Co.) v '"llS
S49tt 'Tuck Back 'A. r.oss) 1 107
6310 Rey Hooker U. T. Smith) 117
.1420 Tonopar. (E. Schlff) n;
4021 Olinthus (Gale & Garwln) 117
Mio l.unsa (Mrs. McMichaels) U7
r>.'>0r> .Adnor (F\ Jone?) 117
•*»52J Racily reed <\V. Vivell) .117
5.VJ2 •GoAdrs* of Night (H. Parks) Hi!
M24 Saul of Tarsua (G. McKenzie) 117
6534 Pure Dale (Thomas &. Ueayej") hj
¦'Butch". Fisher's colt Jockey Club
cleaned up again in the concluding
mile and seventy yard selling number.
A 3 to 2 choice, Larsen, made all the
running with the Brutus three-year
old, holding Forest King safe the last
part and winning by a length. S.tilicho,
from the Jennings stable, ran into the
show. . \
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Mildred Sehuitz, the English bred
mare owned by Hugh Wilson of Butte,
no longer belongs to the "Oregon short
liners." She dispossessed all firm be
lievers of that idea at Ingleside yester
day by her ridiculous win of the seven
furlong selection, fifth to be rendered.
In the ring there was no more demand
for her than there Is for carrots at a
Sixth street market on St. Patrick's
day, for from 5 the odds went to 16 and
20. Bell rode the Wilson entry and when
Silent Water had done with shaping up
the pace, Mildred Schuitz picked up the
running and won switching her tail
and pricking her ears, four lengths
ahead of Pierce J., an uncorking, with
Tommy Burns in the saddle. Jane Hol
ly, the six and a half furlong record
holder, and an 8 to 5 favorite, formed
one of the select company, dropping
in behind the winners.
Favorites made a stand-off of it, cap
luring, three of the purses run for. The
attendance was right up to the s-tund
urd and the betting or!«k. bin not )».ir
ticularly heavy.
There .were no apo'.rtjr'C-S Lo make for
Cardwellton, which went to the post fa
vorite for the opening Futurity course
sprint. Otis had him in front stepping
the first quarter, but he dogged it, run
ning third. Nonle came out after a long
rest and, heavily played at i\<> to 1,
was beaten a nose by Optimo, another
good thing piloted by Tommy Burns.
Garnet Ferguson's colt The Mighty,
at odds of 13 to 20, took the two-year
old race. Telephone was the contender
throughout, and while running a very
fair race lacked class and lost to the
favorite by a neck at the wire. Stand
ard, from the De Artnan stable and
20 to 1, finished a fair third under in
different handling.
Through an excellent piece of riding
Hildebrand nursed along the faint
hearted Fort Wayne, landing him in
front for the Futurity course sprint
following. Tommy Burns again had
the leg up on Matt Hogan, and had the
distance been six furlongs would have
won. As it was Fort Wayne stretched
it out long enough to get n head de
cision. Louis Wagner led Aunt Polly
out a neck for show honors. The win
ner's price was played from 'i down to
11 to 5 favoritism.
Thirteen very ordinary selling platers
lined up in the mile sellir.g affair.
While Illowaho closed favorite at 3,
Position was undoubtedly one of the
best played horses in the race. Al
though it was supposed to be too short
a route for the latter horse Bell kept
him well up in the first division and
in a driving finish downed G. \V. Tra
hern half a length. Burdock, which
l2d the bunch into the stretch, finished
third.
A WINNER
GOLDEN BOY
MISS CONQUEST PLUCKY
Interesting: Events in the
Card at Ascot Park on
the First Ladies* Day
"Girl AVith the Green Eyes"
If Presented Before Large Aud
ience at Columbia Theater
THREE OF SIX
FOR FAVORITES
FITCH'S LATEST
PLAY IS GIVEN
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEM RER 29, 1903.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
>> • ' •^'^¦^ n^ atter how weak
l^-" — • , — -^ you, are; ho\y full of
(^ _ j.fi^ aches and pains: how
V f QN|k feeble and old in your
>k ~^\ I** \v actions, you can be
\ \ 4 *^Bi?-'' % made a stronger and
. \ *V ]• r /^" / * better man by wearing:
V- » \/ [^ v-*" r ">r my Electric Belt while
\ \E^\ /^S^^ Pick out the men
> j I y^ who have worn my
> \<t] . I s~ BcIt - See them with
ft'.'* / heads erect, chest ex-
\ ~-"-<^S )« • \ i l / J\»s- panded, the glow of
? " v <i^*>i,{<l \ 1 • / / Jr^^^^y 0 health in their cheeks,
V **^^*'*""* I^C NS.\ t J/ / /¦*£^ZZ~^' courage in their hearts
¦"'i=r— -.^^^S^v^l)/^^^^^^^^^^"" and a cIas P °* the hand
" — " """ • " ' * * you? Have you rheu-
matism and back pains, a" dull ache and weakness over your kidneys,
dull headaches, with a tired, stupid feeling? Are you losing your vi-
' tality? Do j'ou feel yourself growing aged before your time? Are
vou ncrvou?, sleepless, short of memory arid lacking in spirit and
self-confidence? Do you know that you are not the man you would
like to be? \
If so. I can cure vou. What you lack is just what electricity sud-
plies. My Belt will cure vou. and if you Will come to me you will
soon be one of "DR. McLAUGHLIN'S MEN."
I believe that the best evidence is the word of an honest man
who says "YOU CURED ME."
Mr. James P. Davis. 709 Devisadero street, San Francisco says:
"Twelve years ago I injured my back In an elevator accident, which "in-
capacitated me from labor for over a year, after six months in bed Since
that time I have not been myself. My back troubled me and I was weAk.
I doctored and doctored, without benefit. I heard of your belt and asked
my doctor about it. He told me it was no good. I thought I would try
it anyway, as the doctor could not help me. The effect was marvelous.
After wearing it for three months it cured my back, and now I feel as
strong and capable as any man. young or old. I cannot praise it too high-
ly, and will advise every man weak or In pain to use it and not to be per-
suaded against it by .any doctor. 1 *, , <T.'' t --
\ Come to me and let me cure you. Twenty years of my life
X have been devoted to mv trade, and I have made'mv Belt popular
with people who are tired of drugging. I cure while vou sleep. It's
easy and pleasant. Mv Belt srives a current that is a glowing
warmth. J^o burn or sting.
I have a nicelv illustrated book which every man should read. I
will send it closclv sealed, free, if you send this ad.
2 ¦ Call if you can.
<.•;-•;•,. Office Hours — 8 a. m. to 3 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
YOU OUGHT TO MAKE
UP YOUR MIND
Iliglit away to try the artistic laundry
work done at the United States Laundry.
\V> know that you \vill be glad that we
pave you the tip. as our worU is always
tio eminently satisfactory to every one
who brings a trial bundle here thai they
nre our jiatrojis always. Let the death
«-f the okl year bo th<* death knell of
KaTv-edge coilars and badly laundered
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orriCE 2004 market street.
Near Powell. . .. : .,^..
:¦*.-'.- Ption* South 420.
Telephone Jchn STL
=IN. S. H/¥fND=r=
Secretary ani orfl- Expert Etoaietpjer,
t!«J bandicapper for •, .*/ "
the "Metropolitan BOOMS 1, 3 and 3.
Koree Owners" and i,0 OTflPl/Tnil CT
"Interetata" Turr A»- ||3 STOCK I ON ST.,
rociaticna of New -
York. . ¦ Eta rrtnciseo, Cal.
Terms' •<fiurtrjr California eeaaoa only>. {2
p«r iay or Jio per week. ;? JST. PAUL, Dec. 28.— Robert; Mann
heiruer, aged 64 years', a prominent
business man in St. Paul for twenty
five years, died to-day.
Robert Mannhcimcr.
. PHILADELPHIA. D«c. , 2S.— The directors
of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company
will , m^et.; In -New; York : to-morrow; and -take
action, ypon the: resignation of; President ,T.
F. Loreel . At the same time his successor
will he chosen.
MEDIA. Pa.. Dec. 2S.— Judge Johnson to
d.ty-refused the application of. the Investment
Co'mpany of Philadelphia for a% receiver of
the '¦) Tidewater . Szeel" Company *of Chesttr.
Judge' Johnson said that'the Malemeni of. th>
ofrtcc.rs --of .; the • -Tidewater. - Company ; showed
the company to ; be solvent, and he did net
consider It -wise to interfere.
Mrs. Emma Joseph, well known In
former years as one of San -Francis
co's belles and latterly- through num
erous benevolences, died Sunday night
of heart trouble at N her home, 2235
Washington street. She leaves four
children, Albert, Nellie, Sydney and
Ada. . <- . v • . •
Well Known Woman Dies.
Racon— What's his businers?
|l Egbert— Why, he's a drummer for au
•vomobiles.
"Oh. they have drummers for those
things, do they? Well, it's" a good idea.
I think it wauld be much safer It they
had a drummer and a fifcr go in front
cf each of the machines." — Yonkers
Statesman "¦ '
CHILLICOTHE, Mo^ Dec. 28. —
John Morris, an extensive breeder of
shorthorn cattle, is, dead at his home,
aped 74 years. • , t
Noted Breeder of Ca«le Dies.
'WASHINGTON.- Dec. 28.— The\ Comptroller
of - the ¦ Currency has appointed . R. t, .. Van
Sandt of . Fort • Worth. Tex..- as receiver, of,
the Farmers' National Bank of Henrietta.
Tex., which clogedr lt« doors on. November 10.
1903. and has, since *t>een In the hands of a
bank examiner.- ' .<" . .
St ranee Death of «i Railway Man.
CAIRO, 111. Dec. 28— C. F. Draw,
rreueral. .manager of •; the* Coal Belt
Electric Railway, with headquarters at
Chicago, was found dead to-day in bed
ht the Excelsior Hotel at Harrisburg
with"a bullet in his left temple. V A re
volver was lying near the body. It
was first supposed IhatJDrew had com
mitted, suicide.r but; the'" police believe
he may have been*, murdered; . . •. -
LONDON. Dec.x 28:— rGeorge Gis
8ing, the novella died of consump
tion to-tlay at St. Juan de Luz, in the
Pyrenees. He was born at Wakefleld,
England, November 2, 1857. - ¦ ¦
Novelist Glssinjr. Passes. Away.
San Francisco will be an Important
supply point during the coming Oriental
war and will ship large quantities' of
meat to the' contending armies. How
ever, there will bo meat left to be
cooked on the' gas ranges sold by the S:
F. Gas and Electric Coi, 415 Post.*-* ••:*
WASHINGTON. Dec. 28. — Colonel
Henry L. Thomas, for- thirty-four
years translator in the State Depart
ment, died to-day of pneirtnonia,
aged 6S years. He spoke and trans
lated French, Spanish, Italian. Ger
man. Norwegian, Danish, Dutch, Por
tuguese, Hebrew, Arabic and ' Greek,
besides having a general knowledge of
other tongues. \
Death of Famous Liiuruist.
"You Dpt me off the car four blocks
from my corner, the trther day," said
the lady to the trolley -conductor. .
"Yes; I was very sorry, but I couldn't
very well help It," said the conductor.
"You see I made a bet with a man on
the platform that a woman never gets
"ft a car .pronorly, and I just let you
'ifl" when I did to decide the bet."~
Y<,-nkers Statesman.
DETROIT. Mich.. Dec. 28. — James
A. Remlek. a capitalist 'and lumber
man, who owned large tracts of lum
ber iilong- the 'Pacific- Coast, died at
his home here to-day, aged 60 years.
Rich Lminbcnmii) Dies.
/¦vti" »»!„!, r\An OO '"..IT
Our frame department is showing a
now line of frames in gilt, oak and art
nouveau finishes. Oood for New Year's
Sar.born. Vail & Co. •
WASHINGTON. Dec. 23-— In view
of the fact that many' thousands of
people in all parts of the country are
interested in the result of a guessing
contest as to the number of cigar
taxes paid in November, the Internal
Revenue Bureau asks that public: an
nouncement: be . made of the number
of cigar taxes paid at $3 per. thousand
during' November, 1 903. The. numbej
is '¦'.' officially stated to have been'
578,157,470. •
Want Information About Cigars.
OAKLAND. Dec. 28. — Nathaniel G.
Hilton, a former foreman of ship
wrights at the Mare Island Navy Yard
and a past master of Naval Lodge No.
S7, F. and A. M., of Vallejo, died yes
terday at his home in Fruitvale leav
lUgr a wife and three children. The fun
eral will be held to-morrow, and the
n-mains will be sent to Vallejo for In
terment. - ::,'s r
Shipwright Pusses Away.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— Captain
Robert Catlin. U. S. A.', retired,- died
at the home of Bishop Henry Y. Satter
lee, -where he had -been a guest at din
ner on Christmas day, nnd suffered, a
double attack of paralysis that.even
ing. . .
¦Retired Army Officer Dies.
WASHINGTON. Deo. 2S. — Pontmaster Gen
eral Payne Is suffering with u severe cold,
and did not leave- hi* apartments to-day.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.. Dec. 28.—
When the examination of ex-Senators
Nichols and McKnight on the charge
of subornation of perjury at the trial
of Lant K. Salsbury was resumed to
day the testimony of Arthur Stowe.*
who testified as to the alleged attempt
to bribe' Witness Garman while he,
(Ktowe) avus watching him. for the
prosecuting attorney, was read. The
examination was then adjourned un
til Wednesday." State Senator 'David
T. -Burns was held to the present, term
of the Superior Court tb-da"y' on
charge of accepting a bribe in the
water deal.', ' ¦ '" .
State Senator Held for Bribery.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Dec". 28.— H. G.
Edmunson. a real estate dealer, was
found in a room in a hotel to-day with
Mrs. G. W. Grote, and was fatally
shot by the woman's husband," who is
abuilding contractor. Grote \ised a
shotgun and fired -through the panel
of the door. Mrs. Grote accompanied
the wounded man to the hospital.-
Husband Shoots His Itlvnl.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 28.— Colonel J.
X. Andrews, U. S. A., retired, is dead
at Orange, Va. He was graduated from
West Point in I860. He_came out of
the Civil War In 1S66 as major of the
Twenty-first Infantry;-' in October,
1895. was promoted to the rank of col
onel; served^ for a short time in the
Spanish War as brigadier general of
volunteers and was retired in 1899 at
his own 'request.
Colonel Andrews Passes Away.
BELLINGHAM. Wash., D ft -. 23.— The
cities of Whatcom and Falrhaven to
night passed out of existence and the
city of Bellingham took their plac,e
among the municipalities of the State.
A. L. Black was sworn in as the first
Mayor and named C. M. Logsdon as
Chief of Police. ; r~
Cities Combine as Belliiurham.
CALRO, 111:, Dec. 28. — James Raines.
C. C' Bailey. James Kuster, Brant
Duvis and Lieutenant J. F. Parker of
Thebes, who are charged with the
lynching of William Johnson, colored,
last spring, had a hearing to-day be
fore J. M.-' Jackson, a colored Justlr<y
of the Peace, and all were^discharged;
as the evidence seemed insufficient to
hold them.
Alleccd Lynchei'S Disclinrsrcd. -
Police Arrest Saloon Man's Slayer.
.PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 28.— The po
lice this morning captured David Van
Houten, who last night killed Al
Young, a saloon-keeper, for the alleg
ed alienation of his wife's affections.
Van Houten refuses to make any
statement. Mrs. Van Houten denies
her husband's story of .her alleged in
fidelity. '
LONDON. Dec. 28.— Sir William Al
len, the well known marine engineer,
f hip owner and member of Parliament
for Gales Head since 1R93, ia dead,
aged CC years. He was formerly a
working engineer, an engineer in the
British navy and later chief engineer
of a blockade runner during the Civil
War in the United States. He was
captured and lodged in the old Cap
itol prison and was eventually pa
roled.
Death Cfaims Famous Engineer. .
SALONICA, Dec 28.— The authori
ties are informed^ that 4000 Macedonian
revolutionists, under the leadership of
eighty Bulgarian officers, are ready to
invade Turkish territory. An order
was issued here to-day requesting the
Turkish officers to \ exercise extreme
vigilance. It is rumored- that the.sec
ond army reserve will again be called
out.
ROME,' Dec. 28.— The Italia Says that
General Sismondo, the. commander of
the Italian gendarmes, is likely to be
chosen to organize' and command the
international gendarmerie' In Macedo
nia under the Austro-Russian reform
schemed • |;
General Sismondo is one of the best
officers in the Italia n service. He is 68
years of age.
Authorities Report That 1000
Macedonians Arc.. Prepared
to Enter the Sultan's Domain
SACRAMENTO, E>0Ci 28. — The
Governor's ottice to-day honored the
requisition of tne Governor of Illinois
for the return to that State of Ar
thur Dunton. wanted in Chicago for
grand larceny. Dunton is in custody
at Pasadena, whither John J. Duffy,
t*he Illinois State agent, went to-day to
get his prisoner. .
dovcrnor Honors' a Requisition.
\KE\V YORK, Dec. 28.— A plan to
operate a chain' of cotton mills in
North Carolina by tenement dwellers
of this city, taken there and trained
by a few skilled workmen, is. being
evolved by men here interested in the
cotton business. If their scheme is
carried out it will result in the estab
lishment of a self-sustaining charity,
vrtiieh will take hundreds of women
and children from the dirty, over
crowded slums of the city into a
healthy country life, with cottages
and schools.
Work on the first mill at Marshall,
near the- Biltmore estate, is to begin
in a week or two, and the mill of fif
teen* thousand spindles is expected to
be ready early in July. It is planned
to establish on the near-by hills', a
model village of flve-room cottages,
which may be/ purchased at the rate
of $1 a month. A company storelsell
ing all the ; necessitics at .an increase
of 5 per cent over cost, together with
schools and' churches, will be estab
lished.
Plan on Foot to Operate Chain of
Cotton Mills by New York Tene
ment Dwellers.
WILL GIVE CITY'S POOR
A CHANCE TO WORIv
TURKEY FEARS
AN INVASION
SAN LEA.VDBO, Dec. 28.— The Rev.
J. M. Woodman, a pioneer clergyman
of Alameda County, who came to Cali
fornia in 1863, died yesterday morn
ihg at his home, in San Leandro at
the age of 79 years. Deceased was a
veil known minister of the Methodist
• hutch, but retired from active work
in the church three years ago. He
leaves a wife and one son. The funeral
will be held to-morrow morning
ut 11 o'clock and the remains will be
shipped to Chico, Mr. Woodman's for
mer home, for burial.
Pioneer Clergyman. Dies.
Despondent Man Commits Suicide.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 28.— P. A. Ed
wards, a carpenter, was found dead in
his room in a lodging-house here to
day. The body, fully clothed, was
lying on the bed. In the right hand
was a revolver from which a bullet
had been fired into the left temple.
It is believed the man committed sui
cide through despondency.
The unauthenticity of the telegram
could have been established had the
rourt at Rennes appreciated the im-
I>ortance of the error. Finally it de
veloped that in the telecram where
the words "Co canaille de D — " appear
the Initial ''D" had been substituted
for the letter "I*." The original copy,
written by M. Oribelln. the keeper of
the archives of.%he War Office, carried
the letter "P." The scratching upon
th^ paper was apparent,, but M. Der
iiilon. the handwriting expert, testified
that the letter "D" was correct. It is
row claimed that he was in error.
PARIS. Dec. 28.— The grounds upon
which Dreyfus depends for vindication
and restoration to the army have been
communicated to the Associated Press.
Dreyfus charges that a telegram from
Colonel Schwartzkoppen, the late Ger
man military attache here, to Colonel :
I'anizzardi, formerly Italian military
attache at Paris, as presented to the
court-martial at Rennes, bore the date
at April, 1834, when he was occupied
v.ith the details of mobilization of
troops of which the. telpgram treated,
whereas the actual date of the tele
gram was the last of March, lbljj, aft
er he (Dreyfus) had been tried. 'A
copy has been found and has estab
lished the correctness of Dreyfus' claim,
in the opinion of the commission which
recommended a revision of the case.
The statement of the case against
Dreyfus, containing the telegram when
it arrived at the Ministry of' War, was
dated ADril 1. 1S95. which Dreyfus
tlaims thows the telegram was ¦writ
ten in the latter part of March of that
year. With a pair of scissors the late
<"olon«M Henry clipped on* a corner of
the telegram, and thus the actual date
disappeared. Then Colonel Henry in
his own hand annotated the telegram
April. 1W4. The colonel, however, neg
lected to remember that the month of
April had only thirty days, for in the
document th<-re is a mention of the 31et
or the current month.
Friend*; of the Officer Present
Proof That He Was the
Victim of a Conspiracy
SEATTLE, Dec. 28. — Captain James
Campbell, father of John A., William
and James Campbell, former heavy
owners in Port Blakeley mills, dierl
at his home in this city to-day, aged
88 years. Much of his early life was
spent in Canada, where he was prom
inently conected with the Albion
Mines Company, at one time the larg
est coal operators in North America.
About two years ago he fell down
stairs, sustaining injuries' from which
he never fully recovered.
Pioneer Coal Operator Dead.
CHICO, Dee. 28. — Leonard McNab,
the timekeeper, who mysteriously dis
appeared after leaving Magalia on
horseback for a railroad grading camp
near Lovelock last Thursday after
noon,'has been traced to Chico. Mc-
Nab turned his horse loose and board
ed* a train for Chico Thursday even
ing. It is supposed that he had be
come homesick' and suddenly deter
mined to return to his relatives in
Nova Scotia.
Timekeeper Traced to a Train.
Harrison detected the odor of smoke
as he left the building and thougnt a
Hue from the furnace room was leak
ing. He summoned the engineer. Cap
tain Stark, who lives a few blocks
away. Mr. and Mrs. Stark ran to the
building and as they entered beheld
smoke and flames issuing from the fur
nace room. Mrs. Stark sought the up
per* floor, where William Teasely. As
sistant Secretary of Arizona, was at
work. He summoned the Fire Depart
ment by telephone, but the engine
house is neaFly two miles from the
Capitol. ¦ The department responded
quickly, but found it did not have hose
enough to reach within a block of the
nearest' plug. -
Meantime Captain Stark had secured
a couple of.s;rriall streams from the hy
drants in the building an(J with early
corner^ was fighting the flames. On th-?
arrival of the firemen the chemical ap
paratus was employed. and the fire was
extinguished. The loss will not exceed
$2500. The building cost over $150,000
and is Insured for at least a third of
that sum..
PHOENIX. Ariz., Dec. 28.— Because
Secretary Horace Harrison of the Live
stock Sanitary Board chose to dh a few
hours of extra work this evening in his
office In the Territorial- Capitol build
ing is the only reason the offices of that
structure were not gutted by fire be
fore midnight. As It. Is, the furnace
room is charred and the build in/; has
been. damaged by smoke to. the extent
of several hundred dollars.
It could not have burned to the point
of a structural ruin, as It is practically
a fireproof building, with the exception
of finishings and furnishings, the
frame being of steel and th'e— walls of
granite and tufa. But had the fire not
been discovered till ten minutes later
it is likely that many valuable docu
ments would have been destroyed.
Special Ditpatch to The Call.
The parish here was organized, in 1849
by the Row. Fla,vel Scott Mines, first
rector of. .Trinity Chiych.of San Fran
cisco, and the Right Rev. W. Ingraham
Kip, missionary Bishop of California,
administered the rites of confirmation
to the first class confirmed in the Epis
copal Church in this city."
Among the early ,rectors of the parish
was the Rev. Orlando llarriman, father
of "E. H. Harriman, president of the
Southern Pacific Company. Among the
early parishioners wore Leland Start^"
ford, C. P. Huntlngton, P. B. Cornwall,
A. D. Wilder, Colonel C. F. Crocker, J.
U: Harmon,* James L. English; William
G. English and Dr. XV. R. Clunoss. The
present rector is the Rev. Charles L.
Miel. , .
¦ .1
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 28.— The corner
stone for the new building of St. Paul's
Episcopal Church, to be* of granite and
to cost $45,"OOO. was laid to-day. Bishop
W. H. Moreland conducting the relig
ious services and Grand Master C. W.
Nutting of the Masonic Grand Lodge
conducting the formal ceremonies of
placing thi? cornerstone. .
Mrs. Meagher rented the upper floor
of the building as a rooming-house. She
was asleep with the four children in, a
front room directly over the lire. Mc-
Coy, who is steward of the Elks' Club,
was one of the first men at the scene.
When he heard of the peril of the fam
ily he called for a volunteer and/ the
two rushed up the stairs, undaunted by
smoke and blaze, and ; aroused the
sleeping inmates. McCoy and his as
sistant carried the children downstairs,
and Mrs. Meagher and her little ones
were cared for at the Renquin House.
The fire did damage estimated at
$5000. The blaze originated in the bar
ber shop of Dan Taylor, and about a
third of the lower portion of the build
ing was destroyed. Taylor's barber
shop and cigar store were burned, on
tailing an estimated loss of $2000, with
insurance of $1500.
VALLEJO, Dec. 28.— A fire in a wood
en building on Georgia street early this
morning can^e very near causing the
death of Mrs. Meagher and her four
children. It was largely due to the
heroism of Peter McCoy and a com
panion that the mother and little ones
were enabled "to -leave the; burning
structure before the flames, closed all
exit. . ¦ ¦ . ... ....
Special Dispatch to The Call
ALAMEDA. Dec: 2S. — Frederick
Xoy, third eton of William H. Noy of
Bay-Station, died to-day after an ill
ness of nearly two years from tuber
culosis of the lungs. He was a native
of this city, aged 21 years, and had re
sidod in Alameda all of his life. De
ceased was the brother of Richard
and. Bertrand Noy and Miss Lavina
Noy. His funeral will be held from
the family residence Thursday after
noon and services will be conducted
by the Rev. William N. Guthrie of
Christ Episcopal Church.
Passing of Frederick Xoy.
Costly Executive Building: of
Arizona in Phoenix Is Badly
Damaged by Fire at Night
Ceremony Held at Site of
New St.. ' Paul's Episcopal
Church in City of Sacramento
Vallejo Citizens Display Hero
ism and 'Rescue a Family
From a Burning" Building
THE HAGUE Dec. 2S. — Baron Oewrs. th»
Minister of the Netherlands at Washington,
has teen selected to succeed Dr. WestenbuJE.
deceased, the former Netherlands Minister at
Rome.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 28. — The City
Trustees of Sacramento to-night ac
cepted an option offered by C. N.
Clark, on the water rights of the
North Fork Ditch Company, which
takes water from the American Riv
er, to purchase said water rights for
$330,000, the option to be in force for
eight months and guaranteeing- not
less than 2600 inches from the North
Fork of the American River.
City Trustee Devine says this would
afford a perpetual gravity system of
clear water for Sac-amento, would
furnish power for city lighting plant
and would pay for itself in six and a
half years.
Trustees Accept an Option on the
Rights of North Fork Dftch
Company.
SACRAMENTO TO HAVE
A NEW WATER SUPPLY
DREYFUS LOOKS
TO A TELEGRAM
York has been made reserve agent for
the First National Bank of Condon. Or.
A civil service examination will be
h<Md at Portland. Or., February 6 for
watchman in the public building
there; salary 5S40.
» <w«tofhVe Cbasises Have Been Orercd
for California and Washington.
Examination to Be Held.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— The post
office at Wabash. King County. Wash.,
will be discontinued January 14; mail
to Osceola.
Nellie. M. Bailey has been appointed
postmaster of the fourth class at Ban
ner, San Diego County, Cal., vice
Luella R. Bailey, resigned.
The Hanover National Rink of New
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
FLAMES ROAR
IN A CAPITOL
SAVE MOTHER
AND CHILDREN
STONE MARKS
NOTED PARISH
Mrs. Sullivan, formerly Miss Marga
ret F. Buchanan, was 5S years of age.
She was born in Ireland, but her family
moved to Detroit, Mich., when she was
an infant. She was a proficient Greek,
Latin and French scholar. During
Charles A. Dana's time she was a fre
quent contributor to the New York
Sun and was an editorial writer on the
Chicago Times in the days of Wilbur
F. Storey. Up to the time of her last
illness Mrs. Sullivan was an editorial
writer on the Chicago Chronicle. In
1S96 she suffered a stroke of paralysis,
from which she recovered completely,
but she was stricken again Sunday aft
ernoon.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2S.— Mrs. Alexander
Sullivan, well known' on both sides of
the Atlantic as an author and edito
rial writer; died to-day after one week's
illness, following a stroke of paralysis.
Orders Drink and Cuts His Throat.
UKIAH. Dec. 28. — Hermann John
son walked into. John -Dahl's saloon In
Noyo last Wednesday and ordered a
drink. While the bartender's back
was turned he drew a razor and cut
his throat. Johnson had made sev
eral attempts to hang himself pre
viouslv.
Former Marshal Sent to Asylum.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 2S. — Charles E.
Gardiner, ex-deputy Sheriff of this
county, was commit .ed to Agnews
asylum to-day. His insanity is due to
a gunshot wound in the head received
several years ago in the pursuit and
capture of a burglar. 'He was at one
time City. Marshal of Gilroy.-
DEATH CALLS
WELL KNOWN
AUTHOR TO REST
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 2S.— The Vic
toria Sealing Company, which prac
tically controls the pelagic sealing In
dustry, declared a dividend of 50 cents
a share to-day on last season's work,
when the company's schooners took
17;509 skins, 11,714 oft the British Co
lumbia Coast and in Bering Sea and
5703 off Cape Horn. The wage bill
amounted to $140,000 for the season.
The profits were $23,000.
It was decided to send cut about
twenty schooners In the spring^off the
British Columbia Coast and two ves
sels will be sent within ten days to
Japan. - v -;
Victoria Corporation Proposes to
Send Out Twenty Schooners for
Valuable Skins In Snriiur.
DIVIDEND IS DECLARED
BY A SEALING COMPANY
Dunsmuir Books Cannot Be Seen.
VICTORIA, B. C. Dec. 28. — Judge
Drake refused the application made
by Mrs. John Dunsmuir, intervenor in
the Hopper-Dunsmuir will case, for
an examination of the books of the
Esquimalt .and Nanaimo Railway
Company, of R. Dunsmuir, Sons &
Co. The Judge said that it would be
time enough to ask for an examina
tion of the books when the will case
had been won.
Mr. Burckhalter to-day stated that
thf company had made no overtures
whatever to the strikers, and that
f^r the present the shops are virtually
closed. Many of the men are drawing
thrir time for December preparatory
to leaving. It is stated that all neces-
Barjr repair work will be done at Los
Angeles until the difficulty is settled.
BAKERFFIELD, Dec. 28. — The
striking shopmen on the Southern Pa
ciric- expect to send a committee to San
Francisco to Interview General. Man
ager Agler to-morrow. This morning
a delegation interviewed Superintend
ent Burckhalter without result and
advised that official that they would
Ff>nd three of their number to San
Francsico to talk with the g-eneral
manager.
Kailroad Cmployos on Strike at Ba
kcrslicld to send a Delegation to
Kan Francisco.
SHOPMEN WILL VISIT
TIIC GEXERAL MANAGER
The strike is regarded as of great im- |
portance. In view of the belief prospect- !
ors have that the old river extends >
right through from the Alzek country,
a distance of i 300 miles, and is gold
bearing all the- way. Prospect pans
from eighty, "cents to three dollars and
as high as ten dollars have been taken
from the new diggings. '
Cardinal to-day purchased a $10,000
outfit In Dawson. It is probable that
a stampede will occur, although Car
dinal mado every effort to keep the
matter quiet. Dozens of men are get
ting ready sleds and other portions of
vintfr outfits and will hit the traif for
the new diggings, to be on hand with
the earliest spring. .¦
Cardinal and his friends have secured
a great number of twenty-acre claims
and have taken out United States
papers to be certain of holding their
ground. Two years ago , Cardinal
worked for the Canadian Government;
locating the boundary line • between
Yukon and Alaska.
• VANCOUVER. B. C., Dec. 28.— An
enormously rich strike of gold has just
been made in the American Yukon, ten
miles from, the Canadian boundary line.
The discovery was made by Louis Car
dinal. It consists of the gravel of the
ancient bod of the White River.
Special D'.epatch to The Call
TACOMA, Dec. 29.— A' dispatch from
Juneau says that the revenue cutter
Rush has found what Is believed to be
the wreck of the lost .steamer Discov
ery. Near Indian Island the hull was
located with the bow- out of the water,
but no name was found which would
indicate positively fhat the wreck was
that of the Discovery. ; ,.' : V*V:
The vessel found is about 100 feet In
length, with a winch visible, but posi
tive marks of Identification are want-
Ing. So sure is Agerit Butterfleld of
the Chlopeek Fish Company, however,
that the Discovery was found that he
offered to return en the Rush from
Juneau to complete proof. The officers
of the cutter consider It possible that
the ¦ wreck discovered Is that of the
steamer Rainier, which was lost <jn
Sasskalg Island, seventy -miles distant
from the hulk now found. Photo
graphs of the wreck brought to Sitka
indicate that the hull Is that of the
Discovery.
When the finding of the. DiscoVery
was reported by an.. Indian, from the
Cross Sound- the Rush
steamed there and made a hurried in
spection of the region. Last week^she
returned to Sitka where her officers
desired to spend Christmas.-,'- John
Grimes, who was a passenger on the
Discovery as far as Unga, has arrived
at Juneau. ; He says fully thirty pas
sengers* were aboard when she left
Unga. The Rush left Sitka Saturday
to continue her search. " ¦ .
Special Dispatch to The Call
UKI AH, Dec. 2S.— Near Noyo a few
flays ago Angle Roudier, a 19-months
old boy, was shot and killed by Willie
Smith, also a lad of tender -years.' The
Smith boy was playing with a small
rifle and pointed it at the little fellow
with the familfar result. This is the
third child accidentally shot in Mendo
cino County in the past few months.
REDDING, Dec. 28.— George Diestle
horst. the 12-year-old son of John
Diestlehorst of this city, started to
pass a rifle over a fence, butt end first,
to-day, when the trigger struck a hog
trough and the weapon was discharged.
The bullet struck the boy's right
wrist. and ranged upward. He is not
yet out of danger. ;
John Basch, . the 7-year-old son of
Chris Basch of Stillwater, celebrated
Christmas by placing a -giant -powder
cap on a rock and striking it with a
stick. When the youngster came lo
himself the local physicians were try-
Ing to locate a brass cap, it having en
tered his left rlioek . and ranged up
ward. The cap has not yet been lo
cated and it is feared that blood poi
soning will cause death.
REDDING, Dec. 28.— John C. Lyle.
a miner, "who hag gone under the name
of Quinn, shot and killed Frank Sav
age, a popular miner, near Carrville,' in
Trinity County, Saturday afternoon. in
a quarrel over, a trade. A few minutes
before he had threatened 'to shoot Jim
"Wright, a miner, because Wright at
first declined a proffered drink.
To escape certain lynching Lyle, who
has always been unpopular, was rushed
by officers to the Trinity County. Jail
at Weaverville. where he is now either
insane or acting the part of- a maniac.
Savage, the man killed, and James
ITrsher were traveling in a buggy be
hind two horses over the road .from
Trinity Center to .Carrville when they
met Lyle on foot. • This was a short
distance from where Lyle had threat
ened to shoot Wright for declining, the
drink of whisky offered from Lyle's
flask. - , '
Lyle carried a roll of blankets on his
back and a shotgun on his shoulder.
A trade was struck- in which^ Savage
was to give a watch and a small sum
of money for Lyle's shotgun. The dis
cussion of the. trade was friendly when
Ursher drove on to the borne of James
Gillette, distant one hundred yards, to
borrow the money for Savage. When
TJrsher returned Lyle ¦ was in the act
of raising his shotgun to hl3 shoulder..
He fired, sending a charge of large
shot through Savage's body and caus
ing Instant death. • -.
Lyle then swung the weapon on
TTrsher, threatening to kill' him, too.
Ursher jumped behind a tre-e and Lyle
passed on. He was captured two hours
later without a show of resistance by
Deputy Sheriff Bert Bassham. On ac
count of high feeling over th- tragedy,
caused jointly by its cold blnodedness
and tho -popularity- of the dead man
and the unpopularity of the slayer, the
officer hurried him to Weaverville. Just
what occurred between Savage and
Lyle during Ursher's brief 'absence is
not known. Lyle refuses to make a
statement.
It is allege "at Colonel Evans Ioe^
J1H0O at rou!e. a few nights ago at
a eingle sitting and was compelled to
give notts to Frcure payment of the
money to the gamblers, and the charges
against the treasury agent are based
on this gxeen-cloth transaction.
Evans has* been in the service thirty
years and has heretofore been consid
ered a man of exemplary habits. He
incurred tha enmity of several Federal
officials here owing to his searching in
vestigations into Onvornmon: affairs
and it is eaid that somo of these caused
the charges to be filed.
EL PASO. Tex., Dec. 2S.— Colonel J.
F. Ev«ui£. chief of the Unito.1 States
treasury secret service agents of this
district, who organized the customs
service of the Philippines and who was
kL-nt on a similar mifcsion to Alaska,
lias been suspended from duty pending
an investigation yf charges preferred
against him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS. Dec. 28.— A surprising
burglary took place here last evening
and when the perpetrators were cap
tured they proved to be two "boys, Sid
ney Ross, aged 12 years, and Harold
Ross, aged 8. _
H. H. Mason, a stationer and fancy
goods dealer, does not keep his estab
lishment open on Sundays. This fact
was known to the boys, who some time
during the afternoon went down the
alley in the rear of the store and broke
a window in a small addition. Harold
crawled In and opened the back door,
allowing Sidney to enter. They then
broke a window In the store and en
tered. •
From the cash register they obtained
$18. They then helped themselves .to
pocket knives, pencils and harmonicas,
and departed as they had entered, un
observed.
The mother missed the boys and re
ported to Sheriff Nesbitt. who had Just
been informed of the robbery. He found
the youngsters on a passenger train
about 10 o'clock at night with tickets
for San Jose. The stolen property was
found on them and they confessed.
They were barefoot at the time they
were caught. They confessed also to
having committed two other burglaries
during the past fortnight. They* will
probably be sent to the Whlttier Re
form School. :?...
The change in rates will take effect
on January IS. The agreement to this
effect was "made some weeks ago and
the various freight agents were noti
fied of the contemplated change.. The
lines* in the combine to advance rates
arevthe O. R. and N.. Union Pacific,
Southern . Pacific, Northern Pacific,
Great Northern and Santa Fe. The in
creased rates will be charged on all
shipments from New Ytfrk and com
mon ' points, Chicago and common
points, Omaha and Missouri River
points and from the St. Louis terri
tory. In fact, everything brought to
the Pacific coast from the district be
tween the Missouri River and the At
lantic coast will cost about 10 cents
more per hundred pounds. On some
articles the advance amounts to as
much as 25 cents.
The new rate covers carload -lots in
most instances and mixed shipments
cannot be made even at the advanced
rate. A comparison of the old and new
rates on some of the principal articles
shews something of what the extra ex
pense is going to be. The Increase of
agricultural implements per 100 pounds
from all Missouri River and Eastern
points is 10 cents; jars and glasses, old
rate S5 cents, new rate $1 10; drugs,
carload lots, old rate $1 25. new rate
$1 40; plate glass, old rate $1 25. new
rate ?1 50; building material and steel
and Iron structural'material, old rate
75 cents,. new rate 85 cents.
The announcement that the 10 per
cent raise will go. Into effect
18 will no doubt cause a great activity
in shipping from the East between now
and then. Those who have large or
ders in the Eastern markets will en
deavor to get their material delivered
before the rate goes Into effect. ,
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 23.— The
transcontinental \ lines and Western
roads - have prepared the schedule for
the advance in freight rates to the ex
tent of t more than 10 per cent. The
announcement has caused some con
sternation here. The advance will af
fect'almost every commodity shipped
from the East and the whole coast
from British Columbia to- Southern Cal
ifornia will be affected by the raise.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gravel Along the Course of
an Ancient Stream Shows
an Abundance of Treasure
Official Has Performed Im
portant Duties, but Has Made
Enemies Who Caused Trouble
Portland • Merchants Consider
Seriously the Change to Be
• 3Iade by Traffic Companies
Details Are Obtained of the
Shooting. Which Occurred on
the Road Near. Carrville
When Arrested by the Pursu
ing Officer, Barefoot Lads
Tell of Other Burglaries
Search. Is Continue^ in ¦ an
Effort to Ascertain the Fate
of Her Thirty Passengers
Stilhvater Youth Celebrates
the Yuletide by Striking
Giant Powder Cap With Stick
STAMPEDE IS PROBABLE
NAME OF CRAFT MISSING
FORMER REPUTATION GOOD'
TWO ACCIDENTS IN SHASTA
TEN PER CENT INCREASE
POPULAR MINER KILLED
CONFESSION TO SHERIFF
Revenue Vessel Rush Locates
a Wreck Believed to Be That
of the Ill-Fated Discovery
3Iendocino County Youngster
Points a . Rifle and Life
of . a Babe Is Ended
Quick Work Of a Deputy Sheriff
in trinity County Leaves
No Chance for Lynching
Proposed Advance by Transcon
tinental Lines and Western
Roads Not Relished in Oregon
Big Strike of Precious Metal
Reported to Have Been Made
in the American Yukon
Tiny Youngsters of Salinas
Rob Stationer's Store and
Depart on a Railroad Train
Col. Evans, Chief of Secret Ser
vice, iibscs Money at Roulette
Game and Is Suspended
CUTTER FINDS
LOST STEAMER
OFFICER MAKES
HASTE TO JAIL
PLAYFUL BOY
KILLS INFANT
GOLD GLEAMS
IN RIVER'S BED
BOYS COMMIT
AMAZING CRIME
GAMBLES COIN
AND JOB AWAY
FREIGHT RAISE
EXCITES ALARM
i ¦ • ¦ - . ¦ ¦ ¦
: .THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER ;, 29, 1903.
9
Weak-'-Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THS
Orvat Mexican Remedy: elves health and
strength to sexual organs. D«pot. 323 Marktb
Always Remember the Fall Jh'gmo
| axatsve jlromo Qii'mne
Cures a Cold in One Dzy, Grin in 3 Days
/£ fflijy onevery
*v<€£P2^J MENAHDWOWZS.
irfiSsyt!cKEaF«i| Cm Big « for unnatural
>C"Ky l» 1 to t diVtB rflschargci.iotUminationt.
iftgW Ottrtntnd U Irritations or ctearatloci
a*mn not to airlctar*. of macoos membran?l.
n rr-rou fo.u.t... p»in;«n. »nd not sitrla*
BTClTHtETAV.CHEHmtCO. K»ct or poi»onons.
tgfgl Cimi!t!UTl,O.EE«| «oW by Druggists.
B.S.A. TiHT or i8nt in P' lln w r«59«r.
¦Jgfiaai i-yyW by «xpre«g. prepaid, for
ViSsSfftBBSJS&Ta •1-00. or 3 bottles 12.75.
' "**UgJJffiS>% H Circular lest on rtaawt
'At one tlmt dandruff was attributed to
the rC3UH ef a feverish condition of tho
scalp, which threw 'off "the dried cuticle
In- scales.
» Professor Unna. r Hamburg. Germany,
noted authority on skin diseases, ex-
plodes this theory and says that dandruff
is u germ disense. .
This Berm is really responsible for tho
dandruff and for so many bald heads. It
can bo cured if it "id' gone about In the
right way.. The right way. of course*
and tho only way. is to kill the germ.
: Kewbro's Herpicide does this.. and per-
mits the hair to grow luxuriantly, just
as nature intended it should. ¦
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c In
stamps for sample to The Herpiclde Co.,
Detroit. Mich.
The Ancient Scalp-Fever Theory Ex-
ploded. ...
THE KEAL CAUSE.
-NEW ADVEBTISEMENTSw
or San FrnneUco. Stp.te of California
I do solemnly swear that I hava a personal
knowledge of the matters contained In th»
for*co!n2 statement and that every allegation,
statement, matter* and th'nsr therein e'mtalnerl
Is tnie to the be«t of my knowledge and belief.
LOVELL WHITE. C»»hler and Secretary.
Subscribed and nwom to b'for« ma this
14th day of December. 1MVI.
• ' HAMILTON A. BAUER.-
Notary Public in and for the City and County
BIENNIAL STATEMENT
OF
The San Francisco
Savings Union
AT SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Hth DECEMBER. 190X
SH0WI36 UNCLAIMED DEPOSITS.'
In accordance with Chapter CUV of an act
to compel savings banks to publish a sworn
slate rue nt of all unclaimed deposits (approve!
March 23. 1UUU>, the following statement is
submitted from our books at closa of buslnes*
on the above date. \\3. :
Name and Last Known Residence or .-¦
Postof flee "Address — , Amount.
L'axter. William 11., Humboldt Bay.- ¦
Kur.ka $43* 25
Blckel. William. Ansels Camp. Cal.. 4.V) U
Daegeser. William. Columbia. Cal li» J*
Dunuhy. William 11.. San- Francisco. . 207 'M
French. James.' Sianyan St..- near
Grattan. Ban Francisco -.... 31 ao
Gugltelml-ettc. Vespaslano. -No. -109
Stockton St.. S. F 50 23
Hatfler. Atra. -Adelaide.' Tr. No.' 107-
Austin St.. S. F 71 S>*
UatricV Miss Mary. No. 459 Bryant
St.. S. F , :.:..* (33
Holt. Mrs. Anna. No. 200 Stockton
St..cS. F 52 06
Kennedy. William. Alameda Co.. Cal. 315 r»
Little. Mrs. Para C... Seaside. Cal.... 78 40
McPhemcn. John R.. New "Washington
Hot-1. S. K - •• 129 3%
O'Com.or. MIm Ros* E.. International
Ho'el. S. F .*. 1«> 72
Parsons «Tiar!es O.. Honolulu. H. T. 2.^12) Cl
SyMler. Mrs. Annie M.. No. 32 Sixth
street. S.-F..,,. «.. > ISO 42
Stapl'ton. Joseph. No. 1« Perry St..
8. F - 131 83
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
City and County of San Francisco — ss.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A
|H #2.22
It's worth much more than my price.
This la A special value. Is made of th«
finest tempered «teel. hollow ground, with
velvet edge. Makes 'having one's self a
real pleasure. You have a large variety
of styles to select from.
. I carry all the highest clasa of cutlery,
such as Henckel't. Stiletto. Wostenholxa's.
Jordan's and others.
Pocket knives, from 25c up. Scissors. 28c
and upwards. Razor strops, anything you
Trout to pay bet-ween 25c, and 92.90.
THAT MAN PITTS
(F. W. -PITTS.)?-.;/
THE STATIONER
1008 MARKET ST.. AbcT* PowaU.
SAN FRANCISCO.FROM fiEATTLE
A beautiful . framed picture makes a
good New Year's present. The only large
assortment of good things is at Sanborn
& Vail's. . *
The. .Time Ball on the "tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
1. e., at noon of the 120tb meridian, or at 8
p. ¦ m.. Greenwich tjme. J, C. BURNETT
, Lieutenant. U. S. N.I in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. IC., Mer
chants' • Exchange, - San Francisco,' Cal.,
Monday. December '28.
Sun rises .....,...- 7:24
Sun sets 4;5s
Moon gets 2:ic a. m.
9 ITlmel ITimel |Tlme| JTlme]
£ I 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I y Ft. Ft.
." |L'W| |H-W| |L, W| |H AV|
TO 0:28 2.3 7:02 5.T. 1:59 0.6 8:55 4^0
30 1:23 2.5 7:46 5.7 2:47 . 0-.0 9:55 • 4.2
31 2:18 2.7 S:30 B.'J 3:32 0.5 10:46 4.5
1 3:08 .2.7 9:15 6.1 4:17 1.0 11:24 4.6
2 3:57 2.6 10:00 6.3 5:00—1.2
H Wl - L. W |I1 W L \V|
: «t 0:10i 4.8 4:47 2.7il0:4S fi.1 5:471—1.2
4 I 0:55| 4.9| 5:37| 2.7|11:3S| 6.0 6:3l|— 1.1
NOTE — In the above exposition • of the tldea
the early morning tides are jriven in the left
hand column and • the successive tldea . of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of th«
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. ' The heights Riven are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height." and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of th« lower low waters.
An interesting musical and literary
entertainment was given -.by members
of Professor L. D. Ventura's Polyglot
Club last evening: at the United Craft
and Art building, 2203 Central ave
nue. There were readings in English,
Italian and French and songs by com
posers • of different* nationalities.
Among'those that contributed to the
programme fwere Professor Ventura,
the Westminster quartet (Miss F. Per
kins, Miss E. Marrack, W. E. Hague
and W. F. Davis), Mrs. A. M. Tomkin,
Miss G. Llewellyn- Jones, Miss L. Ca
valli. Miss" M. *Abeille, Miss Aecor and
R. A. Lucchesi. &
Polyglot Club Entertainment.
TUESDAY. DECEMBER 29.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlssion-etreet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: .the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
Eteamer. For. I Sail*.
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports.lJan. 1
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way PtslJan, 2
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Ports.lJan. 3
Dolphin...... Fkagwny & Way Ports. 'Jan. f»
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. | Jan. 10
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
. Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
The suit of Christina J. Anthony to
set aside a decree of divorce obtained
by Dr. Richard J. Anthony, which for
several days has been on trial in Judge
Hebbard's court, \va£ argued and sub
mitted yesterday. Attorney Savage of
the firm . of Dorn, Dorn & Savag6
argued on behalf of Dr. Anthony ami
Attorneys Grant Carpenter and Charles
A. Lee presented Mrs. Anthony's case.
An early decision was promised by
Judge Hebbard at the conclusion or
the argument.
Chellsi D. Garratt obtained an inter
locutory decree of divorce from Milton
D. Garratt in Judge Kerrigan's court
yesterday. Garratt, who is the son of
VV.- T. Garratt of the firm of W. T.
Garratt & Co., deserted her a short
time after their marriage in Chicago.
Seven days after getting a divorce
from Lewis Collins, Bertha Sweet Col
lins went to Sacramento and < became
the wife of Philip Orbell. This was
September 28 last. Now she has filed
an action to have her marriage to Or
bell annulled because she did not
know that she should have waited a
year after getting a divorce from Col
lins hefore marrying again.
Charles P. llobinson, who, in 1888
at Santa Barbara, was married to Ella
E. Gilbert, filed a suit yesterday to
have his marriage annulled. He claims
that at the time the marriage cere
mony was performed she was hot free
to wed. He says she has a husband,
from whom she has not been divorced'.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce
were granted to Fannie C* Ayers from
\V. F. Ayers for neglect, Letitia Mc-
Farland from R. G. McFarland for de
sertion and Maud E. Fulham from
Leo H. Fulham for cruelty.
: A suit for divorce on 'the ground of
desertion was filed by Annie Terry
against James C. Terry.
Judge Hobbard Hears the Argument
of Attorneys and Promises an
Early Decision.
CHRISTINA ANTHONY'S SUIT
JS UNDER CONSIDERATION
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
, 1 1
December 39. I I
C.Panamn.. N. Y. via Panama. U2 mlPier 40
F. LeK&ett. Astoria & Portland 10 am Pier 2
Elizabeth..- Coquille River 4 pra Pier 20
W. Krujter. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am|Pier 24
> December 30. j |
Eureka Humbol'tt I 9 amIPifr 13
Rainier.... Seattle *; Whatcoml 4 pmlPier 10
Pomona.... Humboldt |l:30 p|Pier 9
N. Maru..V China & Japan....) 1 pmlPier 40
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm|PIer 2
December 31.
State Cal.. San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Bonita Newport & Way .. 8 am Pier 11
Sierra Sydney *: Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
Centennial. Seattle' & Tacoma. 5 pmlPier "O
Alliance.'... Kureka & Coos Bay 5 pmlPier lfi
Arcata:.... Coos B-Pt. Orford.llO amlPIer IS
Empire Coos Bay direct. ..110 ami Pier 13
January 1. II
North Fork. Humbolilt '. i 5 pnvPjer 20
January 3.
Spokane.... Humboldt l:30pPier 9
Pt. Arena. . Pt. 'Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 12 in Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 amfPler u
Chlco ". Coquille River .... fi pm!Pier 2
S.Monica.. Grays Harh&r .... 4 pmlPier 2
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion C pm'Pler 3
Arctic Humboldt (Pier 2
January 3. I
O.W. Klder Astoria & Portlandlll amlPIer 24
Centralla... Los Angelen T'ortd.l 4 pmlPier 2
Santa Rosa. San Diego *.\Vay.| 0 amlPier 11
January 4. | | v
Coot Bay.. San Pedro a \V*ay.i 9 amlPier 11
January. 6. | |
Marlpcsa... Tahiti direct ill amlPier 7
Umatilla... Pup»t Sound Ports. Ill am I Pier 'J
January 7. I
Fiberla f China & Japan '1 pmiPier 40
Curacao....) Mexican Ports 10 amlPler 11
TO SAIL,.
NORTH GERMAN LLOYD'S
FAMOUS TRAINING SHIP
HERZOGIN CECILIE.
Considerable interest has been mani
fested in the German bark Herzogin
Cecilie. now due here from Newcastle,
England. She is bringing merchandise
for the Iota! market, but it is not the
cargo that marks the vessel as some
thins different from the scores of other
windjammers that blow In and out of
tUe Golden Gate. The Herzogin Cecile
is owned by the North German Lloyd
Steamship Company and is used by
them as a school for training officers
for the company's big passenger steam
ships. On the voyage that should now
be approaching an end the ship carries
about sixty cadets. Some of these are
first voyagers, others are almost ready
to be transferred to one of the fast
liners for the completion of their nauti
cal education and the commencement
of their professional career.
Tho cadevs are carefully selected in
the first place and their education is
in the hands of a corps of competent
instructors. As the Herzogin Cecilie
engages in ocean freight carrying, the
same as any other merchantman, go
ing wherever the best freights offer and
carrying cargoes according to the will
of the charterer, the horizc-n of cadet
life is wide and the opportunity for
learning the business part of sea life
almost without limit.
The Herzogin Cecilis has not been in
San Francisco, but last year visit9d
Portland, Or., where the German col
ony showered the cadets with atten
tion. During her stay at Portland nore
than 25,000 people visited the schcrol
»=hin. She is a four-masted bark of
ZH2 tons register and was built in 1902
at Bremerhaven. She is commanded
by Captain Warneeke and as she 13 a
very fast' sailer is due here any day.
Overdue Willy Rickmers Arrives.
Grave anxiety is manifested for the safety
of the little BriUth bark I/Jch Brcdan, which
was quoted for reinsurance yesterday at 50
iwr cent J^hc is lio-jnd from Adelaide for
l'oit Natal and U out 119 da.v^. This voyage,
tinker ordinary circumstances, would take about
fifty clays, or less than half as lonir as the
Ixch Rretlan has already occupied. The rate
on th> Paris ha« b<-eu a-lvanced to C"i per
rent. The \V. J. Pierrle is still quoted at 1« per
cent. Thrt German phln Willy Rickmers.
whirh was reinsured at 15 r*r cpnt. reached
Bremen yesterday, 131 days out from Rangoon.
Collides With Barkentine.
The i=row schooner Robert and Henry yes
terday drifted across the stern of the barken
tine XcrthweM, but the tangle was cleared
without serious damage to cither vessel.
bixtfa Annual Mcctinc; of PadSc Coast
Association <>i»cm- in Hopkins
In-iitntc of Art.
piiiix)Louists assi;.mbli:
am> listen* to papers
In the unavoidable absence of Pro
f'_s?or A. T. Murray, president of the
Philological Association of the Pacific
Coast. Vice President W. A. Merrill
occupied the chair at the fifth annual
meeting of that organization yester
day afternoon in the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art. About twenty-five of
the seventy members of the association
were present, but # the attendance is
sur? to increase be'fore the final ad-
Joununent «^ the meeting to-morrow.
The lirst uusiness attended to was
the appointment of necessary commit
t<cs, \vhi< h resulted as follows: Xomi
natiou of ofTn-ers — Professors Senger,
Klmor? and Gleason: auditing treas
urers accounts — Messrs.' Mower,
Cogrgswell and Alien; to select time
and plai-e of next meeting: — Professors
Cooper. Xuttins: and James.
After th^ reading of the report of
Secretary-Treasurer' J. T. Matzke,
nkich showed the association to be in
healthy .' financial condition, the fol
lowinj; papei-s were read and dis
cussed:
"Th" Plural of Sreolates," Professor
M. L. Margolia, L'nivcrsity of Califor
nia: "Concessive Si Clauses In Plau
tus." I>r. It C. Xuttingr. University of
California: "The Subjunctive in tiie
So-Called Quod Clauses." Professor J.
Elmore Stanford: "The Chinese
Drama." Professor J. Fryer, University
of California.
Professor Fryer's paper reflected
exhaustive research and study of the
Chinese drama and awakened' more
interest than any other paper read
during the session.
The association reassemblpd at 8
o'clock and listened to an illustrated
talk-on 'The Etruscan Xekropolis of
Abbadia del Flume. Near Pitigrliano."
by I>r. Emerson of the University of
California. The sessions will be re
sumed ct 0:30 o'clock this morning 1 .
Sailor Dies at Sea.
Kitrh Dillon, a sailor on the schooner James
A. Garfleld. . died on December 21 and was
burled at sea. The Garfleld arrived yesterday,
15 days from San Pedro.
Water Front Notes.
The Pacific Mail Company s steamship City
of Panama will sail to-day for the- Isthmus.
The Matson Navigation Company's steam
ship Ilosecrans, Captain Johnson, sailed yes
terday for HUo.
The bark John and Vv'ir.throp, the fast of the
snerm whaler? In port, yesterday Rhlppcd her
crew and to-day will start on her regular
rmitr
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Companv's liner Coptic, Cartaln Beadncll, ar
r-:vi-<l yesterday at Honolulu.
The army transport Crook was anchored yes
terday near tHe lU-'ntcrs Point Drj' dock, into
which she will be placed this morning after
the Ruford has been floated off.
riviends lo IU« Man of Wealth
Mrs. L,znily P. Jones, 2008 Pine
treet. secured a warrant from Police
uds* Cabanisa yesterday for the'ar
cst of George Stevenson on a. charge
f.nbtainir.K money by false pretenses,
he says she answered an advertise
nr-nt for ;i l:ous<;keepcr and Steven
on called upon her and promised her
ly; job. Ho told her he was chief
ngir.eer of the water works at San
ose. had SC3.000 in bank and owned
eal estate. Mrs. Jones claims ho se
ure<l $50 from her by . pretending
hat he had forgotten his purse and
he now allegrvs that he is not what
e represented himself to be and
!nfs not require a housekeeper. De
rctive T. B. Gibson has charge of the
,«._ . . ¦ «. • .-. ¦ - ;-••- ¦
NEWS OF THE OCEAN*.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
*Thf bark General Fairchlld (at Honolulu)
was chartered prior to arrival for lumber from
Whatcom to Sydney at'GOs. •
The e?hocner Compeer loads redwood at Eu
reka for Sailna Cruz.
Notice to Mariners.
OREGON AND WASHINGTON
Notice Is hereby given that Clatsop spit gas
bur.y," a red conical buoy swrmounted by a
cape incloslnr lanttrn. showlnz a fixed white
llKht during periods of five seconds, separated
by erjlrsep of eix seconds, was established
D.eeember 23 in f.fty-sU feet of water oft the
northwest point of " Clatsop spit, Columbia
River.
Cape Disappointment lighthouse. NW S N;
Desdemora Sands lighthoum*. E U N; Point
Adams (discontinued), lighthouse, SE by E
'.4 E.
This buoy J» placed an an exi^riment only
and it may te discontinued" without further
notice.
This notice affects the List of Lights and
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast, 19i)3, rage 2S. after
No. 01. Also List of Beacons and Buoy*, Pa
cific coast. l»o:;. page bZ.
Uv order of the LiKhthouee Board.
4 C. G. CALKINS.
Commander U. E. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
Offlee of inspector. Thirteenth Lighthouse
D;Mri'-t < Portland. Ore., December 24, 1903.
from Smiths Cove, bound to Redondo; put In
fur orders.
Schr .lames A Garfleld, Norby, 15 days
from San Pedro.
CLEARED
Ptmr Columbia. Doran, for Portland, O R
& N Co.
Nor stmr Tellus, Arntzen, for Ladysmlth,
R Dunsmuir Sons Co.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Monday. December 2S.
Stmr nosecrans". Johnson, for Astoria.
U S stmr New York, Hunker, for Panama.
Nor Ptmr Tc!lui», Arntzen, for Ladysmlth.
Stmr WhitjRboro, Olsen, for Greenwood.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland. for Mendocino.
Stmr Aurelia, EYickson, for Portland.
Stmr Francis II. LeBgett, Reiner, for Fort
lan.l.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, for Caspar.
Strrr Melville Dollar. Ellefsen, for Redondo.
Or ship Monkbams, McNeeley, for Queens
town.
Br bark Stiathgryfe. Mclntyre. for Queens
town. . .
t-crtr Newark. Reinertsen, for Stewarts
Point.
POINT LOBOS, O)ec 2S, 10 p m — Weather
hazy, wind calm.
1 * . SPOKEN*.
Dec 11. lat. 2 south. Ion. 34 west— Br ship
Sokoto. from Iquique. for Norfolk.
'Dec 12. lat. 16 south. Ion. 26. west — Br ship
Lucipara. from Newcastle. England, for ¦ Se
attle. - *
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SOUTH .BEND— Sailed Dec 28— Bktn Glean
er for San .Francisco.
MARSHFI ELD— Sailed Dec 28— Stmr Arcata,
for San Francisco; stmr Empire, for San
FranciFCo; stmr Czarina, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Valencia,
for Skagway; stmr Dirigo. for Skagway.
Sailed Dec 1HS — Stmr Shawmut, lor China
and Japan.
Arrived Dec 28 — Jap stmr Sblnano Maru,
from Yokohama. •
PAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Olym
pic, for Falrhaveri.* , .'
. Arrived Dec 28 — Stmr Despatch, from Re
dondo.'
Sailed Dec 28 — Stmr Alcazar, for San Fran
cisco; schrs Balboa and Wilbert L. Smith, for
Port Townnenrt: bktn Quickstep, for Tacoma.
VENTURA— Sailed Dec 28— Stmr Whlttler.
for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Francisco. . »
Sailed Dec 28 — Stmr Leelanaw, for San
Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Dec 28, 4 a m —
Stmr linnita fer San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 28, 10 a m— Stmr Santa Bar
bara, henre Dec 27. /
-Sailed Dec. 23— Stmr Coos Bay, for San
Trancisco.
HAKDY CREEK— Sailed Dec 27— Stmr
Marehn>ld for Eureka.
TACOMA — Arrived Dec 27 — Br ship Pass of
Brander from Victoria.
TATOOSH — Passed Dec 28 — Stmr Leelanaw,
from Taeoma for San Francisco.
REDONDO — Arrived Dec 28 — Stmr Santa
Monica, hence Dec 20; stmr Alcazar, from San
Pedro. , .
Sailed Dec 28 — Stmr Despatch, for San Fran-
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr
G C Lindhauer, hence Dec 24; stmr Centralla,
hence Dee 24: «tmr Newbunr, hence Dec 24;
schr Defisnce. hence Dec 1C.
balled Dec 27— Stmr Homer, for San Pedro:
stmr Sequoia, for San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 28 — Schr Dauntless, for San Pe
dro; schr Roy Somers, for San Francisco;
stmr-Chehalis, for San Francisco.
POINT REYES — Passed Dec 2S — Stmr
Melville Dollar, from Eagle Harbor for San
Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived , Dec 2S^-Br
ship Clan Graham, hence Dec 9.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Argyll,
hence Dec IS: br ctmr Coptic from Yokohama;
fhip Henry Ylllard, from Newcastle, Australia;
etmr Pennsylvania from Nanaimo. . *
Arrive*" Dec "8 — Br stmr Doric, hence
Dec 22.
' KAHULUI— Sailed Dec 26— Stmr American
for Delaware breakwater.
ArriveU Dec 17 — Schr Matthew, Turner,
from Newcastle, Australia.
FOREIGN TORTS.
GREENOCK— Arrived Dec 26— Br ship Lar
go Bay from Eureka.
RUNOORN— -Arrived Dec 25— Br ship Stron
ea hence Aug 10.
SHANGHAI — Arrived prior to Dec 26 — Stmr
Victoria; from Tacoma.
SYDNEY— Arrived Dec 21— Nor bark Bono
vento. from ' Honolulu;. Ft bark General de
Sonis. from Honolulu.
TENERIFFE— Sailed" Nov 29— Ger etrar
The ben for San Francisco.- , - . ¦ .
, SHANGHAI— Arrived Dec 20 — Bktn Maka
well from Port Townsend. ".,.
CALLAO— Sailed Dec 25 — Ger stmr. Memphis
for Pan Francisco.
BREMEN- Arrived Dec 28 — G«r ship Willy
Rlckmets from Ransoon. '
.CAPE TOWN— Sailed Dec 23— Bark Chal
lenger for Nev/castle, Australia.
HONGKONG — Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Korea,
for San Francisco.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday. December 28.
Sjmr Gipsy. Leland. 20 hours, from Moss
Landing-.
Ktrnr Centennial, Strand, SI hours from Se
attle-.
.Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen. 14 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Mandalay. Payne, 37 hours fromiCres
cent City. /.' •
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. 20 hours from Eu
reka. •
Ftmr Eureka. JrgFen. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 40- hours
from San Pedro.
Slmr Melville Dollar. ElleUen, 100 hours
Steamer. . From. I Due.
Leelanaw. ... Tacoma .'. IDec. !!!» >
CltyPuebla.. Puset Sound Ports Dec. 2I» !
VV. II. Kruger .Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 2H I
Curacao Mexican Ports Dec. 29 •
Mariposa Tahiti Dec. 29 !
North Fork.. Humboldt I Doc. '.'!);
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.lDcc. 211 I
Titanla Nanaimo 'Dec. 29 ]
Czarina Coos 13ay |Dec. 3i> j
Peru Ntnv York via Panama. ! Dec. 30 j
Alliance Portland * Way Ports.|Dec. ::o |
Chico '. . Coquille River Dec. ::<» j
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec. :io 1
Arctic Humboldt Dec. ISO j
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. Dec. .".0 i
San Pedro... Kan Pedro Dec. 30 I
Spokane Huinboldt U->ec. ol
Santa Rosa.. San DIpro & Way Pts. Dec. 31
Point Arena. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Dec. 31
C. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Dec. 31
Cooa Bay 'San Pedro & Way Ports Jan. 1
Umatllla ¦. Puf?et Sound Ports Jan. 2
Eureka...... Humboldt Jan. 2!
Iaqua Grays Harbor Jan. 2 ¦
Olympic. San Pedro Jan. "'
K. Dollar.... San Pedro Jan. 2*J
S.Monica.... San Pedro IJan. 2
Central la.. .. Grays Harbor . . . : |jan. .! •
J Dollar Seattle & Tacoma IJan. 3 1
Pomona Humbrfldt » IJan. 3
State of Cat. San Diego & Way Pts. IJan. 4 !
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. |Jan. 5
nival Willapa Harbor (Jan. tt
Alan:eda Honolulu IJan. 6-
Coptic....... China & Japan ! .|Jan. 5 1
Columbia..., Portland &. Astoria Ian. 5.
Pan Juan.... New York via Panama. Jan. 7 i
Queen '. ' Puget Sound Ports.. : .IJan. 7
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
"Ylang-ylang exports have shown
marked increase and give promise of
substantial growth in the future as one
of the rising products of tht; Philip
pines. It is reported to be an almost
certain crop and to yield a profit as
hish as $5 a tree a month."
"Sugar and tobacco have shown sub
stantial increases, but the exhortations
of cigars and cigarettes have shown a
considerable decline.
"The increase of exports for-the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1903. over the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1902, is $12,517,241—
a most gratifying showing, all circum
stances considered.
"Hemp (as commercially called, but
technically 'Manila fiber') mav well be
ranked, as king of exports from the
Philippine Islands, as it nmounts in
value to about two-thirds of the entire
exports! Hemp exports have 3hown a
steady Increase during the last four
years, the value for the fiscal year end
ing June 30. 1903. being an increase of
$5,860,259 over the, fiscal year ending
June 30, 1902.
"The copra industry, too, has shown
a most remarkable increase of more
than' 200 per cent over ih* previous
year.
"The above products of the Philip
pines were exported to fifty-one coun
tries, of which more than one-half went
to the United States and England.
"The United States rises 'from the
second to first place, leading England
to the extent of $5,063,730, whoreas for
the previous year England led the
United States to the extent of $40S,733.
"Excluding sold and silver coin
France stands third in the list of coun
tries to which exports wore made,
Japan fourth and Hongkong fifth.
"The abnormal exports of Mexican
silver coin >to Hongkong .give- that
place a prominence in the list which
it would not otherwise occupy.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Sailed Dec 2S— Stmr Vader-
Ian1. fpr New York.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Dec 28— Stmr Patricia,
from liainbur; fir New York.
MOVILLE— Sailed Dec 28— Stmr FurnessU.
fron: (Jlastow for New Tori
GENOA— Sailed Dec 2S — Stmr Romanic, for
Boston.
MAZATLAN- Sailed Dec 25— Stmr reru. for
San Franciaco.
Articles— ". Quantity. Value tn U. 3. Gold.
Hemp 180.058 tons $21,701,575
Cordaso G8, 71)5 lbs * 7,771
Cocounuts ' ,. 1,405 lbs 03
Cacao . . .' 57 lbs 11
Copra 2I5,29:S,OUI lbs 4'.472,G79
Ccconnut oil . ." 828 guU 3B5
Ylang-ylang oil * &, 093 gala IO4.KI0
Kaw susar , 246,155,082 lbs 3.U35.828
Candy ami confectionery :il,75l lbs • ' 1.128
Tobacco (unmanufactured) 20,(i2i!,Gl.'J lbs OOit.'OlO
Cigars < llfl.721,000 i 947.144
C'.Karettcs £0,50. r S,lKiO ' ' 20, OW)
All other articles , II 1.582.583
Mexican money, guM value (almost entirely to Hung- ¦ |
kon«> i 6.977.741
Total $¦:;>. 074,328
"Articles exported frnm the Philip
pine Islands during the fiscal jear end
ing June 30, 1903:
Deputy Collector N. S. Farley of the
local Custom-ho\ise is in receipt of the
following interesting: statistics from XV.
E. 'PuHIam, Special Deputy Collector of
Customs at Manila:
Statistics of Collector of Cus
toms Show That the Copra
Industry Has Grown Rapidly
"Th<"- appellant alleges that there was
rv> chart ta!»le on the Iaqua. and in lieu
thereof he made use of his berth. This
should be remedied by the owners of
that steamer, and of all other steam
ers that may be without a chart table."
• That freouent fire boat drills are
\ r :v necessary on board ocean passen
=r: - Btttuncr* goes without saying.
"As I lind that the appellant, whose
Conner record as a shipmaster of many
years' experience was first class, the
<>nly mitigating circumstance in his
« ase <>n the occasion under considera
tion was that lie was somewhat ill on
th<* night i«f the disaster to the Iaqua
and unintentionally went to sleep with
out first havins given the chief officer
most positive instructions to take
soundings, which would have shown at
any time within an hour before the
vppsH struck that sho was inside of the
thirty-fathom line as shown on the
charts. ' • .* ?..
"During the trial in the lower court
it was Eboxrn by the log of the Iaqua,
as well as by the evidence of the aj)
l>iieant, that there had been no fire or
boat drill en that vessel while under
command of the appellant, as required
by law. for more than two months prior
To th^ disaster. It was mainly for that
reason that the lower court revoked his
license. There was no other course left
that court U> pursue under the rules
ana regulations of the Board «>f Super
vising Inspectors. That rule was adopt
ed when li'-r-nses to officers were issued
for 'W year only, and should have
boon modified to suit the change
brought about by the authorization of
tho issuance of licenses in 1S97 ahu
thereafter for five years.
"I rfvi'.i bring thai matter to the at
tention of the board at its next meeting
in Washington with a view of giving
J.ical boards more discretion, as they
should have, in such matters.
Captain John Berminghara. United
States supervising inspector of steam
>Vssels. hst" modified the judgment of
Inpp<x:tors BoUea and Bulgrsr revoking
the license o£ S. Bonnifield for negli
gence and unski'J.fulness in running the
steamer Iaqua upon the rocks during
.1 dense fog en October 10, 1903. The
modified judgment suspends the license
for seventy-five days from and after
October "". The following are extracts
from the decision:
Judgment of Revocation Is Set
Aside and Seventy - Five
Days' Suspension I* Imposed
MITIGATES HIS SENTENCE
HEMP IS- FIRST OX LIST
.Supervising Inspector Shows
Mercy Toward the Captain
of the Rock-Pierced Iaqua
Millions in Products Are Sent
From Philippines to This
Country in Course of -Year
Herzogin Cecilie, on Which the North German Lloyd Steamship
Company Trains Boys for Officers on Its -Big Atlantic Liners,
to Arrive Here From Old World With Sixty Cadets' Aboard
LICENSE SAVED
TO BONNIFIELD
BIG EXPORTS
FROM MANILA
FAMOUS SCHOOLSHIP IS DUE
HERE WITHIN NEXT FEW DAYS
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL/; TUESDAY. DECEMBER 29, 1903.
10
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* lcuv« ami »r« <lu « l " »rri ve ac
hA.N VIC AN CISCO.
(Mala jLlo^l 11 . > t * f>wl Strc ' et > .
~ r^it - ~V*.jj^£ejLyknx**>. 1WJ. — ai. k i t «_
FqOa. v»citTliie. tVmicrab liu.u»ey.. J 55p
7 00* CenK-Ja, SuHun. Eimiruan.l Sura-
in.-r.L.. /-25P
7.30* Valirjo. N.i|.«. Caitstoca. &aat»
l;,,«a. Marline:, Sna Kamjn 623p
7.30* NUM. Ltvermorc. Tracy. Lathrop.
s:i)ck:o!» .. /ZjI 6 *
i.00* 8hi»»w Bxpwes'-t (Via l>«vls..
WlilUuu (for HartJett Sprla^-sJ.
TVHIowi tbruto. Kci Ulua. •
Portland. Tacoina, Seattle 7.5a?
i 00* fHTH. Woodland. Knictsu Lii!idinifc ¦ >~
Miiryaville, OroTllic /so5*
•8 33* Port Co»ta. .Martinez. Aatlocii.
Hyron. Tracv. Stouliton. JCew"
lima. Lo* B»nos. Mendoti*.
Arai-jna. Haafunl. VI a a- 1 la.
I'urtcrv.IlB 4...5J
8 3D* Tort Co»tx Mirtlne/. Tracv. LalU-
rO p, .\|adi;stu. Merced. Fresno.
(;.^|j«tii Jnactton. llaafunl.
Vl*ail*. IJalsersfteld 455»
I 30* Xtles, S:n> .lose, Mvcrmore. SI<k:K-
t»n (*-MHti»u). Ion?, anenmento.
riacervRW. Marj»»i:ie. CU!c«.
i:.-.i n:urr 4.25f
nori». T'liiliinricanit AnsiMa 4 25P
9 (10. Atlaai!ckxpre-»»-Oc.leninUK^«. 112j*
t40!'UfcbiMad, Martluex «o<l Way
StiltfOIH 6-OJF
10 00* The overland l.Hnlted - i-gdcu.
iu.uu* , >eUTt . r , omuha. Chlcaso. 6 V>*
10.00* V»!leJ.> ••¦¦• '2.2a»
10.00* Los Ana-le* I'»»«eii4«r — 1 ort
Coata. Mirf.ncz. Uyr.o. Trncr.
Iatbrop. Stockton. Merced.
Ilaymond. Fretnu. Uo«hf n Junc-
t!on, Hanford. Leraoore. \ Uails.
B»ker»n<-M. to* Angciea.. 7.^jp
12 00m Jlaywanl. NISeaand Way Statlont 3 25?
t'ioOP Paersmento Hirer Sleamers tll.oar
ISOr Benlclm Winter*. Sacrnraento.
WooUiand. Knighta L.iudlnft.
* Marysvllle. OrorJlle aad way .
3 30r Haywani.xilei and Wny Station!.. 7 55f
Uor Port Coita, Martian. BjroB.
Trucy. I.atnrop. Mo<le»to.
Jtei^eJ. Fresno and Way Su-
lions bevoad Port Co«;». ....... 1225?
5.30r Martfoez.Trwy. Stock-ton L.«ll... 1025*
4 CCr Martlae».S»nlUm!>n.ValleJOi>apa,
CalUtoica. S«nt»i:-Jsa 9 23*
4 00r Slle*. Tracy. Stockton, Lodl . 42?'
4 30r Uaywarrt. Nlles. lrvingtoa. Saa» t8.6a*
Joae. Llvermore » t11.5aA
BCOr Th« Owl Limited— Ne*m%n. Lo*
Banos. Mrndoia. Fresno. Tulare. " ( V.
i:n'»ersfli*!il. LoiAnKelcs.
Golden State Llaitu-d S>eper.
Uakland to Vem An)tfle«, for cbl-
rajfo, via C.K LAP 855*
6.00r Port Co«ia. Tracy. Stockton *%iii r
t5 30r Hayward. Nlles and San .lose i 2 ? 4
6.00p Hayward.Klles and San Jose 3.55*
6 COr Eaarcro Eipr^ss— u*il>-a. Denver.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago »n<l
East. Port Costa, P.entetn. Sui-
«un. Elmtra, Davis, S.icrament<i,
Hocklln. Auburn, Colfax,
Trucker. Boca, lleno. Wads-
worth, Wlnnemucca S23r
6 00i» Vallejo, da!ty, except Sunday.... '. 7 s -.
7 00r Vallejo, Sunday only »
7 COr hlchmoad. san Pitblo. Port Costs,
Martlnei am! Way Stations 1123*
8C5r Oregon * California Einrena-Sac-
raaieato. MarysTllle, Kedd!ng.
PurtUnd, Puget Sound and East. 8-53*
9.10r Uaywanl. Miles and San Jiso<Sun- ¦
day only 1155*
COAST LINE (Sarrnw Oangn).
' (Koot of .Mitrltet Street.) .
b-15* Newark. Centerviile. S»n Jo»e.
Fcltnn. Boulrter Creek. Santa . m
Cru2 and Wsy Stations 6 oa*
t2.15r Newark, Centtrvllle, San Jose,
New AlmaJen.Lo* Gntos.relton.
• Boulder Cr»ek. Santa Crus aud
Principal V.'ay Statlona t10S5*
415r Newark. San Jose. LosOatos and t *8.55 *
way »t«tlons t t"»9 55 *
fi9 30r Hunters Train. Sdtnnlay only. Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Ucttirn-
lce from Lo* Gatos Sunday onlr.. XI 25*
oakland~har¥or fer r y.
rrom bAN Fi:ANCli>CO. iuulof .Marktt St. (allp<»
— 1::15 »:00 11:C»J*.M. 100 300 5-15 r.M.
*rom OAKLAND, toot of Brondway — ?b:0» V . «
1%-.0* 1U:UU a_m. 12X0 2 CO _4 00 pm.
COAST LINE (ISroaJ toa«ee).
t5f- iTUIrrt «n-l Townaend Street*.)
610* San Jose acHvay Stations 6 30r
700* San Jose and Way Station* 5 3Sr
800* N>w Al-naden fTurs., Krld.. only>. 4-10*
8 00* The Coaste*— Stops on!y S,»' Jo»e,
llllroy »*.>nnectlon Tor Hol!!a-
ter), Pajaro. Caatrovllle (i-»o-
ii»i-tion to and from Monterey
»n<1 Pai-lflc Grove). .Salinas. San
Arilo, Paso Roblcs. San^t M*r-
KarIta.S-n Luis t)b!sjv>. prlmlpal
nations thence Surf (collection
for Lompoc). principal station*
thence Sanu B*rbar».S»n P.uenv
Tcntnrs. Sausis. Los Angrle*... 10 43»
t.CO* 6an Jose, Tre» Plnoi. C»pltola.
SantaCrui.Pacincfirove.Salinna.
h*n Luis obt«po and Prlo'lpal .
Way Station* ?.. *"1S
10-30* Pan jose and Way Stations . .. 1-20'
1130* Santa Clara. San Jove. Los Gatos
and Way Station* 7 30i»
1 30r San Jose and Way SUtlons 8 JS*
b. Cur Del .Monle Kxpre's— Santa Clara.
San Jos«. Pel Moate. Monterey. Q
Pacific Grove (ronoects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder „
Cre»k and Narrow i.ji; 1 Polau>
¦ t Gt'.roy for Hol'Jster. Tres
Plnos. at Cantrnvtll? for Sailna*. 121S^
S^(0r Tres Plno« War Pansenser IT 4S*
4 30p han Jose and Way Stations '8 00*
t6 00>* San Joe. (via SwtiCvr Los
(iatos. and Principal Way Sta-
. tlons (except Sunday) ?") CO*
»6-20r SanJoseandP.-lnc pilWayS^itJons J9 40*
S.LOr bantAt Limited.— Kedwond. San
Jone.Gllroy.Sallnas.VasoKobles.
San Luis OhUpo. Snnta Barbara.
Los Ange!i-«. Uemlne. Kl P»»o.
New Orleans. New Torfc. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Cnu
and at Ca»trovlil« for Pacific
Grove and Way Station* 7-104
tfl -IBr £an Mateo. neresford,15elmont.?nn
Carlos, Redwood. Kiilr Oaks.
MenloPark. Pa:o Alto .- t« «Hi
8 70r Fun Jose and Way Stations 6-38*
8 00p Pa!o Alto and Way Station* 19-15*
1 1 .30*" South San Francisco. M Ulbrae. Bur-
llnganie. San Mateo, Belmont,
• Pan Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45/
c1130r Mayne'.d. Mountain View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
San Jo«n t9.45»
A tor Mormon. J> for Afternoon.
1 Sanday exeepted. t Snnda/ only.
a 8atnrda7 only.
| Stops at all stations on Sunday.
t»*Only trains stopping at Valencia St. soutalwra
are«:10 *.H^7:00*.M., 11:30 A.M., 3:80r.M., 8:3OP.li.*»
1:00 P.M. r
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANGIibO ANj NURTH PACIFIC
V • BAH. WAY COMPANY.
Tlbnroa Ferry, root ot Market Street.
SAN FSANCISCO TO SAN BAFAET..
WEEK DAT? — T:.-.O. 0:0O ll:0O a. m. ; 12:^S.
3:30. 5:10. 6:>0 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl?
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays^ — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:30 11:^0 a. m. ; 1:^0.
3:.1O 5:C0 (5:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FBANC1SCO.
I WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35. T:30. 0:20. 11:13
a. m.: 12:50 3:40. 5:0o. 5:20 p. m.
! Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 r- rn.
I SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:4<>. 11:15 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:10.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave ) In~ElTect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. -7. lOCt. j San Francisco.
I Week J Sun- | Destlna- I Sao- I WccK
I Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7-30 al H:fto a I 9:10a] 8:4t>a
1 8:30 a Ignacio. 110:40 a 10:20 a
! 3:30 p r.::tO p 6:05 p 6:20 9
8:10 p| 5:C0p' I 7:^5 p|
7:30a | 9:10a! «:40a
8:00 a Novato, 110:40 allO:20 a
3:30 p 9:3Oa Petaluma [«:05p 6:20 p>
1 5:10 p 3:3Op and 7:35 p
5:00 p! Santa Rosa. |
7:30 al jl0:4O a 10:20 »
|S:C0a Fu'.ton. 7:33p «:2i>p
3:S0 p| 3:30 p ¦
Windsor, |
7:30 a 8:C0a Henldsbursr. 10:40 all0.20»
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p G«-yservlUe. 7:35 p! 6:20 p
' I Clovcrdale. |
7:30 a'- S:fn)al Hopland. [10:40*110:20 a
3^30 p!_3fpo p| and Ukiah I 7:.a p{_6:20 l>
"7:30"a'l 8:C0a| Wlllits. f | 7;33~pI (>[- n J>
7:3Oaf8:0«al Il<>:40a:i0:20a
3:3upj 3::;0 p| Guernevine. I 7^5pj *:2t>p
7 : 30 a I S : no a I So~norna~ 1 9:10 a | ••» : *o a
5:10 p| 5;C0 pj Glen Ellen. I fi:U5 t'. 6:-'^p
"7:3Oal"sT0<raj jio7»«> alf(»:- n *
3:30 p| 3:30 pi Stbaatopol. I 7:35 pi ti:2" p
• STAGES connect . at Green Bra* for San
Quenttn: at Santa Hosa for Whit* Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurta and Mark West
Sprlns*: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
fesytlle for Ska«;g9 Springa: at Clovfrdale for
the 'Oeysers. HoonevlUe anu Greenwood: a:
Hopland for'Duncan Springs. Ilijthl3n<iSprinKS.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Spring-". Soda Bay. Ij»ke.
port aiifl Rartlett Sprincs; at Uk!ah for Vichy
Sprlnss. Saratoga Sprinss. Rlue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Vpx.fr Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Pav's. Riverside. Lterly's.
Buckneir* Sanhedrin Hclsht3. Hullville. Orr'a
Hot Sprlnss, Halfway House, fumpu-be. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins Mendmtno Clry. Fort Bra?g
Westport. l>al:" at ¦ Wllllta for Fort trass-
Westport Shertvoo'1 Covello. Layton-
VtlU Cummin**. Heirs Sprinsi. Harris. Ol-
?*n"*). Dyer.. Garberville. reptwrwctxl. ScottA
anrt Eurvka.
Saturday to S»n.lay round-trip ticket*' al re-
duced rat**.
On Sunday rour.J-trlp ticket to all- points
beyort«l Smti Hafacl at half rate*.
Ticket offices. 630 Markrt strr.t. ChronicU.
bulMIn*. _ __- *
H C. WHITING. H- X. UTAN. .
Gtn. Marager. Ge.i. Pa?s Agt.
thTweekly "call
I iSl P©r Year.!
i Positively cured by these
lattle Pills.
They also relieve DIstrcrs from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsl-
acss, Bad -Taste ia the Jlouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PiU. Small Dose.
SmaSl Price.
Famous the World ;
Over— FuHy^MaturetJ^ 1
cfofcf Everywhere. u
HlLBt.l.T iiLKC\.\Vii.t. CO..
l'a<:inc Coast Agents. '
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
PUSEUM OF fiHATOMY*
0 C§ ¦i::iMASis:s:.tj:.;-i:*::i.s.r.:;:. d
X Cjf le L*'?**' Aaitomical Museum in the \
A A Woritl. \.Vikn->-ei or iuy ion:n tfrf ft
, S?lffii rti»e«f p«»ltlwrly var<ii(t<y theo!de>I Y
Q SjQ jS\ jpecialiiton ihe Cols- k*t. 30 >»»rs. Q
A flVg^V A OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ |7pVJ«^ I Consultation frc- »nd «'ri tty print'. \
A S VkXv Tr«»rtnent personally or by l«if.-. A m
V A {/*& Piritit* Curt in every c«se undertaken. T
AtSn \\ I W/itefor Hook. PHILOSOPHY *f A
V * !j \\ aARKlAGK, MAILED FREE. (AJ
X (£. »»iuable book Tor mm) 1
V on. JonnAX a to.. 1051 Market titls. f. r
CUTLLEIRrir
EVEiy,EU^MRRANTED
|Coal Reduction
I American Cannel
1 Sold by All Reliable Dealers. 1
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEARM' «T. Establish*)
in 1*5.1 for the treatment i>f I'rivata
DJaruM. lji»t Mantiood. Debility or
di<n«a»»»-parin»ton hodyand mind ami
Skin I)isMise3. The Ooctorcures wI.pii
others rail. Try him. rlmrem low.
(arr« euarnnt «•«•<!. Cull or write.
Dr. J. F. tilDBON, »an Francisco, Cal.
¦ A mi|Rp M Cared to STAT CURED. Casio !
H O B 18 EH H removpd. Hrallh rwtored. A«r
II V B H |Ua II t»ckt n-ver rMurn. K»t heartily
ffifiaj I I 1 IV9f4 bl"P»"lni»ht.doanTthlnfr. V
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ anywhers. No further need ol i
medicinea. Bonk 6O FREE. Ninety r«p»«. »'l «b<^il '
A«'hm»»ndU»yi«Ter. P. Harola Hayes.BuCalo, N.T. !
DIRECTORY
. OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Pries Lists Mallei
en Application.
PXtESH AND 8AX.T MEATS.
IIS RftYF^ It Ct\ Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3. DU I CJ g tU. Clay. Tel. Main 1204.
ores.
LUBRICATING OILS; . LKONARD * KLLIS.
413 front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1710.
. . FEINTING.
F f HIIfiHF's PRINTER.
L. V. UUUUEJi > 511 Sansome it.. S. F.
BAIWAT TBAVEI. ,\
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICACO
LEAVES DAILY
at 9:;tO a. m., through in 3 flays,
with diner and all trapping's.
— — I — i . i
Other Santa Fa Trains:
T:3i) a. m. | for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
n:.^o a. m. V Merce d. Hanford and" Visalia.
8:00 .p. m. J
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
S:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon «nd j
.Chicago. |
TICKET OrriCE — C41 Market St.. and i
Perry Depot. S. r. Also 1112 Broad- j
way, Oakland. Cal. |
. _ |
HTOSAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
via Sausallto Ferry, j
Da &'l:« 3-15. 4:45. 5:45. 0:45.
8: £VrS : ?MfLl^'VAjLLET TO SAN FHAN?'
FK 5 M n-ilV-5-45 «:W. 7:52- 8-™- »:».
\ 65. 9^. 'SJCOH TRAINS.
sis a p s-. c ar/f^xr a e y xcVpVe d °ri
and
""Sundays only-10 a. m.. Tolnt Keye« and
Va T y irKET n 0FFICK-6=6 Market ...
FERRY -Union Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
*" Leave tia basahU Tuny Arrive *
' San Frandaco Tm\ rf Mwtat Sk San Francisco
Week Sun- Sun- Week'
Pays, days >M^^*?^ lfo YS Pl vv
SjflOJA*»:OOA KS3S3^otR I'^soariOUOj
•1:45p Q.OOa t®SBv?CJr l:85r *J:5i>p
6:16r 1O:OOa CtafcSf »:5i)f ,vah p
ll:OO A «:»Or »:ao#
_„..,., l:45p lm/ ft:5Op .«.^_
. -3:15r "VKr T:5»f ...«^
*Cwi«ct Titk itap fcf * Mya at TUlrw Qm^
'TICIfT . J 626 Makkkt St.,( North Shore Railroad
•T7I3B I and Savsauto FntY. Foot Market Sc
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I PLACE YOUR ORDERS EARLY 1
JT IL 20tl! CENTURYl
1 COOK BOOK r
Another shipment will
• arrive about Jannary 21,
; 1004.
i In order to BatLsf y the
demand for this premium
we have ordered another
' carload of these book*,
! and all persons sending to
I The Cook Book Depart*
• ment of thl« paper a six
inontlii' subscription ' to
r The Pally and Sunday
I Call may secure one of the .
I Twentl«h Century Cook
Books at the premium
rate of 50c. - a
[j Oai-oWotrn subscribers should remit
| 20: addiiijeal io prepay transportation
I charges.Convicted of Burglary.
NEW YORK. Dec. 28.— Prices in dry goods
are growing firmer oach day. Wide sheetings
and 4-4 bleached shared In the advances reg
istered to-day, but buyers are still very con
servative. The current week Is always a
quiet one and little is expected in the way of
new business until after stocktaking is com
pleted. Jobbers are busy with clearance
sales and a fair number of buyers Is being
recorded from day to day.
New York Drv Goods Market.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 18@2Cc per lb' '
live Turkeys, ltfiglSc per lb; Geese, per pair,'
%2Q2 25; Goslings,- $2@2 25; Ducks. $5 50@tj 50
per dozen for old and $7@7 r.o for young; Hens
*5'<.i(i; young Roosters, $5@(5: old Roosters S5J*
5 50; Fryers, $4 60@5; Broilers, $3 50<&4 for
large and $2 50f<?,3 for small; Pigeons, $1#1 25
per dozen for old and $2 L';vf;2 50 for Squabs
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $3@4 per dozen; Can
vasback, $3g4; Bprlg. $2 50@3; Teal. $1 50©
1 7ft; Widgeon. $1 50; Bmall Ducks. $1 25#
1 50; Gray Geese $3; White Geese. 75c®Sl;
Brant. J1 for email and $1 50 for large: Honk- ;
ers. $5 for large and $4 for small:; English ' :
Snipe. $5; common 8nlpe, $1 75 j Wild Doves/ '
T!je Poultry market was liberally supplied.
A c^r of Western came in and there were lib
eral supplies of local and Western stock carried
over from Saturday. ¦ Trading was active, as
retailed were busy replenishing their stores,
which had been pretty well cleaned up during
the latter part of last week. There was very
little Inquiry for Turkeys, but as supplies wero
limited prices were firmer.
Game arrived freely and met with a sluggish
demand, and there was quite a surplus, of fine
stock unsold at the close.
Poultry and Game.
Accused of Poisoning a Dotr.
A. Ottlnger. 1301 Page street, se
cured two warrants from Police Judge
Conlan yesterday for the arrest of
Ronald Berliner, a boy living at 118
Lyon street. The boy is charged with
having poisoned a collie dog belong
ing to Ottinger on Sunday and with
battery upon llillard Ottinger. a son
of the complaining witness, at the
same time.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal OH
In bulk, 15c: Pearl Oil in cases. 2l%c; Astral,
21 '-ic; Star. 21%c; Extra Star. 23%c; Elaine.
BAGS— Grain Bag*. r.©5%c; San Quentln,
5.E5c; Wool Bags. 3L*033c; Fleece Twine. 7%O
8c.
COAL. — Wellington. $S .per ton; New We|.
lington, $8: Seattle. $8 60: Bryant. $11 60; Bea
ver Hill $5 00; Standard. $7; Roslyn $7;
Coos Bay $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond $7 50: Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump
$11 50; Cannel. $s 60 per ton; Coke. $11 50«
13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 43 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton, according to brand.
. OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for, cases,
add 8c. Linseed. 45c per gallon for. boiled and
43c for raw; Castor CHI. In cases. No. 1 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 41c for boiled
and 42e tor raw; China Nut. f.0@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut OH. In barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached ..winter Sperm
Oil SOc: natural winter Sperm OH. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale OH. ti.'ic; natural Whala
Oil 60c; extra winter, strained Lard OH. 85«;
No.'- 1 Lard OH. 75c: pure Neatsfoot'.Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Ncatsfoot Oil. fi5c: light Herring OH. 45c;
dark Herring Oil. 4-lc: Salmon Oil. 38c: boiled
Fish. OU 40c: raw Fish Oil. 3ac; boiled Paint
OH* 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
General Merchandise.
Iron clewed at 49s 7d in Glasgow and at 42s
10%d in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was un
changed, although the market Is firm in tone
and some dealers are asking advances. No. 1
foundry, northern, $16@>10; No. 2 foundry,
northern, Jll'ry H: No. 1 foundry, southern, and
No. 1 foundry, southern, soft, $13 50@14.
Copper declined 7s (id In London, closing at
£50 12s Cd for spot ¦ and £50 5s for futures.
Locally copper was quiet. Lake is quoted
at $12 37%«12C2%; electrolytic, $12 25@12 50;
castins, $12 12%&12 37%. :
Lead was unchanged at £11 2s 6d in Lon
don and here at $4 37%.
Speller also was unchanged, at £21 5s in
London and at $5 in New York.
NE\W VORK. Dec. 28.— Tin advanced £2
15s In tho Lcvndon market, with soot closing
at £1.!2 15s and futures at £134. Locally tlh
was higher, chiefly in sympathy with the for
eign advance, spot closing at $28 75©29 50.
New York Metal Market.
Builders' Contracts.
J. B. Lankershlm (owner) with R. P. Hurt
but (contractor), architect John C. Pelton — AI«
terations.and additions to building on N corner
of Fifth and Jessie street!": $18,000.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Fran
cisco (owner) with James W. Smith (con
tractor), architects "Shea * Shea — All work for
a two-atory basement and attic frame build-
Ing on NW corner of Fulton and Steincr'
streets. W 137:6 by N 77:6: $14.5S«.
Lorena M. de la Montanya (owner) with.
John J SJahl (contractor), architects Meyer
& O'Brien — AM work for a two-story frame
building (four flats) on NW corner of Poru^«
and Sacramento streets, N 102:8% by W
37:8. Western Addition lot 834: $12.«C0.
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
(owners) with A. Jackson (contractor), archi
tect All work for a warehouse and shops
on SE corner of Fifth and Tehama streets, S SO
by E 275; $12,200.
Meat Market.
The week opened quiet and unchanged
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: .
BEEF— 0%@7%c for Steers and 5®0c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 8®9c; small. 9®10c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%®8%c; Ewes. 768o
per lb.
LAMB— 0%©10c per lb. . .
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 7©8»*c per lb
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
•The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less SO :
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, SfiOc, Cows and Heifers.
7@Sc; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — t#l%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP- Wethers. 374<g4c; Ewes. 3K@3%e
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — i%0."ic per lb.
HOGS— Live HogK. 140 to ISO lbs, 5%c; over
180 lbs, 6c; sows. 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per
cent o if. and Stags, 40 per cent off from abov* |
quotations. .
CHICAGO, Dec. 28. — CATTLE— Receipt*.
20,000. Steady. Good to prime steers, $4 tK)©
5 80; poor to medium, $3 25«l 75; stockers
nnd feeders. $2@4; cows, $1 5O4i4; heifers, $2®
4 85; tanners'. $1 5CQ2 40; bulls, $2@l ID;
calves. $3&0 CO.
HOGS — Receipts, to-day, 2.1.000; to-morrow,
30,000. ' Market 10c higher. Mixed and butch
ers', $1 fif-Jj4 M; good to choice heavy. $4 7<;Q>
4 90; rough heavy. $4 43©4 70; light, $4 35©
4 »;.V bulk of tales, $4 55®4' 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000. Sheep, strong;
lambs, firm. Good to choice wetherR, $3 803
4 23; fair to choice mixed,. $3®3 75; West
ern sheep, ?2 50@4 25: native lambs, $4 50©
C; Western lambs, $3 75@5 85.
CHICAGO.
Eastefn Livestock Market.
. VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 5©7c per lb;
String Beans, 7@10c per lb; Wax. 7@l(Jc; To
matoes from Los Angeles, 50c@$l per box or
crate; Summer Squash from Loa 'Angeles, $1
per box; Cabbage, 50c per ctl; Carrots, 50c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 7562 per dozen;
Garlic, 0@7c per lb; Egg Plant. 10<&>12%c per
lb; Dried Peppers, 5@8c per lb for Stockton and
H4f!12%c for southern; Dried Okra, 12%c per
lb; Green ' Peppers, 3@5c per-lb; Mushrooms,
25c per lb; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash,
$104712 per ton for round lots and %®lc per lb
for sacked.
There was continued firmness In strictly fan
cy offerings of Burbank Potatoes, but common
and inferior offerings showed no improvement
and such stock was steadily accumulating.
Three car3 of choice Sweets came In and prices
were higher, as receipts are expected to be light
during the rest ot the week. Onions were firm,
at unchanged rate«. •
Los Angeles vegetables arrived freely and as
the demand was nothing extra prices of several
descriptions were lower. Tomatoes were the
most plentiful and they were very weak at
sharply reduced price*. A. considerable portion
of the receipts were soft and overripe and had
to be disposed of quickly. Green Peppers were
still in excessive supply and prices had a. fur
ther decline. Mushrooms were firmer under
limited supplies.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 600
SOc per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25®1 40 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, S.">c4j.$1 10 p*r ctl; River
Red* Ot;«iCOc per ctl; Garnet Chiles. $lftl 10
per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1 C0@l 75 per ctl.
ONIONS— $1SH 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
1 | i Farm Value
CROPS, i Acreage. | Production.! December 1
Corn | 88.001,993!2,244,176,925! $952,S«J,Soi
Winter | • |
Wheat ,.| 32,510.510 3!»9,8G7,250 28e,242,S43
Spring ...||
Wheat .. 16.054.457! 237,0r>4,5R5 150.7S1.977
Oats . ... 27,638,126 784.C94.109 207.6(il,«(>5
P.arley 4.003,137 131.Stil.391 00,108.313
Rye l,»0«.S:)4 20,3(«.41(i 15.993.S71
Buckwh't . 804.894 14,243,644 8.050,733
Flaxseed .. 3,233,220 27,300,515 22,201,057
Potatoes ... 2,l)l<!.8."» 247,127.880 151,(»K,fl0l
Hay S9.B33.7fi9 61.305,940 656,67«,8S0
Tobacco ... 1,037.735 815,912.425 55,514,027
Beans are very quiet, as usual during holi
day week. Red Kidneys are lower, but the
other ki«ds are unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 30@2 40; Pea. $3; But
ters. $3 25: small White, $2 8503; large White.
$2 40ip2 f.0: Pink. $2 ti5@2 M); Red. $3 60; Lima.
$3Jj3 10: Red Kidneys. $4(g4 10; Blackeye. $2@
2 15 per ctl; Horse Beans. $1 50@2.
SEEDS^ — Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow Mus
tard, $2 «>s&2 SO; Flax. $1 feO@l DO; Canary,
tSiSVAc for Eastern; Alfalfa, ll@14c; Rape,
lViCic; Timothy. 6@fl%c: Hemp. 3%<®3%c per
lb; Millet, 3®3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $204/23
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 S0@2 per ctl,
Beans and Seeds.
HIDF.S AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Falted
Steers, 9c; medium, 8c; light, 7%c; Cow Hides
7%c for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags 5c'
Salted Kip. !><•; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted Calf
10%c; dry Hides, 15c; dry Kip, 13c; dry Calf'
IKe; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@30c each; short
Wool. 404/60? each; medium. 70@90c- long
Wool. $1®1 fiO: Horse Hides, salt, $2 75 for
large and $2<ff2 50 for medium. $1 -Jo@l 75 for
small and -50c for Colts; Horse Hides dry
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium $1<S 1 1 ">r
lor small and COc for Colts. Buck Skins Dry
Mexican, 31c; dry salted Mexican 25c- dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins— Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium 3Jc
small. 20c. '
' TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb- No
2, 4c; creas-e. 2%«?3c.
WOOL— Fal! clip— San Jcaquln Lambs' 90
lie: Middle County. ll@12c; Northern Free
ll®12c: Northern Defective. 10@llc: Humholdt
and Mendoclno. 124?.Hc; Nevada. 13@l5c- Ore
gon fine, lSGJIUc; Oregon medium. 17c Per lh.
HOP*— 20HJ24C per lb for California
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— Final returns to
the Chief of the Bureau of Statistics of the
Department of Agriculture from regular and
special correspondents, supplemented by re
ports of special field agents, show the acreage,
production ami values of the principal farm
crops of the United States in 1903 to have
been as follows:
Farm Statistics for T903.
Both Hay and Fecilstuffs are quoted firm,
with moderate receipts all- around. Prices
show no change.
BRAN— $1'J«i20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $26 50(g2S 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $10Q20 per ten.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23@24 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $27«j-28 50;
lobbing. $2fl@30: Cocoanut Cake. $21©22; Corn
Meal. $28 50&20 50; Cracked Corn, $2t)®30;
Mixed Feed, $22S23: Horse Beans, $30®40 per
ten.
HAY— Wheat. $13 0OJ716; Wheat and Oat.
$13©15 BO; Oat. $126*14 50: Wild Oat, $10 5041
12'50; Barley. $10<&13; Stock, nominal — none
here; Alfalfa. $10(gl2 50 per ton.
STRAW — »0tJti5c per bale.
Hay ami Feedstuffs.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March. May.
Optning (I 4% 6 4
Cloing (J 4«i 0 4%
PARIS.
Wheat — D?c. Mar. -June.
Oper.ins 21 90 21 2')
Closing 22 10 21 20
Flour —
Opening 1 28 45 28 30
Closing 28 35 2S 30
Foreign Futures.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2V— Beginning in a
. somewhat irregular and uncertain way, to
ll day's etock market gained strength and breadth
and made a comprehensive advance in price.
A react!.?.* on proflt-takins la the last hour
was followed by a. recovery and a firm closing,
although prices were not at the be?t all
around. The movement during the early part
of the day was not very convincing owing to
the cnaracttr of the stocks which made the
most r.rtl!;ant movements, meet of them being
rarely seen in a conspicuous place In the
market and the wid* movements j n thP , r
prices t^ing affected on a light volume of deal
ing?. The electric stock*, high-prics-d coaler
United States Express. New York Airbrake
R«*lty preferred. North American, Colorado
Fuel and some of the stocks of minor rail
roads were among those which moved upward
from a to 10 iKMnt.". This failed at nrst to
overcome the position of the rext of the market
f-aused by the threatening outlook In the Far
ta?t by the heavy loan fxvTxu-lon digelr> 8 ?d
by the bank stitvment published on Saturday
while the Stock Exchange was closed Th4
market turned definitely upward, when the an
nouncement v.-as made offering gold engage
ment* in London for import. Succeeding en-
K£Ef-tiients brought the toial for the day up to
Sl.iOU.O'J". and this *u the persisting Influence
in lifting price* of the more prominent stocks
and overcoming the doubts caused by the bank
statement. The loan expansion v.as generally
attributed to corxwratlon borrowing and wai
Mippo»"d to be the forerunner of new issues
of tecurltles, *uch a* the $40,000,000 of Lake
J-here bonds offered for sale. The offering
prtc« of -M for this high-grade 4 ptr cent bon.l
wa» interpreted as *«pressing the opinion of
the banking community that the 4 per cent
rate lor time money I* likely to be the mir.l
raUm J or u* I c0 1 nsid « »Ue time. The report
made by the Lake Sh'/re in connection ulth the
new bond offerings of its holdings of subsidary
*tooks. eFi»ecially of Reading*, waa a bullish
ir.ilucnce upon those stocks, and aluo upon Ntw
iork Central, which rose more than 2 rxints
but bM* 1 potat of tie ri*e. St. 1-muI made an
upward rush of 2-5. with an important eff.-ct
upon K'ruimer.t. which is inclined to draw
conclusion* ao to the market attitude of this
Mock - , The fMttu »"« of the market war the
jump of _>» iKjints" in United £tate* Steel pre
ferred oa very h.-avy utkintrF. Stxvulatlve
|-nquiry « a . very alert for light on the e how-
Mrg to b<> made by the corj^ratlon In its r*
•^port of «-arn;nK!t for the pa*t quarter, which
la expected to appear during the first week in
January. Until its app^rance speculation n
the preferr»d stock U emcM to be active
%&££%.££&?* a ™- T< *»' «i«
iJt'ca!? St * ttS bOnd * Wer * unchan e« d on the
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sale?. High. Low cin«A
Atchlsr-n 20.SO0 <»i^ C7»i «££
AtcfcSeon pfd 1.4O0 »2*i •<¦>£ oS?
Baltimore & O 13,000 80 78% ~vl
Celt & Ohio pfd.... 200 8HVi W.5 giij
<a.nadian Pacinc .. C.HOO 120U, lin&L liSaT
Central of N J . . . 500 l<;4"i ivjl ic.1' 4
<niefapeal:e & O .. 2,200 33 "u. 32^ -Vizi
«"hicaro & Alton... :m 35C 33 3514
Chicago & A pfd.. 2,700 74'i 71 u T\£
Chicago & N W .. 1.K0 1C% j.-.ii 13S
Chi & N W H pfd -700 27% 27 >l 27**
<:hicago & N W .. 4.000 171 JCS^4 I7cn'2
Chicago T & T tK»O 9 8U • fiv
• 111 T & T pfd 2W» 17*; 17V 17a/
C C C &' 8t Louis. WV) 7H% Tit 4 79
(^olo Southern — r>oo 14«J j|ti liu
Colo Bo' in Dfd . . 300 t>2% ri2'A t,"tl
Ix-laware &. Hudson 3,»00 171% 10, •« no
Del. Lack & \\\. 000 272 "(XI 270
Denver &RG 20U
Denvt-r & It G pfd 200 70% 70U 701?
Krie 20,400 30^ 29% 29»i
Krie 1st pfd X 700 «9% (!S% <&i*
Trie 2d pfd 1,300 51 % 51 bj *
Great No pfd 175
Hocking Val WtO 73% 73 73 Vi
Hocking VaJ pft!... loO M% 84% 84 >i
1 11 lnol« Central B.«iO0 131% VU>K 131 U
low* Central 100 21 21 20
Iowa Ontra! pfd 38
Kaneas City So .... 100 10% 10% 1914
Kans City So pfd. 500 3C 35% 35
Ix,uisvllle A Nash.. B.tJSO 110 107% 10a%
Manhattan t> 6.400 144% 143% 144 %
Mrtropol 6t Ry .. 8,000 125% 324 '4 125%
Minne&p & Ft Louis 700 C3^ 61 B2
i<i«iourt Pacific .. 21,000 85% 94H 05U
*\\ Kan« & Tex... 200 17% 17% 17%
«W. K & T pfd.. 5,000 40% 33 40
National of Mx pfd ."50%
N Y Central 7.700 122 119% 121%
Norfolk 4- Went .. 2,900 £8% 67% 57%
Norfolk It. W pfd. .... W
Northern Securities. *. 89
Oot*rlo & Wect ... 6,700 22% 22% 22%
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 600
4 85 usual terms; Bakers' Extra*. $4 5004 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90®4 20 per bbl for
Fanilly and $3 !iO@4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25;- Rye Meal, W; nice Flour.
$7- Corn Meal. $H 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Greats, $i 50; Hominy. $* @4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 f>0@4 70; Crncked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 254fS (.'0; in sacks, $U 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley. $6: Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas, $•"• 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. Sftc: three
half barrels. S%c; one tierce 8%c; two tierces
6Vic; five tierces. £%c per lb.
The Chicago market was weaker, though
Ftocks were light and the demand was good.
This market continued dull and unchanged.
Another order for 1,500.000 lbs of Mess Beef
from the Russian Government, deliverable at
San Francisco January 22, is reported re
ceived by the Armours at Kansas City. Whether
thif lr, a sepafate order or has been confused
with that mentioned above remains to be seen
CURED MEATS— Bacon, llfce per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 14o for light.
14%c for extra light. 18e for i^ugar-cured and
20c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured
iHaniB, 14c: California Hams, 13(46i::^c; Mess
Beef. 4J1 50, per bbl; extra Mess. $12@12 50;
Family, $13; prime Mera Pork. $17: extra clear
$24; Mess. Sip: Dry Salted Pork, 12c; Pig Pork
$28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked Beef. 15c per lb
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 9c for pura; half-barrels pure
»%c; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins. 0%c; 3-lb tins.
10c.
The feature yesterday was the report from
Chicago that the Cudahy Packing Company
had received an order for l.OCO.OW lbs. or
500 tons, of Mef.i Beef from the Russian Gov
ernment, shipment to be made so as to reach
San Francisco before January 20. oh which
date two Russian ships will be at this port to
take away the Beef in connection with other
supplies. The order is said to be for the
Russian army.
Provisions.
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet. No. 2 spring wheat. 80c; No.
3. 7feS80c; No. 2 red, 83 Vi i& 80c ; No. 2 corn.
42%; No.~2 yellow, 44%; No. 2 oats, 30»4@
:!5%c No. 3 white, .".'637%c: No. 2 rye. 52%c;
Rood feeding barley, 3S037o; fair to choice
malting, 4.5® 52c: No. 1 flax seed, 03 %c; No. 1
Northwestern, $1; Prime timothy seed, $2 00;
mess pork, per barrel. $12 55&12 57'4: lard,
per 100 pounds, $(i 70i?J<i 75; short r'bn sides
(loose). $0 25$>'ti 37%: «hort clear sides (boxed),
$1; 33(g6 50: whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27;
clover, contract grade, $11 25.
Articles. ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 100,000 C1.000
Wheat, bushels 147,700 4G,4»K)
Corn, bushels 441, COO '152,500
Oats, bushels 31D.100 200,300
Rye, buahels H.HOO 4,000
Barley, bushels 14S.8U0 32.700
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was quiet. Creameries, lti©-2.'lc; dairies,
H'5j21c. Errs, steady at mark, cases included,
2C<327%c. Cheese, steady, 10@10%c.
Emma A. and Wlllard B. Harrlnrton to
George G. Burnett, lot en W line of Lark in
street. 37:8 feet S of Turk, S 25 by W 87:«:
$21,500.
Michael M. Keating to B. Herllhy. lot
on N side of Filbert street, 175 feet E of Polk.
E 25 by N 137 :«; $10.
Armora Curran to Kate Curran. lot on N"
«ide of Grove street. 137:8 feet W of Gough,
W 27:6 by N 68:9; $1.
Marie C. Slevin to Sarah A. Fox. lot on 8
line of Sacramento street. 130:0 feet W of
Webster. W *J4 by S 132:7}i; $10.
James C. Bonrbln to Fred' It L. Hanaen. lot
on S Hoe of Eddy street, S7:6 feet E of Scott,
E 25 by S S2:«; $10.
Columbia Building. and Loan Association to
Effle Mel. Rutter.% lot on E line of Tremont
avenue. 303:6 feet S of Frederick. S 23 by B
80; $10.
Hslene B. Davis and wife and L. Shannon
tr> Arthur O'Leary. lot on S ltn« of Twenty
fourth street. 60 feet E of Cartlett, E 87:8
by S 100; $1.
John and Mary Grace to Ann Carlln, lot
on W line of Fp.ir Oak* street. 133 feet 9 of
Twenty-third, S 31:8 by W 117:6; $10.
Gudmund and Caren Olsen to Claus Belle
sen, lot on S line of Twenty-fifth street, 120
feet W of Castro. W 40 by S 114; $10.
Frederick and Albine B. Zech to Frederic*
Seibtl, lot on N line of Geary street, 37:6 feet
E of Taylor. E 20 by N «0; $10.
Henry W. Hlggins to JoseDh Pilrtr. lot on
S line of Ellis street. 110 feet E of Jones. E
27:« by S 137:«; $10.
Eleanor M Brickwedel to Caroline Brick
wedel. undivided ninth of lot on W line of
Hyde street, 100 feet N of Green, N 20 by W
60; $1.
George P. Fuller to W. Frank Whlttler. lot
on NE line of Frement. 137:6 NTV of Kolsom,
NW 137:6. NE ?-5. SE 45:10. SW 137:6. SK
91:8. SW 137:H: also, lot on W line of Bat
tery street. 51:8 feet S of Pacific, S 40 by W
94: $10.
Mary HoMand to Dennis Hayes, lot on N lln»
of Minna street. 125 E of Fourth E 12:6 by V •
70; $10.
Cora J. Flood to John D. McGIlvray, undi
vided one-half of lot on NW line of Townsend
otreet. 275 W of Seventh, SW 275 by NW 273:
$10.
Clarerce U. and Katherlne Mackay to same,
undivided one-quarter of «arr.e; $10.
Marie L. Mackay to same, undivided one
quarter of same; $10.
John G. and 3. Klumpke to William Levi»>
ton, undivided one-quarter of lot on W lino
of Fifteenth avenue, 232:2 S of Point Lobos.
S 61:0. W 73:10. NW tf2:4. E 82:9; $ .
Mary A. Bergs to Rosa Humphreys, lot on
E line of Eighth avenue, 273 S of I street. S 25
by E 120: $10.
Bernard and Rose Getz to Samuel W. and An
nie M. Y. Young, lot on E line of Ninth ave
nue. 275 S of J street. 9 25 by E 120: $10.
Same to Christie A. Davie, lot on W line of
Eighth avenue. 2C0 N of N street. N 50 by W
120; *10.
Mary G. Grady to Lola A. and Haxel G. Tll
lotson. lot on NW line of Lisbon street. 23<>
NE of Italy. NE 25 by NW 100, block 22, Ex
celsior Homestead; $10. )
Estate of Olga. Hattle. Frank and Edwin
Kuespert (minors) by Minnie Kohler (guard
ian) to H, F. Klspert. undivided one-third of
lot en SW- corner of Sixteenth and Rallroa<t
avenues, NW «9:2%. SW 50, SE 87:3. NE
53:2*!. lots 21 and 22, block 330, Case Tract;
$1600.
Abelardo E. and Ellen M. Cooper to Martha
M. Cooper, lot on SW line of Ninth avenue.
262:« SE of H street. SE 37:6 by SW 200. lota
5 and 12. blovk 1U0. South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association: $10.
Bridget Riordan to D. J. Connolly, lot on
NW line of P Ktreety 73 SW of Twelfth avenue.
SW 25 by NW 1C». block 231, O*N. A U.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 28.
REALi ESTATE TRANSACCTOXS.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
Dec, new .... 81?i 81% 81% 81%
May 84 % 84 »4 H3% 8i\U
July .4 78M, 79% 78% 78%
Corn No. 2 — a «>
December ... 41-S 42 41 >£ 41*4
May 44% 4r>'& 44% 45H
July 44% 44% 44% 44%
Oats No. 2—
December ... 34% 35% 34% 35
May 37% 38 37% 37%
July 34«i 33% 34<4 35
Me5s pork, per barrel —
January 12 25 12 77% 12 20 12 20
May 12 55 12 C5 12 50 12 55
. Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 6 75 fi 77% 6 70 6 72%
May 0 05 7 00 6 90 0 02%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January 0 30 6 35 6 30 C 30
May C CO li is 6 67% 6 6O
r '£, g "3 » *s
I n u ~f <! 1
ETATIONi I If U 1^ I
•*•*—.* C
c c a
: ? ? : : i
Baker sn.:.<; 24 14 sw Cloudy !oo
O-arecn .TO. 40 4S 12 N Clear .00
Koreka 30.22 M 34 V Clear .VO
Farallon :«1.14 M T.2 NW Clear -CK)
Fresno JW.14 50 32 NW Clear .00
Klagstaff ::o.3ti 42 -*» E PtA"<iy .<«>
PocatcMo 30.C2 2<i 4 NE Clear .00
Independence .3o.^o 58 30 S Cear .00
Los Anrelcf. ..30.04 7« WJ \V Clear .00
>lt TamalpaiE.:«t.l4 54 48 N Clear .00
North Head.... "0.22 4S . . E Cloudy .00
Phoenir 30.04 72 40 W Clear .<*>
Point Reyes.... "0.14 52 4S N Clear .00
::0.30 «2 30 SE Cloudy .00
Red Bluff .i<».12 «M 3ti N Clear .00
Roseburg ::<>.:'M 3>: :t2 NW It.Clfly .00
Sacramento ..:>•'>. I<5 r>8 30 PE Clear .00
Salt Lake 30. 4S ;;4 IS NW Clear .00
San Francis- co.. 'UK Ifi 5S 4ti NW Clear .00
Sin L ObfafMJD.Oi 7C 40 N Pt.CTdy .'10
Kan Diego :<».00 72 r>4 NW Clear .00
««'attie :;f».2t> 44 Mi SE Cloudy .00
Srokane ."10.4U :!4 2S N Cloudy .< 0
Tit.x>*h Ili'.IS 4<i 42 K Rain .04
"Walla KUU~.30.48 34 30 NE Cloudy .00
Wir.nemucca ..«t.4i) 42 1«5 KE Clear" .<i)
Tuma .><).<>4 72 52 .< Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORUCAST.
T:he rresrure continues high en the Pacific
fclope. but the beginning of a disturbance is
noted en tht Washington coast. This storm
may develop a southerly extension.
Except tt Tatoosh Inland eo rain has fallen
ov. r the western half jui the countr>'.
The temptrature continues above the normal
»eneraJly through California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty j
hours ending midr.itht. December 23:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, except
pOMfbljr rain by nlg!;t on the northern coast;
lipht northerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday; light
easterly wind*.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday; not quite eo cold.
San Francifeco and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday
becoming threatening at night; light north
winds, ihanKsr.it 10 ir<sn BOULh(»astrrj> .
A. G. Me ADI E, District Forecaster.
HONEY— Comb. /0@ll%c for white and S\i^>
9%c for amber; water white extracted, 5<fiJ
5U<": light amber extracted. 4%@4%c; dark,
3%<g4c.
BEESWAX— 27®20c per lb.
Mail reports from New York say that Coast
holders of Prunes have recently turned very
firm, and are turning down Eastern bids
which they would have been very glad to get
a week or ten days ago. Prices remain as be
fore, however.
Honey is weak a*id very dull, with stocks
accumulating perceptibly. The tendency is to
accept lower prices rather than miss sales.
FKU1T — Apricots, "(trite for Royals and 09
lie for Moorparka; Evaporated Apples. 4©5^c;
run-dried. 3%^4c; Peaches. 4%@<5%c: Pears,
r.@10c; Nectarines, 405%c; Figs, white, 4®4-v i c
In boxes: black. 4%c; Plums, pitted, 6@9c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2%©2%c for the four
sizes. ,
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices, Fresno, for 1303
crop: 50-1U boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown,
5Vic per lb; 3-crown. 6%c; 4-crown, «H4c; Se«d
less Muscatels. 4'/ic: do. floated. 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 4%ct Thompson's Seedless,
5%c. London Layers— 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters. $2; 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown, 5c per lb; do 3-crown, 5%c; Valencia
Cured. 4Mc; Pacific, do. 3 %c : . Oriental, do.
2%c. Seeded Raisins — 16-oz. packages, fancy.
8c per lb; choice. 7%c; 12-oz. packages, rancy.
\\%c; choice. 6%c; In bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice,
7"h,c. •
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%@14c;
No. 2 ll%»12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13@13%c;
No. 2, llCHV-c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
10%c for I X L. lOUc for Ne Plus Ultra and
8%c for Languedoc: Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern;
Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $4 50Q5: Chest
nuts, SifflOc per lb.
Dried Frit its, Nuts, Raisins } Honcy
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Aslc. Bid. Ask.
Esperanza ... — 01 Ton Eelmont. 70 73
Gipsy Queen. — 30 Ton of Nev. 0 00 —
MacNamara . 10 11 Ton N Star.. 35 3«
Mont Ton ...1 10 1 13 Ton Midway. 4S 43
Paymaster ... 07 10 United Ton... CS 11
Rescue 00 071
MONDAY, Dec. 23.— I p. m.
B:d.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha C3 04 Justice OS CT*
Alta 01 tSlKentuck 03 04,
Andes 20 221 Keyes Graes.. — 175
Belcher 22 23; Lady Wash.. — C2
Best & Belch.l 5)5 2 OTil Mexican 1 20 1 30>
Bullion 05 07|Occldental ... 40 42
Caledonia ... 74 73 Ophir 2 50 2 53
Challenge Con 21 22! Overman .... 22 23
Chollar 22 23 1 PotosF 19 20
Confidence ... 72 7.">, Savage 45 " 47
Con C & Va.l 15 1 25 1 Scorpion Ot 03
Con Imperial. 02 Or*.,Seg Belcher.. 06 07
Con NY 10 12! Sierra Nev ..6.1 M
Crown Point.. 16 17; Sliver Hill .. «4 67
Eureka Con.. ' — 10, St Louis .... 10 19
Exchequer .. 18 19; Syndicate ... 04 (in
Gould & Cur. 34 S3 Union Con .. 54 5ffl
Hale & Norc. 50 r>2|Utah C9 10
Julia 03 04; Yellow Jacket 20 22
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Eld. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 110 — 4s qr cp newl33%134'i
4r qr reg. . .109%110% 3s qr coup. .107% 1C8%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. \
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s 109%110%
Bay CPC 6s. — 10214 Do con 5s.l02%104Va
Cal C G Cs. — 1C6 O W gtd Ra. — 97
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 75
; m & ct r»s. — 100% Om Cable 6sl2O —
! Cal-st 5s - .. — — Pac O Im 4s. 95 100
1 C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 6s.lO7 —
Ed L & PBs.120 — P ft C H Cs. — —
F & C H 6s. — 117 P & O R es.117%120
Geary-st 6s.. 45% 90 Powell-st Bs.113% —
H C&S 5%s.lO4 — SB G&R 5s. — 101
H C & S Cs. — 10i> SF & SJV58.1ie*4H7%
Hon R T Gs.104 10« S R of C 6s.ll2% —
L A Elec 5s.lO4 105% : S P of A 6s
¦ I. A Ry 6s.Hl li:; • (1909) ....107%lCS
L A L Co fls. — — (1910) ....108% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 104% (1905)Sr A.103 104
I.AP lem 58.100 102 (190r>)Sr B. — 1041a
Mkt-st C Cs.118% — (lftOfi) ....104^105
l>o lrm ris.ll2Vsli::% (1012) 114%115'/j
NRR of COs. — 1C8 SPC 1 eg 6s. — UT%
Do 5s ....114% — Do stmpd.106% —
N P C R 5s. — 108% S P B R 6s. — 132%
1 N C R 6s.. — 112 S V \V 6s.. 106 —
j N C P C 5s. — 101 Do 4s 2dm. 99%100
N S R R 5s. 90%101 Do 4s 3dm. 97 08%
i O G L H Ss.107% — Stkn G&K 6s — 100
O T Co 6s..llSVj — i; G & E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 41 IPort Costa.. — —
Marln Co . . 60 70 I S V W Co. 38% 30
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
, Cent L & P. 3% 4 S F G & E. 64% 63
' Mutual E L. 7 10 S F Gas L. 3% 3%
Pac G Im... 64 54% Stkn G St E. 5 —
Fac L Co... 55% — U G & E.. — 30
Sac E G&R. — —
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
S F. G & E. 66 C7 I '
INSURANCE.
FirenVs Fnd322%350 !
BANK STOCKS.
Am KM Bk.120 130 L P & A... — 170
Anglo-Cal ..85 91 Mer Trust ..210 Zlo
Bank of Cal. 444 447 Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2235 — Fav & L So. — 105
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.40O 600
/Mutual Sav.ioo 110 Union T Co. — —
F Rav U.60O —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 (Presidio .... 30% 41
Geary — 80 I
POWDER.
i Giant 62 65 I Vigorit — 6
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — Ml'c Kllauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 44 Vi — Makawell C. 23 —
Honokaa S C 12% 13% Onomea S C. — 31
Hutch SPC— 0% Paauhau S C 14 15
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA.— — Oceanic S C — 6
Cal F C A. 92% 04% Pac Aux FA 4% —
Cal Wine A. 91 92 Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session,
i Board —
I 35 California Wine Assn 91 25
I 25 Central Light & Power a 75
I $1,000 Market St R 1st c 5 per ct. ¦ 3.113 00
i Street —
I $3,000 S P of Arizona (1910) 108 75
Afternoon Session.
.\ Board — . •
10 Presidio R R 40 CO
€0 Spring Valley- Water Co 30 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 40
Ape.llo 42 ....
Associated Trust Certificates. IS 19
Aztec • SO
California Standard 11
Caribou 1 40
Central Point Con fc5
Chicago Crude 19
Claremont 45 ....
Esperanza 150 ....
Four ' 67 ....
Fulton 4 60
Giant
Hanford 145 00
Home 1 02% 1 07%
Imperial 18 00
Independence 15
Junction 17
Kern 4 75
Kern River 10 00
Lion C2
Monarch (of Arizona) 43
Monte Crlsto 65
1 Occidental of W Va 18
I Oil City Petroleum 24
I Peerless .1 14 00
Plttsburg
Reed Crude (new) 4 50
S F & McKittrick 3 25
San Joaquln O £ D. t 4 00
Banator C2
Sovereign 37 ....
Sterling 2 «0
Superior 05 07
! Thirty-three 7 BO
. Toltec 20
J Twenty-eight 4 «0
1 West Shore 3 05
! Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp 1 50
Alameda Sugar 26 00
American Biscuit ....
American District Tel
Cal Gas & Eiectrlc Corp ....
California Cotton Mill* SO CO 95 00
California Jockey Club ....
California Shipping Co .
Cal Title Ins & Trust
Central Bank of Oakland * ....
Chutes Company
Cypress Lawn Imp Co .6 50
Fischer's Theater 2 25
Gas Consumers' Assn ....
Honolulu Sugar . ....
Northern Cal Power .... ....
North Shore Railroad .... ..;.
Orpheum Company 15 60 ....
Pacific States Tel & Tel ....
Parafftne Paint 33 00 ¦ ....
San Francisco Dry Dock .... ,«••«
•Sanitary Reduction Works.. 150 ....
Sausallto Land & Ferry ....
Pperry Flour Company ..... .... - ....
; Standard Electric ....
1 Tesla Coal Company 25 00 30 00
1 Truckee Electric .... ....
Union Sugar Sv^-'SS; ....
United Gas & Electric ri?.«5i
cat r*o '
b AL.ES.
j . ' Mornlns Session.
Roard —
2C0 Home Oil 1 05
I ¦ Afternoon Session.
i I'.cari —
25 Home Oil 1 02%
; SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
; cisco Stock and Exchange Board ' yesterday :
; Morning Sesslpn.
1 100 Andes ....... 20 ICO Savage 43
' 500 Andes 10 300 Sierra Nev .. 53
ltiO Challenge Con 22 ICO Sierra Nev . . M
100 Chollar 20 100 Union Con .. SO
2C0 Con C & Va.l IS 2f!0 Union Con .. .13
400 Mexican 1 20 Ifto Union Con .. R2
60 Ophir ....2 25J 200 Utah 10
100 Ophir 2 30
MONDAY. Dec. 28—2 p. m. ,
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
nurska O.00 17.28 21. 4S
Red Bluff 0.O0 11.81 13.45
Sacramento O.OO 4.43 6.00
San Francisco O.OO «.«>2 5.9S
>>esno O.OO 0.2S 3.21
Vidopeadence 0.00 0.42 O.S3
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 O.82 5.Xk>
Los Angeles 0.00 0.43 4.97
£an Diego 0.00 0.40 0.09
ni'ftih Meriflian^PsLCiflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dtc. 2S— 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of mlbc date last
•easrn. and rainfall In las=t twenty-four hours:
Wcat)xcr Report.
Pennsylvania 61,000 119"s UStJ 11914
Pittsbg. C C & St L 700 C4Vi U214 04
Reading 38.100 47>s «U 45%
Reading 1st pfd 'Cvjt
Reading %i pfd MVi
Rock Ielan.l Co.... 13,950 24',-i 23% ,24%
. Rock Isl Co pfd.... 400 COH 60 60
StL &San F 1M pfd CO
StL& SF2J pfd.. 800 40>4 40 40
St Louis S W 300 13*4 13^4 13%
Bt Louis S W pfd.. UOO 33<fe 32% 33V*
St Paul 41,4.::. HtHi 143% 14«
St Paul pfd 200 175 175 175
Southern Pacific .. 3,000 49 47*i 4S«,i
Southern Railway . 4.000 21 Vi 20Vi 21 Vs
! Southern Ky pfd .. 1.050 79% 79Vi 79^
I Texas & Pacific .. 3.700 25% 25 25V4
! Tol t-tL & West.... 1.800 24% 23% 24%
I T.StL & West pfd. 3,»O0 39 30Vi SSVn
Union Pacific 44.SKIO 80% 7S% TOfc
Union Pac pfd 100 8S 88 88
Wabash »50 20»» 20% 20
Wabash "fd 3.S0O 3S 37 3 ( * 4
Wheel & L Erie... 400 17% 17 17
Wisconsin Central 1<^4
Wisconsin On pfd. 1.000 SS% 38 38Vi
Wisconsin Central. 1.000 38% 38 3S&
Express Companies —
Adams — 4
American 19 "
United States 300 117 116% 115
I Wells-Fargo 210
I Miscellaneous —
' Amalgtim Copper. .. 27,700 49% 4S»i 49%
! Amer Car & Found 600 2OVs 19% 19«i
i Am Car & F pfd.. 700 «7>4 67 CS
1 Amer Linseed Oil S
i Amer Lin Oil pfd 2S
: Amcr Locomotive.. 2.S00 19V4 18% 1SS
Amer Loco pfd 1.100 79% 79 78%
Am Pmelt & Ref.. 4,000 50% 50 50
Am Smelt & R pfd. WO 9iJ"«, 90% »0
; Amer Sugar Ref.. 14,000 127% 12G»i 127%
Anaconda Min Co.. 100 77V4 77% 78
! Hrklyn Rap Trans. 3S.<HX> 54% 53 M<&
'Colo Fuel •& Iron., a. 400 o2 27% 30%
I Colum & Hock Coal 1.300 15% 14*4 15
Consolidated Gas... 2.0o<> 19ti% 193*; 105%
I General Electric 8.300 179 177% 177
: International Paper ICO 11% 11% 10%
Interntl Paper pfd. .^ 63
j International Pump 100 28 28 28
1 Interntl Pump pfd 70
(National Biscuit... 100 'MSi »«U 3«i*
'National Lead 300 14Vj 14*4 14
i North American... 4.000 S2% 78 82
' Pacific Mail 400 25% 25 25
1 People's Gas 3,000 1*9% 98% SK>%
j Pressed Steel Car.. 1,900 31 29% 30=4
I Pit ss>ed S Car r>fd.. 300 »K> «9 U8&
Pullman Palace Car 100 218 218 21S
Republic Steel 400 (i% «l£ «%
Republic Steel pfd. 1.700 41 U 40Vn 41 %
Rubber Goods 2,100 1N*4 18 18»*
I Rubber Goods pfd.. 3(K> 74 72% 72
1 Tenn Coal & Iron.. 4'x) 3b% 37U 37«4
TJ S Leather 1.M00 7% 7ajJ 7%
U S Leather pfd... 2,100 77% 77 7li%
t U S Rubber 600 11 V4 11 11
I U S Rubber pfd 1.300 41><j Z\l% 40%
j IT H Steel K700 11 Vi 10% 11
1 U S Ht<?e! pfd 7S.6OO 57 *« 55 >4 C7%
Western Union 200 *i5% 85% 8«i4.
Total Fairs 700.900 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— Bond transactions
of United Railroads of San Francisco: 10,000
at 75Vi; 21,000 at 75V»: 11.000 at 75%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lOC ;l>juls & N unl 4s.lCOa;
Do coup lo«H : Manhattan c g 4s.lO2=g
I>o G* rcz 107=ri!Mex Cent 4s ... 70
Do wjji Hi7»4i Do 1st ino 15%
Do new 4s reg.133% Minn & St L 4s. 97
Do coup l.TU, Mo K & T 4s 9t>H
Do eld 4s reg.lu9%| Do 2ds 7s»£
Do coup 110% N R It of M c 4s. 75
Do 5s reg LOlUlN Y Cent g 3'.'.s. JK»vi
Do coup 1011,; IN j Cent g 5s..i:tu%
At^h gen 4s 9I»%|Northern Pac 4s. 103
Do adjt 4* ... 87% Do 3s 71%
Atlantic C L 4s. 9!i* Nor & W c 4s.. »*>"(,
Ealto & O' 4s... .101 O S L 4s & Par. !>2
Do 3>4s 90 Penn oonr 3%n.. 95%
Cent of Ga 6*... 104 St L & I M c Si.lll
Do 1st inc ... 70 {Reading Gen 4s. 97
Ches & O 4K-»...l"2*i[St L & 6 F fg 4*. *5
Chi & Alton :5^s. n%\ettt, S W lsts. 0:j
C B & Q n 4»... 9:« 14 1 Seaboard A L 4s. 71
C M & K P g 4S.110I4 1 Southern Pac 4s. 87-"54
Chi & N W c 7s.l3!U. Southern Ry 5s. iu«:
CRI&-PRR43C9 Tex A Pac lsts.ll«
Do col .'.s 74% Tol St L & W 4s. CS
C C C & S L g 4s M Union Pac 4s ...103
Chi Term 4s ... 79 | Do conv 4s fir,^
Con Tobacco 4f.. 57-*iT' S Steel 2d 5s. 70>4
Colo & So 4b .. $fi%jWat)a?h Ism 114IA
Denver & R G 4s. 99% I Do D»>b B <2%
Erie prior lien 4s. ftS»i j Wheel 4 L E 4a. ss'
Do gen 4# SC'^jWIs Cent 4« Si 14
Ft W & D C lsts.l02^|Colo F & I c 5s (&%
Hocking Val 4'As.lOOii
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10: uttle Chief 06
Alice 13 Ontario 0 00
Breece 10 Orvhir 2 00
Brunswick Con .. 04 Phoenix: ¦ 12
Oomstock Tunnel. 05%; Potosi 16
<^on Cal & Va 1 00 Savage 33
Horn Silver 1 (5 Sierra Nevada "! 45
Iron Silver 1 W) Small Hopes ..i.. 20
Leadville Con ... 02 Standard 150
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westlngh Com..'.. SS
Call loan* .»%<f?C Mining-
Time !oans ...5 @'J% Adventure 2
Bonds— .. iAIlouez 414
AtchiKon 4s 9ftUj Amalgamated ... 4HV4
Mex Cent 4s ... CS%|Daly West :r,
Railroad?— Binsrham 22%
Atohi!>on CSV, Calumet & Hecla.433
Do prefd 02% Centennial i«
Boston & Albany. 240 I Copper Range 4(5*1
Boston & Maine. 1W I Dominion Coal."" 7XU,
Boston L 140 Franklin '" 7*;
N Y N II & H..193 iMe itoyaie ..'.. ctf
Fitrhb-jrg prefd..l3r, 'Mohawk .17
Union Pacific ... 7BV Old Dominion 0
Mexiran Cent ... 9?; Osceola ...'.... * r.9
Mlscellanf-ous— ; Parrot .....'" Vi
Amer Supar 127 Oulncy ..." ~xi;
Do prefd 122% Santa Fe CoppVr I iZ
Amer Tel & T..127 .Tamarack .. siV
Domin Iron & S. BM Trinitv ,; 4 a/
Gen Electric 177 Unitod States " is' 1
Mars E'.ectrlc ... IS i;tah " -'n
Do VTfta n% Victoria ....'." "i o i«
United Frutt ....100% Winona '{ "?«
D S Steel II Wolverine CS
Do prefd r.1-%
LONDON CIX)SING STOCKS.
Consols, money . . SS iN Y Central ...123%
Do account 8* I Nor & Western 50 U
Anaconda :!Ti Do prefd so
Atchison 70 Ontario & West •"Tt
Do prefd 9r,«4 Pennsylvania .. cT
Balto & Ohio ... 81% Rand Mines ....' n%
Canadian Pacific. 122% Reading ... ¦ »VA
Ch«-s & Ohio ... .",4% Do 1st prefd!!! 41
Chicago G W .. 10 Do 2d prefd... 31
Chi M & St P... 148% Southern Ry ... 2«
DeBeers 20%' Do prefd nOK
Denver & R G.. 21 % j Southern Pacific. 49%
Do prefd 74 !4 ( Union Pacific .... SlU
Erie 30U.I Do prefd JH
Do 1st prefd... 70>^ U 8 Steel jm
Do 2d prefd f.2 Do prefd ... 571/
Illinois Central... i:»5 Wabash "i
Louis & Nash... 112 Do prefd .. i«u
Mo Kan * Tex... 18% ™
Bar Silver— Steady. 25 15-16d per ounce
Money— 3%©4 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short. Mils is 3*63% per cent, and for three;
months' bills 3%@3% per cent. w '
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts
59.300 barrels; exports. 68,600 barrels. Mar
ket was fairly active and stronger. Winter
patents. $4@4 35; winter straights, $4@4 15;
Minnesota patents, $4 53©4 75; winter ex
tras. $3 15(54 40; Minnesota bakers'. $3 70@
3 90; winter low grades, $2 95@3 20.
WHEAT— Receipts, 683,505 bushels; Spot
steady; No. 2 red, 94%c elevator: No. 2 red'
9»%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth'
96%,o f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba'
nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options were strong
and active until* midday, when a big visible
mipply Increased and better weather In Argen
tina caused sharp reaction. The close, how
ever, was unsettled and %@%c higher. May
clceed 87%c; July, closed S3%c; December
.closed 94%c . '
HOPS — Firm. State common to choice. 1903
crop. 20634c; 1902 crop, 19©24c; olds, 7012c-
Pacific Coast. 1903 crop, 22®29c: 1002 crop
19S24c; olds. 7tT12c
.¦"¦¦-- *
CHICAGO. Dec. 28. — The wheat market
opened strong to-day and for a time prices con
tinued to advance on a erood demand from
commission houses, local bills and shorts.
Reasons for the advance were various. The
one most frequently mentioned at the start
wp.s the possibility of war between Russia and
Japan. Something of more immediate influ
ence, however, was a report from Argentina
that heavy rain was again prevailing in the
wheat districts, and that harvesting was be
ing delayed. Foreign markets showed gains
as a result of these advices, and' the higher
prices abroad were largely responsible for the
strength here. After opening V*c to Vic higher
at K)%c to S4',sC, May advanced steadily to
S4T»c. an advance of 1 cent from the low
point. Liberal selling by longs and some
by shorts resulted in an easier tone. General
selling set In during the last half hour on a
rumor that tlie big bull operator was unloading
and much *of the advance was lost. A firm
undertone, however, prevailed at the close,
and final figures on May were at 84Vi®%c.
Corn was firm at the opening, due to higher
cables and light receipts. The market in
creased In strength throughout the session,
with onlv small offerings. The close was
strong, with May at 45^0.
Oats were firm with local shorts doing con
siderable covering. The close was strong at
37
With hogs selling- at 10c advance and grains
all acting strong, shorts in provisions deemed
it wise to cover, and their efforts in this di
rection caused a strong opening. There was
good busing for investment account, and prices
were well maintained, despite im;jortant~ sell
ing In the way of profit-taking. The close
was strong, with May pork 12ttc higher, lard
up Vic and ribs were 5c ttfgher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1001* $1 OHli $1 0« "A $1 <m» 8
December .. 1 17% 1 18 1 1'U, 1 18
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 20 asked.
May— $1 06 &.
OATS — Dealers arp quoting a firm, market,
though prices show no advance. ' Receipts are
moderate and the demand is sufficient to ab
sorb them without difficulty.
White. $1 22V&Q1 "& for California and $1 2"H
Ql 35 for Northern; Black, $1 45(01 65; Red.
$1 20^1 32>4 for feed and $1 25®! 35 for seed;
Uray. $1 :52*.
CORN — Opened the week firm in sympathy
with the other cereal?, but prices remained un
changed. Receipts are not large and offer
ings are not very free.
Western racked. $1 25© 1 27% for Yellow,
$1 22^01 25 for White and $1 22% for Mixed;
California large Yellow. $1 32^4; small round
do $1 4001 r>0: White. .$1 35 per ctl.
RYE— $1 2r.@l 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 7CS2 per ctl.
Open. - High. Z.ovr. Close.
May $1 :17V1 $1 : *7V; $1 37 $1*17
December . . 1 40% 1 40% 1 40 1 40
BARLEY — Futures were higher and the cash
grain was f.rm'at full figures. Receipts were
again large, most of them being for delivery
on December contracts.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 12%@1 15; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 17>4@1 20; Chevalier. ?1 2lKgl 45 for fair to
choice.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 WVi ?1 ""»i $13-15 (1 87H
December .. 1 41 1 41 1 41 1 41
2 p. m. Session.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
WHEAT— Foreign futures were higher, and
the foreign situation was generally firm. The
world'* shipments for the week were as fol
lovv*. in quarters: Russian, 281,000; Danublan.
121.0C0; Argentina. 31XJ0; Indian, 100.COO. The
American visible ' supply increased 1,817,000
bushels. Broomhall cabled that navigation on
the Danube was likely to" be closed, as the
river is commencing to freeze. Thi3 would
cluao th-3 rotta of Bralia and Galatz.
Cutter & Aleseley's Chicago wires said that
the advance in that market was due to Ar
gentina cable?, reporting cold and wet weath
rr ever the best of the Wheat country. Of
ferings wcm Mna'.l. but receipts were large,
and the: marktt showed considerable snap. »
In this market futures were higher, and the
oa£h grain was fijmer. with holders trying
Up get advanced prices, though they have not
yet succeeded.
- CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 37&@1 40; California
White Australian, $1 50@l £>l!Vi; Northern Club,
51 40@141>i: Northern Bluestem, $1 50^1 31&;
Oregon Valley. $1 40.
Wheat and Other Grains.
There was little of Interest on the local ex
changes. ' Business was light all ground, ex
cept on the mining exchanges, where there
was increased activity on a reported improve
ment In the Ophir mine. There was a sale
of Presidio Railroad at $40.
The San Francisco National Bank has de
clared a semi-annual dividend at the rate of
6 per cent per annum, payable January 2.
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 40 cents Janu
ary 6.
An assessment of $1 per share was delin
quent yesterday on the capital stock of the
Honolulu Plantation Company.
¦ The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 35 cents per
share January 6.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 81*4
Sterling Exchange. Bight — 4 85
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 8«
New York - Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 65%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 43
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
There am hardly enough Cranberries left on
tho market to quote, and they are very firm.
Interest in the fruit market was centered chief
ly in the Orange auction and all other descrlp-*
tlons were neglected, as most dealers had plen.
ty of stock left over from Christmas. Apples,
Pears, Quinces and Persimmons were in good
fcupply, but there was not enough trading to
warrant any change In quotations. A few
rcatterlng lots of Mallnda Strawberries came in
and soli In a peddling way at $3@4 per chest.
The attendance at the Orange auction .was
large and the bidding was lively, as the fruit
was of good quality and showed much improve
ment in color. Eight cars, including two of
fancy stock from Redlands, were sold as fol
lows: Fancy Redlands stock. $2 05@2 25 per
box; ordinary fancy, \$1 40S2- 10; choice, $1@
1 05; standard, 80c@«l v 85. Fancy Grape Fruit
gold at $1 25@1 55 and choice brought $1@1 50.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $14til« per bbl.
APPLES— Fancy Spitzenbergs. $1 7&@2 per
box; other varieties, $1 25@1 50 for fancy. <5@
00c for choice and 2G@50c for common; Christ- |
mas Apples, {I S0@2.
PEARS — Winter Nellls from cold storage.
51 E0©2 per box. I
QUINCES — lOfgGOc per bcx. j
PERSIMMONS— 75c@$l per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 750
2 50 per box for fancy. $1 25Q1 50 for choice
and 75c@$l 25 for standards; Seedlings. 75c@$t;
Tangerines. $1 25 for half boxes and 75c@$l for
quarter boxes; Japanese Mandarins. $181 60
for half boxes: Lemons. $1@2 per box: Grape
Fruit, $1 50@2 50; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Ba
nanas, $1Q2 ppf bunch for Hawaiian and $2@3
/or Central American; Pineapples. $-it'd 60 per
'dozen. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
.TACOMA. Wash., Dec. 28. — Wheat, steady.
Bluestem, 79c; club, 75c.
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. DECEMBER 28.
Flour, qr sks .. 18.M2|Flaxseed. sks... 455
Wheat ctls 1.890 Mustard, sks .. 3«)
Barley, ctls 29,200 Wool, bales 11
Oats ctls 360 Screenings sks. 1,970
Corn* East, ctls 600 Tallow ctls .. 237
Beans sks 145 Pelts. No. ..... »5
Potatoes, sks... 6. 030 j Hides No 1.470
Onions skg . 060 Quicksilver, flks. .'55
Bran, sks 1.C46 Leather, rolls... 331
Middlings, sks.. 122! Wine, gals 74.700
Hay, tons 210 Brandy, gals .. 7.1C0
Hope, bales 284 Sugar, ctls .... 330
• WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .. 2. 10O| Barley ctls .... 8,000
Wheat, ctls 11. 573}
400 MacNamara . 10; 600 Rescue Oft
300 Mont Ton..l 12W.I 5O<> Ton Belmont. 75
3OO Mont Ton ...1 13! 100 Ton Belmont. 7.1
600 Mont Ton..l 17'jl 10O Ton N Star.. 33
Afternoon Session.
1000 Esperanza ... 01 1000 Rescue 07
1300 Mont Ton ...1 13 800 Ton Belmont. 75
200 Mont Ton .1 Utf 500 Ton N Star.. 35
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
COO Andes 22 000 Mexican 1 25
30O Chollar 22, 200 Ophir 2 23
525 Con C & Va.l 10 ino Ophir 2 37<^
6T.0 Con N Y 111 2CO Ophir 2 4O
600 Gould & Cur. 33 10O Ophir 2 45
200 Justice CI8 1 20O Savage 4,1
100 Mexican 1 15 200 Sierra Nev .. R.T
3C0 Mexican ...1 m& 200 Utah U
20O Mexican . 1 2O
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes ,.. Sll ICO Ophir 2 50
500 Belcher 23 200 Ophir 2 «O
200 Caledonia .... 70 50«> Overman .... 23
500 Challenge Con 22 SHO Potost 20
200 Co» C & Va.1 15 200 Savage 45
20O Con C A V.I 17^1 5Oi> Sierra Nev .. 54
4OO Crown Point.. 17i 20rt Union Con .. T4
300 Oould & Cur. 34 ; 1300 r tah lrt
100 Mexican ...122^1 300 Utah (9
200 Mexican 1 25! 500 Yellow Jacket 23
200 Mexican ...1 324J
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 2.T; 20O Ophir 2 6©
100 Caledonia 70 3<"O Overman 23
40O Caledonia «8 2W Savage 46
7CO Con C & Va.l 13 100 Savage 47
10O Con NY 11 200 Sierra Nev .. .'5
200 Gould & Cur. 34 100 Sierra Ne* .. St
100 Gould & Cur. 3o 2<>O Union Con .. M
200 Justice 00 SCO I* tan 10
400 Mexican 1 ;',0 COO Yellow Jacket 21
Afternoon Session.
Silver and Exchange about as before quoted.
New York Stocks buoyant and several points higher.
Local Stocks and Bonds still inactive. ¦
Wheat and Barley Futures higher and firm.
Oals and Corn firm and unchanged. Rye quiet.
Hay and Feedstuff s firm, idth moderate stocks.
Business in Beans of a holiday dullness.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in good supply and easy.
Prunes quoted firmer in Nczv York. Honey weak and dull.
Russian Government places large order for Beef in Chicago.
ll r ool, Hops and Hides as previously quoted.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Choice Potatoes and Onions firm. Southern Vegetables lower.
Poultry and Game in free supply at about previous prices.
Oranges improving in quality and selling off better.
SEATTLE, Dec. 2S. — Clearings, $574,622;
balances. $132,984.
TACOMA. Dec. 28.— Clearings, $48S.G80; bal
ances, $08,530.
PORTLAND. Dec. 23.— Clearings, $036,188;
balances, $. r >0,42S.
SPOKANK, Dec. 28.— Clearings, $050,310;
balances, $07,345.
Northern Business.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
Evaporated Apples is quiet, with demand light
and the tone rather easier. Common are quot
ed at 4&5c; prime. 5V«@5%c; choice. 0@0&c,
and fancy at 7c.
PRUNES — Are quiet, with quotations rang
ing from 3%c to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Are in moderate demand, but
steady and firm. Choice, 0y t fi9y>c; extra
choice. 99i@10V4c; fancy, ll@10c.
PEACHES are quiet. Choice are quoted at
7 3 ,i<g7»;c; extra choice, 7% to SVlc; fancy,
SWfclOUc
DRIED FRUITS.
HIDES— Firm. Galveston, ISc: California,
19c; Texas dry. 10V>c.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot 'Rio, firm: No. 7 invoice,
7 3-16c; mild, firm; Cordova, S'^lglSc.
The market for coffee futures closed firm at
a net gain of 15 to 30 points, with Septem
ber and November selling up to the 8 cent
mark, as did also December. 1904. Sales,
222.000 bags. December. 6.85c; January.
0.80® 6.00c; February. B.OOlgTc: March, 7.05®
7.20c; May. 7.45@7.65c: July, 7.00@7.75c; Sep
tember, 7.S5<g8c, and November, 7.80®8c.
SUGAR— Raw, nominal. Fair refining. 3@
3 1-16c; centrifugal, 90 te»t. 3%®3 0-16c; mo
lasses sugar, 2%@2 13-10c; refined, quiet: No.
6, 4.05c; No. 7. 4.00c: No. S, 3.05c; No. 9,
3.00c; No. 10. 3.85c; No. 11, 3.80c; No. 12,
3.75c; No. 13, 3.70c; No. 14, 3.65c; confec
tions' "A," 4.30; mold "A," 4.70c; cut-loaf,
6.05c; crushed, 6.05c; powdered, 4.55c; granu
lated, 4.45c; cubes." 4.70c.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2S.— The cotton market
opened strong at an advance of 23 to 51 points
and closed firm, net 48 to 59 points net higher.
New York Cotton Market.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 2S.— Wool, dull, steady.
Medium grades, combing and clothing, 17®21c;
light fine, lSQ17}£c; heavy fine 12@14i4c; tub
washed 20@31c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
' The retailers are reported to have used up
the greater part of storage Butter they con
tracted far last spring, and are again turning
their attention to second creameries and other
medium grades of fresh, which Is tending to re
lieve the depression In these grades.
Receipts were 3-1, COO lbs Butter, 655 cases
Eggs and 7000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 25@26c for extras and
22Jf24c for seconds: dairy. lS@24c: store Butter,
15®17%c; cold storage. 21@23c per lb. "
CHEESE — 12©12$4c for the«g?neral market.
13c for select mild new and 10@llc for lower
grades; Young Americas, 13@14c; Eastern, 13V4
eiG^c; Western. 14@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 35©37V4c for choice and
32V,@34c for small and mixed colors: store,
27H©32#c; cold storage, 27%@32V4c; Eastern,
2G@3Cc for cold storage.
All three descriptions under this head opened
the week quiet and easy,- with a general dispo
sition among dealers to 1ceep their stocks down,
even if they have to make concessions to do it.
Close buyers can get fine creamery Butter at
25c and fine ranch Eggs at 35030c. though the
range In quotations remains unchanged, from
Saturday. Stocks of both continue ample for
all current needs. The Cheese market contin
ues oversupplled and weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
$1 25: Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and $1 25 tor
Brush; Hare, ¦ 75c©ll. ¦
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlr.g Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb in 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 3.65c;
Powdered. 0.00c; Candy Granulated. 6.50c; Dry
Granulated fine 0.40c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 6.40c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 6.20c: Confectioners'
A. 6.40c; Magnolia A. Sc; Extra C. 4.00c;
Golden C 4.80c: "D." 4.70c: barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 30c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.90c: boxes. tU5c; H. * E. Crystal
Doralnos. 8.40c per lb. No orders taken for
leas than seventy-five barrels of Its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6HO
7c per lb: Whlt« Lead. B^07c. according to
quantity. .
RICE— China N*. 2. $4 35O4 4.V No. 1. $5 75
05 90; extra No. 1. $tf 25@6 50; Hawaiian.
$5 23: Japan $5 25@5 80; Louisiana. $4 3C@
« 75.
27%c: Eocene, 24i£c: deodorized Stove Gasoline,
in bulk. 17c: in cases, 23%c: Benzine, In bulk.
13c: in cases, 19V4c: 8£-desree Gasoline, in
bulk 25c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 80c per gallon In cases and
74c in drums and iron barrels.
crease, 109,000 bushels. Rye. 1,306,000 bush
els; decrease, 4000 bushels. Barley. 6,580,000
bushels; decrease. 3«9,0CO bushels.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 29, 19Q3. \
STOCK MARKET.
THE COAST RECORD.
NEW YORK. Dec. 28. — The visible surply of
grain Saturday, December SO, as complied by
the New York Produce Exchange, U as fol
lows:
Wheat. 36,374,000 bushels; Increase. 1.817. •
000 bushels. Corn. 5,728,000 bushels; Increase,
41.000 busbelc. Oats. 8,330.000 bushels; do
Visible Grain Supply.
Toney Bonette was convicted by a
jury in Judge Dunne's court yesterday
on a charge of burglary in the second
degree and will be sentenced on Sat
urday. He sot the key from a corner
grocery to a vacant house at 893 Jack
son street on October 3 and tore down
the gas fixtures and lead pipe, which
heVwas carrying away when arrested
by Policeman Keyes.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SXLES
"Quickest— The Highest Amount,"
Is what It means when you list your business
with me. as I have advertising space by th*
1 month, which costs you nothing UNLESS I
MAKE A SALE, and if by auction you pa?
me a per cent and I defray all other ex-
I penses. Come and talk It over.
Anderson, the Auctioneer,
_ROOM 26. PHELAN BUILDING.
_ Ttl. Main 1852. Correspondence SollclUd.
*V_ AUCTION SALE AT ARCADE HORSU
- fcv> MARKET. 327 SIXTU ST.. WED-
NESDAY. December 3O. at 11 t. n. I will
•ell 40 head of all-purpose horses. Every
horse must be as represented or money re-
funded^ JOHN J. DOYLE.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, DECEMBER, 29. ,1903.
12
IF YOU WANT THE GIRL
Tell her so. and if y»u don't, then put an ad. in the Help Wanted Column
of The Call and you will get enough replies from which to make a selec-
tion of an excellent housegirl or nurse.
CLAIRVOYANTS — Conttnneil.
A~~ LI VORNO.
' The World-Renowned Palmist
And Crystal Gazer. *
S4 Kearny at. over Hammersmith 4k Field"";
ree portrait of Mme. Llvorno and original
testimonial? Tram distinguished people at en-
trance; 3 questions by mall. $1. Bend month
and year of birth.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readlmr* by mall as satisfac-
tory* as In person; :t questions answered, $1;
full life, t'j; send lock of hair, date and year
cf birth; dont send currency; send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader; when others fail try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 6 4th st., near Market
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; L. 60c. G. $1. 714 Franklin, nr.G.G.av.
MISS WARD, removed to 017 Market, rs. 11-12.
gives names. date3, facts. Hours 11 to 9 p.m.
MME. WALTERS, jrreat card reader; la. 25c,
gents 6Oc. !.'51 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved l/om 132 Cth to 23»£ Cth; la. 25c, g. 50c
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
20"/." Kearny, room 20; ladies', 25c; gents, 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlng-s dally. 448H Jessie St.. bet. Bth and Cth.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
,AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on flocr. without removal; price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. CalJ
building. Phone Main 5237.
Y/IJEN you become dlt>;usted with your work-
Eend for SPAULDING"S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet beating; mattresses
made over. 1432 Howard; tel. South 216.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1SC0 Har-
rison st: Al cleaning: 3c; tel. Mission 226.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works ;prlces
. , reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East rjtS.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 55S6.
CBEPIT CI.0THIEB3.
BUY your «ults and overcoats at LICHTEN-
STEIN BROS., 25 Stockton St.. on small
weekly payments: goods delivered on first
payment.
CUBES E.UPTUKE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market St.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS, 504-5-8 75allaghan bldg.. Market
and. McAllister Ets.. uses the Baaford Obtun-
der; the only device ever invented lor grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call ut rifles.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr. Eleventh ,
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates lrnde over like new; teeth
from ?S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— canno| break;
v/ei ranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 60; fillings. 80c:
plates. $5; full set; all woriiypainless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist,
room 14. Phelan building, San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 CO up; crowns $2 up-.fllllngs 25c.
GOLDvflllings. 7Bc; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
paln*open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION; sunburst & knife plaiUcg. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWELlI Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure: eve, class. 1010 Mkt.
educational!
ANOTHER Enlargement— California Business
College moves the first of the year to 1U
new home. 001-925 Golden Sate ave., occu-
pying 18,000 square feet the entire top floor
of the new Pioneer Automobile bldg., oppo-
sle beautiful Jefferson square; every modern
Idea for health, comfort and progree* of our
students; departments all reorganized and re-
* furnished; occupies larger Fjiace than any
other two business colleges on the coast;
write at once for our 75-page illustrated
catalogue, giving full Information about our
2b oer cent removal discount. Address 300
Larkin »t
ALWAYS the best — We are enlarging our
quarters 50 per cent: other schools are mov-
ing farther ou( to secure cheap rent; our lo-
cation is central, among the business houses,
giving advantages In securing positions, aUo
convenient car service; experienced business
men as teacher*: actual business bookkeep-
ing: Gre>tc. shorthand fus?d In half the
schools In America): typewriter at home
free. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 123C Market st.
AYRES. the loading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.: established IS years: life scholar-
ship, $50: bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
ing, arithmetic, spelling, etc. : positions se-
cured; the college refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue
free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English jranches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue. f.ree.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost institution of the kind in the entire
West; 12 teachers; send for catalogue. Na-
tive Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason fit. '
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
atructlon. Write for illustrated catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
dny eves., Teutonla Hall, Howard «t. nr.
Uth. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught
WANTED— By gentleman. Instructions In
eclectic shorthand in exchange for Spanish
or Trench conversations. Box 3C08. Call.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev.; est 18Ci.' Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY. Peralta Park
Berkeley, boarding school for boys under 15
BRO. GENEBERN. Director.
SCHOOL OK ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S 424 Pine st. ...Night class.
THEi^CALIi
JOUST D. SPltrCKZl^S. Proprietor.
/feres; ccgaELicaiicgr'to IQHS KcKADEHT. Eacager
IS". J. MARTIN Business Manager.
telephone"
/ik fcr THF. CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You Wi:h the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Marke* and Third,. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to IC'l Stevenson »t.
DeUvend by Carrier*. 20 Cts. rcr Week. 73
Cta. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term* by Mall. Including Postage (Cash W Itn
Order): __ ..
DAILY CALL (inclurt. Suxsfia-V 1 jrw..$S.O0
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). C mos.. 4_O0
ilAIl-T CALL — By Single Month •»£
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year -• »-_•
WEHKLT CALU 1 Year V. :
Fom-tf-v (Daily.. .fH.HO Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. , weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
£sr-.r> Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall Mibecrlbere In ordering eha "* fc "l-JJw
<re»s ebould be partK-u'sx to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRE?S In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance tneir re-
quest
OAKLAND OFFICE:
JUS BrcaJway Telephone Mala 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE: v "
S:«S Center Etreet Telephone r»ortl» 77
'WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1*06 G Street N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: '
TTaliSorf - Aetorla Hotel: A Brentano 81
Cclon Fquare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flft_-aT«-
tue Hotel and Hoffman Home.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fnerrran House; P. O. News Co.. Great
Northern Hotel: Treincnt House; Auditor!', a
Hotel; Palmer Hcuse.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEOFvGE KROGNESS...Marquette Build g
<Tor.g Distance Telephone. "Centr-1 261». >
VTW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Equar*
BCFINKSS OFFICE cf the San Fr " ncl »5f
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open
or.tlJ 12 o'c!ock every r.isrht la the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
C27 Montgomery street corner Clay; cpen un-
til 9 :30 p. rn.
SCO Hayes Etreet: cpen until J» p. m.
«E8 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
?".IS Larkln street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o. m.
•261 Market street corcer Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. rn.
If* Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
10S6 Valencia etreet: open until » p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets.
open until B n. m. _^_
Northwest comer of Twenty - second ana
Kentucky rtreets: cpen until 8 p. m.
ggOO Fillmore street: yp»n until 0 p. m.
MEETISG NOTICES.
GOLDEN <iATE Lodee No. 30. F. ar.J •»
A M.— Cal'ed m-clln* THIS 'TU'ES-Vy
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock. Third /V>
tierrfe. By rricr of W. M.
' EDWIN. L. MF.YER. Secretary
MEMBERS or Oriental Kebekah .^sasefcft.
:. is* No. go. j. ". o. !'¦— v n "^/jgQ8BsS5i
»r« hereby requested to r.-^ -::i- -^5*5*^
ble at the parlor* of Halsied &¦ --wrTa"
Co 'J46 Mirricn St.. Tl'ESDAY. D2cember
SI at 11 a m., to attend the funeral of o'Jr
' late >ister. CHARLOTTE HOLTON. P.
|f. a. MAUDE FORBES, N. G. ,
MARINE Er.eine?r»' Bemrfirill Association
No. ."»— Munbers ar* hereby notified that
the regular meeting, to be held December 29,
ifKC. r.ill b* called to order at 5:30 p. m.
«'andi:iate»i for office or their representatives
sr.* requested to be present at that time, as
judges end tally clerks of election will be
JAKES G. RAPHAEL. President.
EDWARD BRADY. Secretary.
TKE California Oebns commission having re-
cei\cd applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from Clarence Bradshaw, John Baronl
nnd Edward bantirto. jn Elephant Placer
Mine, near Volcano. Amador County. Cal..
draining into Putter Creek, which reaches
Juaquin River: from W., F. W. and
Oeo Wcyrtian. in Comet Hill Gravel Mine,
mar Orm&lta Hill. El Dorado Countv. Cal..
draining into Bull Ravine, which drains i''- ; ,->
Webber Creek, thence into American Rivtl'-;
from E. A. Wiltfpe and J. B. Doolittle, In
French Hill Mine, near Lasranpe. Stanislaus
County. Cel.. draining into ?nak«r Ravine.
»h;«.ti drains into Tuolumne Rlv«r. and from
K A Wiltee* and J. E. Doolittle, in Pat-
rlrksville Mining district, draining into Pat-
ri'ks Baein. near Lagrange. Stanislaus Coun.
iv, Cal.. elve* notice that meeting wiil be
held at room 9«. Floe d buildinc. San Fran-
c-fFcr. Cal.. Jan. 11. l!»04. at 1:30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the stockholder* of
the Nevada National Bank cf San Fran-
ritco. Cal.. will be held at Its bankins
hcuse. SCI Montgomery etreet. San Fran-
c;eco. Csl.. en Tuesday. January 12. 1904.
et 2:15 p. rn.. for the election of directors
to e«rve during the ensuing year, and for
the transaction of such ether business as
may come before the meeting.
GEORGE GRAIIT. 6ec
Fsn Francisco. Dec. 12. IS03.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on building and loan
'.t »crth having. Great \k>*tern Improve-
tner.t Company. Parrott building.
AGENTS can make $7 per day up in spare
tim*: more by *trady work. REDD1N. 72ti
Starr King building.
ATTO^NEYS-AT-LAAV.
W. H. BITTNER.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Euite 322. Emma Epreckels building.
Divorces, quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes: damages secured for injuries to
person or estate: replevins for property un-
Umfully detained: attachments and garnish-
ments for debts: bonds furnished: bankruptcy
jrroceedinge; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made in all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
S"- me and save money; no pay in advance.
G. XV. HOWE ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yr*. ; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market et.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed
R. TV. KING. Attorney-at-Lasi-. Exam. bldg..
f.th flocr. entrance room «;ll; established 20
year*; all cases; Kt-ncral court and office
rractice; r.o f«- In advance or for consulta-
tion: evenl:iss by eppointment. Tel. Red ;;';ol.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and air other law
ceief; no fee* in advance; open every even-
ir.g. J. M. THURSTON. M9 Market st.. r. U.
ADVICE FREE. •
Columbian Law end Collection Agency.
Room S5. SIC Market St.: tel. John 6226.
DIVORCE co*t* $12: open evenings- tenants
ejected. $5. 910 Market, r.^iphone lilack «51.
DIVORCE— Coets. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; cp>-n cvningf. 027 Market St.. r. 301.
ADVICE free; no charge ¦unless successful: all
law business. W. W. Davidson. J»27 Market
L. R. CLARK. 927 Market- et.; consultation
free: n'. fees In advance; open evenings.
BIRDS. DOGS. tsrcT ~
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots: ail
kinds of cons end fancy birds: roldnsh seed
c*ces. etc Give us a trial: »• will 'pleas*
you. IMC Mark»t «t
_^ UCSIXESS CU A.VCES; "
ETRAXGERS. ATTENTICJnI -——- — -—•
Are vec looking tor a eafe snd profiiable bus-
_lne*i opening in San Francisco? If «o. we can
'' efler you any number requiring an Investment
fr-.-m $100 to (50.000: every bUEiae.:* oppoi-
tunlty that passes through our office mutt
ctand the clotest investigation, and we can
place you in a Btore. factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice, cr. In fact any business you may prefer;
kindly rail snd Investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Bull 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A— 8 PER CENT MONTH LyT
On investments of $100 and upward; no *'get-
rU-h-quIck" twlndle. turf speculation <r gam-
bling fecheme. but a reputable, established
»>u*iness enterprise in £an Francisco- cleared
$6;.000 la*t year on $100,000 capital: stock
Increased f20.0i>0 to enlarge the plant; call
er write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st
A— KERCHANT6. ATTENTION^ ~
Do you wish to fnlarjre your business, or lo
jou de«ire additional capital? If po, *« can
fu:-irh you with an active or fcllent f.rtner
%bo will Invent !rom $l*)0 to $50,000; we
fca « a lsre« number of detlrable applicants
«D our bock* keeking rood buclnrrs openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Fun 221. Emma Epreckels building.
*50T — EXCELLENT opportunity for business
woman tr, make money. Bo* -"204. Call.
WANTED — Partner with $500 to establish new
butir.f t»: machinist preferred; bx 3©7. Call.
> lirsiJVES* CIIAXCE9---Conttiine«l.
R. G. WILKE, Real Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years). 26H Kearny,
ft, rooms *j and 10.
A— $1000 COFFEE taloon and restaurant on
the water front. clos« to Market *t: dally
receipts abuut 565; business clearing $300
per month; trial elven; a splendid offer; in-
vectlgate at once. £ee It G. WILKE. 26W
Ktarny et.
A— $350f; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
in Point Richmond; rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and fetand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
company; owner never clears less than $300
per montn. Call K. O. WILKE. 20 »£ ilear-
ny xt.
A— $1800; HALF Interest In one or the best
corner saloons cu water front: lease; dla*
agreement of partners cause of sale; will
tell whole fcr S3JW). Call R. G. WILKE,
¦MVj Kearny st
A— $1250; CORNER ealoon en Fourth at. close
to a. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen: a good paying buslaus. ste
ft. G. WILKE. 2B*fr Kearny st. ¦
A— $*i0o; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
ttore; rent $22: business clears above $100.
per month; living rocms; value ia sight
Call R. G. WILKE. 2t>V4 Kearuy St.*
A— $1200; COFFEE ealoon and bakery; close lo
Phelan building; a good paying business,
but mut be sacrificed on account of owner
being sick In hospital. Particulars, R. <-J.
WILKE. 2C»4 Kearny st
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
In Monterey County, with 5 acres of land,
dwelling house, plaughter house, tbop fix-
tures, bolter, tank, etc.; 8 horses, wagons
and a well ertablUhed trade; this is a tlrst-
d(» bimlneaf proposition. AH particulars.
R. G. WILKK. 2U& Kearay Bt
A— $o500; CORNER saloon, about 1 block south
cf Ct./onicle bldg.; established years and a
first-class paying place; fullest Investigation
tolicited; tb:s is a very rare chance. Call
R. Q. WILKE. 26H Kearny st
A— $^000; GENERAL merchandise store about
60 mile* from this city; a well-established
and first-class paying business: yearly s&le«
about $15. wo: all cash trade; a very rare
chance. Particulars, R. G. WILKE. 2614
Kearny et.
A— $2500; DELICATESSEN 'store with lunch-
rocm: rent $20; a good paying business:
large stock; owner clears at least above ex-
penses $125 per month; sickness only cause o(
tale. R. G. WILKE. 2CVJ Kearny St.
FOR sale— Beautiful and picturetxjue health
and summer resort, 2 hours' ride from S.
F., 20 minutes' ride from depot; has 20
acres land, eet with all kinds fruits, flow-
ers; beautiful!, groves; 32-room hotel, with
cottage of 4 rooms, all furnished; necessary
outbuildings, dance pavilion, bar. bath-
houses, lake for rowing: raises cwn Veg-
etables, poultry and hay; 2 horses, buggies,
bus. Jersey cow and cal*, chlckeniv bar fix-
tures, billiard table, new upright J piano; 3
years' lease at $500 per year, can g*t longer;
fine mineral springs; will cure many dis-
eases; money in everything on place; round
trip Sundays $1 M from S. F. : death cause
ofsal»; price $2250. CAMERON. 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale— Best little restaurant in city; rent
$45: central; receipts $35 to $40 day; must
leave tu*.:,; price $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
fr r'm'p^ house or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
CALL and ree the list of lodging houses from
6 to 200 rooms; cheap rents; hotels, road-
hnuses, talcon*. restaurants, groceries, livery
ctables bought and sold and exchanged;
money loaned on chattels; millinery store to
exchange. EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
PARTNER wanted with $1000 to handl«
financial end of rapid money-making office
business : strictly ; legitimate and perma-
nent; will stand closest invest^Bation : will
clear no less than $250 a month each; chance
of a liietime for a conservative Investor.
Call or addrces 1055 Grove St., Oakland.
WANTED— Partner in undertaking business.
Box 2705. Call office.
$175 BUYS half interest in cigar store and pool-
room. Inquire 8 Mason st.
$00— GO.'jD paying cigar store; good 4tock;
cheap rent. S Mason st.
RESTAURANT: bargain; J375; on good street;
good trade ; sx.ap. 8 Mason Ft.
WANTED — Partner in mountain hermitage for
study and development. HALL, 6 Brady st.
A THOROUGHLY responsible business house
d»?ires intelligent young man with $5000 to
$iO.C0O as head of a department carrying sat-
isfactorv ralary; commercial and bank refer-
ence fus'.Jished; state age, reference and busi-
ness experience. Address box 3C53, Call.
$2000— PARTNER: party with three valuable
Inventions wants capital: full control Pacific^
Coast States given: goods are being sold to
breweries and wine' dealers; large profits;
fortune in sight. Address box 3C20, Call.
AN o!d-pstab!ished whoesale fruit produce
oommisricn business for sale cheap; owner
wishes to retire on account of old age reason
for selling. Box 3679, Call office.
HAVE you anything to s«!l or money to Invest?
Write u« for particulars; agents everywhere.
Altadena Investment Syndicate. 70S Market
»t.. Fun Kmnci^cn. Cal.
ALL kinis of business bought, sold or ex-
changed by P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 4C6 Tenth
st.. Oakland.
A— WORKJNGMA N* S boardlng-houte; pood lo-
catlnn: low rent; nteady boarders: no agents.
Box iSOn. Call office.
FOR sale — One of the best paying stationery
and book stores north of Market. Inquire
at 615 Larkln st.
WANTED — Partner with $600 In advertising
business; chance to make money. Call 813
Van Nets ave.. 5 to 6.
$500— PARTNER: fine buslnesn; $200 to $300
month. Box C205. Call office.
$500 — Will sell at Mcrtn"ce Ealoon. stock, fix-
tures, good will. etc. Apply 316 Clay st.
PARTNER delicacy and restaurant; complete;
woman preferred. INGRAM. 759 Market st
SALOON for sale cheap. $250. Particulars,
Xorth Star Brewery. Army St., nr. Mission.
FIRST-CLASs'restaurant at a sacrifice; easy
terms. C39 Poet et
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reeep-
tlcn of advertisements and subscriptions bas
been osened at 100S Market »t. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES KOU SALET
H. C. DECKER. H. C. DECKER.
¦ Phi-ne John 531.
JtfT- Market st. 5*06 Market St.. cor. Stockton
Over 27 Years in Business in San Francisco.
Square Dealing. Easy Terms. Clear Titles.
Pee My Large and Small Bargains.
7 It; on Post Rt.; only $100 cash $3C0
14 R. swell location; good Income. ,'.... ftitQ
30 R. full of roomers: fine location. 2.2GO
42 R. ror.t $150; on Post: clears $200.. 2.S0O
12 R.; cor. OB California: worth S121K).. 700
35 R.; on Market: part offices 3 700
REMEMBF.R TIWVT DECKER
Win Losri You Money en Any House. '
7 R. ; on Golden Gate; elegant fur'ure. 450
1R R. en Geary; new house & fur'ture. 1.500
«<» R.; near central part; clears $500.. 7,500
Its R. ; apartment house; elegant 15,000
1C« K. ; orfices & transient: c!»ars $600... 7,500
1» rooms and bath; on Fulton.. 1.C00
24 rooms; best in city 1.400
J>7 room house; clears $250 2^000
.53 rooms; on Market Ci entrances) 2,800
20 rooms; transient (corner) 3,500
12 R. on Geary: to exchange »>5O
:M rooms ; very fin<» 4,200
14 rooin»; on Mission '"00
ZO rooms; corner; fine place l,f>00
7 It and bath;new flat;great bargain. '«50
50 R.: boarding house; fine corner 5 000
1« it; on Jessie; rent $43; clears $100 800
15 It., on Stockton «.; clears $150 l,40u
21 It; new; on Suttcr; offer wanted.. 2 800
Call for List of Large and Small Houses.
Call— I can suit you. I have the houses
and mtst sell them.
H. C. DECKER. 0(6 Market, cor. Stockton.
C, E. HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 796.
KVO Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Reliable Dealing. Easy Terms. Clear Titles.
Former Patron* My Best References.
i'l rooms; near Market Bt $ 75«
1W> room*; pian.i runny corner 7<J«K)
40 rooms;.. Van Ness ave.; worth $3000 18(10
j tt rooms; cheerful and homelike 175
IS rooms; « unfurnished; rent $45 500
."5 rooms; transient; lease 1500
1*0 rooms: lease: electric lights bSO
S rooms;Post tt. ; rent $3?: only 250
14 rooms: Taylor st. ; speculation 7. r rt>
7-room fiat; newly furnished 350
A— JOSEPH SKIRM. '
Rocm 72 St. Ann's building, C Eddy st.
24 rooms; rent $05; location O. K .$1KOO
M rooms; Van Ness; boarding; ccr.; snap. 1500
11 rooms: fur & carp 1 mo old; cost $1000. 700
AND NOW THINK OF THESE:
30 ROOMS; SUNNY CORNER; RENT $3
ROOM: ONLY *i500
30 ROOMS; FUR. & CARPETS NEW 6
MONTHS AGO; RENT $100 $2100
FOR BARGAINS CALL ON
SKIRM. Room 72. St. Ann's building.
A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with «9
elegantly f urniehed rooms, on Van Kecs are. :
rooms always occupied and flrst-rlaas patron-
age. E«c R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny st
ROOMING house; 14 rooms and bath; carpvts
new; furniture In good condition; rent 165
month; central locatlcn; a bargain if sold at
, once. 508 Post st
EDUCATIONAL, — Continued.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty.24 Post
Ft., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering,
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
PRIVATE lessons; penmanship and English;
day or night. &30 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping.grammar. writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
EM H^^ E^ T^)FFICE9 ;
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st: tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best belp; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japfenese-
Chlnese help. 420 gowelL Tel. Main 8782.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton; tei. Grant 16S: expert reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chiness Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main SIS*.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung*s. 411% O'Farrell: tel. Ea*'. NM.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yean.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
E3IPLOY3IENT WAXTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS cook, also a number of ser-
vants for different kinds of work, wish sit-
uations. See J. F. CROSETT & Co.. 334
Sutter st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation
In city to do light housework and plain
cooking for a small family; wages $20; no
washing. 545 Minna st.
HOUSEWORK by thoroughly capable girl;
can be trusted with household cares; fine
cook and excellent manager; fare expected;
wages $25. 353 Minna st.. rear.
EXPERIENCED trained nurse desires posi-
tion taking care of invalid or sick person;
best of references given. Address 511 Leav-
enworth st.
: GERMAN woman would like to go out by the
day washing, ironing and cleaning; experi-
enced laundress. 311 % Jessie St., upstairs.
WANTED — A situation by an elderly woman In
Fmall family; good pMin cock and laundress.
200 Lily ave.
A GERMAN girl wishes situation as upstairs
girl. Apply at S3 East Park st. Bernal
Heights.
WANTED — By a refined lady a position as
housekeeper in an apartment house or pri-
vate family. Box 2755, Call.
MAN and wife ¦wish positions aa butler and
cook in private family; city or country;
best of references. Box 75. 1008 Market st.
A COMPETENT Scandinavian girl wishes
housework and cooking; wages $30? Box
2734. Call. —
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work, by the
day. 77 Ninth st.
REFINED l«dy would like position as house-
keeper. Box 2703. Call office.
DRESSMAKER wishes a few more engage-
ments by the day; evening, ball, wedding,
embroidered, tailor-made gowns and evening
¦wraps a specialty: prefer taking work home;
reference given; $1 per day. 713 Post at;
phone Lai kin 2637.
GOVERNESS wishes position; thorough, experi-
enced teacher and musician; piano, voice
culture, German. English branches, litera-
ture; terms $30; references; country pre-
ferred. Box 3654, Call office.
WANTED — By experienced nurse, take full
charge of baby from birth, wait on invalid,
help with light housework. Call at 757
Harrison st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman will cook or will do
any kind of kitchen work; no objection to
restaurants. 261 Shlnlcy st.
EASTERN woman of much experience would
like position housekeeper; best of reference.
Ansonia apartments, rocm 610.
NEAT colored girl from New York as wait-
ress, chambermaid or cook; car fare. 1006
Clay gt.
WANTED— A position by competent cook. 1204
Powell st.
ADVERTISEMENTS. Fubscrlptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan ft Church »ts-
WANT adu and subscriptions taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st
FIRST-CLASS man ami wife for gardening,
horses," etc., wife, cook, etc.; also a firsr*
••lass hctol cook and wife as helper or wai-
tress, wish situations. See J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A MIDDLE-AGED married man desires* a po-
sition with some responsible tlrm; will accept
any situation, city or country. Address box
2702. Call office.
YOUNG man who ha« IS months 1 experience
desires, oosition in barber shop to fiiJKi ap-
prenticeship. Address G. T. WELLS, m) Cal-
ifornia «:t.
I DRAUGHTSMAN wants a position in machine
shop or foundry on small pay; 5 months' ex-
perlence. Address Call Branch, 3C0 Hayes st.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by a respectable man
willing to work for small wages for a few
months. Box 3632. Call office.
POSITION wanted— A reliable married man;
understands CRre of horses, carriages and
harness and (^» milk; wife good cook and
laundress; references. S. D.. 77 Ninth st.
Al ELECTRICIAN; 10 years' practical experl-
ence in electric light and power plant of high
voltage; Installing, setting up and all repairs:
wants position as superintendent of email
company or as electrician with construction
company: - years' technical training; best of
references. Box 3638. Call.
A YOUNG man. steady and . capable, desires
position In private place: gool gardener;
thoroughly understands horses; good driver.
Address box SS7, Call office, Oakland.
A SOBER Swiss commercial traveler, wreaking
and writing English, German, French, Ital-
ian, Spanish, is looking for a situation; best
references given. Offers to box 4541. Call.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper, stock, bill
or shipping clerk by married man, 2S; sober:
good habits. Box 3650. Call office.
GRADUATE In pharmacy ' and medicine must
have employment; honest, sober, willing.
Doctor. 611 Polk st; phone Hyde 181."
CARPENTER wants work; will do any kind
of carpenter work; references. Carpenter.
1008 Hyde st.
EDUCATED young man wants position; will
do any kind of work. Box 36SS, Call.
GARDENER wants position; flowers, fruits,
vegetables; unmarried; ase 34. Box 3675. CalL
LODCIXr. HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone 1050.
3 Eddy s t. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters tor rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
125 rooms; first-class downtown bouse; 5-
year lease; cheap rent; private" bat lis; doing
fine commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 rooms; rent only $125; good lease; fine
location; some apartments always full; clears
$200.
116 rooms; new and elegantly appointed
"apartment house; one of the swellest in city:
clearing $500 to $000 per month; bplendid
opportunity.
7-room new modern flat: $-150 cash, bal-
ance on Installments; income $43; price 8550.
220 rooms; grand new modern'apartment-
house; elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing $400 to $UO0 per month; sclden op-
portunity.
15 rooms; Van Ness; cak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain if taken at once.
8S rooms; bonton location: elegant balld-
Vlng; luxuriously furnished; all modern con-
veniences; grand entrance and halls; strictly
up-to-date; called East by sickness.
12 rooms; Post: oe.k fur., Brus." carpets;
clears $50; $300 cash. bal. on installments:
price fSOO.
69 rooms; new and elegant building; fur-
nished beautifully and up-to-date; hjt and
cold water every room; $4000 cash necessary.
30 rooms; rent $05; fine location: all on two
floors; 3 years* lease; clears $100. all full;
$2000.
50 rooms; Bush; rent only $162; good fur.,
carpets; clearing over $200 per month; only
14 rooms to take care of, balance do own
work; a snap.
15 rooms: Van Ness: rent $S5: oak. ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200;
almost new.
$6 rooms; cheap rent; furnished last June;
oak fur.. Brus. carpets; clears over $250 per
month; half cash, balance 1 per cent; owner
sick in bed.
7 rooms; rent $3S; modern hause; new fur-
niture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance
time.
14 rooms; rent $40; new and modern little
boarding-house; fine furniture; hair, mat-
tresses; clearing over $200 per month; price
$1000.
10 rooms; cor.; rent $95; oak fur.; good
carpets, hair mattresses; part cash, balance
on time.
22 rooms; rent $75; never changed hands;
all men; steady roomers the year>around;
clears $S5 per month; flrst-class ' business
district; price $1800.
. 6 rooms; rent $45; oak fur.: moquet car-
pets; furnished 4 months; clears $45; see this.
18 rooms; fine sunny corner; rent only $S0;
well furnished; aJl outside rooms; fine yard;
clears $100.
68 rooms: rent $250; 2 years' lease; well
furnished throughout; close In: first-class
boarding-house; clearing $250 per month.
1903. • 1004.
[MARION GRIFFIN]
[SENDS]
[HOLIDAY GREETINGS]
TO THE '
[3600 People who called In 1903]
[at his up-to-date offices].
400 Examiner Bids.— 406 Examiner Bldg.
[Phone Black 3ti07. Money to loan.]
[11 ROOMS.]
Big bargain; $150; new I year; full of roomers;
positively must be sold for cash; $150.
[44 ROOMS.]
Dividends of $500 monthly to you If you can
run a big transient house right; price $1500;
costs nothing to Investigate.
[100 ROOMS.]
FIRST-CLASS family hotel; all modern conve-
niences; cuisine and service special features;
10-ytar lease; ocean water on each floor.
[65 ROOMS.]
NEW and modern building; splendid furnish-
ings; 5-year lease; Hears $450 month.
[21 BOOMS.]
HIGH-TONED transient corner house; 3 blocks
of Market; clears $1*>O to $200 month.
[34 ROOMS.]
CORNER house; north of Market: reduced to
$2250; terms one-half down and Installments,
or will exchange for smaller hou3e or real
estate. *
[25 ROOMS.]
CORNER: 3 blocks of Market; $1550; rent $75;
a good honest lodging-house.
[.'» ROOMS.]
NEW and modern; extra fine furnishings; hot
water In every room; very swell; • $1500 , to
$2000 ia cash necessary; lea.«e-; clears $170.
[40 ROOMS.]
NEW house: new furnishings: rent $100; se-
vere sickness reduced the price to $3000.
[23 ROOMS.]
Near New Tivoll ; rent $100: clears $125 month;
$1700; central; easy terms.
[37 ROOMS.]
FURNISHED gorgeously In velvet and birds-
eye maple; new: 5-yoar lease; big profit.
[52 ROOMS.]
GRASP it; rent $225; guaranteed to be clearing
$250 month above all expenses; respectable;
5-year lease; fine corner house.
[28 ROOMS.]
GREAT bargain: must sell: rent $50; full of
people; quiet house: $1250.
[32 ROOMS.]
CORNER epartment-house In spacious grounds;
rent $125; clears $200; well furnished.
[50 ROOMS.]
SWELL apartments: 4-year lease; up to date;
new house; paying big dividends $4000.
[20 ROOMS.]
IN fine grounds: large, sunlit mansion; mag-
nificently furnished: now clearing $150; death
cause of sale; boarding-house. .
[83 ROOMS.]
HOTEL with bar: doing rushlnr business: oak
8nd cherry furniture; worth $10,000: will sell
fcr $(5500; dissolution of partnership.
[14 ROOMS.]
PICK-UP; a holiday gift for some deserving
lady: price $550 cash: a respectable house,
clearing $38 monthly.
[15 ROOMS.]
TRANSIENT house, near Market; good condi-
tion; easy terms; makes much money.
A ROOMING-HOUSE snap; IS rooms In a fine
location; Just furnished new; if you take It
quick it can be had at a very low price: don't
overlook this offer; there's nothing in town to
beat it. Apply II. S. RANSON, 261 Geary st.
FOR SALE— A BOARDINO-tfOUSE: MEDIUM
SIZE: ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 283d.
CALL OFFICE.
CORNER house, 54 rocms; center of city; rent
$225: 5 years' lease; clean! $250 month; must
sell before January 1. Eox 3040, Call office.
FURNITURE G-room house; $200; rent $20;
near Mint. Box 3600. Call. ,
LODGI.VG-HOUSKS WANTED.
WANTED — A furnished lodging-house, about
40 rooms: not too far out; will pay cash;
state price and give location. Box 363S, Cnll.
> SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writrng and clairvoyance: stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy Bt.. nr. Octavia; phone Scott 887.
W. B. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat; 10c; sit., 10 to 5. 148 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. C19 McAllister; come skeptics.
EDWARD EARLR. 10B2 Ellis, readings dally.
0:20 to 4; Frances Sunday and Thursday. »
" CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^PAITL DESTINE. ~™
Tbe Flrrt Registered Tranc* Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San FrancUcn.
Read Carefully. As Hon*t Proposition.
No C*.arg» No Cha.rsr«
Unlem you eMain th» Information for which
ypn consult me.
I do herrhy Kolemnly ngree and smanint** \n
make no charge If I fall to tell your nsrn». oo-
cupat'on «tu1 what you called for; I proml** to
tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart U tni»
or false: tell who «pd when you will marry; In
.fact. I will tell overy hop*, fear or nmbitlpn
better than you can tell y>ur«eif: I .-eunite th»
separated, restore lost affection*, cause npeMy
and happy marriage, give you cood luck, re-
store lest energy: 10 a. m. to H p. m.; Sun. 2-9.
326 O'Fatrell st; low fee this week— $1. $1. St.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st:. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, elves an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
prest-nt harpeninKs and portrays even's to
occur In the future: If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not «atlsfled with life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome, them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs, of life; '25c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4503.
STARTLING disclosure made: como at once
to Kovlt.c Bill's Gypsy Camp
And consult Prof. Sardou and Gypsy Madge,
2 expert calmists and life readers — 2.
True and reliable advice on all business af .
fairs, luve. troubles and speculations; they
have nc equal; ¦ satisfaction guaranteed.
Hours, 9 a. m. until 10 at night.
25c Hand Readings. $25c; worth $1. '•
/ ROVING BILL, 260 O'Farrell st.' ';
MME. VE1NA. wonderful trance medium and
card reader: Just- returned from long ab-
ttnee. 406 Geary st., near Masan, room 1.
v '-.
EMPLOY3IE3ST WAXTED— MALE.
WANTED— A position on fruit or poultry
farm; can run incubators and brooders. J.
K... box 4S42. Call.
EXPERT GASOLINE ENGINEER Is open for
position on Jan. 1. Address Engineer, 42S
O"Farrell tt.. city. Box .{500. CalK
YOUNG man. 30. desires a position of trust
with some roaonsible house, looking to ad-
vancement. Addre.«s box S501. Call.
GERMAN of good education and appearance,
sober and reliable, wants position in wine or
liquor store. Box 3072. Call office.
SHIPPING clerk: young man competent for any
place as a shipping clerk would like a situa-
tion with some reliable firm. Box ;".i.67. Call.
WANTED — Position to do plain cooking and
housework. K. AKUTSU, 121 Haight st.
A JAPANESE wants position aa schoolboy. H.
NIKKI. 4C5 Post st.
rACIAI. MAS3AOB. ~
A — WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: 30c. M LUTON. manl-
curlng parjors. 764 Larkln st. ; phone Polk 17.
FINANCIAL.
HALFMOON Bay — A new company now organ-
izing owns nearly completed well ohly 400
feet from the Independent gusher: officered
by men of highest reputation: small amount
of stock is offered- at organization price.
. DEBENTURE SURETY CO..RIaIto bdg.^.F.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and FU
I canclal Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
( ;
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
st.' on tbe square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department: let us give
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market st; services abso-
lutely free.
LARKIN. 161ft— FINE 5-ROOM FLAT: LARGE
YARD: DRY BASEMENT; FRENCH
RANGE: LAUNDRY: FINEST LOCALITY;
FURNISHED OR UNFURN.: A SNAP.
FLAT— 9 room* and bath; hall and parlor
frescoed. 950 Eddy st.
FRENCH flat of 5 rooms and bath. 347 Hlck-
ory p.ve.. n«ar Laguna.
MASON, 1132 — Modem, sunny flat. 7 rooms,
bath; vacant by January 1. 687 Pine st.
UNION. 1065 near Leavenworth — Sunny upper
flat. 6 rooms and bath; marine view; $30.
$27 60 — NEW, modern Cat. 6 rooms, bath,
basement 134 Eureka st.. sear Eighteenth.
FUn.MTLIlK FOR SALE.
NEW oak bedroom set; also household goods.
Inc. beddlnar. kitchen ware. 1312 H Mission.
furniture: wanted.
A— Highest price paid for fur..carpets. etc Mrs.
T. B. gelby. Equitable Fur. Co.. 812 Larkln.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP. auctlo'nter,1818 Mkf.tel.Howard 2758.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A— FIRST-class cook for small family \n city;
German cooking; wages $40. MISS PLUN-
KETT, 425 Sutter st, near Powell.
FOUR first-class waitresses for hotels in city:
$30 each; call at MISS PLUNKETT'S, 425
Sutter *t.. near Powell.
A— FIRST-class laundress for 3 in family; $3f>.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter. near Powell.
AN Infant's nurse: S30: must bring city ref-
erences. MISS FLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St..
near Powell.
A — CHAMBERMAID and seamstress; no walt-
'ng on table: wases $25; place in Oakland.
Call at MISS PLUNKETT'S, 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell.
-WANTED — Cook, $33? laundress for county In-
stitution. *25; cook, small restaurant $lt>
week: cook. no washing. Oakland. $30;
chamber work, private. $30; parlormaid, $3O;
general housework. 2 In family. Menlo Park.
$30; 5 second girls. $2O. $25: nurse girl. San
Rafael, $20, for hotel: 2 r.urse girls, $15, $20;
waitress. Monterey, S25: 4 chambermaids,
wait 1 meal. $20. $22 50; ft family hotel
v.-aitrerses. $20. $25; restaurant waitress. $9
¦week; cook and second srirl. same house. $25.
$20: 3 men and wives. X45. $50. $C0: 4« gen-
eral housework eirls at S2<». $25. $30, $35.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.
WANTED — At San Francisco Employment
Tureau. 27'j Fourth st.. housekeeper fcr 1
man. S20 and found; light housework. Berke-
ley. SIS: housework, city. $18 and found; girl
for housework, $25. Phone Grant 26.
A COOK. $35: two cocks. $30 and $25; two
second eirls. $30 each; waitress, 'institution,
$25: housi girl. ?ia MR3. NORTON. U13
Sutter.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn ha>rdre-sing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 uer week up; leading school ia
West 233 Geary st. room IX
A — Girls to learn millinery now for srrlng sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to flnisa
In 1 month for $10; positions as trimmers,
talesladles. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk.up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st, r. IX
A— LADIES ta learn all branches halrdresslcg
trade; menicurlnc. massage, etc. 1238 Max-
ket st. cor. Jones, room M; positions secured
Rt highest wages: day and eve, class: calL
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.a
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home evenings or s^are time and return to
us; no mailine' or canvassins; $9 weekly
earned: materials free; inclose self-ad-
dressed envelooe for sartlcular*. Guarantee
Co.. No. S 4 Ninth st.. Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED — In San Rafael, a strong, intelli-
gent girl, about 28 years, for general house-
work- wages $30 per month. Address, with
references, H. B., 805 Fourth st.. San Ra-
fael. Cal. _ (
WORKING housekeeper and girl for general
housework wanted; mother and daughtsr pre-
ferred: good salary to rtcht party. Address
p. O. box 424. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— Exr*rlenced alteration hands on
suits ami nklrts. Call at STRAUSS &
FROHMAN'S. 107 Post.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman for general
housework; references. 5(52 Clayton., cor.
Halsht.
WANTED — A competent cook: must under-
stand German cooking; references required.
Call 1210 O'Fcrrell tt. •
WANTED — Experienced sales ladies In cloak
and suit department; city references required.
Call at STRAUSS fc FROHMAN'S. 107 Post.
WANTED — Girl for housework; wages $2O to
$25. 51 Cumberland St.. bet. 19th and 20th,
and Guerrero and Dolores sts.
W\N*TED — First-class salesladies on cloaks
and suits; city references. BARON'S. 762
Market st. ¦
WANTED— A flrst-class waitress at 304 Mason
at. : wages ?0 a week. ¦
A SECOND Klrl for private family; city ref-
erences; $2C. 1717 Broadway, near Franklin.
BAG operators wanted. Ill Clayjst.
EXPERIENCED arm waitress; $0 a week.
631 Clay st.
LAUNDRESS for I day each week: $1 50.
1713 Broderick. near Bush. ¦?',,:;
GIRL for general housework; $15 a month. 120
Eleventh st. top floor, left.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing: $20: call morning. 2417 Jackscn.
SWEDISH girl wanted for general houjework.
1720 Le Roy ava., Berkeley. Calif.
GIRLS and ironers wanted. National Laundry.
411 Sanchez st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes « p. m. Wednesdav: salary no "biect.
; INDUSTRIOUS business women capable of
handling mercantile proposition can serur*
employment with the Royal Mercantile Co. :
genteel work: good compensation. Suite 1»,
Columbian building. 910 Market st.
YOUNG lady can earn tuition folding circu.
lars. etc. 3. F. Bus. College. 1230 Market
A GOOD Conversationist to teauhand train
employee. Box :t«74. Cull. •
PROTESTANT girl for general houitwork- $"0
month: no washing. 2515 Pln<i st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished *4U»
M. G. Barrett Instructor. 303 Montgomery.
HELP WASTED MALE.
\— MURRAY & READY. P.:4-fc":u Clay st.
Phone Main 884*
Leading Employment ami Lar-or Aienta.
1002 We Gave W« _f* tt ,G!»_
45. CW Men Work. t'C.U» Men Work
ARIZONA, close t.> PRESCOTT.
German tr Scandinavian cock, wife, $50.
Carriage trimmer. Old Mexico, free far?.
XJ>— DON'T rOP.GET— $9.
Arizona. To-day. Prescott.
Steady Job fcr two years: big wastes.
ITALIANS.
40 Italians to chop wood; tools* found.
, NEW n. R. WORK.
155 Italians or Portuguese. 9C0.
155 Greeks or Spaniards. $fii>.
ISA Austrian? or Mexicans. $«W.
CATHOLIC CHLRCH.
Sexton, young or middls-aged man. $25 found
5 cock!-. $".0, $40. #30, $t;o and found.
MURRAY & READY. tEU-CSi; Clay st
2 P.ARTENDKRS, S^ and fcund.
Baker; institution: $4(* eii.j found.
GOOD JOBS.
12 two ana four horse teamsters. $87 50 and
$75 per month: good jobs.
German brewer for "State of Nevada.
Bread baker, $10 3ml found.
Office man and porter, country hotel. ISO fd.
Man as laborer, wife as cook, for mine, $75 (d
BIG LUMBER COMPANY.
4 speel tenders, $4.> and found.
4 rijTEingr pullers. $40 and found.
Night foreman. $4O and found. . _
GOLD QUARTZ MINE. .
3 car men. *67 GO. j t -_
3 chuck tenders. $07 50. \
Skip tender. $07 50.
3 bell boys. $23. $20, $15 and found.
Cook for 4 men. mine. $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY. t^H-lOo Clay st
GARDEN. t :R and coachmaji. maii and wife,
*60, rolTences; farmer and wtfe, $45 and
found: chore man, $25 and found; pantry
man, $'J5 and founi; cook and wife, $60: col-
ored elevator boy, $-"i>. and others. J. F.
CROSETT &. CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
COAL MINERS. OREGON. FREE FARE.
4 coal min»rs; 6-ft. vein; $1 a ton.
iV teamsters: ?G7 50 and $7."» a month.
California Employment Agency. 69 Third st
Phone Bush 4O5.
A— Second butler for a private family; $13.
MISS PLUNKETTS, 423 Sutter st. near
Powell.
$200 WANTED — Reliable, sober man to taJcs
retiring: partner's rhterest In an established
business that pays $»O mo. each: sure profit;
no exi,erlence required. 1016 Market, r 10.
YOUNG men everywhere copy letters; homs
evenings; $!> 50 week. Send addressed env-1-
ope for particulars, manarr department S 4.
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Men and women to learn tha
barber trade; wages paid while learning.
Call or address Western College of Barber*.
6-1 1 Commercial st.. San Francisco.
YOUNG man; typewriting and general work;
small wage* and no snap; answer fully.
Bos 02. 1008 Market st.
WANTED — Active, steady man to taks Interest
old established business: draw over $100 a>
month; $300 required. 13 Montgomery, r 8-
LOCKSMITH or vise hand to work on glov»
dies. WM. N. GUTZMAN. 17<^ Dwlgat
way. Berkeley.
MUSICIANS to join military band. 328 Bush
si., third flocr. room 4.
CLOTHING sale-man wanted for pants d«-
partment. Apply S. N\ WOOD & CO.
WANTED— Wire frame makers. UNION HAT '
CO.. 578 Mission st.
AT once, two high-gTade canvassers for maga-
»lne work. 5» Columbian bldg.: ctty-
WAITER wanted: restaurant. 194 First st.
BARBER for prominent city club; chancr-.for
flrst-class man only. Cox 27C4. Call o;'noe.
WANTED— A waiter. 29 Stockton sc.
A— I. ~~ U
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catatogua and full
infomrsktion mailed free. MOLER Syfea
College. 6.T5 Pay st. '^
WHY pay big prices to hare your shoes h*«-
foled when you can eet it done for 25c. 34ks
«nd 6Cc while you wait at 583 Mission St..
bet. W and 2d sts.. or 11 Third «t?
TRY our men's shoes, union made at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 SO. op
orthopedic shoes, $3 TO; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market
TRY our men's shoe*, union made, at $1 ani
91 50 pair; fcot-form shoes at $2 50; w» pay
express or mail chares. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 1*.
fifth flocr, 205 I-arkin St.. fcr free informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.;
day or evenings.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a *oo<i
talker. *a*er to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 473 Parrott building.
WANTED— For XT. 3. Martr.e Corps, ab!*-
bcdled ueniarrted men. between 21 snd 33:
Itccd character: must speak, read and writ*
Engliih: marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in a'l parts of th« world, on land (n our
Island pcs.«R<-?Iona and at caval stations ta
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 E'.lls ft.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder; on* whs
can do forwarding 1 and finishing- on full
bounds. Apply SAN CORN. VAIL * CO.. T»l
Market st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to kao-w>
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has)
added 1C0 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 2f>0 rooms; 23c to 50c per night.
YOUNG man with traveling experience In W-
cycle and sporting goods lines for whole-*
sale house: state age. salary and experiencsk
Address box 621. Sacramento, Cal.
PALMER HENDRIKSON. formerly of Seattle.
Is earnestly requested to t. rlts to bis sorrow*
Ing mother or coma hom«. .
PENSION ATTT.. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis et. : 14
years' practice: references from thousands at
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
MEN to learn barber trade. Saa Tr-actse*
Barber College, 741A Howard st
SEAMEN for Australia and Europe; also greea
hands for whaling. HERMAN'S. 22 East st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. BnlMs. room 40, Phelaa
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRY have a Urge stock o£
new and second-hand shoes: cheap. 239 3d St.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. sear Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and frum ferry.
A BRANCH office of The* Call for the- reception
' of advertisements and subscriptions has be«r»
opened at 1003 Market St.. oppcsK* Fifth,
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. CCS Mission St.. bet. Ut and 24 sts.
GFT your shoes half solid while waltlnir: Z3*>
to 50c. &C{ Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
• HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR SALE — Handsome trap, cheap. Address
box :j759. Call office. ,
HORSE for sale: $05. 140O Guerrero St.. bet-_C
0 and 10 a. r.i. ' % >
Al EXPRESS wagon. Ileht catnpinc watjoa
and go-cart for sal* cheap. E32 Mission st.
Largest asiorttnt 2-halkd wagons, bucko' d. »ur-
rey.hamess. work, driving horses. 15th-Yale-e!s>
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for err.
cular. O.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: aa Immense Hst:-
•ervlce absolutely free: take advantax* °-
this department; It will save, you t!m» and
trcuble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-233 O«ary
»t, cd the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list "f house*
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25_Po»t st.
A WEEK'S news for 5~cent_— Th» Weekly Call.
1* pagga. In wrapper, for mallinr. $t P»r y«* f -
1.OST AXD FOP5P'
LOST— Pmsll pure white »Dltz ret dog; «*•
brownish yellow spots on ears: left £»r
(•rooplnr: i.'aln new leather collar on. f__
turn to DR. C. W. DECKER, dentist. Phe.an
bid?. , r.nd r?ce:ve reward^ _________——.
FOUND— Chovolate"dTg. CBtUUaM Eve. Owner
can havo name by paying expenses, bet. »
and 8 c. m.. 1-17 Twelfth ave.
LOST— Xmas. heart locket, monogram L. J.~
O. Liberal regard. i:» Oeary »t.. room 5.
LOST— Lady'n «cM watch. Sunday: mcnoKram
¦J. U. F."; iihcral re»_r.l. R. &Z. Call bidg.
LOST— A watch fob on be:<ch near Cliff
House. Return 3»1 Second *¦: reward. - ,-.v
LOST- G*ntl«mjin'.i jnllta r? diamond rinq/
htavy enibosfd gold setting: reward^ MrA,
M. R.. room 11 Hotel Stewart. 431 Ellis st.
jLOST— $10 reward: lest Dec. 2». 1SC3. either at
f*iry buiMIng or on Castro-at. car No. 115.
a lady's (ur upr: return to 205 Dmmm st.
LOST 2 Hack anU I red cow. Pleasa Inform
JOE KENNEL. SU-mlle Ucuae, o_a Uruaj
* - . „ . ~ .. ..... .rr~*r* . — ¦ _-. .... . ... , ¦ _ . • ~~ — ~~ «r^T1TZ , SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, 20, 1903.
13
tell OF GREAT MEEDS lipP
LOST \XB FOl'XD— ConttnofJ.
I.O^r— \W;r.r*iJay. ®rt- Kaifht and Drlores. a
t«.rvir.g tn::e. B:itrhor fhep, ICth and Noe.
1,GST — Between Hsirht and Valencia Et?.^ po!j
vatth with InaJn! '<-b- finder will be fil'.t-
ul-iy rewarCed. Box VSX. Oa'.l office.
LOST— Pnie'.: t"" : '¦'• Cold. Return to 1 City
Hail r'.ace ind reetJTO reward.
:T *-!5l5"»>' *° "R^rnetr.ber" That the Califcrala
Wstrh C«*e r^-. 220 Sutter «.. needt o t1
rclij mrd rOt*T t« make new watch cases.
KSEDICAaV.
Ur::j. DH . IVTETH, ppeciaiis* for all femal*
coivr!iir:t: irtfiant relief 3i>
l«mi' » xpr ri^r.ce ; removed tu M!6 Post «t-
M Ufa nn fc KOI1L. reliable Fpecialist f.ir all re.
mile t:cubie« and Irrecultrities; lr.E'-ant re-
Uef r^ranteed. 100SH Market rt.. «>pp. Ith.
S'AI^r'i-Al"5/frniBle pills; best regulatir.s pills
t-v'.A: ,r"i' e $2 50 by. express. Pasteur's
r>r;r.ice ar.d tablets; 'price $5. By express
, > canreeefpt cf price. ' OSGOOD BUOTH-
| !:.-. «rM)ioalc drucsuts, Btventh and
¦iiway. OakJ&r.a.
blV G - O'DOSSEl-L — All who are *lck or
|£! trootte consult tfc:s specialist on femal*
ocmplaliits: positively corr-?ct<'d; the unTortu-
r.s'.e helped; the most dlfflrult ca«es treated:
device tree. Otflre. Ids Market st.
CATAnnil. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
1 5-ni\*!y ci_«l; n«'w it.eihod: 1 we^k's treat-
:-.. nt !r,-:. Z<r. <"cttir?l.jm. 2<'l Suttcr £t.
l>rs. Gofdnin. 73:« Vurk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In cbstetrlcp. female complaint*; inst. relief;
• -eeimem »lf>; huun. 10 to 5: 25 years' exper.
_ lin$. D. ALLIirf. llllS Market— Reliable ladles'
I fpeclalltt : a j rivate heme before and during
conftncr^Tt : l«-*t medical care: low f«»es.
DP. ROSEN resides 2U93 Foltom Et-. corner
»oth: ladles, relief cr no fee; $10.
PR. and MRS. D J.VIES and HINfOO HERBS:
original iftetfaod of t.^.atmer.t. 1126 Market st.
P-R. NG TOY KEE. 310 Powell st.. Opposite
T'n'o-^ fmiere: ail d'.yra';'* oureii tiv herbs
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS. mK'.net. 24-hand machinery. McIN-
TCaH & WCLPMAN. 195-15*7 Fremont st.
l*iES TOUR KOOF LEAK?
Impair it with elaterite; in rctls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; gocJ over ell
Ir -n. Tin or *h;ngle»; best for rew roofs.
ELATKRITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2XJ-HAND mnchinery. boiler*, er.g.r.es. pumps.
rulieys. Fhafttng. «c. **c. bought, sold.
rented imi exrhar.jred; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCK'T CO.. 1S0-132 Bea'.e st.
A— Ftne suit*. f7 5Ct dress pants. %2 50. Orlsl-
nt! Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny St..
near Bufh: cpen io 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— Buys, sells cr rents gear machinery, en-
fr.es, boiler*! water pipe, shaf: Jg. pulleys.
>xc. WHITKLAW. 253-255 Spear £t.
FOR ?A!.E — $2^0: <» years estah. hair busings;
lfvinjr roorr.;': rtrtye good fi">r any busl:v-!»*= :
• rir-nt t?M rrvntfc : fine location. I.'i23 Market.
LATEST imprrved drop heal IJomeptio; oak
v.rnxiwork: all tua^tme-iif; almost new;
. v.ry <~;»sp IMS P< Ik t* .
TYPEWRITERS, slightly osed, sold at cost:
rcw TJnderwt-od visible typewriter cat«li5t
*ent free. It. E. Revalk & Co.. San FrancUco
IRT our men's ehces at $1 and 51 50 pair;
.. foct-forra shoes st $2 50: we pay express
V^ charges. 11 3d et.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
ALTER AT'.^N eale— Best J2 50 hf£. $1 5a
Pcpu:** i-T.:>» Hatter. 330 K«arey «t.. near
F:ne; cpen ~o 9 p. in.; Sundays to noon.
K<"'R *a!f JfO. 4 Y---Ft typewriter: jwrfeot con-
dition; only $2-'. B. B. HORR. 3C; Latkin Ft.
EJtlXXXO ark tar fi>h-ng and hunting. i2«>
TJus.h st.. tv.ird floor, room 4.
VIOLIN — Old- flr.t tone; cheap. Box 4546. Call
office.
SOM!" f "cccd-hard sa«o'.lne entries. 1 to
12 K. P.. cheap .E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
FINE etraci first -clats running or-
der. W. V.. SCO Lyon st.. San Franclt o.
fLCJ machines cheap; Chicagoes. Twentieth
Geatatlt*. Pucks. liACIGALCPI. 633 Market.
Z3FKKF nnd safes; 5ee the comple'* line at 1S10
Market, a^ Van Nes«. ItlCHAK^SON BROS.
JtUtPCS — r.'ew'V-'d, second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CyO.. S07 Battery st.
XE>T*ind Keror.-i-har-.a irsachinrry of all kin£s.
KHO^II MNFc;.. CO.. US Market ft.
MOVING riciures, rr.agic lanterns, paie, rental;
\,a:fZ:r.f. ' BuDard & Breck. 131 Post et.
IIILJZE of ilj-e ar.d fittlr.ps: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY fc EONS. 1C3 Vallejo St.
FA ITS— N»w and Fecond-hand. E. B. BECK
* CO.. 122 Market st.
Ail bar=ralns;camp etxjols and chairs; hair.mock\
raetal beds. mattresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Kdison phinographs, records, sur-plies, mcvtng
picture .-¦ ¦• v :.:•-. films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE enzirie*. atitomobtles and launches;
all e:*es. J. E. DOAK. 4« Fremont St.
AKIi for price* rn FeccuiJ-hand typewrltsrs: all
rr.akfs. ALKTXA.VDEK & CO.. 110 Montr 1 *
P MISCELLANEOUS WAATS.
BOOKS s'nd '.ibrartes bo-jght. H. C. HOLMES.
1148 Market tt.. phcr.e Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PiY highest prices for Ell kir.tls of cr.st-off
cloihlng; *end postal. MORRIS. S70 Folscsa.
TILTON wants good eecenfl-hand clothing and
vh.-atrical enojg. 154 »th «t.: tel Jes»!e 2ST.1.
MONEV TO LOAJi^
aaa"herman murphy.
C01-CC2-<Xi;{ Examiner building.
Quick ; no disappointment.
" Savtr expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second ir.crtKF.Kes. undivided lnter-
rfis, tFE'.gnmcnte of rents, property In trust.
rtr.; lrgacie*. life e?tatf« and undivided In-
terest* in propertj' purchased.
.Courteous' treatment. Strictly cocndential.
¦ W);en You Need Money
Pee HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and. pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
emplcver; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL. CREDIT CO.. OS and 69 Donoboe
building. 1170 Market et.
II*"' NET loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
char.ts, t»imst<rs, board!r:g-hou5er. without
eeourity; <*?y payments; larK».vt lousiness in
4ti princfpfel cities. Tclman. 553 Parrott bids.
HIGHLY r<-Fp r ctable private place to obtain
' liberal advances on diain"n<2*. 'ewelry, at 2
p*r cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
WC Market; tel. Main 16i4. Branch. 19 Third.
ETT{I(n"LY CONl'IDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, jjiancs, or to salaried people on their
note; jrojwr treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO . r. 1U. Phtlac bid., tel. Main 704.
• x — 1 per cerst on furniture or plar.o: no remov-
al, no cemmtrflon, no publicity; $23 up; quick,
private. • ¦:. .< : '.»!. 2C Montc-nncry. rm. 7.
I ~~. IZIIZ ' ', '¦ ~
MUNICIPAL IX)AN OFFICE. 103 Crant ave.,
LOANS FiiOM $1 TO »10,0(X».
to loan en low interest; gold, sliver,
diamonds, pearl* And precious stones bought
tt "vT. J. HEKTHAL'S. 10 Sixth «t. .
SfHW easy nicthod — To wage-earners on unln-
dcrr-ed rides; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
'Comr-ajjy, rootrs 4S-43. Chronicle bldg. .
TO salaried people without tt-curity; on furni-
ture; indortcd notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Aecr.cy, 14J Phelan building.
OPE:.' Credit Ase'n. loans on «alarie« confiden-
tially: ner.-.rlinple plan. Room 50. £19 Market.
ALL loans on dinmonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
tro. £. Y. Collateral Loan Eack. r.>; Kearny.
ZWOii furniture tc pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no cflm. V. TREMA1N. room 81. C Eddy tt.
AT lov.est rate* en furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission :lnsta!lments accepted.
BONELLI. .'X)l Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture cr piano. 1CC3 ] Mu-
tual Pavings Bank fcldg.. 703 Market st. ,
STAR Lrar: Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried *mnloye«. BJ 311. Mutual Sav. Bit. bid.
CASH loaned ralarled people on notes without.
Irdonwr. MORELJ^. iJOi Examiner building.
wrsiCAi, rysTni'MEyTs^j^^^
A^H^r^^IAlT^uTTmniT^i'lANO UAlt-
GAINS:
*^3; Emerscn. $«; Flleher, $70;
Xliller. fl75; CUckering. *1C7: Amerlean.
Uti; Heine. $2:tS : Hayaes. $150: £teinw»>-.
J'. 1 -."; SU-in«vay. large Style, $325. ana Dftr
ethers, llcnts. ti up: installment*. $1 up.
HEINEi PIANO CO.. 2.T3-2J7 Geary street;/
<^akliird branch. PifUroth and Iiroadway. old
o. u&g.
WK rent the best piano In the city fcr $3 per
it.'.!,, ve allow elx months' rental and
carts ee '$20) ofT purchase price, thus clvlng
tj-ou * six months' trial of the instrument . for
JJ •-; :• t-. our termm «jid i>rice* cannot be
,/*n---<] In Han Frnr.cUco. j
' eCOTT-'"l*HTA7; «« • VO CT> . Ren.*-.! Tl'tven «•..
WE have a Jew real Jiargams ".eft Irom oar
Crest holiday .eal<*. New and u«td |;!anos at
trnr**<lii\^iy low rrice». Behr IJnthers ahd
y.H 11 n. .¦:. i- are our leaders. Easy payments 1
If you want. The ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC I
COMPANY. ir;j Market u. J
RKAT. KSTATK — CITY — FOR SALE.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wre.ck
the Iarg«ret building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner • Mission and Tenth
sts., office and yard.
$.V»C0 — flCOO cash. $500 In C moa; bal. same. as
rent; 2 flats., Just "compl'd: 15th ave., near
Clement, Rlchmc.nd. H. R. COOPEn.776 Mkt.
CHEAP lot on Oth ave.. 3 blocks from Park;
must be told; make offer; no agents. Call
2119 Point Lvhos ave. -....-
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv A and part lot at 6 per "cent;
MANHATTAN LOAN CO... Crocker building.
LOTS. N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
STOWwasting water; we fix the leaks. AHL-
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. Soli Howard St.
I'OIXT RICHMOXO HEAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
map*, photos, etc. BELL, 417 Parrott bldg.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 32S Bush St., roont
4. third floor.- . . -.
ftEAli I2STAT12-— Country— >For sale.
718 ACPES near Mayfleld. II : miles from San
Jose: 100 acres full bearing -prunes; large
vineyard,; all good land; .water piped every-
where; Immense concrete reservoirs; • fln.e
houses, stables, barns, etc.; fenced in 5 fields;
coet »lG0.00O; price $50,000. THORNE &
• KILPATRICK, 312 Bush Et.^an Francisco.
$35C0— 12 ACRES full bearing orchard. €-room
house, .fruit dryer, barn, 6 chicken houses. 2
brooder- houses. Incubator hcuse with 2 large
incubaArs; 3 miles from town. GEORGE C.
YOUXB. Petaluxna. ..
FOR sale — 15-acre fruit farm; good improve-
n.ents. good location; connected with San
Fraaclsco by rail and electric cars. Call or
address 715 Nineteenth st.. Oakland. Cal.'
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
Icgues sent free. 9. M. WOOSTER CO.. 043
Market tt. ' .
ORCHARD. 10 acres, near Antioch, $1S5O;
bargain; $50O cash, balance easy; buildings
new. MATHEWS, 120 Sutter et., S. F.
A BIG list of all classes of ranches: state
what's wanted and I'll send description*.
N. D. BICKELS. the Land Agent. C Geary.
640 ACRES, Ma.1or.-t County; only $5 "per acre.
B. B. HORR. 303 I^rkln gt. '
BATCHES TO I.ET.
TO rent— 320 acres, for stock or chicken rais-
ing; good barn, house and orchard; running
water. Address or call 117 San Pablo ave.,
Oakland.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. CTDONNELL-^Of flee and residence.
102m Market si., bet. ah and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orleot.
Now. at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
BLOOD, ekin and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor^
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leaven worth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all -diseases Qf human
by .use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONG. 719 Post St.: all disease*
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
earcH cured by Chinese herbs. 74C-S Clay st.
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M'NTS
ESTATE.
$ 24,000— GOOD investment; clubhouse of 10
rooms; 4 flats; all new and now rente-d
for $1SO per month; within 3 blocks of
U. C. grcunds and commanding fine ma-
rine view.
$18.000— Fine business block; 4 stores on first
floor; 10 laree rooms on second floor;
paying 7 per cent on the price a»ke'd.
$10,000— 800 feet on railroad and 500 feet on
water front: fine factory site.
$200 — Lots fine location; ?10 per month. '
$0,250 — House, 8 r. & b. ; south frontage; etreet
-, work done; beautiful yard; 2 blocks of
station. •
$6,000 — 3*4 acres; on Claremont ave.; will sell
as a whol* or in aubdl visions.
$2,000—5 r. & b.; street work doneA >
$C 00— Lots; street work done; 3 blocks of
Dwlght way.
$200 — Good lot; 40x130; on easy terms/
CHENEY & BERRY, P. O. block.
Berkeley, Cal.
IN Berkeley — For sale or rent, furnished, an
8-rocmed house, with lawns, etc.; near cars,
university and schools. Address box 3(586.
Call office.
BEBKELET BOOMS TO X-ET.
THREE large, sunny rooms, two connecting,
bath: board If desired. MRS. BOLAND, 2218
Union St., Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL.. ESTATE.
$175 CASH, $» monthly: *i acre., more or lees,
with a rustic cottage of 3 rooms; chicken-
house, shed. etc. ; nice assortment of full-
beanng fruit trees; fine living spring; city
water In house; 6-foot picket fence, trees and
shrubbery; fine soil: no fogs nor raw winds;
nicely' sheltered; Just the spot for chicken-
raising: price $975 in all; 2 blocks trom elec-
tric car line; 9 minutes' walk to local train,
5. F. ; near 2 flr.e s:hoolhouses and 2 "hurcb.es;
adjoining East Oakland. Call or aend for
circular. 455 Seventh St., opposite Oroadway
station. Oakland: carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES..rOwner.
BARGAIN, $4500; elegant colonial »V^oorn up.
to-date house; 15 minutes' walk •' ¦ 'j<n P. O.;
off Telegraph ave.; lot 33:0x140. '»fil2 Thlr-
ileth st.. Oakland. y>
OAKLAND ROOMS TO /'XT.
MONTANA House. 320 -Eighth «1.;. sunny
suites and single rooms for hoijtkeeplngr
OAKLAND FURNITURE KC& SALES.
TO-MORROW the day for bargalif In furnl-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st..cor.st>j{e. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEI^'ING. .
FOLSOM, 525— Large, sunny, furr'^hed room;
light housekeeping; $1 75 week. %
FOURTH, 225 — Nice suite of roon.4 for house-
keeping; also single. iTiv - ¦¦>;¦'':*
GEARY. 408 — Three nltely furnished sunny
rooms; reference* J
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furnished i&rny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping "privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
OILLF.SPIE, 110 Ninth St.— Suntiy furnished
bfdrooii » and housekeeping, $1 'Ml to $3 25
we<b. Phone Mint ZStil. ¦¦ • ¦
GOLDEN GATE ave, 022 — Sunnyf rmrlor suite
3 rooms; gas range; bath and laundry.
JESSIE, 333 — Very eunny bedroor--, furnished,
neat and clean; $7 month or $1 f ; > week.»
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, VUb Plhe St.,
near Hyde — Sunny 3-room furnished suites;
steam heat; electric -lighted;- 'rce bathsj
rat e« $30 up. ,
MINNA. 353, rear — 2 rooms. nicelSV furnished;
men or women; snap; rent $8. *
MODEL House, 1200 Stockton — NeW^y furnished
rooms, $5-$l 2? cas, bath, phone. - .*•
NATOMA, 2S4. near 4th— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; water; closets; rjnt $9.
POLK. 1020 near Geary— Neatlf furulshld
. front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 84— Large front 5t>om. light
housekeeping; gas atove.s
BUTTER, iwld-Two large rooms for house-
keeplnt: reasonable. " ¦
APASTMENT HOUSES.
¦~"~~' L^ MO^T^LAnT^UP^A^M^NTSr- k#**
Comer Pine ar.d Taylor sts. ; beautiful new
modern apartments; all eunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; mf
rlne view. LYON tc HOAQ. 118 Montgomsry.
• THE GABLES.
Cor. Clay and Lark in sts — Modern 3-4-5- room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premises. 1 to 4; terms rca».
TO lease — Beautiful apartment house; Just
completed; 80 rooms, baths etc.; grand loca-
tion; costly finish; fine business proposition;
rent very low. SHAINWALD BUCKBEE
A CO.. .213-220 Montgomery at. . .
ST. CECIL. 115 Fell st., above Van Ness — The
acme of perfection In modern. eleganUy fur-
nished 3-room apartments: private baths,
steam bent. elec. lights, elevator,* gas ranges.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson rt.— Modern 3-4-3
rooms,, also single: furnished or unfurnlshedi
marine view; now open; reference!.
HADDON HALL. . ! "^
•31 EDDY ST. -^REFERENCES.
Eg MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS — Con.
A FINK lot of second-hand upnghts from $t>0
ur>. including »uch makes as Chickerlng. Vos*.
Krceger. Curtaz. Kirkham. • Pesse. Hardaian.
Marshall & Wendell. Baus and others. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 1G O'Farrell. irt. 'No
branches In San Francisco.
$<-3 — CrtUGHT piano: Black mahogany; nearly
r.cw. HORN»'NG BROS.. 21fl McAllister st.
AL51OST new upright; cheapT cash or Install-
trcnt. PCKM1T7. tc CO.. 16 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedaI Steinway upright piano;
' perfect o «rder: gacriftce. Keefte's.285 O'Farrell.
FOHMKlt, Byron ftlauzy pianos. Ceclltan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR vlolir.f. zither*, old and new. H.
ML'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and brtt in America^The Weekly
Call, lo pages. s«-nt to any address in the
United States or- Canada, one year for $1,
rfl<l.
OFKICKS AXU STOKES TO LET.
TWO large stores and finished basement*- side-
walk elevators; Valencia St.. near Seven-
teenth. For further particuars appy to G.
H. U MBS EX & CO.. 2l> Montgomery Et. -
A— S21K, POLK st.. near O'Farrell; splendid
¦a^re. with 3 nice living rooms; rent $25.
yri-:«"K & CO.. (.07 Market st.
. PEKSOXALS.
BARON'S CLOAK AND., SUIT HOUSE.-
Young ladivs steadily- employed can have
Baron's cloaks, nutts. furs and tailor-made'
sxi'.is to or4«r; on weekly or monthly pay-
ments plan/ut regular marked price*. • Con-
vince yourself by c"a!line on BARON. 762
Market tt.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores tray hatr. Im-
proves Its growth, stops fallirrK. cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
clesr.Ees ecalp; at druggists'. hairSressers; ac-
cept r.o substitute. Star Remedy Co..l338 Polk.
BBADUATES of New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths; face
vibratins machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and edd water; trained nurse* as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 406 Geary.
A-COME and let ovr doctors give you free
examination and advice: you pay for the
r.ie dlr'.ne cr.ly ar.d at the lowest price*. LION
PHARVACY. 1500 MUslcn rt.. cor. 11th.
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto. of
the manufacturers cf -the Rapid Rotary
' Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
A NEW idea In Jewelry and Central American
curies. Indian curtains, draperies, shawls,
etc.; the only store In the city that carries
. 'his. FROWISS & SON. 1230 Polk, nr. Sutter
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
rrar.ently morphine, coertne habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Satter st.; fee moderate.
INFLAMMATORY rheumatism and gout cured
within three days; guaranteed. Call or ad-
drets 11 Vis Folsom rt., San Francisco; tel.
Folscm '.*#. __ ;
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S39 Polk et. ; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no charges;
euaraiiteed. Acme Liquor Cure Cu.. 997 Mar-
ket tt . room 203; phone South 751.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
«rd trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Teller. 721 Market st.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: 50 cents
and up p*r. we A. LEON LEMOS, 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh end Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Saturday, Sun-
day i-vcs., T«-u;or.ia Hall. -Howard st.-. nr.
Oth; Prof. Foster; society, dancing taught.
WHITE — Yes: returned to-day. Send present
address to your BLACK.
M. WILSON h<*s oooght out J. Goodman,
ladies' tailorine. CSO .Geary st.
MASSEUSE v'sl-.es tncagements with ladies
cniy. Phone Capp C238.
Bon Marche Pants Co.; special S5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 A. 16. 40 Ellis. Tel Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country order?. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per -week.
Neuhaus <t Co.. merch.tailors, 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 MarkIL
TAILOR-MADE eult $7 60; dre«j pants $2 50
Ml»flt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFr.EDUM'S|Egyptlan Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; SI: at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
cptned at Km S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
¦ PALMIVl'iiY.
MMS. DEVAS. rcientiflc palmist and astrolo-
gist: palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press, fl; open Tuesday. eve. also. 133 Post st.
MMK. NEERGAARD'S clam In palmistry be-
gbM Dec. 1. 8 p. m. .212 Post St.; terms $10.
H. JEROME FO3ELLI. scientific palmist. 513
TayJcr Ft., near Geary. Phone Black 56L
DIVIDEXP NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — CALIFORNIA SAFE
DEPOSIT A.VU TRUST COMPANY, corner
California and Montgomery sts.. For the
six months ending December 31. 1903, divi-
ficr.-'.s- have been declared on deposits in the
tavings department of this company, as fol-
lows: On term deposits at the rate of
3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
depodts at the rate of 3 per cent per an-
um. free of taxes, and payable on and after
Saturday. January 2. liKM. Dividends un-
called for are addeTl to the principal after
January 1, 1U04. J. DALZELL BROWN.
Manager. ¦ - • . • •¦
OFFICE of the Hlh^rnla Favinss ' and Loan
Society, corner Market. McAllister and Jont-s
itfs. — San' Francisco. December 28. UKKJ.^At
a r.-eular meeting of the" board of directors
of this society, held this day, a dividend has
been declared Mt the rate of three and one-
fourth <3>i) oer cent t>er annum on all de-
posits for the six months ending. D?cember
31, 1903; fr^-e from all taxes and payable on
and after January 2, 1O<M.
ItOBERT J. TOB1N. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Security Savings Bank.
222 Montgomery st. Mills building — For the
. half year endir.«r December 31. 19O.'5, dividends
u;.&n all df-posits at the rate of three and
one-quarter (2H) Ptt cent per annum, freo
of taxe?. will be payable on and after Janu-
ary 2. MC4.
FRED W. RAY, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 7CH Market St.. opposite Third —
For the half-year ending 31st of December,
11403. a dividend has b<en declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
frre of taxr-!«. payable on ard after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 15XU. JOSEPH A. LEON-
AI!D. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION. 532 California et.. corner
Webb. For. the r-.alf ytar ending with the 31st
of December 19C3, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of three and
one-half (3\4) per cent on term deposits
»nd three <3J per cent on ordinary deposit*,
free of taxi:*, payable on and after Saturday,
January 2. 1904. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery St.. corner .Cutter, has de-
clared a dividend for the term ending Decem-
ber 31. IMS. nt the rate of three and one-
quarter <¦;',) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, and payable on and af-
ter -January 2. 1904. •
(Signed) CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society. t26 California St.— Fcr the half
year ending with December 31. 1003. a dlvl-
dond has been declared at the rate of three
and cne-quarter (3Vi) per cent per annum on
all deposits, free of taxes, payable on and af-
ter Saturday. January 2, 1904.
GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary.
THE CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN
ASSOCIATION. 801 California St., San Fran-
cisco. Cal:. has declared a dividend for the
year ending December 31. 1903. of 5 per cent
en ordinary deposits, 6 per cent en term de-
posit:* and 8 per cent to stockholders, free of
taxes. DR. WASHINGTON DODGE, Presi-
dent. WM. CORBIN. Sec. and Gen. Mgr.
DIVIDEND Notice — Mutual Savings Bank of
Ban Francisco. No. 710 Market street — For
the half-year ending December 31, 1903, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of
three and twenty one-hunc!r«dths (0.20) per
c«nt per annum on all deposits., free of taxes
paj-able on and after SATURDAY. January
2. 1904. I GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
A DIVIDEND In liquidation of 8 per cent on
nil «Jer>ci(it« J»a» been declared by the Cali-
fornia Savings and Loan Society, payable
ou and after Saturday. Jan. 2. 1904. at the
office of the society. Mills building, second
lioor, room 28. ?an Francisco. Cal. CHAS.
D. FAHQUHARSON. Secretary.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK— For the half year
ending December 31. 1903. • a dividend has
befn declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth (3'X) |>er cent per annum on deposits,
p*}ab!e on or after Saturday, January 2,
1901. LEON BOCQUEnAZ; Secretary.
THE Humboldt Savings and Loan Society. IS
Geary Ft., has declared a dividend of 3^
per cent ncr annum, on deoosits, free .of
tax-ts. fcr the term ending December 31. 100j.
payable on and after January 2. 1904.
W E. PALMKR,' Cashier. |
DE VALLIN— In .Las Galltnas, December 2S.
1903, William H.. beloved father . ->i Ncljle
and George de Vallln. a native of I>a:jl-
more. Md.. aged 79 years \. months and 27
days. (Baltimore. Md., papers please cjpy.)
. .[QtFrien'io and acquaintances are respect-
fully' Invited to attend the funer.il services
Wednesday, . December 30, at S o'ciocK. at
St. Paul's Episcopal Church, corner of Fourh
apd E street*. San Rafael. Interment pri-
vate. Mount Tamalpals Cemetery.
FANNINGVIn l thls city. December 2S 100-°>.
Margaret, beloved' wife of John Fanning.
and motber of the' late- Thomas. Johnny ni'd
• Mamie Fannlne. a native of County Clare,
Ireland, aged' 58' years. : •'¦ * -
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
y4\Vednesday). at 9 o'clock. . from ¦ her late
residence. NW. corner of Green nn>l Mason
streets, thence to St.' Francis Cndnr-. whew
a solemn requiem mass will K .'celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9:30, o'clock. Interment - Hoiy Cross Ceme-
tery.' . :
GAMBITZ— In thts ,clty,~ December 27, 19<-3.
Regenle. beloved wife of "the late Kady Gam-
bltz, and beloved mother of Albeit K.. Mil-
ton R., Dr. Lee R.; Natalie, Lillian. BlrUie
and Faith Gambits, a native of .?elma. Ala.,
aged 59 years 3 months and 3 day*.
C^ Frtends and acquaintances aru respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-uicrrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from Vr late
residence, 1465 Oak street, betwei-n Lycn
street and. Central avenue. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, via 11:30 a. m. .nUn from
Third and Townsend streeta.
GORDON— In thts city*. December 26, 1903,
Mary A. Gordon, a native of Scotland, aged
73. years. ¦
HERBSTRITT— -In this city, December 27.
James Herbstritt. a native of Baden. Ger-
• many, aged 36 years.
JAMISON— la this city. December 27. 1903.
Wallace T., dearly beloved husband of Mary
E. Jamison, loving father of Myrtle and
Alexandrine Jamison, Mrs. E. Lucitt and
• th« late Helen Jamison., and brother of Ar-
thur de Rutte. a native of Monroe. Mich.
A member of Prosperity Lodge No. 300, A.
O. U. W.. and San Francisco Fire Depart-
ment.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his la it
residence, 1634 Howard street, thence to St.
. Joseph's Ourch, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the reDose or
his soul, commencinsr at -10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. % -
JOSEPH— In this city. December 28, lOO.'J.
Emma Joseph, mother of Albert. Nellie, Fyd-
ney and Ada Joseph. » v natlve of Casuel. Ger-
many, aged 61 year* (New York Ci;y pa-
pers please copy.)
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inrlted to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, at her
• late residence. 2235 Washington street. In-
terment prlva/e.
KEATING— In this' city, December 27, ltO3.
Joseph Keating, dearly belorert =«n of Mrs.
J.'J. Keating, and beloved brother if Jane
and Nora Keating, a -native of New Or-
leans. La., aged 27 yeara
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Wednes'day), at 9 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of J. S. Godeau. .305 Montgomery
avenue, thence to SL Mary's Church, corner
of California and Dupont streets, where .*
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHIEFS and members of Ahwashte Tribe No.
89/ 'I. O. R. M.— You are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late brother. J. J.
Keating, on Wednesday. • at S:3O o clock
s-harp, from the mortuary chapel of Brother
J. S. Gcdeau, 305" Montgomery avenue. Firws
for non-attendance _
THOMAS McKEE. Sacncm.
KELLY— In this city, December 27. 1903.
Elizabeth Kelly, beloved wife of the late
John Kelly, loving mother of Mrs. E. * -el-
lows and -the late Charles and. John Kelly,
and sister o£ Mrs. E. Quigley. a native of
County Donegal. Ireland, aged 72 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1<>:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 207 Vi Langton street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where service will be held
at 10:45 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
McGRATH— In this city, December 27. 11)03.
Annie McGrath. dearry beloved »>uiit of An-
nie and Margaret Carey and the late Wil-
liam Carey, a native of County Westmeath,
Ireland, aged 70 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her la:c
residence, 1S30 Market • street, thence to
St Joseph's Church, where a requiem hlgn
- mass will be celebrated' for the repose oi
her soul, commencing at 11 o'clock, inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. '
MARTIN— In the City and County Hospital,
December 28, 1903, Henry Martin, a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 63 years.
MONAGHAN"— In Oakland. December 27. 1903.
¦Terranct Monochan, a native of Ireland,
aged SO yeara.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 224-221 McAllister
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a aolerr-n requiem mass will be celebratea
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of McGinn Brcs.
NORMAN— In the C'.ty and County Hospital.
December 28, 190:l, Hnyden Norman, a native
of Missouri, aged 32 years.
NOY— In OakUnd. December 28, 1903. Fred
Noy. son of William H. Noy, and brother of
Richard H., Bernard and Lavlnta Noy. a na-
tive of Alameda. aged 21 years.
O'CONNOR— In this city. December 2C. lOOi,
Michael B. • O'Connor, a native of 1 Massa-
chusetts, aged 54 years.
PRICE— Entered into rest. December 28. 1903.
William, beloved husband of the late Sarah
Price, and devoted father of William and
Thomas Price, Mrs. L. F. Hale, Mrs. Charles
F. Daley and the late Mrs. Mary Maher, a
native of England, aged 75 years.
CTTnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), December SO, at 1 o'clock, from
his late residence, 224 Day street, between
Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth. Church- and San-
chez. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. •
RAUBINGER— In thl3 city. December 26. 1903,
Carl, beloved husband of Annie Raublnger,
and brother of Frank E. Raublnger and Mrs.
P. L. White, a native of San Francisco, aged
29 years and 11 months.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2232 Greenwich street. Interment.
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SCHROEDER— In this city, December 27. 1903,
• Wllhelm Schroeder. a native of Germany,
aged 05 years and 18 days.
SOLER— In this city, December 27. 1903, An-
nie, dearly beloved wife of Chris A. Soler,
apd mother of Josephine and George Soler.
and daughtpt* of CandMo and Isabella Mo-
relll. a na^e of Italy, aged 29 years 4
months and' 10 days.
ETFriomls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
. to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at her
,<ate residence. IMS Mason street, thence to
Sts. Peter and Paul's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
OFFICERS and members of Golden Gate Circle
No. 11, U. A. O. D.. are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral of our late Bister, Mrs. Annie
Soler, to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock,
at her late residence, 151S Mason street. By
order of. A. D. MRS. E. HELLMAN, R. S.
WALSH— Entered into rest, December 27. 1903.
¦William G., dearly beloved son of the late
Michael and. Annie Walsh, beloved brother
of Sister Mary Aloyslus, Thomas J. and
Catherine Walsh, and stepson of Mrs. M. A.
Ferguson, a native of San Francisco.
ICTFrionds and relatives are respectfully
. invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mat-a will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at- 1) a. in. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. *
WALSH— In the City and County Hospital.
December 27, 19ft:, Diana Walsh, a native of
England, aged 71 years.
WILLIAMS — In thin city. - December 28. 1903.
Edward. ¦ dearly b*lcved husband of Martha
Williams, devoted father of Charles. Ed-
ward, Harry. Thomas, William. Belle, Mar-
• tha. Frank and Peter Williams and Mrs. C.
. Graham, a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged CO
years.
r7"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from -his late
J residence. 1714 Folsom street, thence to St.
j I Charles BorromeVs Church for services, com.
» mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
. Cemetery. . . *
F. J. MONAHAN. Manager.! Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, 0'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEBS.
2339-2341 Mission St.. near Nineteenth.
" '-. ' San Francisco.
Looking for Escaped Slurderer!
HELENA. Mont,, Dec. 28. — Three
policemen from Calgary, N. W. T.,
are here looking: for young Cashel, the
condemned murderer, who recently
escaped from Jail there. Shortly after
he escaped he was aeen at Lethbrldge,
but- soon disappeared. The officers
have ctriiin located- him and believe
theywjll have" him. hi a short time.
Tlie- date set for. his execution -has
passed, but", that will not save him. as
tho court vacated the original order a
day. or. two after he escaped and" made
another order remanding him to cus-
tody to await execution at a date to be
teed later. : jssrfng
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn.anil tlnfnrn,
AUROKA. ccrnor Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture: every. room outside:
wedern and eunny: Drices from $1 50 per
week up: this is the only up-to-date house In
thin vicinity: nrM-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rocmi
25c to $1 p<?r nlsht, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN, 830 Sutter— Just opened; hand-
fomely fur.; cor. suites; Wath; sun all day;
fine view; single rms.; tourists: excl. location.
ASHWORTH, 320 Mason st.. beft Geary and-
Pcet— Suite and single rooms with or with-
' out private bath: sun in rooms alt day.
AT "The Almonte." 873. Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1, $1 50 night:
' fl 60 to $10 week; house open all night. .-. ¦'
AT the Pieroont. 450 Ellis— Newly furnished
rrris.; elevator;' hot & cold water; transient.
BURNETT, ¦ 1420 Market (old No. 13S4)— Fur-
nished room*, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellli>, corner Mason— Elegantly
fufnuhed* sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
DOLORES, 204 Vi — Two front rooms, furnished
: or. unfurnished. . •
DU> CARP, r>33 • Post— Beautifully furnished
apartments; private baths; strictly first class.
EDDY~210— Elegant back parlor; suitable for
•2 gents or man and wife; light housckeep'g.^
EIGHThT lO 1^— Furnished large sunny bay-
.'window front room. . '
ELLIS 323 (Sovereign)— Newly furnished sun-
• ny- suites; also single; all modern conven-
iences; first- class; homelike; central; refs.
GHAND Southern. 7th and MlssItfT— Rooms 30c ¦
to ?1 CO night: $1 to $3 week;.'.eadlng-room.
HOTEL ST. PAUL. 403 Ellis— A well appoint-
ed, thoroughly modern rooming-house; electric
elevator, bath*, steam heaters, hot and cold
water In every room. ¦ •
LAGUNA-aiid McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room. • *
LARCHMONT, 36! S.utter— Sunny rooma: elec-
tric lights; elevator: central: transient.
MONTGOMERY. 1*31 — Two nicely furnished,
..large, sunny suites, same floor; rent $15 per
menth. ¦ ¦ ' . v •
O'FARRELL, 739— Large. ' handsome, eunny
furnished room; private; gas: bath; phone;
references. . ',*...
POLK. 823 — Best furnished rooms In the city
for the money; single or en suite; everything-
new and plenty of sunshine ; v terms very rea-
sonable; only ten minutes' walk to Powell
and Market sts. ' ' *
POWELL. 317 — Sunny front sutt* for doctor or
dentist: also other furnished ' rooms. ; /
ROYAL House. 12C" Ellis — Incandescent lights,
¦ reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $150; week, 12
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor'; roomw with hot and cold water: baths..
SUTTER, 236^-The Crane — Elegantly furnished
rooms; downtown; suite or single; $10 up:
SU.TTER, C22 — Large sunny .front room; hot
and cold water; private bath.
THE FREMONT. 1S04 MARKET ST.— Strlctrj?
first- class elegantly furn. rooming hotel.
Tel. South 1133. Capt. H. O. Ulberg. Prop.
TURK, 120 — Furnished sunny front room suit-
able for a eentleman; $6 month; no sign.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market-^-400
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water . In every
room; elevator, read.-rcom: free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS. C19 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; freo bus; baggage.
rooms ami board.
a^^^""^hoteiTbaltimpre. -~~~~—
van ness ave.. near geary st %
AMERICAN PLAN, i
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
HUNGER & ZEBERG, PROPRIETORS. /
A HOTEL HATTON.
SE. COR. PINE. AND TAYLOR^
This new and rustic constructed hotel is sit-
uated in the' city's swelleat quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout with all
the very latest conveniences. Is now open for
occupancy; reservations can .now be made on
premises dally. . • .
A THE DRESDEN
SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1442
FULTON, BET. BRODER1CK AND BAKER,
CALIFORNIA. 1246 — Most select location In
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary st. and Van Ness
ave., has changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
NEWPORT71018 Pine, near Taylor— Large sun-
ny room; also Blngle room; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion, 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored Eervice? table specialty.
O'FARRELL, 308— Furnished rooms; home
. cooking; German family; $g per week.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
WOMAN wishes good home with ¦ room and
board to assist In littla housework. . 1722
Market fit., bet. 12 and 2 p. m.-
' RCO31S WASTED. ~~ ~~
WANTED — List of pleasant furnished rooms
and -good board for students. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st. .
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
GIVE her "A White" for! New Years and. she
will sew right all the year. Have you seen
our latest White- Sewing Machine? Auto-
matic lift, chalnstltch, lockstitch and hem-
stitch combination; we rent or sell on eany
payments; we want sewing machine men;
come and have a talk with us; phone Black
HOC. SCO Post st.: 1841 FJllmore st. and 708
Valencia st., S. F.. or phone Brush 551, 470
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.: WHITE SEWINO
MACHINE COMPANY. ¦
SPECIAL NOTICES. . .
THE following children have been admitted to
the Ban Francisco Nursery for Homeless
' Children: Charles E. Fritz, 10 years; Axlnla
Krueger. 7 years, orphans; Michael Negy. 2
Vfarn: Bertha E. Johor.ason. 11 years; Agnes
M. Johonason. 3 years; T>ora Hertz. 8 years;
Gertrude Hertz. 7 years; Gustava Kuehne, 8
months, half orphans.
Ladies! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mall. .Ask your druggist.
Chlcheiter Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. '
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.-~furnTt^ireT
household goods stored, moved, chipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third: phone Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell ets.: tel, Prlve. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ;' phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320- Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main JStO. Shipping at cu* rates.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van' Ness-Market— Cure
ih every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure.
A>D SUI»PLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, *NoT4
Pmlth Premier. $25; other typewriters at
'higher and lower prices; rentals $2 SO. The
; Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st. .* t
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st . . ¦
2D-HAND tyos.wrtters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 60S Market.
'; ~~~ proposals. —~
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington. D. . C. until 12. o'clock noon,
¦January 12, 1904, and publicly opened Imme-
diately thereafter, to furnish at' the navy
yar<!f, Maro Island/ Cal., and Puget Sound,
Wash.,' a quantity of lighting wire, electrical
supplies, - hand scrub brushes, corn . brooms,
molding sand, brick. . flre brick, flre clay,
screws, brass wire, miscellaneous hardware,
wrought- Iron screens, lenses, lacing, and rig-
ging leather. Orecon pine, cedar, oak, sheet
bra*?, pig lead, bar steel, galvanized sheet
steel.- American and Norway /bar Iron, pig
Iron., scrap Iron, magnesia ¦ pipe ..covering,
braes pipe, copper pipe.. Iron pipe, valves,
P"lp4 fittings, special castings, hydrants, gaso-
line; ' rotten stone. >- laundry soap,- safety
matches, cotton waste, foundry facings, elec-
tric deck -winch. -electro-galvanizing plant;
and driving a number of piles. Blank pro*
pogals -will be furnished upon application to
the Navy Pay. Otflcea,. San Francisco, Cal;,'
and Seattle. Wash. . H.'T. B. HARRIS. 1 Pay-
master General. U. S. N- ¦ 12-7-'03. ,
PROPOSALS— Contlnned. ..
PROPOSALS— '' tv "
• - FOR • » , . ¦-..»' ., ..
PAPEJR FOR THE PUBLIC PRINTING
AND BINDING.
SEALED PROPOSALS.will be received until
January' 14, 100-1 at 10:30 o'clock a. m., for
furr.lshins the . PAPER for ¦ the PUBLIC
PRINTING and'BINDING- for the year ending
28th of February, 1CC5, the eaid proposals to be
opened before and the award of contracts to' be
made by the . Joint . Co/nmlttee of Congress on
Public Printing: to the' lowest and beat bidder
for tho interest of tlie Government, the commit-
tee reserving to Itself tho -right to reject any
and all bids, as -Its Judgment of the best Inter-
ests of the Government may dictate. .
Detailed schedules of the description, quan-
tity and quality of the paper required, accom-
panied by .samples and blank •proposals, and
giving the regulations with which bidders must
comply, can b« obtained by addressing F. W.
Palmer. Public Printer. Washington, D. C.
¦ The contracts will.be entered Into for xupply-
Ing such quantities of paper as may. be needed
during the year, and no nv-re. " ;* ¦ .
The estimated quantities set forth In detail In
tre schedule comprise:
00,000 reams machine-finish printing paper,
24x3S.
• 20,000 reams machine-finish printing paper.
. 38 x48. . - • .
- 30,600 reams sized and super r calendered
" . white orjjtlnted printing paper, varl-
" ' ous sizes.
400 reams antique machine-finish printing
paper.
32,600 reams white writing paper, various
sizes and weights.
3.S00 reams colored writing paper, various
sizes and weights.
3,100 reams cover paper, various sues and
¦ -weights. • -
10,000 pounds of best plate paper.
, 250,000 poupde of best map paper.
f-fOp,COO pounds superfine (single and double)
coated, book paper.
5,630 reams manila paper, various sizes jnd
weights. ¦ '¦••..*
154,000 .pounds bond paper.
20,000 pounds artificial " parchment, various
sizes. . -,
4,000 pounds parchment deed, _
10,000 sheets plated bullet patch 16 x 21
Inches. • ._.„„
10.000'aheets high-finish onion skin, 10 x 24
Inches. ' :/ ¦*,
170.000 sheets cardboard, various colors, sizes
and weights. ' 1
3,600,000 sheets brlstol board. Various color*,
1 M ' sizes and weights. . . •
9,100 reams first-class ledger paper, white
or blue, laid or wove.' various slses
and weights. • . / .
9,200 reams second-class ledger paper. white
or blue, laid or wove, various sizes
and weights.
.6,300 reams tissue end copying paprcy
40 reams blotting - paper, any required
¦ color and weight. t
650 reams plaid, marble, comb and lining
paper, various sizes. ¦
820 reams 'typewriter paper, var»ous sizes
and weights.
1.115 reams letter, note and quarto - post
200 reams white. Frencn lolio. 17 x 2i
Inches. • -. .- v .+
2,000 shettft parchment. 15 x 21 Inches.
Proposals will be received for one thousand
reams or more. * ' • .
By illrectlon of the Joint Committee of Con T
gress on Public Printing. F. W. PALMER,
Public Printer.
Washington, D. C- Dec. 17. 1003.
JIarrinffc Licenses.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yC GarfleId C. Harshner. 24, San Jose, and Bell
G. Crosby. 20, San Jose.'
Harry L. Kelloy, 21, Portland, Or., and
Hattle Haslam. 19. Oakdale.
Milton M. Posner, 21. 2431 Washington St.,
and Lily Susman. 18, 2128 Pine street.
Joseph G. Kaelntz. 21. 43 Third etreet. and
May D. Machado»18. Alvarado. ; "•''—_
John R. Doblo. 32. city, and Anna X. Tra-
gesser. 32, Evansville. Ind.
Louis W. Neustadter, 30, 1.01 Van Ness ave-
nue and ftlsa Ehrman, 19, Mission San Jose.
Lester T. OreenwtU, 38, city, and Georgiana
Brown, 30. city.
Gustav A. Smith. 26. 625 Hyde etreet. and
Anna M. Clark. 27. Los Anseles.
Ellis S. Levin. 23, 1123 Lcavenworth street,
and Hattle Brown. 19. fc'0T> Octavia street.
E Oswald Miller, 22. Sacramento, and Ma-
thilde Madsen, 22. Sacramento. • _
Stephen Brenchtnl, 27, Salinas, and Meta D.
Franzoni. 27, «18>£ Greenwich street.
John A. Mathews. 32,. 502 McAllister street,
and Mary A. Cunha, 28, 419 Sutter etreet.
Victor Delcour. 12. 37 r O'Farrell street, and
BeWta C Oodeau. 38. 37 O'Farrell street.
John W. Cluff. 28. Oakland, and Lillian Ken-
nedy, 21, San Jose. ' ¦
•Edward P. Tomklnson, 63, Los Angeles, and
Grace Maynard. 30. city.
Thomas F. Collins, 26, 1710 Washington st.,
and Mary J. Norton, 16, 1315 California st.
Frank Carevlch. 38. 323A Tremont street, and
Lode Ostojlch, 22, 323A Tremont street.
Seth A. Corey. 38, 33 Shipley street, and
Elizabeth M. Hoover. 27, city.
jnmw A. Reid. 21> 324 Shotwell street, and
Sibyl Campbell 18. 553 San Bruno avenue.
Charles G. Bonner, 34, Fresno, and Marie
J. Woltera, 32, Fresno.
' BIRTHS— MARBlAtlES— DEATHS
Birth. marrlaKe and death notices sent bj
mall will not be Inserted. They must, be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the ev-.-tu are published once In this column
free of cliarse.
BORX. . '
BAER— In this city. December 26. 1903. to
the wife of Albert Baer (nee-Cohen), a son.
LEMISCH— In this city, December 25, 1903,
to the wife of M. Lemlsch, a son.
SCOTT— In this city, December 27, 1903.' to
the wife of Shaller M. Scott Jr.. a daughter.
_ MARRIED. 7 ~~
YOUNG— EDDY— In this city* December 26,
liMX; by the Rev. John Stephens, David L.
Young of Omaha. Nebr., and Cora Belle
Eddy of Seattle, Washr
JOSEFAT— WICHT— In thla city, December 25,
1903 by the Rev. F. A.:Keast,. Julius Josefat
ami ' Lillian Wicht, both of Skyland, Santa
Cnfe County. Cal. ¦ • '
"~~ ~ DUED.
Armstrong, Ellen. Keating, Joseph
Barr Evelyn Ruth .. Kelly, Elizabeth..
Bowley, Juliet G. , • McGrath. Annie
Carroll, Delma . Martin. Henry
Clark Ellen Monaghan. Terrance
Cleary, Lucle C. Norman. Hayden
Condon, James Noy,. Fred
Corcoran, Patrick .O'Connor, Michael B.
De Vallln, W. H. • Price, William
Fanning, Margaret Raubinger, Carl >
Gambltz, Regenle Schroeder. Wllhelm
Gordon, Mary A. Soler. Annie
Herbstrltt Jarrws . Walsh, William G: •
Jamison, Wallace T. Walsh, Diana
Joseph, Emma Williams. Edward •
•ARMSTRONG— In thla city. December 28,
19C3 Ellen, beloved daughter of Lendrum
and Mary Armstrong, and slater of Elizabeth,
Mary and Alfred Armstrong, a native of
San Francisco, aged 8 months and 2S'days.
BARR— In. Oakland, December 27. 1903. Ev«-
lvn Ruth Barr, dearly beloved daughter St
Daniel J. and Evelyn Barr, and sister of
Milton Bar>, a native of Oakland, a*ed 2
years 0 monfhs and 23 days. _»— —
([^•Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tu. attend the funeral Tuesday,
December 21). 1903, at 2 o'clock, from tHe
* parents' residence. 711% Sixth street, near
Castro. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
Oakland.
BOWLEY — In this city. December 28, 1903,
Juliet G., beloved wife of the late Jesso D.
Bowley. and mother of the Into Captalu F.
S. Bowley, a native of Massachusetts, aged
80 years 5. months and 25 days. ¦
CARROLL—In this city, December 26, 1903,
Delma Carroll, beloved . wjfe of James J.
Carroll, mother of Harry Carroll, and sister
of Mrs. J. W. Nicholson, Mr*. -T. Fields and
•Henry Lacrolx, a native of Canada, aged 23
years 11 months and 4 days.
. ICTFrlcnds nnd'acquaintanre* are respect
fully Invited to attend' the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1331 Howard street, thence to Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets to electric car
at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. . . % •. -
CLARK— In this city, December 28, at the r___U
dence, 2835 Twenty-second street, Ellen, .\%Jre
of the* late Andrew Clark, and sister of the
late Mary Murray of Oakland, a native of
County Cavan. Ireland, aged 70 years. ; ,
CLEAKY— In this city. December 28.' 1903.
Lucle • Cecelia, beloved daughter of Thomas
and the late Ann Cleary, a native. of San
Francisco. • , : ".-• ' . ¦* .
. icy Friends ami ¦acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-.
; day, December 30. at 9 o'clock, from ¦" her
late residence. No. 710. Octavia street, thence
to Sacred - Heart Church, Flllmore" and Fell
streets, where a requiem high mars will be
celebrated tot the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private.
CONDON — In this city. December 24. 1900.
James, beloved husband of Hariora -Condon,
and fatberof John. Nellie and Catharine
Condon, and Mrs.' R. P. Rossen and Mrs.
W. H.' Spencer,- a native of New,. York. '• *..«»
CT'Interment will take place to-day (Tues-
day), at 2 o'clock, at Holy Cross Cemetery.
CORCORAN— In this city. December 27. l»03,
Patrick; beloved husbapd of Margaret Cor-
coran, and father of Thomas F. Corcoran, a
native of County Kilkenny.- Ireland, aged 68
years.- A "member, of. Golden Gate '"Lodge,
Plasterers', Local Np. : 60. O. P. LA. ' r .
E7"Fflends v and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited . to . attend the • funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at J2:30 o'clock, frcmthe parlors
of, McFadden, McBrearty &• Green, 1171 Mis-
sion etreet, '. between ; Seventh and .Eighth.
.• thence to St. Joseph's Church, "where, services
¦will be held at 1 ; o'clock.' Interment Holy
..Cross Cemetery.
pUCE Y0U3 0ft;E-i3 EARLY j
|"P» 2 Oth-OENTURY|
Another shipment will '
arrive a tout January 21,
100*. '.
In order to satisfy the
demand for this premium
we have ordered another
carload of these books,
• and all persona sending to ?
The Cook Book Depart- \
ment of this paper a six
months" subscription to
The Dally and Sunday ~
Call may secure one of the
Twentieth Century Cook ¦
Books, at the premium
rate of 50e. J
• \
I , Out-oMcwn subscribers should remit \
20c tddiiiinal io prepay iransportaiian jj
j charges. * J
OCEAN TBAVZL.
yfiZ/r. r"^ Steamers leave Saa Fraa-
/^VJ^"^?*^ el*co' as follows:
f£r X»l\ For Ketchllian. 'Wrangsl-
Kt/^SQto Juneau. Iiair.es. Skesuay.
I vH[Wa \ \ etc., Alaska — 11 a. m.. D«c.
V \wtfS*k/ / 17 - 22, '-'. Jan. 2. Changa
\tf\ \\ yet/ to company's steamers ; at
NONO' Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
r p or t Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. ; m.. Dec. IT.
V* 27 Jan 2. Chanc» at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. it. Tly.: at
Seattle or' Taconis, to N. P. Ry.i ** VaacouTer
to C. P. Railway. 1| , _,.
For Kureka (Humboldt Bsy>— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Dec. 18. 24. 30. Jan. 5: Corona. 1:30 p-
m , Dec 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Loe Angel** (Tla Port Los Anscles and
Redondo). San Dieto and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. » a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 3 a. m. ~
For Los An*ele» (via San Pedro and East
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. Sun Simeon. Cayucos. Port lUrford (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Huenema. _ ¦
Cocs Bay, 9 a. m.. Decs 19. 27. Jan. «Q-
Eonita. a a. m.. Dec. 23. 31. Jan. 8. _ ••
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. _ Ru-
calia. Guayma* (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Ttb of each
month. '..,.•
For further Information obtain folder.
Right !¦ reserved to change steamers or sail-
"tICSET OITICES — 4 Ne?r Montgom-
ery street (Palac* Hotel). 10 Market street aa4
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C D DUNANN. General Pa^sentrer Agent.
10 Market street San Francisco.
AMXEICA3T UJTE. '
Plymouth — Clierboury — Southampton.
-Frora New York Saturdays at »:Cl> a. m.
St Louis Jan. » St. Pau! Jan. S3
New York Jan. lti. Philadelphia ...Jan, »O
SPECIAL NOTICE.
After January 1. 1304. American Line steam-
ers from New York for Southampton will call
at Plymouth, and OierbourK to land malls ana
passengers for Lcndon ar.d Paris.
ATIiASTTXC TBAHSPOST X.IWB.
Kew York — London Direct.
Mesaba-. .Jan. 9. 0 air»|Min'fka.Jan. 2o. 9 am
M'n'minee.Jan. 1«.O anil Min' polls. Jan. SO, » pnl
Only First-cla«s Passengers Carried.
DOMINIOK T^IHE.
Portland— Liverpool— Short sea passage.
Dominion Jan. 2T.I Dominion Fen. 27
Canada Feb. 6! Canada Mar. 12
B2Z> STAE LII7X:.
' VevT York — Antwerp — Parl»:
Zed' <i. Jan !>. 10:;a>. amiZeel'tl.Jan.2.5. 10:..c> am
Krnrd.Jan.li;. 1O::JO amiFlnl'iI.Jan.^n. iu::;t> am
WHITS STAB LINE.
2few York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays anil Fridays.
MaieKtlc.Jan. *?, 10 am Odric Jan. 27. noon
Celtic Jan. IS, - pmMajestlc.Feb. .'t. lf> am
Teutonic.Jan. 20, 10 am Oceanic. .Feb. 10. 1 pm
Boston — Queenstown — Llveroool.
Cymric Jan. 21. Feb. IS. Mar. 17
Cretic- Feb. •». Mar. .:. Mnir. 31
BOSTOK MEDnrEKRAJTEAlT SU'E.vlCti.
Azores, Gibraltar, Naples, Qcnoa.
ROMANIC Jan. lti. Feb. 27. Apl 9
CANOPIC Jan. 3<\ Mar. 12
REPUBLIC fnew) Feb. 1.5. Mar. 28
C. D. TAYLOR. Pasaeneer Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Posset..' San Francisco.
J^aCu?£»S. MARSEILLES." GiAi'oV^ I
L& NAPLE.S 8r ALEXANDRIA. ECYPJ.Jpj
ROMANIC. Jan. 18. Feb. 27. Apl. 8
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 12
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13, Mar. 28
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest 'In Medi-
terranean service, ¦¦ • - ' ,
First class, $«i5 upward.
Boston to Liverpool
CYMRIC ...Jan.' 21. Feb. 18.- Mar. 17
CRETIC. A Feb. 4. Mar. 3. Mar* 31
First class, ?63 upward. For plans, etc.,
address • • .
1VHFTE STAR LINE. 77-«l State «t..
Boston, or C. D. TAYLOH. 21 Post st. '
O//?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" aslU Dee 29. Jan. 8. 13. ZK
F«b. 7. 17 and 27: "GeorK© W.. Elder" sails
Dec 2* Jan. 3. 13. 23. Feb. 2. 12 and 22.
Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR. and
short rail line, from Portland to all points
East. Through tickets to all points, all rail
or steamship and rail, at LOWEST RATES.
Steamer tickets Include bertto and meals.
Steamer rnUs foot of Spear st.. at II ». m. 3.
F. BOOTH. Gen. Ajrt Pass Dept.. 1 Movt-
gomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Aex Frcljht
Dept. 3 Montgomery st- . ,> r ' ¦ ¦ ¦ •¦
TOYO KISEN XAISHA,
< ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leavo wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hloffo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, e tc. * H»
carco received on board en day of satUrnr.
S S. NIPPON' MARU (calllnsr at Manila)
...Wednesday. December 20. 1903
6. 6 AMERICA MARU.;
Monday January 23 \ 1904
S. S HOXOKONG MARU
Wednesday. Februa»y 17. 19O«
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For frelrht and passage -apply »t Cora-
Dany's office. 451 Market street, corner First.
. W. H. A\*ERT. General Asent.
S. S SIERRA, for Honolulu, &amoa. Auck-
land »r.d Sydney. Thursday. Dec. "SI. 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Jan. 0. 190*.
11 a. m. '
8. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu./ Jan. 0. 190*.
Wait8Sa.3Ji CartattL.fkfU. 7.PiaflcSt
C0KPAG51E 6E2IE3ALS TSAHSATLAKTmri.
DIIIECT LINE TO HAVP.rT-PARig. j jp_»».
Sailing every Thursday Instead nr ¦*rZ\££x*l
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pi«r 42. '-»- t -^^»
North River, foot of Morton street. |
First clasa to Ilayre. $7!7 and upward. Sec-
ond clasa to Havre. »45 ar.rt upward. GEN-
EHAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA; .22 Broadway illurlaon 'BuIHinf).
New York.. J. F. FCGAZJ & CO., Pacinc Coast
Apents 5 Mor.tscmery avenu*. San Prar.cisco.
Tickets «>hl ty all Railroad Ticket Affents.
! ¦
Mare Iilr.^a asd Vallolo Steasxers.
I ¦ . ..- '¦¦'.'' ' : • ""• ~~"
i Steamer GEN. FR1SBIE or MONTICELLO—
j-45a.ni.. 3:15 anJ S:^0 p. m.. except Sunday.
' Sunday. 9:45 a m.. «:30 p. m. Leave VsHejo.'
7 a. ra.. 12:S0 and 6 p. in..' ex. Vuntlay. Sun-.
' day. 7 a. ra. 4:13 p.* in. Fare. 30 cents T«L
Main 13CS. S'icx 2. Miss'ac-st, ilocJk HATCH
BKO3.John David ;yid James Brady were
riding In h cart yostertJay whenit col
lided with a car. throwing both to the
ground and injuring them badly.
ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough Rajeam the mfe.
ecre. cuaracteed cur*. £5c. Me. Druggists. •
1'oot Crushed by Car.
James MrAulIff's left foot was badly
crushed yesterday by the wheels of a
McAllister-street car.
Eone very cxi-ell weddisc invitations com*
from Kao-wlts. 2i Second street. Main 593. •
Artor* «r.d fciturers must prevent tore throats.
Tfc*r h»v« u«>d PIso's Cure 40 y*ars. •
Doiiblc Fracture of Lee.
O. Johnson of 355 Berry .street was
loading lumber on a wagon yestcrdav,
v.hen a portion of it. fell on him,
breaking one of his legs In two places.
MurJne Eye Remedy. A home cure for
Eye troubles. Xever fails to -win friends.
Used for infant and adult. Murine
doesn't smart. Druggists and opticians.*
Professor Jenkins mad£ a strenuous
minority report. He is of the opinion
that a man attending a university has
enough to do to keep up with his stud
ies without taking a course in peda
gogy on the side. As a remedy he .sug
gested that would-be instructors, after
having completed their collegiate
course, be apprenticed to some compe
tent instructor. He did not consider.it
any more proper that- a man should be
accredited to teach* in the high school
merely because he had taken the pre-
'; The annual session of the Council of
Education, which is being held in con
nection, with the f Teachers' Institute,
opened at the Mission* High School yes
terday morning. } Reports of' various
committees. . appointed at • the last ses
sion, were heard, but action in' most
cases "was* deferred until . to-morrow
morning. The reports were as a rule
oral,,and many well-known educators,
whose names did not appear upon th<;
regular programme, were called- upon,
to give .their opinions.' As oral major
ity-and minority reports were presem
ed in many instances, the meeting was^
practically an open forum, where mat
ters of interest to all were freely ii*-*
cussed. "'¦' . 1*.
The report of the committee upon
preparation of teachers by universitijs
for the work of the public schools oc
casioned the chief discussion of the
morning.
ers at Mission HIrIi Schol.
Topics of Interest Discussed by Teach-
COUNCIL OF EDUCATION*.
Judgment for defendant was rendered
by Judge SIoks yesterday in the suit of
Elizabeth Trask Rivers against Attor
ney H. AL Massey. The suit was to
set aside an assignment to Massey by
Mrs. Rivers of her one-third interest
in the estate of the late Martha Trask.
Fhe claimed that it vras fraudulently
obtained. As she did not appear to
prosecute her action, her default was
entered and judgment rendered In fa
vor of Massey.
Mrs. Rivers Loses Suit.
Are not to be compared to our new pat
ent-back, flat-openinf? blank books, which
cost no more than the old style and are
infinitely better. We are agents for
Bf rkFhire typewriter papers and ribbons*.
IVgal pr-ncils and headr-uartcrs for all
office supplies. Let us fit you up for the
.iew year. Sanboni, Vail & Co.. 741 Mar
ket street. •
The Old Humpback*
the Board of Education and of the
local School Department. While tho
reception was an informal one, many
of the fair pedagogues wore evening
gowns.
During the evening light refresh
ments were served and talented musi
cians and vocalists entertained the
guests. Amonjr those who sang were
Mrs. Cecil W. Mark. Deputy Superin
tendent A. A. McCurda. Robert Lloyd
and Miss Estello Carpenter.
The guests were received by tne fol
lowing committees:
Superintendent W. H. I-^ngrlon and Mrs. An-.
n!e Lang-Ion. Deputy Superintendent A. J/J
Macunla k n«i Mrs. Macur.la. Deputy Sup?rtr.<^
tondent W n Howard and Mrs. Howard. Dep
uty Superintendent T. U Ileaton. Deputy Su
perintendent L. M. Shelley. Tresident Thomas
p Woodward and Mrs.. Woodward. Director t>
ri] W Mark ami Mrs. Mark. Director AlfrcU
Koncovieri rad Mrs. Hom-ovier!. Director Law
rence F. Walsh and Mrs. Walsh. JIr<. S>. .1.
Mann. Lucy K. Adams. KathTine M. Ball,
F.lizaboth F. Hartl^tt. Josie I.. Blum. Kate K.
ISrOgan. Estelle Carpenfr. Amy T. Campbell.
Ilot«? I Camssa; E. S. Code. M. M. Cox.
Kate 1J. Crowler. Marie -l'Erlach. M. A.
IVane Margaret M. I'owling. Josephine Dow
ney. M. J. Doyle. M. Klliot. Virginia English.
N*V Eib. IJichar.i 1>. Faulkner. II. Featherly.
M. M. Fit! Ge-Okld. N. T. Foley. Mae U Fol
som. fora Oallajsher. Lillian M. ('.ambit;-. An
nie E Oavigan. J. II. rtlllesple. Kmma Haas.
Annie M. Hag.irty. Fauline Hart. Anna Har
ney Virginia V. Heath. J. 1!. Hindu, Aimee
Hlrstel. F.lizabeth T. Holme:*,, Esflle Housrh
ton. Nellie A. Jacobs, S. I>. Jenkins. Arthur
L. Jordan. K. E. Kelly, Eugenie Lacost<\ reli»
Lewlaon. Frances H. Lewis. L. I^ouderbark.
M. B Ludlow. Ivlith II. Lyon. Albert Lyscr.
A. H. MacIV.nald. Mary Magner. Walter K.
Magee. Margaret K. Mapruir*. J. A. Michel
sun. Lulu V. Morgan. Susie S. Morrison.
We trust that you will come to Know In your
contact with them the large- educational work*
v.e have get out to perform^ .-.- We * need your
sympathy, your help and : cuppoU in making
this great Western metropolis at the. gateway
of the Pacific peas a great educational center
Worthy to he the center of growing and vig
orous culture that we call Western.. 'And so
this . welcoming upon our part Is full' of «lg
jilficance for us and we hope In time to make
it so for you. You have turned your eyrs to
San Francisco as the Mecca for this year"s
knowledge and inspiration. We welcome you
more than for this hour, this day this week.
We truf t that as your greatest city you will
turn to us in the years to -come and find the
same help and inspiration that you will get
during the. coming session. (Applause.)
Ohc<? more on behalf of the teachers of Saji
Francisco I say a hundred .thousand welcomes.
For this year at least the session of the Cali
fornia, Teachers' Association and the Institute
of San Francisco's teachers Is one. In welcom
ing you to this Joint session may we not ex
press the hope that this co-operation may con
tinue to exist through years and that a great
city and a great State may be both co-opera-
NEED OF SYMPATHY.
And right here I wteh to extend a special
welcome to those of you 'that' are ambitious
for a place of service in a great city school
Fystem. Each year we add to our teaching 1
force through nvrit determined by competi
tive examinations some thirty or forty teach
ers. We want the most successful teachers of
experience that we can find. In return we of
fer you life tenure, a plate jirotected from in
trrfcrrnce of personal or party politics. You 4
will find in our' ranks many whom you have
known In some distant school, for already we
have drawn much outside strength Into our
ranks. ¦ . f',"i ' ¦ -/
We have searched our cwn ranks and those
of the other teaching forces of the State to
find sane, practical, scholarly leaders to.super
vice plck'd teaching talent. We have sent
these leaders abroad, gome near, some far, that
the b p st Ideals and systems of other school
systems West and East might, be brought
home to our teachers. \Vr are now ready to
achieve our educat'onal destines. Sten by
Ftep we shall organize a system that -may yet
be the strongest we know, j Already we are
committed to the belief that great schools aro
to be made up only of strong men and women.
The classroom force Im after all the main force.
There nerds to be superintendents, deputies,
principals and special .teachers, 'but these are
all subordinate to the service of teaching th?
child and with us shall not b« permitted to
crowd out the personality, and the dignity of
the teachers who teach. System and super
vision we shall" have in necessary power, w but
more than these, wo shall aim to have strong
teafhers.
SEARCH FOR LEADERS.
Teachers ot the State of California: The
educational people of San Francisco welcome
the teachers ot our great State. It Is with
no ptrfunctory gladnevs that we say a hun
dred thousand welcome?, fur this is an occa
fcion wh«-n you lirinc to us the best thought
and inspiiation lrum every city and town in
our commonwealth. Time was when watch
ing from our hilltops the richly ' freighted ar
goFics of commerce nail out ui>on the Western
tifAf- to the Orient and the world we sajd.
••This is a sreat city." Now as we see as
never before the wealth of theee Western
slopes pouring from Its sources in hill and val
ley" to our piers we say. "This Is a Rreat city
arid this is a creat State." We realise at
once cur dependence upon you and our respon
sibility to you in mature of education and cul
ture as well as in matters of industry and
trade. The resiionsibility of educational lead
ership that falls to the metropolis of a great
State we accept. The responsibility ot co
operation and support we ask you to assume.
Jn return under the ?i>l"ndid opportunities of
the organization and. the wealth of a great
city we shall repay with a record of educa
tional accomplishments that shall be a rich
service to education and the State as w*>ll as
an inspiration and a help to you.-- The new
San Francisco has becun to be, In matters of
education as in everything else. Those of
yo^i that have watched us during the past few
years cannot have failed to H*e that we have
put on our new civic robes. Already we have
won the better educational conditions upon
v.hich a great school system is built. We have
voted three and one-half million dollars' worth
of bonds for bett^f-mateiia! school equipment.
We have civen our children teachers chosen
by merit alone, determined throush civic serv
ice examinations that Invite tho ablest and best
teaching fervice of the entire State, and once
elected, we have protected them from political
domination and intrijrue by- elvinir them. life
tenure during good and efficient serrlce, " the
only cure we could find for evils that blocked
projjress.
WELCOMES TEACHERS.
Every seat was occupied when Wil
liam H. Langdon, the popular Super
intendent of Common Schools of the
city and county of San Francisco, called
the convention to order. His address
was a formal welcome to the visiting
teachers on behalf o-f the local School
Department. It was a vigorous speech
and was listened to with deep interest by
the big as-emblage. In part he spoke
as follows:
Schoolteachers from every county in
this State crowded the Alhambra The
ater yesterday in response to the call
for the annual institute of the San
Francisco city and county teachers and
the California Teachers' Association.
The latest in winter «o\vns and milli
nery was displayed by the- fair peda
gogues. The fair sex predominated at
the gathering.
Members of the local School Depart
ment tendered a reception to the visit
ing teachers last evening in the maple
and marble rooms of the Palace Hotel.
The two rooms were brilliantly lighted
and decorated for the occasion. The
guests were received by members of
Vi«itins Peilnenjrucs Gneats of Honor
at Function in Palace Hotel.
RECEPTION* TO TEACHERS.
C. H. Xeilsen reported for the com
mittee on "What Will Be Done With
the Teachers' Institute?" He state;!
that owing to lack of time it had been
found impossible to obtain a consensus
of opinion of members of the committee
and asked for further time. A commit
tee of five will accordingly be appoint
ed to report back next year.
The report of the committee on tho
preparation of teachers for State nor
mal schools for the work of public
schools, which was first on the list, will
not be ready until to-morrow morning
and in its place Superintendent J. W.
McClymonds of Alameda County gave
an interesting address on "The System
in Use in California Cities for Promo:
ing Pupils."
The rooms in the Mission High School
are very tastily decorated, particularly
the gymnasium, in which is a special
display of the work of students in the
Polytechnic and oth^r schools.
Professor E. P. Cubberley, while rep
resenting the majority, agreed with
Professor Jenkins on many of the sal
ient points. He disagreed, howevir,
with Professor Jenkins on the point
that members of the faculties of uni
versities might be adjudged competent
to select certain men as instructors in
specifie.d branches.
scribed collegiate course than that he
should be permitted to practice law or
medicine under the same conditions.
"Tho ; true* t«»st of friendship Is that
we feel that the friend is truly another
self; that we prefer the other, the
friend to the self.- There is no test for
love except of the complete preference
of '¦ the other to self. -So the feeling of
kin is everywhere. The world's history
is written in the growth of the feeling
of kinship."
The speaker then illustrated at length
by story, precept *.nd . example how
human beings have a feeling of kin to
dumb^animals. to flowers and to each
other. His address abounded in quaint
anecdote, poetry and. wit, and was
greatly enjoyed. It was the- first ad
dress of its kind., and the teachers are
counting on the, other. addresses to be
up to its standard.*: ""
; Another session will be held this aft
ernoon. Mr. Tompkins is scheduled to
speak again and he is assured of a
pleasant reception, because he has won
the hearts of the school teachers of this
State." The. association will hold a busi
ness-meeting and elect officers for the
ensuing year. - -
When President Erlowine had con
cluded fifty bors from the Clement
Grammar School, ranging in age from
7 to 10 years and taught by Miss Nelly
F. Sullivan and AJiss Esther Simms,
sang wonderfully well together. Their
voices blended beautifully and their
singing was appreciated. Miss Carpen
ter led the youngsters. The first song
sung was "The Star-Spangled Banner.'"
As the youthful voices rendered the
national anthem every person in the
hall rose and remained standing until
the patriotic melody was 'concluded.
The youths also rendered "Believe Me
if All Those Endearing* Young Charms."
by Moore, and English's "Drink to Me
Only With Thine Eyes."
Arnold Tompkins. president of the
Chicago Normal School, was introduced
and. delivered a splendid, address on
"Altruism as a Law of Education." It
was a diversiljed talk and aroused a
great deal of enthusiasm. Mr. Tomp
kins discussed marriage, language, bot
any, arithmetic, reading and, writing.
The speaker's facetious remarks, deliv
ered dryly, created a great deal of
laughter. .
"True altruism," he said, "is found
in the term motherhood. A mother
does "forget herself in the child.
This is not fiction or poetry, it is. a
reality. There is no hardship too great
for a to. endure for her child.
Motherhood is a great word, because it
is an idealization of altruism.
it was with the fear that T would find the
labors somewhat Irksonle, but I am p"(eas»ed t<j
state that such has not been the case; will-
Ing hands to assist were extended from every
direction, and with' their assistance the work
has not been only easy but pleasant. - .
And now we hope and beljeve that we have
prepared a programme to present that will
prove second to none in the history of this
association.
In concluding my remarks . I - will r say that
.when I accepted the honorable position as
president of this association,- one year* ago.
Such a reduction would Increase tho trtfvel
to our meetincs to such an extent that - tho
Tallroads would ' receive more for fares . than
they do at present rates;' therefore* I do not
consider that such a request would be unrea
sonable. • , , , . ¦ .". r. . . . '
• There seems to be some good reason to be
lieve that many teachers lack-In their* ability
to do the very -beat work for the schools be
cause they are too local In their personal observ
ations and personal knowledge of what ' the
world affords and of what Is going on out
t»!de of a very small circle extending but little
beyond the schoolroom and the horn*:, .' j
In most 'cases, however, this is not the fault
of „ *uch teachers, but is the result of affairs
beyond thetr * control. The salaries they > re
ceive, are but little «mor*- than -sufficient • to
support them with the absolute ' necessities o!
lite; and It matters not-how strong their de
sires may, be to acquaint themselves ¦ person
ally » with the educational and other features
of our State. It is* beyond thei* power to do t,o.
:I have been informed that the schoolteachers
of one of-our States, feeling -.th* .necessity; of
this opportunity to Improve themselves .and
become better prepared for the work- of teach
ing, have '. obtained a very liberal - reduction
In railroad 'fares to travel at any time to any
part of that State. '. ¦"¦•.''"
¦Such a privilege, to l the * schoolteachers of
any State i would mean ;. much, to .the. benefit
<Tf »the ¦ schools • of • that ¦ State. ' It ' would give
to ..them >a I much : broader field in ' which . to
become personally acquainted with the manage-'
merit, methods, and results In. the work: of^ the
schools. "Not only would they profit' by observ,
ing • the work.' al the schools, but also by- be
coming acquainted with all the other features
and. affairs. at., their --State, - of - which,- -in- my
opinion. ; every schoolteacher should have seme
personal -knowledge. . -: • . :
After, a. tour of t Imitations and inspections
of this kind such teacher* would return to
their schoolrooms Inspired with- new life, .new
thought.-- new methods, "and in . many .ways
better prepared for their work.
.As a step-in this direction I would recom
mend, that the executive committee of this as
sociation, bf requested to ' do all in - its -power
to -*ecure . from the railroads a one cent per
milu fare to the teachers of' this State to at
tend tho annual meetings of this association.
Should such a fare be obtained, I am satis
fied that there would he. five time* the num
bet attend these meetings that are attending
them now. This would give our associa
tion the means , to supply the ways to make
these annual meetings great educational feasts
that would be within the reach of every teach
er in this State. - .
The, people of " California have 'always '¦ been
fairly generous In the support of our •common
schools, and have, a right to expect much of
them, but not the. very best without a more
liberal .support, , ,¦¦ ,
PEOPLE ARE GENEROUS.
The character and ability of the men and
women who will be called upon to manage
the affairs of this country In the near future
depend largely upon, the schoolteachers of to
day. Therefore it becomes our duty to, strive
by, all possible means to raise the standard
of our proficiency to the very highest degree
possible. • . . . . .
The highest proficiency In the art of teaching
cannot be obtained in a few years of prepara
tion or a few years of experience in .teaching:
it is necessary as well that one should keep in
touch with th9 many sources of valuable in
formation tha,t are continually being developed
along the lines of progress. There Is no time
when we can afford to sit down .and fold our
firma with the thought that "we have acquired
all the knowledge and skill that is necessary
for the great work that Is before us. ¦ - .
'•. After all. In connection jvith the work of our
common >chools, do we not find that as the
teacher is so Is the school?
. It .matters not so 'much* what the'eourse of
study may be, what the textbooks may be,
what the principal or superintendent may be;
if the teacher is good the school Is good, if
the teacher is bad the school Is bad. .
Perhaps by far the most valuable service
that can he rendered to our schools is,' that by
boards of* education and boards-of trustees in
electing good. ' competent teachers and- paying
sufflcitht salaries 'to retain them in the work
To knowingly elect an Incompetent or Indif
ferent teacher to whom a class of helpless, in
nocent children are year after -year assigned
and whose welfare suffers thereby can hardly
be considered le.«s than a crime.
The teachers fresh from the normal school or
the university can often profit by this sort of
information as well as the teacher of less op
portunities from the rural districts. ' •
Some of the most valuable knowledge we gain
is from those who Beldom If ever appear before
our meetings as Instructors, but are generously
distributing among the members valuable In
formation, gathered from the fields of their la
bors, which Is often far reaching In its effect
for good.
Teachers' county Institutes, district and State
meetings are. in my opinion, very valuable in
many ways to those engaged In the work of our
common schools. They bring about that sort of
information to the main body of teachers that
could hardly be obtained In any other way.
While these Is much to be learned at these
meetings from set lectures and the presenta
tion of special methods, there is also much In.
formation gained from the conversations pnd
discuwions that are continually going on anrong
the members. »
Its objects are to Improve the educational In
terest c-f the Stale by assisting those who are
engaged In the work to become more proficient,
and to give efficiency to our school system by
encouraging needed legislation.
ciation, and we believe that we have many rea
sons to feel proud of the work it has accom
plished during its entire existence.
The membership of this association is com
posed of those who are engaged In the work of
the public and private schools of this State and
others who are especially interested in the
cause of education.
Fellow Teachers. Ladies and Gentlemen:. To
day marks the opening of the thirty-seventh an.
nual meeting of the California Teachers' Asso-
O. W. Erlewlne,* Superintendent of
City Schools, Sacramento, and presi
dent of the California Teachers' Asso
ciation, was ; handed the gavel by Mr.
Langdon, and immediately, he availed
himself of the opportunity to express
the thanks of the association for'-.the
courtesies extended its;' officers and
members. He b poke as follows: 7
PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS.
Some one has said that the hand that 1 rocks
the cradle rules the world. .*I believe, that- if
we, . have control of the education of, the youth
of 'our country we need not fear who govern
its destinies. As I said before, we must have
the bent material and then I believe 'that laws
fhould be framed a^. to make It-compul
sory for parents 'to' send- 'their children , to
school uu to the time /they are, -16 ' yearn of
a£. AVe make laws for the protection; of -the
\flTak against the: aggressions of the ' strong,
and we make laws for the apprehension and
punishment of criminals, but' there is an -old
saying that an ounce of Is: worth
a pound of cure, and the greatest prevention
to crime Is education. I believe that;on*qur
public sehool'syste-m— on the standard that we
make for It— will depend the. future '..welfare
of our country and the : citizens* of .SaniFran
ctseo recognize how near you' come to -.them,
recognize that you have, control of their-chil
dren more hours In the day than they them
selves, recognize the great work | you •• are
doing, and therefore and 'on their behalf they
extend through me to you a heartTelt wejeome.
hoping that your deliberation* will be pleasant
to yourselves and hoping that they will alsj
be of great benefit to the youth of California:
Ladies --.ind gentlemen, I- thank you. (Ap
plause.) - ... . ,¦..!•:,;>•;
BELIEVES IX
I firmly believe that we should find the best
material and when we do -• find it, in the
teachers, we should . do everything Jin our
power to uphold them in their good work and
also to make provision for thenj In the future,
after their-time i» past — when they, are In
capable of' managing and educating our chil
dren. And .herr In San Francisco our-teach
ers are very much interested at the present
time In a proposition to provide for the^utnre
and have asked that a monthly allowance # he
set aside in order to provide a fund to be used
for that' ourpose. ,1 say to you to-day, ladies
and gentlemen, that -the Board of Education
of £an Francisco has been and Is in sympathy
with the movement, and I Intend ; to ¦ do • all
I can with' the Board of Supervisors : to hav*
them provide In the next budget in order to
establish this fund. (Applause.) ••¦¦:.
Upon me has fallen a most pleasant task
and duty 3nd one that I do not underestimate.
As the chief magistrate of San Francisco and
on tjchalf of our citizens I extend a welcome
to this great representative gathering of edu
cators. Our able, amiable and generous Su
perintendent of SchooTs has In his address left
me troor, indeed. He has taken away 100,000
welcomes. <l,auzhter). Hut I want to say
that the welcome that lies In the hearts of
every one of the citizens qf San Francisco Is
not measured liy numbers, but is extended to
you to the fullest extent. (Applause.)
• I have, during my short term of * office,
tried to do everything to build up the.' public
echool system of San Francisco and I ever
will be p.n ard«nt advocate, of. our " public
school 'system. (Applause.) . . .
Toadies and Gentlemen and Members of the
California Teachers* Association:
Superintendent Langdon paid. a high
tribute to Mavcr Eugene E. Schmitz,
who, he said, had ever been interested
in public school education and a' good
friend to the teachers of San Francisco.
He then introduced the city's chief ex
ecutive, and when the applause, had
subsided the Mayor spoke as follows: 7
At the conclusion of the opening ad
dress Superintendent Langdon an
nounced a chorus from the eighth
grades of the San Francisco School
Department, under the direction of
Miss Estelle Carpenter, supervisor of
music. Miss Fannie E. Bliven was the
accompanist. The curtain arose, dis
playing the bright faces of more than
100 children. At a signal the little boys
and girls marched, company . front, to
the footjights. and the teachers ap
plauded heartily. Miss Carpenter was
given a pleasant greeting as she took
her place on the rostrum. .The singing
of the youngsters was the feature of
the day. Their fresh young voices were
in perfect tune and they filled the the
ater with melody. Three songs were
rendered. The first was Gounod's
"Praise Ye i the Father," after which
they sang: "Calmly Sleep," by Schu
mann, and Brinkworth's "Birds' Valse."
The children sang so beautifully that
the teachers clamored for more," but
the length of the programme would not
permit ah encore.
APPLAUSE FOR MAYOR.
live to the fnd that California's children may
become the strong and virile men and women
Ihat we havo thf> certain opportunity to make
tliem? Successful in industry and commerce,
powerful in nrt ajjd learning, serving well the
Foeioty and the Htate that have chosen uj to
lead them into the light. (Applause.)
CHILDREN SING WELL.
Four handsome PTaqufs representing the sea
sons and a Calendar Plaque for 1904 have.
be«-n exeevteO for the MaJt-Nutrtne Dept. of
the Anhcui'pr-Busoh Brewing Ass'n. according
to the d«*?isn?< specially painted by the cele
brated color artist. Mr. A. von BuflSt.
The plaques arc 12 inches in diameter, print
ed in fourteen color?, and represent tho highest
type of lithograph work. No advertising ap
pVars on the face of the reason plaques.
They will mako beautiful decorations for t'.ia
nom<\ and i*an be procured by remitting £.V>
to th» Malt-Nutrino Dept.. Anheuser-Busc'a
Brewing Ass'n. St. Louis, Mo.
Sr^erb Art Plaques and Calendar
for 1901.
Visiting Educators Are Cordially Greeted by the Members of the Local School Department and Everything Is
Being Done to Make Their Stay in This City a Pleasant One.
SUPERINTENDENT OF SCHOOLS LANGDON DELIVERING ADDRESS BEFORE THE TEACHERS AT THEIR ANNUAL INSTITUTE.
There is a strong impression among
well-informed Republican politicians
that Victor H. Metcalf will be in the
field as a candidate for United States
Senator long before Senator Perkins'
term expires. It is now ciearly under
stood that if the programme to elect
Mr. Metcalf chairman of th» Repub
lican State Convention had prevailed
at Sacramento Dr. Pardee would not
have been nominated for Governor and
Mr. Perkins would not have been re
elected to the Senate. Sever".', power
ful influences which were invoked. to
assist Metcalf's candidacy for chair
man of the convention are ready to
sustain him in a campaign for the Sen
atorship. In the gossip touching the
Senatorphip the point is raised that
Perkins dwells in Alameda County and
therefore it would not be right or
proper to give that county two United
States Senators. San Mateo, a smaller
county than Alameda. was once the
dwelling place of two United States
Senators — Charles N. Felton and Le
1-ind Stanford. Many polfticians hold
that the question of residence ought
not to be raised, provided the aspirant
is a known resident of the State. Down
in Ventura k is said that Henry Ox
nard. who is frequently mentioned as
a.n aspirant for the Senatorfchlp, Is a
bona fide registered resident of Cali
fornia, but business engagen-ents else
where have intervened to deny him the
opportunity of exercising the right of
suffrage in Ventura County.
There is a deal of conjecture con
cerning candidates for tho United
States Senate. Word comes from the
south that U. 6, Grant Jr. would like
to be President Roosevelt"? running
mate in the next campaign. The San
Diego statesman may not express his
views on th" Senatorship until the Re
publican national convention nominates
a candidate for Vice President. Sen
ator Bard's attitude in regard to the
Scnatorrhip is not understood by the
members of the Legislature who
brought about his election. Senator
Rowell hears that Mr. Bard will not
er.gage in a contest for re-election un
less-requested to do so by a majority
of the members of the next Legislature
frofn Southern California.
METCALF IX THE FIELD.
Th<re will be another Tinted States
Marshal, another United States District
Attorney and also a number of assifl-
Jng attorneys to be appointed. No
doubt Alam<vJa County, represented by
Senator Perkins and Victor H. Metcalf.
will ask for the office of Marshal, as
well as for that of Judpe. There is talk
along the line that Senator Bard, rein
forced by Repre5entatives Gillette.
Needham and Daniels, will insist on an
equal division of the new patronage. It
is said that Alameda will get every
thing created if Bard. Gillette and
Daniels exhibit *the slightest sign of
weakening. Senator Perkins is now
said to be insisting on the appoint
ment of W. C. Flalston to the position
of Naval Officer, contrary to the wishes
of Senator Bard and against the de
sires of a majority of the Republican
Representatives of the California dele
gation.
The salary of the Judge of the new
district will doubtless be fixed at $CMQ
per annum, the same as John J. de
Haven. District Judjre of the Northern
District of California, receives. It is
P"*->ip in political camps that Fred S.
s-'tratton v. ill resicn from the office of
Collector of the Port of San Francisco
to accept the Judgeship >•'' the new dis
trict. The salary attaching to the of
fice of Collector of Customs at this port
is JTOOft per annum, or $1000 a year
more than a Federal District Judge re
ceives, but the fact is always consid
ered that a Federal Judge holds for life,
whereas the ordinary term of a Federal
officer in other departments is only
four years. Rum^>r goes that George
Hatton or W. B. Hamilton will be ap
pointed to succeed Collector Stratton.
OTHKR APPOINTMENTS.
Stones come from Washington. D. C,
to the effect that there will soon be an
increase in the supply of Federal loavos
ar.d fishes. Members of the California
Congressional delegation have soundol
their associates in tho Senate and
House and are now quite sure that
Congress will establish another judicial
district in this State to be known as the
United States Circuit Court— Eastern
District of California. The new district
will be composed of the counties of Del
Norte, Humboldt. Siskiyou, Trinity.
Trhama, Shasta, Modoc. Lassen.
Plumas. Sierra. Nevada. Placer. El Do
rado. Amador. Calaveras. Alpine, Mono,
Mariposa. Tuolumne. Mondocino, Glenn,
Colusa, Butte. Suttcr. Yuba, Sacra
mento. Yolo. Lake. Xapa. Sonoma.
Marin. Alameda, Contra Costa and So
lan".
Several minor attachments were en
tered yesterday at the Sheriffs office
against the fr?n of Sproat Eros., on
which several fteavy attachments were
levied last Saturday. All of the claims
entered yesterday were for labor. Theyj
are as follows: J. N. Albright. $1S: Jl
Kohn. $18; C. -Mvarado. $14; E. Ho
chette, *1S; S. fthine, $15; J. J. Hall.
$18; I* I* Armstrong, $18: A. Constini,
$15; A. I.. Partington. $14; C. Prindle.
$15: J. K. Pralle, $15; L. Goldman, $20;
R. B. Orr. $1.1.
At a meeting of the creditors of tho
Sproat brothers, which was held yes
terday at the rooms of the San Fran
cisco Board of Trade, it was decided
that the concern should not be allowed
to continue in business on payment of
any percentage of the claims against
them no matter how large an offer may
be made., This conclusion was an
nounced Sit the close of the meeting
by William Cluff, chairman of the as
sembled creditors. Mr. Cluff named a
committee of seven of the principal
creditors of the Sproat brothers, wUt"4
will meet to-day and determine upon
a definite course of action and take
the preliminary steps to have the con
cern wound up.
••We have determined," said William
Cluff last evening, "that Spioat Bros,
shall not be permitted -, to continue.
This conclusion has bejn reached as
a matter of justice to the trado in
genera!. I say for the creditors that
there are only two ways that will suit
us. We must have a bill of tale of the
business from the Sproats or else we
will rroceed at once against them in
insolvency in the courts. Neither of
the Sproats was present at our meeting
to-day, although they were Invited to
be present for we wished to ask them,
some questions. We do not yet know
the full amount of the indebtedness."
There was a rumor yesterday that
Samuel Sproat had left tov-n. Last
evening this was demea and it was
said that ho was ill. The creditors were
of the opinion that neither of the
Sproats would disappear. Th« meet-
Ins of the creditors yesterday was
characterized by warm remarks, show
ing that they were angry.
Attitude of Thomas R. Bard.
U. S. Grant Expects the Nomi
nation for Vice President
Alternative Is Proceedings in
Insolvency to Be Begun
at Once in the Courts
SENATORIAL ASPIRANTS
BILL OF SALE REQUIRED
Xcw Federal Court to Be
Created and Collector May
Be Appointed District Judge
Chairman of Their Creditors
Tells Course of Action That
Has Been Decided Upon
STRATTON WANTS
LIFE POSITION
STATE TEACHERS GATHER IN ANNUAL SESSION
AND HEAR ADDRESSES BEARING ON THEIR WORK
SAYS SPROATS
CANNOT GO ON
THE SAN .FRANCISCO. CALL,. TUESDAY, ¦¦.DECEMBER 29, 1903.
Tltroivii I'roni a Car.
14
f " . %
I igflJfPTlSr Several Standard f
I iiiPliSwf reasonable prices, j
(¦¦"H I _J U----^liJ!41i Many are perfectly new, ¦
Bili^e^g^^'^-^P while some, due to ex- a
. changing during the holi- |
{day trade, are just as good. J
' One Steinway, ebonized case. g
One. Sterling, mahogany case. J
One Knabe, fancy walnut case. |
I One Foster, fancy walnut case. ¦
Two Mason & Hamlin, walnut case. ¦
Two Haines (Patti's favorite), walnut and mahogany j
cases. " j*
One Steck Grand, small size, mahogany case.
I One Steck Upright. |
Intendl-njr piano pnrcha«era will do well to inve«titf*te tie«a y»1um. |
for they axe well worth the prices asked. jj
II A i"V!?Vi rroll IT San Josc * Stocktca. 8
lO^M.l'Cirreii OI., O. V. Alameda, rra«no. y
i~:Sole Agents for Chickering, Vose and Sterling Pianos, -
-^n "*inwriW«*» h^O^ZSSw *^^^m* ssi^^E 1 1 _j
ADVERTISEMENTS.