SAN FRANCISCO. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1903.
CASHIER HAYS RESIGNS FROM NATIONAL BANK IN RIVERSIDE
AND RAILROAD OFFICIALS PROBE THE RIGHT-OF-W AY FRAUDS
Want Law Observed.
- ROME. Nov. 16.— The government has
addressed a circular to all prefects
throughout the kingdom 'Instructing: them
to watch for the Immigration Into Italy
of the members of the dissolved French
religious congregations .and \a see that
they do not break the Italian law*.
" ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., Nov. 16.— The
body of J. t M. Scheller, until recently a
soldier In the "United States army in the
Philippines, has been found at the sum
mit of the highest peak of the lofty
range. A six-shooter with one chamber
empty lay near the body. The body lay
between two great bowlders, as If the
man had attempted to provide a tomb be
fore killing himself. Scheller was; last
seen Jn Albuqueraue on October 18, when
he said that he was going to his home
In Kansas City. He same to this city
from Los Angeles.
Ends Life on High Peak.
PARIS, Nov. 16.— Henri Rochefort. In
an Interview, is quoted as saying he un
derstands Dreyfus will be re-tried before
the Court of Cassation,: which he pre-^
diets will quash the verdict of the Rennes
court-martial, "and that Dreyfus will be
rehabilitated In his rights.
Dreyfus May Get His Rights.
RIVERSIDE, Nov. 16.— At a special
meeting of the board of directors of the
Orange Growers' National Bank this
morning the resignation of H. T. Hays
as cashier of the institution - was read
and accepted. The resignation reads:
"I : hereby tender my resignation as
cashier of this institution, to take place
Immediately. With my best wishes for
the future success of the bank. I am,
very truly yours, H. T.'HAYS."
The directors at once adopted resolu
tions commending Hays' work while in
the bank employ, stating that he had
filled : the office < of cashier with "rare
ability" since the organization of the
Riverside Bank Officials Commend
Him for His Service.
RESIGNATION OP HAYS.
The trouble Is In all probability the
outcome of a bitter feeling existing be
tween the sheep and cattle men. In one
case a sheep herder's dog was killed a
few feet from the herder. The assail
ant fired from ambush. The sheep men
are organizing for their own protection
and the near future may see some
clashes between the two elements.
to Rosewater, who declared that the
indictments were the result of a politi
cal quarrel. Rosewater asserted that
Senator Dietrich had a good defense
and added that the Senator had come
to Washington at this time to bring
about the removal of District Attorney'
Somere. He Baid they had already been
to the White House on this mission.
Rosewater declared that District At
torney Somers had 'pushed the charges
against Senator'Dietrich for the reason
that they were politically antagonistic.
REDDING, Nov. 16.— Unknown per
sons last week attacked and killed a
number of sheep belonging to John
Robinson in Modoc County. This act
has greatly aroused the ire of residents
of that county and lynching is. possi
ble. A band of sheep belonging to John
Robinson of Gouger Neck had been at
tacked by armed men and a number
were killed.
Wrath of Owners in Modoc Aroused
by the Acts of Mis
creants.
SLAUGHTER OF SHEEP
MAY CAUSE LYNCHING
SALT LAKE. Utah. Nov. 15.— The an
nual stockholders' meeting' of the San
Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Rail
road was held In this city to-day and the?
following board of directors was chosen:
W. A. Clark. W.. C. Kerens. J. Rosa
Clark, T. E. Gibbons. T. F. Miller.
F. K. Rule, W. S. McCornlck. Thomai
Kearna. Reed Smoot. E. W. Clark. H. I.
Pettls and Rosa .W. Smith.
Xo other business of importance was
transacted. The stockholders of the Em
pire Construction Company, which is
closely affiliated with ths San Pedro
road, also, met In this city - to-day and
elected a new board of directors.
Stockholders of the Salt Lake* Road
Hold Annual Meeting.
DIRECTORS ARE ELECTED.
M. J. Twogood, whf> has served effi
ciently for some time as assistant cash
ier, was promoted to tWecashlershlp,
succeeding Hays. Twogood - Is- a son
in-law of Congressman M. - J. Daniels,
president of the bank, who is now in
Washington.
The. public story, that Hays had be
come Involved in alleged unfair. deal-
Ings with the Salt Lake road caused a
sensation in Riverside to-day. Hays
was about the bank attending' to his
usual duties most of the day. 'With re
gard to Diss, the Salt Lake road right
of way agent, Hay3 declined abso
lutely to say a word. .
Affairs at the Orange Growers*. Bank
will not be affected by the change In of
ficers. Twogood Is experienced In bank
affairs, Is popular and is not in poll
tics. Although Hays retains consider
able property interests here. It Is prob
able that he will not much longer make
his home in Riverside. ..
bank in 1SD2, arid that he has been able
"to show every dollar accounted for,
the affairs of- his place In order and
every trust, well and safely adminis
tered." ' '-'•*•
The claim made by Hays' friends
that the money he made in his real es
tate deals was simply a commission
was refuted to-night by Vice President
Gibbon, who has documentary evidence
Xo show that Hays was appointed con
fidential agent "of the company upon
recommendation of Diss and others,
that he was to receive no direct finan
cial remuneration, that he was to per
form his services in consideration of his
bank getting the Salt Lake Railroad
Company's business and that he was to
be permitted to realize such profit as
might arise from the Increase in values
of. property adjacent to the right of
way by reason of the building of the
road, but not by the direct purchase of
right of way property.
It Is also. known that from the real
estate men In Riverside whom he em
ployed to purchase property, their com
missions to be paid by the sellers, Hays
demanded one-half of that commission
and on one occasion is alleged to have
received $2400 from that source.
: Although the railroad officials will
not admit It, tremendous political and
other pressure is being exerted in the
effort to shield certain persons, but
who they are has not been announced.
lost by such deals that the officials are
now conducting their Investigation.. It
will be impossible for them to secure
restitution In most instances and it
may be impossible for them to fasten
the matter upon any of tneir agents,
but it is admitted that the company
has been heavily mulcted at the in
stance of some persons who occupied
positions of trust. It is promised that
if the. guilt of those persons can .be
positively established the matter will
be v given all possible publicity, and may
be carried Into the criminal courts.
QUESTION OF COMMISSION.
Another plan was to profit by the
manipulation of property In , the vicin
ity of tracts which those ¦'. in the deal
knew long In advance would be selected
for 'depot purposes. The property near
these tracts would be secured on op
tions before the announcement of the
exact depot site was made, and by rea
son of the Inevitable appreciation in
values o£ this property tho3e. In the
deal would be able to dispose of their
options at .handsome profits and with
but little outlay of money.
\ It Is 'for'the purpose of ascertaining,
if possible, how much the company has
Since the exposure -of the deals at
tention has been called to the fluctua
tions in value of realty all along the
line of the" railroad. The confidential
agents knew, of course, what route the
road would . take and long before the
construction gangs or even the final
surveying parties started along the
known route/persons to whom this in
formation was secretly imparted would
purchase certain property on or near
the proposed right of way.
This ¦ property was cheap, but It
would be transferred at an increased
figure and after a week or two would
again be transferred at an even higher
price and this would be repeated sev
eral times until the last transfer would
indicate that the property had brought
a good stiff price. Then, when the rail
road : company needed it, the deeds
would, be displayed, showing that the
property had been sold for a good price
and a price In advance of, that would
be demanded of the railroad company,
and with such evidence before It the
price demanded would be paid.
Thus property, the original price of
which was something within reason,
would be forced up in price until the
railroad company would be made to
pay' In some instances twice Ira value.
These operations were not confined to
any given section nor were they too
frequently practiced, but a sufficient
number of such deals were made to
make \t extremely profitable for those
who possessed the inside Information.
PROPERTY MANIPULATION.
METHOD IN THE FRAUD.
both gentlemen refused to enter into a
further discussion of that feature of
the case.
There are abundant indications that
the Salt Lake Railroad Company has
been made the victim of its own con
fidential agents for many months. The
manner in which these agents or others
acting for them profited was extremely
simple and it must have netted them
many thousands of dollars.
Corporation Discovers That It Has Been the Victim of Its
Confidential JIgents for Many Months.
At the fishery the fish can be secured
in greater quantities than they can be
handled and the hatchery Is running at
its full capacity. Some days as many
as 1,000,000 eggs are secured. People
from the southern par!t of the county
go to the hatchery for the fish, which
are given away after the spawning op
eration. Many millions of young sal
mon will be hatched this season, as op
erations have been under way for some
time and may continue for some time
longer if the river does not rise too
high.
REDDING. Nov. 16.— The salmon are
ko thick in the mouth of Mill Creek Just
below the Government fishery racks
that they are seen right up to the sur
face c-f the water and so closely packed
together that a person looking upon the
mass would feel that he could cross the
creek dry shod by stepping on the backs
of the fish as they appear above the wa
ter. They are crowded up by the mass
which extends down to the bottom of
the stream.
Massed Salmon in Mill Creek, in
Shasta, Almost Tempt' Pe
destrians.
FISH FORM A BRIDGE
ACHOSS THE STREAM
PROMINENT SOUTHERN CALIFORNIANS WHO ARE PROMINENTLY MENTIONED IN THE SENSATIONAL
STORY ABOUT THE SALT LAKE RAILROAD RIGHT OF WAY FRAUDS, BY WHICH THE NEW COM
PANY IS DECLARED TO HAVE BEEN SWINDLED OUT OF IMMENSE SUMS.
It was announced last night by Vice
Presidents Clark and Gibbon that Ma
jor Diss will soon sever his connection
with the' company. To-day Diss threw
down the gauntlet and declared that
he. will mot resign. He spent the day
at his desk as usual, and after a con
sultation with Messrs. Clark and Gib-,
bon he made the following statement:
"I am still right of way agent of the
Salt ; Lake Railroad. I have not re
signed nor do.I Intend to resign. I know
nothing whatever . and have never
known of the deals In which Mr. Hays
is alleged to have been implicated. Fur-'
ther than this I can, say nothing. .The
transactions' with him, were '_ not con-;
ducted under- my supervision. Any
further Information: must' be secured
from the proper officers of the company,
for my position is that of a'subordl-"
nate."
To-night . Vice £ President Gibbon
again , asserted that Major Diss will
soon sever , his connection with the
company and Vice ¦ President ' Clark
confirmed- this statement, although"
STATEMENT BY DISS.
As to Hays' guilt there is no doubt,
for he has made a confession, part of
it In writing, and as a result of the
exposure of his dealings he was forced
to resign his position as cashier of the
Orange Growers' National Bank of
Riverside. Whatever c'se Hays may
be, he is loyal to his friends and he has
assumed th? attitude of scapegoat and
is bearing the brunt of the scandal.
It became known to-day that the
transfer of real estate worth $12,000 by
Hays to the railroad company was by
no means considered a full and com
plete settlement with the corporation.
It was understood by him that this
deed was simply a deed of trust to be
held pending the determination of the
exact amount of the money unaccount
ed for. The exact amount having been
determined, "Hays will be called upon"
to pay that amount and If it be more
than $12,000 he must make good the dif
ference; if less, its payment will result
in the restoration to him of the trust
property.
To what extent Major J. W. F. Diss,
right-of-way agent of the Salt Lake
Railroad Company, will be involved, if
at all, is as yet a matter 'of specula
tion. On that subject the railroad offi
cials positively refuse to talk, except
to say that their investigation being
far from complete they cannot say
what the result will be.
CONFESSION IS MADE.
beyond practically compelling
H. T. Hayes of Riverside to convey to
the company property worth ?12,000 to
secure it in some degree against finan
cial loss, have taken no action, there Is
reason to believe that the swindle of
which the company was made a vic
tim will reach much greater propor
tions than was first announced.
• There is also reason to- believe that
Hays was not alone the beneficiary of
the real estate deals, that he did not
alone engineer the affair by which the
company was forced to pay thousands
of dollars to him while he was acting
as its confidential agent, but that there
are others who are benefited thereby.
Whether there are others who had guilty
knowledge of Hays* transactions will
not be known until the company com
pletes Its investigation which was be
gun nearly two months ago and of
which the demanding of security from
Hays was only an incident.
TT OS ANGELES, Nov. 16.—AI
ffl though the officials. \ of the
Rf , Salt, Lake Rpflroad^ Company
i-jf "vh,i '*'¦ y^t ni5do ¦ no> bftJtlal 1
*' *W statementiof thb 'matter, and
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Confession Is Given
to Company's
Officials.
A foreigner who has frequently been
at the palace describes the Dowager
Empress as apparently, greatly dis
tressed. The Manchus are beginning
to realize that the loss of the seat of
their dynasty means the loss of their
prestige, and possibly endangers the
succession. After applying to the Amer
ican and Japanese legations for assist
ance, the Chinese Foreign Office admits
that its policy is to await the devel
opments of the Russian-Japanese nego
tiations, hoping that they will result
In a partial restoration of Manchuria. I
The Idea of closer relations between
China and Japan Is spreading rapidly
and is much discussed by officials in
the press.
It is noticeable that China no longer
seeks Eritish assistance regarding
Manchuria,, but consults only the
American and Japanese Ministers In
stead of all of the diplomats, as for
merly.
While the Chinese official world Is
greatly excited over the Manchurlan
situation, the helplessness of the Gov
ernment was never more conspicuously
displayed. Several long councils have
been held at the palace during the last
fortnight, but the highest officials de
vote more energy to Intriguing against
their rivals and trying to shift the re
sponsibility than dealing with the prob
lem of what measures should be token.
Advices from Japan are to the effect
that the Japanese are growing bitter
against England because they believe
that the latter country is unfaithful to
her alliance with Japan. They now
believe that England entered , Into an
alliance with Japan, expecting that its
proclamation would result In Russia
withdrawing from Manchuria and
therefore regarding war as a faint pos
sibility. Russia refused to retire and
now England, fearing that she may be
drawn into war through the alliance,
is exerting her influence as an ally to
induce Japan to recognize what Lord
Cranborne called "Russia's rather spe
cial position in Manchuria." Premier
Balfour's exhortation to Japan to make
moderate demands also is considered
helpful to Russia in the negotiations by
notifying her that England's support of
Japan is lukewarm.
All of Russia's officials in the East
declare that her domination of Man
churia Is necessary for her Interests
and the safety of the Trans-Siberian
Railroad and that Russia must hold all
that she has taken.
Japan has asserted that Russia's ful
fillment of the evacuation convention
is essential to an engagement and has
promised China not to sanction any en
gagement impairing China's sovereign
ty in Manchuria.
PEKING. Now 16.— The foreign dip
lomats at Peking are awaiting,devel
opments In the Russo-Japanese "nego
tiations with the keenest interest, but
are not sanguine of their success, be
cause they are unable to see what
terms are possible, unless one nation
distinctly surrenders.
MOSCOW, Nov. 16.— The Russian mil
itary reoccupation of Moukden, Man
churia, has caused such tension and
has aroused such an aggressive atti
tude on the part of China that the con
tinued dispatch of troops to the Far
East is now taid to be directed against
China. Despite the pacific turn of the
Russo-Japanese dispute, troops total
ing 250.000 were ordered to the Far
East when hostilities appeared Immi
nent and they are being continually
draftpd from the government of Mos
cow and the nine surrounding prov
inces. With the troop3 already in the
Far East, (his will give Russia an over
whelming force with which to overawe
China.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— Senator
Dietrich and Editor Rosewater of the
Omaha Bee have arrived in this city
and to-night all inquirers as to the in
tflctment of the Senator were referred
EXPLAINS FOB DIETRICH.
Postmaster Fisher was formerly
Mayor of Hastings and has been prom
inent in Republican politics of Nebras
ka for several years. He said In Omaha
to-night:
"There is really nothing In the
charges and my friends will support
me in my defense. If witnesses had
been permitted to have been cross-ex
amined the result would have been
quite different and no indictment would
have followed, lien have pushed this
matter who were turned down for re
appolntment and have trumped up
* < iiarges to 'get even.' "
The section under vyhich the separate
indictments against Senator Dietrich
and Jacob Fisher are drawn is section
ITR1 of the Revised Statutes of the
United States, which forbids members
of Congress from profiting by contracts
or receiving valuable consideration for
procuring contracts or offices. The
conspiracy indictment is drawn under
section 1.440 of the Revised Statutes.
OMAHA, Nov. 16.— The Federal Grand
Jury to-night returned true bills
against United Slates Senator Charles
If. Dietrich and Postmaster Jacob
Fisher of Hastings, Neb., charging
them with conspiracy and bribery in
connection with the appointment of
Fisher to the position of Postmaster.
The indictments were brought In to the
United States District Court at 6
o'clock. Judge Munger presiding, and
were placed on file- The court merely
accepted the report of the Grand Jury,
makirg no remarks beyond a» order
to the clerk for the filing of the bills.
The indictment against Senator Diet
rich charges that he accepted money
and property in consideration of his
recommending Fisher for appointment
as Postmaster in Hastings. That
against Postmaster Fisher charges him
vith having made an agreement with
Oenator Dietrich by which ;he former
wmm to pay, in property and money.
$1300 for the appointment.
NATURE OF THE EVIDENCE.
Evidence was presented to the Grand
Jury to show that Fisher had bought
posto3ice fixtures from the Grand Army
post at Hastings, of the value of $500,
and later turned the property over to
Senator Dietrich, to whose building
they were moved, and to whom was
paid a rental by the Government. In
addition to turning over this property
it is charged that Fisher paid to the
Senator $800 in cash.
To-night it was said that the Grand
Jury had been investigating the Hast
ings postofflce case for nearly three
v.eeks and that a number of witnesses
were Dresent from Hastings u.nd other
I>oints in the State.
The last witness called before the
<Jrar.d Jury was William Dutton, a
hardware merchart of Hastings, who
gave his testimony to-day. According
to Dutton's testimony he (Dutton) act
ed as Intermediary in all the alleged
transactions between the indicted men.
After hearing his evidence the Grand
Jury excused the remaining witnesses
¦who had not testified and at once pre
pared its report.
rOUB OTHER CASES PENDING.
The jury was composed 6f twenty
members, nineteen of whom are said
to have voted for the indictment and
one against it. The members came
from all parts of the State, no two of
them being residents of the same town.
The foreman, Frank E. "White of
Omaha, is secretary of the Grand
Lodge of the Masonic order of Ne
braska. The other members ar«- mostly
business and professional men.
Four other cases, said to be of a sim
ilar nature, are being Investigated by
the Grand Jury and a report on all or
part of them is expected very soon.
All are cases in which postoffices and
Postmasters are concerned.
This indictment is said to be the first
ever returned against a United States
Senator on charges of this nature and
caused intense excitement In Govern
ment official circles in Omaha and in
adjoining towns when it became public.
BASIS FOE INDICTMENT.
The fire blazed with remarkable
fierceness and the firemen aver that
when they arrived on the scene oil was
dropping down an inside wall, the
flames following: It down. Detectives
have been engaged to investigate the
matter and the incident promises to
have interesting developments.
The County Clerk say." the loss to the
county in uncpllectedtaxesi will be i«r
haps $1500. The building was erected In
1300 at a cost of $4500 and was Insured
for $2500.
At the last election U. W- Conder was
elected Judge. Last month, at his in
stigation, the County Court empowered
a firm of accountants to expert the
county books. These men began, their
labors last Monday. The books had
never been experted before and it is
openly asserted that the proposed in
spection of the books was the direct
cause of the fire.
TILLAMOOK. Or.. Nov. 16.— The
county courthouse In this city was de
stroyed by fire early on Sunday morn-
Ing. It is the general opinion that the
building was fired by officials of the
county who were interested in prevent
ing an investigation of the public
finances.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mention Is Made by Rumor
of Officials Who Feared
Accountants. *
Japan Accuses England of
. Deserting Her at Criti
cal Time.
Federal Indictment Filed
Against a National
Lawmaker.
Quarter of a Million
Men Ordered to
Par East.
Sequel to a Fight for
a Postoffle in
Nebraska.
Destruction .of Books
Said to Have Been
the Motive.
Charges Dietrich
With Taking a
Bribe.
Oregon Courthouse
Mysteriously
Burned.
Hurrying Troops
to Scene of
Trouble.
RUSSIA NOW
EXPECTS WAR
WITH CHINA
COSTLY FIRE
MAY UNVEIL
CONSPIRACY
GRAND JURY
IS ACCUSER
OF SENATOR
rcrecattiiaaaa at San Tran
clsco for 30 hours miHug mld
niarht, Kovcmber 17, 1303.
San Franclaoo and Ticinity —
Pair Tuesday; fresn. northerly
wind. O. E. WXLXSOXT,
Local Forecaster.
THE THEATiasN^ 9
* ' Alcawtr — "Th« ClnV» Bafcy."
[ California — "Sl» Hopldaa."
Central — "trader th« Polar Star."
Columbia, — Vlrsrlnla named. In
\ "Uris."
riacher'» — "BuTjm and Bos**."
Grand— "Ben Box."
Orph«tnn— "Vaudeville.
The Cnnte« — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — Grand Optra.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC1V— NO. 170.
The San Francisco CallItchlnB. Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
¦Your. iiruRKlKt will • refund money . if Pazo
Ointment falls to cure you In 6 to 14 days. 00c*
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 16.—The-sev
enty-seventh annual - meeting' of the 'Bal
timore and ; Ohio Railway . Company was
held hero to-day. ;.. The present board of
directors was re-elected.
WASHINGTON, . Nov. " 16.—Representa
tive Ball of, Texas, after a service in the
House of six and; a half years, will retire
tomorrow to private life. His resignation
has .been accepted. It is understood Ball
may become a candidate for Governor of
Texas. • .
Surrenders Seat in Congress.
TTABHINGTON. Nov. 16.— Senator Quay
to-day Introduced separate bills for the
admission of New Mexico and Arizona as
States. They are identical with the bills
Introduced by Delegates Rodey and Wil
son in the House.
Senate Bill for New States.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 16.— Four men
were blown*, almost . to pieces on the
stock farm owned by Dr. J. B. : Hartman
south- of Columbus to-day. The dead:
Jesse ; ..N. boss of dynamiters;
John Cox.. Richard Cox. workman; — .
Schlitz, spectator. The men had been
blasting stumps and stones with dyna
mite. • - • ¦ ¦ -\r:
Four Men Killed by Dynamite.
' CHICO. Nov. 16. — The coroner's In
quiry to-day into the cause of the death
of Mrs. Bira Chase, wife of Ray E.
Chase, professor of biology in the Chico
Normal, developed conclusively . that
Mrs. Chase accidentally took cyanide of
potash, either by, mistaking it for bromo
seltzer or by a residue of the poison be
ing in a glass out. of which she drank.
Potash Cause of Her Death.
STOCKTON, .Nov. 16.— Stockton was
jiven a very low rate for electric light-
Ing to-night when bids were received
by the City Council for next year's con
tract. The American River Electric
is building toward this city
and announced that it would bid, so
the Stockton Gas and Electric Com
pany, represented by F. A. Hihn. as
president, induced the Standard Elec
tric Company to make a big cut in its
service and bid to furnish the city
lights for $3 79, the lowest rate in the
United States. The American Com
*pany*s bid was $4 40.
The old , rate now being charged is
J6 SO. The city voted last spring to
build a municipal plant, but the sharp
competition between rival companies
will probably result in an abandonment
of the city's project.
Bivalry Causes a Cut in
Charges.
BATES FOB LIGHTING :
VEBY LOW IN STOCKTON
City Council Beceives Bids and
arrangements for a visit to Venice next
week. The report is not confirmed from
any other source.
British Newspaper Prints Remark
, able Statement From Vienna
Correspondent.
LONDON, Nov. 17. — According to the
Vienna correspondent of the London
Dally Chronlcle...Pope Plus X has made
SAYS THAT POPE PITTS
IS TO VISIT VENICE
issued a statement in which 'he an
nounced the policy of the company. He
said that if an extra session of the Leg
islature were called and proper legis
lation passed insuring fair trials — that
is, impartial Judges to try cases in thu
District Court and review the facts In
equity cases In the Supreme Court— the
mines and smelters would resume oper
ations.
GOVERNOR TOOLE'S ATTITUDE.
Before calling the extra session Gov
ernor Toole addressed a letter to Scal
lon, in which he said that the inherent
Infirmity of President Scallon's propo
sition, as well as of the petitions, was
that which made the passage of the
legislation mentioned a condition prece
dent to the resumption of work by the
several companies. Governor Toole
said that, nowever much he prayed for
a resumption of work on account of the
present and prospective conditions of
those lately employed in the suspended
Industries and the business Interests of
the communities directly affected, he
was firm in his opinion that It were far
better for the State of Montana as a
whole that this calamity, bad as it was,
should continue indefinitely than that
a precedent should be established by
which legislation of a given kind should
be made a condition precedent to the
doing or omission of any act by any
corporation or individual in this State.
Governor Toole made the proposal, so
to speak, to call 'the extra session If
President Scallon and the other man
agers of the works recently suspended
would at once resume operations. Upon
receipt of the letter, President Scallon
and the other managers addressed a
communication to Governor Toole, re
plying in the affirmative. The procla
mation was at once issued, and an hour
later the men were going toward the
mines and smelters in Butte, Ana
conda and Great Falls, In readiness to
begin work on the next shift.
PREPARING FOR BATTLE.
In all parts of the State everything
in the industrial lines is already as
suming its normal shape. The trouble,
however, has only been postponed a
few weeks, and - Helena will be the
arena for the combat, which will dem
onstrate whether F. Augustus Heinze
or the Amalgamated Copper Company
will reign. Heinze Is massing his forces
for battle and will no doubt use all his
strength and energies to prevent the
"fair trial" bills passing, which would
result in his mining litigation being re
moved from the District Courts of Sil
ver Bow County. The Amalgamated
Copper Company is confident, however,
that It can secure the enactment of
such legislation, as it claims a majority
of both houses of the Legislature.
At the session two years ago a "fair
trial" bill was passed, but when it was
attempted to put It into force the ques
tion as to its constitutionality was
raised. The case was taken Into the
Supreme Court, . which rendered a de
cision declaring it unconstitutional.
Heinze was again victorious. It will
now be up to the Amalgamated to have
bills. framed that will stand the test —
that cannot be declared unconstitu
tional by the Supreme Court.
The scenes of two, four and six years
ago, when Heinze and Senator W. A.
Clark were linked together against a
common . enemy, and when they .fought
each other; when Clark was -arrayed
against the late Marcus Daly, and the
memorable fight carried Into the cham
bers of the White House in Washing
ton; when F. Augustus Heinze fought
the Amalgamated . Copper Company
tooth and nail, are recalled vividly
during these v days preceding the special
sesson of the Legislature.
In the meantime, the legislative
halls are being put into order for the
second special session called within
two years; hotels are receiving calls
for rooms and the lobbyist is abroad.
It is expected that each side will have
a large following of the latter and that
they will be "getting busy" within a
short time.
Discretion is the better part of minding
your own business.
COLUSA. Nov. 18.— Dr. William Henry
Belton, a prominent physician of this city,
was found dead in bed to-day. Death wu
caused by heart failure. Dr. Belton was
a native of South Carolina and 65 years
old. He was a Confederate veteran and
was severely wounded at Gettysburg.
The funeral will be held tomorrow at 3
o'clock.
Death of a Prominent Physician.
DARMSTADT, Nov. 16.— The Princes3
Elizabeth, daughter of the Grand Duke
of Hesse, died at Sklernewice. Russian
Poland., to-day; from cholera mar bus.
The Czar and Czarina will return to
Darmstadt to attend the funeral.
Princess Elizabeth Dies.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16.— Because Mme.
Adelina Patti refused to appear when
a suit against Mme. Patti and Grau,
her manager, for $7000 was called in
the Supreme Court to-day the attor
ney for the complainant announced
that he would apply for an order di
recting the singer to show cause why
she should not be adjudged In contempt
of court and be punished accordingly.
The suit is for $7000 alleged to be due
for procuring a loan of $40,000 for Mme.
Patti and Grau. Grau's representative
declares the suit Is an attempt to col
lect a bill of $100 \ for . "insignificant
brokerage service."
Her attorney later said that Mme.
Patti did not know that tho papers,
served upon her contained an crder for
her examination. \t has now been ar
ranged that application will be made
on Wednesday next to the ccurt to
vacate the order on the ground that it
was improvidently granted. If the court
declines to vacate the order Mme. Patti
will submit to the examination. •
Attorney in Suit Against Adelina
Patti Will Ask That She Be
Punished. .
WANTS THE DIVA CITED
FOR CONTEMPT OF COURT
. Leonard Is a brother of William H.
Leonard, who is charged with using un
due influence to get Mrs. Arnold to write
ber will In his favor. There are two
wills filed with the court, one dated
April 7. 1902, proposed for probate by
Alfred F. Rosenheim and Frances Whee
lock Rosenheim. his wife, nephew by
marriage and niece of the decedent; the
other, dated April 2 4. 1303. filed for pro
bate by Charles W. Buker, C. A. Scott
and William H. Leonard, executors. The
new comers and intervenors side with
the Rosenhelms against the William H.
Leonard interests, thus making one
brother oppose the other and one sister
oppose another. The property amounts
to about $200,000, and three of the five
heirs at law are opposing the latest will
and hoping to establish the -former one,
which they consider 'more equitable.
livened by "Complaint in
Intervention.."
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 16. — Complicated
already with petitions, demurrers and
answers, the Arnold will case was still
further mixed to-day by the filing of a
"complaint in intervention" by Lucy S.
Wetterson of Jersey City. X. J.. and
Frank T. Leonard of Hopklnton, Mass.,
eister and nephew of the decedent, Har
riet M. Arnold.
COMPMCATIONS MAKE
LAWSUIT INTERESTING
Contest Over Will in San Diego En-
The direct cause of the shutdown of
the Amalgamated properties in Mon
tana on October 12 were two decisions
recently handed down by Judge Wil
liam Clancy in Butte. One gave the
Minnie Healy mine to F. Augustus
Heinze. This is valued at $10,000,000
and the case was being tried for the
second time. ¦ In the first trial Judge
Clancy decided In favor of Heinze and
the case was appealed to the Supreme
Court, which sent it back for a new
trial.. Judge Clancy again rendered a
decision in favor of Heinze and another
appeal will be taken. The second de
cision was the one which prevented the
Amalgamated Copper Company voting
any of the stock of the Boston and
Montana Company, an injunction be
ing issued against the company. This
suit was instituted by John MacGin
nlss, agent for Heinze.
The Amalgamated Copper Company
then claimed that it could not obtain
fair trials in the Judiciary of Silver
Bow County and announced that until
legislation was enacted Insuring: it fair
trials It would close Its works. The tlo
up came and more than 20,000 men were
thrown out of employment, either di
rectly or indirectly. In Butte alone it
cut off a pay, roll of $25,000 a day. Rail
roads laid off their fright crews for
merly engaged in hauling ore to the
smelters and coal from the mines;
storekeepers discharged their clerks
and various industries. were paralyzed.
The Cokedale coal, mines shut down
and lumbering crews In Western Mon
tana were discharged. Business in
Butte was practically suspended and
the effect reached even Into Utah and
W,yoming, where coal mines drawn
upon by the Amalgamated felt the
effect of the storm. ; . ,
Shortly after the shutdown President
William Scallon of the. Anaconda Cop
per Mining^ Company, in response to an
inquiry from the Butte Miners' Union,
TWO FAMOUS DECISIONS.
In accordance with Governor Toole's
letter from President William Scallon
of the Anaconda Copper Mining Com
pany, the latter's properties in Butte
and smelters in Anaconda and Great
Falls have resumed work and more
than 20,000 men who have been idle
for two weeks are again employed.
How long this condition will last is not
known and many persons are anxiously
awaiting the outcome of the legislative
session. If that body fails to pass laws
to relieve the present situation in the
courts the public, shudders even to
think of what may be the next move
in the greatest copper war ever waged.
From the time of the closing of the
Anaconda Copper Company's prop
erties in Montana petitions from labor
organizations throughout the State', to
gether with lengthy documents from
other organizations, poured into the
executive office in Helena asking Gov
ernor Toole to call an extra session.
Twenty were received in one day and
they came from all portions of North
ern, Central and Western Montana.
Petitions and letters received repre
sented almost three-quarters of the
population of the western half of Mon
tana, and as the wishes of the people
were thus conveyed Governor Toole
called an extra session.
yr tt ELENA, Mont., Nov. 16.—
If™ 1 ! I While the Amalgamated Cop
8 1 per Company can be said to
•*¦*¦ have scored a temporary vic
tory over F. Augustute Heinze
this week when Governor Joseph K.
Toole called an extra session of the
Montana Legislature for enacting laws
to Insure fair trials to litigants, the
fight has in reality only begun. The
next month promises mdtiy interesting
events. Both sides are Vreparing for
the final test of strength when the
Legislature shall convene on Decem
ber 1. Heinze's lieutenants are already
busy outlining their campaign and the
Amalgamated's agents are not far be
hind. ¦•¦-.
RIVALS IN MONTANA'S GREAT WAR OF COPPER KINGS, WHO ARE
NOW ABOUT TO TRANSFER THEIR STRUGGLE TO "THE HALLS
OF THE STATE LEGISLATURE.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— Of ht» hos
tility to Brigadier General Leonard
Woods' promotion to a major general
ship, a plain. declaration was made by
Senator Hanna to-day.
"I am decidedly antagonistic to Gen
eral Wood and if I am represented ir
any other way it is not true," said the
Senator in reply to a suggestion that
his attitude in the matter was not
fully understood. "While I am prim
arily interested in giving Major Rath
bone an, opportunity for I
am alscT^Opposed to Wood. I don't care
to give my reasons now, but I shall
go before the committee and make my
position clear. I am a witness and not
prosecutor."
Ohio Senator Says He Will Speak His
Hind .Before Proper Com
mittee.
HANNA IS OPPOSED
TO GENERAL WOOD
• ' Swanpon (DA nf \'{r,T-i**.!h. t<T&$',kij&
the points vih'.rli T<$ srld 1hre"!t^-.i».a o'?r
foreign commerce/ by tlie vcrc tcrlfls
! DEBATE OPENED BY PAYNE.
Payne opened the debate, urging the
passage of the bill. Payne said that no
harm would be wrought' to the sugar
industry by the legislation now pro
posed and likewise the tobacco industry
could not be harmed by ..the proposed
new arrangemc-nt. He added that, no
industry would be affected by the per
fection of the treaty. He said, in reply
to an inquiry, that he did not expect
new industries' to, be established while
this question was being agitated.
; . "Our national pride appeals to us to
pass the bill," said Payne, in conclu
sion. ; .. , .. * . . ;¦
Williams denied that the minority de
sired to amend the bill in. order to.kfll
the treaty.. He read the minority rfe
port, giving the reasons why. the mi
nority desired to amend the 'bill. Wil
liams held the Republicans responsible
for the fact that the treaty was not- in
effect to-day. Referring, to Payne,
Williams said: ' \ .. . „ -
"As to that part of his 'speech 'which
advocates this bill upon Its merits," it
is almost as sudden a conversion " as
1 that of St. Paul on his way to Damas
cus; it is almost as sudden. an occur
rence as was the recent birth of the
new republic of Panama." ; .
Williams spoke only a few minutes,
reserving the' right to class sJhe debate
for the minority.
ATTACKS TARIFF POLICY.
With the announcement of the vote
Williams asked for unanimous consent
to propose an amendment to the rule
for an aye and no vote on tho amend
ment reported by the minority, with
twenty minutes' discussion fan each
side, a vote then to be taken on the
bill. Payne objected. The House then
went into committee of the whole With
Sherman of New York in the- chair.
The short debate which preceded the
adoption of the rule was followed by
several speeches on the merits of the
measure. Payne opened the debate in
a speech whose keynote was that the
measure would not affect injuriously
sugar, tobacco or any other interests.
For the minority. Representatives Wil
liams of Mississippi, Swanson of Vir
ginia and Robinson of Indiana made
speeches criticizing the Republicans
for their tariff policies and the exces
sive taxation of the duty. Robinson
predicted danger to our foreign com
; merce from higher foreign tariffs un
; less we Incited tariff reforms, and de
clared the tariff question again would
become a burning political issue.
I DAiZELL REPORTS THE RULE.
Dalzell (Republican) of Pennsylvania
i reported the resolution providing that
! the bill reported from the Ways and
[ Means Committee should be considered
I to the exclusion of other business until'
; 4 o'clock Thursday, when a vote should
I be taken without intervening motion.
Williams of Mississippi, speaking for
j the minority in opposition to the rule,
! declared it was about the most drastic
j rule ever Introduced in the House, as
! it shut off all right to perfect the bill.
, He said that the minority desired to
offer an amendment which proposed
i to strike out ' the "double-barreled
i pledge" contained in the bill. Ap
; plause from the Democratic side greet-
I en the statement that the bill tore down
] one-fifth of the schedules built up by
i the Republicans. The amendment it was
i desired to offer was the one decided
upon in the Democratic caucus on Sat
urday night.
Dalzell, replying to the charge that
j the rule was a most drastic measure,
] reverted to the time when the Wilson
i bill was pending, Crisp being Speaker,
J saying that he commended the minority
j to a study of its own parliamentary
I history.-
Williams demanded the ayes and
noes on the adoption of the rule and
they were ordered. The rule was
adopted, 176 ayes to 155 noes. . ,
cial session, adopting a
doture rule by a party vote, with the
exception that six Republican mem
bers from Michigan and California
Joined the minority In opposition to the
rule. The Democrats opposed the rule
on the ground that it was drastic and
prevented a vote being taken on any
amendment . to the, bill, while 'the six
Republican vptes cast against ¦ it in
clude*! opposition to measure as
antagonistic to beet sugaxvlnterests.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.-The
House to-day made a fair
start on the subject for
which it was called in spe-
WASHINGTON, : Nov. 16.— When' the
Senate convened ' to-day several petitions
protesting "against Senator Smoot retain
ing his seat were presented and deferred
to the Committee on Privileges arid Elec
tions. After a short ' executive • session
tho Senate adjourned.
More Petitions Against Smoot.
The resort says that If the amend
ment Is adopted the minority would
gladly vote for the bill; but, even if de
feated, they recommend its- passage,
"because," the report Plates, "we think
that the good to be done by- Its passage
will far overbalance the evil which will
result from a failure to take advantage
of the opportunity to diminish the pow
er of the sugar trust." ¦
"Because," the report says, "in .our
opinion we would thereby deprive the
great sugar trust of this country of
some of , its power to extort from the
consumer, curtail Its power to bear
down the price "of the raw material,
thereby injuring the sugar planter, and
lessen its ability to dictate to wholesale
and. retail dealers in sugar the manner
In which they shall do business and the
price at which they shall sell refined
sugar."
Robinson of Indiana, taking as his '
text a treasury statement, argued f
against the Republican policy, which, j
he said, was that of excessive taxation. |
At 4:44 o'clock the committee arose j
and the Speaker announced the follow- j
ing members bf the Committee on En- |
rolled Bills: Wachter of Maryland, j
Burke of Pennsylvania, Wilson of 1111- !
nois, Landis of Indiana. Lloyd of Mis- j
souri, Johnson of South Carolina, Liver
nash of California. The last three are
Democrats. The House adjourned at
4:50 o'clock. " •
MINORITY REPORT IS FILED.
A minority report setting forth the
views of . Williams of Mississippi,
Swanson of Virginia, McClellan of New
York and Clark of Missouri on the
Cuban bill was filed in the House to
day. Cooper of Texas, also a member
of the minority on the Ways and
Means Committee, presented a lengthy
-report condemning the Cuban treaty
in toto.
Cooper does not believe Cuban reci
procity will benefit either Cuba or the
United States. In his opinion, he says,
there also are grave doubts regarding
the constitutionality of the bill.
The proposed legislation. Cooper says,
is both undemocratic and unrepublican
— undemocratic, because the bene- i
ficiaries are the sugar refining interests ;
and some other special interests, and |
the benefits they will receive will have j
to be made by an additional tax on the
whole people upon some other article;
unrepublican, in that it deliberately j
seeks to injure and Interfere with a
home industry by lowering tariff rates
which protect that Industry, and thus
directly inviting and stimulating a for
eign industry. The treaty, he says,
violates both the principle of the tariff
for revenue and tariff for protection."
One of the strongest objections to the
bill lies against the*extraordinary sup
plemental provision prohibiting the
House of Representatives from making
any further reductions in the duty on
sugar during the life of the treaty.
Legislation such as is proposed in this
bill, he declares, will assuredly anger
and alienate other friendly powers.
TEXT OF MINORITY REPORT.
The minority report, signed by four
Democratic members of the Ways and
Means Committee, states that the bill
should be amended by striking out the
provision that no reduction in sugar
duty should be made during the life of
the treaty, declaring that one Congress
has no right to bind succeeding Con
gresses, and, by inserting an amend
ment, striding out the differential on
refined sugar. .-. ' t
passed in other countries in retaliation I
for the Dingley act. He. insisted that
unless concessions were made from the
present tariff before long - all \ Europe \.
would be combined in commercial war
fare against the United States. He dis- [
cussed Chamberlain's policy, saying I
that 55 per cent of our foreign trade j
was with the United Kingdom and her \
colonies, all of which, he said, was t
jeopardized by this policy. Swanson j
then discussed the evil 'which he said j
resulted from the failure of this coun
try.to negotiate. a treaty .with Canada.
The exclusive policy of the Dingley act,
he declared, would destroy our for- !
elgn commerce, arfd" he remarked that j
the Republican party would never mod
ify it. •.
REPUBLICAN LEADER WHO REPORTED RULE GOVERNING DE
BATE ON THE CUBAN* BILL, WHICH OPENED THE CONTEST
OVER RECIPROCITY TREATY IN LOWER HOUSE OF CONGRESS.
LONDON. Nov. 16. — The Prince of
Wales arrived at Portsmouth this even
ing. On the arrival there to-morrow
morning of the royal yacht, the Prince
of Wales will board the vessetand wel
come the King and Queen of Italy in the
name of King Edward. Later they will
go by train to Windsor. Extraordinary
precautions have been taken by the po
lice to protect tho King and Queen dur
ing: their visit here.
CHERBOURG, France, Nov. 16. — King
Victor Emmanuel and Queen Helena J of
Italy arrived here at 4 p. m. to-day on
their way, to England. After receiving
the British naval officers belonging to
the escorting fleet, the King an .-' Queen
embarked on the royal yacht .ctoria
and Albert. The French flags.iip then
fired a salute of twenty-one guns and all
the French nnd British vessels present
followed suit. The royal yacht, escorted
by British war vessels, will leave hero
to-morrow morning and will probaNy
arrive at Portsmouth about 10 o'clock.
Off Portsmouth In Name of
Edward .VII.
Italy's King and Queen to Ba Greeted
PRINCE WILL WELCOME
THE ROYAL GUESTS
Inquiry was made at the Treasury •
Department to-day concerning a report j
that alleged irregularities in the San j
Francisco customs service were to be 1
investigated. The reply was that there '
would be a general inspection of all ¦
custom-houses, but that it did not ap- !
pear that there was any plan for a|
special investigation of the San Fran- j
cisco , service. !
When Smith was caHed upon for an
explanation of his failure tp detect the
Illegal entry of- the goods he put the
blame .upon two of his subordinates,
who, he alleged, had been cureless in
conducting tbe»investi gallon. .The two
subordinates "W^re summoned tu Wash
ington;'but before their arrivai Smith
tendered his resignation by wire.
CALL BUREAU, 140C G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.—Con
verse J. Smith, special agent of the
customs service, stationed at Boston,
who was mentioned as the possible,
choice for Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury before the appointment of
Keep, resigned by wire to-day, f Secre
tary of the Treasury Shaw immediately
telegraphed his acceptance of the res
ignation. His resignation follows hard
upon the Inquiry made by the Treas
ury Department into the operations of
his office in connection with the case of
the Glasgow Manufacturing Company
of Boston, the alleged operations of
which have, it is estimated, cost the
Government hundreds utf thousands of
dollars. The attention of the Treasury
Department was directed to this firm
several months ago by evidence that it
was selling imported lace goods at re
markably low figures— so low as to
cause the suspicion that the goods had
not paid the full amount of duty re
quired by the Dingley law.
Smith, being the \ special agent in
charge of the investigation of irregu
larities at the port of Boston, was di
rected to investigate the case. In duo
time a report was received from him
saying that there was no ground for
suspicion and that the Glasgow Manu
facturing company was all right.
The Treasury Department was not
satisfied and Special Agents Ralph
Clayton and Solon Norton, on duty at
New York, were directed to go to Bos
ton and make an investigation entirely
independent of Smith and his force.
They did this and the result was^ the
seizure of thirteen cases of imported
•lace goods and the . accumulation of
evidence that. the department believes
to be sufficient to convict members of
the Glasgow Manufacturing Company
if not also some men connected with
the Government service.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Federal Officials and. Members of a
Manufacturing Company Prob
ably Will Be Prose
cuted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— A cable
pram received at the Navy De
partment to-day from Rear Admiral
Evans, commanding the Asiatic Sta
tion, announced the sailing to-day of
the protected cruiser Albany from Yo
kohama, Japan, for Chemulpo, the port
of Seoul, the Korean capital, where
United States Minister Allen is pro
ceeding to further the request of the
United States for the opening to the
¦world's commerce of the Korean port
of Wiju, on the Yalu River.
It appears from the records of the
Navy Department that Wiju was se
lected by the United States as a pros
pective port instead of Yongampho be
cause, lying forty miles above the lat
ter port, which is at the mouth of the
Yalu River, the country within that
limit likewise will be opened to traffic
and neutralized, a substantial • gain in
the extent of the market afforded.
The long-expected trade treaty be
tween the United States and China,
which was negotiated in Shanghai by
the American Commissioners and the
Chinese representatives, has just
reached Washington and is now under
examination by the State Department
officials. It is the Intention to submit
the new treaty for ratification to the
Senate at the earliest possible moment.
In brief, the important provisions are
those opening to trade the Chinese
ports of Moukden and one In Manchu
ria.
United States Pressing Its Bequest
for Opening of a Port.
— »
CBUTSEB GOES TO KOREA.
OMAHA. Neb., Nov. 16.— Appropria :
tions for the foreign missions in the
United States was the subject consid
ered by the general missionary c6m
miuee of the Methodist • Episcopal"
church this morning. Perhaps the most
interesting discussion concerned a pror.
posed increase to the Pacific Japanese
Mission, which includes the work
among the Koreans in the Hawaiian
Islands. The discussion brought out
the statement that the Japanese Gov-'
ernment, fearinj? that the increased Im
migration of Japanese to those islands
might bring about exclusion laws .of.
some kind, has by indirect means'
BTeatly restricted this immigration;.
The restriction had, it was stated, led.
the planters to appeal to- Korea; for
10.000 field laborers. A large number,
of Koreans have responded, among 1
them many converts to the Methodist,
faith, and as a result a Korean church
has been started-- . The committed' toV
day finally /appropriated | J52S0 for : the*
Pacific Japanese- Mission. Among other
expropriations- made were the follow-"
lr.er: ; '• j "^ - .' " ; .•
For Spanish i work — New.. Mexican
Spanish Mission, $16,725; Porto. Rico
Mission, $20,000;. .Southern California,
$1300. , . ' ;-.•.•. ¦
For Chinese work — California*' $11^000;
Now York. $1500: Oregon, $120"0; South
ern California, $1200; New Mexico, $500.
Appropriations made to conferences
include the. following: p.
For Italian work— California, $1000.
For Finnish work — California, $500.
For work among American Indians —
California. ?1150.
Nevada — Mission, $1400.
The conference closed its session to
meet a year hence in Boston.
Committee Makes Appropri
ations for Posts in
the Country. \ 4
Special A^ent Smith Tele
graphi Resignation to
• Washington.
Sensational . Sequel to
Customs Inquiry at
Boston.
.VALLEJO, Nov. 16.— On the trip up
from Honolulu to the navyyard
the distiller ship Iris brought the
remains of the late Paymaster Stew
art Rhodes, U. S. N. News of his
death at the United States Naval Hos
pital at Honolulu as a result of an
operation for appendicitis was con
veyed to his mother a couple of weeks
ago through a cablegram received by
Commander F. J. Drake, at whose
home, on Mare Island, she has been a
guest for some time past.
When the Iris reached the yard the
body was taken to the hospital building
and there lay in state until yesterday
afternoon, when, at 3 o'clock. It was
taken down to the tug Unadilla. a com
pany of marines and the Mare Island
station band acting as escort. Aboard
the tug brief services, at which were
present most of the officers and ladies
of the yard, were held at 3:30 o'clock.
Chaplain A. A. McAlister officiated. At
the close of prayers "taps" was sound
ed, and immediately thereafter the
Unadilla, with her colors at half mast,
steamed slowly toward San Francisco,
where the remains were placed in a
vault at the Presidio. They will be
shipped later to Cleveland, O., where
the Interment will be made. .
After Impres3ive Ceremony
Tug Conveys Remains
to Presidio.
Reports of the Metho
dist Church : Show
Many Converts.
Services at Mare Island
for Late Stewart
Rhodes.
FRAUDS COST
GOVERNMENT
VAST SUMS
MONEY FOR THE
KOREA MISSION
NAVAL OFFICERS
RENDER TRIBUTE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, KOYEMBER 17. 1903.
Forces of F; Augustus Heinze and the ; Amalgamated Com
: ;p3ny Are'Prepafing for the Decisive Battle That Will
Be Fought; at Extra Session of Montana's Legislature
WAR OF THE CbtPERvKINpS >
IS TRANSFERRED TO JHELENA
Rule Giving Reciprocity Measure Right of Way and Pro
viding for a Vote on Thursday Is Adopted, Six Republi
cans Joining Minority in Futile Opposition to Programme
PARTY LEADERS IN HOUSE
OPEN CUBAN BILL DEBATE
2
DE. PIERCE'S RE21EDIES.
2iatboionial
comedy of the
thanksgiving
TUBKEY
You'll Boar With Laughter at
This Story in the
NEXT' SUNDAY CALL
$500 REWARD FOR WOMEiN
WHO CANNOT BB CUSXD.
Backed up by over a third of aceatttry
of remarkable and uniform cures, a record
such as no other remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses peculiar to women ever
attained, the proprietors and makers of Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription now feel
fully warranted in offering: to pay $500 ia
legal money of the United States, for any
case of Lencorrhea, Femals Weakness, Pro-
lapsus, or Falling of Womb which they
cannot cure. All they ask is a fair aad
reasonable trial of their means of core.
ft %^o*» »
« There are thousands of sick women draKtef
out a weary, miserable existence, who would b*
well and happy did ttaev but have my experi-
ence with Dr. Pierce'a Favorite Prescription,*
writes Mrs. Annie Leamaa, of 106 Jackson St.,
Atlanta, Ga. "Four years aro I was nearly
dead with inflammation and ulceration. I en-
! durcd daily untold aronjr, and life was a burdca
to me. I had used medicines internally and
externally until I had made up my mind that
there was no relief in si?ht for me. A friend of
mine endorsed your * Favorite Prescription,' and
I determined then to give it a trial; It took
patience and perseverance for I was in a bad con-
dition, and had to use your medicine for nearly
four months before I was cored, but what a'
chanjre it brought ; from despair to happiness "i
from misery to the delightful, exhilaratfaar feet-
ing that only health brings. I would not change?
back for a thousand dollars. Your •Prescrip-
tion* is a grand medicine, I wish every dot
woman would only try it and be conTraced."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical'
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of si one-cent stamps. Addrea*
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buflalo, N.yTMen love neither wise women nor wits,
No man is as quick witted as is a wo
man when her pride is stung. -\
Of the Southern Pacific now run in both di
rections dally, except Sunday, leaving Berry
raan 7:05 and 8:05 a. ¦ m. and Berkeley • 7:08
and 8:CS a. m. : returning, leave San Fran
cisco 5:30 and 0:00 p. m. •
Berkeley Flyers
Dwight J. Burnett, a pioneer and son
of the late Peter H. Burnett, the first
Governor of California, die'd yesterday
at his home In Visitacion Valley. 'Old
age and general debility were too much
for his feeble constitution to combat and
he passed quietly away, surrounded by
many of his relations. .
Burnett came to Oregon with his
father in 1843. Six years later he moved
to California, at the time when the min
ing excitement was at its height and has
resided in various localities in the State
since then. He engaged in mining, agri
culture and mercantile business at dif
ferent times, but retired several years
ago. He leaves a widow, four sons.
George S.. Frank W., Armstead D. and
Peter H., and two daughters, Harriet M.
Burnett and Mrs. Romie B. Hutchison.
Attorney John M. Burnett, a brother, and
Mrs. Letitia M. Ryland and Mrs. W. T.
Wallace, sisters of the deceased, also
survive him. Deceased was a native of
Tennessee and 74 years 5 months of age.
Ho arrangements .have yet been made
/or the*, funeral.
Dwight. J. Burnett, a Pioneer of
1849, Is Called to Join
the Majority.
EON OF STATE'S FIRST
GOVERNOR PASSES AWAY
On reaching Third street seven of his
wards were missing. As but a few
Frank Kyselka, superintendent of
the Hoopa Valley Indian reservation,
and F. J. Gehringe, an instructor of the
same institution, • arrived from the
north yesterday morning with fourteen
Indian children destined for the River
side school. The youngsters are a
bright lot and availed- themselves, of
the better part of the day In seeing the
sights of the big city. They were awed
by the tall buildings and greatly
amused by the mysterious movement of
the cable cars up and down . Meftket
street and finally were permitted to en-
Joy the novel experience of shooting up
to the top of a skyscraper in an eleva
tor.
Late in the afternoon Superintendent
Kyselka and his wife, aided by. In
structor Gehringe, got their youthful
charges bunched In front of the Grand
Hotel and a few minutes later the In
dians were' hurriedly hiking up Market
street toward Third, where it was in
tended that they should board a car
bound' for. the depot; at Third, and
Townsend . streets, where they were to
have taken a train for the south. Mar
ket street was crowded . at that .hour
by pedestrians orr their way home from
work, and before" Kyselka realized .it
his wards had become mixed up in the
mass of moving humanity and were out
of sight. "- . . ;/"¦:
Leave Hoopa Valley Reservation to
¦ v Enter School in Southern
California.
INDIAN YOUNGSTERS
BOUND FOB BIVEBSIDE
REDDING, Nov. 16.— An old man
named William Ross was drowned in a
small stream near the Fall River Mills
Electric Light Works to-day. Ross had
fallen into the stream and was drowned
in six Inches of water. Foul play was
at first suspected, but at the investiga
tion accidental death was clearly
proved. Ross* body was found by Died,
rick Knock. The stream' ran, through
Knock's field. Several witnesses, were
examined and all testified that in their
opinion Ross met his death accidentally.
It was deemed inadvisable to call the
Coroner.
The unfortunate old man was a pio
neer of the Fall River country and at
one time had large bands of cattle on
the ranges. He lost all in a heavy snow
storm. He had no known relatives in
this country and was burled by the
people in the community. •
Pioneer of the Fall River Country
Loses Life in a Shallow
Stream.
AGED HAN IS DROWNED
IN SIX .INCHES OF WATER
About 180,000,000 pieces of gum were
consumed by the American people In
twelve months. Approximately, this is
two sticks and a ha!f of gum to each
rr.iii:. woman and child.
In the Divorce Court.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted yesterday to Fred W. Clark
SEATTLE. Wash., Nov. 16.— A special
cable dispatch from Sitka, via Skag
way, says: The overdue steamer Dis
covery arrived here at 11 o'clock this
morning. She had experienced very
rough weather.
Steamer Discovery at Sitka.
from Agnes Ethel Clark for desertion.
Alexander Rice from Margaret Rice for
Infidelity, Penelope Harper from Frank
S. Harper for neglect, Carrie Melnen
from Anton Meinen for desertion and
John J. Leek from Frances Leek for
desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed by Alice
Kelleher against Thomas J. Kelleher
for desertion, E. M. Ivy against Frank
M. Tvy for neglect, Jennie J. Spur
rier against W. W. Spurrier for cruel
ty. Louise Goodrich against Herschel
Goodrich for desertion. Henriette Hess
against Leopold Hess for desertion and
Orlando Macey against Sarah A. Macey
for desertion. *i-r
It's a foolish woman who makes an
other woman her confessor.
minutes remained in which to catch
the train he bundled the remaining In
dians aboard a car and, after seeing
them safely on the train and in the
custody of Gehringe, he returned to the
Palace. He was sure that his missing
youngsters had taken their bearings
during the day and would return to
that hostelry before many hours had
passe'd and his conflder.ee was not mis
placed, for about 7 o'clock the' Indians
began to put in an appearance, and
were finally counted, fed and put to
bed. To-day .they will follow the bal
ance of the band to Riverside.
On the steamer with Commissioner Eis
ler will sail F. B. Candler, attorney for
Mrs. Oelrichs and Mrs. Vanderbilt, and
H. M. T. Beekman, counsel for Mrs.
Nelson.
Court has been held by Eisler m Mrs.
Nelson's home in Caldwell, N. J. Mrs.
Nelson Is 73 years of age. The shock of
her daughter's tragic death made her dan
gerously ill, it is said, and her physician
was in constant attendance at all the sit
tings of the commissioner. •
Mrs. Nelson testified that after her hus
band's death she was Induced to go to
San Francisco, where the agents of Mrs.
Herman Oelrichs and Mrs. W. K. Vander
bllt Jr. induced her to relinquish her
claim to the $8,000,000 estate by alleging
fraudulently that they had cablegrams
showing that Mrs. Fair died instantly and
her husband survived her, which. If true,
would destroy Mrs. Nelson's right to the
estate. As a result, she accepted $125,000
to sign over agreements relinquishing her
rights, she says.
Two of the Paris witnesses to be ex
amined are physicians— Albert Perrlquet
and Henri Chateau. The others are M.
Martlngay, Emile Menard, Jules Taupln,
Ferriand Bolson, Martinal Hourde, Pau
line Hourde, Eugene Benslre and H. de
Bornoll.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16.— Fraud and mis
representation on the part of the agents
of the Vanderbllt and Oelrlch Interests
in the estate of the late Charles Fair,
are charge by Mrs. Hannah F. Nelson,
mother of the late Mrs. Fair, in a deposi
tion to be filed to-morrow in the Supreme
Court by Bela D. Eisler, special commis
sioner appointed by Justice Barrett to
take testimony of witnesses connected in
any way with the automobile accident by
which Mr. and Mrs. Fair lost their lives
near Paris. Commissioner Eisler will sail
to-morrow on the Kaiser Wllhelm II for
Paris to take the testimony of ten wit
nesses.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16. — The
crowning event in the centennial an
niversary of the historic New York
avenue Presbyterian Church in this
city occurred to-night, when a public
meeting was held which was attended
by many of the best known officials
in the city. They included President
Roosevelt and Secretary Hay, both of
whom made addresses; Secretaries
Moody, Shaw, Hitchcock and Cortel
you, Attorney General Knox, the
greater number of the Justices of the
Supreme Court of the United States
and Senator Frye. Justice Harlan pre
sided. The President and Secretary
Hay occupied the Lincoln pew and
both had something to say of the mar
tyred President, Secretary Hay's brief
address being confined exclusively to
that subject. President Roosevelt said,
in part:
"We can divide and must divide on
party lines as regards the vital ques
tions. We cannot afford to divide, but
I have the right to challenge the best
effort of every American worthy of the
name to putting down by every means
in his power corruption in private life,
and, above all. corruption in public life.
And, remember you, the people of this
government by the people, that while
the public servant, the Legislature, the
executive officer, the Judge are not to
be excused if they fall short of their
duty, yet their doing their duty cannot
avail unless you do yours. In the last
resort we have to depend upon the Jury
drawn from the people to convict the
scoundrel who has tainted our public
life, and unless that jury does its duty,
unless It Is backed by the sentiment of
the people, all the work of legislators,
of executive officer, of judicial officer
is for naught.
"It would be trite to say anything
about Lincoln and yet I am going to
point to one thing: In reading his
works and speeches, his addresses, one
is struck by the fact that as he went
higher and higher all personal bitter
ness seemed to die out of him. In the
Lincoln-Douglass debates one can still
catch now and then a note of personal
antagonism; the man was in the arena
and as the blows were given and taken
you could see now and then that he
had a feeling against his antagonist.
When he became President and faced
the crisis that he had to face from that
time on I do not think that you can
find any expression, a speech of Lin
coln, a word of Lincoln, written or spo
ken, in which bitterness is shown to
any man. His devotion to the cause
was so great that he neither could nor
would have feeling against any indi
vidual."
SAN* DIEGO. Nov. 16.— Fire this after
noon destroyed the entire roof cf St. Jo
sephs Catholic Church, which Is the larg
est in the city. The loss will be between
JTQOC and 58000.
The fire started in a small storeroom at
the left of the altar and pulpit and the
exact cause is likely never to be known.
There was no one In the church and there
has been no fire of any kind in the store
room for days. Matches and candles
were stored there and some are inclined
to tind a cause in mice and matches,
since it is hard to explain the fire in any
other way.
The flames found a way upward in a
t-mall closet which reached the top of the
room and made a way into the large open
ppace between the celling of the audito
rium and the metal roof. There the fire
found plenty to feed upon and it could not
b*> reached easily cr quickly by the fire
men. Most of the supporting trusses and
rafters were burned out so that the roof
dropped to some extent in two or three
places. It is probable that the entire roof
¦will have to come off and be rebuilt. The
damage to the Interior was by water and
It was heavy.
Sprcltl Dlf=p*trh to The Oil.
Statesmen Attend Anni
versary of Historic
Church.
Mrs. Nelson to File De
position Alleging
Fraud.
Disastrous Fire in Re
ligious Edifice in
San Diego.
FLAMES RUIN
A CHURCH ROOF
HUNDRED YEARS
OF G000 WORK
REOPENS FIGHT
FOR FAIR ESTATE
Senator^ Lodge's son-in-law, Captain A.
P. Gardner, comes , to /Washington . from
He wrote his acceptance oi' " the ap
pointment on a piece of birch bark, and
from that time out has been known as
"Birch Bark" Bede. Bede comes to Con
gress under Republican auspices. He is
a newspaper man, formerly wrote "edito
rial paragraphs for a Washington paper,
and is now running a weekly the sub
scription price of which is but 25 cents
a year, but which is taken by practically
all the politicians In the Northwest. In
1S90 he made a speech in a political con
vention that stamped him as a humorist.
His friends say that he Just can't help
being funny, and that he will make a
bigger hit than did "Private" John Allen,
of Mississippi, • whose retirement to the
shades of Tuepole robbed Congress of Tts
leading performer in this line.
Halver Steenerson, of the Ninth Min
nesota District, will be pointed out as
the man who once seconded the nomina
tion of James G. Blaine In a national
convention. He is a lawyer, more than
six feet tall and of striking appearance.
The retirement of Kahn and Loud is
much regretted here. Mr. Kahn won a
high place of influence in the House,
while Mr. Loud's service as the head of
the Postofflce Committee for many years
has been of the most valuable and im
portant character.
Chairman "Dave" Mercer of the'Public
Buildings and Grounds Committee went
down to defeat in Nebraska before Wil
liam J. Bryan's close political and person
al friend, Gilbert M. Hitchcock, editor of
the Omaha World-Herald. | Mr. Bryan and
Mr. Hitchcock were editorially associated
on this paper, and the latter practically
was the Democratic Presidential candi
date's personal representative at the Kan
sas City convention. Hitchcock is about
40 years old. .;
Alfred Lucking of Detroit will be an
other character. ;, Lucking's victim .was
Representative Corliss, whose advocacy of
a Pacific cable brought/down upon" him'
the influence of such forces as made his
re-election Impossible." Lucking Is a law
yer and a partner of the present Mayor of
Detroit Ho is a man of ability. He has
never, taken , before more than a local or
State interest. in active, politics, but is a
straightout Democrat. - ' .- . . '
CAN'T HELP BEING FUNNY.
The prophets see in J. Adam Bede, of
the Duluth district, the- wit of the present
House. Bede's career, like Ltnd's, Is a
varied one, especially its political end.
Beginning as a Prohibitionist, it did not
take him long to throw a handspring into
the Democratic ranks, and from there tho
Republican party was reached by easy
stages. President Cleveland appointed
him as the compromise candidate for
United States Marshal of Minnesota.
F. B. Harrison, a Democrat hailing
from the Thirteenth New York District,
is a son of Mrs. Burton Harrison, whose
husband was the private secretary of
Jefferson Davis. He comes from the
fcwell Fifth-avenue negihborhood, and
he himself is quite a social leader.
Minnesota will manage to keep herself
well to. the front by the changes and
additions she has made in her delega
tion. Perhaps the most interesting feat
ure of the election out that way was
the return of ex-Governor John Llnd to
Congress, after an absence of some years.
His eourse will be watched closely, be
cause it has been predicted that, though
elected as a Democrat, he will take an
independent attitude. This prediction is
based upon the fact that his speeches
during the campaign were rather favor
able to President Roosevelt, and because
in his time he has been Republican, Free
Silver Republican, Popul'st and Demo
crat. His friends think it is about time
for him to start around the circle once
more. Mr. Lind is a self-made man and
is a ready debater. He is a native of
Sweden, but has been in this country
since childhood. It is thought that he has
his eye on the United States Senate as
the successor of Knute Nelson, with
whom he has been at strife for a long
time. Lind succeeds in Congress Loren
Fletcher, a well-known Republican mem
ber, who was renomlnated, but failed of
election.
His nephew, "Little Tim" Sullivan, is
an Assemblyman, and the whole Sullivan
family are in politics one way or another.
The annual picnics, fathered and paid for
by "Big Tim," are famous. The new
Congressman is no orator, but he talks
plainly and to the point. He talks a
sort of Bowery dialect, but not the kind
you read in the New York papers.
FROM., THE SMART SET.
Its consistent practice has made him a
power In that great political organization
Tammany Hall, and by many he is cred
ited with being the most influential of its
members. At the age of 42 Sullivan,
though himself a seller of liquors, never
touches them himself; neither does he
smoke. His only vice is gambling, and of
this he makes no concealment. He will
bet on anything at any time— and almost
Invariably loses. He runs a theater and
is the president of a beer pump company.
In New York he can always be found at
one of two places— at the Occidental Hotel
on the Bowery, where he lives, despite
his income Is something near $50,000 a
year, or holding up the iron railing in
front of the Gllsey House.
Of course, it was his famous East Side
constituency that sent him there, as it
also sent him to Congress. He looks after
the folks in his neighborhood as a father
cares for his children— buys them food
and fuel and clothes, pays the. doctors'
and undertakers' bills, loans and gives
money and bails out or pays the fines of
those of his friends who happen to get
tangled up in the meshes of the law. It
Is this .broad-minded, indiscriminate and
unquestioning philanthropy upon which
the power of Sullivan is founded, and a
very substantial foundation it is.
"BIG TIM" A PATRIARCH.
CA.LL BUREAU, 1406 G Street N.
TV., Washington," Nov. 16.— The
386 men who compose the
House in the Fifty-eighth Con
gress, now in extraordinary session, af
ford an interesting study. Among them
are many who return to Washington
year after year and their services here
have made their names household
words throughout the land; but there
are many new faces that have yet to
make their impress upon the public.
The old graybeards of legislation, like
Payne and Cannon and Dalzell and Hep
burn and Grosvenor, and the oratorical
wonders, like Cousins of Iowa and Clark
of Missouri and Williams ' of Mississippi
and Littlefleld of Maine, are sure to
attract the attention of the galleries, but
before the session is closed from among
thy members whose names are now mean
ingless to the great mass of the Ameri
can public may come personalities whom
fame will claim as her own. Certainly a
cursory glance at the list of candidates
who were successful in the Congressional
contests leads to the belief that the lower
house has been enriched by no small num
ber of interesting and original figures.
New York City contributes two new
members, who for one reason or another
will be observed with interest Of these
two "Big Tim" Sullivan— or, as he is on
the books, "T. D. Sullivan" — should in
some respects be classed first. Sullivan
probably could not have come to Con
gress . but from one of the" great cities,
and possibly New York is the only one
of these in which he could hope to be
elected. From selling newspapers as a
boy he graduated into the saloon busi
ness, and then, having amassed no small
amount of money, he chose to go to the
State Senate for six or seven terms.
Two members of the present House
of long service who retired from mem
bership last March are Grow of Penn
sylvania and Hopkins of Illinois, the
latter of whom was transferred to
the Senate. Grow, who retired volun
tarily from public life, was first elected
to Congress fifty-two years ago and ten
years later was Speaker of the House.
He has served altogether twenty-two
years, having re-entered the House in the
Fifty-third Congress after an absence o.'
thirty years. Hopkins has been a mem
ber for eighteen years, two years les*
than Speaker Henderson's service.
Hitt of Illinois has served for twenty
two years, while Hepburn of Iowa has a
record of sixteen years' membership. Hep
burn first came in as a member of the
Forty-seventh Congress, but from the
Fiftieth to the Fifty-second Congresses,
both inclusive, he was out of public life,
returning, however, in the Fifty- third
Congress. "'• ,
Dalzell of Pennsylvania has been a
member for sixteen years. General Gros
venor of Ohio came into the House two
years before Dalzell. They are the right
hand men of the Speaker.
SOME OF THE OLD-TIMERS.
t Nearly all the old leaders of the House
have been returned . to * the Fifty
eighth Congress. ' All the chairmen >of
important committees in v . the present
House were re-elected with the ex
ception of Loud of California, chair
man of the Postofllce Committee, and
Mercer of Nebraska, at the head of the
(Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds. A large proportion of the old
members have seen exceptionally long
service in the House. General Harry
Blngham of Pennsylvania is the "father"
of the House, and at the expiration
of his term in the Fifty-eighth Con
gress will have seen twenty-six vears of
continuous service there. Two or three
other members of the House have besn
members longer than General Bingham,
but their service has not been continuous.
General Ketcham of New York was
first elected to Congress forty years ago
and at the expiration of his term in the
Fifty-eighth Congress will have served
thirty-two years in the House. Speaker
Cannon has been a member twenty-eight
years, but his service has not been con
tinuous, as he was defeated for re-election
to the Fifty-second Congress in 1S90.
Judge Badger, Democrat, who suc
ceeds Representative Tompkins, is the
man who pulled. the nose &t former Rep
resentative Lentz, who once represented
the -district in Congress. Alva Adams,
Democratic Congressman-at-Largc from
Colorado, was formerly Governor of that
State. Frank B. Brandegee of the
Third Connecticut District is one of the
most popular Republicans in the State
and the son of a former member of the
Republican National Committee.
Ollle James of Kentucky, Democrat,
is a physical giant with a' baby face and
altogether a picturesque figure. J. AJ
Sullivan, who had the distinction of de
feating Eugene N. Foss, brother of the
chairman, of the House Naval Affairs
Committee, in a Republican district in
Massachusetts, is a popular Democrat
who has long figured In politics and
won a reputation as a vote getter. With
these may be classed Representative
"Billy" Lorimer, former streetcar driver
and present Republican boss of Chicago,
¦who returns to the House after a term
spent out of Congress, in which he won
celebrity ! as the successful manager of
Representative Hopkins' Senatorial fight.
George Shlras comes here from Pitts
burg as 'a Democrat. He is a son of Jus
tice Shira's of the United States Supreme
Court and has. been for a long time a fig
ure in politics in the Smoky City.'
D. L/. D. Granger, the Democrat who
succeeded in breaking up the solid Con
gressional delegation of two from Rhode
Island, is a former Mayor ofV Providence
and a gold Democrat and protectionist.
H. O. Young, Republican, of the Twelfth
Michigan District, is a mine operator. A.
H. Jackson, who defeated Representative
Norton, Democrat, in Ohio, was formerly
a peddler and circus man.
PULLED THE NOSE OF LENTZ.
the Sixth Massachusetts District. Cap
tain Gardner comes of a rich and aristo
cratic family. He is a graduate of Har
vard, enjoys large wealth, and is a lover
of athletics and sports in general. He
made a brilliant record during the Porto
Rican campaign in the Spanish war as a
member of the staff of General j James H.
"Wilson. He received one of the medals
awarded for distinguished services in th«
Porto Rican campaign. He has been a
member of the Massachusetts Senate, and
is 35 years old. Butler Ames, from the
Lawrence district, a grandson of General
B. F. Butler, is a graduate of -West Point
and a very promising young man.
W. S. McNarj'i who succeeds Represent
ative Naphen in the Tenth -Massachusetts
District, is a well-known leader of the
Boston Democracy.
Frederick' J. Landis, the • successor of
the veteran Representative Steele in the
Eleventh Indiana District, is probably
the youngest member of the House,
being but 27 years old.' He is black
haired and black eyed and looks and
dresses like an actor. He was private
secretary "to his brother, Representative
Charles B. Landis. in the Fifty-fifth Con
gress, but went home at the end of the
session declaring that he would not re
turn to Washington save as a member ot
the House, and he has made good his
boast. His brother having been re-elect
ed, the Landis. boys from Indiana will cut
quite a figure here winter after- next.
Of course, Judge Birdsall • is pointed
out as the man who stepped in and won
out handsomely in Speaker Henderson's
district when that distinguished Iowan
withdrew from the contest. He is a good
lawyer and should make a good Congress
man.
Some of the. Old-Time Party Leaders Are Missed at the Ex
traordinary Session, but Among the New Members Are a
Number Who Are Destined to Gain National Prominence
NOTED MEN IN THE HOUSE
OF FIFTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
of in the
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
TH ANKSOI VINO OF THE
PLUMBER AND
THE BURGLAR.
BY OCTAVE THANET. -
Strangest Story You Ever Heard
coffee flavoring ertracu soda
a!l at your grocer's. If ycr
don't like them, he returns your
money.
Moneyback means Schil-
ling's Best
tea bi\ ir.g po-A-drr «pite»
Used by people of refinement
Tor over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
9£ & -\ C
<7 "
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Ajjy man or woman who wantsvsoft,
rlossy hair must be free of dandruff,
which causes falling hair. Since It has
become known that dandruff is a germ
disease, the old hair preparations, which
were mostly scalp irritants, have been
abandoned, ajid the public, barbers and
doctors included, have taken to using
Newbro's Herpieide. the only hair prep-
aration that kills the dandruff germ. E.
I>odd. Dickinson. X. D., says: "Herpl-
eide not only cleanses the scalp from
dandruff and prevents the hair falling
out, but promotes <a new growth. Herpi-
cide keeps my hair very glossy." Sold
by leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The Herpicide Co.. Detroit,
Mich.
It Can Only Be Had Where There Is
' No Dandruff.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SOFT, GLOSSY HAIR.
DB. KILHER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
| "I Feel Great!" |
® How often that is said by men who have been cured of nervous debil- JJ
• • Ity by the Di\ McLaughlln Electric Belt! They say it every day. Men g
O who nave been weak, gloomy, irresolute and who had no confidence In O
9 themselves at all are now holding up their heads in pride, with the knowl- 9
A rdpe that perfect strength is restored; that they are as good as any man 0
2 that walks, and better than any man of their size. You know you are weak £
A now, and wish you could say that you were as good as any man of your g
X size. You can if you will use this grand lnvlgorator. Z
• DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. •
5 DR. McLAUGHIJN— Dear Sir: In regard to the belt 1 purchased of you. I will ffl
™ ' eay it id the only cure I have ever, found. 1 have gained 15 pounds since I began your *j?
O treatment, and feel like another man. I can work and have the enerry to do my &
0 wcrk. Yours very truly. C. H. DREWRY, Korbel. Cal. •
O They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet •
• in the country which has not cures by Dr. McL«ughlln's Electric Belt. A
m Now what does this mean to you. dear reader? If you are not what you A
2 '.ought to be. can you ask any better proof to make you try it? Is theftje a A
Z remedy which is as simple, as easy to use. as sure to cure, and as cheap a
2- as Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You must try it. Z
zf In Justice to yourself and to those who look to you for their future hap- *?
• piness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ought not to be de- ¦*
• layed. . ./-:• '• . * . . - V •*
A ' it's as good for women as for. men. "tt'orn while you sleep, it causes no O
A trouble. You feel the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no A
A sting, no burning, as in old style belts. A
a Call to-day, or send for my beautiful book, full of the things a man 9
a likes to read if he wants to be a strong man. I send it sealed free. Cut 9
Z out this ad. q
• Tlr M C MpI nirrffclfn o 06 market street. •
• nr. lvi. c i*iLLavgniin, SA n francisco. •
® ¦¦;.'- Office Hours — 8 a. m. to 3 p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. **
DO YOD GET DP
| WITH A LAME BACK?
M&\z& You Rheumatism, Kidney,
Liver or Bladder Trouble *P
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver
and Bladder Remedy, Will Do for YOU, All Our Readers
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Pain or dull ache in the back is un- ambition, loss of flesh, sallow com-
mistakable evidence of kidney trouble, plexion.
It is nature's timely warning: to show I* y° ur water when allowed to remain
you that the track of health is not clear, undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
If these danger signals are unheeded twenty-tour hours forms a sediment or
more serious resuHs are sure «o foUowj gggg £t\£&£ZSffi£
Bright s disease, which is the worst der need i mme diate attention,
form of kidney trouble, may steal upon I n taking Swamp-Root you afforJ
yon. natural help to Nature, for Swamo-
The mild and the extraordinary effect Root is the most perfect healer find
of the world-famous kidney and bladder gentle aid to the kidneys that is known
remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamo-Rout. is to medical science.
soon realized. It stands the highest for
its wonderful cures of the most distress- b , adder specialist. Hospitals use it
ing cases. A trial will convince any with won derful success in both slieht
one— and you may have a sample bottle and severe cases. Doctors recommend
free^by mail. it £o their patients and use it in their
X was a constant sufferer for a stun- own families, because they recognize in
ber of years with back acne, rheusia- Swamp- Root the greatest and most suc-
tl«m and frequent desire to urinate, cessful remedy for any derangement of
but after usin* Dr. KUmer's Swamp- the kidney, liver and bladder.
Boot, X am entirely cured and cnaer- v I,,,.. - e ., mn i. T>^t*u «» »k;^
fully recommend Ola wonderful rem- u «»* havc , a ""^ bo " lc # ot tht3
edy to any who may suffer from these wonderful remedy. Swamp-Root sent
common complaints. absolutely free by mail, also a book
¦ Most truly yours, telling all about Swamp-Root and con-
W. O. Bally, 2d Lieut, of Police, taining many of the thousands upon
Columbus, Oa. thousands of testimonial letters receiv-
Lame back is only one symptom of ed from men and women cured In
kidney trouble— one of many. Other writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bineham-
symptoms showing that you need ton. N. Y.. be sure to sav that you read
Swamp-Root are, being oblijzed to pass this generous offer in The San Fran-
water often during the day and to get cisco Daily Call. •
up many times during the night, inabil- If you are already convinced that
ity to hold your urine, smarting or irri- Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
tation in passing, brick-dust or sedi- purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
ment in the urine, catarrh of the blad- dollar size bottles at drug stores everv-
der, uric acid, constant headache, dizzi- where. Don't make any mistake, but
ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, irregu- remember the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
jar heart-beating, rheumatism, bloating. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address,
irritability, worn-out feeling, lack of Binghamton. N. Y.. on every bottle.
There is only One (i(RB^
Genuine- SyrUp of FlgS, \ %tW J
The Genuine is Manufactured by the Altel^^
California Pig Syrup Co.
Tho full name of the company, California Rig Syrup Co, W^^^^^^^m
Is printed on the front of every package of the genuine. . M^ r i :^J^^^^^^M
The Genuine^- Syrup of Figs- is for Sale, in Original
Packages Only, by Reliable Druggists Everywhere
Knowing the above will enable one to avoid the fraudulent imita- \y rZ&0%p$® £
tiens made by piratical concerns and sometimes offered by unreliable jl
dealers. The imitations arc known to act injuriously and should \^$^^^/f|® 1
Buy the genuine always if you wish to get its beneficial effects. '^^^•V'M§ll H
It cleanses the system gently yet effectually, dispels colds and headaches fc/N^ *M M £§1
when bilious or constipated; prevents fevers and acts best on the fejfe; ji x $ H
kidneys r liver, stomach and bowels, when a laxative remedy is needed !§pr /£. jllll! fliy
by men, women or children. Many millions know of its beneficial f/^J* WM&M H
effects from actual use and of their own personal knowledge. It is the f/0f§ 1^111111
Always buy the Genuine- Syrup of Figs <&£0 J t^^^^^i
t • 'tt «> S&ivrrafvc]SCO|Cdi« «_ «» . __• . Mm
LouisYiIfe.Ky flewibrk. H^^Mm
" TKCE TOTtX CENTS, H»- SOTTXS #i ". i -.-;£^:}??lWASHINGTON, Nov. 16.-The Secre
tary of the Interior has ordered that dur
ing the season of 1904 only. 500 head of cat
tle and horses be allowed in the western
division, of the Washington forest re
serve in Washington State: 1200 in the
western division of. the Pine. Mountain
and Boca .. Lake reserve in California,
and 650 head in the Santa Ynez reserve
In California.
Limits Number of Cattle.
OAKLAND, Nov. 16.— George W.
Carthew, accused of being a forger
wanted for swindling a bank In New
York out of $100,000, and who has been
serving a^thirty days* sentence for va
grancy here, was liberated to-day and
lost no time in sinking from public
gaze. If the persons Interested in hi*
capture want him now they will have
to trail as best they may.
Carthew Is Liberated.
Confederate bills have been freely
passed during the last few weeks by two
young men who as yet have, not been
captured. The victims of the* swindlers
have invariably been Italian fruit sellers,
from whom the men ordered fruit, to ba
sent to an address which turned out to
be an unoccupied dwelling in each In
stance. The denomination of the bills
tendered for payment of the fruit were
$10 and $20", and the change * has been
readily given. The Italians have made
complaint to the police, who are now in
vestigating the matter. :
Circulate Confederate Bills.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Nov. 16.— The following
marriag* licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Thomas Adams, 23,
Red Bluff, and May Mathls, 19, Oakland;
William D. Hunt and Marie A. Corana!
the last named 19. both of Oakland: Man
uel Nunes. 24. and Mary Silva. 1%. both of
San Leandro; Charles WInckelman, 33,
and Helt-n A, Haukin*. 21, both of San
Frandsro: Joseph Miller, over 21, and
Fanr.ie Bartell. over 18, both of San Lean
dro; John E. Simmons*, 40, Belmont. Wis.,
and Kar.nie B. Hall, 39. Berkeley; Frank
O. Schullert*. 26, and Clara A. Rowse, 23.
both of Oakland.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 16.— Ladles will be
the guests of the Unitarian Club
Wednesday night, when the organiza
tion will celebrate the seventh anniver
sary of its formation with an elaborate
musical programme. Among the talent
to participate are Cantor Stark, Miss
Daisy Conn, Newell E. Vinson, August
Hinrichs, Raymond Bone. William
Rickey, William <Wertsch, Wallace A.
Sabin and Miss Ada Clement.
Unitarian Club Ladies' Night.
After wishing friends and enemies
health and happiness MacDonald says
he wishes -Inis Tentry to have his kit
ten, as he had not the heart to kill it
He wanted his electric light and tele
phone bills paid and John Streightif to
put his Odd Fellows' regalia on his
body and see that It is cremated and
his ashes scattered to the winds. He
leaves a little money to his aunt, Mies
Christina MacDonald, and to Miss
Anna Thamm. The amount is not
stated. -:.„•"..,-.
OAKLAND. Nov. 16.— The farewell
letter found on the person of John Al
lan MacDonald, who committed suicide
In West Berkeley a few days ago, was
filed to-day with the County Clerk as
his will by Public Administrator Gray,
who petitions the courts for letters of
administration on. the estate.
MacDonald Makes Disposition of His
Kitten and the Little Coin
He Owned.
SUICIDE'S LETTEB FILED
AS HIS LAST WILL
A large delegation of the members of
the several circles of the Order of Druld
esses of this city met last night in
Druids' Hall for the purpose of arranging
the details for a one-night fair and ball
to be given in Washington-square Hall
on the night of December 6. The several
committees appointed at a previous meet
ing reported that each circle will have
charge of some particular feature during
the fair, such as the flower booth. Ice
cream booth, gypsy's tent, a wonder mu
feum and a cabinet of antiquities and
novelties. The. committee on ball an
nounced that at the next meeting it will
announce the reception and floor commit
tees and the floor manager and assistants.
Those who are most active In this affair
are Mrs. Rose Peters, Mrs. Louise Zazzi.
Mrs. Frances J. Williams, Mrs. Julius S.
Godeau, Mrs. Marie J. Molinari, Mrs.
Emma Wedemeyer, Mrs. Virginia Cer
valll. Mrs. Martin. Mrs. McKeown, Mrs.
Lacaze, Mrs. Mooser and Mrs. E. Wolff.
Druidic Fair and Ball.
A branch emergency hosnital ! was
opened at the Potrero yesterday. It Is
located on Kentucky street, betwee
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, and Is mod
ern In every particular."
A hospital for this. section of the city
has been the principal aim of Chief Sur
geon Edwin Bunnell. He appreciated the
necessity of a hospital in that thickly pop
ulated section. In the daytime more than
ten thousand men are engaged in hazard
ous employment In the neighborhood, and
If injured must be conveyed a great dis
tance for treatment. This will not.be
necessary in future, as physicians will
be In attendance to look after ths in
jured.
The hosnital Is fitted up with a ward
for patients, a reception-room and office,
an operating 1 room and quarters for the
stewards and drivers. There is a stable In
the rear. The latest apparatus used by
the Fire Department will be Installed In
order that the horses may be hitched In
stantaneously.
Acting under the authority of the Board
of Health.. Chief Surgeon Bunnell Jias as
signed the following staff to the new hos
pital:- Dr. George L. Painter; steward.
Robert Doeffner: drivers, J. Meisner and
J. Leuterdt. The ' surgeon will be at
the hospital from 8 a. m. .to 5 p. m.
After the. latter hour all cases will bo
taken to the Emergency. Hospital or the
City and County Hospital.
Much-Needed Institution Is Estab
lished in Thickly Populated
Section. <
POTRERO HAS BRANCH
EMERGENCY HOSPITAL
OAKLAND. Nov. 16.— Walter D. Gra
ham dlfd lant night at Fabiola Hospital
from Injuri-s received In a runaway acci
dent in Alarneda. The deceased was a na
tive of England and leaves a wife, who
resides at S30 Thirtieth street. Ha was
30 years of age.
Graham's Injuries Prove Fatal.
It was also shown that during last term
the grove added to Its membership by
initiation. After an address by the
noble grand arch and the grand secretary
there was nn adjournment to Ihe ban
quet hall, where supper was served. Past
Supreme Arch Louis G. Shord was the
toastmaster, but before he could call for
responses to toasts there came a surprise
in the nature of an unexpected visit by
Grand Arch Duchess Mrs. Louise Zazzl
of the circle branch of the order, Past
Grand Arch Druidess Mrs. Frances J.
Williams and many of the members of
the ladies who are working for the grand
class initiation. The visitors were wel
comed and given seats at the table.
The toastmaster gave a brief history of
the grove and Its progress, after which
he Called upon the following named to re
spond to toasts: Noble Grand Arch Beck,
Past Noble Grand Arch L. F. Durrand,
Grand Arch Druidess Mrs. Zazzl, Past
Arch Stock, Grand Trustee Wedemeyer,
the noble arch of Templar Grove, Grand
Trustee Dr. Q. W. Sichel and many
others. It was long after midnight when
the company broke up with cheers for
Templar Grove and the grand officers.
This grove, one of the oldest In this
Jurisdiction, demonstrated by Its reports
that It Is in a prosperous condition and
that during the last term it expended a
large sum of money for the relief of dis
tressed and sick members. The work of
the order In the first degree was exempli
fied by the officers recently installed In
a manner that won for them many words
of praise.
Noble Grand Arch George Beck, accom
panied by Grand Secretary James F.
Martinonl and Grand Trustees C. F.
Wedemeyer and Dr. G. W. Sichel, paid an
official visit last night to Templar Grove
No. 19 of the United Ancient Order of
Druids. There was a large attendance of
members of the grove and of sister
groves.
Banquet Follows the Official Busi
ness and Many Guests Enjoy
the Function.
The funeral of Mrs. Weir was held at
2:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon from
St. Mark's Episcopal Church. The ser
vices were conducted by the Rev
George E. Swan, the rector. The pall
bearers were Professor E. J. Wickson
Robert Greig, C. L. Bledenbach, W, H*
Waste, A. L. Ott and John Foy. *
BERKELEY* Nov. 16.-The funeral
of Langdon P. Smith, the civil war vet
eran, who died following a shock con
sequent upon the news of the death
of Mrs. Frances Weir, was held at 1
o'clock this afternoon from the late
residence of the deceased, 2155 Vino
street. The services were conducted
by Du£ant Lodge of Masons, Oakland
Commandery of the Knights Templar
and George H. Thomas Post of the G.
A. R., with which organizations the
deceased was affiliated. The pall bear
ers were Albert L. Hart and G T
Gould, representing the Postofflce De
partment; W. H. Wiseman and H. R
Vining, representing the Grand Army
J. J. Stone and J. A. McNulty, repre
senting the Blue Lodge of Masons- F
M. Conners, M. O. Morris, Dr. J. Edson
Kclsey and H. R. Browne, representing
the Knights Templar.
Comrades of a Civil War Hero Bear
His Remains to, the
Grave.
MASONS AND VETERANS
BURY LANGDON SMITH
NOBLE GRAND ARCH BECK
VISITS TEMPLAR DRUID'S
Spink was operated upon to-day by
Drs. D. O. . Ilamlln and John Fearn,
who trepanned a compound fracture
on the right side of the skull. The
doctors think his chances for recovery
are slight.
OAKLAND, Nov. 16.— George W.
Spink, master mechanic of the San
Francisco, Oakland and San Jose Rail
way Company, who was injured yester
day while riding in an observation car
on the new system, is in a critical con
dition at Fabiola Hospital.
George W. Spink Undergoes a Seri
ous Operation and His Condi
tion Is Critical.
OAKLAND, Nov. 18.— Mrs. E. Slier and
her niece, Stella Pantosky, were thrown
from a buggy in Piedmont yesterday aft
ernoon and Mrs. Slier was painfully in
jured. The horse she was driving became
unmanageable at the approach of an au
tomobile driven by Nelson Towne Shaw
of San Francisco and overturned the
buggy, throwing the occupants down a
steep embankment. The injured woman
is a sister-in-law of Jacob Pantosky.
Thrown Down Embankment.
MASTER MECHANIC NOT
EXPECTED TO LIVE
Mr. and Mrs. Turnya, wealthy Ja
panese of Toklo, are registered at the
Palace. They are returning from a
tour of this country.
A. B. Hammond, the lumber mag
nate, returned yesterday from a sev
eral weeks' visit to Humboldt County,
where he has been looking over his
timber and railroad interests.
Gustave Duntze, American represen
tative of a wealthy wine concern of
France, arrived from New York last
evening and is the guest of Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph Campbell at the Palace.
S. W. Allerton of Chicago, a wealthy
packer, who Is also largely interested
in mining properties in the West,
among them the Golden Reward mine,
and wife arrived from the East yester
day and are staying at the Palace.
Fong Hah, an attache of the Chinese
Legation in Washington, who is taking
a course in diplomacy at Columbia Col
lege, arrived at. the Palace yesterday.
He Is on his way home to China In re
sponse to a summons to the effect that
his mother is dead.
Bernard N. Baker of Baltimore, head
of the Mercantile Marine Company and
other gigantic maritime combinations
organized by J. Plerpont Morgan,' ar
rived at, the Palace last evening. He
was here with his daughter about a
year ago and made a trip through the
Yosemlte "Valley. .
Hon. Dean C. Worcester, a member
of the Philippine Commission, who has
been in the United States for several
months on a leave of absence, arrived
from the East on the lata overland
train last night, and is registered at
the Occidental. His family preceded
him to the West.
J. M. Gardner, who is interested in
the electric road at Santa Cruz, is at
the Grand.
E. C. Carney Jr., a railroad contrac
tor of Santa Barbara, Is at the Grand.
L. F. Swift, a member of one of the
packing firms of Chicago, is 'at the Pal
ace. . * _____
J. Goldfish, a merchant of Holllster,
is among the latest arrivals at the
Grand.
Former Assemblyman C. B. Jillson of
Napa is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. H. M. Yerington of
Carson are at the Palace.
S. N. Loughlln, a stockman of Moss
Landing, is at the Grand.
Henry Kitchings Hemans of London
is registered at the Palace.
CharleB Sweezy, an attorney of
Marysvllle, is at the Grand.
J. W. Good, a rancher of Colusa, is
at the Grand.
Attorney W. H. Hatton of Modesto
is at the Lick.
Dr. and Mrs. J. M. Thomas of Manila
are at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
OAKLAND, Nov. 16.— Mrs. Alexander
Young, wife of the prominent Hawaiian
capitalist, has suffered a serious relapse
in her long illness. So critical is the pa
tient's condition that Mr. Young has
been cabled at Honolulu to return to
Oakland as quickly as possible. He left
a short time ago for the Islands. Mrs.
Young at that tlnde having Improved, and.
It was believed, was recovering.
Mrs. Alexander Young Suffers Re
lapse in Illness Which Has
Reached Critical Stage.
WIFE OF HAWAIIAN
CAPITALIST VERY ILL
CHICAGO, Nov. 16.— In the interest
of economy the managements of the
Southern Pacific-Union Pacific, the St.
Paul anji the Northwestern railroads
have decided to make reductions and
changes in the Chicago-California ser
vice, beginning next Sunday. The two
through trains which are known as
Nos. 5 and 4 will-be* discontinued as
through trains and the service between
Chicago and Denver wi'.i be rearranged,
although not diminished. The trains of
the Nbrthwestern and St. Paul rail
roads which run between Chicago and
the Pacific Coast bear the same num
bers and are united at Omaha, where
they are taken up by engines of the
Union Pacific.
The St. Paul train. No. 5, now leaves
Chicago at 9:35 a. m., and the North
western a few minutes later for San
Francisco and Los Angeles, and Port
land and Seattle. The opposite train.
No. 4, leaves San Francisco at 8 a. m.,
and arrives at Chicago at 9:50 p. m.
These trains are to be taken off.
In order that the Chicago-Denver
service may not be diminished, nor the
Chicago-Omaha service, the two rail
roads out of Chicago have decided to
put on new Chicago-Denver trains, to
be known as No. 11. These trains will
leave Chicago- at 10 a. m. on the St.
Paul and the Northwestern and will
be combined at the Missouri River, ar
riving at Denver at 2:30 p. m. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rearrangement of the
Chicago-San Fran
cisco Service.
Mrs. G. A. Dobbs was to-day denied a
divorce by Judge Ogden from Gilbert
Dobbs upon the ground that sufficient
proof had not been introduced to sup
port the charges made by her. Sh«
claimed that Dobbs had deserted her.
OAKLAND. Nov. 16.— Fred J. Ed
wards, the well-known flsh mer
chant, who conducts a large
establishment on Washington street,
has -begun suit for divorce against
Caroline Edwards on the ground of
cruelty. Meager details are given out
by Attorney Fred E. Whitney, who
filed the suit this afternoon. The re
quest was made of the County Clerk
that nothing of the nature of the case
be made public. The Edwards have
been married since 1876.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day by
Isabel R. Wentworth, who sues
Charles O. Wentworth for divorce on
the grounds of intemperance and fail
ure to provide.
Asks Court for Divorce After Twenty-
Five Years of Married
Life.
FRED J. EDWARDS SAyS
HIS WIFE IS CRUEL
Besides the many tributes from per
sonal friends the employes of ihe paper
company sent a column of roses. The
Oakland Golf Club, of which Mr. Pierce
had been an enthusiastic member, was
represented by a floral reproduction In
miniature of a "putting green."
The honorary pallbearers were C. O.
G. Miller. J. K. Wilson, E. S. Pillsbury,
J. A. Folger, George W. McNear Jr.,
Edwin Goodall, John Garber, George
L. Dillman, Harry J. Knowles and
Percy T. Morgan. The casket bearers
were office employes of the paper com
pany.
The casket was placed In th? Pierce
vault in Mountain View Cemetery.
Right Rev. William Ford Nichols,
Bishop of the Episcopal church, offi
ciated, the exercises, being in accord
ance with the established ritual. Rev.
Clifton Macon, rector of Trinity Epis
copal Church of this city, also took part
in the services, which were very simple.
There was no vocal music.
Beautiful flowers in much profusion
were laid about the bier as tokens of
sympathy and respect. The catket was
covered with a pall of ferns.
Funeral services over the late Orestes
Pierce, president of the Willamette
Pulp and Paper Company, were held
this afternoon at the Pierce residence,
103 Vernon street, where were assem
bled many friends of the family and
men prominent in business and profes
sional walks of life.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 16.
Captain Joe Nelson and Captain Jack
Jonen, two Mojave Indians, who were
brought to the university and induced to
t-peak Into phonographs, that their lan
guages might be studied and preserved,
have returned to their homes after hav
ing been away from them a month. The
work of recording these fast-disappearing
languages was undertaken by Professor
A. L. Kroeber of the department of an
thropology.
"The Subconscious" will be the subject
of the second lecture by Professor Joseph
Jastrow in his series of lectures on "Il
lustrations of Pyschological Principles."
It will be delivered in the philosophy
building to-morrow afternoon at 4 o'clock.
The San Francisco section of the Amer
ican Mathematical Society will hold Its
annual meeting in room 21, north hall,
at 11 o'clock Saturday morning next, con
tinuing at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. The
programme committee includes Professor
M. W. Haskell of the University of Cali
fornia and Professor R. E. Allardice and
Professor G. A. Miller of Stanford Uni
versity.
Professor F. W. Kelsey's lecture on
"Recent Discoveries at Pompeii" will be
given on Tuesday, November 24, Instead
of to-morrow night in Hearst Hall. _
BERKELEY. Nov. 16.— The six most im
portant native languages of the Philip
pines are ' represented in six different
pamphlets just presented to the univer
sity by Thorington C. Chase of the board
appointed by the Government of the Phil
ippines to prepare an exhibit for the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition at St.
Louis. These pamphlets are translations
of the official catalogue and information
pamphlets. of the exposition.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Many Friends Attend
Funeral of Orestes
Pierce.
OAKLAND, Nov. 16.— The City Board
of Education at a meeting this even
ing finally disposed of the charges pre
ferred against Principal I. D. MaTtin of
the Grant School by Cecil A. E. Hitch
cock, who charged that Martin had
brutally abused his son, by exonerat
ing the principal. The committee ap
pointed to investigate the affair re
ported that the charges were not borne
out by the evidence in the case and
that the teacher had exercised unusual
self-control in his dealing with the boy
and recommended that be he exoner
ated. The report of the committee was
unanimously adopted.
The resignation of Josephine G. Kelly
as a teacher in the Oakland School De
partment was tendered the board and
the same was accepted.
Director Hardy, reporting for the
judiciary committee, having in charg*
the examination of the call for a school
bond election, stated that the matter
was now In the hands of the District
Attorney and that a report was ex
pected from him in a few days.
Committee Finds Charges Against
Him Are Not Supported
by the Facts.
MARTIN IS EXONERATED
BY BOARD OF EDUCATION
' The Californian, the college dally,
also paid a tribute to Professor Syle In
the editorial columns this morning,
saying of him "that his name is dear
to hundreds of students who have had
the opportunity of listening to him in
the classroom."
President Wheeler of the University
of .California presents a eulogy of the
late Professor L. Du Pont Syle, form
erly professor of English literature and
dramatic art, in a memorial letter pub
lished to-day at the university. The
letter, reads as follows:
The untimely end of Professor Syle's
career as scholar, and teacher must
bring pain to every one who had occasion
to know his brilliant gifts and to expe
rience the helpfulness of his instruction.
He possessed undoubtedly a rare sense
for the fineness and dignity of English
dramatic literature and had shown unus
ual tact and good taste in giving English
plays a worthy setting upon the college
stage. Any one who saw the Charter
Day play of .1900 could not fail to know
that a master hand was in control. It
would. I believe, have given highest sat
isfaction to his talents and to his ambi
tion could he have developed here a de
partment of dramatic criticism and art,
using the actual representation of plays
as the concrete and practical form of
instruction, through which the theoreti
cal and ideal might be given body and
form. His natural talents as a teacher
were greatly enhanced in value by a,
natural interest which he took In the
Interest and the points of view of those
he taught. There are hosts of students
from many classes who bear thankful
ness toward him in their hearts, not only
for what he taught them, but for the In
terest he showed in their troubles and
perplexities as well as in their joys and
successes. In the face of these sunnier
memories of his work and desire we for
get the shadows that ill health brought
upon his mood and life; for the sunshine
is there forever, and the shadows are
but for a day.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street. Nov. 16. ,
President Wheeler Pays
Tribute to Dead
Teacher.
Thp Daughters of California Pioneers 1
held their regular reception in the par-
lors of Picneer Hall yesterday after
noon. The rooms were packed to the
doors with members and their invited
guests, who were pleasantly enter
tained by an address on "The Ques
tion of Macedonia," ably presented by
Professor Jerome B. Mansfield of the
University of California. Miss Lydla
Cavalli added two excellent vocal se- '
lections to the programme. They were. ]
"Parla" and "Merrily I Roam." and !
were warmly received. Miss Lucy Ad- I
ams. president, presided. At the close !
of the programme refreshments were I
F«rved and an informal reception closed
the day. y~ -/;'.; i
Lieutenant John B. Murphy-'and his
bride, formerly Miss Virginia' Rodgers
Nokes, are on their way to Fort Rus
pell. Wyo., after paying a visit to the
groom's mother in Portland.
Mr. . and Mrs. Gerard Wempe, who
are having their honeymoon abroad,
are at pre?ent in Milan, Italy. >; :
Miss Florence Benjamin, who has
been in Europe for the last year, has
just returned to her home in this city.
Miss Benjamin Is an active worker In
the Alden Club, a branch of the Inter
national Sunshine Society.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Masten are
ppending a few days at San Mateo, af
ler which they will proceed to their
home in Phoenix, Ariz.
the season
Mr. and Mrs. Truxtun Beale (nee !
uge) have cone to their ranch near
LJakerefieJd, where they will entertain j
their friends from time to time during)
Mr. and Mrs. George Newhall (nee j
Taylor) are at present in New York.
I'pon their return to the city in the
near future they will take apartments
at the Palace Hotel until their home
on Pacific avenue is ready for them.
. . .
Miss Elizabeth Livermore, -who will
make her debut at a tea to be given by
her mother, Mrs. Horatio Livermore, i
un the 2ith of this month, will be guest
Of honor at a tea which Miss Eells will
give un Wednesday.
• • •
Mrs. L. L. Baker is at Del M nte.
• • * !
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Magee will
leave for the East in the near future,
with the intention of spending the win
ter in Vermont with Mrs. Magee's sis- j
ter, Mrs. Frank Richardson Wells. :
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury has returned
from a visit to New York, where she
was extensively entertained by her
friends.
a * •
Mrs. Sidney M. Van Wyck gave her
second "at home" yesterday afternoon
at the Hotel Bella Vista and cordially
received many of her friends. The
hostess was assisted by Miss Katherine
Hall. Miss Florence Brown. Mrs. Stew
art Smith, Mrs. Spencer Brown and
Miss Van V.'yck.
Mrs. Wheeler, Mrs. W. R. Wheeler
and Miss Gertrude Wheeler gave their
second reception of the season yester
day afternoon. The apartments' of the
hostesses at the Hotel Cecil were made
artistic and pretty with red madrone
bernes and foliage. A large number of
callers were pleasantly entertained.
Those who assisted in receiving were
Miss Ardella Mills. Miss Georgine
Shepard. Miss Rickoff of Berkeley, Mrs.
S. Goar and Mrs. G. Childs-Macdonald.
* • •
The wedding of Miss Genevieve Car
vlan and Henry Williams Poett will
take place to-day at high noon at the
California-street residence of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. James
Carolan. Rev. Burr M. Weeden will offi
ciate. The bride will be attended by
Miss Emily Carolan, maid of honor,
and two ribbon bearers, little Miss Em
ily Tfmlow, the bride's niece, and Joe
Howard, son of Mr. and Mrs. Harry
Howard. The color scheme of the flow
ers and gowns worn by the bridal par
ty will be pink and white. As the wed
ding is to be a home affair, the number
of guests invited has been limited to
relatives and intimate friends of both
families.
WEDDING WILL
BE CHARMING
HOME AFFAIR
The whereabouts of the eloping couple
is not known. Walker, it is said, lived
some years ago in French Gulch, Cal.
The woman's husband is the foreman
of a big logging camp near here and
the couplo had. in the ten years they
were married. 6av«»d $1100. which was
deposited in one of the local banks. This
money the woman took with her when
n!ie fled and Dsktr is left with nothing
to thow for his married life but two
f=mall children.
SL'MPTCR. Or.. Nov. 16.— Infatuated
with a worthless gambler whose easy
manners spurned debonair and polished
brside the rougher habits of her hard
working husband, Mrs. Maud E. Baker
has eloped with WiJliam Walker.
Special Di«r«tch to The Call
SIMPLE RITES
MARK SERVICES
WASHINGTON/' Nov. 16.— Governor
Brodie of Arizona in his annual report
to the. Secretary. of the Interior urges
that the. Interior Department aid in se
curing the passage of an enabling act
for the admission of Arizona to State
hood. He says, however, that the peo
ple of the Territory would rather fore
go Statehood "ihan accomplish it by
union with any other State or part of
any other State or Territory.
The Governor recommends that Con
gress reimburse Pima County for $318,
275 for what the Governor calls "an
injustice committed by Congress in
passing an act validating certain Pima
County narrow gauge railroad bonds,
after the entire issue of such bonds
had been declared by the Supreme
Court of the United States to be in
valid - and void, and for which Pima
County had never received value.".
The Governor recommends that the
Indian school facilities In Arizona be
increased and that measures be taken
to more properly care for the gradu
ates of these schools by finding for them
proper employment; that a levee be
built to prevent the overflow of culti
vated land along the Colorado River
by the annual freshets; that a. system
of tree planting be inaugurated by the
Division of Forestry for the benefit of
the watersheds of the Territorial
streams and that irrigation projects be
pushed. \ •
The total population of Arizona is es
timated at 155,000. The total taxable
wealth aggregates $43,088,041 and the
total Territorial indebtedness is placed
at $1,064,594.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— The .pro
test of Paymaster Briscoe and Lieuten
ant Williams of the navy regarding the
' language used by Rear Admiral Evans
In reviewing the findings of the court
which tried Assistant Paymaster R-
Nicholson presented to the Navy De
partment a knotty problem. The pro
test went direct from the Bureau of
Navigation to the Secretary of the
Navy without the judge advocate gen
eral passing on it. After considering the
matter in all its details, it is said. Sec
retary Moody concluded to sustain Ad
miral Evans. Later the Secretary
changed his mind and at Secretary
Moody's instance Assistant Secretary
Darling took the matter up. It is under
stood he takes the position that Ad
miral Evans in unequivocal terms at
tacked the integrity of the members of
the court, and that, having done thia,
and if he had the evidence at hand to
sustain his charge, it was his duty at
once to order a court-martial of the
officers to whom his remarks were di
rected. Not having so acted, it is un
derstood, Mr. DarHngr holds that the
admiral was derelict in hla duty and
should be reprimanded. The matter
had reached this stage when Secretary
Moody determined to enlist the legal
talents of Secretary Root, who. It is
understood, has given his view of the
case.
It is said to-day that it is Secretary
Moody's present intention to return to
Admiral Evans the findings In the
Nicholson case, with a notification that
he had decided to dismiss the protest
of the two officers, Briscoe and Wil
liams, but warning the admiral not to
repeat the 'offense.
The matter contained in the envelopes
complained of is what is purported to be
a Register and Directory of Qualified
Veterinary- Surgeons in the State of Cal
ifornia, which list has been widely cir
culated among the stock owners through
out the State, in which purported list
the undersigned names have been pur
posely omitted, for the reason that the
undersigned did, during the session
of the last Legislature, oppose certain
measures that said association was lob
bying through the Legislature of this
State.
We ask that a hearing of this matter
be accorded us and that we be allowed to
present evidence as to improper and un
just acts of said C. H. Blemmer.
We fire, most respectfully,
GEORGE W. STIMPSON. M. O. C. V. S.,
Fresno. Cal.
W. L. WILLIAMSON. M. D. V., San
Francisco. Cal.
TOM CARPENTER. M. O. C. V. S.. Ala
meda, Cal.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 16.— Dr. Tom Car
penter, Dr. George W. Stimpson and
Dr. \Y. L. Williamson, veterinary sur
geons, believing that their names were
with malice omitted from tfle roster re
cently published by the California State
Veterinary; Association because they
opposed the enactment by the last State
Legislature of certain measures pro
posed by the association, have forward
ed the following charges against State
Veterinarian C. H. Blemmer to the
Governor:
ALAMEDA. Nov. 10. 1903.
To the Hon. George C. Pardee, Gover
nor of California: We, the undersigned,
most respectfully call your attention to
the following unjust and improper acts
of C. II. Blemmer, State Veterinarian of
California, and charge the said Blemmer
with prostituting his official position by
causing literature of a private Institu
tion, the California State Veterinary
Medical Association (which literature is
intended' to injure the business of and
destroy the good names of the under
signed, regularly licensed graduate vet
erinary surgeons, as well as others), to
be inclosed in envelopes bearing the fol
lowing print:
'California State Veterinary Medical
Association. Dr. Charles H. Blemmer.
Pres., State Capitol. Sacramento, Cal.."
thus making it appear that this private
association is an accredited institution
of this State, with headquarters at the
Capitol.
EULOGIZES LATE
PROFESSOR SYLE
Miss Henniger accompanied Fred Strub
ble, a neighbor's son, to a supper and so
cial given at the country schoolhouse,. a
short distance from the girl's home, Sat
urday evening. ..When she failed to re
turn her parents were greatly alarmed,
but as neither she nor Strubble could be
found, it was supposed that they had
eloped and would be heard from in a few
days. The discovery of the girl's remains
aroused the community, but all efforts of
the authorities to locate Strubble'a where
abouts have proven unavailing. The con
dition of the body Indicated a desperate
struggle. The girl was the daughter of
Newton Henniger, a prominent farmer.
PEORIA, 111., Nov. 16.— Miss May Hen^
niger, a prominent young lady of Bishop,
who was supposed to have eloped, was
found dead' to-day in a pasture near her
home. Her body was mutilated and half
burled.
TAKES OFF TWO
THROUGH TRAINS
A plea for mercy was made by Dun
bar's attorney, T. V. Eddy, who stated
to the court that the prisoner had
saved the, county the expense of a trial
and also that he was the only surviv
ing child of an aged mother. Judge
Ellsworth in reply said the most pain
ful part of his duty was the infliction
of suffering upon innocent persons
through the wrongdoing of those con
nected with them. For the good of the
public he stated that he believed it his
duty to put Dunbar where he could do
no harm.
John Smith, a pal of Dunbar's and
charged with the same offense, bur
glarizing a room In the Windsor Hotel,
withdrew a plea of not guilty and
pleaded guilty. He was represented by
Attorney Arthur Mack of San Fran
cisco, who asked that sentence be post
poned until next Monday.
While Dunbar is not yet 30, he has
already established a reputation for
himself as a crook and is known to
every policeman in ' San Francisco,*
where he has done most of his work.
He has seven prior convictions against
him, and his admission of two of them
in connection with the present charge
was responsible for the severity of the
sentence imposed upon him. |
The girl that fainted looked hardly
out of her teens and wept bitterly. Be
fore Dunbar can again enjoy his free
dom he will be an old man.
George Dunbar, a self-confessed bur
glar, was sentenced to twenty-five
years in j San Quentin this morning by
Judge Ogdeh. Upon hearing the sen
tence a young girl,- whose identity was
not disclosed but who was evidently in
terested in the young criminal, fainted
and had to be taken from the court
room. Dunbar himself gave no evidence
of unusual feeling in regard to the sen
tence. He did not see the girl. She re
fused to give her name or acknowledge
that she knew Dunbar.- A girl friend
who was with her,' however, said they
had come to see what "would be done
to him."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 16.
The addresses by the other players
were brief and referred mainly to the
work of the team in Saturday's contest.
Trainer Christie had something to say
about breaking the training rules and
appealed to the co-eds to help out in
the future.
Captain Overall was cheered when he
said the team had done its level best.
It was lucky and yet unlucky that the
team scored and was scored o gainst.
"The main thing," he said, "is to look
out for next year. We lose many of our
veterans. Stanford retains most of
hers. We must get a team together
that will beat them."
The varsity football men were given
a royal welcome at an Impromptu rally
this morning on the sward opposite
Harmon Gymnasium. Instead of the
regular Monday morning: drill the
"rooters," assisted by the "co-eds,"
"rooted" for the men who tried so hard
to bring back victory after last Satur
day's fight on the field. The "ifs" and
the "might have beens" were all
omitted, so that there would be more
room for the more encouraging words.
Yell Leader Philip Carey, perched
upon a box on the field, led the deep
throated and the shrill-piped. The
"oskl wows" were a little hutky, but
loud enough to be heard at Berkeley
station. Brief addresses were made by
Presldent Wheeler, Orva! Overall,
"Sam" Stow, "Little" Mini, Colonel
George C. Edwards, Walter Christie
and "Jack" Whipple.
"That was a good game Saturday,"
President Wheeler said. "The team
represented us and j, we are going to
stand by It. I have nothing to criticise
and no one should be allowed to criti
cise anything. I saw Stanford make
her first touchdown Saturday. And I
don't want to see her do It aeain. I
once saw California make a score of
30 to 0. I like 40 to 0 better. Let's
make it 40 to 0 next year.
"We have good material for a team
here next year. It grieves us to lose
a man like Overall. Not altogether be
cause he is a good football player, but
also because he Is a good man. We
will have to get somebody to fill his
place and the places of the others. We
can do it. We don't have to tave all
four-year men. A few good ones will
form the bulwark of the team and we
can develop others who will Improve
in time." •
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center street, Nov. 16.
Logg Camp Foreman Finds
Himself and Children
Penn less.
Rear Admiral's Comments on
Court; Findings Cause
a Stir.
Say Their Names Were With
Malice Omitted From
New Roster.
Executive's Report Contains
Numerous Recommen^
d at ions. ¦
Young Man Who Was Her
Escort on Fateful Night
Is Missing.
Mysterious Girl Falls in Faint
When Punishment Is
Announced.
"Rooters" and "Co-eds" Unite
in Welcoming Team
Back.
Oregon Woman Leaves
Spouse and Takes
Family Funds.
Officer on Trial Makes
Trouble for "Fight
ing Bob."
Murder the Fate of a
Young Woman Who
Disappeared.
Governor Brodie Asks
for Interior Depart
ment's Aid.
George Dunbar Is Given
a Twenty-Five Year
Sentence.
Students Gather Around
Players Who Fought
for Victory.
FILE CHARGES
WITH GOVERNOR
Veterinarians Complain
to Executive of
C. H. Blemmer.
ARIZONA'S PLEA
FOR STATEHOOD
WIFE ELOPES
WITH GAMBLER
YOUNG BURGLAR
GETS LONG TERM
EVANS' WORDS
HAVE A STING
GREET FOOTBALL
MEN WITH YELLS
CORPSE FOUND
REVEALS CRIME
THE SAN IB AKCISCO -GALL, TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 17, 3903.
I In Boston there are one and a half elec
tric lights for each person.
The United States is almost a goat
legs country compared with others, and
the importations of .' goatskins, young
and old, 'aggregate. *3,500,000 a year
which 5 represents the slaughter of
17.000,000 goats and kids. •
OAKLAND, Nov. 16.— The trial of the
Lanigan-Neeley breach of promise suit
was continued to-day and a number of
witnesses were examined and" deposi
tions read. The trial will proceed to
day. - • . . .
Lanigan-Neeley Trial.
OAKLAND, Nov. 16.— Mrs. Margaret
HarrinRton, who was the mother of Mrs.
Tyler Henshaw of this city, died Sunday
in Portland, Or. Mrs. Harington was the
wife of Colonol Hansome Harrington. She
leaves two daughters— Mrs. Hennhaw and
Miss Josephine Harrington. ¦ .-„ ¦•-'¦•-
Deputy County Clerk W. J. Ken
nedy, clerk in Judge Troutfs court;
where the Whlttell-Boyere case was
tried, was dismissed by County Clerk
A. B. Mahony yesterday for falling to
appear Saturday and explain Ms con
nection with the case. ' • -»y .
Mahony Dismisses Kennedy.
4
. BEAUTIFUL
THANKSGIVING EDITION.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL'S
SEE THE FULL PAGE
PHOTOGRAPHIC
PHANTASY
I ¦ CELE8RATID *O
A dose of the Bitters before
meals will create a healthy desire
for food and assist the stomach in
Us work of digestion. Then you'll
not suffer from Flatulency, Sour
Stomach, Sick Headache, Dyspep-
sia or Indigestion. We urge a trial
at once.
DENTAL BBIBOEWOSK.
Made tor the Com of Material «ti lh»
COZ.Z.SOS CU2TZO
AH work under tbe personal supervision ot
the Professor of Crown and Bridge "Work anJ
guaranteed 22k gold and the best materials.
EXTRACTION Free. PAINLESS M*lh«:<<»-
CLEANING Frre. GRADUATES Only.
Week Days. 0 to 9; Sundays. 0 to L
POST-GRADUATE DEVTAL COI.I.EOE
San rranciscc — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 -WMntnrton Street.
San Jose — 45 East Santa Clara Stree*.
S»cram«ito — 407 V4 J Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Well-Known Carman Dies.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Nov. 16.
<*harlcs M. Suitor, grand secretary and
treasurer of the National Brotherhood
<>r Railway Carmon. died at his home
in Kansas City to-night, aged 40 years.
The great heating capacity of gas has
been demonstrated In the small heaters
for rooms sold by San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company. 415 Post street. •
LONDON, Nov. 16.— Julia St. George,
known as the "grandmother of the
stage," whose name was a household
word fifty years ago, Is dead at the St.
Pancras Workhouse. She was SO years
of age. She played Pauline to Sir
Henry Irving's Melnotte in 1S59.
An Aged Actress Dies.
VEW YORK. NV. JC.-The Standard
Oil Company of nv> w Jersey has declared
a divided of m i,o r chare. This is an in
grea« of $2 from the dividend declared at
this time a year apo, and brings the to
t«l dividends for the jrear to 44 per cent
compared with r, rx>r tent last year
Standard Oil Dividends Increase.
PITTSBURG, Nov. 16.— Representatives
of the Amalgamated Association . of
Street Railway Employes,- of which W.
D.Mahon of Detroit Is president, made
a demand ' to-day upon President J. D.
Callery | of the Plttsburg Railways Com
pany for an -adjustment -of . wages and
hours, to \ take effect on January' l..
Demand a Wage Adjustment.
NEW YORK. Nov. 16.— London is
threatened with a general cab drivers'
strike owing to the competition of. the
"tubes," omnibuses and electric cars,
says a World dispatch from that -city!
The 1 cab drivers have asked the own
ers for. a reduction of a shilling a day
in the. cost of hire. This has been re-
fused and the "cabbies" have called a
meeting to*vote on a strike.
London "Cabbies" May Strike.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, Nov. 15.— The sec
ond trial of Daniel V. Miller of Terre
Haute, formerly assistant attorney in
the Postoffice Department at Washing
ton, and Joseph SI. Johns, an attorney
at Rockville, Ind., began to-day before
United States District Judge Thompson.
They are charged with conspiracy to
extort a bribe from John J. Ryan, a
turf commissioner, with offices at Cin
cinnati and St. Louis, for such decisions
as would allow Ryan to use the. mails
in receiving money for "betting on
races." At their first trial, had last
month, the jury disagreed.
John J. Ryan was on the stand for
four hours. His testimony was to the
same effect as at the previous trial.
Turfman Ryan Testifies Against th«
. Men He Is Alleged to Have
Bribed.
SECOND ARRAIGNMENT
OF MILLER AND JOHNS
CHICAGO, Nov. IS.-CIarence Forbes
and Kid Herman, Chicago feather
weights, fought six rounds to a draw to
night. Forbes had the better of the fight
up to the last round, when Herman suc
ceeded in evening matters up.
Clarence Forbes in a Draw.
BOSTON, Nov. 16.— Two spirited de
bates enlivened what would otherwise
have been a dull session at the conven
tion of the American Federation of La
bor at Faneuil Hall to-day. The first
was upon the question of whether the
federation should grant a charter to
the insurance agents of the country,
and after a somewhat acrimonious dis
cussion the matter was referred to the (
executive council. This was regarded i
by the delegates as a defeat of the j
l>lan to organize and charter insurance |
r. gents.
The second debate was upon the sub- '
Sect of industrial depression. It was
called forth by the report of the com
mittee on the president's report, in
dorsing the statement of President
(.Jumpers that a period of industrial de
pression was coming. Several delegates
expressed their opinion that no depres-
Fion was nrobable, but the Socialist
delegates insisted that the president's
forecast was true. They urged as a '
;»>sEible preventive not only organiza
tion on trades union lines but also the
formation of a political organization by
labor workers. ,
BOSTON. »W, 15.— Consideration of
resolutions was resumed to-day by the
convention of the American Federation
«<f Labor. The proposition to charter
the Insurance agents of the country a3
nn affiliated body was met by opposl
" tion on the ground that Insurance
toqr-nts were not wage earners and be
cause of the fear that the admission of
agents to membership might result in
.*n attempt to force insurance upon
pome of the members.
President Gompers, who took the
floor, expressed the belief that why
many unions were not well organized
was that they paid too much attention
to "this curse of insurance, which we
ere askr-d to indorse."
He declared that the trade union In
surance v.as what the union officials
should direct their attention to and for
that r<»aso» alone he did not favor
granting charters to insurance men.
The matter was finally referred. to the
committee of the executive council.
STRIKER KILLS AN OFFICER.
Drunken Man Uses Revolver When
Threatened With Arrest.
TRINIDAD, Colo., Nov. 1G.— Deputy-
Sheriff "John Hindman was shot at
Black Diamond, a Victor Fuel Company
coal camp, thirty miles south of Trini
dad, by a striker named Gouldollf, and
died from his wound this afternoon.
Gouldolif, who is said to have been un
der'the. influence of liquor, drew a re
volver and shot the officer when threat
ened with arrest.
DENVER, Nov. 16.— Contrary to the
expectation that prevailed on Saturday,
coal mining was not resumed In the
Northern Colorado coal field, the opera
tors' proposition to concede a nine-hour
day pending the result of the strike in
Southern Colorado having been rejected
by the miners. Information from the
southern field Is that neither the opera
tors nor the strikers show any signs of
weakening and a prolonged struggle is
now expected.
Because of the lack of coal, owing to
the miners' strike, the Rocky Mountain
Paper Company, has closed Its mills for
an indefinite period, throwing over 200
persons out of employment.
It Is possible that another conference
looking to, the settlement of the strike
In the Northern Colorado field will be
arranged in a few days. Both the op
erators and many of the miners were
disappointed at the failure to come to
an agreement on Saturday. The ma
jority against a settlement was so
small that it is believed that if It can
be arranged to have another ballot
taken those who. favor a settlement will
be In the. majority.
WTLIi DISPENSE WITH
FLIRTING MOTORMEN
Streetcar Company Does Not. Want
"Lady Killers" to Run
Cars.
. For several days now we have been
scanning the horizon for signs of another
outburst of wrath from crazyqullt, Jour
nals which assume to publish themselves
in the Interest of downtrodden, crushed
and despairing laboring men. The erup
tnon is due, and it is coming sure enough,
unless history reverses itself, for at last
a purseproud, stiff necked Chicago street
car company has issued an order forbid
ding Its 'motormen and conductors from
carrying on flirtations with passengers.
•We, are .further informed -by newspaper
dispatches that the heartless corporation
referred to has actually passed a rule that
It will hereafter employ no men under 25
years of age,' unless they are married.
The widespread and devastating results
of -this new, order of, things may be im
agined. ' Up.' to this . time, we understand,
motoring or conductorine a Chicaeo street
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— The Sen
ate in executive session confirmed the
following: nominations: _\
John Barrett of Oregon, Minister
i Plenipotentiary to Argentine Republic.
! John J. Jackson, New Jersey, Minis
[ ter Plenipotentiary to Greece, Rouma
nia and Servia, and Diplomatic Agent
to Bulgaria.
Stanford Newell, Minnesota, Minister
Plenipotentiary to the Netherlands and
Luxembourg.
Hamilton King, Michigan, Minister
Plenipotentiary to Siam.
Spencer F. Eddy, Illinois, secretary
of the embassy at St. Petersburg.,
Lewis Einstein, New York, secretary
of the embassy at Paris.
Philip M. Brown, Massachusetts, sec
retary of the legation to Guatemala
and Honduras.
James G. Bailey, Kentucky, secretary
of the legation of Nicaragua, Costa
Rica and Salvador.
John W. Garrett, Maryland, secretary
of the legation to the Netherlands and
Luxembourg.
, Peter Augustus Jay, Rhode Island,
secretary of the legation at Constanti
nople.
Stanton Sickles, New. York, secretary
of the legation at Brussels.
Robert M. Winthrop, Massachusetts,
secretary of "the legation at Madrid.
H. P. Fletcher, Pennsylvania, sec
ond secretary of the legation at Peking.
G. L. Lorillard, Rhode Island, second
secretary of the legation at Havana.
U. G. Smith, Pennsylvania, second
secretary of the legation at Constanti
nople.
H. F. Greene, , Minnesota, Civil Ser
vice Commissioner.
H. M. Clabaugh, Maryland, Chief
Justice of. the Supreme Court of the
District of Columbia.
J. G. Pritchard, North Carolina, As
sociate Justice of the Supreme Court
of the District of Columbia,
S. N. Dexter North, Massachusetts,
Director of the Census.
P.- S. Oliver, New York, Assistant
Secretary of War.
J. B. Vreeland, attorney for the Dis
trict of New Jersey.
To be lieutenant general — Major Gen
eral S. B. M. Young, U. S. A.
To be major general— Brigadier Gen
eral Sumner. \
Colonel George .F. Elliott, U. S. M. C,
to be brigadier general, commandant
of the Marine Corps.
Also a number of army, navy and
Marine Corps promotions and appoint
ments.
car ha» been classed as an enviable occu
pation, largely on account of the oppor
tunities It has offered for the cultivation
of social graces. ' Of course, regular
wages may have had something to do
with the matter., but it is generally ac
cepted that a "street-car job In Chi" was
a sort of stepladder from the top of which
an enterprising man might swing himself
Into exclusive, circles. And now a cruel
corporation has ruthlessly snatched the
ladder from under his feet, and dropped
him- down to a level with the rest of the
world. Possibly the new. rule may be
welcomed v by certain unfortunates who
have been Vun over while motormen were
inside their cars chatting with women
passengers, and by others frequently car
ried past their destinations. because con
ductors were engaged In discussing this
opera or original cotillon figures. But. ex
cepting for a few maimed and disappoint
ed Individuals, a great principle j is in
volved, and unless a stand is made now—
once and for all— we may expect the street
car companies of. Chicago to forbfd mo
tormen , and ' conductors to play . pinochle
durinir rush hours.— New JTork Tribune.
Insurance Question En
livens Session at
Boston.
STOCKTON. Nov. 16.— The City Coun
cil to-night passed the reform liquor li
cense ordinance recently passed to print,
restricting the number of saloons to
eighty when reductions in licenses reach
that number. The rates are unchanged.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. IS.— John H.
Stevenson, who was mistaken for a deer
Sunday by his brother, D. J. Stevenson,
died of his wounds to-day.
BERLIN, Nov. 16.— Emperor WlUl«m U
himself designing the cup that will 1m
given by him for a trans-Atlantic yacht
race.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 16. — The Supervisors
to-day entered Into a contract for the
purchase of fifteen United States Stan
dard voting machines to be delivered by
March 1, 1904. It is proposed to use
them In the San Jose city election In
May and In the spring municipal elec
tions in Santa Clara. Palo Alto and other
towns.
Several attempts to blockade cars
were made and the police were' kept
busy. At West Thirty-ninth street rail
road rails were placed upon the track
In sDite of the guard maintained* at
that point. At. the. West .Forty-sixth
street crossing of. the Belt llne : railroad
tracks switching' locomotives ArajraaA
The company started two. hollers at
the Fifty-second and States streets
power-house to-day, where twenty non
unionists have been quartered as
though in a hotel. • At the State street
power-house fifteen men had been sim
ilarly installed to ' take the places of
those who have cult.
Twelve strike breakers were smug
gled into the barns at West Seventy
seventh street and Vincennes road.
Cases are becoming numerous where
passengers who ride under police pro
tection on cars manned by. non-union
crews, it Is alleged, have been followed
by strike sympathizers after leaving
the cars and been beaten, or 1 • stoned.
The first case in which women figured
Is that of Miss Beatrice Kimbark and
her mother, who assert that they .were
thus assailed by a crowd near Thirty
ninth street and Wentworth' avenue.
Miss Kimbark has sworn out a war
rant charging. Charles Harper, a union
conductor, with having struck her In
the face. - ¦ . .
This is taken to mean an absolute re
fusal of the overtures of the State
Board of Arbitration.
A declaration of the attitude of the
Chicago City Railway Company to
ward settling by arbitration board the
big strike of railway employes was
made this afternoon by General Man
ager McCulloch. In reply to a ques
tion as to whether arbitration would
be the solution of the trouble he said:
"Nobody connected with the company
is thinking of arbitration."
WILL NOT ARBITRATE.
Although considerable interference
marked the operation of the Werit
worth-avenue branch to-day, still a
five-minute service was maintained
throughout the day and an attempt will
be made to-morrow to install a closer
schedule. Riots were frequent all along
the line, but the police charged on the
crowds with such quickness and force
that but one serious blockade w:» met
with. When the last of the twent>'-flve
cars that had been in the service
reached the barn at 4:30 o'clock this
evening It was decided to suspend fur
ther traffic until to-morrow morning.
The inquiry of the State Board of
Arbitration, asking that the difficulty
be submitted to arbitration, it. was an
nounced to-night, would be replied to
to-morrow by S. R. Bliss, counsel for
the company. The communication. It
is said, will agree to arbitration of the
wage Question only and will entirely
ignore the demands of the men that
the recognition of the union also be
submitted to the board. As the lat
ter clause in the demands of the men
has been the stumbling block all along
to a peaceable settlement of the trou
ble, it is said there Is little chance for
the present at least of a conciliatory
adjustment of the controversy.
an effort would be made to-morrow to
resume traffic on the Cottage Grove
avenue cable lines. The intention is to
start trains early In the morning and
unless too much opposition is met with
the service will be gradually increased
later In the day. Five hundred police
men will be added to-morrow to the
number already detailed to guard the
property of the company. This addi
tional force will be assigned to the Cot
tage Grove-avenue line, and the cars
will be run under the same protection
as those on Wentworth avenue. Screens
have been provided for the grip cars
to shield the gripmen and the trains
will be run at a high rate of speed In
an effort to prevent crowds from block
ing the tracks.
FIVE-MINUTE SERVICE.
. The strikers are making much of an
attack on Mayor Harrison by Clarence
S. Darrow, who was one of the counsel
for the miners In the big anthracite
coal strike and who has been one of
Mayor Harrison's strongest supporters
politically. Darrow has declared that
if the ptreet car strikers are beaten
Mayor Harrison will be responsible by
reason of having authorized the ar
rangements whereby the police ride In
all the cars that are being operated.
According to Darrow, also, the Mayor
in conducting negotiations for a re
newal of the company's franchise
could, by a little pressure, promptly
force the company to arbitrate.
ATTACK MAYOR HARRISON.
As part of the plan of the street rail
way men's union for a campaign of
education in the fight on the City
Railway, circulars were sent broad
cast to-day, dealing with the financial
features of the "richest street railway
corporation" in the country.
The body of the circular is an extract
from the Civic Federation's report on
the City Railway Company. The re
port says that In sixteen years the
company has earned 44 2-3 per cent on
the capital invested. The real value of
the company's property, . It says, is
$9,800,000. The market value Is $37,630,
000 and the original cost 512,948,000.
The State Board of Arbitration re
mained in continuous session, awaiting
a reply from the railway company re
garding the board's proffer of volun
tary arbitration.with the alternative of
compulsory investigation, which the
board is empowered to make. No word
was received, however, although -re
ports were current that the company's
reply had been mailed on Saturday
night
At a conference of the union officials
a call was issued for a meeting of the
officers, of all locals of the Amalga
mated Association to-morrow night for
the purpose of raising money to carry
on the strike. •
Linemen, dynamo tenders and repair
men were called out on strike in. sup
port of. the 'carmen to-day.
STRIKERS . USE CIRCULARS.
strings of freight cars over the street
car tracks at snails' pace. ¦
At Van Buren street a union crew in
charge of a car on the Union Trac
tion Company stopped in the path of
the strike ridden company's cars.
Teams quickly packed in around the
cars and a shouting mob surrounded
all. The blockade lasted half an hour.
Senate Executive Ses
sion Confirms Nom
inations.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 16.— Charges
were filed with Speaker Cannon to-day
by James W. Newlin against Andrew
Kirkpatrlck. United States District
Judge of New Jersey. The Impeach
ment of Judge Kirkpatrick is asked on
the ground that "he has brought ad
ministration of justice into contempt
through his being the active president
of a trading corporation." The charges
were referred to the Judiciary Commit
tee.
Charges Preferred in Congress Al
leging That Jurist Is Inter
ested in a Trust.
ACCUSATIONS AGAINST A
UNITED STATES JUDGE
He claims that testimony showing
an advance in cost of living of 30 per
cent was unreliable, that this advance,
based on statistics of Professor Plehn
of the University of California of the
five months of 1903 over the correspond
ing months of 1902 was not more than
3 per cent and that this was more than
covered by the advance of 10.8 in wages
granted by the company In April, 1902.
"When it is admitted that the United
Railroads are already paying a high
rate of wages; that this rate "of wages
is higher than that paid for the same
service in the great cities in which liv
ing is more expensive than in San
Francisco, and that there is an abund
ance of labor in San Francisco seeking
employment at the present high rate
of waees, it seems to me there is no
ground, for further advancing the
wages."
NEW YORK, Nov. 16.— Patrick
Calhoun of this city, a mem
ber of the arbitration commis
sion which recently awarded
the union employes of the
United Railroads of San Francisco an
advance in wages, to-day filed his dis
senting opinion, giving his reasons why
no advance should have been granted.
The award, however, stands, the com
pany and the men having agreed to ac
cept the decision of the majority of the
commission. Calhoun says that he be
lieves there was nothing in the evi
dence to justify any Increase of wages
and continues:
Among those whose applications were
denied were W. H. Young of Butte
Mont, and I. Goodwin of Pullman, Wash'
NEW YORK. Nov. 16.-The annual
meeting of the Amateur Athletic Union
was held here to-day. Among those re
instated to amateur standing were Sam
uel Berser and H. P. Lavalilier. both of
San Francisco.
Boxer Samuel Berger Among Those
Who Have Been Rein- .
stated.
ATHLETIC UNION BESTOHES
MEMBERS TO STANDING
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 16.— Marvin
Hart and Joe Choynski went six rounds
to a draw at the Washington Sporting
Club to-night. The bout was fast, both
men taking severe punishment and both
were bleeding freely at the close. The
t two fighters started out at a terrific
: pace, hitting right and left with telling
! effect. There was no perceptible dif-
I ference in the men during the first two
I rounds. In the third round Hart sent
Choynski to the floor with a terrific
punch on the Jaw. Choynski remained
on the floor until Referee Rocup count
ed eight and then rose to his feet and
came back vigorously at Hart, but the
latter managed to hold his own.
The men fought so hard in the first
three rounds that they came to the
center of the ring in the fourth look
ing very tired. As a consequence the
round was rather time. In the fifth,
however, they again went at each other
with terrific . smashes of rights and
lefts. In the sixth round Hart looked
a trifle fresher than Choynski. Hart
hit Choynski with his right and left
almost at will. The latter was weaken
ing rapidly and was a little groggy
until thirty seconds from the end of
the round, when he rallied. He rushed
at Hart and smashed him frequently
with his right. Hart, weakened by his
own exertions earlier in the round, was
unable to withstand Choynski's on
slaughts and the latter kept punching
him until the bell announced the end
of the fight.
Notwithstanding the amount of pun
ishment received neither man was bad
ly hurt. Hart's nose was bleeding and
also his mouth, while Choynski had a
Elight cut over the right eye.
Choynski appeared to be In better i
condition than Hart. The latter looked j
as though he weighed about fifteen
pounds more than his opponent.
CENTRAL FIGURES IN CHICA
GO'S STRIKE AND ARBITRATOR
OF A LOCAL DISPUTE,
Both Men Fight Vicious
ly for Six Rounds in
Philadelphia.
LABOR MEN IN
WARM DEBATE
In thr marriage contract of Miss
Florence Bojnere and George W. Whit
ip!) Jr. there seems to have been a little
j--!:r. The New York statute In sec
tion 11 of the acts of 1901 of marriages
provides that a marriage may be made
by contract, provided the parties to the
contract eign It in the presence of two
witnesses, who must give their names
and residences. The contract must
have the same acknowledgments as a
deed to real property. The contract
must also be recorded within six
months from the time of execution.
In this case everything was done In
iUll retirement of the law but one.
Tn*s one was the failure to have the
contract recorded. Whether or not at
tne time the contract was entered Into
Miss Boyere was fully advised as to
this provision of law is not made clear,
but. at any rate, ghe became aware of
the fact a short time later and wanted
the contract placed on record. Whit
tell, however, persuaded her that it was
all right, and told her that if it was
recorded his father would discover the
fact and disinherit him.
Upon these statements she allowed
matters to stand as they were. The
pair came out to San Francisco in
March and all went well for a time.
Early In October Whittell. it is al
leged, went to his wife and asked her
to tear the contract up. This she em
phatically refused to do. He made the
Fame request many times thereafter,
but all met with the same response.
One night. It is reported, while ehe
was staying at the Lick House, he
went to her room very much under the
Influence of liquor In company with
some colored men and tried to throw
her out of bed and make her sleep on
the couch. She promptly ordered the
whole crowd out of her room. After
this matters were serene for a while.
About five w^eks ago Whittell took
himself and his automobile to the
southern part of the State and while
there was constantly in company with
other people. When this news came to
the ears of the contract wife she re
solved to take decisive steps. She could
8tand for a time being kept in the
background, and she could stand being '
xold that she could not go touring in
the BTrfft-flylng automobile through
the rosy paths of Pasadena and the
orar.jre groves of Santa Ana, because
Mr. Whitt?!l Sr. would "set on" to I
them and all r.ould be "off." This she
bore in meekness and silence until the
news came that another was occupying
the front -.eat in that speeding ma
chine.
This was too much and without fur
ther ado she Informed Whittell Sr. of
the true condition of affairs and of the
relationship she bore to his son. Then
came the great scene, which was fol
lowed by the annulJment of the mar
nape and the payment of a handsome j
sum which was to act as balm for her
broken heart and at the same time to ,'
r»H*ve Whittell Sr. of a daughter-in
law not to his liking.
Mips Boyere is still staying with her ;
friend. Mrs. Marion, at 898 Franklin i
street. She declines to be interviewed !
upon the subject of her future move- •
ir.ents or to make any statement re- !
warding the rumor that another scion
of a noble family has offered her his I
heart and hand.
Minister Powell has informed the
State Department that the Government
of San Domingo has agreed upon Judge
George Gray of Delaware and Senor
Galvan. a prominent San Domlngoan,
as arbitrators In the dispute between
that Government a-"* the San Domingo
Improvement Company.
It will remain for Captain Brlggs.
commanding the Baltimore, and for
Minister Powell to determine whether
or not the blockade proposed is really
effective, and under no circumstances
will the State Department respect a
paper blockade.
The Dominican Government or the
insurgents, whoever attempts to estab
lish a blockade, must have the ships
present to make It effective. The offi
cials have not the slightest fear that
the Dominican Government will try to
sink any regular United States liner so
long as the Baltimore is In Dominican
waters.
It is stated here that this notice U
given to prevent a recurrence of the
mistake made by the Dominican Gqv
ernment in attempting to blockade
Puerto Plata recently without giving
the requisite notice. As to whether or
not the new decree will be respected
the officials say nothing can be told at
present.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— The State
Department to-day received a notice
from the Dominican Government,
through the Consul General in New
York, that it has closed by decree to
commerce for the duration cf the In
surrection the ports of Monte Cristi.
Puerto Plata, Sanchez, Macoris and
Samana.
Manuel D. Galvan, Consul General
from Santo Domingo to New York,
said to-day that the Cherokee surely
would "be sunk if she attempted to enter
the five harbors named. He said that
two Santo Domlngan gunboats were de
tailed to maintain the blockade of those
ports.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16.— The agent*
here of the Clyde line steamer Chero
kee, which had trouble with the Do
minican Government authorities on her
last trip to that island, declared to-day
that the Cherokee would sail next
"Wednesday on her regular schedule,
stopping at Samana Bay, Monte
Christ!, Sanchez, Puerto Plata and Ma*
coris.
DRAW FOR HART
AND CHOYNSKI
At first the boy decided to keep the
satchel, but, probably discovering that
its contents were of no value, surren
dered it to the police last evening.
The contents show that the owner. Is
Edward Devillers, a wealthy Frenchman,
supposed to be on h*\s way to South Af
rica to lay claim to about 10,000 acres
of property in the Transvaal.
There were several passports, in Ger
man. French and English writing.
Among the contents of the bag was a
clipping from a newspaper of Alliance,
N. Y., that tells of Devillers having been
arrested in that town for being found
asleep in the doorway of a hotel. He
was held for a few days, after which he
was released. A letter bearing the sig
nature of Louise Commeford, New York
City, was also in the bag.
The police are in search of Devillers,
as they are anxious to learn more of the
man. who he is, how he came to San
Francisco and what he was here for.
The fact that the boy held the satchel
as long as he did will probably make
the chances of overtaking the man re
mote.
The bag was found by a youth named
William Sullivan, who does not remem
ber the exact date of his find, but thinks
that it was four or five days ago.
A small handbag found by a boy on
the corner of Oak Grove avenue and Bry
ant street and supposed to belong to one
Kdward Devillers promises to develop a
mystery for the police department to
solve.
APPOINTEES SET
THEIR POSITIONS
At that time Moracco paid little at
tention to the matter. He says he did
not realize its seriousness. Since then
other threats and letters have been re
ceived, but he remained firm in his de
termination to stay here. No attempt
was made on his life until last night,
when he was go-ing to his lodgings. He
was walking up Sansome street and
was about to turn into Broadway when
the men sprang upon him and adminis
tered the beating.
The police are of the opinion that the
enemies of the man are sincere in their
threats and believe the injured man's
story. Detective Taylor is of the
opinion that the men who made the at
tack did not intend to slay Moracco.
but desired to impress upon him the
fact that they meant business and to
force him to quit the city.
Luigi Moracco, who claims to be a
clerk residing at 410 Broadway, says he
is under the ban c-f the Mafia. His life
has been threatened and repeated warn
ings have been sent him to leave the
city. Last night he was badly beaten
with an iron bar by his enemies on San
some street, and the case has been
placed in the hands of the Detective
Department. .
Shortly before midnight Officer Rob
ert Silver found Moracco on Broadway,
badly cut on the head and face. The
injured man said an attack had been
made upon him by a number of men
and that an iron bar had been used as
a weapon. He was left bleeding and
almost unconscious on the sidewalk and
after his assailants had left the scene
he started for his lodgings. He states
that he knows one of his assailants and
will swear out a warrant for this man's
arrest this morning.
Detective Charles Taylor interviewed
the injured man at police headquarters
and a tale of the Mafia was unfolded to
him. Moracco says that he haa been in
the city but a short time and Is em
ployed as a clerk. Soon after his ar
rival he v.as suspected of being an
agent of the Italian Government and
the arm of the secret society reached
after him. On October 10 he recei\'ed a
letter warning him to leave the coast
and he . was threatened with death
should he disregard the cc-mmand. On
the paper was drawn, in crude fashion,
a skull and crossbones, a dagger, bomb,
cutlass and revolver.
Name of Edward Devillers,
Wealthy Frenchman, on
the Papers.
Jealousy the Real Cause
of Secret Becoming
Public.
y-s^HICAGO, Nov. 16.— Encouraged
/T by the sucessful operations of a
VVV regular service on the Went-
v — ' worth-avenue line to-day, the
management of the Chicago
City Railway announced to-night that
Luigi Moracco Receives Let
ters of Threatening Natura
From Enemies.
Master of Cherokee Declares
He Will Again Visit
Island Ports.
Boy Finds a Satchel
Containing Many
Passports.
Suspected Agent of the
Italian Government
Is Beaten.
San Domingo's Orders
May Not Be Re
spected.
Whittell - Boyere Mar
riage Contract Proves
to Be Incomplete.
HOLD BLOCKADE
IS NOT VALID
FAIL TO COMPLY
FULLY WITH LAW
POLICE SEEKING
OWNER OF GRIP
SAYS THE MAFIA
SEEKS HIS LIFE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, , TUESDAYv NOVEMBER 17, 1903.
Chicago City Railway Will Attempt to Run Cars on Cottage Grove
Avenue With an Extra Force of Five Hundred Guards—Cal
houn Tells Why He Fought Claim of San Francisco Carmen
POLICE AWE THE STRIKERS AND ONE
MORE LINE WILL BE STARTED TO-DAY
5
A sliell from a 12-inch . eun makes Its
light of nine miles in 42 seconds.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. WATCH FOR , THE ,
BEAUTIFUL PICTURES
IN THE BIG
- THANKSGIVING
';X}. EDITION,
NEXT/ SUNDAY CALL
gleet of warning symptoms will
soon prostrate a woman. She
thinks woman's safeguard is
Lydia E Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
" Dear Mbs. Pixkham : —Ignorance
and neglect are the cause of untold
female suffering, not only with tho
laws of health but with the chance of a
cure. I did not heed the warnings of
headaches, organic pains, and general
weariness, until I was well nigh pros-
trated. I knew I had to do something.
Happily I did the right thing. I took
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound faithfully, according to
directions, and was rewarded in a few
weeks to find that my aches and pain-*
disappeared, and I again felt the glow
of health through my body. Since I
have been well 1 have been more care-
ful, I have also advised a number of
my sick friends to take Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, and they have never had
reason to be sorry. Yours very truly,
Mrs. Mat Faibbj^ks, 216 South 7th
St., Minneapolis, Minn." (Mrs. Fair-
banks is one of the most successful tnd
highest salaried travelling saleswoxspn
in the West.) — 35000 forfeit If original of
about letter proving genuineness cannot b* prolJeed
Mrs. Pinkhom invites all sic*
women to writo her for advice.
She has groided thousands to
health. Address, l.ynn, Ma«fc
if Mrs. Fairbanks tells howne-iLatest reports from the Philippines give the encouraging
information that our Moro fellow citizens are inclined /to
show . a friendly spirit. Somebody interested in their wel
fare has probably i persuaded them .that I friendship; and life
are unquestionably more desirable than enmity and death.
*.'¦-.. ¦¦¦»
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: It
has seemed to me for many years that
it is about time that a note of protest
should be sounded against the modern
principle of grammar school education
I do not couch this letter In the ternvi
of an attack upon our own city school
department, which I think is as capable
as the funds allotted to it can make if
but I do wish to express my dissent
from the opinions, held by the educa
tors all over the country and practiced
in our common grade schools.
. In a word— and copying an , old and
Frills in Education.
Democratic leader's in Congress have decided that it I is
good party politics to attack the administration in refer
ence to the establishment of the republic of Panama. This
decision is neither unusual, unbecoming nor unfit as hon
estiy representative of Democratic wisdom. The fellow who
pictured and personified the Democracy as a braying jackass
was gifted with prophetic intelligence.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Mala IMS. *
Two of the Filipino wards of Uncle Sam, who are to
be educated at national expense.-arrived in the city a few
days ago, blew out the gas and escaped an untimely death
only by accident. There is nothing like a liberal education
in .the 'practical things of life. In the natural course of
events the gold brick man is the next stage, and then wili
commence thedeeply significant test involved in the hurdles
of the tenderloin. ,
OTerreachlnff Za a Common Tault.
tance from your opponent and lead for
his face again with your left. The
chances are three to one you will find
you have miscalculated tha distance
and that you are either, too n»ar or too
far from him. Usually the latter.
Should you attempt to lead when too
far away you cannot reach him, and
you will probably lose your balance and
topple forward from • the impetus of
your own blow, thus leaving yourself
at his mercy. Or, if you step too close
you stand an excellent chance of re
ceiving a blow from him while you are
still in motion and before you can get
into a position to guard.
Nothing but constant and wearisome
practice will teach you to gauge dis
tance correctly. Try this maneuver
over and over again until you are able
to step to exactly the right spot from
which your blow should be delivered.
It is difficult, but in time' you can do it.
Having learned this all essential fac
ttw in boxing, practice as follows : Lead
with your left for the face and step
away. Let your sparring partner also
step back or to one side, thus chang
ing his original position. Now advance
until vou are at the proper distance
«.nd lead for his face with your right
and step away. Next let him lead with
kit left for your face, wLile you move
The recent Tammany landslide In
Gotham has evidently tln S ed that good
S? P^rkhurst a most virulent indiso
blue. Here is his comment anent the
di "WUhthe first of 3™™*"" 1 ™*
2«5?o? 'opW city, mgj are go-
Jay God to^ic the lid off hell and let
ut smell some of the smok- that as
r.~ ie. nr -.in fnrpver and ever. That slo.
00O nd me U n P should deliberately stand up
ami enroll themselves as members of
the devtrs kingdom of greed and vil
lainy ll horrible, unbelievable. But it
sin accord with the downward drift.
It is unquestionably the fact that moral
sentiment is lacking among the best oi
us and that is our consummate malady.
Marriasre, that used to be so unspeak
ably sacred, is becoming an amuse
ment If we cannot clean the carpet
for a new wife by worrying our pres
ent wife into the grave we cut the
Gordian knot by pushing the case in
the divorce courtr-a species of Mor
monlsm that might have brought the
blush of shame to the face of Brigham
Young."
Townsend'a California glace fruits a-r.d
candles. 60c a pound. In artistic flre
ftched boxes. A nice- present for Eastern
friends. 713 Market at. above Call old*. ¦
Indigo Blue.
The independence of the Dominion of Canada has been
predicted by one of the leading citizens of that interesting
colony of Great Britain.. And yet this buoyant pioneer of
a new state forgets that Canada was never more palpably
dependent, more pitiably in need of direction and counsel,
than when she protested in impotent vehemence against the
decision of a court in which she was a member and to
whose decision she was in honor pledged to "submit..
While all this preparation was go
ing on the keen minds of the managers
were not idle. The sharpest of detec
tives were employed to note the splen
dor of the ladies and an approximate
value of the diamonds, etc., worn by
the wives and sweethearts of the con
ductors. That the ball -was a great
success was the universal verdict of all
who attended.
Later the detectives' reports were
sent to headquarters and duly noted
Nothing was said by the foxy manage
ment for a month or so afterward
Then gradually conductor after con
ductor whose wife was more than or
dinarily resplendent at the ball found
a little note handed to him, with the
information 'that his services were no
longer required. In the opinion of the
managers an honest conductor, living
on the salary given him, could not af
ford to give his wife diamonds and
silks. This was the unpleasant sequel
of the first conductors' ball.
To arrive at this for a certainty and
without doing the honest men an in
justice, a notice was issued from the
superintendent's office stating that the
railroad management desired to show
its appreciation of the services render
ed by the conductors by giving a ball
in their honor at the Oakland mole.
This Invitation was cheerfully accepted
by the railroad men and as usual each
lady vied with her neighbor to appear
In the very finest of gowns and jewelry
to match.
In the early days when the "Big
Four" were in full control of the old
Central Pacific Railroad Company
conductors were suspected of "knocK
ing down" more ready money out of
the company than some of the stock
holders. The . Idea was therefore con
ceived by which to ferret out the men
who were living In luxury on their in
come thus illicitly derived from their
positions as conductors.
'After the Ball.
To demonstrate this he says: "The platforms might
have been exchanged without doing violence to the convic
tions of either party., They are pledged to the public
ownership of public utilities." Granted that they are, and
that the twins cannot be told apart, let us suppose the
vagaries of the joint platforms spread over the Union as the
national principles of the Popular Rights party, what re
ception will they meet? Mr. Hearst says: ''The Demo
cratic party has an unshakable hold on the South. With the
workingmen of the cities voting for the same candidates
the alliance will prove invincible."
Does he mean that the South will in the future show
the same appetite. for. vagaries that it had for those of Mr.
Bryan, and that it will go further and chew and swallow
those in the San Francisco: platform? If.so, we think he is
mistaken. States and sections in this country show an un
ceasing tendency to revert to former ideas and ideals in poli
tics. For a long time prior to the Civil War; the South
had a strong affinity for the Whig party.' In 1840 the
Whigs carried eight of the Southern States, and 1848 again
took a majority of -"them for Taylor, the last Whig Presi
dent. In 1852 the Whig party was moribund and Pierce's
ideas on the slavery question won the South away from an
organization that had lost its grip. .But- whether Whig or
Democratic, there is nothing in the economic situation or
political ideals "of the. South to warrant the conclusion that
it will in national convention support the platform of new'
principles hewed out for Mr. Hearst's Popular Rights .party
as the successor to the Democracy.
Every Southern leader, from Jefferson to Jefferson Davis,
has expressly repudiated Mr. Hearst's ideas of government
as expressed for him in the_ local platforms which he ad
mires so much. It is to think meanly of^the South. to. con r
elude that her people will -now surrender long held convic-
THERE will be no lack of literature between now and
next year's Presidential elections on the subject of a
new Democratic fusion. "It is Mr. Hearst's business
to manufacture and put that literature on the market. His
several newspapers have determined to make San Fran
cisco the basis of the argument in that behalf, and to make
a statement of political conditions here which, if spread as
a sort of veneer all over the country, will make the election
of a fusion candidate sure, provided the Democratic and
labor union parties cuddle in the same camp.\
Starting with an artificial figure of 25,000 as the Repub
lican vote of San Francisco, with a Democratic vote of
14,034 and a Labor party vote of 15,205, Mr. Hearst is able
to show a fusion majority here of 3724. To make fusion
fuse, and to extend his new Democratic party on that basis
all over the United States, he calls the fused organization
the Popular Rights party, and argues, at great length and
little breadth, to show that Labor . Union party and Demo
cratic principles, as stated in the city platforms, are iden
tical. . . \
MORE NEW PRINCIPLES.
A Tacoma man, otherwise. harmless, says that he has a
commission from the Mexican Government and a promise
of $1,000,000 in silver to conquer a tribe of cannibals on a
Pacific Coast island. After driving the man eaters into the
sea he will search for gold, of which 'the island is largely
composed. What a shame it would be to wake him upl
Now step forward again untl you
Judge that you are at the correct dis-
So much for the history of footwork —
a history that has transformed boxing
from a mere slugging exhibition into
one of the most graceful cf athletic
accomplishments.
Now get your gloves on p.nd let us
practice this new branch of our art.
Though to-day your feet will do more
work than your hands. Moreover, to
day's lesson will teach you cne of the
most important things a boxer has to
learn— namely, how to gauge distance.
Stand on guard. Lead for your spar
ring partner's face with the left (after
first going over all the various blows,
counters, euards, etc.. that you have
thus far learned. Remember to begin
each lesson with a review of all oast
work.)
Lead for his face with your left, as
I have said. Now, as you bring back
your left arm to the first positjon. step
backward at the same time with the
right foot, bringing the left foot after
ward, so that when the left foot touches
ground you will be standing again on
guard, feet eighteen inches apart as
usual, but a step farther away from
your opponent than you were. Repeat
this until you can make this backward
step quickly after delivering the blow,
and can do so without losing your bal
ance or making a misstep or falling to
fall into correct position as you swiftly
brine back the left foot to its correct
place in front of the right.
his whereabouts, by keeping in con
stant motion and by stepping in to
strike and stepping out to avoid re
prisals, harder blows could be struck
and much punishment avoided.
For years footwork gradually gained
gTound. At last Jim Corbett. the clev
erest boxer the world has yet seen,
brought it to perfection.
JThe Secretary went on to point out that under, the
terms of the merchant marine bill introduced last winter it
was specifically provided that the subsidies granted by the
bill to American shipping should never exceed $9,000,000 in
any one year, while we annually pay $200,000,000 to foreign
subsidized ships to get our foreign commerce carried across
the seas.
The facts thus stated by Secretary Shaw were not new to
the people of Boston. They have been well known for a
long time. In fact the voters of the country have again
and again given them due consideration and voted upon
them, casting a heavy vote in favor of the desired legisla
tion. Argument before the people is therefore hardly neces
sary any further. The issue now is to get Congress to
obey the will of the people and enact the required laws.
It is not too much to expect the passage of a well devised
bill during the coming winter, and the industrial and com
mercial bodies of the country should not hesitate to" de
mand it. *
WITH the assembling of Congress there will natur
ally be a revival of popular interest in the much
discussed question of promoting American com
merce by wel! devised legislation in favor of upbuilding an
adequate American merchant marine. The issue was made
one of special note in several States during the recent cam
paigns, and in Ohio the contest against Senator Hanna was
made almost wholly one of opposition to what the Demo
crats; called "the ship subsidy bill." 'Wherever this issue
was squarely made victory rested with the Republican party,
and it is therefore fair to say that the country has virtually
once more declared in favor of protecting American indus
try on the ocean as well as on land.
Shortly before the election Secretary Shaw in an address
at Boston said: "We are securing only 10 per cent of the
trade of South America, of South Africa and of the countries
washed by the Pacific Ocean. This trade is worth more than
$1,000,000,000 per annum. We get. 10 per cent of it. Other
countries secure the balance. Why? They are ready to pay
the price. They avail themselves of every natural advantage
and pay the price of others. They have and we do not
have direct and regular steamship communication with
these countries. I was recently told by a man who ought
to know that William Deering obtained an order for $100,
000 worth of implements to go to South America by acci
dentally finding in some of our Eastern ports a tramp
steamer going direct to the point of destination. Other
wise he would have been compelled, to ship first to Europe,
thence to South America, and then it would have been too
late."
Lead and Step Back.
In the summer of 1S96 the great gold
deposits on the Klondike creeks were
discovered, and when the news reached
England, twelve months afterward, no
one knew where they were. Was the
Klondike In British Columbia or Alas
ka? Nobody thought of the Northwest
Territories, little knowing that they
stretched far beyond the northern
range of the Rocky Mountains. Within
a couple of years Yukon, on account of
its remoteness andJnaccesslbillty. was
taken out of the jurisdiction of the
Territorial Government and created a
separate territory, under a Commis
sioner and Council, and now the force
of police is 290 strong, with detach
ments throuzhout the whole basin of
the Upper Yukon.
The work of the police Is of endless
variety. It will perhaps be remembered
that a story of a Russian boundary
monument in the disputed Territory
was reported in the course of the last
year. A party from the Dalton Trail
post was dispatched to examine into
this, with Assistant Surgeon Fraser In
charge. Mr. Fraser reported that about
three miles past Mount Glave the horse
trail crosses a tributary of the Clear
Creek, and about 100 yards up from
this stones are piled up t^o make a shel
ter to be U3ed by Indians while storm
bound crossing the summit. This pile
constituted the alleged monument and
consisted of a larse flat stone, about
four feet bv three feet, and a few
inches thick, raise! at an angle of
forty-five degrees from the ground, and
supported in this position by another
smaller stone, the two forming a rude
shelter.
Seven years ago the sole representa
tives of authority on the Upper Yukon
were a detachment of twenty North
west Mounted Police, under Major
Constantine, sent up by the Canadian
Government to maintain law and order
as best thev could, says the London
Times. They built a post at Fort
Cudahy on the Tukon, twenty-five
mlldfc on our side of Alaska, near the
mining: town of Forty Mile. Gold dig
ging had been going on there for ten
years before, but Englishmen had
heard nothing . of it and would only
have smiled if they had. The Dominion
Government thus took actual posses
sion of the srold country, which was
supplied entirely by United States
trading companies, working up from
the Behrlng Sea.
Yukon's Guardians,
THE MERCHANT MARINE BILL.
Water was below that red horizon.
The tottering limbs refused to carry
the anguished body farther. He sat
down upon the heap of sand and, bury
ing his head in his arms, he waited the
rising of another sun and with it the
end. *^ />
The third day the cries for water be
came more and more feeble. The gaunt
man who was sitting there in the grill
ing heat, fanning the insects from the
brow of the figure on the sand, was
swaying from weakness, for he had
taken none of the precious water which
had wetted the lips of his fevered part
ner. Drop by drop it was sped until at
last as the sun shone down from the
zenith the last dew was licked dry
from the mouth of the canteen. Sixty
miles away from the nearest water
spring.
With the setting of the sun the life of
the sick man was sped. Scarcely able
to drag himself from the tent, the lone
survivor scratched a hole in the sand
and buried his partner.
The tall fellow was known as "Tex
as" Watson and his partner, "Zek"
Waterford. They had started iiKthe
early spring from Arizona to prospect
the hills northward to Nevada. It was
now the latter part of May and the
snow was nearly gone. Their canteens
were filled at every opportunity either
with the snow or well water and they
progressed across the barren hills with
little difficulty. '
With water sixty miles to the front
and only enough left in their canteens
to suffice them for "three days, "Zek"
became suddenly delirious from a quick
desert fever* The burning sun on the
second day found the man tossing un
der the rudely constructed tent with
lips purple from the fires which were
consuming his blood. By his side sat
"Texas," from time to time gently wet
ting the sufferer's lips from the single
canteen of precious fluid which was
left.
Partners.
Converse County, Wyoming, is fearful that it will be forced
into bankruptcy if it is compelled to prosecute the Indians
that recently, terrorized the State by their murderous raid.
On the other hand it might be argued that refusal to prose
cute will so increase the funeral expenses of the citizens of
the county that bankruptcy in any other cause will be wel
comed as A boon. -
The extent to which strata of later
times have been folded up and piled
upon each other is almost incredible.
Professor Claypole measured the strata
In the Alleghany Mountains across
Huntingdon, Junlata and Perry
counties. In Pennsylvania, < and found
that where they were originally spread
out on the ocean bottom to a distance
of 100 miles they had been wrinkled
and folded arid crushed together, until
they were compressed within sixty-five
miles. Professor Helm of Zurich esti
mates that the folding up of the Alps
resulted in the compression of about
seventy-four miles; that is. if the Alps
were flattened out again, as you would
flatten out the wrinkles In cloth, two
points on the opposite s sides of the Alps
would be seventy-four miles farther
away from each other than they are
now. In many cases in the Alps, and
indeed in the Appalachian Mountains,
the superficial sedimentary strata
have been folded over, so that what Is
now the top was formerly the* bottom.
Now the generally acepted theory
concerning the earth's history is that
it wag originally a molton globe, -which
has slowly cooled down, allowing a
crust to form over* the surface, which
has gradually thickened in proportion
as the earth cooled. This crust is
therefore much thicker in the later
geological periods than it was in the
earlier. As a consequence the geolo
gists point out that the inevitable ten
dency would be for the later wrinkles
to be ampler than the earlier ones- for
In the Earlier geological ages, when the
crust was comparatively thin, It could
not sustain itself in so high an eleva
tion as would be possible when it had
thickened up in later ages. It Is there
fore believed that in the earlier geolo
gical ages the mountains were never so
high as they were in later geological
periods. The thinner and 8of ter strata
pt the earlier geological period would
break up and mash together where the
later ones would swell up and be folded
over. -~- .
Two causes may be assigned to this
greater height of the younger moun
tains, one of whic^i Is connected with
the general theory of mountain build
ing, and the other with the agencies
which are constantly wearing the
mountains down and carrying them
back into the sea.
• • •
As the Andes, the Rocky Mountains,
the Alps, the Caucasus and the moun
tains of Central and Southern Asia in
clude by far the highest mountains of
the world, the proposition announced
at the beginning of this article is suffi
ciently proved. At the same time the
age of these loftiest mountains is strik
ingly In contrast with that of various
older mountain chains. What we call
the Highlands of Carada, surrounding
Hudson Bay, are composed of the old
est rocks of the world, but they no
where rise to a height of more than
2000 or 3000 feet. The Alleghany Moun
tains, likewise, though younger than
the Highlands of Canada, are much
older than the Rocky Mountains, but
they are not half as high. In Europe
the Scandinavian and Ural Mountains
are very old, and likewise comparative
ly low, nowhere rising more than one
third the height of the Alps, or one
flfth of the height of the mountains in
Central Asia.
One hundred and fifty years ago the
occurrence of these shells in the rocks
on high Alpine elevations were taken
as evidence of the flood, and Voltaire
knew of no way to discredit the evi
dence, except to deny its truth. He,
therefore, resorted to the suggestion
that the shells found at these high ele
vations had been carried there by pil
grims and carelessly thrown away. But
Voltaire was no geologist, or he would
have disproved the theory of the flood
by a better argument, for these shells
are found as constituent elements of
great thicknesses of rock, entirely be
yond the capacity of so temporary a
submersion as the deluge is reported to
have been. .
Rocks of similar age, with their /In
cluded recent forms of oceanic life, are
found upon the flanks of the Caucasus
Mountains at an eijual height, and in
Thibet and in the Himalaya Moun
tains, at an elevation of 13,000 or 14,000
feet.
All the highest mountains are young
mountain?. This is proved by the fact
that, high up upon their shoulders,
they bear sedimentary rocks of the lat
est geological period, namely, the ter
tiary. Where now we behold the great
mountain systems of America, Europe
and Asia, the waters of a shallow sea
prevailed during the middle of the ter
tiary period. West of the Mississippi
River the dry land was limited to the
narrow axis of the Rocky Mountain
chain, to an elevated plateau now oc
cupied by the great basin of which
Utah is the center, and to detached ele
vations along the line of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains bordering the Pacific
Ocean. Since that time this vast area
has been lifted up out of the sea, car
rying the sedimentary rocks then
formed with their abundant sea shells
to a height of several thousand feet
and lifting the original mountain peaks
to a correspondingly greater height.
Man arJ the Glacial Period." Etc.
LL.. D.
(Author of "Trip Ice Age In North America,
BY GEORGE FREDERICK WRIGHT, A. M..
Mountain Building,
Footwork in Boxing.
BY ALT5EHT TAVSON TRRHTTXE.
(Athletic p;xv«-rt Kew York Ever.'np World.
Authvr of "Muscle Uuildlr.g," Etc)
Footwork was unknown t«- the box
ers of a few decades ago. A line was
drawn or scratched on tho ground.
Each man touched that line with his
left toe, and during the entire bout he
was nut allowed to step back or for
ward. He::ce the expressions "teeing
th- mark" and "coming to th<j scratch."
Such fishis were necessarily of the
hamm^r-and-tons?, brutal order, with
little science and less speed.
Then some Columbus of th.? boxing
world discovered footwork. He found
that the man who could land a blow
and jret out of the way before the re
turn blow came in had a vast advant
age over his stationary foe. He found
that, by confusing an adversary as to
•!• *
very trite term— the grammar school
education which our little children are
receiving nowadays is too "hlgh-fa
lutin"; there are too many educational
frills added to the old regime to the
detriment of the beneficial effects of
the old style courses. Our fathers used
to be taught "readin*. writln' and 'rith
metic," geography and the elements oC
grammar and rhetoric; and they we're
taught these thoroughly, consistently,
so that they did not pass in one ear
and out of the other.
But now, if you please, the little mite
8 years old is made to know where her
pancreas is located and what part in
the progress of digestion her salivary
ducts occupy. Within a year from that
time she is taken in hand by a teacher
of mechanical drawing 1 and taught to
differentiate between a paralleloplped
and a rhomboid and Is made to spen3
her nights at home constructing elab
orate paper models of truncated conrs
and pyramids. By the time that your
modern pupil is 13 he is initiated into
the mysteries of irregular Latin verbs
and made to know that "a. ab, abs<iuo»»
coram, de, palam," etc., govern the ab
lative case. Then a year before he i3
ready to enter the high school he has
the enigmas of algebraic formulas driv
en into his head; he knows how to find.
the relation between the arc of a circle
and the angle subtended by the radlt.
I do not profess to be a pedagogue*
nor to have any great acquaintance
with the principles of educational sci
ence, but from the good common-senso
deductions of a householder and a
father I am assured that a little more
of the salt of knowledge and less of the
spice would improve the product which
our common schools turn out.
A READER.
San Francisco, Nov. 16.
THE California Miners' Association is in session in this
city, and the numbers in attendance and the subjects
discussed will convince the country that mining is not
played out in California. The association probably
tains and represents more expert miners and a greater va
riety of mines and deposits of the precious metals and -use
ful minerals than any other organization from a similar area
in the world. Kiniberley has diamonds' and the Rand has
gold. But California has such a variety of mineral de
posits and in them such a large aggregate of potential
wealth as to make her the leading mining region of the
ear*h.
There is ahe subject that the Miners' Association should
consider. Among our mineral riches are the finest of build
ing stones. Our granites-'arc unexcelled in appearance, and
in all the qualities of a first-class material/ Our marbles
rank any other in the United States, and our onyx, for in
side finish, is "the equal of the Mexican, whfch leads the
world. Under these circumstances the many public build
ings. Federal and other,- that are being and td be erected
in the State, should be built of domestic material. Yet the
new Oakland postoffice is built, we believe, of stone from
Utah, and we understand that for some reason, that surely
is not found in the lack of quantity or quality in our home
material, other public buildings are of foreign material.
This subject requires attention. The mining of building
stones is an important branch. It employs labor, and the
use of our domestic material stimulates the search for new
deposits. The convention will serve a great interest if it
will suggest to our members of Congress that they secure
the right of way for California stone in the construction of
Federal buildings. •
Another mineral interest that is making rapid progress
is the manufacture of hydraulic cement. This has been at
tempted in other States, but nowhere else with the success
achieved here. Our domestic cement is now being ¦ used
in concrete works, in sidewalks, curbs and in reservoirs and
other submerged structures. The Government is installing
irrigation works throughout the arid region, requiring the
use of an enormous quantity of cement. As the tariff on
Portland cement, imported from Belgium, is for the pur
pose of encouraging the manufacture of the domestic ar
ticle, and California produces the equal of the imported,
it should surely be the policy of the Government to use
our cement in its own work. We are informed that the
preference so far has been given to imported cement, while
it is officially admitted that ours is as good. This should
be inquired into. Perhaps millions of tons of cement must
be used in irrigation work. What is the use of sending em
bassies abroad to look for foreign consumption of our
products if we shut out a domestic demand by meeting it
with an imported supply?
The precious metals make their own markets. They
need no protection and no effort. But the useful materials
of the State, vast in their potential supply and practically
inexhaustible, need the intelligent attention of this asso
ciation, that stands for the mineral interests of California.
Recently we have added oil to our stock of valuable
mineral substances. This association should promote; the
use of our oil. \Ve have iron of excellent quality in forty
one counties. Some of it is very convenient to the coast
and near the oil regions. If our oil can be used as a
smelting fuel California can speedily have a large iron pro
duction. We have the ore and the flux, everything but the
coal for smelting. If an oil flame can be diffused through a
cupola we will be independent as to our iron and steel.
T*he convention will doubtless consider all that pertains
to the mineral interests of the State, and these subjects
should be objects of its deliberation.
When I sucgest that you try a cer
tain maneuver on your sparring part
ner I do not. of course, mean that he
is to do all the drudgery and that you
are to reap all the benefit. Take turns
at this. For instance, let him for the
first half of the lesson go through the
various blows, counters, etc., while
you do the guarding:, the left leads
for- his counters, etc. Then In the sec
ond half change around.
After each has had his lesson you
may box three rounds. Even though
you may sain no great skill just at
first, this bout after the lesson will
accustom you both to the feel of the
gloves and to the sensation of giving
and reeeivinsr blows. But during the
bouts be sure to practice what you
have learned. For Instance, when your
sparring partner happens to lead for
you with his left remember the various
thinps you may do. and do one of them.
Don't hit back blindly or be content
to suard and hit. If he has led for
your face try the left or ritfht face
counter on him; if for your body, try
a body counter, or else the body guard
with the right and a left lead for his
face. Don't shamble around aimlessly
in boxinpr these early bouts, but remem
ber the footwork instructions and step
s?f> that weigrht, balance and reach are
all considered. If one of you make a
blunder let the other stop the bout and
correct it. Take kindly criticism grate
fully. Without it you cannot become
proficient. ' -
your head and counter for his jaw with
your left. Let both step back, and go
on through all the various blows and
counters in the same manner, leading,
stepping away and getting back into
range for another lead.
Continue this day after day , until it
becomes second nature to you to lead
or guard at the right distance without
loss of balar.ee.
"Well, sir, he shot a man down
Tombstone way in the '80's an* made a
plea of self-defense for the fact of the
other fellow havln' a coat on his back
the time he shot him. He an' a very
bad man from down in Texas had a
little dispute in the Pleasant Hour grog
shop one day over the relative merits,
as the papers says, of the 'Mamie Tay
lor' an' the 'Plttsburg Hogwash' as
drinks fur the coolin' of the inner man
and the elevatin' of his soul. They
(each said some onpleasant things 'bout
each other an' separated.
"Two hours arterwards Vinegar sees
the Texas man comin* down the street
with his jacket on an' he hides be
hind the door of the Globe Hotel an*
he shoots the Texan three times in the
kidneys as he goes by. ~_."
""When they gets him up before a
jury he makes them a speech — klnde,r
conciliatin' like and showin* his great
lnttoitan. Says Vinegar: 'It air
hot down here In these parts,
ain't it? An' the sun shines down
that fiercely that any ord'nary
man goes 'round with Jes' as little as
the majesty of the law — which Is rep
resented by this most honorable Jedge
here— will allow; am I right? "Well, sir,
you have trouble with a man an* cast
some 'spersions on his fambly name
maybe, an' that man is in his shirt
sleeves, with his tongue hangin' out
frum the heaf.
*"Yr»u see rt;'s r an a hod.* artervronls
comin' down the street with his tail
coat on — the one he wears to the picnic
Fourth of July an' keeps under his bed
ev'ry other day in the year. "Weil,
sirs, what's he wearin' under that coat
which would be dar^hn* in plain sight'
if he was dressed ord'nary like? What
if it ain't a shooting' Iron?' "
"The jury wuz only out three min
utes an* brought in an acquittal for
Vinegar, with reccumendachions for a
vote of thanks to him for killin* the
Texas man."
"Yes, sir," said he, "some fellows are
powerful lienyunt on a Jury when it
comes to a little case of shootin*. Now
there was the case of Vinegar John
son—called him Vinegar 'cause he
cleared up a sma.Il fortune onct selling
spoiled cider for vinegar down in So
nora.
"Quartz" Billings shook the dottle
from his corncob into the palm of his
hand, added thereto the shavings from
his black plug of navy and began slow
ly tamping the mixture back into the
bowl of his pipe. Preparation* for a
smoke always elicited some reminis
cence from him.
"Quarts" on Evidence.
tions as to the nature and -purpose of government for the
sake of such analliance as Mr. Hearst proposes with class
elements in the great cities of the North.
In 1896 the South did suffer an aberration on the finan
cial question and followed Mr. Bryan, against the protect of
Bayarjd, Gray, Caffery, Patterson, Jones and scores of leaders
who knew the right and abided with it. But it must be ad
mitted that the impulse'of that aberration had some excuse.
The South was poor. Faulty finance' and imperfect-distri
bution of money made interest high and obsoleted much of
the collateral that the South had to 'offer for loans. When
the people were told that these conditions were caused by
a scarcity of money, it is not to be wondered at that they
seized upon Mr. Bryan's . quantitative theory! and followed
it into the campaign.
By 1900 the South was clothed and in her right mind
on the money question,; and in the Kansas City convention
opposed all the financial theories she had adopted four years
before. . But suppose that she accept, next year, the two
platforms proposed by Mr. Hearst and enter the alliance he
seeks to make, what then?. That will be done on the same
theory as the fusions of 1896 and 1900, and will be made
upon an incorrect statement of the facts. In 1900 Mr. Mc-
Kinley had 35,000 votes to 25,000 for Bryan in San Fran
cisco. That is about the strength of the two political ideas
in this city. The recent vote for Mayor Schmitz had
in it an element that is Republican in national elections.
It supported him for various reasons, not the least being
his tactful statement that as Mayor he had settled labor
difficulties without strikes and violence, and if re-elected
would have the power to do so in the future.
With Mr. Hearst's proposed alliance made and with
him as the candidate, there is every reason to believe that
Roosevelt's vote here will exceed McKinley's by not less
than 5000, and that his majority in the State will go to
75,000. This is not a Republican, opinion of the situation
exclusively, for it is concurred in by shrewd Democratic
politicians all over the State. The weakness of all political
fusions is their extremely artificial nature. The followers of
Lane and Schmitz in this city cannot be voted by agreement.
Nor can the members of any political party be allotted by
its leaders. Republicans will highly approve Mr. Hearst's
fusion and hope to see him the hybrid candidate.
THE MINERS MEET.
THE- SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS; Proprietor . . . . . . . > ..'Address AH CommtmicaUons to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office. ~ <J^^^^^> • • • ? • • • .Third and Market Streets, S. P.
TUESDAY ....NOVEMBER 17, 1903
THE SAN ¦•FBAN CISCO CALL, 1UESDAY, NOVEMBER IT, 1903.
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
6
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESThe United States Circuit Court of
Appeals held a session yesterday morn
ing and finished some' tag ends of work
remaining on the files. Sixty days'
stays of mandate were granted In the
following cases: Empire State-Idaho
Mining and Developing Company vs.
Kennedy J. Hanley. Moore vs. Bank of
British Columbia. Heckfeld vs. United
States. Lena Walton vs. Wild Goose
Mining Company.
.vn appeal to the United States Su
preme Court was granted In the case
of Marie Carrau against O'Callaghan*
and the appeal bond was fixed in the*
sum of $300,000, the real estate In issue
being in the business center of Seattle
and very valuable.
The court adjourned until the first
Monday in February.
Stays of Mandates Granted in Sev
eral Cases Which Had Been
Decided.
COURT OF APPEALS
FINISHES ITS TERM
William Foley and Albert Holz, each
about 18 years of a:?e, came up for ar
raignment before Judge Cock yester
day on a charge of burglary. They
pleaded gnilty and were ordered to ap
pear for sentence on November 2L
On the morning of October 0 they en
tered the premises of the Crescent Cor
f-t Company at 70S to 774 Market street
and were discovered by a special
¦watchman. They wanted to plead guilty
in the Police Court. They were bell
boys ar.d came from the East in search
of employment.
Plead Guilty to Burglary,
H. G. Schumacher, a^ member of the
bankrupt firm of Schumacher & Co.,
Jewelers under the Palace Hotel, was
arrested in Los Angeles yesterday and
Chief Elton at once wired Chief Witt
man to that effect. An officer will be
sent this morning to bring him back.
Schumacher is wanted on two charges
of felony embezzlement. After the fail
ure of the firm Schumacher started In
business on his own account in a small
store; on New Montgomery street. He
got Jewelry from other firms to Sell on
commission and it Is alleged that he
sold the articles and appropriated the
money to his own use.
One of the complaining witnesses
against him Is Leon Carrcau of the
firm of Carreau & Green/ Jewelers, 220
Sutter street, and the other Js W. J.
Hesthal, jeweler. 10 Sixth street. Car
reau & Green have also a worthless
check which Schumacher gave them.
UH. G. Schumacher, Jeweler, Is Placed
Under Arrest in Los An
geles.
WANTED ON CHABGES OF
FELONY EMBEZZLEMENT
Donald McRae, the Mission-street
furniture dealer, who generally man
ages to keep himself before the public
in one way or another, 4rill make an
appearance in the Police Court to-mor
row on the charge of having disturbed
the peace of Mrs. Mary Burton, one of
his tenants, at 810 Mission street,- Mrs.
Burton claims that he threatened ; her,
and Judge. Mogan will pass on the al
leged offense. McRae's latest bid for
notoriety was when he was sued last
July by Isaac Selby, a minister from
Australia, for, having estranged the af
fections of the latter's wife. The suit
was for $25,000 and is still pending."
Both McRae and Mrs. Selby denJsd
that there was" any cause for the ac
tion. '¦:¦.' if' J^ --;l~' ;
Mulcahy,' Reynolds and Ed Gibson.
The further fact that he could give no
explanation of his presence at Califor
nia and Laguna streets strengthened
their suspicions. Developments In Judge
Cpnlan's court yesterday showed that
O'Neill had stolen some valuable
jewelry from the home of Mrs. Las-,
clottes at 1367 Jackson street and had
presented the plunder to two men, one
of this city and one of Sausalito. The
jewelry was recovered, but O'Neill
maintained in court that he was not the
donor nor the thief. . Judge Conlan
thought the evidence was strong
enough to bind him over to answer for
burglary .before the Superior Court In
$2000 bonds. f,V;.\
Mrs. Martha E. Bowers, charged with
the murder of her husband, Martin L.
Bowers, on August 25 by administering
arsenic to him, was arraigned before
Judge Cook yesterday. Shu was rep
resented w by Attorney Frank Drury.
The case was continued till November
21 to be set for trial.
Mrs. Bowers Arraigned.
Lester Good and E. L. Good, the
young men suspected cf holding up a
Cicductor and gripman of a Hayes-
Ftreet car at Stanyan street last Friday
night, w*»e booked at the City prison
yesterday on the charge of carrying
concealed weapons. Nether the con
ductor nor gripman would 'swear posi
tively that they were the footpads. J.
T. Hurley, grocer, Webster and Hayes
Ftreets, who was held up on the night
r.f November 4. was satisfied they were
the footpads, but as they wore masks,
he would not swear positively to the
fact. Each had a loaded revolver when
arrested. > S
Suspected Footpads Booked.
In the United States Circuit Court
yesterday morning, on motion of United
States District Attorney Woodworth,
representing Postmaster Montague, the
Postmaster was allowed a week's fur
ther time to appear and show cause
why he should not be enjoined from
holding ud mail addressed to Letson
Balliet or the White Star mine.
Postmaster Montague recently held
up a quantity of mail addressed to the
Niagara mine. In which Letson Balliet
Is interested. Balliet made complaint
to the Postoffice Department at "Wash
ington and laid stress on the fact that
the Niagara mine had not been includ
ed in the "fraud order" recently issued
by the Postoffice Department against
him and the White Star mines. Or
ders were received yesterday by Post
master Montague to release the Xiag
ara mail.
Niagara Mine Not Included in the
Becent Fraud Order of the
Department.
SOME OF BALLIET'S
MAIL IS» RELEASED
Investigating Shaughnessy's Death.
Detectives O'Dea and Mulcahey have
for the present concluded their investi
gation into the circumstances attend
ing the death of John Shaughnessy, an
efx-convict, on/ Sunday. An autopsy
was made on 'the body by Dr. Baci
galupi yesterday and it showed that
death was probably due to congestion
of the lungs. As it was claimed that
Shaughnessy said he had been drugged
in a house on Grant avenue the stom
ach was sent to the city chemist for
analysis. Meantime O. P. Danis and
William Doyle, who were drinking with
Shaughnessy In their room at 606 How
ard street on Sunday, are being de
tained In "the tanks," pendng the re
port of the chemist.
In the official count now going on of
the recent election Hocks now leads
Loughery by five votes. There is a pos
sibility that he may gain two more
votes, as in the returns of the Sixth
Precinct of the Thirty-ninth Assembly
District there appears to be a dis
crepancy. One of the tally sheets of
this precinct gives a total vote of sixty
six votes, while another gives a total
of sixty-four vote's. This difference
was to Loughery's credit. The board
of this precinct will meet this morn
ing at 10 o'clock and try and ex
plain to the Election Commissioners
how the error occurred and how the
discrepancy of two votes crept in. The
commission made the following changes
yesterday:
In the Thirteenth Precinct of the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District Crocker
lest 5 and Wehe lost 5.
In the Thirty-second Precinct of the
Fortieth Assembly District Eggers
lost 5.
In the Ninth Precinct of the Fortieth
Assembly District Sanderson gained 5.
Discrepancy Discovered That Wijl in
All Probability Give Him
Two more.
HOCKS LEADS LOXJGHERY
FIVE VOTES IN NEW COUNT
The officer was not satisfied with
Reed's explanation and detained him
till Murphy reached the store. Murphy
denied knowing Reed and on looking
over the premises a box of cigars and
two bottles of whisky were found
wrapped in paper, ready to be carried
away. Reed was booked at the City
Prison on a charge of burglary.
Desmond asked Reed what he was
doing there and he replied that there
had been a fight on Mary street and
the window had been broken. As he
knew the proprietor of ths store he
thought he would enter and make an
Investigation.
While Policeman Desmond was pa
troling his beat on Howard street early
yesterday morning he noticed that one
of the windows^ In Conor Murphy's
grocery and saloon at the corner of
Howard and Mary streets had been
broken. He entered the place and dis
covered George F. Reed in the store.
George F. Reed's Story Is Discredited
and He Is Booked for
Burglary.
ACCTJSED^OF BREAKING
' INTO CORNER GROCERY
Strenuous efforts are being made to
capture the runaway, though the
chances are he will never be caught.
A court of investigation probably
will convene within the next few days.
'"Simard deserted ail right, but for
that matter men desert from the army
every day. It Is true that he did take
with him certain Government property,
but there is no doubt at>out his being
captured, as a searching party has al
ready started out after him. An en
listed man In the electrical department
is, as a rule, a few degrees higher than
the general run of enlisted men and
this man was treated as his position
warranted. He had his own little home
on the island, and, so far as I knew,
was a straightforward and honest
man."
Henry Elm&rd, sergeant in the de
partment of electricity, in charge of
the United States torpedo station on
Goat Island, deserted a week ago last
Saturday after having consummated
the theft of 158,400 feet, or Just thirty
miles, of copper wire belonging to the
Government, utilizing a tug for the
purpose. The wire, which traa valued
at about J5000 and weighed in the
neighborhood of three tens, was to have
been laid in the entrance of the harbor
within the next few months.
Simard has been in charge of the
Ftation for nearly a year, and up to
the time of his desertion his r?curd was
pood. Captain Overton, commanding
the electrical department of the station, j
was on eick leave at the time of the
desertion ar.d Lieutenant Charles E.
Urigham was substituted to take the
command.
Captain Overton, who returned to
duty a few days ago, made the follow- '
Ir.g statement yesterday morning re
parding Milliard's desertion and colossal
theft:
"I have just heard of the affair and
am greatly surprised, as I had always !
EurjKised Simard to be a man of ex
treme honesty. Of course, as I was j
away at the time I have nothing to
ray officially in regard to the matter.
Mr. Brigham was in charge during my
absence and he doubtless is acquainted
with the particulars of the case. Should
there be an investigation I do not see
bow I can be held responsible."
Lieutenant Brigham stoutly denies •
that the wire is missing at a!!, but ad
raits that Simard deserted, taking cer
tain Government property with him.
He will not specify either the nature or
the value of the property taken.
There remains no doubt, however,
that Simard did get away with the
plunder. It is the general supposition
that Simard procured the services of
a tug, v.hich landed its burd?n en shore
inside the bay. The different iron works
have been communicated with, but as
yet no clew to the whereabouts of the
missir.g wire has been discovered-
Lieutenant Brigham seems consid
erably upset over the affair, regarding
which he said: •
Officials Send Out Searching Part7,
tut Fail to Strike Trail
cf the Fugitive
Soldier.
Sergeant Simard Gets Away
With Thirty Miles of
Copper Wire.
The contractor and owner were un
able to account for the sudden giving
way of the wall, but it is most likely
that the workmen undermined it.
The horses harnessed to the wagon
that was being • utilized for hauling
away the excavated material were res
cued from their perilous position with
difficulty. Work will be delayed on the
site until the house at 657 Howard
street can be substantially propped. .
J. A. O'Brien, a, contractor, was di
recting the work of excavating the lot
for a new building. Both the lot and
house next to it are owned by A.
Gness of 401 Fourth street. There was
no one livinc in the basement of the
house that collapsed, but the upper
stories were .occupied by Mrs. E. J.
Lanzill. The inmates of the house fled
Into the street terror stricken when the
structure began to topple. A portion
of the brick wall in front remained in
tact and that was all that saved the
whole building from falling into the
excavation.
Several workmen excavating /l lot for
a new building at 653 Haward street
had a narrow escape from death yes
terday afternoon. A 21-inch brick wall
supporting a frame house at 657 How
ard street, next to the lot undergoing
excavation, suddenly crumbled and fell
with a crash, 'burying a wagon and
half covering one of the horses with
debris. The workmen saw the heavy
wall sagging and ran Just in time to
escape being buried beneath tons of
brick and mortar.
While the child's parents are dis
tracted with grief over the awful fate
of their first-born, they do not attach
blame to Miss Stafford or any one else
connected with the hospital. The
father stated yesterday that he will
reserve his opinion until all the facts
are brought out at the inquest to-day.
Miss Stafford has been In the Chil
dren's Hospital about seven months,
and prior to coming there had served
nine months as nurse In a hospital at
Boulder, Colo. She Is very highly
spoken of by the Children's Hospital
medical staff and . Superintendent of
Nurses Brown, all of whom are at a
loss to explain Just how the fire orig
inated.
The kettle contained a quart of water,
half a teaspoonful of turpentine, five
drops of earbolic acid and five drops of
oil of eucalyptus. It was at first
thought that the kettle had exploded,
but that theory does not account for
the blaze, as turpentine was the only
combustible ingredient in the kettle,
and its proportion was so small as to
preclude possibility of the vapor catch
ing fire. A more reasonable hypothesis
Is that the flame of the Ptove was
wafted to the "croup screen" by the
draft made by the nurse opening and
closing the door when she went to the
telephone. An inexplicable phase of the
matter was the melting of the solder
at a joint of the tin pipe, several feet
above the stove.
The fire was caused in some way by
a defective apparatus used for giving
pneumonia patients inhalations of med
icated steam to accelerate thvir breath
ing. The contrivance consists of an
ordinary kettle, heated by a cas stove
placed upon a chair at tne head of the
cot. Attached to the orifice of the ket
tle is a tin pipe, -which conveys the
steam to the interior of a "croup
screen" surrounding the bed. This de
vice is used In most hospitals and at
the Children's Hospital the first acci
dent recorded against it resulted in the
death of Baby Powell.
Albert Powell, the father of the little
victim, is a racetrack follower, and
about a week ago he came here from
Los Angeles with his wife and baby
and took apartments at trie Winchester
House, on Third street. The little one
contracted a cold, and on Thursday her
condition was so serious that the phy
sician in attendance had her sent to
the Children's Hospital. Saturday
night her temperature was 104 degrees
and her breathing very labored, and
Sunday morning her, cot was inclosed
by the "croup screen" and the medi
cated steam administered almost with
out intermission until 9:45 o'clock p. m.,
when the nurse was called away and
the fatal accident happened.
PLAUSIBLE THEOBY.
Miss Ethel Stafford, the nurse who
had charge of the case, was called from
the chamber to answer a telephonic In
quiry from the little patient's parents,
and . when she returned, about three
minutes later, a "croup, screen" en
vironing the cot upon which the little
one lay was in flames and the coverlet
was also ablaze. Hastily plucking the
child from the burning couch the nurse
found that its garment was smoldering
and she quickly wrapped it In a quilt
and then summoned help. Dr. Emma
K. Willits and Superintendent of
Nurses Catharine Brown promptly re
sponded and, labored to alleyiate the
baby's sufferings. Fifteen minutes later
the child was dead.
MYSTERY OF FIRE.
Eleven-months-old Ivy Powell died
at the Children's Hospital last Sunday
evening from the effects of burns ac
cidentally received while she was un
dergoing treatment for acute pneu
monia.
The coast territory of the combine is
to extend as far east as Colorado and
is expected to control the powder trade
of this section of the United States.
Plans for enlarging a number of the
mills have been made already, and par
ticularly for supplying the demand of
the United States Government for
smokeless powder, for which the Du
pont Company has a contract.
Shortly after his arrival here yester
day Penniman started for the interior
with a view of thoroughly inspecting
the various local properties that have
been recently acquired by the combine.
He expects* to return to the city in
about three days. «
R. S. Pennlsonand James L. Hurd of
Dover, representing the Dupont Pow
der Company combine, arrived from
the East yesterday and are staying at
the Palace. They have come West to
take over the several powder compa
nies on this coast which were recently
merged into the Dupont combine and
will enter upon their duties to-day.
It was stated last evening that Pen
niman is to assume charge of the coast
Interests, which include all the powder
mills in' this State except that of the
Giant Company, which refused to en
ter the combine. His arrival here was
followed by considerable speculation as
to whether changes are to be made in
the management of the local concerns,
especially the California Company's
mills, at the head of which is John
Bermingham, his son and J. F. Nes
mith. The report Is that there Is to be
a centralization of management with
its headquarters in this city and that
this move will result in the lopping off
of heads among the higher officials of
the different companies. ,
Advent of the Big Concern
May Lead to Changes • '
in Managers.
Horse Is Half Covered by De
bris and Is Rescued With
Difficulty.
Enlisted Man Deserts
With Government
Property.
Blaze Begins in^ a "Croup
Screen" Surrounding
the Bed.
Daniel Levy, a ladies' tailor, will
probably "cut out", accosting women
on the etreet for some time. After
• • •
All yesterday a pretty, brown-eyed
little girl wandered through the corri
triors of the Hall of Justice. Whenever
'some compassionate, questioner ap
! proached her she fled into the dark of
the women's waiting room and sobbed
her heart out in the shadows. Her
mother; Mrs. Annie Pussl, who lives at
135 Henry street, was up for»hearing
before Judge Fritz on a charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon. The com
plaining witness testified that Mrs.
Pussi had assaulted her with a butcher
knife and cut her hand while endeavor
ing to slash her on the head. Mrs. Pus
si's appearance was so strange that
Judge Fritz deemed it wise, to have her
held pending an examination by the
Commissioners on Lunacy. Conse
quently he refused to reduce the origi
nal bond. The little girl wandered over
the hall waiting for news from her
father that the amount of the bond had
been raised. Occasionally she would
pay a visit to. the Jail and with as brave
a manner as she could summon would
assure her mother In Italian of the cer
tainty of her release before night. In
the twilight the father came down and
told his daughter that her mother must
remain in jail all night. He had been
unable to llnd the sureties. Then the
little one's heart poured over. It was
so lonesome, s=he sobbed, at home with
out her mother that she didn't want to
go back there. So. overwhelming was
her grief that some of the officials made
It possible for her to spend the night in
Jail with her mother. Then the sunlight
broke through her tears. It was a fa
vor she had hardly hoped for— to spend
a night in jail' with her mother. The
father Bays he is certain of obtaining
the sureties to-day for the release of
his wife..
• " • •
John F. Tyler met a stranger - and
took him in. The stranger told the
charitable man that his name was Ed
ward Burns and that he was strictly
"up against it." The birds of the air
had their nests, he said, and the foxes
their holes, but he (Burns) had naught
whereon to lay his head. Tyler's com
passion was moved and he offered
Burns the hospitality of his room at 66
Minna street and made him comforta
ble. Burns is a gambler and loves the
races, but he is willing- to gamble on
anything. Wherefore he concluded to
gamble with his benefactor. He bet
himself that he could beat Tyler wak
ing up In the morning and he won. He
arose first and took the stakes. They
consisted of a bank book calling for
$150 at the German Savings Bank. He
told the cashier,that his name was Ty
ler and was given the money. Since
then he ha3 been rolling them high at
the race track, but avoiding Tyler.
Consequently the latter swore out a
warrant for the arrest of his false
friend and the police are looking for
him.
Thomas F. Keating told a tale of love
militant to Judge Mogan yesterday. He
had been arrested. on complaint of Liz
zie Farrell for battery. The alleged
battery occurred in a lodging-house at
Fifth and Folsom streets Sunday night.
Thomas told the Judge that Lizzie was
'•his rag." "I love the goil, Judge," he
said, "and 1 never meant to hurt her.
I'm goin' to marry her." Further de
posing, he told how he found her at the
head of the stairs in the lodging-house
"getting gay" with his hated rival.
Then he threw her downstairs and
went down and tried to throw her up
again, but the burden was too heavy.
So after Lizzie had been bounced
around some she landed in the matron
ly bosom of the landlady, who drove
the strenuous lover (forth into the
street. All this Keating told the Judge,
who reproved him strongly for hi3
manner of wooing and found him guilty
of battery. He will be assessed some
corrective amount to-morrow morning.
Captain John Spillane and Policeman
J. J. Conlan were riding up Third street
Sunday afternoon, marveling at the
beauty of the~day and the peace and
quietude of the district south of the
slot. Suddenly in the vicinity of How
ard street wild yells rent the air. The
two officers fell off the car and rushed
into what appeared to be a Panama
revolution on a large scale. Out of a
multitude of arms going like flails they
dragged Tommy Snailham, a putative
prizefighter, and a newsboy named
Armstrong, who had got so badly
tangled up with his opponent that he
couldn't let loose. Both of them were
taken to the Southern ttation, where
it was found that Snailham had suf
fered a broken finger. Both Armstrong
and the prizefighter appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday. "He tried to
cave in me nut wid a cobble stone.
Judge," said Armstrong. "Den I mixed
it wid him a little." Captain Spillane
bore out the newsboy's story, and he
was allowed to depart In peace. Snail
ham will get what's coming to him next
Friday morning.
Many a cow will have to be sold to
liquidate the expenses of the good time
that Edward F. Snell, a cattle man
from Santa Clara County, enjeyed Sun
day night through the tenderloin dis
trict of the city. Having, imbibed some
decoction that impelled him to a course
of destruction he went on his way
smashing window panes with his fists.
Before the strong arm of the law
reached for him he had broken three
plateglass windows in as many dif
ferent establishments along Kearny
street. When a policeman besought
him to desist he insisted on punching
the guardian of the law with the re
sult that the windows of his scul were
shattered some when he appeared be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday. The ar
resting officer said that the cattle man
had paid for all the damage he had
done. He was penitent and pleaded with
the Judge to let him go back again to
his cattle range, where windows are
not and destructive concoctions are re
placed by pure mountain streams.
After a lecture on the perils of going
astray in a large city Edward was ad
vised to catch the first train back to
the range and then released.
the fog made him shudder and
shiver. For two days he fought against
the unpleasant weather and- then he
stole a stove. It was only a. little gas
heater, valued at $2 50, and the owner
thereof was John Day. However, the
predatory instincts of the fTerkeley
gentleman were aroused and he went
on his way searching for some isolated
gas works that ' he might purloin to
supply fuel for his stolen acquisition.
Before he located the gas works the
police located him and he appeared be
fore Judge Conlan yesterday to sing
the epic of the gasless heater and the
chill east wind that drove him to crime.
The Judge heard him and found him
.guilty of petty larceny. There will be
something coming to the Berkeley man
on Saturday.
OUT from the classic shades of
Berkeley — comfortably warm
shades — came Fred Hynes to a
city where the chill breezes and
James O'Neill had a spot of white
wash ; on his shoulder and was there
fore " arrested as ' a . possible porch
climber last week by Detectives O'Dea,
Archie Burton, John Qulnn and John
McCarthy, three boys only V. years
old, who are accused qf having stabbed
Martin Kruger, a grocery' keeper on
Secdnd street, were up for arraign
ment before Judge Mogan yesterday
but their cases went over until Novem
ber 23 to await the outcome of Kruger's
Injuries. Reports from Dr. McGinty at
St. Mary's Hospital showed that the
injured grocery man would probably
die. : Some testimony was taken tend
ing to show that the three young hood
lums entered the bar of the grocery
and demanded drinks, which • Kruger
refused to give them. They then went
Into the grocery portion of the estab
lishment and wrecked It. When Kruger
attempted to eject them they attacked
him with knives and wounded him four
times, probably fatally, .^v .
An attachment was issued yesterday
by Judge Fritz for the person of Grace
Howard, the complaining witness in a
criminal libel charge against Arthur
G. Wheeler, a mining man, whom she
accuses of circulating charges detri
mental to her character. Wheeler has
been In custody for more than a week,
being unable to secure bonds, and the
complaining witness apparently would
like to drop the matter. However
Judge Fritz wants to hear the rest of
the testimony and will attempt to force
the attendance of the complaining wit
ness if she can be found by the police.
• Claude Jones, who, during the course
of an argument in a saloon on Mason
street, swatted Frank Brady on the
head with a cuspidor in a rude and un
seemly manner, was fined $100 by Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday. The charge
originally was assault with a deadly
weapon, but was reduced by consent
of the prosecution.
Yee Sing, who is accused of having
killed a countryman named Yee Gee
some months ago. over the winning of
an Oriental maiden's affections, is un
dergoing his preliminary examination
for murder before Judge Mogan.
George H. Bahrs appears for the prose
cution and Hiram Johnson for the de
fense. Yee Gee was shot twice from
behind as he emerged from Ross Alley
and fell on the curb of Washington
street.' Yee Sing was found some hours
later hiding on the roof of a China
town gambling house, through which
the witness testified the assassin had
made his escape. The hearing will
probably last several days.
• . • ¦ •
Alfredo /Goling and Pedro Revers
were held in $2000 bonds yesterday by
Judge Conlan on the charge of bur
glary. Sunday. morning they forced an
entrance to a jewelry store at 512
Broadway. Revers stood on the out
side to guard against surprises and his
companion entered the store and began
to ransack the premises. Before the
pair secured any plunder they were
surprised by Corporal Fraher and Po
licemen Holmes and Silver, who are
usually to' be found whenever a crim
inal is plying his trade on the Barbary
Coast. The intruders offered no ex
planation of their presence in the
Jewelry store and will have to answer
to the charge of burglary in the Su
perior Court.
Because they needed the money,
John H. Gilmore. alias Morgan, and
Michael Ryan, alias Golden, two typi
cal crooks, walloped a waiter named
Adolph Miller on Sacramento street
Wednesday night until h\was helpless.
They abstracted a $5 gold piece from
his pocket and also took his new derby
hat. As they fled up the street they
plumped into the arms of a couple of
burly policemen, who put them in a
place where wallops are barred. Thence
they came before Judge Conlan yester
day, charged with robbery and were
bound over in the sum of $2000 each
to answer to the Superior Court for
their rigorous treatment of the home
ward bound waiter.
Conrad Keith, an aged street sweeper,
who is said to have in bank upward of
$25,000, was convicted of petty larceny
in Judge Conlan's court yesterday and
will be sentenced Thursday. He was
arrested several days ago by Detectives
Taylor and Ryan because he had pur
chased a clock from a man who had
stolen it. The police say that the aged
sweeper had been in the habit of re
ceiving stolen property and disposing
of it. Despite the wealth that Keith
is possessed of, he refused to bail him
self out and lay in Jail during the time
his case was under consideration.
Neither would he hire an attorney. He
asserts that if a fine is imposed he will
serve the time out rather than part
with any of his money. He is one of
the strange, miserly characters of a
great city and counts no cost too great
to retain his gold and no method too
unworthy to win it.
George T. Querbock. charged with the
murder of his fiancee, Mrs. Annie Wil
son, at her home, 5 Capp street, was
arraigned before Judge Fritz yester
day and instructed as to his righ'
The further hearing of the case was
set for November 23, when the result
of the Coroner's inquest will be known.
Querbock is accused of kicking his af
flanced wife to death and cutting her
wedding garments into shreds in a
jealous rage. The autopsy surgeon
stated in his report that the woman
had died of fatty degeneration of the
heart. The mutilated clothes and the
fact that Querbock had gone into hid
ing after the discovery of the woman's
body aroused the suspicion of the po
lice, who arrested him when he reap
peared. To the arresting officer he ad
mitted having: kicked the woman sev
eral times and leaving her lying on the
floor. His admissions resulted in a
charge of murder against him, the out
come of which will probably depend on
the result of the incuest.
spending a week In jail under a bond
so high .that his friends could not lib
erate him, Judge Cabaniss fined him
$40 yesterday, which amount was paid
into the citv treasury after some of
the accused man's friends had spent
several hours raising the money. Levy
was accused of having approached the
Misses Angela and Alvenlsa Satoris,
aged 18 and 16 years, who live with
their parents at 1641 Howard street,
and. seizing the elder one by the arm,
made an indecent proposal to them.
The sirls testified that they tried to
avoid him, but he followed them to a
musiti studio on Geary street. They
informed the DKifessor of Levy's ob
jectionable attentions. The professor
summoned a policeman, who arrested
the "masher" in a nearby restaurant.
The defendant had a number of wit
nesses to testify to his former good
character, and in view of the fact that
he had already spent a week in Jail
Judge Cabaniss leniently fixed the fine
at $40. This punishment will probably
be sufficient to hold Levy for a while
and will serve a necessary warning to
a large class of objectionable men who
make it unsafe for women to walk the
streets unescorted.
Dupont Powder Com
bine Prepares to En
ter Local Field.
Brick Wall Collapses
and Laborers Run
for Lfves\
Cot Catches Fire While
Nurse Is Absent
FrQm Chamber.
FLAMES SLAY
BABY PATIENT
Criminals 2nd Unfortunates Tell Their Troubles to Judges,
Who Rigorously Treat Unworthy, Cheer Up the Meek
and Lowly and Deal Out Justice Mercifully and Impartially
HIRES A TUG
TO CARRY OFF
HIS PLUNDER
TRUST'S AGENTS
TAKE CONTROL
WORKMEN NEARLY
BURIED ALIVE
CULLINGS OF ONE DAY FROM
POLICE COURTS OF THE CITY
THE SAN FBA.N CISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1903.
Jordan Sues for Damages.
Thomas J. Jordan, who last January
was severely beaten at Pythian Castle
by a number of prominent coursing
men, filed a suit for $32,000 damages
yesterday. The defendants in the suit
are John and James Grace, M. Nealon
and John Holton.
Henry Stiles and John *NIles, who
were convicted by a jury in Judge
Dunne's court on a charge of an at
tempt to commit burglary, were sen
tenced yesterday. Stiles was sent to
Folsom penitentiary for two years and
Niles to San Quentin Tor one year.
They were arrested on the morning of
June 23 while attempting to break into
the drugstore of E. J. Smith. 138 Eddy
BtreeL
Would-Be Burglars Sentenced.
Four attorneys occupied the time of
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday In arguing demurrers, to the
indictments charging William F.
Dasha. Thomas J. Dempsey. T. T. Bur
nett and three Chinese with conspiracy
to land Chinese illegally in the United
States. The arguments were made by
W. Schooler. Bert Schlesinger. Samuel
M. Shortridge and W. West. The prin
cipal ground of demurrer was that tne
Indictments did not specify the details
of the alleged conspiracy. ,The matter
was taken under advisement. :*";Z''
Substitution Cases Argued.
Accused of Stealing Tobacco.
John Gerloch, a teamster for McXab
& Smith, was booked at the City Prison
yesterday on a charge of petty larceny
by Corporal Egan. He is accused of
stealing a box of tobacco from the
wagon of another teamster last Tues
day. He is said to have sold It to S.
G. Lackman, gTocer, Broderick and
Leavenworth streets, who sold It to C.
F. Boysen, grocer, 101S Folsom street,
where it was recovered.
7
. WeTl send yoo a sample free, trpon leqnest.
6COTT£t-EOWKE. 409 Fcaxl Street. Sew York.
Take Scott's Emulsion of
Cod Liver Oil now. Not
next week or next month, but
now. You need it to put fat
on your bones and strength
in your body to stand the
cold and trying weather of
the next few months.
Nine-tenths of the popula-
tion would be benefited by
taking Scott's Emulsion regu-
larly three times a day for a
month or more every fall to
fortify and strengthen the
system against the cold and
constant changes that occur
through the winter. The
benefit is particularly marked
with young, delicate children.
No food that they can take
begins to compare with
Scott's Emulsion.
Pure cod liver oil is scarce
but if you get Scott's Emul-
sion you'll be sure to get only
the purest and best oiL •
SCOTT'S ZMTJXSION.
NOW IS THE TIME.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
IMPORTANT
TO
PSANO
BUYERS.
Pommer-Eilers Music Co.'s Great
Clearance Sale of Good Square
Pianos — The Money-Saving
Piano Event of the Year — Sale
Lasts Only Two Days— Best
and Most Reliable Makes of
Pianos at One-Third to One-
Half Less Than Regular Prices
— Easy Payments to Suit Pur-
chasers — Interesting Informa-
tion in Prices and Terms as
Follows :
"We ar» constantly taking square piaaoa in
exchange for uprights because u?r!?hta take
I up leas of the parlor space, yet square pianos
are tuneful and fine. Is your room bis
enough? Come quickly, or writs or phone.
We never had so many good ones at on* time
and we must sell them in & hurry to gala
room. To those who want a pfano for a child
who is beginning, or those who will hay* to
purchase an instrument in a year or two and
consider the saving of a goodly sum of money
as a prime factor, this great clearance sale la
of unqoestfonable importance. This 1 sale o'
square pianos at remarkable prices on ex-
tremely easy payments will become a> most
popular event in the history of piano selling
in Saa Francisco.
This sale lasts but two days. It will pay you
to make an early call to secure these choice
bargains.
1 STEIXWAT — The • finest model of equare
I" piano Steinway ever produced: sold when
new at $3C0. Special sale price on this.. $95
A piano of this quality will sell at regular
Steinway agencies for $250.
VOSE & SON" — Rosewood case, 7 1-3 oc-
taves, wholly modern scale: carved legs
and lyre; a good one of that line that
: made a reputation in squares $23
I CKICKERIXG — Ebony case; 6V, octaves:
full plate; heavily overstrung; carved
legs and lyre; very moderate uoe and
good care is evident from the extra good
condition of this instrument: powerful,
yet musical; not noisy cr "tinny." Sale
¦ price ....$2T
IVOSE & SOX — Rosewood case, natural
color; 7 octaves; octagon legs; plain
lyre; full Iron frame; good tone; only
moderate power; fine condition through-
: out. Sale price $42
! FISCHER — Finest model of this make;
prtce when new $500; sale price $43
j BEATTT — FuM iron frame; sound and In
good condition; sweet tone; very easy
1 touch. Sale price $-IH
STEIXWAT— Rosewood- case. 7 1-3 octaves;
second-hand squares of this old and well-
known make are always good and this
one is well preserved. It Is smaller than
the average square. Sale price $79
VOSE A SOX — Ebony case. 7 1-3 octaves:
excels In volume and quality of tone
and Is an undersized square; we espe-
cially commend It. Sale priee $07
HALI/— Rosewood case, 7 1-3 octaves;
squares of this make are famous; this
1.4 a good one. sound as a dollar and up>
to their best average in quality of tone
and power. Sale price .^3H
TSBMS:
All pianos are for sale on terms of JS down
and $3 per month, and some instruments may
be had for as little as $6 down and $3 per
month.
XTTTjIiT GUAKAUTEED.
All pianos guaranteed fully. Any instru-
ment purchased at this sale may be exchange!
within two years toward the purchase of an-
other instrument If desired. If every one In
this city could realize the exact situation as
Jt Is nothing would be left for sale by Thura-
| day night.
Pommer-Eilers Music Go.
Saa Francisco's Busiest and Best Piaao Store.
653 MARKET STBZZT.
'-•Next to the Examiner Building.
IT'S NOT A STIMULANT
YOU WANT, BUT A CURE.
4&x Some Nene Remedies f"^
pip Stimulate But Do y ?
Is a Xerve tonic that cures and yon stay enred.
XERVAX TABLETS are for the cure of Xer-
, vousness. They produce restful sleep aad a>
good appetite.
One of the leading druggists of this city
truthfully says: "If I were offered 11000 to
prepare a better formula than Xervan I couM
not do it. It is the most wonderful preparatloa
in the world."
Thin. Xervous, Careworn persons and Brain
workers should not hesitate, but take XERVAX.
They renew Vigor and Vitality la young aad
old.
You never hear anything but words of praise
for them from people who have tried them and
know their worth.
The following are a few of thousands of ex-
pressions unsolicited:
The Delmonico. Guide Rock. Xeb.. Xor. 8.
1903. — Xervan Tablet Co.. Chicago. I1L —
Gentlemen: My wife and myself have taken
three boxes of Xervan Tablets and I think it Is
the best medicine on earth. We are both gain-
ing In flesh and strength. We both cheerfully
: recommend Xervan Tablets to the suffering hu-
manity and safely vouch for its many qualities.
If the above ia of any benefit to you you can
use it as a testimonial. We are ever ready to
vouch for its good qualities. Tours for success,
T. J. MALOXET AXD WIFE.
Lock Box O, Guide Rock. Xeb.
Xenran Tablet Co.. Chicago. 111.—
Dear Sirs: I am using XERVAX for general
debility and lost energy. As an energy builder
they cannot be beat. I feel like 23 years old
snd I am SO. I would oot be without them and
I will try and Induce others to take them.
S. A. READ.
GriswoW. HI, Oct. 5, 1903.
RCU'4DP oi JiO'Ji-l preparations that contain
DC v Ant. aJcohcl. They stimulate for a time,
but in . the end do you great harm. You take
no chances with XERVAX TABLETS, as they
contain no alcohol or other Injurious Ingredi-
ents.
You who suffer from Vital Weakness. Loss of
Memory. dUflculty In concentrating your
thought loss of energy and ambition, dark cir-
cles under the eyes, weak back, etc., should not
delay, but take the p*er of all Nerve and Blooj
remedies. XERVAX TABLETS. They will
surely cure you.
Sold and recommended by
TJNIOH DSXJO COMPANY STORES:
214 Kearny Street.
Stockton aad OTarrell Streets.
Market Street and Van Hess Aveaa*.
Sixth, Street, corner Mission. »
318 Montgomery Avenue.
400 Sutter Street.
Valencia Street, cor. Twesty-Toixd.
California and rillinore Streets,
or sent direct upon receipt of Si.
HEBTAg TABLET CO, Chicago, VL
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA-
tor and Xervtne.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER, ALFS ft BRUXE. Aeents.
323 Market St.. S. F.— <3end for Circulars.)
**f$^^,jB MENANDWOME??.
4ra§££jrCraE»^(&y UseBlcefornnnatarU
SSSf OuruiMd ll irritttlont or ulceritloas
|KJ mtt t* nrleurt. ™ ofmacoui metabrmw.
fTTX Pr-rtmtt Ct»u»i«i. P%la'if», »nd not aitria*
tfaVviHEETASSCHEMlCHCO. f»ot or powonou*. ' ,
%5ff\ Cl!Ba"UTl,O.IfHH *•>«* *X BrunUt*, '
wjUk c. a. a. "36SSf" or stnt la pUln wraprtr.
tcHs^bwl—^sRH >>y «xpr*M. prepaid, far
TCtygHiaaaPyiB ti.oo.or3bottiMi2.rs.
' e *Bfflgr ar * y H Circular i«ct oa rtqusft.
THE WEEKLY CALL
.
$1 &e>r Year.
ADVEBTISF.TVrF.NTS.
DECEMBER NUMBER
I 1 THE f
A MACA^ OF
; ZINE I CLEVERNESS \
OUT TQ-DAY
THIS IS A GOOD MAGAZINEOpportunity may open the door to suc
cess, but it don't waste any time on Intro
ductions. • ••
Some people have a way of getting there
before they realise how fast they are gt*
ing.:; ... -,:;•, ¦ .. ,...,.„ -'. - „-, : ,,....>
Olympic Club Bondholders— Holders
of bonds are requested to assemble in
the red room of the Olympic Club on
Wednesday evening, the 25th, 1903. at 8
o'clock. • .
• WILLIAM GREER HARRISON, Pres \
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 16.~While
engaged in work near a gasoline en
gine to-day Ladeo ¦ Ruiz, a Mexican,
struck a match to light a cigarette. The
flames ignited the fumes of the gasoline
and ) an explosion followed. Ruiz .was
burned I to a crisp and John ! Ward, a
fellow workman, suffered serious in
juries. . ",'-•-¦-¦
"Workman Burned to Death.
Some women are so good that they
make every one else feel downright sav
age. .; ¦¦. :¦_
It is better to laugh even when your
face hurts as if It were being unrlveted.
KANSAS CITY. Nov. 16.— Henry J.
Rosecrans, a banker and stockman, well
known in . the West, died at his home
here to-day of paralysis. He was born
in Walworth County, Wls., in 1*42, and
served through the Civil War In the
Twcnty-Etcond Wisconsin Volunteers.
Kansas City Banker Dies.
Mary Lenz, who resides at 412 Eu
reka .street, was Injured in a runaway
accident yesterday. She was driving a
spirited horse on Sixth street, when the
animal took fright and got beyond her
control. The horse swerved into Bran
nan street and the woman was thrown
out and suffered a fracture of the
shoulder blade. She was taken to the
Emergency Hospital and attended by
Dr. Weyer. The horse collided with a
lumberplle and was captured.
Woman Injured in Runaway.
R^nfi ?7. ~ ting was f °rmerly Lady
faybil Cuffe, youngest daughter of the
fc-arl and Countess of Desart. ¦ Her
marriage to W. Bayard Cutting at All
balnts Church, Ennismoor Garden,
London, in April, 1901, was one of the
greatest social events of the English
metropolis that season and attracted
widespread interest, especially in that
it was one of the few occasions on rec
ord where an English noble woman be-
Ca^M he w ' fe ° f an American citizen.
at the time was secretary to
S3£^ S - ad0 S Choate and through official
position and wealth was enabled to at
tain an enviable position in London so
ciety After a prolonged honeymoon
on the eastern continent the young
couple Journeyed over to this side
where society feted them for aeveral
months.
Although the bride of young-Cutting
had always been accustomed to belmr
addressed as "lady" in her own coun
try she hafl hardly set foot on Ameri
can soil before she discarded her title
and thereafter insisted that she should
be known only as "Mrs." Cutting, the
wife of an American who possessed no
titles and wanted none. Frequently,
when former friends and associates of
her girlhood days have crossed the
Atlantic and greeted her as Lady Sybil
Mrs. Cutting quietly admonished, them
to address her as an American woman
Returning from Europe young Cut
ting entered the- office of his father and
has since become one of the in^mbers
of the bis firm. With the senior Cut
ting he is largely interested in beet
sugar lands, a number of which are
located in this State, and It was a de
sire to inspect, these 'properties that
prompted his trip to the coast at this
time of the year. -The Cuttings expect
to remain here for several days and
will then make a tour of f the interior of
the State. ' - , ,
W. Bayard Cutting Jr., son of one of
New York's beet sugar magnates and
prominent Jurists, accompanied by his
wife. Mr. and Mrs. George C. Ward
and Gordon Gardiner, arrived from the
East yesterday in a private car and ls
staying at the Palace.
Chief of- Police Wittman is making
an effort to enforce the ordinance of
the Board of Supervisors relative to
the speed of automobiles v.ithin the
fire limits, owing to the fact that the
chauffeurs insist upon racing their ma
chines on Market street in violation of
the measure, which provides that the
maximum speed shall not exceed eight
miles an hour and half that spef d over
street crossings, that the lives of pedes
trains who seek to cross the crowded
thoroughfare, may not be Jeopardized.
Acting under instructions from Chief
Wittman, Captain Spillane " of the
Southern station detailed Patrolmen T.
P. Kinch and A. F. McPhee Jast night
to arrest all who violated the provisions
of the ordinance. H. M. Holbrook,
treasurer of the firm of Holbrook, Mer
rill & Stetson, was the first automo
blllst to come to grief, but was soon
followed by Ralph D. Merrill, son of
J. F. Merrill of the same firm, and H.
J. Kaufman, manager of the • Bothin
Real Estate Company.
The three gentlemen were endeavor
ing to break Barney OldfieldV records
on Market street when overhauled by
the vigilant officers. The trio were
taken to the Hall of Justice and booked
on charges of violating bill 1068, ordi
nance 898, of the Board of Supervisors.
They were subsequently released upon
the deposit of $10 cash bail each.
The ordinance under which they- were
arrested was passed June 22 of this
year and was immediately signed by
the Mayor. In addition to the provis
ions relative to the speed the order
provides that upon approaching a
crossing a signal must be giwn to warn
pedestrians. A violation of ; the ordi
nance is punishable by a fine, not to
exceed $500 or by imprisonment in the
County Jail not to exceed six months
or by both such fine and Imprisonment.
It is anticipated that the arrests made
will have a salutary effect upon those
enthusiastic chauffeurs who make no
distinction between the racetrack and
Market street. >*•-.-
Chief Wittman Intends"
to Stop Racing on
. Streets.
Lady Sybil Prefers to Be
Known as Mrs. Bay
ard Cutting-.' *
DISCARDS HER
ENGLISH TITLE
POLICE CAPTURE
AUTOMOBILISTS
"Young Corbett," the r champion
feather-weight of the world, left Den
ver last night for San Francisco. He
will. arrive within a few days and will
go immediately into training for his
battle with Eddie Hanlon, to be fought
in December under the auspices^ of the
Hayes Valley Athletic Club. .
The Yosemite Athletic Club has prac
tically signed Fitzsimmons and Jim
Corbett to fight twenty rounds in May.
Manager Coffroth visited - Fltassim-,
mons last week and secured con
sent and he has already obtained Cor
bett's permission to bind a I match.
These old enemies will meet if Fitzsim
mons defeats Gardner. If the Cornish
man is defeated George Gardner will
be matched to fight Corbett. '¦ ¦
Paul Martin and Joe Carroll will meet
to-morrow night before the Bay City
Athletic Club and decide who is en-,
titled to wear the laurels of amateur
feather-weight champion of the coast.
This contest will be well worth see
ing. Both are extremely clever and are
very evenly matched. The balance of
the card consists of: Teddy Woods vs.
Willie O'Brien, 115 pounds; Bob'Lundie
vs. Jack Moriarity, 125 pounds; E.
Knock vs. Dick Cullen, 118 'pounds;
Nobby Otts vs. Jack Keegan, 135
pounds; Joe Larkin vs. Jack Burke, 130
pounds.
George Cole, a colored boxer of Phila
delphia, who has a long string of vic
tories to his credit, is coming to the
coast to. fight before the Colma Ath
letic Club. He is anxious to box the
"Dixie Kid," Al Neil. Harry Foley,
Dave Barry or Billy Woods.
.Manager Coffroth . may match the
"Dixie Kid'.V and Dave Barry .to fight
a preliminary battle to the Fitzslm
mons-Gardner contest. Barry is train-
Ing Gardner and is in good condition.
The "Dixie Kid" has a manager who is
willing to put up a side bet to bind the
contest.
Fred Landers is training with Canole.
He is to box Maurio Herrera, a brother
to Aurelia, ~t as a '. preliminary to the
Britt-Canole fight.
YOUNG COBBETT COMING.
man. He has two good hands
and uses his cleverness to ad
vantage. He is cleverer than Herrera
and has the advantage over the Mex
ican in height and reach. Herrera pos
sesses a dangerous punch,' arid. he will
land it as often as he canl Herrera is
favorite in the betting by reason of his
punching ability and long ring experi
ence. Cordell is picked to win by a
large bunch of ring-goers.- . / : .
Clipper is no stranger to the Califor
nia circuit, but for the last two years
was reserved for road purposes.' Colonel
Kirkpatrick came out victorious in
The trophy, which is a superb sample
of the silverworker's art, win* hold an
honored place in the collection of prizes
and souvenirs owned by Colonel Kirk
patrick. The inscription on the cup
reads as follows: "Memphis Trotting
Association, 2:05 class, pacers to wag
on—John C. Kirkpatrick's b. g. Clipper.
Time, 2:06%, 2:0654. World's ! record,
1903." .
COLONEL JOHN C. KIRKPAT
RICK was the recipient yester
day of the handsome silver tro
phy won by his speedy pacer
Clipper, 2:05 1 .i, when driven* by
the millionaire reinsman, H. If. Dev
eroux. The California bred horse de
feated Tom Keene, driven by E. E.
Smathers, and Green Line, with C. K.
Billings up, in the race for 2:05 class
pacers to wagon, decided on October
25 last, at the Memphis Trotting Asso
ciation meeting.
The particular sums paid under pro
test are respectively $8070 and $5449 76,
being the taxes charged to the bank on
these two accounts. It is also claimed by
the bank that the State Board of Equali
zation had no right or power to consider
the value of the franchise or to add to
the assessor's valuation of the franchise.
The Bank of California paid its taxes
yesterday and at the same time filed a
protest with the City and County Tax
Collector against the payment of that
portion of taxes charged on account of
its franchise. The bank objects to the
assessment of $750,000 on the franchise
made by Assessor Dodge, and also ob
jects to the raise made by the State
Board of Equalization in the sum of
1175.000. "
Bank of California Claims No Asses
ment Should Be Placed on
Its Franchise.
PAYS TAXES AND FILES
PROTEST AT SAME TIME
many a brush with his crack "side
wheeler" over the Golden Gate speed
way. Clipper was sent East in charge
of his trainer, James Thompson of
Pleasanton, who had his charge in per
fect condition for the Memphis meet.
Of course, Torn Keene, with a record
of 2:04^4, was considered invincible by
the Smathers following:, although
Green Line, the Billings entry, had
shown a mile In 2:05 only a few days
prior to the race. H. K. Deveroux of
Cleveland is considered one of the most
skillful amateur reinsmen in the coun
try, and when he volunteered to drive
Clipper the offer was quickly accepted.
The heats were intensely exciting and
the following paragraph taken from an
Eastern exchange gives a brief review
of the contest: After scoring twice to
an even start the word "go" was given.
As Clipper reached the quarter-mile
pole his nose was in tront, and from
there on he came along easily, finishing
the mile in 2:06%. The next heat was
a repetition of the former, Clipper win
ning, again in 2:06%, which made him
the champion wagon eeldlng of the
world.
HANDSOME TROPHY AND THE CALIFORNIA BRED PACER, CLIP
PER. OWNED BY COLONEL J. C. KIRKPATRICK OF THIS CITY,
THAT WON IT AT THE RECENT MEMPHIS MEET. ,
On Tuesday, December 1, beginning at
9:30 o'clock In the morning, the qualify
ing round over eighteen holes, medal play,
of the competition for the council's cup
for women will be held, the eight com
petitors who return the lowest scores to
qualify for the match play. On Wednes
day, December 2." the first match round
will* be played. On Thursday, December
3. the second or seml-flnal round will take
place. On Friday. December 4, the final
round will be played. .
• On Tuesday. December 15. there will be
a handicap over eighteen holes, medal
play. On Tuesday, December 23. thece
will be foursomes over eighteen holes,
medal play.
On January 12, 1904, the qualifying
round over eighteen holes, medal play, of
the second competition for the council's
cup for women will be held, the best
eight to qualify. On January 13 the open-
Ing match play round will take place, to
be followed on the 14th by the seml-flnal
round, and on the 15th by the final round.
On January 25 there will be a handicap
over eighteen holes against bogey.
On' February 9, 10. 11 and 12 the third
competition for the council's cup for
women will be played.
On February 23 there will be a handicap
over eighteen holes, '-medal play. On
March 8 a team match will be played
and on March 22 a handicap over eighteen
holes, medal play.
Play In all the events, except where
stated otherwise, will- begin at 9:30 in the
morning and the winner of each event
will receive a prize.
This morning the ladies of the San
Francisco Golf Club -will open the winter
season on the Presidio links with an
eighteen-hole handicap, medal play, the
winner of which will receive a prize.
Play will begin at 9:30 o" clock.
The tournament committee has ar
ranged a schedule of events for the
Ladies' Annex. On Saturday. November
2J, beginning at 2 p. m.. there will be
handicap mixed foursomes, over eighteen
holes, medal play. On "Wednesday. No
vember 25. beginning 1 at 2 p. m.. there will
also be . handicap mixed foursomes, over
eighteen holes, medat play.
Several Events Have Been Arranged
for Ladies' Annex of San
Francisco Club.
WOMEN OPEN" THE GOI-P
SEASON ON CITY LINKS
5312. FIRST RACE — Futurity course; selling; 3-year-cld»; value to first, 1320:
Index! Horse and Owner. I Wt St. «i. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. OP- Cl.
B29.1 jRtep Around <F. DevinJ 104 1 ... '1 % 2 1%3 2 1 2>,4i'H!ldebrand 6-5 6-5
Sltft* iKIfln KinB (Herzog) 109 4 ... 5 £H3 n 2 % 2 % Ferrell o-2 J
jEgg Xcgg (S. G. Morton) 103 2 ... 4n 44 4 2 8 2V4fAdkins }?
4874 iBatldor (W. P. Fine) 10ti 8 ... 1 Xi, 1 % 1 % 4 lUIChandler .. 30 *)>
MG1 JMerwan (J. J. McAllester) 100 « ... 84 52 52 86 V. Hair.... 15 13.
4671 iMaud Muller (Mm. Miller) 101 7 ' ... 3 n 0 8 B2.«Vj Connell 50 CO
Mftl jpherry (J. Woods) 1..104 5... 8 10 7n 73 73 Lotson 8 1J
44WS I Indlna (Stockton Stable) UW 9 ... U U 82 85 Kunr 20 30
4!»«?4 Wronger tKtrk & Oo.) 9S 8 ... 7 1^86 9 9 J. I^ewls. . ¦ __j0__ —
Time— :!>« A1& Futurity Course 1:14. At poet 5',4 minutes. Off at 2:17^. Step Around,
jlace. 1-2; nhow, 1-4. Elfin King:, place. 1; jhow, 1-2. Eg?r Ncgp, show. 2. Winner.
I ch t. by 8t. G«jrge- Gadabout. Trained by T. Boyle. Start Rood. Won in a hard drive
of three. Winner was hard ridden to collar and subdue Batidor. Elfin King well sup
iwrted. Egg N<-gg run out a bit through the stretch. Sherry lacked speed. Conger away
poorly.
r>3i:i. SECOND RACE— Blx furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325:
Index! Horse and Owner. WtjSt. >4 - \i- 9»- Str. Ftn. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
3488 {Quiet. 4 (H. E. Rowell) 97 9 ... 1 % 1 1%1 3 1 81-i'Reed 8 8
(4770)ilviogo. 4 (S. Rafour) 110 1 ... 5h 4 2^3 V, 2 n See 16 15
<r.305rMadame Bishop, a a.T.Strlte)|104i 2 ... 2H3 1%2n 3 4 |J. Lewis... 8 15
50C4 Matt Hogen, »i i\V. P. Magran)ilOO'10 ... 4 1W2 2 4 5 4 T, Ferrell 4-5 3-5
4790 iNullah. a ul. McKenzie) 100 4 ... 3 h 5 % 0 »$ 5 4 W Xarvaez. 15% 30
5195 |F.Jueate. 5 <C. VV. Chsppell). • 109 7 ... 8 2 6 1»£5 1 H 6 i.Stuart 10 25
<51 04) i Flourish. 4 (S. I'oik) 107j 8 ... 71 7 % 7 2 7n iFell 10 15
i :i«4<> !Fou! Play. « (J. Xichoin) |1(M| 3 ... 6 2 8 2 8 2 K 10 JHildebrand 12 15
.We |E1 Pllar, 4 <H. Haokell) ilO5j « ... 10 10 10 9 2>~'> Chandler .. 30 f.0
9SS IBilly Taylor, f. (W. Leavy> 11131 5 . . . fl n 9 1 Hill "|D. Slaughtr 20 20
Time — :25ii. :50> 4 , 1:17. At j»ost 4V-i minutes. Off at 2:44. Quiet, placei5-2; show. 1. Ido- •
go. place, «; show, .5. Madam Bishop, *how. 2. Winner, oh. g. by Oold Finch -Silence.
Trained by II. E. Rowell. Scratched— El Piloto. Torilft. Start good for all but Matt
Hcgan. Won easily. Next two driving to the limit. Quiet is fast and carried some sta
ble money. Idogo buffeted about. Matt Hogan was slow to get away and then looked
a winner at head of «tretch. Ferrell did not understand him. Educate can do better.
Flourish ran out. Foul play quit early.
r>rtH. THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; purse; two-year-olds; value to first. ?325.
Ind«x I Horee and Owner. IWtjSt. %. \£. % . Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op! Cl.
44W jDorice (U. Pchrelber) 110 6 ... 4 IVit n 1 Vt 1 h |D Hal~~ 8 R
5307 : Pol Smith (3. M. Cooper) liO7 4 ... 5 2 5 1 U.2 >«, 2 2 IKnapp 7 10
Uudge <M. J. Daly) I110J 2 ... 3 1 '44 n ".t 3 3 4 .1. Daly 8 «
(S2S2)jFeUp« Uugro (E. J. Baldwin). .U1O S ... 2«i G4 44 45 |Seo 1 2
4041 iCaptain Forsee (Albemarle).. |107 7 ... fi 5 3h 6 4 5 0 lAiJkins 3 16-5
4507 iYg. Pepper (F. .1. O"Rourke)!lfM'.' 1... 12 22 51 tt4 IHaack N 12
44KH iPoherzo (Pueblo Stable) '104 j 5 ... 7 4 7 8 7 8 7 7 |\V Dugan. . 30' 60
4C23 [Keogh (P. Hildreth & Co.)...|110t 8 ... 8 8 8 S Ino'zeman .. 8 8
Time — :25. :52. 1:11. At po?t 3 minutes. Off at 3:0!)»i. Dorice place 3; show 8-.V Sol.
plao*. 3: show, «-5. Judge. *how. 1. Winner, br. f. by Sain- Jennie 'McFarlaiie. Trained
by AV. WhaJen. Scratched— Du Barry. Start good. Won In a hard drive of two.- Third
stopping. Dorice had speed and wag well nursed along by Hall. Sal Smith likes mud.
Judge will improve. After his handling of Fflipe I.ugo See should resign the service.
Captain Forsfe didn't run to his work. Perhaps he needed this race. Young Pepper
quit. Keogh was supposed to be good.
r.315. rorP.TH RACE— Mile and 70 yards;" gelling: 3-year-olds and up; value to 1st, $325.
Indexj Horse and Owner. IWtiSt. \ t . ft. •>, . Str. Fin. j Jockey, j Op. Cl.
H3O4 JGrafl. 4. <C. Young) |l(W| 1 1 mi »i 1 ij'l lUl »i IChandleTT ~2 11-S
Kill !Ix>rd Melbourne. :i (Bend*r>.i 97) 0 2 1 3 3 2 1 2 1H2 h lOilphant . 8-5 17-10
(£283) Erne. 4 (J. Curl) KWI 7 7 5 4 I»i4 4 5 5 3 2HIKnapp ... 12 20
<5.W<i{C,alanthU9. .-> (Mrs. Coffey)... 9S| 3 3 8 2 h .T 1U4 >-i 4 n |Reed . . 6-2 4
m, 1 ,! ¦?'« l Z ou Pl aW ¦¦¦¦ °. 4 ! S 8 «««3 »'H»5 I Hildebrand' «J 10
rllk \] °, ' • VS. AV 2 5 n 5 1^5 3 6 l«i« n U.T.Shehan 20 40
£51 lr! CtU *," 5 (Mrs " Gabr|pl) ••¦ \ IW > B «h 72 76 7 10 78 |Kunz 50 tft
_ 4U i 0 _'^l £ f J ?L_ U . l ? on - e '.Schreiber).. jlOTil 4 4 18 8 8 8 |D. Hall ... 10 15
Time— :26. :.11»;. 1:18^. 1 :45'i, 1:49%. At post l'i minutes. '^^aYT-SKMiT *GraTl place.
4-.>: show. 2-5. Melbourne, place. 7-10; show, 1-.?. Krne show. :t. Winner hr in hv
Atheling-Pilgrimage. Trained by C. Young. Scratched— Iras Harry Thatcher Start
good. Won hand ridden. Next two driving hard. Grail went the shortest route Oli-
Ihant on Ix>rd Melbourne lost two lengths on stretch turn. Erne closed strong Galan
thus^ weakly ridden. Mr. Dinglft no early speed.
S:tUt. FIFTH RACF.— Futurity course; Belling; three-year-olda; value t'o first. «325.
Index! Horse and Owner. |Wt!Bt. ¦ ~vT. -\ . Str. Fin. I Jockey. | Op. a.
4OC1 (W. Fisher) jlOO' 1 ... 12 1 1H1 l'Al 3 lAdkim r» n
4Gf)2 IPlckaway (A. J. Jackson). .. JlOl I 5 ... 2n 2 it- 2 4 2 4 J r!?S-I» " * " !•> i?»
5.T.0 lAllMmarle (Moshier A Co.)... 101 4 ... 4 1^4 n 4 4 3 n Ollphant " 4-", 1 ?
4624 IQuatre (Tierney & Co.) UN) 2 ... »; 3 5 5 3n 4« Ot b "' 5 in
.... iTitus (D. Meek) 100 3 ... T, h 7 On 5 4 Hildebrand" 3ft \fi
B107 'P.ee Rosewatcr (Nichols)..... 1W fi ... 3^3 1H5 l"j6 5 IDonovaT 8 1«
4<2O iMaud Sherwo.,d (D. Cameron) 107 7 ... 7 H :i 7 7 |C. Sloan '.'.'. 0 20
Time— :2T>>i :T,1 1 :1.1. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:59. GlenarVon, place, 3; show ,8-5 Pick
away. place. 5-2: show. 1. Albemarle. show. 1-6. Winner b c bv Orslni-Qlenlevlt
•IYained by IV Fisher. Scratched-Vlgoroso. Ed Lilburn. ' Slkrt ' rerfectT Won easMy"
N^-xt two driving hard Winner, a maiden, was given no consideration and showed plenty"
« Si^^ AJbem y e ls not a conMs « tnt Performer. It i« claimed. Quatre not ready
Maud_ ShTwood formerly jwssessed speed. reaaj.
XU7.. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; purse; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325. »
Index] Horse and Owner. jWt St. lj. »; . str. Fin. J Jockey. Op. c7.
C!C!> iBen MacDhui. 5 (P. Ryan). .|103 1 2 h X 2>il 3 Tl 1 8 JAdklnf. Tk "" -" in
46«;s |BIU Massie. 5 ( McAllister).. jl<W 2 12 2 4 2 6 28 24 D Hall " " " \ \'n Q
4K'l Frank Woods, 6 (G.C. Stable). 100 5 4h 5 4 2H» 2U.3 2U!W Ducan " lft rn
45.-^ iDtderot. 5 (J. P. Atkln) jlOO 8 5 3 n 3 h 4 2^4 7 J Martfn 2 ft 5 o
5.;0!> iHuntreasa. 4 <Duckly & B.)..|1QQ 4 3 % 4 lif,5 5 H JKna»n ..'. " !0 °i?> ,
Time — :25, :. r »0"-i. 1:17V,, 1:30%; At post 1 minute] Off at 4-24 Ben nlppn i -. — r
1-10. Bill. Place. 7-10; show, 1-3. Woods, show 5-2. Winner" b h by Ben d'-fW ZP° »
Madre. Trained by P. Ryan, Scratched— Captivate. Start good Won easPm? u^ Z
ond easily. Third driving. Cakewalk for winner. Going suited Bill Ma ,, ( . P ™ °I
w.is not ready. Huntress no speed. * euuea am Massie. Diderot
Fourth race, steeplechase, short
course — Ceylon won. Falella second.
Sea Pirate third. Time. 3:10.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs-
Applause won. Ruth Parish second.
Nettie E third. Time. 1:08%. Sjambok
finished second, but was disqualified for
fouling.
Sixth race, mile and sixty yards-
Jim Hale won. Tufts second, Circus
Girl third. Time, 1:52.
First race, mile and twenty yards —
Christine A won. Worthington second,
Bob Franklin third. Time, 1:50.
Second race, six and a half furlongs —
Commodore won. "Beneficent second.
Armorer third. Time. 1:26%.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles
— Chantrelle won. Antolee second. Tan
cred third. Time. 1:56»4.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs —
Ort Wells won. Lord of the Valley sec
ond, Champlain third. Time. 1:21.
Sixth race, selling, one mile — April
Showers won. The Guardsman second.
Demurrer third. Time, 1:41 2-5.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Nov. 16.—Lato
nia results: ;...--- „"<-
Fourth race, seven furlongs, Colum
bia handicap — High Chancellor won,
Castalian second, Elsie L. third. Time,
1:28. <-•*; ¦¦/
I WASHINGTON. Nov. 16.— Cloudy
weather, which subsequently developed
rain, marked the opening of the local
jockey club's fall meeting at Bennings.
Results:
First race, selling, six and a half fur
longs — Fustian won. King Pepper sec
ond. Red Damsel third. Time. 1:23 3-5.
Second race, five furlongs— Alfonten
won. Lady Mirthful second. Redman
third. Time, 1:03 3-5.
Third race, steeplechase, about two
and a half miles — Imperialist won. Ma
nilian second, Gypsy third. Time,
5:14 1-5.
* Britt and Canole will. fight at Colma
next Friday night. The club. has ar
ranged to have . special electric cars
leave Fifth and Market 'streets "on the
night of the scrap.
- ¦ To-night ¦ Jack - Cordell and Aurilio
Herrera will/; battle fifteen rounds be
fore the Reliance Athletic Club of Oak
land. "The men will box at 138 pounds,
weigh in - at 5 o'clock. ; A large crowd
will cross, the bay to-night : to see : the
pair ; fight. Herrera is looked upon as
one of the • best ' lightweights In ; the
business, v His victories over Broad and
other good men give him a high stand
ing in the ranks. Cordell ; Is a youth
who lately sprang from the amateur
ranks. His victory over Jack Kane and
his battle with Joe Angeli stamp him
as a fast youngster. Cordell will
undoubtedly develop into a good
Jimmy Britt started training for
Canole yesterday. He is in perfect
fettle and. will only do light work. The
twenty rounds he went through with
Seiger last week has helped to condi
tion him. : He no longer suffers sore
ness about the arms and body and is
faster than ever. Jimmy punched the
bag in the afternoon, and, after ten
minutes of heavy firing was breathing
easily. His wind could not be better.
He will do no boxing this week, for
fear he might hurt his hands.
Jimmy is confident that he will de
feat Canole. He acknowledges Canole's
superiority over Seiger and looks for a
hard fight. The three days' rest Britt
had after his battle with Seiger did
him lots of good. He took on three or
four pounds and he will have the extra
weight to take off , in the next three
days.
Canole^has not let himself out in
training for fear that people might get
a line on him. He certainly is a two
handed ' boxer, and the question
whether he can punch remains to be
proven next Friday night. Canole has
no trouble making a man like Fred
Landers look like a novice. He has
a true left hand. He seldom uses his
right, but when he lets it. fly it g'oes
with a vim. His right cross, and his
left uppercut aTe his pet punches.
Canole strips big and surprises every
body by the bigness of his legs. Eddie
Hanlon says, it, is a good sign when a
fighter, has stanch underpinning.
RELIANCE CXUB SHOW.
Gardner has cleverness and youth in
his favor and if he can assimilate Fitz
simmons' heavy wallops his chances of
victory are verv good. At all events
the ring-goers will see some fast and
heavy' battling when the pair meet un
der the auspices of the Yosemite Ath
letic Club on Thanksgiving eve.
Fitz's daily work consists of a ten
mile, run on the road in the. morning
and gymnasium work in the afternoon.
The work he goes through in the gym
nasium would affect many men. He
punches the bag for ten three-minute
rounds, boxes alternately with his
sparring partners as many rounds and
toys with the weights and bustles
around with his men. After dinner he
does a hundred-yard sprint up and
down the road to test his breathing ap
paratus. Early to bed is his practice
and he rises at ,an early hour.
Fitz asserts he never felt better while
in training. He is getting over a slight
cold and is becoming acclimated. His
general physical appearance -is good
and his spirits are the highest. He is
surrounded by people he. likes and who
understand him. He has a big bull
dog to keep him company and enliven
his daily runs by fights with other
dogs.
Gardner did a heavy day's work at
Larkspur^ yesterday. He was out on
the road at an early hour and strength
ened his legs, climbing over the hill3
of Marin Ccunty. In the afternoon
Greggains donned his pneumatic pad
and George landed blows that would
kill a man if he were not protected by
an inflated pad. This work is doing a
great deal of good for George. He says
It is harder than fighting, and it must
be, because Foley, Barry and Canole
seldom try it because , it is very fa
tiguing. Every one who has seen
GaTdner in training remarks on his
growth. He seems to have become
broader and bigger in every way.
Gardner admits this and says he is
stronger than he has ever been in his
life. He is still two pounds over
weight, but says he will have no
trouble making 168 pounds.
BRITT IN TRAINING.
GARDNER HAS YOUTH.
Fitz will have no trouble in making
168 pounds at 3 o'clock of the day he
battles with Gardner. At the conclu
sion of his work yesterday afternoon
Bob weighed 165%' pounds in the pres
ence of newspaper men. He said he
was willing to wager $5000 that he
could make 15S pounds if necessary.
The Cornishman is in splendid shape,
there is no doubt about that, but he
shows some signs of advanced age."
Beneath the eyes are little marks that
are usually seen in men who are ad
vancing In years. Fitz is a marvelous
specimen. ' of manhood, however. He
seems- to" possess his old time form
and will give his younger opponent a
hard battle. Kennedy and his other
sparring partner sailed into the big fel
low and Fitz satisfied himself in block
ing the punches with his mighty el
bows or on his massive shoulders.
FITZ DOWN TO WEIGHT.
"1 have examined his heart and lungs
and other organs." said the doctor,
"and I find them to be In perfect con
dition. His heart is particularly good.
1 examined his heart after he had
gone through violent exercise and the
beats were nearly normal and as good
as any athlete 30 years of age. His
muscles are flexible as those of a young
man."
Dr. Clarence F. Tillman, the Yosem
ite Club's official physician, visited
Fitzsimmons at his training quarters
yesterday and made a close examina
tion of the Cornishman. He used a
stethescope and other instruments to
make a scientific diagnosis of Fitzsim
mons' condition.
Although his battle- with George
Gardner is two weeks off, Robert Fitz
simmons is in splendid fettle. His eyes
ore bright and his skin has taken on
the ruddy hue of health. Fitz is as
awkward as ever, but he is there with
his usual heavy wallop. Fortunately
for Joe Kennedy, the horseshoer re
trains from using it in his boxing. Fitz
tries his punches on the heavy bag
and the residents of Alameda imagine
blasting is going on when he sends his
pile driving blows at the inflated
sphere.
Jim Hale One of the Win
ners at the Latonia
Track.
Cordell and Herrera Battle
To-Night Before Reli
ance Club.
Second race — Five furlonr* 1 : two-year-old fll-
Ics;
Tarrett* 100 I Prim Mino 100
t*tiTa)lAbh\* Candid. 10r, 4m Mies Rtn*l*ts.IO3
B208 Mie* May How- 4*<>0 Qtw^n 'Fay...]0r5
<!i«h 100 £274)I)urbar 100
52»6 K<M CroM Anlrad Vtt
Nun* Ki» 4.-.JW Floriana Bfll.100
Gottlfeben ...100 5303 Eugenia B 103
Third race — On* mi!e; three-year-old*; purse:
4C7B Dotterel 107! 41T.3 Arabo 110
SSS)HeAth> Honey. 107 'Kill The Don KM
. Lacy Crawford f«oj
Fourth rac-p — Six furlong; handicap; all
!*•>•: .
+fi»i St. Winirride. 97 MO9 Albula f 110
4M1 l!ur<»5ca 101 ZiUd K*ntlworth ..125
.... Scotsman .... 11 4
Fifth raff — Six and a half furlong:?; selling;
'our-yar-old? and upward :
I>dus 104; 5308 Kolllck 100
r.2fl7)«IJiny Moore.. JS> 4CS1 *Gawafne 09
BBS! Cormel later ..1G4| 31.'.2 Ran Nicola*.. 110
455W5 Redwald .:..100 (47S4)SURden 101
4C79 R«>y Dare ...104
fiixtfc raop — One and a sixteenth milea; sell
ryr: four-y»-ar-olds and upward:
£308 Prince Blazns.lOlj 530S Miracle II ..101
.... C.HCampbcll 104 KMW Jack dfMund loa
KB5 IUowaho 110 £080 Royalty .....104
S30CG. Bachem 92 1
•Apprentice allowance.
FEOBAELC -WTH-KXRS. •
First Kace — Chlleao, Klnaldo, Marelio.
Second JZace— Durbar. Mi»« Kinglets,
Libbie Candid.
Third Race— Arabo. Keather Honey,
tbeiDoa.
Tourth. Kace— Kenllworth, Albula,
Scotsman.
Fifth Race— San "ETicoI&s, Conrtellator,
tollicfc. . . .
Birth Eaee — jack de Xnnd, Boyalty, O.
I. Campbell. •-—¦——•-
NOTES OF THE THACK
Frank Regan. Dr. J. A. Kyle and?
Frank Healy have arrived at Ingleside
from New Tork with their own horses
and those of several prominent Eastern
owners,' including J. G. Follansbee and
W. H. Kraft. Regan has the good
youngsters Dick Turpin. Xevermore
and XanHor. He also trains Oarsman,
a Burns handicap candidate, owned by
Louis Kempner. Kyle owns Ahumada,
Lady Ath^lino, Keynote and Telescope,
the letter being a half-brother to Com
mando. In the same car J. G. Fol
lansbee shipped Daisy Green, a stake
winner, while W. H. Kraft is repre
sented by Futurlta, a clever filly. H.
T. Oxnard sent Magraflana and
Princp. Sirephon. purchased from the
Kerne stable, will carry the colors of
S. J. Smith.
C T. Hcminsray sent out Atwood
and Dr. Bissell. The horses shipped
well ard are stabled at Ingleside.
Jockey J. Jones, a clever boy, who
rode with succe?s on the New York
tracks, tame with Regan and Kyle.
Word wae received by Secretary
Tr^at yesterday that the strings of A.
F. Dayton & Co. and Messrs. Carlisle
and Clark had been shipped from St.
I>ou!?.
II. Robinson and C. A. Johnson are
due from St. Louis with twelve horses.
Emil Herz is a late arrival from Xew
York. His horses were shipped out
from Chicago some weeks ago.
Folov.ing are to-day's entries:
Firet race— Six and a half furlongs': ••¦nine;
ff.ur-ye«r-oMs and upward:
4*44 Uin«Ho HJJir.ZM Marello 107
EMM •i^tcrling Twrs «*T. <:«R Parsifal 104
f»2«0)»Ohllen<> fifl 4TSS Del Vista 104
ZMU Thon-irs flft I 4«O4 Ural 104
XJ01 'Red Tin 101 ! 0101 Achillrs 103
tributed the defeat of the four
short-priced ones. It was simply poor
racing" luck. The attendance was large
and speculators recouped their losses
somewhat by setting it in thick on Ben
MacDhui. which won the last event In
runaway fashion.
Elfin Kins w as touted as the real
ripe one for the opening scramble over
the Futurity course, but Step Around.
the favorite, took rare of the King
William colt. Hatidor, a SO to 1 shot, cut
out the running and It took vigorous
riding on the r>art of Hildebrand, who
piloted Stei> Around, to nab the out
sider. At the wire the first choice led
Klfin King out more than two
lengths. Egg Nogg. a 10 to 1 chance,
Iran into the show.
It looked, on paper, as if Matt Ilogan
hnd fallen in with some mighty cheap
company in the f-ix furlong selling af
fair following, but he failed to throw
a natural. Four to five was quickly cut
to 3 to i and Matt got no piece of the
money. To begin with, Ferrell suc
ceeded in getting away very poorly
with the old gilding. Then the Chicago
rider got up to within a couple of
lengths of Quiet and supposed he had
the race won. Hogan doesn't like to be
Jollied, and when Ferrell let him down
he went all to pieces. Quiet, an 8 to 1
:»hot. ridden by Heed, experienced no
difficulty in beating Idogo and Madam
Hishop.
Barney Sehreiber's Dorice, a brown
daughter of Sain, and 12 to 1 in the bet
ting, captured the two-year-old scram
ble at five and a half furlongs. Felipe
Lugo, the fast Amigo-Los Angeles colt
from the Kaldwin stable, opened an
even money favorite for the race. By
degrees the j>rice floated to 2 to 1, and
See's handling of the youngster justi
fied the quotation. He fouritl more
pockets than he did on Saturday with
Kenihvorth, and was unplaced with
his mount. Hail, astride Durice, passed
Young Pepper on the stretch bend, and,
in a drive at the elope, led Sol Smith
out a head. Judge, from the stable of
>1. J. Daly, ran a good third. With any
fort of a fair ride. Felipe Lugo would
have won by himself.
Oliphar.t. the apprentice rider with
the Binder stable, should undergo a
course of schooling on how to make a
short turn. Ollphant had the mount
on Lord Melbourne in the mile and
seventy yard selling run. The horse
dosed a IT to lft favorite and was
downed \fp? than a length by Grail, the
second choice. Just before reaching
the str<Mrh turn Lord Melbourne was
almost lapped on Grail, which mare
was making the pace, when Ollphant
made a sweeping swing into the
stretch, losing at least two lengths.
This cost the first choice the race.
Frankie Keed. on Galanthus. put up a
mild* ride, losing" the show to Erne.
Albemsrle went to the post a 3 to 5
choice for the fifth event, and also
managed by Oliphant. finished in the
show. Glenarvcn, a maiden, whose
odds w^rt from 5 to 9 and 10, jumped
away in the lead and was never headed.
Firkaway. a 12 to 1 shot, with J.
Lewis in the faddle. ran home second,
four lengths ahead of Albemarle.
With nothing: much to beat. Ben
MacDhui, at odds of 7 to 10. made a
oathop of the concluding seven furlong
number. Bill Msssie ran second, four
lenpth before Frank Woods.
IT was blue Monday at Oakland
track for four public choices in
the betting. The track was heavy,
bat to this fact could not be at-
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Dr. Tillman Finds Him
to., Be Physically
Perfect.
High Chancellor Takes
First Day's Feature
Event.
Barney Schreiber Takes a Purse With Dorice at Odds, of 12 to I.
Felipe- Lugo Is Miserably Ridden by See and Runs Unplaced.
Ben MacDhui Makes a Runaway Affair of the Closing Race
BEMUNG5' FALL
MEETING OPENS
LONG SHOTS IN THE BETTING RING
AGAIN CUT A SPLURGE AT OAKLAND
FITZ ROUNDING
INTO CONDITION
SPORTING NEWS OF THE DAY FROM RACE TRACKS AND TRAINING CAMPS
THE 6AN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1903,
Coveted Trophy Won by Colonel John C. Kirkpatrick's Fast
Roadster at Memphis/Trotting Association's Races Last
October Highly Appreciated by Owner of Record Breaker
CLIPPER'S HANDSOME PRIZE
ARRIVES IN SAN FRANCISCO
8
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
WATCH TOB THE
BEAUTIFUL PICTURES
IN THE BIG
THANKSGIVING
EDITION, ''Ziy
Catarrh begins with a stubborn cold in the head, inflammation or sore-
ness of the membrane or lining of the nose, discharge cf mucus matter,
headaches, neuralgia and difficult breathing, and even in this early stage
is almost intolerable. But when the filthy secretions begin to drop back
into the throat and stomach, and the blood becomes polluted and the
bv the catarrhfll 1^^ * had a continual headache, my cheeks had frown
y ;v caiarrnai P O1S - purple, my nose was always stopped np,my "eath
On, then the sufferer pad a sickening- and disgusting odor, and I coughed
bWins to realize what a J^essantly. I heard of S. S. S. and commenced to «•»
DeginsiO realize Wfiata j t aad taklnjr several bottles I was cured and
disgusting; and Sicken- 5 av * never since had the slightest symptom of the
¦fag disease Catarrh is. d $£hwe.t Cor. 7ta and^fi^tw^ SKSftto.
It affects the kidneys
and stomach as well as other parts of the body. It is a constitutional
disease and as inhaling mixtures, salves, ointments, etc., are never more
than palliative or helpful, even in tUe beginning of Catarrh, -what can
you expect from such treatment when it becomes chronic and the whole
system affected? Only such a remedy as S. S. S. can reach this obsti-
Sy*-N| Hate, deep-6eated disease and purge the blood of the
TC^I C^7 catar rfial poison. S. S. S. purifies and builds up the
j^nN'^n^ diseased blood, and the inflamed membranes are
Q— fj fcJ/ healed and the excessive secretion of mucus ceases
J- "when new, rich blood is coming to the diseased'
parts, and a permanent cure is the result. -
_, s V S -." S; -i s S uara nteed purely vegetable and a reliable remedy for
Catarrh in all stages. Write if in need of medical advice; this will oott
you nothmtr v " • • ¦•¦¦•¦ - _
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CM*
ADVERTISEMENTS.The State Department will recognize as
the Panama Consul General at New York
Senor Pablo Arosmena-Ticon, whose full
letter of credence are on the way.
M. Jus'terand, the French Embassador,
it is expected, . will be able to grant the
Minister an audience within a short time,
when he will receive him as the Minister
of Panama.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— Philippe Bu
nau-Varilla, the Minister of Panama, will
to-morrow address a note to the pow
ers, through their envoys accredited to
the. Washington- Government, advising
them of the formation of the republic of
Panama, and expressing the wish of his
Government to enter Into "diplomatic re
lations with the friendly nations at their
convenience. V
WILL ASK FOB BECOGKTTTON'.
WASHINGTON, Nov. lS.-Kid Sullivan
of Washington to-night defeated Joe
Bernstein of New York In nine rounds of
hard fighting.
Joe Bernstein Is Beaten.
PARIS. Nov. 16.— In a duel with
swords to-day arising from a quarrel,
Henry Lautier, a lawyer of Toulouse,
was killed by his antagonist. Charles
Ebelet of Paris.
Frenchmen Fight Fatal DueL
TRANSMTTS CORRESPONDENCE.
r WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— The Presi
dent to-day transmitted to the House
of Representatives the correspondence
and other,; official • documents relating
to the recent revolution on the Isthmus;
of 'Panama/ as 1 , requested by". a\ resolu
tion agreed to by the House at the in-
From Los Aneeles — O. O. Edwards,
at the Holland; Miss E. M. Kestner, at
ihe Manhattan; G. W. Thompson, at
the Herald Square.
NEW YORK. Nov. 16.— Ths follow
ing Californians registered here to-day:
From San Francisco — C. B. Bills, at the
Imperial; Dr. A. J. Sanderson, at the
Park Avenue; J. N. Biles, at the Bar
tholdl; T. F. Conrad, at the Belvidere;
A. Cranna, at the Vendome Hotel; M.
H. Ellis, at the Herald Square; T. W.
Fitzgerald, at the Murray Hill; G. K.
Hooper, at the Navarre; P. Hambert
Jr.. at the Hoffman; Mrs. B. T. Lacey,
at the Normandie; J. S. Robbins, at the
Imperial; Mrs. G. Scholl, at the Belvi
dere; Mrs. W. K. Slack, at the Marl
borough; H. McD. Spencer, at the Park
Avenue; Mrs. A. L. Underwood, at the
Navarre; T. C. Walker, at the Man
hattan.
Californians in New York.
TANGIER, Morocco, Nov. 16. — A
hundred Moorish Jews, fugitives from
Tasa, have arrived at Marnia. They
gay the Sultan's troops while in occu
pation of Tasa massacred many Jews
and maltreated women and girls.
Hundred Moorish Jews Flee From
Sultan's Domain and Take
Refuge at Marnia.
FUGITIVES TELL - TALES
OF TURKISH BRUTALITY
Marroquin asserts that since 1S35 they
have granted canal privileges to differ
ent companies no less than nine times,
and claims that the treaty concluded
with the late General Hurlbut, when
he was United States Minister to Co
lombia at Bogota, July 8, 1S70, has been
Ignored at Washington. After giving
the previously stated reasons for the
Colombian Senate's failure to approve
the Hay-Herran treaty and asserting
that the delay in the negotiations had
not affected the ultimate issue of the
canal project, the protest of President
Marroquin points out that Colombia
had "constantly endeavored to -act in
a friendly manner with the United
States, even asking for the assistance
of American marines to insure free
transit across the isthmus," says the
rising occurred when the Government
was not prepared, having withdrawn
most of its troops when peace -was re
established last year, and concludes:
"The haste In recognizing the new
Government which sprung up under
these circumstances is all the more sur
prising to the Colombian Government,
as they recollect* the energetic opposi
tion of Washington to the acknowledg
ment of the belligerency of the Con
federates by the powers during j the
Civil War."
The cable message goes" on to say
that President Marroquin has energet
ically protested to the United States
and wishes that his protest should be
known throughout the. civilized world.
The President contends that the United
States has infringed article 35 of the
treaty of 1846, which, he asserts, im
plies the duty on the part of the United
States to help Colombia in maintain
ing her sovereignty over the isthmus,
and adds that the "Colombian Govern
ment repudiate the assumption that
they have barred the way to carrying
out the canal."
a LONDON, Nov. 16.— The Colombian
authorities have cabled to London a
lengthy protest against the United
States' action toward Panama, in which
they claim that the main responsibility
for the secession of Panama lies with
the United States Government—'/first
ly, by fomenting the separatist spirit,
of which there seems to be clear evi
dence; secondly, by hastily acknowl
edging the independence of the revolted
province, and finally, by prevenling the
Colombian Government using proper
means to repress the rebellion."
Colombian Government Addresses
Lengthy Protest to London.
SEEKS GREAT BRITAIN'S AID
Colombia Sends a Protest Direct to
United States Senate.
BOGOTA, Nov. 16.— The President of
Colombia has addressed the American
Senate In the following terms:
"To His Excellency the President of
IGNORES SECRETARY HAY.
1 Bogota Agents Taken Aboard Ameri
can Warships at Colon.
COLON, Nov. 16.— The Hamburg-
American Hne steamer Scotia, which
arrived off the coast yesterday and
which was believed to have on board
the Colombian General Reyes, reached
here to-day. She had among her pas
sengers a number of prominent Colom
bians, who formed a peace commission
from the Department of Bolivar. Gen
eral Reyes was not on board and the
vessel did not carry any Colombian
| troops. The Commissioners from Boli
var are Dr. Francisco Padvon. Dr. E.
Paraga, Senor Fanon Velefe, Dr. Nl
canor Insignares and General Demario
Dairla. The latter two are from Sa
vanilla and the former are from Car
1 tagena. Dr. Insignares is a brother of
! the Governor of Bolivar.
The United States battleship Maine,
which arrived here last night, is an
chored four miles off the harbor.
The captain of the Scotia, in an inter
view to-day, said:
"On our arrival here an American
naval officer boarded us from a steam
launch and asked if we had Colombian
troops or passengers on board. I in
formed him that we carried no troops,
but that we had as passengers five
prominent Colombians, forming a peace
commission, from the department of
Bolivar.
"We flew the .Colombian flag on
reaching the coast, in accordance with
the usual custom of the port. 1 We were
not required to haul it down. . •
"While we were boarded we at the
same time attempted to obey our
agents' signal ,to come along the dock,
but the Mayflower, which was nicely
handled, steamed around and occupied
a position between us and the dock,
thus hindering us from getting along
side. Therefore, as it was late, we
were compelled to anchor In the stream.
"On the invitation of the American
naval commander the Colombian Peace
Commissioners went on board the Dixie
early this morning."
The Commissioners said that both
Cartagena and Savanllla were ap
parently beginning to understand the
situation on the isthmus, and that the
inhabitants were only indulging in re
criminative and futile speeches and
threats. The Commissioners, previous
to sailing, had a conversation with the
United States Consul at Cartagena,
who made no mention of hostile demon
strations. They knew nothing of the
massing of troops at Cartagena or Sa
vanllla.
When the Scotia docked this morn-
Ing the approaches to the wharf were
guarded by Panama soldiers. The ma
rines landed by the Dixie yesterday
evening guarded the railroad buildings
and the town last night and re-em
barked this morning. .
Rear Admiral Walker, who arrived
here yesterday' with Gudger, the United
States Consul General at Panama, and
Superintendent Shaler of the Panama
Railway, went to Panama to-day.
American naval officers are boarding
all the vessels arriving here to ascer
tain If they have Colombian troops on
board previous to allowing them to
dock.
The Colombian Commissioners were
transferred from the Dixie to the May
flower this afternoon. A special train
from Panama; with representatives of
the Provisional Government, Is mo
mentarily expected. The Government
representatives will Immediately go
aboard the Mayflower to learn the pre
cise object of the commission. It Is
considered improbable that the Com
missioners are acting under the author
ity of the Government at Bogota.
The United States battleship Maine
has gone to Porto Bello to coal. It Is
expected that she will return to-mor
row.
COLOMBIA'S PEACE MISSION
Tr^ v ANAMA, Nov. 16. — Rear Ad
|| Jlmiral Walker, who is practical
• r*^iy President Roosevelt's repre
i il sentative on the isthmus, and
Consul General Gudger, who is
here to direct the relations of the Uni
ted States with the de facto govern
ment, called at -the palace at 2:30
o'clock this afternoon, and. in the name
of the United States Government paid
their respects to the members of the
jiinta Rear Admiral Walker present
ed a letter from President Roosevelt
and there were mutual exchanges of
i good wishes. Otherwise the visit was
quite informal.
The visit of Rear Admiral W alker
and Gudger has been construed by the
junta and by the people of Panama as
a formal recognition of the new repub
lic, and has provoked many expressions
i of satisfaction and congratulations on
the new order of things. It is under
stood that Admiral Walker will report
to President Roosevelt on the isthmian
situation and act in an advisory ca-
I pacity to Gudger, who is well liked
here." Rear Admiral Walker returned
l to Colon this afternoon.
The junta to-day appointed a com
mission comoosed of Senores Arias and
Espinoza to" proceed at once to Colon
and confer, on board the United States
I steamer Mayflower, with the .Colom
j bians. who arrived there last night, on
! what is understood to be a peace mis
sion. The so-called peace commission
ers are from the Department of Boli
var, but it is not yet known whether
! they are authorized to represent the
• Bogota Government or whether they
' come on behalf of the Department of
! Bolivar to recognize the new republic.
i If the commissioners represent the Bo
j gota Government and are properly em
1 powered to and do recognize the new
i republic of Panama, the matter of re
• muneration to Colombia for the loss of
i the isthmus may be broached.
The Panamain commissioners are
i fully determined to do nothing that
! may in any way weaken the position of
i the young republic or endanger the in
' dependence of the isthmus. The repre
: sentatives of the junta left on a special
' train at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 16.— The pro
test of th? Colombian Government
against the recognition by the United
States of the Independence of Panama
was received to-day by Senator Frye
as President pro tern, of the Senate.
The document was not laid before the
Senate, because of the diplomatic re
quirement that it should be transmitted
through the Secretary of State. It is
In Spanish and Senator Frye had it
translated with a view of having it
transmitted to Secretary Hay to-dny. It
will be sent to the Secretary with the
request that it be speedily returned,
when Senator Frye will lay it before
the Senate.
hopfd that the petition for jus
tice which Colombia makes to the
American people will be favorably re
ceived by i sound public opinion
among the citizens of that country.
"MINISTER OF GOVERNMENT ES
TIBAN JARMMIL.LO."
"In thus demanding justice Colombia
appeals to the dignity and honor of the
American Senate and. people.
—MARROQUIN, E. E.
sult of a popular feeling.
"The boncfe of sincere and uninter
rupted friendship which unite the two
Governments and the two peoples; the
solemn obligation undertaken by the
American Union in a public treaty to
guard the sovereignty and property of
Colombia on the Isthmus of Panama;
the protection which the citizens of
that country enjqy and will continue to
enjoy among us; the traditional princi
ple of the American Government in op
p.sition to secession movements; the
good faith which has characterized
that great people in its international
relations; the manner in which the rev
olution was brought about and the pre
cipitancy of its recognition, make the
Government and people of Colombia
hope that the safe people of the United
States will admit their obligations to
assist us in maintaining the integrity
of our territory' and in repressing that
insurrection which is not even the re-
the Senate, Washington— Excellency:
The Government and people of Colom
bia have been painfully surprised at tha
notification given by the Minister of
the United States to the effect that the
Government ,at Washington had has
tened to recognize the Government con
sequent upon a barracks coup in the
Departmentof Panama.
A proposal to authorize Senator Gor
man to appoint a committee of five to
devise a programme on which there
will be at least a fighting chance for
united action was made, and for a time
it appeared that a solution of the dif
ferences had been reached. Several
Senators left the caucus under the im
pression that this course would be
adopted, but objection was raised by
those Democrats who . had supported
Carmack's resolution and the caucus
then adjourned. .
It was said to-night by a member of
the Senate steering committee that the
minority party In all probability would
meet the question of canal legislation
without organization of any kind and
would act according, to Its individiual
opinions.
Censure for the President for his al
leged assistance of the Panama revolt
but pledging support if a canal treaty
were negotiated with the new repub
lic, was the purport of a resolution of
fered by Senator Bacon as a substitute
for the- Carmack plan. This opposite
extreme met immediate rejection. It
was at this point that some of the Sen
ators withdrew from the caucus '•
Two compromise plans were suggest
ed. The first was offered by Senator
Newlands, who proposed that the
steering committee be authorized to
hold a conference with a committee of
Democratic members cf the House to
be appointed by Representative John
Sharpe Williams, the House minority
leader, for Jhe purpose of preparing
some party policy on all matters which
will come Before the Senate In the ex
traordinary session. This resolution
was antagonized, on the ground that
the Democrats of the House have al
ready adopted this plan In regard to
the Cuban reciprocity enabling act, and
that any opinion the House may have
had on the canal treaty could not affect
the position of the Senate.
The resolution, which was discussed
at greatest length, was offered by Sen
ator Carmack of Tennessee, it de
clared the sentiment of the Democrats
to be that the present canal law
should be put into operation by the
President. The resolution declared the
Spooner act to be "the present law"'
governing the authoritative course of
the United States in regard to the
building of a canal and held that un
der that act the President should pro
ceed to the building of the canal on
the Nicaragua and Costa Rica route
It asserted that the "reasonable time"
for acquiring of the Panama route
lapsed at the death of the Hay-Her
ran treaty, and that the President, con
sequently, was left with no alternative
but to build the canal on the more
northerly isthmian route.
In support of this resolution speeches
were made by, Senators Carmack Du
bois. Teller, Blackburn, Patterson and
.others. The speeches were interrupted
by Senators differing from the propo
sition the principal arguments being
made by Senators Bacon, Clay and
Cockrell. It was apparent at the out
set that a motion of such radical char
acter could not harmonize the minor-
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— Democratic
members ef the Senate caucused to-day
from 12:30 until 5 o'clock, but were un
able to get together on a programme as
to canal legislation. Four distinct prop
ositions were submitted in the form of
resolutions and many ether suggestions
were made Informally, but no agree
ment could be reached and the caucus
adjourned to meet again on call of Sen
ator Gorman, chairman. Several Sena
tors, on leaving the caucus, bitterly
complained of the lack of harmony
which prevailed, and compared the
Democratic position with the attitude
of the Republicans, who. they said, with
twice as many representatives, had not
a straggler, while hardly two Demo
crats wer e of the same opinion. Sena
tor Gorman said of the caucus:
"It was our first pow-wow. In which
we all talked, and we will do our think
ing afterward."
Fail to Agree Upon Anti-Panama
Campaign in Senate.
DEMOCRATS ARE AT SEA.
The action of President Marroquin in
sending a protest to the United States
Senate is regarded by diplomats here
as a serious breach of the proprieties,
but the matter probably will not be
dealt with in a harsh manner. Secre
tary Hay has not yet seen the protest,
but will read It to-morrow, and, un
officially, the President may see It, but
it is felt the communication might be
ignored entirely if the Government
chose to do so, in view of the extra
ordinary course taken in forwarding it.
Dr. Herran, the Colombian Charge
d' Affaires, has cabled his Government
that he is isolated here and asking for
immediate instructions. He received a
cablegram dated November 10 from an
official of the Bogota Government, but
it was of a personal nature arjd made
no reference to the isthmian matter. '
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— In a
note "addressed to M. Bu
nau-Varilla, as Minister
Plenipotentiary and Envoy
Extraordinary of the Re
public of Panama, M. Jusserand, the
French Embassador, to-night officially
recognized the new Envoy and in
formed him he would be received at
the embassy to-morrow by his Excel
lency and duly recognized. The Em
bassador's action is in accordance with
the cablegram received from the
French Foreign Office to-day.
The Minister announced to-night
that J. P. Morgan & Co. had accepted
the appointment as financial agents In
the United State* of the Panama Re
public and that 5300,006 had been placed
to the credit of the Panama Govern
ment. The Minister received by cable
to-day full powers from his Govern
ment to address the Envoys of all
powers represented at Washington and
request recognition at their hands.
"Upon the arrival of the Marblehead
sufflcient^force must be sent to watch
movements closely of the British
steamers seized at Buena Ventura and
to prevent the landing of men with hos
tile intent within limits of the state of
Panama. Protect the British steamers
If necessary."
On the following day the Secretary
sent a dispatch to Admiral Glass say
ing that the British steamers had not
been detained, and asking if they left
with Colombian troops aboard.
The same orders were sent to the
commanders of the Boston and Dixie.
On November 2 the following order
was sent to Rear Admiral Glass at
Acapulco: .
"Proceed with all possible dispatch
to Panama. Telegraph In cipher your
departure. Maintain free and uninter
rupted transit. If Interruption la
threatened by armed force, occupy the
line. Prevent landing of any armed
force, either Government or insurgent,
with hostile Intent at any point within
fifty miles of Panama. If doubtful as
to the Intent of any armed force, occu
py Ancon Hill strongly with artillery.
If the Wyoming would delay Concord
and Marblehead her disposition must
be left to your discretion. Prevent
their landing if in your Judgment land
ing would precipitate a conflict."
On November 4 Acting Secretary
Darling sent this dispatch to the com
mander of the Nashville:
"Gunboat of -Colombia shelling Pan
ama. Send Immediately battery of
three-Inch field guns and six-pounders,
with force of men, to Panama to com
pel cessation of bombardment. Rail
road must furnish transportation im
mediately."
Secretary Moody sent this dispatch to
the commander of the Boston on No
vember. 9: :,3>:v {
"Maintain free and uninterrupted
transit, if interruption threatened by
armed force with hostile intent, either
Government or insurgent, either at Co
lon, Porto Bello or other points."
Cablegram sent to United States
Consuls at Panama and Colon, on No
vember 13, stating that press dis
patches had announced uprising and
requiring Consuls to keep the State
Department fully informed;; dispatches
to and from Consuls, which were
printed at the time, also orders to
naval officers; the dispatch of recog
nition and notification of appointment
by Panama of Minister Bunau-Varilla,
All correspondence regarding Panama
by the Navy Department also Is in
cluded, having been turned over to the
State Department by Secretary Moody.
This embraces orders cabled to the
commander of the Nashville at Colon
under date of November 2, which read
as follows:
The brother-in-law was killed in the
fight and, having made good his threat.
Sanchez fled with his band to the
mountains. They took a trail leading
to the north and were followed by a
band of rurales. All trace of the rene
gades was for some, time lost, when
they turned up at George Dunn's ranch
in the Ajo Mountains and. having raid
ed it. fled again toward the north, al
ways robbing ranchers when In need of
food and fresh horses.
The authorities at Cananea were noti
fied and all cf the rurales in the sec
tion united, when a plan of capture
was mapped out, but the officers were
in* no hurry to engage in a gun fight
with Sanchez and his crowd, and when
the rendezvous where the fight was
supposed to take place was reached
Sanchez and his men had fled, leaving
behind no trail that could be followed.
The bandits were next^ seen by a
Mexican crossing the international
line. The party had dwindled down to
eight men, but all were well mounted
and heavily armed. The rangers in
the section where they were seen are
searching for the party and another
fight seems inevitable.
stance of Hitt. The papers transmitted
include: - •
Sanchez was at one time a wealthy
Mexican rancher and owned large
herds of cattle ranging in the Bocoachi
country. He became involved in trouble
and v.-as thrown into a Mexican prison.
While serving his term of five years
he turned over his property to his
brother-inrlaw and when he finally re
gained hfs liberty it was only to find
his ranch in the possession of a stran
ger and all of his cattle sold to sur
rounding ranchers.
He demanded satisfaction of his
brother-in-law, who lived in the town
of Bocoachi, who paid no attention to
his threats and drove him out of the
place. Sanchez fled to the mountains,
where he fell in with a band cf rene
gades. He at once resolved to make use
of them to bring his brother-in-law to
terms and at their head he rode into
the town of Bocoachi with a dozen
men and before the store of his broth
er-in-law commanded him to make
good the property he had stolen. No
attention was paid to his threats and
the band at ence began to shoot up the
town. ¦ • "
NACO, Ariz., Nov. 16.— American
prospectors -who have just returned
from the Bocoachi country in Sonora
bring the first authentic account of the
recent raid upon the towns and ranche.s
of that section by a Mexican outlaw
named Sanchez, who with his band of
renegades is still at large and is now
believed to have crossed the Hne into
Arizona, although no outrages upon the
American side- have yet been reported.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON. NOT. 16.— "It has
be^n thought proper in an official re
piort to refer to the army transport s=er
rtce as a most'eostly luxury," says C.
}'. Humphrey, quartermaster general of
the :>T"iy. in his annual report to the
S< i reUtry of War, which was issued to
r.ay.
"As to Its costliness, 1 submit actual
figures and facts. I do not know in
n hat respect the service can be looked
;;ivi/ as a luxury, unless reference is
made to the excellence of the enlisted
men's accommodations. If it be a lux
ury to furnish our enlisted men with
the class of accommodations now pro
vided in all the army transports, then I
favor the continuance of that luxury.
"In my opinion the transport service
needs no defense whatever, and no ex
< use is offered for it by the department
i harged with its operation. I. for one,
do not claim that there Is an 'inexora
ble military necessity 1 for its continu
ance, but I submit that the service is
unquestionably a very valuable and
economical military convenience."
The duties that have been performed
through the transport service, with the
relative costs of transportation by the
Government and by contract are shown
;n the report. The total difference in
transport service for a year is placed
at $2,248,439 in the report. Insular trans
port service for the year cost $939,606 In
the Philippine Archipelago, while the
<o8t of transporting the same number
<f passengers and animals and the
same amount of freight and mail under
the prevailing tariff rates of the Phil
ippine steamship companies, the report
says, would have been J1.027.97T.
During th« year 31.350 passengers
v ere carri?d by the transport service
between the United STMes. the Philip
3'inrs. Hawaiian Islands" and Alaska.
Freight carried between the same
points amounted to 68,221 tons.
Remains of 323 officers, enlisted men
civilian employes were brought
home, and there were transported be
tween the States and the Philippines
"7.6£1 pieces of baggage. 331.751 pounds
of mail, $«.S<1<5.000 in I'nited States
currency and coin and six horses.
Recommendation is rr.adf» that Hono
lulu be declared a rejrular port of call
for all transports going: to and return
ing from the Philippines. On account
of the inaoiMty of the dc-partment to
rea'iz* 1 anywhere near the value of
Transports no longer needed for the
service when offered for sale, it has
been determined to lay up the spare
*-hir>s in the? harbors on the Atlantic
roast and at San Francisco. These
Ehipa will be kept in condition to be put
into service on short notice should an
omorgency arise requiring their use.
To keep the loss down to the mini
mum in chingin? from the o!d to the
:.*>w army uniform it has been decided
.that issues of the new uniform shall
commence with organizations returning
from the Philippine Islands, as after a
tour of STi-ice in the islands the
commands have practically no articles
pf woolen uniforms in their possession
and the prospect cf thr^e or four years'
service in the t'nited States Justifies
their equipment throughout with the
new uniform.
Former Wealthy Rancher the
Leader of a Cutthroat
Band.
Honolulu Recommended as a
Fort of Call in Quarter
master's Report.
GALVESTOX, Nov. 16.— The steamship Cuban, of the Leyland line, arrived in the roads
this morning from Cartagena, with three passengers on board, said to be President Marro
quin. his private secretary and an interpreter. The ship is in quarantine and will be held
outside for three days. The only persons who have boarded the vessel are the boarding officer, the
State quarantine officer and his secretary. From an officer of the ship the information is gained that
the President of Colombia and his secretary are on board. A message to them met with the re
sponse from the trio that they are private citizens of Colombia, on their way to New York. It is
learned, however, that they are bound for Washington and will leave here as soon as released
from quarantine, by the shortest route to the national capital.
Service Is Spoken of In
Praise by General
Humphrey.
Battle May Be Fought
With Bandits in
Sonora.
President Marroquin Arrives at Galveston En Route to
the Capital---France Recognizes Panama.
TRANSPORT COST
A CHEAP ITEM
COLOMBIAN CHIEF COMES IN PERSON
TO MAKE AN APPEAL IN WASHINGTON
RANGERS SEARCH
FOR RENEGADES
THE SAN FRANCISCO \CALL V TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1903.
Porto Bican Indictments Quashed.
SAN JUAN, P. R.. Nov. 16.— The Fed
eral Court to-day Quashed the indict
ments for smuggling In the cases of
Alonzo Cruzen. the Collector of Cus
toms; Captain Andrew Duniap, U.'.S.
N., commandant of the naval "station
here, and Robert Giles, a. former con
tractor in Porto Rico, on the ground
that, the fines had been paid and the
offenses expiated. It Is believed this
action forever settles the cases. : '*"
On rale at the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Mar
ket «t.. Wednesday. November 18. 2000 pairs
men's and wonwn's shoes, all sizes and styles,
at *1 a pair. Sale begins at 9 a. m. :•:¦-;> -•¦% •-$
9
Look la each package for a copy of
the famous little book, "The Road to
WellvUle." , -^
"After seeing the power of Grape-
Nuts upon our little jrtrl my husband
began Its ui*e and cUl last summer,
when we lived at Essinsrton. Pa., he
ate Grape-Nuts and no meat. Al-
though be was working at the hard-
est laboring work, digging ditches all
the time, he felt strong and well with-
out the meat, just so long an 'he had
Grape-Nuts." This lady's name fur-
niFhed bv Postum Co.; Battle Creek,
Mich. '/.- •
"I am convinced that Grape-Xuts,
with a liule white sugar and boiling
water, would save many a poor baby's
life during the hot weather, when milk
is sour and th<? little ones suffer most.
"When we moved to Vlneland, N. J.,
¦re ir.ade the acquaintance of the food
Grape»Ktxt& It was here that our lit-
tle sir!, Majuba. was born, but she was
so frail and 'skinny* that we feared
we aronld lose her. as we had the other
babies. When she was eight months
old we learned about Grape-Nuts and
began ff'-dins her that food and now
wherev.-r the goes our friends feel her
arms, shf is so plump and her flesh
is *o firm.
weather
"Some years agt>, when we lived in
New York City, husband and I lost four
of our little ones during the hot
A STRONG STAFF
The Power of Pure Food.
GEAPE-NUTS.
AMUSEMENTS^
LAST TWO" WEEKS.
Evsa at S: Mat. W*«». and Sat. at 2.
ONLY FIVE MORE MATINEES.
KLAW AND ERLANGERS
Stupendous Production of Gen. Wallace 8
"BEN HUR"
¦? r>rftmatlzfd by William Younic.
Music by Edjcar Stlllman Kelley.
Positively Last Performance of "Ben Har
Saturday Night. November 28.
SPECIAL, MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
Friday Afternoon. Nov. 20. at 1 Sharp.
GBAHO CHARITY PTTOTO BBHEP1T
At the Columbia, Theater.
Every Theater Represented.
TIV/AI I OPERA
I I V V/L.I HOUSE.
TO-NIGHT
THURSDAY AND SUNDAY NIGHTS.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
First Production In America of Leoncavallo'*
New Opera,
"ZAZA"
i WEDNESDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS.
Bellini's Romantic Work,
"I'PURITANl"
Prices Always — 25c, 60c. 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. November 20. at 1
| Sharp, Grand Charity Fund Benefit at the Co-
lumbia Theater. Every Theater Represented.
EVENINGS AT S O'CLOCK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAT.
Charles Frohman Present*
VIRGINIA HARNED
In A. W. Plnero's Masterpiece,
IRIS
The Mwt Talked Of Play of the Past Decade.
Reserved seats during Miss Harned s en-
gagement. $2. ?1 50, $1. 75c. 50c.
Friday Afternoon. Nov. 20. at 1 Sharp.
GRAND CHARITY FUND BENEFIT
At tbe Colombia Theater.
¦ Every Theater Represented.
i T n A 7 i Ti Bela*eo * Mayer.
ALCAZAR o iTO.,
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
The Club's sr?^
Immenit
....odDy.... *"*-
Ev(fs.. 25c to 75c: Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 15c to 5Oc.
Next Monday— First Stock Production of Sol
Smith Russell's Great Succeas.
A POOR RELATION.
. EXTRA MAT. THANKSGIVING!
NEXT FRIDAY AFTERNOON at 1 Sharp.
GRAND CHARITY FUND BENEFIT
AT THE COLUMBIA THEATER.
Every Theater Represented.
Market st. Near EUhth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Gorgeous Dramatic Spectacle.
UNDERTHE POLAR STAR
Introducing for the first time In the United
P'ates the Esquimaux and Esquimau Dog
Train of KoltchofTs Arctic and Ala«k»n Ex-,
hlblt. en route to St. Louis World' s Fair.
GREATEST ATTRACTION OF THE WEEK.
PDfPPC* Ev enin *» aOc to 5Oc
rKIvCO* Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Monday, Nov. 23 — "Midnight In Chinatown."
Friday Afternoon. November 20, at 1 sharp.
Grand Charity Fund Benefit at the Columbia
Theater. Every theater represented.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Llst3 Mallei
on Application.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
UC RAYFC £ fft Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3. DUIC3 tt tU. gay. Tel Main 12»4.
, ores.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD A ELLIS.
416 Front St., S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTING.
LC.BPGHES, ¦¦r.niagggg'a.r.
Weekly Call, $1 per. Year
ADVEB/nSEMEirrS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
U WE ARE AGENTS
J|||v FOR THESE HIGH GRIDE SHOES
Jiik JOHNSTON & MURPHY'S
JiKiiyiP HIGHEST GRADE SH0ES
\raJ9lira FOR IMF IN!
jpl|j§^ $5:22 to $10:22
ffSl LAIRD, SCHOBER & GO.'S
.ff|§|y§|||g WORLD FAMED SHOES
WraJHJB FOR WOMEN
viiiKto If! Notwithstanding the rain last week
O ur bit; store was filled with pleased
¦mMBH customers from Monday morninc to
>^«|jgP' Saturday night, and to keep the busi-
1 *^" ness booming: we have put
ON SALE THIS WEEK
1500 pairs Youths' and Boys' fine Vici Kid and Box Calf
Lace Shoes, solid sewed soles, stitched edges. Regular price ¦
$2.00 and $2.25.
THIS WEEK. 11 to 2 S1.5O
THIS- WEEK. 2X to 5 l A 91.73
800 pairs Ladies' fine Vici Kid and Box Calf Lace Shoes,
welted, sewed soles, stitched edges. Regular $.ioO value,
THIS WEEK 92 5O ,j
WE ARE SOLE AGENTS FOR THE FAMOUS
JENNESS MILLER
$3.50 SHOES
FOR WOMEN. ,
See our windows or send for Catalogue
NOLAN BROS.
PHELAN BUILDING 812-814 MARKET STREET
We have no branch stores.
AMXTSEMEKT3.
EPICUREAN~~VAUDEVILLE.
WRIGHT HUNTIXOTON AJTD COMPAXT;
THREE ZOLARS: SERRA AND HFT-T-A-
ROSA; THE BRITTON3: BELLMAN AJfD
MOORE; WARREN AND BLANCHARD;
JACK THEO TRIO: PHIL AND NEiTIB
PETERS AND THE "VILLAGE CHOIR"'
QUARTET.
Reserved Seats 23c)BaIcony lOe
Box Seat* and Opera Chairs 50o
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Nov. 20. at 1 Sharp,
GRAND CHARITY FUND BENEFIT.
At the COLUMBIA THEATER.
' Every Theater Represented.
..California..
After the Imitation* Here is the Real One!
ROSE MELVILLE,
The Orlg'.aal
SIS HOPKINS,
| EXTRA MATINEE THURSDAY. "|
Next Sunday — "AT THE OLD CROS3
ROADS.
NEXT FRIDAY— At 1 p. m. Sharp,
CHARITY FUND BENEFIT.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Every Theater Represented.
YOU I STOF»
CANT I THEM!
The Whole City la Coming to 3*»
| RUBES AND ROSES \
Best. Greatest Musical Comedy.
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including: KOLB
AND DILL. BARNEY BERNARD. WIN-
FIELD BLAKE. MAUDE AMBER. GEOR-
GIA O*RAMEY, BEN T. DILLON.
MONDAY. NOVEMBER 30. :- ; >
6 "/. o. u." j
A Marvelous Production.
Seats Now On 8ale.
MATINEE ON THANKSGIVING.
Coming— THE ALTHCA TWIN3.
IKOX.ESXDE AT7TOMOBXXJ2 BACSS
SHOWN IN MOVINO PICTURES.
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER. H
SEE THE COLORED BABY IN THE INFANT
INCUBATOR.
HAMAD BYASJDf TBS ZOO!
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
When Phoning Ask for "The Chut*«."
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Nov. 20. at 1 Sharp.
GRAND CHARITY FUND BENEFIT
At the COLUMBIA THEATER,
Every Theater Represented.
Racing lS£^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing* November 14.
Racing Each. Week Day. Rain or Shin*.
Six or More Races Daily.
I . Races commence- at 2:15 p. m. sharp. >
For special trains stopping at the track taka
S P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 13.
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking la
last two cam. which are reserved for ladles
and their escorts.
Returning, trains leave track at 4: IS as4
4:13 and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
Palarp do.yt fail to
laiaWW gee the beautiful
j CQURT Lounging
Hfifl room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, th«
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
llT/.fid LOUIS XVPAR.
ui aim hoK ud LA .
fj j. 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels | room.
(*. "patents!: 3
MARKET ST. S/. *S&r
Mllliflfts cf Juts for M H wxm
fYTBACTOr BEEF^VJ* 81 *™*
UIRMI VI DUl , k . y Id HUE
; Tke ummI •( httt m t4 In Ac Lfcfcto CstnpaayS factories
* l» » UnjH 4»y to tufflcltnt to fctfl twq mUllw» f«»fl«- ''PARIS, Nov. 16.— The Foreign Office
denies the report that a rupture of diplo
matic'.relations' has taken place between
France and Siam. . >?*«>* 4 'v
VICTORIA. B. :c, Nov. 16.— Captain
John Irving,' who returned - to-day; from
the new sold fields on Bullion creek, in
the Northwest Yukon, district, says stam
ped ers are thick on the • trails leading to
the fields.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 16. — United
States District Judge Charles B. Bellinger
this afternoon overruled the demurrers to
the Indictments charging former United
States Commissioner Miss Marie L.
Ware, Horace G. McKinley and S. A. d!
Puter with forgery and conspira'cy to de
fraud the Government out of public lands.
Judge Overrules Demurrers.
CHICAGO, Nov. 16.— Bankruptcy, pro
ceedings against the Henneberry Com
pany, publishers, were started In the*
United States District Court on Saturday
and the action was ¦ kept secret until , to
day. The Equitable, Tru3t Company was
appointed receiver for the assets of the
coi.cern. The liabilities of .the corpora
tion were not stated in the petition, al
though the. assets were placed at $150,000.-
Publishing Firm In Trouble.
Wounds Wife and Kills Himself.
SIOUX CITY, la., Nov. 16.— James
Dunn, a saloon-keeper, to-day shot and
perhaps fatally | wounded his young wife
because she refused to live with him and
then killed himself. ¦ ;i\.I';-r>
SANTA CLARA, Nov. 16.— Mrs. Mary
Cranstone Kersell, a native of Edin
burgh, aged 78 years, died at her home
here this morning. She fiad lived here
twelve years. Six sons and * daughters
survive her. They are James, Adam, Alex
ander, Andrew, Maggie and Mary (Mrs.
A. Dalziel), all of whom reside, in Santa
Clara except Andrew, who lives in' On
tario, Canada. ' -
Aged Santa Clara Resident Dies.
WASHINGTON*. Nov. 16.— The Supreme
Court of the United States to-day decided
the case of the St. Louis Hay and Grain
Company vs. the United States favorably
to the Government. The case involved a
contract for 9,000,000 pounds of hay, a
part of which was not accepted within
the time cpeclfied In the contract.
Government Wins a Suit.
BUTTE. Mont., Nov. 16.— J. Scott Har
rison, who has had charge of surveying
the boundary line of the Yellowstone Na
tional Park", is here. He says the gigantic
task, the work of eight years, has Just
been completed. Granite monuments,
placed every half mile, warn the poacher
to keep off. It is possible that a wire
fence will be put entirely around the
park. Mr. Harrison says the wilds are
full of elk, titer and bear, with some
moose, and that if these animals are to
be protected they must be kept from wan
dering off the reserve, where hunters may
shoot them.
J. Scott Harrison Recommends a
Wire Inclosure for the* En
- tire Reservation. •.".-; ; - ;: :C
SUBVEYS BOUND ABY
LINE OF YELLOWSTONE
VALLEJO, Nov. 16.— Colonel P. C. Pope,
U. 8. M. C. and Mrs. Pope arrived at
the navy-yard at noon to-day and were
entertained at luncheon at the horns of
Rear Admiral B. H. McCalla. To-morrow
Colonel Pope will assume command of tho
marine barracks made vacant by the re
tirement of General Meade. Six or seven
years ago Colonel Pope was attached to
these barracks, and during their resi
dence here be and his wife were very
popular, both on Mare Island and in
Vallejo, bo that their return has been
looked forward to with much pleasure
by their many friends.
Colonel Pope at Mare Island.
According to these plans th* war col
lege will be conducted along the same
general lines as have marked the work
of the naval war college at Newport.
General Bliss is of opinion that stu
dents of the war college will have
necessarily advanced beyond the neces
sity of further so-called book learning
which they will have received at the
schools at West Point, Fout Leaven
worth, Fort Riley, Fort Monroe and
Washington barracks. He has there
fore recommended that the students be
required to apply themselves to the de
velopment of the details of especially
devised war problems. Theso problems
would naturally come from the general
staff. It is also proposed to have lect
ures delivered by officers of the various
branches of the service, with special
and direct reference to . the problem
under consideration. The student offi
cers will be expected to take' up the
questions of grand tactics and strategy
and discuss each subject in'Jts positive
relations to the duties of the army.
H. Bliss, president of the faculty of
the army war college, has submitted
to the general staff a memorandum out
lining the plans of the board for the
part to be taken by the college In the
general scheme of advanced military
education.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— General T.
President of Faculty Suggests That
Students Adapt Themselves to
Special War Problems.
PLAN AND SCOPE OF
ABMY WAB COLLEGE
NEW YORK, Nov. 16.— Because he
could not face the charge of having
knocked down and robbed an old woman,
which crime he had previously confessed,
Isaac Wayner knotted his suspenders and
handkerchief into a noose and hanged
himself In a city^ police station. v "."
According to . Mrs. Mary Golde, the
woman who was robbed, Wayner, whom
she had known for several years, came
to her apartment ostensibly to rent a
room. While she was showing him
through the place Wayner struck her on
the head with a club, knocking her down.
He then pulled her diamond ear-rings
from her ears, mutilating the lobes. Way
ner at first denied his guilt, but finally
confessed and showed the officers where
he had secreted the jewelry. He said that
he had | lost considerable money on the
races recently and that this was the rea
son for the robbery. He leaves a wife
and three children.
Prisoner Could Not Face the Charge
of Bobbing an Old
Woman.
HANGS HIMSELF IN '
NEW YORK PBISON
6AjCRAMENTO, Nov. 16.— The Rev. W.
W. Perdval, while driving a team at
tached to a lumber wagon, was struck by
a gravel train this morning and killed.
The accident occurred at a private cross-
Ing over the railroad track* about half a
mile south of Corning, TeEama County.
CLESGYMAN IS KILLED
BY A BAILBOAD TBAIN
Collision of Cars and Wagon at a
Crossing Causes Loss
of Life.
Several eyewitnesses to the shooting
state that Wilson provoked the trouble
and that Wright was perfectly justi
fied In the shooting. The people of Cas
tella were so indignant over the affair
that they would not allow Wilson 'to
be taken care of in their homes. On
Uie way down Monday night Wilson
pave the conductor considerable trou
ble and would have been put off the
train had he been well.
When the little pistol began to spit
fire and lead, every one but Wright and
Wilson hurried out. Wilson was only
twelve feet distant from Wright. The
first three shots missed by a wide
mark, and as the fourth shot rang out
Wilson was turning. He reeled and
fell to the floor, painfully wounded. The
ball passed through the leg one and a
half inches above the ankle.
Wilson was brought to Redding Sun
day night and now occupies a cot in
the county hospital. The shooting was
over 40 cents due for drinks that Wil
son claimed he had paid. Wright in
sisted that the drinks should be paid
for and Wilson in his drunken frenzy
grabbed a chair and threw it over the
bar at Wright. There were six men In
the saloon at the time.
REDDING, Nov. 16.— A card game
and too much whisky caused^the shoot
ing in George Wright's saloon at Cas
tella Sunday afternoon. George W.
Wilson was shot in the left leg and
painfully wounded. Wright did the
shooting. He fired four shots and
dropped his man with the last one.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sheehy has live children, and on their
account the Judge, at the request of
the wife, refused the application, say-
Ing as a reason that, according to the
testimony, there had been no change
in Sheehy. The Judge said that he was
continually under the influence of
strong drink and that if restored he
would squander the income from the
rent of a ranch which amounts to $1000
per year, as well as other money re
ceived. As Sheehy could not get on
with his brother, the wife was request
ed to select a competent guardian.
SALINAS. Nov. 16.— E. W. Sheehy of
Watsonville, a member of the well
known Sheehy family, who was, at his
own request, declared Incompetent
about a year ago*, made a formal ap
plicaton this afternoon before Judge
Sargent of the Superior Court to have
his brother dismissed from the guard
ianship and himself restored to com
petency.
Shooting at Castella a
Genuine Frontier
Affair.
VALLEJO, Not. 16.— The general com
mittee of the Masonic fraternity having
in charge the arrangements for the lad
ing of the cornerstone of fhe Carnegie li
brary on the afternoon of December 5
has sent Invitations to all of the fraternal
and civic bodies of this clly, and the re
sponses indicate a big turnout. Responses
from Masonic bodies of neighboring cities
are now coming in, and ft Is already an
assured fact that there will be thousands
"of \isltlns Masons here. Golden Gate
Commandery and possfUly California
Commandery, Knights Templar, will at
tend In a body. . Knights will be present
from Oakland, Sacramento and Vacaville.
Elaborate Preparations Being Made
for a Notable Ceremony
in Vallejo.
HASONS WILL ATTEin)
A COBNEBETONE LAYING
Application of a Wat
sonville Man Refused
in Court.
Important Testimony
Given in the Bakers
field Trial.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 16.— Lleuten
ant Colonel Joseph Garard, acting su
perintendent of the Yosemite National
Park, In his annual report, recom
mends the protection of the game in
the forest reserves bordering on the
National Park and reservations; the
return to the old Indian custom of sys
tematically burning over portions of
the forests of the park every fall to
minimize fire danger; amendment of
the rules and regulations so as to ex
plicitly forbid the location of mines,
water and power claims on Govern
ment lands, and any surveying without
the permission of the proper authori
ties; the Government to take immedi
ate possession of all patented lands in
the forest reserve, as well as in the
park; that future acting superinten
dents be given the position for three
years if the exigencies of the military
service permit, and that the park be
made a United States district and that
a resident Commissioner be appointed.
The report estimates that the total
number of tourists who visited the
park in the season of 1903 was 9500. The
report says that the inadvisability of
having the State grant within the Na
tional Park is being discussed and he
expresses the belief that the United
States could obtain possession of Yo
semite Valley from California If the
matter were properly brought before
the State authorities. .
EX-CONGRESSMAN
NOW ON TRIAL
Prominent Oregonian
Figures in Sensa
tional Affair.
Special Di'ppatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 16.— Peter Be
gan, a bartender, to-night testified in
the Hul.se case. He said that he was
on duty the morning of the battle with
outlaw McKlnney, and hearing the
shooting looked up L street and saw
Hulse, the, man on trial for murder, a
minute or two after the shots were
fired. He was on the sidewalk directly
In front of the Chinese josshouse. He
crossed L street at a very rapid walk,
stopped at the corner/ of Twenty-first
street and looked back for a minute.
Then he hurried upTwenty-flrst street.
Attorney Irwln tried hard to wring
from the witness ad admission that he
was not at the saloon. at the time; but
he failed to break down the testimony.
A sawed-off shotgun belonging to
Hulse, with which he has claimed that
he intended going, hunting on the day
of the tragedy, was unloaded in court
to-day. One cartridge was found ' to
contain seventeen bullets of 36 caliber,
seven buckshot and five drams of pow
der, and the other seven buckshot and
sixteen ballets of the same caliber and
nine and a. quarter drams of powder.
VISALIA JUDGE OUSTS
MARSHAL FOR" NEGLECT
Official in the Tulare County City
Suffers for Disregard of
Duties.
VISALIA, Nov. 16.— Marshal G. R.
Watson was to-day ousted from office
by a decision of Superior Judge W. B.
Wallace of this city. The charge
against Watson is neglecting and dis
regarding his official duties.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 16.— Former
Congressman M. A. Moody, charged
with intercepting a letter addressed to
Mrs. Margaret T. Conroy at The Dalles,
came up for trial before Judge Charles
B. Bellinger and a jury In the United
States Court this afternoon. Fast time
was made, the jury being secured and
statements of the case being made be
fore the court adjourned this evening.
Moody was Indicted by the Federal
Grand Jury on October 27 last on the
charge of having on or about May SO
last secured from Postmaster J. M.
Patterson of The Dalles a letter ad
dressed to Mrs. Margaret T. Conroy
for the purpose of secreting, embezzling
and destroying the letter.
The missive in question contained a
receipt for the signature of the ad
dressee from the Comptroller of the Cur
rency drawn for $320 60, representing a
final dividend of 16.03 per cent, the
amount of Mrs. Conroy's claim on the
defunct Dalles National Bank, of which
Moody was president. .
Chinese Will Sue Uncle. Sam.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 16.— Word has
been received here that former Chinese
residents of Mormon Basin, in Eastern
Oregon, ,wlll press a claim for $35,000
against the United States Government
because the citizens of that place burned
their homes and places of business and
drove them out of town. The summary
action of the citizens of that locality was
due to the' discovery that certain Chinese
were enticing young ladies to smoke
opium. " v
WASHINGTON. .N ov . 1 16.-Owin* to the
eerious Illness of a daughter, in San Fran
Cisco and his own poor ; health. , Commls-
Bioner Richards of . the General Land^f
fice has been granted pernrfsston * to re
main from the office until January I next
Richards' fceave Is Extended.
Threatens to Destroy Hotel.
CHICAGO, Nov. 16.— Threats to blow
up the Plaza Hotel, a large structure
fronting Lincoln Park, have been made
to William Hall, manager of the build
ing. In ' an anonymous letter, which
names as an alternative the payment of
J500. The letter was turned over to the
police and a trap "laid . for the writer
but he ..failed to appear. The writing is
sJinilai to that of other; letters which
have, recently „ annoyed wealthy residents
of the neighboring Lake Shore drive dis
trict: ' ' _;
Dies at Age of 101.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16.— Mrs. Marie
Pigrum Harrison, who was In her child
hood days petted by George III. King of
England, is dead at Jier. home In Brook
lyn at the. age of 101." Shejras' the daugh
ter of the King's bootmaker. After her
marriage she became connected with
several large traveling circuses and came
to this country, where she remained. It
is said she introduced many dwarfs for
exhibition, among them Tom Thumb.
Pension List Is Growing.
.WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— The reports
of the pension bureau show that the
pensions Issued during the first four
months of the present fiscal year exceed
ed the same period- of last year by 23
per cent. The pension Issue last year was
the largest in ten years.
. -VICTORIA. B. C. Nov. 16.— The sealing
schooner Enterprise left here to-day for
Cape Horn. She Is the third sealing ves
sel to go . to the sealing ground of the
southern end of the continent from -Vic
toria. •
Postofflce established: Washington—
Fravel, Skagit County, James M. Peas
lee, Postmaster.
Postoffices discontinued December 14:
Oregon— Central, Peninsular, Univer
sity Park and Woodlawn, Multnomah
County (to be made stations of Port
land).
Postmaster commissioned: Califor
nia—Timothy J. Hurlbut, Merrillville.
; Fourth class Postmasters appointed:
California— Ossian E. Gibbons, j?lano,
Tulare County, vice William M. Beals,
resigned; Charles L. Hopkins, Porno,
Mendocino County, vice Elizabeth Star
buck, resigned; Rose Gilarden, San
Que^itin, Marin County, vice Agnes M.
Drahms, resigned. . -
Oregon— N. C. Nelson, Gurda Guer
dane, Umatilla County, vice James
Marcum, resigned.
• Army orders: The following officers
are ordered to the Presidio of San
Francisco for examination for promo
tion: First Lieutenants Percy M. Ash
burn, Francis M. Cusher,^ Frederick F.
Russell and Edwin P. Wolfe, assistant
surgeons.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— The Postal
and Navy departments have issued the
following orders for the Pacific Coast:
Postof flee Department Issues Many
Orders Concerning the Service
in tho West.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE f
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
Superintendent Offers
Many Suggestions to
Government.
HOW TO GUARD
Y0SEMITE PARK
JUDGE SUGGESTS
A NEW GUARDIAN
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 16.— Thomas E..Bar
rett, former marshal of the St. •'Louis
Court of Appeals; John Dolan, chair
man of the Democratic 'city central
committee, and Frank Garrctt, former
policeman, convicted in • the United
States District Court of participation
in naturalization frauds, w<»re denied
a new trial to-day by Judge AOams.
turn of William Zeigler, the
baking powder magnate, to Jefferson
City, to answer to the indictments re
turned against him by the Cole County
Grand Jury on Saturday, on the charge
of attempted bribery in connection wjth
the alum bill legislation in 1901.
Sheriff C. A. Smith' left for Albany.
N. Y., to-night to present the ptipers to
Governor Odell.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.. Nov. 16.
Governor Dockery to-night is
sued a reauisition on Governor
Odell of New York for the re-
Millionaire.
Missouri AsksNewYork
for Custody of the
Friends and relatives of Father Cir
ringione believe the story of the priest,
but the police are awaiting further de
velopments before .taking any action
for the discovery of the alleged abduc
tors. Civil Justice Roesch, an old
friend of the priest, was told by the
latter that there were four me^in the
gang which abducted him. Only one
•was an Italian. One of the other men
was very rough to him and insisted
that he be killed.
He said that he heard the men say
on Saturday that the papers were full
cf the story of his abduction and this
man insisted that he be killed. The
others objected and managed to get
this man Intoxicated and the priest's
life was saved.
The priest said he had been freed but
a few minutes before he had been found
by the policeman. He said he had been
led blindfolded into the passage and
then the bandage had been removed.
Father Cirringione when he left his
home had a gold-mounted ebony cane.
a valuable gold watch and chain and
some money. When found to-day all
were gone.
"They took me to the ocean," he
said, but beyond this the questioners
could get little in detail of where he
had been. He said that when but a few
steps from the doors of his house the
two men grasped him, one grabbing
him by the arms and pinioning them
behind him, v.hile the other thrust over
his nostrils a cloth of some kind satu
rated with a pungent liquid. Then, he
Bays, he lost consciousnes-s and the next
thing he knew was when he found
himself in a d*ark and dismal cellar
with his wrists bound.
I'nder the influence of soothing drugs
Father Cirrinsione became calmer and
was able to tell something of his story.
He said that he had been robbed by
the two men who had pone to his home
on Friday nighi and whom he had ac
companied, believing them to be detec
tives.
A hurried examination of the priest's
physical condition was made by a phy
sician, who found that his worst
wounds were two red marks similar to
those that would have been made had
the priest's 'wrists been bound with a
rope.
• When found to-day Father Cirringione
fell exhausted into the arms of the po
liceman, crying out repeatedly: "They
have robbed me, and they will kill me.
Protect me."
Father Cirringione had incurred the
enmity of Italians about Williams
Bridge by a crusade against vice. He
received several ' threatening letters
and had reported the matter to the po
lice, who were endeavoring to locate
the writers. Late Friday night two
men called upon him and represented
themselves as detectives, asking him to
accompany them to the. station-house.
He did not return and it was believed
he had been carried off by agents of an
Italian secret society.
NEW YORK. Nov. 16.— The Rev. Jo
seph Cirring-ione, rector of the Italian
Church of the Immaculate Conception
la Williams Bridge, a suburb of this
city, who disappeared from his home
under mysterious circumstances last
Friday night, was found early to-day
by a policeman on East Fifty-first
street, raving wildly in Italian, and is
sow in a hospital.
MEN SCAMPER
FROM BULLETS
It is believed there are no more fatal
ities, although firemen are still search
ing the ruins.
The injured: Michael Corrigan, legs
broken; Harry Vandevelde. suffering
from shock, in hospital, outcome un
certain; Battalion Chief Andrews,
slightly injured about body. '
Duffy and Schweda were Killed al
most instantly, having been caught un
der a falling wall. Reed died an hour
or two later in the hospital.
The fire was in the large street car
barn of the Cleveland Electric Railway
Company on Holmden avenue and
Pearl street and broke out about 3
o'clock from an as yet undetermined
cause. The employes of the sireet car
company believe, however, that it was
of incendiary origin.
There were one hundred motors stored
within the building, which covered an
area of four acres, and the flames
spread like a whirlwind, necessitating
the calling out of all available fire
fighting apparatus in the city. The
motors are valued at about two thou
sand dollars each. The loss on the
building is placed at 530,000.
The fatalities were caused by a wall
falling upon Duffy, Schweda, Reed,
Corrigan and Vandevelde. At 4 o'clock
one hundred frantic firemen had suc
ceeded in uncovering six bruised and
bleeding forms.
Fireman Schweda was dead when
found; Harry Vandevelde had both legs
broken and was internally bruised.
Robert Reed was taken unconscious
from the ruins. The firemen worked
desperately in removing the ymoking,
steaming bricks from their comrades.
The firemen were constantly driven
back from the ruins of the fallen wall
by the smoke and fire. Half a dozen
streams were directed into the debris
in a desperate effort to cool it suffi
ciently so that the work of rescue could
go on.
The first one rescued was Michael
Corrigan, who was pinioned beneath
a mass of bricks. He was pleading
with his comrades to help him. A dash
was made through the smoko and fire
and Corrigan was seized by half a
dozen hands and dragged to a place
of safety. It was found that both of
his legs were broken. Moaning pite
ously, he was taken to a hospital. The
bodies of Duffy and Schweda were next
brought out.
Ten minutes later Robert Reed and
Harry Vandevelde, bruised and burned,
were taken unconscious from the ruins.
Battalion Chief Andrews, who was
standing a little back of his men, was
struck by large pieces of stone and in
jured about the legs. He was taken
home.
ROBERT REED.
CLEVELAND, Nov. 16.— Three Sire
men were killed and tv.-o injured as the
result of the largest fire that this city
has suffered in months early to-day.
The dead:
KOUERT DUFFY.
JAMES SCHWEDA."
WITNESS SAYS
HE SAW HULSE
Michigan, Ohio,- Pennsylvania, "Vir
ginia, Tennessee, Wisconsin, New York,
Missouri. Southern California, Eastern
Washington, Texas.
The national prize membership ban
ners were presented. Michigan secured
the prize for the highest increase in
State membership of 1200 members.
On reconvening in Cincinnati there
was a long discussion on the motion to
include "the use of tobacco" in the
white ribbon pledge. When this motion
was laid on the table, notice was giyen
that a constitutional amendment would
be offered at the next annual conven
tion on the prohibition of tobacco.
"State jubilee night" was observed
to-night by the presidents of the States
having made a net' gain in membership
of 500 or over during the year, as fol
lows:
CINCINNATI, O., Nov. 16.— The> na
tional ' convention • of the Women's
Christian Temperance Union, which
began here last Friday and continues
until next Wednesday, is being held In
the Ninth-street Baptist Church, where
the first gathering of its founders was
held soon after the crusade started in
Hillsboro, O., in 1873.
Some of the original crusaders still
reside at Hillsboro, • among them Mrs.
Eliza Jane Thompson, who became
known as "Mother". , Thompson.
"Mother" Thompson is now In her S8th
year and was unable to get to the con
vention here, so the convention went
to her to-day. "The distance Is:sixty
one miles. Jn addition to' the 500 dele
gates, almost as many* more joined
their pilgrimage.
Onytheir arrival the . visitors were
conducted over the same route taken
by the seventy original crusaders, on
the cold morning of December 24, 1873,
when they began their street crusade,
and then they marched into the First
Presbyterian Church* to - inspect the
memorial room and be received by Dr.
Faulconer, the pastor.
After prayer by. Rev. Dr. McSurley,
the crusade psalm was rea"d ? and the
crusade hymn sung. - ' Addresses were
made by the , national officers and
others with responses from the Hills
boro crusaders. The programme in
the church continued one hour, when
the delegates i and others formed in
line to march to the residence ,of
"Mother" Thompson, from .which place
they proceeded to Armory Hall, where
the citizens served luncheon to all. The
schedule provided for . the " delegates to
return in time to resume their sessions
here in the Ninth-street Baptist
Church, at 3 p. m.
"Mother" Thompson* was able to be
present at tn~e church and sat in the
"Frances Willard" chair.
The "old crusade Bible" was used
during the services in the church.
"Mother" Thompson was presented
with bouquets, and the Cleveland dele
gates gave her a fine Japanese shawh
During all of this time he was beg
ging piteously for his life, promising
to' give the thugs who were robbing
and beating him all the money he had
without resistance, He caught hold of
the edge of the top of the car when one
of his assassins stamped upon his
hands, causing him to let go. After
he struck the ground, near the end of
the ties, another shot was fired at him,
which struck him in the back, passing
downward through the left lung, and
was the shot that caused hfs death.
WINNEMUCCA, New. Nov. 16.—
Judge. S. V J. Bonnifleld of the District
Court this morning overruled the mo
tion for a new trial for Fred Roberts,
John K. Sevener, T. F. Gorman and
Frank Williams and sentenced them to
be hanged in the prison yard at Carson
City within not leas, than sixty nor
more than ninety days, the date to be
fixed later.
Each of the prisoners made a plea
for mercy and declared his innocence.
Sevener made a lengthy speech, de
nouncing the tDistr/ct Attorney, the
Jury, the witnesses and the editor of
the Daily Silver' State.
The attorney for the defense imme
diately filed notice of exception to the
ruling of the court on the motion for
a. new trial on the grounds stated in
the motion. The men will be taken to
Carson City at an early date.
The four men are charged in the in
dictment with having killed Jack Welch
on the night of August 19 last, by
Bhootlng him to death on top of a car
of a freight train between Oreana and
Lovelock. According to the State's
side of the- case Welch, who had been
employed during the haying season by
Foreman Merchant of the Reinhart &
Stauffer ranch, left Winnemucca on
the night of August 19, in company
with Al Waldman, who had been work-
Ing here with him, to go to Reno. Hav
ing little money he was working hia
way by cracking coal on the engine of
the freight.
Waldman had entered a box car of
the same train and when the train
passed a point near where the crime
was committed Welch started back on
top of the cars to look for hi3 partner,
Waldman. He had gone but a short
distance when he was accosted by one
of a group of men, who asked him
for a match.. He replied that he had
none, and was then commanded to
throw up his hands.' He compiled and
his assailants went through his pockets
and robbed him. Then, while he was
standing with his hands held above his
head, he was shot through the left arm.
A mix«up followed, in whicn it is al
leged he was beaten, shot through the
left leg and thrown or pushed from the'
top of the car.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Strange Story Explains Cler
gyman's Disappearance
in New York.
Streecar Barn Destroyed by
a Fire of Incendiary
Origin.
Michigan Qet3 Prize for the
Highest Increase in
State Membership.
One of the Prisoners De
nounces the Jury and
. Witnesses. . .
Gives Remarkable De
tails of Abduction
by Robbers.
Three Killed and Two
x Injured in Cleveland
Cocflagration.
Pour Criminals Are Sen
tenced to Death in
Winnemucca. 'i
Temperance Delegates
Call on Mother
Thompson.
PRIEST IS FOUND
ALMOST INSANE
BRAVE FIREMEN
DIE ON DUTY
COURT DECIDES
THEY MUST HANG
VISIT HOME OF
THE CRUSADERS
REQUISITION
FOR RETURN
OF ZEIGLER
THE TAN rBAKClSCO _ CALL, TUESDAY,. NOVEMBER IT, 1903.
MILLIONAIRE INDICTED FOR
ALLEGED BRIBERY OF MIS
SOURI LEGISLATORS.
10
Pc&ri 1 6oap established over xoo yean.
was the first maker
of sticks of soap for
shaving. Sticks, in 3
sizes; shaving cakes
in 3 sizes.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
NEXT SUNDAY; CALL
MATBIMONIAIj
COMEDY OF THE,
THANKSGIVING
TURKEY .
You'll Boar With Laughter at
This Story in the \- '
igAAigTi-^^^^i , For Infants and Children.
Ths Kind You Have
i Always Bough!
UngtheStomachsandBowelsof j BOOTS th.6 ff 1
Promotes Digcstion.CheerfuI- % & 0 */\nT
ness and Rest.Contains neither j , n f g 5}
Opium,Morphine nor Mineral. % M Ul ffyi \\J
Tfox^NAiicoTic. fivWir^
JiK^etfOUJltSiMUIimCKSR \ 1 \#\*^
i-ttmpkui OeUb' « -ni \ ?3 V
MxSaui* * \ }Lf% -
lAX Use
Aperfecl Remedy forConstipa- I I \3 IV ''^''
lion, Sour Stomach. Diarrhoea m I 1 A/
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- jjfi \ Bf LAP filing
ness and Loss OF SLEEP, j XJ* I U I U V U I
Tac Simile Signature of i '
c£4ff&&&K M Thii^tu Yparc
1 «. £JS1 _TP?y • _ J 1 1 iiiiiijf i unio
TMC CCNT*UH eo«n»Y. MCW TOH CITY.
THE MAN
WHO KNOWS
Good laundry work doffs his' hat to our
product and acknowledges its superiority
of fit. finish and cleanliness.
You can't do otherwise upon compar-
ing it with the ordinary slipshod work
of less equipped laundries.
It's the kind you want, and the kind
you'll have If you'll call phone South 420.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OPPICE 1004 MAKTCET STBEET,
Near Powell.
iS j£t* J^ JHLv5 1
Famous the - World I
Over— Fu!l3LMaturc4» I
fl
•Sctd Everywhere. J
. IllL.Jbju,iti; .utin.A.vi.i.1, CO.. *}
i'aeiiic Coast Agents. jK
fc- .¦.¦itjiwiijjLmw.m «^
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsla
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkalino Water.
A. VIGNIJBB CO., San Francisco.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat^
Shuseuh of anatomy^
0 CB 1351 KA3SXT ST. tat 6ft>?a. S.T.OL A
\ Hf The Largnt Anatomical Mmeum in thf \
A _i_ L J_in_ World. Weaknesses or inj rnntr»ctc-i Q
7 Kgajfl di<en« p»«t«l»«-l7 rarod hy the olJest Y
O Jm£»^1 ;> P* cl * ll « on lIle Cout. EiC36yuf*. 9
A QVg*l OH. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ i^SlSa Consultation free »nd strictly priT»te. \
A f jliXjFH Treatment prrsona!!y or br letter. A Q
W fl Or ?| U /»o*tnc« CVraia erery case mdertakem. f
ana llB ' Wri «* for ***• rmi.on*»rnx at A
f I (I I aiHIIIAIiti. HAILED FRSa. UT
1 J II valuable book for mrn) Jk
9 DO. JOED AN * CO.. 1061 M.irkft St.S. F. V
mRYRM£}tfMmB
fCoal Reduction
I American Cannel !
3 Sold by AH Reliable Dealers.
¦ tffcVlISS B C"«<» t« 3TAT CURED. Cat*.
flvTUflflli T«moT«d. He»ith tmtoni. Af
Always. Remember the Fall .N^mo
1 axative jjromo Qjjjnma
CcxcS a Cold is One Day, Crip in 3 DaysTHE WELL-KNOWN AMERICAN CLIPPER SHIP GOVERNOR ROBIE, BOUND TO THIS PORT FROM BALTI
MORE, WHICH WAS COMPELLED TO PUT INTO MONTEVIDEO YESTERDAY ON ACCOUNT OF HER
CARGO OF COAL HEATING.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. .} Sails.
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports.lNov. 19
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports.lNov. 19
A 1.K1 Skagway Sc Way Ports.lNov. 20
Dir'go Skagway & Way Ports.lNov. 24
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. | Nov. 27
the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23 min
utes later than at -Fort Point: the height of Ode
is the tame at both places. *
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Low Waten
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority oi
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER ,17.
Has Cargo Heated.
The American ship Governor Rpbie.
bound from Baltimore for this port, has
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc" Office, IT. S. N., Mer
- chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
¦ November 16. 1903.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
i e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p'.* m." Greenwich tlrtie. " . i. C. BURNETT. • f.
Lieutenant, U.S. N., in charge.
The United States revenue cutter
Hugh McCulloch left yesterday to
cruise along the coast in search of
wreckage or vessels in distress as a re
sult'of the recent heavy weather.
To Look for "Wreckage.
Sun rises ?=53
Sun sets VVix"* '
Moon rises o:0O a. m.
D Time Ttmel ¦ Time Time
p Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L W H W L W H W
\1 3^1 2 0 9:40 6.0 4:18—0.2 11:14 4.9
18 4-04 2.810:25 6.0 5:02—0.5
H W L W H W L W
10 004 4.6 4:45 2.5 11:02 5.0 6:45—0.8
20 O ; 51 4.'J 5:2(5 2.7111 :40 , 5.6 6:26—0.5
21 l'-S0 6.0 6:08 2.9112:17 6.6 7:07—0.4
22 2:27 4.7 6:56 3.p| 1:01 5.3| 7:49—0.2
xjOTE In the above exposition of th« tides
the early morning tides are given in. the left
hand column and the successive tide* of th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the I last tide of the
day except when there are but tbYee tides, as
sometime, occurs. The heights Riven arajn
addition to tbe soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus {—)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low. waters.
Chief Engineer Connolly of the Ruth
arrived from the scene of the wreck
yesterday and/ filed his report with
United States '.Local Inspectors Bolles
and Bulger. The contents of the report
will not be made public until the in
vestigation.
Files His Report.
The British ship Rhuddlan Castle,
which arrived yesterday at Algoa Bay
from Oregon, reached port in bad
shape. Seas had swept her decks, do
ing considerable damage and much
water had found its way into her
hold. ?' !^vwi
Sea Sweeps Her Seek.
The trial of Joseph King, ex-pugilist,
char^f-d with an assault to commit
murdVr upon Chan Cheung, was com
menced before a Jury in Judge Law
lor's Court yesterday. King had been
employed as a watchman at the Chi
nese Theater, on Washington street,
and was* discharged. It Is alleged that
be blamed Chan Cheung, one of the
proprietors of the theater, for his dis
missal and on the night of July 12,
while Chan Cheung was attending a
banquet at a Chinese restaurant on
Jackson street. King attacked him with
a club, beating him on the head till
he was unconscious. . ' ? - '
Joseph King on Trial.
Detective Egan of the harbor police
yesterday arrested F. K. Martini, a
Mexican, as he was in the act of steal
ing a pair of shoes from the store at 23
East street. When searched at the sta
tion Martini's pocket yielded a set of
neatly made burglar tools and a dirk.
Caught in the Act.
POINT LOBOS, Nov. 1G, 10 p. m.— Weather
CLEARED.
Monday, November 16.
City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria, etc., P C
S S Co. .
Br fehlp, Balasore, Lloyd, Liverpool, Balfour,
Guthrle & Co.
Stmr Coca Bay, Nlcolson, San Pedro, : P Q
S S Co. .
Rtmr Coronado, Peterson, Redondo.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, Greenwood.
Stmr Chehalls, Frantzon," San Pedro.
Schr Newark, Relnertson. Stewarts " Point.
)h'-'\-i^ 8 AILED.
Mo«day, November 16. ,
U S Rtmr Hugh McCulloch, Hamlet, for a
cruise.
Stmr Aztec, Robinson, Tacoma.
Stmr Gualala, Johnson, Bowens Landing.
gtmr Coronado. Peterson, San Pedro. • • '
.Stmr Alcazar, Martin, Greenwood..
¦ ' Nor stmr Titanla, Egenes, Nanalmo.
Schr Ida McKay. Lehtola, Eureka.
'; Schr. Jessie K; Men-lam, San .Vicente Land-
Ing. • • ¦ ¦ . • .--,... ...,.-.-¦¦:
TELEGRAPHIC.
Schr Mary C, CamDbcli, 9 hours trom Bo
dega.
Fr baric Bcesuet, Laroque, 129 days from
Rotterdam, via Cherbourg 125 days.
Ship Falls of Clyde, Matson, 22 days from
Hilo.
Bohr Ida A, Deck, 4 hours from ' Bollnas.
Monday, November 16.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 41 hours
from San Diego.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 18 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 59 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 49% hours.
8tmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Chehalls, Frantzon, 72 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound for San Pedro; put In
to land passengers.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Olsen, 4 days 12 hours
from Eureka.
Stmr G C Llndauer, Allen. 4 days from As
toria. . * —
Stmr W. II. Kruger, A hi In, 20 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Lakme, Christiansen, 31 hours from
Eureka; bound south; put in to land passen
gers.
Stmr Coronado, Peterson, 76 houra from
Harbor, bound for San Pedro, put In for pas
sengers.
Stmr Prentiss, Ahlstrom, 70 hours from San
Pedro.
Wh stmr William Baylies, Cottle, 16 day»
from . Unalaska.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The French bark Bossuet, Captain
Laroque. which arrived yesterday, 129
days from Rotterdam, encountered ter
rific weather September 26 and 27 off
Cape Horn. During a succession of
southeasterly and southwesterly gales
the vessel was thrown repeatedly on
her beam ends. The port quarter boat
was carried away and the correspond
ing boat on the starboard side was
stove in. Other damage was done
about the decks.
Nearly Wrecked Off the Horn.
The Alumni Association of the Univer
sity cf California held its annual banquet
last night at the Merchants' Club, 222
Bansoia* street. The members of the foot
ball team that played Stanford last Sat
urday were the guests of the association.
Covers were laid for 100 guests and
feasticg and merry making were kept up
till a late hofir. Frank P. Deerlng acted
as toast-master. Speeches were respond
ed to by Governor Pardee, Professor
llir.ry Morse Stephens. Assemblyman W.
H. Waste, President Wheeler and John
R. Glascock. Members of the football
team also responded to toasts.
The affair was a success and every one
had an enjoyable time. The officers of
the association are: President. Frank
Otis; secretary. W. E. Creed; treasurer,
Joseph H. Moffltt.
Football Team Is Guest of Berkeley
Graduates at Merchants'
Club.
TOIVEIISITY ALUMNI
HOLDS ANNUAL FEAST
The German ship Reinbek arrived
yesterday at Rotterdam from Caleta
Buena and her captain reported that
on October 28, In 43 north 24 west, he
passed a spar and life buoy marked
-Thalia, Hamburg." As a result of this
report the German bark Thalia, now
out 101 days from Iquique for Europe,
was posted for reinsurance at 55 per
cent The British bark Cadogan, out
104 days from Newcastle, Australia, for
Algoa Bay, and the British ship Lind
isfarne, out seventy-seven days from
Newcastle, Australia, for Antofogasta,
were placed on the reinsurance list,
each at 10 per cent. The other overdues
are quoted as follows: Charlonus, 10
per cent; Daisy, 90 per cent; Fifeshire,
25 per cent, and Paris 20 per cent.
Additions to Overdue List,
- Martin K. Cady. formerly a Super
visor of Sonoma County, died suddenly
in his bed at 260 Stevenson street last
Sunday night. . His body was found
yesterday morning. He had been drink
ing heavlty for two years past, and
the autopsy disclosed the fact that
death resulted from cirrhosis of the
liver. Cady was employed in the United
States Mint many years ago.
Death of an Ex-Supervisor.
Steamer. 1 Destination. I SalU. Pier.
November 17. I
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. J10 am Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay direct...! 5 pm Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt | * am Pier 10
S. Barbara. Seattle St. Olvmpia. 4 pm Pier Z
¦Phoenix.... Mendocmo City.... 1 pm Pier 13
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way 9 amjPier 11
CityPueUa. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
November 18. |
Czarina Coco Bay direct [Pier 10
Korea China & Japan 1 pm Pier 4U
Chlco Coquille River 0 pra Pier 1
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPier V
November 1O.
ArMta .. Coos B.& Pt. Orford 10 amlPier 13
laoua. .'....• Humboldt ......... \Z pmjPler 2
S Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
G Ltndauer Astoria & Portland Pier —
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pl.r 24
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 8 am PJer 11
.November 2O. . |
M Dollar... Portland direct ... 4 pm Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt { 9 am Pier 13
November 31. I
N Fork.... Humfcoldt 5 pmjPier 20
Corona Humboldt l:30pfPler 9
vt Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Bai-ita Newport & Way... B am Pier 11
Colon....... N. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPler 40
Nevadan... Honolulu 3 pm Pier 23
Kjval Willapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 20
K November 22. |
g Rosa. San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Centr&Ua-" Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 2
Umatiua..- Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
¦Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
November 23. I
Olvmplc.-- Whatcom & Falrh'n 4 pm Pier 2
7 November 24. . T
G W Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Alliance...- Eureka & Coos Bay 2 pm Pier lfl
November 25. |
Gaelic...... China & Japan ... 1 pmlPier 40
Nicarla.... Hamburg & Way. . 2 pm I Pier 19
November 2T. J
Queen. . .... Puget Bound Ports. 11 amfPler 9
The William Bayliss encountered a
heavy gale on October 18, but came
through it without sustaining any se
rious damage.
THE steam whaler William Bay
liss, the last of the blubber
hunters to leave the Arctic", ar
rived yesterday after a fruitless
cruise. Fifty pounds of whale
bone, secured by trading, and two polar
bear cubs was about all of value that
the whaler brought home with her.
Many whales were sighted, but they
were very « ild and took good care to
keep beyond reach of the hunters' har
poons. The bear cubo were given to
Captain Cottle by natives. They were
white when they stepped aboard the
"William Bayliss, but having neither
snow nor icebergs on board, the fluffy
northerners have been compelled to
limit their toilet, and their coats in
color now match the decks of th«ir
floating home. They are eight months
old and very tame.
FOREIGN PORTS,
" ' FALMOUTH — Arrived Nov 14 — Fr shio Du
quesne, from Oregon. - , - ,., s
NEWCASTLE. Aus. — Sailed Nov 14 — Br
chip Croma/tyrshlre, for Astoria.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Nov 10. 8 a m— Stmr
Sierra, henco Oct 20. ¦?
BANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Nov 15— Schr
A. J West, from Grays Harbor.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Nov 13— Stmr City of
Sydney, for San Francisco. , ,-
CAPE TOWN — Arrived Nov 10— Schr
Churchill, from" Oregon, and sailed for East
London.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Nov 15— Fr ship
Duquesne, from Oregon, for U. K. .
MELBOURNE— Arrived' Nov 14— Br ship
Port Carlisle, hence Aug 6.
HULL— Arrived Nov 15— Fr bark Marie Mo
llnos,. hence Aug ¦ 6. vV • , - .¦ .
HAMBURG — Arrived ; ; Nov 14— Ger etmt
Menea. hence June 20.
NEW YORK— Arrived ;Nov 10— Stmr Kroon
land, from Antwerp.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Iver
nla, from Boston.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Nov 15— Stmr, Lahn.
from New York, for Naples. .'
Sailed Nov 16— Stmr .Prinzess Irene, from
Genoa and Naules, for .Vew York. .
BREMEN — Arrived Nov 16— Stmr Rheln,
from New York. !
GLASGOW— Sailed Nov 14— Stmr Hunga
rian, for Portland.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Pretoria,
from Hamburg, for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 15— Ital war
stmr Elba, from Acapuleo.
Sailed Nov. IS — Ship Marlon Chilcott, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 10 — Jap stmr America Maru,
hence Nov 10: Ger bark Sollde, from Leith.
MAKAWELI— Sailed Nov 15— Bark Edward
May, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
NEW YORK— Cleared Nov 14— Br stmr St.
Bede, for Manila.
U.VALASKA- To sail Nov 1— Stmrs Eureka.
Meteor and Cprwin, for Seattle.'
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 1«— Stmr Corwin,
from Unalaska; stmr .Tamos Dollar, hence
Nov 12; barse Kate Davenport, from Alaska,
In tow atmr Sherikofl. Nov 15 — Stmr Daniel
Manning, from Alaska. Nov 10 — Stmr Dol
phin, from Skngway.
DUTCH HARBOn— Sailed Nov B— Ship
Glory of th/s Seas, for Port Angeles; Nov 8 —
Stmr Eureka, for Seattle. In port, stmr Me
teor, for Seattle; Tyee not arrived on Nov 8.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 16— Bktn
Ekaglt, henc« Nov 5.
REDONDO- Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Coquille
River, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 10 — Stmr Victoria, for
Hongkong. Nov 15— Bktn Robert Sudden, for
San Padro.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Alliance,
from Coos Bay; Ettnr G. W. Elder, hence Nov
Sailed Nov 16— Stmr Acme, for San Fran
cisco: schr James A. Garneld, for San Pedro
Salkd Nov Its — Schr Virginia, for San Fran
cisco; bark Haydn Brown, for San Pedro
PORT TOWNSEND — Inward Nov 18 — Br
strar Algoa. from Astoria for Tacoma; Br
bark Kinross.
Arrived Nov 10— Bktn Kllkltat. from Hono
lulu.
VENTURA — Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Whittier,
hence Nov 15. .
BANDON— Sailed Nov 16— Stmr Chlco, for
San Francisco; schr Antelope, for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAT — Sailed Nov 10 — Stmr Navarro,
for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Nov 13— Bktn Glean
er, for San Francisco.
Nov 16 — Stmr Rival, for San Fran
cisco.
WHATCOM — Arrived Nov 10 — Br ehip Dun
dee, from Port Townsend.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov IB — Schr Me
teor, from Port Hadlock; etmr Iaqua, hence
Nov 13; stmr Alcatraz, from Point Arena. Nov
1G— Schr W. F. Witzeman, from Tacoma; schr
Winslow, from Port Blakeley: schr Balnbridge,
from Port Blakeley: «tmr Bonita, hence Nov
13.
EVERETT— Sailed Nov 14— Bktn Northwest,
for San .Pedro.
TATOOSH — Passed in Nov 10— Ship Glory
of the Seas, from Dutch Harbor for Victoria.
, PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 16—
Ger ship Adolf, from Antwerp.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr
Newburg, hence Nov 13.
Sailed Nov 16 — Schr Borealla for Melbourne;
schrs Falcon. J. A. Campbell and John F.
Miller, for San Francisco; schr Taurus, for
Redondo. >
EASTERN PORTS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
MISCELLANEOUS,
LONDON. Nov. 10. — The ship Governor Ro
bie, from BaJtimore for San Francisco, put
into Montevideo with cargo heated.
LONDON, Nov. 16.->-The German ship Rein
bek nrrtved at Rotterdam from Caleta Buena
to-day and report* passinp a spar and life
buoy marked "Thalia-Hamburg" on Dct. 28,
in lat. 43 N. long. Ui W.
clear: V-\ind northeast, velocity 6 miles, per
hour.
'i . .;. . u ; ; * ." -SPOIfcilN. -
Sept 14 — In lat. 15 S^ long. 31 W, Ger bark
Thekla. from' Antwerp fcr San Francisco.
O«'t 2^r-Per Fr bark BOFnuet— Lat. 9 30 N,
long 115 20 W," Fr bark Jean, from Swansea,
for San Francisco.
The French bark Joliette (at Portland) pro
ceeds In ballast to Wallaroo. Australia.
Notice to Mariners.
WASHINGTON.
Notice Is hereby given that the Belle Rock
buoy, a flrst-claea can, marked "Belle Hock"
In white letters, is reported November 11 as
having drifted about two miles to the north
ward of its position.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1003. page 85.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
C. G. CALKINS. Commander, U. S. N.,
Lighthouse Inspector.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Charters.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Water Front Notes.
The British ship Balasore, v.-hlch
cleared yesterday for Europe, takes a
cargo valued at more than $500,000, con
sisting principally of salmon.
Two score fishermen engaged in a
hand-to-hand battle yesterday at
Meiggs wharf and for about fifteen
minutes provided rare entertainment
for the non-combatants stationed in
that vicinity. When the storm passed
there was not an abrasion in sight, but
every fisherman was hoarse.
The steam schooner Scotia, which ar
rived late Sunday night from Eureka,
lost part of her deckload while cross
ing the Humboldt bar. The sea was
very rough and two breakers dropped
on the Scotia's deck. ,
The Pacific Mail Company's liner
Korea yesterday commenced receiving
stores for the coming voyage. The big
steamship looks quite smart in the new
Jacket of paint received at Hunters
Point.
The steamship Colon will go on the
drydock to-day.
The waterlogged Charles Nelson will
be drydocked to-day and pumped out
to allow those interested in her to make
a survey and ascertain the amount
of damage sustained by the coaster.
put Into Montevideo with her cargo
heated.
, Manager Clough stated that the com
pany expects to have its thirty-two
miles of railroad between Chico and
Sterling ready lor operating by the md
of the year and a few weeks later the
big lumber mill at Sterling will be start
ed. The new plant is expected to fur
r.ish the bulk of the match supply on
this coast, in Hawaii and the Philippines
and will also ship a large quantity of
material to the company's various mills
in the East and different points in Eu
rope. The plant will also include a pa
per mill, the completion of which is be
ing hurried aa rapidly as possible.
Asked as to whether the- Diamond
Match Company was figuring on an ex
tension of its road beyond Sterling, with
possible connections across the eastern
boundary of the State, Manager Clough
replied that several surveying parties
had -been in the field during the summer
and had just come in, owing to the ap
.proach of winter. Just what plans in
the way of railroad building the com
pany has for the future he was not ready
'to state. .
A number of the officials of the Dia
mond Match Company, among them
President O. C. Barber of New York.
CrarrxJ Manager W. M. Graves, Director
tieorge T. Smith of Chicago, Chief En
pine, r J. IJ. Robinson of Chico and F. M.
Clcugh, Pacific Coast manager, also of
Chico, arrival yesterday at the Palace
from th<» lrist mentioned town, where
they have bc-en looking: over the com
riany's big: tlant between there and the
new town or Sterling.
"Will Soon Start New Mills
at Sterling.
Dia—cnd Match. Company's Officials
HAVE BEEN LOOKING
I • OVEB N0BTHEBN PLANT
Steamer. From | Due.
Chlco Coquille River |Nov. 17
Mackinaw Tacoma |Nov. 17
Kev&dau Honolulu |Nov. 17
Gaelic ;hlna &. Japan INov. IV
Mlneola Tacoma Nov. 18
Hero I Oyster Harbor Nov. 18 -
Arizonan [ Seattle Nov. 18
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 18 i
S. Monica.... San Pedro Nov. 18 i
Del Norte Crescent City Nov. 18 I
North Fork . . . Humboldt Nov. 18 '
Bonlta Newport Sc Way Port3.|Nov. 18
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom . . ; . (Nov. 1<j
Uir.atilla Puget Sound Ports (Nov. 18
Abydoa Hamburg & Way Ports.lNov. IX
Iaqua San Pedro Nov. 19
City Sydney.. New York via Panama Nov. 19 j
Corona Humboldt Nov. 19 '
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Nov. in !
Rival Willapa Harbor Nov. la !
Santa Roaa. .. Ban Dtesro & Way Ports Nov. 19 '¦.
M. Dollar...... San Pedra Nov. 20
Nlcarla. ...... Seattle No\'. 21 '
G. \V\ Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 21 i
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Nov. 22
Pom>na Humboldt * Nov .22 !
Centralia Grays Harbor Nov 22*
Newbuxs Grays Harbor Nov* 22 '
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 22 ;
Alliance...,:. Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 22
Mariposa Tahiti ../ Nov. 23
Queen........ puget Sound Ports. ... Nov. 23 |
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports Nor. 23 '
Olympic San Pedro Nov 23 J
Ban Pedro Humboldt Nov. 24 I
Arcata Cooe Bay & Port Orford Nov. 24
H. K. Maru... China & Japan Nov. 24'
Alameda Honolulu Nov 24
Newport .. N. Y. via Panama Nov. 25
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 23 '
Columbia Portland & Astoria Nov. 20
Hawaiian I New York Nov 27 \
Ordering certain street work on Cen
ter place, South Park and Iowa street,
bftween Twenty-third and Twenty-
Jifth streets.
Accepting a deed from S. Ducas
Company and George Ryan for land to
open Condon street, from Army street
to Peralta avenue.
Regulating the opening of hydrants
on public streets.
Providing for the full acceptance of
Cumberland street, between Guerrero
and Dolores streets.
definitely postponed.
The Kayes Valley Athletic Club was
gianted a r>5mit to hold an amateur
boxing: exhibition on Monday evening,
JCovember 10.
The following ordinances were finally
passed:
Regulating the maintenance of sta
bles.
Granting the United Railroads per
mission to erect a storaee tank for oil
having a capacity of 55.000 barrels.
Fixing grades at certain points on
Yisitacion. Sunnydale, William, Paul,
Twenty-third, Twenty-fourth, Twenty
fifth. Twenty-sixth and Twenty-sev
enth avehues South.
Tha Mayor's veto <<i the ordinance
re-quiring the names of ingredients to
be placed on pack^pos containing food
for human consumption was sustained
by the unanimous vote of the board.
Stationery C!erk Finn filed his report
fcr September, thawing that the city
exx>ended 5145S 0* for stationery,
$2319 'b tor printirjr, $125$ for books
snd ?rv58 50 for stamps, a total of
J.^04 SO.
The petition of 11. J. Lyon that the
builcirg ordinance be amended so that
vails c( irfick built in between steel
pi idles shaH net be lers than thirteen
ir.chvs in thicknt«s v.as referred to the
Kire Oorcrrdtlec. f
The ordinance repealing 1 the order
repulatir.p the establishment and
maintenance of eicrar factories was in-
The !>>ard of Supervisors yesterday
requ< mc'. the City Attcrney for an
opirK'n a.-; to whether It would be ad
visable tii appeal from the decision of
the Superior Court ruling that the spe
cial levy for schools and a hospital was
illegal. The opinion wiil determine the
ripht <^f the city %o refund taxes aggre
gatir.x 5210,000 to those who did not
proifjn against their payment. Owing
to the fact that the people voted to is
sue- bends for the improvements named
the money collected under the special
levies will not be reeded for vhe pur
pose and it is deemed unneceseary for
the city to incur cny further expense
in prosecuting an appeal from the
judgment that the levies were invalid.
TO AKIUVE
Railroad officials say that reports of
a sink hole being found in the middle
of the lake, apparently bottomless, and
that accidents have occurred there are
grossly exaggerated. The troublesome
spot, apparently the old bed of a river,
has long since been filled In and ceased
to give trouble. The long stretch of
track across the great inland salt sea
is expected to prove one of the most
picturesque features of transcontinental
travel.
Ilovements of Steamers.
OGDEN, Utah. v, Nov. 1C— The first
train— a work train— crossed the entire
length of the treat!? work from the
cast to the west side of Great Salt
Lake over the Ogden-Lucin cut-off this
morning. The connection rails of the
two ends were laid temporarily at
about the middle of the. west arm of
the lake, biit.they will not be perma
nently laid and the last spike will not
be driven until Friday, when President
Harriman and party will visit the cut
off ar.d a member of that party will
perform the ceremony. '
SALT LAKE. Utah. Nov. 16.— The
last rail was laid Sunday on the long
cut-off of the Southern Pacific Rail
way across the northern arm of Great
Salt Lake from Ogden to Lucin,* Nev.
There ia yet a great deal of work to
be done before the cut-off can be used
for traffic, but the track will be ready
for use by next Friday, when President
Harriman and other officials of the
Harriman system will make a formal
trip of inspection of the new line. It
is expected that regular traffic will be
instituted within sixty days over the
cut-off, which is expected to save at
least two hours in running time, be
sides eliminating the heavy expense in
hauling trains up the long, steep Pro
montory hill around the northern edge
of Great Salt Lake.
Several existing ordinances were re
vised and re-enacted to conform with
the charter, imposing a license of $10
per auarter on billposters, advertising
sign painters and streetcar advertisers;
prohibiting the bribery of police offi
cers and regulating the maintenance of
railroad tracks and turntables.
The committee decided to allow Aig
eltinger's bill for hay and other de
mands for goods not purchased under
contract.
The amended ordinance fixing the
width of sidewalks on all streets and
avenues sixty-six feet or more and less
than eighty feet in width at twelve
feet and on all streets eighty feet or
more in width at fifteen feet was passed
to print by the board.
The board ordered the placing of tel
ephones In all the public schools.
The amended ordinance regulating
the plumbing and drainage of build
ings so that the Health Board shall not
determine the method of "siphonage"
was passed to print.
The ordinance regulating the main
tenance of shooting galleries so that
they may be maintained by private
shooting clubs under certain restric
tions was passed to print.
The Health Committee was requested
to take testimony regarding the sug
gestion that satisfactory metnoda of
plumbing may be used other than those
now required by ordinance.
The committee thereupon requested
the City Attorney to advise whether
the Park Commission must enter into
contracts for supplies or labor; whether
the approval of four of tne commission
ers is necessary for the enforcement
of a contract and whether the commis
sion has power to purchase supplies in
the open market without public com
petition in sums less than $500.
The committee objected to a bill of
$1585 25 in favor of E. Aigeltlnger
for hay marked "non-contract" in that
it exceeded the $500 limit. Superintend
ent McLaren explained that the hay
contract had expired two months ago
and as the market price is high it had
been deemed best for the interests of
the city to continue purchasing the hay
for the old contract price, which was
much lower than the present market
rate.
McDonald called attention to what
he termed a technical violation of the
charter by the board in exchanging
copper ingots for a "New England
Kitchen." McDonald said the money
received for the ingots, amounting to
$1000, had not been turned into the
treasury, but went for the Durchase of
the kitchen. McDonald said he had
objected to the transaction as it was
carried on with the * curator of the
museum, who Is an employe of the
board and who owned the kitchen.
Park Commissioners Sullivan. Mc-
Donald and Altman appeared before
the Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday to explain the reason why
the commission does not advertise for
bids for so-called non-contract goods
In amounts less than $500, but Instead
purchases them In the open market.
The committee had withheld approval
of certain demands on that account at
the last meeting:.
Sullivan Quoted the charter, which
says that "every contract exceeding
$500 in amount shall be open to public
competition, but that no contract shall
be entered into authorizing the ex
penditure of " money without the ap
proval of four of the commissioners."
Sullivan also referred to an opinion
of the City Attorney to the effect that
the Park Commission has an entirely
independent power to contract for its
own supplies and materials. Sullivan
said that heretofore contracts had been
entered into by a vote of three com
missioners.
President Harriman and Party
Will Drivo the Last
Spike.
Pass Bills for Goods Nob
Purchased Under Com
petitive Bids.
Unanimously Sustain Mayor's
Veto of the Labeling
Oidinance.
Board Asks City Attor
ney for Advice as to
Proceeding's.
Fir3t Train Crosses the
Ogden - Lucin
Cub-Off.
Whaling Steamer Returns From the Arctic With Two Polar Bear
Cubs and Fifty Pounds of Bone Obtained From the Natives,
the JWhales Proving Wise Enough to Avoid Hunters' Harpoons
Supervisors Confer With
Park Commission on
Contracts.
WOULD REFUND
SPECIAL TAXES
GREAT SALT LAKE
TRESTLE FINISHED
SEEK TO DEFINE
BOARD'S POWER
WILLIAM BAYLISS MEETS WITH SCANT
LUCK THROUGHOUT HER LONG CRUISE
THESAN FBAKCISCO .^CALIj, vTU^ESDAY, NOVEMBER IT. 1903.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IRHEUMATISM'SBSl
Helpless, Physical and Financial Buffer no longer §H
For information, write SAN LUIS HOT SUL-i
PHUR SPRINGS, SAN LUIS OBISPO, CALjl
SEE THE FULL PAGE .
PHOTOGRAPHIC
PHANTASY
NEXT SUNDAY CALL'S
BEAUTIFUL
THANKSGIVING EDITION.
Notice Is hereby given that the taxes
on all personal - property secured by
real property and one-half of the taxes
on real property will be due and pay-
able on Monday, November 2, 1903, and
will be delinquent on Monday, Novem-
ber 30, 1903, at 6 o'clock p. m., and un-
less paid prior thereto, fifteen per cent
will be added to the amount thereof,
and that if said one-half be not paid
before the last Monday in April next
at 6 o'clock p. m., an additional five per
cent will be added thereto* that the re-
maining one-half of the taxes on all
real property will be payable on and
after the first Monday in January next,
and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day in April next thereafter at 6
o'clock p. m., and unless paid prior
thereto, five per cent will be added to
the amount thereof.
That all taxes may be paid, at the
time the first Installment as* herein
provided is due and payable.
That said taxes are due and payable
at the office of the Tax Collector, New
City Hall.
N. B.— For the convenience of tax-
payers unable to call during the day,
this office will be open continuously
during the month of November ' from
8:30 a. m. to 9 p . m., commencing Mon-
day, November, 16, 1903.
Taxpayers whose assessed valuation
is covered by mortgage will this year,
owing to the increased valuation for
State purposes, have a tax to pay,
and should in all cases ask for their
bills.
Taxpayers will greatly facilitate this
office and themselves by bringing last
year's tax bills.
(Signed) EDWARD J. SMITH,
Tax Collector of the City and County
of San Francisco.
190STaxeslSD5
T v'advebtisements.
/^^ CARTERS
Positively cured by txiCSO
little Pills.
Thej also relieve Distress from Dyspepsfa,
; Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Kacsea, Drowsl-
I qcss,' Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
1 Pain in the Side, TORPID UVER. Thsy
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
BmalJ Pill. Small Doso.
Small Price.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamers leave San Fran-
/&\£Ji s -«£jjv cUco aa follows:
AfZT_ Xj\ F° r Ketchikan. TVranjrei.
' fii/T5!3C5& "«A Juneau. Haines. Skagway.
I J j mVVift I j etc.. Alaska— 11 a.m.. Nov.
\tj\ Xi^/'Cf/ Change to company's steam-
y*&vV_^^*y "8 at Seattle.
*" or Victoria, Vancouver.
*~ --^ Port Townsend Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Nov. T.
12. 17, 22," "CT Dec 2 — Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle cr Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P By. *
For Kurcka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona 1:30
•p. m.. Nov. «. 12 IS. 24. 30 D^c. 6; Corona,
! 1:30 p. m.. Nor. 9. 15 2i. 27. Dec. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa r.osa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Cast
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucoa. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m., Nov. 0. 17. 25. Dec. 3.
Bontta. ft a. m.. Nov. B. 13. 21. 20. D«e. 7.
For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. * Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to charge steamers cr sail.
Ing date*.
TICJXET OF7XCSS — 4 New Montgom-
; fry street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
' Broadway -wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
r C D. DUNANS, General Passenger Atfi'nt.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O, /?. & /V, CO,
"Columbia" sails Nov. 9, 19. 29, Dec. 9. 19.
29. '•George W. Elder" «ails Nov. 14. 24.
Dec. 4, 14, 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail Un« from Portland
to all points East. Throush tickets to all
points, all rail or ?teamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets include berth,
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st.
at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Ajct. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery St.
AME2ICAH I.T.2TS.
New Tork— Sonttampton— Iiondon.
St.Paul,Nov.28.9:3O am:yt. Louts. Dec. 12,9 :'M am
Pnila...Dec 5, »:3O am N.York. Dec. 19. 9:30 am
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT I.I2IE.
New .York — London Direct.
Minne'ha.N*ov. 28. noon|Minfka.Dec. 12. noon
Menominee.Dec. 3. 9 amiMesaba. .Dec. 19. 9 am
Only Flrst-Claas Passengers Carried.
soMiznozr line.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Canada Nov. 2S[Domlnion Dec. 9
Cambroman Dec. .5ICana>la Jan. 2
BED STAB LINE.
New York — Antwerp — Paris.
Zeel'd.Nov.28,. 10:30 am! Vadrd.Dec.l2.1t>:30 am
Finl'd.Dec ». 10:30 am!Krnrd.Dec.l9.10:30 am
WHITE STAB LINE.
New York — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
'- "Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Teutonlc.Nov. 25, nocnj Oceanic Dec IB. 4 pm
Cedrlc.Dec. 2. 2:30 pmiTeutor.lc.Dec. 23. noon
Arabic. Dec. 9, 9:30 am.Cedric.Dec. 3O, 1 pm
Boston— Queenstown — Liverpool.
Cretlc Dec. li>, Feb. II
Cymric... Dec. 24. Jan. 28. Feb. 25
BOSTON MEDITEBKANEAN SSBVICE.
Azores, Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
ROMANIC Dec. 5, Jan. lft, Feb. 27
REPUBLIC (new) Jan. 2, Feb. 13. Mar. 2H
CANOPIC...... Jan. 3O. Mar. 13
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
.21 Post st., San Francisco.
I^MAPl^S ft ALEXAMDaiA. E-C.YR7^>3
ROMANIC. Dec. B, Jan. 16, Feb. 27. Ap!. 9
REPUBLIC <n«w), Jan. 2. Feb. 13. Mar. 2n
CANOPIC J*n. 80. Mar. 12
(Send for rate* and Illustrated booklet.)
Tnese steamers ar* the largest In Medi-
terranean service.
First c2ass. #75 and $30 upward, according
to <Jate of sailinc.
Boston to Liverpool Quee^tow,
CRETIC Dec. 10. Feb. It
CYMRIC Dec. U. Jan. 28. Feb. 25
First da*s. $63 upward. For plaaa. etc.
address
WHITE STAR LIXE. 77-81 Stata St..
Boston. -or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Pc«t aV
10Y0 K1SEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
- Etcamern will leave wharf, corner First ant
Brannan streets, at 1 p. ra.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting a:
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. Xo>
cargo received en board on day of sailing.
S. S. HONOKONO MARU
Thursday. December 3. 19C!
S. S. NIPPON MARtT (Callln* at Manila)
Wednesday. December 30. 19C-T
S. S. AMERICA MARU
.; Monday, January 23. 190*
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and pa*?ag» apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
;---W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
oceanic8.s.co.s°Ss
B. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Nov. l:). 2 p. m-
S 8.. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Nov. 2S.ll a.m.
8 S.-MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, "^ec. 1. 11 a. m.
ii.smcxastnos.eo.. up., iwst g:s».b43 iiruta
lrtahtBffiaLlMBarkat!L.Piifb.7.fao&!t
——— — — — — — — — — — — — — — •
tO J1PAQ5IE 8SNERALE TBA!?3ATLA!rriQ?£ .
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. JMkw
Sailing every Thursday Instead of ¦jJK\frafn
Saturday ; at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ••««»«•
North Kiver. foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 AND
CANADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson Building).
NVw York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Gxut
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francl3co.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and Valla Jo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9-45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. »:« a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a m.. 12:30 and 8 P- m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day' 7 a. m. 4:15 P- m. Fare. 60 cents. T*l.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. . . >
The^Weekly Call
61 per* Year.People who are under the impression
that Paul Steindorft is not highly re
garded, as an orchestra leader should
have been at . the Tiyoli '•¦ last r night on
the occasion of his testimonial benefit.
Many of his brothers in the profession,
the operatic stars who are now- exhib
iting their, vocal talents at the Eddy
street playhouse and the management
all contributed to make the testimonial
a signal success- in every detail. The
Tivoli.
J. Mulligan was elected president •
C. Warden, vice president; Hugh ConI
nor; recording secretary; James Mc-
The leaders of the union movement
say they have repeatedly asked the
company for an increase in wages but
h.-ve been refused. ' . .'
More than 200 employes in the freight
yards of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company organized- into a union yes
terday and have applied to the Ameri
can Federation of Labor for a char
ter. • The men are desirous of getting a n
increase in wages. At present they re
ceive 22% cents an'hour and they want
3 cents additional and extra pay for
overtime. The rrien claim they are
forced to work overtime without extra
remuneration.
Men Employed by Southern Pacific
Company Unionize and Ask
for Higher Pay.
FREIGHT HANDLERS FORM
A STRONG ORGANIZATION
. Marsh and Sartella, a refined singing
and dancing duo; the Volkyras, Euro
pean gymnasts and hand-balancers,
and Marie Rossley and John Hostelle,
in "A "Widow's Courtship," were new
at the Chutes yesterday and made great
hits at both performances.
Chutes.
"Rubes and Roses" is proving an un
usually strong attraction at Fischer's
Theater. Georgia O'Ramey created
more than her share of the amusement
last night.
Fischer's.
The sale of seats for the fifth annual
benefit under the auspices of the As
sociated Theatrical Managers of San
Francisco in aid of their charity fund
for the sick and needy In the profession,
to take place at the Columbia Theater
next Friday afternoon, began at the
box office of the theater yesterday with
a large demand. These benefits are the
theatrical event of the year and the
committee on programme announces
that a performance, beginning at 1
o'clock sharp, will be given that will
long be remembered In the amusement
annals of the city. The principal the
aters will send the best features from
the current bills and a little grand
opera, drama, vaudeville ami circus
will be offered. The performance will
be continuous and there will be no
waits of any description.
Theatrical Managers' Benefit.
The third week of "Ben-Hur" was
ushered in at the Grand Opera-house
last night, a throng of theater-goers
filling every seat and no small amount
of standing room receiving the Klaw
& Erlanger production with unbounded
enthusiasm.
Grand Opera-House.
Teaman, financial secretary, and F.
Gallaher, treasurer.
At a meeting of the Wine and Liquor
I Workers' Union it was decided to re
quest the Labor Council's co-operation
In preventing the employment of Chi
nese and Japanese as porters and dish
washers in the saloons of this city.
By an amendment to the constitution
of the Musicians' Union members may
enlist in the National Guard.
The Cloakmakers* Union will strive
to have their differences settled by ar
bitration.
Newhall's Estate Appraised.
The estate of the late Henry G. New
hall was appraised yesterday at $360,
85S 23. It consists of $24,418 23 cash and
realty in this city and Los Angeles
worth $336,440.
¦ ? ¦
Late Shipping Intelligence.
sailed. 'i*
Monday, November 18.
Etmr Lakme. Chrl.itensen. .
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson. Albion..
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA—Arrived Nov 16—Stmrs News
boy. South Bay and San Pedro, h*nce Nov 14;
stmrs Eureka and Corona, hence Nov 15; schr
Mary K. Rum, hence Nov 5; schr Eva. from
San-Pedro; schr Bertie Minor, from San Diego.
Sailed Nov 16—Bark Charles B. Kenny, tor
Sydney.
ABERDEEN—Arrived Nov 16—Stmr New
burp. hence Nov 13.
VENTURA—Sailed Nov 16—Stmr Whittier,
for San Francisco. V
OUTSIDE BOUND IN—MIDNIGHT.
Fr bark MacMahon. and a bark.
. The Central Theater scored a scenic
and spectacular triumph last night in
its gorgeous production of the power
ful drama of the Arctic seas, "Under
the Polar Star." The scenic artists
who wrought the magnificent effects on
the canvas merit special praise, as do
also the electricians and stage me
chanics for their noteworthy part in
the mounting of the piece. Beautiful Eu
genie Thais Lawton, as the heroine who
goes to the Arctic disguised as a cabin
boy, contributed, with exceptional clev
erness, to the success of the perform
ance, and Georsie Woodthorpe and
Myrtle Vane did well in minor parts.
"Under the Polar Star" is without
doubt- the greatest dramatic spectacle
ever witnessed at the Central Theater
and should draw crowded houses dur
ing its run. ' •
CentTal.
BERLIN, Nov. 16.— Seslno Meyer, the
girl who had Iain since December 27, 1SS8,
in a trance-like sleep, awoke yesterday in
the village of Grambo, near Bremen, dur
ing the clanging of fire bells. Her case
had long interested physicians and had
been the subject of various experiments.
Fire Bells Break the Trance.
STUDIES AND SKETCHES
AT ART INSTITUTE
Annual Exhibition of Water Colors
and Pastels Is An
nounced.
The San Francisco Art Association
nil hold its annual fall exhibition at
ho Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, be
rinninq: Friday. November 20, and end
nsr Thursday, Deor-mber 3.
This exhibition will not only include
he annual display of water colors, pas
ela and black and whitp. but will also
mhraoe studio and sketches in all
:i<*diums. Members of the Art Asso
iation are invited to a private view of
'ip pictures on Thursday evening of
his week from 8 until 11 o'clock
Important Meeting 1 of the Advisory
Committee Will Bo Held
This Afternoon.
An important meeting of the advisory
committee of the California promotion
committee will be held this afternoon at
the headquarters of the committee on
New Montgomery street.
The advisory committee consists of
Governor Pardee, Will S. Green. R. P.
Lathrop. C. P. Soule, James A. Barr, E.
O. McCormick. W. A. Bissell. F. X. Ryan,
George W. Heintz and Lewis E. Aubury.
The general subject of co-operation for
the promotion of the welfare of the State
will be discussed.
WILL DISCUSS METHOD
FOR PROMOTING STATE
NAPA, Nov. 16.— J. S. Strauss, while
on his way to Napa Sunday evening,
was held up by two highwaymen on the
railroad track a short distance below
town. He was relieved of his purse,
containing $2 80, and a bundle of cloth
ing. He came to Napa and the rob
bers went down the track toward.Val
lejo.
Sheriff Dunlap and deputies imme
diately started in pursuit. Late Sun
day night Constable Secord saw the
bundle of clothing that had been taken
from Strauss in a saloon. One of the
robbers had left it and returned early
this morning to get it. He became sus
picious and hurriedly left the saloon.
Late this afternoon Sheriff Dunlap and
Under Sheriff Daly started out after
the suspects on the Foss Valley grade
and located one of the robbers at his
father's house, near Atlas Peak. His
name is Wiliam Wende and he admits
having left the bundle at the saloon.
Pursuit for Highway Robbers Ends
With Partial Success in
Napa County.
OFFICERS FIND ONE
OF A BANDIT COUPLE
Alfred Rhodes, a private who was
sentenced to life imprisonment on Al
catraz Island but who received a par
don from President Roosevelt, claims
to know the details regarding the
forged pardons which ffave four pris
oners their liberty a few weeks ago.
Rhodes was sentenced to life impris
onment for killing a Filipino a little
over a year ago, but, owing to exten
uating circumstances, he secured a par
don. The story he tells Is to the effect
that one Robinson, a fellow convict,
who acted as printer on the island,
planned the escape of the four and
printed the forgeries that procured
their release. His story throughout is
wild and thoroughly improbable.
Rhodes is living at a hotel on Third
street, but is registered under an as
sumed name.
Alfred Rhodes, a Former Life-Timer,
Circulates Improbable Story of
Prisoners' Escape.
PARDONED CONVICT CliAIMS
KNOWLEDGE OF FORGERIES
Mrs. Edith Osgood suspects that her
husband knows too much about the
paternity of the club baby, while her
sister, Florry Larkins, entertains a like
suspicion as to her betrothed. Of
course both men are innocent, but a
prior flirtaton between Arthur Cham
berlain and Emma Green and Emma's
demand for the return of her letters
cause a misunderstanding that is at
the bottom of all the trouble. It is only
at the close of the last act that the
mother of the Interesting baby Is
found, but its paternity is somewhere
in the graveyard.
Marie Howe, as Mrs. Law, the mis
chief-maker, achieved a signal success.
In makeup and action she was funny
without trying to be so. and the house
was convulsed with laughter whenever
she appeared on the, stage. Another
splendid bit of character acting is the
part of Jeremiah Larkins, assumed by
George Osbourne. Jeremiah is in dead
earnest all the time and Osbourne
made him so, but his very earnestness
Is irresistibly funny. John B. Maher's
Bertie Law, the henpecked one, is a
clever personation. Walter Belasco's
Major Plunkett is Irish enough In
brogue, but o'er the makeup let the
veil be gently dropped.
The Edith Osgood of Adele Block is
a happy conception and not at all
forced or overdone. It is simply good
acting. • Miss Starr's Florry Larkins
Is a neat bit of soubrette work that Is
thoroughly enjoyed, whjle Grace Good
all's Emma Green Is comical, even In
the gravest moments.
There Is cachlnnation enough in "The
Club's Baby" with which clever farce
the week's bill opened at the Alcazar
last night, to satisfy the most laughter
loving crank. The advent into the club
of an 18 -month -old baby, and
the Jealousy of members' wives,
fanned by the insinuations of
a woman's rights woman, Mrs.
Law, are the grounds for the fun
niest situations. The farce requires a
large cast, but that is because of the
clubroom scene In the second act,
where all the gentlemen are pressed
into service.
Alcazar.
ASTORIA. Or., Nov. 16.— The ex
tremely heavy weather that has pre
vailed in the Lower Columbia River
district for the past two weeks will re
sult in early suspension of logging ope
rations, according to the statements
made by loggers doing business near
this city. The rains have so interfered
with the work that the output of logs
has been materially curtailed and it is»
probable that half of the camps will
cease operations before December 1.
In Southwestern Washington, where
the output of lumber has been enor
mous during the year, many of the
mills are reducing their output. Work
ing forces are being reduced, only the
most valuable men being retained.
Many of the mills of Washington and
Oregon have suspended night work,
and the loggers, anxious to hold up the
price of their product, have simultane
ously arranged to limit their output.
The opinion prevails among well-in
formed men that the curtailed produc
tion will have the effect of increasing
the price of lumber or at least of hold
ing up prices.
It is reported in India that the Thi
betans expect Russian support against
the invasion. A Russian emissary who
formerly was in the Chinese customs
service lias been in Thibet for some
time and has acquired great influence
• •ver the lamas and prie?ts. who claim
to have discovered by divination that
the present year is propitious for war.
The Government of Nepal, a state in
the frontier of Thibet, has warned the
peop]« of Thibet against the Russians
and has given notice that Nepal will
not assist the Thibetans against the
British.
improbable. The L'Hassa Government
declares it is determined to fight. It
is distributing large quantities of rifles
and is telling the people to prepare for
war. The soldiers throughout the coun
try have been warned to be in readi
ness.
KARACHIA, British India, Nov. 16.
—The Viceroy, Lord Curzon, and party,
escorted by four battleships, sailed to
day on a tour of the Persian Gulf. The
expedition commanded by Colonel
Youngrhusband, which Is being pre
pared ia India to support the British
mission to Thibet, starts in a few days.
It has been ordered to occupy the
Chumbi Valley, the key to Thibet, and
to advance on Gyangtz, an Important
t enter 150 miles from L'Hassa. The ob
ject of the mission is to discuss with
the Thibetan authorities their non-ob
servance of treaties and consequent In
jury to the trade of India and Thibet.
The Dalai Lama treated the mission
<jn*-handedly and sent subordinates,
who refused to receive the British un
less the latter retired from Khamba
jong into Indian territory. Colonel
I'ounphusband refused to do so, forti
lied the camp occupied by the mission
and then himself returned to report
to the Viceroy. The result is that the
former has been granted a consider
able force to support the British de
mands. A settlement of the matter is
The lawyers believe that his term Is
short, when the credits he may earn
are considered, and that he may serve
It before an appeal to the bupreme
Court can be decided.
WOODLAND, Nov. 15.— During the
closing week of October L. A. Weiss,
charged with the murder ' of Charles
Hodge, at Knights Landing, on Aug
ust 23, was convicted of manslaughter
and Judge Gaddls sentenced him to a
term of five years in San Quentin.
Weiss' lawyers gave notice of a mo:
tion for a new trial and also of an ap
peal In the event that a new trial is
denied. Weiss is in ill health and his
counsel have about decided to abandon
efforts for a new trial and an appe.il
and allow him to begin the service of
his term at once.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Production Is Diminished
and the Prices Will Be
High.
People Have Been Told This
Is Propitious Year for
Wai fare.
Fear Exists That the Mills of
Justice May Grind
Slowly.
William Courtenay, as the lover,
Trenwith, Is virile and intelligent, but
not supremely loverlike. Even for him
one's sympathies are left unwrung.
Much the best in the support is J.
Hartley Manners as Croker Harring
ton, a Cayle Drummle sort of figure,
most adequately realized by Mr. Man
ners. The Maldonado Is crudely han
dled by Mr. Henry Jewett, who not In
frequently suggests the Central in his
methods of villainy. The rest fill in,
very, pleasantly in Ethel Winthrop's
case, and the piece is brilliantly gown
ed, staged and stage managed.
The play goes smoothly enough and
throughout there is the gleam and glis
ten of. the only Pinero's dialogue. One
cannot miss "Iris" if but for a glimpse
of what we have here so far happily
avoided. BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Possibly if Miss Virginia Harned, who
appears In the difficult leading role, at
tempted to realize more thoroughly the
suggested surpassing charm of Mrs.
Bellamy— that enslaves all who come
within her influence, men, women and
children — the play's ' effect would be
stronger. But Miss Harned makes no
bid for sympathy In her interpretation.
She spares nothing of the shallowness,
the meanness, the Intense falsity, the
terrible. littleness ot the character. She
brings to the role a fascinating stage
presence, ample physical beauty, but
these are denied the additional appeal
of feminine softness, a tenderness that
might go with weakness, that would
explain the play's insistence on her
many allurements. But it is a thor
oughly intelligent conception, if not
temperamentally satisfying, and Miss
Harned would be worth seeing in any
thing. Her gowns are the proverbial
dreams, and worn in the way dreams
should be .worn.
Croker Harrington, the third man,
whose only wish is to serve Iris— though
one finds this quite likable person be
ginning to despise her here — comes in
to tell her of Treuwith's return from
the ranch, successful. And Iris, with
Maldonado In the house, aska Harring
ton to take a letter to Trenwith ap
pointing an interview. Trenwith comes,
she confesses, and the sordid tragedy
is at an end.
Immediately then the Jew, who of all
people In the play alone seems to un
derstand the Inherent depravity of the
character of the woman he loves, leaves
his check book with her. And still wet
from her lover's — Trenwith, this time —
tears — Mrs. Bellamy writes out one of
the Maldonado checks. True, it Is to
help a young woman who has been
robbed by her own defaulting trustee,
but the horror, the mean, miserable,
little horror of the thing, is the first
actual note one gets of this tragedy of
littleness.
. We find her afterward installed in
a handsome flat, deserted by all of her
friends except Maldonado and a third
lover — the only thoroughly good fellow
In the play. Maldonado is paying for
the flat and Iris Is as usual weeping
about it. Almost, this tainted lady is
as damp of habit a% Miss Anglin as
Claire in Henry Millar's "Aftermath."
He still, decently, wishes to marry her,
but she will not.
"Morality," some one has said, "is all
a matter of latitude." Immorality
would seem also to be all a matter of
latitude. The particular depravity of
Ids, a woman with the lust of luxury
bitten Into the very core of her, who is
bought — and will not stay bought, who
wrings her Jeweled fingers through five
acts that she cannot have her cake and
eat it, becomes wholesomely unintelli
gible in the woolly West, her sordid
tragedy not seldom fancied. It is the
fruit of a civilisation o'er-ripe, ripe to
rottenness. Its decadence is of the old
world, not of the new. Here, In short,
are not the "suitable surroundings." In
a country where within living memory
the women marched with their men
folk across the plains, the Iris kind of
woman, her problem, her tragedy, can
not yet make any serious appeal, for
the original of the portrait is lacking.
It is tragedy in another key, so to
speak, and we haven't the ear for its
particular horror.
Iris Bellamy we find first In a luxuri
ous home. She is a widow. She Is 26.
Her late lamented has, however, dis
counted the latter hopeful facts by cut
ting her off without the proverbial
shilling if she marries again.
The second scene — after a dinner
party, discovers Mrs. .Bellamy making
an appointment with her poor lover,
Laurence Trenwith, for an hour after
her guests' departure. She has mean-'
while granted her millionaire lover,
Maldonado, the privilege of an inter
view half an hour before. Maldonado
proposes to her. She accepts tentative
ly. Trenwith comes In then, and it is
discovered that Iris has given to him
such love as she has. But she will not
marry a poor man, and has put Mal
donado between herself and the temp
tation. But Maldonado does not "stay
put" — in current parlance, and, under
Trenwith's Influence, she writes to the
millionaire, declining to see him the
following morning, when her Xull con
sent to marry him was to be given.
And here begins the deadly battle of
Iris' shifting emotions. Now here, now
there, one never knows afterward Just
where she will be found, but always
sure it will be on a lower and yet low
er plane. She goes to Switzerland, per
mitting Trenwith to accompany her
there, who. It seems, is due in a "ter
rible American ranch" to make his for
tune. Six weeks pass and, her lover's
means almost gone, she offers him
money to keep him by har side. Tren
with, a decent sort of fellow, refuses.
Then, of course, Iris loses her fortune,
through a defaulting trustee, and Mal
donado appears again on the scene.
Trenwith, equally of course, goes to the
terrible American ranch, with Iris'
promise to marry him on his return,
Maldonado doing the bless-you-my
children sort of thing over their fare
well.
The problem play met a prob
lem audience, and the audience had it.
The Plnero problem was lavishly con
ceded—and given up. The Pinero audi- f
ence, the usual thoughtful first-night
folk that gather at the Columbia, must
also be given up. Mere bewilderment,
perhaps, best expresses the collective
viewpoint, mingled with a rather irrev
erent regard for such of Mr. Pinero's
intentions as made themselves mani
fest to the attendants' intelligence.
People seemed to be asking themselves,
'•What is the problem?" "Is it this?"
"Or is it that?" "Or possibly it is th*
other?"
a REEK met Greek at the Colum
bia laet night when Arthur
Wing Pinero's latest play,
"Iris," made its local debut.
audience was large and appreciative;
the floral offerings to the popular lead
er were beautiful and numerous, and a
number of pretty gifts, including a sil
ver tea set and a water set from some
of the members of the company, served
to show that Steindorff holds a warm
corner in the hearts of many admirers.
Steindorff through it all bore his hon
ors with becoming meekness, and the
plaudits which were showered on him
did not detract one whit from his mas
terly direction of an augmented orches
tra and the various vocal numbers
culled from some of the successes of
the present season. All that was want
ing to make the affair entirely perfect
was a speech from Steindorff, but the
acknowledgments which he bowed were
sufficient evidence that he felt grateful
for it all.
Quite a pleasing surprise was the ap
pearance on the stage of an orchestra
of sixty-five pieces, which played the
overture from ."Der Frelschutz," under
Stelndorff's leadership, in fine style,
and followed with "The Dance of the
Hours," from "La Gloconda," one of
the cleverest musclal bits that it can
be any one's pleasure to hear.
Heavy Weather on the
Lower Columbia
Stops Logging.
Weis3 of Yolo County
Will Not 'Seek a
New Trial.
Authorities Show Little
Courtesy to the
British.
Bewilderment Is Main Effect of New Play at Columbia.
"Ben-Hur". Draws Packed Houses as the Season
Nears Its Close— The "Club's Baby" at the Alcazar
THIBETAWS MAY
GIVE TROUBLE
PBEFEHS JAIL
TO LAW'S DELAY
LUMBER MILLS
MAY BE CLOSED
AUDIENCE FINDS IT HARD
TO SOLVE "IRIS" PROBLEM
THE SA3ST FBANCISCO CALT,, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1903.
12
|| QALIFORKIA
I LIMITED TO OH1OAGO g
Hj L«av«a Mondays end Thersdays P
|H at OrSO a. m., through lo 8 days, r
>H with diner and all trappings. J*
Other Santa Fe Trains:
0-S ?* S' I for Stockton, Fresno, Baberafield*
8:00 p." m'.) Merced» Hanfordjind Visalia.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Caayoa and
Chicago.
Ticket Officb: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. S. V. Also 1113 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIfORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AHU HUrtTH PACIFIC
XAXXWAT COMPAinr.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot ot Market Street.
BAN PBANCXSCO TO SAN BAFAEIi.
WEEK DAYS—7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:33,
;):30. 5-10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trip
at 11 :.'{O p. m.
Saturday:—Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—8:00. 9:30. 11:00, a. m.; 1:30. 3:3l\
5:00 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN ' SAPAEL TO SAN PBANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS—6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20, 11:15
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS—S:0O. 9:4O. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. »
Leavi? | In Effect I Arrive
Ban Francisco.] Sept. 27. 190.1. .|San Francisco.
.We»k ! Sun- | Destina- J Sun- I "Week
Dsys. | days. I tion. | days. | Days.
7:S0 a sToo a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
• 3:::0p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5-10 p S.COp 7:35 p
7 CO a 9:10 aj 8:4O a
8:00 a Xovato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:08 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
"ji | 5:00 p Santa Rwa
7:30 al 10:40 a 10:20 a
J 8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p| 3:30 p| I I
("WlndiKjr.
8:00 a Healdsbura;. ' 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p| Geytervllle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
| | Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 a| 3:30 p| and Ulctah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 9:00 a| Wlllits. | 7.35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 aj 110:40 all0:2O a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| GueraevlUe. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7-30 al S:00 a] Sonoma. I 9:10 a| 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 pi • Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7':J0a| 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Bra* for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for "White Sulphur
i Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lvtton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
¦erville for Skaffirs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
KefaeyvillP. Carlsbad Spring*. Soda Bay. Lake.
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
jDell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
hotter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly's
«ucknell-». Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'i
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Steven* Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal; at "WtUlts for Fort Bragg,
Wc«tport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covello, Layton-
vllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garb«rvllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offtce. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pats. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave TU SianUto ttrtj Arrive
San Francisco Foot if itirfcM SC San Frandsce
Week Son- ma San- I Week
D»r». da>^ d2Ly% Pay*-
•11:33 i*K:0(»A f®4SSS3k 12jO5r 10:401
•l:45r 9:OOa lKf^ggg^^a 1:23? 3:5L>r
• 5:15p IO:OOa toS^w^W^ 9:&0r r,:ftOr
I 11:OOa >¥>J^^W *:!iOr »:5Op
_ 1:45 p 5:5 Op ........
..._... '3:15p ' T:«D> .. .., .
1 *Conatct TitJuUft far * Mywa tni TROn Cae
TICIK I 626 Market ST.,(Norta Shore Railroad)"
OiriCIS ) and Sausauto Fsuy. Foot Market St.
+'. _—.—_—: .j.
THANKSGIVING OF THE
PLUMBER AND
THE BTJRGLAIt!
BY OCTAVE THANET. "
Strangest Story. Ton Ever Heard
of in the
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(Mala Una. Toot of M»rfc«t Strap.)
,,.,, ~ Fbox Octobsb 21. 1MB. — iiun
* J.(HU BenlcU, SaUan, Kimlrm»nd 8»cr»-
mento ' Z? 9 "
7.00a V«e»TUle. Winter*. Ram»er.. 7-5or
7.30a M»rtlnex. 8»n lUmon. V«llejo.
Vtp*. CalUtoffft, 8uU Bot« 8 25f
7.30a XUe«, Llvermore, Tracy. Ltt&iop.
Stockton 7.25r
B.Ofl* Ditii.WoodUnd, Knijhts Lisdlag,
M»rysTllle. OrotUJe «H! P
8 00a Atlantic KxpreM — OcdeniadSMi. 10.25*
830a Fort Coata, Mmxtlnei, Antloco. Br-
ron.Tracy.Stockton.8aerasi8ato.
yewmaa. Loa Banoa. Mendota,
Anaona, Lemoore. Haaford.
VUalla, PorterrlUo ..* 4,75*
8.10a Fort Coita. Martlaei, Tracy, Latn-
rop. Jlodeato. Merced. Tntno.
Ooanen Junction, Lemoors, Ha a-
ford, Vlaalla. BakerineUt 4.53*
8.36* Sauta Ezpreta — DaTli. William*
<for BarUett Springs). Willow*,
tFrato, Ked Bluff. Portland 7-58»
8-30* Ufles, Saa Jose. Llrermore, Stock-
ton,Ione,8a«ramento,Plaeernile,
Marytrllle. Cnlco. Ked Bluff 423*
8.30a Oakdale. Chtneae, Jamestown. So-
aora. Tuolumne and Anf elt ..... « 2j r
9 00 a Martinet and Way 8t*tU>a«.. ....... SBjf
10.00a Vallajo- ... A ... u ....^~ 12.2S*
10.00a " -
Ton conm, Manxnes. Bjios.
Tra«y. Latbrop. Stockton,
Mtroed. Raymond. Frerao, Baa-
ford. TUtUa, Bakertflald. Loa
Angelet ; <WeaV
bound amre« Tia coatt Line)... «1-33p
1000a Iha OTerland Limited — Ugden.
Denrer. Omana. Chicago. B2Sp
12.00* Hayward. N!1e» and Way Station*. S-25p
ti .OOF Sacramento RtTcr Steamtra. 1 1 1 .OOP
330P Benlcla, Winter*. Sacramento,
Woodland. Knight* Landing.
MarysrUle. OrotUlo and waj
station* lo-oJA
33O» Hayward. Nile* and Way Station*.. 755f
3.30r port Coats, Martlner. Byron.
Tracy. Latnrop, Modesto.
Merced. Fresno and Way Star ___
tlons beyond Port Costa 12-25*
3 30p Martinez. Tracy. Slocltton. Lodl... 10-25a
4C0p Martlnea,8anK»mon.ValIeJo^apa,
Callstova. Santa Uosa 9 25*
4 00p Nile*. Tracy. Stockton. LoUl 425p
4 30p Hayward. Ntlea. lrrlngton. San I t8.B5»
Jos*. LlTermor* f til. 55a
E OOr Tbe Owl Limited— Newman. Los
llanos. Mrndota, Fresno. Tatar*.
BakersDeltl. Los Angsles 8 55a
E OOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12 2Sr
tS JOr Hayward, Nlles and San Jos« 725a
COOr Hty ward. Siles and San Joae. 102&A
CC0i» Oriental Mall— Opieu. Dearer,
Omaha, St. Louis. Cblrago ami
East. Port Costa, Brnlcia, Si;!-
s:ia. Elmlra, Davis. Sacrameoto.
Iiocklln. Auburn, Col fax.
Trackee.' Boca, Keno. Wads-
worth. Winnemucca. Baula
Mountain. El ko 4 23*
6 OOp Vatlejo. daily, except Sunday.... I 7 ...
7-OOf Valirjo. Sunday only f ' oa
7.{j0r San Pablo. Port Costs. Martlaes
aud Way Station* II.ZSa
£ CCp Oregon <fc California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysville. Redding.
Fortune!. Pnget Sonnd and E»»t. S-SSa
91 Op Baywarrl. Ktlea and San Josr (aua-
dayonly) , . 11.55a
COAST LINE (tarrow «»q«,.
(Ifoot of Murltft Street.) <
115* Newark, Centervllle. San Jos*.
Frlton. Houlaer Creek, Santa
Crnx and Way Stations. 6SSp
I 15f Newirk. CenterTlile, San Jose%
New Almaden. L»a Gato«.Fs:ton,
Boulder Cr^ek, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 10-55a
« 15r Newark. San Jose, Lo* Gato* and
way station* t3-53 a
y -3 30r Hnnters Train, Saturday only, San
Jose and. Way Station*. Sanday
only returns from Lo» G»tos J7 25»
OAKLAND HARBOR* FERRY.
rrom SAN KUAN CISCO. Fool of Market St. (Sl!p«>
— Ti:13 9:(W 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 6-ISp.b.
rrom OAKLAND, >'oot of Broadway — «:U0 »:«
?»:U5 10:OUa.m. 1200 200 4.00 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad Waac»).
>y" (third and Townsend Streets.)
610a San Jose and Way Stations 8 30?
700a San Josa and Way Stations S 38*
8.00a New Almaden (Tues., Frld.. only). t.iQr
8 00 a Coast Line Limited — Stops only Saa
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hoi-
lister). Pajaro. CastroTnie, Sa-
linas. Saa Ardo. Paso Roblea.
SanUMargarl ta, San Luis Oblspnw
Principal stations thence Sarf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bap>
oars and Loa An gel e*. Connec-
tion at CastroTllle to and from
Monterey and Pacific Gro»e 10-49r
8.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos. Capltola,
Santa Cruz.PaclacOroTe.Saltnaa.
Saa Luis Oblspo and Prladpai
Way Station* 4-10*
1030a Ban Jose and Way Station*. 1.23?
1130a 6anta Clara, San Jose, Lo* Gatoa
and Way Statlona 7.3a?
1 30p Stn Jose and Waj Station* 8-38a
*.00r Pacific OroTe Express— SantaClara
Ban Jos«, Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connecta at Santa
Clara for Santa Crtiz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Oauge Points)
at Gllroy for Holllster. Tres
Pino*, at CwtroTllle forSallna*. 12.19*
HJOp Gllroy Way Passenger 110.45a
t4 4 5r San Jose. (tU S«nra C4ara) Loa
Gatoa. and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sandayi *9 23a
<5.J0p SanJoseandPrinctpalWarSUttona 13-00*
6. 00p Sunset Limited, Eastbound.— San
Luis Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Los
A nee lei, beming. El Paso, 5«w
Orleans. New York. (Westbound
srrlves »la San Joaijotn Valley)... n9 25a
tt.iSp Saa Mateo, Berestord.Belmont.San
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t«4SA
E.?0p San^Jose and Way Station* 8.38a
11.30p South San Francisco, Mlllbrae. Bur-
lingarae. San Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
'Menlo Park, and Palo Alto t 4Sp
¦11-SOp Maylleld, Mountain View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jose !3-43p
A for HorniD£. P fur Afternoon.
t Sunday only.
I Stops at all stations on Sunday.
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
«Vla Coast Line. trYla San Joaquln Valley.
tr Only train* stopping at Valencia St,soutchound
•«i:10A.l«-tT:OQA.li..H:30A.ll..3:BOP.M.and«:Si)P.«.
l^^^^p ROSS VALLEY,
iil5ilP§||S« MILL VALLEY,
vSniSl'^Sq CA-iADERU. tit.
Suburban Servlce"'sui."«iard Gauge Electrtc--
Depart from San Francisco Dah>— .t^. 8-tU.
4 i 5 ROM 5 S A N 15 KA 7 FAEL TO SAN FRANCUCO
TO SAN-FRAN-
f 1 I^^^ Uy i^^:^ M^l 5 : 5 4 2 :06 8^. SiS
7:65. 0:00. '^^0^ TBAINS.
8:C0 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
* 5-KW>- m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tornales and way stations
3:15 P. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
¦tations.
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations. •
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
weeklyTali
Pages. SI per Year
"RAILWAY TRAVEL.
—^^ WAS HEVER MORE IN EVIDENCE THAN TO-DAY |
"AT WORK" I
Free Sunday, Nov. 22, 1903
The publisher of The Call, in anticipating the tendency of the times , |
in giving more time to recreation, hunting and fishing, has acquired for |
their exclusive use a series of art pictures which will serve as reminders |
during the busy months of those delightful days passed in the field. 1
"At "Work," the title of the next Sunday Call's offering, is a reproduc- I
tion from an oil painting by J. M. Tracy, an artist whose paintings of I
dogs have never been surpassed. 1
Mr. Tracy had for the subject of this study the celebrated Llewellyn §1
setter, "RODEEIGO," who became famous in this country by his clean ||
sweep of bench and field events. . ||
This picture, while it appeals strongly to those who know every point i
in a dog, is perhaps just as interesting to the many who love the faithful |
In handling, color and action, "At Work" is a most life-like study; a I
picture that, when framed, could with difficulty be distinguished from 1
the original oil painting. I
To overlook this is to miss one of the best of the Sportsmen's Series. 1
DON'T DO IL ORDER THE CALL TO-DAY. |
I Are You Afraid !
I Of High Altitudes?
I Yes? \
I Then take the route of low altitudes — the \
I El Paso- Rock Island Line. j
1 The highest" point en route is several hun- 1
El O i :
I dred feet lower than the highest point on any p
i other transcontinental line. |
I Thro' trains San Francisco to Kansas City U
I and Chicago; sleepers, tourist car, ehair car, diner. 9
I ,1-n-iSja^- FnD information at Southern Pacific ticket offices, f3
Ej flirf*n2r§c'rf^f or b y writing *j
I JiwMifrfjlJsiL F ' W * TH0MPS0N *> General w " tt " Agent, |
1 jffijyicAAWllBJgll 613 Market Street, S*a Francisco. nNorthern Business.
UNITED RAILROADS OF BAN FRANCISO.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16.— Bond transactions
of Lnlted Railroads of San Francisco: 10.000
at 70«i; 10.000 at 76%-
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. NOV. 16.
Flour, qr sacks.. 20.108 Wool, bales • 163
Wheat centals..' 1,425 Broom corn, bdls 100
Barley, centals.. 7,975 Malt, centals ... 501
Oats, centals .... 430 Tallow, centals.. 215
Corn; centals .... 12 Pelts, number . . C80
Beans sacks ... 1.748 Hides, number .. 3,550
Potatoes, sacks ..6,900 Leather, rolls ... 100
Onions, sacks ... 725 Wine, gallons.... 41,500
•Bran, sacks .... 380 Sugar, centals .. 6,100
Middlings, sacks. 300 Raisins, boxes ..4,600
Hay, tons 643 Paper, reams ... 1,270
Straw, tons S Brandy, gallons.. 2,600
Hops, bales ..117
OREGON.
Flour, qr sacks.. 8.313 Potatoes, sacks.. 1,547
Barley, centals.. 1.005 Bran, sacks ..... 3,990
OatB, centals ... 3,200 Shorts, sacks ... 1,873
. WASHINGTON.
Wheat, centals ..4,0001 Oats, cental* ... 1,033
Barley, centals.. '.9,830j ;.- v;.'.
STOCK MARKET.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 16.— Wheat a shads
lower. Blue steam, 79c; club, 76c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Ore.. Nov. 16.— Walla Walla
wheat, 71c; blue stem, 75c; valley. 75®70c.
Northern Wheat Market.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 16.— Wool, steady; me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 15@17c
light. 15@17%c; heavy fine. 12%@15%c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
200 Andes 16 200 G £ Curry... 21
000 Belcher 17 200 Mexican .... 70
200 Belcher IS 200 Occidental ... 23
200 Caledonia ... 87 100 Ophlr 1 421^
200 Chollar 10 300 Potosl '.. 10
200 Con Cal & Va. 87 1200 Potosi u
800 Con Cal & Va. OS 500 Savage 13
300 Con Cal & Va. 99 600 Union Con.... 40
200 Con Cal & Va.l 00 300 Union Con ... 3a
200 C Cal & Va.1 02%' 600 Yellow Jacket 34
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia .... 86 700 Overman ..;. 16
200 Caledonia 00 300 Savage 13
500 Challenge Con 10 200 Savage 14
300 C Cal & Va.l 02% 300 Savage 13
10O Crown Pt.... 13 400 Sierra Nev... 30
100 Crown Pt.... 12 600 Silver Hill .. 64
200 G & Curry... 22 300 Union Con ... 41
600 Mexican X3l 200 Yellow Jacket 33
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Tonopah
and San Francisco Mining Exchange yesterday:
'. Morning Session. «
300 Mont Tonop.l 02%( 150 Wild Goose... 2 23
400 Rescue 05)
Afternoon Session.
200 Draper ...... 151 600 Paymaster .. 12
100 Hannnpnh ... 10] 800 Ton & Cal.... 22
200 Mont.Tonop..l 05I3C0 Tonop N S... 21
100 Moat Toao.l 02J4!
Prices for ranch Eggs were all at sea yester
dav The situation remained aa before, viz:
Most dealers were averse to making any fur
iher advance, fearing another sharp slump
inter on In consequence, while others were dis
posed to let the future take care of Itself and
charge all the traffic would bear. The former
stuck to 46c as the top. while the latter asked
60c But the great majority of ranch Eggs
sold at the former price. . The clear, cold
weather rendered the market firm, and stocks
were meager all over the street.
The demand for Butter continued good, and
while uome dealers reported a weak feeling
{he majority quoted a steady tone, with the
market absorbing receipts very well.
Cheese remained plentiful and unchanged.
Receipts were 32,300 lbs Butter, 675 cases
Eggs and 10,000 lb* Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 31<B32He for extras and
"Bfi'Mh; for seconds: dairy. 21(ff25c: store But
terT"i7%©19 c : cold Btora *'. 24@2Gc; Eastern.
230253 per lb.
CHEESE— 12® 12%c for vhe general market.
13013%c for select mild new and 11@11% C for
lower grades; Young Americas 13% @Hc; East
ern 16W«n6%c; Western. 14@15c per lb.
™ GGS^Ranch. 45®47Hc for choice and S5
C40o for small and mixed colors; atore, nomi
nal- cold storage, 27tt@32f6e; Eastern. 24®27c
for cold storage. •.-... - \
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SHEEP— Receipts, 60,000. Sheep and Lambs
lower. Good to choice wethers, $3 60@4 25;
fair to choice mixed, $3@3 50; Western sheep,
$2 25©4: native 'lambs, $3 75®5 75; Western
lambs, $3 76@5 25.
CHICAGO. Nov. 10.— CATTLE — Receipts.
40,000, Including 8000 Western. Steady. Good
to prime steers, $4 05(55 HO; poor to medium,
$3 25ft J 70; storkers and feeders, $2@4; cows,
$1 r.(»fi4 10; heifers. $204 75; canners. $1 50®
2 40; bulls, S2 50@4 50: calve*, $2 C0@7 25;
Texas fed ¦teers. (2 7&S3 65; Western eteers,
$304 W.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 32,000; to-morrow.
25,000. Steady. Mixed and butchers'. $4 60®
4 P5: good to choice heavy. $4 30@4 85; rough
heavy. $4 3034 05; light, $4 50<8>4 75; bulk of
Falff. $4 6004 80.
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
Mining Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. '
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1C0 Caledonia 1 Ou 100 Mexican .... 73
200 Caledonia ... 09 400 Ophlr 140
100 Chollar 10 200 Ophlr 145
300 Con Cal & Va. 07 ¦ 100 Sierra Nev. . . 30
100 G & Curry... 22 300 Sliver Hill... B.1
600 G & Curry... 21 200 Union Con.... 40
100 Mexican 72
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 17 100 Hale & Nor.. 4»
400 Belcher 10 300 Mexican 73
200 Caledonia ... 85 300 Occidental . . 24
100 Challenge Con 19 200 Overman .... 16
150 Con Cal & Va.l 05 100 Savage 16
500 Con Imperial. 03 100 Sliver Hill .. j33
200 G & Curry..; 22 200 Union Con ... 42
NEW YORK, Nov. 1«. — The cotton market
closed easy at a net decline of 24 to 32 points.
Nnv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK FTOCK LIST.
Ptocks — Fa!e«. High. Low. Cle*#.
••¦vhteon .'• 21. UK) «4 C2U, 63%
r*r'h!so» pfd 3.000 B9 RS% 89
p a;t!morc & Ohio.. lG,4fxl 7ZK 72H 73>/4
PaH & Ohio pfd... 200 nil g7ii S6%
Pacific... 1.500 H7V 117 117%
~»ntral of Jf J .... 154
""^esapeafce A Ohio. 300 jj»it 2SU 28
vhieajro & Alton... 4.WW) 311,; 30U 31%
* Alton pfd.. 32,500 70$ CS 69
-fci Great West... 100 14% u# J4J,
In call money rates to-day wa* probably con
rerted with the p.rrancements for paying the
dividend on the T'nited Ptates Steel stocks.
The bond market was dull and rather irregu
lar. Total sal's. *l.fcl2,000.
United States eld 4s declined X A P*r cent on
the last call.
NEW YORK, Nov. I«. — Prices traversed a
cona!£erable range In the stock market to-day,
bet the net changes from last week's closing
.are small snd insignlncant outside of a few
cttti. The ear'y tendency waa downward, fol
lowed try a recovery, which was not fully held,
but the closing was steady. The professional
traders argued that the poor response on Sat
urday to the very favorable bank statement In
dicated weak conditions snd they sold the
. t-.riset with so:.-;- confidence at the opening.
The ' eelllug centered uron Pennsylvania, in
which another day's enormous business wa»
dofle. About a honored thousand ehan* of
this 'etock were traded In during the first hour,
carrying It down to 111 or >; of a point above
Ia*t week's low le\-el. United States Steel pre
ferred was also under pressure and failed to
share to any extent In the recovery. The mar
ket moved In sympathy with Pennsylvania.
There was an organized bull movement in the
local tracUon stocks, accompanied by vague
rumors of a comprehensive merger Consoli
dated Ga* moved downward away from the
1 -¦ ..;. on account of published aaw^Klena that
tta franchise* . were defective. The upward
m<*-»-rr.ent in Chi<~-ago and Alton continued and
'here v.er* unexplained advances in the Toledo,
Et .Lou:» and Western wcuritles. Bngar en
foyed tn« benefit ot the improved prospect for
the Cjin.i treaty. The upward movement had
for* a t-u!,stan*lal bapi« the prosi>ect of in:
proved eoo6JtfoM In the money market, which
led to some sanguine estimates of the coming
«buni»r~» of funds. The showing of last
week's rurr<nry movement waa accepted as evi
dence thut the interior requirement* have been
prartlca'.:.v Katisfled. The fact that the urgent
ti<««ds whirl, have been met on account of th«
disturbance^ »t Ft. Louis and Baltimore and on
eccount of the high price of cotton have failed
to cause n-y rrrious disturbance here is in It
eelf an assuring rlrcumstanc. With the re-
Tux of fund* to New York definitely In eight
»h» relief to tentlment is great. The foreign
trade tltuation for Octotwr show* even safer
rround for Opctmlsa over the money market-
To-day's erenj.-*mc-nts of gold for Import
reached f2.W).0<iO end it Is believed that the
movement has r.ot exhausted itself. The rise
New York Stock Market.
Prices of all descriptions of Poultry were
unchanged and the market was slenderly sup
plied and firm. There was no Western stock
received and the receipts of domestic were
very light, as usual on Monday. A car of
Western Is due to-day. A
Game continued to arrive fi"eely, but us the
demand continued brisk, the market cleaned
up well. Wild Ducks had the most call and
all descriptions were quoted higher.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeye, 20@24c per
lb- live Turkeys, 17@19c per lb for young and
14®lCc for old; Geese, per pair, $1 7602; Gos
lings $2(S2 23: Ducks. $405 per dozen for
old and $5(5:0 for young; Hens. $4 60®5 60 for
small and $0@7 for large; young Roosters $3 60
«r«50- old Roosters. $4 50®5; Fryers. $503 60;
Broilers $3 50(^4 50 for large and $3@3 50 for
Bmall: Pigeons $101 25 per dozen for old and
t2fi2 25 for Kquabs. ¦ . '
T R «ME Mallard Ducks. $3«?4 60 per dozen;
Canvalbaek. $407; Sprig $2 50®4; Teal $ ICO
Gt\ 7V Widgeon $1 50@l «5; small Ducks,
Si "5(81 GO; Gray Geese. $3@r: 50: ' White
Cec'se $l<gl M>; Brant, $1 25 for small and $2
for large- English Snipe. $3; common Snipe,
11 7 V Wild Doves, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 75 for
Cottontails and $1 25 for Brush; if are. $1 25.
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16. — The visible supply
of grain on Saturday. November 14, as com
piled by the New York Produce Exchange, la
as follows: Wheat, 2!»,43«,000 bushels, an In
crease of 2,711,000 bushels; corn, 7^30.0)0 bush
els, a decrease of 490,000 bushels; oats. 9.
642.000 buehele, an Increase of 547,000 b»:3h
el«; rye, 1,356.000 bushels, an increase of £('.,
000 bushels; barley, 5.231,000 bushels, an in
crease of 202,000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
j EASTERN MARKETS.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
lr.'/ic; Pearl Oil In cases. 22c; Astral 22c;
Star 22c; Extra Star. 26c; Elaine, 2Sc; Eocene.
25c-' deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk. 17c;
In cases 23V6c; Benzine. In bulk, 13c; in cases
lBftc; NO-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 21c; in
cases. 27 He
TURPENTINE — 80c per gallon in cases and
74c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%©
7c per lb; White Lead, 6%©7c, according to
quantity. •¦«-¦
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed, B.85c;
Powdered 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated fine, 5.00c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
6.60c* Fruit Granulated. 6.60c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.40c; Confectioners*
A 5 60c- Magnolia A. B.20c; Extra C. 3.10c;
Golden C 5c; "D," 4.90c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels 25c more; boxes, 6O0 more; 50-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels 0.10c; boxes, 6.36c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos 8.50c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or iu equivalent.
BAGS — Grain Bags. r>@5'4e: San Quentln,
5 55c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine 714
08c- Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%c, 694c and 7}4<j for
the 'three grades; Brown Jute, CV4@74c
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington $8: Seattle. $0 50; Bryant, $0 60; Bea
ver HIH. $5 60; Stanford. $7: Roslyn. $7; Coo*
Bay $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond. $7 60; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 BO; Cannel, $8 60 per ton; Coke. $11 60©
13 per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 ,80 per long ton. ¦ according to brand.
OIL — Linseed.' 40o for M boiled and
47c for raw In barrels; cases, 5c more:
Castor OH. In cases. No. 1, 70c: Bakers'
AA $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 44c for boiled and 42o
for' raw In. barrels; Lard Oil. extra winter
strained, barrels. 85c; cases. 90c; China Nut.
56<8>70c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot. In barrels,
75c; cases. 80c; Sperm, pure, 75c; Whale OH,
natural white. 60@55e per gallon: Fish Oil,
In barrels, 60c; cases, 65c; Cocoanut Oil, In
barrels 58c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian.
General Merchandise.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1C— Spot tin advanced
15c, closing at £11*J 2a 5d In London, while
futures were £1 higher at £117 10b. Locally
tin was steady at $25<j?25 50. <
Copper was a little higher in London, epct
advancing 2s Cd to £55 15s, and futures 53
to £55 10s. Locally copper was quiet and
more or less nominal. Lake, $13; electrolytic,
$13. and casting, $13.
Lead was unchanged at £11 la 3d In Lon
don, but was lower here, closing at $4 10.
Spelter also declined In the lecul n:arket,
closing at $5 G2H, while London was 7s Ud
hlrher at £20 15s.
Iron closed at 48s 9d In Glasgow and at 43s
in Mlddlesboro. Locally lrdn was unchanged.
No. 1 foundry Northern $15^1A; No. 2 foun
dry Northern. $14 25(gl5; No. 1 foundry
Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern toft,
$13 75@14 25.
Nezv York Metal Market.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March. May.
Opening « 4% tt 3\ 6 3
Closing 6 4«» 6 3% 63
PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 20 JtO 20 !»5
Closing liOOS 20 05
Flour —
Opening 29 55 28 4 f)
Closing 2!) 33 28 35
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco. less 50
per cent 'shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8@9c; Cows and Heifers.
7fi.Sc- thin Cows. 403c per pound.
CALVES— 4@4#c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@4c; Ewes, 3Uff>.{Vj 0
per pound (groos weight).
LAMBS — *H@5c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 180 lbs. 5%c: over
180 lb" 5c; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per
cent off. and Stags 40 per cent off from above
quotations. ¦
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rate* from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6®7o for Steers and 5@6c per lb for
VE>L— Large. 7®8%c; small. 8@9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%(SS%c; Ewes. 8®8%c
per lb. . . * . . .
LAMB— 9%®10c per lb
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7$@flc per lb.
Meat Market.
The packers have revised their bids as far
as weights are concerned, bu.t are paying the
same quotations as before. 1 They report re
ceipts plentiful and the tone of; the market
eajn
WHEAT— Foreign cables were easier, but
quotations showed no pronounced change. The
world's shipments for the week were as fol
lows. In quarters: Russian. 762.000: Danublan,
130 000; Argentina, 5000; Indian. 167,000. The
American visible supply Increased 2,771,000
bushels. . . •
Chicago was quiet and % 0 lower. Brokers
reported very little demand. Farmers' delive
ries were reported falling oft. The Southwest
were heavy sellers of May. St. Louis sold
10,000.000 bushels of December at 10c over
Chicago.
This market showed no variation, either In
futures or th© cash grain.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40®l 45; California White
Australian, $1 30<Sl 55; Northern Club. $1 400
1 424: Northern Bluestem. $1 50@l 65; Oregon
Valley. $1 40@l 45 per ctL
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Cloea
May $1 30% lf;»5J4 *i m% $1 ao%
December— $1 36% bid. $1 37 asked.
2 p m. Session.
May— $1 S5%.
December— $1 S0?4.
BARLEY — The week opened firmer with
higher futures, owing to the clear, cold weath
er and cash buyers were again In the mar
ket. Holders asked full figures, but the volume
of trade was not largo.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 12^s&l 15; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 204fl 25; Chevalier, $1 20®l 45 for fatr .to
ChOlC# - FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ..$1 12% fl »2% $1 12tf $1 12%.
May 1 <«% 1 0W% 1 ODfc, 1 09H
2 p. m. Session.
No sales.
OATS — Previous quotations rule for all de
scriptions with a quiet and steady market.
White, '$1 2IX&1 !««; Black. 41 40(01 02£ :
Red. *1 20S1 25 for feed and $1 25<31 35 for
seed: Gray. $1 22%»1 2"^ Per ctl.
CORN — There is no further change to report.
The market continues dull.
Western sackej. $1 30@l 35 for Yellow,
$1 30@l 32>/i for White and $1 25©1 30 for
mixed; California large Yellow, $1 3U@1 40;
small round do, ?1 40#l eO; White, $1 25®1 30
per rental.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKAVHEAT— $2 2502 CO per ctl.
_— — —
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 65, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 S0@4 U0;
Oregon and AVashlngton. $.1 900*4 20 per bbl for
Family and U !»0<24 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as fol
lows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour $.'$ 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal, $3 1!5; extra cream do. *4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4@:4 25; Buckwheat
Flour $4 50©4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa-
rlna. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 BO; Rolled
Oats. bble. $7 25@8 00; in sacks, $6 75@8 lb;
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Pens. $3 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstnffs.
Hay opened the week steady after the rain,
with u very fair demand. There was no fur
ther change in Feedstuff*.
BRAN— $20(821 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J2ti©2S. per ton.
BHORTt?— $20igl!l per ton.
FEEDSTUKFS— Rolled Barley.. $24 60#25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26r42fl SO; Job
bing. $27©27 50; Cocoanut Cake. $21©22; Corn
Meal, $30(331; Cracked Corn, $30 5O®31 50;
Mixed Feed, $22 Mii-'-i 50; Horse Beans, $30@
40 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $1401*5 50; Wheat and Oat,
$13 60®lC 50; Oat. $12 r.0#14 50; Wild Oat,
; $11 5(K«1.5 50: Barley. $11(^13; Stock, $10611;
Alfalra, $10@12 50 per ton.
STRAW — 40©t35c per bale.
Beans and Seeds. ,
Dullness and easiness continue to rule the
Bean market and prices remain as before. Re
ceipts are ample for all current needs
BEANS— Bayos, *2 15©2 40: Pea, $.i@3 25:
Buturs, $3; small White. S2 9003 10; large
White, $2 2002 40; Pink. $2 15®2 35; Red. $2 90
ii:i: Lima, $2 76&2 US; Red Kidneys. $4 25;
Blackeye, $2 15©2 86 per » ctl; Horse Beans.
$1 00@2. ' .. .1 .
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow Mus
tard.. $2 75©2 80: Flax, $1 70@l 80; Canary.
6@5Hc for Eastern; Alfalfa, ll@14c; Rape,
194©aWc; Timothy. ClgllHc; Hemp. 3V<©3Wc
per lb; Millet, 3ifu>ic; Broom Corn Seed, $20®
'"DRIED 'PEAS— Green. »1 S0@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market showed little change from
the previous report and the feeling on good
stock was. steady. The Oregon steamer
brought down 1429 sacks, chiefly Burbanks,
but as the ftteamer did not unload until a
late hour, no business was done on the wharf.
The market was overstocked with Sweet Po
tatoes and prices were easier. Three cars of
fresh stock came In from Merced. Fancy
Onions were firm at a sharp advance, while
common offerings were abundant and dull.
Trade In Vegetables was fair and several
kinds were quoted higher. Peas and Beans
from Los Angeles were firmer, while Lima
Beans were abundant and easier. Receipts
of Tomatoes were light and consisted chiefly
of unripe stock, which moved slowly. Occa
sional sales of fine ripe offerings were re
ported ot $1 per box, but such sales were not
sufficiently numerous to Justify such a quo
tation. Summer Squash was In light supply
and both large and small boxes were firmer.
Green Pepper* and Egg Plant from Stockton
were-ir. free supply and dragged at easy rates
Garlic was scarce and firmer.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 65i3'
75c per ctl: Sallnaa Burbanks. $101 35 per ctl;
Oregon Burbanks, 75c® $1 15 per ctl; River
Reds, 50@C5c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1 15
per ctl
ONIONS — 8. r >c@$l 25 per ctl for fancy and
50075c for lower grades.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 3i?5c per lb:
String Beans, 3!fi:4c per lb; Wax. 4ff5c: Lima
Beans, 3V4@4c per lb; Tomatoes. 50<375c per
box; Summer Squash. 85c?? $ I 2."> per box for
bay and 75c for Los Angeles; Cabbage, 00c
I^er ctl; Carrots. 75c per sack; Cucumbers,
75p<3$1 per box; Garlic.' oQQc per lb; Green
Peppers. 25<g'40c per box for Chile and 35@50e
for Bell: Egg Plant, 40@50c per box: Marrow
fat Squash, $10015 per ton; Hubbard. $15®20.
Shipments of Salmon.
The shlpesenti of Salmon from San' Francisco
by fa. during the month of October were as
follow?:
~o — Cases. Pkgs. Value*.
•Enffland 223.1G7 ... $1.12».5O3
.Australia J.J.bSt 7S5 61.594
New Zealand C ]i»4 ... 2«.H-'«
CJj'.l* 4,r.r.5 ... 10.559
t-amoan Islands (ma 40 2,*H5O
Cclomfcla 41* ... 1,078
Tabiti 3ft SS 2.494
' Mexico ... l,O4«
J vT^ader K?9 ... 42!»
leru K'i ... 4:{5
tearbadoes Islands ... 2"O ... 072
FIJI Islands ISM 2 5TU
Jamaica 113 ... 376
Cjik-.a MS 10 1.111
Kast Indies !>* ... 2,yb5
Ontml America .... 20 ... t>9
Jijan a 6 -US
•Manila 6 ... 26
.Eirfen here 3 7
•Totals, foreign ....251.853 8S4 $1,241,679
Domestic—
New Yfik I3.R20 2.3S.1 7S.5M !
'Hawaiian Inlands... 4,037 54:» 22.740
.•Minnesota 140 2.000
(Srand totals 2«>.7l9 3.0DG $1.345.1S3 j
The quantities specified above as packages |
represent pickle.l ¦.::.:¦, in barrels, half tar- 1
r*ls. tierces unJ kits. The pickled salmon tor
. New York was in barrels and the shipment to |
' Minnesota was in tierces. The shipments to
Kr.?la.!>d last month were el most double those
t<i October. 10U2. wh*n 125.:»4 cases, valued at
KTl.'tW. were shli>t><d to that country. The
total Fhipments In October. lt«O2. were 157.9<W
< *-• » end 2<<S0 psrkireF, valued at JC10.37O.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridiar— Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. IS— 3 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls ti
date as compared with liiose of Fame date last
•.eason sr.d rainfall in last twenty-tow hours:
La«t This La.»t
Staticr.s — 24 Hours. Season. p|^ason.
Eureka o.OO 11.40
n>4 l'.luflf «.<?<• 2.»J U.K>
Sacramento O.OO 1 A> 3.45
Va:, Francisco .. O.OO l.f.7 3. .18
Fr-siio O.«X> o.is 2.4-t
InaeTH-ndcrv-e ... O.OO T. O.S9
San UutR Obispo. O.OO <i.CS 3.2<l
Ixis Ansre>s <».<»i> 0.43 2.JiS
Ban Dieco 0-W *)M'» 1.37
THE cqa^t RECORD.
~ ¦£ Z C ' D T
Stations. I If f § |ft gl
: % I '¦ i ?
t '• n '.
BaJcer 30. «4 24 2ft SW Pt Cldy .01
Carson 10.58 42 24 N Clear .OO
Kurtka :«>.»j 52 N Pt Cldy .0u
Farallon :u>.-M XA 4S N Clear .00
Fresno 30.22 5* 34 SW Clear .00
Flagstaff TAMJ2 52 18, NW Clear .00
Independence. .30.1:: C2 3*i FE Clear ,(w
Ixjs Angeles. .30.02 74 38 \V Clear .00
Mt. Tama!t'aisC<0.22 4<i SK XE clear .fO
North Head.... •'.(». 41 • 42 3«S E Pt Cldy .3J
J'hoenlx 1SJ.JW 74 44 W Clear .00
Pocateilo 30JM 2« I'6 SW Pt Cldy .02
Portland 30.44 44 30 NW Cloudy .14
Point Reyes ..30.16 f.4 44 XW Clear AH)
Red Bluff S0.S4 H Sk N Clear .00
Jioseburg 30.34 M 32 E Clear .00
Hacramento ..30.22 M 40 NW Pt Cldy .00
Salt Lake ...30.34 34 30 N Snow .02
H»n Francisco. 30. 24 &s 4<i NE Clear .ti«l
S I*. Obisi>o..3''».12 «4 48 N Clrar .00
San Diego ...30. Oo CA 4<i NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.50 SS 32 NE Pt Cldy .00
Spokane "JO. 54 2N 20 N Cloudy .00
Tatooeh 30.42 42 34 E Clear .18
Walla Walla..30.4S 42 32 W Enow .14
Wlnnemucca ..30. 52 40 £« NE CJear .00
Ymsa 23.08 76 44 N Clear .00 j
WEATHER CONDITION? AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over
Washington acd the Hocky Mountain region.
mith occasional light fsowj; elsewhere on the
Pacific Slope the weather Is fair.
The pressure l.a.« fallen slightly along the
Immediate coast and risen rapidly over the In
terior. An area of abnormally high pressure
is central over Montana.
The temperature Is below the normal In all
filrtrlcts and the changes have been slight.
Forecast made at Fan Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. November 17:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday; fresh
northerly wind.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; cooler In
eaat portion; light northerly wind.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday; continued cold.
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
fresh northerly wind.
O. IL WILLSON, Local Forecaster.
Ala A W 5s. — - 1 Do5s 103 100
Bay CPC 5s. — 103% I Do ton 5s. — 104
Cal C G 6a.. 105 — ;O W C g 5s. — «7
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 69. — 77
m & ct is. — 102T4 Om *- R Cs.120
Cal-st 63 ... — — Pac G Im 49 — 97
C C Wat 5s. — ' — P E Rv S».100K\ViU.
P L & P (is.120 — P & C H 6s. — — *
F & C II Cs. — 117 P & O R «ia.ll6l$120
Oary-st 5s.. 45 DO Powell-st Cs.ltSU —
II C&S 5V.S.101 — J? E G&U Cs. — llOti
H C & SS 5a — 100 SF & BJV 5s — 117
Hon R T 6s.lO4mo»> S R of C 69.112li —
U A E'ec Bs.lOlHlOn^ S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. — 113 (lOfKi) 107U —
LALCofis. — — (1010) 108H —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6a '
Do gtd 53.102V.103 OOOTOSr A.102H —
LAP lem fis.lOOVjl02 <10O5)Sr B.103*i —
Mkt-st C 6s. US — (190»I) ....1041^ —
Da Irm 5s.ll:: \Vi% (1912) 114 —
1 NRH of CGa.lO.'HlW* SPC leg 6s. —
Do 5a 114 114>i Do stmpd.l0a»il0t}»4
N P C R 5s. — 10T» S P B K Cs. — —
NCR 5s... 100 — S V W Cs.lOSTi —
N C P C 5s. — — i Do 4s 2dm . — 99
N S R H Cs. — 97'4 Do 4s 3dm. — 99
O G L H 5s.lO7 — 'Ftkn G&E «5s — 102'i
0 T Co Cs.. — 118 V G & E 5s. — 103
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 45 IPort rv*«ta.. — —
Marln Co ... fit — |Sp V W Co. 88 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. a?i 4%S F G & E. 68% C9
Mutunl EL.— 11 IS F Gaa L.. 3 —
Pnc O Im... 55 55& ! Stkn G & K. 5 —
Pac L Co.. 55?; — i: a & e.. — —
Sac E GAR. — — I
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. CS& —
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fnd.820 — /i
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 L, P & A... — 170 ¦
Anglo-Cal ..80 &3 Mer Trust.. .230
Bank of Cal.440 460 Merch Ex... —
Cal Safe Dp. — 155 S F Nationl. — —
First Natnl. — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Oer 8 & L. — — Sav & L So. 93 100
Hum S & I* — — Sec Sav Bk.40O 600
Mutual Sav. OS — Union T Co. —
S F Sav U.60O —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 203 iPresldlo .... S0% —
Geary — So J .
POWDER.
Giant C4«4 60 /Vlgorlt .... 3% 4^
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 60c 75c Kilauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C A.iV t 4m Makaweli C. 23%
Honokaa S C 18% 13^ Onomea S C. — 33
Hutch SPC 10% 10?i Paauhau S Cjl5?J 15J4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 146 148 Oceanic S C. — 6
t'al Fruit As. — 94 Pac A F A. 3U 5
Cal Wine As. 89 91 Pac C Borx.187 —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Giant Powder Con (cash) 64 75
7 Pacific Coast Borax *. .167 0"
60 S F Gas & Electric Co ft» 00
20 Spring Valley Water Co as 00 >
35 Spring Valley Water Co (cash)..... 33 00 I
Street —
60 Anglo-Cal Bank (cash) 81 00 '
Afternoon Session."
Board —
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 44 00
; 200 S F Gas & Electric Co (b 10).. «> 00
25 Spring Valley Water Co 3s 00
: California Stock and Oil Exchange
011 Stocks— Bid. Ask
Alma: 5 ...-.- t 40 •
Apollo • 42 ....
Associated Trust Cert «•{
A*tec £5
California Standard ?... ]o
Caribou loo 103
Central Point Con" C5 ....
Chicago Crude .' 1J) «1
Claremont 22 30
Esperanza 1 50 ....
Four .' fc7 tO
Fulton 4&0 ....
Giant .... 20
Hanford 140 00
Home 100 ....
Imperial 18 00
Independence 16 17
Junction 19
Kern 6 ©0
Kern River 13 CO
1 Jon 0.1 04
Monarch (of Arizona) 49 ....
Monte Crlsto 80 ....
Occidental of W. V....a.... IS ....
Oil City Petroleum 27 28
Peerless 13 73 14 23
Plttsburg 25
Reed Crude .... ....
S. F. and McKlttrlck 2 75 :
1 Snn. Joaquln O. & D. ' 4 50
Senator 63 73'
Sovereign M7 41
Sterling ..' 2 «i> ' 2M
Superior . 04 Otf"
Thirty-three 7 00 7 00 '
Toltec 22
Twenty-Eight 4 23
West Shore 2 90
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Impt - 1QO
Alameda Sugar 2ttOO
American IHrcult 93 00
American District Tel ....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp ....
Cal Cotton Mills S3 00 ....
Cal Jockey Club 103 00
Cal Shipping Co ' 25 00
Cal Title Ins and Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 00 ....
Chutes Company 8 25
Cypress Lawn Impt Co 6 50 7 75
Fischer's Theater 2 00
Gas Consumers' Association 22 50
Honolulu Susar ....14 60 ....
Northern Cal Power 9 00
North Shore Railroad 6 CO
Orpheum Company ' 16 25
Pacific States Tel & Tel ... . 115 CO
Faraffine Paint 33 00 ....
San Francisco Dry Dork.... 47 00. ....
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 5O 3 CO
Sauxallto Land and Ferry. 1. 16 00 ....
Sperry Flour Company 27 60 30 00
Standard Electric , 13 00 -
Tesla Coal Company ,. 32 CO
Truckee Electric 13 25
\ Union Sugar 22 60 ....
United Gae and Electric .... 34 50 ." ....
OFFICIAL SALES.
75 North Shore (assment paid) 11 00
400 Monarch 50
600 Monarch ...., 51
Gerd and Anna M. H. Heinen (Lammers) to
Peter E. Laramers. undivided 3-12 of lot on
S line of Sutter street. 137:6 W of Laguna.
W 34:»% by* 137:6; $16-. ~ ¦
Same to Julius Kahn. undivided 1-12 of
same; $10.
Chambers Estate Company to Mary W.
Budteed lot on S line of McAllister street,
141:3 E-'of Devisadero. E 27:6 by S 137:B; *U».
David F McGraw to William H. Mathews.
lot on N line of Carl street. 179 E ot Cole. E
25 by N 137:6; $10.
Alexander TV. Morrison to Martha C. Mor
rison lot on N line of Jackson street, 150 W
of Maple. W 30. N 126. NE 2, S 129.24: H»-
Else liallard to Jamea L. Nagle. lot on W
line ot Parker avenue. 225 S of Point Loboa
avenue, W 125 by N 25. lot 8. block 1,
Johnston Tract; $10.
Mary A. McCann to Eliza J. Stoddard. lot
on N\V corner of Thirteenth and Harrison
streets. N 36:0*4. W 80. S 40:0H. B 80; flO.
Clarence H. and Lizzie A. Lamb and Edna
M Earhart (Dean) to Margaret S. Oreenwada
(wife of H R. C). lot on N line of Camp
street, 110:6 E ot Guerrero. E 30 by N 09:4;
Leslie H. Collom to Stelger & Kerr Stov«
and Foundry Company, lot on B line of Fol
som street. ICO S of Eighteenth. B 27:2 by E
'Henry "P. Sonntatr to Lena McMullen (wlf«
of John) lot on SB corner of Liberty and
Guerrero 'streets. S 62:6 by E 100; «.O.
Mary E. Bray to Mary Bray, lot on B Una
of Castro street. 251 S of Seventeenth, S 24
y George' F. and Rose nanson and James and
Clara Cross to Frederick W. and EmllU A.
Uoetzc lot on B line of Fair Oaks street. 213:6
S of Twenty-eecond. S 30:6 by E 117:6; $10.
Andrew and Catherine Smith to W. H.
Johnston, lot cormnendns 337 E of Douglasa
street and 2(O N (X Seventeenth. E 35, N
407H NW 41. S K>;10U; **».
Albert TV. and LUUe Scholia to Prank Mas
key lot on E line of Kearny street. 78 8 of
Post. S 46 by E 80: $10.
Alexander and Mary O. Heynemann tpHenry
Callleaud, lot on 2* line of Pine street, 1K:6 W
of Mason. W 55 by N 155; $10- ,„ • ,
Frederick W and Emma- Kern to Michael
Cronan lot on N line of Bush street. 236:3 W
Of Mason. TV 32:S by N 137:6; $10.
Couradlne Fischer to George A. Fischer, lot
en E line cf Jones street. 30 N* of Valparaiso.
Miriam Martin to Hannah Israel, lot oa >fW
line of Harrison street, 100 SW of FlftH. SW
2 \?ary N New U to Julia Sullivan, lot on SB line of
Natoma street. 375 NE of ESghtn. NE 23 by SB
"Dennis O'Brien to Delia O'Brien, lot on B line
of Vermont atreet. 300 8 of Sierra, S 100- by E
25- also lot on N line of Humboldt ttreet. 60 E
of Vermont. E 25 by N 100; $10.
Samuel R; Crooks vs. Jonathan J. Crooka (by
J. T. Harmes. O. H. Umbsen and P. J. SulUjaiJ
as referees) to California Newton, lot on NW
corner of .Nineteenth and Wisconsin "treeta,
NW 151:3. SW 103:0%. NE 67:UH: $350.
Fernando and JuUa A. Xelaon to Laden Si
mon, lot on E* line of Second avenue, 173 S of
A street. 8 23 by E 120; $10. "
John and Anna nandschumacner to Thomas
GilllsDle. lot on TV line of Tenth avenue, 130 N
Of I street. N 25 by W 120; $10. .
Ellen C. and John Brett to Caroline Knapp.
lot on W line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 173 8
of I street. S 23 by TV 120; $10.
Otto and Caroline Stoll to Louisa Rinaldl
(wife of Oluseppl). lot on E line of Tenth ave
nue. 175 N of O street, N 23 by E 120: $10.
George and Kate Ryan to Carl and Franzlska
Trummer. lot on NE line of Tomasa street. US
NW of Butler avenue. NW 28:3. N 6O:1O«4. E
25 3 75:04 lot 3. block 2, subdivisions of Pre
cita Valley lot SO; $10.
Fred Baker to Erdmann Nagel. lot on N line
Cf Elizabeth etreet, 273 W of Hoffman. W 25 by
N 114 lot 20m. Heyman Tract; $10.
Anna G Beresford to Elizabeth Gllbey. lot
11. block S59. Bay Park Homestead Association;
$10.
J Frank and Marea Walter to Alfred Brusa
delll. lot on NE corner of Silver avenue and
Congdon street." E 23 by N 110. block 13, Col
lege Homestead; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Henry J. and Lena Thomas (owners) with N.
A. Carlson (contractor), architect ; ait
work for a one-story attic and basement frame
building on W line of Bryant street. 2C0 N of
Twenty-second. 23 by 100; $2341.
William Harris (owner) with Felix Marcus*
(contractor), architect : all work for a
, twa-story frame building (fiats) on N line of
Clement street. S2:« W of Second avenue. TV
25 by N ICO; $4300.
» ? «
Nihill Murder Trial Closing.
The trial of Michael Nlhill on the
charge of shooting and killing Mrs.
1 Benefrleda Baker In a saloon at How
ard and Russ streets, where she had
taken refuge, 13 drawing to a close
before a Jury In Judge Cook's Court.
The prosecution rested last Friday, and
yesterday a number of witnesses were
called for the defense, most of them
bartenders, who testified that Nlhill
was a heavy drinker and of a nervous
prd excitable disposition. There Is only
one more witness to be examined and
It Is expected that the case will go to
the Jury this afternoon.
- "Dreams that ne'er come true" don't
include pipe dreams
MONDAY. NOVEMBER 18.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
ca?y: No. 2 spring wheat, f-Oc; No. 3. <7®"!tc;
No." 2 red 80@«lc; No. 2 corn, 414c; No. 2 yel
low. 42%c; No. 2 oats, 33Vic; No. 3 white, :i.1%
©3Sc- No. 2 rye, 514052c; good feeding barley.
:w;efiSe: fatr to choice malting. 44@57c; No. 1
flaxseed, f»4c: So. 1 Northwestern. $1; prime
timothy seed. $2 75; mess pork, per bbl.
*11 .TPi&ll 50; lard, per 100 lbs, *« »0i8<i 924:
short ribs sides (loose). $7 25©7 75; dry salted
fhoulders <boxed). $C C24®« S74: short clear
sides (boxed), $7 25; whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 25; clover, contract trade, $10- 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23.700 10,000
Wheat, bushels 231.700 109.700
Corn, bushels 207.900 1123.300
Oats, bushels 185.600 225.C00
Rye. buslu-ls 8.000
Barley, bushels S3.800 18.300
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady. 15921c; dairies. 14© v lS4c;
eggs steady. 22#2»c; cheese easy, lOgllc.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
•i bout lHe under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9c; medium. 8c; light. 74o; Cow Hides.
7%c for heavy and 74c for light; Stags. 6c;
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted Calf,
104@llc; dry Hides. 15c; dry Kip. 1.3c; dry
Calf ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@30c each;
short Wool. 40(8'fi0c each; medium. 70@90c;
long Wool. $1©1 60 each: Horse Hides, salt,
$2 75 for laree and S2fj"J 60 for medium. $1 25
HI 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides,
dry $1 75 for large and fl 60 for medium. $1@
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins
— Dry Mexican. 32c; dry salted Mexican, 25e;
dry Central American. r32c. Goat Skins — Prime
Angoras. 75c: large and smooth, 50c; medium,
35c: small 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 44c per lb; No.
2. 4c; greas*. 24®3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs*. 90
lie; Middle County. ll@12c: Northern Free,
Il{il2c; Northern Defective. 10@llc: Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 12J7HC; Nevada, 13@15c; Ore
gon fir.e. 18®19c; Oregon medium., 17c per lb.
HOPS— 20®23c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December 77>4 -77% 76'4 764
May 77% 77% 7(5% H\%
July 73% 73Ti . 73H 7. # t'.4
Corn No. 2 —
December 42V; 42V'« 41% 4Hi
May 41% 4 Pi, 41H 41%
July 41% 41% 41>i 41H
Oats No. 2—
December 334 33% 32% S3
May 3t% 34*, 34V4 34%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 11 70 11 724 H «4 It 474
May 1185 1185 11674 11674
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December « 75 fl 75 6 724 6 "2>4
January 6 824 0 874 6 «74 6 074
May 6 774 « 774 «W 0 05
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January fl 224 « 22'«i C 07 4 0 074
May 6 324 U 324 0 174 0 17Vi
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels. 9»{c; one tierce. 9Hc; two tlercca,
9c; five tierces, 8T4c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at ~VaC per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half barrels, pure,
9V t c: 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins.
10c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c pec lb for
heavy, 12Hc for light medium. 14%c for light.
154c for extra light. 184c for sugar-cured
and 20®214c for extra sugar cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams 144c; California Hams.
13%c: Mess Beef fll 50 per bbl; extra Mess.
fl2lffl2 BO; Family $13; prime M<?ss Pork. $18;
extra clear. $24; Mess, $19; Dry Salted Pork.
12c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. ?5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
Chicago was lower and quoted a heavy mar
ket with no support. There was no change
here.
Provisions.
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. , Bld.Ask.
folehan — 18 '[tescu* 03 C6
p.speranz& ... 01 02 , Ton Belmont. ' — 1 ?>«
Hold Mt Con. — C5 Ton & Cal.... — 22
Hannapah ... — 10 Ton Gt West. — l'»
MacNamara . 05 10 Ton of Nev.. .4 00 5 5O
Hizpah — 22 i Ton N Star... 30 31
Uont Ton...l 024 1 05 Iron Midway.. 34 37
Paymaster... 08- 15 (United Ton.. — 12
MONDAY. Nor. 16 — ? p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 OSJustlce 10 13
Alta 01 02Kentuck 03 04
Andes 18 17,Keyes —180
Belcher IS 10 Mexican 69 70
Best & Belch. 1 SO 1 40 incidental ... 23 2X
Bullion 07 08 Ophlr 140 145
Caledonia 88 8H Overman .... 15 1H
Challenge Con 17 lit Potosl 10 11
Chollar 00 11 Savage 13 14
Confidence ... 60 61 Scorpion 01 ©2
Con Cut & Va. 97 90 Seg Belcher.. 07 «W
Con Imperial. 01 02 61erra Ner... 2S 3o
Crown Point.. 12 131'ilver Hill 62 54
Eureka Con... — 60 6t Louis 11 —
Exchequer ... 11 12 1 Syndicate .... 04 0>;
Oould & Cur. 21 23|t"nionCon S» 40
Hale A Norc. 48' 49;utah 11 1-
Lady Wash... 03 04 yellow Jacket 32 S3
Julia 0« 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bar silver steady at 27 1 ,id per ounce.
Money, 3U©3% per «»nt. The rate of dis
count In the ' open market lor short bills is
Cons for money.87 11-16 IN Y Central 119%
Cons for acct..87 13-16 Nor & Western :. 56 »4
Anaconda 3 VI Nor & West pfd. . 8S
Atchlson 814 Ont & West .20
Bal & Ohio 75 % Pennsylvania ...\ 67%
Can Pacific 121% Rand Mines 9%
Chea & Ohio 28% Reading ,19%
Chi & Q W 15 Heading 1st pfd .. 39
C. M & St P 130 % Reading 2d pfd .. 23
De Beers 20% 'Southern Ry .... 17%
D & R O 18% So Ry Pfd 75
P & R G pfd.... 064 Southern Pacific. 42%
Erie 26% Union Pacific ... 72
Erie 1st pfd C7% Union Pac pfd... 88
Erle2d pXd 49 U S Steel IIV4
III Central 132% U S Steel pfd ... 63%
Louie & Nash 1024 Wabash W-
M, K & T 10!ilWabash pfd 334
LONDON CLOSING 8TOCK8,
Miscellaneous — Parrot 17V*
Amer Sugar 1164 Qulney HO
Am Sugar pfd.. .119 S F Copper 1ft
Am Tel U Tel....l25Vi Tamarack SO
Domin I & Steel. 8 Trinity 6
Gen Elec 1474 United States ... 17V4
Mass Elec ISO Utah 26%
Mass Elec pfd 78 Victoria 24
United Fruit M WInona 74
T! 8 Steel ...... 10% Wolverine 65
U S Steel pfd ... 51 M
Railroads — limgham 21U
Atchlson «V.'/i ,¦<•«!! & Hecla 4.10
Atchison pfd 88% Centennial 144
Boston &. Albany.248 Copper Range .. 43%
Boston & Maine. 170 Domln Coal .... 73%
IJoiton Elev 140 Franklin 74
N Y, N H & H...194 Isle Royal* 54
Fltchburg pfd ...130 Mohawk S5%
Union Pacific .... 70% Old Dominion .... 8Vj
Mex Central S%:Ooceola 554
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westln'ghouse com C6
Call loans ....4 05 Mining—
Time loena ....5%©6 Adventure 4
Bonds — Allouer 4
Atchlson 4a SOU Amalgamated .... 33
Mex On 4a 68 Daly West 31
Chi G W B pM 2C>i
Chicago & N W 1«2
Chi Term & Trans 8
t-hicsgo T & T pfd 17
C. C. C & St Louis 70V4
Colorado Southern. 200 119i ll a i llij
Colo South 1st pfd MS
Colo South 2.1 pfd 20
Delaware & Hudson 200 152 152 152'4
Del. Lack & West. 1.0O0 23»l£ 2.W 238^1
Denver & Rio O IS .
Den & Rio G pfd «<%
Erie «.2iX) 26% 23^ 20V*
Erie 1st pfd 400 B6% tW 0<>
: Trie 2d i-fd 3(K) 47% 47«4 47>,4
Creat North pfd 1<«>
Hocking Valley 1OO «»V4 HUH 7O>4
Hocking Val pfd.. 100 81 81 SO
Illinois Central 1.<KX> 12S"4 127>i 127%
Iowa Central 10-
Iowa Central pfd 32
K C Southern 100 16«4 I64 16?;
K C Southern pfd 28%
1,,m:s & Nash 1.000 loo'; !»» !>»"<,
Manhattan L 8.OUO 140% 138 140
Metropolitan St Ry. 15.800 115*4 112 114*6
Minn At £t Louis.. 300 f,2 &1 M
Missouri Pacific... 3,0»>0 83 «7% 88H
Mis. Kan & Texas. 200 16^ 16'i ltJVfc
M, K & T pfd 500 3414 34 34
Ntl RR Mtx pfd 3tH;
New York Central. 2.700 1164 116H 11(1^
Norfolk & Western. 1,400 64^4 53»i MU
Xor * West pfd.. . . .' . 82
Nor Securities S8U
Ontario <£• Western. 1.000 20 19H 19*.
Pennsylvania 112H
P. C. C & St Louifc 65
Reading 31.100 SSfc S7}4 HH%
Reading 1st pfd... 200 78 76 75%
Reading 2J pfd Ofiij,
Rock Island Co 4,400 23U 22 22%
P.ock Island Co pfd 600 LS»I 5.S 56H
St L. & S F f>5
StL & PF 1st pfd 60
StL & SF 2d pfd.. 400 43ii 43>i 43
Pt Ix.u!a S W .... J2«i
Ft Louis S W pfd 29^
Ft Paul 18.700 136% 134% 135v»
Ft Paul pfd .... 172
Southern Pacific... 4,$n0 41 »/£ 40T 8 41«4
Southern Railway.. 320 17>4 17^ l7Vi
Southern Ry pfd.. 100 72*4 72',l 72^4
Texas * PariHc 7O0 22=i 22' 22"-4
T. Ft L & W l.r.00 20 IS 19»j
T. St L & W pfd.. 3.800 31 2C«£ 20%
Union Pacific 22.900 71 <»i5 70%
I'nlon Pacific pfd.. 100 85'i 85«4 85^
Watash 100 18% 18Vi 18>A
I Wabash pfd 1.300 33 32V4 32H
Wheeling & L, E 14\;
j Wisconsin Central 15^4
JVi* Cent rfd 33
Express Companies —
I Adams 219
American ]00 190 190 1SS
United States 100
Wells Farpo 195
Miscellaneous —
I Amfl Copper 22.900 3S»; 37% 3S
I American C & F. .. 100 19 19' 13*4
Amer C A V pfd.. 200 CC BC C3V;
Amer Lin O!l 8«4
Amer Lin Oil pfd 25
Amer Loco 12 ! -4
Amer Ixjco pfd 3<"0 75 4 75 74
Arr.er Smelt & Ref. 200 424 42>i 42*4
Amer S & Ref pfd. 300 87 H~ 83
Amer Sugar Ref .. 11,600 1174 115% 116$J
Anaconda Mln Co «0
Brooklyn Rap Tran 19,000 3s«j, Rd« 3s
Colo Fuel & Iron... 300 28 204 28
Col & Hocking Coal .'. 9
Consolidated Gaa.. 100 175 175 175
Gen Electric 3t»0 148V4 148 148
Inter Paper 200 10 10 lOVi
; Inter Paper pfd CO
Inter Pump 30
Inter Pump pfd €8
'< National Biscuit 34%
National Lead COO 11 104 11 %
North American ... 300 70 70 70
Pacific Mall 100 244 244 2."* 1 *
People's Gas 1,000 9't 024 93«i
I Pressed Steel Car. . 300 27 U 27 27
PrerwyJ Steel C pfd fi<?
Pullman Pal Car 210
Republic Steel 300 7 • 7 6%
Republic Steel pfd. 100 494 494 40U
Rubber Goods 114
Rubber Goods pfd C9
Tcnn Coal & Iron.. 1.200 27»; 27 27U
TT S Leather 400 74 7 7
TT S Leather pfd... 200 75' 75 75
\' S Rubber g«
1- S Rubber pfd .. 3.100 ."!64 3«4 %<l
\: 8 Steel lO.fcOO 11 10% 10%
TT 8 Steel pfd 69,700 f.2 61 ' 61 Vi
Weetera Union .... 400 $4% 83 84
Total shares Eold.519.300
N"EV\* YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg. .10fl%j Hocking Val 44s.lO54
Do coup 106% 'L, & N uni 4s .. 984
Do 3s reg 1074; | Man con gold 4s.lO24
Do coup 107V« Mex Cent 4s 71
Do new 4s reg.1344 Do 1st lnc 134
Do coup 1344 i Minn & St L 4s. 97
Do old 4s reg.. 1104 M K & T 4a 074
Do coup 1104 Do 2ds 74%
Do 5s reg 101 'A N R R of M c 4s. 754"
Do coup 101^5 N Y Cent g 34s. P9
Atch gen 4s 100 N J Cent g 6>... 129^4
Do adjt 4a ... 88 Nor Pac 4g ...;-.1014
Atlantic C L 4s.. 914 Do 3s ; 70»i
Balto & O 4s ..'100% Nor & W con 4s. 97 '
Do 34s 1)5 O S L 4 & Partlc. 91%
Cent of Ga 6s ..10";4 Pa con 34s .... 85
Do 1st lne . . . «1 Reading Gen 4s. fM3%
Ches & O 44s ..MlVi Si 4 I Me 5s...H0<?i
Chi & Alton 34s. 74 »t L & S F fg 4s. 81 4
C B & Q new 4«. 03% 8t L R W lsts 92^4
C. M & 8 P g 4S.109 Seaboard Air L 4s 88
Chi & N W c 7s.l3OV4 Southern Pac 4s 87
C R I & P R 4s. 71 So Ry 6s 1124
Do col fis 724 Tex & Pac lsts. 1174
C C C & 8 L g 4s 00*. Tol Et L &. W 4s. 6»4
Term 4s 754 Union Pac 4s ...1024
Con Tobacco 4s .. 55 Do conv 4s B3«A
Colo * So 4s 834 U S Steel 2d 5s. r,»;<2
CFAIeh.... « Wabash Ists ....112%
D & R G 4s 99 Do Deb B JWJ
Erie prior lien 4s. 08% Wheel & L Tl 4s 88
Do gen 4* ... 83% Wls Cent 4s 83
Ft W A D C lsts.1064
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adam* Con 10: Little Chief 6 00
Alice 13:Ontario 13
Breeee 10,Ophlr 130'
Comstock Tunnel.. 054; Phoenix 07
Con Cal & Va.... P5:Potoi<l 10
Deadwood Terra .1 00 Savage 12
Horn Sliver 1 70'SIerra Nev 25
Iron Silver 02 Small Hopes 15
Leadville Con 07 Standard 2 00
FRUIT — Apricots. 7JJ8U.C for Royals snd »$>
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4&5lic;
sun-dried. :{H<g-»c; Peaches. 4U@tiMic; Pears,
OlfflOc; Nectarines. 4®5Hc; Figs, white. *&*%{•
in boxes; black, 4 He; Plums, pitted, 6@8c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 214@3c 'or the four
sizes. ,
RAISINS — F. o. b. Drlees, Fresno, for 1903
crop: 60-Ib boxes — Ijocs? Muvatel. 2-crown,
5Mc per lb: 3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown. «J%c: Seed
less Muscatels. l>4c; do floated, 4 Vic; un
bleached Sultanas, 4%c; Thompson's SeeJIesii,
6Vic. London Layers — 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown flusters. $2; 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 60; 6-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown, 6c per lb: do 3-crown, 6%c; Valencia
Cured, 4Vic; Pacific do, 3?4c: Oriental do. 2%o.
Seeded Raisins — 16-oz packages, fancy. \8c ptr
lb; choice. 7%c: 12-ci packages, fancy, 6%c:
choice. 6?ic; In bulk, fancy, "ftc: choice, 7%c.
I\ UTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13H@14c;
No. 2, ll%012c; No. 1 hardshell. i:i@i:iVfcc;
No. 2. llGfllV'C; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10»^c for I X L, 10V 4 c for Ne Plus Ultras and
8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6®7c for East
ern; Pecans, ll<#13e: Cocoanuts. $4 50®5; Cali
fornia Chestnuts. lU@15c per lb.
HONEY — Comb, new, 12314c for white and
O^llc for amber; new water white extracted,
6Vj@6c; light amber extracted. 4H@6'/4c; dark.
(04UC
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb. '
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
Bld.Ask.] Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..ll(H4111»il 4s qr new. .134**, 135};
4s qr reg. ..llOfelu^l.is qr coup. .107-% 108**
MONDAY, Nov. lft— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
. v ,:,- York Stocks firmer on the. day.
Local Securities quieter. Oil Stocks very dull.
.\'ot much variation in Silver and Exchange.
Wheat steady at prrjious prices. Barley firmer.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted and quiet.
Hay, Bran and Middlings steady.
Beans still dull and ivcak, with ample receipts.
flggs firm and still very scarce.
Butter steady. Cheese plentiful and weak.
Previsions slow and lozver at Chicago.
Hogs in sufficient supply and easy.
Potatoes steady, Onions higher and Vegetables firm
Poultry in light supply and firm. Game higher.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits quiet.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10. — Commission houses
were heavy ttrllers of December wheat, influ
enced by a variety of factors, and as a re
sult of the liberal offerings the market ruled
weak throughout the session. There was con
riderable selling at the start, due to the
rather indifferent cables and favorable weath
er, and December opened a shade lower to a
shade higher at T7'«c to Jljio, and after sell-
Ing at 77\c the price started on a gradual
down grade. The settlement at St. Louis of
a line of over two million bushel* of December
wheat at 10c- over the Chicago price wus a
warning to the bears that the deal there had
been abandoned and a decline in the price
there of over 1 cent wan largely responsible in
causing a further loss here. The visible sup
ply showed a larger Increase fKan had been
expected and hetoed In the depression, as did
the poor export demand. After selling down to
7tJ l -{c December closed at ~U%c, a loss of %c.
l»cal traders in corn were bearish on the
disappointing shipping demand, excellent
weather, with predictions of a cold wave which
would be favorable fur the movement, and
lower cables. December closed *i@T&c lower,
at 41«iCNlHc.
Commission houses were heavy sellers of
oats, due to the weakness In wheat and corn.
December cloBed %c lov.-er. at 32%6&lc.
Provision* were firm early, but became de
pressed on selling by the packers. The close
was weak, with January pork 20c lower, lard
17'ic o£f and ribs 12Va&15c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 16.— Flour— Receipts,
38,002 barrels; export*. 10,780 barrels; market
dull.
WHEAT— Receipts. 278,170 bushels; exports.
8100 bushels. Spot easy; No. 2 red, 85%c;
No. 2 red. 86 B ic t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 87%c afloat. After a Blight open
ing rally on covering of December shorts here
wheat developed heaviness, which lasted all
day. The market closed U®5»c below Satur
day. May closed at 8l£c, July closed at
67 V 4 c and December at 85iic.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
HOPS— Quiet
HIDES— <Juiet.
COFFEE — Spot quiet: No. 7 Invoice, 6Tsc:
Cordova, 7->;©12 1 ,Je. Futures closed steady,
net unchanged to 0 points higher. Sales, *J7,
250 bags, including December at 5.tt5@5.7Oc,
March at B.96966, and July at 0.25c.-
SUGAR— Quiet
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
rather easy at the moment, the conditions fa
voring buyers. Common, 4®5c; prime, 5>£@
5»ic; choice-, «>g«V4c: fancy, 7c.
PRUNES — Are dull and in some Instances
slight concessions from quotations are report
ed. • The range, however, is unchanged at 2*-ic
to 7V4c for all grades. • *
APRICOTS— Quiet: choice, 9V*G?0i,&c; extra
choice, lOQIOHc; fancy. 116-12Sc.
PEACHES— Quiet: choice. 7U@7?;c; extra
choice, 7 ! /«es?ic; fancy, 9>4©10>-ic.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
IF heat and Other Grains.
4'6 per .cent. Th» rate of discount In the
open market for three months* bllli la 4tf
.per. cent.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 80
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — 4 84
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 S5
New York Exchange, sight — C2 \i
New York Exchange, telegraphlo. — 05
Silver, per ounce • — 63%
Mexican dollars — , 44
Exchange and Bullion.
APPLES — Fancy Spitzenbergs, $2 23 per box
for Oregon and $1 00@1 75 for Californlan;
other varieties, $1©1 25 for fancy, 75@85c for
choice and 25©-50c for common; Christmas Ap
ples. $2 50@2 75 per box.
PEARS— $1 23@1 CO per box for fancy Winter
Nellls And 50<«75r for other varieties.
QUINCES— 40«J60c per box.
POMEGRANATES — 75@S5c for small boxes
and $1 £>0i§2 60 for large.
PERSIMMONS— COcfi$l P*r box.
ORAPES — «Ki50c for small boxes, 65<3>75c for
crates and 75c<ff$l 25 for large open boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS — Valencia Orange*, S2fr
3 50 per box; Navels, $2@3 50; Lemons. $1©
2 50 per box; Grape Fruit. $1 50®2 50; Mexican
Limes, $1@4 50; Bananas. $1 25@1 75 p*r
bunch for Hawaiian and $2 ."OftTJ for Central
American; Pineapples, $202 50 per dozen.
pies, which arrived freely by boat and rail.
Receipts of other fruits were light, but as the
demand was likewise and carried-over stock
abundant prices were no higher. Choice and
fancy Apples were quoted higher and the mar
ket was quite active at the revised quotation's.
There were no fresh arrivals of Grapes In large
open boxes and stock that had been carried
over from' Saturday moved slowly at un
changed rates. Small packages were dull, ow
ing to the lack of demand for shipping, but
were firmly held, as dealers expected' a good
demand for that purpose to-day. Figs and
Nutmeg Melons are meeting with very little
inquiry and as only straggling lots are coming
in the quotations are withdrawn.
Citrus fruits were generally dull and prices
stood about the same as previously quoted. New
crop Navel Oranges are coming forward free
ly, but are mostly green and eell slowly. A
small consignment of well colored stock was
received yesterday. The fruit was offered at $4
per box, but was not sold, having arrived too
late for the regular trade.
STRAWBERRIES — Longwortbs, per
chest; MalindaF. $7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $708 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $11011 60; Jer
seys, $10^10 75 per bbl; Coos Bay, $2 5003 per
box.
and Bond Exchange and there was no change
except a slight advance In Giant Powder to
$G4 75. The oil stocks continued neglected.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: Port Costa Water
Company, regular monthly, 30c per share,
amounting to $1500; United Gaa and Electric
Company, regular monthly. 15c per share,
amounting to $3341 SO; Presidio Street Rail
road Company, regular monthly. 20c per share,
amounting to $2000; Pacific Auxiliary Fire
Alarm, regular quarterly, 5c per share,
amounting to $1250; Four Oil Company, regu
lar monthly, lc per share, amounting to $3000;
the Daly West Mining Company of Utah, a
regular monthly of 65c; the Anaconda Mining
Company of Montana, a regular semi-annual
of 5Oc; Fischer's Theater Company. 5c.
The assessment of $5 per share on the
stock of the North Shore P.ailroad Company
was delinquent yesterday.
A3 the directors of the Contra Costa Water
Company decided to omit the dividend thU
month, none was paid yesterday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
The week opened 'very, quietly on the Stock.
Receipts of Berries were very light, consist
ing of 2 chests of Mallnda Strawberries and 8
chests of naspberries. and prices of both de
¦criptions ranged higher. Trade In tree fruits
was rather quiet and confined chiefly to Ap-
Deciduous and Citrus, Fruits.
SEATTLE. "Wash.. Nov. 16.— Clearings,
$811,984; balances. $114,554. W
TACOMA, ,Wwh., Nov. 16.— Clearings,
$423,207: balances. $39,326.
PORTLAND, Ore.. Nov. 16.— Clearings,
$7I)S,17C; balances, $93,422.
SPOKANE, Wash», Nov. ' 16,— Clearings,
|4iK),004; balances, $88,831).
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
RED RIBBON SPEED SALE
TROTTING STOCK,
Consisting of half sisters of Dlrectuzn. 2:05\i;
John A. McKerroB. 2:«5U; Bay Rum. 2:25V*:
Algregor. 2:11. etc.. and the finest -looking trot-
ters and pacers ever offered by such sires as
McKlnney. 2:1H4; Rey Direct. 2:10; Direct.
2:05%; Chas. Derby. 2:20; Diablo, 2:0!)»4:
Silver Bow, 2:16; Owyhee. 2:11: Stelnway,
2:23*;; Hart Boswell. George Washington.
2:10%; Monterey. 2:C»ii; Dexter Prince. Guy
McKlnney. Prince Nutwood. 2:11U: Almonl-
tlon. 2:24%. etc., consigned by Messrs. H. C.
Saunders. Jas. H. Gray. P. Foley. Geo. A. Da-
vis, P. J. Williams, Thos. Smith. C. Becker,
E. C. Archer, L. M. La Selle and other well-
known horsemen.
SPECIAL SALE
Seven young stallions, finest bred In Califor-
nia. Four by McKtnney (2:ll\i). one by Silver
Bow <2:16). one by Owyhee (2:11). one by
Egyptian Prince,
zrine of the rinest Broke Shetland
Ponies.
Surrey and Four-in-Hand Harness.
A span of spotted plntos: saddle horses; well-
matched teams; fir.e roadsters; mares with rec-
ords; young stallions, etc.
TUESDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 17, 1903,
Commencing at 7:30,
Occidental Horse Exchange
246 Third St.. Near f olsom
WM. O. LAYNO. Llv» Stork Auctioneer.
Horses at yard Saturday. November 14, until
evening of sale.
£* ' &* &»
AUCTION SAZ.S OF
Work, Driving and Saddle Horses
WEDNESDAY EVENING. HOV. 18th.
At S o'clock.
17 HEAD WKIOHING FROM 1080 TO 1500
POUNDS, from J. KINSMAN. Bonanxa, Or.
22 HEAD WEIGHING FROM 106O TO 170O
POUNDS, from II. C. HUFFMAN, Sutter
County. Cal.
10 MATCH SPANS WEIGHING FROM 2200
TO 3000 POUNDS, from Stockton.
These horses are all broke and ar» from 4
to 9 years old. Good, sound, serviceable horsea.
ready to be put to work.
10 HEAD DRAFT WEANLINGS AND YEAR-
LINGS, halter broke, from Martins*.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
1732 Market at., cor. Van Ness avd.. S. F.
£* £* -£&
AUCTION SALE of Horsea, Waxona, Har-
ness WF.DNESDAY. Nov. 19. at 11 a. m.
Arcade Horse Market. 827 Sixth st. Horse*
must be as represented or money refunded.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1903.
14
EDUCATIONAL Continued.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia T**t*. Howard St.. nr.
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING— Civil, ejec, roln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; flay, ev.; est. Ib64..va-i
der Nnlllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty.24 Post
St., S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine fit Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.; day or eve. $5 mo. 1024 Misslon.nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chlaese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japanese-
Chlnese help. 42tt Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment . Of -
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FE3IALE.
ELDERLY American woman wishes position
for housework and cooking: good home and
moderate wages; no mail answered. 1UUJ
Market _t. '
YOUNG lady understanding bookkeeping and
typewriting would like position, or any kind
Of office work; salary expected, $2o. liox
3447. Call office. .
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work in fam-
ilies; stylish suits made In 2 days. Box
3445. Call office. _-__
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes engage-
ments; $1 75 per (lay; references. Address
box 2970. Call office.
YOUNG woman with references wishes house-
cleaning by the day. $1 50 and car fare.
. 819% Larkln st. .
AN honest German lady would like to get a
few more days' light washing or houseclean-
lng. 412B Fifth st.
A WOMAN would like to do washing by the
day; $1 25 per day. Please address MRS.
E. K.. 963 Mission St.
YOUNG lady just arrived from Berlin would
like to get a place as dentist assistant; last
place 4 years. Call at 837A Mission st.
GERMAN lady desires a position as nurse or
lady companion; wages $25. Address S37A
Mission st
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
wages $25 to $30. Box 2977, Call office.
A POSITION as stenographer by a young lady
having diversified experience in the line.
Address Berkeley Realty Co., 2147 Center
st... Berkeley. - - ¦ - ¦ ¦
COMPETENT girl wishes housework In small
family: wages. $25. Address 25A Silver st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
EXPERIENCED dry goods domestic salesman,
al'.o flrst-class stockkeeper. special in cur-
tains, blankets, linens and all housekeeping
dry goods; excellent references. Box 3442,
Call office.
ELECTRICIAN; steady, Bober young man
with some experience would like position In
electric power or sub-station. Box 2070,
Call office.
AM willing to work at anything; etrong, hon-
est ambitious; handy with tools; best ref-
erences. Box 3446. Call office.
I AM an advertising solicitor of 15 years'
experience; would like a position. Address
box 297S. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS meat and pastry cook wants
situation In hotel; wages not less than $75
_ per month. Box 3441, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by man around private
house; can take caro of horses; good driver;
good gardener; handy with tools. Box 29S0.
Call office.
WANTED — By flrst-class telegraph operator,
position with private concern; good letters.
Address "Operator," box 29S1, Call office,
COACHMAN and gardener wishes a eltuation
. private family; all round handy; best refer-
ences. Box 3440, Call office.
PAINTER, paper hanger and plasterer wants
work; very cheap. WILLIAM HAPP. 434
Fulton St., near Octavla.
YOUNG man and wife would like to take care
of a small hotel or resort for winter; refer-
ences. Address box 849, Call office, Oakland.
A GOOD cook wants situation; restaurant, ho-
tel or boarding-house. Please call 053 Fol-
som st.
EXPERIENCED tearrfster, farm laborer and
woodehopper wants work. Box 2079, Call.
STRICTLY . temperate honest retired sea cap-
tain desires suitable employment, such as
shlpkeeper, wharfinger or in command of
yacht or steam launch, etc. Address R. F..
postofflce box 2163, San Francirco. Cal.
ENERGETIC salesman of good appearance 7
years of experience. Is desirous of accepting
position as traveling salesman with mercan-
tile house. Box 2020, Call. ¦ ¦
SITUATION waited by Eastern cook, wife as
second cook or\ waitress; good country hotel
or resort; best of references. J. RAYBORN,
12 Cleveland at. ; . |
SOBER Industrious, middle-aged single man
wants Bltuatlon; email wages; familiar with
general merchandise or plain waiter. | Box
28S3. Call office.
Al DRAUGHTSMAN, experienced in both
mechanical and structural draughting and
design, desires permanent position. Address
box 2957. Call office.
STRONG, willing young man with reference
would like position in wholesale cr retail
house. Box 29C6. Call.
A BARBER wants steady Job. Please address
THEODORE WUESTEMAN. care Charles
Tamm, 369 Bartlett St.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Work by. elderly, flrst-class car-
. penter, day or contract; city or country; best
references. Box 2974, Call office.
STEADY man .wishes place as coachman and
gardener: city or country: can milk; good
references. Box 2057, Call. ___^
JANITOR work, carpets beaten and relald,
stoves polished and fixed, wood cutting and
splitting by the hour or day. Box 2059. Call.
A YOUNG man; married; good education; no
objection to leave city; Al references. Bo-
2061. Call office. '•¦-¦•
COMPETENT mechanic (stranger) wishes car-
penter work; store, factory or small Jobs.
Box 2973, Call office.
POSITION wanted as collector, salesman or
assistant bookkeeper by experienced and en-
ergetic man; city references. Box 3437, Call.
PROFESSIONAL photographer, with 7 years'
experience, desires situation. Address Pro-
' f sessional Photographer, box 3431, Call.
MECHANICAL draughtsman desires position;
' aged 25. Address box 2972. Call. .
MAN wants situation as porter or utility man
about hotel. Address Porter, C14 Kearny 8 t
CHINESE, flrst-class cook, wants place; pri-
vate family. Address 921 Dupont st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
FACIA-- MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed; flne complexion guar-
anteed, new method* SOc. M. LUTON, mani-
curing parlors. 764 Larkln at.; phone Polk 17.
BIISINESS^CIIANCES.
R. G. WILKE. Real Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years). 2O>«4 Kearny
ct., room* 0 and 10.
A $1000 coffee saloon and restaurant on
the water front, close to Market St.; dally
receipts about $«5; business clearing $300 per
month; trial given; a splendid offer: investi-
gate at once. See R. G. WILKE. 20 Vi
Kearny st.
A— 43500- HOTEL and barroom with SO rooms.
In Point Richmond; rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employee of railroad and Stand-
ard OH Company; board bill guaranteed by
comi>aniee- owner never clears less than $300
per month! Call R. G. WILKE, 20% Kear-
ny st- — — .
A— $300; SALOON on water frent. with 8 fur-
nished rooms; 3 iron bedsteads in each
room: 2Vi years' lease; rent $35; rooms alone
pay $70 per month and saloon doing a good
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26fr Kearny.
X $100- CIGAR stand, close to Market st.;
stock "will Invoice the price; dally receipt*
$15; rent $30. Call R. O. WILKE. 20^
Kearny st.
* CIGAR stand close to Market and Ellis
ft*.; good will: $700 stock at Invoice; rare
chance : be»t business location. Call R. G.
WILKE. 'MVt Kearny St.
A— $1050; STATIONERY and school supply
store on Geary at. ; this etore Is kept by pres-
ent owrer 16 years and will stand clou'st
lnTestlgatlcn. Call K. G. WILKE. 26ft
Kearny st.
A— $850; EMPLOYMENT office. doln»r a good
business; must be sold at once on account
of sickness In owner's family. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26'4 Keamy at.
X— $4000; ELEGANT and flrst-class ealoon
clost to Market et.; net rent $125; hi years'
lease. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— $3S0; 7:iOAR stand on Third et.. close to
Call building; a good paying stand. See
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A — $2050; CORNER grocery and bar with 10
yeans" lease; rent $60; on leading business
street south of Market; place established
years. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A — $1SOO; HALF Interest In cne of the best
corner saloons en water front: lease; disagree-
ment of nartners cause of sale: will 6ell
whole for $3400. Call R. O. WILKE. 26%
Kearny et.
A— $1250. CORNER ealoon on Fourth st. cloee
to S. P. freight sheds: 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen; a good oaylng business. See
It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $STO; DAIRY Droduce and delicatessen
store; rent $22: business clears above $10i>
per month: living rooms; value in Eight.
Cell R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— $2000; SALOON en Kearny st., about 2 blocks
from Chronicle building; place established
years and doing a good business; or one part-
ner will sell his interest for $1000; disagree-
ment caut-e of sale. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our book* seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..'
Suit ::21. Emma Spreckels building.
HAMHURG (Germany) agent, very well known
in the trade, desires to represent a Califor-
nia dried fruits firm. Address B. X. 856,
<are HAAEEN8TEIN _ VOGLER, A. G.,
Hamburg.
$900 — SALOON; liveliest country town; 30
miles from San Francisco; best corner and
best equipped saloon in town; 5 living rooms
and 2 side rooms; rent $.10; 2 years' lease.
Address box 0447. Call office. •
FOR SALE — A well established harness busi-
ness in the thriving city of Chico. For par-
ticulars call on L. D. STONE & CO., 417
Market St.. or write to box 203. Chico.
WANTED— A partner with $3000 to $5000 to
go into an old established jewelry and mu-
sical business, located In the best business
section of the city, paying 00 per cent profit.
Box 29C2. Call.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a cafe and profitable busi-
ness opening in Pan Francisco? If so, we can
offer you any number requiring an Investment
from $100 to foOX^K); every business opportu-
nity that passes through our office must stand
the closest investigation, and we can place
you In a store, factory, hotel, mill, office, or.
In fart, any business you may prefer; kindly
call and investigate. '
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Hult 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A PROMINENT percentage bookmaklng firm
proposes making one of the largest books on
the California racetracks during the coming
winter. The public Is Invited to take stock
in our book. Amounts received In sums of
$23 and upward. Statements and settlements
made weekly. We positively do not take
any chances, as this book will be conducted
strictly upon a percentage basis, the only
system cf bookmaklng that Is certain of suc-
cess and has stood the test of years. Can use
•subscription of $2000 more. Call or write for
particulars. THE HERMIS CLUB, rooms 3
and 4. 930 Market et.
WANTED — Steady man with $300; genteel
business; no night or Sunday work: $75
monthly. Apply 235 Kearny St., room 4.
$20 RENT; space to let for bootblack stand.
Call 1173 Market st. between 12 and 1.
FOR SALE—
Furr lture. carpets and good will of a new
brick aDartment house of 175 rooms In the
c'.ty's sweliest locality; partly furnished, and
although just opened, is over half filled with
regular tenants already; long lease. If you
want an apartment house, don't fail to get
particulars of this at rooms 1404 and 1405,
Call building. .
~ A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secures half-lntrrest
In established installment hou. c e; investment
eecured and $50 weekly assured *
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
Restaurant for sale which sold 4 months ago
for SCOO; because of the non-union ideas of
the owner will now be offered for quick sale
at $175.Paciflc Business Assn. ,1148 Market st.
BAKERY for Bale, complete plant; horsos and
wagon; good paying and old established busl-
r.ess: splendid opportunity. Apply to D. A.
CURTIN, room S4, third floor Mills bldg.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds of song and fancy birds; goldfish, _eed
cages, etc. Give us a trial; we will please
you. 1546 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
Leavenworth. cor. Lombard — Sunny cozy cot-
tage; $40; 7 r. ; all con.: garden; rent reduced
$27 50— C-ROOM cottage to let. Key at Park
House. 23i>4 Fulton St.
'¦ CTTBES BUPTUBE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER, 1206 Market st
Bend for circular. Why will you Buffer?
Lodging-houses for sale.
headquarters for lodging-houses
C. E. HINKLEY. Phone Mint 790.
1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
Former patrons my best references.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Part cash balance monthly payments.
CARRIAGE TO SHOW HOUSES.
PARTLY furnished 10 rooms, piano Included;
rent only $28; amazingly low price. $225.
C. E. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st. opp. Fifth.
SUPERB apartment-house. 60 rooms; modern;
luxuriously furnished; choice location; sweli-
est house of the size In the city. Exclusively
with C. E, HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
MODERN 125 rooms; 2 blocks from Market
«t. ; 10 years' lease; light, sunny and cheerful
rooms; reasonable rent; country transient;
easy terms; carpets and furniture best qual-
ity; for a good Investment see this. C. E.
HINKLEY. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
SEE this. 14 rooms; rent $55; velvet carpets;
oak furniture: choice location; large yard;
easy terms. See HINKLEY, 1020 Market st.
EXQUISITE furnishings; 185 rooms; grand
apartment-house; low rent; long lease; clears
$700 to $800; only $5000 cash, balance C per
cent. Only with HINKLEY, 1020 Market.
STEADY roomers; 17 rooms; clears $60; rent
only $45; price $750. HINKLEY.
MONEY-MAKER; CO rooms; transient; 2 en-
trances; liquor license; oak and maple fur-
niture: a gift at $2750. HINKLEY. 1020
Market et.
BARGAIN; 1» rooms; must sell; rent $C0;
yours at $550. HINKLEY, 1020 Market st.
WORKINGMEN'S house; sunny corner: 18
rooms; clears $50; rent only $38: price $750;
easy terms. C. E. HINKLEY. 10-0 Market.
PROFITABLE apartment-house; 42 rooms;
lease; reasonable rent; Post st; price $3000.
HINKLEY. 1020 Market Bt
HAVE you some furniture? 12 rooms; partly
furnished; sunny corner; rent $40; clears $33;
j a pick-up at $500. C. E. HINKLEY. 1020
Market Bt. opp. Fifth.
' SEE
TETLOW _ DEACON.
Phone Folsom 2957
1023 Market St.. between Oth and 7th.
For hotels, rooming-houses and business
chances, any part of the city.
A— 1_000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave. ;
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
age. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
AT -sacrifice — A 6-room house; only $450; fine
carpets, furniture, etc. 411 Larkin *t_
FLATS TO LET. I
A — HOUSES miC flats to let; an Immense ltet;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
et., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1030 Market St.; cervices abso-
lutely free.
A BEAUTIFUL sunny flat of 10 rooms (two
floors), bath and laundry: desirable location.
719 Hyde. SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.
DIAMOND. 819 — Flat of 3 sunny.' furnished
rooms, kitchen, dining and bay-window bed-
room; $14.
3 LARGE rooms to let at 665 Hampshire st.;
$13; no children.
ELLIS, S24 and 826 — Sunny 3 and 5 room flats;
elegant appointments; $33; for physicians, etc.
POST, 2634 — Elegant, new, sunny, upper flat,
7 rooms and bath; $30.
SUNNY flat. 6 rooms and bath. 115 Leaven-
worth et.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
SUNNY 3-room flat, complete for housekeeping;
gas, gas range, porcelain bath; adults; $25.
332 Hayes st.
FURNITURE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H,
BURP. auctloneer.lS18 Mkt.;tel.Howard 2756.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — 3 parlor maids. $30; 5 second girls,
$20-$25-$50; 2 waitresses for country, com-
mercial hotel, fare paid. $25; man and wife
as cook and choreman for miners' boarding-
house, $60, fare here; 3 restaurant wait-
resses. $S week; 4 nurse girls, $20-$25. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter at.
COOK, 2 family, no washing, $35; second girl,
same house, $30; cook, 4 family, $.15, no '
washing; 4 German-style cooking, $30-$35, j
with and without small washing; cook, SO I
boarders. $:JO; kitchen helper, small hotel,
$20; laundress, private family, $30, country;
housework. Mill Valley, $30, no washing;
Alameda, $30, and 55 housework" girls for
both city and country places too many to ad-
vertise. Call to-day, J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st.
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU. 17 Fourth st.—
Girl, housework, 1 In family, city, $30 fd. ;
woman, cook, country, free fare, $30 fd. ;
waitress, private boarding-house, $30 fd. ;
young girl for office, city, $15 found; nurse-
girl, no washing, city $20 found. S. F.
EMP. BUREAU. Phone Grant 20.
A WOMAN with a child to cook for 4 men. see
party here 10 o'clock, $20; 3 cooks at $33; 4
second girls. $25 and $30; houseglrl, 2 in
family, $30; colored girl, $25. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
TEN girls to pack dried fruits; $7 a week. Call
MISS PLUNKETT' S, 425 Sutter St., near
Powell.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters
at home evenings or spare time and return
to us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 week-
1 ly earned; materials free; Inclose self-ad-
dressed envelope for n^rtlculars. Guaran-
tee Co., No. S 4, Ninth St., Philadelphia, Pa.
, _____ ____________^___^__^____
WOMEN to sew at home, $9 per week;
materials sent e\-ery where free; steady
work; plain sewing only. Send addressed
envelope for full particulars. S. D., Du
Pont, Philadelphia. Pa.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per w»ek up: leading school in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up:
day and evening class. 14.'; Stockton st.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES, 3214 FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A — NEAT, respectable girl; light housework;
good wages; In Berkeley: references. Apply
C7S Mission St.. room 413.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for embroideries
and laces. Apply Superintendent's Office,
Emporium.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for ladles' neck-
wear. Apply Superintendent's Office, Em-
porium.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for laces and em-
broideries; good salary for experienced per-
son; state experience and salary expected.
Address bor 2077, Call office.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for ladles' neck-
wear; state experience and salary expected.
Address box 207S. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced jacket and skirt al-
teration hands. Apply between 0 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS, 1
WANTED — Young ladles for the comic opera
chorus and ballet. Apply at Tivoll Opera-
house between 2 and 4 p. m.
WANTED — A woman familiar with toys; good
wages. Apply at SCHLUETER'S, 1158
Washington st.. Oakland.
WANTED — Lunch and dinner waitresses;
union wages. . 436 Pine st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Call
780 Haight st., nr. Scott, bet. 9-12 a. m.
GIRL for general housework; family of two
adults; $25. 450 Bartlett st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady in ladles' and chil-
dren's wear. MARKS BROS., 106 Sixth' st.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework. Ap-
ply 2102 Golden Gate ave.
FINISHER on custom pants. 156 New Mont-
gomery et., room 10.
A LADY ot indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
.and 478 Parrott building.
IMPROVERS and apprentice to learn flne
dressmaking: good pay. J. MONAHAN, 411
Mason st. ¦ - ".
WANTED — Young ladles for the comic opera
chorus and ballet. Apply at Tivoll Opera-
house between 2 and 3 p. m.
WAIST and skirt hands wanted; also Improv-
ers. 1407 Lacuna st. .
WAITRESS wanted. 515 Valencia st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
WOMAN of mature years to take charge of
• -business branch. , Box 2971. Call. %
WANTED — Finishers on men's white shirts.
ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia et.
ELDERLY German Catholic lady as cook and
housework; $6 per week. 1071 Market st
EDUCATED elderly German Catholic lady as
children's nurse; $3 per week. 1071 Market.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor, 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
- Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sis.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
THE 0 CALL
JOEK P. SPECEC— — -S. Proprietor.
¦fe-Utss Ccsc-iatlcas is JCHI McSAPGHT, Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You Witfa the Department You Wish.
Publication Office... t Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cu. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mali. Including Postage (Cash With
Order): „
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year..$S.OT
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 6 mos.. 4.«'«
DAILY CALL — By Single Month _3$S
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.WJ
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1 •«*
_. nrr _ rv ( Dally. . .$8.80 Per Year Extra
?£SF?rr *i Sunfiav.. 4.13 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. 1.U0 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Simple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers In ordering <*ang* °* " &'
«r~ss Fhould be particular to give both NE\v
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct corapMance with their re-
quest.
1118 Broafiway^. ~.\ Telephone Mala 10S3.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2145 Center Street Telephone Nortn Tt.
TC 'AEHTNTJTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE.. -.HOC G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf - Astoria Hofl; A. K™^*" 0 - "
rr.lon Scuare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
cue Hotel and Hoi-nan House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
—-M—mi Ho"t=e- P. O. News Co.: Great
K^h™Hote°*f T remont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
JCEVT YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH... .30 Tribune Building.
NXW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON UerzlA Square.
BrSEKESS OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
CaU^orner Market and Third streets; open
ur.til 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
800 Hayes 'street; open until 9:30 p. m.
6.19 McAllister street; open until 9:^0 p. m.
6J. r . Lerkin street: cpen until 0:30 P- m.
1S»41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth, open
until t» p. m.
106 Eleventh street: cpen until 9 p. xn.
lfS»6 Valencia street; oscn until J P- rn.
Northeast corner Church end Duncan streets,
KoThwe^VorW 1 - of Twenty - second and
Kentucky ctreets: cpen until J» p. m.
•_y>0 F!!Imore street; cix»n until 3 p- m-
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. t.JL „£_*_* '!____,
will meet THIS <TUF.SDAT> K\EN-Vy
ING November IT, at 7:"0 o clock. />T\
Ft»ted me.-tins and M. M. degree. By
order cf th^H^P.^ Secretary .
GOLDEN GATE Lodce No. 30, F. and o
AM.— Called meeting THIS (TUES-nAf
1>AY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Second degree. By order ot W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodpe No. 144, F. and A. _.
M —.second Uepree THIS (TVKHVA\)>yJ\t -
EVENING at 7 :."«> o'clock. /v\
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 20, I. O. O. li-v*,
K, THIS EVENING r>--< -iv< s i ? <V :^§S}Jfe.
- islt :: •;. general relief en: niit-^Jgi^jSSQSj*
tee. I'lease attend. "^f^T
E R MOPS. Noble Grand.
FAMl'EL rOLACK, Secrete ry.
OFFICERS and members of Temple *>__J
Grove No. lit. U. A. O. D.. are hereby VSS
requested to assemble at Druids' Hall, •¦¦*
on WEDNESDAY. November IS. at 1:30 p.
111.. for the purpose of attending the funeral
of cur late Brother ROBERT ANDERSON.
By order OTTO HJOOREN. N. A.
HARRY MENT7.AR. Rec. Sec.
WOODHHN of the Wcrld— - 1%
All neighbors of the San
Francis 0 camps, to- -^•'SV^rrjfo
>:••.•.. r ¦¦>.;•.!. sojourning t- JT-^~)**5!"j\(Z-iJ 1
neighbors, are notified to
be present at the recep-
tion tendered to HEAD CONSUL F. A.
FALKENBURG et the Alhamtira Theater,
TUESDAY EVENING. November 17. at 8
o'clock. GENERAL COMMITTEE.
A. G. FRANK, Secrets rj-.
TO the regular funeral detail of the j—
liigpers' and Stevedores' l.'nion. Lo- j-tA
cal T__! of the I. L. M. and T. As- jfWJ
f riation. b»Rinning with V.'M. F. _£^JJ
BROWN (Ledger No. 13-"!l u» to ani \KjCJ
including VIGGO BIRCH < Ledger Jjt*£*L
No. 150> — You are hereby notified to '** **^
report at your hall. 0<i:{ Front st., TO-DAY
?TUESDAY), November 17. at 9:.">0 a, m.. I
fcr the purpose cf attending the funeral of
our deceased brother, JAMES NICHOLS.
Ey order of
THOS. F. BRYANT. President.
HENRY JEND. Rec. Secty.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting — The annual meet-
Ing cf The Union Ice Company will be held
at the office of the company, 324 Pine St.,
6an Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, November
18. 1903, at 3:15 p. rn.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to eerve for the
essuiag year and fcr the transaction of such
other business &s may come befcre the meet-
Ing. C. K. MELROSE. Secretary.
November 4. 1903.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from United Gold and Copper Company
In Spring Valley hydraulic gold mine, near
Cherokee. Butte County. Cal., draining into
£pring Valley Creek, which reaches Feather
Klver. gives notice that meeting will be held
at room 1«J, Flood building. Fan Francisco,
Cal.. November 30. 1903. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
*AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided Improvement on building and loaa
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
raent Company. Parrott bldg.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
W. H. BITTNER.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advloe free. Phone South 74."}.
Salt 322. Emma Spreckels building.
Divorobs quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; camaces secured for Injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for lefcts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made la all parts of the U. 8.
ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. 8S. 916 Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter how small,
attended to; attachments ; bonds furnished ; cor-
porations organized; civil and crii%Jnal practice.
Tel. John 622€. Op<-n evenings by appointment.
We solicit an Interview with you.
A PRIVATE, quick <li\-orce for a small fee.
Eee me and 6a ve money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established IS yrs. ; rms. 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market St., between Mason and Taylor.
A<J%'ice free, all matters. Detectives employed.
AA — THE Legal Advisory, inc.; reliable attor-
neys; practice In all courts; attachments, di-
vorce, estates, bankruptcy, probate. 511
S11A. CUB Cross'ey bldg.. N. E. cor. New
Montgomery and Mission ets,; tel. John 2926.
IiOBT. W. KING, auy-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room til: all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc., consultation
free; no udvan<*e charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3G01.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate nnd all other law
esses: no fees In advance; open every even-
lcg. J. M. THURSTON. 619 Market St.. r. 31.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 027 Market St.. r. 301.
DIVORCE costs $12; quick and quiet: open
evenings. Eramlner buildlne. room 315.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar.
ket st.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
DIVORCE co«ts $12: cpen evenings; tenants
ejected. $5. 9!G Market, r. 52; phone Black C51
ADVICE frr-c; no charge unless ruccegsful: all
law bufinr-py. W. W. Davidrori, »27 M ark e t.
CAnPRT «RATI\G AND CLEANING.
AIR comprestied, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used In eanltary cleaning carpets, on
Cocr, without removal or Injury: prices mod.
erat». Apply •?• F". COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO- Call bid.: phono Main S237.
WHEN you become disputed with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works, 355-327 Tehama st,; tel. South 40.
WESTERN" Carpet Cleaning WorksT 1SO3~ Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning: 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALD7ORXIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.. tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
BUDCLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison Et.: tel.Mlsalon 2C3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
233 Col.cs Gate ave.; telephone East 120.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE — Con.
BRING THIS "CALL" AD WITH YOU.
MARION GRIFFIN, Established April 9, 1883.
I Room 406 "Examiner" building.
Phone Black S0O7. Take elevator to 4th floor.
Strictly business methoJs! Up-to-date offices.
U0O ROOMS— OFFER WANTED.)
Big bargain; exclusive family hotel; one or
the best on the coast; handsome corner build-
i ing; cleared $401 In October; private baths;
I splendid furniture; 5-year lease; cause, heart
trouble.
(18 ROOMS— $000.) _"-V_-'
Snap; on sunny corner. 4 blocks north of Mar-
ket; full of men; cleared $75 last 5 weeks.
(24 ROOMS— CLEARS $175.)
Transient house; downtown; 24 rooms fur-
nished S months ago with the best of every-
thing.
(16 ROOMS— SWELL.)
New, modern house of 16 rooms in high-toned
neighborhood; all bay-window rooms: on sunny
corner; Axminster carpets: golden oak folding
beds with large mirror fronts.
(177 ROOMS— CLEARS $650.)
A bargain; a first-class, strictly modern,
fireproof apartment house; new building; ele-
gant furniture; low rent, long lease; clears $C>0
month: owner Is sick in bed.
(52 ROOMS — MORTGAGE SALE.)
New and modern; long lease; moderate rent;
very best furniture and carpets; excellent loca-
tion; only $1500 cash necessary; must be sold;
a big snap.
(44 ROOMS— A MINT.)
Actually cleared $43S in October; In center of
city; accurate accounts are kept; worth $S0OO
as an Income producer; will sell for $4500.
(10 ROOMS— $250.)
Sunny side, north of Market: rent $23; full.
(24 ROOMS — $1200.)
Near Market; rent $S0; banks $98 monthly.
(16 ROOMS— $800.)
Clean; rent $50; clears $57; all housekeeping.
Elegantly and artistically furnished flat of 8
rooms; mu6t be sold on account cf leaving city;
I cost $1COO last July; will sell, for J500; etrlctly
modern building; low rent; three rooms bring
half the rent; best location in the city.
MARION GRIFFIN, Room 406 Examiner bldg.
NICE 21-room, house; downtown location; full
of steady roomers; clearing $75 a month;
price reduced from $2400 to $1000; parties
leaving the city.
MARION GRIFFIN. Room 406 Examiner bldg.
ELEGANT corner flat. 8 rooms. Western .Ad-
dition; r»nt $35; cheap. $900; large list of
houses, 6 to 200 rooms. EITEL & CARROLL.
212 Kearny st. •
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavla; phone Scott S87.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night
10c; private readings daily. 619 McAllister.
MRS. IIARLAND'S circles eves.; to-night, 10c;
prophetic bua. dally; ladles SOc. 148 Sixth st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.. 10c; sit.. 10 to 6. 148 Sixth st.
MRS. C. KOTTER — Test circle to-night; devel-
oping circle Mon.; sittings dally. 34 6th 8t.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
ft:*>0 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFEisOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.'
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your name, occu-
: pation and what you called for; I promise to tell
¦ you whether husband, wife or sweetheart Is true
or false-: tell you who and when you will marry;
In fact, I will tell you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself; I will give
you luck that wins success in love, marriage, di-
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health and
loet vitality, etc.; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
326— O'Farrell St.— 320. Readings $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg. : she read3 your life correctly, gives an
nccurate description of the pa6t. reveals the
present happ—ilngs and pcrtrays events to
occur In the future: if you are la trouble,
discontented or not satisfied in life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of life; *_'5c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
A _I_i-V-O-R-N-O.
L-I-V-O-R-N-O,
The World-Renowned Palmist
and Crystal Gazer,
34 Keamy st.
Over Hammersmith & Fields. Phone Black 2433.
DO NOT LOSE HOPE.
"Madame Llvorno saved me serious mis-
takes," says Sarah Bernhardt. Thousands say
the eame thing. Three questions by mall, $1.
Send month and year of birth.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et.. cor. Turk: private readings dally. 10 a.
tn. to 5 p. rn. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory us In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
i MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm,
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success named.
L., 50c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
COME AND HAVE YOUR LIFE READ
BY MRS. DR. E. SANDERS.
And Learn Mental Telegraphy.
418 Poet St.; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. A. H. Kronanberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will feive a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MRS. VEINA, wonderful trance medium and
card reader: Just returned from long ab-
sence. 406 Geary, near Mason, room 1.
1 MRS. GARDNER, clairvoyant, card reader;
names given; 25c and 50c. 655B Minna St.,
below Ei.hth.
A — Mm«». Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th et., near Market.
MME. WALTERS, treat card reader: la. 25c,
gents fiOc. 951 Mission et., nr. 6th; Open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c. gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth St.
MME MARSEAU, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles. 25c; gents. COc. 345 Minna st.
OLDEST lad- palmist and card reader In city.
26% Kearny. room 20: ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MME. LAMAR, wonderful palmist; card read-
er; 25c, 60c. 020 Jones St.; hours 1-9 p. m.
MRS. SHAFER clairvoyant card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 448% Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooma 0-10: tel. 3586.
CREDIT C_ OTB XEBS.
C. F. ADAMSJ~CO. "" "
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Creglt for all. 318 Mason st. ¦
DENTISTS. ~
DB, GRUSS, 604-3-6 Callaghan 'bldg., Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per Bet; extracting SOc; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 60; fillings. 50c;
plates, $9; full set; all work painless and w« r -
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings. 23c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory.110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure:eve.class. 1010 Mrkt.
EDUCATIONAL. ' ~.
HEALD'S BuTlNESS COLl^EriTpOSTTfiC
F. — Bookkeeping, • shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.,
between Pine and California; both. adult and
children's classes are now op«n for the season.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st".
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
' for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref., President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. . Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost Institution of the kind in the entire
West; 12 teachers: eend for catalogue. Native
Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason st. ¦ ¦
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236
.Market st. — Practical, progressive,^ reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
PHYSICAL culture class . for gents enly; $5
month. Box 2960, . Call. , .
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College. 630 Golden Gate
-ve.; full business course; day and evening.
HELP WASTED MALE Contlnctd.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP OFFICE.
423 Bush st Clay st.
6 house carpenters, country ••••**3 r>0
Board $i 50 week • *reo fare
6C0 laborers. State of Nevada .$2
Board $4 50 week • Free fare
FOR MENDOCINO CO.. CAL.
S bridge carpenters £» «'«
3 helpers • '**• "*0
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
3 Burleigh drill sharpeners, country. $3 day
and board.
Cocks waiters, porters, kitchen hands, pot
and ulsU washers bell and elevator boys.
$15-$C0.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. OFFICE.
423 Buah st 642 <3ay St.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop and cigar store for
sale; bargain. Inquire Call offlce :
FOR sale— Barber shop; 3 steady chairs: b!g
bargain. Western Realty Co.. 1007fc- Market.
BARBER shop for sale on account of other
business. 704 Polk st. ________________
FOR SALE— Two-chair barber ehop. cheap.
127 Clay st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038
Valencia st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d it*.
GET your shoes half soled white waiting: 23o
to SOc. B63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
» •
HORSES A.VD WAGOXS.
TO Whom It May Concern — We will sell at
public auction at the Arcade Horse Market,
027 Sixth St.. Wednesday. Nov. 17. at 11 a.
m., one phaeton and single harness, the
property of Frank M. Stone (the same being
sold for storage bill). Devisadero-st Sta-
~ble. ASMUS & WISECARVER.
A LOT of cheap horses, wagons, carts, bug-
gies and harness at Fifteenth and Shotwell
sts. ; closing out. 1140 Folsom st.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money.
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
TOP wagon, $00: big ranch mare, $50; buggy.
$15; cart. $12 50; wagon. $25. TO City Hall
ave.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 8 good horses.
327 Sixth st. ¦
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. S32 Mission st.
Largest aseortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. »ur-
re-.harnesB.work.dfivlrnr horaea. 15th- Valencia
nOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G 1 ILJUMBSEN&Ca^l4Montgomery.
__________________________—__——————————
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-239 Geary
st., on the square.
CASTRO, S09 — 9 sunny rooms, bath, large
basement, yard, garden. Key at 811.
HOUSE, 1305 Waller st.; 9 rooms, bata and
billiard-room; modern: rent $50.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Po-'t «r.
LOST A.VD FOU.ND.
LOST — At football grounds or between ther»
and the Junction, of Market and Taylor sts.,
a gentleman's purse, containing money and
large diamond ring; also one diamond ehirt
etud. Return to 329 Sansome st. and receive
$300 reward.
LOST — Between Third and Fourth sts.. on
Mission. Monday evening, one bead purse
containing money and receipts and watch;
"Julie Chardon" engraved in back of watch.
Liberal reward at 1141 Vi Mission st.
LOST— Small watch, open-face, with mono-
gram. Washington st. car. between Jones
and Kearny. 1502 Jones; reward.
STRAYED or stolen — Bay horse and cart; t
white hind feet; 7 years old; reward. Re-
turn to 1115 Folsom st.
LOST— Saturday evening, locket, monogramed
"A. R." Return 121 Market St.; reward.
SATURDAY evening, between Powell and Ma-
son sts.. or at Techau Tavern, an umbrella.
gold and porcelain handle. Initials I- M. It.
and miniature head on handle. Finder will
receive reward for the return of same to 020
Hayward building.
LOST — A Masonic emblem and mounted shark's
tooth. Return to Park View Hotel and re-
ceive liberal reward.
LOST — A pair of pearl opera glasses driving
from Presidio to Darlft Finder return to 1303
Stockton St.: receive reward.
LOST — Saturday evening, on Market »t., small
roll of plans. Pleasa return to 390 Pag*
St.; reward.
LOST — Gold watch fob. Return to> 14 Ban-
some st.. room 40; liberal reward.
LOST — Wednesday. Knight Temolar jewel
(watch charm): suitable reward. 210 Cat st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new —^ —itch casea.
MlLLIXERY.
LADIES— 200 stylish hats to select from; leata
sold, must vacate February 1, 1904: save
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
3IISCELI_\NEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont »t.
DOES YOUR ROOB 1 LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iran tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pusips.
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y Co.. 130-132 Beal» st.
A — Fine suits $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny «t..
near Bush; open to 9 P. m. ; Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, neae
Pine; open till a p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-235 Spear st.
2 72x16 HORIZONTAL tubular boilers, front
and all fittings. TRACY ENGINEERING
CO., 131 Fremont et.. San Francisco.
TYPEWRITERS slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter cataloc
gent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men'- shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 30; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO-. 307 Battery st.
FOR sale— Steam boiler. 42x12. Pioneer Tal-
low Works, Seventeenth and Carolina sts.
A VERY flne diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. . \
3 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; all
sizes; new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hartd machirery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG. CO.. S1S> Market at.
MOVING pictures magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Pest st.
MILES of pipe and flttln?a: all slies. EC-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 103
Montgomery st. - _______________
SAFES— New and second hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. -
i All bargains ;camp stools and chairs :hammocka.
i metal beda.raattre3srj.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
! Edison phonographs records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launchos :
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER - CO.. 110 Montg y.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 page*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 pr year.
MISCELLANEOUS AVA.T T9.
WANTED — For "fnele Tom's Cabin" show,
four large dogs. Dunes or mastiffs; also don-
key. Apply Central Theater.
I WANTED — I-urgiar-proof safe. LICHTEN-
STEIN BKCS.. 23 Stockton st.
! BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market st.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
! I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
I clothing: send postal. MORRIS. 870 FoUom.
' TILTON wants good second-hand clothlr.g and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jes^la 2S51.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton st : phone Bush 434.
, OFFICES ASP STORES TO LET.
'. STORE with large basement: below Kearny
( «t.; rent $20. Apply 636 Clay st. room L
___B_t_S_9^_$3&f£affiMI'_£Afo_«»£s£&fl____i
. HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-C38 Clay et.
Phone Main 6S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor . Agents.
1902 we gave 1903 we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 men work.
ARIZONA
ARIZONA „__-._.»
OREGON. NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass
On Every Train.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen. _
Farmers and orchard hands. $30. $35. $40 and
found; milkers. $30 to $50 and found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs. $30 to $C0.
S€5 wcodchoppers.
2S7 t!emakers.«
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines ana
ranches city and country. $3O to $70 found.
Waiters, city and country. $25 to S45 found-
Butchers different jobs, $40 to $90 found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country,
many In San Francisco. $2 25.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and e3S Clay at.
COAL OREGON FREE FARE.
MINERS OREGON $3 to $5 day
MURRAY & READY. C34 and 636 Clay St.
MAN and wife, man as waiter, wife as cham-
bermaid. $50 and found; 2 coatmakers; track
foreman.
OLD MEXICO— FREE FARE.
Carriage trimmer, boss here, good wages.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SHORT order cook, country. .$12 week and
found, south: carpenter. Jobbing work. $3 to
$3 W> day; 12 cabinetmakers, country. $3 to
$3 60 day; gang edgerman, lumber company,
$C5 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay gt.
COOK and wife: small mine; good steady job:
$70 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
10 . carpenters, large company, country, long
job. $3 50 day.
4 carpenters, country. $3 60 day and found.
SPECIALS.
Married laborer, man for laboring, wife to
cook for 8 men. $56 and found.
Cook and wife, mine camp. $70 and found.
B plow teamsters, farms, $30 and found.
Butter maker, city, $60: choreboy, private
place, $10 and found; cook, country hotel, $40
and found; houseman, private residence, $20
and found; lunch counter waiter. $35 and
found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay tt.
NEW WORK.
CHEAP FARES.
15 teamsters, $75.
10 laborers. $07 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520— Sacramento St. — 520
Phone Main 1191 Corner Leldesdorff «t.
COAL MINERS — NEW MEXICO.
COAL MINERS — OREGON — FREE FARE.
6 tunnelmen. cheap fare. $60 and found.
10 laborers, cheap fare, $2 25 day.
CHICO, BUTTE CO.— HALF FARE— SHIP
POSITIVELY TO-NIGHT.
80 2 and 4 horse teamsters, long Job. $2 25
and $2 50 day; ship to-night; call early.
Assistant gardener, near city. $20 and found.
8 laborers, quarry, near city; cook, city;
waiter, city; woodchoppera. tlemakers.
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU, 17 Fourth st.
10 drillers, city, steady work, $2 25 day.
Rockmen and hammersmen, city, $2 25 day.
Common laborers, city, $2 per day.
AT "E. & B." R. R. Labor Agency.
C38 Commercial st.
Free Fare — Free Fare.
SO tunnel men, $2 50 to $3 day.
60 muckers and drillers, $2 to $2 50 a day.
100 laborers. $2 a day.
Long job; eight months' work.
Free fare — Ryndon, Neva'da.
"E. & B.'^R. R. LABOR AGENCY,
633 Commercial st.
BUTLER. $35 and found; fruit farmer and
wife; choreman and 'wife to cook for miners.
$00 and found; man about place, $35 and
found; oysterman. $40 and board, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacramento st.
A COACHMAN willing to do gardening: $40
and found: references required. Call at MISS
! PLUXKETTS. 425 Sutter s,t., near Powell.
A VALET for one gentleman: references nec-
essary. Apply MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter
St.. near Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
Cook, country hotel; $60.
FIRST-CLASS accountant, up-to-date on mod-
ern system; not over 35 years old: give ex-
perience and references; application confi-
dential; salary not less than $100: would
rather pay more for right man; want a man
with enap and good judgment as position
requires executive ability. Box 4704, Call.
WANTED— Flrst-class assistant structural
steel work draughtsman; $4 per diem; a
competitive examination will be held for the
above position December 2, 1903. For ap-
plication and further information address
••Commandant, Navy Yard, Mare Island,
Cal."
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letter home
evenings, $9 50 week: send addressed enve-
lope for particulars. Manager Dept. S 4, box
1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
BUSHELMAN for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter St..
EXPERIENCED glove cutter; steady work.
415 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced stock boy on cloaks
and suits. KARON'S.- 762 Market st.
BARBER wanted. 1205 Flllmore st.
i BARBER shop fcr sale. 2C9 East St.; tran-
.slent trade; $75; snap.
WANTED — Strong boy with experience as
helper en bread in bakery- HI Larkln st.
BOOTBLACK wanted for country. Apply 111
Ellis st.
WANTED — A waiter at 211 Grant ave.
WANTED — A man familiar with toys. Apply
Schlueter's. 115S Washington et.. Oakland.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 25c. 50c
and 60c while you wait at 563 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st. ?
GERMAN; steady: references; tend bar; wine
business; useful: married preferred; call
afternoon. 15 City Hall square. "
STRONG boy at Hermann Safe Co., Iron de-
partment. 307 Battery st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes en earth. 11
Third st.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
MEN to learn the barber trade. Inquire at
611 Commercial st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps. abl»-
bcdled unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, on land In our
Island possessions, and at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cat., and
401 K St.. Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Active advertising and Insurance
solicitors on new proposition; sells on Us own
mepit; exclusive territory to good agents;
good compensation. Call from 9 to 10 a. m.,
suite ,10, Columbian bldg., 916 Market st.
WANTED— Boys from 10 to IS years; height
5 feet 4 Inches and over, to join a social mili-
tary rifle corps; regulation uniform and drill
Apply S. SZANIK. 473 Valencia St.. any
evening between 6 and 8 o'clock.
WANTED — Fancy goods and notion man to
go to Stockton; one capable of managing
department; state age. experience and salary
expected. Apply box 3440.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at room 14
fifth floor, 305 Larkin st.. for free informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc. •
day or evenings.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade In two
months and secure good positions; catalogue
mailed free. MOLER System College 633
Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to SOc per night.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money, F. PERSOV
477 and 47S Parrott building.
STRONG school boy to carry mornlns paper;
south Market St.; no Sunday work. Room 8,
1508 Market st.
BARBER shop; a snap; sunny living rooms;
rent $15; owner Quitting business. 1S41
Geary st.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
A PRACTICAL cutter of good appearance. Ap-
ply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 040 Market st.
BRUSHMAKERS wanted; also boy. 1603 Mis-
sion st., near Twelfth.
BARBER trade taught In 5 weeks. Address
W. C. B.. 647 Commercial st.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School. 74IA Howxni it.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40 Phelaa
bldg. Past Com. Qeo. H. Thomas Po-t. G. A. R.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
FOR SALE— Barber shop. 2 chairs. 3 living
rooms, with or without furniture; rent Sis*
don't miss this. Particulars 257 Fourth st.'
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar"
ket— 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rootns-
fxee 'bus and baggage to and from feny.
This poor man — rest his soul In peace! —
"Will soon be naught but bones and grease.
He oft was told by folks at home
The fate he'd meet should he so roam.
When books will tell of savage climes
Where heathens carry spears at times.
It is much safer thus to learn
And not be roasted to a turn.
The Call's ad columns fevery week
Of bookstores tell in which to seek
For travel tales — and thus you know
On journeys you by proxy go.
» " . **New Orleans and Galveaton now export
more wheat than New York.
The degree of heat sufficient to pro
duce arc light carbons, or graphite, is
not nearly great enough for >the for
mation of crystals. It requires a tem
perature of approximately 6000 degrees
to produce very small artificial dia
monds, and when nature made i those
in her famous diamond beds a heat of
probably not less than 10,000 degrees
was utilized in the process. ¦
The purpoae, then, of the electric fur
nace in the electro-chemical production
of diamonds is to obtain as high a de
gree of temperature as possible. The
electric furnace is an exceedingly slm*
pie and at once a clever device for pro
ducing high temperatures. In its sim
plest form it consists merely of an
electric arc light joined between two
carbons of large diameter, the heat of,
which is concentrated in a little cruci
ble of graphite.
Of . course, the light of the arc has
nothing to do with the chemical pro
cesses evolved in the crucible, whether
it is employed in the manufacture of
aluminum-silexicon or crystallized
carbon, but it is the terrific heat ema
nating from the arc that consummates
the operation.
It consists of an iron casing having a
lower block of carbonate of lime consti- 1
tutlng the body of the furnace. The
reason carbonate of lime is used is that
it is not apt to split under the intAnaa
GREAT HEAT NEEDED.
Graphite is found in nature in large
quantities, and it may be 'prepared
artificially by dissolving charcoal in
melted iron, and when this mixture has
cooled graphite will be deposited; all
forms of carbon which are neither dia
mond nor graphite are called amor
phous carbon, meaning simply that
they are not crystallized. Amorphous
carbon may be obtained easily by!
burning wood in a kiln, the resultant
product being charcoal, or coal may be
fused in a retort, the product being
coke; if coke is powdered and mixed
with molasses and baked in a furnace
the form of carbon used for arc lights
results; the temperature required for
obtaining this kind of carbon is very
low— a degree ranging from 50 to 200
centigrade being quite sufficient.
A curious anomaly relating to graph
ite is that it is one of the best lubri
cators known for machine bearings,
whereas carbon, its predecessor, and
diamond, its successor, are both so
hard and shan> either would cut a
steel shaft to pieces in a few seconds.
In fact, graphite is so soft that it will
leave a mark on paper and is used In
the manufacture of lead pencils.
CONCEBNING GRAPHITE.
Hard, upon the announcement from
Paris of the marvelous qualities of ra
dium and Its value for testing the gen
uineness of diamonds comes a cable
gram stating that making real dia
monds artificially by tlectrldty is a
success. These manufactured stones
are not base imitations, but genuine
diamonds made under the same condi
tions that nature employs, that is,
heat and pressure, and these absolutely
essential factors are obtained by means
of the electric furnace. It is also true
that they are not large diamonds.
Professor Henri Moisson of the Uni
versity of Paris, famous for his re
searches in electro-chemistry, has at
last been rewarded in his attempts to
reproduce the crystallized gem of na
ture so highly valued by connoisseurs
and so much sought after by society.
The manufacture of diamonds by the
electric furnace process Is directly due
to Lavolssier, who showed conclusively
that the diamond waa merely crystal
lized carbon, just as glass Is crystal
lized sand. "When this deduction had
been made by Lavoissier and had been
proven by a complete physical demon
stration, electro chemists set to work
in earnest to devise the same conditions
under which the gems were produced
by nature.
It is well known that the diamond is
but another form of carbon, and as it
is easy to obtain carbon, since it oc
curs in combination in nearly every
thing in nature, including vegetable
and animal life and their fossil re
mains, it would seem not unreasonable
to find a method to obtain the diamond
artificially.
When carbon is found uncombined
with other substances it occurs in three
very different forms, namely (1) as the
diamond, (2) as graphite or plumbago
and (3) as amorphous carbon. When
the diamond is found in the celebrated
beds of Borneo, Sumatra, Brazil or the
Cape of Good Hope it is covered with
an opaaue layer before Its beautiful
properties appear.
Parisian Produces Gem
So Highly Valued by
Connoisseurs.
MAKES DIAMONDS
BY ELECTRICITY
By multiplying the amperes by the
volts we get the total amount of elec
trical energy In watts. Now, there are
547 watts in a horsepower, and a sim
ple calculation shows that a current
equal to sixty-seven horsepower is con
sumed in generating heat sufficient for
the making of a diamond.
A cavity Is formed In the lower block
for. the crucible, which is made of
molded carbon. In the earlier experi
ments of Moisson retort carbon was
used, but it was found that the intense
heat converted the carbon Into praph
ite, causing it to swell out of shape.
The crucibles are about three Inches
high and four inches in diameter. When
the crucible is set into position In the
hollow block of lime the carbons.
placed horizontally, are directed
through the furnace over the mouth of
the Crucible. The.se carbons are two
inches in diameter and are capable of
carrying a current of 1000 amperes at
500 volts' pressure..
CRUCIBLES OF CARBON.
"Attlcus, a Roman blbliophilist, tralnefi
a large number of slaves to the especial
duty of merely transcribing. There were
five readers for each 100 trained writers
in different apartments, and 500 copies of
a short poem or small book could be pro
duced rapidly and at little cost, less by
far than the boasted powers of the press
with all our modern appliances in the art
of printing. These shorthand slaves could
produce in twelve hours 500 copies of a
poem equal in extent to Tennyson's
'Enoch Arden' and Its accompanying
poems, and for this work they received
one pound of a kind of common corn each,
with a small allowance of wine. This
kind of 'feed* would not go with stenog
raphers of the present day. We have
a fair and healthy scale of prices for our
work and we receive it or we don't work."
heat and because it can be obtained in
solid blocks of large size.
COPYING BOOKS.
"The Assyrians came nearer to the
printing press than did the Egyptians,
for they discovered and practiced a meth
od of rapidly multiplying their writings,
using engraved seals, consisting of cylin
ders from which any number of impres
sions could be made. Naturally intellec
tual advancement was rapid with the In
troduction of 'circulating documents,
books and papers.* for the reading class
was then only the wealthy, even in the
best days of Roman civilization. The
assembled intellect heard the news at the
Olympian games and in the Athenian
theater. ,
WORK OF EDUCATED SLAVES.
"Cicero's shorthand reporters were the
beginning of the stenographic art. without
which we could not get along very well in
this age of newspaperlng. Cicero's plan
called only for the taking down and copy
ing of the proceedings of the Senate by
educated slaves, and these copies were
sent out. Cicero worked on the same plan
of gaining popularity as do the statesmen
who send out the Congressional Record,
public documents and garden seed, and ha
was unquestionably a pretty shrewd poli
tician. It is gratifying, however, to sten
ographers of the present day to know
that we are not slaves as were the writers
and shorthand reporters of those days.
True we have frequently long hours and
laborious work, but one of our profession
will earn more in a single day than did
the ancient reporters in a whole year. It
was. unquestionably, the system of slav
ery which was the bane of ancient civili
zation and the primai-y cause of its ruin.
Capital owned labor; therefore, labor was
cheap and without dignity. Authors dined
upon rarities costing thousands of dol
lars in the case of a single meal, while his
slaves who produced bis books were near
ly starved. The only cost involved in the
production of a book was the sustenance
of the servile writers and embellishers.
Publication was carried on Ju3t as a
plantation was worked In the days before
the war. The largest books, with the
most beautiful and expensive bindings,
could be produced at a far less cost in
dollars and cents than they can be made
in this day. And the same reasons which
prevented modern Improvements in tha
old slave-holding States prevented the in
troduction of the printing press as an or
gan of ancient civilization.
"Julius Caesar, bidding for popularity in
his first consulate, caused th» proceedings
of the Roman Senate to be published
dally, and these reports were taken down
by trained writers, who were called tabu
laril, being what we to-day style report
ers. These reporters were probably only
rapid writers using the ordinary charac
ters. The reports were revised and edited
before their exposure to the public eye,
and were then circulated even in the dis
tant provinces— Just the same as the Con
gressional Record is now ser.t to the con
stituents of members of our Congress.
Prior to this time the great annals of
the lawmakers were written on tablets
and placed in a room of the pontiff, where
they were accessible to the public. The
people had to go to the 'newspaper,' and
it was not delivered at their homes as
now. This room of the pontiff was a
general reading room, reminding one of
the periodical room of the Congressional
Library.
"Why the ancients had no printing
presses it has been difficult for students
to decide, for they had the material for
making them and paper and pa/chment
for printing, and then, as now, there was
a heavy and growing demand for reading
matter. It was not until the material for
writing changed that' there was much
progress in the matter of spreading the
news. The decalogue was written upon
tablets of stone; the Athenian record, now
known as the 'Parian Chronicle,' was en
graved upon tablets of marble, and next
we find inscriptions on thin plates of
metal and on the broad leaves of certain
plants, on sheets formed of woyf/i texture
from the bark of trees and on the skins
of animals. These heavy and cumbrous
'volumes' were as difficult to handle as
the iron money imposed upon the Spar
tans.
"It was eminently proper that wr should
place a tablet over the grave of Thomas
Lloyd, the first official stenographer to tha
American Congress." said a veteran of tha
art to a Star reporter, "and I have been
deeply Interested In delving into ancient
history to find out when and where short
hand reporting was first Introduced. Even
before the days of printing presses Cicero
introduced a -system of shorthand report
ing, called the Tyronean method, from
Tyro, a freedman. who was one of
Cicero's most expert writers. That even
at that early date systems of shorthand
writing— stenography— came into general
use for certain purposes, and that the
methods were very effective, we may in
fer from a passage in Horace, who. when
addressing a shorthand writer, says: 'You
write in such a manner that you will
have no occasion In four whole years to
ask for another sheet of parchment.'
CAESAB'S STENOGRAPHERS.
Proceeding of Senate Taken
in Mystic Characters by
Caesar's tcibes.
Research Shows That It
.Was in Use in Time
of Cicero.
STENOGRAPHY
IN EARLY DAYS
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1903.
15
SIOXEY TO LOAN.
A VA— HERMAN MURPHT.
691-4aB-<01 Examiner building.
' Quick BfctSltncatBJ BO disappointment.
6a\e fiwr.wj ty dealln* directly.
EeUtec tecutid ir.r.rtKajce?. undivided Inter*
. ens BMignnientf or ;^nt», property in trust.
«-tc. : legacies, life *•*¦**• and undivided In-
terest* in property P-W* 1 **^;
Courteous treatment Strictly conndent'.at.
; When You N<^d Mon-y
• Fee HERMAN Jklt-RrHJT.
AIiVOCnCsTT'n fur-U'Jre and piajios without
remotml* to pennanent salaried K-opie cn
their rote -rtttaut security or knowledge of
«>— plover' lo***t rate*! no commlKsion. NA-
tYoNAlVhkPIT CO.. CS ar.d t» Doaohoe
' huliainir. H70 5 " 1 !*^*^ ¦
ETRXCTX.T , -ONFIPENTIAL LOANS on fur-
ttixore p'an 1 * or to e a 1 *- r led people cn their
! ote- |V. per treatment Kuarantepd. ILLINOIS
TRU6T CO r 1'-. Phelan bid., tel. Main 70».
HIGH I Y "'' • ¦'» lV; ' private place to obtain
literal advance* on diamond?, jewelry, at
'lowest rates. l-«ldwin Jewelry Store. 648
Vsrki* -¦ '•' Mam 1644. Branrh. 1U Third.
J:ONK V " I ta Parted people, retail mer-
n^5t«r». lK»rdlng-hr.u5.-s without
security e**-i payment*; !arges» business in
«r>Y • '-5. Tolrnan. S53 Parrott bldg.
X-—1 v- c nt cn furn|t «r« or piano; no remov-
fc - ; . r. :>.:>-si.>n, no publlcity;$25 up; quick.
. • >-r.-1«T!tial. 2C Montgomery, rm. 7.
jj_ JAOOBSEJS & OO.. room CZl.Kmma Spreck-
«¦•» tu::^.i|f loans money on real estate and
all <; - ! "-'"urines; confidential; lew rates.
MTNICII'AL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS TROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONET to loan cn low Interest; ecld. silver.
Aizmcr.6; pearls and precious ftcnes bought
at IV. J. HESTHALS. 10 Sixth ft.
TO salaried people without security : cn furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other security. 8. F.
. Disrrar.t Agency. 143 Phelan building.
YOU csn borrow more money cn your furniture !
than ar.y other place in city; no commission.
C12 I'arrott building; phone South 655.
XT J^«est rates on furniture and pianos ; strict
• prl racy; no commission: installments accepted.
BONgLU 301 Eddy. Consrrvatory building.
OPEN Credit A«s'n. loang on salaries cocflden-
tially; new, simple plan. Room 50. 819 Market.
JklOXEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W. 1
MILLER, room 74. Sth floor. Chronicle bldg.
2<* ON furniture & pianos; $13 up; no removal.
V. TliEMAlN. room PI. 6 Eddy »t.. floor 4.
1 FEU cer.t on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Saving* Bank bldg.. 70S Market su
ALL loans on diamonds aad Jewelry 2 per cent !
1110. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. K8 Kearny. I
fTAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
• c&Iarled employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned ealaried people on notes without
lr.1or*er. MORFTLL. C09 Examiner bl<!g.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist fcr all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post et.
MRS. tR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
rr.ale iroub'es and irregularities; instant re-
lltf guaranteed. I0(*V» Market st.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAfS female p'Mf. best regulating pills |
aoid: ;irie« (2 50 by express. Pasteur's |
• eyrlsge and tablets ; price $2 50. By express
only cn receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
IjR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
" -:r. trouble consult thlt specialist on female
coropliint*: pocltively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped: the mcft difficult cas^s treated;
advice free. Office. 10I> Market ft.
Vrr-. QoodwtB, 7.'i3 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaint*: lnst. relief;
mairaent $10; hours. U to 5; U5 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
trocIaliFt; a private home before and during
loif.nenient; beet medical care; low fees.
. VH Er.d MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
cr.p'.niil method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR.'P.CSEN r*?ides 2KP5 Folsom et.. cor. 215th;
:*.>Me. priief cr no fee; $10.
¦m NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
I'r.ion gquar*: all dlgeagi^ rur^d by herbs.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
KENT a piano Tor $3 per month; we allow six
rcof.fcB' rental of the purchase price if you
vista 10 buy; th.s gives you six months' trial
cf the instrument for nothing; It the piano
r^ntt-d <1.x>e r.nt ru't we allow the rental on
a.ny Instrument In cur stores; -with such goods
at thi> MrPhaJl of Boston, the Schiller and
ojr can make to select from we can ruar-
¦Ctee aatlsfacticn to every one ia Quality, .
jrict- and terms. £>e the Scott-Curtax
"Bijou," the emsil'cFt full pcale piano in San
Franci*^.. POjTT-CUFiTAZ PIANO CO.,
MMB-61 Hayt* ft.
AU. upright! on cur bargain slate to-day —
• <~.>i!ard. &>.'>: Filsher. $5y; Sherman & Hyde.
IKiO; WeUr. f'.'>; Ki:nt>a:i. $115; Mansfield &
¦ • Notni, f 12S; Hayues. ?1.V): American. $1C5;
ChicJ;<?r:r.g. 5H7; Emerson. $172; Miller.
flT5: 2 BielacvayB, large and small size. $1K3
«nd t~>ij; Heine, large style, slightly used, j
t '-' Rent* t'2 up. apply on purchase; in- '
"etalln-.ente *4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235- |
237 <5*ary Et. ; O&kland branch, Fifteenth and ]
Uroaiway. old P. O. Bidg. Largest exc!u-
f!v? wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
UNTIL- December 1 we phall cfTer special In-
ducements to cash buyers on all pianos and j
email soods now in Mock. \v> are special i
agfnti for the celebrated Behr Bros, and I
liaumelst^r pianos. i.;.M payments for those I
' who desire. Ca!l and see. THE ZENO i
MAUVAIS MUPIC CO.. 7O Market et.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $30 j
. up. including such :•-*.•> as Checkering.
Vose. Kro^p*r. Curtaz. Kirkham Peaee.
Harfiman. Marshall & Wendell, Baus and
others. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
ic-11 st. No branches la San Francisco.
BAND Instruments: P. B<*son. Parts, maker; '
Gu« Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 OFarrell;
• cki'.lful repairing; 2d-har.d instruments sold.
.A MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey organ,
two tar.kc of keys and pf-dal bass; cost I'Ui;
your own price. BOWERS & PON. 11 Mason.
ALMOST nfw upright; cheap: cash or inatall-
ment. ECHMITZ ¦&: CO.. 16 McAllister st.
EEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Eteinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe'e,2S5 O'Farrell.
A RARE chance; a Hornung Bros.' upright;
little used: must be eold. 216 McAllister et.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt I
choa;-'. Whitehead Storage. 1636 Market st.
-EOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
. player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Pott st.
SUPERIOR violin*, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. mak«T. rralrer. 2 Latham place.
PERSONALS.
A SPECIAL KATE.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have made prices ta since Jan.
1. 1&O3. and for the ensuing So days only, I will
cake a liberal reduction from ait prices for my
*;-- .a: and inimitable deep-wrlnkie treatment.
The lady who has been on exhibition for some
time past in the drugstore windows may be seen
at my office this week from 10 to 5, in order to
•.ccoorsiodate thone who have requested to ex-
iunlne the face more thoroughly in private.
. I tearn my profession. M. EX.LA HARRIS.
7S1 O'Farrtll st.. near Larkln.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores trray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cure* dandruff
and Itching ecalp; no etaln or stickiness;
cleanae* *calp;at druggists'. hairdresser*'; ac-
• ctpt r.o substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1308 Polk
WRINKLES and ail facial blemishes removed
by r.fw Parisian method; superfluous hair re-
moved by electrolysis; leseona given in man-
icuring; terras n-asonable. MME. H. EAST-
WOOD, r. 7P2. Alto bldg.. Bush and fCearay.
'NOT how ch^ap but bow pood is the motto of
th* manufacturer* of the Rapid Rotary
Htandard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent, 1021 Market at.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
aSdress Central Pharmacy. £51 Grant ave.,
comer Sutter et. ; fe* moderate.
iJUVNKENNESS morphine and all drugs dis-
«*¦•** positively cured by Wfllow Bark Co..
1*38 Polk St.; consultation free; call or write.
AT leg, than cost uncalled for suits, overcoats
&r.<J rrouill at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Taller. 721 Market «l
CATARRH, asthma and bronchial trouble*
cwrtd a . home; free treatment for one week.
. Addr'** TZrr.plre Medicine Co.. 707 Minna St.
LIQUOIi !_.-.\:t cured in 2 days or uo charges;
CutrnnitK!. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 987 Mar-
ket st. T r,, m 203.
ELEGANT ru:u on ea*jr installment*; 50 cents
and up per We< . k LEON LEMOS. 112T
Market t\ . _bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING TuftiJar Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs . T«-utohla Hall Howard St.. nr.
»th: Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ANDERSON— nifjrart theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes r«r.ted. 26 O'Farrell «t-
ET'ITS to order on installments. $1 X*r week.
Neuhau? & Co . merch.tallors.727-729 Market.
EfPERFX-UOT'S hair & moles removed by «lec-
tric neeglt;. Dr. 4 Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market. >
THE best place to buy good umbrellas cr
have them covered «,r repaired is 120 Stocktcn
TAILOR-MADE rult ?7 &0; drees pants $2 50.
_Mieflt Clothlnir I'arlor. cor. Bush and Dupont.
MARQCKR/DE cGFtumes. play bocks. wIrs.
country orders. GOLDPTE1N A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFnEDUM'B Egyptian Henna restores gray
hajr to Us natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Ffcperfluous hair an3 mnle* "removed with eleo-
irtc needle. Mrs. & Miei Eaton, 111* Sutler.
R^AL^^E^TATE— CITY-— FOR SALE.
CRftDIT AUCTION.
CREDIT AUCTION.
CREDIT AUCTION.
CREDIT AUCTION. g
CREDIT AUCTION. -^.
TIIURSDAYj-T^jV. 10. 1003.
AT 12 M. -
VOX KHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.,
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
WITOOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE.
1-5 CASH, REMAINDER IN 1, 2. AXD 3 YRS.
INTEREST 0 PER CENT.
I>erl«adero lot; 34x103:1%; east line of De-
risadero, C3 ft. south of Union; splendidly
adapted for residence or modern flats.
Grpen-st. lot; superb marine view; 34:1^4x
137:6;. south line of Green; 103:1% eait of
Devlsaiero.
¦ r~ M a Si TERMS tSO
\ |H tf PER LOT u
J * 3° a £ . (137) G
n|5 4(i's)2&; £ REMAINDER AT-. 2
£{3 S ' X8 : a $10 PER MONTH. H
£3 6 ~gn £ INTEREST G% *
*- i £H_: rf X4^ST t CA.R3 2
C * 8 *3 : 5 WITHIN OHt 61001 S
3ja 9 g^l vi ALL LINES TRAKS- 2
< : 10 sow. : S rz* to 24Tt.st »j
*S n soAl j car...,. s
1 II I S6X4T5 • .*
Op} q q A J
lifh»i»iUili?»i| r |j Mnlutt.l t. In
(t7th.) fUgiPOJA «5t. |u
i SOLD /I 1
5 (17+) / 1
g JS .*/*OLD -D g
§ A/ *» *. P
Ej; ¦ * *$/ WHOLE
/ % -CAiM < 2=
55 < / /» H C O
§ /^ST.CARS WITHIN $
ti ' / ONE &LOCI\ '.. g
p * ALL UNCS TRANSFER S
5 g TO 24T»STCAR3... .S3
£ * l Wi
P (18tll)«3OLArlO c>T "
ALSO THE FOLLOWING LOTS:
BOxlOO-W. line of ArkaDiu, comuienclns!
350 ft. S. of Colusa (Twentj-slxth »t.)
60xl0(V-W. line of Connecticut, commenc-
ing; 466 ft. S. of Colusa or Twenty-sixth.
75xl«V-E. Hn« of Michigan, commencing!
200 ft. S. «f Colusa or Twenty-sixth.
100x100— E. line of Miisourl, commencing
B0 ft. S. of Yolo or Twenty-fifth.
25x100— E. line of Arkansas, commencing
200 ft. N of NeTada or Twenty-third.
25x100— N. W. cor. Nerada or Twenty-third
and Connecticut.
COxlOO— W. line of Connecticut, commenc-
ing 50 ft. N. of Nevada or Twenty-third.
75x100— E. line of Connecticut, eommene-'
lag 100 ft. N. of Nerada or Twenty-third.
i 97:0x100— E. line of Connecticut, cora-
1 mencing 850 ft. N of NeTada or Twenty-third.
100x100— W. line of Mlssonrl, commencing
100 ft. N. of Nerada or Twenty-third.
50x100— N. W. cor. Missouri and NeTada'
or Twenty-third.
50x100— E. line of Connecticut, commencing
100 ft. south of NeTada or Twenty-third.
60x100— E. line of Connecticut, commenc-
ing 200 ft. S. of NeTada or Twenty-third.
60x100— Wi line of Missouri, commencing:
100 ft. 8. of NeTada or Twenty-third.
50x100 — W. line of Missouri, commencing
200 ft. S. of NeTada or Twenty-third.
COxlOO— E. line of Missouri, commencing
60 ft. 8. of Nerada or Twenty-third.
50x100— E. line of Texas, commencing 100
ft. N. of NeTada or Twenty-tblrd.
48:8^x100— E. lln« of Mississippi, com-
mencing 125 ft. N. of NeTada or Twenty-:
third. :
25x100—8. E. cor. Texas and NeTada or'
Twenty-third.
25x100— E. line of Texas, commencing 25.
ft. S. of Nevada or Twenty-tblrd.
100x100— K. line of Texas, commencing 300
ft. N. of Yolo or Twenty-fifth.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooms — $2900.
6 rooms — $3250.
f> rooms — $3500.
6 rooms — $3600.
7 rooms — $4100.
8 rooms— $4600.
Located on First and Second ave., bet.
Geary and McAllister et. cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
$50.000— 8-STORY pressed brick and basement
building in the very center of Oakland; lease
for five years under guarantee lease; paying
owner C per cent net on $50,000. Address
Owner, box S43, Call office, Oakland.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 0 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker buildlnsr.
FINE income flats on Fulton, nr. City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton at., owner.
FOR bargains in city property, call on
ROTHERMEL & CO., CO" California st.
FOR sale — SE. corner of Vicksburg and Ellz-
abeth: lot 50x114: $2400. 253C Howard st.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE Country — For Sale.
AT a sacrifice; must be sold: 20 acres In Ala-
xneda County, 18 acres in 6-year-old vineyard,
choice wine Krapes; some fruits; all in high
state of cultivation; comfortable house and
outbuildings; owing to recent death of owner
the widow will sell for $3300, Including per-
sonal property. H. H. CRaNE, 608 Cali-
fornia st.
$15,000 — 170 1-3 ACRES one mile south of
Yountville, Napa County: vineyard, hay and
grain farm: 80 acres under cultivation, bal-
ance fine forett; 7 springs and running
stream. Sale by GEORGE F. VOLZ, 7C2
Fulton st.. City.
FOR farms, orchard and vineyard lands, stock
ranches and timber lands, call on or addrem;
for catalocue, . ROTHERMEL & CO., 507
Calif orr la et _
ALFALFA lands, stock ranchek, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cat*-
Icgues sent free, C, M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market et.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
¦
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
S80O CASH, Jf 15 monthly; a new 2-story house
of 8 rooms; barn: summer-house; immense
oaks, laurel and other trees; a large creek
through the grounds; good well of water: 10
lots, 250x115; grand soil and no better cli-
mate in California: one can make a good liv-
ing cn this place; no winds or fogs and one
of the mart delightful spots you ever saw;
adjoining East Oakland; price, in all, $2800;
if you can use thia property it is one of the
best you can have; call or send for circular,
455 Seventh St., opp. Kroadway station. Oak-
land: carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
$50.000 — Three-story, pressed brick and I base-
ment building in the very center of Oak-
land; lease for five years under guarantee
lease;* paying owner 0 per cent net on $50,000.
Address Owner, box 843, Call Office, Oakland.
SPECIAL bargains — Two fine flats, rented for
$50 per month; price only $4700; good loca-
tion; also a fine 4-room cottage, with bath;
only tlObO. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 468 Tenth
»t.. Oakland. Cal. ' -
OAKLAXD ROOMS TO LET.
VENDOME AND GRAND HOTELS,
955L& Washington and 510 Ninth sts.. Oak-
land; furnished rooms en suite or single' with
or without board; special rates to families.
OAKLAND FURNITURE ,. FOR . SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. 11. .Schellhaaa, 11th st.cor.Btore.Oaklnd-
PALM. fcTUY.
MME. DEVAS. rclentiflc palmist and astrolo-
glst; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
preas. $1 ; <-,pen Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post st
rROF.\VALKER.palmlst,medlum.tells of Io7e|
marriage. lav.-.business. etc. 935ViHoward,r. 9.
H - JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 513
Taylor St.. near Ceary. Phone Black 5U1.
PAI'ERHAXGIXU. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS rawr«>d. $3 60 up; tinting, painting.
Hartrr.ar.n Paint Co., 319 3d »t.; tM. Main 413.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS^
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
I(£lta Market Et., 'bet. Cth.and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BIjOOD. skin and recta! diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073»4 Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG~HIM. herb doctor"
treats all diseases ct the human body; for
i:ast four years at 113-117 Masjn; now lo-
cated at CC7 Gesry «t.. near Leaveaworth.
DH. TO.VG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by t;i»« of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONG, 719 Post St.; all diseases i
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dla-
fnyps cured by Chingye herbs. 74<3-8 Clay st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. :"furnTtureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
COXKLJN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
. - .
PACIFIC Ptorage and Furniture Moving Com-
1 pany. 2320 Fil!more St.; phone Jackson 231.
I BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
ft.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
cell better machines for less rr.oney than any
house in the city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. J>*i0 California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticular*. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
SD-HAND typewriters sold, rented repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
APOLLO apartments. 526 Eddy — New building,
handsomely furnished 2 and 3 room apart-
ments; every convenience for housekeeping;
reasonable; within & minutes' walk to town.
BIRCIi. 615— Three good unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; $7. Apply €42 Grov st.
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished housekeeping; two
and three. (13 50; single. $4 00.
FILBERT, £26— 2 furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; rent $11; no children.
j FIRST St., 230. near Howard — * cr 5 house-
keeping rooms: business center, rent low.
FOURTEENTH. 726. north of Market— House-
keeping rooms; carpets new.
GEARY place, 2. off Geary St., nr. Taylor— 2
sunny furnished rooms for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1042— Parlor floor of 4
rooms, furnished; use of piano; conveniences
of entire fiat; sunny and pleasant.
JONES. 117 — One. two cr three sunny house-
keeping rooms; reasonable.
MODEL HOUSE. 1206 Stockton et.— Newly fur-
nished rooms, $5-?12; bath, gas, phone.
POLK. 612 — $14; bedroom and kitchen; gas
stove: baths; no children.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1CU«
Valencia st.
IIou«fki»cr Rooms— Apartm't Hoanes.
EL MONTEREY, the city's newest apartment
hotel. located on the north eide of Pine st..
1 j between Hyde and Leavenworth; a superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all
. j the comforts of housekeeping combined with
; ! the conveniences of hotel life; an excellent
i ! grill room in connection; prices very reason-
i j able.
! THE Frederick, 901 Stanyan. opp. Park — Furn.
apartments; prl. bath; steam heater; Janitor.
BOOMS TO LET — HOTELS.
!
. .- zzz . ¦ .
TO- BE OPENED IN A FEW DAYS.
A NEW HOTEL.
HOTEL ORIENTA (European plan), 140
Mason St.. bet. Eddy and Ellis. A new brick
buiiding In the ht-art of the city, close to
prinelptl restaurants, theaters and retail
ttores; magnificently furnished rooms, single
and en guite; hot and cold water; baths;
electric lights: steam heat: telephone In
every room, and an all-night elevator service.
Firtt-clats Hammam baths In connection.
Kates very reasonable. Secure rooms early.
j ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Lufarn.
! A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Bixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
: light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No 1
Fifth ct.)— Rooms 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night:
$1 50 to flO week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1304)— Fur- :
niched rooms, suite, tingle; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721. near Golden Gate ave.—
Sunny front rooms; all conveniences; suita-
ble for 1 or 2; $10. [
GLEN" PARK ave., 20 — Two furnished rooms
to let. cne front, one rear.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room. '.
HYDE. t>10. near Eutter— A large sunny fur-
nlshed room. $10; also small room. $8.
i JESSIE. :$*i3. east U. S. Mint— Furnished room, i
$•; per month: for 2. $8.
LACUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room.
MARKET. 0f(3. the "La Paloma." next door
Hale' s — Nicely furnished rooms from $2 up.
OAK. 20 — Furnished sunny front rooms for
man and wife or 2 gentlemen.
ROYAL House. 12C Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par.
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $-; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
THE COURTLAND. 42 Turk St.; tel. Howard
2S17; neatly furnished rooms, 6Uite & single;
transient solicited. Mrs. M. Balrd, prop.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $C week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
VAN NESS ave., 70*— Sunny front basement
suite and kitchen; also 2 rear basement rms.
WASHINGTON, 1402 — Two nice sunny front
rooms; bath; with or without board: reas.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
r,c to Jl M night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
J ROOMS AXD BOARD.
'¦ s "" s ~*~
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 700.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY MONTH.
MUNGER & ZEBSRG. PROPRIETORS.
STEVENSON mansion. S07 California st. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE adjourned annual meeting of the lot
owners of the Odd Fellowe' Cemetery Asso-
ciation will be held at the office of the as-
sociation on FRIDAY. November 20. 1003, at
8-30 n ro. for such business as may bo
legally brought before it. By order of the
Board of Directors.
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
Ladies! Chlcheater's Englteb Pennyroyal Pills
are best; «afe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies 1
! In letter by return mall. Ask your drucglst.
Chlchetttr Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
SEWlNG~MA~CinNES~ANP~SUPPLIES~.
•7ew"homE sewing machine; this week only:
$10 *15. $20: Kllchtly used: needles 20c do*.
N'Fr'w HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market St.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEA~FNESS~and NOISES in EARS
nr.*itively cured: new method: 1 week's treat-
SSt frcV. Dr. Ccttlnsham. 204 Sutter «t.
¦
g
¥
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BKttKELEY HEAL • ESTATE. '
$2750— NEW, modern 5-r. cottage; lot 40x135;
one block from North Berkeley station.
$G0OO— 3.84 acres on Claremont ave. : choice lo-
¦. cation for fine home.. .,
$1200 — One acre: near new Santa Fe depot;
Addiscn fit. ¦ •
".f 1500-"-l<>4 feet on Grovr st.,- near Parker; this
price for limited time; three factory sites
on railroad. West Berkeley, for sale.
' Large list of houses and lots for sale.
CHENEY & BERRY. P.O. block. Berkeley.
A HOME In Berkeley; new and up to date;
I location the very best; small cash payment,
: remainder installments less than rent. S. F.
and S. Home-building Society. 708 Market
et.. Ban Franclaco.
FR^^? A J^
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
bor Commissioners, Union Depot and Ferry
House. San Francisco, California, Novem-
ber 16. 1903.
Sealed proposals or bids will be received at
this office at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
on Wednesday, December 23, 1902, for the
construction of a section of seawall and
wharf along same to be located between
King and Channel streets on the water
front of the City and County of 8an Fran-
cisco, in accordance with vthe plans I and
Fpeciflcations prepared therefor by the Chief
Engineer of the board and adopted by tt»
board August 27, 1903. and on nle in this
office, to which special reference- Is hereby
made; The work to be done - under these
specifications consists In furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
ing a stone seawall with end embankments
and a wharf. It is estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments will contain
about 90,000 tons of stone; the wharf will
contain 30.060 square feet of wharf sur-
face. This section of the seawall will ex-
tend from the intersection of the northerly
line of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line, nix hundred (COO)
feet northerly along said water front line.
The materials to be used for 5 the construc-
tion of the seawall and end embankments
will consist of stone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by the action of
sea water or air.
Two classes of stone will be recognized.
The first class will Include stone of one or
more cubic feet in fair assortment of sixes
between one and four cublo feet; no objec-
tion will be made to stone larger than four
cubic feet; this class of stone must be fre«
of seams and marked lines of cleavage.
The second class will include stone of less
than one cubic foot. In assorted sizes, but
no stone lees than five pounds will be ac-
cepted at the quarry. ¦»
The materials for the construction of the
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties of first class, close grained. Douglas
yellow fir piles and yellow fir lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought Iron
bolts, spikes, etc., all of the best quality
and subject to a rigid examination.
No bid will be received unless it is made
on a blank form furnished from this office
and Is accompanied by a certified check for
five per cent of the aggregate amount of
the bid, payable to the order of the Secre-
tary of the Board, as a guarantee on the
- part of the successful bidder that he will
within 6ix- (0) days after the acceptance of
the bid enter into a written contract to do
eald work, according to the plans and spec-
ifications prepared therefor, and will also
execute and file with this board a bond in
such sum as the board may deem adequate
with a surety company, to be approved by
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
and conditioned for the faithful performance
of such contract; nor will said bid be con-
sidered by this board unless delivered to the
secretary or to the assistant secretary, at
the office of the secretary, at or prior to
2:15 o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, Decem-
ber 23, 1903, at which time and place the
bids will be oDened.
The board reserves the right to reject any or '
all bids If deemed for the best interest of
the State.
Bidders are Invited to be present atthe onen-
ins of the bids.
CHAS. II.. SPEAR.
. JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK,
J. D. MACKENZIE.
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
> JOHN M. FOY. Secretary.
OFFICE of Superintendent of Construction U
S. Postoffice. Courthouse, etc., 1044 Mission
St., San Francisco, Cal.— Sealed proposals
will be received at the above named office
until January 13. 1904, for the construction
packing, shipping and delivery of the Interior
finish, etc.. of the U. S. legation buildings.
Peking, China, in accordance with drawings
and si>eciflcattons, copies of which may be
obtained at thls> office. '
J. W. ROBERTS. Superintendent.
ASSESSMENT^ NOTICES.
HONOLULU PLANTATION COMPANY— As-
sessment Notice — Honolulu ¦ Plantation Com-
pany, location of principal place of business,
San Francisco, Cal. — Notice is hereby given
that at a meeting of the board of directors
held this 16th day of November A. D. 1003,
an assessment (Number 7) of one dollar
($1 00) per share was levied upon the cap-
ital stock of the corporation, payable im-
mediately to the secretary of the company
at the office of the company. 327 Market
St., San Francisco, State of California. Any
etock upon which this assessment shall re-
main unpaid on the 28th day of December,
1903, will be delinquent and advertised for
sale at public auction, and unless payment
is made before will be sold on the 18th
day of January, 1904, to pay the delinquent
assessment, together with expenses of sale.
H. W. THOMAS.
Secretary of the Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany, 327 Market St., Ran Francisco, Cal.
(Room No. 4, Second Floor). ,
STUTTERING AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market Cure
in every case; Individual teaching; no medl-
' cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures ;home cure.
j MARRIAGE LICENSES. ,
The following marriage licences were Issued
yesterday:
Henry W. Poett. 31. 722 Sutter street, and
Genevieve Carolon. 28, 1714 California street
John F. Byrnes, 26, city, and Annie Deasy,
23, city.
Giovanni Daveggio, 25, 758 Florida street,
and Amablle Casazza, 20, Oakland.
Edward F. Lowdlck, 27, 1717 Green street,
and Elva L. Kotmtz. 23, 114 Sussex street.
Paul R. Relchel. 25. 545 Folsom street, and
Emma S. Mauch. 24, 3710 Sacramento street.
Thomas Comlsky, 32. 354 Third street, and
Susan McNalley, 22. 5 Bowie avenue.
John Duffy. 21. 210 Ninth street, and Annie
L. Rodgers, 21, 1410 Fifteenth street.
Walter J. Rock, 24, 12IW Union street, and
Rose E. Bruton, 23, 1134 Green street.
Edward H. Irwln, 28, 1356 Geary street and
Gertrude G. Holland, 19, 11 Haight street.
Laurlta C. Kasch. -44, 32 Bteuart street, and
Emma Bertels. 40, 2006 Powell street.
Joseph I. Klpi* 33. Broderick, and Grace E.
Hughes. 33. Broderick. .
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHST"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of tbe_nubllcatlon offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN".
BIEBESHEIMER — In this city, November 10,
1903, to the wife of George Blebesheimer, a
son.
DOBSON— In this city, November 2. 1903, to
the wife of John Dobson, a daughter.
DRINKHOUSE— In this city, November 16.
1903, to the wife of F. R. Drinkhouse. a son.
GRIMM— In this city. November 6, 1903, to
the wife of L. R. Grimm, a son.
DIED.
Ahern, John M. Landry, Ross M.
Burnett, Dwight J. Mahony, Mrs. H.
Cronk, Celia Maloney, Susan '
Darcy, Annie - ! McDonald, Elsa C.
Devenny, John - Morrison, Helen
Dolan, Peter M. Muldoon, Bridget
Fitzgerald, Rich. D. Nlchol, Jamc*
Fleming. Vara K. Ohllng, Matilda E.
Frey, Edward W. O'Brien, Robert
Gaudtn, Caroline Paquette, Mary j
Genth. Charles F. ¦ Rasraussen, Anna C.
Grantham. W. D. G. Stevens, John W.
Groezinger. Gottlob Hullivaij, Annie
Hauser, Henry Tlerney. Slater M. H.
Heeb, Philip Varni, Raymond M.
Heinsen, H. E. L. , Zirgelmeyer, Anton
Knowlei, I. G.
AHERN— In this city. November 16. 1903,
John M.. beloved husband of Anne Ahern,
and father of Mary A. and Agnes J. Ahern
of Han Francisco: and J. W. Ahern~of Ba-
kersfleld. Cal., • a native of Mlddletown.
County Cork/Ireland, aged 76 years.
(CT Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral - to-morrow (Wednesday),
at S:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 1308
Laguna street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, where a solemn, requiem high masa will
" be celebrated for ! the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. f
A O. ' H. — Members of Division No. 8, A. O.
H. : You are requested to assemble at 1308
Laguna 1 street to-morrow (Wednesday), at
8 • 15 o' clock, to ' attend the f u neral of our
late brother, John M. Ahern. By order, of
, ~ M. FITZGERALD. President.
M. CAMPION, Secretary
BURNETT— Entered Into rest, November 16,
1903, Dwight J., eldest son of the late Peter
H. and Harriet W. Burnett, and dearly be-
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, near Mission Ban Jose, and thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will bo celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment St. Joseph's Cemetery.
NICHOL — In this city, November 13, 1903.
James, beloved husband of Rose Nlchol, a
native Of Irelana, aged 62 years. A member
ot Riggers' and Stevedores' Union. Local No.
. 222, I L. M. and T. Association.
(CTThe funeral will take place Tuesday,
. November 17, At 10 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street. '• ¦ \
O'BRIEN— In this city. November 15, 1903.
Robert O'Brien, beloved husband of the lata
Catherine O'Brien, and uncle of Mre. P. J.
Kelly and Mrs. J. J. Koopman, a native of
Ireland, aged 73 years 6 months and 6 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his niece. Mrs. P. J. Kelly, 1508
Franklin street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, where a requiem high mass will b«
celebrated for^the repose of his, soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
OHLING— In Oakland, Cal., November 16,
1903, Matilda Elizabeth, beloved wife of
E O. Ohltng, and mother of Mrs. A. E.
Armstrong, a native of - Sweden, aged 67
. years 7 months and 11 days.
PAQUETTE — In'thU city, November 15, 1903,
Mary Laurence, beloved wife of Fred : D.
Paquette. and mother of Freddie ' Roy and
(ETInterment Cypress Lawn Cemetery to-
day (Tuesday), upon the arrival of the 11:20
a. m. train from San Jose. Please omit
flowers.
LANDRY— In tWa city, November 15, 1903,
Rose M.. beloved mother of Rose, Frances
and Irene Landry, and daughter of Patrick
J. and Cassie A. Kilday. and sister of Frank.
Annie and Cassie Kilday, a native of Rock-
lln, Cal., aged 30 years 10 months and 7
daye. (Carson City, New, papers please
copy.)
(C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, 8 Adair street, off Howard, be-
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a requiem
mass will: be celebrated for the repose of
her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MAHONY — In New York City, November 7.
1903. Mrs. M.. beloved wife of the lata
Michael Mahony, and loving mother of Mrs.
P. J. Kindelon- of this city and Edward F.
Mahony of New York, and sister of Mrs.
M. Lavelle and Mrs. M. Rourke.
MALONEY — In thia city, November 16. 1903,
Susan, beloved mother of Ella M. and John
¦J. Maloney, a native of Willlamsburg, N.'Y..
aged 63 years and C months.
McDONALD— In this city. November 15. 1903.
Elsa C, beloved wife of Richard H. McDon-
ald, and mother of Alex B. and Ollbla M.
Charlton, a native of Heidelberg, Germany.
E7"FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, at 10:30 o'clock, at her late
residence, 261 Pierce street. Interment pri-
vate. Kindly omit flowers.
MORRISON— In this city, November 15, 1903.
Helen Morrison, a native of Ireland, aged
€8 years.- ..
MULDOON— In Mission San Jose, Cal., No-
vember 16, 1903, Bridget, beloved wife of the
late James Muldoon, and mother of James
and Hugh Muldoon, Mrs. Mary Eagan, Mrs.
Ella Harrington and Mrs. Julia O'Leary, a
native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 72
years.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late "resi-
dence. 1535% Howard street. Interment Na-
tional. Cemetery, Presidio.
FLEMING— In ,thH city, November 18, 1903,
Vara E. Fleming, wife of W. J. Fleming,
and dearly beloved mother of Winfred, Ma-
bel. Alice. Louise, Genevieve and Elsie
Fleming, and sister of Mrs. R. H. Duncan
and Lymon A. Comstock, a native of Fort
Wayne, Ind., aged 50 years 4 months and 10
days. (Oregon City papers pleaae copy.)
C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
to-day (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
mortuary chaoel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery by carriage. - "
FREY— In this city. November 16. 1903, 'Ed-
ward "W. Frey. beloved so"h of Charles and
Anna Frey, and brother of Charles Rudolph
Frey of Los Angeles and Mrs. Frank B.
Hinkelbeln of San Jose and Mrs. L. E.
Marsh of Kan Farncisco, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years 4 months and 18
days. (San Jose and Los Angeles papers
please copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services
Wednesday, at 1:30 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of his parents. 3326 Eighteenth street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GAUDIN— In Fruitvale, Cal.. November 16,
. 1903, Caroline Gaudln, a native of France,
aged 70 years.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking par-
lors of Beaudry & McAvoy, S73 Washing-
ton street. Interment Mountain View Cem-
etery. Please omit flowers.
GENTH— In this city, November 16, 1903,
Charles F. Genth, a native of Pennsylvania,
¦ aged 51 years 7 months and 22 days.
C7Frlenti* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
"day, at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral par-
. lors of Bunker & Lunt, 2660 Mission street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
thence to St. Peter's Church for services,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross .Cemetery.
GRANTHAM— In Oakland. Cal., November 15,
1903. Walter D. G. Grantham, beloved hus-
band of Emma Grantham and father of
Harold Grantham. a native of England, aged
31 years 8 months and 17 days. A member
of Oakland Lodge No. 123. Fraternal Broth-
erhood, and the Sons of St. George.
GROEZINGER — In this city. November 15
1903, at the residence of his son. Emile A.
Groezlngrer, 4302 Nineteenth street, corner
Diamond, Gottlob. beloved husband of the
late Kosalle Groezinger. and father of Gott-
lob C. and Emile A. Groezinger. a native of
Rou tllng<>n, Germany, aged 79 years 1 month
and 27 days. '
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock/from his late
residence, 4302 Nineteenth street, corner of
Diamond. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers,
HAU8ER— In this city, November 15, 1903,
Henry Hauser, beloved son of the late J. C.
Hauser and the late Elizabeth Hauser. and
brother of Katie Hauser, Mrs. C. Fox and
Mrs. G. Hlldebrand, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 37 years.
Cyinterment private. Remains at* the
mortuary chapel of J. S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
gomery avenue.
HEEB— In this city, November 16, 1903,
Philip Heeb, beloved husband of Marie Heeb.
and father of Louis H. and Ferdinand Heeb
and Mrs. Charlotte Walsh, a native of Ger-
many, aged 71 years 5 months and 27 days.
HEINSEN— In this city, November 14, 1903,
Henry E. L., beloved husband of the late
Anna Marie Heinsen, and father of Charles
Heinsen, a native of Hamburg, Germany,
aged 72 years and 3 months. A member o£
Scott Lodze No. 37. I. O. O. F., of Daven-
port. State of Iowa.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2) p. m., from the parlors
of II. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
HUM MUE — In the City and County Hospital,
November 15, 1903, Hum Mue, a native of
China, aeed 40 years.
KNOWLES — In San Jose, Cal., November 14,
1903. I. G. Knowles, father of Frank S.,
Charles W.. A. B.. Harvey C. and Dudley
R. Knowles and Mrs. Hattie Gill,- a native
of Ohio, aged 77 years.
E^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
CRONK— In this city, November 14. 190.1,
Cella. beloved wife of Walter Cronk. daugh-
ter of the late Captain and Mrs. W. W. Dil-
llngham, and sister of Mrs. C. A. Erwln, a
native of Benicla, Cal.
C?Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, November IS, 1903, at 2:30
- o'clock, at St. Paul's Episcopal Church, at
Benicla, Cal. Interment Benicla Cemetery.
Remains at the mortuary chapel of the Gold-
en Gate Undertaking Company until Mon-
day, at 12 o'clock m.
DARCY— In Oakland, Cal., November 16. 1003,
Annie Darcy, beloved wife of J. F. Darcy, and
mother of Jerry, George and Alice Darcy,
a native of Fltchburg, Mass., aged 42 years.
DEVENNY— In tha City and County Hospital.
November 14, 1903, John Devenny, aged 52
years.
DOLAN-it-In thia city, November 15, 1903,
Peter M., beloved aon of the late Malachl
and Delia Dolan, and brother of the late
Mrs. M. J. Tobln, a native of Antloch, Cal.,
aged 37 years 4 months and 17 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence, to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem blKh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Croes Cemetery.
FITZGERALD — In this city, November 13,
1903. Richard D., beloved husband of Emily
. Fitzgerald, and father of Mrs. Charles
Kriete, a native of London, England, aged
C4 years.
loved .husband of Mary S. Burnett, and
dearly beloved father of Gecrge S., Frank
\V.. r Armstead D., Peter H., Harriet M. Bur-
nett and Mrs. Romle B. Hutchison, and
brother of John M. Burnett, Mrs. Le-
titla M. Ryland and Mrs. W. T. Wallace,
a native of Tennessee, aged 74 years and 5
months.
IC^A requiem mass will be offered for the
repose of her soul in the Convent Chapel
Tuesday morning, at 9 o'clock.
VARNI— In thia city. November 16, 1903, Ray-
mond Martin, dearly beloved son of Fred R.
and Alvlra Varni. and beloved brother of
Edward J. and Margaret Hazel Varni. and
beloved grandson of Bartholomew Varni. and
Mr. Martin and Mrs. Gesomina Landuccl.
and of the late Margaret Varni, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 5 months and
14 days. .
IT7Friendft and acquaintances ara respect-
fully notlfled that the funeral will take
place on Wednesday, at 10 o'clock, from his
parv nts' . residence, 8SS Greenwich street. In-
terment New Italian Cemetery.
ZIEGELMEYER— In this city. November 14,
11KKJ, Anton Zieg«lmeyer. beloved husband of
the late Mary Zlegelmeyer, father of Mrs.
R. J. Espel, and grandfather of Mrs. W. H.
Pratt, a native of Alsace, aged 79 years S
months and 24 days. A member of St.
Peter's and St. Paulus' D. R. K. Unterstut-
zunga Vercln.
C7 Ft tends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1529 Golden Gate avenue, between
Pierce and Scott streets, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, Golden Gate avenue, between
Jones and Leavenworth streets, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Crosis Cemetery.
.Raymond Paquette. a native of Montague.
Mich., aged 32 years 2 months and 23 days.
inTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
November 17, 1903. at 8 :30 o'clock, from her
late residence, 1931 Mission street, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth, thence to St.
Charles Church, corner of Eichteenth and
Shotwell streets, where services will be held
at » o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
RASMUSSEN— In this city. November 14.
1003, Anna Christina Rasmussen. dearly be-
loved wife of C. Rasmussen. mother of Fred-
erick C, Meta and Arthur F. Rasmussen,
and sister of P.. Fred. G. and Jorgensen
Rasmussen and Mrs. J. P. Kofod. a native
of Denmark, aged 47 years 11 months and
27 days. A member of Inter Nos Circle No.
.215, C. of F. of A. (Helena, Mont., papers
please copy.)
lCFrlen<Js and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
November 17. at 10 o'clock, from her lata
residence, 141 Dore street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
STEVENS— In this city, November 16. 1903,
John W., beloved husband of Martha Stev-
ens, and devoted father of Henry and Jen-
nie Steven*, a native of Baltimore, aged 64
years 2 months and 13 days.
SL'LLIVAN— In this city. November 16. 1903.
Annie, beloved wife ot Daniel Sullivan, and
loving mother of William D. and John J.
Sullivan and Mr*. Ed Gibeau. a native of
County Armagh. Ireland, aged 56 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:.tO , o'clock, from her late
residence, 23 Minna street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, at 9 o'clock. Intermeat Holy Cross
Cemetery.
TIERNEY — At the Holy Family Convent. No-
vember 15. 1003. Sister M. Rosalia Tlerney.
niece of Mrs. Pembroke of Port Costa, and
sister of Adeline and Anna Tlerney.
F J. Monahan, President. '
MONAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission st. Telephone Mission 3L
F. J. Monahan, President.PRESIDENT OF THE STATE MINERS' ASSOCIATION AND SCENE IN THE CONVENTION YESTERDAY
WHEN GOVERNOR PARDEE ADDRESSED THE MEMBERS AND TOLD THEM OF THE GREAT IMPOR
TANCE OF THE WORK IN WHICH THEY ARE ENGAGED.
Gives Note to Eppingers.
Henry Wadsworth, receiver for Ep
plnger & Co.. filed a suit yesterday for
11541 73 against Henry lloesch. The
money is due on a promissory note exe
ruted by Moesch in April of last year
'.n favor of the Eppingers.
Weflfilnjr cake boxes, wedding stationery. Ed
rard B. Knowles, Zt Second et.. Mala S9S. •
Ta.ke Plso'e Cure for Consumption. It will
cure your cough. 25c. By all druggists. •
• C. 'H. Noble, a drug clerk, residing
at Pacific Grove, filed a petition in in
solvency yesterday in the United States
District Court. He owes $593 and has
no assets.
Insolvent Drug Clerk.
Brushes, all kinds; dustere. whisk brooms
«pongee;reasonble. Atlantic Brush Co.,322 Bush.*
George W. Rumble, indicted for us
ing the malls with Intent to defraud
his correspondents by a fake mining
scheme, appeared yesterday in the
United States District Court for ar
raignment and was allowed one week's
further time in which to plead.
Rumble Gets More Time.
An exceptional offer is made which
will enable a person to own their own
home, with Email outlay. Two flats on
Fifteenth avenue. Richmond District, are
nearly finished and offered for J5000* of
this, $1000 cash, $250 in six months and
the balance as rent. Those interested
can hav? particulars of H. R. Cooper.
776 Market street. •
A Chance to Own a Home.
Thursday. 10 a. m.— Amendments to
constitution: report of credentials com
mittee; election of officers; executive
•ession. 2 d. m.— The three great pioneers
—"Lucy Stone," Mrs. Julia S. Sanborn
"Elizabeth Cady Stanton," Mrs. Mary
Mcllenry Keith; "Susan B. Anthony."
Mrs. M. L. W. Curtis. Present status of
co-education, Dr Sarah I. Shuey; collec
tion: "California Laws As They Affect
Women." Albert H. Elliot; question box,
Miss Gail Laughlin; executive committee
meeting.
The annual convention of the Cali
m t Y Crnan ' s Suffra^ Association
will be held la Golden Gate Hail Wed
nednesday and Thursday afternoons
and eveniners of this week a " ernoons
es T fo e jIo P ws? ramme f ° r the conve ntion is
Wednesday. 9 a. m.-Executlve com
mittee meeting 10 a. m.-Opening of co^
vention; addresses of welcome? response
«on 9n e^ entS> addreSS< MrS - Mar V Sta?
eon Sperry; report of corresponding
«cretaiT. Miss Carrie A. Whelin; £!
t O1^ °£ J ecor<31n ff secretary. Mrs. Hattie I
i r ,. .r man; re^ ort of auditors. Mrs j
Mary McHenry Keith and Mrs. Annie L
Carlbert: report of treasurer. Miss !
Clara M . Schlingheyde; announcement
of committees. 2 p. m.-Greetings from
national officers; reports from countv
eocleties and local clubs. 3 d. m — Work
conference; distribution of literature
press; Increase of membership; report
of chairman of advisory committee on or
ganization, Mrs. Josephine II. Mastick
discussion. 8 p. rn.-SoIo. "Battle Hymn
of the Republic," Mrs. Arristcene Schultz
<Mrs. Martin Schultz); reading, "An Ob
etacle," Charlotte Perkins Gilman. Mrs
Elizabeth Murray Newman; collection
address, "The Moving Finger Writes"
Miss Gall Laughlin. New York City
music. ' :
WOMAN SUFFRAGISTS TO
CONVENE HERE THIS WEEK
RigThts of tho Fair Sex to Be Dis
cussed in Golden Gate
Hall.
Some^polders of the lieu land scrip' had
placed their scrip upon the oil lands in
the. Kern River District. and it had been
been, decided by therDepartment. of the
Interior that this scrip, was not appli
cable to .mineral , lands;. and, therefore,
the locations 1 ' made by \ the "holders of
lieu land scrip upon these oil lands were
HOLDERS OP SCRIP.
During the past few years the custom
has been growing among different clas
sified. Industries of the country to meet
In annual convention for the purpose of
advancing their welfare and interests;
and I believe these conventions have
played an important part in developing
the resources and industries of this great
nation. I sincerely hope the California
Miners' Association •will continue to
meet each year and, as it has done In the
past, unselfishly perform . the duties
which may devolve . upon It. -¦>-¦..¦
During the last year our association
has not done much active work, because
there was nothing particular for It to do,
but whatever it had to do was done
promptly and efficiently.
Shortly after the adjournment of the
convention last year your president and
secretary were advised by Senator
George C. Perkins and the Associated
Oil Companies that legislation in Con
gress, known as the Dick bill, had passed
the House and was before a sub-com
mittee of the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate for consideration, and that 'there
was a likelihood that it would receive
the favorable recommendation' of this
committee If a vigorous protest was not
made against it. You will remember
that the Dick bill' had for Its purpose
the transfer of jurisdiction from the De
partment of the Interior to the Court of
Appeals of the District of , Columbia,' and
allowed appeals from the decisions of
the Secretary of the Interior or the Com
missioner of the Land Department prior
to 1902. That is. it allowed ; an » appeal
from all cases which had been decided
by the Commissioner,, of . the : Land De
partment in reference to the scrlpping
of oil lands by the holders of lieu land
scrip
President C. M. Belshaw delivered
his annual address, which was in' full
as follows:
Gentlemen of the California Miners'
Association: Once again we -have as
sembled in convention for the purpose of
discussing with due deliberation mat
ters of importance to the mining indus
try of this great State. Much good has
been accomplished for the miners in par
ticular, and the State in general, by this
association since its organization some
eleven years ago, and, in my Judgment,
there is more good work to be done by
this institution In the future.
BELSHAWS ADDRESS.
The following were appointed by the
chair a committee on credentials:
Thomas Clark, H. Z. Osborne, W. C.
Ralston. C. C. Derby and William Nich
olls Jr.
An invitation" was 'received from M.
L. Requa to visit the works of the Pa
cific Steel and Wire Company in East
Oakland. Then the convention took a
recess until after noon.
In the afternoon the committee on
credentials reported tnat 345 delegates
were entitled to sit in the convention. \
MAYOR SCHMITZ SPEAKS.
Mayor Schmitz, in behalf of the city
of San Francisco, spoke briefly. He
said that it was a pleasure to welcome
so important a body as the California
Miners' Association. The pioneer min
ers of California were energetic and
directed to this State the gaze of the
entire world. Good had accrued to San
Francisco from everything that bene
fited California. There was no gold
mine in San Francisco, but the State
had annually poured its wealth into her
lap. :
Proposed laws might be considered.
He hoped that the convention would
take up the relations of employers and
employes.- Unless each respects the
rights of the other California would
not attain the greatness that Is hoped
for. The city bade a hearty welcome
to the convention. All citizens of San
Francisco would try to assist the min
ers in carrying out laws for their bene
fit. Mining was a most important in
dustry to California.
valleys as the zephyrs do; the land, of
all the world, where Pandora's awful
box has never yet been opened.
Such, gentlemen, were the people who
so well preceded you; such were, the
pioneers of this great State. And you,
their successors, who carry on the voca
tion they so well begun, you the people
of California hold in great esteem.
During- thepastyear nothinghas been
done along-the line for. which' the associ
ation was first formed; that sis/ 1 to -make
hydraulic mining once, more possible in
the State. I believe -that 'good work
can and should be done along this line.
I have been. credibly Informed: that by
placing a' dam ' in Webber 'Creek/ El Do
rado County, • at a cost of ' not' to • exceed
$35,000, a majority: of ¦< the , hydraulic
mines Jn that county,, will be enabled: to
resume work. In my judgment/vthis as
sociation should appoint a , committee to
investigate this matter. ..with ..power " to
give the indorsement , of • the , association
to the building of this dam.-and ifithe
plan. meets with thelr.:approval.>to*urge
upon the State and Federal 'officials -the
necessity .' and . feasibility j of •' the work.
It Is our duty, to foster hydraulic mining
under .the Xamlnetti" act,"- and- we should
lendr financial » aid, " if;' need f be, -to ¦ those
who ' are endeavoring -to: mine t under < the
HYDRAULIC I MINING.
At our last annual meeting an innova
tion . was started in -the reading • of prac
tical " papers upon i subjects ' relative f to
the different" branches of., mining '• by
learned, members of- this association. I
am happy to j state that this* feature of
our last convention was^ a< decided suc
cess, .and I desire --to' strenuously urge
upon- you '.the '.continuance .of :these pa
pers' k at- each ' annual' -convention." ' We
cannot r overestimate"-' the • benefit • to .the
mining industry by the preservation and
dissemination" of this practical:informa
tion. These papers have > been printed
in pamphlet form *ahd then .distributed
all over .the .world.Vto the credit of the
State 1 of 'California.' '¦".¦¦*. ,;: . -^
i It seems to me that; it would not be out
of place -for "this association to under
take in future - to -arbitrate disputes
which may arise between; the mine own
ers and the employes, both; being mem
bers thereof. It-Is certainly for the best
interests of mining, in. Call fornia -that
the relationship existing between ? em
ployer and employe ¦ should at - all | times
be harmonious and cordial, and.lt should,
in my judgment, be the duty of this asso
ciation to > endeavor to -maintain' these
much to be'deslred. conditions, vl-there
fore suggest, that .methods of procedure
relative to this : matter 'be thoroughly
discussed and decided upon , during; this
convention.-- ¦•..¦•* - ¦ ' ' -'¦-?¦ •-•¦'.-
Since our- last' convention, the 'mines
along, the mother lode /have experienced
a. labor strike, but^I-am happy to state
that the matter was- satisfactorily, ad
justed before- any * serious damage >had
been done to any of Uhe properties in
volved. . '¦¦- ,* ;' " '¦'¦ '-•¦¦¦:.'
During the last session of, the Legis
lature of the State or California several
bills were introduced relative. to the em
ployers' liability and also as to what
should constitute a vice-principal. In the
judgment of many 'of the mine; owners
of the State the 'bills, as Introduced,
if passed, and signed, by the'Gqvernor,
would have worked ! an injustice to the
employer, and,, at the- request of -a- legal
number of members of this association,
a .special, meeting of. the . executive; com
mittee was called for the purpose of. dis
cussing those measures. - The executive
committee met at the office of the associ
ation on February. 2 8» 1903, and, after a
thorough discussion, of the subject mat
ter contained in the proposed, bills which
were before the Legislature of. the State,
it was unanimously: -resolved that the
passage of those bills would-be inlml
cable to the mining interests ) of ' this
State and that therefore, they should not
be passed. A copy- of . this* resolution,
duly, attested, was sent to the members
of the Committee on Mines. and Mining
of the. Senate, and I believe also to the
different members of the: Senate, with
the result- that there,' was no change; in
the law. relative to the subject matter
contained in these, bills. / -•- - » : .
THE I LABOR SITUATION. £ ;
As Congress was then in session, it
was most urgent that action* should I be
taken promptly, so, after consultation
with several members of the execu
tive committee and after having ' care
fully read the affidavits and papers pre
pared by the Associated Oil Companies,
your president and secretary telegraphed
to our representatives j in Congress to
use their best endeavors to accomplish
the defeat of the objectionable bill then
pending. As soon^as possible thereafter,
a meeting of the executive committee
was called and the action of your presi
dent and secretary was indorsed and
approved. The result of . our earnest
protest was that the Dick bill was de
feated and, I hope, put to rest for all
time. . . . '., . , • ¦ ¦
held by the Secretary of the Interior and
the Commissioner of the Land Office to
be invalid. The passage of the Dick
bill would have allowed these scrip lo
cators to take an appeal from the deci
sion of the Secretary of the Interior and
place the matter in the Court of Appeals
of the District of Columbia.
A report was received from the Cali
fornia Debris Commission regarding
the operations under the Caminetti act.
The text of the : report Is;srtven:
.Since the commission waa organized in
1893, 620 ¦ applications - for permits to
mine have been recelved'and 476 permits
.have been , issued ; 30 2 permits have been
revoked, and in most- cases .because "the
mines;, have .been worked' out or aban
doned "or? have -changed hands, and -71
permits have . from time , to time been
temporarily suspended.* -., ;¦
- During the. fiscal year the commission
received 55- applications for, permits or
licenses to mine, 35 licenses were grant
ed,- 130 licenses were revoked and 46
licenses were suspended. No considerable
failure of impounding barriers built or
maintained ..under license, given by the
commission* has come ."to ¦ the notice of
the commission during the; year.'
A' few "cases of illegal.: mining were
reported to ¦* the ? commission • during . the
year and the attention of the parties con
cerned -was i called '. to the :. requirements
of the law. « As far; as known the illegal
operations have; ceased 'in "each 'case and
In : some - instances the | parties • concerned
have -. subsequently - applied ? for and • ob
tained "licenses^ :.-.".; ;
j Occasionally a 'break occurs, in one of
the J impounding dams . built 'under per
mits from 'the commission,* but the total
number •" of * failures ¦' has -been • compara-
¦ I desire to direct your attention to the
wildcat mining schemes which have done
so much In the past to injure the mining
Industry of the country and will continue
to be a hindrance to honest mining un
less they meet with earnest opposition.
I believe. this association should devise
some method whereby people could be
advised of . wildcat mining" speculations
in this State, to the end- that all legiti
mate mining propositions might receive
the full confidence of the investing pub
llc Wildcat mining operators are alone
responsible for the hazardous specula
tive opinion of mining held by the gen
eral.public. It is my belief that a min
ing property, conducted on modern sci
entific methods, -is just as legitimate las
any business venture and just as certain
of financial success.
It is therefore our duty to promote le
gitimate mining. by putting out of busi
ness all mining schemes whose sole ob
ject Is to exploiUthose who have confi
dence In mining as a business enterprise.
I : am of the- opinion that past experi
ence has shown that the membership ot
our executive committee is too large and
diversified to be of the best service to
the association, and- 1 would, therefore,
advise that this committee : consist of
not more than nine members, with a.ma
jority thereof appointed from localities
easy" of access to San Francisco. Fre
quently it is desirable that the executive
committee should ; be called , together
promptly.; and a believe we ought to
make this committee so that, should the
occasion require, it may be able to meet
any emergency.. ....
< X desire to congratulate you upon the
efficiency of your secretary, E. H. Ben
jamin.- I have found him untiring in his
efforts in behalf of- the promotion of the
best interests of the association, and I
sincerely, hope that it may. continue to
have his valuable services. 1 want to
return "'to: him my sincere - thanks and
appreciation for all his kindnesses to me
during the past year. * .
We are also especially indebted to the
Union League Club of San Francisco and
the metropolitan press. - The f former
has continued its' kindnesses to the ex
ecutive-committee and the latter has
been uniformly courteous in informing
the public' of our transactions. •
" In conclusion. I wish, to 'again thank
you for the 'confidence which is reposed
in me when you honored me by ..making
me your president. When I accepted the
honor- I was conscious .of my inability
to' serve' with" the" marked distinction of
my- 1 predecessors. . but I ; sincerely trust
thati-in- receiving this ¦account- of- my
stewardship you will believe I have done
¦the-besV that- 1 could. -~--~: ; ,
REPORT OF COMMISSION. \
WILDCAT SCHEMES.
As the project for the conservation
and preservation of the flood waters of
the State was first promoted by us, I
believe that it should receive our care
ful attention and assistance. While the
California Water and Forest Associa
tion has done excellent work along this
line and has been instrumental in pro
curing State aid to be used in conjunc
tion with the Federal Government," nev
ertheless, I believe that we could and
should be more active in this work and
I know that the Water and Forest Asso
ciation would be glad of our efforts to
help them.
of vast importance to the mining indus
try of the nation, but would be of in
calculable value to the whole people.
Well thought of was our seal of State
The grizzly bear, the sheaf of wheat,'
the miner with his upraised nick the
mountain and the plain, the Golden Gate
leading out toward the setting sun and
all the wealth that lies on yonder side
of the mighty Pacific, and,. over all, Mi
nerva, the goddess of learning, calm
faced, with spear, buckler, helmet and
Well may you be proud of your prede
cessors, the men who, like the potter at
his wheel, molded into magnificent pro
portions the rough clay of a heteroge
neous population; who turned from the
miner's pan and rocker to the making
of a State: who. for a moment, laid
down the piok and shovel and, with cal
loused hands; took up the pen; who came
trooping from the muddy streams of the
mountains to meet in convention to
frame a State's constitution; who, paus
ing from their labors on ditch, wing
dam and cut-off, framed a code of laws
almost in the twinkling of an eye that
fairly put to blush the studied efforts
of those whom other States had espec
ially trained for that great purpose, who
untrained and untried, by sheer force of
Intellect and will power, turned aside
the giant forces of unfretted nature and
gave us California.
WORK OF MINERS.
My business here to-day is to assure
you that, although you. or your prede
cessors, are accused of having filled up
and ruined for navigation many of our
most beautiful rivers; although you, or
your predecessors, are said to have
washed away mountains, and with your
mighty monitors filled up canyons, creeks,
streams, rivers and bays and scarred the
beautiful face of smiling nature with
unsightly wounds and livid gashes; al
though others of your fellows have bur
rowed, like moles, deep into the bowels
of the complaining earth and so mud
died the water which we Sacramentans
have to use that some of us make that
as an excuse for using water only on our
lawns; although you have destroyed for
ests for power at your hoists and to
prop open the tunnels, inclines and
shafts with which you have harassed
our common mother; although you and
your predecessors have turned, and your
successors will turn, nature all awry and
inside out. I am here to-day to tell you
that the people of the State of Califor
nia love you none the less; and that,
along with our agriculturists, our horti
culturists, our viticulturists, our lum
ber, cattle and sheep men and all those
who practice the many arts, trades, busi
nesses, professions and vocations which
make up our California of to-day, there
is none who, from tradition or past or
present usefulness to the body politic,
is held closer to the hearts of Califor
nia's people than are those who follow
the profession of mining.
It was your predecessors who gave
California her first start in life; it was
they who. in the short space of a year
and a half, left their homes and loved
ones, crossed the plains, opened up and
settled a 'new country, organized a gov
ernment/far away from other advanced
civilization, and gave to the Union, as
a full-fledged State without probation as
a territory, the magnificent heritage
which you and I so happily now enjoy,
the great State of California.
WORDS OF EULOGY.
Gentlemen of the California Miners'
Convention: It Is a great pleasure for
me to be present with you here to-day
and to participate in the opening cere
monies of this, your annual convention.
This pleasure would be great were I here
only as a citizen of California. But it is
¦with a still greater pleasure that, as the
Chief Executive of the State. I look Into
your faces and testify by my presence
to the very great interest that the people
of California have in the great industry
which you represent and to which we
owe our early reputation as a State.
I shall not attempt to tell you what
you and your predecessors have done
for California. That is known of all
men. Nor shall I attempt that easy task
of predicting the future. No one knows
the possibilities of your industry better
than do you yourselves. Neither shall
I give you any figures as to the amount
of gold that California has yielded to
the wealth of the world; nor how large
a cube it would make, were it all mold
ed into one; nor how far it would reach
were it all spun into a wire an eighth
of an inch in diameter; nor how many
millionaires it would make were it equaf
ly divided among all of us here assem
bled; nor how long it would run the
State of California, at $300,000 per
month, were it all put into the State
treasury; nor, in fact, any of these in
teresting, but dry. statistics to which
none of us like to listen. All such mat
ters as these I shall leave to those whose
business it is to collect and, by a long
system of multiplication, subtraction,
addition, division and silence, put into
figures to the astonishment of even the
most hardened.
The convention was opened shortly
after 10 o'clock in the morning in Stein
way Hall by President Belshaw, who
congratulated the miners upon assem
bling once more, and also upon the
amount of moisture that has fallen
during the present season that will
facilitate mining. He then introduced
Governor Pardee, who spoke as fol
lows:
There were no debates on the floor of
the convention during the first day of
the proceedings. Papers of general in
terest to the miners were read, .jrhere
was a hint of a plan to deal with the
labor question in the mines that was
thrown out by President Belshaw. This
suggestion was that "It would not be
out of place for this association to un
dertake, in future, to arbitrate disputes
that may arise between the mine own
ers and the employes, both being mem
bers thereof." There are mine owners
and also mine employes in the conven
tion, and it is not improbable that the
labor arbitration plan will be discussed
quite fully.
GOVERNOR WELCOMES.
The matter of hydraulic mining
within the terms of the law was forci
bly mentioned by President C. M. Bel
shaw in his annual address to the con
vention. He declared, and the dele
gates applauded the statement of pur
pose warmly, "It is our duty to foster
hydraulic mining under the Caminetti
act, and we should lend financial aid,
if need be, to those who are endeavor
ing to mine under the law and are
meeting with organized opposition."
President Belshaw also favored the
proposition submitted by the miners of
El Dorado County for the construction.
Jointly by the United States and the
State of California, of a restraining
dam on Webber or Weaver Creek to
permit the resumption of hydraulic
mining back of the point where it is
proposed to locate the dam.
opening of their twelfth an
nual meeting. Mayor Schmitz extended
the right hand of the city of San Fran
cisco In his official capacity. There
were two sessions of the convention,
morning and afternoon. Both were
marked with events of interest.
QOVERNOR PARDEE gave a
royal welcome, yesterday, to
the delegates to the California
miners' convention, at the
' J. J. McMurray of Trinity County
then delivered a short address on tho
methods of preserving the forests oC
President Belshaw then announced
his appointments to the committee on
resolutions; the committee being as fol
lows:
-E." C. Voorhels, Amador County; n
English. Alameda; A. A. Watktns. CalN
fornia Promotion Committee: W. C. Ral
ston, Calaveras: H. E. Picket. El Dorado-
H. Z. Osborne. Loa Angeles: C C. Derby'
Mariposa; P. T. Pierce. Mono: J. R. Tyr
rell. Nevada; J. K. O'Brien. Plumas: W
Nicholls. Placer; J. .H.. Batcher. Sacra
mento; L. J. Ryder, Santa Clara; J y
Halloran. San Francisco; A. O. Dorks'
Shasta; R.' R.. Smith. San Jonquin; A It'
Briggs. State Board of Trade: TJroy f/
Ford, Sierra; A. Abby. Sonoma; Murk it
Kerr. .Tuolomne, and J. E. DoolUUo of
the State Mining Bureau.
Judge Niles Searls of Nevada County
was also called upon to address the
delegates and he made a short speech,
pledging his support to the work of the
association. He urged the delegates to
continue in their efforts to secure prop
er legislation for the benefit of the mine
owners of California.
Ex-Lieutenant Governor Jacob Neff
was " introduced to the conevntion by
the president and "Uncle Jake" was
given a rousing reception. He made a
brief speech, thanking the convention
for Its reception, and assured all pres
ent that he would always support the
Miners' Association in Its work.
If Congress intends to build reservoirs
they should be built in the high Sierra,
which is the permanent source of the
water supply. The mine owners should
have their share of the benefits to be
supplied.
If new reservoirs are built and the
old ones repaired, the Government would
secure an income equal to the expense
from revenues for use of the water. Let
us use all endeavor to secure a proper
water supply by the Government, but let
the. supply be first for the mines and
then for those who live in the valleys.
GREETED BY FORTY-NINEBS.
Preserving the forests is not the only
method of securing a proper water sup
ply. Miners do not waste timber, but
they must have a necessary amount for
the mines. The cry to preserve the for
ests is mainly a matter of sentiment.
Water should be stored in the'moun
tains and by building the reservoirs in
high altitudes a sufficient supply could
first be given to the mines and then the
water could be utilized in the valleys
and cities.
Mark B. Carr then delivered an ad
dress on "The Storage of Waste Water
for Mining Purposes." He spoke of
the plans of the Federal • Government
to erect reservoirs in the ; Sierras and
to' irrigate desert lands and made a
plea that the proposed reservoirs be
placed in the high regions of the Si
erras. Continuing, the speaker said:
The crest of the Sierra is a great wa
tershed and it is there that the waters
should be conserved. The average rain
fall of to-day is the same as it waa
twenty years ago and there is plenty of
water for all purposes.
TELLS OF WASTE.
Letters of regret were read by the
secretary from United States Senator
George C. Perkins, who is now in
Washington, D. C, and unable to be
present at the convention, and also
from Frederick Zeltler, both gentlemen
pledging their hearty support to. the
aims of the organization.
Senator Voorhels presented a motion
that the committee on resolutions be
composed of one member from each
delegation. The motion was carried.
J. K. O'Brien of Plumas County pre
sented a resolution that the convention
Indorse Congressman T. A. Bell
as a member of the River
and Harbor Committee and that
the Speaker of the House of Represen
tatives be requested to appoint Con
gressman Bell; also that the Califor
nia Congressmen be asked to secure
Bell's Appointment on the committee.
The resolution was referred to the
committee on resolutions.
H. E. Picket of El Dorado, chair
man of the El Dorado County Miners'
Association, submitted the report al
ready published in The Call relating
to the proposed dam across Weaver
Creek. The cost of constructing the
dam was estimated at $25,000. The
structure would, so reported the com
mittee, hold back all debris that might
result from the resumption of hydraulic
mining back of the dam. The report
was referred to the committee on dams.
Dr. C. T. Deane, secretary of the Cal
ifornia Petroleum Miners' Association,
read a paper on the California oil In
dustry. The paper abounded in statis
tics.. He estimated that the consump
tion of oil In California during the year
1904 would be 30.000,000 barrels. During
the year 1903 the consumption would
reach more than 23,000,000 barrels. The
various uses that will extend the de
mand for oil were recounted. There
were two great oil fields in the world,
he said, the Baku and Kern River
fields. With the increase in the con
sumption of crude petroleum the de
mand for coal was steadily decreasing.
The importation of coal to San Fran
cisco in the first ten months of 1903
had fallen 165,000 tons short of the im
portation for the corresponding period
in .1902. The "ehost of the scrip oil
land thieves had finally been laid." In
conclusion Dr. Deane extended to the
California Miners' Association the
greetings of the California Petroleum
Miners' Association. : .>;:
WEAVER CREEK DAM.
Barrier No. 2 was completed on No
vember 2 and it is believed that barrier
No. l will be completed in the course of
the next few weeks.
These barriers are built on the plans
or the commission and consist of cribs
built up. of fascines made of brush.
The fascines are about a foot in di
ameter, tightly bound together with
¦wire, and laid so as to form pockets
about six feet square. These pockets are
then filled with heavy rocks, the whole
structure rising to a height of about fivo
feet above the river bed. There are seven
rows of these pockets extending com
pletely across the river. \ It is expected
that the brush work will hold the rock
in place and have a tendency to consoli
date the debris reaching the point where
the barrier is built. The heavy rock
snouia hold the brush from being swept
away and give stability to the dam.
tively small and no large percentage of
the debris impounded under the direction
of the commission has escaped by rea
son of failures of impounding works.
The total amount of material mined un
der permits during the year Is estimated
at 622,600 cubic yards.
BABBLERS ON YUBA.
In prosecuting the plan of restraining
debris in the Yuba River provided for
by the Caminetti act. the commission
has now completed one barrier, known
as barrier No. 2, and has made good
progress with the construction of the
second, known as barrier No. 1 .
Wiley denied that the peon was the !
lazy, begging creature that some have j
called him. There will be found the in- j
dustrious among that class, while he |
admitted There Were to be found also i
the mendicants, but not to the extent
that had been so often described.
Wiley defended the Mexican's in
tegrity, so far as it touched their deal-
Ings with Americans. He had occa
sion to observe matters which came
Ix-fore the courts for adjustment and
in every instance the American re
ceived full justice and absolute fair- i
ness, he said. AH the old feeling of j
antagonism had gone, had been elim- I
inated until now there was a spirit of j
the most cordial friendship for the I
Americans who reside or do business in !
Mexico. If Americans failed to do busi- i
ness in that country, he said, it was ;
due alofte to their absence of respect i
and deference.
Mr. Wiley was at a loss to account
for the r>f-rsister.t clinging to the bull
Dgbt, in spite of the attempts of the '¦¦
government to end the barbaric cus- !
torn. It was. he said, surprising that a '
people so full of romance, so inclined to !
beautiful music, should still demand !
the continuance of the bloody scenes
of the arena.
MEXICANS ABE JUST.
Wiley imr>rer5ed upon his hearers
that there were free schools through
out the land and that the English lan
jruagre was generally a part of the
education. Old palaces and convents,
he said. h3d been remodeled and put
to public uses, and, while the exterior
lemained the same as of yore, the in
terior of moat of the buildings in the
city of Mexico was made lavish with
the most modern of furnishings.
The lecturer told of the regret of
tourists who noted the growing cos
mopolitan life that was rapidly re
placing the picturesque characteristics
of the past. In the interior of Mexico,
however, the touch of modern conven
tionalities had not yet interfered with
the people, for there couid yet be found
the ease and the old-time life of the
land.
"What Mexico Is Doing To-day" was
the lecture given last night at the
Academy of Sciences by H. R. Wiley,
the special lecture on Jurisprudence
at the University of CaJifornia.
The audience lllled every part of the
auditorium, and for nearly two hours
followed the lecturer with interest. It
was a lecture illustrated with remark
ably good lantern slides, which aided
the graphic and lucid description given
of the country ami habits of the peoples
of Mexico. Mr. Wiley gave the fullest
description of his travels, and, while
describing the Mexico of to-day lin
gered, to the doHpht of his audience,
upon the old and ancient land and the
customs of long ago. He told of and
showed iMCtorially the grand cathe
drals and lesser places of worship and
pave highly colored work sketches of
the old palaces and the rich gardens,
and the scattered and lonely estates,
with their suggestions of feudalism.
UELIODrL OLD 3UTLDINGS.
J. A. Filcher of the California Com
mission to the St. Loufs Exposition de
livered an address to the delegates and
spoke of the plans to give publicity to
the resources" of California at thp
World's Fair in 1904. He asked the aid
of all mining men to make the mining
exhibit a noteworthy one and requested
that specimens of ores and minerals be
sent to the commission for exhibition
purposes.
"If the miners are afraid to loan ex
hibits to us," he said, "we are ready to
buy them. We want to make a good
display and we must have the aid of
every mining man."
President Wheeler of the State Uni
versity was expected to be present and
address the convention, but he was un
able to attend.
The convention adjourned until this
morning at 10 o'clock.
The committee on resolutions sat in
council at the Lick House until a late
hour last evening. It was decided,
after some discussion, to recommend to
the convention to adopt a resolution
favoring arbitration in cases of dis
agreement between mine owners and
mine employes, and to indorse tha
proposition of the miners of El Doradu
County to dam Weaver Creek that hy
draulicklng may proceed behind the
barrier to be constructed. A resolution
will undoubtedly be adopted favoring
the institution of a national depart
ment of mines and mining. The rec
ommendations in President Belshaw'a
address were favored.
the State. He did not favor the scien
tific means taught to students of for
estry and 3aid that more could be
learned from the Indians, who pre
served the forests by systematically
burning patches of woodland.
URGED TO AID.
He displayed dualities of enterprise
which commended him to the special
favor of the . post. " He went to
Washington as a delegate to the Na
tional Encampment of 1902 and was
among the foremost In the fight to
bring the encampment of 1903 to San
Francisco. Many of his friends ex
pected that he would be elected de
partment commander, but General
Shafter was chosen to fill that position.
Many of Colonel Cutler's friends hoped
that he would be placed at the head
of the general committee of manage
ment of the National Encampment.
but General George Stone was selected
for that place.
Thomas Post of San Francisco la
known throughout the United States as
a Grand Army post of exceptional en
terprise and strength. The roll of
leadership in the post embraces the
names of eminent men. There Is a strong
feeling In favor of maintaining the
high standard of leadership, hence the
forthcoming contest for post command
er is enlisting keen attention In Grand
Army circles. The result may have
some bearing on the election of a de
partment commander to succeed Gen
eral Shafter.
There will be a meeting of George H.
Thomas Post. Grand Army of the Re
public, this evening. Nominations for
officers of the post will be in order.
The annual election will take place two
weeks from to-night. There are two
candidates in the field for the honor of
commanding the post. The aspirants
are Selden Sturge3 and P. L. Turpin
and all signs point to a hot contest.
Comrades all along the line are dis
cussing the merits and incidents of the
controversy. It was supposed until re
cently that Selden Sturgsa, who was
made commander to succeed Colonel A.
D. Cutler, who resigned shortly after
the close of the National En
campment, would be re-elected
without opposition, but there is
now gossip to the effect that Com
rade Sturges was placed at the head of
the post on an agreement that he
should give way to another comrade at
the expiration of the term for which
Colonel Cutler was elected. The cus
toms and traditions of the poat were
set aside when Colonel Cutler was
elected for a third term. .
Says Gold Hunters
Molded the Com
monwealth.
Suggests Arbitra
tion of Labor
Disputes.
Modern Usages Overshadow
Picturesqueness of.
Days of Yore.
Selden Sturges and F. L. Tur
pin Are Aspirants for
the Place.
President Belshaw
Defends Hydraul
ic Mining.
H. R Wiley Gives Vivid
Account of Past and
Present.
Indications of a Contest
for the Office of
Commander.
State's Executive
Delivers Words
of Eulogy.
METHODS CHANGE
IN OLD MEXICO
MAN TO LEAD
THOMAS POST
CALIFORNIA MINERS IN ANNUAL CONVENTION
FELICITATED BY MAYOR AND THE GOVERNOR
THE FAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOYEMBER 17, 1903.
And well did they put above it all the
Grecian word, 'Eureka," for they found.
Indeed, the fairest land on earth; the
land whose genial summer sun kisses
Into loveliness the fairest flowers that
Nature's prodigality ever gave to man;
ths land whose winter knows no touch
of ice king's dreaded hand; the land
where Boreas lays aside his savage mien
and, lulled to gentleness by the nearness
of the great Pacific, woos our hills and
breastplate, her wisdom keeping us safe
from all that Ignorance always threat
ens and her armor saying to all who
would injure or oppress us: "I shall de
fend my people and my State. Let no
one interfere."
law and are meeting: with organized op
position.
• _I would most earnestly urge more
strenuous efforts for the passage of a
mineral land bill by the * Congress of
the United States, which would be sat
isfactory to all concerned. Also, I be
lieve the association should do more ac
tive work toward the establishing of a
department of mines and mining. Both
of these . subjects ought to receive our
earnest consideration. The former la
quite necessary In order to prevent our
mineral lands from being acquired by
speculators under the guise of agricul
tural lands. : -
The latter, in my opinion, is not only
16
ADVEBTI5E3IE2ITS.
yHJM PIANOS
I Hold the highest place to
I every music player's es-
I teem. Their musical as
(well as architectural super-
iority is evidenced by the
preference shown for
IChickcring Pianos by the
American people.
TVe display a splendid cnl-
. lection of Chickering Grand
I and Uprights.
| Bcnj. Curtaz *. Son
I SOUS AOXNT3
(Cnrtas Build In ar)
16 O'FARRELL STREET, S.F.
1 Saa Jo«e. Fresno. Alameda. Stockton.
r ORIENTAL 1
RUGS |
AUCTION I
TO-DAY .(TUESDAY), H
AT 2:30 P. M. i*
MIHRAN'S I
205 POST STREET. f J
Fin* !Urs Hue* Will Ba Offered at I
Toitay'a Sale. fl