SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER -8, 1903.
/T cannot be too often repeated that in this country, in the long run, we all of us tend to go up or
go down together. If the average of well-being is high, it means that the average zvage-worker,
:• the average farmer and the average business]manarc all alike zvcll off. If the average shrinks,
there is not one of these classes which zvill not feel the shrinkage. Of course there arc always some
men who are not affected by good times, jusPas there arc seme men who are not affected by bad
times. ' But, speaking broadly, 'it is true that if prosperity conies all of us tend to share more or less
therein, and that if : adversity comes each of its, Jo a greater or. less extent, feels the tension. It is
all-essential to, the continuance of our healthy national life that zve should recognize this community
of interest among our people. The welfare -of each of .us is dependent fundamentally upon the zvcl
fare of all of us, and therefore in public life that man is the best representative of each of us zvho
seeks to do good. to each by doing good to all; in other zcords, zvhosc endeavor is not to represent
any special class; but to represent, all true and honest men of all classes. — Extract from the Presi
dent's~ Labor Day speech.
ALL SHOULD WORK IN HARMONY
UNION LABOR'S PROSPERO US LEGIONS MAKE GALLANT SHOWING
AS MARCHING COLUMNS TREAD STREETS OF AMERICAN CITIES
THERE is no zvorsc enemy of the zvagc-zvorker than the man who condones mob violence in
any shape or isho preaches class hatred, and surely the slightest acquaintance with our indus
trial history should teach eve n the most short-sighted that theJimes of most suffering for our
people as a whole, the times when business is stagnant and capital suffers from shrinkage and gets no
return from its investments, are exactly the times of hardships and want and grim .disaster amdng
the poor. If all the existing instrumentalities of wealth could be abolished, the first and severest
suffering would come among those of us who are least well off at present. The zvage-zvorker is
well off only when the rest of the country is well off, and he can best contribute to this general zuell
being by showing sanity and a firm purpose to do justice to others. In his turn the capitalist who is
really a conservative, the man who has forethought as well as patriotism, should heartily welcome
every effort, legislative and otherwise, which has for Us object to secure fair dealing by capital,
corporate or individual, toward the public and toward the employes.— Extract from the President's
Labor Day speech. . :
CLASS HATRED IMPERILS LABOR
"Exactly, the power behind the throne
—exactly. And it makes one proud to
think he is an American to 'see these
men." remarked the- President.'.;
In the parade were a few floats with
placards. One read: "The Trust Fights
Us; Let Us Fight the Trusts by Not
Using Their Goods/'
At 11:30 o'clock the line had passed and
the party was driven to the train and
departed for the State Fair. '
When the President reached the fail
PUTS IN A BUSY DAY.
It was a busy day for the President, as
well as a day full of Incidents. In the
morning soon after his arrival he re
viewed from a beautifully decorated
Ftand in Hanover square a great parade
of the labor organizations of the city. He
then went to the State Fair grounds,
where he delivered before 50,000 persons
an address on good citizenship and the
relations that should exist between labor
and capital. He was the principal gnest
at a luncheon at the clubhouse on the
grounds— a luncheon which v,as attended
by every important State official except
Governor Odell, who could not be present
or. account of a previous engagement; re
viewed a fine parade of the National Let
ter Carriers' Association and fraternal
bodies of the city, and was the guest to
night of former United States Senator
Frank Hiscock at a dinner which was
attended by about thirty persons invited
to meet the President.
EEVIEWS ARMY OF LABOBEES.
Clear Ekies, bands of music, the local
military company, an unprecedented dis
play of Hag's ar.d patriotic decorations
and the unbounded, enthusiasm of a vast
throng greeted President Roosevelt at 5:30
o'clock this morning when his special
train rolled Into the station. With him on
the train were Secretary Loeb, Jacob A.
Riis of New York, a newspaper repre-
Ecntatlve.'^ie secret service men and of
ficials of the operating department of the
Delaware, Lackawanna and Western
Railroad. The run from New York was
without Incident. The President was met
at the train by a reception committee.
The forty-first separate company pre
sented arms as the r President appeared
and then, headed by t^e New York Letter
Carriers' band, escorted the President
and the committee to the reviewing stand.
The President on the march received an
ovation from the densely packed throng.
Jn the square about the reviewing stand
were fully £5,000 persons. Upon the stand
beside- the President were Senator Depew,
Bishop P. A. Ludlen of Syracuse, and in
fluential citizens.
SHOUTS TO THE MARCHERS.
There was never before such a demon-
Ftration by organized labor in this city.
Fully MOO men and women were in line.
The Labor Day Committee as it reached
the stand sent its chairman to greet the
President and to pin a badge upon his
coat- The President expressed his pleas
ure in a few words and the line began
to move. Union after union uncovered
at it reached the stand. Now and again
the President shouted compliments to a
fine looking body of men. From start to
finish his attention was never diverted
from the workinemen.
"They are the power behind the
throne," remarked a Syracusan to the
President as the men marched by.
SYRACUSE. N. Y.. Sept. "-Presi
dent RooseveJt was to-<ia.y accord
ed a magnificent reception by the
citizens of his own Stale. From the mo
ment cf his arrival In tbtl city this morn.
Ing at 5:30 o'clock un'.'A he stepped aboard
his special train, at 10:30 o'clock to-night
to begin his return trip to Oyster Bay he
v.as given a continuous ovation. Syracuse
Ticjver held such a throng as assembled
here to-dcy to greet the President. Fully
100,000 persons from all sections of New-
York State tested the carrying capacity
of the various lines of railroad, and
many additional thousands came from
the country contiguous to the city.
Kverywhere in the city and at the grounds
of the New York State Fair Association
he was received with notable enthusiasm.
As he drove through the streets the tens
of thousands of persons backed along --the
FidiTi-alks greeted him with cheers. Busi
ness houses and residences were ablaze
with bunting and the American flag float
ed ln the breeze from almost every win
dow.
Opens J$ew
York State
Fair.
President Ad
dresses the
Toilers.
Continued on Page 2, Column 3.
LONDON. Sept. 7.— Kate Seymour, for
merly a popular actress, who visited the
United States in 1S1'9 and again in 1901.
Is dead
Former Actress Dies in London.
BERLIN, Sept. 7.— Emperor William
stopped a number of Uhlans who were
riding into a crowd at the military'par
ade near Leipslc on Saturday. The shrieks
of the mass of spectators, whose pres
sure broke through the alignment of the
troops as the cavalry pushed them back
caused the Emperor to spur his horse
toward the scene of the disturbance and
harshly reprove the Uhlans. The spec
tators cheered the Emperor for his re
huKe of the cavalrymen. • -• . -
Emperor Rebukes the Uhlans.
SALT LAKE, Sept. 7.-Assured \ by, his
physicians that he, had , hardly, a day to
live and that It .would be impossible for
him to make the* long -trip from" Los An
geles to , his : home ' here,' T>r. William • T.
Dalby, a foremost -surgeon • of ; the far
West, nevertheless made the Journey, and
died to-day.: in his ; wife's arms. .
Dr. Dalby was: in California- for his
health when , he was - taken suddenly
worse. When told that he was j doomed
he drove to, the railroad station _and' took
the first train for home.;- So near to death
was he on r the road that the conductor
telegraphed : to have an -undertaker meet
the train. • ¦ , ¦ - ¦ "
Dr. „' Dalby's strong . will . triumphed . and
ho arrived ¦> here -''.alive..-; Unable, to speak,
but smiling in- mX_. pain, '.-.neV was" "taken
home, wherean; hour, later •hie expired.
He had cancer of the .stomach. ... ,
Dr. Dalby , was - formerly surgeon ; gen
«ral of the Harriman 1 lines. " • _¦¦¦¦ ;;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DyingMan'sStrbiig
Will Holds W-
Death.
The probability of the aged woman's
early demise naturally enough has ex
cited alarm, for in all but ln name she
is the unyielding ruler of the \ empire.
Her death may easily be the opening
wedge for extraordinary changes in which
a great part of the civilized world may
be involved.
TACOMA, Sept. 7.— A new and Import
ant complication has arisen in Chinese
politics at Peking, according to mall ad
vices received to-day from Yokohama.
It consists of a new malady of the Em
press Dowager, a symptom of which con
sists of a large swelling under one of her
eyes.
This news was announced in court cir
cles at Tokio last month by Major Watan
nabe of the Japanese legation at Peking.
He stated also that German physicians,
who examined her Majesty, pronounced
a very unfavorable opinion, expressing
the belief that she could not survive more
than a year.
Watannabe stated that the news had
caused consternation in court circles at
Peking, but was unknown to the public
generally there. The diplomatists of the
powers, however, have learned of the
serious condition of the Empress and
they have cautiously but assiduously ap
plied themselves to the difficult task of
gathering information as to the progress
of the disease.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SYRACUSE, Sept. 7.— Believing that he
intended to assassinate President Roose
velt, the police this afternoon arrested
John Miller, 35 years old. as he -was leav
ing his home, supposedly to go to Han
over Square, where the President was re
viewing the parade of the National Asso
ciation of Letter-carriers.
The evidence upon which Miller was
arrested was supplied by Mrs. Philip
Smith and her 15-year-old son, who testi
fied that they heard him declare: "I am
going- to shoot the President."
Although no weapon was found on him,
the police believe Miller intended to carry
out his alleged threat. While there is
much secrecy maintained about the case
at police headquarters, it is asserted that
the authorities have been on the watch
for Miller since yesterday morning. They
kept his house under surveillance, but it
was not until thi3 afternoon that' they
caught sight of him. Secret Service men
aided in the watch, and from the number
of men detailed on the case It was con
sidered to be of considerable importance.
Miller is married and has four children.
He is a German.
Special Dlcpatch to The Call.
When the shooting occurred Mrs. Godat
sprang between the men and tried to stop
the. fight, but she was pushed aside' and
was' rather roughly handled, ' though she
wasnofseriously-hurt. : "
TUOLTJMNE. Sept. 7.— Walter Brown,
a" Soulsbyville miner, was shot and in
tan tly- killed here, to-night by Eugene
Godat, also a miner from the -same town,
who " received a bullet through his head
and will probably, die during the night.
The men met on the street at 7 o'clock
this evening, while Walter Brown was ac
companied by "lils .own wife, and Mrs.
Godat. As Godat had threatened to at
tack Brown at their first meeting, Brown
took the first shot with his pistol. Godat
was almost as quick and returned the
fire with ! fatal effect, two bullets going
through Brown's body.
Mrs. Ed Russell, wife of a mining man,
was passing along in the crowded street
at the time and received a stray bullet In
one of her thighs, but the wound is not
serious. Godat was carried to a hospital
and 'is being cared for by surgeons, but
they do not think he will live.
Brown and Godat had quarreled at
.Soulsbyville, five miles from here, several
months ago and their falling. out was bit
ter. Godat left the place and went -to Ari
zona, leaving his family at Soulsbyville.
I It .w : as not believed he would return, but
he. came back to the county to-daV and
arrived here during the celebration of La
; bor day. ' He said to some of his friends
that there would be trouble when he and
Brown met and'the threat was carried to
Brown, who prepared for a hostile meet
ing. . . .
I CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET N. W.,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— Because he
made insulting remarks In the presence
of the wife of "a brother officer, First Lieu
tenant Louis McLane . Hamilton, i Four
teenth Infantry, a son of .;¦ Dr. j McLane
Hamilton,'' of New York, has been sen
tenced to dishonorable discharge from ser
vice in the United States army. The find
ings ln .the case -have Just reached the "War
Department and have been reviewed . by
Brigadier General Davis, judge ; advocate
general. ',, They will be forwarded to the
President for approval. ¦ ' • ->.*.Tf -.1:
General Davis 'had not had an opportun
ity, to read the papers in the case and de
clines to. discuss their contents. Every
effort has been made, and thus far with
success, - to ; keep . secret the name ;of - the
officer in. the presence, of wife Lieu
tenant Hamilton .used improper language.
Thoilady.was in no way implicated in the
affair arid there is a general desire to keep
her. name out of. the case. < ••- - ' .
'¦It is' alleged' that Lieutenant^ Hamilton
was intoxicated at the time he made the
remarks, but this cannot be verifledBU'the
War Department.' The affair occurred In
the early i summer, in the t ? Philippines,
where "Lieutenant Hamilton > is ;now ¦ sta
tioned, -but details of , the trial. and' its re
sult" did not leak out uhtif the papers in
the' case 1 " reached the War ' Department.
Lieutenant' Hamilton has -many friends ln
•Washington and this fact" and the promi
nence of .his! family,' both i here and In New
York/has'aroused keen interest in General
Davis'.' recomraeridatlori' and ',', the Presi
dent's final action In the case. :' It is 'said
strong" efforts will ; be ' made * to have the
i '.sentence 'df the court "martial modified. -'¦ "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RACES HOME
TO EXPIRE IN
WIFE'S ARMS
Death Is Expected
During the Com
ing Year.
Army Officer Is
Sentenced to
Dismissal.
Fatal Battle at
Night in Tuol
umne. -¦•''
The Police of Syra
cuse Arrest a
Boaster.
VIEWS OF THE PARADE. AS
IT PASSED. UP MARKET
STREET. , ¦ •
CHINA'S AGED
DOWAGER IS
FATALLY ILL
RUDE WORDS
DISGRACE A
LIEUTENANT
MINERS FALL
DURING DUEL
ON A STREET
THREATENS
THE LIFE OF
ROOSEVELT
ABOR DAY has come and gone and
m with it3 passing one fact stands
S out l n b 01 ' 1 outline. It Is evident
that the unions of San Francisco
- ¦ comprising more than one-third,
of the male adult population of the city,
have enjoyed a season of unexampled in
crease and prosperity.
There were between 20,000 and 23,000 men
in line by actual count. This number
does not by any means represent the total
strength of the local unions, nor win the
estimate be satisfying to the labor leaders,
who claimed nearly twice as many ln line.
But the actual figures as gathered by
men experienced ln such matters and who
devoted all their, time to tallylne the
marchers give slightly under 23,000 men la
line in both oararlea.
The wild estimates made of previous xx>
rades, when shorn of their exaggerations,
will show a very much smaller number
than this and the Increase In the repre
sentation, appearance and interest that
marks this year's turnout cannot fail to
give encouragement to the friends of or
ganized labor.
Oakland unionists made a noble show*
ing, placing that city among those which
own the sway of organized labor In every
department of manual work.
NOTABLE ADDHESSES.
The literary exercises at the Chutes In
this city and at Shell Mound were remark
able for the loftiness of thought and the
conservatism, of utterance by the various
speakers. Apparently the day of the blatant
agitator in laboring circles has passed.
Among all the addresses there was not an
utterance that savored of radicalism. The
speeches were dispassionate statements of
the high fundamental purposes of trades
organizations of such erudite character
as to do credit to college presidents or
educated students of deep sociological
questions. That they were the product
of men who have made their living by the
work of their hands speaks volumes for
the educational influences of trades union-
Ism.
Of the men composing the unions who
took part in the various exercises of the
day no praise can be too high. They
showed ln every action the influence that
fair wages and liberal hours have had on
them. They evidenced the dignity which
a clear appreciation of their own impor
tance ln the industrial field has disclosed
to them. They indicated a realization
that, having assumed a position of im
portance. It was their duty to ™«Mntnin
it properly and that any ¦ lapse was not
an individual matter, bat a collective In-
Jury to their wllow tollers.
IMPRESSIVE DISPLAY.
No finer body of men of equal numbers
was ever seen anywhere. They were the
toilers of the people, but nothing of de
pression or oppression was visible any
where. Permeating every division, every
line, every Individual among the great
mass was that Indefinable air of supe
riority that accompanies Industry and
prosperity. They were typical of the best
ln manhood that the earth has to offer—
the Western American worklngman.
As far as the present Industrial pros
perity overshadows the conditions of past
years so far did the parade of yesterday
surpass that of previous Labor days. Be
tween the present and past performances
on the part of organized ! labor there was
no comparison. In numbers the turnout
exceeded that of last year; In appearance
it was in every way superior. Distinctive
uniforms of attractive design and appro
priate to the various crafts were worn
by the different bodies for the most part.
There was no motley assemblage of un
labeled toilers. Each division, each trade
was readily recognizable.
Impressive beyond the power of expres
sion was this display of craftsmen who
constitute the productive power of the
city. It was a revelation not only to
those who give scant thought to indus
trial conditions, but even to the men tak
ing part in the display. Such sterling
manhood and strength, physical and men
tal, as was shown bespeaks a force great
er than that which ln past uays has made
and unmade empires and totally changed
political and social conditions.
Best Parade
Ever Seen
in City.
Workingmen
in Solid
Ranks.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 100.
The San Francisco Call.Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
SCENE AT THE CHUTES CELEBRATION, AND TWO OF THE PROMI
NENT LABOR LEADERS ADDRESSING THE VAST CROWD THAT
ASSEMBLED TO PARTICIPATE IN THE EXERCISES.
ECZEMA, NO CURE, NO PAY.
Your druKfrlM will refund your money if PAZO
OINTMENT falls to cure Ringworm, Tetter
Old Ulcers and Borea, Pimples and Blackheads
ca the lace, and all tkln disease*. 60 ceata, •
able, but even in that there are posslbllltie
that are glorious. But to carry no load at aJ
— there is nothing: In that. No one seems ti
f" lve at any goal really worth reaching li
tnis wond who does not come to It heav;
laden. '
Surely from our own experience each one of
\xa knows that this is true. From the great
est to the smallest, happiness and usefulness
are largely found ln v the same soul, and the
joy of life la won In its deepest and truest
sense only by those who have not shirked life's
burdens. The men whom we most delight to
honor In all this land are those who. Jn the
iron years from 'Cl to 'C5, bore on their
shoulders.'. the burden of saving the Union.
They did not choose the easy task. They did
not shirk the difficult duty. Deliberately and
of their own free will they strove for an Ideal,
upward and onward across the etony slopes of
greatness. They did the hardest work that
was then to be done: they bore the heaviest
burden that any generation of Americans ever
had to bear, and because they did this they
have won such proud Joy as It has fallen to
the lot of no other men to win. and have writ
ten their names forevermore on the golden
honor roll of the nation. As it is with the soldier,
so it Is with the civilian. To win success in
the busnesB world, to become a first-class me
chanic, a successful farmer, an able lawyer or
doctor, means that the man has devoted his
best enersry and power through long years to
the achievement of his ends. So it Is in the
life of the family, upon which In the last
analysis the whole welfare of the nation rests.
The man or woman who as bread-winner and
home-maker, or as wife and mother, has done
all that he or she can do, patiently and un
complainingly, is to be honored. ¦ and is to be
envied by all those who have never had the
good fortune to feel the need and duty of doing
such work. The woman who has borne and
who has reared aa they should be reared a
family of children has in the most emphatic
manner deserved well of the republic. Her
burden has been heavy and she has been able
to bear it ' worthily only by the possession of
resolution, of good sense, of conscience and of
unselfishness. But If she has borne It well,
then to her shall come ! the supreme | blessing,
for in the words of the oldest and greatest of
books, '"Her children shall rise up and call her
blessed," and among the benefactors of the
land her place must be with those who have
done the best and the hardest work, whether
as lawgivers or as soldiers, whether In public
or in private life.
QUALITY OF OUR GREATNESS.
This is not a soft and easy creed to preach.
It is a creed willingly learned only by men
and women who, together with the softer vir
tues, possess also the stronger; who can do
anil <lare and die at need, but who while life
lasts will never filnch from their allotted task.
You farmers and wage-workers and business
men of this great State, of this mighty and
wonderful nation, are gathered to-day, proud
of your State and still prouder of your nation,
because your forefathers and predecessors have
lived up to Just this creed. You have received
from their hands a great Inheritance, and you
will leave an even greater Inheritance to your
children and your children's children, provided
only that your practice alike in your private
and ycur public lives the strong virtues that
have given us as a people greatness in the
past. It Is not enough to be well-meaning and
kindly, but weak: neither is It enough to be
strong, - unless morality and decency go hand
in hand with strength. We must possess the
qualities which make us do our duty In our
homes and among our neighbors, and in addi
tion we must possess the qualities which are
indispensable to the makeup of every great
and masterful nation — the qualities of courage
and hardihood, of Individual initiative and >«.t
of power to combine for a common end, and
above - all, the resolute determination to per
mit no man and no set of men to sunder us
one from the other by lines of caste or creed
or section. We must act upon the motto of
all for each and each for all. There must be
ever present In cur minds the fundamental
truth that In a republic such as ours the only
safety 1? to stand neither for nor against any
man because he Is rich or because he is poor,
because he is engaged In one occupation or
another, because he works with hia brains or
because he works witb his hands. We mutt
treat each man on his worth and merits aa a
man. We must see that each is given a square
deal, because be Is entitled to no more and
should receive no less. Finally we must keep
ever In mind that a republic such as ours can
exist only ' la virtue of the orderly liberty
LABOB COUNCIL PABADE.
Ne'ver before in any city west of the
Uocky Mountains has a more manly ap
pearing, distinctive and attractive aggre
gation of workingraen appeared In public
than turned out yesterday in the parade
of the unions of San Francisco affiliated
with the Labor Council. More than Ju 0&0
men were in line and their prosperous ap
pearance and confident bearing spoke
louder than words of the well-dese-ved
progress that the industrial classes have
attained In this cltjr. O
The procession started at 9:30 o'clock
from the foot of Market street. It was
headed by a platoon of mounted police
and a full military band and Grand Mar
shal Emil Schaerer rode ;*t the head on a
mettlesome charger, attended by George
Hook and Carl Goertz as aids. Mayor
Kugene E. Schmitz and officers of the
Labor Council followed in carriages.
Th»' first division waa composed of the
Gas. Electrical. Street Railway and Pow
er Council. They wore white caps and
carried canes and made an attractive ap
pearance. More than 1000 were In line. A
A. Knox marshaled the division with H
S. Cleveland and Joseph Lorimer as aids
The float consisted of a model of a trol-
U ;• car flanked by dynamos and a furnace
was plowing in the rear. On the corners
were gas meters and lamp posts and m
the center were a telegraph polo and an
arc light structure. The unions compos-
Ing the division were Gas 'Workers JCo
Pi«0, Electrical Workers No. 2S3, Linemen
No. 15L Street Railway Employes No. 205
and Stationary Firemen No. 86.
Some of the street railway employes
¦wore uniforms, but for- the most part
they were dressed in citizens' clothes and
wore badges. The linemen bore banners
with the inscriptions. "We are still out
and determined to v/in," "Waiting for a
conference." "What will he say?" and
ether similar Inscriptions. One of the
men carried a monkey tagged with a
card saying "He won't talk." The elec
trical workers appeared in their ordinary
laboring clothes, equipped with climbers
and tools of their trade.
The Ffcond division, composed of tne
Team Drivers' Council, was the second
strongest numerically of any in the pa
rade, turning out about 2000 marchers, it
wu marshaled by George Shepston,
whose aids were Joseph F. Sullivan and
v. j. Kerr. It was headed by the Juve-
There Is no room In our healthy American
life for the mere Idler, for the man or the
woman whose object It Is throughout life to
shirk the duties which life ought to bring.
Life can mean nothing worth meaning unless
Its prime aim is the doing of duty, the
achievement of results worth achieving. A
recent writer has finely said: "After all, the
saddest thing that can happen to a man Is to
carry no burdens. To be bent under too great
a load Is bad; to be crushed by It la lament-
NO BOOM FOB THE IDLER.
There Is no worsa enemy of the wage
worker than the man who condones mob vio
lence in any shape or who preaches class
hatred, and surely the slightest acquaintance
with our Industrial history should teach even
the most shortsighted that the times of most
suffering for our people' as a whole, the times
when business is stangnant and capital suffers
from shrinkage and gets no return from Us
investments, are exactly the times of hard
ships and want and grim disaster among the
poor. If all the existing instrumentalities of
wealth could be abolished the first and sever
est suffering would come among those ot us
who are least well off at present. The wage
worker la well off only when the rest of the
country Is well off, and he can best contribute
to this general well-being by showing eanlt7
and a firm purpose to do Justice to others.
the man who seeks each day's wage by that
day's work, wronging no one and doing his
duty by his neighbor; nor yet does this line of
cleavage divide the unscrupulous wealthy man,
who exploits others In his own interest, from
the demagogue, or from the sullen and en
vious being who wishes to attack all men of
property, whether they do well or 111. On
the contrary the line of cleavage bet'veen good
citizenship and bad citizenship separates the
rich man who does well from the rich man
who does 111. the poor man of good conduct
from the poor man of bad conduct. This
line of cleavage lies at right angles to any
such arbitrary line of division as that separat
ing one class from another, one locality from
another, or men with a certain degree of prop
erty from tho*e of a less degree of property.
The good citizen is the man who. whatever
his wealth or his poverty strives manfully to
do his duty to himself, to his family, to his
neighbor, to the State; who is incapable of
the baseness which manifests Itself either in
arrogance or in envy, but who while demand
ing justice for himself is no less scrupulous
to do Justice to others. It is because the
average American citizen, rich or poor. Is of
Just thin type that we have cause for our
profound faith in the future of the republic.
Ours Is a government of liberty, by, through
and under the law. Lawlessness and conni
vance at law-breaking — whether the law
breaking take the form of a crime of greed
and cunning or. of a crime of violence— are de
structive not only Of order, but of the true
liberties which can only come through order.
If alive t6 their true Interests rich and poor
alike will set their faces like flint against the
spirit which seeks personal advantage by over
riding the laws, without regard to whether
this spirit shows Itself in the form of bodily
violence by one set of men or In the form of
vulpine cunning by another set of men.
Let the watchwords of all our people he the
old familiar watchwords of honesty, decency,
fair-dealing and common sense. The qualities
denoted by these words are essential to all of
us; as we deal with the complex Industrial
problems of to-day, the problems affecting not
merely the accumulation but even more the
wise distribution of wealth. We ask no man's
permission when we require him to obey the
law; neither the permission of the poor man
nor yet of the rich man. Least of all can the
man of great wealth afford to break the law,
even for his own financial advantage; for tha
law Is his prop and support, and it is both fool
ish and profoundly unpatriotic for him to fail
In giving hearty support to those who show
that there is in very fact one law. and one
law only, alike for the rich and the poor,
for the great and the small. -
Men sincerely interested In tha due protec
tion of property, and men sincerely Interested
in seeing that the Just rights of labor are
guaranteed, should alike remember not only
that in the long run neither - the capitalist
nor the ware-worker can be helped In healthy
fashion save by helping the other: but also
that to require either side to obey the law and
do Its full duty toward the community Is em
phatically to that side's real interest, i
FOE OP THE WAGEWORKER.
COMMUNITY OF INTEREST.
It is all-essential to the continuance of oar
healthy national life that we should recognize
this community of Interest among our people!
The welfare of each of us is dependent funda
mentally upon the welfare of all of us. and
therefore in public life that man is the best
representative of each. of ua who seeks to do
good to each by doing good to all; in other
words, whose endeavor It is not to represent
any special class and promote merely that
class's selfish Interests, but to represent all
true and honest men of all- sections and all
classes and to work for their Interests by
working for our common country. .. . ..
¦We can keep our Government on a sane 'and
healthy basis, we can make and keep our- so
cial system what it should be, only on. condi
tion of Judging each man, not as a member Of
a class, but on his worth as a man. . It la an
infamous thing in our American life, and fund
amentally treacherous to our ; institutions, to
apply to any man any test save that of his
personal ' worth, or to draw, between 'two sets
of men any distinction save the distinction of
conduct,' the distinction that marks off those
who dfcwell and wisely from those who do ill
and f jlllshly. There are good citizens and bad
citizens In every class as In every locality,
and the attitude of decent people toward great
public and social questions should be deter
mined, not by the accidental questions of em
ployment or locality, but by those deep set
principles which represent the innermost souls
° The failure In public and in private life thus
to treat each man on his own merits, the recog.
nltlon of this Government a» being either for
the poor as such or for the rich as such, would
prove fatal to our republic, as such failure
and such recognition have always proved fatal
in the past to other republics. A healthy re
publican government must rest upon Indi
vidual*, not upon classes or sections. As soon
as it becomes government by a class or by a
cection it departs from the old American Ideal.
It Is. of course, the merest truism to say that
grounds a crowd estimated at 00,000 had
arrived and crowds were pouring, through
all the gates. A citizens' committee of
100 occupied the speakers' stand. The
President was introduced by Lieutenant
Governor Higgins, president of the State
Fair commission. After the cheering had
subsided the President spoke as follows:
In speaJung en Labor Day at the annual fair
of the New York State Agricultural Associa
tion, It Is natural to keep especially in mind
the two bodits who compose the majority of
our people and upun whose welfare depends the
welfare of the entire State. If circumstances
are such that thrift, energy, industry and fore
thought enable the farmer, the tiller of the
soil, on th% one hand, and the wage worker, on
the other, to keep themselves, their wives and
their children in reasonable comfort, then the
State is well off, and we can be assured that
the other classes in the community will like
wise prosper. On the other hand, if there is in
the long run a lat:k"<.f prosperity among the two
claetes named, then all other prosperity is sure
to be more seeming than real. It has been our
profound good fortune as a nation that hlther
to, disregarding exceptional periods of depres
sion and the normal und inevitable fluctuations,
there has been on the whole from the begin
ning of our Government to the present day a
progressive betterment alike in the condition
of the tiller of the soil and in the condition of
the man who. by his manual skill and labor,
supports hlmuelf and his family, and endeavors
to bring up his children so that they may be at
least as well off ens, and if possible better oft
than, he himself has been. There are, of
course, exceptions, but as a whole the standard
of living among the farmers of our country
has risen from generation to generation, and
the wealth represented on the farms has steaJ
ily Increased, while the wages of labor have
likewise rieen, bQth as regards the actual
money paid and as regards the purchasing
power which Jhat money represents.
Side by side with this increase in the pros
perity of the wage worker and the tiller of
the soil has gone on a great increase in the
protperity amor* the business men and among
certain classes of professional men; and the
prosperity of these men has been partly the
cause and partly the consequence of the pros
perity of the fanner and wage worker. It can
not be too often repeated that In this country,
In tho long run, we all of us tend to go up or
go down together. If the average of well-being
Is high, it means that the average wage
worker, the average farmer and the average
business man are all alike well off. If tne
average shrinks, there is not one of these
classes which will not feel the shrinkage. Of
course, there are always some men who are
not affected by good times. Just as there are
some men who are not affected by bad times.
Iiut, epeaking broadly. It Is true that if pros
perity comes all of us tend to share more or
less therein, and that if adversity comes each
of us. to a greater or less extent, feels the
tension. Unfortunately, in this world the in
nocent frequently find themselves obliged to
pny some of the penalty for the misdeeds of
the guilty; and so If hard times come, whether
they be due to our own fault or to our mis
fortune, whether they be due to some burst of
speculative frenzy that has caused a portion of
the business world to lose Its head — a loss
which no legislation can possibly supply — or
whether they be due to any lack of wiBdom In
a portion of the world of labor— in each case
the trouble once started Is felt more or less In
every walk of life,
Again and again in the republics of ancient
Greece, In those of mediaeval Italy and me
diaeval Flanders, this tendency waa shown,
and wherever tho tendency' became a habit it
invariably and inevitably proved fatal to the
utate. In the final result it mattered not one
•whit whether the movement was in favor ..of
one class or of another The outcome was
equally fatal, whether the country fell Into the
hands of a wealthy oligarchy which exploited
the poor or whether it fell under the domina
tion of a turbulent mob which plundered .the
rich. " In both cases there resulted violent al
ternations between tyranny and disorder, and
a final complete loss of liberty to all citizens —
destruction In the end overtaking; the class
which had for the moment been victorious as
well as that which had momentarily been de
feated. The death knell of the republic had
rung as noon as the active power became lodged
in .the hands of those who sought, not to do
Justice to all citizens rich and poor alike, but
to stand for one special class and for its In
terests as opposed to the Interests of others.
The reason why our future is assured lies
in the fact that our people are genuinely
skilled in and fitted for self-government and
therefore will spurn the leadership of those
who seek to excite this ferocious and foolish
class antagonism.
The average American knows not only that
he himself Intends to do about what is right,
but that his average fellow-countryman has
the' same Intention and the same power to
make his Intention • • effective. He knows,
whether, he be business man, professional
man, farmer, mechanic, employer, or wage
worker that the welfare of each of these men
is bound up with the welfare of all the others:
that each is neighbor to the other. Is actuated
by the same hopes and fears,. has fundamentally
the same Ideals and that all alike have much
the same virtues and the same faults. Our
average fellow-eitlzen • is a eane and healthy
man. who- believes, in decency and has a
wholesome mind. He therefore feels an equal
scorn alike for the man of wealth guilty of
the mean and base eplrit of arrogance toward
those who are' less well off.' and "for 'the man
of rmall means who in his turn either feels
or seeks -to excite . In, others . the feeling of
mean and. baee envy'fQr those who are better
off. The two feeling*, envy and arrogance,
are but opposite aides of the same shield, but
different' developments of. r the- - same' eplrlt.
Fundamentally. , the .unscrupulous rich, man
w;ho seeks to exploit and oppress those who
are. less well oft Is In Bplrlt not opposed to,
but identical with, the unscrupulous poor man
who desires to plunder and oppress those who
are better off. The courtier and the dema
gogue are but developments of the same type
under different conditions, each manifesting
the same servile npirit. the eame desire to rise
by pandering to base . passions; though one
pandera to power in the shape of a single man
and the other to power In the shape of a mul
titude. So likewise the man who wishes to
rise by wronging others must by right be con
trasted, not with the man who likewise wishes
to do wrong, though to a different set of peo
ple, but with the man who wishes to do Jus
tice to all people and to wrong none.
GOOD AND BAD CITIZENSHIP.
The line of cleavage between good and bad
citizenship lies, not between the man of
wealth who acts squarely by his fellows and
In the history of mankind many republics
have risen, have flourished for a less or 'greater
t|rae, and then have fallen because their citi
zens lost the power of governing themselves
and thereby of governing their state; and In
no way has this Iobs of power been so often
and so clearly shown as in the tendency to
turn the government" in a government primarily
for the benefit of one class instead of a gov
ernment for the benefit of the people as a
Whole.
DANGER IN CLASS BULK
free institutions^ "dre of ' avail" only to people
who poSso'sa the blgft'andipeculiar characteris
tics needtd to take advantage of such institu
tions. The century that has Just closed has
witnessed many and lamentable instances in
which people have seized a government free In
form, or havp had it bestowed upon them, and
yet have permitted it under the forms of lib
erty to become some Rpecies of despotism or
anarchy, because they did not have in them the
power to make this seeming: liberty one of deed
Instead of one merely of word. Under . such
circumstances the seeming: liberty may be sup
planted by a tyranny or despotism In the first
place, or it may reach the road of despotism
by the path of license and anarchy. It matters
but little which road Is taken. In either case
the same goal Is reached. People show them
selves Ju?t as unfit for liberty whether they
submit to anarchy or to tyranny; and class
government, whether it be the government of
a plutocracy or the government of a mob, 19
equally Incompatible with the principles es
tablished in the days of Washington and per
petuated in the days of Lincoln.
Many qualities are needed by a people which
would preserve the power of self-government In
fact as well as In name. Among: these quali
ties are forethought, shrewdness, self-restraint,
the courage which refuses to abandon one'a
own rights and the disinterested and kindly
good sense which enables one to do Justice to
the rights of ethers. Lack of strength and lack
of courage unfit men for self-government on the
one hand: and on the other, brutal arrogance,
envy, in short, any manifestation of the spirit
of selfflsh disregard, whether of one's own
duties or of the rlshts of others, are equally
fatal.
President Urges Business Man, Farmer
and Laborer to Work Together for
the Common Good of All Classes
Dy some blunder the head of the pro
cession was cut off by the Building
Trades Council procession at Van Ness
avenue, and the line was compelled to
halt for an hour and a half before It
could proceed. This was the only Inci
dent that marred the display.
The next division was headed by the
shirt waist and laundry workers, who
made a splendid appearance. Thirty
floats and vehicles carried cargoes of
pretty girl • operators, who received a
warm welcome along the line. Then came
the garment workers, upholsterers, soap,
Boda and candle workers, carriage paint
ers and carriage woodworkers, shoe
workers, shoe ctitters and shoe repairers,
glove workers, leather workers on fiorse
goods and tanners.
A cavalcade of officers on white horses
headed the Stablemen's Union- They were
followed by ¦ the shippers', packers' and
porters' unions and the canmakers, who
carried metal American flags.
The Allied Provision Trades Council
followed, with W. Kugler as marshal and
W. S. LUtle and T. 8. McLaughlin as
aids. Gigantic plea, cakes and loaves of
bread symbolized the craft. The. bakers
and confectioners were - In . the lead,
dressed in spotless white. The brewers
and maltsters, decked with sprays of
hops; the Cooks' and Walters' Union,
with a dining-rom float on which meals
were served; the soda and mineral wat«»r
bottlers and a large delegation of the
butcher workmen brought up the rear of
the procession. The lathers, a finely
equipped body of men, dropped out be
cause of being compelled to wait.
Three, unions of coopers, with S. J. Cook
as marshal, composed the following divi
sion, together with a representation of the
Fishhandlers' Union.
nile band of the Ancient Order of Forest
ers. It was composed of Ice wagon driv
ers, retail delivery drivers, butcher cart,
soda and mineral water wagon drivers,
brewery wagon drivers, expressmen,
hackmen in carriages, a strong body of
sanitary wagon drivers and drivers of
furniture, piano and milk wagons. The
League of the Cross band furnished mu
sic for the second half of. this division.
Eight hundred retail clerks and* sales
women formed the third division, with D.
B. Ferguson as marshal and E. D. Mon
trcse and Charles B. Whilden as aids.
The women In goodly number rode in
carriages between the Retail Store
Clerks' Association in white caps and
natty suits and the Retail Clerks' Inde
pendent Protective Apscciation in red
caps and sashes. This division made a
particularly line appearance.
The Iron Trades Council formed the
fourth division of the parade, the largest
and most Imposing of any. All of 4000 men
allied to the Iron trad'es marched after
George Sandeman, president of the coun
cil, as marshal and J. J. McDade and T.
A. Riordan as aids. One of the floats was
a miniature of the battleship Maine, with
smoke pouring from the funnels. The un
ions comprising this division were Black
smiths' Helpers No. 316, Casting Chlppers.
No. 10,405, Boilermakers' Helpers No. 65,
Amalgamated Engineers No. 618, Pattern
makers' League, Ship and. Machine Smiths
No. 168, Machine Hands, Brotherhood of
Boilermakers and Iron Ship Builders,
Ignited Metal Workers, Boilermakers.
Ship Drillers, Iron Mo'.ders, Steam Fitters
and Machinists' Apprentices.
The fifth division was marshaled by H.
Gallagher, who had for aids F. Ducolng
and H. Clunie. It was composed of un
ions affiliated with the Labor Council
but not organized under any especial de
partment Those represented were the
rope and cordage workers, with a mag
nificent float emblematic of their employ
ment; the broommakers, who carried um
brellas made of broom straw and had a
convict and a Chinaman chained to
gether as a symbol of cheap broom manu
facturing; the glassblowers, with a fur
nace and blowers on a float; cigarmakers,
with a gigantic cigar box on a float;
united cloth hat and cap makers, with
women operatives In carriages; cloak
makers; carriage blacksmiths, in leather
aprons, who marched like veteran sol
diers and made a fine appearance; bicycle
and automobile machinists on bicycles,
stove mounters and rammermen, box
makers and 6awyers, picture frame work
ers, reed and rattan workers and sugar
workers. .
The Bridge and Structural Ircn Work
ers" Union was the feature of the third
division, which was under the command
M J. E. Scully. The members wore
lilaok. the sort of clothes they wear when
working on the skyscrapers. The metal
workers were also in this division, and
they escorted a float showing in opera
tion a flying machine. The machine.
however, was stationary for the occasion!
M. Morton commanded the fourth divi-
Fion. which consisted principally of
painters, decorators and paperhangers
The glaziers and ornamental glass work
ers and carpet mechanics completed the
division, making it one of the best, In
]>oir,t of numbers, in the parade.
The fifth and sixth divisions were under
the command of w. J. Holman and Jo
seph Trumpower. In those two divisions
marchtd the engineers, riggers and steve
dores, longshore lumbermen, lumber
<!erks, building material team drivers
horseshoers and laborers. The Horse
ehoers' Union was easily the banner ag
gregation of these two divisions Its
member* wore blue shirts and black
trousers, and belt and black caps Their
shirts were decorated with a white horse
thoe. making an ensemble neat, natty and
attractive. '
The second division was under com*
mand cf Marshal T. J. Farrell. It con
sisted cf Plumbers', Gas and Steam Fit
ters'. Sheet Metal Workers' unions and
rirntlar trades. The plumbers distln
#--uifhed themselves by appearing several
hundrol strong, and the sheet metal
workers won the applause of all the
spectators. Each one of the metal
vorken carried a tin parasol wore a
natty blue and white uniform, producing
an effect that won for them cheer after
< h-er and hand-clapping galore.
Th<? parade cf the unions affiliated with
the Buiiding Trades Council was a feature
of the celebration of yesterday. Fully
12.000 men who have to do with the erec
tion of skyscrapers, Hats and buildings of
< very description started iroai the corner
of Union street and Van Ness avenue
yesterday meming at 10 o'clock. The
men who hollowed out for the foundation
were Sn 1'ne and so were also the men who
laid It. Every trade connected with the
erection of a building from the ground
to the roof was represented and the spec
tacle presented was a grand one. They
are not military rrsen. these bui!der3, and
their start was a siow cne, but what
they larked in celerity was more than
made up by the earnestness displayed
once they got started.
The parade redounds greatly to the
< red it of those who managed it, from P.
II. McCarthy, president of the Building
Trades Council, <5cwn to the g"Uide in the
ranlis cf the unions that followed the red,
white and blue sash of McCarthy as
grand marshal.
E. L. Nol:»n, president of the Brick
layers' t'nlon. was marshal of the first
division. He practically led the parade,
betes followed by h!s union, 3'X> strong
12nd a float containing a mammoth repre
sentation of a "union card." The plas
terers followed the float and they in turn
RN followed by the stonecutters and
hiborers, each member cf these unions
being becomingly attired In a uniform
suitable to their labor. They were fol
lowed by the Brick. Tile and Terracotta
Setters and the Cement Workers. The
Ompnt Laundry Tray "Workers' Union
< losocl tho division.
the Marching Thousands.
Magnificent Spectacle Presented by
BUILDING TRADES DISPLAY.
The other, made up of unions belonging
to the Labor Council, forrnpd at the same
hour at the foot of Market street and
rr.r.rrhed up Market to Van Nesa avenue,
thence dewn Van Nr-ss to Eddy s'.reet,
t!it Tice up Market to Eighth, street, where
5t disbandc-J. The two parades, counter
marching en Market street, made a
Etflkfos picture, which was viewed by
thousands alone the Una of march.
the Building Trades Council,
which formed at Union street and Van
Ness avenue and marched down Market
Street to the ferry. There these work
inprmen begin the trip to Shell Mcund,
¦where literary exercises were held.
TWO monster outpourings of the
ncrkineinen of San Francisco oc
curred yesterday. One was com
posed of the unions affiliated with
Win Plaudits
of a Vast
Crowd.
Local Toilers
Make Fine
Showing.
COHORTS OF LABOR OBSERVE DAY SET APART TO THEM
Small Crowds
Attend at
Chutes.
Speeches Jire
Made by
Leaders.
/-prv rSAPPOINTINGLY small was
B g the attendance at the Chutes to
m M listen to the literary exercises
of the Labor Council In the aft-
ernoon. The theater was hardly
a quarter full and not even an ordinary
Sunday crowd was in the grounds. Plen
tiful criticism was heard among the mem
bers of the unions because the manage
ment had chosen a place for the speak
ing where an admittance fee was charged.
One zealous individual arose in the thea
ter just as the meeting commenced and
proposed to send out the band to round
up the delinquents. He was squelched
with difficulty.
J. K. Jones presided and Introduced tho
speakers, prefacing the Introductions with
some eloquent remarks. Mayor Schmlta
and many other prominent labor leaders
were on the platform.
BENHAM SPEAKS.
G. B. Benham. president of the Labor
Council, made a brilliant and forcible ad
dress. He said In part:
These exercises are held under the auspices
of the San Francisco Labor Council, an organi
zation credited with belrnj second to none In
this or any other country in Its knov.todgsof
the necessities of the working people. Th«
ends it seeks are those which make Tor tha
elimination of a great part of the restrictions
which surround the worker at the present time.
We stand here, pledged by our declaration of
principles "to secure the enactment of such
laws, or aid to establish such systems of gov
ernment as will secure to the producers th»
full prod l'.-t rt their lnlor."
It would not be well for America nor for
the world if the fraternal bonds of the workers
were torn asunder. Picture to yourself the <le
structlon of the trades unions and t/ien ronipa.s
that catastrophe to the mere financial panics of
the past. It Is something that should Ox lt.»e!f
Indelibly upon the minds of the thinking peop!»
of this land. Prosperity rests upon the broad
back of .productive laborers, mechanics and
artisans. • The ware received is the T.ean* o!
purchasing power; remove from the workers
the greater part of the purchasing: power
gained by onranlzatl&ns and you rln? the first
death knell of prosperity.
Into the industrial world has com* a fore*
which the powers of coercion cannot romrupr.
ABnln»t the associated laborers of this country
the Kates of the Manufacturers' Association
cannot prevail. If it conld be otherwise -n
Immense social disaster Is pictured In th» de
feat of the trades unions. If the wufce* of
these, our opponents, were carried cut th*
capitalists themselves would be amonz th? vic
tims of the general disaster and b» forced to
camp In the economic ruin they hail raado.
The result of these labor day celebration*
Is a more adequate understanding of oir obli
gations one to the other, and from the better
understanding of past events and having in
view the expanding hop* of the future, we may
be further inspired to carry forward the prin
ciples of Industrial equity and social Justice.
Those of vs who are here may not bo per
mitted to enter the promised land where reason
and equity are the guiding stars of human
effort, but we all may. by an Intelligent fore
sight, gaxe Upon the possibilities of a glor'oua
future for the workers of the world.
ftjrtjseth; chzebeb.
Andrew Furuseth was given a tumultu
ous welcome when he was Introduced and
several minutes elapsed before he could
quiet the applause. He reviewed tha
growth of labor development since the
days of absolutism, tracing a connection
with the dlsfranchisement of the toilers
and the spread of the doctrine of Christ.
The labor movement, he said, was a co
rollary of the doctrine enunciated by
Christ of the equality of man under tha
iathershlp of God.
Trades unionism, he said. In Its sim
plest form was an association of workers
In similar lines who Joined together pri
marily to learn that greatest of all les
sons, how to govern themselves. Out of
this had grown many forms qf organiza
tion and of that form which bound to
gether a large number of different crafts
under a strong central executive he ex
pressed the greatest concern as being the
rock upon which trades unionism might
be wrecked. The contract system also,
whereby organizations agreed to work
for certain parties and compelled a re
turn contract to refuse the employment
of others, he denounced as treason to
labor and of the utmost danger.
Dancing was Indulged In during the. aft
ernoon and evening and a magnificent dis
play of fireworks wound up the exercises
at night.
which comes through the equal domination of
tha law over all men alike, and through Its ad
ministration in such resolute and fearless fash-
Ion as shall teach all that no roan 1* above It
and no man below It.
. At th© close of the speech the Presi
dent, the State officers and the reception
committee were the guests O f the State
Fair commission at a luncheon In tha
club house.
The President, who watched the races
from the clubhouse veranda, was particu
larly Interested In the attempt of the
stallion John A. McKerron to break tha
track record. "When It was^»nnounced
that he had accomplished this and low
ered his own record besides the President
seemed sreatly pleased, and later when
Harry K. Devereaux of Cleveland, the
owner and driver, was Introduced to him
he congratulated the latter on his tri
umph.
Coming back to the city at 5 o'clock,
the President went^f sain to the review-
Ing stand and for Jfearly an hour stood,
hat In hand, and saw 2500 letter carriers
march by. Just before the parade tha
President was presented with a handsome
vase, suitably Inscribed, In behalf of tha
East Liverpool. Ohio, delegation of letter
carriers, and later received a large floral
offering from the letter carriers at large.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1903.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
For the Form and Complexion.
-rx^-^LJfey Has been succeys-
fully us«-J by W<1-
yitQ^- <BSJ» ins actresses. *irsir-
f&CS! * r3 and women of
>tCw 'ca f£«R*i fashion for mare thaa
VSCf <** \T^f 25 years.
tyj «/ ? Wherever • applied
\5 "•^/ '* la Instantly ah-
J ¦ sorbed through tho
M *f pores of the skin.
f and its wonderful
/fr V nutrition feeds th»
f wasting tissues.
fru-v MMOVHTQ
E^i*i n£* PIMPI.XS
¦***jf|H^"^ . y As if by magic, me
" *.lwTD R-n application of tea
• lLJ (fK^A A showing a remaric-
*^ l -'»*3/ll able improvement.
DR CHARLES FLESH FOOD is positively
the only preparation known to medical science
that will round out hollows In the neck and
produce firm, healthy flesh on' thin cheeks,
arms and hands.
7OS DEVEIiOPIUO THE BT78T
Or breasts shrunken from nursing It has th»
highest indorsement of physicians. Two boxea
are often sufficient to make the bust firm.
r.rire and beautiful.
«OLD BY THE EMPORIUM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORE^ A?ID DUUGOI3TS.
Rerular price. $1.00 a box. but to all wh»
take advantage of this SPECIAL OFFER and
«end us cne dollar we will send two (2) boxes,
in plain wrapper.
Fn 13 fz — A sample box and- our book
K O I--ART OP MASSAGE," fully Illus-
trated, will be sent free to any lady sending 10
cents to pay for cost ot mailing. Address
UK. CHASLSi CO., 19 Pwrx PIms. rirv Ywi.SCENES AND INCIDENTS OF THE
IMPOSING LABOR DAY PARADE
OF OAKLAND UNIONS.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 7.-Labor day was
well observed here. Stores and public
buildings were closed. There were a pro
cession and literary exercises in the fore
noon. In the afternoon a barbecue was
held at Dolphin -Park and was attended
by a large crowd. About 2500 pounds of
beef was served this evening. A ball was
given at the armorv.
Union Men in Santa Cruz Celebrate
in Interesting Style.
BARBECUE AT THE SEA.
The greatest enemy of dyspepsia is
well-cooked food. The gas range cooks
the best. We aell them. S. F. Gas and
Electric Co. . •
The procession disbanded at Kcnilworth
Park, where a picnic was held. Clarence
F. Lea of Santa Rosa delivered an oration
on the history of unionism. J. G. Lawler
was president of the day. A lengthy lit
erary and musical programme followed.
Dancing and games completed the day.
The silk workers gave a grand ball in the
evening. Delegations from San Rafael
and Vallejo attended the day's festivities.
PETALUMA, Sept. 7.-For the first
time In Petaluma's history Labor day
was observed by the suspension of all
business. The entire population assisted
the 500 union men and women to celebrate
The unions were fullv represented in the
parade, the Silk and Shoe Workers hav
ing several decorated floats. R, w. Mol
ler was grand marshal and J. T. Stud
dert, W. S. Harris and Miss Verna
Cereghlno aids.
PETALUMA TAKES DAY OFF.
Enthusiasm was a-plenty. There were
cheers along the line, the bulk of the
noise, however, being caused by the re
ception given two big floats laden with
pretty laundry workers clad In summery
gowns of purest white. The only dis
cordant note of the day was the derisive
yells and howls that came from a delega
tion of striking telephone linemen whose
raucous cries of "Scab, scab," spoiled at
spots an otherwise perfect exhibition.
The men of the mechanical trades
made a particularly excellent impression
Each union man wore a distinctive uni
form that Identified him with his trade
In the building trades there was much of
featured The iron workers carried their"
hammers and the crash and din of' anvil
and the sparks from forges, with the
clang of riveters at work, lent a practical
side to the scene. The steel rolling mills
men hauled a miniature steel bridge, a
tribute to their skill and to the industries
Grand Marshal J. B. Bowen, business
agent for the Building Trades Council,
had no reason to feel anything but a
thrill of pleasurable emotion as he sat for
two hours on his steed and watched the
marching hosts pass before him in re
view. He had well organized his demon
stration and sent it through without halt
or hitch. And it was variety of color and
feature that made the display the very
best that the labor organizations of the
city have ever produced.- There were
varied touches of color, numerous floats
of interesting and- typical design, catchy
uniforms and stirring music.
MARCHING HOSTS.
Philip M. Walsh. Arthur Arlett and
Judge Mortimer Smith, the Judges of the
parade, and J. B. Reboli. secretary of the
general reception committee, occupied' a
carriage, following the grand marshal and
his aids.
sands of men marched in a pic
turesque and emphatically distinctive par
ade through the city's streets. Thou
sands more of men, women and children
enjoyed the big entertainments that were
held at Idora Park and at Shell Mound
Park. St. Anthony's parish of East Oak
land held forth at the former resort for
recreation and the united Building Trades
councils of San Francisco and Alameda
County, with their scores of affiliated
unions, celebrated the day at Shell
Mound.
Business was at a stop for the day In
Oakland. Every merchant closed his
doors and made it a holiday in fact as
well as in name. All of the public build
ings, city, county and Federal, were
locked and official seal was placed upon
Labor day.
The public schools closed and will not
reopen until after Admission day.
Sixty unions were represented in the
long line, of men and women that formed
the procession this morning. In the line
were more than 5000 representatives of
every branch of industrial and commer
cial activity in the county. Each union
vied with its brothers to make an attrac
tive and large numerical showing. The
result was a large and an impressive ex
hibition of the strength of united labor
on the eastern shores of San Francisco
Bay.
OAKLAND, Sept. 7.— Organized la
bor marshaled its forces to-day
and made a brave showing in
celebration of Labor day. Thou-
This was. the building trades' division.
At the right of the line was the Oakland
Bricklayers* Union, the members wear
ing neat working uniforms- .of brown
overalls, gray caps and light colored
The Stage Employes' Union was repre
sented by a spectacular miniature stage
setting on a float.' .
The pressmen and the typographical
trades had their men in line, carrying the
lodge banners.
The Sign, Carriage and Decorative
Painters, Local No. 878, made an attrac
tive display with an elaborately embel
lished chariot and throne, occupied by
Miss Ttllle Mardls and her pretty attend
ants, Misses Maude and Emma Howland.
The Garment Workers* Union occupied a
bus. Marshal \V. Thompson headed a de
tachment of the Tailors' Union.
The shoemakers, soda water bottlers,
beer bottlers, bartenders, carmen and
cooks and waiters closed the first divi
sion, which was In charge of Marshal
Perry Conwell.
| Marshal George Fitzgerald commanded
the second division, one of the best in
line. His aids were E. Ayers of the
Plumbers' Union, M. A. Rowlands of the
Bricklayers* Union and F. L. Manning of
the Plasterers* Union.
In exact numbers there were in line
5123 men and women. Of these the Car
penters' and Joiners' Union made the
.largest showing. numerically, their forces
counting 428 men. Next In point of num
bers were the painters and decorators,
with 296, and third on the list came the
teamsters with 176 men.
The Bakers' Union, which had the right
of line with its perambulating bake oven
and its busy molders of dough, captured
the prize silver cup offered for the best
appearing union.
When Grand Marshal Bowen gave the
order shortly after 10 o'clock to advar.ee,
his five divisions were formed along the
thoroughfares crossing Broadway from
Seventh street to the water front. With
his escort, C. W. Petry and William J.
Baccus and Miss Lillie K. Sherman and
Miss Lizzie Hartz, the grand marshal
was followed by a band and the Bakers'
and Confectioners' Union headed the di
vision. The marching masters of t"he
oven wore suits of white duck with dain
ty blue sashes. John Guild commanded
the contingent. Three pretty little chil
dren. Alma Wollitz. Anna Burnecker and
Ida Jensen, escorted the union's banner
and the national ensign.
The barbers, 200 strong, with a shop in
operation as their float, marched under
tharge of their president, J. P. Davis.
Archie GIger had charge of the laundry
workers' section. Besides the men in line
there were, two large floats filled with
daintily gowned young women. Retail
Clerks' Union No. 47, marshaled by J. F.
Courtney, with D. Greenberg, W. Martin,
M. McDonald, J. Reboll and L.. Hyde,
was next in line. A garlanded wagon,
canopied and decked with flowers and.
greens, half-hiding an array of meats,
heralded the Butchers' Union, each mem
ber wearing a spotless white working
f.pron and cap.
MINIATURE, STAGE.
of the city. In fact, from the white
coated and capped bakers at the head of
the line to the last of the longshoremen
in their serviceable working garments
the display was one to attract more than
passing attention.
MANY CARPENTERS IN LINE.
Organized Labor Turns Out in Force and
Makes a Splendid Showing in a Pa
rade Through the Streets of Oakland
Seventh race, between the members of the
Building Trades Council of Alameda County
and the members of the Federated Trades— W
M. Simpson first. A. Perry second, G. K. Smith
third.
Special race for members of the Amalgamated
Sheet Metal Workers No. 270— D. Madden won
first prize.
Special race, for Felt and Composition Roof
ers — Paul Latlmer won first prize.
First race. 150 yards— John Bodkin first J.
W. Morey second.
Second race, 150 yards— F. N. Long first. J
W . Thompson second
Third race— J. E. Burke first, Joseph Hurlty
eecond.
Fourth race, 160 yords— Robert McShano
first, George Watson second.
A. F McCab a e C Ie C on°d. yard8 - JOSePh MUrphy fl "5'
Sixth race. 150 yards— John Durkey first. John
Fahey second.
Special race for members' wives of the Amal
gamated Sheet Metal Workers No. 270— Mrs
George Engler won first prize.
Three-legged race — P. Sullivan and J. Mur
phy llrst, Mark McDonough and G. Lowe sec
ond.
Race for wives of the members of the Build
ing Trades Council— Mrs. Mary Kelley flnit
Mrs. Perry *econd.
Fat men's race (200 and upward) — T. J. Con
nelly first. Louis Henderson second.
Sack race — Edward Wulzen first, Mark Mc-
Donough second.
The following were the results of the
events at Shell Mound Park yesterday
afternoon:
Race for boys between 10 and 15 years of agi
— B. Wilson first, Alfred Hartley second.
Race for girls between 10 and 15 years —
Helen Kelley first, Annie Anderson second.
Young ladles' race — Kittle Egan first, Mar
garet Turner second.
Young men's race (professionals barred) —
John lioilkln first, Paul Latlmer second
Married ladies' race^ — Mrs. Lettlch first, Mrs.
Walpert second.
Young men's race (professionals only)— Joseph
Sullivan flr*t. Otto Jelinskl second.
Fat ladles' race — Mrs. M. D. Kernan first,
Mrs. Ella Kronln second.
Men, Women and Children Compete
for Valuable Prizes.
RACES ARE EXCITTNG.
The changes to be made for the regenera
tion of the world must in the flrt-t place b«ar
on the laborers, on those who sweat and suf
fer In the workshops, on farms, In mines, etc.
It seems that nobody can assist, much less
save them. If they do not do it themselves.
For this reason their yoke has been shaken
only where they have hud trades umon«. ami
this but after many efforts, long exertions and
sacrifices. Their daily hour of toll being re
duced, their intelligence will brighten, their
power ar.d welfare Increase, and their liberties
extend in proportion of this reduction.
In view of these Indisputable facts, trades
unions r.re the principal organized power work-
Ing successfully within the bosom of modern
society for a change in the mutual relations
of men. In accordance with the progress of the
new order of things.
a n»w elavery. The old state of society, with
Its masters and slaves, has made room for
modern society, with its employers and em
ployes.
The twentieth century has not produced
mor- men of deep thought than its predeces
sors. The numerous wartf and immense ar
maments in each country prove that human
Bcntiments have not become purer. The man
ner of governing the nations has not changed,
since In the most progressive countries In the
republics, one finds the same customs In poli
tics as with the Romans 2000 yean ago.
Slavery, instead of making room for free re
lations among men. has changed its shape and
become more general. The wage system is but
SENTIMENTS NO PURER.
But if labor organization* have rights to be
vindicated and grievances to be fulfilled and
dangers to guard against, they should exercise
unceasing vigilance in securing their body from
the control of designing demagogues who would
make it subservient to their own selfish ends
or convert it into a political engine. They
thould also be jealous of the reputation and
good name of the rank and file of the society
as well as of Its chosen leaders. For while
the organizatk.i is ennobled and commands
the respect of the public by the moral and
civic, virtues of Its members, the scandalous
and unworthy conduct of even a few of them
Is apt to bring reproach on the whole body and
to excite the distrust of the community.
Activity is the law of all intellectual and
animal life. The more you live In conformity
to that law the happier you will be. An ac
tive life, like the purling rivulet. Is an up
faillng source of gladness, health and content
ment, while an indolent life, like the etag
nant ix-ol, bresds discontent, disease and
deat!u No man enjoys with a keener relUh
the nlghJ's rtpose and the Sunday and holi
day ren than the eon of toll.
EXEHCISE VIGELANCE.
Trades unions are the result and register
the rise and progress of the advanced thinkers
among the ware-workers of the past and the
present. The whole current of the world's
affairs — of human activity and achievements —
has been influenced by Its power and teach
ings. No other organized society has ever
<ione as much either morally, financially or
f ducationally as the trades unions. This may
appear as a bold statement, but when we re
member that trades unions have had to deal
with the poorest of mankind — with a class who
were for centuries the offspring of serfs and
servant** — the assertion will appear wholly
within proper bounds. Karly history, while
giving a fair idea of the rise and fall of na
tions, of the advancement In the arts and
sciences, of the fierce struggles to establish
new creeds in religion or liberal forms of gov
ernments, is stransely silent on questions re
lating to the. condition of labor. Possibly the
great cost of keeping records may account for
this, but certain it is that the laborers in ye
Good old times had no rights of any kind
eacept to die. The common people were re
garded as natural slaves and treated as such.
UNIONS REGISTER PROGRESS.
As we are having trying times for unionism
nowadays in our country, it is of the utmost
Importance that every union should have offi
cers thoroughly fitted to fill the places for
which they are chosen. They must be men of
Integrity and earnestneF*. They need to he
strong men, strong minded men. able to grapple
with the new powers and ready for any
weather. They have heavy responsibilities;
they stand for their fellow workingmen and for
solid principles. They ought to be as strong
as the controllers of capital. They ought to
be level-headed, for their obligations are fully
as serious as those of Congressmen or of cor
poration managers.' Their best abilities are
needed all the time; and it is encouraging to
know that at the opening of the twentieth cen
tury we have a few strong men In the service
of our country trades unionism.
The way to insure peace is to insure Justice.
That labor is entitled to a fair share of the
wealth It produces no fair minded person will
deny. That capital deserves protection Is equal
ly true, but what,is wanted is a guarantee Jo
labor that It will receive fair recognition and
a government that will give labor equal pro
tection with capital and punish the crimes of
both. It is unfair to place all responsibility
for force demonstrations on the shoulders of
labor until the laws grant to labor equal pro
tection with organized capital of this country.
There are hundreds of acts of violence on the
part of organized employers that are. fresh in
the min<ls of the people, and in all of them
there has been a notable absence of protection
to labor.
JUSTICE MEANS PEACE.
a nobler, a higher manhood. No man of Intelli
gence in this day denies this.
The very best is none too good for us. , We
want it and will never be ashamed to say ro.
Our families are Just as good as the. nexl.
Should we work under slavish condition?, that
the other fellow may enjoy all the. blessings of
life? Let everybody take courage. There i»
reason for doing so. There never was a time
In history euch as the opportunity of the pres
ent. Organize and keep organizing; increase
r.-ages and shorten hour*. Don't say this can
not be dune, for it can. It will be done.
The last division was marshaled by F.
Higuera with J. Cunningham and F. Ryan
as aids. The Brotherhood of Teamsters
made a splendid showing, each member
being neatly uniformed and carrying a
whip as insignia of his occupation. In
close order were the soda water, ice and
mineral water drivers, with a unique ex
hibit of fruit, fish, flowers and "soft
drinks" bottled and embedded In cakes
of ice. The wagon workers displayed a
massive anvil and the longshoremen, last
of all. brought up the rear with a float
bearing a full rigged ship, manned by a
host of youthful tars. The men 'wore
light shirts, dark trousers and white caps.
The long line marched through Broad
way to Seventh street, to Washington, to
Fourteenth and to Clay to San Pablo
avenue, to Eighteenth to Broadway,
countermarching on Broadway from
Seventh street north to Fourteenth,
where Grand Marshal Bowen and his staff
reviewed the marchers, after which they
disbanded. :.'J>; i
LINE OF MARCH.
The stationary engineers. M. Rose pres
ident, in suits of blue and white stuff,
closed the division.
J. J. Victory was marshal of the fourth
division: Miss Grace Cole and Miss Mar
garet Faulkner being aids. The local
unions of the carpenters and joiners of
America headed the division, followed by
the boxmakers and then the gaaworkers,
who carried vari-colored gas balloons. A
miniature gas works was used as a float.
The Laborers' Protective Union and the
Newsboys' Union with a little queen,
Juanita Defour, in a chariot, followed.
The United Brotherhood of Railway Em
ployes was represented by a delegation
from the West Oakland yards.
A boiler shop in operation furnished the
float for Local Union 238 of bollermakers.
H. Brown led the detachment.
The sewer workers and housemovers
brought the second division to an end.
Division three was in charge of Marshal
J. S. Carney and aids. James Monahan
and Daniel Madden. The Boys* Band
from tho Masonic Home played stirring
marches for the marching men, first in
line being the Painters' local, No. 127.
Marshal A. H. Hetherington. The men
wore white duck trousers, white hats,
and sunflowers. The departments of their
trade were represented In a decorated
float. The carpet mechanics, cement
workers, tallymen, brick, tile and terra
cotta workers followed with detachments,
making way for the Machinists' Local.
No. 2S4, Charles ICt-rns commanding.
There was a large delegation. Edward
Grlffen was at the head of severity-five
machinists' apprentices, who attracted at
tention. Each youth wore neat working
EUits of blue stuff, black caps, white
gloves and carried a machinist's ham
per. The iron, steel and tin workers es
corted a float that exposed big pieces of
steel construction from the Judson works.
John Martin was in charge of the union.
The men wore dark suits of trim appear
ance. —
MASONIC BOYS' BAND.
Each ipember of the Plumbers' Union,
J. Avaler president, bore aloft a parasol
of variegated color, the effect being
unique. The shinglers. nattily attired
and in command of J A. Mitchell, pre
ceded the Amalgamated Carpenters, "Wil
liam Jc39, marshal. The Metal "Workers'
Union escorted a model of a span bridge.
The electrical workers, R. P. Gale In
charge, carried wand3 crowned with in
candescent lamp bulbs. E. W. Davis
headed the striking Linemen's Union, the
members of which wore their everyday
working clothes and carried the tools of
their trade In bolts and swung over their
shoulders. A float depicting "fair work"
and "unfair work" lr. line and box hand
ling was sent ahead of the union.
shirts. Their float was a busy hive of
masons at work on walls and arches. The
hodcarricrs, seventy-five strong, with M.
Ryan and James Campbell, followed.
They wore a uniform of white relieved
by dark necktiea and soft gray hats. Al
Hilllam led the Plasterers' Union, the
members of which wore suits of white.
The lathers, J. P. Burke president, car
ried their hatchets in their belts, and for
a further emblematic device bore laths,
daintily bertbboned, for walking-sticks.
IMPORTANT INSTITUTION.
1 consider the trades unions the greate«t
safest and roost Important Institution of this
ape. The orcar.izatlon and maintenance of
trade* unions in of vastly more importance to
th* wage^amern than tnr other questions now
before the rublie. I hold, the easier a man
works, the higher his wages, the mere money
he Brands. In other words. 1 hold thai a.
nation of close fisted, Favir.g skinflints would
never mtke much progress along the lines I
hold that without trades unions the wage earner
'Wi never have «run>lus earnings to »vp pro
vided he liven in a manner to supply his neees
? ary wants, to say nothing of the Fo-calkd
luxuries cf life. The tendency of wages In
unorganized trades ic always downward Em
ployers If left to settlo the wage question will
always figure to make a profit on unorganized
labor, and at the same time undersell their
competitors. This kind of people are not In
business for their health.
Labor unions have produced thinkers and ed
ucators from out of their own ranks Ar.d
more yet. while doing this they have bettered
the condition of thousands of families I»> se
curing higher wages, *hert.?r hours and creator
1 impendence. They have Ktepp^a boldly to th»
front and worked revolution in American
thought. Trade unionism Is the engine, ihe
power, the lever by whk-li we hop/, to build up
day ifpent a most enjoyable day.
At least 10,000 people, lncludlnc the men
who marched in the parade, crossed the
bay to finish the celebration of Labor
day and not a one returned home dissat
isfied. The weather was perfect and un
der Its balmy influence those who had
marched over the cobblestones soon got
rid of that "tired feeling" and Joined with
those who had been simply spectators
during the celebration in San Francisco.
Not a man was too tired to dance, and
there were also plenty who engrafted in
the tames provided by the snorts com
mittee.
It was 3 o'clock before the programme
was called, and from that time en mer
riment reigned supreme. Fin* music kept
the dancing platform filled and the excel
lent programme of sports arranged by
the committee kept the interest of those
who cared not for the delights of Terpsi
chore from \ranlng. For those who cared
neither for dancing nor races there was
plenty of other enjoyment.
The addresses of the labor leaders were
a feature of the day and were listened to
by hundreds.
PZTEY PKA.ISES McCABTHY.
C. W. Petry, secretary of the Alameda
County Federated Trades, was Introduced
by P. H. McCarthy, president of the day.
Petry said:
Seldom is it in the history of the labor niove
raent of Alamtxia County that a man of my ca
pacity is called upon to address Euch a large
t-'i Intelligent gathering of laboring men. I
*«*1 almost poverty etrlcken for the \rant of
*on!i to express my feelings at toeing thus
honored To-day »e have inarched fide by eide
in cne 6olld phalanx, representing every craft
within the Jurisdiction! cf the building trades
end the Federated Trades Council of Alatneda
County.
Never before ha* there be«n such unison end
friendly feeling erleting- in the labor ranks.
And s.11 of this has been brought about by men
who have the best Interest cf the industrial ad
vancement of this country at heart, and it is
my wish that this feeling will continue to the
end that »e. as working people, will prove to
the entire world that education has wrought a
silent but lasting change.
I tak" the opportunity of «*ilogriztng that 11
luytrious man who. by his endeavors, has proved
himself to be worthy of the consideration of
¦jnr man, no matter how exalted his position
nay be. The rr.an I speak cf is P. H. McCar
thy, president of the State Building Trade*
< 'ouncil. Af ra« inor.tlor.ed in the outset, it
was Impodtible for me to do ju£tlce to this oc
casion and particularly to the man I have men
tioned. His every effort has not alone been to
protect the crpar.I zatlon represented by him,
but he has gone further tnd stepped in, not
'¦•.'Ay in this '.rr--ncdiate vicinity, but in the
north, the south, the east end the west of this
Kr'st State, in order that he might bring about
tica^e nr.d contentment in our ranks. Thou
*-'iiius of families have l»een benefited by his un
tiring efforts in their behalf. In closing, I wjrh
•¦> thar.k :he members of the various labor cr
can. rations r,f Alaiseda County for making our
rarade a success.
O. A. Tveltrsoe. secretary of the San
Francisco Building Trades Council, fol
lowed Petry. His address was In the na
ture of a warning to the worklngmen to
ptar.d by their unions. He cited the nu
merous benefits accruing to the working
men because of unionism, and there was
but one way for them to succeed and that
was to do their own thinking and to use
every endeavor to preserve their organi
sations.
BIBTH OF LABOB DAY.
John E. McDougald. Treasurer of San
Francisco, was the last and most im
portant speaker of the day. He was in
terrupted severed times by cheers during
the course of his remarks and when he
finished was greeted with a hearty one.
His address, in part, -was as follows:
Labor Day wa« first celebrated by the Build
ing Trades of New York. Monday fcVptrm
rtT *"'. 1**2- SInre th'n the idea of a general
ormonstration of orsanlzed labor has prown
in favor for Labor Day. This qui«ion made its
"PT-earance in the United .states Congress In
ISC. Through the influence of organized
labor a measure was introduced creating a
nollday for labor; but it eld not get twyend
the primary «ac<? in that year. Ir 1834 the
nutldlng Trades of New York brought its In
fluence to bear upon Senator Cummmg of that
Ftate. who took hold of the Labor Dav oucs
tion. introducing a bill In the Senale 'making
th» flrFt Monday In Sem-mber — Labor Day
a legal holiday throughout the United States
At the eea^ons i>cfs by. each Labor Day
murks an f.r»och In thp evolution of the, human
race. On that day the workers of the land—
thos* who carry our civilization on their Fhoul
ders — rather to review their past efforts Ftrug
glrw. viotorirs and defeats. They meet to re
kindle the enthusiasm of thrw who have grown
weary and worn out In the onward march
They assemble to strengthen and add now life
tn the aspirations of ell who hnn«»5tly strive
for a better and truer future — social! v "morallv
«nd mentally.
THE friends and relatives of the
members of the Building Trades
Council who went over to Shell
Mound after tne parade yester-
Addresses of
Leaders a
Feature.
Gayety Rules
at Shell
Mound.
TRADES ORG ANIZATIONS HOLD EXERCISES BEYOND CITY
Unions March
in Radiant
Cities.
Great Show*
ing Through"
out State.
SjxdaJ Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 7.— To-day was the
greatest Labor day ever held in
Santa Clara County. About 2000
union men paraded the streets and thou
sands of si>ectators wero along: the line
of march. Nearly every union was uni
formed and the whole line presented a
fine appearance. Business was generally
suspended and the holiday observed.
The committee of the Labor day cele
bration had Joined with tne Native Sons
of the Golden West in decorating the
town. Streamers of vari-colored banners
were strung across the streets, flags were
flying- and many stores had decorated
fronts. These gave a gala appearance to
labor's celebration and waa a pleasing
surrounding to the uniformed line parad
ing the city streets.
The labor unions formed on Third and
St. Jamu streets and at 10 o'clock the
procession began to move. C. W. Kins
waa grand marshal. President James H.
Morrison of the Federated Trades. D. J.
Gairaud of the Central Labor Council and
E. J. "White, president of the Building
Trades Council, occupied a carriage. Four
bands of union musicians were in tha
parade, one at the head or |£ch division.
All the unions made a fine appearance.
About fifty women, members of the
Laundry Workers' Union, marched In the
parade. They were dressed In pretty
white suits and attracted much atten
tion. A number of the Tinners' Union
wore tin hats and carried tin parasols.
San Jose Typographical Union had two
pretty little girls in white at the head of
its column as ribbon bearers to the ban
ner carrier. The union turned out nearly
one hundred members, the men wearing
white shirts and caps and carrying canes.
The women members of tne union occu
pied a six-seated carriage. The parade
was made up of the following unions:
First division — Cljrarmakers. Carpenters. Ma
chinists. Holders, Tinners. Tailors.- Material
Teamsters No. 1. Material Teamsters No. 2.
Engineers. Lathers. Boxmakers. Carpet Work
ers. Mechanics. Laborers. Protective Union.
Second division — TyposrraphicaJ Union.
Newspaper Writers. Stereotypers. Web Press
men, Painters No. 507. Painters. Mayfleld, No.
388: Painters. Lou Gatos, No. 271; Butchers.
Carpenters No. WS8. Carpenters No. 344, Cooks
and Walters. Laundry Workers. Quarrymen.
Lathers. Team Drivers No. 33.
Third division — Brewery TVorkera. Millmen.
Blacksmiths. Plumbers. Lumber Handlers.
Electrical Workers. Bottlers. Cement Workers.
Plasterers, Gilroy Federal.
Fourth division — BrlcJcmakers, Bakers,
Horseshoers, Specialty Builders, Barbers.
American Railway Union. Janitors, Retail
Clerka Street Car Men.
The line of inarch was from Third and
St. James streets to Santa Clara, to Sec
ond, to San Antonio, thence to First,
thence to the broad-gauge depot, counter
march on First and down Santa Clara to
Orchard street.
After the parade a picnic and barbecue
were held at Agricultural Park. About
five hundred people enjoyed the barbecue.
There was dancing, baseball, bicycle races
and sports of all kinds. Thi3 evening a
grand ball was held under the auspices of
the labor unions in the carnival pavilion.
There was a large crowd present and it
enjoyed the event until earlV hours In
the mornins.
The following awards were made on
the parade: Best float specialty. Novelty
Workers; special mention. Cooks and
Waiters; best banner, Typographical Un
ion; special mention, Steam Engineers;
best uniform. Laundry Workers; special
mention. Plumbers and Butchers; march
ing appearance. Brickworkers; special
mention. Painters.
The Garden City Wheelmen defeated the
Oakland Wheelmen in the twenty-flvo
mile relay race for the *C0 silver cup
offered by the federated trades. "William
son rode the first relay for Oakland and
beat Magglni out by 100 yards. In the
second relay Roberta ran away from
Gray and added another 100 yard3 to Oak
land's lead. Dieffenbacher overcame this
lead in the third relay and beat Heath
of Oakland out 100 yards. Oakland
through East cut this down and when
Berryessa finished he was but twenty
yards ahead. Walbel and Smith met in
the last relay. Waibel waited for Smith
and they fought the race out in the
stretch, winning on a spurt by two
wheels.
PORT ARTHUR. Texas. Sept 8.— The Stand
ard Oil Company's steamer City of Everltt.
loaded with 12.000.000 gallons of oil. caught
fire from an explosion last night and Is still
burning at the docks.
THE £AN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1903.
3
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
TES EEAI, CAUSE.
The Ancient Scalp-Fever Theory Ex-
ploded. x ,
At one time dandruff was attributed to
the result of a feverish condition of the
KcaJp. which threw fcff the dried cuticle
.in scales.
• Professor Unna. Hamburg. Germany,
noted authority on skin diseases, ex-
plodes this theory and says that dan-
druff is a germ disease.
This germ is really responsible for the
dandruff, and xor so many bald heads. It
ran be cured If it is gone about in the
right way. The right way. of course, and
the only way. is to kill the perm.
Newbro's Herpicide aoes this and per-
mits the hair to grow luxuriantly, Just
as nature intended it should.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit. Mich.
Schilling's Best
U» bxkioj -powder fp!c«t
cctfite fiaroricr extract! coda
are all true in both senses : all
v entirely true. #
Al yoor creccr'i ; fioeerbach.
DB. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
A Nervous Woman
Will often feel compelled to stop the
clock whose ticking seems unbearable to
her. In such a serrous condition the
woman needs a building np of the entire
system. It is useless to attempt the cure
1 i. 1 111 1 al **^n **^ the genes
while the canse
[^^¦s^^ispJS Ff n£if °* tne nerrous-
HfflflnS5pBB5gl IZU a ess remains un-
[Hfflr v!*i__!llr^£l c 001113 ©!! cause
E&l&Lrt-JilS^ ?*" nerrouOTess
jbJg&Fr^qJlSi *° wonien is a
i&gi J 1 / k&Oi t *° n ° f tte *^ e^ c * te
BSStwnfl ?r38^ wotnBnly or jj An ism.
sM/lil S§£ ** r ' Ple t ce ' B F*' r ror-
Sr//// k£9 * te P 1 **^? 1 * 00 cures
«¦//( l Mf\ womanly diseases and
'*#/ \! 1 eKS the nervousness which
iff I \l fcf'fl theycanse. Itchang;3
V»V \\L.f| irregularity to regular-
'^r^ I ity, dries the drains
• * which weaken women,
heals inflammation and ulceration and
cures female weakness. It is a perfect
tonic and nervine, tranquilizing the
nerres, promoting the appetite and in-
ducing refreshing sleep.
"I was so nervous I had to have some oae by
ray side all the time, mu in the daytnae. and I
could hardlv eat anything-." writen Mrs. Sehna
Erickson. of 496 Rice Street. St. Pan!. Minn. - 1
quit all the doctors and began tating- yonr med-
icines; I gained right along. I am as well and
feel as good as erer."
25Z2m£ F °R women
WHO CANNOT BE CURED.
Backed up by over a third of a century
of remarkable and uniform cures, a record
such as no other remedy for the diseases
and^ weaknesses peculiar to women ever
attained, the proprietors and makers of Dr.
Pierce 's Favorite Prescription now feel
fully warranted in offerinz to pay $500 in
legal money of the United States, for any
case of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness, Pro-
lapsus, or Falling" of Womb which they
cannot cure. All they ask is a fair and
reasonable trial of their means of cure.
World's Dispensary Medical Asso-
ciation, Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y.Fourth race — Federal, Best Man,
Sweet Tooth.
Fifth race — Allista, Fox Lake,
Cognomen.
Sixth race — Our Bessie, Floyd K,
Dodie S.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — The Hebrew, Oudon,
Lanark.
Second race— Last Knight, Mattie
Spencer, Emma A. M.
Third race — By Ways, Henry Bert,
The Don.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
Fifth race, live and a half furlongs, selling
Alllsta 106, King Ellsworth 107. Toltec 102.
AUc« Commoner 100, Sol Smith 08. Oleometer
98, Gus Quarles 88, Miss Comet 95, Fox Lake
US Louis Meinlng 95. Henry Lyons 85, Coroner
Kelly 93, Hoceo 00. Away Right 00, Apollinaris
00, Cognomen 00. /
Sixth race, one and three-sixteenths miles
selling— Banish 105, O'Hagen 102. Dodle S IOO'
Bard of Avon 07, Kunja 07, Our Bessie 04
Floyd K 00
First race, four and a half furlongs, maid
ens — Easterly IIS. Ccmrade 118, Janet Fonso
115, Lachaprone 115, Falcon's Pearl 115. Flor
ence Fonso 115. I Must 115. The Hebrew 108
Lanark 108, Oudon KW, O'er the Rhine 105
Red Bird 105. Bill Walters 105, Grangeman
105, Mary Dunn 105.
Second race, six end a r*If furlongs, sell
ing— Iwanta 107, James J. Vorbett 105. Las t
Knight 105, Balm of Ullead 105. Emma A M
102. Ermack 102, Mattie Spencer 102, The
Cedars 102. Marshalsea 102. SchwarzwaM 10°
Tkp Rabbit 1)7, Nyda 97.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards
Henry Bert 106. Alline Abbott 101, Callant 101
The Don 04, Sherry 01, Mauser 01, By Ways
01, Florence H 01.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs, sell
ing — North Wind 110. St. Cuthbert 102. Mayor
Johnson 102, Golden Wishes 102. Best Man 10*>
Sweet Tooth 105. Sharpless 105. Evelyn Byrd
07, Federal 07, Zyra 07.
CHICAGO, Sept. 7. — Harlem entries:
HARLEM ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— Mile and 70 yards; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
7 to 1— Brush By, 03 (Wilson)... 4 3 1 14
8 to 1— Carat. 101 (J. William).. 3 2 2 £
20 to 1— Lady Matchless. 06 (Ferl) 5 4 3 2
Time. 1:44 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. S. C. Hildreth's b. f. by Ben Brush-
Atala. Fading Light 100, Charlie Thompson
106. Frank M 08. Fair Lady Anna 05 Miracle
II 105 Dr. Leland 06, also ran. Rosewater
03. fell.
Time. 1:33 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. Corrigan's b. c. by White Knight-
Remorse. Louisville 07. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey, St. % Fin.
6 to 5 — McGee, 00 (Wilson) 2 111
8 to 5 — Talpa. 87 (S. Bonner)..'... 3 4 2 3
0 to 1— Warte N'icht. 04 (Knapp). 4 3 3 4
FOURTH RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
5 to 1— Patsy Brown 102 (Philips) 2 1 1 h
30 to 1— Caselne, 107 (J. Daly).. 5 2 2h
5 to 1— Wm. Wright. 105 (Otis).. 3 B 3 ft
Time. :53 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. F. T. Woods' b. g. by Prince Plenty-
Dora Wood. Shawana 107 Annie Davis 102
Badger Girl 102. Silk Maid 102, Fred Leppert
110. Touchstone 101*. Tokalon 102. Foresight
107, St. Paris 105, Katie Powers 102. also ran.
Time. 1 :58 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. H. Respess' b. h. by Six Dixon-
Kentucky Belle. Lendin 01. Major Tenny 07,
Judge Himes 11C. Don't Ask Me 85, Claude
115, Dr. Stephens 107. The Don 66, Nitrate
114. also ran.
THIRD RACE — One and three-sixteenth*
miles; Twentieth Century handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 5— Six Shooter. 115 (Knight). 9 5 13
8 to 1— Linguist. 104 "(Davis) 5 2 2 2
S to 1— Hands, 107 (Relff).' 1 3 32
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase; ehort coursn;
handicap:
Bettir-K. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. %, Fin.
20 to 1— Mr Ro»e. 125 (McMahon) J « 1 l'i
C to 1— Duke York II. 15*1 (Brodie) 8 4 2 h
23 to 1 — Eva Moe. 13a (Peters)... 2 2 3 h-j
Time. 2:32 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. W. Rlley's blk. h. by Ben Himyar-
Tube Rose. Senator Matts 153, Falella 148.
Anchor 13$ Paulaker 130 Trend The Mere
138. First Past 133. also ran. Ed Adack 140.
broke down. Golden Link 163. fell. Coro
natus 130 refused.
FIRST'RACE — Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Tin.
4 to 1— Hindus. 100 (Adklns) 4 1 1 H
9 to 2— L'Etrenne 100 (S. Bonner) 2 2 2 n
0 to 1— Walnamolnen 106 (Brdwl) 8 9 3%
Time 1:13 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner L,. Jones' b. g. by Volante-Ingate.
tted Raven tM. Paul Whaley ICO. Monsieur
Beaucaire 100 Wilful M Crusados 107. Sylvia
Talbot 1O.T Stem Winder 97, Oregor K 107,
Belle of Mllford 100, also ran.
Six Shooter waa a heavily played favor
ite, being backed from 2 to 1 to 3 to 2
at post time, and he was pounds the best.
He broke last in a field of eleven starters,
but Jockey Knight gradually worked hi*
way up until he reached the stretch,
where he raced into second position.
From there to the wire he made a show
of: his field, winning by two arid a half
lengths/ Summary:
CHICAGO. Sept. 7 — J. B. Respess" Six
Shooter to-day won the Twentieth Cent
ury handicap at Harlem in a gallop.
Fred Cook's Linguist was second and
Corrigan's Hargla third. Claude and
Judge Himes, the much-talked-cf three
year-olds, were never prominent. Claude
finished eighth alter a rough journey.
Judge Himes was sixth.
The handicap was worth $7310 to tho
winner and the one and three-sixteenths
miles was rim In 1:58 3-5. as against the
world's record of 1:57 2-5. made by Scln
tillant in this same stake last year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Olaude and Judge Himes
Finish Back in the
Wins the j Twentieth
Century Handicap in
a Gallop.
HOLLOW VICTORY
FOR SIX SHOOTER
MIGHTY M'CHESNEY TAKES MEASURE OF EASTERN RACERS
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 7.— CSus Ruhlin.
the Akron giant, fought six rounds to
night with Kid Carter of Brooklyn at th»
"Washington Sporting Club. The former 1
had much the better of the bout, th«
Brooklyn man receiving much punish
ment.
Ruhlin Severely Punishes Carter.
Tell Your Eastern Friends.
Colonist ra.te« from the East to California
via Southern Pacific begin September 15 and
close November 30. The rate makes it easy
for settlers to see the great West.
Third race^ — Irby Bennett, Decora
tion, Donaml.
Fourth race — Theory, Dr. Cart
ledge, Optional.
Fifth race— Hilee, Flintlock, Dr,
Hart.
Sixth race^ — Sting, Legation, Kit
ty G.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Eliza Cook, La Rouge,
Algareta.
Second race — Ache, Easter Walters,
Mon Chere.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
Second race, five furlongs, selling' — Fonsa
dera 105. Enigma 105, Ache 105, Lady Fons^
105, Cardona 105, Blu» King 100. Hoedown 100.
Fend Memories 105, Spencerian 100. Easter
Walters 105. Jessie Weller 1<V\ Mon Chera 103.
Third race, one mile, selling. three-year
olds, purse — Tambourine Girl SMX Rejoice 93.
Zulma 95. Donaml ICO, Crime S5, Ultra. Vires)
0«. Bird Slayer 05. Class Leader 103. Decora
tion 104. Irby Bennett 107.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap, purse —
Dr. Cartledge 8-S. Theory 9«. Barkelmore 96.
Optional 110. Frank Bell 117.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell,
ing— Dr. Hart 95, Barca 100. Hilea 105, Rl*
Shannon 103. Flintlock 110. W. B. Gates 104.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, seminar
purse — Miss Guido 100. Broodier 1C9, Legation
109. Sam Houston 109. Sting 104. Clales IOO.
Tickful MO. Kitty G 100. Rengaw 104. Tenny
Belle lOt. Charles G 104.
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
Lennle Powell 104. Crescent City 104, Algareta
1C9, Salmus 104, Certain 109, Eliza Cook 104.
Halrnls 100. Rochester 109. South Fork 112.
Baccie 100, Eleanor Ho-ward 104, La Rougs
10O. Cotton Plant 100.
ST. LOUIS, Sent. 7.— Delmar entries:
DHLMAR ENTRIES.
SEVENTH RACE— One aad a sixteenth
mllea; selling:
Bettlnjr. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin
8 to- 2 — Morris Volmer. fBoyd).... 3 115
12 to 1 — Eugenia S. 02 (Stovall).. 1 2 2 t
(X) to 1 — Maple. 97 (L. A. Jackson). 2 4 3 X4
Time. l:4l>Vj. Start good. Won easily win
ner. J. E. Basquils b. h. by Devotee-Lacka
wanna. Our Lady 02, Balrd 105. Larry Wilt
105. Little Lois »7. Varna Fonso 85, Noweta 30
Dr. Clark 100. also ran. '
SIXTH RACi: — One and three-sixteenths
miles; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weljrht. jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 1 — Brown Vail. 95 (Uvins^ton) 2 1 1 n
5 to 2 — Charles Rarasny, US (IJybee) 6 3 2 10
8 to 1 — The Bobby. 90 CPerkins). .. 8 6 S n
Time, 2:04U. Start sood. Won driving. Win
ner. C. E. Burnett & Co.'s br. m. by Chatham-
Blue Vail. The Way 107, Peat 10«. Satin Coat
96, Kentucky Cardinal 90. Lord Roberta 90 also
ran.
FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling:
BttUng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1 — Reverse Dare. 105 (Calvtt). 9 5 1 n
« to 1— Montana Peeress, 100 (Shea) 6 « 2 2
9 to 1— Ur.a Trice, 100 (Perkins).. S 8 .1 h
Time. 1 :23. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, O. O. Moshler & Co.'s ch. m. by Only
Dare-Mollie Jones. The Stewardess 100. Sweet
Charity 105, Ethel Davis lfi',, Orleana 100.
Nearest 105, LIndenella 100, Weird 95, El Rey
105, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Mllo and seventy yards;
Labor day handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
6 to 1— Evea O, RS tShea) 13 18
8 to 5 — Jordan, 110 (Sheehan) B 5 2 nk
5 to 2— Htlen Print, 101 (Smith).. 2 2 3 4
Time. 1:4.1*;. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Mrs. J. Coffey's ch. f. by Juvenal-Slstev
Geneva. Pave Soinmers DO. W. B. Gates 05,
Pourquoi Pas 97, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse:
Detting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Lord Hermence. 101 (Smith) 3 4 1 H
4 to 1 — Ingoltbritt. 101 (Calvlt) 4 3 2 2
4 to 1— St. Noel. 103 <Boyd) « 2 3 2
Time, 1:00%. Start goo<1. Won driving. "Win
ner. J. F. Daniels & Co.'s b. c. by Hermence-
Blcidy Doyle. Toupee 103. Lady Free Knight
103. Wigwam 100, also ran.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs: aelltn*:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. Fin.
4 to 1 — Dotty Shute. 10rt (Sheehan) 4 3 15
3 to 1— Irene Mac, 0o (Perkins).. 5 5 2 1
11 to 1 — Detest, 95 (Livingston)... a - '¦• n'<
Time. 1:16. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. II. Pechrnan & Co."a b. f. by Longflsh-
Freddie. Aylmer Bruce 03. Hluegrrass Girl 101.
Whiten 0>*. Harpluhe 00, Miss Manners 108.
Sealskin 05. Leila May 105. ilistle 03, After
the Ball 101. also ran.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 7. — An excellent pro
gramme of seven races at Delmar Paris
drew out a big crowd this afternoon.
The Labor Day handicap was won handily
by Evea G, the California mare. All of
the races were Interesting and some fin*
sport was witnessed. The track was fast
and the weather clear. Summary:
FIRST RACE— One and a sixteenth mtle»;
Belling:
Bettiu*. Howe. Weight. Jockey. St. %, Fin.
15 to 1— Einstein. 103 (Garrison). . .10 4 12
4 to 1 — King's Court. 1<J»> (Smith) fl 1 2 h
15 to 1— El Can«y, 10O (Wallace).. 8 8 3 I 1 *
Time, 1 :50»i. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Mrs. H, Butts* & Co.'a b. g. by Riley-
Ma?gle B. Dawson 97. Branch 10"-'. Chickasha
85, ryArcy 90, The Advocate 03. Whttmore 97,
Modern Monarch IC, Crossmollna. 97, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
Long Prices Against the
Afternoon's Bracket
Earners.
California Mare Wins
Labor Day Handicap
at Delmar.
EVEA G FIRST
IN STAR EVENT
BRAINERD, Minn.. Sept. 7.— State Senator
A. F. Ferris died to-day after an operation for
appendicitis. He wad president of the First
National Bank. of Bralnerd.
LIMA, Ohio. Sept. 7,-Dan Patch broke
the world's pacing record of 2:04^4 on a
half-mile track on the Lima driving track
this afternoon in the presence of 10 000
persons. Better time, would have been
made, -but McHenry'had to hold- him up
on. the" last turn on. account of his nearly
breaking. . Time by quarters: :3l, l-oi
1:32%; 2:04.
Dan Patch Clips Off Quarter Second
in Presence of Ten Thou
sand Persons.
.BREAKS PACING RECORD
ON A HALF-MILE TRACK
Articles Between Heavy. Weights for
a Twenty-Five -'Round Battle
Have Been Signed.
Jack Johnson, the colored heavy-weight
prizefighter, signed with Sandy Fergueson
of Boston yesterday for a tw en ty-nve
round go to be held under the ausplce 3
of the Colma Club on October 16 Fereue
son will leave Boston for the coast lml
mediately, probably arriving here Thurs
day or Friday. .
Fergueson is aspiring to meet Jeffries
in the near future. He is a veritable slant
being six feet three Inches in heigh! Snd
tipping the scales at 220 pounds when in
condition. He Is barely 21 years of asre
Johnson's record as a fighter is well es
tablished by his contests In the aleia of
the Reliance Club and elsewhere AH ve
ly fight is promised when the two heavy"
weights get together. y "
SANDY. FERGUESOir TO
• JOHNSON
First race — All Eight, Blacka
moor, St. Valentine.
. Second race — Irene Lindsay, Cam
eron, Alabarch.
Third race— Qcfean Tide, Mimosa,
Little Em.
Fourth race — Africander, The
Picket, Duke of Kendal.
. Fifth race— Knight of the Garter,
Setauket, Baron Pepper.
Sixth race — Leader, Stamping
Ground, Payne. .
Fourth race, one 'mile and three furlongs.
The September— 'Beverly 103, The Picket 126
Duke of Kendal 120, Africander .126.
. Fifth race, one mll«r and a rurlon». Belling-— .
Dark Planet ©7, Mabel 1 Richardson 103, Baron
Pepper 107. Carbuncle • 107, ¦ Wild Pirate 96
East Kelston 93, Hoodwink 102, Sir Roche 100
Lord Turco 92, Knight of the Garter 01. Se
tauket 101, The Rhymer 109, Thornycroft 88,
Satire 103. Beverly 88, Rocky 00. .- v
Sixth race, one • end .a. sixteenth miles on
turf, handicap — Duke of Kendal 120, Yellow
Tall 117, Conundrum 11.1, Rostand 113, Tribes'
Hill 111. Payne 111. Black- Hussar 110,-Flor
ham Queen 110, Stamping Ground 108. Car
buncle 107. KallflOT. Stqnewair 105. Leader
105. Jane Kay 104,/ Damon 103, Brigand 103,
Agnes D 100, Colonsay i>8, Mohican 90. • •> .•
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SEIJ3CTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
Second race, eix and a half furlongs on main
track, selling— Mary Worth 100, Athlana !>9,
Cappamoore 104, Canajoharifi 108, Oclawaha
100, Alabarch liM, Ennui 104. Tarn O'Shanter
103, Operator 108, Tuscan 113, Forward 100,
Young Henry 115, Castalian 106, Cameron 108.
Stuyve 102. Irene Llndsey 0t>. Ascension 100,
Foxy Kane 101. Mary Street 103. ' :
Third race, five anl a half furlongs of Fu
turity course. The Bells — Fine Art 10.0, Mem
ories 107, Sonoma Belle 100, Golden Drop 110
Tepee 100, Palette 107. Graceful 107. Little Em
100, Ishlana 115, Burdette 100, Ocean Tide 115,
Marniee 100, Possession 115, Monsoon 100, Mi
mosa 110, Hortensla 110. - ¦ : ¦
First race, six furlonrs or Futurity course,
two-year-old maidens— St. Valentine 112, Pol
Roger 112. Phaser 112, Blackamoor 112, Octo
ber Flower 109, Tog 109, Alt Right 118, Monte
bank 112, Brooklyn 112, Midshipman 112, Rob
Roy 109. Grapsus 100. Blytheness 100, Briar
Thorpe 109, Responsive 100, Armenia 100,
Oamestress 109, Cedar Rapids 109.
NEW YOKK, Sept. ".—Sheepshead Bay en
tries:
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
"Winner, Mexican stable's ch. f. by Star Ruby-
Moon Flower. NIc Long-worth 86 also ran.
Ray ; C. Ewry of the New York Athletic
Club 35 fet 8% Inches in the
three; standing. broad jumps, beatine his
owniand the^world's best record of 35 feet
n* .inches. •; Harry L. Killman Jr. of the
New.. ~York Athletic Club ran 440 yards
over the hurdlts ¦ In ' 65 3-5 seconds He
covered ten flights, two feet six "nches in
height, but unfortunately knocked^ over
the very, last one so that th« performance
cannot etand as a record.- His «2™«t»
At 1 , 5 Jerome Bu <* of the New Jersev
Athletic' Cllub^by. four-fifths of T second
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.-Fourteen thou
sand persons saw the talltin games of
the Greater New York Irish Athletic As
sociation at Celtic Park. Long island
City, to-day. Four record performances
were made. James S. Mitchell of the
New York Athletic Club made a new
St T eC t°i!" d T fo , r u throw «ns the 66-pound
weight in the Irish style, with unlimited
run .and .follow. Mitchell's performance
of .48 feet 5 Inches bettered by four inches
the previous best throw by T F Klelv
? f JT£ P ?" ary \ Ircland - Mltch e" also es
tablished an American record for putting
the 42 pound stone, another old Irish
game never before contested in this coun
best throw was 26 *£t
Members of the New York Athletic
Club Improve on Previous
Performances.
NEW RECORDS ARE MADE
AT THE TArLTIN GAMES
WESTERN TURF CHAMPION
WHO IS WINNING EASTERN
LAURELS.
«.:10 trot, purse $1500 (unfinished) — Dr.
I 5??. S o'^,, the thlrd and fourth heats In
f : »H- 2=12%. McKinley won the fifth heat
in The Roman, who won the first and
ssQond heats In 2:12ft and 2:10, was distanced
In the fifth. George Muscavite. Heeplan. Nel
lie Owynne and Edgewood also started.
Hartford I-\iturity. foala of 1900. two in
three, purse $7500— Sadie Me won the second
and third heats In 2:12=54. 2:11^. Ethel b.
Prlde won the first heat in 2:14Vi. Lord Rob-
CrtSl . Del 's ht . Lizza and Miss Anlaw also
stflrtPu.
the track. Thousands of persons
swarmed across the track to the scene of
the accident, believing that both horse
and driver were seriously injured, but
both escaped with a few scratches. Doble
went before the judges and claimed that
he had been Interfered with, but as he
made no specific charge the judges, after
a long consultation, decided that The Ro
man was distanced. Summary:
2:30 sace, purse $3000^-King Direct won
three straight beats in 2:09V4. SiOlHi, 2:V9»4
Elastic Pointer also started.
2:14 pace, purse $1500 — Sagwa won throe
straight heats in 2:11%, 2:13%, 2:15%. Kiowa
and Alvln R also started.
ACCIDENT MABS RACES.
Loosened Boot Causes Defeat of The
Roman.
HARTFORD, Conn.. Sept. 7.— The
throwing of Bud Doble in the 2:10 trot,
which resulted In the distancing of The
Roman, which had; won two heats, pre
vented the completing of the programme
at j the opening day's races In the fall
meet of the Grand Circuit at Charter Oak
track to-day. It was during the last
event on the programme that the. acci
dent occurred and it was too late to fin
ish the long drawn out 2:10 trot, the
judges postponing the final heat until to
morrow, when the heat winners will de
cide the contest,. ... ... .
At the three-quarters mark In the fifth
heat Doble. behind The Roman, was
forging to the front, when a boot became
loose and dropped so as to trip The Ro
man, who staggered. Doble, realizing
that an accident was unavoidable, threw
himself from the sulky, landing bard on
SIXTH RACE— One and three-quarters
miles on turf; handicap for three-year-olds and
upward.
Betting. Horse, Weight." Jockey. . St. % Fin.
8 to 5 — Moon Daisy. 93 (Hlgglns). 1 1 1 XL
S to 5— Circus. 06 (J. Martin) 4 2 28 '
5 to 2— I-iord Badge. 07 (Redf crn) . . 3 3 3 3
Time, w:07 1-5. Start good. Won driving;.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs on
Futurity course; two-year-old fillies: selling
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin "
S to 1— Ishlana, 109 (O'Neill).... 2 1 1 3 •"
12 to 1 — Funnysldo, 107 (Redfern). 12 2 1
7 to 1— Toi £an, 94 (Detouza) 4-3 3 2
Time, 1 :0« 4-5. Start straggling. Won easily
Winner, Lr.tua stable's br. t. by St. Gatlen-
Darin*. Mordeila 99. Pirouette 104. Revelation
94, Purple Iris 09, Stroma 04, .Vagary 94, Ml
mon 01. Vlona 101, Zennlco 04, Palm Room 93
Lady Mirthful 04, Charter 101., Cantaloupe 104
Destiny 04, Luminosity 04, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — The Twin City handicap
rne and >>¦ Quarter miles. • • ¦
Betting.' Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. 9J Fin
2'to-l— McChesney 120 (Fuller)..' 1 2 1 1&
8 to 2— Hermia, 120 (Odom) 3,1 2 1
50 to 1— His Eminence, 100 (Hlgns) 6 5 3 4
Time; 2:04 3-5. Start fair. Won easily
Winner. K. E. Smatbers* ch. c. by MacDult-
Manola. Douro 119, Proper 97, Caughnawaga.
111, Injunction 111, Igniter 108, Shorthose 110
Sheriff Bell 92, Thorneycroft 02, Hunter Ralne
112, also ran.
THIRD RACE— The Sapphire stakes for two
year-olds; five and a half furlongs on Futurity
course- .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
30 to 1— Luxembourg, 103 (Gray).. 111%
5 to 1 — Hazelwood. 121 (Coburn). 6 5 2 1
11 to 6 — Dimple. 10.1 (Burns) 5 6 3 2-
Time. 1 :07. Start bad. . Won driving. Win
ner. A. L. Aete's ch, c. by Loyallat-Lyihe
Yellow Hammer 10S. Prince Balm 108, Don
John 110", Jacquin 108, Raider 108, Rlverdale
10S, also ran. ' - ¦ < •
SECOND RACK-;Sx furlonsg on main
course.
Hotting. Horse. We!pht,- Jockey. St. % Fin
4 to 5 — Leonora Lortng.HO(Rdfrn) 3 1 ¦'! 4*
15 to 1— Mamie Worth.113 (Burns). 6 2 2 6
G to. 1— Olympian, 113 (Gannon)... 7 3 3 iiz
Time. 1 :12 4-5. Start fair. Won' easllv
Winner. W. C. Whitney's b. f. by Dr. Macl
Hride-Hoyden. ; Wealth 120. Plater 123 The
Rival 110. Auriesvllle 10S, Monograph 113, also
ran. . . .
There was only a few momenta' delay
at the post, and they were off to a good
start McChesney was first to show, but
Odom on Hermis immediately sent his
mount to the front, and making the pad
dock turn opened a gap of two lengths,
with Injunction second, one length in
front of McChesney. At the half-mile
pole Hermis had increased the lead to
tour lengths and was going easily. In
junction was second, a head In front of
"Big Mac." Coming to the three-quarter
po'.e Hermis was still leading, but there
Fuller began to make his run, and quick
ly disposing of Injunction set sail for
Hermis. Rounding the far turn McChes
ney slowly closed the gap between him
and the leader, snd three furlongs from
the finish he was right behind Hermis
and gaining at every stride.
As the pair swung Into the -stretch Ful
ler drew his whip and shook it at Mc-
Chesney. The Smathers horae drew away
and won easily by one and a half lengths.
Hermis had to be ridden out to secure the
place. Summary: . •*;.
FIRST RACE— Steeplechase; four-year-olds
and upward: about two miles.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. K pi n
7 to 5— Fulminate, 153 (Dnhue). 3 1 1 ii
11 to 10— Fox Hunter, 145 (Green) 4 3 2 6
10 ta 1— Wood Pigeon. 153 (Mara) 12 3 8
Time. 4:12. Start good. . Won driving. Win
ner. J. E. Widener's b. g. by Rayon d'Or-Lon
Kollet. Silver Twist 137 also ran. . •
As the horses were at the post Smath
ers' money began to show itself. His
commissioners were busy, and it is esti
mated that he cleaned up something more
than $50,000.
The demonstration accorded McChes
ney as he. flashed under the wire was
probably the heartiest that has ever
sreeted a winner on the Eastern turf.
The cheering began before McChesney
had finished and continued until Fuller
eased up his mount on the paddock turn.
On his return to the scales it was re
newed, several thousand persons joining
in the cheering, -while hats, canes, hand
kerchiefs and umbrellas were thrown into
the air.
day. McChesney was always a
warm favorite, closing at 2 to 1. He equaled
the track record for one and a quarter
nii'.es, made by. Waterboy'. on June 2 of
this year, covering the distance in 2:04 3-5.
E. R. Thomas' Hermis was second, with
the outsider, His Eminence, third. '
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.—E.E.Smath
ers # McChesney, the pride of the
West,, won the $3500 Twin City
handicap at Sheepshead Bay to-
Fourth race, one mile, selling, 3-year-old and
upward— (51 59)Cambaceres 107, (5159) Illowah..
110, (5123) Constellator 110, (5159) Anvil 07
Fifth race, five-eighths mile, 2-year-old fll
lirw.nell'- Vista, Stakes— (5131 > Cyrette lat
(4235) MJ*s May Bowdish 103, (5146) Metlakat'a
110. (5153) Eva D J00. (5139) Wlgcins 103
(5150) Anne M*rie 115.
Sixth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling,
3-ycar-old and up— (5155) Teufel 110, (5123)
MlRS Vera 110. (5164) Bill Young JOS. <51M)
Malapaquet 105 (M54) Klfln King 110. (B1S7)
Blandura 1C5. <516«) The Miller 105. (5123) Myr
tle H 110, (5162) Ll«bt Braid 105. (5150) Dwight
Flrrt race— (Special Drummers)— Harry It
Candy Joe. Duke Cameo, Charles S Yolo Belle
Second rs.ee, 2:30 class, trotting— Louise Cro
ner. Sproul. Rosle Woodburn, Dollexa Una K
Donnlbrcok. Moor Rose. Get Away, Jupiter K
Third race, five furlongs, selling, all aires—
(5142) Royal F 112. (5150) Hercules 112 imjiii
Vontollern 112 (5064) Ship - Me 100 ' fSl^fi!
ENTB.IES FOB TUESDAY.
SjiCRAMEN'TO. Sept. 7.— TTie San Francisco
team batted out another -rietory to-day by land
Ing, on Keefe'e dITeringi In the third Inning for
Bev«*» raft hits, which, combined with a bat
ter^" erro* -allowed «ix.nm« to iscore. This re
reption hid no apparent effect upon the yoim*
str^ however, who twirled th« rime . out and
did ,.*jcc*l|rjit-. work until tbe finish. " But hi.
<ilsactrou^ third Inning rave- tb* visitors a lead
that the. Senators could not overcome. Score:
Elcramento-^- T Ban Francisco—
-* AB.R. IT.-P.A. ¦•¦•'•• AB.R.H.P1
Ca*v.2b. 4 113 3|6hay.«... 2 11 1 i
Hldbrd.lf 4 O, 1.2.0 Meaay.rf S 1 4 5 n
MU?n.r/ ¦» 1.3 1 lllnrtn.3b. . 3 O 2 1 a
KacLn.a. 5 ,1 .1. 4 J l«hji.lb J 1 1 13 O
Tmad.lb. 4 12 7 1 Zearfss.c 4 1 1 " ?
Sh*bn,3b.4. 1 1 l 4Krug,cf. 8 1 1 2 0
Doyle.cf. 5 0 2 2 2.Lynchlf. 3 2 12 0
Grahm.c. 4 114 2lDelms.2b 4 l" 2 •> 2
K.eefe,p. 3 0 0 O OjHerr.p... 4 12 0 2
Total* S7 6 12 24 lf.l Totals 33 ~9 18 27 12
. RUXS AND HITS BY IXNINQS.
Eacramento 0 1 10 1 2 0 0 l— «
na*e hit* 12 2 0 13 0 0 3—12
S«n Francisco 0 0 6 0 10 2 0 x— »
EM« hiu 2 17 2 10 2 0 x— 15
SUMMARY. '
Stolen bases — "Mear.y. Lynch. Errors I>ahy
Pbeehan. Three-base' hits — Townsend, Meany
Delrnas, McLau^rhlla. Two-base hits — Ciiaey'
I^ynch. Hllflebrand. First base on errors— San
Fraocisco 1. First bas« on called bails Off
Keeje 6, off Herr 4. .Left on base* — Sacra
mento 10.. San Francisco 9. Struck out By
Ke«f« 2, by Herr 1. Hit by pitcher — Sbeehaiil
Ke«fe, Irwln, McLatighlin. Double plays
DeUnas to Leahy; Doyle to Eagmn. Tlm« of
f*a»— Two boura. Umpir^HO'CpaatU. . (
KEEFE SUCCUMBS IN. THIBD.
LOS AXGELES. Fept. 7 — Drinkwater looked
ea«y to Seattle to-day and they went for hl« de
livery for a total of seventeen hits and eleven
runs. From start to finish they batted hii
curves to all <-om«-rs of the lot. St. Vraln «oa
by no rneam-a puzzle for the locals, but some
poor Helping and inability to hit the ball when
men were on base* accounts for their email to
tal of runs. Corbett hit for a home run in the
fourth inning, and Dillon got three hiu In four
tfm»« at bat. Attendance, 5000. Score-
Seattle— | Lo« Ang«l««_l
AB. R. H. PA. AB R. H PA
Luroly.cf 6 0 15 0 Hoy ef 4 1 2 10
NohVr.a« 1 3 2 4'Welr.Sb 4 0 12 1
Smith, rf 5 1 2 0 0 Ccrbtt 2b 4 1 2 2 •!
Br«ihr.lb4 3 2 13 0 Dillon.lb 4 0a 7 1
Zin»mar.lf 1 1 1 1 OjOrv'ath.rf 4 0 0 4 0
Hatber.lf 4 1 1,0 oinoss. lf.-4 0 0 4 0
Andrw«.« 5 O 2 2 2 Toman. 8 4 0 0 4 T
Jni4r.g.Sb 4 2 2 13 Hurlbt.c 4 O 2 3 1
Ry*r.. c. 5 1 2 3 1 Drkwtr.p 2 0 0 0 1
£tN>aln,p B 1 1 0 0 __ _____
tw-.w-h it * I0 1 Touu - 3t 2 10 a io
RCN'S AND HITS BY IXNING3.
Lr* Angeles, v..O O O.l O '-O'"o' 1 O— 2
T*Mt hlM... 1 0 12 1 2 1 2 0—10
Seattle .......;., 0 2 0 3 10 2 3 cZ\X
I^ee hit«...... 2' 3 112 0 3 3 2-17
/ ;../.' '' B^TMMART. •)¦
Stolen Aise«— Lumley. Braifhear, Zlns-ar Fr
ror»«r-Wh«Kjer. Rose, lyjnkwater. Hurlburtl To
betC Barter TVo-Wm hiu-Dillda. -Janssing
rorw-Se*ttIe v r Flr*t t*8e on called balls— ©3
Prtnkw»t f r . 2-.btt St. Vraln. I. Struck Wf-
By «t. \>aiT>.'2; by. Drinlrw»er. 1. LefT on
r!f*er— t»ra«»i P ar. J>»ub1e play»— AtKlrews- to
MohW t» Braehear. Time of game—One hour
and_lfty minutes. Umpire— McDonald
DBJOTKWATEB AN EASY MARK.
One mile. selling, purse $225— Heather
Honey, br. . f.. . by. Odd Fellow-Annie Clark
102 (Henderson). 7 to 1, won; Dolly Welthoff'
109 (See). C to 5. second; Kitty Kelly VSyi
(Chandler). 8 to 5. third. Time, 1:41U Jud^
Voorhlea also ran - - r,' " UUKe
; Six,. furlongs, telling.' puree $225— Maresa ch
to:, by True Brtton-Mayetta. 109 (Hjldebrand)'
8 to 5. -won; Gold Scratch, 112 (See) 6 to 1
•ecOad: Umber Jim. 112 (PowelJ) ''3 to 1*
third.' Time. Ul*\k- El Plloto, Honduran
Bill. .Young and Mountebank also ran.
Seven started In the sixth event, with
Maresa closing an 8 to 5 favorite. The
mare had Hildebrand on her back, and
after making all the pace was ridden out
from Gold Scratch, a 6 to 1 shot. Show
honors went to Limber Jim.
SUMMARY.
Trottu-jf, three in five, .Stanford stake for
1903: total amount of stakes paid in to June
1, 1903. $1790:
Tuna. b. f.. by Jaines Madison-Ituna
<8anfli"ni) i » j
Fwirt B (ZIbble) '..'.'.'.'.'. 2 2 2
The Jester (Becker) .". 3 3 q-
La Correct* (Spencer) 4 <j
D. E. Knight (Abies) a. '
Oynx (Hodges i a'
' Time— 2:16%. 2:2H4. 2:20U.
Running, nve furlongs, filing, purse $225
DuEty.- Rhodes, c. f., by Majrnet-«eneva, 1H
(Bozeman), 4 to I; won; Pat Bulger 111,
• Frawley). 5 to.l. second: Doris. 108 (Tullett)
2 to 1. third. • Time. 1 :02%. Samar. Easter
Lady and Nora al«o ran. -
Six furlongs, celling, purse $225— Jack Rich
elieu Jr.. g. g.. by Jack Richelieu-tTna B 112
(Tullett). 3'4 to 1. won; Iras. 103 (Hildebrand)
evtn, second: Ma<!ame Blf hop 109 (Chandler)'
5 to 1. third. Time, 1:18^. Quldado* . Mer
wan. Chenano and Ml»s Remwn also ran '
Seven furlongs, .celling, purse $225^Tamm
b.*.; 1>y.JfW AVur-Brook. 10K <See) '-'ft. to 5*
wpri; Dark. -Secret, 114 (Hildehrand) ' & to l'
second; Wandrrlng Boy .,114 O'owell) Z.tn "'
Uilrfl ; Tl me. 1:2«% J T S. Isabella. Light
Hrald anri Rubino also ran. ~' h " 1 .
i/ Governor Pardee handicap, one mile Dlvina
t:.Ol.;*t5y Bassetlaw-Anrelique 106 *L Jack"
•ori.lVi to 1. won; IWcerdon. 112 (Burk) 13
to'"UV:«»cos0; Horatius,. 110 (Powell) 3 to 1
third. •• ; Time, J :3S%. Solon. . Chilcno . and
Qrafter, also. ran. ¦ - : ¦ >¦ '..-¦> ¦ - .
Billy Magrane's Tamm, played from
threes down to 8 to 5, took the seven-fur
long run. Frawley, who had the mount,
trailed Rubino and Wandering Boy, the
favorite, to the stretch. Then assuming
the front position with his mount he won
from Dark Secret by less than a length
in a mild drive. "Wandering Boy found
the route too far, finishing a moderate
third.
Powell on Samar, the favorite for the
two-year-old scramble, did ' not get his
mount away to any advantage and cut
no figure in the running. Bozeman astride
the 4 to 1 chance Dusty Rhodes was first
to show, and holding Pat Bulger safe in
the stretch won cleverly by a length. Be
hind Pat Bulger the second choice
Doris finished a poor third.
• To Hildebrand's wretched ride could be
attributed the defeat of Iras, the even
money choice for the six-furlong selling
affair. Vic Gilbert's lightweight got his
mount pocketed on the rail early in the
race, being unable to pet clear sailing un
til well into the stretch. Then he got
down and rode hard, but could not quite
catch Jack Richelieu Jr., the gray gold
ing earning a nose decision. Madame
Bishop, the early pacemaker, ran third.
DUSTY BHODES WINS.
The third and last heat also saw the
favorite extended from the word. Swift
R being at her wheel all the way and
only losing by a neck. Tuna leaving her
feet just after crossing the line. The
Jester was distanced in this heat.
The bookmakers were kept busy and as
there were several good breaks could
likely be credited with having a good
day. Tamm and Maresa were the only
choices in the running events to land.
Tuna, the game daughter of James
Madison, captured the Stanford stake,
thereby repeating her victory in the Oc
cident stake and duplicating the feat of
the crack colt Aristo last year. The
night before Henry Sanders disposed of
the filly to J. de la Montanya at the re
ported price of 5.W0, but drove her In to
day's race as in the Occident stake. She
sold an overwhelming favorite and again
Swift B was the only other starter capa
ble of making her race.
In the first heat she stepped to town In
2:16%, which time has been beaten but
once before in the stake, then by Rio
Alto, whose mark is a quarter of a sec
ond lower. In the second heat Tuna left
her feet about a furlong from the wire
and it looked as if Swift 15 would surely
take the heat, but Sanders picked her up
and, making a drive for it, caught and
passed the colt seventy yards from home,
where he made a Jimmy under the forced
pressure.
LUCK FOB BOOKMAKERS.
Dlvina started in the Grove L. Johnson
stake, at the track last we£k and his own
er bet $700 on her, but Jackson failed to
get the mare away with her field. To
day the ptable let the mare run unbacked.
In fact, h?r owner was not present. Other
duties also prevented Governor Pardee
from visiting the park. Dlvina is a live
year-old bay mare by Bassetlaw-An
gelique and is a product of Rancho del
Paso.
The favorite, > trailed by : . the light
weighted CHileno, cut out the running for
three-fourths of a mile, which was
stepped in 1:13%,' with Dlvina In third'po
eitlon. Headed for the wire, Jackeon on
Dlvina lrt the mare down and she quick
ly assumed the lead. At the close Jack
son was taking her up. Haperdon was
.second and the three-year-old Horatius,
shouldering 110 pounds, third.
BACRAMEXTO r Sept; 7.— Despite ecim^.
ter attractions.' "tl»«\l»rge«t.:cro?<rd of 'the
meeting filled the grand stand and bettfesj
rlhg at Agricultural Park this afternoo^
and eome high-class sport was witnessed-
In the Governor "PardeV handlcaplat a
mile, for which' a field of six jaras con
eipied to Dick Uavey'scare. LMvtha, car
rying Liee Jackson and 106 pounds, won in
a common canter by ten lengths in l:2S^i,
a new- California record, supplanting the
1:33 first- set by- Bannockburn which that
horse made at Tanforan and repeated at
Oakland. The betting : favored Ragerdon
with 112 pounds up, the Cameron entry
closing at 12 to 10. -
Cperial Dispatch .to' The CajC
Bill Devereaux Lets Browns
Down With a Hun and
Five Base Hits.
Oa*:«i1— I Portland—
AB. n. H. P A i AB. R. H. P- A.
PHaracf 2 2 18 0 niake.rf. 4 0 0 10
Franck.t 4 111 3 VHurn.cf 4 0 0 10
Mknia..'Jb 4 0 3 0 2 Na.dtu.lf 4 112 1
fchwz.2b ft 0 3 2 4'FYncls.3b 3 0 0 14
Murtk.rf 4 1 O 1 O Holwth.s 4 0 13 6
rtwsrty.Ib 4 1 2 IS 0 Elwy.lb 4 0 1 13 1
/ohir.n.c. 4 0 12 2 I<al4y.2b. 4 0 14 3
Kruger.lf 4 0 0 3 OHcks.c... 4 0 0 10
t>*verx,p 4 11 0 2,Mcrris.p. 3 0 117
Totals 35 6 12 27 Hi Totals 34 1 5 27 22
HUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 1 0 0 O 1 1 1 1 1— «
Baae-hitj 2 0 1 1 2 1 2 1 2—12
Portland o 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0— 1
Ba»« hiu ......0 1 1 101001—6
. i - SCMMART.
Home rwn— Messerly. Stolen bases — O'Hara
<8). Kramer. Errors — Raidy, Francks.
Prhwartz, O'Hara. Two-base hits— Elsey.
Francka, Raidy. Sacrifice hlt» — Franci*.
O'Hara Franck*. First base on errors—Oak
land 1 Portland 3. F(r»t base on called bail*
— Off Morris a. Left on bases — Oakland 7.
Portland 7. Struck out — By Devereaux 1 by
Mon-ls 1. Hit by pitcher— Moskiman. Tim*
of kum — 2:00. Umpire — Levy. Attendance
9S50.
ACTION AT THE START.
The Cripples opened the battle amid a
storm. O'Hara was passed to first, but
Frar.cks forced him on a bunt to the
Indian. Then Dr. Mosklman and Schwartz
tapped the ball out for lusty singles and
Francks ran in. The Brownies tied It up
in the. fourth, when Nadeau was on third
and two out. Elsey hit a high fly to
O"Hara, and the latter let it pass, giv
ing the Brownies their lone tally.
Then the Cripples began a systematic
course of run getting. Every man had his
eye on the leather, and the Indian kept
throrrtng 'em right over. Every once and
a while the Cripples would open up and
bang. In a run. In the fifth Messerly
cleared the center field fence with a long
drive, the only home run on the grounds
for many days. The score:
But the Indian is not entitled to all the
praise. Some is due old Bill Devereaux
for the way he handed it out to the
Brownies. The veteran wound them
around the nicks of the batsmen and
twined 'em down lew, but still they never
could pet Jerry to his kind. Once Willie
O'Hara was thougrhUefs enough to let a
fly ball drop through his mitts. Then the
Brownies got a run, but none before or
cftcr.
Morris showed that he is a natural ball
player by the way he fielded his position.
Eight chances came his way and he ate
up every one. He Is cool, calm and col
lected and never gets rattled. He will
let the crowd kid him till it gets tired,
ar.d then he will glance up and give It
the merry warwhoop.
And though the native American slab
st/>r was ph-en the wallop time and time
again. It must be said that he has the
poods, and when he learns a little more
about fooling the opposing battmen he
will land oftcner. He used a swift ball
yesterday, with Just a trifle of an out
curve attached to It. and sent It sailing
over the plate so seductK'ely that the
OripplQs could net pass up the temptav-
Tion of hitting It out ever} 1 now and then.
NATURAL BAXL PLAYER.
Tfce bi£" Indian chief Sam Morris, who
made- his getaway from the wigwam* of
the far north several days ago and land
ed 1h the midst at metropolitan civiliza
tion, Earned what It was to get hU
bumps at the Eighth street lot before a
holiday rrowd yesterday. He eaw the
beatlni? coming and took It gamely and
with a deal of Kraee, and was In the
parae. >M Cie time. Score — Oakland 6,
I'ortlarxJ 1.
I"erhap3 not 6ince that memorable day
r.carly two years ago when the mighty
Bsbe Wadfidl awed a howling multitude
has fo much' attention been bestowed
upon any one ball toeser as was accorded
th»> red man yesterday.' As soon as he
made his appearance the warwhoops and
the cheers filled the air, and never ceased
till all was owr.
W. L Pet. W. I>. Pet.
!». Anftte.MM .«3S TortJand -•-•« 7 *-«J»
Fan Fran 81 OS JM Seattle ...... M 78 .427
Kacratnt-cto .73 « .JilljOakland ..'..64 b9 .424
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Daughter. Wins: Stanford
'h^P: ! . Stake:' 1 ' .
Tuna, James Madison's^Game
Cripples Take a Liking
to Offerings of Sam
... Morris. '
High-Class Sport Seen
.at -the Track in
; ; jSacramento:
INDIAN PITCHER
GIVEN DRUBBING
DIVINA MAKES
A NEW RECORD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1903.
Sheepshead : Bay Throng Gives " Big Mac " Remarkable
Ovation as He Canters in a Winner From Hermis
and Other Good Ones in Track Record Time
PRIDE OF WESTERN TURF
BEATS HIGH-CLASS FIELD
4
ADVj^.tiAi&iiM£JNT£L T^ fVW
Scrofula manifests itself in many ways. Swelling of the glands of the
neck and throat, Catarrh, weak eyes, white swelling, offensive sores and ab-
scesses, skin eruptions, loss of strength and weakness in muscles and joints.
It is a miserable disease and traceable in almost every instance to some
family blood taint. :/'¦¦./<
Qr>rr.fii1i i<5 hrprl in thf» s* Scrofula appeared «n the head of my
bcrolllla IS Drea mine £gSE&* little grandchild when only 18 months
bone, IS transmitted Sf5r^^¥i ol d, and spread rapidly over her body,
from mrpnt tr> child ©Vrs *r» The disease next attacked the eyes and
trom parent to enna, Xg&fr we foartjd she would lose her ii?ht. Em-
tne Seeds are planted in <P ua] inent physicians were consulted, but
infinrv itid unless the ' nv "»/ could do nothing to relieve the little in-
miancy ana Unless me -¦¦}&-£/& nocent. It was then that we decided to
blood IS purged and pu- .^«tg£353??§ try S. S. S. That medicine at once mads
rifipH nnd pverv atom of -S^tSKSv^ a speedy and complete cure. She is now
nnea ana every atom oi r^y^ j a un^ lady and haa never b8d a 8ign
the taint removed Scrof- / ¦ r of the disease to retnm.
nit i<5 sure to develoo at MRS. RUTH BERKLT,
uia is sure 10 ae\ eiop at 15Q South Btreet . Saiina, Xa'n.
some period in your life.
No remedy equals S. S. S. as a cure for Scrofula. It cleanses and buildA
up the blood, makes it rich and pure, and under the tonic effects of this
great Blood Remedy, the general health improves, the digestive organs are
S-~-> y*— s, strengthened, and there is a gradual but sure return
fr"-*^ 1^^ to. health. The deposit of tubercular matter in the
. V^^fc. joints and glands is carried off as soon as the blood
h^Dj lS^/ is restored to a normal condition, and the sores, erup-
V»*A tions, and other symptoms of Scrofula disappear.
S. S. S. is guaranteed purely vegetable and harmless; an ideal blood
purifier and tonic that removes' all blood taint and builds up weak constitu-
tions. Our physicians will advise witho*it charge, all who write ns about
their case, j Book mailed free.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CAmBATTXES IN MONASTTB.
Imperial Troops in Numerous Clashes
With Revolutionaries.
.CONSTANTINOPLE. Sept. 7.— Official
dispatches from Monastir, dated August
31, and September 1. 2 and 3, give details
of numerous skirmishes of the imperial
troops in. that district. A body of Bul
garians I intrenched In the hills between
Lake Rodenik and the village of Yelendle
was attacked by the troops and lost thir
ty-flve men killed. The remainder of tlie
band, seeking to escape pursuit, threw
themselves, into the lake and were
drowned.
At the village of Resna twenty-two in
surgents were killed and around Fiorina
forty others perished.
A band of 200 revolutionaries was dis
persed at Boussovo, five being killed. In
the district, of Vlshanl two strong bands
were annihilated. The women and chil
dren who were found in the forest were
fed and sent back to their villages.
At Smlluo a number of fleeing insur
gents set fire to eleven houses. A strong
wind and the explosion of hidden bombs
The banana and potato are almost Iden
tical in chemical composition.
Hilo Ships Frogs to San Francisco.
HONOLULU, Sept. 7.— The frog in
dustry In Hilo has risen to the dignity
of an export trade, 500 frogs beinjr shipped
by a recent steamer to the coast. The
batrachlans are destined for th« San
Francisco market, where It is hoped they
will be appreciated by Callfornian epi
cures, with the result that Hawaiian
frog legs will soon be an Important item
on all coast menus that aspire to be up
to-date.
The. revolutionaries destroyed the light
house near Limanpulevo. The Sofia Vedo
most! states that Roumania is strength
ening her military position on the Bul
garian frontier.
The newspaper Poshta asserts that all
the villages in the district of Leren are
burning. According to revolutionary es
timates Turkey has now in Macedonia an
army of 175,000 men, with 3700 horses and
440 guns.
In an engagement at Simen, Losengrad,
the villagers joined the Turks, who were
defeated. The Insurgents * afterward
burned the village as a punishment to the
inhabitants for aiding the, Turks.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Sept. 7.— In official
quarters there is a suspicious absence of
news from the Interior of Macedonia and
also from Adrianople, and it is feared
that the conditions there are. steadily be
coming worse. The Macedonian organi
zations are straining every nerve to force
Bulgaria into a war. The large and small
bands are crossing the frontier of North
ern Macedonia, where General Zontcheff
and Colonel Yankoff are organizing the
insurrectionary movement, which ls ex
pected to break out in the valley of the
Struma before the end of the week. The
Macedonian committees are prosecuting
ah active campaign to raise funds in Bul
garia. They are addressing letters to
everybody in a position to contribute to
the cause. The applications usually do
not refer to the revolutionary movement,
but ask aid for the starving and home
less fugitives from Macedonia.
Where wealthy citizens decline to sub
scribe the organizations do not hesitate
to make strong representations. A rich
merchant of Phlllppopolis was recently
told that unless he contributed $5000 his
house would be blown up.
Several fights are reported from the dis
trict of Losehgrad. At the Bashi Bazouk
village of Sashira the Turks lost twenty
men. At Tersidere a band fought 300 sol
diers all day. with the result that the
Turks lost thirty-seven men and the In
surgents lost five. At Prespan, in the
Okerda district, fighting has long been
proceeding between insurgent bands and
an army of 20,000 Turks. The latter are
reported to have lost more than 200 killed
or wounded. An engagement lasting all
day has been fought at Pritylisti, Mon
astir vilayet, in which the Turkish loss
was given as forty and the Insurgent loss
as five. A band led by Yanko Stoyanoff
has destroyed the village of Gorinoka
' vieve, ¦ Carlpengrad, a notorious haunt of
Turkish brigands.
Turkey Has Nearly Two Hundred
Thousand Men in Field.
FIGHTING IN MACEDONIA.
The orthodox Russian observes 1S5 state
holidays.
NEWPORT, R. I.. Sept. 7.— Bishop
Thomas Marsh Clark, Bishop of Rhode
Island and by virtue of his seniority pre
siding Bishop of the Episcopal church in
this country, as well as the oldest Bishop
In the Anglican community, if* not in the
world, died 'suddenly to-day at his home
in Middleton, aged 91 years. In 1898 he
gave up the active duties of his diocese
to Rev. William McVlcar, who now be
comes Bishop of Rhode Island. Bishop
Clark became the presiding Bishop of the
Episcopal church in this country in 1S99.
NOTED EPISCOPAL BISHOP
IS SUMMONED BY DEATH
CzarJs Troops to Move Out of the
Manchurian City on Oc
tober 8.
LONDON, Sept. 8.— A dispatch from
Peking to the Times says that In a note
sent to the Wai Wu Pu Sunday M. Les
sar, the Russian Minister, gave a promise
that Newchwang and Mukden province
should be evacuated October 8 and con
firmed the Chinese agreement to open
Mukden and Tatungkao to foreign trade.
RUSSIA WILL EVACUATE
NEWCHWANO AND MUKDEN
CONSTANTINOPLE. Sept. 7.— War be
tween Turkey and Bulgaria ls now re
garded here as Inevitable. It is even be
lieved that the outbreak of hostilities will
occur before the end of September, when
the reinforcements from Asia will have
been concentrated in Macedonia and in
the vilayet of Adrianople. It Is not
thought that there will be any formal
declaration of war. In view of Bulgaria's
vassal status, but that some frontier in
cident will precipitate hostilities.
The Bulgarians and Macedonians resid
ing in Constantinople are In terre-r of
massacre. A large number of them were
arrested a few days ago as a "preven
tive measure." and they have not yet
been released. The fear of a massacre
is probably exaggerated, although, in
view of the present excited state of Mus
sulman feeling, an Insignificant incident
might lead to » massacre.
The terrible accounts received regard
ing the conduct of the Turkish troops
have not surprised European circles here,
but many who have hitherto been opti
mistic in their views now accept the pre
vailing belief that Turkey is on the verge
of a catastrophe.
A consular dispatch from Salonica says
that, according to authentic Information,
the Insurrection in the district of Mon
astir has been practically stamped out.
Bashi Bazouks assisted the regular troops
In the work of repression, which ls said
to have been carried out with sanguinary
ruthlessness, the object of the Turks be
ing apparently to exterminate not only
the Bulgarian inhabitants but all Chris
tians of whatever nationality.
Outbreak May Occur Before the End
of September.
WAR THE ONLY SOLUTION".
No official confirmation is obtainable of
the Constantinople report that Austria
and Russia will ask the signatories of the
The Russian and Austrian representa
tions regarding the necessary action
against Bulgaria reveal the attitude of
these powers toward Turkey and the
whole Balkan question. They affirm that
Bulgaria has been acting in bad faith in
giving secret countenance to the insur
gents and giving th.em hope of ultimate
success, thus rendering Turkey's task of
pacification more difficult and delaying yet
longer the execution of the programme of
reform accepted by Turkey. The language
of the joint, proposal assumes that a set
tlement of the Balkan trouble is attain
able If Bulgaria is forced to cut off all
connection between the two sides of the
frontier.
BERLIN, Sept. 7.— Russia and Austria
have proposed that the powers take coer
cive dipomatic action at Sofia, with the
aim of severing the relations now existing
between Bulgaria and the Macedonian in
surgents. Germany has assented, but sov
eral of the powers have objected and the
Russian and Austrian proposal probably
has fallen through.
Two Powers Favor , Coercive Diplo
matic Action at Sofia.
RTJSSO-AUSTRIAN PROPOSAL.
According to a newspaper the two hus
sar regiments recently recruited from the
tribes which founded the Ottoman dynas
ty and which were presented with colors
by the Sultan have been attached to the
second division of the imperial guard.
The Sultan has appointed as a sergeant
in his military suite the son of the cus
toms official who was attacked by offi
cials in ¦ the Kirk-Kilisseh district.
LONDON, Sept. ,8.— The Times, states
that masses of Inflammatory proclama
tions are again being distributed among
the workmen at Odessa, Kief, Baku and
other centers bearing the stamp of tne
Socialist revolutionary party.
spread the fire and many other houses
were destroyed.
The defeated Insurgents at Kllssura
burned the villages of Zopovltch, Jopa
lina and Scherchenidga. . .
A band of Bulgarians burned th*e vil
lage of Ilajidonlshmend, !n the vilayet of
Adrianople. and then escaped across the
frontier into Eastern Roumania. Revo
lutionists who' were intrenched in the
Sourssourol Pass, near Raslog, attacked
a detachment of troops, but were re
pulsed with loss. These insurgents were
attired in red uniforms and obeyed bugle
calls.
Berlin treaty to sanction their Joint mili
tary occupancy of the disturbed terri
tories, but such a policy is not considered
Improbable.
SANDUSKY, Ohio, Sept. 8.— The steam
er Louise, which left Sandusky for Leam
ington, Ont., at 6:30 o'clock yesterday
morning, had not arrived at that port at
12:30 o'clock this (Tuesday) morning. The
distance is fifty miles and the trip across
is usually made in four or. five hours.
Telegrams from Leamington at 1 o'clock
this morning state that nothing has been
seen or heard of the vessel with her 120
passengers.
One of the heaviest storm3 in years
has raged on Lake Erie during the day.
The Louise may have gone Into shelter
at one of several points along the route.
The Louise ls a large fishing tug and
has been in service for twenty years.
Crowded Vessel Fails to
Reach an Erie
Port. .
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 7.— Unless Colonel
Griffith J. Griffith tenders his resignation
as a member of the Board of Park Com
missioners by to-morrow. Mayor Snyder
will officially notify the City Council that
"he has removed him from office.
This announcement was made this even
ing by the Mayor and serves In a meas
ure to show the depth of feeling which
pervades the community as a result of
the shooting of Mrs. Griffith in Hote*
Arcadia at Santa Monica Thursday night.
As yet the resignation has not been forth
coming, but It may be in the mails, Col.
Griffith having refused to discuss the
matter although his manner showed that
he keenly feels the implication which this
action carries with it.
The Griffith case will be called in the
police court to-morrow for the purpose
of arraignment and the date of the pre
liminary trial will be set at such a* time
as Mrs. Griffith will be able to appear if
she recovers, which, despite the fact tha^t
she has shown a decided improvement to'
day, is by no means certain.
Colonel Griffiths ball will remain as It
is unless his wife dies In which event he
would of course be rearrested and held
without bail on a charge of murder. He
is being closely watched by those who
have interested themselves in his behalf.
The tremendous strain to which he has
been subjected ls telling on him, and to
guard against possible rashness his
friends do not leave him alone at any
time during the day. His extreme ner
vousness is increased by the fact that
for days prior to the shooting he had
been drinking heavily and it would not
be surprising to his friends if he were
compelled to take to his bed. He is be
ing kept off the streets as much as pos
sible and denies himself to all except
intimate personal friends.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The insurgents are now said to number
25,000 well-armed and efficiently com
manded men. Their leaders will stop at
nothing to secure resources for their
.equipment. The Sofia correspondent of
the Daily Telegraph says:
I am in close touch with the insurgents and
am enabled to affirm emphatically that unless
acceptable proposals shall Ik? maoe witnln iv^x
or three weeks. Europe will be startled by a
record of deeds unequaled in the blood-stained
history of the East.
The Morning Leader's correspondent in
Sofia says the Turkish policy is to draw
the insurgents into action at all points.
The bands, however, are avoiding con
flicts until their preparations shall be
completed." They are gathering in masses
at various strategic points with a view to
a comprehensive movement within ten
days.
An unconfirmed report from Vienna
states that the Bulgarian exarch has
been shut up in his palace because of his
refusal to issue a further pastoral letter
asking the Bulgarians to lay down their
arms.
A dispatch to the Times from Monastlr,
dated September 5, says:
In Turkish circles war with Bulgaria ls con
sidered to be imminent. Hlltnl Pasha, In
spector general of Macedonia, says !)• sees
no other solution. The final reserve* are be
ing- warned to hold themselves In readiness,
and orders have been issued to the principal
towns to supply horses and money and other
wise to aid the military preparations.
In the feverish attempt to stamp out the
insurrection in this quarter so as to release
the troops for operations elsewhere, there ls,
unfortunately every reason to suspect that an
attempt ls being mado to produce the Indis
criminate slaughter of the Bulgarian element,
in which Christians of all denominations are
in danger of being treated alike. Should this
prove true there can be no hope of saving the
greater part of the Christian population in the
remote districts of Western Macedonia.
Accounts from both Turkish and Insur
gent sources of the operations in Macedo
nia show that the work of extermination
is proceeding ; unchecked, and. although
the powers are making, some' effort to in
terfere, it is believed that nothing of a
serious nature will . be done until after
the meeting of the Czar and Emperor
Francis Joseph in Vienna, when It may
be too late.
LONDON, Sept. 8.— Special dispatches
from the Near East published this morn-
Ing add little fresh news regarding the
situation in the Balkans. All of the cor
respondents in Constantinople emphasize
the apparent danger of war with Bulga
ria, while the Sofia correspondents are
equally insistent as to the prudent and
correct attitude of Prince Ferdinand and
his Government. - .
Entire Christian Population of All
Nationalities in Western Mace
donia Faces Exter
mination.
Police Judge Will To-Day Conduct
the Arraignment of the Man Ac
cused of Assault to Mur
der His Wife.
Foreigners in Constantinople
' 2 Expect Early Declara
tion of War.
Mayor Adds New Feature to
Sensation il ShooXing
Case.
LAKE STEAMSHIP
HAS DISAPPEARED
LONDON, Sept. 7.— As an outcome of
the disclosures made in the report of .the
South African War Commission It ls ru
mored that the resignation of Lord Lans
downe, the former War Secretary and
present Foreign Secretary, may be ex
pected shortly. It is added that he will
be succeeded as Foreign Secretary by
Brodrick, the present War Secretary, and
that Wyndham. the Irish Secretary, will
be made head of the War Office.
A meeting of the Cabinet will be held
shortly for" the purpose of discussing the
fiscal questions now before the country,
but it is generally believed that the atti
tude of the people with respect _to the
findings of the War Commission, as
shown. by the proposal to send a monster
petition to King Edward for Lord I-ans
downe's dismissal and by the publication
of cartoons illustrating his lncompetency,
will be considered and that something
will be determined upon as necessary to
stem the tide of indignation now flowing
against the Ministry. . '„.
War Secretary Brodrick Is
Named as His Probable
Successor.
Millionaire Must Leave
Los Angeies Park
Commission.
Great Powers Tarry-
While Massacres
Multiply.
Rumor Is Circulated in
London That He
Will Resign.
RESIGNATION
OF GRIFFITH
IS REQUIRED
MURDEROUS
TURK SLAYS
UNCHECKED
LANSDOWIE MAY
RETIRE SHORTLY
THE FAN FBANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1903.
5
ADVEBTISEaZElITS.
z=Z^j£.5-i07-\oo post "s-r. =^ F^7^ 1^ .
iilSlSalili
San Francisco has two celebration days scheduled for this week,
and that nicans two less business days. We are naturally ambitious to
keep up with and excel, if possible, our selling record for the correspond-
ing week of last year. We are confronted with the task of doing six days'
business in lour. Three department managers were asked to get up lists,
inchiding the best they had to offer, r.nd here they are.
We have never offered better bargains before, and if you realize the
value of the opportunities we are placing before you. we arc positive that
last year's record will be broken, even if we are handicapped as to time.
Ready=to=Wear Silk Department
C\ *3 t*n-| C±X1 i~C Plmt Tloor.
V-SClE 11IC1119* Silk Crepe— A beautiful fabric for
«.„„,, «... evening wear; In light blue. pink.
Ssccad nocr. nU(>< tan> cream> cardina]f blaek<
I«oui» xnr Celt* — Made of fine qual- French pray and turquoise: 24
Itjr of cloth and handsomely trim- inches wide; special at, per (*£*%
med with braid: shoulder capes; yard OiJl*
larpe s=l"*>ves with turned-back Slack Taffeta The extra heavy
cuffs; full flare skirts: colors black "rustle" kind; -worth fez,*
black, blue and pray. Reg. CO Off $1.25 a yard. Now ' J «
price J15.00. Now «?u.oj Black Peau de Sole— The heavy
X*ui. XIV Sult.-M.de of fine oug- j£$£ «*£& *£ l«gg »J
£d a c^e° S O1 o°v h /; 6 /a r n°c n y Jg^ worth J2.00 $|>5()
braid trirnming: full flare skirt: Cclo^ Taff'etas^-isllnch ' taffeta. In
colors black, brown, gray and b , u r d d mauve, brown and
522*50. R S". P^ . !? $«4.60 t^g^X T5 ? to 85e 53c
Srees and VTalkinr Suits — T>one Colored I<culsine8 — White grounds,
i.iokrt cfTecis and I^ouis XIV wlt h strinos of light blue. red.
Ftylos: »ade. of Venetian cloth S*S5" rink n^\ ZZ n; the . 2 °- inch
cheviot and fancy tweed — the width: worth 51.00 a yard. 5fp
•'Mannish Goods": worth C|*7 Off ow vr« w
?;5.00. Now V''«OJ
Walkinfir Skirts— Made of tweed. H-ocC CinnAc
Melton cloth and alpaca; In blue. lylCbo V-IUOtlo.
pray, brown and mixtures: all the x>ti-«» aiM.
new fall Ptyl^«=. Regular OO Ac: -M^ J ; rur " nocr.
price J5.00. Now «?O.Hi» silk Lnstcr Alpacas — 46 inches
wide; the fine brtlliantlne weave.
Breis Skirt*^ — Made of black cheviot. j n navy, royal blue and black;
trimmed or plain: nobby, stylish wcrth 75c a yard. Now. oc.
cut. Regular price 57.00. Qyf f\f\ OJt
Now «?*#. w camel's Hair Zibeline — \\> have 3
«.._,,. t»t-m« 8H>ti » line of Rim- I1OW st > les: - short-sheared in two-
fyf^~ s , Xh"" trinrn?d to " e effects: long-haired in solid
«r rlal-I^ worth i\\ ? 50 CQ?ft T f' *"?, S ° m , e V6 P' pretty StrSpe
v- n «- * OO.DU effects; all-wool and a regu- AQn.
¦ iscm lar 75c value. Now ***7U
WTiite Cieviot WaistB^ — Broad plaited Black Amazon Cloth. — New material
yoke and back; full pouch sleeve; for tailor suits, wnich is all-wool,
large button trimming. Cl Off with a heavy twilled back. Qff«
Regular price J2.00. Now. S>l.«w*> Regular $1.50 quality. Now.
„ * i Knickertoocker Cheviots — Nev/ fall
Alpaca YTaists — Far.ey dotted black colorings, and silk-shot mixed ef-
alpaca waists: f.r.e tucked front and fects: all wool and 56 inches wide;
back: full pouch sleeve; CO 2^ worth $1.50 a yard. Now. ci nn
worth $3.00. Now P^.^J *
rrenca Tlaxrael "VTaist« — Large tucks
and Ftole effect front: velvet button NOTICE — We sponge and shrink by
trimming; worth $2.75. CO AO our new electrical process all dresa
Now «?•-. w goods bought in our store.
I Store Closed All Day Wednesday, Admission Day.
O ©o©aoo©®©©©oo©ooooooopooo»ooooooooo©oooooo«o
! I CAN DO THIS FOR YOU! |
S -'>^ IF YOU DON'T FEEI. O
S '-m-'^->-^ C* X right I can cur* you wltb O
m /I-t<iO\ C x \ ¦ my Electric Belt. It you are 0
g fJZ?5i*M\. *S^w \ T/eak I can make you stronj. 0
• if&jf//,l T\ \ It you are full of rheumaUe o
O IJ^Q^a \ \ \ P^"3 I can xti *m out. J
Q &fif[0r& IV \ I can pour oil into your Joints J?
• V*2*C* >A 1 \ \ and limber them up. I have J*
M - Wl. ~\' t3T I \ often said that j>s!n and elee- w
tt -,-% JR\N *\- I 1 \ trlclty can't live In th« «axne O
• dfi$0 >^\ <^^ w " — \ V \ hous€> and l provc every o
9 Wjgj&jf/' ' ' • . V J *f r ' o»o M Curtl*. Livingston. a
© -s«.<r * <^^ Cal. writes! I «ufr«red with T
® Ki3Sy ' \ v ¦^-—- —^'^\^ chronic lam* back for year*. I J
Q ft^> I J&>&?$f85& lt !t rrcre Bot f * r *J e o
© 1 '^>S^^^^^^^j^g^^^^^^y boslnfH that Jl, 0 " 1 * Z.°? t ?, %
• * rff8^^^^» *ttiow «ii«t i !!»?« »*««»•* JJ
2 * array* nntil y«« kmo^r It. ( k
A One thing every man ought to know Is thta: Your body is a machine. It O
S Is run by the Bteam in your blood and nerves. When you begin to break down O
S in any way you are out of steam. That's Just what I want to give you back, g
A Mr. John O'Brien, 1433 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal.. J"^"'- J Ju^'^Aftlr**^'. S
2 from verey severe lumbtgo. Plasters and medicines afforded no relief. AH" "f^ •
J your Belt for nine days my pains were fone and I have been free from sutrerlns ever
• I hare a cure In every totvn. Tell me Y her « T°" llTe Bm * f w!U 5
O Rive yon the name of s man I've enred. v
• Tell me your trouble and I will tell you honestly whether I can cure you O
• or not. If I can't cure you I don't want your money. I have heen In thu O
m business 22 years, and am the blgeest man in It to-day by lon« odds, and O
O I am growine yet. because I grlve every, man all he pays for. , ©
S Now wouldn't you rather wear my Hfe-glving appliance while you ' sleep 0
5 every night, arid feel its glowing warmth pouring into you and {«lyo«« e « O
• taking on a new lease of life with each application, than to clog your intes- J
2 tines up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely! Try me.
3 Mr. James Cuyler. Reno. Nev.. writes: I have used your •»'««'*¦*•" *£J*5 ©
© truthfully ««y that lt has cured me of what was supposed to be a hopeless eas« or w
• lame back. I am now in perfect health and the credit Is all due to your treatment. O
• If you will come and see me I'll explain to you. If T«»u can't call, let me O
0 send my book, full of the things a man finds inspiring to strength and cour- O
A age. Free If you send this ad. O
O : . NEVER SOLD IX DIIL'C STORES OR BY AGESTS. O
5 Dr. M. C. MfcLaughll^—JSa.-- |
A Office Hours— S a. m. to S p. m. Sundayi, 10 to 1. O
OOW€0©GOCOOO©OOOO0OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO©OO
MINERAL SPRINGS,
Located nine miles northeast of Red Bluff on
the lir.e cf the Southern Pacific Railway.
Case* of IUIEVMATISM. GOUT AND ALL
EIXKiD DISEA^US WILL, BK ACCEPTED
1NDER A GUARANTEK THAT THEY WILL
BE CVRED WITHIN A SPECIFIED TIME
OK ALL EXPENSES. INCLUDING RAIL-
WAT FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wonderful springs can be reached C7
the Southern Pacific Company's system of^ rail-
ways and its connections throughout the X-nlted
ptstes
For rates of fare and routes of travel apply
to Bay Southern Pacific Railroad Arent.
Fr.r guarantee or reference to cures effected,
cdirfst Medical Department, Tuscan Mineral
S-'rrlngs Corp.. Tuscan, CaU
IDEAL WEATHER
is TEX _-_?-— :ssxoxr or
rvsEY osn: __ o_tg the
California Northwestern R'y
The Picturesque Route of California.
Ticket CJScee of the Company, C50 Market
itreet (Chronicle Building), and Tiburon Ferry,
foot of Market stroet. General Offices. Mu-
tual Life Bulldlr.R. corner of Sar.some and Cal-
17oml* 6treets, San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Gen'l. Manager. Gec'l. Pass'r. Agent.
HOTEL
Del Monte
The only rolf llc_i !n California with full
38- hole course equipped with perennial turt
rreen». Thla conrae la provided exclusively tor
lae cruerta of tie hctel.
POLO, AUTOMOBILINQ,
GOLF AND SWIMMING
* The year round. Rates, $3 60 per day and np.
Special rate« by the month oa application to
OEORGE W. REYNOLDS. Mrr.
PARA1S0 SPRINGS
acozm:szrr cou&xx, CAJb.
The lcauing Summer Rescrt of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F- W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis-
co Agent, II Montgomery street
DEER
HUNTING.
If you want to set a deer," ero to WilllU.
Hep at the Willits Hotel. Mendodno County
ic be*t hunting ground In the State near t«
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALL TEAR ROUND. Natural hot
*uh>l:ur cprlnrs. temperature 115 degree. Su
t- "Eir-tf K*re Jl 10. Sure cure lor rheuma-
tism, aithma. kidney and liver trouble*. Tub
and hot pluafe Laths. The largest mlLeral
v.iiier swimming tank in the State. Comi>«-
tent lady and pentleroen matseurf. swimming
tfachur. Sjx-clal rates from now on. Peck" a.
Jl Montgomery *t. THKODOR RICHARDS.
Agrus. Cxllente. Sonoma, Co.
V.'CHY SPRINGS.
S Bllea frcm Uk-.ah. Mendocino Co. Ntturai
•lectrlc water*, chaicpacne hates. Only plat*
in tie world of this class. Flihlai. huntln*,
Cryrta! Sprinr». Aecomnio<latlon»; table flr»t-
datf. J. A. REDEMEYEB JSt CO.. Propa.
Campbell Hot Springs.
:r. hcurs' rail to Boca; stage for eprtasi con-
j.'.cui '. xi. m. train from city: round trip, la-
iAic.iu; ctasc S 1 * K"<wl K>r xuoo. Katefc
wBfMUWfi
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
ST/VTE/VYEINT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
CF LON-DON, ENGLAND, OX THE 316T
day of December. A. D. 1902. and for the
year ending: on that day. as made to th-
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed I
es per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds Owned by Company. .$2,460,341 25
Cash In Company's Office 263 21
Cash in Banks 27CW1 81
Interest Due and Accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20,042 50
Premiums la due Course of Col-
lection 284,841 84
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on Losses already paid. 3,351 27
Total Assets 53,063. 4S3 US
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $31,230 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 233.432 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 24.8D2 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
rins cne year or le«s, $1,SS3,-
927 27; reinsurance 50 per cent. 942,063 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
uiiye more than one year. $1,585.-
723 97; reinsurance pro rata... 832,525 25
Due and accrued for Salaries.
Rent, etc 2,173 72
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 78,072 50
All other liabilities 231.929 24
Total Liabilities $2.397.218 43
INCOME. " ~ ~
Net caeh actually received for Fire
premiums - 12,502,037 15
Rece-lv«rd for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources S1.S03 22
Received from Home Office 324,375 tW
Unccllected premiums of last year,
collected this year 183,406 77
Total Income J3.004.612 It
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including J716.936 57. losses of
previous years) $1,776,563 S<5
Remitted to Home Office 83.004 05
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 401,607 S3
Paid for Salaries Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 158,041 24
raid for State. National and Local
taxes 75.488 02
All other payments and expendi-
tures 132.003 27
Total Expenditures $2,716,803 73
Fire!
Losscb Incurred during the year. .$1.650.143 00
Risks and PremlumslFlre Risks.l Premiums. ;
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $105,935,216 $1,340,033 26
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 397,819.465 4,179,024 99
Net amount in force
December 31. 1002. ¦ 308.773.790 3.471.651 24
* LOUIS P. BAYARD.
Second Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 4th
day of February. 1SKO.
GEORGE O. RUGER. .
Notary Public.
BUTLER & HEWITT,
GENERAL AGENTS,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET, San Francisco
EVERY WOMAN
'-» is intercf ted and should know
jggN^^v about the wonderful
BfflDUEl WHIRLING
f«W«gJ«Vr*«lft 1 be new Variaal Syrinre.
I .vk^i'.'S i>!}« Injection and Suction.
t\ «SS^ V * rS^^J Best— Safest— Most Con-
%.^SvCw»«|L. venienu ItCleuwei
N S t> V^*<sP* < <»r%%> ? > Inittatly
Ask jwr tmttttt Tor It. \v [mj^a "'¦""'¦¦/^^' — *""*
WARVEIx accept no *i. '•£_<£?*?-«
other, l>ut *end stamp for flluv. V> t ''fiyKs
tntrd hor.k— nrnlrd. It trim fill V/.. / m
particular* «nd < irc< t««'iK icrMuable /¦ /M
toladic- JNARVKLCC
i Room 203. Time. B<^.. K»w Tork. O*W!iUr
*j0&^&&n MEN AKD WOMEN.
&&r&nZ*Sim Cie Big G for unn»tnr*l
Ja^v'r \niuittjt7t% dideharges.influumatioas,
/siMf G«f""*'* H ' irrlutioot or ulceratloei
tfwjc ooi t* itrleure. of ma CO a I membrane!.
i.i*~'B Pr»»»»»« Co«u»i«». PainUii, and not aitria-
BTit^THEETiKSCHEWICiLCO. gent or poiaonoui. - .
\rS"^i CIHC1HKATI.0 RTiJ Scld by DraetUU,
'JWS'X Ufa. A. 5i?J^ or ient in pluln irr*pr«r,
Ii&rm^ by «xpr««. prepaid, for
T&SKS&BE&e&m ll-CO. or SbottUi 12.75.
j ' u Circui**- «ect on r«auest.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRATEFUL, HAPPY WOMEN
I j^^^^^0 an^ Pe-ru-na for Their*
Recovery After Years of
; shrinks from making her troubles
::j^^^jjW|^SW^^^^^KjgrgnpBfl|l^^m3 public, but restored health has meant
' ¦P^^y%^^^rfflw!^^^^^^^^w^^^^ sake of other suffering women lt ls
! out any perceptible change in my
; V^^^^r^^^^^^^^r^^rr-^g^^^y^ I thought thi3 was the least I could
\. (^t'^^=^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^3 4 > soon a3 I. began taxing- it that it was -
j V^»* "^ —^^S^^^ti thing I had used before, and so I kept
..^ « fifteen bottles I considered myself
; happy woman to-day." — Miss Muriel
;? ¦¦r;:^<?^^^e^^^^^^^^^^^^^^y^/f Peruna cures catarrh of the pelvic
''^^^ly^^^^^ :^^^^/!^ff/^v--'/^\^ Y$)//£ has becom e renowned as a positive
! caus? the ailments are mostly du«
Mice Muriot Arm'tsiTK to catarrh. Catarrh ls the causa of
MISS Muriel AriTlitase. the trouble. Peruna curea the ca-
'¦ I ¦ tarrh. The symptoms disappear.
Female W£Akn2<;<c I*; Pelvic but 8he ls far from helas able to do her
remaic w eaKness is reivic work wlthout the gnaLttat exhaustlon .
Catarrh. Thls ls a veI> y common sight and ls
r .almost always due to pelvic catarrh.
.« „„,.,, , .< „» -HTt Jt la worse than foolish for so many.
Always Half SICK Are the Women WhO women to suffer year after year with a
Ha.VE Pelvic Ca.t2.rrh disease that can be permanently cured.
xm.vt 1 tint vxt.Mii ? Peruna cures catarrh permanently. It
cures old chronic cases as well as a slight
Catarrh of any organ, if allowed to ? tta^- l . h f . onl y difference being in the
progress, will affect the whole body, 0^ 1 ™ 6 that U snouI(1 *• taken *•
Catarrh without nervousness is very If you do not derive prompt and satis-
rare, but pelvic catarrh and nervousness factory results from the use of Peruna.
go hand In hand. write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
What is so distressing a sight as a full-statement of your case, and he will
poor half-sick, nervous woman, suffering yfee IratiL. y ° U Taluabla ad '
from the many almost unbearable symp- Address ' Dr. Hartman President of
i toms of pelvic catarrh? She does not The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus
consider herself ill enough to go to bed. Ohio.
San Francisco. Tuesday. 8 September, 1903.
Open to-day, but closed again to-morrow — Admission D&T-
BBHI
to-day "o.^-
Closed yesterday — will be closed again to-morrow
but to-day (Tuesday) we're open for business and of-
fering a special inducement for you to make this a
shopping day.
Starting at 8:30 a. m. and lasting until 6 p. m. we : ,
will offer $1.50 white Nottingham Lace Curtains at 95 |
cents the pair. All new patterns — some 3 yards long,' -.1
some 3^2' yards long — but all 50 inches wide.
No telephone or mail orders honored and not more
than six pairs of curtains to any one buyer. . You must
come to-day and before 6 o'clock, remember.
Delivery promised Thursday.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, San FranciscoThe Washington correspondent of the Baltimore
Herald in reviewing the situation as it appears to
politicians in the capital says that while the conser
vatives have been going about with a dark lantern
looking for a Presidential candidate the Bryanites
have been working for control of State conventions
and the party machine. He adds: "As it stands the
Bryan wing will be strongly represented from a
number of States sending large delegations to the
National convention. Ohio has been committed, for
rot only was the Kansas City platform reaffirmed
with practical unanimity, but William J. Bryan him
self is to be formally invited to stump the State this
fall. Missouri will in all probability be for the Bryan
ideas; Nebraska is committed; Illinois, if Carter
Harrison has his way, will (all into line; Texas will
be for Brj'an, and the entire South, with the possible
exception of Georgia and Alabama, is regarded as
being for the Nebraskan's principles."
It is not expected that Bryan will be again the
nominee of the party or even a candidate for the
nomination, but a fear is felt among the reorgan
izes that he will be able to frame the platform and
dictate the head of the ticket That would of course
be as bad as the renomination of Bryan himself, and
as a consequence the Johnson victory in Ohio is fill
ing the conservatives with alarm. Some of them
appear to be already making preparations to bolt.
For the moment, at any rate, the Bryanites have
the laugh on their side. It is now time for Bryan
to meet Watterson's taunt by saying that the gold
faction leaders will go to the convention with a "cor
poral's guard" behind them and then bolt
WHEN the Democrats of Iowa threw the
Kansas City platform aside and turned
Bryan's picture to the wall the reorganizes
wcrv riiied with joy. They believed the West* had
come to join hands with the East and that the
Nebraska man- would no longer be able to disturb
the growing harmony of the camp.
There were good reasons for thr joy of the con
servatives. For a long time the wcrk of reorganiza
tion had been going on, and report after report gave
encouragement to those who expected big results.
The South ceased to talk of Bryan, while the names
of Parker and Gorman grew as familiar in the
mouth as household words. The action of the Iowa
convention appeared to be the natural climax of a
movement which had been steadily increasing in
strength and spreading over the country. Under
such circumstances it was not strange that Henry
Watterson declared Bryan would not have a cor
poral's guard at his back in the next national con
vention of the party and that he would bolt. So, too,
it was natural the Populists ot Nebraska should have
similar views of the prospects ahead and speak with
assurance of the coming bolt of the Bryanite clans.
The whole situation has been changed by the Dem
ocratic convention in Ohio. In that strong and
important State the Bryanites under the lead of Tom
Johnson have captured the party machine and made
it all their own. They drew up the platform and
nominated the ticket. They will name the delegates
from the State to the Presidential convention, and
vhen the struggle between the rival factions comes
Ohio will be on the Bryan side.
The large population of the State and its com
manding position between the Atlantic States and
those of the Mississippi Valley, as well as the possi
bility that it may be z doubtful State in the Presi
dential contest, give a high degree of importance to
the position it takes in the Bryan column. It as
sures that the Nebraska leader will not go to the
convention with only the "corporal's guard" of which
[Watterson spoke so mockingly, but will have strong
delegations from strong States.
THiU DEMOCRATIC WRECK
TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 8, 1903
JOHN a SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
/rcrrts All Communications to W. S. LEAJ^E. Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Aek for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PCBLICATIO.\ OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS Z17 to 221 Stevenson 8t;
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term* by Mall. Inclu<!ln« Postage (Cash With Order):
DAILY CALL (including Eun<!ar). one year $«.00
DAILY CALL (including Eundav), 0 months 4.OO
DAILT CALL— Ey Single Month TKc
EUNDAT CALL. On« Tear 2.OO
WEEKLT CALL, Uct Tear *•<*»
f Deny... ?8J»O Per Year Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE i Sunday.. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. LOW Per Tear Extra
All Paitmaiter* arc artborUed to reccUe
¦ ab*cr!ptiona.
£*mpla copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall mb«crlber» In ordering change of address thould be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to injure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Uroadnaj Telephone Mnln 10S3
DCIIKKLCY OFFICE.
S14S Center Street Telephone \orth 77
C. GEORGE KI1O(;M>S, Nxnicer Foreign AdTtr-
Ualnur, Marqnettc Rnildlnsr, Chicago.
(Lccg Distance Telephone "Central 26X9.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CKANE 14OO G Street, K. W.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN 11. SMITH 30 Tribune Ralldlne
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTO.N Herald Square
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Attcrta Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel; FUth-avenue Hotel an-1 Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Pbenr.an House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Tremont House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
ORA\CII OFFICES— CT7 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
until t:SO o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
MrAKiM.-r. open until 9:Su o'clock, c.15 Larkin. open until
S:SO o'clock. 1S41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22G1
M»rkc.. corner Sixteenth, open until 0 o'clock. 1090 Va
lencia, cpen until 0 o'clock. 100 Eleventh, cpen until 9
o'clock. NE. corntr Church and Duncan streets, open
until 'J o'clock. NW, corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until ? o'clock, i'200 Fillmore, open until 9 o'clock.
The Examiner says the present Geary-street road,
owned and run by a corporation, is a paying busi
ness, and the city's road will pay better. It de
clares that the present road pays 5 per cent interest
on $671,000 in bonds, and dividends of 2j^ per cent
on $1,000,000 in stock. This amounts to $58,500 per
year, a sum greater than the interest and sinking
fund of the bonds that are to be made a lien on the
city instead of on the road. If the Examiner is so
certain that the city will be a great success in the
railroad business, why not show that confidence by
taking these bonds off the backs of the taxpayers and
putting them on the road? To refuse this is to doubt
that the city can run a road as successfully as the
present corporation.
The Examiner's ignorance of the subject is
shown in this further statement: "In the case of the
Geary-street Railroad, however, the people of the
Mission, Potrero, North Beach and the other dis
tricts are not asked to pay anything in taxes. They
are asked to acquire a valuable piece of property
without the expenditure of any of their own money.
The money would be furnished by the bond buyers
and the interest and principal would be paid out of
the earnings of the road." Now if that were true,
which it is not. the thing we are contending for
would be already present, and the bonds would be a
lien on the plant alone and not on the city.
The people will read on the ballots for those
bonds that they are voting on "a proposition to
acquire by original construction and completion
by the city and county of San Francisco a public
utility, to wit: a otreet railroad, and TO INCUR
A BONDED DEBT OF THE CITY AND COUNTY
TO THE AMOUNT OF $710,000."
That language is plain. It is a debt of the
city and county, and not of the Geary-street Rail
road, and has to be paid by all the taxpayers,
whether they are served by the road or not.
WE have pointed out the necessity of putting
municipal socialism on its merits by making
all bonds issued for public utilities a lien
only upon the plant itself and not upon the taxpay
ers. The principle which requires this is so plain and
proper that it cannot be successfully antagonized.
American cities are being urged into municipal
ownership because cities in the British Isles have
very generally embarked in it, calling it there "mu
nicipal trading." The cities in England, Ireland and
Scotland which have gone into business have raised
the capital for commercial investment by general tax
ation, the bonds and stocks issued being a lien upon
the city and not upon the plants. The effect has been
an enormous increase in municipal debts. tThe an
nual reports of the local government board snow that
the debts of the cities have increased between 1,-891
and 1902 by 291 per cent. The annual average of in
crease has been $125,000,000, and in 1002 it jumped to
$144,677,465.
In the period of 1874-1899 the debts of Eng
lish cities increased from $465,000,000 to
$1,470,000,000, the increase of more than one
billion dollars being due to borrowing money for
investment in public utilities, to be paid by the
taxpayers. The debts of such cities incurred for
public utilities amount now to §50 per capita
of their inhabitants. The Chamber of -Commerce
of London, investigating the stagnating effects
of this vast debt incuired for business invest
ments, found that sixty-one municipalities, in
cluding Glasgow, . -were conducting either all or
most of the public plants at a loss, the deficit be
ing made up by extorting from the taxpayer:
These facts should warn all municipal taxpayers
against permitting the bonds for any kind of business
investment to be a lien on the municipality. If the
business can be run at a profit, or if it can pay the
cost of starting it, and of its operation," let it do so
and bear the burden of its own securities.
The Examiner favors municipal ownership of the
Geary-street Railroad. In attempting to discuss the
question it says, in answer to The Call's demand
that the bonds shall be paid by the plant and not by
the people: "If that argument were to have weight
the city government would have to go out of busi
ness. Push the question "a little further and we
should be asked, 'Why should the people of the
Western Addition be taxed to pay for the paving of
Kearny street? Why should the people of North
Beach be taxed for building the Mission High School?
Why should the Richmond District be taxed to pay
the repairs on the City Hall?' " Now all of that looks
very smart, but it isn't. Streets are paved by a tax
on the abutting property. The building of school
houses is reciprocal. When one part of the' city is
taxed with the whole city to build a new school
house in a certain district that district is in turn
taxed to build schools for the other districts which
have contributed to it. But unless the Geary-street
Railroad can be made a movable feast, and carried
around the city for the convenience of all the tax
payers, the statement remains true that all the rest
of the taxpayers are to be burdened to create a
utility which they cannot use.
PUBLIC UTILITY BONDS.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by thm
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen'a), 230 Cal U
EUREKA, Sept. 7.— Abraham Fair
Ensri. a native of Ohio and a pioneer of
this county, died yesterday at Briceland
afied 70 years.
Death Calls Humboldt Pioneer.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 7ia Market st.. above Call bldg •
An unfortunate man who visited Sacramento during
the congestion of the State Fair failed to secure a
room for a night and in desperation stabbed himself
repeatedly that he might die. Who will say that in
blind intuition he did not after all choose the better
way? \ •.?:•:;
The excursion via Southern Pacific, arranged
for September 17, will show the wonderful
canyon In the golden light of autumn. Thou
sands have seen the - valley this season and
another thousand should see it when, as now,
the air is like rich old wine. The rate. J48 50.
Includes fare both ways, sleeping car, stage,
hotel, carriage ride in the valley, horses and
guides for Mirror Lake, Vernal and Nevada
falls and Glacier Point. The big trees arc In
cluded In- the trip., Itinerary at Information
-** ' '¦¦ ¦ ¦_- ' «** >*««kat. alxBafc.":-? .•;"- ¦
Great Opportunity to See Yosemite at
Small Cost.
SWANSEA. "Wales. Sept. ". — The lockout In
the tin plate Industry In fknith Wales, due to
a long standing wage dispute, which began
August 21). terminated to-day as tha result of
a decision reached at a joint m»etln? of th»
masters and men to refer all the questions In
dispute to arbitration. '
STOCKTON, Sept. 7.-The committee
named last Saturday by the local vlticul
turista to select an agent to ueek for
their grapes a market "independent of the
Winemakers' Association, at a meeting
to-day named Charles A. Wetmoro of
this city. Mr. Wetmore began his labors
to-day. He will endeavor to secure bet
ter prices and better terms of payment
than offered by the association.
Viticulturists Name an Agent
LINCOLN, Neb., Sept. 7.— Mrs. William
J. Bryan said to-day that there was no
truth in the rumor that Captain Rich
mond ' P. ' Hobson and Miss Ruth Bryan
were engaged . to be married. \
Denies Rumor of Engagement.
Aguinaldo has again invited the fierce light of the
calcium of public opinion upon himself, and emerg
ing from obscurity, denounces most vehemently the
evil of gambling among his countrymen. His de
nunciation should be tempered by the reflection that
the most desperate chance his countrymen ever took
in their lives was when they hazarded their liberty
upon his honesty and lost.
LIVINGSTON, Mont., Sdpt. 7.-At Clyde
Park, twenty miles northwest of Living
ston, Ed Promt last night shot and killed
Sam Lee. Both were well-known stock
men. They disagreed about a dance to
be given in the neighborhood, when with
out warning Promt drew a revolver and
fired- two shots Into Lee.
Fatal Quarrel Between Stockmen.
HONOLULU, Sept. 7.— The rase of
George E. Ferris, formerly of Watson
ville, Cal., who hns been sentenced to
hang for the murder of John Watson,
has been submitted to Governor Dole on
appeal for executive clemencv. The de
fendant's attorney has submitted new
evidence, which it is claimed shows that
Ferris acted in s»lf-defenae when he
stabbed Watson to death. Ferris has
wasted away since he was confined in a
murderer's cell to such an extent that it
is doubtful whether he will live to be
hanged if the appeal goes agalnat him. }
Murderer Appeals for Clemency.
Grand Lodge of California Conducts
Impressive Ceremonies in
the Capital.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7.-The corner
stone of the new WestralrAter Presby
tyrian Church to be built at Thirteenth
and K streets was laid this afternoon
with imposing ceremonies by the Grand
Lodge of Masons of California.
MASONS LAY CORNERSTONE
OF £. SACRAMENTO CHTJHCH
The Democrats of Pennsylvania have nominated
a complete State ticket and, strange to say, have dis
played unmistakable enthusiasm in the process. Per
haps of all the nations it is only in the United States
that men will give stubborn loyalty to what they
know is an impossible cause and inevitable defeat
A Democratic _State ticket in Pennsylvania hasn't
even the value of* a Confederate bill, for it lacks the
merit of being a ifurioatiy.
HONOLULU, Sept. 7. — Attorney General
Andrews has decided not to pay to John
Jones the reward of $500 offered for In
formation leading, to the arrest of his
father, E. M. Jones, for double murder.
The decision is based on the fact that
the murderer gave himself up to his son,
and also on the general ground that it is
against public policy and is a scandal to
allow a son to collect blood money for ar
resting his father. The son intended to
use the money to pay xiounsel for Jones.
Blood Money Will Not Go to Son.
The United States authorities have determined that
criminal immigrants, who commit an offense within
three years after their admission into this country,
must be deported to the land whence they came. The
only possible objection which Americans can have
to this very excellent law is the shortness of the time
allowance. If there be any danger on earth to a
criminal foreigner it is to be thrown from a new
field of operations back to one that has been worked
out.
SALINAS, Sept. 7. — A peculiar accident
occurred here this afternoon. A horse
driven by a prominent grocery man while
proceeding down Main street was met by
a steam traction wagon coming in the op
posite direction. As soon as the animal
saw the engine It suddenly stopped, shiv
ered and dropped dead.
The driver was thrown out, but escaped
with slight bruises.
Sight of a Steam Vehicle in Sa
linas Fatally Affects an
Animal.
HORSE SEES THE WAGON
AND DIES FROM FRIGHT
HONOLULU, Sept. 7.— All tho remains
of Hawaiian monarcha In the royal
mausoleum in Nuuanu Cemetery have
been removed from the mausoleum to a
temporary structure near by to allow re
pairs and improvements of the mau
soleum, "for which the last Legislature
appropriated $17,500. The bodies were re
moved in their costly caskets by night
and with something of the old-time Ha
waiian ceremony for such occasions. The
scene at the cemetery was an impressive
one. Ex-Queen Llliuokalani wa3 present
to witness the removals of the bodies of
her ancestors and other relatives, as
were the Prince and Princess Kalanlana
ole and others of royal llneag«.
Impressive Scene at Cemetery.
¦SOMERSET, Ky., Sept. 7.-Three men
were killed and several wounded in a
battle in which rifles and revolvers were
used at a camp-meeting at Mount Vic
tory, Pulaski County, twelve miles east
of Somerset.
Services were in progress when William
Bolton, a constable, attempted to arrest
two men named Richmond. A flght fol
lowed, in which. Bolton, though wounded,
killed both the RIchmonds and was himself
killed by Columbus Garrison. Several per
sons were wounded by stray bullets. Of
ficers are searching for Garrison.
Attempt of Constable to Hake Ar
rests Results in Three Men
Being Killed.
EIFLES AND REVOLVERS
POP AT A CAMP MEETING
The injured man was brought to this
city yesterday afternoon, but died at 6
o'clock. He was a native of Indiana and
was seventy-three years old.
XTKIAII, Sept. 7.— H. T. Hatch, an old
and respected resident of this city, was
accidentally shot at Baker Springs near
Potter Valley Saturday evening. He had
driven Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Hunter of East
Oakland over from this city and was un
loading their baggage. Mr. Hunter's pis
tol, a forty-four, was lying in the wagon
and when Hatch picked the holster up it
fell out, struck on a step and was dis
charged. The ball entered Hatch's groin
and came out just back of the left hip.
Prominent Resident of TXkiah Is Ac
cidentally Shot at Baker
Springs.
PALLING OF PISTOL CAUSES
DEATH OF AGED MAN
HONOLULU, Sept. 7.-Mra. Eliza T.
Gulick, the oldest white woman in Ha
waii, who would have been 1CU years of
age had she lived until next February,
died in Honolulu on August 27 of old
age. Mrs. Gulick was known as Mother
Gulick and was a member of a well
known missionary family. She came here
years ago as a school teacher and among
her pupils was Pacheco, after-vard Gov
ernor of California: Samuel Parker, the
well-known Hawaiian, and a number of
prominent residents of the Hawaiian Isl
ands. She was a daughter of General
Thomas, a. hero of the war of. 1S12. anil
was a nurse of Andrew Jackson before
he became President. The aged lady ha.l
a . fall six months ago which greatly
weakened her and hastened her end.
Fall Received Six Months Ago
Greatly Weakens Her and
Shortens Her Life.
OLDEST WHITE WOMAN
IN HAWAII PASSES AWAY
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Sept. 7.—
A heavy snow fell on the range between
Colorado Springs and Cripple Creek last
night. It was impossible to run trains
to the summit of Pikes Peak to-day on
account of snow drifts, although traffic
will be resumed as soon as snowplows
can clear the cog road.
SALIDA, Colo., Sept. 7.— A heavy
snow fell on the Continental Divide last
night and the entire range, is covered
with several feet of snow. The Saguche
range, comprising the collegiate peaks.
Princeton, Harvard and Yale, all more
than 14.000 feet high, are large monuments
of immaculate white. The temperature
in the valley Is 50 degrees.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Sept. 7.— Snow fell
In this city for two hours last night.
Drifts Make It Impossible to Hun
Trains to the Summit of
Pikes Peak.
RANGES OP COLORADO
ARF. COVERED BY SNOW
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7.-Trouble Is
again brewing in the local machine shop
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany and there is prospect of a strike
in the near future unless some amicable
arrangement la made in the direction of
meeting the demands of the workmen.
There are about 275 men employed in the
machine shops and their pay is thirty-five
cents an hour. An increase of pay is de
manded. There has been no complaint
as to the number of hours.
H. J. Small, who is the head of the shop
system of the Southern Pacific Company,
was in the city for a time yesterday, it
is understood he was here for the pur
pose of having a conference with some of
the men from the machine shop. What
action was taken, if any, has not yet been
divulged.
Workmen in Southern Pacific Ma
chine Shop at Sacramento
Slay Strike.
RAILROAD EMPLOYES
DEMAND HIGHER PAY
A body of scouts and constabulary com
bined ha\*e succeeded in scattering the in-
Burrectos who were reported a few days
ago causing trouble in Cavite province in
the district fronting on Laguna de Bal.
They have been driven out of the moun
tain ranges, to which they had fled for
shelter when routed by the constabulary
in an engagement which took place Ia3t
week. After dispersing them the force
returned and captured their camp, to
gether with a large amount of supplies
and ammunition.
MANILA. Sept. 7.— Lieutenant Sutton of
the constabulary was murdered by a mob
of native policemen at Gabusao a few
days ago whllo attempting to arrest a
policeman for disobedience of orders. His
assailants were promptly arrested and
jailed.
One of Their Numb«r for Dis
obedience of OtcVvs.
Mob Him for Attempting to Arrest
NATIVE POLICEMEN KILL
A CONSTABLE AT GABTJGAO
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— A. E. Black, at the Imperial;
"W. P. Buckingham, at the Grand Union;
G. G. Dreyfus, at the Herald Square;
Mr. GoMld and wife, at the Vendome; C.
E. Hill, at the Hotel Imperial; N. Holm,
at the Grand Union; H. C. Hyde and wife,
at the "VVinsonia; T. I. Jones, at the Hotel
Navarre: A. H. Landsberger, at tha Im
perial; Mrs. S. MacGrath, at the St.
Denis; P. M. Maher, at the Herald
Square; N. Nolan, at the Grand Union,
and C. J. Waterhouse, at the St. Denis.
From Los Angeles— J. H. Adams and
wife, at the Grand Union; F. E. Beach
and R. D. Greer, at the Astor; H. W.
Lawrence, at the Murray Hill; Mrs. Mc-
Cormack and Miss McCormack, at the
Sinclair.
Californians in New York.
The degree of master of arts was
awarded Miss Dorothea Elizabeth Nath
of Davenport t Iowa, a student of Ger
man, and Miss Effle Lemonda of Palo
Alto, a student in the English depart
ment.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept 7.—
The University Council met to-day and
granted degrees to fourteen students who
have completed their courses of study at
the university. The following twelve re
ceived the degree of bachelor of arts:
In English. Jessie Eugenia McClellan of
Palo Alto; In history, Harvey Spencer Perclval
of Corning; in economics, Walter C. Maloy of
San Jcse; In law — Carl Frederick Dlttmer of
Redding-, Reginald Goodwin Fernald of Santa
Barbara. Abe Perry Harris of San Jose. Hall
Carlos Ross of Belmont, Andrew Carl Thomp
son of Stanford; in physiology, Mary Astimun
Hodgo o£ San Diego; in geology. IrvinK An
derson of Wallace, Idaho, Earl H. Knepper of
Log Angeles, Edward Augustus Smith Jr. of
Stanford.
University Council Awards Honors
to xourteen Members of Vari
ous Departments.
STUDENTS AT STANFORD
ARE GRANTED DEGREES
There have been continuous rains in
Tutuila during the so-called "dry sea
son." The ccpra crop for the year has
been considerably retluced and the drying
of the nut stopped for the present.
His son-in-law. Judge Gurr of Tutulla.
who was with him during the troubles of
1S39, has proceeded to Apia to attend him.
TUTUILA. Samoa, Aug. 23.—Seumcnu
tafa, the high chief of Apia, is dying. Ha
is the chief who rendered noble service
to the United States during the great
hurricane of 1SS9 and received recognition
for his assistance in saving the llve-a of
the shipwrecked men. Although the Ger
mans were fighting against his party at
that time, when he saw his enemies cast
upon the* beach he took them under his
care and allowed no man to Interfere
with them.
His Noble Service to Shipwrecked
Men During Hurricane of 1889
Won Him Great Praise.
HIGH CHIEF OF APIA
IS SAID TO BE DYINO
Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of San Juan
is at the Pa!ace.
Colonel R. J. Northam and wife of Los
Angeles are at the Palace,
S. G. Hanna, a prominent insurance
man of New Zealand, is at the Palace.
C. A. and A. M. Rust, wealthy lumber
men of Saginaw, Mich., are at the Palace.
Thomas J. Kirk, State Superintendent
of Schools, came down from Sacramento
yesterday and is at the Palace.
Bruce Cartwright Jr., son of a well
known insurance man of Honolulu, and
Henry Damon, son of a Honolulu banker,
arrived yesterday from the islands and
are registered at the Palace. They are
returning to college in the East.
Congressman G. W. Smith of Illinois, a
member of the House Committee on
Postroads and Postofflces, who has
been mentioned as the probable successor
to Congressman Loud as chairman of that
committee, arrived from Honolulu yes
terday and is a guest at the Palace. He
has been making a tour of the Orient.
PERSONAL MEiNTlON.
It is not stated in the reports that any of the dele
gates to the convention went so far as that, for they
are not doctors having theories of disease, but life
insurance men dealing with statistics. They find that
on the whole the average risk is safer now than it was
in former times, but they are not agreed that a really
strong man is any safer risk now than of old. One
of the speakers put the case of longevity in this way:
"The first reason is the better care children receive
in the present day. The dealing of the human race
with the epidemics is vastly better than before and
has improved in the last few years. The third cause
is the progress in medical and surgical science. We
find that the mortality in particular diseases has de
creased very greatly in the last forty years. These in
fluences are all alike in this respect, that all repre
sent not an increase in the vitality of the strong, but
a diminution of mortality among the weak."
The issue is one upon which it seems no class of
experts is at this time capable of pronouncing defini
tive judgment. All valid conclusions upon it must
be to a large extent based upon statistics, and it ap
pears that as yet we have no statistics that can be
safely relied upon. That much was brought out dur
ing the congress by the caustic criticism pronounced
upon some governmental statistics. Thus a report
of one of the discussions says: "F. L.. Hoffman in
nis address said: 'When we are told by a Secretary
of War that the mortality in Cuba is not more than
that in the city of New York, it does not require
much actuarial knowledge to cause one to smile and
to know that it is nonsense.' He also declared the
statement that the death rate of the city of Havana
is no greater than that of Washington to be untrue.
For some time to come the death rate of Havana
will be from 50 to 100 per cent greater than any
Northern city."
Where doctors differ laymen will not undertake to
decide. It will be perceived that an interesting ques
tion has been raised and that discussion, upon it is
liable to go on indefinitely.
REPORTS from New York concerning the pro
ceedings of the International Congress of Ac
tuaries are to the effect that while all dele
gates were agreed that the average duration of hu
man life has been increased of late years, there was a
wide difference of opinion as to the manner in which
the added longevity has been obtained. It was main
tained by some that the general increase in the length
of life affected all classes of civilized men, while
others asserted it has affected none but the weak — in
other words, they maintain that sanitary science has
not increased the vitality of the strong, but has di
minished mortality among invalids.
The subject is an interesting one, and when the
proceedings of the congress' are published in full the
debates on it will doubtless prove to be instructive.
The theory that science is conserving the weak
rather than promoting the welfare of the vigorous is
not a new one. A good many physicians have argued
that the increase of insanity and of all forms of ner
vous diseases among civilized people is- due almost
wholly to the tendency of the time to maintain alive
weak children who in a less scientific age would not
have survived infancy. The preservation of the
weak, it is argued, enables them to marry and to
transmit their weakened -blood to the next genera
tion, so that the entire race of civilized man is be
coming afected with inherent tendencies to nervous
disorders.
A QUESTION OF LIFE.
The diplomatic representative of the United States
of Colombia at Washington is reported to be in
very bad favor with our Government. Under existing
circumstances, created by recent events, we are al
most tempted to suggest that the character of this
representative is such that it is enough to make us
forget the rules of common sense in discussing him.
Against 35,000 acres of 'beana last year
there are 25,000 this season. Prices are
considerably higher than last season,
when beans were from $2 to $2 10 per
cental; this year they bring from $2 50
to 52 CO. The yield is poor. Vegetables in
San Joaquln County are having an off
year.
STOCKTON. Sept. 7.— There Is but an
acreage of 15,000 of potatoes in San Jo
quin County this season, against 2S.00O
last year. Not only is the acreage small,
but the yield per acre is from 20 to 25 per
cent less. They are now selling at from
85 to 90 cents a sack, as against 35 to 40
cents last season at the opening. As to
onions, the prices range from 60 to 70
cents a sack which is a trifle higher than
the previous season, and the prices are
better sustained. The acreage this year
is about the same as last year, or per
haps a trifle less. There 13 an unusual
condition in the fact that the onions are
rather small. From fifteen to twenty
carloads of potatoes and onions are dally
shipped from Stockton to Arizona, Texas
and New Mexico.
SAN JOAQUIN'S CROP
OF POTATOES SMALLER
Acreage of Onions About the Same as
Last Season and Prices
Good.
Planning for the Future.
ROME, Sept. 7.— The three sisters of
Pope Plus X, who lived with him at Ven
ice, arrived in Rome to-day after a sepa
ration of about six weeks. A special car
riage was provided for them by the rail
road company, so that they traveled in a
much different way from what they hai
been accustomed to do In the past. They
were received immediately by Plus an>1
the reunion was most touching. The sis
ters tried to kneel, but were prevented
frnm doing so by thrir brother, who took
them in his arms and embraced them.
One sister in a tone of, disappointment
said: "How well you look, brother. You
have not needed us after all."
The Pontiff replied: "I am always your
Beppo, but I am doing very well here."
An hour was spent in exchanging rem
iniscences and making plans for the fu
ture. The three slaters are now staying
in a convent until an apartment which i.-*
being arranged for them to-morrow at
the San Angelo bridge shall be ready for
occupancy.
Pontiff Spends an Hour With Them
Exchanging Reminiscences and
THREE SISTERS OF POPE
VISIT HIM AT VATICAN
Larry Mullen, a well-known miner,
when he was shown the car said that he
had run it when he was working in the
old mine half a century ago. Mullen is
an old man now. The finding of the car
called to his mind many memories of the
Pennsylvania, which once was one of the
best paying mines in the district.
The old blower Is a crude affair and
was made by C. Wheeler, who still re
sides here.
NEVADA CITY, Sept. 7.— An old car
and blower have been found in the work
ings of the Pennsylvania mine, now
known as the Oustomah. Several days
ago men employed in the old works of
the mine came iK?foss the car. It was
buried completely with debris from caved
in workings. Nothing was left but the
bed of the car, the wheels and gear. y It
was standing on the rails Just as It had
been left fifty years ago, when the mine
was abandoned.
The big nugget, the finest ever found
in Southern British Columbia, was at
tached to the rock by beautiful stringers
of gold that ran through and around the
ore. This afternoon $1000 was refused by
thfe owners for the nugget. There is eas
ily $800 of actual value of the yellow
metal.
The find was made on the same claim
that started the recent excitement in that
district. Near it other smaller nuggets
were found, but this big one stands in a
class all by itself. To-night it was
brought down to Kaslo and placed on ex
hibition.
A few feet away from where this nug
get was discovered a shaft is being sunk.
A makeshift, hand-worked hoisting buck
et is being: used, for the camp is very
new, and auantities of fine gold can be
seen clinging to this bucket. In the bed
of Poplar Creek, near by, almost any
handful of sand will show sparkles of*|
fine flour grold.
Thirty-five thousand dollars in cash i
was paid yesterday for a claim lying be
tween what is known as the Lucky Jack
group and the Swede group. The buyers
were J. J. Young of Calgary and Coch
rane Bros, of MacLeod. Mining men who ,
have Just returned to Kaslo say that in
ail their experience they have never seen
anything to come up to the fortunes that
are in sight in the new district. There
is a wood and coal famine in Kaslo and
other towns within a radius of fifty miles,
for workmen and laborers have all left
city jobs to go mining. Men, women and
children have joined the stampede.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 7.— A piece
of gold quartz the size of a man's head,
with a section of pure gold as large as a
man's two flsts, was the sensational find
made yesterday on the Gold Park claim
in the Poplar Creek district.
A resolution was presented and passed
to the effect that the party still favors
an eight-hour law. The convention then
adjourned.
The platform reaffirms allegiance to tha
principles of the Democratic party as set
forth in the Kansas City platform; de
clares that there should bo no compro
mise with lawlessness, whether it bo in
an individual or a corporation; condemn*
the use of the military arm of the Gov
ernment at any time unless it 13 demon
strated that the civil authorities are un
able to enforce law and order, and de
nounces the State Board of Equalization
for "allowing the corporations to escape
from paying their just proportion ot
taxes." thus among other things pre
venting "a proper representation at the
St. Louis Worlds Fair." .
DENVER. Colo., Sept. 7.— Adalr "Wilson
was nominated for Judge of Supreme
Court on the first ballot by the Demo
cratic State Convention this afternoon.
GREAT NUGGET
BREAKS RECORD
OF KOOTENAY
OLD MINE CAR
FOUND AFTER
HALF CENTURY
REMAIN LOYAL
TO THE KANSAS
CITY PLATFORM
A good many Southern papers declare that the
vote for Vardaman was designed as a rebuke to the
President because of his alleged revival of the race
issue in politics. Such declarations are hardly worth
noting except as an evidence of the deeire of even
the Bourbon Southerners to find an excuse for the
election of such a man on such a platform as Gov
ernor of a Southern State.
The negroes of Mississippi are reported to be
much alarmed over the situation, as the more credu
lous among them are circulating a rumor that it is the
intention of Vardaman to deprive them not only of
their schools, but of their property. A good many
of them have arranged to leave the State, and a wide
spread spirit of distontent and uneasiness exists
among them. Such a feeling will of course disturb
the relations between the two races, and the whites in
the end may suffer as much as the blacks. Evidently
the Democrats of Mississippi have made a mistake,
and no amount of explaining will wholly undo its ill
effects.
victory for Vardaman the Democrats made nomina
tions for candidates for the Legislature, and .in doing
so they assured the election of a Legislature pledged
to maintain the present system of public schools for
white and black. Thus the Legislative vote "cancels
or at least contradicts the vote for Governor, and
outsiders are left to decipher as best they can the
true status of the political sentiment.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, . 1903.
It is strange that Sir Thomas Lipton in his three
stubborn, gallant and sportsmanlike efforts to lift
the cup never reflected that there is no luck except
in the four leafed clover. Let him design a Shamrock
The United States Government has assumed the
task of trying to destroy the Japanese slave trade in
the Hawaiian Islands. There is still reason to hope,
therefore, that some day. when Uncle Sam is at peace
with his friends and has nothing else to do, he may
seek to blot out the Chinese slave trade in San Fran
cisco.
It is agreed that Vardaman sought the Democratic
nomination for Governor as art avowed' representa
tive of the "anti-nigger" element in the State., In
the course of his canvass he not only advocated clos
ing all schools for negroes except those that could
be maintained by school taxes paid by negroes, but
he declared himself an opponent of negro education
altogether. On that platform he defeated a conser
vative candidate of high character, receiving the
nomination, which is equivalent to election, and ac
cordingly/will be Governor of Mississippi.
On that showing one might safely conclude that
a majority of the Democratic voters in Mississippi
are of the. reactionary type and would like to reduce
the negro to the old slavery if they could. There
appears to be no other way of understanding the se
lection of such a man as Vardaman to be the stan
dard bearer of the party and Governor of the State.
However, there remains another phase of the story
to hf Mid. In the same contest that resulted in a N
FOR an understanding of Mississippi politics
there is needed a carefully drawn diagram with
an elaborate array of explanations on the mar-'
gin. • The diagram has not yet been forthcoming,
but there are plenty of explanations. In fact, the
press of the Southern States is full of them,, and
everything would be satisfactory were it not for the
fact that the explanations are themselves about as
confusing as the facts they undertake to explain. •
MISSISSIPPI POLITICS.
The people of Oakland are dreaming of a greater
Oakland which shall include themselves, Berkeley
and Alameda in one great municipality. Whatever
else may be said of the project in its present form
it certainly is a splendid dream which some <lay may
find a more tangible reality than suggestion.
6OAKLAND, Sept. 7.— The annual picnic
and reunion of St. Anthony's parish of
East Oakland was held to-day at Idora
Park, and during the afternoon and even-
Ing thousands of pleasure-seekers
thronged the spacious grounds enjoying
the many attractions of the picnic and
watching the Gaelic games and sports,
which were under the direction ol T. P.
Annual Reunion at Idora Park At
tracts Multitude.
ST. ANTHONY'S PICNIC.
Ther*> are nearly 20,000 known medicinal
remedies.
Earl of Lonsdale Coming Here.
SYDNEY, New South Wales, Sept 7.—
The Earl and Countess of Lonsdale will
be passengers on the steamer Ventura
for San Francisco.
PARIS. Sept. 7.— Eem'.-offlcial advices from
Oran. Algeria, say the French troops lost 37
men killed and 47 wounded in the recent Insur.
rent attack on the French near Almoungar.
Ceptaln Vauchez was among the killed.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. ".—Most of the
members of the Southern California Edi
torial Association, who have Fp^nt three
days in annual outiny on Coronado
Beach and In this city, returned to their
homes this afternoon, though some of
them have remained for another day.
Yesterday was 5pent at La Jolla, where
the editor.? Inspectc-d the big caves in iTle
bluffs. This morning a large party took
a run down to Tia Juara, spending an
hour in the quui; t little Mexican town.
Editors Enloy Southern Scenes.
The picnic, which was under the direc
tion of Rev. Fathers P. Scaolan. P. J.
Keane. J. Collins, J. Harnett and E. O.
Sullivan, left the city at 9 o'clock for the
wooded 'grounds across the bay. After
a morning spent in various games the
afternoon was passed in danclns and
races. The results of the many contests
in fleetness and nimbleness were as fol- j
lows: '
First race, branch No. 3, Sodality Immacu
late Conception— Won by T. Vaughan, C. Lyon
"second race, branch No. 2. Sodality Immacu
late Conception— "Won by C. \ aughan, Charles
( Third race, Young Mens' Sodality— Won by
E. Lucitt, James Welch second. j
Fourth race. Child Jesu3 Society— W on by
Gladys Cor.ey, Mamie Schurman second.
Fifth race, branch No. 2, Sodallty > of the.
Holy Angels — "Won by Rosle McKeown, May
Hallorhan second. , :
Sixth race, branch No. 1. Sodality of the Holy :
Angels Won by BenUinger, Rose Bohan sec- j
° Seventh race. Sodality of Children of Mary — J
Won by Bessie Sharkey, Angela Sartores sec- j
Or Vlglith race., altar boys under 12 years — !
Won by Joe McGuine, V. Collins second. i
Ninth race, altar boys over 12 years— Wou
by P. Flynn, J. Scudda second.
Tenth race, married ladlea — Won by Mr». i
Keenan. Mrs. Lima second. ;
Eleventh race, single ladles — Won by Miss i
Lilly Gerger, Miss Codle Tyson second. i
Twelfth race, single men — Won by I. Van
Soostcr, J. Cannon second. I
Thirteenth race, married men — Won by Tom j
Green, James Lawlor pecond.
Fourtienth race, Altar Society Collectors —
Won by Rose Bohan. Grace Sharkey second.
Fifteenth rac«\ Sunday school teachers — Won
by Gertrude Lennahan, May Richardson second.
Sixteenth race, active members St. Vincent,
de Paul Society — Won by John Tamony, Tom i
Nolan second.
JlK and reel dancing for girls— Won by May
Hawley, Annie Corbett second.
JlK and reel dancing for boys — Won by Rob
ert Allen, G. O'Neil second.
Jig and reel dancing: tor ladles — Won by Mrs.
Kerr, Mrs. Carty second.
Jig and reel dancing for men — Won by W.
Callaghan, John Monahan second.
Through the efficient work of the fol
lowing committees the day's outing was
made an unparalleled success:
General committee — John T. Dowllns, presi
dent; M. J. Bohnan and Thomas McKeon, vice
presidents; Edw. C. Curtis, Frank Shilling and
P. J. Barry, secretaries; Rev. P. J. Keane,
treasurer. Committee on order — John Kenault
(chairman). P. Barry, P. McClinchy. H. Thur
ber, Ewd. Ducltt. P. Kelly. J. J. Mlley. Com
mittee on music — Ed C. Curtis, Thomas Mc-
Keon, J. O'Connor, P. KillScenny, James Mur
phy. Press committee — D. J. Murphy, Pat
Kelly, Pat O'Connor, John Renault, Frank
Shilling, Patrick Barry. Gate committee— T.
T. Otia (chairman), John Sullivan. P. M.
Derham, t>. Delury, John Dowllnsr, J.
McClosker. Commtitea on games — John
P. McGulro (chairman), G. W. Bay
reuther. J. B. Gaffney. Thomas Nolan,
A. A. McNeill. John Tamony, W. Walsh,
M. J. McBrearty. Committee on souvenir pro-
Bramme— Mesdaines O'Connor, Mlley, Anglln.
Derham. Bayreuther, Black. Teirgart, Donohue,
Orefcgins, Harrigan: Misses McDermott, Mc-
Philllps. Griffin, Bohan, WeiBS, Boper and Mc-
Laughlin.
With merry Irish reels, games and danc
ing the members of St. Joseph's parish
passed the fleeting hours at their annual
picnic held at Schuetzen Park yesterday.
From early morning until the setting sun
more than a thousand merrymakers
roamed the wooded knolls of the park
across the bay and only turned their re
luctant faces cityward when the warn
ing whistle of the special train at 7 o'clock
called them from their sports.
Members of St. Joseph's
Parish Hold Their
Picnic.
Courageous Work at
Woodland Prevents
an Explosion.
HONOLULU, Sept. 1.— The hottest pre
cinct election Honolulu has ever known
took place last Eaturday for the election
of delegates to the county convention,
to be held September 12, for the nomina
tion of Republican candidates to fill coun
ty offices for the first time in Hawaii.
The county law goes into effect January
4. 1904, and the election will be held on
November 3 of this year.
There were two factions in the Repub
lican party. The regulars were led by
Chairman Crabb£* of the Territorial Cen
tral Committee. The other faction was
led by T. McCants Stewart, a colored
man, who hails from the Carolinas. Stew
art has always been an avowed office
seeker. He left the Democratic ranks
when President Cleveland refused to give
him the District Attorneyship In Kings
County, New York. Failing to secure of
fice In the East, he migrated to Hawaii
scon after annexation, and now poses as
a Republican leader and the savior of his
party. His precinct in the Fifth District
Is known as the "Fighting Seventh."
where he was opposed for control by
Hon. Henry Vida, a member of the Leg
islature. Stewart was swept from his
precinct, not electing a single delegate to
the convention. It was the same through
out the city, the regulars carrying every
thing before them.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
WOODLAND, Sept. 7.— Prompt and
courageous work ui>on the part of the
"Woodland volunteer flre department
averted an explosion and possibly great
lo?s thi* afternoon.
Jt was about twenty minutes to 4
o'clock. Two passenger traJnB were al
most due and u. his crowd of people ¦was
about the depot. The crew of a freight
train which had been left standing on a
tidetrack was at dinner up town. A blaze
was tfiFcovered under the firebox of the
engine, which was an oil burner. The
:reff of the tire department ¦were hastily
s-ummoned, t»ut before they arrived the
entire tender was enveloped in flames,
which were leaping twenty feet high. The
tank contained Dean? iiiOO gallons of oil.
A big etrrarn of water was soon play
ing on the lire and it was Quickly extin
guished. There is no doubt but that for
the timely arrival of the fire company
the oil tar.k and steam boiler would have
exploded and the lives of many people
would have been endangered. The engine
had to be hauled to the Fhops.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Republicans Hold an Ex
citing Primary in
Honolulu.
Among the attendants at the picnic
were Dr. W. McFarland and John Glen
non of Benicia and Judge A. Fritz of this
city. At 4 o'clock the signal was given
to start for home and the pleasure-seek
ers reluctantly left El Campo, satisfied
that they had thoroughly enjoyed them
selves.
The Sisters of St. Catherine's are among
the pioneer educators of this State, hav
ing first taken up their abode in Mon
terey in 1S50. They moved to Benicia in
1853, when the capital was moved to the
latter place. They have nearly 200 pupils
under their charge. The institution also
serves as a home for aged and infirm
sisters of their order.
Mrs. Dr. W. McFarland, Miss Tcssle Clyne,
Mrs. John Coleman, Mrs. M. K. Barfoote. Miss
Kuby Catvley, Miss Flora Harnett. Miss A.
Stenson. Miss Mary Haggerty. Miss Annie
Bolton. Miss Phoebe Powers Miss Susie Staf
ford. Miss K. Burke and Mrs. J. Clyne.
The grand excursion and picnic sriven
for the benefit of the Sisters of St. Cath
erine's, Benicia, drew a large crowd of
pleasure-seekers to El Campo yesterday.
The steamer General Frlsbie had been
chartered for the day and brought more
than 600 people from Benicia, Vallejo.
Martinez, Port Costa, Crockett and Va
lona. Three of McNeill's best tugs car
ried the excursionists from thl9 city and
three trips were required to transport
some 200 people to the grounds.
There were two bands In attendance—
St Dominic's, of fifteen pieces, under the
leadership of Rev. Father Welsh, and the
Benicia Band, led by William Ilearn.
Dancing in the big pavilion was the prin
cipal enjoyment of the day and with two
bands there was no lack of music for
those who desired to trip the "light fan
tastic."
There were several clergymen present,
all of whom worked hard to insure the
comfort and pleasure of the guests. The
clergymen included Rev. Father J. B.
O'Connor, pastor of St. Dominic's Church,
Benicia; Rev. Fathers Jones, Wilson,
Kelly and Hunt of Benicia; Rev. Father
Netterville of Vallejo and Rev. Father
Welsh of' this city. They were materially
assisted by the following ladies of Be-
I nicia, who constituted the reception com
! mlttee:
Many Attend Picnic of Sisters of St.
Catherine's, Benicia.
BIO CBOWD AT EL CAMPO.
FIREMEN FIGHT
PERILOUS FLAME
REGULARS WIN
THE DELEGATES
Death of New York Millionaire.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— William Deforest
Manlce, a well-known millionaire and
clubman* of New York, is dead of heart
disease. He was 73 years of age.
PASS HAPPY DAY
IN MAD FROLICS
"Theron wore a pretty decent-looking
dark suit of clothes, a light colored soft
crowned hat with a black band. He had
a short thick mustache and looked like
he had not had a ehave for ten days."
Immediately upon the receipt of the
news Sheriff Laneford and three Deputy
Sheriffs started for Campbell to take the
trail, but up to a late hour to-night no
word has come from them.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 7.— Joseph Theron, one
of tho Folsom prison escapes, ate break
fast this morning on a county road, in
the edge of the town of Campbell. The
meal was given him by a party of camp
ers, one of whom was F. Kenney, who
says he was formerlv a guard at Folsom
and knows Theron well.
Kenney first teleDhoned to the author
ities at Folsom, who referred the matter
to Sheriff Langford, at the same time
vouching for the fact of Kenney's ac- i
quaintance with Theron and their belief
in his reliability in this matter, though
they said that instead of being a guard
he had been a prisoner there up to April
7 lost. Kenney's story was as follows:
"We were eating breakfast In the edge
of an orchard on Campbell avenue at
7:30 o'clock this mornine when Theron
came up and asked for something to eat.
I recognized him instantly,' but he did
not appear to see me. I did not want him
to and I stepped behind a tree. He sat
down and ate his breakfast leisurely and
when he was through asked where he
could get work. The men pointed to the
surrounding orchards and told hhn he
could get work at any of them.
"He then sauntered off down the ave
nue in a southerly direction. I was con
siderably excited and a little afraid and
I got on the next train and went to Los
Gatos. After thinking the matter over I
j concluded to telephone Warden Wilkin.
son.
Escaped Criminal Appeases His Hun
ger, Asks Where Employment
May Be Had 1 and Then
Takes Departure.
Member of a Party of Camp
ers Recognizes the
Felon.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— The Middle
States regatta, under the auspices of the
Potomac River Regatta Association, was
held here tt>-day and was witnessed by
a large crowd. Favorable weather, a
legal holiday and the presenco of some
of the notable oarsmen of the country
combined to arouse Interest In the event.
The prizes consisted of fifty-eight gold
medals and tilken badees that went to
The course was patrolled by a Govern
ment vessel to prevent crowding or In
terference with the oarsmen. Each race
was rowed over a straightaway course,
the decision of the committee in this re
spect meeting universal approval. The j
torpedo-boat Cushlng was placed at the
disposal of the committee and was used
as a referee and press boat. •
All races were at one mile except the
senior eight-oared race, which was at one
and a half miles. Results:
Junior single*— Won by Fred Bheppard. Rav
enwood Boat Club. New York, by a length and
a J h ifnfor four^'ig-wSn by Arundel Boat Club.
Baltimore, by two length* Time. • « : ftj*- .
Senior four-oared barges— \S on by Dauntless
Rowing Club. Harlem, by two lengths, lime.
(j ' °( (
Intermediate sinBle*— Won by R. r al| iey
Jackson, rallsnde I3°at Club. New York, by two
U Junior MRht-oajcd 1 shell— Potomac Boat Club.
*' A«o Ja'tToA Single-David H. Clary, Nassau
B< Juni<)r lb doubte scuTls— Ravenwood Boat Club.
New York, won Time. 0:04
Senior double sculls — Atalanta Boat Club,
New York. won. Time, 6:28 1-5.
Junior four-oared Fhell— Arundel Boat Club,
Baltimore, won. Time, 5:41.
Intermediate eight-oared shell— Falrmount
Rowing Association. Philadelphia, came in first,
but the I'otomacs claimed foul and the race was
awarded to them. No time was Riven
Senior singles— Frank Vesley. Bohemian Boat
Club New York, won. No time.
Intermediate double bcuIIb— Won by Seawan
haka I5.">at Club, Brooklyn. Time 6:01.
Intermediate four-oared shells—^ on by Met
ropolitan Boat Club. Ariel Kowing Club disqual
ified Race was fouled once and had to be
rowed over afrain from where it was fouled;
therefore no time was given.
Senior four-oared shells— Ariel Rowing Club,
Baltimore, won; Harlem Rowing Club, New
York, second. Time, 5:41Vi.
Single elght-oared shell — \ esper Boat Club,
Philadelphia, won: Malta Club, Philadelphia,
second. Time. 8:03.
The senior hurling game was won by
the Emmets of San Francisco from the
Young Irelands of Port Costa and Crock
ett by the score of 4 to 2.
The Junior hurling game between tho
Emmet Juniors of San Francisco and
the McBrlde Juveniles or Crockett was a
tie, 4 to 4. The members of the teama
are all under fourteen years of age.
The "winners of the racea were as fol
lows:
Boys under 14 years— W. Howard won, TV.
Humphreys second.
Girls under 14 years — Meda Thornton won,
Anna fepencer second.
Young men over 14 year*— Samuel Lesser
won Charles Oliver sacond. XV. Minehan third.
Young ladles over 14 years — May Mullen
won. Veronica Lynch second, Amy Wyley
Old men — J. N. Donlon won, p. H. Harkins
second.
Sisters' school — Mary Charles won, Amy
\Vyley second.
Fat men — W. Hagrarty won, Thomas Kane
second. , ... _ ,,
Three-legged race (boys under 20) — T. Me-
Donough and H. McDonough won, Fred Har
rington and Harry Cregan second.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7.-Although
this was a "legal holiday, the State
Board of Equalization held a session this
afternoon for the accommodation of the
Assessors and other officials of outside
counties.
Lake County was represented by As
sessor C. M. Young. In 1902 the county's
assessed valuation was $3,153,764. This
year's valuation was reported to be $3,-^
253,282. There was a boom in Lake Coun
ty ten or twelve years ago, but In the
last ten years there has been a falling oft
in the population of 1084. The crops tnls
year were short on account of the ab
sence of rain. " .
Ab.out 100 flasks of quicksilver were pro
duced In the county during the year.
The Bradford mine, which was sold for
$100,000, closed down a few years ago. The
springs and the mines are what keep
the county up. The hop raising industry
has been abandoned. The temperance
| people in the county had boycotted the
¦ business with the result that the industry
fell down to a very low point.
Nevada County was represented by As
sessor Henry E. Schroeder. The assess
ment of the county In 1902 "was $6,453,015.
This year it Is $6,478,110. The increase in
ten years was $1,350,000. On account of
the suspension of hydraulic mining in
1881 the assessed valuation of the county
was decreased $3,500,000. Ill 18S0 tho as
sessment roll amounted to $9,064,000. In
1889 it fell to $5,473,000.
At that time hydraulic mining was the
principal mining industry. Since then
the mining industry has worked gradual
ly from hydraulic to quartz mining.
There are now six dividend paying mines
in tho county. There are only about twenty
sections of timber land in the county at
the present time. The best assessment on
land outside of mineral land Is $12 50 an
acre. Lowest assessment on non-mlncral
land is about $5 an acre.
I O'Dowd, president of the Gaelic Athletic
Association of San Francisco.
The Gaelic association football game be
tween the Emeralds of San Francisco
and the Erin Og team of Oakland was
won by the former by a score of 3 to 1.
Following are the names of the players
on the opposing teams:
Emeralds, San Francisco — N. McMahon, D.
Rtordan. J. Kullman, J: Cooney, J. O'Brien,
N. Flynn. J. Cudahy, M. Curran. J. Johnson,
P. Murphy, M. Sullivan. J. O'Connor, P. Byan,
L. Johnson, J. Lynch, H. Murray.
Erin Oga, Oakland — Kelly. P.- McDonald.
I^ane. J. Clark. R. Nolan, A. J. O'Connell. J.
Keardon. T. Nolan, T. Clifford. J. McDonald,
P. Flynn, S. Mahoney, Healy, B. Connolly,
O'Brien.
Representatives of Lake and
Nevada Counties Give
Data.
Medals and Silken Badges Are
Distributed Amon? the
Victors.
Fugitive Folsom Con
vict Seen in Santa
Clara County.
Middle State Regatta Is
Witne; sed by Large
State Board Continues
Its Session on the
Holiday.
THERON EATS
A BREAKFAST
AT CAMPBELL
NOTED OARSMEN
ROW FOR PRIZES
ASSESSORS KEEP
EQUALIZERS BUSY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1903.
7
THE WEEKLY CALL $1 per Year
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A Pointed Question
W5M it Interest you to keow that Five
Great Railroads emterieg Kannsas City will
reinstate an employe discharged for Oramik-=
enmiess if he takes my treatment? These
railroads are: Atchisomi, Topeka & Santa
Fe Ry.; Chicago <& Burlington; Alton Ry.;
Missouri Pacific Ry.; and the Chicago,
Rock Island & Pacific Ry.
The safety and permanency of my treatment for the Liquor
habit has been thoroughly demonstrated from Chicago to Cali-
fornia. I have cured thousands of patients who were victims of
alleged "cures." My treatment is the only safe and harmless
cure for Alcoholism on earth. Administered solely by its dis=
cove re r*
DR. J. J. McKANNA
SSI 14 GEARY ST., S. F.
| Elegant accommodations for women patients with competent female attendants.
AMUSEMENTS.
fiTTl HTTP. 1 Parade Leaves
I I U ! I V ! Grounds, llth
Illnlll Ill andMarketat
UlllU U U II 9 a . m. Tuesday
Two Performances Daily, at 2 and 8 p. m.
Doors open at 1 and 7 p. m.. Sept. 7 to 14.
Inclusive.
RINGLING BROS.'
WORLD'S GREATEST SHOWS
To. which Is nowJERUSALEfll
added, without extra. AND THE
admission, the SUB- _, _ . _ _. _ „
LIME SPECTACLE GRUSMDfc£=»
1C0 Sensational Circus Acts.
40 Elephants— 109 Cage Zoo — iO Clowns.
ONE 50 Cent Ticket Admits to Everything.
Children under 12 years half price. Admission
tickets and actually numbered reserved eeats
on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s piano ware-
rooms Kearny and Sutler Btreets. at exactly
the same prices as charged at regular ticket
wagons on the show grounds.
at Pa 9 ra a? le nT a Tu£aay 9 ' Ia^A^V^UTE^
ket, to Montgomery, to California, to Kearny,
to Market, to Eleventh and grounds.
VAUDEVILLE lYE-OPENERS !
Frederic Bond and Company; Orig-
inal Rio Brothers; Almont and
Dumont; Fischer and Wacker;
Bloom and Cooper; T. Nelson
Downs; I-a Vine-Cameron Trio;
Marguerite and Hanley and George
Schindler.
Reserved Seat?. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
! and Onera Chalre. GOc. j
! SYMPHONY CONCERTS
i FRITZ SCHEEL, Director.
! GRAND OPEBA HOUSE.
I Auspices of the S. F. Symphony Society.
! Concert to-day at 3 p. m
! Prices of seats. 50c. $1. >1 25. $1 50.
SPECIAL! IMPORTANT!
GRAND POPULAR AND WAGNER CONCERT.
MECHANICS* *AVXJiXOir
FRITZ SCHEEL. Director.
j S F SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA, 75 musicians.
'ADMISSION DAT. WEDNESDAY. Sept. ».
I T?cL U t^r P^fS&%|^* CHAT'S
Music Store and at the PAVILION and GRAND
OPERA-HOUSK on days of concerts.
1 WILD AND EXHILARATING SUCCESS
BRIM FULL OF FUN. A
VERITABLE HIT.
The new, double bill. Including.
| "The Glad Hand" and "The Con-Querer«"1
Our "All Star" Cast Including,
KOLB AND DILL,
BARNEY BERNARD,
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARY HERMSKN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-MORROW.
RESERVED SEATS— Nlghta. 23c. 50c and
79c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 25c and
50c. Children at Matinees. 10c and 23c.
LYRIC flALL ~»£
: GREAT SUCCESS.
The XV Century Morality Flay,
: EVERYMAN
1 EVEBY SIGHT, 8:30.
Thursday and Saturday Afternoons, 3
Reserved Seats, $2.00. SI. 50 and 400 Good
Seats at $L0O.
Box Office, Sherman, Clay & Co.'*
Admliiion Say (Wed.), at Lyric Hall
___J ADVERTISEMENTS.
J dealing food ex- j
j perts declare tkat
is always pure.
An important matter ,
as trie greatest care I
snqula be used to a* I
void, carelessly made
articles of diet.
irabst Blue RiDDon
I • i r I
] is the acme or purity,
n 111 '1 I
| rlavor and paiat ability 1
I-! Orders filled by H
| Thomas W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149. |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BBEWSTER'S |
MILLIONS
=AT= |
=YOUIO=
DEALER'S
TO-DAY
I ataWW 8ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflll room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
linitid LOUIS XV PAR-
ui auu LOR^ ud the LA _
U j t DIES' WRITING
Hotels room-
¦I . I n I
AMtTSEMEJJTS.
Matinee To-Morrow (Admission Day).
Every Lady and Child Presented "With a Sou-
venir Picture of one of the Lilliputians at all
matinees.
GI-OHIOUS TRIUMPH OF THE
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
; TO-NIGHT
EVERY NIGHT THIS. WEEK,
The Immensely Successful Musical Comedy.
; A GAIETY QIRL
; ALL THE BOLLARDS IN THE CAST.
1 Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday
' PRICES— Ev»ningB....... 16c, 25c. BOc and 73o
Matinees.. 13c. 25c and 50o
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
¦ ¦ -
IMaM^MjrgjI* || For Infants and Children.
|| The Kind You Have
iiitfitaiili Always Sought
.^Vegetable Preparationfor As- pi «
similatingmeFoodandBeguTa- J _. - ff
lingttieStomadBandBovrclsof m JjQaJS tll8 ff \
Promotes Digestion.Cteerfur- f$ to ff */ uAr
ness andRest.Contains neither gj n f gL Jk a y
OpiumJMorphine norMineral. .« Ul Mx\\\*
Tfox^NAncoTic. f. fi\\Vl*^
JitapeoTOhlJirSAMVIlPfKHIR , . * \f\
PbnyJcU Seed- . 4 j 1 If «
&*k»iuSJa- I I ttU « gat
ArdifSmd* I A ITm % 111
%%&*** 1 I ft lA
&&£=_} I /h J t Hco
Aperffecl Remedy forConstipa- sj I « Vr WWU
rion.SourStomach.Diarrhoca if I \hj
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- - : i : I r/ Pau slimo*
ness and Loss of Sleep, m lUl UlUI
Facsimile Signature of S B
xew york. § iiiiiiy icaio
I EXACT COPY OF WRAPPER. |j HH fcffij Rj| \ | J| H Erk
TMC etNTtUX COMnXf. »!• TO«H CITY.
AMUSEMENTS.
VUBnUEfffiiSlM LEACING THE Wi
HENRY M[LLER
MARGARET ANQLIN
To-night and TVe'lr.Mrlay Night.
MATINEE WEDNESDAY.
.."THE 3E7IL'S DI3C2FI.E"...
Thursday. Friday and Saturday Night*
MATIKEE SATURDAY
"THE TAMIwa OF HEIiZZr"
Next Monday— Last TC>»k of
HENRY MILLER anrl MARfUP.ET AN'GLDI.
First Time Here of
..."THE ATTESilATTI".-
Adapted by Henry XllUer from CSeorffe Oh-
net'a novel. "Le Maltre dea Forges." — S«-atj
Thursday.
Tl VOU8S5&
NOTE: Performance commences at 8 o'clock
6harp. Matinee on Saturday at 2 sharp.
T0-W10HT
Thursday and Sunday Evenings anrl Saturday
Matinee. Verdi's Lyric Drama,
"RIGOLETTO."
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday EvenJr.ya,
Gounod's Immortal Opera,
" FAUST."
With the Brilliant Lyric Soprano.
TINA DE SPADA. aa UASQUESITE.
NEXT WEEK— "IL TROVATORE" and
"LA SOMNAMBL'LA."
PRICES ALWAYS THE SAME— 23c. BOc. 78e.
•Telephone Bush 9.
Hf Farewell Thursday Night. J"A
KE1LL-H0R0SC0 COJIPAWT. " »
—,'1. In the Dramatic Marvel, ttv
XO NOTSE DAME, .?O
K/"| Stage Version of Victor C/\
*J\J Hugo's Masterpiece. W-
n e La3t Bargain Matinee n s
JLO Thursday. JLO
Saturday Night — Opening
Tof regular season. w^^
,' A rrlcnd of the Vsuaily. ]
H EAT RU
ALCAZAR "T^
Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY,
Florence Roberts
Who Has Made Her Greatest Success In
THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH.
Evenings. 25c to 75c; Sat. Mat.. 13c to 60c.
NEXT THURSDAY— Special Matlnes o£
D'Acnunzio's Famous Play,
GIOCONDA
•When Night Prices Will Prevail. . ,
SOUVENIR ART TROGRAMilES.
NEXT WEEK— First Time Her* of
MISS ROBERTS as MAGDA.
Market St. Xear Eighth Phono South 633
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THI3 WEEK-
MATINEES TO-MOIUIOW < Admission Day).
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Richest, Rarest. Raciest of Farce Come-
dies,
WHOSE BABY ARE YOU?
A VOLCANO OF MIRTH! A TORNADO O^
BRILLIANT CAST! SPRIGHTLY SPECIAL-
TIES'.
DDirCC Evenings A . . . •••10c to 50o
rKllfcj Matinees 10c. 13c. 23o
Monday. September 14. the Military Spectacle.
THB CHEltBT FXCTOOtS.
Five Baby Lions in the Zoo.
A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING IN THE THEATER.
InsDect "CABARET DB LA MORT."
SEE THE CHINESE BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
FIREWORKS TOMORROW NIGHT
IN HONOR OF ADMISSION DAT.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN'. Be.OVERDUE NORWEGIAN BARK
ARABIA THAT ARRIVED
FROM GLASGOW.
TO SAIL,.
Five of th> salmon fleet arrived yesterday
all deeply laden with the product of this sea
son's fishing In Alaskan waters. Most of them
brought large numbers of white and Chinese
fishermen. The arrival of the latter win con
siderably relieve the labor problem along the
water rront. where of late the demand r or
longshoremen has been greatly In excess of
the supply. The vessels >hich arrived yester
day and their cargoes were: Ship Isaac Reid
1» days from Nushagak, 45,000 cases of salmon*
chip Slntram, 19 days from Nuzhagak, 53 006
Salmon Ships Arrive.
The schooner Honoipu spent the greater part
of yesterday anchored below the Cliff House,
very close In shore. An attempt was made to
beat off shore, but the tide carried the schooner
closer In and the anchor was suraln dropped
The tug Relief later took the Honoipu from her
dangerous position and towed her into port.
Anchored Close in Shore.
Sun, Moon and Tid?.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Heights of Hij?h and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ¦ •
NOTE — The hlsh and low waters occur at
the city front «Mlss!on-str"eet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 8. . v
Sun rises 5:45
Sun sets s 6-31
Moon, rises 7 : i 8 * p ' - m _
O jTlrnlj ITlmel ITIme| ITimel
» ] 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft.
».{H W| |L W| |H W| |L.W| * U
"i 0:00 5.0 6:57 1.0 12:35 5.1 6:20 Ti
9 0:40 4.8 «:30 1.3 1:00 6.1 7:02 l'l
10 1:27 4.7 7:05 1.6 1:29 8.1 7:40 0.0
11 2:22 4.5 7:43 2.0 2:03 5.1 8:3G OS
12 3:24 4.3 8:30 2.4 2:51 5.1 0:38 o!"
13 4:35 4.1 0:25 2.7 3:41 -5.2 10:46 0 6
14 I 5:62] 4.1 10;38| 2.PJ 4:43 5.2[1I:54 0^
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day" in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Steamer. For. Sails'
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports Sept. 0
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept.- 7
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 8
Meteor Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 10
Humboldt.-....' fikagway & Way Ports. Sept. 11
Farallon j Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 12
Oregon Nome direct 1 * Sept 12
CityTcpeka.. 1 Skagway A Way Ports- Sept. IS:
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 14
Santa Ana Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept 16
Nome City Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept 20
Portland Nome & St. Michael.. Sept. 20
Th* overdue Norwegian bark Arabia, rein
sured for 25 per cent ami generally considered
* somer.-hat dubious risk, arrived yesterday
! from Glasgow, somewhat battered from a
I conflict vlth the elements eft Cape Horn but
in good working trim and with her cargo in
t«ct. She was 1U0 days from Glasgow and
I ISO dajs from Belfast Loch. She left Glasgow
In heavy weather, and from February 19 until
j March 12 Temained at anchor on account of a
, liUeceMion of severe sales. Proceeding on her
' voyage, she was caught in *. southwester
which threw the vessel on her beam ends'
caused the cargo to shift and wrought con
: rl.ieraMe damage about the decks. The Ara
I b!a put into Belfast March Is. trimmed car«o
j effected repaJrs, and March 31 resumed her
; voyage. Off Cape Horn more bad weather was
j encountered, and for ten days a lusty south
westerly gale played shuttlecock and battle
dore v.lth the Arabia. She was thrown on her
beam ends repeatedly and emerged from tho
conflict considerably the worse for wear. Three
boats were ctove in and the pieces, with the
bark's bridge, were washed overboard. The
I cargo shifted, and It was same weeks before
the damage sustained In the Cape Horn battle
could be temporarily repaired. Light winds
for the rest of the voyage were responsible for
the Arabia's appearance on the overdue H«t
at £3 per cent. •
Overdue Arabia Arrives.
FROM SEATTLE.
Stcan:er - Destination. Sails. I Pier.
September 8. i
•Tentralia... Los Angles Ports. 11 amIPier 10
Pomona Humboldt 1 '30 p Pier 0
Umatllla... 1 Puget Sound Ports. 11 am'Pler 9
September 1O. |
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 9 amIPier 2
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pmjPIer °
Corona Humbcldt l:30p|Pier 15
State of Cat. Kan Diego & Way. 0 ampler 1!)
Bonita Newport Way Pts. 0 am Pier 10
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 1U
San Pedro.. Humboldt I 4 pm Pier •»
September 11. j
Newburff... Grays Harbor | 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 10 am Pier 13
Gaelic China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul.. 3 pmlPIer 1(5
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 amIPier 2
September 12.
Chehalls Grays Harbor Pier« 2
S. Portland. Astoria & Portland Pier 2
North Fork. I I.umboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.- Point Arena 4 pmlPier 2
San Juan... V Y. via Panama. 12 ml Pier 40
. September 13. j
Argo Kel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Queen Puiret Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
September 14. j
Rainier Seattle & Whatcnmi 4 pm Pier 10
September 15.
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 21
September 10.
Alliance.... Portland & W. Pt». 5 pmlPier 16
September 17. I
Sonoma Sydney & W. Pts.. 2 pmjPler 7
Jacob Conn, salesman in a commission
house on front street, and E. R. Allison, a
commission merchant - on Washington
etree-t, were arrested yesterday by Deputy
Fish Commissioner J. C. '¦ Ingalls on a
charge of having in tneir possession more
than fifty doves on one calendar day.
They were released on $50 cash bail each.
Violate the Game Laws.
The officers and members of Golden
Gate Lodge cf the Independent Order of
Odd Fellows will give a reception, en
tertainment and dance to its friends. In
and out of the order, to-morrow even
ing In Memorial Hall. I. O. O. F. build
ing. An interesting programme of music
end song has been prepared for the oc
casion.
Odd Fellows' Heception.
Next Friday evening Henry Payot will
appear before the Past Grands' Asso
ciation of the Independent Order cf Odd
Feilows and deliver an Illustrated lecture
en "The Land of the Rising Sun." The
aFFOcicticn haf issued a number of Invita
tions to its members and their friends to
listen to the lecture, which is to be given
In the Memorial Hall cf the Odd Fellows'
building-.
Lecture by Henry Payot.
Steamer. : From. | Due.
G. LKdauer. . "Portland sept 8
P, 0111 , 1 - 1 j Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 8
Mackinaw Tceonsa Sept.
Centralia IGrayi Harbor iSept! 8
Corona IHumboldt iSeut 8
Phoenix ! Mendocino jSept! 0
S. Portland... I Portland & Astoria |Sopt 0
Arcat:i -T Coca Bay & p t . OrfordiSept! i>
*«! ueen I Puret Sound Ports. .. |Sept. 0
CoIc " I N'ew York via Panama, inept. 0
Kalnier Seattle &- Whatcom. . . [Sept. J
iHumbolut Sent 0
H. K. Maru...! china & Japan jSppt' 10
R, Barbara...... Seattle & Olympia ;Sept. 10
Point Arena.. I Mendccir.c & Pt. ArenaJScpt. lo
fc. Monica 1 Fan Petlro iSert 10
CUingrWo I China & Japan SepL 10
h.a,UU>fs... jSui: Dieso & Way Pts. Sept. K)
ear. l'edro gjy, p td ro Se ,t. 10
Pomona IHumboldt jSept 11
Ar K° Ifel River Ports iriept n
r a w a V-n';" I Hamburg & Way Pts.jsept. 12
City PueWa... p uge t Sound Ports. ... Seot 14
f^if?" Portland & Way Ports. iSstpt. 15
KH. Leggett. Portland ;.... stut 1"!
TO ARRIVE
Movements of Steamers.
OMAHA. Neb.. Sept. 7. — During- a quarrel
over a woman early to-day Charles Ellsworth.
a Council Bluffs groceryman. fatally stabbed
Dayld Houser, also of that city.
rapes: Star of Italy. 17H days from Xushagak,
«1..2» cases; Indiana, is days from Nushagak.
49,^C5 cases, and the barkentine Skagit. 10
(lays from Bristol Bay. 2350 barrels of jyilmoH.
The Indiana reports tho death at Nushagak
of First Mate Lamb cf the shir> Sea Witch.
I.amb injured his lep so that amputation was
Kr-crFsary. He died from the shock of the cap-
Hal operation.
Honolulu— Mrs. C. L. Maynard, Mr. and Mr?
H. C. Stickels, L. W. Judd. Rev. and Mrs R
W. Henderson and child. R. P. Henderson Mr
Blcknell, R. T. Rolph. Miss Nlnioma. Mr.' and
Mrs. A. Nishlmoto, L. Kawal, F. M. Itnlfer.
Sir. and Mrs. M. C. Greenbere, %%'. C. Stlck»Is
S. Baldwin, B. Cartwright. F. D. Prlany, Mrs.
E. A. Kldd, H. A. Walker. Mr. and Mrs G R
Carter. H. F. Damon. H. Ichlkawa, M. Omarl
Mrs. E. A. Jones and two children Mrs Mea
dor, H. P. Judd, F. Kennedy. A. S Coffee W
M Gifford. W. C. Love, Y. Yukuta. K. Miyauj
MIm H. Hatch. H. Seloe, C. H. Smith K
Perry. Major Purdy. Mrs. M. O'Shaughn'essy
and child. Miss Burden, H. B. Glfford F L
Stanley. Mrs. H. M. Lafollette and child' r'
Teurakichl, K. Takatanl. T. Natamaru F W
Thurstcn. A. -V. Scott. G. P. JudU, Lieutenant
Robinson. . E. R. Stackable. J. A. Fuller, Mrs.
)%. Rawllnc J. F. Hawftrawser. Muraakamle
Oeortre Brown, G. P. Cooke, II. Mlstner, Y.
Kurata.
Sydney— Hon. McG. W. Smith, Mrs. C. M.
Peavis and child. Mr. and Mrs. K. W. Hender
phct. Mr. and Mrs. H. Daly. Miss McClint.-ck,
Mrs. D. M. Adams. A. J. Mason. L. P. Hopk.
< aptair Babcock. Mrs. D"Aroy Irvine. L. Peacii.
Jlri. I. G. Dane, Mlse Adams. O. S. Moore. Mr.
and Mrs. M. F. Albert and Eon. W. S. Piesle>,
C. W. Pickering, R. Ferguson. Mr. and Mrs.
B. W. Bagenal, Mrs. C. C Latham, "child and
nurse, John Howcll, A. J. Jordan, G. L. Cal
ledge, P. Mahoney. W. G. Tennant, Miss Daly.
Auckland — L. Anderson, V. Sooular. S. C.
Ilar.na, R. Atkinson. Charles Ratjln. R L»aw
rin, H. G. Kenrich. Miss Atkinson. J. L. Glbbs.
Paso Pago — Lieutenant I. R. Stlcht.
During the outward voyage Captain
Herriman and his officers and crew
demonstrated the efficiency of the So
noma"s life-saving department. P. Sul
livan, a fireman, fell overboard about 5
o'clock one afternoon on the run be
tv.'eon here and Honolulu. The liner was
bowling along at an eighteen-knot gait,
but Just eighteen minutes after the alarm
of "Man overboard!" had been sounded
Sullivan was In the steamship's flreroom,
his chilled body responding to the ad
ministrations of Dr. McNulty, the liner's
surgeon.
Two stowaways traveled on the Sonoma
from Honolulu. One of them, a 12-year
old Porto Rican boy, is in searc^i of an
education, which he declares he Is going
to get if it takes him a year. Thcsi
volunteer passengers were sent to Angel
Island, where they will be held until the
quarantine authorities set fit to release
them.
The Sonoma was 22 days 23 hours from
Sydney and 5 days \~ t \i hpurs from Hono
lulu. She reached the Oceanic wharf in
time to land her mails for the overland
train.
Her passengers included the following
named:
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Sonoma, Captain Herriman.
arrived yesterday from the Anti
podes and Honolulu. She brought
a large cargo, a full complement
of passengers and a shipment of English
gold valued at $1,S50,000. Fine weather
was encountered on the outward and
homeward trips and ¦ those passengers
who made both voyages pronounce the
Pacific the most fitly named sheet of wa
ter In the world.
\ - - . Monday, September 7.
fcStmr Coquille River, Dart, CO hours from
Cayi'.ct s. ' .
Stmr Chehalls, Frantzon, 02 hours from
Grays H.-u-bor.- .'. . ¦ .
Stn.r Del Norte, Green, 34 hours from Cres
cent Cit>'. - ', — : . •;
Stmr Columbia. Doran. K6 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 44 hours. . . '
Strnr (Jinsy, Leland, 30 hours from Moss
Landing. .
Stmr Redondo, Krr*, 2] '4 hours from Fields
landing ; bound south; put in to land passen
gers. " - >¦
Stn>r State of California, Thomas, 42 hours
from San Ditto and way ports.
Stmr Westport, Smith, 10 hours from West
port. , . .
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Sonoma. Herriman, 22 days 23 hours
from Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days 1~H hours.
Stmr llontara, Reiily, 33«hour3 from Port
Harford.
£hip Slntram, Johnson, 19 days from Nusha
eak. - ...:,.
Ship Indiana. Bolton, 18 days from Nusha
gak.
Ship Emily F Whitney. .Goodman. 3 days
from Kureka. .. ...
Fr Fhip Rene Kerviler, Noel, ' SO days from
Sydney. ¦ . >
Bark Arabia, Nelson. 109 days from Glas
gow, via Helfast 159 days.
Bktn Skasit. Robinson,- 19 days from Bris
tol Bay.
Schr Snow & Burgess, Johnson, 0 days from
Port Gamble.
Schr Bessie K. Merriam, 23 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
Schr Guide. OLsen. 5 days from Coos Bay.
Srhr Honobu. McDonald, -28 days from
Honoipu.
SAILED.
Monday, September 7.
Stmr W H Kruger, Ahlln, San Pedro.
Stmr Plioenix. odland, Mendocino.
Stmr Kan Gabriel, Hamilton,. Urupqua River.
Stmr Curasao. Paulsen, Guaymas.
Stmr Redondo, Krog, San Pedro. ! '
Stinr Knnta Cruz, Glelow, • Port Harford.
Ur ship Crown of England, HIgglns, Port
TownE'.nd.
SPOKEN.
Aug 24, lat 19 N, Ion 20 W, Fr bark Cha
teau d'U, from San Francisco Aug 28, for
Queenstown.
Auk 28, In Unimak Pass, schr Chas Ilnnsen,
from Brlntol Bay. for San Francisco.
. TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOROS. Sept 7, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; «wind NW, velocity 10 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC POP.TS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sent 0— Schr Dora
Bluhm, from Kureka: pchr Borealls, from Ta
coma: schr Lottie Hennett. from Ballard; schr
Jos Rueb, from Port Orford. Sept 7 — Schr
Wawona. from Willapa Harbor; schr Coquelle.
from Coquille River; schr A B Johnson, from
Grajs Harbor; ftmr Fultpn.from Westport.
Sailed Sfrpt C— Stmr Pasadena, for Eureka.
I PORT HARrORD- Sailed Sept 6— Stmr
Montara. for San Francisco. Sept 7 — Stmr
Bonlta, for San Francisco. •
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Sept C— Schr Excel
sior, for San Pedro
TATOOSH— Passed in Sept 7— Stmr Aber
deen, from Astoria, for Seattle: bktn Chas F
Crocker, from San Pedro, for Port Townsend.
Passed out Sent 7— Stmr Melville Dollar,
from Seattle, for Fan Francisco. -.
COOS BAY— Arrived SeDt ti — Stmr Arcata.
hence Sept 4.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Mary D
Hume, from Alaska.- Sept • 1— Stmr Al-Ki.
from Skasway; stmr Centennial, hence Sept 3;
stmr Dirlco, from Skagway.
Sailed Sot 7— Stmr Dolphin, for Skagway:
stmr Santa Barbara, for San Francisco. Sept
tt— Stmr Melville Dollar, for San Francisio.
EUREKA— Sailed Sept 0— Stmr -North Fork,
for San Kranclsco. Seat- 7— Stmr Corona, for
San Francisco.- ¦, -. ,•-?.'¦
Arrived Aug 7— Schr Bertie Minor, from
Hllo: schr Bertha Dolbeer, from San Diego;
tug Xtanser, hence Sept «. • "
PORT MADISON— Arrived Sept 7— Schr Sa
mar, from Redondo
BRISTOL BAY— To sail Au ff 18— Barks Eu
terpe and Sea Witch.' Auj: 19— Ship Standard
and berk Big Bonanza," for San Francisco.
Sailed Auc 16— Schr Chas Hensan.
NUSHAGAK— To sail Aug 20— Ship America,
for San Francisco. — ¦
Sailed Aug 19— Bark Electra, for San Fran
cisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Se?t 0— Schr Ce
cilia Sudden, for San Pedro; -schr Transit, for
Redondo. Sept 7— Schr Comet, for Santa Bar
bara; schr Lettitla. for San Francisco.
Arrived Kept 0— Schr Sophie Chrfstenaoji.
from San Pedro. Sept 7 — Schr Wm Renton,
hence Aug 25; Bchr A J West, from Redondo;
stmr Melville Dollar, from Seattle.
"ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr George W
Eliler. hence Sept 5; schr Luzon, from San
Pedro; stinr Alliance, hence Sept 8.-; Br ship
County of Inverness, from Newcastle; Br ship
Australia, from Shanghai; schr Virginia, hence
Aug :W. Sept tt— Bktn Gleaner, hence Aug 20.
SAN. DIEGO— Arrived Sept 7— Schf Esther
Buhne. from Eureka. ¦ . •-
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Brook
lyn, for San Franclscp.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Phoe
nix, hence Sent 7 .
CLEONE— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr National
City, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Samoa, for
' San Pedro. - . ¦ ; •
ISLAND PORTS, .-
HONOLULU— Sailed Sept 6— Bktn Irmgartl,
for San Francisco. • ' -:¦ -
KAANAPALI— Sailed Sept 1— Schr Marconi,
for Grays Harbor. - . ¦' ~
KAHULUI— Sailed SeDt 6— Stmr Nebraskan,
for Honolulu and San Francisco. .
MANILA— Arrived Auc 2tt— Br stmr Strath'
i gyle, from Norfolk.
FOREIGN PORTS. "
DOVER— Passed Sept. 4— Ger' ship Aister
oerg, from Hamburg, for San FrancUco, So**
shipping Intelligence
ARRIVED
Coast Survey chart?, except when the number
given Is . subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the m«an
of the lower low waters. • •
The great crowds arc- handled expe
dltiously and with comfort. JudginK from
the utart Rinslinj: Bros, will have the
MCSect kind of a success during this ap
pearance.
TfcPre are ten-foot giants and three-foot
c war's running races around the track.
A stylishly drefsed lady steps from the
audience, puts on a pair of boxing gloves
and whips two clowns. A dog juggles
with nn immense rubber ball. The un
f xpecied is> happening at every stage of
the performance.
The big: show opons w!th a. grand spee
t.-.c!e entitled "Jerusalem and the Cru
fndes." In front of a panorama of an
< >r.t Oriental buildings t!iere gathers a
great concourse of popple clad in the
cjFtumes of the- Medieval period of his
tory. There aro fierce-visaged warriors
v.-ith spears and shields; prophets, sooth
sayers anil r>ri€?ts In somber garb; court
ladles. sciiLes. exultant children, dancing
girls and cruKn<!ors on prancing horses.
1 hey run through carious drills and as
ftrable in fcecutiful picture poses.
One of the best thinsrs in the -whole
performance is the marvelous "sixty-four
horse act." where the master of the
troupe sits en the summit of a pyramid
of the trained animals. Frank Smith per
forms »ne truly remarkable eguilibrium
istictfeats on a hiph trapeze. A thorousn
h.red horse shows every known Rait In
harness. A troupe of Japanese lieeps the
p.udience breathless with its work on
frapik' bamboo frameworks and high
wires.
The menajrric contains a collection of
rare and curious animals, from the "penu
fae white Ohlnere yak" to the "only iiv
jnp rhinoceros !n captivity." The string
of f !< phants is the biggest ever seen on
t>.is side of t!ie continent. Then there
is a herd of camels, some with one hump
sad some with two, besides scores 01
other beasts from forest or desert or
Thtre appear acrobats who perform
c^re-devil feats to make one's brain reel.
There are wild races by monkeys on
horseback. There are contortionists who
seem about to turn themselves inside out.
Smiling: ladies in bespangled tigrhts hang
by their teeth in midair, far above the
prour.d. Darinpr pymnasts. astride' four
horses, ride at «i race to make the heart
*tand BtJIL Trained Erai? give a bard
concert. The elephants pile themselves
into monstrr rvramids. KVcxloss pym
rsR=ts turn summersaults throuuh the air
from the top cf the tent to net? spread
just above the prour.d. S13o-spllttlr.g
< lowns makp merry with bladder and
Fouirtgoin. A Fcore of tumblprs do
arrja^ir.R- work on the mats. There is
never a:i idle moment during the whole
performance, for the acts follow one an
other en the run.
Ringrling: Bros.' circus rhowed twice yes
terday to Immense and wildly enthusiastic
r.udienccs. The entire outttt, from the side
shows to the concert, Is greater and
grander than ever before. The main per
formance is a vast conglomeration of all
kinds of Etellar attractions. Besides tak
ing the best features of the old show?.
Ringing Brcs. have many new and start
ling features which please and astonish
the ciders and bring unlimited Joy to the
heart of the youth.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Hohen
zollern, trom New Tfork, for Naples and
Genoa, and proceeded.
Sailed Se?t 7 — Stmr Lahn, from Genoa and
Naples. ' for New York.
ANTWERP — Arrived Sept 7 — Stmr Kroon
land,-from New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Sept 0— Stmr Cymric,
from New York.; stmr Ioanan, from Montreal.
LIZARD — Passed Sept 7— Stmr Switzerland,
from Philadelphia, for Antwerp.
BREMEN — Arrived Sept U. 4 p m— Stmr
Koenigen LuiEe. via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
LONDON-»-Arrived Sept 7 — Stmr Minneapo
lis, from New York.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Kaleer
Wllhclm der Groese, from New York, via Ply
mouth, for Bremen, and proceeded.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
5— Gcr ship" EKrieda, from Port Blakeley, for
Dordrecht.
Passed prior to Sept 5 — Ger bark Blrma,
from Hambursr, for San Dlegt>.
SHANGHAI — Arrived Sept 2 — Br atmr Ivy
dene, from Port Hlakeloy.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to S«?pt 5 — Stmr
Siberia, hence Axis 8.
LON DON— Arrived Sei>t 6 — Br ship Indore,
from Port Blakeley.
LIZARD— Pnpscd Sept 4 — Br Bhlp County of
Dumfries, from Vancouver, for London.
NKWCAFTLE, Aus — Sfailcil Aue 4 — Schr
WilHs A Holden. for Lahatna. Ausr 5 — Nor
ship America, for Panama; bktn Echo, for
Honolulu; Hr slilp Alcinous. for San Fran
cisco; Nor bark Sigurd, for Honolulu. Aug 7 -
Ilrshlp Port Sor.aclwn. for Panama. Au« S —
Br ship Linlithsowshlre, for Panama. Aug
10 — Fr bark Champlirny. for San Francisco.
In port Auk 17, loading — Br ship Australian,
for Acapulco: Br bark Pass of Leny, for Aca
pulco; schf E B Jackson, for Honolulu; bkln
J J.. Evlston. for Honolulu; Br ship Earl of
Dunraven, for Panama: Hr ship East African,
for Oregon; Br bark Invernelll, for San Diego;
Br ship Alice A Leigh, for Kan Fi*anclsco; LJr
ship Bidston Hill, for San Francisco: Br ship
Crown of Denmark, for San Francisco; Fr
hark Francois Coppee, for San Francisco; Br
ship Galeate, for San Francisco: Fr bark Gen
eral Foy, for San Francisco; Ur ship Hultcn
Hall, fos* San Francisco; Fr bark Lafayette,
for San Francisco: Fr ship Marechal Suchet,
for San Francisco: Br ship Plnmore, for San
Francisco; Fr ship Vendee, for San Fran
cisco; Br ship William Tlllie, for San Fran
cisco.
Two tournaments were completed on
the San Rafael tennis courts yesterday.
A large crowd was in attendance in the
afternoon. In the final3 of the men's
singles Alfonso Bell of Los Angeles beat
Percy Murdock of Alameda. The mixed
doubles honors were carried off by Miss
May Sutton and A. C. Way, also of tne
south. .
The Bell-Murdock match was exceed
ingly close and In doubt until the end.
Murdock had many chances to win. but
lacked the strength- to do so at critical
times. As In the Bell-Sailth match, Bell
wore his opponent down and finally beat
him out on condition/
On strokes Murdock was easily the
equal of his opponent. In the first set
Murdock led at 6-5 and 3(*-0, but lost. 8-6.
In the second set he had a still bigger
lead and at 5-3 looked to have the set
won. In the next game Murdock led at
30-0, but again Bell pulled out.
In the third set Murdock played r-ome
great tennis and won. 6-4. The effort in
this set, however, used him up completely
and the J- fourth and deciding set went to
Bell quite easily. The complete score
was 8-6, 7-5, .4-6, 6-2.
Murdock .played the game of his life
yesterday 'and certainly mads a great
fight, but Bell is undoubtedly, a hard man
to beat. He plays a steady game, excep
tionally strong at the net and never
seems to tire. A peculiar feature of the
match- was •. the number of games each
player, lost on his 'own service. Murdock
outsmashed "his opponent, but did 'not
volley as well. By virtue of his victory'
yesterday Bell will play Champion Free
man on Wednesday.
In the seml-flnals of the mixed doubles
Miss May Sutton and A. C. Way and
Miss Florence Sutton and J. D. MacGav
in furnished the most exciting match of
the tournament. Miss May and Way
won the first set easily, 6-3. The second
set, after 25-5 had been reached, was very
close and went up to 11-9. Miss Florence
and MacGavln had a lead of 5-2, but were
unable to win out. Miss Florence sup
ported her partner excellently, but their
opponents were too aggressive at the net.
The score was 6-3, 11-9.
The final match was a one-sided affair,
the outcome of which was never In
doubt. Mrs. Seymour and L. R. Freeman
were opposed to Miss May Sutton and
Way. The latter won, 6-0. 6-3. Freeman
tried hard to stave off defeat, but most
of the balls were played to his partner.
This afternoon the challenge match in
men's doubles which was postponed from
last Saturday will be played. L. R. Free
man and A. E. Bell (hoiders) will be op
posed to Grant Smith and Drummond
MacGavln (challengers). This is the last
chance of a northern victory, as in both
the men's and women's singles the con
testants are southerner.*. The northern
men are hardly in their best form, but
are considered to have an excellent
chance of .winning. The match will be
played at 2:30.
A consolation singles tournament for
those beaten in their first matches will be
played this morning. The drawing re
sulted as follows:
II. Schmidt vs. Harry Routh. A. Bey
fuss vs. N. Ambrose. C. Griffin vs. J.
Code, J. Brady vs. P. Jones.
Main Performance Is Finer
Than It Ever Was
Before.
May Sutton and A. C. Way
Are Victors in the Mixed
Doubles Contest.
Ringling Brothers' Show
Scores Enormous
Success.
Southern Player Wins a
Spirited Match at
San Rafael.
GREAT CROWDS
ATTEND CIRCUS
BELL TRIUMPHS
OVER MURDOCK
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, TUESDAY; SEPTEMBER 8. 1903.
Oceanic Company's Liner Arrives From i the Antipodes
With a Large Cargo and a Full List of Passengers
After a Round Trip Through the Finest of Weather
STEAMSHIP SONOMA BRINGS
$1,850,0000 IN SOVEREIGNS
8
AD VEBTISE3CENTS.
Yfiars of Severe
Heart Trouble.
Obtained No Relief
Until I Tried
Dr. Miles* Heart Cure-
It Cured Me.
Since the advent of Dr. Miles' Heart Cere
the general public has learned to know that
heart disease is curable. Fluttering, palpi-
tation, shortness cf breath and heart pair.s
rapidiy disappear before its magic influence.
It is unequalled zs a heart and blood tonic.
"My cise xvas one of long standing. A«
early in life as my thirty-sixth year, or more
partiruJarly November. 1853, when returning
hoir.e frcin a joumev, I vras taken with a se-
vere congestive chill, which caa«ed my whole
frame to shake, end which a noted physician
pronounced a case of severe congestion of the
licart. From thrt time on for thirty years I
gradually becatse enfeebled in health, until
1892, rny sufferings became intense from
shortness of breath and palpitation of the
heart. 1 could obtain no permanent relief,
although I spent much money in procuring
raedicJJ advics, until I took several bottles
of Dr. Miles' New Cure for the Heart. I
continued the remedy until ray health was
restored, and zlwzys keep a supply on hand
for any emergency. I am now past 70 years
of age and weigh 176 pounds. I have also
used Dr. Miles' Nerve and Liver Pills, Anti-
Pain Pills and Nerve Plasters with good res-
suits. The Anti Pain Pills proved most
effective in a most painful attack of neu*
ralgia, and also for sciatica. It is rny exper>
ience that the remedies can be relied upon
absolutely every time they are' prop«rly
used."— Vv. G. Koweks, Beaver City, Utah.
AH druggists tell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Miles' Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases, Address
Dt Miles Medical Co, Eikhart, lad.
BAI1WAY TRAVEL
SOUTHERN" PACl FIC
Train* leave »i><> are duo to »rrl»« »'
Xra SAN FKAXCISCO. »
fMaln Line, foot of Market Street )
"ZmTri — — FituM'siiTMMBgn 2. lvo.«. — xutirm
~~7 00a Benlcia, Buuun, Llmlra «na Sacrm-
mento 7-25r
7.00a Vscarllle, Winters. Bu:n*ey.. .... 72Sr
7^0a Martinez. San Kamon, \allejo.
• "* N»pa. Callstoc*. Santi* l'.ogn 625r
7.30a Slies. LlTermore, LatUrop. &:ot:ic-
n 0D» D»Tls.Woodland.kni«t£tsLand!nsc.
Miirr»vll!e. Oro»Ule. (connects
at >!ary»vl!:e for lirldley, D!jks
andChlro) 7.63?
mm* Atlantic Express— OgtlensndKiM. 10.25a
8 Mi Port Costs, Martinez. Antloch. Ry-
O.uua * Trac , m su>ckton,s»cronn:Bto.
Los B»n<>». Mentfotm, Uaaford.
VI«»U». rorturTlIle 4^3f
8 00a fort Co*t.-». Martinez, Tracy Laifc-
oww rol , Modesto. Merced. Prfsno,
OoVben Junctton. Hanford. VI-
¦alla. HsWersfleld .......... ;i .... 6-23?
«S0a Sh>»»t» Express — Darin. VVIIlUmi
(for Burtlett Sprinii*). THilowi.
tFruto, Ked Bluff, Portland 7-55r
• to» Wfic« San .lose. Llrermore. S toe ft-
9 toiT'loD" Sa.-r:>meiito.Pi«cervllle.
M»ry"vtlic Chlco. Ked 151uff 4-25p
• xn» Oskdsle. Chinese. Jamo?towa. So-
S.30A u "^r e Tuo , llin ne unil Ansels 4.2S*
9 00a Martinez »ad Way StV.lons 8 5|y
Tracy. Lsthrop. Stockton.
Merced. IUjiaoni!. Fresno. ll»n-
ford. Vlsalla. B»kersfleld. Lot
.,.30,
12 00m Hiywsrd Nllrssnrt w.iy Sutlona. 32Sr
iiS? Ss/rsmeato River St« il me """"," tllOOl>
Joie. Lt»ermore \ Xii.ooa
5 COr The Owl Limited— Frenno.Tulare.
Ualcersdeld. Lo» Angeles .... H S5a
600f Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton, Los
Banos 1 7«
1530P Hsyward. Mies snd San Jo«e ,V«I
6.00f Usyward. Sllemnd San.)o»e 10 25a
6.00r Oriental M»!l— Opden. DenTer.
Omaha. St. Louta. Chicago and
East. Tort Costa, Bi-nk-la. Sul-
¦uo, Elmlra. Da^la. Sacramento.
Roc kiln. Anburn. Colf»x.
Truckee. Boca, K«no, "Wads-
worth. Wlnnemucca, Battle
Mountain. Kl'ic.0 4.25?
b. . B»no. Trackee, Sacnvrr.ento, Davis,
Suisun. Benlcla, Port Costa 7-55a
B.OOr Vallejo. dally, except Sunday » 7.55,
7.00T Vallejo. bunday only t
7 00r San Pablo. Port Costa, Uartlnez
«Dd Way Stations 11-25a
8 C5f Oregon & C»l!forni» Express— Sac-
mmento. Marysfllle, Redding.
Portland, Pot;et Sound snd East. 855*
8.10* Hay ward. NilesandSan Jcse(Sun-
dayonly) ...--¦ ..-• 11-OSA
11.25r Fort Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Mo- •
des to. Mercefl, Uaymoud (to To-
semlte). Fresno. Hsnford. VI-
salla. Bakersflfld 1225l>_
COAST LINE yarrow Oaa?e).
w (Toot of Market Street.)
7^5a Santa Crua Kxcurslon
only) -. . — - 8-10*
B-IBa Newark. Centerrllle. 8ao Jose,
Felton. Houlaer .Creek, 8snt»
Cruz and Way Stations 625?
12.1 Br Ne-warfc. Centerrllle. Saa Jose.
New Almailen. Los Gatos.Felton.
Bonlder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Pi-inctpaMV ay Stations 10 53*
4.15P Kewark. San Jui:. Los Oatos and
way station* (on Saturday sod
Sunday runs throngh to Santa
Cruz: Mondsy only trom Santa
Cruz). Connects at Felton to
tndfrom Boulder Creek taoa*.
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FUAS CISCO, ioot of Market St. (Sllp*>
— 17:15 »:0O 11:00 a.m. 100 3 CO 5-15 r.M.
From OAKLAND. Koot or Broadway — +«:0O t3:(»
t«:05 10 : 00 a.m. 1200 200 4.00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Uroad tame).
10- ( i 1 bird and Totrnaend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 8 30»
17.00a San Jose and Way Stations 5-36r
7.15a Monterey and Santa Crux Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 8.30i-
SCO* Sew Almaden (Tues.. Frid.. only). 4.10P
8 CO a Coast Line Limited— Stops only San
Jone, Gllroy (connection for IIol-
lister), Pajaro. CaatroTllle, S»-
llnas. San Ardo. Paso Kobles.
Santa Margarita. Sao Luis Oblsno.
(iuadalupe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara. Saugus
and Los Angeles. Connection at
Castrorllle to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove 10 45?
f.COA San Jose. Tres Plnos. Capitols,
SantaCraz.PaciacGrove.Saltnss,
San Lais Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4 I.Tp
••030* Ban Jose and Way Stations 1-2CP
11 -00a CrraPtery Passenger — South San
Francisco, Sao Bruno I.OSr
1140a Santa Clara. San Jose, Los tiatos
and Way Stations 7.30?
aiJOi* SsnJose and Way Stations x7CCr
2.C0r Eaa Jose and Way Stations 59 43*
2.30i" Cemetery Passenffer — South San
Francl«co. San Bruno 435r
t3C0r Del Monte Express — Santa Clara.
B«n Jose. Del Monte. Monterey, •
Pacific Grove (connects at Sauta
Clara, for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauce Points) M2-15*
iZZr Pacific Grove and Way Stations—
Harllnganie.San Mut eu.Ilcil wood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto Miyf.eH.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. San Jose, (UUroy. Ilollls-
ter, Tres Plno»), Pujaro. Watson-
>!!>. Cspltola, Santa Cruz, Cas-
troTiile. Salinas 10-45a
4 ICr Ssn Jose snd Way Stations 8 33*
b COr Sun Jose. (v!-. Ssnt.i Clara) Los
ii.itos, Wright nr.-i Principal Way
Stations (except Sund.iy) 9-OOa
56 ZCf San JoteandPrlnclpalWay Stations fS.OO*
tB.I&r San Mateo.Beresford.Belmont.San
Carlos, Ueilwoud. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo A!to 19.45r
6.3Cr S»n Jose and Way Stations 6 33*
7 ICr Sunset Limited, Ka«t!u>und.— Saa
Luis Oulspo. Santa Barbara. Los
Angeles. l>eraln(». El Paso. New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
arrlTrs t la S»n Joaqqln Valley)... «t8.2Sa
8.90 ¦> Palo Alto and Way Stations 1015*
11.30? South San Francisco. Mtllbrae.i
Burltnpame, San Mateo. I'.el- 1
moct, San Carlos, Redwood, I ,...,
Fair Oaks. Menlo Park. Palo, 15 ifr
Alio. May field. Mountain View. | *****
bunnyrale. Lawrence, Santa j
Clara and San Jose J
A for Morning. P f or Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. j Sunday only.
{ Stops at all stations on Sunday.
t. bunday ezcepted. a Saturdaj only.
'Via Const Line. «r Via San Joaquln Valley.
6 Reno train ea*tboand discontinued.
L3r-Only trains ntoppingat Valencia St. sontnbound
are 6:10 a.m.. t?:0OA.M..ll:0OA.M..2:SO r.M. and S:30r.«.
jK&SppgjTO SAN RAFAEL
gM^li§.SAN OUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
I^bMI^ CAZADERO,ETC.
WEEK~X)ATS= :: rHollday4 excepted)— «:45.
t*7:45. ».45. a:45. 11 a. m.. 12:^0. «l:-i5. J;lJ.
4:15. t5:15. tJ:15. 6:45. 1>. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS-^.
IS, t*». t*10. I*. tll:3« a. m.. tl2:30 T'l ••><*¦
2:35. •3:60. 5. «. 7:S0, 9. 11:4* p. «»
Trains marked <•> run to San Quentin.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 3:15 p. , m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. tram
runs to Fairfax. ,,-. aiV ,
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN r*^?™
—Week days— B. 25. t6:25. T:40, S:15. P.^.
ll:t)5 a. m., 12:30. 2:20. J3:45. 4:50. 5:.>0. 6.4o.
10 S^NDA?S-€:». 7:35. tS:10. 9:40 JIO.W.
mSS a. m- 12:50. 2:30. :3:23. 1:40, :3.5O.
6: T^l 7 nfiar°k7d 0 S) "art from San, j&rtj*
FROM MILL VALLEY JO SAX FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. 6:40 T ; 45. ».-o.
9:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:43, *:!•». --10. ..03.
1O s1?NDAT8-«:35. 7:55. JO. U:10 J. ».. 12:03.
1:05. 2:40 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10 10:40 p. m.
* * THRO'JOH TRAINS. '
7:45 a. m-. week days— Cazad»ro and way
St^ U l O 5 n p m.. week days (Saturdays escepted>—
a 5 Ie V a m.. T 1atuVd a iy°^Ca 2 ad e ro and w,y
** Sundays and Legal Holldays-S k. m.. Caza-
S^Miolld.y.-lO a. ».. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— »:2t5 Market st
FERRY— Foot of Market st. ]
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via SaossUb Ftrry Arrive
SaaFran. *w< st Eartu ift. I San Fran.
Week Sun- San- We*'*"
Days, days /&ftjA I **V* I^r«._
' l:45r »:OOa ifijSP^TsW 13:5Ur3:3^r
1;1Sp1O:OOa a *^S/ 3:3()p 3:5Or
' 2:35 r - .
I fctBrt«y<saij. twt» Targa T g:3Or,srrinlf ll:30»
*iCMf 1 63S Massst St.. ( North Snore Railrcadj
1 emCB I and SaosaUto Fbxrv Foot Uarfcet St.
The Weekly Call
SI pep Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦¦ ¦
Jill CARTERS
- JraBBiTCK^2| BBSS I r H
_ Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from "Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dosa.
Smal] Prico-
IBiL&RS
Guaranteed Pure*
None So Qoo&»
Sold EVergttJhiK® I
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. ]
s> Pacific Coast Agents. flj
For Stomach Disorders
Gout a/id Dysoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGNIER CO., San Francisco.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S gbeat $
jHUSEUH Of SNATOMY^
A g& i05imzxTs?.<ta.stt*7t&.s.r.cii. J
\ - Cf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
V -,ur-Hr n. Wor'd \Veakne4*e* or Any contracted Q
« VWSlSw <lii«« po»l«l»rfjc»r«*hjtht(ilt!t« T
© *S Sfl i'P"'^ 1 " on th = Cc»st Est. 36 years. (9
A &%S?h DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF HEM t
\ f Convjltation free and jtrirt!y priTitc. \
A I y)t{J R Treatment personally or by letter. A A
\ I // fl N ftttivt CW«inerery caiennJertakea. T
A IP I llM Writt for Boole. PUILOXOPIiy af A
" * II 1 ** niSBIAGE, MAILED FREE. (AW
A <} /J. valuable book for mrn) \
V DB.JOBD1N * CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. 9 j
S in f] Ik n fi r\ tJ,'[|lll2li4ilNl!llijl K i
RAILWAY~TBAVEL~
I CALIFORNIA I
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
: fcl Ieares Mondays and Thundtys at t-.SO t.ra. Ea
' u Through In 3 days with Diner* and all trappings. H
Ej Our other trains go at M
j B 7:33m 1 for Stockton, Fresno, H
; 1] 9:33*M > EakersfielJ. Mercsd. K
! H 8:00pm ) Hanford, Vlsalla. f M
• H 4:C0?m for Stockton. E
i Lj 8:09pm for Kansas City and CHicaro. | J
(1 Office. 641 Market Si.t and In Ferry |
H Depot; 1112 BroecJwny.Oafr.Und. R :
K * Trains leave Market Street Firry. |
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN Ml. CO.
LESSEE
JAN FR/.KCISGU kUti NORTH PACIFI2
bahway coaiPAinr.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAW FHANCISCO TO SAN »AFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. H:C0. a. m.:
12:35, 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
- p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:20. »:0O. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:no. 3:40. 5:10. fi:30, 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAFAEL TO SAW FBAKC13C0.
WEEK DAYS— «:06, 6:50. 7:35, 7:50, 9:«0,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, »2:00, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20,
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extm trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:50. 7:35. 9:20, 11:15 a. m. ; 1:43
3:40. 4:50. 6:00, 5:20. C:10. 0:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect ] Arrive
San Francisco. I May 3. 1003. |San Frandaco.
"Week I Sun- I Destina. I Sun- J Week
Days. | days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
I 7:30 a| 7:43 a 7:45 a
7:30 a S:00a 8:4a a 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10-20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p «:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:23 p
- ¦ ' 7j25p
7:30 a 7:30a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00a 8:00a Novato. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p »:30a~ Petaluma. fl:2Op 6°0 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 al 7:30 a 10:2O a|10:20 a
8:00a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p| 2:30 p j | 7:25 p
Windsor. I
7:30 a 7:3Qa Healdsbur*. 10:20 a!l020 a
Lytton. i
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle 7:25 p| 7-25 p
Cloverdale. )
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland^ 110:20 e 110-20 a
2:30 p[ 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:*25 p
7:50 a| 7:30 a| Wllllts. I7:25p|7:25p !
8:0O^| 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 allO" 1 © a
2:30 p| 2:30 p|- ; Ouemevllle. | 7:25 pIb^O p
8:00a 8:00ap Sonoma. |S:40al8-4Oa
5:10 p 6:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p[ 6:20 »
X"-30a| 7:30 al 110:20 all0:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 pi Eebastopol. [ 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln: at Santa Kosa for White Sulphu-
Sprlngs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale. for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprints
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay Lake
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
gprlngs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo
Potter Valley. John Day'*. Riverside Llerly's'
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Height*. Hullv'llle. Orr ; s
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoctno City. For* 'Bragg
Wcstport, Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg'
Westport ' Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle, Cummlnsrs, Bell's Springs. ¦ Harris. Ol-
sen"s. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and ' Eureka. ~ -
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of flee. C50 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act. '
ADVEBTISZMENTS.
soap does nothing but
cleanse, it has no medical
properties; for the color of
health and health itself
use Pears'. Give it time.
Sold all over the world.
.GUTL-ER?f
Coal Reduction
2OOO Pounds
Put in Your Bin
AMERICAN GANNEL $10
Sold by All B«llabl« Dealers. uMEMBERS OF ALAMEDA COUNT? PARLORS. NATIVE SONS OF THE
GOLDEN WEST, WHO ARE ACTIVE IN THE PREPARATIONS FOR
ADMISSION DAY CELEBRATION AT SAN JOSE.
The hair of - the head grows faster in
summer than. in winter. , .
PORTLAND, Ore.. Sept. 7.— Labor day
was observed here by a general suspen
sion of business. The labor unions cele
brated the day by engaging In boat rac
ing -and other athletic sports at Haw
thorne Park- ¦ ..- . •
Oregonians Honor the Day.
MISSOULA, Mont.. Sept. 7.— J. R. Baa
kervllle, a well-known Associated Press
operator, died here to-day of spotted fever,
a strange malady, which is believed to
result from the bite of a. woodtlek pecu
liar to this section of Montana, and which
baffles all medical science. ¦ Baskerville
was stricken upon returning from an out
lag in the mountains .
Operator Dies of Spotted Fever.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
... arrived.
Monday, September 7.
Bark Blf. Bonanza, Btensland, 13% daya
from - Nushagak.
Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevlg;, 4% days fropi
Eureka.
DOMESTIC PORT.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Sept 7— Schr LettlUa.
for San Francisco; BChr Comet, for Santa Bar
bara." w ?BE2¥«^SSS<tf
' Arrived 8*pt 7— Schr Sophie Chrlstensen,
from San Pedro; «ehr.H D Bendlxsen, from
JEiedondo; schr A J West, from Redondo.
SAN* 'DIEGO. Sept. 7— To-day was gen
erally observed as a holiday In this city,
banks and other business houses being
closed, as w»ll us county and city courts.
At 2 o'clock a pa«tde was formed and
marched throuch the business streets.
about 1200 men being In line. There were
many handsome floats in the procession.
After the parade a Land concert was given
on the Dlaza, where an address was made
by Judge Noyes of Riverside.
Business Is Suspended and Day Is
Given to Pleasure.
PAKADE AT SAN DIEGO.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Sept. 8.— Fire which
broke out In the large stables of the Alle
gheny Transfer Company at Sixteenth
and Liberty streets at 2 'o'clock this
(Tuesday) morning resulted In a loss of
at least $200,000. distributed over a greater
portion of the block bounded by Sixteenth
and Seventeenth streets and Liberty
street and Spring alley.
Fire Destroys a Pittsburgh Block.
NEW ORLEANS, Bept. 7.— Steamship
advices of the destruction by a hurricane
of San Miguel, a town on the east coast
of Yucatan, were received here- to-day.
Not a building was left standing; The
steamer Breakwater, which, passed San
Miguel on her way from New Orleans to
Belize, found the placed in ruins, not a
living soul being In sight:
San Miguel was the oldest town in Mex
ico. It was the place where Cortez landed
when he discovered Mexico and there he
established . his headquarters. The hurri
cane caused immense damage along the*
Mexican coast and many lives are re
ported lost. . .
SPRINGER, N. M.. SeDt. 7.— On last
Friday afternoon mine 'No. 1 of the. Daw
eon Fuel Compayy, caught fire and it Is
•till burning ' In room No. 8 of the mine
were Serapio Ragel and Ulguel Salazar,
both of Mexico, and a negro known as
Phil, all perishing. Some one aet fire to
a curtain at the entrance of the mine
and from thia the flre started. .
Saturday evening the superintendent of
the mine with a force of men started to
rescue those Inside and nut out the fire.
The fans were working and when the
force, was quite a distance Inside, a terri
ble explosion took place, throwing some
of them as far as thirty feet. All came
out scorched and scratched and some
slightly hurt " ¦
The mine is still on fire and the bodies
of the dead . have not been recovered.
San Miguel on the East
Coast of Yucatan Is
Swept Away.
Flames Spread Rapidly
and Cut Off Their
Escape.
SACRAMENTO. Sept; 7.— Fully 5000 men
marched in the Labor, day parade in Sac
ramento this forenoon. It- was one ot the
best parades organized labor had had in
this city In. many years. Several tally
ho coaches were In the line, carrying
young women who are members of the
Retail Clerks' Union. The young women
wore white dresses and carried white par
asols. They were heartily applauded, along
the Mne of march. This afternoon the
unions had a celebration at Oak Park.
Young Women of .Unions Appear
Radiantly at Sacramento.
BEAUTY ON PARADE.
THREE MEN DIE
IN BURNING MINE
Canvas and Poles Drop on Spectators
and One Hundred of Them
Are Injured.
A'.THONY. Kans., Sept. 7.— During a
severe windstorm to-day the tent in
which John Robinson's circus was exhib
iting was blown down. An immense
throng wa« In the menagerie, and when
the poles ar.d canvas came down a hun
rti^d or more persons were hurt, of whom
iifty required medical attention.
Price Joyner, a farmer, was probably
fatally hurt. Cages containing the wild
V,r.!mals were overturned, some of the
rages falling on people. None of the ani
mals escaped.
CIRCUS TENT COIXAPSES
IN A KANSAS WINDSTORM
I have never as yet challenged Mr. Parry
to Join in a debate, but I say now I will
challenge Mr. Parry to a debate upon the la
bor question and the labor movement not
necessarily before a great public gathering
although I will do that if It please* him but
1 am willing to meet him In debate before
any economic association that he may select
1 will meet him before the Indianapolis Min
isterial Association or the Manufacturers' As
sociation or that of any other city in Am«rica
I challenge him to submit the report that he
prepared for the last convention «t Xew Or
leans to the mxt convention of the Manufac
turer*' Association and ask the convention to
indorse al! he said in that report. He knows
that the National Manufacturers' Association
will not be committed to such an unjustifiable
and unreasonable attack on organized labor
Organized labor has' no feeling against Mr.
Parry. It has r.o denlgns against his life, his
children or the safety of his property. He
is as eafe Irom labor as is President Roose
velt.
A strike may bring about strife and discord,
but as soon as it is done, better feelings are
engendered and mutual respect is brought
about. I don't think I would care to have
a atrtke in Mr. Parry's factory, but I don't
believe It would be an unmixed evil, for he.
might learn the lesson that Mr. Baer has
learned— that there is something to arbitrate,
to discuss, to concede.
To-<3ay we have great machines of labor,
new tools of labor, dividing and subdividing
the labor performed, specialization of Industry
going on. the worker doing a thousand, aye.
ten thousand times over and over a little
given thing la the great beehives of industry,
and all these machines propelled by the power
of steam and electricity. Xow, I ask every
thoughtful man and woman within the sound
of tny voice, I ask any one who may perhaps
have the ouoortunity of reading anything I
may eay this afternoon, how can a workman,
an individual workman, act upon his own ini
tiative and from his own volition? Where can
he act as an individual to try to 6ccure im
provement in his condition, much less protec
tion against a great corporation?
Some eay the workingmen lore their indi
viduality when they join a union of labor. In
the United States the workingman has lost his
individuality just as coon as he enters one of
our great modern industrial plants.
President Gompers turned his attention
to D. M. Parry, president cf the National
Manufacturers' Association! He said
Parry had constituted himself the savior
ot society and civilization. His references
to Parry were from the standpoint of
ridicule. Gompers said in closing:
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., Sept. 7. -The
Labor day parade to-day was the largest
ever seen here. The address of the day
was delivered this afternoon by Samuel
Gompers, president of the American Fed
eration of Labor. He said in part:
Samuel Gompers Challenges D. M.
Parry to a Debate.
LABOR DAY IN THE EAST.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N. Y., Sept. 7.-Theo
dore Shaffer, president of the Amalga
mated Association of Iron Workers, who
has been missing from hls^home in Pitts
burg, surprised the labor unions of this
city to-day by appearing at the Labor day
celebration. He had been announced as
the orator of the day, but owing to the
published accounts of his disappearance
Herman R*oblnson of New York, secretary
of the New York Central Labor Union,
was invited to take his place.'
Robinson was received by the commit
tee and escorted to the Hudson River
Driving Park, where more than 1000 per
sons were assembled. Just before Robin
son was introduced Shaffer arrived in a
cab and made his way tp ' the platform,
not recognized by the crowd. He looked
pale and showed signs of exhaustion.
After Robinson's addre'ss President Shaf
fer was introduced. In a husky voice he
said^ •
' The thing I would moat gladly do Is to keep
still and say nothing. Two years ago I made a
mistake by trying to make 13,000 people hear
me and as a result of such efforts I am re
duced physically. Nine months ago I made
three speeches in one day, and I will not again
allow people to use me up In that way.
That was all the reference he made to
himself and he then proceeded with evi
dent difficulty to make a brief speech.
When asked to make a statement he said
that he was anxioiia to make one and ar
ranged with the reporters to meet them at
the Nelson House at 7 o'clock , to-night.
He was then driven away in company
with John Bradley, a prominent local la
bor man. It' was found that he had not
been at the Nelson . House at all and a
thorough search, of -the -city- failed to re
veal any trace of either Shaffer or Brad
ley. It is : believed that Shaffer hurried
away from .the city. '
Missing President of Iron Workers
Appears at Celebration.
SURPRISES HIS ASSOCIATES.
The Pioneers of Santa Clara County
will aid the Native Sons In entertaining.
This society will have headquarters In
the Odd Fellows' building. The Pioneers
will also ride in carriages in the parade.
;San"Jose. Observatory and Palo Alto par
lors of this city, aided by the two par
lors of Native Daughters of this city,
will hold a reception at the Native Sons'
Hall on Tuesday evening and Wednesday
afternoon and evening. -The local par
lors will also' meet the incoming trains
-Tuesday evening with a ' reception com
mittee and band and escort the various,
parlors to their headquarters. St. James
•Park is to be brilliantly lighted with elec
.tric lights and a band concert will be
given that evening. A feature of the big
parade will be an old-time pack train
furnished by the Santa Clara County So
ciety of Pioneers.
SAN' JOSE. Sept. 7. — A royal welcome
awaits the Native Sons and Daughters
of the Golden West to-morrow night. The
San Jose parlors are prepared to do their
part and they will see that there is plenty
of entertainment for the visitors. About
10,000 visitors are exptcted. The advance
guards of the parlors are beginning to
arrive and have begun the decoration of
their headquarters. Thlrty-.wo parlors
of the Native Sons have signified their
intention of coming to San Jose and most
'of these will have headquarters and en
tertain. .
Decorated San Jose Awaits Arrival of
Thousands of Visitors.
GARDEN CITY RADIANT.
red fire on the march to the Townsend
street depot and while the procession is
moving a large number of bombs will be
sent up to explode far above the heads
of the marchers.
LOS ANGELES. Seiit. '7.— Because the
members of her family went buggy riding
and left her at home Tillie Cohtreras, a
handsome young woman-. of eighteen
years,, brooded over the fancied slight xiri
til 11 o'clock to-night, when she took
carbolic' acid and died in fifteen minutes.-
She had been 111 and her relatives thought
it beat that she remain at home: She
did so unwillingly "and when the family,
returned refused to eat dinner with them.
She. retired to the .parlor and remained
there throughout the . evenins. • • ¦ r
About 11 o'clock her '¦_ brother-in-law
heard her choking and gasping and ran
to her. assistance and found that she had
swallowed* almost the entire contents of
1 half a -pint .bottle ot carbolic acid. She
was hurriedly 'conveyed to the Receiving
Hospital, but died within ten minutes
after- reachins there. - ;
Goes Out Riding With
-•\ -~. • out Her. •
She Drinks Acid Because the Family
HANDSOME YOUNG GIRL . /
- :: ;£ .; takes her own life
Sequoia No. 160 will b.e distinguished in
the parade here and in San Jose by a
new- omiform, patterned after . the cow
boys'"attire. The boys will each wear a
big sombrero and. in the march will be
led bj',the recently organized drum corps.
In San Jose the boys of No. 160 will keep
open' house in Belloli Hall and will enter
tain guests day and night. ' , v 
, South San Francisco Parlor will parade
in strong numbers and -will be preceded
by Its- own drum corps. *
• During the parade' that 'will take place
in this city to-night the .committee, on
fireworks has made : arrangements by
which there will be a liberal display. of
One of the parlors that proposes to
make a big show is El Capitan, the baby
parlor of this city, and according to an
old time custom the "baby members" will
wear baby caps and each will be provided
with a nursing bottle, filled with miik—
or something stronger.
. El Dorado Par '.or has secured headquar
ters in the Native Sons' -building and will
entertain with tliat liberality that has, in
the past, marked its" hospitality. It will
be in evidence in the parade in this city
to-night and in San Jose to-morrow and
on each occasion will be distinguished
by white and gold badges. It will display
a new silk flag and will also bring out
its magnificent banner which is always a
feature of a parade.
BABY PARLOR AMBITIOUS.
Hesperian Parlor, of the Mission dis
trict, will turn out a large number of men
in uniform and will have- with it its beau
tifu banner. It will be headed by the
Hesperian drum corps of fifteen pieces.
The parlor will be accompanied by the
members cf Las Lomas Parlor of the
Native Daughters.'
parlor and their friends will take a trol
ley ride to Alum Rock. Jess C. Allan
is the chairman^of the committee of ar
rangements.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. ".— Thousands of
uniformed men paraded the streets this
morning in an unusually successful cele
bration of Labor day. It is estimated
that 10.000 men were in line, every union
in the city being represented by march
ing companies and many of them by hand
somely decorated floats. In the afternoon
the unionists, under the direction of the
Loa Angeles Council of . Labor, gathered
at Chutes Park, where literary exercises
and a programme of sports were given.
The day was generally observed in every
town in Southern California, special cele
brations being held at San Bernardino.
Riverside, Redlands. Pasadena, Santa
Barbara and Santa Ana.
THOUSANDS IN LINE.
Unions Make a Splendid Showing In
the Southern Metropolis,
BERLIN, Sept. .".— Herr Rebel's articles
on the vice presidency of the Reichstag,
which he Is opposed to the Socialist party
accepting, have betn declined by the edi
tor of the Vorwaerts and therefore the
late autocrat of the party., has been
obliged to have them printed in less im
portant Socialist papers. The significance
of this is that the Vorwaerts is the
party's central organ and is owned col
lectively and controlled by a committee
designated by the party organization. It
is taken to mean that leaders like Herr
Bernstein, who differ from Herr Bebel
on the party policy and favor accepting
a vice presidency, have obtained the up
per hand. Hr-rr Bebel says in a signed
article that he will require a reckoning
at the party's convention at Dresden,
when questions of policy and leadership
must be settled.
Central Organ of German "Socialist
Party Refuses to Print Views -
of Former Leader.
HERE BEBEL'S ARTICLES \
ABE DECLINED BY. PAPEB
TACOMA, "Wash.. Sept. 7.— Because he
could not solve an advertising puzzle, the
Rev. Thomas Sullivan is believed tp have
suffered another lapse of memory-
He left home August 19 and no trace of
him can be found. He Is pastor of the
Center-street Congregational Church and
left his family with only five cents.
Early in August he became interested
in an advertising puzzle and worked on' it
night and day. At the same time he was
worrying about a delayed remittance from
the Home Mission Society. * In this con
dition he announced his intention of going
to Seattle and has not since been seen by
friends.
Failure to Solve Puzzle Said to Be
Reason for Han's Disap
pearance.
CLEEQYMAN MISSING ¦
FB0M A TACOMA CHURCH
BIG HURRICANE
DESTROYS TOWN
Pacific Parlor of this city has secured
the large hall in the St. James Hotel in
San Jose, which is ' admirably adapted
for dancing and it has engaged a number
of rooms sufficient to accommodate the
large number of members who are to. b6
in. line in the parades in, the , two cities.
The parlor will keep open -house all day
on th« 9th and will have a grand ball in
the evening, having secured the- San. Jose
City Orchestra, which performs at the
Alum Rock Park. This, will furnish con
cert music during the afternoon and
dance music at night. This parlor In the
past always had a first-class brass band
to accompany It, but- this year ' it could
not make terms that were satisfactory to
it. so the band will not play. On arrival
in San Jose to-night the members of the
Athens Parlor of Oakland I has* secured
new uniforms for the occasion, consist
ing of white flannel trousers and coats,
white silk vestlets, white Fedora hats,
white neckties and white canvas shoes,
and each member will carry a white para
sol with golden streamers. Among those
who have been very active in the ar
rangements for the celebration ' by this
parlor may be named Louis A.- Lefevre,
vice president of the committee of ar
rangements; E. J. Russell, a member 'of
that committee, and Dr. W. H. Abbey, a
member of the joint 9th of September
committee.
The natives of Alameda expect to make
a good showing and they will ilcave for
the celebration city by specials to-night
and regular and special trains to-mor
row forenoon.
PACIFIC SECURES HALL.
It ia expected that between five and
Bix thousand people will leave this city
by the broad-gauge trains that will, carry
excursionists this afternoon and to-night
and by the regular and specials to-mor
row forenoon. Whatver profit may be
derived from the sale of tickets will this
year not be divided among tho parlors,
as in the past, but will be turned over
to the Native Sons' committee that has
charge of arranging for the exercises that
are to be held at the launching of the
cruiser California, now being built at the
Union Iron "Works.
FROM the preparations that have
been made by the Native Sons of
the Golden "West, represented "In
the joint 9th of September cele
bration committee, in which are
delegates from the parlors of the order
!n San Francisco, Alameda and Marln
counties, and by what has been done by
the parlors of Santa Clara County, as
sisted by the membership of the parlors
in Santa Cruz and Monterey, it is evident
that the festivities in San Jose to-mor
row will surpass any previously held In
that city in honor of the admission of
the State into the Union. " :
The interest manifested in the event
was apparent at the meeting of the Joint
committee held in Native Sons' Hall,
when more than thirty parlors were rep
resented, a larger representation than
was ever had in such a committee since
the monster celebration in this city in
honor of the golden jubilee of the State's
birth.
Organization of Prominent Men '
Formed at the State Fair
in Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 7.— There was a!
meeting of stockmen from various sec- 1
lions of the State at the pavilion to- 1
night for the purpose of perfecting an '•
¦ irganizatkin. the object of which is to ;
advance and improve livestock Interests
in the State of California. ¦%%". E. Howard i
of Ban Francisco was elected president
and X. A. Chisholm of Jacinto, Glenn
County, secretary.
The following were appointed a com
mlttgr on constitution and by-laws to re
port at a meeting- to be held at the pa
vilion to-morrow night: Agricultural di
rector—F. H. Uurke of San Mateo, Judge
Peter J. Shields of Sacramento, F. I.
Hodgkins of Stockton, l>.-:iah Bird of
il creed and Professor Major of the Uni
versity of California-
The following signified their willingness
ir> join in the organization: F. H. Burke,
San Mateo; J. H. Glide Jr., Sacramento;
Professor W. L. Carlyle, Fort Collins.
• 'olorado: H. P. Eakles Jr., Woodland; F.
I. Hodg-kins, Stockton; Isaiah Bird. Mer
c«-d; Clark & Bishop. Kingsburg, Kings
CotSttjr; George W. Thomas, Riverside;
<:uy H. Miller. Riverside; G. C. Owens.
Concord. Contra Costa County; George ;
T. Coles, Lornpoc Santa Barbara County;
Charles EL Blemer, State Veterinarian:
N. A. Chisholm, Jacinto. Glenn County:
Professor Major, University of California;
Judge Peter J. Shields, Sacramento; E.
H. Howard. San Francisco; James Ir
vine, Tu-stin. Orange County.
The meeting was ttddresse-d by Professor
Carlyle. Judge of the livestock exhibit at
the fair.
3. A. Filcher and Frank "Wiggins (State
Corr.snipsioner? to the St. Louie Exposi
tion). Judges of the county exhibits at
the pavilion, made the following awards,
which were approved by the State Agri
cultural Society: Yolo County, first
prize; Butte County, second prize; Ala
rafda County, third prize; San Joaquin
County, fourth prize. The exhibit of Sac
ramento County is praised In the highest
terms, and the attention of the entire
Staf is called to the county's magnanim
ity in not competing for a prize.
STOCKMEN ASSEMBLE
TO ADVANCE INTERESTS
ROME, Sept. 7.— Senator Antonio Car
darelli, one of the best known Italian
physicians and a professor at the Uni
versity of Naples, whose name was among
those mentioned when it was proposed to
call in additional physicians for consulta
tion with Drs. Lapponl and Mazzonl dur
ing the Illness of the late Pope Leo, but
who was not called because he was a
Senator and therefore had taken the oath
of allegiance to the King, is on the point
of publishing a pamphlet with the inten
tion of proving that the Pope did not die
of pleurisy. The appearance of the pam
phlet is awaited with great curiosity, as
it is foreseen that it will give rise to a
heated discussion.
Senator Cardarelli Claims That De
mise of Pontiff Was Not Due
• to Pleurisy.
WILIi PUBLISH PAMPHIiET
ON DEATH OF POPE LEO
Flint ppent last night in jail, being un
able to give $5000 bonds as asked. Flint
formerly conducted a dry goods store in
this citv and a few years ago failed.
His creditors tri»=d to have the insolvency
set aside on the ground of fraud, but
failed.
SAN' JOSE. Sept. 7.— W. G. Flint, -a
dry goode merchant at Salinas, was ar
rested there and brought to San Jose
last evening to answer to a charge of re
ceiving stolen poods. The complaint is
made by I. Bernstein, proprietor of a
department store of this city. A couple
of weeks ago A. Block, the. head sales
man at thp store_ was arrested for em
btzzlement. He was accused of shipping
goods to Flint, ar.d confessed. A valise
full of silks and fancy goods was recov
ered from the express office, where Block
had sent it to ship to Kilnt. Bernstein
estimated that Block had robbed his store
of over $500 worth of' goods. It was also
found that Flint had s«-nt Block $100 a
few days before, and Block claimed that
Flint also owed him $150.
DBY GOODS MERCHANT
IS TAKEN TO A JAIL
Salinas Man Accused of Having Re
ceived Stolen Goods From
San Jose.
G. B. Craton. J. A. Smith. "W. F. M'rwln.
R. B Cameron K. F. Lacy. F. D. Hopk!n»,
H. 8 Levis G'. A % Green. I. C. Levy. C. H.
Summers. F. Craig. A. H. Spencer. J. W.
Kadclifte H. G. Walker. H. G. llderton. R.
Nathan M S. Carsey. W. Yv\ Wilson. Thomas
Murray F. J. Furgeaon. E. G. Swift. B. A.
Meyer. "\V. H. French. J. E. Murray. J. B.
Fullmer \V. H. Thompson. M. A. Peterson.
F. Wilson. James Harry, H. L. Matthews and
M. Brysoii.
H. G. Walker, being chosen president,
appointed the following committees to as
sist In conducting the business of the con
vention;
p resa _B. A. Meyer, R. Nathan and M. 3.
Cutty
Order of business— F. Craig, F. D. Hopklni
• Resolutions— G. B. Craton. W. W. "Wilson
awl H. L. Matthews.
Constitution and by-laws — I. C. I<evr.
Thomas Murray. J. B. Fullmer, E. F. Lacy.
E. G. Swift. H. G. llderton and H. L. Mat
thews
Subordinate bodies— C. H. Summers. G. A.
Green J. TV. Radcllffe. W. H. Thompson. E.
G. Swift. James Harry and J. A. Smith.
The convention resumes its session at 10
o'clock thia morning.
DELEGATES MEET TO FORM
A NEW- ORGANIZATION
State Charter of American Labor
Union Is Object of Con
vention.
Delegates from the American Labor
Union, the Western Federation of Miners,
the International Musical Union, the
United Brotherhood of Railway Em
ployes, the Express Auxiliary and one
local of the \. B. of C. and J. met In
the Assembly Sail of the Parrott build
ing yesterday for the purpose of forming
a State orsanization to be chartered un
der the American Labor Union.
The. American Labor Union alma to be
a rival, though a friendly one, of the
American Federation of Labor, being
built on a broader basis.
The following delegates were seated in
the convention:
Old Woman Leave3 Car for a
Walk and Becomes Con
fused on the Tracks.
Oakland office San Francisco Call.
U1S Broadway. September 7.
One ol the most f-hockinjt tragedies *:n
ajrtnable occurred here this morning.
Fredericks Hlllman. wife of Carl Hillman,
an aged German, was killed by a locomo
tl'.e in the presence of her husband..
Thf Hlllmans arrived from Nebraska on
::n early morning train and prior t-> the
accident they were taking a itroll amrnij
the network of railroad trick* in W'.-st
Oakland. Mrs. Hilliran was 72 years or
age, not accustomed to her surioundin j.«
and not used to trains. She became con
fui-td among the tracks and Ti-a.s struck
» !" an Alarr.eda local.
£he anJ h« r husband left th» sleiptr
Bbout 7:30 ¦*. m., for a sliort wills. " KtS
frtnps were twitching and tra-ins were
jiapBiriK. At First and Cedar streets the
unfortunate woman tried to .•rcs< the
1'ark in front of e fast-running Aiarueila
local. She was struck and knock? i hi?h
fn the air, then run ever by the wheels
« { iliv locomotive and her head was sev
ired from thr- body.
The ttrrinrd liufbar.il was one of the
Tew that witnessed the accident. A ao
mest In advance he realized his wife's
¦ ::-p'-r and WiiP Just too late to prevent
her from eratsin* in front of the train.
Deputy Coroner Quellin was notified ol
tfcf accSdrnt and the remains were re
move.1 to the morgue.
Hillmin and hi? wife had come from
their Nebraska home to make a tour of
the Suit. They arrived this morning and
S.;.d intended to '<-&ve for Southern Cali
fornia this afternoon, but had arranged
la be allowed to remain in the tourist
car until their train left. Hillman Is pros
trated.
Thornton employs a large number of
teamsters, all of whom are members of
the union, and has never had any trouble
with the organization before to-day.
CHICAGO, Sept 7.-J. J. Thornton, the
proprietor of a warehouse and van com
pany, was assaulted to-day during: tho
labor parade for driving one of his own
teams without having a union card in his,
possession. Thornton hitched three horses
to one of his vans In the morning and
took a score or more of children to see
the parade. He attempted to haul noth
ing but h!s guests. For three hours ho
stood with his wagon at the corner of
Jackson boulevard and Clark street and
watched the parade, and when he at
tempted to drive away he was stopped
by some of the teamsters in the parade,
who asked if he had a union card. He
tried to explain that he needed no card,
that it was his own team and that he was
doing no hauling. Several hundred men
gathered around the wagon and attempt
ed to drag- him off. An escort of police
enabled him to get several blocks away,
when a mob numbering fully 1000 caught
up with him. He whip|«d up his horses,
and for nearly a mlle*fie was pursued,
when finally the mob cut the harness of
his horses into small pieces, beat the
animals with canes, compelling them to
run away and then beat Thornton badly.
Th* particular facts which were in isstue in
the Judgment In the Insolvency proceeding-? are
not ehown. Section* 17 qf the bankruptcy act
provides that the discharge in bankruptcy
shall, release the bankrupt from nil of his
provable debts, with certain exceptions, and it
does not appear from the affidavit filed' in sup
r*^rt of tht j^T"**!?<.-nt. rnot-i^n t ?~ «i t tl^o J udtrrriorit
in the ,n*olvency proceedings in the State
court was based unon the facts falling within
any of thc-fe exception*. That judgment made
under the laws of the Htate of California may
have • been given for reasons and groun-Js
other than the exceptions to euch facts, and if
«a. would not affect a decree of discharge If
granted in this proceeding. Vpon this state
of the record the motion to vacate the order
setting aside the proceeding! Ufon judgment
in the Justice's count must be denied.
Tlie motion is based upon the alleged fact
that prior to th« enactment of the present
bankruptcy art tho bankrupt commenced pro
ceedings in the Superior Court of the. city and
county of 6an FranciFco fur his discharge**.
ur<<l*r tho insolvency inw of the State of Cali
fornia;- from tin ln<i(-btcdn>'(<B upon which the
judgment in the Justice's court was founded
an<i that" his application was denied. It is
argued, that the light of tho bankrupt to be
ciycharped from such " irdebtccJnrj-s has thus
been finally determined against him. and there
fore the eredilur should be allowed .to enforre
the Judgment obtained by him in the Justice's
court.
In the matter of James H. Bybee, a
bankrupt. United States District Judge
de Haven yesterday denied the motion
to vacate the order heretofore made. The
order staid the execution of a Judgment
obtained against the bankrupt in the Jus
tices' Court in this city on December 26.
VJ02. In giving his reasons for the deci
sion JudKu de Haven said:
. WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— The State De
partment to-day received a routine mes
tage from Beaupre. the American Minis
ter in Bogota, acknowledging the receipt
of SecretaryHay's cablegram of August
26,, stating' that the "Washington Govern
ment-would enter. Into no engagement
which would hamper'-the President's free
dom of action under. the' law. Thls^-was
all the cablegrajn stated, although tt. has
been, the basis /for . ¦ reports
about Beaupre's ideas of the Bogota situ
ation. -\ ¦'•¦'¦'¦ '"..,• .'¦ ¦ ' ¦'. C\-Jii^i j
. The State Department's attitude Is one
of dlgmifled patience. -No Indication*; 6f Its
course of • action " In. the event* that, the
Colombian -Congress rejects./ or amends
• the treaty ;will be forthcoming until the
time for. the exchange of: ratifications- ex
pires on September 22. V It I*- known at the
State Department that the Colombian
Congress is already regretting its'hafcty
action in rejecting the treaty, but the
State Department will suggest no remedy
for the mistake. Once and for all the
State Department has announced, that the
treaty was. approved by the Washington
Government, ¦was ratified by the American
Senate. It is up to the Bogota Govern
ment. to ratify that identical treaty, if
Colombia -desires an isthmian canal.
The State Department > regards all the
reports as -to the connection of this G3v
ornment with; or even its' interest in. the
unrest on the isthmus as too trivial for
consideration. Dr. Herran, the Colom
bian Charge, indignantly scouts the idea
that the United States would lend itself
to the encouragement of • this unrest.
Will Make No Further Repre
sentations Concerning
Canal Treaty.
Victim Is Badly Injured Be
fore Police Rescue Him
From Mob.
Term 'nation of a Stubbornly
.Contested Case Two
Years Old.
Tour of Aged Nebraska
Couple Is Rudely
Terminated.
ChicagoParaders Attack
Him for Not Having
Union Card.
State Department Tem
porarily Ignores the
Republic.
JudgfeDeHaven Releases
Him Prom Pending
Judgment.
AWAITS ACTION
BY COLOMBIA
SEES AN ENGINE
KILL HIS WIFE
TEAMSTERS BEAT
VAN PROPRIETOR
BANKRUPT BYBEE
WINS HIS POINT
FESTIVITIES WILL SURPASS
THOSE OF FORMER YEARS
Native Sons of the Golden West Prepare for .Celebra
tion at San Jose of State's Admission to the Union
and Lavish Hospitality Will Be Order of the Day
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1903.
9
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
M CELEBRATED *O
• Sick Headache, Flatulency,
Belching, Lossof Appetite, Indi-
gestion, Dyspepsia and Constipa-
tion are all caused by the stomach
becoming weak. Strengthen it
with the Bitters and be cured of
these ailments. It never fails.
Be sure to try it. g|
PLATES AT COST.
Made by- tbe prcf escort of thia college And
i,-u*ranteed a perfect fit. We solicit lhe.mo*i
«]«.rf.cult ca&«s aud make s «pfclalty of natural
lookinc and F*-rvleeable M*th.
Painless Methods — Extraction Tt—.
Vtrk'Din 0 to 9: Sundays. 9 to I.
POST-GEADUATE EIHTAL COLLEGE
Baa Francisco— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Wathlngtca Street.
¦aa Jo»e— 45 Eact Santa Clara Street.
ADVEBTIS-rnVTE'NTS.
Miss Alice M. Smith, of So.
Minneapolis, Minn., tells bow
woman's monthly suffering is
permanently relieved by Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
"I have never before given my en-
dorsement- for any medicine, but
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound has added so much to my
life and happiness that I feel like mak-
ing' an exception in this case. For two
years every month. I would have two
days of severe pain and '•ould find no
relief, but one day while visiting a
friend I ran across Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound,—
she had used it with the best results
and advised me to try it. I found
that' it worked wonders with me ; I
now experience no pain, and only had
to use a few bottles to bring about
this wonderful change." — Miss Alice
M. Smith, 804 Third Ave., South Min-
neapolis, Minn. —fSOOO &f*tt if original of
aboaa litter proving genuinenesywnot bo product*.
/Manj -vroinen sutfcr silently
and see their best prif t.s fade away.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound makes the entire fe-
male organism healthy.
FREE ADVICE TO WOMEN
Mrs. Pinkham will give every
ailing: woman expert advice en-
tirely free. She has helped thou-
sands. Address Lynn* Maaib «^THE SAN FI?AK CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1903.
10
HELP WANTED—. MALE— Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. Employment Agts.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
Special Shipment To-day. Free fare for
Chatswortb Park Tunnel L. A. Co.. Cal.
10 tunnel timbermen f 2 50
10 helpers, laborers 92
Company work; board %i 50; free fare.
Special Shipment To-day for Nevada.
Laborers. Reno. Nevada board $4 50 $2
Laborers. Beowa we. ! Nevada board $4 50..$'-
Laborers. Golconda board $4 5O ?S
Ship Daily Free Fare.
Extra gangs, section hands. California.. $1 70
k ree Fare Ship Daily
New R. R. Work, Santa Fe R. R.
"Trackmen, laborers $2 $2 23
Free_Fare ship Dally
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
New Work Near Marysville Cal.
Rockmen. laborers 22 hour
2 rough " carpenters, sawmill boss here
.' $60 board
Porter for a store $2
Fruit and almond pickers 51 50
Butler. $35. $40; married milker. $50; 5 farm
teamsters $30
Pastry cook, restaurant, city $60
3 cooks, city hotels $50. $60
Cooks, fryers, broilers, second cooks.. $40. $$O
Walter, Boca, fare advanced $:J5
2 waiters. Marysville $35
Waiters Santa Cruz, Watsonvllle others..
'..$40. $35
Houseman, south, fare advanced $25
Pantrymen, porters, housemen, bell, elevator
boys. pot. dish washers, kitchen hands, sll-
vermen, city and country $40. $15
Bread baker, institution, country $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agents.
429 Bosh si 042 Clay st.
WANTED — In wholesale house, a strong
young roan. 18 to 20 years old, with some ex-
perience In running electric elevator; refer-
ences required. Address box 1733, Call.
WANTED — A young man to take orders and
assist In meat market. Apply 1221 Devisa-
dero «t.
BARBER wanted; union; steady. 1007 Valen-
cla st.
WANTED — Young man to carry morning pa-
per route. Apply 1212B Larkln st.
WAITER In a restaurant. 1759 H Mission it.
WANTED — For a small laundry, a. good, steady
and experienced man. Address box 1732.
BARBER wanted; $13 per week. 8 Market St.
"WANTED— 3 laborers, pick and shovel. Four-
teenth ave. and N at. So.; Kentucky st. cars.
WANTED — Head waiter at New Golden Gate
Hotel. 164 Fourth st.
BOOTBLACKS — Space for bootblack stand to
let; splendid location. Box 4170, Call.
WANTED— A first-class waiter. 29 Stockton
street.
GOOD barber wanted. 107 Jackson street.
WANTED — An experienced young man for
liquor store. 331 Ellis street.
YOUNG man with some experience in fruit.
vegetable and poultry business. S3 Ninth st.
WASTED — Window cleaner; must be recom-
mended. Call 6 a. m. Tuesday. Call building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third St.. Exam. bid.
BRIGHT boy of. good address, about IS. to
make himself generally useful and learn the
business. Apply by letter, with references.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
CARD write" and window trimmer; dry and
fancy goods JOE ROSENBERG. 816 Mar-
ket st. *
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON
477 and 468 Parrott building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — Experienced, clean, steady waiter.
Ill Larkln st.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to locate in
Oakland and write short articles for publica-
tion; $18 per week; no communications an-
swered without references. Box 1720, Call.
WANTED — Clothing salesmen. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
COATMAKHR for country. REISS BROS. A
CO.. 24 Sutter st.
BOY for office; state age and experience. Box
1721. -
BOYS wanted: good wages: steady work.
Illinois Pacific Glass Co.. 15th and Folsom.
STEADY, active boy for wholesale house; state
age and experience. Box 2438. Call office.
MAN to do janitor -work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED — Rough carpenters ' and . laborers.
Apply room 14. 26 Montgomery st., San
Francisco Construction Company.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia street.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOTELS AND BOARDING-HOUSES.
THE PRINCETON.
European plan.
Superbly furnished and the only high-
grade residence hotel *in the city which is
operated on the European plan; located at
710 Jones st.. between Sutler and Post, and
reached by three street car lines; rooms
mostly arranged en suite, with bath; electric
lights, steam heat, long distance telephone in
every suite: billiard and smoking rooms ann
' a magnificent grillroom; rates are very rea-
sonable.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
GRAND auction sale; all horses, wagons, har-
ness, plows, scrapers and other material be-
longing to Greely & Son, contractors, with-
out reserve, Tuesday, September 15, II a. m.,
at stables. 7th, bet. Pt. Lobos and Clement.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
3 GOOD work horses for want of use. Apply
lumber yard. S.E. corner Alabama and
Montcalm streets.
FOR sale — Horses; 6 head work and driving;
all guaranteed. Cor. 2d and South Park.
FOR sale — Handsome trap: cheap. Box 1030,
Call office.
FINE horse, harness and buggy for sale. -cheap.
1435 Folsom St., horsebboeing shop.
£ GCOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. .V!2 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-239 Geary
st., on the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post Ft.
'lOST AKD FOUND. ~~~
STRAYED— Brown spaniel pup; 11 creeks old
(male). Finder please return to 114 Guerrero
Et. and receive reward.
LOST— Sept. 6. ladles' gold watch In Golden
<!ate Park. Reward if returned to N. NU-
MAIR. 614 ro»t street.
LOST— A blacS pointer, license 2036. Reward
iC returned to 2500 Clay street.
LOST— Lady's gold watch and pin: Initials C.
T. : reward. 116 Stockton st.. room H.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in ' the
name of ROSE THERESE PFITZER No.
258-187. The finder will please return to
Bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of JOHN J. ORMSBY; No. 30.321. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of CATHERINE DROWN. No. 22S-
1328. The finder will please return to Bank.
LOST — Lady's watch attached to black silk
cord with fob chain and gold ring; liberal
reward. S. P. CO.'S agent. Corbln station,
via West Berkeley
REWARD for return of dress suit case marked
J. A. K.. left at corner Page and Buchanaa
st*. Return to Dramatic Review office. 34
Geary st.
IRISH setter pup; little^ white front of neck:
license No. 3897. Liberal reward If returned
to 1610 Franklin st.; phone East 419.
LOST— Gold watch: initial W. T.; reward. 1259
O'Farrell at. [
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
cold and silver to make new watch cases.
EDUCATIONAL— -Continued.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
St., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpslc Conser-
vatory: lessons 75c and $1. 346 Golden Gate.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PAF.TINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Paint-
ings from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Butter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market. nr.lOtb.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. »« mo.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORG^A^KiT^21^Po7r^t7rtei7BuBh 135—
Japanese - Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshea best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 8732.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 »y O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1807. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
LJIPLOYME.>T WASTED KEMALK.
SITUATION wanted by a lady as a manicur-
ist in Turkish bath house, barber shop or
some large establishment. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st.
AN experienced infants* nurse with best of
references wants situation;' wages not less
than $30. Call or telephone Main 5472. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st., near Powell.
WANTED— By experienced ladles' nurse, take
full charge of baby from birth, wait upon in-
valid and help with light housework; best of
references. Call at 703 Devlsagero st.
YOUNG woman wants position to do housework
In small American family; adults preferred;
no window-washing. 1002' Powell St., near
Greenwich.
GOOD plain cook wishes place in small private
family; willing to help with baby. 322 Jes-
sie st., near Fourth.
X" PROTESTANT girl wishes a situaUon to
take care of children. Apply at 046 Mission
st. with references. 1
ELDERLY woman desires position as adult's
nurse; can cook; no washing. Please dall at
140 Seventh st., room B." '
A SCANDINAVIAN woman would like to have
a place as housekeeper; city or country. Call
at 2O.-1 Second st.
Al MILLINER will make over ladles' own ma.
terial or furnish material at reasonable
prices. Box 1728. Call office.
WANTED— By refined American girl, position
as second girl In small family; references.
Box 4150. Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED H.1LB.
FIRST CLASS coachman, Swedish, private fam-
ily, thorough horseman and driver, very best
city and personal ref. A. R., 832 Mission.
SALOON lunch cook wants position; would help
bar during day. Address box 1730. Call.
YOUNG man/ industrious and capable, experi-
enced stenographer, wishing to better him-
self, desires a position where there is oppor-
tunity for advancement; please state salary.
Box 1707. Call office.
A MARRIED man. with experience as cellar-
man, would like a situation in a whisky
house; will give further details In regards to
work on application. Box 1722, Call.
I AM a young man ot 18. just left art school,
and I want a situation where I can advance
myself: I am good with both pen and pencil.
AddresB J. ,D. BELL, 717 Golden Gate ave.
SITUATIONS wanted by 3 young colored men;
competent waiters for hotel or clubhouse
parties: with good references. Address C.
P.. 127 Second st.
EXPERIENCED baker's helper wants place
with hotel pastry cook. Address box 4162,
Call office. %
SITUATION wanted; a handy man around
machinery; can run stationary engines. Ad-
dress Handy Man. 323 First St., city. »
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation; city
or country; can do own repairs: reference
given. Box 4144, Call.
RELIABLE German, middle-aged, single, tem-
- perate, wants situation as watchman; ref-
erences, bonds. Box 1704. Call office.
EXPERIENCED Japanese desires to accom-
pany a gentleman as traveling valet to Ja-
pan and China; best written and personal
references. H. S.. box 1720, Call office.
JAPANESE, good schoolboy, wants situation
in nice family as waiter or cooking; under-
stands housework; spcakfe very well; has ref-
erence. 132t> Pine st. YAMASAKI.
A GOOD Japanese schoolboy wants-situation.
KOYANAGI. 1329 Pine st. i
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofttce. 2200 Fillmore.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., Geary
st., on the square.
VALENCIA, 1531— Beautiful upper flat: Mis-
sion warm belt; 6 large rooms and bath; 2
bay windows: sun all around; reasonable.
$7— FLAT; large yard. 726 '.^ Harrison St..
between Third and Fourth.
A SUNNY upper flat, 4 rooms, bath; rent $16.
1763 Hayes st., near park entrance.
HANDSOME flat S sunny rooms and bath,
basement, yard. 132 Castro st.. cor. 16th.
HERMAN. 45— Upper flat, i large rooms, bath
and cellar; rent 116.
AN elegant 6-room flat, nearly new; half block
front Market st. 3943 Seventeenth st.
SIXTH, 320 — 6 rooms, bath: sunny yard. ":
STOCKTON PL.. 22—4 flats, 4 rooins and
baths; $20 each. -
TO let — Flat of four rooms; 1897 O'FarrelL.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post St. .
UPPER flat to let: 4 rooms and bath: rent $1S;
water free. 336% Tehama st.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
NEWLY furnished upper sunny flat 6 rooms
and bath: rent $27. CARAY. 1308 Call bide.
FLATS FOU 3AL12. ¦ "
A BARGAIN— €4250; CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
LOT 28x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEE
owner orr premisss. .
ytivMTUKlfl FOK SALE.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for housekeeping for
pale; f.Vi. ;i« Fern ave.
FOR sale — 5-room flat, comfortably furnished;
rent 5"3; water. 753 Valencia ft.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL. j
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco
Csll. ccmer Market a«d Third streets; open |
until 12 o'clock every nisht in the year. j
BRANCH OFFICES— fi27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
. 3'K) Hayes street; open ur.tll 9:50 P. to.
*•» McAUleur rtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
fttt L«rk:n strtft; open until 9:30 p. m.
l:Ml V.U-ion street; open until 10 p. m.
2^1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
cmtl 9 p. m.
io« Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
10H6 Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
c;*n until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky «reeW: open until 9 p. m.
22tX> Fil!more street; open until 9 p. m.
CUl'UCH MillVTCES- j
nnv E. A. ROSS at Pcniel Hall. Pine and
*Ke->-nv Sept. G-2O. both Inclusive, at 8 p. m.
M V* Third ft. dally at 11 :S'> a. m.; Sunday*.
:¦':*• s-. m.
MEETISCi .NOTICES.
t'\LIFORNIA Chapter No. I. R. A. M., »
ulli meet THIS < TUESDAY) EVEN- W
ISSti, September S. at 7:30 o'clock. M. /^f\
M di-eve*\ Hy order of the H. 1\
FRANKLIN H. PAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN G»te Lodge No. SO. F. and A. »
itf — Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) W
KVENING at 7:.»t» o'clock. Second /V\
d-rrce. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
OmCMAL. Ixjdge No. 144. F. and A. 83
¦M._p,rt.l ceptee THIS iTUESDA\)Vy
EVENING at 7:."<0 o'clock. /V\
A. S 5 . Hl'BBARD. Secretary^ .
} EZtBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, ..>_jKkjifc,
! ..1 <i I —Officer* ar-i mtrn -"^g?^K?!fvi:
>-r< me !.•-:-*•!> ti. ::::•:<] to a-« - -r^P^S^r •
-emble at Old Fellows' Cetn- '^•**V- n j
et«j-y TUESDAY September S. 1O<X>. at -:3O
I m to attend the funeral cf our late j
tiuther, JOHN H. MOORE. . j
FRANK K.RULL, N. G.
CHAS. A. WISEWELL, Rec. Sec.
i;OLl»n.\ Vest Ixjdge No 264. A. O. ,.-¦<«;,
C. VV. — OffK-ers and members andj>j>>^ :
funeral committee are notified to at- fep£r?> :
tend the lunera'.A: our late brother, v ** v I
JAMES H. LYXiNS. on WEDNESDAY j
MOKX1XG, frcm 7V7 Mission et.. at 8:30 '
o'clock. !
THOMAS CUMMINS. Master Workman.
C. A. SHEA. Recorder.
oKEAT fvrotch (ratherloe — Clan »43x
r rater '* picnic at Sehuetien Park t_M
M¦.V!^^^'^ DAT, Sept. 9. This -V*ifni
¦n HI be the outdoor event of
the wa?on; ntw, novel and _FV!r !
*.rriu*intf event*, including foot- *^ j |
• •all end Tvalkms matche*, etc.; Uant...ir '
JiJI d£y in tlie larrect pavilion on the Pa- !
< ifit Coast. Tickets. Including R. R. fare, 1
UK: children. 25c. Tickfts for eale at the I
ferry on the- morning cf the 9th. Every 1
membrr of Clan Fraser will be expected to j
a«temble in their moot-rooms. 32 O'Farrell
st. at fe:45 o'clock sharp on the morning
of "the Sth. WILLIAM CORMACK. Chief.
A. KING. Secretary.
THE annual meeting cf the stockholders cf
she DAIRYMEN'S UNION OF CALIFOR-
NIA will \j>t held at the otflce of the corpor-
aticn. 124-126-12s Davis street, on MONDAY.
September 14. 1903. at 1 o'clock p. m.. for
tn» purj 1 "** of electing a. board of directors
fcr the ensutns year and the transaction of
»tirh other business as msy come before the
meeting. F. V. NELSON, Secretary.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS Or
THE SECURITY SAVINGS BAXK—
Notice IE hereby given. In pursuance
cf a resolution of the Board of
Directors of the Security bavicg? Bank, a
• crp oration organised and existing under the
laws cf the state of California, passed and
adepted on Tuesday, the 14th day of July.
1303. at a regular meeting of said Board, duly
held at Number 222 Montgomery street, in tte
Oty and County of San Francisco, in the
State cf California, the same being the prin-
cipal place of business of eaid corporation,
the Security Savings Bank, and at' the build-
ir.g where the Beard of Directors of *ald
corporation usually meet, that a meeting of
the stockholders of said corporation, the
Security Savings Bank, is hereby called for,
and will be held at Number 222 Montgomery
etreet, in raid City and County of San Fran-
clcco, the same being the principal place ot
ruslr.e&s cf raid corporation, and being at
the building where the Beard cf Directors of
fe id corporation usually meet, oa Wednesday,
the 23rd day of September. 1903. at the hour
cf three o'clock in the afternoon of said day.
fcr the purpoee of considering, deciding and
ecting upon the preposition to increase the
capital stock of said corporation, the Security
Savings Back, and to increase it to the
¦zsount of One Million Dollars. The amount
to which it is proposed to increase the said
tapltaJ stock ic One Million Dollars. By
«-rtJer of the Board of Directors. Dated. July
14th. 1903. FRED "W. RAT,
Secretary of the Security Savings Bank.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE Quarterly Meeting
Notice — The quarterly mating of the mem-
bers of the Mechanics' Institute will be held
*n the Mechanics' Institute Library building,
"1 Pert «.. Szn Francisco, on SATURDAY.
Sept. 6. 1903 at 8 p. m. Reports of officers
"III be read and amendments to the constitu-
tion will be oonsidered.
JAMES G. PPAULDIXG. Rec. Sec.
AGK.V1S WANTED.
AGENTS — A new jnoney-m»ker. F. PERSON, i
477 and 478 Parrott building.
ATTOIl.NEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE ESTABLISHED 22 TEARS!
Divorce* a specialty. Private. Culck.
NO PAT UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW,
1122 Market Et.. offices 1, 2, 3. 4 and 5.
BE W A RE OF FRA CDS.
Any one can advertise, but unless the adver-
tisement tays "Attorney at Law" the party
ad\ertlsing is not a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rm. £5. &16 Market: tel. Red 61S: bad ten-
ante ejected rpcedlly and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments; corporations
organized; civil and criminal practice.
ROBT. W. KINO, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. £11; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.:
free; no advance charges; call or write; even,
ing* by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AD\ ICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cas«F. divorces, probate and all other law
cases: no fees In advance; open every even-
lr.g. J. M. THURSTON. Sl» Market St.. r. 31.
U B. CLARK. Emma Sprjckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket *t. : consultation fr^; no fees in advance.
AJTKEN & AITKEN attorneys, rs 309-10-11.
Ounie Mijr.. 503 California st.; tel. Main 727. j
ADVICE free; all races; cpen evenings. M.
L. RYAN*. S5O Market st... cor. Stockton.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talking parrots.fS each;G*rman singing
unariet, |2; we will try to please you; everj'.
inlng '.n our Iin» at right prices. 1546 Market.
. DtSINESS CMAACKS.
A SNAP— Muet b* told, at once; sixty-room
comer loiging-houF*. right down in heart of
the city; only opened about fix months and
everything n»n and modern; mill be sold for
I*»-s than cost. Apply in a. hurry to room '
1404. Call building. Third and Market «ts.
TO LEASE. "~
On Mason Ft., adjoining the "Poodle Dog."
a fine modern rooming-house of 105 rooms
trader construction, but almost finished- 50
tingle rooms and 55 bath*: great location;
tefcsonable rent; a mrc money winner If run
«jn t!i~ rerht plan. Speck & Co.. 667 Market.
FOn J^/.Ln— Furniture, carpets and good will
of a n«w brick apartment-house of 175 rooms
in the city's rwellest locality; partly fumlshl
'¦d end although Just opened. Is over half
filled with regular tenants already- long
!»>•**: if y>u want an apartment-notice don't
• fail to m particulars of this at rooms
1404-CS. Call building.
NEW HOTEL FOU SALE.
Brand new brick hotel 100 rooms, magnlfl-
««-ntlj > furnished, with the best grade of fur-
niture Rnd carpets; located in the heart of
rtie hii-h-grade rvrlfonne hotel #>.-.timi O n a
< crner and cjuippod with every modern ho-
tel convenience, euch as electric lights, elec-
tric «-lev*icr. steam heat, phones in 'every
loom, blliiard-room. grillroom, etc.; long
I'-***. Apply rooms 1404-05. Call building.
S12.**iO — \i ACTIVE Interest In downtown mer-
cantile business; established for years; en-
larging premises and stock ; parties writing
Tcr Interview must be able to prove business
aMlIty end integrity; this f* a splendid op-
portunity for live man with capital: bank
reference*' exchanged. Box 4151. Call.
LIQUOR Btope; fine stock of wines, liquors and
clears: no opposition: living rooms; must be
fold: price. S22UO. N. E. corner Halght and
Pierre.
FOR BALE— Nest restaurant. 3 living rooms,
cash register. $350; only those meaning busi-
ness need answer. Box 2494. Call office.
UAKERT: fine location in Rio VI* La: rood
baker will do well. Address DAN Me-
GRAUGH. Rio Vista. Cal. \
FOR eale or rent— Fully equipped, modern,
paying hospital in Southern California city.
Address P. O. box 457. San Bernardino."
FOR SALE — Fa loon and garden: 3 years' lease.
117 City Hall ave.. r>. ar Larkin st.
SALOON t»ith 4 rooms; good- place. Inquire
S1EBK BftOS. & PLAGEMANN.
BOARDING-HOUSE: o rooms all filled; good
business. 1031 McAllister st.
FOR EALE — An Inside route on this paper.
¦ for particulars apply at office.
BUSINESS CHAXCES — Continued.
RESTAURANT on Fourth st ?400
Restaurant; fine transient trade .1250
Restaurant and bakery *0°
«:igar Ktoree. 7. from $1CO to 800
General merchandise stcre in country. .6CMX>
Stationery and notion store , 350
Stationery and variety store: a bargain. :?50
Notion store and branch bakery 550
Partner In soda work?, country 800
For good, reliable business birralna see
WILFORD &. IIAnKlSON. 3 Taylor st.
A baksiv; d«>:icacr: all store trade; $25 a day:
price $1*00; no agents. 71R McAllister st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOU SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men: rent $140 $4000
38 rooms; south of Market; rent $100.. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms: good Income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease.. 650
120 rooms, good lease; low rent 6500
57 rms.; apai tments ; Western Add. ;rent 250
Monty loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotel? rcadhouses. flats. 6 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny st.
A— PETERSEX &. LABSKN. 1035 Market St..
offer select bargains in office and sunny
room buildings ot «2 and 50 rooms with leato.
FOR sale — 8 rooms: nicely furnished and clean;
p'.ano included; rent reasonable. 5M: Polk ft.
fARPET BI3 AT IXG AXU CLEAMXU.
AIR, compressed, dry, ice cola, is now univer-
sally used in banitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 5237.
WI-fEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor. .J2» Guerrero et.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard;£outh 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St. ;
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrlsjn St.; tel.Mission 203.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
«T33 Golden Gate ave. : telephone Eatt 126.
CHIROPODISTS. _^_
D"NLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailments of 'he feet cured: corns, buplons.etc.
" ~~ SIMItlTUALISai.
ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the fa-
mous psychic: stamp for circular. 1112 Eddy
«t.. near Octavia.
A— ETHEL ORINDLE. materializing seance.
Wed.. Frl. and Sun. eves.. 50c. Irl3 Pott st.
Mrs Elizabeth Holmes, trance medium. 517
McAllister St.; read, dally; circle to-night.
W~G~KEEGAN holds "attest seance every
night except Sat.. 10c; slt.lOto 5.148 6th.
MUS EBERHAKDT'S spiritual test meeting, 8
y. m. sharp. 10c. 3250 22d; readings dally.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night, 10c. 619 McAllister: come, skeptics.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening.
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrison Et.. cor. Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant,
business medium and Ufe reader. 416 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ATTENTION— $1^ $1 $1 $1 $1
My regular $3 readings this week for
$1-, $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
\ PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for; I
promise to teil you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart !s true or false; I teli you
whom and when you will marry; In fact, I
will tell you even" hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; 1 improve
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible development In mental vig-
or, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth, so you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hr's — 10 a. in. to 8 p.
m. : Sunday, 2 to 8. 326 — O'Farrell st. — 326.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third et.. nest Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuahle advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ing* by mail. Tel. Black 45C9.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.: readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postoffice,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered lettsr.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladies. 5Oc; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; ?1 50. 126 Turk et.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant. :
I card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a bhort time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grov«.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.:
has second slxht; a wonderful prophetess;
gives names; L. 50c: G. $1; H questions by
mai!.$2;hrs. 10 to 9. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
LATEST arrival; Mme. La Mar. who predicted
the Galveston disaster: card reading and
palmistry: 1. 25c. k. 50c: hours 11 a. m. to 9
p. m. Call 1212 Mission st.. bet. Kh and 9th.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, .business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th Et. near Market.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c;
gents 50c. 051 Mission St., nr. Cth; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In cfty.
264 Kearny. room TO; ladles 25c. gents 50c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladies
25c: gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. L. EHRHORN. clairvoyant and palmts-
try; sittings dally, 25c. 631 Linden ave.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tings dally. 44SH Jeygle gy. bet, f.th and 6th.
COLLECTION OFFICES^ ~
BANGHART & WETER.
. . Collectors.
No. 1170 Market Et. t Room 37.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
DE.VTISTS.
DrTlUDLCM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; tefth
from $8 per set; extracting, 5Oc; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings, 5Oc;
plates, $5; full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, ¥1 50 up: crowns, $2 up: fllllng»,25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain ; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
New York Dentists. 060 Mlrsion St.. cor. tfth.
DRESSMAKERS A.\D SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaklns and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button ti buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYISIXC AND CLEA.MSG.
EEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory, Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest in the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day and evening class; beautl-
ful new catalogue free. 1205 Market, cor. 9th.
HEALD'b BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping:, shorthand, touch typing.
languages, telegraphy. English branches;
day and night sessions; lllus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Buslnees College.~"l236"Mai>
kef, modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough echool"; positions secured for
• graduates; modern methods; individual In-
Btruction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough echool of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk et
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlcity.24 Post
at., g. F.: a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mln.. mech.. Bur-
• vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 1S*>4. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness ajid Gol-
dtn Gate aves., S. F.; fills every reauirement
FURMTURB WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, re'pairs. packs furniture, carpets.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkln 363L 634 Ellis.
HELP WASTED—FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN" & CO.'S, EMPLOYMENT
, AGENTS.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
15 waitresses first-class hotei, Los Angeles,
free fare ..." v $25
. Chambermaid hotel near city V $20
Chambermaid" hotel, south, fare paid... $20
Head waitress, near city $3u
Head waitress, commercial hotel, fare paid.
.....: ;.:..... ......$30
Waitress, north fare paid ..! $25
Waitresses, city ....-..$20. $27 60
Dinner waitress $10
5 waitresses, to book for new hotel, city.. $30
i Chambermaids to wait, city and country .
..$20. $25
Mangle girl restaurant, city $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Working housekeeper, city. $25; cook and
second. Santa Cruz, fare paid, $25. $20;
cooks second girls, nursegtrls, others. $15,
$30; 2 chambermaids, same hotel, north, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
WANTED— Cook for home Institution, $40;
pastry cook. $50; cook. San Mateo, no wash,
*$35, see lady office to-day: 14 cooks, city,
$3O_ $35; 2 parlormaids. $30; 4 second girls,
$20. $25; 2 nursegirls, $15, $25; 2 maids and
seamstresses. $25; French second girl, $25;
5 waitresses .for city and country hotels;
housework. Martinez, $35; Suisun, $25; Va-
cavllle, $30; under nurse. $20; cook, small
hotel, $30; chambermaid, same place. $20;
cook and second girl, same house. $30, $25;
North German nurse. $25. and others, places
too many to advertise. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter_s»._
A— NURSE for child of 3 years. $35, one who
has not cared for children need apply; a
cook for small sanitarium, wages $40; a
cook for small German family. $35; a nurse
for Sausalito $20; a waitress for boarding-
house in city. $25. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter St., near Powell.
A— SECOND girl. ?25: laundress. $30; a num-
ber of cooks. $30. $.'!5 and $40; housekeeper,
$20; chambermaid $20; waitress. $25; house-
girl San Rafael, $25 to $30. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Suttcr st !
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering cow; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
"West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches balrdresstng
trade; manicuring, massage etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve. class; call.
A — GIrle to learn millinery now for fall season;'
both seasons taught frcm start to finish in ons
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton at., r. 13.
YOUNG woman, wilting to learn, and satisfied
with $40 per month to commence, is offered
permanent position with good prospects for
rapid advancement. Box 1731. Call office.
YOUNG woman to take care of housekeeping
suite and cook for Invalid lady, wages $20.
Ar-ply after 10 a. m. 725 O'Farrell St., R. 27.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands wanted at 1666
O'Farrell st.
GIRL for Jight housework, help in store, sleep
home. Apply store 613 Postystreet.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for veiling
department. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market.
IRONERS and machine hands wanted at Na-
tional' Laundry, 411 Sanchez st.
GIFIL to assist in light housework; wages $15.
423 Larkin st.
GIRL for cooking and light housework; wages
$25. 1214 Eddy St.
LUNCH waitress. 515 Valencia street.
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 478 Parrott building.
GIRL to do general housework and cooking; no
washing or window cleaning; wages $25. 1
Scott st.
WANTED — A girl for cooking and some house-
ivork. 2409 Washington st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S
y FACTORIES, 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
FIRST-CLASS candy packer wanted; good
wages: call Tuesday morning. B. J. BAUM
1U4 Howard st. . '
A FIRST-CLASS German or Swedish cook:
references. Call 2080 Pacific ave.. from 12
to 3 p. m. *
GIRL for general housework: French or Swiss
preferred; good wages; small family. Call
1524 Vallejo at.: car fare.
GIRLS — About 15, for factory work: good
wages; apply at once. AMES & HARRIS.
ICO Sacramento st.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls'. Directory Central
ave. and Waller st. :
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also learn-
ers. G. W. REYNOLDS CO.. 597 Mission st.
IMMEDIATELY; experienced Dus'lness woman.
Box 4159, Call. -
WANTED — Finishers and Quick sewers. Ap-
ply N. SIMINQFF. 122.S Market at.
COMPETENT cook for institution. 2344 Sut-
ter St.
WANTED— 2 ladles to travel with RlngltngV
show; must be stout. Box 24.50. Call.
LADY 'agents on salary. Call » to ». ofnee 3a.
Columbian building. 918 Market at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100t>
Valencia st. ¦ . •- 1 ,
BAKER, country'* shop, $13 week and found,
fare paid; 2 waiters and wives, $40 and $1'.
and tunnel: 2 boarding-house, $40 and $50 and
found: 2 hotel cooks, country. $40 and $60
and found; cook and wife, private family,
$50 to $M> and found; waiter, country hotel,
$30 and found, fare advanced: restaurant
third took, *50, and other restaurant andlio-
tel help. J. F. CRCSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
n<ento et. \ »-• "
MAN abi.ut plac«>. $35 and found: 2 farmers
and wives. $40 and found: assistant garden: 1,
$20 and found; milker. $35 and found; buys
for store. $« to $7 SO week; furnace' man,
$67 W) month; blacksmith, $3 day; old man
to care for place; 2 young men for club, $2.">
and found; laborers for mill and woods. »10
and found, fare paid; miners; woodchoppere;
laborers for mines anJ quarries: quarrymen
an«l >nany others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
<KS Sacrami-nto st. • '.>-¦.»
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Elevator and bell boys. $15; waiters. $30.
WANTED—A man for ranch work; $50. Ap-
ply to MRS NORTON, • .113 Sutter st.
BARBER — Young man with few months' cxpe.-
rlt- nee to finish trade. 1546 Park ¦ ot. Ala-
meda. < . ' ' - "
HELP WANTED— -MALE — Con.
MURRAY & READY.
PHONE MAIN 6*18. 634 and 636 Clay st.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT and Labor Agts.
Office half block long; 14 clerks "employed;
by our own printing plant we publish a
"FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing every
position segregated under departments, ready
. for distribution 7 a. m.; also noon and even-
ing editions. GET ONE FREE. GERMAN,
ITALIAN. FRENCH SPANISH PORTU-
GUESE. GREEK SPOKEN.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between Man and
Man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME
1902 WE GAVE 19O3 WE'LL GIVE
45.000 MEN WORK. 00,000 MEN WORK.
TO-DAY WE SHIP FREE TO
NEVADA. • ARIZONA.
OREGON. LOS ANGELES.
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. WILLITS, URIAH,
AND ALL POINTS S. P. and Santa Fe.
NORTH. EAST and SOUTH.
RAILROAD HELP of every description, in-
cluding drillers, hammer and corner men,
muckers, laborers, teamsters blacksmiths,
cooks and waiters, $5, $4 $3 $2 day.
MURRAY & READY. 6S4-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS— FREE FARE
Millwrights. Carpenters' helpers.
8 carpenters, northeast, free fare. $90
3 carpenters. Northern California, free "fare,
4 carpenters, southeast, free fare $90
7 carpenters' helpers, north, free fare, $60.
6 carpenters, private work. 60c fare $90.
4 carpenters, large winery, fare $3,' $40 fd.
4 carpenters, lumber company, plain work,
fare $2 00. $75.
Carpenter, ranch. 30c fare $40 and found.
6 carpenters, housework fare $1 35, $3 50.
16 carpenters, big lumber company north,
boss here.
H«^ a f pentvs - bulld lar S e K° ld dredgers.
$S2 50 and found.
SPECIAL.
15 • carpenters, e helpers, big water power,
south, $90 and $67 50.
Foreman grain ranch, fare $1. boss here $50
and found.
» ENGINEER.
Donkey engine, free fare, boss here, $3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st."
comeT "
363 laborers, teamsters, city and country jobs,
$2, $2 50 and ?3 day. All classes of work.
Come, see.
155 Italians, $2 25 day.
. You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers, free fare, 14 miles away. $42 and
found.
155 coal miners, free fate, $3 to $5 day.
165 laborers, teamsters. Wlllits, Uklan, free
fare. $67 50. ~
Do You Know — Free Fare —
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
. 186 teamsters and as men, $75.
107 laborers and drillers, $75.
155 track layers, ballast track, $67 50.
Cost you only $1; no discount; steady job.
MINES. QUARRIES, TUNNELS.
153 laborers, you'll suit, $60, $75 found.
i»i miners and timbermen, $90 found.
156 quarrymen, aleo drillers, $82 to $90.
fl6 carmen, furnace men, $75.
STABLES. FARMS, DAIRIES. HARVEST.
196 farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to $45
found.
38 milkers, butter-makers, $30, $35. $40 fd.
156 harvest hands, hay balers, $2 50. $3 day.
68 choremen, coachmen, gardeners, $30 to $50
and found.
16 stablemen, city and country, $30 to $45 fd.
86 men for brick yards, $35 to $80 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines.
- mills, $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
WHERE THEY ARE?
86 lumber trusts and syndicates.
I Located in Four States,
Managers here. Two Territories.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
095 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $70
and found.
1SS experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.
3SS woodchoppcrs, $40 to $150 found. .
38G woodchoppers, tiemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L . MURRAY & READY,
TRUSTS. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS— BIG PAY. *
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc., $70, $60, $50, $40. $30 found:
very few men to cook for; no women there.
4 cooks for different mines, $70, $tio, $50, $40
and found.
•4« cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc., $70 to $40 and found.
WAITERS.
82 waiters, different places, including cafes,
grills, $45 to $30 and found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions, $15 to $30 and found.
6 porters and bedmakers. city and country
positions, $45 to $20 and found.
Mi dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of
California. $40 to ?25 and found.
18 boys to learn trades and work In fac-
tories. $6 to $12 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD MINE.
15 laborers, no experience wanted, $67 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-B.i(i Clay st.
ITALIANS— FREE FARE— ITALIANS.
,- 3« laborers. Humboldt County lumber com-
* pany: manager at our office; $35 to $50 & fd.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
ARE YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
OR TO-MORROW? 295 men wanted: anybody
can do the work; a man or a boy who can eat
fruit can pick fruit.
$1 FEE. $1 FARE.
FRUIT ?.">7 50 found. FRUIT
PICKING 530 found. -PICKING
TO-DAV. $34 found. TO-DAY.
Some to work about packing and dry houses;
you can have a good vacation. Go, come back
with $00 to $120. We ship NORTH, EAST,
SOUTH: also many to the great wineries.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
SPECIAL —BY— 'TELEGRAPH
MIDNIGHT —BY— PHONE & LETTEK
1« ranch teamsters, different jobs, $32 to $40
and TUOLUMNE COUNTY— FARE PAID.'
o0 laborers, first-class lumber company, $60.
ARIZONA— TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT— FARE PAID.
32 laborers, big, good lumber company, $60
t0 EL DORADO COUNTY— FARE PAID.
16 more laborers, big lumber tryst, $42 fd.
RESERVOIR WORK.
25 laborers and teamsters, fare $1 50; $67 50.
¦**¦ FREK FARE.
::r> carpenters, all plain work, only few tools,
$00.
IM laborers or carpenters' helpers, no tools,
* W «S TRACK MEN. NEW WORI*. $67 50.
2 tank coopers, winery. $3 SO day.
r> young men, distribute bills, $1 25, $1 50
10 men for 'dry yards packing houses, north,
.">0 and found.
20 lumber pliers, Santa Cruz County, $C0.
(3 laborers, surface work, gold mine, , south-
° aS 'toVrESNO MOUNTAINS — FREE.
°r> laborer?, mills and woods, $40 to $SO fd.
12 laborers Santa Fe. free fare, $67 50.
12 laborers. 9 hours' Job, free fare. $67 50.
2 men run bean cutters, fare $t, $37 .V> fd.
0 men pitch beans thrapher, fare $1, $60 fd.
Man and wife as cook and bedmaker, fare
$3. $00 and found.
Tallyman and lumber grader. $3 a day.
HALF FARE TO CHICO.
165 laborers, teamsters, axmen, $75.
NORTH. EAST. SOUTH— FREE.
2555 railroad laborers, teamsters.
SANTA FE R. R.— FREE.
55 laborers, teamsters, etc.. $2 50. $2 25 day.
randy-maker, Monterey County, $12 week,
nest Prices. MURRAY & READY.
BiRgebt Wages. 634-C36 Clay «t.
FREK TO HUMBOLDT TO-DAY FREE
KO laborers, big lumber company. $35 founa.
.'! waiters, mine, north, $30 and found.
Furnace man, $67 50; brick temperer. $2 30
day.
FACTORT — 30o FARE.
12 laborers, lioard yourselves. $67 50.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO-DAY.
3563 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.-
? COME, SEE.
MURRAY. & READY. 6S4-636 Clay st.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 39;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-o'-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our ie*>
and possessions, and at naval stations in the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal.: 222ft N. Main
St.. Los Angeles. Cpl.. and 401 K St.. Sacra-
mento"; Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
reiuired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free.'. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 gay St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprietor, has
added" 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 7OO rooms, 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
BOY wanted for grocery business. 1425 Octa-
vla s^ ..¦¦•¦.• .
ERRAND boys wanted. MARKS BROS.. 1220
Market st. ,
" MEDICAL.
MKS. DR. WYETil. specialist for all f«mai»
complaints; in*tant relief guaranteed; M
years' experience; removed to *CU Post st.
MKS. DR KOHL, reliable specialist ror atl f»-
rnale troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lCCS^ Market »t.. opp- "th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best rogulatinff pilis
sold; price $1' .">0 by express. Pasteur's
•yringe and tablets; price Vi CO. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh ana
Broadway. Oakland.
Dr7 G. W. O'DONNKLL— All who are sick of
In trouble consult this specialist on femai*
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases trea:*
ed: sdvice free. Office. 1018 Market St.
Dm. Goodwin, 7~J Turk. nr. Van N'en — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief;
treat.nent $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yrs. .-.x^cr.
MKS. D. ALLEN. llf^.Market— Keliao:* lid.w'
specialist: a private home before and duriag
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
liK. ROtSEN moved to 2983 Folsom st. cor.
2tith: relief S1O; ladles' exclustve ofrtc?.
UH. and MKS. DAV1KS and HINDOO |IKK8#:
original method of treatment. 1126 Market si
DR. NO TOY KEE. 310 Powell st.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MILL1.VKK.Y.
Ladies' imported & tailored hats Just In; call:
prices low to start them going: frames mads
to fit the face. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post st.
ailSCKLLAXKOl'S-— FOR aA *»B.
DOES TOUR ROOK LEAK?
Repair it with elatertte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; gosd over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for Lew roofs.
ELATKKITE P.OOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumps.
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
II. 8. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-133 Beale st.
A— Fine suits, $7 50; dress pants. *2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit ClothinK Parlors. SiS Kearny st..
naar Bush: open to 0 P. na. Sunday to noon.
A — ?3 5O DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine: open till 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulieys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
NEWSPAPER route for sale: line chance fo*
the right man. Address N". A. LARS EN',
1715 Pacific ave.. Alaraed^u
TRY our men's shoes at %l and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; w« pay express
charges. 11 3d «t.. Exam, bid. ; catalog free
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McLN-
TOSH A; hOLPMAN, 193-1»7 Fremont st.
A COLLECTION — 70 Indian baskets. bead
work. etc. Bex 171S. Call office.
A FINE 4% -carat perfect white diamond at •
bargain. 10 Sixth st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HEB«
MANN SAFE CO.. 317-423 Sacramento st.
A JULES JURGENSEN 3-minuta lepeatia*
watch; very reasonable. 10 Sixth it.
PAIR 3-karat diamond earrings at a. bargain.
10 Sixth st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post'st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
OENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and sons slides. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market St.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs.hammocks,
metal beds.mattresses.J.F.Hotter,7i^ Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. B33 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles arrt launches.
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
' ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; n'.l
makes. ALEXANDER ft CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WA5TS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Je3Sie 2851.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: s»nd postal.
25 Stewktop st. : phane Bush 4S4.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
eoi-eOS-eOS Examiner bui:d!«*.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, ricond mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, aj:
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S+«l
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 13 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bids.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or planotro removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st., r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant av*,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 708 Market: phone Main S16.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan Bldg.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J." HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY leaned to salaried employes. O. VT.
MILLER, room 74. fifth Roor. Chronicle bid*.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
I ALL loans on diamonds and lewelry 2 per cent
mo S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kiarny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money t«
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes wttboutt
Indorser. MORRELL. 6C0 Examiner bids.
CHEAPEST and teat in America— Ta»> Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th»
United States or Canada on» year for $1.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A — YOU will not have to pay for special sale
advertising on these bargains. Uprights:
Colltrd. $37; Sherman & Hyde. $117; FUsher..
$95; Singer, almost new, $163; 2 Stelnways.*
pood condition, large and small size. $165.
$325; Chickering. $85, $159; 3 Heine, second-
hand. $195; slightly used. $237. $395; 1 Hein*
baby grand. J725; Krell. slightly used, darlc
mahogany. $295. New bargains: Mason A
Hamlin upright, $285; Behr Bros., mahogany.
$247; Ccnover, $265. Piano players slightjy
used from $90 up. Pianos rented. $2 up.
apply on purchase. Installments, $t up.
Cash discount If paid in two years. HEINE-
PI ANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.: largest ex-
clusive ptano house of the West: agents tcr
the Gabler. Krell. Steger. Heine. Singer, etc.
A SMALL walnut Emerson uprtsat. absolutely
like new. 3135. 237 Oeary «t.
6TEINWAY upright. left ty private party.
$ie5: a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
A CHANCE tr. get a good piano for a small
sum and taen exchange for a better one by
and by Is what we offer you.
Our payments are easy and the quality os
the instrument* all rlxht. Some as low as
$50. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
7f& Market st.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered in Saa
Francisco to get a good reliable piano cnea?.
Before our removal we will sacrtnee any in-
strument for cash or Installmen-s. Call or
write for prices and terms at once. KOHLEJt
& CHASE. Established 1S50. 30 OFaxrelL
A FEW upright bargains Mom J7O up. corcprls-
Ina- «uch makes as Chickering. Jacobson.
Vose. Sterling. Knabe. Flecher, Scbwecaten.
Weter, Schurnan and others; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrcll «t.; n*
branches In San Francisco.
BAND instruments; F. Besson. Parts maker.
Gus Maiwald Agt. Pac. Coast. 273 O'FarreU:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments soid.
BARGAIN— Standard make upright; good coa-
dltlon. SCHM1TZ A CO.. It. McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 163S Markat.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway uprt&ht piano:
perfect order: sacrifice. Keefte's.285 O'FarreU.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
cent. . HORNUNO. 21«s McAllister st.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
8COTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes St.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy planes. Cecllian
player. BYRON MACZT. 3O8-3ir Post'st.
~ PERIOK vlvllos. zithers, old and Dew. hT
MTTLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latram ptace.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces. *«nt to any addr?** in th*
OFFICE!* AND STuilEit TO~LET. 1
VALENCIA, 147S — Large rtore; good for gro-
cery, bakery cr suitable for any business.
1'APEHHANCISG. PAINTIXC. ETcT"
BOOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, paint in*
Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 3d »t.;tel.Matn 41i
/ YOU *" s^*r 5/w^X
Men go to the Klondike and brave the fierce cold
And great hardships endure in their search after gold. .
But there's really no need to go so far away.
Since the gold can be found in this city each day.
Make your business well known, draw the folks to your store
By an ad in The Call, then you'll- grow more and more.
Test this plan for awhile, make your ads bright and terse
And we'll warrant you'll find 'twill put coin in your purse.Weather Report.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
'¦; .-;.;. WINS SKIRMISH MATCH
Team of Six Men. From Second Begi-
ment Makes Highest Score ...
' ' " •¦- at Sea Girt.
SEA GIRT, N. J., Sept. 7.-Wlth a score
much higher than that attained last year
the Second Reslment. District of-Colum
bia", to-day w.on the skirmish match, open
to teams" of six m6n each. The 'winning
score was 351, out of a poe^ible, 500,; the
team score of a year "ago being 2S0; "-v
The Second Regiment, District- of Co
lumbia, is now entitled to hold the trophy
permanently. The .programme for the day
was so crowded .with;- important events
that only one, the skirmish irratchr con
tinued from last Saturday, was concluded
out of the four matches, scheduled. . -
Benny Yanger . Coining^
Benny Yanger, ."the r.Tlpton'siasher;"
wh'o is matched fo; meet Eddie Hanloh'Ut
this city next month, -will /arrive here" to
night.- -Yanger will, train at Alike" Shee
han's Beach Tavern. His quarters have
already been selected and he will start
work on his arrival so that he will be in
the' best of condition .when he faces the
Bturdy California boy.'
Congressman's Daughter Elopes.
I .BRISTOL, r Tenn^, Sept. 1 7.— Miss Clbyet
ta Brownlow, daughter of Congressman
W. P. Brownlow of Jonesboro, Tenn.,
last night eloped with Mark E. Pritchett,
a' liveryman of Jonesboro, and they were
married at Bristol. The attentions of
Pritchett. to Miss Brownlow are said to
have been opposed by the Congressman.
The young lady was a favorite in •• Wash
ington society circles the past season.
MUNBOE DOES NOT WANT
TO FIGHT IN LOS ANQELES
Wiii Only Battle., in Some - Place
Where Theie Will Be a Good
- - .- Sized 'Ga-tev'
: NEW- TORK, Sept- 7.'^-"I 'don't iee: why
I should; fight Jeffries at : short "notice,"
said- Jack Munroe, the Butte miner, to
day, afterconsulting with Harry'Pollock.
"I will not have enough, time in which, .to
train properly and do myself Justice." -
"Jeffries insists on fighting in Los An
geles. There is no money there for a
tight When we battle I want -.it "In some
place where I there' will be a good-sized
gate, j The champion thinks he can do as
he pleases, with me, ; but j I'll show htm
that I have a say in the matter: : *
"I'm going to fight some of the other
fellows first I'll flght any of them. After
r.Uck a few of them I'll attend to Jeffries.
He rhay declare that ifl don't fight him
now he will ignore me. I don't think ho
will:'' .". I'm .ith'e.'/oriljr on© of the. heavy
weightaihe.haarj't beaten, andl can have
something tij say about the terms as well
as^he," ; ,-- : .- t : ,t ...... ¦¦_-.,-¦ .-¦
Victors Carry Off the Honors by, Nar-
AI.I.-AJIEIIICAN QPI.F. TEAM : !
-DEFEATS ENGLISH - PLAYEBS
row of One
",/ ¦*-:',Pbint; : v.'"- : V. ;
GLENCOVE, N. Y.; Sept;. 7.— Tbe All-
Amerlcan gQl* .'tearn, -picked Vfrom^.the
l^dingf in this ldte- ainat^Ur
championship, "defeated" the Qxfbrcl-Cain
bridge' golf era to-da^y : In a spirltea team
match on the links of the' NasaimtCouh
iryXlub/ ¦TheiAmerlcans wbh by thVnaj
row 'margin /. of one"!* bb'ln^ - " scoring;- five
points to four. Each game won* counted
one* ? poirit rfnd. nine men played onVeacri
team. The defeat ,1s. the .flrBt- that- the
Englishmen ¦¦ have . encountered 'in their
string of , . matches against American
teams.' The contest was thirty-six holes,
match play. - . • . ¦¦-
. The i American team was composed -of
Walter -J. Travis. P. 8. .Douglas. E. .M.
Byers. F. O. Reinhart, George T. Brokaw.
H.Egan, B. D. Smith, G. A. Ormiston
and L. H.Conklin. . . .. i, C; :; ' ;
(120th Meridian— PacVftc Time.) ,
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 7—5 p. m.
, THE COAST RECORD.
' ~~8 K s o ~i i
3 22 $1 *f || I
¦ - % 23 II M* Eo a
BTATIONa- | p jj 3 |§ |-|
• r* r* • • o"
• c c • • a
'. a ¦ • • I .
Baker ....... .20.08 50 44 SW Cloudy loo
Carson 29.80 7fl 40 N Clear .00
Eureka ......30.08 t!2 f2 NW Clear .VQ
Fresno.. 20.80 88 5S NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.72 C8 54 W Pt.Cldy .00
Independence .20.70 Si 5S SE Clear .00
Los Angeles... 20. 74 88 50 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.2!).!»6 62 51 NW Clear .00
North Head... 30. 10 00 54 NW Clear .18
Phoenix 29. 6S 06 72 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello ...,.29.82 CO C2' SW Pt.Cldy .02
Portland .....30.06 68 08 NW Cloudy .00
Point Reyes... 2». 94 52 52 N Foggy .00
Red Bluff 29.84 80 50 N Clear .00
Roseburg ...-.30.10 00 C2 S^V Cloudy • .0<)
Sacramento ..29.80 84 5<J NW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.82 . «6 48 NW Clear .00
San Francisco. 20. 90 72 64 W Clear .00
San L. Oblspo.29.«0 S8 00 N Clear .00
San Diego 29.70 74 (50 SW Clear .00
Seattle 30. 02 60 54 NE Pt.Cldy .08
Spokane 29.82 6« 48 SW Cloudy Tr
Tatoosh 30.04 60 64 W- Clear .00
Walla Walla.. 29. 90 08 52 N Cloudy .:{."»
Winnemucca .29.88 (18 40 NW Clear '.00
Yuma 29.ee 100 80 SE Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Warmer weather, has prevailed over the coast'.
Except In Oregon and Washington no rain has
fallen. High winds are blowing In Idaho arid
Utah. A thunderstorm Is reported atAVaila
Walla. In the great valley of California the
temperatures- are "about normal arid favorable
for ripening and curing fruit. '
Forecast made at San Francisco ¦ for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 8:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; continued
warm, weather; light north winds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday, with fog
In morning; continued warm; light west winds
Nevada — Fair Tuesday; warmer.
San Francleco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday
warmer; light north winds, changing to west
erly. A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts 31
000, including 1200 Texans. 6000 Westerns 7
I ??% r i k r l tO i r bCSt 8te * dy : bulk ot sales
1 G@l. r >c lower; good to prime steers
$5.40«i6.C. r i; poor to medium, $465.25; stockers
and feeders. ?2.50@4.20;- cows. $1.5004 60;
, heifers $2@ 5: cannera. $1.50<g2.<30; bulls, fl4
4.50; calves $3.50<gt!.73; Texas Ted steers, $3.25
@4.<0; Western steers, $-l.2o®A.60.
HOGS— Receipts, 31,0Cfl; estimated to-inor
row, is.000; average steady; mixed and butch
ers. $r>.35@C.10; good to choice heavy, $5.CC®
5.00; rough heavy. $5.10#5.&5; light $5 00%
C.20; bulk of sales, $oAr>Q5. 75. lo.wy
SHEEP— Receipts, 30.000; sheep and lambs
steady to lower; good to choice^wethers, S3.2M
J.<5; fair to choice mixed, ?5.25@3: Western
sheep, $3.25@3.50; native lambs, *3.75g5.85-
Western lambs, ?3.75@5.25. - IU «"-° O>
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. '
Tons for mor.-y.. 89% N Y Central... .126
Ions for account. 90 Norfolk A West. t3i%
Anaconda 4V t Nor &¦ West pfd. 01^5
Atchlson COfa Ontario & West.- 2i%
Atchlson pfd ..... 04Uj i'cnnsylvania MK
J?:ilt & t>l.H !«j Rand Mines 10*
ranadlan I'acilic.IXs^ ReatTing . J8'i
Thes & Ohio..... Si% Reading 1st pfd.. 4O'Z
• 'heo Gr Western.- 17% Kending id pfd.. S3S
Chgo. M & St P.147Vi 4 Southern Ry. ... :.24
J)e Beers ........ 20? A Southern Ry pfd. 87
Denver & Rio Gr. 26ft Poutfrern Pacific. 17»i
I) & R G pfd.... SOVi Unicri Paclflo .... 7!>
Krie 31% Union Pacific pfd. S9
Erie 1st pfd...... <Vj>,3 U S Steel.. 2tW
: Erie 2d pfd.. 5.1 XJ S Steel pfd..- 73»f
Illinois Central. ,.137<>s Wabash \... 22
Loulsvl & Nash.. 110 Wabash pfd 36 VI
Mo, Kans & Tex. 21 -., .^ i :. ..... .,
Bar sliver, steady, 20 5-16d per - ounce.
Money, !%©!% per cent. The' rate of dis
count In the open market for short bills Is
3 5-lU(fo 7-16d per cent, and for three months'
bills •¦»7ifc 1 3>4 per cent-. ••
Jones' Triple Saves Chicago From a
Shutout In the Morning
Contest.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 7.— Cincinnati brok«
even with St. Louis to-day In the double-head
er. Poole was very effective In the first game.
but errors gave St. Louis the game. Dunleavy
| was hit hard in the second same and Cincin
nati won easily. Attendance, 10,000. Scores:
' First game — ¦ It. H. E.
Cincinnati 1 8 2
St. Louis ...... 2. ..& 1
' Batteries — Poole and Peltx; Brown and
O'NeiU. •
. . -Second game — „. ._. _Rv. H. E.
Cincinnati .7- 12 0
St. Louis .........;.i......^ 3 .10 -3
¦ Batteries — Ewing and Peit»; Dunleavy and
O'Neill. Umpire— Emalle. « -:-.
NEW YORK. 'Sept. '¦ 7:4- After losing the first
game on thefr own grounds to the New York
team th« , Brooklyn players went' over .to the-
Polo Grounds, and shut out . McGraw's men.
McGlnnlty . and Schmidt, were the opposing
pitchers, and the former held the visitors to
one hit in' eight Innings. Attendance, 23.G23.
Score: . ¦
Second game— - " : -'"- -- R. H. - E.
New York ......-.; 0,4. 2
Brooklyn 8 4 1
Battertes — McGlnnhy and ' Bresnanao;-
Schmidt, and Bitter. Umplrer-Hurst.' •• •
Errors .were oltntlful on bbtb,:»lde» In the
morning game, but very stupid work by Doyle,
Garvln and Dahlen gave the visitors the "win
ning-tallies In the- eighth Inning. Sheckard's
borne-run hit over the right, field fence was
thV batting feature of ths game.-. Attendance,
030O.;;,scar.:-: ; . -..;, -.
New Tork « : 'll;-; 3
Brooklyn ?. \ * 7i3~*- 9
• I Batteries-— Cronln, .Bowennan •' and- ¦ Breana
han; Jones, Garvln and Jacklitsch. Umpire —
Hurst... - .¦¦...'•;" '. '•'-*.- ¦-:¦<'. I :.:
BOSTON, Sept. 7.— Boston won the - after
noun game -by hard and consecutive hitting In.
¦ the eighth Inning.- Each pitcher had one bad
inning, but otherwise was effective. •Coprey*»
battlrfgf was 'a feature.- Attendance. 4122. Score:
~, - ..-.; .-.-.-..>.-. ¦ - • -..-i.-. RJ.;-H.VE.
Boston ....... <tn!l ... ;...".. ...-..-fr-- 1* ISSfJ
Philadelphia ...".': ;.-:;..;:. ......... 3 9 1
Batteries — Plttlnger . and ,Moran; Duggleby
and- Dobln. - Umpires — O'Day.and Moran. 1 -'
Philadelphia -batted WillianiVat will- In the
morning game and "won, ." easily. Attendanc*
1930., ;S core: _ R.- - H. , E.
Philadelphia .........;..;.,..-....?. 8 t'" 1 * ' *
Boston ••..- •••:*•.» *
Batteries-'Wllllams - and Moran ;_ Spark* and
.Rpth.; -,¦••¦¦'"-• >••".-.-. O£>r«S~f*
PITTSBURG Sept. 7". — Plttsburer woit- the
second sam« In the- ninth Inning on, Beauponf*
double, followed by Clarke's single. The gain*
looked safe for Plttsburg until the eighth
inning, when Jones singled and Tinker's, two
bagger, helped along- by Kllng's safe hit, tied
the score. Attendance, 14.M0. Score:
>, . ' R. H. E.
Plttsburgr I \l \
Chicago 6 ™, *
Batteries — Leever and Smith; Menefee, Wlck
ev and Kllng. Umpire— Johnstone.
The morning game was one of the P°? re «
played here. Chicago won because Doheny
wa« wild. Attendance. 2807. The »9^ re: E .
Chicago .".14000071 0-13 17 2
Plttsburg 040 20 0020-8 10 . -4
Batteries— Doheny. Thompson a.nd Smith.
Menefee. Currle and Kllng. Umpire—John
stone. ' ;>• : - •-' ' '
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. ¦¦ Sept. 7.— St. Louis split even
¦with Detroit In a double-header this afternoon,
the home team taking the first and losing th*
second. St. Louis placed Its hits to better
effect in the opening game and made two runa,
while Detroit got but a single tally. The
second game was a pitchers' battle between
Kissinger and Sudhoff. the Detroiter. having a.
shade the better of it. Attendance. 14,100.
The scores: : ,
: First game— R. H. E.
St. Loul» ••• ?|1
Detroit * " "
Batteries — Slevers and Sugden; Kitson and
Buelow.
Second game — K- H. E.
St. Louis • ? 2 T
Detroit 16 1
Batteries — Sudhoff and Shannon; Kissinger
and MeGuire. _ .
CLEVELAND Sept. 7. — Chicago could not
hit Killian this afternoon and was ehut out.
Attendance. 14,400. The score:
K. H. E.
Cleveland 7 11 2
Chicago 0 5 1
Batteries — Killian and Bemls; Flaherty and
Sullivan; ! . ; . ..
Jones' triple saved Chicago from, a shutout
in the morning game. Both Donahue and
Owen pitched good ball. Attendance, 3500. The
K. H. E.
Cleveland 4 7 2
Chicago 1 6 1
Batteries — Donahue , and Bemls; Owen and
Slattery.
• -. NEW TORK. Sept. 7.— The New York
American League team reversed the result
of the earlier game by shutting out- Boston
in the afternoon contest. ¦ Attendance. 7400.
Score: ¦-- ¦
R. H. E.
New Tork 5. 10 2
Boston 0 7 2
Batteries — Tannehlll and Bevllle; Young and
J. Stahl.
The local team was shut out in, ths morn
ing game by the Bostons. Hughes, who was
in the box for the leaders, held Griffith's men
down to six hits, all scattered. Attendance,
6033. Score:
R,. H. E.
Boston 4 7 2
New York O 4 2
Batteries — Brookvllle and Chesbro; Hughes
and Criger.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 7.— The locals won
the afternoon game by long hits. Ryan In
jured himself while running after a ball. At
tendance 02C6. Score :
R. H. E.
Washington 2 7 2
Philadelphia 3 «4 1
Batteries — Wilson and Klttrldge; Henley
and Schreck.
The home team shut out Washington this
morning because of the visitors' inability to
hit. Attendance, 2300. Score : -
, . . - R. H. E.
Washington ¦- ¦ 0- • 4 -1
Philadelphia 6 11 0
Batteries — Orth and Klttrldge; Drill. Plank
and Powers. ¦ . • - -'
DOTTBLE-HEAI>EB GAMES •
ON EASTEBN DIAMONDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1903.
11
Rose O'Donnell and James and Delia Hagen,
a native of Brooklyn, N. Y. t aged «4 years
8 months and 6 dayB. (Martlnei, Cal., and
Seattle, Wash., papers please copy.)
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
¦ residence, 1433 Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SIMENS— In Oakland,' September 6, 1903.
Franz, beloved husband of Minna Slmens,
father of f Hugo and Arthur Slmens, and
nephew of .Jphanna Lecante, a native of Ger-
many, aged 43 years and 2 months. A mem-
ber of Templar Lodge No. 17, I. O. O. F.;
Eureka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. S., and Ma-
chine Hands' Union. .
E^Fnends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), from I. O. O. F. Hall, corner
Market and Seventh streets, where services
will be held under the auspices of Templur
¦ Lodge No. 17, I. O. O. F., commencing at 10
o'clock. Remains at the parlors of " H. F.
Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and" Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SIMON— In Oakland, September 7, 1003, Cap-
tain Joseph Herbert Simon, beloved husband
of Martha A. Simon, and father of Mrs. Laura
E. .Gladding of Oakland 'and Mrs. B. H.
Batley-of England, a native of Germany,
aegd 71 years j 6' months i and ,'25 . daya. A
member of Lyon Post Na.' 8. G.- A. 5 R.. and
Oakland Lodge No. 2, Ai O. U. ~W.
SLOAN— In Oakland, September 7, 1903, Eliza-
beth Sloan, beloved mother of Mrs. Isabell
Moore and Thomas B., Ade, Gertrude, Mabel
; and William Sloan, a -native of England.
. aged SI years and 17 days. . .
THOMPSON — In this city. September 6, 1803,
Alice, beloved daughter of John-W. and Re-
s' becca 'Thompson,' and elster of Margaret
Edith, John and Samuel Thompson, a native
of . San Francisco, aged . 6 years and 4
months.. . •
IL7"Frlends and acquaintances .are respect-
".fuliy- Invited, to attend the funeral '.to-day
(Tutsday), at 2 olclock,- from the residence
of ber parents, 11 California avenue, thence
to Cypress Lawn, Cemetery, by electric fu-
.neral car, where services will be held. • ;
VALENTE— In this city,. September 7/ '1903,
, Andrew G., dearly beloved son of Domenleo
and Teresa | Talente. and beloved brother of :
O. B,- and" Amelia Valente, -a native of San j
¦Francisco, aged 24 years 1 month and 11
-days.- • ¦ V ?."• : - '¦'¦.¦-"•;.'• ".'-"•' ¦¦¦'•'
; E7 Friend* and 'acquaintances are' respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. to-morrow .
(Wednesday), at- 1:30 o'clock, from- his. -late
- residence, . 1)27 ' Greenwich street, between
Taylor and Jones. N. B. — At 9:30 o? clock,
a requiem high mass will be - celebrated for
the repose of his soul at Sts. Peter and
Paul's Italian -Churcii, corner* Duponf and
Filbert . ¦• streets. I . * Interment; - New
Cemetery.-" '.;;:-* -- : - "'. - - . -. r -
WHITE — In this city, September 9,' 1903, Mary
Agnes, dearly beloved- wife of, . William . F."
White, • and mother of Irene' amJ'-Milton
White, a'natlve. of New.York City",, aged.41
years 6 months and 20 days.; ' ".
• ICTFrlends and ' acquaintances are respect-,'
fully Invited to attend- the funeral- to-day
(Tuesday), September 8, -1U03. at 8:30 o'clock
a. m., from the parlors of Carew & .English,
20 Van Nesa avenue; thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral,, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 0 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ¦ . . . - -
AUCTION SALES
_iju_^ ..
SALE fe
95Horscs-95
By order of JAMES McCAEE, of Lassen
County, we will sell 65 head of mares and
geldlnga, weighing from 11CO to 1300 pounds;
good blacks; heavy bone, fine condition* also
80 head of small horses, suitable for mllz and
bakery wagons. , . ., '» ".
SALE TAKES PLACE 11 A. 31.
TSXS SAT.
Tuesday, September 8, 1903
At Safesyard, 1732 Market St.,
San Francisco. :
Stock In yards Sunday, . .
FREb H. CHASE * CO.. Auctioneers.
fe '.fea . £*
Auctioii Sale.
80~HORSES»80
Bt order of O. II. MEISS of Slakrrov Co,
Z WILL. BELT.
A Second Consignment of Horses,
Consisting of 80 bead of broken and ua-
broken horses, j Eal» takes place
1 1 : a. m. THURSDAY, September 10,
At J. B. " HORA3TS STOCK. YABXXa. Oar.
Tenth and Bryant . streets- ". ."
¦¦¦ jr. H. HQRTV Auctioneer.
Ell \ Vl I I /^SE^^bbbb19^bCbbbb( bi99b«b^b^GIbbbbbW
It's a Good Rule
To follow that leads you to send your
linen here. • • • .
Unnecessary wear is out of our
line, but immaculate cleanliness, su-
perb finish and collars . and cuffs
without rough, edges are the points
in our work that maintain the golden
rule intact. . . .
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MABKET STBIET,
• -Near. Powell. .' '; './: '
' OCEAN TEAVEL.
'v^TfT7 !s x. Steamers leav» San Fraa-
/^v^-^QaV Cisco as follows:
/tl£f \d\' For - Ketchlkan, Juneao.
IQ./vt&*%H Haines. Shagway, etc.,
I I WBSh4 I I Alaska— 11 a. m., Sept. i 8.
I \ WijffirjV J 13. IS. 23. 2S. Oct. 3. Changs
w\ \\ ~ y.Cff to company's steamers at Se-
V&n^_^.</ attle.
N^AfsvtfJJ^ For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townaend, Seattle ' Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom— 11 a. m.. Sept. 9.
13, 18. 23. 2S. Oct 3. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle for Tacoma .to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver, to C. P Ry. ' . .'•-;•
Tor Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona' 1:30
p. ra.. Sept. 7. 13. lfr. 25, Oct. 1; Corona,
1:30 p. m., Sept. 4. 10. 1«. 22. 2S. Oct. 4.. . .
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Dtego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m .
State of California, Thursdays . 9. a*, m.
For Los "Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). .Santa. Barbara. Santa' Crua Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San. Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
.Coos. Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 6,- 14. 22 SO. Oct. 8
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Sept. 10 IS. 28. Oct. 4
For En*enada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. .
For further Information, obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New .Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf." •
Freight office. 10 Market street. .
C. D. DUN ANN. General Passenger Agfnt,
. 10 Market st., Saa Francisco*
O. /?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Sept 10, 20, 30, Oct 10 20
«0.. "George "W. Elder" sails Sept. 3, 15* .23.
Oct. 5. 15. 25. .Only steamship. line to PORT-
LAND. OR., and. short rail lino from Portland
to all points Kast. Through tickets to- all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include . berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH. G«n. Aift Pass. Dept..
1 Montgomery st.; C- CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Ftt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery St. •
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOBK-SyUTHAM-PTOX— L0XD05. -
N. York.Sept. 16^10 ami St.Louls. Sept. 30.10 am
Phlla-.Sept: 23. 10 ami N. York.OctT. 7. 10 am
ATLANTIC TEANSPOS1- i.I2fE.
Slew York — London Direct. - ••
Mesaba.Sept- 12,. 9 am[Minapls.Sept. 2l», 0 am
Mln'tka.Sept. 19. 4 pmlMlnhaha.Oct. 3, 3 pin
Onjy First-class Passengers Carried.
.SOMIXIOX X4VE. ¦ ¦ -
Boston— Quaeasto-wTi— l.lv«TpooL ~ ' '
Commonwealths Sept. £4 (Columbus (new). Oct. 15
New England. . -OcU 1 Commonwealth. Oet. 23
Mayflower ¦>•.---. .Oct. »|New .England . .Oct 29
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Kensington-.... SepU 12|Bmithwark ..Oct. 3
Canada S?ot. 26! Dominion -.„ ..Oct. 10
Boston- Mediterranean Direct
AZORES— GIBRALTAR— NAPLES— GENOA.
Cambroman.-Sat., Sept. 19, Oct. 31, Dec. 13
Vancouver Sat.. Oct. 10. Nov.- 21
BED STAB XJ2TB.
New - York — Antwerp — Paris. : ¦¦
Flnland.Sept. 12,10 am|KroonJnd.Spt.28, 10 am,
Vad'l'nd.Sept-ia.lO amlZe*!an<*.O«?t. 3. 10 ana
! WHITE STAR 1AJSTE. - •
New ¦ Tor It — Que«n«town — Liverpool. .
Palling Wednesdays and ~ Frl<iays.
Majestic. Sept. 16, noonfCymric.Sent. 23. $ am
Celtic. .Sept. 18. 3 pmvlctortan~.Sept.29. noon.
Oceanlc.Sept. 23,' 7 ami Teutonic. Sept. 30, noon
C. D. TAYLOR. 'Passenger Agent, Paclfla
Coast. 21 Post St.,. San Francisco. - - ••
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
{ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP . CO.> .?»"•-
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First -and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONO. calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting - at
Hongkong with ateamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailtnr.
S S. HONGKONO MARU (calling at Ma-
. • nlla) Saturday. September 1S>.. 1903.
3. S. NIPPON MARU *.. r
r ..Thursday. October 13. 1303.
S. 8. AMERICA MARU.
.....Tuesday, November la 1303
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduce*
raus. ,For freight and passage, apply at Corn-
Daily's office 421 Market, street, corner Ftrat.
**" VT. H. AVERT.. Gen«ral Agent.-
a S SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. -Sept. 17. 2 p. m.
S 8 MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11 a. ra.
S*S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept. 28. 11 a.m.
il, SPKCHIS i S13S.CS:, l|tl..TWBtinftM43 Iiftstft
' FnisMIQct 323 KarkalSL.nirla. Uu&St
COMPAQiriS eSNXSALE TRAHSATtASTlQuX
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PATJ1S. Tmpmr
SSiling every Thursday, insteaa of *&*}&>
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier. 42, T**"'^
North Rtver, foot of Morton st. • "
First-class to Havrt. $70 and upward. Sec-i
ond-cla*s to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES ANT> '
CANADA.- 32- Broadway (Hudson Building). '
New York. J. F. FUQAZI & CO.. Pacific C<Mut
Agents, & Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. ;*•
Weekly Call, $1 per Yea?
ROOMS FOR HOTJ8EKEBPISG.
BARTLETT, 413 — Four large sunny rooms; gas
and bath; unfurnished. $15. .
FOURTH, 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms, also
slngla rooms.
HERBERT (The) — Bunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nished. 1630 Polk st.
HOWARD, 719%— Housekeeping rooms, three;
two beds, respectable, no transients.
HOWARD. 1063 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furnished bay-window; electric lights.
LINDEN ave., 324— Nice, sunny, furnished
housekeeping rooms.
OAK. 117 — Sunny front BUltes $9 to $14; gas
range; hot bath, laundry; adults; single. $5.
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner of Geary — Sunny
rooms; running water; housekeeping; 1 per-
son $7. 2 persons $0.
O'FARRELL, 274— Two or threa housekeeping
rooms.
PAGE. 293, corner Laguna — One or two sunny
rooms, furnished or unfurnished, with gas
ard bath; rent reasonable.
POST, C09— Front room, furnished for light
housekeeping; $3 per week.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Furnish-
ed sunny suite with separate sunny kitchen;
gas range; all complete for housekeeping:
$13 up.
STOCKTON, 1206 — housekeeping; front, newly
furnished; $5 to $12; phone, gas, bath; sunny,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 !
Valencia St. '
APARTMENTS TO LET. "
"EL MONTEREY," the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north sldo of
Pine St., between Hyde and Leavenworth; a
superb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life;
prices very reasonable.
ROOMS TO LKT— Knrn. ana Vntari.
A HANDSOMELY furnished, sunny bay-win-
dow room in private residence, four blocks
from Park entrance, and within easy walk-
Ing distance of Affiliated Colleges, $16; also
large unfurnished room with private en-
trance; gentlemen only. Address box 1705,
Call office.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. "
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
.Fifth st-)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1, $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night. -
ANTLERS. 415 Turk st. — Strictly modern; 4-5
room apartments; fur, or unfur. for hskpg.
BURNETT. 1420 Market— fold No. .1361)— Fu7-
nished rooms, euites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 4t5S — Room for worklngman; first floor;
outside entrance; $5.
ELLIS. S37— Nicely furnished front room; prl-
vate family.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
to $1 50 night; $2. to $3 week; reading- room.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
f.6 Geary st. ; phone Bush 880.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles. .
HOWARD, 829 (The Planet)— Rooms, single
and en suite.
JESSIE, 3C3. east U~ S. Mint— Furnished
room. $5 per month; large one, 2 beds, $10.
KEARNY, 229 — Sunny suite or single; rent rea-
sonable; telephone Black 4440.
MCALLISTER. 204 (Alton)— Furnished, large.
sunny bay-window corner room; good for 2.
MISSION, 1016 — A large front, well-furnished
room to a aingle gentleman; two In family.
NINTH, 113— Sunny furnished room; suitable
for gentleman; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— Front
Funny rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
Page 5751.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $rt week; elevator; eiectrlc lights;
reading-room ; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 60 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an<l
subFcrlptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
STEVENSON l?a7^n^"^oT^Ca?ifoTma~sr^AT-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave., 1714— Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class; sum.y
suites: single rooms; choice locality; ref.
LOFTS TO LET. '
LOFT to lease — «>a Mission st.. NW. corner
of Annie; light loft of 4000 nquar* feet; pas.
senger and freight elevator service; will leas*
for a term; rent reasonable. 6HAINWALD.
BCCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery ,t..
Minn building.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Transfer
Books fir ihe transfer of stock of The Bank
ct California will be closed September 15,
1903. at C o'clock p. m.. and will reopen on
Friday, October 2, 1903. By order of the
Beard of Directors.
. ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 3, 1003.
DR. A. E. NEUMEISTER. Surgeon— Special
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver stom-
ach and bowels. 513-14 Starr King bldg.,
121 Geary Bt.; tel. Private Exchange 210.
Ladies! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies."
| in letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chichester Chemical Co. Philadelphia, Pa.
STORAGE A.M) WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.TTurrTuurei
household goods stored, moved,' shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. near Third; phone Grant 101.
PIERCK-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Pest and Powell sts. ; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CO.VKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlfe. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission at.: tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS V»r. and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1S1Q. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING. AXD STAM.MERIXO.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Nrss and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS ' AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITORS^Wc
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 530 California; telephone Main 200.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery gt.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inepec. Co.. 20W Sansome.
DIVIDEND JVOTICISS. ~~
AMERICAN Can Company. — At a meeting of
the Board of Directors of the American Can
" Company. h*ld September 1. 1003, a dividend
of two and one-half per cent was declared
upon the preferred stock, payable vo Septeni-
" ber 30 to stockholders of record at the closo
of business September 15. The transfer
books will be closed as to the preferred stock
from September 10 to September 80, ! both
days Inclusive. Checks will be mailed.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY, R, H. IS-
MON. Secretary. . ¦ ¦
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
par»v, Con. A dividend. No. 67, of fifty
cent* <60c) per share on the issued capital
Ftock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company ' rooms
¦202. 504. 206 Hayward building. San Fran-
cieco, on September 10. 1903. Transfer books
close Sept. 3 at noon. C. C. Qulnn. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSl ~
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not toe inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Eons authorized to have the tame published.
KATZER — In this city, September 6. 1903. to
the wife of Max. Katser, a daughter.
KAUFNEK — In Yokohama. September .7, 1303,
to the wife of Julius Kaufuer, a eon.
DIED.
Bartels, Peter H. Mclver, Francis H.
Behlow, Christina Mann. Mary A. '
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR gALB.
51400— Modern cottage; 8 rooms and bath; city
water; lot 50x100; $150 cash. |25 monthly.
$1500— 5-room cottage: redwood finish; electria
lights; hot and cold water; easy payments.
$1000 — Lot 60x135 on main avenue; $20 month.
$2000 — 2-story house; etore and 11 rooms; city
water and well; broad street; macadam-
ized. A34.
J2C0O— Half block by the Santa Fe; $50 month.
$1500— Lot for factory site. 221x125. 172.
$2000 — House, 4 rooms, attic and high base-
ment; lot 100x130: street macadamized.
A7i.
$1000 — Corner 98x100 on railroad. $15 month.
$1200 — House, 0 rooms; barn; well; macadam.
A50.
$450— Cabin, 1 room; lot 32x125; near station.
CIIAS. A. BAILEY. 1050 University ave..
near San Pablo ave.. Berkeley.
D. COFFIN & CO.. pioneer real estate agents
of the Mission, will eell you for $100 down
and $20 per month for cottage, 5 r. and b.,
at 26th and Castro sts.; $500 down and $25
per month for new cottage. 5 r. and b., on
Precita ave.: $1500 down for 2 new flats.
Army et. D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission.
A BARGAIN— $4250; CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS;
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. BEB
OWNER ON PREMISES.
HOUSE ror eale; near Lick School. Utah St.,
near Mariposa; new 3-flat house with 10
rooms and baths; fine, big bay-windows ; a
little alteration In lower fiat will make 3
more rooms; rent will bring $50 per month.
See owner on premises; $4750.
IilAT cottage with mclei-n Improvements;
terms same es paying rent. Apply owner,
lumber yard. S.E. corner Alabama and Mont-
calm streets.
A TWO-STORY house of C rooms and bath, gas
and water; modern imrrovements; grand ma-
rine view; on Sutro Heights, near Cliff
House. Apply 410 Forty-fifth ave.
MODERN home. Just finished. » large sunny
rooms; everything first-class; terms to suit.
1310 Castro bt.. opposite carhouse^
VOH sale — House h rms.; high basement; sunny
side 19th, bet. Valencia and Mission: no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co., Unlon-sq. Mkt.
LOTS north or south of park purchased, W.
J. GUNN..630 California st.
FOR PALE— Cottage of 7 rooms, bath. 27
Ford ft., bet 17th and ISth; lot 25x114.
KEAL ESTATE Country For Sale.
A DEPIRAHLE-country home at Walnut Creek,
Contra Costa County. California; five lots, 50
xl40 each; house with 3 bedrooms, kitchen,
pantry, china closet, washrooms, bathroom,
etc.; hot and cold watei- in house; two wells,
•windmill with tOOO-gallon tank; chicken-
house. 5 varieties of grapes, 2 flg trees, 4
plums. f> apples, 4 pears, 12 English walnut*
(bearing). 22 softshell almonds, 50 English
walnuts to graft this year, large variety, of
- flowers and nice lawn; barn holds 40 tons of
hay and C horses; price $4300.
"W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
2123 Center St., Berkeley, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
$850— ALMOST new 4-room cotage. Elmhurst;
small cash payment. $7 50 monthly. OSCAR
HEYMAN. 14 Peat Et.
A WEEK'S news far 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pngo«. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
! PO1AT H1CIIMO.\D REAL ESTATE.
WATER front let? and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photon, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bid*.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
OWNER of choice Berkeley real estate would
like to exekange for foim In this city. Ad-
dress box 41 4S, Call offlc*.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JTST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
F-iirrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottasre and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1410. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2000 — HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; near
Santa Fe IX. R.
$2500 — licuse of 5 rooms and bath: large lot.
$2500 — House of 6 rooms and bath; Telegraph
ave.
$2400— House of 6 rooms and bath; sunny side
of street; near North Berkeley Station.
$3000 — Bonnie little home near the hills; house
of 5 rooms erd bath; lot 100x135.
$3500— New house cf 7 rooms and bath; near
the station; a thorough' bargain.
$6500 — 6 acre* of land with cottage house,
large- barns; only 15 minutes' walk from
station.
$7000 — A new house of 8 rooms, furnace, etc.*
fine corner lot.
$0500 — Here's a chance to make money; fine
corner lot, l.".5xlOO, and good houEe of 9
rooms: street work all done; only 2 blocks
from station.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estat*.
Iierkeley Station.
CHENEY & BERRY.
$237j — Big snap; 50x130; on Bancroft way.
near Telegraph ave. ; everything done.
£500— Lot on Parker Ft., near Grove; macad-
amized; any old terms.
.
i $3350 — Cozy home, 6 rooms and bath; ample
lot: sunshine; view; Just the place; $50O
down.
CHENEY & BERRY,
P. O. Block, Berkeley Station.
$4000 — 3 ACRES, near university; grandest
¦ - view in Berkeley.
I $2400— <5-room ccttage. near station, cars and
school; lovely location; lot 45x135.
$1000 — 0-room rottaee; lot 40x100; short dis-
• tance to North Berkeley Station.
$2400— 7-room house; stable, windmill and
tank; lot 40x135; a snap.
! L. J. MORAN.
2131 Hhattuck ave., Berkeley Station.
11 ACRES, adjoining university, whole or divi-
Bions. DR. MOl'SER, owner, 707 Bush. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
1 — ¦ ¦
ESTATE.
$200 CASH — Monthly payment as low "rent;
cottage. 4 rooms and bath, pantry, closets:
front and back veranda; rustic; barn; good
well cf water; chicken run and- shed; Al
soil; away from fogs and raw winds; close
to cars; Town Hall, school and church: nice
garden ar.d flowers; cozy home; 2 lots. C4x
100: all fenced in: in a fast growing settle- i
ment. adjoining Eart Oakland: price all told
$950. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
st., opp. Broadway station. Oakland; car-
ringe fn-e. H. Z. JQXK.S, land owner.
OAKLAND HOL'SES TO LET.
ZnCW. 6-room flat. $20; combination ffas flx-
ture-F; upc-n plumbing; patent door openers-
fpeakini? tubes; gunny. 1723 Alcatraz ave
Lorin Station; key at 1721; take Berkeley
local. , .
OAjaAjrojFtmMTURE PQH SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnl-
ture. H. Schellhaag. nth st..cor. store. OaklnJ
LEGAL ADVKRT1SE31I<:.\T8.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.'— Filed
August 25. 1903, ALBERT B. MAHONY
ClerK. by E. J. CASKY, Deputy, ClerK; No'
23.150. Probate— In the matter of the estate
cf ALICE SKAE, deceased. Notice for pub-
lication of time appointed for probate of will
C. C. P.. Sec. 1303 — Notice is hereby given
j that Tuesday.' the 8th day of September
A. D. 11W3. at 10. o'clock a. m. of that day.
and the courtroom of Department No 8 of
eaia court, at the' City Hall, In the City and
County of San Francisco. State of California,
have been appointed as the time and place
for proving the duly authenticated copy -of
•the will- and codicil of »a!d ALICE SKAE
deceased, and of the probate thereof, and
. tor hearing the application of MERCAN-
TILE TRUST COMPANY O? SAN FRAN-
' CISCO, a corporation, for the issuance to It
of "letters testamentary thereon. [Seal.] AL-
BERT B. MAHONY, Clerk, bv E. J. CASEY.
X>eputy Clerk. Dated. August 25, A. D. 1000.
MOr.RISON & COPE, attorneys for pe-
tltlnner. _.
TO LEASED ~ ~~~ ~~ ~*
LARGE store and basement on Market et.. In
moet desirable . part of retail district; en-
trance on two streets; will lease for short or
lone term. Address M. B.. box 1149. Cajl.
PIAAOS ASP QRGAXS.
p^L?irES^?®F to Becond - haaa
1 FTEINWAY & BONS Price. Now.
Rosewood ca»e, large sire, 7 1-3
lent condition •-*» xv.
1 A. B. CHAEE— •' J ?3 ' 8
Mahogany case, largest ilze full
•w.nging music rack, three pedale.
?r £ ."£"1 et ?' le - camM betoli
jrum a new piano . n?ji d.nn
1 PTEINWAY & KH&T
\\a!nut case, email elze, 7 1-3
octaves, nearly new. beautiful
PSfSSl??^: ** 475
Mafcorany care, large size, latest
,££ ' X * 3 octaves, cannot be told
I rom new «¦«« F nm
1 A. B. CHAFE GRAN-P^
Mahogany case, in perfect condl-
i lO eVr- n Tx-n^ Sfc<1 three raon tns 600 673
grandI- V& eoNS BABY
*£}? r :l z *' i ca6e - 1n u?e a very
»? e end «<3"»l to new 850 750
— .T-!? 0 , a laj "Fe number of square pianoa
.ar.ging in price frcm ?25 to $250, and chapel
and parlor organs from J20 to JIM.
Complete l\n furnifhed en application at
our €tore. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Corner Kcurny nmi Sutter ft*.
PALMISTRY.
r V. E IFE OF A NAVY OFFICER consulted
MADAM DEVAS. The MADAM found eh%
jvas A15OUT TO GKT A DIVORCE. Th« J
MADAM'S advice to her was "DO NOT GET
A DIVORCE, nature •will free you In flv«
rncnthe; your husband will die In Africa: do
not get a divorce, and then you -nill be abl«
to pet a pension after htf= death." In about i
five month* he filed of yellow fever. As she :
*as.p»iu his wife rte can r.ow draw a
LARGE TENSION. MADAM DEVAS has
many ruftonrrs who never make an Import-
ant move without fir?t consulting- her. and
O.ey TAKE HKR A^^^CK. Madam Deva«
can be ccnKulu-d at her office. No. 26 Lletx-s
building. 133 Port ft., da'.ly 10 to 12 a. m.. 1
to 5 p. m.. and Tuesday evenings; Sundays
and other hours by APPOINTMENT ONLY.
Fl'LL PALM REAPrKCa $1 00.
MME. PKVAS— Pf!ent:f.<3 paim'.et and astrolo-
irist. Palm r'-r.'ilncs $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to T». p.rA Tuesday evenings. 139 Post Et
il. JEROME FOSELLT. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor Ft., n^ar Geary. Phone Black 561.
PHYSICIANS AXD SLIt'JEO.VS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, fkin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. PALL. :<'T3lj Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG~IIIM. herb doctor:
treats all disease* of the human body; for
part four y»-ars at 115-117 Mason; -now lo-
cated at Cc~ Ctary St., new L»-avenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal. herb doctor; cure* all diseases of human
by us* of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
¦WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All <Jle-
ea?e» cured by Chinese herbs. 74C-8 Clay st.
PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLKMItHES REMOVED.
Wrir.kles. yellow and Ra'aby skin, birthmarks,
emallpcx jiittlnps and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, masrage. electricity or
medicines; rpeclal demonstrations this week.
Call or write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
TO TVhom It May Concern — My wifa. LIZZIR
REHQUATE. hai-lng left my bed and board,
1 will not be responsible for any bills con-
tracted by her after this date. September 7,
1S03. \T. REHQUATE.
SPECIAL — Reduced fcr the month only, home
treatment that you can use at your own
home, removing wrinkle, tan, freckles, leav-
ing ekln clear n.id smooth: to be had enly at
my ofSce. Call cr write M. ELLA HARRIS.
761 O'FarreU et.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its Kr. ivth.s-.op5 fa!iir.g,cure« dandru.T
and Hchir.g r«l1i>; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses fcalp; at druggists', h a! ri re sse r»' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Reme<5yCo.,SSl>Geary.
NOT hew cheap, but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the eewlng-machlne of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, cs-cnt, 1021 Market et.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine • habit. Call cr
address Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave., .
corner Suttcr st. ; fee moderate.
WANTED — By a s'.r.ple lady as companion In.
email town, a girl between 7 and 10 years;
pocl home, school, etc. Address box 1729,
Call office.
HAIRDRESSING In all tranches taught; $5 for
2 week*. Up-to-Date Hairdresr ing Parlors,
1026 Market ft., room 1, upptalrs.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
funday evenings at Teutonla Ilall, Howard
Ft., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT less than cc*t. uncalled for suits, overcoats
sr.d trjueers. at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market et.
THE highest rrice paid for ladies' or. rents'
ctst-efr clothir^f and ell articles of value at
WEINBEX'.G'S. 114A Ellis et.
' ELEGANT eults on easy Installments; 50 cent*
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1UM
Market Ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
MRS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet oM and
new friends at her millinery parlcr-,11.1 Ceary
ALL (-tylc-s hairdreering 2.">c: hair goods; mani-
c-rLigr. 25c. G. LEDKIIER. 123 Stockton St.
TAILOR-MADE cuit 57 M); drees pants $2 B0.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Hush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS ha.r and moles removed by
electee needle. I>r.&Mr*.Travir*e.ll7u Market
MABQtTERADK ewtumej. rlay books, wics,
country orters. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
ALFP.EDUM'S Egyptian Henr.a restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggets'.
Euperiluoua hair and molts removed with elec-
trlc needle Mrs. & Miss Eaton, lilt* Sutter.
PKOFUSALS.
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage. Depot
Quartermaster's office, 30 New Montgomery
et.. San Kranc:sco, <?alifomla, September 7.
l!«03. — Sealed proposals in triplicate will be
received at this office until 30 a. m., Mon-
day. September 2«. lf»<)3. Pacific iStandaru
time, and then opened for furnishing at
cither the Philadelphia. Boston, Chicago or
Ean Francisco depots, of l«W,<X»0 pairs woclon
stockings. *earo.kt:S, fcravy quality, cenforra-
lng in all respects to standards and FpecJfva-
• ¦ : v to be fc^en at this office. Hidders eub- '
nltting proposals fcr Etockings differing in
make from the *«taljll!=h<»d standard eample.
must submit with their bids a sample stocking
f uch as they propose to furnish. Quantities
to be subject to an Increase of 20 per cent,
if dtsired by the department. Bids for the '
same articles .v.-ill be opened same time at ,
the other depots above mentioned.
To avoid misunderstanding an to the exact ,
nature of. the articles to be furnished, bidders
will carefully examine the standard samples
snd cpeciHcatlcns, eo that prcpcrals may be
fubmltted fry them with a full knowledge of I
what will be required, as an absolute com-
pliance with the standards and specifications
will be Insisted upon in the inspection of the
foods. Unguaranteed bids, and bids for de-
Ii\try or inspection at other points than those
named above will not be eonsMer-d. Early
deliveries are essential. Bidders must stale
In their proposal? the rate and time of de-
livery, should contract be awarded to them.
Preference will be given to articles cf do-
mestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal «Jn-
oludlng in the price cf foreign production
and manufacture the duty thereon), and such
preference will be uiven to articles cf Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced
<m the Pacific Coast to the extent cf the con-
sumption required by the public eervlce there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for
proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals win be ln-
¦ dorred "Proposals No. 6808." ana addressed
to Major C. A. Devol. Quartermaster. U. S.
Army. Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS — Bids Wanted — Notice fn here-
by given that scaled proposal ' vriu te re-
ceived by the board of directors of the Vet-
erans' Home of California, at Its office, room
13 220 Sansome ft!«-<t_ San Francteco, up
to'l2 o'clock m. <ji MONDAT. September 14.
1903 for furnishing and delivering materials
»nd 'furr.ithiivfs for the new hospital at th«
Veteran** Home. Napa County. Cal. (rail-
road station Yountville). Specifications for
tbove may be eeea and examined at the of-
fice of the board cf directors between Ihe
hours cf it £ m and 5 p. m. each week day.
Money for payment on contracts will b«
available immediately after January' 1. 1904.
Preference will be given to good* manufac-
tured in this State, price, fitness, and qual-
ity being equal, under the provisions of sec-
tion 5247 of th" Political Code. The board
r«*ervcs the rlpht to reject any or all bids.
and to order any quantity over or under the-
amount epec'.fied. Address JOHN F. SHEE-
HaK. Secretary cT the Board of Directors
or the Veterans' Home of California, room
13 320 Sannome Ftreet. San Francisco. Cal.
tty crder of the board of directors. JOHN
F. SHEEHAN*. Pecretary. .
6AN FRANCISCO. Cal.. August 26. 1903.—
Bealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 12 o'clock, noon. September
JO 1903, and then opened, for furnishing at
Han Francisco. CaL, Portland, Or., or Seat-
tle cr Tacoma. Wash., for Ehlpment to Ma-
nila, P. I.. 7,800,000 pounds of hay and 7.400,-
000 pounds oats. Government reserves, right
to reject or accent anv or all bids in whole
or in part. Information furnished on applica-
tion to X:. A. DEV'OL. Quartermaster. Chief
Q. M.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method;' 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter at.
Blrney. Thomas C. Matrala. Emma
Cavanagh, John Mitchell, James - V- ' :
Crocker, Eliza G. Molloy, James t i; •
Cuneo, Joseph Moore, JohnH.
Delainey, Elizabeth Roonan. Patrick
Dunbar, James W. Sheridan, Mary ;-v"
Eaton, Helen- A. Slmens. Franz
Hartmanshenn. John Bimon, Capt. Jos. H.
Keogh, Thomas J. Sloan, Elizabeth .
Law, Valentine Thompson, Allca .
Linkogel, Margaret Valente, Andrew O.
Lynch. Alleen . ' White,- Mary A.
Lyons, James II. _^
BARTELS— In this city. September 7. 1903,
Peter H., beloved husband of Catherine Bar-
tels, father of Annie Bartels, uncle of Marie
Fahrs, and brother-in-law of John Jackson
and John and Henry Brlckwedel, a native
of Germany, aged 02 years. 1 month and ,11
days. " •
ICyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Mission f road, corner . Prlnn street,
near county line. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. , ¦ \ 'if
BEHLOW— In this '*. city, .September — , 1003,
Christina Behlow, beloved mother of • Wil-
liam and Robert Behlow. Mrs^, C. A. Wag-
ner and Mrs. Emile J«(hn,and the late
Charles J , Gustav and Emile ;Behlow, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 80 years 5 months
and 6 days.v . ' . -. ' "• . .
C?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from her lata
residence, SOD Baker street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. <* ' : . - v . ?*%
BIRNEY — In this city, September 7, 1903,
Thomas C, beloved husband of .Catherine
Birney, and father of Edward Blrney^ a na-
tive of Ohio, aged CS years S months and
12 days.
C^The funeral will take place Thursday,
. at Sonora, Tuolumne Cdunty. - ..
CAVANAGH— In this city, September 6. 1903.
John Cavanagh, a native of the parish of
Faughlln Vale, County Derry, Ireland, aged
Bl years. (Boston. Mass., papers please copy.)
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co..' 1230 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth," thence to- .St. Patrick's
Church, where a colemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 11 o'clock- train from
. Third and Townsend streets.
CROCKER— In this city, September 7. 1903.
Eliza G., wife of the late Horace T. Crocker,
and beloved mother of Irene A. and Charies
C. Crocker, a native of New London, Conn.
CUNEO — In this city, September 7, 1903. Jo-
seph Cuneo, beloved son of the late Louis
and Mary Cuneo, and brother of- the late
Charles Cuneo and of Paul, and Mamie Cuneo
iand Mrs. Tesslar, a' native of Jackson, Ama-
dor County, Cal., aged 30 years 4 months and
38 -days.
DELAINE Y-j-In Oakland, September 7, ,1903.
HlUabsthv Delainey, beloved mother, of Jerry
Sanderson, a native of Mobile, Ala;- •
GTNotlce of funeral hereafter.- • ¦ -. '
DUNBAR— At rest. In this city. September 5,
1903, James \V\, beloved husband of Kate
W. Dunbar. and father Of Florence May
Duhbar and Mrs. J. G. BrUon, a natl\-e of
Ohio. .
E7FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
.Tuesday, September 8, 1903, at 1 o'clock, at
Odd Fellows' Hall, corner of Seventh and
Market streets, under the auspices of Alta
Lodge No. 205, I. O. O. F. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
EATON— In this city, September 5. 1003, Helen
A., beloved wife of Dr. George L. Eaton, a
native of California, aged 26 years 7 months
and 9 days. ¦ ...
CTFuneral services to-morrow, at 1 o'clock,
at the chapel of N. Gray & Co., 353 Sutter
street. Interment private. Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
HARTMANSHENN— In this city. September 6,
1903, John; dearly beloved husband of Mary
E. Hartmanshenn, and devoted father of
Edward J., . Fred C, Mildred and MyTtle
Hartmansh«nn, a native of Germany, • aged
49 years 7 months and 17 days. A member
of Verein Eintracht; Verein Eintracht
Schuetzen Section; Verein Eintracht Sing-
ing Section, and Verein Eintracht Turner
Section.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1512 Fifteenth 6treet, near How-
ard, thence to Eintracht Hall, Twelfth
street, near Folsom, where services will be
heM, commencing at 1 :30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Crct.s Cemetery, by electric fu-
neral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero,
streets.
KEOGH— In this city. September 7, 1003,
Thomas J. Keogh, beloved son of Mary and
the late Michael Keoch, brother of James
R. and Marsrare^ B. Keogh, Mrs. M. T.
Stephens and Marie C, John and W. H.
Keogh, a native of Toronto, Canada, aged 44
years.
LAW — Drowned, In this city, at Ocean Beach,
September 3, 1903, Valentine, beloved son of
Nora F. arid the late Rev. Victor Marshall
Law, and brother of Mareuerlte and Flor-
ence Law, a native of Cedar Rapids, Iowa,
aged 20 years and 14 days. Body not re-
covered. A member of .Sophomore. Class,
University of California.
IC^Fnends ard acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend memorial ¦ services
Wednesday, September 0, 1903. at 11 o'clock,
at Trinity Church, corner Gough and Bush
streets.
LINKOGEL— In this city, September 7, 1003,
Margaret, beloved wife of August Linkogel,
a native of Liverpool, England, aged 42
years.
tC? Friends- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day, September 10, at 2 o'clock, from
the parlors of McFadden, McBrearty «
Green, 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
LYNCH— In this city, September 0, 1303, at
her residence, 134 Collins street, near Geary,
Aileen, beloved wife of the late Dennis
Lynch, and dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
J. Fredericks, Humphrey W., Michael I. anil
Mary G. Lynch. Mrs. Louis Vlen and Charles
V. Lynch, a native of Ireland, aged 57 years
0 months and 0 days. (Boston and Newbury-
port, Mass., papers please copy.)
CTi lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invlttd to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 0:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1.14 Collins street, thence to Hoiy
Cross Church, Eddy street, '¦ between Scott
and Devlaadero, where a solemn requiem
high mess will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In- .
trment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LYONS— In this city, September 6, 1903. Jamrs
H., dearly bsloved husband of Elizabeth
Lyonk, and father of Margaret, Mary, JameA,
Anna and Thomas Lyons and Mrs. George
NicholaB, a native of County Gal way, Ire-
land,' ased 42 years.'
.. . £3f The funeral will- take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission
street, thence to St. Teresa's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
lt:30 o'clock. Interment iloly Cross Ceme-
tery.
McIVEIt— In San Joae. September 6, 1003,
Francis H. Mclver, dearly beloved son of
James and the late Annie Mclver, a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 3 months.
MANN — In Oakland, September, fi. 1J)O3. Mary
Abby, Mann, aunt of A. I... Mann and Seth
-Mann, a native of Randolph, Vt., aged 75
years 9 months and ?. days. ¦ ,. -.
ICFrlends and "acquaintances are recnect- !
fully Invited to attend funeral services Tues-
day afternoon. September 8. 1903. at 3:.'!0
o'clock, at the residence of Seth Mann, 92tt
Magnolia street, Oakland. Interment m
Randolph, Vt.
MATRAIA — In this city, September 7, 1903,
Emma Matrala (nee Smith), beloved wife of
Andrea Matrala, a native of Hamburg, Ger-
many, aged 41 years.
EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, September O, 1903. at 1 o'clock,
at. her late residence, 2733 Rranklln street.-
Interment Italian Cemetery^ San Mateo
County. . j r ..¦
MITCHELL — At Veterans' Home, Napa
County, September 6, 1903, James Mitcheil,
beloved husband of the late Margaret Mitch-
ell, and stepfather of John and Margaret
O'Rourke, a native of Ireland, aged U3 years.
(CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited .to attend the funeral to-day
(Tutsday), at U:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 8CG Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated ' for
the rei>oee of his soul at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOLLOY— In Odgeri, Utah, September 7. 1903,
, James Molloy, beloved,- cousin of Patrick
I'runty, a native of County. Longford^ Ire-
land, aged 67 years. • • -_•_, -.-
11OORK— In this' city,' September 5, 1903, John
H., beloved' husband ¦ of Fannie Moore, ¦ and
father of Elizabeth N., Benjamin .P., Mattie
I. and Lester H< Moore.'anatlve of England,'
aged C7 years. ; ¦> . • , ¦ ,, >
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully : Invited to attend, the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 3:" o'clock p t m., at
the chnuel of the Odd . FelloWB 1 . , Cemetery,
under the ausDlces of . Yerbti Buena Lodce
No. is. i. o.-o. F. ¦,"¦„:;»-,. "-¦.- - .
IIOONAN— In this: city. September 7, 1003
Patrick ltoonan, a native . of- Ireland, aged
70 years. . • ¦¦, r ¦¦_••.¦. . .
ICTKrlencIs and .acquaintances are respeot-
¦fully Invited toattend- the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the Chapel
of the Passion, attached to St. Mary's Hos-
pital, where a solemn requiem maRs will be
. celebrated for ihe repose of his soul, com-'
mendng at 7 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by train from Third and Town-
send street* at 11 o'clock. Remains at the
parlors of McAvoy & Co.. 1230 Market street
between Eighth and Ninth. .'
SHERIDAN— In this city, September 7. 1903,
Mary, , beloved wife of the late John Sheri-
dan, mother of John C, Joseph B. and Annie
Sheridan. Mrs. Mary Powell, Mrs. Lucy
Trelut. Mrs. Rose Farwell. Mrs. Agnes Carr
and Mrs. TeBSle Mitchell,- and slater of Mrs.
F. J. Monahan, President.
MONAHAN & CO.,
' (Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2311 Mission et. Telephone Mission 31.
Max*. Island aad Vallejo i3t*aa»«xs.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO —
0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 0:45 a. m.. S:30 p. m. -Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 60 cents. Tel.
Mala IMS. Pier 2, Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. ¦ -For coughs and colds, children take Piso'i
Core for Consumption without objection. *
Friends of George Buzzini, who resided
at 141 Ninth street, called . at -. the; Coro
ner's office yesterday:; and reported -him
missing since 7 o'clock last Sunday,morn
ing. . He ¦ was C5 • years .of age - and , had
been despondent for. the last six weeks. ,
George Buzzini Missing.
It was another one ' of those "first
nights" at Fischer's Theater last even
ing and the double bill was heartily re
ceived by an overcrowded bouse. ' There
was a storm of applause and additional
testimonials in the shape. of. many flow
ers were sent over the footlights. "The
Glad Hand" and the "Con-Querers" were
the -offerings and each was full ' of fun.
Fischer's.
John Murray,- a sailor living at 34 Clay
street, was in Gus Munk's saloon, 243 East
street, on Sunday night and raised a dis
turbance. James Green, the bartender,
ordered him out^and he drew a revolver
and pointed it at Green. Before he could,
pull the trigger Green and some friends
who were present Jumped upon him and
took the weapon from him. Policeman T.
P. Maloney arrested Murray and booked
him at the City Prison on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon.
Draws Bevolver on Bartender.
Sundays. - Labor day and Admission "day offer
splendid opportunity to vpeni a day In Mill
Valley. Larkspur, Ross Valley, Fairfax cr. San
Rafael. Fourteen to eighteen trains daily via
Saurallto ferry. Fare 25c " to ¦ 60c,- round trip.
See the third-rail electric ayntem. A novelty
and a great success. Ticket office North Shore
R. R,, 626 Market St., 3. .F.; phone Private
Exchange . 160. . , •
A Day in Sunny Marin.
U S Postofflce gave us a good-sized order for
printing and binding. MyseU-Rolttns. 22 Clay. •
There is a good programme at the Or
pheum this week. The new attractions
are interesting, especially the Frederick
Bond Company in a sketch entitled "My
Awful Dad." The bill closes; with the
Rio brothers, who in acrobatic feats
startle the spectators. Lew Bloom and
Jane Cooper are among the . holdovers.
Orpheum.
I ."Divorce;. Its' Relation* to.' Psychology,"
Is the . subject of:. Dr. :. McIvor-TyndaH's
lecture at. Steinway Hall . the r coraingtSun
day. night. The subject 'is. one that should
be.of interest to. the publicV.dealing'as, it
does with- a question that has been dis
cussed .from- the standpoint ;of .law.iand
ethics durlng-the -last- few-years. The
clergy have had much to; say on,; the di
vorq|5-evli and its cure. ..Dr. Mclvor-Tyn
dall, as one of the world's students of
life, will doubtless have some interesting
and original ideas onrthe subject.
Dr.' Mclyor-Tyndall.
Central.
The; Central Theater 'scored "a hit yes
terday.-afternoon and* evening with the
farce . comedy, ; "Whose Baby; Are You?"
Each oroduction was witnessed by a full
house. The piece has snap and vim • and
raciness and the Central stock company
gave a performance that kept the audl.
ences in laughter from beginning. to end.
There were enthusiastic curtain calls at
the close of each act and the quartet of
real live babies, three white :and .one
ebony, made one of the pronounced hits
of the show.- "Whose Baby .Are , You?'-'
might well be prescribed as an antidote
for the blues/,.. .;. ...;.. ..
j Williams , and AJva, * novelty musicians,
were new at the Chutes .yesterday 'and
scored hits: at-' both performances.: as' did
also May. Lawson, a pleasing contralto, in
Illustrated songs. "The Olson brothers; re
markable banjoists, played hew selections;
the Leando brothers gave ran amusing
acrobatic, act; Loraln and HoweU,Y/?the
elastic sweU.s," offered a novel act, .and. the
animatoscope -showed a complete changed
of moving 'pictures.' Others-on ah'unusu
ally, strong programme, are George .Austin;
the comedy wire -walker, ahd-Spauldlng,'
Chutes. -
"Everyman."
Owing to bookings in the- East, "Every
man" ¦ will be produced . here only two
weeks longer. The number of $1 seats has
been increased to 400.' ,- ' ' '¦ ¦¦'.¦•.
The popular concert under the direction
of ¦ Fritz Scheel and the auspices of the
San Francisco Symphony Society was
given yesterday' afternoon at the Mechan
ics' Pavilion and proved an unqualified
success. Scheel gave the people a pro
gramme which appealed to all tastes and
fancies, for there was an intermingling
of Schubert, represented by that great
composer's "Military • March"; Sousa,
Thomas, Wagner, Moret, Waldteufel and
Strauss.
Fritz Scheel's next and possibly only
other ."popular." concert, will be given^ to
morrow afternoon at the Mechanics* Pa
vilion at 3 o'clock. This afternoon the
San Francisco Symphony Society concert
will, as usual, be given at the Grand
Opera-house under the direction of Mr.
Scheel. - . . '
ScheePs Popular Concert.
•The Grand Opera-house was rilled last
night with an amused and highly gratified
audience that took in every point of the
musical comedy, "The Gaiety,Girl." given
with exceeding cleverness by Pollard's
Lilliputian Opera Company.
Grand Opera-House.
Conditions in Honolulu, acccrdlngr to
Carter, are steadily improving and the
expenditure of this $1,000,000 is absolutely
necessary to enable the Territory to keep
up with the march of progress and handle
intelligently the problems that are al
ready looming up big and complex before
the administrators of tne affairs of
greater Hawaii.
On the* Sonoma was also E. R. Stack
able, Collector of Customs for the district
of Hawaii. He comes to San Francisco
to meet Assistant Secretary of the United
States Treasury R. B. Armstrong, who Is
due here to-morrow, and Collector of the
Port Stratton, with whom he will confer
regarding irregularities and methods of
the Hawaiian customs service. It is un
derstood that one of the matters that will
receive theJr attention will be the order,
made some time ago and recently rescind
ed, whereby the baggage of passengers on
through steamers was examined at Hon
olulu. The order resulted in many com
plaints and it is supposed that it was
rescinded for this reason. There is to
be a meeting of collectors of customs of
the various ports of the United States
in New Tork in October and it is pos
sible that Assistant Secretary Armstrong
will order Collector Stackable there to
represent Hawaii.
George R. Carter, secretary cf the Ter
ritory of Hawaii, arrived here yesteday
from Honolulu on the liner Sonoma. He
is on his way to Washington to secure
the approval of President Roosevelt to
a $1,000,000 loan for needed improvements
in the Territory. After securing the
chief executive's permission Carter' will
proceed to New York, where he hopes to
float the ponds with little difficulty.
This loan of $1,000,000 was provided for
in the Territorial organic act. The money
is needed for the construction of school
buildings, the building of roads for the
opening of new country, for an insane
asylum, the improvement of the harbor
of Honolulu and other public Improve
ments. Everything necessary to the is
suance of the bonds has been arranged
except the approval of President Roose
velt, which is required by the organic
act. Carter expectrf^no difficulty in car
rying out his mission so far as the chief
executive is concerned, and thinks there
should be little delay in floating the
bonds. Hawaii, he says, has a gilt edged
reputation In the matter of financial re
sponsibilities.
The bonds will be redeemable in from
five to fifteen years and will bear 5 per
cent interest.
, Mrs. La Schelle interrupted to say that
Mrs., Green was troubled with .asthma
and also suffered from pains in the shoul
der, where her arm had been amputated.
Mrs. La Schelle listened to the entire in
terview and volunteered information. She
is much younger than Green. Her son.
aged 12, was also in the room, throughout
the ¦ conversation:
B Chief of Police Rassetteof Watsonviile
Is also investigating the case and is turn
ing all his . information over to District
Attorney Knight. ; The latter has taken
the matter under advisement and will not
act' until further evidence is secured.
This whole story 13 made up to injure me.
They have no cause for it. I never injured a
person in my life. I pay my debts, and the
merchants will say I am a good citizen. My
first two wives died of consumption. They
were relatives and consumption was hereditary
in their family. My third wife died In Cali
fornia, and Dr. Bryan of Gllroy said she had
consumption of the bowels. My fourth wife is
divorced. Mrs. Scales was my fifth wife.
My God. I am. innocent It was all an acci
dent. ' I don't know how it happened, no more
than what we ¦ have seen. I still suffer from
the gas that filled my system. My bones are
stiff and I. have pains across my chest. I am
ready to appear before any court and swear to
what I have told you.
Mrs. La Schelle explains her presence
at the funeral by the statement that she
was a friend of the dead woman and if
she stayed away there would be more
gossip.
In an interview to-night rGreen made
the following statement: t"
They (meaning people of Watsonviile) started
this talk about my wife's death, because two
days after the funeral I went to court and was
myself made administrator of her estate. T did
this on the advice of my lawyer and two of
Mrs. Green's closest «nd best friends. The
property value has not been fixed, but it will
not amount to more than $10,000. She owned
this house and held a mortgage of $llt.O on a
ranch In this county.
She denies that she ever quarreled with
Mrs. Green. She swears she was never
sent away from the house, but went at
the recsuest of Mrs. Green, who secured
her employment looking after Mrs.
"Wright, mother of a -well known lumber
man of this city, who was suffering from
blood poisoning. She states that Mrs.
Green told her to come back as soon as
she finished.
Mrs. La Schelle's connection with the
case has given the gossips a great chance
to talk. She comes from Forbestown,
Butte County. She came to Watsonviile
some years ago in quest of employment
and took ur> her residence with "W. R.
Blbby'and wife, who were, living in the
lodging-house conducted by Green. She
"became acquainted with Green, it is al
leged,'and a liking sprung up between
them. Mrs. La Schelle made herself use
ful around the house and her presence
was indispensable.
Dr. Frederick W. Putnam Peabody, pro
fessor of American archaeology, deliver
ed an interesting lecture last evening at
the Academy of Sciences on "Ancient
Earthworks of the Ohio Valley." The
audience was large and appreciative.
torney Knight. He answered searching
questions and did everything to prove his
innocence. His statements were taken
down by Court Reporter Williamson and
if necessary will be used at some future
hearing.
Green Is 66. years of age.. He is a na
tive of Maine and has been married five
times. He has one wife living and she
is said to be residing at Morgan Hill.
She was the fourth and she secured a
divorce from him. He thinks she Is liv
ing under his name. He has a son 23
years of age who is employed by a trans
fer company of this city. He Is a son
by the third -wife, who died In Gilrov.
Professor Peabody's Lectures.
Territorial Secretary G.
I R. Carter Arrives on
Sonoma.
Henry Miller and Margaret Anglln last
night' repeated the success they achieved
on their opening week of the season . in
George Bernard Shaw's play, "The Devil's
Disciple." The house was crowded and
the principals received several curtain
calls.
Columbia.
To-morrow night, Thursday night, and
at the farewell bargain matinee Thurs
day afternoon, a novelty will be offered to
the California patrons that promises to be
of particular interest ; The fourth act of
"Notre Dame," showing the beautiful
6now effects, will ¦• be set in full view of
the audience, which will: be the first. .time
the public' hak . been ¦ offered a • chance to
learn the mysteries of snow, making be
hind the scenes.* '¦_•¦' :' ;i- ; . . \ .;
On Saturday night the California's regu
lar combination 'season- of weekly East
ern attractions will begin with the new
and v«ry- clever farcical '.comedy, "A
Friend of the Family." in- which" George'
Barnum and Alice Johnston $re starring,
supported by a very strong organization.
California.
It was a crowded house with Italy play
ing the role of hollyhocks against the
wall, and it was a splendid performance
of Faust. Tina de Spada looked the inno
cent Marguerite and acted the part to the
life. She has improved since she was
here last, not in roundness and volume,
but in delicacy and finish. A wagon load
of flowers went up to her after the cur
tains closed on the garden scene in which
her "Jewel Song:" was encored twice. Her
support was excellent.
Probably there was not one ' person In
the Tivoli audience last night of those
who applauded Eugenie Barker when she
sang "Le Parlate d' Amor" and "Margar
ita" in "Faust" that knew how much the
fair singer was struggling with perhaps
the first deep sorrow that a young life
may know, the loss of a beloved parent.
A short time before the curtain rose she
received a telegram from Denver. Colo.,
announcing that her father, J. C. Putnam,
had died suddenly less than an hour be
fore the message reached her. The af
flicted young woman was cast for the part
of Slebel and the audience could* not be
disappointed, so the -brave little woman
came before the footlights with a sad
smile on her lips masking a breaking
heart. None of those who heard her un
derstood why there was; so much pathos
in her voice, so much of soul in her sing
ing.
Tivoli.
COMES TO FLOUT
HAWAIIAN LOAN
The first is a combination of the best
features of one of the first productions
in the way of burlesque presented: at
Fischer's. The . second Is a humorous
adaptation of "The Conquerors." Kolb,
Dill, Bernard. Blake and Maude Amber
handle the heavy parts with their usual
success. The last named was particu
larly fetching in a simulation of a Sal
vation Armv 'uniform.
chance.- Neither is there any large Illum
ination of that. Howard Scott has the
husband's role, and Is fair in it; there is
a lawyer that never dawned on sea or
land, and the lover of the daughter, who
shows taste. Lucius Henderson makes
love in unexciting fashion to Mrs. Hatch.
It should be said' the costumes are hand
some and the scenery lavish.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
- Mr. Baker had been complaining for
quite a while of nor. feeling well and it is
supposed that death was caused by an
attack of heart disease, aggravated by
the shock of the cold water.
In early days Mr. Baker was a promi
nent newspaper man, but in his later
years he was engaged In other\ occupa
tions. Some years ago he married Miss
Freda Galllck, an actress. The dead man
had relatives in Milwaukee.* He was 65
years -old.
Colgate Baker, at one time a prominent
journalist, died suddenly yesterday morn
ing in his lodgings at 1149 Larkin street.
It had been his custom to rise early and
take a cold sponge bath while standing
at the sink. His nude body was found
by thfg housekeeper, the forehead resting
on the sink, against which he had fallen.
The body was wet and the sponge, which
was lying near the right hand, was satu
rated with water.
Former Well-Known News
paper Man.
Sudden Ending by Heart Disease of
COLGATE BAKER DIES
WHILE TAKING A BATE
District Attorney Knight Is wroth at
the county officials for not Informing him |
immediately that the circumstances sur
rounding the death of Mrs. Green were
mysterious. He says he would have had !
an opportunity of sifting the entire mat
ter and fixing the blame, If there was
any, on the proper party. Sheriff Trafton
was the one who started the investiga
tion. He received an anonymous com.
munication a few days after the death
of Mrs. Green which read as follows:
"I presume that you have seen In the
papers that Mrs. Elvira J. Green met her
death by the gas route. From one who
knows the Inside. If you wou.d Investi
gate the matter, you might find that the
death was not as accidental as it seemed
to be."
Sheriff Trafton was loth to pay atten
tion to the communication. The anony-.
mous writer, however, suggested that if
he desired to learn more he might put
an advertisement In one of the papers
that "H. V. T. would like to learn more"
and he would call upon him and give him
the" desired information. The Sheriff
thereupon advertised and his unknown
correspondent called ' upon him and en
lightened him considerably about the
daily life of ;Mr. and Mrs. Green and
said something. about Mrs. La Schelle.
..The" Sheriff, reported what, he had
: learned to the District Attorney and the
latter advised frraf ton: to investigate. The
latter came to "Watsonviile. a 'few days
af tec they lnauest 1 ;* and" found that - the
Coroner's "Jury, which', was composed of
JvJH;.'McEwen.; D..-, Alexander. J. Ken
naugh, >J.vJ. :v King,':,N. A. Uren and I.
Menflelsbn, brpugHt Mn: a; verdict of ac
cidental | death through j gas asphyxiation.
vThe' «(yib?nce i at .the Inquest was given
by' J .Green,\Dr: : E. ;E. Brlggs, who was
called lo after the 'death of . the woman,
and'^ C.' P. : ¦' TerwaHlgfir, , the • husband of
Mr8.r,Green's'^ilece. Green testified sub.
Btaritlallyi as . follows:
'¦ '"TESTIMONY OF GREEN.
.' I retired <'be\w'«en 9 and 10 o'clock last night
.and .left-. niy, wife sitting up. reading. I was
soon asleep. . I was awakened - by being asked
by.-.Ker-if.I heard the train, come in. She
was • .preparing 1 ' to retire, at. t the time (about
20:30'P> m)c Itija. drowsy' way : I answered
"Yes," ar something to that- effect, and must
have 'fallen -asleep again. Immediately.
', I- know nothing that happened afterward un
til ; at 'some time' between 1 tand' 2 o'clock I
awoke 'with a strange telling of helplessness.
I /knew /something *a« Wrong, but could not
understand what It was. I knew help was
needed and began groping for the door. At
last I found it and 'crawled into the hall.
' My., nephew. * Mr.~~ .TerwitllK«r, .and' his wife,
occupied a room across the. hall.. They came
to ' the ; door and ; discovered ' that gas , was es
caping ' from th« jet -where it had-been burn-
Ing at the time I retired.
i Dr. Briggs testified. that .he was called
in . at 2 o'clock' in '-the morning and on
his arrival found Mrs. Green dead. He
said the woman ; had- been- dead half an
hour. He testified that he then attended
Green; who was suffering, from the poison.
; Terwilllger corroborated Green , by, say
ing that he was aroused by; his calls and
opened the door ' and the ¦ sicken
ing odor- of escaping '-. gas. He said he
Jumped over Green and opened the win
dows and j doors - and then . tried to save
Mrs. Green, but he was too late.*
Green was subjected to a close examina
tion last Saturday night by District At-
.Sheriff H. V. Trafton has been here for
the past week investigating: the case. He
left to-night to report what he has learned
to District Attorney Benjamin K. Knight
of Santa Cruz. So far he has no tangible
evidence against the husband. He has
his theories and he expects to prove
within a short time that Green can tell
more than he does about the alleged ac
cident.
SHERIFF WILL REPORT.
Mrs. La Schelle is now housekeeper to
Green, and It is her presence In the house
at 169 Third street -that is causing so
much gossip in Watsonviile. The resi
dents of this city are still talklnp about
the death of Mrs.' Green. County officials
are still investigating the matter and if
they can find a semblance of guilt on the
part of the husband will hale him Into
the Superior Court and prosecute him.
were tne best of friends. The reason she
came back from Pajaro. she said, was to
attend the funeral and take charge of
the house. She stated this was at the
earnest request of Mrs. Green prior to
her death."
WATSONVILLE. Sept. 7.— "As
• God is my witness, my wife
met her death through acci
• dent, and I am innocent of
¦I . the crime that busy neigh
bors are trying to fasten on me."
j R. Green, the husband of the late Mrs.
Elvira J. -Scales Green, the well-known
writer and relative of "Bill Nye," raised
his hands over his head and took a sol
emn oath that he was blameless. He
sat in the very room lighted by the gas
jet through which the deadly monoxide
poured on the evening of August 27 and
ended the life of the woman.
'Seated next to him while he made his
statement was Mrs. Laura La Schelle.
the divorced woman, who, it is alleged.
was attentive to Green previous to his
wife's untimely taking off. She took part
in the conversation and assured The Call
representative that she and Mrs. Green
Special Dispatch to The Call
WATSONVILLE WOMAN WHOSE
DEATH • OFFICERS ARE INVES
TIGATING AND FORMER HOME.
There are many good points in the sup
porting cast. Miss Virjrinia Brissac as the
daughter being prominently among them.
Miss Brissac is a clever young woman
with an appcalingly girlish air, a pretty
voice and general attraction. Her Gladys
was conspicuous for its dainty simplicity
and charming naturalness. Marie Howe
has done nothing better than her old Irish
servant The rele is a good one. and
Miss Howe brought a strong sense of fun
and refreshing buoyancy to its acting.
The men comparatively have small
All of Miss Roberts' good conscience and
familiar sincerity are in best evidence in
her Mrs. Hatch. She suggests the mother
hunger with a sweetness never overdone.
Hashes into a convincing fury at meeting
the woman who wrecked her home, shows
graceful g-erstleness and dignity in her
relations with the man who would marry
her, and presents throughout a well-bal
anced, thoughtful portrait. She shows all
of her accustomed emotional grip in the
big scene. Perhaps there is a tint too
much of the Bohemian in her first scene
with Adrian, a recklessness that Is not
wholly in keening with the situation.
But it is one cf the best things Miss Rob
erts has given us, rounded out and
smoothed into a very human convincing
whole.
By the erace of a two weeks' run I
made ray late acquaintance with "The
Unwelcome Mrs. Hatch" last night at the
Alcazar, along with an audience that
matched the first night's in size and
noise. The week has doubtless added
much to the smoothness of the perform
ance. It went on rubber tires last night
and as a production is one of the most
satisfying the Alcazar has offered of late.
One has learned to look for at least
one important novelty during the annual
•visits cf Miss Florence Roberts to the
Alcazar. This year the popular actress
has two to offer, in D'Annunzio's "La
Gioconda." to be presented for the first
time here on Thursday afternoon next.
and the current bill. "The Unwelcome
Mrs. Hatch," a comedy by Mrs. Burton
Harrison. The Harrison play proves to
be a particularly happy medium for Miss
Roberts. Further it is a play of sus
tained and at times striking interest, and
lends itself luckily to the Alcazar re
sources. Its central episode is one to
command sympathy and Mrs. HaVrison's
handling of her material is throughout
effective and unhackneyed. The motive
cf the play— the love of a presumably
erring mother for her daughter— attracts
the maudlin, but the player has neatly
avoided this pitfall. In the humorous and
philosophic fiber of the character of Mrs.
Hatch Mrs. Harrison has saved It from
Iru' impending sentimentality, and in its
Sensitive, impulsive, willful quality is
cleverly suggested the reason lor the
•woman's separation from her cold-blooded
husband.
In the first act the mother, who has not
tees her daughter for twelve years, ac
ceding to the promise, returns to her
home en hearing of the girl's coming mar
riage She implores her former husband s
permission to see the girl, and the lirst act
has a striking scene between the mother,
father and the lawyer who secured their
divorce. She received the desired per
mission to see the girl at a picnic given to
street waifs in Central Park, but may not
ppcak with her. The scene with the chil
dren is handled with a good deal of point
and fun in the production, some very
clever little tikes taking part. Ollie Coop
er's cynic remark on the wonderful dra
gon story of Mrs. Hatch was a particular
ly bright spot. However the climax was
reached when in "Eatt Lynne" fashion
Mrs. Hatch returns to her home in dis
guise as a dressmaker's assistant, to try
on her daughter's wedding gown. Here
siie meets the second wife, the "other
•womaji" of h<?r story, and the scene be
tween the two crackles. The rest Is
explanation and the death of Mrs. Hatch.
•Delegates-elect to the Democratic con
vention are considering the merits of the
many candidates for the Board of Super
visors. W. M. Clack, merchant, corner
of Market and Haight streets, is on the
acceptable list. It is regarded as certain
that a nomination will be tendered to
him. The importance of nominating good
men for the board seems to be appreci
ated by the delegates to the respective
conventions. In the Republican camp an
effort will be made to give each Assembly
district a nominee for Supervisor. As the
legislative apportionment now stands the
number of Assembly districts in San Fran
cisco corresponds with the number of Su
pervisors provided for by the charter. It
is an open question whether the Demo
cratic and Union Labor conventions will
go so far in the indorsement of home rule
principles as to recognize the right of
each district to name the nominee for the
local legislature.
"It is the common impression in Repub
lican ranks that Auditor Harry Baehr,
Tax Collector E. J. Smith and Treasurer
J. E. McEougald will be renominated in
recognition of the excellent official record
made by each. Many of the Treasurer's
friends are urginc him to get into the
contest for Mayor, but he expresses a de
sire for renomination to the office that
he now holds.
United States Senator Thomas R. Bard
advises his friends that he will return
from Europe in October. If an extra
session Is called he will remain in the
East until the adjournment.
It Is expected that the Regents of the
State University at their meeting to-day
will consider the subject of electing an
attorney of the board to succeed Major
Mhoon. Three candlda^s may be voted
for— Charles E. Snook, Warren Olney Jr.
and Osgood Putnam. There are indica
tions that the attendance of Regents will
bevlarge. Judge McKinley of Los An
geles Is in the city and expects to at
tend the session. Lieutenant Governor
Anderson, Speaker Fisk and Superintend
ent of Common Schools Thomas J. Kirk
will probably be present. Governor Par
dee was in Oakland yesterday and ex
pects to be in Chlco to-morrow.
The Thirty-sixth Assembly District del
egation to the Republican local conven
tion met last night at 1759 Mission street.
F. \V. Burnett was elected chairman.
Charles W. Baker was chosen secretary.
Grand Opera Delights Tivoli
Crowd— Other The
aters, j
Good Men in Acliva Demand
for the Board of
Supervisors.
Florence Roberts Satis
fies Audience by Emo
tional Work.
Regents May Elect Maj.
Mhoon's Successor
To-Day.
CLEVER ACTING
AT THE ALCAZAR
THREE LAWYERS
WOULD TAKE JOB
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. 1903.
Santa Cruz County Officers Their Inves
tigation of the Circumstances Surrounding the
Sudden End of Mrs. Elvira Green From Monoxide
H USB AND SOLE MNLY INSISTS
WIFE'S DEATH WAS ACCIDENT
12
GOOD
HOUSEKEEPING
Good Housekeeping 13 a "homey "
magazine— original, bright and full
of good cheer. It has a distinct fla- #
vor, vrhich fascinates and yet helps*
every member of the family — father,
mother, daughter, son. Its growth
is phenomenal yet stable — over
5 0 0,000 regular readers every
month. At least 160 pages each issue
— finely illustrated by leading artists.
An Illustrated Magazine
FOR ALL THE FAMILY
Writers most prominent in their
respective spheres are contributing
real Good Housekeeping matter,
covering both the homely details of
everyday work, and, in a bright and'
readable way, the principles underly-
ing all questions affecting home life.
$1.00 per year— 10 cents a copy.
A free sample copy to all requesting.
AGENTS WANTED
Good IIousekkepino wants a subscrip-
tion representative in every city and to»yn
' in the west To those who will give all or
j a portion of their time it offers attractive
work and pavs exceedingly liberal commis*
sions. It will pay you to Investigate. A
I postal card -will brin? particulars. Write
at once so as to be the first in your field.
The Phelps Publishing Co.
Pacific Coast OJSct,
I E9 Columbian Building, San Francisco, CaL
AT ALL NEWS STANDS
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
•lor over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Pries Lists Mailed
on Application.
TBESH AH1> SALT MEATS. "
IIS RftYFS & CO £ hl P& ln « Butchers. 10*
JAJ. DUICJ fttV. Clay. Tel. Main 123L
OTT.S. ~~ ~~
LUBRICATXNQ OILS: LEONARD & Trr.T.;«a
US Front st.. S. F. frhona Main 17 1U.
¦•Fsn?Tiircr
V C HTIfiHPS PRINTER.
THE WEEKLY^CALL
Si per Year.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
K1GKANDSGREAM
Baby's Awful Suffering from Eczema,
Cculd Not Hold Her. Would
Itu Kir Face and Arms.
CURED BYCUTICURA
•• When mj little girl was six monthi
old, ebe h&d eczema. We had used cold
creams and all kinds of remcdleu but
aothing did her any good, in fact she
kept getting worse. I used to wrap her
hands up, and when I vronld dress her,
I had to put her on the table for I conld
sot hold her. She would kick and
ecream, aod when she cocld, she would
tear her face and arms almost to pieces.
J used four boxes of Caticnra (Oint-
ment), two cakes of Cuticura Soap,
and gave her the Cuticara Resolvent
and &he was cured, and I see no traces
of the humour left. I can truthfully
eay that they have saved her life, and
any one suffering as she did, I should
advise them to give Cuticura a fair
trial."
Mrs. G. A.. Conrad,
Feb. 7. 1898- Lisbon, N. H.
SIX YEARS AFTER
Mrs. Conrad Writes, Feb. 23,
1903, Cure Has Been
Permanent.
" It is with pleasure that lean inform
jou that the cure has been permanent as
It is now eix years since she was cured
and there has been no return of the
disease since and I have advised a lot
of friends to use the Cuticura Remedies
la all diseases of the skin."
: Instant relief and refreshing sleep
for skin-tortured babies, and rest for
tired, fretted mothers. In warm baths
with Cuticura Soap and gentle anoint-
ings with Cuticara Ointment, the great
ekin care, and purest of emollients, to
be followed in severe cases by mild
doses of Cuticura Resolvent. This is
the purest, sweetest, most speedy, per-
xnanect aad economical treatment for
torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning,
bleeding, scaly, crusted and pimply
skin and scalp humours, eczemas, rashes
and irritations, with loss of hair, of
Infants and children, as well as adults,
and is sure to succeed when all other
remedies and physicians fail.
Sold tfcrourfcect the world. Cstinrt RewiTtst. ffe.
fit form of chcoUu Cetwd PjIU. tte. pet r.tx of 60X
Oirtatet, She.. £c*n. tit. Depot*: London. 27 Charttr-
koiut So.. < P&r». 6 An* d* U Paixt BMtoa. 1C7 Colnabw .
*?• roller Drne * Chen. Corp.. Sole FroDrUten.
mr 6ea« tor - Csticun ft Us Boot
PBAGEBS - | PRAGEBS
| ASK CLERKS FOR GREEN TRADING STAMPS. 3
I -every 1 • alwaV^m;uable p {I fj
I DEP'T. ft 1238-1250 MARKET SI>"«* * *' g
1 Continued Bargains - 1
I First* Anniversary Jubilee Sale, 3
I Superb Millinery Specials, S
H Only the very newest creations " [I
j| in millinery are on display in our n
Ira store, and such reasonable prices |
1 1 have been marked that it will be ft
j [1 wise to make an early selection. <^i^^^W^* r
j[| There* is the greatest variety of I!
'H street hats and trimmed mod- /* ¦^z*K*f^^ ||
H els to be found in the city. For £ "s^y [j
|i those who prefer hats made up to /W~*$^&^~ 0
ill any particular design we have a e$k\ J^T/^> H
\m large corps of experienced milli- \$'fi / A
H ners who will carry out any idea 'Kjfo] £bF -.' R
m satisfactorily. >x W$£lr^' <J 0
i H These are the specials for to- • < i7*7 ' H
I $1.5O to $2.50 — Ready to wear hats; ioo diflferent styles and all It
1 shades. i\
j 1 JjSS.oO— Untrimmcd velvet hats. [J
I a' $2.5O and $3.*>0— Children's trimmed Flats and Pokes. f J
; t $3.OO and $3.5O— White Felts; the latest fad. fj
ra $4.OO and $5.OO— Special line of imported street hats; strictly H
j ! ai %7.r»O and $8.00— Some beautifully trimmed stylish hats. All the B
j | latest colorings and designs. g
| ! BLACK SILKS. Stylish Waists and fj
3 PEAU DE SOIE. Wrattnprs l\
\ I 75c a yard-20 inches wide; regu- wrappers. ff
m lar ooc valr.es. v Always ready to offer garments at |J
I Ooc a yard — 24 inches wide; regu- the most seasonable time3. We |
' I lar ?i.25 values. . have prepared these specials that I
I 1 $1.00 a yard— 24 inches wide; reg- are more than ordinarily attract- i
I g ular $1.35 values. ive. [
g 91 .1O a yard— 27 inches wide; reg- sn?K WAISTS. j
I "k^ 1 -^ values. -- .«?4.!)5— 2(» : beautiful silk waists of I
! I ™ TAFFETA. Peau de Soie> Peau dc Cyne A1J |
; m <We a yard— 19-inch; worth 8 0 c a the newcst s hades and styles. F
I 1 J ard " . -i »u ™ „ Thev come in P ink « blue « black. H
1 1 75c a yard— 21-inch; worth ooc a white d cream Nicdy tfim _ y
! K yard. med. Sizes 32 to 44. H
1 HAND-MADE ZEPHYR '-¦¦ wrappers. §
|| GOODS 9.1c— 50 dozen flannelette wrapper* II
M ir T,^rvr/cc Af 'a «f fin*. in beaut if u l patterns of small. N
I IS®— BOOTIES-Mad* of fine neat des ; gns in most de sirable I
! I zephyr in pink and white, blue colors. Sizes 32 to 46 in every |
I and white and white. A regular design. These garments were I
I o- 2 5C xlfe mtq« t a r tt F T q— bought to sell at $1.45. |
g 2f»e — INFANTS JACKtl b — • ====================— = —»_ s «-aca f
E Made of fine Shetland yarn in California Rifmlf P>t« ~
I white, pink and white, and blue t-auiornia DlOllKetS. £
I and white. Worth 50c. $.~.OO a pair— Extra fine Califor- |
i 3»c— FASCINATORS— Made of nia all wool blankets, with |
fij four-ply zephyr, shell pattern. pretty pink and blue borders. |
y N Large size. Colors, red. blue. v Very soft and fluffy, and suitable i
H pink, black and white. ' Worth for double bed. A three-inch t
pj - oc ¦ silk binding. £.
i B THIS STORE WILL BE OPEN UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK THIS I I
I B EVENING. IT WILL REMAIN CLOSED TO-MORROW. fl |