VOLUME XCIV— NO. 61.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRJD^Y; J JULY 31, 1903;
T^OUR fugitives from Folsom Prison zvho thus far Itave succeeded in escaping the bullets of
JP two hundred man-hunters in El Dorado County, are believed now to be perilously located
on-Webber Creek, not very far from the hamlet of Lotus. The pursuing officers, according
to dispatches received early this morning from the scene of the chase for the murderers, feel con
fident that no mistake has been made in the identity of the men who called at farmers' houses on
Webber Creek late yesterday afternoon. The information has been considered of sufficient value
to cause a rapid mustering of all posses and troops at Lotus. The trails and stream were com
pletely guarded by midnight. At daybreak the pursuers will search the region, and if the con
victs be found a terrible battle may result.
PROMINENT MEMBERS' OF. : POSSES "WHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE
1 PART IN THE PURSUIT OF THE FOLSOM CONVICTS, AND THE
HEROINE OF PILOT HILL. ¦;-, V , .. , '., /,'iUi
; T OTUS, via Placerville, July
X^3o.— Two . of the convicts
were seen last night by " Mrs.
Catherine Stronach,. who : resides
"with her ' grandmother, /Mrs.
E Has Brown, at Macbeth's ranch.
At 9 o'clock last night two rough
looking men, carrying rifles,
called "at ; the • house and * asked for
aj clrink of 'water. : They were
given some arid , ; they' then > filled
two. tin cans. They; had. slouch
hatS'pulled down over their- eyes
and^Mrs.^StrbnacK says 'that she
could riot see above ;their. ; noses.
*i vThey asked her if ; ; she was
Woman Reports
That Convicts
Came at Night
uty Sheriff Cook has found on the
river • bank underclothing which
evidently had , been washed and
put up. to dry. Thisclothing is
said to belong to the convicts, who
in haste. must, have left with-
SUES ARIZONA JUDGE
FOB $45,000 DAMAGES
Los Angeles Attorney Holds Jurist
Responsible for Loss of Val
uable Securities.
LOS ANGELES. July 30.— J. R. Conroy.
a local attorney, brought suit here to
day against Hon. George R. Davis, Judge
of the First Judicial District of Arizona,
for $45,000. Conroy, in his complaint,
charges that Judge Davis unlawfully re
quired him to withdraw from, the United
States mail and deposit In court a letter
containing two valuable notes. This, it is
charged, happened in Arizona in May of
this year. These notes were the subject
matter of litigation then pending in the
District" Court. Conroy claims that tha
notes were In his possession as security
for attorney's fees due from his client.
Beauchamp H. Smith. One of the notes
was for the sum of S3C0O and the other
for $19,196. Conroy put them In a letter
addressed to Los Angeles, out of this
court's jurisdiction. For alleged disre
spectful language addressed by Conroy to
the court he was fined $100 by Judga
Davis. He now places his damage from
the deprivation of the nates at $35,000 and
for the alleged wrong done him in the
contempt proceedings at $10,000.
Continued - on • Page 4, Column \ 3.
CASTBO INVITES TBOTJBLE
WITH ALL THE POWEBS
Diplomatic Corps in Caracas Protests
Jointly Against Affront to
Spanish, Consul.
PORT OF SPAIN. Island of Trinidad.
July 30 —Passengers who have just arrived
from Caracas say that in consequence of
the Incident which occurred last Monday
at La Guayra. where, as a result of fric
tion between the Spanish Consul and the
local authorities, the exequatur of the
Consul was withdrawn, the diplomatic
corps at Caracas met and decided to send
a joint note protesting against the action
of the La Guayra authorities and the
withdrawal of the exequatur of the
Spanish Consul.
They took this action. It is sa)d. not for
the purpose of assisting the Spanish claim
before the mixed tribunal, but because of
the precedent which would be established
and because they considered It contrary
to the protocols made with the powers
and signed by Bowen. the United States
Minister, acting as the represenUive of
President Castro. w?
That the convicts are traveling by. night
is positively proved "by the fact that not
a "sign ,"of ; them, has been seen since Mon
day night,", when they released the guards
they "had captured. There are a' number
of ex-convlcts living In El Dorado County
arid: there is no' doubt that they are
throwing v the posses off . the track by
spreading, false reports that the murder
ers have been; seen first at this point and
The old : "robbers' trail," starting from
Clarksville, runs to Mormon Island bridge,
thence to Salmon Falls, Bear Mountain,
Pilot Hill, thence to Greenwood, to
George's Slide, thence to Otter Creek, near
the ¦ extinct volcano, . thence to Forest
Hill, and crossing the Middle Fork of the
American , River goes ' into the Rubicon
country. , •
This trail crosses the wildest country in
thlspart of California. and even the hardy
mountaineers who live around here have
never been over this trail. The ex-convict
who furnished The Call with this inf ot
mation laughs at the probable efforts of
Sheriff Bosquit and Sheriff Keena and
the militia to head off, the escaped des
peradoes. He said that he had watched
the progress of the chase since last Mon
day night and that ' the* band of convicts
could not be caught^ as they knew what
they were about.
EAQEB FEIENDS ASSIST.
. The plot was to ..break from prison and
to take the old "robbers* trail," which
leads from Clarksville and runs to the
Rubicon country In the eastern portion
of El Dorado County. If the convicts
ever reach the Rubicon country they will
probably, not -be caught, for they can hide
there for an indefinite time. The country
abounds with deer and all kinds of game
and fish and in the summer is filled with
cattle that" graze there. In winter the
Rubicon is covered with heavy snow, but
there are plenty * of the cattlemen's cot
tages cabins that would afford shel
ter to. the convicts.
FLAN OF CONSPIRATORS.
•It has been learned that the ringleaders
of the band were furnished with
complete information as to the best way
to go to evade capture long before the
break was made.
The movements of the convicts since
last Monday morning seem to prove that
the information given In The Call to-day
is correct even If It does come from the
lips of an ex-convict. To mention this
man's name would mean ,hls death at the
hands of some friend of the escaping
band of murderers who are being hunted
for high and low by the Sheriffs of four
counties and a company of the National
Guard.
who escaped from Folsom prison
last Monday are not trying blindly to
evade the posses and troops that are
pursuing them. The old "robbers* trail"
is the one that the convicts made up their
minds to use when they planned their
murderous break from Folsom.
PLACERVILLE. July 30.— The Call
correspondents here were fur
r.ished with information that Indf
cates that the band of convicts
Specitrt Dispatch to The CalL
Criminal Crowd
May. Be Very
Safe.
Fleeing Convicts
$eek \ Rubicon
.--_^,.i^.-w^; i--Vv ->;*•¦>: •''*" 'f'S'-H /' • '•
The lecture started with a packed
house. Assistant United States District
Attorney Lewis (colored) presided. Ho
had only uttered Washington's name when
Trotter yelled:
"Is the rope and the torch all we shall
get under your leadership?" and "Can a
man be an educator and a smooth politi
cian at the same time?"
Then came a storm of hisses and some
one sent for the police. Thirty bluecoaU
responded and Trotter was arrested.
Then his adherents began yelling and
cursing. More questions and epithets
were hurled at Washington. Philippine
Commissioner Fortune, a negro, tried to
stem the tide and was cast out. Five
women were arrested after the rioting
began. t
An attempt was made to assault Wash
ington, but twenty policemen with drawn
clubs beat back the rioters and escorted
Washington to his cab and accompanied
him to his hotel.
At midnight the negroes were threaten
ing to "do" Washington on sight.
BOSTON, July 30.— Booker Washing
ton's lecture to-night on the problems
confronting the colored race wa3 broken
up by his local opponents. led by Editor
Trptter of the Guardian, the colored or
gan. Trotter Is under arrest, with eight
follower*, jrmd; Bernard . Charles . is m th«
hospital witlTa-raaar wound-la his uide.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Police Rescue Noted Leader
From Colored Men Armed
With Razors.
PLOTTERS
SELECT A
TRIAL
Riot in Hall Prevents
Delivering of a
Lecture.
Breaks Up Booker
Washington's
Meeting.
NEGRO MOB
CRIES DOWN
EDUCATOR
Continued :. on ' Pace 4, ' Column < 3.
PLACERVILLE, July 30.—
A telephone message was're
ceived here from Guard Seavey
of Folsom Prison, who telephoned
from Lotus that a courier had>just
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Chicago Ordered to New York.
WASHINGTON. July 30.— An order was
cabled to-day qpm the Navy Department
to Admiral Colon at Lisbon detaching
the Chicago froV the European squadron
and directing h\r to sail Saturday for
New York. The Wsel wf II be extensively
repaired at NewWork and then will re
place the New "Ark as the flagship on
the Pacific Etatioi
JHdlsJisked
by the Guards
Wear Pine Hill
TBEN'tOK. N. J., July 30.— A summons
was serifcd in Newark to-day on former
United Sates Senator James Q_ Smith,
receiver ir the- United States Shipbuild
ing CompW, ir. proceedings instituted in
Maine by the Mercantile Trust Company
of New Yofc to foreclose a $16,000,000 mort
gage on th* shipbuilding company's prop
erty. The Ktt Is similar to the one insti
tuted in Marie ar.d is designed to reach
the companVs property fn that- State.
The sumraomis returnable September 17.
Sumnons Served Upon Receiver.
. WALHA." WAJ^LA. Wash., July- SO.—
Aichur Bowman ana Frank Palmer,
Walla Walla citizens, killed a two-headed
snake to-day, supposed to be similar to
the monstrosity discovered a few days
asro In California, The strange reptile
was stzn at" Russell Springs in the Blue
Mountkir.E, - near here, and was shot to
death., The head on Its tail was half an
inch in diameter and without eyes, but
with Kell developed teeth In the upper
and liwcr jaws, which fell apart from
relaxation after death. The regular head
wus of larg^e size and contained fang-s.
The crake was stretched out in the road
way anS was found In a place not Infested
'by rcpilea.
On© Head Has No Eyes, but Full
£ *^ Complement of Well-Devel
oped Teeth.
"WALLA WALLA CITIZENS
KILL TWO-HEADED SNAKE
Coloma;5 armed, men have swarm
ed day ¦ and 'night. The ' people
who i live in .- the' vicinity of ' the
places do not know the faces • of
every law officer in the hunt. To
carry a gun and ask for informa
tion as to escaped convicts brings
forth plenty of : information.
There :-is;i little trouble "for
friends pi I / the escaped '. con
victs to learn all the" plans
of the - law, officers and com
municate ¦ them? to the hunted
men. Chance may : operate in fa
vor , of the ' law, officers and help
them to kill ;pr capture the eleven
murderers: from 'Folsom ' Prison,
but it will be;only 'chance.; \
TROOPS i ON MARCH.
No plans ; have yet '. been • made
by tlie Siie'riffs^to cut" off. the Hand
of convicts : f rom : going- over < the
.?old; robbers'"; trail, <¦/,; -V ;,>
- In response to -the- call •-from
Webber '.¦¦, Creek ') Sheriff f Bosquit",
Deputy, Giliis Cook and four^other
dep'uties^Lieutenatit 'Tom; Smith
of -Company ;H : and f ourteen : irnil T
itiamen -: have > all ¦; hurried ¦ south
f rom *Lbtiis^d6wn-the river. % Deb-
There, are more than 200 armed
men operating in the hunt for. the
band . of convicts from Folsom
Prison: In the region of ; -Pilot
Hill, Cool. Lotus.; Greenwood and
The Sheriff's posse was report
ed to be exhausted and aid was
asked for. Gaylord's bridge is
half a mile from Pine Hill, so it is
evident that the above 'two mes
sages refer to the same discovery
of .the convicts..
ridden in from Pine Hill, bringr
ing the information that three or
four convicts had been located
there, and asking Seavey to send
aid at once. The convicts were
reported to have been located by
three deputy sheriffs. Telephone
messages have' been sent to all ad
jacent points giving; this news
from Lotus and requesting that
reinforcements' be rushed there.
Pine Hill is; five' miles due
south of Lotus and on Webber
Creek. It. is located south of the
mountain range: .
The news. from Lotus was fol
lowed by i another message from
Shingle Springs, '•being sent' by
William Rassmussen. He tele
phoned here that Sheriff Reese had
sent back a request, for the mes
sage to be telephoned, and it was
to the effect that the Sheriff had
located five of the convicts at
Webber Creek, near Gaylord
bridge.
FOSSE IS EXHAUSTED.
enough credence has been placed
in it to cause all officers in this
vicinity'and Auburn to hurry to
Lotus.
Sheriff Keena and his deputies,
ex-Sheritt Conroy of Placer,
Sheriff Mansfield of San Mateo
and Sheriff Bailey of Glenn all
passed through here this even
ing, headed toward Webber
Creek.
The report that came to this
side was to the effect that the
hotel man at Lotus went out this
afternoon and in the vicinity of
Webber Creek found a camp
where the refugees had taken
breakfast or/ dinner. A farmer
living in that vicinity reported
that four of the convicts called
at his place this morning to get
drinking water. /
Sheriff Bosquit, whose head
quarters have been at Lotus and
who is supposed to be in charge
of operations, has ordered the
militia to the northern end of
Webber Creek. He is guarding
the lower end, and he has sent
out a hurry order for reinforce
ments all along the line. No at
tempt will be made to capture
before daybreak.
Sheriff Keena and the various
f Placer County posses will reach
the seat of operations about mid
night. If this latest report of the
whereabouts of the lawbreakers
be true, there will surely be a
fight to-morrow.
Time Seems Near When
Battles Will Be Fought
"jn the Clouds.
M. Santoe Dumont estimates that within
two hours *r.om the time of leaving the
train everything Ti1ll be ready, and he
will then taal i an attempt over the town
that may be selected for the experiment.
The visit of Lieutenant Colonel Bour
fieux and Major Hirechbauer to Du
mont's balloon shed tea* one of the con
eequer.ces ..fa letter written by Santos
.Dumort to General Andre, Minister of
AVaj, offering his airships and services to
France 'in the event of war with any
country other than the republics of North
end South A uerica. General Andre ac
cepted the offer, saying he believed a
navigable balloon would render consider
able service in time of war.
,M. Santos Pumcpt's idea for this inter
esting experiment is to take a train from
I'aris in the early morning with his bal
loon, tubes of 1 hydrogen gas to fill It and
all of the machinery and instruments in
a special t gon. At some station a short
distance from the town to be visited the
w? son will be unhooked from the train
and a score or so of soldiers and accom
panying cheers, representing the Ministry
cf War, will unload the balloon and its
appliances and transport it to the nearest
available «pen space, where under M.
Eantos Dumont's direc*»ons the balloon
will be inflated and prepared for the as
cent
6p*cl*l C*b!e to The Call and New York
¦ Herald. CcpjTiEJU. 1903. by the New York
Herald Puhijsfcys Company.
PARTS, July 33.— Is the world within
measurable distance of the time when
bathes are to be fought up in the clouds,
as .well as on land an</ beneath the sur
face of tht sea? It would seem- so. M.
Santos Dumont to-day received a visit at
his balloon hheds in Neuilly from a dele
gation representing General Andre, the
French Minister of War, and another
composed of Major M. Hirschaucr, Chief
of the French Military Aeronautical De
partment. f and Lieutenant Colonel Bour
geux, chief of General Andre's cabinet.
For two hours these officers remained
with M. Santos Dumont. examining his
great balloon No. 10, trying- the sixty
horse power motor, starting and stopping
the immense propeller and studying every
detail of the airship with minute care and
tireless patience.
The opinion expressed by the represent
atives of the Ministry of War was so un
re«»erv<E.dJy (avorubU that u. praftica! t.K
of a novel character, which, if successful,
will be conclusive of the airship's mili
tary value, will take place very shortly.
The test will consist of an attempt to
.cave Paris and enter one of the French
frontier towns on the same day, by air
ship. Naturally the entire Journey will
ncj be made in the balloon.
Attempt Will Be Made
,». to Descend Upon a
City.
Novel 'Experiment
to Be Tried in
, France.
jf N^OOL, El Dorado
J[ County, July 30.- —
$ The very latest re
| port regarding the
Folsom fugitives is
that four of the con
victs have been locatejd on Web
ber Creek, above Lotus. While
the report has. not been verified,
Facial Dispatch to The CalL
WAR TEST
FOR FLYING
MACHINES
Posses and Mili
tia Guard All
Outlets.
Couriers Gallop to
the Towns for
Aid.
MANHUNTERS IN EL DORADO HURRY AT NIGHT TO WEBBER
CREEK AND MAY BATTLE AT DAWN WITH FUGITIVE CONVICTS
The San Francisco Call.tVasHINGTON,': July 30.— King Menelik
of Abyesinla is to have his own mint, and
It will W In full operation at -his capital,
Addis Ababa, ¦ by tho first of ¦ the coming
year, : according - to . the : report « of > Consul
Mastefon at .Aden to ' the Department of
Commerce and Labor.;/ It V Is understood
that the King has moro than 110,230 pounds
of. gold, bullion on hand, besides a large
amount of f silver.
Menelik to Have a Mint.
" A" s^iiety lady as a Hfc-»avcr. nead the
Wasp's gossip. ' • •-"'£;
HONOLULU. ¦ July 30.— A number of
persons af the leper' settlement on^ithe
Island r nf Molokai who are not afflicted
with tne disease were recently gran^d
permission to leave. A few availed theki
eelves pi the opportunity to visit Hono
lulu and various places, biit others, have
presf*ited a petition asking for permission
to remain on. Molokai. The Territorial
authorities "are carefully scrutinizing the
records^of the petitioners and .will grant
the revests of those who are proved to
be of pod character^ ,
Prefer Life Among Lepers.
TOKlOt Julyt 13.— Marquis Ito has been
made president of the PrC/y Council/- for
merlf presided over J^y Maro^ls SalonjI,
•who loses no rank by the chap^e. This
new dignity . is considered . of great mo
mentum the present condition --or the dV>:}
lcmaiic .situation,^ as "it clears Marquis
Ito's way *?.o commanding ascendency in
the na.tlon.al counsels. .
' Cottnt Hatsukata and Marquis- Yama
gata have been»appolp*,ed members of the
Privy Council. «
; -The mair. point about- the elevation of
Marquis Mo is that It jlears his v.'^- to
the Prenliersh.lp.. Inclaenjally It com
poses the Cabinet difficulty and sOpvvi an
unbroken front to be presented" to -for
eign nation*",', but "there is a strong, belief
that it also heralds • the of the
Marqu'a to control the difficult - foreign
situation at any time neede*!. It ill be
lieved,that Ma'rauis Ito, who'has" the full
confidence cftfie Emperor, Is In favor of
conservative " nfeasures toward Russia,
and that he will ¦ exhaust -diplomatic
means of oWalnl^s a quid pro quo • In
Manchuria before resorting to hostilities.'
;Ho Is regarded as a "safe man" ln'a crl
tis. * '
Marquis Now in Line
fqr theCPremiership 0
of Japan.
The "Merced-Santa Fe Route . passes
Bowers Cave, New Inspiration and • Oh
My Points and'througli the Merced and
Tuolumne Big Tree Cfroves. The stage
passes through a tunnel. /cut in • the
"Dead,^ Giant" of the Tuolumne Grove.
It's the scenic way. Special low >rate
tickets, including all expenses • for a
five, seven or ten days' trip. All about
it at the Santa Fe, 641 Market st. ?
In One Way and Out 'Another Over
,- tlifl Double Loop of the
' kV - .(Tj Merced-Santa Fe. - . ©
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
WASHINGTON, July 30.— A cablegram
to .the State Department "from La Paz
says ¦ that President Pando ofCBollviaChas
returned from ,hls Aero expedition with
his _ staff, having left : 800 troops In • ttte
Acre" rcglon.,v>
An authorized Ijlography'isa^'s that ££
Seraphim's father was a pjous mercHUnj;
who bulli stone and brick ' duftcifes* tn
South Russia. *His» wfdow CQntjfnuetf-thi
work, and it is related that her'jittle. ton
accompanied her qp a toup.of *lnspedUpn
and fell from a great height to the* gr^nd"
without being hurt. The boy.tntered the
monast^fr of Tsarhoff when only I7*yeaia
old. : There he distinguished himself lhall,
religious exercises, even caiyying a gre^t
granite rock into his cell in order that his
knees, might not rest easily during his
long prayers. LaAerln life he spent Sf
teen years in slfent meditation, during
which time he Bid not leavq.hia hermit's
cell except when absolutely riecesaary.
When he resumed intercourse ifith- the
world all classes of people nocked to him
for. advice. * It is said thaUhe answered
questions be/jre they were pfet and letters
that he never' unsealed: that \ho revealed
the Inmost secreta^of the ht^irt and iorc
told future eventv*; Since his death many
millions of pilgrims have visited* his
9& Y e : \ ¦ g ;' ;# - ..
Leaves Troops in Acre District . ¦
The hermit Prokhor Moshnin died in 1833
at an advanced age. Belief in his sanctity
and miraculous intercession- .with heaven
seems to have been widespread during
his life and to have gr&wn steadily since
his demise. An inquiry waa.bgun in 1892
into the alleged miracles attributed to his
relics and sattefled the h'oly synod of ftielrv
verity. As a result "an act of canqntza-f
tlon under, the. name of .St. : Sera'ptitza was"
Issued on January 29, . which .dtite |was
addjgl V) the orthodox, cafendar/, '1 '* '•'
nOANOKE. XV. Va.. lulr 30.— Every Vbt&l
rn the Norfolk and Western Railroad system
»ae etorp«"1 for ten minute* to-dav during the
funeral at Philadelphia of F. 3. Kimbail, late
president of the Norfolk and Western.
Line From 3>6pan to Chile.
HONOI5ULU, |uly 24.— A steamship line
from .Jap*n to Chile and other Souri
Aro»rlcan countries on the Paclrtc may
*jon I5e est»hHshed Vith Honolulu as x
port of .call. A Japanese. commisJioner
has iust visited South America, looking
into the trade prospects, and he toys the
line is a certainty. "Chile Is regarded as a
good field Tor Japanese imrolsratiOR?.
The poptftatioTi ot Finland inclnde* *,
527.800 Rasslans. * s *
LAST TRIBUTE TO "LEO.
Third and Final Great Requiem Mass
Is Celebrated. '
: '¦: Tho ' picture - presented by , ' ; tho \ presence
of the Cardinals, in violet robes anfl : red
ROME, ; July e 30.— Tho last tribute .tvas
paid to the late : Pope Leo this moVrilrig
with the third great " requiem mass cele
brated In the Slstlne "¦ Chapel of the Vati
can and the function was no less cere
monious and % Iraposlng than ' the two
others. "'While there were,' perhaps, fewer
persons present, there was a greater dis
play of gorgeous uniforms. Of the" sixty
two ' Cardinals now" In ; Rome, . all attended
the";, mass « except Cretonl, : pre
fect.of.the Congregation of Sacred Relics,*
who* was HL*fijStfMSHHfifl9HS^S
The Mayor of Carplneto, the blrtlftilace
of Pope Leo, who proposed to erect with
local contributions a monument- to Leo
XIII on top of the Leplni MountHns. sur
rounding 1 the village of Garpeni to, finding
that his project whs checked by' {he large
.jimount of money required, intends to
make it an. international tribute to the
late Pontiff and will ask all countries to
joiri^in the movement. He sajB he ex
pects considerable ' contributions, , especial
ly from America. ,,,, - •
People are now recalling a prophecy
which, at the time it was made, produced
considerable talk among the superstitious,
• who held It to be an Indication ' of wKo
will be the next Pope— so . much so that
several large wagers were made In, favor
of the Cardinal Indicated by the prophecy
Many j, years ; ago ; the late Cardinal Par- 7
'occhi, who was not' then even .a Bishop,
one day met an old woman in the coun
try. She , was a 1 typical , witch in appear
ance and planted herself before Parocchl,
saying: ¦ ' ' r^ - ' .
"The ¦ Bishop ot* Santa Rufina. isljl be
the" next Pope." ' :':'^,. .^.^A
The wojpjian refusec|» to aay anything
more. Parocchi repeated, the, tale, which
gained added circulation wheh he^jvas ap
pointed ,to ; that see,';and before nrt death
he was considered to be : the; most likely
successor/ of "', Pope . Leo. : "When Parocchl
.was dying 'he repeated, the v old woman's
prophecy. ,- The famous Bishopric 'of Santa
Rufina .was afterward/, given to Cardinal
Seranno Vannutelli," and now Romans are
asking ' themselves, * "Will ¦- t he prophecy
come .true" after.' all?,; '
The representatives of ¦ France,' Austria,
Spain/; Prussia," ;' Portugal, ' Russia; Ba
varia and- Belgium accredited to* the Vati
can have Informed Cardinal Oreglia, dean
of '•: the Sacred 'College,;, that •? their. 1 respec
tive Governments ' have \ received j from I the
Italian Foreign Office most exhaustive as
surance : that ; all % the ' necessary j measTfrcs
have been /taken '. to insure ma terlal and
moral liberty" at the conclav* . , : . ,
, In the churches of .Rome to-day began
Ahe offering of prayers to the Holy Ghost
to assist and enlighten the Cardinals to
choo#e the right man to sit in the chair
of St. Peter. . . Cl '--I'
During the conclave the Blessed Sacra T
ment will be exposed ih several churches
for the special prayers of the faithful,
with the same object in view. '~ J^ v
WASHINGTON, July 30.— Secretary
Cortelypuvhas decided to select a limited
number of women from eligible" lists fur
nished fey the Civil Service Commission
for appointment *ls matrons in the immi
gration • service, to board incoming ves
sels ; and assist in the examination of
women passengers." -
capes, bordered with ermine, and escorted
by Noble. Guards In scarlet- uniforms, and
with drawn swords, the scene being soft
ened • by the clouds of incense ,and the
chapel resounding with, the strains of the
incomparable Sistine choir/ singing
"Libera Me Domlne," made those present
feel as though lifted into another world.
Women to Act as I&peetors.
Chamberlain adntatted that mucV re
mained to be done and salu that if It were
found (hat the work of pac'flcation was
prevented Jby irt«eccy!.-Uables *•• Govern
.teent would not hesit'ate to r-e its stronj
power to Report th^ mischief makers.
CJ—mberlain said -1,he greatest difficulty
was not the reconciliation of the Boers
and Britons, but the reconciliation of the
Boers with the Boers. The Secretary
called attention to the fact that the Boers
were leaking every effort to develop the
country .*m« were framing agricultural as
sociation, of which the chairmen i »
many cases were .*~>rmer leader? of the
Boer forces. .
LONDON. July 3O.-In vie House of
Coromonr, 1 to-day during the di?cus_»on of
the Jolomal Office vote, replying to a bit
ter attack on the Oovernment's policy
and Lord Mllner'a ' administration of
South Africa by -Markham (Liberal), In
the course of which he charged that af
fairs wes^e growing worse. Colonel Sec
retary Chamberlain defended at some
length" the administration of South Af
rica. -^ -.••' .' "-'.'"¦:¦",-
The hbly synod has Issued a statement
that it regards the "appearance of a new
mlracujous Intercessor as a renewal of
heaven'* blessing upon the government of
our most eAlted monarch, who labors
unceasingly for the weliare of the ortho
dox Russian people ana\embra«*s». < ln his
royal love and care all of his tree sub
jects of every class and condition."
Most .slaborate preparations have been
made for the celebration. All of the
pomp and magnificence of the Eastern
church, -with its most impressive and
elaborate ceremonies, its Imposing pro
cessions and its solemn liturgies, wiU a be
employed.
Thetnonastery which Is the scene *pt
the ceremonial Is a women's asylum, sev
eral miles from the village of Tsarhoff.
The attendance includes the imperial fam
ily and court, ?ith many officials and
multitudes of pilgrims.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 30.— The cere
monlerrat the monastery at Tsarhoff
promise to be interesting. The relics of
S£/ Seraphim will be exposed fo, adora
th>n afljf' five days of religious exercise.
These relics have been Installed in a **nlld
silver casket beneath a j>U>er baldachin.
The expense of the installation will be
borne «by the Emperor from his private
purse, and Nicholas II testified his interest
by writing the following original note on
the act of canonization: "Read with feel-
Ings* of genuine pleasure and deep emo
tion." . • . •
GIRARDEAU* Mo.t) Jul/30.-P,-«>v. J. L.
Alsworth^ pastor of ' the Presbyterian
'church of this cif,y, *fas drowned while
bathine: in the Mississippi River here to
day. Iv.s body has not- yet been recovered.
'He was 30 years old. : He is siy\*iVed.by
a widow an^two.chndren.
Ihrowned in the Mis(}ssippi.
Chain berlain Says Irre
concilables Will Be
Uep©rted.
Czar Bears All Expense
of Ceremonies at
* Tsarhoff.
At a meeting of the opposition Deputies
to-day,they resolved to continue their ob
structive tactics and declared tha^they
would' iave nothing 'to do with Premier
Hedervary. The resolution embodied an
address which it was decided to present
to the Emperor. The address announces
that there will be a continuance of the
obs^Mstlon- until the national demands,
whieh they claim were guaranteed In 1867
(the- date of the union of Hungary and
Austria), are granted. The meeting fur
ther resolved not to spare the offenders
at to-morrow's sitting of the Diet.
Government.
July 30.— The third ses
sion is' the lower house of the Hungarian
Diet yesterday (after two suspensions
due t(* disorder in the house) lasted until
this morning. At midnight the obstruc
tionists withdrew, singing the national
anthehr, and declaring that any further
sitting would be illegaU £j Wednesday's
session ended at midnight and Thurs
day's had not been called in due form.
The majority, after hav'ig cheered the
departing members, a<LJr*ed Premier
Hedervary^s motion, providing for the
reading of the Indemnity bill. The house
subsequently adjourned until Friday.
It is reported that the,. Public Prose
cutor has Instituted proceedings against
former Deputy Dienes, who was charged
by Deputy Zolmanpapp.vin the house yts
terday, with a)*empting to bribe him with
10,000 kroner in cash to desert his fellow
obstrcdonists and leave Budapest.
It if^announced that Count Ladislaus
Szapory, Governor of FiuJwe, has resigned
and wfJ appear before tW Parliamentary
commission which Is to Inquire into the
bribery charges. It is reported that he
supplied the money to bribe Deputy Zol
oman Tipu Count Szapory is a rich
Hungarian suga* magnate, and it is said
he endeavored to stop the tactics of the
obstructionists upon his own responsibil
ity a';d without the knowledge of the
; On Saturday afternoon, ,*<rhen King
Charles and the roial Princes will visit
the 'American warships, Adm.lr?! Cotton
will entertain the &lng and his party at
luiich* ; on on board the Brooklyn. High
court, military, naval and dvii officials
snd the foreign naval attaches will be
present. -.'...
The Portuguese newspapers are- fefer
i-ing approvingly to the speech made t»y
King Charles when he received Admiral
Cottori and the other American, officers
ar.d entertained them at the royal castle
at Cintra on Monday last. The King ex
pressed himself In such sympathetic terms
in regard to President Roosevelt and the
people of the United States that Minister
Bryan. Admiral Cotton ' and the other
Americans present were really affected
by his remarks. The papers are also men
tioning gratefully the speech 'elf^ered by
Admiral Cotton at the banquet on Tuea
diy night given in honor of the American
naval officers by the Ministry, of Marine
at the arsemu, at which all of the Cabi
net Ministers were present; His eulogistic
lefernces «o Portugal -are much appre
ciated by the press. v
* Favored 'by puperb- weather, the Amer
ican officers .continued their excursions
into the country to-day. The band- of the
Brooklyn played on the " public . square
hire *»nd was loudly applaudec. by an
enormous crowd.
LISBON. July 3d.— Rear Admirt. Cotton,
commanding the United States European
squadron, now in these watera, was pre
sented to-day to the Crown Prince, Louis
Fhilippt, and to the Infanta Manuel, sec
ond son of King Charles, who will ac
company the King when he visits the
Aiuerican warships. : ;^ .'^>:
King Praises the United States and
Admiral Cotton Replies
in Kind.
FELICITOUS EXCHANGES
PLEASING TO PORTUGUESE
NICHOLS PAYS
FOR PILGRIMAGE
MAY OUST BOERS
FROM THE RAND
Special Cable to The Call - and • New Tork
• Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the New lork
Herald Publishing Company.
VALPARAISO, Chile, July 30.-News
paRers here • express's gratification at the
information that^any Boer families are
coming to Chile as free immigrants. The
Boers have established a colony, where
enormous gold fields have just been dis
covered by them. Y. •)
Hidden Store Of Wealth Is Disclosed
at the Site of Their New ;"
Colony. >
BOERS ¦ DISCOVER : GOLD o
IN CHILEAN REPUBLIC
Obstructionists Pile Out
of- the tiower
House.
ITO GAINS POWER
IN MIKADO'S LAND
The military and </~dl, officials have nt>*
yet reported the number*, location and do
ings of tn9 rebels with- any degree of
exaitt&ss. FarmeW ve)*o nave arrived at
Victoria de laa Tunas; the center nft>j*
disturbed dlsfrlc*-, report that ti-ey ha>«
not Begp o any arr^d t.p)L
Up to thissiftern^on no further Inform*.*
tion had heeg received here from Ear*ern
Cuba. Tl§; rural guards <iave begun to
patrol both Hides oC 1 the <Cauto River in
search oU the rebels. *
Secretary of the Interior Yero says
there is no doubt that the authtnities 'rfill
be able to cope successfully with the sit
uation, a« all reports, he ad&, agree that
popular aertlment is with the Govern
ment of President Palma and that ti*o«
who have ri?en in rebellion mostly beloi^r
to the wanto^j, lazy class of Puerto Prin
cipe. * © . : . ,
men and »he capture of a fourth,
man, their leader, who had attempted to
cause an uprising in the vicinity of Bay
amo, province of Santiago, effecftally
ended the only semblance of a revolution
in Cuba, ¦ the rumors of disturbances in
Eastern Cuba were fully confirmed to
day in the Governments report;* received
from the Governor and other officials oi*
Santiago province. These are to the e»
feet .>hat since the right of Sunday last
sixty armed and mouni/jd men havegftp
peared outside villages in the Cauto
River district, proclaiming a involution
and demanding the payment of the former
members of the revolutionary army s No
Lets of violence have been reported,, but
the' inhabitants, of the Cauto region a*-}
excited. The leader oi ?) the revolutionary
party is named Pupo. J'e Is a brother of
me of the bandits killed o by the m(>l
guard on Tuesday. • * .
General Rodriguez, commander In rhie.'.*
of the rural guard, lias fcoA'ered t»Ve
mobilization of all of the rural guards in
Eastern Cuba and the governor of Sa'*»
tiago province has beea Instructed t( en
list as many volunteers as may be df^med
necessary to co-operate'with the mounted
troops. •.
*. •
HA.VANA, July 3C-— ~*i spite of«the
assertion made yesterday . by
Senor Yero, Secretary of the In
terior, that tfie killing of three
MINORITY QUITS
HUNGARIAN DIET
PRESIDENT : OP CUBA AND THE
COMMANDER OF THE RURAL
GUARD.
.; The Italia says that the "constitution",
left by Pope Leo to the conclave has
been distributed" among the Cardinals.
According to this authority It was writ
ten In .Latin In 1882 and recalls former
constitutions and % conclaves, ' esp^plally
that of Pius IX, and then complains of
the condition of the Holy See, "under hos
tile domination," and recommends the
quick election of a new Pope. It ad-:
vises the holding of .the conclave In Rome
unless the Sacre4"C6llege'gfeould not be
In the enjoyment v of .VfuH^llberty, and
recommends the maintenance of the^rights
of the Pontiff. It enjoins the election of
a new Pope, not according to the personal
pre£erences,i9f the Cardinals, but accord
ing to the dictation of their consciences,
inspired only by the welfare of . the
church. • ¦ - ¦'• ¦¦¦'¦_'" • ; ii / *»
During the meeting of the congregation
of the Cardinals to-day the Camerlingo
read an autograph' letter from Emperor
Francis Joseph of Austria, wh'.ch added
renewed condolences on the death of Leo
and expressed the hope that the Sacred
College would be Inspired by the great
Interests of the church in choosing his
successor. The letter produced a strong
impression and It was decided to answer
It with a pnecial message.
OUTLINES THE PROGRAMME.
Subsequently Cardinal Oreglia explained
how the work of the conclave 'was to be
carried on, .recalling tht:, principal rules
which were to govern the body and recom
mending their strict observance. He out
lined a programme for to-morrow, which
.will consist of mass to the Holy Ghost
:in the morning, together with ; the de
liverance of the oration pro pontifico
ellgendo. The Ordinals will enter the
enclave at 5 o'clock In the evening.
"'Each of the Cardinals to-day received
a medal struck by the Camerlingo, to
maintain the tradition of his sovereignty
during the interregnum. It Is Intended
to strike coins also for. all the conclavists
and servants whp are to be present.
Three Cardinals were charged with the
duty visiting the apartments of the
concl%e and two others with Visiting the
of the conclave for 'the purpose
of making sure that there will be no pos
sibility of communication with the outside
( Vforld. They are to make their report to
-ihe' congregation to-morrow. .
i^ The question of the compensation to be
given to the physicians who treated the
late Pontiff during his last illness was
discussed In the congregation. The ex
ecutors of the will . said that the money
'remaining after. the charitable bequests
left by Leo were paid would be only about
$4000. .'This* j sum * was , considered Insuf
ficient and a commission of Cardinals was
instructed to augment it io such an
amount as might seem approbate.
POPE LEO'S BECOMJEENDATIONY
It is said that Count Soderi, whose posi
tion at the Vatican is that of "bearer of
the golden rose," the greatest gift' which
a Pope can confer upon men of royal fam
ily, was entrusted by. Leo with the task
of writing the history of his pontificate,
the Pope enjoining upon him | the fat*
that he wished a true history and not a
eulogy. Count Soderi was supplied with
abundant documents for his work.
The noise was bo great that the colossal
figures of . Michael Angelo's "Lost Judg
ment" seemed almost to show surprise at
.the busy scene which was transforming
the beautiful chapel from a religious to
an almost electoral aspect.. . ' \
Outside the" Vatican the work was of a
different character— the quiet work of the
supporters of the several candidates mar
shaling their strength for the . contest
which'is to come when the doors of the
conclave are closed. : '($.''
CARDINALS VISITS THE CELLS.
* The Cardinals to-day visited the cells
which they are to occupy during the con
clave. It cannot be said that they re
turned very enthusiastic over the idea of
being confined, perhaps for some time in
what are ' rightly ¦_ termed "cells," whiqh
are without running water and necessary
ventilation. It was feared that the health
of some of the older and more feeble
Cardinals might suffer.
To-night experiments were made with
the kitchens, the working of which is con
sidered quite Important, as about 500 per
sons must be fed thrice daily for an in
definite period. The trials were quite suc
cessful. The revolving dumb'waiters also
were tested. They are characteristically
Roman and consist of shelves on which
things are placed and are made to re-
I volve, carrying things, in or ocft^but mak
ing it impossible for persons on either
slde'to see each other. v . : ; i
ROME, Jul^SO.^The Vatican to-day was
the scene of gTeat '"activity, both inside
and outside. In the Vatican preparations
were making for the conclave, and every
thing was in the utmost confusion. Work
men and servants were hurrying hither
and thither, some hanging curtains, oth
ers putting in extra furniture, while por
ters were staggering along under immense
trunks, as if some of the Cardinals ex
pected to remain in their cells for months.
Other Cardinals sent "practically nothing.
In the Sistine chapel work will go on
throughout the night. „ The catafalque
erected for the funeral services is being
pulled down, and the galleries which
were built" fcg -the accommodation of
especial personages, are being replaced by
stalls for t the Cardinals." These will be
ranged on' both sides and surmounted by
canopies, all In violet except that of the
camerlingo. Cardinal Oreglia, which -will
be green, as he is the only Cardinal of the
congregation who was created, under the
reign of Pius IX. / ¦'¦•:..¦¦ .
Princes of Church in Beadines3 to
Enter Seclusion That Will
Last Until Pope Is
. Chosen.
Camerlingo Oreglia Gives
Final Instructions to
College.
At Recess, where the King and Queen
stopped for luncheon to-day, an extraor
dinary incident occurred. A hooded wom
an approached the Queen with a petition
for the remission of the remainder of a
f=pntence of fIx months passed upon her
husband. Inquiries proved that the man's
character justified clemency, and the
Queen, with the King's permission, re
mitted the sentence on the spot. The
rurrounding crowd, learning what had
occurred, cheered wildly. '-*
For visiting the famous Connemara
marble quarries near Recess the local au
thorities provided a dilapidated, grimy
landau, with two jaded horses and a
"jarvey" of the usual class. It was
doubted whether their Majesties would
enter such an equipage, but to the de
light of the crowd of peasants and bare
footed women with red petticoats who
Jined the steep, muddy hill, the King,
tmiling at the singularity of the vehicle,
entered it without hesitation, the Queen,
Princess and the Earl of Dudley follow
ing him. .The "jarvey" was somewhat
nervous and the King asked a member
of his suite to mount the box beside him.
In a similar' vehicle were Lady Dudley
and other ladies of the Queen's suite. An
escort of "Connemara cavalry" completed
the procession.
The King and Queen took a train for
Gal way and arrived here late in the af
ternoon. They met with an enthusiastic
reception. The King was presented with
addresses by the District Council and
other bodies, to which he replied briefly,
lie then boarded the royal yacht, which
was lying in Galway Bay.
To-morrow the King and Queen will
take a train from Kenmare. near which
place they will be the guests of Lord
I-ansdowne. Secretary of state for For
eign Affairs, at his country seat, "Dir
reen," Count}' Kerry-
The royal party drove off in motors
through the beautiful lake and mountain
country, everywhere greeted loyally by
the inhabitants, many of whom journeyed
leagues across the mountains to catch a
sight of them.
The motor journey ended at Recess,
where the party had luncheon. The town
was decorated and the hotel was sur
rounded by a guard of honor of "(>nne
mara Cavalry." peasants from the sur
rounding country astride saddleless
mountain ponies and wearing "Jerry"
hats decorated with tri-color ribbons and
green rosettes.
I GALTTAT. Ireland. July 38.-Kln«r Ed
ward and Queen Alexandra continued, by
motor, their inspection to-day of some of
the. wildest and most picturesque regions
Cf Ireland. The start was made at 9
o'clock from the little town of Leenane,
on the shore of Killarney Bay, where the
Mayor, the local rector, the parish priests
end a deputation representing 20,000 In
habitants of the wild Connemara moun
tains presented an address. The Kin? in
xeplying paid he had already inspected
seme ot the cottace industries, and he
wished to assure the inhabitants that he
was jrrcatly pleased with the spirit of in
dustrial activity and the warm, hearty
welcome of the people, which he and the
Queen both would long remember. The
hearty tone of the King's epeech was re
ceived with even* evidence of apprecia
tion.
Royal Party Traver3O3 Beau
tiful Lake and Moon
a tain Country.
Cardinals - "Will Begin
"Their Conclave This
Evening.
"Connemara Cavalry" Is
Edward's Guard
of Honor.
All Rural Guards in the Eastern District of the
• Island Are Mobilized and Volunteers Called
For to Quell an Insurrection Against Pal ma
TIME NEARS
FOR NAMING
OF PONTIFF
IRISH PEASANTS
WELCOME KING
FORMER SOLDIERS OF CUBAN
ARMY PROCLAIM REVOLUTION
THE S A N FK A-K CISCO CALL, FRID A"S\ JUL Y • .3 1 , vV 1 903.
2
A*PVEBTISE]lCE2rr3.
Cha>., Keilus & Co:
E x ;c I u s i- y e,
High-Qrade C lo t h i er s
P* .NO BRANCH STORES. • . :
NO.A.GENTS. . ¦
Clever Construction
The Prominent Feature
In Early Fall * Fashions
Which Will Appeal
To the Smart pressers
A Few of the Models
Are ..Ready, to Look at
Ke a rny Street
T h urlow. B 1 o;c k
advebtiseScentS. : '-¦.
B^isaanaHiasa" 51 *"" 08 ""!
ONE BOHLC CUR3.|
I ILABDEH :CIIRE j
"H Certaltf add thorough cure Id P*ln« la g
H the smairof the. hack. irrttaJ'm of tho ¦
B bladcta. BrlKhf-'dlwas*. t««l« two- . ¦
i *t)l*a urine, brtck dust ¦.
! deocsit. bed wettln* "of chll«*en. BTrarel, jg
5 Ka»l stonv. thick.- turbid «»thy urtne. —
H dropsy, diabetes and rbeur*tlsm. < . "J
¦ . Send 25c tor Hve days' t,*»*meat an<l »
gl «;et relleMn Zft-minute*. I .,#,,¦
.2 KWn«v and Bladder Cu*«f* ** 50 g
3 Liver an&-31wod Purjlflet- .11*3 tg
|3. fob sa&s bt Ai.ii muoazsTs ¦
-M ETlt »onr dniKrtsf /o«» .not . keep ¦
HI "M«^urne?6 Kidney an^P)adder Cure. *¦
mi w*i"i send to any attdrt? t«x press prs- H
B • pi^d) on -ecelpt of prlc > ¦*, fy
w. P. ascBDoann sol* Mfr., B
B s 328 8.' Sprin&r St,li Anjolea, CaL jjj
iiHiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiu
/V ADVEBTISEMENTS. ¦> ,_^^^-^ '.
• :¦ , ' ., , ¦ ¦ . ¦¦¦ - . . :' - ;. ' ' ; ; ' . ' ¦" -s 'J
• *' . ¦ •/¦ .; ..--'¦ ¦' ". 0
• Smoke did the most of the damage. :, '^^\f
2 The fire wasn't large, but the lads.with the hose didn't take .particular care •
% where they pointed the nozzle. : , V\ . , •
• ' They wet things down considerably, but they put out the fire. They couldn't J
S put out the smoke— you can smell it- yet. y£^ ' '•
% Then it was up to the insurance They poked their noses through •
g the piles of clothing, sniffed the smoked goods, felt the wet ones, weighed the 2
• ashes of the burned ones. •
S - Then they made us a proposition. > •
g :;:¦; We came back at them and we talked it pver. -Treat them right, and the J
• adjusters aren't so bad. They left us the stock— what the^ fire did not get— and •
2 th p v told us to sell it. , •
| All to Be Sold in Two Weeks' Time I
2 . ;. Some of it is too badly burned for a tramp to wear. It's stacked up on the •
2 tables— we haven't had time to clean house— but we won't try to sell it. The bulk 3
• of our stock is nearly — not qiiife— as good as new. • J
2 . We didn't say this to the insurance adjusters. They paid us a smoke •
2 damage on it all. It does smell smoky a bit, but it won't when it has been out of ©
• the piles into the air for a- time. 2
• V': ¦-.; We are going to give the public more than the insurance companies gave us •
2 on this clothing. Where we were allowed a 20 per cent loss we will chop a third •
g off the selling price. Where the adjusters said a 30 per cent damage we^will cut 2
• right down through the center. >g J
| Only Two Weeks to'Get Every Piece of Smoked Goods Out of the Store |
2 ® THE PRICES WILL HAVE TO DO THE WORK. 2
2 ® Wfei^E MAKING PRJCES THAT ARE WILLING TO WORK. g
I J. J. CJILDE A & CQ- !
I' a796 Market St, Comer Grant Ave. " |t-WOODLAND, 4 Julyiao. — Robert A:
of Sacramento was- married. In this: city, at 1
o'clock . to-day ; to ails» Nellie ' Thorp , of ¦ Wood
lajKi. --:*lli^«l «JI lllMBwriaMMBMHBaitriaaBW*— I
Chases Stage-Driver With Dirk.
SANTA ROSA, July 30.— William Pope
was arrested by Deputy Constable W. J.
Orr Wednesday near the well-known Gey
sers resort on , a warrant charging him
with assault. with a deadly weapon. The
complaining witness is .Charles Vassar.
the driver of the stage which runs ' be
tween Cloverdale and the Geysers. The
warrant was sworn to before Justice of
the" Peace Lewis. Deputy Pool went to
the Gevsers this morning. ,
Vassar alleges that Pope chased him
around the Geysers grounds recently
with a large dirk knife. Pope is alleged
to have been intoxicated at the time, and
is said to have made threats of carving
Vassar later.' Pope In a rancher in the
vicinity of ; the Geysers, where he took up
a mountain claim some years ago. He id
a man of family.
• HONOLULU, July 30.— Harbor Pilot
Lorenzen j to-day . in \ the United States
Court filed a libel in 'the sum of i J5000
against the : steamer Claverlng, which ran
upon a .reef : outside of the harbor on . the
night 1 of ¦ July : 19." Lorenzen claims; that
his : services, rendered I at a' time when the
vessel was . ;: in ; peril, entitle him to the
amount ; named. VaSSgllgfcJi .'¦• > *
Files Libel 'Against Steamship.
V- William Combes, testified that at_lthe
time of ; the shooting , he saw, Marcum fall
and .' Jett ; afterward ; emerged ~ from"' the
Courthouse. A !,. •-,:'.
:: HezeklahV Combes, a ; new ' witness, .tes
tified : that he '. saw Jett ; and White - enter
C YNTHIANA*. j Kyi. July 30.— At to-day's
session', of : the Jett and White "trial,, S. S.'
Taulbee, clerk of County,: tes
tified --to having ', seen fall -'-. and
Ewen run ; away. Ewen : had "been -. talking
to Marcum before the shot was fired. : He
did \ not ; see Jett , in - the street, where*? the
prisoner claims to' have been at the time
of the shooting. * ; . .';
Witnesses Describe His
Mo vem ents on Day
of Murder.
JETT'S DEFENSE
IS PUNCTURED
ST. ' PETERSBURG, July 30.— Ten
striking, workmen were killed and eight
een wounded by a volley fired by troops
at Mikhailovo on the Tiflis-Batoum Rail
road, on: July 28. -The strikers attempted
to stop trains and. a detachment of forty
soldiers was summoned. ' The 'soldiers'
were greeted with a shower of atones and
some revolver shots. After repeated
warnings the troops were ordered to flrel
The street car service at Odessa Is sus
pended in consequence of a strike of driv
ers and conductors for higher, wages/ '
The commerce of Odessa Is seriously
hampered ' by the strike of dock laborers
and sailors ; belonging to' mercantile ves
sels. The Movement is extending to other
parts of the Black Sea, and It Is expected
to r extend to the. whole .Russian shore,
where ; numbers } of -vessels ;are - already
idle, owing to lack of cargoes. The , big
steamship companies are continuing their
services with the help of the Government,
which is providing: them temporarily with
sailors i from , the ; navy. .,.'
Rumors are current of agrarian rials at
Attack ,Upon Czar's Troops - Is
Answered With a Volley
of Bullets.
TEN STB1XERS KILLED
BY BUSSIAN SOLDIEKS
Rlzan and a number of outbreaks are re
ported from Minsk.
BAKU. July 30.— The flres In the exten
sive petroleum works at Balakhamy.
which are believed to have been of In
cendiary origin, are still raging. The
military are unable to cope with the
strikers. Matters are so threatening in
the Balakhamy that foreigners are flee
ing to the coast for safety.
the side ? door of the Courthouse. ', Soon
afterward he heard the shooting and saw
Ewen running away. .
Judge Black and Dr.' Hogg corroborated
Ewen and all others who ¦ testified that
Jett was not outside of the. Courthouse
when -the shot was fired; that he entered
the^ Courthouse before , the shooting and
came out of :he aide door after the shoot
ing. ' ".'.¦
Barney Schiff, a peddler, testified dur
ing the afternoon session that : he had
seen.Curtl8 go** into the courthouse a few
minutes before the killing of Marcum and
come^out immediately after the firlng^of
the two shots. .Schiff Is badly scared and
Is under ; the protection of the soldiers
across - the, river. '« Court 'adjourned until
to-morrow/
COURT SUBPENAS
WIFE OF KELLEY
Woman Must Testify in
Missouri Bribery
Oases.
ST. LOUIS, July 30.— A subpena was Is
sued by Circuit Attorney Folk - to-day
calling en Mrs. Blanche Kelley, wife of
Daniel J. Kelley, the legislative agent of
the baking powder; trust, 'who'. Is -now at
Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario, ' to appear
before the St. Louis Grand Jury on Aug
ust 6 as a witness. The subpena could
not be served, as Mrs. Kelley could not
be found.
Mrs. Kelley was served with a subpena
at Jefferson City as she was leaving .theVo
last night to appear before the Cole Coun-
ty Grand Jury as a witness on August 3. It
was supposed that she • had returned to
St. Louis, but she could not be found here
to-day.
JKFFERSON CITY, Mo., July 30.— The
case of State Senator William P. Sullivan
of Christian County, charged with having
solicited a bribe of $4300 in connection with
the baking powder legislation at the re
cent session of the Legislature, was called
to-day- before Judge H. C. Timmons of
Barton County. Judge Timmons was spe
cially appointed. because of the allegation
of prejudice of Judge Hazell.
The defense offered a plea in abatement,
setting forth that the defendant was In
dicted illegally because of the appearance'
of the Attorney General In the Grand
Jury room, together with Cosgrove and
Dunlop/ Grand Jury stenographers. After
a brief argument by the attorneys. Judge'
Timmons overruled a motion to sustain
the plea.
Then came a demurrer similar. to those
filed In the Smith and Farris cases. At
torney, Pope for the defense argued the
points of the demurrer at length.
', Judge Timmons overruled the demurrer.
The defendants noted exceptions to all ad
verse rulings preparatory to appealing, in
case of conviction. Judge Timraons; then
reset the case for August 19 owing to the
iUnss . of Morton Jourdan, , attorney for
the defendant ;5mMBBB8mB£BlBB&mXMM
"Now, that's a rather direct question.
Honaior Platt and I will work in harmony
for. the success of the Republican ticket.
All this talk of a. rupture between us is
rot true. We have minor differences of
opinion on come things, but our relations
are cot strained, all reports to the con
trary notwithstanding. We shall work to
gether la the coining campaign."
•'Who will be the Democratic nominee
for President, In your opinion?"
"Of course, that is hard to tell, but If
I were tP make a prediction, judging from
present Indications, I should say it would
be Judgt Alton B. Parker of New York-
He is cqming up stronger right along.
"tt'e htve only one campaign of conse
quence hi Nf w York this fall, and that is
in New .York City. I think there is lit
tle douoj that Seth Low will be renoml
nated fot Mayor and will - be re-elected.
He will ka\*e the support of the regular
Republican organization, as well as the
other elements which supported him be
fore. It bt a fusion, anti-Tammany
ticket and I think it will overcome the
regular D<mocr£tic majority. LoWs ad
minlstratioi is Increasing in popularity."
Senator Seed £moot was in the local
party whici entertained Governor Odell
In Salt Lalle to-cay. State officials and
personal fri«ids took the Governor and
his friends flr a 6wim in the Great Salt
Lake and enrrtalned them otherwise.
ft will be all for Roosevelt. He will get
the e.olid vote of the New Tork delega
tion in the rational convention and he
v.ill carry New York."
. 'IWill you or Senator Platt deliver the
delegation to him?"
' "How about HannaT' he was asked.
"I don't think he is to be considered."
the Goxerncr. "My opinion is that
rRocsevelt will be the Republican can
didate tor Pr«"5id«>nt in ISM," he paid. "In
S*-v> York we don't hear anybody else
considered."
Governor Odell reached Salt Lake yes
terday, oh his Western tour and consented
to- talk politics.
SALT LAKE. July SO. -Judge Alton B.
Parker and Theodore Roosevelt, both of
i.Ve,w Ycrk. will be the opposing candi
dates for President next year, in the opin
ion of Governor Benjamin B. Odell Jr. cf
New York.
Special Dltpitrh to The Ca!L
Believes Parker Will Be
the Opponent of
Roosevelt.
GOVERNOR ODELL
TALKS POLITICS
Try'fr EADVILLE. Pa.. July 30.— A. B.
MlAl U!i E soai £^nd chief engineer
I W \1 of the Brotherhood of Locorao
**• * H tive Engineers, -who died at 2:43
o'clock this morning. was
born la Pittsburg, March 20. 1S43.
His first railroad employment was with
the Atlantic and Great "Western Railroad,
when he was but 13 years old. After
twenty-four years of faithful service
Youngson was; In ISO, elected firs; assist
ant grand . chief engineer of the Brother
hood of Locomotive Engineers, succeed
ing to the position of grand chief engineer
on the death of Chief P. M. Arthur on
the 17th of the present month and holding
the position but thirteen, flays. His mal
ady was Blight's disease.
Youngson was a widower and Is sur
vived by three children. The funeral ser
vices will be held from the family resi
dence here on Friday afternoon.
¦While on his deathbed Youngson named
EL M. Shay of Youngs town. Ohio, as his
successor.
XTLEVELA2CD. Ohio. July 30.-A meet
ing of the grand officers of the Brother
hood of Locomotive Engineers will be held
within a few days to select a new grand
chrpf and assistant grand chief to suc
£eod P. M- Arthur and A- B. Youngson. .
The fact that Youngson. ju«t before his
«l*ath. nominated H. M. Shay of Youngs
ttawn u first assistant grand chief, will
have no effect, according to the author!-
Ifta. as the board cf grand officers had no
chance to confirm his nomination before
¦the death of the grand chief.
t — ¦•*•
Officers* of Engineers'
Brot-herhood May
Ignore Choice.
liATE CHIEF OF THE BROTH
. ERKOOD OF LOCOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY; JULY 31, 1903.
DYING CHIEP
SELECTS HIS
SUCCESSOR
3
If all goals were good and
all trade wee fair, Schilling's
Best and the Healing would be
no surprise. \
At yew gnccfti nnuViicli
•'• • ¦¦ ¦-"¦,¦¦•¦• ADVEBTISEMENTS.* ' '/ r ¦"' "¦ ' . ¦' /'-^ '¦'-¦¦¦ ¦ '?~':;.\ ~ ¦;
mm 111 if !p "The Reliance"
o \ sailor of fludlitv
Our July sale will close this coming Saturday night. . . Jt is a late fa » model for and comes in nan-
¦¦ //M£^&*? t- ,1 • - j. j 1 ji , i- • blue, roval blue, seal brown and the new cadet blue,
W»^^^<^^ remaining two days we have added new lines in some trimmed with neat rows of white, black and red silk
; departments and strengthened the values in others. ¦ , • braid; ages 3 to 12 years..
Below are mentioned business suits for men and school suits The price of these little suits is
, for bo^, and^hats and furnishings for both. : - -^
ji ''bhHH^BBPHt u can save money on any pur e * m^s3 • 3 U
ti • I if jSFzm^ Z ' Zl I Their P articuIar f eatur - is w***?' i0T the rcom-
o • % : fe BZ&$^SSk Vli Hi JBl AJ* I/Qcfc pare favorably' with manv sailer suits vou sce»about
¦ i-P-'-i *lili S If \\r u • • Af The sailors arc on exhibition in our Jirveriile De-
\^M0M^^^Mmm$ lM IT We have JUSt received trom pa rtment, and we will be pleased to these ne^v
\|/; _;.. ' .^wSfe '":h\l :¦;..:-. our workshops 1500 summer goods to all interested mothers.
l l^||^SBpfe.fc ? \ -^WwW^.- SjSffiSS Rnvc' <srh(\nl
¦ ij if } mh h i^fi. ouyb jtiiuui ouiia
% x \ '^^ ' -^ : C[5i each For sdiool wear : I-ate style Xorfolk and two-
\\- v;> Mfefo^^^^^vv^vl' ;V •''• ; r M- ""*^'4^^P piece suits, in nice dark mixed tweeds and Scotch
\ 1 IS-'L^ " They come in white duck, mixtures ; ages are from 6 to 15J the maker-to-
• ! 0^tiM$^^^0^ \ I ! W^ V W Pi^e and crash, also in linen wearer price is only ¦ %
• >V^€^^v^^M^^^rt H: \ \ ¦ $y\ striped pique; single-breast- *K
<\WHmWW^0^' " '^iWifl %\ f fMfii- ed, perfect fitting; our make; tTl/ja^ltl ''
& m W^M] ;] JlftS' washable; six detachable but- M^sJ«^V
;ii>|i ¦' S^S^^^-^"'V to sell for $1.50 and $2.00. '• ". * . y±
\''m$$$$l® : "^^few^-JIW 1^- v I > "Mother's Friend" shirt waists, made of the best
\ - 'jw ¦•..:•-¦.-¦ . t-ercale, two serjr.rate collars with each waist; to
's^^S^'M • /* 4 close out broken lots our 75c and $ i. oo waists go
V l^pKj^^^^^^: . Full 3ljlCb M^^^^^^l Boys' percale shirts, fast colors, regular $1.00
\\ •^%i^SL^^^^^~ J3^ - . -, , x *n m ti \ .'• 1 tfiv&SMym&Mem shirts, on sale for 50c
Vl\\lB@Si&/ &*B7c*ej* r*owe. As a dress hat our $2.^0 hat is equal r^. ',,.,,
WvVV^^' , aui u^ ,".. frtAnn %KM3(JB I iHK^fe^^ Boys' calico blouses, light and medium colors;
great number we sell. They come in BoW golf caps in hundreds of patterns.... 25c
¦*ixiiia ¦¦ the following styles: 7hree-to-One, xM "^S* R ' , , . . g -
v^gw^^^ • ran** 1 ourists, rrince neniys, uuniap •••-.•t-- : A- 1 ~ -¦ ,- ,^ ttsfa •^•••"•^y • ., . . . : *i >J j t-t i. * j j
'^^^^ r FH-r ~Ph H •V';"-^* ' '-¦ Children s straw sailor and yacht hats reduced to
II *r « (** * f*t .• j ,- Columbia's, in the most popular shades; *^^^fe% ;; i cV -' ' : as low as ? * ' ***** 5 °°
'fwlfftl C also the latest blocks in Derbies, in '^M^^V M$¥$
lUeil b Jdtti 43UI15 black, sea. brown, and russet. Price |»^^^3| "The Re1i a nce"-A of flUalitv
C* 1 IP A P -J A irt> fern d"^ V«9BB : -i88ffi!"--".*. •• ->HSfesV
Salp runs Satiirnav, S*) • . • •
If you want one of these sack suits, which we mmmr '^ mm ~ mmmmmmmmmmm^ mmmmmmmmmmmmmm mmmmmmm — m — T mmmmmmmm ' m ~~ mmm^~T~ imm ~~ mm^ m '
have been selling for $7.85, you must buy before "™™~"™"™™ l ™ lll ™ > ™"" -——¦¦-¦—¦¦¦-¦—¦— -—- HBBMB-BaBM.^ BBai>B " ——¦—¦——¦¦ J^^j^^^^^^^^S.
Saturday night. The suits were specially reduced Ikjf # ~ ~. dT^k g\ + \4r £* -^fe^^^SS 5^^^\
for our July Saving Sale. l¥l3.(J €= tO =\J lU Q 1
Some of the suits are right from the workshops "t,. , • . ,, . r .. , ,, .. , - / '^^^Sl^^JB^ I reJaPIr
, . , , ,, - r. • , 1 he man who is at all anxious ior a new suit should see the samples of our $10.00 / a^^l^S^^^^H^^
and were intended to sell lor $10.00. Others in the , •, 4 , .„ • ,• , • W1 , / /7 7/^^S^l^»?
, . , " „. made-to-measure suits; thev will overcome any prejudice he might have against a made- / // '//iA^S^/vS.3
assortment have been for a month or so se hnjr in , ¦ , , .... ., , • r • , . / // '//LA^S^ * £i
to to-order suit for so low a price : in looking them over he can pick out a pleasing pattern ; / // J-t^^^^^^M\
in the store at v 10.00. .^ o tha| . thc cJoth Js aH woq1 and fuUy worth th( , prjce; furthermore; he wiH / //
To offer a suit that will bring buyers who other- get in touch with our made-to-ordcr department, which is a money-saving means on the / A^ Mh^^^^^^^^^X
wise might not purchase now we have reduced the clothes question. " " /^J/' W^^^^^^^^\
5UU5 _ to You are fully protected in every purchase. Your money's worth or your money >^' =::^ :::::::^^^ == =g^Sj^^^^S^^^^^ \
H f^Sk Wouldn't you like to see the goods and place a trial order? You run no risk what-
T . "•IK j ¦ Our prices for made to measure suits range from " f^^^^^^^i§[
cheviots, in dark and light shades, and also in single £t> fl /~\ A -, rf* F* *^^^^^^^^^^^
and double breasted cheviots in the solid colors of &TO I \ y ttIC w ftT$&w'£P ' & |B
The garments are the latest cut with broad O ,<t-of -tow. orders for maddo-order clothing filled satisfactory' fit assured : /^^fc^
shoulders and outside breast-pocket; well lined with th rough our sclf-measurb, R sysle,n—.n-i,c for samples. ' . . mf$M %%!
jtockI quality iarmer satin; sizes 34 to 42. ; . *$j$3!m wsSw*
Money refunded to customers not pleased with Mail orders filled— write for illustrated catalogue. ffmjzll «|^^S
i; "r- . . , j ,. . . The only firm manufacturing all their ?ncrfs, youths' and boys'* clothing- and >&fa£ »s£*lb
What remain 01 our broken lines in $12.50 covert JJ retailing direct to wearer ; £&£
top coats in olive and brown shades will go at.$7.85 ¦ <_ A r\ «« « '¦ j V-» j " '-"^-
• J 740 Market Street • - •Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
Woman Reports
That Convicts
Came at Night
in California to show that posses .ever fol
lowed the robbers over this trail. Once
on the trail, the desperadoes of the early
days were safe from capture and the
murderers who escaped from Folsom last
Monday are now believed to be on that
trail and are likely to be safely In the.
Rubicon country by to-morrow:
That aid and information are being
given to the escaped convicts Is quite
certain from information given to The
Call correspondent here to-day. Lou Kitt
ler, a man about 35 years of age, who has
served many county jail terms, was in
Placerville last Tuesday evening. He -was
seen by a man who is very friendly to
him. He asked this man where he could
get some opium In Placerville. The man
from whom he sought the information
told him that It could be purchased in
the local Chinese quarters. Kittler went
to that quarter and purchased a quantity
of opium from Chinese living Ahere. Kitt
ler told his friend not to tell any one that
he had been near Chinatown. " %
July 30.— The ¦ State De
partment; to-day Issued - papers for the ex-^
tradition i of Edwin F. f, Mastersori. . : now
under; arrest ¦ in I* Luneu, ?, Schleswig-Hol-^
stein ,' ¦• on ; a I charge " of . forgery /alleged ? to
have 'been committed in Los Angeles; CaL
decision of a mixed court By some means
or other Woods was never, tried again
and returned to America. It is said "he
participated In many encounters, leading
the Filipinos, and is thoroughly familiar
with the tactics of guerrilla warfare.'
IMPERIAL, July 30.— A mystery has
developed at the abandoned Carlssa' Creek
oil well, . twenty-five v miles west of Impe
rial, one of the least frequented > spots of
the Colorado . desert. Persons returning
from there say . they saw a grave three
hundred feet. from the well,- on which a
headboard had been placed bearing the
words "Horse Thief Killed, May Second."
An old man. whose name is not known
and who has been staying at , the well
some months, was not to be found. The
grave was not opened and no investiga
tion has been made.
Desert -Grave Hides Mystery.
mTEVADA CITY, July 30.—
IT William Green, a cowboy,
arrived here this 3 morning and
reports having seen two heavily
armed men between what is
known as Yankee 'Jim's and the
North Fork 'of -the American
River in Placer County,, seven
miles from Colfax. Green talked
to the fellows for . ten minutes,
and in the Sheriff's office at noon
he positively identified .the pho
tographs of Ed Da^vis and Jo
seph Murphy as the men he met.
Each had two revolvers, one
rifle and a belt filled with cart
ridges. = -;•¦; They were dressed t\ ifi
overalls and plain shirts, carrying
their" coats under 'their arms.
Green'' came upon them in an
out-of-the-way path, * and I the
smaller man greeted . him-*
mnimiMM* iTTi minim* iiTI w- .*vyaaH* i *T»»v***%*»K«w»#Fffi:S**ift «• r*f!-JiS,
PLACERVILLE, July 30.—
A report was received late
to-night from Annable's ranch,
which is at -Granite Hill, and^a
few miles south of Xotus and
Coloma, that three men called at
the ranch for water— one went
into the house; the other two stay
ing out on the road. They then
asked tHe road to Coloma, when
hearing, several shots fired- in' the
neighborhood they quickly disap
peared. '
While the: trio 1 may .have been
'a shooting party from Placerville
which went out in that- direction
yet the fact may be otherwise, for
many reports i ndicate • that there
may* be some of the convicts south
of Lotus and Coloma and north af
-Webber Greek. '
Cowboy Chats
With Convicts
on the Road
Ranch Visitors
Disappear at
Sound of Guns
FOLSOM, July SO.-Chief Clerk Brain
ard F. Smit|i of the State •prison to
day in discussing the Chances of
capturing the escaped convicts remarked
that it looks as if it would be a long hunt,
with the refugees having ah the advan
tage on their side at the outset at least.
An officer Just from the front explains
that in the. vicinity 'of Lotus and in the
country round about there are a great
many small mountain ranches and nearly
all of them have fruit orchards and little
garden patches. The convicts by raiding
these at night might be able to get
enough raw fruit and vegetables to sus
tain life for some time, even if they had
not other food supply. In this way they
could^take it easy and .wait for the trail
ers to «row weary of the search and
leave the neighborhood, after which the
convicts could make their way out of the
country at their leisure...
The man hunters are very much worn
already because of the strenuous life they
have been leading. It will soon be a ne
cessity for those In command to reduce
the work to a system, as human endur
ance will not stand the strain that some
of the men have been putting on them
selves.
CHASE MAY BE LONG
AND ARDUOUS IN THE
BRUSH-COVERED HILLS
alone and she said* that all her
family was in the house. The
men were dressed in ixry rough
clothes. One had on a pair of
overalls and jumper;the other
had no .coat/ only a dark vest
and dark trousers. They were
both very nervous and Mrs.
Stronach is positive that the men
belonged to the convict band
from Folsom.
The fellows, according to
Green, weighed between 150 and
J.60 pounds. Each was smooth
shaven, with hair cut .short. One
was about 45 and the other 24
years of age. Learning that
Green was not an officer, the
convicts allowed him to go.
Constable McLeary of Colfax
notified the people of that sec
tion.
"Hello; pard; how fair is Col
fax?" .
Green replied seven miles.
"Guess we won't go there,"
remarked the men. --: ¦
MOUNTAINS AFFORD
("-j; PLACES OF REFUGE
FOR THE CONVICTS
A UBURN, July 3O.-If Sheriff Con
£^ roy's theory that the convicts
would make for Lake Tahoe is
correct, they have had a free field to
operate 1 in; as there are no officers ahead
of them. Once in the dense Sierra Ne
vadas they .wIH'do free from molestation
from the officers/with plenty of fish and
game V at . hand. There are also many
camping parties and many inhabited
cabins near the lake at this time of the
year where the convicts could get plenty
of flour and bacon, passing themselves off
as campers also. This', could .be .carried
on for weeks before the outside worla
would know of it.
CAMP OF CONVICTS
IS FOUND IN WOODS .
• NEAR TOWN OF LOTUS
INSANE MAN WOULD
EAT BRICK BUILDINGS
AUBURN, July 30.— A late report to
night is that a citizen of Lotus went
out this afternoon and found a camp
where the convicts had been cooking In
the woods two miles, above Lotus. The
same report states that three men called
at a farmer's house In that locality for
drinking water this morning. Officers here
have started for that point.
Fire broke out shortly after 1. o'clock
this morning in the tenement house
at 273 Stevenson street, and be
fore the department arrived on the
scene more than a dozen families had
been left temporarily homeless. Many
men, women and children had narrow es
capes, and several were rescued by the
police.
The fire started In the rear of 273 Ste
venson street, and was caused by the up
setting of a lamp. Before the alarm waa
turned in the flames had spread: to the
adjoining house at 273 Stevenson street,
and for a time it looked as it the entire
block would be destroyed^
An alarm was turned In from box 62
and responses were prompt. The fire
fighters did their work well and" in- fifteen
minutes the flames were" under control
and the remainder of the block was
saved. 7?J ,5
The twelve or more families that occu
pied apartments in the two tenements
had rather a lively experience. Many
were bewildered and ran in a dazed way
through the houses. The policemen ami
firemen went quickly to the rescue, and it
was their prompt action that saved sev
eral lives.
The tenements were both slight frame
structures and in a decayed state. They
were owned by the Hellman syndicate
and were fully covered by insurance. The
loss to the occupants of the places will
be slight, as nothing of much value was
in either of the houses. . •¦ r ISSpM!
John Martin, an aged fencing teacher,
whose place of employment is at 103
O'Farrell street, was the only on* Injured
fn the fire. He was awakened .by the
noise in. the street and before he could be
rescued his hands and face were badly
scorched by 1 the flames.. He was treated
at the Emergency Hospital.
Cow Starts a Fire.
A cow belonging to W." C." Allen, a
dairyman at Forty-eighth avenue and H
street, started a fire early festerday
morning, which completely destroyed Al
len's barn. Allen was milking ter, when
she suddenly upset a lamp. Alien waa
burned about the face and han^s and was
treated at the Park Hospital, f*
TO M AXE ANALYSES OF
IMPORTED FOOD PRODUCTS
Agricultural Department Takes First
Action Under the . Act of
July 2, 1902.
WASHINGTON, July 30.— The Agricul
tural Department to-day took . Its first
action -under the pure food act of July 2,
1902, \by requesting permission of the- Sec
retary of the department to. take samples
and • make chemical analyses- of certain
food products . shipped to '.this country
from v abroad. ; The permission asked for
has been granted and an official examina
tion of these products will be made to de
termine whether their use is deleterious
to health. An inquiry will also be made
to determine as f to' whether • their ' use is
prohibited j in I the . country of their origin.
In : either, of these, contingencies their en
try into this, country will be prohibited. "
Strikes Employer With a Hammer.
Frank Gold, a carpenter ehployed on
a new building In course of ions true t ion
on TwentletfT avenue south/ struck his
employer, Ernest Boden, wlu a hammer.
Gold was arrested and changed with as
sault with a deadly weapon. The men
quarreled over wages.
Shaken by an - Earthquake.
SAN .-;, BERNARDINO. July 30.— The
heaviest 'earthquake that has jarred this
valley since 1898 was ' experienced at 9
o'clock s. this ? evening. V A '¦ sixteen-foot dial
in I the Courthouse clock,' measuring - more
than an inch In thickness,, was broken. A
piece'of cornice work was shaken off and
fell to i the sidewalk. Several brick walls'
were cracked: ' ¦- ," • - : < ¦>'."¦'
John Short, a Crazy Would
Destroy Houses to Appease
His- Hunger.
John Short, a .sailor, imagined that
b'rlck9 were as much articles of diet as
loaves ol bread, and -as a result he was
placed in the Insane ward of the Receiv
ing Hospital last night. Policemen Hen
neberry and Dowd took him, after a
struggle, from the Mariners' Home, VH
Davis street.
Short became violently Insane early in
the evening. He announced ; that he
would tear down all the brick buildings
in' town and eat them up. 'Accordingly
he battered buildings rwith a club and.
picking up fragments: of bricks, tried to
consume them. Then he gathered up an
armful of building material and started
for his room.
Meantime the police at the Harbor sta
tion had beennotified and the two arrest
ing, officers were sent In the patrol wagon
to Davis street- When they arrived Short
had barricaded his room, ; arid defied the
policemen to enter. The^door was bat
tered down In short order, and after a
short struggle the demented man was
started in the direction of the hospital.
•' In the . room Henneberry and Dowd
found about a dozen bricks, all of which
had beennlbbbled at. Short has been in
town but a f%w days. He has only chance
acquaintances and these: know but little
concerning him. He will be taken before
the Insanity Commission to-day. '
Eebel Cork's Annusl Picnic.
The annual picnic and oning under tha
auspices of the Rebel Cfk Society will
rake place next Sunday it Shell Mound
Park, near Berkeley.^ Tfere will be all
kinds of games and atttetic events and
many valuable prizes wJl be distributed.
Charged Witrh Embezzlement.
Norma Woods, a wfl-dresaed'.woman,
was arrested late last tight on a warrant
sworn to by John Florjchargins her .with
embezzlement. Flora piarges the woman
with getting a ring I am him under false
pretenses. 1 /
v. .TIENTSIN, 1 July ; 30.— The Viceroy - of - the
province of Chili lias held a scries of military
councils. It la said, to decide upon ; the policy
to J , be adopted ' In • the " event ' Russia ¦should de
mand • China's assistance . against ¦ Japan.- - It is
reported ! that , Russian enlistment < of Chinese in
Manchuria is in progress, v --^S^lSSSBmaSa
COBB, O. T.. July 30.— Ftr« •tarttd . . this
Afternoon In Hobart. O. T.. in a saloon on the
eouth eldft of the aquar* and Is still burnln*.
Four blocks hav«, already be#n destroyed, in
cluding thb WellB-Firgo express ofnc«. th«
City -National Bank and several tarr* stores.
The loss will reach $200,000. afySg
-¦¦¦--: . V . . - ' ••.- ¦ :-'-...
RESIDENT OF SACRAMENTO COUNTY j AT WHOSE HOUSE "RED
SHIRT" GORDON, ONE OF THE FOLSOM CONVICTS, CALLED, AND
. OFFICERS WHO ARE IDENTIFIED WITH THE OUTBREAK STORY.
Policemen Hurry Fright
ened Persons From
Burning House.
J. W. Woods, the leader of the convict
band, is said by the prisoners here. to have
been a soldier with the United States reg
ulars in the Philippines. According to
their story he deserted from the Federal
troops and Joined the Filipinos.* He was
quite a hero among the convicts, who say
he was once surrounded by a detachment
of troops and managed to break through
their lines at night and. gathering a force
of Filipinos, captured those who had a
short time before had him in Jeopardy.
He took the United States soldiers pris
oners and had them shot to death.
Later Woods was captured and was
tried by a mixed court-martial on a
charge of desertion and aiding the enemy.
He was convicted and the findings of the
court-martial eent to Washington. The
Secretary of War disapproved of. the flnd
ag» for the reason that .Woods was tried
jy a mixed court-martial and that - he
jculd not be held, being a regular, by the
"The newspapers have been keen to
criticize my father, but not one of them
have said a word about his bravery. Af
ter the convicts had been driven back
into the prison they commenced to yell
and shout at the top of their voices and
soon began beating, on the walls separat
ing the prison from our quarters. We
were warned to go out the front way and
drive out of the ground* in case by any
chance the demons should succeed in
finding a weak spot and through it force
their way out. v Mjr lady friend and 1
drove over the Bill and down Into the
valley with the cries of those men ring-
Ing in our ears. We were soon Informed
that father had gone into the prison. I
could still hear the cries of the men and
knew that father would not hesitate to
go among. them.".
WOODS WAS A SOLDIER.
In epeaklng of the incident Miss An
toinette Wilkinson, daughter of the War
den, said to a Bee reporter this morning:
It has just been learned that Warden
Wilkinson, immediately after his return
to the prison, upon being released by his
captors last Monday morning, went Inside
the prison and ordered the 800 convicts
back into their cells. Wilkinson was un
armed and entered the prison alone. The
800 convicts were shouting and jeering In
demoniac glee over the successful out
come of the break and when Wilkinson
came among them they surrounded him.
He ordered them to return to their cells.
Some of them obeyed on the Instant, while
others hung back and sulkily sought their
quarters. Several openly expressed their
eatisfactlon at his safa return.
ACT OF THE WARDEN".
The prisoners were given the mid-day
meal in close confinement— a treatment
which they did not relish. After dinner
they quieted down and made no disturb
ance the rest of the day. They were let
out In Email squads for supper, and this
morning the entire 800 were seated at the
table at once. They made no demonstra
tion whatever and adjourned quietly to
their oells. It will be several days, how
ever, before they are let out to their
work. +> / -;.'.
A te!erhone message has been received
at the prison from the Varden's nephew
Flatting that the posses had four of the
convicts surrounded in Webber Creek and
that he had gone to Auburn for reinforce
ments.
For the first time eince the brfak oc
curred the prisoners were allowed to meet
in the dinig-room of the prison at once
this morning. Since Monday morning
the convicts have been led out into the
dining-room, ninety at a time, for their
meals. Yesterday they were given dinner
in their cells, owing to the fact that they
had been very restless all morning. They
kept up a shouting and yelling and it was
deemed best to keep them in their cells.
After telling the way to different
points the men started toward Placer
ville, but had gone but a short distance
when they turned back and started to
ward Pilot Hill.
This afternoon Guard Scavey telephoned
to the prison and gave the authorities
eome hope that the posses were near the
fugitives and would possibly capture
some of them. Seavey etated that about
19 o'clock last night three men appeared
at the home of Mrs. Stronahe and in
quired of her the direction to various
places. Mrs. Stronahe was alone with her
mother at the time. She noticed that one
of the men had a rifle and another a re
volver.
from the poeses or militia search
ing for the murderous convicts. Commu
nications received from Auburn, Butch
ers Ranch and Georgetown are mere con
jectures and the authorities here are as
much In the dark as to the whereabouts
of the missing convicts as ever.
Some of the posses are inclined to think
that the convicts have doubled back on
their trail, while others think that they
have passed around Georgetown and are
on their way to Lake Tahoe. One thing
is certain: If they are not securing aid
from outside sources they cannot hold out
much longer in the country where they
are now supposed to be.
Deputy Sheriff Timothy B. Hafcerty of
Sacramento and Deputy Constable Henry
Dakln of Perkins have arrived from the
vicinity where all the posses are located
and report that nothing has been seen of
the fugitives since the skirmish at Pilot
Hill Monday evening. Hagerty stated
that it eccms as though the earth opened
and closed on them, so mysteriously have
they disappeared.
REPORT FROM SEAVEY.
FOLSOM. July 30.— Thl» has been an
other day of expectation and won
dering at the FolBom Prison.
Nothing definite has been received
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Harry. Gray of Lincoln came into Au
burn to-night from Greenwood Creek. He
asserts positively that he and others ran
across the escaping convicts about two
miles north of Lotus Wednesday night.
Gray says that over twenty shots were
exchanged.
A party of militia heard some one
crashing through the brush in Black Rock
Canyon, and pursued an unknown man
for several miles on the run, but never
caught sight of him after climbing the
rocks to Greenwood Creek.
Militiamen In camp ldst night .spied an
object moving in the darkness. The call
to halt was not heeded and the outpost
blazed away. The suspicious character
proved to be a hog and was shot full of
holes. With so many men engaged in the
pursuit and working independently it 13
generally feared that there may be a
tragedy resulting from ah unexpected
meeting of posses. Nine men out of ten
could not tell the convicts from the pur
suers.
VOLLEY FOR THE HOG.
A rancher named Jackson met the Swls
ler outfit on the road to Greenwood at 8
a. ¦ m. and reported that an armed man
had ridden with him for several miles
and had gone into the brush at Penobscot,
a village half way between Cool and
Greenwood. The pursuers found the trail
and followed It for several hours, when it
disappeared in a beaten ''path.
Jerry Porter, who lives on a lonely
ranch three miles from Cool, reported at
noon that three armed men were in his
barn at sundown last night. He thought
they were convicts and did not speak for
fear, and they. said nothing to him, al
though he was only a few feet from
them. Porter left the barn hurriedly,
and the men went through the rear of the
barn and took to the timber. A Sheriffs
posse went in the direction supposed to
have been taken by the convicts.
Shots were heard in Greenwood in the
early morning. More shooting was re
ported from Webber Creek. Tennessee
farm, a chaparral-covered ranch near
Cool, was thought to shelter a band of
convicts, but a thorough patrol resulted
in establishing the fact that the convicts
have been in this neighborhood, and noth
ing more.
STORIES. OF. RANCHERS.
COOL, via Auburn, July 30.— The
fourth day of the hunt In this dis
trict was productive of a doten
promising rumors, but barren of di
rect results. It is known that a
portion of the gang of desperadoes was in
the trianele formed by the roads from
Cool to Lotus and to Greenwood. Four of
the convicts are declared to have been
seen within a few mllqsof Pilot Hill, where
the fight tbok place, since sundown yes
terday. Several posses took various leads,
but returned after a fruitless chase. The
heat has been intense. all day and the pur
suers are almost completely exhausted.
One hundred men spent the night in Cool,
guarding the crossroads in the vicinity.
The moon did not set until after midnight
and the convicts had every • chance to
travel early this morning. j
The man-hunters arranged a campaign
for to-day. J. C. Collins, Walter". Jack
son and Al Valier and Captain Swlsler.
with seventeen militiamen, started for
Greenwood. Sheriff Keena and posse of
Placer County struck out for Auburn;
Charles Jolly, with some Folsom prison
guards, headed for Black Rock Canyon,
above Greenwood Creek, and Sheriff Bos
quit of El Dorado County, with a dozen
followers, made for the South Fork of
the American River, over the hills to the
southeast of Cooir Independent bodies of
riflemen moved in various other direc
tions. Four .detachments of militia left
Hawks Camp, three miles from Dlehl's
grocery.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
FIRE ENDANGERS
LIVES OF MANY
The District Attorney said that he would
begin proceedings against Myers and
Laverone at once and thought that any
fair-minded jury would render a verdict
of murder. "<*;**; *:"•'£>>*'•
Convict Andy Myers was called to tha
stand in his own behalf and Bald that it
was false about his being in the fight
in front of the gate, as he was across tho
yard near the chapel when the fight
started. He said that he could prove an
alibi and when asked what witnesses he
had he mentioned the names of "Spike"
Sullivan. "Red Shirt" Murphy and sev
eral others. When these prisoners were
called and examined they all said that
they did not see Myers near the chapel
nor had they been near him at all.
Seymour then took up the investigation
oC-I. G. Smalley, one of the convicts on
the ranch, who was suspected of belns;
the man who had the dynamite Inside the
yard, but after Investigating closely and
noting his past reconl as a prisoner and
as ne only had a short time to serve, they
decided to give him the benefit of tho
doubt. However, the inquiry in this di
rection Is not ended.
livery ' Monday. A great number
of convicts were examined and when the
investigation closed this afternoon the
District Attorney said that he nad abund
ance cf evidence to convict Andy Myers
and William Laveronc of murder In the
first degree with the penalty of death.
FOLSOM, July SO.— District Attor-»
ney A. M. Seymour to-day con
tinued the Investigation info tha
plot of the disastrous jail de-
Special Dispatch to The Call
The knives which the ringleaders held
over the officers and free men never came
into their possession until Sunday, Cap
tain Murphy believes. All the cells were
searched Saturday and the convicts had
no weapons about their clothing then.
They were let out for a short time Sun
day and then secured the knives and
razons, which must have been planted
about the prison yard. Murphy said this
could be easily done. Opium had been
secreted in the prison yard and where
opium can be "cached" a knife or razor
can be hidden, he argued. Some of the
convicts were in the quarry Sunday, and
it is possible some of thejm could have
brought the knives into the prison, but
Murphy does not believe .they did. There
were only a few convicts In the quarry—
the gang known at the prison as the "rig
gers."
Later on the ringleaders would take; the
plot up again, having in the meantime
"weeded out" the other convicts of whom
they were suspicious of having revealed
their plans. Probably the second scheme
would be thwarted, but eventually they
would secure a dozen men who would
"stick" and the break would occur.
The fact that the notorious train robber
and outlaw, "Jack" Brady, who is serv
ing a life sentence from Sacramento
County, was not In the conspiracy has oc
casioned much comment and speculation.
Captain Murphy said the convicts told
him while they were marching him across
the prison farm that they did not want
any "notoriety" men with them and for
that reason had not approached Brady or
any of the convicts who as free men be
came notorious by reason of their mis
deeds. Brady works in the lower yard
gang and had gone to his work when the
mutiny began.
Murphy said that the ringleaders never
contemplated taking the negro, Seavls, or
J. J. Allison, who was killed in the fight
with the posse last Monday night, with
them. They were near the chapel when
the break occurred and as the escapes
swept across the prison yard with the
officers they grasped the situation and
ran to join their fellow, convicts in the
flight for freedom. The escaping convicts
told Soavis they did not want him, but he
insisted upon going along. *
KNIVES WERE CACHED.
METHODS OF PLOTTERS.
In speaking: of thf break Murphy said
to-day that he did not believe more than
two or three men at the most, in addi
tion to those who succeeded in making:
their escape, had a hand in the' plot. He
said that usually a few men would evolve
a scheme of .this, kind and quietly pass
the word along: to a few more. One or
two of the number would be sure to let
the prison authorities know what was
going on. When the ringleaders would
see the officers were on the alert they
would know their secret had been
divulged and they would then temporarily
abandon the plot.
FOLSOM. July SO.— Captain of the
Guard R. J. Murphy Is of the opin
ion that while the plot to break Jail.
eo successfully carried ,out last
Monday, had probably been hatch
ing for several months, It was not def
initely decided to make the dash for lib
erty until a few minutes before it oc
curred. The Fame coup had been planned
for the Fourth of July, but Captain Mur
phy was advised of it and thwarted it in
Its incipiency. Practically the same pris
oners planned It then.
Shots Are Heard in the Thick Woods,
but. the Posses Fail to
Locate Quarry.
der Guard.
Prisoners Are Allowed to. Enter the
Dining Room in a Body Un-
Myers and Laverons Will Be; Charged
. With Having Taken Part in
Jail Break.
Ringleaders Suddenly Saw a Chance
and. Desperately Carried Out
i the Plan.- '
Imaginative Residents, ol
El Dorado Farnisb
Many Alarms, jj
Many Conflicting Rumors
Are Received at the
Penitentiary.
Captain Murphy Believes
the Plot Was a Few
Months Old.
Investigation Sets Forth
Facts Regarding the
Conspiracy.
Sacramento Attorney
Accuses. Men in
Folsom. ;
Folsom Authorities
Await Battle
Tidings.
Sheriffs and Troops
Make Fruitless •
Chases.
Attack Was Made on
Decision of a
Moment.
OFFICIALS
ARE EAGER
FOR NEWS
JAIL BREAK
AN AFFAIR
OF IMPULSE
PURSUERS
KEPT BUSY
BY RUMORS
PRISONERS
IN THE PLOT
MAY HANG
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, FRIDAY, JULY: 31, 1903.
SERENITY IS AGAIN RESTORED IN THE PENITENTIARY AT FOLSOM;
DISTRICT ATTORNEY OBTAINS MORE FACTS CONCERNING CONSPIRACY
Continued From Pag© 1, Column 6.
Runaway Band
May Have Taken
" Robbers' Trail"
The old "robbers' trail" was used In
the early 50's by such notorious bandits
aa Tom Bell, Joaquln Murletta, Black
Jack,' Red Antone, Big Kossuth and the
Jim Crum gang. These desperadoes of
early day* used the trail after many,
stage robberies and they evaded arrest.
There Is no record In the history of crime
then at some other point. By these means
the convict band Is enabled to make prog
ress every night and get nearer the Rubi
con country." .
4Incendiary Fire at Madison.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., July SO.— Itr has been
definitely learned that Phelps, Dodge &
Co., owners of the Copper Queen mine at
Bisbee and the famous Nacozari copper
mines in Sonora. are making arrange
ments to employ Chinese labor at their
Nacozari mines instead 'of. Mexicans.
About two weeks ago' a tramp steamer
landed 1400 Chinese at Guaymas and it
is said trWft an agent of the company se
cured 400 of them for work at the mines.
It is also understood that it is intended
to employ Chinese labor on the railroads.
The mine company claims that Mexican
labor is very 1 uncertain and scarce in So
nora and that white labor cannot be ob
tained. It is estimated that fully 4000 Chi
nese have landed at Guaymas within the
last sixty days and have been given em
ployment.
Asiatic Laborersto Take
the Place, of Mex
icans. ~/_
CHINESE WILL
WORK MINES
..This institution: will reopen / Monday.
AugUBt 3. Entrance examinations are now
being' held at ; the office, ; 213 Grove street,
between 10 and 12 a. m. and 1 and 3 p. m. •
St. Ignatius College.
. TUCSON, Ariz., July 30.— The famous
Christmas Gift gold mine located thirty
miles south of Casa Grande was pur
chased \ to-day by the Platt Cobre Mining
Company of 'Denver. The property la
considered ' of great value. Large " equip
ments and operations will follow the sale.
Soon after the discovery some years ago
about $200,000 was taken out of one pocket.
The operators: then lost the ledge, .which
has been recently rediscovered.'
Christmas Gift Hines Sold.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 20.—
The ladles living on the campus turned out
in force at 3 o'clock this afternoon and
fought with wet sacks and palls of water
a fire which broke out in a cypress hedge
adjoining 'the residence of Professor Fair
clough and which would probably have
consumed all the dwellings on the "row"
had U not been for their intervention. At
the time there was hardly, a man in - the
neighborhood. Jf
College Women Fight Fire.
Salt Lake May Lose Heavily.
SALT LAKE, Utah, July 30.— According
to a decision to-day by Judge Tanner in
the civil division of the city court the city
of Salt Lake has no valid ordinance for
the collection of poll tax. If the decision
Is sustained by the higher court the city
would be liable to refund between $250,000
and $300,000.
mittee at the national encampment held
at Columbus, Ohio, in 1888, and provided
camp ground for 50.00J men. He was ap
pointed last fall by the Governor of Ohio
trustee for the erection of a $250,000 me
morial building to the memory of soldiers,
sailors and marines: is also chairman of
the board of trustees and ha? the plans
for the structure about completed. The
G. A. R. party coming from Columbus
will travel by special train, visit the
Grand Canyon, spend one week in and
about Los Anseles. Santa Barbara and
Monterey and return after the encamp
ment by way of Portland and Tacoma,
visiting Yellowstone Park. The round 'trip
will occupy thlrty-flvo days. j
Abe Patterson Post No. 88 of Allegheny,
Pa., will bring as large a representation
as any coming from the East. ; The post
has 200 members and every one who can
make It possible if ill come : to San
Francisco to attend the national encamp
ment. The delegation will start from
home on a special of six sleepers and the
other accessories which make up a flrst
class train. The run from Chicago to San
Francisco ts to take eleven days, stop
ping at Los Angeles, Santa Barbara and
at other points of interest along the
route. The post will establish headquar
ters at the Grand Hotel, will unfurl its
battle flags and expects to make the most
creditable showing in the parade.
Abe Patterson Post was organized Oc
tober 15, 1867, and is flourishing with 200
active members on the roll. From Its
camp sprung Lieutenant James M. Lysle
Post No. 128 and Colonel John B. Clark
Post No. 162, two successful posts located
at Allegheny. ;
Early this morning City Marshal Tibbet
received a telephone message from the
Fresno Chief of Police stating that a
warrant had been issued for their arrest
on the complaint of the girl's father, who
charged her with the embezzlement of
$530, the entire amount of his savings,
which he had committed to her care.
When the officers reached the hotel the
birds had flown. It was learned that the
girl had purchased a ticket to Joplin, Mo.,
and had departed on the Santa Fe over
land-east. The young man was arrested
at the depot this .anernoon as he was
about to take the train for Fresno. He
was badly scared when told of the charge
of embezzlement, but stoutly maintained
that he knew, nothing of it. So far as he
knew the girl had but $50 in bills, and he
did not knew how she obtained that. Only
$7 was found on his person when he was
searched. He acknowledged the elope
ment and declared that the girl was going
to Joplin, where her mother is staying, to
ask permission to- marry him. When
the girl's father at Fresno learned of his
daughter's departure for the .East- he
Immediately started in pursuit, abandon
ing the prosecution of . tne young man,
who was released upon the o; ler of the
Fresno Chief of Police, v
BAKERSFIELD. July 30.-A sen
sational midnight elopement, an early
morning arrival in Bakersfleld, the hasty
departure of the miss for Missouri and
the arrest and subsequent release of the
young man Is the story of the day in two
San Joaquin. Valley cities. Roy Boyd,
aged 18, and Rosa Fields, aged 15, were
the hero and heroine of this escapade.
Young Boyd is employed as a butcher
in Fresno and lives with his mother. The
girl is the daughter of a. street car em
ploye in the Raisin City, and A while her
mother was on a visit to relatives in Mis
souri she was her father's housekeeper.
Last nlcht the two youngsters disap
peared from their, homes, and taking the
Owl, came to Bakersfleld, where they
stopped at the Arlington Hotel, regis
tering as "Thomas Brown and wife of
San Francisco."
Special Dispatch to The Call
\ An examination of the gun at Republic
showed that it has stood a year or more
of exposure. The find recalls to residents
of Republic that two men have disappear
ed from that town within three years
and all trace of them been lost. One
young man started for his father's ranch
Jn Okanogan County and Was never heard
"of afterward. Another man left Republic
for Spokane, via Myers Falls. He went
alone, carrying a rifle, and although a
letter . was expected from him from My
fcrs Falls, no word was ever received. , It
is believed that this man perished In the
fatal encounter with the cougar.
To-day" Sheriff Lowry went to Mount
Gibraltar, hoping to discover some clew
that will assist Iii identification. —
TACOMA, July SO.-Evidence of a ter
rible fight in which a human being and
a wild animal both lost their lives wa3
discovered early this week on the slopes
of Mount Gibraltar, one mile south of
Republic. It consists of a human skele
ton, the bones of a large cougar and a
rusted Marlin rifle. The position of the
skeletons and the fact that the rifle was
pumped out and its lever down proves
that there must have been a terrific en
counter between man and beast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAL.T -LAKE. Utah. July 30.— In a
shooting affray which took place at Star
Valley, Wyo.. • William Davis was shot
and killed and John Merrill, a saloon
keeper, was shot through both arms. The
shooting grew out of*a family quarrel
and resulted in ' a three-handed street
duel, Davis on one side and Merrill and
George Lemmon on the other. About
thirty shots were fir«d.
Three-Comered Shooting Affray.
Fresno youngsters Get
Away as Far as
Bakersfield.
Skeletons of Hunter and
Cougar Are Pound
Together.
BLEACHING BONES
TELL OF COMBAT
WARRANT MARS
AN ELOPEMENT
SANTA CRUZ. July DO.— The following
members of the State board of the Chris
tian church of California were elected to
day at Garfleld Park: A. C. McKeever
of Fresno, A. C. Platt of Selma. D. A.
Russell of Hollister. W. G. White of San
Francisco, W. F. Reagor of
and Thomas Barr of Oakland. J. P. Dar
gitz was elected corresponding secretary.
Officers of Christian Church.
N. B. Abbott, past post commander of
J. M. Wells Post, Columbus, Ohio, is com
ing with his Grand Army post to attend
the encampment. Colonel Abbott claims
the distinction of having laid the first
street pavement ever made of California
asphalt. He is past post commander of
J. M. Wells Post, G. A. R., Department
of Ohio; was chairman of the camp com-
BUCKEYES ANP QUAKERS.
Amount heretofore reported, $17,428: Freder
ick C. Kohl. $100; Commercial Hotel, $10;
Henry J. Rodjrers, $10; South End Warehouse,
$10: Techau Tavern. f25; A&chen and Munich
and Hanover Fire Insurance Company, $50;
Milwaukee Mechanics' Insurance Company, $25;
Norwich Un!on Fire Insurance Company, $25:
Tom C. Grant. $20; Arthur I. Nation. $10;
Xleorge F. Grant, $5: R. II. Naunton. $5; Cal
vert Mead. $5; E. P. Farnsworth, $5; J. p.
Tranor. $5; Ahpel & Brookman, $5- Ed B.
Hines, $10; Johnson's Restaurant, $35: The
Hinomoto. $5; W. 8. Porter. $5: K. Ikl. $5; Dr.
Kakuschldo. $3: P. Hadono, $1 .V>; John H.
Btakeway. $5: <B. & McK.. $5: North Alaska
Salmon Co.. $20; Overland Freight and Trans
fer Company. $10; W. E. Pettis, $5; Kuttner &
Goldstein, $5; Potts Drug Store. $5; New
Golden Gate Hotel, $a; Hotel Redondo. $5; D.
Hamberger & Co.. $5; J. Goldman & Co., $5';
Grtenberg & Greenberg, $5; J. B. Gazl & Co.,
$5; Elkus. Bremer 4 Co., $5: Edison Phono
graph Company. $5; Chinn-Beretta Optical
Company. $.'.; cash, $6 50; cash. $5 50; - total,
$17,919 50.
The following additional contributions
to the entertainment fund of the Grand
Army encampment have been received:
THE FUND GROWS.
The officers of the Olympic Club are
making strenuous efforts to make the
benefit to be given by the club to the
Grand Army a complete success In every
respect. The club will have a ladies'
night ar the Mechanics' Pavilion on the
evening of August 11 and the entire pro
ceeds are to ie added to the entertain
ment fund of the Grand Army. Besides
the athletic exercises in which the best
talent of the club will participate there
will l*i a chorus of 250 mixed voices un
der the leadership of Professor Wallace
A- Sabin, rendering patriotic songs and
a number of high class soloists. A re
hearsal for the concert will be held at the
Olympic clubhouse on Thursday evening,
August 6, at S o'clocK- It is hoped that
all who are interested and willing to vol
unteer will attend, as it is especially de
sired that the chorus be large and lusty
for the ringing of the national anthem,
and the old war songs.
OLYMPIC CLUB WILL HELP.
constrained to make the above recommendation,
Very respectfully, C. E. GRUN'SKT,
City Engineer.
Under da.te of July 22 information was sent
to you by the designer of the arch that the
weight to be carried by the suspension wires
would be 12.783 pounds. Ho far as I know he
has not furnished any plans from which an
FKtimate cf the weight of the expended portion
of the arch can be made by your architect.
Tour architect has Informed me verbally that
th* Wight to be Fuspended will materially ex-'
ce<d the above figures. Not alone is this the
-ase. but the erection platform, also suspended
from the cable system, must be assumed to
weigh somewhere in the neighborhood of ton
tens. This load upon the cables, in addition
to the ultimate permanent load, may make th«
pull upon each bulldir.g in the direction of the
< able* at the time when the structure Is near
•ng completion, and while the erection platform
if still in service, upward of forty tons
Grrat difficulty will be experienced in trans
mitting a strain of this magnitude to the steel
frame works of the buildings. It should not
t>e considered safe to attempt to do ro without
tL cartful consideration of every detail by a
'¦ompetfnt engineer, not akme of the cable sys
tem and its fastenings, but also of this trann
mlpeioa of strains to the frame works of the
building*. lne |
Theap and other details have, however, evl
«Vntly.not yet been planned and time win'prob
ably be too ehort to permit of the erection of
th» structure after examination and approval of
<Vtai)K by your board, no matter how soon they
may m>w be filed.
Cn<5<g- the circumstances, I am. therefore.
k;r permanent cables, because the position of
•ableg and the method of tratismittlntf the
•¦trains and the load Tvhich thfy carry to the
\ uildmjrs. the Claus Bpreckels building and tho
Chronicle biulding, are to be modified to-night.
PLANS MUST BE MODIFIED.
Enough wa» »een. however, to warrant the
recommendation that the propesM structure and
th» metbod of erection be modified.
To the Honorable th« Board of Public Works
o'. the City and County of Sa.n Francisco—
Ontlrmen: At the rKju*>st of President Casey
of your board, and in company tilth him. I
hsve to-day inypectfd the fastenings of the
Fuape:ifion cables *'hich are supporting the
erection platform of the proposed arch at Third i
«nd Market streets. The inspection was not a I
thorough one as to proposed means of faeten-
Market streets yesterday, and as
a result the first named official recom
mended that the proposed structure and
the method of erection be modified.
Onaakjr states In his report that the
inspection was not a thorough one as to
proposed means of fastening permanent
cables because the method of transmit
ting the strains and the load which they
<arry to the adjacent buildings are to
be modified by the contractors.
Following is the text of the Engineer's
report to the Board of Public Works:
CITY ENGINEER GRCKSKT and
Commissioner of Works Casey In
vestigated the construction of the
Grand Army arch at Third and
TWO PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE GRAND ARMY WHO ARE ACT
IVELY INTERESTED IN THE WORK OF PREPARING FOR THE
BIG NATIONAL ENCAMPMENT OF CIVIL WAR VETERANS.
PORTLAND. Or., July 30.— Sheriff Story
has arrested four men who are charged
with holding ' up and robbing an. electric
qar of the Oregon City line within the
city limits on the night of July 14. The
men are Ira Landers, Arthur Hicks, Earl
Mclntcsh and David Simmons. The Sher
iff has been quietly working on the case
for the last two weeks. .On each of the
men arrested was found some article of
jewelry, which, the Sheriff claims, was
taken from the passengers of the electric
car, and he feels sure that he has tho
right men.
About midnight of July 14 six masked
men boarded an electric car of the Ore
gon City line and shot B. F. Day, then
went through the car and compelled the
thirty passengers to hand over their
money, watches and jewelry. Since' that
time many people have been held up and
fobbed in the city and the Sheriff thinks
he has now broken up the gang, which
has been terrorizing the community. Day,
who has recovered from his wounds,
identified Mclntosh as the leader of the
highwaymen who held up the car.
Oregon Sheriff Thinks He Has Four
. of the Men Who Bobbed-
•' Passengers.
ABBESTS MEN" THOUGHT
TO HAVE HELD UP CAR
Webber is a prominent attorney of the
Sonoma County bar and has been elected
to many positions of honor in this city
and county. He has served as City At
torney and District Attorney and stands
high In the councils of the Republican
party in county and State politics. He
has hosts of friends in this city and fur
ther news is anxiously awaited here.
There is telegraphic communication with
Covelo, but nothing could be learned from
that place to-day. The hunters are many
miles from Covelo in the mountains.
SANTA ROSA, July 30.— An alarming
report has been received In this city re
garding the disappearance of ex-District
Attorney Orlow O. Webber. With a party
of friends he had been hunting an South
Eel River, In the extreme northern, por
tion of Mendocino County.- On Monday
night one of Webber's companions came
Into a dance hall at Covelo, where a dance
was in progress, and announced that
Webber had been missing for three days
and that the efforts of his companions to
locate htm had proven unavailing. He re
quested that those present -assist In the
search and twenty young men agreed they
would start in search of the missing man
at daylight Tuesday morning.
The .circumstances surrounding the dis
appearance are simple. Webber rose one
morning and found his mule missing. He
refused to wait for breakfast and started
in pursuit of the beast. He took his gun
with him in order that he might shoot
deer should the opportunity present itself.
His companions believed when he failed
to return the first day that ho had found
the mule and gone on the trail of game.
Night came on and Webber did not re
turn. Finally the mule came into camp
and then the fears of the companions
were aroused. They searched that night
and the two following days in vain and
then decided to call for assistance. Their
camp was located on top of the .range
of mountains near Covelo, at a place
named Signal Point, and the dancers
who agreed to render assistance in finding
the missing man went to that place before
dawn to begin the search. The news
was brought "to this city by a young man
who attended, the dance.
Webber is a very large man, and while
carrying"" much avoirdupois, Is not easily
fatigued. He is troubled with somnol
ence and may possibly have taken a nap
and then missed his way on awaking.
The country in which he is hunting is
one of the roughest in the State and one
in which a man can easily lose his way.
The hillsides are covered with a' heavy
growth of timber and underbrush and
there are innumerable small valleys which
prove deceptive to thV hunter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Leaves His Camp on South Eel
River and Fails to
Return.
Searching Parties Seek
Orlow 1 ©. Webber of
Santa Rosa.'
SONOMA LAWYER
LOST IN HILLS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY/ JULY 31, 19Q3.
Report of Inspection Submitted to Public Works
Board — Veterans Continue the Encampment
Preparations— Vast Legion of Visitors Coming
CITY ENGINEER INSPECTS
ARCH OF THE GRAND ARMY
Portrait of a famous California heiress i:
the Wasp's gallery this week. •
WOODLAND. July 30.— A Madison dis
patch to the Democrat says: A lire oc
curred about 3 o'clock this morning on
Fred Market's farm, seven miles north of
here and seven miles west of Blacks. John
Ralph's crew of hay balers were at work
in, the hay field. The hay press was de
stroyed, also about seventy tons of hay,
twenty-one tons of which was baled.
There seems to be no doubt that the fire
was of incendiary origin.
5
FBAMINQ BRYSON PICTURES
THE "LADY IN GREEN,"
Next Sunday's Call.
Bryson studies maybe framed
with narrow frame, burnish gold
edging and raw silk mats;
colors, selected to suit tones .and
pictures. These studies admit of
a variety of styles and also make
strikingly effective posters. The
"Lady in Green" and companion
pieces to follow are , undoubtedly
the swellest art pictures ever
issued by !any newspaper in
America. SfiSoEn
' _ ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
\^- _L _^ oss of their girlish forms
-mi**^. after marriage. The bearing
\ All of this can be avoided,
faoweve^ by the use of Mother's Friend before babj comes, as this
great limment always prepares thebody for the strain upon it, and
preserve^the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend 1 overcome* all the
danger orkhild-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this cntid&l period without pain. .It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousand! gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from tho
xise of thisWonderful
remedy. Spld by all IPS J^kS j£. S3 B
book, tellingtill about ~
this liniment will bo sent free. SC' EM^SjJTm, HMfe d&M
Hi BrrfRetd feto Ca., AtStnta, 8a. m MM&SbSS
ADVEKT1SEMENTS.
3S3233Z«H3SS5fln3EES3E5i332335i322232B2!3&*
r
"King of oQ Bottled Be«rs.**
Brewodtroia Bohendcn Hops.
SOLO £YE2V WrJERB.
jiflSfck Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Msn.
J&X y&i. MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
AJ^>K4 have been In U30 over 0;:y
KV4£ -V^2& years by the leaders of th<»
a3p?^*ix4i*fin JIorlTlon Church and thv'.r
followers. Positively cure tha
KmI' fi& *5ji wors - cases Jn old and young
Bi\lif SS9 arising from effects or sel.'-
TWsrJ/tffcjf abuse, .dissipation, ex?e»3C3 or
Wggy.&.'ry cigarette srnokir.s. _ur* Los:
ygJBSsB Manhood. Impoter.cy, Lose
»ffiK*aF Power. Nicht Losses, In»orr.-
nla. Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lams Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Usfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, CEJ if*± VarJcocele or Cf >«
Btipation. Stop Ner KJ v ous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are r _« TR lmir,ed:i:». Irapar:
vigor and -potency to every function.
Don't get despondent, a cura is at hand. ¦ i>-
¦tore small, undeveloped organs. Sttnsulac*
1 the brain anil rztr« centers; 50c a bo;x; 6 fo?
%'£ 50 by mat".. A written guarantee to cur» or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars fr««.
Address BISHOP REMEDT CO.. 40 Ellis st..
San Francisco. CaU GRANT DRCO CO.. 3J
and 40 Third st.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
OF AgATOMY^
a C& is5i if ,\m; ss.tgi. fo*?x s.r.caL i
\ Tbe Lariat Anatomical Museum ia the \
Q __j^_"i. World. Weaknesses or any contracted Q
< VtgS £5^ dUea>e ysaitlvoly e»r»>«l ny thc oldest T
© /S S[ I on ll| e Coast. Est. 36 ye irv O
6 fl^^ J DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF hUH $
0 I xS^C W Tf^a™ieni personally or br letter. A A
T ¦ flr CTH iWln-i Cur. ia e»ery case ur.d?rtjk-n. T
1 r '{ II A Write for Bflok. PBILOHOPBVor i)
» i| 11^ SBARlHAtJK. MAILED FREE. (A?
1 J |J valuable book for men) >
" DB. JUSDAH A CO.. IC5! MnrbetS&.S. F. V
fP FAVORITE
FOR WEAK WOMEwt
f\ B n fl |% Beds. Ctaaira. Stores. «te.
1 I JFU H H 1 D Tents for rent an* tor gala.
I 11 Bill W9 Guns. RISea. Flshln? TaclcU
fl lUInl and Sporting GooUs. Seod
Urlllll tor CatalCEue. Shrov* A
~ " rtr " ¦ " . Barber Co.. 739 M»rkM «.
and 821 Xcaroz §u
THE EMPORnrM. y THE EMPORIUM. '( \ THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORnTBI.
jy _ *VAo™* Y7^ . 9 Th c famous Emporium Orchestra,
Persian Rugs vndcr toc " taton o! Louis Schocb -
On Sale This Week s=^ mger, late ol Thomas' Orchestra,
•"¦¦—.—_ CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- * ' ' — "" .,, . -. -"¦ , M - • c j
One-Third Off " — moe^sXBS^^^ will give its 402d concert Saturday
%*mm%, m mmik S# «### -MMggpgff^i*— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE . ' ' m - , .iitn.t rrt
s».. M Aa»~..ff_ n • c/^7c/ •- v v v* v niflht MadcmoiscDc Bert La Fleur
Our Regular PriGeS Special Sale Goods ordered by mail Jj*
•..¦:.. - or telephone will not be sent C P.P. | wlU " C the SOlOISL
To-Day Wash Waists Mapveiousty Good Suits
#^ y 4 /so oo for .Men--$W.QO
At 59c, G5c, 78c, 9 Be $*&-\}*i\
¦ The first big shipment of our Fall and Winter Suits for men just opened. A
Wash WalStS greatly Underpriced. iS^ff line bought much under real value, mads of high grade tweeds, chcvicM,
All OT tnern Well rnade, perfectly «^. **\ \ cassimeres and fancy worsteds, in the very bc;t patterns for the coming ssa-
CUt, gOOd 'fitting garments, Of the J^Sa /|on; P crfcct ty cut » **°ng, long wearing serge linings, every scam well sewn;
materials mOSt in favor this Season makes one of the best values that we or anv other jgb4jf ff% tfd#fe
for -Wash Waists— noW priced: . 9P\Svl^X 8Wrc cver offcrcd for • • • • tyBWaWM
85c Waists. . .59c $ 1. 6 5 Waists.. $f m f9 (//fc'th !-V"| ' \m^-\\ Also a large assortment of Men's Fall and Winter Overcoats — In oxford gray
95c 'Waists. . . 65g '-75 Waists 1m f 9 // I MS\ r n I \ \ and black cheviot, tan coverts and mixtures, with strong serge body linings
$ i. oo Waists. .78o 2.oo*Waists . f m S8f x\ f *- ' P/! 1 UK and satin lined sleeves; arc a?so unusually low priced S^iffft} fTBfll}
K25 Waiits ;'.ago 2.25 Waists. J.58 \ ' ' \ %vL WMV at * * •^^^•-•W'^'-^S'v^^^^-;^^**^""
go!I $2^ \n^^ wahu w ! m . 8 '$2.2* \ \$jO^^^- Boys' Clothing
" 3> 5° ", " *' • ""• • 2m98 V ' Boys* Two-Piecc Knee Pants Suits — For age3 8 to 14 years; made of excellent
" 4.00 'i "' " \' , , 3*25 *Ii' I qua ity iancy cheviots and tweeds; the coats double-breasted /ma ym mmm
" 6.75 Peaudc Soie Waists . . 5.5O «yle ' ' ' \ • 9^ m^^
" 7-5° Crepe de Chine Waht$ . .' 5*75 fioys* Long Overcoats— For a g= J 3 -to 16 years; dressy gray oxfords, cat fall
Just received— A fine line of new black Silk Drop £»«*>** , vcrlical P ockcts " nd vdvct colIarsj nobb y gH§ M£
Skirts, choice. taffeta silk, beautifully flounced and n co , at ; / * **'
,,j^,j rii j ji it- x 11 <frz ca Bovs Lonft Pants Suits — F° r "g 5 * Iz t0 *9 year*; made of excellent stout
tUCked, made Very tUll and. gOOd length; a full ! $6.50 m c l^S 2d "S? and new fancy mixtures; a styUsh, fty |-«
Value for . . . %p5mQG inappy young man's suit that we guarantee to be perfect fitting, for . . *fr * mSf^Jf
Sale Gal oon Sale Clocks 45c Oxfords 28®
L^CGS Have you secured one of those Ormolu Two lots of this season's Oxford
. gold-finished Clocks for eighty-nine Waistings — many of the styles not
A special purchase of nearly cents? The sale continues to-day shown in this market before, com- |
10,000 yards of Point VeniseGalo'ons, and Saturday *if quantity lasts, prising the best American and
Motifs, Medallions, Beadings. and They are the prettiest little boudoir foreign makes—bought by us at less
Batiste Appliques, in white, cream ¦ clocks imaginable — -two styles, 4^ than half their values to close out the entire stock
and ecru, on sale to-day only— and 5 inches high— both with fancy of , a lz T New Y ° rk J obbin s h °««. o a special
iVlA'fn 1A^ vrH vrihr^ *,* "& lt cenierdd dia!s ' covered wfth " lc to - day a . nd to - morrow:
lvC 10 I^V jrU. VclivcS *#€? heavy ¦ beveled glaSS; they are Lot 1— Best American makes, some in woven
156 tO 24C yd. ValvCS 7C guaranteed to keep.good time for a fg0£^t^ thc 4 ° C and 28c
OC/» t/> **/» xrA xmltr^c m*% year at least. We . bought a thou- 45 P cr y raima
£jC IO OOC yQ. VcUVCS #«/€? sand of them to get them at the '^fe^^-.^ Lot 2 — Imported Oxfords, in a'l thc highest class
Itsn if\ \7t\ VTllll^^ 2f '.price, and they arc the greatest JraJgif^S weaves; values from 6oc .to 85c thc ys&^
OOC IO 3UI yd. ValUCy f£9Cr clock vaIue :^ e cvcr tncwof at yard, at. . *t&G
Bathing Suits Battenherg Greatest of Sale Butter
and Trunks Pieces and Shirt Sales other Groceries
St Cushion ' $1a50 ana$2 Values and Liquors
grade alpaca, navy blue and black, GOJferS *&40ifc 4000 Squares of Olir best
deep sailor collars, white braid G^^>^7 j3r *S$ &fi* CreamerV Butter Worth
„•„• „ .„ A , v a _j c, f ,, r j,,, :i 200 handsome hand-made Battenberg P^:^^/ M €££? &L&I .' . -^ um tll 1 vuu "
mmm ng ; to-day .nd s.mrd.y.^ p5cccj _ some , 80me round^ J%^/ * ** W the square, to-day and
. quantity last. .... $2.48 Jize, ,2x12 inches; regular values To-day and to- Saturday, while
Men's Bathing TrunKs— ( 1 50 only), 50c and 65c each; to- AA^ f Kf 1^ I 1 morrow u y° ur quantity lasts **r**'!U'
fine Jersey cotton, the regular 50c day and Saturday only *>&C jj| | | j opportunity to save Nablco Wafers -Ramcna, "Athena or Cham-
kind; on sale to-day and Saturday . * • ; . f, fl about One-hal! tO pagne Cakes; for the two days, tin . . 24o
only 25c hand-made Battcnbcrg Pieccs-r- \] . I [: ] two-thirds on fancy Slued Billed Ham— Sweet and tender; Frday
*^ Some linen center, some all Batten- : : || j j colored shirts. and Saturday, 1b . 30o
mm m ¦ berg, both round and tquare ef- 1 : ¦! j! i| Ronoht aknt 1000 Home-made Orange Marmalade— Cieitcher'i or
Latest Neckwear faS^.uS^ plip | ZXSZSZ &SS£SiS^SSt^ii£
fff%l+ %Afmm*XtH3 * ltO ° t0^ f -- 2 5 cacn — sa!c P ncc K I h highest grades— Ib j Sc
MVM TVUMWa&MI Friday and Saturday . . JJQ* SJJ j \M\ balanccV season's Marquette Pure Rye Whiskey-Rcgu!arl y
Some brand., new effects in Arabian OJ^C? , , over . D i u , |i.as; frirfay and Samrday, bot-Je . . 9O C
* n A P«?nf V^n!.^ T a r.-<;fn1« a nH j ¦ \ \ J , Kentucky Belle Bourbon V/hbKey-Sour
and Point Venise Lace Stoles and y clour Ccntcr picccs burnt producuon'— we cannot use the makers' Friday and Saturday, s bots £f.OO
Cape Collars, very popular this sea- leather borders — 100 only, regu- name in advertising, but we assure you Port, Sherry or Angelica— Very old, rich wine;
son, have recently arrived from some Ur values $1.00 each— /Bg% 0% that there are no better shirts made. regularly |i. 50 gaJon; Friday and Saturday
of thc best makcrs.in the East. A on ga i c t0 _d a y ..... WC Coat shirts; open back and open front o C/r* ? «"u"f\ ' I ' 'a ' 'a " f i"2f
«««/j a.-./M-t m « n » *»«»;*.. im ««/.» ' i_- L - • •» rr . i t Pabst Best AUIt Extract— 2 days; dox $2*25
good assortment ranging in .price FIorabcIla SoIa piUows _ 12 dozen shirts; shirts with cuff* attached and Cabtrnet Claret-3 year, old, rery fine"av
from to $JU.UU each that wcrc Jcft from the ]a$t gale> j n shirts with cuffs separate; all high-grade and Saturday, gallon 85c
Ladies' Wath Stocks— In piques and madras, very pretty floral designs; the kind that materials and best workmanship; Ok* Dominion Whiskey— 2 daya; gal $2.O5
fancy stitching! and trimmed with pearl but- . . r ,, ' ,, c * C i m anA tf-» ««\'«tn« , Tipo Chiantl — Italian-Swiss Colony's famous
tomf each *i 00, 7S c, 50c and -_ ongmally sold for $ I. oo 4*^** ? ° $ 7&C Wine; Friday and Saturday, bortte. . 2Sc
25C each— to-day .... &&%* ™ ../.-.# «^«jr CrownCocklails— Pints 5Oc; half pts 25©Vallejo Physician Stricken.
It is reported that a swindling concern operating
in Europe is enjoying a lucrative practice selling
fraudulent American papers of naturalization to gulli
bles. The existence and prosperity of these schemers
suggest the propriety of the organization of a society
for the suppression of idiots and those who prey
upon them. ='/
VANCOUVER, B. C. July 30.— The
movement in Canada to make voting
compulsory has at last reached the stage
of Parliamentary action. A special from
Ottawa ..states that at the meeting
of the elections commission of the House
to-day it was decided to recommend a
law providing for compulsory voting. Any
qualified elector who fails to vote in any
election will be deprived of ' the right to
vote at the next election.
Voting Made Compulsory.
The local Judge who threw out of court a case
in which a young lady was suing for the value of
kisses bestowed upon a gentleman friend has
worked a hardship on the city. It would not only be
interesting but extremely valuable to know what is
the market price of kisses in San Francisco. They
certainly are worth something. '
LOS ANGELES, July 30.— By a decision
of Judge Oster of San Bernardino Coun
ty the absorption by the University of
Southern California of Chaffey College,
located at Ontario, was illegal, and the
JSO.OOO endowment of the smaller college
must remain the property of that corpor
ation. The decision was rendered in a
suit brought against the trustees of the
University of Southern California by the
original donors of the Chaffey College en
dowment to annul the deed transferring
the Ontario property to the university.
Absorption of College Illegal.
A STRIKING illustration of the contrast be
tween journalism as practiced in the United
States and that which passes for journalism
in Europe is afforded by the apparently well au
thenticated report that the news of the death of
Pope Leo was received in r London, Paris and Berlin
not from Rome but from New York. It appears
that the Associated Press sent out the news from
Rome fully an hour before any other news agency
in that city, and so swift is modern telegraphy that
within that hour the news went to New York and
was sent back to the Old World before the papers of
the great capitals over there received their own
Roman dispatches.
It has been the custom of the journalists of Great
Britain and the Continent to defend their method
of conducting newspapers by saying that what they
lacked in speed as compared with American methods
they more than compensated for by accuracy and by
iullness. No such defense can be made on this oc
casion. Never before in the history of the world
has any current event be^en so fully, so accurately
and so realistically reported as have been the scenes
and incidents attending the death of Leo. From the
hour when the first announcement was made of his
serious illness and that hope of recovery could not
be reasonably entertained, the American press has re
ported events in and around the Vatican with a suf
ficient, amount of detail to enable the reading public
to follow not only the last struggles of the ebbing
life of the venerable Pontiff, but the gossip' of rival
ries and intrigues as well as of the loyalties and the
sorrows of his attendants. Moreover, around the
dispatches from Rome there was given in every im
portant paper in the""' United States a wealth of his
toric information concerning every phase of the event
that could be of any current interest to the public
We may, and probably should out of deference to
older and more cultured civilizations, concede to
Eurooe some institutions superior to our own. but
WHERE WE EXCEL.
THE conservative Democrats of Ohio have
taken heart from the Iowa victory over Bryan
and under the banner of Zimmerman of Co
lumbus propose to capture the August convention
and make a platform in which their forgettery will
be better than their memory of the last two national
platforms.
Against this programme fights Tom Johnson, with
the voluble Lentz as his lieutenant. He proposes to
capture the convention by having Bryan there to in
voke the divine ratio and to put in the platform Gov
ernment ownership of everything in which his own
millions are not invested. He will insist also that
the single tax go in and that the right of private
owners be denied. We hope Johnson will win. His
issues are in the air as free silver was from 1878 to
1896. and like it, the way to end them is to bring
them down out of the sky and knock them out by
a campaign of education.
The wool on the back of a sheep Is a
shepherd's barometer. The more curly It
becomes the finer the weather.
NOW FOR OHIO.
An elephant hunt in Abyssinia has been planned by
a coterie of Wall-street brokers. Recent dispatches
from New York indicate that these self-same brokers
could have all the risk, excitement and desperate
danger they jvant by continuing to trifle with the
bulls and bears of the stock market.
LONG ago we pointed out that the rush for in- j
vestment in trust stocks had in it the elements j
of a stock panic, because investors had been
uiuoctrmated with the idea that in those vast indus
trial organizations there was some conjuring that by
iu2gic lifted them out of the ordinary rules of busi
ness; they were regarded as automatic dividend pay
ers and exempt from financial reverse and misfor
tune.
This idea that they were immune had its antetype
in the mining stock excitement which drove men
wild in this city in the days of the Comstock
bonanza. The undoubted vastness of the mineral
wealth of that great lode started a fever in which
men grabbed at everything in the shape of mining
stock. Almost any stock could get listed on the
board, and those that could not were sold and bought
and speculated in on the curb with an insane vo
racity. In those days it is said that a man went to a
printer to have some stock certificates printed on a
hurry order. The printer askfcd the name of the
mine and his customer answered, "Oh, put in any
name; it makes no difference." In much the same
spirit industrial combinations have been made and
their stocks bought. Now there has come partial
retribution, but the good have suffered with the bad.
Because of this it is said that Mr. J. P. Morgan has
lost prestige, because the steel trust stocks, both pre
ferred and common, fell off with the rest and he
failed to protect then.
Of course there are stories told to account for this
last Black Friday. It is said that Whitney and Har
riman combined to force the slump to avenge them
selves on Keene, and that they were joined by Gould
and Rockefeller in order to include the Pennsylvania
road in the programme of vengeance for President
Cassatt's action in destroying the poles and wires of
the Western Union Telegraph Company on his right
of way. It was said that this reprisal was successful
and that the Pennsylvania stocks were disgorged on
the market by holders, who put them out, for salva
tion purposes on other deals, to such an extent that
Rockefeller and Gould got control of the road and
would compel Cassatt to retire.
But none of these raids on legitimate stocks could
have been made except for the conviction of the
street that the trust industrials are so overwatered
that they are a constant element of danger to the
market. This founds all stock transactions upon a
secret feeling of panic, and holders are ready to
scare and let go at the first sign of trouble. The
flurry may be prolonged quite indefinitely without
affecting legitimate business, because the country is
on a sounder foundation than ever. But at any time
that such a liquidation of watered stocks is concur
rent with bad crops, involving what are known as the
granger railroads in the West, through loss of ton
nage, the cause that underlay this last flurry may well
proceed to a general panic that will bring another
cycle of hard times.
Short of that nobody cares what punishment falls
upon financiers who have been guilty of the over
capitalization of industrial combinations. The les
son should not be lost upon the investing public,
which took those stocks against all prudence and all
warning. But the gambler who loses to-day will
pawn his watch and gamble again to-morrow, and
the buyer of a lottery ticket that draws a blank will
curse his luck but buy again. So it is likely to be
with the investors in paper property, and it will be
a gain to the speculative but unwary public if the
prestige of Morgan and the other engineers of great
combines suffer sufficiently to rob them of the gift
of sorcery which has been ascribed to them.
For the general fund in the State
Treasury to become exhausted is an un
usual occurrence in this State. The
present shortage of money in the general
fund 'is due to the low tax rate during
the last year of ex-Governor Gage's ad
ministration. There should have been
about $1,500,000 more in the general fund
than there was on June 30, 1903, which
would have obviated the necessity for re
course to other funds to enable the State
to run its business.
From the State school land fund, |70O,
000; school land deposit fund, $68,000; State
Library fund, $25,000; estates of deceased
persons fund. $9S,000; dissolved savings
banks fund, $30,000; making the total
amount transferred $921,000. That amount
of money will carry the State along until
probably the middle of November. From
then until December 15 of this year, when
the first ifstallment of State taxes will
begin coming in, a sufficient amount of
money will have to be borrowed from
other funds.
SACRAMENTO. July 30.— The general
fund In the State Treasury became ex
hausted to-day. The Governor was noti
fied and he directed the following trans
fers to be made to the general fund as a
loan from the other funds to be drawn
upon:
Governor Pardee Orders $921,000
Transferred From Other Accounts
for Current Expenses.
Railroad Commissioner, is coming
to the front as the choice of the Demo
cratic party for Mayor of Sacramento.
Mr. Hassett, although a partner in one
of the largest establishments in the city,
daily works at his calling as an expert
printer, and he enjoys a widespread popu
larity among all classes of citizens.
The local political camp is somewhat
disturbed by the story industriously cir
culated that after all Mayor George H.
Clark may change his mind and run for a
third term as an independent candidate.
With his partner, A. P. Booth, Clark is
now in the East arranging for the trans
fer of his business to San Francisco. But
while Clark has said he is going to en
gage in business in San Francisco, he.
carefully avoided committing himself as
to whether he intends to give up his resi
dence in Sacramento and withdraw from
the contest for further political honors.
As astute a politician as B. W. Cava
naugh, who has opposed Clark's candi
dacy in the past and is now numbered
STATE GENERAL FUND
BECOMES EXHAUSTED
5ACRAMENT6, July 30.— William J.
Hassett of the publishing house
of A. J. Johnston & Co. and can
didate at the last election for
HONOLULU, July 24.— When the Young
brothers were out In- one of their launches
cruising about Diamond Head a few days
ago they took soundings at a place which
was marked on the charts at 28 fathoms
and were naturally very much surprised
to find that the lead registered but twenty
fathoms. They began to wonder if some
mistake had not teen made and so started
to cruise over that portion which was set
down on the charts at 23 fathoms. It was
invariably the same thing. The lead kept
showing twenty fathoms or a slight varia
tion. Since the bottom where the sound
ings were taken is sandy the filling in
theory Is untenable, so that the only
theory left is that the bottom of the sea
at the place indicated has been heaved up
eight fathoms toward the surface of the
water bv volcanic action.
Soundings Show Difference of Eight
Fathoms From Depth Shown
on Chart.
OCEAN'S BOTTOM CHANGES
IN VICINITY OF HONOLULU
among his political enemies, expresses
his belief that Clark may re-enter the
contest the coming fall. If this should
prove true the Democratic and Republi
can candidates will have an interesting
fight on their hands, since Clark has the
administration following with him.
For minor offices there does not seem
much prospect of lively contests. It is
believed that . Captain J. D. Young will
be re-elected City Assessor and J. Ellas
Gavan City Collector. Both are extreme
ly popular. Mr. Gavan has made a splen
did record, and as the position Is one
which demands a high order of ability it
is thought that he will have no trouble to
secure renomination and election.
The unfortunate condition of affairs in
the Second Ward still exists, there being
no representation of that ward in the
Board of Trustees, although Important
measures are constantly coming before
the board for adjustment. Under a cer
tain contingency Mayor Clark would have
the power to appoint a Trustee from that
ward. He has expressed himself as will
ing to appoint any man who may be
agreeable to the residents of the ward.
and it is not Improbable that on his re
turn from the East he will be asked to
take action In the matter.
EVILS OF OVEH-CAPITALIZATION.
SACRAMENTO PUBLISHER WHO OCCUPIES A PROMINENT PLACE IN
POLITICAL. LIFE OF CAPITAL CITY AND IS THE PROBABLE
CHOICE OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY FOR MAYOR.
KING EDWARD has met the people of Ireland
and found them as cordial in their welcome
as those of any other part of his dominions.
Despite slight displays of antagonism here and there
the prevailing sentiment has been one of gratification
over the royal visit and of genuine good will to the
King himself. The manifestations of loyalty have
come not only from the land-owners and Unionists,
but from the peasants of the country and the toilers
of the cities, end it now seems the tour will be re
corded among the most successful in the history' of
the royalty of our time. •
There are of course many reasons for the cordial
welcome given the King wherever he has been since
he landed on the Irish shores. In the first place,
hospitality and good humor are characteristics of the
Irish race. They fight hard, but they do not bear
malice. Even among those who in times past have
been loudest 'in denouncing the King as the repre
sentative of British tyranny there are doubtless many
who on the King's arrival joined readily enough
with the throngs that were making the skies ring
with their applauding shouts. Then, too, there is
to be taken into consideration the innate love of
mankind for any kind of a show, and .particularly for
a royal show. That feeling was manifest in a most
remarkable way when Prince Henry of Prussia came
to this country- No one here felt any loyalty to him
nor any particular admiration for him, but none the
less he was greeted by bigger and more enthusiastic
crowds than ever greeted an American President.
The fact that he. was at once a novelty, a royalty and
a free show gave him a prestige in the American
mind that generated a real enthusiasm wherever he
went.
Edward has had in Ireland all of those common
feelings on his side to help him in his efforts to win
the affections of the Irish people, but it would be un
fair to attribute all the enthusiasm of his welcome to
those feelings alone. He has made his tour at a most
propitious time. The Irish land bill has been passed
on the third reading in the Commons by a vote of
317 to 20, and it seems a foregone conclusion that
the Lords will malce no- attempt to defeat it or to
seriously alter it. The bill is regarded with favor by
nearly all classes of the Irish people and hence they
•are irt a great good humor with the Government and
the outlook. Of course the King .has profited by
that feeling and it is an evidence of his political
sagacity that he was prompt to visit Ireland while
the bill is before the country and every one is
pleased.
Finally, a good portion of the welcome must be
attributed to the personality of the King himself. It
! has been said of Edward that he has more personal
friends than any other man in the world. Americans
who have met him have confirmed the reports of his
tact and geniality in meeting men, either in masses
or in private interviews. In his youth he was known
as a "thorough good fellow." He has now ripened
and rounded into a most courteous and agreeable
gentleman. He has the faculty of pleasing nearly all
kinds of people and has shown it recently in Portugal,
Italy and France as well as in his present tour. Im
mediately on his arrival in Dublin he took the first
opportunity to dismiss the guards that were ap
pointed to attend him, saying "I have no need for
them. The Irish people- will take care of me." That
was the way he began his tour and of course it is not
surprising that Ireland has responded.
EDWARD IN IRELAND.
FRIDAY JULY ,31. W
' JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
AcfCrcts All Communications to W. S. LEAK.E. Manaoer.
~~~~~~ TELEPHONE.
Aek for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the I>epartmeat You Wish.
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 231 Sterension St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week, 75 Cto,
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. InclnClng Postage (Cash With Order):
DAIL.T CALL (Including Sunday). on« year f» •<*>
CULT CALL (Including Sunday), fl month* ****
DAILY CALL— By Eisgi* Month ?»"
SCXDAT CALL. One Tear *•*•"
WEEKLT CALL, Oa« Tear _i*.
f Daily... *S.SO Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE i Sunday.. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly. . l.OO Per Tear Extra
All FoitmRtteri are authorised to receive
•nbscrtptionm.
6*=3>le ecples will be forwarded whea ree.ue«te«.
Mall sebscribers in crfiertng change of atfdress should be
particular to glv« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to tsccre * prompt and correct compliance with their recuest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1O83
BERKELEY OFFICE.
*14S Center Street Telephone Korth 77
C. GEORGE! KROGXEsS, Manager Forelsrn Adrer
tl.inc, Maranrltr DalldlnS", Chicago.
tLong Distance Telephone '"Central 2«1».">
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRAAE 14O6 G Street, 5. W.
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHES B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
XKW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAKLTOX Herald Square
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaao. SI Union Square:
Mcrray H1U Hotel; Firth-avenue Hotefcfand Hoffman Houe*.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel.
Treznoct House; Aufiitortum Hotel; Palmer House.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
uctU»:S0 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9 :SO o'clock. «33
McAlllcter. open until 9:50 o'clock. C15 Larkln. open until
• 80 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2M1
Market, corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 109« Va
lencia, cpen until » o'clock. 108 Eleventh, cpen until 9
or lock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until » o'clock. 2200 FUlmcre, open until 9 p. m.
The Knoxville man who killed his son for sleep
ing too late has subjected. himself to the rebuke of
a judicial and not too captious criticism because of
the superlative nature of his action. What would
he have done to the youngster if the sleepy fellow
had really committed a crime? . It is unwise to take
the limit on the first jump.
The foreigners were treated in th» same way
as Americans, although most of them were or.
their way to Europe via, the United States.
They one and all declared! that they would
never travel via San Francisco again. Thi..
is also the determination of two- thirds of the
Americans on board. The officers on the
steamer protested In every way, but were
powerless. .
Signed: Caryl Toung. Edith M. "Wlsner.
Willis Foster, George A. Lulish. Edward
Rlenge. A. L. Pitcher. W. R. Clark. r>avld F.
Walker, K. J. Reeve.i. Adele Mott. G. H. Umb
*»n. J. U. Whltehead. \V. I. Grigs;. J. S.
Manna. Albert L- Hall. K. B. Schley. XV. TV.
Lemton. T. D. Carman. Adelaide B. Toung.
William Dallas. Chauncey D. Clarke. Charles
G. Huse. E. H. Gore Booth. Lawrenc« Barr.
Adolph Waldan-Rettney. F. Kitchener. A.
Sevno. T. Ehaughan Morgan of London. Ena
land: G. Maddox. Leo WoodrufT. W. I. M«th.
M. Alexander. G. H. Betton-Foster, John TV.
Uoston. E. L. Curtis. Ely Hunt and many
others.
We do not believe there Is any law in th^
United States that permits the Secretary of
the Treasury to use such high-banded meas
ures, and trust that the Secretary has made a
mistake by betne misled by some overzealous
custom-hcuse official.
The petition is as follows:
We, the undersigned, per steamship Siberia,
from Chins, and Japan for Ban Francisco, vi*
Honolulu, would th&nk you to Inform the pub-
He of the latest and most atrocious outra?*
ever perpetrated on the passengers and under
the instructions of the Secretary of the Trea--
The Siberia called at Honolula to dl'schaxga
some cargo, land a few passengers and receive
passengers for San Francisco. As soon as th»
health officers came on board a squad of Cus
tom-house officers followed, and. with the ex
ception of three or four, they looked and acte-i
like a lot of Jackals. , - -
The passengers from China. Japan and the
Philippines were ordered to get their baggage
ready for inspection, although bound for San
Francisco, and still six days to sail for that
were also notified that what baggase
they had In the baggage-room could not be
touched and all would be sealed In tha hold.
In fact. It was simply seised!
The baggage In the rooms wu examined and
the owners were dictated to as to how many
shirts, collars, etc., they could retain. All the
rest must be bundled up and sent to the hold
and sealed up. One gentleman, who had llvwi
for several years in Japan, had six suits of
pajamas The custom officers said. "You can
only have one," and bundled the remaining
suits into the hold. This was only one in
stance. The clothing was taken, from the
rooms and was rolled up and tied In any fash-
Ion — some in paper, some In nothing — and now
lies in the lower hold: no receipt given for it.
What condition it will be returned In can be
Imagined. • '
¦ Men and women who have been living and
traveling In a tropical climate and were clothed
In duck and flannels had their heavy clothlns
sealed up. and many serious cases of sicknesa
are sure to arise before landing in San Fran
cisco.
Lieutenant Kitchener of the British
navy and a nephew of the famous Sirdar
signed the protest, but in speaking of the
matter yesterday he said:
1 want to ear on* thins about that protest.
I signed It, and I think we have & Jim griev
ance. Th« chap that wrote It. however, went a.
little too far whea h« called those Honolulu
Inspector* JackaU. They were nothing of the
sort. The Impression they made en m» waa of
a »et of rery good fellow*, who realized as
much as we did the absurdity of tS!a new law.
which their duty, however, corapelled them to
carry out. Please strike out the Jackal as far
as I am concerned.
If the passengers that arrived on the
Ventura were indignant at the new
method of administering the United
States customs at Honolulu, those that
reached here yesterday on the Siberia
were boiling over with wrath. Such an
Impreaslon did «>« Treasury Department 1 s
latest rule make that a petition of pro
test, addressed to the world at large, was
prepared and signed by all on board.
Among the signers were travelers of all
degrees-globetrotters of many national
ities, distinguished members of the Unit
ed States and foreign land and sea mili
tary service*, high officials of this and
other Governments, and local residents
returning from holiday tours- in the Ori
ent.
Apart from the fact that the- new regu
lation curtails the traveler's visit to
Honolulu, it also works a serious physical
hardship. The trunks containing the
warm clothing necessary here and for
several days before reaching this port are
sealed up at Honolulu. The passengers
have the option while there and before
the seals are affixed of taking out a sup
ply of heavy wearing apparel. The Si
beria is a Urge vessel, but the staterooms
are no more commodious than usual, and
when three people share one room the
fewer clothes they have the better for
everybody's comfort. The weather at
Honolulu Is too warm for the immediate
transfer from duck and flannel to tweedj
and serges, so the passenger has the
choice of retaining his comfortable
clothes and littering his room with winter
wear for use later on; of changing at
once to heavy garb and sweltering for the
sake of future comfort, or of retaining
his light clothes, leaving his warmer suits
in the ¦ sealed up trunks and taking a
chance with pneumonia as the liner neara
the coast.
Total in foreign vessels $44,386,000,000
It is of course impossible to fix accurately the
amount of freight paid on imports and exports dur
ing that long period of time, but it is evident that the ,
sums paid as a tribute to foreign • ship-owners
for • carrying goods valued at above $44,000,
000,000 must have been enormous. In other '¦
words, we have been paying tribute on a for
eign commerce amounting to more than $1,000,
000,000 annually for the last forty-three years,
and as our foreign commerce is rapidly increasing it
is clear the tribute will be larger in the future than
in the past unless something be done to check it.
It is to be borne in mind, moreover, that in ad
dition to the direct tribute paid for freight rates
there is a large indirect loss resulting from being
dependent upon foreign ship-owners in seeking new
markets for American goods. A well organized
ocean steamship company is something more than
a carrier of freight. It helps to open new markets
for its home patrons, knowing very well that an in
crease of trade for them will mean an increase of
traffic for itself. Hence an extensive ocean marine
helps to develop trade as well as to carry it on. It is
believed by those who are familiar with the conditions
of South American trade that the reason why we ob
tain such an inadequate percentage of the foreign
trade of the countries of that continent is that we
have no shipping of our own to compete there with
the lines from European nations. We thus not only
have to pay heavily for all commerce we obtain
through the foreign ships, but we lose a great deal
that would come to us if we had ships of our own.
Another bad feature of the present situation was
disclosed during the war in South Africa, when a
considerable number of British steamers were with
drawn from trade with America to act as transports
j for the army. At that time not only did ocean rates
I between the United States and Europe advance and
thus impose a tax upon our commerce and indi
rectly upon our industries, but in some cases it was
found difficult to obtain shipping when needed. Sev
eral times during the war complaints were heard from
I Boston, Baltimore, New York and Philadelphia of
a lack of transportation facilities across the ocean.
In that way, then, we suffered a double loss, and
should any of the nations whose' merchant marine
is extensively employed in carrying our ocean com
merce become engaged in another war we should of
course have to suffer a similar loss.
The argument drawn from those facts is by no
means the only one in favor of building up our ocean
going merchant marine, but even if taken, alone it
is sufficient to justify action on the part of Congress.
We have become the greatest 'commercial nation on
the globe, and our supremacy will increase with the
years. It is for Congress to say whether our im
ports and exports will be made to pay tribute to for
eigners or whether we shall have ships of our own
and pay tribute to none.
Total in American vessels $11,640,000,000
Imports in foreign vessels $18,722,000,000
Exports in foreign vessels 25.6$4,000,000
ONE of the strongest and most familiar argu
ments in favor of the enactment of legislation
to promote American shipping on the high
seas. is based upon the heavy tribute paid by Ameri
can industry to foreign ship-owners in the way of
freight rates on imports and exports. It is an ar
gument of indisputable validity, for the annual pay
ment of such tribute cannot be denied, biit attempts
have been made to weaken it by denying that the
amount of money thus expended is sufficiently large
to constitute a serious drain iipon our income. It
has not been found possible to calculate exactly the
real expenditure for freights, and as a consequence
there has been more or less skepticism concerning
the estimates of those who fix the sum at a total
large enough to make the argument impressive.
Such being the case, considerable interest at
taches to a new estimate made by W. J. Ballard for
the New York Financial News, and based upon a
careful review of our foreign trade by decades from
i860 to 1900 and for the years 1901 and 1902. The
figures thus obtained confirm the statements of
other experts who have calculated the drain to
amount to many millions a month. A summary of
Mr. Ballard's figures for imports and exports in
American ships as compared with shipments in for
eign vessels during the whole period of forty-three
years is stated in tabular form thus:
Imports in American vessels $6,369,000,000
Exports in American vessels 5,271.030,000
WILLIAM J. HASSETT LOOMS
UP IN SACRAMENTO POLITICS
NEW CUSTOMS
REGULATIONS
ARE ANNOYING
journalism is not among them. It is to be noted
that in the report of Leo's death there was no ques
tion of making what is called a "scoop." It was a
plain case of reporting a piece of news that every
body had been expecting for more than a week.
Therefore, when' London, Paris and Berlin received
the news of the death from New York instead of di
rect from Rome it was an evidence that newspaper
men in Europe are a little too slow to run daily papers
and should all of them be as frank as the editor of
Le Petit Journal of Paris,- who has more than once
announced that he does not undertake to do more
than "to publish to-day the news of yesterday under
the date of to-morrow."
TRIBUTE OF FREIGHT RATES.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FEIDAY, JULY 31, 1903.
The brace of tricksters who sought to cheat a man
out of the winning number in a lottery should be
subjected to a punishment not "' yet devised in re
fined cruelty. Anybody who would steal so unique
a thing as a winning coupon in a lottery is too mean
to: live and should not be permitted to: die easily.
SALINAS, July J 30.— Two shocks of
earthquake .were felt here at four min
utes past 11 o'clock last night.. The vibra
tions apparently, were i from west to east.
The Bhocks," which -were only a \ few sec
onds; apart,, did no other damage than
roiislmr the people from their slumber*.
Salinas , Feels Earthquake.
American colonists in Canada are startling the na
tives by naming streets in their new settlements by
American names. Thus in a new town near Regina
the four principal thoroughfares have been named
Washington, Lincoln, Grant and Garfield. That
looks as if the settlers intended not so much to mi
grate to Canada as to bring Canada to this country.
Astronomers say that Borelli's comet now flaming
in cur sky has a tail 3,000,000 miles long, and people
who have <Ufficulty in comprehending that length
taay solve it by remembering that the celestial freak
U just a little bit shorter than Bryan's tale of woe.
Some of the Federal officials stationed in. this city
have taken measures to show that in the performance
of their duty not even a threat of the 'impossible
shall daunt them. They have decided to 'block the
plans of wily Chinese who seek to enter this port
under the habeas corpus cloak.
VALLEJO, July 30.-7>Iust before noon
to-day Dr. "W. D. Anderson, a well-known
physician and : Healtlv Officer of the city
of Valiejo, was stricken with apoplexy
and now lies seriously ill at his home on
York street. - Dr. Anderson has been a
conspicuous figure in the history of VaJ.
lejo since his coming here inslS66. He is
well known to a host of Calif ornians
who will learn with regret of his prostra
tion.
6
Sheffield is the smokiest city in Eng-
land. In proportion to Its size it con-
sumes eight times as much coal as Lon-
don.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main IOC •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 50c a pound. In artistic fire-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friend3, 715 Market st.. above Call bldg. •
Look out for 81 Fourth (front of Barber,
grocer); best eyeglases, specs. 15c to 50c. •
Ill The 0 u ting Qir Fs | [ ]
I New Picture Fad I
You'll Never Guess What It Is Until You See the Full Page of Dar*. H
ingly "Strenuous" Photographs Prom Mountain H
and Seashore * In the Ii
NEXT SUNDAY CAJX
Also Two of the Best Short Stories of the Season, Which, of Conrss, h
Are Exclusive of the Clever Half -Hour Storiette Page.
TOE PRICKLY PIS RED MOUNTAIN NUPTIALS
ALSO — -;
FABLES FOR THE FOOLISH. NO. 1-THE SORROWS OF A SOUL f
I AXSO ' H
I WHY YOUR PHOTOS ARE BAD. I NEW INDIAN CRUELTIES." 1
By Charles Taylor Jr. J By Gen. A. A. Burt, U. S- A, S
Fourth and Most Exciting Installment Yet of \\
THE SPENDERS^ i
By Harry Leon Wilson. / ij
Wherein TTnde Peter Bines Brings Billy Brue to New York » Show |
I Him Fashionable Life in the Nickel Plush Hotel in tie H
Most Unique Way Imaginable. / IJ
-— -ALSO-^— / |ENERGETIC CHAIRMAN OF
PRECITA DRUM CORPS' PIC
NIC COMMITTEE.
NOTED COMEDIAN WHO WILL
COME TO THE COLUMBIA
NEXT WEEK.
The Supervisors' Light Committee yes
terday ordered arc lights to be placed at
Second avenue and C street and on the
crossings of Fillmore street at McAllister,
Turk, Bush, Pine and California, streets,
and at the , corner of Church and Thir
teenth streets. ¦ .
More Light for Some Streets.
U. Kaneco, a Japanese rancher from
Alvlso, Santa Clara County, swore to a
complaint before Police Judge Cabaniss
yesterday afternoon, . charging Young
Kow, a Chinese, with felony embezzle
ment. He said that Young Kow was his
overseer and he sent him to this city last
Tuesday to collect a bill of $851 55 from
Campod'onico & Burns, commission mer
chants, 501 Front street. Young Kow got
from them $250 cash and a check for the
balance of the account, which he cashed,
and has not been seen or heard of since.
Chinese Overseer Absconds.
The residence of Thomas Rennlllson,
2412 Harrison street, was entered on Mon
day afternoon during the absence of the
family in the country. Entrance was ef
fected through a rear window. On the
return of the family the burglary was dis
covered and it was found that a lady's
gold watch and neck chain, a ruby ring,
a . diamond collar-button and six silver
bangles, valued at $71, had been stolen.
The police were notified and Detectives
Graham and Fitzgerald were detailed on
the case. After making an investigation
they found that the burglary had been
committed by children from 5 to 6 years
of age living in the neighborhood. The
gold watch was discovered in the door
way of a house and the parents of the
children implicated promised to see that
the other articles stolen were returned to
the owners. Owing to the extreme youth
of the children no action was taken
against them.
Enter the Residence of Thomas Ren
nillson During Absence of ,
Family.
SMALL CHILDREN ACCUSED
OF COMMITTING BURGLARY
MOBILE, Ala., July 30. — Fire occurred In
Ceiba, Spanish Honduras, on July 15, and de
stroyed the building of the Vaccaro Bros.'
Steamship Company, the largest building in
Central America. The loss was $250,000.
This committee has arranged a number
of events in addition to a long programme
of dancing for the entertainment of those
who will assemble under the redwoods.
at Sunset Park next Sunday. This
corps has on previous occasions arranged
a very enjoyable outing in the Santa
Cruz Mountains for the other members of
the parlor and its many friends, and the
committee that this season has charge of
the affair Intends to make it fully as
pleasant as In the past .
A few evenings ago the members of the
corps held a downtown street parade to
let the people know what experts they
are with the sticks. The commute is com
posed of J. S. Earls, chairman; J. C. Grif
fin, secretary: D. J. Wren, treasurer; W.
A. Collins, I* H. P. Meljer, Frederick
Robertson, Al Thomas, Charles Johnson,
Otto Thomas, James II. Hanley and P. J.
Curtis.
THE Precita Drum Corps, composed
of members of Precita Parlor No.
187, Native Sons of the Golden
West, will hold its annual picnic
Arranges for Pleasant
Outing at Sunset
Park.
The Attorney General, in answer to. a
communication received June 17 from the
State Board of Equalization, asking for
advice as to whether the State Board of
Equalization or the Assessors of the city
and county of San Francisco and the
county of San Mateo had the authority
to assess tho lines now owned and ope
rated by the United Railroads, made an
swer yesterday through a communication
addressed to the State Board of Equali
sation, in which he advises that the
Board of Equalization assess all the rail
ways known as the United Railroads.
In answering the question the Attorney
General refers to a decision of the Su
preme Court that, under the provisions of
section 10 of article 13 of the constitution
of the State of California, the power to
assess the San Francisco and San Mateo
Electric Railroad Company was vested In
the State Board of Equalization. Justice
Henshaw, writing the opinion, bases the
decision on the meaning of the word
"railroads," as contained in that clause
of the constitution referred to. He refers
to the constitutional debates and quotes
extensively from those debates for the
purpose of showing that it was the inten
tion of the framers of the present consti
tution to provide that "where a railroad
was operated in but one county the As
sessor of that county was as competent
to fix the value as he was that of any
other property within his territory; that
there was an essential difference between
ralfroads so operated and those which
traversed two or more counties of the
State."
The Attorney General, In his communi
cation, also stated:
If the assessment of the United Railroads of
Ean Francisco he made only by the local As
sessor and It should later be determined by
the courts that such assessment is invalid,
serious results and losses to the city and State
must follow. If, however, an assessment be
made by both the local authorities and your
board, the legal rights of both the State and
the city will be saved. The local Assessor has,
I am Informed, made this assessment, and it
must be admitted that under the recent de
cision of the Supreme Court there Is grave
doubt whether this assessment will be held
valid. I therefore advise that the State Board
of Equalization assess all of the railways
known as the United Railroads, as the failure
to make such an assessment would seriously
endanger the Interests of the State and of the
city and county of San Francisco.
Says State Board of Equali
zation Should Fix Its
-. Property Values.
Attorney General Ad
vises Regarding the
United Railroads.
GIVES OPINION
ON ASSESSMENT
CHICAGO. July 30.— While excavating in
Forest Home Cemetery, this city, to-day work
men uncovered the graves of 'five Indians.
From ornaments, utensils and weapons found it
Is thought the bones are those of chiefs or per
sons who were of some Importance in the.In
dian tribe*.
There was filed and recorded during the
year a total <cf 33,112 documents, an increase
of C870 o\-er the preceding fiscal year. The
large number of building; contracts is a healthy
si«-n of the city's growth, there being a total
for the year of 1451. as against 1250 for the
preceding year. The latter months of the year
just closed show a substantial Increase In the
number of contracts filed, and this Indicates*
for a certainty a great degree of activity In
the construction of new buildings in the city
for months to come.
Tne ca«b receipts for the year amounted to
$54,077 70. being an Increase of JsVS.S 10 over
th» total for 1901-C2. The receipts for the year
were, of course, much, in fexcess of the re- ,
ceipts of any year since the present schedule
of fees has been In force. The total expenses
of the department for the year, amounted to
413,000. leaving a net profit of 111,077 70.
Recorder Godchaux filed his annual re
port with Mayor Schmitz yesterday. -The
report says: :; ,V :•
There Were Filed for Record 35,112
Documents and the Receipts
Were $54,077 7O.
RECORDER GODCHAUX
FILES ANNUAL REPORT
M. Cronan, a prominent wholesale liquor
merchant of Sacramento, walked^ into
Hayes-street car 156 yesterday afternoon
at Sansome and Market streets. He was
knocked down and badly bruised on the
head and face. Dr. Digglns, who at
tended to his injuries at the Harbor Re
ceiving Hospital, says that Cornan is suf
fering from concussion of the, brain. The
Injured man was removed to his lodgings
in the Hotel Ramona, where he Is rest-
Ing easily. -
Walks Into Streetcar.
The Auditor thereupon signed the de
mands of all the employes whose salaries
had been raised.
Hon. K. E. Schmitz. Mayor City and County
of Sa.n Francisco— Dear Sir: Your communi
cation of the V.nti lnet. relative to the salaries
recently fixed for employes of the Board of
Public Works and the Board of Health came
duly to hand and received my careful con
sideration. Th« section* of the charter to
which you refer vert the authority to fix sala
ries In the respective boards. The boards are
directed to fix them on the. basis of similar
services In private Institutions. This is a
direction to these boards and rives them the
determination of tbeee questions, and not me.
The boards b&ve acted on matters strictly with.
In then- jurisdiction. I don't think I have
any authority to review their action. If they
ha,v« acted beyond their power it is your duty
to proceed againn tfc%n and compel them to
corrert their mistakes. Respectfully yours,
HARRY BAEHR. Auditor.
Auditor Baehr sent the following com
munication yesterday, to Mayor Schmitz
in reply to the latter's protest against
paying the Increased salaries of certain
employes fixed by the Boards of- Heaiih
and Public Works:
July 30. 1903.
Auditor Baehr Informs Mayor
Schmitz That Charter Gives Them
the Necessary Power.
SAYS TWO BOARDS HAVE
BIGHT TO RAISE SALARIES
The committee postponed action for
two weeks on the petition of business
colleges that their pupils be granted the
half fare privilege, advising the petition
ers to take the matter up with the United
Railroads. /
"The company still insists on its rights
to maintain the Mission tracks," said
Burke. "A proposition may be made to
operate the road by electricity, as Mr.
Herrin still believes that an agreement
may be reached to that effect. I suggest
that the matter be left open for the pres
ent in tho possibility of some agreement
being reached."
"As soon as we know whether or not the
board intends to grant the privilege for
tracks along Islals Creek," Bald City En
gineer Grunsky, "we can act on the ques
tion of certain grade changes. Until a
resolution of intention is passed I cannot
make estimates of damages."
Burke said that Herrin had agreed that
Grunsky shall fix the damages due to
Rrado changes, these to be paid by the
company.
Julius Kahn, representing the fruit
peddlers, made application that an or
dinance be passed whereby they may con
tinue to operate their business on public
streets. J. H. Creely held that the board
had no right to grant permanent en
croachments, and Kahn's application was
denied. *
The offer- of Charles L. Patton to sell
land required for opening of East Park
and Richland avenues for the sum of
$1500 was ac6epted.
During the discussion the committee
expressed Itself again against recom
mending under any conditions the contin
uance of the tracks in the Mission dis
trict, even if the residents of the Mission
should petition the board to retain the
tracks provided the station ¦ at Twenty
fifth and Valencia streets should be re
opened.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
again postponed action yesterday until
September 3, 1903, on the application of
the Southern Pacific Company for a fran
chise along the bay shore. Jere T. Burke
renewed his request for a continuance
which he had made at the last meeting,
but the committee made a proviso that if
it be deemed expedient the matter wouM
be taken up bfefore the time set, after due
notice to the railroad officials.
Southern Pacific Com
pany So Informs the
Supervisors.
WILL ELECTRIZE
MISSION TRACKS
Much interest isj>elng manifested In the
open-air performance or "As Vou lUie It"
to be given as a testimonial to Nance
O'Neil at Sutro Heights on Saturday and
Sunday afternoon and evening. Miss
O'Neil will appear for the first time as
Rosalind, and James J. Corbett is to
play the part of Charles the wrestler.
Testimonial to Nance O'Neil.
The letter of transmittal to the Mayor
Figned by M. J. Casey as president of the
board scores his Honor for preventing the
publication of the monthly bulletin.
The Health Officer reports that 32S6 im
mature calves were condemned, and 16,424
inspections and 2260 abatements of nuis
ances were made. He calls attention to
the inconvenience and positive injury re
sulting from the suppression of the
monthly bulletin of the Health Depart
ment by the Mayor, and urges that means
be found to secure the publication of the
journal, and, If necessary, that legal
messages be adopted.
There were 1GS2 admissions to the Aims
house and S45 discharges. The total ex
penditures • were $84,711 29. The amount
expended for maintenance of the City and
County Hospital was $104,999 92, leaving an
unexpended balance of 8 cents in the ap
propriation.
The annual report of the Board of
Health was filed with Mayor Schmitz yes
terday, and it contains elaborate details
of the work of the various departments
during the fiscal year just ended. The
report calls attention to the splendid ad
ministrations of the City and County Hos
pital and the Almshouse. The suggestion
is made that legislation be enacted to
compel childreji to support, their parents
to relieve congested attendance at the
Almshouse.
Scores Mayor Schmitz for Suppress
ing the Publication of Regu
lar Monthly Bulletin.
HEALTH BOARD SUBMITS
ITS ANNUAL REPORT
Later Policeman CulHnan arrested Dan
le! Lawlor at 18 Heron street on suspicion.
Markman picked out Lawfor from half a
dozen men at the City Prison as one of
the men who had robbed him, and swore
to a complaint before Police Judge Ca
baniss charging Lawlor with the crime.
Lawlor has a bad record. On July 5, 1882;
September 2, 1S85, and January 3, 1S87, he
was sent to the Industrial School, twice
for petty larceny and once for burglary;
January 20, 1890, he was sent to the House
of Correction for thirty days for petty
larceny; January 16, 1891, he was sent to
the County Jail for six months for petty
larceny, reduced from grand larceny. On
May 21, 1895, he was held to answer for
robbery, but on October 2 was acquitted
In the Superior Court. Lawlor was re
leased yesterday afternoon on $1000 bonds.
He denies the charge.
Charles Markman, a cement worker, liv
ing at 333 Thirteenth street, reported to
Policeman Guest early yesterday morning
that he had been robbed by two men on
Mission street, between Eighth and Ninth
streets. He said he had been in a sa
loon at Eighth and Mission streets in the
company of the two men, and after leav
ing tlje Saloon they robbed him of a silver
watch and 514 In coin.
While talking to the policeman D. W.
Kilday passed, and Markman pointed to
him and said he was one of the men who
robbed him. Kilday was taken to the sa
loon, but the bartender said he had not
been there that night. Guest searched
Kilday. but found nothing on him, and he
did not feel justified in placing him un
der arrest.
Charles Markman Identifies Daniel
Lawlor as One of the Al
leged Footpads.
SAYS HE WAS ROBBED, *
BY TWO STRANGERS
A celebrity of the Fortnightly Club tn a
sanitarium. Read the AVasp. *
City to open the second tour of
"The Vinegar Buyer" at the Columbia
Theater next Monday night.
The missing member of the cast is W.
E. Bonnie, who Is coming across the
country as fast as the Limited can bring
him, and he will arrive Sunday morning.
Owing to the illness of one of the mem
bers of the cast Llebler & Co. found it
necessary to quickly nil the place and se
lected Mr. Bonnie. This actor will be re
membered for his magnificent portrayals
of the King In Viola Allen's production of.
"In the Palace of the King," and as Nero
in the big production of "Quo Vadis." He
has a. copy of the part and will be able to
have sufficient rehearsals after his arrival
here to be In form for Monday's perform
ance. The telegraphic report that Ken
dall may not be able to open Monday
night is, therefore, an error.
RZRA KENDALL and his com
pany, that is, all but one of the
players, will arrive here this
morning direct from ¦ New York
"Vinegar Buyer" Will Be
Played Next Mon
day Night.
The board awarded the contract for
heating- and ventilating the Noe Valley
School building to R. Dalzell Jr. for $5779.
"This matter is important," said
Schmitz, who. was laboring under sup
pressed excitement. "These men have
been removed for no cause, unless it be
political, and I as Superintendent of
Buildings demand of this department to
know the reason for their removal. The
board established a precedent when I re
moved R. H. Campbell from his position
as elevator conductor at the Hall of Jus
tice that no employe of the department
shall be removed without a trial and for
cause. I insist, Mr. Casey, that you re
main to take this matter up."
"Well, I have no time to consider the
matter now," said Casey, who appeared to
be anxious to get away from prospective
hostilities. Casey then left the meeting.
After Casey had left Schmitz turned to
Manson and asked that the removal of
the men be reconsidered, but Manson,
who has formed an alliance with Casey,
said he knew nothing about it, not having
bren consulted by Casey. Schmitz, who
realized that he was helpless, said:
"Well. I want to say that I will instruct
these men to continue in their positions
and to refuse to submit their resignations.
The president of this board assumes ar
bitrary powers when he takes it upon
himself to remove employes on his own
account. He is acting like a Czar. He is
a usurper and a tyrant, and I do not pro
pose to stand for it. These men must be
given a hearing or I will know the reason
why, even if it is necessary to sue out a
writ of Injunction."
Manson declined to consider the ques
tion in Casey's absence, and the meeting
¦was adjourned.
Later Schmita sent a letter to the four
men whom Casey had removed, stating
that the notice requesting their resigna
tion was unauthorized and without the of
ficial sanction . of the Board of Works.
Schmitz further said that as one of the
members of the board he declined to par
ticipate In an act of injustice, and advised
that until further notice, and at least
j after a fair hearing, the men should dis
j repard Its provisions.
Commissioners Casey and Schmitz again
locked horns yesterday at v a meeting of
the Board of Public "Works over the re
moval of John Murphy and J. P. Magee,
engineers at the Hall of Justice; W. M.
Jones, engineer at the Fourth Btreet
bridge, and P. M. Duffy, elevator con
ductor at the Hall of Justice, all of whom
are appointees of the Mayor. Letters had
been sent Wednesday to the men 'named
stating that by order of President Casey
their services wouJd no longer be required
after 5 p. m. July 31, and calling on them
to send their resignations by return mail.
At the close of the meeting Schmitz
drew from his pocket the letters sent to
the men, saying that he desired the mat
ter to be considered. Casey said the
meeting had been called for a special pur
pose, to award a bid.
Patrick O'Connell, superintendent of
horses of the San Francisco Fire De
partment, has been suspended from duty
pending an investigation into charges of
his alleged violation of the rules and reg
ulations of the department. The suspen
sion la the outcome of the efforts of Com
missioner J. S. Parry to revenge himself
on the superintendent because he gave
important testimony against him on the
occasion when the Commissioner was un
der fire for selling a colt.
O'Connell has occupied the position for
the last three years and during that time,
he says, no complaint has ever before
been made against him. He says he has
given close attention to his work, and
points with pride to the appearance of
.the corporation yard, over which he is
superintendent.
Unfortunately for O'Connell, he incurred
the enmity of Commissioner Parry by
testifying that he received an order from
him to. turn over a colt to William S. Scott.
He testified before the Mayor that he had
received the order in the afternoon, but
later corrected his testimony before the
Grand Jury by saying he got it in the
morning. Ever since that time Parry has
been O'Connell's Nemesis. He has tried
to have him removed from S the position
be now holds and has partly succeeded.
O'Connell, however, does not Intend to
sit Idly by and have his bread and butter
taken from him. Through his attorney,
D. C. Murphy, he has secured an injunc
tion from the Superior Court preventing
the Commissioners from removing him.
This injunction will come up on Monday
for hearing before Judge Murasky.
He was also ordered to appear before
the Board of Fire Commissioners this
morning to show cause why he should not
be transferred from the position of su
perintendent of horses to active duty. He
filed a petition for an injunction and
Judge Murasky ordered the Commission
ers to appear before him on Monday.
In the meantime O'Connell, on the ad
vice of his attorney, has declined to va
cate the cottage he occupies next to the
building used for housing the horses. He
says he will not give up the fight until
the court has settled the matter. He
thinks the proceedings are unjust and he
believes the whole affair is a scheme to
oust him in order that Parry may install
some henchman in his place.
Following Is a copy of the letter handed
him yesterday by Assistant Chief Dough
erty:
Patrick O'Connell, Superintendent Horses, S.
F. F. D. — Sir: You are hereby notified that
you have been this day suspended from further
duty In this department, pending an Investiga
tion of charges to be filed against you for
violation of the rules and regulations of this
department. D. F. SULJJVAN,
Chief of Department,
Mayor's Brother Objects to
Arbitrary Action of
Commissioner.
Takes Legal Steps to Hold
Position in Fire De
partment.
Superintendent O'Con
• nell Is Suspended by
Chief Sullivan.
Casey and Schmitz Give
Further Evidence of
Bad Peeling.
AGAIN WRANGLE
OVER REMOVALS
PARRY'S SPITE
LANDS A VICTIM
THE SAN VBANGISCO CALL, FKIDAY, JULY 31; 1903.
NATIVE SONS
DRUM CORPS
WILL PICNIC
EZRA KENDALL
WILL ARRIVE
HERE TO-DAY
7
HEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
WTRELESS TELEGBAPHY
Is the Result of Prolonged Study and
Deep Besearch.
Marconi— the wireless wizard— did not
stumble accidentally upon the principles
of his marvelous Invention.
It was only by deep and prolonged study
of the cause of certain known phenomena
in nature that he was able to produce the
startling effect.
Many people in speaking of hair restor-
ers have a way of bunching: them all to-
gether without discrimination.
Herplcide is as different from other so-called
"hair restorers" and "remedies" as day Is
from night.
. It is a scientific preparation prepared for the
sole purpose of destroying the scalp microbe
that causes dandruff and falling; hair.
¦ Bold' by leading drugirlsts. Send 10c In
stamps for sample to The Herplcide Co.,
Detroit, Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children,
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /rf - SZSfr+^T
Signature of C^iV5fA!&&&S£
AMUSEMENTS,
AT f( A7 AD Belasco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR £ £-&*
- Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ON*!/?.
GREATEST TRIUMPH OP
WHITE WHITTLESEY
In the First San Francisco Production of Hall
Calne's Great Heart Interest Drama.
THE MANXMAN
Better Than "The Christian."
Evg3., 23c to 75c; Mats. Thura. & Sat., 13c to 6O0
Next Monday — Mr. Whittlesey In
THE BUTTEBFLIES.
E7 Watch for tho Greatest of Rural Plays.
THE DAIRY FARM,
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.; 8AT-
TJRDAY. 8:00 P. M.)
SUNDAY ...., i..8:30 P M.
LOS ANGELES vs. OAKLAND.
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale, 8 Stockton St.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
STEIINWAY HALU
223 Sutter Street.
Have you seen him? A biff success. Fascina-
ting; Instructive'. Marvelous!
j|||% tySdall
XwJ5kcjs3?|»J^^»2\M "TELEPATHT: Lost
Reserved Seats. 25c, 50c and 76c. On sale at
Box-otflce Saturday. 10 to 4; Sunday. 7 p. tn.
BAY EXCURSION
On Steamer Columbia, Sunday. August 2. for
Antioch, San Joaquin River, stopping at B«n-
icla. Lunch served on steamer at city prices.
Union band. Large space for (lancing. Leaves
Wabhlngton-st. wharf. Pier 3.\at 10 a. m.
w^^_^
XT A I L« W /m \mJ 1^ Ct Ct
Scrupulous care in the bottling department is a Blatz law. Th» most im-
proved and sanitary methods known to science are there in use* .
Every bottle Is sterilized and every precaution exercised.
> At club or cafe or delivered in bottles to- the home.
Blatz is the beer of quality. ».
BLATZ;; M ALTrVIVINE > 10 purpose<t -
BRAyNSCHWEIGER & CG.|Inc.
S orjd 7 Drumm St. Sap Fraocisco. Telephone Main 1646, Wbol«»ql« Dealers.
I SAPIXG BUSINESS or»I.IJ:GE OF THE
TVFPT. U» Pr«*. s=t.. Pan Fmnrtsco. Cal.
•" T.V'.irhf J 4^ yean Op»-n entire year.
TTritc tor iiluytrated ratakgue (free).
V-tiial VjF'.nes* bookkpppin*: <*'? *«P*rt ac-
<-rur.tant? &nJ leiioiW as teachers; Gregg
!-!>Ttha:id easu'Ft. tuSltA and most readable.
I>ay ar.d «>v*r.::-,c. 6eod (or catalogue to Col-
i«gp. i£',t; M»rk<-; ri.
POLYTECHNIC
Ml Business College and
W\- School of Engineer-
j^jgynLyVrfrV »"*• Oakland. Cal.
Largest and t«-st
JE9iV*^u1K32sJ tQu'PP^d school of
iHBjtyyit t . Wvj)(-3I 1 .>;:<; 5 shorthand
•KfHaaS^-fiSjHl^ * n<3 wf*>t
$£ZhT%M 0 l It/£u> °, f Chicago. Perfect
J23ft-ErS»CBWn*"*i- ol tmate, expenses low.
¦• "Write for free 100-
'" r ;i -P p catalogue.
MILLS COLLEGE AMD SEMINARY
(TOR YOUNG LADIES).
Confers Degrees and Grants Diplomas.
S-j«r,:r.ary r-^urs* 1 atVr»d!ted to the universl-
- V-i >a<2ir-|: Eastern cc<!l€£es; rare eppor-
tunirip.- orrerej in music, art and elocution.
Tbllty-ei«*t* yetr. Kail term open* August
IJ ;<><¦'.. .Vrite for catalogue to MRS. C. T.
HTLLS; PR*.. MHis College P. O.. Cal.
SACRED HEART EVENING COM-
MERCIAL SCHOOL,
'V.:: EIABT COLLEGE. Zlij aai Lirkit Sti.
CLASSES CFEU KCKDAT. ACGCET 3, 1803.
at 7:15 p. a.
J HN ]fltYfcRl>CK 1 L
S41 F LTON ST.. San Francisco. CaL
I^aiir.ir Musical College of the Coast.-
:>HTF»"t school, thcrourh course, able teachers.
Write for 1&03 Catalogue.
SAINT MARGARET'S SCHOOL
PAN MATEO.
Arrr<*5i?p<i to Stanford, reopens August 26 in
nvw Vj:;*ir.F» on Monte Dleblo ave. Modern
tea iwementi. For further information or cir-
ri.;*-* fiidnst (MISS) I. L.. TEBBETTS.
/oairOrrVI©^ era School. S00 po-
V I rvCCfv sitions in past year.
1^-^11 _ X^T C0 "P a ee catalogue.
(Q* ' g.*\gj 305 LABEIN ST,
\*S San Francisco.
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE
The r.ext reason beriss August 4. 1903
r.OEERT G. KEXN-A, 6. J., President.
Hitchcock Military Academy,
SAB BArAEL. CAT., .
s^paratp rviidir-.g for IltUe boys. Xtnas term
«-iH. begin ot; August 17.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL
ufiiea will be rpsumpd MONDAY Aurust 3
BKO. ZENOXIAX. President. '
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PEiiM.TA PARK, BERKELET.
rr an<* lay school for toys unier 15 year*
'•'n" ce V Ptu!i ~ foir.monce MONDAY. August 3,
Ff -.id for prctp^ctus to Bro. Genebran.
COLLEC f E ,N° J l O^ O C T^ E DAME -
ffl^22P%Z? r - Q***" derroes. grant*
"W"* Co»p*e preparatory accredited Con-
**rvator>- court*. Intermediate an1 primary
<!"[>;.r:n;f;.ts for younger children. Studies re-
t-um^ August *, 1003.
«ud«ts : jB e si«t«r begins August ™>* * tO
ANDERSON ACADEMY^
VjJLLIAM TALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
"£,™ LI IN SCHOOL
THE LYCEU/Vl
;£?,« v * -a • trersre you v.fl\- refer-
. L- H. GRAT-. Ph. P.. Principal.
THE JENNEMORROWLONG COL-
LEGE OI VOICE AND ACTION.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATIOM,
PARTlNGTONr:, 4«i pr.VE ST
Oldest School in America. '
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOR BOYS. Mer.lo Park. California. Prepares
; , r = n> : ?~!1SS5! or , for b "«i"e«- Send for
. ..-ftra^-d rttalcgue. IRA G. HOITT. Ph. D
£_r:ncjpfci. Fall term cp»ns August 11.
BEUV2ONT SCHOOL,
FOR BOYP. BELMONT. CAL...
openi for new pupils August 10: for former
pnpfll Accost 12. Catalogue and book of views
on Kpxdleatknt.
•K. T. i:niD. A- M. (Harvard). H<?td Master.-
a\ V,J? 1 1 A cASCm K mi- iM. *C^K
. CUTLERS
EVERyBLADEMRRANTH)
— —
RDTTOU17O ro1 * BARBERS. BA-
CI\ M OX1HO ker *' tx» tbl « clc ». t»»tb-
v hon«e«. billiard tablea.
trtwera. bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera,
cyen, dour mills.'. foundries, laundries, paper-
i.frngers. printers. painters. shoe factories.
tiablemen. tar-rocSr*. tanners, tailors, etc.
2UCEAKAN BKOS.,
Brush Manuf acttr en, C09 Sacramento St.
IA/. T.\ H ESS,
K0TAXT rPBUC AID ATTOBSTST-AT-LAW.
Teeth Floor. Room 1^5. Caut Spreckels bldfc
Telephor* Main 9S3.
Residence. KZl Calif*-nia St.. below PowelL
Residence Telejhone James ISOL
GRANP8SS&
MATIXEE TO-MORROW.
SECOND WEEK— EVERT NIGHT.
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY
And Oar Superb New Tork Company ta
The New Whimsical Musical Eccentricity.
| IN WALL STREET
The Same Production as Used by the Rogers
Brothers at ths Victoria Theater.
N«w Tork.
NEW SONGS. SPECIALTIES.' ETC.
Next— "IN HARVARD."
PRICES— 23c. 50c. 75c
VALID VAUDEVILLE!
Hme. Konorah; James J.- Morton;
Macart's Dogs and Monkeys;
Claudius and Corbin and the Bio-
graph. Last times of Claude Gil-
lingwater and Company; Ethel
Levey; Orpheus Comedy Company
Four and the Three Polos.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Box Seat*
a-nd Opera Chairs, 50c.
V U la U ffflJS&jl £& LEADING THEATE5
Last 2 Nlgbts— Matinee Saturday!
Amelia Bingham
And Her Company tn Clyde Fitch's Plays.
To-night 'THE CLIMBERS.'*
Mat Bat "THE FRISKT MRS. JOHNSON."
Sat. Night.. "THE FRISKT MRS. JOHNSON."
Beginning NEXT MONDAT. August 3.
"THE COMEDIAN TOU ALL KNOW."
EZRA KENDALL
In His Great Starring Comedy Success.
"THE VINEGAR BUYER"
A License for Laughter. Seats Now R«a^^«
IfAblFORNTft
VA Dramatic Triumph. ff 8 *
VJ^±XmI.'jAUS.OSCO CO. P 1
Presenting Genevlave Halne's
17C Brilliant Society Drama, rrx
.iO HEASTS APLAME. .id
(j/% With the most brilliant stage j-r"v
a)U effects ever seen. Six nlghM aHJ
_ _ only. SOUVENIR MATI- n -
XO NEE SaTURDAT. Next jCO
Sunday night. "Janlca Mere-
dith," the Greatest of AIL
T Tuesday Evening. August 4. raa
Eagles' Night. ff~
MEATRU
TIVOLrsgS&L
EVERT NIGHT and BATURDAT MATINEX.
Second Week of the Great Succesa of
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
In De Koven'a Comic Opera.
"The Highwayman"
Her Special Engagement Has Proved to B« th»
Event of the Theatrical Season.
SPECIAL CAST.
EDWIN STEVENS In the great part of
FOXT QUILLER; Arthur Cunningham. Ferris
Hartman, Edward Webb. Annie Meyers. Bertha
Davis, with tho Tlvoll's Superb Company and
Orchestra.
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 80c. 73a
Telephone Bush 9.
¦ .. j . - • Proprietors.
Market St., Near Eighth. Phone South S33.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT.
The New Tork and London Success,
"A LION'S HEART."
WITH—
HERSCHEL MAYALL
And the CENTRAL STOCK COMPANT.
Intense Heart Interest! Thrilling Climaxes!
Brilliant Comedy!
DDTPCC Evenings lOo to B0«
rKlttD Matlne«s 10c. 13c. 23O
MONDAT. AUGUST S— Edwla Arden'i
Famous Russian Drama. "ZORAH."
Third Week of the Great Sucetss
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE"
COMBINED WITH
"THE THREE MUSKEETERS."
THE "ALL STAR" CAST
I KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRT HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
And ti»e Only Chorus.
RESERVED SEATS: Nights 23a, 60s sad
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 2Soand
50c; Children at Matin***. 10a and 25c.
Next Great Double Bill. Monday. August 19.
"THE BIO LITTLE PRINCESS" — "QTJO
VASS ISS."
SUTRO JffilGHTS.
SATURDAT AND SUNDAT AFTERNOONS
AND EVENINGS. August 1 and 2.
4 OPEN-AIR FER2-OR11ANCE3 «
' Monster Testimonial to
NANCE O'NEIL
Who Will Maka Her First Appeaxaac* a*
"ROSALIND" In a. Magnificent
Production of
"AS YOU LIKE IT."
As Unequaled Cast. Iacludlnr
James J* Corbett
r -j^ Am "Caarlcs." the Wrestler.
Reserved Seats. $1 and $1 SO.
_ •¦ ¦ On Sal* at Sherman. Clay A Co.'*.
THE THREE KUH.MS.
High -Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evenlni In the Theater.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THi:
POUND AND ONE-HALF BABT AND HI3
COMPANIONS
IN THS INFANT INCUBATORS.
THREE BABT TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN SATURDAY NIGHT
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. Be.
PafcirA DOirr FAIL T0
lalaWV see the beautiful
1 COURT Lounging
3 fi/l room. the EMPIRE
dUU PARLOR, the
« - PALM ROOM.the
II rflfifl LOUIS XV PAR-
liiailU LOR, and the LA-
O j 1 DIES' WRITINO
Hotels roomBritt will have none of these draw
backs to contend with to-nigh^; His
training, while somewhat hurried,; has
been satisfactory to his advisers. He will
have (VSpider" Kelly in his corner to
night and that counts for much \vl«t; him.
What looks on public form an even
money proposition has developed into
Britt being made a i\i to 10 choice. Even
at these liberal odds O'Keefe has few
supporters, the Britt money going beg
ging. >' - : v
Britt's friends figure that" he had
O'Keefe beaten at Portland when the un
fortunate- foul occurred and only lost
through ill luck. At Butte the Californian
had but scant preparation. Together with
this he was fighting under difficulty, es
pecially in the matter of being warned by
the Sheriff, which tended to make him
overcautious. - ';_ : ;¦¦¦
IN their efforts .to get their money on
Jimmy Britt In his fight to-night in
Mechanics' Pavilion with .Jack
O'Keefe, the friends of the } Cali
fornian seem willing to give any
odds. \ .-' ¦.
"WASHINGTON, July 30.— German trade with
the United States last year was enormous, ac
cording to Consul General Mason, who reports
that the value of German exports to the United
States during the fiscal year ended July 1, last,
was $119,778,625, or a net Increase of $1^064,561
©ver the preceding fiscal year. v .'•--' ¦-, .'¦vf .-.'
mlHHi II ill i| I i i *T ii i Ii i i -iniMiittsMimiM itlT *f * ~
. * CHICAGO,' July 30.— Close matches were
the -order; to-day - in the golf- tournament
at Onwentsia for the Ravenoaks cup.
With '¦¦:? the /.completion . of 'the fifth and
semi-final. rounds Walter Egan of Exmoor
arid ' Roswell Murdy ' of Riverside are left
to fight It out tof morrow, in the finals.
Winners: in Golf Tournament.
-55* LONDON; . July 30.— Rabelais >on ".the
~Goodwood cup (of - 2000 sovereigns, for
three-year-olds and upward, tw ; ' miles
and a half)", at the Goodwood " K race""meet
ing to-day. Cappa White was second and
Merry Saint came"; third. : • Eight horses
ran."- •- . ;—;•¦¦..'
Goodwood Cup for Rabelais.
XEW YORK. July 30.— Nearly 2000 young
•rotten who compose the 'Wrappennakerr Union
arc on strike lor a 3-hour flay. .
CHICAGO, July S«.— Arthur Srtiw and
Harry^Wald^r, both loe^ men, will com
pete in the Shalsfor fee honor of chal
lenging the Western tennis champion.
Krfcigh Collins. Miss Carij^rg3. Neeley of
Chr-jago will p^ay Miss Wmona Closter
man of Cincinnati for the right Ap chal
lenge tile .Western champion, MlssrMyrtle
McAteer of Pittsburg. This is the sltua
tionln the Western tennis tournament at
Kenwood as a result of to-day's play.
\a; - ~^z m
T« Challenge Westfjn Champjons.
NAHANT. aiass.. July 30— The' chief
event of the invitation- tennis 'tournamer^.
at the NaliantjClub this afternoon cen
tered In the.maJch between H. ,p...Wrenn
snd IL S." Mahoney,'- the -/British player,
w-blch was left unfinished "Yesterday on
account of rain. Wrenn won the match,
6—3. 7—5. H-, L- Dougherty defeated G.
L. Wrenn. B^-1, &— "L In the doubles the
Doherty brothers played a fast. exhibition
xrith Codman and Horton, trinnlnp , 6—3,
British Tennis Player Lt**es.
Trout for Santa Clara Streams
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. '*ily 30., - It i
ha. b«ien announoeil" bfr Dr ; A. W. I^rke* I
president of- the Kish and GamC Ass~:Ia
tinn o' SantaV Clara County, tri
streamts of this county will Ve striked
with : iinbow trouti«?arly in August The
Fish Commission Is to send from T^i&O to
300.000 of the fish from the hatchery at
Sfssons; in Shasta County. Fpi ' shipr^ent
the fish will, be placed' in large Cans and a
man will t^comoany. them .to keep" the
water perfectly ..copied"., and, .5ufflr*?ntlyj
ceratcd. -The railroad furnishes thc-wans
portation free.
Middle-Weight Champion Joins .the
Training Camp at Croll's. Gardens.
.' Tommy Ryan, that astute • star " of the
priz? ring, will from, to-day until the con
clusion of the next big battle for- the
championship of the pugilistic world, be
with James J. Corbett, to give, the latter
all the benefit of his wide experience a»
a knight of /the gloves. Ryan-was ex
pected to put :in- his -appearance at Cor
bett'S training- camp ° at .Croll's Gardens
in Alameda:..yesterday';: but business pre
vented. .-Tommy" will; Join- .the ex-cham
pion's: staff °of trainers and advisers to
day;':' 1 ;'. c '¦ \ .:'•-.•'¦¦.; .o- ¦"••;. ¦¦';•: ." •
y. Corbett has great faith in Ryan^s judg
.menf' of fights and fighters and now feels
:that since Jje will -.have . the man behind
him who is accredited with making, a
champion o out'; of James J. i Jeffries his
chabVes of -downing*. that massive idol' of
the squared arena are bettered.
Boxing.-, and >:' road running constituted
Jim's exercise yesterday, v In- the. morn-:
ing he waded into Sam Berger and Yank
Kenny for ten rapid rounds, „ taking on
each, man alternately. He then -indulged
in Rvrnnaatic turns that, pleased his fancy,
and vent through, the"- rub down 'process
under. the direction "of the watchful Pro
fessor, Tommy Dare. " Insthe ¦ afternoon
Corbett and, Berger took to'the road for
an.eight-mile jaunt, returning to camp In
a; frisky mood.
RYAN WITH CORBETT.
2:10 trot: purse, $1500 — The Roman won two
straight h**ts and the race. Time, 2:10, 2:11%.
Dan T, DwA Wilke, A J D and Silver Signal
also started. ' - ' ,
2:21 trot; purse, $WCX> — Roblnsola won the
first and third -heats and ' the race. Time,
2:12% 2:12\^' .Monroe, won the second beat. In
2 '12%. Lucy Lee, Parthfa, Dark Secret and
Maud Carlisle, Also started.
Free-for-all pace ; ' purse, . $1500 — Dan It 'won
two straight heats and the race. Time, 2:05Vi,
2:05%. Knox's Getallne, King and Coney also
started. .
O., July 30.— Handbooks
/were run much "more bbldly than on' the
previous £ays'. Tb^ crowd witnessed the
."defeat of Jhree favorites. ..Summary: |
¦2:11 pace; purse'.; $1000— Miss' Willamont won
theeecond and thlrd;heatS;ln'-2:07^, o 2:0!)Vi.
Pauline G woo the' flrsf- heat In-2:07%. . Jocles
co and Polar Wtlkes'also" started. •:-•• • •- .-. •-•• *
¦- 2-19 *rot; purse.v $2000-^-Jay McGregg-. won
two straight heats and the: race.'v. Time, 2:10%,
'2:11%. Gray .-.Gem.:; McAdaros. Jr.,> • Katrlna,
Lady Patchie," -Nlcolette ¦ and; Judge Green also
started. •• .. --v •?••-•¦"<-:? v. ; ' .°--'-- ,;•- • J--,:iv.
1 ALBAX.Y, N. Y., July 3O.-The much
advertised trotting race between \Major
Delmar The Abbot at Albany Park
to-day for a purse of $2500 was in all re
spects disappointing. It was a slow race
and Major Delmar won in straight heats.
Time, 2:15Vi, 2:14Vi. There was very little
money, wagered on The Abbot, odds being
eold at 23 to'5.^;--
Majfer Delmar. Easily De
feats The Abbot" at •
Albany Park. .
DOItVAL, Quebec, July 30.— The contest
cf the Seawanhaka cup, now in the pos
session of the Royal St. Lawrence Yacht
Club, was begun here to-day. The Tho-
Irclla III defended the cup against the
Kolutoo of the Manchester (Mass.) Yacht
Club. T*:* course was a trt^njgular one
of one auid a third miles a" side, to be
pa'Jed over threr^ti^nes witbjn-a ( r time
hm't of three hours and a,quarter. At
the end of the first round *-Uie Thofella
led by f our minutes and ( *wt^ seconds.* In
the second round . <he '\Janadiar # • boa*
guinea more than Bijjklmlnutes ojj tK^firsi
and second lege- ana' fltiisrjM tne
S 3:07 At 2:15 the Kolutof gSg*e up thr
ra^e. ; The Thort^la crossed the^flnbgiii.^
line 'at 3:44:40, winning the firit ot th*
Bcries. > . ' #
Thorella HI W^ins First Race.
Helena and Tacoma in Eleven-Inning 1
Tie Game on Latter's Grounds.
TACOMA. July 30. — Without a show of aa
excuse 'for so doing. Umpire Houston called to
day's came at the end of the eleventh innins
on account of darkness. It was a slow, stub
bornly fought contest. Tacoma earned a run
in the first and Thompson forced in th» jther
In the sixth. Fay's error gave Helena one run
and they earned ."be other. Loucke* struck
out fourteen men. Score:
K. H. E.
Helena 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0— 2 « «
Tacoma 10 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 0—2 19 3
Batteries— Thompson and Carrisch; L<»»clies
and Byert.
SEATTLE. July 30.— Dennis McCarthy re
ceived gilt-edged support to-day. Gl!«*an was
the star, scripting eleven chances .itnout a
skip. 8to»jci was ht. b-n* and his support
waa poor. Score: • & H
Seattle . .....'.. JO 002 02 21 jc—« XQ I
Salt Lake.., 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0— 1 S 5
Batterle*VMcCa/thy «nd Stanley Sfvpher
and Andersen.
BUTTE, iront.,.July 30.— Xo gam* here to
day: rain. *
. SPOCANfcH July 30.— It took ten Innings t«j
> decide to-da-.'s contest between. Los Augeles
and a pokanr -rilldebrand and SUgle pitched
mag.'.flcent b«n. Krrors gave Los Angeles two
of, he" runs. Attendance, 1500. Score:
- . • . R. H.. fc.
Spokane ...'.. J«)«»'.H1 0—2 '. !i 3
Lo« Angeles.. . .000" 0u! 0 0 1—3 11 2
Batteries— SJ-<tl<? wud" 5 Hanson: Hltfebrand
and Hlldebrant^ I'mplre— Warner.
Mor« than ..alf population of the
• ear*n **\a dire 0 tciiss t^ the Pacifl".
FOURTEEN MEN STRIKE OUT.
& Puppy etake,** twentv-four entries — Castle
£laney Boy vs. Irish IQd; Star Sylvanus vs.
King ra-tn; Trotting B?b vs/ Gunpowder;
Joeing ?-Ily vs. LVtsa.fh: Encore vs. St.
lSuls Boy; G-,f'l3en L-"«« vs. Ma^» Stuff; Rag
time vs. Lady AnselnSi, Don»ywook vs. Rac
ing Glancer; Duhallow *-w b»i Rob; Black
Swan vs. Eqvto •, HaiK^ome Jim vs. Recruit;
»^lng < < jn Tra~-"-v». Bai*y
Op**i» stak-", »«u^ty-six estrJWs — Lexington vs.
Rienzi; •CSof-<e»i Oarter v«. Young. I^arless;
Poincettia \J.. l-'alr Play j Thetis, va. Master
Clair. Marv Ann vs. KerSbrook; Bonnie Hughle
vs.. Klug's'Pri^: Little t^unger vr. Mt. Rose;
Yell' \'*.* Rcrana: Thelma vs. Slieve
narmm; la.or*-f >iiJ«k vs. Miss Wllsop; May
Hemnstead %o. ,T.HUe ci s ter. # Lady MetSo vs.
Be' tft: Old Irontidp^'vB. Africander; Fenll
vs. Wattles: White Bit vs. P«*ha Queen; Lily
Wri^^t ".¦'. IIaphc«w<l: White Mystery'vs.v-To
ront^, 1,-ttle Mervy -v»» Half moon; • Snapper
p-»rris«n vs . Golden R»!*: H-lIa Lloyd vs:.
j>inlt War Eagle vs. A».cle W; Preclta Maid
vs. 'ft jest John; Real Pach* vb. JTappy Tur
vey; J4ttle Lucy AtJ Piker: Idle Fellow vt-
Whlsi •' T?lll; Dear , Gannon vs. MoJI!* Me;
• race \.* in. Reii S ; juord * Soft vs. 3lottVr B6y;
narl^an 3lady»- <;iobefell; Rock and Rye
vs. Prompto; Lauy «?hiqulta vs. ,Manrst; All
Baba v*. Royal Friend; "Bright" Fortune vs.
Uockefe-er: Miss Brummel vs. White Buck;
Sofalr %'s..O»ld».: Yukon vs.. Flower of Kerry;
SlsW^*a vs. Go On; t?r)b*sco Girl vb. Sir Law
r<»ntVr Doc Burns vs. OtiieraT- de Wet ; Una vs.
Black Flushc Prairie Maid vs. HaddlngtOTij
Black^ex .-1. May Flush; Pasha Pleawnt ra.
Pratty -Facfc-; CreswlcK "«. Tom HurllcK, Ter
ronette°-«-s. Siren: Youn» Buck vs. Lottie W;
Medley vb. Medd>— ?me: r Remlsso Animo vs.
YanVr-« Boy. . ~
Two stakes will be decided at Ingleside
Coursing Park this week, a puppiOifmt
<i?»d an open stake. The draw last mght
insulted as follows:
A temporary organization • was effected
in Pythian Castle last night of the Grey
hound Owners* Protective Association.
The v officers elected were: T. J. McHugh,
president: H. L. Meharry, first vice presi
dent; P. Mullarky, second vice president;
J. F. Dunn, secretary: J. O'Shea, treas
urer, and A. Young, sergeant at arms.
Delegates to the California coursing com
mittee will be elected at the meeting next
Thursday, when a plan of action wi^be
outlined.
GREYHOUND OWNERS
CIN NEW ORGANIZATION
Temporary Officers Are Elected and
the Club Is launched for Pur
poses '- of Protection.
St. Louis :.%i...... 5' E ;
pittsburg ....;r:.;:.:;;;;:'io 2 ?
Chicago; * V. 17 J
Cleveland ; * V .1 B
.::.B.atteries^-Whlte an4 -Slattery;,Wr*^ht, Pear
son/and;."Abbott. *
:'- BOSTON," July 30.— New Tork batf^ Boston's
pitchers hard to-day ax*! ven with e <e. DeK
tnglwas ef&Myve and ihf \.% '-ecel»»_
was sensational. Attendance -itsoo. fcL«re:
v >; -¦ • j ... : « . k. ii. e.
New. York ', »,.12 13 2
Boston 1 6 3
;¦.- Batteries — Deertng an& 3f«.vllle; Gibson Win.
ter, Criser and.J. SUhl. ,
•..':•¦ NATIONAL, LEAGUE.
) -CINCINNATI. July CO.— Cincinnati easily
took to-day's pmefrpm Chicago. Cincinnati's
terrific battlfcf and S»e errors of the ChJcaro
players made tho game uninteresting. Attend
ance, 18W>. . Score: * Al " Dr
Cincinnati :....* ..,.. k" ° j 1^
Chicago 4 ,£ g
Batteries— Poole. Bergen and Peltz- W*«n*.r
and Kling. Umpire— Moran. . ' w " n " fr
BROOKLYN. July 30.— A lever* thunrf.r
Brooklyn .....J \' "•
New York [[][ 4 £ g
Batteries— Jones and Rltter* Miller rwmin
and Warner. Umpire— Johnston. ' TOnin
* ST. LOUIS, July SO.-Surrle'Mneftictlveness
coupled with four errors on the part 0' It'
Louis and some timely hitting by Pl«rh.,Si*
gave the latter team to- day. game bV I
of 10 to 4. Home runs by FamPll «L IICOr S
were features. Attendant. lSoof" i^ T^ Ch
Contest Develops Greatest Pitchers'
Batile qf the Year— Both Teams
Play Brilliantly.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DET/ft'JlT. July 30.— The greatest pitchers*
battle -ft the year took place to-day. Both
Sudhotf and Donovan we're at their best. Both
teams played brilliantly. Attendance. 27UO.
EL "-"o 1 1
St. Louis 13 0
Batteries — Donovan and Buelow; Sudhoff and
Kahoe.
PHILADELPHIA. July 30.— Philadelphia
won a double-header from Washington to-day.
¦\Vaddell was knocked out of the box in the
sixth and McGheehan took his place, shutting
out the vl«Uonf?>lthout a hit. Attendance,
0600. Scores:
Fljii game-". \O) , (m) R» H." E.
Philadelphia •."••••*£ ••'V' 1 ?/ " }
Washington *•>, -'.^^7 1
Batteries — P>j>k _, ana * Powers, ; liunkle,
Townsend and 2£i* i '2--&8* f ' . ¦ -. ' •
a*>coB&&^vnr*t •. • . ¦• * r- h. e.
Phlladefbhis. :". '.¦*;:', «•.-> '." •••"••• • • » O
vs-*sbir*« R .^..~C-, ;.-,.•..;¦.. ....-,. 5 o ,1
Batt*-V»-''? W '« !U<1( ' 1 1« •Mc(JJjeeni>o.and Schr^ck;
Orth, ©rtlt arjl" jWttredgfy ' • .': '
CHICA"6<5.'-X»ly'30.- :j EIgljf -bases fn ball* by
WrlKhL •?wo.\tolen'b»«eg,' two' samn>a *alu.
four bastfVi?» f '»nd^wo «rrdr*. oy Clrt'4l»ijd gav#
Chicago so m;y\y rans th»t the game was un
lnterestlng. Score : ° • •.
..'.-.• . • R. H. E.
ST. LOUIS WINS A HARD
FOXJGKX GAME AT DETROIT
ATLANTIC HIOHOANDS, N. J.. July
30. — In a sea*, rougher titan any she had
raced in before and with a wind, which
at time^ blew more than twelve knots *an
hour, the Shamrock III experienced her
most "Severe, racing trial io-day and ac
quitted herself as became a candidate
for .the Americans cup. • Her performance
in oijght miles of windward work, in
which it was estimated that she beat the
Shamrock I by six minutes, was a sur
prise. The two Shamrocks left Sandy
Hook lightship in a ten-knot breeze at
11:08 o'clock. It was dangerous racing in
such rough water and after half an hour,
when the ShamrooK III had a comfort
able lead over the Shamrock I, they went
about and ran back to;Bandy Hook light
ship. „
At the turn of .the lightship at 11:35
Shamrock III was thirty seconds ahead.
Both* were fairly flying. ' Hauling in the
¦wind for a beat down the Jersey coast.
Shamrock HI surprised .even her admir
ers. Shamrock I quickly dropped away
to leeward. For an hour and seven min
ultes they- worked to windward and when
*elght_ miles* from Sandy Hook the chal
lenger was Ax minutes ahead of the older
boat. ¦ In a puff of wind a split about two
feet long occurred near the peak of the
ma.tnfeail of Shamrock I and the trial was
abandoned.' • ¦ ¦ - • •*•„>.-•':'¦ • « '
R. H. E.
Seattle 0 2 0 3 0 10 0 1—7 8 «
Sacramento 10. 103 000 1 — S 13 5
Batteries — Carrlck and Boettlffer; Brtrwn and
Hogan.
R. H. E.
Portland 0 0020000 1—3 « 3
San Francisco... 1 0 0 1 2 1 0 0 3— 8 12 I
Batteries — Butler and Shea; Hodson and
"scobs.
SEATTLE, July 30. — Sacramento took to
day's game by hitting Carrlck hard and be
cause of the bad fielding of Seattle at critical
times. Score :
PORTLAND, July 30. — San Francisco found
Butler to-day In the same with Portland when
hits meant runs. Hodson kept Portland's hits
scattered and was backed by the fastest kind
of fleldlngr. The game was devoid of features.
save KniK's home run in the last Inning »iCi
two men on bases. Score:
Sends Ball Over the Fence With Two
Men on Bases.
KBUG'S HOME BUN.
Challenger Acquits* Her
. self Well in Severe
V V . . TriaL
HARBI1T , SPRINGS July 30.— Instead
of the jprojec^ed boxing matinee between
James J. Jeffries anfi® Robert Fitzsim-/
raous, which' was the headliner for^
¦\Vednesday, there was absolutely nothing
doing in the t mining camp. The weather
was Intensely warm, the huro£3!ty causing
it to be almost suffocating^Pso after a
walk t« Middletown and a jog home Jef
fries concluded • iie would not fight the
therrhdmeter. He, spent the balance of
the -day assisting Proprietor Jln'iSflayes
in Staking repairs to a rifle.
Trainer Billy Delaney had a -stack of
mail to ansvCer that Would have stag
gered President Roosevelt, and Is think
Ing seriously of advertising for .a sten
ographer. However, each letter is usually
written In the same strain, which makes
the task a comparatively easy one.
Secretary "Kid" Egan, who juit at pres
ent is on cordial terms with himself and
everybody else but the champj^ owing
to a. slight disagreement the csbser day,
took part In an Impromptu croquet tour
nament. "Brother Jack" Jeffries busied
himself reading i» Copy of one of Laura
Jean Llbby's latest works, while Joe Ken
nedy lazily- swung to and fro In a ham
mock under a shtwling bamboo tree.
Bob Fitzslmmons, with his Jeffries en
gagement off, tripped down to the music
room, where he spent most of, the after
noon' practicing a left-handed w*Jo on the
piano written in a foreign key. Since his
magriage with MlBn.Glfford* the Austra
lian is developing a marked taste for
music, and- may: yet' uftiine as a star of the
comic opera vorld.
DJtk Adams, who is . the life of the
camp, was quiet; all -day; but Is expected
to break out again to-morrow.
.' As to the ultimate outcome r£ his little
engagement- on August 14 with* Jim Cor
j bett, the Los Angeles bollermaker can ap
parently realize but one result, and is
busying - himself more now over a .deer
hunt to take place on Sunday next than
he..ls over the big fight. "The coming con
test may also mark the last appearance In,
the ring; of Jeffries. In the course of a
conversation to-day Trainer Bityy Dclaney
said that the big fallow wants to go in
strictly for fighting during the next three
or four months, and Is willing to meet
the best the world can produce, one after
another. Falling to find any gaine, De
laney Intimated that the champion might
return to his home In gouthern California,
quitting the ring for good. Jeffries V1U
never be a JPierpont Morgan,' for right
now he would rather go off on a deer or
bear' hunt with , a 'couple . of good fellows'
than spar three or four short/"' rounds
nlgh'dy at -some variety theater- for la
weekly stipend of $1000.- Jeffries still, has'
his, cold' bottle for 'dinner, but It is with
the .sanction of Tfalner Desaney. .-.' No
doubt It was this Infraction of the set
rules of training which set the dissipation
stories afloati Delaney Inferred, how
ever, that from to-day, the vintage would
beVrubbed off : the plate/* >¦"*,
Bob Fitzslmmons has oniy. Brownie the
bear ; left- of his former great nMmagerle.
The "snake has cashed'in his checks and
the mice have taken to the timber. Bob's
face is fulli And round as a pumpkin and
he tips' the scales close to 195 pounds
F. E. MULHOLLAND
SHAMROCK SAILS
IN STORMY SEAS
Jeffries Tires of the
' Game of I}i| and
Ei'ock. /.
TROTTING RACE
DISAPPOINTING
The preliminaries will be between Dave
Barry and Jack McDonald and George
Fuller and Charles Hawley. Both bouts
are scheduled for ten rounds. '<,-_, ..
Eddie Smith of Oak^nd will referee the
big event. The ofnciaS* of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club are prepared to handle
a large attendance. So much Vtf! bom
said of O'Keefe, who -has never" been
seen in the ring here, that th»re a fs gen
eral curiosity to see him in action. *
£or O'Keefe it can be said that he "i»
3 (c Vu.?tly improve^ boxer over mhat he
was when he came to this coast inr the
Hrst time some months since, lie has
filled up wonderfully and now finds It
xequires hard work to ke-°p down to tha
Kcntwelgh limit. He expresses the ut
most confidence in himself, as do tb£ men
who are working with him. Dave Harry
has tried him out sevei r.y and is telling
hi3 friends to have a bet down oh ftie
Chicago boxer. ' *,
The boxers will weigh In this afternoon
at 6 o'clock at Corbetfs. The stipulated
weight is 133 pounds.
It Is given out that Kelly believes r a,
rushing flghrg* the best In this va«e arid
that he will send Brito In to win *ji S«on
"iV.s he can. O'Keofe can po»:form sdmt*
at i this style of going and there promises
to'.be a lively mlxup If Britt goes st him,
iu \his fashion.
MAY MARK LAST
RING CONTEST
LIGHTWEIGHT B(5^ERS WHO
.'MEET FOR V3*3 THIRD TIME
TO-NIGHT IN THE PAVILION.
o
Oakland — Los Angrte^-
AB. Ii. H. PA. AB. H. H. PA.
O'Har, 3b.3 10 0 4 Hoy. ef . .4 1 1 2 0
Frocks, s.2 0 O 2 4 Whir. 26.3: 0 0 2 0
Mrdck. rf.4 0 2 5 0 fmith, Sb.4 1 1 0 O
Raxtr. 2b.3 0 0 2 2, Dillon, lb.4 12 6 1
Gorton, lf.3 O 0 O O Crvth, rf.3 O 0 I O
Mkmn. cf.3 O 1 2 OlRoss. If. .4 12 1 O
I.hman.- c.3 .005 S'Tonum. s.3 1051
Marly, lb.3 0 0 11 0 Spies, c.4 1 1 10 L
Cooper, p.3 0 0 0 2 Nwton, p.4 O 2 0 4
Totals.27 1 3 27 14 Totals.33 6 0 27 T
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
L09 Angeles 2 0 0 1 0 0 3 0 0— «
Base hits 20020130 1— »
Oakland 10OOO0U0 0—1
Base Kits 1 1000100 0—3
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Ross, Spies. Error* — Lohman.
O'Hara. Two-base hits — Murdock, Dillon
Sacrifice hits — Wheeler. Francks, Cravath.
First base on errors — Los Angeles 1. Flrat
base on called balls — Oft Cooper 1. oft Newton
2. Left on bases — Oakland 4. Los Amreles 4.
Struck out — By Cooper 3, by Newton ft. Hit
by pitcher — Baxter. Hoy. Double play —
Francks to Baxter to Messerly. Tlma of game
— 1 hour and 43 minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
In the saventh Moskiman caught Wheel
er's long fly and made a perfect throw
right on a line to the plate. Lohman ran
upon the ball anr\ it bounded away from
him, allowing Ross to score, when he
should have been doubled up easily. The
score:
The Angels were never worried to any
extent with the southern swings of Coop
er. Whenever they needed runs they gen
erally got them. Cooper in the main
pitched good ball and was well supported,
but as no man on the team was able to
locate the shoots of Newton they had no
chance of victory.
The Arcols fieidcd faultlessly and «nt
an error was committed by any of their
number. Buck Francks and Moskiman
were the stars in the Cripple bunch, each
getting some drives that looked like hits.
The game was simply pastime for the
Leaders und, as on the previous occasion,
the Cripples showed they did not have a
chance against the southerners or any
other fast team. Their weakness yester
day was inability to hit the ball at any
stage of the game, and light hitting never
wint ball games.
Dr. Newton was the cause of all their
troubles. They could not find his twisters
except in the "first inning, when Murdock
lined out a lucky double to the score
L'jard. This brought O'Hara in from sec
ond and saved a whitewash being regis
tered against Peter. Of the three hits
made off the bewildering delivery of the
medical southpaw, ilurdock has two to
his credit. Mosklman rapped out the
other one.
It did not take the Angels Ions to make
runs enough to w in half a dozen game*
from the Cripples yesterday at Recreation
Park. Two would have done the tarn,
but to make sure the Angels kept ham
mering away every inning or so and piled 1
up a total of six, while the Cripples bare
ly nosed one man around the paths.
(Pacific National League.)
W. L. p-ct.1 W. I* Vet.
Los Ang ..50 3.1 .641 San Fran ..43 44 .022
Butte 34 30 .600 Tacoma ...33 32 .422
Spokane ...32 30 .571 Helena ....31 M .360
Seattle 48 41 .5.a> Salt Lake. . 9 17 .343
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(By the New Tork Telegraph.)
Flrat Race < »yrlin, Flyini? Bnt
treim, A'etther One.
Srrnnd Race— Irish Jevrel, Conrt
iMafd, 1211a Mijd*r.
Third Race— Black Socks, Flower,
Uevclation.
Fourth Ilace —^Thc Rhymer, Setan
kci. Homestead.
Fifth Race — Sir Roche, Thonsrht
leim. William Stead,
Mxth Race— Silent Water, KlB(r»
boro, Honer*
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
H'.xth race, six furlongs, selling, two-year
—Tithonlc »>\ Adel Trebla »4. DeaUny lf>0.
Eclectic 105. Anna Hastinps 98, Gold Tip 93.
Ointment W». The Brown Monarch 103, Silent
Water &s. Kingsboro 91, Honey Bee 09.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, maid
ens — Mollie Monopole ion. Velos 111, Willlam
rtead 114, Ealora 109, White Crest 11L Ben
Cotta 114. Earl cf Norfolk 111. Lady Knight
hood 109, Stonewall 114. Dutch Dan 114.
Thouchtless 109. King Carter 114. Pass Book
111. Sir Roche 114. Amlnte 109. Royalist 111.
Albany Girl 109. East Kelston 111, Negative
10f». Colonel Ilorer 111.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, Rich
mond stakes, selling — The Rhymer 111. Lord
Advocat* 91, Homestead 101, -Setauket 100,
Athelroy S3, G. Whlttler 110, Sambo 111, Daisy
Orr*n 105.
Third race, five anfl a half furlongs, two
year-old maidens — Privilege 110. Short Cake
ll'r. Hater Ile^l 11". Bright wood 110. Destiny
11<», Black Forks 110. Glad Smile 110. Flower
110, Ruby Ilf-mpstead 110, Redman 110, Lady
Badge 110, Lida Leib 110, Bouvler 110. Silver
Slipper 110. Revelation 110, Overland 110.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards,
?riling— Lady Mistake 86. Past 96, Gibson Light
103, Early Eve 99, Judge Fulton 91, Stroller
Jm;. Squid 01, Courtmald 94, Albany Girl 84,
l^ady Radnor 9(5, PaPtoral AC, Ella Snyder 84,
!v>w"ly 96 Cryptogram. _1*M, Irish Jewel 106,
True Blue 98.
First race, *ix furlongs, handicap— Northern
f^tar 12<». Rosetint 120, Syrlin 114. Invincible
114. Wealth 105. Neither One 9S. Flying But
tress 1O6, Bonner Hio, Demurrer 111, Capti
-ator \i*>. Illyria 1(12, Homestead 10S, Thistle
H*ath<r 9«, Dinah Shad »2.
.VEW YORK, July 30. — Weather clear;
track fast. Jamaica entries:
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
Tim«, 1 :U8. Start fair. Won driving. Win.
f rr, ' W. L. Oliver'* b. c. by Pur>-»arD-Hazel
Mac. EmerRr;-y 104. Thistle Heather 113,
Waterspout 10v, also ran. ,
• 1 . ,'
SIXTH PwACE— Five and a half furlongs;
!vr~ year-elds ; handicap,
nting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
; to 5— Hazel wood." 122 (Bullman) 5 3 1 h
. to 1— }Vnr.yside 100 (Wllkersn) 3 2 2 1^4
. to 2— -l.-m Faroe. 119 (Hicks).. 14 3 1
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
thrf<e-year-<'liis and upward; selling:
Betting. Hcrse. Weight. Jockej-. St. *i Fin.
.". to 2 — Oncinnatus. 91 (DeSouza) 5 113
7 to 1— I'etra II. 101 (Walnwrigt) 3 2 2 1H
», to 1 — Karly Kve 92 *McCafrty) 8 3 3 8
Time. l:*S 2-8. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, T. McGovern's ch. c. by Ornam»nt-
Kmma Primrose. Ernest Parham 101, Royal
Tirate K», I>ark Planet 104, Blue Victor 94,
Reformer 94. Locket 105. Gibson Light 99.
• "aptain Galnes 104. Star and Gartct S6, K.
farter 90, Sentry 97, Anak 107, Messina 107.
cl£o ran.
Time. 1:13 1-5. Start bad. Won ridden out.
Winner. Mexican b. f. by Ba'l.ampton-
Lo:a A. The Guardsman 9'J, also ran.:
FOURTH RACE- Six furlongs; Clarendon
handicap; all af»-s:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. SU «4 Fin.
3 to 6 — Astarita. 110 (Hicks) 2 1 1 >4
12 to 1 — Illyria fKl (D. O'Connor).. 12 2 6
8 to 5 — King Per-pr. 119 iHoar). 4 4 A hi
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; maidens; i>urse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Ji>ckey. St. «i Fin.
:, t o 1 — ehart Cake, HW iHick^J. 13 12
1 to I— Gold Dome. 112 (Haack). 7 7 2 h
jctO to 1 — Fernrock. 112 (Cant well). 3 1 3 h
Time. 1 :<*. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner, iliss M. Oliver** b. f. by Golden Garter-
Klsslrur Crust. <.V>ld6n Mallow 109. Pol Roger
112 Ponopaw 1(r.< October Flower 109, Mo
l:icin 112. Gold ?pot 1CW. Gyp?} Ben 1U9. La
Greeque !«>, Mary I>*KTand 1O». also ran.
Time l:54»i. Start jx>or. Won driving.
Winner, E. Morrellf b. m. l»y Lnngford-Flu
sette. Gaviota 94. Circus 106, Bar le Due 100,
also ran.
SECOND RACK— One ar.d aa eighth miles;
handicap; all a^es: •
netting. Hors«\ Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin:
2i to 1— Aenes D. 90 (Creamer) 4 2 1 »i
11 to 6 — G. Whittler. 107 (Uannon) 1 4 2 4 t
IS to 5 — A. Shower. 99 «H. Callha) 2 13 3
JAMAICA RACETRACK. July SO.— The
principal event on the card to-day was
the Clarendon, handicap and was won by
Astarita, but Hicks had to keep busy in
order to beat Illyria. The latter got two
lengths the better of the start, but before
they had gone an eighth Astarita caught
him". From there to the finish IKyrla raced
close to Astarita and she beat Daly's
colt only half a length. Frank Farre'l had
two starters in the event, but King Pep
rxr got off poorly and The Guardsman
had no speed. Summary:
FIRST KACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
vcllins: „;
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
7 to & — Osgood. 107 U'ochrar.)... 1114
4 to 1 — Our Nugget. 101 (Haack). 2 3 2 5
:r> to i— oriorr ios aitcks> •• 4 a »*
Time. 1:1.14-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. \V. M. Barrick's b'.k. c. by Kaverdale-
S!y Nun. Tristexso 111. Flwtful 103. Show
G-rl 96, Httacss 9S, Evening Light 102. Harry
U* also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KJrut nncr Sioux Chic'. L>r. In
land, Angmnli. (0) f;. v
Second Race Sliver > ¦%*.*., Majrar
Dlxon, Sweet Tooth. i
Third Race — Grand /^t»era, Brn
lare. Warte Xlcht. \S >
Fourth Race — The Renfncklan,
Automaton, Charlie CralnKfr.
Fifth Uficc — Swretlr, Appollnarls,
rince — Moabina, Evening
Star, Otln.
HAWTHOr^VE SELECTIONS.
(By the Cfcicago Inter Ocean.)
Fifth race. ' five furlonfs. soiling — Sweetie
108 Nettie Dutchman 105, . Helgerson 105,
Fcipio 105. Falkland 103, J. W. O'Neill 103,
Chape! 102 Ralph Young- 102. Sol Smith 102,
Banwell lfC -'-aura Belle 90. Cognomen 96. Ap
polinaris 9o. ~ >orice 94. Miss Mollie 94.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Otis 115. Head
water 107 Scotch Plaid 106, Moabina 1C2.
Evening Star 102. Tom Curl 102. Colonial Girl
98 Sevra 98. v
. Fourth race, six furlongs, selling fyLutoma
ton 112 Silk Cord 108, Mocorito lOi.r' Charlie
Grainger 102, Miracle II 101, The Kentuckian
101 Censor 99 Christopher 9S, Frivol 100.
Second rare, six furlongs, selling — Sw«»et
Tooth 106 5harple?s iOti Silver Fizz 105 Cu
rate 105. Jaubert ICt. Eva;? Darling 101. Re
shoka 98, Howendobler 96. 1 * racious 96. Somer
eault 94. Major Dlxon 93.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap — Grand Opera 122 Telamon 107, Major
Tenny 96 Brulare 104. The Giver 104. .Afctddln
J02 Bessie McCarthy 100. Warte Xlcht&'lOO.
Bondage 98. Huzzah 96. Semper Vivum 92.
<Opera. Telamoa and Tenny. Hildreth entry;
Bondage and Hurzah. Arthur's entryjL
. First race, ono mile— Sioux Chief 100. Alum
"Aater luo. Pompcy 109 Fullbvrk I0t> Penela
1C9. Schwarzwal<J 4C9. King Hex 104; Marshal
eea 104 M«>storla VJ4. Animula 104. Treacy 104.
Dr. Leland 104, Snowdrift 104. r V>imfull 101,,
Dobrouck 119. w
CHICAGO. July 30. — V/oathcr cloudy; track
slow. Hawthf.rne entries:
HAWTHORNE : ENTBIES.
*-,
SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, ,_tVeiKht. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7 to 1 — Callant. 90 (Helgesen) 4 4 1 h
4 t* 1 — Cornwall 100 (Henry) 3 2 2 2
25 & 1— OHagen. 102 (J. Phillips). 0 5 33
Time, 1 ::.'2. Start good. Won driving, win
ner, C. D. Hutzler's gr. f. ', by Flatlands-Cal-
Ilopsis. Schwalbe 1<V4, Pat Morrissey 104,
Aline Abbott 102, also ran.
Tim*. 1:5S 4-5. Start Good. Won in a can
ter. ' •>', Inner. II. Corrigan's b. c. Is- Sir Mod
red -Bab; . Lampoon 91, Little Elkin 99, Com
pass 101, Erne 101, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
spllin-:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. •% Fin.
16 to 6— Serjce, 91 (S. Bonner*. .. 4 4 13
9 to 10 — Orsina, 8S (L. Wilson).. 3 1 2 ltfc
12 to 1— Fonsoluca. 9S> (B. Davis). 2 2 3 1
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling:
Betting. Horse Weicht, Jockey. St. «; Fin.
2 to 1— S.T-<line. 107 (J. Reiff)... 3 5 12
4 to 1— T. r Koruni. 99 (Adkins). 12 2 2
9 to 5 — Muresca. 97 (II. Phillips). 0 3 3 n
Time. 1:17 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winntf. E. Corrigan's ch. m. by Jtassetlaw-
Sardonix. Erema 99, Optional 105, Ji^b*rt 107,
Wolfram 95, Sharp Bird 109, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five and a hair furlongs;
stake:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St-,a; Fin.
9 to 10— Proceeds, 123 (Helgeeen). 1^2 11
40 to 1— Eiwood. 10S (C. Gray)... « 4 2 n
70 to 1— V. Tallent, 111 (Domnck) 3 13 2
Time. 1:10 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. S. S. Brown's br. c. by Pirate of
I'enzance-Fertlle. Peter J. Somers 103, Com
modore 1«S. Kequimis 10S, Sir Andrew 106,
also ran Tallent, Requimls and Peter
J. Somers were added).
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase; ehort course:
Betting. Jlorw Weight Jockey, al. *i Fin.
9 to 10— Indian II, 128 (Hue*ton). <l 1 1 Vi
S to 1— Moranda. ISO (J.Johnstn) 5 2 2 7
10 to 1— Handvlse. 133 (McAulifte) 3 4 3 15 *
Time. 2:07. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. K. Corrlgan's b. g. by Indlo-Lucerne.
Miss Brandon YM. Spurs 130 (refused). Slap
Dash 132 (fell), l'aulaker 130 (ran cut), also
ran.
CHICAGO, July 30.— The Competition
stakes was the only feature cf to-day's
racing at Hawthorne and was won by
Captain Brown's good mudder. Proceeds,
although Eiwood put in a Strong bid at
the end and ran an excellent race. The
weather was clear and cool: the track
slow and lumpy. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; puree:
Betting. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
11 to 10 — N. Hodge. 110 (L. Wilson) 1 1 1 3Vj
ti to 1— M. Pelham. 108 (B.Davis) 4 3 2 2V4
14 to 5— Touchstone. 110 (P.Phlps) .12 3 4
Time. 1:«U 3-3. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. W. W. Daru»n & Co.'s ch. f. by
Koreington-Mrs. Lane. Blumenthal 113. The
Hebrew 111, Annora J OS, Euheron 10S, also
ran.
Special Dispatch to The . Call,
STANDING OF THE CX.UB3.
(Paclflo Coast League.)
W L. P*ct. W- I*. F*et.
LosAng..«7 33 .63S Seattle ....45 58 .433
San Fran.. 64 48 .671 Portland ...42,57 .424
Sac'mento .53 50 .637 Oakland . ..46 . 70 JSSrt
FlrJt Race — Enigma, Pinky B,
Le s?cond Race— MIMIe. Kltfr G.
M< Tli\*r«rilaee In B olthrlft. Ocyrohe,
B °I?ourtl. Ilace W. B. Gates. Joile
K 'lM« P hRa™e— KIttr Cat a D«.h. Joe
G ° S "rx«? IU Race P^A"ile., L.ndenelia,
Hook Se Oko.
ST. LOUIS. July 30.— Weather cloudy; track
slow. Delmar entries:
First race, five furlongs, P"™?— Y _? 1™"
Bush Smith 100. Enigma ICO f^JL B 1 t 00 '
Fonsadora 108 Leech 103. Major Carpenter
107. S« £»« Burch 104. T- . v
Secorvl race, six furlongs, selling— Goudjr 0o.
Bxapo 09. Hydrophobia 107. Mlstie 03. Molli©
T 1U9, San Lutlon 106. Northern Spy 112.
Swart Piet 109. Pay the Fiddler HO. Stub 98.
Kitty G 102. One More 109. Lady Idris 102.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Danusia &5. Bugler 98, Ralnland 10S. Ingol
thrtft Ml. Ocyrohe 100. " t
Fourth race, one and an eighth r- es. sell
ing—Plrateer 90 I Know 95. South ;r»eeze 95.
W. B. Gates 103. Orpheum 90, Judge Cantrill
86.' Josie F- 98. - * . -. .
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Sue s bister
06 Lynch 102. Zlrl 100. Halmls 105. Jerry
r-Munt 104. Eufalla 96. Mike Strauss .111. Tan
ffent 105 MacBeth 107. Hemlock J04. Kittle
il'ut a Dash 96. Joe Goss 113. Sid Silver 106
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards sell
ing—SVjter Lillian SO, Varna Fonso 80. Sir
PaulMi, Aules 104. LlndeneJUta 101. King's
SlBter^^O Tambourine Girl 9T> Dr. Carrlck
105. Hook Se Oka 94. Nearest 104.
ST.. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
DELMAE ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— One and a quarter miles,
Befung. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Pamplona.101 (A.W.Baiur) 2 4 1 n
7 to 1— Irving Major. ICC O^dMi) 5 S 2 n
5 to 1— Baronet. 101 (F. Smithy 4 13 1
Time. 2:17 '4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. T. O. McBride's b. g. by Dr. Has
brouck-Mayflower by Forester. Dr. Carrlck
100. Miss Eon 04. Latson 9*. The Fiddler 1OJ,
Class Leader 90. Rollick II 99. Hanan 105. also
ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards,
Bening 0 ' Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % fin.
« to 1— Orris. «5 <Hlg*ln«0... . . ... 2 112
2 to 1— Light Opera.105 (F.Smlth).. 4 2 2 8
4 to 1— Taby Tosa.lOC (W.Watson) 6 3 3 n
Time, 1 :51. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. C. Ghio's b." m. by W adsworth-Clean
Heels. Evea G 02, Henry of Franstamar N>,
Golden Glitter 03, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs, Missouri Bell
ing stakes: _ ., _,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
12 to 1— Mildred L. «S (F. Smith).. 4. 6 1 2
4 to i_Wth of Ivy,103(J.Sheehn) 6 4 2 H
4 to 1— Orient, 107 (D. Austin).. 7 5 3 4
Time, 1:20. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. A. H. Pendleton &- Co.'s b. f. by Orna
ment-Katie Longfellow. Angelee 06. Ben Ad
kins 103. Sartor Resartus 102. Perla 107, also
ran.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1-Alflo, 105 (Bridewell).... 5 2 1 h
:; to &— Ancke, 110 (E. Austin).. 2 12 8
10 to 1— Dolly Gray,' 100 (D.Austn) 4 - &A
Time, 1 :18»4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, G. C. Bennett & Co.'s ch. c. by Fon
so-Flyaway. Lady Vashti 100, Swift Candle
ICO, also ran. - i
SECOND RACE— One mile and twenty yards,
netting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. fi Fin.
f» to 2— L'd Neville,107(A.W.Bakr) 5 2 12.
2 to 1— Aules, ION (Troxler) * \ 2 5
10 to 1— Eliza DUlomlOO (Higgins) « 3 J 4
Time. l:50Vi. Start poor. Won driving:.
Winner. F. Einstein's ch. h. by Glenelg-Keep
sake. Mollie T lttJ. Jerry Hunt 104. Oudenarde
107. B. Hempstead 102, Westbaden 104. Kocn
ester l»9. Klngstelle 07, also ran.
ST. LOUIS, July 30.— The Missouri
stakes* a selling sweepstakes for two
year-olds, was the feature of a very fair
Thursday programme at Delraar. A
heavy shower last night left the track
poor and slow time was made. The
handicap at six furlongs was the most
attractive event of the afternoon. Bad
conditions of the track resulted in numer
ous declarations. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs', selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. f« fin.
1 to 1— Pretension. lfctJ (WVYVatson) 3 1 1 %»
7 to 2— Foxy Grandpa,9S (D.Austn) 5 2 2 2
8 to 1— Leech, 1OJ (A. W. Baker) 6 5 d*
Time, 1:07. Start good. Wen easily, win
ner, P. M. IrviU's b. g. by Orlflamb-\ anlty.
Benton 101. Haven Run 9». Sweet Note 1U>.
also ran.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Track Is Slow and Lumpy
and the Favorites Run
v Poorly.
Heavily Hayed Ancke Loses
to Alfio in a Delmar
Handicap.
Agnes D Supplies the Day's
Surprise at Jamaica
Track.
Angels Land on Cooper
When Hits Are Needed
to Score Runs.
Eiwood Gives the Good
Colt an Exciting 1
• ¦ArfliimoTif'
. xxl ££ UJLUUliu. • .— ~.
Filly Shows Her Heels
to Speedy Two-
Year-Olds.
Illyria Beats Barrier
and Wins Second
Money.
Murdock's Double Saves
the Cripples From
a Shutout. '
ASTARITA TAKES
THE CLARENDON
PROCEEDS WINS
ANOTHER STAKE
MISSOURI STAKES
FOR MILDRED L
NEWTON'S CURVES
WORK WONDERS
BRITT RULES A STRONG FAVORITE
OVER JACK O'KEEFE OF CHICAGO
Bettors Are Offering Ter^ to Four and a Half Against
the Eastern Man's Chances; but Find Few Who Are
Willing to Back Their HigK Opinion of O'Keefe
SPORTS OF THE TURF, THE PRIZERING, FIELD AND WATER
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAM,, FRIDAY, JULY 3 1;" 1903;
8
ADVEBTI^ISMENT'?. ,
HOtE DEL; MONTE
SPORTS
rOuO AND RAOES — August i *lo fl. under
the auspices of the'. Pacific Crs-'i" 'Polo and
Pony facing Association. R. M. t'oblp Seen
tary. Entries to «nd, Infornuulon ' from 131
Croo.«r .building, • San KranHsc ». * .
AUTOMOBILE RUN— Angus'. « to 11. from
San Francisco. Including mee'. at , Del Monte,
und*' the auspices of the Au«mooi!«» C ib of
Cafhtrnla* F. Ati Hyde Presdent F-trles to
151 Crocker building. San Frtnclsco.
GOLF TOURNAMENT— Angust 24 to "»t.
under auspices of the PaclflV 7oast Golf Aiw
cation. R. Gllman Brown Secretary. Ko'rle*
to 210 Pine street. San Fratclsco.
O'PEN CHAMPIONSHIP' TEAM MATCH,
for Byrne Cup. North vs. South.
DEI* MONTE CUPS— AMteur Tottrnamemt,
Ladles' : TournamentFIRST CADET SENT TO AN
NAPOLIS FROM TERRITORY
OF HAWAII.
NEW YORK. . July; SO.-r-The drivers of the
New . York •¦ Tra nsf er Company,, who > went V on
strike » yesterday/ < resumed work ( to-day, -> thetr
demand i for < recognition ¦ of ' their ; union ¦ having
been granted. ~
The dead body of a white male infant,
one .day* old; .was found yesterday in a
water tank of a v washroom in ;the rear; of
Nordholz •& Stelnke's V grocery on
the southeast corner of Mission and Six
teenth streets. The matter was * reported
to the police. "T "\
Find a Dead Infant.
VANCOUVER. B/ C, July 30.— George
Memsle v Of Portland, who : fought a draw
with Young Corbett, got the decision over
Bplder Welch of San Francisco in twenty
rounds : here *to-nignt. ; The fight was
fierce . from the, start. ¦ Memslc will be
matched with Louie Long of San ¦ Fran
cisco, the "bout to be brought off in this
city.-:. :.-."v\'.;.: ';/¦ :..,.¦ :~\ ::*-;;•; ¦
Spider Welch Loses Decision.
SANTA ROSA, July^ 30.— William Ford,
an used resident of Petaluma, v#s
brought to the County Hospital Tuesday
evening suffering severely from rheuma
tism. He has been a resident of Sonoma
County thirty years, and during that
time has ' known no ' other home than the
banks • of a creek. To this Is attributed
his present ' condition. Ford - made his
resting place of boughs on the banks of a
stream wherever night. overtook him and
has always enjoyed perfect health until
the present time. City Marshal F. M.
Collins found him and had him conveyed
to the hospital.
Sky His Roof , for Thirty Years.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. July 80.— The following
marriage licenses were issued to-day:
Rene Trebaol, 27. and Jennie Miramon,
19. both of Oakland; Eugene M. Turner.
29. and Janet E. Alexander, 23, both of
Oakland.
LOS AKGEUiS, July 30.— Abel Rivas, a
Mexican laborer, lies fatally wounded at the
n***lvln|5 Hospital. He refusal to lend (2 to
Valentine Torres, fcko a Mexican,, and. Torres
shot him. • mMamHmmm®m
Lost Girl Returns Home.
Fourteen-year-old Assunta "Boragni,
who was lost Wednesday while returning
home from school, after spending many
hours wandering about the, city streets,
succeeded in finding her home shortly
After 9 o'clock in the evening. As the
child has been In this country but a short
time and is unable to speak the! English
language her disappearance' , was the
cause of much worrimentto her: father,
P. Boragni,' a well-known wine merchant,
residing at 1846 Union street. : « ':
P. O'Rourke, 11 Thirteenth street, re
ported to the police yesterday that'a sal
mon fishing boat belonging to him - had
been stolen from . Washington-street
wharf on Tuesday last. He placed Its
value at $150. He gave a full description
of the boat, which has been sent to the
different stations.
Fishing Boat Stolen.
Corporal Daniel Sylvester,- -who has
charge of the Chinatown squad, made his
first raid of a fantan game yesterday af
ternoon at 714A Dupont street. He suc
ceeded in getting in at the front door,
but was penned In between it and an In
ner door and had to kick the latter down.
The delay enabled the keeper to escape,
but three visitors were captured and the
evidence of the game. The visitors. Ah
Wong, Ah Lip and Ah Lon, were booked
at tho City Prison.
Raids a Fantan Game, v
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Rhoda S. . Lucas from Chester L. Lucas
for desertion, Louisa Lamprell from Jo
seph H. Lamprell for desertion, Lily K.
Thomas from Henry L. Thomas for
neglect, Lillian R. Murphy from Daniel
Murphy for intemperance and Edith G.
Smith from J. Walter Smith for cruelty.
SultB for divorce were filed by Linnfe
Marshall against Lionel W. Marshall for
desertion, Annie Hubenthal. against Peter
Hubenthal for cruelty, Sarah R. Hergens
against F. C. Hergens for intemperance,
Dora Nelson against Nels V. Nelson for
desertion and Charlotte AT Murphy
against Harry J. Murphy for neglect.
In the Divorce Court.
George McAllister, conductor on the car
held up on July 15, to-day identified
Blazer as the robber. Other victims will
visit him In jail to-morrow.
, A love affair Is said to have caused the
downfall of Blazer. He was formerly a
minister In the Methodist church. He
traveled, as an evangelist along the Pa
cific Coast and throughout the West.
While pastor of a church In Illinois he
became involved ¦ with ¦ a woman In hi3
congregation. A scandal grew from the
affair and Blazer left hurriedly. He was
later unchurched. Then, it is said, he
plunged into extremes of dissipation.
Finally he enlisted 5n the regular army.
He served with the Twelfth Infantry, and
in the Philippines committed many deeds
of daring in the face of the enemy, but
he gained a reputation also for insubor
dination. It is said . that he got .into
trouble while the. regiment was at the
Presidio on the way back from the Phil
ippines, and he had a long guardhouse
record during the period of his service.
It is related of Blazer that in the Phil
ippines at one time he was cut" off by a
party of Ladrones. Although he was
alone, he charged straight for the Fili
pinos, killed or wounded five of the party
of nine and frightened the others . into
flight, escaping with a very slight wound.
His arrest in Salt Lake was due to in
formation given the police by one of the
officers at Fort Douglass, where the regi
ment is now stationed. It was this officer
who revealed the story of Blazer's past
life. 74S88BS&ffiSS£82m ' i
SALT LAKE, July 3O.-Salt Lake's no
torious highwayman was to-day Identified
as a former minister of the gospel. He
enlisted In the Twelfth United States In
fantry under the name of A. L. Blazer,
but it is said that It Is not his true name.
Blazer Is being held on the charge that
he held up a street car on July 15. In
the previous week another car was held
up in a similar manner, and it is believed
the same man committed bpth crimes. On
both occasions a masked man entered the
car at the end of the line, leveled a re
volver at the occupants and robbed them
of everything valuable in their posses
sion.
The Swedish societies of this city and
Oakland will honor the memory of the
world-famous inventor, John Ericsson,
with a literary and musical programme
at Native Sons' Hall this being
the one hundredth anniversary of his
birth. It will be observed by the Swedish
societies in all the large cities of the
United States.
Mayor Scbmitz wild deliver an address
In English at the local celebration. It
will be followed by an oration by Alex
ander Olsen, one of the most prominent
members of the Swedish colony. The
Rev. Dr. Nela'nder will also speak. The
programme will consist of musical and
literary exercises by some of the best
known amateur performers in this city.
Admission will be free, as it Is the custom
of the Swedish Society to bear all the
expenses of celebrations of this sort.
Swedish Societies Plan Elaborate Ex
ercises in Commemoration of
John Ericsson's Birth.
MEMORY OF . WORLD-FAMOUS
INVENTOR TO BE HONORED
I Yesterday a gang of workmen engaged
• in excavating for the foundation of the
new Merchants' Exchange building at
Leldesdorff and Sacramento streets dis
covered the skeleton of an adult human
being. .
Beneath the dust and trampllngs of a
long and busy generation the remains
still crouched, as If death had come while
the victim knelt, and the skull bore the
; marks of two bullets that possibly ended
: the life of a pioneer soon after the Argo
nauts began to people old Yerba Buena.
Circumstances indicate that the body
went to Its resting place more than forty
years ago. Save for the corroding touch
of time the bones have doubtless lain un
disturbed during a long generation,
though the building now under way will
be the third erected on the site that
marks the grave of some unfortunate
whose death may have been a tragedy.
t The first building on the site was a
T>ank, built more than fifty years ago.
Then, some ten years later. It was
torn down. The old Merchants' Exchange
building was Its successor. The Exchange
stood for morn than forty years, and a
few months ago It was torn down to be
replaced by the building now under, con
struction.
It Is strange that the workmen on the
two former buildings did not discover the
skeleton, for surely it • was there before
either structure .was built.
Hard by the rkeleton the workmen
found a large number of quaint sand cru
cibles of the pattern manufactured in
Holland fifty years ago and used In Cali
fornia at that timp. \ •.
When yesterday's discovery '..was- made
the -*orkmen began a careful search of
the vicinity. Nothing further was found
and not a trinket was discovered that
might shed light on the mystery
Those who saw the skeleton think the
man waa murdered. The fact that there
are two bullet holes In the skull, either. of
wnich would have caused death, would
seem to preclude a theory of suicide. •
Who the man was orwha his murderer
was will probably remain a mystery.
Whether tho murderer still lurks among
the living, old and gray, or whether^ he
long ago went to his Judgment those now
living will probably never know." —
Is Accused of Streetcar
Hold-Ups in Salt
Lake.
BASEBALL MAGNATES SEEK
A TRIPARTITE AGREEMENT
NEW YORK. July 30.— Representatives
of the National Association of Profes
sional Baseball Leagues met at the Hotel
Victoria here to-day and discussed the
proposed tripartite agreement which It Is
expected will be entered Into between the
American League. National League and
the National Association at the forthcom
ing conference of these bodies. After con
sidering minor points the following reso
lution was unanimously adopted:
"Resolved. That the National Associa
tion representatives assembled In New
York on this 30th day of July, 1305. do
heroby request that the National League
and American League, pending the pro
posed formation of a tripartite agreement,
shall respect our contracts and reserva
tion lists."
A communication to the above effect
was to-day mailed to Presidents Johnson
and Pulllam. ,
The National Association representa
tives, Messrs. Powers, Farrell. Hlclcey
and Sexton, later conferred with Messrs.
Harris of San Francisco and Morley of
Los Angeles, representing the California
League. •
Bullet Holes in Skull
Give Rise to Mur
der Theory.
Mrs. Cornell /says her, husband will.re
turn from the south In a few days, when
he\wilU undonbtedly set about establish
ing the fact In Hartford that he is still
among the living. c .
My husband was discharged at Camp Wal
lace November 24, 1901, and Immediately ob
tained a clerkship in one -of the Government
offices. Later he taught a night school in Ma
nila, and it was there he and Superintendent
Stone became fast friends. I cAft't imagine
how Mr. Stone received the Info7matton that
Arthur had died, unless it was a case of mis
taken Identity. I know my husband had valu
able papers with him In the ¦ Philippines . but
I do: not know who he entrusted with them
It ' Is possible that . the person died In the
Philippines and the' papers in his possession
led to the mistaken Identity.
Cornell enlisted In the Spanish-Ameri
can, war from. Hartford and in 1S96 was
assigned to the hospital corps in Manila.
Several weeks ago Mason S. Stone, super
intendent; of schools In Manila, returned
to Hartford with .the report ,that Cornell
was dead and bringing with him papers
of value belonging to the supposed dead
soldier. Through the aid of the news
papers of Cornell's native town efforts
were made to locate the mother of the
soldier, who, it was learned, had re
married and moved elsewhere.
Inquiries lately published in the Hart
ford papers regarding Cornell' wore read
in-.this city by Clerk Stone of the Occi
dental Hotel, who formerly lived in that
city and readily recalled flavin* met in
a casual -way a soldier named Cornell
some months ago. AlPthat Stone could
recall of his conversation with the new
acquaintance Was that Cornell had re
cently returned from the Philippines and
was affout to be -married, it was this
slight clew that led to the identity of
Cornell and through the address given by
Cornell In his application for a marriage
license a reporter of The Call' was enabled
yesterday to find Mrs. Cornell, who until
her marriage on January 30 lafct, was
Miss Ella McOrath, who lived with her
parents at 1529 Dolores street. When'told
of the existing belief in Hartford that her
husband is dead she said:
While Arthur M.- Cornell is patiently
making: a future for himself and wife in
this city It has developed that he Is be
ing mourned as dead by friends in his
former home in Hartford, Conn., a fact
of which he is at present in blissful ignor
ance. As a commercial traveler for a
company of this city he is now soliciting
business in Southern California and when
he returns in a few* days he will learn
for the first time from his bride of a few
weeks that Hartford people arc endeavor
ing to locate his relatives with a view of
turning over effects which were found on
the body of a soldier who was killed in
tho Philippines some months ago and
wh.o was supposed to be Cornell. ;"': : X'
.While Friends Mourn
Him as Dead, Cornell
Is Married.
WEDS DESPITE
DEATH NOTICES
WASHINGTON. July 30.— The Government
has decided to acquire a square in this city,
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth and E and
F streets," located* Just west of the State, War
and Navy building, as a site for the proposed
Hall of Records for Government archives. Con
gress appropriated $300,000 for the purchase of
the land. - The property holders,, however, ask
$310,000. ; ¦„¦
IDAHO SPRINGS. Colo., July 30.— The Cor
oner's Jury 'in the case of Philip Fierrp, the
Italian ur»lon miner," _who was 'found fatally
injured near < the scene of the blowing ¦ up ' of
one of the buildings of the Sun and Moon mine
Tuesday <¦ night, v» to-night • returned - a * verdict
that-he'-Veametto hl» death as & result '.of an
attempt ¦ on . his • part and others to blow up | the
buildings of the Sun 'and Moon, mice." -
SACRAMENTO, July 30. — Governor Pardee
to-day Issued a requisition on the Governor of
Oregon for the return to thl« ' State of E. B.
Hunsacker, wanted in San Francisco for em
bezzling a quantity of Jewelry from a woman
named Sadie Brown,
VICTORIA; B. C..- July 30.— The steamer
Cottage City, which "mrrlved this afternoon
with $290,000 gold from Dawson and $13,000
from Cassiar, brought n»ws of a new strike of
placer gold m Cacslnr district, near the head
waters of the Stickeen.
' HONOLULU. July 30. — The Territorial Board
of Agriculture has cabled the Bureau of For
estry of the Agricultural Department at Wash
ington a request that. William Hall be placed
in charge of matters connected with forestry
On the Hawaiian Islands.
LOWELL, Mass., July 30.— The number of
deaths caused by yesterday's powder explosion
at Wtgginsvllle stands to-night at nineteen,
but it may be Increased to twenty-one at any
moment by the death of two of the ten victims
now -in St. John's Hospital.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo., July 30.— The
Jury in the case against Chief of Police King
and Detective Joel Atkinson, charged with se
creting witnesses and so protecting a' criminal,
brought In a verdict of guilty to-day. The de
fense moved for a new trial. , -
WASHINGTON, July 30.— United States
Minister. Hills has. reported to the State De
partment from Geneva. Switzerland, -that the
proposed meeting ..of .the International Red
Cross has been postponed owing to- the failure
of . five or six Governments to respond to the
Invitations extended by Switzerland. , •
BERLIN, July 30.— Manager von iWesart of
the Munich -Royal Opera, declares ' that the
rights of the; opera "Parsifal".' do not •belong
to ' the i Wagner family, : but : to ; Bavaria,'., and
that the German Embassador at - Washington
will ' prevent Heinrich Conroid,- director of the
Metropolitan Opera-house in New York, giving
the opera there. .
BALTIMORE, July 3a — Mrs. Elizabeth
Mcchthold. aged 84, and her daughter. Miss
Pauline Meohthold, aged BO. were found dead in
a room at their home In this city to-day. They
had been asphyxiated by gas and evidently had
died two days ago.
MADRID. July 30.— Premier Vlllaverde has
published an official note declaring that no
alliance exists between Spain and France, but
that a good understanding exists, which may
possibly t-erve as a basis for something more
in the future. .
ST. PETERSBURG. July 30.— An official de
cree has been tesued which places all the prop
erty and revenue of the Armenian church In
Russia, amounting to $15,000,000, under th9
control of the Russian crown.
VIENNA, July 30.— A -press dispatch from
Constantinople printed here says that Russia
has asked permission of. the Sultan to allow
several Russian warships to pass through the
Dardanelles for the Far East.
REVERE. Mass., July* 30. — Anthony" Mon
tanlno of Boston was pursued and captured at
Chelsea to-day following a duel with Joseph
Corso in which the latter was stabbed to death.
The homicide resulted fr6tn a quarrel.
WASHINGTON. July U0.— Secretary of War
Root has acknowledged* a cablegram from the
newly organized Filipino Chamber of Com
merce conveying respectful greetings to Presi
dent Rooqevelt and the 'Secretary of War.
LYNCHBURG. Va.. July 30. — Three persons
were killed and more than a score Injured by
lightning at New Hope Church. Appomatox
County, this afternoon. The dead are Paui-
Gowen, Charles Austin and Aubrey WIngfrled.
riTTSBURCS. July ' 30. — The strike of the
ironmolders. which has been on since Hay 1
for an Increase of wage*, was^settled to-day
by the strikers accepting the manufacturer*'
compromise offer.
CHATTANOOGA. Tenn., July 30.— General
A. P. Stewart, one of the few surviving lieu
tenant eenerals of the Confederate army and
a member of the Chtckamauga Park Commis
sion, It critically ill.
ANNAPOLIS. Md.. July 30. — The mercury
dropped to-day to the 50 mark In this city,
making: a new local low record for the month of
July. Similar low temperatures are noted
throughout the Northwest.
' LONDON, July 30.— The Great Central Rail
way's dopk and sheds at Orlndby have been
burned. The sheds were filled with machinery
and an immense quantity of barley. The. dam
age done amounts to $SOO,0C0.
TOPEKA. Kans., July 30. — Rock Island
telegraphers throughout. Kansas have united In
presenting a demand to the general manager In
Chicago for an advance of $5 per month with
a-nlne-hour flay. ",.•.-
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
TWO NATIVE DAUGHTERS
WHO ARS WINNING LAU
RELS IN STAGELAND.
J. H. Hurd, a switchman employed by
the Southern Pacific Company, met death
In a shocking manner last evening by
falling beneath the wheels of a moving
freight car at Sixth and Townsend streets.
The accident occurred about 7:30 o'clock,
as the unfortunate man was In the act of
coupling a switch engine, In charge of
Engineer T. C. Goldbeck, to several heav
ily laden freight cars. In some unac
countable manner Hurd was struck by
the car and knocked down. Before the
train could be stopped two cars had pass
ed over him. mangling his body in a
frightful manner.
Several of the train crew ran to the
prostrate form, but life was extinct,
death having been instantaneous. The
Coroner was notified and the remains
were taken to the Morgue. T. C. Gold
beck, the engineer, was arrested and
booked at the Hall of Justice on a charge
of manslaughter, but. was subsequently
released on bonds. He stated that he was
unaware that the accident had taken
place until some one shouted to stop the
train. Deceased was 35 years of age and
resided with his wife and child at Fifth
and Harrison streets.
J. H. Hurd, a Switchman, Meets a
Tragic End in Southern Pa
cific . Yards.
GROUND TO DEATH BENEATH
SEVERAL FREIGHT CARS
The deceased was a native of Brittany,
France, and had resided in thl3 city con
tinuously since 1873. She was a dress
maker of great skill and worked at that
calling up to the 'time of her death. The
body was removed to a local undertaking
establishment by the Pasqual Brothers,
with whom she had been acquainted for
more than twenty years. So far as can
be ascertained she had no relatives in
this country.
While suffering from melancholia In
duced by illness, Constance Moreau, a
maiden lady, &4 years of age, drained the
contents of a bottle containing carbolic
acid, and before losing consciousness
from the fiery potion, staggered to the
bed and drawing the bedclothes about
her. lay down to eternal sleep.
The tragedy occurred at 1424 California
street some time yesterday afternoon and
the inaminate form was discovered last
evening by the landlady and a neighbor
whom, she called In upon becoming suspi
cious that everything was not right. The
dead woman, who was a dressmaker with
many fashionable customers, had been
rooming In the bouse about a month, and
recently complained of being 111.
About 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon she
ate lunch with the landlady. Mrs. Annie
Chevalier, and then retired to her room.
Becoming alarmed by the non-appearance
of her lodger, Mrs. Chevalier - attempted
to enter the room but found the door
locked. Summoning. I. P. Strassburger of
1426A California street, and a boy, an en
tranco was effected through a window
and the door unbolted. Dr. George Gross
was called, but upon examination found
that death had ensued several hours pre
vious. The Coroner's office and Police De
partment were notified and the officials
made an Investigation.
On the bureau was found a note writ
ten in French addressed to Pasqual &
Sons on Geary street. The writer stated
that she had suffered greatly and at
times had difficulty in keeping her reason.
She made reference to those who had
caused her suffering and concluded with
a request that her remains be inciner
ated.
DRAINS VTAX OF FXEBY ACID
TO END HER SUFFERING
SKELETON MAY
DISCLOSE CRIME
Patriquin, two well known na
tive daughters of California, have been
spending their vacation in their native
State, but will shortly return to tho East
to resume their labors In the theatrical
world. „ ...
Last season Miss Reindollar distin
guished herself as leading lady in the
Peruchl BeKlinl Company, one of the lead
ing stock companies of the Atlantic slope.
Miss Patriquin for the last two seasons
has been leading lady of the. "Cripple
Creek" Company. . :'
Both these young ladles are earning arf
enviable reputation in the theatrical
world and their careers will be watched
with Interest by their numerous Califor
nia friends.
WOODLAND, July 30.-M1S9
Maud Reindollar has been vis
iting friends in Woodland.
Miss Reindollar and Miss Jean
FORMER PASTOR
TURNS ROBBER
tho Siberia. Two months ago
Delegate to Congress Kalanlanaole was
notified that an appointment to the naval
academy was at his disposal. A naval
examination was held here, several can
didates presenting themselves, but Lando
was the only one who was found to have
passed after the papers had been exam
ined both here and at Annapolis. He also
passed the physical examination conduct
ed by the local naval authorities and a
cable message, received. a few days ago,
ordered him to report for duty at the
academy.
Ellis Lando was born in San Francisco
In 1SS5 and is, therefore, 18 years of age.
Later he went to Oregon and attended
the PoVtland grammar school, coming to
Honolulu in 1S38. His education here has
been entirely at the Honolulu High
School under Professor M. M. Scott,
who speaks in the highest terms of his
former pupil, who graduated from the
High School last month. Lando's father
Is engaged in business in Honolulu, where
the young man's mother, sister and three
brothers are also living.
HONOLULU, July 24.— Ellis Lando,
the first Hawaiian naval cadet
to enter Uncle Sam's service at
Annapolis, leaves here to-day by
Ellis Lando Is the First
Hawaiian Naval
Cadet. .
Admiral Dewey was elected president
and Commander Barnett secretary. There
was a general discussion of the subject
of coaling and naval stations In Cuba,
with a view to determining whether they
should be garrisoned by the army or by
marines. Secretary Root already has
taken steps to place troops at Guanta
namo and Bahla Honda, and some of the
naval officers are not well pleased at his
action. Secretary Root, by Invitation,
briefly addressed the board, saying that
he believed good results would come from
its deliberations on Questions affecting
both branches of the war force of the
nation and that a joint board was better
tfian routine official communications. Ho
believed that the questions to be brought
before the board and considered in times
of peace would result in a better under
standing and more in the
defense of the country in time of war.
The board adjourned subject to tho call
of the chairman and will not reassemble
until autumn, as Admiral Dewey and
several members are to leave town for
several weeks.
The first meeting of the general policy
board was held to-day. There were pres
ent Admiral Dewey, Rear Admiral Taylor.
Captain Pillsbury, Commander Barnett.
Major General Corbin. Brigadier General
Randolph and Brigadier General Bliss.
Major General Young, the other member
of the board, was not in town.
In addition to this the department Is
to award two classes of prizes for gun
ma nshlp.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Julv 30.-Thc Presi
dent evidently has not forgotten a hobby
which date* back to the. time when ho
was Assistant" Secretary of the Navy. He
then insisted that the main point was the
good marksmanship of the gunners. H«
Issued an crder to-day providing thit
"enlisted men, after having qualified as
gunpolnters, shall receive monthly extra
pay as follows: Heavy gunpolnters, first
class, $10; second class, $8; for the clas3
of guns comprising those of 8-Inch caliber
or larger. Intermediate gunpolnters. first
class, 13; second class. $4; for the second
class of guns comprising those of 4-inch
to 7-Inch caliber inclusive. Secondary
gunpointers. first class, $4; second class.
$2; for the class of guns comprising those
of one-pounder to 3-inch caliber In
clusive." -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i Whether v they. jwill be held to answer a
crimlnal'chargVwilt probably depend upon
the verdict of the Coroner's Jury.
REDWOOD CITY, July 30.— The funeral
of George Lepalmc, the young man who
was shot through the. heart while bath-
Ing near Beresford Tuesday last, will
take place to-morrow^from the undertak
ing parlors of James Crowe. The mother
Of the boy arrived in- San Francisco from
Los Angeles to-day and will be here- to
morrow; to take charge of the body,
which will be Interred in Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. The two young men who are
Held responsible for the boy's death are
still in jail at this place, although they
have made, efforts to be released on ball.
They will be held until after the inquest
on Tuesday, next, when it will be deter
mined whether the evidence will Justify
their being held longer. The autopsy per
formed by Dr. J. L. Ross upon the body
of. the boy shows that' death was caused
by. a rifle ball from a 22-callber rifle.
f Young Howard H. McClellan and.Breco
Martlne, the two young men In Jail, claim
that the death was the result of an acci
dent. . They say they wero Bb/joting at
a' telephone pole from the premises of
young McClellan's uncle and that they
did not see the boys, who were bathing
In . the creek. McClellan seemed greatly
relieved when*he was told that the death
was caused from a rifle ball, as he claims
that during the target practice he was
using a 38-callber revolver and never had
the rifle in his hands.
¦While both McClellan and Martin© in
sist that they were unaware of the pres
ence of the boys, > it Is said that the of
ficers have evidence that will disprove
their/nssertlons. It Is saldthat both of
the accused young men. saw the boys In
swimming in . tho creek when Lepalme
met his death. It is further said that
George-, McClellan, an uncle of Howard,
had seen : the" boys and 'shouted to them
to get off the premises. As they were
fully 600 yards away it is not known
whether. they heard the w"arnlng or not.
Another peculiar feature. about the affair
Is that the telephone pole at which the
men claim they were shooting is not in
line with the place where the boys wero
swimming, but Is far. from being In line.
Not only thla one shot went In the direc
tion of the boys, but for a considerable
time the bullets whistled over them and
the boys lay flat on the ground to avoid
being shot. Lepalme was crossing to
where his friends were lying when he
cried, "My God, I'm hit," ran a few steps,
fell headlong In the midst of his compan
ions and expired Instantly. Shortly af
terward McClellan an<^ Mar'tine, with
guns -in hand, approached the bathing"
party. Learning what they had done,
they came' to this city and gave them
selves up. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
To the fame end— that of establishing
a general standard in all departments of
the railroad— Southern Pacific officials
have completed, after a long conference
In Chicago, a complete revolution In the
mechanical department. Provision has
been made for the adoption of gauges and
measurements eo that there will be one
standard for every article used In, con
struction and equipment from a nut and
bolt up. This work engaged the closest
attention of many of the system's promi
nent officials and particularly its con
structing and maintenance engineers.
A large number of minor changes In the
train rules have been made to conform
them to the national standard. Care has
been taken' to more explicitly lay down
the law for the governing of passenger
train crews. Very definite instructions
are riven rear brakemen of passenger
trains with relation to the duties in "nag
ging" approaching trains. They are espe
cially warned about the use of fuses' at
niRht as signals, and the national rules are
closely . followed in this regard. Minor
changes are also made In the sounding of
train whistle signals.
The new rul e means briefly that one
train shall not leave a station within five
minutes of the time under which a train
ahead is moving. This is an operating
regulation designed as a protection
against rear-end collisions, like ' that
which occurred at Byron. It Is aimed to
keep trains a sufficient distance apart to
insure absolute safety to them. The
"block" system, which is designed to pre
vent two trains from running within a
certain section of track in the same di
rection, gives a protection that cannot be
utilized on single track roads hot thus
equipped. ¦• -
New rules and regulations covering "the
operation of trains have been Issued by
the Southern Pacific Company as a result
of a movement throughout the United
Stat>s to bring all of the railroad sys
tems under one standard of regulation for
train handling.
In line with this idea the company has
adopted the standard five-minute limit
between trains that Is in force on all of
the Eastern roads. This time Is exactly
one-half of the lirnlt formerly in use on
the lines of the \Southern Pacific Com
pany. Heretofore ten minutes has been
the leeway allowed between trains oper
ating on the same track. By reducing It
to five minutes the company adopts a
limit that is used on roads that are largely
operated under the "block" system, ren
dering the need for a wider margin be
tween trains less than on a road where
the tracks are not protected by the
"block" automatic method.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, July 30.
Mr. Chapman has also prepared a list
of assessments taken at random from all
over Alameda County. These assessments
p how that in every case private holdings
are assessed at a greater value than the
mortgages upon them, while tho Oakland
Transit Consolidated has a mortgage upon
it of *4.5?6.500, and yet the entire property
Is assessed for only $1,300,000.
This ia a portion of the showing that
the county Board of Equalization will
have to face on Saturday next, when the
final hearing when the case comes be
fore it.
This Is to say nothing of the exclusive
f » anchlses and prlviTeges enjoyed in the
crowing communities of Oakland, Ala
meda and Berkeley, which amount to
monopolies a/id will prevent any other
corporation ever finding lt« way into these
cities.
In addition to this bonded indebtedness
there are €9,000 shares of stock out. This
stock is valued by the corporation it«
self in the prospectus of Its assets at $G0
a share, which would make the stock value
cf the corporation $4,140,000.
According to these figures, which are
the market value of the stock and bonds,
the corporation is worth in the money
market of the present day a total of
$5,716,500.
FRANCHISES VALUABLE.
Mr. Chapman is armed with facts and
ready to eo ah^ad. He has ascertained
that there are three classes of bouds of
the Oakland Transit Company outstand
ing. Of the first class there are 1409
bones outstanding of a par value of $1000
and a market value of $121 50 on each $100,
which would make the par value $1,400,000
snd the market value $1,701,000. Of the
second class there are 1CO0 bonds out
standing, of a total par value of $1,600,000,
which, as the Stock Board value Is $105,
would be a market value of J1.CS0.O00. The
third class of bonds is a little below par.
There are 1200 of these out, but as they
ere selling at 99*4 the market value would
only be 11,165,500. The total value of all
bonds of the Oakland Transit Company
outstanding is $4,576,500, which is really
the mortgage upon the property.
last day upon which the county Board of
Kqualization can meet or act, and a vote
upon this matter will be necessary upon
that day. It will be impossible to present
the case of the petitioners to the public
Irfore the Board of Equalization will
have adjourned, and by this delay all
pressure from the people will have been
The charge Is made on the part of those
behind the petition for an increase of this
assessment that the postponement was
taken until Saturday because that is the
ANXIOUS FOB DELAY.
The County Board of Equalization post
poned to-day the hearing of the petition
to have the assessment of the Oakland
Transit Company Consolidated increased
until Saturday, but this was not done
until M. C. Chapman, representing the
petitioners, and Harmon Bell, represent
ing the Transit Company, had made re
marks of the most pointed character to
each other. Mr. Chapman openly charged
:hat the Transit Company wanted to delay
ihe hearing, and that as Saturday Is the
last day upon which applications for re
ductions or increases can be made, they
desired to have the matter passed until
that day, because t. ere will then be no
publicity until after the Supervisors have
acted. But despite this, the hearing was
set fcr Saturday morning next at 9
o'clock, at which time Mr. Chapman and
those behind the petition will be heard,
•while in the afternoon the Transit Com
pany will be given an opportunity to set
l^rth its side of the case.
When the now celebrated case of the
petition of citizens to have the Transit
< >mpany's assessment raised was called,
Harmon Bell appeared for the corpora
tion and asked that he be given an op
portunity to prepare for the examination
of C. S. MacMullen. who had sworn to
the affidavit and supplemental petition
that had been filed.
NOT ON ASSESSMENT ROLL.
"Mr. MacMuIlen's name does not ap
pear upon either the petition or the as
f-psfinent roll," said Mr. "and yet
fc*> appears as the prlncii»il one behind
t! is fcction. Mr. Chapman replied:
Mr. 15*11 appear* to be hiding behind minor
i ¦vh-irohtSe*. What %e would like to know It
whether Mr. B*H propose to meet these allega
tion* Kiuarely or whether he propoe«s fight for •
". ircif end delay. It is well known that this pe
ttttaa if in proper legal form. It Is not neces
sary th«t the one who cvetrt to the affidavit
fl.ouifl either be on the petition or the assess
r.ier.t roll, and the question before the board
enl tx-tore the people Is whether Mr. Bell and
}-.:* r])en\ propose to hiile behind quibbles or
v • ftber they propose to come out Into the open
and KB the pecple what they want to know.
It ia not a question of who Is on or who is not
tn this petition, ar.d Mr. Bell does not attack
;¦. -calUy or its furtn. but it ie a question of
v. bettoer the Oakland Transit Consolidated n
a>se»fcf>l ior fi.anO.UUO when the property is
irortJi mas? niilli«>ns of dollar* more. Surely
*'r. Bell ought tn be able to *how whether the j
pr petty <i t:r clients 1b properly esseesed or '
wlirther it ii- BoC
We are rfa^'.y to go en to-day, and yet the ;
Tn&ktt Company want* a continuance until
Katnrday. The fait is that Saturday is the
left day upon whi'-h a heanr.i? can V>e had by !
U;is board. If the h»ar'.np Is j-ostponM until j
r-"atui«lay_ it m'.chr an well be dismissed, for at j
that time thcr* ctn be no C!seu&*ion of the j
irerltf of the case. By delay and filibustering |
and titking advantfige of technicalities the mi- ]
Un day can be eenrumrd. and the actual merits j
cf the controversy can never be re-ached. This
is merely j.uttiryer the matter over until the
< ii-.piuh hour, and we will be deprived of any
< : v-rtuni:>- to go into cur tide of the case hon
c«t!y and fajrly. •
MADE AT LATE DAY.
ilr Bell interrupted with :
Mr. aiarMjilcn bM made hi* cxr.pla.tnt at a
]«:* day. ani we ere not to be deprived ct our
DrfliSUT rlpht* because he did. It Is not our
lau.t That Mr. MacMulirn brought this matter
Dp t-o Itte ar.d rr.ade the time for a hearing so
irhrrt.
"You have had & sceek, for you were
ratified cf this a ¦week ago. and yet you
if me here asking for delay," said Chap
rr.an.
Te are rot like Mr. MacMullen, who
i ?.r, devote all of his time to the defense
> f the- public Interests," sarcastically re
pUed Bell.
"All that we want is an opportunity to
•j-ut in our case before it becomes too
iate." said Chapman. "We only" want a
hearing upon the merits and not the
technicalities of the case."
Then there was a discussion of the time
lo be a'.lowed each side, and it was agreed
that the petitioners should have three
hours in the morning and the Transit Com
pany three hours in the afternoon, and
v.ith Chapman still unsatisfied the equal
izers adjourned.
Oakland Office San Francisco . Call,
111S Broadway, July 30.
Police Claim to ¦ Have Evi
dence" Disproving Acci
dent Contention.
Will Also Award Prizes for
Competition in Marks
manship.
Revisions Are Along Lines
Looking Toward Na- .
tionaJ Uniformity.
Heated Arguments Are Held
Before Alameda Board
of Equalization.
Alleged Slayers of Beres
ford Bather Are Still
in JaiL
President Issues Order
Providing an Extra
Allowance.
Attorney Chapman Ac
cuses Street Railway
Corporation.
Southern Pacific Adopts
Standard Running
Regulations. Z\
AWAIT RESULT
OF THE INQUEST
NAVAL GUNNERS
GET MORE PAY
MAKES CHANGES
IN TRAIN RULES
TRANSIT PEOPLE
SEEKING DELAY
SPENDING SUMMER VACATION
IN THEIR NATIVE CALIFORNIA
Maud Reindollar and Jean Patriquin, Who Are
Winning Their Way in the Eastern Theatrical
World^Renew Old Acquaintances at Woodland
HONOLULU BOY
IS APPOINTED
TO ANNAPOLIS
\ THE SAN FBAKOISCO CALL/ FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1903.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
, n _-,- Lr ,- r |. . -.n.-u-i-.-.ii.ij * - ¦ -
, TBEE DQTTAL 4ZLIHX0
For those unable to pay ordinary of flea faea.
Teeth cl«aned. treated and regulated free..
Plates. Vridfework and crowns made for tha
coat of material. Pivot teeth, crowns and nil-
inss Inserted at cost. Teeth extracted free."
Painless methods. Graduates only. Full guar-
antee. Week days. 9 to 0. Sundays. 9 to 1.
POST-GRAD TJ ATE DEHTA& COI^LSQB
. San rranciaco — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Washington S tr ««t.
San Joie— 45 East Santa Clara Stx««t«United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights.' of. High and. Low
Waters at Fort Point. ¦ entrance to fiaa
Francisco Bay. - Published by official au
- thorlty of, the Superintendent. . v :
NOTE — The high : and low - waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The barkentine Quickstep was cleared yes
terday for Santa Rosalia . with an assorted
cargo, valued at $28.S$«. and including the
following: 1149 bbls flour. 4^.950 lbs rice 144
lbs lea. 100 cs canned goods. 269 gals win#* 607
lbs bread. 1000 bxs paste. 16 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 50 cs salmon. 1312 lbs dried
fruit. 17.«>0 lbs augar. 2400 lbs lard 2245 lbs
chocolate. 120 lbs codfish. 432 lbs. butter. 147
lbs ham. 18.650 feet lumber. 20 kegs red lead
1*C2 e* lubricating oil. 1200 lbs tallow 12
okss srlaaa. 1524 b.-Ucs hay. Zi bdU brooms. 13
A Cargo for Mexico.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The schooner Alert is chartered for lumber
ifom Grays Harbor to Gnaymas.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The barkentlne Tropic Bird arrived yester
<Jay. thirty-eight days from Papeete.' Her
cargo included &3.S52 cocoanuts and a large
thljunrnt of copra. *¥*VfgBE-~~^ - <
Tropic Bird From Tahiti.
The army transport Sheridan, which sails
to-morrow for the Philippines, received yes
terday on board 12.000.000 in gold and silver
coin for the- army In the Orient. Of this
money fl.OnO.OOO consists of new Filipino pesob.
The balance Is' In United States silver and
sold.
Will Carry $2,000,000 in Cash.
?
Tbe barkentlne John Palmer, which arrived
here yesterday from Portland with one of the
largeft cargoes of lumber ever carried by a
vessel of her clans, is owned by guddsn &
Christlanson. of this city, but Is in this port
for the first time. She was built nearly three
yeans ago on Humboldt Ray. and was the larg
est vessel built up to that time at the Ben
dlxften yard. In honor of the first visit of the
v«nsel to her home port Captain Delano yes
terday dreeced the barkentine in bunting ami
observed a holiday on board; The Palmer
brought down 1.400.000 feet of lumber. Since
she was launched rhe has visited many for
eign ports, hut nevex before has she been In
side the Golden Gate.
Her First Appearance Here.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. 1 Due."
S. Monica.... San Pedro.. ............ July 31
<-uraeao Mexican Ports July 31
Lakme San Pedro ' July 31
Del Norte.... Crescent City July 31
Denderah Seattle July 31
F. H. Leggett. Humboldt Bay July 31
Argo Eel River Port* July 31
Pomona Humboldt July 31,
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports July 31
Point Arena . . Point Arena July 31
r.ureka Humboldt July 31
Phoenix...... Mendoclno & Pt Arena. Aug. 1
Mlnnewaska.. New York via San Diego! Aug. 1
San Pedro Pan Pedro I Aug. 1
Arctic Humboldt .{Aug. 2
Chlco Coqullle River Aug. 2
Edith Seattle ...Aug. 2
San Mateo Tacoma Aug. 2
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. JAug. 2
Ctntralia Grays Harbor [Aug. 2
Areata Coos Bay * Pt. Orford.Aug. 2
Newburg Grays Harbor |Aug. 2
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. I Aug. 2
Corona Humboldt Aug. 3
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria |Aug. 3
Ptateof Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.lAug. 3
Texan .New' York t...|Au<. 4
Rainier. ....... /Seattle & Whatcom.... Aug. 4
Chehalls • San Pedro Aug. 6
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Aug. 5
San Jose New York via Panama. Aug. 5
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Ports. Aug. 6
Ramona San Pedro & Way Ports. Aug. 6
North Fork... Humboldt Aug. 6
Newburg Grays Harbor Aug. 7
Mariposa Tahiti ....[Aug. 7
Coptic China & Japan Aug. 8
J. Dollar Seattle- & Tacoma/ Aug. S
Columbia Portland & Victoria.... Aug. 8
• "laverlng China /k Japan...;. Aug. 8
Qu p en Puget Sound Ports..... Aug. 10
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
Jnlj- 31. ~7~ ~~
E. Monica... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 2
Areyll Nome direct ....Pier 21
G. Llndauer. Grays Harbor...... 1 pmlPier 23
Czarina Coos Bay direct... B pmlPier 8
North Fork.. Humboldt 5 pm|Pier 2
N. Maru.... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 4U
AueuM 1. I '
San Pedro. .. Humboldt '. 4 pm|Pler 2
Argo Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Ramona San Pedro & Way. 9 art Pier 19
Columbia....! Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Newport N. T. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Au*cn*t -.
Kureka Humboldt I) am Pier 13
Certralla.... Los Angeles Ports. 9 am I Pier 10
S. Rosa San Diego & Way 9 am|Pier 19
-Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier IV
AnKTint 3. - -
Phoenix . Mendoclno - City 1 pm Pier 13
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 6 pm Pier 16
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Ancuat 4. f
CMco .jCoquille River 6 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 12 m Pier 13
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier V
Ansrust Q. - -
Corona Humboldt .....;... 1:30 p Pier 9
Arctic 'Humboldt 4 pm Pier 10
Chehalls j Grays Harbor. ..... 4 pm Pier 2
Nevadan I llnolulu & Kahulul 3 pmlPier 2o
Coos Bay.... j Newport & Way.. » pmlPier 10
Denderah... {Hamburg & Way. 2 pm Pier 25
AngDit 6. , ¦
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Ventura Sydney & Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
G.AV.Elder. . Astoria &< Portland 11 am Pier 24
Aaernnt 7. I
Curacao Mexican Ports ... 10 amfPler 11
AnKDxt S. .
Siberia China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
City Para... N. Y.'.vla Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Aujrnut O. .
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
I'matilla.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier -0
AiiRiint 1O. • v
Newburg. . . . Grays Harbor.. V. . . 4 pm Pier * 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. *• For.: Sails.
Meteor Nome & St. Michael... July 31
Excelsior..... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Aug. 1
Altec......... Nome ................. Aug. 1
Ohio.......... Nome & St. Michael... |Aug. 2
Humboldt.... Skagwsy & Way Ports. Aug. 2
Senator Nome .................. Aug. 2
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 3
Spokane...... Skagway'& Way Ports. Aug. 4
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 4
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. Aug.' '4
Dirico Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 4
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Aug. V7
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 7
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. [Aug. 11
Farallon..... J Skagway & Way Ports. | Aug. H
Thursday. July 30.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, 15 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Siberia. Smith. 22 days '.from Hong
kong', via -Yokohama 13 days 22 hours 48 min
utes via Honolulu 5 days 18 hours 19 minutes.
Stmr Brooklyn. Hlgglns, 16 hours from Cle
one; bound south: put In to land passengers.
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen. 14'zS hours from
Greenwood..
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 41 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr ' Gipsy. Leland. 16 ? hours from Moss
Landing and way pom.
: Stmr 8?anta Cruz, Glelow, 31 hours from
Port Harford.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, 48 hours from San
Pedro. , ,-. - -
F1- ?hip Leon Bureau, Richard, 8S day's from
Newcastle. Aus.
. Bktn ..Tropic Bird, Jackson, 68, days from
Papeete.
Bktn John Palmer. Delano, 6 days from
Portland.
Brig Lurllne, Forest, 5 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Bendtr Bros, W>tzel,'3 days from Sius
law River.
Schr Newark, Reinerteen. 10 hours from
Stewarts Point. " . .
Schr Ellen Gunderson. Larsen. 6 hours from
Boltnas: un river direct. %
Schr Bessie K.'Merriam, 17 hours from San
Vicente- Landing.
CLEARED.
Thursday, July 30.
- Stmr Queen. Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Paclflc Coast Steamshlo Co.
Stmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka; Paclflc Coast
Steamship Co.
Br stmr Inverness, Proud. Comox; J J Moom
& Co.
Bark Roderick Dhu. Engalls, Hllo; J D
Spreckcls & Bros Co. . • /
Bark Annie Johnson,- Nielsen, .Honolulu; J
D Spreckels & •¦ Bros Co. ;
Bktn Quickstep, Johnansen, Santa Rosalia;
Conjpagnle du Bpleo.
SAILED.
, Thursday. July 30.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Cjuecn, Cousins, Victoria yid Port
Townsend. - - .-¦¦¦. . i-.~
. Stmr Brooklyn. Higgins. San Pedro.
Stmr Westport, Smith, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Corona. Johnson. ¦ Eureka. .
Stmr* Santa Barbara; Zaddart, Seattle.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, Caspar.
Stmr Newsboy, -Corning, Hardy Creek.
Stmr Mineola. Klrkwood. Tacoma. ' •
' Bark Annie Johnson. Nielsen. Honolulu.
Bark Roderick Dhu. Engalls. Hllo.-
Bktn Quickstep, Johnanson. . Santa Rosalia.
~ Schr Cnallenger, Anderson, South Bend.
.. ¦ Schr Fortuna. Ollson.'. Eureka.
Schr Ida A. Campbell. Point Reyes.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodega.
Schr .Advance, Jorgenson, - Bandon. Or.
Schr. Excelsior. Trudgett. .WMllapa Harbor.
Schr Sailor Boy,"Lurman;. Grays Harbor. •
. : ' SPOKKN.
Per stmr Siberia, .from' China and Japan—"
July 27. passed a stmr bound SW. July^SS,
«:30 ¦ a m. lat 33 N.. Ion . 135 50 W, Br ship
Sllevebawn, from Newcastle. Aus. for ' San
Francisco, and wished to be- reported all well;
2:20 . p . m. lat S3 57 N. Ion 132 35 W. schr
Halcyon, from San Pedro, for "Grays Harbor,
and wished to be reported. July 29, 2:20 p m,
lat .36 14 N. Ion 126 57 W, stmr Rosecrajis.
hence July 28, for Honolulu; 5:30 p m, passed
a hark heading SW. * : • . •
• Per bktn ,Troplc Bird. ~ from * Papeete — July
20, lat 3S 03 N, Ion 147 61 W/Br.shlp Chelms
ford. from Newcastle/ 1 ' NSVC tor . San Fran
cisco. ¦ '. . . ¦ -..'.-; ¦•:.,'"¦".'¦ .' ¦ '¦
TELEGRAPHIC. •
POINT . LOBOS. July 30,^10 p. m— Weather
foggy; wind W, veloclty:l« miles per hour..
DOMESTIC; PORTS. 1 :
EUREKA— Arrived July . 30— Nor .bark ' VI
vax, from Acapulco: bktn Amelia, \ from Hono
lulu. > "
- Sailed .' Julv 30 — Stmrs : Pomona and '¦¦ Francis
H Leggett. for San . Francisco; - stmr Eureka,
for San Francisco; stmr ; Pasadena, for San
Pedro: schr Mary Buhne,' for San Francisco, r
'PORT GAMBLE— Sailed r July ' 30— Bktn
Amaranth, for - I'ort Blakeley. .' • • . . ¦ -. .
PORT LOS .ANGELES — Sailed. July 23—
Stmr San Pedro, for San Francisco.' - -
•TACOMA— Arrived July .* ."10— Bktn - John
Smith, from " Redondo: " schr ' Henry K • Hall,
from ; Honolulu. ... ,^i -vQfBQAanptEivupmaBSM
' SAN : DIEGO— Sailed' July 30— Stmr Minne
waska. for San \ Francisco. ' . ' • v
> .. RKIjONDO — A rrived ' July 30— Stmr Chehalls.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon, to-day, I., e.. at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. ni. Greenwich
time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In Charge.
Branch Hydrographic Office,:.!!. • S. N., Mer
• chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
July 30, 1903. *
Time Ball.
Accused of Breaking Man's Arm.
A, Lasserroth, a young waiter, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon by Policeman
Connors on a warrant issued last Februar>
by Police Judge Fritz, charging him with
an assault with a deadly weapon. Th«
complaining witness is Gustav Levy, 32:
Seventh street, who alleges that Lasser
roth, while under the influence of liuqor,
tried to pick a quarrel with him outside
the restaurant where Lasserroth was em
ployed. Failing in this Lasserroth struck
him on the arm with an iron bar, break
ing the limb in three places. The police
say that about a year ago Lasser
roth kicked a boy on the leg, breaking it.
#»I-I»H"I"I"!"I"H"I"I"I"H"M-I-l-I"H'ii
hence July 28: stmr Despatch, hence July 28:
schr Meirose. from Grays Harbor.
Sailed July 30 — Stmr Chehalls, for San Pedro.
ASTORIA — Arrived July 30— Stmr Homer,
from Seattle. .
Sailed July 30 — Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco, via Cooa Bay.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 30— Stmr Che
halls. from Grays Harbor, via Redondo.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 30— Br
stmr Royalist, from Port Blakeley, for Buenos
Ayres; ship Spartan, from Callao.
Passed In July 30— Stmr Philippine, from
San Pedro, for Tacoma.
Sailed July 30— Br stmr Royalist, for Buenos
Ayres.
• TATOOSH— Passed In July 30— Schr Lottie
Bennett, from Redondo, for Ballard: bktn Rob
ert Sudden, from Port Los Angelea, for Port
Townsend. .
Passed out July 30 — Stmr South Portland,
from Seattle, for Grays Harbor; j schr Ariel,
for Sydney.
Passed in July 30-^-Br ship Port Stanley,
from Hamburg, for Tacoma.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July. 30— Schr . North
Bend, for San Francisco. . ¦ ..
PORT HARFOHD— Sailed July 29— Stmr
Coos Bay. for San Pedro.
HOQUIAM— Sailed July 20 — Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
BA NDON. Or— Sailed July 30— Schr Ruby,
for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU*- Sailed July 20. 10 p m— Br
utmr Doric, for Yokohama: Br stmr Aorangl,
for Vancouver.
PORT PIRI&-Arrived July 28— Nor bark
Prince Robert, from Port Gamble.
SOURABAYA — Sailed June 9 — Fr bark Chas
Gounod. *for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Saiied July 19— Stmr Tacoma.
for iTacoina. - , July 24 — Br stmr Empress of
Japan, for Vancouver.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to July 20— Br
Btmr Athenian, from Vancouver: stmr Pleiades,
from Seattle: Br stmr Satsuma, from Manila.
NEWCASTLE. Aus — Sailed July 14 — Br ship
Wenyss Bay. for Mazatlan.
ANTWERP— Sailed July 26— Ger stmr Ser
bia, for . July 28 — Ger ship Thekla, for
San Francisco.
GUATEMALA— Sailed July 9 — Ger stmr Nu
mantla. for Hamburg.
MELBOURNE — Sailed July 13 — Br ship Pin
more, for Newcastle, Aus, to load for San
Francisco.
SHANGHAI— Sailed June 27— Fr bark Pierre
Antolne, for Tacoma. July 3— Russ bark
Hermls. for. Port Townsend. •
SHIELDS — Sailed July 20 — Fr bark Noemt.
for San Francisco. .
ACAPULCO— Sailed July 26 — Stmr San Jose,
for San Francisco. July 28 — Stmr Colon, for
Panama.; ;i ' •
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK— Sailed July 30— Stmr La Bre
tagne. for Havre; stmr Friederich der Grosse,
for Bremen, via Plymouth and Cherbourg;
stmr Mongolian, for Glasgow.
GLASGOW — Arrived July 30— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York. \
LIVERPOOL — Arrived July 30— Stmr Majes
tic, from' New York; stmr Noordland, from
Philadelphia.
•NAPLES — Arrived July 30 — Stmr Hohenzol
lern, from New York, via Gibraltar, for Genoa,
and proceeded.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 30— Stmr Ger
manic, for New York; stmr Haverford, from
Liverpool, for Philadelphia. ;
Movements of Steamers.
Mrs. George Robertson, a former resi
dent of Berkeley, died at Qultman, Ga.,
on the 2$th ir.st. She was the mother of
George M. and Victor J. Robertson of
Berkeley, the latter 6on being one of the
editors of the San Francisco Commercial
News and treasurer of the Commercial
Publishing Company. She was a native
of Georgia and in her seventy-ninth year.
Death of Mrs. George Robertson.
I twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. JULY 31.
Pun rises.... ". 5:11
Sun sets...... 7:20
Moon seu.... 0:00 a. m.
C Time ITlmel Time! Time
£ Ft. f Ft. Ft. Ft.
.» H W . |L W| H W| |L W
3115:31 4.1110:46 2.015:25 5.6!
L-WI - - H-W| IL WJ H W
1 0:21 1.0 6:52 3.9'll:44 2.B 6:19 5.8
2 1:25 0.6 8:10 4.0 12:49 2.7 7:13 6.8
3 2:18 0.3 9:15 4.2 1:40 2.8 8:06 6.5
4 3:08 0.1 10:08 4.5 2:28 2.9 S:55 5.5
5 3:45—0.110:52 4.(5 3:28 2.9 0:39 5.5
0 4:20|— 0.2 11:30 4.S 4:10| 2.9 10:20 6.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of , the tides
the early morning: tides are given in the Jef t
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. .The heights given aro In
addition to the soundings of the United Suites
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth slven by
the charts. The plane of reference is the
mean of the lower low waters.
60 sks sand. 30" bbls cement, 3S bales cotton
waete. - K_« * -
ikss dry goods. 1515 lbs rosin. 700 cs coal
'11. 37 coils rope-. 214 pkgs hardware, 7 cs fuse.
Doinxi of some noted Callfornli&s abroad.
Reafl the Wasp's goeslp. •
BIG LUMBER CARRIER THAT
ARRIVED HERE YESTERDAY
FROM PORTLAND.
M. Alexander. F. S. Allis. L.. Barr. Ercole
Bonii, E. H. Gore-Booth. Mrs. E. H. Gore-
Booth, T. M. Browne. Miss M. L... Chase. Yuen
Cheongr. H. Chrisman, C. P. Clarke and ser
vant. Mrs. C. D. Clarke. II. C. Coleman, P.
I>. Carman. W. B. Curtis, Mrs. W. B. Curtis.
K. L>. Curtis. W. Dallas. Miss Edith Dillon. Mrs.
E. Duke. Lieutenant II. Betton Foster, R. M.;
Master Lee Younif Fow, C. M. Freed. Mrs. C
M. Freed. Mine Uw Gan, W. J. Gick. Albert
I-. Hall. J. 8. Hanna, K. Haeesawa. Mrs. J.
Hathaway, Lew Hln and servant, E. G. Hunt,
C. G. Hum, E. O. Johnson. Dr. C. Hollister
Judd. Mrs. C. Hollister Judd. Lieutenant G.
Kitchener. R. N. ; K. Kobayaehl. Mrs. K. Ko
bayashi and two children; I*. Kobayashl. Mrs. I
IT. Kobayashi. Lee Kow. Mrs. Lease, George
A. L#derle, W. W. Lewton. Mm.
\V. W. I^ewton. Lieutenant Lialin, I.
R. N.; Miss Clara D. Loomls. Mrs. A.
i/oonen. Captain Maddock, T. Vaughn Morgan,
M. Naeai. J. W. Norton. Miss Adele Nott.
Miss I. Omura, Mrs. W. F. Pack. L#<> Pal,
A. L. Pitcher. Mrs. A. L. Pitcher; Captain J.
J. Perehlnjr. V. S. A: ?In Quonfr. S. J. Reeves.
A. W. Rettigr. Mr*. A. W. RettlK. T. C. RidBe
way, MtT.T. C. Riditeway. J. H. Robinson. Mrs.
J. H. Robinson. Edward Rungc. Rud Soherer,
II. B. Schley, A. Perno, Miss Chun Shee and
w»rvant. Mr*. Jun Shee and infant, Mrs. Win
Shee. Mrs. R. II. Sherman, Master Lew Fins, •
Dr. Hugh M. Smith. \V. I. Smith, F. E. Theo
dor. Mrs. F. E. Theodor. Miss L>. O. Thomas,
G. H. Umbsen. Mrs. G. H. t'mbsen. D. F.
Walker. Mrs. D. F. Walker. Mlsa Walker. C.
Walker. R. Walker, Miss Lu Toy Wan, C.
Watanabe. Captain J. H. Whltehead. Mrs. G.
M. Winner. L. O. Woodruff. Mrs. L. O. Wood
ruff. Miss Woodruff, D. C. Worcester, Mrs. D.
C. Worcester. Miss Alice Worcester. Master F.
Worcester. C. Yonnc Mrs. C. Young. Ml&s
Younjr, Lee Yung Yuen and Mrs. B. O. Zozon
llnsky.
five days eighteen hours from Hon
olulu. Slie brought 1S2 cabin passengers,
fifty-five In the steerage and 232 Asiatics.
Her 42D8 tons of cargo included 167S tons
of freight for overland destinations. She
brought 403 bales of raw silk, valued at
$242,000 and her cargo included 174S bales
of gunnies, 926 packages of curios, 27,971
chests of tea and 3 cases of crude opium.
In her treasure room she brought SO cases
of Hawaiian silver, valued at $30,000.
Among the passengers who arrived on
the Siberia were some prominent people
and a large number of globe trotters. G.
H. .Umbsen, the local real estate agent,
returned on the liner. Lieutenant Frank
lin Kitchener of the British navy, a
nephew of l»ord Kitchener of Khartoum,
was a passenger. He has been on the
Asiatic station, attached to the battle
ship Goliath, and is on his way home to
England on lea\-e. Miss Adele Kott of the
Xeill-Frawley combination came home on
the Siberia.
While in the Orient Chief Engineer Fer
guson of the Siberia was injured by fall
ins down a companionway and later died
from pneumonia. His body was brought
home on the Nippon Maru.
Fine weather was encountered through
out the passage, and although the big
steamship made no phenomenal runs she !
kept a little ahead of her schedule all the
time.
Among the passengers were:
THE Pacific Mall Company's liner
Siberia, which arrived yesterday
from th« Orient, was twenty-two
lays coming from Hongkong and
.. arden Frank Soule arrested A. P.
Thomas, Henry Thomas, John Thomas, 1^.
S. Prince and C. H. Ross for killing a doe
at SkagKS Springs. Sonoma County. The
prisoners were taken to Healdsburi?,
where they will appear for trial before
Justice ProvSnes Tuesday.
The deputies cf the Fish and Game Com
missioners have been doing considerable
work lately. Yesterday Deputy Fish
Commissioner and Game Warden C. A.
need of Santa Cruz Valley arrested
George Majors for shootlnp quail. Reed
took his prisoner to Watsonville, where
ho will be tried by Justice Hawkins.
A. McDougall, Deputy Kish Commis
sioner and Game Warden of Alameda
County, arrived In this city yesterday
morninjr with ¦warrants for the arrest of
Pavld Makepiece and Al Guidice. charjj
inc them with having shot a doe. The
prisoners will be taken to Pleasanton to
appear before Justice Quinn.
Deputy F*ish Commissioner and Game
Deputies Are Kept Busy Locating
Miscreants Who Violate the
Protection Laws.
GAME WABDENS AKBXST
MEN FOB. SHOOTING DOE
It la » private enterprise an.1 Is backed
by a number of persona who were Interested
In the bundles of the Cleveland imerurban
road and the electric line throusli the Imm
Anlm«« country In Colorado. Our survey
has nothing- to do with others that have been
made for the same purposes, nor ts our route
the umr. The road will b« built for freight
a? well as i>asser.rrr traffic. Wkh a branch
that we Intend to extend Into Tuolumne
<V>ur!ty we ehall have 16* mile* of line, th*
rower for which will be renerated from sta
tior.s which we shall build on the Merced and
Tuolumne river*. A few rlehts-»f-way have
jet to be secured, but we are practically a»
*ured them and unless unforeseen obstacles
are encountered we shall incorporate a com
pany to raanace the enterprise during the
next four weeks. Tho projectors of the road
hoj>e to have the road doing busin«9 between
Stockton asd the vaJley within fourteen
months.
When seen yesterday Gage stated that
the parties interested have been making
surveys for a number of months and
have nearly completed their work. They
hope to begin the construction within a
few raocths. The plan is to build a stand
ard gauge road from Stockton to the val
ley by way of Chinese Camp, thence, to
Big Oak Flat, around the sawmills to
Merced, Hamilton and Crocker and then
to the entrance of the valley. In dis
cussing the road Gate said:
Charles Gage of Denver, representing
a syndicate of Chicago. New York and
Cleveland capital, asd Edwin de Haven,
who is identified with several mining en
terprises in the Tonopah district, have
been at the Pidac* Hotel for several days,
where they are perfecting plans for an
electric road bctwfen Stockton and the
Tosemite V»Uley.
With the New York are the Marble
head and Bennlngton. The vessels were
steaming along In close order, the New
York in the lead, through a dense fog.
According to the chart j and an observa
tion obtained Just before the fog shut
down," there was plenty of clear, deep
water for miles in every direction and the
flagship set a fairly speedy gait.
"Breakers ahead!" came suddenly from
the lookout forward. - The flagship was
stopped and the j other 1 vessels j were or
dered , to do the same. All anchored and
no move was made till .tJie fog lifted.
Ahead, in every direction, could then be
seen breaking water and: not a quarter
of a mile ahead was an island, on which,
but tor the lookout's keen ears, the New
York and her gunboat escort would in ten
minutes mpre have been piled.
- The health of the fleet is reported good.
The crews of all three vessels are catch
ing an abundance of fish, 500 pounds of
gray cod having been hauled aboard the
New York on one morning as the result
of an . hour's fishing. The squadron will
be back in this harbor about Septem
ber 15. '¦••.>?r-.
According to a letter received in this
city yesterday from a member of the crew
of the' United .States '. cruiser New York,
the flagship and th£ other vessels of the
Pacific ; squadron had a narrow escape
from destruction .on July 15,' shortly be
fore reaching Dutch Harbor.
Will Have Electric Line
Completed Within Four
teen Months.
Misled, by Defective "Chart
. Admiral Glass Nearly
Loses Fleet.
New Enterprise Backed
by Capitalists in
the East. .
Flagship New York
Leads Squadron Into
the Breakers.
PLANNING ROAD
INTO YOSEMITE
Pacific Mail Gom|6ahy ? si'Big;. Liner Arniyes r From the
Orient With Nearly 500 Passengers and 4298
Tons of Cargo, Including 27,97 I Chests of Tea
WAR VESSELS
HAVE CLOSE CALL
SIBERIA BRINGS RAW SILK SHIPMENT
WORTH, IN PRESENT STATE, $242,000
THE. SAN FBANCISCO; CALL. ifBIDAY, JULY 31, 1903.
10
RAILWAY TBAVEI*.
California
Limited... *
To CHICAGO
lv*Mii SUll or Those Who
B\ Emm JjS OCCj\ lll» ¦ UwO..
B^Bl^aP
SANTA FE TRAINS
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I Llm'd I Local | OVrl'd
1 Dally I Dally I Daily IDaily
Lv." San Fran.. 7:30 a| 0:30 a -4:00 p i«:0O p
Ar. Stockton... 10:40 a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
"Merced'. 1:06 p 1:35 p ....... 1:28 a
"Fresno ....'. 2:40 p 3:20'p ...".... 3:15 a
"Hantord ... 4:58 p 4:07 p....... 7:50a
"Visalla 4:55 p 4:48 p ..'...;. 5:OOa
" Bakersfleld . 7:15 p 8:00 p ....... 7:35 a
" Kansas City ....... 2:35 a....... 7:00 a
"Chicago 2:15 p ....... 9:47 p
a for morning; p for afternoon. .
.7:30 a. ' m- Daily Is Bakersfield Local, stop-
ping at all. points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:35 a. m. dally.-
9 :30 '"-¦ a. - m. • Monday and Thursday Is ' the
CALIFORNIA : LIMITED, carrylnff Pal-
ace Sleeping- Curs - and ¦. Dining - . Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to ¦Bakers-
fleld 'for accommodation of local first-class pas-~
sengers. \ NO- second-class • tickets are honored
on .this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday. :=^PKtsSKv«3E
';• 0:30 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited,* Composite.
Car and Reclining Chair Car between • Bakers-
field - and : San . Francisco. ', Corresponding . train
arrives at: 11:10 p. m., dally.; ¦ . "
4:00 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. daily.' ' ¦
8:00 p. ' m. Dally ,; is ; the ; Overland '¦: Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining ¦ Chair-; Cars to ' Chicago; ¦ also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at- Fresno. Cor-
responding, train arrives at 6:25 p. m. daily.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and < East leave < San Francisco : every
Monday, Thursday : and Saturday : at ' 8 p.'tn.--
, Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry De.
sot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
OCEAN TBAVZL.
e Steameri Ie«v# San Fran-
clrco as follows:
Fcr Ketchlkan. Juneau.
Ekar*>-ay. *tc. Alaska — 11 a.
m.. Aus-im 4. 9. 14. 18. 24,
2J». Sept. 3. Chanee to com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Tort Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coraa. Everett. Whateom — 11
a ra.. Aurust 4. H. 14. 19. 24. 29, Sept. 3.
«'han«e at Seattle to this company*? steamers
for Alaska aad G. N. Ry.; at Seattle for Ta-
coma to N. F. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Enreka « Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p m.. August 2. 8 14, 20. 26, Sept. 1; Corona
1 :S0 p. m.. Autust 6. 11. 17. 23. 23. Sept. 4.
For Los Armeies (via Port Los Anreles and
rtedcndo». San Dletro and Santa Barbara —
hanta Rosa, Sundayr, 9 a. m.
State cf California, Thursdays, 9 a. ra.
For Los Anreles (via tan Pedro and East
t-an Pefirc), Sar.ta Barbara, Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San FJmeon, Cayucos/ Port Harford
(San Luis Obi*po). Ventura and Hucneme.
Coo* Bay. it a. m.. Aurust 5, 13. 21, 29,
S*Pt. 6.
Rarnoca. 9 a. tn.. August 1, 9. 17. 25. Sept. 2.
Fcr Hnsenada. MardaJena Bay. Kan Joee del
Cafoo, Masatlan, Altata. La Par, Santa Ro-
5*Iia. Guaymas <Mex). 10 a. m . <th of each
rnmsth.
Per further Information obtain folder,
nirht 1* reffn - ed to change steamers or *»U-
lm dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 Now Montgom-
ery »trwt «Palace Hotel>. 10 Market Ftreet and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office, 10 Market *treet.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Ar^nt.
10 Market si.. San Francisco.
O. /?. & /V. CO.
•^Columbia" aalls Aug. 1. 11. 2J, 31. "Georre
W. Elder" «alU Julv 2T. Aug. «, .,. 28. Only
•teaasefcip line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
mil line from Portland to all points East.
Throurh tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Epear at. at 11 1. m. Z. F. BOOTH
Gen. Act. Pars. Dept.. 1 Montgomery st.; C
CLIFFORD. Gen. Ad. Frt. 1 ;pt.. S Montgom-
err st. \
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO> '
Steamer* will leave wharf, corner Flrn and
Biancan rtreets. at 1 p. ra.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (HiosoK
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hoceking with steamers for India, rtc No.
cargo received on hoard on day of salltnr
B. S. NIPPON MARU Friday. July 31 l»aj
*. S. AMERICA MARC
Wednesday. August 2C 180S
6. 6. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nlla) Saturday. September 19. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rater. Fcr Jrelrhi and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
\V. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oceanics.SXo.s^K!
B. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, tamoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. -Thursday. Aug. 6. 2 p. m.
5 S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 15. 11 a. m
6 6. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aug. 15. 11 a.ra
4U.jfucmsa5K..cD,Arj..itti:Entai,6«iirwa
F«cttC2B8.3IS Kvkit !L.f isr II 7. htit tL
C0XPA6KIK CEKERALK TBAFSATLaNTIJCJ
UIRECT LINE TO HA \T4E- PARIS. w
t-*;ii.-.g every Thursrtay. Instead of
b*tur>:*>. at 10 a. m., rrcm Pier 42, i»Sir&7
Kurtn River, foot of Morton street.
First -class to Havre, (70 and upward. See-
ccd-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Bulldlns).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Padflc Coast
Aicrnts. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. ¦
Kare Island and Vail « Jo St«amer». .
Steamer GEN. FR1SBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:16 and »:30 p. m.. except Sunday. |
fcur.dsy. 0:45 a. tn.. S:30 j>. m. Leaves Vallejo,
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. nv. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 centa. lei.
Main 1506. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. - HATCH
KKO*. I
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Xtalna leare and »r« dise to »rrlr« «>s
SAN 1TJBANCISCO. .
Qtrnim LIB*. Toot of Market Street )
HTflOA E«nlcls.8alsua,KUalraaii«D«ersj. _^
mento..: *-|3*
7.00a VsenTlUe, Wtnters, Ramsey 7.25#
7.30a Itntinei, Saa Bmnon, Vullejo.
Ssp». CKllstos*. 9»nt» ISosa 0.25*>
7I0a Slles. L»throp. Stockton 7.2S*
• (HI a PnTls.VTtxxlUnd.KnlKhts LanUlne.
MarysTlIle. Oro*lll'-. (connects
at Marrrrlllo lor Orldley, Bl«s
andCWro) . 7.58»
8.00a AtiADticRxpress-OcaeasndEasi. 10.25a
8 CO* Fort Coita, ViarUnei. Antlor h. BT*
ron.Trncy.StocktoD.SacrsnieBM,
Los B»n< s. Mendcu. Hsaford.
VImIIs. rorterrllla "»4.2&»
8.00a Port Costa. Mortises. Laibrop, Mo-
desto, Merced, Fresno, Gosbea
Junction. Hanford. ,/VlsaUa,
BakerstteM 9JS»
8.30a SbnstA Express— D»t1s, 'Wtillnms
(for Bartlett Springs). 'Willows,.
tFrnto. Ked Blnff. Portland 7JtS*
840a >"11p«. S»O Joee. Llvermnre. Stoct-
ton, lone.S«cr»rnento,Placenr Ilia,
Manrrrllle. Ciilco. Hed liluff 425*
S 30a OskdsJe. Cntnese. Jamestown. So
nor*, toolnmnn »nd Angels f-£f*
8 00a Martinez sod Wsy Stations 6 6&»
10.00a Vallejo- 1Z2&T
OOXOa Crescent City Express. Kastboand.
—Port Cost*. Byron, Trscy, la>-
•-% tbrop, Stockton. Meree*!. K»y-
rr?«d. Fresno. Uoaford. VUsila. 0
Bakerf&eld. Loa Anseies and
Kew Orltan*. CWfMbound ar-
rl-»es as Paeltto Coast tjtpress,
via Coast Line) sUDI
1000a Tbe Orerland IJmlted — Ugden,
Denver. Omsba, CMcaso. 6 25»
12.00* n»y ward. Niles and "VTay Stations. S.2S»
ti.OOr Sacrsmento River Steam«rs_ til. 00*
3-SOi" BcDtcla. Winters. SaeraneBtow
WoodlaBd. -WlUlkms. CoIua».WIl-
lows. Knights Landing. Marys-
Title. Ororllle and way stations.. 10-53*
SZOr Hayward.NIJes and Way Sutiona.. 7-56>
4-COp Martlnez.SsnIUmon.ViUlejo,Sapa >
CaMitOKa. Sanu Rosa. .5'i?*
4.00T Martlne«,Tracy.L»tbrop.8U)ektOB, 10. 25*
4 OOr Klles, Lrr ermore. Stockton, Lodl.. ¦ 4-2S»
4.50r Hayward. Nlles. Irilnnton. San ? t8-65*
' Jose. Ltvermort i 111.6a*
S«0p Tbe Owl Llmltod— Fresno. TuUre,
Bakersneld. Loa Angeles; con-
nects at Sangoa lot Santa Bar-
bara. 8.53a
6C0f Port Costa, Trscy, Stockton, Loa
Baooa IZ-Zor
tS.30r Nlles, gas Jose Local 7.25*
I.OOr Hayward. Nile* and 6an Jose 10.2a*
tUJOr Orlenu] Mall— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha. St. Loots. Cbleago and
fc»»t- (Carries Pnllnaaa Car p«a>
scogers esiy out of B«n Fran-
cisco. Toorlut ear and eoaea,
•assenirers take 7.00 r. m. tn'.n
-* to Reno, eontlnnlng thence tat
their cars • r.a.traln eastward.. '" 44Ss>
Wrsibound. Sunset Limited.—
From Sew Tork. Chicago, Sew
Orleaaa. KI P»ao. Lot Anfelea.
Freano, Berenda, Raymood (from
- Tosemlte), Marttsn. Arrtrn.. l!li
Itftr Baa Pablo. Port Costa, Martlnes
and Way Stations................. 11.25*
J7X0» Tauejo_ 7A6»
7Ji0r Port Voata, BealcU, Sulsun, Paris,
Sa«ramento. Trackeo, Reno.
Etops at »11 stations east «f
Eacramento ...................... 7J5S+
•-Ofip Oregon * California Kxpriss— 8ao>
ramento, MarysmiA. BeddtDR,
PorUand. Pnget Sound and Bast. 8 55*
19.10? Hayward. Nile* and San Jote (Sun-
day only) J11^5«
lUtr Port Costa, Tracy, Latbropw Mo-
de 1 to, Merced. Raymond (to To-
*emlte). Fresno..... 122B»
Hanford. Tlsalla. Bakersfleld 6.2£>
COAST LINE (5arr»w tta«g*V
(Foot of Market Street.)
*t7<45* £aat* Cru Szearslon (3nnday
only) ;.... t3.1Q»
8-15a Vewark. C«at«mil«. Saa Jose.
Felton. Boulaer Creek, Santa
Crai and Way Stations. 8-2S»
12.18' Kewark, Centervllle. Saa Jo»%
i ;, New Aim Aden, Lo« Gsux.Felton.
Bonlder Creek. Santa Crus and
Principal Way Stations ......... IQ-S&k
4.111" Newark. San Jose. Los Gatos aad
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Santa
Crnz. connects at Felton for
Boalder Creek. Monday only
, from Santa Crui) t8-88»
•6AKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SAN > KA> CISCO, root of M»r\cet St. (Slip O
-tt:lS »:00 11:00 aj«. 1.00 300 B.ISr.M.
t>om OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 2&t*
t8:0S 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2-00 4.00 r»-
COAST LINE <Rn»a<* «*««,>.
(Tblrd and Townsend S treats.)
¦ 6.10a San Jose and Way Stations..... .... 7.30v
t7-00* Pan Jose and Way SUUonn..... ... 6 30»
/7 00a New AlTnsden.. y4-10r
17.15a Monterey and Santa Crnx Exctur
slon (Sunday only) X8.3Q*
•8.00a CoastLlne Limited— Stops o«ly Ssn
Jose.GUroy.lIolUster.PaJaro.Caa>
troTllle, Salln as. San Ardo,Paa*
Bobles. Ssnta Ma rgarl t a, San Lnla
Oblspo,(prlnclpaU statlomtbeno«>
Sant* Barbara, and Loa An-
geles. Connection at Castro*!]]*
to snd from Monterey sndFaclfl«
Orore and at Pajaro north bound
from Capitols and SantaCrnz.... 10.48V
•«J* San Jose. Trea Finos, Cspttola,
f to to Cruz.PsclCc Grore.Sallnaa.
Ssn Lnls Obiipo and Principal
Inteimedlate Station* 4.109
Westbound only. Pacific Coast Ei-
ot»p».— Frcm New Tork.Cbl«ago«
Kew Orleans. El Paso. Los An-
.. _„ e t*les. Santa Barbara. Arrive... t.3C»
IO^ua Can Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
11 30 a Saa Jose, Los Gatos and Way Sta-
ttons 5.33*
*'"*y> San Jose and Way Stations......... x 7 OOr
Jt.OOr Ban Joae and Way Sutlons 53.40*
nj.tCr Del Monte F.xpreas— Santa Clara.
* t»n Jt»e. Del Monte, ilonterey,
Paclflc Grove (connects at Sant*
Clara lor Sant* Cru, Boalder
__. Creek and Narrow Ganpe Points) t12.18»
oiler Bnrllnrsme, San Mateo. Redwood.
iienlo F ark. Palo Alto. Msyseld.
MonnuinTlew.LawTence. Santa.
Clara, San Jose. GUroy (conneo-
Um for fidlllster. Tres Plnos),
Pajaro (connection for W»t>on*
vl!lr. CapitoU and Sacra Croz),
Psclae Gist* and way staUona.
Connect* at Castrovllla for £*•
_.- ««»*• ia43*
•J~5CT San Jose at.1 Way Stations 8-38*
ett-COr San Jose, (via Sant* Clsra) Loa
Gatos. Wright and Prtnctpsl Way
._• _ . StaUons W 00*
«{540p San Jose and Principally StaUons t8 DOa
•1S.16> Ean Mateo, Beresford.Belmont.San """**"
Carles. ReUwood. Fair Oats.
¦- Menio Park. Palo Alto t« 48*
6-JCr San Jose and Way Sutlons. BJfiT
•7CCr Sunset Limited. Eastboand.— San *"**
Lnls Oblspo. Sant* Barbara. Los
Anceies, Dcmlng. SI Paso, New
Orleans. Sew York. (Westbound
. .- «.*«.
8.C0r Palo A!U> aodWay Stallon*.. \niZl
•HJfli Mlllbrae. Pala Alto and Way Stll lalS " fc
tlona. „.,
• n-M*MlUbrae. San Jos« and'wayTtal ra - 45 *
""^ ..... JI "* a. 4to>
X Eatnroay^nTs^nday onry. F '<* ****£.— T
{Stops at all ttationa on Sunday.
1 Sunday excepled. I Sondsy oolr
• Sauiday only. *'
«Vla Coast Line. / Tnesday aid MdaJ '^^'
m Arrr»e Tla JfHea. « Dally excent s.t»"«i..
• Tla San Josauto Valley. "^P* **H"«V.
Stops Eanta Clara tooth bonad mir* r,,,.^
except Sunday, lor all points Narro-cJ- nt ~ OMi<a
_JjJfio aot ston at Valencia Et U * B *^ -
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Saa Fran. _rW < Hart., 3t ' | - Sa^FrL.
f^^S^ p^^f
4:iarlO:OOA slsopftlior
fciw^ytsaiy. law Y s-.aor.ffl'lilaS;
: aa.iaiaaag>ayisnaiBg
WeeHy GaBT^LoolefYear
WMrl KATLWAY TBAVEL.
IS ITy | Why take a
A USki J f tourist sleeper? I
WuM Mz — | A better way to put the
H- ml ' c i ucstion is: why takc
wf \\\ BS} m The berC?ths are room 7»
IMJ Y lnasii^|' W the bedding is of better
""""Tj v(|\ \ /-^ I *7l quality than is found in the
' ' jlImsTT/ 1 *r--~ average hotel; the ventilating,
$m$!lf / I Vf^S-? lighting and heating arrange-
Wmffl J LJ^^' ments are up to date; there
'- ISf K i'ih'^' are se P arate toiIet ro °™ 5 for men
¦ Wmn f • I ft anc * womcn 5 t^ ie a^ e s car P cte<^»
J^' and there is a heating range for
||||jj making tea and coffee.
PM^ Rock Island tourist ?lf epers leave San Francisco and Los As^eles
I daily for Kansas City and^Ehicajo via El Paso; Monday. uJiimfll »r
TufVday and Thursday cart from San Francisco are
Personally conducted from Los Angeles. "Scenic" line cars leave yi/TnS'J fjpT in ¦
San Franci«co Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays. All three allUniSMlllllll
arr personally conducted." Tickets at all So. Pac. ticket offices. SjA^^KJqattLgM
Folder giTing full information furnished on request. WB1
F. W. Thompson, G. W. A.. frtt*tt£xfX&*gt
623 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal. fKSr^ly
The North Western*
< Union Pacific Excursions
'• afford unusual opportunities for^an
economical aad satisfactory journe/ to
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For full Information apply to or address
.'¦'r. R.RITCHIE.' S. F. BOOTH.
General Agent. Gen 'I Agent Fau'r Dept,
Chicago & North- Western Ry. Union Pac'fic R. R.
6 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAU
CALLFORNU NORTHWESTERN II. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAIL WAT COMPAHT.
Tilraron ferry, root of Market St.
SAN PEAHCISCO TO SAH KATAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. $:00'»:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:33, 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
P. m. .. ; ' — \
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30 8:00 9:30 ll:0O a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40, 5:10 8:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAFAEli TO SAN rBANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05 6:50. 7:33. 7:50, 9:20,
11:15 a m.; 12:50. t2:0O 3:40. 5:00. 5:20.
6:25 p. m. .
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 ¦*$ P. n.
SUNDAYS^-6:50.. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:«.
3:40. 4:60. 5:00. 5:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
' Saturdays.
I In Effect 1 Arrive
San Francisco. I May 3. 1903. | San Frandaeo.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. | tion. | days. | Days.
7:30a ~. 7M5a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40 a
S:00a 9:30 a Itnado. 10:2Oa 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 6:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a) 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a|10:20a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2j£0 p _ 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30a 7:30a Healdsburgr. ' 10:20a 10:20a
Lytton. > ¦
,2:30p 2:30 p GeyservUle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale. . '
"7:30a| 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
7 :30^ |7:30a| Wllllts. | 7:25 p| 7:25~p~
8:00al 8:00 a I Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p[ Guemevllle. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al I Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. |6:00p| 6:20 p
~7 :30 al 7 :3b~aj i [lO :20 a|iol2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| . Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln. at Santa Rcsa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altruria and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs ;
at Geyservlll* for Skag-gs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers,! Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at. Hopland for Duncan Springs.' High-
land Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs", Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes, I*aurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs,
Upper' Lake, Pomo, Potter Vajley, John Day's,
Riverside. Lieriy's, Bucknell's. Sanhedrln
Heights, Hullville. Orr's Hot. Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens, ' Hop-
kins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragjr. Westport.
Usal; at Wllllta -for Fort Bragfr. Westport.
Sherwood, Cahto. Covelo, Laytonville, Cum-
mlnKS, Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Garbervllle Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
t Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ..
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all paints
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
» Ticket-office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
buildlrir.-
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen.. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
TO SAN RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK-DAYS — (Holidays exceptedVr-6:43,
i»7:45, S:45, 9:45, 11 a. m.. 12:20. ."I US. 3:15,
4:15, f5:15 *«:15. 6:45. 1). 11:45 D . m.
. 7 :45 a." m. train week days does not run to
Mill Valley. " ¦ ¦ *
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
18- ¦ 1*9 •f'10.11. tll:30 a. m.. fl2:3C. t*l:30.
2-35 *3:00. 5. 6. 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qucntln. Those
marked <t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train run*
°FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week- day s— 5:25, it»:25. 7:40, S:15. 19:35
11:06 a. tn.. 12:30. 2:20. J3:45. 4:50. 5:30. «:45,
, 10:20 d.. m. I
: : SUNDAYS— 6:15. 7:35.' $S:10/ 9:40. 110:55,
tll:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30. J3:25, 4:10. J5:50.
«:55. 7:35, 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked «J) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Week days — 5:45. 6:40. 7:45, a-"5.
9:45. 11:10 a.m.. 12:40." 2:«. 4:15; 5:10. 7:o^
; 10:40 j>."m. .
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:55, 10. 11:10 a. m. 1205
1:05. 2:40. 3:45.' 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:10 p m '
THROUGH TRAINS. *;
. 7:45 a. m., week days — Cazadero and way
stations. •
- 5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays exce'pted)
Tomales and way stations. - ¦
• -3:15 -p.. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.^ ¦ • > ¦¦-..'•
i Sundays and Legal Holidays — S a. m Caza
deroand-way stations. "*
' Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m. -Point
Reyes. and ; way stations. ' *
V. TICKET OFFICE— «2«$ Market st.
'FERRY— Foot 'of Market it.
- - . — • •• Cash quotations, were as follows: Flouc.
steady; No. 2 spring wheat. 80@82c;:No. 3, tjfJ
©80c; No. 2 red. 78%@80c; No. 2, corn, .52C:
No 2 yellow, 53Q53%c; No. 2 oats.- 45c; No. 21
white. 36%@38c; No. 3 white. 32% ©36c; No.' 2 1
rye, 51%c; good feeding barley, 32®40c; fair to
choice malting. 47©53c;' No. l.Tlaxseed, 93c;
No. 1 Northwestern. 07c; prime timothy seed,
FLOUR— California Family 'Extras, $4 60@
4 85 usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50@4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 90®4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 9004 40 for Bakera'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages ar« as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour $3 25: Rye Meal.. $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn -Meal, $3 25; extra^cream do. $4; Oat
Groats $4 60; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour '$4 50<-?4.75; Cracked Wheat. $3 60- Fa
rina $4 25; Whole Whear Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls $0 75®8 60; Iff sacks. $Q 23©8 10;
Pearl Barley.' $5 50; Split Peas, boxes, . $7;
Green Peas. $5 60 per. 100 lbs. - 1
Flour and Millstuffs.
, Chicago was . steady, though the feeling was
not so strong as on the preceding day." The
Chicago letter of Bolton, de Ruyter & Co. said:
"Market little easier. Receipts of , hogs still
large, but packers are reporting a little better
cash demand, .and the large packing Interests
have been supporting prices yesterday and to
day. General outside' Interest Is small. W«
still ¦ feel ¦ that . without ' some disaster to .the
corn crop an advancing market on provisions
will be hard: to maintain.'^* --~ I'-
This market continued quiet and unchanged.
CURED" MEATS— Bacon, 12c . per lb. for
heavy. 12 %c for light medium. 14%o for light.
15c for ' extra light. 17c . for . sugar-cured and
18c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. - 14%@16c: California Hams, 14®
14%c; Mess Beef, $11 50© 12 ¦ per..- bbl; extra
Mess, $12@12 60;' Family, $13 60;: prime Mess
Pork, '¦ $19; extra clear," $26; Meos, '$20; Dry
Salted Pork. 12Hc;. Pitt. Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet,
$5 25; Smoked Beef, 15c per lb. •;.
* LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure; half barrels, pure.
8%c: 10-lb. tins.. lOVic; 5-lb. tins, lO&c; 3-lb
tlns,-10%c ¦'<-': j- - • • ¦-.'""?
. COTTOLENE— On« ball barrel, 0%c; three
Provisions.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— * ' ' :
July (old) 79U .80 78% 79%
July (new) 79 V f SO 78% 79 V4
Sept. (old). 79% 80«4 79V« . 79%
Upt. (new)..... 79% 80% 7S% - . 79&
Jufy 0 ™ .*?:.?". 63*4 63% 63 53%
September ..... 52% 53% 62% 62%
December 62% «% M . 52
May* 18 ..^. 0 '.?". 36T1 36% 36% 36%
July i 42% 46% .41% 4l r .
September 33% 34 fa • ¦ S3% 34
December ...... 34$_34% «4% 34%
Me«s Pork, per bbl —
September .I... 13 85 13 07% 13 85 13 00
Lard, per 100 lbs — ~
September ..... 7 85 8 02% x 7 85 7 97%
October - v. 7 80 7 87% 7 SO 7 85
Short Ribs, per ¦ 100 lbs —
SepXmber ..... 8M 8 12% 8 00 8 12%
October .'7«7% 8 02K 7 05 7 97%
Fruit and Weather Bulletin.
- H~"~flBHH"S" - BBMMfl||A|^HBB^^MMBtB^BBH^HPji
For th« twenty-four bourn ending 5 p. mu
iroth meridian time. Ban Francisco. July 30:
-5* ?¦- * » -*« o5" c 2.
eg" C 3 G.Z %*¦*%*&.
STATIONS. \ ~ O.9 ~ T ? ?
• • ¦ m '. • •
•"'Iumi 04 fift .... Clear .... ..
f^reka 68 f.2 Cloudy NW fl
, K /*"n« 1«2 m .... dear NW «
<'«nford 101 54 Clear .. . ..
Hoiii«t«r ...... « 6O near . . ..
l-Kiependence .08 70 Clear SW IS
King City .... M M .... Clear N Btrg
I-ivtrrnore 81 61 .... Clear
'<"> Angeles ..76 64 .... Clear SW 8
Newman K«t !M» .... Clear
''•I'-ao IPO 56 Clear S
Porterville .. ..fl» 5» Clear W
muff 1O0 €4 Clear N Lt
£ |V V»»<1«» *« SI Clear .... ..
Pacramerjto . . . «2 M .... Clear 8 S
Fan Diego 6« *S. Clear SW 8
?-*n Fr»nr!is<"T>. . *3 60 .... Clear W 24
K- I-. Oh'ypo . . 76 50 .... Clear IV Lt.
hanu Maria ..70 64 .... Clear W
K*ntt. rto«a ... « 4) Clear
Ftookton R9 62 .... Clear . . ..
W"J»c*s Jrt C2 .... Clear N
NEW FRUIT— Apricots, 6%®9c for Royals;
Evaporated Apples, 6%c: Peaches, 4%@7o for
lair to good mock; Pears, nominal at 7c.
OLD FRUIT— Evaporated Apples. 4g5%c;
sun-dried, 3®4c; Peaches, 4@5%c; Pears, 40
4V4c for quarters and 6<&6%c for halves; Nec
tarines, 4@5c for white; Plums, 4©6c for pitted
and 14fl%c for unpitted; Figs, 3%@4c for black
and 4@5c for white. ':-'¦'¦'¦ '-'¦>
PRUNES— 1902 crop, 2%@2% for the four
sizes with %@lo premium for the large sizes.-
RAISINS — 1U02 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 50-lb boxes, 5 Vic per
lb;-3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 6c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 5c: Seedless Sultanas, 5c; Seedless
Thompsons, 6%c; 2-crown London Layers, 20
lb boxes. $1 40 per box; 3-crown, $1 60: 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes, $2: 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes, $2 50; 6-crown Imperial*.
20-lb boxes. $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb cartons, 7%c: choice, 7%c. •
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12%@13c;
No 2. 10%@U%c; No. 1 hardshell, ll%@12c;
No 2 10®10%c:- Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
10%©llc for IX L, 10® 10% for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8@8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts, 5@7c
for Eastern;. Pecans, 11® 13c; Cocoa nuts, $4 50
©5.- i ¦ ' • '¦¦ "i -- •;¦¦ ¦-¦•
HONEY — Comb, new, nominal; new water
white extracted, 5%@6c; light amber extract
ed, ¦ 5®5%c; dark, nominal.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
Dried FrtiitSjNutSjRaisijis^Honey.
Weather Report.
C120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, July SO, 5 p. m.
= B 2 3 2 3-
I eiil-^i if at
STATIONS. £ «§ «| si a"" e
- t - 1 — -; c
• #• »» • . • - o
: I 5 ; ; f
Baker 2?.S"! 72 00 NW Clear loJ)
•'arson 29.K2 M 4S E Clear .00
Kjrtka. 30.12 TA f.2 NW Cloudy .00
Fresno 23.78 102 UO NW Clear .09
FlswtafT 29.76 M 44 EW Pt.Cldy .00
Independence 29.«iS OS 70 SW Clear .00
Log Angeles.. 23. fc"t 7« 54 SW Clear. "¦ .00
Mt Tamaipala.a - .y2 78 «4 NW Clear .00
North Head... .... .. 64 ...
Pho^r.lx 29.64 V*i 72 W Clear .00
I-iratello. Ida.29.72 M «0 SW Rain T.
Portland 30.18 «J8 68 NW Pt.Cldy .04
Point Reyes... 23. 84 68 50 NW Clear .00
Red ttuff 29.76 100 fit N Clear .OO
Koteburg 30.12 74 59 N Clear ,00
fiicraaento ..23.R0 VZ 86 S Clear .00
Suit Lake 29.68 SO m NW Clear .00
Han FranciBco.23.!*2 *r2 50 W Clear .00
8. L. Obispo. .23.92 76 60 W Clear .00
P*n Diego 29 >S fix <3 FW Clear V:. 00
Seattle 30. 1* «*1 5tt KE Pt.Cldy T.
Spokane 23.94 70 C2 NE Cloudy T.
.10.20 «0 52 RW Cloudy T.
r Walla Walla. .29. &6 78 «0 N Pt.Cldy .00
¦vvinnemucca .23.80 S4 58 NW Clear .00
Tuns 29.64 10S 74 W Clear .00
•LEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Warmer weather prevails generally over
California. In Nevada there has been a slight
fall in temperature and in Idnho and Eastern
Washington a CrrKJed fall. Afternoon temper
fcture* of about 100 degrees are reported gener
e!!y in the rreat valley.
There has been a sharp rise in pressure over
the rorth western portion of the country.
Rain has fallen at Portland and a thunder.
«orn: is renort»d at Pocat»>llo.
Fort-ca«t made at Kan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July 31 :
Northern California — Fair Friday; warmer;
'r«^h northerly minds Inland: briek westerly
""lndi on the coaet.
South'-rn California — Fair Friday: ehowers In
the mountain* <; fr^sh *cutherly winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday; warmer.
fian Francisco ani vicinity — Fair Friday;
warmer; briek westerly winds.
ALEXANDER O. MeADIE.
1 District Forecaster.
CHICAGO. July 30. — There was a good gen
eral demand for wheat at the opening, due
to the advances in the foreign markets, and
Initial sales were at higher prices, September
being %©%c. higher at 79%@70%c. The
hfKher prices brought out heavy realizing
sales and the market turned weak early in
the day September declining to 78%c. Re
ports of frosts In the Northwest and good
buying by large commission houses brought
about a rally later In the session, the market
becoming strong, September advancing to 80%c.
Liquidation by local longs late In the day,
together with the easier tone In corn, caused
another setback, but the close was firm, with
September Vt@%o higher at 79%©79%c.
Further rainfall In the West, Including the
greater portion of Kansas, caused, an easier
tone In corn and there was considerable sell
ing throughout the entire day, but the strength
In wheat had a rallying effect and at times
the market showed some, firmness. Shorts
were good buyers on the declines and there
was also fair buying by commission honses.
The close was steady, with* September un
changed at 52%c.
¦ ' Oats ruled quiet, with prices firm In sym
pathy with the strength In wheat. Commis
sion houses were early sellers, but the demand
was sufficient to hold prices. The close was
firm with September %0V4c higher at 33%c.
Provisions opened weak, with considerable
selling pressure on lard. At the outset the
market appeared to have little support, but
later there was enough local buying to cause
a slight rally. The close was easi«r, Septem
ber pork being 5c lower at $13 90, with lard
off 10c at $7 97%. September ribs were up
5c. closing at $8 12%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
THURSDAY, July 30—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.f Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup.. — 111 % 4s q c (new).135%136i4
4s qr reg... Ill lll%I3s qr coup. .10S"4109
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala A W 5s. — — \, Do 6s — 113V4
Bay CPC 5s. — 105% Do con 5s. — 105
C C C G&ESs — 107% O W C g 5s. — 100
Cal G & E g Oceanic SC5s — 83
m and ct5s — 100 Ora C R 6b. — 128
Cal-st C 5s. — — Pac G Imp4s 06 —
C'C Wat Ss.100 — P S Ry 6s.. — 108
Ed L & PCs. 128 — P & C R 6s. — 105
F Cl R 6s..ll6% — P & O R 6s. — —
Geary-st R5s 40 60 Powell-st 6s.ll6% —
H C&S 6%s.lO2% — ' S E G&R5s. — 103%
H C & S 5s. 05 100 SF & SJV5s. — 120(4
Hon R T Hs. — 108 S R of C 6a.llO%112%
L E Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s .
L A Ry 6s. — 114H (1909) 108 —
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 108% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s.lO6 — (1905)Sr A.103%104%
LAP lem 5s.l03%104% (l»03)Sr B. — -103V;
Mkt-st C6s.H0 123- (1906) 107 107%
Do lem 5s.ll7% — (1912) — 113
N R of C es.105%107 S P C lcg5s.l20% —
N RC(ofC)5sll9% — Do stmpd. — 103%
N P C RR5s — 108% S P B R 6s. — 140
N C Ry 6s. — 114% S V Wat 6s.lO7 108
N C P 6s.. 100 — Do 4s 2dm. 99% —
N S R 5s.. — 100 Do 4s 3dm. 99%100U
O G L H 5s.H0 — Stkn G&E 6s 95 —
Oak T 6s.... — 122 U O & E 5s.lO5 107
WATER STOCKS. .
Contra Costa 57 60 I Port Costa.. 64 66%
Marin Co .. 60% — (Spring Val.. — 85
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 5 Pac E G & R. 39 —
Equit Gas... 4%— SFG&E..66 —
Mutual E L. 12% 13% S F Gas 3 3K
Pac G Imp.. 52 52Vj Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 65% 5«% U O & E 34% —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F O & E. 65% 6C%
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fnd.325 — •
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.125 — )Lon P & A.. 163 —
Anglo-Cal . . 93% — Merch Trust. — 260
Bank of Cal. — 560 Merch Ex... 53 75"
C S D & T.142%160 S F National — —
First Nation! —
SAVINGS BANKS, ijpi
Ger S & L.. — 2275 Sav & L So.. 92% —
HumSftL.. - - — Sec Sav Bk.40O 500
Mut S Bank. 05 — Union T Co. 2150 —
SFSavU...600 750 , . • - -
- STREET RAILROADS.
California' . . 198 . 205 [Presidio .... 33 45
Geary .".. — 60 J
POWDER. \ „
Giant .<68 ? 70 /Vlgorit ..... 4% 6%
. .: SUGAR.
Hana P Co. 2c 10c Kllauea S C. 5 8U
Hawaiian C. 45 -46»4 Makaweli ¦ S. 20 23 :
llanokaa S C. — 13 Onomea S C. 23% ¦>»%
Hutch S P C 13V4 — Faauhau S C 14 ¦ 13 .
MISCELLANEOUS, v- .
Alaska Pack.145%— I Oceanic S Co 7 —
Cal Fruit As. — 91 Pac A FA... 2% —
Cal Wine As. — 09 |Pao C Borax.160 —
100 Hawaiian Com'l"& Sugar, s 10.. 44 50
60 Paauhau S. P. Co..« 10 ..,15 00
. 50 Paauhau 8. P. Cc,. 15 00
* - Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Ass'n ..........146 50
30 Alaska Packers' Ass'n ...146 00
20 Giant Powder Con 68 60 ¦*
50 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar........ 44 50
30 S. V. Water ....81 87%
! 40 S. V. -Water .; .84 75-
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Open. ; High. Low. Close.
December . . .$1 0514 ' $1 06V4 $1 01% $1 04-*
OATS — Continue steady at' previous price's,
with small receipts and offerings.
White. $1 17%@1 25; Black. ' $1 10@l 20;
Red. $1 I2%@1 17% for common and $1 200
1 25 for choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN — The market continues to advance as
will be seen by tho quotations. There Is none
of any consequence offering.
California large Yellow, $1 60; small round
do, $1 75; White.'. $1 55@1 60; Egyptian, $1 43
@1 50 for White and $1 40@l 45 for Brown. '
RYE — Continues to advance and is now quot
ed at $1 17%@1 22%, H with', a sale at $122%
per ctl. Offerings of good stock are light.
BUCKWHEAT— $2@2 50 per ctl.
2 p. rn. ] Session.
Op«n. High. Low. Close.
December...?! 05»i f 1 06 . ?1 05tf $1 05W
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Feed, $1 07%@110: -new Shipping and
Brewing, $1 12%®1 17%: old Brewing nom
inal; Chevalier. $1 20@l 40 for fair to choice.
CASH BARLEY.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 48 $1 48% $1 47% $l 47%
• BARLEY — The market la very firm and con
tinues to advance all around. The chief cause
of the advance Is the steady development of a
European demand.. A sale of, 30.000 sacks of
standard Chevalier at Salinas at $1 25 there is
reported. Feed sold here yesterday at $1 10.
2 p. m. '.Session.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 49 $1 49U $1 48 $1 48
California Club, $1 42%@1 46%; California
White Australian. $1 60@l 62%; Northern
Club $1 42%01 45; Northern Blue Stem,
$1 50®l 52%; Oregon Valley, $1 "A
FUTURES
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were firm,
with Paris and Liverpool futures higher.
Chicago advanced ,1c with the crowd very
bullish, all operators long and the largest trad
ing for months. Frosts were reported in the
Northwest. The Chicago letter of Bolton. de
Ruyter & Co. eaid* "The market was again
active and closed a fraction higher than yes
terday. It sold up sharply during the early
part of the day, but eased off at the close on
profit taking. Liverpool shows a disposition to
follow advances here". Unfavorable weather In
the United Kingdom and France probably con
tributes. The export business was moderate,
but Minneapolis reports a' demand for Flour
from abroad. There has been no demand of
late. Some sections of the Northwest report
frost last night. The damage. If anything, is
still uncertain. Both Kansas City and St.
Louis report a good milling demand for wheat,
and prices from %c to lc higher. The Price
Current says there ¦ is a moderate disappoint
ment in yields of wheat The general consen
sus of reports from the' Northwest seems to
show reduced estimates . of the probable out
come. The market here was broad and active.
After several days' advance, a reaction may
be due, but we still feel that wheat should be
bought on the breaks. Primary movements are
small and we think will continue so. With
bare bins everywhere a good demand should
develop."
The feeling here Is firm, and futures are
again slightly higher. California is now the
highest market in the world, though the causes
are local, and not'consldered permanent. Hot.
dry weather some time ago cut down the yield
and the threshing returns are showing a short
age all along the line. Most farmers find that
they have more bags than they can fllL Flour
is headed this way and some has already ar
rived from the East. California U out of old
Wheat and the new crop as yet affords no-re
lief, hence the present strength.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Everything was dull In the morning and
prices showed no change worthy of note.
In the afternoon Spring Valley Water de
clined to $84 50. Giant Powder to $68 50 and
Alaska Packers' to $146. The latter stock has
been declining for several days.
The Jenpy Llnd Mining Company has levied
an assessment of l%c. delinquent August 21.
The National Electric Company has re
elected Us /old directors and recently declared
a dividend of 3 per cent for the half year.
The Gas Consumers' Association has re-elected
its old directors and. its financial statement
shows the disbursement of $60,000 In 10-cent
monthly dividends during the past year. •
Giant Powder has declared a dividend of
50c, payable August 10. The earnings for the
quarter ending June 30 are said to be about
$7000 in excess of the dividend.
At ' the adjourned special meeting of the
Spring Valley Water Works 102,000 shares
were represented, and the transfer by the
present company to the Spring Valley Water
Company of all Its property and business was
unanimously approved.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market Is
quiet but fairly steady; common. 4@5%c;
prime. 5%e6c; choice. 6">i@6%c; fancy. 6%@
7%c.
PRUNES — Spot prunes in Jobbing demand
are firmly held at prices ranging from 3®7c
for all grades.
APRICOTS — Continue generally steady to
firm though business has been reported In fair
elzed lots of extra choice at slight concessions
from the quoted range. Choice. 8@8%c; fancy,
1O PEACHES — Quiet; choice. 7@7%c and fancy.
8@10%c. .. . . M'lJ.
NEW YORK. July 30. — FLOUR — Receipts.
27,414 barrels; exports. S442 barrels. Influenced
by the grain strength, held firm all day. Min
nesota patents. $4 5C@4 75. ¦ ¦
WHEAT— Receipts. 48,575 bushels: exports,
51,675 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. S3c ele
vator and 83V4e f. o b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. 8OV4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Man
itoba. OC^c f. o. b. afloat. It was an Irreg
ular morning In wheat with prices easier and
firm by turns on local transactions, finally ad
vancing on crop news and good outside sup
port. In the afternoon further export reports
acted on fientiment and prices were higher,
finally yielding to realizing sales. The close
was unsettled and %@%c higher. May. 85"4@
8614c closed 85%c; July. 83%<g83%c. closed
83%c; September. 83%@84%c, closed 84%c;
December. t3 13-16©84%c. closed 84%c
HOPS — Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
HIDES— Quiet.
WOOL — Firm.
COFFEE — Spot, quiet. Futures opened quiet
at unchanged- prices under featureless foreign
news but closed at partial 5 points lower.
Sales' were $22,750 bags. Including: July. 3.80c;
September 3.70c; November. 3.00c; December,
4.15c; March 4.fe5c; May. 4.85c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet.
DRIED FRUITS/
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Exchange and Bullion.
Domestic Exchange Is lower again. Silver
Is a fraction higher.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4J84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 7%
New York; Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 54%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 42
CURRANTS — 10@50o per drawer.
APPLES — 65c(g$l 15 per box for choice and
fancy and 35® 60c for common: Crabapples, 25
@40c for small boxes and 60@75c for large.
PEARS — Bartletts, 90c@$l for wrapped ¦ large
open boxes, 75ci@$l for No. 1 and 25 'a 50c for
No. 2- to canners, $25@35 per ton for No. 1 and
$10©15 for No. 2; Dearborn Seedlings, 50@75c
for large open boxes.
FIGS — 65©85c per drawer; large boxes from
the rivier,
> PLUMS — 25@60c per box or crate; to can
ners, $15®20 per ton.
PRUNES — Tragedy. 50@60c per crate.
NECTARINES — lO@C5c per box or crate.
APRICOTS — 35@50c for small boxes and 60®
75c for large; to canners, $25@35 per ton.
PEACHES— 30©50c for small boxes and 50
@75c for large; to canners. $20^25 per ton;
baskets from the river. 25® 40c.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1@1 25 for small
crates from Bakersfleld, and $2@2 25 for
large crates from Winters and the river; Nut
meg Melons from the river. 60@9Oc per box;
Watermelons. $3@20 per hundred.
GRAPES — Fontainebleau, 50@65c per box
and -75©«Oc per crate: Rose of Peru, $1 per
crate; Seedless, $1 60@l 75 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 50®
2 50 per box; Seedlings, $1@1 25; Valencias.
$1 50$»3: St. Michaels, $2@3: Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 25@1 50; Lemons. 50c@$2 50: Grape
Fruit $1$?1 25; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Ba
nanas $1 60@2 50 per bunch for Central Amer
ican and 75c®$l 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$1 50@2 50 r«r dozen.
Yesterday was shipping day for Puget Sound
ports, and good sound Apples, Pears. Peaches
and Plums suitably packed for shipment were
In demand at steady prices. Choice Plunn
were somewhat scarce and occasional lots sold
above quotations. . The market was . heavily
stocked with poor Apples, particularly 5-tier
Gravenstelns. which were dull. Choice, well
packed, highly-colored Gravensteins In 4-tler
boxes were in demand both for local use and
shipping account and readily commanded the
maximum quotation. Wrapped Bartlett Pears
were In moderate receipt and-flrm. Bulk stock
continued to arrive freely, but liberal purchases
by canners held the market steady. Attractive
lots of Plums and Peaches In bulk were plcke.1
up readily by the canners, and Apricots in bulk
sold quickly at higher rates, , receipts beins
light. Peaches in baskets from the river were
in free supply and lower, owing to the liberal
supplies and low prices of box offerings.
Tragedy Prunes were suddenly scarce, and what
few came in sold quickly at steady rates. Figs
were plentiful, but steady. Nectarines and
Grapes were in free supply and easy. Melons
were in liberal supply, particularly Nutmegs
from the river. The demand was steady and
prices were maintained. Berries were in ample
supply and easy exc«pt for fancy Lonsrworth
Strawberries and Huckleberries. Loganberries
were too scarce to quote.
Citrus and Tropical fruits were dull and wlth
.out quotable chance.
k STRAWBERRIES— $5®8 per chest for Long
worths and $3@4 50 for the larger varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
LOGANBERRIES — Nominal -per chest.
BLACKBKKK1KP— $:'f*4 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10c per lb.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
FOR THURSDAY. JULY 30.
Flour, qr ska.. 11.6PS Straw, tons ..' ,.'15.
Wheat, ctls . . . 2.010 Wool, bales ... 1<Q
Barley, ctls ... .\035 Screenings, gks. 200
Oat» ctls 3,fiM Tallow ctls .. 20-1
Corn, ctls .... BOO Pelta. No 270
Rye. ctls ...V. 720 Hides, No. ... 4,199
Beans. sk» . .-.. 55 Leather.- rolls.. lf>8
Potatoes, sks. .. 2.070 Wine. gals .... 2S.45O
Onions sks ... 3-H Sugar ctls ... 200
Bran, sks 1,000 Chicory, bbls .. 45
Middlings, sks.. 950 Paper, reams... 28
Hay. tons .... 1.129 Lime bbls .... 772
WASHINGTON.
Bran, ska 2,000/Feed. ska 445
Receipts of Produce.
OREGON.
PORTLAND July 3O. — Wheat — Walla Wal
la. 75@7Cc; Bluestem. 77® 82c; Valley. 78@8Oc.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA,' July 30. — Wheat — Unchanged;
Bluestem. 82c; Club. 77c.
SEATTLE, July 30.— Clearings, $863,875;
balances. $237,600.
TACOMA. July 30. — Clearings, $239,783;
balances. $23,062.
PORTLAND, July 30.— Clearings, $385,656;
balances. $28,181.
SPOKANE. July 30.— Clearings, $314,546;
balances, $78,631.
; Northern Business.
A car of Eastern Cheese came In yesterday.
The market Is well supplied and quiet at un
changed quotations.
The supply of Eggs about balances the de
mand and quotations show no change. Trade
Is quiet. /
Receipts were 139,800 lbs Butter. SGI cases
Eggs and 56,600 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 24@25c: dairy, 22%0
24c; store Butter, 17® 20c: Eastern, nominal.
CHEESE — New, 12%@13c; Young America,
14%©15c; Eastern. 14%@15%c: Western. 14®
16c oer lb. .
EGGS— Ranch. 27@27%c for large white se
lected and 25Q20c for good to choice; store,
18&23c; Eastern, lS@21c per dozen.
The receipts of Butter yesterday Included
three cars of Eastern. Stocks are lartre and
the market is weak and dull, but prices show
no change.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
ST LOUIS July 30. — Wool, cflrm: medium
grades combing and clothing. 18@22c; light
fine 16@18c; heavy fine, 12@15c; tub-washed,
20<g20%c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
20 S. V. Water 84 50
Street — - . •
$5000 United Gas & Electric 5s 103 00
CALIFORNIA STOCK AND OIL EXCHANGE.
*.'-*¦'-"¦' Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co S5
Four Oil 70
Hanford Oil- 125 00 12J» ©O
Home Oil 2 80 2 85
Imperial Oil IS CO IS 23
Independence Oil 1« 17
Junction OH 22- 25
Kern Oil 5 0O
Lion Oil 05 08
Monte Cristo Oil JK> 85
Monarch Oil 53 M
Oil City Petroleum 2* 30
Peerless Oil 14 0O • 13 00
Reed Crude Oil 3S 41
San Joaquin Oil 5 75 ....
Sterling Oil 5 00 3 10
Thirty-Three Oil 8 23
Twenty-Eight Oil 4 OO
Union Oil 68 00
United Petroleum 118 00
West Shore Oil ¦ 5 05 5 30
M lacellaneous —
Abby Land and Improvement. .... 1 23
Alameda Sugar - 29 0O
American Biscuit »5 00 100 00
American DIst Tel ....
Bay Counties Power ....
Cal. Cen. Gas & Electric ...%„
Cal. Cotton Mills 83 00 ....
Cal. Jockey Club 105 00
Cal. Powder * ••-•
Cal. Shipping Co .25 00 30 00
Cal. Title Ins. and Trust 150 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland 63 00
Chutes Company 880
City and County Bank ....
Cypress Lawn Imp." Co 6 12% ....
Eastern Dynamite ....
Ewa Sugar Plantation
Gas Consumers' Ass'n .... 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 19 OO
London & S. F. Bank (Ltd.)
Mercantile Trust • .-¦
Northern Cal. Power .... 9 75
Nevada National Bank ....
North Shore Railroad 9 OO
Orpheum Company .... 15 50
Pacific States Tel & Tel 122 50
Parafflne Paint .33 00 ....
Postal Device & Imp ....
San Francisco Drydock 47 00 ....
Sausalito Land and Ferry ....
Sperry Flour Company
Standard Electric 18 CO
Truckee Electric 13 25 16 00
Union Sugar 22 60 ....
' United Gas and Electric .... MM ....
"Western Fish Co ....
Morning Session.
700 Caribou 80
200 Junction 23
Afternoon Session.
Board—
ICO Home 2 95
200 Monte Cristo 02%
30O Monte Cristo 9O
150 Peerless, s 5 14 00
100 S. F. & McKittrick 2 70
200 Chicago Crude 19
Informal
100 Oil City 29
Mining Stocks.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paclfld
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 43 200 Mexican ...1 12%'
300 Con C & Va.1 50 400 Ophtr 1 60
600 Con N T .. 25 300 Overman ... 2«
500 Con N Y .. 2« 200 Sierra Ne-r .. 55
500 Gould & Cur. 40 200 Union Con... 7S
500 Justice 1-* 300 Union Con... 81
300 Mexican ...1 07V. 200 Utah 33
200 Mexican 1 10 300 Yellow Jacket 67
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 42 200 Potosi 19
200 Belcher 41 200 Sierra Nev .. 54
150 Con C & Va.l 50 200 Sierra Nev .. 53
800 Con NY.. 23 200 SlWer Hill .. 78
500 Con NY . . 26 300 Union Con . . 81
200 Gould & Cur. 39 200 Union Con .. 80
200 Mexican ...1 12% 500 Utah 34
100 Ophir 1 57% 100 Yellow Jacket 67
300 Potosi 18 1C0 Yellow Jacket 63
500 Potosi 20
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopab Mining Exchange yester
day: -•
Morning Session.
10O MacNamara *. 23 f 100 Ton & Cal.. 33
50 Mont Ton ..100 100 Ton N Star. 51
100 N Y Ton 07 500 Ton N Star. -i9
1000 Rescue 15 2000 Esperanza .. .03
GOO Ton & Cal.. 37
Afternoon Session.
200 MacNamara . 23 2300 Ton N Star.. 4ft
100 Mont Ton...l 02% 200 Ton N Star.. 4<«
I 3000 Rescue . 14 100 Ton N Star.. 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. . .
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher ..... 4.1 2C0 Seg Belcher.. 1*
500 Con NY.... 25 200 Sierra Ner. .. 54
100 Mexican 105 300 Silver Hin... 7S
100 Occidental ... 38 100 Union Con... 77
200 Overman .... 25 400 Utah 33
100 Potosi 19
Afternoon Session.
800 Belcher - « f 500 Scorpion . ... 04
6500 Con Imperial. 04; 1W> Yel Jacket.... «*
300 Seg Belcher. . 131
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. July 30— 3:30 p. m.
Did.Ask.) Bld.Ask.
Ainha 04 ¦ OfllJustlce ...;;.- I3v;-is;
Xlta 00 07|K«ntuck 03 (tt
Andes *W 09 Lady Wash .. 07 08
Belcher . '40 • 41! Mexican .1 08 1,10
Best & Belch! 1 »3 —[Occidental ... 37 33
Bullion ...... 0.1 0*OpMr 1 55 1 60
Caledonia 1 35 1 40 Overman ..... 27 .29
Challenge ... 40 43 Potosi Id 20
Chollar ...... 18 H Savage ...... 15 .17
Con Cal A V.I 45 1 OoHcorplon — 05-
Con Imperial. 03 .01 Seg Belcher.., 13; IS
Con NY 21 23 Sierra. Nev... 54 5*
Confidence ...1 20 .. — 'Silver Hill... 77 -7&
Crown Point.. 19 . : 20 St Loala — IS
Eureka Con.. — • 45 Syndicate .... — Od
Exchequer ... — -•. Ot Union Con... 78 -7tf
Gould 6 Cur. .30*. 40 Utah S4 35
Hale & Norc. 4a 50 Yel Jacket.... 68 6O
-Julia 02 -04!
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Esperanza ... Ot 03 Rescua 13 15
Eula Con ... 21 — [Ton Bnlmont.l wi I 1)5
Gipsy Qneen.. 27 2S>Ton * Cal .. .• 37 —
Gold Mt Con. — Ofi! Ton & Ot W. — «T
Lucky Tom... — - l'^Tcn N Star.. 4S 4»
MacNamara . 1!> 2«>Ton Midway. — 30
Mont Ton ...1 00 1 03 f Ton A Salt L. 48 —
N.Y Ton'...*. 06 07j United Ton... — 1H
Paymaster .. — 25: Utopia — 53
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Etock — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison <W.2OO Gl 01% 62»,i
Atchlson Dfd 2,100 SS»i 88 SS%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 6,500 83% 82% 82%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 1,400 S«V4 85% 85%
Canadian Pacific... 1.000 123 122& 122%
Cent of New Jersey 15*
Ches & Ohio 1.100 33 Z2V* 32Vi
Chicago & Alton... 400 22% 21% 21 •»
Chgo & Alton pfd.. 200 65 *X% C4»4
Chgo & Great West 1,700 15% 15 15» 8
C & G W, B pfd 32
Chgo & Northwest. 10O ICC 160 ¦ 16«
Chgo Term & Trn.. 200 11 10% 10%
Chgo T & T pfd... 300 201,4 19 18%
C. C, C & St Louis. l.KOO 73% 71 71%
Colo Southern 1.200 14>4 13% 13^
Colo So 1st pfd 400 52^ 62 51%
Colo 60 2d pfd 500 22fc 22 22
Del & Hudson 165
Del. Lack & W , 240
Denver & Rio Gr 22"S,
Den & H G pfd.... 4O0 78% 78 77%
Erie 11.300 23% 28% 23y 4
Erie 1st pfd 7.400 6DV4 C8^ 69
Erie 2d pfd 300 49% 49% 49%
Great Nor pfd 170
Hocking Valley 74
Hocking Val pfd... 300 84% 80 81
Illinois Central ... 2.700 132H 131% 132%
Iowa Central 300 18 17% 18
Iowa Central pfd... 100 34 34. 34
Kans City 80 21%
Kans City So pfd.. 5<iO 39 • 37% 38
Loulsvl & Nashvl.. 2,300 105 103% 104
Manhattan Elev.... 1,500 133 132% 132%
Metropoltn Et Ry.. 2.200 119% 117% 117%
Missouri Pacific.... 15,100 98% 97% 98
Mo, Kans & Texas 19%
Mo, Kans & T pfd. 1.200 41 39% 39%
Nat R R Mex pfd. 100 38 38 38
New York Central.. 12.800 121% 119% 121%
Norfolk & Western. 800 63% 62% 62%
Norfolk & West pfd M
Ontario & Western. 2.500 2.1^ 23 23
Pennsylvania 200 124% 123 12-SV4
P. C. C. & St L. .. 1,400 62 60 62%
Reading 200 60 49% 49V 4
Reading 1st pfd.... 100 81% 81% 80%
Reading id pfd C5
Rock Island Co 33,»00 25>4 23% 24
Rork Island pfd... 700 04 63 C3%
St Lout* & S F 66%
Ft L & S FJst pfd 75
Kt L & B FW pfd 1.100 61U 6O«6 49%
Rt Louis Sowestn ¦ 14
Pt L Sowestn pfd.. 200 31 ' 31 30%
St Paul 18.700 142%". 140% 14lfc
Pt Paul pfd 300 172% 172% 172
Southern Pacific... 25.000 44% 43% 44
Southern Railway.. 2.300 21% 20'i 20%
So Railway pfd.... COO 85 -84 84%
Texan & Paclttc 5.500 26% 25 2«
Tol St L & West 1I>
T, Pt L i W pfd.. 200 30 29>/i 2SV;
Union Pacific 27.700 7« 74% 74%
Union Pacific pfd.. 000 Ki% R5 85%
Wahanh 100 21% 21% 21%
Wabash ;>fd L7«0 37% 36% 37
Wheel & L Erie... 100 15% 15% 15
Wisconsin Central.. fa*) 17% 17V<i 17%
WlKeontln Cen pfd. 600 38 37% 37%
Express Companies — I
Adams 200 221 221 221
American 180
United States .... 00
We!ls-F«rgo .... 1S5
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper .. 24.COO 42U 40 40%
Am Car & Foundry 2O0 3.1% 33 33%
Am Car A F pfd... 100 85 ««5 84
Am LlnseM Oil BOO 10 0% 8%
Am Lin Oil pfd 29%
Am Locomotive ... 1,600 18% 18 1814
Am Locomotive pfd 300 84 83% - 83%
Am Smelt & Ref.. 2.300 42% 42»4 42%
Am Smelt & R Pfd. 300 90- 89% 89
Am Sugar Refining 2.000 115% 1)4% 115 .
Anaconda Min Co 71%
Brooklyn Rap Trn. «.«00 45% 44% 45
Colo Fuel & Iron... LOOO 40 41 44%
Columbus & H Coal 800, 14% 14 14%
Consolidated* Gas.. --^ ••••' 182 /
General Electric... »W 161% 100% 100
Internal Paper 500 10% IC'% 10%
internet Paper pfd 62
Internat Pump .35
Internal Pump pfd ...'. .... . <0
National Biscuit.... 300 3754 36% 36%
National Lead ••• 13%
North American... 3,400 74% 72% 74*
NEW YOnK. July SO. — Yesterday's check to
the recovery lr. prices was supplemented to-day
by a reaction. There was no acute weakness,
except for the eccentric plunges among the in
active specialties, but the demand dimli>lshed
to nominal proportion*. Commission houses
which reported yesterday an awaiting inquiry
for dicks found to-day that the slight reac
tion in prices had almost entirely discouraged
this buying and in some cases had induced
buyers to get out of the market again hur
riedly A constant drip of small selling un
dermined the market and caused prices to
crumble. The early celling centered on Atchl
son, following up the late movement of yes
terday. The general list resisted for a tin.e
until some of the specialties began to make
violent declines. Tho weakness then became
quite ireneral. Several of the profeesid reasons
for yesterday's selling of Atchlson were cleared
to-day with strengthening the stock In the
market. Official denials were made of rumors
of a coming bond issue and of an alleged un
successful attempt to negotiate a temporary
loan by the company.
The report* of rains in the Southwest with
expected benefit to the coj-a crop disposed of
another ground of weakness. .The selling was
partly by professional bears, but the sus
picion remained that long stock waB coming
upon the market and made an unfavorable im
pression upon speculative sentiment in the
wheat market. An unfavorable showing of
June net earnings by reason of floorf damage
and a boar raid to dislodge a pool holding of
stock were hinted at. A feature of the eitua
tlon i* the revival of various reports, running
from the plausible to the highly^ trf/probable
of new combinations and absorptions of rail
road systems. The policy of combination of
available railroad systems doubtless has favor
In the 'railroad world and the liquidation which
ha* been forced In «ome shares has offered at
tractive opportunities for absorption. In strong
contrast to the extravagant valuations at
which the mergers of the boom period were
consummated.
Some resumption of the speculative excite
ment in cotton was against the stock market
and the large speculation developing in the
grain markets is looked upon with a degree of
apprehension owing to the general financial
situation. Corn showed strength to-day In
epite of the favorable crop news and there
was tome fear that the spring wheat crop was
suffering further deterioration.
The money market showed growing ease for
time loans, but the movement of prices of
specialties on the Stock Exchange indicated
that there was some selling out of collateral
In loans. Stocks recovered a large part of
their declines late In the day when the liqui
dation in Atchison had spent Its force, and
the closing was apathetic and not far from
last night's level.
In the bond market Chicago Terminal trans
fer 4a were offered down 6% Just before the
close. Toledo, St. Louis and Western 4s fell 3.
The bond market was quite broad and ehowed
a good Inquiry, although some of the Inactive
Investment issues were marketable at con
siderable concessions from last /prices. Total
sales, par value, $2,410,000. United States as
declined 1 and the old 4s 1% per cent on the
last call.
Nezv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO. July 30. — CATTLE: — Receipts.
9000, including 200 Texans;. market slow; good
to prime steers. $5@5 60; poor to medium.
$3 itO@5; stockers and feeders, $2 50@4 25:
cows, $1 25@4 40: heifers, $2©5 scanners, SI 25
?2 60; bulls, $2JM 25; . calves, $2 50(g0 25;
exas fed steers, $3 25@4 40.
HOGS — Receipts to-day,. 26,000; to-morrow.
15,000; left over, 6000: slow and steady; mixed
and butchers'. $5 15@5 60; good to choice
heavy, $5 40©5 55; rough heavy, $4 S0i§5 30;
light, $5 35@5 76; bulk of sales, .$5 25@5 60.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1500: sheep steady: lambs
lower; good to choice wethers, $3 75@3 85;
fair to choice mixed. $2 75@3 50; Western
sheep. $3@3 05; native lambs, $3 25S6; West
ern lambs, $5@6.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
The first car of Western Poultry for the cur
rent; week was one sale and sold, off well at
good prices. Keceipts of domestic stock, were
liberal and . the . marjtet generally had an easy
tone, although prices were no lower. Domes
tic Hens were dull, supplies of Western being
chiefly of that description. Another car of
Western is scheduled for to-day's market.
' Game was In moderate receipt and cleaned
up quickly at steady prices. /
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 SSigl 50;
Ducks, $3 S0@4 per dozen for old and $4@4 50
for young; Hens, $4 50iS5; young Roosters. $t><a
8: old Roosters. $4 6005; Fryers, $45? -I 50;
Broilers, 4383 50 for large and $2 50@3 for
email; Piceons, $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 50 for Squabs. ! •
GAME— Rabbits, $1 25@1 75 per "dozen;
Hare, $1 25@1 50; Wild Doves. 75c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
SUGAR — The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb In 100-tb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.73c;
Powdered. 5.60c; Candy Granulated, 5.6Oc: Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.50c; Dry Granulated, coarse
5.50c: Fruit Granulated. 5.50c: Beet Granulat
ed (100-lb bags only). 5.4Oc: Confectioners' A.
5.50c; Magnolia A. 5.10c: Extra C, 5c: Golden
C. 4.00c: "D." 4.80c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 20c more; boxes. 50c more: 5O-lb bags,
10c more for nil kind*. Tablets — Half-barrels
Gc; boxes, 6.25c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 60
6%c per lb; White Lead. 6@6%c, according to
quantity. . . ¦¦"•• ¦
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil in cases. 20%c; Astral, 20%c;
Star. 20%c: Extra Star. 24Hc; Elaine, 26%c:
Eocene. 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 17c: in cases. 23Hc: Benxlne. In bulk.
13c: In cases, 19'/6c: 86-degree Gasoline. In
bulk.. 21c: in cases. 27%c
TURPENTINE — 73c per gallon In cases and
67c in drums and Iron barrels.
OIL — Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels; cases, 5c more: Castor Oil. in cases.
No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA. $1.10(91 12; Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 00c; cases. 85c:
China Nut. 57H@ti2c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, • in barrels, 75c; cases. 80c; Sperm, pure.
70c: Whale Oil. natural white. 5O@55c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. in barrels. 45c; cases.. 50c: Co
coanut Oil in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50: Roslyn.
$7; Coos Bay. »5 50; Greta. *7; Wallsend. $7 30:
Richmond. $7 SO; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
J14 25 In sacks: Welch Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton:
Coke. $11 50013 per ton In bulk and $15 In
sacks; Rocky Mcuntaln descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 ]b* and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 4.75@5c; San Quentln.
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32HJ35c; Fleece Twine. 7%©
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6Hc. 6%c and 7&c for
the three grades.
General Merchandise.
July closed at 13.40 cents, a. net advance of
4 points, while August was net 17 points
lower. The new croo closed near the bottom
and net 1 point higher to 6 points lower. The
general tone at the close was steady.
NEW YORK. July 30.— The cotton market
opened easy at an advance of 20 points on
July and August while the new crop wu 1
point higher to 5 points lower, and during the
entire session ruled irregular, showing con
siderable excitement at times.
\ Nezu York Cotton Market.
th» last few months, which later on may re
f.ef-t itself in chimtes of control. Very lm-
I-irtant railroad deals were contemplated by
big men not long a*o, and such declines as
these give them opportunities which they are
rot apt to lose. This may be a factor of im
portance later on.
r,ri. ; *s. What with foreign purchases of our
•ecnrftfea and hs«h rates of Interest h*re. there
;r no further inducement for gold exports; in
•«!«. if rre*ent conditions continue, we shall
t en b*fin importations cf gold, which would
add to the relief here. No concern ne«d be felt
i! ut rayrcifr.t for the Panama Canal, as when
Sot that *um will probably b« taken not from
• v e banks but from the vaults of the United
btates treasury, where it is now uselessly
locked up.
Thf.«« conflicting renditions create a good
trading market. TSie c.tuatlon seems to be
under strong control, and there is a liberal
short interest ready to cover on every Impor
tant decline. It Is quite evident there has
Wn important shifting of ownership during
rope already recognizes that many of our good
»ti>-ks «re Mlitm" below intrinsic value., and
that r»e«rd!ess of further declines they will
. \.ntua)Ir jrteid handsome jvof.ts on -.present
ticin h«fc *'\ -i taken consumption. This has not
y«t h*n !ut the enormous additions to
our ]¦:>.. ' apaciiy are already having an
effect U^ u:a quickly be more pronounced
In cant <-i iu eker.ing demand. A shading of
price* and MlM lor export would give prompt
relief yet this would make an lr.rcad upon
jjrofus of the industrials, especially in view
of the Increase in wages recently granted to
nwet the demands of labor. It mutt be ad
mitted, therefore, that the business outlook U
less promising than a year ago, though good
crop* will undoubtedly save us from any im
portant reaction, and might insure us another
gor«i fall trade.
The monetary situation is certainly improv
ing: more than indicated by either the weekly
bank statement cr by the current high rates
tor money. Liquidation, tuch as lately expe
tl»n«-i. hft? certainly put the banks in much
bttter control of their funds, besides enabling
them to loan under more satisfactory condi
tfans. Good rater for time money promise to
prevail, and there will be plenty of funds for
If-Kitiniate use*, but little for speculation
:: jr.s-ound properties. Crop demands will soon
atvrrt themaelves; etill the indications are
that there will be less suffering from strln
p.ney this fail than a year ago. Our credit
thread is exceliect. ar.d we shall have little
trouble in borrowing there, if necessary. Eu-
CURRENT CONDITIONS. WITH A GLANCE
INTO THE POSSIBLE FUTURE.
A New York financl an
¦t - - ¦ ;¦ says:
"While it remslns to be proved that the
cvenicltg of the last lew year* has been suf
ficiently <51*countel. cr that the higher rates
for money have exerted their full effect it is
important not to overlook corrective tercet
which are actively at work and the effect cf a
mxvi harvest. *uch as is now within reasonable
*-xj>ect*Uon Wh<-at, corn, cotton and all im
portant crop* have mad*- good progress aunac
thertft month. }V5siir.ism is chiefly confined
to wall <are*t. while all through the Vi ett
the Northwest, the Southwest and the Soutn
th*re is every evidence cf business activity ana
rn^p-ess. The railroads In these sections are
taxed to their fullest capacity in t pne of re
c»nt large additions to trquipment. and officials
j=how more or less fear of a car shortage when
th* crop-moving season begins. If there is a
ncte of heetttatlen anywhere outside of New
York and New England, it has its source in
th» excesses of which Wall etr«*t has been the
center.
A* for the ultimate effect of this reaction
upon general business, rretl'.ctions are use
lees. Buyers we growing more and more con
servative, likewise those who tcJte the initia
tive in business and industry- Should new
enterprise* receive a check we may approach
for the fir*t time a condition where produc-
Trade. Stocks and Money.
Hollister — Foggy mornings; Bartlett pears ri
pealng; heavy crop; good quality.
Ktver*:d» — Sh-rt two crops alfalfa on ac
ccunt of cool weather and army worm.
t Willows — Summer fallow wheat full crop.
Colusa — All fruits doing nicely.
Santa Maria — Grain threshing continues fa
vorable; beans and beets doing well; apricots
lipht.
Liverrnore — Grain yield very favorable.
Stockton — Recent warm weather ripening
pe aches rapidly.
Santa Rosa — Conditions favorable. ''-¦»
Hanford — Wheat and barley better than ex
pected; fruit excellent.
Palermo — Bartlett ptars being shipped and
sent to cannery.
A. O. MeADIE. Section Director.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CVTTLE — Steers. 8©9c: Cow» and Heifers,
7@8c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4#5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewes. 3%03%e per *b
(grots weight).
LAMBS— Spring. $2 7503 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6^6«%c;
under 140 lbs. 5%@6c; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars. 50 per cent off, and "Stags, 40 per cent
off 'from above quotations.
Previous prices rul« for all descriptions, with
conditions unchanged.
- DRESgED JfcIEATS>
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
'BEEF — 6@T^4c for Steers and 8G6e per 1b for
VEAL— Large. 7©8c: small, 9<£9%e per lb.
MUTTON— "Wethers, 8©9c; Ewes, 8©8tfc per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, lQOlOVJc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hojrs. flH«OHc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
POTATOKS— New White. 85c@$l 35 per ctl
In sacks and $1 25@1 6fi In boxes, with some
fancy higher: Early Rose, 75c®$l; Garnet
Chiles. ?1@1 15.
ONIONS — 55i370c per ctL ¦¦¦'¦¦-- :¦'¦'¦
VEGETABLES—Green Corn. $1 50@l 75 per
sack; crates from Alameda. $1 7£@2 25; from
Berkeley. $1 50: Asparagus, $1 25@2 50 per
box; Green Peas 3Q)4<' jer lb; String Bsans. .
2(g3c per lb; Wax, 3&o~; Lima Beans. 6c per
lb ;. Tomatoes.- 254(50c for large boxes from the
river; Summer Squash, i >@40e per box; Cab
bage, 75t@$i per ctl; Carrots. 75c@$l per sack;
Cucumbers. 35i}i50c per box; Garlic. 2%@3c per
lb; Green Peppers, 30tt50c per box for Chile and
75c«m for Bell; Green Okra, 6O@75c per box;
Egg Plant. 75c<&$1 per box.
The Potato market had an easier tone, as all
orders for shipment north were filled and there
was no new business- reported in the shipping
line. Prices, however, -were unchanged, re
ceipts being somewhat light. Onions were in
free supply and fairly steady at previous prices.
The vegetable market was still badly con
gested with river Tomatoes and prices declined
a^ain. The top quotation was obtained only for
special lots in the early morning hours, the top
price for the general run being 40c. Small
boxes were practically unsalable and were of
fered as low as 10c per box. / Cucumbers, Sum
mer Squash, Egg Plant and Green Peppera
were abundant and weak. Green Com was
steady and choice String and Lima Beans con
tinued to sell well. Asparagus and Peas were
In very light receipt and prices were largely
nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
NEW YORK, July 30.— Tin advanced £1 for
spot in London, closing at £128 5s, while
futures were 7s 6d higher at £125 2s 6d. Lo
rallv. tin was also strong and higher, closing
at $28 75@29 25.
Copper declined 7s 6d to £56 17s 6d for spot
and 2s 6d to £55 7s 6d for futures. Locally,
copper was dull and more or less nominal. Lake
and electrolytic . $13@13 25: casting, $12 75@13.
Lead was Is Cd. lower In London at £10 18s
9d, while locally it was a shade higher, closing
at $4 30 for spot, though the August delivery
Is quoted at $4 12%.
Spelter was 2s 6d lower In the London mar
ket, closing at £20, but remained unchanged
locally at $5 87%.
Iron closed at 52s 3d In Glasgow and at 46s
10%d in Mlddlesboro. Locally. Iron prlcea
were lower. No. 1 foundry. Northern. $17 50@
18: No. 2 foundry. Northern, $16 50@17; No. 1
foundry. Southern, and No. 1 do, soft, at $16 75
©17. Warrants are nominal.
New York Metal Market.
Money — 2%@3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 7-16 per cent and for three
months' bills 2% per cent.
Miscellaneous — Quincy 85
Amer Sugar 115 Santa Fe Copper. 1
Do pfd 118%,Tamarack SO
Amer Tel & Tel. .131%!Trtmountain SO
Uom Iron & Steel. 12%-Trinity 5Vi
Gen Electric 159 j United States .... 17%^
Mass Electric ... 2» (Utah 24%
Do pfd 7S iVIctoria 4
United Fruit ....100 iWinona 7Vi
U S Steel 23%| Wolverine C2%
Do pfd 72%'
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money... 91% Mo, Kans & v Tex. 20%
Cons for acct... »l%!Nor & Western.. 64%
Anaconda 3%\ Do pfd 89
Atchison (UVOnt & West 23%
Do pfd 91% I Pennsylvania 63%
Bal & Ohio s5>*iRand Mines 9%
Can Pacific 126% Reading 25%
Ches & Ohio 34 Do 1st pfd 41%
Chi Great West.. 16 Do 2d pfd 34
Chi. Mil & St P.145T; So Railway 21%
Do Beers 19%! Do pfd 88
Den & Rio G 24 So Pacific 45%
Do pfd ..: 81 Union Pacific 77%
Erie 30t; Do pfd- 89
Do 1st pfd 63% U S Steel 25»i
Do2dpfd MVi Do pfd 74T»
111 Central l:«% Wabash 22
Louis & Nash... .10S Do pfd 38
Bar silver — Steady, 2">',i<i per ounce.
Do prd 87% Copper Range ... 42%
Boston & Albany. 21'! JDom Coal 914
Boston A Maine.172 Franklin 8
Boston Elev 139 Isle Royale 6%
N Y. N H 4 H...190 Mohawk 36%
Fltchburg pfd ...133 old Dominion ... 10%
Union Pacific 74% Osceola 50
Mex Central 13%: Parrot 184
Bonds — Amal Copper .... 41Vi
Atchlson 4s 97 Daly West ....... 38%
Mex Central 4s.... 72 Bingham 22%
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.430
Atchlson ..: (52% Centennial 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — I Westing: Com ... 85
Call loans 31f4 Mining —
Time loans 5®8 Adventure 5
Adams Con 09 Little Chief 06
Alice IS Ontario.... 6 00
Breece 15 Ophir... 145
Brunswick Con.. C5 Phoenix 08
Ccmstock Tunnel 06%t Potosi 19
Con Cal & Va...l 35 Savage . 12
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada... 48
Iron Silver 1 50 iBmall Hopes 20
Leadville Con.... 05 'Standard 2 00
Total sales . . .401,600
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, July 30.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions were $4000 at
S7(5 50, $12,000 at $76 25 and $5000 at $76.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg... 106ft' Do 1st inc 17
Do coupon 106%lMinn & St L 4s.. 08%
Do 3s, reg.. i... 106% M. K & T is 06«4
Do coupon 10"Vi Do 2ds 80
no new 4s, re*. 134V* N T Cen Ben 3%s. 05%
Do coupon 13o"6 N J Cen gen 6s.. 127 H
Do old 4s, reg..lO9"£ Northern Pac 4s.. 100
Do coupon 100% Do 3s "1%
Do Ps. reg 101% N & W con 4s.. 97 U
Do coupon 103 Reading gen 4s. .. 94%
Atehison gen 4s.. ODV-'StL AIM con 5s. Ill
Do adj 4s K8 St L & S F 4«... 90%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 100% St L S W lsts.. 91%
Do 3%s 92 St L SW 2ds 69
Do conv 4s 100 S A & A P 4s 76
Canada South 2ds. 105 Southern Pac 4s.. 85%
Central of Ga 6s.. 10:$?; Southern Ry 3s... 112%
Do 1st inc 70 Texas & Pac lsts. 114%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.I02Vi T. St L & W 4s.. 71
Chi & Alton 3%s. 70 Union Pacific 4s.. 30%
C, B & Q new 4s. S» Do conv 4s 03%
C. M&St P gen 4s.NXi% Wabash lsts 115
C & N W con 7g. .130V, Do 2ds 100%
C. R I & P 4s.... 100% Do deb B 60%
fCC & StL gen 4s. !)0 West Shore 4s 107
Chicago Term 4s.. 71% W & L E 4s...... »8
Colo & South 4s.. 84 Wiseonsln'Cen 4s. 86V4
Denver & Rio G 4s 93 Con Tob 57Vi
Erie prior lien 4s. 96 ' C F & I conv 5s. 82
Do gen 48 8:1 US Steel 80
Ft W & D C lsts. 103% Rock Island 1&%
Hocking Val 4%s.lW% Penna cen 3%s... 05%
L& N uni 4s 98% Manhattan 100%
Mexican. Cen 4s.. 72
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
A new banking-house will open its doors
to-morrow in this city, the International
Bank and Trust Company of America.
George A. Hill ia the manager and Irving
Lundborg the cashier. The Institution is
at 412 Montgomery street. -There are
branches in San Francisco, Seattle, Wil
mington. Del.; Providence, R. I.; Mexico
City, Guadalajara. Agruaa Callentes, San
Luis Potosi, Tampico, Puebla. Pachuca
and Monterey. Mexico. The New York
agency Is at 64 Wall street. William H.
Hunt is the president. Charles Francia
Phillips and J. H. Maugham are vice
presidents. J. O. Rice Is th© treasurer and
Walter R. Morris the secretary.
While the new institution will transact
a general banking: and trust business, in
cluding the receiving of savings deposits,
the motive back of the establishment of
a branch In this city, as explained by
Manager Hill, Is the encouragement of
business relations between the United
States and the Spanish-American coun
tries, Mexico and the states of Central
and South America. It has been the- fact
for years that the business of South and
Central America has been transacted al
most exclusively by the English and Ger
mans. Recently the Americans have be
gun to get into the field. With the rapid
growth of trade has come a demand for
better banking facilities in connection
with the Spanish-American countries. The
great volume of Spanish-American trad*
to and from the countries to the south of
the United States will pass through New-
York. San Francisco and Seattle, and this
consideration has led to the placing of
two Pacific Coast branches, respectively
at. San Francisco and Seattle. The au
thorized capital of the banking company
is $10,000,000. ; ¦;•-
Concern -With Large Capital
Prepares to. Open
Its Doors.
Local scatritics dull, with some stocks lower.
Walt street stocks rather weak on the day.
Silver a fraction higher. Domestic Exchange lower.
California the highest Wheat market in the world.
Barley rising, with a European demand developing.
Corn continues to advance under extreme scarcity.
Rye still higher. Oats steady, zcith light offerings.
Corn products higher. Other Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull at previous prices.
Butter dull and weak, with three cars of Eastern in.
Cheese in ample supply and easy. Eggs steady.
Provisions rather quieter at Chicago.
No further change in live or dressed Meats.
Potatoes and Vegetables weak. Onions steady.
Poultry in liberal supply and quiet.
Fair shipping demand for fresh Fruits.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — • July. Sept. ¦ Dec.
Opening 6 4 6 3%
Closing «4Vi 6 4
PARIS.
Wheat— July- Nov.-Feb.
Opening .' 25 80 22 60
Closing .26 10 22 55
Flour— •
Opening • 82 00 30 30
Closing 31 90 :. 29 S5
•^ ¦ ; Foreign Futures.
The market continues inactive and feature
less. . '
BEANS— Bayos. $3 60©3 70; Pea. $3 25®
3 50; Butters. $3 25; small White. $3 15@3 80;
large White. $2 90@3 15: Pink. $2 90@3;
Red. $2 90@3; Lima. $3 45*33 60; Red Kidneys,
nominal: Blackeye $2 50@3 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 2501-35.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 00#2; Canary, 5%c
for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%@
2%c; Timothy. 6@6%c; Hemp 3%@3%c per lb;
Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $18320 per
DRIED PEAS— Green. $2®2 25 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
The Spanish American
States Are Engaging
New Enterprise.
Pacific Mall 200 20% 20% 20%
People'g Gas 100 04% 93% 03%,
Pressed Steel Car.. 200 44% 4*% 44
Pressed S Car pfd 80%
Pullman Pal Car.. 700 211 208 210
Republic Steel 2.000 12% 12 1294
Republic Steel pfd. 200 6« r,5% ' e."^
Rubber Goods 2.700 14% 1"% 1*
Rubber Goods pfd.. 1.200 67 V4 «**• 66 ,
Tenn Coal &. Iron.. 2.400 40% SS% 39%
U S Leather 2,500 7% IVi ?Mi
US Leather pfd... 900 80% 70% 79%
U S Rubber 600.-10% 10V4 10
U 8 Rubber pfd,... 300 35% 35% 35
U S Steel 23.900 24% 23% 23%
U'S Steel pfd 11.300 73 71% 72%
Western Union ... 300 84 S3% 83%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creams, 14©18%c; dairies,
12%<S17c. Eggs, easy, ll@12c. Cheese, ; steady.
10H<§U%c 2 -.
TO HELP TRADE
IS BANK'S AIM
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c; medium. 9%c; light. 8%c; Cow
Hides. 8%c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags.
7c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9%c: Salted
Calf, lot; dry Hides. 16%c; dry Kip. 13c: dry
Calf. 18c; Sheepskins. shearllng3. 23©30c each;
short wool. 40®50c each; medium. 70@90c; long
wool, ,J1@1 SO each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 75
for large and $2 2532 SO for medium, $2 for
small arid 80c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for Urge and $1 60 for medium. $1@1 23
for small and SOe for Colts. Buck aklna — Dry
Mexican. 32%e; dry salted Mexican. 26c; dry
Central American. 33c. Goat akins — Prime An
goras. 73c: large and smooth, 30c; medium. 35c:
small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%®5%e per lb;
No. 2. 4@4%c; grease. 2HQ3%c
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin Lambs'. 0<9
lie. Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 18@20c; Foothill, de
fective, ll@13c; Nevada. 12® 15c; San Joaqutn.
defective. 0<®llc per lb; Southern, 9@llc; Val
ley Oregon, fine, 18ftl9c: do. medium. 16&17c;
do, coarse, 15®lGc; Lambs'. 15c pir In.
HOPS — 17%@20c to growers and 214222c from
dealers to brewers. Crop of 1903. 16%c bid for
the best.
There Is nothing new to report under this
head. " ¦¦¦--¦¦¦;„¦
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
SHORTS— S24I825 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@26 50;
Jobbing:, $27@27 60: . Cocoanut Cake. J20@21:
Corn Meal. $33(334: ' Cracked Corn. $33 50@
"34 E0; Mixed Feed, $23@24; Horse Beans, $30
HAY— Wheat. $12®14; Wheat and Oat, $11®
13; Oat. $10@12 60; Barley, *8 50@ll; Clover,
$9gl0; Stock. $8©9; Alfalfa. $8@10 per ton.
STRAW— 35@60c per bale.
with the raw grain. The other Feedstuffs are
also firm. Hay shows no change, being steady.
--BRAN— $24 50(525 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27@30 per ton. . " r
ha.lt barrels.' 8%c: one tierce. »Xc; two tlercts.'
8 "4 c; five" tierces, 9%c per lb.
THE {--AN FBAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1903.
$3 40: mess pork, per bbl. $13 70@13 75; lard.
per 100 lbs, $7 70@7 75; short ribs sides (loose),
$7 '75<B'7 90; dry salted , shoulders (boxed). $7 50
©7 62 hk ; short y clear sides (boxed), ¦ $8 25©
S 37%; whisky, basis of high wines, $130;
clover, contract grade. $12@12 50.,
Articles— ! Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels WiSSi 15.700.
Wheat, bushels "• 52,000 20,000
Corn, bushels • 1 2M£2 :{ *' 00 ° '¦
Oats, bushels .......306.000 9*3,400
Rye. bush«ls 2,900 -
Barley, bushels 7.700 ......
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Corn products are very ¦ firm, • to sympathy
Hay and Feedstuff s.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11THE SAN IK AS CISCO CALL, 1 KIDAY, JULY 31; 1903.
12
HELP WA!»TEP— 3IALE— Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 SACRAMENTO ST.
Phone Main.... Corner Leidesdorff.
We ship to-morrow (Saturday) morning at
9 a. m. on the O. R. & N. Co.'s steamer Co-
lumbia to Astoria Oregon on the '
COLUMBIA RIVER. " ASTORIA.
ASTORIA OREGON.
Fare $3. including meals and berth.
FEE $1. FEE $1. " FEE $1.
25 laborers. $2 25 day
25 rockmen. $2 50 day.
No Discount. No " Strike. Company Work.'
Board Only $16 Month.
Call and see us to-day and go to Astoria.
FREE FARE TO WILLITS. FEE $1.
10 laborers and teamsters. $2 25 day.
LABORERS.
10 laborers, factory, near city, board home.
$2 20 day: 10 laborers, near city. $2 day,
board home; 3 laborers, city, $2 day; 2 labor-
' ers $2 day.-
BOSS HERE TO-DAY'. FEE $1.
12 laborers near city, big company, steady
Job year round, $2 day; 8 miners, north. $75;
2 tunnelmen. $4 day; 12 muckers, tunnel.'
free fare, $60; 6 tunnelmen, same place. $75;
! 20 laborers, muckers, mines. $60 to $75; 3
rough carpenters, cear city. $3 day. long job.
boss here
BUTTE COUNTY— CHICO— FEE $1.
50 teamsters, laborers and rockmen. $2 25
to $2 50 day; fee $1. Ship to-night.
S. P R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
FREE FARE— FEE— We ship on all trains
at all times on section and extra gangs.
LUMBER WORK.
10 men, Tuolumne County. $1 50 fare. $2
day; 10 laborers. Eureka, half fare. $40 and
found; 10 laborers. Humboldt County. $35
and found.
HUNDREDS OF OTHER JOBS.
Call and get a list -of Jobs, also read our
. bulletin boards. Work for everybody at
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st.
BARBERS, take notlce^ — On and after Monday.
August 3, our new \ wage scale goes into ef-
fect; also all barber shops open at 8 o'clock
In the morning. Indorsed by the San Fran-
cisco Labor Council. JOS. R. BLEILY. Sec-
retary Local No. 143, J. B. I. U. of A.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 pair; foot-form
shoes at $2 60; we pay express charges. 11
Third St.. Examiner bid. ; catalogue sent free.
PRESSER and under presser wanted on pants.
226 Seventh st
PAYING 2-chair barber shop: downtown. Ask
for H. BAUM. 1057 Market st.
WAITER wanted. 1507 Market St.. near
Eleventh.
WANTED — Second cook at New Golden Gate
Hotel. 164 Fourth st.
YOUNG man to solicit for merchant tailor;
good wages. 1125 Market st.. bet. 7th & 8th.
BARBER shop; old-established corner; Ellis
and Webster st3.; for rent: fully furnished.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED— For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and writa
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on land in our isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In tha
United States. Apply at recruiting office, 40
Ellis *t.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222^ N. Main
Et., Los Angeles, Cal., and 401 K St., Sacra-
men|p, Cal. .-
WANTED — A reliable young man of good ap-
pearance as floor walker; must have a thor-
ough knowledge of dressing cloak windows.
M. SIMINOFF. 1228 Market st.
PICK- hops tn August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO., 122 Battery St., San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars moiled free.
Moler System Barber College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
rrnis Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: SI 50 to $3 per week.
YOUNG man with requisite experience and
ability as salesman to take charge of tea de-
.partment. BX>x 4932, Call.
WANTED — An, all-round man at the Woodland
steam laundry; wages $50 and board; must be
a good polisher. Address box 216. Woodland.
BOY about 1G to work In grocery store. $6
week to start; must have wheeL 403 B
St.. Oakland.
WANTED — Blen to canvass on premium
books: salary and commission. 1521 Mis-
sion *t.^ '\^--
CASH boys wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO., 740 Market »t. ' . ....
SALESMAN: high-grade matting line: on com-
mission; clty.& bay-counties. Box 4941. Call.
MALE stenographer and typewriter. O'BRIEN,
&C0 Golden Gate ave.
BOY to learn plumbing; state age and wages.
Box 4949. Ca!l office.
FOR sale — 3 chair barber shop. 305 Clement
street. ,'
WANTED — A few first-class machinists; steady
work; young men preferred. Box 4955. Call. ;
WANTED — A steady German; tend bar. useful
generally; business house. 15 City Hall sq.
WANTED — Boys to deliver telegrams: wages
$35 to $40 month. Apply 300 Montgomery st.
WANTED— A good block butcher. Apply 3318
Mission st.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741 A Hdward st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard &t., nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Toi-t.G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waltt.ur: 25c
to 50c. 5t!3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
¦iii '—
HORSES AND WAGONS.
WELL matched pair of sorrel horses to be sold
at public auction. Wednesday. August 5. 11
o'clock, at Arcade Horse Market. 327 6th st.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness mu3t be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
RARE chance — 1 good horses for sale cheap.
327 Sixth »t. '
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand;
new laundry wagon, cheap. ?2S Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and r-ocai t for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
, HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN &. CO.. 14 Montgomery
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HO WELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURXISHJED.
PACIFIC ave. — New and complete. This Is not
a cheap, old-fashioned place, bin »h« finest
rental prap»i-v in San I-'ran-laca. THE AIc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Markei st.
A WELL furnished house, piano. 10 rooms;
verv sunny: fine location: 1375 Masonic ave'
Apply MADISON & BURKE, 30 Montg. st.
SUBURBAN HOUSES.
3-ROOM cottage,' furnished at "Camp Echo,"
I.— rkspur Canyon. C. A. HOLM or postofflce.
LOST AND FOUND. ,
LOST — Mink collar, long tails, on Sutter st
Van Ness.' or Pacific ave. " Finder will re-
¦ celve ample reward returning to 912 Page st
LOST— July 30, at Ninth and Market sts
black and white greyhound hitch. Return
to Inglcslde Coursing Park. Saturday. Aug. 1.
LOST— Brooch, pearl crescent and enameled
violet: suitable reward. Cor. Locust & PijCific
LOST— July 29. lady's- gold hunting-case watch
engraved on cases. 23^ Langton st. ; reward.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of AGNES E. HAYES. No. 232-1362
¦ The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Certificate of deposit Noi 5094 drawn
, July 23. on Union Savings Bank for' $60 J
, R SUMNER.- 438 Van Ness ave. *
LOST — German canary from vicinity of Stcck-
ton and Vallejo sts. 705 Vallejo st.; reward.
LOST— Fox terrier bitch, brown head; answers
'•-; name Dottle; liberal reward 14 Eddy st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
' gold and sliver ; to make new watch cases.
meKical; "~ ''
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints ; Instant relief guaranteed ; 30
years' experience. 728 Post it., near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable npecialist for all t*-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief cuaranteed. 1CCS& Market St., -opp. 5th
MEDICAL—- Continued.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difflcult cases treat-
ed ; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN, ills Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and during:
confinement: best medical care; low feet.
A maternity villa: private; secluded; confiden-
tial. Trr. E. Funke. llltf Eighth st.. Alameda.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
Drs, Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female comp:; 25 yrs experience
DR ROSEN, moved to 2995 Folsom st., cor.
26th: relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR NG TOY KEE, 310 Powell St.. opposite
Union square; 'all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOIt SALIj -
BOILERS, engines. 2- hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
jewelry from us ia that you need only pay a
small weekly payment en all purchases; all
goods delivered on first payment. Call and
examine our goods, even if you don t care to
buy. LICI1TKNSTK1N BROS.. 25 Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEaIc?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATEHITE ROOFfNG CO.. 713 Market gt.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
pumps water pipe, bought, sold, rented and
exchange. See Sunday's papers. H.S. WHITE.
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 Beala st.
A— Fine suits. $7 50: dress pants. $2 50. Origt-
Inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A^$3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at., near Pine;
open til_9 p. m, Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machlnary. en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FOR sale — 500, CCO first-class new brick: at Glen
Ellen. Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL.
1021 Market st.
JUST arrived. 20 head freah cows and spring-
ers; gentle; fine milkers. 1684 San Bruno.
FOR sale— No. 2 Smith premier typewriter; $60.
Box 4wia. Call office. .
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, »ale. rental:
bargains. Bullarq A Breck. 131 Post st.
ONE camping outfit for sale; 2 horses, wagon
and harness. TM Folsom st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EC-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 1C9 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and sons slides. 109
Montgomery st. •
SAFES — New and secerad - hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs, hammocks.
metal beds, mattresses. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving:
picture machines, films. Baclgaluph 933 Mkt.
OASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all slzea. J. E. POAK. 46 Fremont «t.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento »t.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
" MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WASTED — 1C0 teams weighing from 1200 to
1400 pounds at $1 per span and feed by tha
E. B. and A. I_ Stone Company, for railroad
grading for tha Butte County Railroad Com-
pany, near Chlco. Inquire either at the Oak-
land or Chico office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing aM
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2S51.
$5000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted; hlgheat
price paid. 322 Grant ave.: tel. Red 3932.
MOriEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-6C3 Examiner bulldlnc.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. »
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry 8tore. 844
Market st.. tel. Main 1944. Branch. 19 Third.
MONET loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants. ter_csters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 533 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano :no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up: qulcK.
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 to SIO.COO.
AT cut rates on real estate, furnltura or plaao:
fo commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market: phone Main 816.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their not*.
TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bid?.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver.
diamends, pearls and precious stonss bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, room 18.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAXN. room SI. 6 Eddy at., floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
nu>. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kaarny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money ta
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
jpjjrseT. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A NUMBER of good i^anos returned from
renters will be sold at greatly reduced price*.
Among these instruments are several of tha
leading makes. Other bargains:
3 Chickerings $150, $185. $2S5
1 Klmbj.ll. walnut upright, celluloid keys.. $63
2 Emerson $185, $215
2 Steinway $1S5. $2N5
4 Heine .TV. $235 to $395
12 squares $15 to $170
10 organs $10 to $75
\ Rents $2 up. allowed on purchase: install-
ments $4 up; piano-players from $90 up; new
pianos from $117 up. HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Geary st.: phone Main 5744.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$165: great bargain. 237 Geary sti .
A fEW good upright pianos from $70 up com-
prising Vcse. Sterling, Jacobsen. Schwech-
ten. Sherwood. Weser. Marshall & Wendell.
Haines, x Everett. Knabe and others; easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20
O'Farrell. No branches In San Francisco.
A BAUMEISTER or Schubert piano la a good £
one to buy. Yon get full value for every dol- 1 1
! Iar Invested. Our terms are easy and the.'
prices .low. THE ZENO MAUVAIS CO., 763
Market st. ___________
BAND Instruments: F. Besson. Parts, maker.
Gus Maiwaid. Agt. Pac. Coast. 273 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
I ZITHERS, music, strings, etc. Max Maier!
Teacher of Zither. 304A Turk st. ¦
EEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order: sacrifice. Keefte's.2S5 O'Farrell.
Family sailing for Australia offers at sacrifice
handsome Steinway upright piano. 516 Eddy.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HORNUNG. 21t» McAllister at.
KOHLEIt &. CHASE. CO O'Farrell st.; largest
and oldest piano house.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes St.
BARGAIN: coed uprtsht: must ba sold at
once. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. * BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Tost st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, J27 MarkJt st.—
Office to let: rent $15; light, h^a*. Janitor anJ
telephone. ASHTON & OARDINSR.
STORE with large basement: near Kearnjr at.
See owner. *3W Clay »t.. room I.
pal_»ist:»y. — -
MADAM DEVAS.scientiflc palmist and astrolo-
glst. Office. 26 Liebes bldg., i:2» Pest St.; $1
palm, reading a specialty; open Tuesday eve.
PAPEKHANGING. PAINTING. ET<5.
ROOMS papered. $3 5o up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d st. : tel. Main 413
1'HYSICIANS A-SD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O' DONNELL-^Offlce and residence,
1021 M Market st., bet. Sbuh and Seventh.
BLOOD. *kln and rectal diseases a specialty. M
DR. BALL. 1U73H Market at. tljT
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor^**
treats all diseases of the human body; for
.past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at Cti7 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CH Y, successor ta Dr. Ll Po
Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
,by use of herbs and teas. TSi Washington »'-
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 7*6-3 Clay at.
HELP WAKTED— MALE Can.
MURRAY & READY,
_. 634 and 6C6 Clay st.
'^Phone Main 5848. Phone Main . 6843.
.Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THIS IS -WHAT
: -nrtr t^~~ MA °E US FAMOUS.
V\E KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
,... YOU ARE ALL WELCOME,
iOOS T\* Gave . 1903 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU ~~* FREE TO ONE.
FKEBTO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden. Utah. All parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park. ' Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Susana, ' Oregon,
San Fernando. ' Washington,
Los Angeles County, Central America,
Arizona. Willits. Uklah.
Ana All Points North. East. South.
Including Ogden. Utah.
Carpenters "and : helpers pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single double and machine,
men. comer and bench hands, mucken.f
chuck tenders, car dumpers. " teamsters, la-
borers, track men. cooks, waiters, black-
smiths, etc., $5. $4. $3 50. $3. $2 50. $2 Cay.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Everybody Talking Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY.
. 634 and 636 Clay it.
155 COAL MINERS. Oregon. Free Far*.
105 COAL MINERS. Oregon. Going Fre«.
Free Fare— 55 Men. Wllllts— Uklah. To-day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
FEE— $1— THAT'S ALL— $1— FEE.
FREE FARE. 666 MEN. FREE FARB.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC R R. DIVISIONS.
Santa Barbara Dist. , Santa Cruz Dist.
San Luis Obispo Dist. Santa Clara Dist.
Bakersfleld Dist. Sacramento Dist.
King City Dist. ,-" Alameda Dist.
Soledad Dist. Paso Roblea Dist.
Salinas Dist. Los Angeles Coast Dist.
Los Angeles Dist. Fresno Dist.
Guinda TJist. Cordelia Dist.
Madison Dist. Farmington Dist.
Also handlers of different places on their
divisions on every train
NORTH. EAST. SOUTH.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Pay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 Italians. FREE FARE.
1C5 Greeks. • FREE FARE.
155 Auetrians. FREEFARfi..
Board yourselves; managers at our office; see
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay fit.
GOLD, SILVER.
COPPER. COAL, ETC.
156 miners, single and double hand; machine
men, muckers, tlmbermen, furnace men, etc.,
$90. $S5 and $75 and found. - •
3M> laborers, no experience required, $60, $7o.
Fares from $1 50 to $5; many managers at
our office.
TUNNELS— QUARRISS.
186 drillers hammersmen, laborers, $90, $75
and $60.
THEY WANT YOU.
. 12 laborers for mine, no experience wanted,
$42 and found, fare $2.
For stables — 12 men. $60 to $76.
For farms— 125 men, $30, $35, $40 and found.
For orchards — 250 men. $26. $30 and found.
For dairies — 65 men, $30, $35. $40 and foun 1.
For chores — 3U men and boys, $30, $25, $20,
$15 and found.
For hay, harvest— 63 men. $1 50, $2, $2 50
day and found.
30 fruit pickers, $26 and found.
LOOK!
39 teamsters, city. $22 week. $2 to $2 50 day.
655 laborers, country-. $2, $2 50 day.
Coachmen, gardeners, private choreman.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
-18 men and wives for mines, ranches, dairies,
hotels, sawmills, etc., $40, $50, $60, $70, $S0
and found. .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
MECHANICAL HELP.
6S blacksmiths, $.1..
9 helpers. $2; 12 bench hands, $3 50.
9 carpenters. $3 to $4 ; 5 plasterers. $5 50.
Carriage makers, $4.
12 coopers, lie barrel.
9 brick molders, $;i 50; Iron workers, country.
155 other mechanics. $3 to $6 day.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
8C LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIES
' FREE— FARE— FREE.
995 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $70
and found.
1KH experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.
3S3 woodsmen, $40 to $150 and found.
..Stlckermen. , Tallymen.
bpool.Tendrrs. Machinist.
Buckers, trackmen. Line pullers.
Blacksmith and wood turners, barkers and
t-ar loaders. « ;
Tree fellers. Jackscrewers.
I-off loaders. Shingle sawyers.
Dolbeer loggers. Carriage setters.
Swampers and trimmers. Gang edgermen.
Oilers and engineer?. • Saw filers.
Pond men, band sawyers. Carriage doggers.
Sorters, graders and peelers. Chain tenders.
Phlngle packers, also Jointers chute builders
$»0. $50. $t>0. $70. $S0. $90, $100 to $15U
month and found.
3S6 woodchoppera. tlemakers. shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers, tools and pro-
visions found.
T5IG L MURRAY * READY,
TRUSTS. 034 and G3G Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
.17 cooks, all over California $90. $S0. $75,
$tf0, $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.
IS waittrs. $:t5 $40. $-"0 and found,
oh* pot and dish washers. $35. $30. $20 and fd.
18 bell and elevator boys, porters, bedmakers.
$.'{0 to *45 and found.
Crisp maker. ?10; porter, city store. $40.
.Steward. $ri<> and found.
- 12 larMlryinen. all classes. $1S week up.
ti baker-j and helpers. $30, $10, $60 and found.
12 boys, learn trades.
We publish a free bulletin of labor 'dally,
containing 10,000 positions. Get one.
MURRAY & READY,
G34-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL BY MIDNIGHT
Mail Phone and Telegraph.
3 machinists, fare paid, boss here. $50 fd.
Section foreman, lumber company, boss here.
2 waiters "for mine. $.'!0 found.
Third cook. Eureka, fare paid. $35.
Bedmaker. porter,, bellbov city hotel, $20
found up. /
Blacksmith, oamp. free fare, sawmill com-
pany $60 found
Butcher. Sonoma County. $35 found; Portu-
guese milker. SSS.
Fireman dredger, littl* blacksmithing. $40 fd.
Young man care of boys, city institution.
Clerk; young man cit-y wholesale office, $40.
, Walter. Santa Clara County, $35 fd.
5 hay baUrs, 15c ton: milker. San Jose. $35 fd
3 farmers, same ranch, i! horses, 3Cc fare,
$30 and found.
Walter, grill, 5f>c fare, ;¦¦-•?%¦-.' $30 fd.
: Baker, Shasta County, small shop, $32 50 fd.
/Stableman, city, good job. \ - $30 fd.
Butcher, all round man. fare $3, $40 fd.
, SPECIAL.
Bartender, German, country hotel, boss here,
• $-10 fd.; also yard man, same place. $25 fd.
2 carriage setter?, boss here, ?2 75 day fd.
¦ BIGGEST WAGES MURRAY & READY,
BEST PLACES AT - .. 634-C36 Clay st.
CARPENTERS? BOSSES AT
CARPENTERS. . OUR OFFICE.
9 of them to build barns, sheds, etc. ; mil-
lionaire's own private work. 00c fare, $20.
6 carpenters, factory, fare $1, $30.
MURRAY & -READY. 634-630 Clay st.
. _^ ~r[iis is good.
15. laborers to help carpenters handle "lum-
ber, do any other laboring work, fare 1 65e,
$C0 increase to $HS. 50; boss at our office.
MURRAY & READY. 034-ti36 Clay St.
$5,000,000 :•/. ~ BANKING SYNDICATE.
25 men amons fruit, etc., fare $1. 526 fd.
MURRAY &, READY. C34 and 636 Clay st.
TUOLUMNE CO. R. R. FARE PAID.
25 laborers, big lumber trust, $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
OREGON ' kFARE TO-DAY.
TO-DAY. PAID. . OREGON.
* 25 woods labours and woodsmen. $35 to $S0
' fd. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
$1 TO BUTTE, $1— CHICO.
20 teamsters, laborers, axmen, $75.
MURRAY &. READY, 634-636 Clay st.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st. — 8 laborers
and 2 teamsters, private park, country., $1
a day and found: plain carpenters, country,
5,3 to $3 50 a-, day; butler, $50; dishwasher,
$40; porter, $20; waiter, country Tiotel, $30, etc.
WANTED— Boy about : 14 years of age to as-
sist on laundry wagon; must be fair writer.
1 Apply, at 3372 Mission st.
MEN to learn barber trade; an .Improvement
on all other : systems. For particulars ad-
dress -Western Barber Col., 647 Commercial.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1' pair;
¦ ' foot-Xorm shoes r at $2 50; we pay express or
• mall charges. ,11 Third st. Examiner hidg.
WANTED— Cash boys; $15 a month. ROOS
, BROS.,.25-37 Kearny st. . . . . '
.BARBER wanted. 291 Seventh St.- .i
BOY wanted— Apply E. H. LEVY, Inc., 513
• Market s't.," upstairs. ; c ' > ; ¦ ' > . - ;
DISHWASHER in a restaurant. * 1759>4 Mis-
elon'st. ".-- ¦•••:-» --T ., ••
BOOTBLACK wanted." 1905 Fillmore et.
A GOOD i lunch " waiter , wanted. Call at |230
Townsend ; st. - ¦ -i . . * .
TRY- our men's shoes, union. made, at $1 pair;
Tfoot- form ; shoes at $2 50; we pay. express or
I "mall s charges. - 11 Third St., Examiner bldg.
LUNCH waiter wanted at^922 Battery St.. .
.WANTED—Erfand '. boy.l age- 13 to 14 years.
G97 Bush st.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cfcll. corner Market and Third v streets; open
uati! 12 o'clock every night In the year.
. BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery etreet.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
200 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister etreet: open ustil 9:30 p. m.
t)!5 Larkin street; epen until 9:30 p. m.
J841 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
_.'C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 b. ra.
J06 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1<X>G Valencia «reet: open until 9 p. m-
Northwest coratr of Twenty -second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. n».
2200 mimore street; open until 9 p. m..
31EETINO XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Cotnmandery Ko. 1. -g.
T — Rt-euJax assembly THlfc E\t-^- Tj3«
1XG at 7:30 o'ujock- Order of the gjl
Temple. All fraters courteously In- G^F
tCd# THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder^
VAririC Lodpe No. 136. £ » !ld vV-Kv" *JLf
SUuMBic Temple, meets THIb L\t-N-
1NCJ 7 o" clock: third degree. /? \
liUOJIGE PKNL1NGTON. Secretary.
EURlHKA~LodBe No. a. K. of P., 903 -***
Market St. — Kr.isbt rank (long form) *\~f*%4f
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. Visit- 73gv£
ir.g brothers welcome. By order of _£_£5*x
FRED KLINE, C. C.
J. W. C BEATTIE, K. R. S.
SAX FRANCISCO Trr.t Xo. _£???§J5W
' k K. O. T. M. — Review _^?*__?S**
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- £f^ ft ?_y3
ING at 8 o'clock. Pioneer E*2»I v&lJRl
liaJl'. 2* Fourth Ft. G_3 />A«&|
D. B. RICHARDS. YwV^aScy
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association — %^^\'n
Will fccM Its f-eventeenth annual pic- \^\V|
n'.c in Shell Mound Park. Berkeley, on 3fc\\f
6UNDA Y, August 2, 1903. Numerous £ l Q__a
rate snd came prizes. A Domestic «»1_»
eswint -machine will be given for a flrst gate
prize, now on exhibition at 1021 Market st.
A first-class union band will be in attend-
ttioe Boats leave every half-hour for the
park. Buy your tickets for Shell Mound.
l>cn't forget the date, as this is the picnic of
tfce beason — Sunday, August 2.
P. DEASY. Chairman.
J. CRONIN. Secretary.
ANNUAL excursion and ricnic of the f-y^^
Master Mariner Benevolent Aesocia.- JIVtL^f: \
tlcn to lv> hold at E! Carajio Sunday. *" ll • j
Aug. £. Steamers Gen. Krisbie and Montioollo 1
wiil leave MisEion-sm-et wharf at 9:45. 11:30)
and 1 ::;Ct p. m. Tickets can he had at wharf, j
THE Board of Msdical Examiners of the State j
of California will hold a regular metting in j
the examination chambers. Civil Service
Ccmmission City Hall. San Francisco. Cal.,
on TUESDAY. Ausrust 4. 1903, at 10 a. m.
GEO. G. GERE. M. D-, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The K: scion Iron and Lo-
comctlvf Works — The asnu_l meeting of the
ftockhclders of the R'.sdon Iron and Loco-
mct'.ve Works, for the election of trustees
:cr the er.Eulng year and the transaction cf
mch other business as ir.ay be brought be-
fore the meeting, will be held at the office
o* the company. No. 29S Eteuart street. San
Francisc-o. en MONDAY, the 3d day of Au-
CT-'st. Z'.'.C, ct 11 o'clock a. m.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
A WEEK'S r.ews for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
16 races, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
AGEHT3 A2TO SOI.ICITOBS WAXTTED.
WANTED — Good acents in every city and j
tcts-n in the United States to sell diamonds j
on installments; Tontine plan: known as ;
Tont-int fiiamend contracts; men to ooen up i
r-ew territory as managers in different parts I
cf the country: contracts run S2 weeks at i
fl 25 per week; total paid, $C5 for a 1-carat
ilcar white diamond, or $100 in cold coin in
lieu thereof; investment pays 50 per cent
profit: agents, here is a contract that will
fell and one that you can cet paid for sell-
:rc. A<*.<JrFss box S02. Call office. Oakland.
ASTROLOGY.
AFirclogy tauRht, horoscopes cast. Prof. Ray-
mond, boots* :re, 649 Ellis. By mall if desired.
ATTORNEYS i AT LA^'
a!jv7c^^r^e^a1ll~leg ; alIi atters.
divorce and probate cases.
No pay in advance — No charge without
Euccess; estates, attachments, damaij^s.
R. C. ADAMS.
Room S16. third floor. Examiner building.
r.^BT. W. KING, atty-at-law, Examiner Md.,
"^ffa. 011; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
ettachinent.E, collections, etc.; consultation
Pfree; no advance charges; call cr write;
even.ugs by appointment. Tel Red 3001.
rilOMPT attention to all cases; divorce,e£tate_,
collections; no fees unless euccessful; call or
write: evey. Tues. and Fri.: est. 15 yrs. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. 927 Market: tel Jessie 1530.
ADVICE free— I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
rates: no fees in advance: open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market et.. r. 31.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;quick,quiet;
ro charge without success; established 15 yrs.
G W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.. opp. Hale's.
L. B. CLARK. Enur.a Ppreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket et. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, re. 303-10-11
C!ur:e fc.r.£.. 50:; California St.; tel. Main 727.
V.iCK MATTHEWS, attorney at law, 632 Mar-
ket Ft., room 23; legal advice: bank refs.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talking parrots.$5 each ;Gennan singing
rar.aries. $2; we will try to please rou;every-
thlr.? in our line at ripht prices. 1546 Market.
liOARIMXU FUR C&lLLtt-BN.
CJERMAN woman wants 1 or 2 children to
board; ref. civen. 612 Treat ave., nr. 19th.
bcsixkss chances.
ei^e^m^neT^Ig^ividends " ~~ ¦
CATTLE RAISING.
We will take your cattle and raise them
{cr a chare of the profits, guaranteeing you
s certain increase.
It you Invest your money with us will guaran-
tee yuu a fixed Income, secured by the best
of collateral. ~
Bark references. Al management.
CALIFORNIA CATTLE AND LAND CO..
C51-661 Hayward bldg.
"WANT to sell your business?"
See H. W. WILFORD.
Business Agent.
3 Tavlor st.. corner Golden Gate ave,
fT.Vi. "' "
nestaurajit ar.d bakery located In best pay-
Ing <5it-trict in the city: doing a thriving busi-
ness; teat* <S; rfceipts average $10 daily:
rent n^sonahle: vatt lisa other business and •
inurt sell. H. W. WILFORD. 3 Taylor st. -
WANTED — By flrst-cla<=s German cook. ',4 in-
terert ia cvd restaurant or coffee salcon. or
Ftart new r.lace. Addrtss box 4616, Call.
$5<yv_PARTNER; fl.'rfl month each; perma-
ne.ut; no hzt.is. Box 4017. Call.
l"Ort tale — Good wholesale and retail feed,
prain, hay and *ee3 business in county seat;
4 (| f»> population: other business cause of sale.
Address bcx 4013. Call office.
WANTED — By- experienced man with $35,000.
a partner with similar capital: object, fur-
niture credit bupinesp: ptate full particulars.
A«]<1ress bcx 4<:14. Cal! office.
HALF iuteres-l tea and ceffee business, crock-
ery, etc.: good ftore trsOe and route;; abuut
J2500. WHITTLE. 131 San Pablo ave.. Oak-
!an4. . f
AN erchor diamond brooch end bracelet to be
njld rijrht away; cheap; no dealers. Box
4 :».'-'). Call.
OYSTER and chop house for sale. 1C0 Fifth
nrrd.
FRCE machine snd pattern shop for sale cheap.
Box 494H. Cail.
$8000 — Large saloon; exceptionally low rent;
oor.: close in: owner sick. Mos«Tnan.S50 Mkt.
rCR eak- — Co-partnership in cabinet manufac-
turing etlabiishment: good opp. 4249. Call.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale.
Inquire hardware Etore. 13th and Foliom Ets,
Hetrdrcssitg parlors ;cheap: value In s!ght;good
locution: retiring. 115-1 Market, bet. 7th-6th.
<-T*ASKIFIRD »d"crtlsements and subscriptions
rerei\-ed it Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
"prstyESS CHAXCES WAVTED.
HATS, clothing, shoes, gen. merch.; $12,000 up;
In goody country town. Moesntan. S."»0 Market.
COLLECTION OFFICES. ~
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected epeedlly. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. S5. 916" Market;
tel. Red CIS: collections; sen'! law business.
BAD tenants ejected for *4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooma 9-10? tel. 5580.
- CHmOPOP _ IS . T l ?^ - ¦ ... _"
DUNLAP FOOT^INSITTUTE, 50 Geary— All
_lln_s£_» cf too feet cared; corns, bunions.etc.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent *J*0-"' $^
58 rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good income; rent WO. *w
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease. 650
120 rooms; good leare; low rent 6500
57vrms.: apartments -.Western Add; rent. £»i
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL A CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406, Examiner bldg.—
Hotels. Apartment Houses. Flats and
ROOMING HOUSES. A BIG FREE LIST.
SEE MOSSMAN
For lodging-houses. 650 Market st.
HOUSE 9 rooms; 6 rooms pay ?13S montnly;
co« $'1200; price $S00. 804 McAllister at.
SUNNY well-fur, cor. flat. 14 rm!.; rent $40,
lease: price $700. 204 Second st.. upstairs.
splKITI>A _ lsM>
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance Fri-
day eve.. 50c. 1115 Post St.. 8 o'clock sharp.
MME. SWAN_0N. spiritual medium and card
reader. 17 _rourth_st. •
JOHJ* SLATERcircie to-night at 8:15 sharp;
readings 10 to 4. 336 O'Farrell st. :
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readinss daily,
9:30 to 4; reances Sunday and Thursday.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening.
25c; slttlngg. 1000 Harrison st- cor. Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^ CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 «.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTLVE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; in fact. I will tell you every
hope fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and I lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p.. m. : Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
b!dg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate, description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur tn the future: if you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not «atlsfled in life, or have do-
mestic love cr business troubles consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life: 25c up; satisfaction guaranteel; read-
tngs by mail. Tel. Black 4560.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypEy, clairvoyant and
palmict. permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk: private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mai! as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock pf hair, date and year
of birth: don't Fend currency. Send postofflce,
WTlls-Fargo mency crder cr registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, l>orn with a double veil and sec-
ond sisht: tells the past, present and future:
ladies. 5Oc; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and slairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
cart reader, will give a good reading, 10c. for
• a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin near Grove.
A— Mm*. 1 Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th <t.. near Marttet.
THIS evening MADAM DE MONCLAIR will
give her wonderful water test. R. 2.11SVjEllls
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26^4 Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c. gents 50c.
MME. MARSEAU. clairvoyant card reader;
ladies, 25c; cents. 50c. 545 Minna Et.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant carC reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 44S*4 Jessie ft., bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPET-BEATIXC AXD CLEANING.
AIR compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
flcor. without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big. : plionc Main 5237.
WHFN you become disgusted with your work
eend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama el : tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero et., tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
DE.VT1STS.
DrTlUDLUM^HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates, are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. S5; full Bet; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns.$2 up; fillings. 25c.
GOLD fillings 75c. silver 35c. crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday, Dr.O.B.HewltC204 Sutter.
¦10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
New York Dentifts. »C0 Mission ft., cor. Cth.
DRESSMAKERS at SEAMSTRESSES.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1010 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
~DYSIJT& AITD CIiEA-ngQ.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. SS»15 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN, pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A^CALDW'ELL College of Oratory, Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest in the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class: beautiful
new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Ninth.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; in-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Mkt.
ATBSS. t!ie Hiding business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; epecial summer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; est. 20 years'; 1412 Polk at., bet.
Pine and California; adult class now open;
children's class will open Eat. aft., Aug. 15.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Klectricity,24 Post
et.. S. F. : a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Speoial catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School o* Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave. ; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.,-mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113*Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial Collece, Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves.,S.F. ;nlls every requirement
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
st., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
KENT Law School; day and night; assures ad-
mission to the bar. 6 Eddy. cor. Powell.
SPA*NISH Academy — Professor Arribas; classes
day and e\-ening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER, 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.Ctli.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
I'itt.-nan shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $8 mo.
_. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKlT^SlTpost istT; TelT Bus1Tl35^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best h*lp; contracts for farm help. etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese.
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tfcl. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
¦ Stockton: tel. Grant 16S:,expert.rel!able help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help/ 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAJV'TED FEMALE.
NEAT, reliable woman with child 2 years old
wishes position as housekeeper: city or coun-
try. Address MRS.- GEO. THOMPSON Par-
adlec, Butte County, Cal. -- _-'
SITUATION wanted — By young Swedish girl
• for general housework and cooking. Apply
at 233 California ave., bet. Twenty-ninth and
Thirtieth Bts.Y oft Mission. .
WOMAN wants to do M general housework ' or
cooklns; wages not less than $25. 31 Fulton.
j_ . — : : _ . : : . _ j.
I — — — — - — 7 — — — : : — — — . ; ¦ -1 1
' ¦ Jfiflfe'BWNuT
¦_s|lH g-V^y _> -\ J M* %l 11 lUI I
If you're waked In the night by a cry of affright
From the lord of the home and can't sleep till daylight , ;
You should get a, good nurse— that's the kind a Want Ad '
Iii-The Call always brings to make parents' hearts glad.
jr^ ' ' ' ¦ ___ ?
w tr~"~ . — ¦»-
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED woman from East, good cook;
no objections to housework; in small Amer-
ican family preferred; city or country; no
postals. Apply 221 Hickory ave.
POSITION as housekeeper by elderly woman;
neat, economical cook; used to children; cap-
able the entire work of small family; wages,
$10 to $12. Box 4262, Call office.
I SITUATION wanted by first-class cook; under- 1
I stands German and American cooking; best
j references. 520 Bush st. ________
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework:
plain cooking; $15 a month. Call ll^a Bruce.
YOUNG lady would like a situation as printer
in a photograph gallery. 1114 Harrison st.
AN American' woman wants situation to do
general housework; good plain cock; good
home* and moderate wages. 1065 Market st. ;
no postals. 'y/- ..¦
COMPETENT girl wishes housework in. a small
family; wages $25; carfare expected. 25A
Silver 6t. '.- -y
COMPETENT woman wants waiting or cham-
i ber work, hotel or boarding-house; would
leave city. Apply 613 Ellis st. ___^
TRAINED nurse wishes hourly engagements/ 1
can give baths, rubbings or any care the slcjt
may require. Phone Scott 3151. /
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
NORTH German, strong, single man. 37 years
of age seeks position; formerly In the liquor
business in New York City; anything In the
wholesale line, such as salesman, shipping
i clerk, on wagon, etc. ; speaks and writes En-
glish and German fluently: city or country.
BRANDHORST. 532 Third st.
RELIABLE Japanese boy desires a position
as school boy to do cooking and general
housework. FRANK JOSHI. care Japanese
I Mission. 1329 Pine st.
AMERICAN young Chinese wants position as
cook in family; wages from * $7 or $8 up
weekly. 622 Sacramento st. ; phone Clay S21.
RESPECTABLE man with good ear. wishes to
learn r>Iano tuning. Address with terms to
box 4250. Call office.
COOK — Experienced meat, bread and pastry,
wants situation; sober and reliable. W. A.
JONES, Frultvale P. O.
"* YOUNG man of best family letters desires em-
ployment. Box 4615. Call offlca. _-
BOOKKEEPER on a ranch; well-educated
young man who has previously been em-
ployed in above capacity seeks similar posi-
tion: highly recommended by last employer;
is a stenographer and typist; abstainer; bonds
I if required. Box 4246. Call office.
1 POSITION as salesman, 15 years' experience
I In mercantile business. aUo had experience
in railroad Wells-Fargo and "bookkeeping.
: Box 424S. Call office.
WANTED — Position in or near San Francisco
by linotype operator-machinist; 8 years ex-
perience, day work. preferred. Address box
43. Petaluma. Cal. ' :. . ¦ - ¦
YOUNG man would llke^ work as carpenter; 10
years' experience as bench and machine
hand. Box 4054. Call.
MAN of 30 years, honest, steady and sober,
wants position as grocery clerk In or near
city. Address box 4942. Call office.
1 A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation in grocery store and barroom; first-
class references. W. BOHLJNG. 417 Kearny.
JAPANESE wishes work as a school boy near
Crocker Grammar School. 810 Stockton st.
S. OKUTARO. -
! A COMPETENT gardener wishes position in
• a private place. Address S. R., box 4051, Call.
' EXPERIENCED stenographer. 21 years of
; age. desires position. Box 4264. Call office.
! SITUATION wanted by a young man to tend
I bar; very best of reference. Box 4947. Call
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
1 rubRcriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia rt
j FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and'
Bold; stock accepted for • services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
7 FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES ar.d flats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free: take advantage of this
department: It will save-, you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-25'J Geary
St.. on the square. .
A SUNNY corner upper 6-room flat, basement;
half block from Market St., within 13 min-
utes' ride of Golden Gate Park; Castro and
Eighteenth -st. cars. o943 Seventeenth at.
PARK flats; new; elegantly finished: on Sec-
ond ave. and C St., one block to McAllister
cars; 5 rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
S25 to $45; sunlight all around; open.
A MODERN sunny flat, 5 rooms, bath; near
park entrance. 1708 Waller st.; rent $22 50.
FLAT — t rooms; rent $11. 1123 Vallcjo St.,
near Leavenworth. -,
FLAT to let; all modern Improvements; rent
i reasonable. 1108 Devisadero, nr. O'Farrell.
TO iet — Flat of four rooms; • 1897 -O'Farrell.
HOOKER _ LENT, 14 Post st.
GREENWICH, 2727 — Upper; sunny; 6 rooms;
new; marine view; $25; open.
NOE. 151. north Market — Sunny^corner flat, 3'
bay-windows; 6 rooms and bath; $30.
$11 — COTTAGE, of 4 eunny rooms, yard. 132
Rose ave., bet. Gough and Octavia sts.
A SUNNY flat. 6 rooms and bath; rent reason-
able. 384 Fell St.. near Octavla.
TO let — Flat "of 6 rooms and bath. 452 Tehama
street. ¦ ' ..'.'-' ¦¦•--.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED sunny flat: new furniture.-' Call
: 1301 Leavenworth St.. 10 to 4; references.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
SNAP; 3 new elegant bedroom »^t«; owner
going away; flat for rent. Box •!:>;!», Call.
S-ROOM flat, furnished complete for - saler"
7 Hyde st. \ > ~
FUKX1TURB > w ftXTE^.
A. WOLLPERT, .Jili M_sion, phone Red 44U2,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE?"
AT C.'R HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 183
/ HOTEL DEPARTMENT
FARES: PAID ALL COUNTRY PLACES.
./Waitresses. Merced, Needles. Barstow. .. .$20
Mcnlo Park. Llvermore. Woodland, Berke-
ley ........:... ......$25
Chleo. Marysville. city, resorts, springs. .$25
' Chambermaids, city, country, springs.. ..$20
Laundress, plain Iwork, hotel, city. . ... . .$25
Cook, restaurant :...$12 week
Man and wife, waiter and waitress, party
here . . V.C. .T*.-. . . ."V. . . .:.".... .$00
Restaurant waitresses and lunch waitresses..
.........*...... ...i. ....... ... ..$7. $3
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Woman,- care of invalid, $5 week; nurse and
. assist, $12; cooka. houseglrls. second girls,
nurseglrls. city and country ¦ $10 $30. .
C. R. HANSEN & CO. . . . . .429 BuBh st.
A— 4 GIRLS to label Jellies. $5 a week. Ap-
ply C. R. HANSEN & CO., Employment
Agents, 429 Bush st.
HA1RDRESS1NG, manicuring, massage, hair
¦ work; remcval of superfluous hair 1 : taught -
from A' to Z in 2 weeks for. $4 50; positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school' day
and eve. 233 Geary r. . 13; maids prepared. <
A— LADIES, learn all 'branches j halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, ¦ massage, j etc. ; 1236 Mar-
ket et., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; ) day and eve. class; >. call.
SWEDISH young "woman for general house-
. work, plain cooking; ' small family; 2243
'. Leavenworth : st. . ; , {.> '.;---•
1 " '
; WOMAN wanted for housecleanlng ; at Hebrew
V- Orphan Asylum. 1 600 Devisadero st. ; good
> ,waces. - ¦- ¦ '¦¦:¦¦-¦-: ' - ;-¦¦.¦-•;
HELP WASTED — FEMALE— Com.
WANTED— Cook and second girl. $35. $30.
. same house. San Jose: 2 German cooks. $35;
¦ cook, no wash city, $30: cook, orphan home.
$40; 4 second girls, $20. $25; 4 housework
girls. $30. city '¦and country: chambermaid,
private family. $30; cook men. $30; lady's
maid; 4 hotel waitresses. $20. $25 ; • chamber-
• maid, assist waiting, $20; 2 second girls,'
girls' boarding school; 4 nurseglrls. $15. $20.
$25; dinner waitress, $5 week; waitress. Los
Gatos. $25; dishwasher, institution. $25; 2
waitresses. $9 week ; housework. Redwood,
. $30. no washing; 40 general housework girls,
city d«d country. $25. $30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1873 MISSION ST..
v NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
• OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED:
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING: OPERATORS AND RIVETERS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY.
32 V, FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS. .
, GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; APPLY AT
ONCE.
AMES & HARRIS.
ICO SACRAMENTO ST.
WANTED. .
WOMEN AND GIRLS TO CUT FRUIT;
GOOD WAGES AND STEADY WORK. AP-
PLY CUTTING BRANCH CANNERY. CALL
FORNIA FRUIT CANNERS' ASSOCIATION,
CORNER SEVENTH AND BERRY STS.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply. California Canneries Co.^Brannan
st... between Third and Fourth. jj-
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment, highest wages. CODE-PORT-
WOOD CO.. Bryant and Tenth.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season:
trade taught from start to finish in one month
for $5: positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
Eve. School only. 143 Stockton St., rm. 1^.
A— OPERATORS on children's woolen coats
and dresses. C56 Mission st. third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladies' underwear. 656
Mission St.. third floor^
A— Practical Millinery School, eetab. 14 years;
terms easy. 810 O'Farrell. for. 1000 Van Nesj.
GIRL for housework." 51 Cumberland place, be-
tween l'Jth and 20th. Guerrero and Dolorea.
WANTED— Nurseglrl; one of experience pre-
. f erred; references. 2007 Fillmore st. - .
GIRL wanted for general housework small
family. 1772 Sutter st.
GIRL for housework and cooking. Apply 1961
Pine st. , .
EMBROIDEP.Y teacher wanted; a thoroughly
experienced woman ; - must understand
stamping and have complete knowledge of
art needlework; state experience, references
and salary expected. Address box 4956. Call.
PICK* hops In Aueust: enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Young woman who Is experienced
In art goods embroidery material.- etc. Ap-
ply between '9 and 11 a: m., at HALE
BROS.' ' '
EXPERIENCED Lamb knitting machine
operators, crocheters and hand sewers. Ap-
ply J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO.. 412
Polk st. ¦ __
YOUNG lady for office work; must be accu-
rate and good at figures; state salary ex-
pected and give references. Box 4058, Call,
'DRIVING-GLOVE makers, also girls to learn
glove finishing; wages from start. CARSON'S
GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st. ¦
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS. .
GIRLS for factory work; permanent positions:
good wages: no experience necessary; paid
while learning. Gulf Bag Co.. 700-711 Front.
WANTED — Experienced feeder on ruling ma-
chine. Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741
Market st. /^
ITALIAN lady who can speak English' wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
• ave. and Waller st.
APPRENTICE for hair business at G.
LEDERER'S. 123 Stockton st.
WANTED— Neat, reliable girl; good cook. Ap-
ply forenoons. 3CG8 Twentieth st.
iRONERS on ladles' and children's wear. 656
Mission St.. third floor. t
APPRENTICES and trimmers wanted In mil-
linery store at Ci)2 McAllister st. :
WOMAN of business training for commercial
position. Box N 4059, Call office.
WANTED— A waitress. Call corner Ninth
ave. and Fulton St.: RITTER'S.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework;
wages,' $20. 791 McAllister st.
ELDERLY Gorman Catholic woman; cooking
and housework; $7 per week. 1071 Market et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia ¦ st. ,
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT^CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
NEVADA AND UTAH. ;
We ship dally; S. P. Co.'s own work.
500 laborers. $2 a day. ¦: ." 7
490 section hands,. alL.parts of California.
Bakersfleld, Fresno, Sacramento - and,.many_
other points. ' ." ; " """"
jr ' S. P. R. R. Co.'s Own-Wcrk.
FREE FARE— FREE FARfcJ.
- EVERY DAY. .
CHATSWORTH PARK— FREE FARE.
10 tunnelmen, $3 a day.'
10 drillers and muckers, $2 25 a day.
BUTTE COUNTY— CHICO.
50 teamsters and rockmen, . $2 50 a day.
60 laborers and axmen,' $2 25 a day.
COAL MINERS. ; J
FREE FARE— OREGON.
25 miners, $1 a ton. ' U v' ;
3 wood choppers, ! ". oak, 2 tiers, ;' 16-inch, ; $1 75
a : cord.
Cook, boardins-house, near city, $J0.
Cook for restaurant, , city, $12 for 0 days.
2 carriage setters, sawmill, $65 and found.
Edgcrman, $80 and board.
CAL. . EMP.V AGENCY. 59 Third- St.
COACHMAN, ' $30 and found; 2 : men about
• place, $25 and 830 and found; choreman, pri-
- vate place, $25 and ¦ found ; 3; farmers and
.wives. $40 - $50 and $55 and found; 2 setters
for sawmtil $65 and found," see boss here; 2
Jobbing- blacksmiths for country, $3 day; .2
_ blacksmith helpers and doorman, $2 day and
$1 50 and board; blacksmith helper, wagon
work, $2 day; 3 ; carpenters. <¦ plain .work. 3 $:>
day; all round < laundryman, $50 and found;
miners, - 12 50 - and $3 day ; 0 : woodchoppers
for mine, $1 50 cord, and others. . J. F."CRO-
1 8ETT & CO.; 628 Sacramento st.
GERMAN barkeeper, country hotel, $35 to $40
; and found ; 1 young • man ,. for . housework, - $25
and found: 2 dishwashers, country^ hotel, $23
and $30 and found: restaurant : cooks, wait-
ers, and others. -' J; * F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.^ •:'. . ' . ' - ¦; ': : . ; ¦
A— HOTEL" GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12— ¦
• . Cook, $75; . second cook, ; $50, same hotel, free
•"¦fare; bellboys,- $15;. laundryman,' $45."
.TRY our j men's shoes, ', union ! made, at $1 per
.* •Falr, ; foot- forr** shoes at $2 50.- or orthopedic
• shoes. 1 . $3 50; bwst shoes on earth, h 11 * Third
St.. Examiner building'.' 5 doors from Market.NEW 'YORK. - July 30. — Announcement ' Is
made - that . the New .York Daily , News ; plant
andgood will will be. sold at auction in this
city on -August 21."- The Daily-Newa has:been
published ; by » the s New -York » News , Publishing
Company,^ of '¦'¦- which , Frank^ A;> Munsey ¦. Is • the
urlnciual stockholder. •¦ >!^1^9BBB9BH
A BKRDEEM— Sailed July 30-f-Stmr . Aber
deen,-for San .Pedro. ¦ r- - ¦ .. , ';¦¦¦¦..:
-¦ FOKT BRACK? — Sailed July 30~-Stmr Scotia,
for < San 'Francisco.'.--' -¦. ' •
BLAKELEY— Arrived • July 30— Dktn
Amaranth;- from ¦ Port : Gamble-
Late Shipping .Intelligence.
SAILED.
J_ ¦ : '; Thursday, > July ' 30.
StmrMandalay. Payne.- Crescent City.
. DOMESTIC PORTS.
Smith Produces Wife's Will.
Butler Smith, the real estate man. who
was. accused by "Mrs. Ella Chamberlain,
his mother-in-law, of. endeavoring. to pre
vent the . offering of his wife's will for
probate, appeared before "Judge Murasky*
yesterday: with the document, and later
filed j it with ' the ;County Clerk. * His : at
torney, stated that the reasomthe wflKwas
no '*¦ produced' sooner -was because ;. Smith
doubted Its genuineness.
New Foreign Consuls.
Alejandro Noboa. has been recognized tfy
the State I>epartment*-Rt Washington,
D.,;C., -: a» : Consul ; General , at San Fran
cisco . for : Ecuador. • Benjamin • Bloon has
been , appointed as temporary Consul at
this] port for Honduras.
OYSTER BAT, L. I.. Jury* 30. — Professor
Jerome Baker Landfleld, an instructor In th*
University of California, was a caller on Presi
dent Roosevelt to-day. He has Just returned
from Europe and desired to -pay his respects
to the President and talk wlCt him concerning
his observations during his travels before pro
ceeding to California.
NEW YORK, July 30.— From San Fran
cisco—H. Arnold," at the "Wellington; L.
Eschen, at the Herald Square; J. W.
Hughes, at the Vcndome: , J. H. Jacobs,
at the St. Denis; Mtas I* Jacobs, at Hotel
Savoy; J. B. Kelly, at Hotel Imperial; W.
J. Nelson, at the Grenoble; H. t H. Noble,
at the 8avoy: MlasM. Patton. at the St.
Denis. From San Jose— F. A. McFarland,
at the BartholdL" From .'Santa Ana— F.
Conn. C. I* Fox and J. D. Parsons, at the
Grand Union.
Calif ornians in New York.
Charles and Harry Bush (owners) with Val
Franz (contractor), architects Salfleld A Kohl
berg — Excavation,- brick. \ concrete, carpenter
and mill work, plastering, > glazing, tinning,
hardware, iron work and roofing for a seven
etory and basement brick building on BE corner
of O'Farrell. and Carlos streets, E 00 by S
117:0;.$81.50uV
Same owner* with' William F. Wilson Com
pany (contractors), architects rame — Gas fit
ting ar.d plumbing for game, on same; $12,C6«.
Martha E. Logan (owner) wlth.T. J. Healy
& 'Son (contractors). • architect William ; H.
Wharff— Sewering, plumbing, gas nttin|t and
tiling fora two-story frame building (flats) on
SE line of Silver, street, 145 SW of Second, —
SO by S 75; $1175.
' National Brewing Company (owners) with
Huwe & Hippley (contractors), architects John
& Zimmerman— Carpenter work, glazing and
tinning for a new malt kiln house on E line or
Webster street, 128:0 S of Fulton.. S 39:3 by K
30:3: $20S5. '
August F.Chamot (owner) with Lowry &
Daly . (contractor*), * architects - Shea & . Shea —
Opal : trlass. tiling for; walls of lavatories and
bathrooms and tiling for same and for main
first story corridor for an I eight-story and> base
ment brick and stone building on W.line of Ma
eon street. 27:« 8 of Ellis, S 55:6 by W 81:6;
Same owner with Joseph McKenna (contract
or), architects earne— Painting.; etc.,. for; aame
on tame; $2000. ?-;*¦--• " • ¦_ .
Same owner with W. P. '* Fuller & Co. (con
tractors), architects same — Plate art and crys
tal sheet glass for same on same; $1205. -
Bame owner . with Van Emon Engineering
Company ' (contractors), : architects same — Pas
senger and sidewalk elevators for same on
game; $3032.'' , - ' ; ' .
Builders' Contracts.
The admitted" facts of the case were
that Richard Fitzgerald applied for.a'llfe
insurance . policy for $10,000 and gave two
promissory \ notes, one ' payable in three
and the other in six months. The policy
was sent from, the company's chief of
fice in New York 'to Fitzgerald's address
in Oakland, but he had removed to Brit
ish Columbia, where he died, and the pol
icy was never delivered. ¦
Charles A. McLane, the local manager
of the company, testified that he in
structed the local agent, Edward H. Os
borne, not to" deliver the policy 'to Fitz
gerald unless • Fitzgerald had paid $301
cash, the, company being unwilling to give
him credit. Several letters, one contain
ing the notes, were sent to Fitzgerald,
asking him for payment, but the letters
and notes were returned.
McLane's evidence was contradicted by
that of Osborne, who testified that Mc-
Lane never told him not to deliver the
policy until Fitzgerald had paid the notes.
The suit of Michael Fitzgerald, as ad
ministrator of the estate of Richard Fitz
gerald/against the New York Life Insur
ance Company, was tried yesterday be
fore United States District Judge Beatty,
sitting In the United States Circuit Court,
and was submitted after argument.
Premiums -Unpaid and Paper Never
Delivered ; to . Richard Fitzger
;{••;'-;¦. aid, -the Decedent.
NEW YORK LIFE SUED^
ONV INSURANCE POLICY
Thomas James, for many years purser
of the steamer Alameda and who intro
duced a number of the more prominent
Australian pugilists to the American pub
lic, is at the California, having arrived
yesterday from Honolulu.
AVY O. Manson, a mining . engineer of
Denver, who Is In the employ of the Gug
genheim syndicate and has been inspect
ing properties at Tonopah, is at the Pal
ace.
Willnrd T. Barton of New York is In
this dt.v. He came across the continent
to attend 'the midsummer high Jinks of
the Bohemian Club.
Lieutenant Betton-Foster of the English
army, who has been stationed at Peking,
arrived from the Orient yesterday and is.
stopping at. the Grand.
A. Robinson, a wealthy planter of Hono
lulu, arvf family arrived from the islands
yesterday and are registered at the Occi
dental.
Mose Gunst, who has been abroad for
several months for his health, left Ger
many yesterday for hls # home in this city.
B. W. Paxton. a banker of Santa Rosa,
and wife are visiting the city for a few
days and are registered at" the Palace.
Dr. Heintz of Redding is at the Palace.
Dr. Arthur H. Wels of New Orleans is
at the Grand..
Dr. D. E. Blackman and wife of Pes
cadero are -at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. W. R. T. McLean of lx>s
Angeles are at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. J. W. Robertson of LJv
ermore are at the California.
J. W. Forgeus, an attorney of Santa
Cruz, in registered at the California.
Samuel M. Shoj-trldge, the well known
attorney, returned yesterday from a two
weeks' visit to Southern Mexico.
Colonel Alex G. Hawes was among the
passengers from Hon&lulu that arrived on
the steamship Siberia yesterday.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Herman Epplnger went to the office of
Chickering & Gregory on this summons
and gave to Bowles and McNear two or
ders for grain In the Pacific Coast ware
houses to cover their loans. Herman
Eppinger went to his office and brought
in as additional security notes amounting
to $3068 04. *
Bowles was asked' how he was led to
inquire into the affairs of Eppinger &
Co. His response was that It was through
business prudence.
Jacob Eppinger was present when the
foregoing testimony- was given, but he
was not called upon to testify. The hear
ing will be continued on Monday next at
10 o'clock. -3S5SG
A. O. Platt. the expert accountant em
ployed by the receiver of Eppinger & Co.
to investigate the books, testified that the
sums drawn out and not entered upon the
books amounted to $234,000. There had
not been a trial balance of the books of
Eppinger & Co. in many years.
P. E. Bowles, manager of the American
National Bank, testified that he grew
fearful concerning the affairs of the Ep
plngers In May, and on the second day of
May, sent Inspector Bunker to the ware
houses of the Pacific Coast "Warehouse
Company at Crockett to get a report con
cerning the grain' in warehouses. From
Bunker it was learned that there was a
discrepancy In both the quantity and the
quality of grain in storage. Then Bowles
sent for Herman Eppinger and demanded
that the* Eppingers should take up their
loans. These amounted to $62,000. Her
man Eppinger said that Jacob Eppinger
attended to that branch of the business
and he promised to send Jacob to Bowles.
"When Jacob came he said he wanted ten
days* time In which to raise the money,
and represented that aa a ship was due
to sail in ten days the firm would then
come into the money necessary to make
the payments demanded.
This proposition did ¦ not meet
with the approval of Bowlea. He
went to the office . of Chickerinsr
& Gregory, attorneys, and was accom
panied by*George P. McXear, a nephew
of*G. W. McNear. The attorneys advised
Bowles to call op Eppinger & Co. by tele
phone and Bowles followed this advice.
According to Mitchell's testimony Jacob
Eppinger tore checks from the firm's
checkbook without making any entry on
the stub to indicate that fact. This was
Jacob's practice during eight or nine
years. When the checks came back from
the bank Joe Eppinger tore them up. Thl3
happened about twice per month on the
average. The only way that the books
could be made to balance was by taking
the balances of the bank and putting in
wrong figures at the bottom of the col
umn.
The taking of testimony concerning: the
business transactions of Eppinger & Co.
was resumed yesterday before Milton J.
Green, receiver in bankruptcy. The most
interesting statements made under oath
were by Frank Mitchell, the bookkeeper
of the firm, and Expert Accountant
Platt. -:l'--
Eppinger Hearing Dis
closes How Short
age Was Created.
Import— From Bosnia. 1.001.549 pounds at
$fl 5f>: Servia 63C.9S7 pounds at $8 60; Austria.
430, 7S9 pounds at 87 30: Roumania. 322.5.12
pounds at *<". 50; European Turkey, - 41,446
pounds at $7 31; Bulgaria. 24.691 pounds at
$7.31; Italy. 6172 pounds at $7 31; Ger
many, . 440 pounds ' at $7 31; Great
Britain. 440 pounds at $7 31: United States,
220 pound? at $7 31 : Switzerland. 220 pounds
at $7 31; France. 220 pounds at $7 31; British
North America. 220 pounds at $7 31; Trieste,
port. 220 pounds at $7 31. -Total, .2.494.816
pounds.
Export— To Austria. 4,017,662 pounds at
$7 71: Germany. 179,895 pounds at $7 71; Bos
nia. 27.098 pounds at $7 71; Italy. 10.341
pounds at $7 71; United States. 2425 pounds at
$7 71- Switzerland 220 pounds at $7 71: Rou
mania 220 pounds at $7 71; Egypt. 220 'pounds
at 17 71. Total. 4.239,001 pounds.
I Consul -Chester submits the following
detailed table of Hungary's walnut trade
in 1901:
Hungary's export of walnuts is usually
much larger than the import; on the other
hand consul Chester says that Hungary
is a. good market for almonds and hazel
nuts,, the import of each of which ex
ceeded the export in 1901 by about 1.000,000
pounds. Of this heavy import it will bo
interesting to state that 221 pounds of al
monds came to Hungary from Cuba or
Porto Rico, classed as "Southern fruit."
and C61% pounds of hazelnuts came from
Brazil as.' "Fresh fruit."
United States Consul Chester In his re
port says that walnuts are not sold be
fore the crop Is ready for delivery, begin
ning about October 15, at which time only
are prices quotable.
The walnut crop at Hungary is expected
to be a good one. The home crop gen
erally amounts to anywhere between 150
and 220 carloads of 10,000 kilos, or ten
tons each. Payments are usually cash
against bills of lading, and delivery takes
place as determined by seller from the
place of production any time up to No
vember 10.
HTTNGARY'S WALNUT TRADE.
Crowninshield estimates that the price
will be about $2 75 per box free on board.
The rates of freight may be taken at lOd
per box by the ordinary steamers. and Is
per box by the faster ones, as against
Is 'and Is 4d respectively last year. \
As for walnuts, it was too early at the
lime the report was sent out to form any
definite Idea as to the prospects for the
new crop. The new trees," however, have
given by their blossoming every indication
that tb«»r*> will be a good average crop,
providing that the weather conditions are
favorable up to October, when the ship
ping season begins.
Important reports have Just' been re
ceived by the State Horticultural Society
from C.vS. Crowninshield. United States
Commercial Agent at Castellamare dt
Stabia, Italy, and Frank Dwyer Chester,
United States Consul. at Budapest, Hun
gary, anent the lemon and walnut produc
tion for the summer in Italy and the wal
nut production in Hungary.
CrOwninshield reports that this sum
mer's croo of lemons In Italy will be a
good average one, and while larger than
that of last^year, the leaves some
thing, to be desired as regards size and
appearance. The quality, he says, not
being up to the usual standard for keep
ing, will not permit of . more than one
half being . shipped to places like the
United Stales, where a long voyage Is
necessary. CrowninA^ield thinks, there
fore, that it. is quite probable that the
shipments of lemons to America will fall
short of the usual amount. He judges
that the yield will be about 90,000 boxes,
of which only one-third will be available
for shipment to the United States. The
remainder- will be disposed of In Euro
pean'markets. Though the quality of the
lemons is somewhat below the average
the portions shipped to America will be
specially selected and of the usual grade.
ITALY'S LEMON MARKET.
The County Committee Democratic Club
of the Forty-fifth Assembly District met
last night and Indorsed Franklin K. Lane
for Mayor, Washington 4 Dodge for As
sessor and Edmond Godchaux for Record
er, 'i The r following delegates were nom
inated to be voted for at the coming pri
mary-election: V;
. ¦ Thomas Foley.- David Capuno. Paul Vlautln.
Giovanni Bactgalupi. Mario Forno, David Sulli
van Michael T. Rellly. j He»«ry^ L. .Glmmel,
Frederick Robinson, William O. . Hantonovlch.
Frederick C. Bod#n. ! Thomas N. ¦ D&vles, : Adolf
Oustava Trost, - Harry Slml. James H- Tracy.
Delegatea at large— Joseph; L. Valente and
Walter. Demartlnl. • -¦•¦' '.'>¦,'
The Thirty-first Assembly District Dem
ocratic Club has nominated-the following
named for delegates to the convention:
Thomas F. Gavan, David - W. Atkinson.
James Derby, James M.: Hanley, Frank Dal
mas James - Mooney. Hammond Zimmerman,
Otto'* Olsen William R. O'Leary. Thomas
Floyd Henry Goecken , Thomas Casey. Thomas
8 Alf'ord. Frank Dougherty. William J. Fallon,
James N. Dunning. Michael Toohig, Thomas F.
Barry John ¦ H. O'Brien,- D. J. -Lally, Frank
Creem. John Consldlne Jr. ' and George W.
Schneider. . '.**;?' -
¦ The club was addressed by Joseph Slye,
Albert P. Wheelan and Carl Westerfeld.
.' The County Committee Democratic
Club of the Twenty-eighth Assembly Dis
trict has selected the following delegates
to be voted for at the primary election on
August 11:
i Eugene lO Lacy. George W. Murray. M.
Heaney. A. Nelson. John Kane, R. Russell, W.
.!. Rennick, James Garrlgan. - P. Farley. W.
Burke James Sullivan. L. Valentine, G. Han
non T. O'Brien, Daniel Qulnn. John J. ¦ Mc-
Carthy, M."J. r Brown. EdCoegrove and James
Kenney. ,
Francis B. Kane, James F. Ford, Fred P.
Wehe Dr, D. H. Stone, Albert P. Wheelan,
p v J ' Mogan, , Carl . Westerfeld. F. J. . Franey,
Edward Lydon. Charles P. Meaau. D. Mahoney,
W'-F. Wedemeyer, Joseph W. Cooney. S. Gold
stone D. J. A, O'Keefe, Joseph. Slye. John
Toom'ey, J. J. Cullen,,Fred Schutte and Joseph
J. Kennedy. . .. ¦ • '. ..* . ' " .
i DEMOCRATIC CLUBS.
Th/ County Committee Democratic Club
of the Forty-second Assembly District
met in Saratoga Hall last night to select
its delegates' to the county convention.
The following members of the club were
chosen: ,
The Independent Republican Club of
the Thirty-ninth Assembly District, Ed
win ' T. McMurray president, met last
night and adopted a resolution against
affiliation with the United Republican
League. Next Monday evening the club
will-nominate delegates to the local con
vention.
Stirring speeches were made by Jesse
E. Marks, Major C. M. Olds. E. P. Read.
Hugo Newhouse, Hon. L. H. . Susman, J.
Dumbrell, Mr. Dlckhoff, Morris Falk and
many others.— The meeting adjourned un
til next Tuesday night. . .
The United Republican League Club of
the Forty-fourth Assembly District will
meet this evening at. Red Men's Hall. 320
Post street, to nominate .twenty-two del
egates to the local convention of the
party. J. G. Boyne is president of the
club.
The Independent Republican Club of the
Fortieth Assembly District held a large
and enthusiastic meeting at its headquar
ters, 1733 Fillmore' street, last night, Dr.
C. V. Cross presiding and A. N. Jackson
acting j as ' secretary. \ Regular routine
business was transacted, the campaign
committee reporting that each and every
precinct was being rapidly organized.
The executive committee reported that it
had eighty-one names. from which to can
vass and select the twenty-two delegates
to be voted' for at the coming primary
election. ¦ ' v'vl'^."?i*--;
A meeting "tif .the Independent Republi
can Club of the Thirty-fourth District
was held last nipht at Duveneck's Hall,
Twenty-fourth and "Church streets, for
the purpose of organizing and nominating
delegates to the convention. J. M. New
bert, the r president, was . in the chair.
Speeches were made, calling upon the
members to continue: their enthusiasm and
to go on working together harmoniously
and with a will- for. the cause. The fol
lowing is a list of the delegates nomina
ted:
H. P. Coles, Dr. J. H. Soper, Otto Meth
mann, G. H. Bachelder. Geor-e F. Albert!,'
J. M. Newbert, Robert Ash. Hugo Schmidt.
Fred Jantzen. Oeorge E.' Kammerer. L. Hack
ett A. O. Brown. 8. A. Leslie, Davll Hughes,
A. *S. Grotb and M. D. Proul.
The contest for possession of the Re
publican works In the Forty-first Assem
bly District has developed considerable
strategy. The combination effected In the
district^ between the Republican C(ub,
represented by Judge Dibble, George
Walker and A. K. Daggett, and the lead
ing members of the old Horace Davis
Club, represented by Sheldon G. Kellogg,
Colonel Currier and C. A. Murdock, acting
with the sanction of Mr. Davis, has cre
ated a certain degree of consternation in
the United Republican Club, of which L.
S. Beedy.is president, and In which Mr.
Son, representing Abe Ruef, and Lester
Burnett are the leading spirits. It is now
reported that in order to break the force
of the combination between the Dibble-
WalkeriDaggett club and the Davls-Kel
logg-Murdock people, the United Republi
cans will put some of the same men from
the Horace Davis Club on their ticket.
It is reported, however, that Kellogg
and his friends eay that while they can
not prevent and will . not try 1^*- prevent
their names being put on the other ticket,
they intend to loyally support the ticket
of the Regular Republican Club. They
say that they entered Into the alliance aa
a matter of principle: that they j favor
home rule. in the district. and are. against
the^nomlnation of Mayor Schmitz by. the
Republican convention. .
Whether the United Republicans will
take them ori the ticket under these cir
cumstances remains to be seen.
STRATEGY IN FORTY-FIRST.
The meeting, which waS attended by
the organization committee of the United
Republican. League, was addressed by A.
Ruef, Henry Ach. John C. Lynch and
Thomas Westerly of. that committee and
by George H. Bahrs, E. S. Solomons, Al
exander Campbell, M. M. Miller, J. G.
Boyne and I. J. Truman.
' The Republican Primary League Indorsee the
work of . the United Republican league In Its
efforts to secure a united party in thejnAfcrest
of good government, a conservative anononest
administration and for a new and better San
Francisco, and this general committee of the
Primary League pledges the earnest : support
of our entire organisation to the United Repub
lican fceague tickets for delegates 'at the en
suing primary election; and cans upon all our
members to co-operate actively for their suc
cess. . - . - . • .
And we hereby ratify and approve the
action of our board Of directors In lending th«
aid and .support of our organization to . the
United Republican League.
At a meeting of over 300 members of the
executive committee of the Republican
Primary League held in Union Square
Hall last night the entire organization
was pledged to the support of the United
Republican League in the coming cam
paign. The following sresolutlon, intro
duced by J. G. Boyne, was' passed unani
mously, by the representatives of the ex
ecutive committee:: \
DOCTORS BOOKS
TO COVER FRAUD
Ed P. Brock, cashier, declined to reply
to the accusations of Worthlngton, say
ing: "Our investments did not turn out
as well as we expected. '
The posting of the notice caused con
siderable excitement in the town, as tha
deposits of the institution are large. The
bank examiners have been workins: on
tha books of the institution for two days
past, but no statement has been issued
either by them or the officers of the bank.
George P. Beck Is cashier of the bank.
The capital of the bank was $106,000 and
the last report to the Comptroller showed:
Surplus and profits. $131,780; deposits, over
$1,000,000; loans and discounts and stock
and securities, $1,031,360.
The bank is one of the oldest in the
State.. Its president is Henry Leer, a
prominent lawyer and candidate for Judge
on the Republican ticket.
"The losses," said Deputy Comptroller
Kane to-day, "will absorb the entire sur
plus and capital stock of the bank. In
other words the total loss will amount to
$215,000, and it devolves upon the directors
and stockholders to make up this de
ficiency."
Francis L. Worthington, a director, said:
''The president and cashier ran things to
suit themselves. I suppose I will lose
all through mismanagement of the offi
cers. No one suspected anything wrong.
I understand there was some speculation
—Consolidated Lake Superior, I believe—
and in that stock most of the money may
have been sunk." .-
WASHINGTON, July 3O.-The Doyles
town National Bank of Doylestown, Pa.,
has been closed by the Comptroller of the
Currency. Bank Examiner J. W. Scho
fleld has been appointed receiver. Tha
statement Issued by the Comptroller of the
Currency says that the failure of the
bank was brought about by speculation in
stocks on the part of the officers and a
number of customers of the bank.
.DOYLESTOWN, Pa., July 30.— The fol
lowing notice was posted on the door of
the Doyleatown National Bank to-day:
This bank closed and In hands of the Comp
troller of the Currency.
. T. P. KANE. Deputy Comptroller.
J. W. SCHOFIELD. Examiner.
Democrats Indorse Franklin
K. Lane, Dr. Dodge and
Edmond Godchaux.
Hungary Expects Good Home
Crop of Walnuts by
October. .
Comptroller of the Currency
Orders a Suspension of
Business.
Meeting of the Primary
. League Executive
Committee.
Speculation Wrecks a
Pennsylvania Finan
cial Concern.
Official Information on
Production Is Just
at Hand. ; ...
CLUBS NOMINATE
CITY DELEGATES
ITALY'S LEMONS
BELOW AVERAGE
NATIONAL BANK'S
DOORS CLOSED
THE, SAN FRAKGISCO CALL., FRIDAY, JULY. 31, 1903.
13
FRAMING BBYSOX PICTURES
THE "LADY IN GREEN,"
Next Sunday's Call.
. Bryson studies may be framed
with narrow frame, burnish gold
edging and raw silk mats;
colors selected to suit tones and
pictures. ' These studies admit of
a variety of styles and also make
strikingly effective posters. The
"Lady in Green" and companion
pieces to follow are undoubtedly
the swellest a«t pictures ever
issued by any newspaper In
America. ,
PERSO>ALS. '
A— FACIAL ELEMISHES REMOVED^
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
Fftailpox pitting* and ecars ecientlflcally re-
moved without cutttng.masEage.electricity or
mrdicine: epecial demonstrations this week.
<~s.li or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
WANTED — 777 ladles with scalp diseases; loss
of hair and premature graynees prevented.
<«'an treat by mail. Blank for stamp.) Con-
sultation free, 6:30 to <5: Sundays, 10 to 12.
Trcf. "GEO. A. CARLO W. Specialist, room
SX8. W7 Market «t."
1TORPHINE. opium and laudanum habits cured
et homo by a rainless home treatment: ln-
corwd ar.d used by leading phyxiciane; corre-
fpondtncf strictly confidential ; in platn.Eealed
env»!or*: <"all or write to-day. In.Jra Drug
Cure. 201 Turk st.; Bruce D. Kimmis. Mgr.
THE Ptar Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth ;stops fal!lng;curcs dandruff
and itching scalp;' no etaln or ttlckine*s;
cleanses soalp:st druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. t?tar RemedyCo..3S5Geary.
NOT how cheap, but how good. Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the pewlng-rnachlne of to-day. J.
W. EVAN'S, agent. 1021 Market st.
riTYEIClAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Putter st. : fee moderate.
PAXCTICG Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at T»-utonia Hall. Howard
et.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
«nd trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market et.
ELEGANT mits on eai-y installments: 50 cents
rnd up pr week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
- k«>t tt., between Seventh and Eighth.
EP MASON', call at 1318 Howard et.
tVlTS to order on installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & C^. mereh.tailors.727-729 Market.
ALL style* h&irdressir.?, 25c; hair goods; tnani-
rv.ri'.-.s -V. G LEDEREU. 123 Ftocktcn st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 BO; dress pants $2 5«.
Misfit Ctotttag Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
fnTERFLTOT'S hair and moles removed by
elt-ctric riddle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.llTOMarket
>!ASOl"ERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
r^untry <-r<Jers. GOLDSTEIN" & f O . 731 Mkt.
ALFRSDtnra E*r>Ttlan Henna restores pray
!i»lr to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists."
f-uperfluons hair & moles removed with elec-
irio noffie. Mrs. & Miss Katon. 1119 Batter.
VARIO0£E veins and catarrh cured at heme.
rail cr write for testimonials. Dr. WILL-
1AM? gO.. 140 Geary et.. S. F.
ROO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
.\T Mayflower: cut rates now for cummer. 308
Md et.; $5 up; also beautiful rooms $1 week.
CALIFORNIA. 1304— Sunny bay-window room
»r><l kitchen; pas stove; complete; no children.
KLXIt\ 431 A — 3 nicely furnished runny rooms
for ho-jff keeping. . . - -
HERBERT fThe) — Sunny apartment* for
pes ranges; Just newly fur-
nii-b.'d. lS-'iH Polk Et.
JESSIE. 333 — Large runny front |t>om; fur-
nished; housekeeping: g%* range; $12.
MCALLISTER, 53S— Nicely furnished runny
suite; gas range, hot bath, laundry; $11. $14.
MISSION. 1423—2 large rooms, complete for
Itouspkeeping; gas ranje; $14 per month.
PTEINER. 1327. cor. Ellis— 2 sunny rooms,
bath, pas Ftove, etc.; rer.t reasonable.
STOCKTON, 1206 — Model house, newly fur-
nished: front hskpg rooms; phone, gas. bath.
TV.'ENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores — 3 eun-
ry bay-wlr.dow rooms; furnished complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and eubiwriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore..
A BRANCH cJfice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. j
HOOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Inform.
i A A — City Room Renting Agency.
\ 1104 Market St.. cor. Turk and Market sts.,
V Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE < FREE
We locale you free of ¦ charge
la Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN. IS TT'RK ST.. 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET: 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: RATES 7Jkc A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH.
A 'jK\TiJ."J!A\ ot regular habits can secure
a sintle room or alcove suUe. sunny and
comfortably furnished, with private family,
one Mock from cable and electric car lines
and 5 minutes' walk from pant entrance*;
references. Bex 4053, Call.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25e to $1 per ulght, SI 25 to $5 per week, and
Upht housekeeping rooms; cpen all night.
AT "Tbe Aimcr.te." £73 Market st. for No. 1
Fifth *t.)— Rooms. 25e. 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 SO to $10 woek; house open all night.
ANTLEK5. 415 Turk — 3, 4 and S room apart-
ments for hkpg. ; strictly mod. ; elec. elevator.
A LARGE furnished room fcr 1 or 2 gents;
bath; running water; references. 8S3 Post st.
El'KNFTT. 1426 Market— (old No. 13C4)— Fur-
rifhed rooms. eultc-.s. single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furalfhed sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY. L'l r~Lc; ?•> runny front rooms; running
water: housekeeping ; also single.
ELLIS, bO3— Large, newly furnished: gas,
bath, hot ar.d cold water; $10; g»-nts only.
F1LLM0RU, 1720 — Larpe tur.ny furnished room
lor 1 cr 2 gfci.ti'-nvn; lj&ih.
FOLSOM. 10u7fc— Small room in private fam-
ily, suitable for working girl. $4 pet month.
GRA.VD Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms OOc
to $1 ZiO night; t2 to St; wtek; reading-room.
HOTEL GRA YSTOXE
66 Geary ft.; ihone Bush SSU.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
MASON. 217 — N'eatiy furn. room*: quiet: re-
spectable; board optional. Tel. Howard 2f.»6.
MINNA. 32S. b*t. Fourth and Fifth— Newly fur-
. niehed rooms, cheap; Spanish family. All day.
OTARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms an<i
olfices; elevator; ttoc. lights; day. week, mo.
I'IN'E. 1^23 — Pleasant sunny nxrni; nic*'.y fur-
nished; suitable for gentleman; run. water.
IIOYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
rc-adirB-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, :i5c to II .V>; w*-ek. fl
to $S: month. $* to 53u: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
TO LET— A nftiiy furnLshed front bay-window
room in new modem flat with use of bath;
jr. minutes from Third and Marltet Et«. ; north
hide of Market; handy to 3 car lines; must
have references. Box 13. Call office.
TURK, 416, Regina — Beautiful sunny ruiu-a &
single ; latest impts.; lowest rat«?s in the city.
VNITED STATES. 123 E<5dy St., near Market
400 ringle arsd family room*; 3oc to $1
nijrht: $1 73 to $6 week; elevator: electric
lights: reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN N'ESS ave., 519 — Renovated; handsome
sunny furnished suites front rms. ; mod. conv.
WINCHESTER Hotel. *4 3d St.. near Markf-t —
Most convenirnt and respectable: 700 rooms;
:;5c to $1 50 night; $2 to S8 week; elevator;
flee, ltents; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisemeata and robscription*
received at Ctll branch office. 2200 Fillmor*.
A DRAICCH office for Call advertisements and
s.ubt,criM»ons has been established at 10»6
Valencia ft.
HOOMS AM* BOABD.
AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
euite cr tingle; billiards; steam heat.
VAN NESS. 1714 — Select private boardir.g-
house: room* tingle or en suite; desirable lo-
cation ; all conveniences of home.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex. S07 California st. — Attractive in-
f-rior; exceptional table; free billiard-room.
THK JOHNSON^ 005 O'Farrell st.— Sunny
fuitm and slnrle rooms, with board; refs.
STORAGE: A\D WARCHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods rtored. moved, shipped. 725.
731 Howard tt-, near Third; phone Grant 101.
VI ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Poet and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission et.; tel. Howard 841. F. XV. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Filrniture Moving Com-
pany. '2XJf> rilimorc et.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Surace Co. 11 Moptgomery
st. : tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
TVPEWmTCHS^AJVD SUPPLIES.
CIIKAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRrfERS-^W^
m>H better machines for less money than any
house tn the city; rental* $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 26G.
A FEW s^>od typewriters at S30 each: net par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
romrry at.
7D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Wcuur Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 Eansome.
REAL_^STAT1B : --CITT--^
$4500— 10- ROOM house Mission.
House for investment... $2000
New. modern home ...$7500
Klepant home, furnished, near Glen -
P*«"k $6000
Other bargains see • \
" . MOSSMAN. 850 Marltet et. •
$1500— PAYMENT on 2 new flat* at 3435 Mis-
sion et.; will pay 20 per cent on investment;
2 new flats on Army St., tear Mission, and
many others that will pa.7 big Interest. D.
COFFIN & CO.. 3S03 Mission St.
THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COM-
PANY, B11-S12 Callaghan building, will buy
ycu a lot and build S'ou a house: small cash
payment ; ?8 per month pays principal and
interest on each 51000 of balance due.
WHOLE block of houses Just started near the
Park on Carl, Cole.Shrader & Parnassus ove.;
plans, terms, prices to eult; apply premises.
JAMES ROfNTREE & CO.. 137 Carl Bt. •
FOR sale — At a bargain, 2 flats in excellent
condition In choice part of city: no triflers.
Inquire 641 Baker st. .
NEAT cottage, 4 rooms, modern Improvements;
terms same as rent. Apply owner, lumber
yard, SE. cor. Alabama and Montcalm sts.
NEW houses and flats on Second ave. and C
pt. for sale on easy payments; one block to
McAllister cars; prices to suit you; open.
FOR sale — House 8 rms.; high basement; sunny
side 1!U h. bet. Valencia & Mission : no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. 221 Powell.
A sacrifice — 2 artistic houses. 7 rooms and bath,
Ir.Kierld*. lot rOxlQQ. Call 51-53 McAllister st.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
MAPS and information of San Rafael, Ross
and Mill valleys and Marin County of
CROKKR ft CO., real estate agents. 137
Montgomery pt. ¦ '
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
REAL estate exchange a specialty; free printed
list. Pacific Coast Exchange Bureau, S50
MarketVt.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAi/eSTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2850; lot 75x125.
I-.'lce 5-room cottage and bath. '¦'¦;.'"
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1461. 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$4000—1507 PRINCE St.. near Santa Fe R. R.;
large 8- room house; high basement; sta-
ble: cow barn; 7 houses for chickens; lot
160x135; street work complete; call and
W. C. MORAN & CO..
2131 Shattuek ave.. Berkeley.
$1600— HANDSOME, well-built 5-room home;
high basement ; nice lot : close to cars ; $100
cash balance $15 per month. W. C. MO-
RAN. Lorln station. C C. EMSLIE. Ashby.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
LOTS 50x125 at the station on graded streets;
beautiful trees; charming views; prices very
low; only $S to $12 a front foot; terms, 10
per -cent cash, balance $10 monthly: will
double in value; don't fall to see them; over
SO lots sold recently; money advanced for
building purposes; send for Illustrated book-
let; agent on the ground Sundays.
LTO.V & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OESTCE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKUM) REAL ESTATE.
$3000 — FORCED sale under mortgage; posi-
tively muft be sold at once; 10 rooms; lot
36x115; runny frontare; close to achool,
churches and local train: Poplar st.; cen-
tral; very desirable neighborhood; cost
present owner over $4100.
$3000 — Nearly new modern colonial cottage of
6 rooms, high basement, brick foundation,
porcelain bath, sanitary plumbing; all in
fine condition: lot Ii0xl40 (note the sise);
street work all done; stone sidewalks laid;
optn lawn; choice residence location, near
Grove St.: fine barn, gravel driveway,
garden and & few fruit trees; must be
sold; owner away; cannot be duplicated at
the price; must be seen to be appreciated;
terms of payment if desired.
$100 down, balance like rent: new colonial
house of 6 rooms and bath; Just com-
pleted; open lawn In front; 3 feet above
street rrade; Merrimac or 28th st., near
Grove.
Eend for new printed S-page catalogue.
GEORGE W. AU3TIN.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
cisco, for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnl-
ture. H. Scheilhaas. 11th st. cor, store. Oaklnd
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE to Contractors — Pursuant to an order
of the Board of Trustees of the State Nor-
mal School of San Diego. California, notice
is hereby given that sealed proposals will be
received by said board until 2 o'clock p. m.
of August S. 1003, for furnishing the me
terlaia and performing the labor necessary for
the erection and completion of the west wing
of the San Diego State Normal School build- ,
Ing. Separate proposals will be received and
*•< i a rate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor nec«tt-
tary for each of the following parts of said
west wins, to wit: 1— For masonry work.
including all brick, concrete and cement
work, and all necessary excavating and fill-
ing. 2 — For the iron work. 3 — For the car-
pentor, plastering, electric and glazing work.
4 Fcr the plumbing and gasntting work. 5—
For the ete&m heating and ventilating work.
Including the equipping of the central por-
tion and the east wing of the building there-
with. C — For the tinning and galvanized
iron work. 7— For the painting and varnish-
ins work. No proposal will be considered
unle£& accompanied by a bond of the pro-
poser euual to ten per cent of his proposal,
with sufficient sureties, conditioned that if
his DroDosal shall be accepted he will duly
enter Into a proper contract and faithfully
perform his or their contract or contracts In
accordance with eaid proposal. Each propo-
sal must be made * on blanks furnished for
that purpose, and, together with the at»ov»-
ruentioii«d bond, enclosed In a sealed enve-
lope, addressed »to the Trustees of the State
Normal Ecnool of San Diego, California, with
an indorsement thereon showing what por-
tion of the building Is covered by t»ve In-
closed orouosal. and delivered to the Board
of Trustees of the State Normal School oi
Han Diego at the office of the school in tha
Btafa* .Normal School building at San Diego,
California, before 2 o'clock p.- m. of August
8. 1SHKJ. Said proposals will be publicly
opened and contracts based thereon will b«
awarded on August 8. UK)3. at 2 o'clock
p. m.. at the office of the school in tha Eut*
Normal School building at San Diego, Cali-
lornia. The plans, descriptions, bills and
epeclflcatlors for said west wing will' be
open to public Inspection during all buslneoa
hour* at the office of Hebbard & Gill, archi-
tect*. <;r«r.t building. 103U Fifth «t.. Ban
Diego, California, from the date of this no-
tice to the making of such contracts. | Tha
Board of Trustees reserves the right to re-
ject any cr all proposals made. State Nor-
mal School of San Dlero. California, by it.
M. POWERS, President Board of Trustee*.
Attest: FRED W. PARRISH. Secretary.
Dated at Baa Diego. California, tbix 20th day
of June. li»03.
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted— Notice is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received
by the Board of Directors of the Veterans'
Home of California at room 13, 320 Sansom*
st., San Francisco. Cal.. up to 3:30 p. m.
on MONDAY, August 10, 1903, for furnishing
uniform coats, pants and blouses for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. <R. R. sta-
tion. Yountville), for six months, ending De-
cember 31, 1903. Preference will be given to
goods manufactured in this State, price.
. fitness ana quality being equal, - under the
provision* of sec 3247 of the Political Code.
Bach bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amoutft of his bid, payable to
C. Mason Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that
the bidder will enter Into a good and valid
contract upon notice of acceotance, as re-
quired by law. The board reserves th* right
to reject any or all bids and to order any
quantity over cr under the amount specified.
Address John F. Sbeehan secretary of the
Board of Directors of the Veterans' Horn* of
California, room 13, 320 Smsome St.. Saa
Francisco, Cal. By order of the Board ... of
Directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN, .Sec
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., July 31. 1903— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m.. August 31. 1903, and
then opened for repainting, plastering, kalso-
mining, tinning, shingling and repairing at
the general hospital at the Presidio of Ban
Francisco, Cal., Government reserves right to
• reject or accept any or all bids In wholeor in
part. Information furnished on application
to J. McE. HYDE. Deputy Quartermaster
General. Chief Q. M. Dept. of California. .
REAL ESTATE— Coon try— For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market st. ' .: • •
.SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE following children have been received at
the San Francisco Nursery ' for ¦ Homeless
Children. 1534 Mission St., since last publica-
tion of same: Albert Halght. half orphan,
age 7 years; Martha Blcbe. half orphan, age
10 years: Robert Siebe. half orphan' age 8
years: Flora Siebe. half orphan age 6 years.
HARRIET W. MANNING. Secretary.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In BARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter tt.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING. ,
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
MARRIAGE LICEFGES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
George W. Williams, 28, Winters, and Mary
E. Met ten. 18, 157 Marshall street.
' Harry Lindner, 21, 951 Butter street, and
Vera dt Vecchto. IS. 051 Butter street.
Augustin C. Martin. 21. 1926 Steiner street,
and Alice E. Lowrle, 18, 227 Golden Gate ave.
John T. E. Smyth, 21,- 1002 Ellis street, and
Anna A. Love, 21, 27 Ford street.
Albert Schmidt. 25. city, and' Louise' Golly,
25. oily. )
William Stevens, 27, 620 Folsom street, and
Jeanne Garamont, 24, 66 Minna street.
Peter Hargadon, 36, city, and Susan Mc-
Cabe, 28, city. • *
Clarence E. Flnney. 28. B27 Clement street,
and Mae D. Bernell. 28, Fan Jose. i '
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices »*nt by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DOYLE— In this city, July 27. 1903. to the
wife of David I. Doyle <nee Sullivan), &
son. '
HELM— In Alameda, July 25. 1903, to the
wife of Lucicn E. Helm, a son.
SJOSTEN— In this city, July 8, 1903. to the
wife of Axel II. SJosten, a daughter.
WARE— In South San Francfsco. July 27, 1003,
to the wife of C. E. Ware (formerly Camellia
A. GUmore), a son.
WHITE — In South San Francisco, July 25,
liHtt. to U:e wife of James J. White, a
daughter.
ZADIELOVICH— In this city. July 29, 1903,~to
the wife' of Michael Zadlelovich, a daughter.
MARRIEr.
6CHRADER— PISCHEL— In this city, July 29,
infl.3, by th« Rev. George Guth. Hermann
Schrader and Adeheld Pischel, both of San
Francisco.' .
~~~^ DIED.
Barth, Richard Henrioulle. Elizabeth
Birch. James T. Horton, William
Bcaehen, Sister Mary ""Joseph, Anita
Hoyd. John H. McGee. Patrick
Brier, Martha A. Mcllwaine. Jose
Brown. Fannie K. McLaughlln, Edward
Callan. John Marich. Splro
Covlngton. Laura M. Meagher, Thomas
Crotsley, John H. Moreau. Constance
Dally. Catharine Peyser,- Morris
Davis, George W. Poole, Edward V.
Doyle, David A. Splnetti. John
Foley, Elizabeth Vortick, John J.
Foss, Hazel Waterman, Mary F.
Glassford, Nancy % Wickstrom. Elisabeth
Goldman, Christian Witbeck. Bertram
BARTH— In this city, July 29, 1903, Richard
Barth. a native of Germany, aged 61 years.
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock," from the parlors
of H. F.'Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
BIRCH— In St. Louis, Mo.. July IS, 1903,
James T. Birch, eon of the late Weston F.
Birch, and brother of the late Mrs. C. J. B.
Woodworth, wife of the Rev. James Wood-
worth of San Francisco, a native of Fayette,
Mo., aged 73 years.
BOSCHEN— In San Rafael, July 30, 1903, Sis-
ter Mary Aloyslus Boechen of the Dominican
Convent, a native of New York, aged 31
years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
July 31. A requiem mass will be. celebrated
at St. Catherine'! Chapel at 0 o'clock for the
repose of her soul. The remains will then be
shipped to Benicia on the 3:30 o'clock train,
and a solemn requiem mass will be Cele-
brated at Bentcia on Saturday, at 9:30
o'clock. Interment ot Benicia.
BOYD — In this city. July 28. 1903. John H..>
beloved husband of Klizabeth Boyd, and
father of David J., J. H. Jr., George and
Elizabeth Boyd, Mrs. George S. McKay, Mrs.
Ella Cook and the late William Boyd. a na- {
tive of County Armagh, Ireland, aged 55
years 11 months and "8 days.
E7The funeral will take place to-day
.(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 630 gan Bruno avenue, between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth streets. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
BRIER— In Oakland. July 29. 1903., Martha
Annette, eldest daughter of Columbus and
Catharine N. Brier, and sister of Rose,.
Charles N. and Elizabeth Naylor Brier, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
CTFuneral services to-day (Friday), at 2
o'clock, at the residence of her parents, 322
Charter street, Oakland, Cal. Interment pri-
vate.
BROWN— In this city. July 29, 1903. Fannie
K. f beloved wife of Lemonte Brown, and
daughter ot Mr. and Mrs. Henry Klngdou of
Scales, Cal., a native of California, aged 35
years S months and 29 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited. to attend the funeral services
Saturday, August 1, l!*03, at 2 o'clock, at the
parlors of Albert Brown, 570 Thirteenth
street, Oakland.
CALLAN— In Honolulu. July 9. 1903, John
Callan, a native of Boston, aged 50 years.
COVINGTON— In this city, July 30, 1903,
li Laura M. Coving ton. a native of Ohio.
Ky Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral August 1,
1WU.1, at 11 o'clock, from her !ate residence,
3190 Twenty-foiyth street. Interment pri-
vate. Mountain View Cemetery.
CROSSLEY— In this city, July 29, 1903, John
Harold, ¦ dearly beloved son of John F. and
Agnes Crosaley, grandson of Thomas Edgar
and Mrs. T. Crossley, and beloved nephew of
John and Florence Edgar, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 years ll months and 14
days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 1 o'clock, at the residence
of his parents. .04 Hartford street, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth, Castro and Noe.
Interment Holy Croes Cemetery.
DAILY— In this city. July 30, 1903. Catharine,
beloved mother of William, John and Joseph
Daily, a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
.. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from 358 Uran-
nan •treet,' thence to St. Rose's Church at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAVIS— In San Bernardino, Cal., July 29,
1903, George W., beloved son of George A. J.
and Maria C. Davis of (179 Walsworth ave-
nue, Oakland, and brother of Farnetta M,
Davis, a native of Illinois, aged 33 years.
DOYLE— In this city, July 30, 1903. David
Aloyslus, beloved son of David I. and Kath-
erlne M. Doyle, aged 4 days.
FOLEY — In this city, July 30. 1903, Elizabeth,
beloved daughter of James and Lizzie Foley,
and graitdchild of Mr. and Mrs. J. Foley and
Mrs. K. Storer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 month and 3 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, August 1, 1003, at 10 o'clock, at
the residence of her parents, 1009 Broadway.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FOSS— In this city. July 29. 1903, Hazel,
youngest and beloved daughter of Frank and
Mary Foss. and sinter of Katharine, Edwin,
Gertrude, Alice. Frank and Clara Foes, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 10
months and 11 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
July 31, at 1:30 o'clock, from the
¦ of her parents, 3 Enterprise street, off I-'ol-
' »om, near Sixteenth. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
GLASSFORD — In this city. July 29, 1»OC,
Nancy Glassford, dearly beloved mother of
Mrs. Hazel King and, Mrs. Ina Josephi.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
I NEAREST^ THEjCITY^"^;
\ OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST. •»
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan ft Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER8.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. *
Telephone Bouth SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers-^— —
-Formerly in Metropolitan Temple. ¦• ¦
Now at 86«i MISSION. Tel. South 167, •
Between Fourth and Fifth, Ntar Fifth St
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
I James McGinn. ¦ 'Henry • Uansen. ¦
-. james McGinn ft co./: I
Formerly "With McGinn Bros., I
——Funeral Director* and ."mbalmen — — I
214 Eddy «L ; Tel. South 078. . • - I
K7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
enapel of Julius S. Godeau. 306 Montgomery
avenue, thence to Greek Church for service*.
Interment Servian Cemetery.".
MEAGHER— In this city, July 29, 1903.
Thomas, beloved brother of William J.
Meagher and the late John F. and Michael
Meagher, a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land, aged 66 years. A member of Veteran
Firemen's Association of San Francisco. •
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of J6hn O'Kane. 131 Halght street,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a ebl-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repof>e of his soul at 0 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Crosa Cemetery: by 11 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
MOREAU— In this city, July 30. 1903, Con-
stance Moreau," a native of France, aged 54
years.
PEYSER— In this city. July 29, 1003. Morris
Peyser, a native of England, aged 44 years.
POOLE— In this city, July 29, 1903, Edward
V. Poole, a native of Brooklyn, N. Y., aged
68 years. •
ICTFriends and acquaintances are rcspect-
' fully invited to attend the' funeral to-day
? Friday), at 2 o'clock, from" the parlors of
II. F. Suhr fc Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
SPINETTI— In Walnut Grove. July 27, 1903,
John Splnetti, dearly beloved son of Mary
and the late- John Splnetti. and beloved
brother of Lyna, Ernest and Irene . Splnetti, a
native of Jackson, Amador County, aged 2»
years 7 months and It* days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
August 1, 1003, at 9:13 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1875 Union street, thence to Sts.
Peter and Paul's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass -will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul,' commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
VORTICK — In this city, July 27, fl903. John
J. Vortick. a native of New York, aged 22
years 1 month I and 7. days. '
' cyNotlce of funeral Saturday.
WATERMAN— In this city, July 30. 1903. Mary
Frances . Waterman, beloved daughter of
Oeorge Waterman, and sister of William.
George and- Lizzie Waterman, a native of
San Francisco, aged 23 years and 4 months.
C^Notiee of funeral hereafter.
WICKSTROM— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. July 30, 1903. Ellrabeth Wick«trom, a
native of England, aged 41 years.
WITBECK— Irt this city, July 2It, 1903. Bet-
tram William, dearly beloved son of Charles
W. and Mary Wltbeck, and brother of
Charlie, Hattie, George, Jcseph and Barbara
Wltbeck, a native of San Francisco, aged 12
years 3 months and 13 days.
E7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to»day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 226 San Carlos avenue. Interment
Holy Cro?s Cemetery.
IE?" The funeral will take ..place Saturday,
August 1, at 2 o'clock, from Clark & Booth's
•¦undertaking; parlors, 1010 Fourth •treet, Sac-
ramento, Cal. , . .-
HENRIOULLE— In this city, -July SO. 1903,
Elizabeth Victoria Henrtoulle. dearly' beloved
daughter of John B. and Mary A. Henrioulle,
beloved sister of the late Louis"; Joseph Hen-
rioulle, and niece of Gre*oire,of this city,
Louis J. of San^Mateo and the late Gustave
Henrioulle of tms city, the late Mrs. E.
Baccus of Mountain View, Mrs. Juliana
Wuahl of Fresno, Cal.. and Mrs. : AugU!«t
Dtminerle of Eden Vale, Santa Clara County.
Cal.. a native of San Jose, Cal., ared-17
y«crs 11 months and 5 days.
C^Notlce ,of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the 'parlors of the parlors of the Gantner
& Guntz Undertaking Company. 1209 Mission
street, between Eighth and 'Ninth. -
HORTON — In this city, July 30, 1903, William,
beloved husband of Luclnda Hortaflfl and
father of Mr*. Alice M. Norwood and Mrs.
Hattie A. Moldrup, a native of Kentucky,
'¦ aged 67 years 10 month* and 18 days. •
JOSEPH— In Berkeley/July 30, 1903, Anita,
dearly beloved daughter of Charles A. and
Anna Joseph, and loving sister of Madeline
and Sinclaire Joseph, a native of Berkeley,
Cal., aged 1 year 0 months and 25 daya.
McGEE-=To-morrow (Saturday) morning. Au-
gust 1, at 9 o'clock, in Old St. Mary's
Church (Paullst), a month's mind mass of.
requiem will be celebrated for the repose of
the soul of .Mr. Patrick McGee. Friends arc
. .Invited. '
MclLWAINE — In Oakland. July 30. 1903, Jose
Mcllwaine, beloved hu?t>and of Margaret Mc-
llwaine. a native of Ireland, aged 69 years
1 month and 6 days. A member of Potter
Lodge No. 441, F, and A. M.. of Philadel-
phia, Pa. . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦•¦'¦'.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock,' from hta late resi-
dence. 517 Eighteenth street, Oakland. Ser-
vices under the auspices of Oakland Lodge
No. 1S8. F. and A. M. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, July 28. 1S>O3. Ed-
ward, dearly beloved brother of Michael.
Patrick and John McLaughlln, and uncle of
Sister M. Franciseus, a native of Sllgo, Ire-
•-^land. aged 65 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 018 Natoma street, thence to St. Jo-
¦ eeph's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
eoul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit (lowers.
K. R. B.— Brothers: The sorrowful duty de-
volves on me to announce ¦ the ¦ death S of
Brother Edward McLaughlln. He died on the
28th irist. and will be burled Friday, the 31st
inst., from his late residence, j 618 Natoma
street, at s:80 o'clock. Brothers desiring to
attend the funeral will report at K. R. B.
Hall Friday morning, at '8 o'clock erfarp.
Signed - . PRESIDENT.
MARICH— In this city. July 28. 1903, Splro
Marich, beloved husband of Jovanka Marich,
li nntlve of Austria\ aged 34 year*.
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of the H. F. Maass Company, 817 Mis-
sion street. ' Interment Laurel -Hill Ceme-
tery. ( - ¦ ,
GOLDMAN— In Grand ; Island. July 29, 1903,
Christian P., < father of C. J. Goldman, and
grandfather of May Ruggles, Mrs. Freder-
icks, Mrs. Florence Steigler and Leslie Rug-
gles, a native of Denmark, aged 72 years 1
month and 15 days. * *DISTINGUISHED ARMY OFFICER WHO REDUCED THE WARLIKE
MOROS TO SUBJECTION AND A MEMBER OF THE PHILIPPINE
COMMISSION. BOTH OF WHOM ARRIVED ON THE SIBERIA.
Millions* that- do not bring.' happlnesa. - Read
tbe Wasp's society gossip. •
Deny: Deceiving Schow.
-.Attorneys jH. Massey^ and J. , M.
Thurston, defendants in' a suit: to recover
property; filed »by,; A. J. , Schow, . deny j that
they " deceived the "plaintiff,' 'as ' he '/alleges
in his complaint." They.clalm '. that; all the
moneys i due * Schow; were *. turned over : to
him' and ' that he "receipted to • them', therc-
Justice of the Peace La wson save judg
ment yesterday for \ $43 in favor j of- Mrs.
Rose Rubensteln. who sued j Mrs.*- Bridget
Hughes, for $87 50 for services -as nurse.
Mrs. Hughes was injured in. a street, car
accident on Flllmore ; street '''and'- was
nursed by . Mrs. \ Rubensteln for. ; three
weeks. Mrs. ; Hughes : received ; J500 i from
the United Railroads, and was. beaten the
next day .. by, a', couple . of ;, ruffians who
wanted the money, i which, however, ; . had
already been deposited in bank.
Gets Judgment for Nursing.
No up-to-date school does without Bank Stock
paper. See Mysell-Rollins, 22 Clay, about It. •
Mrs. Hob* f>onticlly, 1S43 Fillmora atreet.
principal owner, of the Calitorntft Ladies*
Home Journal, aeeured ; » 4 warrant from
Police' Judge ;Cabanlss^ yesterday, after
noon for j the arr eat of AloysiUB Faskulich
on • charge of 'threat*' to kilt..
* 6hf v aaid she - had 5 bought out Pasku*
llch'a .Interest .In the 'taper ,V tout » he still
claimed the ownership of some stock and
he had repeatedly made threats that if he
did not obtain the atock he would kill her.
•¦•'; "Last > Saturday night,"* «he , «aid. "Pas«
kulich came ' to my ;. house."" ."and^beins:
afraid of him^I hid In »/clpset : with? my
little a"irK We, heard him; searchlngl for
us through the house and making threats
thatlf.he foundme he would kill -me. He
has , returned twice since, making similar
threats, 1 ; and \ I - am ? really ' afraid that Jie
will carry, them into , execution unless ho
is restrained.'* ¦;
Mi». Ho»s X>onaclly. Charges Aloysius
raa&ullch With Threats
f;V! , ; to Kill, . ."
' Lieutenant; EdwarS K. Masse, battalion
quartermaster of the Seventh Infantry,
will proceed, to Vancouver for the pur
pose of aiving; testimony tn the case of
Lieutenant Knudson, who. to , to be tried
there for trrejrularltiee and neglect of.
duty -while ¦ acting as quartermaster at
Cape Nome two years ago. "
Word has ben *ecefrr«<3 nere that Colonel
beor?® I B.^ itodney of- thV Artillery, Corps,
commanding the Presidio, wlljt>«~ retired
ffnm active • aervice, with the rank of
iuigadler. eenere.1, on August 5. • : .
Colonel Rodney ha« served forty-five
years in the army and at reception trill be
tendered him by hie brother officer* on
his retirement. \i
staff, : reported ye&ttrday. They, are on.
their -way., to the Philippines andt will ©all
Saturday on the transport Sheridan. ;
'¦Major -Mann' will. 50 -"to Viiayaa te> be
chief -'of: the staff to General Wint Cap
tain ' Rivers <(r ill establish falfi : fceafl<jnai
lers at Manila. :
** Majof William A. *Iann of the fouiv
teenth* Infants 1 ? afift Captain VT. C. Rivers,
First Cavalry, members of tha • sreneral
Colonel George 3- Bodney Will SU»
.. tiro From Service With Ranlc
o£ Brigadier General.
ARMY OFFICERS ARRTVB
OH WAT TO ISLANDS
The overworked Eye, th« faded v Ey«,
the red and inflamed Ey«, tha Eye that
needs care, relieved by Murine Eye Hem*
edy.,. St don't smart -,.: . . \ *
XADT PUBLISHER IS
AFBAI© OF HEtt'LUX
Mack T. Hard«e, 203 Turk street, se
cured # warrant from. Police Judge Ca=
banlss yesterday for the arrest of W. E.
von Johannsen, «ecr«tary of the Monterey
Gold Mining Company on a charge of fal
sifying the records of a corporation, liar
dee fclleRes that Johannsen '. on June 19
made «. false tntry on the records of the
company of a meeting of- the director*
with tha •Intent; of defrauding him. The
entry vai *•' follow*: "That all moneye
paW to the Pacific States Mining *nd In«
vestment Company to date, also to be paid
hereafter t>y/M. T. Hardee.Tor & total of
J250, »r* at the charge of M, T.'Harclee»
personally. *lth jia claim of recourse for
same . against- th» Monterey- Gold Minlnjr
Company."
Attorney Henderson, *h<> represents jo
hannsen, say* that It ; is no thin* but %.
case of spite .Drork. Johannsen, he f aid.
had loaned one of fhe directors of the
company t2CD.;out of his '<?wn" pocket «nd
had commenced ' «uit , * in *.- th«» Justice's
Court for the recovery of the amount, and
that .was the cause of. the whole trouble.
Johannsen. was arrested and. released on
$300 cash' Sail. " • . ~ >
Mack T. Kardee of Mining Corpora
tion Secure* Warrant for Arrest
of W. E. Von. Johannsen,
SECRETARY CHARGED WITH
FALSIFYING THE RECORDS
The game has been well protected through
out this section and deer are easily found. In
Marln County, the open season for deer Is from
July 15 to . September 15; In Sonoma County,
until September 1, and In Mendoclno and Lake
counties until October 1. The dove season
Is open from July 15 to February 15.
Many catches of fish are being daily made,
and the hunter with the deer on his shoulders
comes in every evening tired and hungry, but
proud.
This whole country Is a Mecca for the sports
man. If he has not selected a location where
he can board during his hunt the same will
be readily found In "Vacation 1903." Issued by
the California Northwestern Railway. ?
i During this time the fish are more readily
caught 'and they are plentiful. Trout in the
streams and trout and bass In the rivers and
lakes. . . • - <¦ • r ¦ ¦
It- is a time ¦when the .crops on* after . an
other are ripening; from the fruits to grapes
and ho?s. Nature is maturing and the cli
matic conditions are in unison.
August, September, October and November
are really the enjoyable months to epend In
the country, and In no place Is this more bo
than along the California Northwestern Rail
way. . !
The Government, he said, is putting
large sums Into permanent improvements.
The harbors of Manila. Cebu r and Iloilo
are being bettered at great expense and
a fleet of fifteen coast vessels is- being con
structed, which will be invaluable for
better communication and to guard the
customs service. Despite these expendi
tures he said, the surplus of between
$5,000,000 and $6,000,000 already accrued will
be left intact if. not increased.
He said that no mention '. had - reached
the islands of the. probability, of, Gover
nor Taft becoming a running mate with
President Roosevelt In the next campaign.
Such a contingency, he said, would be
regretted by the Filipinos, who hold the
Governor In the highest esteem and give
him their fullest trust,, for, which reason
they t?o"ld not Nice to have him leave
his present post.
Commissioner Worcester was a member
of the first Philippine Commission and
was reappolnted to succeed himself at
the expiration of his term. He wat'for
merly assistant professor of soology In
th"e University of Michigan and first vis
ited the islands fn 1887 to gather informa
tion regarding birds and mammals.
The financial outlook for. the islands . Is
bright, acordlng to Commissioner Wor
cester. Before he left the commission
had already commenced the preparation
for the next semi-annual budget and was
engaged in Interrogating the heads of all
Government bureaus," with a view to
cutting out all superfluous Items in their
estimates for conducting their depart
ments. These estimates had been scaled
down considerably, and while the Com
missioner was not able to say that any
great reduction would be made from the
running expenses of the last six months
he felt certain that they would not be
Increased. ¦"'••', v -
men owing to his supposed responsibility
for General Luna's death.
FINANCIAL OUTLOOK BRIGHT.
Speaking of the conditions In the Islands
he conflrrried the reports of > tranquillity
except those trebles arising from the op
erations of a {%<v robber bands in the
vicinity of Manila. These are being broken
up as rapidly as possible by the island
constabulary, assisted where it is neces
sary by the military. The 1 system of la
dronlsm. he said. Is now practically co
existent with the" Spanish occupation of
the islands and- has become: a recognized
custom. Manifestly, he said, it Is-impos
sible to crush it out in a few months, but
at present the islands are freer from these
depredations than they ever have been
since Spanish occupation.
AH armed . opposition to • the insular
government, he said, has ceased, and the
former opponents . of -, the . -United '. States
are now satisfied to employ, reason and
the power of suasion, for! the purpose of
obtaining -.the conditions they.Beek.'
Agulnaldo is now a resident of Manila,
occupying a house across the street from
the residence of Commissioner ' Wright.
He takes no active part In public affairs,
his retirement being probably due to the
timidity he feels on account of the enmity
held against him by, many of his country-
ISLANDEBS ABE PACIFIED.
Dean C. Worcestep c one of : ihe : Philip
pine Commissioners, was also • a » passen»
ger on the Siberia. He came home for
the purp<f'\ of having c surgical opera
tion pertcCMned. He will remain in San
Francisco until Tuesday, when he wilt de»
part for the East on a visit to his birth
place at Thr*7">rd. Vt., unless j diverted
from his purp<ti« by r^ummons to,Wash
ington. %J'' « * -
jj, scmber background to tho glory Won
by this gallant soldier Ts.«hat'nlB"mother
died in Chicago last ' January while • he
was on one o£ hlc hazardous expeditions,
and ho remained in ignorance of his be
reavement until 2ila return ta headquar
ters. ¦
He described the Lake Lanao region as
one thau-had never before been pene
trated by white men. The lake is about
sixteen miles square, roughly- speaking,
and around its borders live about 100.000
Moros who, from our standpoint, are sav
ages. Generally they are armed with ri
fles and revolvers and also carry the na
tive MaJay weapon, a kriss. They are
agriculturists and cattle raisers and
make forays on the coast towns of the
island. They acknowledge the authority
of certain dattos or chiefs and generally
speaking are divided into three tribes.
During his entire campaign in the lakf^
region Captain Pershing lost only two
men In battle, although 'several died from
cholera, which prevailed at the time.
G'aptain Pershlngr is a native of Mis
souri . was graduated from West
Point^h 18S6. He is attached io the Fif
tt^nth (Cavalry. He made an enviable
record, 3n the Geronlmo campaigns In Ari
zona ant£ New ¦ Mexico prlo* to Eroing tb
the .Philippines. AH of his service there
was n the island of Mindanao, 'where he
was adjutant general under , Generals
Kobbc and Davis iov iwa years. In
viev? of '?iis knowledge oi ; Moro aftairs
do was selected by General SQmnei in
prefet!tncc to ranking officers for ihe ar
duous campaign !n which he did himsel£
sO nv- vredlt* anu>ho T/lsdom a'S the
selec" was evidenced i>^ *he result.
Tlie in will iemaln Several dayfe lo
San Frandscd and fchen journey; East,
visiting many points o2 interest en soute.
During his absence Lieutenant Colonel
Rosers has his <«mmand.
Captain Pershing's most remarkable ex
ploit was his Journey alone and unarmed
into the heart of the l^ake Lanao coun
try, where he mixed freely with the hos
tile Moros and returned unharmed. He
undertook this expedition about two
years ago. and as a result he made such
a favorable impression on the Dattos, or
native governors, on the north side of
the lake that the expedition taken with
an armed force a year later was met with
kindness. In fact, the troops . never had
any trouble on the, north side of- the lake.
When he was asked whether hJhad not
undertaken a great risk in going Into the
country alone, he said he supposed there
was risk but that was part of his busi
ness. ~ _..*:-•_. i.-. ...
ALONE AMONG HOSTILES.
It over 250 Moros and two Americans were
killed and seven were wounded. This
defeat settled all opposition to American
rule in Mindanao.
It Is understood that in «he statement
which Nolan gaVe Attorney Schooler yes
terday he takes upon himself al! the re*
sponslbility for being fthe one who Inform
ed the rest of 4he unsavory crew of the
presence of diamonds and other valuables
in the Tuttle home. He declares that he
let the information slip ¦while Whitelaw,
Davis. Lupton and himself were in an
opium joint and 4hat <ft® statement ef
Ruby Grills fto the effect that Docia No
lan " informed the gang o? the tempting
prise while tthey were 4ia the Pine-atreet
coffee house is false.
The voluntary plea o? guilty on tthe part
TAKES ALL BLAME.
Mike Nolan, the leader of the desperate
trio of thugs who cruelly beat and robbed
Mrs. T. V. Mathews at her home, 543
Haight street, on March I, yesterday
pleaded guilty Jo the charge of robbery
before Judge Carroll Cook without the
formality of a trial. He also put into the
hands of Attorney William H. Schooler
a lengthy statement, which he hopes will
be effectively used in the appeal for a
new trial to be made by Schooler before
the Supreme Court In behalf of Docia
Nolan, now under sentence of eight years
for complicity in the Mathews robbery.
But Nolan's action is not altogether
prompted by unselfish devotion to his
erstwhile companion and partner In crime,
Docia, tho condemned felon. In his ef
forts to receive a light sentence for his
crime Nolan has sought to establish the
contention that he was not In the house
of Mrs. Ida Tuttle on Haight street on
the afternoon when the brutal assault on
Mrs. Mathews took place, but that a
member of the gang, Henry Lupton, now
under charge of the murder of James
Gllleece on April 14, was with Whitelaw
and Davis when the, crime was commit
ted.
Mike Nolan Waives For
mality of Trial for
. His Crime.
ROBBER LEADER
PLEADS CITY
IK is believed that Davis, the third
anerabeff «f the sang, will tollow th» ex
ample of Nolan anfi plead guilty beforr
his case somes tc trial.
Lupton has already told the police that
he had been approached by Nolan with
the purpose of being induced to declare
that he was one of the trio of thugs and
that he received his Information concern
ing the Tuttle diamonds from Nolan, In
stead of his coflsort^. Docia,
Schooler declares tha£ Nolan te inno-?
oen» of actutJ. participation in. the assault
and robbery. He said yesterday u
"% state ihat nothing was ever mold
false than the bellei ihat Mika Nolan v;art
with Whitelaw and Davis at the time of,
the robbepy. S think J caU prove fha5
when he comes tip for sentence on Satur-:
day. If I car. find ' c certain individual
I am looking loc 1 sac certainly demon
strate this fact/'
Nolan's efforts to drag Lupton into the
charge falls flat before the evidence In
the hands of the police. It is admitted
that Lupton was undoubtedly a party t9
the scheme, but he Is lame and It la
known by the testimony of the Grills girls
that Nolan, Whitelaw and Davis on that
account purposely gave him the slip on
the afternoon when they went out to. do
the deed. . 'V
LTJPTON SPOILS SCHEME.
The police declare that Nolan's conten
tion that he was not of the party which
beat Mrs. Mathews and ransacked tha
house can t>e disproved by testimony
which they have In their possession. No
lan was seen standing under an umbrella
within twenty feet of the Tuttle home a
few minutes before the assault occurred.
Mrs. Mathews also testified In the trials
of Docia Nolan and Bernard Whltelaw
that she saw Nolan and that he went to
the end of the hall and put his umbrella
behind the door when he entered.
of Miko Nolan came as a. cnrpxlM to
those Interested In the prosecution or the
cases of the trio of thugs. Nolan's ease
had been set last Tuesday for August 17.
at which time Davis was also to answer
for his crime.
Wednesday nisht Nolan sent a letter
to Schooler, saying that he most see him
on urgent business. Early yesterday
morning Schooler went up to the County
Jail and was notified by Nolan that he
wished to plead guilty and receive Im
mediate sentence. When taken before
Judge Cook Nolan's demand for imme
diate sentence was denied on the protest*
by Assistant District Attorney Porter
Ashe that District Attorney Bylngton
should be present when sentence was
passed. Saturday was therefore set as
the time when Nolan shall listen to the
terms of his punishment.
"Well, I tell you right now you are not
going to growl around me," concluded
Moore.
This closed the . controversy. Professor
Plehn will be called to the stand by Llver
nash to-day and it may be several days
before the carmen's counsel will finish
cross-examining him.
"Llvernash replied that he had- every
instinct Of a gentleman and that he did
not care whether Moore liked his tone or
not.
"Don't you take the kind of a tone that
you are now using against* me, for I am
used to being treated in a gentlemanly
manner."
OBJECTS TO TONE.
us to accept fees for making scientific
reports if it does not interfere with our
work," replied the professor.
; At this juncture Attorney Moore ob
jected to LJvemash's line of questions. In
replying Llvernash raised his voice to a
high pitch 5 which was eventually drowned
by Moore, who remarked: • -;'."•''
"As. I said a moment ago. they allow
largest labor organizations in this city?"
Livernash asked.
Personally, Captain Perching Is de
lightfully taciturn regarding his own
achievements. He has a soldierly aver
sion to being lionized, and while he is af
fable, and even loquacious, regarding
every other subject, he gives an excellent
imitation of an oyster when questioned
concerning himself. He is about six feet
tall and I«irly heavy in build, with a
equare Jaw, grizzled hair and mustache
and gray eyes. He is not given to laugh
ing, but he smiles often and his manner
is simple and kindly. Responding to
questions, he said:
Really, whatever we have fione in the island
of Mindanao i;n> already been published in the
papers and I cannot think of anything to add.
At present the Moroe are practically subdued
and no further trouble with them is antici
pated.
Captain Pershing was placed in com
mand of the detachment that marched
around Lake Lanao and brought that
hitherto unconquered region under alle
giance to the American flag. He had in
his command a battalion of the Twenty
eeventh Infantry, Kilpatrlck's troop of
the Fifteenth Cavalry and McNair's bat
tery. These marched clear around the
lake, subduing the various tribes with
kindness whore tney could and by Torce
when necessary. Altogether the com
mand had three heavy engag' ments, the
last of which, the battle of Taraca, is so
recent that almost everybody will lemem
hcr it. That was tr t last real conflict. In
While not seriously ill. he is suffering
from complaints brought on by long resi
dence in that tropic region, and as a
means of prevention he determined to
cpend a few months in the United States.
Captain Pershing has been the most
prominent iigure in military movements
In the Philippines d«ring the last year.
He wag in command of practically the
only expeditions that were organized for
the subjugation of the natives during that
time, and his signal success in subduing
the inhabitants of the lake region, in the
interior of Mindanao, has given him a
reputation as a military leader and tac
tician second to that of few men who
have made their reputations in the pos
sessions wrested from the Spaniards dur
ing the recent war.
HERO IS MODEST. '
APTAIN JOHN J. PERSHING.
f the hero of Mindanao and con-
queror of the fierce tribes of
Moros of the Lake Lanao region,
arrived from Manila yesterday on the
Siberia. He has spent four years in the
island of Mindanao without leave, and
his return to this country at this time
was prompted by the fact that the rigors
of the climate had begun to affect his
system.
"Did the Board of Regents know that
you were employed to get up a one-sided
report for capitalists against one of- the
\ Vlt was not necessary," Professor Plehn
replied. "We are allowed to accept work
of this kind if it does not interfere with
our* duties." - ." ¦' '>:<;
"The information is as much at your
service as to the United Railroads," he
replied. ,'
"While you were securing the evidence
for the report that you have filed were
you still drawing a salary from the Uni
versity of California?" he was then asked.
, "Yes; I secured the information at my
leisure, when the work did. not interfere
with my lectures or preparations."
"Did you get the consent of the Board
of Regents to do this work?" Llvernash
asked.
When Professor Plehn finished reading
his report he was severely cross-examined
by Llvernash.
"Have you frankly. i given, information
as favorable to the carmen's union as the
United Railroads?" the professor was
asked. 8 ,•,•,.?•
Clothing has remained stationary in cost.
Fuel and lighting are cheaper, but neither
are very important items in the total cost of
living.
If we give t to each of the different items
which enter into the total cost of living,
namely, rent 16.00 per cent, food 41.03 per
cent, fuel 5 per cent, clothing 15.31 -per cent,
light .0.90 per cent • and all other (including
expenditures for amusements, sickness, savings
and other uniform Items) 22.70 per cent, its
due weight; and if we assume the largest In
creases found by any method, and if we
neglect the decrease in the cost of fuel and
lighting, assuming instead that they remained
stationary, then the effect of all the increases
of the first four months of 1903 over the first
four -months of 1902 on the total cost of living
Is about 3 per cent
When due allowance is made for the ad
vantages of climate, which' makes living in
San Francisco cost considerably less in fuel
and clothing than in Eastern cities. San
Francisco is undoubtedly the cheapest place
to live in of the fourteen large cities in
vestigated.
Out of 345 street railway companies frC-m
which • reports were received, representing
nearly every State in the Union, only four
report wages in excess of the United Railroads.
The average earnings of carmen in j San
Francisco increased in consequence of the re
arrangement of rates of pay and hours of ser
vice made in April, 1902, by 17% Per cent
over the earnings made prior to that date.
That ¦: Is, a larger percentage of all men got
full work.
TROUBLE STARTS.
CLOTHING SAME PRICE.
"Another day gone and nobody hurt
yet" was the remark used yesterday by
the. sergeant-at-arms employed to pre
serve "order at the arbitration proceed
ings between the carmen's union and the
United; Railroads. ,
For a while yesterday afternoon, how
ever, • there was a warm altercation be
tween Attorneys Llvernash and Moore,
but adjournment cut short hostilities.
The trouble was occasioned by the ap
pearance of . Carl C. Plehn. professor of
finances and statistics at the University
of California, who was a witness for the
United "Railroads. In his testimony the
professor said in part :
Since January, 1901, the prices of meats and
breadstuffg show a general upward tendency.
Thoee of the more important vegetables, with
the exception of cabbages, show a downward
trend, while a considerable number of others
remained practically stationary- The general
averages for | all ; foods of most irencral con
sumption, ' whether each article be -considered
of ¦ the same Importance as every other or
whether each be given its proper weight or
importance, : fluctuate practically within the
ilmlts of 105 per cent and 95 per cent of the
prices that prevailed during • April, 1903, a
range, that is. of 10 per cent. But they show
no marked tendency either upward or down
ward. The general averages of the retail
prices for the foodstuffs of most general con
sumption during the first four, months of 1903
were found by , the best of the several methods
followed to bo 1 per cent higher than during
the : same' four months of 1902, and by an
other method to be 3.6 per cent hlKher.
As to rents, the evidence is conflicting, but
the conclusion that there has been an advance
of certainly not more than 10 per cent in
the average seems to be sustained.;
edged the supremacy of the
United States.
GAP-TAIN- JOHN-
J. PERSHING, the
' conqueror of the war
like Moros %vho inhabit
the Lake Lanao region in
the island of Mindanao, is
again on his native shores,
having arrived from Ma
nila on the Siberia. Two
years ago Pershing, then
adjutant general of Min
danao under General Sum
ner, began to plan the sub-"
jugation of the fierce tribes
inhabiting the interior of
the island. Alone and un
armed he went among the
tribes on the north shore
of the lake and succeeded
in winning over the chiefs
so that they offered no op
position to' the military ex
pedition which Captain
Pershing later led among
them. The natives on -the
south side of the lake re
sisted stoutly, and it was
not until the decisive battle
of Bacolod in February last
that all the natives acknowl-
Professor Plehn Shows That
Advance in Cost of Liv
ing Is Fractional.
Attorney Moore Objects
¦to Ljivernash's Harsh:,
Manner.
STORMY WORDS
CLOSE SESSION
HERO OF THE MINDANAO CONQUEST
SEEKS NATIVE LAND FOR A VACATION
Captain John J. Pershing, Who Brought the Moros
to Acknowledge Allegiance to the United States,
Arrives From the Philippines on a Pleasure Trip
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALt. ukIDAT, JULT 31. 1903.
14
underwriters' Jackets
Immense crowd etc.
many of the very slightly damaged
Biggest Bargains by smoke (many of
have been overlooked them absolutely
Burned Garments perfect) on. sale on
now. on se'" in t main floor % of
Basement Salesroom regular price allowed
90 percent by Insurance Co.
insurance x Sale price the
deducted from remaining one
regular price C third of cost
M0 GOODS EXCHANGED DimilMG THIS SALE.
1142-1146 MarkCt St bet. Mason and TaylorSts.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ;
FOR WOMEN
Much That Every Woman
Desires to Know
About Sanative Antisep-
tic Cleansing
And about the Care of the Skin,
Scalp, Hair and Hands.
Too tfluefc ctrcti eaaadt bo f>Uce<J on
tho gfe*t value *t C«tfcur* Soap, Oint-
taent *nd Jleftolront Ift th* antiaepUc
: cltftotiiif of th« mucous eurf »ee» ami of
the blood *n4 circalating fiuld», lbn#
affording pare, sweet «U>3 fconomtcsl
latal and conttltuttonftl trefttmeai Sot
weakening ulctraeioaf, inflarataationt,
Itcbings, ltr!Utlon#, fixations, dl»-
plKttments, j>aln» *Bd Irregularities
- peculiar \o f tmale*. lleocd th* Cuti-
eura remediaa bate » wonJeffbl Jnflu-
«nco la tectoriDf l»e»lth, itrtngth end
bemty ta vtary WonavB, whQ fcar»
bceft promaturaly : aged nn3 laralldtd
by thet* distressing ailmenW, oa wtll as
auch sjmpathetie afflictions «s ansemift,
chlorosis, &joteri», fierrousnesa ajid
debility. -¦: ? ¦ > : -
Womin from Ihe nsry first tiar» fully ¦
appreciated tho parity, tod sweetness,
¦ tho power to afford tmmedlaU relief,
the certainty of speedy and permanent
cure, v tho obsolnte ; oafetjr and ;' great ;
economy which baro made theCaticura
remedies tho standard skin cares and
humour remedies of the clrllized world. "
Millions of tbe women use Cuttcura
Soap, assisted ¦¦ by Cuticura Ointment,
for preserring.l parifyins; and beauti-
fying the skin, for cleansing the ecalp
; of crusts, scales and dandruff, and tho
; stopping of falling hair; for softening; !
whitening and soothing red, rough and
sore ' hands, for I annoying : Irritotions, '
and . olccrativo weaknesses,' and; for
msny. j Banatlre, 4^ antiseptic - purposes
trhich readily suggest themselves, as
jrell as for all the purposes of the toilet,
bath and nursery. ¦ '"•£ JjB^^^Pj
S«ld l&rancbmltlK world. C«Hett« Be»olT«stS0e.fla
f*™» ofChoeoUu Coated FitU. Ue. mt tUI ot 80). Olat-
, Sf^VSF" f*5 p * x *- ' PW«**l<o*&£, V CharterBomt* I
. aqj Faria. S Baa 4* la Paizi Bo*taa, 1ST Colombu* At*.
rottw.Drnffc Ca««. Corp.. Sole Fropri«tor^ ¦: ..¦ ;
_ -'¦¦ ' .' ¦;••¦•."• ADVEBTISEBTENTS. '
MOTHERS, WE WANT f00lj0k
Jl I | f R I B" 1 A M I sfa eb s^b B^ ' ' * "' *^3m
Wf^^^^^^M B0YS> TWO-PIECE, DOUBLE-BREASTED ALL
iliiir WORTH $4.50 OF ANY MOTHER'S MONEY. j
We* wM sailor suits for nobby little men— /l^lfi
ifflffi I \\\\SB MANUFACTURED TO RETAIL FOR $6.00. ] lll^i^ffi^'
(^^^^^^^^||]1|M FINE CLOTHING FOR MAN, BOY AND CHILD IuViSSSL
W^ •* J I I 1 I U \*T WJr # I I ¦ #
' BROWN BROS.&O?'""
WM0LE5ALE Mil • L rt M A M R E TA IL ING
CLOTMIERSI MLIUyi JIAn DIRECT TO YOU
516-5I8NARKET SIH-PHIRHff
AnVKR'i'i R-nvrP'-r^Tf;
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the aappura-i
tion stopped, and c cure cnected
by the use of .-- o
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this marvelous germicide, which
G allows Nature to build up healthy
tissue. Absolutely harmless.
Used and indorsed by leading
physicians everywhere.
When not at your druggist's, sent
prepaid on receipt of 25 cents for
trial bo**Jc -- • «w
The genuine bears m^is'enature
on every bottle. $ Address
rBEE-TilnM« B—LM — H«w U Trwl Dt»- • Ut.
* EeUktlTt Ointment accompllahes Mtoo-
wblnir ecrr« of t kin <SI«eaa«s, aiier ttic most
powerful Internal remedle* t»r* fUied.
After bftt hln f tbc part wltb BrUkrU't Soap
oae JteiskeW Ointment and It will quickly
remove aU Bloicbra. Pimple*. KrnpUo&s
and bores. Curet letter, Kryttpelas Bait
Rbeum. Rcadd Head, Itch, Ringworms
Ulcers, riles, Barber s Itch 1 relieves and
beals Burns and 6cal4s. Makes tbe tlda
•oft and beautiful. Prescribed by phy-
ridatMtornaifawntnrr. AtdrocnstsMo.
Send lor tree book of tesUmo&laU. •
iOH&STOS, BO1XOWAT A CO., rklU4*lykU.
(SMBwAr n#*A 'Zr%' FHHJ,;',Tr» • mm wiffJBIBBHl
German Eye Water, a harmleas
jfEimt&k r^-m^dy. 60c; by mall. 62c. CAU-
jK*Qf~]» TION— The genuine be«r» elgBa-
*%^JBy lure of Geo. Jiajerle, also trade-
' - roark— eye with a crown. GEO."
MATERLE. German Expert Optician. .1071
lUrkat, But Francisco, Ctl. Phone South C7X