TREASURE SEEKERS TRY ,
TO LYNCH LUCKY FINDER
Enterprise Started by a Newspaper
Nearly Causes a Serious
Rict in Paris.
PARIS. Oct. S3.— An enterprise started
by the Matin, consisting of concealing a
! treasure, the whereabouts of which was
Indicated In a serial story running in the
paper, caused trouble here to-day. A
crowd was seeking the treasure in the
Buttes Charmont park when a man drove
up in a cab, alighted and immediately
found it. The crowd declared that the
finder was employed by the Matin and
had been told where to look. They tried
to lynch him and he was saved with dif
ficulty. Subsequently S00 persons marched
to the offlce of the Matin, where they
made a bonfire of copies of the paper and
threatened to wreck the premises. The
police had a hard task to dispersing the
sob.
judge estee still
"weak, but improving
Jurist's Condition, ; Following Surgi
cal Operation, Is Considered •
Favorable.
HONOLULU, Oct. 2S.-Un.ited States
District Judge M. M. Estee. who was
successfully; operated upon yesterday for
complications arising from -kidney trou
ble. Is still very weak, but his condition
to-day is, on the whole, considered very,
fivCTabl*.
VANCOUVER. B. ( C, Oct. 25-Clarence
Leonard and a young woman who, -he
says, Is his wife were arrested here at
noon to-day.' Leonard . Is charged with
having secured- the cash for a' forged
check of $10,075 . in New Tork about - a
week ago. . On the persons of the couple
was found ; $3200. ; The woman had- eight
J1000 bills' In her stocking. The remainder
of the money was 'in smaller denomina
tions and was found in Leonard's clothing.
The Leonards were arrested in the Hotel
Vancouver,' the most ; fashionable hostelry'
in • this . town. They- 'have been spending
money like water since they arrived "a
couple of daysiago. They were in their
room at the : hotel when ; Officers Jackson
and Mulhern of " the .Vancouver-; force
placed them- under arrest."
: Leonard vdisclaimed' any_ knowledge of
the .check-cashing deal, "but twhenV the
money was found-he' at once. admitted his
guilt, saying, that he was the. man want"
ed. He; declared he /would fight extradi
tion., but thei woman pleaded spjhaxd to
go back without trouble^ that' Leonard has
agreed to. return to stand : trtail - V
The couple registered at the hotelj-ester.
Special Dispatch to The Call. \
New Yorker Caught
by Vancouver
Officers.
LONDON. Oct. 23.— A heavy gale- Is
sweeping over the coasts of Great Britain
and vessels are running to port for shel
ter. Cornelius Vanderbilt's yacht North
Star Caotain Stlmson, ' from. New Tork.
October 16. for Greenock. Scotland, has
put Into Queenstown short of coal.
The Red Star line steamer Finland, Cap
tain Albrecht, which sailed from Antwerp
last Saturday for New Tork. has arrived
at Southampton In distress. She will pro
ceed after making repairs to her steerinz
gear.
Vessels Run to Fort for Shelter and
Several of Them Arrive in
Distress.
HEAVY GALE IS SWEEPING
OVER COASTS OF BRITAIN
NEW TORK, Oct. 25.— Guarded so close
ly that not even the police knew of the
ease, Corona Ricardo, an actress, with a
bullet wound an Inch above her heart,
lies near death at her home In this city.
She was shot late Friday afternoon, and
the explanation was made late to-night
that the bullet must have been fired by a
mysterious stranger, who had followed
her home from the theater repeatedly, or
that she was hit by a stray shot from a
street trawl. AH she knows, . it was de
clared, was that she had approached an
open window and was peering out through
the dusk and rain when from one of two
men talking at a fence had come the flash
of a pistol, followed by unconsciousness:
There are no symptoms of poisoning or
other complications, though 'Miss Ricardo
is suffering greatly from the. shock.
Corona Ricardo, Wounded Unto
Death, Can Give No Informa
tion as to Assailant.
MYSTERIOUS SHOOTING
OF NEW YORK ACTRESS
"Owing to the close watch kept on the
Somaiiland coast by British and Italian
ships, the Mad Mullah was unable to get
arms and ammunition by sea as previous
ly. He decided to make a desperate at
tempt to take possession of a point on
the ccast with *00 men who, on the 14th
inst.. attacked the Italian boats and
killed several men. The following day
the Lombardl bombarded the Mullah's
position and obliged his followers to re
tire."
ROME. Oct. 25.— The Government has
received the following information con
cerning the engagement between the-
Italian cruiser Lombardl and forces of
the Mad Mullah near Illlg, in Italian So
rnatiland:
Italian Government Receives Further
Details of the Brief Engage
, meat Fought Near niig 1 .
CRUISER LOMBARDI PUTS
MAD MULLAH TO FLIGHT
POLICE FIND
STOLEN COIN
ON A FORGER
POLITICIANS WHOSE NAMES
FIGURE IN THE; NEWS OF
THE DAY.
Bogota, the capital of Colomoia, ha»
been said to be threatened with serious
disorders, arising in the desire of tha
Government to close Consresa before the
approaching elections. The Government
Is said to have placed an armed guard in
the capitol, where Congress meets, and
this action caused much excitement.
The Government Is said to have caused:
the arrest of several prominent Liberal
leaders in Bogota, and a number of Liber
als were arrested at Cartagena on Octo
ber 16. Other arrests are looked for.
For several weeks there hav» been
rumors of an approaching revolutionary
movement in Colombia. The political
horizon of the country is clouded and
there are many signs of unrest, arising,
probably, from the discussion of and op
position to the canal project, the ap
proaching Presidential campaign and
the heavy deficit in the treasury.
It has been reported that General Pedn>
Nolosina. a Presidential possibility, had
become seriously Implicated in a projected
revolutionary outbreak somewhere on th<s
isthmus, because of political opposition
to Presldwent Marroquln. General Ben
jamin Herrera and otner prominent
Liberal leaders are said to be associated
In this move.
day as Mr." and Mrs. J. W. Fay of New-
York. A telesrram was received by the
local police at Seattle asking that Aus
tralian-bound steamers - be "watched for
Leonard and his wife. The arrests were
made oh the description given.
-NEW, YORK, Oct. r 23.— Clarence H.
Leonard; arrested in B. C.
was employed by Haskins & Sells, public
accountants' No. 30. Broad street, as a
clerk. He lived with' his parents at No.
13 Hollywood ; avenue, Englewood, N.J.
Tuesday. October 13, Leonard left the of
fice of Haskins & Sells for lunch as usual
and a few momenta later L.:H. Conant,
a member of the firm, was called by tele
phone,from a neighboring bank and asked
if their firm I had -authorized 'Leonard to
cash -a : check for $7500. Conant hastened
to" the bank. and pronounced the check a
forgery. ;: This " check, ' together with an
other ; f or •(12576,'* had been cashed, and
Leonard had fled, taking with him a dress
suit [rase^whlch .had etood r in the office
several day*. ' ? "..
He' was '.traced to Cortland, X. V.. by
detectives, J but escaped .before his arrest
could : be accomplished., At the time of
his p departure :Miss' Katherlne Miller of
No."; 7 Hollywood avenue, Englewood, left
ber;home; saying, that she was golng^to
\-1slt" friends in" Fairport, N. T. Leonard
had been attentive to Miss Miller. He js
about 1 years old 'and his parents are said
to ; be .well-to-do. - \
'"The Rev. Dr. George C. Houghton, rec
tor, of the Church of the Transfiguration,
said, this; evenine' that he had "no recol
lection * of. performing a ¦ marriage cere
mony for ' Clarence H. Leonard and Miss
Kalherine Miller. . .,
"The difference between the masculine
and the feminine code or' morals is the
cause of the sin and sorrow of the under
world. .The man may stray from the cor
rect path arid be respectable. Every
hand 1 thruats ; the woman downward.
"I am .opposed to dancing In schools
and- colleges wherein the examples of
young people mislead the poorly Informed.
If dandng- contributes in any way to
pulling down the women of our land from
their high throne, we should not per
mit it." " ' . ¦ . ~ ,
•.•gy- " 1NC0LN. Neb.. Oct. 25.— Female
S stenographers who work for
n ¦"•' the' State may not "trip the
B light ¦ fantactic;" neither may
MLmm^f grave heads' of departments
pose ln_ cotillions. Governor
Mickey has spoken, and de
clares dancing an abomination.
"I am opposed'to dancing," he said, "on
moral grounds. Liberties are permitted
in the. ballrooom that a're not tolerated
elsewhere. . Most of the disgraced women
attribute their fall. to dancing, for human
vultures haunt' the ball rooms to presume
upon acquaintances and ruin young
women.
fpeclal. Dispatch to Ths Call
Nebraska's Governor
Declares Against
:¦¦- . I IMC LJ iillK'C* ¦
A telegram from Truckee late to-night
said the people were driven to. the ex
treme of dynamiting buildings In order
to stay the progress of the flames.
Another dispatch received her*- stated
that the fire trains of the railroad com
pany were playing on the flames and were
keeping them from reaching the town,
but that thev would be unable to do any
material good in case the wind arose.
The last time Sacramento was called
upon for such assistance v.-as when a
couple of block? of residences !n Wood
land were burning, when Chief Guthrle
sent an engine to the scene. The engine
did great work, and the Sacramento
firemen were banqueted by the Woodland
citizens in recognition of their assist
ance.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 25.-At 12:25 to
night a fire engine left Sacramento by
special train for Truckee. In response to
a call frcm the citizens of that place for
cssistance. Fire Chief Guthrie sent a
competent engineer to handle the appar
atus. A Quick run will De made up the
hill, and It 13 hoped the engine will ar
rive In time to be of service- to the people
-of the mountain town.
Dynamite Said to Be in Use Near
the Fire.
ENGINE LEAVES SACRAMENTO.
Republicans here take the view, 'judg
ing from the personalities . In" Gorman's
speech, j that ¦ the Democrats Intend --to
make thU part of their campaign directly,
personal to Mr. Roosevelt himself, and,
wherever it Is possible, to emphasize the
Booker Washington dinner incident arid
the Crum appointment with * "A white
man's government for the whiter man" as
the campaign cry from one end of the
country' to the ether.
The election in Maryland Is looked upon
by both parties as an important .test of
the negro question as a campaign issue.
It will be the first expression by the peo
ple of that State on the restricting legis
lation now in force there, where an edu
cational test bars many negroes from the
privileges of the ballot. Gorman's speech
is rejrarded as staking almost the entire
election in Maryland on this one ques
tion. It is knownthat he looks upon the
result as very' important to his party and
his friends regard It as critical to his own
chances for the Democratic nomination.
It developed to-day that It is a well-de
termined plan on .the part . of -national
Democrats to force the" race issue to the
front, not alone in the South and the close
States of Maryland.' Delaware, New Jer
sey and West Virginia, but also in the
larger cities of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and
Iowa, where they believe: it possible to
stir up foreign-born voters on the negro
question. They also argue that If there
Is to be any doubt about Kentucky and
Missouri, the race issue will make those
States surely Democratic. It 1» not, the
intention to bring the question prominent
ly forward in the Democratic, platform,
but to hammer: it home on every Demo
cratic stump.
race for the Democratic nomination and
bidding in a most prominent .manner for
the support of the delegates . from the
South. , -. "-'¦ ' ¦ :¦ ", '
trains. Reno was asked for assistance,
but could give none, and now Sacramento
has been appealed to for a fire engine.
I'nless the flames are stopped they will
work their way to the large new box
factory of the Truckee Lumber Company
and then^ rweep_ the south side of town.
"With tbo present facilities the fire is
held under partial control, but If some
thing cannot be done in the Tiext five or
six hours a terrible catastrophe may not
be averted.
To add to the danger, the town water
supply gave cut. and the only means now
of contending with the fire is by two fire
The fire started at 2 o'clock this after
noon and in a few minutes the large saw
mill cf the Truckee Lumber Company
was reduced to ashes, entailing a loss of
approximately J20.000. The fire then spread
to the adjacent lumber yards. The local
fire companies, by heroic effort, appar
ently got the flames under control, but
after a short time the fire began to break
out in new places In the lumber yard.
The lumber Is piled on refuse built up
thirty feet above the river bank. The
flames had got started in this foundation
of old dry slabs of thirty years' stand
ing, and to extinguish them presents an
almost impossible task.
TRUCKEE, Oct. 25.— An appalling situ
ation exists here and unless assistance
from the outside can be secured in the
next few hours the destruction of the
greater part of the town seems almost In
evitable.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Costiaued en Page 3, Columa 3.
Upon hearics the facts broturht out at
the inquest the Coroner's jury brought in
a verdict averring that Louise, Harold
and Maria Iverson. aged, respectively, 12
and 6 years and 7 months, had come to
their death by strangling, presumably at
the hand* ef their mother while she was
temporarily insane. Mrs. Iverson was ta-
In the evening, about dark, she
t trarjried the youngest boy, Harold, aged
< years, and went out cf the house and
cot an ax with which she struck him on
ihe side cf the head. Later in the even
ing she strangled her infant daughter,
Maria, aged 7 months. After killing her
children the demented woman walked
about the house nearly all night, lying
down on the floor for but a short tim£.
This story lira. Iverson told Sheriff Nes
bitt this morning mhen he questioned her,
saying that she believed it was her duty
to kill ail^her children. She said she knew
i^he had done wrong, adding that the chil
dren were good children and she had no
ciSculty with them nor no occasion to
punish them. She appeared to realize
«-nly In a very slight degree what she had
done and later asserted that the children
were not dead.
The boy tveo broke atvay from his moth
er's grasp and ran away took a train to
Salinas and on presenting himself at his
home was asked by h:s father why he had
«_cnie. He replied that his mother had
F?r:t him and that all were well, except
h!s sister Louise, who was not feeling well
ar.<l who was In b«d when he left.
L'pon hearing this Iverson telephoned to
Z>r. O. S. Trimmer of Pacific Grove, ask
ing him to co to the place -and see the
girl. Dr. Trimmer asked his partner, Dr.
A. M. Ritchie, to call and see the child,
and h« did ho. He was met at the door
by Mrs. Iverson, who told him there must
be Boise mistake, as no one in the house
was 111. She betrayed ro emotion, al
though the girl was lying dead within, and
the doctor, suspecting nothing wrong,
w««nt away. The neighbors heard no un
u«ual wounds about the house and nothing
¦»-3« known of the tragedy until Iverson
arrived this morning to find the house in
disorder, his wife crazed and his children
dead.
INSANITY THE CAUSE.
HURDER AT NIGHT,
loTTB* afternoon an" Inquest was 'held,
the testimony at which showed that Mrs.
Iverson, who has been in ill h«rUth for
the pas-t seven mor.ths, came to Pacific
Grove with her four children about tfcres
weeks ago. Iverson had accompanied
his family to the Grove at that time,
whither he had brought them . in the
hope of benefiting his wife's health, and
twice 5!nce then had visited thorn. At
no time had he seen anything to indicate
that his wife was mentally deranged, and
neighbors occupying 1 adjoining houses
testified that she had lived very quietly
thrre. and that they haC seen, nothing
unusual in her actions.
Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Ivcrson, act
ing, she says, under the Instructions of
a supreme b^ing, determined to kill all her
children, ar.d seizing- her U- year-old
da-jghter, Louise, by the throat, choked
her until life was extinct. She then laid
the body upon the bed and when her
widest son a boy of 11 years, came into the
house told hiia his sister was ill in bed
seized him with the intention cf kill
ing him in the same manner. The boy
rot knowing her intention, but fearful
that ecrae punishment was to be dealt
him. freed hirnsclf from her grasp and
ran out cf the house.
Iverson, <Ia«>d by what he lia-d se*n,
and crazed with grief, aroused the neigh
bors and sent tor the police. Coroner
H. V. Muller and Sheriff W, J. Nesbltt
were at once telephoned for and thsy
¦ rrive-i from Salinas about noon.
FATHER CALLS POLICE.
lock at year children!"
TTlth these words Mrs. Louis Iverson
this morning aceested her husband at
Pa-ifie Grove and. opening- tne door of an
«i<ijo!~ir.g room, showed him the bodies
of three of their chidr?n, strangled to
death, lying upon two beds.
The house where this terrible tragedy
wa* enacted is a little two-roomed cot
tage en Cypress avenue, where Mrs. Iver
son and her children, wnose home is in
Salinas, had been spending the past three
weeks.
Iverson. who is a machinist employed
fn Salinas, had driven over to Pacific
Grove early this morning and arrived
there about 7:S0 o'clock. He knocked on
the front door of the house and was told
by Mrs. Iverson to go to tne back door.
He did so, entered the house and was
abcut to kL?s his wife when she refused
his embrace and showed him. the lifeless
bodies of his children.
MONTEREY. Oct. Zs.— "Don't touch me:
Don't put your hands on me! Go in and
Special E:5F*'Ch to Its CaM
It is believed that the revolutionists
were expecting reinforcements, but that
they were disappointed. Advices received
by the Governor from the Department of
Cauca and Bolivar state that Genera'*
Diaz, Morkun and Duendla and other
prominent Liberal leaders purposed
starting a revolutionary movement, but
were arrested befor« they were ab!« to
do so.
News of the landing of the so-called
revolutionists was received here witJi
great surprise by both Liberals and Con
servatives. It has no connection what
ever with any Liberal movement or pre
concerted political plan of any kind, and
therefore no Importance Is attached to It
by the people of Panama. It is the gen
eral impression that the Invader* arc
merely marauders. Unfounded rumors
started by enemies of President Zelaya
of Nicaragua have been circulated her*
to the effect that the expedition started
frcm a North Atlantic port of Nicaragua
and Is backed by the Nlcaraguan Govern
ment. The ' object of the report is to
create animosity against Nicaragua.
Panama and Colon are perfectly quiet
and there are no fears of any serious dis
turbances in Bogota. The troops sent to>
Penonome are expected to return In about
three days.
PANAMA. Oct. J3.-In an official tele
gram from the prefect of Penonome ta
Governor Obaldia the latter was Informed
to-day of the landing of a revolutionary
expedition of about seventy men at Cape
Brea. on the Atlantic coast, north of Ver
guas. The band is headed by Generals
Lugo and Barrera and Is reported to be
marching upon Cocole. on the Pacific
coast. Governor Oc.iMIa ordered' the
cruiser Bogota to leave this evening with
115 men of the Battalion Colombia, under
command of Major Tascon. The troops
are under instructions to land at Pesca
deria. about forty miles from Panama,
and proceed under forced march to Peno
nome to disperse or capture the Invaders.
Special Cmble to The Call and Xew Tor*
Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the New Tor*
Herald Publishing- Company.
DEMEREST'S CHALLENGE
REMAINS UNANSWERED
Dan Patch's Trainer .Will Not Dis
cuss Hatch Until He Hears
From Owner of Horse.
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. Oct. 23. — Following
the challenge Issued by Demerest. driver
of Prince Alert, to race Dan Patch at
the Memphis track on November 19 for
a purse of JSO.OOO President F. G.
Jones of the Memphis Trotting Associa
tion announced to-night that h» would
offer a suitable for the race on
behalf of the association.
McHenry. Patch's trainer, refused to
talk about a match with Prince Alert
pending a statement from Mr.^linct
of Minneapolis, owner of Dan Fatal.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. .5. —United
States Commercial Agent M. II. Lang
horne is here on his way back to •America
from Port Salney. the new port on the
eastern shore of the Liaotun* Peninsula,
about twenty miles from Port Arthur. He
say's thafori the railroad trip from Port
Dalny he counted seven trains bearing
Russian soldiers Koine east. . Port Dalny
Is not progressing, according to the com
mercial agent, the trade remaining at
Newchwang and Port Arthur. .The latter
Is favored by Viceroy AJexieff.
-LIVERPOOL.. Oct. *23. — Belie vine that
war between Russia -and Japan cannot
long be delayed.- the marine underwriters
decline to accept war risks on Japanese
steamers, even at the tempting price of
Sguldeaa percent.
Japanese reports of a visit to the alleged
signal station at Yongampho are to the
effect that there Is a fort there.
TRAINLOADS OF SOLDIERS.
i It is officially reported here that
Haghlwsxa Shutchi," Secretary of the
Japanese legation at Seoul. Korea, and
his, party have been prevented by the
Russians from landing at Yongampho:
thereupon the party proceeded and landed
at Wlju.
Baron Rosen. Russian Minister to
Japan, has received fresh Instructions
from his government, and was to have
had another conference, with Foreign
Minister Komura to-day. It is understood
that a majority of the Japanese elders
favored adherence to the- country's past
policy. Insisting that Russia should fulfill
her pledges with regard to Manchuria, on
the grounds that any compromise would
only postpone and not avert a conflict.
YOKOHAMA. Oct. 23. — At the confer
ence held yesterday between Cabinet
Ministers and the elder statesmen of
Japan, when the Far East crisis was dis
cussed, there were present, amon; others.
Prt\-y Councilor Yamagata. Marshal
Oyama, Count Inouye, Privy Councilor
Count Matlukata: Baron Komura. the
Foreign Minister: General Tereauchi and
Baron Yamameto, Minister of Marine, in
addition to Premier Katsura an<l Marquis
Ito.
ELDER STATESMEN CONFER.
"Owing to the apprehension v hfch has
been frequently expressed that England
and - the United States at nresant en
courages and ni'ay later actually uphold
Japan in her quarrel with Russia, public
opinion here ha« become openly hostile
to bcth English-speaking powers, and a
characteristic example of the form in
which this bitterness displays itself is
afforded by a leading article In the Novoe
Vremya on the Alaskan award, in which
expression Is given to the ocinion and
even the hope that Canada will now sever
the ties connecting her with Great Brit
ain."
WOULD RUSSIANIZE KOREA.
"My informant, as a Russian, gives full
credit to the intensity of Japanese na
tional feeling on the score of Korea. He
admits that the question of an extension
of Japan's cramped island boundaries is
fast becoming, if, indeed. It has not al
ready become, one of life or death to her
imperial development, and acquiesces in
the view that should Japan, whether as a
result of diplomatic negotiations or of an
appeal to armed force, now lose all
chance of gaining a permanent foothold
In Korea her role a3 dominant power in
the Pacific is at an end. But he insists
on the indissoluble nature of the ties
which bind the ultimate fates of both
Manchuria and Korea with the fate of
Russian political ascendency and eco
nomic development In the Far East."
Telegraphing from St. Petersburg yes
terday the Daily Telegraph'3 correspond
ent says:
Thls correspondent, writing of a conver
sation with a Russian military officer In
high command, whose claim to speak
with authority is based on exceptional
knowledge of the general conditions pre
vailing in the Far East, particularly dur
ing the last three years, says:
'"The Idea of permanent Japanese occu
pation of any portion of the Far East
mainland is absolutely ridiculed as un
tenable.. .... -----
According to dispatches received in Lon
don thi3 morning the situation remains
unchanged. It certainly has not Improved
nor. according to the Daily Mail*? Nljnl
Novgorod correspondent, can It Improve
as long as Russian military opinion In
sists upon Russian predominance In Ko-
LONDON, Oct. 26.— Several more large
steamers have been chartered for Port
Arthur or "Vladivostok.
The Russian Government appears to
have suddenly awakened to the fact that
Japan is securing all the available coal
and early steamers in which to' carry it,
and Russian chartering agents In conse
quence appear to have received instruc
tion? to engage all the early steamers
they can get at 23s 6d to Port Arthur or
26s to Vladivostok.
Special Cable to The Cmll and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 19C3. by the New Tork
Herald Publishing Company.
Husband Meets Crazed Wife
and Is Shown Bodies
of Victims.
Outlook for Peace in the Par
East Grow3 Darker
Each Day.
The Colombian Government
Causes "the Arrest of
Liberal Leaders.
Sacramento Sends Engine
by Special Train to the
Conflagration.
Horrifying Crime of
Well-Known Woman
of Salinas.
Cruiser Sails With
Troops to Attack
Invaders.
Supply of Water Runs
Short and Aid Is
Summoned.
High Rate Is Offered
i for All Available
'
Russian and Jap
anese Agents
Are Active.
Children Strangled
at Pacific
Grove.
Seventy-Five Men
Would Start a
Revolution,
President Roosevelt on the ne
gro question, is regarded by leaders of both
parties In "Washington as the pacemaker
for the Democratic campaign next year.
President Roosevelt's closest personal and
political friends regard it as the beginning
of the execution of a plan to make the
race problem a great issue against the
Republicans in the Presidential election.
The Democrats, too, accept Gorman's at
tack -with no attempt to conceal their de
light, and all appear to -welcome the le
sue. Incidentally the speech is regarded
here as placing Gorman squarely in the
CALL BtTREAU, 1406 G STREET
N. W-., WASHINGTON, Oct.
25.— Senator Gorman's speech
in Maryland yesterday, In
which he so severely attacked
Truckee in Peril
as a Big Fire
Advances.
Maryland Senator's Attack UponlPresident a Direct Bid for South
ern Delegates to Democratic [Convention of 1904 and Means
That Negro Question Will Be Given Prominence in Campaign
MOTHER ENDS
THREE LIVES
WHEN INSANE
INSURGENT
BAND LANDS
IN PANAMA
TOWN FEARS
DESTRUCTION
BY FLAMES
CHARTERING
VESSELS TO
CARRY COAL
GORMAN MAKES COLOR LINE
A NATIONAL CAMPAIGN ISSUE
THE TXBATSJOL. *"•'/.
Alcaaar — "TTad«r the Bed Jtafct.*
Caltf orBla— Masoa and Xaso^v.
Central — "Uncle Tom's C»£la.'°
Columbia- — "Soldiers of Por
toae."
Pischer's — "Tie Paxadan."
Grand — "Spotless Town."
Orpheom— >VanderQle.
Chutes— Vaudeville.
Tivoli — Oraad Opera.
TE£ WXATBTR.
' Forecast . m><« at Baa T ran
elsco 'for -'thirty henm esdiar
nidniiTht, OcteTser 26, 1903:
Sas • Praneiico and vicinity— •
r*ir Monday, with for in tit
xaomf&a* aad at alglrt; lijrfci
•oataerly cTia-nriTTg to teUk
westerly Triad.
A. Q. ICcABXS,
District Forecaster.
SAN FBANCISCO, MONDAY,^ OCTOBER 26; 1903.
PKIOB FrVJB CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— 2STO. 148.
The San Francisco Call.The work . of further rescue was de- .
layed for some little time owing to the
threatening position of the bowlders.
Meantime the cries and groans from un
der the mass of stone wrought such ex
citement among the rescuers that they
were prepared .to undertake any risk to
render assistance to the Imprisoned men.
The cave-In released a natural spring
In the earth above the tunnel and in a^
few moments y a stream of water was*
gushing in and trickling about sthe feet
of the workers, and to some extent Inter-'
fered with the work of rescue.' The fire
men and policemen cleared away the
small pieces of rock from the big. block
of . stone and managed to get near Juno
Pasquaie and Batasto Valantio, who were
bruised on the back and,' legs. -As soon j
as the Injured In Its Immediate vicinity
were removed; the big stone was blown
up with powder and taken away piece
by piece. Back of this rock was a fifty
ton block that had dropped from the roof
of tho tunnel. In a crevice beneath it
the bodies of the two men, one lying
across the other, were found.
The upper man had been crushed to
death while tho one underneath was
alive, though his legs and body were
crushed. It was an hour before he was
extricated. The big stone was partly
blasted away while It lay over him and
a hydraulic jack then elevated the re
maining portion of it sufficiently to per
mit of the man's renibval. He was Junoj
Baki. He had been pinned under the'
body of his dead fellow,' workman for
hours, part of the time conscious.
Four feet below the place where Bakl
lay. the crushed form of Alphonse^ Ar
matello waV discovered under a quantity
of small rock and shale. He was quick
ly extricated. Then jwere found the
bodies of several unidentified Italians,
some of them crushed beyond recogni
tion. ' •- .* ,--¦'-
amputate the pinioned leg, and this was
done in the light of the ambulance lamp.
The man, who was not identified, died
later at a hospital.
RESCUE WORK IS DELAYED.
A pathetic incident was the finding of
the body of Foreman Sullivan, wedged
and Jammed far beneath the stone. It
was not recovered until long after day
light.
From about 3 o'clock in the morning
his ten-year-old son Samuel had stood
by and could not be induced to leave
until the body of his father had been ex
tricatd. Many Italian women congre
gated about the exits, weeping, lament
ing and rushing to the tram car each
time it brought forth a body.
/ The corpses of Stanzione Burne, Louis
Tippio, Guisseppe Barono and three
other unidentified Italians were found
flattened on the floor of the tunnel near
where the body of Sullivan was recov
ered- The heads of the men, in most
cases, were toward the exit, indicating
that they had plunged to the north in an
effort to escape. Each body was re
moved only by the lifting of tons upon
tons of rock. •
Rufus C. Hunt, superintendent, and
•Richard Beyers, general foreman .for
John McDonald, the contractor, who Is
building the tunnel, * were arrested as
soon as they reached the scene of the
disaster, i but being experts in tunnel
work and blasting, were permitted to
direct the work of rescue. Later a mag
istrate remanded them to the coroner,
who held them in $10,000 ball each.
Coroner Jackson said he believed the
accident was caused by criminal negli
gence. Ths seams that appeared Sat
urday are pelleved to have been about
the great rock that fell directly in the
center of the excavation. As soon as
this boulder, acting as a keystone, was
released, the stones on both sides fol
lowed it.
From men who worked in the tunnel
it was learned that props had been used
to hold up the roof. The heavy timbers,
12 by 12 inches, were crumbled like
toothpicks beneath the great weight of
the cave-in.
Later the body of William' Schutte
was found, within ten feet of the face
of the tunnel. -
A policeman and two ambulance sur
geons were the first to enter the tunnel.
They ran along the track, which was
still lighted by Incandescent lamps, until
the>\. reached the great pile of bowlders
and crushed rock. The first victim found,
an Italian laborer, . was pinioned on a
Bhelf of the excavation by one leg, a
bowlder of about ten tons in weight hav
ing fallen on it. He was hanging head
downward, groaning in semi-conscious
ness. Tho«rocki that held him was re
strained from falling farther by a small
piece of stone insecurely wedged under
it. and an effort to move the^bowlder
would cause the Italian to be completely
crushed. The doctors then determined to
; When the. roar had ceased the cries of
the injured workmen re-eohoed through
the tunnel. An alarm was telephoned to
the police headquarters and reserves and
ambulances were immediately sent to the
scene. . • . • ' '
The tunnel was. being bored* by open
ing a perpendicular embrasure in the face
of the bore, and blasting the sides to the
right and left of these embrasures. Three
blasts were arranged by the drillers, the
holes being charged well toward the roof.
The drillers then withdrew and the blasts
were set eff in rapid succession by elec
tricity, loosening large quantities of earth
and rock. About ten minutes elapsed to
allow the smoke to clear away before
Timothy Sullivan, the foreman, and Elec
trician Schutte advanced, the latter in
tending to string wires and hang electric
lamps to light the way. They were fol
lowed by sixteen workmen. The van
guard of the gang had scarcely reached
the broken stone when a rumbling sound
was heard." It grew In volume with light
ning-like rapidity. Those in the rear had
Just time to turn about and run when,
with a deafening crash, hundreds of tons
of rock fell on the men at the face of the
boring.
The drillers and two. or. three Italians
who were out of reach of the deluge of
rock were knocked flat on their faces by
the rush. of wind driven through the tun
nel..;,, . . ;.:.,.: 'A
\ NE W ; YORK. Oct. 23.— Ten lives were
last by;the cave-in of the roof and walls
of the ; subway v tunnel at One Hundred
and Ninety-fifth • street last night, and
four persons were badly injured. All of
the, dead and Injured were workmen and
.most of them. Italians. The -jad: '
TIMOTHY SULLIVAN, foreman.
WILLIAM SCHUTTE, electrician.
. . GUISEPPE B ARONO.
STANJ&ONE BRUNE.
LOUIS TIPPIO.
Five unidentified Itali/n laborers.'
The injured: Juno Pasquaie, Alphonse
Armatello, Juno Baki, Batasto Velantio'.
The accident was the most disastrous
that has occurred on the construction of
the subway. At the point where the
cave-in occurred a ~ gang of twenty men
were at . work in the tunnel, which is
about 110 feet below the surface.
Rufus C. Hunt, general superintendent
of the tunnel work, said to-day that two
converging seams had appeared in the
tunnel during Saturday. The presence of
the seams, however, was not believed to
indicate any more dangerous character
of the rock than had previously been.en
countered, although it was thought nec
essai'y to protect the roof with a number
of upright timber braces.
TONS OF BOCK FALL ON MEN.
Tons of Rock.
Pathetic Scenes Attend the Bemoval
, .of .the Bodies of the Workmen
1 : Who Were Buried Under
Superintendent and General
Foremiah Are Taken Into \
; ; >'; Custody. .
Accident in the Subway
Tunnel Is Charged to v
; Negligence^
Castro has not yet satisfactorily ex
plained his possession of a_ number of
pillow slips and portions of a woman's
garments. He says that they were given
to him by a Chinese, but the officers be
lieve they were stolen in one of the towns
near here, probably Concord. Constable
Benjamin V. £oto of Concord reports
that Castro attempted; kidnaping in that
locality, recently, but not to such an;ex
tent that he could be arrested.
The child said to-day that
Castro drove up the street and asked her
if she wanted. a ride/ At first Bhe an
swered in the negative, but the kidnaper
was persistent and promised the little girl
the young man assisted in the arrange
ments to steal the child and that he was,
in fact, chiefly responsible. Tho ' officers
reserve their opinion, as to the truth of
the ex-convict's story, but the fact that
Young traveled with Castro has seemed
to lend some color to the theory of the
former's participation in the crime.
Until this morning Castro maintained a
resolute silence regarding the events , of
last night. When finally he was induced
to talk he promptly endeavored to fix the
responsibility on Young. This resulted in
Young's arrest. The Boy stated to the po
lice that he had journeyed from Concord
to Martinez with Castro, that the horse
attached, to their buggy had been tied,
tbat ho wandered. about town and- that he
knew nothing more of Castro until the
latter's arrest. This statement by Young
Is considered true, because several per
sons saw him on the streets before the
child's disappearance and during the pro
gress of the search for tha kidnaper.
POLICE DOUBT STORY.
Young Companion of Castro Also Is Arrested for Sus
pected Complicity in the Attempted Stealing of a
Child and Citizens Are Still in an Ai^^SMpSd
TEN LIVES
ARE LOST BY
THE CAVE-IN
MARTINEZ OFFICERS HOLD
EX-CONVICT FOR KIDNAPING
The father of the child had a conference
r-ith District Attorney H. V. Alvarado to
day, and a charge of kidnaping will be
placed against Castro to-morrow.
a pretty birthday present. This overcame
the misgivings of Adele and she consent
ed to go. Castro helped her into the bug
gy and drove away rapidly.
To Cure a Cold in ' One Day
Take • laxative rtromn Quinine Tablet* * All
OrurrUts refund the money if It falls to cure
E. W. Grove's signature la on each box. '25a. •
1 with to 'dwell usori certain thoughts §ug-
Pfsttd by three different quotation*: In the
Pntylzm. "Thou rhall serve the JU>r<J with all
thy heart, with nU thy soul and with all thy
mind* : the next. "Be yo, therefore, wise as
K-rpents and hartclcse a.i «ovcs," and flnnllv
""We. being ready both in body and soul may
therefor*" accomplish these things which thou
« omtrandest."
% i't have the ritht to claim from you not
merely that you sliull have heart in your wo-k
»iut that ;ou *hall give the beat that your
minds have tot to i*. also. In the eternal and
•j^rniilnjr war: are for ristileou*n«»«s and against
<-\JI the friend* oT what 1h rood need to re
m-iubfr t!iat in adJltlon to being decent they
must »»!• ofticient; that eood lntt-?t!on« hljth
•junw^p^. cannot bo effective nnd a (tab'stltute
ror :Jo»-rr to make those purpose*, those In
trntioiin fe!t !n nctloa. ' V,'e must have the
r.jrpcse and the inten'Ja*. If oar powers are
r.nt ruided arlrlit It i* Letter that ¦.ve Fhould
BOt have thorn at all: l>ut !n addition to belnic
r»tded aright we mt!« have the power also:
}f»i irast cultivate the pow«r nito. In the sec
ond c/jotatlon remember tbat wo are told not
nm-Ir to be harmlefs'an dove*, but also to
be wl*e as serpents. We are not to be ex-
WAEFAEE AGAINST EVIL.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 25. - "Intelliffent
Senrlce to God and to the State" waa the
subject of an address by President
Roosevelt to the 7000 people who attended
the public open-air missionary service at
Mount St. Albana this afternoon, on the
grounds of the Cathedral of St. Peter
and Bt. Paul. The President was accom
panied by Mrs. Roosevelt. Admiral
Dewey and Brleadier General John A.
Wilson. After a procession led by the
marine band in cassocks and -a choir of
500 voices, the clergy of the Diocese of
Washington and tha Bishops of the
Anglican Communlcrts of America, the
opening prayers were read by Bishop
L>oane of Albany. The President was in
troduced by Bishop Eatterlee. At the
ciose of the Presidents address, the
Most Rev. Enos Nuttall, Archbishop of
the West Indies, asked permission to Eay
a word on behalf of the British people.
Speaklne. as he said, for them, he to-ld
of the "reverence and respect" which all
Englishmen feel for the President of the
I tilted States and Theodore Roosevelt,
"the man and the Chris:ian/' He de
ciared that England welcomed the expan
sion of the United States into a world
power and that if President Roosevelt
«hbuld visit England he would receive the
greatest welcome extended a foreign vis
itor. *
The President epoke. in part, as follows:
President Delivers i Ad
dress at Missionary
Service.
In the seventh hymn which we sang in the
last line you all joined In clnglng. "God save
the State." Do you intend merely to sing that
or to try to do It? If you Intend merely to
s!ng it your part In doing it will be but Email.
The state will be saved. If the Lord puts it
Into the heart of the averare man to bo chape
his life that the etato shall be worth saving;,
and only on these term*. We need civic rlght
eouRnc»s. The best constitution that the wit
of man has ever devised; the. best institution*
that tl<e ablest *tfite«men in the world have
ever reduced to practice by law or\by custom
shall be or no avail If they are not vivified by
the spirit which makes a state great by rnak
lnsr It honctt, Juat and brave In the first place
I do not a*k you as practical believers in ap
plied Christianity to take part one way or the
ether In matters that are merely political.
There are plenty of questions about which man
can nnd do differ very pr»atly and very In
tensely about which the triumph of either side
may be compatible with the welfare of the
«ate. But their are certain rreat principles,
•ucta an those nhich Cromwell would have
cajlcd fundamentals, concerning which no man
has a right to have but one opinion. Such a
question is honesty. If you have- not honesty
In the average private citizen or public servant
then all else goes for nothlncr. The better a
man !« the more dexterous, the shrewder, the
bolder, the more dangerous he 1« If he has not
the root of right living and right thinking In
him— and that U* private life. and. even more.
in public life. Exactly an In time of war, al
though needed in each nghtlnx man far more
than courage, yet all else counts for nothing
If there Is not courage upon which to base U.
So In our civil life, although we'need that the
avempo man In prlv»te life, mat the average,
publ'.fj >>ervant. shall have far more than hon
esty, yet all other Qualities go for nothing or
for worse than nothing unless . honesty under
lie* them— not onJy the honeetv that keeps 'It*
*k!rts technically clear, but the honesty that
Is euch as the spirit as well as the letter, of the
law. the honesty that Is aggressive, the hon
«!«>• that not merely deplores but . that war*
arainst it and tramples it under foot. I ask
for that type of Jjonesty. I ask ' for militant
honesty: for the honesty of tb» kln<1 that m<«kes
tho*» who have It discontented, with themselves
vn long us' they have failed to do everything
tbst In them lie* to ftamr« out dishonesty
r.-hr-revfr It can be fou«6V In. high nlaee* or In
low. And let us n n t flatte' cfhmelves that It
Is r<9«s!bl* ultlmr.telr fo* th* ¦ people - to cast
vptj any but ihTnsolvp* tbe re*pmf>ib'!!ties for
th<* *h»ro the Oovernmrnt «nd the social and
p->l't!cal Hfe of the community mromep;, I ask.
th»n. tv.at our r>Mv>l« : T**\ qrilekfned within
them th* burning Indignation against wrong In
•«-#rr Fha;>e vhlrb 'rhall take offect in rrvn-
euvedallv conflptnnatl«n of that
Ti-rnrsr whether fornd in ' privat* life or public
life at the moment.
CIVIC RIGHTEOUSNESS.
cused If we do not show both qualities. ¦ It
is not very much praise to give a' man to say
he is harmless. We have . a< right to ask that
in addition to the fact that be do»s no harm'
to any one h« shall possess the wisdom and the
strength to da good to his neighbor. Finally
we a*k that we may be made ready both in
body and in soul that we' may cheerfully ac
complish three things that we are commanded
to do both In body and in soul; that we shall
fit ourselves physically and mentally, fit our
selves by the way in which w« work with th«»'
weapons necesgary for dealing with this life
no le«A than with the hlrher, spiritual weap
ons; fit ourselves thus to do the work command
ed, and, moreover, do it cheerfully, Small is
our use tor the man who Individually helps
any of up and shows that he does It grudslngty.
I would rather not- be helped than be hfilped
in that way. -We have a rljrht to ask a cheer
ful, heart, a right to atk a buoyant and cheer
ful spirit erooner those to whom is granted the
privilege of dolr.g the Lord's work in this
world. The chance to do work, the duty to
do work, U not & penalty. .It Is a privilege.
Locked in the jail with Castro is Ralph
Young, 19 years old. He is accused of
having been an accomplice in the at
tempted kidnaping. Castro declares that
remained in the prison two years and was
discharged July 8, 1901.
YOUNG MAN ACCUSED.
MEXICAN WHO ATTEMPTED KIDNAPING AT MARTINEZ. AND THE
LITTLE DAUGHTER OF A BLACKSMITH FOR WHOM NEARLY TWO
HUNDRED CITIZENS OF THE TOWN MADE SEARCH. :
THOUSANDS HEAR
CHIEF EXECUTIVE
Castro, the burly Mexican who sought
to steal little Adelaide, who is familiarly
known here as "Adele," Is. an ex-ccnvict.
He has already served two terms in the
San Quentin penitentiary. 1 On the second
occasion he was sent from Santa Barbara
County on a charge of grand larceny. He
nation aroused In them last
night by Andrew Castro's villainous at
tempt to kidnap the four-year-old child
of the Chatham family.
To-day's developments have not served
to temper the wrath of the populace, but
rather have increased it- The Investiga
tion made by the authorities has resulted
in revelations which the citizens think
abundantly warranted the threat3 of
l.\nching that sounded . around the City
Jail last night.
MARTIXEZ, Oct. 25.— The people
of 3lartlnez .have had a difficult
time to-day In diminishing to a
law-and-order degree the lndia:-
Special Dispatch to The. Call,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; OCTOBER 26, 1903.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S grcatJ
(^MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
\ C - Tb« Lareot A rutomicil Muicura in the \
V , ,_B World. Weakness*! or any comticted g
7 &S 8 « <Jise»t« p»«ltJ*«-ly emt+A by the oldtit T
O lli««l Sp*euii»too i^eCoiu. E*c.36yetn. 0
SA sW & DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM 6
l$$rlb 5 Cansultattna free and itiictly printc \
i i£x4L II Truanjirnt p<-r»oiuliy «r by letter. A m
fl fir « H fontit* CW<m rrcryciMaodimkta. \
Hi A fh Write for Book. rBlLOnOPIT*! A
I [I |r« MARIIIACK. MAILE3 FUSE. (\f
A O & w»laibl« book far ¦>'¦) \
/ UK- JUCDAN A CO.. 1031 M.irtft SL. S. F. 9
EVERyfiLADEMRRANIB
POLITICAL CARDS.
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
SMITH
(INCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
-1
I For Public Administrator!
William E. Lutz
"""[Republican Nominesf
; For Assessor:
Democratic Nominee.
- For Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis
Chairman Street Commltt-s of Prestat Bou4
of 8up«rn«on». .
Democratic' Nominee
Union Labor Party Nominee.
' . . ! - . /. ' . /J)VEKTISEMENTS. " ¦ ' --.V; ;.
__ ¦' ; • •¦ ' •" 1' 1 'him 11 i'iii - 1 - "¦ 1 I --
Jffl$$k This is the first of a series of advertisements
I |l ( Our stock of cloth contains every pattern and
I jj weave that is identified with the season. It matters
I i not what you want- we have it, if it's manufactured.
(^^^^^^^^^^m^m^m^ ' « with such an assortl ™ nt t0 choose from you
S^iP&^^^^^^^^^^B / i are sure to find somethin g that is particularly pleasing.
B^0t^^^^^^^^^^^MSm 1 A11 our cloth is bou^ ht direct from the mills in
i^^B^iH^™BBBHBil^"l immense quantities. The buying of the cloth, the
\ < volume of. business and the fairness of our profit
i enable us to save you fully SJ.00 on a suit.
f^^&^^^^^^^^m^l -I ' We make suits and overcoats to order from
I * $10.00. up." At $l>.00 we are showing an elegant
I: V ¦ |M V:'! 'I I li ne °f patterns that you will find among other tailors'
IS^^-^^^^^SfeS^'^^®- ' I Better come in to-day and look over our new
% Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customers
: -M through our self-measuring system — write for blank and samples.
ADVEBTTOEMENTS. • • ' _
IP Hence the vast army who Jj|
V \ SMWE THE BMftHSS fflf
flPi >lk ' TW ° BandS ffOm RECRUIT CI GARS are equal MBA
l^^^^a in Securin^ presents. <dS?^ mlJOL1ET.- I1L, Oct. 23.— Motorman Bou
ray fell in a faint and roiled from the
platform of his car on the Chicago and i
Jollet electric line to-day and the car {
plunged down a steep hill at a terrific •
speed. The only passenger. Miss Anna !
Westbourg, jumped and was painfully ',
bruised. At the foot of the hill the car j
struck and killed Peter Eharp. aged IS, f
and. jumping the track, crashed into and
Trr«-cked the dwelling of Charles Hollstin. '
Mrs. Hollstin escaped by Jumping through .
awlaCov. ¦¦- — .-— - — — — >-^^si
Vehicle Kills a Young Man and,
Jumping the Track, Wrecks
s. Dwelling.
WILD FLIGHT OF ELECTRIC
CAB, DOWN A STEEP tttt.t.
A. W. Workman. living at TDO Gladys ave- i
nue, at a late hour last night. t
Miss Workman was returning .'• from j a .
trip downtown and had just got off. a/car,
when between Ruth and Gladys avenues,
on Agatha street, a man sprang" out of
an alley, seized the young woman . by , the
arm and demanded money. Miss .Work
man screamed loudly and resisted the at
tempt to get her purse. The thug:- struck
her twice with his fist, but bearing ap
proaching footsteps, desisted and ran.
The Dolice* were notified about midnight
and several J offlcers were detailed on the
case. . This was the second hold-uo • dor- »
Jng = |tofc^Brtn,K\--~--* --~: — ~ *- -N^i
man held up and attempted to rob Miss
Los Angeles Thug Fails to' Obtain a *
Purse and Uses IT** . . -
Fists.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 2S.-A highway-
HIGHWAYMAN ATTEMPTS ' i':H
BOBBEBY OP A WOMAN
Henry Page, captain of tne waiters em
ployed In the ladles* grill at the Palace
Hotel, shot himself at 11:20 o'clock last
night through the breast. -
Page_ who Is a married man. and the
father of two children, lives with his fam
ily at 19 Ewinsr place.. For some time he
has been suffering acute pain In one of
his feet and had been to one. of the clinics
of the city for treatment. As .he obtained
no relief he threatened that he would
shoot himself, but Mrs. Pase did not be
lieve for a moment that the threat j was
seriously made. At the hour named, how
ever. Page left his bed and without warn
ing: to his wife went into the hall and de
liberately shot himself.
He was taken to the Central Emergency
Hospital and after'an examination of the'
wound Dr. J. V. Leonard, who attended
him. gave little hope for his recovery.
Suffering Prompts Henry Page, Cap
tain of Waiters at Palace Hotel,
to Attempt Suicide.
TAIN IN FOOT GOADS :
MAN TO SHOOT HIMSELF I
SALINAS. Oct. S.— Three bodies In one
coffin arrived here to-night from Pacific
Grove. They were these of the victims
cf Mrs. Iverson's religious frenzy. By the
same train she arrived, gaunt and hag
gard, looking straight ahead, apparently
unheedful of the great crowd gathered
at the derwt.
From the husband and others It Is
learned that ever since the birth of the
Infant Mrs. Iverson has been 111 and at
times out of her mind, but as her hallu
cinations appeared slight nothing was
thought of them. About three weeks ago,
thinking that a change of scene and air
might benefit his wife, Iverson took her,
with their four children, to Pacific Grove
and installed them In a cottage.
Mrs. Iverson had said she would be
back In Salinas last night and when her
eight-year-old son arrived home alone
both Iverson and his mother-in-law. Mrs.
P. Jorgenson. were thunderstruck. To
their questions the little boy said:
"Mama sent me to tell you that Louise
was sick and that she had given her med
icine. Louise looks white and Is very
quiet and don't talk. Mamma wants you
to com* over."
Alarmed at his son's statement, Iver
son drove over to Pacific Grove. Upon
One Daughter Hay Have Been Killed
on Friday. »
BODIXS AT SALINAS.
Her husband, who is about 35 years of
age. comes from one cf the best-known
families in Sal'-as, where he has spent
all his life. H* Is an industrious, pros
perous mechanic and stands high in the
estimation of all who know him. The
couple were married In Salinas about
fourteen years ago and their life until
the present time was a happy one.
Mrs. Iverson, who Is about 32 years old
and of Danish descent, has spent most of
her life in Salinas, where she was highly
respected. She was of a pleasant dispo
sition and had never given any indica
tions of Insanity. She was a devout mem
ber cf the Danish Lutheran Church, but
has never shown any tendency to relig
ious mania.
ken to Salinas to-night and to-morrow
will be examined by a board of lunacy
commissioners. The bodies of the chil
dren have been taken to Salinas for in
terment.
Continued From Page 1, Column 1:
To-night a meeting of the exccutiTe
coisaJttee of the Butte Miners' Urion Is
being held behind closed doors. '
F. Augustus Heinze, In a statement to (
the public to-day, rays that the offer of {
the Bctte Miners' Union of COO a share •
for the MacGlnniss stock In the Boston i
and Montana Company Is Just half > of •
what MaeGlnnlss was offered for his
stock a year ago.
A telegram was also received from I
Governor J. K. Tool* signifying his in
tention of Joining in efforts to effect t
peace between the warring copper Inter- {
erts. <
ST. PAUL. Minn.. Oct. 25.— United States
Senator Parts GIbecn. Great Falls: Message
received. Have received menage from Herbert
Str»ln and can only add that if I can be of any
assistance I shall be enly too glad to do every
thing In my power to relieve situation.
JAMES. J. KILL.
ST. PACU Minn.. Oct. 25. — To Herbert
Strain. President Business Men's Association.
Great Fells: Message received. Would be
very acch pleased to assist, but there mast be
ecnie indication ef willlr-raess on part ef dis
putants er eSorts in the direction proposed will
wccotaplUb nothlrjf. JAMES J. HILL.
The thousht cf the citizens who ini
tiated this plan was that this committee
could act between the parties to the cop
per war and the courts in any way that
they might think best as soon as they
could consult each other.
From President J. J. Hill of the Great
Northern the following messages were
received to-clpht:
Last evening telegrams were sent from
Great Falls to Senator W. A. Clark In
this city. Governor J. K. Toole at Helena.
Representative Joseph Dlxon at Wash
ington, and J. J. Hill, president of the
Great Northern, asking each of them If
th-ey would act with the ether gentlemen
named and Senator Gibson in an effort to
mediate between the warring copper In
terests with a view to keeping open the
mines and smelters of the Amalgamated
Company. The telecrams were the out
come of the consultations of the Business
Men's Association of Great Falls, and
were as follows: •; 'X' : ',
Senator W. A. CUrk. Batt<»: "Would you «et
as a member ef mediation committee between
warrin* ccsper companies of this State, other
raecsb*T» to b* Senator Gib«on. Governor Tocle.
Congressman Dixon and President Hill of the
Great Northern Company. In an endeavor to
cpen mines and smelters of tbe Amalgamated
Copper Comyany In Montana?
Before taking any steps In the matter.
Senator Gibson was consulted. He ap
proved the plan and said he would be
only too happy to do anything that he
could in the matter.
Late last night. Senator Clark was
heard from by the following telegram:
BUTTE. Oct. 24.— Herbert Strain, president
cf the Baslatss Men's Association. Great Falls:
VTin be glxA to act with the ttentletnen tamed
and set what may be done. "VV. A. CLARK.
Late last night an effigy of Judge
Clancy was discovered hanging in one of
the principal streets of Gr»at Falls, where
the big electrolytic smelters of the Bos
ton and Montana Company are located.
The perpetrators of the deed are unknown
to the iK>Uce.
The city to-nfffht. though thronged with
idle crowds. Is quiet, the announcement
of Judge Clancy's abandonment of the
hunting trip apparently having exercised
a soothing Influence.
Indignation is still rife over the de
parture from the city of John Mac-
Ginntss.
still being employed In keeping- the mines
drained of water.
Bad feeling had existed between the
two men because of clashes over author
ity. Both were prominent in railroad cir
cles and have families. Roller was 4S and
Bentley 12 years of age.
MOUNT VERNON, Ky., Oct. 23.— At
I-tvingston to-day B. N. Roller, master of
trains on the Livingston division of the
Louisville and Nashville Railroad, was
shot and killed by A. H. Bentley. master
mechanic cf the same road. Bentley sur
rendered and claims self-defense.
"Waster Sfechanic of the Louisville
and Nashville Railroad Kills
the Train Master.
CLASH OVEB AUTHORITY
BESTJLTS IN SHOOTING
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2i— Impressive »«-r
te*9 were held to-d»y at thegrara of General
Albert Pike, formerly sovereign cotsmaraier ol
the Supreme Coancil of Scottish Rite Masocs
of the Southern Jurisdiction.
INSANE MOTHER ENDS THREE LIVES
The others at the wedding, besides Mrs.
Hooper, the bride's mother, were: George
Kent Hooper of San Francisco, the
bride's brother, who was best man; Lieu
tent Perry of the United States army, sta
tioned at Fortress Monroe, and Mrs. Per
ry, the bride's sister, and Miss Margaret
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 25.— After a
courtship beginning with child
hood, two young: members of San
Francisco society were married
at Hotel Bellevue at 3 o'clock
tills afternoon after a hurried trip had
been made across the continent by the
bridegroom.
The bride was Hiss Rosa Hooper,
daughter of the late Major W. B. Hooper,
for twenty rears the ¦widely known pro
prietor of the Occidental Hotel In the
Golden Gate city. The bridegroom is
Charle3 Albert P'.otner, who is In the in
surance business in San. Francisco. The
marriage was performed by the Rev. Al
fred P. J- McCIure-
The bride came here with her mother,
who Is under medical treatment. Mr.
and Mrs. Plotner left this evening for
New York. After a brief visit they will
return to San Francisco.
entering the cottage he was horrified to
find h!s three children cold in death, with
his wife apparently unconcerned.
Upon their arrival to-night the bodies
of the victims were taken to the morgue
and the mother to her home, where a
close watch is kept upon her. From inti
mate friends it is learned that for several
months cast she has done several Queer
things, claiming that she had been di
rected to do so by a supreme power. Ten
days ago her husband notified Dr. Par
ker of the facts and was advised to
watch her. It Is believed that she killed
her offspring while under one of these
spells. It Is stated that two of her un
cles .are Insane, one being- confined at
Napa and one at Highlands.
There Is great amazement here over the
crime, as both husband and wife were
born, raised and wedded in this place and
have always bcrne an enviable reputa
tion. Their families are among the leadt
ers of the Danish colony in the county.
Mrs. Iverson's eight-year-old boy. who
escaped death, has been crying all day
and now says that his sister, Louise, had
been white and still, refusing to talk or
even open her eyes since Friday after
noon. She was probably poisoned.
When the news was received this morn
ing about the triole murder, Peter Jor
geneon, father of the murderess, was In
formed. He fell unconscious from his
chair and still remains so. As be is TO
years* old and feeble, the doctors believe
he will not recover.
Miss Hooper Is tall, dark-haired and ex
tremely attracti\e. She wore at the wed
ding a pearl gray gown and a pearl gray
hat. ¦with a white ostrich plume. The
bride has traveled abroad a great deal
and has a high reputation on the PaciQc
Coast as a painter of miniatures.
As the family could be together In tnls
city and as the young patr desired to be
married as soon as' possible, the bride
groom and the' bride's brother "were tele
graphed that the joyous opportunity had
come, and immediately hurried across the
continent.
"Yes,*" Mrs. Hooper replied, "you may
perform my daughter's wedding ceremony
here on Sunday."
Dale of New York, a close friend of the
Hooper family.
There was a pretty, sympathetic fea
ture about the wedding ceremony. For
several years Mr. Hooper was contrib
utor to the mission funds of the Church
house here. Recently Mrs. Hooper re
ceived a letter from Rev. Mr. McClure,
addressed to Mr. Hooper, asking for as
sistance for the mission. She came here
a day cr two ago and left a card for Mr.
McClure. The clergyman, who had never
met Mrs. Hooper, called afterward and
was greatly grieved to leara of the death
of her husband about three months ago
and asked whether he might be of any
possible service to her.
MRS. CHARLES ALBERT PLOTNER (FORMERLY MISS ROSA HOOP
ER), THE WELL KNOWN SAN FRANCISCO YOUNG LADY WHOSE
MARRIAGE IS REPORTED FROM PHILADELPHIA.
NORFOLK. Va.. Oct. S.— Four hand
some cottages at Virginia Beach were de
stroyed early to-day by fire that for a
time threatened the entire summer resort.
Only two of the cottages were occupied,
that belonging to Hugh C.Davis by E. C.
Fosburg. the lumber merchant, and his
family, and that of Rev. Tucker occupied
by N. M. Bateson. The Fosburgs escaped
In their night clothes. The loss will be
heavy.
Fire Visits a Summer Resort.
A letter came to Mrs. Flynn telling her
that the man who had kept her constant
ly In his memory would soon be In Port
land. At the time she- was living ber«
with her mother and the captain wai «rell
received when he reached Portland. So«
the love of the soldier and young woman
was far from dead, and Captain Steed
man had been in Portland a little over
one week when they were married.
when the soldier was ordered Into the re~
cruitins service with his station at Kan
sas City.
LAREDO. T«x.. Oct. 23k — T«llow fever eoal!
tions Kst* so far tmsror«d thmt ti«r» Is CO
longer docbt that ta a shert tiro* tl» dlseas*
wil! fcare be«n entirety ataissrd out.
lion <2o"&rs was Wall street's estimate cf
the pxoflts ntade by a group cf capitalists
t ? the result of the recent manipulation
• cf Amalgamated Copper stock. These
men. said in Wall street to be the Rocke
feller group cf millionaires, have expend
ed most cf their profits, it is believed, in
¦buying the capital stccic cf the Amalga
mated Company.
According tc a statement made to-day,
the men who were In the pame have Si?.-
OOCUQOO cash left, plus the entire capital stock
booty. The genera! pub.ic. which bought
the stock above par on representations
that It was Standard Oil property, has
tost mere than J1S3. 000,000 in the enter- j
prtee. _ |
BCTTE, Mcnt.. Oct. 2.— The most Im- j
rortant development in the copper war i
situation to-day was the fa?t that Judge j
Wiuiam Clancy decided to forego his in- ;
t<=r.tlcn cf shooting elk while thousands of
• Ic miners are locking to him for what- '
ever relief I? j>cssible. Judge Clancy to- j
tisy suite (1 that he will not leave the city ;
and wiil do all he can to expedite the ap- •
pea] from, his decision to the Supreme |
Cosxt.
A local committee of the Miners' Union !
vnired upon the Judge this afternoon and j
had a Ic-rrg consultation with him en the j
f-bject cf postponing his hunting trip, j
The Judge had elreadj- informed Mayor j
r-!u"ir.? that he had decided to give rzp ;
tr.e trip. The fact that a number of armfd j
men were around the depot last night i
tih.-r. it was reported the Judge intended!
leaving the rity eause-3 th<? Mayor to take '¦
?¦xtra. rrecautiens locking to the personal ,
protection of Judge Clancy.
Every comer cf the city is being guard- ]
ec closely and a number of special police- j
men hare already been Impressed into •
f-T - . ":>¦<». All Saturday ni:rht four police-!
tt> r. fruarded the home cf Judge Clancy I
an'i two the heme of Judge Hamey. '
Ilayrr Mallins said to-niay that he wou!<i j
r mplcy 3-Y- special pciicemen if he found i
tbe 5itu5.tlon warranted it. While there
bam t-een no unusual demons trations. the ;
Mayor says he will take every precaution i
to rr*»v.?*:t anything that might incite riot I
ir ciscrdrr.
Smoke is ftll! irsuir-g from the Colorado i
and Wash©* Smelters, but It ii stated
that fires will probably be withdrawn ,
ir. fcrth piirsT* t»-nifffct or to-mcrrow. The i
- -Tf- 1 -.«¦>-«» a_id riimpmca. ax ail the prep-;
trtits of "the Ama!gamate<l Company are i
NETV YORK. Oct. 25.— Seventy-five mil-
£pei*I Dirra-tch to Xbt Call
PORTLAND. Ore.. Oct. S.— At the resi
dence of the bride's mother Captain
Richard R. Steedman, U. S. A., and Mrs.
Jessie E. Flynn were married last evening
and one more lovers' quarrel had a happy
ending. .-¦•*•¦".
Before the Spanish-American war of
1S38 Captain Steedman, then a lieuten
ant, was stationed at Fort Douglas.
Utah. He met Miss Jessie Bean of Salt
Lake. They fell in love and to all ap
pearances the affair was settled. Bu: in
some way, the details of which are a se
cret between them, a lovers' tiff resulted
In the separation of the pair. .
Believing himself cast aside. Lieutenant
Steedman went with his regiment, the
Sixteenth United States Infantry, to
Cuba at the outbreak of the war. In a
vain effort to put all thoughts of love
behind him he plunged gallantly into the
Santiago campaign. He served with dis
tinction in the battle of San Juan and
before the surrendtr cf btwitiago. For
bravery he was recommended for promo
tion as brevet major.
In Porto Rico a separate command was
found for the dashing young soldier.
After h!s service there he was trans
ferred to the Philippines, where- he again
distinguished himself. In letters from
friends he bad learned that the girl who
once had gladly listened to his tale of
love had allied herself with another, a
Mr. Flynn of Salt Lake.
A ehort time before Captain Steedman
returned to the United States he learned
that his old sweetheart had been parted
by law from the man she married. A
correspondence began between the pair
and they were on very friendly terms
Special Dispatch to The Call.
After Distinguished Military Service
in the Philippines He Leaves
for a Time the Field for
the Altar.
Capitalists Believe That Most of the
Ucrey Was Spent in Securing
Ccntrcl cf the Amalgam
ated Company.
Wall Street Estimates Sum
Cleared Up by Copper
Manipulators.
Jam»s L. Blair's life is insured for
SI.-50.0C-). some cf Thich insurance is
held by James Campbell and other prom
inent local brokers. X'ntil the recent
talk connected with his name and his
subsequent physics! rolls pse. due to
worry and mental suffering. Blair's
health was robust and he was accounted
one of the best life insurance risks in
the country.
In a statement made this morning to a
local pap-er. Evans R. Dick of Dick Bros,
declared that they had no account on
their books with Bt=.:r and that none of
their clients had invested any money for
years through Blair.
In a statement made to-day by Judge
James A. Seddon. Blairs former law
partner, he asserted that the statement
given cut by Blair purporting to be from
George S. Graham of Philadelphia, at
torney for Dick Bros. & Co.. to the effect
that Blair had settled with them and
that they never cade any charges of
crime against him. was forged.
Mrs. Bteir refuses to b» seen. Blair
himself is la a seml-eot^scious state,
unable to talk to sny oce. Vven his phy-
Ficir.n.
enable him to recover. An overdose of
the drug sired Eir.Ir from immediate
death and he h^s a fighting chance for
life.
million dollars, lies at the point of death
tonight as the result of an overdose of
morphine. Whether it was taken with
suicidal intent or by error the physician
!n attendance refuses to say.
Dr. Hotaa^. v.-ho is attending Blatr.
ss.ys th<* crisis wiii coin* before mom
ing and that if BUir lives through the
night his magniSeent physique should
ST. LOUIS. Oct. Zo. — James L. Blair.
! former counsel general of the Vv"orl<l's
1 Fair, accused by Attorney James T. Rob-
I erts of embezzlement, forgeries and de
i faleatior.s aggregating: almost a half
S-eclaJ Dispatch to The Call
To-day McCtcre found them playing la
the front yard and enticed them with
candy to take a ride with him.
After surrendering McClure admitted
the murder to the turnkey and said he
had killed his children because his wife
refused to see him. He said:
**I decided to be revenged and drove
down the read to a little clump of trees.
My children were asleep In the buggy.
I stopped the Jolt awoke my Uttls
boy. Dee. He locked up at m« and said:
"i-apa. what are you going to do?" I
held my hand over his eyes and took my
guzt from my pocket and shot him in the
forehead, killing him instantly. The shot
awoke little Homer and I took him by the
shoulder and fired a shot Into his head.
They both fell to the bottom of th»
buggy. I drove the horse to the side of
the road and laid their bodies out on the
withered grass.
"The neighbors will lynch me when
they find out what I have done. I do
not care what you do with me. I ass
ready to die and expect to hang for this
crime. All that I ask is to see my dear
little ones buried."
MARION. Ind.. Oct. S.-Jesse McClura.
a farm 'employe, murdered his two sons,
aged 5 and 7 years, this afternoon near
Franklin because his wife refused to sea
him. Later McClcre drove to this city
and surrendered. To-night It was learned
that a mob was forming to come to Ma
rlon, and he was spirited from the Jail
here and started for Indianapolis.
Mrs. McClure had taken her children to
her father's home.
Resolutions were passed by the news
boys denouncing the telegraph company
for what they termed "tyrannic action in
discharging faithful employes without a
hearing and without cause."
The newsboys donated 515 for the beneflt
of the strikers and have declared an as
sessment of 10 cents a week from each
member.
At a meeting of, the Building Trades
Council to-day a committee was appoint
ed to arrange for an Indignation meeting
to protest against the employment of
girls.
Later in the day one of the girls was
followed by several boys, yelling at and
threatening her. The, gin paid no atten
tion to the crowd until one of the boys
struck h-r and then she struck back.
This was the signal for an attack on her
by the entire crowd, which had grown to
large proportions. Several men rushed to
the girl's aid and protected her until
policemen, by free use of their clubs,
scattered the strikers and their sympa
thizers. The girl delivered th« message
and returned to the office under police
escort. .V :i".
BOSTON*. Oct. 25.— Only on© disorderly
demonstration marked the third day of
the strike of the messenger boys em
ployed by the American District Tele
graph Company. Throughout the day sev
eral strikers were on picket duty in the
vicinity of the Western Union Telegraph
Company's T"Mn office on Main street.
The rickets tried to induce many of the
girl strike-breakers • to stop work, but
generally without any attempt at in
timidation.
Army Captain Marries Wo
man From He
Once Parted
Murders His Two Little Ones
Because Mother Refused
to See Him.
Angered by Employment of
Gentler Sex to Carry
Telegrams.
SI. 250,000
i Accused St. Louis Attorney s
Life Is Insured for
Wedding at Portland
Reveals a Story of
Cupid's Triumph.
Deal Costs Public Much
Mors Than Double
That Amount.
Unnatural Revenge of
an Indiana Farm'
Employe.
Messengers Resort to
Violence to Win
Congest.
Near Death i"rom Acci
dent or Attempt at
Suicide.
Marriage of Charles Albert Plotner and Miss Rose
Hooper the Happy Sequel to a Courtship That
Began When the Two Were * Playmates
STOCK RAID
PROFITS ARE
$75,000,000
LOVE CROWNS
THE ROMANCE
OF A SOLDIER
KILLS CHILDREN
TO SPITE WIFE
JAMES L. BLAIR
TAKES MORPHINE
SAN FRANCISCANS WED
IN QUAKER CITY HOTEL
BOSTON STRIKERS
ATTACK A GIRL
THE SAX FRAjSCISCO CALIi. MONDAY. OCTOBER 26, 1903.
3
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rat* of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cove- prepayment of
transportation charges.
The Call'* Cook Book prem-
icia offer will dosl on October
30, 1S03. and all readers of this
paper -who desire a copy of thi»
household treasure should not
fail to place- their order im-
racdiately.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
LOANS KTD2TEY PILLS.
judgTfor_yocrself
*v Is Better — Try aa Experiment cr !
Fr:tt C7 a Saa Fraadsco Citi-
zen's Experience?
gc^i-°th ir.g ne-sr is an experiment.
Must be prcred to be as represented.
The statement cf a manufacturer la not
c^nrtncln? proof of serit
But the indorsement of friends la.
Now, supposing you had a bad back,
A lasie, weak, or ichtngr one.
Would you experiment on it?
Yo-j will read of in£.i:>- so-called cures i
Indorsed by strangers from far-away
place*.
It's difTerer.t when the indorsement
ccrnes frcm heme.
Easy to prove local testimony.
Home Indorsement la the proof that
tacks every box of Doan's Kidney Ptlls.
Rea.d this case:
W. D. NicoL foreman rtrger at the Rls-
<5on Iron and Locomotive Works, resi-
dence S00 Mlnnesrta. street, Eays: "Some
nljrhta. after a hard day's work. I was
ectually doubled v? with backache. The
last attack ftiiita to me persistently for
over two weeks. It was more aerate than
any previous attack and lasted longer
Na-tcrally, on the cctlook for any means
. to help I happened to read an advertise-
ment about Doan's Kidney Pills in one of
cur daily papers, and I was so impressed
•with wfcat It eald that I tried the remedy
It stepped the aggravated attack. During
the last six months I have been entireJy
fr*e from kidney complaint or backache.""
Fnr sale by all deaiers. Prtc«\ ad cent*
Foster-MUbum Co., Buffalo, N. Y., sole
afents for the United States.
Remember the name. Doan'a, and take
r.o substitute.
®Vim. FIffor. Fitolitr for Mea.
34ORMGX BISHOP'S PILL*}
hav« be«a m ua« over crty
}«*rs fcr tb* leaders of tire
Mcrtnca Church aad their
followers. Positively cure the
worst casrs la eld and jousg
srlslsr from eSects cf s*If-
•base. «lss1i»lion. excesses cr
c!sa.r*tt» smokier. Ccr« Lest
Mac&ood. Iicrotency. Lest j
Power. Niriit Lorw* Insoia-
tls, PsJss la Back. Evil Desires. L*ae Bzci. i
Xerr&t* Debility. He»fiach», Unntnew to l£ar.
rj , *>=*» cJ Senses, gm *-* Varicocele cr Coa-
«tip*tloE, Stop Ner f^ ffJ na Tw.tcfctnr d
Eielifia. Everts are JT^lsiisedLate. Imp«n
tisor «---d potency **=¦«* »to every foncUon.
Ixin't ret AtrpooArnt, a care Is at hand. Re-
*tor«? s=*U. cnde%-e:ci>«l crr»=». Etl=ial«te
the- - -- :r. a.rA nerre c#ster»: 5Oc a bcx; o for
¦ 12 SO by tsm.IL A written roarastee to core or
ni'/ney rffnrKl*d with « be***- Circulars free.
MAn BISHOP REMEDT CO.. V> EI1!« »C
f^a Krsn-Uco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. CS
iM <Q Third St.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOItA-
* tcr a =.4 |fmliw_
The mc-st w^ccerfal aphroCstac asd Epeclal
.or.ic lor th* Sexaal Orxa=*, fer fcetii sexes. I
Tfce Mexican Kemedy for Diseases of the
K'.ir.err atui Ela-Ifier. Sells ca !ts own merits.
XAEEH. ALFS 4 BRCNE. A*est*.
S3 Mtrat «t.. S. F.— <S*ad fcr Ctrralan.)
Gl ¦ Fl B £>i Ar-=u.-.lti=c Bsstlrs aa4
? iiSfc 11 Fpcrtlsc Goods. Largest
C S r *5 '¦-'*»- l>*»«»t prlcca. b«s 1
vis \3 » lir.EVE * CAREER CO.
Vat i:«r*»: sx. *&4 2l<
Kcarar st.
Common "vanilla" is tonka :
not vanilla at all
Schilling's Best is tnr_-
vanilla, rich fine dainty.
Same of a?! Schilling's Best;
&t your grocer's.
ADVEBTISESIENT3.
• ' * *'* ¦-* " ••• "^^ • - *• •• CpmSjM "."- 1 •¦." •••••• — -•»• -#>¦*#•• • •« J '¦'+*'¦'»
A Sale of Men's Underwear
No store on the Pacific Coast has anywhere near as complete a line of
underwear as we — any material, color and style of garment that a customer
wants will be found in our stock.
We buy direct from the manufacturers, in large quantities, and conse-
quently undersell other stores. The prices you pay at this special sale are
lower than the retailers pay in buying from the jobbers.
QP a suit — Form fitting, cotton ribbed Un- tf*<^ Cft a sn^ — Extra fine form fitting
fl|5C derwear, in flesh, light blue, garnet and 9 J\Jlamb's wool Underwear, in liesh,
black; also cotton fleeced Underwear, ~* tan and vicuna; also fine quality
in blue, flesh and tan, regular price $1.25 a suit, gray wool; shirts have double front tad back;
, regular value, $3.00 a suit.
$1.30 glfi ii| -$2.70fii^;fe
g o.d : fine fleeced and well made; regdariy $«o £j clred e.e|ant " trfmt'd ; reg^S
a suit. ¦¦¦ price, $3.50 a suit.
tf "I TfsH a suit— Underwear in natural wool <RA Hfja suit — White cashmere Under-
J)1«|U and camels hair ' aIso Australian with pure silk stripes in blue
T* lamb's wool Cut-of-town Orders FMed-Write Us. and pink; form fitting,
and form fitting goods, in J- I A f~~~~~ — * kig* 1 grade; also extra
light blue, pink, brown £\ f"fr i^ £^\ ( I uaIit y worsted wool in
and tan ; regular price, VJ */ % W W 1 'J\J U Qk) I if* bIue an< * fiesh* customary
4 . . 740 Market Street. • ~Beware of the straight tip that Is handed
out gratuitously.
SAN JUAN. Porto Rico. Oct. 25.— On Octo
ber 24 the San Juan News published a fierce
attack upon toe Government. Immediately fol
lowing : tMs publication : local bankers served
a writ of attachment on the News on a promis
sory note for S6100. . . .
-At Coventry, England, all the % tcols and
steel work In a watchmaker's factory
were rendered useless by- being magnet
ized during a thunderstorm.
King Approves Appointment.
LONDON. Oct. 25.-KIng Edward has
approved the appointment of 8ir Henry
Mortimer Durand as British Embassador
to the United States.
Noted Sculptor Is Dead.
BUDA PEST. Oct. 25.— Johann Fadruss,
the sculptor, is dead.
FUNCHAL. Island of Madeira, Oct 23.—
The Columbia II arrived here last Friday
and will be overhauled. The Columbia II
Is a nineteen-foot sailing boat. In which
Captain Isen Brown left Boston August 11
alone to sail to Marseilles. On September
6 the craft was capsized and Brown was
thrown overboard, losing most of his pro
visions. He was picked. up on September
17 and after reprovisloning his boat re
sumed bis Journey.
Lone Mariner Arrives at Funchal.
N'EWyOBK, Oct. 25.— To-day was the
quietest that Dowie and his host have
passed since their invasion of New York.
Three services were ' held, In the early
morning, afternoon and evening, at the
latter two the Garden -being fairly well
filled. Tho proceedings* were marked by
the absence of any attempt at disturb
ance. The afternoon sermon presented no
novel features, being devoted to Dowie's
customary denunciation of Masonry and
Roman Catholicism.
Dowie Spends Quiet Sabbath.
PBACTTCE FOOTBAXL
GAME WON BY VAMPIRES
Defeat the Occidentals by a Score
of Five to Nothing
: at Alameda.
A- fast practice game of association
football was played yesterday on the
Alameda grounds by the Vampires and
the Occidentals. After two thirty-flve
minute halves the Vampires won by a
score of five goals to nothing. The
teams were made up of the following
players: J .*/.
Vampires — R. K. Amh. G. D. Martin, E. li.
Petersen (capt&ln). F. Harwood. A. A. Glar
ner, E. O. Lanrdale. %>mon 8. Ehowell, R.
H. Turner. F. W. Kay, R. T. Weaver. 8. W.
•ft'lltflng-.
tVeldentali— T. O. Lydon. E. Rlchter, T.
Lloyd. J. W. Smith. V. Holland. F\ Roihaurh
ne*ry. J. Condon. F. Holland. J. Bowden. w.
KxUy. XV. Haddock.
His words were high In hope ior the
future arid deep in thankfulness for the
reception accorded him. He ! had. come
clear across' the . continent to take charge
of the Fourth Congregational Church, he
caid, I and he felt not , only, at home , with
his : flock ' but* saw that he : was blessed
with , the support and enthusiasm of the
men, ¦ women and children of -the "cHurch.
In the evening, he was welcomed. by the
Intermediate Christian Endeavor Society.
Miss Ethel Davies being the leader. ,j.
Later there was a meeting of the Senior
Christian Endeavor Society, when the
Rev. Gee Gan, . who has. charge of the
Congregational Chinese Mission of this
city, spoke on the teachings of Confucius
and of Christianity. He compared the
teachings of Christ and Confucius and
The Fourth Congregational Church,
Stockton and Green streets, presented a
pretty appearance yesterday when the
great asse._blage of worshipers gathered
to Join in a union service and give cordial
welcome to the new pastor, the Rev. E.
L-. Walz, who has been called from his
church at Plainfleld. near Montpelier, Vt.,
to take charge of the church in the north
end of the city.
The call of the Rev. Mr. Walz to San
Francisco is for six months only, but the
members of the congregation whispered
last night that they were so pleased with
the pastor that they hoped his" stay. would
be prolonged far beyond that time.
From his pulpit, after being formally
welcomed ' by J. W. Hatch, the pastor
acknowledged the pleasure that was .his
at having been "called to San Francisco.,
AfT HOME WITH FLOCK.
General Funston has grown stout since
hia laet trip to Oakland. He has fully
recovered , from the effects of- hi# rigor
ous campaigning during the Spanish-
American War and is the .picture, of
health. Concerning himself,' or military
affairs, the young general had nothing to
cay to-day, explaining:
"There Is nothing In military; matters
that would be of special interest to 'the
public! I am only a visitor here to ar
range for the return of Mrs.. Funston and
the children with me lo Vancouver Bar
racks. I shall be here about a week." '
The Funstons expect to return to Van
couver Barracks, leaving in about a
week. With them will go th» two chil
dren, Arthur McArthur Funston ' and
Frederick y Funston Jr., the last named
having arrived during " Mrs. Funston's
present visit with her parents.
Brigadier General Frederick Funston,
U. 8. A., arrived to-day on leave from
Vancouver Barracks, Wash., to make a
Bhort visit with his wife's parents. Mr.
and Mrs. Otto Blankart, residing at 1319
Tenth avenue, East Oakland. Mrs.
Funston has been with her relatives for
several months.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadwav. Oct. 25.
ASHLAND. Wls., Oct. 25.— All of the 125
roomers in the Shores block, which was
destroyedyby fire early to-day, escarped
with their Iive3. A thrilling rescue was
that of Mrs. Weeks, wife of an abstrac
tor, who lived on the third floor. The lad
der raised to her room was too short and
It was necessary for Fire Chief Schaetzle
in rescuing her to stand on the top of
the ladder. Mrs. Weeks, clinging to the
window sill, was barely able to reach
his shoulders with her feet. She collapsed
and fell on his head and shoulders. The
Chief swayed for a moment, but by a
mighty effort succeeded in. steadying him
self and . bringing the woman to the
ground safely.
a Woman From a Burn
ing Building.
Nearly Loses His Hfe While Taking
FIRE CHIEF THE HEK0
OF A THRILLING RESCUE
Rev. R Walz, Recently
From East, Given a
Hearty Welcome.
Young General Arrives
for Short Stay in
Oakland.
WARMLY GREET
NEW MINISTER
Woman's Body Is Found.
Annie Curley. aged about 28 years.
who resided at the Carroll House, 126
Sixth street, was found dead in her room
at 12:30 oVloek this morning by F. Pons,
proprietor of the house. The body was
removed to the Morgue. It is the opin
ion of the authorities that death ensued
from natural causes. *A strange feature
of the case lies in the fact that at about
3:30 o'clock last night an old man called
at the Morpue and asked if the body of
Annie Curlfy was there. This was three
hours before the body was found by
Por.« and the case reported to the Cor
oner. It Is presumed that an acquaint
ance of the dead woman went to her
room, found the body and reported the
«ame to the nM man, who went to the
Monroe to view the remains. On being
assured that the bAdy of Annie Curley
wa* notat the Morgue the old man went
away, his' visit at the Morgue being re
called when the report reached there
that Annie Curley had been found dead
In her room. * -. ' '.v^ • .
I At 8 o'clock . to-morrow night a > recep
tion will be given' the Rev. Mr. and Mrs,
Walz at the churchy and on Thursday
night the choir and congregation will
leave the church -and .march to the
Mariners' Church, Sacramento and Drumm
streets, where a reception is to be given
the seamen in" port by the Christian En
deavor Society, under direction of the. poi
cial committee „ of - the Fourth Congrega
tional Church. W.H. .'Wiley, of- the Uni
versity of California will deliver an illus
trated lecture and will show for the first
time his pictures on "Mexico."
Miss Annie Nichols, Miss Ethel Nichols, Miss
Xettle Johnsen, Mies Selma Llndell, Miss Ethel
Davies. Miss LIHIe Johnson, Miss Laura Ras
musBen, Miss Abble Rasmussen, Miss Helen
Armstrong. Miss - Dorothy Oakley. Miss Olga
Ulbrandt. Miss Ida Asman, Miss Meta Basker
vllle.- Charles Andreau, . Wilfred Smith, Harry
Smith. Sergeant J Philip . Price, U. 8..A., and
Stanley Nlcholls. . . -..-..
The sacred songs and ensembles were
beautifully rendered. An address of wel
come on behalf of the Sunday-school was
presented to Mr. Walz by Miss Ruth
Ehlers and the key and constitution of
tho church, with -its list of officers and
members, were handed the pastor by Mr
Hatch.
The following named composed the
choir: 'y~:,ix ;¦¦¦¦'
GIVES KEY OF CHURCH.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Oct. 25.-In con
nection with the hearing of the will of
the late P. S. Bennett, which will be re
sumed to-morrow, It is understood that
Mrs. Bryan, wife of William J. Bryan,
one of the executors, will come to this
city to testify as to what part she took
in the drawing of the will and also as to
what occurred at the time. Mrs. Bryan,
it has been brought out at the hearing,
drew up on a typewriter the will, which
Bennett addressed to his wife, instructing
her concerning the $30,000 bequest to
Bryan.
showed how much deeper and more posi
tive were the lessons of Christ than were
those of Confucius, who, he said, was
largely negative.
The special praise service, which took
place still later In the evening, was un
der the direction of Miss Edith L. Bar
num, organist, assisted by Sergeant Philip
J. Price of the One Hundred and Fifth
Company, Coast Artillery, stationed at
the Presidio, and Miss Ethel Rogers.
Sirs. Bryan to Give Her Testimony.
FORT RILEY, Kant.. Oct. 25.-For a
ehcrt time to-day there was a possibility
that the regiments of the National Guard
would not receive their pay before de
parture. The paymasters were here with
the money, but they demanded that the
regular army officers detailed to muster
the military regiments should notify them
as to the time the National Guardsmen
left home, the length of time on the road
going and ermine and the duration of
camp duty. The mustering officers re
fused In every Instance to comply with
the majority of these requests on the
ground of lack of personal knowledge.
For a short time there was a deadlock,
but Adjutant General Mayes stepped Into
the office, certified to the facts In each
case, supplied the certificates to the mus
tering officers who turned them In with
their muster rolls', and the National
Guardsmen were assured of their pay be
fore leavine for home.
The maneuvers for to-morrow will com
prise th« attack and defense of an in
trenched position.
FORT RILEY MANEUVERS
ARE DRAWING TO A CLOSE
Considerable Difficulty Experienced
in- Settling the Payroll for
National Guardsmen.
HIGHLAND LIGHT. Mass.. Oct. 23.— In
the gale last night the fishing schooner
Dawson City, from Gloucester, went
ashore off Race Point. Captain Fisher
and his crew of life savers succeeded In
landing nine of the crew of eighteen, but
in an attempt to board the vessel the sec
ond time the lifeboat was swamped and
Captain Fisher was knocked overboard.
Others of the crew were brought ashor*
by means of the breeches buoy.
Fishing Schooner Goes Ashore.
ITHACA, N. Y., Oct. 25.— Professor Rob
ert H. Thurston, director of the Slbley
college of engineering, Cornell University,
died suddenly to-night at his home on the
campus. He was sitting In his library
shortly before 6 o'clock awaiting the ar
rival of Professor Hewitt and others, who
were to be his guests at dinner, to-day
being his sixty-fourth birthday. He
seemed to fall asleep, but when his wife
made efforts to rouse him she found him
unconscious and he was dead before a
physician could be summoned. Heart dis
ease was the cause of death. He had been
hwapparent good health and spirits and
had Just returned from a brisk walk.
Dr. Thurston was one of the best-known
members of the university faculty and
ranked very high in his profession. He
was born at Providence, R. I., in 1839.
Suddenly After Returning
Home From Walk.
Professor Robert H. Thurston Dies
CORNELL UNIVERSITT
LOSES NOTED INSTRUCTOR
LONDON, Oct. ,25.— Speaking at Klllar
ney to-day, John Redmond, the Irish
leader, declared the time had arrived to.
start a campaign .against emigration. One
cause of emigration that ought to be re
moved, he said, was the exaggerated pros
pects held out to Irish boys and girls If
they went to America. He criticised An
drew Carnegie's recent speech at "Water
ford and said the poorest laborer in Kerry
was happier than the majority of Irish
workingmen in the United States.
Redmond Is Against Emigration
Says He Enjoys Hearing Their Dia
lect, for it Reminds Him of His
Earlier Life.
ROME, Oct. 25.— The Pope appeared be
fore 2000 Venetian residents In Rome in
the court of San Damaso to-day and was
enthusiastically received. He spoke to the
Venetians most affably, saying he en-
Joyed hearing spoken around him the
Venetian dialect, for it made him feel
younger and reminded him of his earlier
life. The ovation given to the pontiff was
notable.
After it the Pope admitted the leading
personages of the Venetian colony to the
Hall of Inscriptions.
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Curtis of Washing
ton. D. C, have been received by the
Pope with marks of especial considera
tion. . «
POPE APPEARS BEFORE
TWO THOUSAND VENETIANS
There was another large audience at
Strtnway HaJI last night, where Dr. Alex
ander J. Mclvor-Tyndall demonstrates
the wonders of wireless telegraphy, or
thought transmission. There were many
marvelous manifestations of psychic
power, all of which were presented in a
raanr.T both instructive ar.d entertaining.
Dr. Mrlvor-Tyndall pOFsesses a rare
cfcarra of manner. He succeeds in hold
ing the interest and attention of his audi
ence every moment, winning the most en
thusiastic applause for each successful
dfmor.stratlon of his power. In accom
plishing his wonderful feats. Dr. Mclvor-
Tyndall disclaims all pretensions to su
pernatural rower, stating that the facul
ty he exhibits in so remarkable a degree
la both natural ar.d capable of cultiva
tion, in various degrees of proficiency.
Preceding the entertainment Dr. Mclvor-
Tyndall gave an interesting lecture on
"The World Invisible." in which the fa
mous edentlst ventured the assumption
that there is an invisible world about us.
imperceptible to the ordinary vision at
the present state of advancement. That
the time will come when the actual ex
ietence of this invisible world will be
£dentifica!ly demonstrable, is one of the
hypotheses of psychic science. Dr. Mc-
Ivor-TyndaJl will taJk next Sunday eve
nir.g at Steinway Hall, on "Spiritualism."
Thought Transmission.
STOCKTON'. Oct. 25.— Stockton closed th%
season at home to-day by defeating the- Jess*
Moores In a cne-xlded contest. Score — Stockton
9. Jesse Moores 3. Batteries — Irgalls and Mc-
Murray; Loh and StefTens. Umpire — Harper.
SAX JOSE. Oct. 25.— Score:
R. H. E.
San Jose I a t
Hesseinans 1 4 9
Batteries — Wallman and Kent; Ftj-nn and J.
Hammond.
Stockton Nine Wins.
FUNSTON VISITS
HIS RELATIVES
Young Fraser was educated to follow in
his father's footsteps. He was sent to
the famous Union Theological College of
New York, from which he was graduated
In 1841. Immediately afterward the young
man took a four years' course at Prince-
Dr. Fraser's name is firmly linked with
the history of the Presbyterian church In
the United States, particularly in the
Western portion, which he entered in the
ante-bellum times, and there labored for
many years in upbuilding and strongly
rooting the faith.
The eminent minister and missionary
was born at Dalkieth, Scotland, in 1820,
of sturdy Scotch Presbyterian stock. His
father, a . Presbyterian clergyman, came
to the United States in 1S25. bringing hia
son Thomas with him and settling at
Schenectady, N. Y., where the elder Fra"
ser was pastor of the first Presbyterian
church built in that thriving city of the
empire State.
FOLLOWS FATHER'S PATH.
OAKLAND, Oct. 25.— The Rev.
Thomas Fraser, D. D., one of the
most prominent Prsbyterian
clergymen on the Pacific Coast,
a pioneer of his faith in this
country and the organizer of 100 Presby
terian churches in the United States,
died at 11 o'clock this morning at his res
idence, 916 Myrtle street. Dr. Fraser had
been in ill health, but his death was quite
unexpected, as the venerable clergyman
was up and about no later than yester
day. He- was stricken with pneumonia
last night and because of his 83 years
the illness proved speedily fatal, despite
all that the attending physician. Dr. S.
H. Buteau, could do. m
PORTLAND. Me.. Oct. 25.— Three men
from the United States transport KUpat
rick and a Portland man were cfrowned in
the outer harbor last night. The victims
were a p^rpeant of one of the companies
on board the ship, the captain's cabin
boy, the ship's carpenter and Fred Stan
ford of this city. The names of the Kil
patrick'g men could not be learned.
A man from the city came up to the
transport, which was anchored off Fort
Georpe. about 9 o'clock last evening with
a party of soldiers from ashore" and was
afck»d and consented to take another par
ty ashore. The boat sank. It was dark,
but boats were lowered and an attempt
m^k" to pirk uj> the men etruggllng In
the water. WJien all who could be found
m-ere on board it was learned that the
four mentioned were missing.
Embark in a Small Boat to Go
Ashore and Frail Craft Sinks
With Them.
THANE PORT XLLPATRICX
LOSES THREE OF HER MEN
The deceased leaves a daughter, Miss
Julia Fraser, and a stepson, Charles W.
Beebe. The funeral will be held Tuesday
afternoon at 2 o'clock from the chapel
of the First Presbyterian Church.
Dr. Fraser retired from this work in
1883 to accept anf' appointment as professor
of systematic theology in the San Fran
cisco Theological Seminars', now located
at San Anselmo. Dr. Fraser strenuously
opposed the removal of the college from
San Francisco. During more recent years
the distinguished clergyman had lived
quietly in Oakland and had not been in
active service.
With the strength of conviction backed
by a belief in the righteousness of his
cause. Dr. Fraser was one of the first
men in the West to make a public dec
laration against the "free silver" move
ment.. He denounced it before a large
meeting of Presbyterian ministers in San
Francisco.
In 1867 Dr. Fraser was appointed synod
ical missionary for the synod of the Pa
cific, embracing all of the territory west
of the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific
Ocean on the west and from the Mexican
boundary to British Columbia on the
north. During the fifteen years that he
served in that capacity he traveled many
thousands of miles and established many
churches throughout that immense ter
ritory. Indeed, he might almost be called
the father of Presbyterlanlsm in that
vast region.
ESTABLISHES
Looking about for a suitable place to
begin his church work, Dr. Fraser set
tled In Sonoma County, with headquar
ters at Santa Rosa. He organized every
Presbyterian church in Sonoma County.
At the outbreak of the Civil "War Dr.
Fraser lent his voice In strong speech for
the preservation of .the Unlca, and one
of the famous oratorical efforts of that
period was the earnest preacher's address
at Santa Rosa.
The young clergyman started West as
soon as he had completed hia college
work and settled in Madison, Wis. He
organized the first Presbyterian church
in that city. Dr. Fraser also organ
ized the synod of "Wisconsin and was its
first moderator. Thence Dr. Fraser went
to Little Rock, Ark., where he became
the pastor of the first Presbyterian church
organized in the Arkansas capital. There
in 1859 he married Mrs. Julia M. Beebe,
departing at once with his bride for Cal
ifornia, arriving at San Francisco in Oc
tober of that year.
ton College, New Jersey, from which he
was graduated with the degree of doctor
of divinity.
Portland OO1O0 — 1 5 1
San Francisco O 0 O 0 1 — 1 1 .,%
Batteries— Shields and Sbra: Cutter and
Zearfoss. j ; Umpire— O'Coniwll.
SEATTLE, Oct. 25. — Seattle wen Its nine
teenth straight game by giving Hughes great
support in the field. Corbett outpitched Hughe*
and should have had a shutout to. his credit.
but errors at critical times lost him the game.
Dillon showed the yellow streak again In th«
sixth and threatened to quit, but the other
players persuaded him to go on with the
game. Score: £
Seattle OO1OO3OI •— » 8 3
Loa Angeles ...OOOOO1 OO 2 — 3 7 *
Batteries — Hughes and Byers; Corbett and
Spies. Umpire — Levy.
PORTLAND. Or. Oct. 25.— After blanking
Ean Francisco for eight innings In the first game
to-day. Portland went to pieces and allowed
the score to be tied in the ninth. Butler was
replaced by Shields, but tte damage had been
done and San Francisco took the game In the
eleventh. In the hore thai a fresh pitcher
would prove more effective against Portland.
Ibery was tak»n out of the box in the ninth
and Wfcalen substituted.
The second game was called at the end of
the fifth on account of darkness. Although
Portland made five hits t~. San Francisco's
one. ths htt3 were badly scattered and inef
fective. Attendance. 6000. Score:
First game — R. H.B.
Portland 0 00000 3 0100—4 8 »
gan Francisco. .0 000000040 1—5 14 •
Batteries — Butler. Shields and Arthur An
derson; Ibers:, Whalen and Ztarfoss.
Second same — R. . H. E.
Defeats Los Angeles and Scores Its
Nineteenth Straight Victory.
SEATTU; CONTINUES TO WIN.
Frank Jones' Wedgewood came near to
repeating her victory of last week in
taking honors in the Champion stake yes
terday at Ingleslde Coursing Park. At
that it was a scratch that the campaigner
was relegated to second place. Sofala
won first honors in the Crocker cup stake
after a course that held the spectators
till the last point. It was a great day
for the talent, the short ends showing
only occasionally.
In the stake in which Henry H. Lynch,
the Republican candidate for Sheriff, of
fered a cup. Little Plunger won first
honors from Gold Lily. The added purses
had the effect of bringing out the largest
crowd since the reopening of the park.
The results in detail, with Judge Thomas
Tierney"s official scores, follow:
Open stake. Henry H. Lynch cup added —
Second round: Dore«n beat Real Duchess,
12-3; Bonnie Hughie beat Colored La<!y. 5-0:
Lulu Girl beat Beauty Gold. 10-2; Viking beat
Pacing BllHe. 6-4; Equator beat Boots. 4-0:
Tobasco Bob beat Half Moon, 8-7; Brown Hill
beat Advance Guard, 5-0; Queen's Motto beat
Piker. 9-5; Van Xora beat Ellen Hayes. 5-8;
Homer Boy btat Roxana, 5-2; Ploughman beat
Our Motto, 9-7; Tom Hurllck beat Ml«i Wil
son, 7-O; Dorothy M beat Intruder. 8-2: Gold
LHr beat Progreso. 6-0; J E H beat Master
Clair. 14-5; Haddington beat Cremo, 5-0;
Mountain Poet beat Klttleman. 6-5; Silver
Cloud beat Orslna, 6-4; Little Lucy beat Mc-
Henry 7-5; Little Plunger beat Odd Eyee.4-0.
Third round: Dore*n beat Bonnie Hughle,
10-6; Viking beat Lulu Girl, 10-5; Equator
beat Tobasco Bob. 5-O: Brtw'i Hill beat
Queen's Motto, 7-4; Van Nora beat Homer
Boy. 4-O; Torn Hurllck beat Ploughman. 4-O;
Gold Lily beat Dorothy M, 5-0: J E H b«at
Haddincton. 3-2; Silver Clood beat Mountain
Poet, 4-2; Little Plunger beat Little Lucy, 4-0.
Fourth round: Viking beat Doreen, 7-5:
Equator beat Draw's Hill. 5-1; Van Nora beat
Tom Hurllck. 3-2; Gold Lily beat J E H.
6-O; Little Plunder beat Stiver Cloud. 8-4.
Fifth round: Viking beat Equator. 9-6; Gold
Lily beat Van Nora. 5-0; Little Plunger, a bye.
Sixth round— Little Plunger best Viking, 4-2;
Gold Lily a bye.
Deciding ceruse — Little Plunjer beat Gold
Lily. 3-2.
Champion stake. Henry J. Crocker cup
added: f*lr»t round — Wedgewood beat Roy
Hughie. 4-2; Doc Burns beat Medley. 6-0;
Conroy beat Reta S. 4-O; Royal Friend b^at
Cosett*. 10-2; Flora Bell a bye; Cloverdale beat
Harhnrard. 6-4: Sofala beat Fontenoy. 11-3;
Young Fearless beat Amandon. 9-6; Pure Pearl
beat LU> Wright. 9-5; Jerry Wright beat
Menlo Prince, 3-2.
Se-ond round — Wedgewood beat Doc Burns,
4-0: Royal Friend beat Conroy. 18-6; Clover
dale beat Flora Bell. 7-4; Sofala beat Young
Fearless. 9-1; Pure Pecrl beat Jerry Wright,
3-2.
Third round — Wedgewood beat Royal Friend,
7-5; Bofala beat Cloverdale, 8-0; Pure Pearl
a bv*.
Fourth round — Wedgewood beat Pure Pearl,
4-0; Sofala a bye.
Deciding course — Sofala beat Wedgewood,
Crocker Cup Stake Brings Out Big
gest Crowd Since the Reopening
at Ingleside Park.
SOFAJLA WINS THE STAKE
FROM FAST WEDGEWOOD
Henry J. Crocker has offered a cup to
be added to the Junior championship
stake, an annual event, which will be run
at Union Park next Sunday. The win
ner will receive $150 in gold besides the
cup.
Fourth round — lone Hill beat Melllnwood.
fl-1; Peno beat Thelma. 13-2; Cubanola beat
Belle Free, 5-0: Ruby Sankey beat May Con
nolly. 5-0.
Fifth round — Reno beat lone Hill, 6-0; Ruby
Sankey beat Cubanola, 8-6.
Deciding course — Reno beat Ruby Sankey.
8-0. *". .'
The majority of the trails were unusu
ally long, but the favorites held their
own, performing consistently throughout
the day. The results In detail, with Judge
Andrew Dean's official scores, follow:
America beat St. Croix, 12-0; Lilac beat
Becktlve, 12-9; Melllnwood beat Eagle, 21-6:
Lord Granard beat Poincettia, 24-12; Free From
Flaw beat Wild Nora, 14-2; Money Musk beat
Magic Stuff, 7-2; Sempronius beat Agitator.
9-4; lone Hill beat Cecil M, 10-2: Reno beat
Tralee Bey. 11-7; Vandal beat Old Ironsides,
7-4; Pepper Hill beat Raxtlroe. 5-4; Mickey
Free beat My Bonnie King. 4-3; Thelma, beat
Harvey M, 13-6; Miss Penman beat Pretty
Face. 12-2; Warco beat Adams. 5-1; Remlsso
Anlmo beat St. Conn. 15-4; Reckless Acrobat
beat Red Rock. 13-10; Wattles beat Minnie
Horgan. 8-1; Belle Free beat Fenll, 10-4;
Greenhall beat Nlobe. 5-3; Balendine beat Vfna.
13-10; Precita Maid beat Racing Glancer, 8-2:
Cubanola beat Ella May. 7-2; Renegade Apache
beat Glaucus. 6-2: Rural Artist beat Irvlngtoii
Tralee, 5-2; Red Pepper beat Regal Attire. 5-3;
Rocklln Boy beat Rapid Water, 12-5; May
Connolly beat Gold Ore. 9-1 ; Honest John beat
Master Davenport, 12-7; Pocatellt beat Mel
rose. 12-5: Ruby Sar.key beat Anchor, 0-3;
Clarice beat Tricksy. 19-5.
Second round — America a bye. Lilac with
drawn: Melllnwood beat Lord Granard, 7-4;
Money Musk beat Kree From Flaw, 5-3; lone
Hill beat Sempronius, 10-6; Reno beat Vandal.
5-1; Pepper Hill beat Mickey Free. 8-6; Thelma
beat Miss Penman. 10-5; Remisso Anlmo -beat
Warco. 16-11; Wattles beat Reckless Acrobat.
6-1: Bell* Free beat Greenhall. 14-2: Balendlne
a hye, Prccita Maid withdrawn; Cubanola. beat
Renegade Apache, 4-2; Rural Artist beat Red
Pepper, 8-6; May Connolly a bye, Rocklln Boy
withdrawn; Pocatelli beat Honest John, 19-10;
Ruby Sankev beat Clarice. 13-4.
Third round — Melllnwood beat America. 9-5;
Tone Hill a bye. Money Musk withdrawn; Reno
beat Pepper Hill. 12-10; Thelma beat Remlsso
Anlmo. 0-5: Bell* Free beat Wattles. 6-1: Cu
banola beat Balendlne, 6-1; May Connolly a
bye. Rural Artist withdrawn; Ruby Sankey a
bye. Pocatelli withdrawn.
The uncertainty of coursing was shown
in a marked manner at Union Park yes
terday,, when Pocatelli, which was the
class of the stake, had to be withdrawn
because of severe running. He beat Hon
e?t John in a trial lasting two minutes
and sixteen seconds and then retired.
The ultimate winner turned up in J. E.
Freeman's Reno, which defeated Eugene
Geary's Ruby Sankey by a score of 8 to 0.
The deciding course was run in the dusk
and the fog. Reno was unsighted soon
after the start, but followed Ruby San
key. He then passed her and scored his
points In the upper part of the field. The
hare broke down the field and escaped.
Defeats Ruby Sankey* Pointless in
Deciding Course — Champion
Pocatelli Is Hard Bun.
KENO IS VICTORIOUS
IN THE UNION PARK STAKE
The French Alliance, for the propa
gation of the French language in the lo
cal colocy. gave an interesting entertain
ment yesterday afternoon at Native Sons'
Hall.
The alliance was authorized by the Min
ister cf the Interior cf France in 1S84 and
recommended for public utility by a de
cree cf the President of France in 1SS6.
Students of French from the different
schools of this city took part in the pro
gramme and some able addresses were
delivered by notable French citizens.
The schools represented were the Bur
nett, Clement, Der.man, Dwight Way,
Hamilton. Hearst, Horace Mann. Pacific
Heights, Sherman. Sutro, Spring Valley,
Washington. WhlttSer and Lassale-
Vauthler.
Priifs were given to the students who
ranked T.rst.
STUDENTS OF FRENCH
GIVE ENTERTAINMENT
interesting Programme Is Enjoyed
y a Large Audience at Native
Sens' Hall.
Tyler was taken to the Emergency Hos
pital. He suffered great pain, and the
Sower portion of his face was much swol
len. The wound, which is deep, is on the
left cheek bone.
One of the most audacious boid-upe that
iiZM taken place In many " months was
committed at 2 o'clock this morning,
when John Tyler, while on the sidewalk
cf the Palace Hotel, was brutally struck
with an instrument in the hand of one of
two footpads and afterward robbed of
Tyler was on his way heme and was
walking past the hotel leisurely. Two
vour.g men approached him and one of
thc-m suddenly struck him on the face,
< ausing- a wound from which the blood
flowed freely. Tyler fell to the ground,
• ailing all The time for the police, but his
assailants went through his pockets and
abstracted the money. The men then ran
away.
The police have a good description of
the jewelry stolen, and are sanguine that
they will run the thieves to earth.
A further search disclosed the loss of
valuable Jewelry. Including three gold
watches, three highly prised long neck
chair.s. a unique vinaigrette, a handsome
gold bead necklace, three bracelets, a dia
mond stud, a pair of valuable earrings, a
gold thimble anda wedding ring.
The police were notified, and Detectives
Dinan and Wren were sent immediately
to the house and made a thorough in
vestigation. From marks outside and
with the evidence before them the detec
tives concluded that the burglars roust
have climbed the porch, and by that
means had effected an entrance through
one of the windows. They also must
have made their escape from the house
by the same means.
A daring burglary was perpetrated last
Friday night at the residence of Alden
W. Jackson, 3750 Clay street. Mr. Jack
sen, who is connected with the firm of
Pope & Talbot, lumber merchants, and
his family were in the lower part of the
house at the time the crime was commit
ted, and 6o dexterously was the burglary
planned and carried out that no one of
the household heard a sound that would
have given warning of the presence of
the burglars.
On retiring for the night the family was
surprised to find that one of the rooms
had been entered and the contents thrown
ruthlessly about.
In order to protect the asserted rights
of the Indians and to give ground for a
suit at law the department, it is said, or
dered the emptying of the reservoir, and
in accordance with instructions a force
of Indians was detailed to cut the dam
and release the water that was stored.
The railway company several years ago
constructed a reservoir and appropriated
water from Wolf Creek, and for several
seasons recently the Indians have com
plained of a short supply of water for ir
rigation.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Oct. 25.— News
was received to-day from Wolf Point, on
the Fort Peck Indian reservation, that
the Indians there at the direction of the
agent, it is alleged, had removed a dam
and let all the water run out of the rail
road company's reservoir at that point.
The reservoir, constructed at a cost of
about $60,000, Is one of the largest ani
most important owned by the Great
Northern.
Construction of gun and mortar batteries and
the installation of range and position finders.
$4,575,000; sites for fortifications and sea coast
defenses, $2,000,000; searchlights for harbor de
fense, $500,000; protection, preservation and re
pair of fortifications, $300,000; preparation of
plans for fortifications $5,000,000; supplies for
sea coast defense. $35,000; seawalls and em
bankments. $200,000: torpedoes for harbor de
fenses, ?225,COO; defense of Insular posses
sions, $2,000,000; procurement of land for sites
for defenses of the Hawaiian Islands. $526,100.
Among the estimates of improvements are
the following: Deep water harbor, San Pedro
Bay. fSOO.OOO: "Wilmington Harbor, California,
$.V>,000; San Luis Oblspo Harbor, California,
$69,000; San Pablo Bay, California. $81.00l>;
Ean Joaquin River, California, .$35,000; Stock
ton channel, San Joaquin River, California,
$124,316; Sacramento and Feather rivers, Cal
ifornia. $25,000; Coqullle River. Oregon, $30,
000; Coos Bay. Oregon. $60,000; Columbia
River at Three-Mile Rapids. Oregon and Wash
ington, $300,000; canal at cascades of Colum
bia River, Oregon and Washington. $80,000;
Willamette and Yamhlll rivers above Portland,
Oregon, $90,000; Columbia and Willamette
rivers, below Portland. Or., $500,000; mouth of
Columbia River, Oregon and Washington,
$300,000: Grays Harbor and Chehalls River.
Washington. $55,000; Puget Sound and tributary
water, $30,000: New Whatcom harbor. Wash
ington, $35,000; Improvement Yellowstone
Park. $250,000.
General Gillesple submits a total esti
mate of $10,366,100 for the fortifications for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1905, as fol
lows:
At present there are provided for the
defenses of the United States 105 twelve-
Inch guns, 133 ten-Inch guns, 96 eight-inch
guns, 567 rapid-fire guns and 376 twelve
inch mortars.
Projects for the defenses for San Juan. Porto
Rico; Pearl Harbor and Honolulu Harbor,
Hawaii; San Luis, Apia; Guam, Manila Bay
and SublR Bay have been approved by . the
Secretary of War, and actual construction
should begin thereupon at an early date. It is
b«lleved that the time will come when it will
no longer be possible to ignore the question of
insular defenses. The Navy Department Is
properly insistent that all its important coal
ing stations should receive proper defensive
protection to keep off attacks from possible
hostile fleets.
These coast defenses of the United States are
now somewhat more than SO per cent com
pleted. Twenty-flve of the principal harbors
of the United States have a sufficient number
of heavy guns and mortars mounted to permit
an effective defense against naval attack, and
during the past three years considerable
progress has been made in the Installation of
an adequa'te rapid-fire armament, now the
matter of first Importance.
General Gillesple says that the projects
for defenses of thirty-one localities have
been approved. He adds:
WASHINGTON. Oct. 25.— The annual re
port of General George L. Glllespie, chief
of engineers of the United States army for
the past year, made public to-day, refers
to the work of construction of the fortifi
cations that has been going on under the
general scheme of the Endlcott board. It
adds:
The degree of defense to be provided for coal
ing- and other naval stations, scattered all over
the world, for the larger naval bases, which
must be promptly established, and for which
appropriations are asked cf Congress by the
Navy Department for the ports of Manila,
Pearl Harbor and Honolulu, and for the Lake
ports and the fai. Lawrence River, should
preferably be determined by a tribunal similar
to the Kndlcott Board, as recommended In my
last annual report. In the absence of legis
lation on the subject of insular defenses, a
mixed board of engineers and artillery of
ficers, organized by authority of the Secretary
of War, has already been practically consider
ing and reported upon plans for the emergency
defense of several of the most important har
bors in the Insular possessions. Before these
preliminary plans are actually entered upon
It might be well to invite the co-operation
of the navy by the assignment of a certain
number of naval officers upon a new joint
board of army and navy officers, appointed to
revise or enlarge the preliminary plans of de
fense heretofore prepared.
Upon arriving at Sausallto Harlan had
Robertson arrested for violating the auto
mobile ordinance. Robertson gave bonds
to appear before Justice Pryor on next
Tuesday. Automobiles are prohibited
from passing Coyote Creek on the BoIInaf
road.
SAUSALITO. Oct. 23.— W. T. Robertson
and party, all of San Francisco, while
out riding in an automobile this after
noon, ran Into a buggy containing Georg*
11. Harlan, an attorney oi San Rafael,
and his aged grandmother, Mrs. Gardner,
of Sausallto. The buggy was badly dam
aged, both occupants were thrown out
and Mrs. Gardner was seriously Injured.
Robertson was operating his machine
on a road in violation of the Marin
County automobile ordinance. The acci
dent occurred on the Boiinas srade at a
place known as Steep Ravine, between
Wi'loW Camp and Sausallto. Both ve
hicles were going In the same direction
and the collision took place at a sharp
turn In the road. Fortunately, when th«
automobile struck, the bug-gy was thrown
to the Inside of the road, otherwise tiva
occupants would have been dashed over
a high precipice.
Harlan was only sliehtly bruised, but
Mrs. Gardner was rendered unconscious
for a Ion? time. No one in the automo
bile was harmed. Mrs. Gardner was
taken to Sausalito and. owing to her age.
76 vears, her condition Is considered pre
carious.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Home of Alden W. Jackson
la Scene of the
Crime
Two Footpads Succeed in
Relieving Him of His
Money.
Suggests That a. Joint Board
" Be Appointed to Revise
Original Plans.
Property Damaged Belongs
to Railroad and Suit
May Follow.
San Rafael Attorney Causes
the Arrest of a San
Franciscan.
John Tyler Is Held Up
and Robbed Outside
Palace Hotel.
Thieves Make Profitable
Search of a Resi
dence.
Chief of Army Engin
eers Recommends
Better Defenses.
Cut a Damon Fort Peck
Reservation and Let
the Water Out.
An Elderly Sausalito
.: Woman Injured in
Accident.
DESPERATE THUGS
WOUND VICTIM
JEWELS ENRICH
BOLD BURGLARS
FORTIFICATIONS
TO BE IMPROVED
INDIANS EMPTY
THE RESERVOIR
AUTO CRUSHES
INTO S BUGGY
Rev. Thomas Fraser, for Years Synodical Mission
ary for the Synod of the Pacific and Founder of
j 100 Churches in the United States, Passes Away
PRESBYTERIAN DIVINE
CALLED TO LAST REST
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. OCTOBER 26, 1903.
FOUNDER OF ONE HUNDRED
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHES
WHO DIED YESTERDAY.
4
NE"Wr ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"GOOD GROWING WEATHER."
the If ew Scalp Antiseptic I« tT«*L
A pood head of hair is as much a
"crown of rlory". for man as it Is for
woman., notwithstanding all the poetrv
on the subject applied to the female sex
««clutlvelr. • In the season when files
bite, the bald -heeded man can symna-
thize with the Egyptians who were no
sorely plagued on account of the children
of Israel. Why not try N'ewbrd's Herol-
cide? Others have been benefited and are
!ou<5 in Us praise. It cleanses the scalp
kills the gerra at the root of the hair and
by keeping the scalp sweet, pure and
wholesome, the hair is bound to grow as
nature Intended, regardless of the tem-
perature. Try It and b« -convinced. Sold
by leading druggists. Rend 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herplcide Co
Detroit. Mich. — - -'-
CASTOR TA
Por Infants and Children.
Die Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of C6a&ZM&&&X
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of
Only morbid matter is destroyed
bv this marvelous germicide, which
allows Nature to build up healthy
tissue. •
Absolutely harmless.
Used ana indorsed by leading
physicians everywhere.
When not at your druggist's, sent
prepaid on receipt of postal note
for 25 cents for trial bottle.
! The t*aata» '-_ y. * •
OTTO Prince Street, N«w York.
g RKE— T»t»qi> B»oH»« — H«w to Twrt Mmmw.
DR.P3ERCES
GOLDEN
. MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOP,IJVER.UJNCS.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES,
tatalogna and ?vla Lists MaHoi
: on Application.
rausH aits salt heats.
JAS BOYES & CO ahl PP ta » Butchers. 104
JAJ. dUILJ U Uf. clay. Tel. Main !»*.
OILS. ' '
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD & ELUi,
«1S Front at.. S. P. Phon« Main 1718.
FJUXrTXftfsT" "~~
F C flUGHFS. .PRrNTKK.Edward H. Gleasoru
er of the Olympic Club.
This popular candidate ' for Supervisor
has -a host of friends making an active
fight for his election. He Is a brother of
John J. Gleason. the widely knowa lead-
CAPE.HAYTIEN. Hayti. Oct. S.— The
Insurgent movement In the Dominican re
public Is spreading throughout all the
northern parts of the country. La Vega.
Monte Cristo and Santiago have come out
In favor of the movement. A provisional
government was established to-day at
Puerto Plata, on the north coast, under
the Presidency of General Moreales. the
Governor of the port. •
Insurgent Movement Is Spreading.
Russia Issues Secret Circular.
LONDON. Oct. 35.— The Times learns
that the Russian Secretary of the Interior
has Issued a secret circular to the Gov
ernors of the provinces and other author
ities ordering them to report on the dlffl
culties in the application of laws in rela
tion to Jews, with a view to their revisio^
and improvement. This action is due to
the fact that In several cases Jews have
successfully appealed to the Senate acd
obtained decisions that Governors had
acted Illegally. •
I have marie this denial as fcK and «=p#>eiSc as I know
bow. I will a-1d that I do not believe the charre of double
dcalin? mack against Judge Bahrs. If I did. I would
n-ver speak to him asain.
As for myself, f am working. Tilth all my heart for the
election of our upright and able Republican candidate,
Henry J. Crocker, and I believe he vrill bo elected by the
Lirpest vote cl^en a Mayoralty candidate for years. Every
decent Republican I know cf is working for bins, and I am
acquainted rrlth many strong Democrats who trill noc only
vote for Crocker, but are working effectively for h!ia row.
"I have brtn in politics more or less for fifty years. All
this time I have fought the corporation politicians. I be-
Heve in clean politics and honest government. Hence I am
fcr Henry Crocker, and hence also I hasten to brand toe
falsehood printed by the evening paper.
My attention was first called to the story this af:ernoon
oy Mr. Casey himself. He was' indignant at your eoa
temporary's misrepresentation of us. and called me up to
as* If I had In any way authorized the use of my name in
the publication. In due time he will makr? his own state
ment regarding the matter. JOHX D. S1EBK.
San Francisco. October =3, 1S03.
I'tfed that he vas glad I was so friendly to Grelf- Then
I started on. and Casey said. "I hear Jud?e Bahrs Is
masking a strong fight." I reolied, "I bol!«»ve he Is." and
then 1 went on down to mv store on Sacramento street.
Nothing rnor? than this r:s.s sa'd by either of us. Ko
tn^nt^n of t!"» 'Mayoralty rtirht rra? mad?, and neither of
us uttered the name of Crocker or Schmitz. Casey asked
me no quesifpn xrhaterer rcgardlcg political or other
matters. __Instt-ad of his comins to see me. our meeting
¦was a «uFprise to each of it?.
I stopped -Cassy to tell him that I was taking great In
terest in Mr. Greifs campaign for the County Clerkship;
aiso In t bat of E. J. Smith for Tax Collector. Casey re-
The evening paper goes on to say that Ed Casey of the
County Clerk's ofSce came to me to ask about" orders al
leged to have been given by Mr. Herrin favoring th-?
campaign of Mayor Schmitz. and that I confirmed the
report, saying; "Yes. it is Schmitz and Bahrs. That is
the programme. Crocker Is gone."
Every wcrd of this is a deliberate falsehood. In the
first place Ed Casey never came to see me about anything.
I have been in the country nearly all fall, and have seen
Mr. Casey only once since the campaign began. That was
an accidental meeting for a few eeeonds on Montgomery
street, near Clay, and occurred. I think, last Friday after
noon. I met him on the street and stopped to shake hands
with him. Casey was a clerk under me when I was As
sessor, as was also John J. Greif. Both were good men.
and I liked them.
That paper charges that I am "a spokesman for Her
rin." the counsel of the Southern Pacific Railway. This
is false. I have never known Mr. Herrln and never, to my
know'edge, have even seen him. I have never had any
transactions with the Southern Pacific Railway, ekcept
as a business man and shipper. I am In no -way inter
ested in the railway or its attitude toward the Mayoralty
candidates.
EDITOR Call: I ask space in your columns to deny
unequivocally a statement involving me which ap
ptared In yesterday morning's edition of an even
ing paper. I brand that statement as a' falsehood oat of
the whole cloth. There is not even a plausible founda
tion for the story.
SIEBE PUNCTURES THE STORY
OF HERRIN'S ALLEGED ORDERS
LONDON. Oct. .5.— Dullness and depres
sion characterized all departments of the
Stock Exchange during the past week
and until the rumors of war in the Far
East are dispelled there is little likelihood
cf any sustained improvement. Not only
were the stocks immediately affected by
the war rumors, but some home railways
suffered heavily. The American market
was sustained by bear purchases, but on
the whole, it showed a sagging tendency.
Dullnesa on London Exchange.
Some scheme for issuing invitations
to the football and both games and track
meets will be formulated.
CHICAGO. Oct. 25. — The faculty of
the University of Chicago Is endeavoring
to inaugurate a system of athletics un
der which there will be no paid admis
sions to contests in which university
athletes compete. As the co-operatioa
of all the Western colleges will be nec
essary to carry out 'the radical depart
ure steps have already been taken to ar
range conferences with the universities
of Wisconsin and Michigan. The plaa
will necessitate the establishment of an
endowment fond for physical culture
and atMetics and the trustees of the
Chicago institution have already taken
preliminary steps looking to this end.
UNTVERSITY OF CHICAGO
STABTS NEW MOVEMENT
Endeavors to Do Away With Paid
Admissions to Athletic Con
tests Given by Students.
/"T^ HE Republican Mass
X Meeting at the Alhara
bra Theater this even
ing under the auspices of
that progressive and patri
otic institution, the Union
League Club of California,
promises to be one of the
interesting political events
of this campaign. General
George . Stone, who was
chairman of the Republican
State Committee when Cali
fornia gave 40,000 majority
for .William. McKinley, will
preside. ' George C. Pardee.
Governor of California, and
Henry J. Crocker, next May
or of San Francisco, will ad
dress the people. Lieuten
ant Governor Aiden Ander
son, Secretary of State Chas.
F. Curry, and Duncan E.
McKinlay, one of the most
persuasive orators of the
land, will also; speak for
Republican cause.
CHICAGO, Oct. 25.— The Illinois Steel
Company has laid off 1M0 laborers in its
mills in South Chicago. Xo notice of the
contemplated action was given, the men
being merely told'that there would be no
more work for them for the present.
Lays Off One Thousand Men.
The Republican meeting!* under the aus
pices of the campaign committee of the
party are the largest and most interesting
ever held in a municipal contest. Great
er demonstrations of popular approval
than have ye; taken place will be accord
ed to the Republican nominees this week.
It wa« common talk i in the political
camps yesterday that Crocker's majority
would approximate 90001 Lane Is hardly
taken Into account in the race. The or
ganization of the Henry J. Crocker Work
lngmen's League - produces consternation
in the camp of Ruef & Co. and all the ef
fcrts.of the Schmitz regime will be in
voked to resist the Republican advance in
the direction of the labor vote. Ruef is
becoming alarmed over the condition o"
afTairs in the Forty-fifth Assembly Dis
trict. It was his boast early in the cam
paign that - he controlled the Forty -fifth
and conldi swing very nearly the eniira
voting strength of the district to ScRmltz.
Something has happened of late to change
his mind. He is patting Schmitz In the
Fcrty-fifth every n5sht. Politicians say
that Ruef himself Ls not sure of tha
ground In that quarter. There Is consider
able conjecture regarding the ability of
McXab to carry a single Assembly dis
trict for Candidate Lane. Since the red
pepper episode the candidate has re
ceived respectful attention and the other
evening he varied the monotony of talk
about himself to the extect of saying a
few words in behalf of other candidates
on the Gavin McNab Democratic ticket.
for which consideration the candidates
are indebted to Gavin.
BAI/LIES FOB THE WIEK
The Republican campaign committee an
nounces the following rallies (<fr this
week:
:*'¦ r.izy evening. October 2S — Atharofcra The
ater rally under tbe auspices of tfce Union
L-anj* Club. Genera! Gecnc* Sicn* will art
as chairman of the ev»aicg. The meetiry will
b» ad£res.'"ed br Govercvrr Ge<;nr* C. Paniee.
Lleatena&t Governcr Aided AiKjerson. Secretary
of Swte Charles F- Carry. Hen. Dcncan E-
McKlrJay. Julian Scnntae. R~- C. Van Fleet.
Henrr J. Crock»r. Gecrye H. Bahrs Uaxwe'l
M;Nut£ «aci candidates. Tfc-re will be sieging
ENTHUSIASM SHOWi;
utmost confidence in the success
cf- the-- entire Republican ticket. This
confidence of victory is based en
accurate Intelligence concerning condi
tions throughout the city and know!ed5«»
regarding the trend cf support In the sev
eral Assembly districts. The Republican
cause is greatly strengthened by the or-»
ganization of the Henry J. Crocker Work
ingmen's League. Crocker's popularity
among the toilers I* increasing daily. Tb
men employed in the factories, workshops
and other great Industrial concern? ad
mire the plain and simple style of the
Republican nominee. They observe that
he is " not a professional job cnaser. but
en the contrary a progressive young mis'
* ho has a laudable ambition to serve the
city.
HCNRY J. CROCKER enters upon
the closing week of bis splendid
campaign for the people with the
sj^ct range from >:•» to 800ft The rricg
(a favor of the Republican ticket comes'
at the risht time — a few days. before elec-
Con. Tb-re is a cereral notion in political
circles thst the entire Republican ticket
will b-e elected. Under the new ballot law
Republicans will not take the chance of
losing a vote for their ticket by going
outsfde of the party column to vote for
some friend in an opposing co!uran. It Is
a strre thin? that a stamp placed in the
circle at the head of the Republican col
umn will cainse that ballet to be counted
for the nom:n<*es of the Republican party.
To rsak^ assurance doubly sure many a
vot«»r will place the X opposite The giae
of every Republicsn candidate on the
ticket. To prevent any possibility of mis
tike or confusion in the mind? of the
election officers the alert Republican voter
should r.ot put an X anywhere outside of
the Republican column.
NORMAL BEFUBIalCAN VOTE.
normal Republican vote of San
t rar.cisco is 2S.fl». Politically considered
the city is Republican. In the creation of
the convention which nominated the tick
et r.ow bsfore the people more than !.?.«».¦
Republicans participated. The party is
tnite*l and confident of success at the
polls. The number of votes for Mr.
Crocker tray exceed KJX&, but ft fs gen
erally conceded that 21.tO) votes will be
sufficient to elect him Mayor. Schmitz
will get a large vote, but not as large as
he sot two years a^o. In that election he
had the solid support of the Allied Print
ing TraJiSi the Theatrical Employes ar.d
thr* Brotherhood of Teamsters, which he
will not obtain in the coming election.
The excess of the Sclimitz vote over that
of his fellow candidates - on the t'nion
I^abor tfeket two years ago demonstrated
that the Rop'Jbiican Primary League
gave S<-hmitz nearly 5000 votes. The Re
publican parts; was then divided into hos
tile camps. It is now united and confident
of victory.
It is expected that every Republican wt:i
do Ills duty from this hour until the close
of the contest at the polls. In every sense
the Republican ticket Is the best In" the
field. The Republican cand'.dates for the
Board of Supervisors were rot selected by
the corporations. The same thing cannot
be truthfully «a!d for the Democratic
ticket in rerpect to Supervisors. The
Democratic press has singled out two Re
publican nominees for special assault.
One Js General E. S. Salomon, candidate
for District Attorney, and the other is
William E. Lutz, candidate for Public
Administrator, and both are Union veter
ans of the Civil War.
t :•¦ th> F-: h - ~ : a r. ¦_-. - 1. . octet »:.! the V - : ;n
l«rue qoartet.
Tbtnjr-icaTXtt -Assembly District *t Dbt«
neck** Haii. Tw»mj-*oarth and Church streets.
to fee " «il<iresS'?d by all the candidates as-J
H*irrs.-J. T. Xours*. A. U Hart. J. G. dt
Forest icd A. Van d»r Naillen asd cta*T9.
Twentr-«!(thth Assembly District at eiab
headquarters. C4O »tr?»£. to be mx£3s9*s~&
br Ilca. Wiiliarn fcavis. M£-»ecr«"tarT t.j Gov
ernor Garn. Dantel A. Ryan and others.
Tu'sdar evening. October 21 — Tblrty-aew'stli
Asrwafclj- District at Ffcelp* Hall. Dertsndiro
ar.-I Pay- streets, to be addressed by "Hccs.
Frank MrGo^aa. E. I. Wolfe. Arthur G. Fis*
astl others. *
Thirtjr-n:nth Assembly District, hall rorcer
of Xlntli av«ou« and H street Sunset dis
trict, to b* ad-ire-s^d by Hoc. Ja.i C. Brasie.
IT. W. AI!-n Jr.. I. t>. B!oxot:». C. M. Flckert.
the rsr.i'i !-- ¦ aad other •;— akers.
Apolio HalL 810 Paettc street, between
Stxristca «sd Poiell streets, u&ier tfcs auspices
cf the A fro- Americas Leagu*. S- M- D»xi»on.
president: S. C. Resers. secretary.
WeOneadar eve=l=c. October 29 — AihasTora.
Tftear-r. ra!Jy cnd-?r tbe ausfpices of the Ger
iran-A3:eiican Rer^iblJcan Cinb. la addition
to tbe oandHates :fc» meeting wll! be addressed
fcy the ekxjnert Hon. Jud C ' Brs*!e. Jo&n S.
PutrV^m Jolias K&hB. O. F. ven Rb*ia, J.
r. Plaieaiasn a=d oih«rs. Th* celetr«ted
H»rrr.aa ouart»t wiIJ-T*2<i«T a series cf cei»
vcral s^le-cl'n^s. 'p^clallj- rompcseS for the
ocrasica. Colonel Rot»rt Wiea*5te t»5Il presf.ie.
Joint rallr at tbe Pctrero Operr.-hsjc»e. cor
ner cf Eighteenth and T»tsn-«»ee streets, usder
the anspl«re» of the Thirty-2r«t a-d Thlrrr-?ec
ond Assersbly fiistricts.
Masonic Hall, i'cuth Sin FranrUco. usd»r
the ea?pices of the Thirty-second Aw«nMjf
District. '
Thursday evenlsy. October 29 — FVyj-ty-nfth
As«emb!y rXrtrlct at ¦Washlnytoa-sqiare Hall,
corner cf Kn'oa and Srocktcn streets, at which
Dr. Cacri*!! Fcrd ii2 presi'le.
Thirtieth Ass^tr.tly District. Tester.)-* HaH.
Howard «reet. between Ninth azd T»nth. la
addition to the c*ad. r dat«» the ineetJar wtU be
addressed bjr Durtaa M:K:-'.i: . A. G. Flsk.
E. I. and others.
Frt'!ar eventey. October 3O— P!caeer Hall.
nader tJw ausoic*? cf t^e well-taowa F- i-
Oub. cf whrch O. A. Tolle l» a=d
G*crse D. O'Xeil secretary.
Fcrt!.-»e«:3d AsserrbJy Dirtrict. ?arato«^i
Hall. Geary >tre-t. befireen Hyde and Larkln.
Forty-foarti> A«seaiblT District ai Austrian
Kail. r<rutfc-sest cerner of Sutrsr a=d Powell
etr»et?.
Gre*k- American Republican Clan. B~cai
B"rith Hall. EiJy street.
Saturday evesln?. Oc:eb:r 31— Thirty-nlnth
Assembly K«trict. R!chy.cn<i Ka'l. corser cf
Foarth avenne ard Clement *treet-
Saturday evening Henry J. Crctker will be
e*e«rt*d aics? >lartet street by a. oarnber o*
crsacl23it!oas. Brief remarks may be made
a!e=p the rc^te.
Mcxlav «veniH«. November 2— Final rally at
Pioneer Ha!l coder the a^se'ees of tie ycasg
men's crranl^atiocs.
If Franklin Kandidate Lane fails to get
the indorsement of the Ministerial L"cion
he will svrely be known in political an
cals as a hard luck candidate. He was
turned down coldly but politely at a Ger
man Sunday evening festival not long
since. Worklnrmen declined to attend
his meeting called for the purpose of or
ganizing a Lane Union Labor Club. He
has plainly signified that he does not want
the Indorsement of business men. The
Iroquols Democratic Ctub regards his
candidacy as a failure and does not care
to hear him speak— at least It does not
care enough to invite him to speak, and
the horse and cart wing of the Demo
cratic party entertains with considerable
satisfaction the prospect that he will be
laid cs the shelf.
So far as the Mayoralty Js concerned
there, is only a question as to Henry J.
Crocker's plurality. Estimates in this re-
LAITE'S FIGHT FALLS.
* Ruef is row spending money In an ef
fort to get up a Schmitz business men's
meeting at the Alhambra Theater. Tread
well, the Police Court lawyer, has the en
terprise In hand. Parry and Mershon
ought to attend as they were engaged in
business transactions under the Schmitz
regime and should be able to bear tes
timony as to the character of business
men appointed by Mayer Ruef and his
deputy. Eugene E. Schmitz. As an object
lesson tie colt mfght be marked "Exhibit
A" and introduced in evidence.
"Wait a minute and consider. Ruef would
absolutely control every commission If
Schmitz should get another term In the
Mayor's office. He would control the Po
lice Commission and the Police Depart
ment. Every H-Jtjor license would be in
the air. Listen: he would have the Board
cf Public Works and every contractor
would have to see him. The figure is not
too large when you consider the ' extent
of the graft and the opportunity for tak
ing In retainlrr fees from every person
connected with the municipal govern
ment."
3 the thrcng immediately responded:
That is too much. "No. It is not an
veresrimate." replied the man addressed.
The Value of Ruef's graft under the
Schir!tx administration is a topic of gen
era! conjecture In political camps. The
subject is everywhere- discussed because
Ruef is spending money with a prodigal
ity unheard of since the time that rich
men poured out coin to buy their way to
the United States Senate. In the course
cf the general conversation this inquiry
was oropounded to a man who has quite
an accurate knowledge of inside affairs
politically: "What would Schmitz' s re
election be worth to Ruef in the next two
years?" The reply was: "A million and
a half dollars." Two or three listeners
hmitx. ..
B.XTEJTS MO2T5Y FXEES.
HENRT J ''ROCKER'S readership
cha!>r^« the admiration of hi*
associates on the Republican
ticket a~d wins the cordial sup
port of the p'afn F*<>p'e- Every effort cf
the McNab press to put Mr. Crocker on
the defensive has fsi!*?d i?nominio % -:sly.
UcXaVs morning paper shouts that the
RftOthfiTJ Pacific and Herrin are support
irg Crocker's candidacy- The other Mc-
Nab paper howls that the Southern Pa
cific ha? d-serted Crocker and gone to
the assistance- of Scfcmitx. Crocker's se
r^rJty if not disturbed by either story-
He wastes no time in denials or explana
tions, but continues his straightforward,
manly campaign for t?e favor of the
» ape-workers, taxpayers, business men
and others trho are Interests In the ad
vancement and upbuilding of San Fran
cesco. It Is so universally conceded that
Mr. Crcckfr wilt te elected Mayor on the
3d of November that the men wbo waeer
money on election results place him at
the top a«- the winner.
The race- is surely between Crocker acd
Schmitz. La-e ha? utterly failed in his
attempts to wedce into the labor carap.
His managers have raked the town from
one *nd to the other— from the ocean
beach to Mission Bay and from the North
End to South San Frar.cisco— for Repub
lican recruits to the McNab forces, but
have only bven able to register five en
bstxaeata. T>ere is ore game left, which
the McNab pre«s expects to play on the
people. Martin Kelly, ¦who Is lending the
¦u eight of hts moral support to the can
dlda'-y of Lane, ha* an old Republican
Mutual Alliar.ce roll which is said to con
tain six or ?ight thousand name*, and
thes<* he proposes to use in the mythical
c-ganixation of a McNab-Lane Repab'i
can club. Why the boss prefers the old
roll to the cfty directory is one of .the
mysteries ef the campaign. There is sus
picion la certain quarters that Kelly, who
i? now out for Lane, ntay switch the cut
before election day and get in behind
Estimates Are Made That Republican Candidate
Will Be Elected by a Large Majority— Schmitz
Is Rated as Second in the Race— Ruef's Graft
Mass Meeting at Alharabra Theater This Evening
Under the Auspices of the Union League Club.
Governor George C. Pardee to Address the People
REPUBLICANS IN LINE
FOR THE WHOLE TICKET
GREAT SWING OF VOTES
TO HENRY J. CROCKER
THE SAN iTJAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY. OCTOBER 2fi. 1903.
5
REPUBLICAN NOMINEES"Is that so?" replied her hostess. "My
folks was all Baptists,', but Joalah comes
from a Methodist family."— Chicago Rec
ord-Herald^ : '
FOR some time past the leaders in the Lane camp have
been trying to keep up the courage of their followers
by assuring them that however far Lane might be
behind not only Crocker but Schmitz in the early part of
the campaign he would' make it up in the closing week.
Over and over again the word has been sent down- the line
during the past ten days, "Lane is a boss campaigner;
watch him on the homestretch; he will make a whirlwind
finish."
The last week of the campaign has opened and the whirl
wind is now due. It is quite probable that extreme efforts
will be made by the Lane men for the next two or three
days. Every Republican whom Mr. Lane counts among his
close personal friends and who by reason of that friendship
gives him support in this contest will be quoted as a proof
that Republicans are breaking away from Crocker. A good
deal of that kind of work has been done already and doubt
less we shall have more of it. It is to be^noted, however,
that despite all the columns of display given to these so
called : proofs of Republican defection they do not amount
to as many as half a ddzen when they are counted.
Of course no objection is to. be made to tafctics of that
kind when properly'used, but it is very easy to misuse them;
and consequently the public might just as well be on guard
for the rest of the campaign against canards and roorbacks:
When politicians set about making a whirlwind finish there
is no telling to what tactics they, will resort in their efforts
to raise a wind arid make it whirl. "
As the campaign presents itself there is nothing that gives
any slightest reason for changing the • opinion formed at - the
starf that the real contest is between Crocker and Schmitz.
Lane cannot draw any considerable number of Union Labor
men from Schmitz, but Crocker can and has. That 'fact
has been shown by the organization of a Henry. J. Crocker
Workingmen's League. with a membership running up into
A WHIRLWIND FINISH.
The isthmian canal is to share discussion with the pro
posed commercial treaty between the United States and
Cuba during the extra session of Congress. We may be
assured therefore that the legislative reputations that are
not lost in one debate will be hopelessly damaged in the
|pther.
Portland has a healthy sensation in the fact that a suit. has
been instituted to force some of the city's prominent club
men to pay for the whisky which they have imbibed in good
fellowship at the club bars. Slowly but surely the iconoclast
is tearing down the last cherished privileges of bohemianism.
If this sort of thing continues we won't have left a single
fashionable dead beat to exhibit even as a freak.
DOWIE'S CRUSADE.
CIRCULAR TANK— M. E., Colma, Cal.
To ascertain the holding capacity of a
circular tank multiply the square of the
diameter by .7S54 or the square of the
circumference by .0TO5S In order to find
the area of the tank. Then multiply the
area by the depth in Inches and divide
the product by 231. The quotient will
equal the number of gallons the tank will
hold.
ICE CHEST— A Subscriber. City. An
ice chest is usually kept on the porch
of a fashionable residence in proxlmlty
to the kitchen. If the owner of a fash
ionable house desires to keep an ice- chest
In his dinins-room there ia no law to
prevent him from so doing. It is a mat
ter of taste, and there is no accounting
for taste.
A Jester's Rough
Hand Strikes the
Deep Minor Chord
MISSION PARLOR HALL— Subscriber.
City. The Hall on Seventeenth street,
west of Valencia, San Francisco, which
was built for Mission Parlor of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, and which
for years was known as Mission Parlor
Hall, was dedicated on April' in, 1S03.
RING ETIQUETTE^-Rachel, City. For
a lady to wear a ring on a gloved finger,
no matter how beautiful the workmanship
or valuable the gems, is a violation of
etiquette «s.
TOWXSEND— W. B., City. If the arti
cle written by Edward W. Townsend re
ferred to in letter of inquiry Is not suffi
ciently clear to you, why not address him
direct?
MAST AND CANVAS— Water Front.
City. Tall masts of sailing vessels range
from 160 to 180 feet. Such carry from
60.C00 to 103,000 snuare feet of canvas.
Sparklets Struck
Glowing Off Anvil
of Fun Makers
"My Idea of a wise man," said the
youth who though he knew things, "!¦
one who knows when to stop talking."
"A man who possesses the genuine
brand of wisdom." rejoined the venerable
philosopher, "knows when not to begin."
• — Chicago News.
down on Montgomery street,
behind the Hall of Justice, there is
a little restaurant which keeps its
doors open all night. Along in the gray
hours of the morning, when the vegetable
carts and the milk wagons begin to rum
ble through the streets, a motley crowd
of nlsht owls drift In there to get their
warming cup of coffee. and a "snake."
Every morning about 1 o'clock there
comes Into the little shop a slattern old
woman, who sits down to her rolls and
steaming coffee apart in one corner of the
dimly lighted room. She Is tall, gaunt,
shaky in her step and has a habit of sit
ting with her lean arms tightly folded
about her as 4f to Insure against her be
draggled clothing falling away from her
scrawny form. No one knows who she is
or where she lives. When once her order
is set before her she begins to nod. First
she will make an endeavor to shake off
sleep by a pretense of reading the coffee
stained paper. Ostentatiously • she will
turn j the pages and pretend to scan the
columns, but Inevitably the crazy old bon
net will drop lower and lower until with
a quick Jerk It Is barely saved from dip
ping In the coffee.
A few mornings ago a greasy meat
wagon driver, who happened to be In the
restaurant for the first time, evidently,
took a keen delight in watching that old
bonnet dip and waver. At last, when the
dingy feather trailed Into the egg ome
lette on the bare table he burst into a
roar of laughter.
"HI, old lady, take a brace!" he bawled,
slapping his table with his fist.
Instantly the bonnet righted itself and
the aueer shambling figure raised Itself
with an air of rare dignity. The seamed
old face was turned toward the butcher.
Not a shadow of a scowl crossed the wan
features as the old lady spoke.
"Young man," she said, "when you have
known sorrow you will not laugh."
Then the old lady went out into the
gray morning. 1 .
Danny, Human Bat,
Finds Hanging by
the Chin a Luxury
"My mudder tought about a year ago
dat I was soon to cash in, so she got in
surance on me life for a thou. 80 long
as a' git all dis sleep I'm all right, all
right, an' now my mudder's sore on pay
in' de premium on me life any longer.
Well, I guess dat won't make me die.
'Nudder steam, barkeep."
Waking refreshed a few mornings ago
from his, bat-like sleep, Danny addressed
the curious witnesses of his sleeping
stunt. He said;
Danny Is seen to best advantage In the
dark hours of the morning. His work
through, he drops into one of "the poor
rren's club3" that line his route to en-
Joy a nightcap— of "steam."
Perhaps drowsiness will come upon him
and then his accomplishment will evidence
Itself. Hooking his chin over the bar
rail and slipping his hands comfortably
into his coat pockets, he permits his
knees to bend under him until, with heaa
bent back at a startling angle, his weight
rests heavily on his chin. Then he slum
bers and the hours glide away, his snor
ing uninterrupted by the klinking ol
glasses and the wild songs of roisterers.
Tj yO head through which raced the
j\f phantom shapes of happy dreams
•^ X ever rested easier on silken pil
low than does Danny's chin on a bar-rail
when drowsiness seizes him— and that is
often. Danny— sometimes called the "hu
man bat"— Is a remarkable, man, from the
standpoint of his ability to sleep with
comfort in positions that would fracture
the n.ack of Atlas in marble.
CALIFORNIA has a more than passing interest in
the/, plans' and methods of Dr. John Alexander
Dowie, the reincarnated Elijah. He began his-<vork
as a divine healer in this State, but as.it did not go to suit
him he left, us. He has not forgotten-us, however, for he
announces that after he has clarified New York he will come
and found Zion in the midst of us.
That his plans deserve our attention is demonstrated by
his remarkable success in Chicago. He has gathered within
his fold several thousand people and has had the art to '
accumulate in cash gifts from the well-to-do in his flock or !
under his influence a fortune of several millions of dollars, j
His Zion City, near Chicago, has a large population and he
has founded there lacemaking and other industries of con
siderable magnitude and commercial importance. His vast
wealth is shown in his. ability 'to hire special trains with am
ple accommodations to transport three thousand of his peo
ple to New York City and there hire for a month or more
Madison-square Garden as a meeting place for his "clari
fiers."
His influence with his followers is absolute. They think I
they believe that he is the prophet Elijah and obey his bid
ding without question. His career has not been without
scandals, entirely of a financial nature, however. His own rel- j
atives have sued him to recover large sums of money given I
into his keeping, but have not succeeded in getting it back,
for he seenjs to be as keen in the law as he is in business.
The medical profession has procured his arrest and prosecu
tion for pretending to cure disease by laying on of hands
and incantation, but none of these suits succeeded in sup- j
pressing him. The preachers have preached against him and
the mob has hooted and pelted him, but every attack uponj
him of whatever nature has seemed only to make him
stronger and increase his following.
A large number of orthodox clergymen of many denomi
nations have resigned their pastorates to join him and enter
his missionary corps. A few years ago, having conspic
uously failed to heal the sick in cases brought to him, he
declared 'that they could not be divinely healed because they j
had some time eaten pork. Thereupon he started a crusade
against swine, and his missionaries went into the hog and
corn country and actually influenced many farmers to kill j
all their hogs and destroy them by fire as a burnt offering.
This movement reached such proportions that it alarmed the j
great pork packers of Chicago, who feared that the supply
would be cutvpff, and, they took steps to send out counter
missionaries to offset Dowie's work.
In person he is a man of large frame, with a large head
and not very refined features or manners. In speech he is
coarse and unimaginative. His discourse is not symmetrical
and has none of the graces of oratory. It consists in putting ¦
forward the most preposterous claims for himself, his super
natural power, his insight into the unseen and his ability to.
work wonders. While his followers seem to be satisfied
whether they see the promised wonders or not. the doubting
world outside is compelled to admit that his wonders worked
upon material things are actual. Both the spiritual and
non-spiritual observers of his career find it difficult to ac
count for his power over his followers, who resign them- I
selves and their property to him in blind and unquestioning |
obedience. It may be said for him that his coarseness of I
speech does notVnake against him, for many of the prophets
of the Old Testament were equally coarse and as brutally
direct. But they also had the imaginative, the poetic, vein j
in which he seems entirely lacking.
Considered as a religious movement his cult is surely a
curiosity. It has attracted to him people from every church,
just why only they can tell. His career seems to again em
phasize the fact that 'any bold man who will set up a novelty j
that is framed in the mystic and, supernatural will get fol- j
lowers. The human tendency to pry into the unknown and i
unknowable and to see through the eyes of another the mys- |
tcrious things not visible to the natural eye must be,ac
cepted as accounting for the great following of such a man.
It is probable too that his'keen attention to tfie material in
terests of his followers has something to do with his suc
cess. Like the Mormon church he sees to it that his people
have work and that they are so directed that they are sure
of the comforts of life.
Early in his New York crusade he is attacked by Rev. Dr.
Parkhurst. But that is what Dowie wants. He thrives on
attacks, and his policy has always been to provoke them.
No matter what he does in New York he will tell *his people
that he has succeeded, they will believe him and his special
trains will carry them to Chicago flushed with victof-y. Then
we are to expect him here. He will move on California with
thousands of his followers to settle them ijj a 7 nev^ Zion
here. This assault on Satan in our State will be awaited
with interest, possiblj' by Satan, and certainly by our people.
A .mild-mannered, subtly persuading .rascal was arrested
recently; for having' filched thousands upon thousands of
dollars from a gullible public,' which had- easily and eagerly
been baited >by wild-cat mining shares. The lesson , of this
operator's "manipulations is obvious. The stupid gulls, who
assume to match their clouded wits-withthose of one clev
erer than tney, should store their losses to the credit of ex
perience if hot'of wisdom. ;
A Georgia Refrain.
Alligator steak en catfish stew.
Big yam tatrr«, en mountain dew,
Lean cow kilt far de barbecue —
High ole times in Georgy!
Co'n In decrlb. en cotton In de seln,
Mqney In yo' pocket "twel he shine Ilk* «ta:
Ev*y cullud nigger with a 'possuin-grln^
High ole times la Georgy!
No- use sighin*. w'en de jutf ter fill.
No use cryin" w'en de milk done spill:
Keep on a-hopin' dat de cow'U stan' still —
High ole times In Georgy!
— Atlanta Constitution.
Absent Minded.
"1 really feel worried about my hus
band, he Is getting to be so absent mind
ed," said a young wife to her dearest girl
friend.
"Tell me about It. dear." said th»
friend sympathetically.
"Well, he came home from business
very late the other evening, and I heard
him talking In the hall."
"To himself?" asked the friend, sus
piciously.
"No, Indeed. 1 * —
"Not the— cook?"
"I should say not. What an Idea! No;
when I went down I found him with a
feather duster in his hands, and. would
you believe It. the poor fellow was trying
to make It say, 'Polly want a biscuit' "—
Cardiff Times.
Mother's Way.
When I was younsr. I recolleet.
My mother had a way
Uf dropptn' all my nicknames wh«a
* I chanced to disobey.
Or when I tried to shirk my work, N
By arguments or games.
I 'member how she'd change rny mind
By simply saying "James!"
I 'member how I ust to kick
When mother wanted wood. H
How If she called me, "Jim" 'twas saf*
To whine, I understood.
But how I shot out to that shed
For fuel for the flames
"When mother paused and turned around
And quietly said "James!"
It's thirty years or thereabouts
Since she called "James" to me.
But thirty years ain't long enough
To kill that memory.
To-day that wcrd from mother s lip«
"Ud be the king of names —
'I'd give the world to hear onct more
Old mother call me "James!"
—Kansas City Star.
In Wrong.
It Is not unusual in li^e to see an awk
ward fellow making a. false step. He at-
: r tempts to recover himself and makes an
other: the second Is followed by a th\rd.
and down he comes. Here Is an illustra
tion of what we mean: A gentleman
once said to Lofd North, "Pray, my Lor*,
who is that extremely Qgly woman sittr.
i over there?" "That's my youngest sister. '
eald his Lordship. "Good gracious," said
the gentleman, "I don't mean her, I mean
the next." "That's my eldest sister," re
plied the nobleman. "I protest." cried
the unhappy gentleman. "I don't mean
her. but the third." "That ia my wife,"
said Lord North. "The devil!" ejaculated
the poor fellow. "You may as well say
that." said Lord North, "for she Is as
ugly as fine. But console yourself,
my dear, sir, we are the ugliest family in
England."— Golden Penny.
"What would become of you. hubby. It.
1 you lost me?" •
"I should go crazy, dear*"
"Would you marry again?"
"Oh. no! I shouldn't be so cruy **
that."— Fliengende Blaetter.
Bill Devery has turned a cold shoulder and a,deaf ear. to
his friend Samuel Parks of shameful memory and "says that
the" fellow must shift for himself. When any man's work
becomes too coarse for a Devery it. is high time for decent
people to take to the tall, trees. > V
They've ' found " the bug
That eats the bug
Thp.i fights the bug '
That bites u»: - ....
They've traced the germ
That kills the germ - ¦ :\
That chews the germ
That smites us.
They know tne bug
That knifes the buff
That stabs the bug :
That Jabs us; ,
They've seen the germ
That hate* the germ
That biffs 'the germ
That nabs us.
They've struck th« bui
; That slays the bug
T. That flay* the bug
¦/[: That sticks us; -
/ They've jailed the germ
That guWea the germ '
! That : :tautht the terra
• To fix U3."
But still these, buss —
Mtcrobto thugs —
In spite of drugs ,
Combat us;
And still these germs —
. Described In terms
Inspiring squirms—
Get at usl
Bugs,
Single Bliss Robs
Middle Age of Its
Dearest Happiness
By Chaunccy M. DcpKv.
««^ 5CENTLY a young lady who had
S3 just come back from a month's
»^L honeymoon called on me.
"How do you like matrimony?"
I asked.
"I am utterly wretched," she replied.
I asked her why.
"Beca-use I did not to* it sooner."
And that speech of hers, frivolous as it
may appear, sounded the keynote of tha
marrying question far more truly and
resonantly than could the sneering epi
grams of a world full of cynics.
• • •
I bear unqualified testimony to the fact
that a man who passes his life in what
Is miscalled "single blessedness" has
missed most of life's pleasures.
Life at 20— even at 30— may seem pleas
ant enough to a man wltnout a wife to
share its triumphs or failures. The
world is young. There is much to dis
tract and amuse. Home perhaps seems
"a place to go when all the other places
are closed." Friends are plentiful; rela
tives and immediate family are about
him.
But when a man reaches middle or old
age? Friend* are not so many nor per
haps so disinterested as at 20. Old-time
pleasures lack their zest
Klessed, thrice blessed, then, is th^man
who has home, wife and children to ease
that last stage of life's long climb. Most
miserable of mortals is he who must look
forward to a loveless and lonely old age.
• • •
Annexing a wife and family In youth Is
merely a higher and wiser form of put
ting money In bank. No other invest
ment yields such interest in later years.
Let a man inarry just as soon as he
can support alwlfe. The youth who puts
off this great fetep in order that he may
search through the world for an "af
finitv" Is foolish. In the search he is
more than liable to pass by his true "af
finity" and to choose at last a T*Jfe whom
no stretch of Imagination could twist into
an affinity for any one. The traditional
man who wandered for days through
a forest looking for material for a cane,
and who at last picked up a crooked
stick, was fortunate if that crooked stick
did not turn out to be a snake.
A man Is just as likely to hit upon his
ideal earlv in life as later on. My ad
vice, then, as the supposititious man's
lawyer, is: "Don't wait."
"Marriage halves one's privileges and
doubles one's troubles" is an idiotic saw
probably invented by a bachelor. There is
too much talk of this sort. Men speak of
matrimony as a millstone tied about the
neck of youth. The lives of the world's
most successful men give the He to this
feilacy. *
Search the lives of the men who have
made history, of the men who have
achieved true greatness, who have won
fame, who have acquired wealth.
The vast majority of them were mar
ried. Of these the greater part married
young. Their wives, instead of trans
forming themselves into shapely but
heavy millstones and dangling about the
galled necks cf their liege lords, have, in
nine cases out of ten, done more than all
other influences combined to crown their
husbands' lives with success. Nearly all
great men who have been married would
confess they owed much of their fame or
wealth to their wives.
There are, of course, obstacles to happi
ness in married life. So also are there
reefs and shoals in the Atlantic. But the
sailor does not for that reason become a
landsman. He studies the shoals and
learns to avoid them. The pitfalls in mat
rimony can far more easily be studied
and avoided by any couple possessed of
a moderate degree of sense.
My belief, from observation, is that sev
enty-five out of 100 marriages are happy,
and that not more than five out of that
number are unhappy.
Apart from love itself there is a com
panionship in married life that draws
closer and more beautiful as the years go
by.
During my last visit to Europe I met a
distinguished' man who expressed the
deepest Interest in our country.
"Why do you not visit us then?" I
asked him, "if you have so kindly a feel
ing for America and the Americans?"
"Because," he replied, simply, "my wife
could not stand the voyage, and I would
not, for any personal or selfish reason,
be responsible for one day's separation
from her."
The couple had been married, forty
years.
Again, many a man or maid postpones
.jjfarrlage because in neither's heart, has
dawned that wonderful aa«eatlon of the
novelist known as "love at first sight"
This is a mistake. Propinquity Is the
most powerful factor in making two
hearts beat as one. .
Many women fo"rm their ideals of a
husband on novels and plays. Disillu
sionment is bound to follow. They find
that th» once idealized husband is only
a common mortal without even a pin
feather on his shoulder blade. Then th4
wife feels she has been deceived. So she
has. But by herself; not by her hus
band.
Another grievous blow to many a wife
is that her husband does not always re
main her lover. She forgets that he Is
toiling every day for her welfare, as no
lover would toiL She forgets also the
wide difference between masculine and
feminine nature. Man loves, but not
quite as woman loves.
While a man may become so wildly in
fatuated as to spend his business hours
in drawing Cupids all over his letter
beads, yet love can never pennanenily
occupy so large a place in his life as it
does in woman's. His life is too full, too
active, too varied in its Interests.
Concession on both Eides is the sover
eign remedy for domestic differences.
If you were to drop two strange cats
into a barrel and then clap on the lid you
vnuld not marvel at the ensuing sounds
cf wrath nor at the floating upward of
errant scraps of fur.
Yet when a man and a woman, reared
along different lines and in separate en
vironments, do not agree in every par
ticular the world, stands aghast at the
tale of martial infelicity. Whereas, a
little forbearance, a careful study of each
other's moods and failings, will soon re
duce this strife to a minimum.
Copyright, 1303, by Joseph B. Bowles.
I believe that no couple who began by
loving each other and had the right con
sideration for each other ever came to
serious trouble. The effort of each to
please the other leads in a little while to
not having to try, because of the sym
pathy between them.
"Kiss and moke up" Is a good rule. If
the couple do not properly consider their
relations there will be a good many
kisses, but far more necessity of making
up. *B«BSNBBII BffHHHMBHBH
By Malcolm McDowell.
(Author ofV"Shop Talk on the Wonders of the
Crafts.")
/N an Eastern locomotive works Is. a
gray haired mechanic who can "feel"
the thousandth part of an inch. His
fingers are calloused. His knuckles
are stiff from hard work. His palm is
tough as leather. Yet with a pair of wab
bly-Iegged calipers, the ordinary measur
ing appliance used in every machine shop
in the country, he can detect the differ
ence between one inch and .999 inch.
There are michometer gauges which ac
curately measure to the thickness of a
bubble's film. There are exquisitely fash
ioned machines which record almost In
finitesimal divisions of space. TheVe are
other machines of well-nigh Inconceiv
able delicacy in operation which, with
diamond points, rule thousands of crossed
lines in a square inch of glass. And there
are hundreds of men in overalls who, like
the old Eastern mechanic, accomplish the
apparently impossible In the ordinary
course of a day's work, and that without
realizing they are doing anything wonder
ful. .
• ';;¦•"•,-•
s-l • • •
The extraordinary accuracy in nice
measurements which enables a mechanic
to note a difference of one one-thousandth
part of an inch in comparing two diam
eters is not given to every craftsman,
but there are multitudes of workmen who,
v.ithout knowing it, do almost incredible
things in their daily labor.
Boring holes in a strip of wood fifteen
inches apart is not much of a trick if the
holes are marked beforehand.' But there
is a lad about 18 years old in an agricul
tural implement factory who does nothing
all day long but bore half-inch holes fif
teen Inches apart in strips of hard wood.
The swiftly revolving auger sticks out
horizontally from the machine. The lad
presses the strip against the auger, which
instantly rips through the wood.
He then moves the strip along and an
other hole Is bored, and so on to the. end
This operation is repeated with weari
some monotony all day and every day in
the week. No marks are- made for the
lad to set the auger to, yet careful meas
urements of a number of sticks showed
that 85 per cent of the holes were exact
ly, fifteen inches apart, and in no case
was there an error to exceed half an Inch.
The ceaseless repetition of certain mo
tions had made the young lad a human
measuring rod.
In another building not far from where
he worked a power hammer all day long
beats a merry tattoo and turns out har
row teeth. Its operator is a boy who sits
on a high stool and with a pair of tongs
holds the red-hot "blanks" under the
hammer. His helper lays the heated
steel on an iron plate. The toothmaker
picks it up. sticks it under the hammer,
presses a lever with his foot, and the
hammer strikes rapidly and sharply, the
operator meanwhile turning the blank and
pushing it forward. The latter move
ment is necessary to secure a sharp, even
point. If moved forward too far the point
is ragged; if not enough the point is too
blunt.
The boy has been making harrow teeth
a year. Doing the same thing over and
over again has turned living flesh and
blood into an automatic feeding attach
ment to a power hammer. The muscles
of his fingers, wrist and right arm work
in beautiful harmony with the machine.
They move the harrow tooth blank ex
actly the right distance at exactly the
right time, apparently without mental ef
fort, for the operator frequently reads
the sporting columns of a newspaper,
making perfectly pointed harrow teeth
the while.
• • •
Much that is called skill and expertness
is but marvelous precision and wonder
ful uniformity secured after years of un
varied work One cannot feel the almost
velvety smoothness of a hand-cut "dead
smooth" file without doubting the state
ment that every cut in it was made by
the hand of a man and not by a machine.
A file is cut from an annealed or soft
ened steel blank. The chisel has a broad,
straight cutting edge. The hammer han
dle is inserted well up toward one end of
the hammer head, and when the workman
strikes he gives a "pulling" blow which
raises the "burr" that makes a good
han<»-cut file popTJlar with mechanics.
The file cutter, \a-straddle his bench,
works year after year on the same "cut"
of file, and in time becomes so much of a
machine that he can close his eyes and
never miss a blow or spoil a cut He is a
mere automaton, yet the file cutters of
Sheffield. England, are declared to be of
all mechanics the most skilled and expert
with the hammer and cold chisel.
One need not search the machine shops
and factories for examples of wonderful
skill and expertness developed by repeti
tion and sameness. He finds It in the ele
vator man who stops his swiftly moving
car so that Its floor level coincides with
the fixed floor level. He can see it in
the gripman or raotorman who brings his
cable train or trolley car to a stop with
the rear platform exactly over the side
walk crossing. The dressmaker, swiftly
plying her needle, discloses It in every
stitch. The bricklayer, building a wall
exactly plumb, demonstrates another
phase of subconscious precision;- and the
skilled paper hanger, cutting a roll of
wallpaper lengthwise without gauge or
mark, seldom falls to make the edges
parallel.
• <-. > •¦¦-•>»
But it is the engineer of a high-speed
Iacomotlve who has attained almost ideal
perfection "In combining time accuracy,
speed certainty and distance judgment to
meet time table requirements. The man
at the throttle, controlling with the nicest
discrimination his steam propelled pro
jectile, weighing sometimes a hundred
tons, has a new problem to solve every
time he Begins a trip. The wind and
weather, the condition of the rails, the
weight of his train, the opposing move
ments of other trains, his own physical
condition, are factors which enter into
the problem.. He must go a certain dis
tance within a specified number of min
utes, making specified stops between ter
minals, and he must arrive and leave "on
time." This means variations of speed
betw««n points, and yet day. after day
he drives his Iron horse,' now urging it
to its highest speed, now soothing it to
a quiet run, arriving and departing to
the minute, reeling " off the mlles^-trlth
confident certainty and finally pulling up
at the terminal— "on time.". ;'
It's a wonderful performance when you
come to think of it*
Copyright, 1003, by Joseph B. Bowles. •''
..ADHERE was one. story the re
• • g porters didn't get," said the
<£ big policeman to the new
man en the beat. ./'It wa3
when I was doing quarantine duty in
Chinatown. My partner and myself were
detailed to watch a room in which three
Chinese were confined by the Board of
Health. All the entrances to the room
had been sealed by the doctors except tine
skylight, and we watched the Chinks
through that.
. "It was twelve-hour watches then, and
the time went slowly. In order to help
things along, we fell into the habit of
taking a bottle of germ exterminator up
on the roof with us. One night the fog
came in and we drank up all the exter
minator before midnight. I volunteered
to go after some more. "When I returned
my partner was fast asleep, and by the
light of a coal oil lamp In the room be
low I could see that there were only two
Chinks in the room. I woke him up and
told him that our jobs were things of the
past. His gray matter commenced work
ing overtime instantly. Finally he evolved
a saving plan, and we followed it.
"We battened down the skylight and
went out into the byways of Chinatown.
We waited until we found a Chinaman
who generally resembled our escape and
we shanghaied him. Of course, he strug
gled, but we carried him tq the roof and
shot him through the skylight. Then we
resumed our occupation of beating off the
fog with our germ exterminator.
•A Board of Health inspector came aloi;sr
and peered through the skylight. 'One
of them seems to have gone insane,' he
said. The captured Chink was making
noises as though he had swallowed a
crockery store and it had begun to break
up Inside of him.
" 'That's due to long confinement.' I
said. We kept the poor Chink seventeen
days, and he gradually recovered from his
insanity." ¦¦
OIL ON TROUBLED WATERS-
Subscriher. City. The origin of the
phrase, ' "Pouring oil on troubled
waters," ia lost in antiquity, but
it is pot a Biblical phrase. The no
tion that oil will smooth troubled
water is very old indeed. The Syrian
fishermen have been wont for time
out «of mind to pour oil on the sea when
caught in a storm far from land. Tho
boatmen of the Persian Gulf have always
been in the habit of towlns astern their
frail craft bladders filled with oil. these
bladders pricked so as to permit a gentle
leakage of the oil In the wake of their
boats. In book 3. chapter XV, In "The
Miracles of Bishop Aldan." Bedes' Eccle
siastical History, is Riven what Is said
to be. the earliest account of the use of
oil to ouell troubled waters. "I know,"
said Bishop Aldan as he gave to a priest
named TJlla some holy oil, "that soon
after you shall * embark you will meet
with a storm and a contrary wind; but
then remember to cast this oil which I
now slve you into the sea, and Imme
diately the storm shall cease and you
shall have pleasant, calm weather and
return home in safety." It was a witty
Irish saUor who said nf oil on the water
that "it makes the waves so slippery that
the wind can't get hold of them."
CONSERVATISM still characterizes trade and cau
tion in buying is the dominant feature' 1 now. From
all sections of the country come the reports that
buyers are taking no more goods than they need and that
the liberal and often thoughtless forward purchasing of the
past several years is a thing of the past. Steel mills, iron
furnaces, copper) coal and i r on mines have, shut down in a
number of widely separated regions, another general re
duction in the price of pig iron is announced in spite of the
recently diminished output and a movement is on foot to
still further cut down the production unless business im
proves.
Soft coal prices are. held up purely by combination and
would drop if left alone. The textile mills are no longer
working overtime and refusing to accept orders where
prompt delivery is required. They are now willing to ac
cept all business offered. .The only briskness worthy of
note among the great Eastern manufacturing districts is
shown by the cotton mills, which report rather more activ
ity, and by the footwear factories of New 'England, which\j
continue to do an active business. The movement in gen- |
eral merchandise throughout the country is less than at
this season for several years, and the decline in prices, ac
cording to Dun's index number, on which the cost of<fiving
is based, is slightly over 3 per cent compared with 1902,
and'the decline from May 1,1902, which was :the< highest
point touched in recent years, is now about 5 per cent.
The index number of commodity prices October 1 was
$97-37, against $98.54 September 1. The chief ..has
been in breadstuff's and meats, the latter having declined
about 14 per cent during the past year.
It will be remembered that a year or so ago, when the
so-called "beef barons" marked up quotations for meats
with no apparent compunction and the people and press
all over the country were indignantly protesting against
the summary proceeding, that the prediction was freely
made that the days of moderate-priced meats had forever
passed and that in the near future beef would be to 1 the
workingman of America as it is to the average European
— beyond the reach of his purse and eaten only on Sundays
and holidays as a treat. -But it seems that Providence is
ordaining otherwise and that from present indications the
American wage earner will stifl be a beef eater for a good
many years to -come. For which may we be truly thankful.
As for cured meats, such as the products of the hog, the
Western packing markets are dragging and for some
months prices have been held up by main strength alone,
while the general expectation is that the markets must
fall to a still lower level. Briefly, the cost of living is de
creasing and has been for months, though the decline is so
gradual that it is noticeable only to those few commercial
statisticians who keep close track of prices. To the general
public it is imperceptible, though it is going on silently all
the time, like the noiseless formation of frosting on the
window panes during the cold nights of winter.
So much for general trade. As for finance, the conditions
have been further unsettled of late by the suspension of a
couple of trust companies in Baltimore, a bank at Pitts
burg and rumors of impending trouble in St. Louis, though
the latter were not realized. All this tended to still further
demoralize Wall street and led to further liquidation.
Money, however, was not materially affected, and rates
showed no change worthy of note. It is gratifying to
serve that thus far this fall the stringency in funds expected
to accompany the regular autumnal movement of the crops
has not materialized, and when we Tecall the sweat we were
in last spring over what was going to happen in this direc
tion during the fall we cannot but remember that fine old
remark about crossing a bridge before we get to it. It may
be that funds may yet be tight, but they are not thus far, and
it may turn out that we did a good deal of worrying over
nothing after all.
I The usual figures are running rather against 1903. The
weekly bank clearings showed a loss of 20.2 per cent last
week as compared with the corresponding week last year,
while the failures were 279, against 239, and included several
large ones, as mentioned above.
The leading local feature last week was the bankers' con
vention of course.) It was noticeable that the whole trend
of expression among the bankers during the meeting was
toward thorough confidence in the sound prosperity of the
country, a general belief that it would continue and that the
present lull in business was simply the natural recession from
a period of over-expansion in speculation and exploiting of
vast syndicates. If there was any apprehension or pessimism
among the bankers they certainly did not show it and all
addresses expressed surprise and admiration over the solid
commercial basis of the country.
the thousands. ' Line cannot draw from Republican ranks
any support save that of a few personai friends/ but Crocker
can and has obtained fro.m the ranks' of conservative Democ
racy hundreds of who come to him because they
recognize that ; in this contest he stands for the best inter
ests of all classesv of people and gives clear assurance of a
good administration carried out from first to last on busi
ness lines.
Up to this, time the most notable feature of the campaign
has been the \ magnificent "canvass* of Mr. Crocker. Lane is
one of the brightest and brainiest campaigners of the time.
His friends justly counted a great deal upon his capacity in
that respect to overcome the heavy odds against him, but
they did not foresee that he would be met by a man who,
without any of the arts of rhetoric, would prove more than
his match. jThat, however, is what has happened. Mr.
Crocker has met Lane upon his own ground and beaten him.
As matters stand now the chances, are) that the whirlwind
finish will be made by Crocker and that, independent voters
will gather round him and help to make his victory a sweep
ing one for the whole ticket.
Great Precision
Attained by Old
Mechanic's Hands
The Wise Cops Who
Kept Quarantine
Despite the Fog
Answers of Oracle
To the Questions
From the Curious
TRADE STILL CONSERVATIVE.
GLEANINGS FROM CITY
AND GEMS IN
A NEW SETTING
THE SAN FEANCISOO CALL, MONDAY, ' OCTOBER 26, 1903.
SOME UNUSUAL BITS
TO SUIT THE
POPULAR FANCY
THE SAN FRANCISCO O ALL
JOHN D. SPRECKFI5, Proprietor. . . . . . . ; . . Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office , <j£|£§||||5> • • • .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
MONDAY ..............;:...: .................. OCTOBEf 26, 1903
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
W I f«*y— Do you think there is a man
shat could conscientiously say to his wife,
"You are the only woman I ever loved"?
Hubby— Only one that I can think of.
"Wifey— Who? You. dearest?
Hubby— Oh, no; Adam.— New Yorker.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound, in artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st, above Call bldff. •
"Both of my grandparents on my moth
er's Fide were nonagenarian?," said Mrs.
Oldcastle.
6Stra. 2£eca and Tide.
Csxtol S»aw» C-atrt a=J G*i«J*SSe Ssrrry —
Ti=» ajrf E«irit» «f Eia* aad Lew
\Taxn« «t Frst J^jfctt. eairaac* t» S*3
rr*aca«» Bay. P_ttls5.*2 ty <«3=ial ta
sSrrrtiy «T tise SspeTiatcaVffz.
XCTEI— Ti* iiri aid fcv ¦*r*tsr« «or=r at
¦¦riMJTii later ti*a »! Ftn PcJxl; tie Sae£«tt
<^ tile £* ti* «a=f az tcti gtties.
atoxPAT. ocToszp- si i»a^ ~~
5aa rt«» - «^S «- =s.
j^s ss'-s ---- :-- 5:1#»- «.
Itaca yfta 16:I« pl p.
= ¦: ; Ft. [ j Ft- 1 i TL. { — ;' n.
-; i S-Jffi 4-T;19:C XTi <^? tllU.* 0.S
aJfS 4.5 11:5*1 3Lt *i= UU:» L.«
•i.'J;^}. 4*" ltt«i 2L-i «:*"-(. «-l^ *
S& t »-C- 1-S* T:4T3 5.C; 1:**? t*: T:tT 4-2
si 1 i-j; L3-: *z=n *=i s^» «-^ ¦*-*
VOTE — la" tif *i«rr» «*5«eiTl3» «« tie ti5a
th* etrsy exzzszx i52» *re rirea fcs ti* iefl
£*2»3 .ytfTTTt asd th* easoeaarre tai«9 rf tie
_tT t= ti* crier cT cc£=rr*=e* *s t» ts=»: tie
focrii t&se cetera Itri* ti« i**s tS4e» «rf tie
4jy_ exr«;t wi>sa siere xr* Set tiree tls. as
sccwtiiacs eccars. Ta* S«tsiis »liei are t>
a,£iirim t» 1^? «cc=rfi=S» << t5« t'rltrf Stxse»
Ccan S^rrty efcxrt*. *xs»?t wJb«s a r=isa» « — >
»ira peweds* Ii* te^ii a^ ti« e*K=.i*r
rnr*= fcf r=5tr*«S#-l fre= tie &^2* _*r«a ty
tie eiart*- TS* ptase «rf r«f «r«=oe Ss Cs# »«*a
cf the &>»er 6r» «*raff*.
Tk* OrieaaJ St-asahfp O3tap»5]r*s . titosaa
I Azserica ii*rz arrive} -at H.rprhrta y«.i*r i» y.
? 2Z*j>s Ki.-z-l-'.~J. to trail Crsaa tiis seel 2cr si-e
ArriTes at Hanoluln.
Ar«cSs« to tafety. Tbs <Sip»i«i nyx ii_x sb*
fcrtx w£3 te a -Kal !c*t
Tbe Ta=*r let t Saa IKier> «eranl day* ar*,
bact4 t» Port Asesfcs. ,, Si>e ' eacstsxurwi
t-jATT <a>* <_xS=ar fcer trs» aa* tie crew *sr
f ereS csati fcarf»iiti. T&e fer!*- t * ««r=«-3 ey «
$*mzz&e fires »3k£ to?r nsaacer. ri->»>- X^wiaB.
fci also frtaa tfee 'WaatiirMm etsy.
«*¦»« ti.-» fcctsr Tassx?. £ios S-ii;- >. ir» rt ssiort
s£X B&CS ti^jar Flft Al^;~a tat s. itny ;.(
Ut* 5*r^riiT tnaa»L Ct^_ts KTviail tad
tie cr*v f*j~nr*at< ax Iir *l>:a.; tr-i r»ici*i - Pert
A <£i»ratffft Jitaa S«ast» lait fc^it ftatss
Bzig Tanner Ashcr*.
Shipping Intelligence.
AHHIVEIX
Ssaiay, Octs&cr SV.
- stssr O C tiaixsser, AEe^, $7 Zasr* Craca
Grays Karbcc-
Sssa- Arss» I>r*^«T. i fcoar» taa Pig tea
Pefct. - ¦ . ¦ .
t^sr Ersrararfe*. Jcsisaccw It laser* £r=ia
Fcrt Bna
."-Set? Bessie 5. • 3f ssriasa. 12 haRsra Iraa £aa
VI:«E:e l*ff>^ct?
¦ star Pia*_4x. OfJaas!. IJ Seen teas M«a
iactaa. ¦ • : .. . : ¦
¦ems- Esrifi*. itsmesu'^S tosrs £rn=i T^r-^ir.
Srssr Edt^. a»a. ST Skott* firtsa Seats!*.
" Br st=r Wrtfdt Watsa; ** Z&zza frsta
Vi-r'ri-- '
esarr Xfwtcrs. Aslisdss^, • tl kocrs Crssa
£*a Pttfca. _
Stssr WtitHierv T&cz. II b?sr» rrssa Pctst
Arts*.
B3ctaS G WHdcr. Jasfcoe. » iay» £raci
KbiwItTt '
SeJsr W H-Mtate. Carti*. S* li^i lrz=
£e£r Wsa <S**=. BarrSX 1» «ay» •rani Ta-
Stasr XararrSi. 21 fceers fraa W«j=
{DC!!?* ¦ ¦ ¦
- Sesr Socti Bay, *«siJescc !S N-*tr» - £rsa
f— *>» • ¦ ¦ ¦
ScJ=- i araiT CU Ca=Jften. - 9 iecr« ¦; trass. ¦ Bo
&t^M- ¦ J&B&Si ft? B *"*'8BB5fiP* l SBB»^Mai^ni^ w 3NMjBrf
£t=sr Gr«e» EhsCar. Obes. 7? bacn trsca ,
Grxjv Rarter; bssa£. to i*=. F«.Jr •?; pc: is oj
Scaiay." Oetsfter 3. *
-- Saar WestacrS. . Sssiti. VTtaisest- " ¦ ." t
- Strsr O=£rx£a. Ericfc*=v Craj» Hirtcc. . I
TO ARBTTS.
c t1^~^r- - I Frssa. J Do»-
XsESea--^-J f*3 P*dr» .""-lOct. 2t
Bae£ta~ 1 Xt-rpan * Way Ptets-K>K_ S*
?Hi=teT * *5"ar Pacts.^V*. SS
r? lima Ba**a »«. 2*
H«W- Opw aaxfeer.-.. 'OK. TS
N*jtte»*Cal-. < Sj« D£«»3 A Way Ptrts Oct. 2«
_ _ , L . . i. f ri7£ i. ».rcyn -...••.•••••. .^w*. *•
Caraaa4» fOray* Kartcr...... ...... O«.
B««Bsoao..--..J^--_*«s . — ---£_=*- 5
IMX<cte.— |Of«RSi Cfcy ;Oei- n
Cfcfcra ....---[CtaT5s3e E!»« — .. 'Oct. SI
Ar^A . — - I C«» E 1^ * P** 1 Osf=si OK. 2«
Si^ .... I X*w T«rk vs* Fk3*at.Oc »
XteartaT.-.-J H*=tcr* * Pcrt«.'<Vs. »
Xi.ire»-- -I IVctlaad A "Way Plsrts.Oes. r»
r < ii 1 1 I K-~T«Ni&2t . ...-.—.. .Oct. T>
Ci-Ii Ren...; Sas D*»pi A Way PwrtsOct. »
PH-- \rcsa.. ! X«=ttori»> A Pt- Ar-ii. O«_ 3
Ci~r Pwe&Sa--- 1 Pss« S^csS Part* ! Ort. T»
O?k«...;.iHaJ«s Part.. *>t- =»
(Sec* Bay.----i ?*= Prfr» A "Wax PaclMJc*. rB
Cx*=«=* ..|Ooo« B»T-. .:.-.-.. -Ort. 3»
Arr*- iiara.-«Ctl3* A Jasas. ........ KJtt. S*
c Birian— Ifasle * Cfr=rTt«.. tort, a
H*rr.««s --•« * "STlaser= 8X*r_- 1
«j.Pasl- --'-.. I JCee:* »Sa ?«*!aJ» ...!X«r. I
FtrtiasS 4 Xco* via Swnl*. . ~.\ . . . tXrr. 1
G. TT. laisr--! Porti*iu3 & A5tscta...~.->Nar. 1
.t..H=s«<U.--..iHssoe3fa —..--.. ...ISSe. Z
Vcrr*'*** S PKrt 5o=s«2 Port*.: rx«r. 3
5vr» Iv*~- •- X»»- Tcri tti Fiari.,X«r. -»
Leadbeater est£=*d ti* cearfng ¦ cf
"theascjty" aad g*Te a le^tthy dls
oscrse ca that fciterestiay ss^Jeet. H«
dwelt en Use crisis of t&sosophical stcd
ies a=d cave ih* histcry ct the subject
fross arxiect e2ses cp to tbe present date.
C. W. L*adt«ater. the wt3 ksews re
!:r".-;-* Ketsrtr. d*lrrered ea fsterectiss
lectcre last n:xit at the Gc£5ea Gftte HaSL
H^ saitlect was Tfeecsepigr." Tfce
was cro-»T2ed wttii a tars* asd latsrested
Treats On the Subject cf
phy^ Before & X-arge atcd Ea
thTiv"- = -'? Acdieoct.
C. W. I_EJLD3EATZ2 GIVIS
* .mjLr.rthlaJLlAG LECTTTRB
Only Tto to ArriTe.
Xiw saissac ¦ sii^ are aas iZ in freni tJ»
asrsas. ixa&Zsg tis AsMrtraa T>Es«is V*. H.
5t*ry asi Btct eZ Fnsse. BesS -Ji »** **•*?*¦ a«
£5* asJ ««f <iiiy exr<s«ta«J to pert !a *= m«K
t-»~- WUi tfcetr ajTiTraJ »3 tie si^< <^ Sis
Th* Oxerdcs List.
The rei3S3ri3i« Cat nra'-T t=as*ia=s*3 frsa
ywMriay"* «FKt*acs3.
Tis CEtrta. «*nis at IS rer cesA. th» St.
St=^3> as *» P*^ «ai. U» Ctarjstt-ss *t I* per
er=S t i/i tit 5\T « iir* at ii per ees£. .
3£ftiiocsa Will Sail To-Dar.
- T_« i OcsasSs -.Saeasssh^, O=ra=r*»" ttsasser
2/ir: t.rsi w£3 aa2 ta-*»y *s 11 *. ns. Zlzvzz fcr
T*i«S. £*« carries a&ce: 5to teas ei niseeSli
scccs carr;-
• Ti* »«s2ar_3i.£ff «as^«ttr cf .'irx. tS* fsx
terrier brtccc^S t!3 S^sgyJtstaa&WLt Ei^xisrss.
via sicTrE< 5it3rixjr t? its ctrr*r_ «JOtye Irsa
tS«^ «-»«¦' ¦«» Birr*oc=.ii, j=st as s&s . «rxs «.*.T
£cs isn iirocfi tis QrMra Gjlis ca bir way
-i:lc t*s *5»=:s"aI3 fc» e» <s«a tie Pa'TiSr
llii: 3oci far ti; tw» jpm^s aad <£tSr
1 -.-_j." - tie EZZtStZS. tZ~3JSXT& »*•¦%? >r«; jji; la t«9
isJicr^sSit ti* -jritr;- Ke £3 *sr« ts bt-'cc fcxaS
; '¦rfcffoentr a t-«»s«J i» a^^ri la *a3 i- i e«t*t
; : w»v* 1 tsxc cf .:T«:crj;c r-it ;:.::
t» ber 4»ss»fCErr- K* «»is ca totri ti» Bxr
>zm&xsik. si: -: i-ij ' '"r'l'C i s •«>.; cat-*]
•:•_!-. :rr-_. £cei^i.:t 2* — s. i- a — : 3
rtfaj^irg- tie fc»3!=r ci s*^:r-« aal sS* 2tk tSStx
1 fce teaew ti« Ezaa w*r* ««: eff 1-: ti*
; *ti*r=«r to «rt 6a tii tar- He daaiMti ¦tsties'
, aa-1 tiidee. tcz I_sl» *ii<-lica »^* j«5a to
Si* astts. T5i« 5*i*s*=«nrY *«r« tear j*c&qt
setttel t= iiJtST .•".xigi* ail ta.* cf3e«rs •»ec« £a
: teat Socitss airw tie lisa's aSairs. By t2e
: s-_=« tjae siiE* wa* c*snz* shrvsfa tiae OeMiM
Gale ti* d:-? ¦¦ris t**rlr fr»2i*r. - ffrp.*.*-^y
; te 4Ue«T«trj PGcc tos Ks£=3, wia -was 6e
i 9crsl=s tctss US* tn£cc. ss«S rr«as-tii««2 iiaa
frscr *««££»¦ Stse se tis ¦i:*ri_ Jaclc t=se%2at*.
paae ¦zz^rrrzi.Tii thai fes •»*z.le«i sj> 4.«i_:r^.
Ti* 6^- w*» txfcs csi«r ti>» part's jtrcu «sa»
*j.'i-:-r ea Si? pOsS-icai *»a w*a -cirr.^i to
tie S£<rcS*s»* gxfftagga. »te» fc* wrair^wt
Tssdi yastfrJay saMnsisip. w&ea te to t»e=r=sd
ts - . i maw*.
Zscapes Prcin Barxzcccta.
Th* Esersoriai is 02 QkC westerm waii cf
the entra=c- hail ar>2 ts div&dcd QTCB3 the
r=e=scr_a; to Mrs- Crcc&cr ty t&e creat
deers liAiins t*> tb« receptiac-rccra.
Aftsr th« ctresK?=y the zae^arUl ser
vJce la the bcactifsl chxpel cf the i=stl
wrdfrs was jxecesfed with, the address
fc«i=s delivered fcy tlie R«t. Cx. E. R.
D_Ir. in whiih h« s^oke Cf the' tnsyeiish
ccss cf life telrs the grfaieat cssc.3s:es:t
to E=aa. Tbe Old Pence's Eo=«, ise said.
wczixi 6e to years to ccsie c=e csf the
exst brdLiSt gsr=s. is the city's crowc
A f eeli=^ trli^te was pai* fcr the speaJt*r
to the s»tSe deed of the fscraifers whea
they gave « V -»T zesEarkahie hc=se to the
aysd.
Tte falkjwlr^ was the prggras > aig'.'of
x r*. * y**%*~^ - - ' * *^» _£s -
Ejr=. UT. "EfT yLrr= a Fcc=£a;fc=."* rfsctr
as* eeesr»s»ti:a: jrsr«^ Krr. Zita Ssepisss;
"Hcij- ¦CSty'*.k. teisji sal* tal eicraa. A. "WEcse
t-4 cii^r; msi^t^re lasses. T«'.rt <3:T-S.
E»t. Ocrt* C Atn=ss» D.t?.; ss&il T5« I>tt4
Ij My Si»?iseri.~ "^EKaLa T; T«=s«; ad-iresE.
Her. E. R. ESSft. rxD.; tjrs H "Oo4 Be
¦Witi Tck." e4ctr a=d enrr^gafra: t«3*ii:«r
tSss. E«t. S- BL "WiSrr. IXXH.; crsirfet. T. K.
-la ts-ensry ct iletha iL Nelson, fo^iad
er cf the Old People's Hc=se. fccorporatM
May 2. 1ST*: reln^rpcnted ilay *. IS^.**
iL^a v~v«h«CT drew tbe ccrdi acd the
si=^e fcci hacsdicsss tr.nrfcle zs«s»rtal
was then c^veHed. The tihlet fe«ars the
A Isrzi asseriblisa ccrsresated a* tie
Ca P«c^;s Hcste. PSzi a:ai Pi««
streets, yesteriay f-T;er=:«x;a to pirticfjate
ia both th* csreiilss of the ciesacr5J-l
tatiet to i£r». iCeti^t Neisaa ard the yzzzz
n:e=torial s«rrf» for ilr. ard Mrs. Chirl^s
Crc«ker »--i Sirs. Jl ; ".I^-i Nelson The soi
etrn cc;x=o=l£s were evened wili th*
<r ?T* w g e* She Jijiaa **L«ead. Kiriily I_Lg:hf *
tT th* Grace l£ethcdist Ejisoipal Cht^vih.
chcir. izz-it: the <l^-ectlca ct Rehert K^s
bas.i- A rraycr «ras th€S dciiTcred fcy
the Rev. TViI'^irs Radrr. fo^cwed by i=s
trc<i-2ctsry r«i=arts ty the Rst. Charles
ifcKelTey- Charles F- Hauler ilia ai
ctrjdftd the pfcjtffWTn a=.d eiTite>J little iti*3
JlSuj S.A •C*- > vt-^-^. t». -a^»^. £.*-r-
Etce Bre«5« artf enly gracdiaashter cf
the lite ilrs. , Nelson, to reiasve th* Tea
Croai the ta&let.
atie tie ii»cS*ry» ci ti« carya ta tfirrCT-2"**
becri. " Tl* T?sa«2. iriic* ciif* it* s*=» £r«a
i vd! taiT: :r:-v i.. ¦::::-.. .; - : - 1 szdsesi fa
ti* trtxip^tiiics d See cr* It^es Cxs-iacS'i.
t«"f3es, t» Bicscri*^ Ttii fj— carrier ni
Kslt te 6t* sactii*. t>ej=i cc=sira«t«i at tie
r*r>4» k£ DsxTsrJ « Sees, z: S=eawta=ri. Ea*-
2»cve2 Craft f sr Irca Trade.
Criji vi Hit »3i orrei aa£ a^ st« «as i* taae
li* tirjftit T«srf d tia Itetrf: ot:;<r.::> 5t*c
ti ti» tra c* VrtC-uia XiiSsr * Ca. Ti« i*»
;»: j C: ;eet * trcNf 1= t-eacii. C ft«t *
tachtta ~z-*.=z. jli i b&s & £r&s*2» cf r: f «¦: S
as! a*r cirrrsa? crs»eix t» : :vi.v tjca. T»
HONOR MEMORY
OF GOOD WOMAN
T3 5AII>
SSjtirafr. | fvf-i r«.Tg» ; Sail*.* PSar.
OfioU<«r 28. I 5 *
RiTi: W^iy Erfcr !S;=F« r
S. 2I-i=ica..* Grrr* HirSfr ; 4 ;= PjEt 2
F. Lf^yen.. Lr« Arrtiia Pcrr*. 4 ;=r Pt«r I»
IGrwbcss^l tfe-*r* HirSer I « pes Fto 1»
Esr»fca f^g-TV^f* 12 c ?* * •
J- OiGat... jS#-*irie £ Tisaa. 1* *a Pser I
Jt*r--r<=«---» Tii*a Ut=P5«r 7
; October 27. .
C=r=iaoi>. . . I Lcs A=jstv«s Pens. :> a=Ps»T l~i
It^iisiia. ' Lcs A=s*5e» Pirts. 1 4 rc-P!«r i
N-rait3...zHa*«e:ta ' 3 5=a Pi*r —
October Ssl ,' 5
Cc-s^ K=ictil .1:» F -PVr 9
Sj^s. ' x--^.;r: Way Pts. » ass F>i- 11
«w^- "~ Pi^-ti Scrrai; ?-rtt U is Pl^r '¦>
Octoix-r 23L I
5iK- c? Cai, ?*= r>.«s» * VTajJ » *= PUr II
£Jsr-» Sxir«! n r Jt tTjr Pts-i I 5=. PIT •
October SOL S I ?
»— _ ;HT3r5ci£l • 4 5-s.FVk-W
iilLTi^ -i"33-*4a iCiXsibr 'Rrr 14
"t-i^l C«* BL* P^Or*3<I» a=PVtr 15
Cii^o ""Cmt=S> RT*-«t : * cr= Pl*r -
October 31- ? ' i • *_*
PtA^a"."." P^^- A«=* > * P= ?ter "
Cc^tSt :'CT;-a *r i*?«a S 1 Paw ?'
A^^j^ ;.^ N-. T. »*a P»T-». U «^^f£ *>
>T-Kcr*----JK=i*^ - —--••» S=P»m- -
| November I- I J^^
« ' 5*=. rt*— > A- 'S'aj. » arvPiir 11
X»»eoifc*r S. f I
C-rr Pc-«iE»- F'rs^ Sccrad Pert*. 11 «=* PScr 3
C*exessHti..l Seati> & t»«s=a. I* a= Pier -
FBQH SSATTl^-
a.^. ; Fcr ;^iu"
x>3jrt:= i Storrar a- Wit g3--«- o«. t»
V:!L4~ j * pw. Oct. *»
&«^r C-ci? lil*t * Vkar P»- 1
cttr 5**m*.- ; aw 'J 5 '".^^ c " r - =
E^-iii i Viiies A 'SraT P^!-3-->^rr. .
OKXSSeC^O 53a*»»y A ty*T Pcrt».:Xrr. S
Clergy and Lay men See
Tablet for Mrs. NeK
son Unveiled.
€jl? asd nighr. with- ths r**=lt that lh* '
toat was disesvtr-d a^d tro^sht fcito)
port. The bc^t wxs etspty asd rssthi^s [
aScct tt gave acy eie^w as t^> wht;h*r ; i: I
h_ui *^er h*3 a^r cce-y-rts cr set. It !
rs BCgacaed to be the teat that wa_s |
Jscr.chsd £rs* aftsc the f"*'» str=e3c,
;¦•-¦. tns carrirf away by a heavy fex f
t<53re zn? cr tie pa«s«rr?r» cr crew 1
eoold baud iier.
ed cf i«r t«eirjc wreeifsl he d*ter=sl3*d eo |
keep a sharp Ioe3cs=t aS the •way d^swrs ,
cez^r in fees* thit he slight cc=i* 5
acrcss s>"Tn-r cl ti.* st^vivcr? isitiic c^ (
the Inroad wat-rs c? tha Pa«£5c. Wttb t v - r; ; ;
idea Ea view a s?*c**l watra was kspt '
peckrf u> a bait b*^=tg!r£ to the
KO-fitted st?i=«r Srrth Pcrtiasi Cap>
ttis Kill had fenaeriy b*«a in cosirjisd
©f t2se So^iis pCTTlarsd ar>S wbea !sa !*arr>.-
THE $1*2=3 ccHler Ei!A arrived i
fre= BcitQg yesterisy. Captala f
Casriss Haa rerorts liat tea |
Ste=r X'jshoSa. X^*w?ol. T»»aa-
Sssar Seal* R't*. Alesaa&r. £a= K^i a»J
1 Slrsr A«is^. La,=>ar£^t. EXreia.
St=c- XT H Knarer. AJ£is. E^r«Sa
~ " ¦¦¦¦¦* - —-¦»,-. i*ii| | jjj. i "Ftt j * V^
Fr fiiD Bi»rriii. G«=5I]s."*<*=«<=-«^a-
Sfir VTa F G«jss. l^nvs. Psr>:.* r ~
5POKEX.
P*r srts- 'ST E 3I*r*sce — Ort ?i U'. M S.
telSW. Osr *ti? Ai*!*J.>. £T3sa 5*iZ* 1^:
»:'i <:: Ecs»-a.
TELE»33AFEIC
PO1ST* IXrBOS. Oct SS. I» » n— W*a^«-
POINT EET2S — Psttatd Oct 2&. 5:» a. B —
5rtr WSac £=^ Wte*. fcces shiii** E:-r*r.
f:r S«3 Frar^isws-
PORT LCELOTV— Arrrrei Cc: S — 5<ir Ba6
»?»-. fr*jcat Tacc-=ix.
TATCO^^B — F*i-»5 «rc; O<cS 3 — Er s*4r Car
ci-sa Z-fe^TOra. fcr Ltr<?r3>c<i:: 5r sil? Stie-!
»i*9 Ga=tc«ri Ee«i. few Jir Cas*
TVwn; »r aite. tt^restw Cast*, fnci Fraj*r
Rfr»r. f*r LSr-«r*c3t; C S stssr Cacssofere
jyrrr. I*r S*= Frtsrfsca.
TT*s^tar=a. tr«a Ajiar**; schr wr-.V^e, J»«cc*.
O:s LA C?r Psrt G*=ii->T Br «5Si» Tcrtarsiir-.
Ssvs. H^acecfc. fr» Pert Trwrstsil; «=r C==«
g*-'* ;*:_•¦» Ott 23L for VirtsTt* aad ?a«»t
Sc3C=-i =<rt«: scir 5;ciz=s». iseace Oct IT. Oat
Pert CU=W*. •
7AO0J1A —^Arrfr*i Ozt 23 — &=r tyra. firs^
5*2** Od 3 — Br Jiar I>rsc»lii=. f«r Lir
erjee:; Br *£S3 I-f4r««-r C«St>. ter Go*k»*
" AirOEIA— 5«ii«<i Orr — Sc=r CcS=iia.
f^r tsta FSostftseai. i.
HAKDT CRrTK— SaSlaJ Oct 2i— st=T
Vt^JifjM fsac- i=*a Peirx
POST TO"arX£ryT»— ArriTied Ort rS — Stir
Ki?«=5iC2. rr=:=s £*s P*^o.
POST HARiXsar>— S»2«* CNrt t.. < i sa —
5t=a- 5ar«L Cr=i fcr S*a Fr»3Mc»; 2 a St.
s^=sa- Pj-?--? 1^ f«- Saa Fraaeisea: " a c ss=r
C=c* Ext. f«r Sta P*4r». ¦ • '__ -
CASPAR — Arzirrri Ocs t3— 5T=s=- s-^ia
Cmm^ &««• Cct It
CXX5? BAT — JLrrtred OcS Tj — St=r Arrilx.
FORT EKAGG- Arrtr*i Ort S— ?=r M
•_^i; Cty. fc«ce O^ **- _ _. _. . _
SEX7TL52 — Sxi-ed Ort 15 — ED3T i^ rifSi. »-
«as rs»i^ii ;^: atssr -Trfsaccs. fcr J*3«s assa
ISI*iXI> POKT,
KGXOLCXi:— ArrjT** O:s S— J*5 atsr
A=skSc« Sttrc frsca EssrJs^x
*«r«l «Jct =>— Ftea Kiaatas. H» P«« Ln*
&j»; t*rk KaseUsL fse S*s Frmaciscc: C a
STEAMEK5
\£W TOHS:— Arrrre^ OK 2*— 5tss- Asatoc.
fr*^ Lt««T«^J »=«2 ©Hflataws; »t=r Caa-
FOCKTES^C HASTED CRAFT. AN ODD EXAMPLE OF TKK DEVELO?3fSXT OF GIGANTIC FREIGHTERS. WHICH
WAS BUILT BT A DUTCS SHIPPIXG FIRM FOR SERVICS IN TEE IRON ORE TRADE AND WHICH WTLL FLY
EETTTKEN THE PORTS OF OXEI-QgUNP AM) ROTTERDAiL
A y^»-r ccsrsid?rz.i!7 crcer the fc£a
e=ce cf liquor, who sal«i tis nar=» was
G. H. Kerrield ar>i ti» residence tie
Palace Hatel. was rt:m*«J over zs Poliff*
t—.a-i e. 1L Otks by s cirises at N>w
3ie=t«tr=€Ty a^d itlssia-i streets early
yesterday corri^. Owens took »'^
to tte Paiice Hztth \mi tie rferk said
fe* <_kl ca£ Ii*-« there. Wber. tis*y
reacb-ed tie street. Kerrield attacked ti.e
¦c^c*r \iri-i*5.sljr asJ •*:* latter vzs
f jrced to c*< his clab to ssbdue ti»
pris>^r.er. Kerrield was booked at the
City Prises on charges cf battery and
druripr^e**.
Attacis a Poli=«=A=.
vest to a uartntr si<?p ibrKit S o'cloci
yesterday c^rs-irg: lo b? s»^et«L K? re
t^ni*d to tis h;i=* ard slept for a!»-t
two tocr*. He ties went ta th* lati
ro«-?=E asd fired ti* c - ;>: tz.ta !ii» braia-
T£*t* »ra« 2Ct!iii^ la tis. r—* *"***¦ to ra
di<a.te tiat te costecsj l*t*d t-iiiz? fels
own lire, , : :-.- ke had bera crder
I>r. Pemslfs care far the ixst <;^t.z
cr nt^e :=-*-tii* a~d ns feelisg despojzid
»=.t or»r SlI» eostisu**! ills***. Iz tu
tr.c--=jriit t*».t be iras s^Tertri$ frees scft
erlr^ cf tise braia.
Xy=ar ssli tiat h- and his father
tad sad* ill arrir:gtri*its t3 stirt a
caady store cs Turk street tii« «r**£
*r.<3 he cs*d to talk cfceerf-sUx over ii.-«Ir
, - - — *.
V«is*r»troa w»*jii*coT-ere<2 ts the betli
:>n clstciisj- a rerclirer fcr his rt«ht
bird. Bkxsd wzs o^inr frcta the
wc-ind 1= ti» ts=?S*- He was still
breatfcisfr a.rd tie N;rtii Er.d Six^ea
ns aotiS-*i C-y^f^rari drove
to vhe place -c-ti^ sh* piirsl -B~2.strs i=.d
lurried to th* C«=tra: E=<rr^ejiry Hc#~
prtii. bet !!**hi«i&T= 5>»5er»tbe wasoa
ra.ch*i ti*re a=i tie twiy »a later
rerror^ to the Mirgrs* I>y Deysty Cor
c&ft Bnrs.
Vesser»irc2 «aa » retire of Sweden. *S
y«*r» of i-> TT»rr:*^ii and wis a. ca.s^y
icAitar- His sea 2C;r=ir said fcis f3.si.er
X«tl Ve2«ratr«i la a. fit of drapord
tzcr cz-=se«5 by yicksess ce=s2ti«*S »^I
clii* is tie ta.tiro*=» *t tis resilesc*.
!$:> Pclk *cr**t. »i«nly "c*fare z-ogzl
rigtz terrple. Tie rtpen cf tie ahst
¦w-u h«Lrd ty Mrs- Swecsia. a rDC=s*r ia
ti# Iroci**. tr>d sh« gave tie glaro.
Despondency Over Continued
Sickness Supposed to
Be Causa.
Neal VenerstroD, Candy
maker, Ends Life in
Bathroom.
Dutch Shipping Firm Constructs Odd Fourteen Masted Craft That Is to
Be Employed in the Iron Ore Trade Between Ports of Oxelosund and
Rotterdam — Mariposa Will Sail To-Day for Tahiti With Large Cargo
STEAMSHIP EDITH PICKS UP SMALL
BOAT OF WRECKED SOUTH PORTLAND
FIRES A BULLET
INTO HIS BRAIN
THE SA2s FBAK CISCO CAiL. MONDAT. OCTOBER. 26, 1903.
7
Moresieats cf Steam era.
A\blFORNlAl
Mason and Mason ;
la Tieir Gr!*l Faxrf^al Saeggsa.
RDDOLPfl AND iDOLPB.
X«xt 5s=--HAVr?J.r5 5£EC5TE23_5.
» xrtti r.n.r.T vax. tt» "*a»-i___| <
I^JI SASsix or soBBoir. 1 j^™
IHE.ATKU1J
1 "^ i
_ — , — , . — ¦ — ¦ i
THE PARADERS :
Tbe SlsaSsI Ccsaedbl T^at Cram£*A e» Exk
S-i.ts Xew ca 5x2* far tbe Gn«2 S=nJ I Bsr-
RUBES AIVD ROSES
Ti* T-'.t ai OScars'a l__st «»-»¦»»
Of-=1t5 XHil X»xt M33E±ar. XcT«=S«r 3 —
Fine Ar?«*ra=ff" stf tie P-^cixr Scrila-etie, !
UIE9 GEORGIA GTBX3CST.
A=i2 tis W*3-fa«T»a CfcA*dia=.
* 1ER- BEX T.' OCXJjQX.
O=r ~AH-5i*r~ Ou3. tartT=gf.-iy Kaa — >?
ZXSL Bararr BesarJ aad TClsAeSd E jl£-.
Itaci? .v=i«r »"-* ESeKsc? Jcsd^sa, Barry
. . - — !
B mm t&JMJ I titw
i Tt- X«t BeeeaTTCr^s fSesiw FbsaeeS tsz
TM» Wtelsr Wgl B? Cftre ea
SATCXUATT'OCTOEEK S^i *
j: J r. =.. i •> Csaal P^ase.
fTEDTXAT H til.
KB. PJ3OVAL K. VAX TOHX w*3 fre-
rxle ax t&« ;-.i=-> vl^ t&e aM cf (&e A=sa-
MrTliepbert Williams,
TENOR,
' W^ be Oc aots-tt ef tb« aeeasisa. Cs=spC>
! 11 mi nnr Ockz^s szar be S-uS a: tie en msr
1 r*~-» beiare ti* rorttai
53TEifAX. d-ST & CO.
E=K«r ssd K*a— y Ri. S. T.
I .
poiorp DOfTT FAIL TO
Slff/1 rocta. the EMPIRE
U ?r U PARLOR, tie
f. j PALM ROOM, the
unind i^ms xv pas.
II X^U DEES* WSITZNO
notels room.
; ATiTrgg**B k..v -r>L
TO-2£03t20W XXUJiT
r*% ¥ I S: «_*__
LJ> LJ +^2 +~2 eo^ao
~ _ AXI>-
A/OffO/C/l
SEaTS AT «J »¦-«*¦» CX-&T ft CO. S.
sa-ao. as% sxoo ssui $3.00.
CHretal Af — »««r a . c xo.
WXiiXZSIXAT — TPO?" aXATIHKT*.
Ktb. risl azi.Siisz rras^s. Schists.
-yyp. Frie— ."» 50e to fHXX
?AiI"5TLI. VOSBZCA. CO3TCZZT.
: T*£xzs£ay S • — X2c^kr£ Sm« X'-Xit.
ELLERY'S
Royal Italian Band.
OnSS -TklX? SU5OJIT ATT. » t 2 :33-
Fr?. Trices — 5Oc TSe astS. Tl OH.
| Rax Cgc-t V »t=>rm5aj at 53er=a=L C^aj A Ca. *»
\'P\V ACT3I FACia:
nO?T SZ33A7XOS3:
He'Valtsrs azui Tyscn: Gclrr-.an'i
Dogs 2-d Cats; Three Sichards;
{*— a ¦_-*——* nd '••-,--1-—. TTr-c-t
and Frank; TTatsrlniry Brsthsrs
Jdd Ttzvzsj; Whistling Tcra
Brcsrse; Serbert Ucyd. a%si<?ifd
by T.IH>-i Lilyaa. and Hew Xstica
Pictares.
1 R***rT»2 Scars Sr'Salteej * V
' P^ 1 5ea-a as£ C-^ra Cixir» ate
SECOND AXD LAST WEEK.
jJTisiUy. larts-T-j 5^=i*j. ITi*J3»» SaMriiy.
Robert Edeson
soldTerT oFfobtune
N«X£ iT : - :x. — Ti* IZ -r. : *; T>»»y-*^'
"THE STORKS."
Few Wub— KGYO33 M rt 533.
j SALE OF SEATS OPENS
THURSDAY. October 29. at 9 a. a.
KLAW & ESLAKGZ3*S
"ben mm
_£=e; St Elixir Sa"*Tai K.-E_:y-
:35O — Pertara ia Prodactica — 35O
X4 5«a=» I-aJi Asii* Brfor* C^j«ni=» £a>.
I przces— n « x* n a=a Tie.
, C^srry asd ffstcrtaa l*i_; Crl»r» wl^ r*.
GRANpSoLll
Xat23«es T^ars£A7 a=d Satzr£sr>
SeexrracS. V;i gVrttin cf X«=_r&S*r.
PTO-NfGHT...ZZ£*
t» Ttzszua il -!. :x: Fare* C^^tty.
, SPOTLESS .
JjtslH* 3CfiucK9. Lrtla FJsaw asS a Ci>u
: Carry -.y «J C5a=««lia=a. --
E**=tirsl G*ri CSc«-=a.
BOTTITC X!»ir» ISe. =5e. S>v no
i riiVL3 jii-.;;— < 13c: Se. Saa
S I V UL! house.
|~XCrrr— ?*rf:r=a=CT* be^ta »i S atarp. Sa»>
=riaj it»tt=*e at S «iar^
TO-XZQRT
W«5tar*lay. Friiar *=iJ S*rs-S»y J^^isa.
VeriTs EUtcEictl Cscra.
M U.\ BALLO MASCHERA-
<-THS 5£ASXS2> BLAil*->
Taajlay. Tt=rsi*T a»S giaiay 2>rrJ=ra.
£ar=ri*y V»r— ne.
Gj.-riirc'* Yac^ew.
"ANDRE JCHBMER."
PHTC2S *^ » -* • T — TTi*_ T->*_ Tfg^
I TtUzixx» Bsafe g.
_J__i| a S la csl *
d 3 <• V " ™ a
Karks? £r. 3Cta» grt.-*. Pt re» SeO SIX
TO-S \<iii Z — * T^- !H 1 —»¦*«-"
MATTJTESS SATTEDATA.'O SX^OAT.
jUNCLrfoff? CABIN
i»— peofz_s nr rss CAyr— 1»
csosrs o? 24 ooijOesd rscrzs.
Ecs^-e-s Kc^^ol Crari 5^=i- CTucra,
r_ a. stccsttzzz. t> la* liui ig-KV*
DOlfTv STT-fTF» — - Me ta 3O«
nUlti iU—~r ISC 13c. 2S«
TT~«k tr Xsr. S — TAI-LET TO232."*
ALCAZARI^S"
_____ GsseraS Sli-ir^r.
¦ 1JUL BSST STOCX CC3E? A3TT XTSX
AX xn r» a i^n«»« » ' ¦ ••••¦
TO-KIGHT— TES'-WXEX (CC.T.
UNDER !,___
THE S3—*"
R5D ROBE *° m ~~-
Er_^..3e ta T2e; lf«f . Sa2. A Esa^ ZSe t» 33c.
y;i: atOJCDAT— !__» ~t al ef _• «y~r«
CsseSr 5«ksbs vtt^ GZZeOfm T-ra_**~y H.J.
"TOO MUCH JOHXSOK,"
XXI> A GREAT SHOW EVEitT APTEK^OOM
AS3> EVENING ES THS TE£ATia.
xx>s*r rAnT-TO sss
THE COLORED BABY
ta tie XST AXT IXCCSLATOR.
T-»*g» fT m J' m T Bitoat — t t_» Xaet *
lots or rt > wtmc p&ypr axcao:
AJSATETH XIC3T THTBSttAT.
\AD3H551OS. iiBe; CHTU>aEN. le.
¦WSw Pfcsaitsx lit few *T^» Cfc«Ta_—
_^f^X, C E~ATf. 57H3iS &C0. y*^^
g '^PATENTSf7j>
AaRMT ST. ZI. [ SS^
K* ¦ — -*¦ I - - - » * r -
lUUi lllU LdoU
Peritps res ci=» frtn tia Eart
sri «re zrr ?* — *-% v> p back. If
j33 cx=:« crer ccr list yoc fcacr» bew
C^wd tie iKibt is, tie essfcrs aad
csr»«__eaee cf esx tisrriss ii *-z ir^
«r». csi fcrr ccr tpecal eead«=cr
1^ ¦-¦-.:: ia t-iV-^ tv_ _rij easy tad
it* «r»r^zr.
NOT GO BACK
VVTTH US?
I aa here =3 *rs=s» »3 tbe cetaf^
f^ T=3. We fca^Te tccrisr psrtca
vii± litre fcr Cfcka?*, S^ Lcsa
ssd Bokc2 erery week iy w»y cf
Sai Lai* Grj. tLrjLAa £»»»
Bfetaia fcj daj£g*i aad t» D*=nr.
if JC3 wiii. « c=» cf tie nr_rsxrs
bis ieo so srrs^ei
"ZtsSj £rcp r» a Ere, «y=s j^rt
Ii» ta da. s=d I win s*« tiat yea are
ti;r-=£irT posted. Tier, if jvz wssi.
! vZ ressrrt s «3eep=s btr* f sr tcbi
zzd fae tiit ts- art c_=f^t3^y
rsrtei cr ttzt jszrssj.
V. 2. SAXSCES. ecKi ij*. H"-t> tJs*a,
£31 Oafist Sa-Mf. Sas Fraaeiscs.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
lr»:ti ltat' ->¦•« »r« *«e »• »m»e »i
*a> ravA>ci*cu.
Li.fi — fjaiOcMnt-aa. — *>*r^a
am* — 7&
7X8* TaeaTCA. W^sen. Essjct.. 7 ££•
7 J3. lfxraa«z. S*s FTftrm. TaOgft,
3>K«a. Cxl'lnacv ir*sx» E««- t-15^
7JJ3* B3Sam. L.»ra»t. Tragy. t-s*-^»v __
*i»c*—e« .. . . 7 r3"
Karyt-IT*. Orrtr^« 7-5S?
t S3 » a •. 1 1 ; • : : — -*•- -:-r : • s 1 a . iu: tS-21 ¦
I I.T . . -. - i. .-: 1 - ; - 1- J. t •.. 'ti. 2 '
r:a.Tr»c»^i3cJCi<aB.*a<ra=esaw
Arr> . xv_ Uf-c<er». Exarsr*.
f 23^ ran c»«cx. V-ni^es. Tr»cy. l_i:V ~
ree. Slj<T»T3k. H» -jea\. Frrca.
Ooit»^ .'ti—-r«. Lraacr"!. Eaa-
?3rt_ Vta-ra. PaXeniei* 4^*
J 3C :_».<* Ii?r*» — ?arta. WC^ax*
rrrr ~*jt.«tt SjtTssjV WZirwx
-rri-«rt:*: Kii nreata* 7-5S»
t-SS^ TT«a. tea jW l^rrsit Suct-
¦-¦r_;:;-.«»r-ir-5: i^n«c<— rtlis.
V»«yTr*~"» C^t '¦¦*•». 2e4 E^iT. *-2E'
t J2* O-ti*.*. Ctt2-«<. J*ate«ir»-a. $?¦
itfrt. Tsfriaar-r • ts£ Xsffjt 4-25?
S CC* l£arKj<«s aa4 waj SiasK** S Sir
\ZZU Va^«i» 112S*
?££3- E". ?a*» rutracrr. E*»t=GTiS.—
»«n Ccaaa. ltarrs«i. Xyrea.
Tracr. L»tSj»g>. ~ ;::«:« s.
'..---_ .1 - - -- : •'-*¦»:. Has-
Axj«fe! «s>i C Paso. f"W*«.
¦sriSil l-ttu i'.i C »»; Lfari... #133?
t iS&M TV Orrr^** UxiilM — C«i«- _ _,
Z»»ST«r. <>cii*. Ci5ca*->. f "?
":rr» 2o.r»».-- > - yr •* »*i w»y *sassa**. IJSr
-'. CS^ i»c-ii-:K rw «ats«ti_ Ml -S3*
JIt.-T'Ttns. Crs-»1.< asd vay
K»cwa» t 2lf 4
»^r Earw^r^.S^saaaiTT^Ssadeea.. 753?
3 £3r ran Ceau. M&r^scs. Byria.
Tt*ct. I«iirs9. St<«i:a.
Jimei. l.-r«3« aaA Way £i_-
Ca»* knet r«« C««a 122S?
S5^ lf«r£=es.Ir»<7. £iaecsoa-l*a... ;5^S»
*LGr K»rC»«s.5«JLii«JCJe«.V«^«l.*J5a^.
.•»«. LMrrs^r* , Ml.SS*
- CS» Ti« Crwl ' n,"*-* — »»-=*»- L-w
J*aj X-ic<-;x Fre»2a. Ttlare.
t»ier»'«: t. L^« S
tO^ r**r» ccsa. ?-uc*. 6ts»ctvea IJJ^y
*5 Or HfT»»ri. >.* r» »ii Hi •««« ..._ 7^2Sa
5 CC? eafvarCJktJMasst saa «ca& IC£3a
Or-.eai*. 51*:.— C*i<3- I>«a»«r.
1.-4^ ?cs^ Omiia. &^ii»rtA. *
Ecckltz. Alic-i Ct.r-X.
Tnaciet. " 1 Eds, w_i»-
««ctX TtiicBiect. 2a^.«
5X23=.-^=. ELt* «5S»
CO v_z«>«w tt^y. «ti«5*£sai4»y..- *, jrj.
• C~r V_.*je;-v Mzst»T et^r » •-** r
. A :> r»j. rat** Psn CcKa. XffCaa
ax<t W»y g*«-*riit« II^Sa
. C£» Cj g*. ji * Cal:?srs:» F^^h»j — f«e-
nsna, VirrmTt;^. EeiSi*,
parC&stl. Pii« Sccii ui£i»L I55»
" 1S> e«»var4. S^»a*S Saa .'^*«i5=a-
«a^gg-T» . Tl-55*
COAST UN£ <«arr»« Uax^t.
Te.^a- &*ci^tr O*ei. Hta
C-..T.:"!''-!.::! Si3*
- TS^ *r»art Ceac^rrCjt. Saa .";«i
' - » .' - i . - r Laa 'iuiT'.-i
Boci£«r Cr»«k. €*si« Gr=z aa>£
FTtscfj*; War S-^^sca 15 S3»
H' i»:.:i' ...„ . "J 55 »
— • it : War ---»:-» £sx£4j
eg^r r^ivrw'rrsa Lc»G»a< t* Si?
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
-.» 5J.5 tEA3CKtt.fMt«' Ktriet SC .-.j'.
--t:3 trC .: i*\« »« 3X0 S-lSrJK-
•-«« tM.ii.Ayi>. foot «f Br.-i.tviy — *«^B 2^t
iss a«i-ji. T2ga 2« 4-C3rjL.
COAST LIME tSr*»4 fcxax**.
f "C» »*a .'s*e K3.& w>y sarii fl S2r
" "« -i:.':«':;:Tit;:jr:n . 5 J»»
Eaeer>. ?ii«r». Cajffm:^*. *•-
Esaa. fcs. iri :. Pm»> £.:¦• •"«
ft-jr^ iTi-vn» ¦^¦ra.zn iwrt
t "ZZtrczZOB. lir ' ¦•~ >•¦• : ,f» 1-
;». r,*^::i :;«c ¦» -«:'» 2»r-
l«r» tr* Lc* A=«-:e». Csas*c-
ob u C*-sr*n-« t* asi £ran
Ksv-n «i* P»rfie Grrre 3 1 C5*
S.CCa fax .*<««. Trw fux, Ca^feaia,
i ii -_» i>iV^ G rsre_£*r_a*a.
-»i L-.t C : u;c iii Pr_fcei9*I
w«r 8_«sS3a» A.1^
TtSSi Co .tw aU Ttf Su^ei *. Z?r
ai- T.tSJCM US*
I Z£> Sis «• :«? in Wcx ;u^:m _ t 3 1*
- ii? P*rIicGrrr»Ex7re»v-4*staC*ra
S*2 Del :£>. >l?ster«y.
I*»«ii; Gr:»« .caas«-u» »i r»r*a
C » .-» '. r- fassa Crsz. B#x^cr
Crr«i «t^ 5 «r-3» G«xr» ?cSM»*
« ttOs-r* la* Hs£^tt*r. Tre»
7 3«l as CmstbtC:* t» **•*¦»" 12-t5»
S-Se» €lr=j Way »a*»«*rr !'.; <j«
• : 4 : .• Ssa . r :»<•. CrU i±z:x QEtOj !¦:•
•--tv-i cat P-i: ;c ¥•» :U
Orfft fgsj<-t tirtir) •*rS*
f Ii5> E**««*r»sl?rSac?T«:w«j*uiiaa_- *t M»
l.-f^ti. .»=: :j. E2 PaaeL Srw
c -•*!«. ;."»-» Tctx *i:»rj4
arrTTt»r_i«i_a.^«>?Tl2Tai«7»^. *52S_
*S -T «* £ai ii 1 Jti. Sertaf rrt.5-.-=£«s. Eaa
Carjf*. fce<»uai. y«ir O^a,
5: --.3 Part ?*: i i:» . rS-M a
K T > Ea^.'aK tzi Wsy *-.t-a»ca C-SC-
• ; rr~* *-'¦"• It <-«-T'—- *"*>-« T^~-
C«a Csrjea. £c£Ts«tf. Jt - C-oi v
V-t.j Park. ea«J r--» A!i* S 45*
«*.'. ICt M-ytt^. Xtwcraat T>r». Scszr-
to ;j»t.... _. a-pr
t «Si?« «i mi cafc-_na o Snii-
¦ x Ccaas l£*e- *' • "* - ¦»-» •' ; ** '—* T »""!T -
jyOi; *r«£sa tur^sf as Vaieseta Ss. trsrisocs*
¦rfr*-^. » ,T-ffP* » f.-»>.J-t:3C-rJt.a*Hi3»y-».
¦CAZADERO,ETC.
¦via SsaTZ^allts T erry.
•- a_ -^^X 1:4^ -2^3*. "S:*^ *-**• v *-
Tral=a r-i-VT-i t"> r=s to a»2 £r«*» =** «=¦"*-
"rf-ECJC JCU. VAXIXT TO S^X r^/
C15<70 — r«"T — S:*5. e^Ok, »^-__ •_*i i^ST"
:!*!*.&- tIi-3. 1,-Mk. IJA. *^*. *=*¦ ***>
'¦*&„ S30Q. 19-12 s- =. "_-,
THSOvGH TKAIXS.
- «: a. n . * -* 6ar»— C»T»-trrj taf wii
ttJJ p. b^. r«k £iy« fSar«riaj« «x=«5«sfi>— j
Ti - -* -* 1;. » 1; »-.*: . .rs.
3U3 p. c. a^rim- Casa&tw a=4 way
•taxjeea.
5=.-tay« e=^r— 19 a, es.. Pci=t E«7«» a=5 way
¦Kta— /
CrriCE— C2« IC&rl-tt at.
fl.r K I — Cavaat Scpec. £eac cf X*rJ-H aC 1
SAILWAY T2AVZI_
¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ . 1
§¦ OAUFOHKIA g|
I UBITEO TO CHICAGO ft
I Lcsr«s Seaways c=d Th=r»day» g_
ti si SsSO a. a-. tHfc_A ta 3 dsys, |8 ;
B w J . th c iisr asd all tra p p ia ; s, j^-
j^ Z£ 1 fe * StacJKoc^Fresa*, Batortr'-t,
4 . -C ;- :=- " "*
* JO p. b. far Stacirse.
trXja. =. £er X>~sat Gsy, Gcaad Casjoaasd
T=c»«t Omn: Ml Marksi 5t_ aad Terry
Dvpcs. &. r. Also 111] Broadway, Oaj*-:
!-r.i.Cx-
CALffOiiXU KOXTHHSTHN IT. Ca
T ,-g7dji;p;_r;
Uh FtAiiCiSC-3 AMD H5HTH PAfiHS
SAS.VAT COKPAjrr.
THt=rca JPerrx. 7ert ci ITartgi Street.
SA5 72AJTCZSCO TO SJLX 2&TiXL.
¦BTXTiC DATS— T J8L i.~ui>. U^» a. =-; 12-23.
]Ji. 5:tai «J» »- ss. Tfcir»iari — 2x=» tr.>
i! US t. a
t*r=riar» — Extra crt? tt I iX aal 11 p^ =s-
Srxr?AT5— *:». 3^R U TO a. at: 1-36. Sx3t
5.«>. CiS. Ii;» p. =t
EAJT rtayayr. to SA2T 7B-UTCZSCO.
' «"*'if I'Ali- *.:.&. 7;H. :ji; *^*. 1Z..IS
5a.t=r±ar» — Estra. trip at 2^5 *z>2 tiJS p. a.
rrxr>ATs— *^x tsoi noa a. s_: i-.t*. a:**. !
1>?»t* I- £T«ct Arrtr*
£&a F -*-Z£ li :.- ¦¦ Se^C IT. 1SC3. j ?*r • Tts. : Ljot. ]
: •«"—» - &rs- * r>*c*at. .' S=- J W"s*« |
I !.«¦:•!- > ci7». > rt». . days. . Cars- |
» :^5t: *^»> a. 1 ; S:Id a' *:«* i
[K»a| Z*=asSa. [£•:«¦ a.19 J* * i
I 3«»S>: »:•»»»¦ jl^fe .. j
j r--»a' I »:l*a-" •:«*'
f »iS>r, ?J»*| P«ir=a. U«j -; r:- »
i i 5^e?J Ear* a; Rsex.. | |
! 7^»a- Sl»:4* a- 19^9 _ I
! T:3»a : S^Caj Eeaiiii^rs- • v*»:«» a t»i> *
I 2 J5 ;; J:»?f G*r»rrt^>. | T-^S S ; €JO 9
t -JSi*.. S:«Ja ; fn-jfti-ri ?I»:«#a 13:»* i
! 3-39 a-' IJ>> a^a£ C^jit. t 7^53 y < tS» 9 )
• " : - =;? «- »^°» I 7^5p«<^»>i
I :i»*' *^?»- fX*:« *il».-2» a |
I a^S#p;3^>?: 'CxtrartCe. ( T:33 ;* C:38y I
t T^i>a-' «^>tj SersTaL, I »-.I?a- > *:*3 a i
TiS>* S^OaJ C«:»tI3^St i
STACKS c:i^ at Ctks Bra* tor Saa 1
• Qt«=tis; ct Sana £csa for tT_i» St:5t=r j
.• Sprt=c»: at Ft-'.fsa fcr Altrsrla *sad Itirk W«sc j
; e;r=Ka; ai Lrtlat fir I_rti3= 55^-^53; »t g«t- I
i an-tC^c t=" fun* eBt^so; az C5=ieri«2« tac
j tS» G«J»«^*- Eoos^rrilLt asd Grwtswccd: »t
i Hoflassi Ux Eteroaa g^t^o. Erf^Ti-.a S^rtsys.
> K«a«rrc:t. Car_!S*i Sjrtic*. Sal* amy. 1a«».
; pen as2 Eartjett 5yrii«s; at Ciiai J=r T*£*y
• fitBtKBk £ar»trc» E?rt=Ts. ESae iMJxa, L»xr«I
1 E«2 Laie. WKitr £?rt=ia. Cet^t Uls. Pcesi* !
; Ptcter VaSey. Ji&= Uri. Kw«m. lAcrif*
I E=ci=-!r«. iH_ka_MB H«i«itj. n-im. Orr»
; »c»r«=a. Hcciti=a. JfeiArtK C^r. Fort Bran, i
i Wtjejcrt. U««: »t WiEiss rar Fcrt Bra«. !
I ¦wr*at^m. £i«r»os<. C*it--=. Orcetia. L«yzsa>.
rCis. Cr= — r-ffc. Be-3's Sjrtscx Harris. <S-
e«='». »r»r. GarS«rTtIU. Ftsserwcod. tcstu
: aj»± E-i--»ta.
S*r=r2ar ?» Sc-irfay rscad-iriy Uck«a «s r*- '
e=f«± rates.
Ob Ses£ay rsead trt? Octets t» a3 pr-*-« t
beyxscrf £*s Fi*iri ai fca^ rases.
Ti-ir: eOsx. €O iUrirt ctrcec. C2rse3d*
H.C.* Wlili INC. " E. X. RTAX.
Ge=. SCasac>r. Ges. Pax*. Art.
[ Mt. Tamalpais Railway
i SaaFraacaca f httf fart*& SaaFrtacfactt j
! West; Swk~| ¦" So •Wsei j
Day*- : ciys f _#^^^P^I_. -iay* ? Dayv. '
fcl}rl*-.M« IJ^lk-aaF »:5O- 5:5O ?
ll:t»O*f *:iO»,t:5#T
. l:43r 5:3O?.
l-»:l*n yBT I T:*Oi»i
*Cg-«et ra op fa * tbra ni TZ«t Pay
¦ P^tC I CLS U.iiir 5r_-.N«rti 5ictt Xi^rcad- <
; tf?ZS j aae Satsaltto FEaar, Fact ifiTtw Sc {BOSTON. Oct. 25. — Th« National Hamlltfi*
Bank, capital 9500.000. and th« Fourth Na
tional Bank, capital $1,000,000. haf» be«n con
solidated.
Brooklyn made a good kick-off, but as
usual the inevitable Swain was under the
ball, and before ha could b« caught was
well in the Brooklyn field.
The ball was fumbled in an attempt to
make a field goal and' was lost to tha
Brooklyns. The Brooklyns tried a place
kick, sent the ball to the center line, and
from there carried for a twenty-yard run
by Sullivan.
At the close of the half the teams wera
lined up in the center of the field, with tha
Union team in possession of the ball.
In the second half Brooklyn kicked off.
but was blocked and the ball covered by
Brooklyn. The ball went to Union on a
fumble, but was regained on downs.
Brooklyn tried .new tactics, and after
the second down, with one yard to gain,
the ball was passed to Swain, who made
the run of the day by rushing down a
zigzag course of seventy yards to the sec
ond touchdown. Swain kicked both goals,
making the score 12-0.
Swain Is tha fullbacK for the Holtts'
team this year, and In a recent game with
Stanford freshmen made a spectacular
run of 105 yards. ¦*
The line-up of yesterday's game was at
follows:
La Union Club. Position. Brooklyn Club.
Antonio Haas R. E. L. Ed Cahtll
A. McGrecor, "| ,
J. S. Whitney.. R. T. L Beck-tt
Frank Rlvas R. G. L Hurley
I. Rlvas '..Center Sam Riga
George Thompson.
Bracamontes L. G. R Sullivan
A. Harper L. T. R.... Jeffries, Kennedy
g. Mata,
"Chic" O'Connor.. L. E. R Leeman
Tom O'Ne'il."...' Quarter. :.. Reagan &Smlih
Collls Dennis L. H. R ZMt»
W C Harper R. H. L... Sullivan. Stewart
Swain (Captain)... Fullback.... Wallflsh (Capt.)
come a racing center under mow favorabl*
circumstances.
Five carloads of owners from Agricultural
Park visited the new Ascot track to-day as
quests of J. "W. Brooks, where free beer and
lunch wer« served. Superintendent Allen says
Ascot will be ready to open for business on th«
date set. December 24. Iva Pttwell leads the
riders here, with Chandler a close second. En
f First race. Silkwood stake*. 2:10 pace. 1300
—Midnight. Jonesa-Basler. Kelly Brtirgs. Mar
garetta, Zolock, Rita II. Oma A.. Martin B.
Second race, six furlon«s. maiden 3-y^ar
olds and up— Bicycle 107. Annie F 107. Hon
duran 107, Iamad 112. Caxador 107. Cannell
107. Inspirator 112, Martin Brady 107.
Third race, seven furlongs, 4-year-olds and
up. sellinr — Achilles 105. Iras 104, Miss Vera
102, Frank Pearce 109. Dwl^htway 109, Teufel
109. Blue Miracle 104, The Toller 107.
Fourth race, five and a half furlong's, selling-.
a jj ggea — Hercules 119. Step Around 114. Dur
bar 96. Nona B. 119. Metlakatla 96. Flea 96.
Fifth race, one mile, selling, 3-year-olds and
up— Miracle II 114, Position 114, Wachusett
114 The Miller 114, Heather Honey 103, Dug
Martin 106.
Sixth race, flv« furlongs, selling. 8-year-olds
and up — Le«aJ Maxim 112. Roltatr* 112. XeU!<*
May 112. Kln« Dellls 115. Mary Nance MX
Florista 112. Andrea 107. KorwaTk II 110.
Seventh race, one and a quarter miles, 4
year olds and up. selllsg — Erne 100, Admetns
102. E2 Oriente 108, Chub 108. Cambaceres US.
In tossing for fields tha Union team lo*t
and was obliged to kick off. Swain sent
the ball sailing down the field to Brook
lyn's five-yard line, where it was caught
by Smith, who made a great run for thir
ty yards. The Brooklyn team tried buck-
Ing the center, but were unable to break
through the line of their opponents. On
the third down, and with five yards to
gain, the ball was fumbled, picked up by
Swain and rushed around right end for a
fifteen-yard run. From that time on tha
Unions held the ball until the first touch
down.
Swain, who played fullback on the
Union team, scored both touchdowns, be
sides making several long runs. Ho dis
tinguished himself on a number of occa
sions.
One of the fastest games of football
seen on the gridiron this year was played
yesterday afternoon at the Presidio Ath
letic grounds by the teams of the La
Union Club and the Brooklyn Club, both
of the Amateur Athletie League of this
city.
The teams were evenly i matched and
showed splendid team work, and though
the Unions scored two , touchdowns
against the Brooklyns, the latter wers
by no means outclassed. i -'• %
Long Runs and Brilliant
Plays Give Snap td
Contest.
La Union Club Team De
feats Brooklyn After
a Hard Game.
PLAY FAST BALL
ON THE GRIDIRON
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 25.— Although they^are
not distributing broadcast any statement of
their assets and liabilities, the syndlcators at
Agricultural Park have collected to date about
$30,000. There Is still another weak to run.
and, as the ringmaster at th« circus an
nounced, retain your seats, for th« best Is yet
There are 'few really blr bettors here, for
Jack Atkins Is the heaviest winner with the
field book. The public has displayed excep
tional sameness In bucking the syndicate
prices, for the books have ranged from 4O to
70 per cent, which only goes to demonstrate
that there is a chance for Los Angeles to be-
Large Collections Are Made at the
Los Angeles Track.
SYNDICATORS GROW BICH.
The organizations participating in the
shooting were Company C, First Infantry
Regiment; Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol
Club, Norddeutscher Shooting Club, San
Francisco Scheutzen Yerein. Germania
Scheutzen Club and Red Men's Scbeutzen
Club.
Following are the scores:
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club monthly
Pistol Club trophies — G. E. Frahm. 87: G.
Armstrong, 85; William F. Blasse. 84; E. C
Cordell, 74; A. Thode,. 63. Pistol re-entry
match— G. E. Frahm. 85, 94, 02; G. Arm
strong. 89. 88, 88: R. Cap. 92. 86, 86; W. F.
Blasse. 87; A. Thode. 67, Revolver Club
trophies — J. Kullmann. 88; William R. Proll.
81; R. Cap, 80; F. Kruckel, 76: B. Jonas, 71.
Revolver re-entry match — J. Kullmann, 88. 87.
86 83, 83; ¦William P. Proll. 87. 84; F. Kruck
el, 70 76, 7a Rapid flre m«ch (six shots in
thirty seconds)— William Proll. 61, 51. 49. 48.
47. 46. 46; G. E. Frahm, 47, 41, 39; J. Kull
man, 23. Rifle scores, Club trophy— F. E.
Mason. 224; Al Gehret. 222: M. F. Blasse. 215;
Otto A. Bremer. 215: W. F. Blasse, 212;
George Tammeyer, 203; G. Armstrong, 194; M.
Kolander. 193. R*-entry match, expert class —
Al Gehret. 226, 225. 221. 217; C. M. Hender
son, 223. 218. 210. Second class — O. Arm
strong. 218. 209. 209. 205. Medals— O. A.
Bremer 227. 212; G. Armstrong. 218, 200, 209.
20ft, 205, 203. Medal bars— M. F. Blaase, 216.
200; M. Kolander. 214, 204, 200. 205, 206, 206,
203: George Tanuneyer, 210.
Norddeutscber Schuetzen Club, monthly
medal competition — First champion class, not
mied: champion class. Herman Huber, 454;
first class. J. Peters, 396; second class, J. Lan
kenau, 376; third class, Charles Oldag. 345;
fourth class, M. Diekert, 307. Best first shot,
H Huber, 25; best last shot. R. Stettin. 24.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye
shoot— A. Gehret 148; F. E. Mason 168. M. F.
Blasse 243, H. P. Nelson 352. Max Kolander
577, K. Ahrens 617. H. Huber 7"*. Otto Bremer
788 II. Zecher 823. Competition shoot — Al
Gehret 230. H. Huber 223. M. F.. Blasse 222.
li. Bendel 211, N. Ahrens 205, Max Kolander
200.
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln, monthly
bullseye shoot — August H. Pape 99. H. Zecher
279. Herman Huber 425. R. Stettin 440. J. de
Wit 562. H StelUn* 572. Louis Bendel 689. J.
Peters 7 39. Captain J. Thode 763. Otto Lefcke
789 J. Lankenau 800, A. Westphal 807,
David Salfleld 856. F. Koch 941. C. Oldag «99,
Fred Brandt 1000, J. C. Waller 1019, D.
Dunker 1025, Aug Jungblut 1044. A. Lemaire
Red Men's Shooting Club, monthly medal
shoot— Champion class, Charles OJdag, 39T.;
first class, H. Schult. 351; second class, C.
Btelner. 308; third class. H. Schulz. 350: fourth
class. H. Corsen, 344. Best 1 first shot, W.
Kieutzkamm. 22: best last shot, H. Schultz. 22.
Bullseye shooting— Henry Schuls 18, T. Steiner
627. W. Dressier 623, Charles Oldag 846, P. H.
Rulfts 1170. 1 -'„•_,
Company C. First 1 Infantry Rerlment.
monthly medal shoot: 1 Lieutenant William
Corcoran 45. Corporal L. Llngge 41. Corporal
G Paul 18. George H. Seyden 47. C. Doheman
81 H. W. Dow 23. G. F. Brown 16. W.
Felchert 21. C. J. Carroll 3S.
ShtU Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, dinner
shoot— W. Guild 417, O. Glueck 405, H. Wob
ber 384, P. Paulson 391.
Among the military marksmen, George
H. Seyden was foremost, with' 47 points
to his credit. He stands the best chance
to win the Slebe medal, as he has already
captured it twle* in succession.
"Otto Bremer was top man in the re
entry rifle match of the Golden Gate Club,
with 227 rings . to his credit. He was
closely followed by Al Gehret, who made
226 and 223. Both these marksmen are
shooting close together, and, - it will not
be- until the last score of the year is
fired that supremacy can be determined.
G. Bw Frahm's two scores of 95 and 94 In
the pistol match were the highest of the
day. ;
The riflemen were well represented yes
terday at Shell Mound Park Range. Her
man Huber of the Norddeutscher Schuet
zen Club was far ahead of all the marks
men who participated. His good score of
454 rings in his medal string is a record
seldom made, and will stand high In tbs
club shooting for some time to come.
Bremer and Gehret Are Close
in Golden Gate Club
Makes Remarkable Rec
ord on the Shell
Mound Range.
MARKSMAN HUBER
IN GREAT FORM
Third race — Woodson, Merrie
George, -Tom Mankins.
Fourth, race — ' Mocorito, Annie
Max, Lady Idris.
Fifth race— Athelroyj Lady Strath
more, Glennevis.
Sixth race— Lasso, Pierce J, Cogs
well
The three clubs held their closing jinks
on Saturday night • at '*¦ their respective
homes at Sausalito Tiburon and Oak
land estuary. An animated scene was
presented at the various anchorages yes
terday morning, when the trim yachts
were bedecked with all their prize flags
and other colors.
The San Francisco fleet was led by
Commodore R. S. Brldgman ¦ In ! the sloop
Thetis. The yachts sailed into' the chan
nel out .toward the Golden .Gate and
thence back to and around; Angel -Island.
Early In the ; afternoon the breeze (went
down and many of the j fleet became be
calmed. It was late when the last of the
yachts reached their ' anchorage. Among
the yachts under ; sail were th© Thetis,
White Wings, Annie, Challenger,' Queen;
Ariel and Halcyon. . ; . - . .
The close of the regular yachting sea
son was marked yesterday by a cruise of
the San Francisco, Corinthian and Cal
ifornia clubs in squadron. Owing to the
light alrs.the amateur tars did not enjoy
the day as hugely as if there had been a
piping breeze and the sails closdly reefed.
Occasion .Marks Close
of the Regular ¦
Season. *
YACHTS CRUISE
IN LIGHT BREEZE
The California committee Is first
In the field with an announcement of the
names of two men who will form the nur
cleus or a team of twenty-five which will
be sent on from here to' take part in. the
world's Olympian games.
E. R. Abadie of University of Califor
nia and Walter F. Dunn of Stanford Uni
versity are the two men. The former has
repeatedly covered 100 yards, in, ten sec
onds. This is not considered the limit of
his speed. Dunn has. made a specialty of
the quarter-mile. He. has* run .in better
than fifty seconds in practice and holds
the coast record of :50 2-5 seconds.
Both these men are consistent perform
ers and it is hardly possible they will be
beaten in the spring eames next year.
The balance of the team will be chosen
carefully, the Intention being to send on
athletes each one of which will be a star
in some single event.
AMONG the products of California
which will be strongly represent
ed at the St. Louis Exposition
next year will - be her athletes.
TWO ATHLETES WHO WILL. FORM THE NUCLEUS OF A STRONG
TEAM WHICH WILL REPRESENT. CALIFORNIA IN THE' WORLD'S
OLYMPIAN GAMES NEXT YEAR AT THE ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION.
WEINTG-M2LLET FIGHT
AN ATTRACTIVE ONE
Californian Will Hake His Debut as
a Professional at the Reliance
Club, Oakland.
Al Weinig, the Buffalo light-heavy
weight boxer who forsook bicycle racing
for the ring, will make his bow as a box
er to the California public at the Reli
ance Athletic Club. Oakland, to-morrow
evening, when he will meet Joe Millet
in a scheduled fifteen-round bout At
catch weights.
Welntg has been boxing at some of the
largest clubs In the East and has offered
to meet any one in the light-heavyweight
class. He came here with the expectation
of getting «pn with the winner of th«
Fitzsimmons-Gardner bout. He says he
is willing to bet he can bring home the coin
with. cither. This being hlw first appear
ance in California and the fact that it is
the first opportunity offered Millet to
fhow as a professional in California, the
bout has attracted the attention of the
Millet's friend* believe the result will
never be in doubt
The Senators had their bats trimmed
nicely tn the morning, and they landed
hard and often on the Bhoots and
twisters of Mr. Graham. Truck Egan
sent the ball over the left field fence for
a homer In the second round when two
men were on the sacks. This gave the
Senator* a safe lead and from that time
on they walked home. The score:
facram^nto — I Oakland —
AB. IV H. P.A.i AB. R. H. P.A.
Casey.2b 3 I* 1 3 2 O*H'ra,cf 4 0 0 2 0
Hlbnd, If 4 2 1 1 0 R'kfld. If R 0 0 2 0
McLn. rf S 2 2 2 0 M'rdck.rf 5 0 1 0 0
Twnd.lb « 1 1 J» 0 v:hw'i,:b 4 0 0 5 6
r, C sn. n < 2 "2 <• 7 Mrtke.3b 5 3 3 O B
Shebn,3b 2 111 2 M'tsly.ih " 1 1 1A O
Doyle, cf 5 0 2 5 O.Dev'rx.ng 3 0 1 S 2
r.Gr'm.c 5 115 0 Gortn. c 3 0 1 2 1
nxz'4, p 4 12 1 1 3.Gr*m,p 4 0 2 13
ToUl«.3S 11 13 27 12 Total»>.36 4 0 27 17
BCKB AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 3 4 1 02 1 00 0 — 11
Base hit* 3 3 1 • 2 3 O 1 0—13
Oakland ...\0 10002010—4
Base hits ..*...! 2 0 0 1 3 6 20—9
SUMMARY.
Home run — F-keti. Stolen banes — Townsend,
Martlnke. Three-base hit — Sheehan. Errors —
Sch»«rtx. M&rtinke.* Devereaux, Gorton. Two
base hit* — EKin, O. Graham. Mesaerly. Eac
rifl.-e hits — Casey 2. First ba*e on errors—
Pacramento 2. First bane on called balls— Oft
Fitzgerald- 5, off Graham 7. Left on bases—
Sacramento 11. Oakland 10. Struck out— By
Ktt«reraJd 3. by Graham 2. Hit by pitcher—
Kheehan. Fltzcera'.d. Double plays — Schwartz
to Devereaux: O. Graham to Schwartz to Me»
**r!y. Passed ball — Graham. Wild pitch
Fitzgerald. Time of rame — One hour 45 min
ute*. Umpire — McDonald.
Senators Hit Hard.
The first inning brought forth the only
tally for the Cripples. Rockenfltld drew
n pass and Murdock laid up against the
lfathrr and smashed It out t» «.he center
field fence. Then hard luck interfered
and the ball hit a post, preventing it from
hurdling th' 1 enclosure. Any way. it was
a two-cushioner and it brought Rocky tn.
The Serators did not get n\en a h!t
¦ till ihr- forrth. Then Casey drove one
out to l»ft, ?tole second and arrived on
Cjr Townsend'5 Mnplcr to right. In the
Fixth the bis th!n^ was exploded. Casry
began ft with another single and HUde
brand bunted along the first base line.
Moskiman booted the ball and they
were both safe. McLaughlin Facrificed
and wh*>n Townsend got a pa?? the ba?3
were all filled. Egan tore off a r^al torrid
one. but Bil! Deveresux fielded it and
shot it to the plate in r.me to catch
Casey. Gorton got depey and threw the
ball wild to first. Before Mess^rly
could nt< k it up and line it to the plate
Hfldebrano was under the tape.
Doyle !ed off with a plng'.e to center for
the Senators in the seventh. Hojran
bunted successfully ard Kee:> brought
r>oy3e in with the final run for Mike by
sousing the ball past third.
The « "ripples had a e'hanc- in the eighth
when O'Hara hit. Rockenfleld flew out to
deep center and O'Hara did not get back
to the bag In time to save himself from
being doubled up. Again, in the second,
with Mfsserly on third and l>crton on
f^cond. Moskiman lined ore to Casey.
He promptly executed a dou?!? rnd saved
another tally. The score:
(!ak'an<l— i Sacramento —
AB. R. H. P.A.| AB. U. H. P.A.
rrHrm.ef 3 0 110 :a*ey, 2b 4 1 2 2 7
Roknfld.e Sill 3 HUdbd.lf 31020
MurdJc, rf 3 O 1 1 0 McLKn.rf :i 0 0 4 0
fhmtr 2b 4 O O 2 SiVm-nsd lb 3 0 1 13 1
Krurrr. If 4 O 1 4 PEjtn, *. 4 O O 2 2
M*«?rlylh4 0 1 10 1 !>hehn.Sb 4 0 0 0 1
">everx,3b 2 O 0 2 2 Doyle. cf3 1 11 1
r.orton, c .1 O 1 5 I Hog^n. c 3 0 1 3 1
Uskmn, p 3 0 0 1 3 Keefe. p. 4' 0 1 0 0
Totals.29 1 6 27 131 Totals. 31 3 6 27 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento O 0 0 1 0 11 0 0 — 3
Base hits 0 00201 20 1— «
Oakland 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O-^ l
Base hits 121001010— «
SUMMARY.
Stolen b»*»s — Casey <2>. Rockenfleld. Kruper.
Errors — IWkiman. Gorton. MesBerly. Two
bane hit— Murdock. Sacrifice hits — Devereaux.
Hlldebrand. McLaughlln, Hogan. First bate
on error* — Sacramento 2. First base on called
bs;!s — Off Moskiman. 2; off Keefe, 2. Left on
hanes — Oakland 4. Sacramento 6. Struck out —
By Moskiman. 1: by Keefe. 1. Double playe —
Cm^t to Kgsn to Towrwnd; Doyle to Town
send. Tim* of game — One toour and fifty mln
ute». Umpire-McDonald.
Twice again did the Cripples, under the
chaperonage of Peter Lohman. succumb
yesterday before the onslaught of the
Senators on the baseball field. In the
tnorrJng', on Peter's own battle ground,
the trick was easy to turn. W hen the
srasie broke up, the Senators were there
11 to 4. At Recreation Park the Cripples
fought a trifle harder and made the Sen
ators go Bome ere thev landed, 3 'to 1.
Yesterday's double victory entrenches
the Senators In the second position by
sevcraJ points. They fattened their per
centage -J'jring the last week by taking
five out of six from Peter's maimed toss
«n».
Mike's followers went through the two
gam-* yesterday without a Ktani on the:r
fieldir.gr averages. Keefe pitched the best
game of his career at Recreation Park.
The college younpsier had everything. In
every inning but the first the ("ripples suc
cumbed to the influence or his bewilder
ing twister*. Then he had control, and
only walked two men. one of whom
•cored.
Mosklman was brought out on the slab
for the first time in many moons, and
although he did not win, h«» twirled a
beautiful game. The rest of the team
seemed delighted with the ntc-ser.c-e of
the Doc in the box. end they backed him
op well except In a few Instances.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
W. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
U Ar.ffeie*.113 70 .«17 *eatt> SS *9 .431
?«cmento.. 03 P2 .503 Portland . . K5 81 .4S3
ixa Fran.. 06 87 .497i>«kland ... 78 113 .41!
Truck Egan Lines Ball Over
Fence at Oakland With
Two on Basesr •
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph. J
First race— Lady Thistle, Debbie
May, Wootsey Winerd.
Second race — Mr. Phinizy, Nina
Fly, La Rouga
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards 3
year-old* ar.d un, selling— Captain Duckadno ftO
Varna Fon»o 05, Wilhelmina 87. Pierce J 104
Caithners 102. Cogswell 1C5. Larry Wilt 104*
Aules m, Helen Print 104. Exapo 08 Aiborac
05. Baronet 104. La5soi9«t. Dircus 98 ' A ' uurBC
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles. 3-year
olds and up. purse — Glennevis , 100. Pourquol
Pas S3. Jack Young 9<>. Athelroy 9« Lady
Strathmore 1C2. "."•¦-...
Third race, five and a half furlongs. 2-year
oMi. purse — Colin.George 106. Lona S 111, Billy
Woodward 109. Klowa Chief 111. Tootsey Mack
111, Eninhone 109. Ingolthrlft 114, Woodson 114,
Capitol 106..Ponchartraln 109. Dusty Miller 114
Tom Mankins 114. Merrie George 114.
Fourth-race, six furlorps. 3-year-olda nft up,
handicap— Lady Idris 83. Elastic 103 Mallory
10P, Annie Max 85. Bridge 115. Lady' Kent 85,
Mocorlto 90, Molll* T OS, Malster 111, Frank
Bell 111.
Flrot race, five furlongs, 2-year-olds— Kitty
Harlan 104. Lady Thistle 107. Pilgrim Girl 102,
Our LlHle '102, Cap and Gown 107. Minnie John
son 107. Applause 102, Lady Fonso 102, Debbie
May 107, Sweet Myrtle 107. Overhand 107.
Wootsey Winierd 107, Sewna 05, Comoro 107.
Second race, Ktx|furlongR. celling. 3-year-olds
and up — Edith Rose 105. Howard P 100. Honda
lOfi, Goudy »5. General Prig 98. Eleanor Howard
1O5. Nina Fly 100. La Rouge 105, Boutonniere
IOC. Will Shelly 103. Harry Beck 105, Aransaa
109. Ki»s Quick 105, Mr. Phiniry 108, Lou
Beach 100.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 25.— Entries
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
\ By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
Flr6t race-rMayor Johnson, Zyra,
Paul Whale jn
Second race — Soldier of Fortune,
Ralph Young, Arnold K.
Third - race — Ethyiene, Colonial
Giil, Incubator.
Fourth race— Bummer II, Golden
Rule, Qregor K.
Fifth race^ — Mezzo, Tancred, Sard
of Avon-
Sixth race— Bluemint, Sarah Max
im, Nellie Bawn.
WORTS SELECTIONS.
£ixth race, one mile arid neventy yards, Eell-
Ing — Jove 110, AMtne Abbott 108, Pirate's
Daughter 1O«, Nelli? Bawn 107, Sweet Tooth
10S. IJard Burns 105, Florestan 103, Shogun
Utt. Benson Caldwell KG, Custus 102. Sidney
Sabath 101. Sarah Maxim 07, Begone 07, Frank
M 87, Bluemint 97.
Third race, one mile — Golden Rule 111.
Olympian 111. Incubator 105. Colonial Girl 103,
Ethyiene 103,, Thane 103, By Ways 102, Ex
aminer. 100. Pc*tma8t?r Wright 97, Ancke 94,
Dolly Hayman 04, Coruscate 04.
Fourth race, six furlons*. highweight handi
cap — Golden Rule 142. Sir Hugh loo, Scorpio
115. Greicor K 113. Fairbury 100. Bummer II
105. Hoe.ster 103, The Don 10(>. Mureaca 08.
Trogan »0. (Sir Hugh and Golden Rule, Durneil
entry: The Don and Muresca. Miller entry.)
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell-.
Ing— Eda Riley 110, Bard of Avon 104, El
Ghor Itii. Mezzo 100, The Major 100, Tancred
98. Dodie S OK. Chicago Girl »4, LamDOon 0.J,
Lord Melbourne 83. Christine A 90.
Second race, six furlcngs, B?llins — Dungan
non 104, Pat Hammon 104, Blanford 101, Ar
nold K 101, Instrument 105, Blackwolf 103,
goldier of Fortune 103. Ranwcll 10:J. Wistaria
ICO. Anncra J 100. RalDh Young 88, Plea 08.
General Steward 95.
rHICAGO. Oct. 25— Entries:
Firyt race, five and a half furlongs — Balm
of Gllead lift. Mayor Johnson 110. Xyda 110,
Evelyn Byrd U». Zyra 10:5. Paul Whaley 10»,
Swan Dance Via. Mar»hal.<«»a 109, Klmh>erly
1C5. Irma's Oiolce 104.
WORTH ENTRIES.
AQUEDUCT SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Ulyria, tngold, Sweet
Gretchen.
Second race — Irene Lindsey, Nev
ermore, Stroller.
Third race — Divination, Dick Tur
pin, Sweet Gretchen.
Fourth race — Embarrassment,
Duke of Kendal, Stamping Ground.
Fifth race— Escobar, Atwood, Mor
della.
Sixth race — Julia M, Yo San, Jas
per.
Sixth rac». five furlongs, selling:, two-year
clds— ARncs Brennan 101, Julia M 101. Yo San
109. Regi&n DO, Second Sight Oi, Bob Murphy
107. MatamoraK 93. Emergency |0S. San Remo
102. Ja^ner 101. C"nnkling 107. Great- Crossing
1C«. E. <\ Runts 102.
Fifth racf>. five furlongs, selling, two-year
nlds—Aqua 100. Scotch Plume 86, Sea Gate
M, Mali 102. Atwr«J H«J. Hopeful Miss J*!),
Willijresse fffl. Cvnthta 10S, Mordella '.»!>, Belle
of Bellemeade 94. Orlskany W. Eagle 1UG,
Efv<obar 104, My I>ter 104.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, the
Aqueduct l^andicsp — Wild Thyme 07. > Embar
nffcUteiit ICO, Florham Qu»en 00, Stamping
Ground 1P2. Warranted SS, RlRhtful !)1. Rop
tand I'.", I^ord Had^e sa. Gavlota »?, Aliu
mada OS. Sheriff Bell «7. lJuke of Kendall ICQ.
Third race. fIx furlnnjrs. the Creedmore —
Divination 113. Hick Turrin 105). Race King
12l\ Juv-nal Maxim 110. Bob Murphy 112, Mo-
Uaoa 107, Scurire 1C0, Silver Dream 104. Tom
Cod US. Sweet Gretchrn 113, Marjoram ICO.
St Vclcnt'n* 1 112.
ACQUEDUCT ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. Oct. '.'5.— Entries:
First racp. six turlonjr*. handicap, all aces —
Younjc Henry no, Northern Star 1115. Astarita
l^.IncoM nn.DolTy Spanker HI. Invincible 1CS,
Amlrattus K>7. Lady Amelia 102. Stepaway
1<2. tllyria 1G«». Sweet Grotchrn MS, Monastic
97. Athlsna PS. Mary Street B3. Demurrer JKJ.
Second race, one mile, celling, three-year
olds and ur> — Drop o' Rye ns. Irene Uindsvy
1<K. St. Sever J(«. Gold Bpll -106, Allan 10*.
Highlander ICtJ. Swamplands Its. Nevermore. »r>.
Oclawaha HS. MelsterFingor 101. Elhics 100,
All Q<iM I0S. Orloff 05, Potente BS, Trepan 1C.".,
Stnr and Garter fl5. Stroller 106, Morokanta
ICC.
From present indication? it looks as
though about the whole field would face
the starter, ar.d there is no doubt it will
be a race well worth seeing, there being
several horses that figure very close to
gether.
On form Embarrassment looks to be the
favorite, and from what ws*s heard at the
Metropolitan Turf Club to-night he will
be quoted at about 2 to 1. with fours
quoted against Rosand. Stamping Ground
and Duke of Kendal.
The event of interest on to-morrow's
card is the Aqueduct handicap, at one and
o«e-sixteenth miles. This race will bring
out a fair field, in which three-year-olds
have the call. There is an even dozen
carded to go, of which all arc three-year
olds but two. these being Lord Badge and
Warranted, both tarrying lighter weight
than any of the others.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— Racing opens at
Aqueduct to-morrow afternoon. The track
Is practically new, and the addition of a
straightaway course for two-year-old
racers •will be an innovation.
There is every reason to expect a con
tinuance of sport of equally high quality
as that at Brighton Beach during the
.meeting that closed yesterday. The Aque
duct stakes have filled well, both as to
quality and quantity, and few of the
horses that helped to make racing inter
esting at the seaside track will be miss-
Ing when the shift is made to Aqueduct.
Social Dispatch to The Call
Bunch of Three-Year-Olds to
Meet in Handicap
To- Day.
Keefe Pitches Better
Than Does Doctor
Moskiman.
Racing Scene Shifts to
the Aqueduct
Track.
SENATORS ANNEK
DOUBLE HEADER
EASTERN SEASON
NEARS THE END
FIRST ATHLETES SELECTED
FOR THE OLYMPIAN GAMES
Sprinter Abadie of Berkeley and Dunn, the^ Stanford
Quarter Miler, Are Honored by the Californian
Committee With the Leading Places on the Team
RACING, BASEBALL, YACHTING, COURSING, TEN NIS, FOOTBALL
Some • good practice matches were
played -" on the , California Club courts.
Frank StrinRham and 'Sidney Salisbury
took three " sets from Lloyd Baldwin ' and
Grant Smith. Smith played a one-set
match with Frank Mitchell. "The latter
got the short end of an 8-6 score. Mitchell
took the veteran, W. S. MacGavin, into
camp.* Some of the matches resulted as
'follows: .-';. ¦¦•'.'' : . •« .'•'...
' Sidney • Salisbury and Frank ' Stringham . beat
Lloyd lialdwln and Grant. Smith.' 6-4, 6-2." 11-9:
E>r. Lovegrove • beat Dr. Noble. - 6-2, " 6-1, and
tied A.- W.; 'Worthing-ton,* 8-8: Grant Smith
beat Frank Mitchell, 8-6; Mitchell beat "W. S.
MacGavin, 6-4, 7-5; E. P. Robblns beat H.
Spring,' 6-2.' B-3, 6-4; George,- Mueller and
Harry McAfee beat R. B. Da«ett and M.
Melro.«e, 7-5.. 4-6. (5-4: Dr.* Noble tied \V. f.
Bull, 8-4, : 3-6; G. W: Burnett beat Gus Lesser.
fl-2.'6-4, 6-3; . Sidney " Salisbury ; tied ' Frank
Strinfham. ' 6-4. 4-6. 6-0 - • •-••.-- ~ ¦
"Jack" Sheehan, Frank Carr, Frank
O'Kane, '<Bob" McArthur and George
Jones held together and assisted each oth
er over the* hard places. They spied a
deer irs^ one or the canyons and Frank
O'Kane shied rocks at it. He suffered
from "buck fever" and his aim was" bad.
Sheehan wanted to race after it. but his
friends dissuaded him from doing so.
George James* show dog gave chase and
was lost in the brush. ¦ ¦.
The tired, walkers reached Fairfax Villa
half an hour after noon ¦ anu enjoyed a
splendid repast under the trees. Speeches
were made by President Harrison, Max
Rosenfeld,* A. Fuhrman, Mr. Ramsdell
and Kenneth Melrose. : All the speakers
were cheered and their health was
quaffed by the assembled - Olympians. It
was decided to give a walk once a month.
The "Harrison cap" has been adopted in
honor of the popular presiding ! officer of
the club. Among those who enjoyed the
outing were:
William Greer Harrison. Captain Max Rosen
feld A. Castelazo, Henry Stern, J. A. Platt,
W 'l. Adams. J. X. Thane, Charles Jenkins,
R A. Henry. George W. Ebner. J. H. Mayer.
Louis Levy, J. M. Owens, I. H. • Dawson, 8.
Schnaltacher. A. Klelnhaus. P. G. O'Kane, R.
F Ott.-R. F. MacLeod, H. W. Templeman. E.
McKevitt, Al Genster. -Louis -Rocenf eld, E. 8.
Watson A. H. Bullion. H. C. Vldeau. Joseph
Hlckey.' William A. Day. R, W. Lord. H. W.
Schreiber, G. H. Williams. J. T. McCarthy. C.
A Arata, J' A. McBride, L. H. Clar. A. Fuhr
man. O. K. - Ricca, E. A. McCarthy, George
Klarman Kenneth Melrose. Arthur Beardslee,
M. Lamont. Harry V. Ramsdell, T. B. Settle.
Kd M Stack, F. - A. Dlnsmore. E. ' L. Duden,
XV H. Young," C. S. Boas. A. C. Kellogg. C.
RemBchel J. H. Sheehan. J. D. McCarthy. K.
Vannier. M. D. Green. R. S. Stone G. Cantrell.
C.8. Cristennen. H. A. Kldder. C. Mllward. M.
Brandensteln. W. A. Cavanaush. George James.
H. G. Moock. A.W. /Taylor. R. MacArthur. R.
E Currle.' F. J. Corr, D. McCarthy. Charles
Yate« W. A. Menne. R. J. Cairns, George J.
Croal Robert McGlbben. Charles K. Melroae.
Charles Elliott. George Jones.
Nearly 100 members of the Olympic Ath
letic Club took part in the cross-country
walk yesterday through picturesque Ma
rin County. President William Greer Har
rison led the athletes over the steep hills
at a fast pace and within two hours ten
miles were covered and the pedestrians
had their appetites sharpened by the brac
ing air. It was the initial walk arranged
by Max Rosenfeld, the new captain of the
club. There was a large attendance out
of compliment to the latter.
The members crossed 'the bay on the 9
o'clock boat and journeyed by train to
Fairfax. This was the starting point for
the ten-mile Jaunt over the hills and
through the canyons. Harry V. Ramsdell
and Mr. Harrison set the pace and. kept
the members moving until the steep places
were reached, when some fell by the way
side. Others tried short cuts In order to
save themselves arduous labor.
Horace Mann (scratch) -beat 'James A. Code
(scratch). 9-7 ; ; George ; Baker (owe 6-6) beat
Horace Mann (scratch),' 6-3. ,8-6; Herbert Long
(3-6) teat Guy. Lytton (18), 12-10.; 7-9,? 7-5;
Clarence Griffin (owe 2-6) beat . George Baker
(owe 5-6), 6-1, e-3; Will Allen (owe 15 2-6)
beat Nell Baker (scratch); 0-6,' 6-4, 6-3 ; George
Janes (scratch) . beat * . Drummond MacGavin
(owe 15 2-6), «-4, 2-6. 7-5. : yjSBBP^K**-? ¦
. : Griffin will . meet Long and give him
odds of "3-6" and "owe •. 2-6.". Allen will
allow ; Janes i odds of ; "owe! 15 12-6." Of
these four players Griffin's chances are
undoubtedly the best.
:% The ; tournament committee has run the
event off in a. clever.ma nner, but- allowed
matters to drag yesterday. . The specta
tors were fully prepared / to . see the event
completed: down to the 'finals and there
was ample time to do so. : One of the play
ers claimed hs was -too tired to fjo on,
after playing; but three sets 'and conse
quently play >was ; called off , for the : day.
Thej event, will- be completed next Sun-
The first match played was an uncom
pleted one between James Cod© and Hor
ace Mann. "Each had a set. to. his credit
and the deciding one was' won ' by Mann,
9-7. As U3ual, Code had a big: lead and
needed but one point to win and as usual
he was unable to get that one little point!
The matches -resulted as follows:
: Clarence Griffin was. really the star
player. He j received a slight handicap
from George Baktr— "owe 3-6"— and beat
him with ease. "Peck" won the first set
6-1 and had a lead of 4-1 In the second.
Baker made a stand here, and won the
next two games, but the "little fellow"
ran out the next two. Griffin played re
markably well In all parts of the court
and handled Baker's perfect lobs in clever
fashion. The winner is undoubtedly the
most promising of the park players.
Herbert Long, and; Guy; Lytton played
the longest and most stubbornly contest
ed match of • the ' tournament. All three
sets went to deuce-vantage. The score in
favor, of Long, who allowed' his opponent
odds of "3-6," was 12-10, 7-9, 7-5.
Will Allen showed how well his game is
suited to handicap conditions, j He allow
ed Neil Baker odds of "owe 15 2-C" and
won two sets out of three. Baker won
the first set as he pleased, and dfd not
allow his opponent a game. The former
was somewhat overconfident after this
and did not play as hard as he should.
Allen changed his style of play, in the last
two sets and won them by aggressive
work at ; the net. Most of Baker's lobs
fell short and were easy for the scratch
man to handle. . •-.•-"
J. Drummond MacGavin and George
Baker, who were considered by many to
have the best chances of winning the
event, were both beaten. George Janes
defeated MacGavin in a close match, the
outcome of which was in doubt until the
¦end. In the final set MacGavin led at 5-4
and looked a winner,. but Janes took the
next three games. MacGavIn's physical
condition was anything but good. He got
up from a sick bed to play the match,
and consequently was in poor form. Jane3
played his usual dashing game. He was
rather wild In the back court, but at the
net did some hard smashing. Had Mac-
Gavin gone to the net on all occasions as
he should, the result would probably have
been different.
A large number of spectators occupied
all of the available space around the
Golden Gate Park tennis courts yesterday
and witnessed several good matches in
the handicap tournament. Only' four of
the ten players who competed yesterday
are left In the tournament. They are Her
bert Long, Clarence Griffin, George Janes
and Will Allen.
OLYMPIANS WALK
ACROSS COUNTRY
EXPERTS SELECT
GRIFFIN TO WIN
THE SAN. ,FHANCI6CP CALL; MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1903.
8
* / ADVEBTISEMENTa , .
t Good Hats
for every. day
alone responsible for the im- s' /^T
mense sale. The increased rfu& /^ /w
trade is due mostly to the su- <r jwr
. periority of the hats. Satis-
fied customers come again and tell their, friends. The result
is that every one of our orders to the factor}' is larger than
the preceding one. We have just unpacked a new shipment
of these hats. .They come in eight different styles — soft and
stiff— in as many different colors.
Each hat is union,, made and guaranteed by us. Ifa hat
does not wear, well you can have another one at no cost.
Ont-of-tozvn orders Ulled — uritc us". .
740 Market StreetSelling cut till SOth; best #y<?g!asses. specs. 20c
to 5€c. Look out fcrr SI 4th. front of hnrhcr •
new Admiralty Tard, St. Petersburg
August 27. The Oles is of 6675 tons.
13.500 horsepower and twenty-three knots
speed, and the Jemtchug of 3106 tons aad
17,000 horsepower and Is expected to make
a speed of twenty-four knots. A sister
ship to the latter, named Izumrud. was to
be launched during the present month.
The French torepdo boat destroyer Ca
rabine, buiit at the Rochefort dockyard,
made a most notable performance at her
trial last month. Her engines were de
signed to develop 4S0O horsepower and to
give a speed of twenty-six knots, both of
which requirements were exceeded, as the
mean horsepower rose to iH29 and the
sp^ed to over thirty knots. The Carabine
is of 300 tons displacement, 154 feet length.
20.10 feet beam and has a meaa draught
of 10 feet 3 inches. The latter is about
four feet more than mat cf American,
British and Russian torpedo craft, ar.d fn-I
dicates a departure from the usual flat
floor construction. The deeper draught
Insures more steadiness and makes a bet
ter sea boat, besides making the vessel
more comfortable to Its crew. .
"He's certainly a good Christian."' "Not 1
much, he isn't." "What? You've said so !
yourself." "Nothing of the sort; I merely j
said he was a church member."— Phlladel- !
phia Presa. .
Philadelphia, died on board when the i
cruiser was at Magdalena Bay on her ,'
way from Panama to this port. Under I
the Mexican law the body had to be bur- \
ied there and could not be removed for 1
two years. That period will hare elapsed !
since the d«ath and burial when the Mo- I
hlcan is at Masdalena Bay on her way !
north, and the remains can then be I
brought away. They will reach here
•boat the 12th of December
SAX DIEGO. Oct. 2S.-The United States \
training ship Mohican, which arrived In i
port to-day on a cruise which will be ex- j
tended as far south as the United States j
coaling station at Pochllinque Bay, has !
orders from. Washington, accompanied by !
a permit from the City of Mexico, to take !
up the remains of Captain W. W. Relsin- i
ger and bring them to San Diego, whence j
they will be shipped to Washington.
Captain Reislnger, while captain of the I
Body cf Beisinger, Who ComBianded
the Philadelphia, to Be Brought
From Mexico?
ilOHICAX WTLL CONVEY
NAVAL CAPTAHTS BEMAHTS
An order has been issued by the Admi- I
ral superintendent at the Plymouth (Eng
land; dockyard that is causing much un
easiness among the workmen. By this
order the names of the first twenty men
la each department who deposit their
muster checks at the office on leaving
work are takea asd f :rwarded to his of- i
The progress In contract built ships is
somewhat better now than it was a year
airo, one reason for the Improvement be.
Isa; that the shipyards have but little pri
vate work on hand and can therefore
give more attention to Government con
tracts. The battleship Missouri Is SS per
cent completed, and will probably be
turned over to the navy in a couple of
months. The Ohio advanced only 1 per
cent during September and still lacks IS
per cent toward completion. The fact
that the three principal shipyards In the
country have little private work on hand
and no contracts in sight Is likely to In
fluence*' naval legislation at the coming
session of Congress, and an Increase in
the shipbuilding programme may be look
ed for. There is no probability of any
new ships being allotted to the navy
yards, for the Newport News, Cramps and
the yard at Camden can absorb all the
money which a generous Congress may
appropriate for battleships or armored
cruisers.
WABSHTP BUn.DH»G.
The departure of the torpedo-boat de
stroyer fiotllla. consisting of five boats,
from XorfolJc fcr the China station may
be locked for at an early date. The voy
age of 15,000 miles Is expected to take
about six months, and the progress of the
vessels will be watched with much inter
est. Owing to the limited coal supply car
ried by these boats the course acrcja the
Atlantic will be circuitous. The first stop
will be made at Bermuda, thence to Bar
badoes, from which latter the northern
snores of South America will be made
and hugged down to ports in Brazil, from
which the flotilla will steer past the isl
and of St. Paul, under the equator, and
get up to the West African coast. The
Cape Verde Islands. Canaries and Madeira
will be the successive stopping places.
after which the course Is laid for Gibral
tar, going up the Mediterranean. Suez
canal, P-ed Sea and Indian Ocean to the
final destination. There should be no ex
ceptional difficulty encountered In suc
cessfully navigating the flotilla, and bar
ring stress of ¦weather and accidents to
machinery the voyage will be far more
Interesting and I<?ss trying to the crews
than participating in maneuvers on the
ccast. The Bair.bridge, Barry. Chauncey,
Dale and Decatur composing the fleet are
Identical in hulls and differ only slightly
!n machinery. They are of 523 tons full
lead displacement, with 133 tons of coal
on board, and are in the b*>st condition
for the tons voyage, on which they will
be convoyed by the cruiser Baltimore.
Quite a number of destroyers of less
size than the American boats have made
the voyage from Europe to Asia.- There
are five British destroyers, ranging from
232 tons to 230 ton*, on the China station,
acd another, the Virago, of 3G0 tons, is at
Esquimau. Russian destroyers varying
from 250 to 230 tons have successfully
made the 3000-mile voyage from Kron-
Etadt to Port Arthur. The 200-ton destroy
ers built in England for Chile have all
made the trip in good time without ac
cident, therefore, judging from past ex
periences, no apprehension need be felt
for the safety of the United States flotilla.
THE announcement is made for the
twelfth time in the last six
months that P.ear Admiral Royal
Bird Bradford is to resign as chief
cf the bureau of equipment, hav
ing consented to go to sea. He now
stands number eleven en the list of cap
tains, will be promoted to the actual rank
of rear admiral within two years and will
retire In XSK. Kis service record to date
, is fifteen years nine months at sea, twen
ty-four years three months shore duty
and one year eleven months unemployed.
He has had no ?ea duty In his present
grade, and only three years two months
cf sea duty while a commander. Hi3 last
cemmand was on the cruiser Montgomery,
from July. 1536, to July, 1S37, from, which
latter date he has been chief of the bu
reau of equipment. In that capacity and
as a member cf the board of construction
he has been rather too conservative, and
his efforts to win over other bureau chiefs
to his ideas cf the proper designing of
ships has been the cause of some friction.
It is due to his extreme conservatism that
wireless telegraphy. Introduced in foreign
navies more than two years ago, is only
now being installed In the United States
navy.
XAVAL. OFFICER WHO 'MAY
F.ESIGX OFFICE TO GO TO
SEA.
flee. The odclals have also been Instruct
ed to report hew far from the muster
station the men work " and how long it
takes to cover the distance. By this
means the Admiral will know whether
any men leave work before bell-ringing.
The damage done to the old Belieisle by
exploding a torpedo against her side- be
low water shows that coal bunkers are
not of much value as a protection. It
was net alone that the cofferdam built
against the side was blown away, but the
torpedo charge burst through the ship
in every direction. The hole in her side
is twelve feet by eight feet and the coal
cellulose was scattered In every direction.
An Austrian battleship name Erzherzog
Karl was launched October 4 at Trieste,
wherp another ship of the same type and
size is under construction. The building
of these ships indicates a deoarture from
the previous policy, which was less am
bitious as to size and armament. The
largest armored ships hitherto built were
the Arpad and Bahenberg, launched, re
spectively, in 1201 and 150C These ships
are of 6340 tens, whereas the newer ships
are of 10,600 tons. The main batterv of
the new craft consists cf four 9.4-Inch,
eight 7.5-Lnch and six 6-lnch, an armament
proportionately heavier as to displace
ment than any other Austrian battleships
afloat or designed. The principal dimen
sions of the ships are: Length. 350.4 feet;
breadth. 72.13 feet; draught. 24.6 feet. The
engines are of 14.000-horsepower, calcu
lated to give a speed cf nineteen knots,
and the bunker capacity cf 1315 tons is
sufficient for 4200 miles at ten knots
speed. All the material. Including guns
and armor. Is of domestic manufacture.
RUSSIA'S LATEST BATTXESHTP.
The Russian battleship Cesarevltch. re
cently ccEcoleted at La Seyne, France,
has far ex<fteded the speed requirements,
making nearly 1S.5 knots at her trial, an
excess of about one and a half knots
over the contract. The Cesarevitch is 330
feet in length, 73 feet 6 inches beam and
displaces 13,110 tons on a mean draught
of 26 feet 3 Inches. The battery is com
posed of four 12-inch and twelve 6-inch,
twenty 12-pounders, twenty 3-pounders.
ten Maxims and four torpedo tubes, of
which two are submerged. She is driven
by twin-screw engines of 15,300-hcrsepow
er and her twenty boilers are of the Belle
ville type. The armor belt extending all
around the vessel varies from 10 inches to
4 Inches and the side above is 6 Inches
thick. It ha.s also two armored decks,
the uocer one 2.7 Inches and the lower
cne 1.3 Inches In thickness. The normal
coal supply, is 900 tons, with a capacity
for 1323 tons, sufiiclent for steaming 35CO
miles at ten knots. The principal weights
with their percentage of the displacement
are: Hull. 5123 tons (.33.1 per cent); armor,
K50 tons (27.1 per cent); armament. 1540
tens (11.7 per cent); machinery'. 1430 tons
(10.9 per cent), and coal. 500 tons, or 7 per
cent of the displacement, leaving a mar
gin of 355 tons, or 4.S per cent, for equip
ment ar.d other weight?. The Cesarevitch
was laid down May IS, 1S33. launched Feb
ruary 23. 1301. and completed In Septem
ber last.
Four vessels were launched during'Aug
ust at Russian shipyards, namely:
Battleship Slava. 13,515 tons, 13.S00 horse
power and eighteen knots sped, laid down
October 4, 1302. at the Baltic yard, St.
Petersburg, and launched August 29.
Imperial yacht Alexandria of 500 tons,
launched on the esme date and at the
same r>'a-ce as the Slava.
First class cruiser Oleg and second
ctass cruiser Jemtchug, launched at the
Appended to the report is a rurr.rriary
•w"hlch shows there are 22 vessels In the
ravy 2t fcr service, forty-five building
an<S twentj-three BSfit for sea e?rvire.
. The following are under construction
cr AUtlscrixed: Fir^t -class battleships. 14;
armered cruisere. I; protected cnilser?.
%; gur-bcat fcr great lakes <nct besrun), 1;
eccpesite tr-'^xii-ts. 2; steel torpedo
beats. €; training chips, 2; training brig.
:; tugs. X.
la connection with the improvements
r^cK-ended fcr Mare Island navy yard.
Admiral Bowles save:
It is desired, ia crd«r that the yard cart*
rr^jared fcr the bsililn* of l*rg« vessels, that
rr*n*ratlcn» be =aie tj that «nd.
For the Pug-t Sound yard it ia pointed
out that another drjdcck i« required;
tl«» a tsarine railway and a number of
'ruililngs. Concerning the navy yard at
Xcrfoik. Admiral Bowles Eays:
Ee!rr located en Ha=!rt» Reads, where
U-»« ieeu ==st cf neceW.ty rendexrous, thU
nrf U3«ae«ncaal):y ehoc:-! be equipped as
cce of the fjtiawt yard* of the c^intry. R»
cectly the Cr«t-cla». b*ttle«hlp lUiaoU c%ine
to ar.d left the yard withoct difiicalty. Tel*
«mju!1 arp<»r to »ettle the «ue«tioii of rafficlent
tfesth of chasaei.
Speaklrg cf the baitlemiip Ceanectic-.it.
wr-.icii is being built at a Government
yard and whica U a sister etip cf the
Louisiana, being »~ : t fc >* «¦ P"" a * e C0Ci 
pary. the revert says that, although
slightly behind the L<cuis:ar-a. the prog
ress made has been well v^ to the beat
prex-icus average of contract-built chips,
fend add*:
Better ;rcsr*cts for the fieirrery cf «truc
turaJ ete«: =aur:al and tie eotspletesess and
accuracy of the ;Uzs upoc wfeicis these ships
aad thc*e s»t«e<;uetit:y authorlxeii are beta*
built farnUh yrot=ula Tor beliefln* that
tfce future ;rccrw* upoa tbe»e latter vessel*
•will *xc*ed a=y T*milim teretcfore attained.
asd that the cesETletlca ef the hull and ma
chinery win cct delay theae vessel* beyond the
"i£!r.r:«~t=* past year d«'.ay la tb» delivery
of ar=or ha» caused but rew delayi la the
<i»!l««ri v ct Tftwif. asd cuch artner !» now
on hand in enisrard* In advance d the c**<i»
cf tb« t^Uiiera.
Ir^=f2cient capa-ity far the productlca of
rickel «te«l cmective fi*ck» plate» has been
the cans* of l=ad»<y=ate de'tverte* t» the «hip
tutl4*r* ari ha« •=barrass«l ar.d delayed their
• crk to a ce=«ia*rah> extent la Use past year
a=4 U «iU crer*tl\-e.
The list shou'.d have been Increased by
two battleships and Sve cruisers, the re
port says, but cwizg to strikes and ether
causes their completion was delayed. The
rcptet state* that the *Tate of prepress
cf vessels cruier ccnttructicn at the pres
ent time presents scnie very encouraging
indications for the completion cf many
cf the nicst Important contracts, but, con
sidered as a whole, the progress made
during the last fiscal year tas been very
¦_ r. sa. risiactory."
• • the Secretary cf the Xavy,
•-j?vi€ws zx iergth the progress made by
this Govems:e"t In naval construction.
The following additions bare beeii niade
to- the elective fore* of the navy during
the year: Ore battleship, COST monitors,
twelve torpe<io-bcat destroyers, one tcr
re£o-bcat er.d seven submarine tcrpe<So-
_ _ _ ASHDfGTON. Oct. S.-Rear
\\ A / Admiral Bcwles. chief cf the
vy vy tureau cf construction and re-
V V pair, in his annual report to
He Would Prepare
for Building of
Warships.
SAX DIEGO, Oct. 23.— A peculiar suit
was commenced in the Superior Court i
yesterday by the Pacific Coa3C Steamship j
Company against R. A. Graham, now of
Xew York. Ten years ago Graham, who |
was then a railroad contractor and buifd- '
er and who was making money in tha f
Coos Bay country, shipped to San Diego j
a part of his grading outflt, consisting of f
sixteen dumpcarts. several wheel-scrapers j
and a patent grader. He directed that
they be storsd until he called for them.
This was done, and fcr ten years, lacking
five days, they have occupied a corner in \
the company's warehouse. Graham has I
gone out of the country and has probably !
forgotten where he had the articles ;
stored, if Indeed, he recalls that he once
owned it. The storage charges cow j
amount to CSS. ar.d the platntlff ask3 that \
the court direct that the articles be sold j
to pay the charges.
Suit Brought to Sell Articles Placed
in Storage Ten Years
Ago.
COMPACTS' WAXES WEAET
OF CONTBACTOB/S ABSENCE
Revival of Rumor
<
That Bradford
May Resign.
All trace of Malasplna'a gallery was
lost until the description of It recently
came to light amen? some papers dating
back to the time of the Spanish explora
tions. A drawing of Malaspina's gallery
was reproduced, tcgether with a state
ment by Mayor Bat.? cf Xanaiino that,
according to an eld map to his possession,
Malaspina" s wor.der cave should be found
in the vicinity of Xanaimo. Last week,
while cruising about Gabriola Island,
Harry Rogers and some friends entered
a cavern, where the waves washed in by
northern storms ¦ had eaten away the
rock, leaving magnificent sculpture of
odd-shaped patterns in the sandstone.
The gallery consists cf a chamber 350
feet long, with a floor twenty-one feet
wide and a roof formed by an overhang
ing roc?k that extends some distance be
yond the floor ledge. The overhanging
roof has been sculptured Into hundreds
cf curious patterns by the action of the
sea, presenting an endless variety of
forms. Amons the largest figures is one
of an Indian reclining against a walL
This figure was accurately described by
Malaspina.
TACOMA. Oct. 25.— A party of pleasure
seekers las: week discovered on the north
end of Gabrlola Island. In Xanaimo Har
bor, a splendid natural gallery, which
coincides exaetlr with the description of
such a eal!ery found in 1732 by Malaspina,
the Spanish navigator who visited the
British Columbia ccast in that year with
Captains Valdcz and Galia.no.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Chamber in the Rock De
scribed by Old Spanish
Navigator.
Famed Gallery of Mal
aspina Discovered
at Nanaimo.
VOYAGERS FIND
WONDROUS CAVE
ADMIRAL BOWLES DECLARES
FOR MARE ISLAND CHANGES
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1903.
9
PCSTTJ2I CFTVr.AT..
f DOCTOR KNEW
H&d Tried It Himself.
The doctor who h*s tried Pcstum Food
JcSe* know* that it is an easy, certain ;
and p'.eaiart way o*^t of the coffee habit j
and all cf the alls foUowin^. and he pre- j
'scrtb** It for his patients, a* did a physi-
cian cf Pro*sertown. N. J. One of his
patient*, ear*: "'During- the rummer Just
past I suffered terribly with a heavy fe«I-
ir^ at the pit cf ray ttotnach and dizzy |
CetBssi in =y head, and then a blindness, j
Vcuid - - — - over my eye*, bo I would
have to eit down. I wc-ld get so nervous
I could tarily cc=tro! my feelings.
• •Flr-ally I epek* to enr family physi-
cian about it. and he asked If I d*rank
• much cc2e«. and mother told him that I
did. He told me to immediately stop
drinkiiis coffee and drink Portuin Food
Coffee in tta piaee. as he and his family
had used Pcstum and foend It a power-
ful rebuHder and delicious focd drink.
"I hesitated for a tfcne, disliking: the
idea cf bavins; to give «p ray coffee, but
'rally I r=t a package and found it to
fa* all the doctor *aid. Slace drinking- the
. Postum in place cf coffee my dizziness, j
Slindness and nervousness are all £one, j
. my bowels are regular, and I am again j ',
veil and ctrons. That is a short state- |
»*nt cf what Postum has done for me." j I
'Tun* given by Postum Co.. Battle Creek. I !
.ir.ch. '
Look in each package for a copy of the J
'ff^ ii'^e beck. "Th« Ro*d to WeH- ,
AUCTION SALES
5* &*
A lot of GOOD CHEAP KORSX3 w!H &•
¦Old wttb save GOOD WAGONS. CARTS.
: SITRRETS BUGGIES aad HARNESS. TTES-
DAT. Cctofcer 27, 11 a. . el. at UK> FOL3OX
ST. C!cst=* cut; crest fca soil. ¦
i P L "<fc
JfcN /fcP* 2^
AUCTION SALE at ARTADS HORSS 3XAR-
KET. 327 Sixth »c. "W*<ia«*i»y. Oct. 2S. at 11
a. as. By or-l'r ot Jchssoo Fir-*, of llirys-. !'.!«
I will ••;¦. 25 good younar bor9>s. all aouad aaa
f«atle: also tar=«s, etc. JOHN 3. DOTLZ.
aucticcegr. '-¦•-. i~- :*¦ -•¦.:
ADVEBTISEMESTS*
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
Or TMJ5
CONDITION AND AFFATBS
. OS" THS
Helvetia Swiss
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. r.trj. ix THE R3FC3UC OT
Switzerland oa th» 31st Saj ot Decuaber. -
A. D. 19C3. acd for Uie y**r ecdt=« oo tltat
day. m made to t.-.e Insurant:* CorassusicaeT
of the St*t> of Ci :^rr.:i. purst^ast to :S«
prorUlccs of sections «10 asd (Sll of Him Po-
litical Code. ro&dtsMd as p«r blask furslah«4
ASSETS.
Cash Uarfeet Value of all S*3Cks
a&4 Bonds <nrced Sy Cofn£&&y.....SS*.4S3 7S
Cash la Company* Office 2.U1 «T
Cast la Basks £330 CS
Interest <t3» asd accrued oa all
Stocks asd I<ra.n» 4. 730 00
Preni'ass* la <to« Cocn« of Collec-
tion 3.1*4 U
GxsEslastocs on Retsra Predlosrs
asd R«ia*3rasce SC9 It
Tctal Assets tUl.no 79
t.ta hi r.rn i-'st
Losaes adjisted asd u~-*..i {3.(0 4*
Lo3*<"» la process ot Adjcstsvst or
ta SuszeEse tTTO 5«
ZxMses resisted. lachuHnr ezT^nses.. 3.623 C*
Groes precrlcas ca F".r» Risks rua-
ntsff cm year or less J-~. IJi £3;
retsscrance. SO per eent 31.003 27
Gnu prvtaisms on Fire- Risks rca-
Binf mere, than oae year. *•?),-
I 1 . -5 43; reinsurance pro rata 13.133 83
Cocisitss'.ccs and Brokerage due asd
to become dee 1.543 Tl
All other liabilities 2.S97 21
Total LUt;".::'.** $33,731 74
ZXCOMS.
Net cash actnally recetred for Flr«
prenalu=« t 170,229 7*
Received for Interest and <Hvi<JewIs
ca Boc<±>. Stocks. I> a-s aad frota
from all other sources 20.717 S3
Recetred from all other socrces 2S.C99 13'
Total Iecoci* >ll».»4a 14
EXPENDITURES.
Net ansffHnt paid for lire Loss<»»
UnciwiiE* 127.191 33. losses of pre-
vious years* i;i.5*3 U
Paid or allowed for Ccir.missica or
Brokerage — 32.944 Cl
Paid for Salart»*. T&e* aad other
- charges for cfScers. clerks, eta.. X 750 00
Fa!d fcr State National and t<ocal
taxes «.131 <*
AH other payments aad expesd'.tare* 43.333 91
Total Exye=ditgr»» 138.281 C3
Risks ar.d Premiums. Fire Risks. PTeaHarris.
Net amount of Risks;
¦written during 1 the!
ye « r T!: rr.et3.2a *s&4ca «
Net asjonst of Risks:
expired dsrtns; thej
year [ 34.31 S. 344 44O.«7 34
Net amount la farce' "
December 31. 1>2~! 7.0CZM2 92.304 M
S.\ML R. "WEED <aT Weed & Kennedy).
Manager.
Subscribed and sworn ta before o« this 26ti
day of January. 1SHXI. T.
SYZ a CO.. General Agents,
308 CALIFORNIA STREET.
STATEMENT
OT THE
CONDITION AND APFATB3
OF THE
Rhine and Moselle
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF STRASSBVRG. CEWU.NT. ON THS
31st day cf December. A. D. 1903. aad for
the year ending on that day. as eads to th«
Insurance Cctnsiissioner of tha State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant ta the proTlaiocs of sections
€10 and 611 of the Poi'.tical Cod*, cendessedi
as p«r blank furnished tr the CosxssisalossT :
CAPITAL.
Amount ef Capital Stock, paid us
la Cash * COaCOO 08
ASSETS.
R»*l Estate owned by Company....! 297.500 CO
Ixtass ca Beads and Mortgage* 241,300 CO
Cash Market Value of aU Stoexa
i acd Bonds owned by Comnasy... CS3.123 23
Cash ta Company's Orsce S.A4J-H
Cash la e*^*''™ 14S.133C3
Interest due and accrued oa all
Stocks and Loans — 11.629 CA
Interest do* a=d accrued oa Bccds
asd Mortgages HZ3 £>
Premium*, la due Crcrsa of CoOee-
tioa 44.J7JW
r»ue frcrn other Companies far R#-
Inrarance oa losses already paii. 82.329 O
Total Assets .JLSIXW 33
LUBSJTIS3.
Losses adjusted asd unpaid .| 19,330 77
Lok *s la pro*M» ct Adj-jatasect or
in Suspense !*,»* §7
Leases resisted. lncTadiss; expenses. 232 34
Groes premiums on Flr« Risks rsa- • „--;
n'cg one year or less. S333.379 S3;
reinsurance 50 per <M3t 277.48* »1
Gross premiums co Fire R!sks roa-
ning more than* cne year. S3dL-
i 253 23: reinsurance pro rat* 23,713 9t
Cash dividends r?— a:.-.!:? cspaid. . 52} OO
All other demands against tis com-
pany 73L20SS3
; Total LUbCttles .$_ 421.206 23
INCO3TE. "
Net cash aetaarty recetTed tsr TTf
pretnlasas • 433.303 53
ReceiTed for Interest oa Bczds asd
Mortgages :-v; 9.C9J4
ReceiTed for Interest and £m£*sds
en Bonds. Stocks. Ticam. and
frsta «U other soorces 30.Z79G3
Referred for Rests : 13.0:5 11
Xteeeired for profit on sale of Bonds 4.S20 19
Recetred frota all other soarees 13.194 1%
Tctal I=caia« .$ 489.30 9»
KXyENTITL'RES. "
Vet aciccnt paid for Fir* Leases
•tnctuiin* J33.5S3 C losses ef
previous year t 200.40X04
Dlvia-nds t;> Stockholders 70.000 CO
Pa!d or allowed fcr Commission or
Brokerage. 73.«« 73
Pa»d for salaries. Fees, and other
! chaiges fcr officers, clerks, ttc... 44^3T 43
Paid fcr State. National, and Local
tax-s • I3,7«r»
AH other payments and ezpendl-
; trres 1.031 73
Total Exjeadltnres .' S 411.203 0
j == F^ ==
Lecses tararrwl Anisj Ci« y»ar $ t*S.7*>7J
Risks aad PresHus>s.jF:r« Risks. Prearicnss..
Net amocat of Risks)
wrlttea durtns the!
year $431,433.33* S3S9.814 (7
Ntt amount of Risks!
I ciptred tfariss the
y«ar 25t558.B« S04.27! 81
Net amccat ta f -r?«
December 31. 1<XG. . 33a.S22.2g* d.<33 19
F. SCHALLER. President.
A. PO1ZAT. Secretary.
' ScbscrSted and iwcra to befor* a» Zhtm 4tS
day of Arrtl. 19CS.
JOSEPH L BRITTAE?. C. S. Cansd.
SYZ &. CO.. General Agents,
308 CALIFORNIA STREET.
j^SB^fl MEHANDWCMEJI.
aQffjfflWri RT?^5fl C»» Bi* 43 fof saaataral
M&J oirtaiS* B Iriisatieas or s!c«.-»:ioas
£aJY ¦« «• mzvsan. " of aucoa» c«=£r»a«.
©TrcntEmiwHIKSilCa j«at or pciioaoa*.
\LA G*OTUu.I FSC1 ««M fcy Brmtti**
Wk C.9. j. *%ST «r «t ta mlsi. wrvrcj*.
v^iaipiMyV' ¦ oral** b=jl«3 I'iwi
A New Feature of Greater Frisco's Greatest Paper,
A notable series of articles on timely topics by leading
authorities.
With to-day's issue THE CALL will give its thousands of readers
an opportunity to enjoy a series of high-class reading on
interesting and timely topics, as follows:
FBOBI/ETffB OF MATBTMONY AND THE HOME.
(KOHSATS AJST> TEUBSSAT8.)
Two short articles a week, averaging iess Than a column, by such writers
as the following:
U. S. SEXATOR CHAUXCET M. DEPEW.
GERTRUDE ATHERTON. author of "Senator Xorth." "The ConQueror,
etc^, on "Marriage Ills of the Rich." •
VIRGIXIA VAX DE TV ATER. well-known contributor to the Harper peri-
odicals, on "Married Life In the Light of Business Partnership."
JOSEPH W. WEBER of "Weber and Fields" — comedian, theatrical man-
ager and author — on "Should a Wife Receive a Separate Allowance?"
LILLIE DEVEREAUX BLAKE, authoress, lecturer and club woman, oa
"Shall He Wed Beauty or Intellect?" -ir. %
F. DE L. BOOTH-TUCKER. Commander of the Salvation Army, en "Mar-
riage Conditions Among- the Poor." ; _
MRS. HENRY HASTIXGS. President of the Mothers' Club. Xew Tor*, oa
"One or Two Children versus the Large. Old-Fashioned Family." _ .
JAMES H. CAXFIELD. Librarian of Columbia University, oa The Wlra
as Head Financier of the Domestic Trust."
JEAXXETTE GILDER, editor, of The Critic
MARIOX HARLAXD.
GRACE GEORGE, actress, on "Marriage on the Stage."
ABE HUMMEL, famous Xew York divorce lawyer, on "What the Lawyer
Sees of Matrimony."
MART MAPES DODGE, editor of St. Xicholas.
MARIE MAXXIXG. author of "Lord Alingrham. Bankrupt."
• HARRIET HUBBARD ATER.
R. K. MUXKITTRICK. humorist and editor o{ Judge.
DR. GEORGE F. SHRADY. famous as General Grant's physician, and
editor Medical Record. Xew York.
JOHX KEXDRICK BANGS.
HARRIET W. FORD, playwright.
WILLIAM TRAVER3 JEROME.
There will be many additional writers for this series, all of high standing.
HOW TO MAKE A SKILLED BOXTTR OF THE SCHOOLBOY.
(TXTESDAYS ASD FBEDATS.)
Two short Illustrated articles a we^k. about a column each.
The writer is ALBERT PAYSOX TERHUNE. for many years the athletic
expert of the New York Evening World, author of "Muscle Building." "How
to Make a Healthy Athlete of the Schoolboy." etc.
. The illustrations will be from poses by the author and JAMES J. COR-
BETT.
Mr. Terhune will answer by mall without charge the questions of boys
following the course.
Mr. Terhune says: "The boy who has not learned to box has not yet
made his own acquaintance. - In other words he Is ignorant of his own mus-
cles, his own power or limitations, and even of his own temperament. For
boxing teaches all these things. It strengthens and lends deftness, speed and
endurance to the body; It teaches the brain to think and to think quickly. It
teaches courage and coolness, and, above all. it teaches the art of controlling
one's temper."
- . MABVEXS~oi : ~THE~EAETH.
(TU USD AYS AJTD SAT U KDAT9.)
Two short articles a week, averaging about a column each.
The writer is GEORGE FREDERICK WRIGHT. A. M.. LLD» long con-
nected with the United States Geological Survey, author of "The Ice Age la
Xorth America." "Man and the Glacial Period." "Greenland Ice Fields and Life
in the Xorth Atlantic." "Asiatic Russia." etc.
Dr. Wright understands thoroughly the art of popular writing. His topics
will Include the following:
The. Wonderful Erosive Power of Running Water, illustrating the rapidity
with which water Is wearing down the continents.
The Mountain Forming Eras of the World, illustrated by sketch maps,
showing that mountains are but wrinkles on the surface of a contracting ball.
The Geological Agency of Fire, with a description of recent volcanoes and
of the great lava flows in earlier geological times.
The Story of a Limestone Quarry, snowing the manner of the formation
of limestone. .
The Formation and Distribution of Coal. .
The Formation and Distribution of Oil and Gas Bearing Strata.
The Origin and Distribution of the Fertile Soils of the World.
The Geological Agency of Frost. Illustrated by the glacial period.
The Probable Age of the World, tracing the geological and physical forces
back through their past activity to their development from an Incandescent
mass.
The Earth's Future, as foretold from Its present condition and the activity
of the forces in operation to modify It. • -
There will be many other topics of equal interest in this series.
HOME MTJSICAI* EDUCATION FOB CHILDEEN".
rwsnans&DAXS.)
1500 to 2000 words once a week, illustrated.
The writer 13 ANICE TERHUXE. song writer, formerly director of music
in the College of St. John the Baptist. New York.
Several articles of this series were submitted to F. H. Grlswold. the "mu-
sical sharp" of the Chicago Record Herald, who expressed himself concerning
them as follows:
"It seems to me these articles would find many readers, as vthelr tone is
pleasant and attention Is called to things which might otherwise escape the
notice of parents who wish their children to study music. The comparative
newness of the plan would probably tend to make many anxious to know how
it is applied to the teaching of children."
Mrs. Terhune says: "The course is designed to enable parents to give home
musical education to their children. Each step Is explained In such a way that
any mother, even though she herself may not be a musician, can Impart the
lessons to her child. The practical results will at once be apparent.
"I have not given a theoretical disquisition on music, but have explained
each detail simply and completely, as though I were a music teacher deliver-
ing the lesson to a pupil.
"Although these lessons have never before been printed, many competent
musicians have gained their entire knowledge by the course I have set down.
and I can guarantee success to any one who will conscientiously follow it.
"Each step Is explained with a simplicity that brings It within the reach
of the least precocious chlld-
"Many people ilo not understand the necessity of getting the muscles of the
hands and arms Into perfect condition for plajinsr. before attempting to use
them at the piano. This all-Important feature I have fuly explained, and the
course begins with some light exercises for fingers and arms, given In such
a way as to make them interesting and entertaining to botb pupil and teacher.
"These first exercises will also be of great value to persona farther ad-
vanced In music, whose progress Is Impeded by lack of manual facility.
"In connection with this, I teach the pupil how to practice. Practicing is
in Itself an art. and much time may be saved and mental strain be avoided If
the student understands exactly how to work.
"How to acquire a sweet, ringing tone, and to gain control over the tech-
nicalities of the piano come next.
"After this; we take up reading music (and here I explain everything that
the pupil is likely to find in ordinary music, from the simplest musical sign
to the most complex), memorising, sight reading, phrasing, duet playing, ac-
companiments, etc. The pupil Is taught how to listen to music and how to
interpret It. The management cf the pedal is another important item, often
misunderstood and therefore abused.
"The scales, too, though frequently made a bugbear, are in this course cf
instruction reduced to a system at once interesting and entertaining to the
pupil.
"Every possible aid to the student. In the way of example and explana-
tion, is given in each branch of the subject; and also advice as to what music
a child should hear.
"How the child's voice should be trained so as to strengthen It instead of
straining It Is also taken up In practical detail.
"There can be no question as to the practicability of these lessons. Mu-
f!c Is as easily taught in this way. by any one possessing a thorough knowl-
edge of the subject, as are hints In cooking, housekeeping, physical culture
or dressmaking."
The series will be rounded out wjth articles by some widely known
authorities in music.
WONDEBS OF THE HUMAN BODY.
(T2UBSDAYS ASS SATUSDAYS.)
A column or less, twice a week. By W. R. C. LATSOX. M. D.. editor
Health Culture magazine. New York, author of "Common Disorders." "Phy-
sical Training as the Basis of Health. Strength and Grace."- etc.. and others.
' Including Fenton B. Turck. M. D.. a specialist of international reputation
as a laboratory investigator; first vice president of the American Gastro-
Enterologlcal Association and honorary member of ttie Societe d'Urologie,
Among the topics to be treated by Dr. Latson will be the following:
Man a Microcosm of the Universe. — Human body contains every device
known to mechanics and architecture — roll«r inclined plane, levers, pulleys,
hinges, etc.; column, arch, rafters and girders, grindstone, valves, pump, bel-
lows camera, telegraph system, wind Instrument, string instrument, etc
The Filters of the Body. — The tubing, the camera, the Irrigation plant.
The Carriers. Messengers. Soldiers, etc. — The cells, each of which has a
separate, and to an extent. Independent existence.
What the Body Is Made Of. — Contains enough hydrogen to form gas that
would fill a good sized balloon, enough iron to make a dozen nails, enough
sugar to fill a good sized sugar bowl, about ten gallons of water, and phos-
phorus enough to make a hundred boxes of matches.
The River of Life. The blood travels 1SS miles a day.
Ko-jt the Food Sustains Life.
The Breath of Life. The lungs have a surface equal to the floor of a 30-
foot room. etc.
The Human Telegraph System. (A.) The outlying stations. (B.> The
central station. <C>" The three brains, cerebral, spinal and sympathetic.
The Body Poisons.
Statistics of the Body, etc.
SHOP TALK AND SCIENCE CHAT. :
(2SO2TDATS A3TD 7XXSATS.)
1000 or 1200 words twice a week. The principal contributor will be
MALCOLM McDOWELL. long political editor of the Chicago Record, author
of "Shop Talk on the Wonders of the Crafts."
Mr. McDowell has a rare gift for making "shop talk'* on mechanical
marvels simple. Instructive and entertaining to the average reader. In this
series he will explain the mysteries of common thin?* — the uncommon in the
common, and will make plain the Intricacies of current scientific Inventions
and discoveries.
There will be contributions from time to time also by men eminent la sci-
ence and manufacturing, business, etc.
- The following are some of the topics to be treated:
On the Wire Between New York and Chicago. — How the extraordinary
feat of sending four separate messsages East and four separate messages
¦\Vest simultaneously over a single wire is accomplished.
Centennial of the Automobile.
ADVENTUBOUS OB AMUSING EXFEBIENCES OF WELL-KNOWN
PEOPLE.
(STTBDATS.)
About two columns each.
Fiction "isn't In it" with these stories. They are all narratives of actual
experiences which exemplify the proverb that "truth Is stranger thaa fic-
tion." Among the writers are the following:
COLONEL F. T. CUMMIXS. Indian fighter, army offlcer. director general .
of Cummins' Indian Congress and honorary chief of the Sioux Nation.
WILLIAM CHURCHILL DE MILLE. dramatist, author of "The Forest
Ring" etc. and professor of dramatic literature.
MARSHALL. P. WILDER-
GEXERAL MARTIX T. McMAHOX..
SENATOR CHAUNCEY M. DEPEW-
JUDGE XEWBURGER of Xew York.
E WILLIAM FAVERSHAM. actor.
GEORGE GOULD.
JAMES K.HACKETT.
SENATOR THOMAS C. PLATT.
There will b** many additional contributors. Every installment will give
the combination cf a well-known name and aa exceptionally striking »tory,
making a very attractive Sunday feature.
' Subscribe for The Call at once. It will pay you, '. <
AD TnzRTIST. \.TT.inS.
I K O N A I
I CQ FFEE^ I
§ fine. flavor §§
i 1 7 cents pound I
|| 6 i t>0\lfld'S*+l$9 H
I K0M4 KOFFEE KOMPANY I
I i-*s StocktonSfc""' Geary I
H Opposi ffe,> C.ty op P a r i & D ry. O ood <s Co. H
H Phone Bush 510 HTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1903.
10
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
Phone Main 584S.
Leading Employment and Labor AgenU.
1902 we gave - 1903 we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 men work.
ARIZONA
OREGON. * NEVADA.
Southern Paclflo and Santa Fe systems;
free pass
_ On Every Train.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra
gangs, teamsters, hammersmen.
Mines, Tunnels, Quarries.
Miners, all over State, $90 and $82 50.
Stables. Farms/ Orchards. Dairies.
Farm and orchard hands. $30, $35, $40, fd.:
milkers. $30 to $50 found.
Choremen, coachmen, gardeners, etc., $30.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs. $30 to $C0.
Sawmills, Woods—
Laborers, no experienoo wanted, $40 to $70 fd.
805 woodchoppers,
287 tlemakers.
Ail classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc., from $50. $60, $70,>80. $90, $100,
$125 to $150 month.
Cooks, Walters, Porters.
Couks. hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 found.
Walters, city and country. $25 to $45 found.
Butchers,, different Jobs, $40 to $90 found.
Located Everywhere.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country,
many In San Francisco, $2. $2 25.
8 slack coopers, 9c; 5 cabinetmakers.
5 boye, learn trades, $5, $6 and $7 a week.
.Painter and paperhanger, $3 50 day.
STEWARD. $75 AND COMMISSION. "¦
For first-class grill.
Stock clerk, city, $10 week.
Farm hand. Los Angeles district, $30 found.
Pruner. orchard, fare $1. S32 60 found.
Tailor, institution. $20 found.
2 bellboys, first class, $25 found.
Young man, drive light wagon, city, $30 to
$40. .
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay «t
DIAMOND $75 4-horse teamsters.
MATCH $75 You'll suit
COMPANY. $75 Go to-day.
COST YOU $1 , THAT'S ALL.
MURRAY & READY. C34 and 636 Clay 6t
ARIZONA. '¦ ~
55 Italians. Mexicans. BIG WAGES.
65 Austriaas, Spanish. BIG WAGES.
55 Portuguese, BIG WAGES.
Board yourselves: 2 years' Job.
MURRAY A READY. 034 and 636 Clay Bt
FRESNO TO-DAY] ~
28 woodsmen, $40 to $60 found. t
65 laborers for mills n-nd yards. $1 50 day fd.
SOUTH— BEAUTIFUL SOUTH.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 630 Clay at.
ALL FREE FARE.
BIG. GOOD SAWMILL COMPANY.
Donkey boss, $100.
26 laborers, you'll suit. $35 to $85 found.
' 20 woodsmen, $50 to $00 found.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
EL D. CO.
25 laborers. lumber company, $45 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 036 Clay at
12 LINE pullers for woods. $40 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay et.
THIS IS IT. '
20 more men to grade B. L. R. R., $45 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and K16 Clay at
CARPENTERS.
4 carpenters, fare $1. $3 50 day.
8 carpenters, COc fare, $3 day.
16 carpenters, flume work. $75.
12 carpenters' helpers, $3 fare, $67 50.
HarneBsmaker, contractor's outfit, $3 to
$3 50 day.
6 carpenters, fare 70c, $90.
3 carpenters, flume work, fare paid both
ways, t9O; hammer and hatchet men will do.
MURRAY & READY. U34 and 636 Clay at
OREGON COAL MINERS. FRKE
COAL MINERS. OREGON. FARE.
MURRAY & READY. 034 and B30 Clay at.
155 LABORERS—
12 'carcenters' helpers, $3 fare, $67 50.
Italians, Austriana, French,
To ballast and grade track. $45 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
ARIZONA. 903 MILES.
CLOSE TO PRESCOTT.
TO-DAY; $3.
MURRAY & READY. C34 and 63(1 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. OFFICE,
420 Bush at 642 Clay st.
FOR SALT LAKE TRESTLE WORK.
10 carpenters with tools $3 50
Board $4 50 week Free fare
SHIP DAILY THIS WEEK FOR NEVADA.
100 laborers. Boowawe. Ne\-ada $2
10<> laborers. Valmy. Nevada $2
100 laborers, Reno. Nevada %2
J 00 laborers. Fenelon, Nevada $U
Board $4 CO week Free fare
Absolutely Free Fare^or All Above.
. FOR CHICO. BUTTE CO., CAL.
Teamsters, 2 and 4 horse $2 25-$2 50
Rate fare, $2 80 Ship daily
FOR ROLLING MILL. COUNTRY.
Heater and crew, 9-inch guide, 20-inch bar;
regular wages; see boss here.
Concrete foreman who understands laying
cestlron pipe, country, $00; horseshoer, coun-
try, $2 50 day.
10 2-horse teamsters for county work, $1 B0
day and found; man and wife, private place,
country, $30-$33; o coopers, clack work, Uc ;
barrel; 3 strong boys for wholesale house, >3
and $6 week.
Camp cook for large company, |C0. near city;
cook for boarding-house, country, $00; 2 wait-
ers for help's hall, country hotel, $25 and fare
paid; pantryman, country hotel, |40; checker,
restaurant, $40; night watchman, hotel, city,
$30-$35 found; kitchen hands, porters, wait-
ers, pot and dish washers, $2O-$4O; meat !
cook, must be good meat cutter, no baking,
enmp, $C0. * -
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S ES1P. OFFICE,
429 Bush st W642 Clay st.
ALL classes of laundry help wanted for flrst-
class Southern California hotel; west of
wages: fare paid: call and register.
C. It. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
FARMER and wife, $50 and found and in-
crease, see boes In city; carpenters; stable-
boy, $30; 10 — 'oodchoppers for mine, $1 50
cord; coopers: 5 laborers, $2 day; quarry-
men, $2 25 day; porter for bath house, $10
week: watchman for apartment house: Jani-
tor for apartment house, $50; porter, country
hotel. $30 and found; cook and. wife. $80:
kitchen man, country, $30; waiters. $25 and
$30 and found, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., G2S Sacramento st.
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU. 17 Fourth st.
Laborers, steady w.ork. In city.
Reno, Nev.; ship to-day: free fare.
Bough carpenters. Salt Lake: free fare.
4 2-horse teamsters. $50 and found.
3 carpenters. El Dorado County, $2 day and
found. *
Lumber pilera. $1 50 and found: donkey engi-
neer, swampers, spool tenders, timber fellers.
Call early. Lots of new work.
S. F. EMP. BUREAU Phone Grant 2C
AT "E. & B." R. R. Labor Agency.
633 Commercial st
Free Fare — Free Fare.
GO tunnel men, S2 60 to $3 day.
50 muckers and drillers, $2 to $2 60 a day.
100 laborers, $2 a day.
Long Job: eight months' work.
Free fare — Ryndon, Nevada.
"E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY.
\ ' 638 Commercial st
A BUTLER for a private family, $45; a groom
for a private stable, $35 and found, refer-
ences necessary: a second butler for easy
place, $-?3. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter
Bt., nr. Powell; call after 0 Monday morning,
BOY 16 to 18 years to attend soda water foun-
tain; $6 a week to begin; must live with
parent*; German descent preferred. Inquire
after 9 a. m., M. E. DAY, 351 O'Farrell st
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Pastry cook, $70; second cook, $70.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men, between ages of 21 and 35. citi-
zens of United States of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, Rialto building.' New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco, or Masonic build,
ing, Sacramento. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50;best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bldg.. 6 doors from Market
WEAVER wanted; experienced In rag carpet
and'TTlg weaving. Inquire GEO. MATTHEW,
709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
BARBER, good steady 'man. .44 O'Farrell
¦ street. ' ¦
GOOD barber "wanted: ateady Job; union
wages.. 1104 Fillmore St.; call early.
FIRST-CLASS barber at 202 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Walter at New Golden Gate Hotel
' 164 Fourth st. .. :
DISHWASHER wanted. 108 Hayes st.
MEN .to learn 'the barber trade; flrst-class In-
' . structlons guaranteed. 611 Commercial st.
1 OR 2 ; revolving barber chairs. 855. Illinois
/st: state price. • "
BARBERS— 2-chair shop for sale. 1JJ Polk
street.
WANTED — An experienced bookkeeper for a
factory In the country. Address "Experl-
ence." box 2632. Call office.
WANTED— A -Jobbing ; gardener; ; must under-
stand his. business: married man preferred.
• Address P. O. box 576, Eureka. Cal. ¦
TRY our men's shoes, union made. -at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
• express or ¦ mall chr— a, ¦ 11 3d at. Exam. bid.
BARBER trade ¦ taught . in 5 weeks. Address
W. ,C. B.. 647 Commercial st. : .
BRIGHT, active boy of. 16 to 18 for* wholesale
house. Box 735, Call office.
IyOPGISG HOUSES FOR f^f^TTp^Ttl
FOR tale — European hotel; central location: no
agents. A. B. SMITH Furniture Co., 128-132
Ellis ft ¦ - ¦
Must sell, account sickness, 12-room lodglng-
house; 231 Golden Gate ave.; full; a bargain.
SPIRITUALISM. -^
PROF. Fred P- Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy et. nr. Octavla; phone Scott 837.
C V MUjLER'S Mother Sadie seance to-mor-
row eight. 8 o'clock; $1. 1084 Buah st
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
9:30 to 4; teancee 8unday and Thursday.
~ 9 LA1RVOYAXTS ;
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week for
$1 • 51 $1 $1 $1 U »1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
Tbe First Registered Trance Clairvoyant ana
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charg* if I fall to tell you ycur
came, occupation and what you called for;
1 promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false; I tell you
whom and when you will marry; In fact, I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible development In mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; so you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; Sundays. 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell st, 320.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third Bt. next Examiner
bldg.; she reeds your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
?occur in the future; If you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told bow to
overcome them: valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
lnga by mall. Tel. Black 45C9.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
tn. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in peraon; 3 questions answered. $1:
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A — MME. PORTER, edentlflo clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles. 50c: gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a abort time only; wJien others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MIB8 ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c.
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. LEE, palmistry and clairvoyant; hours
9-6; evenings and Sundays by appointment:
readings 50c 305 Larkln st. rooms 17 & 18.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st. near Market.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26H Keamy. room 20; ladies 25c; gents SOo.
PARTHENA. gifted clalr.. Just from East;
wonderful prophetess. 507 Post St., nr. Mason.
Gifted clairvoyant test medium; names given;
ladles only,25c; 2 to 8. 1008 Harrison, nr. 6th
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c. gents COc: readings daily. 132 Sixth Ft.
MME. WALTERS. great card reader; ladies 2Sc.
gents 50c. 051 Mission St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MIPS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
hours 10 to 8. 413 Mason st; no sign.
MRS. GARDNER, clairvoyant eanl* reader.
c:»r.B Minna St.. bet 7th and 8th; hours 9-9.
MRS SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tlnm dally. 448H Jessie et. bet 5th and 6th.
CARPET BEAjmSGAJm^EAJflT^
AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily clearing carpels, on
floor without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid. ; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
anteed. 3c. 1S43 15th at; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlson et.; Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero st; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over.1432 Howard ;South 210.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 3»4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; priceB
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel.Mlsslon 2C3.
CON'KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, room* 9-10; tel. 5580.
OBEPIT CLOTHKEBS.
C F. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes r everything tip to date et cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason et.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market St.,
cor. Fourth, room 7. Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without plates
our specialty; cold crowns, $3 50 up; plates.
$4 50 up. extraction free; office hours, 9
a. m. to ft p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2.
DR. GRUBS, 504-5-6 Callachan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., u*es the Basford Obtun-
<5«r. the only device ever invented for grind-
Ing. Grilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without r-aJn. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
i>R- LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plate*. |S; full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parfors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Keamy, cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt204 Sutter.
A WEEK'S news for 6 rents — The Weekly Call.
Ifi pa— »s. tn wrapper, for mailing. %\ per year.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button A buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
~ ~ EDUCATIONAL.
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian As-
iioclatlon conducts a night school for men, an
engineering echool, an evening law school, a
working boys' night school and a day business
and academic school. Students liave gymnas-
ium and other privileges. Apply at Y. M. C.
A. building. Mason and Ellis sts.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
AYRES," the leading business college, 723 Mar.
ket fepcclal summer cour*« In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
Ehlp, $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln fct.
"A thorough school" ; positions' secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual ia-
etructlon. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory echool
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236
Market st — Practical, progressive, reliable;
di-y and evening se86lons; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutonia Hall, Howard st, sr.
»th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught
A GENTLEMAN teaches privately" young men
and women whose education has been neg-
lected; also foreigners. Call or add. 719 Post
HEALD-S School of Mines * Electricity. 24 Post
st.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. min., mech., sur^
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Vaa
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
KENT - Law School; always open; day and
night. 536 Parrott building (Emporium).
SPANISH.French,ete.Prof.DeFUIppe's Academy
of Languages,32O Post; estab'd 1871;ablest profs
O. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar,
mandolin, banjo. 426 O'Farrell st
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College. 530 Golden Gate
. ave.; full business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION ....Day acd
PARTINOTON'B. 424 Pine St.... Night daas.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or ere.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for S cent* — Tbe Weekly Call.
<Jl% sices, la wranaer. lor mailing, %X per jte*a
THE^CALL
JOgJ P. EPBECKZXS. Proprietor.
itiress ccEffinnlcatiaiii to JQHI McSAUQHT.Kiiaor
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Offloe.... Market and Third. S. F.
E&ltorlal Room* 217 to 221 Stevenson Bt.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week, 73
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) :
DAIXY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 1 year...$8.00
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 0 mos... 4.00
DAILY CALL —By 61ngle Month 75c
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1 °0
-^-r-r^^- f Dally... $S.SO Per Year Extra
KSSF 1^ T Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. Lweekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be forwarded when re-
coested.
Hail subscribers In ordering change of ad-
£resc should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt anfl correct compliance with their re-
fluest
OAKLAND OFFICE.
4118 Broadway Telephone Mala 1083.
BERKELEY OFFICE.
H48 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1*08 O Street, N. W.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS :
Waldorf- Aetorla Hotel; A. Brentano, 81
I'r.lon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Oreat
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Ilouie.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROtt>nSSS....Marquette Build'g
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2«19.">
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. EMITH 30 Tribune Building
XEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night la the year.
BRANCH OFFICE8 :
t27 MoT.tpro— lery etreet, corner Clay; open un-
til 0:80 t>. m.
C00 Hayes street: open until 9:S0 p. m.
«39 McAllister ttx— et; open until 9:80 p. m.
eiS Larkin street : open until 9 :30 p. m.
1941 Mission ttreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until u r. m.
106 Eleventh street; oi>en until 9 p. m.
1006 Vaienc!a etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets:
cp«n until 9 n. m.
ICorthwe»t corner of Twenty-eecond and
Kentucky streets ; open until 9 p. m.
noo Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery -».
No. 16. K. T.. 625 Butter et. — Special
assembly THIS EVENING at 8 SPJj
o'clock. OrdT of Temple. All f raters ««
are courteously Invited. By order of w
tbe Commander. THEO. FROLICH. Rec.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal m
Arch Masons, meet* THIS CTEMNGVy
at 7 o'clock pharp. R. A. degree. /V\
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. ®
M— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING. at^Vf
7:80 o'clock. Tijird degree. Master /V\
Masons cordially Invited. By order of
tbe Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodce No. 127. F. and A. n
M — Called njeotirg THIS DAY W
(MOM3AV). October 26, 1903, at 7 /V\
o'clock p. m. D«-g. 2. By order of
the W. M. L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodce Xo. 260. F. fl
and A. M.. 1SS9 Fillmore st.— Third W
degree THIS (MONDAY) EVENING,
at 7:30 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
TEE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
process from E. C. Kavanaugh and William
H. Dufley. in Phillips mine, near Forest
Hill. Placer County. Cal.. draining into Mis-
eourl Creek, which reaches American River.
and from North America Consolidated Gold
Mining Con-.;iar.)-, In its mine near Glbson-
vllle. Sierra County. Cal.. draining into west
branch of Elate Creek, which reaches Tuba
River, gives notice that meeting will be held
at room 96 Flood building. San Francisco,
Cal.. November 2. 1903. at 1:30 p. m.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
' advice~free] ¦
old established
columbian law & collection agency
Able attorneys. Rm. 85. 916 Market, oppo-
site Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily
cad reasonably. Collections, no matter how
email, attended to; attachments; bonds: fur-
nished; corporations organized; civil and crim-
inal practice. Tel. John C226. Open evgs. by ap-
pointment We solicit an interview with you.
JLDVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorcee a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
O. W. HOWE.
Attorney and Counselor at Law,
Open Evenings 7 to ft Phone Jessie <71L
Office* en Flrct Floor — Rooms 1. 2. S. 4 and 5.
1332 Market St. Between Mason and Taylor.
Almost Opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
TBS LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc. "
Practice in Federal and all State Courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecutions, adjustment*, corporations, pat-
ent*, estates, probate.
Experienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed. Correspondence »»>llcited.
til C11A. CUB Crossley Bldg. Tel. John 2928.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission flu.
BOBT. W. KINO, atty-at-law. Examiner bid..
room €11; ail cases, damans, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc; consultation
tree; no advance- charges; call or write;
•"reniegs by appointment Tel. Red 3601.
JLDVICE free 1 will advance cost In raerttori-
naa ctwi, divorces, probate and all other law
eases; no fees in advance; open every even-
lc«. J. M. THUP.S-ON. 819 Market St. r. 31
Warner Temple, 93 Chronicle big.; bankruptcy,
accidents, probate, matrimonial % labor Hess.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings; tenants
ejected. $5. 916 Marketr.52, phone Black C51.
A. M. EWING — Attomey-at-law. Room 612.
Parrott bldg.: phone South C55.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; qulck.^qulet; open «vea-
Ings. 827 Market st. room 301.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fee* In advance.
AITKEN & AITK.EN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-tL
Chime bldg.. 603 California st: tel. Main 727.
AITVXCE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. P27 Market
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
H pages, in wrappr. for mailing. $1 per year.
AUTOMOBILES.
1903 KN'OX for sale; run less than 100 miles;
r reet bargain. Box 4479. Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
GOLDEN opportunity; could not be better; hog.
chicken and duck ranch near the 7-Mile
House, off the Mission road; everything com-
plete to make all kinds of money; must be
gold at bargain. Box 4488. Call office.
XAISE squabs for market; pays big money on
Urge or small outlay; quick returns; small
•pace; little trouble; unlimited scope; free
booklet all about them. MILFORD PIGEON'-
KY CO.. Bogton. Mass.
THREE-QUARTER Interest In old-established
Importing. exporting and manufacturing-
business, shipping to all parts of United
8tate« and the Orient Box 2C52. Call.
$1000 CAEH, balance same as rent for corner
grocery and bar; less than stock and fixtures*
running 9 years; with two-story cottage 6
rooms anfl bath; lot 25x100. 21st & Dougla'ss.
WOULD like to buy part Interest or whole In
a s< ood -paying business; small town or coun-
try; give particulars. Box 2651. Call.
ei'NDAY, run metal watch and chain; suitable
re— -ara; no questions. 521 Van Ness ave.
RESTAURANT and oyeter house. 108 Seventh
Ft. ; croing In another business.
FOR SALE — IUmedale Exchange; first -class sa-
loon: doing rood business. 142S Market st
GOOD bakery In country town to let- account
c-f other business. 408 McAllister gt
LODGIXG-HOCSES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; bouse for men; rent $140. ..$4000
f* rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
24 room*; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 890
11 looms; good Income; rent $20 850
21 room*; water front; rent $40; lease. 650
J20 rooms; good lease; low rent 6500
67 rms.; apartments ; Western Add. ;rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent
Hotel*, roadhouses. fiats, 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
FOR sale— First -class lodging-house; central
location; no agents. A. B. SMITH Furniture
Co.. 128-182 Ellis rt.
A 7-ROOM bouse; well furnished; must veil at
<*— gi__y_*5™ B> _ *1X l-rtln sU __^ c __j .. ,
HELP WANTED— MJLLE Continue*.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520— Sacramento St— 520
Corner Leidesdorff st Phono Main 1191
GOVERNMENT IRRIGATION DITCH.
NEAR RENO ". NEVADA
15 tunnelmen; ship to-day; $75. _ .
8-Hour Shifts. Lou* Job.
U. S. SENATOR CLARK'S NEW R. R.
SALT LAKE CITY UTAH
100 laborers; $2 day; cheap fare.
NEVADA-S. P. R. R. CO. Work— NEVADA
FREE FARE FREE FARE
CO laborers, $2; board, $4 50 week.
BUTTE CO.— CHICO— SHIP TO-NIGHT.
HALF FARE $1
50 teamsters, laborers, rockmen and tunnel-
men. $67 50 to $82 50. FEE $1.
BIG TUNNEL— NORTH— FREE FARE.
10 tunnelmen. $75; 10 muckers, $60.
' MISCELLANEOUS.
B miners, 8 hours. $90; 3 miners, south, $••>;
8 miners, 80o fare, $75; 6 muckers, north.
$75; 3 muckers. - $67 60; 5 laborers, large
mine, south, part fare paid, $42 found; car-,
penter, mine, boss here, $4, day; 10 farmers, i
all over, $25 to $30 found; 2 choremen. $2«
found; 5 laborers, private railroad, $2; 5
lumber pliers, Truckee district. $2 50 day. no
blankets required; 5 lumber pliers, near city.
9 hours, board home, $2 70 day; 20O men for
mills, woods and yards; full crew for new
box factory; boy, help cook, camp, $20 found;
boy, office, $4 week; cock, boarding-house.
$40 found; -waiters and dishwashers, etc.
Men. call and read our bulletin boards; also
get a free list of Jobs at
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st
COAL MINERS — OREGON— FREE FARE.
20 coal miners, $1 ton. OREGON.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
69 Third st. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
RREE FARE. - ' * -
NEVA DA NEVADA.
RENO. GOLCONDA, RYNDON.
100 laborers, $2 a day; S. P. R. R. Co.'s own
work.
4 men for rock quarry, $2 25 a day.
CHICO, BUTTE CO.
Half Rate Fare. $2 80.
12 teanfeters. $2 50 a day.
10 laborers, $2 25 a day.
15 teamstei— , $75 a month.
Ship to-day; fea $1.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third st
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 25c. 50c
and COc. while you wait at 663 Mission st,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third stT
WANTED — For U. 8. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
w&r in all parts of the world, on land in our
Island possessions, and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.. and
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
A GOOD position is offered to a reliable man
who has a large acquaintance among prop-
erty owners; if a good solicitor, he can build
up a good paying business with a responsible
Eastern company. Address P. O. box 2C94.
SALARY $20 per week and expenses advanced
for a good, reliable, energetic man to travel
for an cld-establlshed house: references and
security required. Box 271. Sacramento, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st : 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED— Night cashier and steward; must
understand restaurant business; sober and
have good references. Box 2654. Call.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers-
Apply room 14, 20 Montgomery st. San
Francisco Construction Company.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st: 1*
years' practice; refererces from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
FIRST-CLASS showcas? maker; also cabinet
maker: only those thoroughly understanding
the trade need apply. 112$ Mission St.
STEADY German: refs. ; tend bar, make hlm-
6elf useful; wine house. 15 City Hall square.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
8. F. Barber School, T41A Howard st
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes: cheap. 239 3d st
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. II. Thomas Post G.A.K.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 33c night; reading rooms;
fcee 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25o
tn 50c. fifi3 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGOfs.
BIG auction sale every Tuesday of horses.
wagons, buggies, carts and harness, 11 a. m.,
¦ at 1140 Folsom st.
HORSE, buggy and harness. $40; donkey, $20;
cart, $12 50; top wagon, $50. 79 CTly
Hall ave. |
HARNESS and raddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO., Inc. the big store.
1145-1147 Market st. San Francisco.
AA — WAGON 7 ft. or one 5 ft. $40 each; sur-
rey or harness cheap. 1S31 Eddy st
A GOOD horse, top buggy and harness for sale.
Apply 3347 Twenty-fourth St.. cor. Bartlett.
FINE young horsrs for sa'e cheap at Twenty-
second and Florida sts.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 327
Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wsgon. light camping wagon
and gorart for rale cheap. 532 Mission st
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, sur-
re».harn^ss.irnrk.drlvlng horses.lSth- Valencia
~~~™ HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery
A HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
ct. on the square.
MODERN residence of S rooms and bath; very
sunny; 3710 Clay st. Apply MADISON &
BURKE, 30 Montgomery st.
VAN NESS ave.. 2104. near Pacific — Modern
house; 10 rooms; rent $70. |
SUNNY house; 8 rooms; $40. 816 McAllister
• street.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
HAYES. 1423, near Park Panhandle — 6 rooms,
bath, larse closet, yard, basement: accom-
modate 4 to 6 adults: desirable. Call 12 to 5.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALS.
MUST sell at once: new furniture of 7-roora
modern flat; sunny; rent $25. Call to-day.
2240 Post st.
HOUSES "WANTED. ~
HOUSE of 14 to 18 rooms, on long lease, with-
in 5 blocks City Hall. Apply 1170 Market
st. room 64. .
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Bull bitch; white with black skin spots:
very friendly; liberal reward. Return to
4228 Twenty-sixth st.
SUNDAY morning on Polk st., a pair of ladles'
eyeglasses with chain. Return to 1919 Polk
St.; reward.
LOST — A Masonic keystone locket. Finder will
be amply rewarded by returning to 132 Cali-
fornia st.
PARTNER In flrst-class saloon. Inquire at
1808 Howard st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. Deeds old
gold and silver tn make new watch cases.
MILLINERY.
LADIES— 200 stylish hats to select from: lease
fold, must vacate February 1. 1904: s«t«
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post
MINING AND ASSAYING./
TAILINGS dump wanted; will buy or work on
royalty; have 00-ton cyanide plant and want
place to put it. Box 2633. Call office.
MEDICAL.
SAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN,
DOCTOR WHITE
TREATS WOMEN ONLY
702 MARKET ST.. room 7. Phone Red S321.
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. . Strictly confi-
dential. Fees within tha reach of alL
MRS. DR. WTETH, ' specialist for all female
complaints: Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 828 Poat st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market »t. opp. 3tt_
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
* this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes 'Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
et. on the square.
RENT $40— To right party, $35; new sunny
flat, 7 rooms; strictly up-to-date; bay-win-
dow; swell neighborhood; see it to-day. 8618
Sacramento st.
A SUNNY cor. 6-room flat: flrst-class in every
respect: 3945 17th st; half block from Mar-
ket; Castro and Elghtenth st. cars.
FOUR elegant sunny rooms with modern Im-
provements in Mission sunny belt. Inquire
1167 Bhotwell st.
ELLIS. 810, nr. Polk — For business purposes; 3
rms.; all conveniences; electric light, power.
ELLIS, 2045. near Devlsadero — Modern sunny
flat; 6 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
NEW flat of 6 r. and b.: cor. 22d and Valencia
ets. ; rent reasonable. D. Coffin, 3303 Mission.
TEHAMA, 336 — Upper flat of 4 rooms and
bath.
2 MODERN flats, 0 and 7 rooms and large
basements. 1610 Bush, nr. Van Ness; $32 50.
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
PLVrSFOR SALE — FURNISHED.
NO reasonable offer refused: furniture of 8-
room flat; boarders. 1031 McAUI»*er st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 5-room corner sunny flat; par-
ties leaving city; cheap for cash. 1)01 Bu-
chanan Et.
FOR sale — Furniture of a 4-room flat. 89 Mor-
rls ave.. off Harrison st. near Sixth.
FURNITURE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4482.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctloneer.1818 Mkt.;tel. Howard 2756.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A COOK for a -fine German family in city, $35;
a cook on a ranch, $30. Bee party In town;
a chambermaid and seamstress for private
family, city, $30; a waitress for 2 In family.
In city, $30; a cleaver for an Institution,
country, $25; a kitchen helper, same place,
$25; 10 waitresses for 2 hours' work on Sun-
. days only, $1 and carfare; a second girl,
willing to axslst with children, $30; a nurse
for Santa Barbara, $30, seo lady here; SO
housework girls for city and country, $20 to
$30. Call at MISS PLUNKETTS. 423 Sut-
ter st., near Powell.
A CHAMBERMAID, Salinas, $25; waitress,
$25; cook, country, $10; second girl, $30; two
second girls. $25; nurseglrl, $25; 6 cooks, $33;
8 housegirls, $30 and $35; ranch cook $30.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
.manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entertnit. now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week -up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary st. room 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc., 12.16 Mar-
' ket st, cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES, 32*4 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A — WANTED — Operators on ladles' and chil-
dren's underwear; good pay. 656 Mission st,
third floor.
A— OPERATORS wanted on children's coats
and woolen dresses; good pay. 656 Mission
st., 3d floor.
A— WANTED — Operators on ladles' waists. 656
Mission st.. third floor.
A — WOMEN wanted to do embroidery work at
home; bring sample. 650 Mission St.. 3d floor.
WETNUR8E wanted. Apply with baby to
DR. LEW1TT, 500 Van Ness ave., 1 to
3 p. m. >
DRESSMAKER for country. $30 a month,
beard and lodging. Apply to-day between 9
and 12 a. m.. 536 Fell st. __^
FIRST-CLASS- finishers wanted. KRAOEN
BAMBERGER. 463 Mission St. '
GIRL frr goneral housework; plain cocking;
a In family; $20. 2C12 Larkln st. ¦
YOUNO la'ly to learn picture frame business,
$3 nk to start. L. E. STRELL. 027 Howard.
GIRL to learn making leaves and flowers and
assist In store. 704 Larkln St. -
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats. 609
Kearny »t.. room 4^
A YOUNG woman to wash silver and glasses
at Brfugse'B Cafe, 70 Third st -
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hvde "t. . i .y i ,
WOMAN wanted for kitchen work; short hours.
272 Brannan st. restaurant.
AN experienced hand wanted for dressmaking.
1235 Folsom st. . -¦."-¦¦.¦-
WANTED — Good restaurant waitress; wages $3
a week; ono day off. 7 Taylor st.
WANTED — Experienced waitresses. 20 Third
street.
TALENTED amateur 'performers. Apply at
Chute3 0 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED— A lady to travel and establish
lady agents; salary not -less than $18 . per
week: expenses advanced; good references
and small cash security required. Box 271,
Sacramento, Cal.,-. ¦ ~
8EWERS wanted on ladles' tailor-made suits,
in factory or at home; also a flrst-class la-
dles' fitter. 2700 Mission, corner of Twenty-
third. BAUER MFG. CO.
WANTED— Finishers and sewers for cloak and
suits: high wages:, steady work. RATNER,.
144 Union square, cpp. Union Square Park. ¦
CIGARETTE makers wanted: learners taken;
steady work; good "wages. The John Bollman
Co., corner Front and Pacific sts. __•
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; gtod wages.
Apply at once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento st. ' - - "¦
REFINED woman by wholesale house. Box
,-¦ 4477. Call office. -.
OPERATORS and finishers - on white shirts.
. ROQERSON'S. 535 Valencia st. ,
FIRST-CLASS stenographers - furnished. Miss
¦" M. « O. ; Barrett. ¦-¦ instructor. ¦ 302 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.'
A . BRANCH office for Call | advertisements and
subscriptions ; has - been established - at 1090
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese- Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offloe, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1C8; expert, reliable help.
IF you want Japanese help, advertise In The
New World, Japanese dally paper, 353 Geary.
CHINESE Employment Office— Beet help at
Leon Seung's. 4UK O'Farrell: teL East 42tf.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — -FEMALE.
YOUNG Swedish girl would like a place in a
email family of 2 or 3; cannot speak any
English, but do /understand some; do not
like a place where there is a big washing;
do not object to some. Please call at DS4
Union st, near Jones; hours from 8 to 11
a. m.. 2 to 5 p. m.
RESPECTABLE first-clans German and Amer-
ican cook; wages -$35: references. 4 Lynch
St., Paclflo, Broadway, Leavenworth. Hyde.
SWEDISH girl would like to do general house-
work and cooking; can give good reference.
Call at 923 Va Howard st.
DRESSMAKER wishes more engagements by
day; good work and good fit warranted; ?•!
per day. 235 Eighth st. '
RELIABLE German girl wishes position as a
cook; wages $S0. Please call at 417 Twenty-
ninth st ¦
A COMPETENT woman nurse would care for
nick or Invalid; terms reasonable. 636 Turk.
A YOUNG German girl wants to care for chil-
dren or do pecond work: carf saw nicely;
speaks no English; expects $15 to $20 a
month. Call at MISS PLUNKETTS office,
425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
DRESSMAKER, coat and suit maker, flrst-
class cutter and fitter; a few more engage-
ments by tbe day In private families; only
the best of work done. E. BARSS, 1024
, Ml be) on st. '
GERMAN girt wishes work by the day to help
out in family; is a good cook and can do
housework; $1 50 to $2 a day and carfare, ac
cording to hours. Address 760 Geary Bt.
REFINED educated lady wishes a position of
trust in 'city or Lob Angeles, or as travel-
Ing saleswoman for repponslble house; refer-
ences given. Box 2649. Call office.
YOUNG Swedish woman not afraid of work
wishes any kind of work by the day. Call
or address 233 California ave., between
Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth sts.. off Mission.
APPLY at 520 Bush St. for a flrst-class cook
on meat and pastry; hotel or restaurant;
best of 'references. H. W.
YOUNG woman wants work evenings in restau-
- rant, boarding-house or hotel. Address box
4490. Call. ¦
ENGLISH young lady desires engagement as
nurse, or will do upstairs work; no washing
or scrubbing. Box 3498. Call office.
POSITION as traveling companion or chaperon
by middle-aged lady. Address A. C. D., Oak-
land. Cat
TO photographers— Position by a lady capable
of taking entire charge of a studio. Address
W. W. P.. Oakland. Cal.
WANT ads and eubscrlDtlons taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st _—_—————————.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
CLERIC experienced, used to" bookkeeping,
epeaks German, Danish, Swedish and Norwe-
gian, seeks a lasting position; good wages;
1 drop postal. 223U Fifteenth st.
BARBER, young man. wants position for even-
lngs and Sunday. Box 4491, Call office.
GARDENER. flrst-cla«s. single, of long ex-
perience In landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouse work, wishes a situa-
tion on a private place; references. Box
4485. Call office. ¦
A REFINED old gentleman, eminently respect-
able, good habits, unlncumbered. desires a
position as companion to an elderly gentle-
man or lady, or both. Address P. O. box
2073, San Francisco. -
GERMAN. 32 years, excellent character,
speak3 English fluently, willing to earn his
money honestly, steady position in or near
city. Box 4483. Call office.
LINOTYPE operator, competent machinist,
wishes situation; day or night shift; experi-
enced In Job work; can care for several ma-
chines. Box 2045, Call. ,
WANTED — Position by a middle-aged man
with business education and business experi-
ence; long experience in handling men. Box
4471, Call ofllce.
¦
POSITION wanted by a reliable coachman in
the - country; thoroughly understands his
business: all-round man about place; good
references. .Address L. S., 650 Howard st.
GERMAN grocery clerk, stock clerk and book-
keeper, 30 years. 3 years In country, speaks
and writes good English, wants position.
Box 4476. Call.
WANTED — A position to help in kitchen by a
good Japanese boy; $10 to $15 per month.
Address KAI, 528 Stevenson St.
WANTED — Situation as man about place;
gardener; can drive; handy with. tools; ref-
erences. Box 2847, Call. J"- '-%.
POSITION wanted as engineer by sober, re-
liable man; 10 years' experience. Address
728 Howard st.. room 3.
WANTED — A position as fireman In factory or
shop; good references for past 6 years. V.
' MON'TOYA, 303 H Davis St. -
YOUNG man wants position as clerk in cigar
store; can give reference. Box 44S1. Call.
A COACHMAN and gardener; alt-round man;
good references. Bex 2646, Call.
A YOUNG man wtfits to learn the automobile
- business; paid while learning. Box 2634, Call.
PAINTER wants work by the day or contract;
has all tools. 713% Minna st.
JAPANESE boy, gentle and honest, wishes
'situation as schoolboy;, speaks English and
understands housework; give me answer by
letter. Address N. H.. Y. M. C. A.. 121
Halght st. i ,:..,:-
JAPANESE boy wants a position as schoolboy.
HATSUTORJ. S07 Polk st. \-.- . ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1003
Valencia gt.
* FINANCIAL. ~~
4 PER CENT to 6 PBR CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
¦ . . ••¦¦• Bonds,'
Bank and Trust Company Stocks, -
Selected for conservative Investors.
Writ* for Information, to
HEAZELTON * CO..
8tock and Bond Broken,'
*. . .„ HaywanX Bulldlwr. .
' v £*** jFraacJaco. Cal,
_IED2CA1>— Continued. -_
BB" O W. "aDolorELL--All whoTrTTicV or
in trouble consult this specialist on feraali
complaints; positively corrected; the un for .
tunate- helped: the most difficult cases treat.
ed; advice free, Ofnco. 1018 Market st/*"
MRS D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Retiabl« l^j^.
specialist; a private home befor* and during
confinement; best medical care; low tatm.^
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HSIU3?.
original method of treatment. 1128 Market ts.
DR. ROSEN resides 2993 Folsom St.. cor. 26th;
ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. opro«it»
Union square: all diseases cored by herba.
MISCELLAXEOCS — FOR SAXE.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. MclN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 185-197 Fremont st
FOR sale— 1 small steam heater. 1 compressor
or boiler. 1 25-horsepower gas engine, 1 lo-
horsepower gas engine. 1 8-borsepower boiler.
For prices and information regarding above-
and Inspection of same, call at YVHITTIEK-
COBURN CO.. 20 Fremont St.. S. F.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite ; In roU» easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over o!a
Iron, tin or shinglea; best for new roofs.
ELATERITH ROOFING CO.. 713 Maxkat at.
2D-HAND machinery boilers, engines, pumps.
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, solil.
rented and exchanged; see Sunday paper*.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beala st.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Keamy St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to rooa.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Tov-
ular Price Hatters. S30 Kearny st.. neat
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
eta WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 SO pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; wa pay expreM
charges. 11 3d St.. tw«— » bid.: catalog, fre-j.
LARGEST runts and other pigeons; trained
Irish setter. 2141 Linden st. Oakland.
BEST Burbank potatoes. $1 15 the sack de-
livered. Phone Grant 70; write, call. 115 Mkt
A VERY fine diamond over 3 karats for £M3
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
3 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand: *i\
sites, new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second band machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFO CO.. C19 Market st.
SAFEP — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. »417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EC-
GENE R1LEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and sons slides. 109
Monrgomery at.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BSCK
A CO.. 122 Market st
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs ;hammocks.
metal beds. mattresses. J.F.Hotter, 712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, suppilea. moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 MX?.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all slaea. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montyy.
MISCELLANEOUS WAJIT3.
I PAY hlshest prices for all kinds of caat-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought H. C. HOL_rES.
1149 Market at ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TXLTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st ; tel. Jessla 2S31.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal. -
2O Stockton st.: ohone Bush 4*4.
NO.M3Y TO LOAJtf.
AAA— HEP.MAN MURPHY. ~"~ ~~*~ ~~
601-eO2-G(XI Examiner bulldlss.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT; SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st. 2d and 3d mortgages SAN
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE In
probate; send full particulars of property: no
answer otherwise. Box 2498. Call office.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge' of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. Na-
tional Credit Co.. GS and 6t> DonoOos build-
ing. 1170 Market St.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtala
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S
Market st ; teL Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; largest business la
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. calces advances to re-
sponsible salaried people, confidentially; sew
and simple plan; easy Installments. Rooa
60. Academy of Sciences. 819 Market »t.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid.. teL Main 7iH.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov- *
al. no commission, no publicity ;$23 up; quick,
private, confidential. 23 Montgomery, nn. 1.
M. JACOBSEN & CO., room 621. Emma Spreck-
els Building, loans money on real estate and
all other securities; confidential; low rates).
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE 103 Grant avfc.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONET to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
TO salaried people without securit>; on fur-
niture, indorsed notes and other security.
Si F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
YOU can borrow more money on your furniture
than any other place In city; no commission.
612 Parrott building; phone South $55.
ON furniture, piano; no removal. E. W. LICK.
10C3 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 703 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bids,
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; nb removal
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 8 Eddy at., floor 4*
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
STAR " «»n Co. of Wyoming loans money ta
ealarVHl employes. R.Sll.Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
A BARGAIN LIST IN USED PIANOS.
1 Richmond upright, walnut case $;.'>
1 Dennlston 2PO
1 Sterling, cpright grand, fancy case... 2.V)
1 Lester, fancy mahogany 273
1 Baby Byron Mauzy 3Wi
1 Sohmer & Co.. walnut case -»0<>
1 Cecillan Piano Player 200
1 Pipe Organ, "new" 1500
Artistic tuning, careful moving, hishest
grade repairing our specialty .
BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE. "^
We pay no rent, as we own the bulletin?.
The only reason we advertise is to let you
know we rent the best piano In the city for II
per month. Now we can sell you one Just taa
tame. Our expenses are so very much les»
than other firms, why not Investigate our price*
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and sav«
from $75 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT -CURT.\a
PIANO CO.. 560-62-64 Hayes st
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap pianos,
as they are seldom satisfactory, but we have
pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please the most critical. Our b-*c
sellers are the Behr Bros.. Baumelster and
Schubert. THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MUSIC
CO.. 769 Market st.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $50
up, including such makes as Chickertr.g,
Vose. Kroeger. Curtaz. KIrkhain. Pea.-f.
' Hardman. ' Marxhall & Wendell. Baus ani
others. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 1» O"Far-
rell st. No branches In San Francisco.
BAN* Instruments: F. Bcsson. Paris, maker;
Gns Malwald. Agt Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrei;:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway. upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keefte's,2S5 CFarrel!.
A RARE chance: a Hornung Broa.' upri?: 1 .*:
little used; must be sold. 216 McAllister st.
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegant hi£a
grade upright 18 McAllister st
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture d!rt-
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1639 Market st
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
SUPERIOR vlollnsi zither*, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AJTD STORES TO L£T.
DESK room for lawyer or business maa. til
Parrott building; phone South 655. __r
STORE with large basement: below Kearsjr^
St.: rent $30. Apply «38 Clay st.. 1W *•
PAJ»ERHAXGl?fG. PAIXT1XO. BTC...
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up: tlntla*. palatlBjf-
Haxtmaa Paint Co., 819 3d at; t«L Mala
' In Jewelry, to get nice things-
Fobs, watches, chains, lockets or rings —
Do not neglect to look through all
Ad columns of The Daily Call.
The enterprising merchants know
That folks who want things always go
To The Call's store news, where they learn
To many an honest penny turn.,tlXth Meridian— Paeiac TSae.)
I BAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 23. 5 d. m.
Tbe following are the seasonal raiafaUs to
: date as compared with these of «ame date last
[ season and rainfall ia tact twenty-foor hoars:
Last This Last
Stations — 21 hours. Seasoa. Ssasea
! Eureka ..*. 0.C0 3.24 2.IS
Red Bluff. <MX> 0.44 3.W
Sacrament© ».C0 0.14, l.«7
San Francisco O.OO 0.17 1.70
1 Fresno #.CO 0.C»> *.42
'. lnrtepen)denc« 0.CO Trace O.5S
; Saa Lois Obispo O.0i> 0.C2 2.CO
I L.» Aageles 0.O) 0.43 ».Z»
} Saa Diego -¦ O.CO 0.C8 O.&j
THE COAST RECORD.
: I • II 1 1 °! <I I
STATION. if- ||"|3 2*3 f^, %
i Baker J».2O €H 3S NW Clear .d>
Carson .......30.10 H 38 ¥ Oear .CO
Eureka JO.I6 « 32 SW Foggy .CO
Faralloa ..... 30.10 €6 54 NW Clear .00
Fresao J».N SO 4S SW Clear .00
! Flagstaff 30.14 68 2S E Clear .CO
Indep«ui<-aee 30.08 74 4S SE • Clear .COi
Los Angeles. .30.CO 88 6O W Clear .C«> f
ilt Tamaipai3-3O.14 «4 52 "-N Clear; .Coi
; North Head... 30.1* 6« — SE .<Wf
Phcwnix ..... .23.93 88 32 NW Clear .CO?
i PocateUo. Ida-30.20 74 34 S Clear .09 f
Portland 3U.14 €S SO NW C1«tr T. I
Point Reyes... 3O.«7 « W NW Fo^ST .00 !
Red Bluff. .-- .-W.C* 75 50 NE Ct«ar .€0 \
Ro«Mfburjr* 30.10 72 44 W Clear -.«Of
Sacramento ..5O.W 7« 3O N Clear .€O
Salt Lake 3O.I? 66 4* W Clear .OT
Sa-t Franeisco.30.1* 6.S 52 W Clear .00
S. Lv Obiipo..30.C6 ; W 3O N Clear .CO
Saa Diego.... 29.3S 74 5-S NW Oear* .00
'Seattle ..30.20 63 3O E Clear . T.
Spokaa* .....30.M 60 3S NE Clear .d>»
Tatcosh ...... 3O.14 56 4« E Pt.CIdy.Oof
Walla Walla.. .30.16 70 4« NW 'Clear .«>?
Wlanemacca. .80.14 74 34 N , Clear .00 '
Yaa» ........ C».*4 *) C E Clear r .CO
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has remained nearly stationary
ever the western half of the country. As yet
there: are aa indications of tae approach or a
mtorcL A stagaaat hl«h area overlies tae coun
try west of the Mississippi.
The temperature has fallen slowly la South
ern California, aad has risea eight degrees or
more over Oregon aad Washington. Afternoon
temperature* la t&e raisia district were as a
rotp below SO decree*. I
With the exeeoUOB of a trace" at Seattle
n» rala h*« fallen ta the-L'nited State* west of
the Rocky Mouatatas. ' -
Forecast made at San Frascisco for tifrty
heers eadias midairht. October 2«:
Nortaera California— Fair. Monday, except
possibly showers on extreme northern co*st:
ligst nortiserly wiad ialaad; fresh aoutawest
wtod oa tie cc**t- \ -.
Socthern California— Fair Monday; Ugat
acrtherly .wtod. .. . - ¦" . - . . .
Nevada— Fair Monday.
San Francisco aad vtciaity— Fair Monday
with ' lot . in the merniag aad at otybt: light
scutheriy, changing to brisk westerly wiad.
;A-"G.^licADIE, District Forecaster.*
&»nator W. A. Clark of Montana is said
to be a ereat admirer of a rug. for which
he paid J10O.COO In Europe, but he admits
beiar unable to tell "the right side" of It
to save hi* life. This rumor comes con
currently with that alleging that another
millionaire has bought a large consign
ment of boffus cartos. i
X. bundle containing wearing apparel
and other articles was found early yes
terday mornlngr on Fifth street near
Brannan by Policeman P. Hammond and
turned over to the property clerk at the
Hall of Justice. It Is thought that It
may have been dropped by a thief oa
seeing the policeman.
May Be Tbiefa Plunder.
Weather Report
The officers of the auxiliary are: Presi
dent, Mrs. 1*. A. Blckell: v;ce presMent.
Mrs. John J. Xeely; recording secretary,
Mrs. George Barron; f.r.anc:ai secretary.
Mrs. Hod Pa'yne: treasurer. Mrs. C. A.
Buchanan; guide. Mrs. J. P. Brady; trus
tees—Mrs. Van Sandt. Mr*. L. Sehnitzer
and Mrs. Eaves.
The Woman's AtrxIIiary. Xo. IS. cf th»
San Francisco Typographical Union, Xo.
II, win hold its first social and dance at
Union S<?uare Hall, on Post street, near
Powell, to-cls-ht. Assisted by the mem
bers of the union, the ladies Wkxe made
complete arrant^ments for the affair,
and a pleasant time is assured all who
attend.
The affair will be managed by the fol
io wlnsr committee: Mrs. James P. dwell,
chair mart: Mrs. John J. Nerfy. secretary:
Mrs. Georgre Barroc. Mrs. Grant Mcnson.
Mrs. John Collins, Mrs. C. A. Buchanan.
Mrs. J. P. Brady. Mrs. Phil Johnson, Mrs.
H. C. Pierson, Mrs. C FIske. Mrs. D. S.
White. Mrs. J- M. Scott and Mis* D. D.
Dennis. -S' : .' : A
Wcman'3 Adjunct to the Typograph
ical Union to Sold an Inter
esting AfPair,
pleasant sociax to be
giveh; by ait auxeliaby
Tb« 3-year-old 903 of Es5*=e D.'Pcirire.
residl=s at 1033 Tcrk st.-ert. yesteniar
seized a cupful cf carbolic acid his
mother had left en the tafc'» a=d ygrallow
ed a portion cf the contents. The Uttle
fellow's crlea attracted the attention cf
hl» mother, wty? hastened to hia side.
The child was taken to the City asd
Cocnry Hospital for treatment. It la prob
able that the child will dte.
Child Drinks Carbolic Add.
"thief TViitnian received a dispatch yes
terday mornirig from Saerii? Le-srts C»
Hoover of Co^mbus. Ohio, that he in
tended ccming here at ence to take back
John K. Brown, and would arrive here
en Tfesrada>. Brown Is the conscience-
Btrickes cashier of the Union Banking
Company of New Holland. Ohio, who de
faulted for C£5jal> and surrendered hi=i
»elf to the police her? last Friday.
Sheriff Coraing fcx Brtrwn.
According to reliable private reports, the
condition of internal affairs In Bulgaria
Is alarming. All of the revolutionary
bands which were operating in Ea3tera
Macedonia, have returned to Bulgaria. The
streets of Sofia are thronged with insur
gents, who beg for food and shelter. It
Is feared that these Insurgents wtll create
disturbances in the country before long 1 .
unless a decided improvement ts effected
in Macedonian affairs. The Bulgarian
Government is said to be demobiiizina' its
reserves with great reluctance, and ai>
prehensions are expected in many <v&ar
ters that the Turks will take advantage
of the situation and attack Bulgaria at
about the tiiae of the approaching elec
tion, when the Bulgarian Government will
be obliged to send the reserves to their
homes.
VIENNA. Oct. S.— Two Bulgarian mis
sionaries, named Furnajleff and Popoff .
are about to leave here to make a tour
of the United States to raise funds for
destitute Macedonians. They are gradu
ate* of American colleges, the former
having studied at Princeton and the latter
at Hamilton. N. T. %
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. S.— It is re
ported here that Loufft P»«ha. Military
Governor of the provifice of Axlr. on the
R«d S«a, j a&d ad joints*; Yemen. Arabia,
committed suicide In despair because th«
GoTennnent at Constantinople Igaored
his repeated demands for reinforcement*.
This refusal to send aid wa» followed by
a-greneral rising In Axlr. In which the
'Governor of the province was killed aad
a ; battalion of troops annihilated. Rein
forcements are now being 1 sent.
Rising in Azir Follows and
» Battalion ofTroops Is
Annihilated.
MOVTLLE — Arrived Ort 2* — Stmr CnEombta.
from Xew Term. f=r CluiaTr: itxr Partsiaa.
from Monuval and Qu*iec. te Liverjool. aa<J
beta proc'eded.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 24— St=sr Sari=
iaa. from Montreal./ viJL V»_
Sailed Oct 2i — Stsa- Coriattiaa. far Moat
real, aad pass-*! Inistrahal Oct 23.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrive<l Ort Strcr Fl=-
U-.i. froc*. Antwerc. far New Tirit. (Steering
t-aj tlLeasIed; wta proc*»<! whea T-raired>
«aHe«t Oct 2* — BCW Maltke. from Kiatar?.
for Xe«T Tcrk. vta Chertcars; stmr Frtedsttca
der Grosae. froai Bremen, ftrr New Tarf
BOCLOGXE-SCR-MZS— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr
Rattertan, frcia Ectterdas^ fcr. X*w Tir*.
asd passed Rjasby H*a<J.
QITEiCNSTO^rN — Sai>d Oct 23 — Stsir Etr=
rla. from Ltverpocl. f?r Xe-ar Tori.
LOJCDOX — Arrived Oct 25 — sstmr K*emi=.
from Taconsa. via HSom. Tokabaaaa. H:=3
kon«. V" 1 '*. Siasapcre. Cciomtoo and Mar
seilles. ¦• -*- -
XAPLE3— Arriv«.l d:t 24 — St=tr Vascuuier.
froa Bcstctx. via St Michaels, for Geaea.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Oct 23— Scir C«T3-
OCE-VN- STSAlirP.S.
ARRIXHI>-
S inday. October 23.
Star Gipsr. Letaal. 2» hours irns M33ter?7
aaS way porta.
SAILEI>.
Ssiaday. October 23.
Stmr Grace DcHar. OUec Saa Pedro.
OXTTSIDE. BOITNT> C'. 12 MIDXIGHT.
Scar Wte* and Wlac
DOMXSTIC POST.
Late Shipping InteHigeace.
His Appeals for Rein
forcements Are
. Ignored
TURKISH PASHA
COMMITS SUICIDE
NUMBERS
—OF THE—
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
Tte sufc*eriSe-3 tart^ar sx:s«rr!*?(l the »*»ot»
<ir»wiB5 of tlie Ictrrry .?f ti»ff>aeC««n.Tia Pub-
Uca hereby e-nify tlMt ih* liiov- 19 aa exact
eepy cf ti»* stunNrr* w!iieh »«• Oils dor ln*a
from tl» <O.<XO placed In the wfci»*£ wiTix tS«
pi'li*» cut r "»».cn»iiag u> tlsest. \i r ?tr»»a car
tir-rti •• the City of Mrsico t&i3 22J~-iay of
October. 1>A Jose 31- <Je t» Vesa. T^ea3sry
Departswst : U. B»ssv:t!. masajer; Isaa B.
CisteUo. iaterreacr.
Apfroxisatfcs prises: ICO etesSk-j ft"K3
1^2*7 to 1S347 Isctristre. ixligr SO irssaber* ea
c«ch «!*• «* tit* sastier dri'-rixr? capita! pftza
of !«.««. »O>.
1C« cc=ib«rs torn 2CC81 to 29O1. teeJustr^.
bct=« 5*> nti=ifaer» on each aide of ti« B=srb*r
drawtry easital prrxs of r».W>. »*>.
10* Bssaiwr* fran 57tnt t» 57191. ttcJ^aiir*.
b«!rj SO caaib<»rs ca each sirl? of nssiter
cL-awtrj ca^tUl prt» cf nO.CTO, K9-
TenafSAl prlxw: T*50 rir=aber» «ra»i=« wtB*
97. ttbr tie 1*« two Cyar^s of t5<» n-irsber
drawlas the captraS prise of J.».CC*>. *23-
T99 n=b*r« ecdl=ar wtti 4t. b*t=st the last
two Csnr-s of ti* co=i>?r drawi^s :ie : \; :a:
No. Prt».[ K<x F*t*9.I Xa. T^tss.
•7133. J... 2e«7137. 2» 1573*0...".. Ut
87339 li»*«nfil 10fii>«78a2 28
S7*7S 2!><SC3t« . 20*.©*lll>..... 2t
«832-> 20t«sraS..... 1C».«S<22 24
•?«>3» •_"¦ -:-~>v< 40^S*7«>..... 26
kO>'~1 4' 'Z.">Z 20"5*29«l 45
«33D4 2»>SK2l 4Oe0««l> 4«
«ece 2&«»7:a xuwtss 2»
«38S3 2f.»3 : «iS9!» 2s>5B»S* 40
7»*»jo ih».t»a;o i«>7«^=» ie«»
7KS<* 4«V7C3i* 2 ¥ >7*^S>5» 4O
7s^!« 2>7C6C0 2?>7.>«<l 2l>
70773 2t»7«Ml 20t71«»l 4O
71133 . 20(71229 4O- 71240 1 . . . . . 4»>
712*3 20(71380 2O-T137»..... 4»>
7TG9 23m'O4 -2i>71^M....i- 2»
71901 20(7287« 2W72EWJ 4O
72133 401723SI 4D*727^ 4t»
7*314 2i«4TKM...".. 40»737« ' 4>>
73911..... 40t7^SI* 2s*7334»>..... l©i>
7*133 f-i 7il-^> 20<74ir»..... 4O
74337 40(74313 10O.74-4J9 ICO
74*95 2OT4T49 4O>7**CS 3»»
74ST7 20 74942 23!7«»4 S»
73C31 20731SO K*>73229.^.. 4»
734.T1..... 2&73«iT5 4»>7irJ2 .. 40
75773 20-737?! 2r>7SX32 29
7«M 5«*)^«i5 297S1»» 1O>
7«445 *17C» 2i>7*f:i 2O
T«ffl» 2!ii78«22 2»7«T» 3>
T«731 10O7«S33 4T-.71S.T!* ICO
7f»M TiTTCSZ MTHTT3S7 2O
77303 4O7747* ieO7733e 20
773K» 4077763 4©T77W »*
77?C» 2*7ntl2 +>77331 20
77307 20 7*125 1<>»7*:2»..... 10O
7S3I3 20>r-G23 Utt7V3» 29
T51442 Sf>7*tSHS 2f>T*<24 29
r*««J 40-7HS73 4O-73C73 4©
731» 2»*T3K12 iet>T9.->O 4O
79333 2O-7»>tti3 2^-737*7 20
7S731 TV73&O 2& 73332 2SO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL. MONDAY,^^ OCTOBER 26, 1903.
(Class "X.")
City of Mexico, Oct 22, 1903. j
-* "
No. Prtte.S No. Prixe? No. PrUe.
49..... 2U; 75 »i 1S« *>
*» 2l« SOS SH 5M »
575 20i 633 *•> 720 **
729 ISO? 10O7 2O : 131» M*>
144» 20j 1S1* 2Ot 15i» *J
iu3 2c; itto av. itos *o
20U2 20* 2»* 20; 2124 *J
aw ah 2133 *o>. zv» 2
2204 IOC 223* 20J «» »
3413..... 40t J543 » 2524 1»>
2713..... ~40; 2T32 20* 2C4 »
297S 20j 23*1 40i 3330 J»
33C6 -kH 3*«> 20> 3835. *»
3ti4O 40* 3»»> *> 371» ?*
3767 50{ 4fl37 40- 4*» v --- ,»
4430 29* 4431 20{ 4430 SCO
453S..... 20t *ZSV 4» *»T..... 23
4«20 40^4772 201 4S2t.;... J»
43*O 100- 43T2 2O 3«>i« 2U>
I 5011 ICOi 3433 40-/5447 '40
I 5504 . 40. 3^4-5 2O 5»> 40
. 5«53«* »>! 580» lew SJ1O IuO
V iffW 4O 5*97 4»> «*2 *O
e23T -fOi «S*4 2<K "SSi4 4»
j <M1» ft* ««2 4(Ji-64aO. 2O
t 4«K2 29! CT30 iOi CH9 tt«
7C23 40i 7031 40- 7W« *>
! 71M ICO' 7271 25> 7313..'... 40
f 7375 201 7123 » 7«C5.,-.. »
t 7864..... 2© 7*74 2* 7S3» 4O
f 7»*O . IWV SOS 2CO: 5122 49
92*&:.... 20i &4O* 4Cr »M» 2O
S55<* ICOt 53*1 4a «71 1M»
s*rr 2or sm uwf «» — . 40
«M» 2W s»7S *>t W82 5O>
9130..... 2* »1« . 20< 92» «
\ S*» lCJt S327 2i> «*4 20,
i »Vfi S0» »01 20^ MC« . 10O;
j »^J* " 26f »(5S7 20* Sill 2O
[ 9T43 40 t>744 20 »7*4 20 i
t *»U *Oi »<« 1CC ; IO«>S7 4Oi
. I«tOl 23UC412 20.IC-421 2O ;
;iC*23 »W7l« 20ttOT3« 20,
f lC573 ZOilCOm *>1C317 20
now 20!now 2o.nes» 20!
11124..... »JOailS«..... 200111247 20 :
¦ 1XJS9 20; 11374 20-114W 29
11444...:. 29^X305 SHlMM....'. »
• 11T82 4<M13<« 1CO(113»4..... 40
; 12«54> 2&.120M 20 IV** 2O
¦ 49T12»« 23tl22*> »
j-tSSSO..... 40I12UI2 2*127*2 »
12S3S 20.12S30 20 12923 2C0
13019 40113144 2Xi«>1323j* 100:
IZSli 20ll337» 6CKX13347 20
. 13M1 »fl3372 20»»:2» 2»i]
(13734...*. 4O-13&5.1 4O14A* 20 1
; l»0«l 20tIi3&* 20114335..... 20;
144*3.;.... Vrjfcz&i 2C<?:14724 2» ;
t«T40 ' 2014322 26 U*« 2O i
[ixo*.:?.. so'isirr toanssa..—. - 40
1 13381 2» 13479 4Chl331S l^O .
tl5523 2&13379 100<l»5S 20:
15740 10CM3SS3.'.... TSlSaCi 50
L1J92T -VklZSCi 4*16214 4t» ,
i 1«21S 4*1<52»7 8GO»' 14536 2S ,
, i*v» lire :«?¦;<-«¦> »i«3i...... «oj
1«336 2O<ieS95 20ii©O2 40 j
lesia 2C;iessi 40-iea&i. 2Oj
17187 ; 20-17201 2017251..... 4*1
1737» 20-173** 40!1733«...,. 20 j
l$Wt.:..f XWiWl**! " 20ll»lSI 20
¦xasi : 4«isn» 40*15.187 ;2o
t 1*47* 2O154S0 4<n«31 40;
| 1S377 40il?«Ci« lCO^il'5732 ICO i
r I«8-i3 2*t»l». 20rl«232 »
fl923o 40>' 19263 40»ia297 40
i 19330 20-1S33* 20fl«7T* 4«
' 1*422 20<19«i»» 2»1*7<» 40
119707 2O1S737 40-19779 20
19SS3 4*,- | .
f 2C«->01 20i2C227 40 2031* lOOi
| ZiTn* 2C2Ci«4 w 40 2O3.S 40 j
2C*4l 20CCO;?>5i3 40'2077S 40 i
i 2CO71 2«i21CJ>..... 20<21C*4 ICO
i 2T2M 4fl?2l342 lfl*2171» 20
{ 21<«4 • 4O21SC* 4*21382 '. 4O
t 22C2S 20'22MJa 20>223C7 4O |
, 22S52 20i22t72 20 22329 SCO j
; 22553 4O'22iC« 4022*3 2CO
f 22«S2 4fr227?l 20.22*30 20
; 22917 1M 22043 10«22*50 40
; 3123 4S23U3 2&23233..... »J
' EC42 4C!2S371 ICOXttSS 2O1
' 2341S 2&2M30 4>?23341 .V»
' 2*»«9 2W242W* 20.2*29* 2O
124311 1CO-.24329 101*24372 M>
24413 2C/24373 2O-4t»4 20
; 24«1 20"2«6« 2&23.S3 »
2JC25 4.T 21173 2025312 40
2M73 20^22614 4023724 20
2Qt64..;.. 40|2^:W 4*2047 20
!«V. 2C!2SC1« 2&f2JS«a4 20
j Zt£$S 2O<2«773 2O;2S773 20
liesa 20T272C7 2&2T443 It* |
I 27*73 2*27322 4<*27i»2 2CO |
; 27*>7 2O277HJ 20>2TS4<i 40 !
: 2SCS2 2a2Sl2S 1W2W21 2%
i 2SS08 2O23C«> 1W2D2M 190
; 2S427 2O.2M74 2D,2»7O4 20
' 237SJ 2«23852 4C : 2S?90 20
•; 2304ft 2CO30112 40-"3C244 10©
ooces 20-3e3*« sokktw 20
' 3C7T-1 4030>»* 40s3C8l«..... 4t>
t3C97«..,.. 20,'31(n4 4Oi3im5 2»
F S1M7 20<H223 2O312>«..... 2O
(313m 2fe314Sd 20'3t52S 2»
r 313«e 20)31"!** 40»317.t3 20
31773 20*32013 20{321S* ICO
; 322M 4032334 4&32S7« 40
1 327CJ 40!327«7 40i32»S» 40
; »H3 201331** 4O33243 ISO
5 33231 . 2tKB«3S !'"<> .tj^vj 20
j .•a7i* 2»33S44 40.33W* !«•>
{•^CWl 2O33930 10O341« 4<>
[»4ii(>...i. 4rt..i4J+* 2OI34CC8 20
,0?** 4034C77 29i347>* 23O
[ K22i 4a332SS 20tS*5 ICO
33*503 2053724 20:357*2.... 20
«W2 ldK3«l!» 2*382*1 SOO
I 3«OS> 4O;3«!379 2O3«410 20
3«»78 20-3WW1 2CriMSa» 2»
( 37<»* 20^37110 40C372** 2O
37340 Sm37423 4ft3751». . . . I »
37r=» 2oo7«« toS&mull.. 20
\3r;#> 1»*37**2 20\T7«37 ht
3Ts*l 2037909 2OM7914 h
a«W5 9US313 203SJ41 »
3S34»..:.. XW3S381 20O**C3 SO
3S429..... 20{3S3«4 2»;3S5fi3 »>
3>«1 40I33C13 2033213""* 4ft
3a37S 48I3O5W 20 S»*12" 2I>
3&U0 2O3352S 2O«3»t*II..I -0
»^ £S ;3! "" 1VO:337» 40
4f<&..... 20'401*3 404C272 »
4O77 29i4«M 20407M.."! »
407^0 40<40«« 40!tCM4 »
4«30 4O«171 1CO-41274 40
414ft* 40;41434 2O : 41434 . . 2O
«W 20415.X 20a41C45 4O
I 41S73 20*41779 "10O42CSO -»
1 42C&* 4O>42r«t 20"42123 1<»
42322 20'42454 20'424S7 -9
42T53 -4> *»»..•... 1CO!4237» 20
4tt»S..... -1C0I42CM..... 40C3Q 40
4TW5 20t«2IK 4<>43*03 40
43410 2Ci>.(3*ie 40*332* 4>
43S» 2O>4.1713 20f*37SS 40
43*28..-.. . 20"*40O> 200444232 4O
442Sfl 2»'443S« 2V444C2 »
44413 2<>'M*33 2O44531 2O
! 44235 2Oi44-'5« 2044C10 2O
|44«7 20*44733 20 44791 4<i
IWM 20i«««« 2&449C4 *>
443O7 2O 1 *3flr73 2W43132 »
4J27« 1C0U5323 \29;43334 ICrt
434«f3 Wi43«12 40-*4i«*2 *>
4371* S0 { «5744 2O4573« V V*
4.V77 20r4<JCT3 20 ! 4«114 ' 2O
4rs>8 l«*4«04 2!>:4^4«3 4t.«
4«13 20?4Si73 «0 i*,*vl »
j 4W10 2Ct**7S8 40 *'>.>fi 4O
!4«ae2 2WWBC0 20447OIX..... to
f 47UO 40**7132 20'4717lh... 200
4725« 2Ci*735«> 2<)U?*3* to
47«3 20J4TM* 2W477«1 40
47?<23 - 40**7939 2DM£367 2O
*?433 2C0(4, i »Ca> l«Qi45»«d 2U
43CtVt 20'4>TC?» Wi>H.t »
i&SZ 2T>:4013.^ 20i"43177 2»
4S1S2 2O'*9230 2JV4MM 4V
4»1** 2C-[*S32S 25*43533 JO
495(33 40(43773 40w**n 2O
5O1** 21K3O4CO iro-:3O413 2O
5<H«» 40'5«n5 2&3fflil2 2O
sravs3 seas**?* wsastxs 20
SCS2»..... 2e:30Wl 2&31K8 4O
512C3 100<31417 1C<X31434 WO
51491 2*31367 lf*31721 »
31771 2O'317SO 205H12 40
Clt34 29*51000. VHSSK/S 49
5215U 201322*9 4*32310 4O
12410 ;20i5271* 1CQ<S2SK3 2O
£2917 2OZ2W7 2C;5.Tt2» 10O
5.T»n 4C133COS 2*33120 ICO
S3334 20*33449 2CSW37 2O i
C3*32 4>»339Ot 29*533*9 ico !
54<*3 20.341X4 4«3427X.... 20
34.HM 2OIS433S..... 403434S leo
347ns *4i!33ii37 4*33120 2CO
Cit34 2O*A514© 2*55207 +.)
:5il5...'.. 2O!33S20 40-'332* *..... 20O
5528S.."... 2O352SH 2T-*3CBC3 40
5.-J30 20i33.-SG0 40 33SC2 4rt
C353S..... 4ff35«r7 2IVSXT2W 2O
•Sm 20 ; 33R«B 4fli3ei25 40
Zma 40 : 3<W3S 4CH3CS22 20
»«>C27 lC*y)3*341 l»»;36351....t 20
56«n3 ... 2O'3«I43 ICOiSOCS 40
£7113 . .. 2O < 37129 4-0 371*1... ..ICC(»
5T1mI »571*» 40'3734» *»
373« .... 2WS7402 20t374i»0 2O ;
37*73.... 20>575*S 4*3757a 49i
'37*32 2W37*« Ifltlt37933 40*
|S««>*r.*I . 20i3M3S 4*i«tS7..... 20J
IWr* ... 1CW3WOO 2Qi3«34 20!
ItOCw'.i. 4C3MSO 2a."»*0S JCT»
5SM2* 1COTVS&40S 2a'5»SI»..... 2»
5na» 4ft^85«: 2B.'5M« 20
SKH9 30S3B72* 2O»59744 40 !
3977S .... 2OI3B7JK 40?3»O7 2O 1
«)O1« 10»«nn . 2«(K»L«ft *>
CX02 .. x 20t«0713 4«l»732 / 40
&*4»l.... 2*«»tl..... 20'«WM» 2O
*5TO53 ... 20i<lC09!.... 20*0211..... 4Q
«27s anKasw..... 4ai0.-w.-t 20
«41«..... »Vei443 2I*«1S72 2O
«170S....- ¦VfWUk 40**1*37 Z>
6I!M2..... TtfKUGSt 40l«»rr 4»
62101 40*2321. ..r— 40W25« SCO
C7S0 .... 2O. : «27<iS 40^2794 4-V
CT157.' 2e s 'K*m 20i«!31S7 if
ensnt..... 2fl"«ce» 20HEaso «
-fcKS7 2m"W«S 40(«»M5 2O
fluiSA VltSgeH . 20i<aM2 40
csm 20*«»»7i ir->«r3is 20
«I5O WW17* 4««417*..... 40
641*3 2**1272..... VHUJBS..... 20
even 4ci«*«» 4m**na am
M672 40«770. 4Oi**79e|..... low
«4*T»...... lOCtfW*?! 4<y«S213 »
KKKW 2O'CS«2«. 44MB47S..... 4-»
4S7ST..... 2>>«»y-71. 2Q(M»O. *»
**S*~..... 1CO!6»«32 40f«W2»....i 40
g*:3?.V... 4ft"«WlS 10O r «»!»*S..... 2»i
CC97t 1C0187O34. 4OC«7ieS. . . - . 20
Kara Iiltii aad TalZcJo TTTmiihh.
Tb« Russian . Government contracts
yearly for ,50.000 tons of Welsh coal to be
delivered at Port Arthur 'before July L
11
?<»¦¦«• GEN. FRI3SIS cr MONTCCEUO—
? ;tS a. a.. 3:15 and S:» 9. =.. excvot laiqr.
SuBiiiy. * :ti *¦ ¦*-. 8:30 '- A- I»»** ?•Dafe.
« *. to.. 12:30 mtxoa. * p. =-. ex. 3aa4ay. 0 ia"
day. 7 a. Hi.. *-'i V- bl. Far*. SO eatta. TtL
Main ISO*. Pier 2. M;«:cn-tC lock. HATCH
BROS.
PIANOS AXD ORGAAS.
PART o£ ocr ._.: of barsaia* ia seccnd-na&d
piasoa fcr Septetaber. 13C3:
. Original
1 STErNXTAT tc SONS —
Cotcwocd case, largs size. 7 1-3.
cetaTes. beautiful tone, a excel-
lent cenditica *T23 S373
I A. B. CHASE—
Mahcgary case, largest aise. fua
rwtagtag rn^a; rack, three pedais.
**ry latest tiCr".*. cansct be told
frcs a uw - _- — ......... Z3Q 400
1 STErNTTAT & SONS —
Walaut as*, saall sis*. T 1-3 oe- ¦
t»ve», nearly new. t*autiful tcce. "V,
:s £se CwBi:ticn C5 475
I STEINVCAT A SONS—
Mahogany ca&*. large size, lateet
?-7.«. 7 1-3 octaves, carxwt t« tcM
" -- — . sew 730 S2S
1 A. E. CliASH GF-AND—
Staiacgary csj«. ta perfect cocii-
tica. ocly use-! three mecths 800 573
1 hTEINTlAT 4k SONS BABT
- *• GRAND— • ' '
EbKuzei case, ia cs« a very aacrt
•--.-: equal ta C*w S53> T30
AUo a Urr* r...-:t»r cf s»nar> plaso*
rasg-irar la tmet frc=- 523 to SSStt. and cnayei
acd parser crsxns rroci r29 to S1SO.
Ostfirt* i^t 'ursushul cc application at
our «ter« SHERMAN. CLAY A CO,
'^gre-r K'arty aad Sutter its.
¦ PERSO\ALJ.
a :':'t..v~ox. L.cr>iEo —
Ta !>•* is t» txeii^ve: gt» *",<*¦ se« tae exnibi-
V.-yr. *t the Cnioa Dru«r Stare, ccr. O'Farr«Il
«r.4 Stockton rta. : a iivirg tsodel wtta the
*-t^jcI-?s aad harzinaaB retsaved frsia ess
s:de of the face a year tfi 57 M. FT.I.A
KAKRIS of 7S1 CFarren at.
THE Star Hair Remedy mtoiti gray hair, im-
;r-:ve9 f:» grawti. steps falllns. cures dandrttS
aad :tcaisg » :a_; r. - stale or stickiness;
cl—rsea >¦*:;;»: irsjairat. hairdressers': ac-
cept aa subetltute. Star RenedyCo-.133S Poik.
THERE ar- ether cereal ccSees. but if y^a
wirt the best ask yr>ur grocer for Ccr-farts:
¦--•--'; pure. pa'atabU aad ncurisnirg-
THE CCF-FAPJN CO. 134 ValeacU »-
EKATTN — T > rzZ*9fCT Vi-^. rraduaxe r=aase«r
cl tie Is^enal faiversity Bsvpttal. Vlecna.
OTsce 22-t Starr King tldg.. 121 Geary. T«L
Excharge 216.
NOT hew chj?ap but how good t* tie motto of
tie n^a=ufacturers af th* P.aptd Ratary
Stm^iiATi. th« sewtrr-micniae ci to-day. J.
VT. EVAN5. agent. 1C21 st.
FETSICTAN. 15 y«axs' exp*rt*nc«. cure* p«r-
siaaeEtly i^ar^txz^. coc*:=jf tatit. Call or
a«£ress Cestral Ptirrracy. 231 Grant it»,
ccrner Sutter st. : fee macerate.
"W."rliJr>» r»=:<rr»d: Cae ccJl^leTtgn guaranteed:
new method: irar-portag. hiir dried ty sua.
&>:- dairiruS <rur*d 3 days: r-^-it:n tr»at-
=ents. C Kcn*,710 Sitter: tei. L«J-kla 4-OCa.
?»'OTICE — I wrta not be rerpcnsitle for any
. d«?tt* cortrxcre-i ty my wire after this date,
October 2S. 1903. H. L. FREESE.
I.»NC:N'O Tuesday. Thursday 5atur-i»y. Sun-
day ergs.. Te::t-;cia Hill Ecward St.. ct.
5th; Prcf. Fcstert society dancing taagfet.
LTQrCR habit cured. We gT^rante* t» rar»
tie il^ucr fcafctt tn 2 days cr no cSaiT-»-
Ac=* Li-s-cr Core Co.. S37 Market, r. ~:2.
nwrrfclne and all drug dls^
rase* pcstt-v«iy cur*d ty WUlsw Bark Co..
!<» Paik et.: C5cssitati~i fre» ;call cr write.
F.DIOVAL-Dr. W. C. STRATT0X kas re-
moved fcls iflce f-nrz 2w3 Missica st. ta
r>:m» Z~* *Ml 574. Pirrctt fcldg < Emporium*.
t7 less tiar «r«t. crx»Ue< for «uita. overccats
sri troc«rr» itCHAELES LTGN5'. Loodcs
T"»:lcr. 721 Market rZ.
ELEGANT s-^its cn easy tr.*t2i:=;«T:t«: 50 cects
and us per week. LEON LEifOS. 1127
llark»t et.. bet. Seventh and E:;tti.
iTET-FJO^t: HAZEL <:? Portland send adir«a
t? Char Vv'aldrrji^ gv^ril d<?liverr. city,
AXDtPJON — Elegant ti»atr:-al and masc^er-
i«l» r~c*t,==«s rentiKl. O Tarrcll St.
STTTTS zo order ca ;nstaltn-.»rta SI c*r wrek.
Sect«a 4 C-3 . BKrtbJua€aJS3-ZS MtelaC i
ECPCSnXOCi hair A k!»5 r»mov»d ty e'ec-
tKlC n«<i> Dr. A Mrs. Traverse. II 79 Market. ;
THE b«« pla~« ta fcry good crmbrenas ct '.
hsr. ti*a: covered or r»Eiired is l^O Stocktc-B :
TAXLOR-J1AD3 s-.x f7K; dr~» rants $2 Zd. '•
2Uf: Cl:tt;r.g ParU-r. ccr. Bus- and rruji-t.
SIAEQITEEADE ccp:=gs. pUy bori*. w ; ?s. ,
ccu=try crders GOLDSTEIN * CO . TZZ Hit.
AJ-FREDtrM'S 5^rptiar. Ketwa r»st^r»s irray
ha:r to Its a^tsral ecler; fl; at all 4rcs«r.sts"
Scppr2=oc« hiir and nicies r»n;cT«i v^ith elec-
trt<r r>»<:>. SJr. A: M:». Eatc-m. I'.'.H sitt- r.
rXL«ISTBT.
iliTE. BETAS — Sd^t^lc ralniJt and astrcli-
r.st. Palm r-a-iir-gs »L Hours 10 » 12 ani
I to I a?;d Tu'sdiT evenings. 133 Pcs^ st.
U. -"EP.GStE FOSELUL sctentlnc pa'.= i«t. 313 j
T«t:~t «t , a«ir G<?ary. Fi-TC* EZsck 5<51.
rSTSXCXASCS ASD »CEGEOSs.
TP.. C. C O-DONNELL— OT2c« a^d zrsi-i^z*. '
l'..t!4 Market **-. bet. fth and 7th; pirtlia- '
lar ttte^.t..;a &:-. J t.-j disease* cf wemea.
BLCCr' skin a.r^ rectal 'i¦.Sl^a»es a ip«c.alty.
DR. BALL, i^TZ'-^ Mariet st. ;
RSTSSGVED— DP.. TTONG HIM. t-rb -ic-otcr.
tieati »!I •ii»ea*tj cf the fcumaa bedy: for ;
. past four year* a: 115-117 Mason; &o«r lo- i
cared at CC7 Geary AS '«*r Leaveswcrth.
r>K. TCNG PO CHY. rsccesacr ta Dr. LI P»
Tal. fcerfe iort;r. cures ali diseases c* tunai
by cs« cf fe*rbs ard r.»is. T27 Wijtlnyto- st.
WONG 'WCO. tka fa=cws herb doctor— AI! 4:*-
nw cr:r»d fcy r>.;r-»«* h«rt«. 7Vt-< Clay tz.
noons roa norsEKEEPisc.
rocci arartn-.»r-;« ; fur. cr enfur. for hakp*.
UrALLISTEE. KS — Nicely Jurnished. sunny
•site; r-.nk. fas ra.=c», tot bata. lasadxy;
a<luits: *lt>.
MODEL K<>T'5E. 12->> Stockton St.— Ne»!y
lumiah^d raotaa. *3-*12: bath. gas. fbaat,
SOUTH PARK. >? — C^.e cr two rcoaas, nx-eiy
rumifh-d. :.r h i~t-' r:-t
7EHA3JA. i n»*.r F".r«t— Flat. 4 hoc**k»«p»ag
r?cr=T: f=;.-»: 1-ystl-^i; r>nt lew. ¦
Tt'F.K. BQ — Puteiafana mo, with kitefce^
CLASSIFIED advertisem-st* and rsbscriprtiTaa
received at Call branch cCBm 2200 Fillaiere.
*. BRANCH cffiT* for Cill aiv«rt:s»rn»nts and
rwtwrr-:^tijc* has been established at lOi
Val<rr.<ria st. ."*». ':¦ *<- * j
Hoawkpg Rooms^Apartn't I!oo«f».
THE Frederick. 9C1 Stanran. crn. Park— rum.
ararts^eats: rrt- bath: ftea= heater: ja.n:tcr.
ROOMS TO LET— J'crn. aad I nf irn.
A— BUCNSWICK Hcuse, Its Sixth — Roo=s
23c t» II per sight, Jl 23 to J5 p*r week and
light hou»f;keri?irg rociEs: cp*a all niilrt.
AT "Tt* Al=crte." S73 Maritrt st. <cr No. 1
Firth st.) — R-cms. 5c. 50c. II. II 50 clrnt:
II Zir to 210 week: bcuse cp«a ail night.
EIT.XETT. 142O SItrket Mid No. 13«) — Fut-
r.:sned rr>c=i«. ez'.zr. single ; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 2*t E*Us. tar. Misoa — E!Fg»s:!y
furrlsfced suary roorrj; prices reasccable.
FTt-OCKLrN. 721— Nlce'r furaisfeed runny
roonas; a!l frcsrt; all crmv. : III. $16 mints.
"3 RAND Southern. 7tt and Jt:*«ioc — Roctrs S*s
ta II 50 nignt: fl to $3 week; reaiilag-rocai.
jROVE. ISIS — To let. elegant furnist^d frcrt
and back r-arlcr.
2TDE. >iI0, n*ar Gutter — Large fumishe-1
Trjnq-. &i F+T SSCSth.
-_AOCNA and McAliarter. St. James fiat — Sca-
ev tiT.tr'.* rocm ¦
T.CTAL Prsi'. 1W EU»— lacand^scent hghts. |
r»adlnjt-rcc=J srickicjc-rsera and ladies' par- «
U.r: rocms rir atght. 23c to *3 30: week 12 i
t* I*; BJzr.it. $S to S3&: ei«vator oa grouni
Seer: roccut wti» he* and ztH water: baths.
fTAXLSTT rl»«>, 45— Nicely f=rcl-«hed snaay j
freesi ssfeable for «ee cr two geatleinen or ,
r-^aa >:5< i wire; grate aaJ privilege cf bath.
: J*TTER. 1-31— One targe nsrsiahed freat par-
lor, with private be!l *.rvi telepause.
rHE GILLESPIE. 113 Ninth— Farai«h«?d rats..
J ::-••.: SZ ~s, week: transient 5«jc-73c eight.
-•^:ITeB" STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market—
*'.i.> «lr^Le aad family roosis: 23c to $1 night; ,
f I 7Z to S w«*i; el-vafrr: 'lectrie V.&tt; j
readisx-roee:: free tu» aad beggage. j
"ALENCIA. 1126 — New. sunny famished rooms
wnh tirit house keeptra: rrivi5er?s.
VAN NESS. 515 — Haadsora* sarsy fcraished
euites a=d rlftgle rooms, all convesieaces.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market— j
SIcst cravenient Ar.-i re*y«ctable: TOO rooms: j
35c to «1 CO Bkkkt ft to S9 week; elevatijr: ,
<el*c !lgfcts: readisg-rccra; fre* bus; baggage. I
\ BRANCH cf See in Call advertlsestesta and I
•=h«rrir ticca has been established at 1C04 ,
Valencia st.
TLAfSrFTED *-*v»--tis*T=f::ts and rabscrl^on*
rx-grv-<g sf Call bran;= gfnc*. 2y<O FillnTcre.
BOOMS AXD BOARD.
i-TEVENSON Manaien. fcffPcalliarnia. st.— Ac-
tractive aad sia-nxly rocxaa: best title aad
service: lowest rates.
?AX NESS ave.." 1714 — Private boarding-house.
fcnrnrllke: everythlsg first clasa: sunsy
¦trltes: slncte nxnms: cHcicc Tc-eality: ref.
ront=s u~£ tat> bnafd; private
fftZfiy; rwwritie. CCS OTarren 1.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' > -
STATEMENT *
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFPATBS
OF THB^- V^-'
Fidelity and Casualty
* f
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork. as. the 31st day of December. A. D.
'¦ 19t2, aad fcr th* year ecdiny oa taat day, as
made to the Insurance Cotaaxissianer cf Use j
St*te of California, porsaaat to the provtsicas \
• cf secuocs ftiO aol (ill of the Political Code. ;
eosdessed as per blank famished by the Com-
\ 1^ ea * t : CAPTTAI.
Amoast of Capital Stack, paid np
la caah « 23O.0OOC*
ASSETS.
Reai E*tate owned by Ccnjpany $ C21.1C0S3
! Ca«a Market Vaitie cf all Stocks ;
and Beads owned by Coaapaay 3,S40.«-U CO !
Amount cf Loans secured by Fledse
of Eonds. Stocks, aad other mar-
ketable seccntie* as collateral... 2S3.Q0OCO
Ca»a la Cccasaay's Offlee IT l!-J 57
Cash, in Banks " 65^320 04
Interest due and accrued oc all
Stocks ami Loans 2.887 21
Prenluias ia due Coarse of Ccllec-
tfoa •.....-. 397.69«O«
{tests doe and accrued .......... 1.CS7 46
R«»erve re'asuraace deposit "(cash la
Company's po»seacicn)........... 33.57 ? 5S
Total Assets .S^2g«.67t 77
LIABILITIES.
Lasses la process of Adlustxsest cr
la fitapenae ..J SMUS4
Losses resisted, lacludin* expenses. G3,0od 14
Gross premiums oa Risks rcnrJnt
eae year or less. } ; rela-
surasce 5O per cent — ........ 2,CS7.943 SO
! Gross premiums on Risks ruaaiac
¦ mtire thaa «?ce year. I ;
retnsuraaee prt> rata... .......... 30^,736 34
Due and aeeroeti for salaries.
rent. etc. -- 33J€tW
CctiUocent fuad 230.COOCO
Total LtabniUes.......';. ,>3l3»t.JtO Cg
INCOME.
Net cast actually received for pre-
miums .f4.4S3.SM83
Rec-Jved for Interest aid dividends
on list-As Stocks. Loans, and
from aK ottxer seorces 134.7»2«
Received for rents. ...- 94.HBS9*
Reeetred frora ail otaer sources. . . 66.436 SZ \
Total lacojce... .....H.T34.804OT |
EXPENTjrnrREs. |
Net aniocat paid for losses tfaefod- i
j - r ' S . loeses ef pteirious
y4rs> .11.322.014 2*
Dtvid«ads to stcckaotders . €2.3«» C»>
r Paid or allowed for Coprmfairten or
Brekerage - -- I.17«.1M €0
Paid for salaries, fees, and otaer
charges for officers, clerks, ete.. 282.927 S3
P»ld for State, national and local .
taxes 81.43089
All other payments and expendi-
ture* 540,429 25
Total Expenditures $3,367,418 91
Leese* Incurred duriae the year..;.tJ.5M.32S 37
GEORGE r. SEWiRD. Presldeat. .
ROBERT J. HILL.VS. Seeretarjr.
Subscribed asd iwora to before me tais 2Sth
day of Janxsary. 1908.
W. L. KERR. Notary PuSllc
CHAS. J. BOSWORTH,
General Agent,
318 CALIFORNIA STREET,
' -'San' Frr:iiel»c©4 CaL .
SPECIAL XOTICEjL
MOTHERS— Drink Ccf-farla regularly and
yoor nerves and digestion wta be all right:
give it to the children and the old mia.*ad
half yoor troubles will cease.
SCIE.YTIFIC OPTICIAXS.
DURING the G. A. K. eacanapneat Dr. CUse.
1023 Market et. bet. Cth-Tth. fitted glasses ta
Gen. Miles: you waat the teat as well as he.
SEWIXG MACHETES AXD SCPPLIKS
! NEW HOME Mwirg machine; this week only;
; $10. $13. $20: slightly used: nee<Ues 2te dox.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. K»I M-trktt St.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 we«k's treat-
mest free.' Dr. Cqttinxaaai. 204 Satter st.
STORAGE AXD "WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Vaa Co. : furaiture.
- household goeds stored, moved, shipped. 723-
131 Howard St.. pear Third; phcn« Graat iflL
PIEP.CE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co^ of-
fice Post acd Powell sta. : teL Priv. Ex. 5T1.
i CONKLIN*S Starar* — Furniture and caerchaa-
dise. 333 Gclden Gate ave.; phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage: advaacea made: 84ft
Mis«iqn St.: teL Howard 941. F. W. Z<hfass.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Cota-
paay. 232Q Flllmore 01.: phece Jackson 2aL
BEKINS Van aad Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
tt. ; teL Main 1S4Q. Shipping at cat rates.
A WEEK'S news for » cents— Th- Weekly CalL
IS PT«. ia wrapper, for axatllag. $1 ywtr.
t STCTTERRC AXD ST.IMJIEBISG.
MELBOURNE Schcct. Vaa Nees-Mariet— Cur*
ia every caa«; ladividual teaching: ao medi-
cine. I2<juire Into wcad*rfiil cures .home cure.
' TO LEASE.
f A LARGE lighted basement to let. Apply TTl
Howard arj cr C01 Foartli.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO Whcra It May Concern — WUtiaax Kraps has
this day, scid. transferred aad delivered all
his right, title and interest ia aad to the
hotel business up to tae present time con-
ducted, by him at 218 Turk St.. city and
county of Saa Fraacisco, State of California.
under the name "Hotel Meredith." ta Mary
C. Kraps. his wife, the same to be hence- :
forth the separate property cf aaid Mary C
Kraps, who aieoe-, will henceforth be respon-
sible for all debts Incurred la said business.
Dated at San Francisco this 27th day of Jan-
uary. I3C3- WXLUAM KRAPS. MART C
KRAPS. Wltneas: CHARLES S. BCR-
NT-T.T.
EIBTHS—MABS1AGB— DEATHS.
Birth, marriare and death notices sent by
mail will not b« Inserted- They must be handed
la at either cf the publication cfSces and be
Indorsed wlta th« aam« and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same publiaaea.
MABBLED.-
BRUNSWIG — WITT— In this city. Octcfcer '24.
1SC3. bv the Rev. Paul Branke. James Oscar
L. frunswtg and Chnatiae Witt, both of taa
Franci.«co.
JENSEN— JACOBSEN — la thts city. October
23. 1S03, at St. Paul's Lutheran Church, by
tlie P.ev. Paai Bfanke. Johannes H. Jensen
and Sadie Jaccbssn. both cf Saa Fraacisco.
WENDT— WATSON— Ia this city. October 23,
1303. at St. Paul's Lutheran Church, by the
Rev. Paul Branke. Henry Wendt and Mattie
Laiu Watson, beta of Saa Jose.
DIED.
Bagot. Edward Klmtall. Mos#s C.
Berry. Thomas LJn«ijay. Mrs. C. M.
Brockhcff. Haxel C. Lynch. Ellen M.
Browell. Josephine McCabe, Jchn
Coivta. Hugh J.~ MlUard.Marj-
Coulton. Jxim M. Mcenetu Lenta
Fltrgerald. lira. E- Mon»arr»X. M'lviHe
F'rxa. Mattiww Murphy. William
Fraser. R«v. Thomas Pruaty. Owen
Frietag. Kaskel Qutnlia. Mrs. Dr. L.
Cutiaa. Acdnw Townsend. Athracta
Hur-t. Mary T. Vscerstrom. Neal
Ir^ram. Cs<:ar V. B.
BAGOT— Ia Alaneda. October 25. 1503. Ed-
ward Iiagot. b»!<3ved father of William J-.
He^try C. and Edward A. Bayot and Mrs. J.
R. Clu-i*ty. a native- ot LiverBool. England.
aged T-4 y»ar5 and 28 days.
(C^T Frier.i? s tact acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tueslay. October 27, I0»>T> at 2 o'clock, at
th* residence, 1*C9 Clinton -avenue, under the
auspicts cf Oak Grove Lcdze X». 213. F.
and A. M. Interment Mountain View \aalt-
BERRV — In thi* city. October 2-L IOCS, j
Thotnae. t«lov«d husband of Harriet J- j
Berry, aad father of Gordcn. Grace aad Liia •
Berry, a native of New Brunswick. ag»d 71 |
y«ara 2 monihs and 21 day3.
• C7" Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully iavited to att&cd the funeral services j
Tu*«day. October 27. 13*^1. at 2 o'clock, at <
his late residence. 312t5 Tweaty-sscood street, j
Intertcent CyDr^ss Lawn Cemetery, by elec- \
trie far-era! oax frcta ccrn«r Et^hteentb- an<l j
Goerrero s;rwti at 2:»> o'clock.
BP.OCfe.HOFF— Ia this city. October 23. 19C3. j
Hazel C BrockhoS. dearly beloved daughter ;
cf 'Henry C. aad May C. Brocihoff. a -native !
cf San Fraacisco. aged 10 years aad 23 days. |
C?*Fn.ecds apd acquaintances are respect- j
fuli#- invited to attend the funeral to-day j
« Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence j
cf her sartnty. 243 Eleventh street, betwe-n j
Ho*ari ard Felicia. Interment Mount Ot!- j
vet Cemetery.
BROWELL— la this city. October 23, 190.1. '
Jcscphiae. beloved wife cf the late Jerry
Srowell, a native af California, aged 43 ;
years.
CFri*>riis and acqialntancea are respect- !
fully Itrvtt?*! ta atteail tae funeral serricea
Monday. Octoter 2S. IOCS, at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of th* Goldea Gate Cn- :
d-»rt*king Company. 2473 Mission street, near :
Twenty-first. Intersient Laurel HUl C*iae-
tetx- *
C0LVIN— Ia this city. October 23, 1»>X Hisn
J.. itustaaJ of Mary M. Col via. and father
at Edward J. Calvin aad Mrs. Alice A. Ben-
nett, a native of Glasrow. Scotland, aged V2 ;
y>»ars 7 months and ' days, a member of
California Lodge Xo.' 1. F. ami A. M-. and
Veteran F^ttwn's Asstxrfatlca of Saa Fraa- '
CISCO- i
tyiTe funeral services will take pLice
Wecrsewiay. October 2S. I00.X at 2 o'clock, at
Maionio Temple, under th* auspices of Cali-
furcti Lexis* No. 1, F. and A. M. Iater-
nient Motint Olivet Cemetery- Remains at
the oarlors of Carew A Englisa. 23 Vaa
X«5s ivenie.
COULTCN— la tills city. October 21. 1300,
Ji— -"s M. Coulton. belavM husband of Mary
Coultaa. acd father of James K. William
R-, Alma aad Gecrse T. Coulton, a native
of San Fraaciaco, ar«d *3- years 2 scathe ,
and IS) da vs. A member of Bemal Lcdgi '
No, ia. a. o, c vr.
CTThe funeral will take place from St-
J'.3S*pb's Churca. Tenth and Howard streets. :
Tuesday, at 9 o'clock, where a solemn re- ;
qnieai mass will be celebrated for the repoee
of his soul. P.tnralas at the mortuary chapet
cf the Gald»n Gate . UEd*rtakiEa- Company.
2475 Missicn street, near Twenty-first. In-
terment H-'ly Cross Cemetery.
FINN — la this city, October 23. 19C3, at his ¦
residence. 142 Hartford street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Matthew, dearly i
betcved husband of Ellen Ftna, father cf
John g. Finn, and loving brother of Mrs. P.
" HecneW. Mrs. WUllasi H. MoHoy. Mrs. J.
Encrbian and Mrs. H. Brtr.kTnan of Mexico.
a native of Ccunty Galway. Ireland, aged CO
year*.
C^Frlenda and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invit^i to attemi the qpaeral to-day j
<Mcnday). at S:3O o'clock, froai his late resi- i
dence, 1U Hartford «tr?et. betweea Eight- i
eenth and Nineteenth, thence to the Church
of t 1 ?* Meat Hcly Redeemer, corner cf Dia-
mond aj:«i Eighteenth streets, where a sol-
emn requiem- high mass will be celebrated
fcr the reocse of his sod at 10 o'clock, la-
termsnt Holy Cress Cemetery.
FITZGERALD— la Stocktoo. October 23. 1303.
at th* residence cf her son. §21 Souths Mon-
roe street. Mrs. Elizabeth Fitzgerald, be-
loved mother of David. John, Frank. Ed-
ward. Thocnas. Mary and the late James and
Ambrose Fitzgerald, a native of Irelaao.
ag»d 71 years.
C7Frienal9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully fnvtted V> attend ta< funeral Moadij".
Oet&ber 2tf. 13V3. ca tae arrival of th« Stock-
toa trala ta San Pablo at 10:13 o'clock.
thence to Saa Pablo Cfcnrch. where a re-
" quiem hiz-fc man will be celebrated for tfes
repose cf her soul, commencing at 19:39
o'clock. Interment St- Mary's Cemetery.
OakUnd.
FRASER— In Oaklaad: October 25. 1908. at
nts residence-, 011$ Myrtle street. Rev. Thomas
Fraser. D-D., beloved father cf Julia Fraser
and Charts W. Beebe. a native of Scot-
Land, aged 87 years 11 months and 7 days.
E^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday afternpon, October 27, 1803. at 2
Dr.R.L.Walsh
JfjSOX bu rises:! i«at»! rrttUM
*H " »t art fsrs«? •*»$
«* ' 847 Geary St
I btrt" j «jj*.i:« 5i.-»-.«r» HaU
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction . .... . 23«
nutels. v. ..50c
Crouns . . . ... $2.00 to S5.00
Plate Work . . . $5.00 t« $25.00
LiitX JOB TSH IS. , XaCS 0T3Sa SAT.
REAI ESTATE — CITY— -FOR SALE.
HADIsbN A BCRKeTIo" MONTGOMERY ST.
at AtrcnoN: at auction*
; V— EXTRAORDINARY— ;
AT ArCTION". AT AUCTIONt
WETNESDAT OCTOBER 231 H, I90X
At ocr salesroom. 3» Mantgoiaery St..
At 12 o'clock, noca.
SALE OF SELECT PROPERTIES TO
CLOS3 THE ESTATE CF SILAS M. LOCKE.
DECEASED. -_
O
I i- ¦}¦" I 5
3IAEKET ST., ADJOINING CORNER OF
l.X; 4 — Markst «t.. bet. Masca aad PawelL as
1 opportunity cf a-^llfetise to Invest la th*
choices-, of Saa Francisco resJry. Very cecter '
cf retail district. Assual rcct J330«X
HDDT ST.. ONE BLOCK FROM MARKET.
1?> to 128 Eddy st., bet. Mason asd Taylor.
Dinctly ia Use of realty growth. Prssest
tnccrae S42C0 p«r aaaura. Thts property
sn-^id b* immedlateiy laiproved.
CORNER ON MIS5ION ST.
£VT. ccr. Mtsaicn st. and Grand ave.. bet. |
Ninth asd Tenth sts. This location is
«tealll7 increaslag ta value. Let S5:txlOOi
Present aa=aai ' i=cc=e 1304; c»a be la-
TSfRSy-ST. F5OPEBTT.
An aidlv'dea *» interest ts this property, lo-
cat< d ca west line cf Tfctrd tt., bet. Bnisaa
and- Townsend; 137:fixl5>> to Eltch St.; two
frcStares-
TEFJJ5 AT SALE.
F»r Citalc*-aes irtd partictilars apply to
MADISON A BVRKE.
SO Montgomery st.
MODERN cottages; ftaiahed complete witi
rrery cczvent-n.ee; easy terra; large lota.
$ rx:c! — S4CCG.
Located cs First and Eeccad ave.. bet.
Geary and McAllister st. cart and one clock
aorta tt rark. F. NELSON, builder. I
$>«:<— <-X)TTAGE. 4 roo=is, C3 Koottrta at-. '
BBat b* sold to settle estate: alsi cottage.
4 r. acd. b.. 123 Nevada ave., SIM down. bal. I
Carts*. D. COFFIN A CO.. ."»>J Mission st.
JT'ST completed — fl ncms and bats and large
fc*«»c:*at: moiera throe* h<JUt: S33O0 whil«
tr.= v U«t; cp^n fcr inspection Sua^lay: oa Al-
varadi? st-. bet. Nee asd aanch*«.
MAGNIFICENT new Cats for *ale ca Sixteenth
st.. n»ir 'Tnurca. Apply ca premises to CON-
IXZN, izSUleT.
tlt.TW REDUCED ttom S17.CCO: cottage and
f> flits: ine 1.3cat!cn; let 73x122:3: rent
?l>^i: zood investment. 1018 Sactweil st-
MOOEXtS ccttag»; 4 roo=is; i:C"-/: ternss sa.ae
as taring- rent. Apply owner, lumber yard.
SSL eer. Alabasia a=d Montcalia sts.
E"ILI> em yscr unimproved realty: we lean
fsii cost irrcrTv. and part let at 6 per c-nt.
MANHATTAN LOAX CO.. Crocker building.
FIN"E ir'-'Mne fiats cn Fultoc. near -City Kail;
r-asr.-aV,*. Inquire 142 Fulton st_. owt'r.
KCAL ESTATE— Country — for Sale.
IX St. H*!*-a — 9 acres choice lord. 3-rooia
T-nn»r wine cellar and imcrovpments : luOO
vtni*s and «n-r» orciLanl: price SZXQ. Apply
to- S. MISDLE3IA5. 415 Front Jt.
SlO A MONTH buys a t?r.-acr» farm twelve
ni'es frets Samment?: writ* fcr b-x:klet:
;ts free. WRIGHT A KIMBP.OCGH, 603
J tt.. Sacramer-tc. CaUfr;rgla. ,
IF r-x want a «tcck ranch, dairy cr eolcnixa-
t!*m tract, wrtta chas. coe a CO.. 43
TTest Santa st.. San Jca<». Cal.
ALFALFA lands, rtock ranches, orctards.
¦nrevarils ; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
lcgues «-=t free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. C4S
Market ft.
TCP jrouTtry and dairy rancives yielding a good
profit HAMILTON A KENDRICK.Petal=ma.
FTP. RAUS — C^cice block In Mlllbrae. MARK
LANE tl'~ M^ctroniery st-
FOIXT !Ur»UO\D REAL ESTATE. ;
MAN"L*~ACTUHING atte, 4 acres, located on
boti Santa Fe acd Pocthern Pacific roads;
Boat available site for tnan-sfacrturina- pur-
poee.* on this side cf th* bo.y; prtcw very
i^a^cnsble. For pric« and fall information
*** J H. MACDONALD'* CO.. ICC2 Broad-
¦"¦iy. Cskiar.d.
WATER Crant lets and barjr&ics: all tracts:
rr.ars rhctTs. etc. BELL 417 Parrott bldg.
HEBKELEV At tVERTISEMEXTS ;
' BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sal* — In Berkeley : & beautiful homes oa
Ex'rscn, Efsex ani Prince sts., betwwa
Ash.by-ave. station a*d Shatttick ave. Take
c-w ferry at foct ci Market st- at aay even
hcur and In 3Q> minutes will be oa groends.
I wiU be oa grounds cr have- my representa-
tive the-r* irrsn h a. m. to 3 p. m. every day \
ex<^?pt Susdaysr. Bey cf builder and owner
and save raooey.
C. B. SHAW.
CoatractTr and Builder.
13<9S llta tvf. East Oaklaad.
3. j. MASON. '
R*al Estate and Insurance Ageat.
Choice Property a Specialty.
EZ. ccr. Scattu^k ave. ttd Cester «t.
nerk»!*y, Cai. ¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BB0ADWAY.
OAKLAAD REAL, ESTATE.
$3**- COMFORTABLE cottage, with bay-
window aad hizti basement; lot 140 feet
de*p; fin*. larx<? ban, travel driveway; nice
r-trrtcrfcooi; street work all d<j*»; above
Saa Pablo ave.; terms If you Ilk*. GEO- W
AUSTIN, cr -'. S. MTEHS, 1002 Broadway,
OakUatl
P. J. McKAY. ~"
I£*il El«ta.te and Insuranc*
Unas? 5>nUnr. Rents Collected.
Barg3.ln» Cccstantly on Hand.
1*^1 Seventh St.
WEST St.. *iO; serea apartmeats: incccie $73
, per rannth; modem Improvemeats; wiadsilll
«nd taaS:: *T0OU. laQTHre 8C7 Grov* st-.
C-ak^ nd.
SIresra hvzx. 3 nrs.; stable; Mason A Hamlia
crran. tf«fcr» t2 ct-. 42 Oraage St.. Oakland.
OAKLAXD FCBMTIRE FOR SAlJT
TO-MORROW the day fer bargains~la " J UrcT^
ture. H. Scheilhaas. lith st..cur.store.Oaklad.
Mill Valley Advertisements
LEGAL ADVERTtSEllJK.VTS.
IN tie Superior Court cf the City aad County
cf San Francisco, State of California. Pn-
bate. No. 23SKX Filed Oct. li
1SC3. Albert B. Mahcay. Clerk, by EL a
Hiwiey. Deputy Clerk. In the matter of
tie «<tate of PATRICK DCGAN. deceaaed*
Nctic* for publication cf time appointed f»r
prefcate of wilL C C. P.. Sec. 1303. Notice
is hereby gives that TUESDAY, the 27ta day
cf Octcfcer. A. D. I3O3. at 10 o'clock a. m. ct
that <tty. and the courtroom of Department
Nc. 8 cf aaid court, at tie City Hall, la tie
city aad county cf Saa Fraacisco, State of
California, have been appointed as ' tae tin-.*
and place fcr proving* Us* will cf said Pat-
KICK DCGAN. deceased, aad for hearing
the applicatica of NELLIE A. LASSELL
for tbe tuuaace to her cf letters of adalnis-
traticc with the will annexed thereoa. fSeal-j
ALBERT B. MAHONT. Clerk. By E. d.
HAWLET. Deputy Clerk. Dated October 13.
A. D 1903. A. D. KETE5. Attorney far
PftitlggT. ¦-•¦-'? '. -
TTFEWRrTEHS AXD SCPPUBJ.
CREAT~EARGAINS IN "tI PE UluTER&^wl
sell tettsr machines far less money than aay
house ta the city: rentals 13. The, Typewriter
Exchange. £36 Callfcmia; telepaone Mala 2C8.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 «aca: get par»
Uculara. LT A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Moot-
cegiery st. •;. . , -
2D-HAND typewriters sold, re-ted, repaired.
Webster Typewriter laspee. C3l» 508 Market.
0CZAX TEAVIX.
eStsaasfrs Iea.v« Saa Fnr-
claco as foQows:
Fcr Ketraikaa. \Craas-E.
Jun^aa. Eaiaea. tfca£U2y.
etc.. Al3*Sca— U a. m.. Ort.
23. 2S. Nov. 2- Ct»axe ta
ccx^asy's ateasKti at ce-
Fcr Vtctiria. Tueeor-r.
Port Tawtsead. *<att>. Ta-
eonta. Everett. Whatcma — llx a. m.. Oct. 2>».
Not. 2. Changs at Seattle o :z.* cumgary's
steaawrs for Alaska asd O. N. RjT.: as Se-
attle orJTaccisa fc> N. P. By.; at Vancouver
I ta C PT Ry.
Fsr Eureka (Hastbotit Bay) — TtmKxa. 1:3»
p.' ax. Oct. 31. Nov. 6; Caroca. 1U» p. ia..
Oct 2S. Not. X
Far Lo» Ansele* frta Port Los Aasel** aad
, R«docdVo>. San Dfe« aad Santa Barbara —
Saaxa Rcsav ?oadays. » a. rx
State of Caii'oraL*. Tsnrsdays. 9 a. nr.
For Lcs Angeie* tvta Saa Pedro aa«J Ea5t
£aa Pedro). Santa Bartara. Saata Croz, Mcn-
terey. Saa Slaves. Cayuco*. Port Harf jrd i ias
Luis OWsco). Veatura asd Huesesse.
Coo* Bay. 9 a. ex.. Nov. 1
Bcalta. 9 a- c. Oct. 23. Nor. 5.
FcnEnsecada. Jl«iihri Bay. Saa J?s* ! j :
CaboT MaxaUaa. Al^ta. La. Pax. Soata Rc-
salia. Or'Tiyr- ¦¦»« 'M'tj, !'"» a. aa.. 7ta of *a a
¦ rn- ni™
' For farther tafc rotation obtala folder.
Rigit is reserved to ciasrie ste43iers cr aai!-
lar £at~s. •
TXCX27T OPTTCXS — 4 Xew
ery street «PaIac« Hctel», !•> Market *tre*i aaA
Brcadway wharves.
Freight oCW. lt> Market street.
C D. DCNANN. Gen-ral Paiseryrer Agent.
10 Market street. Saa ~n_- -:¦•::.
O. /?. «S /V. CO.
•XMusa&fs-* aaKs Ort. 29. 3©. Xjr.- ». 1». 29.
! Dec. 9 t*. 2*.* -Gecrge. W. riier" aaOa Oct.
23 Nov. 4. 14. 24 Dec. 4. 14. 24. Only steam-
ssia lias to PORTLAND. OR.. *Tui short rail
p™ r trvr* Pertlaad ta all poiats East. Through
tickets to all potsts. all rail or steastsh:? aa-f
rail at LOWEST RATESl Steaaer tiexsta to-
elude berta aad m«als. Steaaoer satis foot of
Spear st- at 11 a. ra. S. F. BOOTH. G*a.
Agt. Pas* Drpt-. * MoetgocK-ry st_: C CLIF-
FORD Gen. Art. Freight Dept. 3 Mactgoateij
! TOYO K1SEN KAISHA.
<ORTENTAI- STEAMSHIP COl>
Steaxaers win leave waarf. cotae- First asd
Brasaaa streets, at 1 p. bv. ' it TOKOHAMa.
asd HONGKONG rafltna- at Kofc* (Kcgst.
XaeasaU aad SbavaghaJ. and coosectias at
TT^wT^ff^g wtth steaasers far In.iu. etc No
carza received on board ca t£ay of sailisx.
3. S. AMERICA SCART
T»«day. Narw-aiier 10 13O3
S-vS HONGKONG MARC ."
- Ttursday. r^r-— -..- s. 1303
S. S. NIPPON MARC (Cama* as Mas!la>
Wednesday. December SO. 130S
V'.* Hoaofsts. Rccnd-tri? tickets a: reduced
rates. For fretght asd passage apply a: Coea-
paay's ofSce. 421 Market street, ecr-er First.
W. H. AVEy. G*aerat Aerat.
oc«5Lcs.5.co.5a^f
S.S MARIPCSA. fcr Tahiti. Oct. 2^. II a. ra.
8.S. SIERRA, fcr Hocolul-a. Sm:i. Aacfc-
lawi and Srlaey. Thursday. Oct. 29. 2 p. m.
8 5 ALAMEDA. far Hcwslul^ Nor. 7. 11 a. sa.
if gffffni I Pm»i. y* T3erxtg5amf lg t«fg
i C0SJM85TX eiTXZXLX T3La53A7LA3IIQ3&
DCRECT LINE TO HAVRS-PARI3.
<afTt» ff every Thursday instead or <fts*
Saturday, at Id a. «-, from Pier 4^**a^K<
Norta River, foct of Mortoa streat.
' Flrst-clasa to Havre. IT5 aad upward. Sac-
ead-cta«9 to Havre. t-4-"> aad iccrward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOB CNTTED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Brr»adw*y <H^dsca Buildircr?.
New Tork. 2. T- FCGAZI * CO.. PaeUte Coast
Agent*. 5 J(octgr>mery areirae. Saa FnncJjo*.
Ttcxets soU by all RaUmad Ticket Ageata.
o'clock, at the charel ot Ute Ptwt Preslnr-
teriaa. Clmrea. corner . cf Foorteeatn. aad
Fraaklla streets. Oaki&nd. Iaten&est pri-
vate. *
FRIETAG — Ia thia city. October 25, 1903.
Ka?kel Frietajr. a native of Germany, aged
72 years and «S taontas. •
CTFrienda aad acquaintances are respect-
fuliy invited fo attend ta* funeral Mocday.
October 2S. IMS. at 1 JO o'clock, from thi
Hebrew Home for Aged, aad .Disabled. 601
Lombard street, thence to Third aad Town-
eead streets ta 2:30 o'clock trata. later-
meat Satenx Cemetery.
GTTTNAN— In tHis etty. October 23. 1903. An-
drew Guiaaa. beloved " busbasd of Mary
Guiaaa. a native «f Caaada. aged 53 years.
A meaner of Fidelity Lcdre, L 0. O. F..
asd Bernal Lodrs No- 19. A.<Xrr. W. '
E3T Friends aad acquaintance* ar» respect-
fully iavtted to attead the funeral services
Monday. October 2SV 1808. at 9-JO o'clock, at
Odd Ffcllcws* HaU. earner ot Seventh aiid
Market »tr?«ts. under the aoscicez of Fidel-
ity Lcctg* L O. O. F- Remains at tne Kfir-
tuair ctsat«I «f the Golden Gate Undertaking
Cora=ar.y, 2+75 Mlastos street, near Twealy-
first. Istermeat Mount Olivet Cemetery, ty
Southern Pacific Railroad from corner of
Third "and Townsend streets. 11:30 o'clock
traia.
HITVT Ia this eitr. Octooer 23. 1S03. at tie
resMeaee of the parents. 3319 Tweuty-ttird
¦treet, Mary T-. infant daaghter of T. H.
acd A. E. Kant, a native of Saa Francisco,
aged 10 mentis and 2 dar»-
INGRAM— la tils city. October 24. 1903. Oscar
Van Baren. beloved, soa of Josephine aad
Purd Ingram, aad brother cf Delias Ingrana.
a native of California, aged 3 years 9 month*
aad 3 days. . ¦ - —
KIMBVLL— In this eity. October 24. 1903,
Mcses C beloved hasbaad of thetate Maria
M Kiasbaii. father cf Mrs. J. T. Fltxsta-
cioas and brother of Tbctnas D. KiaibalL a
native of Tfecmaston, Me-, aged 7* years «
montas and 3 days. (Maine papers please
serrfc** win b« a*ld to-morrtrw
(Tu-aday) at 2 o'clock, at Masonic Tempte,
co-nVr Peat and Montgomery 'streets, under
the acaafces of California Lodge No. X. F.
aad A. M. Iatennent Cypresa Lawn Ceme-
tery. ¦* '
LIVDSVT la Reno. Nev.. October 23. 1903.
jj rs "c m Lindsay, beloved mother of Mrs.
J Jofecsoti and Mrs. Wintam Waltz, a na-
tive of Enrlaad. aged 73 years. ;
CTNotice cf funeral hereafter. :
LYNCH— In Lea Gatos. CaL, Octolser 23. 13(3. j
Ellea Marie, beloved daughter of Marx-art: ,
and the Ut* Michael Lynch, aad sister of
dsarlca ar.d Arn*e Lynch. Mrs. M. P. Detels
aad the late Edward 1L Lynch, a native of
Virginia City. Nev.
•• cyFrteiK-ls ar* respectfully Invited to 'at-
tend th* fun«rai Mondar. at 9 o'clock, from
the residence of h>*r mother, 32S4 Clay street,
ttence to St. Mary** Cath«dral. OFarrell j
street, aad Via Ness av»nu«. where a r«-
<TCie:a maas will be celebrated far the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 O'clock. In-
terment orivats. Holy Cross Ceaaetery.
McCABE — Ia thii city. October 23. 1608, Joan.
beloved hnsba-nd cf the late Winifred Ms- ,
Cabe, and father of Joan. James. WUlIam P.
aad Wlalfred McCa.be. a native of Irelaad.
ased 67 years and 10 months.
CTXriertds aad acquaintances are respect- ;
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
•Tue*iay> at 10 o'clock, from the lat« resi- ,
deace 212 Twetftfi stieet. thence to St. Jo-
sephs Cnsrch fcr services et 10:30 o" clock.
Interment Holy Cro*» Cemetery.
MILLARD — rn Oakland. October 23. 130B. !
Mary Millard. behoved moti»r of Mrs. M.
Eilea Barker of Oakland. Mrs. Anslna C .
Van Every ef Karncton. Iowa. William E. '
WtUianis of Marquita, Icwa. and M. L. WU-
I:ar.:s of Tacoma. Wash-, a. native Cf Penn-
sylvania, aged *> years * months aad 3 days.
MOENCH — In this city. October 24. 1903. Louis
Moench. beloved husband of Clara Moeneh.
fatfe-r of Mrs- HukLa Seiler. and grind-
fatb«r Ot Mrs. A. H. Pape. Mrs. T- MaUjne.
\ P Setler Mrs. O. Rcstnskl aad Arthur
Moeneh. a native of Germany, aged 73 yean
i s month* aa<i 1*5 days.
\ Z? Friends and acquaintances are respect- [
*'uliy invitsd U attend the funeral to-morrcw
»Tue«day> at 10 o'clock, from bfs late resi-
dence 23O Ctlata* Park. Iaterment Cypress
U«a Cemetery, via electric car frocx Eigat- ;
eenth and Guerrero streets.
M0N5ARRAT— In Belawnt. Cal., October 24. j
15HJ3 M?tvllle M. r betoved *m cf Julian and
Clara Moasarrat. a native of Honolulu. H.
L. aged 17 years.
C Notice of funeral hereafter. Renaahw
at tbe car lor* of th# Western Addition Ftt-
n-rat IMrectom. 1724 Devisadero street. be-»:
tween Satter and Basil.
MURPHY — Ia this eity. October 23, 1903, Wtl-
- Hani, beloved son of Kate and the late
Thomas Murrey, ard brother cf Daniel,
Thomas and LUzte Murchy and Mrs. P. A. |
Doccane, a catlre of CaUfornia, azed 24
years * months and 13 days.
CTTh* funeral will taks place Monday, at ;
0 o'clock, from his late residence. 3VS Lis-
bon street, thence ta St- John's Church. ;
whi»re mass will t» celebrated for th* re- ;
pcs.? of ais soul, comoeacar at 9:3O o'clock, j
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PRCNTr— In this city. October 24. 1303. Owen. \
b-Urred hesbnad of Susaa Pranty. and be- ;
loved father of Francis P. and Mary PrunU".
a native of County Mcnaghan. Ireland, aged
61 years. fNew Tork papers please copy.>
CT" Friends aad acquaintance* are respect-
fully iavjtted to attend tie fUaeral to-day
• Mondays at 8;3& o'clock, from his late resl-
- dence. 13 Clevelaad street. cS. Seventh, be-
tween Fotsira acd Harrison, thence ta St.
Patrick's Churcfe, wuere a requiem high
mass wfll be celebrated for the repc*« of his
soul, eoosreenctag at 3 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
QLTNLIN — la this city. October 23. 19C0. Mrs.
Dr L. Quiniln. m<i-th*r of Albert G. Quia-
lia. ekteist daughter of Mr?. I*. Bsaa. aad
stepdaughter cf Dr. L. Bush, a native of
Indiana, aged 52 -years 4 months and H
<iays. .
TDWN3E2CD — In this city. Octooer 25, 1903,
Atiracta B., beloved wife of F. R. Towa-
sead. and mother of Cleo Towaseod. a native
of San Francisco, aged 43 years 11 months
m-nti 22 days_
VENERSTROM — In tale city. October 25, 1905.
>'eai Veoeratroza. beloved aasbaad of Marie
Venerstrom. acd betoved father cf Nymar.
Martia and Mabel Venerstroni. a native of
Sweden, aged 49 years aiad 58 days.: Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Drujf cists, 60c flask. Richard & Co., 404 Clay. *
The . San / Francisco - Maennerchor gave
a 4 concert and dance last evening, in the
Mission Turn /Verein Hall; on Eighteenth
street. - . The entertainment was given In
celebration of the fortieth anniversary of
the ; society.'; ' The programme V included
singing and dancing, ¦ after which refresh
ments were served.
Singing Club Gives Ball.
Attorney A. C. Tillson of Modesto is
staving at the-LJck.
\V. F. Purnell, a merchant of Sacra
mento, is at the Lick.
C. M. Maze, proprietor of a hotel at
Modesto, is at the Lick.
N. E. de Yeo. a merchant of Modesto,
arrived at the Uck yesterday.
W. L. McKinley. who is engaged in
mining near Senora, is at the Lick.
Henry Weinstock. the well-known' Sac
ramento merchant, is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mr*. Leslie Morosco are up
from Los Angeles and are registered «.t
the California. I
»u G ' £; l Och «"™e of Los Angeles Is at
the Palace. Ho has Just resigned the
position of division freight agent of the
Southern Pacific Company, which he held
for sixteen years, with a view of accept
!^f e ™P lo y m ent with a private concern in
this city. • -^
Judge William P. Lawlor of the Su
perior bench returned yesterday from a
six weeks' vacation in the East. H«
spent the greater portion. of the time in
Jaterspn. N. J.. and was there during
the thrilling incidents of the recent floods
Dr. C. A. Hcrrick of Jackson la at the
Grand. > , •/¦> -. ¦•¦
Judce E. C. Hart of Sacramento is at
the Grand. :'-^:'/'-'
PERSONAL MENTION.
After a fancy drill, exhibition, a squad
of; little girls was put through a course
of wand exercise, in which they displayed
great: proficiency, s Similar entertainments
will be given monthly during the year.
.The manager of the chlldrens' play
ground, at Harrison, and Seventh streets,
introduced a new feature yesterday after
noon for the amusement of the little ones.
It was the* appearance of Military Com
pany B of the Columbia Park Boys' Club.
The : drum and ; bugle corps appeared in
uniform and added much to .the martial
bearing of the company, which was un
der :. command of Major Sydney S. Peix
otto.'.vftfifiS -'¦"-¦ . . • ¦- -'-¦"". •¦•'-.
Columbia Park Boys' Military Coxn
' } "paiiy Gives Fancy Drill
Exhibition.
SPECIAL ENTERTAINMENT
AT CHILDREN'S \ PLAYGROUND
Wedding cake boxes, wedding stationery. Ed
ward S. Knowles. 24 Second «.: Wnln 533. •
A search waa made in the different sa
loons and lodging-houses in the neighbor
hood by several policemen, but no trace
of the fodtpad could be found.
Caesar Wilkens of the ship Optama re
ported to the police early yesterday morn
ins that he had been robbed of $15 in sil
ver by a man dressed in a naval uniform.
He was walking along Steuart street and
between Market and Mission streets the
robber came out of a. doorway and or
dered Wilkens to thro'w up his hands.
The robber made a movement as If to
draw a revolver from his hip pocket, and
"Wilkens thought ft was the better part
of discretion to obey the command so he
held up his hands. He thought the footpad
must have been an old hand at the busi
ness, from the rapid manner in which he
went through his pockets. After taking
the $15 the footpad told Wilkena to walk
slowly away and not make any outcry.
Sailor Is Held Up and Robbed While
Walking on Steuart
Street. 7f%, '-.
MAN IN NAVAL UNIFORM
PLAYS PART OF FOOTPAD
Mrs. Augusta Maddox, 2772 Golden Gate
avenue, steoped from a McAllister-street
car at Fulton and Stanyan. streets before
it had stopped, on Saturday night, and
was thrown heavilv to the ground. She
was taken to the Park Emergency Hospi
tal, where Jt was found that her hip bone
was fractured.
Jacob Rufner, 2701 Mission street,
stepped off a southbound electric car at
Mission and Twenty-third streets on Sat
urday night and was struck by a north
bound car. Policeman J. W. Standley was
on one of the cars and had Rufner re
moved to the railroad hospital. He had
a deep lacerated wound on top of his
head and several slight wounds and con
tusions on his face. F. E. Page, the mo
torman, was arrested on a charge of bat
tery.
Hugh J. Colvin, who was struck by an
electric car while crossing Folsom street
last Wednesday night, died at the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital yesterday morn
ing from a fractured skull. The Morgue
was notified and the body was removed
to an undertaking establishment. Colvin
was a retired engineer of the Fire Depart
ment, 70 years of age, and lived at 1116
Filbert street. ¦ '¦ .
Hugh J. Colvin Dies From Fractured
Skull and Two Others Are
Seriously Hurt.
INJURIES INFLICTED BY
A CAB, PROVE FATAL
Our reliability and honesty make our custom
ers friends. My«eU-RoMn«, 22 Clay, printers. •
ward, but soon toppled over and came
down. Ware was .taken to the Park
Emergency Hospital, where his Injuries
were treated.
Joseph L. Dunlay, a patient at the
German Hospital, reported to the police
yesterday that between the hours of 5
and 8 o'clock on Saturday night his gold
watch valued at $50 had been stolen
from his room. He had no idea who
could have stolen It. >¦¦'
Watch Stolen From Patient's Room.
Visitors are cordially invited to visit
Gump's Art Rooms and Gallery of Euro
pean Paintings. There is certainly much
there to interest art lovers and connois
seurs. S. & G. Gump Co.. 113 Geary st. •
A Fine Exhibition.
Leslie Morosco and Leila Shaw opened
at the Grand Opera-house yesterday
afternoon with a musical farce comedy
called "Spotless Town." The name indi
cates nothing, and neither does the play.
It serves, however, as a vehicle for the
production of a number of clever spe
cialties. Leila Shaw, in the character of
Fleur-de-Lis, a French cafe chantant who
comes to America for the dollars, devel
oped ability that with proper nourishment
should place her in the front rank of
vaudeville artists. She dances well, sings
convincingly and, given proper material,
might be something of an actress.
Harry Ford, who is Injected into the
farce' as -a baker for no obvious reason,
is one of the best palmers that ever ap
peared on the stage here. His card tricks
are exceptionally good. William Law
rence, who figures in the cast as a husband
with an unappreclative wife, assumed as
a specialty the character of a "down
east farmer, and showed In dress and ac
tion a perfectly typical specimen of bu
colic Yankeeism. Unfortunately for the
success of his act, the stories he tpld were
old, and his song, to. the tune of "A Hot
Time," fairly tottered with accrued years.
Bernard Williams,: as a French visitor,
was fairly successful, and Frank Rowan's
representation of a lawyer's clerk in love
with the French singer was good. The
farce calls for performers appearing in dif
ferent parts of the theater in trough
house" work, and this feature seemed; to
please the audience vastly. The play will
continue throughout the week.
If you want to see a good knock-me
down-and-step-on-me show, one of the
regular old horse play and dancing shows,
go to "Rudolph and Adolph" at the Cali
fornia. Don't anticipate too much in the
line of plot; don't even' look forward' to
high-class farce. What you will see will
make you laugh, but you will not be able
to explain why. The' brothers, Charles
A. and H..P. Mason, are good; they sing
some funny songs and do some funny
steps. Miss Bessie Phillips is a clever
dancer. Miss Rutter and Miss McKenzie
are comely and there are fourteen girls in
pretty dresses to nil in the chinks of the
piece with songs and poses. This consti
tutes you money's worth, but you don't
get more than that.
Wenona and Frank's rifle shooting de
serves a better place than at the begin
ning of the programme. It is stunning.
The holdovers are all good. The Water
burys and,Tenney play on any instrument
that happens to be around and make
music; Tom Browne does double-stopping
on his whistle to continued wonder, and
Crawford and Manning's black face turn
makes twenty minutes' persuasive laugh
ter. BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
I did not see Herbert Lloyd at the Or
pheum last week— my loss. Yours, too, if
you have not. For those who have so
far missed him— though most of the town
seemed to be In the big theater yesterday
afternoon, Lloyd's turn in the vaudeville
dictionary would be called a comedy jug
gling act. There is enough of the juggling
to go round and much less than one wants
of the accompanying fun. Lloyd's humor,
like lightning, never strikes twice In; the
same '.place. When you expect another
dig in the ribs it chucks you under the
chin, and waiting for another chuck -you
are caught In the midriff. Just the dif
ference between Lloyd and the others of
his kind is the difference 'between Miss
Tyson of McWatters and Tyson and Elfla
Fay, the difference between cleverness
and genius. And Lloyd's, like Miss Fay's
fun. Is difficult to nail down. To say that
he takes off an overcoat and then brushes
his hair, before a glass in the back of it
dots not suggest hysterics, but it goes
far to induce them. Also to write that his
disrobing act— the discarded overcoat "dis
covers" him in a ballet skirt— conducted
behind a screen thiat'modestly reaches to
his knees can be rapturously (and de
cently) funny, is to invite Incredulity.
But so it is, as funny as the incandescent
wart on Mr. Lloyd's nose, or as the
dummy legs he tacks on and folds round
his neck. If humor* be the incongruous
and unexpected this humorist has cer
tainly struck paying soil. V
There are good numbers in plenty on the
bill, a dog and cat turn among the new
ones, that even the Orpheum has not seen
bettered. The beasties are Goleman's,
and handsome creatures they are. They
do everything but talk, and seem to do
that. Pussy is a novelty on the stage and
one wonders why after seeing these clever
little animals. Two of them, a snowy, blue
ribboned aristocrat, and a gray Angora,
showed at least as much intelligence as
the dogs— with whom 'they appeared to be
on anything but the proverbial terms.
The children shouldn't miss these.
McWatters and Tyson have a cleverish
and odd turn in "Scenes From a Dressing
room," in which they Introduce some
capital imitations— so far as McMatters
goes. Miss Tyson does not quite get
there. She does 'the monkey trick a la
Fay, but there i3 too much and too many
of it. It -is not the flash of apish mimicry
of Blfie Fay, but a fieaful chart of the
little brother of man. Her drinking song
is much better, though suffering from the
same overplus of detail, and Miss Tyson
is singing on a sprained voice — one
wouldn't mind, but the original happens
to be gocd. The acts ends with an illu
sion, Herrmann fashion, that becomes a
little trustful as three nymphs where but
one was put In an appearance after the
vanishing lady has duly vanished. They
bring some new songs. v"
Cadigan was last seen alive at 11:30 p.
m. on Sunday. October 18, by Hugh Drls
coll at the latter's saloon at 24 Moss
street. Cadigan had been drinking to a
considerable extent and when he left
signified his intention of immediately go-
Ing to his home at 1610 Leavenworth
street. That was the last seen of him un
til his body was recovered from the
waters of the bay yesterday morning.
The transfer found in his pocket bears
the date of October IS and was Issued
on an inbound car of the Eighth and
Eighteenth street line. None of the light
face figures denoting a. m. or the black
face figures denoting p. m. are punched.'
As the portion of the transfer bearing
the midnight numeral is missing, it is
supposed that Cadigan after leaving his
friend's saloon walked to Eighth street
and boarded a car bound toward Market
street, receiving a transfer from the con
ductor. It is supposed that he fell asleep
and rode to the end of the road on the
return trip. <• As the car stops but a short
distance from the bay at Kentucky and
Eighteenth streets he may have alighted
and staggered into the water. An effort
will be made, to find the conductor who
issued the transfer in an endeavor to
clear up the mystery surrounding Cadi
gan's tragic end. ¦ #
With' features so horribly distorted as
to be almost unrecognizable the body of
William Cadigan, the grocer who mys
teriously disappeared last Sunday night
was found floating in the bay off Beale
street wharf yesterday morning by John
Nellson and Antone Kohle. The body was
secured with a rope and removed to the
Morgue by Deputy Coroner Mike Brown.
There was nothing in the "pockets of
the deceased that would tend to establish
his identity, with the exception of a
bunch of keys and a transfer of the
Eighth and Eighteenth street car line,
.dated October 18 and bearing the number
05543. Late yesterday afternoon Michael
Drlscoll, a partner of the dead man in the
grocery and bar at 1612 Leavenworth
street, and John Moynihan called at the
Morgue and viewed the remains. They
were unable to positively identify the
deceased. In company with Detective "An
thony they repaired to the grocery with
the keys found in the pocket. The keys
were tried and found to fit all of the
locks, and thus the identification was
fully established. \
Manager Vosmer had stationed four
men at the guy ropes to cut the balloon
from Its moorings. It was understood that
these men were to respond to a given sig
nal,-but they became confused and made
an error. Before the rope that confines
the balloon overhead had been released
the big bag started skyward, carrying the
aeronaut with it. The balloon lunged to
ward the ground, and as it did so Ware's
body struck a small fence and smashed
the structure to pieces.
Then the inflated bag dropped lower and
the aeronaut landed on the ground. His
left wrist had been fastened to the tra.
peze, and when the balloon again ascend
ed he went with it, hanging by one hand.
The crowd stood in terror, knowing that
an acldent was inevitable. The balloon
pitched about, and in almost a second
Ware was thrown on telephone and elec
tric light wires, and with the parachute
dropped to the ground.
When picked up Ware was found to
have been severely burned on the arms
and shoulders. The current burned the
rope that connected the balloon with the
parachute and the balloon started sky-
CRASHES INTO FENCE.
Two weeks ago Beals, who was an ex
perienced balloonist, was killed near the
chain of lakes in the park. He was in
the act of making a descent when he sud
denly released his hold from the para
chute and dropped nearly fifty feet to the
roadway beneath him. When taken
to the Park Emergency Hospital It was
found that death had already ensued.
Charles Vosmer, manager of the gardens
from which Beals made his last ascent,
conceived the* idea of a benefit for the
dead man's family, and after a consulta
tion with the owners it* was agreed that
the proceeds of yesterday's entertainment
should be donated to the widow and or
phans.
Ware, who was practically a novice in
the business, offered to make, an ascen
sion. . He declared that the cause was a
good one and that he would assume all
risks. His ofTer was accepted and he ap
peared on the grounds at the appointed
time. There was a strong wind blowing
when the balloon was being Inflated. The
current of air that came from the ocean
caused the immense bag to sway to and
fro, art* when the time for the ascension
came considerable of the gas had escaped.
WARE'S NARROW ESCAPE.
¦ A dramatic balloon ascension waa made
yesterday afternoon by Claude Ware, a
Boldier in the Sixty-fourth Coast Artillery,
at the Coney Island gardens. Owing to a
mistake in releasing the balloon the aero
naut was hurled first against a fence,
then, to the ground and finally thrown
upon a string of electric wires, where he
was severely burned. That, he did not lose
his life is a miracle.
A peculiar Incident of the accident was
that Ware- was making an ascension for
the benefit of William Beals, an aeronaut
who was killed two weeks ago. He volun
teered his services, although he had made
but three ascents, in the interest of char
ity, and the feat almost brought him to
the same fate that the man whose family
he was "assisting suffered. It was corisid
ered singular to the large crowd assem
bled that he was not killed. When he ap
peared in the gardens after having landed
on the wires and ground a round of con
gratulations was in order. *
"Spotless Town" Begins a
Week's Run at the Grand
Opera House. \
Remains Are Found Floating
Off the Beale Street
Wharf.
Claude Ware, a Soldier, tha
Victim of Accident^
at the Beach..
A Play That Contains
Good Specialties on
at California.
Disappearance of Wm.
Gadigan No Longer
a Mystery.
Dashed Against Electric
Wires and Severely
Burned.
BODY OF GROCER
IS FOUND IN BAY
HERBERT LLOYD
ORPHEUM'S STAR
NARROW ESCAPE
FOR AERONAUT
THE SAN FBANCISCO; CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1903.
12
ADVEBTISEMENTS. J
During the past week we have received large
shipments of NEW GOODS in the following depart-
ments, all of which will be sold at our usuaJ
XjO"W" PRICES:
CLOTH DBPT.
We will show in thi : - deDanment comDlete
linss of new Amazon Cloths, French Broad-
cloths^ English Venetians, Coyert Cloths*
¦Beavers, Golf Skirtings and Velvet Cordurous,
¦ These 'come in all the latest shades— also
. hlack. special— 45 pieces genuine Amazon
Cloth, 50 inch?s wide, all shades, 3i uard,
FLANNEL DEPT.
New printed French Flannels -latest pat-
terns In Persian effects, stripes, dots and
bordered—also plain colored French Flan-
nels, all shades, Scotch and English Tennis
Flannels in great variety Eiderdown Flan-
nels, best aualitu, and Embroidered Flan-
nels, special— 75 pieces 37-inch heavu
Twilled English- Tennis Flannel, striped
and plain colors 5Oc yard,
CURTAIN DEPT.
New Lace Curtains in Battenberg, Irish Point, Ara-
bian, Nottingham, Saxonu. Ruffled Net, Mairas and
Novelty Curtains, Tapestr'u and Velour Table Covers,
Couch Covers and Portieres, Lace Bed Sets In Bat-
. tenberg, Irish Point and Nottingham.
special— 150 pairs Arabian Lace Curtains, 15 dif-
ferent designs $3.00 pair.
LINEN DEPT..
Complete stock new Table Linens, Table Cloths, Nap-
. kins, Towels, Doulies, Hemstitcriel Sets, also Hem-
stitched. Trau Cloths, Scarfs, Center Pieces and Tea
Cloths in plain linen, damask ahl htf/.d embroidered.
special— 250 dozen Hemstitched Huck Towels, full
size and pure linen — $3 oo.dozen.
Twr f~\ *T^ 1"T* Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
l^lvJ' 1 JH/ All orders for samples or goods filled
— y - and shipped same day they are received.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
VISTA DEL VALLE WINES
This is the week to lay in
a supply for your winter's
REDUCED PRICES ALL WEEK
'.'.-; '¦-'¦: ..-:.'¦ >/- V- ¦.'• ' '
No better opportunity tc
show California's wines—
that is her best wines— $3 5 C
to $8 50 case less our special
October offer
REDUCED PRICES ALL WEEK
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea — reg'iy 50c lb ? 40C
Bee brand Ceylon and « „»
8 other flavors 2 1Ub /0 Q
Coffee-^7//a/<rwa/a-reg'ly 25c lb 2O(
Largest importation from Central
" America— why is it ?
PureVde foies Gras 20c
7>i'c<vnv/T7/— French eoose liver —
sandwich paste — reg'Iy 25c .'
Pirn-Olas— Baby 3 bottles 50c
Olives with pimientos
reg'Iy 20c - 6 oz bottle
Olive Oil — French 55C
G. B.&CO.— reg'Iy 65c qt bot
Casti le SOap — French 2 5C
Lots of lather— reg'Iy 30c bar-
white — rich in oil
Horseradish mustard 12JC
Piquant relish for boiled meats —
reg'Iy 15c bottle
Cheese— Eastern 2OC
\ Martin— full cream— reg'Iy 25c lb
Lentils— German 3^ lbs 25C
Serve with boiled ham-reg'ly 10c lb
Ginger— Preserved 30C
Crosse & Blackwell— .
reg'Iy 35c porcelain jar
Peas— Sea Foam 3 cans 50c
Small— sweet— delicious—
~ reg'Iy 20c can
§ WA
; ; w. t, Hess,
Notary PnTjllc and Attoraey r »t-I.aw.
Tenth Floor.' Room 1015. Claus Sprieckels bldr.
• Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence.* S21 California" St.. below Powell.
<•• Residence. Telephone James 1501.
BO WEN?
•Jl..* CO j
Olives — reg f ly35cqt 30C
Rich— wholesome— big bbek ones
Sardines— French 30c
Ski p. l:ss— boneless —
reg'ly 35c large can 2 CflnS 55C
Candy — reg'Iy 23c Ib 1 5c
Peanut — molasses — fresh — jood
F\gS-Cali/brnia-Kg'lyi2)4ciA<g IOC
Hamamelis qt 40c
Extract of Witch hazel—
Yz pint 15c — pint 25c
Brillantine— Frenc h 20c
Imparts life and lustre to the hair—
regly 25c bottle
Cologne — reg'Iy 55c bottle 45C
Johann Maria Farina
Toilet paper 3 pkgs 50c
1000 sheets-extra large size doz $ I 80
medicated-wire loop-reg'Iy $2 50 doz
Liquor department
Scotch and Irish whiskies
reg'Iy
Highland Club Scotch) «, 0,.^
Kitlycroy Irish/ * ** C
Caledonian Scotch $135 $* I 5
Highland Nectar " 150 I 2C
Whisky— Old stock $i 15
Not quite so old as some we sell
but as pure as is made 4 5c
reg'Iy $1 50 bottle— $6 gallon
Claret — reg'Iy 50c gal 40C
Pure— f ruity-a health tonic to some
Sarsaparilla— Soda $i 5c
Schweppe's— wholesome—
sparkling— reg'Iy Ji 65 doz
Sweet cider gal 40c
Pure apple juice just from the press
reg'Iy 50c
BIG CATALOGUE FREE
432 PINE 232 SUTTER
2800 California 8an Franclac«
13th and Clay Streets o~*.~--
/ph SPHEROID (Pitenisd) ffes
I H Eye Glasses VI ]l
\!t'2i Opera Glasses (Jyi
/T Scientific j^i
/*Y Instruments i\
I /Kodaks, Photo Goods
Weekly Call, $1 per Y«*r
Pale babies become rosy and
pretty babies when fed on
Mcllin's Food. Mcllin's Food
;o beautifully printed paces of helpfti] hint*
about "The Care and Feeding: of Infants,"
bound in doth, will be sect you free if you
ask for it. .,
MELLINS FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
Guaranteed Pure. |
None So Qoo$» §
Sold Everywhere U
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. W
Pacific Coast Agents. S
iSHIRTsj
i| ARE THE BEST B
jj AT THE PRICE |
Rheumatism
Erighfg fllseaee, brick du*t deposit, bed-
wetting, snivel, dropsy, diabetes.
Cured with
One Bottle / :f|||g
iMcBurncy's /^» N %<S8
Kidney and fej /W
Bladder Cure f? "X
Relief !n 20 min- *^i Jk
w vtft. Expr*M!8 pre- >—*^ S^J^
a paid $1 fiO. Send 25o to \V. F. McBur-
3 nry for five days' treatment.
I 220 6. Fprlss *t.. Loi Angeles. Sold
• by <JrursTi*t«.
RAD WAY'S BEADV IIELIEF ha» stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years u >
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures ail Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, Bran'
chit!*. Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
He«d*che. Toothache and all pain. - Znternailr
tor igAlarts. tad &U Bowel Pains. All dnisrists.
_^__ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
lldilllj nflADBdTBrir ii!!^
GREEN TRADING STAMPS GIVEN ON EVERY ARTICLE SOLD IN
OUR STORE.
If you ahould tU« week buy enoujrh groceries at these orioaa to ia«<- L««
aU winter you would make no mistake. If you are tired of nivinJ -t i« I J
for your family groceries come here. Here is a^ Ust 5f >«e25S Tstoplv £?«£
manufacturers' or packers' prices to dealers. Ton can bw » c».i « « J .
buy a can at wholesale prices. It will not require muShmort tim. fa/SEn ?*
come to this bijr wholesale rrocery than it would for you "iiromd tK?J£
?c^W O . r w O e°ev. firrCCe^ We rlVey0U th ° advaata « <* r o«°Aeft"uytoVpJw«
250 boxes Finest Salinas Hurbank Potatoes, reiy. $1.40 now ' an
1S00 8C4uarea Klnest California Creamery Butter, reg. COc •» souares 2- e
1C0O squares California Creamery Butter, fresh reg. .10c now 5l! c
1O00 dozen California lance fresh ranch Egg*, 'tpc &5c ' now "" 7,1°
500 dozen California store Eggs, fresh, reg. 45c. now * ".,„
90 sacks Sal Soda, 17 lbs. for 25c; 58 lbs... .".'.'.'.' 'min?
15 drums Kona Coffee, ret. 2. r >c, now 5^ Ib^ . •--... .^ vi.oo
2S sicks Softshcll Almonds, rpg. 20c. now 2 lbs '.'.'. •'¦' ' .:J°
Solid car Finest Eastern Hams, most all brands, re* 10c" now ' " "f5 c
«i car Eastern Puro Leaf Lard, 3-lb. pail. 86e: 5-lb. OOo- ld-lb' si •>»
2 cars Best FJour. 50 lbs., *1.1B; 100 lbs..' HZ.'Zr, \ bbl" 1UIO --v S.'^i?
1000 sacks Pure Cane Sugar on orders, 20 lbs ' "•»«/«»
1000 10-lb. sacks Flour. Yellow or White Cornmeal."sack r* 1 ,;""
:m cases res. 10c packages Corn Starch, 4 for H-
11 "omT lb?. n Crtcked Rlce* 8 . 1 . 1 ! 1 . 06 :."^.!^: * Vj lbs -'™e: S ib«:" . Whoii" *RI«Je."8oi; °
Pi lbs. small or large White Beans or Red or Biyo ' '''.'"'V. ' ,'••-"¦ c
0.1 sacks Finest Pink Beans. 7 lbs '.'.'.".' ' ' Z-
Fine.«t Mlehlpan Maplo Syrup, qt. Rlass Jars, Soc; pal. can '" »I «)H- *5-eai "iarkit ' 'ill '<rn
15<H) lbs. Michigan Pure Maple Sugar. 1 lb.. 15c: 2 lbs 25c- 3 lbs Jacket. .$4.70
7 l-lb. pk;s. Cleaned Currants or 6 1-lb. pkgs. Seeded Halsin's .............. •••*«»C
S00O 5c sacks Salt. 3 for lOc; 50-lb. sack Finest Table Salt ' ?"• ?-
115 boxes Finest Eastern Soap, large bars, 8 for . • '.'.'.'.'.I.'.' "'*
32 case b Pure Olive Oil, % pts.. 2Oc; pts., 35c; qts., 05c; >4 irai *1.25- eal V-~«m»
19 rases full quarts I^jcca Salad Oil, bottle..,...'.... . .... .J ' **—». ?ai .... 9^.04)
7 casts Cross & Blackwell's Mixed Pickles, re^. 40c. now" " "' ' Z'A°
6.1 cases full qts. Chow Chow, re? ,40c. now 2 for '" »t»c
13 cases Fine Comb Honey. 2 combs, 25e; gal. Strained" Honey.'can!'.! '.'.'.'. '.'.'.'. 'An?.
Lemon or Vanilla Extracts, $1.15 size. OOc; 70c size 35e- tOo iilie *'S-c
rure Spices In cans, any kind. 4 tins, 3Oe; Ib-cans ..... ¦*' ' «Q C
New Imported Cocoanuts. 2 for .;... »" ' "fS**
112 chests imported Finest Teas, just arrived— Oolong. English" ' Breakfast ' "ce'ylon
fSStSSS SSB^J&^8^S!g^w«S »« «* «*&??£&
750 4-lb. cans Finest Imported Mocha and Java Coffee, imported ' by " Coffee" Growers'
Plantation Colony of Java, in bean or ground; Introduction price, can.... TKo
S5 cases laree bottles Snlder's Catsup, reg. 25c- now 2 for ""?£
7 cnits Deviled •. Ham, 7 cans.... ; ># f. ••-•• ...t.^n
22 cases Babbitt's Washing Powder, 177«, 8 pkgs '.'.'.';'.' ".'":. ,'2 C
3 25c jars Mustard, prepared, now 3 for.. '..'.'.'.'.'.'. ' oVj c
27 cases good Imp. Sardines, 6 cans.. ... .......' !!!!!!! ••••....... •••.*!(•
48 CRFes Baltlmnre Oysters. (5 cans. 45c; 12 "cans »k .* ; '"""""" "*"yl. c
All Canned Creams, 3 for 25c; 12 cans ; . .«»>c
1« sks. very fine Dried Peaches, drafted with apricots 4 lbs .•••¦¦¦ .ibj.uu
15 lb*. German Primes. 2,">c; 02 lbs. ........... ...'.. •••••••••••••••........ ....^.»c
11 cases Assorted Canned Soups. 5 cam, 25c; 11 cans ...'.'.'. •••¦---• ...ipj.uu
250 cases best packed 2-Ib. Tomatoes, 4 can< 25c- 1" cans '"" '.""2r' c
Most all Bakine Powder made in Boston, 5-lbV can '" ' .••••i'' c
0 Hacks Evaporated Dried Apples, extra nice, 4 lbs •••••........... •'A2 C
« cp.ses C-lb. cans Sauerkraut. 3 cans........ ; ,. • • ', ' -' "'••'¦*'2 C
14 cuafs 3-lb. cans solid oacked Sweet Potatoes 3 cans!!!..'."" t'lZ
COO 1-gal. cans Pure Salad Oil. reg. $1.25; now .'.......... •••-... jsoc
C5 cases Falrbank's Gold Dust. 2 for... '..-.-. ....ioc
1 ton 9-lb. sks. Rolled Oats or 10-lb. sks. Rolled Wheat""... .j.>c
18 cases l-lb. pkgs. Citron. 3 pkg«. ... ..............,....*oc
38 dozen finest un'on-made Broom*— 70c broom, now 45c; 6oi' broom.' no w*35c : " 50c
broom, now 30c: 40c broom, now ......'..........; • -• •¦' 0*
4 cases Royal Ann*- Cherries. 50c bot. . now ...j«hj
16 cases very fine utringlesa Beans, can 10c; dozen .....'.'.'*.*.'. .".'.'.".'!!'.* if l'.io
7 cases gal. Pi* Fruit, gal. can each. 25c $1.50 Angelica Wine gal 00-
$1.2."> bot. Stomach Bitters, now ..75c 7-year-old Baltimore Bourbon. Ral.."«l.75
Absinthe, per bottle ..50c 1 $.3 to $4 Bourbon or Rye Whisky... .. :«2.15
$1 bot. Jamaica Rum, this week. ........ «Oe r>-year-old Maryland Rye gal 81 ni
$1.25 full quart Fernet..... .OOe $1 bot. .ColltK« Club 'Whisky ../...Hop
$1 bot. Old Brandy, this week. 50c $1.25 -bottle Malt Whisky. ............ 5o<-
$1 Flrte Old Gin •. . . .50c Old Forester Gin, gal: ................ ,»1.«5
$1.25 Irish or Scotch Whisky, bot..... ..«Oe Holland Gin; 'imp.; gal... ft».5o
25c bottle Claret ........ ............ 1 5c Old' Tom Gin., gal ... s . .*2.V5
35e bottl* Port or Sherry 2Oc Old Peach Brandy, gal.'. ....«a.4O
$1.25 O. P. S. Whisky, bottle. ........ :..<SOc - Old /.Apricot Brandy, iral-.: ...«2.OO
B-year-old Old Crow Whisky, bottle O(»c ¦ Imp. Jamaica Ttuin, en\... :...,*2TS
O-year-old • McBrayer Whisky, bottle.... «Oe Blackberry Brandy, gal:. ............. .82.00
$1 bot. Silver Crescent Whisky.. :..... '.5Oc 75c Oaret,' gal., this week. /:...... 35c
'$1.25 . bottler Vermouth v ........ . .5O« >\ $t.BO Port or Sherry, gal:, this week. . .«5c
California Beers. . dozen. . .... .... . , . . .ft 1 .10 : $5 Irish Whisky. .. ...... . . .. . . . . ;.'.'. .A2.5O
$5 to $« Bourbon or Rye Whisky. ... .A3.OO r $5 Scotch: Whisky, gal. .:...."........ .S2.5O
$4 to $5 Bourbon or Uye Whisky. ... .92.50 imp. Vermouth gal. .........'......;. .»1.5o
$1 bottle Rock and Rye ..5Oe ,8-year-oId: Brandy." gal.v:. ......... ...*2.OO
tl Peach Brandy :........ :5Oc Old Kentucky Whisky, gal ....... .... .91.65
»1.10 Anric-ot Brandy ..................;. .OOc / , r . / ' .. ¦ ¦ •;. ,.-. .. ,- -.-
/mmmaaawvwlI . A " order » amounting, to $2 and over will be I *.~~~~^^*~~^. '
%»^~~7^\™*Il Slivered to any part, of the city or suburbs. CP^B^^St^SSl
-^_i ) .Jones. st. or Hibernla Bank. :;'./ - -•¦-.. .' S'*^***^-***^******^
— ADV35BTISBMEJITS.
There's no question about
getting your money's worth
here, and you will not leave
us with a suit or overcoat
that is not a perfect fit,
\ smart and stylish. This
means a whole lot to good
dressers. It should mean
as much to you, ydur boy
or child; besides, every gar-
ment bought here means
money saved. COME
DOWN TO BROWN'S and
learn the true meaning of
good quality and little prices
WE EXPECT YOU.
BROWNBROS.&O9
WHOLESALE MI lUN A M R CTAILFNQ
clothiersI IlllUiL"! lAn direct to you;
S6-518MAHKEI SIH-NMIHIItf