A FTER tiventy hours of perilous voyaging on an improvised
-**¦ raft. Second Mate Arthur Ravens, and Ole Gunderson,
Charles Blombat and F. Johanssen, sailors of the wrecked
steamer South Portland, were picked up by a boat from the Spo
kane about noon Tuesday 15 miles belqzv Cape Blanco and 12
miles off shore. Five of their companions on the raft, had suc
cumbed to exposure during the night preceding. The rescued men
corroborate the story that Captain Mclntyre abandoned his ship
and many of the crezu and passengers. . / . .
# PASSENGERS:
Mrs. Fletcher Bent.
Mrs. W. E. Tyrrell.
William Tyrrell.
t? TyToincre
C. Hollenbeck.
D. McKay.
Paul Reimuth.
J. C. Wright.
J. Watson.
OFFICERS AND CREW:
William Coleman, steward.
George Jackson, second cook.
E. Humphrey, seaman.
John McKenzie, carpenter.
B. Doherty, fireman.
P. Wolfe, oiler.
First Assistant Engineer Chas.
Huston. «
DEAD AND MISSING.
Continued on Page 2, Column •• 1» ,
Continued on Page 2, Column 5.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 21.— J. L. Barnelt
was arraigned before Justice Chambers
to-day charged with an assault to murder
his 15-year-old son, who now lies at : the
Calif ornla Hospital. As it is yet too early
to^determine the resultof the boy's' Inju
ries, examination of ;! the prisoner, was
ferred' until Friday, when, ; if the ; boy : is
still unable to appear, the case will again
be postponed.
Murderous Ftther Is Arraigned.
SPECTATORS APPLAUD
WOMAN'S DEATH STRUGGLE
Boa Kills Tamer While Crowd Cries
"Bravo" ai^ What' It Supposes
Is Acting.
BERLIN, Oct 21.— A young woman was
squeezed to death by a boa constrictor at
Voeikllngen, Prussia, to-day, while giving
a performance In a menagerie. The spec
tators thought at first that her screams
and frantic struggles as the snake tight
ened its colls were part of -the show and
applauded and cried "Bravo" at the "real
ism" of her acting. The attendants, how
ever, saw the woman's danger, ran i 'in,'
beat the snake and slashed 'lVwlth knives.
The woman was dead when released. .
Oiler John : Driscoll - gave \tl*e following
account of , the wreck during Ma examlna-
on the' steamer. South Portland
Octber 19. We further find from. the evi
dence that i Captain ' J. B. Mclntyre was
criminally negligent. in his duties as.mas
ter in abandoning , the wrecked ' steamer
before seeing to the safety of the passen
gers : and . crew. V . . ;
,, The above was; the verdict returned to
night by i, the .Jury* impaneled by I E. W.
Jensen, Justice ; of <, the .'.Peace, } and . acting
Coroner of Curry County, for the purpose
of inquiring; Into" the cause' of : the death
of Charles * L. .- Huson, » first • assistant '¦ en
gineer y of i the ' steamer South 1 Portland,!
which"; was wrecked i on Capo • Blanco: reef.
Monday! evening last. 'The Jjur'y ; toTik the
testimony^of several of. the^ survivors^of
the wreck 'and aftef ;i a .hearing "lasting
twelve , hours that the captain
should* be } censured* for leaving '; the ship
lri 1 the firsts boat."> v -',y . '..;;.'
v _^ ORT ORFORD, Or., Oct. 21.— We
find that Charles L. Huson came
Jar to his death from' exposure upon
4L a life raft, . having been wrecked
¦ "Half an hour after -the boat struck, I
should ; think, . arid \ after she " t ~- had ."gone
down, I "[ saw.;; the raft we" had made 'to
westward of us. We were close ' to* It; a.t
one \ time. , When ; I ¦ came •" on • deck ' I ¦ could
see \ not' more [ than : 200 yards." \\ The engine
was stopped \ when l we " struck, but r lt was
started fup ¦; agalnfai terwardJ '- After^v the
first boat had left the shlo the mate eaid
tlonat:the Coroner's inquest:
"I was on watch [ when' the ship struck.
I felt her strike and. came on decki'
.Twenty minutes after, before I got per
mission or i orders »to " go on . deck, ' some
onej I do not know.who,' called all hands
out of the engine-room. When I came up
out of the engine-room two boats had al
ready, been lowered, and one hanging in
the davits turned over. . I - left the phlp
on' the life raft.' .There-was one life raft
and a raft was made impromptu.,, I could
nor tell ; exactly ' how.; long after ; the ship
struck I before " she J sank, hut It iwas ; still
afloat when I left. We pulled away^ from
the ship, as we were afraid of the suction
when : she went down and were off ' cuite
a distance when she sank. t
he would try. to - get Cm snip In as close
to shore as he could and she must have
run . about . fifteen minutes with that end
In view.; There were, two men .who swam
from .^the emergency raft to ; the' : life raft
we were on.": - .
LOOKS FOR LIFE
PRESERVERS BUT
CAN FIND NONE
JT/ESLIE BAKER, a passenger, said:
\mi' t "When , the , ship struck I was In my
~f- berth. . I. came on deck immediately,
and left the ship on boat No. 2. In it was
Captain Mclntyre; but in the lowering of
the; "boat everybody seemed to have
charge*. .. I helped [ladles .into the boat
'which. turned over..; The'. boat was righted
' again, " and we tried ; to i pick up all : people
possible. I did not know Huson.' the dead
engineer. *'^HMK9KMM9BBBBI^bBB9
; ."Captain. Mclntyre's. boat was ¦ the -first
from a frail raft twelv*
~M •% miles oft shore, when death seem-
Jh^ ed inevitable and almost welcome.
'<&^k. sea-beaten • and exhausted, there
come out of the Insatiate
maw of the ocean four men from the
wrecked steamer South Portland to con
found the paltroon commander of the
sunken ship. Captain Mclntyre. They are
Second Mate * Arthur Ravens and three
seamen, Charles Blombat, F. Johanssen
and Ole Gundersen, who. with eight oth
ers, were left upon the stricken vessel by
the captain without - other means of es
caping a ' grave in the deep than what
they could put together with their own
hands from the . material torn from the
deck.
. Under . the direction of Second Mate
Ravens, who appears to be one of those
rare heroes whom danger only hardens
and sharpens, the abandoned passenger*
and crew, wrested loose the twenty-foot
strongbacks supporting the bridge, ' and
cleating these with hatches on one side
they improvised a raft three feet In width.
This - they launched only a . few minutes
before the South Portland slipped from,
the rock which had gored her side and
sank forever to the bottom of the ocean.
Second Mate Ravens stayed on deck un
til the raft was in the water. The first.
launch$g was disastrous. The frail craft)
capsized, ' and three of the original dozen
wer& washed away. One of these was the
carpenter, John McKenzie, and another
was Steward William H. Coleman. The
third was a' seaman, who was probably
Charles Petersen, although none of the
survivors are certain of his name. The
last man disappeared immediately be
neath the, waves! .Ravens threw the car
penter, a bench from the deck of. the ship
and a hatch to Steward Coleman. Both
of them caught the supports and when
last seen were afloat.' The remaining
nine, having - righted the raft, got on it'
Coroner's Jury of Port Orford Passes Severe Censure on Cap
tain McIntyre for Abandoning Ship
"On this course the line will be from
-tight to twenty miles north of the pro
visional boundary line from Fairweather
a short distance northward and then on
• a fairly direct course to the rear of Yak
utat Bay. thence from peak to peak by
somewhat circuitous route to Mount St.
Eiias. Marked map follows to-morrow
. "SIFTON."
. OTTAWA, Ontario, Oct. 2L— Premier
Leurier has receded the following cable
• gram from Minister SIf ton of the Interior
Department, who prepared the Canadian
caps in connection with the Alaskan
• boundary: • '""
'XONDON, Oct. 20.— Laurier, Ottawa:
•Award slgnwd to-day by Chief Justice and
.Commissioners Root, Lodge and Turner,
they being, under treaty, a binding ma
jority. The line commences at Cape
• Miixon. goes directly to the northern en
.trtnee of the channel between Wales and
, Sitklan islands, proceeding northward
between eaid islands to Portland chan
nel, thence along the middle of Portland
channel to its head. From there the line
is formed by golr.s from peak to peak of
the mountains, a Pittance from tidal wa
ter varying from ten to thirty mllea,
npeakir.g generally. When opposite Thom
as Bay u >e u ne stops undefined from
there to a point about fifteen miles north
c.t the head of Tnku Inlet, thence follows
the peaks of the mountains about north
¦ westward to White Pass; follows the
etmsslts cf White and Chilcqot passes
i hence by peaks c f mountains to Mount
Falrtreaxher. passes close to the police
pest situated near IClchJnl River.
COURSE OF THE BOUNDARY.
British. Agent Traces Line as Fixed
by the Award.
ti T'J^V*, the jury,'find that Charles L. Huston came to his death from exposure upon a life
£>£/' raft, having been wrecked on the steamer South Portland; October. iglWe further ...
\xT;>L : . . find from the evidence that Captain J:B. Mclntyre iivds criminally negligent in his
duties as master in abandoning the zvrecked steamer before seeing to the safety of the passen
gers and crezv/'— Verdict of Coroner's jury impaneled by Justice of the Pedce-E.W. Jensen at
PortOrford,Or: ; ,.! : • * .¦/-•, < • ; • ' ; ' : ¦
The meeting will also consider the an
nulment of the contract by which Clark
& Co. have been acting as fiscal agents,
of the company and decide upon the re
moval of the offices of the company from
Washington to NewTork.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2L— James V. Dlg
nowity, Edward L. Dignowity and Ed
ward V. Dignowity and Charles Hedges,
owners of cne-thlrd In par value of the
stock of the Mexican Mining and Explor
ing Company, have called a meeting of
the etockholders of the company for Sat
urday, November 7, to consider and act
upon the removal from offlce of former
United States Senator John P. Jones of
Nevada, president; First Vice President
Eugene Davis, Secretary F. G. Norrls,
Treasurer E. C. Clark, General Counsel
John K. Cowen, and Frank K. Gtllespie
and E. C. Bryan, directors.
Large Owners in Mexican Mining
and Exploration Company Propose
Changes in Management.
STOCKHOLDERS DEMAND
REMOVAL OF OFFICERS
JURY HOLDS CAPTAIN NEGLIGENT.
Only Four Out of
Twelve Jtre
Saved.^
The wrecking of the Conetable de
Rlchemont was due to a peculiar mistake.
The rock on which she struck was mis
taken for, a- ship and the vessel, ap
proached it for the purpose of hailing and
requesting. provisions, of which the Con
etable de Rlchemont; was , very short. It
Is thought that the vessel can be saved
yet with the assistance of a tug.
The boat containing the boatswain and
seven of the crew separated from the one
containing Captain Raubt October 14 and
took a southerly direotion. It is thought
that the boat will reach Hawaii safely, as
the light reflected from the crater of
Mauna Loa will serve as a guide from afar.
The other missing boat, containing the
first mate and seven of the crew, drifted
off in a northerly direction, where It will
likely cross the path of the Oriental
steamers and be picked up. The French
Consul here -has requested the Federal
authorities to send out the United States
tug Iroquols in. search of the missing
boats.
HONOLULU, Oct. 2L— The French bark
Conetable de Rlchemont has been lost, on
French Frigate Shoals and sixteen of her
crew are missing. Captain Raubt with
the carpenter, cook and three seamen
reached Kaual on Sunday in a small
boat and arrived here this morning. Cap
tain Raubt reports that his ship struck
the shoals at 4 a. m. on October 10 in a
dead calm and had to be abanodned twen
ty-four hours later. Two boats with slx
teen men are missing, one In charge of
the first mate, who is the son of the cap
tain, with seven men, and the other con
taining the boatswain and seven men.
These two boats are without provisions
nnd a searching expedition may be or
ganized to look for the shipwrecked men.
The Conetable de Rlchemont was bound
from Hongkong to a South American
rort.
Survivors Re late the
Story of Cruise
of Raft
French Bark Wrecked
on Shoals and
Abandoned. x
SURVIVORS OF "WRECKED SOUTH
PORTLAND RESCUED FROM
LIFE RAFT BY THE SPOKANE.
CREW IN BOATS
WITHOUT FOOD
Laderman agreed to assist in the theft
of the Jewels on condition that there be
no killing. He secreted himself In the
garden of the woman's villa. When Fou
geres' maid came into the house she was
bound and gagged by Giriat, who then
treated Fougeres in the same manner.
After handing Laderman the Jewels Giriat
strangled Fougeres, whom she hated.
Then, in order to dispose of the witness to
the crime, she strangled the maid. Giriat
then asked Laderman to bind and gag her.
This he did before leaving the villa with
the Jewels.
PARIS, Oct. 2L— A man named Lader
man shot himself to-day at Lyons as. he
was being arrested by the police in con
nection with the murder at Aix-4es-Bains
last month of a woman named Eugenie
Fougeres. His' condition is critical. La
derman's brother tells the following story
of the crime, which, he says, was arranged
between a woman named Giriat, known
in certain circles as "La Nubienne," and
Henri Bassot. her lover.
Laderman's Brother Says the Woman
Strangled Eugenie Fougeres
and Her Maid.
GIRIAT'S ACCOMPLICE
TRIES TO Trn-.T. HIMSELF
Pizzetti.
John McKeown, oiler.
J. Driscoll, oiler.
W. Hughes, fireman.
W. Robertson, fireman.
James Alwood, seaman.
C. Johnson, seaman.
Ole Gundersen, seaman.
Charles Blombat, seaman.
F. Johansscn, seaman.
THE SURVIVORS.
PASSENGERS:
W. L. Wilson.
L. Baker.
Guy Bent.
OFFICERS AND CREW:
Captain J. B. Mclntyre.
First Officer Charles Bruce.
Second Officer Arthur Ravens.
Chief Engineer James Ward: "
Second Assistant Engineer T.
At first the mysterious deaths were not
understood and all occurred , after the
eating of cabbage. Then a farmer In
"White County, In gathering cabbages,
discovered a worm about two inches long
and about the size of a needle. He says
that when he touched the cabbage the
worm on it shot out its tongue like
a snake and acted in every way like a
reptile. Becoming alarmed, he sent the
worm to the State Chemist, who reported
that it contained enough poison to kill
fifteen persons. £ i- , V ; v '
The worms are so small that It is hard
for housewives to find them when pre
paring cabbage for cooking, and many
have been cooked in this way. The cab
bage crop Is great in this section, but
the discovery of the poisonous worm has
made K a complete loss. Up to this time
no scheme has been devised for getting
rid of the worm, or reptile, that has been
the cause of so many deaths.
GAINESVILLE, Ga., Oct. 2L-<3reat loss
of life is reported in the counties of
Northeast Georgia, due to eating cabbage
saturated with poison by a strange worm.
During the past few weeks persons
coming here from White, Townes, Union,
Dawson,, Forsythe and other counties
6urrounding them have reported scores of
deaths from this cause.
Special Disi>atch to The Call
pendence cf Great Britain as a result of
the disappointment felt at the alleged be
trayal cf Canadian Interests in the Alas
• ka boundary settlement. Public men all
over the West are denouncing the decis-
Jon in warra terms and most of them de
• ellne to believe that Canada got anything
like a fair deal in thp judicial considera
tion of the questions submitted to the ar
bitration tribunal.
Mayor Thomas F. Neelands of Van
couver said to-day In a public statement:
'•While the present bitterness may not
. result in the annexation of Canada with
' t "the United States, it certainly seems to
rr.e -to- be paving tne way toward that, or
et least to Canadian independence of the
mother country. Independence would
probably be the best medium between the
extremes of the imperialist on the one
hnnd and the ar.nexatior.ist on the other."
Rev. Elliott S. Rowe, D. D., who, with
t}Tf? Chief Justice of Brttirfi Columbia, has
jusl been conducting a Government In
quiry into labor disputes, said this after
noon:
. -."I think the award was an outrage on
• Carfaca. I am a strong Britisher and al
• nays have been, but if the imperial au
. t^orities are going to give away the coun
try in smell sections as they have done in
this case, we might as well go over to
Ite United States in a body and be done
with it. We might then have some say
In the government of the country and the
• disposal of its territory. _,'. : '.
_; "It looks to me very much as if we had
won the case and lost the territory. There
Is nothing, in my opinion, that could be
done that would more strongly favor the
annexation sentiment than this award.
There Is one result which the award
ehould produce. That is the immediate
construction of a line cf railway into the
Klondike through Canadian territory.
Whether this will consist of a spur to the
rorth cf the Grand Trunk Pacific or some
other line time alone will tell."
. The Dally Province, the largest after
noon newspaper in British Columbia, says
editorially: "Dismissing then all further
consideration of the fact that we have
been robbed and ceasing to protest
Against a crime accomplished, it remains
tor us to give attention to our future
course cf conduct for the protection of
our rigbtB and the preservation of our
territory. It eeemB to us that our Federal
Government should at once demand from
the mother country the recognition of the
prlvi>g8 cf malting our own treaties
where the boundaries cf Canadian terri
tory are called into question and that in
the event cf arbitration we ehall be at
liberty to select as the third and deciding
voice In euch a tribunal any power we
r=ay agree upon jointly with the other
VANCOUVER. B. C. Oct. 21.— British
Columbia people are talking: annexation
with the United States or at least inde-
Special r>toatch to Tbe Call.
Bay the Way Is Being Paved
• for Joining the Ameri
can States.
Death-Dealing Pest Has the
Appearance of Tiny
Snake.
Heavy Loss of Life
Before Cause Is
Discovered.
Public Men Advocate
Independence for
Dominion.
Growing Rage Over
• the Alaskan
Decision.
Poisonous Worm
Claims Georgia
Victims.
SCORES DIE
FROM EATING
CABBAGES
CANADIANS
TALKING OF
ANNEXATION
SECOND MATE ARTHUR RAVENS AND FOUR SEMEN
OF WRECKED SOUTH PORTLAND PICKED UP AT SEA
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1903.
PRICE , FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 144.
The San Francisco CallREDDING, Oct: 21.— After digging and
scraping • around in the gulches and hills
of the -, Happy Camp district in Slskfyou
County, for, many, years and v,'ith .little
success,, an old miner. named. Howard has
at last discovered aclalm thai le beHeves
will bring him a fortune.. He has already
tai-en " out. a' very substantial nest egg.
'Howard on last Saturday: was digging
away in his accustomed manner. He had
about | given up hopes of j finding a j color
a/- was preparing to go to his cabin for
the night. "He* decided to .'y once more
and in less than two, minutes he had
picked out an almost solid ; gold nugget,
valued at $3060. Howard did not sleep that
night for, excitement and he is now laying
off arid celebrating. the ever.t. -
'The Happy Camp district has a number
of fich placer. mines and is'om of Siski
you County's best producing sections. The
iindi.ig of the large nugget has caused a
good -^ deal \ of excitement" in the district
and' it' 13 expected', that another' rich
strike will- soon be made. »
SISKIYOXT COUNTY MINER '
MAKES A RICH, DISCOVERY
."I was on the bridge at the time. :- 1
stopped the ship, and Captain Mclntyre
came on the bridge right after and called
all hands on- deck to lower boats in case
it was ifecessary. The captain, at my re
quest, took charge of the first boat leav
ing. I think he did all in his power to
save the passengers and crew."
y^IRST OFFICER BRUCE, in his evl
' '.fi. : dence, after stating that the ship
•* struck at 4:40 p. m., went on:
FIRST OFFICER
SENDS CAPTAIN
INTO THE BOAT
FRESNO, .Oct. 21.— A. G. Wishon, man
ager o£ the! San . Joaquin Electric .Com
pany, of, which v H. E. Huntington is the
head, received a telegram to-day Inform
ing him that the application of the com
pany for a power site on Tule River had
been apprpved by the Secretary of the
Interior at Washington.' The location is
on Government land, hence. It was neces
sary to obtain the permit. . This news is
important to the company, as it has had
several applications before the depart
ment for power sites In the mountains
within the reserves, and this Is the first
one that has been granted. The others
have not been rejected, but have not yet
been acted upon. . . .
,The. company will begin at once the
building of a power-house on this site,
which Is twenty, miles east, of Porterville,
on the forks of "Middle Tule and East
Tule rivers. < This .is. the highest head
that has ever-been undertaken, the pres
sure being 2258 feet, nearly half a mile.
The first. 2900 feet of the pipe line from
the Dbwer-house , will ,' have a fall of , 1500
perpendicular feet. , The conduits will con
sist mostly of ditches, and will have three
or. four tunnels. The; total length will be
about 4000 feet. The plant will give about
6000 net horsepower, which/will be turned
into the Hanford end of the plant to sup
plement'the present power, and will also
cover ..all of Tulare. County, . wherever
there is demand for power, a part Oi.
Kings County and the southern end of
Fresco County. ; •
. Wishon stated to-day that work would
begin 1 " on this mammoth project as soon
as plans can be ; made and bids received.
It Is expected to-have It completed within
a:year.v.- ¦>..,./.,.'¦:• "' .. / . : .^~'~
San Joaquin, Electric Company Ee
: ceives Valuable Concession Frpm
Government.
SECUBES POWEB SITE
. - ON THE TULE RIVER
The steamer did not blow any whistle
after she struck. The captain could not
have stayed on board long after she
Etruck, as he had gone when I came up
out of the engine-room. The ' mate had
the ship started and tried to run for the
beach.
yOHN M'KEOWN, one of the oilers,
- * was In bed when the ship struck:
He got down into the engine-room
ten minutes later. He said:
"I was rescued on a raft I do *not
know who was in command of, the ship
when' I came on deck. The boats had
left the ship, 'and we went to work get
ting rafts ready and overboard. The mate
told the hands to hurry and get. the rafts
ready, for the ship would go down In a
few moments. One raft would not hold
all the people, so we had to make an
1 other. . • '
ONE OF CREW
SAYS CAPTAIN
LEFT HIS SHIP
<y* ORTLAND, Or., Oct 2L— W. H.
&J Patterson, a Columbia River pilot,
• who took the South Portland to
Astoria, 6ald this morning:
• "The talk of the vessel being overload
ed is all nonsense. When she left her
SHIPPERS SAY
SOUTH PORTLAND
NOT OVERLOADED
boat to' leave the ship. I do not know
what the captain was doing at the time
of the lowering of the boats. The. first I
saw of him was when I saw him In the
email boat. I saw another boat adrift a
short distance away. When we were in
the, davits there were five passengers In
our boat. Our boat turned over when we
struck the water, and when I came up
I cot into the boat again. The way the
boat happened to get loose from, the
steamer was by one rope which ran
through the tackle becoming loose on the
other davit I did not see any one with
a life preserver on. I went to get one for
a lady and could not find any."
PORTLAND, Or., Oct 21.— While enter-
Ing the harbor last night, about 9 o'clock,
the steamer Regulator ran into the
steamship Elba, which was moored at
the Oceanic docks. As a consequence tha.
Regulator Is laid up for repairs. The
railing on her starboard sjde was broken,
a bttt on the hurricane Ceck was crushed
Into ' kindling wood, her roof was badly
damaged and she sustained several other
minor Injuries.
! There were about sixty passengers on
the steamer and ..had any of them been
on deck they probably would have been
killed. >
A. heavy fog overhung the river last
night and the steamer got out of her
course. For an hour previous to the acci
dent she was creeping along at a snail's
pace, feeling her way. This Is one reason
that the collision did not result more
seriously. Had she been going at* her
ordinary pace her entire starboard side
would have been carried away, and
many of the passengers undoubtedly
would • have been precipitated into the
river.'
The damages will amount to about $500.
Steamer Regulator Bun3 Into the
Steamship Elba at Portland.
COLLIDE IUT THE HARBOR.
BAdng Besults at Walla Walla.
"WAI.LA WALLA. Oct. 22.— Results at th-»
¦Walla Walla. County Fair:
Thr*« and a half turlonjr*— Btlly Man°a
won. Queen T second. B. C. Green third. Time.
:43.
Five furlongs— Old Man won. Ellis Glen gec
ond, Allesandro third. Time. 1:02ft.
Seven furfone* — Vassal* won. Fondo second,
Burtock third. Time. 1:31
2-12 pace — Rota H won. Harry Hurst sec
ond. FranciMio third. Time. 2:11%.
2-2T trot — Belle Storm won. Helen r«.orta
second, HeUen third. Time. 2:16.
"The lifeboat then being righted, the cap
tain, a sailor and the chief cook and one
other passenger were In It I called to
the captain that I had a lady with me
and that I had an oar, and- he made an
earnest effort to come to our rescue by
using the rudder as a paddle. We were
then about fifty yards from the lifeboat.
When I was about fifteen yards away, the
sailor threw me a rope and I pulled, up
into the boat It was Just before the rope
was thrown to me that the lady sank.
"The boat was .filled with water and the
captain made us all sit in the bottom so
that we would keep it steady. The water
was up to our mouths. Just then Leslie
Baker and a 12-year-old boy named Guy
Dent came floating over, to us on a mast
that had been lost out of the lifeboat We
had an oar and the sailor made' another
of the mast and with the assistance of the
oar I had saved we managed, after four
teen hours, to reach shore Just half a
mile south of Port' Orford. We could not
"At 4:30 p. m. on Monday I was getting
shaved in my stateroom when I heard an
awful crash and Jar which caused the bar
ber to cut a big gash In my face. The
chief officer then came and ordered' every
one on deck as they were about to lower
the lifeboats. The captain and chief offi
cer then went below to see what damage
had been done and found about four feet
of water in the hold and the ship was
filling very fast . .
"During that time I was In the captain's
room trying to pacify two ladies who were
very much perturbed, t returned to my
stateroom and procured three life preserv
ers for the ladies and one for myself, but
we had not the time to put them on.- We,
got into lifeboat No. 1 with the captain
in command. Just as the boat reached
the water she was capsized by a heavy
sea and in a moment we were all strug
gling In the water and had drifted a con
siderable distance from the ship on ac
count of the undercurrent. One of the
ladles had her arms around: my neck and
together we sank twice. When we came
to the surface the second time an oar hit
me a terrible blow on the head. I man
aged to get hold of It and I also put the
lady's arm around It, but at this time
she was about exhausted, as she was un
able to keep her mouth closed and swal
lowed considerable water.
'jb/f ARSHFIELD, Or., Oct 21.— The
JWJf following Is a statement made
•'"¦* by W. L. Wilson Jr. of Balti
more, a passenger on the wrecked steam
er South Portland: /
GIVES CAPTAIN
GREAT CREDIT
FOR COOLNESS
y^LAMEDA, Oct 21.— Leslie F. Baker,
¦fT who "reached shore safely In the
*^^ boat with the captain and others
from the wrecked steamer, is the son of
Mr. and Mra. F. G. Baker of 1207 Grand
street, Alameda. He was on his way
home from the Northwest, where he had
spent three months with two companions
on horse ranges In Oregon, Washington
and British Columbia. Baker graduated
with the June class of this year from
the Alameda High School. While attends
ing that institution he was active In ath
letic affairs and was an expert baseball
and football player and bicycle rider. His
parents believe that the outdoor life he
lived while on the ranges well fitted him
to withstand the hardships that the sur
vivors of the lost vessel suffered.
Young Baker wrote to his mother from
Portland Saturday, informing her of his
Intention to leave Sunday morning by the
South Portland for San Francisco. Mrs.
Baker received the communication yester
day afternoon and shortly thereafter wa3
apprised by 'telephone of the , disaster to
the ship, lit was not until late last even-
Ing, that: the members of the family-ob
tained definite news- of the safety of Les
lie. ,;. To-day jthe young man telegraphed
his parents that he would make hfs way
to Roseburg, Or., and from' that point
start for home by rail. . • ¦ :r-
LESLIE F. BAKER,
WHO IS RESCUED,
IS OF ALAMEDA
William L. Wilson, reported as' being
among the survivors, Is not known to the
agent and is believed , to have been a
stowaway. . " ¦
Duflon says twelve passengers paid fare
from Portland and none were taken on at
Astoria. In addition to the twelve regu
lar passengers Mrs. Fletcher Bent and
her son made the trip as the guests of
Captain Mclntyre. **
*y^ ORTLAND, Or., Oct 21.— Although
jLJr the South Portland was licensed to
' carry only twelve passengers she
had fourteen on Hoard her at the time of
the wreck. San Francisco advices state
that she carried eighteen, but this is pos
itively" denied by General Agent- P. F.
Duflon. • , ' . . ; ." ¦•
WILSON IS SAID
TO HAVE BEEN
A STOWAWAY
Jt TEW YORK, Oct. 21.— Known as the
-A/ Miller, . the Bteamer
X South Portland, just wrecked on
the Pacific Coast, was seized eleven years
ago by the Federal authorities in this
port on suspicion of being a filibuster.
She. was boarded on the strength of a
statement that the cargo she carried was
contrabrand, consisting of munitions . of
war for insurgents in Venezuela, ,head«d
by Joaquin ' Crespo. The Minister from
Venezuela Insisted that Francisco Gbn
zalos, as' agent for Crespo, shipped the
war materials, but the Government had
to recede > from" its position, and in April,
1894, '¦¦' a verdict of $600 was rendered
against the United States for Illegally
detaining the ship.
Captain John O'Brien, known as "Dy
namite." who achieved considerable fame
as a blockade runner In Cuban waters,
commanded the Miller.
SOUTH PORTLAND
ONCE WAS HELD
AS FILIBUSTER
Second Mate Ravens Is an intelligent
seaman and he told a plain, straightfor
ward and convincing story of the wreck
and the incidents before and after the
catastrophe. He said:
"We had an uneventful voyage, from
Portland up to the time we struck off
Cape Blanco, Monday morning the fog
was thick, but we proceeded on our way
at the usual rate of speed. »I was on the
bridge at 3 o'clock In the arterncon, when
I was relieved by the first mate. The
captain came on deck and took the log
book below. When he returned he told
A BEAVE MAFS STORY.
It was the keen eye of Captain J. C.
Eagles. In command of the Epokane, that
first discovered something on the ocean
a tnlle to the eastward that looked as if
It might be a raft containing men. This
•was twel\"e miles off shore and fifteen
miles b*low Cape Blanco. Earlier in the
morning he had passed a hatch and a
hoathook marked with the name of the
South Portland, and these gave him the
first, suspicion of disaster. From that
time on the officer on the bridge kept a
Fharp lookout for possible survivors, and
when the captain went on watch he al
most immediately descried the raft and
Its exhausted occupants.
Captain Eagles did everything in his
power for the stricken men who had
battled bo rallantly with death and won.
When the Spokane docked at 6:15 last
night at the Broadway wharf his
kindly care was ex'ldent m the appear
ance of the rescued mate and sailors,
who showed little traces of their terrible
experience.
When it had about gained the zenith
"one of the watchers made out about j a
mile to the westward the spars of some
craft. The four wretched castaways got
upon their feet and shouted "until their
voices failed them. The ship passed on
to the south and then was seen to stand
by. It was a moment of excruciating
agony and suspense to the shipwrecked
four en the raft. To the north the weary
ryes of Second Mate Ravens saw another
set of spars. With mute lips and staring
f>es, the four watched while a boat, with
R. D. McGillivery, the first officer of the
Bpokane, In the bow and four pair of
sturdy a'rms bending the oars, appeared
on th« cre^t of the sea and headed In
their direction. It was only a few min
utes before the castaways, were aboard
the Spokane and were given dry clothing,
plenty to eat and drink and a warm, dry
berth In which to forget their harrowing
experience In the sleep of utter exhaus
tion.
CASTAWAYS SEE A SHIP.
Ttie long . night, . unlit by a single star
or ray of light, came to an end at last
and dawn broke. The caunt wayfarers
with death kept their haggard eyes
*tr%incd to the horizon, despairingly
searching for a flutter of" canvas . or a
puff of smoke to apprise them » that -on
thai broad expanse of restless water
there were ships ami men and succor^for
their roiserj'.- They had no ' means of
knowing their location nor how far they
might have drifted from the T beaten track
of ocean going commerce. .The sun showed
dimly through. the fog at first and then,
rising higher and dispelling the mi*t. beat
down upon the head of the menaced mari
ners, , increasing the tortures of their
thirst.
For nearly twenty hours the four sur
vivors buffeted the angry waves, their
comrades dropping off one by one, dying
of exposure and exhaustion and welcom
ing the" end of their : sufferings. All
through that long night the rough waters
snapped at their lives, catching and' pull-
Ing down into the green depths more than
hiilf-of-. the liUU band. -First to succumb
•was Abe H. Maddox, a waiter, who stood
only two hours of the buffeting, and died
with his cold fingers clasping the edge of
the hatch. His body was tossed over
board to lighten the raft .
Two hours later the messboy, Manuel
Rios by name, was discovered dead, and
his body was consigned to the waves.
Next one «f ' the passengers. Judged to
be .J; 6. -Lahey, gasped away his life
through the salt and spray washing over
him. Another passenger, who may have
been Paul Rainmuth, followed the beck
oning band of death. George Jackson,
the second cook, was the last to die. He
was .so weak at last that he could not
Bit upright on the raft and the four sur
vivors were too much exhausted to sup
port him longer. As each man died his
body m*as thrown to the waves In order
to lighten dhe burden of the raft. Dur
ing most xTf the night the survivors stood
in water up to their waists. As each
¦white face disappeared over the side the
craft, raised In the water and when
the nardv four were rescued they were
able to sit -on the raft without the water
covering ihieir- heads. • .'
During all the hours of their helpless
drifting they had no . water. When they
reached to cast off the body of the dead
cook one fcf the sailors found In the pocket
of his' Jacket three apples. These were
divided as evenly as possible and
*agerjy> devoured : by the four famished
men. • ...¦'•• '• •
THEY FIGHT FOB. LIFE.
a nd • cast '- loose from "« the rapidly shaking
snip. ,
In answer to a question concerning Cap
tain Mclntyre, Ravens refused to be
drawn into a discussion regarding his
superior officer. He would say nothing
further than that Mclntyre left his ship
before the passengers or crew were pro
vided for and rowed away Into the fog.
Ravens was the last man to leave the
doomed vessel and he thinks that about
an hour elapsed between the time the ship
struck and the moment when the last raft
was cut adrift.
The three seamen rescued with Ravens
told the wune story as the mate. They
were very happy- at being saved after
having: lost all hope. They said that none
of them could have survived the waves
and exposure for more than a few hours
longer.
"When morning broke the fog Ufted
6lowly and we kept a sharp lookout Short
ly before noon we saw the spars of two
ships to the west. We shouted until our
voices gave out and then we saw first one
and then the other stand by. We ascer
tained afterward that they were tfie
James Dollar and the .Spofcane. After a
Itfng wait as it seemed to us, we saw a
boat coming toward us and maybe you
think we weren't glad. We were able to
walk up the ladder of the Spokane with
out assistance. Captain Eagles treated
us the best he could and gave us every
thing we needed."
'Time and again the raft capsized and
turned over on us. but we four mannged
to retrain our frail hold on It each time.
I think the raft turned turtle at least
twenty times during the night. There
was not a heavy sea running or w« should
all have been wasned away.
"The fog was so dense that we could
see nothing ab^ut us and night came down
on a hopeless band. There were no rock
ets nor guns on board of the South Port
land with! which we could notify those
on ehore, or on passing craf f, of our dan
gerous situation and we had little expec
tation of being picked up In the darkness.
One of the waiters died from exposure
after we had been afloat about two hours.
Soon after another on the raft succumbed.
Before morning five had gone overboard,
dead, there being no attempt made to
keep their bodies because the raft was
terribly overweighted.
HELP COMES AT LAST.
"When we first launched the raft the
carpenter, steward and a seaman were
thrown Into the eea by Its capsizing. I
threw them a bench and a hatch and the
carpenter and steward were still floating
when we drifted away. We were caught
In the fog and soon lost sight of the ship
and the other raft. I think the vessel
must have gone down soon after we left
her. as she was filling fest. We left no
body on board.
"The first mate took command and gave
orders to start the engines, hoping to be
able to beach the ship, which was sinking
fast. I measured the water* In the bilge
and found four feet right after the crash.
We tried for fifteen minutes ' to j get the
ship under way. but were unsuccessful.
The first mate started to launch the life
raft while I got what assistance I could
from the crew and passengers to con
struct a raft to hold those who would be
unable to embark on the life raft. We
tore down two strong-backs and nailed
hatches across these, I had intended to
nail hatches on both sides of the strong
backs, which would have made a much
more seaworthy raft, but the -first mate
-called to me from the water, where he
was to hurry and. embark as the ship
was about to ! sink.
me we were off Umpflua River. "When I
went below I -made my own reckonings
and determined we were between Umpqua
River and Cape Blanco.
"I was in my berth asleep when I felt
a Jar. It did not feel as if we had struck,
but more as If the engines had stopped
suddenly. I Jumped to my feet and looked
at my watch. It was 4:25. I got on deck
as quickly as I could and met the first
mate on the bridge. He told me we were
on a reof. The captain came on deck
and ordered the lifeboats manned. I took
charge of lowering the starboard boat
and the captain took the port boat.
There was absolutely no excitement or
disorder among the crew or oassengers.
"Four people piled Into the boat I was
launching and it capsized, throwing them
Into the water. All of them were drowned.
One of tlfe davit ropes t>roke and th«
boat drifted away. The captain got into
the port boat with about twelve of the
crew and some passengers. This also
capsized, but they succeeded in" righting
it and seven of the occupants, Including
the captain, regained their places. The
captain and those in the boat rowed away
from the ship, leaving us all behind.
TBTES, TO 6AVB SHIP.
draught was- thirteen feet forward and
sixteen and a half feet aft. This is a foot
less than she drew on the last outbound
trjp. I inspected the vessel and her cargo
was carefully stowed. There was not the
least bit of a list either to' starboard or
port, and the cargo could not possibly
have shifted so that the vessel was down
at the bow when she sank."
Brown & McCabe, the stevedoring firm
which loaded the South Portland, are em
phatic In declaring that the cargo was
properly- stowed and could not possibly
have shifted unless the vessel got into
hard collision with some other craft.
"The story that she was overloaded is
foolish," said McCabe. The Lloyd rating
of the yessel at" 585 tons net carrying ca
pacity Is, according to all who know the
ship, an error.
- "The lost vessel was a big carrier and
had a capacity almost equal to that of
the Columbia of the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation fleet," said j i one prominent
stevedore,, and he added that the South
Portland seldom left this port with less
than 1200 tons of cargo. All of the cargo
carried by the steamer was shipped from
thrs port and the aggregate tonnage was
1026.— Of this, 500 tons were wheat, 150 tons
oats and 386 .- tons barley. This was the
lightest cargo the South Portland has
earned for a long time. On the trip prior
tffthe "'one when she went on the rocks
the vessel had a cargo j of 1120 tons.
see a star all night and any moment we
expected to be pitched on the rocks. Just
at the" break of day we saw two islands
and we felt confident that the shore was
not. far «way. Had It"' not 'been for the
captain and chief! officer not one of us
would have been saved, as they were cool
and deliberate throughout it .all.."
The tug Columbia has returned t here
after being outside' thirty-six hours in a
thick fog and rough sea, searching for
the life raft from the steamer South Port
land. Captain James Magee said that he
had all he could do to look after hi3 own
vessel In this weather among the rocks
where the South Portland sank. The life
saving crew is outside at Cape Arago, but
unable to reach \ the wreck in the foggy
weather. The telephone line went down
to Port Orford,- cutting off communication
with that point at 4:50 this afternoon.
Communication will probably be opened in
the morning.
Continued from Page 1, Column "7.
OMLYFOUTt OUT OF TWEWEQMMmWCr
m r^.mFf^MVE :^Q TEliL OFWRMBLE TRIP
THE SAN FBANCISCO .;; CAXp; THURSDAY,: OCTOBER 22, 1903.
Continued from Page 1, Column 6.
CORONERS JURY
" FRESNO, Oct. 21.— Mayor Stevens has
started a crusade against the promoters
and principals, In 'he Solomon-Sharkey
prize fight of last Monday night. The
Mayor has laid the matter before* Wstrlct
Attorney Jones and that official Is look
ing- up the law to see whether prosecu
tion is possible. The Mayor says that In
his opinion' the contest was not a boxing
match by any means, but a prize fight.
Mayor Objects to Prize-Fighting.
It Is safer to Revisit the scene of crime
thanlto/hark back to the hauhta of
former haDDiness.' , _ 1
: Itching. Blind. Bleeding or Protnidins PHe«.
Your druggist : will refund money ; -' If . Paxo
Ointment tails to euro you in 6 to 11 days. 50c*
A Guaranteed .Cure for Piles.
LOS ANGELES," Oct. 21.— According to
the best- information, obtainable on the
subject, the i citrus ; fruit [ crop, % which will
begin to j flow eastward next month,- will
be the largest ever : grown In SoutHern
California by 10,000 ! carloads" It is esti
mated that the entire crop '< will approxi
mate 35,000 carloads,' and may, exceed even
that.\' : t^^^^^HHHBHMB9HHII
Large Yield of Citrus Fruit.
2
PTHE CALL'S NEW FEATURE. 0|
\ Musical Education for 1
I Children. BY ANICE TgRHU^
I ' ; ..;- TO APPEAR IM WEDNESDAY'S CALL EACH WEEK.
II 1500 to 2000 words, once a week, illustrated.
U The writer is ANICE TERHUNE, song writer, formerly di-
i rector of music in the College of St. John the Baptist, New York.
Eg >• Several articles of this series were submitted to F. H. Gnswold,
I the "musical sharp" oi the Chicago Record-Herald, who expressed
H himself concerning them as follows: . -
0 "It seems to me these articles would find many readers, as their *
¦ tone is pleasant, ' and attention is called to things which might |j
H otherwise escape the notice of parents who wish their children to n
|] study music The comparative newness of the plan "would probably. |f
H tend to make many anxious to know how it is applied to the teach-* H
§3 ing of children." |j
II : Mrs. Terhune says: "The course is designed to enable parents to ft
Ij give home musical education to their childrem Each step is^ ex- »|
II plained in such a way that any mother, even though she herself may »j
I] not be a musician, may impart the lessons to her child. The jprac* 1 j
H tical results will at once be apparent. v . !.j
If "I have not given a theoretical disquisition on music, but hare N
I] explained each detail simply and completely, as though I were a on- B
H sic teacher delivering the lesson to a pupil. . "> 'j
pi . "Although these lesson* have never before been printed, many j
|| competent musicians have gained their entire knowledge by the u
B course I have set down, and I can "guarantee success to any one ||
R whp will conscientiously follow it. ..•/_.. J|
H ;; ; ''Each step is explained with a simplicity that brings it within "tt
I] the reach of the least precocious child. .. • ,||
|l . "Many people do not Understand the necessity of getting the ||
y muscles of the hands and arms into perfect condition for playing be- fj
§1 fore attempting to use them at the piano. This all-important fea- m
H ture I have fully explained, and the course begins with'some light ex- J
|J .ercises for fingers and arms given in such a way as to make them ||
H ' interesting and entertaining to both pupil and teacher.
|j "These first exercises wiil also be' of .great value to persons
O . further advanced in music, whose progress is impeded by jack of
B manual facility.
ft ¦ "In connection with this I teach the pupil how to practice., Prac-
M . ticing is in itself an art, and much time may be saved and mental .
B strain be avoided if the student understands exactly how to work.. T .
w "How to acquire a sweet, ringing tone and to gain control over
Ij the technicalities of the piano come next. U
M "After. this we take up reading music (and here I explain" every- M
H thing that the pupil is likely to find in ordinary music, from the sim-. 11
H plest musical sign to the most complex), memorizing, sight reading, t
9 phrasing! duet playing, accompaniments," etc. The pupil is taught I
H how to listen to music and how to interpret it. The management of k
§j the pedal is another important item, often misunderstood and there- I
« fore abused. . 1 . * I
0 "The scales, too, though frequently made a bugbear, are in thu •!
P - course of instruction reduced to a system at once interesting and en-; Ij
h tertaining to the pupil. % |j
J "Every possible aid to the student in the way of example and ex- H
1 planation is given in each branch of the subject; and also advice as {]
J to what music a child should hear. \i fj
4 "How the child's'voice should be trained so as to strengthen if |1
instead of straining it. is also taken up in practical detail. H
v, "There can be no question as tp the practicality of these lessons: [j
B Music is as easily taught in this way, by any_one possessing a thor- I!
.ough knowledge of the subject, as are hints in cooking, housekeep- g
S ing, physical culture or dressmaking." H
H The series will be rounded out with articles by «ome widely y
H known authorities in -music.' d
| SUBSCRIBE FOR THE DAILY CALL AND .FOLLOW ITS NEW SERIES OF 8
1 ARTICLES. "ANSWERS BY EXPERTS." H
POSTUM CEREAL.
and cjuicKly g£et well.
\ «¦• Jrien 3^O\J Cdn do tWiv^Gfe
»'- • '.1. ¦.¦¦-*.' ¦ ¦ -
A Reason."
I ; _ . ADVERTISEMENTS. \- - -. .
rSoMINENT CHURGlfwORKERSAYS \
SHE OWES HER LIFE TO PE=RMiA.
, : - '- ;:: -- - ••• - — — ; . HER GREAT FORTUNE.
. — _^_ r^ ir^T^^-^ A Woman Saved From Life-Laag
7"T \^=~=====^^^=r?zzf:'-]}g?; ¦¦ * i I ijj* 5 *^! Immediately wrote the doctor describing
J :: £.v;- : S : >^ —^ I If /£ her case, and giving him all her symp-
-ZZ::" :: -::: : :::-::-''''Z'''»zZ''\L * \ 1\ » • *Kv^V \ women is still open to all who> may ne*d
:::::: :: :: ':'- :: ':' : :'<'< : <<M^\^^ k VV^\- the services of this eminent physician.
-=^:-' :: t:::- : ::: : -::'':-':''^'.>M> 'lAA - * Jb \ jP*ff All letters applying for treatment wtll
-^r>C'.g\ . *J r L 1* f *Jjr*JL be promptly answered and be held
*^T^ — —Jji"""'"^^ 1 '* '^'^ r^ 3^ : = >> '/i VifrnV^V xtv. fl " Miss Annie Hoban. Post Pocahontas
,*. ot Yemassee Council of Red Men (Wo-
Mrs - -v^Xir ir\ Pf&?^WL?r& men ' 3 Branch) - rites from m EIghth
Hattlp — £^WJ/ JL &%. avenue, New York:
.1 J -BS "Three months ago I was troubled
LaFountaln |=| l $%^? _~Tt5l z9f??!?}=T- with backache and a troublesome
-_^-E/A\ O >^l^^^^^^^&fn^S^J^B heaviness about the stomach. Sleep
' C2%*zka. 1 ?^ 1^ brought me no rest, for it was a restless
&?^~5ijP*Sz^Z^SL3 " sleep. The doctor said my nervous sys-
''^^'^T I " «W*^J^r.^»^ I tem wa8 ou t of order, but his prescrlp-
•¦¦¦¦^¦¦¦k^S* 1 *™". -^ '¦^¦^¦^ tlons didn't seem to relieve me. I was
¦»•••••••••••• •¦••> »»«»•¦»•»••«•••»•¦• •••••«•>»»»»«• to i,i tna t Peruna was good for building
1 . Mrs. Hattle La Fountain. Treas. Protected Home Circle and Catholic i up the nervous system. After using It
] Ladle's of Ohio, writes from Gallon, O., as follows: « for two months I know now that It Is.
"After my first child was born I suffered for several months with \ i want to say that it made a new woman
;; -bearing down pains, accompanied by'dreadful headaches. I was afraid ] % t £^^?£Y fJo^^S «S
my health was ruined for life and felt very downcast about it. One day i Peruna aid me more good than an the
when a friend was visiting me she told me of Peruna and what it had [ other m edlclncs aV ANNiE" hoban.
I ' done for her when she suffered with irregular menstruation. My hus- Miss Mamie Powell, Lake Charles.
i band procured a bottle the same evening and I began to take it daily ac- \\ that Peruna is
,;; cording to directions. Before the first bottle was used I was entirely j be^that^m2 en i'b£f KeSchf.^
1 well, and you certainly have one grateful woman's blessing. I have also backaches and other achea every mon-n
! advised my friends to use it." MRS. HATTIE LA FOUNTAIN. \ a t^hfg t Pe^una T1 th!s 1O w a s aching b oc
• ••*•••• -»-»-•¦ 9 • » »»«••»«••• •• « • » ••«??••??•••»•»•»•? •»?¦ I the past, and I have good reason to lie
grateful I take a bottle every spring
Secretary Woman'B State Pedera *e«l that it fa but JuaUc* to weak a good * nd f a n'now. and that keeps my healtn
uouiotoijr TTUiuau d utouo a cuoia word for It> becaU8e i have found it to be per fect and I certainly am more robust
tinn SavS* "Pfl-m-na DOSS Mora sucn a rare exception. now tnan j have been before and ana
UUU Od,ya. r« ru U4 1/U«a JUUlO ..j have known geveral women who Sretehlns more. I do not think any
Than To. fllftimflrt fnr Tt " were little better than physical wrecks. one ° t, e disappointed in the results
1 nan IS Oiaimea IOr ,«• mothers who dragged out a miserable, obtained from the us« of Peruna."
; painful existence, . but were made well MISS MAMIE POWELL.
Mrs. Julia M. Brown, secretary of the and strong through the use of Peruna. . fl t derlve prO mpt and satis-
Woman's State Feaeratlon of California, I have known of cases of chronic catarrh . " +rt vi - Mt ilt«i from the use of Peruna
writes from 131% Fifth, street, Los An- which were cured in a short time, when g*to ry result s t rom uie^ or «a _.
geles, CaL, as follows:, , . a dozen different remedies had been ex-, «" ie 8t £tcment of your case, and he will
"I have never known of any patent perjmented with and without good re- {""_,„,!? t o rive you his valuable ad-
midiclne which did what it professed to suits. I use it myself when I feel nerv- f^.J >I if l _ s 5? *
do except Peruna. This remedy -does ous and worn-out, and ,1 have al- vl A a^essbr Hartman. President of The
St^^o^^^Z^ I ra a t^ac°t^y d " that SSStfST H#Sff SStUrtmn. Columbu,, O.QUEEN OF ALL
SHIPS OF WAR
TAMMANY MEN
RETURN TO LAIR
A letter In reply dated June 10 was re
ceived from H.T." Scott, chairman of the
board of the Union Iron Works; saying
that the shipbuilding company .was then
In process of reorganization and; that he
Had forwarded the'notiflcatlonto the New
York office. ~ Some further correspondence
8ACRAMENTO. Oct. 21.— In a formal
letter Secretary of State Curry to-day in
formed Governor Pardee that the United
States Shipbuilding Company has failed
to comply with the incorporation law of
the States, and it is now for the Governor
to say whether the Attorney General shall
begin^an action to" compel the company
to obey the State law. Secretary .of State
Curry informed the Governor that having
learned the United States Shipbuilding
Company, organized under the laws of
New Jersey, was transacting business in
California, he notified the company of the
requirements of the California laws with
respect to outside corporations doing busi
ness in this State. This notification was
followed on June 9, I9U3, by another of the
same tenor, warning the company that if
it did not Hie articles of incorporation the
Secretary of State * would be obliged to
call the attention of the Governor of, the
failure to comply with the law, and pro
ceedings by the Attorney General would
foiiow. B3hMMASKP?(
Fails to Comply With Law.
ARTICLES ARE NOT FILED.
United States Shipbuilding Company
Runaway Boy Is Found on Train.
:¦< SAN JOSE, Oct. 21.— A 9-year-old boy
giving tbe name of Emile Smith Vvas
taken into custody at the broad gauge
depot ; to-night. He is believed to have
run away from some orphan institution
in ' San i Francisco. The boy, who is evi
dently • half-witted, was , found in a pas
senger coach. He was barefooted and
without -eoat' and hat, and had nothing
on j but a 1, waist and , brown ' overalls. His
arms and one lesjhad at some time \h en
scalded. He can give no account of him
self. .; ¦¦'. - ¦' r-',:' : i
San Diego Loses Pioneer Resident.
SAN , DIEGO. Qpt. '-; a.— Charles S.* Hub
bell,: who , had resided here for .thirty
years, * died ; this morningr." aged 86 years.
When * he came ' here . thirty-three, years
ago he] took a ; i prominent part in : all < civic
affairs and was one " of ¦ the ' original, stock-'
holders fof - the ; Southern i .California ',, Rail
road. 5 "; He wa s for a \ number, of i years the
cashlHryof; the .Old Bank ""of San Diego
before it 'I became ¦ 'the.' Consolidated Na
tional'Bank. - :
Santa Crui to 'Have a Tent City.
SANTA CRUZ,-; Oct. 21. — ; The Santa
CruziTent" City 'is an J assured success, as
$40,000 ; has been ' raised in; five 'days ; by \ F.
W.' Swaujdri, 5 the"*' promoter.;. of 'the Tent
City? Corporation.' -•.¦'.. ' *
The man ?,who : Is an adopt at " feigning
love -Is s sometimes more^ successful Jthan
he who loves itrulybut'ls' timid.' V- f
- If. ' as the report from the north says, ah
investigation of my : firm's dealings has been
inaugurated, it 'seems to me that it has begun
very late in the (tame, ' for we have • had no
business' dealings In Oregon lands for over five
years. At that time we secured large holdings
in the north, got our titles to them and paid
our money for them. We did not know from
whom we got ¦ them, for they were purchased
through - our agencies. Like any up to date
business' firm we kept ourselves wejl posted as
regards 'valuable lands, or those "> that were
likely eventually to prove such and. as any
other firm would do, we took advantage of the
information gleaned for us by our agents. As
regards this man Schneider, referred to in the
dispatches, it is 'a fact that he was at one
time in our ' employ, but* I have not ¦ heard
from him for mAny months, and I do not-re
call any shabby treatment accorded him as the
story alleges. ;-•-•
There Is one thing that I cannot under
stand and that is how the Government figures
in this alleged investigation of the so called
flagrant" business of a lieu land ring. for. as a
matter of fact, the lands we were dealing
in were purchased from the State _and the
Government had nothlnp to do with - them.
As I have already stated this story has been
threshed out over and over again and the fact
leads me to suspect that it. has been revived
again for purposes that I am at a loss to ex
plain. •'-."% ...-/_ ¦ - . : .
When seen at his residence last night
F. A.' Hyde emphatically denied that his
firm had been guilty 'of , any fraudulent
transactions In connection with Govern
ment lands. He declared that the story
from the north was an old one and. the
hue and cry about "dummies" in the ac
quirement of lands was ridiculous.-, Con
tinuing he said:
Claims Dealing in Oregon Lands Was
;-f^C-\y. Legitimate.
HYDE DENIES FRAUD.
I PORTLAND, Oct. 21. — Uncle Sam is
digging up a stupendous lieu land graft
on the Pacific Coast. He has already
delved far enough to convince him that
a lieu land ring has been carrying on a
flagrant business in every well timbered
area on the Pacific slope. This ring has
not only acquired "base" lands by "dum
mies," but it has- debauched State land
officials, making therm partners in the
business; it has maintained in the Gen
eral Land Office at Washington agents
v/hose duty was . to "leak" information
about proposed reserves; it has cast its
spell over field officers of the General
Land Office who mapped out boundaries
of proposed reserves and has Induced
these officers, by the glitter of gold, to
conform those boundaries to its own in
terests. ¦
The central figures of this colossal con
spiracy are alleged to be F. A. Hyde &
Co. of San Francisco, brokers and deal
ers in; real estate and lieu land scrip.
The company consists of F. A. Hyde, re
puted to be the author of the lieu land
law, and John A. ' Benson,' who was in
volved many years ago in the notoriously
fraudulent Benson , surveys of California.
One day last week W. J. Burns, a Secret
Service agent and A. B. Pugh, Assistant
Attorney General in the Treasury Depart
ment at Washington, arrived at the Hotel
Portland. The -mission of . the visitors
was to secure from person's in Portland,
who have Innocently or. knowingly been
agents of the ring, evidence that will
help the Government In prosecuting the
Instigators of the conspiracy. The j
strangers interviewed a number of men !
who had been paid for the "use of their,
names in applications for $tate school
land; also notaries public who are ac
cused of certifying to fraudulent affida
vits. Men who had applied for school
land in 1898 and had sold their rights for
$5 were- called before the. visitors. They
had sold, they said, to somebody who had
uold to another somebody. But ultimately
it . transpired that the last "somebody" in
each case was one J.H. Schneider. This
man for many years was employed by
Hyde & Co. as agent. Only last year he
quit the" firm, and. forth with he began to
divulge secrets within the hearing of un
corrupted Federal officials. Thousands
of acres of school land,- it is alleged,
were thus acquired by Hyde, & Co.
The : lands went Into forest reserves.
They v were bought for that purpose.: The
reserves were "c-cated for that , purpose.
The conspirators 'k knew where ' they
wanted reserves. Reserves in Oregon and
California were proposed at their Instiga
tion, laid *off acording to their desires
and created to their satisfaction. Then
they trooped Into the local Land - Office
Agents Examine Men Who Were
Paid for Services.
INQUIRY AT PORTLAND.
The claims in question had been sus
pended by the Department of the In
terior because it was alleged certain
agreements had been made by the locator
prior to filing to sell to Charles Cun
ningham and other sheep and cattle
ranchers In that country. v-Jh?'CF-
It was . alleged toy the agents of the
Interior Department that the claims were
located for no other purpose than to se
cure patents and to sell to the "sheep
king", of Oregon, as Cunningham is
otlled. .
For many years allegations have been
made that big ranchers in the We3t
have been accustomed to , have their
herders file on homesteads, and. after
paying expenses and $200 profit to the
filer, buy the claim to add to their range.
The charge was made against Thomp
son, that he made propositions to persons
who had filed on public lands, and whose
claims had been held up. that he would
assure the safe conduct of their cases
through the tortuous channels of the
United States land offices to a patent for
$50 a quarter section.
. PORTLAND, Oct. 21.— Asa B. Thomp
son, Receiver of the United States Land
Ofllce at La Grande, is said to have been
under investigation by the Grand Jury
now in session here on a charge of de
manding money from locators to insure
their cases being carried through.
Alleged That Receiver Thompson De
manded Money From Locators.
GRAND JURY INVESTIGATES.
with their "dummies." They took what
lands they : wanted and persons outside
the ring came "too late."
A common plan of operation on the part
of speculators is to buy State lands In
closed-ln areas, which are liable to be
come parts of fprest reserves. These, it
is said, they often secure for one or two
dollars an acre, whereas, when' the res
ervations are created, the value is in
creased to $5 or $6 per acre. Governor
Chamberlain of Oregon is now in "Wash
ington conferring with -the Secretary of
the Interior concerning these land trans
fers. He claims that the State has lost
a considerable sum - in this way and is
endeavoring to secure 'a settlement which
will reimburse .the State." Secretary
Hitchcock declines to discuss the case,
but says that he will make a statement
later. j ¦ t 0
The methods of the speculators are va
ried, but the most common proceeding-Is
to secure patented lands within forest
reservations and then exchange them for
more valuable lands on the outside. Per
sons living on the western slope have
charged that some forest reservations
have been created with this end in view,
the land holders within them being re
sponsible for • creating the sentiment
which led to their establishment This
charge is among those now being inves
tlcated. .
Many entries of land under the timber
and e tone act are regarded with suspi
cion, the officials believing that the entry
men have taken the lands for speculative
purposes rather than for "their own use
and benefit," as the law requires. It is
generally believed that many thousands
of acres of the public domain have thus
fallen into the hands of speculators and
charges of conspiracy are freely made,
yet, so far no, definite effort at prosecu
tion has been^undertaken.
A great numoer of land entries in all
three of the coast States have been held
up for Investigation, but so . far no test
case has been brought.
WASHINGTON, Oct 21.— Only, general
confirmation can be secured here of the
report of extensive fraudulent practices in
securing public lands on the Pacific
Coast. Th© Department of tha Interior
officials have been convinced for over, a
year that there were various combinations
of speculators seeking control of the pub
lic lands for their own purposes and more
recently a number of special agents have
been working in the field to secure evl
den«VPf the frauds. Assistant Attorney
Pugh of the office of the. Assistant Attor
ney General for the Interior. Department
was sent to the coast to assist with 'his
legal knowledge. 'i\V ;
Thousands of Acres of Public Domain
Falls Into Hands of Conspira
tors in Violation of
Methods Adopted by Specu
lators Known to Be
Various. ' <
Schwab Asks for and Gets
S5,000,000.for Pierpont
Morgan.
NE"W YORK, Oct a.— Lewis Nixon,
who fronx a naval constructor became a
builder of warships and the president of
th« United State* Shipbuilding Company,
was the principal witness to-day at the
continuation of the hearing before Ex
aminer Henry D. Oliphant as to the af
fairs cf the defunct corporation named.
He did not finish his recital, but in the
¦ three hours that he was on the stand
he went over much of the history of the
corporation and the acts of the men prom
inent in its history. He confirmed the
claim cf the bondholders that Max Pam,
counsel for Charles M. Schwab, had sug
gested a number cf directors for the com
bination, and said that the proposed ex
penditure of $2,802,000 for improvements at
the Bethlehem Steel Works had been ap
proved by the directors over his protest
and the warning that the action might
in the end leave the corporation without
funds and wreck It.
• Nixon gwore that, after this, expendi
ture was approved, he made several at
tempts to brine about a meeting of th©
directors and that Schwab had finally
told him that he had instructed the direc
tors to remain away from a meeting.
• An «ffnrt was made to show that the
directors elected at the suggestion of Pam
had not been stockholders, but, like the
yourxg men of the Corporation Trust Com
paxy of New Jersey, who served in the
early days of the combination, had been
given shares enough to qualify, but Nixon
had no personal knowledge of the trans
action.
Nixon testiSed that, by resolution of the
directors passed in December last, Pam
was giv^en a salary of $1S.OOO a year,
which was dated back to the preceding
September. He also testiSed that, be-
Fldes his bonus as an underwriter and
the rums paid for the Bethlehem prop
erty, Schwab received a share of the pro
motion ir.oney_ part of which he gave to
Charles Gates' of the brokerage firm of
Harris. Gates & Co.
Samuel Untermeyer, for the bondhold
ers, endeavored to prove by the witness
that during the negotiations for the pur
chase of the constituent plants no one
looked after the interests of the ship
building companies, but that the unsup
ported figures and reports of John W.
Young, the promoter, were accepted.
Nixon taid that no Independent ap
praisement or investigation had been
made and they disclaimed all responsi
bility for the negotiations and financial
rart of the combination plan.
FALSE PROPECTUS ISSUED.
It was broupht out In tho testimony of
Nixon that misleading statements as to
the personnel of the directorate had been
made in the prospectus iseufd in July,
UX8, and that Young: had taken the op
tions in his name. According to Nixon,
FfrTccy was observed In payfrg the vend
ors only because Promoter Young did not
want them to know what was being paid
for each plant. There has been much
mystery over the cutting of the checks
piven to the vendors and It is possible
that the explanation of Nixon will clear
it away.
Charles Canda was the only other wit
ness of the day. taking the Ftand before
Nixon was called. He testified that the
Canda Manufacturing^ Company, for
which $1,100,000 in cash and securities was
paid, had a plant at Cartaret, N. J., built
for the manufacture of carwheels, but
that at the time of Its purchase it was
turning out some experimental work In
motor carriages. He said that the plant
would have been useful in connection with
Fome of the operations of the shipbuild
ing combination. • *
Charles M. Schwab and Max Pam at
tended the hearinsr to-day. They came
to be sworn, but remained Interested lis
tener* to all the testimony. will
testlfv later in the week.
PTTBCHASE OF BETHLEHEM.
TThen Nixon began his testimony he
told of the first attempts to consolidate
the shipyards In 1901. Andrew Freedman
The original check was produced by
Guthrie and, after identification by the
witness and a wrangle between counsel,
was offered In evidence. The check was
for $7,131,791 48, and was drawn in favor
of D. Leroy Dresser and Lewis Nixon by
C. M. Schwab, by his attorney, Oliver
Wren.
KOBE PBOFITS FOB "*SCHWAB.
The witness could not explain why,
while the agreement called for $7,246,000,
the check was for $7,191,791 43. Untermeyer
asked if there was any one at the meet
ing at the office of J. P. Morgan & Co. to
protect the Interests of the shipbuilding
company, and the witness said he and
Dresser were there -representing the com
pany. The witness said he had read the ;
agreement and seen the stock. He did not
examine the stock and understood it was
later taken to one of the trust companies i
Nixon testified that Schwab had said
that he wanted some of the promotion
profits. If there were any, in order that
he might give somo of them to Gates of
Harris, Gates & Co. Schwab said that
those who Tiad aided in the underwriting
Ehould have some of the promotion profits
The witness said he talked this over with
Young, who said he would arrange to
give Schwab $100,000 in bonds and either
$100,000 or $300,000 in stock. This commit
ment must have been in addition to the
stock bonus which Schwab received as an
underwriter. The witnees took to Schwab
a paper on the subject. His recollection
was that Gates was to get $50,000 in bonds
from Schwab.
"I did not have the check long enough
to see who signed it," said Nixon. "I do
not even know who received the check."
Nixon could not remember -where he had
signed an agreement with J. P. Morgan
& Co. for the sale in cash of the Bethle
hem Company. He had signed many pa
pers at Dresser's office. The agreement
had never been explained to him, and he
could not understand why he had been a
party to It. The witness said he had act
ed to the best interests of the shipbuild
ing company, and with no idea of any
gain for himself. He could not explain
why, after the agreement to purchase
Bethlehem from Schwab for $10,000,000 in
bonds, $10,000,000 In preferred stock and
$10,000,000 in common stock had been made,
an agreement was made with Morgan &
Co. to buy the plant for $7,200,000 in cash
and $5,000,000 in stock. Nixon told of the
passage of the check for $7,200,000 at the
office of Morgan & Co. .. :.*.<,r
Nothing was said as to why Morgan &
Co. were to receive the stock. Dresser
said he was willing to pay the price.
"When we saw Mr. Schwab again," con
tinued Nixon, "he «aid -we would have to
give him. $10,000,000 of each kind of stock,
besides the bonds. Schwab said he had
to give $2,500,000 of each kind of stock to
J. P. Morgan & Co." Vj:,;
Mr. Untermeyer wanted to know if
Schwab had represented that the Bethle
hem plant had earned $1,400,000 after pay
ing the interest on mortgages. The ques
tion was objected to by Guthrie. The
witness said he understood the 'sum men
tioned to have been net earnings. Schwab
told the witness that he had paid $7.
400,000 for the plant. This sum. with the
earnings which had not been taken from
the business, amounted to $9,000,000, the
sum for which Schwab said he would sell.
Dresser said $9,000,000 was a large sum
to raise at that time. The question of
securities then came up, and Schwab
agreed to take $10,000,000 in bonds at W. ¦
j The robbery of the Parker Jewels
caused a profound sensation. Mrs. Par
ker probably has one of the finest collec
tions of Jewels in the Territory and or
dinarily keeps them in her vault at the
First National Bank, On the night of
August 1 she and her husband gave a din
ner to a party of friends at the Alexander
Young Hotel, which was formally opened
on that night. On returning to her home
Mrs. • Parker put the Jewelry she had
worn, valued at $50,000, in her Jewel case.
The next afternoon she went to her moun
tain residence on Mount Tantalus and
did not open the Jewel case until her ar
rival there. Not all of the Jewels had
been stolen and It was at first thought
that the missing Jewels bad been inad
vertently mislaid, but after J a thorough
search the conclusion' was reached that
the jewel* had been stolen and the mat
ter was reported to the police. Detectives
were immediately put to work on the
case with the result that the coachman
was discovered to have comitted the rob
bery.
was the man who first proposed the com
bination, and through him. th© witness
met J. W. Young. The witness said the
first plan of consolidation was handled
by H. "W. Poor & Co., but was brought
out/on a bad day and failed. The wit
ness said he knew C. M. Schwab, who
told of hla purchase' of the Bethlehem
Company. The first direct proposal that
the Bethlehem Company be purchased by
thc^United States Shipbuilding Company
was made in June, 1902. The witness then
told of the meeting at the Lawyers' Club
In June. 1902, already detaileaTby E>. Le
rov Dresser.
HONOLULU. Oct. 2L— After nearly
three months of detective work the thief,
who on tho night of August 1 atola $11,
000 worth of Jewels from Mrs. Samuel
Parker has been Identified in the person
of Benjamin Gallagher, a coachman m
the employ of the Parkers.- All of the
stolen Jewels eave on« have bee© . recov
ered. The missing gem is a blue diamond
valued at $4500, and is believed to have
been sent to the -Padflo -Coast to be sold.
Owing to the fact that Gallagher was an
old employe of the Parkers and that ha
had always borne a good reputation the
Parkers have decided not to prosecute
him.
14. This order will be read to every organi
zation of this command at its first assemblage
after receipt : of the same. .
By command o}/ Major General ' Dickinson. '
CHARLES J. EVANS.
Colonel and Assistant Adjutant- General. .
followed, but there was no compliance
with the law and the Secretary of P State
is : therefore obliged to acquaint ¦ the : Gov
ernor with the facts. In his letter of June
10 Scott ": says '-¦- the shipbuilding ;. company
had' no office in ; San ¦> Francisco, simply
owning: the real estate and the Union Iron
Works leasing , property.' Under .' the
State :' law, a f oreigfn : corporation r cannot
maintain any ¦ action In '. the courts unless
It , complies ', with the terms of , : the law're
specting the filings ¦ in' the ; office . of the
Secretary * of State..
13. The National Guard of California has
heretofore held a high In the estima
tion of those officers of the United States army
with whom it has come in contact officially or
otherwise: and now that it is. brought .into
closer relationship . to the regular army by
reason of recent legislation/ and will undoubt
edly be associated more closely in fleidNand
.eamp and subjected to more rigid I Inspections
by its officers. It Is Imuortant that the atten
tion of officers and men of the guard he direct
ed to the defects that have manifested • them
selves, to the end that they may be remedied-
Let every officer and man do his utmost to
maintain and Increase the efficiency of the or
ganization by his hearty, intelligent and com
plete performance of his duty, and the National
Guard of - California will not fear ¦ comparison
with any military organization In field or camp;
but will be prepared for the ready and success
ful performance of whatever dutjr It jnay ' be
called upon to perform.
11. At «ac»> headquarters and armory com
plete sets of all orders must be kept, each in
Its . own series. Orders are not issued to be
glanced over and tossed aside, but to be
obeyed and preserved for reference. The atten
tion of all officers is called to this paragraph. -
1 12. It is proposed to have a meeting of com
manding officers at these headquarters in the
near future for the purpose of discussing mat
ters of Interest and of securing uniformity of
instruction and care of property to the end
that needed improvements be made and all or
ganizations, be brought to that degree pf effi
ciency that most of them seem to be striving
for. and that should characterize all.
Orders for this assembly will be Issued in
due time. .
10. The paper work Is an essential part of
the proper administration of a command. Igno
rance or neglect of Its details on the part of
officers often works hardships upon the en
listed men. For Instance, many men have been
deprived of their well-earned opportunity 'of
competing for prizes at target practice simply
on account of t*e Inability of obtaining the
official records of their high standing. Officers
must be prompt and careful in the preparation
and forwarding of official reports and returns
In this connection special attention Is directed
to general order. No. 1. series of 1002, issued
from these headquarters June 19, 1902.
0. Staff officers of the supply departments
have not been found well Informed as to the
stores on hand or Issued. They will fully In
form themselves with regard to these matters
for they will be. called upon for full and de
tailed information.
NOT POSTED ON" STOJtES.
7. The inexcusably loose and Irregular man
ner in which enlisted men are accounted f? r "n
monthly returns must cease. Such practices
are destructive of the well being and integrity
of a company. The law and regulations are
plain. Only those actually present and par
ticipating In the drills and other duties of the
military assemblage reported shall be accounted
for as "present." All others, whether excused
on furlough or away without leave are "ab
sent." Ther« is no excuse for mistakes In this
matter, and they must not occur again
8. Officers responsible for the care of cloth
ing and equipment must be more attentive to
their duties. Uniforms .turned in by discharged
men • must not b« reissued without thorough
cleansing and renovating. .
Brlgade commanders should visit each unit of
their commands either personally o7 by staff
officers at least once each year.
It is noted with regret that these essentials
have been generally omitted and attempts made
TtJ^S't th r" lr omJ8slon8 du *ng *neampm?nt 8
The work of a year cannot be crowded Into a
STt* ?Ll* m £\ Much can be accomplished in"
Uf kJ m ?' « Ut much mor * can °e accom
plished-if officers and men are properly in
structed at the armories during the year
6. The enlisted force of the Sanitary Corns
has been found deficient in the technical duUes
of its department. This is due to want nf
attention on the part of the officer? Medical
officers In charge of detachment™ win taki
s JfP« to remedy this deficiency at once and
.ttrattoii ? ° fflCen! Wl " a . Uo n it' their
It Is reported also that several organization*
went into camo without medical rfflceri or
sufficient supplies. Thi B l« a serious matter
and reflects greatly upon the efficiency of the
Sanitary^ Corps. An investigation will be had
anrt such action taken as will prevent Its re
«t. Re £j men tal commanders should prescribe both
the theoretical and the practical instructions
for their regiments and insure their uniformity
In the several companies. To that «nd^ney
should require their field officers to visit the
companies frequently for the purpose of instruc-
5. For the lack of uniformity and thorough
ness of instruction given the men, company
commanders are not alone responsible. It is
the duty of field officers to frequently visit
the companies under their charge and to see
that they are given complete and uniform in
struction in even-thing that the drill regula
tions prescribe— not only the usual manual of
arms and company movements, but bayonet ex-
e ' f 1111^ 1 !., 1 "" 1 ,- 0 * 1^ 10 " duty and extended
?. . .. d ottice r'» responsibility Is not
limited to the period of encampment or of as
semblies for parade. It extends throughout the
year for the instruction of both officers ; and
4. Discipline Is of \1tal importance to a
military body. In all walks of life there is
and of necessity must be a higher authority,
and that higher authority must be treateJ
with respect. This is true of civil pursuits,
and is particularly applicable to- the military
profession. An officer and the office he fills
ehould be shown that deference and respect
which are required by military laws and cus
toms the world over. There Is no loss of self
respect In observing the rules of military de
portment. On the contrary, observation of them
indicates ttot only a proper respect for them
and for one's superiors, but a healthy respect
for one's self.
8. The inspection report recommends that
Company I. Second Infantry, located at Grass
Valley; Company H, Fifth Infantry, located at
Napa, and Company H. Sixth Infantry, located
at Merced, be mustered out on account of their
deficiencies In discipline, instruction and mili
tary bearing. Action upon this recommenda
tion is reserved for the present. It is consid
ered that these companies are composed of the
same class of men as are other companies, an J
under the proper Instruction ought to show
the same degree of efficiency. They must Im
prove if they wl«h to remain In the guard. It
is therefore incumbent, not only upon their
company officers, but also upon their respect
ive battalion, regimental and brigade com
manders, to give personal attention to their
instruction. These companies, together with
Companies B. D and F, Sixth Infantry, and
Company H. Seventh Infantry, will be rein
spected at some future date, when It Is ex
pected there will be much Improvement to not«.
DISCTPUOfE IMPORTANT.
Fortunately these conditions do not appgjr to
every unit, although they ara sufficiently gen
eral to Justify the Issuance of this order. - .
The following order, prepared by Major
General John H. Dickinson, is to be for
warded to every organization of the
guard in the State and will be read at the
first assemblage of each after receipt of
the same: „
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION.
KATIONAL. GUARD OF CALIFORNIA.
Of HclaJ Order No. 8.
1. The recant annual muster «nd lnepeotton of
the National Guard baa brought to the notice
of- the division commander many deficiencies,
omleslona and regularities - which militate
against the efficiency of the guard, and to
remedy which immediate atepi must be taken.
2. It appears that the instruction of enlisted
men la not uniform or complete j'vthat disci
pline Is indifferently maintained; that the
proper relations between officers; and enlisted
men when on duty is not observed; that field
officers do not devote the necessary, time and
attention to those under their command; that
regimental and brigade commanders do not
exercise due supervision over the theoretical
and practical instruction of their commands;
that . the requisite care and attention to neoea
sary details Is not displayed in keeping rec
ords nor in rendering reports and returns; that
staff and department officers are not In touch
with the details of thalr departments and are
inattentive to the few duties they are called
upon to perform. In short, there seems to be a
general laxity pervading the guard which it
detrimental' to its efficiency and will retard IU
Improvement unless Immediately checked.
Issues Order . Intended to
Raise Standard of Citi
zen Soldiery.
Inflated Shipyard Trust
Stock Distributed,
Around.
Splendid Blue Diamond Yal
ued at $4500 Is Still
Missing.
Many Entries Are Held
Up Pending Full
Inquiry.
Major General Dickin
son Notes Some
Shortcomings.
Honolulu Police Fasten
Theft Upon Trusted
Coachman.
NATIONAL GUARD
IS CRITICIZED
PROMOTERS
TAKE MOST
OF PROFITS
DEPARTMENT
INVESTIGATES
LAND FRAUDS
PARKER JEWELS
ARE RECOVERED
THE SAN FKANCI6CO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1903.
Teacher Is Accused of Cruelty.
FRESNO. Oct. 21.— Marion D. Holmes,
principal of the Lowell School in this city,
was arrested to-day on a charge of cruel
ly beating the 10-year-old son of C. D.
Olmstead, a plasterer. The boy was sent
by his teacher yesterday to Holmes for
punishment, and the principal. It Is said,
laid him on a sofa and whipped him with
a "cat o" nine tails." It is alleged that
he cut the boy's side till the blood flowed,
and a physician had afterward to be call
ed in to dress the wounds. A great deal
of indignation has been expressed over
the affair.
Bancher Mysteriously Disappears.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 21. — F. E. David, a
rancher at Morgan Hill, has mysteriously
disappeared from his home at that place.
He had just finished caring his fruit and
the hard work is believed to have affected
his mind. No other theory can be ad
vanced for his disappearance.
NEW YORK Oct. 21.— Peace has been
declared between the Democrats of Brook
lyn and the Democratic organization of
New York over the question, of candidates
for Comptroller and President of the
Board of Aldermen.
Whether the result was brought about
by the surrender of Hugh McLaughlin to
McCarren and Murphy, or through con
cessions from Tammany in promises of
patronage is not known, but whatever the
baSis of(the agreement may be, McLaugh
lin and his campaign committee will work
in harmony with the Tammany commit
tee. The only discordant note was sound
ed by Martin W. Littleton, candidate for
Borough President, who Insists on main
taining the attitude taken by him a week
ago, when he declared against the nomi
nations of Grout and Fornes.
McLaiighlln's, x decision closes probably
the most exciting phase of "the present
campaign for municipal offices In .this
city. When Charles F. Murphy, leader of
Tammany Hall, let it be known that It
was his intention to indorse Grout and
Fornes for the offices held by them under,
the Low administration, Hugh McLaugh
lin declared that he would not support
men who had lent their aid to the fusion
movement two years ago, and at the city
Democratic convention there was a dra
matic scene when the 'spokesmen for the
aged Brooklyn leader made their protest
against Murphy's programme. Tammany
had a majority of the votes, however, and
the Brooklyn objections were not heeded.
Both Grout and Fornes were dropped by
the fuslonists after the Democratic con
vention and now they are on only the
Democratic ticket. •. .'¦» " •. r'-.-' .;
Steaming: over a course of thirty-three
nautical miles and return, the battleship
made the trial In 3 hours 39 minutes 2«^
seconds, an average speed of 18.05 miles
per hour, which, with tidal corrections
greatly in her favor, it is believed, will
advance the speed to 18.22, a new world's
record for battleships.
BOSTON. Oct. 21.— Th© new b&ttlMhip
Missouri, steered by Captain Howse. to
day proved herself the queen of the seas <
for battleships' In her class. In a speed '
trial trip over the Cape Ann course, with
weather conditions of a handicapping n^>
ture. ,. /• »
Speed Record Is Broken
on the Missouri's
Trial Trip.
McLaughlin Ready to
Indorse Grout and
s Fornes.
3
COOK BOOK OFFER TO;
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
'I; The Call's Cook [ Book prem-
ium offer will" close on October
30, 1803/ anid all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure ; should ;not
fail \ to '¦'¦ place their order im-
: mediately. %" ',^^ :.'. '
This splendid premium will
be" .off ered toi CallJ subscribers at
the :¦ exceptionally j low rate of ;
fifty cents per copy. Out ' of
' town . orders ; twenty cents : ad- .
ditional to coyer prepayment of
: transportation charges.
DR. PIE&CE'S REMEDIES.
Narrow Cfte$i$.
The old theorr that consumption was
inherited is utterly discredited by modern
| nedica! science. Th» fenss .. of ccs-
Boisption must be received from wiili--
otrt. These grerms are 'every where.
They are constantly being received and
tj\ '\ »,• i JL are to ° eak of
H|ft >¦* V fig throw off disease.
[«& ; • -^-eI Doctor Piercer
¦ nf+JiZf V3^» Golden Medical
J3&3r J >flg3a Discovery makes
tP&isf'i lfn£ weak lungs
IkPS * km strong. It cures
(¦fcij&sl obstinate d«cp-
fcE&f la Ha wcakaess, emacia-
tion aad other conditions >wbich if ccg-
. lected or unskilfully treated find a fatal
termination in consumption.
$3,000 FORFEIT will be paid by
tbe World's Dispensary Medical Asso-
ciation, Proprietors,' Buffalo, N. Y., if
tbey cannot sbow the original signature
. of the individual volunteering the testi-
monial below, and also of the writers of
every testimonial sxaong the thousands
which they are constantly publishing,
thus provicg their genuineness.
•In the spring cf 1900 I was tafcen with
iiernerrhace cf th- lnrrg*, and became very
weaJt and Khort of breath, lsst ilnh and had no
epprtite." writes Mr. E. L. liobinett. of Xerxes.
Tcna. "I was prrs'jaded to trv Dr. Pierce"*
Golden Jieiir^l thscoverr. Tbe first few bottle*
twned to do Be but little good. Thoa^ht 1
would soon be a victim of that dreaded disease.
.consumption. Had airaost jritren up ia despair
.trhen ay frirod? peraucdea nir to -tire your
Goldta Medical Djscorerv • a fair triaL I com-
ir.enr-cd iu n»e. I weifh"i6o pounds now, ana
Trnen I cosiraenrcd I oalj* weighed t<o pounds.
" 52, onc doubts this Btaterneat I will be
pleased to answer aav iaquirv."
Accept 00 substitute for "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." Ncthinfc is "just as good.*
\ D?- Picrce's Pleasant Pellets clcarss the
" / ***f d P v *t^«i from »m* >r irit3^*
Creates good-will between
buyer and seller— Schilling's
Best — at your grocer's, and
moneyback. v
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
I FREE TO MEN |
» ' . o!
I £f^\ A Book Full of Facts About |
a IjmmDR.^AfcLAUGHL/N'S ELECTRIC BELT FOR 8
' « i^^^^^'l^k' Miflgrtak I know that no man remains a weakling <>
5 JESfflPBflfi'fik -- JBafigfi^k because he wants to; I am sure that you V
Q jfl5jBBmmE^9wjllgP6^^B^3 want to overcome every Indication of early X
*j*' jBMBTO|BECTJBcfflTyjKC^I 1 !l *'"'"'" lhat nas shown Itself on you. I £,
« J^SW^W^^^^aff^MBBBBfflL 0 don't think the man lives who would not £>
ft- BBfflL. iBBS^I^BirfflPiPrft-CTS^ llke to fecl as b ls and strong as a Sandow, O
g WjjHnfo-^' "jrPtfnSu^SBMW " n<1 I know tnal lf vou have a reasonable £
<** / VWcffiJJ&gJi'i^BS"^ foundation to build upon I can make you X
£ a bigger man than you ever hoped to be. X
<S * want you to know that, you who can't O
¦ @s BMbPBBBWm V believe It. and I want you to have my '¦O
O : Wnlfflf^BHilHi book In which I describe how I learned - V
0 fJJS ?'-^^^|imrtSaBL that manly strength was only electricity, 5
A fe^|jj|ffiaWBflBlflMnp^B and how I learned to restore it; also I X
6 fli§YHrai{§iKi4raPfKHKi want to tell you the name3 of some men <5
V B5$HK$i[l»f&fffilatfRB " no w111 tell \ you tnat wt} en they came to O
A fe'^'i^)* '*'^£§fiHtiiB<lS9 me they were physical wrecks, and are O
8 "~ : ~ ir^vT^f^ £'>1i2&§8il«t91 now among the finest apecim«n» of physi- *^
%f mmMtmMBBSttmUmCOt/mmMBU^^^ - Cell Iil3.il HOOCI* * V-
1 ' A HAPPY MAN. |
S Dear Sir: Having used your famous electric belt for thirty dayt, I have re- &
O. celv/ed the greatest benefit that a man could sain — that Is. health and strength. Q
o The tired, despondent feeling has gone. I feel the beginning of a new life, and am Q
O " : ever your debtor.. W. E. CLARK. 0
8 P. O. Box 482.. Tucson. Arizona. ¦ p
§ v I want you to read this book and learn the truth about my arguments. O
V .If- you are not as vigorous as you would like to be. If, you have rheumatic g
»-" pains, weak kidneys,, loss of vitality, prostatlc troubles, nervous spells, varl- Q
O; cocele or any ailment of that kind that unmans you. It .would assure you •»
Q future happiness If -you would look Into this method of mine. Don't delay y.
S It, your best days are slipping by.: If you want this book I send It closely *-*
« sealed free If you send this ad. Call for free consultation. £:
I Tlr M P Mr\ VUnhYm 906 Market St. §
i $ ':'„¦;¦' Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1./ 9
Q ; ¦ . Seattle;. Office,. 105 Columbia St. Los Angeles, 129 So. Spring. - - q
1 £^<C^v83cki£^.^^
ADVERTISEJQLNTB. .
The Genuine is Manufactured by the
'¦¦¦¦"¦¦¦¦¦"¦¦ fr- i ys r -?5 i»v.-'.-v. ~ A r aEjaaBpiaB
Xalifornia Pig Syrup Co. Ws^^^M
Tho full name of the company, California Rig: Syrup Co., „ W^u^^^^^^^^^S
\m printed on the front of eyrcry package of the genuine. ' /.'^"^^^^K^^^l
The Genuine^ Syrup of Figs- Is for Sale, in Original |^'^^?^^^
Packages Only, by Reliable Druggists Everywhere K^^Ci^^
Knowing the above will enable one to avoid the fraudulent imita- . y«fe^^i^^v^»
tions made by piratical concerns and sometimes offered by unreliable K^^^^'/^S 9
dealers. The imitations arc known to act injuriously and should
Buy. the genuine always if you wish to get its benefidaJ effects. *^^9$« Hi
It. cleanses the system gently yet effectually, dispels colds and headaches i * 1!
when bilious or constipated, prevents fevers and acts best on the Wj^; J»$
kidneys, liver, stomach and bowels, when a laxative remedy is needed B^^ isl IS
by men, women or children. Many millions know of its beneficial f&'f* IliifP 5 H
I effects from actual use and of their own personal knowledge. It is the /0f$ i^^BS
I laxative remedy of the well-informed. j^^Wii
Always buy the Genuine— Syrup of Figs 4&$Jj- / /&&'%:?$&**[
Louisville. Ky: 5&ftFrai\ClflC0 # <kl. flewYorfc. *UY;jjf$
* *C -/¦ . fWJCZ WFCT CENTS fS&S0TTX2 ' " i ! w »sVE&£4?flOAKL.^D, Oct. 21.— The, slot, machine
must go Is the , edict of the District At
torney. To-dav he sent word to the con
stables of ; Frultvale : to stop the opera
tions of all machines in that part of the
city. This was In answer to a petition
from the residents ; of that district. . The
same law he states holds throughout the
county and it Is only a question of time
when all must be stopped.
, Stops Slot 'Machines.
. A dance was given last evening In : the
Armory of the First* Regiment" of In
fantry, N. G. C, by the Ladies', Auxiliary
of the Spanish-American War, Veterans."
Between dances, refreshments were
served by the ladies of the auxiliary, arid
splendid music was rendered. by the regi
mental band. The ladles In charge of the
dance were: Mrs. Maud Holllster,'presi
dent; Mrs. P. R.V Hamilton, secretary;
Miss Josle McCarty, • treasurer, ¦ and ; Mrs.
R. Richter, chaplain. : >
Ladies' Auxiliary Gives Dance.
SAN DIEGO.' Oct / 2li— At their meeting
this evening . the Corinthian Yacht Club
appointed a committee ¦ to form a syndi
cate to build a : boat to defend the ; Slr
Thomas < Llpton racing cup. The syndi
cate, will be ., formed ;¦ of; local i people and
stock > will . be open . to : subscription. ; The
boat will cost $5000. 1 Secretary j Lancaster
was instructed' to write Sir /Thomas, ask
ing - permission ' to use the 30- foot f cabin
cruisers Instead of the SO-f oot racing ma
chinex specified '.by ; him, also y that the
course maybe changed to the regular club
course on! account ' of ¦ i more . favorable
winds. . . '¦: •' ¦*¦*¦;¦¦ .' ¦ ' v \"-T. ' .'¦ '.
Will Defend the Llpton Cup.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 21.— General Nel
son A. Miles was tendered a reception
this evening by Stanton Post, G. A. R...
at the Chamber of Commerce, which was
largely attended by the general public.
General Miles spent the day in sightseeing
and viewing former landmarks that were
familiar to him when he was located here
In charge of the department,' then known
as the Department of California, ' He has
given up the projected hunting trip in the
neighborhood of San Diego and expects to
go north from here.,
General Miles Tendered a Reception.
OAKLAND,- Oct. 21. — The machinists
employed' in the shops in this city have
decided to - make a ; demand for a nine
hour work : day, and have sent for Vice
President^ C. A. Bucklaw / ,of the Ma
chinists' International Union to assist In
negotiating with the employers.
; The'; majority . oj. the machine-shop
owners} in Oakland -granted the nine
hour; day when r the! demand ; was made,
several months ago, : and - it is '-. regarded
as ¦; unjust that they should be compelled
to -.with?' the phops that . work
their 'men' ten hours r. for the* same rate
of 'wages/ The nine-hour work ; day^ f or
machinists la ; now; in"? force' .'all <6yer» the
country/' and in ' some,' places ¦ the' men are
working ; only [ eight hours. ;
' . No definite V action 'will be : taken until
after,' the arrival "of the national "vice
president, and, the men hopelto settle the
matter "without f. any trouble,, although
they i intend to \ enf orce, their demands. ;- '
Machinists ¦ in Oakland Shops Deter
mine to Take Action! to Secure \. ,
'Better Conditions.
WH/Ii DEMAND WORK
7 DAT OF. NINE HOURS
SAN DIEGO, Oet. 22.— Dr. Charles E.
Decker, surgeon In the United States
Marine Hospital Service, died here at
midnight. He had been in the service at
St Louis, Ban Francisco and San Diego
thirteen years.
Death cf Dr. Charles E. Decker.
Japan Negotiating for Warships.
8ANTIAGO DE: CHILE, Oct.. 21.— It 1b
reported | here that ' the Chilean Govern
ment Is treating with Japan for the sale
of two warships. ; -
MODESTO, Oct. 21.— Mrs. Allie Cressey
Taylor of Modesto and John F.SIebe of
San Francisco, a Bon of former Assessor
Sleb«. were married here to-day by Rev.
L. O. Ferguson, a minister of the Chris
tian Church. The crremony was per
formed at the home of the sister of the
bride, Mrs. C. M". Maze. A large num
ber of guests were present from San
Francisco. The groom's parents gave the
couple a furnished residence In San Fran
cisco.
John F. Siebe Weds at Modesto.
• OAKLAND, Oct. -2L— The following
marriage • licenses were ' Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Mark M. Nye, &,
and Clara Cowperthwaite, 20, both of
Berkeley:Hallle H. iates, 24, and Georgie
"A. McCray, 21, both of San Francisco;
William F.Nleman. 26. and Christine K.
Jones. . 22, both of Berkeley; Edward S.
Culver, over ; 21, and A~ Louise Howland,
over 18, both of Oakland; Claude E. Mil
ler, 21, and Marion F. Oleason, 23, both of
Oakland; James R. Zuck, 27, Oilroy, and
Amelia C. Zeh. 28, Halfmoon Bay; Wil
liam H. Campbell, over .21, and Lizzie M.
Smith, over 18, both of Oakland; Antone
F. Perry. 32, and Mary Bettencourt, 23,
both of .Mission San Jose: William E.
Phillips, over 21, Clovls, and Ida M. Den
nett/ over: '21, Alameda; George T. Ger
llnger, 27/ Portland, and Irene S. Hazard,
23, Berkeley; Alfred Brewen, 22, and
Jeanette Donahue. 20, both of. San Fran
cisco. * .
Marriage Licenses.
A meeting of the teamsters who are af
filiated with the Brotherhood will . be
held to-night at Machinist Hall, 1159 Mis
sion street. The object of the meeting is
to ratify the new constitution and by
laws that have recently been prepared
by the rommlttfe, which was specially
appointed for this purpose. All members
are invltf-d to be on hand to-night, that a
full expression of views may be had upon
the subject.
To Ratify Constitution.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21.— Judge Melvin de
cided to-dav that j Justice of the Peace
R. B. Tappah of Alameda .had not vio
lated the purity of elections law • In his
ante-election speeches. ; TAn \ effort was
made by Attorney , Howard - K 1 James to
have Tappan .: ousteu ; from office .on ;the
ground that he 'had bribed the public : by
promises of.' an" economic ' administration
of dty affairs. ~;. >' ' »• i
-James in his complaint states that. Tap
pan ' even went so far ' in" . his enthusiasm
as to promise that he would hot take the
fees allowed him by law as City Recorder
if,elected to. the office of Justice of -ae
Peace. ' .
James contends that this . was lenuiva
lent to; purchasing votes j and, that It was
an' offense. Judge ; Melvln.' , however, ' held
that I the j cases Quoted by James | to sus
tain his polnt'were not in line and that
his contention fell for lack of authority.
Justice Tappan will retain his office.
Judge Malvin Decides Political Bun
, combe' Does Not Come Within
Meaning of Law.
CHARGE AGAINST JUSTICE
TAPPAN NOT SUSTAINED
HAYWARDS, Oct. 21.— Crayton Winton.
a pioneer . settler of Haywards, died this
morning at his home at the age of 83
years. Mr. . Crayton came to Haywards
at tha? same "tlm«" that -William Meek, W.
C-' Blackwood and other early settlers
located here, irr 1852, and during his life
he ' accumulated property worth $200,000.
The' deceased leaves two daughters,
Fannie Winton and Mrs. F.- Turner, and
one son, Frank. C. Winton.' Mrs. Winton
died about five years ago/ "
Crayton Winton Passes Aw;ay at His
Home . at the Age of
Eighty-Two.
WEALTHY PIONEER SETTLER
OP HAYWAUDS DEAD
Annie Beveradgc. a middle aced woman,
was knpekrd down by a Mission-street
car yesterday and severely injured. The
car was coming toward town, and as it
approached Twelfth street the unfor
tunate woman attempted to cross in
front of It, when she was struck and
thrown down with groat violence. She
was at once conveyed to the Railroad
Hospital and later on removed to her
home. 21 Twelfth street.
Knocked Down by Car.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 21.— The Crocker
Art Gallery was the scene of a brilliant
reception to-night given by Naomi Chap
ter No. 36 of Sacramento to the Grand
Chapter of the Order of Eastern Star. Be
tween 800 and 900 guests filled. the beauti
ful galleries and an orchestra discoursed
a choice programme of music. Vocal and
literary numbers were presented and later
in the evening the school of design room
was occupied with dancers. . The event
was one of the most noteworthy of the
many entertainments arranged In honor
of the Grand Chapter. *
The sessions of the Grand Chapter are
being held in the Assembly chamber of
the State Capitol. The greater part of
the afternoon's session was devoted to a
discussion of proposed changes In the con
stitution and by-laws. Under the exist
ing laws the grand patron presides at the
sessions of the Grand Chapter and many
of the members maintain that this should
be changed so that the grand matron
shall preside. It Is expected that this and
other proposed changes In 'the by-laws
will be voted on at to-morrow's ses
sion. To-morrow afternoon the election
of officers will take place. The two lead-
Ing candidates for grand matron are Mrs.
Emery of Oakland and Mrs. Rotzren of
Los Angeles. It > Is expected tha't " the
grand secretary, Mrs. Kate Wlllats of San
Francisco, will be re-elected, and that Dr.
Charles Nutting of Aetna Mills will be
elected worthy grand patron. : ,
The session of the Grand Chapter has
been' a very pleasant and profitable one
and the attendance has been large.
Members of the Order of Eastern Star
Meet at Sacramento.
GBAND CHAPTEB IN SESSION.
LO9 ANGELES, Oct. 31.— "Wheeler C.
McCord Smith, who was wounded 'n a
street fight with a stranger known as
"Monte" a week ago, died to-day at tha
County Hospital. In an nnte-mortena
statement Smith exonerated his assailant
of till blame, saying he was the aggres
sor. It Is known that an attemp; will b«
made to apprehend "Mont*."
Dies From Effect of Knife Wounds.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 21.—Infonnatlon • has
been received officially at the War Department
that yellow fever exists at San Antonio. Tex.'
It is not stated that the disease . has attacked
the troops but that it is widely scattered, and
that four deaths have resulted from it.
UKTAH, Oct. 21.— Medical Superintendent
King of the Mendocmo State Hospital, has
killed fourteen head of milch cows belonging to
that Institution. The cattle were condemned
last spring by Veterinary Surgeon Blcmmer.
Dr. King's report shows that each of tha con
demned animals was suffering from tubercu
losis. ¦ ..„'."
BERLIN, Oct. 21. — Baron Sternberg. the
German Embassador to the 1 United States, | is
coming to Germany in order to consult special
ists regarding the trouble with one of his ears.
He will undergo an operation if the surgeons
so advise. : ¦
CHICAGO, Oct. 21.— Isaac Reingold, a
tailor, whose verses and songs depicting the
Bufferings of the Jewish race in Russia won
for him the title "The Poet of the Ghetto,"
died to-day at his home In this city, aged 30
years. . . ¦ ¦ : . . ;
ST. PAUL. Oct. 21. — A. special from M*n
kato. Minn., says that the losses of the cred
itors of Alfred II. Buck, missing cashier of
the Mapleton State Bank, are now estimated
at $40,000. •
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 21.— President Francis to
day srpolnted Former Judge James A. Sed
don. general counsel of the - Louisiana Pur
chase Kxpositlon Company, to succeed Frank
P. Blair, resigned.
VALLEJO. Oct. 21.— A ship load of ties ar
rived here this morning for the new electric
road to Napa and Lake County. Grading has
been commenced for the track In this city.
The promoters say the work will be rushed.
PHOENIX, Arizona. Oct. 21. — Miss Susan
Bradford, a member of a distinguished Ken
tucky family, was married here to-day tg
James H. Bennett, a cousin of James Gordon
Bennett, and a prominent Western mining
man. ,- ¦ ¦ ,. <'
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 21.— James B. Lanker
fhim of Los Angeles has been commissioned
lieutenant colonel and' aid de camp on the
Governor's staff. • .". .
WASHINGTON. Oct. 21.— John C. Black,
commander in chief of the Grand Army of
the Republic. Is In Garfleld Hospital in this
city suffering from a severe attack of rheu
matism ' . .
SANDUSKT. O.. Oct. 2L— Senator Joseph
B. Foraker is ill with chills at a hotel in this
city. .
WASHINGTON. Oct. 21.— The Present has
appointed Horace W. Bailey United States
Marshal for Vermont, to succeed Fred Field,
dismissed. «
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
SEATTLE, ".Oct., 21.— The cable ship
Burnside and U. S. S. Patterson of .the
Coast Survey arrived in port from Alas
kan waters to-day. The former laid 400
miles of the. Alaskan cable.* The vessel
still had about 100 miles of. the cable on
board taken north during the summer, but
the weather being rough It was decided
not to attempt to lay it until she returns
with the final shipment, sufficient to com
plete the line to this city.
Cable Ship . Burnside Returns.
The parishioners of St. Francis Church
on Vallejo street will give an entertain
ment to-morrow evening at Native Sons*
Hall for the benefit of the parochial resi
dence. Many of the most talented ama
teur performers in the city have volun
teered their services for the occasion and
an elaborate programme has been arrang
ed. Tickets may be had at the following
places: Parochial residence, €20 Vallejo
etreet; P. A. Buckley. 1311 Stockton street;
Gallagher Bros., 27 Grant avenue, and J.
J. Gildea. 756 Market street.
Elaborate Programme Planned.
Harriet A. Pearman has dismissed a di
vorce action began against W. E. Pear
man, a United States Hospital steward.
She alleged he was too gay, but Pear
man has promised to be good.
OAKLAND, Oct. 22.— Lena Higuera was
granted a divorce to-day on the ground
of extreme cruelty from Guadalupe Hi
guera by Judge Greene. They have been
married only two years, but Mrs. Hl
gnera complains that her tinhapplness
dates almost from the day of their wed
ding. ' / - : -"
Mrs. Higuera Given Decree.
Supervisor Rowe is having the road
which runs through both the Adams and
Dunn properties put into shape, and It Is
expected that all the work will be com
pleted by the date set for the dedication.
.OAKLAND, Oct. 21.— The Inter-county
tunnel through .the Berkeley hills will be
dedicated on Wednesday, November 4.
The tunnel committee of the Merchants*
Exchange reported last night that the
fence through the Dunn property had
been completed and the fence through the
Adams property Is in course of construc
tion. ¦.-' ; ' : ¦
The Date of the Formal Opening
Is Set for November
Four.
WILL DEDICATE THE
INTER-COUNTY TUNNEL
FRESNO, Oct. 21.— The quantity of
raisins received by the association up to
October 17 was footed up this morning
and shows in round numbers 51,000.000
pounds. On the same date last year the
receipts were 42,000,000, which makes an
excellent comparative showing. It is esti
mated that about five-eighths of the crop
is In, which will make the total crop more
than 86,000,000 pounds. Last year the crop
was 80,000,000 pounds, or an excess this
year over last of 6,000,000 pounds.
Raisin Crop Shows an Increase.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— The State De
partment officials are disposed to ( attach
little credence to the reports that come
from the Far East of a purpose on the
part of Russia to defeat the operation
of the new treaty .between the United
States and China, so far as it relates to
the opening of ports in Manchuria to our
commerce. It is pointed out that the re
ports are particularly inspired by a de
sire to cause friction between the United
States and Russia. As an act of cour
tesy and in view of Russia's considerable
Manchurlan interests, a draft of ; this
treaty, before signature, was unofficially
submitted to the Russian agents in China
and by them communicated to the Rus
sian Foreign Office. Through entirely re
liable channels the United States was as
sured that the treaty was not objection
able to Russia. -. .
The full text of article XII of the com
mercial treaty between the United States
and China referred to In the dispatch from
St. Petersburg- follows:
¦ The Chinese Government having. In 1800,
opened the navigable inland waters of the
empire to commerce and .. all ¦ steam —
native or foreign — that" may t>e registered for
the purpose of conveyance of passengers and
lawful merchandise, it is now agreed by the
Chinese Government that: such commerce is
open to the vessels of every type belonging to
the .cltUens, firms and corporations of the
United States, and that : they may . freely en
gage In it on equal terms. with those granted
to the subject* of China or any power having
.relations with , China. 5 ; China further agree*
fto foster, all such intercourse and commerce
by the adoption of such rules and regulations,
in addition to those already In force, as shall
promote the end Jn view.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 21.— The Novy
krai of Port Arthur, commenting on the
commercial treaty between the United
Btates and China, declares that article
XII (opening ports in Manchuria to United
States trade) strikes at the very heart
of Russian interests in Manchuria, and
says it is convinced the- treaty will be
ratified only after material modification,
as it affects part of the 1 territory which,
by virtue of- existing relations, is not
free so long as Russia 'has not definitely
come to an understanding with China re
garding her rights. ' \
"Moreover," the Novykrai adds, "prior
to her present* occupation Russia had
special treaty relations with China re
garding this territory, giving her the right
to build railways and guaranteeing ', that
no similar privileges would be granted to
others."
Russian Newspaper Says the "Open
. Door" Treaty Will Be Modified.
GIVES HINT TO AMERICA.
D. D. OFarrell was arrested last night
on a charge of grand larcely. According
to Sen Erickpon. the complainant, he
was in a Eacramento-street saloon last
night and produced a J00 currency bill
when O'Farrell, who was a stranger to
him, suddenly grabbed the money and
ran away with it. A hot chase followed
and the shouts of those In pursuit caused
two passersby on Montgomery street to
head the accused oft and he was locked
up in the Hall of Justice. JCo trace of
the money could be found.
Accused of Theft.
The petitioner alleges that at the time
the order was granted by Judge Trask he
had not been 6erved with summons, that
he had not been notified that an applica
tion would be made for the order, nor was
be given an opportunity to be heard. He
also alleges that the child. Vandell Grif
fiths, was not given an opportunity to
choose his guardian, which he had the
right to do, and was removed from his
custody on September 1L
After hearing the petition Chief Justice
Beatty ordered that the writ issue, re
turnable In twenty days after service.
Colonel Griffiths' examination on the
charge of attempting to murder his wife
will come before Justice Chambers to
morrow morning. The prosecution an
nounces Itself In readiness to proceed, and
if there is any delay it will be at the in
stance of the defense. Ex-Governor Gage
and Isidor B. Dockweiler are associated
with the District Attorney in the prose
cution.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 21.— The Supreme
Court, now sitting in this city, to-day
granted a writ of certiorari upon the peti
tion of Colonel Griffith J. Griffith for the
purpose of reviewing the order made by
Superior Judge Trask, removing Colonel
Griffiths' eon, Vandell, from the custody
of his father and giving him into the care
of his mother.
Sues Out Writ of Certiorari in Su
preme Court Now Sitting at
Los Angeles.
GRIFFITHS WILL FIGHT
FOR CUSTODY OF HIS SON
OAKLAND. Oct. a.— A£ the age of 103
years Daniel Rogers, colored, died to-day
at the home of friends at S29 Magnolia
street from injuries said to have been
sustained by being: struck by a railroad
car on Tuesday at the Southern Pacific
Company depot, 'Third and Townsend
streets, San Francisco. The old man re
sided at Watsonvllle, and was on his way
to Oakland when he stepped from a car
at the depot and was thrown against a
moving; car. Dr. J. P. Dunn took charge
of the case, and the injured man was re
moved to Oakland. Those who cared for
Rogers declare that he was of the) ex
treme age reported to the Coroner, under
whose direction an autopsy and an In
quest will be held.
After Passing the Hundred - Year
Mark Daniel Rogers Heets Death
by Violence.
COLORED CENTENARIAN
DIES FROM INJURIES
. The committee In charge of the curtain raiser
to be given on Junior day has decided to re
open the competition. The manuscripts sub
mitted were so equal In merit that the com
mittee could not decide which was best and
so these will be given back to their authors
for Improvement.
The executive committee of the Associated
Students has decided to give '07 sweaters to
the following men who played with the fresh
men eleven: P. A. Mclnnis, A. E. Seabury,
F. S. Kleinschmldt, R. C. Jackson, C. W.
JIaffey, L. H. Allen. J. B. Sweany. O. C.
Jones. K. C. Glllis, W. C. Davis. W. M. Sell.
C. C. Kern, J. F. Crow. J. K. Tweedy, C. H.
Sanborn, W. N. Gabriel.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21.— The following new
appointments to scholarships in the university
have been announced: Mies Gladys Rogers of
Grass Valley, a freshman In the college of
chemistry, appointed a State of California
scholar, in the First Congressional District;
Samuel A. Barrett of Uklah, & sophomore In
the college of chemistry, appointed L«vl Strauss
scholar In the Second Congressional District;
Robert Day Williams. B. S.. Pomona College.
a graduate of the college of natural science.
appointed to Cerf graduate scholarship for the
current academic year.. The Cerf scholarship
was given to the university by Miss Adrlenne
Cerf of the class of 1901.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
"Rondo Capriclso," then he played one of
Strauss' waltzes and a polonaise in A
flat, by Chopin. Chopin's favorite waltz
followed, and the "Rhapsodic HongToise"
by Liszt brought the audience to ppon
taneous applause. A fantasia composed
by himself was one of the prettiest num-
L»ors. and his improvisions and Imitations
could scarcely be excelled. Richter In
tends to give two or three programmes
before he leaves San Francisco. The
cates will be announced later. His touch
and technique are flawless, and his Inter
pretation of the old- matters Is easily
compared with that of the most foremost
pianists of th<» age.
Master Frank Richter. one of the most
prominent blind pianists of the world, en
tertained the Press Club and Its guests
last evening. The recital was a revela
tion to those who were present. Many of
the best musicians of the city had been
invited and occupied seat*. At the con
clusion ctt the programme laudations were
showered on the artist, and critics told
him that h!s work was well done.
At first Richter rendered Mendelssohn's
YOUTHFUL MUSICIAN
PRONOUNCED A WONDER
Remarkable Execution by Master
Frank Richter at the Press Club
Last Evening:.
LONDON, Oct. 21.— A report was in cir
culation on the Stock Exchange to-day
that the negotiations between Russia anfl
Japan had been broken off, but the For
eign Office officials said they had not
heard anything confirmatory of the ru
mor. This statement was made subse
quent to the visit paid by Baron Hayashi
to the Foreign Minister, Lansdowne, this
afternoon. The officials of the Foreign
Office added that the report " was con
trary to the general trend of its informa
tion.
A dispatch to Reuter's "Telegraph Com
pany from Tokio says : ' ¦
"Russian military activity on the Ko
rean frontiers is unabated. The import
ant newspapers take a gloomy view. They
are Inclined to believe Russia does not In
tend to fulfill her repeated promises and
declarations, in which case it will be in
cumbent upon Japan to take decisive
steps for the sake of her very existence.
The Japanese gunboat Chiokal was to
have wintered at Newchwang, but this
arrangement has been countermanded."
YOKOHAMA, Oct. 21.— The Ministerial
conferences, the naval preparations, and,
notably, the appointment of Vice Admiral
Toga, known as a "fighting man," to
command the standing squadron, have
led to a renewal of the expectations of
trouble. Some decided development s in
the crisis is expected to-occur very soon.
The steamship and railroad companies are
reported to have been notified to be in
readiness for emergencies.
ST.; PETERSBURG, Oct. 21.— A dis
patch* to the Novoe Vremya from Vladi
vostok under to-day's date says:
"The Japanese Government has noti
fied its Consul here that' there is no rea
son why the Japanese should leave Vladi
vostok. This was In reply to a' query
of the Consul on the subject."
BERLIN, Oct. 2L— The German Govern
ment takes a cheerful view of the Rus
so-Japanese differences. Russia had con
veyed assurances I to . Germany that she
will keep strictly! on the defensive/even
though Japan occupy. Korean ports in
force. Japan may; act aggressively to
ward Korea without Russia being af
fronted thereby or making a coun
ter stroke." The only limitation Rus
sia places on Japanese action is that she
must not cross the Talu River. '
The impression that might be derived
from the foregoing definition of Russian
policy, it 1b pointed out here, is that the
negotiations are nearing an end and fai
vprably to Japan. But the Associated
Press Is informed that while the negotia
tions are still pending, precautionary mil
itary preparations on both sides are go
ing on.
St. Petersburg Government Makes
" the Single \ Proviso That- the
Yalu River Be Not . • .
Japan May Occupy Mainland
Territory Without Fear
of Conflict.
The organization of the synod was then
proceeded with. Rev. Hugh K. Walker.
D.D., of Los Angeles. Rev. Warren D.
More and Rev. H. H. Dobbins, D.D., were
nominated. The election resulted in the
choice of Rev. Dr. Walker, who had 80
votes, while Rev. Mr. More was given 44
votes and Rev. Dr. Dobbins 6.
Rev. Dr. Hemphlll conducted the newly
elected moderator of the Synod of Cali
fornia Xo the platform. The moderator
thanked the convention for the great
honor done, him. '
Rev. E. B. Hays and Ruling Elder Giles
Kellogg. were chosen to fill the positions
of temporary clerks. F. H. Babb is per
manent clerk.
The session will be resumed this morn
ing and the deliberations • will be con
tinued until Saturday night.
At the evening session the retiring
moderator, Rev. Warren *C. Sherman,
preached a sermon, his subject being,
"He who hath my word let him speak my
word faithfully."
ELECTS MODERATOR.
During the afternoon session the speak
ers were Mrs. J. P. Prutaman, who gave
an account as recording secretary of the
year's work; Mrs. A. G. Garratt, secre
tary of literature; Mrs. H. L. Lunt, sec
retary of. Freedmen: Rev. William Wie
man, Rev. Dwight Potter of Oakland,
Rev. L. IT. White of Fall River Mills, and
Rev. A.*M. Merwin of Pasadena.
Mr. Merwin gaVe an of the
work done among the Spanish and Mex
icans and told of the number who had
become members of the Presbyterian
church.
Mr. Wieman, In making an appeal in
behalf of, the spiritual welfare of the In
dian, said that the Indian had given up
much at the behest of the white man,
but, he asked, what had the white man
given the Indian In return? He had given
the Indian "cuss words and whisky and
a deck of cards." Yet the white man
owed the Indian something more than
those things for what he had taken from
him. The speaker appealed to his hear
ers not to allow the Indian of California
to pass away without giving him the
gospel. He considered that the people
owed the Indian a debt of the past.
CTTSS WORDS AND "WHISKY.
Rev. Mr. Wieman was discussing the
lives and moral qualities of the Indians
when he expressed fear of their seeing
the papers of the metropolis of the Pacific
because he had read In tn* columns of
th« papers of this city yesterday morning
a formidable list of no. less than seven
teen divorces. It would not be well for
th« Indian, he said, to read such a record
because he delights In copying the white
man, and In palliation should he leave his
wife, he would say, "All same white
man.". • -V;- ...-
The five days' meeting was opened at
the Calvary Presbyterian Church, the
president, Mrs. R. B. Goddard , in the
chair. Messages of greeting were brought
by enthusiastic laborers In the missionary
field to the assemblage.
I would ask the missionaries who are
doing work among the Indians not to let
them see copies . of the San Francisco
daily papers," said. Rev. William Wieman
when speaking on "Indians I Have Seen"
before a large gathering at the twenty
fourth annual meeting of the Woman's.
Synodical. Society of Hoine Missions of
California yesterday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Oct. 21.
Mrs. Bernard Tobey, residing at Ashby
"station, Berkeley, has reported to her
husband, and he to the police to-day, that
Fhe was ttood up at Ashby station Sun
day evening by a man with a pistol, who
compelled her to yield $60 in gold that was
hidden in one of her stockings.
Mrs. Tobey, according to her husband's
repetition of his spouse's narrative, had
been followed from the local train by
this bold robber at 8 o'clock in the even
ing, and he had demanded her money.
The woman denied that ehe had any. but
the insistent footpad declared that he
knew she had, for he had seen her hide
the ro!n In her stocking while she was on
the train.
Still refusing to yield. Mrs. Tobey saw
herself suddenly made the aiming target
for a pistol, followed by a threat to kill
her unless ehe should surrender the hid
den gold. Upon that the woman gave up
the three $20 pieces that comprised the
hoard. ¦>:;;¦
Tobey explained that he lived at Crock
ett, that Mrs. Totx>y had gone there Sun
day to visit him, and at that time he had
friven Jier the money ehe claims to have
l<st on her return to Berkeley. The wife
subsequently wrote to her husband, who
:<>-day went to the Oakland police to ask
Cor an investigation. The woman said
:-he thought the robber had followed her
from Crockett Sunday afternoon and had
v.atched her on the train when she con
•" aled the money.
A squad of Inspectors from the Health
Department invaded Madison Square
Garden to-day and ordered sweeping
changes in the methods of quartering the
Zlon guards and a part of the "host" of
4000 there. An order was posted that only
a certain number of persons could sleep
.in each room, and that there must be
better .ventilation. The Inspectors also
visited the kitchens and watched the
preparation of the meals. The fact that
forty-three members of 'Dowie's follow
ers whom ho brought here were sick to
day led the Health Department to take
action, bo Commissioner Lederle said.
GILFORD, N.H., Oct. 21.— Mrs. Angeline
Jewett, a convert to the doctrine of John
Alexander Dowie. has sold her farm here
for $1500 and of the proceeds has sent $1400
to Dowie. Mrs. Jewett declares she be
lieves in Dowie and declared "God showed
me that it was best to dispose, of this
farm and send him the money."
"Just to show that I am in favor with
the Christian merchant princes of this
city," said Dowie,, "1 will announce the
money wliich has come to me this morn
ing alone. These sums are from men un
known to me, but who evidently believe
I am right. One sends me a check for
$5000. another a check for $1000, another
for $1500 and another gave me $200. These
contributions were unsolicited. They
were accompanied by the kindest words."
For the first time to-day Dowie ordered
reporters excluded and those who were
seated at the reporters' table were es
corted to the door- on Dowie's orders to
his guards to "clear the tainted vipers
out of here. Be careful how you handle
them, not to get any of their filth on
you. Now get out, you mean dogs, you
yellow scoundrels of -the press. We 'will
have no more of you here. I am paying
for this place, you liars. This is my
building. Hurry up, guards. The sight
of them disgusts me. Don't waste any
restoration talk on the liars. It is useless.
They have sold their souls to the, devil.
I never hope to convert a reporter. .They
would be backsliders."
William A, Brady, the theatrical man*,
ager and husband of Grace George; Lo
renzo Winter, a broker, and Channing
Pollock, a. press agent, were arrested, on
charges of disorderly conduct.
Dowie called for special prayers at the
early meeting J in Madisdn . Square > Gar
den to-day fbr those of his follow
ing who are ill. At least forty-three
are said to be unable to leave their
boarding-houses on account of sick
ness. The conditions in the garden have
been called to the attention of the Board
of Health, and officers paid an official
visit to Dowie's "army" to-day and will
do all possible to preserve sanitary con
ditions in these quarters.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— Thirty-one thou
sand persons, according to the estimates
of the police, tried to get into Madison-
Square Garden to see John Alexander
Dowie 'to-night. ¦¦' About one-third that
number had obtained admittance when
at 8 o'clock the doors were closed. When
the ottfer 20,000 found themselves shut out
the "wildest disorder prevailed and the po
lice, 400 strong, were for a time utterly
unable to cope with the mad rush of the
crowd. Men and women were knocked
down and trampled upon and many nar
rowly escaped death in the,crush.
Several times Inspector Walsh sent In
calls for extra reserves and it was not un
til the meeting was suddenly terminated
by Dowie, shortly after 9 o'clock, that
anything could.be done with the crowd.
In the surging of <he throng Grace
George, the actress, who was on her -way
to a theater where she was playing, was
swept off her feet and trampled upon and
her clothing was badly torn. 8he accused
the police of having handled her roughly.
Mrs. William J. Buckley of Newark, N.
J., was caught in the crush and fell faint
ing to the street. She was badly bruised.
Inspector . Walsh was near the woman
when she fell and. with the aid of fifteen
policemen, he rescued and carried her to
safety.
When Venter disappeared for a day
Mrs. Miller that was admitted the exist
ence of the license, but said she had not
wedded Venter because he was subject to
nervous attacks. . :» ;; •. •
After numerous vicissitudes that Indi
cate the truth of the familiar adage about
the course of true love, Mrs. Laura Etta
Miller has become the wife of John C.
Venter, the peculiar point of interest in
connection with the matter being the fact
that a marriage Jlcenae Issued January
9, 1903, nearly two years ago, was brought
into service. The long delayed wedding
was solemnized last Thursday by the
Rev. E. R. Dille. Mr. and Mrs. Venter
will continue to reside at 5867 Marshall
street, Golden Gate, Mrs. Venter's home
for several years.
Announcement that the couple have
been made man and wife recalls the mys
terious disappearance a month ago of
Venter from the then Miller residence,
where he had long been a boarder, the
strange letters that *he sent to friends,
Mrs. Miller's fears of suicide or foul play
and the pricking of a mystery by Ven
ter's sudden reappearance. At that time
the story came to light of the marriage
lloense, which had been Issued so long
before and never used. On top of that
was the voluntary statement to-day that
three days after the authorization was
Issued the then Mrs. Miller had torn the
document Into pieces. But she had care
fully preserved the fragments, for the
same license was used at the wedding,
the pieces having been carefully pasted
and the document made whole again.
Venter is an employe of Wells. Fargo *
Co.'s express, having served that corpo
ration for twenty-nve years. At the res
idence to-night the couple had explana
tions to make, which run as follows:
"We have been lawfully married and
the license issued to Mr. Venter In Jan
uary. 1902, was used. It was a legal paper
and the fact that It was of such a date
cuts no figure, Mrs. Venter does not care
to go Into details as to the reasons why
the license was not used at the time it
was Issued. She also says she has not
denied the marriage, but has refused to
affirm It until ehe was given an oppor
tunity to consult with Mr. Venter."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 21.
The imbrcglio over this "rummage
sale" threatens to be the death of other
"rummage sales." Dr. C. F. Gladding, a
member of the Health Board, Inspected
the merchandise at the Trinity ladies'
sale yesterday at the request of people
of West Berkeley and declared it unfit for
use. The ladles retorted that they had
the approval of Dr. F. W. Paine to sell
the goods. But Dr. Gladding still says
it's unhealthy and to prevent others be
ing held in West Berkeley he proposes to
have the Trustees pass a prohibitive ordi
nance against all "rummage sales:"
"Sam" Fisher, the West Berkeley sa
loonkeeper who wrecked u. "rummage
sale," swore at the ladies of the Trinity
Methodist Church and tried to knock out
two of their male escorts Monday night
near his saloon, was arrested this morn
ing by Deputy Marshal Carey on a war
rant charging him with disturbing tne
peace. The constable took Fisher before
Justice Edgar, who laid him under a bail
of $200 and set his trial for November 10.
Fisher begged for delay, as he Intended to
visit his sister In th« East and had al
ready purchased the tickets for the trip,
so Justice Edgar put the trial off for
three weeks.
Fisher .was not the roaring bull of
Bashan in the courtroom tha.t he was the
night he attacked the men and women of
Trinity Church. He was at once penitent
and defiant, accusing and ~elf-accuslngi
In one breath he spoke of his Borrow— in
another he was ready to prove that he
was more sinned against than sinning.
"I am not a fighting man," eaid Fisher,
•'and I didn't mean to abuse anybody. I
didn't know what I was doing. Here's
my honorable discharge from the Ameri
can army to prove that I'm of good char
acter."
Fisher exhibited hie discharge to prove
that he had it.
"I wouldn't have done It, maybe," he
said, changing his tune a little, "if tHe
women hadn't provoked nu to it. They
said some fresh things and made me mad.
Then the two men Jumped on mo and
tried to throw me out. Of course that
made me madder and I accidentally broke
a pane of srlass. I didn't hurt anybody
and didn't mean to."
Fisher not only faces a jail sentence
with no alternative, which Justice Edgar
likes to give, but he is.very'likely to lose
his ealoon license. The Town Trustees
have all eald that if the charges of mis
conduct against Fisher are sustained
they will vote to revoke his license.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Oct. 2L
"The trouble was that proper investiga
tion was not made by the representatives
of the State board. Several of the arrest
ed ones have all of their credentials and
certificates, and It was unpardonable neg
lect that permitted them to be arrested.
The State board has not only placed the
arrested men In an embarrassing position,
but has shown that they have not made
proper examination into affairs before
they caused the complaints to be Issued.
They allowed men who had compiled with
the law in every particular to be arrested
and the word to go out that they were
not regular practitioners. The board has
certainly made Itself liable, but what will
be done is as yet undetermined."
I trust that you will be kind enough to pub
lish this statement la Justice to the above
named dental practitioners. T. O. BAIRD.
Dr. J. F. O. McMath. one of the exon
erated arrested ones, said to-day:
Having learned through the preis tt*t a.
number of dentists were recently arrested la
Oakland for violating the law retnlaUn* the
practice of dentistry. I beg leave to itaU that
an error was made by the party who swore to
the complaints.
The folio-win* dentlsta whoee name* were
published aa violators of the law are duly r*ft>
lstared and licensed and should not have been
arrested: Dra. P. A. Maiiotte. J. F. CX Mc-
Math, G. N. Heta, C E. Lancaster and J. S.
Ree*.
Some of tor Oakland dentists who were
last week arrested on complaints sworn
to by C. C. -Hamilton, representing the
State Board of Dental Examiners, are
camping on the trail of the State board
for having brought them Into court. The
cases will be called In the Police Court
to-morrow, and some of the arrested prac
titioners 'hint that "there will be iooe
thin* doing" at that time. "What that
"something" Is remains uncertain, and
the arrested dentists do not care to go
Into details in advance, but they are talk-
Ing mysteriously about how the State
Board of Dental Examiners has laid that
organization "liable."
Certain it is that the State board Is go-
Ing to discover Just what the arrested
dentists think about hasty arrests, even
if the threat of damage salts for Injured
reputations Is not carried out.
Five of the arrested ones hare secured
from Secretary F. O. Balrd of the State
Board of Dental Examiners a statement
that they were reffularly registered and
Ucensed practitioners, and teat statement
is being sent to all of the newspapers.
The statement reads:
Oakland Office San Frandsco Call.
1118 Broadway. Oct. 2L
Victim's Husband Ask3 Po :
lice to Investigate Tale
Of Theft-
Christian Men and Women
Gather at Annual Con
vention.
Prisoner Is Released on
Bonds— May Lose. His
License.
New York Health Inspectors
Raid Madison Square
Garden.
Bride Restores the Docu
ment She Had Torn to
Pieces Long Ago.
Russians Are Satisfied
With R eten tion of
Manchuria.
Statement Issued That Five
of Those Charged Held *
Certificates.
Woman Declares She
Handed Hidden Coin
to a Robber.
Deputy Marshal Carey
Locates Turbulent
Saigon-Keeper. *
Police Unable to Cope
With the Immense
Throng.
Rev. W. Wieman Would
Keep Divorce Records
From Indians.
Venters Give Cupid Un
even Road to Make
His Goal. '
Hint That State Exam
iners Are "Liable"!
for Arrests. \
CZAR YIELDS
KOREAN SOIL
TO MIKADO
CLAIMS FOOTPAD
STOLE HER GOLD
PLACES FISHER
UNDER ARREST
DIVINE FEARS
BAD EXAMPLE
USES A LICENSE
TWO YEARS OLD
DENTISTS MAY
SEEK DAMAGES
CROWDS FIEHT
TO HEAR DOWIE
THE SAN rBAKCISCO CALL, THUBSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1903.
, CHICAGO," Oct 2L— At a meeting of pas
senger ' representatives > of "Western c lines
held .. here - to-day it ¦ was ; decided . that a
rate of $50 . from Chicago to the , Pacific
should not be made again for any. conven
tion, or gathering, and a minimum rate of
S62 50. was agreed upon.
Railroads Raise Rate to Coast.
¦ OAKLAND.. Oct. 21.— J. F. Rlnehart has
begun suit" against the Southern :>' Pacific
Company for $550 damages alleged to have
been sustained by the going astray of two
trunks of clothing. Rinehart claims he
was forced to buy more and. that when
the trunks were finally, recovered after
several months t > clothing was mined.
Sues Railway ' for Trunks.
i SAN DIEGO— Sailed , Oct 21— Schr Transit,
f or Tacoma. ¦ v ¦ -,- ¦ ':'¦';¦ - : ..- „
, ABERDEEN— Arrived ¦ Oct 21— Stmr Coro
nado, hence Oct 18. > -- v • •'•¦•¦ -.•• '•¦¦ ' > ¦ ¦ ¦'
- COOS . BAT — Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Alliance,
for Portland. 1 hence- Oct 15. . ' ¦¦, . .• ¦. ,
i GRAYS ;¦' HARBOR — Arrived " Oct \ 20— Schr
William Renton, hence r Oct 9. ¦¦: * Oct . 21— Schr
Salvator," from San i Pedro. ':}¦'•' ¦.-. -
Sailed Oct 21— Schrs'Chas R -Wilson.. Robert
R Hind and Ethel Zane. for' San "Francisco;
•Unr;O C ; Lf udauer. for San Francisco. ,-, : ;• ;
I»ate Shipping Intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HEDLANDS, Oct. 21.— Charles Poole of
Col ton was accidentally shot in the; left
wrist last night while hunting In the San
Bernardino Mountains, twenty-five. miles
from here. The hammer of his rifle
struck a rock and discharged the weapon.
Both wrist bones were 'broken and the
arteries were severed. Poole was driven
to Redlands ¦ without * medical attention
and almost bled to death. He had no
perceptible pulse for: two hours this
morning. He will lose his hand if he
recovers.
Hunter Is Accidentally Shot.
4
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
ASTONISHING RESTJLTS
Follow Each. New Discovery of
Science.
The great etrtdes\hat medical science
has made In the last few years Is due to
the germ theory. When the germ of a
disease has been discovered, the doctors
have not been slow in nnding a drug to
kill it. In a few years It will be rare to
ilna a bald-headed man or woman. The
falling out, of hair is due to a dandruff
germ, and now it has been discovered
how to kill this germ. The remedy used
Is called Newbro> Herpicide. Its suc-
cess has been marvelous. Not a failure
has been so far reported. It 1b also a
delightful hair dressing free from oil or
etlcky substances. Try it and be con-
vinced of its actual merit Sold by lead-
ing druggists. Send 10c In 'stamps for
8ample to The Herpicide Co.. Detroit,
Jiica.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Which would you rath-
er have, if you could have
your choice, transparent '
skin or perfect features ?
All the world would
choose one way; and you
can have it measurably.
If you use Pears' Soap
and live wholesomely
otherwise, you will have
the best complexion Na-
ture has for you.
Sold all over the world. ;
PLATES AT COST.
Made by the professor* of this collect* and iru«r.
*nte€d a perfect fit W« toUdt thi* most diffi-
cult cases and maka a specialty ot natural
looking and serviceable teeth.
Falalm MetHod«. Extraction Tr»«.
Week Days, ft to 9: Sundays. 0 to 1.
P03T-OBADXXATE DEHTAIi COUiEOB
San Pr. :ciico— 3 Taylor Street,
Oakland— 073 Washington Street.
Saa Job*— 45 East Santa Clara Str*«i.Despondent Italian Kills Himself.
VALLEJO, Oct. 21. — One of the most
important features of to-day's business
at the W. .C. T. U. convention was the
election of officers, which resulted as fol
r lows:
President. Mr*. Beaumelle Sturtevant Peet.
hj«Tcton; vice president at large Mrs. Sarah
m San » Jotie - correspond! n*r fcecretary.
•m^' "?"*¦ J - Spencer, Alaraeda; treasurer,
|§M 5 J1I1§|1|
J£l fnti-narcotics banner presented
ic-arly to the county organibation show
tng the most efficient work In the sup
?resElon of the cigarette evil went to
ll&xieda Cc-unty, Berkeley Bhowin* the
test result* of any district therein.
TZMPEBANCE WOBKEKS
ELECT STATE OFFICERS
Aiameda Wins the Banner for Most
Efficient Work in Suppressing
Cigarette Smoking.
GLASGOW, Oct. 21.— The ship Milton
I*ark of this p.rt. which sailed from Liv
erpool March "1 for Fremantle, Australia,
hes^ with her crew of twenty-four men,
been .given up £s j os t,
Ship Milton Park Given Up.
STOCKTON, Oct. 21.— The High Court
of. the Independent Order of Foresters'
this afternoon elected the following offi
cers: R. E. Wirsching of Los Angeles,
high chief ranger; G. L. Stewart of San
Francisco, high vice chief ranger; W. H.
Perry of Los Angeles,; high secretary; E.
A. Cameron of San Francisco, high' treas
urer; Dr. D. A. Kellogg of Placerville,
high physician; George W. Hoyle of Clov
erdale, high councilor; Joseph Mash of
San Mateo and Fred T. Hughes of Los
Angeles, high auditors.
The most important feature ' of - the
morning session was the report of the
finance committee. The committee recom
mended that the High Court dues remain
at $1, as last year. No change was rec
omended in the salaries of the high sec
retary, high treasurer, or high auditor. It
was recommended that the office of high
chief remain an honorary, one, as before,
but that ; he be'allowed traveling ex
penses when actually visiting courts., It
was also- recommended that the State be
divided into three- districts— the Northern,
Central and Southern— and that the dis
tricts be apportioned" for visitation, so
that the high: chief would .have one dis
trict, the past high chief one- and the :
high vice chief one, and tha$ they be paid
S3 per day, and. traveling expenses while
actually engaged in visiting the courts,
each to visit all the courts in his district
at least once a year. ¦ , . - . ;
All other .missionary work was left to
the high stading committee, with the rec
ommendation that the committee men
tioned secure from the Supreme Court of
the order air possible aid in organization
and extension work. . " ( ' ;
San Diego, was chosen as the next meet
ing place. '•• : . ¦ .
Special Dispatch to The Call
District Attorney Underwood of Wash
ington, Pa., made information against
Milbvar Kovevick and Milovar Pattrowlk,
charging them with the murder of Con
tractor Samuel Ferguson, who was killed
at West Middletown September 26. The
"fiaeies given by the two men arrested at
Southampton may have been assumed.
..SOUTHAMPTON, Oct. 21.— Two Croa-
Jians named Tanarae and Kebear were
arrested on board the American line
steamer Philadelphia on her arrival from
New York, charged with a murder com
mitted la Washington, Pa.
TWO CROATIANS ARRESTED
AT SOUTHAMPTON DOCK
Taken Into Custody Charged With
the Murder of a Pennsylvania
i Contractor.
High Court Meets in
Annual Session at
Stockton.
Eigurrl Ibsen, a son of Henrik Ibsen.
the poet and dramatist, will probably be
come chief of the Norwegian delegation
fn the Council of State meeting at Stock
holm.
CHRISTIANIA, Norway. Oct. 21.— The
Cabinet presided over by Otto Blehr has
designed, in conseauence of a parliamen
tary committee's decision in favor of the
opposition in a disputed election in the
2^'edenacs district whereby the opposition
pained four 6eats. A coalition Cabinet
inade ur> of the Conservatives and Lib
erals will be formed. King Oscar has in
trusteij Professor Hagerup to form the
r*r w Cabinet.
Retires Because of Adverse Decision
of Parliamentary Commitve-a
in Disputed Election.
NORWEGIAN CABINET
RESIGNS FROM OFFICE
) OLIET. 111.. Oct. 21.-The Exchange
Bank, the only institution of its kind at
Lockport, closed its doors to-day. The
bank was capitalized at $25,000, and the
deposits are thought to be in the neigh
borhood of $40,000. C. H. Bacon, former
Mayor and State Senator, is president of
the bank.' Examination of the bank's af
fairs show the deposits will aggregate
$75,000, while loans and discounts are out
J22.000 and cash in the bank $3138.
Small Illinois Bank Fails.
chief of the Ministrv of War, and two
others, JiS-W.
Junior officers from $490 to $1000.
M. Avakumovics. for undertaking the
leadership of the provisional government,
sio.m
There is no confirmation of the story.
-.VIENNA. Oct. 21.— A story is published
here to the effect that the Servian army
officers who assassinated King Alexander
ar.d Queen Draga received payment as
follows:
The Queen's brother-in-law. Colonel
Machin. now commander of the Belgrade
and Danube divisions cf the army. $6000.
•Colonel Michitch. recently departmental
FINANCIAL COMPENSATION
FOR SERVIAN REGICIDES
List Is Published in Vienna of Of
ficers Concerned and the Pay
Received.
BALTIMORE, Md., Oct. 2L — The di
rectors of the Union Trust Company held
a meeting to-day, which • lasted several
hours, and after a thorough discussion
of the affairs of the company, a resolu
tion was adopted to appoint a committee
to arrange for the resumption of business.
In financial circles in this city to-day
business settled to a normal basis. Tlve
knowledge that all banks and trust com
panies had ample cash on hand to meet
any emergency cleared the atmosphere
of rumors. In view of the cheerful con
dition of affairs the executive committee
of the Clearing-house Association found
no occasion for further conferences.
Union Trust Company of Baltimore
Takes First Steps.
HOPES TO RESTJME BUSINESS.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 21— Parties in the
city from the vicinity of Tulare Lake re
port that that body of water, once navi
gable by steamers, is now perfectly dry.
A man on foot can cross it at any point
and in some places the ground is hard
enough for a team to drive over. The
cause of this condition is the draining of
the Kern and Kings rivers of their water
by irrigation canals.
Tulare Lake Is Reported to Be Dry.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.-Fourth-class
postmaster appointed: Washington —
Charles Fish, Austin, Island County, vice
H. T. Marshall, removed.
Navy orders— Lieutenant G. L. P. Stone
detached from the Wyoming to the Mare
Island hospital for treatment. Pay In
spector R. T. M. Bell detached from the
New York, December, to charge of navy
pay. office, San Francisco.
Army orders— Leave of absence granted
to Contract Surgeon Elmer E. Mansfield,
Department of California, extended to
November 30. ¦ . " ¦ -
Of Interest to Pacific Coast.
FORT CROOK. Neb.. Oct 21.— Six com
panies of the Twenty-second Infantry,
Colonel Henry Wygant commanding, left
to-day for Manila for a two years' ab
sence. There are 465 men in the two bat
talions, including the. band of twenty-six
pieces, and they will occupy nineteen
tourist sleepers and two Pullmans. The
regiment is destined for service in South
ern Luzon.
Twenty-Second En Route to Manila.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Oct. 21.— Samuel
E. Morss, editor and proprietor of the In
dianapolis Sentinel, fell from the third
story of the Sentinel building to-day and
lived by fifteen minutes. The window
from which he fell was in his private of
fice./ No one was with him at the time,
though several persons were waiting in
the ante-room to see him. Morss had
been In bad health some time and it was
announced by his private secretary *hat
he had probably opened the window for
air nad was overcome by heart trouble.
Financial troubles have been worrying
him recently. He left - a wife and one
daughter. . .¦¦.-...
Samuel E. Morss of the Sentinel
Meets Tragic Death at Office
Building.
INDIANAPOLIS EDITOR
FALLS FROM THIRD-STORY
FORESTERS NAME
THEIR OFFICERS
eral manager of the' Hannibal
and St. Joseph and Kansas City, St. Jo
seph and Council Bluffs railroads and of
the Chicago, Burlington and Kansas City
Railway, with offices at St. Louis, and
second vice president of the Chicago,
Burlington and Quincy, of which system
those roads' are a part. His service has
been altogether with Western roads, be
ginning when he was 20 years of age In
1SS0, with the engineer corps of the Chi-,
capo, Burlington and Quincy Railroad.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 21.— Howard Eliott,
vice president of the Chicago, Burlington
and Quincy Railroad, who was to-day
elected president of the Northern Pa
cific Railroad to succeed C. S. Mellen,
was seen here this afternoon by a. rep
resentative of the Associated Press, Just
previous to his departure for St. Paul:
Elliott stated that while he appreciated
very fully the compliment paid him by
the Northern Pacific directors in electing
him president, of that » company, never
theless it was natural for him to have a
feeling of regret at leaving the Burling
ton, for which he began work in 1880. El
liot said further: .,.-¦ 1 . .. ..>
There is a natural commercial exchange and
interdependence between the States in • the
Mississippi and Missouri valleys and those in
the Northwest and I shall try to do what I
can to promote those relations In my work on
the Northern Pacific Railroad, which is a
great property and an important factor in the
business development of the Northwest. •
Eliott said he would continue to make
St. Louis his home' until after the world's
fair, of which he is a director. He con
tinued:
My duties as president of the Northern Pa
cific will make it necessary for me to be on
the road a great deal, as I want to become
acquainted with the property and the men as
rapidly as possible. I shall also have to go
to New York more. or less, bo it seems unwise
to move at present. Even if my family were
in St. Paul I should. of necessity be separated
from them a large part of the time.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— Howard
. Elliott was to-day 'elected presi
* dent of the Northern Pacific
Railroad. Elliott has been gen-
Elected President of iSonh
ern Pacific to Succeed
Mellen.
RAILROAD MAN CHOSEN AS
PRESIDENT OF THE NORTH
ERN PACIFIC.
At the conclusion of the mass Archbish
op J. J. Keane, who was a close friend of
the deceased, dating back to the time
when they were classmates at college,
preached the funeral panegyric
Before Archbishop Keane had concluded
absolution was pronounced aver the bier
by Cardinal Gibbons, four Archbishops
and Bishops, and opportunity was given
those assembled to take a farewell view
of the remains. The cortege then pro
ceeded to Calvary Cemetery, ) where the
Interment was made.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 21.— Funeral services
were conducted in the old cathedral to
day over the body of the late Archbishop
John J. Kaln of this diocese, who died
last week In Baltimore. The ceremonies
were attended by a large assemblage.
Cardinal Gibbons celebrated the requiem
high mass and five Archbishops and Bish
ops performed the rite of absolution.
Archbishop Keane of Dubuque, Iowa, of
ficiated and delivered the sermon. The
body was interred in Calvary Cemetery,
alongside the grave of Archbishop Ken
rick.
Cardinal' Gibbons Celebrates Requiem
High Mass for Repose of Soul
of Archbishop Kain.
COLLEGE MATE PREACHES
THE FUNEBAIi PANEGYRIC
GUATMAS, Mexico, Oct. 21.— The Mexi
can Government authorities at Guaymas
have just been advised of a recent raid
of the town of San Lucas, Sonora, by
bandits who made their headquarters in
the Sierra Madre Mountains and who
•were led by a noted outlaw named Guada
lupe Arenas. The band rode into the
town about 3 o'clock en Monday after
noon, tied their horses in front of An
tonio Martinez's pardens, where they ask
ed for mescal, while the residents of the
trrwn looked on, too frightened to resist.
There were ten desperadoes besides Are
nas in the band, and after drinkins all
of the mescal in the place they became
incensed and began to shoot up the town.
" They rode through the streets tiring into
the .doorways and windows of houses.
Auzencio Meler.dex and Jesus Zalvidar,
born merchants of the town, were killed
by Volloys poured into the doorways of
their stores. The populace became terrl
flc-d and the women fled to the little
church in the town, where they prayed
for deliverance, while the men gathered
flround on the outside armed with rifles,
shotguns, revolvers and some with axes,
or any other weapons of defense which
They could procure. The Prefect of Po
lice assumed command of the volunteers
organized to protect the town and when
flie bandits attacked the party they met
.with a determined resistance. In the fight
which followed Arenas, the leader of the
outlaws, encaged in a hand-to-hand con
flict with Louis v-navez. the Prefect of
police, who feil< d the outlaw leader with
an "ax. striking him a terrible blow on
'tlie head. When they saw their leader
fall the bandits became demoralized and
retired, fleeing to the mountains and to
ward Fan Andreas. These who fled to
ward the neighboring town were pursued
and captured, but five cf the band es
eaped. Arenas, the leader of the band,
will die, while summary justice will un
doubtedly be dealt out to the five who
were captured and are lodged in the jail
in San Andreas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Leader of Desperadoes Is Wounded
by the Prefect of Police and
Captured With Five of
His Followers.
Residents Arm Themselves
and Give Battle to
the Outlaws.
The resignation of the Premier was ten
dered to King Victor Emmanuel to-day,
and it is in no way connected with the
political situation. This was clearly set
forth at the ministerial council. Signor
Zanardelli's • health Is ! dally becoming
worse. Other members of the Cabinet
essayed in vain to dissuade the Premier
from resigning, but - his decision so to do
was supported by Signor Bacelll. Minister
of Agriculture, who is a famous physi
cian. :;:.:?',',-:•
ROME, Oct. 21.— The Cabinet has re
signed. The decision to take this step
was reached unanimously at a ministerial
council held to-day and after Premier
Zanardelli announced he had sent in his
resignation in consequence of failing
health. rr'.-.i- ; :¦'-. ¦•'.
Robert S. Smith, president of the Union
National Bank and president of the Pitts
burg Clearing-house Association, said:
I was assured last night by President Lang
fltt that every depositor would get every dol
lar due. It Is possible that some small coun
try banks which do business through the Fed
eral National may be temporarily embarrassed,
but even at that, it will be only temporarily.
When our doors closed we had approximately
$1.!*OO.OCK.» cf deposits, to secure which we had
nn hand in cash, time and demand loans and
other good prop«rties about S4.6OO.0OO. This
was our condition after having paid out to
depositors, in addition to currency receipts and
disbursements more than f2.000.000 within
fifteen days in a period of generally strenuous
financial conditions.
When the business depression came on. the
f-to-.-khoIders. from necessity or fear, began
throwing etock upon the market. The stock
issue was large and the market weak. On
grcurd'ess rumors our splendid lift of deposi
tors took fright and the rapid withdrawal of
moneys 1 .pan and increasod until, despite our
best efforts, the bank could not meet the de
mands upon it.
Last n!gr.t tfce directors, believing such
course to b- the proper one. ordered the bank
to b« clo?td temporarily and requested the
Comptroller of trie Currency to take charge.
T*vo \%«k» aso our deposits exceeded $4.-
COft.OOO end until yesterday, "when the floods
came," we had maintained our full legal re
serve
The elosing of the bank was decided
upon at a meeting of the directors last
night. The bank is a United States depos
itory and reported on hand September 9
$70,000 or United States deposits. The
stock of the company has been subjected
to sharp declines on the Pittsburg Ex
change this week. On Monday the stock
sold from 115 down to 85, but it was
forced up to 101. All day yesterday it
sagged, and the closing quotation was 85,
a number of transactions having been
made at 80. J. A. Langfltt, president of
the Federal National Bank, in a signed
statement, says:
The Federal National Bank has finally yield.
W to the cocnblntd assaults of its stockhold
ers and depositors and has closed its doors
until arrangements can be made to discharge
all depositors' claims. The question of re
opening will then be decided
Borne such action as this has been
within the possibilities for the past few
days, forecasted by the determined raid
upon the institution's stock on the Pitts
burg Btock Exchange. However, the pos
itive ptatements of the president, J. A,
Langfltt, to the effect that the bank was
not in need of money and that its losses
would not affect Its capital or surplus,
did much toward allaying distrust on the
part of. Its depositors, thus preventing a
"run."
PITTSBURG, Oct. 2L— The Federal Na
tional Bank was. not opened for business
this morning. The following notice was
ported in explanation:
Closed bv the authority of the Comptroller
of the Currency.
JAMES B. CUNNINGHAM. Receiver.
During the hearing Bryan introduced a
mass of correspondence between himself,
and Bennett from the year 1896 to 1900.
He read a number of the letters aloud, in
order to show that Bennett repeatedly
made offers of financial assistance to him.
On four occasions, according to the wit
ness, Bennett sent him money to aid
him, the amount in all aggregating $3500.
He related that in May, 1900, Bennett
came to Lincoln, Neb., to discuss the
provisions of his will and told Bryan
that he wished him to accept a bequest of
$50,000, believing that he would need it
later. A suggestion made by Bryan at
that time was to the effect that if Ben
nett so desired, he could embody it in a
request to Mrs. Bennett in a letter to be
left with the will. He further suggested
that the money be left in trust to himself
to distribute among educational and
philanthropic institutions. After Bennett
returned East he executed his will and
sent a copy to Bryan of what, he said,
was the letter which he left for Mrs.
Bennett, with his will.
When Bryan's statement had been con
cluded, Judge Stoddard said that the will
would be contested by Mrs. Bennett of
Bryan sought to secure the money, be
lieving that Bryan had no equitable
right to it.
Bryan, in reply, said, that not one cent
of the money would he allow either his
wife or his children to receive unless
Mrs. Bennett were willing. He, however,
did intend to, ask the court to decide the
validity of the bequest, so that in case
It was declared legal he could distribute
the money among educational and char
itable institutions.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. Oct. 2L — As a
climax to the hearing of' the application
of the probating of the will of the late
Philo S. Bennett, accompanying which
was a sealed letter which William J.
Bryan to-day testified was a request that
be accept $50,000, Judge Stoddard, who
represents Mrs. Bennett, declared that if
Bryan insisted upon receiving the fund
his client would contest the will.
He declined to say whether there would
be other removals, but it is understod
that, while a few others may follow,
there may not be any wholesale dismis
sals. It is said that there are three or
four other employes upon whose conduct
there is some reflection and whose cases
hang in the balance. They were not im
plicated so much as those whose cases
were acted upon to-day and some of them
may remain permanently in the postal
service, though, possibly, not in their
present positions.
"Weis, the New York clerk who has been,
relieved, is said to have enjoyed confi
dential relations with George W. Beav
ers, late superintendent of the salary and
allowance division, and he is charged
with having acted as a medium through
which other clerks in the New York post
offlce were communicated with.
In reply to questions, Mr. Payne said
the removals were the result of disclo
sures made, to the Brlstow report.
"I have read the report," he said, "and
am free to say that my, action to-day was
the resiijt of its perusal."
C. B. Terry, a clerk in the division of sup
rlies, has been removed for making false affi
davits; attempting to obtain money from clerks
under the guise that he could influence their
promotion and general Inefficiency.
Louis Kempfner. superintendent of the reg
istry system, has been removed for incom
petent and negligent administration; for waste
ful and unnecessary extravagance In sending
expensive manifold registration books to a
large number of small fourth-class postofflces
and for violating the revenue laws by a sys
tem of petty smuggling.
Michael W. Lewis has been removed .from
the office of superintendent of supplies because
the recent investigation show» that he in
fluenced the awarding- of contracts (or sup
plies to favored bidders : that he has been
extravagant and wasteful In the administra
tion of his office and that he has paid ex
cessive prices for supplies to favored con
tractors.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— Postmaster
General Payne to-day rernoved from of
fice Michael "W. Louis, superintendent o*
supplies of the Postofflce Department;
Louis Kempfner, chief of the registry, di
vision of the third assistant postmaster
general's office, and C. B. Terry, a J900
clerk In the Postofflce Department, and
directed the postmaster at New York to
remove Otto Wels, a clerk. ¦
These removals are the first result of
Fourth Assistant. Postmaster General
Bristow's report on the irregularities in
the Postoffice Department. Postmaster
General Payne made the following official
statement:
Trouble Due to Raid Upon
Stock and Frightening
of Depositors.
Fire Through Windows
of Stores and Kill
Two Merchants.
Minister of Agriculture, a
Famous Physician, Ad
vises Step®!
Head of the Department Acts
Upon the Report of
Bristow.
Bennett's Widow Will Con
test Payment if He
Demands Fund.
Orders Dismissal of a
Fourth Postoffice
Zanardelli's Resignation
Due to Failing
Comptroller in Charge
of the Federal in
Pittsburg.
Bryan Causes Sensation
in Probate Court in
New Haven.
BANDITS' RAID
UPON TOWN
OF MEXICO
PAYNE REMOVES
THREE ATTACHES
CLAIMS LEGACY
LEFT BY LETTER
NATIONAL BANK
CLOSES DOORS
CABINET RETIRES
WITH PREMIER
HOWARD ELLIOTT
CHOSEN HEAD OF
GREAT SYSTEM
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL. THUBSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1903.
. BERLIN. Oct. . 21 '.— The Prussian ¦-. Govern
ment has authorized ¦ the Berlin municipality
to 'issue the loan proposed la^t, spring of $57,
000,000 for gas. water, sewerage and other city
undertakings, m
LOS ANGELES,' Oct 21:— Pidele Frlschl,
an elderly Italian, .committed suicide to
day by shootlngihimsclf in the right
temple. He was employed as porter in. a
North Main-street . saloon and ' for several
weeks had been despondent,' saying that
he did not care to live any longer.- ¦
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS. \^
INTERNATIONAL BANKING CORPORATION
NO. I, 1A/ALL, ST., NEW YORK.
Capital. $3,947,200. Surplus and Undivided Profits, $4,044,973.37.
WILLIAM L. MOYER'. President
JOHN HUBBARD Treasurer
JAMES H. ROGERS.; ; Secretary
CHARLES D. PALMER...:' Asst. to President
. WILLIAM B. WIGHTMAN Asst. to President
JOHN B. LEE General Manager
WILLIAM H. MACINTYRE : .A«st. Gen'l Manager
ALEXANDER & GREEN Counsel
FISCAL AGENTS FOR THE .UNITED STATES IN CHINA AND THE PHILIP-
PINE ISLANDS. DESIGNATED DEPOSITORY FOR THE FUNDS OF THE GOVERN-
MENT OF THE.PHlLrPPINE ISLANDS.
BRANCHES:
LONDON JOHN C. BUDD. Manager
PAN FRANCISCO ' FRANCIS E.-BECK, Manager
WASHINGTON. D. C J. SELWIN TAIT. Manager
CITY OF MEXICO LIONEL H. MILLER. Manager
MANILA ..-. ROBERT W. BROWN, Mapager
HONGKONG .CHARLES R. BCOTT. Manager
YOKOHAMA HERBERT C. GL'LLAND. Manager
SHANGHAI JAMES S. FEARON, Agent
SINGAPORE ANWYL RICHARDS, Manager
AGENCIES.
BOMBAY. CALCUTTA. MADRAS. PENANG. RANGOON. COLOMBO, AMOY. CANTON
HANKOW. TIENTSIN. TANSUI. ANPING, BAKAN. i MOJI. SAIGON ' '
KOBE. BANGKOK, BA.TAVIA. SAMARANG, SOURABAYA.
CORRESPONDENTS IN ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD.
THOMAS H. HUBBARD, Chairman of the Board New York
JAMES W. ALEXANDER jf«w y orIt
President, Equitable Life Assurance Society
Jtijts d. BA^ni/ Ntw York
Of J. S. Bacne & Co., Brokers. ; . *«
CLARENCE CARY N ew York
Of Cary & Whitridge, Lawyers
JUAN M. CEBALLOS , xew York
Of J. M. Ceballon &. Co., Commission Merchants
EDWARD F. CRAGIN «. ...i. x ew York
No. 100 Broadway.
W. MURRAY CRANE Dalton
Former Governor ot Massachusetts
GEORGE CROCKER San Francisco
President, Pacific Improvement Company
EUGENE DELANO J New Jork
¦ ;¦ Of Brown Brothers & Co.. Banker*
MARCELLUS HARTLEY DODGE..... : New York
Director, Equitable Life Assurance Society
SYLVESTER C. DUNHAM Hartford
President, Travelers' Insurance Company of Hartford
HALEY FISKE x ew Torlc
Vice President. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company
EDWIN GOULD N ew York
President. St. Louis Southwestern R. R.
ISAAC GUGGENHEIM New York
. - Treasurer. American Smelting and Refining Company
EDWARD H. HARRIMAN... New York
Chairman, Union Pacific Railroad
JOHN R. HEGEMAN i New York
- President, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company
WILLIAM G. HENSHAW : Oakland
.••'x.',' President, Union Savings R-.nk
ERSKINE HEWITT : New York
With Cooper. Hewitt & Co., Merchants
•JOHN HUBBARD New York
' ' ¦ Treasurer.
HENRY E. HUNTINGTON New York
President. Pacific Electric Railway Company
JAMES H. HYDE........ New York
Vice President, Equitable Life Assurance Society
JOHN B. JACKSON Pittsburg
President. Fidelity Title & Trust Co.
LUTHER KOUNTZE New York
. . Of Kountze Brothers, 'Bankers ¦ .: ¦ -,/
JOHN J. McCOOK ...;.......... New York
. . Of Alexander & Green, Lawyers
HENRY P. McINTOSH... .' ....' Cleveland
President, Guardian Trust Company .
WILLIAM H. McINTYRE New York
Fourth Vice President. Equitable Life Assurance Society
PIERRE MALI : , New. York
Of Henry W. T. Mali & Co.. Merchants
HENRT B. MANNING.. New York
- ¦¦< Of Manning, Maxwell & Moore, Merchants
WILLIAM L. MOYER;...... : New York
. President, The National Shoe and Leather Bank
ALLAN W. PAIGE.. Bridgeport
¦••¦-. - c° unBelor-at " Law
HENRY CLAY PIERCE.... St. Louis
Chairman, Mexican Central Railway Company, Ltd
WILLIAM A. READ....... T .. New York
. » -. ? Of Vermllye & Co., Bankers -
HOWARD S. RODGERS.........: Cincinnati
.,.¦... . Vice President, Merchants' National Bank .
GEORGE H. RUSSEL Detroit
> •. ;,. . ¦. ¦ President. State Savlnss Bank
¦WILLIAM SALOMON ............:...¦ ..'.. :....i. New Tork
.¦•:•¦. ¦¦¦.,. Of William Salomon & Co., Bankers . ¦ ,. • • •
ROBERT A. C. SMITH..... '. ...New York
. PreKldent. American Mall Steamship Company
ALFRED G. VANDERBILT.. :........ N ew 7 0rlc
CHARLES A. WHITTIER. ..... .V. ..:... .:..........;....... ..New York
Treasurer," American-China Development Company
San Francisco Branch : 32-34 Sansome St.
.;?'*»¦ A General* Banking Business Transacted. »*_r , ¦>
Accounts . f Corporations Firms and Individuals Solicited.
KK'jiti Loarm Made on Liberal Terms on Approved Securities.
;, ' --'. ; . Foreign and Domestic Exchange Bought and Sold. • '
Travelers' and Commercial Letters of Credit Granted available, in .any Part of the World
: Interest-Bearing Certificates of Deposit Issued for Fixed Periods.
¦¦;.-¦• ii'. .\; ¦ - ¦ Interest Allowed, to Ranks on Current Dally. Balances.
Special, Rates given to Banks, Keeping Accounts ¦". with us and Drawing Direct on our
¦ .. . .: Branches and Ager.tn Throuehout the World.. . •
1 CORRESPONDENCE INVITED. % . . ,
Please note that the INTERNATIONAL BANKING CORPORATION Is In no way connected
with the INTERNATIONAL BANK & TRUST COMPANY OF AMERICA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jfipARTERS
MsSvEdf 1 1 ¦ 3 I a . * - iy|
OBBbSb I E9n3 *m ¦¦
S10K HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Uttle Pills,
They also reEere Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Dnrsrsi-
aess, Bad Taste ia the Mouth, Coated Tongna
Pain in the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
: Small Price.
Pale babies become rosy and
pretty babies when fed on
Mellin's Food.. Mellin's Food
strengthens. •
70 beautifully printed pages of helpfbl hint*
about "The Care ana Feeding of Infants,"
bound in cloth, will be sent you free if you
ask for it. ,_,
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
VEERS
The Highest Priced but '
the Best Quality.
; .dOLD EVErVV WHERE.
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.
P«dflo Coast Agents.
THIS BLUE SIGNATURE
BEWARE OF 'JUST AS COOPS"]
POLITICAL CABDS.
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
1
Republican
Nominee
|For Public AdmlnistratorL
William E. Lutz
Nominee I
G
For Tax Collector .
Edward J.'
SMITH
' " " (INCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
Forlssw:
ffiSHIlTOIIIE
Democratic Imee.
— . _ :
For Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis
Chairman Street Commute* of Present Board
of Supervisor*.
Democratic Nominee
Union Labor Party & omlnea
ADVERTISEMENTS.
San Francisco, Thursday, 22 October, 1903.
| We are still selling those famous Smith
and Higgins eight wire Tapestry Brussels at
i 85 cents. This means a good big saving when
you figure that the price in most carpet stores
on these goods is $1.10.
< You can choose from a good assortment of
serviceable patterns, and we will sew, line and
lay the carpet.
Our new seven-story building on t Geary
street is fast nearing completion. We expect to
move about the middle of November. Positively
no removal sale. ••, >r ;
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
,957 to 977 Market Street, Sari Francisco]President Caldwell Hardy, who is the
hejJB «*f the Norfolk National Bank of
Norfolk, Va., then replied to the address,
es of welcome, which was followed by
the annual address of the president of
thp association.
President, Caldwell Hardy aaid: - ¦
Another year has passed since/ our. last con
xentlon, and we come together impressed, as
•»•<! are at each of our ennual gatherings. ' with
the -BiomentoHs. tide which has-swept us alonsr
into history, the Mrtory of a -commercial anj
financial t-noch. ench as has never? been wit
nessed- before, the futun. of which, holds, an
int*wt for aH of us,- and is "equaled, only l>y
the Kiant forces which have been .'nstcumentsj
in our progress. To attempt to review In Je
tall these events would be Impossible, but I
Fhall aim to t<mch briefly on some salient points
bearing on our nnances and commerces.
OUH DEVELOPMENT.
A few years tiro we were engaged in * battle
of. the standards, an uncompromising and de
clrtve.FtrugrJa between . a . debased aiid , th«
go!<! standard, recognized ' by the enlightened
world; but. fierce as was th* contest, the In
telligence of our people arrived at the wund
OFFICIAL BEPOBTS SUBMITTED.
Data Tells of Vast Growth of Bank
_ -:. . . era'. Association.
Secretary ' James R. Branch of the
Bankers' Association . then presented '.. his
annual report,' which was as follows:
To* ithe . members ot the ; American Bankers'
Association: ¦..;¦. .. .-.. , •
¦ Tho membership and resources of the asso
ciation have increased as follows :
• • '• • Paid mem- Annual
•'•--. - . bershlp. • • ' dues.
September t, 1875... l«0© - • JU.OOG
September 1.18S5..; 1305 - 10,040
September 1.-1803 JWO ' 12,075
October 1.19C8... '...¦...... 7065 \76.N>8
The ' interest on v$10.000
•Government • 4s, • 1025. . : •
>. $400, .makes < a' total •-• in- . - .. , . -
• '. come of :..-.:...-..;.%.... . ' v :,\ <¦_-_ $76,0^8
'"-In the past' year 313" members have been lost
through failure,- liquidation- and Withdrawal
from' the association,- reducing the membership
September 1,; 1902, to 6820. -...;¦• ¦'-•• <;.
: . • One ; thousand one hundred : and ¦' thirty-nine
' members have Joined sine September , 1. 1902,
making a net galntover last year's total mem,
bershlp of '826, which is the -largest number of
banks j ever :. added . to ; our rolls * in • the same
space 'of time... i' . .- ' •'•''* ..;»••.¦•«¦.,«
, t The total ¦: membership ' is composed of . 2944
private \ bankers and banks . with ' a capital and
._The., report of; the currency.: committee
was; then read by the secretary of, the
association, thTreport being as follows:
To the Bankers' Association
A« instructed j by the special currency 'com
mittee appointed at Nfcw Orleans to lnvl«tl.
gate and report on the -present currency ,^..
tem of •. the United States, the chairman of
th s i committee, not being . in attendance at
this convention, I beg leave to submit the
following report: -••.;.•¦ • ; ¦ B
There is at- present more' real money /la '"the
Currency Committee.
Facts and Figures Presented by the
TELLS OF NATION'S WEALTH.
Suggestions of Committee Leads to
Discussion at Length.
• The report of the committee on< fidelity
insurance was as fqllows:
'The committee on fidelity Insurance betri to
report that. In pursuance of a recommendation
BONDING OF BANK EMPLOYES.
Continued on Pa^e 7, Column 3.
think that the movement will meet the ai
proval of the best banking' thought of tl
country.
OUn ASSOCIATION.
For details of "what has been accomplished
during the past year I shall refer you to the
report of the chairman of the executive coun
cil, within whose province the active work of
the association lies,, more particularly, and the
reports of the various committees.
Our membership continues to show a healthy
and gratifying increase, and has risen beyond
7000. The work of our protective committee
has been puished with the vigor and Intelligence
which has characterized it for years past. Your
committee on uniform laws has continued its
valuable work, and we look forward to the
time when tho law of negotiable Instruments
Hhall he the same in all of our States. The
work being done by our committee on educa
tion, is only equaled <by the undeveloped field
before it. There may have been, doubts at
times In the minds of some of our members
as -to the value of this work, but the results
achieved, as set forth in. tha committee's re
port, leave no further room for question. What
more eloouent tribute to this work could be
paid than that which I received In a recent
letter from one of our prominent members,
reading: "Already four Of the most prominent
men in Instituting 'our chapter have been
raised from 'the ranks* to officials In the banks
with which they are connected."
i Your fidelity committee has devoted Itself
with painstaking care and assiduity for several
years to the protection of your members
against the unfaithfulness of employes and to
the establishing of a uniform and fair form of
bond, at reduced rates, which has resulted In
the saving of -many thousands of dollars to our
members. The work of . the committee- has
brought it to the- point of outlining the future
feasibilities . in the establishment of. a "bank
ers' guaranty fund." This would seem to be
the- logical conclusion of this work, and unless
such a plan be adopted, the committee has,
probably, accomplished 'all it can do: The
success' which similar funds have met with in
England and the establishment of them by
large banks and other corporations attest
their practicality. I cannot too strongly urge
upon you the careful ¦ consideration of the re
port of the committee" on this most important
matter. ¦ • ¦ '. .
In reviewins the various subjects touched
upon, 1 have not hesitated to criticize, where I
have felt it necesary, and to display a danger
signal 'where ft "seemed to be required, bat
while, counseling conservatism, I would not
have you count me a pessimist. Banking has
developed '. into a ' profession and not a mere
trade. .W,e are ' insisting upon a more • ade
quate preparation for business, .tor a larger
education; a 'deeper knowledge ol principles
and economics and a fuller appreciation of the
principles which should govern the relations of
"men In- banklnsr .'and commercial life. The
achievements of our association in protective,
educational and" legislative work accentuate
the possibilities of organized effort and our
growth in membership and influence are the
tangible returns of the seeds which we have
gown. May our future years continue to be
filled with 'the further, fruition of our efforts.
Who can recount the friendship formed and
tell of the memories of pleasant . intercourse
graven deep in our hearts, • for which we .are
Indebted to our beloved association? -These
may not be weighed end measured. by scale and
rule, but still would alone be sufficient reason
for our existence. . » ' ¦ .
. Let us turn our faces, then, to the bright
future of our country • and our association.
When the rising : sun -to-day first touched .the
easternmost border of . our country it ; looked
down upon,the richest and most prosperous na
tion in the world, and when to-night It shall
have cast its last rays on the Golden Gate and
passed on to Hawaii and the Philippines li wilt
leave behind the most enlightened and progres
sive people It has ever shone upon — we of our
great republic. . . . .
PROMINENT . BANKERS WHO
•ADDRESSED OPENING SES
SION OP CONVENTION.
WELOOT5TED BY THE MAYOIL
City's Executive Tenders Visitors
Hearty Greeting.
Mayor Schmltz then welcomed the dele
gates in the name of the people of San
Francisco and, in part, he eald:
As the chief executive officer of this city
and on behalf of all her people, I extend you
a hearty welcome.
You have come from the distant centers of
our national life, have done us signal honor br
selecting thi* far Western outpost of . our
American development as the meeting place
of your Important convention, and it Is "thfc
desire of our citizens that your welcome snail
be not only to our city, but also to the hearts
and homes of our people. For. whatever b«
the fact In other lands, we recognize that in
the life of the American banker there is al
ways room for the play of the Impulses of
the heart and of the influences of tbe home
We welcome you. not alone for the advan
tagt-s which may In the future accrue through
yr/ur visits to the city of which we are so
proud, but also for the achievements which
have already been made possible for San Fran
cisco and Indeed for all California through the
conservative, yet abundant confidence of the
rr.ea who control the financial arteries of the
nation — the bankers of the United States.
Offers State's Hospitality to the Dele
gates and Friends.
GOVERNOB PABDEE SPEAKS.
Governor Pardee was given a warm re
ception when introduced to the conven
tion, and his address was received with
interest. In part he said:
It is not often that the Governor of Cali
.ornia has an opportunity *u<-h as this. When
t.-er the Governor ha* faced even a single
hanker tn* latter has listened only a» long as
he pleased. To-day, however, the tables are
turned. The Governor must, out of eheer po
l:ten*¥s, if for no other reason, be listen^! to
as lors as he wants to tain. And to think
i.iat be has, not one. but Fueh a multitude of
bankers, «-von the assembled representatives
'>! the whole American banking world com-
I'.ric'.y et his mt-rcy fiilg tbe Governor's soul
v.-!tn a rreat and consuming joy. My "paper"
to-day, icr one*, munt 1* "accepted" without
protfFt'; the "crawer" has the "drawee" af
a «rrest disadvanias- : no ••discount 1 will be
aho-a-fd; it is a "flcht draft" with "grace,"
.second and third." not only- "unpaid." but
-von imi.«supd. Centlemen. then is but one
thins for you to do and tha: is to shelter your
iwIvms behind the curtumary "no recourse " for
!>u had but one. and that I have removed by
I e"ul 5 V° e uaVd a ed. >Onaer "* l0Cked "*
i suppose 1 ought to have begun this address
of *'»;lcome by asking you the question with
» Uich. it is* Paid. ev*-ry Californian greets those
v-noni he, for the first time meets %-lz - "How
do you like California?' What we!. really
n.oan by that <jueFtion!s really not "How do
Cl" ¦," k £, Ca V r 27 Jla i' > bul " How mucl > <*° yo«
like California? For we know that everybody
l-k<* thf OoUeA State; and we always judge of
t:ie Intelligence and Intellectuality of the
F'rane.r within our ratwi by the degree of
hvo he exj>r«*ss<?s for California. So as I
J'-ok over your faces to-day. 1 am cure that
-you like raUfcrala h»<^r. Rlmort. tha¥ any
• 'ih:r place on earth. . r
But jxu are rot manners within our sat^
You are our, welcome guests. Welcome to" she
land v.her« there are no lightning rods nor
••jejone cr-llars; wh»n> no one dies ff-om heat
nor pfrifhe* v.ith «-old: where roses bloom the
!" r around, and Nature always turns her
smllins face toward him -who trusts her for
Welcome to the westf-m boundary of the
United Sutcs. nthere tiie.Rreat Pacific tends
th- curpes thundering to our very door?— the
cr-at I'aciSc that fcoon will bear upon his
c«lm, untroubled b«jsom such argosies as trade
nnd commerce tiave -not seen before Wel
<r>mt to the Golden Gste, wWch opens on to
far Cathay, and through which, ore lone will
flow the "wealth of Ormus and of Ind " *Wel
come to our mines, forests, our mountains
our valleys, soon to teem with millions, where
l.ut Fettering tens, of thou*»*Hi now reside'
Welcome to the A'.zxy depths and towering
IWghtB of. tfce. Yosemite! Welcome to the
Erren and' CoTd of our -." orange and lemon
rrovee! Welcome, in a, word, tn California'
Tor you there Is rp latchstrlng and no key
cur doors are alt ajar. y
"Better loved ye canna be:
Wull^j* noicocmbeck agenr*.
With the close of Ihe welcoming Epeech
tm. the conventron then settled down to
it? work.
James P. Phelan- -welcomed the dele
gates on#tn-half of the' San Francisco
bankers, Sna Jils' address was filled with
figures showing ..the resources of Call-,
f ornia and of Its banks..
r— f +
surplus below $50,000; 1501 banks with capital
and - surplus between $50,000 and $100,000; 19.10
banks with capital and surplus between $100,
000 and $500,000; 357. banks with jcapital and
surplus. between $500,000 and $1,000,000; 333
banks with capital and surplus of $1,000,000
and over. The aggregated capital, surplus and
undivided profits of our members amount to
$10,547,230,405.
The report oT the committee on 're
adjustment of dues was submitted and
adopted by a unanimous vote, after which
George F. Orde,-the treasurer, reported
receipts, including' balance of $157,921, and
expenditures of $S5,5S9, the largest items
being protective committee, $38,199, and
salaries, $15,656. The balance August 31,
1902, was $72,382.
Tho reports of the secretary arid treas
urer were adopted and the report of the
executive committee of the association
was then presented by the chairman, E.
F. Swinney, president of the First Na
tional Bank of Kansas City, Mo. .
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
Recommendations of Importance to
Financial World Are Made.
The report of the executive council was
submitted by Chairman K. S. Swinney.
It gave in detail the work accomplished
by the association during the last year.
In substance it read: The membership
during the last year has increased, as
veil as the income of the association.
The main item of expense was that in
curred by the protective committee In the
running down and breaking up of danger
ous criminals.
The committee on education has been
showing good effects and its expenses
have decreased.
The committee on fidelity insurance of
fers the following resolution as an amend
ment to article III of the constitution of
the American Bankers' Association by the
addition of section 2: \ (* ;:
Section 2. The executive council shall ap
point a board of five trustees for the man
agement and administration of a fund to be
known as the American Bankers' Guaranty
Fund. Said fund shall be established for the
purpose of enabling such of the members of
this association and their employes as may
elect to ' become subscribers and contributors
thereto, and to avail themselves of the advan
tages thereof to provide by means of a gen
eral co-operation among said members and
their employes, a fund from which said mem
bers may be reimbursed for losses arising from
the dishonest acts of their employes. Said
board of trustees shall establish rules and reg
ulations for the government and management
.of said fund and the rules and regulations
adopted by the trustees shall be binding upon
all the contributors to and beneficiaries of said
fund. . r- ' - - . ¦
Vacancies In the said board of trustees shall
be filled by the executive council., and -It shall
be the duty of the council to annually appoint
an auditing committee to audit the books and
accounts of said trustees; but nothing herein
contained shall be construed as creating - any
.financial lability, by the association on account
of said fund. ._ .
The council,, after considering the ilia
which mlcht arise should the association
adopt the amendment, recommended that
it be not. adopted.
Lewis E. Pearson, vice president of the
New .Vork 'National. Exchange Bank, of
fers, the. following resolution:
Resolved, That this association adopt a bank
money order system and that the president ap
point a committee of five to devise a plan
whereby^ members _can be .furnished uniform
bank money orders with . proper advertising
matter in connection with the same at a mini
mum cost.
The report . of this committee shall be ren
dered to the executive council, which Is here
by empowered and requested to authorize such
expenditures as shall in their Judgment be
proper to enable the committee to carry out Its
recommendations.
The council recommends the adoption
of the above resolution.
; A resolution has been submitted by
Stephen ,M. Grlswold, president of. the
Union Bank of Brooklyn, N. Y., as fol
lows: .':.•?". : .'V.V'" V •
Whereas, The practice of paying Interest on
dally balances to individual depositors has
grown to the extent of impairing the prosperity
ot . many of the banks of our country, be it
therefore .- — .
' Resolved, That It is the sense of thts con
vention 'that .conservative banking demands
that no such Interest shall be paid.
' Resolved, That the foregoing resolution b* re
ferred to i the executive council for considera
tion p.nd action. -
¦ This resolution will be placed before the
convention. '
It has been the custom to appropriate
the sum of $5000 to be; used to help defray
the exaenses of - the convention In the
city in which it is held, and this custom
was "" carried out here. The bankers of
San / Francisco: refused to accept tK&
money and insisted on paying all of the
expenses of -the convention. •
,The . visiting .bankers \ were pleased with
the extreme ceneroslty of the San Fran
cisco bankers. /
conclusion, u It always does, and In the final
adherence to the tsold standard .laid . a • new
corner-stone of prosperity. And what has en
abled us to build on. Oils foundation th» wide
spread edifices of our national growth? . • Good
crops, as the fountain source, lending 1 a new
Impetus to the wheel* of industry. Insuring
abundant employment for labor- In. our fields,
our mines.' our .factories .and our railroads. A
conjunction of these reawakened enencle* sent
pulsating -through our- arteries of commerce an
Increased demand and production, .responsive
to each other. Good times have come again to
our farmers and our manufacturers, and our
railroads have been burdened with our cropa
and products and the return merchandise pur
chased-with their proceeds. ••;•
The unprecedented prosperity of the past few
years, growing out of these conditions, brought
us last fall to a climajc of high prices for com
modities and securities of all kinds. The same,
sunshine which brings to Its full fruition, our
rich harvests also testers the tares, unless they
be plucked up. So among * the ! substantial
edifices of our prosperity have sprung up art^
ficial commercial structures, which. have failed
signally to stand the test of time. Oversan
gulne people, some probably not overscrupulous
(but there are few people more capable of
making trouble than your full-fledged, unadul
terated optimist), swept away with the craze
for making money or anxious to profit by this
craie In others, had been capitalizing and re
capitalizing schemes of all kinds and inducing
people with paper profits to underwrite flota
tions which they were as unable to carry as
Gulliver was to lift himself by his boot straps.
The boom had gone too far and the pessimists
predicted open disaster, the natural reaction
set" In. money was in demand at Increasing
rates extended credits were being withdrawn,
collaterals and securities were cl08el y J*=ru
tinUed and a general housecleanlng begun
where it was mo«t needed, in the weeding out
of overcapitalisation and inflated securities.
We have gone through a period of liquidation
in speculative circles of the most drastic chap,
acterwithout serious results «cept to the few
who have got too far beyond their depth. The
process Is not yet complete and the way is
etm strewn with cripple, and "indigestible"
"cur-ties, but that general business conditions
are round no one can doubt. That we shall
have an ebb and flow in the tides of Industry
is as Srtain as the cycle of the seasons, and
he i>Sr£ o? tfcUe tides comes from our mother
earth to the tillers of our toil and, as seed time
and harvest yield returns, so shall our pros
perity be
A WORD OF CAUTION
Let us review, briefly, the attitude and rela-.
tion of *5ne of our banking Institutions to
ithe conditions and incidents "*«™ d B J°JJ£ d
the methods pursued by them In the "- 1 J?!??"
tion of their business. I refer especially to
Ihe vtclous policy of paying high rates for de
¦posUf particularly savings and time deposits.
The incidents of 1803 and the next few subse-
Ju'nt rearY left their indelible tmsre*. upon
the mlnd« of most of our older bankers, but
th^re are not wanting signs that these lessons
have b£n forgotten. If there Is any class
of men more than others who should ne\er
take epeculatlve risks it Is those who are
handling the earnings and savings of others.,
and the seeking of deooslts at high rates ot
interest, which can only be earned by specula
tive investments, is a menace to sound banK
lng Havings depositors for safety of princi
pal* rather than alluring Interest rates, which
are nccepsarily coupled with greater hazards,
should . carefully shun such institutions, of
which there are. however, happily, but few.
Our banks, lndissolubly linked with the com
mercial interests of our country, have been as
a whole eminently conservative, and the pres
ent confidence In their stability and sound
ness attests the ability and fidelity with which
you, their representatives, have discharged
your great responsibilities.
HAVE WE OVERTAXED OUR WEALTH?
. The vast increase In our national wealth Is
unmistakably attested by the enormous In
crease In bank deposits. In the aggregate value
of our marketable securities, of manufactured
products and our industrial plants. That we
have successfully 6tood the liquidation through
which we have passed U another unmistakable
evidence of our wealth, but, after all, have we
not been attemptlnc to develop our resources,
even in a ligltlmale way, more rapidly .than
our capital would conservatively permit of?
Our steady increase of population, heajthy as
It Is. is almost inflnitesslmal compared with
the field before us In undeveloped resources of
our country. The population which our coun
try could successfully maintain is so far.be
yond tile ken of human knowledge that It re
mains- lor Keneratlon yet unborn to solve the
cjuestlon. .If this be eo has not our develop
ment outstripped our wealth, and. If so, what
is the remedy? Certainly not by 6eeklng to
push the development on borrowed capital or
inflated credit,' but" by contenting ourselves
with cutting our garment according to our
cloth, building steadily, only as our resource*
enable us, paying as we go, owning what we
buy. ¦:-.:...•..
CURRENCY.
The changes have been rung on it and
rightly. I fear you would be reluctant to ad
mit you know more about it than your Bible,
but I suspect you think you do all the tamp.
and if there Is anything about which a banker
thinks he knows more and probably knows less
it is the currency. The conditions existing in
this 'country differentiate the currency problem
for us from that of any other country that has
ever bad a paper currency, and every man's
views are more or less theory when he has had
no opportunity of demonstrating them practi
cally. What part has the currency problem
played in tbe stirring commercial events to
which I have alluded? The vast majority or
us feel assured we have had so far all the
currency we have needed and that an increase
of It Just at this time would lend a further
undesirable stimulus ¦ to speculation. The
enormous production of gold in the last
few years (about which we are to
have some very Interesting ficures from
one of ¦ our distinguished guests) - has
been either lost sleht of. or. If studied,
will 'furnish food for thought. The advantages
claimed for the bank circulation of other
countries over our bond secured notes have
much merit from a scientific standpoint and
would have more- -from a practical standpoint
if the clement of risk could be eliminated
which has brought disaster in some Instances —
notably In that of the Australian banks some
years ago. The practical question is, could it
be satisfactorily grafted on to our banking
eyEtem. and. If .so. how? The Idea of a "cen
tral bank" or a "branch banking system" la
repugnant to our conception of free govern
ment and institutions, and. unless I mistake
the temper of our . peoDle, . will never be ac
cepted. Neither will any form of currency be
accepted which does not carry with it the
same confidence of security which ! our bank
notes now enjoy.
The discussion of the matter from an aca
demic standpoint can be prolonged indefinitely
but what th* practical banker wants is details
which will carry conviction to bis mind as to
how such a currency can be so guarded as
tp fulfill the. conditions outlined. What we
need is a currency to be used, not for the
purroso of creating new liabilities but to en
able us to move our crops without distress and
to liquidate comfortably liabilities already cre
ated. W* shall, probably, arrive at nome so
lution of this question, first. In the shape of a
-limited circulation, so highly taxed as to'per
mit -only of Its temporary use, from time to
time, and be governed further by the results
cf this experiment. I should use here the
popular term of "emergency circulation." but
for a recent protest from a friend in discuss
ing this BUbect. which suggests the paraphrase
United States than at any previous period in
our history. Taking the country altogether,
there la no scarcity of money. Including United
States and national bank notes, to meet any
legitimate demands of business. Compared
with September 1 a year ago the national
banking circulation has Increased (52,827,551.
The general stock of money * In the United
States September 1, 1903, was as follows:
$l,2tS7,~33,tU9 gold coin, including bullion In
Treasury; $5o5,£53,494 standard silver dollars;
$101,867,228 subsidiary rtlver; $17,970,000
Treasury notes of 1S90; $34^681.016 United
States notes; $418,587,975 national bank notes.
Total, $2,708,693,662.
At the same date there was In circulation
$«2O^75.159 gold coin; $394,135,919 gold eer
tlficates; $72,959,612 standard silver dollars;
$155,923,384 sliver certificates; $92,870,952 sub
sidiary silver: $17,850,254 Treasury notes of
1S9O; $335,377,568 United States notes: $399.
3*4,930 national bank notes. . Total. $3.2S8,
902,178, making a circulation per capita of
$29 60, compared with $28 65 September 1,
19C2.
In the opinion of your committee the most
serious need is the reform of the Eubtreasury
system In such wise that the money with
drawn from the banks for custom duties, as
well as internal revenues, shall be deposited
in the banks and thus be made available for
use In the community from which It has been
withdrawn. "Such a reform could be Inaugu
rated by giving to ttie Secretary of the Treas
ury discretionary authority to permit deposits
to the extent of 50 per cent of the capital and
surplus of national banks of customs receipts,
as well as Internal revenue receipts guaran
teed by securities acceptable to the Secretary
of the Treasury. Such an arrangement would
render impossible the embarrassments which
have frequently occurred . as .the result of
Treasury accumulations.
Regarding the question of circulation, the
first and most Important requirement Is the
Immediate repeal Of the present^ limitations
of $3,000,000 per month upon the .withdrawal
of circulation, so that the expansion and con
traction will . be automatic and . governed by
the surrounding, situations. Under the present
restrictions many banks are unwilling to Issue
currency for temporary and legitimate needs,
which they would Issue If .they felt certain
that their currency could be J retired when no
longer needed.
Emergency circulation could, within careful
limitations, be safely permitted upon the act
ual deposit with the Treasury Department of
securities acceptable to the Secretary of the
Treasury. And upon such deposits circulation
could be Issued promptly to meet actual emer
gencies, which would not be possible If time
were taken for the examination of sreneral as
sets by the Secretary of the Treasury and
Comptroller of the Currency. A tax of 6 per
cent per annum should be Imposed upon such
emergency circulation to insure and hasten its
return to the issuing bank: this tax to be set
sside as a safety fund to secure the United
States Treasury for the redemption of notes so
issued. This emergency circulation should be
issued without. any distinguishing mark from
other national bank circulation except to sub
stitute the words "secured by bonds approved
by the Secretary of the Treasury." Instead of
the words. "Bonds of the United States." for.
being amply secured, there should be no dis
crimination against it beyond the 6 per cent
tax.
To further liberalize the circulation, your
committee recommends that the United States
tax on circulation should be uniform on the
issue of currency based on all classes of United
States Government bonds.
In the Judgment of your committee these
modifications of law can be authorized with
out damage or discredit to the national bank
circulation, but your committee cannot recom
mend arty step that will tend toward a return
to the miscellaneous circulation which pre
vailed in the country before the war. or any
step which, will disregard the history of finance
among th* commercial nations of the world,
nor can'lt recommend that any note should.be
Issued without the certainty of Its redemption
in standard coin of the United States.
The above report Is signed by
CHARLES S. FAIRCHILD.
H. C. FAHNESTOCK.
MYRON T. HERRICK.
HOMER S. KING,
j; J. MITCHELL.
In tb» foregoing report I am impelled to
dissent from the recommendat^m for the repeat
of the Jaw restricting the redemption of . na
tional Dank circulation to $3,00O.0CO a month,
for the reason chiefly that it seems to me to
be Inconsistent ' to* in the same report recom
mend a- method for an increased circulation
and to insert a provision urging a means by
which the circulation may be at any time di
minished.
With the exception of this dissent the fore
going report has- my hearty concurrence.
QEO. Q. WHITXET.
Frank "W- Tracy, chairman of the
committee on uniform laws, submitted its
report. During the year two States had
adopted the negotiable | instrument law,
which is : now 1$ force in twenty-three of
the States— Florida, ; New York, Massa
chusetts, Colorado," Maryland, Virginia,
North Carolina, Wisconsin, Tennessee,
Oregon, Connecticut; "Washington, Utah.
Rhode Island,. North Dakota, Iowa, New
Jersey, ' Ohio, .Pennsylvania, Montana,
Idaho; also in Arizona and" the District
of Columbia.- The committee recommend
ed that earnest efforts be made to have
the law passed next winter by Louisiana,
Maryland, Mississippi and Vermont.
The report of the committee on Bureau
of Education was presented by the chair
man, Robert J. Lowry,. the paper dealing 1
¦with the requirement of a uniform system
6f educating bank employes.
The report of the committee on fidelity
insurance, presented by the chairman,
John L.. Hamilton, led to considerable dis
cussion on the part of many of the dele
gates. . The gist of the report dealt with
the necessity of the banks of the associa
tion bonding their . employes in place of
accepting . bonds from fidelity .and guar
antee companies. The report of the com
mittee suggested an amendment to the
constitution of the association by which
the banks could accomplish this end, but
the executive council had reported against
its adoption. I • -
The ' members of the association that
favored the adoption of the resolution to
enable the banks to do their own bonding
were opposed by delegates who repre
sented fidelity and securlty.companies, the
latter seeing that the adoption of the
resolution meant a loss of business to
their corporations.
that "a roee by some other name would -smell
sweeter," he says: • •,
"Wliy will people continue to* reieVVto this
needed adjunct to- our currency by a title
(emergency) that would preclude- any sound
banker from using it, when he. would thereby
confess that he had reached . a point where
air was .not sufficient for his lungs, and he
was Tising oxygen, equivalent to the doctor's
saying he was on his last legs and that there
was only one hope of saving him, and that
was extreme .measures. We don't want an
extreme unction currency." L •¦•'•!
'At your last convention, resolutions were
adopted -authorizing the appointment by your
president of a committee of seven citizens of
the. -United States to consider and to
your "next convention on the "Currency; Ques
tion," end. in pursuance of these resolutions,*
the following' genfltruen' were appointed on the
committee provided for: • •. ; . ¦ . u ¦¦¦'•¦-.
C. S. Falrchlld. New York Security and Trust
Company New York; H, C. Fahnestock. First
National 'Bank. New York; Myron T. Herrick.
Society for Savings Cleveland; J. J. Mitchell,
Illinois Trust and Savings Bank.- Chicago; J.
C. Van Blarcom, National Bank of Commerce.
St.' Louis; Homer S. King, Wells, Fargo & Co.
Bank, San Francisco; George Q. Whitney,
Whitney National Bank. New Orleans.. ;
They have given the matter seriQUs and
earnest consideration and their report, which
will be presented to you to-day, reflects the
care and conservatism with which they have
discharged the duty Imposed upon them.
SUB-TREASURY SYSTEM,
The natural function of a bank Is to gather
the money of the community that it serves
and distribute it in loans on good security
among those who need It. and the bank that
performs this • function with the greatest care
and success best eerves the Interest of its
people. The money of the country should
stay in the channels of trade, and • th*. miser
who gathers Ms gold and hoards It is a .para
site on the body politic, but when the Govern
lijenf by taxation gathers money In advance
and in excess of Its needa. and .withdraws the
came from the channels of --trade, it 1st doing
exactly what the miser does. No other intelli
gent people would have eo long rested pas
sively under such a syBtenr, and we should
voice - our demands for a reformation of this
pernicious practice In no uncertain tones.-
. Tbe disposition of a secretary to minimize
this difficulty should not depend upon an In
dividual construction of the law. but tha
statutes on the subject should be made so
plain as to make the duties of the Secretary
ministerial only, and so regulate the operations
of the Government as to meet Us requirements
without friction with the general finances of
W A m d7£ussion of the currency brings us
Irresistibly to the consideration of this anti
quated method of handling Government funds.
and the report of our currency committee,
heretofore referred to. accentuates the neces
sity for dealing with this subject as a question
to be first disposed of. precedent to the under
taking of any currency reform. The demoraliz
ing effect of the annual talk regarding the
locking up of money In the treasury s almost
worse than the actual withdrawal of the funds.
Remove the cause of the discussion and ths
ending of It will be quite as .beneficial the
actual freeing of the money. I hope it maj
b« your pleasure to push vigorously the reform
recommended by the committee in this respect.
INDUSTRIALS
A consideration of "our present development
and conditions would not be complete without
reference to our corporations of the present
day standing as they necessarily do In -such
Intimate relatlon*hlp to banking
In the formation of our great industrial cor
porations we have been confronted with new
and strange conditions, so experimental in
character that we can. a» yet, reach no con
clusion as to what will be their destiny.
Eliminating those of a fraudulent or fictitious
character . nearly all of them have been sub
ject to criticism in the matter of capitaliza
tion, and the weak point, I might say, with all
of them has been the failure to provide a
reasonable working capital. A considerable
number of minor corporations with local credit
were able to secure on a legitimate basis an
aggregate of bank accommodation largely, .in
excess of that which could bo secured by many
of the .consolidated corporations -into which
the«e minor concerns have been merged. The
necessities for enlargements and Improvements
have not been adequately provided tor and the
working canttal has often -been further, im
paired by the illegitimate declaration of divi
dends. That the follU-a and peccadillqfl of
these enterprises have not brought nnre serious
consequences to the whole body, politic . is , a
cause of congratulation, but it la a subject
for regret that there have . been so . many. In
nocent sufferers from their operations.
RAILROADS.
There has been a greater creation of securities
In the consolidation of many of our railroads
than aetual values apparently Justify, and
where this has been the case we naturally
cannot lend our approval, but the concentra
tion of management' and' control ha* brought
about a stability of rates which has created
an established value for their legitimate ee
curlties without hardship to the patrons of
the roads. It Is a serious question . whether
the aggregate market value of all of our rail-,
road securities equals tbe amounts originally
expended in ' the construction of them with
even a moderate return upon the Investments.
The reduction in the cost of transportation
by reason of the great improvement Jn- the
physical conditions of the roads . has made it
possible to move freight profitably at rates
which would have formerly been ' considered
impossible I do not mean ' to suseest that
the roads should be left entirely free- in . the
matter of fixing rates, but the reasonable con
centration of their management should rather
facilitate their control In this respect by con
servative legislative enactment., The enor
mous increase of business developed by our
prosperous condition has so^. overtaxed exist
ing facilities as to necessitate extensive • lm r
provements, which have brought tha Toads into
the market with borrowings which -have,seri
ously taxed our resources; but where these
improvements have been undertaken on a legit
imate basis there is apparently little reason to
apprehend any difficulty in carrying them to
a successful completion and utilization.
PUBLICITY.
A word on this subject, -as If relates to all
public corporations.. Some criticism has recent
ly been made. of the publication of the weekly
New York bank statement. I use , the incident
merely to^point a moral. . The form and meth
od of making this statement has • been, more
or less, a subject of discussion for come time
past. If the form . and method - of publication
Is not as - accurate as it should be, make it
what It should be.. but do not suppress It. The
publication, occasionally, of an individual bank
statement. . which it subsequently develops is
not legitimate, would be a poor excuse for the
suppression of bank statements In general,, and
I thick a suggestion . that we do away with
bank statements would be unanimously vetoed.
Bank statements. In general,, convey, fair and
intelligent information as to the status of the
banks and, if ' the. same publicity, from -.other
public corporations could be required, . a most
important service * would ; be rendered - to . the
public. The great Insurance companies, which
look to' the public for support,' recognize the
wisdom of publicity by publishing full detailed
reports.' And where this principle Is not volun
tarily recognized the States by wise legislation
have protected the public by the establishment
of departments for the supervision of the,com
panies. = " The ¦¦ Government • has • now* taken ". up
the work : along more general : lines through its
new Department of Commerce, and 1 can but
WITH a ¦ promptness Eavoring of
strict business • methods, the
twenty-ninth annual conven
>tlon of the American Bankers'
Association convened yester
day morning at 10 o'clock at the Cali
fornia, Theater.
San Francisco has had many gather
ings In its midst of representative men.
but. It .Is no exaggeration to say that
rever In the history of this city has bo
many men of financial standing* In the
country been Been here.
It Is not easy to conceive the magnitude
of the wealth represented by the men
that act as custodians of the finances of
the American people. That the bankers
fcave been ¦well trained to the idea that
"time Is money" was Ehown In yester
day's proceedings, for not a minute was
wasted.
The convention reflected the methods of
bankers. Everything moved with precis
ion and compactness and a vass amount
of work was accomplished at the first
fession.
There xras no elaborate decoration of
the theater. A few American flaes were
draped around the boxes and the tables
on the stage. Bunches of flowers were
numerous. j ls*>i
When President Caldwell Hardy, called
the meeting to order, the theater was
filled en the lower floor and many vis
itors were seated in the balcony. On the
ttage were the officers of the , association
find ex-officials, Governor Pardee, Mayor
Schmltz. Bishop Nichols of the Episco
pal Diocese of California, James D.
Fhelan and members of the local recep
tion committee.
Prayer was offered by Bishop Nichols,
who asked the guidance of Providence
on the deliberation of th© bankers, and
for their future work, and the assembled
delegates joined In the recital of the
Lord's Praver.
made- by tha executive council at the- Denver
meeting in August. 1S9S. and adopted by the
association. "That a commute* of this asso
ciation be appointed to inquire Into tn* rates
of surety bonds and to recommend a standard
form of policy, and to consider any plan or
plans that may be submitted." wo hav« en
deavored to carry out tbe wishes of the coun
cil and the association to tbe best of our
ability.
The commute* in this work has endeavored
to be absolutely fair with all parties Inter
ested, and has endeavored to consider without
partiality the equitable rights of the employes,
the employers and. the fidelity companies. -. and
in Its reports has endeavored to point, out the
true conditions as they have been found to ex
ist from the carefully gathered statistics re
ported to us confidentially by, the banks of th*
country. "We are satisfied the Information we
have is the moat reliable of any to be had in
the United States.
The committee wishes to emphasise the fact
that since Its appointment in 1808. and the
careful study of Its reports by many of the
members th* rates for writing bonds have
become -more uniform and have been reduced
fully 25 per cent, resulting in the annual sav
ing to the members of the association alone of
$132X68 50, a sura of money almost doub*a
the annual dues of this association, to say
nothing of the benefits the efforts of this com
mittee have been to non-members, which would
easily equal that of the saving in premium to
the members. * ... ' ¦ -'.- ¦''-,
We have had prepared by the best legal
talent the American Bankers' Association
copyrighted form of bond. This bond. w» be
lieve Is the best form of bond written to-day.
It Is' equitable to the Insurer and the Insured,
and gives protection to tha bank. • We ar*
convinced of its merits, as there has never
been to the knowledge of this committee, a
contested loss on this form of bond, and there
have been cases where, on the same risk, other
forms have been contested and the associa
tion form paid. „..'.,
Another proof that our form of bond is su
perior Is th* fact that all fidelity companies.
with three exceptions, exact a higher rate
than on their own form for obvious reasons.
We need to advance no stronger argument why
our members should use the association's
Another proof of Its merits is that 40 per
cent of th* members of tbe, association hava
adopted It after a careful examination of Its
provisions by their attorneys. This Is the
only bond written that has to stand upon It*
own merits as fidelity companies never *n>r
to write It unless the banks Insist upon hav-
An advantage to members who us* th* as
sociation form of bond is that it Is being uni
versally adopted and thereby secures uniform
ity to banks In case of litigation.
The Comptroller of Currency and the Danlc
ing departments of many of the States, insist,
and the laws of some of the States require,
that banks bond their- employes, not only -for
the protection of their stockholders, but for
the protection of their Customers as well.
The apparent desire of corporate fidelity in
surance or bonding companies to discriminate
against the American Bankers' Association
copyrighted form of bond has led
this committee to recommend that
the American Bankers' Association es
tablish what may be known as the Ameri
can Bankers' Guarantee Fund, under the man
agement of a board of trustees to be appointed
by the executive council to guarantee the fidel
ity of the employes of those banks only
that are members of the association.
From our reports we have learned that our
members ar* carrying J133.706.570 In bonds.
and are paying annual premiums of »3SS.
773 33 against a. loes averaging for toe past
ten years not to exceed J15.000 per annum.
We " are convinced- that the bankers of this
country ar* paytag an excessive rate for this
Insurance and our convictions are supported
by statistics of English companies covering
periods of thirty-seven and thirty-eight years
respectively. W* are convinced that tt Is not
good policy for the American Bankers' Asso
ciation to single out and authorize the sec
retary, or any on* the association might see
fit to appoint, to solicit business for some par
ticular bonding company, as is now being
done by many State associations, for a com
mission which Is paid into the treasury of
the organization. This method carries a moral
guarantee at best, of any company that may
be selected and places the association in a
position which in time might bring serious
'"your committee, having carefully studied
conditions here and abroad, and having gath
ered statistics as complete as possible, reported
to the executive council and the New Orleans
convention that unless it was the purpose o'
the" association to put the Information to some
practical use, the committee be discharged. It
was decided by the executive council that this
committee continue Us labors for another year,
and that its report be published In pamphlet
form and sent to the members of the associa
tion calling the attention of the members
especially to this report and asking for their
approval or disapproval. Not having a com
plete list of our members, we sent our report
to all backers of the United States, and in an
swer to our inquiries received replies from
forty-two hundred and fourteen (4214) mem
bers or about two-thirds of this association,
reporting favorably to the association taking
up the work: three hundred and ninety-three
(333) reporting unfavorably, while two thou
sand and ninety-six <2€0fi) of the members, or
less than one-third— mostly private bankers and
bond brokers — were Indifferent and did not an
swer our inquiries. From non-members of th»
association we received twenty-seven hundred
and sixty-nine (27G9) replies, and of this num
ber twenty-seven hundred and- fifteen (27}3)
favored the scheme, while fifty-four 154) op
posed It. A majority of those banks not mem
bers favoring the proposition wrote that if suit
able clans were adopted by the association
i they would become members thereof. N'lnety
one and one-half (91H> P*r cent of those an
swering favored the proposition and. nloety
etght and one-tenth (08.1) per cent of the non
members answering favored the proposition.
Sixty-nine hundred and twenty-nip* (fit)' •
members and non-members are favorable to tha
proposition, while four hundred and forty
seven (417) have expressed themselves as un
favorable. Ninety-three and nine-tenths <!W.m
per cent of the answers received are favorably
to the association taking up this- line of- worit.
Th* executive council at New Orleans de
cided thatf if a majority of th* banks, members
of the association, were favorable to this prop
osition th* committee should consider and rec
ommend the best plan for the^assoclatlon • to
adopt In the bonding of its employes and-pre
pare rules and regulations governing the same.
In compliance with said directions we hsve
prepared and filed with the secretary of this
association an amendment to article thre* <3)
of the constitution by the addition of section
eleven (11). creating the "American Bankers'
Guaranty Fund." controlled by a board of five
trustees to be appointed by the executive coun
cil. Having considered the different forms or
corporations, and owing to the conflictin* laws
of the different States, under aavlce.of the best
legal talent, we hava decided that there Is only
one safe and practical way to bond employes
and that is by the creation of' a guaranty fund
in the hands of trustees. In this manaer mem
bers will be furnished indemnity, amply se
ared by VWt fund, giving better protection
than they now nave snd ultimately . we be
lieve, at a rate not to exceed one-third the
"*SF JSSStSTS'Siwtae* of th.-practi
cability of this plan. It U not an untried
exnerlment for it has been in pActlcal opera
tSf 1™ England for thirty-eight years under
tie Bankers' C^aranty and Trust Fun*, and
fnr thlrtv-seven years under the Colonial Trust
T^nd of employes bonded In the
Bankers' Guaranty and Trust Fund Is almost
SUJS with that of the membership of this
i-aSMS loT The averag* losses In thl* country
v-r^- only s«ven cents on the $1000 from that
in foreisT. countries, as shown by statistics
ratwed by this committee. %
i- .^Htion to these companies we hav* the
«!d f nceof the Union Bank of London, which
a fund In 1S9O; the London and City
VnSoMMi I which established a fund in 1889; the
£S? of Scotland's guaranty fund, established
iTiSK)- Glynn's guarantee fund, established
I 1SI5S and the Bank of England guarantee
£j| established in 1JU1. All theae rands
*!5i' and ar* being successfully managed and
ar^ hShly^eemmended by the leading banks
ofEnKland and In our own country we have
the Adams Express Company and the American
&!»£¦ Company, who bond ; their own «m-
Pl Y y our committee has prepared rules .and regu
lations for the government of such a fund,
similar to thos* that are successfully used
bv the English trustees, ehangtng them suffi
ciently to meet the conditions here. We rec
ommend for the protection of the stockholders
and customers of the banks, members of this
association, that they be adopted.
The members of your committee wish In this,
our last report, to thank th* officers and mem
bers for the many courtesies . shown us. jva
also wish to' thank the non-members who hav*
so promptly " and * cheerfully responded to our
inquiries. And we hope that thos* wb© nave
President Hardy
Delivers His
Report.
BondingEmployes
Is Discussed
at Length.
Governor of State
Is Cheered by
Bankers.
Delegates Favor
E2ank Money!
Orders.
MEN OF RENOWN IN THE WORLD OF FINANCE MEET IN CONVENTION
AND ADDRESSES OF BRILLIANCY ARE PRESENTED AT GATHERING
THE SAN IKANCISCO; CALL,-THTiBSDAy,; OCTOBER 22, 1903.
PBESIDENT HABDY'S ADDBESS.
Deals With Vital Questions of Fi
nance in Skillful Manner.
6-t The ; Lob . Angeles ¦ headquarters are at
the 'Occidental. The apartments are pro
fusely, decked wUh 'vines laden with rich,'
luscious fruit and a great display of mag-
The .following bankers _ represent the
committee. in" charge: 'Frank'Miller and
George "- W. Peltier of Sacramento, ' c. W.
Bush * of rWoodland, -W. D. " Rldeout of
Marysville and • B.< H. Burton ; of .Willows
.The reception committee that has charge
of r the display consists : of.' W.- A. :, Beard,
R. v I* . Brooke . and , Mrs/ Caroline Olney.'
It * extends ' to" each and every . visitor a
cordial welcome. :¦¦. • •"--.:
-.-? The rooms % of the Sacramento ¦ Valley
Development Association in the Occidental
¦Hotel"* have attracted a great deal of at
tention from the visiting bankers. They
are handsomely decorated with beautiful
flowers and a wonderfully lavish display
of ' the products of the . Sacramentp Val
¦layl In" the center of the_room is a table
laden with enormous bunches of great
luscious grapes of. every kind,: while the
slde^ tables tare filled with boxes of flgs,
crimson pomegranates, apples and various
other fine 'specimens of fall rrults. Wines
of ; many hues and ' shades ¦ al*o occupy
prominent places among ' this chclce dis
play. - ,- .
Sacramento \ and Los Angeles Show
Magnificent Products of State.
BERKELEY. Oct. 21.— Florence Glea
son and Walter James of Bakersfield un
earthed In the bed of the Calloway irri
gation canal the remains of an animal of
gigantic size, somewhat resembling a
horse, but quite ' different in many ways
from the modern equine* The specimens
of the find were sent to Dr. J. C. Mer
riam, palaeontologist , of the. State. Uni
versity. It . Is presumed to be a relic of
the tertiary age. Further epecimens of
the fossil are being unearthed ana sent
to the university.
In regard to the Bakersfleld fossil Dr.
Merriam said : to-night:
"1/ have not examined the remains yet
and so don't know what they, are of. The
bones are only partially unpacked.'. They
may be those of a common horse or some
prehistoric animal,^in- which "case I would
.not care to commit myself until I have
examined them. In any case they are not
particularly - valuable, except for their
completeness."
Remains Believed to Be Those of Fos
sil Horse Are Found Near
Bakersfield.
UNEAETH BONES OF GIANT
PREHISTORIC ATJTTVTAT.
GRAND FBTJTT DISPLAY.
Will Build Synagogue.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 2L-The Hebrew Ab-
Fociation and the Ladies' Hebrew En
deavor Society of Alameda held a joint
meeting last Sunday afternoon and or
ganized the first Hebrew parish In Ala
£*Jfi' ? *'" dedde<1 t0 hold another
meeting at an early date and'make plans
for the erection of a new synagogue. Of
ficers were elected and a board of trus
tees appointed to carry out the work.
Fireman Struck Jby Car.
«f% ;, C^ Vln> W ***** of an<J <»•
of the retired members of the local Fire
Department, was run down hy a Folsom
,111* °t T : ****•« Second and Third
greets late last night. He suffered a
fracture of the ckull and three of his
ribs /*ere broken. Little hope for hia re
covery Is held out at the Emergency Hos-
I have had a Ulk with Marshal Lar.e and
the principal of the Emeryvin* school with re
card to the conditions that exift in Emeryville,
and both of these gentlemen have cgrved to give
me all the assistance in their power. If the
r* forms that are necessary \ can be broug-ht
about through their aid. well and good, but
if necessary I fhall appeal tfi the courts and
try to secure guardianship papers for tho** chll.
dren who«e i%rent* nerlect them. In some
cases there are women saloon-keepers and they
allow their children to frequent the saloon por
tion of the dwelling. The«e are the wont
•ases and the one« to which w« eball give
closert attention.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 2L
The saloons that line Park avenue, the
approach to the racetrack at Emeryville,
are allowing too many children behind
the swinging doors and the California So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children has made a preliminary investi
gation into the matter.
The proprietors of most of these saloons
live behind or over their places of busi
ness, and it is a fact that they allow
their own children the freedom of the
drinking portion of the building, to which
the Bodcty takes exception. The society
thinks that the surroundings are not such
as to help the rearing of children in a
proper way and if the parents themselves
do not take enough interest In their off
spring to bring them up away from the
ealoon Influence the society deems ft
within Its province to make a decided
move In that direction Itself.
Miss Helen Swett, secretary of the Ala
rnesla County branch of this society, has
made an examination into the conditions
that exist and has consulted with Marshal
Lane of Emeryville and Principal Mal
lock of the Emeryville school. These two
have agreed to assist her in her efforts to
change this condition. If the evj^is not
remedied Miss Swett threatens to appeal
to the courts and through guardianship
proceedings secure control of the children
and keep them away from the saJooas
Miss Swett said:
Wright had previously suggested that
doctors ought really to teach their pa
tients more than uiey do, and that they
might look upon thir professions a little
mor© from an ethical standpoint, per
haps. But when he got to the • subject
of euthanasia he admitted frankly .that
it was simply a dream. As a dream,
however, he had no hesitancy in advocat
ing the doctrine. He said the city might
be divided into districts and every appli
cation should be considered most careful
ly, not merely by physicians, but by some
eminent clergymen selected for the pur
pose, and, of course, there should be the
consent of relatives and the consent— even
the request— of the patient himelf.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— "Where prolon
gation of life Is simply prolongation' of
hopeless agony, it seems to me that it
would be proper, that such a patient
should quietly, decently and modestly be
allowed to end his suffering. It seems to
me that such a course would be a step
forward in civilization and a step further
away from barbarism."
In these words Rev. Merle St. C. Wright
of the Lenox-avenue Unitarian Church
placed himself on record to-night as fa
voring "euthanasia," which, In . medical
parlance, is the putting of Incurables to
death. The suggestion was made before
the New York State Medical Association,
which held its annual' dinner in Hotel
Manhattan to-night, and, while it caused
much surprise because of its source, It
was received with none the less hearty
applause. - i "--,:¦¦-
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Emeryville Parents Ac
cused of Neglecting
Offspring.
Openly Advocates the
Putting to Death of
Incurables.
PASTOR SUPPORTS
EUTHANASIA IDEA
«'¦ "Besides - benefiting • the :: members : by this
enterprise we have enlightened, Our, association.
,The mon«y "order, idea 'is largely to be credited
f »r . the . Increase * of « membership j in ¦ the 'Texas
association - from i; 239 ; at 'its Introduction to
the--. present splendid 1 number:of , 47O.T and a the
system - Is .* a potent ¦ factor - in * retaining this
large membership. -To summarise • the <advant-
"Without going Into details, but just to show
the size' to which, the money .order business of
this country has grown, I will mention the
fact. that. the postofflce now. does a daily.busi
ness of more , than $1,200,000. averaging about
$7 . per , order. ¦ As ' to • the : express companies, .
reliable figures can be had from the brief Is
sued by the American Express Company In Its
suit with the Government on .the war revenue
tax ' seme ¦ years ago, and .from .which I quote
the following:: "In the Vear. ending. December
31, '1898, money, orders were sold ¦ by all ¦ ex
press ' companies .to the. number of 10,135.032.
aggregating a. total amount of S120.O40.2T7 65.
The .exoress money.. order • averages 111; 84 .- per
order and tbe 'average rate was' 10 cents per
order." It has'been estimated -that a clean
profit of $3,000,000 is annually, made by the
Government and the exbres* companies in the
selling - of • these . orders ; and. the business _.ls
steadily growing. 1 ;¦ • -_- ¦ i ¦ . - .- • -
In view of these if acts it is but, natural that
there -should have' been; a general ' agitation
among, the. banks .of : America to- recover; this
money ', order ' business. • - In " 189-1 the Texas
Bankers' '< Association adopted , what ; was called
the "reciprocal draft," for the purpose of com
peting ; with ¦ the ; poetofflce ; and express \com
paniee. i This was '. a special form furnished
to ' ¦ members ¦ by ; the ¦¦ association, : . ' limited : In
amount to v $200 . and cashed without. discount
by any' member. The association- expended
oonelderable money In ' supplying . the forms
and advertising matter. A "number of banks
expended* an f additional 1 amount' to advertise
it. Efforts to popularize , this instrument
proved futile. 1 the public seeming slow, to recog
nire a: "draft" as equal to. a "money order."
The Georgia ; Bankers' ' Assoclatldn In 1896,
two years, afterward, adopted- what was called
a - Vclrcular check," which." likewise,' ran its
course. ..It hag been thought by, the friends
of ¦ these enterprises that ' neither instrument
wag properly j named. . Both should . have . been
called "money, orders.'." .It : would have- taken
two decades to .have • taught the . masses what
was meant by the ¦ terms -."reciprocal: draft"
and -"circular check."." But s the bankers -of the
Lon e Star State.. with that same.. determination
and heroism f displayed •*> by ¦ ' their forefathers
when they gained their independence .under the
gallant ! Sara Houston, would not. give up the
tight. • With » renewed^, enthusiasm they -have
adopted'what is now called the '.'^ank. money
order," ' which- has • been ; in: -use- for • several
years. The Texas ; money : order- Is * drawn on
New ; York, c qhicago.' St. I»uls, Kanr as - City.
New Orleans I and other points and bears i the
insignia of the • association * in the - f orm , of > a
shield., tin an address made by,J. W. -Butler,
the secretary, of : the ¦ Texag • Bankers' -- Associa
tion, . h« said : - "The. system of , money > orders.
Issued under -the 'auspices of. the Texas. Bank
ers'/- Association; i has ? proven quite • a :¦ success.-
For : many < years ' the ' subject of . how, to , combat
the Inroads of the ; express companies 'and the
postofflce engaged our ..conventions. v , We.- found
the • key • to • the problem when: we ' decided by
resolution that, the members ; of our, tssoclatlon
would 1 make no charge • for ¦ cashing bank ex
chan*e>hen, $200 on under.; ..-•-:» . .
A more *, appropriate name could not have
been civen. those -small evidences of debt • is>
sued by the . postofnee and the . express com
panies tliaji -"money • orders." • They are Jubt
what . their name. Implies — orders for money.
They have been used ¦ by ¦ the • public * for many
years - &nd have always been honored - when
properly. presented for payment. Not only the
upper and middle classes of the "United -States
but tbe Ignorant negroes of the South, the
half educated foreign laborers of tha Northern
and Western States and the heathen" Chinee of
the Faclnc Slope have been taught -to- believe
in the solvency of, these orders.' They are per
factly. familiar with their form, shape and
color and they know that the Government. Of
these * United States ¦ guarantees the - payment
of one. while the great and powerful. express
companies guarantee the payment of the other.
They have the same faith in these order* : as
they have- in' th$ actual money, of the- Gov
ernment. * i v ¦ , ¦ -.
L. P. Hillyer, cashier of the American
National Bank of Macon, Ga., then read
an able composition on "Money Orders of
Bankers' Associatldn," and- he was heard
with marked attention. Mr. Hillyer is a
splendid orator, and his methods, of de
livery' were "rewarded by loud applause.':
The delegates enjoyed Mr. Htllyer's ad
dress, and it is likely that > his -sugges
tions for a uniform system of bank money
orders will be .'favorably, acted upon. The
address was as follows: 8 . _ '.
L. P. Hillyer Presents Beasons for
a Uniform System. . • v
'A division ; vote was "< then . taken on j the
adoption of, the' resolution." presented '-.by
the -. committee,- resulting in 133; ayes and
98 noes.' The resolution to amend the con
stitution ' to - allow- the : banks ;to ; do, their
own ; bonding . was declared ; lost," _' as * the
! We have given' this matter careful consid
eration for five years and we finally, came to
a. conclusion that we consider • the - only ¦ way,
to amend present troubles. „ The fidelity com
panies - charge a very high' rate for ' bonding
employes and It has only, been by their. own
competition that their rates have.- decreased. '
The losses of banks :are', contested by ', the
companies, and before this question of • banks
doing their own bonding - came up seventy per
cent of claims for losses were contested. When
the -Bankers' Association took the matter. up we
found ¦ that - the contested claims dropped to
forty -per cent. It is a difficult matter to col
lect on any bonds of fidelity companies, and
in the last . ten years while ,, the actual - losses
of banks have : amounted to ¦ $100,000 annually
the ! fidelity- cor«>anjes I have ) paid 'but : $45,000
each year for claims. 'I- think, that this ques
tion ' should be settled ' now. . . ; t
J.'.l«. Hamilton, -chairman -of, the com
mittee that presented - the report, {then
addressed the convention. He 'declared
that the time had arrived when, the banks
of should do their own ''bonding
of 'employes. He said : .
Bartlett insisted that the . resolution
recommended by the committee be voted
upon, but he was frowned down.
F. G. BIgelow, vice president of the
Bankers' Association and president of the
First National Bank of Milwaukee, Wis.,
declared that the association had no right
to enter the insurance field and" that the
matter ought to be further considered by
bankers all over the country. He' wanted
the report of the committee referred to
the Incoming executive. council.
C. Q. Chandler of Kansas City opposed
the motion to set the matter over for an
other year. He wanted the question set
tled at this convention and took a fling
at the surety companies by saying,' "We
want no motions railroaded through by
representatives of surety companies from
Baltimore." An attempt was made to
have the meeting adjourned, but it failed
of the requisite support. . A vote. was tak
en to refer the resolution to the executive
council and then a division was called
for, resulting" In 120 ayes and 138 noes. The
motion to refer was lost.
Then the original motion waa put that
the constitution be amended to allow/ the
banks of the association to do their own
bonding. : .••>-->£';'
J. B. Flnley, president of the First Na
tional Bank of ' Plttsburg, opposed . Its
adoption and said that if- the banks went
Into the bonding of ¦ bank •'. clerks "they
might, as well do a general fire, life and
marine Insurance business.
H. R. Lyon, president of the First Na
tional Bank ' of Mandan, N. D., wanted
more time to consider the whole question,
while J. G. Fletcher of Little Rock, Ark.,
was of the opinion that the fidelity com
panies should be given- the business of
bonding employes. :'
G. L. Ramsay, vice president of the Union
Bank and Trust Company of Helena,
Mont., vigorously opposed the proposition
for the Bankers' Association to enter into
the insurance field and said . that . the
banks could continue to carry fidelity
bonds as at present.
A. Bartlett of Baltimore also opposed
tbe resolution and when he was asked by
a delegate what bank he represented, he
replied, "I have a message from a fidel
ity company." This caused a hearty
laugh all over the building.
criticized us may eventually be convinced that
we have endeavored to do what we considered
for the best Interests of the American Bank
ers' Association. Respectfully submitted,
JOHN L. HAMILTON,
CALDWELL HARDY,
F. H. FRIES.
"W. P. MANLET,
, A. C. ANDKRSON,
Committee on Fidelity Insurance,
THE NEED OF MONEY OBDERS.
constitution of the association can only
be amended by "a two-third vote. ¦
ages of the system: First, your exchange
bears the statement. - .'bank money order..
This enables you to advertise your, exchange
as "money order,: which term is ' well under
stood by the public. Second, you offer an order
that will be cashed without discount almost
anywhere in this country. We have not had
reported a ' single Instance where ¦ a bank
charged for. cashing one of such orders."
The Missouri Hankers' Association, which
boasts of the -largest membership In proportion
to' the number" of banks, hus recently adopted
a money. order system. So has that active and
wide-awake Minnesota Association, and I am
Informed . that Kansas and California hav« a
bank money order system of some kind. Wash
ington, Nebraska, New York. Michigan, Lovis
iana, Tennessee and .Virginia have, already
adopted, • or contemplate adopting.' a money or
der system In the. near future. Thus it will be
seen that the Idea is a popular one, and !t will
not be long before many other Stales will ; be
giving: these money orders a trial. I believe
that .to a large extent • the State associations
will succeed with these orders, bat it is my
fixed opinion that until a money-order sysurni
can be devised' whereby. Its orders wiU be asked
not -almost everywhere^— but everywhere as
readily as are the orders issued by the post
office and the express companies, the postofnee
and express companies will not be very, much
annoyed by our- competition. The business ob
tained, by these , very wide-awake- and enter
prising State associations will not grow to any
great and ! munificent -extent' until: they adopt
some plan wnioh will make the money orders
Issued by the little batiks . of Ty Ty, Ga., and
Lickskillet. Tex.. Just as good as the, orders, Is-,
sued by tho^e luas-todon banks In the great re
serve cities. Not only. must they do this, .lut
they must establish "the' fact in'every State ot
the Union that an order Issued by one bank is
as 'good' as an order issued- by any -other bank.
The wise .and \ progressive leaders , of . these
State bankers' associations are 'endeavoring to
have their :money order systems adopted by all
the other States.' When they. succeed in this,
a long step forward will nave been made, 'but
the i>yEtem will still be incomplete. It is ab
solutely necessary for every- mom y order Issued
to.be as .good as gold, and. the question has
been'&sked,' "How can-it be ,made-so7"' It-ls -
Infinitely.' ensier for the public to become post
ed as to "the reliability ot the postofnee and
express • companies thail - it '¦ Is to learn about
the. stan'ltnff'of thousands of . dl>Tereiu: banks
from 'Maine, to 'California. In answer to this
it, is argued that no one ever- saw a financial
statement: of : the express company, and yet
the public buys its orders by the thousands.
This '. is * not - a good' argument. It Is an easy
matter to ealn the confidence of the public,
and so Ions as honest methods prevail thli
confidence can be retained, but let one act of
dishonesty or. insolvency -be > committed .-' and
that 'confidence 'is- lost forever.. It sometimes
happens that the ' payment ' of an 'express order
Is- delayed for a • time ! because some offl«r*i»
short of; ready cash, but we have yet to learn
of the absolute repudiation .of .an .exprass order .
because ¦ of . the company's . insolvency. " Until
we learn of this the confidence In express mon
ey orders will continue to. increase, ..but 'I .an
express company: should 'ever fail,- and its or
ders be 'flung, upon, the buyers as worthless r<a
ptr,' it will take- fifty •¦ yea is to outlive- the
prejudice'. that will be formed against them. '
y": The most successful bank , money order sys
tem ever' devised.- or -that can ever.be devised,:
will ultimately fall if an. occasional order is al
lowed to go to protest.'.: It Is not enough to win
success — we must deserve it. It Is not enough'
to secure the confidence of the people who buy
our orders, but we. must also secure 'the con
fidence of the banks !n- every: State -and .Terri
tory .which; may .be called' upon to cash. them.'
We must make our ' orders | safe. 5 These . money
orders ¦* must have something „ behind ,them« be
sides the .bank which Issues them. May the
day never come 'when the orders Issued by any :
of om\ members .'can be Justly styled '.'Wildcat
Orders."' 'There must.be some solvent guaran
tee. that no matter • if the bank of . Issue Jails
Irretrievably. i Its orders: will be promptly paid."
An absolutely successful bank money order, will
never ¦ be attained, until this -Is done. These
State associations .will some day find. this guar
antee and all will be well, but that day will be
greatly hastened If our American Bankers' : As
sociation,-, with! its power and influence, would
lend 5 the State associations > Its : mighty aid!
Now is the appointed time for, us to act. .-We.
who T > hare -"bandeil ourselves '. together r for »the
purpose, of promoting the Interests of the bank-
Ing fraternity, should help them in this titanic
struggle.-:." 1 - ¦: ' ' • ¦\\--~'~/'. ¦ . :
'.'It is more worthy to leap in ourselves '
- -Than tarryltlll they push us." <•-.,•• V
: I 'will not 'weary you with : the details of the
various '; ways % in -'which :>thla r help might- be
given,; but. I am sure . that - success 'awaits our
efforts."" We" have*but-.to. start ; the • machinery'
In ; motion s with • the .right men f in control '¦ and
we. will have- a- money -order, .that will: stand,
the test,' not forlan; age, but; for. all tlme.it It;
will • become s,o strong; ¦ in ' the minds of j the' peo
.ple .that 1 they , will .hoard •, these orders In times
of 'panic along -with the cash > they > draw from
the -very banks .'which issue, them. -Let .us help
them,* -not-; carelessly,? buf cautiously and" ad
visedly.'- The* wisest : financiers of this world
are American bankers,' and the wisest of .Ameri
can 3 bankers • are > members • of -this association.
It* is r an f idle tongue : that ¦¦ will . declare : these
bankers } unequal ; to • the ; task • proposed.* • Before
we ' turn .our.' faces , to > the '¦ East,-> let. us Instruct
our' executive ' council -to assist the - State ' asso- ¦
¦¦'•:.¦¦•- -'¦'.-¦ .-:•>— "r."^- - 'i ¦-.."- ¦ .-. .[¦¦¦'. \.,.r-^ _\-
.The 'session then adjourned until this
morning.- After the adjournment. the dele
gates met by. States in order to elect rep
resentatives to serve on the committee
on nominations. ¦ ' . •
; Frank- W. /Tracy, chairman of the com
mittee on uniform laws, submitted Its re
port. :During the year ! two States had
adopted , the .negotiable instrument law.
which- la now in force In twenty-three of
the States— Florida, New . York, Massa
chusetts,. .Colorado. Maryland, -\ Virginia,
North ' Carolina, ' Wisconsin, .Tennessee,
Oregon,^ Connecticut, Washington, Utah,
Rhode Island,- North Dakota, Iowa, New
Jersey, Ohio," Pennsylvania Montana, Ida
ho: also in Arizona and the "-District of
Columbia. • . The; committee recommended
that, earnest efforts be made to have the
law passed next winter by " • Louisiana,
Maryland,' Mississippi ' and Vermont.
Lewis * E. Pierson, vice president of the
New York National Exchange Bank, then
presented a resolution .providing -for the
adoption by the association of a uniform
bank money order system, the resolution
having, been. Indorsed by the executive
council in its report - The resolution pro
vides for the appointment - of a special
committee, to devise a plan and to report
to the. executive council. The ' resolution
was unanimously adopted* by the conven
tion. -:¦¦•-. : '
And break their own necks down!"
They will not venture on this financial sea in a
weak and saucy little boat whose untlmbered
sides will spring a thousand leaks should /
"The ruffian Boreas once enrage the gentle
Thetis,"
but they will make their way In a strong ribbed
bark that. will ride safely and majestically on
every wave and hurl defiance at every storm.
ciatlons in their heroic light. ! Let the council
choose. The wisest. ¦ brightest and most active
to perform this ¦work, and you may I be sore
that the money order system they approve will
close for ever the ranting mouths of mossback"
critics!" They will give us a money order that
cannot be altered or raised— --an order that will
be uniform 'in shape, size and color, so that It
will be easily recognized wherever seen — an or
der, which In five years, with the tremendous
advertising and backing which this association
alone can give, will be as familiar to the
Filipino as his Spanish coin — an order which
will rival in stability the notes Issued by that
Gibraltar of. banks, ."The Mother of Thread
needte Street"— an order that will be as readily
cashed In St. Petersburg as Chicago, In Paris
as Xew York, In Vienna as San Francisco— an
order- that will bring back to the banks of this
country millions of profit which. In their blind
Indifference, they have been giving away. Let
us trust this work to the. clever men whom the
executive council will appoint. These men will
think twice before, they act. They 'will make
no unwise move. _ • ' „'•¦>•. - A ...
"And. like. the famous ape.
To try conclusions, in the basket creep
MEN OF RENOWN IN WORLD OF! FINANCE MEET IN CONVENTION
AND ADDRESSES OF BRJLLIANeY PRESENTED, AT GATHERING
SCENE IN THE MAIN HALL OF THE MARK HOPKINS ART INSTITUTE AT THE GRAND RECEPTION GIVEN . LAST ; EVENING TO . THE DELE
GATES ATTENDING THE BANKERS' ASSOCIATION CONVENTION AND TO THE LADIES ACCOMPANYING THE VISITORS FROM ALL POINTS
IN THE UNITED STATES. .: • /' I ri': : '- '
Tj3*E delegates to the
American Bankers' Asso
rt iati on Convention
achieved a vast amount of work
yesterday and their programme
for to-day is of great im
portance.
The feature of to-day's ses
sion of the convention will be
an elaborate address by Hon.
William B. Ridgely, Comptrol
ler of the Currency of the
United States, his topic being
''The Business Situation and
the Currency."
J. E. Me Ash am, cashier of
the South Texas 'National Bank
of Houston, Texas, will deliver
an address on "The Money Sup
ply of the United States." As
the meetings of the bankers are
open to the public, a large at
tendance of visitors is expect
ed to-day.
This afternoon the city's
visitors will be given a ferry
boat ride around the bay and
all the points of interest will bs
visited. In the evening the
delegates and their ladles will
be the guests of the reception
committee at the performance
of '"The Christian" at "the
Grand Opera-house.
REAR CHILDREN
IN THE SALOONS
On the lower floor a delightful supper
was served, where the nicest kind of
thing* were said by the visitors about
California hospitality and good fellow
ship and prodigality of entertainment.
The hour of the vocal concert was one
of rarest pleasure, as the guests could
stroll at will in the drawins-room and
¦tfll hear the sweet melodies floating from
above. The instrumental programme,
while hugely enjoyed, was not distinctly
heard save by those near the Searles gal
lery. This was distinctly a loss to the
*rucsts who lingered In the main hallway,
as the music was charmingly rendered,
notably the. horn solo (with a fiute obll
pato) by Ernest Schlott. His rendition of
Gounod's "Serenade" was indeed a reve
lation.
By 9 o'clock fully 1000 guests had passed
into the main hall and were strolling
through the treasure rooms on the lower
floor. \ ¦*£".¦.¦
Alternating with these splendidly ren
dered numbers, the following instrumental
concert was given in the Mary Frances
Eearies gallery:
March, "King John" (Hauschild); overture,
' Tanr.hauser" (Wagner); melody, "Eolitude"
• Ole Bull), harmonized for strings only by
Svendsen; selections. "Faust" (Gounod): sere
nade, horn solo and flute obligato (Tltl); horn
Ernst Schlott, flute obligato by A. Lombnr
<Jo; waltz. "Artist Life" (Strauss); songs,
"Serenade" (cornet ¦ solo), "Am Meer" (trom
bone solo (Schubert); selections, "Carmen"
• Bizet); "Dance of the Hours," from "Glooon
da" (Ponchielli); American national airs (Gil
ruore). *i
"My Heart Is Weary" (Goring Thomas), Mrs.
CHi-roll-Nleholson; t-ong, "If I Were King" <I*
Campbell-Tlrton). S. Homer Henley: duet. "The
Gypsies" (.Uralims). Mrs. Northrup and Mrs.
Nicholson; quartet. "She I» Mine" (Dudley
Buck). Knickerbocker Male Quartet; organ,
"Au Revclr" (Wilson).
the nation, and with them their
fair women. These, the visitors to our
City by the Sea, were the honored guests
of the directors of the Hopkins Institute
of Art. at whose bidding were gathered
more than 2000 people. What with beauty
and wealth, art, music and "thousands of
lights, the reception was one to live long
in the mists of the memory.
Ever beautiful in its conception and in
its furnishings, the institute permits of
but small latitude for the decorator, but
between the doorways gigantic baskets
had been hung with fine effect, drooping
vines fell tenderly from these airy
spheres, while on the cabinets and beside
them in the southern drawing-rooms min
iature ferneries had been built. Further
attempt than this would indeed become
that crime of modernity— "painting the
lily."
At an early hour guests began to fill the
upper galleries, from which a splendid
view of incoming visitors could be ob
tained, and from which the following pro
gramme was rendered, under the direc
tion of Henry Heyman:
"Gre«Ur.ic" (Batkln), Knickerbocker Male
Vfuartet— Herbert William* nm tenor. Dr. R.
"VV. £m:th stconrJ tenor, D. B. Crane first bass,
L. A. Larsen eecond bass; organ. "Marche Tri
omphale" (Lemmens); 6ong, "Hosanna" (Gra
r.ier), 8. Homer . Henley; aria, "Pagllacci"
cLeoncavallG). Mrs. Grac« Davis Xorthrup; or
»an. ••Largo" (Haendel); recitative and air.
UNDER the vaulted dome of the
Hopkins Institute of Art there
gathered last night the men who
guide the financial destinies of
Prominent Men
and Women Are*
the Hosts.
Society Welcomes
the Guests of
the City.
SCENE OF SPLENDOR IS WITNESSED AT MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE
AT RECEPTION GIVEN TO VISITING BANKERS AND THEIR LADIES
Rooms of Vast
Art Gallery ¦¦/
Crowded.
Fine Programme
of Music Is
Rendered.
nificent chrysanthemums, while rar*
wines are placed at the disposal of every
guest. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Wiggins have
charge of the display. ¦•
WILL VISIT SAN JOSE.
Bankers to Be Guests of Sister City
on Saturday.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 21.— The Eastern bank
ers now in session in San Francisco will
be thft guests of the San Jose financiers
next Saturday. About 500 visitors are ex
pected. A committee, consisting of W.
V. Dtnsmore. E.T. Sterling, A. E. Wilder
and Paul Furst. has been appointed by
the local bankers to make arrangements
for the reception and entertainment of
the party.
The bankers will arrive by the noon
train. Rigs wlU.be furnished and the ex
cursionists taken, for a drive about the
city and valley. They will be taken to the
Sorosis farm, near Saratoga, where the
packing and shipping of prunes will be
shown. An elaborate luncheon, composed
entirely of Santa Clara County products,
will be served, under the direction of E.
E. Goodrich of El Quito olive farm.
Prunes will be cooked In the highest style
of the art, and attractive souvenirs given
the bankers.
It is designed to give the guests a re
ception that will be a credit to the city
and county and one that will advertise
the resources of the section. . -
OTTO SPAMER
WINS THRONG
WITH VIOLIN
There were empty seats not a few last
night at Lyric Hall, but no gaps In tha
applause that met Otto Spamer, the vio
linist. This second appearance of the
fiddler showed him in an almost singu
larly more favorable . light thatr~at the
symphony concerts, the % more grateful
acoustics of Lyric Hall doubtless con
tributing to the effect. Mr. Spanner's pro
gramme Included a notaole variety of
styles, ranging from tha pure classicism
of the Bach "Chaconne" to the pyrotech
nic marvels of the Paganlni-Wllhelmj
concerto In D major. To say thai Mr.
Spamer was at his best In the Each num
ber Is to give high praise. His rendering
of this violin epic was indeed notable,
dignified, broad, smooth and fluently com
petent on the technical slae. Sympathy,
poise and distinguished tonal . beauty
marked the rendering of the little Wil
helmj "Romance." In whicn the violinist
was again/ delightful. The Chopin-Sar
asate "Nocturne" again found him curi
ously wanting In sympathy and authority.
In the Wieniawskl "Airs Russes" Mr.
Spamer'a clean and brilliant double-stop
ping welcomely Imposed Itself on the at
tention, the Intonation as throughout
being wholly admirable, do. too. In the
spirited and dramatic rendering of the
Paganinl-Wllhelmj concerto— It seems, in
deed, that this player plays more easily
a scale of sixths or octaves than of single
notes. Not that this limits his technical
genius, but it is Its most notabl? feature.
The heartiest applause greeted the fiddler,
who has evidently established himself a3
a favorite here.
Mrs. Blanchard, who was the singer of
the evening, was In eytcellent form. She
seems to gain In style daHy, and sang
last nieht with a dramatic verve, vocal
smoothness and finish that I have not
before heard her achieve in a long ex
perience of her work, 7 Mrs. Blanchards
songs were "Pleurez mes Yeux" (Mas
senet); "Ruhe, Sussllebchen." "Verge
bliches Staendchen" (Brahmj), and
"Haenseleln" (Taubert). Fred Maurer ac
companied, with his usual excellent Judg
ment and sympathy. "- ,
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
London Society Offers Prize.
The Council of the -Society of Arts of
London is prepared to award a prize of a
gold medal. -or twenty pounds ($100) for
the best dust-arresting respirator for use
In .dusty processes and In . dangerous
trades. The competition Is not limited to
British subjects, and all information may
be obtained on application at the offices
of the British Consulate-General, 520 Bat
tery street.,
Theatrical Mechanics' Benefit
The Theatrical Mechanics* Association
of this city will hold an entertainment
for the benflt of the charity fund of the
association, at the Alhambra Theater to
morrow afternoon. Many talented art
ists have volunteered their services for
the good cause and the sale of tickets has
been extremely large.
THE SAN FBANfclSCO CALIi^ TH^RgDAY^ ;^6OTbBBB;;;22;ll96^
Continued From Page 6, Column 7.
Love and hate have; good- memories;
only Indifference forgets. . .
7
COMPTROLLEROF
CURRENCY WILL
SPEAK TO-DAY
AD VESTISEMENTS.
i , ¦ - . - - ¦ ¦ ' ¦ - * '
| m CELEBR ATI3 * %#
fet .STOMACH^ ' A
BITTERS
The Bitters will put the system
in such good condition dis-
ease cannot obtain a foothold. It
will purify the blood, restore the
appetite and cure Insomnia,
Heartburn, Sick Headache, In-
digestion, Dyspepsia or Kidney;
Ailments. Be sure to try it.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S anKA-ri
liUSEUH OF AHATOMYi
' ' ¦ : Sr TIM Lan «it Autaaiui Museum in !b« \
( -*3*V~ Wotld. Wetkatun w u. contracted 4
\K5p5r <*>«•«• r^»««»*«7e«r^h7th«Blde« f
• /mlJBI s P* oil;Ut °° tbe CdttL EiL^reirv 9
A £•¥? I OR. J03DAM-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ l&XSia. Con«lt«tioa frec'aad strictly prtr»t«. \
S I WI T raiment p«no*&ily « hy Wter. A d
\ I fl" Ml f*»t>** CW§ in rtttj e><* aad«n»ken. - T
aPl \\m *nle (<>r 8»k, r BIL««riT tl i
f r | 11 T Biinuet, ¦ maoio fku, uf
\ A 11 Ttlu»We book for mr«) . A
f DB.JOBDAS *CO.I05liCarketSt..9. f. ¥Taking: too much liberty may deprive a
man of his liberty.
A committee consisting of one member
from each grove, chapter, p"ast arch as
sociation and circle of the Order of Druids
of San Francisco will meet in the Druids'
Hall on next Saturday night for the pur
pose of takinc the preliminary steps for
arranging for the memorial service. of the
order. - •
Druids' Memorial Service.
"Crude California oil is heated to 180 or 190 de
grees. The heavier the oil the better the job, as the
low gravity oil contains the most asphaltum. This
causes the soil to pack and make a fine roadbed or
dressing for the levee. In the majority of cases the
embankments around the islands are used for roads,
as they are high and dry. By oiling them two pur
poses are served, as good roads mean much to the
farmers in both winter and summer. On Grand
Island quite a stretch of levee has been oiled and a
contract has been let to oil the levees on Roberts
Island.".
The work is going on under .contract. The' Sen
tinel reports that about fifty miles of levees have
been oiled in Yolo County. The coming of the rains
will cause a halt. The rainy season will test the
value of the experiment, which is novel.
The levees have annually been weakened. not only
by the wash of the waters but also by gophers and
burrowing squirrels. The ground has been powdered
very easily, by the passage of teams over.: it.
Crevasses are frequently caused by water, running
first-into the holes made by gophers and squirrels. It'
is supposed that the oil \ will drive these animals
away and will harden by solidifying the tops of the
levees and so prevent the land from annually blowing
away, as du£t. -
vBarges are used to move the oil. An average: day.
of work is the oiling of a mile<of embankment. :* The
cost is regulated by, the, ¦ amount of material used,
THE people of San Joaqutn County believe that
they have hit upon a plan that will prove to be
of inestimable value to the owners of reclaimed
lands and to island farmers. This is to treat the
levees with oil in a manner similar to that employed
on roads in many parts of the State. The Lodi Sen
tinel describes the process:
OILING THE LEVEES.
Address, Thomas VV. Hlckey; humorous song-.
Dennis Shoerln: duet— "Gastaldon." Miss Lydia
Cavalli, Mrs. Lsopoldlna StefTani: recitation,
Ml«8 May Sullivan: *.. prologue— "Pagllaccl."
81gnor Vlglione Borghesi: romanza. Dr. F. Bo
nlno; quartet— "Rlgoletto." Mrs. Leopoidina.
Steftani. Mls« Lydla Cavalli. -Signer Vlglione
BorgheRi, Dr. F. Bonino: selected stories. Mm.
Fred Hanson; duet — "Rlgoletto." MUs Lydla
Cavalli, Stgnor Vlgllone Borghegi.
Native Sons' Hall was crowded ' last
night with a delighted | assemblage, met
fbr the purpose of aiding Sacred Heart
parish school. There was a feast of
music and song and recitation, the affair
being a kettledrum. '-"¦<;
The programme was as follows:
Kettledrum to Aid School.
For a few days at least, while the bankers of the
United States are our guests, San Francisco is the
financial capital of the nation. And while the men of
money arc among us it is to be hoped that they will
be impressed by the many reasons which warrant
safe, profitable and permanent investment in the city
that opens its Golden Gate to vast eastern empire*
of splendid prospect.
THE recent publication of the "Cambridge Mod
ern History: The United States," a'work com
piled by eminent historians and jurists both of
this country and of Europe, fills an important place
in literature. After all the years of crimination and
recrimination on the part of greater and lesser his
torians on both sides of the water, it-is full time for
an impartial study of the whole period of British and
American conflict. American love of fair play assures
a hearty reception by the American people, and Amer
ican educators especially, for a history of our people
which is in the nature of an international committee
report on the great points of dispute.
The cause of patriotism is/not, promoted by the
promulgation of falsehoods. The catholic spirit of
the late Lord Acton, who projected the Cambridge
series of histories, and of his successors who are now
carrying on the work, has provided a history of the
United States which is as impartial as the narrow per
spective of history will, allqw^ Of the thirteen coh
tributors to the work only four are British. ' The
crucial; periods in America's relations to the mother
country are reviewed by men of; first-class authority
on both sides, and their conflicting views upon con
troversial subjects are set forth side by- side for im
partial judgment %
In this age of ? ruth seeking it is fitting that past
differences between nations as well as those of the
present should be rectified.by joint tribunals of the
contesting parties. It is go-d ' therefore to have our
own historic quarrels investigated by impartial
specialists. In all fairness to our friends across the
.water as well as to ourselves we must recognize that
the time has corrie for, eliminating* the old bitterness
from our .popular, histories and making a serious effort
to learn the whole truth concerning the history of
the republic.. The Cambridge v.-ork will materially
help - in • that direction,: and the welcome it has re
ceived in this country is an evidenced of' a '• growth
among our people of-a culture far superior to jingo
ism or provincialism. ' ,-
IMPARTIAL HISTORY.
An extra session of Congress has been called to
discuss further and if possible draft a commercial
treaty between Cuba and the United States. This is
the cue of the cartoonists for the perpetration of
more of their graphic atrocities upon a patient Amer
ican public. .
The German Imperial Board of Trade
has requested all Chambers of Commerce
to report minutely all facts for or against
the organization of trusts.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes- A nic© present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bldg. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public roeotjy,,^, 9
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 CalU
fornla street. Telephone Mam 1M3.
Frank Gentill. proprietor of the Lom
bard! restaurant, on Pine street, applied
to the Superior Court yesterday for an in
junction restraining the Cooks' and Walt
ers' Alliance from maintaining a boycott
on his place. He claims that by the ac
tions of the members of the Alliance his
business is being Irreparably injured. The
suit was assigned to Judge Sloss for trial.
Objects to Being Boycotted.
The officers of the auxiliary are: Presi
dent, Mrs. L. A. Blckell; vice president,
Mrs. John J. Neeley; recording secretary,
Mrs. George Barron: financial secretary.
Mrs. Rod Payne: treasurer. Mrs. C. A.
Buchanan: guide. Mrs. J. P. Brady; trus
tees, Mrs. Van Sandt, Mrs. L. Schnltzer
and Mrs. Eaves. ,
Typographical Union Auxiliary Hop.
t Tho Initial dance and social of the
Women's Auxiliary No. 18 of San Fran
cisco Typographical Union No. 21 will be
held at Union Square Hall next Monday
evening. The committee of arrangements
Is exerting itself to make this one of the
social features of the season. The fol
lowing is the committee In charge: Mrs.
James P. Olwcll,' chairman: Mrs. John J.
Neeley, secretary; Mrs. George Barron.
Mrs. .Grant Munson, Mrs. John •Collins.
Mrs. C. A. Buchanan, Mrs. J. P. Brady
and Mrs. Phil Johnson.
"W. M. Talbot yesterday filed an affida
vit in connection with the contest 'of the
will of J. D. Taylor, brought by lizzie
Taylor. He says that at the time the will
was made Taylor was not in condition to
make any proper disposition of his prop
erty. He was suffering, he says, from a
stroke of paralysis.
Says Taylor "Was Incompetent.
Hart North, Immigration Commissioner,
has "detained Mrs.' Soledad Maldonado.
her child an* her minor brother and sla
ter, on the ground that they are penntleas
immigrants, who are likely to become
public charges. The family came to thia
city from Mexico recently on the respon
sibility of a brother, who subsequently
surrendered them to the authorities for
deportation. Friends of the Mexican* wtll
make a fight to keep them in this coun
try. The papers in the case have been
forwarded to Washington, D. C.
North Detains Mexicans.
The funeral of the late Mrs. Lizzie Ton
nlnffsen, Wife of John Tonningsen, a. well
known capitalist of this city and very
prominent in Masonic circles, took place
yesterday morning from the family resi
dence, ,1626 Howard street. Mrs. Ton
ningsen was a prominent member of the
Order-of thd Eastern Star and the founder
of California Chapter of this city. The
service was conducted by the' Rev. Paul
Branke, pastor of St. Paul's German
Evangelical Church, in the presence of a
large number of sorrowing friends and
acquaintances. There were hundreds of
floral offerings. The vocal music ¦was by
Miss Hewitt and Clarence T. Wendel.
The pallbearers were Chief of • Police
George W. Wittman, Charles I* Patton,
Harry D. Loveland, J. G. Llebold. Dr.
W. C. Hassler, Thomas H. Browne. Cap
tain Alexander Woodside and M. Bucche.
Funeral of Mrs. Tonningsen.
Five thousand dollars In currency and
certified checks were the contents of a
wallet found on the floor of the main
postoflfJce on Washington street last Fri
day by United States. Secret Service
Agent Harry Moffltt. The sleuth, being an
honest man, did not put the currency into
his pocket and replace the wallet on the
floor, but handed over the fat wad to A.
M. Cox, superintendent of city delivery,
with the reauest that-the property be re
turned to John H. Wise, whose name ap
peared on the papers. Mr. Cox hunted up
Mr. Wise and returned the wallet and
contents and that was tho last heard, of
the matter. Mr. Moffltt says that the
thanks coming to him must have been be
lated or shooed aside and lost their way.
HONEST SLETJTH RETTJRJIS
FIVE THOUSAND DOLULBS
Secret Service Agent Mpfflt Yet
Awaits the Message of Thanks
He Expected.
¦x tt t IIILE it is natural that Canadians should
\f\f be disappointed by the Alaskan boundary
* * award, there is no reason for expecting that
anyimng serious will follow affecting the relations
of the Dominion to the British empire. The feeling
exists principally in the personal political following
cf Sir Wilfrid Laurier and in British Columbia.
The people of that western province are very alert
and enterprising, in their push and vigor much re
sembling their neighbors on the Pacific Coast of the
United States. They are of the frontier and pioneer
element, self-centered and of independent spirit. But >
when they view the result more calmly they will see
hem little it touches their very great and permanent
interests. They have great natural resources in
stock-raising, mineral, timber and the raw materials
of manufacture, and in exploiting these will find
ample cxerpse' for their rare energies. As they are
mostly of English blood, they should rejoice that
Lord Alverstone has dignified their country and their
race by giving a decision in accordance with his
conscientious view of fact and equity, though seem
ingly against the material interests of his- own coun
try. The newspaper comment is not virulent,
though uttered in the language of disappointment,
and as for the street corner gossip in British Colum
bia about recession from the Dominion and the em
pire, it is merely effervescent.
The decision removes the last possible cause of
friction between the United States and Great Brit
ain, and puts any strife between the two so remote
as not to interest this or many succeeding genera
tions. One thing may be counted upon as sure. by
the British Columbians. This arbitration was en
tered into to extirpate the possibility of war, 'and, as
far as the United States is concerned, its result will
not be turned into a fresher and greater cause of war
by encouraging any secession or annexation move
ment in the western province. We want Canada for
a good neighbor only. True, there are some enthu
siastic Americans who think our manifest destiny
is to own the earth, but the vast majority of our
countrymen arc quite content with what we have.
Looked at in the light of the case and evidence
submitted, the boundary award conforms to justice.
It may well be that the expectation of a different re
sult entertained by British Columbians had its origin
in the belief that imperial considerations would move
Lord Alverstone to decide for them, regardless of
what the facts might be. That is apt to be the colo
nial feeling in such matters, and it no doubt in
fluenced Sir Wilfrid Laurier in setting up claims that
good lawyers, even in Canada, declared to be without
foundation. Laurier is a politician. His whole career
h*s been as a politician. From the moment of his
graduation as a lawyer he has been in politics and
not in the practice of his profession. He used this
boundary issue to strengthen himself in politics, and
it remains to be seen whether he will gain more by
claiming beyond reason than he would have gained
by a more moderate course.
The press of the United States takes the result
without exultation, and «s to be commended for ab
staining from adding fuel to the Canadian fire. It
is to be remembered that when the temporary
boundary was arranged as a modus vivendi the op
position press attacked Secretary Hay with extreme
virulence. Now that he and President Roosevelt
have proved the wisdom of moderation, • and have
won ?.ll points of consequence to their country/ it is
too ranch to expect that their critics will do them
jnstke.
CANADIAN FEELING.
James Fair, son of the late Andrew
Fair and nephew of the late James G.
Fair, commenced an action yesterday
against Hermann Oelrlchs. administrator
of the estate of the late Charles Fair, to
recover his share of the legacy of $100,000
left by Fair Sr. to his collateral heirs.
The amount involved Isf one-third of 13123.
the sum the plaintiff alleges he is entitled
to under Senator Falr> wtlff* He says he
presented a claim for his share to Oel
richs and that the latter refuses to pay
it. In his complaint Fair say* that the
money became due him in May, 1DU2, when
the estate of Senator Fair was distributed
to his children. He says that he should
have received his legacy then, under an
agreement he made with the heirs in 183*.
Says That Hermann Oelrlchs Refuses
to Recognize His Claims Upon
Estate.
JAMES Q. FAIR'S tfEPHEW
SUES FOB HIS LEGACY
0W n^jj^CajPL
THURJDAY OCTOBER 22, 1903
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Pr^^____
'-¦'""
A Ek for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish..; 7:
rCBMCATIOW OFFICE... Market «nd Tklrd, 8. *•
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stev«n«o» St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cents.
TemM by MU». IndwUn* P©«Uce <Cm*h With Order):
DA1LT CALL flndwdln* Bandar). «n» ye*r 7?«o
VATVT CALL, Jtedudlnr Eundar). « month* •£"'
DJULT CAXJ>-Bx ElnjU Month -v 7*°
CUXDAY CALK On* Te«r *"Tj:
«m«G» TOBTIC* I ggg^ «J £ ~ £«
All po.ttna.trr- are authorised to receive
¦vbaerlptlona.
C*bf!« eople* will be forwarded when r*jae«t«4.
«*rtle«Ur to Hv both NEW AND OUD ADDRXS8 «"<«*«¦
to tornn a prompt and ecrreet xompllauc* with their requert.
OAKL.OD OFFICE. _
1118 Broadway Telephone Mal» 1OS3
DERKELBV OFFICE.
<1«S Center Street. Telephono Wortfc TT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MOBTOK E. CttAJTB.. ...... 1*OO G Street. W. W.
KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
WaMorf-Artorla Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Bqnare:
atomy HU1 Hotel: FUth-a venue Hotel and Hoffnsaa House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
fberman Houee; P. O. New* Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
TretBCBt Houce; Auditorium Hot*!; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGMSSS Marqnette Rntldlne
iLce* Distance Telephone. '•Central 261?.")
jCKW TORK REPRESENTATIVE :
STEPHEN D. SMITH 30 Trlbnne Bnildln*-
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CABLTOS Herald Square
BRANCH OFFICES—^S27 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
BBttl t:SO «'ctock. S00 H&yes. op*a until 9 :33 o'clock. 633
lteA£lat*r. open until t:S0 o'clock. CIS Laxkln. open until
fr:M «' clack. IHI Mission, opes until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 0 o'clock. 1006 Va
kocU, epen until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until V
t rlock. NE. corner Church an4 Duntan streets, opes
txtil 0 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
cr<n er.tll • o'clock. £200 Flllroore. open until 8 o'clock.
At first only a part of the carload, pos
sibly 100 boxes, will be put in place in the
big show. These will last some time. The
remainder of the carload will be exhibited
in installments. By this plan a continu
ous good showing for California apples
will be possible and the interim before
the crop of California for the season of
1904 comes in will not be unsupplled with
fruits. A carload of mountain apples
from California will soon be sent to St
Louis to bo held in cold storage. South
ern California will send another carload.
A carload of late fall vegetables will be
forwarded by the Calfornla Commission
ers in a few days.
Watsonvllle wins the credit for sending
the first California exhibits to St. Louis
for the Louisiana Purchase Exposition.
The Watsonvllle contribution consisted of
a carload of apples, more than 600 boxes
in all.,. The car that carries them Is deco
rated with banners on each side. The ap
ples will be placed in cold storage until
the time arrives to put them in the Horti
culture building next spring. .
Bannered Carload of Apples Leads
the Procession of California
' . Products to St. Louis.
FIRST STATE EXHIBITS .
GO FROM WATSONVILLE
The general plan was to take water,
from the Feather River south of Ther
malito and to carry it along a ridge of
land on the west side of the river. Sur
veys were made and rights of way were
secured for the main line and for the lat
erals that were to distribute the water to
the farma In the county to be served.
The proposition was really tho revival of
one made about twelve years ago by T.
R. Flemlrg of Biggs. He succeeded In
having 12.W0 acres pledged to take the
water. The Butte County Canal Com
pany had pledges for about 4000 acres.
The directors of the Butte County Canal
Company, at a meeting in this city, de
cided to abandon the project of construct
ing an irrigation ditch. The reason as
signed for- this determination Is that
enough land owners in Butte County
having property along the line cannot be
Induced to sign contracts to bring their
lands under the ditch. The estimated
cost of construction Is $200,000 approxi
mately. Farmers were to pay $1 50 per
annum per acre for the first ten*,years
and $1 per acre per annum thereafter. E>.
C. McCallum was the leading mover for
the ditch.
Purpose of Cutting Large Ditch Be
ginning at Thermalito Is
Finally Given Up.
BTJTTE COUNTY CANAL
WILL NOT BE BUILT
Annie M. Tillson. in her capacity, as a
taxpayer, objects to the granting of tho
petition for a rehearing of the trial by
the Board of Education of Mrs. Rebecc*
Grennan. teacher of the John W. Taylor
School, who was dismissed from the
School Department two years ago. In a
petition for a writ prohibiting the rehear
ing, filed yesterday by Mrs. Till3on. she
says that the granting of Mrs. Orennans
petition means a useless and unnecessary
expenditure cf public funds. The case
will be heard by Judge Seawell to-mor
row. Judge Murasky having Issued an or
der directing the Board of Education to
appear <then and show cause why Mrs.
Tillson's p€tition should not be granted.
"Would Stop New Trial of Teach«r.
Of this reaction is Dowie.' A man of magnetic
physical make-up, a keen insight into human nature
and perfect knowledge of the "value of mystical dem
onstrations and assumptions, Dowie started on his
church building career as a spiritual healer of physi
cal ills. He assumed unto himself the fetching title
of Elijah for theatrical effect. He teaches that man,
by getting into harmony with the spiritual, becomes
master of the material, but her; shrewdly maintains
that only one 'man has accomplished that feat, and
that man is Dowie, reinevnation of Elijah by di
vine crHination.
Once Avell established with a comfortable support
of devoted disciples, Dowie followed 'the identical
footsteps of the early Mormon elders and began to
incorporate a sociological element into his manu
factured creed. If the only true faith of salvation is
to have permanency, it must first build a new Jeru
salem, where the faithful might dwell in a sociologi
cal millennium. Like Nauvoo rose the new Zion
city. Community property is not of its scheme to
thr extent which was attempted in the Mormon
church, but community morals and community faith
are the main anchors of the Illinois Utopia. Above
all, about all, is John Alexander Dowie, the re
incarnate.
THE descent upon New York of John Alexander
Dowie, professed successor of Elijah, with
3000 disciples from Zion .City, is one of the pe
culiar religious anachronisms of -the age. Though
Dowie and his followers have been the butt of the
Eastern press and the subjects of copious fulmina
ttons from Eastern pulpits, his crusade against vice
in Gotham calls the attention of both the sociologist
and theologian to this, his self-constituted sect. \
'From the time that Christianity had its inception
down to the present day its history has been marked
by one never failing characteristic. In inverse ratio
to the temporary laxity and indifference to things
religious of the majority, which has occurred in reg
ularly recurrent cycles, there has been the remark
able energy of the few, which has approached fan
aticism in its ardor. The minority feels that the
moral conscience of the majority is in its keeping.
The fifteenth century witnessed the crusades of the
¦Rr.ssites and the Walloons. To the careless or
thodoxy of the English Cavaliers was set in bitter
opposition the fiery dogmatism of the Puritan. .John
Wesley arose in wrath against the wine-bibbing
E:shcn* of the eighteenth century. So likewise in
our cwn century of prevalent skepticism and infidel
ity hsve there arisen scores of prophets who have
! Leci» the founders of creeds of more or less stability.
DOWIE, PSYCHIC CONJURER.
A young man profitably employed in a congenial
environment, enjoying the good will of his fejlows
and the confidence of his superiors, disappeared sud
denly a few days pgo to : live, it is thought, a life of
seclusion in the forests. He has pondered too se
riously, perhaps, over the sometimes very excellent
admonition to take to the tall trees.
Although the company will not atate the
conditions of the agreement between it
self and Gourley, It is generally under
stood that concessions were made to the
Chicago man as an inducement to draw
him into the combine.
Gourley controls several shingle mills in
.Humboldt | County and his defiance was
accepted as the forerunner of a bitter
warfare between the shingle interests of
the coast. Apparently, however, Gourley
and his rivals have come to a satisfactory
arrangement, for yesterday the .Pacific
Redwood Shingle Company advanced the
price of redwood shingles to fl 65, and
later- it was announced that the outside
concerns, including Gourley, had joined
the combine.
.The Pacific Redwood Shingle Company,
an organization composed of the majority
of the mills in Northern California and
which has for a long time controlled the
shingle trade on the coast, baa/ at last
gained a firm footing In the Eastern sec
tion 1 of tbe country. Recently, with a
view of forcing all the California shingle
mills into its concern, the, Pacific Red
wood Shingle Company , cut the price of
its product from/ $1 80 a thousand to SI 45
and.' gave its competitors to understand
that it : was ; prepared to~ make a further
cut in the event of the outside mills re
fusing to enter the combine. Two weeks
ago ; Arthur, Gourley, a wealthy lumber
man of Chicago, who is regarded as one
of the heaviest dealers in shingles In this
country, arrived here and '."a- few days
later he and the , representatives of the
local company 1 were holding conferences.
Gourley had been fighting the California*
combine for some time and immediately
after his • arrival he publicly announced
thai he /was prepared to go beyond the
rival's cut with a still lower one, and that
under no circumstances would he join the
combination.
The annual public exerelses of the Alli
ance Francalse. with the distribution of
prizes to meritorious students of the
French language, will take place in Na
tive Sons' Hall next Sunday afternoon,
beginning at 1:30 o'clock. President A.
Legallet will preside. The prizes will be
presented by the board of , directors, con
sisting of, A. Legallet, A. Charoot. A.
Bosquet and E. Legallet. Mayor, Schmitt
and the Board of Education of San Fran
cisco are expected to be prestnt.
The exercises will be unusually inter
esting.. There are now 400 children in the
public schools, private schools and pri
vate 'classes in San Francisco studying
the French language. /There are classes
In seventeen public schools. There is one
class in the Dwight/Way School in Berke
ley. The Alliance" Francalse is an or
ganization that aims, at the diffusion of
the French language. There are five
prizes of honor to be given out. The
fortunate winners are Emile Gallatoire,
Helen Lavergne and Arthur LesraUet In
the French section and Anita Whelan and
Martha Peterson if the American section.
Booka will also be distributed to 200 chil
dren on recommendation of teachers who
have conducted examinations.
The , programme for Sunday afternoon
includes "addresses by A. Legallet and M.
A. Lusinchl; a dialogue by Elsie Sieben
hauer. Robert Ackerman and Helene
Prager from tho Pacific Heights School;
music by an orchestra : monologues by
Alice Sassassus of the Whittler School.
Arthur LegaUet of the Horance Mann
School and Juliet Bodros of the Pacific
Heights School; songs by the pupils of
the Washington. Spring Valley, Lasalle
J/authlor and Dwight way classes; danc
ing by Henrlette Bertin. and the acting
of "Concours de Btbes" by Lucie Cassou,
Isabel Frederics, Gemma Martina, Louise
Bousquet, Corona Vance. Tessa Kosta.
Edith Fredericks. Louise Forget. Mar
garet Cassou and Mathilde Feu«r.
Leave of absence was granted to Clara
R. Westerman for thirty days and to Mrs.
M. G. Coyle for the same period of time.
J. E. Sullivan, chief of the physical cul
ture department, requests the co-opera
tion of the board to assist him in giving
an exhibition of physical culture at the
St. Louis Exposition. The matter was re
ferrtd to Professor Walter McGee.
The Superintendent of Schools reported
that the preparation of the St. Louis ex
hibit of the San Francisco schools bad
been placed in the hands of Deputy Su
perintendent Macurda. He also said that
a larg« number of teachers had joined the
California Teachers' Association, in an
ticipation of the annual convention In this
city next December. About 90 per cent of
the teachers are expected to join.
Oscar S. Levy put in bids for furnish
ing fire escapes for the Lafayette anJ
Lincoln schools. His bid for two escapes
for the former building was J1S40 and for
two escapes for the latter JS73. OT > }* he
puts in but one escape on this building
the price will be $1320. No action was
taken. ',.A •
Mrs. M..M. Shannon" offered to sell the
city her lot adjoining the Pacific Heights
School for $90»)0, but as she failed to state
the size of the lot and gave no particulars
concerning the property her communica
tion was laid on the table.
' The Board of Education held its regular
weekly meeting yesterday afternoon^
Mrs. M. L* Dimmicfc was transfenred
from the Fremont School back to the
Winfield Scott School. Mrs. James G.
Kennedy was transferred from the W In
field Scott School to the Emerson, and
Mrs. Mildred Thomas from the Emerson
to the Fremont.
The exposure made, by The Call of that inconsis
tency, has served to remind the people of the worth
lessness of the utterances of the yellow organ. That
point, however, is a matter of little interest to intel
ligent people^ and of no moment whatever .to the
campaign. The vital issue is that of ' electing a
Mayor into whose hands the people. may safely place
the vast powers of the mayoralty under the charter,
aud of electing along with him a Board of Super
visors and a set of administrative officers who will
aid him in his efforts to provide the city with a
thoroughly .efficient and economical government in
all departments.
Whatever views may be held concerning the per
sonal merits of this or that candidate, there can be
no disputing the fact that back of Mr. Lane and of
Mayor Schmitz are certain forces that make for dis
content and strive for factional and too often mere
personal interests. On the other hand; back of Mr.
Crocker and his colleagues on the Republican ticket
stand the conservative elements of the people, capital-,
ists, business men and workingmen, whose joint
labors tend to the prosperity of the community and
the welfare of all. That fact in itself is sufficient to
incline thoughtful men who have been accustomed,
to act as independents In local politics to cast their
votes for the Republican ticket.
The people have had experience with one term of
Mayor Schmitz and can therefore readily forecast
what another term of his administration will be like.
In his first term he has quarreled with some of the
most earnest of those who supported him in his con
test for the place, and. has been something like a
mountebank in office,— at one-time declaring himself
a Republican and desirous of a Republican nomina
tion, at-another time hurrying away from "his offi
cial duties to stump the New York tenderloin for
a Democratic candidate for Congress, and then re
turning home to declare himself once more , the
champion of labor, the foe of Democracy and the an
tagonist of Republicanism.
Back of him, but plainly visible throughout his ad
ministration, has been Abe Rucf, who is perhaps as
good a specimen as could be found in the city of the
type of "workingman" that Schmitz favors. The
charges and y countercharges which the rival factions
of the administration have made against one another
may not all be true, but there has been enough of
double dealing on both sides to make it evident that
neither is devoted to the welfare of the city nor to
the interests of workingmen, but has been animated
solely by a desire to profit by the spoils of office.
The beginning of a new era in San Francisco
calls for the service in municipal office of menlof high
character. ' The Republican convention, which was
thoroughly representative of the rank and file of the
party, nominated men who are representative of the
best elements of our citizenship. A partisan organ
reckless in its, irresponsibility may denounce Repub
lican candidates to-day as it denounced Democratic
candidates a year ago, but fair-minded men are not'
going to be influenced by statements from such
a source. Even were the men whom the yellow or
gan now denounces unknown to the community they
would suffer little beyond a feeling of disgust from
attacks of that kind. It happens, however, that the
Republican ticket is composed of men of high stand
ing and of wide repute in the city, so the voters can
readily understand why the yellow organ now assails
them even as it once assailed Mr. Lane and his col
leagues on the ticket of "McNab, the avowed enemy
of labor."
It is the duty of the progressive men of San Fran
cisco to be on guard at this juncture. We must elect
the right man to every office at stake, and especially
to the office of Mayor. Factional government can
never be good government, and in the present situ
ation neither the Democratic nor the Union Labor,
candidates can even pretend to represent anything
more than a faction. The one way to .assure pros
perity so far as municipal affairs are concerned is
to vote the party of prosperity for Henry J. Crocker
and the whole ticket.
WITH a gaudy inconsistency which is doubts
less as amusing to its editors as to the pub
lic, the organ that, once denounced the
Democratic candidate for Mayor as "McNab's man,"
nearly every other candidate on the Democratic
ticket as a "McNab henchman," and McNab' himself
as an "avowed enemy of labor," is now urging the
election of the whole ticket from top to bottom, on
the ground that the men who compose it are . the
stanch friends of workingmen and' the only possible^
saviors of the city. >. . '
THE IMPORTANT ISSUE.
SHINGLE MILLS
RAISE PRICE OF
THEIR PRODUCT
MERITORIOUS
STUDENTS TO BE
GIVEN PRIZES
CITY SCHOOL
TEACHERS A E
TRANSFERRED
which is charged up at so much per barrel. $*he Sen
tinel says that several hundred miles' of levees west
of Stockton will be oiled next summer. "When the
ground is wet the oil will not mix well.
This would again seem to indicate that the discov
ery of oil in California in* great quantities is most
prolific in possibilities. Dusty roads are made en
durable by. changing their nature. The wheels of
industry are caused to turn in successful competi
tion with Eastern enterprises through the agency
of cheap fuel.'* Refineries find employment in making
lubricants, some illuminants and a large 'quantity of
marketable byproducts. Railway and other transpor
tation lines have •their cost of operation largely re
duced. , But the latest use for crude oil— the preser
vation of the annually threatened levtes against
floods — is probably the one to awaken the. most sur
prise. This is »s applicable elsewhere as . at home v
As California discovered and • practically developed
all the more' improved mining processes, so it may
be a pioneer, in finding a way to protect low-lying
lands- from freshets. In this event a great foreign
market is assured for its crude oil. '. / '• .
/HB BAN FBANOISCO CAM,, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1903,
The - Dampskibsselskabet Tellus has losKthe suit
which was recently instituted against it in Northern
California. TheDampskibs'selskabct is "not an infer
nal. machine, nor. is ? it the alphabet "pied.". It ' is
simply an inoffensive boat recklessly if not.crimin
ally named, by: its owners. •
Brigadier General Chase, the Colorado National
Guardsman who is charged with .varied offenses in
connection with v the Cripple Creek' disturbances, ob
jects to being tried by subordinates such as colonels
and majors. The, general probably wants to be tried
by his equals, the superfluous generals who were
smuggled on the State payroll during the riots. There
is nothing -like being tried by one's p'
A mother whose two children were stolen from
her by her divorced husband drudged for money,
crossed the continent, kidnaped her little ones and
returned here a few days ago triumphant in her quest
and in her mother-love. This is one of the tragedies
of divorce which never 'finds hearing in a divorce
court. The incident is big enough, however, to de
termine the destiny of children for good or evil.
Dr. Stephens Lectures.
""Dr." H. Morse Stephens of the Univer
sity of California delivered an interest
ing lecture of "The French Revolution",
in 'the artroom of the Mechanics* Insti
tute. ; More than 1200 people were present
the hall was filled 'to overflowing.
This* v;as the second . of a course of tep
lectures to be delivered by Dr. Stephens.
8
The Weird Elephant Spirit.
a a «^"f HUNDRED yards distant rusty masses of ironstone preceded
• * f I an undulation in the flat country, and toward the base of ope
f| tall block Lord Winstone descried an object which made him
JL ; rub his .eyes . with frank amazement. '
"Near the foot of the rock, his back against it, and shadowed entirely
from the sun's light by a natural grotto in the stone, sat an enormous
man or ape. Its stature was colossal, though smaller by far tlnn
the natives of Mapora had described; its naked body was bright green;
its hands were folded over its breast; its misshaped head was bent for-
ward, and wild, snaky hair, also of vivid green, fell luxuriantly around it.
while pressed upon its crown was a wreath of flowers. '
. "In the midst of this stranee kingdom, silent, motionless and alone,
with uncouth face and distorted limbs, reigned this huze green monster
in mortal shape. .
"Lord Winstone got out his field glasses, without which he never
hunted, and trained them on the grotto. He stared awhile, and thenfiis
breath left his lunes in a sraso of surprise, ai he returned the glasses to
their case and pushed forward."
Without doubt the reader will gasp with equal amazement and no less
- curiosity that such strange things can exist even in the Africa of to-day,
but Eden Philpotts knows absolutely whereof he speaks when he made
the great Elephant Spirit of the Dark Continent one of the big teaturea
of his new novel. "The Golden Fetich," now running in the Sunday LalL
the second installment of which will be published next Sundav. It gives
you Africa as it reallv is now and » it has not been shown since the
.wonderful explorations of the great Stanley.-
But unbelievable as the forcgomg extract may seem, stranger thines
are being found right here at home. Look in the next Sunday Call for
"Fitch's Mine of Mystery." It tells of the discovery under the very
feet of civilization in California, only a few. months ago. of a mine . o!
fire that has utterly baffled the best scientists in the world. Chunks of
this wonderful mineral that has a flame which cannot be destroyed have
been taken from Fitch's mine, ground into powder, assayed bv every
known process, tested by every possible standard, and still it remains a
mystery— and still it glows on with undiminished brightness. It cannot
be destroyed and it cannot be extinguished. Wonderful as is the newly
discovered radium, of which there is less than one pound in the whole
world and which costs a fabulous sum for a single ounce. Fitch's new
mineral is even more astounding and by far more puzzling. And * to
think that the earth in California is just full of, it. but— read next Sun-
day's Call. .. . ¦-",-..
There you will find other absorbing things. "A Daughter of the
Aurora," by Jack London: the big two-page railroad story by Frank
H Spearman. "The Dispatcher's Story"; a full page^o! "Halt-Hour
Storiettes": "The Unsolved Mystery of the Tinian Monoliths." by Cap-
tain H.F.. Tower, which is something that Uncle Sam has recently ac-
quired along a whole sea of queer islands: "Emigration the Negro's
.Only Salvation," bv BJ5hoD : H.;M. Turner; a full page of "Gems from the
Photographer's Exhibit." to be held next week at the Mechanics' t Pavil-
fion. -'. (You'll, watch for those pictures.) "The Picture Coat." which is
- something so new that no woman who cares a. pin how she look* (and
what* woman "doesn't?! 'will even dream of nmsinR.the next Sunday Call.
COOKBOOK OFFER TO;
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
, -. -- -..-- — — -;.\ ;:¦;
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all reader's of this
paper who* desire a copy of thia
household . treasure . should ; not
fail to place their order im- ;
mediately. :
This; splendid premium will
be bfEered to Call subscribers at
the : . exceptionally low - , rate of .
c fifty cents per copy; Out of
town orders twentyjeents^ad-
ditional ; to cove- prepayment of
transportation charges. . . ¦SUPERIOR Wls.. Oct. ,21.— When the So
perlor Dostofflce was openeS for buslneas^ to
day the large vault vu foUnd to have been
rifled, of practically the entire 8U PP' J 1- ? f
etarnr* eutiniaU-d at $15,500. About *100 In
fractional silver aleo was taken.
All of the advantages , of ; natural . gas
can be had at home by cooking with "gas
from the San Francisco' Gas and, Electric
Company In a range .-purchased from their
onlce,: at 415; Post 'street. "
: REDDING. ' Oct. 21.— Ofllcers of North
ern California are searching for Mrs. R.
E. Lee, who left three children, the
youngest an Infant, at Ashland, Or., last
Thursday. The reason for the desertion
Is .hard to understand, as the mother
seemed unusually fond of her children. 1
Her husband, who Is a cattle raiser,. has
como in from the ranges to' take charge
of the children.
Mother Deserts Her Babies.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 21.— Robert Burns,
22 years of age, was killed last night in
the Southern Pacific freight yards at
River Ftation. The wheels of a switch
engine and three boxcars passed over his
body. Burns and another young man
named Dan O'Connell were beating their
way over the railroad. A freight train
was being made up for San Francisco
and Bums tried \ to get on one of the
three cars which a switch engine was
drawing near Aurora street. He fell and
both of his legs and one arm were cut off.'
. O'Connell. was arrested on. a charge of
Intoxication and will be detained to tes
tify at the Coroner's Inquest. According
to his story. Burns lived on Ninety-fifth
street, between Fourth and Fifth avenues,
New York,
Robert Burns of New York Is Hor
ribly Mangled While Trying to
Steal a Ride.
WHEEI/S OP A FBEIGHT
TRAIN CEUSH OUT LIFE
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 21.— On the edge of
the beach and within twenty feet ,of the
breakers at Twin Lakes, the Rev.,R.'E.
,Wenk, pastor of the Methodist Churcfi at
Redding, and Miss Rose E. White, of
Oakland were united in marriage yester
day by the Rev. C. V. Anthony. The only
witnesses were the Misses Belle and Bes
sie Hoover of Gilroy. Two persons who
were strolling on the beach waved con
gratulations with their, handkerchiefs.
The idea of being married on the beach
originated with ' the bride.' The groom
is one of the most widely known Metho
dist ministers In the State.
Ocean Waves Play "Wedding March.
Peter Paul Kruger, by his guardian,
Peter John Kruger, sued the United Rail
roads yesterday for $500 damages for in
juries received in a collision between a
Kentucky-street and an Eighteenth-street
car last July. Kruger avers that his
ward was seriously Injured and suffered
great mental as well as physical agony.
Xruger Sues for Damages.
VALLEJO, Oct. 21.— Seepage caused a
had break last night in the Fleming Hill
reservoir, from which the city secures its
water supply. The accident caused a fall
in the stored water of between eight and
nine feet and will necessitate the greatest
economy en the part of the consumers.
Vallejo's Water Supply Is Reduced.
Charles B. Cox secured a warrant from
Police Judge Fritz yesterday for the ar
rest of James F. Hogan on a charge of
misdemeanor embezzlement. Hogan was
financial secretary of the Ship and
Steamship Painters" Union, and it is al
leged that* on June 27 ho got $21 to buy
supplies for the office of the union, but
failed to do so.
Failed to Buy Supplies.
REDDING. Oct. 21.— W. W. Wheeler,
superintendent of the Northern California
Power Company, this morning was found
gufity of contempt of court and sentenced
by Judge Head to pay a fine of 1250 or
serve 125 days in Jail. Acting on the ad
vice of his attorney. Wheeler had men set
up poles on certain lands in the face of an
injunction restraining the company from
«o doing.
Punished for Contempt of Court.
SAN MATEO. Oct. 21.— Negotiations ar»
pending for the transfer of the Hotel
Mateo property to a rich syndicate of
capitalists, who will . erect a mammoth
tourist hotel In this city. Two different
parties are trying: to close a deal for the
control of the property, one by purchaae,
the other by lease, both with the avowed
purpose of building a large, modern hotel
without delay.
The property is owned by Mrs. Mary
A. Lee, widow of the late John Lee, and
comprises upward of four acres, lying
within a block of the principal business
street. The improvements include six
cottages and a clubhouse. The price de
manded Is $65,000. It Is the game prop
erty upon which the Hotel Mateo, which
was burned last winter, formerly stood.
Two weeks aco Attorney Edward Gates
of the United Railroads and F. J. Me-
Williams of San Francisco brought Mrs.
Lee a letter from F. J. Chapman, super
intendent of the same company, and ne
gotiations began. While they were yet
under consideration Dr. George Shlels
of San Francisco, representing another
syndicate, announced that he desired to
leaee the property. Mrs. Lee would pre
fer tn lease it on account of her minor
children, but has not yet determined
which offer sha will accept.
If the railway company completes its
deal the management will, it is stated,
erect a hundred-room building to cost not
less than $100,000. On tne other hand, it
Is given out that the Shiels syndicate
will put up a much larger and more pre
tentious building, which will cater to the
wealthy tourist trade only. In either
event it is now conceded that this city
will soon have under way a hotel that
will be commensurate with its growing
Importance.
Rival Syndicates of San Francisco
Capitalists Are Negotiating for -
Its Transfer.
HOTEL MATEO PBOPERTY
MAY SOON CHANGE HANDS
The occasion will mark the final appear
ance In this city for the present season of
Miss Roberts,, as she will commence her
road tour almost immediately.'
All the accessories of stage lighting,
'costume and music are used x to heighten
the effect. •
The character Miss Roberts Imperson
ates Is that of a young poet who, alone In
his garret, overcome with starvation and
despair, listens to a voice outside offering
him "Power," "Glory" and "Love," but
his despair is too deep, too unutterable,
too complete; life's gifts no longer tempt
him, and It Is only when the mysterious
voice announces Itself as "Death" that
he rushes with a cry of Joy to unbar the
portals.
"Death" enters, the poet welcomes her
with ecstacy and in a final outburst of
passion sinks expiring at her feet.
A novel and artistic entertainment has
been arranged by Mrs. Birmingham and
Miss Genevteve Moroney at the Alcazar
for to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock.
It will be a dramatic-musical matinee and
wlU include Miss Florence Roberts. in the
dramatic portion, Mrs. Birmingham In a
group of songs, Mr. Wenzel Kopta. the
violinist; Theodore Mansfeldt, the cellist,
and Miss Moroney'as accompanist. Miss
Roberts will recite Henri Murger's poem,
"La Ballade Desespere," ' with dramatic
and illustrative music by the famous Bern
berg.
Dramatic-Musical Matinee.
The defendants are all graduates of the
San Francisco Dental College, which is
amalgamated with the California Medical
College, and members of the Dental Pro
tective Association, of which F. A. Ply.
mire is president. This association will
test the. constitutionality of the act ap
pointing the State board, and Attorneys
Boynton, Peck and Brandon have been en
gaged to look after their interests. A test
case will b*t made. The defendants were
released on $25 cash bail each.
C. C. Hamilton, assistant secretary of
the State Board of Dental Examiners,
swore to warrants before Police Judge
Fritz yesterday for the arrest of Valde
mar Cavalskey, 246 Sixth street; M. H.
Schord. 599 McAllister street; Y. Oya, 407
Post street; L- M. Lalb. 556 Sutter street,
and O. B. Hewitt. 204 Sutter street, for
practicing dentistry without a license.
Hamilton says there will be about thirty
arrests altogether.
Five Members of the Profession Ar
rested for Practicing "Without
License.
WILL TEST LEGALITY
OF NEW DENTAL ACT
The anxiety of Alexander W. Weil, the
liquor merchant of 1315 Front street, to
escape Jury duty In Judge Hunt's court
cost him $10 yesterday. Shortly before
he was called to be examined as to his
fitness fo gerve he whispered to Attorney
F. I. Kingsley that he did not want to
serve. He was challenged by Kingsley
a few minutes later and escaped service.
Judge Hunt was evidently suspicious, for
he would not allow him to leave the
courtroom and when in response to the
court's question Kingsley admitted that
Well had asked him to challenge him
Judge Hunt promptly adjudged Weil
guilty of contempt and fine'd him $10.
Weil attempted to excuse his conduct,
but the court would not listen to him. tell
ing him that if he persisted in trying to
explain another fine would probably fol
low.
Efforts of Alexander Weil to E^vade
Jury Dnty Cost Him Ten
Dollars.
Major Devol, general superintendent of
the transport service, says that the
troopships will in the future stop at
Honolulu and at Guam on every trip
to the Orient and that a stop will be
made at the first-named city on each re
turn voyage. Some of the boats may also
call at Nagasaki to coal.
Issues Order* for Transports.
JUDGE HUNT FINES LIQXTOB
MERCHANT FOR CONTEMPT
He claims he was the lowest bidder, but
was 'refused the contract because he
could not furnish "Sterling bond" paper,
the kind required by the registrar in his
proposals. This paper, ho saya. Is fur
nished by only one house, and is not sold
to middlemen, and in consequence bidders,
though they can furnish an equally good
article, cannot successfully compete for
printing.
In a complaint filed yesterday* by James
A. Brien he asks for an Injunction re
straining the Board of Election Commis
sioners from awarding the contract for
printing 100,000 registration affidavits to
a certain bidder.
Claims His Bid .Was Lowest.
Jacob and Herman Eppinger will ap
pear before Judge Lawlor on November
7 to plead, and Gibson says he is now
fully prepared with "all the evidence far
the prcsecution.
The cases contained about 1500 empty
sacks, each being tagged, sealed and
signed by all those who were engaged
in the work. .All that was left of the
38,000 tons of No. 1 wheat which, it is al
leged, should have been stored in the
warehouses was 4400 tons, which was sold
by Henry Wadsworth, the receiver, fox
$100,000. The 1500 sacks contained wheat,
screenings and chicken feed, the rest hav
ing been in bulk.
Gibson was put on the case on June 12,
and after working on it some time till
Jacob' and' Herman Eppinger were in
dicted by the Grand Jury he went to
Port Costa, where he has spent most of
his time since the indictments were pro
cured. He- haa been constantly there for
the last threo weeks. Gibson says he
has been ably assisted in his work of
unraveling the tangle,' of the firm's af
fairs at Port Costa by Detective Bell of
Morse's agency and Constable Moiles of
that town.
Detective T. B. Gibson has c Aluded
his work at the. warehouses of Epplnger
Bros, at Port Costa and yesterday two
large , cases containing a portion j of the
evidence against Jacob and Herman Ep
pinger. indicted for obtaining money by
false pretenses, were delivered at the
property clerk's office at the Hall of
Justice-
The report of the City Architect for
September was filed and shows that per
mits for 108 new buildings, aggregating
a cost of J7S8.6S0, and for thirty-three al
terations costing SS7.600 were issued. The
fees collected amounted to 11134.
Edward^ J. Coffey was appointed fore
man of street cleaning at $4 per daj: T.
J. Carter, plumber, at $5 per day, and
E. W. Boland. clerk In the architect's
office, at S100 per month.
The acceptance of Cumberland street,
between Guerrero and Dolores, was de
ferred because complaints have been
made regarding the character of the work.
The board overruled a protest against
the building of a sewer in South Park
and Center place on the report of the
City Engineer that the streets named are
public.
The board formally adopted the resolu
tion serving notices on R. Hermann and
the . Presidio Railway Company to re
move within ten days certain obstructions
on Lyon street from Beach street to the
bay. It is the Intention to open Lyon
street along the easterly line of the Pre
sidio and if the obstructions are not re
moved the board will tear them down.
The board adopted the recommendations
of the City Engineer changing grades
along the bay shore route for which a
franchise has been granted to the South
era Pacific Company. The proposed
changes differ in some respects from those
previously filed, owing to a number of
changes in the project which have been
made from time to time. The. streets on
which the grades will be changed Include
Seventh, Mississippi, Marlposa, Pennsyl
vania, Twenty-second, Twenty-third,
Iowa, Army. Q and Fourth, Fifth, Sixth,
Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh,
Twelfth, Thirteenth. Fourteenth and Fif
teenth avenues. South, and Paul. Visita
cion and Sunnydale avenues.
The Board of Public A^rks yesterday
decided to communicate with the Board
of Supervisors relative to a "complaint
made by George Renner, manager of the
Draymen's Association, that the United
Railroads is failing to keep In repair its
portion of certain streets adjacent to the
car tracks. Renner alleged that the fol
lowing named streets were in bad condi
tion in the portions along the tracks:
Market street fromJ^^nsome to the fer
ries; Kearny street., from Market to
Broadway; Bush street from Kearnv to
Montgomery avenue; Montgomery avenue
from Washington to Union streets; Sac
ramento street from Sansome to Front.
Loughery's motion that the pound be
intrusted to the Police Department was
seconded by McCleilan, tmt it was de
cided to postpone action until next Wed
nesday at 2 p. m., to give Irwin an op
portunity to submit his financial report.
G. Gunzendorfer, attorney for Irwin, ob
jected to the intention of the Pacific Hu
mane Society to present evidence regard
ing a financial statement to be filed by
the poundkeeper, claiming that sworn
charges had not been made. Branden
stein said that large stock were not be
ing impounded by Irwln and there was
evidence that the pound Is Inadequately
handled.
Wilson objected to the pound being load
ed on the Police Department and It should
be first ascertained if the plan had worked
well in other cities.
John Partridge, president of the Society
for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals,
aaid he hud no objection to the police
managing the pound, although his society
has offered to resume its former manage
ment of th« pound.
Police Commissioner Howell thought the
department could handle the pound by
placing a ranking officer in charge and
such other men as would be necessary.
Brandenstein held that the Mayor derived
his power to appoint a poundkeeper from
an ordinance of the Board of Supervisors,
which could be rescinded if the board so
decided.
"It strikes me that the pound is a mat
ter for public supervision," eaid Branden
stein. "If it is found that the plan does
not work well other arrangements could
be made."
The joint Supervisors' Committee on
Finance. Streets and Police yesterday con
sidered the 'advisability of taking the
management of the public < pound from
H. O. Irwln, the Mayor's appointee, and
placing it under the control of the Police
Commission.
Chief of PoHce Wittman said he knew
of no objection to the Police Department
taking charge of the public pound, ex
cept that it would entail additional work.
Chairman Branden»t«in said an additional
appropriation of $6000 yearly would be al
lowed for the purpose.
Mrs. Monsen said she was complimented
by several of the members of the Tuesday
Club on her handling of the subject and
familiarity with Ibsen's leading charac
ters, and she could not understand how
any ¦ dissatisfaction 6hould be expressed.
Some of the members of the club say
thpre are other members who incline
more to such stories as "Lovey Mary"
a?id, "Mrs. "VViggs of the Cabbage Patch"
than to Ibsen and other deep authors, but
that they should have found out what the
lecture was likely to be before they at
tended. While a number of the club
probably enjoyed the Ibsen readings, It is
said that a majority probably caxe much
more for the talks on Mexico at last
week's meetings, with the refreshments,
such as Tamales and Spanish beans,
which contributed to giving a distinctive
ly. Mexican flavor to the event.
lecture wa« too long, but Ibsen does not
stand cutting and I like to give the
soenes much in their entirety as I can.
I was not conscious of being late at the
lecture, because 1 had luncheon with a
member and she said she would be re
sponsible for getting me to the parish
house on time."
came altogether from tne Tuesday Club.
I have never had such another experience
as this in my life. I have appeared be
fore literary clubs all over the country,
and the California Club has expressed Its
pleasure at my readings of the great Nor
wegian author, whose pupil I was, as I
«as also of Bjornson. I will admit my
That cut to the quick. She said she sup
posed the members of the Tuesday Club
*»re a cultured body of literary women
and she had looked forward to her ap-
Infarance In Sacramento.
'I did not seek the enga^rement to read
her*. ' said Mrs. Monsen. "The overtures
Should the Tuesday Club develop later
an interest in the Norwegian author It is
not likely that Mrs. Monsen will consent
to gratify it. When seen to-day Mrs.
Monsen was not angry, but running
through her remarks was a mild irony
Mtorary organizations of the country. But.
y*u know. Ibsen is rather ¦peculiar, and
!t is possible a good many of our mem
bers were disappointed because they don't
appreciate him."
"I am afraid." said one of the members
ct the Tuesday Club to-day, "that the
women of the Tuesday Club, and more
especially tfce newer members, did not
know much about Ibsen, and so were not
in a position to appreciate Mrs. Monsen's
readings of the 'Doll House.' But she did
FP»-ek very low and with a decided for
eign accent, and it was difficult to com
prehend her. Mrs. Mor.sen came to us
highly recommended by the California
Club of San Francisco, one of the leading
The Tuesday Club is made up of pome
STO of th» well known women of Sacra
mento, and is regarded as the leading
Utrrary organization of Northern CaJi
fornla. Last week It opened its winter
series of weekly meetings with a "Mex
ican day," in which tamales and beans
Spanl&h went a Ions' way to compensate
those whose tastes for the literary fea
iure* had not been fully cultivated. It
*ap announced that on Tuesday ot this
wr-fk rtadings from Ibsen by & noted
pupil of the great Norwegian dramatist
svould be the attraction, and the women
of fashion filled St. Paul's Parish-house
to- the very doors. The lecture was de
livered by Mrs. Monsen Just as Bhe had
delivered It to the California Club and
other large organizations of women, and
the literary cult of Sacramento has be«n
in a ferment ever Bince.
Mrs. Monson <ju*ered heraelf In the Grrt
ptao* by bdnr late: in the second place by
ieavln« her maauncript at home. She gave a
whisper lecture and the audience was on a
tension all the time trying to hear her, bat
not beinj supplied with ear trumpets it wu
impoasible. gome lonf-sufferlng people wtra
in at the fl&ish.
gACRAMENTO, Oct. 21.— "I supposed
# ihr membership of the Tuesday Club
were a cultured body of literary women,
and I looked forward to the opportunity
to appear before them. Either the Cali
fornia Club of San Francisco was wrong:
!n recommending m« or the Tuesday Club
'members are wrong: in criticising me."
These words were uttered to-day by
Fru Sophia Monsen. pupil of Henrtk Ib
fcen and of BJornstJerne BJorason, and
they were calkd forth^by a published
criticism credited to a member of the
Tuesday Club of Mrs. Monsen's readings
before the club yesterday afternoon from
Ibsen's "Doll House." In this criticism
the Tuesday Club member Is credited
with this language:
Special Difpatch to Tbe Call,
Two Cases of Empty Grain
Sacks Deposited With
Property* Clerk.
Says She Went to Sacramento
Expecting to Meet Liter
ary Women.
Commissioners Orders Ob
structions Removed'
in Ten Days.
Postpone Action to Receive
Irwin's Financial
Report.
Detective T. B. Gibson
Completes Work at I
Port Costa.
Supervisors Favor Put
ting It Under Police
Supervision.
Draymen's Association
Piles Complaint With
Works Board.
Pru Sophia Monsen Pays
Her Respect's to the
Tuesday Club.
WANTS STREETS
KEPT IN REPAIR
EVIDENCE AGAINST
THE EPPINGERS
STRIKES BACK
AT HER CRITICS
C IT Y MAY RUN
PUBLIC POUND
THE SA^T FB ANCISCO CAIili, THURSDAY, .OCTOBER 22, ,1903.
9
GBAPE-NTJTS.
OUT AGAIN
What Powerful Food Can Do.
It ia evidently a scientific and powerful
food that can take confirmed invalids oat
cf bed &r.d make them well again.
"After doctoring two years for terrible
stomach trouble I concluded that It vras
incurable." says a young woman of Fil-
morf, 11L "I was confined to my rooms
all the. time and expected to be an invalid
the rest of my life, having given up, all
hope of ever being well again, and yet I
recovered entirely and quickly by eating a
few' epoonfuls of Grape-Xuts food every
rfcal in place of the improper food that
¦had ruined my stomach.
.—An aunt recommended this food to me
so highly I finally decided that to be hon-
Yst to myself I should give it a fair trial
and the rt-gult has certainly been marvel-
ous. At the time I began eating Grape-
Nuts I weighed 105 pounds, but now I
weigh 159. a gain of 54 pounds. My
ftnength and activity are wonderful and I
have truly found the way to get well und
keep -well.
"As a strength giver for both mind and
body the action of the delicious food
Grape-Nuts is t>o quick and certain that
it seems like a miracle." Name given by
Pcstum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
There is no miracle about it.
There's a reason.
Lflok in *>af h package for a copy of the
[ a ™°» S liltIe book * " Th c Roa d to Well-
AMUSEMENTS.
THIS WEEK AND NEXT WEEK.
Kvery NlKht. Including . Sunday,
MATINEES SATURDAY ONLY.
Initial Appearance Here of
Robert Edeson
(Management Henry B. Harris.) -
In Richard Harding PavU*
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE.
Stax* Version by Augustus Tboma».
Seats for Second and Last Week Now Ready. |
NATE! O n © .week from to-day
nUl C I seats will be ready fop
,"THE STORKS"
GRAN'DSZSU
Four Weeks— NOVcMBEB 2d to 28th.
Matlrees Wed. and Sat. Each Week.
SALE OF SEATS OPENS
THURSDAY, October 29, at 9 a. m.
KLAW.& ERLANGER'S
Stupendous Production of General Wallace's
BEN HUE
Dramatized by William Younr,
Music by Edgar Stlllman KelJe.y.
35<X— Persons in Production— 315 O
No seats laid aside before opening sale.
PRICES— $2. Jl 50, $1 and T8e.
Country . and Suburban mall orders I with re-
mittances filled in order received after sala
opens.
f NOTE^— Pertorrnancea begin at S sharp; Sat-
urday rnatlnee at 2 sharp.
• ; TO-anQHT
Saturday Matinee and Sunday Night.
, . Giordano's Masterpiece,
"ANDRE CHENIER/'
Friday and Saturday Night*. 0
, rueclnl'e Great Modern Opera,
"LA BOHEME."
Next Week— "The Masked Ball" and
¦¦•• • ' •. • "Andre Chenler.V • • •.
Prices aa Usual....; ....25c, 60c.,T5<5
Telephone Buah 9.
! Market St., Near Eighth. Pton» South 833.
TO-NIGHT— ALli THIS WEEK.
! MATINEES SATUfcDAY. AND SUNDAY.
Immense Success Of the Famous Border Drama.
"RANCBIO."
The DistiruruIsheJ' Actor.
L. R.STOCKWEUU
: In the Bole of JUDGE PROSE.
anircc Evenings. '.. . ... ...^Oa to 6^
rmtCO Matinee*...; ......10c 13o, 25c
Week- of Oetober 26, Mammoth . Production
of "UNCa^E TOM' 8 CABIN.^
HOW ; THEY SWARM IN. SAME BIG
CROWDS. SAME TREMENDOUS
;,;;;,; V ENTHUSIASM. : ¦ J-
| TH EyP, AW J\ D B R S-T7|
• Our "AlUStai'.' C*»t.^ Includln«
koLB AND DILL, .
BARNEY, BERNARD. .
WINFIELD BLAKE.
: HARRY HERMSEN. ' -
MAUDE AMBER,
-GEORGIA ORAMEY. .
: RESERVED \ SEATS— Nights. 25c.\ 60c and
75c.' - Saturday / and Simday Matinees. 25c and
SOc. Children at.Matlneos.' 10c and .'25c. ; ¦¦
Next— ','RUBES - AND " ROSES." : .
AMUSEMENTS.
7*AIjIFOENIA!
1 ¦ ST MORE POPULAR ]E3.
\f I THAN EVER.- (©»
' TO-MORROW NIGHT. -^
SPECIAIi— Dancing contest for coast
championship and purs?. Pickaninny
champions a&alntt all comtrs.
A F»»tar« WorSh Qjiac Kiltt to 8m.
" IIN OLO
KENTUCKY,
j-SS Sunday." Mason and Mason In **,
III II "Rudolph and Adolph." IbLTJ
XHEATRy
A VAUDEVILLE CARNIVAL
Waterbury Brothers and Tenney;
Whistling Tom Browne; Herbert
Lloyd, Sssisted by Lillian Lil-
yan and New Motion Pictures.
. Last times of Colombino; Sisters
Bappo; Three Crane Brothers;
Wallace Brownlow; A. P. Bostow
and the Golden Gate Quartet and
Fanny Winfred.
Reserved Seats. 2$c!Balcony 10c
Box Seats and Opera Chair*. 50c
SRANDSSBii
MATINEES
TCK-DAY AND SATURDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS:
THE
CHRISTIAN
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
THK MUSICAL. FARCE-COMEDY
SPOTLESS TOWN
PRICES— Evenings., I5c, 2Se, 50c. 75c
Matinees .l.y. 25c. SOo
Hiih-C'.aas Specialties Every After*
noon and Evening fn the Theatre.
¦ — —TO-NIGHT—
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
—Concluding WJthr— : .
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
C CLOSES B1BT IN THI INFANT INCCBiTOa
VISIT THE— —
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
AUM leSION. . . . . .10c I CHILDREN....... ..5e
MEBALL !
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK. '
i EIGHTH AND HARRISON —
CBAHPIONSBir 6AHES.
TirURSDAT AND FRIDAT. S P. M.; SAT-
URDAY, 3 P. M.
SUNDAY. ;:'. ... . . . .2:S0 ; P. M.
OAKLAND vs. SACRAMENTO.
INDIES' DATS THURSDAY AND FRIDAT.
' Advance . Sale. " 5 Stockton" St."
Weak Men pd^Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN A BITTERS. THE
Great I Mexican Recnedr : frtres health and
1 strength to sexual organs. Depot," 323 Market.
PATTOSIEN'S
• • ¦ ON 1 nb . . •
CARPET QUESTION
MftHE GREAT MISSION STORE has an object in speaking on the Carpet
1 Question. We want to convince you— to impress on your mind —
- A that Pattoslen Co. sells all kinds of floor coverings at from 15c to
. 35c CHEAPER per yard than the downtown stores of the combine.
.;_" :'; All we ask you to do Is to compare prices. .
We believe that when our store sells goods at figures so far below com-
petitors, Its name should be brought before EVERYBODY to prove that Pat-
toslen Co. WILL NOT- take advantage of the public when it could do so in
the shadow of the combine's high prices.
SAVONNERIE AXMINSTERS in floral and Oriental DOUBLE WIDTH WILT ON VELVETS. Another re-
designs— -very latest from style centers. This carpet liable make in t!« latest attractions of Caroetdom.
sells rapidly on account of its soft rich appearance. The designs run mostly in the ORIENTAL.. This
The designs are well • adapted for parlor carpet, on account of being 4 ft. 6 in. wide, is cspe-
or bedroofn. With the combine charging . dally adapted for halls, stairs, library and dinine-
91.75 per yard— Pattosi«n sell* at..... 5>l.45 room. Sells downtown lor $1.90 per yard - n
(single width). Our price. A .
SMITHS AXMINSTERS. A pretty, serviceable BIGLOW AND LOWELL BODY BRUSSELS. This
carpet of entirely new patterns and beautiful shades. well known and reliable carpet we make in over 30
This, make is especially a parlor carpet. « ft patterns and colorings. Suitable for parlors, library,
Combine price $1.35. Pattosicn's halls and stairs. The combine has asrreed --
¦¦•¦¦¦¦¦.¦ to charge $1.65 for this carpet. We sell for v»-***>
, J A nfr T^ Y BRUS^, EL f' Ju . st rc . ce ' ved lnvoi " of BICLOW LOWELL AXMIMSTERS In soft rich floral
£?« ?Sn! an Ti XC S gradc ° u Ve u tTV ( ? rUS " *» d Oriental designs, with or without bor- C| «-
sels Carpets. The patterns, nm in all the fashion- ders Choice lots * This store scll% at $|.65
able colors. Th.s carpet : is .also made m hall de- _ n Carpet Trust price. $2.00. '-£&
signs with stairs to match. Our once /VC * >v
Installment house, price 90c, . SUPERIOR INGRAINS, Just the thine to carpet a
flat. All the pleasing colors in floral and plain
COTTAGE CARPETS. This will do away with thi designs— agra weave, best full weight wool, at_^
mattinsr. A product of cotton ' weave with all the
pretty designs and colors of a high-priced «<- Another good make that sells at 70c at the --
carpet . , combine stores— Mission price , *»DC
ENGLISH AND AMERICAN LINOLEUMS
English Lfinoleum in patterns of tiling and floral design, usually found in more expensive et%
goods. 6 ft. wide. Sold, square yard ,.. OUC
63c and 70c at the combine stores.
1. a ft. wide English Linoleum-~-wide enough to cover your kitchen without a «- . __
seam. Downtown 80c and $1.00. Out here bOC 311(1 750
Inlaid Linoleum of unusually attractive tile patterns and effects of wood flooring. Best quality
on the market-— costs $*.oa at the town stores. Pattoaien's, sauare yard OI -_
¦ - 0I.40
¦ %A Anp 1 1 F> niipc
¦ * irlAUOvIr IfUllo
We've done an enormous business lately— carpets have been selling very fast and left rem-
nants on our hands. These were made up into rugs of various sizes and styles.
The prices are way down — just for material and labor. This is one of Pattosien's methods
of making friends. '
8:3x10:6 Body Brussels. ?2(M>0 9x12 Wilton Velvet ..9-7.50 8:3x10:6 Body Brussels .$17,00
8:3x10:3 Axminsters ....f 20,00 8:3x10:8 Stinson Tapestry..* 17.50 8:3x9:8 Ax minsters JJUO.OO
8:3x9:7 Tapestry ...$ll.OO 8:3x10x5 Tapestry ?1«.OO 8:3x10:3 Body Brussels. .$22.50
8:3x10:6 Velvets ........920.00. 8:3x10:6 Stinson's Tapestry.* 1O.OO 8:3x10:6 Tapestry 911.SO
8:8x13 Wilton Velvet. . .$Sa.5O 8:1x10:5 Tapestry $11.5O 8:3x8:3 Stinson'sTapestry*14.00
FURM&HltSG FLATS TT| A f* f\ MAM, ORpERS
Is one of our specialties. We |//| 1 9 I 1^1 IP W 1 § 1 w » snpply an enormous
aw thvpm* to make it coxy ][ Ml l!»iJlLI| WVfo country tr»a». EyerybodyU
and homelike. On ««eoimt of * > A * X A 7^ 1^ 1 y VVO n «ta*£ b«*«u. w» ta.%r k.w u
wduetioM ytmr eaTiagr will ba , . iT , WM .j wbu llk ft ,_
s mt SIXTEENTH and.MISSIONS TS. »m.»if y » ».„>.:..
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR ™—r
General Managar.
"THE BEST STOCK COMPANY
EVER AT THE ALCAZAR"- CALL.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
ENORMOUS HIT— UKEAT CROWDS !
CTHE "^»"
OliUBO -t
AEd T AHV ClyLFitaV.
The, L/AU I cadj-oiM*
Evg-.. 25c to 73c: Hats. Sat. ft Sun., 13c to SOc.
-Next Monday — The Dram* ot Romanes.
UNDER THE RED ROBE.
LYRIC HALL,
lift EDDY STREET.
Otto Spamer
i VIOLINIST.
TWO CONCERTS.
SATUBDAY (Uaticee), Oct. 24, 3 p.m.
Assisted by
MBS. M. S. BLAISTCHASS,
MBS. Xi. SSISZB JGH2TSO2T anA
KB. rXEDEBXCaC MATJBER.
Prices of Seats— SOc. $1. f 1 50. At KohUr *
Chase's n«w stor«. com«r Ktarny and Post »ti.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSE21.ENT3u
BOX OFFICE NOW i\i TCJC*
OPEN FOR - - - UUOd
And His Metropolitan Opera-Housa Orchestra
of to.
'With MADAME NORDICA
mrs, katharinb fisk.
MR. NATHAN FRASKO.
CONCEKTS AT AT.HAMBUA THXATS9
Evenings Oct. 27-29. Matinee Oct. 2H-M.
PRICES— *3. $3. $1 ; Bos Seats. $3 BO and »t
Wednesday. "Pop" Matin«« — 50c to %3- -
OAKLAND, WEDNESDAY NIGHT. OCT. 2Sti.
. With NORDICA.
Next— ELLERY'S ITALIAN BANP.
PfliarA DON'T FAIL TO
laiaWW KC the b«aottfnJ
1 COURT Lounging
ft fl fl «• oom - the EM PIRS
aUil PARLOR, th«
r j PALM ROOM, th«
JlTflfld louis xv par-
ui aim LOR and thc jjg
n , i DIES* WRITIN0
Hotels u -
TUSCAN giWsSk
Open tb« >«ar rounu. A Li, c.-\dKa os*
RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND BLOOD DIS-
EASES TAKEN UNDER A GUARANTEE TO
CURE IN FROM TWO TO THREE MONTHS*
TIME OR ALL. EXPENSES. INCLUDINO
RAILROAD FARES BOTH WAYS. RE-
FUNDED. Kidney troubles. Dropsy. Diabetes.
Ston* In tha Kidney or Bladder. Catarrh of tn*
Bladder, Cystitis. Disease* or the Genito-Un-
nary Orsans. Delicate Women. 8kia Diseases.
Scrofula and General Debility are- treated with
pre-eminent success. Any casa of Malaria
cured ia trem ton day* to two weaks. Naver
a failure known. •
Amcog the thousands of cases that have been
treated her* tn th« last 13 years tber* has
never been a DEATH. Send SOc (or a bottle ot
Catarrh Salts and saoipl* of - Matal Polish.
Products ot Tuscan Spring*. Round-trip tickets
at reduced rates. Inquire of any Southern Pa-
cific Railroad agent. TUSCAN MINERAL.
SPRINGS CORP.. Tuscan Springs, CJU. ,
FRANK J. HCLEN. Manager.
ACUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALli YEAR ROIWD. Natural hot
sulphur sprints, temperature 115 d«$r««a. No
staciiur. Fare 91 1Q. Sure care for rtwuma.
turn, asthma, kidney aad irver troubles. Tub
and. hot plunge baths. Th» lar«»st mineral
¦water swtniroinr tank rn tb* 8ta f .». Compe-
tent lady and gentlemen masseurs; swimming
teacher. Sseeiai rate* from now on. Peck's,
11 Montgomery st. THEODOP. RICHARDS.
Arua Caliente. Sonoma County. ¦ L " '?«-¦*
WEEKLY CALV$1.00 PER YEAS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WOlEN
Arc Kept Off 'the
Operating Table by j
EJectrp^Chemlstry.
MRS. MARY RIVEST.
822 rorty-fourth Street, Oakland.
Mr«. Rivest laye: "A bout. one year ago I
was taken with a severe attack of rheumatism.
I was confined to my bed for five months. My
left leg became paralyzed and there was no
circulation of blood In It.
"My physicians were afraid of gangrene and
advised cutting off the leg. I don"t believe I i
could have lived through the operation and be-
fore submitting to it I decided to try th« Elec- ;
tro-Chemic treatment. Electro-Chemistry has !
cured nw; It has- kept me off the operating: '
table, and I am duly thankful and am glad to !
make thl3 public acknowledgment of my cure." j
'- CONSULTATION K- r* or- g-
and rifrr
X-RAY EXAMINATION I11LL
Specialties — Consumption, Catarrh,
Bronchitis, Aatnma, cancers, Tumors,
Deafness, Head and Ear Noises, Rheu-
matism, Paralysis, Heuralffia, Piles, Dis-
eases of the Stomach, Liver, Kidneys aad
Bowels, Special Diseases of Men and
Women. All Chronic Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT— If you live at a dis-
tance, try to come- for a personal examination.
If you can't come, write for instruction* for
home examination and treatment.
: ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE,
118 OEAWT AVE, Cor. Post St.,
SAN FBANCISCO.
Office Hourr— 0 a. m..to 5 d. m. and 7. to 8;
p. m. datly; Sundays, 10 a; m. to 1 p. m. ¦ :
Separata apartments for ladles and gentleman.
Always Remember the Full .Name
lajg^ve gromo Qr^mne
CurcS a Cold in One Day, Grip in 2 Days
(O. jfcj&far&V?%*0bax.2Sc
sug^^&x* MENANDWOMEft.
*$8£^CCT£eS*"«5I Uie Big O for unnatural
MSY in i is 6 d*n^B ditehargeB.inflaiumationt.
Mti&B Qiirinucd 11 irritationi or ulcnr&tioni
H«K¥ c*t to •trlotar*. " of in u co as membranes.
B» <1 PnTcau Co«t»«u«. Palnlesi, and not aitrin*
CBT&THE E mws CHEMICALCO. gent or poitonotu.
VfA C!KClNIUTI.O.gg!a «•»« *r DrorelsU.
p. s. *. Jan 0T ** nt ln * laln w r»w>« r »
JrclnSkw by «xpre«§, prepaid, for
?C¥BHRKX5n| '•1.00. or 3 bottles 12.78. '
<~ T^BB^^Vw; 1 / , Circular sent on nvieiW
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE V HOUSES, j
Catalogue and * Pried Lists Mallei
J;~ on Application.
'¦,¦>¦ PKESH AND SAX.T MEATS;
liC RAVCC * P(\" ShlPP'ns Butchers. 10*
J Ap. DU I CO Ok tU. Clay. Tel. Main 12S*.
¦ ¦-.¦ : :':;'¦—.: OILS. ,, : : V -.¦ y. ¦ \ ¦. .;
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front «t.', S. K.!S Phone . Main 1719.
-.;>.:-¦'¦ .VBOXTOXd. \ V;. .¦¦.._; - . ¦
E. C. HUGHES, ' 511 Sansome at... S. F. 'THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
Phoenix handicap: .
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
II to 1Q— Wltfull, 106 (Bonner).... 14 14
7 to 1— Incubator, 115 (Ferrell).. 8 2 2 nk
8 to 1— Alfredo, 102 (Davlsson).. 7 6 3 nk
Time, 1 :44 4-5. Start good. Won pulled up.
Winner, S. C. Hlldreth's ch. f. by Mirthful-
Response. Big Ben 102, Bondage 102, Lura
llghter 103, Gilfain 95, Topsoll 95, Gregor K
108, also ran.
SECOND RACD— Six rurlonffs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
80 to 1— The Stewardess. 105 (Phps) 1 4 1 h
80 to 1— Carfwellton, 104 (Hall)... 6 1 2n I
6 to JV— Belle Mahone. 101 (Pollak) 7 5 S h
Time, 1 :13 8-5. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. C. A- Johnson & Co.'s b. t. by Aloha-
Mrs, Stuart. Mary MeCafferty .95. Paul Wha
ley 105, Xabockllsh 103, Mlram W 95, also ran.
Time. 1:13 3-5. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, Boots & Hollenbeck'a b. o. by Satsuma-
Catherine I. GeneraJ Steward 92. Delemont
92. Louis Kraft 100, La Chaperon* 101, Volla
104, also ran. , , „ . j —
Big Ben set all the pace to the stretch
turn, where Bonner let Wltfull have her
head, and. coming. away fast, she crossed
the line pulled up.
The track was as hard as aspha.lt,
which accounts for the fast time. The
weather was Ideal, drawing out one of
the largest midweek day crowds of the
meeting.
Mayor Harrison to-day gave notice of
his Intention to stop all forms of race
course gambling and to proceed against
the handbook evil through the revocation
of licenses of all saloons in which that
form of betting Is permitted. The in
formation upon which the Mayor will act
Is being collected by secret service men.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — Eix furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
Even— S&netomo, 103 (Williams). 8 111
15 to 1— Wreath Ivy. 105 (Wondly) 6 4 2 H
13 to 1— Ralph Young. 101 (Pollak) 7 8 3 n
CHICAGO. Oct. a.— Wltfull set another
track record for Worth track when she
annexed the Phoenix handicap, at a mile
and a sixteenth, to-day, covering the dis
tance In 1:44 4-5, which Is within one
fifth of a second of the world's record.
Wltfull was coupled In the betting with
Topao'l as the Hildreth entry, and was
backed from 5 to 2 to 11 to 10. The handi
cap was worth $2370 to the winner, and
it was one of the heaviest betting events
of the day. Owing to the clever adjust
ment of the weights, every horse was
given a chance, and each had a following.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Unmasked and Reliance, Both
Heavily Backed, Annex
Brackets.
Hildreth's Filly Wins Past
Race at Worth With
Great Ease.
Beats Salvatella in a
Fierce Drive at
Brighton.
Mile and a Sixteenth in
l : 44 4-5 in Phoenix
Handicap..
EUGENIA BURCH
FIRST TO WIRE
WITFULL HOLDS
TRACK RECORD
.SANTA ROSA, Oct. . Zl.— John C. Pfinrjston.
a well-known farmer ' cf Gold • Ridge section,
was thrown from his wagon last night while
haullr.gr grain and was not. round until- this
morning-. Passers-by picked htm up on the
roadside and started to take him home, but he
died, before reaching there. He 'was a member
of the Grand Army of the Republic and 'was
about 60 years old. JmM&B&B&SBSB
The Cvcle Board of Trade will enter
tain the wheelmen at a clam .bake next
Sunday. The start will be made from
Union Square at 10:30 a. m. The destina
tion r will be kept a secret until the last
moment. It .will be nearly an hour's ride
from . this city. It Is expected at least
700 riders will participate. • ¦
Union Bun of Wheelmen.
Rowing men will meet at Native Sons*
Hall to-night In numbers to pay substan
tial tribute to the memory of the late
William H. Thomas, for many years cap
tain of the South End Boat Club. There
will be an interesting, programme of lit
erary and musical numbers, to be fol
lowed by a dance. The affair will be . a
benefit for'the widow of the man who did
so much for boating on this bay.
Many Oarsmen Will Meet.
Dog Bite Causes Suit.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21.— Gerhome Ostran
der has brought a $10,200 damage suit
against Antone Pinheiro Gulaxte of
Warm Springs on account of a dog biteu
Ostrander claims that Gularte's dog bit
him and inflicted serious injury. He al
leges also that the vicious nature of his
dog was known to Gularte. The suffering
and medical attention, he states, ars
worth fully the amount sued for.
Suspend Operations on tho Bam.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. ZL — After having
expended many thousands of dollars in
the construction of a dam "on Lagulnltas
Creek, the Marin County Water Company
has suspended operations. The dam was
situated at a point on the stream several
miles* from San Rafael, and when com
pleted would have cost C5.0CO. Scarcity
of water is attributed as the cause of the
discontinuance of the work.
s. It was subsequently learned that Hop
kins was short in his accounts with Vin
cent, and that when the shortage had
been discovered last Monday Hopkins ac
knowledged the shortage and had made
restitution to the' extent of what money
he had in bank.
Careful search by the police has failed
to reveal the whereabouts of Hopkins,
and while some are Inclined to think' that
he has fled from the city, others are firm
in thpir belief that he brooded over the
knowledge that he had been discovered
taking funds that did not. belong to him
and decided to end his trouble by suicide.
There was another letter instructing the
landlady what to do with his personal ef
fects, and still another directed to Leon
V. Shaw of Vallejo, inclosing his resig
nation as an officer of .the State Chris
tian Endeavor Union.
I SA*** DIEGO, Oct. 21.— Fletcher 9. Hop
kins, a young man of this city, prominent
in local Christian Endeavor work and an
officer of the , State Christian Endeavor
Union, being chairman of the department
having, charge of the - work among . the
sailors, is missing under 'circumstances'
that indicate that he may have commit
ted suicide. Tuesday night he said that
he was going to the lodgeroom of the
Odd Fellows to take an additional degree,
but he did not reach there. This morn
ing M. A. Vincent, a groceryman, for
whom Hopkins had been working, found
a letter with $3 in gold In it at the store.
The letter announced that the money was
all that Hopkins had and that it belonged
more to Vincent than to himself. An ex
amination of. Hopkins' room showed that
all of his personal effects were there and
that he had left a note bidding good-by
to his friends and thanking them for past
kindnesses. ,-
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Deceased was a native of Oakland.' aged
23 years. Upon direction of Coroner Le
land the relatives were allowed to remove
the body to an undertaking establishment.
Rose King, a comely colored aomestlc
24 'years of age, in the employ of C. W.
Gould, 1713 Green street, was found life
less in the laundry room of the house yes
terday afternoon. A gas tube, one end of
which was affixed to an open gas jet and
the other in the mouth of the deceased,
testified to tha cause of death. Helen
Gould, a daughter of C. W. Gould, upon
her return from school was unable to
gain an entrance to the bouse and. be
coming alarmed, repaired to her father's
store at 314 Washington street. In com
pany with her parent she returned to tha
house. Aftt»r a door had been forcea an
Investigation was made and the body dis
covered. Deceased had been employed by
Mr. Gould for two years, but he is un
able to assign a cause for the rash act.
H. W. Kirske. a friend of the Vogels,
is of the opinion that the dead woman
was slightly demented, as* she had been
acting in a peculiar manner, but this Is
denied bV the husband.
Two women afflicted with suicidal mania
ended their lives yesterday, one by send
ing a bullet into bar brain, the other by
the Inhalation of illuminating gas.
The dead body of Mrs. Lizzie Vogel.
wife of Morris Vogel, a cloak maker, was
found soon after 4 o'clock yesterday aft
ernoon bv a driver for Cerclat & Co.'s
French laundry, who called at the house,
70S Gough street, to. deliver a bundle. The
laundryman, receiving no response to re
peated knockinsrs, opened the door and
was horrified to find Mrs. Vogel lying on
a lounge dead, with a gaping bullet ho la
over the right temple. A 3S-caliber re
volver of cheap manufacture was clutched
tightly in her right hand.
The police and Coroner's office were at
once notified and an investigation was
made. The case was clearly one of sui
cide, but a search of the rooms failed to
bring to light any farewell message that
would tend to cast any light on the trag
edy. ,
Morris Vogel, the husband of the dead
woman, who is in the employ of Kragen
& Baumgarten, 463 Mission street, stated
that he had last seen his wife alive at
noon and at that time she seemed to be
content and happy. There were no do
mestic difficulties and the couple dwelt
happily together.
Prominent Young Man
of San Diego Short
in Accounts.
One Uses Pistol and the
Other Deadly
TWO WOMEN END
THEIR EXISTENCE
When Billy Roche, who Is In thla city
with Seiger, beard of the good showing
made by Callaghan he challenged Han-
Ion on his behalf. Callaghan weighs less
than 130 pounds, but he Is willing to fight
Hanlon at that weight.
Although Corbett forced the fighting at
all times, Callahan had the better of the
first four rounds. Corbett had much dif
ficulty In landing. Nearly every tiro* h«
went after Callahan the latter would meet
him with a straight left or a righthand
uppercut. In the third round Callahan
made Corbet t's nose bleed.
There was no choice between tha men
in the fifth round, which was stubbornly
fought. The sixth, however, was all Cor
bett's. Callahan slipped and as ho was
regaining his feet Corbett struck him a
terrific blow on the Jugular, which almost
knocked him out. From then to the end
of the round Corbett rained blows on his
groggy opponent, but failed to knock
him out.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 21. — Champiox
"Young" Corbett and Tim Callahan, tha
latter of this city, fought six rounds to
night at the National Athletic Club, In
which Corbett finally jjot the better of
the go, after a hard contest. The fight
ers were in excellent condition for the
tattle. .
ROBS EMPLOYER
AND IS CAUGHT
Regarding his failure to put • out Joe
Grim recently, lie eaid he knocked him
down, twenty-seven times. He could
have stopped him in the earlier stages of
ithe fight, but let him stay. He was then
Ufraid of hurting his bands, and the bout
went the full six rounds.
He is also casting about for a sparring
partner. If Jack Johnson, ' who fights
•McVey on Tuesday, is available he may
secure him.
Bob Fitzslramons, } accompanied by Ws
wife, and 5-year-old daughter, and a big:
white bulldog, arrived /yesterday from
the East. Fitz and . his party are gruests
at the Adams Hoj^t^
The ex-champion- was met by Louis
Metzger, Dick Adams and other friends.
To all of them he expressed the opinion
that he was never in better health, and
that he would round Into form rapidly
wltn training.
"I weigh 177 pounds now." said Fits.
"Gardner and I are to weigh in at 168 at
6 o'clock on the day of our fight. I
could get down fo that weight In two
days, if necessary. I will post my 11000
forfeit with Eddie Graney to-morrow. I
would do so to-night if I knew where he
could be* found. I wanted to fight
Gardner at 158 pounds for the ' middle
weight championship, winner to take all.
but he would not agree to that. I would
have made the weight, although few peo
ple think J could do so." " '
Fitz will decide upon training quarters
to-day.' He favors the ocean beach, and
has two locations In view. One of these
Is Sheehan's.
Earlier Rounds Are All in
' Favor of the Philadel
phia Fighter.
Is Only Pounds Ovefr
Weight and Will Lose
C^: This Soon.
Champion Has Callahan
Groggy at End of
Sixth.
Pitzsimmons Is Latest
Addition to Galaxy
of Stars.
BOXING COLONY
GROWS APACE
CORBETT EARNS
IE DECISION
SPORTS OF THE RUNNING AND TROTTING TURF, THE BASEBALL DIAMOND, THE FIELD AND THE PRIZE RING
CLEVELAND, , Oct. 2l/-> Orrin < Hickok,
f or Z many years one of < the best ; known
trainers ' and : drivers ;. of * famous "i horses,
wasxordered sent to the State .Hospital
for the Insane to-day by Probate Judge
Whit*.-- .¦ .-: ;-.'•¦. -...¦¦•- :"j. ¦-¦¦¦••¦....-.,::•
Orrin ¦ Hickok Adjudged ¦ Insane.
The Junior Champion stake, for young
greyhounds, will be run at Union Park on
November 1. ; ' :, . ~..;
St. Crolx vs. America: Lilac vs. Becktine:
Eagle vs. Mellinwood; Polncettia vs. Lord
Granard: FVee From Flaw vs. Wild • Norah-
Money Musk vs. Magic Stuff; Agitator " vs
Sempronius; lone Hill vs. Cecil ¦ M; , Tralee
Boy vs. Reno; Old Ironsides vs. Vandal; Rag
time vs. Pepper Hill; Mickey. Free vs. My Bon
nie King; Thelma- vs." Harvey. M;-Miss-Pen
man .vs. Pretty Face; ' Warco vs. Adonis; Re
mlsso Ammo : vs. St. Conn; Reckless • Acrobat
vs. : Red Rock; Wattles vs.,. Minnie Horgan;
Fenll - ; vs. 'Belle Free ; -. Greenhall . vs. . \ Nlobe ;
Balendino'.ys. • Vina; "Racing. Glancer v».'Pre
cita Maid ; Ella May - vs. Cubanola; Renegade
Apache vs. Glaucus; Irvington Tjalee vs. Ru
ral Artist; tRed Pepper vs. Regal Attire; Rock
lin. Boy,' vs. Rapid Water; ' May. Connolly > vs.
Gold Ore; Master Davenport vs.: Honest* John;
Pocatolli vs.* Melrose; "Anchor vs.' Ruby - San
key; Trixie. vs. Clarise.;i-: .;;
Champion ( Pocatelll will make his re
appearance this week in a , Bixty-four-dog
stake at Union Coursing Park. Irvington
Tralee; the Futurity winner; . Renegade
Apache, Belle Free, Tralee Bay and
other crack greyhounds are in the' run
ning. The draw . last night resulted as
follows: • ¦-
The Champion Will . Meet Irvington
Tralee, the Futurity Winner,
and Other Cracks;
FOCATELLI TO START IN
UNION COURSING STAKES
2:06 trot to wagon, amateur drivers The
Monk (Mr. Billings) defeated Ida, High Wood
(Mr. Smathers) In two straight heats, lime
2:11. 2:07%.
2:19 trot, purse flOOO— The -Parson won two
straight heats In 2:12%, 2:13%. Allen W
Bessie Birchwood. Klrkwood Jr.. Red Phil
Norberry. Great Spirit and John Caldwell also
started. .
2:13 pace. Sunny South stakes. |2000 added
i a l «^T, n w £ n °^ second and third heats
each in 2:05%. Star Hal won the first heat In
2:06%. Cousin Madge. Dlaballto and Five
(Points also started.
2:12_ trot, purse $1000— Topsy won two
straight heats in 2:11%. 2:09%. The Queator
Bermuda Maid Rebozlla. Jojmaker. W T>nso;
J '™ Underwood and Lady - Downing also
MEMPHIS. Tenn., Oct. 21.-iS-ummary :
WINS SUNNY SOUTH STAKES.
Hal Chaffln Defeats ..Star '.Hal' at
Memphis.
Second race, six furlongs, 3-year-olds and up
—George Vivian 100, Mr. Phlnlzy 98, Emily
Oliver 105. Trio 100. Aules 105, Pepper Dick
104. Jean Gravier 104, Allegrette 100, La Rouge
100, Quiet 95. Zella Knight 109, Miss Guldo 106.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards. 2
year-olds and up, eelllng — Cap and Gown 90,
Ora McKlnney 95, Eocrys 108, Hlndoonet 111,
Kile 90. Llllie Klernan 90. Allegrette 95.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap, 2-year
olds and up — Santa Ventura . 101. Miss Craw
ford 101. Mocorito 100, Elastic 117, Atlas 00.
Excentral 88, Hetzel 110.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, 2
year-olds and up, selling — Howling Dervish 98,
Ingolthrift 93, Pierce J 106, Orpheum 106, Lady
Kent 108. Spencerian 95, Discus 106.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, 3-year
olds and up, celling — Little Corker. 92, Ecome
104. Lasso 96, Deer Hunter 92, Neversuch 97.
Leenja 101, The Way 104, Athelroy 103, CogB
well 98. ' j
ST. LOTUS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race— Our Lillie, Amberita,
Lady Fonso.
Second race — Quiet, Jean Gravier,
Emily Oliver.
Third race— Elie, Cap and' Gown,
Allegrette.
Fourth race — Excentral, Miss
Crawford, Atlas.
- Fifth race— Pierce J, Ingolthrift,
Spencerian.
Sixth _race— Athelroy, Cogswell,
Lasso. ''_,,-
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 21.— Entries:
First race, five furlongs, 2-year-old *. fillies,
selling — Amberlta 100, Enigma 100, FootHght
Favorite 110. Our.Lillie 105, Phllldia 110. Lona
8 103, Hoof beat 100, Matinee Girt . 105, . Lady
Fonso 105. • • -;. it ¦
Time, 1:50. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C. M. Barrows' ch. g. by ¦ Fonso-Varna.
Star Gazer 106, Optimo 100. Heglra 94, Roger
Smith 04. Sting 104, Feronla 93. Pat Morris
eey 102, Valeat 105, Submarine 97, also i ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles,
selllnc:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1 — Varna Fonso, 101 (Sayers) 8^4 18
4 to 1— Wllhelmlna, 91 (Perkins). 11 «B 2 n
18 to 1— False, 102 (Calvit) .... 4 3 8 2
FIFTH RACE*— Five furlongs, purso:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 5— Miss Crawford. lOS(Miller) 2 2 14
6 to 1 — Sanctum, 106 (Sheehan).. 4 3 2 1
20 to 1 — Toupee, 103 (Donnegan).. 8 6 8 1%
• Time, 1:02%. Start good. * Won easily. Win
ner. W. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. f. by Tehny-
Flo II. Ben Adklns 108. Tootsy Mack 105. W.
P. Palmer 105, Moulin Rouge 103, Pilgrim
Girl 103, also ran. •
Time, 1:47%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. K. Hughes" ch. g. by Knight of
Ellerslie-Flash in the Pan. Monsier Beau
calre 113, Leenja 87, Bessie McCarthy 106, Bru
lare 103, Josle F 9S, also ran. \
FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles,
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Flintlock, 103 (CalvltT . ... 3 6 1 hi
9 to 6— Dan McKenna,114(Austln) 11 2 2
6 to 1— Croix d'Or. 100 (Miller).. 4 2 3 4
THIRD RACE!— Six furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. . St. '% Fin.
9 to 5 — Deutschland. 1O7 (Shehan) 1 3 11
6 to 1— MaHory. 109 (C. Bonner) 4 4 2 nk
5 to 2— Ed Ball, 102 (Calvit) .... 3 1 3 nk
Time, 1:14%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, B. Schreiber' b b. c by Satn-Derfargllla.
Dolly Gray 100. Lev Doreey 102, Mimo 102,
Sardian 105, Will Shelly 106. also ran.
SECXJXD RACK— Five and a half furlongs,
Felling;: : ¦
BetUng. Horse; Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
8 to 1— Weird, 115 (Smith) ..;... 1 213
12 to 1— Haven Run, 99 (J. Hen
. neusey) ..! « T ; 2 %
6 to 1— Dr. Scharff. 115 (Dale)... 2 4 3 h
Time, 1:03. Start rood. Won easily. Win
ner. J. A. Johnson's b. g. by Grayson-Willie
Stiff. Bharu Bird US. Tom Crab 110, Mary
Clark 100, Judge Denton 39, Lady' Idris 110.
Ben Hullum 113. Howlinjr Den-lsh 105, Dr.
Burns 115, Rose Court 110, Bird Pond 101, also
ran.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 21.— The 'feature event
at the Fair Grounds to-day was won by
Flintlock, neglected in the betting at; 7
to 1. Calvit rode a perfect race, saving
his mount until the stretch was reached,
when be sent Flintlock along and he won
rather handily by a half length. The
weather was . clear, the: track faBt .and
the attendance large. * Summary:
FIRST RACE— 81x furlongs, - puree :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. ,.8t % Fin.
2 to 1— Woodson, 10S (Austin).... 6 1.17
7 to 2— Ooldspot, , 105 (Miller). ...10 fi 2 1H
CO to 1— Tom Olney.103 (Llvlngstn).2 2 8 3
Time. 1:15. Start good. . Won easily. ' Win
ner. L.*B. Dickerson's J)lk. c by St. Goorge-
B^cclusion. . Port Warden 106, Benton 100, Bu\
gle Horn 108, Capitol 100, Latoila 105, Freck
man 1©3, Enigma 100. True Qlrl 105, Thank
Heaven 100. Bill Rye 100, also ran. , ' ,
Special ' Dispatch^to The Call.
¦ «
Jockey Oalvit Rides the Son
of Knight of Ellerslie
Tickets at Seven
to One.
His Backers Cash Their
FLINTLOCK WINS
AT FAIR PRICE
A s thousand-vard run : and a pole vault
competition will . be decided at \BerkeIey
oval i. on . Saturday^ at " 3 :15 - p.'- m. .; ' • No ' ad
mission ;; fee ,will be exacted at: the gate.
Among ; the :oole ; vaulters : entered are: J.
A. * iWilcox, Victor ''. Ligda and : S. ."'R.
Symmes - of the University of 'California;
Harry , Irwin \ bt '¦;. the'.Olympic Club "and
Raymond Titus ; of ; the Academic Athletic
League. /. ' .}>'.."' '._. -".':¦' : ."¦-.¦"• '.- •
Athletes to Compete at Berkeley.
ANNAPOLIS, lid.,' Octi 21.— In the
game this afternoon between * the -Navy
and Baltimore : Medical " College Robert E.
of Plainfleld, 5 N. - H.; second class
man - of }' the Baltimore ' Medical -^ College,*
was killed. ,The opposing; teams had
swayed back and forth ;over the -'field
about evenly matched. The Navy, by
hard i line bucking, \ had v passed ;. the ball
within ten yards of 5 the ¦':. visitors', j goaL
when the • latter ¦ hurled 1 the 'midshipmen
back. ,. The medicos made gains : of three
and " live yards and had 'just lined up^ for
another effort V when . Lewin^ ; . rlghtVguard
of ; the, Baltlmoreans,: fell ito the ground:*
His : limbs ¦ Immediately became ; rigid.-; He
was { carried 't rom ¦ the < field 'and I five ;"min
utes v f later .was .^pronounced (dead: rXThe
cause of ' death : ' is * given '< as " cardiac»syn
cope. The . body , was > taken to the ' Naval
'Academy . Hospital, where ¦ a post-mortem
examination [will ;be , hcldi '¦¦', , p
[-I Neither. 1 team had ' scored when the sad
ending of the r c6ntest' cam© . . . %,;
Plgkyer Palls^b Ground
and Expires of Fail- ;
ure of the- Heart. •
WICHITA, Kans., Oct. 21.— President C.
M.- Irwin ':¦ to-day gave out the sworn
statement of Ransom H. Brown, former
County Surveyor of Sedgwick County,.that
he -measured tlie. "VVichi'ta .track, over
which Crcsceus trotted" a .mile in 1:59%
Monday afternoon, and .. found . it to be
5282 4-10. or 2- 4-10 : feet \ more than a ; mile
long... The < measurement was made June
19/ 1900, ; and ' the -track . has ' not been
changed since that" time. Affidavits of
of flciar timers," A:, C; Jordan, N.'T.-Eames
and* Fred Stearns that 1^59?4 was the cor
rect '. time also < were i made.' ,
ficial Titneirs Make Sworn
. Statement. /
Surveyor of the Track and the Of-
CRESCEUS' RECORD IHLE
- ; IS PROPERLY ATTESTED
Director general. William Greer. Harrison,
president of the Olympic Club. Wrestling ref
eree E. Smith ;. Judges, Fa Gerdes and H. S.
Ku"»s Boxing referee, Eddie Graney; judges,
William Cartwright and Stewart Carter; timer,
F.f R.Dutz. : Swimming referee, 'M. L. Rosen
feld** timers, A.'W. Pape and Kenneth Melrose;
Judges,- H. V. .Ramsdell and W. Harris; an
nouncer, Franfc Thompson; under the direction
of John J. Gleason, leader, of the Olympic Club.
The programme has - been completed
for the athletic carnival at Sutro Baths
to-morrow afternoon in honor of the vis
iting bankers. Boxers, wrestlers and
swimmers will - take part ¦ in ' actual , con
tests for prizes. There will also be a
musical dance by sixteen members of the
Moresca Club, all armed with small
swords. The programme follows:
- Moresca (a sportive imitation of a battle),
by the More«tca Club.
Wrestling— F. M. Vecki vs.- C. B. Reardon;
C. H. Williams ¦ vs. Emir Tschumi; William
Lark In vs. G. W. Freeman; C. D. Pen tony vs.
A. A. Pockwltz. - -¦¦
¦ - Boxing contests by the champion amateur
boxers of the Pacific Coast. -
Swimming (auspices Lurline Swimming Club)
—100-yard: handicap, members of the Lurline
Club; 100-yard handicap, members of the
Olympic Club;; exhibition of fancy swimming
and life-saving by Professor ; Sid CavlU, as
sisted by Miss Sadie Cavlll: high,^fancy and
burlesque diving — F. S. Geddes, W. Pomin, O.
Schultz, P. i Sundbergr. W. Stockton and , W.
Bacon; water polo match by members of the
Lurllne Club. ' ,
i The /various" competitions will be In
charge of • the ; following f officials : ;
Fine Programme of Boxing, ."Wrest
ling and Swimming To-Morrow
at Sutro Baths.
ATHLETES WIIX PEItFOBM
FOR VISITING BANKERS
FOOTBALL HERO
DIES ON FIELD
Fourth race, one mile, selling— Miss Vera
107. Red Tip 115,- Headstrong- 107, The Devil
II 107, Dr. Shorb 112, Mr. Robinson 115, Lim
ber Jim 107, Father WentkerllO. , :
Fifth race, seVeu ¦-' furloncs, free .handicap-
Solon 119, Princess Titanla 109. Constellator
106, .Warte Nicht 103, . Kenllworth 128. , ; . - ;
Sixth race, one mile anrf nf ty yards, ' selling
— Ulm 103. Billy Moore 106, Searcher 103. Lit
tle Secret lOCChileno 106, Angle 100. „ V
Second race, six , furlongs, selling— Maresa
119, < Malpaquet 110, - Skirmish 119. Ann Gert
rude 107, Little Manraref 114, Urbano 114. ',
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
Barbaras 100, : Penance 104, King Dellis! 112,
Nellie Hay 109. Pllon 109, Judge Napton 109,
Oltvio 104, Adrea 104, Troy 100. Achilles . 112,
Iras 10*. . .
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 21.— The entries
for to-morrow:
First race, five furlongs, two-year-olds,' sell
ing: — Flea 115, San Francisqulta 10S, Lady Usk
115, Rodolfo 113. El Corteza 111, Turtle 118,
La Morie 115.
LOS ANGELES ENTRIES.
Five furlongs, \ handicap — Felipe Lugo, 115
(See), 3 to S, won; Annie Marie, 90 (Chandler),
6 to 1, second; Lustig-, - 100 (Spencer), - 6 to 1.
third." Time. 1:01. .Banquero,- Fox Lake, Leo
nado, Rossenc, Toltec and Pat Bulger also ran.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling — Erne, 101
(Knapp), 2 to 1, > won; George Dewey, 107
(Powell). 7 to 10, second; Dwight Way. 107
(Lewis), 15 to 1, third. Time, 1:48%. Sherry,
Homage, Louwelsea and Invictus also ran. - -
Six furlongs, selling — Best Man 112 (Spencer),
2 to 1. won; Estado, 112 (See), 9 to 2. second;
Maresa, 112 (Maddox). 8 to 5. third. Time,
1:13^. The Miller, Thlsbe and Respirator also
ran. . . .
R-/ H. E.
Seattle ... ..:. .1 2 0 0 0 0 4 3 x— 10 14 4
Los Angeles. ...0 0003000 1—4 7 4
Batteries — Barber and Byers; Gray and Spies.
: ,x"; : R. H. e.
Portland 0 0200000 x— 2 5 5
San Francisco. ..0 0 0 0 0 001 0—1" 5 1
Batteries — Butler , and Arthur Anderson;
Iberg and Zearfoss.
SEATTLE. Oct. 21.— Seattle made it fifteen
straight by besting Los Angeles to-day. The
localsV outplayed the visitors at the bat and In
the field and ran bases daringly. The batting
of Lumley ¦ and the base running of Brashear
were features. Brashear stole home while
Gray was "winding up" in the seventh. Score:
Seattle Has a Lucky Streak and
\f. Hakes a Great Record.
PORTLAND, Oct. 21. — But \ for an error at
first base Portland would have shut out San
Francisco to-day. The game was a pitchers'
battle between Ibers: and Butler, each of
wham allowed only five safe hits. \ Ibers played
the faster fielding game, however, making seven
assists. Score: .. .
WINS' FIFTEEN GAMES.
Stolen bases — McLaughlin, Gagan, Schwartz.
Errors — Gorton. Martlnke, Messerly, Egan.
Sheehan. Two-base hits — Graham. McKay,
Egan, Moskiman. Sacrifice hits — Sheehan,
Casey. McKay, McLaughlin. First base on er
rors — Oakland 2 Sacramento 2. • First base on
called balls^ — Off, McKay 3, off Knell 1. Left
on bases — Oakland 5. Sacramento 7. Struck
out — By McKay 1, by Knell 1. Double play —
Knell to Casey to Townsend. Time of game —
1:45. ¦••, Umpire — McDonald.
SUMMARY.
Totals' 32" 2 3 27 16 Totals 31 3 8 27 15
•Batted for Martlnke In ninth.
• RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento .......0 0 10 0 0 0 2 0—3
Base hits 0 1 1 2 12 0-1 0—8
Oakland 0 0 0 100 0 1 0—2
Base hits 2 0 0 2 1 0 1 2 0—8
There was nothing spectacular nor even
interesting in the nine ..slow rounds. A
handful of people gathered on the bleach
ers and shouted words of encouragement
at young McKay. Words do not win ball
games. The young man might have won
but for Truck's two-bagger. At any rate,
Truck fattened his average and also land
ed the game for Mike.
It was "one" on the .boarda.when the
Senators came up for their licks in the
eighth.- Hildebrand got to first on an er
ror and'.Cy Townsend let four bad ones
go by. McLaughlin sacrificed them up
ami Truck landed with his fourth hit for
the day— a two-cushion swipe out to left—
and both runners scampered In.
The Cripples were right after them in
the same round, but they quit one run to
the bad. O'Hara hit and Mosklman tore
off a double down the left field foul line.
Schwartz filed out to center and O'Hara
beat the throw to the. plate with the last
one for the Cripples. The score:
Oakland. •„ y , Sacramento.
nw '"'• B : R H. P. A. AB.R.H. P. A.
OHara,cf 4 0 0 2 0 Casey, 2b 4 0 1 6 4
« skm n.«'* 0 1. l'.a'HIlbrd.lf 4"1 0 I 1
S f c h*'?.2b 4 1 -2 4 4!MLghn,P*l 0 0 4 0
"urdkrf 4 0 2 1 liTwnsd.lb 3 10 8 0
Martk,3b 3 0 0 2 1 E«an,8.. 4 0 4 12
Mesrly.lb 4,0 Oil O Shehn,3b 3 0 10 3
IJeverx.8 4 0 0 2 2iDoyle,cf. 4 0 0 2 0
G«rton,c 20 1 3 3'Grahm.c. 4 0 13 2
McKay.p 2 1 2 1. BlKnell.p.. 4 110 3
•Graham 10 0 0 0 Hogan,lb 0 0 0 3 0
Peter and Mike were running neck and
neck and talking in loud tones from their
opposite benches yesterday at Recreation
Park. This sort of thing lasted for a loog
time. Then the Senators took a brace and
got a' couple of men on ' bases. Truck
Egan came through with a two-bagger
and it broke the game up. Score: Sacra
mento 3, Oakland 2."* • ¦
PACIFIC CO7
¦ (Standing ol
. —. "W. L. Pet.
Loa Angeles.113 66 .631
San Fran... 95 94 .603
Sacramento.. 89 91 .494
Nona B, favorite for the first sculling
match, crossed the line six open boat
lengths ahead of her nearest competitor.
Henderson had the mount and drew the
calmest water, missing the strong ebb
tide. Madam Bishop was, second and Blue
Miracle, third. . : \
There were nine starters in the five fur
long handicap for two-year-olds, with the
Baldwin pair, Felipe Lugo and Ban
quero, ruling favorite at 7 to, 10.- The for
mer colt picked up 115 pounds and, , with
Lee'on his back, made a runaway race of
it, winning by.half a head In 1:01. Chan
dler landed Annie Marie in the place
nearly a length before Lustig, the
Schreiber entry. The^winner runs like a
youngster of some class. Fox Lane was
pocketed soon after the start, losing all
chance. , . , i
"Big Bill" Knapp cleaned up In the mile
and a sixteenth selling affair, with Erne,
the second choice, at 2 to L D wight Way
"led for seven-eighths of a mile before
blowing "up, and then Erne took charge.
The 7 to 10 favorite, , George Dewey,
moved along in time .to finish second, a
length In' advance of Dwlght Way.
Lester Relff's- turquoise blue and black
cap colors", paraded to advantage for the
first time in the last event. He had en
tered Best Man, and, with L. Spencer up,
the big gelding downed his field quite im
pressively at odds of 2 to 1. In fact.the
ring held almost' every one of the starters
at £ or 2^, not an unusual book. Estado
ran second and Marcsa, the 8 to 5 choice,
third. The winner received substantial
backing. - F. E. MULHOLLAND.
THE SUMMABIES. •
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2L— Weather fine.
Track fast. Summary:
2:27 trot. Catalina Stakes, $500, three in five:
Rosle Woodburn. 11 1
Sutter ...2 3 2
Babe .' 3 4 3
Lady Madison 4 2 4
Time — 2:21, 2:22, 2:20%.
. Five and a naif furlongs, selling', 3-year-olds
and up— Nona B, '. 114 (Henderson), 11 to 10,
won; Madam Bishop, 114 (Lewis), 4 to 1, sec
ond; Blue Miracle, 109 (I. Powell), 11 to 5.
third. Time. 1:08. Teufel, King Dellis, Judge
Napton, Mary Xance, Estemell and Pilon also
ran.
Seven furlongs, ' Chanslor selling stakes — E.
M. Brattain, 107 (Powell), 11 to 5, won:
Heather Heath, 94" (Kunz), 8 to 1. second; M)
F. Tarpey, 105 (Jackson), 6 to 1,' third. Time,
1:27%. Urall, Cambaceres and Miracle also
, ran. « r j ..
"LOS ANGELES, Oot. 21.— It is not diffi
cult to) distinguish ladies' day from ordi
nary racing days at Agricultural Park.
Whenever the gate is free to the fair sex
the crowd resembles a~*Burns handicap
gathering at Ingleslde or' Oakland. De
spite the fact that admission tickets are
freely, distributed, the attendance was
again. light this afternoon'. The sport it
self was about up to the standard set
here,- but two j first choices tacking onto
first money. Rosle Woodburn, a "2 to ,1
favorite, took the" 2:27 trot in a tamely
fought contest waking little interest.
j The Chanslor selling stake 'a^ seven fur
longs, worth $570 to the winner, furnished
a ' mild ' surprise inasmuch . that few
thought E. M.* Brattain would, go the
route. | Grail, racing in the colors of Cae
sar Young, carried the public money at
odds of 6 to 5, and the mare never had a
look in; E. M., Brattain, with the colors
up of Johnny Mellln, didn't pack so much
of the public's wealth. Miracle Ilanfl
Cainbaceres were all well supported. At
the start E. M. Brattain, ridden by Pow
ell, : took the . bit between his teeth and
away he went, half a dozen lengths in
front. He was never pres3ed, scoring by
two lengths from Kenther's Heather
Heath, wretchedly piloted by Kunz. M.
P. Tarpey was third.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
.ST LEAGUE.
' the Clubs.)
I W. L. Pet.
Seattle . . .". 82 89 .473
Portland .. 82 90 .477
lOakland ... 78 109 .41 1
E. Brattain Wins Ohans
lorA Selling Stake at
Seven Furlongs. *
Cripples Rally in the Same
' Round, but Make Only
One Run.
Brings in Two Tallies
When Score Is Tie -
' in Eighth.
Only Two of Them Take
First Money at Los
Angeles.
EGAN'S DOUBLE
WINS THE GAME
FAVORITES MAKE
A POOR SHOWING
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1903.
Third race— Dr. Stephens, English
Lad, sHaviland.
Fourth race— Dick Bernard,' Golden
Bale, Sydney C. Love.
Fifth race — Dodie S, Antolee, El
Ghor. V;':;
Sixth race— Bummer, Stem Wind
er, Alfred 0.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Frank Iff, Bluemint,
Compass.
Second Race — Tokalon, Trogon,
Palm Beader. 5;V
WOBTH SELECTIONS.
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles — Antolee
101. Irascible 101. Tancred 100, El Ghor 93,
Dodle S 98. Chicago Girl 92.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Alfred C
109. Rag Tag 105. ' Beautiful and Best 105.
Louis Wagner 105, Bummer II 103. Stemwinder
103 Nervator 103, Henry McDaniels 102, Floral
Wreath 100. Alee 100. •
CHICAGO. Oct. 21.— Entries
First race, one mile, selling — Charlie Grain
ger 115, Nellie Bawn 108. Flngal 108. Tufts 16S.
Bluemint 103, Give AJ1 108, Worthington 103,
Frank M 103. Eva's Darling 103, Compass 103.
Second race, six furlongs — Foresight 113, To
kalon 110. Avenger 108, Palm Reader 108, Pat
Hammon 105, William Wright 108. Yaitomo
100, Kleinwood 100, Coroner Kelly 100, Fly
Lady 97, William Parish 97, Bill Walters 97,
Trogan 97.
Third race, one mile and 100 yards, handicap
— Havlland 104, English Lad 94. St. Tammany
103, Dr. Stephens 100, Ancke 99, By Ways 99,
Flo Bob 90. The Don 00. Frangible 90. (Havl
land and English Lad. Cooke entry.)
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Introductor 107.
Golden Rule 104, Sidney C. Love 103, Callant
99. Coruscate 93. Dolly Hayman 95, Clangor 83.
Dick Bernard 83, Flo Bob 83, Aggie Lewis 80.
WORTH ENTRIES.
Fifth, race — Mabel Richardson,
Duke of Kendal, Wyefleld.
Sixth race— Blytheness, Bob Boy,
Arietta.
BBIGHT0N SELECTIONS. •
By tlie New York Telegraph.
First race — Graceful, Escobar,
Dimple.
Second race — TflTaTriHaTi, Judge
Phillips, Gam Honey.
Third race — Payne, Hoodwink,
Pluck.
Fourth race— Ishlaaa, Sir Carter,
Hello. V-
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, maiden
2-year-olds, selling 1 — Wllligess* 98, Blytheness
D>4, I>ueky 90. Dutiful 97. Donnelly 104, Ti
thonlc 97. Fernbrook 100. Ancestor 104, Beroea
105, Arietta 108. Southampton 102, Monsoon 105,
Reveille 102, Bell Meade 98, Clear the Arena
104. Rob Roy 99.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, eell
ing—Ernest Parhaxa 106, Payne 100, Our TCug.
p-et 104. Sir Iloche 105, Nairitor 112, Widow's
Mite S3, All Gold 100, Potente 100. Harrison
102 Past 101. Star and Garter 90, Stroller 100,
Pluck 92. Hoodwink 108, Ethics 106, Bar le
Due 101. April Shower 100.
Fourth race, eix furlongs. Winged Foot han
dicap, 2-year-olds— Hello 111. Moharib 118.
Fweet Cretchen 122, Clovis 105, Juvenal
Maxim 118, Golden Mineral 88, Ishlana 112, Sir
Carter 89, Hiawatha. 98.
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, handi
cap — Caughnawaga 128. Bonnibert 110, Mabel
Richardson 93, Early Eve 95. Wyefield 92. Pa
get 8S, Warranted 90, Duke of Kendal 113,
Lady Potentate 102.
SIXTH RACE — Selling, three-year-old ¦ and
upward, one and a sixteenth miles:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5 — Lady Potentate, 100 (Hig
gtas) 2 1 1 %
4 to 5 — Carbuncle, 108 (Redfern).. 18 2 8
10 to 1 — Outsider. 85 (Descuza) .... 8 2 34
Time, 1:46 2-5. Start good. Won cleverly.
Winner, E. R. Thomas' ch. m. by Potentate-
Etrathbrine. Bob Hilliard 83, Qrantesdale 90,
also ran.
BRIGHTON EHTRTFS.
XEWTORK, Oct. 21. — Entries:-
First race, five and a half furlongs, 2-year
olds — Eecobar 109. Graceful 109, Wizard 103.
Hydrangea 1C3. Dimple 103, Xlckayuna 108,
Jasper 109.
Second race, about two miles, steeplechase,
handicap — Manilian 147. Perlon 133, Gusa
Honey 143. Cfcarawind 154, Judge Phillips 15S.
Gascar ISO.
FIFTH RACE— For fillies, two years old,
f!re furlor-zs:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
16 to 5 — For Lrtick. 110 'O'Neill).. 2 1 1 %
« to 1— Golden Drop. 110 (Fuller) 1 3 2 *»
2 to 1— Flajr.mula. Ill (Hicks)... 11 7 3 h
Time. 1 :00 3-5. Start poor. Won driving.
¦Winner, A. Miller's b. f. by Plaudit-Pocket
piece. Toi San 110, M. Theo 110, Missing Link
98, Algonquin 99, Dimple 110. Komombo 99,
Euphrata 110, Monochord 5*9, Belle of Portland
99. Merry Moments 100, High Heels 103, Pal
ate 110. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — The Mercury- Handicap,
all ares, six furlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Divlniation. 99 (Redfrn)... 16 11
6 to l—Grrnade, 104 (Gannon) 4 2 2 8
C to 1— lady Amelia, 89 (W.Flschr) 0 1 S h
Time, 1:18. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. A. Miller's ch. f. by Horoscope-White
Rose. Ice Water 107. Race King 105, Wotan
¦ML Prince Ching J>5, Ormonde's Right 105. Lux
Casta 112, Eagle SS, Counterpoise 92, King Pep
per 120. also ran.
THIRD RACE — Handicap, one andean eighth
Benin*. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Kupenia Burch, 117 (Hicks) 8 41 H
1 S to 5— Salvatella, S6 (Houbre)... 1 1 22
11 to 5— Sheriff Bell. 105 (O'Neill).. 4 8 3 h
Tim*. 1:53. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, Mrs. L.. Curtis' b. f. by Ben Strome-Tha
Humber. Bonnibert 113. Colonsay 92, olso ran.
SECOND RACE — Selling, three-year-olds tand
upward one and a -sixteenth miles:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. EC % Fin.
9 to 5— Unmasked. 10S (Fuller)... 8 6 1 h
g to 1 — Nevermore, 98 <J. Jones). 6 7 2 1
25 to 1 — Outsider, 105 (Bums) 10 8 8 ft
Time. 1:47 1-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. J. McCue's b. g. by Domino-Mere Hill.
Mary Worth 98. Baikal 100. Parisienne 104. O.
Whlttler 10S. H. Clay Rye 111. The Regent 103.
EHa Snyder 00, Hackensack 100. Lee King 104,
Ortoff 97. Lapidus SS, Highlander 111, also ran.
BRIGHTOX BEACH RACETRACK.
Oct 2L— Heavily backed, tho elx-year-old
gelding Unmaeked, now owned by John
McCue. who ii Frank Fanell's betting
commissioner won the- second race from
a very larg» held. Nevermore came very
fast through the stretch and waa second.
while Outsider and Mary Worth had a
hard struggle for third money. Highland
€t was practically left at the pout and
Parisienne found the dtetanc* too far.
Reliance, left at the post In his, pre
vious race and heavily backed on that
occasion, was again a strong; favorite to
day In the firBt race, although John San
ford'o Charnplaln was backed at a long
price. Reliance was off well and led all
the way. '- ''^' f ~
Engenla Burch and Salvatella had a
hard struggle through the stretch In the
one and an eight miles handicap. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— Maiden two-rear-olfia, six fur-
EeUtog. Her**, W.tght. Jockey. Bt. % Fla.
8 to 6— Reliance. 110 (O'Neill) 2 118
S to 1— Exclamation. 112 (Odom) 1 2 2 n
SO to 1— Chaznplaln. 110 (Gray)... 8 6 »1«
Time. 1:14. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. R L. Rose's b. o. by Meddler-Faithful.
Pr'nce Eato Balm 110, Sonoma Belle 107, Paa
ioue 10T. Raider 107. Mr. Pickwick 109. Strike
a Llsht 110, San Rerao 110. Hiawatha 110, A.
Richardson 100. Mohican 110, Conkllng 110,
Attortan 111. also ran.
Special Diepatca to To* Can.
SIXTH RACE — Mile; selling:
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5— C. Thompson, 105 (Pollak) 1112
10 to 1— *Marlln, 100 (Nicol) 6 4 26
4 to 1— Sir Louncelot, 105 (Hall). 8 2 33
8 to 1— Dorice. 87 (Wilson) 8 3 42
Time, 1:40 3-5. Start e**»d. Won easily. Win
ner, E. Trotter & Co.'s b. g. by Appomattox-
Forget Me Not. Worthingtcn 105, Florestan
105, Lady Radnor 110. Captain Cook 110, also
ran. •Disqualified for foul.
FIFTH RACB-— Mile and seventy yards:
purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Pin.
4 to S — Boaster. 106 (Booker) 2 1 12
7 to 2— The Major, 108 (Davlsson) 6 3 2 n
40 to 1— Mary Moore, 103 (Ferrell) 5 8 8 10
Time, 1:45. Start good. "Won easily. "Winner,
Mrs. M. Goldblatt's br. c by Florist-La Gas
cogn«. Old Mike 105, Virginia Boy 92, Black
Wolf 90. also ran. ;
Time, 1 :52 2-5. Start good. "Won easily. Win
ner. J. McAllister & Co.'s b. g. by King Re
gent-Miss Knight. Nitrate 110, Cursus 100,
Airtight 101. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — One and an eighth nnlea;
handicap:
Betting. Horse. "Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Carat. 106 (Phillips) 4 111%
11 to 5— Our Bessie, 103 (Perrell).. 2 2 2 3
13 to 5— Brief. 95 (Booker) 3 N3h
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.'-
CHRONIC SORES
Signs of Polluted Blood.
There is nothing so repulsive looking and disgusting as an old sore.'
You worry over it till the brain grows weary and work with it until the
patience is exhausted, and the very sight of the old festering, sickly looking
place makes' you irritable, despondent and desperate.
A chronic sore is the very best evidence that your blood is in an unhealthy
and impoverished condition, that your constitution is breaking down under
the effects of some serious disorder. The taking of strong medicines, like.
mercury or potash, will sometimes so pollute and vitiate the blood and inw
pair the general system that the merest scratch or bruise results in obstinate
non-healing sores of the most offensive character.
Often an inherited taintbreaks out in frightful eating sores upon the limbs
or face in old age or middle life. a sore refuses to heal the blood
is always at fault, and, while antiseptic "washes, salves, soaps and powders;
can do much to keep down the inflammation and cleanse the sore, it will
never heal permanently till the blood itself has been purified and the deadly
germs and poisons destroyed, and with S. S. S. this can be accomplished— -the
*sGa**+ j^^\ X*"^t Pouted blood is purified and invigorated, and when
r#*»i| g!g^ fC7» "ch.pure blood is again circulating freely, throughout
V^fcw V!V) *k e body the flesh around the old sore begins to take
NZ5j £*¦¦>*/£*¦¦•)/ P 1 ?* 1 natural color, the discharge of matter ceases
arid" the place heals over.
S. S. S. is both a blood purifier and tonic that puts your blood in order ;
and at the same time tones up the system and builds up the general health.
If you have a chronic sore , write us. No charge for medical advice.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
" ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVANA CIGARS• Small boys and hoodlums tried to break
up Henry J.' Crocker's me'eting in the Thir
ty-second Assembly District * last night
The meeting, was held in Maennerbund
Hall, Twenty-fourth street and Potrero
avenue. The district Is filled with Union
L>abor men and they packed the meeting
and outshouted others that attended. An
attempt was made to break up the meet
ing, but it failed. . Henry. J.: Crocker
Showed himself to be a roan of couragre
Prevents Schmitz Sympathizers From
Breaking TJp Meeting.
CROCKER SHOWS COURAGE.
Responsible Business Men Outspoken
in Their Support.
If ¦William Vr. Wheeler, department
manager for Holbrook, ; Merrill &' Stetson,
has declared himself for Lane, as per the
flamboyant statement appearing in : the
Bulletin:; yesterday afternoon," •„ his defec
tion .; from ;. the : „ ranks of ' Cro'cker voters
will ; not cut much of a* figure In the busi
ness \ house' where; he '¦}. is employed, "nor
finally in? the : large" vote to be rolled up
in ? the 'election - of » 1 Henry J. Crocker-
CROCKER . FOR MAYOR.
Members Cheer Crocker When He
Speaks at Armory Hall.
A large number of the old-time members
of the once famous Dirigo Club, promi
nent in the political campaigns of '84, and
'88, gathered at Armory Hall, on : Ellis
etreet, last night and reorganized the old
club. A set of resolutions, unanimously
supporting, Crocker, was read and adopt
ed, and k brought down cheer after cheer
from, the immense gathering in the big
hall. :-&8&88S&BBBif*UB&B&&UBfBE&
The club was organized for the purpose
of making a strong, fight for Crocker,' and
on its roll- are the names of some of the
best known citizens of San Francisco. : A;
E. Castle, temporary chalrmany Yand a
committee on resolutions, j of
Judge ' E. ¦ A. Belcher, John : Bonntagr ; and
J.W. Carmany, were appointed. , '.ii
Toward the end of the meeting Crocker
arrived and was given a rousing > welcome.
He .was escorted up to the . platform and
made a short speech, in which he thank-
DIBIGO CLTTB REORGANIZES.
After hi* address to the Greek-Ameri
can Republican «jiub, Mr. Crocker at
tended the meeting of the members of the
Retail Grocers' Association, at the request
of some of his friends and supporters in
that tody. Mr. Crocker appreciated the
fact that many of the members were of
different political faith and his talk was
an Informal one. He was given close at
tention end when he concluded, the ap
plause that greeted him attested that he
had won many friends. In part he said:
I was Invited by some of your members to
¦itcply break in tbis evenlsg. I know this Is
a private meeting-, but feel that ail the voters
of £.-.-. Francisco have an Interest In th* com
ing election. Being among you members of
different comical faJth. I don't think , I will
talk oolitics. Yea have your own Ideas. I
•imply wish to eay that I am announcing my
ideas before the oublie without reference to
«ny other party or other candidate. I have not
tif^d »cy language la this campaign that I
will be ashamed of after It Is ail overv whether
I em elected or not. I am not making 1 that
kind cf a fUrht. I am in this fight simply and
solely that I believe that if the city of Ban
Francisco needs finst-clan government it needs
it at U«k time. Han Francisco is going to
beautify herself and is string to rpend a great
C^SlI of money in doing- eo, and they are- eer-
tainly locking for the type of man who can
t«sert without contradiction that he is without
ery rtrinxg a;:d has no political boss to control
bin. I don't think any paper or any -party can
a?*«t that any one controls me or that there
erf any strings on me. We want in San Fran-
fly-o a good, first -c!a»* government — a govern
ment for the r-eopl*. We want * srovernroent at
this time that will be above board And people
<f.n believe that the man who occupies the
Marofs chair will do' hi* : doty to the whole
r*op'e. I revert and n»rpect my party, but 'I
v.-ant to make this talk to people of all par
tU*. I fcrl that en long si I am selected :to
T»;«rrrrnt the Republican part?- it «* my duty
*o te'l you tny j<Jcai>." I ffe! l;am above' C*»
iiJea that the ncriubllcaTi jmrtr ebould ret-.tt
•¦II and other parties en nothing. «3reat ap-
T !a«hc.) . .-¦•¦
Mr. Crocker thanked the members for
thrir attention and teft the t hall. He
*naa> a pood impression and won many
VOtfeS
APPEALS TO VOTERS.
Henry J. Crocker Addxesses Rasi
deats of Mission District
"tt'fcen Hccry J. Crocker reached the
The friends and fellow employes of
George Dietterle, Republican candidate
for Supervisor, assembled last* evening in
the Sutter-street stables of Goldberjr-
Eowen & Co., the firm by which DietterU
is employed. The meeting was for the
purpose of ratifying the nomination and
organizing a club that' will assist Mr. Dlet
terle is being elected to office.
"W. A. Denvir, secretary, read a letter
signed by the firm of Goldberg, Bowen
& Co. testifying to the good and faithful
service rendered by Dietterle during his
employment by the firm. Mr. Dtetterle
has been with his present employers for
twenty-five years and his popularity was
evinced at last night's meeting. Other
letters which speak highly of DietterU
were read and will be printed and drcu
"When Dietterle arrived he was roundly
cheered and when he attempted to speak
his voice was drowned by the enthusi
asm of his co-workers. The first speaker
of the evening was "Billy" Hynes, who
made a short address and cleverly spoke
a little poem entitled "Auto's Auto."
Many other speeches were made, each
speaker promising to do his utmost to
ward putting Dietterle in office.
At the adjournment of the meeting re
freshments and dears were passed and
the remainder of the evening was spent
In merrymaking.
Registrar Walsh yesterday issued the
following open letter In answer to the
allegation made by Mayor Schmit* lhat
favoritism had been shown In arranging
the party columns on the ballot to be
voted xt the next election because the
Union Labor ticket was placed last:
The Department of EI«etJoo» having been
charged with gross favoritism in the matter
o( arranging the party columns on the ballot
to beVoUd at the election November 8, 1903 It
may be Instructive to those unfamiliar with
the State and municipal Uwi upon the subject
to publish them. In order to avoid any unin
tentional mi»statem«its. • •
Section 11*7 Political Code of ths> ttato,
subdivision 2. "says: "The list of candidate*
of the several parties shall be printed »n par
allel columns, each ¦ column to be headed by
the party name. In such Xirder as the Secretary
• of State may direct, precedence, however, be
lr* given to the party which polled the high
eat number of vote* for Governor. at the last
preceding general election for sach of Seer, and
*°"The Registrar performs the «an» function
with regard to the municipal elections as the
Secretary of State for general electlonsQro far
as preparing the form of ballot.
That this - law also affects ' - the municipal
election Is affirmed by section 5. ehapter 1. ar
ticle XI of th« charter, whieh »• as follows :
"All provisions of the general laws of this
State respecting elections shall be applicable to
nil elections held , In the city and county of
Ban Francisco." / THOMAS J. WALSH,
Rajrictrar and SecrtUry Board et Bwttoa
Comxnlssiontrs.
FRIENDS CHEER. DIETTEBLE.
in his ears and he was assailed with
coarse advice. Despite the uproar, the
Republican candidate for Mayor faced his
audience and commanded attention. As
soon as he began to speak the Schmitz
crowd gave him attention and even those
who were opposed to Mr. Crocker's candi
dacy were forced to applaud. him for his
nranly speech. In part^ Mr. Crocker spoke
as follows: -!*¦
This Is a sure sign that there are three can
didates in the Held for Mayor. I think, with
due respect to my opponents, the best man will
win. (Applause.) What the people of San
Francisco sre going to have this lime is the
best man. He will not be a member of a party
/action: he will not be an Individual candi
date, but the be*t man of the three.
With all due respect to factional differences;
with all due regard to party feeling, the ele
ment that will control San Francisco this time,
and mark it well, will be the man whom the
voters have, after a careful consideration, de
cided will give the people of San Francisco
the best government. (Applause.)
This Is not going to be any snapshot propo
sition and I hope from the bottom of my soul,
as an Individual and taxpayer and a citizen
residing In San Francisco, that the best man
that . the city of San Francisco can produce
will control the destinies of San Francisco for
the next two yean and long thereafter. (Ap
plause.)
We candidates, gentlemen., are merly Inci
dents. We happen for a short time. Mayors
have eom« and Mayors have gone. Voters in
San Francisco may yell for Franklin K. Lane ;
voters may raise their voices for Mayor
Bchmltz and Henry J. Crocker, but when the
great, silent vote goes In the ballot box, the
citizens will pause and think • what Is best
for the welfare of this city. (Applause.)
Mr. Crocker stated that all his interests
were centered in San Francisco. He said
he never, shirked work and was ready to
work harder f or\ the cood of San Fran
cisco.
MR. ARTHUR G..
FISK, Chairman
Campaign Commit
tee of the local Republican
Committee, San Francisco,
Cal. — Dear Sir : Having
noticed in last night's^ulle
tin in publishing the account
of the Lane meeting held on
Oceanic S. S. Dock that my
name appears as one of the
speakers for Mr. Lane, I
desire to say that I was not
present at that meeting and
took no part in same and I
am not ior Mr. Lane for
Mayor. To the contrary, I
am a . Republican. Yours
truly,
CHAS. J. KELLEY,
Delegate to the City Front
Federation.
San Francisco, Oct. 21. »
John F. Merrill, vice president and man
ager fpr the lirm of Holbrook, Merrill &
Stetson, last night gave the following as
his views on the stanch business and
executive ability of Henry J. Crocker:
I am working for Henry J. Crocker with the
utmost faith and belief in his thorough abil
ity as a business man. and one capable ef
handling any municipal office intrusted to
him in an able way. I am sorry that Mr.
Holbrook has just left for home, for I know
that he would be glad to put in a hot shot for
Mr. Crocker, whom all of us are working for
and expect to see elected. If Mr. Wheeler
is going to vote for Lane, and is now support
ing him. which I was not before aware of, he
is the exception in this house. The Crocker
banner flies on all of our buildings and deco
rates, all of our teams. And there are many
other business people near us who feel the
sante way. , In fact. I think ail of the busi
ness men In the city know Henry Crocker as
a business man. and a good, honest one. HIS
father was that before him.
I know nothing of Mr. • Lane, or of his
knowledge or business or municipal affairs,
but of Henry Crockor's ability I do know, and
I thick his experience has been euch aa to
stand him in good stead, when he occupies the
Mayor's chair. Hla record has been a clean
one as a man brought • up among us. and I
happen to know • that he has always had the
city's best Interests very closely at heart.
I know that I would be very willing to
trust my own business affairs with him and I
think many others feel the same way. Mr.
Wheeler U a department manager . for us. and
not the manager of this business, as incor
rectly stated In the Bulletin — but then you
know ivhat the Bulletin is and what it is
doing. I am the manager of this business, and
I will say right here, that as a business man
1 feel we will do the right thing when w«
elect Henry J. Crocker as Mayor.
SCHMITZ GATHERINGS.
Tour Meetings.
Mayor Received by-Large Crowds at
Mayor Schmitz, the Union Labor party
candidate . for re-election to the city's
highest office, spent a lively night last
night. He addressed four different meet
ings, being greeted each time by large
crowds. . *
His first appearance 'was at Apollo Hall,
S10 Pacific street. School Director Alfred
Roncovieri acted as chairman and deliv
ered the opening address. «He urged the
voters to vote the straight Labor party
ticket at the coming .election. Several
candidates fcr office made short speeches.
Vlayor Schmitz was given a rousing wel
come and made a short talk. The Mayor
next ' went a) Teutonla Hall at 1322 How
ard street. A large audience of the
Mission voters ~was there to gTeet him.
The greatest meeting , of the evening
was held ; at Saratoga Hall, on Geary
street, near Hyde, the voters of the
Forty-second District turning out strong.
The early part of -the evening was taken
up by speeches by the various labor can
didates. E. J. Kirvan acted as chairman.
Powel Frederick, candidate for the office
of County Clerk,' was received with cheers
and made a short but. effective speech.
Others who spoke were Frank Jewell,
Harry Knox, Miles L. Farland, Dr. J. B.
Dillon. -Waiter Holman, ; J. . J. Connolly
and.E. J.Deaver.
.V The "hall was packed and when the
Mayor put'in his appearance the audience
burst into repeated cheers. In part
Schmitz said: *
A man would be very stupid If he could not
read ¦ the .• significance of- this welcome. It
seems to me very :¦ strange that, though every
meeting that I attend is overflowed to the hall
doors, the papers still say that very few voters
turn out to hear me and most fit the audience
is made up of boya. It la also strange, that. we
have no paper in our cause, but the crowds of
people turn out Just the same to hear our can-
Tbe 'people want men of reliability.' men
whom they • can ¦ trust and - not men of pledge*
who ' accomplish nothing. - I care not ¦ to have
my name written ¦ in- the i black • headlines . : of
any paper; ; what I want ' is to have my name
written deep,in>the hearts of the people. : v> ¦'
Two ' yeara ago they said ! if I.* 1 an unknown
man and a friend uf the laboring people, should
ed the members of the club for the way
In which they pledged themselves to sup
port him. Several members made short
addresses.
The committee decided to notify all the
members that they are expected to at
tend the Union League Club's meeting at
tlje Alhambra Theater next Monday even
ing. They will assemble at the headquar
ters of the Union League Club and march
in a body to the theater.
The following resolution was adopted
Whereas, Henry J. Crocker, a member of the
Dirleo Club, having received the Republican
nomination for Mayor of San Francisco, and
Whereas, The said Henry J. Crocker is held
in the highest regard by his fellow-members
of said club, both as a citizen and as a Re
publican, now therefore be It,
Resolved, That the members of said club
hereljy heartily Indorse the nomination of Bald
Henry J. . Crocker for Mayor and pledge their
individual and united - efforts to secure his
election.
B. A. BELCHER, Chairman,
JULIAN SONNTAG.
J. W. CARMAN y.
Committee on Resolutions.
Among those present at the meeting
were: ' " " :-'?." :>i
W. G. Anderson, Edgar A. Belcher, George
J. Bucknall, George R. Burdlek, Charles J.
Bandman, S.'C. Buckbec, ' William Baehr t W.
H. Chamberlain, W. M. Castle. A. E. Castle,
A. W. Cornwall, Carroll Cook, E. K. Chapman,
W. J. Golcher, Frank D. Bates, George D. Ed
wards, John W.' Carmany, J. ,N. Featherston,
J. L. Hawks, E. H. Horton. Alex. Hamilton,
Webster Jones, Fred S. Johnson, W. S. . Gage,
Ben B. Kellogg, John J. KlIgarlfT, W. F. Hess,
H. A. Plate, A. H. Phelps, George
T. Phelns. J. R. Phelps. W. H. Phelps.
Cutler Paige, J. P. Rothwell, Frank B. Peter
sen, W. H. Sherwood, John S. Mumaueh, Hugo
O. Greenhood. W. H. Stln.«on. Julian Sonntag,
Samuel M. Shortrldge, R. J. Woods. Alex War
ner, Frank" A. Vail, Frank 1). Willey, II. A.
Williams, F. .Tillrriann Jr., Arthur K. Price,
Seymour R. Church, Frank Cordl. H. A.
Brown, W.' H. Morrow. George n. Knowles,
Harny D. Hawks, Carl H. Clark,. R. B. Wood*
ward.
VETERAN'S IN LINE.
Republican Ticket Iifdorsed by Army
and Navy League.
A meeting of the representatives of the
camps of the- Army and Navy Republi
can League was held, at Concord Hall,
Alcazar building, last night. The meet-
Ing was large and enthusiastic. ' The vet
erans showed their interest In the affairs
of ths city and in the" Republican cause
by their attendance. Comrade J. H. Hil
ton, chairman of the executive commit
tee, presided and W. C. Alberger acted
as eecretary. - The; commander in chief,
M. D. Hyde, and Adjutant '¦; General ¦ Le
Blanc -were present. - -Commander Hyde
made an address urging active work from
this time on. ; Other addresses were made
by Comrades Lutz, Whltesides, Alberger,
Hilton and; Horace Wilson.,
. Resolutions were adopted indorsing the
Republican ticket.' Commanding officers
of camps offered to detail men from their
respective * commands to do duty at the
polls.' • •>¦•
The meeting: adjourned with cheers for
the : , whole ; ticket " and t hearty wishes •¦ for
the success of comrades.
Employes of the State Have Not
Been* Assessed.
Stories to the effect that State employes
have been assessed or importuned to sub
scribe money for a Republican campaign
fund are absolutely false. The Call pays
but little attention to the falsehoods em
anating from » the McNab-Lane bureau,
but space is given in to-day's paper to the
following statement . signed by 300 em
ployes of the State Board of Harbor Com
missioners:
Hon. Charles H. Spear. President of the
Board of State Harbor Commissioners — Dear
Sir: We, the employes under the Board of
Stat* Harbor Commissioners, having read In
the Bulletin of recent date that you Intended
to request the various employe* to subscribe
money to the campaign fund of the Republican
local ticket, headed by tKe Hon. Henry J.
Crocker for Mayor, and knowing that there
was no truth in the matter; we thought it was
Just to you to make tbis statement. We have
not been asked to subscribe any money for po
litical or for any other purpose. No one has
intimated to us either directly or Indirectly
that we would be asked to make any donation
whatsoever. Thi» statement Is made In Jus
tice to yourself and the truth.
John M. Foy, R. C. .Craft, A. J. Bolfing. C.
A Maiitlan, W. E. Ingram, J. Kelleher, J. S.
Wiggins D. Coghlan. W. K. Macpherson, J.
H Tennant. O. W. Mitchell, O. W. Dennis,
James Colman. F. J. Graham, Leonard Guion,
C. J. Kelley. W. L. Chamberlain. C. I* Fisher,
J P Farrell, Frank Johnson, Desire Loquet,
H. Worthlngton, W. Borsslaso. P. I* Hender
son, James Byrne, R. Welch, J. G. Tyrrell, 8.
Henwood, D. C. McGanney, O. MeXalley, J.
Currington, J. P. Kelly, T.»Burgoyne. James
Barton, A. W. Furlong. T. F. Casey. E. Flan
igan, F. M. C. Smith. David Fox, C. D. Jill
son, T. McGratn, H. Thompson. P. A. Byrne,
J..S. Hogan, F. C. Smlthe, F. Ldindqutst. J. S.
Thompson, M. A. Devlne, William J. Harring
ton, Julian Theall, J. O. Brown. E. R. Wil
liams, E. D. Joste, M. E. Arnerick, T. F. Rob
erts. Cleon Kllburn, F. Carpenter. J. J. Green,
J. C. Maher, C. Ratto. William Porter. J. Me-
Farland, M. Lee, F. L. Ramonl, E. F. Colter.
E. J. Powers, Frank Boyer, >t. H. CDonnell,
Thomas Kane, F. J. Cunha, W. McGuire, A.
Greive, P. O'Neill. 8. B. Cox, George Jacob
son, Isaac Perry. Martin Barrow. J. J. Blight.
L G. Norris, P. McNamara, F.' Browed. E.
M Buckley, T. J. White. P. A. Hoey, D. J.
Fleming, E. Sullivan, : M. H. Merrill, J. W.
McQueeney, P. T. Browne, J. P. Kane. J. J.
Brown. Thomas Hill. William H. Milestone.
L. Feyllng, Samuel Taylor. T. R. Ford. C. S.
Brundajra. Frank McCabe, " J. F. Petlnger.
Thom»» B. Parker. Thoman Guthrie-, D. Dowd.
J Wilkinson H. r Stlmpel. Carl Uhlig. John C.
White, Henry L. Ryan. F. E. Whorf, H.
Brodle R. G. Alexander. H. Duff. J. Bardel-
II n! A A. McKeen. R. M. Michael, James C.
Mews W W. Steele. W. J.^Gullfoyle. Frank
D Norton C. W. Andrews. A. H. Burnham.
G' Montague J. Flynn. W. C. G. Frost, T. J.
1M nahy Frank Peraty, P. Murphy, D. Rob
erts L.' Holden. C. K. Flnney, D. J. Foles,
JJ Crlmmlns. G. W. Triplett, J. Bowen, D.
be elected property would depreciate In value.
Yet on the contrary. It has Increased wonder
fully. They said that riot would run loose and
blood be shed In our city. One of the most
peaceably - settled strikes In the history of our
country was the one settled by arbitration be
tween the carmen and their * employers. We
have had two years of peace and. two years of
It Is not a goodl>oHcy for you to ehange the
present routine of things. It would be a very
unwise thing for the citlretis ©f San Francisco
to change this administration for one we know
nothing about. If you place me In office I will
go on .the same as I have done and represent
the whole people and not any particular class.
I am still and ever shall be the friend of the
plain people, and am proud to be their servant.
My vole* Is a little husky to-night, but I am
etl'.l in the fight and will be af ter the 3d o£»
next November. They have placed otur ¦ ticket
last on the list on the ballot «. even after the
Socialistic ticket, but when - the votes are
counted on election day they will see that we
bead the list. '
Leaving Saratoga Hall, the Mayor was
driven to ": Richmond Hall, on Clement
avenue, where a delegation of Richmond
voters -was ready, to greet; him. He re
peated in part his . previous . speech and
was well received. BsHHsBH
At the different halls musical pro
grammes were ¦"— — spersed with the
spe fcch making. ; ; ¦ ' • BSF
McNAB-LANE CANARD.
REPUBLICAN STANDARD-BEARER IN. CHARACTERISTIC ATTITUDE
WHILE DELIVERING ADDRESS, PORTRAITS OF CANDIDATES
FOR SHERIFF AND SUPERVISOR, AND TREASURER.
NONE OF LANE
FOR DELEGATE
C. J. KELLEY
They "Wildly Cheer the Republican
Standard Bearer.
GREEKS FOR CROCKER.
The meeting of the Greek-American
Henry J. Crocker Club in B'nai B'rith
Hall last night was an enthusiastic one.
The mere mention of Henry J. Crocker's
name was the signal for an outburst of^
applause. N. Valianos presided. Fully
St. members were present. As aJl mem
l>*rs are citizens and registered voters of
this city, their votes will help swell Hen
ry J. Orocker'B majority at the coming
* lection. The committee on organization
Is composed of D. Zambukos, P. Papa
dachis. D. Malamis, J. Papadachis, A.
Kokalis and J. Jianilos.
In introducing Mr. Crocker to the as
semblage Mr. Valiar.os said that th« club
vas formed for the purpose of its mem
bers declaring themselves Republicans
end to show th^ir tnernies that they did
nut support any other candidate but Hen
ry J. Crocker. He therefore took great
pleasure in introducing the next Mayor
of San Francisco. When the hearty ap
plause had ceased the Republican nominee
eaid:
I thank you very much for this cordial re
ception. feUow citizens. This is the second
time 1 have had the pleasurr of coming before
lliis club. The- first time I visited you you
wore bjt-ily engaged in organizing and 1 deemed
it my duty to come before you again to-night
end thank you ior ycur ardent support and to
maw to you ;jm what my friend Mr. 1 Kahn hue
i«ld you. I appreciate your vote* and
>uur i-uj-'port and I >:...'.! endeavor to show my
eppreciaUcn to all cf you when I am able to
Co eo next January. (Applause.)
I am satisfied that with tb« help, of the
good, healthy men. tueh as you are, who work
hard for what they pet >n tbis world. I shall be
ejected. I believe you are entitled to 'the same
jirivHegre* and treatment as th* richest man in
titia '' ¦»¦'" 11- •• <*rtpiaus£) «nd I am. certain
that net one of you will « nr itsk for anything
.That is unreasonable and therefore it is cer
i-ln you will get what you ask for, because it
U reasonable. tAj.'plause.)
When Mr. Crccker had concluded his
address the cheering was renewed. Chair
man Valianos took occasion to impress on
the minds of the members what Mr.
Crocker had said. He Epoke as follows:
Our next Mayor. Henry J. Crocker (applause),
. a Jast told you that this is his second ap
pe&r&r.ce be: ore this club. We expect to see
our next Mayor at all times, as we know what
ever i.c Ask for within reason we will get.
We know we will always find him In his cham
bers in the new City- Hall.
Now, before we came here to-night every one
of us consulted each other and we advised
each other to consider what Mayer we should
indorse. Well, we came to the c«nclusion that
there is no better man than Henry J. Crocker
end the Mayor to be elected In this city ani
county should be a Republican. (Applause.)
We hava seen what the Bulletin has been
r&ylng about Mr. Crocker; we have also eeen
the attacks in the Examiner, but we pay no
ettesUon to them. We Just remember what
the Republicans have given us tlnce we came
to this city. W« found out that the Republi
cans afways treated us right. We might go to
th* Democrats or the Union Lebcr party and
ask for something and they would say to us,
"We are poor and must make some money
•while In offloe," end then w« tare to dig down
in ©or pockets. Not so with the Republican
party. That party Is responsible and they don't
want our money: they want our rapport. (Ap
plause.) And they want to help us In our
tucinMs interests. (Applause.) We don't
llottbt that all th* other parties will fight es.
Tfeai Is politics and w* have the same thing
In ocr own country. W* &r* citizens and gen
erally rtwSj th* situation, and when we prom
ise eaytnlng to any party we generally keep
cur proznls*. Our promise Is our bond. The
reason why we sir* for Henry J. Crocker for
Mayor Is because he will appreciate cur sup
port and he 1* a representative of the Repub
lican party. (Great applause.)
Mr. Crocker "was compelled to take
>av« ef his friends and es he moved to
ward the door the members stood and
cheered for him. Speeches were also
m&de by John J. Grelf, candidate for
County Clerk; General E. S. Salomon.
ca.nilda.tc tov District Attorney; Theodore
Lunsledt. candidate for Supervisor, and
other candidates on the ticket.
GHOCEItS <!H kttr. CROCKER.
CHEEES FOB LANE.
Democratic Candidate for Mayor Ad-
dresses Two Good Audiences.
Franklin K. Lane addressed two large
audtagces last night, and was well re
ceived at both meetings.
He spoke first to the voters of the
Forty-fifth Assembly district, at Wash
ington Square Hall, corner of Stockton
and Union streets. H# opened his r«
marks by saying:
I am always glad to address an audience of
workingmen and mechanics because what I
say to them I know they believe. The wag»
earner Is th« man who haa the principal Inter
est at stake In this campaign, and he Is th«
man who 13 the winner when the management
of the municipality Is in/the hands of honest
men. who work hard to 'give an honest inter
pretation to the laws of that municipality.
What you workingmen want Is what you
are entitled to. ajid you want nothing mor».
and you want to receive this Justice without
being obliged to bow down to the civil service
commission for It. or to be compelled to put
your hands In your pockets and be forced to
pay for It. Ton may think that It In not pos
sibly for a man In a political position to own
himself, but you are mistaken. I come hero
to talk to you upon the subject of having a
clean government, and tUat Is the platform
on which I stand. If you don't want a clean
government, then I don't want your votes. I
did not seek the nomination to this office. Z
was pressed to take It. and in accepting It
I did not take it with the idea of my own In
terests at heart, but I took it because I want
to try and serve a loyal people, who are striv
ing, aiming and lighting to uphold and main
tain a decent, honest, respectable government.
It is not Lane himself you are voting for. it Is
the principle of the true Democracy, the hon
est Democratic principles of Thomas Jeffer
son. I believe, and it shall be my endeavor,
to do the things that the law of this munici
pality says should be done.
Other speeches were made by T. Carey
Friedlander, Judge Cabanlss, John Con
nor, William Broderick, P. J. Curtis, Dr.
Washington Dodge, Edmond Godchaux,
Dr. T. B. W. Leland and M. J. Hynes.
The second meeting Lane attended was
held at Pioneer *Hall, in the Twenty
ninth Assembly district. As he stepped
up ' to the rostrum he took a drink of
water, and in response to an Inquiry from
one of the audience asking why he didn't
have beer, he replied by stating:
We are not buying any' man's vote for a
glass of beer. We appeal to their heads and
not to their palates. I feel very proud of
this great gathering of the worklngmen. and
they certainly look good to me.
The Democrats who deserted our ranks a
few years ago under a false theory and mis
taken ideas are coming back to us In big
numbers. The workingmen who Joined the so
called Union Labor party now realize that he
has been used. Tou may fool him once, but
you can't fool htm a second time. I am ap
pealing to the intelligence of the people, not
to any prejudice of any section, whether the
man resides north or south of Market street.
The people now demand a pure and clean
government. This curious cosmopolitan place
is a great city, and it is going to be a greater
city one of the most foremost in the world;
foremost because It is the first city to abso
lutely shake eft bossism which it shook oft
long before any Eastern city haa dona so. We
want a government where the man in a polit
ical position owns himself, and is his own
boss not a man who when asked a question
doe*' not dare to give an answer until he takes
down the long-distance telephone and Is
obliged to consult with the powers behind the
throne before he dares to give out hl« reply.
We do not want that kind of stuff. We want
th» office of the Mayor. In the City Hall to b«
open to the adjustment and consideration of
every man. whether he be the mechanic, the
laborer the lawyer the business man or the
banker- to be open to every loyal, honest cit
izen of this great commonwealth.
Charles Glldea was chairman of the
meeting. Other speakers were W. W.
Sanderson. Edmond Godchaux, » Carey
Frledlander," Judge Cabanlss and Jndg«
Mogan..
JIcLennan. J. J. McDado J. Eagan. J. t.
Sullivan E. Byrnes. C. E. Carroll, a.
CKeefte, Lott D. Norton. F. N. Norris, J. J.
Conlon. J. Nolan. J. HaUahan O. F Horn
lein. R. P. Barton, F. P. Keller. W. J. Young.
B. O. Ellinworth, A. D. Staples. W. F. Den
ahy. M. J. Clancy. T. U Thompson. B. Ray
mond. D. H. Tnoreas. William Klnney. Thomas
Madlgan. W. J. Harrison. D. Dougherty. M.
J. Dean. C. Sampson. A. Lydecker. E. A. Van
Fleet. J. J. Sullivan. T. J. Varney. J. H.
Jones. Fr»d Harrison. G. W." Hartsowb M.
S. Streeter. J. P. Judge. J. Hogan. J. Wagner.
J. E. Roberts. P. Robinson. James Lon*y. I*.
L. Zocchl D. Williams. C. Kelley. M. W.
King. J. W. Hasklns. F. Schrlmer. N. H. Web
ster, C. C. Underwood. J. M. Pierce, J. B.
Hommell. J. Tulte. M. . R. Johnston. J., h.
Foster. D Fraser. H. Colgan. J. O. Enrlnht.
C. F. Botcher. J. II. Demlng. R. Rennllson.
T. P. Wyckoff. H. Jacobs. J. Madison. M. J.
Dunn, l>. J. Conlon. Pet*r O'Brien. J. Murray,
J. Mulgrave. F. P. Harriett, Thomas Franklin
and V. B. Dlnunlck.
Charles H. Spear, president of the.
Board of State* Harbor Commissioners,
asserts that he "has not been asked by the
Republican campaign committee or by
any of the candidates to solicit contribu
tions from the employes of the State.
11 ¦ HEREVER Henry J. Crocker, the
3 I Republican standard bearer, went
¦ I last Eight ihe cheers of his friends
| jj rang in his ears. He started early
H last evening' to address the voters
If of the city and before midnight he
had delivered half a dozen speeches and
was ready tor more. As a campaigner
Mr. Crocker has few equals. His smiling
face and modest bearing von him, many
votes last night. He met with one rebuff
and that was over in the Thirty-second
District. Mayor Schmlte had many pym
patUzers In the hall and they did their
utmost to break up the meeting. Small
boy* were in the majority and they ¦were
aided by hoodlums. * However, during
Mr. Crocker's speech he was given earnes t
attention. The fact that there were peo
ple In the house opposed to his candidacy
spurred him. to renewed endeavors. Zie
delivered -a manly talk and even those
that wer* there to cheer for the labor
candidate applauded him.
At other meetings he was accorded the
closes^ attention and was received with
enthusiasm. Mr. Crocker is well satisfied
•with the apj>earance of his fight and Is
confident that he will be elected by an
overwhelming majority.
Young Men's Christian Association Hall,
on Mission street,' last night in the course
of his strenuous campaigning, he found a
]<irgo audience awaiting him. The mo
mc-nt he appeared in the doorway he was
greeted with applause. He had to force
his way through the compact throng,
siul when he took his seat on the plat
form the chet-rlng was renewed. Assem
b:j-man 'E. D. Knight presided. He intro
duced Judge Bahrs, candidate for Asses
sor, ard the Judge made his apologies for
not epfaklng, as his voice was too weak.
His son did the talking, and won many
v.otts for his father. William K. Lutz,
candidate for Public Administrator, im
presred Upon his auditors the necessity
of electing an upright citizen. He said
he ccul(? not sing a laughing song and
vas no comedian, but he was a veteran
of the War of the Rebellion and had lived
In this community for many years. Judge
Joachimson. candidate for Police Judge;
Fred Eggers, candidate for Supervisor,
and numerous other candidates addresse*
the big meeting. -~ ¦;
John S. Partridge appealed to the citi
zens of the Thirty-fifth Assembly Dis
trict to stand by the Republican ticket. In
the course of his speech he said:
"Fully five thousand nun, members of
the Building Trades, have announced
themselves for Henry J. Croker. (Ap
plause.) Gentlemen, we .all ought to be
for Crocker. Mtn who 'toll with their
hands, think with their head, they know
that the national administration has
given them prosperity, and that same
party should be given a chance to show
that it can do the same thing in munici
pal affairs."
Henry J. Crocker was given a hearty
greeting when he was Introduced. Some
boys In the gallery attempted to interrupt
him, but the candidate for Mayor good
naturedly appealed to them to keep quiet,
and in an instant the hall was hushed,
only to echo again with applause for Mr.
Crocker. He said in cart: .
i*\< wili have t0 a P°l°*ize a little to-night,
i&uief. ana rwitUmen. lor my late arrival. I
nave been campaigning to-night and have ad
o^Tl t nu . mber o* rn«tlngs. I promised to
appear at all the meetings, and I am keeping
tn<it r>rc?r.i*e. | am neVrr irt a hurry. I ai
ways try to take my time and always try to
be right before I go ahead. That is th« rule
I want to follow in this campaign.
I have heard what your chairman has said,
irat victory seems to b* coining our way. But
gentlemen, let me impress upon you that now
is the time for you to take on" your coats and
work for the ticket. I know this from expe
rience. I have had much experience as a
w heel horse but never as a leader. So I say
take oft your coats and work hard. That Is
Mnat I am goinj to do. As I said last night,
when told by one of the speakers that victory
wag certainly ours. I was sorry, because I
had rot yet begun to fight. We are going to
win this year because we have a united Re
publican party behind us. This is a good sign
and means a great deal to the party, as next
year we will have a national fight and I am
cure we will achieve another great victory.
I know this, gentlemen, because I went down
to-day among the glass works and factories
and found that the men were earning good,
legitimate wages, and they are .looking with
earn>st Interest to the proposition that con
fronts San- Francisco.- . " >.-v-.--j
We propose, to beautify our city and as long
as tome of the appropriations are a. long
tlma in coming to San Francisco, thia city
proposes, to do the work h«rse!f..-;and. she pro
poses to do the work in the most legitimate
manner possible. And what Is" the. result?
Every thinking voter, no matter what his pol
itics ace, no matter what his situation is In
life, no matter what his condition Is, must
think dwply on what Is before us the next
two years. \ • J
I don't desire to be egotistical and I don't
want to inject my personality into this fight,
but It Is the wish of the people to elect a
man whose word has never been questioned;
whofe integrity has never been in doubt even
by the opposition. If I am elected to this
great office, and you must remember that this
is the most important position within the gift
of the people, and It is no matter to be trifled
with. I will do my whole duty to the people
who elect me.
I can take that offlcc above party lines. I
havs no strings on me. no political boss to
control me. and I can give all of my time
and attention to civic duties. (Applause.)
In the Old World, and especially In Ger
many, it Is ' compulsory for a man to give
three yean of his life to the German army.
Thea Trhy should It not be possible for a
man to do the same thing for his own city?
It was here that I earned my money; all my
Interests are here, and I feel that 1 can give
two years of my life in advancing this city.
I know there are many grave questions con
fronting the. city. There is a great deal to
be said about the cotnm' • ""oners to be ap
pointed. It Is almost lip^-'tble to tell what
a man can do. but if I /a. 1 .ace this audience
and tell you that I wLi do the very best I
can and do It with the men who. If elected,
will back me up, you should be satisfied. You
would not have a man make any pledges other
than I have made to you. I thank you for
your kind attention. (Great applause.) • .
There were more speeches and Mr.
Crocker took his leave amid the cheers
of the crowd.
After winning over the voters of the
Mission, Mr. Crocker came down town
and addressed the retail fruit dealers, who
held a meeting in the basement of Pio
neer Hall. Upstairs the Democrats were
holding a rally and by mistake Mr. Crock
er entered while his opponent was talk
ing. He was recognized by a friend, who
said: "Mr. Crocker, this is no place for
you," and he instantly replied that it was,
as he had a right to listen to what his
friends on the other Bide had to say in
support of their candidacy. He then went
downstairs and the cheers that greeted
him must have caused the Democrats
above to wonder whether the roof was
falling in.
"While waiting for Mr. Crocker's appear
ance Julius Kahn spoke in his behalf. In
part' the Congressman said:
I know Henry J. Crocker. I know him to be
a decent, honest and honorable man. T know
that every one of you ¦ can receive fair and
Just treatment from him. A good many people
have an idea t»\at because Mr. Crocker has
means he la an aristocrat. That Is not so. He
is one of the plain people. Any man can ap
proach him. You need not be afraid to go up
to him and extend the "glad hand" to him.
lie U always glad to see his constituents.
H* has a warm heart and a kind word for
the people. • He la in every sense of the wora
"all right." (Applause.) I feel satisfied that
pn the 8d of .November men like yourselves,
/who have the Interests of this community at
'heart, who have little stores, who want to
tee San Francisco prosperous, who want to
tee thft city advance and Improve, will go to
the polls and vote for the man who will give
to the people of San Francisco a good, honest,
t-.zrlffts and faithful administration.* (Great
applause and cheers for Henry J. Crocker.)
Mr. Crocker was introduced at this
juncture and said a few words to the as
semblage. He spoke aa follows:
I want t» thank you for waiting a few
minutes for me. I want to thank you. for I
know you are among my enthusiastic friends
on the other side of the city. I want to thank
the people for the reception I have had and I
wantTtosay that if I am elected I will do the
best I can fcr the city. San Francisco is my
home. Baa Francisco is rrowlnr. Ban Fran
cisco has given me a great deal, and I pro
pose. If elected, to give the next two years of
jny ttme-la fter Interests. I thank you. (Great
applause.) ¦ .
Cheers were given for Mr. Crocker as ne
left the halL V
HENRY J. CROCKER Is everywhere
greeted as the next Mayor of San
Francisco. He Is gaining; so rapidly
In popular favor that the Gavin Mc-
Nab press Is resorting to despicable
and ellly falsehood in efforts to turn
sentiment against him. The Bulletin
claims the distinction of discovering a
business man who is opposed to the elec
tion of Mr. Crocker. Considerable space is
given In that paper to the identification of
the* alleged business man. The voters, with
the assistance of the Bulletin and the city
directory, are able to locate the individual
as a resident of San Francisco, but they
never heard of him prior to this cam
paign. The current of public sentiment is
strongly In favor of Ur. Crocker. The
tide in his favor comes at the right time
—twelve days before the election. Lane
is gaining some recruits from the Schmltz
camp, but all his efforts to break the
solid Republican column have failed,
fact. Lane's supporters are gloomy and
despondent. The candidate himself wants
the contest settled by arbitration rather
than by popular election. "^SpM
SCHMITZ MONEY IS PLENTY.
Schmitz's manager is spending money
like a drunken sailor. It is estimated by
careful observers that the sum- of $25,000
has already been expended in 'this cam
paign In behalf of .Schmitz's candldaey
for re-election. Schmitz could not afford
to give a dollar in aid of the campaign
for the bonds, but he has money galore
for his own electioneering. Everywhere
one hears the remark: "Where does Ruef
get all the money that he Is putting into
the fight for Schmitz?"
To-night there will be two Republican
rallies, as follows:
Thirty-first Assembly District, at Eintraeht
Hall, Twelfth street, between Howard and Fol
«m. Hon. J. J. Van Nostrand will preside.
Henry J. Crocker. Harry Baehr, Percy V. Long,
Henry. H. Lynch, George H. Bahrs, Ed J.
Smith. John E. "-McDousald. Louis N. Jacobs,
John J. Grelf. E. S. Salomon. Dr. T. H. Morris.
W. E. Lutz, E. M. Sweeney, Thomas C. Duff.
Fred N. Bent, George Dtetterte, Fred Eggero,
Theodore Lunvtedt, Joseph S. Nyland, Dr. J. J.
Stephen, George Alpers and all other candidates
will appear. In addition to the candidates the
meeting will be addressed by Thomas MeCon
nell, John S. Partridge, Daniel Ryan, C. M.
Flckert and A. P. Van Duzer.
Fortieth Assembly District, at Franklin Hall,
FJllmore street, between Sutler and Bush. This
will be a Jubilee meeting: of all the Republican
organisations In. the district. Th« meeting will
not be called to order before 8:30 p. m. There
will be reserved seats for ladiea and their es
corts and singing by quartet. Henry J. Crock
er, Harry Baehr, Henry H. Lynch. Percy V.
Long, John E. McDougald, John J. Greif, Louis
N. Jacobs, George H. Bahra, E. S. Salomon.
"W..E. Lutz. Dr. T. H. Morris, Ed J. Smith,
H. L. Joachimsen, M. L. Asher, Maxwell Me-
Nutt, L. A. Ren. Robert Vance, Horace Wil
son. George R. Wells, Theodore Lunstedt, W.
W. Sanderson. William Barton and all other
candidates will be present during the evening.
The meeting Till be called to order by E. D.
Pelxotto, who will introduce Dr. Cross as
chairman of the erenlng. Edward I. Wolfe,
D. W. Burchard. William S. Barnes, I. Golden.
A. Van der Nalllen and William S. Wood have
been Invited to address the meeting.
The committee of arrangements consists of
15. -B Read, J. G. Giesting. • Jesse E. Marks.
Henry Ach.TJeorge E. HcOuIre and William
Gilchrist. n ._
' Friday evening a meeting will b« held at
Wackenruder's Hall; corner "of Wool street and
Eugenia avenue, under the auspice of the
Young Men's Republican. Club of Bernal
Heights «nd Holly Park. •••
On next Monday, under th# auspices of the
UMlon League Club, a mass-meetlnc will be
held at the Alhambra Th«a$er. - ;.._
The German-American Republican Club. Col
onel R. Wleneke president, will hold a rally
at the Alhambra Theater on Wednesday
evening.
end very cool-headed. Aa he took the
platform, cheers for Mayor Schmltz rang
Workmen in Manufacturing Districts In
dorse Nominee for Mayor and
Business Men Follow.
Republican Standard Bearer Inspired by Signs of Victory
but Advises Workers Not to Relax Efforts
on Behalf of the ticket.
HENRY J. CROCKER DEVELOPS SURPRISING SPEED AS CAMPAIGNER AND MANY
LARGE AUDIENCES CHEER HIM AS NEXT MAYOR OF THIS PROGRESSIVE CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLj THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1903.
11Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N. t Mer
chants' Exchanre, San Francisco. Cal.,
October 21.. 1903. .. -.' . ,
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. . •
J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Charters.
The schooner Marconi Is chartered for lum
l*r trom Columbia. River to Alcoa or Delaeoa
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United - States Coast _ and Geodetic Survey —
' PORT HARFORD— Sailed Oct 21. 4 a m—
Stmr Santa Cruz, for San . Francisco; stmr
ASTORIA— Arrived .Oct 21— Schr Joseph
Rues, from. San Pedro: echr, , Virginia, -hence
Oct U. ¦•¦ ..
Sailed ; Oct 21— Stmr Geo W Elder, . for San
Franels~o. --».»srTlS>WHp| y fiiL- ' ... . , ..
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Oct } 21 — Schr
Golden Shore,, from Kahului; schr, Laura Mad
sen, from -Alaska. • • • ¦ ¦.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
i TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 21', 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocKy 0 miles per hour. -
Sept 7, tat 13 S, Ion 36 TV,- Br ship Sir Rob
ert Fernle. from Barpy. for San ¦ Francisco. ,
No date. etc. Hal bark Ermtna, from New
York, for Melbourne. .
SAIL"ED.
Wednesday, October 21.
Stmr Navarro, Weber, Mendocino.
Stmr Fulton. Lee, Hardy Creek.*
Stmr Brunswick. Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst. Pigeon Point. •
Stmr San Mateo. Roes, Tacoma.
U S stmr Mohican. Day, San Diego.
US stmr Boston, Diehl, Acapulco."
Ger atmr Uarda, Petersen, Hamburg and
way ports.
Mr ship Wasdale. Hamond, London.
Schr Jennie Wand. Chrlstensen, , Willapa
Harbor. .
Schr Glen. Hansen, Iversens Landing. - ;
Schr Bessie K, Merrlam, San Vicente Land
ing.
Schr Ivy, Jensen. Coos Bay.
Schr Mary.C, Campbell, Bodega.
SPOKEN.
Wednesday, October 21. •
Stmr State of California. Thomas, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamshio Co.
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, October 20.
Schr Melancthon, Stark, 6 days from Coos
Bay.
Wedilesday. October 21. \
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 58 hours from' Coos
Bay. .
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, 15 hours from Men
docino.
Stmr TV H Kruger. Ahlln, 39 hours from
Eureka, with stmr Porno In tow.
Stmr Porno. Anderson. 39 hours from Eu
reka, In tow stmr W H Kruger.
Stmr National City, Hammer, IB hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Spokane, Eagles, hours from Se
attle, v
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 17 hours from
Caspar.
Stmr James Dollar," Thwinsr, 78 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr AcaDulco, Russell, 22 days from Pa
nama.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Badger, 80 hours from
Seattle/ .
Br stmr CoDtlc, Rinder. 25 days 18 4 min
utes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 15 days
10 hours 37 minutes, via Honolulu 5 days 18
hours 13 minutes.
Br ship Pass of Balmaha, Graham. 72 days
from Newcastle, Aus.
Fr bark Alice Marie, Gullloy, 182 days from
Newcastle, England, via Cherbourg 173 days.
Bktn Ska git, Robinscn, 12 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Jennie Stella, Hansen. 10 days from
Grays Harbor; Oakland direct.
Schr Fortuna, Erickson, 2 days from Eu
reka, k
Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevig, 3 days from
Eureka.
Schr Abble, Larsen, 28 hours from Point
Arena. . ¦ •
Schr Sacramento. Mercer, 4% days from
Sluslaw. . '
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 22.
Sun rises c:25 a. m.
Su " seta 5:24 p. m.
Moon sets 6:59 p. m.
C iTimel JTimel |Tlme Tlmel
£ j 1 Ft | 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft.
!» IH W| [L W| |h W L W|
•22 0:57! S.I S:54| 2.1|12:12 5.7 CUl! — O.2
23 1:47 S.«J 6:3(i 2.5|12:50 5.6 7:30 — 0.1
24 2:40! 4.S 7:2-_'l 2.8 1:32 5.3 8:20 0.1
25 3:361 4.71 S:17| 3.0 2:23 5.0 9:12 0.3
26 4:33[ 4.0 9:25 3.2 3:24 4.7 10:05 0.6
27 5:.tO| 4.7|10:42) 3.2 4:22 4.4 11:001, 0.8
NOTE^ — In the above exposition of the tidns
the early morn In i: tides are given In the. left
hand column and the successive, tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tides of the
day, except when there are but three tides, us
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro '. Oct. 22
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports|Oct. 22
Point Arena. Mendocino & Pt. Arena.IOct. 22
G \v Elder Portland & Astoria... .(Oct. Ti
Iaqua' . Humboldt ¦... Oct. 22
Kival ...'.'. '. '.'. Willapa Harbor Oct. 23
Mineola Tacoma Oct. 23
Pomona Humboldt jOct. L'3
Han Pedro... Humboldt Oct. 21
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor 'Oct. 24
t Edith Seattle |Oct. 24
j K. H. Leggett . Humboldt Oct. 24
! K. Monica £an Pedro. ...Oct. 24
! Queen.. Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 24
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 25
Kamses Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct. 25
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 25
Redondo Humboldt Oct. 26
Newbursr San Pedro Oct. 20
State of Cal. Ban Diego & Way Ports Oct. 26
Nlc&ria Hamburg & Way Ports. (Oct. 26
Corona Humboldt Oct. 26
Chehalls Grays Harbor |Oct. 27
Chico Coqullle River !Oct. 27
Columbia Portland & Astoria ]Oct. 27
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. |Oct. 27
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford|Oct. 27
Peru New York via Panama.!Oct. 2S
North Fork . . Humboldt Oct. 28
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 28
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Oct. 29
Curacao Mexican Ports Oct. 29
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Oct. 29
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan lOct. 31
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla. .. .[Oct. 31
St. Paul Nome via Seattle Nov. 1
Portland Nome via Seattle Nov. 1
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Dest.nation. Sails. I Pier.
October 22. I
Czarina Coos Bay direct... 12 mjPler 8
Arcata Coos B. & Pi.Orford 4 pm PUr 13
C. Nelsen.. Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier '2
1-no^tiix Men<locino City.... 1 pm Pier IS
Corona Humboldt l:30p[Pler 9
Arctic Humboldt 4 pm I Pier 10
N. Fork Humboldt 5 pm|Pler 2
October 2& 1 .
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmJPier 2
Centralia.. Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 10
M. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Isis Hamburg Way Pts 2 pm Pier 19
Siberia China & Japan 1 pm Piep 40
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports 11 am|Pier 9
October 24.
San Pedro.. Log Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Iao.ua Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
K. Leggett.. Log Angeles Ports. 10 urn Pier 10
S. Monica.. Lo,, Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Cooa Bay. . San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Barracouta. jr. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
October '£!*.
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt. l:30pPler 9
G. TV. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 20.'
Newbunt... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Redondo... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Kureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
J. Dollar... Seattle * Tacoma, 10 amlPier 2
Maripoea... Tahiti 11 am|Pier 7
October 27. .1
Nevada n...' Honolulu ' 3 pm Pier 23
Rival Willapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 2
October 2K
Bonita Newport Way Pts. 8 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
October 2».
Sierra .. Sydney ft Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Alliance.. •¦ Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
October 3O.
Californian. New York direct.. Pier 23
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Chlco Coquille River 5 pm Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. * For. • Sails.
Nome City Cooks Inlet & Way PU. Oct. 25
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 20
City Topeka. . Skagway i\ Way Ports. Oct. 28
Dlrigo Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 30
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 1
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 2
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. Nov. 7
Cottage City., fkagway & Way Ports. Nov. S
Movements of Steamers.
¦ The schooner L<aura Madsen. which arrived
yesterday at Port Townsend, reports having
Fpoken the whaling etearoer William Bayllss,
which reported that three whale* had been
taken, by the fleet to the eastward. The Laura
Madsen. was not able to reach Point Barrow
on acr»w of the. ice. This confirms the re
port made by ('artain HeaJy of the United
States revenue cutter Thetis. The Ihetis re
turned early on "account of the same Ice that
barred the Lftura Msdsen's passage.
«-
News From* the Whalers.
The vrecker* who tried to save the British
thlp Gifford have succeeded In ravlnr the
moorings They installed in the vicinity of the
derelict when they had hopes of getting her
into deep water. The weather was very rough
and it .was with great difficulty that they
Mvured the heavy chains and anchors. The
Gifford, thry, report, is gradually burying her
self in the sand and before the, winter Is over
her grave will be hardly visible.
Acapulco Arrives From Panama.
The Pacific Mail Company's steatrjhip A.ca
pulco arrived yesterday from Panama and
way ports. She brought twenty- flve passen
gers and about *C00 tons of cfrgo. The officers
of the Acapulco report great dissatisfaction in
Panama over the failure of the canal treaty
and from indications at the isthmus believe
that only the Jack of money and want of a.
Irader prevent the outbreak of anatlier revolu
tion.
The Acapulco's pafsenecrg included the fol
io wins named:
Frank M. Ballard. Juan Aria*. M. J. Hans
rom, Anna M. Hanscom. John T. Hanscora.
¦W\ X.- Ten Kyck, Charles Stratfce, W. J.
Sweeney. Henry Baier. John LJppert. Oscar
Klanke. Thomas J. O'Meara, Annie O'Meara,
Mary WaJsh, Frank Golden and John Johnston
« . - » - ..:
wreckers Bemove Their Grear.
The steam schooner Iaqua. Captain Bonifleld.
which on October 19 went on the rocks at
Toint Gorda. and in grain** off lost her rudder.
and 'sustained other damage to her hull, ar
rive here yesterday under a jur*- rudder with
a canvas j>ateh over her bow. She had about
four feft of watfr in her hold. After the acci
dent, which occurred at midnight, four of the
laqua'e half dozen passengers uere transferred
to the ruamshlp Pomona, which carried th»*m
to Eureka. The other passengers returned here
en the dlrahltd schooner. A big- si»ar over the
ftern weifchtod down with cliains served ¦ to
««tr Jhe laqva to port. As Hhe was leaking.
*he ,procec-d«-d to Mission fiats, where *-he will
remain until to-day, when arrangements will
1* made" tor r^pairinc her. Ldke the South
Portland, the Iaqua wa* closer in shore than
any vessel has a right to be in heavy weather
ar.d her . navigator is expected to have nome
difficulty in explaining to the Government in
spector* . why he hupgt-d Point Gorda when
the whole Pacific Ocean wa* open to him. The
tendency of the emaller coasters to keep close
to chore during Ftormy and foggy weather has
:¦¦'.¦ -j; ¦ I a chorus cf vigorous protests from the
local marlre underwriter*.
Comes Home Under Jury Rudder.
Iitavy gales were encountered off Cape
Horn. More sails were blown away and
on June 'Zl the skipper decided that the
Alice Marie could afford to sacrifice no
more canvas and a course was set for
the Cape of Good Hope. Fine weather
•was encountered in the South Atlantic,
but later came a long spell of baffling
•winds. The Alice Marie was quoted for
reiirusrance at 15 per cent. She brings a
large cargo of general merchandise.
almost throughout its great length.
The first serious setback, however, was
encountered off the river Platte, where
in a rollicking pampero an entire suit of
Fails was' blown to ribbons. During this
ftorm a vessel, rupposcd to be the Nor
wegian ship Theodor, was seen through
the spray of the gale. She was in hard
straits, having lost her maintopmast
and carried away her foremast near the
deck. The Alice Marie had all she could
do to take care of herself and was un
able to render any assistance. To Cap
tain Saintio the stranger looked like a
German. He could see her very indis
tinctly, however, and from his descrip
tion it is almost certain she was the The
odor, which shortly afterward put into
Rio de Janeiro in distress.
THE overdue French bark Alice
Marfe arrived yesterday. 1S2 days
frcia Newcastle, England, after a
voyage which was full of trouble
Bay, and the British ship Acamas, same busi
ness, from this port to Freemantle (lump sum).
The bark Amy Turner returns to Hilo with
general carro.
The French ship Eocoa goes In ballast to
New Caledonia. «-.•':¦-.
NOTE — The hleh and low waters octfur . at
the city front • (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
Time and Heights of High and .Low
Waters «t Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay.' Published by official au
thority of the SuDerintendent.
UNITED STATES WAR VESSELS OF THE PACIFIC SQUADRON, BOSTON. MARBLEHEAD, CONCORD AND
WYOMING. THE FIRST NAMED SAILED YESTERDAY FOR ACAPULCO UNDER RUSH ORDERS
AND THE OTHERS WILL FOLLOW TO-DAY, ALL TO PARTICIPATE IN PRACTICE CRUISE.
Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Oceanic, for Liverpool;
stmr Statendam, for Rotterdam, via Boulogne;
stmr St Louis, for Southampton.
NEW YOIIK— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Liguria,
from Genoa and Naples; stmr Cestrian, from
Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 21 — Stmr Cedrlc.
for New York, via Queenstown: stmr Fries
land, for Philadelphia, via Queenstown; stmr
Southwark, for Montreal.
Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Dominion, from Mont
real; stmr Nomadic, from Portland.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Oct .21— Stmr Kron
prlnz Wilhelm, from Bremen and Southampton,
for New York. .
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Oct 21 — Stmr
Westernland, from Philadelphia, • for Liver
pool, and proceeded. ' . • .
Sailed Oct 21 — Stmr Ivernia, 'from Liver
pool, for Boston. / .'. .. ¦¦'¦¦
ST MICHAELS — Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Cam
broman, from Genoa, Naples and Gibraltar,
for Boston. .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MONTEVIDEO— Arrived Oct 20— Ship Ken
nebee, from Rio de Janeiro; first officer in
jured. . :
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 19— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
Sailed Oct 20 — Stmr Calchas, from Glasgow
and Liverpool, via Hongkong:.. Shanghai, etc,
for Victoria. Tacoma and. Seattle.
FLUSHING— Passed Oct 18— Br ship Hale
wood, from Antwerp,^ for San Francisco.
GIBRALTAR— Passed Oct 20— Stmr Kee
mun, from Tacoma, for London; Br stmr Teen
kai.-from Glasgow, for Vancouver.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Oct 21— Br
stmr Athenian, from Vancouver: stmr Shaw
mut, from Tacoma; JaD stmr Iyo Maru, from
Seattle. - . ¦ ¦ ••"-¦..-.
SYDNEY— Arrived Oct 20— Bktn Amaranth,
from Puget Sound. - v
I ACAPULCO— Sailed Oct 18— Stmr Peru, for
fSan Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 21— Jap- stmr Tosa
Maru, from Hongkong.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 2ft— Br ship Fleur
de Lis, from Newcastle, . Aus.
Sailed Oct 20— Br shin West York, for Eu
reka; stmr Rosecrans, for Hllo. —
Arrived Oct 21 — Br stmr Aorangi, from Syd
ney; Jap stmr Nippon Maru, hence Oct 15, for
China. „ -....-
Sailed Oct 21— Br stmr Aorangi, for Van
couver.
EASTERN PORT. \ •
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Yucatan,
for Colon. - ; ¦' .•- .... ¦
Arrived Oct 2Q — Stmr City of Washington,
from Colon. .V
ISLAND PORTS.
GKAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr
Ch^halls, hence Oct 17; stmr Coronado, hence
Oct 18. ,
EVERETT— Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Rdbert
Dollar, for San Pedro.
Arrived Oct 21 — Schr Golden Shore. . from
Port Townsend.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Pasa
dena, from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Point Arena, for San
Francisco.
WKSTPORT— Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Westport.
for Pan Francisco. . • /
UilPQUA— Arlved Oct 17 — Schr Lucy, from
San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 17— Schr Lily, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Oct 21— Stm:
Whltesboro. for San Francisco. '
SOUTH BEND — Sailed Oct 21— Bktn Arago,
for San Francisco. ...
• Balled Oct 21-r-Stmr Oueen, for; Ban Fran
cisco; stmr Edith, for San Francisco; U ?
stmr Dlx, for Manila.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Oct 21— Stir
Coos Bay. for Han Francisco. '
PORT GAMBLE- Sailed Oct 21— Schr Inca,
for Adelaide. . ¦ . --
CASPAR— Arrived Oct 21 — Stmr Samoa,
hence Oct 20.
Sailed Oct 21— Stmr South Coast, for Sar.
Francisco.
Coos Bay, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Aure
lla, from Monterey; etmr Santa Monica, hence
Oct 18: stmr Coos Bay. hence Oct 16.
Sailed Oct '20— Stmr Coos Bay, for San
Francisco: schr Espada, for South Bend.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence Oct IS. Oct 20 — Stmr Hum
boldt. from Skagway.
Sailed Oct 21— Jao «tmr Shlnano Maru. for
Hongkong. •
Arrived Oct 21 — Stmr Montara. hence Oct 17;
U S stmr Bunwide, from Alaska. . .
SAN JOSE, Oct.' 21. — San Jose is to
make a bid for its share of the tourist
travel- this winter. The Chamber of Com
merce and the Real Estate Dealers' As
sociation are to have a runner on. the
overland trains between this city arid Los
Angeles and also another representative
at Los Angeles. An agency will be con
ducted in the southern city, where all
kinds of literature pertaining to the re
sources of the city and county will be
distributed . and tourists urged to come
to San Jose. ' , .
Merchants Will Boom San Jose.
Harriman was complacent so long as
Santa Ana was the only point beyond the
bounds aimed at by the Huntlngton-Hell
man syndicate, but then came Riverside,
Redlands, Pomona and Santa Barbara al
most certain. The Santa Fe people found
their famous kite-shaped track threatened
by. the inroad of the electric lines, and it
was next to officially given out that San
Diego would ere long be hitched to the
interurban system. . .
The j Ventura-Bakersfield Electric and
Steam enterprise is a Southern Pacific
move, and may yet become the weapon
with which Harriman hopes to bring
JIuntlrigton to terms.
. Differences over the entrance to San
Pedro and the harbor front there were
amicably adjusted, and it was thought
then that the millionaires had had their
tilt and were satisfied for the future to
divide with each other and share alike.
Then came the talk about beyond the
county extensions -of the electric roads.'
and soon following them' the other rumor
that the Southern Pacific had in mind the
electrizing of its Santa Monica line, re
building of the long wharf, and that its
Monrovia. line might be fitted with over
head wires and made to carry electric as
well as steam cars. So it is said the Hunt
ington-Harriman peace is not permanent.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 21.— The announced
purpose of Henry E. Huntington to ex
tend the Pacific Electric Railway system
to points beyond the limits of Los An
geles County Is equivalent to another
declaration of war on the E. H. Harri
man-Southern Pacific Interests, if not the
Santa Fe as well, and the assertion is
made in railroad and financial circles that
the one, if not both, railroad interests
have signified their readiness for a con
flict. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call
Extension of Fac flc Electric
System May Cause More
Trouble.
Overdue French Bark Alice Marie Arrives After a Long Pas
sage, Having Been Compelled, to Turn Back Between
Atlantic and Pacific on Account of Loss of Canvas
Huntington and Harri
man Said to Be Ready
'for Battle.
RAILROAD FIGHT
IS NOW EXPECTED
FAILS TO WEATHER STORMY HORN
AND COMES BY GAPE OF GOOD HOPE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22. 1903.
12
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANO NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COM? AST.
Tlburon Perry, Toot of Market Street.
SAN PRAWCISCO TO SAW SAPASL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. «:0O; 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11 :30 o. m. ¦ .- ¦ = "
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:CO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m. -
SAW KAPAEJi TO SAJf TBAKCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50, »:20, 11:15
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 t». m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:55. 5:05, 6:25 p. m. .
Leave - I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27, 1903. |San Franclscc.
Week I Sun- 1 Destina- 1 Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. . [ days. [ Days.
7:30a 8:00a 9:10a! 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:SOp 3:30p ': 6:05 p 6:2Op
5:10 p 5:00 p [ 7:35 p)
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma. 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10p 3:30p and j 7:35 p
5:00p Santa Rosa. | '
7:30 a : 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3 :30 p 3 :30 p I
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg;. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. _• |
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland. |10:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 a! 3:30 p| and Uklah. j 7:35 pj 6:20 p
* :30 a | S:00a| Wlllits. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30a| 8:00 al • 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guerneville. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:3Oa|.S:0Oa| " Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p|*5:CO p[ Glen Ellen. I 6:06 p| 6:20 p
¦ 7:30 al S:0Oa| : ; 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pi Sebastopol. |7:35p|6:20p
¦ STAGES connect at Green . Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springe; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs* at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, LaKo-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerly'e
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, HullvUle, Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg
Westport, Usal; at Wlllits for Fort Bragg.'
Westport, Sherwood, Can to, Covello, * Lay ton-
ville, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and E'-reka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced • •rates. ...
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronicle
butldlnc. .-.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paa». Agt.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEpAiiA~
(ORIENTAL. STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hloro).
Nagasaki and! Shanghai, and connecting at
Honrkone with steamers for India, etc. • No
cargo received on board on day of ratlin*
S. 8. AMERICA MARU .'.
Tuesday. November 10 1903
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, December 3, 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila)
..Wednesday, December 30, 1003
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at, reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
TO S. S. SIBERIA PASSENGERS.
Mr. Leon L. Collver of "The Collver Tours,"
Boston, has. through his Yokohama agent, con-
tracted for the services of the available Japa-
nese-English-speaking guides of the Hrst class
for the time following th« arrival of the "Sibe-
ria" at Yokohama, and, Is prepared to arrange
for tripe through Japan on the "inclusive" ba.
sis. all details of the highest class. LEON L.
COLLVER. 301 Examiner building, San Fran,
dsco. . * : _
€ceanic8.s.co:sa«
S.S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 26, 11 a. m.
S.S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Oct. 29. 2 p. ni.
S.S. ALAMEDA/for Honolulu, Nov 7. 11 a. ra.
iilP£ECmJ4HMI.e8..Ajtl..Tttlt3Ito,B4SIir W a
Jfi^tSIS^JlJBirtat.UfStfli.J.fwait
Jj CALIFORNIA
1 Lin ITED TO CHICAGO B
[ Leaves Mondays and Thursdays B
H at 0:30 a. m., through In 8 days, B>
K with diner and all trappings. . . B
Other Santa Fe Trains :
oiin ?* «' I for Stockton, Fresno, Baktrefield,
I'oOp.'m.'i" Merced, Hanford and Viaalia.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton. I
8:00 p. ra. for Kansas) City, Graad Canyon and
I Chicago. ,
Ticket OF?icm: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. S. Y. Also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal. V
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Ti» Siiuliu ferry , Arrive
San Francisco * fat tt Mirktt ft. San Francisco
Week Sun- ' Sun- Weelc
Days. da>-s da>-s Days.
•1:45p 9:OOa wSSSJj^^tf l:25p3:5Up
S:15p 1O:OOa \^tet«^F 2:5Op5:.%<»p
11:OOa >@5g§^ 4:5Op 0:5Of
*Coaa»ct vith ittg> for ** Bipsta ani Villoy C«jb»
TICKT j 626 Markht ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
Of WCtS \ and Sausauto Kerry Foot Market St.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
yf\<r c^v Steamers leave San Frari-
'/xjS^ t "^^V\. cl8co as follows :
WiC m XtffV For Ketchlkan, Wrangrel,
/¦a./ VlftiteHni \<A\ Juneau, Ualnes. Skagway.
\Mi3kSI I eU '-. Alaska— 11 a. m., Oct.
\ \ vF&t&A! .} 23. 28. Nov. •-'. Change to
Viv \\ /fit company's steamera at Seat-
vrj<-— - 4y tie,
For Victoria, Vancouver.
• Port Townsend, Seattle. . Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom— 11 a. m.. Oct. 23. 2b.
>>ov. 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seat-
tle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to
*»• ™. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona 1:30
P. m.. Oct. 25. 31. Nov. 6; Corona, 1:30 p. m.,
Oct. 22, 28. Nov. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anpeles and
Kedondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
tan ta Rosa. Sundays It a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simon, Cayucoa. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Cooa Bay. 0 a. .m.. Oct. 24. Nov. 1.
Bonita. 9 a. m.; Oct. 20. 28. Nov. 5.
For Ensenada. Magdalcna Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. . ¦ ¦-- ........
For further information obtain folder
RlKht is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates •¦ s . <
TICKET OP2PICES— 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
CD. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
6. R. «£ N. CO.
'.'Columbia" sails Oct. 20 30. Nov 9 19 29
Dec. ». 19. 29. "George W.. Elder" sails Oct!
25. Nov. 4, 14. 24. -Dec. 4, 14. 24. Only ateam-
shlp line to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail
line from Portland to all points East. Through
tickets to all points, all rail or steamship and
rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets in-
clude berth and meals, fiteamer sails foot of
Spear at. -at '-11 a. m. S. F.< BOOTH. Gen.
Agt.' Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery st. : C CLIF-
FORD. Gen. Agt.,Frelght Dept.. 3 Montgomery.
COMPAONIE GENERALE TRANSATL ANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS." iji^n—
Sailing every Thursday Instead or «sftLfi2L
Saturday, .at, 10 a. "m., from Pier 42, **rm¥tfF
North : River, - foot 'Of Morton street. • ' • . ¦*• \-
. First-claas to Havre. $70 and upward." Sec-
ond-class to " Havre, $45 and '.upward.*.-' GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR, UNITED STATES AND
CANADA; 32 Broadway (Hudson Building)
New York.' J.' F. FUGAZI & CO.. I'acifip Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue." San Francisco.
Tickets aold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. :
'•'. '¦ Mare \ Island and Vallejo Steamersj.
; Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:43 a. m., .1:15 and 8:30 p. m.,_exceot. Sunday.
Sunday, . 9 :45 a." m.,' 8 :30 p.' m.' * Leave Vallejo •
7 a.. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. ••7 a. 1 m..-4:15 p.'m.-* Fare, 50 cents. >.. Tel
Main 15O8.~ : Pier 2, Mlsslon-st: dock. . HATCH
buos. srtMBMUJgWS^?--; -¦
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave anil are duo to arrive at
»AX FBAUCWCO.
•r\' <M*ln Una. Toot of Market Street )
LBATK — rSQMOcrOBK»ai. 1*B- ~ *» ltTI
7.00^ Benlcia, Sulsun, Elmira »nU 8»cr»- _^
mento i'ce
7.00a Vscarille, Winters. RumseT. J.ozr
7^0a Martinez. 8sa Ramon, Vallejo,
If sps, Callstogs,, Santa Rosa 8-2Sr
7-30a ITUes. LiTermore, Tracy. Lathrop.
Siockton 7.2Sr
800* Davis. Woodland. Knlgnts Landing.
Marrsvllle. OroTille .Z'55 r
8 00a Atlantic Express— Ogden sad East. 10.25a
8.30a Port Costa. Martinez, Antloch. By-
roa,Tracy,8tockton. Sacramento,
Kewman, Los Banos. Mendota,
Armona, Lemoore, Haoford.
< Ylsalla. Portervflle 4,23r
8 J0a fort Costa, Martinez. Tracy. Lath-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Fresno.
Goshen Junction. Lemoore, Han-
ford. Visalla. Bakersfleld 4.5OF
8.30* Shasta Express — Davis. Williams .
(for Bartlett Springs). Willows,
t.^rnto. Red Bluff. Portland 7-55*
830* Kiles, San Jose. Llvermore. Stock-
ton.Ione.Saeraraento,FlacerTllle,
MarysTlile. Chlco. Red Bluff 4.25r
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora, Tuolumne and Angels f ?2 F
900a Martinez and WsyStations ,251*'
10.00a Vallejo- 12.2ar
10.00a El Paso Passenicer. Eastboand.—
Port Costa. Martinez, Byvon.
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, Baa-
ford. Vlsalia. Bakersfleld. Lo«
Angeles and El Paso. (West-
bound arrives via Coast Line)... ai-ZQr
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogdea.
Denver, Omaha, Chicago 5ti p
12.00*1 Bayward. Nlles and Way Stations. 3.25?
tLOOr Sacramento River Steamers til.OOr
33Qt Benicla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing.
MarysvUle, Oroville and way
sutions...'. 1 9lf A
3-30* Hayward.Xlles and Way SUtions.. 7-65*
3.30r Port Costa, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced, Fresno and Way Su-
tfons beyond Port Cosu 12-25P
3 30r Martinex. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt... 10.25a
¦ 4 COr Marttnez.Sau Ramon. ValleJo,Napa,
CallstOKa, Santa Rosa. 9 25a
4 00* Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.25f
4-30r Bayward. Nlles. Irrington, San I f 3.55*
Jose. Llvermore ( 111.55*.
£ COr The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos. Mendota. Fresno. Talare,
liakersfleld. Los Angeles 855*
6-OOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 1 J25r
' t5-30r Hay ward, SUe» and San Joss 7.25a
6-OOf Bayward. Klles and Can Jose. 10 25*
6.00r Orient*! Mall— Ogden, Denver.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and ¦
. E»«, Port Cosu. Benlcia. Sal-
sun, Elmira, Davis, Sacramento,
Rocklln. Auburn, Col fax,
Truckee. Boca. Reno, Wads-
worth, Winnemucca, Battls
Mountain. Elko 4 25'
C.OOr Vallejo, daily, except Sunday... . I t ee,
7-OCf Vallejo. Sunday onlv f tosr
7C0r San Pablo. Port Cosu. Martinez
and Way Stations. 11.25a
tt&r Oregon A California Express— Bae>
ramento, Marysvllle. Reddlaff.
Portland. Puset Sound and East. 8-55 a
S.10p Bayward, Nlles aad Saa Jose (Sun-
' dayonly) '....:. 1155*
COAST LINE (-narrow Ua« S e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8-15a Kewarjc CentervlUe. Saa Jose.
Felton. lioalaer Creek. Santa
Cruz and Way Sutions 555f
ri.15r Newark, Centervllle, San Jose.
Kew Almaden. Lo* Gato«.Fe!ton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and
* Principal Way Sutions 1045a
4 15r Kewark. Saa Jose, Los Gatos and
way station* tS-55 A
-3 30? Banters Train, Saturday only, San
Jose and Way Sutions. Sunday
only retnrns from Los Gatos t7 25p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
. turn SAN lUAMClSCO. Foot of Market St. (SlipO
-t?:13 t:00 11:00 a.m. 100 300 6.15 PJa.
from OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t6:U> $3:M
t9:05 1U:0Ua.m. 12.00 2.00 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE <Broad Uaaire).
PT" (Third and" Townseiyl Street*.)
610a San Jose and Way Sutions. 6 30r
7 00a Sao Jose and Way Stations ... 533'
8 00* Kew Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only). 4. 10'
8 00a CoastLlne Limited— Stops only Ssn
N -- Jose. Gilroy (connection for Bol- ' >
lister), Pajaro. Castrovtlle. Sar
Unas. San Ardo. Paao Roblea.
SanUMsrgarlta. San Luis Oblspo.
Principal stations thence Barf -
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal lUtlons thence SanU Bar- ; .- r ..>;
. bars, and Los Aogeles. Connec-
tion at CastroTiiia to and from
Monterey and Faclflc Grove 10.45"*
8.00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnos. Capitola, . . : _.
SantaCruz.Pac!acGroTe.Sallnaa.
San Lais Obtspo and Principal
Way SUtions 4.10»
1030* BaoJoie and WsyStations........ 120r
11.50* Sanu Clara, San Jose, Los Gatos *
and Way SUtions 7J0r
130r San Jose and Way SUtions 8-38*
A.COp Pacific Grove Rxpress — SantaClara>
San Jose. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa'
Clara for SanU Cruz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gilroy for Hollister. Tres
Plnos. at CastrovlUe for Salinas. 12-15'
t.ZOr Gilroy Way Passenger 510 43a
t4 45r San Jose, (via SanU Giara) Los
Gatos. and Principal Way Sta-
tion* (except Sunday) *9 2S*
16-SOr San Jose and Principal Way SUtions t8CJ*
6. COr Sunset Limited. Eastbound.— San
Luis Obtspo. SanU Barbara, Los
1 • Angeles, beming. El Paso. Kew
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
arrives via San JoaqutnVanry)... st925a
t6.15i» BanMateo,Beresford,BeImont.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t? - f5 A
S.JOr Saa.Io»e and Way SUtions..... .... 83oa
11 .30r South San Francisco. ilUlbrse. Bur-
Ungame, San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Kedwood. Fa r Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo A1W 9.45?
a11.30r Mayfleld. Mounuin View. Sunny-
vale, Lawrence. Sanu Clara and
» San Jose -.....,. t9-45F
A for Morning. P tor Afternoon.
t Sunday only. „ .
I Stops at all sutions on Sand ay.
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
? Via Coast Line. « Via San Joaquln Valley.
taT Only trains stopptng at Valencia 8u sonthbound
»«tilOA.sf.:i?:COA-i«!l"=»*''-8 : SOF.it.and»:3Or.«.
HT0 SAN RAFAEL,
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via fciausalito Ferry.
?i^°'.v?S 615 7 00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:43 p. m.
£1 to and from Saa Quen-.
n S M^Tm. 12-33. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 3:05. «:05.
7-06 9:00, 10:35 p. m. . -
*.w». •• THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m., week days — Cazadero and way
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomatea and way station*. •
3:15 p. -'in.. Saturday*— Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point P.eyes aad way
stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «26 Market st.
FERRY- Unlou Depot, foot of Market sC
" • OCEAN TBAVEIi. ' : } V '^
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK-SOUTHAMPTOX-LONDON.
N. York.Oct. 28. 10 am[S.Louls.Nov.l4,0:30 am
Phlla..Nov. 7. ff:30 amlN.York.Nov.Sl.Bt.to am
, ATLANTIC TBAKSFOBT LINE. ™
Kew York — Zioncon Direct.
MInh'ha.Oct. 31.1:30pm|Mntka..Nov.l4,l :3O nm
Meaaba...Nov. 7. 0 amlMineapls.Nov. 21.7 am
Only First-class Pas-sengers Carried
DOMINION LINE. •
i Boston — Queemtowa — Liverpool.
Cambroman.....Oct. WlColumbus ...T.Nov 12
Mayflower ......Nov. 5|Coramonwealth.Nov." in
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Canada .....;. .Oct. . 31|Kens!ngrton ... .Nov. 20
Southwark .....Nov. 7[Canada .....;..Dec 6
p° Bton Mediterranean »'«« '
AZORES-GIBUALTAU-KAPLES-OENOA .
Vancouver •.^.-.'..'.•..Saturday. November. 21
.. Hew York — Antwerp — Paris.
Zealand.Oct. 31.10 amlVadld.Nov.14. 10:30 am
Kew York— Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays
Arablc.Oct.30.12:30 pralMajestlc.Nov.vli noon
Victorian. Nov.3, 3 pm Celtic .Nov. -13* noon
CedricNov. 4.. 3:30 pm Armenian.Nov.17 a Dm
C- D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agt. Pacific Coast
21 Poet St.. " San Francisco.
V -- . ', •. '.-•..; . /RAILWAY TBAVZEb;
Special Excursions to the East I
With Stops at Salt Lake City and Denver.
If you want to see the sights going East remember that the Burlington Route has arranged for j
special parties to leave , Oakland Pier every Friday evening. They will travel in Pullman tourist I
sleeping cars via Salt Lake City and the Denver & Rio Grande Railway to „ Denver, and the Burling- jj
•ton Route to Omaha, Chicago and Boston. Stops for sight-seeing will be made at Salt Lake City and jjj
Denver. The stop at Salt Lake City wilhbe sufficient to see all of the many interesting sights. If
If you want to "see the country" oifyour way East this is the excursion to join. It i3 personally con- |j
ducted, being in charge of one of -the Burlington's most experienced men. He has made the overland i J
journey a score of times or more, is familiar with all the points of interest along the line and is qualified
to give passengers a great deal of useful and reliable information, besides being of great assistance |j
in other ways. •. Ladies traveling alone or with children will especially appreciate this feature. i j
Burlington Route personally conducted parties for the East also leave San Francisco every Tuesday and [ J
Thursday going through in a Tourist Sleeper, personally conducted, by way of Salt Lake City and Colorado, I!
and without stops, so if you are in a big hurry, start on one of these days. 1 1
All these parties go through Colorado by daylight, affording a splendid view of the incomparably grand 1]
Rocky Mountain scenery. |j
Let me tell you more about these parties and how much money you can save by joining one of them.
»i.— g^^Hl OOLJRON. a " cut this out.
IlinHmilNlIll! W. D. SANBORN, General Agent Burlington Route,
jOJiuiUqJdjJJi 631 Market Street, 8AN FRANCISCO.
Please send me complete information about your personally
PwliSMtfc^ I ' conducted tourist car parties to eastern cities.
I want to go *"
The greatest Exposition that the world has ever
seen, will be held at St. Louia in 1904. Name ! j — .
854 , . . . Address
Jy Three Fast Trains^
if Chicago' and East II
|| Southarn Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago * North-Watlern Ryt. ffl M
mJ®l Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment JpM ¦
' observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; gfJW
' «k« meals in dining . cars. Mm
For sloeninj: car reservations, tickets and information jfif §9
apply to agents Southern Pacific Co., or to J$r^E&
R. R. RITCHIE. General Azent. M^^T
CHICAGO « HORTH-WESTERN RY.
\^^T||^m^ San Francisco, Cat. "l^^^gj^B^M2f»th ijeriflian— Pariflc Time)
PAN FRANCISCO. Ot. 21—5 p. m.
The foV.oving are the seasonal rainfalls <*
Cate as compared with those of same dale last
s*-g»on. and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
L«st This Last
Ss.tif.ns— 2« Hour*. Season. Season.
>-ur»ka T. .1.24 1.03
Kr<1 Bluff 0.00 O.«4 1.50
Facrerr<ento 0.00 0.14 it Hi
s^an Francisco .. O.oo n.i" O.C6
Tresno o.fio O.OO T.
In<1e.pen<Ience O.<V> T. O 30
Han I.ult Oblspo.. Q.™ O.02 «.o<
LOS Ansele« 0.CO O.4S T.
DiPBO .: O.O0 0.06 0.92 j
THE COAST RECORD.
6TATION. 7 <g Is f'f f^ if
r^L 5? ¦ 2 * '" »« s w pt cidy .m
£!-::** »•*• B2 40 H Cloudy T.
E" r "" cn ';»i<2 r-i r, 2 nw cloudy .<«>
f"'!", 0^ »••« M »« NT Clear .00
J^MTf-taff :ui.(4 «vj 24 E Clear 00
Independent Z4Ui K2 gj % .-«»
S,V-::#fJ « « % 'ZZ ¦¦«
\>Jy ? ...30.1« m .» \V CI^MT .00.
fsar-fcii sa s s w a^-?s
H*d Bluff ...:29.8s w M FE ne. r Fg /o0
Sacramento ..29.S(5 K2 T.4 N Ih.fe on
Halt L*ke 30.10 g 4} N oS? 'oO
Kan Fr.nciBco.23.ft2 »5« M p W O«r '«O
Wlnnemucca .30.10 74 2S NE Sew I™
uma » •'» *•'« SS N'E Clear .V0
V.HATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FOP.ECAST.
TSe prcfieure is beginning to fall along th«
cw.« of Northern California and OregoS. A
.,io<l. rtte <5Inturh/«nce OAerUes the Valley O f I
Ihc Colorado and conrtiUon* are «uch that '
thoT.crs mar occur suddenly in the southern '
. - - ¦
Quotations for Beana. show considerable
change In a small 'way. Colored are weak as
a. rule, while white. are «1I1 firm and in de
mand for shipment. ¦ : The October short interest
in Pinks is said not to be very large.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40£2 50; Pea, $3 25; But
ters, ?3 25:-emall White. $2 90^3 25; large
White, $2 5C$2 90; >j Pink ; $2 40(g2 50; Red,
$2 J>0f3; Lima, $3; Red Kidneys. » $4 15«?4 25;
Blackeye. $2 25@2 40 per ctl; Horift Beans,
$1 50#2. ..:¦..¦-.*
¦ SEEDS — Brown Mustard, ¦-, nominal;' Tellow
Mustard, $2 C5;-.Flax, $1 70®l ?0; Canary.
BS:5V*c for -Eastern; "Alfalfa. -12®13c;- Rape,
1%6^/sc; Timothy, 6««%c: Hemp, .1t(@.ti;,.
per lb; Millet,, 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20®
23 per tbn. ' . ' ' WWtes^Bfeig
¦ DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80®2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Articles— Open. High. . Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— -
December ...... M% 81 80 80%
May .....: 78%. 79% 78« 19%
Corn NO. 2—
October 43% 43% 43% 43%
December ..;... 43% 44 43% 43«i
May..... 42% 42% 42% 42%
Qata No. 2— . . ' -
October ........ .... ' 35%
December 35% 35% 35 35*6
May 36% - 36% 35% .36%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
October » 00 11-10 11 00 11 10
January 11 W) 1190 11 82% 11 82%
May.... .12 00 12 05 1190 II 00 ,
Lard, per 100 lbs— -
October ........ 6 65 6 55 « 45 6 45
January ........ 57% ' 6 62% 6 52% ; H 62%
May ««7%'6 72% 6 60 6 62%
• Short Rlbrf) per 100 lbs—- -
October .... . v . . .... 8 50
January ........ 6 30 - 6 SO 6 20 6 20
May 6 37% « 37% 6 32^6 32%
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
' Choice Burbanks from continued to
mov* freely under a good demand for local con
eumption," while river and ; Oregon : stock con
tinued quiet and easy/ There iwas some little
demand r from ' outside, points - : and ¦¦-'¦¦ It was re
ported that one • or i two «?ar« were " shipped * to
Texas. ; Two more cars of S^eet PotntooB ar
rived from . Merced 1 and * the market ¦ was •¦ easy
at the - previously ; quoted rate. Strictly fancy
Onions were in good request and a little firmer,
but common ¦ stock, which was . abundant., con
tinued dull." '¦:¦:"¦ " i :
Recplpt* of T ; miscellaneous vegetables tvere
moderate and good : stock met . with ready sale.
Receipts ¦ofiTomatoftswert: less liberal than on
the preceding day Sand? choice lots cleaned i up
quickly: at • an- advance. 1 .0 Poor' and soft stock
continued; plentiful and easy, hence .the Jwid«
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about - 1 %c under quotation*. :- - H»av> . Salted
Bteers,- 9%c; medium. 8%c; light, 8c: Cow
Hides, 8c ¦- for heavy and 8c for 'light;: Stags.
6c;: Salted -Kip, 8%c: -Salted V'«al. 9%c;
Salted Calf.'lOc; dry Uldes, 15©15«c; dry Kip.
13c;dry Calf, 17e: Sh«psklni, ahearllngs. 25®
306 each; short Wool, 40fi»SC<S each: medium. 70
©Ode; long Wool," $1©1 50 each; Home Hides,
salt, $2 75 for. large and $2«2 50 tor medium.
$1 25(91 75 for small, and SOc for Colts;. Horse
Hides, - dry, •' $1 -75 for large ana $1 60. for me
dium $l(rl 25- for' small and 50c lor Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 32c: dry aaltcd
Mexican, '25c;: dry Central American, 32c.
Goat^ Sklns-r- Prime Angoras. ; 75c; largo and
smooth '-SOe; medium,', 35o: small, 20c. ¦>¦.': t
TALLOW — No. ;1 rendered, 4%e p*r lb; No.
2. -4o;- grease; 2%®3c- : ; . . .
¦ ¦- WOOL— Fall - elip^-San Joaquin Lambs', 0@
lie; Middle County, Il@t2c; \ Northern Free.
ll@-12c; - Northern = ; Defective. *10«nic; •¦ Hum
boldtand Mendoclno,12@Hc; Nev»nla.'13'J15o:
Oregon, fine. 1801O<*;- Oregon, 1' medium; 17c
,per lb. ¦ ¦;" •¦ -''"- ¦"-;; ¦• ¦¦- ¦ '.' ¦*¦' '¦ ¦ ¦' ' ¦ ¦'¦ - -' v '•¦¦¦ ~ ¦ ' " •*
• ¦ HOPS— 20^230 per. lb for California and 20®
23c for Orecon. \
Hides, Wool, Tallow and Hops.
NO further change is reported In a-nything.
The market is qiilet. -
CURED, MEATS— Bacon. ; 12o yer lb for
heavy, 12Hc for light medium. 14Vio for light,
15c for extra light, 18c '.for sujrar-.-rured and
19o for extra sugar-cured; £astern-sugar
cured Haras, 15Vic; California Hums. I4%c;
Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess.
$12&12 50; Family, $13® 13 30; prime &lt«s
POrk. $19; extra clear. $23; Mes«, $20; >. Dry
Salted Pork, 12%c; Pig Fork, $23; Pigs' Feet,
$5 25; Smoked Beef, IBe per lb. % ,
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7Wc I.er . lb for
compound and it'ofOVic for pure: half barrels,'
pure,*9%cMu-lb Unit. O^QlOc; 5-lb tins. 10%<j$
lOHc; 3-ib tlnc'-lOUOluWc.- . .
COTTOLENE — One . half barrel. »5ic; thre*
half barrels 9%c; 6ne tierce, «"ic; two tierces,
Olic; five tierces. 9%c rer lb.
Provisions.
There is no further change In any descrip
tion. Feedstuff* are firm, and Hay is consider
ably steadier than . It was a few days ago, aa
receipts are running more moderate. . -;
¦ BRAN— $21 50© 23 per ton.
. MIDDLINGS— 127^28 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $21 60$ 23 per ton.
FEKDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24f25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26028 50; lob
bing. $27^27 50; Cocoanut Cake. *21i$22; Corn
Meal. $30®31; Cracked Corn, $.10 50^31 SO;
Mixed Feed, $22 50@23 50; Horse Beans, .$309
40 per ton. . • f--. •.. :
HAY— Wheat, $13016. with .sales of extra
choice at $10 00; Wheat and - Oat, $12 50';*
15 60; Oat, $12 50®14 60; Wild Oat. $11 50®
12 50; Barley. $10012 60; Stock. $&Q10; Alfal
fa, $10jtll 50 per ton.
STRAW— 40@65c per bale.
Hav and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $1 50<S4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 00ig4 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 90©4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are an
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra, cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy. . $-»£* 25; ¦ Buckwheat
Flour. $4 60S4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 76; Fa
rina, $4 BO; whole Wheat Flour, $3 80; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25©8 60; In sacks, $6 75®fc 10;
Peart Barley. $0: Split Peaa, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs. .
Flour and Millstuifs.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. — There was good demand
from commission houses for both December
and May wheat early In the session and with
offerings quite light the market took on a
strong tone, December advancing, to 81c after
opening a shade to %S%c higher -at 8O-8T®
80%c. The rally was helped, by the firm out
side markets and by reports from the North
west of a big business there yesterday for
shipments Ea«t, together with a fair export
business reported at New York. Shorts cov
ered freely near the early hours and prices
held strong until toward noon, when 1 * reversal
of sentiment occurred. Several prominent com-*
mission houses were liberal sellers during the
latter part of the day and tht-ir action was fol
lowed by many pit traders j who were influ
enced by the prospects of increased receipts in
the Northwest with a lessening of the cash
premiums The market was weak late In the
day December selling down to 80c and closing
at 86%c. a low of %@%c.
forn ruled fairly but trading was
Ilpht and mostly for local account. After sell
ing between 43%©43%ck and 44c, December
closed %c hlgner at 43%e. -.
There was a good general demand for both
December and May oats, and the market held
firm the entire session. December closing up
%c at 35%e. after ranging between 35@35?6c.
Proxisions were firm early on covering of
shorts In lard, supposed to be for foreign ac
count and an improved cash demand from
shippers. Realizing by local longs and selling
by smaller packers caused a loss of the open
ing firmness, and the market closed steady,
pork 5C lower, January lard unchanged and
rib* 5c hljher.
The leading future* ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
C and M. Schlueter to Mercantile ¦ Trust
Company (corporation), lot on S tin* of gutter
street. 125 W of Larkin. W 4A by 3 1»: $1«.
Horace and Edith K. Davis to AnnU B.
Rucker, lot on W line of Gough ttnet. 1SJ:8
N of Broadway, N 27:6 by W 110; $10.
William W. and Nellie C. Van Arsdalt to
Central Trust Company, lot on N line of Pa
cific avenue. 100:1% E of Buchanan. E 24:4%
by N 127:*!i;. $10.
Benjamin Harris to Thomas and Sarah H.
Charlton, lot on N line of Oreen strwt. 28 W
of Laguna. W 26:9 by N 100: $5000.
• Emma G. Butler to John W. Flinn. lot en S
line of Geary street. 137:6 E of Webster. B
137:6 bv S 137:6; $10.
Charles F. Doe to Berthe Lipman. lot en E
line of Middle street. 112:6 N* of Pine, N So by
E &9: $10. i
Charles N. Sutro to Estell» A. Marks (wtf«
of William) lot on X line of Clay street. 110 B
•of Cherry, E 27:6 by N 120; $10.
Elizabeth Pow to John A. Dtmmig, lot m»
W line of Hardy street. 235 N of SeventMnth.
N ?5 by W 80; $10.
John L. and Kate Burgoss to May E. Dlnetn.
r»-reoord 1S4« D. »<53. lot en 8 lin# of Fif
teenth street. 210 W of Castro. S 1(8:4%. N
12:4% NW to point 17:4% S of Fifteenth. V
17:4%, E 42:5: $10.
Bernard or Barnard Dovd to Mary E- Dotrd.
lot on E line of Howard street, «t S of Twen
ty-third. S 26. E 122 :«. N 20. W 37:« r NHW
85; $10.
Agnes Eberhart (Ko*ni*;) (Bomke) wif« «f
Joseph, to Bridget Flaherty <wlfa Of Mlcha«t
E.) lot ob W Una of Alabama street. 215 S of
Twenty-fifth. 8 25 by W 1C0; $10.
David W. Cronln to Daniel J. and Ella Cro
nln. lot on W line of Florid* street. 195 3 of
Twenty-sixth. S 25 by W 10O; $10.
Catherine Ramsey to Roy T. Klmbalt. lot
on S line of Day street, 205 E of Sanchez.
E 25 by S 114; *10.
Mary E. Blgelow to Julius and S«lma> Ri«
me*. lot on S lin*» of Broadway. 153:4 W of
Jones street. W 23 by S 60; $10.
Margaret M. McLatighlln to Wtred Mc
lAUShlln. lot on SE lin# of Perry itre*t. S30
SW of Third. SW 23 by SE 80; $10.
Sarah Bacome to William Bacome, lot en
NW line of Clementina. stre«t. 223 NE of
Fourth. NE 25 by NW SO: gift.
William M. and Mary E. de Waif to Joseph
P. McMahon. lot on N Una of California street.
57:6 W of Twtnty-ieconc! avenue. .W. S3 by
N 100; $10.
Same to Marl- C. MeMahon. lot en N iia»
of California street 82:6 W of Tw-enty-seeoni
avenue, W 25 by N 100; $10.
J. Frank and Marea Walters to <?«org« A.
Turner, tot on E line of Thirty-ninth »v«nu»,
180 8 of Clement street, S .1*:<i by E 120: Itn.
John M. and Anne Ahern to Johanna, A.
Ahern lot on NW corner of Eighteenth arenus
and D street. U 100 by W 32:*; rift.
John E. and Alexander M. Rub«rts->n to
Mary B. Kirkpatrick. lot on E lin- of Thlrty
seventh a»venu*. 200 N of D street. N l*y> by
E 120; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Henrietta Mmor,
lot on N line of K street. 82:6 W of Forty
teventh avenue, W 50 by N 100: $10.
LMpoid and Sophie Newman to Bernharl
Geta lot on W line of Forty-fifth avenue.
150 S of K street. S 25 by W »20; «10.
Jamos J. Ululin to Mary J. Wirrtan. lot
en W line of Forty-eighth avsnu«. 212:« 8 of
K street. S 25 by W 120; gift.
3. Ducas Company to William and. Hannah
Glover, lot 9. block F. Haley Purchase; $10.
Emma. P. Clarke to C2iar!ea A. Kmnear, lot
en S line of Army street. 393:9 SS of Million.
S 110. E 27:1. N 10f>. NW 5, W 25, Prcetta.
Valley lot 8S; $10.
Max and Etta Welnatein to Le«t>otd: vCein
steln. lot on tTR corner of Gir»r»l and Otm»
stead streets. N 75 by B 120. lots 13 and 13.
block 11, Paul Tract: $10.
R. A. and Ellie Vance to F". • J. and Emma
A. Oberst. lot on S line of Aldint strtet. l«i>:A
B of North Wlllard. S 124, SE tn point IU g
of Aldlne. N to AMlne. W 20:3: $10.
James and Annie Warren to Henry P-' Bowie,
lot eu N"Hn* of Metros* avenue. 80 W from
B line of Stanford Addition. W tn by N 1W:
block 134. Sunny side Addition No. 1: «.
Frank E.- Nielsen to Henry C. Toz*r, lot on
S tine of Montana street, 3&0 W ot Capltot.
W 75 by N 125. lot *. block U, lUtlroad
Homestead Association: S10.
Albert P. Booth to George H. CTarlc. un
divided % of lot on R line of V*n Nes« ar*
nue. 50 S of Turk street. S 4«:S by E 119:
$10. ,
Emelle Lyon.<< to Matilda Handman. lot oil
N lln* of Filbert ntrttt. 100 W of Steiner. vT
25 by N 1«:«: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Au
gust an<J Mari« E. Schaefer. lot en N lln« of
Fulton street. 37:8 E of Scott.' E 29 by H
1C0; $~ — .
Ausrust and Mart* E. Schaef*r to John J.
and Mary A. Mahony. lot beginning 41:19 JJ
or Fulton street and 37:«% E of icott. B
0:0H N 15:4. E 0:0%. S 15:4, quitclaim
d«e<i;'¥l. |"9 a "a)ilRiHMpH
Gaston Strau* <by G. H. Umbsen. eonunts
nicner) to EHxabrth G. Baldwin, lot on SK
corner of Brc.dertck and Green streets. 8 137:4
by E 137:6: also lot on NB corner j of Bro4
er'cv- find Green *tre«ta. N 137:6 by E 137:6;
$12 £47. »aarilWairo»p^si | «w'lJMWJfti^sj»j|j
Elizabeth G. Baldwin to Gastan Straus,
same; $10.
George and Flora Williams to Georgtt B.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Ask-1.
Alma . . .' 1 20 1 40
Apollo 40
A*i«ociatrd Trust Certificates. ..... 20
A«*c ik)
CaliforniA Standard 11 \<x
Caribou.. 1 ©0 105'
Central Point Con «t ....
Chicago Crude 19 ja .
CUremunt 25 30
Esperanza .'. 135 .....
Four a". • ...... \. ...••..••..... QA ?a
Fulton ...: 3 f* ./..
Giant 20
Hanford ...130*0 ......
Home ,W^^7iT«||
Imperial ...: » ..... . ig
Independence 1H 20
Junction *..«. • ia
Kern ..... 5 00
Kern River 1350
Lion'.... :......... 03 .....
Monarch of Arizona ., 50 62
Monte Crlsto '.. 73 «o *
Ocldental of W Va 17 l»
Oil City Petroleum ....¦...;. 28 .29
Peerless 13 M ... .
Plttsburg- ;.. 25
ft#-ed Crude 41 aOO**'^
S P & MeKlttriCk :... 2 75
Ran Joaquln O & D.... 5 25
Senator^ ...'.... '75
Sovereign 3S 41
Sterling ...:...'...... .'.."•• 290
superior ...:: :.':.".^t:.~.'..t.\ -06 07 ¦
Thirty-three ..... . 7 75
California Stock and Oil Exchange
:* . SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 75c Kllauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C.,44% 40% Makawcll C. 21 22
Honokaa S CU2% — OnemeA S C. 32
Hutch S P C 10^ 10% paauhau S C 15% 16%
/ MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 154%iOc«anlc 8 C— 8%
Cal Fruit At. 93% — Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As. <? 95 I Pae C Borx.167 —
¦ ¦ Morning Session. *.¦'•'.'
; Board — ' ¦
100 8 F Gas & Electric Co. ......... to 50
$2000 S P of Arizona (1W0) 107 60
Afternoon Session.
Boattl —
10 Presidio Railroad Co 39 CO
1 Street— -.-¦'.
$2f>00 8 P Cal 1st cons 5a (stamped)... 108 75
$IO<V> fiprlngr Val 6 per cent bonds 106 00
$10,000 Bay. Counties Power Co 6s 102 00
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 31—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BOND?.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
4s or coup.. — — Us or new .. — —
4s qr reg... — — |3s qr coup.. — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s.' — — O T Co 6s.. — 110
Bay CPC Ps.103%104 Do con 5».1O3 105
Cal C G te.103 — O W C O 5«. — 97%
Cal G A. E g Oceanic S 5s. 75 79
m & ct 5s. — 102% Om R C 6s. — 122%
Cal-st 5s ... — — Pac G Im 4s — —
C C Wat 5«. — 100*i P E Ry fls.108 108%
E 1. A P 69.124% — P & C H ««. — —
F & C H 6*. 114 116% P & O R Cs.116% —
Geary-st ."m. 45 90 Powell-st ««. — 114
H C&3 5%«.1O1 — S E GAR 5s. — 10.1U
H C A S 5s. 9S 100 SF * SJV 5s — 117
Hon R T Ksioeuira s R of c tte.112% —
L. A Elec 5s. — 105 3 P of A 6s .
LA Ry5»..112 113*; <1009) 107% —
LALCb&i, - — miOl 108U109ii
Do gtd fia. - — S P of C Cs
I» gtd 5.«.102'«t05% OMVHSr A.102U —
LAP lem 5s. 103% <tftO5)Sr B.103 —
Mkt-st C 6S.11S — *l!)0«> ....104% —
Vn lem Rs. — 115 <1!U2) — ' I15»i
NRR of C«s- 107>lJ|SPC 1 es 5s. — 118%
Do 5s 114 11« Do ntm.pd.108%10»
N P C R 5*.10« — S P B R e». — 134
NCR 5s... — 112% P V W r"s..lO5*;iP«Ji
N C P C fls. — — Do 4s 2dm. 99 100
N S R 5s... 100 — Do 4s 3dm. »9 —
o rt 1. II !Ss.l«7%lO9 Stkn GAE «• 9« 102%
O T Co 6S..117 — ir O * B 5s —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Cotta 80% 50 IPort Oosta.. — —
Marin Co ... 61 — ISp V W Co. 39«i —
GAS AND ELECTRIC. '
C*nt L & P. 3«i 4% 8 F G & E. 66% 66fi
Mutual E L. 10% 11 S F Oft* ... 3 8U
Pac. G Imp.. 52% — Stock O * E 5
P»c Llrhtlne; 55% 56% U G A E — —
i TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
SFOtE. 66% 67
Flrem's Fnd.325
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 Mer Trust. ..225 — "
Anglo-Cal .. — 95 Merer. Ex . . — —
Bank of Cal. — 4S5 B F Nation!. — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 Ger SAL.— "—^
Flrt Nattonl -~ , — Hum StL.- —
L P & A.... — 170
SAVINGS BANKS.
Mutual Sav. — | See 8av Bk.400 800
R F Sav U..60A — Vnlon T CO. — '
Sav 4. L Soe 90 110 I\ ¦
STREET RAILROADS. N
California 1.1*1: 205 (Presidio .... — . _
Geary — V: 80 I
' POWDER.
Giant .\;:.\ «5% 67% Vlgorit — 5
Stock and Bond Exchange.
2 p. ra. Session.
December— $1 12.
OATS — Dealer* reported a very fair demand
yesterday, both for feed and seed at steady
prices. •
White, $1 20*81 32»i: Black. $1 4091 «2H:
Red, Jl 20«l 25 fcr feed and fl 20®! 35 fot
seed; Gray, $1 22>,i@l 27 V4 per ctl.
CORN— Continues very q»ilet at prices which
sr« rather weak than otherwise.
Western, sacked, $1 32\'t for Yellow, $1 S2y t
for White and ?1 30 for mixed; California larga
Yellow, $135(3140; small round do, nominal;
White. $1 35® 1 40 per ill.
RYE — $1 25«31 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 2562 50 per ctL
FUTURES,
Seeslcn 9 to 11:30 «. m
No f»\'\
Open. High. Ix>*-. Close.
May $1 40 $1 40 $1 4O $ 140
December ... 1 30% 1 40 1 39% 1 40
BARLEY— Previous prices rule, with a quiet
and steady market.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 12%@1 16; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 17%1T1 22%; Chevalier. $1 20$l 45 for fair
to choice.
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 40% $1 40% $1 40 $1 40
May 1 40% 1 40% 1 40 1 40
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m
California Club. $1 40<gl 45; California
White Australian. $1 50*1 66; Northern Club,
$1 4001 42%: Northern Blue Stem. $1 SOjjl 55;
Oregon Valley. $1 401?l 4R per ctl.
. WHEAT — The market continues quiet in all
positions, and quotations show very 11 tie varia
tion. Some. "> export business- ¦ was" reported at
New York yesterday, and Duluth sold 500,000
bushels for export.
In this market cash Wheat was reported in
fair demand and steady, but futures »-ere
weak.
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
New York Exchange is lower. Otherwise
there is not much change. >
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 Mji
Sterling Exchange, sljrht — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables — . 4 87 ii
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ! 07%
Silver, per ounce — 61%
Mexican Dollars 47 48
Exchange and Bullion.
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company paid
a rfffular quarterly dividend of $3 per share
ye/terday.
All the property of the Pacific Gas Improve
ment Company and the Equitable Gaslight
Company has been deeded to the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company in the terms of the
recent mencer.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of $1 per share Octo
ber 29.
Trading on the exchanges was very light
again, both local securities and oil stocks be
ing neglected.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market was
firm for futures, with November-Decer.ib?r dfe
livery quoted at fi%@5%c. Spot supplies of
new fruit are In light compass and values un
certain Common are quoted at 4i§6%c; j>rlme.
SSi^ec; choice. 6^*%c; fancy. 6*i<B7r.
PRUNES — Spot prunes remain quiet. Quo
tations range from 3%c to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Are meeting with a little oetter
demand and rule steady. . Choice are quoieii at
9 Vic. extra choice at 10S10%c and, fancy *t
ll<gl2%C. •• .
PEACHES — Quiet. Choice are quoted at 7'i
if7%c. extra choice at.7»iS«Hc and fancy at
ftliflloVic. v
DRIED FRUITS.
WHEAT— Receipts, 6C.30O bushels; *pot,
steady; No. 2 rtd, 85%c elerator; No. 2 red.
8»te f . 0. b. afloat ; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
02VJc r. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
nominal f. o. b. afloat. In the early trading
to-day the market was strong and active again,
led bv December on further demands from
shorts. Higher Paris cables and export rumors
were the two chief bull Influences, supplemented
by light Northwest arrivals, strength of «a«h
markets and smaller receipts. Near the clos«
prices yielded tS realizing and were finally un
changed to %c net lower. May. S2 : ' 4 .jSWc,
closed 82%c; July. 79%e-80%c. closed 80c; De
cember. h8*f(£87 l-16c. closed 86%c
HOPS — Quiet; State, common to choice. 1903
crop, S0(g31e: 1W2 e^P. 21025c: Paeffic Coast,
1903 crop, ?2®2SV; 1902 crop, 21{K25%c.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice,
5%e: mild, steady: Cordova, 7%©7%c. Futures
closed steady, net unchanged to 10 points high
er. Sales, 105,000 bags, including: December,
6.30©5.3f>c; March, fi.50@5.60c; May. 5.70$5.80c;
July, 5.85@5.«0c; September. fi.9Og5.95c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; rVflned, quiet, 5.03e.
NEW YORK. Oct.. 21.— FLfcUR— Receipts.
23,298 barrels; exports. 4332 barrels; unsettled.
Nciu York Grain and Produce.
TACOMA, Oct. 21.— WHEAT— Higher; blue
stem. 82c; club, 78c.
WASHINGTON,
. PORTLAND. Oct. 21.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 74c; bluestem, 7Se; valley. 7Sc.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
TONOPAH MINKS.
Bid. As*. I 6td.Afk.
Esperanza .... 01 02lTon Belmtntt. »0 1 00
Gold- Moumn. — C5|T&Ca» 27 SO
Lucky Tom... 01 ©SiTon of Nev...« MS^
MacNamara. . 13 Mi Ton N Star.. SZ XI
Mlzpah Ex... — 32:Ton Midway.. S3 4O
Montana Ton. f+4 WS'Ton A S Lake 10 15
Paymaster ... 08 131 Ton Unlan.—. :•— 75
Pin* Grove... — 801 United Ton... — 'I*
Rescue ...... 09 C»!
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 21 — t p. m.
Bid.A*k. Bld.Ask.
Alpha O» 10 Julia 04 ts
Alta. 03 O4 Justice « W
Andes 22 %> Kentuck fH 03
Belcher 15 IS Keyes Grslr..l 70 1 75
Best *<Bel...l 40 1 60 Mexican 1 00 1 I 1 *
Bullion' 11 12|Occidental ... 23 25
Caledonia M 97Oph.tr 150 16%
Challenge 2» • Sli Overman .... 23 23
1 -hollar 22 24 Potosl 21 23
Confidence ... 70 75 Sarag« 24 2t»
C C & Va 1 2"> t ::5 Scorpion 02 <U
Con Imperial.. 0» 0» Set Belcher.. 06 07
Con N Y .. Oft lOlSlerra, Nev... 49 y>
Crown Point.. 18 1* Silver Hill... M 83
Eureka Con.. — 50\ St LouU 11 —
Exchequer ... 17 l^lSyndlcate ..>. — W
Oould A Cur. IS 19 Union Con... &S 5>
Hale * Nor.. 5* feOJUtah 1» 21
Lady Wash.. 03 04lYellow Jack.. 43 45
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
HONEY— Comb, new, 12@l4c for whtte and
fl^>llc for amber; new water white extracted,
5«i®»te: light amber extracted, 5c; dark.
8Vb»-»Hc. ¦ •
. BEESWAX-27@29c/ ,
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
Crop: 50rlb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 2-crown.
CH4e per lb; 3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 6%c; Seed
less Muscatels, 4Uc:. do floated. 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 4%e; Thompson's Seedless,
6%c. London Layers— 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
Jl 85; 4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dshesas,
2 50; 0-crown Imperials. $3;. Malaga Loose. 2
crown, 5c per lb; do 3-crown. 598c; Valencia
Cured, 4\ic; Pacific do. 8%c; Oriental do. 2% c.
Sf-eded Raisins — ie-oz. packages, fancy. 8c per
lb; choice, 7%c: 12-oa. packages, fancy, 6%c;
choice. «%c; in bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice. 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 eeftshell. 13%c; No.
2. - ll%c; No. 1 hardshell, 13c; No." 2, lie;
Almond*, lie for Nonpareils. 10%c for I X 1*
10% o for Ne Plus Ultras and S%c for Langu«
doc;-Peanuts. 637c for Eastern; Pecans, 110
13c; Cocoa nuts, $4 50©5; California Chestnuts.
lO^lRft per lb.
FRUIT — Apricots. 7@0%c for Royals and
Ofi'llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4%
@5%c; siui-drled, 3%<@>4c; Peaches, ¦ 5@7c;
Pear*, 0@10c; Nectarines, 4@5%c: Figs, white,
4^4y 4 c in boxes; black, 4»ic. Plum*, pitted.
6@9c per lb.
PRUNES— 1003 crop, 2Hf 3c * for the four
siies. . ¦
A consular r»pon on Smyrna Raisins' ap
pears In the first column. Prunes are selling
fairly. at the quotations. Honey is easy and
not overactlve. ,
Dried Fruits } Nuts, Raisins, Honey
MELONS — Cantaloupes, 7Sc<{f$l 50 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, S0"S?83c per box; Watermel
ons. ftifl'Oc each. ¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2 30<ff2 75 for
fancy Valencia*. $2@2 25 for choice and $1®
1 50 for standard: Lemons, $1@3 p«r box;
Grape Fruit. $1 50112 50; Mexican Limts, Uti
4 50; Bananas, $1411 75 per . bunch for Ha
waiian and $2i93 for Central American; Pine
apples, $2t?2 50 per dozen.
PERSIMMONS— 50c«?$l per box.
GRAPES — Isabella. W*9f>5c per crate; other
varieties. 35S50c for small boxes, 50-S60C for
crates and 75p®$1 25 for large open boxes;
Wine Grapes, $18ifl21 per ton for Zinfandel
and $14®16 for Mission; White, $15<916 p»r
ton.
PEAKS — Bartletts, nominal: winter varie
tits, 40fr75e' per box for common and ~5ctt
$1 for Winter Neilis. .
'QUINCES— 40-9 «Cc por box.
FIGS — *0«j50c for drawers and M>c@$l 50 for
large packages.
POMEGKANATESS-60(375c for small boxes
and $1 50<32 50 for large.
Malinda Strawberries were easier under
heavy receipts and the fanner* secured quite
a quantity at the minimum quotation. Long
worths and Raspberries were in moderate sup
ply and cleared up well. Huckleberries wen»
too scarce to quote. -There was nothing new
in Citrus' or Tropical fruits.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, $S per
chest: large berries. $1 5*Vfr3 50 for Mnllndas
and $4$B for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $t@6 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $D 60 per bbl;
Coos Bay, $3 per box.
APPLES— fl0e<9*l per box for fancy. 50®
85c for irood to choice and 25£40c for com
mon.
Some descriptions of fruit arrived rather late
In the day. having been delayed by the fofr,
but the. market was amply supplied with most
kinds and prices showed but slight variation.
Table Grapes in crates were easy, there being
no inquiry for shipping, while small boxes were
firmer under light receipt*. The previous high
prices of large open boxes drew in large sup
plies, and as a result the market weakened.
Some special lots of the Muscat variety sold
at $1 60. but the general run of offerings sold
within the quoted range. The quotations for
Wine Grapes were obtained only in a small
way for strictly fancy stock. Poor quality of
ferings of Zlnfandel, which constituted the
bulk of the receipts, were offering at $15^16
per ton. Tn« . Apple market was quiet, but
prices were unchanared. The market was over
loaded with poor stock, which lessened the sale
of the better grades. A small conslsn.ment of
Peaches in carriers was received from Santa
Clara. , The fruit was of good quality and
sold well at $1 25 per box. The other tree
fruits stood about the tame as previously
quoted. Melons were dull owing to the cool
weather, and large lines of poor Nutmegs wer«
offering below the quoted rates, with few
takers. - •>
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
FOR WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 21.
Flour, qr sks .. 24.7.1ft Potatoes, sks .. 6,475
Wheat, ctls .... 20 Onions, sks . 5O
Barley, ctls .... 8,390 Bran, sks 1,675
Oats, ctls 675 Middlings sks... 75
Tallow, ctls .... 867 Mfalfa Seed, sks 2a
Sugar, ctls .... 1,65(1 .Screenings sks. 4C0
Pelts, bdls .'... 255 Shorts, aks ... 200
Hides. No. 579'Fee<l. sks - . 08
Raisins. bx» ... 4,200 iBroomcorn. bdls : 317
Leather rolls .. 136 Wool bales ... ."so
Wine, gals 45,000 Hops' bales ... 652
Chicory, bbls .. 75' Straw." tons .. 10
Brandy, gals .. 25fl(Hay, tons ISO
Beans, sks .... 13.1671
v - •. OREGON.
Wool, bales 34
Receipts of Produce.
SEATTLE. Oct. 21.— Clearings, $751,252; bal
ances, $160.1*2.
TACOMA. Oct. 21.— Clearings, $337,563; bal
ances. $31,231.
PORTLAND. Oct. 21.— Clearings, $601,217;
balances, $50,647. < !
SPOKANE. Oct. 21.— Clearings, $462,735;
balances. $56,155. .....
Northern Business.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 21.— Wool, steady; medium
grades, combing and clothing. 17@21c; light
fine. 15^17%c: heavy fine. 12#14%c; tub
washed, 20030c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
Weather Report.
irr s\Trptom, is *trr»rjcly sHRjrestive of reac
tionary tendencies, if niercham* buy less as
they are doing, when th- harvest Is good end
fsrmrn. riTOFpt-rous:. U rr.fsns lesg to do in the
r.a<tory; and if railroads herin to economise
and stop unurual outlays, that mean* less de
mand for st*<-| and many other products Busi
r.rs mm recorrize th«t pri^s of materials and
,. r . " I * 1 to ° hiK"i.-that cotistruotton work of
all kinds is too *xr>enslv« ami uses up capital
too rapidly. Much work is cortserpjentiv fl p _
trmO, an<l the decline fn .tte«=| tn , flr^ Ft
in an Inevitable readjustment to a lower level
Labor, too. must lake Jts share. Wac*. and
flections of the unions have r |f»n to practi
ce!.y prohibitive points uncer an overas-crocaivo
«nd oteryrasplng leadership. The coSSTto
ter s likely to see many idle workmen, ar ?,]
the lab'tr movement, a mo\emcnt having areat
r^sribiliriee for good, has been weaker^ bv
«¦ own.rollies. which will be likely to cause a
FUback in its aggressiveness for some time to
'-ome. The present resctfon is Just as much
» ult of «"' r '^*»*» of labor as the excesses
or Tlall street."
of rrrmotere .and underwriters to float their
n^w . -<iu - s The p-nfral consTvatlsm now
l^vallJng in biis'r.e? cities, while sn avtir-
"As for the Industrie 1 spctjon of the market.
\r* future, it nu>i t# a.imitted. in uncertain.
I^!«jui<latlon in thst qusrt»r has been simply
tr*m»-n0ous. sn<3 It would seem as If these se
curities fca<l fuily r*l-l th» penalty of excessive
Ir.fiatirn. It must b* rfmembered. however,
the industrials hsv*- not pet withstood the cru
rial ten f>f a r.usioess reaction: their decline
thus fur, Steel «rr-MM. being <*.ut to tallur*
IkissIW*- by recnt betterments. It Is safe to
say that American railroads were nevrr such
sound an<J rrofl table .Investments as they are
to-<iay. and this fact Is sure to result in their
gradual absorption Into strong boxes at a time
»h*n cood »ecuriti»>s are l-x><-omlng decidedly
scarce. In tMs section cf the stock market,
•-fcerefcre, there is substantial reason f^r a re
vival of ennndonoe, even should additional un
expected shocks induce still lower prices. When
WWBf doet spt in from prp<*»nt exaggerated
depresEion the b»tter class of railroad etocks
«vi!l assrure<Jly lea4 the advance.
The New York circular of^Henry O.ews says:
""Conflicting conditions stii oonfus« the stock
.market outlook. It is quite .plain, however,
that the time hes arrived for clear-cut dis-
Tiralnations, and th&t experienced Judgment
:s necessarj- in deciding where liquidation has
gone as far as justified and where it has not.
It Is equally evident, also, that the market
has not permanently turned and is not yet on
the way to reel recovery: and yet there is no
escaping another conclusion, that many good
stocks ar* selling much below intrinsic value,
having changed hands at sacrifice prices in or
der to meet pressing cbllgaticns or to protect
securities of doubtful value. This unusual
Iliiiri lltUH kas disturbed the market's equi
librium, so that thTe is to-day a wide disparity
in values which cannot be adjusted until both
the. cood and the bad have reached a level
more in keeping with Tjew conditions.
"Beyond question the better class of railroad
t-rcarifi»» tare veiling at Very attractive prices
to investors Our railroads are In, both ex*el-
tent phj'siciil and financial condition, honsstly
tnana?*4j net overcapitalized and. generally
ijiesklns;, are up to dste in all respects. In
«-vent of business reaction their dividend pay
ing capacity is not likfly to suffer, for the rea
son that ther» is such a large margin between
earnings and nec*«?iiry operating expenses that
»ny loss in earnings could he readily compen
eti*d for by diminished outlays for lmprove
tni-nts. to say ncthlng of the economies made
ENOUGH FOR SAFE INVESTMENT
Conditions in Wall Street.
PRESENT PRICES THOUGHT TO BE LOW
The fcel'.nc of the market and rivalling
¦I'inlon is that price* wjll further decline In
the near future.
* The quality of sultanas proves rather unsat
ls:actory beside the raln-darcaged fruit, which
is estimated at about S000 tons. Moet of the
arrivajj- o far consist of superior, fair and fair
to gocd. There is comparatively little fine,
f.nest and choice.
The size of ?u!ta:ias is fairly large.
The arrivals up tt date are 13,000 tons, of
v-hich 10.000 hsve been sol*!.
The crop of sultanas is estimated at 43,000
to 45,0f*> tons; red raisins, estimated at 12,000
tons: black raisins, estimated at 16.000 tons.
Pr Hufus L,sr.f. 1'nlted States Cor.ru!. Smyrna,
September 16.
District
Report of Raisir: Crop of Smyrna
NEW YORK. Oct. 2L— The news before the
eper.ing of the stock market to-day of the sus
pension of the Federal National Bank of Pitts
burg caused fears . of a violent break in the
market. There were, some heavy offerings Just
at the opening In some of the leading stocks,
and declines rtn to a point in a few cases.
Pressure wan severe upon United States Steel
preferred, causing a loss of Ihi-volats. Fears
I for the result in th<? market were the ! more
acute owing to the part played in yesterday's
considerable recovery by the published a*sur
ancc-s that the Federal National Bank was not
in need of assistance. It was believed, there
fore, that the threatened institution had weath
ered the gtorm. The news this morning- caused
hssty measures for supporting prices this morn
ing. The effmiveness of these became very
promptly manifested, but the recovery was
viewed with somo suspicion, owing to the be
lief In the artificial nature of th« demand.
Thote on the floor were surprised at the ease
with which th<? decline was checked, and it
was »>asy to perceive that offerings of stocks
In th<» market were very light. The buying
was thereupon renewed with vigor and the
market carried upward quite comprehensively
to the extent of a |x>int or more. Prices re
tracted their course during th^ latter part of
th<? day and the closing was rather easy and at
net dec-lines for the day. except whVre the early
gains had been above the average.- The laie
downward movement was not fully explained by
ar.y published dpvelopments. The demand Trom
ehorU was- satisfied to some extent. on the ad
vance, thus subtracting from the support of
the market. Pome fears were entertained that
there might be a new factor In the Pittsburg
trouble, carried over to-day by reason of the
decision of the banks not to call maturing
loans there and other measures of precaution.
The cause assigned by small banks which had
b»en offered a high rate of interest by the
failed bank to attract those deposits was a re
sult from a condition known to have become
sufficiently c«neral to become the subject of
widespread criticism.
Notwithstanding the late reaction In the mar
ket. Its tone was accepted as rather convincing
evidenr* O f a measurable restoration of con
fidence, in view of the factor* to be contended
with. To th«u» must b« added the threatening
aspect of Isbor conditions with the Manhattan
Eleveted. The market <Ji<i not take well to
; the announcement thut some of the anthracite
collieries will close for about a week, owing
to the quick succession of holidays within that
period. The local money market was quite
unaffected by the large shipments of money to
Baltimore. Reports were current of further
Isrce grain exports and the freer movement of
co }lS n *¦•" • l *° v '«^*4 flth satisfaction.
The bond market was vrry broad and widely
v«rie<3. at rmeral advancing prices. Bond
houws report a notable Increase in the Invest
ment. Total sales, par value. $3,476,000.
1 nlted States 2s advanced %. the old 4s % and
the 3s and new 4s % per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. Hltrh. Low. Close.
Atchison 60.WW 67 65% «5ii
Atchison pfd 600 89% gs% Ws«T
Balto & Ohio 26.500 75»£ 74 7414
Baito & Ohio pfd. 200 S7% 87% S7
Canadian Pacific... 6.500 120% 119% liflU
Ontral of-N J 100 157 157 • 167
Oie* A Ohio 1.000 3O'.4 29% 30
<~htra{:o & Alton. 2.6f*> 28 2*?% •»!>*;
Oi! * Alton pfd .. 200 C3% 63% 63U
Ohlrsg-o & G W.. 1.700 15% 14% 14%
•Til & O W. B pf.l. 200 2« 26 2<5
Chicago & N W.. 1.200 160% 157% 160
<*hi Term & Tran 9
Oil Term A T pfd. 100 1S% 17% 18
C C C * St L 400 72 70% 72
Colo Southern ... 700 13 12% 12%
Colo 'So 2<i pfd 21
r>el A Hudson 1.10O t?>4»i 154 15:»% ,
Del Lack * W R00 233 231 232%
Denver & R «J jpij I
D 4 R a pM 200 6? 68 6«'
Erie 28.100 27% 2" 27%
Rrl«> 1st pM 2.500 07 6*Ui 66%
Erie 2>1 pfd 1,200 43 48% 48%
Great Northern pfd . 160
Hocklnjt Valley .. .- «J9
Hocking Val pfd 78%
Illinois Central .. JWrf) 131% 130% l:jo%
Iowa Central ..., 1.300 2O'» 1£% 20%
Iowa Central pM. SOO 35 33 34%
Kansas City So... r>00 !*»% 1SU 18
Kansas C So pM. ?,<X\ 32 32 31%
I^ouis & Nash ... 22.300 101% 100 100<j,
MnnhMtan L 5.400 134»i 133 133%
Met Ft Ry C.2O0 107 105 108
Minn <c St Louis. . 700 45 42 44
Missouri Pacific .. 26.800 U\% Kfl% po%
Mo Kiln 4 Texas.. 100 17 17 16%
MKtJpM.... 1.100 05% 35% 35
N R R of Mex pfd 39%
N Y Ontral 4.000 11R% 117 US
Norfolk * Western 2.800 57% 56% 67%
Nor A West pfd . . 85
Onwrio * \\>*t... . 1.200 21% 20% 20%
Pennsylvania 54.MK) 119% 118% 11RH
Pitt*' C C 4 S 1, «0%
Rfaflir.g 22.500 48% 45% 43%
Reaoing 1st pfd ¦ 75
Reading: 24 pM «2
Rock Island Co... 18.900 25% 24 24%
Rock Island Co pfd 400 5»% 68% 58%
St Louis * S F.. 53
Ft L & S K 1st pM 60
Ft L S R F M pfd. 10ft 4<Hi 4*5% . 45%
St Loulu S \V lftft 14% I 11% 14%
6t L S W pM .. 100 82 32 31%
Bt Paul C2.500 139 U 137% . 1ft* U
Rt Paul pfd 170%
Southern Pacific... 37.100 42Si 40% 41»£
Southern Railway. 3.&00 IS"* 1R% JfiVi
Southern Ry pfd .. 2.500 .75 74 74%
Texas & Pacific .. 2.200 23% 22% 22%
Tol St L * W !<Hj
Tol St L & W pfd 20O 25% 25 25
rnlon Pacific &s.?/X) 72% 70% 71%
1'nlon Pacific pfd 34%
Wabash- l..W» is% 17% 17«4
Wabash pfd 2.800 Zl\ 30% 30%
Wheel A L Erie.. 100 15 15 15
Wisconsin Central.. 6^0 lfi% 16 ifi* t
WIs Central pfd... 60a »5% 35% a5
Express Cnmpantee^ —
Adarns 220
American • 1S2
ITnitea States 1<X»
Wells-Fargo 2()0
Miscellaneous—
Amalgamatd Copp. 50-400 SOU 37% »S%
Am Car A FA&... 3.400 22 }« 2<>£ 21U
Am C A F pM 900 «*% 67* t Cfl%
Am Linseed Oil .... • 9V 4
Am Lin Oil pM. ..••••;• ;-;; -••• 26
Am Locomotive ... «» \*% 13* 13«4
Am Locomotv pfd.. 500 ,Ui 72 74
Am Smelting A R. 16.100 4f t 44 42%
Am K & R pfd 100 S7% 87 65
Am *ur*rRef.... 22.600 116% 114% 115%
Anaconda MJn Co - ' <?2
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 10.600 34 J4 32% .33%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 700 30% 23% 30
Colum * H Coal ;;i; ••••
Consolidated Gas... 1.000 175H 174V4 174%
General Electric... 400 148% 147% 147%
Internatnl Paper... 100 11% 11% 11%
Infrnl Paper pfd.. -•• 6'
Internatnl Pump ¦_• «0
Jnternl I"urop pfd.. ..... .... '..'."' <18%
National Blecult... 600 34% 33Vi 3t .
National Lead..... 100 13 13 13
North American... 1,300 7694 74 74%
Pacific Mall........ 100. 20fc 20% 20
Peoples Gas 8.600 »5% 91 83%
Prised Steel Car. 1.100 , 32% 31% :<1%
Pre««ed B Car pfd. . 70
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 217% 217% 215
p.epubllc Steel 400. 8W 8 • ft .
Republic Steel j.10. 2,600 57 55% 55%
Rubber Goods....:. ...;. 14 .
rtubb»r Goods prd.. ..... .... .... 68
Tenn Coal & Iron. . " : .100 30% 29 2»%
If S Leather....... V. 400 7% 7% • 7-
U S Leather pfd.. 300 76% 75% 75%
U S Rubber ....- : 9%
U S Rubber pfd... -100 36% S6«i "31
'[^¦¦¦¦II !¦ 1 I Mllll l« I III 1 II IT~H .. » . . . *
Nezv York Stock Market.
| EASTERN^ MARKETS.
EGGS— Ranch, 47%#52%c. with some sales
as high as 55c; store, nominal; cold storage
27%<if30c: Eastern, 2S@30e for fresh and 2oj»
26c for cold storage.
CHEESE — 12%c for the general market, 13a
13%c for select mild new and ll@12c for lower
grades. Young America. 13%tfl4e; Eastern
15%«ie%e: Western. 14@15c per lb.
Sales of ranch Eggs at 55c were reported
yesterday, as the scarcity continues. They are
getting pretty high, but they seem to sell Just
the tame, and only two or three houses have
any stock worth mentioning. The" movement
in cold ttorace and Eastern • goods continues
brisk. •
Receipts were 16.500 lbs Butter, 670 cases
Egfm and 7600 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — CTeamery, 28:929c for extras and
26027c for second; dairy. 21®25c: store Butter
17%j?I9c; cold storage, 24®26c; Eastern, 23025c
per lb.
The trade report plenty of Butter on the,
market and «ay that the advance has checked
the demand. Cards are being prepared for
distribution among retailers and other buyer*,
offering creamery at concessions from current
quotations. Two cars of Eastern ar* reported
elo*e at hand and ar* expected to be on the.
market the latter Dart of the week.
Th* Cheese market continues heavily, sup
plied and weak as a rule.
Butter, Cheese and: Eggs.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts, 25.
000, tncluding 4600 Texans. Western, nominal;
good to prime- ste*>rs, $5 10®5 60; poor to me
dium. $3 60fl4 60; stockers and f<^>d<»rs. $2 25®
4 10; cows, $1 35@* 40: heifers. $2@4 85; can
ners, $1 35$2 50: bulls, $2@4 5ft; calves. $2@
7 35: Texas fed steers. $2 75@3 60; Western
steers. $3©4 60.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day. 17,000; to-morrow,
lft.OrtO; 6®10c higher. Mixed and butchers,
$5 85©5 65; good to choice heavy, $5 30^5 50;
rough" heavy. $4 f>0-ff5 25; light. $5 25@5 63i
bulk of sales. $5 2S05 40.
SHEEP— Receipts. 32.000. Sheep, slow;
lambs, slow. Good to choice wethers, $3S>3 75;
fair to choice mixed. $2(0*2 75: Western sheep.
$2 25<£4: native lambs. $3 25@5 63; Western
lambs, '$3 7.W5 25.
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
rortion of the State. .Fog prevails from the
F«rallone» to Eureka.
The temperature mill continues high in the
gieat valleys of California.
1 Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, October 22:
Northern California — Cloudy Thursday; prob
ably light rain on northern eoaat; cooler in
the Interior; light southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday: light
southwest winds; fog on the coast in the
morning.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day r light southerly winds, changing to fresh
touthweet, with fog In the morning.-
A G McADIE. District Forecaster.
In September WV.. the experts r.ere 1291
f.a«=k* valued at $53.M». In that month 1000
f.ask»i valued at $41.0<">. went to China. The
receipts at San Francisco l*st mcr.th were
2513 f!a?ks asair.st l."7& in 1902.
Quicksilver Exports
Th<» exi»orts of Quicksilver from Fan Fran
cjsco by sea during the month of September
w fcr* as follow* :
To — Flask* Values.
« 'hlna 1 6<X» f>l .fWO
Japan 2M 10.250
Mexico £1*1 ,8.610
Ontral America 67 2.883
New York 20 620
Korea S 218
British Coli-rnbia 5 220
NEW YORK. Oct. 21.— The cotton market
closed barely steady, net 10 to 15 points higher.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-Ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.85c;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.60c; Dry Granulated, coars?,
6.60; Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Beet Granu
lated (100-Ib bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners'
A. 6.60c; Magnolia A. 5.20c: -Extra C. 5.10c;
Golden C. 6e: "D." 4.90c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more: box*s, 50c more;-50-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.10c; boxes. 6.35c per lb. No orders
taken for less than ceventy-avs barrels or its
equivalent.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. $S 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Stanford, «7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Greta. $7; Wailsend, $7; Rich
mond, $ 7 50: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracit* Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50: Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50®
13 per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and
$S 50 per ton. according to brand.
OIL — Linseed. 49c for boiled and 47e'for raw
in barrels; cases. 6c more; Castor Oil, In cases.
No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA, tX 10Q1 12; Lucol. 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw in barrels; Lard
Oil. extra winter, strained, barrels. 85c; cases,
00c: China Nut. 55®70c per gallon; pura
Neatsfoot. in barrels. 75c; cases. 80c; Sperm,
pure, 75c; Whale Oil. natural white. 50355c
per gallon; Fish Oil, in barrels. • 45c; cases.
50c; Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon
and 55c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
15c: P«arl Oil in cases. 21%o: Astral, 21%c;
Star. 21%c: Extra Star, 25%c; Elaine, 27%c;
Eocene, 24 %c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
bulk, 17c; in cases, 23%c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c: in cases. 19%c: 86-degre« Gasoline, in
bulk. 21c; in cases, 27%c.
TURPENTINE — fiOo per ration In cases and
74e In druirm and Iron barrels. •¦
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 6%@
7c per lb; White Lead. 6%©7c, according to
quantity.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 565%c; Sun Quentln.
5. 55c; Wool Bags. 32#35c; Fleece Twine, 7%
68c: Cotton Fruit Bars, 8%c. 6%e and 7%c
for the three sxades: Brown Jute, 6%©7%c.
General Merchandise.
Game arrived freely and continued to show
the effects of the warm weather in the interior,
most of, the receipts being tainted or otherwise
in bad condition and such stock was sold be
low the quotations or dumped. Only sound
Game Is quoted.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 10@22c per lb for
young and 14$17c for old; Geese, per pair
$1 75#2; Goslings, *2#2 25; Dueks. $4 50iff3
per dosen for old and $506 for young; Hens,
$4575 60; young Roosters. $4 50tf?5; old Roos
ters, $4 50#5: Fryers, $5 5004; Broilers, $3<$
3 50 for large and $2 50tg3 for small: Pigeons.
$1@1 25 per dozen for, old and $2@2 25 for
Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $506 per dozen-
Canvasback. : Sprig. $4; Teal. $2 50-
Widgeon. $2 50; Spoonbills. $1 60; small Ducks
$1 50; Gray Geese.- $3; White Geese. '$1 50;
Brant. $2 50; English Snipe. $3; common Snip<\
$1 50; Wild Doves. $1 25: Rabbits. $1 75 for
Cottontails and II 25 for Brush; Hare, $1 25.
. Receipts of domestic Poultry were heavy
and the market was easy,, as retailers were
well ' supplied with Western stock and the con
sumptive demand was light, owing to the com
petition of Game. Young Turkeys. Squabs and
Goslings, which formed only a small percentage
of the receipts. 'Cleaned up readily, but every
thing in the chicken line was very dull. No
more Western came in, but a car was reported
close at hand and scheduled for to-day's mar
ket. - •', ¦ ¦ . • ¦ ¦ ¦
Poultry and Game.
Wall street stocks show little change.
Local securities generally neglected.
Xczv York Exchange lower. Sterling rates uncltanged.
Wheat and Barley quiet at about previous prices.
Oats in very fair demand. Corn dull and weak.
Hex, Bran and Middlings selling off very welL
Beans show a good many narrow fluctuations.
Buffer and Cheese in good supply. Eggs scarce and still higher.
Provisions inactive at previous quotations.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before.
Potdtzy ai:d Game in liberal supply and easy.
Good demand for best grades of Potatoes and Onions.
Supplies of Fresh Fruits ample for all requirements.
Copper also advanced in London, spot 5s to
£54 10s and futures 6s 3d to £54 11s 3d.
Locally prices remained on the crescent basis.
Lake is quoted at «13@13 12%, electrolytic at
$13 and caating at $12 62%.
Lead waa unchanged at £11 Is 3d in^ Lon
don «nd $4 60 In New York.
Spelter advanced 2s 6d in London to- £20
lOe, but remained steady here at $6 12%.
Iron closed at 60s in Glasgow and at 43s
l%d,ln Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was more
or less nominal, with some grades quoted low
er following the recent, decline at Southern
points. No. 1 foundry Northern is held at .$16
«C16 50, No. 2 foundry Northern at '$15015 50.
No. 1 foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry
Southern soft at $14 75ST15 25. ¦
NEW YORK. Oct. 21.— Tin was higher in
London, spot advancing there ;12* 6d to £116.
while futures were 15s higher at £116 15s.
The advances abroad influenced a slightly
higher market here and spot tin closed steady
at $25 70@26 10. . ' ,
Nezv York Metal Market.
V S Steel 27.400 14H 13% ; 13V
U S Steel pfd 49,200 69% 68 "68%
Western Union 600 82 81% Sl£
Total 'eales..;.... 007,600 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK/ "Oct. 21.— United Kallroads of
San Francisco bond transactions were *11.000
«t $77.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO7 L & N unified 4s. 98%
Do coupon .....107 Man con gold 44.101
Do 3s reg 108% Mexican Cent 4s.. 71
Do coupon 108^ Do 1st inc 13%
Do new 4s reg.134^ Minn &. St L 4s.. 96Vi ,
I>o coupon 135Vi M K & T 4s..... ©7%
Do old* 4s reg.110-4 Do 2ds 77
Do coupon ... s .110% Nat RR Mex c 4s 7414
Do 6s reg 101 v; N Y Cent gen 3%s 98H
Do coupon .....102% N J Cent gen 5s. 130
Atchiaon gen 4s. 99% Northern Pac 4s. .101%
Do adjust 4s... 90 Do 3s 70}i
Atlantic C L 4s.. 90 Norf & W con 49. 96
B ~* 9 * e 100 ** Or S L 4s A part 91H
Do 3%s 94Vi Penn conv 3Hs.. 96%!
Cent of Ga 5a ..106 Reading gen 4s. .. 85%
Do 1st income. 66 fitL & I M con 5s.H0
Ches & O 4%s..l0m St L & S F fg 4«. 81 Ti
Chi & A 3%s .. 72H St L S W lsts.. f»4>4
C B & Q new 4s. 93^ Seaboard Air L 4s 67%
CM & StP gn 4s.lO9 Southern Pac 4s.. S6»i
C & N W con 79.131 Southern Ry 5s ..112H
C R I A P RR 4e 73H Tol St L & W 4s. C84
Do col 5s 72% ITnlon Pao 4s 102%
CCC & StL sen 4s 96 Tex & Pa<i.lsts...ll6
Chi Term 4s 73 Do conv 4s P5«4
Consol Tob 4s... 54V4 U S Steel 2d 5s.. 71H
Colo & South 4«. S5% Wabash lsts 115T*
D & R G 4s 99 Do deb B ..... 63%
Erie prior lien 4s. »7 Wheel & L E 4s.. 88%
Do sen 4s S3% Wisconsin Cent 4s 80%
FtW & Den C lst.104^4 Colo F & I 6»
Hocking Vat 4%s.lO45i
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 101 tittle Chief ...... 07
Alice 14 Ontario ...... 4 50
Breece 10 Ophir 160
Brunswick Con .. 04 Phoenix 07
Cometock Tunnel. .06 Vj! Savage ' 23
Con Cal & Va 1 28 Potosl • 21
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada .... 45
Iron Stiver 1 60 Small Hojes ' 15
Leadville Con 02; Standard' 2 00
> BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Mining —
Call loans SQ4 Adventure Z%
Time loans 5Q6 Allouez 4%
Bonds — Amalgamated ... 8ft »
Atchison 4s 9914 Daly West 38&
Mex Cent 4s 68 Btngham 21
Railroads — Calumet * Hecla.430
Atchison 66 Centennisl 15*i
Atchison pfd 89*8 Copper Range.... 4t',I
Boston & Albany. 24N Dominion Coal... 71
Boston Elevated.. 138 Franklin 7
N Y. N H & H.194% Isle Royal* 6%
Union Pacific 71% Mohawk 36%
Mexican Central.. 10% Old Dominion.... »Vi
Miscellaneous — Osceola 53%
American Sugar. .115% Parrot 116%
Am Sugar pfd... 117% Qulncy ...85
Am Tel & Tel 124 Santa Fe Copper.. l«i
Dom Iron & Steel 8% Tamarack So'
General Electric. 147% Trinity 5%
Mass Electric 13% United States.... 1\ s
Mass Eltc pfd 77% Utah .'.•..: 23«i
United Fruit M Victoria 2%
U S Steel. It Wlnona 7
U S Steel pfd.... 58% Wolverine 64
Westinghse Com.. 66
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.88 7-161 N Y Central.. .. ,-.121
Cons for aoct...SS 7-10 Norfolk -& Westn. 5S%
Anaconda 3% Nor & W pfd.... 90
Atchison 66% Ontario & Westn. 21%
Atchison pfd 31 Vi Pennsylvania .... 60?i
Bait & Ohio :. 77 < Rand Mines .. IHi
Canadian Pacific. 122% Reading M 1 *
Ches & Ohio 30% Reading 1st pfd.. 3!>
Chgo G Westn 15 Readlftg, 2d pfd.. 32
digo. M & St P. .142 | Southern Ry 18%
De B«ers laK.So By pfd 77
Denver & ni't Or. 2t>% ; Southern Pacific. 42%
, D &. R G pfd 60%:Cjjlon Pacific 73%
; Erie >8% | Union Pacific pfd. 87
Erie 1st pfd 68 V s" Steel 14»i
Erie 2d pfd 50 US Steel pfd W)»A
Illinois Central .V. 134^ Wabash 1S%
Loulsvl &. NaRh..l0.'{ Wabash pfd 52
1 Mo. Kans & Tex. 17%
Bar silver, uncertain. 28 B-16d per oune».
Money, 1%®1% per cent. The rate of dis
count in the open market for short bills is
o% per cent, and for three months' bills 3%
per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
LIVERPOOL.
-Wheat — ... Dee.
Opening .".;.'.."..; 6 6$«
Closing • "... 6 5>j
PARIS. ; -
Wheat— - ¦ Octi [Jan.-Apl.
Opening 21 75 21 15 :
Closing •••• 21 85 21 10
Flour —
Opening .....3190 ,2*45
Closing •••• 32 05 28 50
Foreign Futures.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less. 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers,- 8«»c; Cowt and Heifers.
7@Sc; thin Cows, 4@5c per pound.
CALVES — «©4Vic p«r pound (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 3MQ3%c; Ewea. 363fec
per pound tgross weight). -¦* ; • - ; .
LAMI3S — $2 75Q3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs. 5S«:
under 150 lbs, i\i@i>Sc; Sows, 20 per cent off:
Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
oil from above Quotations.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
• Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 637c - for Steers and 5<9Cc per lb
for Cows. -'. .
VEAL— Large. 607c; small, 839c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%©8c; £we». 737%e
per pound.
LAMB — O01Oe per pound.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. SlitfOUe per pound.
Meat Market.
Tb>re is no furth«r Changs in Cattle. Sheep
or Hogs. All an in good supply.
•¦;'" DRESSED MEATS.
range in prices. - Cucumbers and < Egg ' Plant
were firmer under decreased - receipts. The
other I vegetables stood about . the same as be
fore quoted. . - i
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 40@
75c. per ctl ; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25© 1 45 per
ctl: Oreron Burbanks, 75000c' per ctl; Blrer
Reds, 60Q75c per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $1 25
per ctl.--- .-¦-*¦ ,¦•• >¦'-..
ONIONS — 6&S80C per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, f>Oc@$l per
sack; Green Peas, 2@3e per lb; String Beans,
I%ffl2%e per lb: Wax, 2%/@3%e; Lima Beans.
S<jJ4e per lb; Tomatoes, 25g^0c per box; Summer
Squash, 40©50c,per box; Cabbage, 60c per ctl;
Carrots, 75c per sack. Cucumbers, 50® 65c per
box; Garlic, 304c per lb: Green Peppers, 33®
50c per box for Chile and 50© 75c for Bell:
Green Ofcra. 65affl0c per box; Egg Plant, 5O@B5c
per box; Marrowfat Squash. $10@12 per ton.
Toltec 21 .....
Twenty-eight 4 25 ..... ,
West Shore 2 93
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 45 1 **
Alameda Sugar 29 CO
American Biscuit S8 00 99 CO
American District Tel .....
Cal Gaa & Electric Corp " ......
California Cotton Mills 88 00
California Jockey Club , 105 «>
California Shipping Co 25 00 .
Cal Title Ins and Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland 60 00
Chutes Company 7 80 .....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 BO T M
Fischer's Theater 2 12%S
Gaa Consumers' Association 23 BO
Honolulu Sugar 14 50 .....
Northern Cal Power ¦» 25
North Shore Railroad 7 00 8 <*>
Orpheum Company 15 25 1* 15
Pacific States Tel ft Tel 115 00
Parafflne Paint S3 CO
San Francisco Drydcck.. . . . . 47 00
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 2 SO 2 50
Sausallto Land & Ferry IS 00
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 SO W>'
Standard Electric IS 60
T«slft Coal Co 30 00
Trucked Electric 13 25 .....
Union Sugar 22 50 .....
United Gas & Electric 34 50 .....
... OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
100 Home Oil . n£
400 Home Oil M
Afternoon Session.
60 Occidental Oil 1»
300 Oil City Petroleum 2ft
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. ..
Following were the tales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha. ... C9I 2<1O Gould A Cur. 19
3iV> Alpha ... 10 3<"rt Hal* &. Nores Al
100 Belcher 17 10O Ophir tM
700 Con Imperial. 04 200 Sierra N«t .. S«
,100 Crown Point. 20 300 Tellow Jacket 44
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha CO 6W> Bullion It
100 Andes 25 100 Con C A Va.1 #>
500 Belcher 15 100 Con Imperial. 04
100 Best & Belch.1 50 1I0O Con N T «. 1«
200 Bullion 12t 300 Julia 07
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANOB.
Following were the ~ nales on the Pacine
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Celedonia ... 0« 200 Overman .... 2R
iflOO Con Imperial. 04 lOfiO Potosl 93
500 Con N T ... 10 200 S*vag» M
.100 Gould & Cur. 1« 300 Sierra N*r .. *"»
$00 Julia \ . OS 3CO Union Con . . «1
100 Mexican ...1 07% I '
Afternoon Session. • ¦ vv
30O Belcher 15; 200 Mexican 1 Oft
20O Bullion 12 200 Ophir 1 M>
400 Bullion 13! 200 Savag* 24
100 Con C & Va.l 30, 200 Sierra. Ner .. 4»
300 Gould A Cur. 181 -400 Silver Hill .. 5*
100 Hale & Norcs. 60i 500 Union Con ..59
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were th» sales on tn« «an Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Motning Session.
10.000 Esperanzs . Oil 20O Mont Ton.. »*
500 Hannapah . 141 25 Ton B«taiat $5
SOO Mont Ton.. 83 J 100 Ton N Star. 33
Afternoon Session.
500 Con Mercury.l 10 f 400 MacNaman. . 1*
450O Esperanra ... Oil 300 Ton A Cal... 37
market was steady: creamery. , 17%©20%c;
dairy. 14@l8c; eggs. 18@19%c;- cheese, 10%
©lie ¦.-•¦¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ " "¦ —:^^
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Fifteen.
On the Produce : Exchange ; to-day • the butter
. Articles — _-.• Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrel* ......405,100 22,*0O
Wheat, bubhels ....;.....2»$1,100' ' ¦ 2.VU0O
Corn, bushels ..'...........441.400 : 2JW..VX)
OaU, bushels ....687,000 . ;2I5.800
Rye,- bushels ........ :.v:. " 0.50O- ''. 117.4ihi
Barley, bushe.ls '.;.........150,000'. :: ; ¦ 00,700
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour was
steady; No. 3 «prlnr wheat. 84c: No. ' 2 red.
Rl%@82c: No. 2 COrn,.43%c; NO. 2 yellow, 44*1
Cf"»!i%c:.No. 2 Oats. 45%c: No.- 3 white. 35Q>
87%c; No. 2 rye, 6C%e; good feeding barley. 43
f'Hc; fair to diolea malting,. 47@34c: No. 1
axseed, 03%c; No. 1 Northwestern, $1; .him*
pork, per bbl. $11 16© 11 12%; lard, per 100
lbs. $6 50*36 55; fthort ribs Sides (loose) $7 50
@7 55: .whisky, basis, of high wines. $125:
clover, contract rrade. $io 75.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13¦ . ¦
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1903.
14
MEDICAL— Con tinned.
VALP_AU^"fe'rn*Te"pUls; best regulating pills
s'ld price J2M by express. Pasteur,
-B\4inire and tablets: pr'ce $2 50. By exprrw
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
KRS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
. Broadway, Oakland.
DR7"^^ro r DONNE_L— All who are »lck or
Jii trouble consult this specialist on feroal.
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult : cue. tr.au
ed: advice free. Offlce. 1018 Mar-et s,
Dr*. Goodwin. 7--_ Turk. nr. Van Ness-iixp-rt
in obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relit
treatment *10; houi-. 10 to 5: 25 y~». exp«..
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable la<!>9_
specialist; a private home before and durtn*
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR.ar.d MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS ;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market ta.
DR. ROSEN resides 2095 Folsom St.. cor. 26th;
ladies, relief or no fee; <10.
DR NG TOY KEE 319 Powell St.. opposlt*
Union square: all diseases cured by herb*.
• MILLINERY.
LADIES— 2C© stylish bats to select from: lea»«
sold must vacate February 1. 1901: *»»•
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 P*>t-
MISCELLANEOUS FOK SALE.
BOILERS enrines. 2d-hand machinery. UctN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 133-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
. Repair it with elaterite; in rolls «asy to lay;
need* no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for new root*.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pump*,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; seeNSunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 BeaU st.
A— Fine smts. $7 50; dress pants. $2 5rt. Ortji.
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 239 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to S p. m. Sunday re r.oo*.-.
A— <3 50 t-SRBY and Fedora hats. SI 75. Pop^
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near
Pine; open till 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers water pipe shafting, pulley*.
etc. 'WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear rt.
SLOT machine. Dewey. $43: Regina. music box
and lot of discs: Columbia phonograph and
records; cheap. 15CS Seventh st. Oakland.
TRY our men's shoes at |1 and fl 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay «xprwi*
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, .bid.: catalog, free.
LARGEST runts and other pigeons: trained
Irish setter. 2141 Linden st.. Oakland.
Al ENGINE. 10x36; slide valve; about 175 HP.;
good as new; bargain. P. O. box 2088.
BEST Burbank potatoes. $1 15 the sack d«»-
Ilvered. Phone Grant 7n; write, call. 115 Mkt.
A VERY fine diamond over S karats for $335
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
3. r. AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand: all
sizes, new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second band machinery of all kind*.
KROGH MNFO CO.. 519 Market st-
8AFES — New and second-hand. THE HKR-
MAKN SAFE CO.. 417,-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sixes. EU-
GENE R1LEY - SONS. 100 Vallejo tt.
MOVINO picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery »t.
SAFES — New and sacond-eand. E. B. BSCrC
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains :camp stools and chairs :hammock*.
metal beds.mattresses.J.F.Hotter.7l2 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture ma«filne». films. BacIyaJupI. 93-T *f<t.
GASOLINE engine automobiles and Iaunc.v«;
aU sizes. J. E.|DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 MonU'y.
¦ WANTS.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing: send postal. MORRIS. K70 Folaom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market «t. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical gocd*. 154 »th st. : tel. Jessie 2S51.
A BIG price paid for -sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton St.: phone Bush 4.«4.
MONEY TO LOAM.
AAA— HERMAN M LTRPHT. ~
601-«0_-6O5 Examiner buildinf.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, -assignments of rents, property tn trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undl\^ded In-
terests in property purchased. 0*
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When Yon Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT: SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st. 2d and 3d mortgages. SAM
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE la
probate; send full particulars of property: no
answer otherwise. Box 2138. Call offlce.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal: to permanent salaried people oa
their note without security or knowledge of
1 employer; lowest rates; no commission. Na-
tional Credit Co.. 68 and 69 Donoho« build-
Ing. 1170 Market st. v . > -
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rate*. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84«J
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding- houses without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances to re-
sponsible salaried people, confidentially; new
and simple plan; easy installments. Room
50. Academy of Sciences. 819. Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLtWOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remor-
al. no commission, no publicity ;$23 up; quick.
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. T.
M. JACOBSEN & CO.. room 621. Emma Spreck-
; els BulldlDS. loans money on real estate and
all other securities: confidential; low ratea.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE 1<B Grant a**..
LOANS FROM <1 TO tlO.OOO.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
TO salaried people without security; on fur-
niture, indorsed notes and other security.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
YOU can borrow more money on your furniture
than any other place In city; no commission.
612 Parrott building: phone South 655.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
*100O; any security. 302 Montgomery, room lrt.
ON furniture, piano; no removal. El W. LICK.
10C3 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market.
' MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
: 3% ON furniture & pianos; $1.1 up: no removal.
- V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy at., floor 4.
' ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
_ mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of WyomlnK loans money t»
.salaried employes. R.311.Mntual Sav.Bk.bM.
' CASH loaned s&laried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. 60O Examiner bldg.
j MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
NO trouble with ' people who buy the Heln«
piano; 7000 satisfied customers • the best ad-
vertisement; strictly high grade and sold di-
rect from factory to purchaser; this enables
you to procure a nraf-clasa piano at a rea-
sonable price; w« carry 14 different makes;
any . piano purchased from ua taken In ex-
change any time within S years and full
purchase price allowed on a Peerless Heln«/
or any of our other makes. Some bargains,
all uprights: Collard. *«; Waber. *»«;
Sherman & Hyde. *9u; Klmball. 1115: Smith A
'¦ Barnes. *15o: Miller. »17S; Emerson IICS;
Mansfl*ld _ Notni. $125: 2 Steinway* $145.
$285: 2 Chlckering. fii-V $173; 2 Heine, slight-
ly used. 1325. $365. and 23 ethers. Install-
ments, ft up; rents. 42 up. allowed on Dur-
chase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 205-SI7 G^ary
¦t. : Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broad-
way, old P. O. site. Largest exclusive
wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE!
AVe pay no rent, as we own th« baildlnx
The only reason we advertise Is to let you
know we rent the best piano in ta« city for *3
per month. Now we can sell you one Just t!v»
*arhe. Our oxpenses are to very much less
than other firms, why not Investigate our price*
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and sav*
frrm 9.5 to $15O on a piano. SCOTT-CU RTAZ
PIANO CO.. BEO-gMH Hayes st <- u « iA *
WE do cot advise the purchase of cheap placo*.
us they are seldom satisfactory, but we hav*
pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please the most critical. Our beat
5* -*£. V* f Jx", JP* nr Bros - Baumelst-r and
'-. co?r TO'M.T5t £ EX ° **.«"•*"• "rag
A N i E }°a, 0{ 8 * co J[ ld - h «B<l uprichts from 130
up. including such_ makes- as - Chlckerias. j
t, o !2,' Kro ;? er 'v C > Tt » s - Klrkham. Peas*."
„ Ua rcirr.an. Marshall * Wendell Baus an4
ether*. BENJ. CURTAZ & -SOlv.MW ToFar-
rell st. >.o branches in San Francisco.
BAND instruments; F. Besson. Parts, maker;
•" a «?, # M » Jw *M. : -A«. Pac. Coast, 278 O'Farrell:
skillful • repairing; 2d-har.d instruments sold.
'r Lr,_- JBJMglg YMm JPg _ OFFICES.;^ / ;
GEORGE A6lE,"«i^Po_r^_V"t«ir : lBtts_^B^
. Japanese-Chinese employment offlce: f ur-
nlthes best help; contracts for farm help, «t_
IF you want Japanese help, advertise In Thi
. New World. Japanese daily paper, 853 Geary.
A — ORPHEUM Employment • Offlce — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce/ 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Offlce— Best help at
Leon Seung'a. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 42&
RELIA BLE Jap/nese-Chlnese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds *help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY _ CO.. M0 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A SWEDISH eecond girl ; good waitress and
seamstress; references. MRS. NORTON,' 313
. Butter st.
DRESSMAKER and ladies' tailor-made suits
to order; a few more engagements in fami-
lies, per day; only first-class work done; good
cutter and fitter. MISS BARSS. 1024 Mis-
sion et.
\ AN experienced lady cashier wishes a posi-
' tion in large store; can furnish first-class
references. Address box 733, Call. .. .-..-
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker and talloress. fine
fitter and cutter, will go out by the day. Box
732. Call offlce. , ' —
WANTED — A situation for downstairs work;
a good cook; wages $30; willing to do some
washing. 2C22 Bush st.
A COMPETENT woman nurse would -care for
sick or invalid; terms reasonable. 536 Turk.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a position. 181B
Webster st.. near Pine, .
A TOUNG German wants a position, as cook;
no outside work; American family only.
Apply 044 Howard- St.
AN ex-public school teacher wishes position as
nursery governess or lady's companion. Box
2622. Call offlce.
COMPETENT housekeeper desires position
rooming or apartment house. Address box
. 4459. Call offlce. > - - ¦
2 REFINED American girls want positions as
second girl and nurse to child; same family;
country preferred; references. 'Box 2617. Call.
GOOD stenographer of experience and ability
desires position; salary $60.^ Box 4785. CalL
WANT ads and subscrlDtions taken for The
Call wt Eaton'y Bazaar. C>33 McAllister at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
AN expert Eastern hotel man wishes position
as steward or economist In hotel,- club or by
caterer. Address box 4463. Call.
A RELIABLE man, experienced plater in gold,
silver, nickel, etc., all tools «nd chemicals,
wishes to do work for manufacturers, stores
and dealers In metal goods by the day or
piece. Box 4465. Call. _ 1 _
A REFINED old gentleman, eminently respect-
able, good habits,* unincumbered. desires a
position as companion to an elderly gentle-
man or lady, cr both. Address P. O. box
2073, San Francisco.
WANTED— Any kind of offlce employment,
having had experience In ! coal and wood
business; also in railroad offlce work; collect-
lsg and eoliciting; can supply any kind of
references. Address box 4460. Call.
SOBER, middle-aged married man Just from
Ohio desires Inside work. Address box 736,
Call offlce.
A SOBER, steady man. age 29, desires work
as janiftir or porter; also handy about horses.
i __Box 4466. Call offlce.
RELIABLE man desires employment, as car-
penter's helper. Address box 2629, Call.
SITUATION wanted by flrst-class coachman;
thoroughly understands care or horses, har-
ness and carriages; understands care of
gentleman's place; flrst-class references. L.
S., C50 Howard st.
Eastern man, with 25 years' experience, like to
have position as superintendent or foreman
for contractor and builder, on in or outside
work; good draughtsman and figurer on plans
of any description. . Box 2614, Call.
YOUNG man, neat appearing, seeks a posi-
tion es bookkeeper, or assistant, or col-
lector; stenographer; - speaks, reads and
writes the German language; best of refer-
ences. Box 720. Call offlce. -
GARDENER, flrsjj class, with long experience
in every branch in that line; renovating and
laying out large private grounds a specialty;
best references. Box 2C24. Call.
RELIABLE elderly man wants work; under-
• stands care of horse, cow. garden and 'chick-
ens; references. Address Reliable, box 2621,
Call offlce.
POSITION of trust wanted by married man of
•¦ good address and appearance; . references;
bond. Box 4456, Call.
POSITION wanted as engineer by" sober, re-
liable -man; 10 years' experience. Address
72S Howard St.. room 3.
MIDDLE-AGED single man would like a po-
sition in the country; wages no'cbject. 'Box
4454, Call offlce.
SOBER, steady German grants position ; private
place; care horse, cow, garden or small
dairy. Box 4457, Call.
YOUNG man wants position on ranch or hand-
ling Mock; can fill position as foreman; $40
and board required. Box 4776, Call.
SOBER and industrious young man would like
position. Box 4778. Call.
A CHINESE, flrst-clafls cook, wishes position;
hotel or boardln_-house; pastry and meat;
good references. S12 Clay st. ; f
A JAPANESE poultryman wants work on
poultry farm: wages. Address M. Y. NIE,
823 Sacramento st. . .
A JAPANESE youne man wants to do some
kind of work before 8 a. m; in return for
small room; vicinity of 1911 Fillrnore st.
TWO Japanese boy3 desire housework or school-
boy pcpition. 1304 Post St., tel. Polk 2157.
A JAPANESE schoolboy wants position near
.Lane Hospital. Box 734, Call.
A- JAPANESE couple want housework In the
city. 1410 Pine st.; telephono~Hyde 171. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branc^ offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce fcr Call\ advertisements and
rubEcrlptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Et. 7
FINANCIAL.
4 PER CENT to 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal. School, Kailroad and Corporation
Bonds, • .
Bank and Trust Company Stocks,
Selected for conservative Investors.
Write lor information to
HEAZELTON & CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers.
Hayward Building.
San Francisco, Cai. -
BIG thing In redwood and ranch with mine. See
owner, 3CO0 Twenty-second st.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service. absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will "save you time a^nd
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-250 Geary
et.. on 1 the square.
I
NEW up-to-date flat, 8 rooms, modern, 1390
O'Farrell St.; 4-rooni flat, newly finished,
corner O'Farre!! and l.asuna. $15 per month.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
$.10 — NEW upper'flat; S fine large sunny rooms;
2 toilets; concrete basement; fine finish. 130
Second ave., near Sacramento st. |
BUSH, 1651, near Franklin— 7 sunny rooms;
upper flat; $37 60; yard, etc.; rear entrance.
ELLIS; 810, nr.' Poljc — For business purposes; 3
rms. : all conveniences; electric light, power.
PIRRCE and McAllister sts., NE. corner— 9
rooms; new; rent $57 50. , ¦
WASHINGTON; cor. Lyon; new flats: 7 : and
9 rooms; separate entrances; rents- $45' & $55.
2 MODERN flats, C and 7 rooms and large
bas^mentE. 1610 Bu*h, near Van. Ness: cheap.
E^TS^^I^SAXE~FURXISHED;
A: NEWLY fur. flat for pale; 18 large sunny
rooms, well arranged for renting, .S23 and S25
Polk Et. Apply to H. S. RANSON.057 Market.
FLAT .of C ' newly furnished rooms; cause, de-
parture ;. rent f 22 50.- 315 Goughst.- -.-.', V
NO reasonable -offer refused; furniture -of 8-
' room flat: boarders. lft31 Me Alll««.er st.
. FURNITURE WASTED. - . .*
A. .WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone. Red 4462,
; buys, rents, repairs/packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for. furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctioneer. 1S18 Mkt. :tel.Howard 275rt.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE. ';.'• L
MIDDLE-AGED American; f light housework;
' small American family; |15. 371 Minna- St.,
: ntar Fifth. ¦ ¦ . • .': ; : -; .'..¦-'
CIGARETTE . makers wanted: learners taken;
- steady work: good, wages. ;• The John Bollman
' Co.; corner Front and Pacificists.
A [ GOOD operator ; on i vests ; : a 'steady ¦ pcsl tion.
Apply R. THOMAS. Foreman ; S." N. \ Wood
Factory. 27 Geary 6t.
SAX FRA5 CISCO CALL.
BtTIXESS OFFICE of U>« Ban Pranclsco
C«J1. ccrn-r Market and Third streets; open
bt::!! 12 o'clock everj' night In the year. .
BRAXGH OFFICES— «27 Montgomery street.
ccr«c»- Clay; cj.-cn until 9:30 p. m.
20C U«y*s et— >et; open until 0:30 p. m.
ei) McAIJIrter street; open until 8:30 p. in.
• fir. I.8ri:in street ; open t2_tll 9:30 p. m.
JMl W1— 1(ni ttreet; op*n until 10 p. ta.
f2Cl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
crjfil 3 p. m.
i loo Eleventh street; open until 0 p. m.
3 Ci^C Valencia etroct; open until 8 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cren until 0 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-eeecn- and
ICer.tucky Ktrcets; o;~en uatll 8 p. in.
2l'00 Flllmorc Ftrret; open until 9 p. ra.
MBBTIKC NOTICES^
A SPECIAL mtretlrg of Yerba r-|
SvBMSi Chapter No. 1 Roeo Crotx, I I
X. «¦-•-! A., ecottlsh Rite of Free- _££__'
nia«?r.r>-. will be held in Com- *e[|"^
isatidcry Hail Ua«onlc Temple, [tj
on -THURSDAY EVENING. Oc- j(|
tober Ti. 1903. at 8 o'clock. Re- II
cepticn of petitions. •— »
• HENRY BURNER. Sec, _
aJieflOX Chapter No 79 R. A. M. — «
Sjvcicl mt-eting THIS (THURSDAY) YY
EVENING 7:30 o'clock. Royal Arch f*f\
degree. By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A". c
M will meet THIS DAY (THURS- <*fV"
DAY) October 22. at 1 o'clock p. m.;
also at 7:30 o'clock n. m. Third de- *
grte. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. ffi
M.— -peclal meeting- THIS (THURS- VV
DAT) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. />r\
Tbird degrt-*. Master Mac or.s cordial- -, J J
ly invited. By crder of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Sec.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— «
6jw?ial meeting THIS (THURSDAY) 'VVf
EVENING at 7:"0 o'clock. Third de- /V\
free. Maeter ilasons cordially in-
vited. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. S»C
6TAKJI KTNO Lodge No. 344. F. and ®
A M. 317 De~lf8_f>7t> et.— First de- "^rST
pree THIS EVENING at 7:S0 o'clock- /V\
M-fter Masons cordially Invited. By
crder of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Sec
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O. _«_-««.
<¦ F.— Initiation THIS < THURS -.= _«&*_?.
DAYI EVENING. < >ct.>!^ r 2^.
Visiting brothers 'cordially In-
vited. THORNTON THOMPSON. N. G.
J. S. MEE. Rec. Sec.
L'MTT Lodge No. <51. K. of P.. will
en THURSDAY EVENING. October /^S^ _
_:•. tender to Grand Chancellor B.
V. .-.-iic. :.i a reception and banquet iSjSS
¦t ;•>::.; a. -i Castle. 909 Market et. __C^C
All brctner knights are cordially invited to
attend. By order of JAMES ilORAN, C. C.
t;. W. WAT_S. K. of R. and S.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle' v C7 ><
Club ratru THIS iTHURSDAY) 5 1 , Ji jV I
E\-ENING. Fraternlay Hall. S2 X\X^t i
O'Farrell St.. b o'clock. "Smoker" '*_?<»7
follows. '
GEORGE W. MILLER. Royal Chief. i
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder. |
TEAMSTERS, attention— You are re- 3r^T"
ep«~fHlly requested to attend your /%*#\
r.ext regular mer-Ur.f:, which will be C>?*s3
held THURSDAY -EVENING. Octo- \3><3»ur i
t^r _.'. l'MXi. _t Machinists' Hail. \_/
11S9 Mission et. Constitution and by-inws ;
adopted at last convention to bt? read betore -¦
thi* meeUag. GEORGE W. DILLON. j
Secretary Brotherhood of Teamsters. Local j
No S5. of San Francisco. Cal.
NOTICE o£ meeting of stockholders — Office of
Spring Valley Water Company, rooru 3, sixth
floor, 120 Stockton street, San Krancieco. '
C_l.. September 15, 19U3 — To the stock- j
holders of the Spring Valley Water Com-
pany: Notice is hereby given that, pur-
suant to a resolution of the Beard cf Direct-
ors cf the Spring Valley Water 1 Company, a \
corporation, unanimously adopted en the 15th j
<iay of September, 1903, at a meeting of
eaid .board, duly called and held at the j
otflce or eaid company in the city and county •
of San Francisco. State of Caiiiornia, a j
meeting of the stockholders of naid corpora- i
tion will be held at the office and principal I
place of business of said corporation, to- '
wSt. in room three. Elxth 'floor, In the build- |
ing on the southeast corner of Geary and |
Stockton streets, in the city and county of I
San Francisco. State of California, known !
tf- No. 126 Stockton street, stdd- building
being the building where the Board of Di-
rectors of said corporation usually meets,
slid taid room being the room in said build-
ing where the directors and stockholder* of
es.id cc-rpcmtlcn usually meet, on Monday,
the 23d day ol November. 1903, at 2 o'clock
p. m.. for the object and purpose of then
and there considering and %-otins upon a
proposal to create a bonded Indebtedness of |
raid Spring Valley -Water Comoany In the 1
turn ot twenty-eicht million ($28,000,000 00) \
dcll&rs, i~yable December 1, 19:3, with An- !
terest thereon at the rate of 4 per cent I
per annum, payable semi-annually, and prin-
cipal and interest bavable in gold coin ot
the United States cf America of the present j
etandsrd cf weirht and fineness; and to |
secure the bonded indebtedness, : o proposed !
to be created, by a mortgage upon or deed i
cf trust of all the proiw-rty of said corpora- I
tion now owned or which It may hereafter I
acquire and Curing the life or term of said j
mortgage cr iee& ot trust. By order of
the Board of Directors.
PELHAM W. AMES,
Secretary of the Spring Valley Water Cotn-
¦ P»cy.
THE California Debris Cornnv.Mion having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
rroc^f b from E. C. Kavanaugh and William '
H. Duffey In Phillip* mine, near Forest
Hill. Pl_cer County. Cal.. draining Into Mis- I
soun Creek, which reachr* American River.
¦ nd from North America Consolidated Gold
Mining Company, in Its mine near Glbson-
ville. Sierra County. Cal.. draining into west
branch of Slate Creek, which reaches Tuba
River, gives notice that meeting will be held
at room 90. Flood building. San Francisco,
Cal.. November 2. 1903. at 1:30 p. m.
AGE I STS VV A STED^
AUEVTS — An SLBrenry for a proposition that is
a decided . improvement on building and loan
ie worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Ccmp^ry. Parrott bldg.
ATI Oil.NfcTi S-AT-LAW.
_„_-________ _
OLD ESTABLISHED
COLUMBIAN LAW _ COLLECTION AGENCY
Able, attorneys. Rm. 85, 916 Market, oppo-
site EmrKjrium. Bad tenants ejected speedily
and rea-onably. Collections, no matter how
•mall, attended to; attachments; bonds fur-
niched; corporation? organized; civil and crim-
inal practice. Tel. John V226. Open evgs. by ap-
pointment. We- solicit an interview with you.
AXJVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorcee a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE.
Attorney and Counselor at Law,
Open Evenings 7 to 9. Phone Jessie 4711.
Olficee on First Floor — Rooms 1. 2, 3. 4 and 5.
1122 Market St.. Between Mason and Taylor.
AJx-oct Opposite "Hale'a" Dry Goods Store.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc. ~
Practice In Federal and all State Courts. .
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecutions. J adjustments, corporations, pat-
ents, estates, probate.
Ex perienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice g_t.ranteed. Correspondence •"licited.
til FllA. 611B Crossley Bldg. Tel. John 2£2«.
N. EL Cor. Sew Montgomery and Mission Sts.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room 611; all cases, damaxes, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenlr.trs by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in merttori-
<m# case*, divorces, probate and all other law
races; no fees in advance; open every even-
lr._. J. M. THURSTON. E19 Market «_. r. 31.
WARNER TEMPLE. 83 Chronicle building;
bankruptcy, accidents, prot>ate and matri-
monial cases: labor liens.
Warner Temple, 93 Chronicle big.; bankruptcy,
accidents, probate, matrimonial; labor llen&.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings; tenants
ejected, $5. 816 Market»r.S2. phone Black 651.
A. M. EWING — Attorney-at-law. Room 612,
rerrott bldg.: phone South €55.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; Quick, quiet; »pen even-
. lars. 827 Market «t.. room 301.
_. 6. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
fc»t rL; cot— ultatlon free; no fees tn advance.
JLITKEN ft AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11.
Cluaie bldg.. 503 California St.; teL Main 7-7.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law boriness. W. W. Davidson. B27 Market.
BUSINESS I CHANCES. ~
FOR ealer-Furnlture, carpets and good win of
a new brick apartment-house of 175 rooms,
tn the city's eweileet locality; cartly fur-
nit-h«d. andvalthough Just opened is Over halt
filled with regular tenants already; long
lease; if you want an apartment-house don't
fall to get particulars of this st rooms 1404
and 14G5. Call bull(Hnc.
RESTAURANT and oyster house.* 108 Seventh
et.: gatos in another business. -'
OWING to continued ill health will sell best
paying email coffee house south of Market
Ft.; bo jsxent*. I£5 Fourth st.
PRINTING offlce for Fale; established patron-
age; cheap rent; best chance for the money
in city. Box 261 ((, Cell. -*—-- afea _a
GOOI> bakery in country town to let; account
.--f othrr buslnefs. 40S McAllister et. . „-
FOR Mle— Restaurant, $20»; good" location;
muet leave account cf health. IOCS PoweU.
HELP WANTED—MALE— Continued.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY^ "
620 SACRAMENTO 8T.^ 520 -
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leidesdortf st.
New box factory. See boss here this morn-
ing. Steady Jobs.
Bandresawman. edger, planer and cutoftmen,
box printer, 10 roustabout*. 5 lumber pliers,
*2 60 day; board in hotei; no blankets re-
quired. See boss . here.
BUTTE CO. -CHICO— — CHEAP • FARE.
100 teamsters, laborers, rockmen, tunnelmen,
*2 25 to 12 75 day.
OREGON— COAL MINERS— FREE FARE.
10 handy men with tools, $2 00 day; NEW
CAMP; _0 laborers, near city, free fare, all
winter's job, inside work. $Q0.
300 men for woods, yards and mills.
PRIVATE R. R., NEAR CITY— 5 laborers.
mines] tunnels, etc
5 miners, 8 hours, S!K); 5-" muckers. It's
NORTH, $75; 10 laborers, large mine.
SOUTH, part fare paid, $2 day; 300 men,
chop wood, cut ties, shingle and stave bolts,
all over; also IIUMBOLDT COUNTY.
Cooks, waiters and dishwashers. Call and
get a list of jobs.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
- ?>?*) Sacramento st.
AT S. F. Employment Bureau, 17 Fourth st.
Rough carpenters, ship to-day, $2 50 day up.
Laborers and rockmen. 'city. $2 to $2 60 day.
Two 2-horse teamsters, $50 and found.
We shin < free fare to Reno, Nevada.
Hough carpenters, free fare. Salt Lake, $3 50
a day.; - .
Lumber pliers, swampers and spool tenders. \
Donkey engineer, long job, $45 and found.
Call early; lots of work for all.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
¦' , Phone Grant 26.
CARPENTER for mine; man and wife, privato
family, $50; farmer and wife, first -c!at3
ranch, $50 and Increase; Jobbing carpenter,
city; married man to care for place; sheep
herder, $30 and found; woodchoppers, $1 tier;
laborers, f 2 day; . quarrymen. $2 25 day:
cooks; waiter, country hotel, $30; porter ard
runner, $30; restaurant porter, $8 week, and
others. S. F. CROS_TT &' CO.. 028 Sacra-
mento «t. •• . - .-. »
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
69 Third St., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE. '
NEVADA NEVADA.
Reno. Golconda and Ryndon.
100 laborers, $2 a day; S. P. R. R. Co.'s own
work.
OREGON COAL MINES.
FARE ADVANCED.
8 coal miners, 0-foot' vein, $1 a ton; ship
to-day.
4 laborers, city, 0 hours, $2 25.
4 men for rock quarry. $2 25 a day.
CHICO, BUTTE CO. \
Half Rate Fare, $2 80.
12 teamsters, $2 50 a day.
lo laborers. ?2 25 a day.
Ship to-day: fee $1.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third st.
LARGE boy to drive light delivery wagon:
must nave experience driving In the Western
-Addition; $10 per week. Call to-day from 10
to 12. BLUM'S Confectionery, comer; Polk
and Sutter sts.
YOUNG cmen everywhere, copy letters, home
. evenings. $9 50 week; send addressed en- !
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W 4,
box 1411, Philadelphia, Pa. |
WANTED— A young man As shipping clerk in
maehlui chop; must be thoroughly ex7>erl-
enced. Address box 4462 Call offlce.
BARBER shop across the bay; 3 chairs; steady;
furniture up to date; must be sold at once.
STOLTZ. 723 Market st. ¦
BARBER shop; country, near Sacramento; two
chairs, 2 baths, -cigars and tobacco; good
trude; can be bought cheap; buyer must be
speedy. STOLTZ. 723 Market at. ,
WHY pay bi_ pAces to have your shoes half-
soled when you can ,_et It done for 25c, 50c
and UOc, while you wait at 503 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.?
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
. talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON
477 and 4&f> Parrott building. v
BOY to wait on table. 130 Second st.
ADVERTISING solicitor; new business. 638
Market et.. front offlce.
BRIGHT, active boy of 16 to 18 for wholesale
house. Box 735. Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted. 502 Turk st.
WANTED— Walter. 201 First st.
WANTED — Two first-class carpenters at 145
Chattanooga st.
WANTED — Man to work fruit store; must
have exr>erlence. 1315 Stockton st.
BOY wanted, 18 years old. 100 Ellis stJ
WANTED— A- younr man to work In kitchen.
Tivoll Cafe", 1« Eddy st.
WAITER wanted at 013 Clay st. .
WANTED — Boy to drive wagon. 469 Seventh
fit.. Oakland.
BARB1SR shop; steady; neat, 2 chnirs; Berke-
-. Icy; must be sold: $125. Stoltz, 723 Market.
TRY our men's shoes, union made. at'$l and
? J 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50: r we pay
express or mall chr*r»<. - 11 3d St.. Exam. ' bid.
WANTED — For U. \ S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied ¦ unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must rpeak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on tnen-of-
¦-.'.w_r.in all parts of the' world, on land in our
island possessions and at naval stations t.n
! the -United States, i Apply at recruiting ot-
flce. 40 • Ellis st.. san Francisco, Cal., and
; 401 K St.. Sacramento, Cal. i r.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln,- Reno House proprietor, • has
added 100 new rcoms to the Denver . House.
217- Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
STRONG school boy to carry morning paper;
south Market St.; no Sunday work. Room 8,
lflOS Market st. '
WANTED — Two : tof> mattress makers ;¦ union
V shop. Apply- Wakefleld Mnfg. Co., 461 and
\. 403 Fourth st.. Oakland. ¦ .
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
: Apply room • 14, 26 Montgomery st., San
Francisco Construction Company. .
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis St.; 14
' years' practice; ref ererces from thousands of
, ¦ persons for whom I have secured pensions. •
BARBERS— 5-chalr: shop In heart" of city for
rale: owner going : to Europe. - Call DECK-
.. ELMAN EROS.. 106 Ellis et.
'FIRST-CLASS : shawens* maker; also cabinet
maker; only c .those"- thoroughly understanding
¦ the' trade need apply.' '1158 Ilission st. •
BARBERS— For sale, good-paying 2-chair
1 shop. For Information call at- 1547 Mission
¦ gt., ? after. 6 p. i m. .
2 GOOD men: neat | in j appearance; references
'- jrequlred. " • 110 Geary.; st.,^ fourth floor.
A - YOUNG man as porter; ; references. '^ Crystal
¦vv:-j Hotel, ¦; Fourth and Berry sts.
BUSHELMAN -and icoitmakers for; country
•;- * Ap^ly REISS ¦ BROS. & • CO.*, 24 Sutter st.
BARBER, trade "taught in 5 week...- Address I
- W. ¦•¦ C. B., i 047 ; Commercial st. : - .
MKN - to ¦ learn' barber . trade ; ; catalogue mailed.'
. S. :F.; Barber School. T41A Howard st. ;
SOLICITOR, wanted :good pay. Apply 610 Sac-
:;ramento st..* Sun Francisco. •¦."
BARBER ; shop for sale; short hours. 127 Clay
•.street; ;'.;.¦¦ '••: . '-..•¦ ¦ - ',-
MAN 'to learn the barber ! trade: first-class ln-
; 'structlons guaranteed.^; till-' Commercial : st.
McDONALDi & PERRY have a large ¦ stock~o*f
¦ ¦' new and second-hand Bhocs-. cheap.,2a9 3d st.
PENSION atty.^ E. '-'A: Bullts." • room « 40, Phelan
»bldg. Pant'Com.iQeo. HyThomas PostQ.A.R.
"SAILORS "and ordinary, seamen for ¦ Europe and
Australia;- .HERMAN 1 3.\ 26 [ Steuart st.
nUSrXKSS CgAWCES— Conttnoed.
FRUIT store: 2 horses: 2 wagons; must be
gold: sickness. Call 1545 Geary st. -. ¦
FOR eale — Branch bakery: good location; price
$175. 1C26J4 Hyde, opp. power-house.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SAX.E. ¦
100 ROOMS- house for men; rent $140. ..$4000
CS rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 2000
24 looms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. S50
11 looms; good Income; rent $20..... 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease. 650
120 roor-e; good lease; low rent C50i>
C7 rtns.; apartments ; Western Add. ;rent - 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent. i -
Hotels, roftdhouses, flats, 6 to 100 rooms.
EITEL _ CARROLL, 212 Kearny st.
MUST SELL account elckness, J2-room lodg-
ing-house. 231 Golden Gate ave.; rooms
full: a bargain. " . '•":
FURNITURE of 8 rooma and bath; for sale;
rooms all rented; $200. 4C2^ Sixth ¦„
SPimTLALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c; private readings to-day and to-morrow;
come skeptics. 619 McAllister Et. .
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-'*
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavia; phone Scott 887.
MRS. CONNOLL, 14S Sixth St.; circle every
night; tests to. all. 10c; readings dally.
MRS. EVERHARDTS spiritual test meeting
t©-nlght. 10c. 3250 Twenty-second st.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
8:80 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First R-glstered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell you your
came, occupation 'and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart 'is .true or false; I tell you
whom and when you will marry; in fact, I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character »o that you will reach the
highest possible development in mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; eo you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. ra. to S
p. m.; Sundays. 2 to S. 326 O'FarreH «l. 320.
MME. M. BEHNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; the reads your life correctly, sives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
preeent happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
cf life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
lngs by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
IEMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
na.lrr.l5t, permanently located at 1104 Market
«t., «or. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 6 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1:
full life, $5: send lock of hair, date and year
cf birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce.
: WW«-Fargo money order or registered letter.
1 a— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
¦ card reader, born with a double veil and ses-
! end tight; tells the past, present and future;
ladies, 50c: gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
j and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
i MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.:
Oias second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names: L. 50c: G. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.av.
MME. LEE. palmistry and clairvoyant; hours
9-5; evenings and. Sundays by appointment;
' readings 50c 1200 Market, parlor 81; elev.
GIFTED clairvoyant test medium; names
given; ladies only, 25c; 2 to 8. 10pS Harrison
St.. near Sixth.
! A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice:
r.anifs given; 25c up. 5 4th Ft., near Market.
MISS WARD elves names, dates and facts ;
hours 10 to 8. 413 Mason st. ; no sign.
MRS. GARDNER, clairvoyant, canl reader.
C55B Minna St., bet. 7th and 8th: hours 9-9.
OLDEST lady pjaimist and card reader in city.
Kearny.. room 20; ladies 25c. gents 30c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: elt-
tlngs dally. 443% Jessie st.. bet. 5th and Cth.
I
1 AIR, compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, oa
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO., Call bid.; phene Main 0237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lag Works, 355-S57 Tehama stl; tel. South 49.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
| anteed. 3c 1S43 15th St.: phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1S09 Har-
rtcon St.; Al cleaning. 3c: tel. Mission 225.
j CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero st.: tel. Mission 4J.
TRY HOPICE BROS.; excellent carpet-beatlsg:
rr.attregfes made over.1432 Howard;South 210.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO, WALCOM & CO.. Prop*.
i RUDOLPH _ CO., carpet-beating works; price*
I reasonable. 17a**. Harrison St.: tel. Mission 1263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
Kg Golden Oate av». : telephone Ra«t 123.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montromery. rooms 9-10; tel. R3V0
DENTISTS. '
ELECTRO-DENTA_i CLINIC, SOU Mar_st~«itTT
cor. Fourth, room 7. Flood building; extrac-
tion* done painlessly ; teeUi without plates
our specialty; gold crowns, $3 50 up; plates,
$4 50 up, extraction* free: offlce noun. 0
a. m. to 9 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS, 6O4-6-4S Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., nses the Bastord Obtun-
der, the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.Ele-ent*
— No charge for extracting when plates ar»
zcade; old plates made over like new; teetli
from $S per set: extracting. 50c: gas glrea.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50: fillings. 50c;
plates, it; full set ;all work palnltes and war-
ranted. Ch'^aco Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth at.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, ccr.Bush —
gft teeth $1 60 up: crowns $2 up: fillings 25c.
GOLD fillincs. 75c; sliver. 35c; croons, $2; no
rain: cn»n Bnndny. Dr.O.B.Hewt».t.204 S'Jtter.
URKSSSIAICISRS AND SKAMSTItKSSKS
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. 6te\yS
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Tayl/r.'
* EDUCATIOKAJn
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian
Association conducts a night school for men,
an engineering school, an evening law school,
_ working boys' night school and a day busi-
ness and academic school. Students havo
gymnasium and- other privileges. Apply at
Y. M C. A. building. Mason and Ellis sts.
Lady her own decorator/ In oil paint-
EVERY Ing en silk, satin, * .velveA and rib-
bons; leesons in circles or- single-
terms moderate. FRENCH ART INSTITUTE
1135 Ge«rv «t- . /
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
lenpcapes. telegraphy, English branches;
flay/tnd night sessions; lllus. catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
-. dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket ft.; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50: day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln St..
"A thorough School" : positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual in-
ttructlon. ' Write fcr illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, l_w and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor: day, evening sessions. Phelan bid?.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1233 I
Market st. — Practical, progressive, ¦ reliable;
day & evening sessions;, write for catalogue. '
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.^Teutonla Hall, Howard St., nr.
Oth. Prof, yoster; society dancing taught.
A GENTLEMAN teaches privately young men
and women • whose education ban been neg-
lected; alto foreigners. Call or add. 719 J>ost.
HEALD'S School of Mines — Electrlcity,24 Post
et.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
'ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, min., mech.. sur-
vey. ac&ay. cyanide; day. eve.; esf 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
G. MANSFIELD. . teacher of violin, guitar,
mandolin, banjo. 426 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH.Frineh.etc.Prof.DeKilippe'sAeadeniy
of LanguBKfcg.320Post;e8tab'd 1871; ablest profs.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College. 530 Golden Gate
ave; full business course: day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION ..Day and
PARTINGTON'E. 424 Pine st:'. .Night -claw.-
ARITHMETIC bookkeeping, grammar, writinz.
etc.: Cay or ere.: $5 mo.'. 1024 Mlsslon.nr,Ct_.i
. t HELP. WAXTEP— MAL_— Conttnned.
A— MURRAY & READT, 634 and 638 Clay st.
Phone Main 5848. ) -
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 we gave 1903 we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 men work.
Arizona, - Oregon.
Nevada. - .'
Southern Pacific and tianta Fe systems;
free pass ,
Oa Every Train. •
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra
gangs, teamsters, hammersmen. '
Mines, Tunnels, Quarries. '
Miners all over State. ?90 and $82 50.
-Stables, Farms, Orchards, Dairies.
Farm and orchard hands. $30, $35, $40 fd.;
milkers, $30 to J50 found.
Chcremen, coachmen, gardeners, etc., $30.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs, $3i> to $6O.
Sawmills. Woods —
Laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to $70
found.
. 305 woodchoppers.
2S7 tlemakers.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc.. from ?C0. ?7O, $SO, $90. $1OO.
$125 to $150 month.
Cooks. Walters. Porters.
. Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mined and
ranches, city and country. ?3f> to $70 found.
Waiters, city and country, $23 to $40 found.
Butcher?, liffercnt jobs, $10 to $90 found.
Mechanical —
2 coopers, factory. 20c fare. $3 25 day.
• Laborers and - teamsters, city and country,
many In San Francisco, $2 25.
Placer County. ... '
16 laborers, flume work with carpenter,
$67 50.
16 carpenters, flume work, fare $3, $75.
Santa Barbara To-day.
26 .laborers, you'll suit, $45 found.
Arizona — ' ' — '.
903 miles. Prescott. Middletawn.
Arizona to-day. $1 50 fee
6,slack coopers. 0c: 5 cabinetmakers.
To Fresno To-day.
15/}_borers, lumber company, $40 to $53 fd.
¦ > Oregon.
Coal miners. Oregon. Free fare.
65 coal miners. Oregon. $3 to $5 a day. .
Butcher, shop, south, $47 B0 and found.
5 boys, learn trades, ?5, $6 and $7 a week.
2 carpenters' helpere.'fare 30c, $2 50 day.
Shingler. Monterey County. fOO.
3 carpenters, Monterey County, $90.
Blacksmith helper, $2 25 day.
Gardener, choreman. country. $25 found.
Milk wagon driver.- 15c fare. $35 found.
Man and wife, easy, good country Job, $40 fd.
A miners, fare $4, $75.
Man to run separator, city Job. $30 found.
Painter and paperhanger. $3 50 day.
Steward. $73 and commission,
for first-class *rill rretaurant.
_ DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
N *i™- Four-horse teamsters.
*' 8 - You'll suit; go to-day, j
Cost you . $1 . That's All.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BIG LUMBER TRUST.
Located in center of grreat gold center.
El Dorado County.- '-¦ '
2o laborers, you'll suit. $45 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st-
TOGETHER YOU CAN GO.
Old man and wife, ranch. $45 and house.
Ranch teamsters. $30 and found.
4 farm hands, clear land. $26 and found.
6 woodchoppers. pine wood, tools founa. SI
p?r cord; also 4 shingle bolt makers. $1 25
cord. - •
BOSS AT OUR OFFICE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st. -
ARIZONA— ITALIANS.
. 65 Italians, Mexicans. Big Wages.
f>5 Austrians, Spanish. Big Wages.
55 Portuguese. Bis Wages.
Board yourselves and 2 years' Job.
MURRAY &. -READY. 634-63q Clay st.
53 ITALIANS.
Railroad ballasting, etc., steady good Job. for
American Steel and other trusts about their
great works. . '¦
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
HOTEL MEN. LOOK!
Steward, country commercial hotel, a good
buyer and caterer, boss here: good wages.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
, orthopedic shoes. $3 50;best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bldg.. 6 doors from Market.
j MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 35c night; reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements aad^
•ubscrlptlons has been established at 1064
Valencia st.^
ALL sizes men's shoes,- slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts:
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25o
to 50c. . p >63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
; FINE rubber-tired buggy and new harness.
! also good driving horse, for sale; a bargain.
! Apply 817 Montgomery ave. Tel. James 2306.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money.
«»t JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market st.. San Francisco.
A FINE new rubber-tired Victoria for sale,
cheap; the latest style. 1504 Folsom st.
BIG auction every Tuesday, 11 a. m. ; horse*,
harness, wagons, bttggien. 1140 Folsom st.
FOR sale — A young horse, to make room; $50.
3-172 Mission «t.
Ml'ST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 321
Sixth st. -
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and _erart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest as3ortmt 2-hand wagons.buckb'd, sur-
. re".h»m«'3g.work.drlvlng horses. 15th- Valencia
f. HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr.
cular.^x. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery
A— HOUSES <ind flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely ' free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
CASTRO S09 — 9 sunny rooms, bath, large
basf merit, yard; key 811 Castro fct.
VAN NESS ave.. 2104. near Pacific — Modern
house; 10 rooms; rent $70.
SUNNY house; 8 rooms; $40. 816 McAllister
street. , "'Q--
BEFORE moving net our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET— FURMSHED.
A NICELY furnished" sunny cottage. Western
Addition; will rc-nt 6 months, ccmpltte, with
piano. Box 2C23. Call offlce.
hXyeS, 1423, near Park Panhandle— fl rooms,
bath. . lar_e closet, yard, basement: accom-
modate 4 to 6 adults; desirable. Call 12 to 5.
HOUSES FIRMSIIKD FOR SALE}.
MUST sell at once the furniture of 7 sunny
rooms; chraD rent. -240 . Post ?^
,y.*V;v- <• HOUSES WANTED.
.WANTED— Dec. 1. by four adults, a good-
1 vised, -well furnished house In Western Addi-
tion; references aa regards care. Box SU,
Menlo Fark, Cal.
HOUSE of 14 to IS rooms, on long lease, with-
in 5 blocks City Hall. Apply 1170 Market
,nt.. room 64. ¦ - - ¦*...*/.
LOST AND KOUSD. ~
LOST — Tan leather purse containing ¦ small i
leather purse inside, ?. keys and seme small
change; lost near Boulevard station on Ocean
\ Beach. . Finder please return to 534' Capp st.
31 and receive reward.
LOST— In the vicinity of Valencia and 25th
-sts.. a smalt Mexican dojr. answers to the
name of, Chew Chew. Reward given if re-
turned to Dr. R.- C. -MEYERS, Kuss House.
LOST — Tuesday evening, gold watch and fob; 1
monogram, en case, G. T. &¦. and Inscription '
inside. • Liberal reward at 120 Second st.
' LOST— Eyeglasses" going from Oak and Bu-
rharian to Lacuna to Hayes- to Gough: re-
- ward. Box 2127, :Call.
PAIR of opera glasses at California Theater.
Liberal reward GEORGE BENNETT. 112
Lcidesdcrft st. . !
STRAYED— Oct. IS.' from 455 Eddy st.. small- 5
' black and white* /ox . terrier, named Baron; I
r reward < for. return. . • ' ' . I
FOUND — Fur neckpiece; will the lady who tele.
'. phoned to the milliner on Post 'st. please send
her address? ; Will: return upon paying for
advertisement. Box 4461. Call of .Ice.
IT will pay to "RenienVherV. that the California
-. Watch , Case" Co.. 22O gutter . rt.. i needs old
FOlS—.»nil ""liver to make new -' wateh . eas*a.
MEPI< ? AI " . : . ¦ ~~ i
SAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN. \
DOCTOR WHITE^ ,
. TREATS WOMEN ONLY. i
702 MARKET. ST.; room 7. Phone. R^d r£2*.. '
- Every facility, for the : BEST treatment •_ of
all diseases and - disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. " Select 'patients. Strictly confi-
dential. ' Fees ¦ within the reach of ; all.
MRS DR. WYETH.: specialist -for all fem-la ,
:< complaints: instant relief guaranteed; 30
v years' - experience ;-. removed ' to S26 ¦ Post St.
MRS.' DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
- • male ' troubles 'and ; lrresularlties: ' Instant r»-
ll«f guaranteed. 100S Vi Market at., opp. Sta,
Tgiii urii Airim'-jinfi-maiTTtKt-.TiiiwTTTriTn-'tmTiitrirTMiifi mi ngtfti iiTFT
¦ HELP •WANTED— FEMALE— Con.
TWO waitresses for nice cafe, $30; 2 cooks,
country hotel, $30; 6 cooks, German families,
$30-$35; housework Berkeley, $30; San Ra-
fael, $30; parlor maid. $30; 5 second girls,
$20-$25; nurse girl. $25; Benlcla. $25. 2 chil-
dren; man and wife, $50; laundreea, orphan
home, |25; kitchen helper, institution, $25;
chambermaid sleep home, $8 50 week; cook,
8 men, $25; chambermaid and waiting, city
hotel, $20; chambermaid, country hotel, $25.
fare paid; 2 waitresses for country. $20, and
other places too many to advertise. Call to-
day, J. F. CROSETT — CO.. 334 Butter st.
COOK, wash and Iron, 4 family, $45; cook,
Eanta Clara Valley, no washing, $35 v general
housework girl, city, little washing, $35. Call
to-day. J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 334 Sutter st.
A CHAMBERMAID and laundress, $30, also
a waitress, same place, $30, see party here.
10 o'clock; 2 cooks. $40 and $35: nurse, $23;
2 eecond girls. $25; houseglrl, $"5; kitchen
helper, $25; waitress, country hotel, $25;
nursegirl, sleep home. $12. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
A — Glrjs to learn millinery now for fall season:
both -seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 ro.
eitlons to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc..' 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
SEWINO MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS * CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home evenings or spare time and return to
us*; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly,
earned: materials free. Enclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co., No.
W 4 Ninth St., Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED— Girl J or waitress and seamstress:
wage* $25 or^?30; references. Apply morn-
Ings 1403 Jackson St., corner Nineteenth,
Oakland. ".
WANTED — Experienced saleslady to take
charge of veiling department.* MARKS
BROS.. 1220 Market st. ¦
WANTED — An experienced young lady, from
17 to 20 years, for offlce work. Address box
¦737. Call offlce. - -
WANTED — Ladles for vaudeville; no experi-
ence required. . Call 2 to 5 p. m., room 18,
417 Bush at.' i
WANTED — 50 ladles for three months for ad-
, vertlsing purposes; good wages. Inquire ele-
vator, man. 231 Post st. ¦
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON,' 477
. and 478 Parrott building. .
GOOD second millinery trimmer; plain maker;
apprentice, paid while learning. 24 Kearny.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for resDonsible posi-
tion; business experience. Box 4464, Call.
WANTED— Chambermaid and to assist wait-
ing; wages $25. Hotel Mlraraar, 703 Geary.
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st. ¦ ¦ - - '.
GIRL about 14 or 15 to take care of baby. 2214
Larkln st. • '
WANTED — Experienced finishers on coats.
BARON'S. 7C2 Market st.
GIRL for cooking and assist -with housework;
wages $20. 740 Castro st. ¦
NURSE for sanitarium. 2344 Sutter st.
GIRL — Chocolate dipper; best of wages; steady
position. JOHNWICHMAN, 485 Valencia.
A NEAT girl, experienced cook; wages $30 to
$35. 1180 O'Farrell Bt.
' CHOCOLATE and bonbon dipper at 140ft Polk
street. '
EXPERIENCED saleslady. . steady, *for candy
ftore at 1400 Polk st; call after 10 a. m.
GIRL to do general housework in a small fami-
• ly; references required.- 715 Scott st.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply _t once. AMES — HARRIS. 100 Sac-
rament o st . *»->¦> uyf ¦-
FINISHER on ladies' cloaks and suits. GOLD-
MAN & KRAMER. 759 Market st. .
WANTED — Improvers at dressmaking. CAL-
LAHAN. 330 O'Farrell . Bt.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
lng; wages $18. 42 Stanley place.
j WANTED— Good lroners. The French Laun-
dry Co.. 3372 Mission st.
GIRL to assist In light housework;' 4 adults;
wages $15; sleep home. Apply £100 Stelner.
OPERATORS and \ftnlshers o'n white shirts.
ROGKRSOX'S. 533 Valencia St.
WANTED— Girk to assist in light housework;
wages $15. 1014 Jackson fit.
2 LADIES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. 69 Columbian bldg.. city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. *- Instructor. 302 Montgomery, j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fill more.
1 A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and'
subscriptions has been established at 1U00
Valencia at. ... ¦
WAITED— -MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Emp. Offlce.
429 Bush St., :..... 642 Clay st
FOR SALT LAKE TRESTLE WORK.
10 carpenters, with tools. ............ ..$3 80
Beard $4 50 week ;.".". Free, fare
. 500 laborers for "Nevada '. $2
Board $4 50 week .... .........Free fare
Absolutely Free Fare for all Above.
Vui-FOR CHICO, BUTTE CO.. CAL.
Teamsters, 2 and 4 horse.. ..$2 25-$2 50
Rate fare $2 SO ... ..... ; . . ... .Ship dally
• FOR LUMBER CO., NORTH.-; ..
Swampers, crosscut ters," laborers, pliers.. $C0
<• No Sunday Work.
Heater and crew.* rolling mil!, country, 0-
Inch guide. 20-inch bar mill.
Regular wages.. .......See boss here to-day
10 rough carpenters. : El? Dorado Co., $2 59
day; see boss here. •. :^--»»
Cooper, wholesale. house, $55; stableman, $30.
T.0 extra waiters, $2; 4 bus boys..... ....... $1
Free . fare both ; ways . . .... .... Country hotel
Cook, ; R. R. -, eating-house. . ......... ... ..$75
2 •. waiters, : helps' '4 hall, ¦ country hotel ' 1$25;
.waiter, country : hotel. $35: German Saloon
1 porter, $40; assistant cook, $35;. kitchen hand,
. $-'10, country hotel; night clerk, country hotel,=
$H0;. kitchen hands.' potwashers/ dishwashers;'
barkeeper, $50- beer tapper, $40. '-*>' ;
C. -R, HANSEN: & CO... .Employment office
420 Bush st V. .-; .-'. -•• .'.642 Clay st.
ALL classes of laundry hands, who want to go
south, for, first-class-country -hotel; .best, of
. wages: free fare; call Immediately and leave
your address /-,.,-.-.- .
C R. HANSEN. & CO. .42) . Bush : st.
AT "E., & B." R. R. Labor Agsncy. . < :
. v. 6:!8 ' Commercial •' st.
¦ '¦.*• Free Fare— Free 'Fare, .
;:-: 50 .tunnel men, iS2 50 to; $3 day.;
- tio muckers and drillers,* $2 to $2 50 a day.
1 CO . laborers, - $2 a', day. -. •
Ixms; • job; . eieht * months' 'work. <
." Free fare--Ryndon. ". ¦ N"evadar»5*---»Vi«'
VE. _ B." R. R. ; LABOR AGENCY,
.; v 63S i Commercial , st. -i.
GOOD ; carriage blacksmith .helper.' 1370 Turk
. St.. near FUlmore.^ . ¦ . '".' -: ;
The stories on© hears of the wonderfulgrood
That oft comes from an ad in The Call
- , Are really at times quite surpassing belief.
Though their truth can't be doubted at all.
Now If you would HRe to put this to the test
You v can do it at cost that is small-
Just briner us the Want Ad, and we'll do the rest,
•';,' And you'll say there's naught pays like The Call.Continued Prom Page Thirteen.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William Ede Company (corporation), owners,
with J. G. Grannls & Co. (corporation), con-
(contractor), architect T. J. Welsh — All work
for a one-story basement and attic frame- build
ing on E line of Capp street, 90 S of Twentieth,
E 120 by S 40; $3979.
B. J. Judge (owner) with J. Schmidt (con
tractor), architect A. J. Kosby — All alterations
and additions to a two-story frame building
(flats) on SK corner of Turk and Broderick
streets. E 25 by N 137:6; $4275.
Rod Men's Hall Association (owners) with
City Street ImDrovement Company (contract
ors), architect — E_cavatins, bulkheading.
etc., for a three-story brick building on N line
of Golden Gate ax'er.ue. 137:6 W of leaven
worth street, N 137:6, W S2:6, S 57:6, E 22, S
SO, — 60:6 to beginning; $2397.
Sums owners with American-Hawaiian Engi
neering and Construction Company (contract
ors), archlect — All work exceyH excava
ting for same on N line of Golden Gate ave
nue, 137:6 W of Leavenworth. W 60:6. N 80,
W 122, N 57:6. E 82*S. S 137:6; $64,072 68.
tractors, architect Wnilam Curtett — Heating
apparatus In theater and office building now la
course of construction on S line of Market
street, 76 E of Ninth. E 50. 3 165, W 125, N
75. — 75. N 90; $7360. • '
Mrs. Lewis Gerstle (owner) with J. O. Gran-
Dls & Co. (contractcrs). architects Henry H.
Meyers and C. R. Ward — Heating system for a.
two- story basement »nd attic frame residence
on NW corner of Paciflo avenue and Flllmore)
street, W 207. N 127:SVi. W 51:2H. S 12T:8&.
E 51:2^; $11S5. ' '
'-.:> Builders' ;<X>ntracta. *
Helen ; Ii.'h Smith (owner) : with Joseph - Neal
Charles E. ana Louise M. Miller to Henry
P. Sonntap. lot on SB corner of Liberty and
Guerrero 6treets. S 62:6 by B 100; $10.
1 J. : B. Painter Company (a corporation) to J.
D. Mendenhall. lot on W line of Bryant street,
90 8 of Twenty-filth, S 50 by W 100; 910.
Henry E. and Jennie W. Bothln to Abby M.
Parrott. lot on NE' corner of Sacramento and
Davis streets. E 100 by N 119:6; $10.
Thomas and Rebecca Denlgan to Leon Gug
genhlnu-. lot on W line of Stockton etreet, 65
S of O'Farrell,. S 27:6 by W 82:6; #10.
• William M.and Elizabeth GUlespie to Pierre
and Therese Escoffler lot on N line Of Bernard
etreet 8J:« W of Taylor (120 S of Broadway).
W 23:6 by N 60; $10.
John C. Currier vs. Hattle N. Hale. Sally
W Andrews. Gussle G. and Anna C. Smith,
Harriet ¦ N. and Ralph L. Currier (by John T.
Harmes, referee) to Josephine Cockrill, lot on
N line of California street. 165 E of Larkln,
E 30 by/N 137:6; $8100. /
Bessie K. C. Wilson to Samuel D. Magnes
and Matthew D. Brown, lot on SE line of Mis.
Bion street. 100 NE of Fourth. NE 25 by SE
Bernard Cramer to Frederick B, and Martha
Whit* lot on SW line of Rlteh etre*t. 100 SB
of Folsom. SE 25" by SW 75; #1». _ ;-,-
Lltzle D Smith (Jewett) to Holmes Invest
ment Company • and Jennie C. Skinner (wife
of David E.) lot oh NW line of Jessie street,
C9 6SW of Se%t«th..SW. 210:6 by NW 80; $10.-
William W. and Carrl* F. Rednall to Julius
A Morch lot on S line of Eighteenth street,
60* E> of ¦Vermont; E 25 by 8 80; $10. ' '_
j; Frank : and Marea ..Walters to J.- H. L.
Harms lot on- W line of Thirty-eighth avenue,
55 S of Clement street. S 25 by W. 120; also
lot on E Une of , Thirty-ninth avenue. 2S0 S
of Clemfht street. S DO by B 120; $10 - • ,-.
¦ Same to Henry D. Hawks. r lot on S line of
H street. ' 32 :6W of Forty-first avenue, .W CO
by B 100: $10.~ • .. ' ;
. William H.and Florence A. Quinn to Letltla
H and 'Anna' J. ¦ Keenan.- lot, on S' line of J
street, 57:0 W of Thirty-fourth avenuej W
60*by-S'100; $10.
Same to Louise C. Kennan. lot on N l!ne
of K street," 82:6 E of Twenty-seventh avenue,
E 60 "by:N'100;-$10. 7 ".".•;
"¦" Jesse aad Theresa McKenna to Charles Lutt-
Hncer. lo^bn NW line of i Mission street. 50
BW of -HftrrlnEton; " S W 60 by N W 100, Acad
emy Tract; $5. v . ; - ¦ ,-'.;¦..¦..;¦/.
Cordano and George B. Boltano. let on W line
of. Shotweir street. 65 N of Twenty-second. . N
24 by W 73:6; $10. i
¦ --.,.-. . . ... . • ¦ • . , . -.¦-¦'."¦:'¦ V ¦ ' . '
THE SAjS" FKAN CISCO CAX.L., .THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1903.
15
XTN1TED STATES BBANCHi
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Helvetia Swiss
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL. IN THE REPUBLIC OF
Switzerland, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1902. and for the year ending on that
day. as made- to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
ASSETS. .
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company $C2f\433 73
Cash in Company's Office \ 2,151 07
Cash In Banks *-. • 2,330 68
Interest due • and accrued . on all
Stocks and Louis , ".. 4,730 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
' tlon 8,148 13
Commissions on Return Premiums
and Reinsurance 869 16
Total Assets .JC41.CS0 79
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid .... $2.663 48
Losses In process of Adjustment or
. In Suspense 1.770 50
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 3,625 00
Gross premiums on Fire- Risks run-
ning one year or less $62,103 55; ¦
reinsurance 50 per cent :. 31,099 27
Gross premiums on Flr« Risks run- • ¦
. nlng more than one year. $30,-
106 43; reinsurance pro rata 15.132 52
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due . 1.543 76
All other liabilities 2.897 21
Total Liabilities $38,731 74
INCOME. -. '
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $70,229 70
Received for Interest and dividends*.
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
from all other sources 20,717 32,.
Received from all other sources.).. 28,0^9 12
: : Total Income .'. .$119,046 14
EXPENDITURES.—
Net amount paid for Fire Louses
(Including $27,101 30. losses ot m-
. vious years) $31,389 45
Paid or allowed for Commission or -
Brokerage ................ 31,904 61
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 2,750 00
Paid for State. National and Local
: : taxes i... fl.131 00
All other payments and expenditures 45.8S3 97
. Total Expenditures .$138.261 C3
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
i Written during the
-year... $7,615,265 $98,405 47
Net ' amount of - Risks
expired during ; the
year 34,816,544 440.667 34
Net' amount In force . . .
December 31/ 1902. 7.032.P42 92.304 98
BAML. R. WEED (of Weed A Kennedy), ,
"¦s - Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to. before me this 26th
day of January, 1903. 'F. FISHBECK. "
. Notary Public. .
SYZ/ & CO., JCeneral Agents,
308 CALIFORNIA STREET, v
_^______H__r i > _____ -. ¦ " .
STATEMENT
OF THE
COND-nON AND ATFAHtS
Rhine and Moselle
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF STRASSBURG. GERMANY. ON THE
31st day of December. A. T>. 1902. aad for
the year ending on that day. a» made to tha
Insurance- Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to tha provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condense-
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of. Capital Stock, paid up _. _^
In Cash $ 600.000 00
ASSETS. » -
Real Estate owned by Company. . . .$ 287.300 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 241.300 00
Cash Market Value of all Stock*
ard Bonds owned by Company... 689,125 25
Cash In Company's OfHce 6,843 43
Cash in Banks..- 149.182 03
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 11.C29 09
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages... 1,489 89
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion '. , 44.279" «8
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 82.329 63
Total Assets .$1.612. $49 33
I_ABII_TIES.
i Losses adjusted and unpaid I 19,830 77
! Losres In process of Adjustment or ...
in Suspense .* 19.883 ST
Losses resisted, including expenses. 252 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or lest-. $353,379 82;
reinsurance 50 per cent. _T7,889 !»l
; Gross premiums on Flr« Risks run- . -
nlnir more than one year.* $Wv-
253 2S: reinsurance pro rata 29,713 91
Caeh dividends remaining* unpaid.. 830 00
All other demands against tha cora-
' pany ?»-• .« 73,206 32
Total Liabilities .$ 421,208 28
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums .. .-.' ;...•.....$ 423.36353
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 9,628 38
i Received for Interest and dividends
¦ on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources.. 30.279 03
Received for Rents 13,013 19
Received for profit on sale ot Bonds 4,930 10
Received from all other sources.... . 18,164 <3
Total Income ...t 490.388 OS
EXPENDITURES. , ~~~
Net amount : paid for Fire Losses
(lricludlng $53,583(2. losses of
- previous year. $ 200.40804
Dividends 70.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
-Brokerage < . T9.643 73
Paid for salaries. Fees, and .other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 44,337 40
Paid for State. National, and Local ¦ » •
taxes ..; '• 15.T13 79
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1.051 73
Total Expenditures ""J______-_ !
Fln».
Losses Incurred tJurfn«; the year $ 186.780 7»
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
£_?"! . **"*'.. £! 1437.439.358 $589.«4 «
! Net amount of Risk*
yeSr^..*^.*? 254.2S8.82S 304.274 01
Net amount In f orcej
December 31. 1002 ¦¦ B36w522.262 gll.635 10
~~" F. SCHALLER, President.
A. FOIZAT. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before m« thla 4th
day of April. 1903.
JOSEPH I. BRITTArN, U. 8. Consul.
SYZ Su CO., General Agents,
308 CALIFORNIA STREET.
¦ - . ,'/' ¦¦¦¦-)..' _'..' ¦ -¦• ¦ • . -
, . St. Dominic's Church at ©:S0 o'clock Thurs--
day. ¦ Interment" private. : - . - •
EGAN— In thia city, - October 21. 1903. Lena |
Bernlce, . dearly beloved daughter of James
and Catherine Ejran, and . loving sister of
-James,. Ana 1«, Alice, -Agnes and Walter
Egan and Mrs. En Daly, tha late Ullie
Egan and Mrs. Mamie Cleary, a natlye of
San Francisco, aged 20 years and 8 months.
A member of Fremont. Parlor. N. D. G. ,W,
E-'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
FRENCH— In: Cdf ax. October 20. 1003. E^a
M., beloved wife of Will J. • French, daugh-
¦) ter of Thomas \V. and Lina Dean of Court-
f land, Cal.. and sister of Mrs. N. E. Bishop i
and W. H.. M. R. and Nelson E. Dean, a
native of Sacramento County, aged ' 31 years
and 26 days. ,
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
October 24. 1903, at 10:45 o'clock, from the
ferry, thence. to. Cyprers Lawn Cemetery by
electric car. where services will be held at
the . chapel.
HAAS— In 'this city, October 20, 1903, John,
beloved husband of Jennie Haas, father of
. .the late John G. and Margaret Haas, and
. son of Margaret and th: late Henry Haas,
a native of Dubuque, Iowa, aged 43 years 2
months and 2 days. (Dubuque papers please
copy.) . .
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence, 641 B Second etreet, under the aus-
pices of Court Acme No. 51. F. of A. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HUTCHINS— In this city. October 20. 1903.
Thomas B., beloved husband of the late Lll-
lie Hutchins, and father of Bessie and
Thoma* B. Hutchins, a native of Canada,
aged 58 years 2 months and 14 days.
CTFrierds and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral sen-Ices !
to-day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at his late j
residence. 170* Euclid avenue, Berkeley. In-
t:-rment Mountain View Cemetery.
KOSTER— In Oakland, October 20. 1903, John
H., beloved' husband of. Emma Koster, and
brother of Mrs. Geslne ven Salzen of Dlxon.
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 40 ytars
5 months and 3 days. A member of Califor-
nia Lodge No. 2, O. d. H. S., and Royal
Areh.-
(CyFriendH end acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 215 Thirteenth etreet, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
LUCE — In this city, October 21. 1903, Mary
E. Luce, beloved wife of John O. Luce, and
loving . mother of Mary Luce, a native of
Portland, Or. - •¦:-•-¦-• j
McLEAN— In this city, October 20, 10C3, Wil-
liam R. McLean, a native of Canada, aged
79 years.
RISVOLD— In this city. October 19, 1903,
Olene Risvold. beloved Eister of Mrs. Cap-
tain O. Momen, a native of Sovfie, Nor-
way, aged 25 years 6 months and 10 days.
ETFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend . the funeral to-day (Thursday), at
12:30 o'clock, from the residence of Mrs. O.
Monsen, 11S3A Alabama street, thence to
Our Savior's Scandinavian Evangelical Lu-
theran Church. Howard street, between
Twelfth and Thirteenth, where services will i
commence at 1 o'clock. Interment Mount j
Olivet Cemetery.
ROONEY— October 21. 1003. Mrs. Hannah, be-
-. loved wife of the late Thomas Rooney of
Watsonvllle. .
I_rThe funeral will take place at Watson- j
villa Friday. October 23. upon the arrival of j
train leaving this city at 9 o'clock. Inter- i
• nient at Waisonville, Cal.
SIMENE — In this city. October 21. 1903, Fred-
die H., beloved son of Ole and Addle Slmens,
and brother of Sarah Slmens, a native t of '
Oakland, . aged 1 year 2 months and 7 days. ;
SWAN— In Marysville, October 20, 1903, Henry j
Y., beloved husband of .Isabel Swan, and
son of Henry B. Swan of San Francisco, a
native of California, aged 30 years 2 months ,
and 1 day.
SWEENEY— In this city. October 20, 1903.
George F., beloved husband of Josephine
Sweeney, father of Hazel and Myrtle Swee-
ney, and brolher of John J. Sweeney, Mrs. !
A. Taylor and Mrs. G. F. Damon, a native ;
of San Francisco. . • I '
CyFriearls and acquaintances are respect- '¦
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 866 Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth, thence to |
Bt. Rose's Church, where a requiem high
ma*s will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
THIES — In San Leandro, October 20, 190-3.. H.
William, beloved husband of Johana Thle*. |
and brother of Caroline Flege and Frederick
Thtes, a native of Germany, aged 59 years
6 months and 11 days.
CFuneral Thursday, October 22, at 2
o'clock, from I. O. O. F. Hall. Interment
San Lorengo Cemetery.
TOBIN— In this city, October 21, 1903, John,
beloved husband of the late Margaret Tobin. i
and uncle of Mrs. P. Barren and 'John Coo- !
ney, a native of Ahenure, Callen, County
Kilkenny, Ireland.
(CTNotlce • of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707
Mission street.
VOYLE— In Berkeley, October 20. 1003. Char-
lotte Ana. beloved wife of Joseph Voyle, a ;
. native of Gibraltar, aced 75 years.
WARHAM — In Oakland. October 20. 1903. Mar-
garet A. Warham, beloved wife of Reginald
. W. Warham, daughter of Annie C. Deggins,
and sister of Mrs. W. Guy Mallanel, Mrs.
,< R. C. Pureell and Robert, Bennie and Wil-
liam Deggins, a native of Virginia City,
Nev., aeed 24 years. (Washington, D. C,
papers please copy.)
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
October 22, 1003, at 8:30 o'clock, from her
mother's residence. 1171 Third Btreet. thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose, of her soul at 0 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
WHEELER — In this city, October 20, 1903,
Jessie Gordon Wheele». beloved daughter of
the late Joseph and Jane Weed, mother of
Nellie E. Wheeler, and sister of Mrs. Lou-
isa Love and Samuel R. Weed of New York,
a native of San Francisco, aged 51 years 7
months and 11 days. -
IE?" Funeral services at 11:45 o'clock to-
day (Thursday), at the chapel of N. Gray &
Co., 353 Sutter . street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by' electric funeral car
leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
1 o'clock.
WILLIAMS— In this city, October 21, 1903,
Thomas A., beloved husband of Margaret
Williams, , and father of Wilford H. Wil-
liams, a native of England, aged 56 years.
E7Friend» and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Burnaby Lodge No. 194, Sons of St.
George, and Court Diana No. 1133, I. O. of
F., are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock,
from the parlors of. Halsted _ Co.. 946 Mls-
elon street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
- tery.
WINTON— In Haywards, October 21. 1903.
Craytor. Winton, beloved father of Frank C
Winton. Dr. H. N. Winton, Fanny B. Win-
ton and Mrs. L. M. Turner and the late
. Mrs. C. S. Long, a native of New York, aged
82 years 4 months and 7 days.
jCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Services
Friday, October 23, 1803, at 11 o'clock, at
his late residence. Interment Lone Tree
Cemetery. |
WOLCOTT— In this city, October 20, 1903, Asa,
husband of Agnes P. Wolcott, aad father of
Al R. Wolcott. Agnes T. Watts, Ella F.
Iken and Ermlnle J. Austin, a native of
Massachusetts.
" (Cyinterment private. No flowers.
CARD OF THANKS.
Wa^takc .. this means of extending our
thanks to our many friends who assisted us
In bearing up under our late bereavement
* In the loss of our dear son and brother.
MRS. ANN CUMMINGS and Family.
_• arosrcAX. nsTnraEyrs — con.
A STECK & GABLER upright, nearly new.
__ cheap; a enap. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegant _lg_
grade upright. 16 McAllister b-
Unrpdeemed etcrag* pianos and furnlRire dirt
cheap. Whitebead's Storage, 1636 Market st.
—EAUTXFUL 3-pedal £tein—-ay nprlirtit piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Kee_e-'s,2S5 O'Farrell.
EOHMER, Bj-mn Mauxy piano*. OcUian piano
flayer. .BYRON MAUZY. SOS-312 Post st.
Bt*Pnr.IOR violins, zithers, eld aad new. H,
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND -TOIIES TO LET.
6TOUE with large basement; below Kearny
«t. : rent $30- Arply 636 Clay st.. room 1.
P1ASOS AND ORGAN'S.
PART of our li« of bars— ns In second-hand
jianos for geptember. 1803:
Original
Price. Now.
1 FTEINWAT & SONS—
Rosewood case, large elre, 1 1-3
•octave, btautlful tone. In excel- .
lent condition $725 $373
• 1 A. H. CHAPE— -
t M&hofrany ca*e, largest else, full
• 'ewJiiglcp music rack, three pedals,
vc rv lHteft ctyle. cannot be told
t rora a new pi_no B50 400
•' 1 fTEIXWAY & SONS—
¦Walnut case, email sire. 7 1-3 oo-
taves. nearly new, b*?_ utlful tcne.
In line condition ;... C23 473
1 STEXNWAT & SONS^ —
. : .!. si:.y case, l&rge size latest .
. *tyie, 7 1-3 octaves, cannot be told
Jrom new 730 B25
1 A. B. CHASE GRAND—
Mahog— ny case. In perfect confll-
. tion. only used three months 800 675
1 JsTEIVWAY & SONS BABT
GRAND—
Eboniied cane. In use a very short
time and e<jual to hew 850 750
I • AJ»o a larpe number of square planoe
ranging in rriee from $25 ta $250, and chapel
an<i purler orpar.s from $20 to $150.
¦ Complete list furnished on application at
our etcre. SHERMAN. CLAY * CO..
Corner Kearny and Sutter gts. i
.__ FERSOXALS. _
ATTENTION, LADIES—
To see is to believe; go and see the exnibi-
'J'.rn at the Union I'rug Store, cor. O'Farrell
and Stockton ets.; a living model with the j
•wrinkles and bacglneFS removed from one
side of the face a y«>ar &po by M. ELLA j
HARRIS of >1 <:>T_-re:i st.
THE Star Ha'.r 7lemt£y restores gray hair, im-
prove* its BTOw;h.e;oi « faUlnif, cures CandruS
end itching Foalp- rio rtain or stickiness;
elear.i#s scalp ;at drugtris-U'. hairdressers' ; ac-
cent no puhftilutp. f :ar RemedrCo.,133S Polk.
" "W'RINKLKS IMUWrt; fine complexion guar-
anteed; new ir.fthod: shampooing, hair dried j
by tun. 5Cc- dandruff cured 3 da>6: vibratory
ttfttmen ta . for al! dlsea^s. C. HOFF. 710
Putter et.. near Taylor; tel. Larkin 4036.
THKRE ar» rther cereal coffees, but If you
wsp.t the best «ftk your grocer for Cof-f&rln;
' absolutely pure, palatable oxJ nourishing.
THE COF-FAB— N C<>.. 1"4 vllencla st.
CLAVIJ AfGUSTUS CURRIE. his wife or
children, or any one knowing- their where-
e bouts, jjlease ccmmurJcate with box 714-,
Call. ar.d learn something to their advantage.
BRAUN— Professor Martin, graduate masseur
of the Imperial University Hospital. Vienna.
Office 224 Kt_rr King blfig.. 121 Geary. TeU
" Exchange 216. _____
NOT how cheap but ho* good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Pt_ni1»ird. the sewinjr-machlne of to-day. J.
W. EVANS. Bgtnt. 1021 Market st.
..PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
. maner.tly morphine, «^>ca!ne habit. Call or
. ediress Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave^ j
corner Sutter et. : fee moderate. !
RAO oirpet* -wove to order end for eale; also
¦ fhcriile-wpve rugs. 6ilk portieres; dealer ~rn !
- «-arpet twine. In hank cr chain, Bt lowest
* rates. <ieo. Matthew e, 703 Fifth St.. Oakland.
.DANCING Tu?s4&y, Thursday 1 . Saturday. Eun- j
• <3*.y ev£?., Teutonia Hall. Howard Bt., nr. <
9th; Prof. Foster; society _Lnc!ng taught.
LTQTTOR hai!t cured. We guarantee to cure :
the Hc/jct hab'.t In 2 days or no charges. '
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Market, r. 202.
" Drunkenness, morphine e~<i -ii dreg dis-
tases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S.% Po'.k et. ; consultation free ;call or write.
REMOVAL — Dr. W. C. STRATTON has re-
. r_ oved his office from 2255 Mission et. to
rooms 573 and 574. Parrott fcidg (Emporium).
AT less than cost, iincal'ed for eult*. overcoats
and troupers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
Tailor. 721 ilarket rt. '<
¦ ELEGANT rvits on em&jr inotallisent*: CO cent«
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
• Alarfcet «*.. bet. -Seventh _nd K:g-h!h.
EDWARD PARRY of Melbourne, please com-
mumcate with WALTER O. SMITH, G.P.O.
ANDERSON — Eleps-Et theatrical and masqoer-
• ade costume* rented. 26 O'Farrell st.
EtTlTS to order on ln5_J!men*_. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. _erch.ta:lors,727-729 Market.
EUPETtFLfOUR hair _ moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs.Traverse.n70 Market.
THE best plac* to buy good tmbrtllas or
have them covered er repaired Is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE *u't $7 60: <5ress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MAPQTEKADE costumes. p»ar tjpeks, wigs. •
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 MJrt.
ALFRKDtTM'S E^-ptlan Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; f l; at all druggists'.
Euperfluou» hair and nr>les removed with elec-
ttic needle. Mrf. & Mise Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cer.te — The Weekly CalC
1« rsr*** In ¦wrarrr^r. for maillnc. $1 year.
PALWISTRY.
ilME. DKVAS — ScIertTflc palrr.lst and astrclo-
- #rVt. Palm readlnps 5L Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 5. arxl Tuesdtj- ereninis. 139 Port st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Teyior rt.. arar Omr. Phone Black 561.
rAPERnAXGIXG. PAIXTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS papred. $3 50 up: tinting, painting.
Ifartman Paint Co.. 319 .'•<! r t. ; tel. Main 413.
rUYSlCIAXS AND SinCEOSS.
DR. C. C ODONNELL — Office and residence.
H:21-(t Market st.. bet. Cth and 7th; partlcu-
lar attention cald to diyragea of women.
BLOOD. «_i« _ nd rectal <li»eai!«s a specialty.
- I'R. HALL. 1O73S, Market ¦_
REMOVED — DR. WOXG HIM. herb doctor.
tr*-ats all disease* of the human body; for
jjart four vear* et IIT.-117 Mason; now lo-
* rsxeA at CC7 Geary ft., near Leavenworth.
DR. TOXG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
TrI. herb doctor, cures all disea»e» of human
by use of herbs end teas. 727 Washington st.
WOXG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
«-at^-s cured by Ct-.lnew herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage _ VajTcoT^urnTtireT
hou» hold goods stored, moved, shipped. 72a-
721 Howard et.. nc_r Third ; phone Grant 1C1.
MERCE-RODOLPH Storage _ Moving Co.. of-
Bce Poet and Powell sis.; tel. Priv. Ex. 671.
OONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 233 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; S40
Mission ct.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furnfture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Ftlimore et.; phone Jackson 2SL
EEKIN'S Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
«t.; ft. Main 1>»40. Shlpplrg at cut rates.
mvEDKKn notices. "~
... .11
OFFICE ot the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company. San Francisco, Oct. 19. 1903 — At a
regular meeting of the.B oard of Directors of
this company, held this day. a dividend was
r declared. layable on and after Oct.- 21. 1S03
LOUIS WETNMANN. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVrjRTISEMEXTS.
IX the euj*nor Court of the City and County
of Saa Francisco, .State of California — Pro-
- bate. No. l_3-.<0. (Indprsed) Filed Oct. 13
3903. Albert U. Mahony. Clerk, by E. si
liawley. Deputy Clerk. In the matter of
the estate of PATRICK DUOAIf, deceased.
Notice lur publication of time appointed for
Probate of •»_„ c. C. P.. Sec. 1303. Notice
iKhertby given that TUESDAY, the 27th day
if October. A. D. 1903. at 10 o'clock a. _». of
that day, and the courtroom of Department
No. 9 of said court, at the City Hall. In the
£iMt« n< ? co i m y ot San Francisco. SUte of
™i %?'l'< ave bcen a PPoInted as the time
.ii -««n .^ il>> l!ec * Mrt ' -°1 tor hearing
the application of NELLIE A. LASSELL
•for the issuance to her of letters of adminls-
¦ *Trc™T nt n tJl S,Tl ! U antlel * <1 thereon [S_UJ
ALnl.HT B. MAHONY Clerk. Bt T" rt
PetUloner^' *' D " ****** Attorner lor
th?SS-JSr l 5i&;
oeaeed. to the credlton. of. and all personrhavt
Ing claims affalnrt the Mid deoired. to ex-
hibit thpro, with the necweary vouchers, with-
in ten <10) months after the first publication of
this ooUe*. to the s&ia executor, et Its place
Of. buelm**. No. 464 California.. street, fnthl
city «nd county of San Francisco, State of Cal-
ifornia*
MERCANTILE TRfST COMPANY OF SAN
Tt^al.) FRANCISCO, by FREDERICK W
ZEILE. President. Executor of the Will of
• ALICE SKAE. Deceased. .
X>ate4 at 6an Francisco, October 22d, 1802.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. "_ "
638 MARKET ST.
Tuesday .Y... October 27, 1903
At our salesroom. C33 Market St.
At 12 o'clock noon.
O'FARRELL-STREET FLATS.
Three handsome new flats. 1123-25-27 O Far-
rell St., west of Franklin; absolutely new, moa-
ern in ever>' respect; a revelation as to archi-
tecture; stealilv rented for $1GO per month.
PINE-STREET RESIDENCE.
North line of Pine st.. 129:6 feet west of
Pierce; No. 2514; extremely large lot, 42:4%-
137:6 feet: Improvements consist of a handsome
10-room residence; finished attic and high base-
ment, brick foundation; plumbing in strictly
first-class condition: rooms spacious and «i nn >':
beautiful grounds, driveway, etc.. and a niod-
«*rn hard finished ttable In the rear of the lot;
this residence could easily be changed into flats
or enlarged for a sanitarium.
FULTON-STREET FLATS.
South line of Fulton st., 111:6 feet west of
Buchanan; Nos. 730-31-33 Fulton st. and
through to Birch ave.; C magnificent new flats,
9 months old, renting for $130 per month;
mortgage of $10,000 can remain at 5\ per cent
and be paid off on eaey terms.
WEBSTER-STREET FLATS.
West line of Webeter St., 120 feet south of
Fulton: Nos. 711-713; extremely large lot. 33x
82:6 feet; 2 modern flats of 6-7 rooms and bath,
each, hirh finished basement; rents $67 60 per
month: concrete sidewalk, brick foundation,
street bltuir-lnlzed.
WKITXEY-ST. IXVESTMENT AND
BUILDING LOTS
West line of Whitney et.. bet. Randall and
SOth; Nos. 70-72; improvement* consist of two
Fubstanti— lly built flats; always rented for $24
per month: 4 r. and b. each; also 3 large build-
ing lots adjacent; this property will bear In- |
Fpectlon.
SHIPLEY-STREET INVESTMENT.
South line of Shipley st., east <£ 6th; No. 275;
improvements consist of 4 very fine flats of 4-5-
6 rooms and a deeirable stable; rents $45 per
month and could be Increased.
O'FARRELUETKEET BUILDING LOTS.
South line of O'Farrell et.. 60 feet west of ;
Fillmore; 2 magnificently situated building lots,
I 25x137:6 feet each; these lots are" located In the
best portion of the Western Addition.
JONES-STREET INVESTMENT.
East line of Jones st., 47 feet north of Jack-
son; Nos. 15Ct5-08-10; extra elze lot, 47x78:6
feet: Improvements 2 modern flats of 5-6 r. and
on elegant 10-room house; present Income $810
per annum.
BUENA VISTA AVE. BUILDING LOTS.
Southerly line of Buena Vista ave., between
Congress and Evenrreen »ts. ; 3 large sized
building lots, commanding a magnificent view;
take Ha'sht-tt. car, transfer to Masonic avo.
VNIOX-ETREET RESIDENCE.
South line of Union St., west of Taylor; No.
027; lot 27:6x127:6 feet; Improvements beautl-.
ful 2-story residence, 10 rooms and bath; new
plumbing, patent flush toilets, brick foundation,
patent concrete sidewalks; this property com-
mands » fine marine view.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOTS.
j Estt line of 44th ave.. 40 feet south of B
Ft.; two lots. 50x120 feet; this property Is ex-
ceptionally well situated and affords an ex-
cellent opportunity for an Investment.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
WASHINGTON BT.. 27:6x127:8.
VERY FINE MARINE VIEW.
Very good two-story house, with finished at-
tic: has S large rooms and large bathroom.
Furnace and electric lights.
High brick foundation; plastered basement.
Concrete retaining wall In front of lot.
Etreet b'.tumlnized and artificial Btone side-
walk.
NEIGHBORHOOD FIRST-CLASS.
Price Reduced from $7000 to $6500.
THOMAS MAGEE _ SONS, "
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
_¦ NO. 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHEAP HOMES AND SNAPS.
$2400 — Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x100;
Precita ave.: cars pass the door: $500 cash.
$1300 — Cottage. 4 rooms; lot 25xSO; Folsom st.;
half block from cars; etreet work all done.
$3300 — $500 cash; 2-Btory, 7 rooms; modern; lot
20x125; fine neighborhood; between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth sts.. Fair Oaks.
$1100— Lot 25x125; Fair Oaks st., bet. Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth;- sunny' side; fine
neighborhood; lots In same block held at
$2<XK); $5tK> cash, balance- long time.
Also *
A number of lots on Bernal Heights very
cheap; fine locations.
J. F. PLUMBB. i402 Valencia st.
FOR sale — Three lots. Mission district. Twen-
ty-seventh st. and San Jose ave.; $1100 and
$1200: this Is a bargain: will sell one or all;
no scents. Address W. H. ROUSSEL, 19
California et.
$700 EACH — 2 lots. Mission st. $250— New cot-
tage, 6r.b. ; Preclta ave.; bal. terma. $500 —
New fiats, 4-6 r. b. ; bal. easy terms; 29th and
Mission. $l»0— Cottage, 4 r. b.; 135 Nevada
ave; bal terms. D. Coffin _ Co.. 3303 Mission.
MODERN cottage; 4 rooms; $1550: terms same
„ aa.. t_ vise. rr>::t. Apply owner, lumber yard,
SB. cor. Alabama and Montcalm eta.
$16,250, REDUCED from $17,000; cottage and
6 flats; flue location; lot 75x122:6; rent
$1632: good Investment. 1016 Shotwell st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
j full cost ImproT. and -part lot at 6 per cent.
\ MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$3C0O— 2 FLATS; rents $35; good investment.
Apply 3009 22d et.
FOR sale — Fine 2-story residence, S large
rooms, equ_ 1 to 6. | S818 22d St., nr. Castro.
FINE income flats on Fulton, near City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton st.. owner.
! CHF.APEST and fceet In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address In the
United Stat<>» or Canada on? year for $1.
REAL. ESTATE— Conntry— For Sale.
$5000—10 acres rich soil, warm belt adjoining
Fan Jose; in prunes, apricots and peachct>.
all bearing; . near electric cars; windmill,
tank, drying plant, frulthouse, trays, hard
finished bouse, barn, poultry, etc.; exchange
for house hnd lot or sell half caeh. '
PETERSEN REALTY CO.,
Tel. Mint 756. 1035 Market st
ATTENTION! Choice homes In sunny Santa
Clara Valley; orchards In bearing, 10 to 500
acres; eome can be exchanged Tor city busi-
ness or realty; we have real bargains and
will show thpm to you; please call.
_PETERSEN REALTY CO.. 1035 Market et.
$10 A MONTH buys a ten-acre farm twelve
mile? from Sacramento; write for booklet"
Its free. WEIGHT & KIMBROUGH, $03
3 Ft.. Sacramento. California. !
IF you want a stock r_nch. dairy or coloniza-
tion tract, write CHAS. W. COE & CO., 43
West Santa et.. San Jose, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
i-inpyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues eent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO 648
Market st.
FOR poultry _nd dairy ranches yielding a good
profit. HAMILTON & KENDRlCK.Petaluma.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
¦Call. 16 pages, eent to any address In the
TJnltod State* or Canada one year for«>l.
JPOINT R1CHMOXD REAL JSTATB.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
JttEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
WANTED — To exchange 5 per cent guaran-
teed 10-year bonds for income property or
vacant lots In good locality. Address J. H.,
3358 Twr-nty-second St.. CTty.»
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL. ESTATE.
FOR SALE AT A BARGAIN. ~ "~~
NORTH END BUSINESS BLOCK.
BEST BUSINESS CORNER AT NORTH
BERKELEY STATION; NORTHEAST COR-
NER OF VINE AND SHATTUCK AVENUES;
»0 FEET FRONTAGE ON VINE STREET. 75
FEET FRONTAGE ON SHATTUCK AVE-
NUE. LARGE TWO-STORY FRAME BUILD-
ING WITH 5 STORES ON GROUND FLOOR*
36 LARGE ROOMS ON SECOND FLOOR-
ALL RENTED AT PRESENT; PAYING fl
PER CENT ON THE ASKING PRICE; CAN
BE MADE WITH LITTLE OUTLAY TO
BRING A RENTAL OF 12 PER CENT
CHENEY & BERRY,
¦ : Berkeley— Pcstotflce Block.
$2250 — 6-ROOM bouse; lot 60x120; street, work
done; 1 block from College ave. /
$650— Lot 50x135; Addlson st., near Santa Fe
line. gffigB*i
CHENEY & BERRY'S SPECIALS.
$7500 — COO feet on Cla remont ave. ; will sell
this as a whole or In lots of 100 feet frontage.
$33."i0 — 6-room house, new; near car' line;
street work done; easy terms.
10 lots near Grove et.; $400 to (500; install-
ments.
CO* feet on water front and railroad. West
Berkeley, for sale; just the place for a factory.
CHENEY & BERRY.
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
BARGAINS IN LOTS—. . ~~ .'
$4(K) — 4Oxl3Sj Walnut, north of Berryman st.
$4300— 00x135; Ehattuck ave.. north of Berry-
man et. • • -
$500 — 100x148; corner Sacramento and Hop-
kins ats.
$450—40x130; Carlton St.. . near Grove.
$900—15x120; Walnut St.. south of Rose. '
$K»00 — 50x100; corner, Virginia st.
$1100 — i7_B0; corner. Grove st.
$1250—60x120; Walnut «_. north of .Vine.
E. E. NEWTON, 2131 Center, st.
J. J. MASON. - ¦- .:.. ... .'¦ . "¦.•¦¦.... -
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
EC cor. Ehattuck ave. and Center St. *
Berkeley. CaL
SPECIAI/ NOTICES. v "
Ladles! Chlchesler's English Pennyroyal Pills
I are best; safe, reliable; talcs no other. Bend 4c
..stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
:'Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadelphia. Pa.
MOTHERS— Dt ink < Cof-farin regularly and
your nerves and digestion will be all right;
give it to the children and the old man,, and
half your troubles will, cease. '
'•_•..'. 8^ E 5:l A i__ T .*!r. ' -__._"
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME cewlng machine; this week only;
$10. $15, $20; sllgntly used; needles 20c do*.
NEW HOME S.. M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
___________________
BARN to let with 16 stalls and wagon room.
74 Pore st.. bet. Oth and 10th. oft Folsom.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cure
In every ca»;; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures ;home cure.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yeeterday:
Byron Thomas, 34, city, and Alice Clough,
24. Sausallto. ~
Chace J. Lippi, 24, 3863 Twemty-thlrd street,
and Rose Wise, 16, 228 Liberty .street. .
Peder Martsen, 21, Llvermcre, and Catharine ;
Kuck, 18, Haywards.
James M. Flack, 2«>, city, and Mary E. At-
kinson, 22, city.
John H. Zabriskie. 21, 1257 Vallejo street,
and Alice Seater, IS. 852 North Point avenue.
William Connpll. 28, San Jose, and Mary A.
Connelly, 21. 1352 Scott street. '
August Plutte, 26, Valona, and'Trihna' Bu-
beer, 27. city.
Joseph Broder, 25. Pinole, and Lillian A.
Morgan, 24, city. ' .
Louia H. Benas, 21, 2729 Laguna street, and
Alice M. Mann. IS, 1019 Geary street. *
Joseph Nicholas, 29, 1600% Powell street.
and Coatancia Agilar. 28, 160OV6 Powell street.
Francis T. O'Brien, 27, city, and Anita A.
Lien, 22, city.
Otto E. Hasenpusch, 23, 26% Lengton street,
and Leontlne Straub, 21, 26*4 Langton street.
John B. MurDhy, 21, city, and Virginia R.
Nokes. IS,' city. • •
Wilber J. Larkln. 24, Salinas, and Julia T.
Cavanaugh, 22, 405 Tenth street.
Mario Soniva. 37. 1 Edith place, and Medlca
Fina. 35. 1 Edith p'ace..* ¦ v
John J. Riordan, 30, city, and Hannah J.
Ryan, 26, city. ¦ . •
Emery W. Elliot, 24, city, and Alice A.
Belau, 21, 2217 Sacramento street.
Ross S. Faxon, 32. Chattanooga, Tenn., and
Anhle Montgomery. 22. city. ¦ . ¦ . ¦- ' -
BIRTHS— MARBIAQES— DEATHS. .
______
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either. of the. publication offices and be
Indorsed with' the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame published.
/ BO-tN.
PETERSEN— IR this city, October 0. 1903, to
the wife. of N. D. Petersen, a son.^
TUNSTEAD — In Portola. October 14. 1903. to
the wife of Thomas D. Tunetead. a daughter.
"~~~, MARRIED. V
HORN— HOLDORF— In this city. October 21,
1903, by the Rev. Paul Branke, Charles
. Horn of Monterey and Anna Holdorf of San
Francisco. \
LIPPI— WISE— In this city, October 21, 1903,
by the Rev. Paul Branke, Chace Lippi and
Rose Wise, both of San Francisco.
______ _______
Barclay, Peter T. Koster. John H.
Blederman, C. A. Luce, Mary E. '
Bird, Mary . McLean. William R.
Bloomer. Maggie Risvold, Olene
Booth. Mary J. Rooney, Mrs. H.
Brcrrrn, James Slrnens, Freddie H.
Buckley, Florence G. Swan, Henry, 1 S\
Caraclanls, Ellas Sweeney, George F.
Chichizola. Louise Thies, H. William
Clapp, Francis W. Tobln, John ¦
Coho.ii, Kimon Voyle, Charlotte A.
r):lan, Mary A. Warham, Margaret
l)t"k-"i JoreDh L. Wheeler. Jessie G.
r.ran. L'iw B. Williams. Thos. A.
French; Eva M. Winton, Crayton
Unas. John Wolcott, Asa
Hutchini», Thos. B.
BAKCI-.W-In this city, October 21, 1903,
Petti 7'».u__ Barclay, father of Mabel E.
B&rrla>. l.roth'er of Katie, Charles and
Forbes Uarclay and Mr«. Hattle Pratt, a
j native of Fort Vancouver,: aged 56 years 6
months and 14* days. '.:•¦.: _ -
BIEDER1IAN — In Monterey, i Mexico, October
13, 1803, of yellow fever, C. A. Biederman,
son of Mrs.- E. Blederman, and brother of
Frank A. and Robert A. Blederman, a na-
tive of. San Francisco, aged 36 years 7
..months and 13 days.
BIRD — In this city. October 20. 1903, Mary,
dearly beloved wife of the lato Thomas
Bird, mother of Mrs. Mary Gosland, Thomas
Bird, Mrs. W. H. Murphy. Mrs. W. H. Mal-
com and the late James Bird and Catherine
Murphy, and eister of Annie Taylor, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 75 years.
(?^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
¦.Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4U3 Fell street, thence - to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her eoul.
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BLOOMER — In this city, October 20, 1003,
Maggie Bloomer, dearly beloved wife of
Theodore Bloomer, daughter of Mary and
the late Dennis O'Day, and sister of Mrs.
George Pierce and Alice. Dennis Jr., Wil-
liam, Joseph and the late Nellie O'Day, a
native of San Francisco, aced 24 years and
.11 months.
(ETFrieods and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of Gantner Bros.,' 1209 Mission street, be-
tween Eighth and 'Ninth, thence to St.
Patrick's ¦ Church; Mission street, between
Third and Fourth, for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BOOTH— In this city, October 20. 1903, Mary
Ja-ne Booth, daughter of toe late Mr. and
Mrs. Adam Booth, and sister of Mrs. E. M.
/' Solley, a . native of San Francisco, aited 4S
year* 8 months and 10 days. ¦ •
tCTFuneral services will be held at 1037
Post street Thursday, October 22, at 2
o'clock. Interment -private. Please omit
flowers.
BROWN— In this city, October 19, 1903, James
Brown, a native of Maine, aged 40 years.
6—** [''Heads and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday
at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Funeral under tne auspices of Paintera'
Union, Local No. 19. (Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery. ,
BUCKLEY — In this city, October 21, ' 1903,.
¦.Florence G., second daughter of Mre. M. L.'
and the I late Edward P. Buckley, born . in
• San Francisco. - "
EyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
CARACLANIS — In this city, October 20, 1903,
Ellas Caraclanls, a native of Greece, aged
21" . years.
CHICHIZOLA— In Indian Gulch. Mariposa
County, Cal.; October 19, 1903, Louise | E.;
dearly beloved wife of Thomas J. Chlchteola,
mother of Irene Chichizola, beloved daughter
of " Mary, and the late Joseph Cubed, and
sister of Frank. David, Rose, • Emlllo, Clar-
ence, Regina, May and Irene Cuneo and Mrs.
A. P. Giannini, a native of Volcano, Amador
County. Cal. <Amador papers please copy.)
tC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited - to attend a solemn requiem
high mass to-day (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock,
at Sts. Peter and Paul's Church, comer F1K
bert and Dupont streets, for th» repose of her
soul, interment strictly private.
CLAPP— In this city, October 20. 1003, at hU
residence, ¦ 447 Fair Oaks street, Francis W.,
.-¦ husband of Josephine M. . Clapp, and' father
of Frank E. and Fred W. Clapp and Mrs.
• R.. S; I Cleaveland, a native of Qulncy, Mass.,
4 aged 59 years. » - ' ¦ ' u
• CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-/
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-daf
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors ' of Bunker & Lunt. 2C66 Mission
street, between: Twenty-second and Twenty-
third streets. Mission Masonic Temple. In-
terment ; Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
COHEN— In thi3 city, October 21. 1903, Simon,
beloved husband of Esther Cohen, and father
of ( Harry - Cohen ', of . New York and Henry,
Ike, Joe. I Herman \ and Carrie Cohen, j a na-
tive of J Poland.", aged . 53 years. ¦ -
.<• cyFriendsand acquaintances -are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Friday), « at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
,dence,, 123 Russ street, between Howard and
FolBom, ¦¦¦:• and *; thence by carriages • to New
Balem Cemetery.: for Interment. Please omit
•' flowers.. " .-.'.-' ' -¦"'¦'- - '¦ -. ¦
DOLAN— In this city, October 20, 1903. .' Mary
- Ann, beloved ' wife ¦ of • M. ¦' J. Dolan, mother
of Alpyslus, Irene, Edna; Michael, Gertrude,
i Raymond and Bridget Dolan, ; daughter of
Jeremiah O'Connor. -sister, of Lulu,- Maggie,
- Nellie '• and ' Walter ; O'Connor, and niece of
Mrs.- Dave Man*, a native of 8an Francisco,
• agiyl 33 years 4 months and 17 days. : -.
> CT Friends 'fend acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to * attend the funeral ; to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
' of H. - F." Suhr & Co.v 1 137 ' Mission street.
;. thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment i Holy . Cross. Cemetery.
DRAKE— At jhls home, 1 October 21, 1903, , Jo-
. eeph L.t Drake.* brother of J. R., Mary and
Elizabeth . Drake, and nephew of . Mary F.
, Kerwln.-/. ." •: ,'• . ¦ •. ' ' ¦¦',..'¦--¦-¦ /;.;•¦;
- E7Fricnds are Invited to attend mass at
F. J.Monahan,' President. . . \
MONAHAN & CO.,
'¦ ¦ ' r ""-- : " '. '..- T - (Inc.) '-¦¦ ... '--: ."-¦ V.': '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND ; EMB ALMERS.
¦ 2339-2341 Mission st.*: Telephone Mission 81.'
F.J.v Monahan, '. President.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. '
AT AUCTION. '
AT AUCTION. • '•¦ ,
:':• AT AUCTION. i
AT AUCTION. • " ,
BATURDAT. OCTOBER 24, 1903.
On the Premises
The Relchlins* Houses,
• . At - - i
Northwest corner _lnden and Eighth sts., Oak-
land's prettiest residence section.
8 Beautiful Homes.
-In ¦'.; . •
8 Larg-e Single Subdivisions. ';
With 9. 10, 11 and 12 rooms and bath; origi-
nal cost $5000 to $11,500 each to construct.
LARGE SUNNY LOTS.
Large sunny lots with 49 ft., 50 ft., 69 ft.
and 70 ft. frontage by a depth of 100 to 105 ft.
(Note size and depth.)
Beautifully terraced, above grade of street,
•with, the most artistic stone coping .uniformly
arranged around the • entire frontage, with
palms and full-grown shrubberies, throughout
each garden. For years this half block of resi-
dence homes has been the pride of the city and
the personal care of the owner, as one of the
finest kept properties In Oakland or San Fran-
cisco.
, Artistic and substantial, similar ' to the
grounds of Golden Gate Park and the Schil-
lings. Oakland's water park.
RENTALS AB AN INVESTMENT. »
As an Investment property " has retained
steady tenants. Some of them have occupied
eame almost since their construction.
Present rentals are $30, $46 and $65 each.
HOME LOCATION-—
Fronting on the only bitumlnlxed residence
street In Oakland; opposite and adjoining fine
block of modern residences worth from $8500 to
$25,000; In the same block are the Havens' and
Georg-e W. McNear's beautiful ho.mes; 3 blocks
of Market or Adeline station; short walk to
Broadway business center; walking distance to
high school and finest primary, grammar and
private schools In the city, without necessitat-
ing children to cross streetcar lines.
One of the choicest, close in, convenient,
strictly home neighborhoods In Oakland.
AN OPPORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED.
THE PROPERTY MUST . BE .SOLD.
SEVERAL INTERESTS MUST BE CLOSED.
OWNERS ANXIOUS TO SELL.
MINOR'S INTEREST.
BUBJECT TO CONFIRMATION OP COURT.
NOTE THE. TERMS,
One-third cash, balance on mortgage In one
and two yea™.
To nee premises, get permit at office.
8ale Saturday. October 24, 1003, . •
1:30 p. m., on the grounds.
Write or call for catalogue showing photo-
fraph of premises and giving* full particulars.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
Auctioneers,
460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland, Cal.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
CHEAP LOTS. CHEAP LOTS.
*$5 cash. $2 50 monthly; fine, level lots; soil
and location superb; price $75.
$10 cash. $5 monthly; level lots Jn new set-
tlement: soil and location the best; 50x145;
price $1CO.
$25 cash. f7 BO monthly; extra line lots, 100
-122:6; 75 homes Just gene up; has & great
future; sea them; price $300; will build you a
home.
Near two electric lines, school, church, wide
boulevard and adjoining East Oakland: sec-
tion building up with good, substantial peo-
ple; call or send for circular. 455 Seventh st.,
Oakland, opposite Broadway^ station; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
WEST st.. 840; seven apartments; Income $79
per month; modern improvements; windmill
and tank; $7000. - Inquire 607 Grove Bt.,
Oakland.
Modern house, 9 rms.; stable; Mason & Hamlln
organ. Before 15 m.. 422 Orange st.. Oakland.
O AKI^Vl^FIJRX^Un^! FOR^ S A LE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th 8t..cor.Btore.Oakind.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
Al-?T__Rlir'4il5~Turk%t!^^
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hskpjc.
MARKET. 1609%. opp. Van Ness ave.— 2 or 3
unfurnished rooms; $15 or $18.
MCALLISTER. 538— Nicely furnished, sunny
suite; sink, gas range, hot bath, laundry;
adults; $10.
MODEL HOUSE, 1206 Stockton st.— Newly
furnished rooms, $5-$12; bath, gas, phope.
PIERCE. 015, near McAllister — Two neatly'
furniehed rooms suitable housekeeping; use
of parlor, bath; phone; private family.
TWENTY-SECOND, 3218, cor. Mission— House-
keeping rooms and single rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and nubscrSptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
Ho-Reki»|-; Hoomn — A part in* t II onsen.
EL MONTEREY, the city's newest apartment
hotel, located on the nort\ side of Pine st..
between Hyde and leavenworth; a superb
brick .building of Spanish architecture; all
the comforts of housekeeping combined with
the conveniences of hotel life; prices very
reasonable. . „
THE Frederick, 901 Etanyan, bpo. Park — Furn.
apartments: prl. bath; steam heater; Janitor.
I nooMS TO LET ~~ Fnr ~- nnd Pnforn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25- to $5«per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth Et.) — Rooms, 25c, 50c, $1, $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT, 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlnhed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1412A— Nicely furnished front rooms
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly :
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FELL, 318 — Large sunny furnished front room; i
large closet; deutrable. j
FOLSOM, 834 — Small sunny front room with
closet and bath; $1 25 per week.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
JESSIE, 3C3. east U. S. Mint — Furnished rooms,
$5 and $0 per month. . . ¦/
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James fiat— Sun-
ny single room.
LOCUST ave., 123, near Van Ness — Neatly, fur-
nlshed front room for 1 or 2; $7.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35o to $1 60; week, $2
to (8; month, (8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
TAYLOR, 615B^ — Nice single room. $6; also
larger room. $10; no car fare.
THE GILLESPIE, 119 Ninth— Furnished rms..
$1 60 to $2 50 week; translenV50c-75c night.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049A Market St.: furnished
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy st.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 85c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator: electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.'
VALENCIA, 1126 — New, sunny furnished rooms
with light housekeeping privileges.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome «unny furnished
suites and rlngle rooms, all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to. $1 50 nlKlit; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I . received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been t established at 1098
Valencia st. ¦ - i ¦ '
ROOMS AND BOARD,- -~;
THE Hotel Martinette, cor." Van Ness • and
Geary st., has changed hands and will ¦ be
conducted hereafter * as a first-class family
hotel.. ' - :¦¦ _' ¦ ' ¦'¦¦ ¦..'• .¦¦••¦¦ V
STEVENSON Mansion, 807 California st. — At-
tractive and sightly: rooms;, best table and
service; lowest Vates. '- . ' '
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Private boarding-hou&o,
homelike; everything- first " class;- sunny
suites; single rooms; choice locality; ref. ¦
PINE 2040 — Very desirable ; sunny room with
board;, private family; phone Baker 3571.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pagM. In wrapper, for mailing. >1 per year.
. sciisvriFic opticiaks. .; ;
DURING the Q. A. ;R. encampment Dr. Clise,
1023 Market «_. bet. . eth-7th, fitted glasses to
Gen. Miles; you want the best as well as he.
TYPEWRITERS AX D SUPPLIES. -
GREAT. BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
eell better machines for less money, than - any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 268.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each;: get par-
• ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
:' gomeryst.:; ',-.:¦: ¦ a-J' " >¦'¦'¦
2D-HAND :; typewriters "Isold,; rented,', repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspect Co.,*, 508 ' Market.
INTERESTED.I
1 1 ONE OF BRYSON'S BALLET GIRLS I I
1 REHEARSING. |
• H ' — «- _ _^_— —————— —gs———— ————— ————— ————— ————— -—J - ¦ 9
| FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL, I
__) h£_^_ _H___B___ B__P^_i'tf^ Sffi _J5iK_w_r^_r^8ffferi'. -" " . ¦ ¦ *** ' x ' " * t, . ¦¦ • • fo y^_j^_P>py ffif r $i ¦ B
HBfPfe J ° " '"' ' ** : ; "* il ""-*' : ' " *) : ' 1 -'' 11 ¦-'""¦ 9" : ' -'" T^J '¦¦¦¦¦ ¦' v >'¦¦"¦¦¦-¦ ' ~"- _*^*_-f- j—t*** __H_jgBl— _B__ff Jai'ii—Jfr— "Bm3 m ¦ _ ¦ __-^? w
_fc ¦*"3^Sfi^E^**T* 5? '* SjVj^ 1^"-'?'*-* 1 ** £ "¦¦¦' viy^*-^^ ¦•¦* ¦-* -iV^' - jrtir^^yt^^B^^i>F' wn^Jf'Jfcryot : '• ~ jf -\- j, '¦ ''^S^_9^_sa__^_S_____S___ SL 1 "^P
a-. f. ; +*, ' , "1 ¦J* T *-^ , ' i \ + » N , """jPlff— _ _*^_ _* _.^' "*^a__f?*^ *^ ' * v" J^m m ElVr**T H I $SoESm "5S __
-jSi ""-¦¦-¦-'¦¦--¦¦¦" *¦¦¦*¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ .¦¦...¦ .-. ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ - *J^, r 1 ¦ j^ ¦¦¦¦ v.« ¦'¦¦. ."¦ .V t. ¦¦ ¦*¦ \-T%. *' ¦ ¦ *¦ '¦ . ¦ f ¦.¦... 5>i m ¦ & , g .,¦? fy. -_ . ¦: < f > '.^u^ jp I V^nJ ¦•3
i ''¦/'¦' '¦¦ ' v t
S INTERESTED. •
® ¦ w
2 ALL NEWSDEALERS AND TRAIN NEWS AGENTS SELL •
h THE SUNDAY CALL •Harbor Commissioners Meet.
,The State Board of Harbor Commissioners
met yesterday afternoon and .' transacted such
routine business aa had ' accumulated : since
the last meeting. Commissioner - Klrkpatrlck
was absent. • • ¦ ¦- -"• ¦/-¦'- ¦ ¦ . ¦
' J. J. Murphy has . be«n promoted • to j third
officer on the army transport Sheridan and D.
Maloney has been transferred from ; the Bu
ford to take the position of fourth officer on
the Sheridan. J. Dow has been .transferred
from the Crook to the Meade aa shipkeeper
in place of Captain George Ankers. . who has
been placed > In command of the Dlx." J.
Crockett leaves the Sheridan to be shipkeeper
on the Crook. The Sheridan, which sails No
vember 1. will call at Guam, but pot, at Hon
olulu. She will carry a large number of pas
sengers Including a small • regiment • of army
brides. ' '. • ¦" ¦ ';•
Army Transport Changes.
Ein&ers & public speakers find Pleo's Cure for
Consumption an effectual cure for hoarseness. •
Claims No Bell Was Bung.
S. Popper sued the United Railroads
yesterday for $50,000 for injuries received
on September 6 last by being knocked
down by a car near the Chutes. He says
that as he was standing waiting for a
car it came along at top speed, without
a warning bell ringing, and struck him,
knocking him a distance of several feet
and seriously hurting him.
."Things are wrong:," remarked Uhe ob
server of events and things, "when a
reputable physician has to pay money for
a certificate, to practice, and a 14-year-old
girl with a new piano doesn't"— Yonkers
Statesman.
Wedding cake boxes, wedding stationery. Ed.
ward ' 8. Kaowlea, 24 Second . at. ; Mala 038. ' •
H. II. Nuckolls, who claims that In
July of last year he was engaged as a
demonstrator of operative dentistry at the
College of Physicians and Surgeons, sued
the college yesterday for $450, nine
months' salary. He claims that though
he was engaged for a year he was un
justly discharged after three months' ser
vice. His suit is for the money he would
have earned had he been retained.
Dentist Sues Medical College.
The United States cruiser Boston sailed yes
terday for Acapulco under hurry-up orders.
The rest of the squadron leaves to-day for
that port and the orders for the Boston's de
parture wera all unexpected. The cruise is
for oractlce. however, and the Boston's rush
south is part of the game. The orders found
everything ready on the war vessel : and at
noon yesterday she hoisted her anchor. : She
is expected to average fifteen knots throughout
the long run. The Marblehead, Admiral Glass
on board; the monitor Wyoming and the Con
cord will leave to-day and will also make
as much haste aa possible to the southern
rendezvous. The squadron will return leis
urely, gettinr back about the middle of De
cember. . .;-¦:"
Boston Leads the "Way.
Without seeing the Diamond Palace
would be like visiting Europe without see
ing Paris. It is a leading feature of San
Francisco and is conceded to be the most
beautiful Jewelry store in the world. Vis
itors or purchasers are equally welcome.
221 Montgomery, bet. Bush and Pine. •
A Visit to San Francisco
In the inquest upon the body of George
Tewksbury, a car repairer,' who died in
Bt. Luke's Hospital October 17, the Jury
rendered a verdict yesterday to the effect
that death was "caused by being thrown
against a building by the tongue of a
double wagon which got beyond control
of the men who were removing said
wagon from the car tracks, not sufficient
evidence being introduced to Indicate any
responsibility In the matter."
Tewksbury's Death Accidental.
Carpenters and poker players are known
by their chips.
Got a five years' contract to print the Mari
time World. MyseJl-Kollins. 22 Clay, printers. •
Petitions in insolvency were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday
as follows: John Williams, laborer. San
Francisco, liabilities $231. no assets; Simon
Harris, salesman, San Francisco, liabili
ties $10,210, no assets.
Petitions in. Insolvency
The discovery was made near the old
ranchhouse of Colonel Robert J. Northam
of Los Angeles, who formerly owned the
property. The mystery will probably
never be solved, as no one on the prem
ises at the present time knows anything
about it, and from the state of preserva
tion of the bones death may have occur
red any time in the last twenty years.
SANTA ANA, Oct. 21.— A laborer on
the Lomita Gun Club property, aoout fif
teen miles west of this city, found a
partly decomposed skeleton snugly packed
in an old cracker box about two feet
long and cne foot deep. It is supposed
that the bones are those of a man. The
skull has a hole on the left side in the
rear as if made by a bullet and a frac
ture of tho skull bones on the opposite
side of the head would tend to show that
death was violent.
Grewsome Discovery Is Made on the
Preserves of the Gun Club Near
Santa Ana.
IiABOBEB TJNEABTHS BOX
FILLED WITH HUMAN BONES
"The first time I have dined exclusively on
pie since I was a small boy," said the deputy
surveyor ea he walked ashore, "and it'« all
right."
What the pantryman said was In Chinese.
Among the passengers on the Coptic was
William H. Leek of San Jose. Leek has been
superintendent of schools in Manila, but was
etricken with dysentery and came horn* seeking
health. Under the administrations of Surgeon
Irones and the bracing Influence of the - n<ja
breezes he picked up considerably, but is still
in very poor health.
The Coptic brought about two hundred Chi
nese and other parsengers aa follows:
From Hongkong — Milton J. Cummlngs,
Philip E. Dudley. Jerome Kendall, Mrs. • May
Kendall, Lieutenant William A. Kltto, >R. E.,
Mrs. A. B. Langfitt, William H. Leek, Adellno
B. de Lemos, Robert Mills. Dr. Walter F.
Schaller, John Stringer. Mtb. John Stringer,
Miss Nellie White, Miss Barbara Smith. Miss
Kuml Nakintshl.
Shanghai — Dr. Ernest L. Marsh, Mrs. Ernest
L. Marsh, Wentworth B. Wlnslow, Mrs. Went
worth B. Wlnslow.
Yokohama — Walter L. Crow, Mrs. Walter L.
Crow, Mrs. Alfred T. Howard, Master Gordon
Howard, Master Donald Howard, John ! B.
McDowell, Charles R. Pierce, Miss Carrie Reed,
Miss Nellie Reed, Miss Annie L. Howe.
Honolulu — Herbert Llewellyn. •
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany's steamship Coptic, Captain J. H. Hinder,
which arrived yesterday from the Orient
brought In her hold 500 packages of Filipino
curios to be used as part of the Philippine ex
hibit at the St. Louis Exposition. From Ma
nila she also brought 6828 bales of hemp and
336 bags of copra. Her cargo, which, consisted
of SOOO tons of merchandise, included 7231
chests of tea. The Coptic reached quarantine
shortly after 4 o'clock, but her passengers did
not get ashore until nearly 7, the low water
and strong tide combining to make docking a
difficult and tedious operation. With steam
winches, wire cables and suggestions from Cap
tain Wilson, Captain Rinder and Pilot Newt
Jordan brought the liner inch by inch to her
berth. It wu a long pull and a strong pull,
but she kept moving all the time. Not a line
parted, and everybody retained his composure.
.Deputy Surveyor of the Port Chauncey St.
John missed his dinner and was feeling sad
about it. and, looking hungrily Into the liner's
cabin galley, watched with gleaming eyea as
a Celestial steward carved a gooseberry pie
into generous portions. The Oriental knife
wielder, glancing up. read In St. John's eyes
the sign of famlrie and, with Asiatic suspicion,
moved the tempting food as far as possible
from the deputy surveyor's reach. A bell
sounded. The Chinese pantryman obeyed Its
summons. His absence was St. John's oppor
; tunity. . i
Brings Philippine Exhibit.
Sharkey Declared Insane.
John Sharkev, 615 Minna street, was
adjudged Insane yesterday afternoon by
the Insanity Commissioners and commit
ted to the State Hospital for the Insane
at Nana.- . Sharkey soma time ago made
an attempt .on the life of Father. Scanlon
and was arrested at the time and charged
with insanity.-
Henry Stiles and John Niles ,were con
victed by a Jury In Judge Dunne's court
yesterday on a .charge of attempting to
commit burglary and will be sentenced on
Monday. In the early morning of June 25
they attempted to break into E. J.
Smith's drug store at Eddy and Taylor
streets. They had forced open one of the
windows when discovered.
Would-Be Burglars Convicted.
, Pumyea WlUlamson was instructed and
arraigned In Police Judge Conlan's court
yesterday on a charge of felony embezzle
ment and the case was continued till
Tuesday. He Is accused by Atorney D. S.
O'Brien of embezzling $563 50 worth of
stock of .the Union Laundry Company on
October. 17, which was given him to sell.
O'Brien is a prominent stockholder in the
company.
Accused of Embezzling Stock.
R. A. Child, manager of 'a warehouse at
315 Beale street, belonging'to Miller, Sloss
& Scott, was arrested on Tuesday night
by Detective Ryan. He Is accused of
stealing 33,032 pounds of new chain from
the warehouse early Tuesday ! morning,
which was sold to a Junk dealer at 729
Howard street for $39 50. The value of
the chain was $175. Child's defense is that
he intended turning In the money with his
day's receipts, but was placed under ar
rest before having the chance to do it. An
Investigation is. being made to ascertain
If Child has been selling other articles
from the warehouse.
Warehouse Manager, Under Arrest.
She ne.xt saw George on Sunday, the
day .following the robbery, but did not
see any money or other valuables in his
possession. Since their reconciliation, she
said, George had been giving her $10 per
week. »
It was decided by a Coroner's jury. yes
terday that . George Nottingham, alias
William Wells, the train robber, who shot
himself on October 19. had dellberately
commltted- suicide. The most important
witness examined was Mrs. Hattie If el
son, once' his wife, but long ago divorce. 1,
In whose presence, tho deed was commit
ted. Her testimony did not throw: any
additional light upon the facts of the
shooting, but : she told an interesting
history of • her domestic life. She said
that at: twenty minutes before 6 o'clock
on the morning of the 19th Nottingham,
who had f been- sleeping on a lounge In
the kitchen, came into her room and sat
on the 'edge of the bed and asked her
whether she would forgive him. . She said
that she would do so, if there was any
thing for her to forgive, and after he had
kissed her he blew out the candle and
shot himself; twice in the abdomen. He
used a Colt's 45-caliber revolver.
The couple had been divorced
some time ' ago,' .but a reconcil
iation had, been effected and they
had agreed to be remarried shortly. Mrs.
Nelson owns and conducts a barber shop
at 757B* Howard street. She was asked
concerning the whereabouts of the de
cedent: and his brother Just prior to the
train robbery at Point Richmond, and she
testified that " the two brothers came . to
her barber shop on Saturday afternoon,
some hours before the robbery, and find
ing the 'shop crowded with customers
waltlng'for a Bhave.left the place after
stating that ,they would call again, but
they did not call.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Anna Andrews, cashier of the
Depot Cafe, from Charles W. Andrews
for desertion and neglect; Lucy Morris
from James Morris for neglect, Henry H.
Fuller from Daisy Fuller for desertion,
and Olga Kroeger from J. E. Kroeger for
desertion.
Cruelty is charged in the suits brought
by Llbble Driscoll against Daniel J. Dris
coll, Emma D. Johnson against Trlgwe
Caspar Johnson and Marguerite Ehllnger
against Michel Ehlinger, Esther Schelke
is suing Joseph Scheike for divorce for
desertion.
Neglect Is the charge In the complaint
for divorce brought by Eva Lane against
Charles B. Lane. She avers that he has
not provided for her during the last six
years. They were married In August,
1893.
Agrippina K«nnard, who before her
marriage to Charles L. Kennard In Feb
ruary, 1900, was Agrippina Kashevaroff,
wants a divorce and permission to resume
her maiden name. She charges Kennard
with neglecting her.
G. Henry Osborne wants a divorce from
Mary A. Oeborne for Infidelity. He says
that Gilbert Chance has won her.affec
tions.
A dismissal of the suit for divorce
brought by pretty 19-year-old Marguerite
Heck Mackintosh against \ Charles J.
Mackintosh, chief engineer of the ferry
steamer San Jose, was filed yesterday. A
few minutes later Attorney Stephen V.
Costello, on behalf of the young lady, filed
a new action, in which the charges of
cruelty preferred In the first action are
repeated. In explanation, Attorney Cos
tello said that the 'couple had become
reconciled through the efforts of friends
a few days after the first action, had been
commenced, hence the dismissal of the
suit. The filing of the new action. It is
charged, was due to the fact that Mackin
tosh did not keep his promise to behave,
and a few days after they made up he
again abused his wife. . '
Mrs. Mackintosh has had a merry time
of it since her graduation from a private
school in San Jose In May of la%t year,
and If her statements be true her troubles
are due to Mackintosh, j Ha was chief en
gineer on a vessel plying between this
port and Seattle. After graduating, Mar-,
guerlte Heck, one of the most popular
and beautiful pupils at tho San Jose
school, took a trip to Seattle. She sailed
on the steamer on which Mackintosh was
engineer, met him and straightway fell
in love with him. Her charms won
Mackintosh, and when the steamer stop
ped at Seattle they hied themselves to a
minister and became one. Their happiness
was short-lived, for, according to the
young wife's 'suit, he commenced abusing
her within a few weeks after the mar
riage. She stood his alleged abuse until
October of this year, when she left him
and returned to her mother. Ten days
ago she filed an action for divorce, and
also asked for a restraining: order "pre
venting him from interfering with her
peace, alleging that he had called at .the
home of her mother and threatened her.
It is now said that the day following the
filing of the suit Mackintosh, appealed to
her to return to him, promising to treat
her differently. He said that because of
the suit he had be«n ostracized by his
friends and was in danger of losing his
position. His friends also importuned her
on his behalf, and, much against her
wishes, she consented to return, only to
find that they could not agree.
Separation Pails to Subdue
Their Affection for
* Each Other.
Says Husband Broke Promise
to Behave Few Days After
Making It.
Mrs. Hattie Nelson Tells
How Nottingham
Shot Himself.
Marguerite Mackintosh
Piles a New Action
for Divorce.
FORMER WIFE
ON THE STAND
KISS AND MAKE
UP THEN FIGHT
From San Francisco— Mrs. Swift, at the
Albemarle; Captain Kouhler, at the Mur
ray Hill; J. J. Smith, at the Victoria.
.. From San Jose— E. Northrup, at the
Victoria.
From San . Diego— R. Jacob, Mrs. A. J.
Jacobs, B. B. LJpman. at the St. Denis.
' From Los Angeles— C.«W. Hanks, at the
Grand Union; W. H. S. Welch and wife,
at the" Broadway Central; H. R. Wood
and wife, at the Union Square.
5". NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— Calif ornians In
New York: £998
Calif ornians in New York.
A. P. Maginnis, who recently resumed
his old position with the Santa Fe road,
and E. L. Doheny, with whom the former
is associated in several big oil well'enter
prises, arrived . from Los Angeles yester
day and are registered at the Palace.
j Robert H. Gardiner, a wealthy resident
of Gardiner, Maine, is a guest at the Pal
ace, having come West on a pleasure trip.
J. C. Campbell, the well-known attor
ney, has returned from the East, where
he has been for a month past on legal
business.
H. H. Yard, who is constructing a rail
road along the Feather River, left yester
day for Philadelphia, where he will re
main for several weeks. .
. Rev. C. L. Bare, a missionary of Luck
now, India, is at the Occidental. He is on
his way back to the Orient.
Rev. Thomas E. Wincoff and family of
Concord, N. C, are registered at the Oc
cidental.
' General Russell G. Alger and Cornelius
Bliss will arrive here, from the East to
day.
- Dr. H. R. Browne of Plttsburg la at the
Grand.
Graham Baboock of Coron&do Is at the
Palace.
Charles A. Brown, a capitalist of Hono
lulu, is at the Occidental.
• Dr. J. L. Ross and wife of Redwood
City are staying at the California,
Frank Herric, a newspaperman from
Denver, Is registered at the Palace.
George Noble Todd, a well-known In
ventor of Los Angeles, Is at the Occiden
tal. -,.;
PERSONAL MENTION.
Louis Caraglans died in the French
Hospital last Tuesday night, of suffoca
tion by illuminating gas. He came from
the country last Saturday evening and
on Sunday morning at 3 o'clock he en
gaged a room at 829 Howard street. A
few hours later he was found unconscious
and was removed . to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, thence to the French Hos
pital. Caraglans was a Greek and not
accustomed to the use of gas. It Is, be
lieved that he blew out the light.
Another Victim of Gas.
George W^ Rumble, the wildcat mining
operator, arrested for fraudulently using?
the mails, will be taken before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock next
Tuesday morning at 10 -o'clock for pre-.
limlnary examination. The more the
postal authorities have delved into the
history of his transactions the more they
find concerning the enormous profits real
ized by him oat of his swindling schemes.
Exceeding simplicity and plausibility
marked his plan, and nothing could have
prevented his swindling the public until
the crack of doom had it not been for the
Interference of the postoffice people and
the revelations made by his arrest and
expected to be made in the progress of
his trial.
Postoffice Inspector James O'Connell
had been on the trail of Rumble for a
year in gathering evidence and preparing
a "case" that would insure the conviction
of the bunko operator. He found that
whenever Rumble wanted to "work" a
particular locality for purchasers of his
worthless mining stock he used to remit
to his victims (2 each month as a dividend
on each $100 invested. By peddling out the
money In this way he could keep himself
solvent and could continue the payment
of dividends for four years and two
months before the original $100 received
by him had b«n disbursed in dividends.
Like the $35 suit clubs that went to pieces
several years ago, the profit came in with
the "new blood," or new victims. 'But
Rumble did not adhere to this business
like plan. He used to pay the dividends
regularly for several months, and then
endeavor to induce his victims to allow
the dividends to be applied to the pur
chase of additional stock, on the assump
tion that the more profitable an Invest
ment Is the more money should be put
Into it. '
As an evidence of the profitable nature
•of the business to Rumble, Inspector
O'Connell cites the fact that out of the
city of Elmlra, N. Y., alone since last
June Rumble has received J52.0CO In gold
coin from the sale of his wildcat stock.
They Are* in Clothes of
the Simple Buyers
of Stock.
BushnelPs Examination Commences.
The preliminary examination of William
Henry Bushnell, charged with the murder
of his wife, Catherine, by throwing a
lighted lamp at her at their residence, 214
Seventh avenue, on September 11, was
commenced before Police Judge Fritz yes
terday. The testimony was the same as
given at the Coroner's inquest. The wit->
nesses examined were Patrick Ward, de
fendant's father-in-law; Mrs. Frances
Tiedeman, F. B. Petrle, W. F. Angron
and Dr. I* D. Baclgalupi, autopsy sur
geon. ' The Rev. Father Robert F. Sesnon
was called for the defense, so that he
might not be put to the inconvenience of
returning, and he testified that Mrs.
Bushnell told him she had broken the
lamp herself. The case will be concluded
this morning.
RUMBLE WORKS
POCKET MINES
1 In the United States Circuit Court yes
terday morning the taking of testimony
in the case of Patrick W. Riordan, Arch
bishop of : San 'Francisco, against Mrs.
Belle "W7 Sprague and Richard Spragu«,
her husband, was begun. The day's ses
sion was devoted to the exploitation of
two documents of vital Importance In the
trial. One of them was what is known
as the fountain agreement and the other
the community property agreement. Ry
land ,T. 1 Wallace, Mrs. Sprague and Qar
rot McEnerney were examir.e-1 on behaK
of the plaintlft^with reference to these
two documents and the circumstances un
der which they had been executed.
It appeared that James Mervyn Dona
hue had bequeathed a large sum of money
to various charitable organizations of the
various creeds, and that in order to avoid
coming into conflict with the law prohib
iting, the bequest of more than one-third
of j an estate to any religious denomina
tions the fountain agreement was ex
ecuted by Ryland T. Wallace and Arch
bishop Riordan to the effect that if the
courts should adjudge that the $25,000 leg
acy for the Donahue fountain on Market
street was a charitable donation so that it
might cut into the. bequests left the Ro
man Catholic organizations,' Mrs. Sprague
would -make up -any deficiency In the
Catholic bequest that' might be created
thereby. , . ¦ -,
Ryland T. Wallace, brother of Mrs.
Sprague, testified that at the time, he
made the fountain agreement he was not
acting within the scope,' of the power of
attorney, held by him from Mrs. Sprague
while she was absent in Europe, and that
therefore It should not be considered as
her act. It was alleged further. by. the de
fendants that there was no consideration
for that agreement and that it was void
for that reason. The community Agree
ment provided that both Mrs. Sprague
and tlie Archbishop should consider two
thirds of the whole estate us community
property and the remaining one-tnlrd os
t^z soj trate estate of the tsa'Ator, James
Mervyn Donahue. - 1 ' • -
It appears that In the distribution of the
bequests heretofore had the Protestant
charities received the whole amount of
the bequests, thus leaving a large de
ficiency In the bequests for the Roman
Catholic institutions, and this appears to
be one of. the pivotal factors in the pres
ent litigation.
Ryland T. .Wallace Denies
That He Acted for
Mrs. Sprague.
Two Agreements the
Basis of Dispute
in Court.
DONAHUE LEGACY
BEFORE A JURY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1903.
16
SALE'S* I - -¦ HALE>aL
A Blanket This Morning"
$4.25 Pair.
That's unusual — more unusual still when you see it; when
you feel it; when you lift it It's a soft white fleecy one for dou-
ble beds; most all wool with just enough cotton to make it
strong and serviceable — plenty of warmth in every one. It weighs
full s lbs. We couldn't sell it regularly under $5. It's as good a blanket
in every way as is sold some places for $6. * r
But we happened to get a snap. We pass it on to you this morn-
ing; $4 25 a pair.
Embroideries More Art News.
Of special intoelt at Hale's to- Seed beads arc 18c a bunch.
r . Jewels 5c a doz., 7j4c, ioc and
day. i£ C . They're in all shapes, colors
ie, Ha w" e W £% of f any o r n°e id ou r t are some new ideas in
this way handling them on the scale tapestry, tops for jewel work, 35c
we do. The manufacturer with these each.
surplus lots comes to us for relief. , And some j new Stanford and
Women are finding it out. They are Berkeley, pillow tops — the cleverest
coming here for values. we've seen.. Each is in the favorite
Some of them this morning: college colors; 50c each.
3c Yard, Worth 5c. xr A " oth c r " ew^ piIIo Y t op ' " The
0 . J Native Son. On each there 15 a
-JSfS^prJS^uS.:? 1 ?? !*££«: b « r k£K2& K n r the J os T ite
•Nlde. " • cliff. If you don t believe it s a bear
~ -v fc j \\r~-4-u tu* Q t ->~ stroke him and see. He won't
5c Yard, Worth Up to 8 1-3C. grO wl. $1 00.
Cambrics, Swisses and Nainsooks in y nnn tt..,_ Crv»A £, T^f^^U t«.
strong, firm edges; 1 to 3 Inches wide. -Long .tiea\y Lord & IaSSelS IOX.
Insertions 1% to 3 Inches. . They're for trimming sofa pillows.
"jYi c Yard, Worth Up to 12J/2C. We are seIlln s them esp«ciaiiy low just
Cambrics, Nainsooks, Edgings; vari- —~—— ~~"
ety of pretty designs; 2 to 6 inches wide. T> *«-«, I n-ac
Insertions VA to 3 inches wide. DUV L.3CCS.
... I Zwft-tj. ' New ones; good English torchons
Women S White and Point Venise galloons.
Untrimmed Hats Pay haIf what they are worth -
unmmraea nats. They wcre bought for an un< j crwcar
There is a great call lately for factory, but they came late. Here
white hats, and we are specially pre- they are:
pared with them this morning. 2C> W orth 4c.
They're all in the newest shapes and Cf worth 5c* and 7c
of mohair quality. Some with bell 5C | wort h 8 1-3C, ioc, 15c, 20c.
crowns; others round crowns. Many p o ; nt Venise galloons 7c, worth
of them with stitched runs. I2^c a«d 15c.
7. " And "*• Kortb mc and 23c -
It's the modern lining. Ask to see . __ , ~' . , v , # ,
it; 58c y d.; 54 shades. Market Street, near Sixth.
Kearnj and Slitter Sts.
California Wool BlanKets
(Second Floor Sntter Street)
These Blankets at the prices are exceptional value. Every
pair is of the best California make, extra soft and finished
with pink or blue borders. If you have a Blanket need of
any kind, you should see these:.
California White Wool Blankets, Extra Fine California White
size 60 x 80, extra heavy quality, Wool Blankets, good weight, warm
silk bound, special per co ,- and not burdensome, per - ft
pair 5>O./D pair
Fine California Wool Blankets, California White Wool Blankets,
made of cleanest white wool, extra best quality, size 72 x 84, prettily
large size, splendid value e _ nn silk bound, special per <ft nn
at $D.UU pair
And If you want them still better, we have them at $10.00 and Jt2.oo apair
New Velveteens and Velvets
rrirat Floor Kearny Street)
AH the rage now for coats, wraps, waists and gowns — we
have just received a large shipment of the most popular
weaves, among which are :
24-inch Velveteens In every 20-Inch Silk Velvets, fine quality,
imaginable shade, at per __ all the popular colors, per Cl eA
yard '5> c yard
22-inch Velveteens In fancy 10-lnch Fancy Velvets, In a
dotted and figured designs, __ large variety of patterns, ei _ n
peryard *«> c peryard $I.DU
27-inch Black Mousseline Velve- 22-inch Fancy Panne Velvets, in
teens, fine quality for tf| ftn exquisite novelty effects,
gowns, peryard $I.UU peryard $£.UU
Sale of Art Glassware cszyir)
Handsome Imported Flower Vases, Rose Bowls and Violet
Holders offered to-day at one-half price and less. The shapes
are unique — the colorings are exquisite — some hand painted.
All are odd pieces and we have marked them for quick selling
at the following extraordinarily low prices :
50c each — For those sold regularly at $1.00 and $1.10
75c each — For those sold regularly at $1.25 and $1.50
Ladies' Suede Gloves, 4Qc Pair
Regular $1.00 and $1.50 Qualities
(Pint Floor Kearnjr Street)
The assortments of sizes and colors are broken, and in
order to effect a speedy clearance, we sacrifice them regardless
of cost — sizes left are 5%, 5^, 5 yi,6 and 6%, colors are fancy
shades such as red, yellow, green, nile, old rose, etc. — the
skins are soft and of the finest qualities. Gloves that sold
regularly at $1.00 and $1.50, to-day we offer at, /n_
per pair *fUu
Carpet Art Squares at $4.50
In Entirely New Designs
(Second Floor Sutter Street)
,The last offering of these handsome Carpet Squares went
so "fast that we have bought some more for selling at this
record price. They can be used upon the floor in any part
of the house, especially in the dining room as a crumb cloth,
size 9 x 12 feet, extra heavy quality and come in such
serviceable colors as brown, tan, blue and green. <r # rn
Price of this lot while they last, each 4^"«l'
Special Values in Notions
(First Floor Sutter St.)
Flashskin Cloths, for polishing Featherbone stock foundation
metals of all kinds, per fr% collars, straight or pointed, .—
pair IOC each lOc
Iro S nl! M H ch atin£ .. CU . rlln . g 25c Pur. Bristle Tooth Bn.sh.s,
Hose Supporters, with clasp, to cacn ¦**
be worn with or without cor- Always Ready Dress c _
set, per pair ct>C Shields, in all sizes, per pair ODC
Write for our New Illustrated Catalogue. We mail it free.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A GOOD JOKE
la always appreciated when the joke
isn't on you. A man can't laugh very
heartily at any kind of Joke If he has a
collar like the edge of a buzz saw stick-
Ing Into his Jupular vein, or If he feels
cheap with a badly laundered shirt front
to face the world with. Bee how it will
rultc you In your own estimation, and
That of others, by having your linen done
up at the
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 WARXET STREET, V,
Near PowelL
/^K SPHEROID (Palenied) /£&
i]\ E y c Glasses Yijj
i \ ¦ V^ Opcra Classcs \Jy\
i t Scientific J^J
r'Y Instruments y\
J Kodaks, Photo Goods VJ
I* ?1
C^jJ^^*'TT^TM3ErZT' |, | sssTri^T' _ j4&£
r^ARKET ST. 3f. VS55^
APVXSynS KM I! flTT3»
rS w Ml \l Hi ' m9 I "fl * f 1
L, ijVijXSl III jk w JF^t' JpSs j
39 STOCKTOCT STSEET.
Telephone; Mala 6222.
Our aaJee a,r» a crest success beeaas*
we ruanntee all good*. Money cheerfully
refunded If not exactly aa recrea«nt«d.
THURSDAT.FRIDAT and SATURDAY SPECIALS
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square 40c
Reg:. 45c. Usual size and quality.
MINNESOTA EGGS, per dozen 30c
Another shipment Just In.
Lcwnej's Ground Chocolate, per can . .25c
Reg. 30c The now popular brand.
L06 CABIN MAPLE SYRUP—
Pta. Qts. %-**!».
Special SOo 33e 6Sc
Regular 23o 40o 73c
Just th» thing- for hotcakes.
IDEAL FLAVORING EXTRACTS, hot. . . .20c
Reg. 25c. Vanilla, Lemon. Strawberry.
Raspberry, Almond, Orange.
CANNED ASPARAGUS 20c
- Reg. 25c. S. & w. brand or Hlcknotr ».
DUESELDORFER WEIN SUEF, per jar. .20c
Reg. 25c. A delicious German MajtanJ. "
REBECCA TEAPOTS—
1 pt. 2 pta. 3 pta. 3# pta.
Special .. 25e SOo 3.1c 40o
Regular .. 30c 35c 40a COc
E. C. BERRY BOURBON. . . bof 75c, gal $3
Reg. $1 and $4. A brand that baa glvva
satisfaction for years.
FINE' OLD RYE. foil quarts 90c
Reg. $1 25. Pure and rax*.
ZINFANDEL, per dozen— ,?&> fa^
Reg.... IX.T3 12. 73
TVell aged, full flavor. Allowance for
empties. 50c a doz. qt»., 30c pta.
HOLLAND GIN, per bat ..75c
Re«r. 91. fins medicinal quali-
ties.
ASK FOR NEW CATALOO.
AN ARROW
yXANTAB-"A"
A f MADE IN QUARTER SIZES
JQgL 15 CTS .EACH OR TWO FOR 25 CT9.
S^CLUETT, PEABOOY <* CO., M*«» s
r <)
__ .CUTLERS
' EgEROLftDOftRRAWE)
For Stomach Disorders
Gout and Dvsoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGNIER CO.. San Prandjcow
j ¦ -^ ADVEBTISEoJENTS.
SSSSSS^v g"'cWy and etfeotlvely fn«tle««e« of Nervous HMd«ehe,81eK
Headache, Lumbago, Sea-Sickness, Car-Slcknesa, Irritability,
igCSCVgg Periodic, Bearing-down and Ovarian Palna.
CSSSSSKS "I «.m very rrateful that I have found such a perfect remedy
for headache. I had a sunstroke while In the army, and ever
' since have suffered treaty, from headach* and biliousness. Th*
; S>SS§§nS on . ly ***•* eT6r «* Te me «>ny relief Is Dr. Miles' Antt-Paln
SSnSxsS> Pills, whtoh I have u«ed with satisfactory results for a number
<§CSSS§S of years. 11 — M. 8. BaLXJLRD. »8 Catltna Av«.. Pasadena. Calif.
. (S^SSC^ "I hare frequently used Dr. Miles' Antl-PaJn Pills for Neu-
' ' $$c^Sc^O ralgia, and they invariably give speedy relief. Also In traveling. '
SvxSxnSS am never. without then to prevent drowsiness and headache."—
E. 1* 8AJTFORD. MgT. Etna Springs . Hotel. Etna Springs. Calif.
X$co?oNi ' "Two years ago I had a severe attack of La Oripp*. and was
ovCSVCsjS under the doctor's carts for flv« days without any relief. Then I
xNSvSSxsn bought a box of Dr. Miles' Anti-Fain Pills, and five Pain Pills
m sSSSKSS?^ h. cured me. A short time ago I had another attack, but thanks-
to the Pain Pills I waa soon cured, taklnx only three of the
SS^tf^S^a Pills.' -JOHN N. PURTTEMAN. Glendale. Ore,
• §£$^^ Neuratpia, Rheumatism; Sciatica, Backache. La Grfppa. Pain In v
INSNSSSSN Stomach. Ague Paint. Indigestion, Dizziness. Nervousness and
XXSSNNSy: «••••¦ Sleeplessness. •,
§v$$$c$s ' "Once, and often twice a week, for' years I have had spells
sSSSSxs^ of dull heavy pains ; across the forehead accompanied' with
SsSSSSSSS "pains in heart, arm and shoulders. I find Dr. Miles' Antl-Pajn
S^SSS^ PUls v«ry beneficial, one tablet usually being : sufficient :. to stop
'I tht pJn."-rMRS. LEONA ELDER, Wheatland. Calif. ;
$>$$$?§>! * . V"i could not ret- aJonr'wlthoat: I>r." Miles* 'An tl-PsJo, Pills. '
' nSSnNSS>$ They give • me almost ¦ Instant relief - from . almost : any pain.
vvSSSsSSx - I gtve them to all of the children,. sven the baby, and we feel
ISSSSSSSS no bad effects at tsrwards, as one does from - most 1 medicines. 1 '— . ,
5S$SS$XS; MRS.^ IRA ALLKN. 208 Indiana A ve., Riverside/ Calif.
> -' ; -Dr/-MHes'-'Antl-P«ln;Plllt',«r«';sold-by'*ll:druaBi«ts t 25 cents a
4P^SsN>SSisSj5V box, under a positive guarantee that the first box well benefit
ssakhsjMddaatfisSBMl or money refunded. I ' . . ! V
Ibe .'Genaint Dr. Miles* Remedies are neyer sold at Cat Prices.