VOLUME XCIV— NO. 139.
price] five cents.
CENTRAL AMERICAN
REPUBLICS A WAIT
THE CONFERENCES
FIRE IN WASHINGTON TOWN
CA USES FOUR DEA THS AND
ONE MILLION DOLLARS LOSS
VIEW OF A WASHINGTON TOWN, THE BUSINESS SECTION OF
WHICH WAS DESTROYED BY FIRE YESTERDAY, ENTAILING A
LOSS OF $1,000,000 AND CAUSING FOUR "DEATHS.
Continued'on Page 2, Columns 1 and Z
¦ ¦lUrriTBir— —ibar—MiHilP dutmi riinwiai minim w#im n»mn mm ¦¦¦ ili
News of SarafoflTs Death Confirmed.
SALONICA. European Turkey. Oct. lo.—
The report of the death of Boils Sara
foff, the famous Macedonian leader, is
confirmed. An imperial irade has been
received here ordering severe punishment
to b* meted out to Eoldiers guilty of bru
tality, theft cr drunkenness.
From the engine-house the flre leaped into therDabley block, a one-story
structure, and to the, Anderson block, just north. All the" buildings in the -block"
bounded by Heron, Hume and G and H streets were soon in the grip of : the flames/
The fire was ajeo, playing; havoc: with the front of stores on the north side i of
Heron street" From Anderson's block the .fire jumped to the State Bank' arid'
every store from that corner to, the Hayes Bank and all the buildings in the
block bounded by Heron,' G, Wishkah and H* streets were burned, .'including the
Central School building/ Pf und's Jewelry store, Fuller's store, Brecker's grocery,
a new billiard parlor, the City v. Council chamber, .Wheeler Bros/ 'store/ Lucart's
candy kitchen and the express office. '.". George Wolff's i-dry goods store -inline' fine
Weatherwax block went next and then came the , destruction of ~" the, finely
equipped Crescent Hotel. *- -f :' . '.'¦¦- \-
GREAT VOLUMES OF FLAMES SHOOT INTO THE AIR.
From the Mack block the fire spread to the fine new hosehouse and head
quarters of the Fire Department and matters 'began to look exceedingly gloomy.
Great volumes of flames shot into the air and the heat became unbearable a block
dlstanU The saloon next to the engine-house was" soon: blazing: and then the
flames jumped across the alley to Walker's ; saloon, arid every building^ In 7." the
block bounded by Heron and F and G streets, Including Kaufman's brick block,
were destroyed. Word went along every business street to prepare for the worst
and as far. up as the Commercial block there were hurried' preparations, to get
out of dancer. ¦ I8B8s§8
The fire started in the old Mack building on Hume street, owned by Oscar
L. Cain, which had been regarded as a fire trap and a dangerously constructed
building. It was three stories high and was occupied by many single men, who
cooked their own meals, chiefly/on oil stoves. / It was in a room on the third
story where the flre started and the interior of* the building : was a mass of
flames before an alarm *was sent in. The building: was leased by -.Louisa Sel
borg, who had just fitted it up with new furniture.. She escaped wifh her chil
dren, saving no clothes. i
The fire was the most destructive in the history of the town and wiped out
ten business blocks and residences. Not more than one-half of the loss is covered
by Insurance, for the reason that the Insurance companies have refused to carry
any great risk on account of the inflammable material of which all' the build
ings in Aberdeen are constructed. Every business man in the city is a loser,
either by fire, water, removal or by theft. Not anticipating that the flames
could get beyond the Fire Department's control many waited until the fire was
close upon them before starting to move out The streets were soon 'strewn
and littered with all kinds of material and the rush and haste of teams • and
people in every direction caused great confusion.
The injured: John Steen, kicked In the head by a runaway horse; J. D. Han
sen, head and body bruised; A. Bretberg, head cut; H..W. Lacey, kicked in the
head by a runaway horBe; John Mills of Hoqulam.foot injured; William Ogles
by, partly suffocated. • ; i'-'.,\
* BERDEEN, "Wash., Oct. 16.— Fire which burned from 9 o'clock 'this
morning until 2 o'clock this afternoon caused four deaths, injury to six
/ persons and destroyed property valued at approximately $1,000,000.
The dead:
JL ¦ A. CHARLES ROLFS. CALVIN McKENZIE.
DANIEL WEBSTER. UNKNOWN MAN. ,
Business Section of Aberdeen Is Reduced t
Ashes and tier Merchants Receive
a Crushing Blow.
A FIRE which burned for five hours in the town of 'Aber
** decn, Wash., yesterday, destroyed ten business blocks, en
tailing a loss of $i,qqo,ooo, and caused the death of four per
sons. The flames spread rapidly and for a time threatened
the entire town with destruction.' Every business man in the
town is a sufferer, as not more than one-half of 'the loss is
covered by insurance. Dynajn ite was used to check the prog
ress of the flames. ..-¦¦'
The Duke says he cannot reject the
Invitation of the Free Food League to
become Its president, although he must
accept that office conditionally. He con
tinues:
"It Is seventeen years since I took an
actH-e part in the campaign against home
rule. It is not in my power to take the
eame active part now that I took then.
I must be regarded as adverse to the
proposition, rather than as a combatant
of it. It is with some reluctance that I
consent to even this limited part in the
present controversy, but I feel that many
Unionist members of Parliament' whose
ideas I believe agree with mine are mak
ing great sacrifices in order to, maintain
their opinions, and I am unwilling that
they should regard me as Indifferent to
their political interests. Sincerely yours,
"DEVONSHIRE."
Mr. RltchJe, the late Chancellor of the
Exchequer, and Lord George Hamilton,
late Secretary of State for India, have
also joined the league. • r
The Duke of Devonshire's adhesion ito
the Free Food League la .regarded as
gneatly etrengthening the free trade party.
PRESIDENCY ACCEPTED.
VIEWS OF HIS GRACE.
"Devonshire House, Oct. 13.
"Dear Beach: You informed me when
we last met that the wish had been ex
pressed that I join the league and take
a. part in its operations. I understand
.that the principal object of the league is
to oppose the new departure in the fiscal
policy, which has now been definitely an
nounced and which includes the taxation
of food imports from foreign countries
£jid preferential treatment for the colo
nies, as well 2s a general tariff on im
ported manufactured jroods.
"I understand that these objects do not
involve opposition to the policy of the
Government in so far as that Dolicv Is
limited to reserving to the Government
the right of proposing to Parliament tariff
legislation for the purpose of negotiating
commercial treaties and the mitigation of
hostile tariffs."
Continuing, the Duke of Devonshire re
fers to the desirability of restraining "the
6trongly protectionist tendencies mani
fested at the recent conference at Shef
field," and says the duty of combating
before the country the doctrines of the
Tariff Reform League ehould not be left
entirely to radicals and members of the
Cobden Club.
This important move in the fiscal con
test developed to-night at the meeting of
the Parliamentary committee of the
league In a letter from the Duke of Dev
onshire to Sir Michael Hicks-Beach. Mr.
Ritchie's predecessor as Chancellor of the
Exchequer, accepting the proffered presi
dency of the league under certain condi
tions, which was read. The committee
adopted a resolution unanimously accept
ing the conditions, and this action was
immediately communicated to the Duke
of Devonshire. The substance of the
Duke's letter follows:
LONDON, Oct 16.-The Duke of Devon
shire, late Lord President of the Council,
has conditionally accepted the presidency
of the Free Food League, which is or
ganizing a campaign against the fiscal
policy of Mr. Chamberlain and Mr. Bal
toxir.
Significant Action
in the Fiscal
Contest.
DEVONSHIRE
LEADS FOES
OF BALFOUR
Furious Storm Sweeps* the New
. foundland Coast and Does
Great Damage.
ST. JOHNS. N. F., Oct. 16.— A hurri
cane . raged "Jhere last night and caused
immense 'damage- to fishing property.
Many boats have foundered and it" Is
feared the fishing fleet, which is now
making its last trip to the Grand Baa^j,
may have suffered disaster. K9
FEARS FOR FISHERMEN
nr> TEMPESTUOUS SEA
/ATLANTA, Ga;, Oct. 16.-As a result of
a fire, in the Grady^Hospital, the largest
in ; the city, '; two negro women died : and
for some time the lives of a score : or
more ; were ihreatened. The two women
died >s the, result .of .'the excitement "arid
not from' injuries received In the fire'. : The
|pfe\oVigiriated "about , midnight from, em
bers' left in the laundry stove.* - '
FRIGHTENED WOMEN DIE "^
DURING HOSPITAL FIRE
iiiany Negro Inmates of an Institu
tion in Atlanta Have Narrow
Escape.
. Assassin Attacks M. Pepin"- on Street
' ' ; ¦V'atMonsand- Effects His
¦ .*• :/ s ; . - Escape.,;
BRUSSELS, Oct. ; 16.— M. ; Pepin, -a/ So
cialist« member j of -the ; Chamber of Depu
tels.^was fstabbed ", to-nigh't at Mo'ns, : while
walking [on > the! street /.with} some friends.
There slight | hopes of his; recovery."
The ; assassin ;struck\ M. : Pepln from be
hind and succeeded in making, his escape.
SOCIALIST LEGISLATOR .
'¦¦}>-: IS FAT ALLY > STABBED
f McKEESPORT. Pa., Oct. 16.— As the re
sult; of -an'^attempt by 'three officers * to
arrest ; rie'groes at •XJlassport to-night [Cb'n
'Btable'-WJUlam»ShieIds^pf : Glassport;aged
44 , years,, .was} shot "through \ the ¦ heart /arid
almost .'instantly '}. killed \ and • Peter.':Mel
vlri ¦ \ one , of -the \. negroes, .was .- shot* dead
by - Patrick;! Kelley. '{, For . some I time , sev
eral negroes been? creating 1- trouble
here ' arid .* were" always i ready^ to pick \: a
<auarrel:" ; ' V '". ¦ '¦.-.'•"'.- v .-¦
Constable Shot -Through the Heart
' 'and a Black's Life Is •
Ended.!
NEGROES ; SHOW : FIGHT
AND TWO MEN"' ARE KILLED
ROME," Oct. : 16.— Premier Zanardelli ar
rived fin Rome this morriing/ : It .'is per
sistently rumored that his object in sum
moning ; a? council of ; Ministers to-morrow
is to notify his' Ministry, of his determina
tion > to ; resign. ' Slgnof '• Nasij Minister of
Public ";. Instruction, , is said to have con
firmed this report.
Persistently Rumored -That Council
of Ministers Is| Called for Offl-;
cial Notification.
PREMIER / ZANARDELLI
> MAY- RESIGN '^OFFICE
AUSTIN, Texas, Oct '1§. — Governor
Lanham to-day; took action booking to the
arrest and punishment of the white men
who are: guilty of brutally torturing and
murdering, inoffensive negroes of 'Rusk
County. He instructed the District Judge
and • peace ; authorities ' of • that county : to
leave' nothing undone that would bring
about the punishment of the men .who 'are
guilty, of the terrible crimes. The identity
of 'many I of the men who committed • the
murders and outrages are well - known
and; it: is: expected that they will be'.ar
rested I without; further 'delaylv . • ¦.-. '.¦'¦
Lanham Instructs District Judge and
Peace Officers to Bring Crimi-^
r nals to Justice. • \
GOVERNOR TAKES ACTION
TO PUNISH LYNCHERS
SAX RAFAEL, Oct. IS.— The steamer
Cazadero, loaded with commuters, was
nearly run into by the Santa Fe ferry
boat Ocean Wave last night. Both ves
sels were just off Alcatraz Island. There
was a heavy fog at the time. The Caza
dero was en route to Sausallto loaded
with passengers for various places along
the line of the N\>rth Shore road. They
left San Francisco at 6:13. The Ocean
Wave was en route from Point Richmond
to San Francisco and. was taking the
place of the San Pablo. When about
half way between Alcatraz and Wharf
No 27, 'the Cazadero • showed up out of
the dense fog bank. Soon thereafter the
whistle of an approaching boat was
heard, but her location was not certain."
Suddenly the two boats passed each other
in close proximity. The screaming whis
tles aroused the fears of the passengers
and many of them, especially the women,
were badly frightened. The cooler ones,
however, knowing- the danger had passed,
quieted the timid ones and the passen
gers were soon thereafter landed on the
iausalito ferry slip.
Steamers Cazadero and Ocean Wave
Nearly Crash Into One Another
in the Fog.
COLLISION ON THE BAY
IS NARROWLY AVERTED
In preparation of these plans the Presi
dent and the State Department have been
consulted and the" conclusions of the gen
eral board have the approval of the ad
ministration. 'It is evident from what ha.3
'been determined that the. President^ and
his advisers are willing to go to
tremes in maintaining the right to trade
freely with Manchuria, secure-i under, the
new commercial . treaty between ' the
United . States and ", China.
WASHINGTON. -Oct. 16.-The most im
portant plans of campaign prepared by
the general board of the navy since its
organization are being perfected with
reference to the prospect of war between
Rurela and Japan over Manchuria and
Korea. Not only do they provide for the
conduct of the American fleet on . the
Asiatic station in the event.of such con
flict, but. they go to 'the extreme of con
templating the contingency that the
United States, on account of its material
interests in Manchuria, may be drawn
into hostilities in the Far East. .
Naval Board Plans to Protect Our
-^:>; Interests.
MAY. INVOLVE AMERICA.
FRESNO, Oct. 16.— George B. Mathis, a.
farmer living near" Wheatville, thirty
five miles west of this city, took a dose
of strychnine yesterday by accident and
died after suffering terrible agony for
several hours. Mathis complained of a
headache when he got up in the morn
ing. ; He' -at tended, to his chores, and on
returning to the house for breakfast
went to his bedroom to take a dose of
quinine. He had been in the habit of
taking quinine , in ' a powdered form,
measuring the dose on the point of a
knife. Wednesday Mathis had been to
Laton, the nearest marketing place, and
had there purchased "a small box of
strychnine, which had simply been label
ed "Strychnine; poison," and not marked
with the customary sign of the skull and
crossbones. Being a little nearsighted
he did not , notice the label, opening the
box and taking a dose of the drug before
he realized his mistake. ,*He called to his
wife that he was poisoned, but before he
could explain what had happened he was
siezed with terrible cramps and from that
moment until his death was writhing in
awful pain and unable'to speak. Mathis
was 49 years of age. He leaves a wife
and two grown daughters. ,
Takes Strychnine Mistaking It for
Quinine and Dies After Hours
/of Terrible Agony.
FARMER IS THE VICTIM
OF - ACCIDENTAL POISONING
The negotiations of Mr. Manning for
the purchase of the Nicaraguan railroads
have failed.
The Nicaraguan Assembly has closed
its session. A Mrl Dletrichs has offered
to buy 7500 hectares of national territory
on the Atlantic littoral. V> % '
Confidential agents of the Governments
of Nicaragua and Guatemala have re
established friendly relations between
these republics. -'.*.;
HOUSTON, Texas, Oct. 16.— A special
train 'of two private cars on the "Southern
Pacific, bearing President . Stuyvesant
Fish of the Illinois Central and party,
was ; wrecked at 6:30 o'clock this morning
at. Orange, Texas, the engine and tender
going, into the ditch. The cars miracu
lously stayed on the rails. The party, was
abed and was tumbled around roughly,
but none was injured. ¦]-
President Fish, Mrs. Fish and a party
cf friends were en route from' California
to the East. The • wreck was due to • the
failure to regard . a crossing signal, the
engine striking a ground rail and heading
to the. ditch. ; Wreck trains cleared the
way in four hours and the special pro
ceeded. ' ' . ¦"-.'.*;
Engine of Stuyvesant Fish's Train
Goes Into the Ditch at
Orange, Texas.
RAILWAY PRESIDENT'S .
. SPECIAL IS - WRECKED
. Presidents Escalon of Salva
dor, Bonilla of Honduras and Zelaya of
Nicaragua will take place October 20
without the presence of the last-named
President because the National Assembly
has refused to ; permit him to leave the
country. \ ' .
— —n^. AN AMA, Colombia,. Oct. 16.—
Bj jj Nicaraguan cable advices
m J^ received here by way of
M Acajutla,- Salvador, say the
JgL. ¦ .conferences- proposed: „ by.
Presiden t Zelaya of Nicaragua Is Refused
Permission :tq Leave the Country
to Meet Executives.
TWO OF^ THE CENTRAL AMERICAN PRESIDENTS TO HOLD A CON
FERENCE AND THE NICARAGUAN EXECUTIVE WHOSE GOV
ERNMENT WILL. NOT PERMIT HIM TO LEAVE THE COUNTRY.
SAN- QUENTIN PRISON, Oct. 18.—
Warden Tompkins has commenced to
wield hi$. official ax. To-night seven
prison guards, some of whom have been
attaches of the State penal, Institution for
many years, are hunting for jobs: others
who were former Warden Agulrre's fa
vorites were on the list for political de
capitation and received official notice this
morning that their services would be no
fonger' required. No specific charges
were made that the guards' services were
not efficient and no time was given them
to hunt for other positions before being
taken off the San Quentin pay roll. In
dismissing the guards the Warden simply
informed them that he wished to fill their
places by more efficient men.
2 Those who were dismissed to-day were
S. Taylor. F. Finney, D. Avila, J. D. Ma
chado, R. O. Pryor, M. Powell and J. I>.
Figueroa. Of this number three were
particular favorites of Warden Aguirre.
Their positions during the Agulrre regime
were coveted plums. Their work was
light and the remuneration handsome.
With the new Warden, however, the jobs
were not so pleasant and the work more
laborious. These three, D' Avila. Fig
ueroa and Machado, had (he positions of
night watchman at the Warden's house."
outside horse guard post and inside guard
tower, respectively. M. Powefl, one of
those dismissed to-day, was one of the
oldest employes at the prison In point of
service. He has been employed there for
the past twenty years. Most of that time
he had been located in the jute mill. To
night many other of the employes are
fearing that they will soon receive their
walking papers. film
Warden Tornp&ins Informs Seven of
Them ThatjThglr, Services Are
No Longer Required.
GUARDS AT SAN QTJENTI2T
DROPPED FROM PAY BOLL
"I claim many advantages over .these
eminent men. For yeara I have carefully
studied the subject and I am prepared
now to sustain my discoveries with dem
onstrations of their efficacy and practi
cability. It would not be practical to give
a full account of my system, but I think
that It will be in wide use before long."
"My system of controlling sex Is much
simpler and far more practical than that
of either Dr. Schenck or Dr. Rixt," Dr.
Babbitt declared.
Dr. Babbitt has Just been chosen one of
the faculty of Smith College for women
and he says he will instruct students in
the- manner of using polychrome raya.
He will have a "sun room" on the college
building's roof, equipped with various
lenses.
GENEVA, N. Y.. Oct. 16.— Dr. E. D.
Babbitt, LL. D., D. M., formerly dean of
the College of Magnetics in New York,
declared to-day that he had discovered
that sex could be governed prenatally
by means of prismatic rays of light, cer
tain rays being favorable to one sex and
different ones" to the other.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
be extending the boundary of their leased
territory south of Taesan.
The Morning Post, 1 discussing the
rumors of the partition of Korea and of
the erection of Russian forts "at Yon
gampho, declares that under no circum
stances would Japan consent to the par
tition of Korea, because to permit Russia
to absorb a portion would only be a pre
lude to the annexation of the whole of
Korea. The paper adds that the Anglo-
Japanese agreement provides expressly
for the maintenance of Korean integrity,
and it is therefore unlikely that Russia
has erected forts at Yongampho.
"It was rumored on the Cardiff Coal Ex
change,that both Russia , and /Japan were
seekingilarge purchases^ a"?* Welsh' coal.
'* CabllnfTff om -Tientsin the correspondent
of the Standard < says a visitor • to Yon
g&mpho, Korea, reports one Russian fort
already-built there and another in course
of construction. The Russians are said to
The correspondent at Hakodate, Japan,
of the Dally Mail announces unusual mil
itary activity there, saying . 100,000 men
have ' been concentrated at Hakodate In
readiness for embarkation In' i event f of
hostilities. The correspondent adds that
torpedoes are being laid in the ports of
Western Japan. • • .' ' ,
Other of J the Daily Mail's correspond
ents report the recall - by Japan of Jjj her
military commission which-has been ex
amining the Swiss hospital system,' and
the uneasiness of the Russian authorities
as to the capability of -Port Arthur^ to re
sist attack -from its land approaches. ;
The, Daily Mail points out. that Hako
date is the port which would , be' used • in
the event of Japan sending an expedition
against Vladivostok, and says that such
a large concentration . of troops there
shows. that part of the Japanese army has
teen quietly mobilized.; ;
"I am informed In trustworthy quarters
that Japan has. landed, troops at Plngyan,
at the outlet of Korea! Bay. % It is - cur
rently reported that the conference of the
Russian and Japanese ; authorities has
been futile."
LONDON, Oct. 17.— Special correspond
ents continue to send in alarmist reports
of_ the Russo-Japanese situation. The
correspondent at ChefUiOf the /.Morning
Poet has gone to Welhalwel,"* whence he
cables: .
Demonstrations Will Be
Made at One of the Prom
inent Colleges.
Russian Encroachment Upon
Korea Includes Build-,
ing of Forts, v^n
Hundred Thousand Sol
diers Concentrated
at Hakodate.
Prismatic Rays Said
to Alter Prenatal '
Conditions.
Eastern Physician
Claims a Great
Discovery. '
Alarmist Reports
• Still x Come Out
of Orient.
JAPAN LANDS
ARMED FORCE
AT PINGYAN
SAYS LIGHT
CAN GOVERN
SEX SECRET
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1903.
The San Francisco CallCaptain of the Scottish Moors Goes
Out to Sea to Avoid Possible
Service of a Writ.
SAN DIEGO^Oct. 16.— In order to escapa
possible service of a writ of habeas corpus
from the Federal court at Los Angeles,
Captain Todford took, his ship,' Scottish
Moors, out of the 'harbor and dropped
anchor beyond the three=-mlle limits where
he is waiting to-night for the coming of
the State of California from San Fran
cisco with sailors to take the places of
the deserters. He had three of his sailors
arrested and taken before United States
Commissioner Knoles, wno. ordered them
Into the custody of the British Consul,
and by- whom they were kept In jail
pending the departure of the vessel. Last
evening the captain heard- that some /.of
the friends' of the sailors had employed
an attorney to go to Los 'Angeles to get
out a writ and to avoid Its . service he
got his men aboard I and ' with several
others he had picked up . waa towed to
sea early.- ..this morning. ; He .Is. beyond
reach ! of courts . and proposed j to ' remain
beyond reach until he gets to Seattle.
When a British .Embassador is appoint
id to France he is allowed J20.000 for out-
It. ¦•¦-¦¦ -¦" nM&&£S3£@9&l
Iowa Postoffice Robbed.
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Oct. 16.-Robbers
blew open the safe in the Lynn Grove,
Iowa, postoffice last night, secured J2500 In
money and stamps and escaped.
Army orders: Major Adrian S. Polhe
mus, surgeon, from San Francisco to Fort
Crook, Neb.: Charles M. Mandy, surgeon
and first lieutenant, and George Crabtree,
assistant surgeon, from San Francisco to
Fort Wayne, Ind., and Fort Columbus,
N. Y. t respectively.
Naval orders: Passed Assistant Surgeon
D. H. Morgan, when discharged from
treatment at Naval Hospital, Mare Isl
and, .granted three months' sick leave. .
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
California— Belle Shiell, Tuttletown, Tu
olumne County, vice Elizabeth Sweaer,
resigned. Oregon— Simon L. ¦ McKenzie,
Los tine, Wallowa County, vice R. C. Po
ley, resigned. Washington— Joseph V.
Prosser, McCain, King County, vice Isaac
G. McCain, resigned; V. B. Nelson,' Pat
eros, Okanogan County, vice Jessie E.
Nosier, resigned; Charles W. Moore,
Troutlake, vice William F. Stadelman, re
signed.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— Postofflces es
tablished: Washington— Brief, Chelan
County, Llbble Mitchell postmaster; Ca
mano, Island County, May K. Esary post
master.:
Several Fourth - Class Postmasters
Are Appointed and Other Changes
in Service Made. .
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE"
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
PARIS, Oct. 16.— King Victor Emmanuel
and Queen Helena of Italy, escorted by
President and Madame Loubet,. to-day
'visited the mint, where medals in their
honor were struck off. The President pre
sented their Majesties with the first med
als, and Finance Minister. Rouvier offered
the royal visitors two caskets containing
unique specimens of counters used by
members of the royal house of France.
Subsequently the party proceeded to the
Hotel de Vllle through dense crowds, who
loudly acclaimed the Italian King. At the
Hotel de Ville a reception was held by the
municipality, at which notabilities of com
merce, industry and the arts were pres
ent. The President of the Council and the
Prefect of the Department of the Seine
delivered addresses of welcome, to which
the King briefly responded, i
The city of Paris presented to King Vic
tor Emmanuel, who is a distinguished nu.
mismatist, a beautiful cabinet containing
specimens of medals struck off for sover
eigns, and two ideal figures in ivory and
bronze. The General Council of the Seine
gave the Queen a reproduction in gold,
enriched with brilliants and pearls, of Its
insignia, and a cordon of pearls.
Medals Struck Off in
Honor of King
and Queen.
"It. is not natural to suppose that the
testator making a bequest for Buch a pur
pose would bo distrust his legatee as to
insist that the service should be performed
before the money was paid." „
The substance of the decision is that
th^ performance' of the masses by the
priest in such a case is a duty laid upon
the conscience of the clergyman alone,
and that the legacy vests in the priests
and passes to his legal representative,
who is in a position to claim its payment.'
The case has no exact parallel In the
history of United States courts.
ROCHESTER, N. T., Oct 16.— The most
sweeping ruling made in an American
-court concerning a matter of Roman Cath
olic belief since it was held in this State
years ago that a priest cannot be com
pelled to testify to the secrets of the con
fessional, was handed down to-day by
Surrogate George A. Benton.
The case is that of John S. Keenan, as
administrator of the estate of Rev. James
H. Klernan. Keenan put In a claim for
SGiiO willed to Father Klernan for masses
by Daniel Lane. Lane died July 3, 1S97,
and Father Kiernan May 13, 1900. Judge
Benton says:
WASHINGTON, Oct. IS.— J. E. Ballaine,
chairman of the finance committee of the
Alaskan Central Railway, who has been
before the departments for the last week
on work connected with the construction
of the road, has been successful in his ef
forts. The projected road will extend
from Seward. on the southern coast of
Alaska, north to the Tanna River, 420
miles, and will open when completed all
of Central Alaska to daily communication
throughout the year. It is being built at
the rate of 125 miles a year.
President Roosevelt personally recom
mended to the heads of departments the
expediting of business Ballaine had with
them owing to the public dependence on
the enterprise in the development of re
sources in Alaska. The Postofflce De
partment established a postoffice at Sew
ard, the ocean terminus, and appointed
LJllle Gordon postmaster. The Treas
ury Department ordered immediate action
taken looking to the designating of Sew
ard as a eub-port of entry. The War De
partment promised to include in its esti
mate for the extension of the Government
cable along the southern coast of Alaska
an appropriation sufficient to make
Beward one of the cable's objective
points. The Interior Department gave
final approval -to the surveys of the road.
The Department of Commerce and Labor
has requested the Lighthouse Board to
provide a lighthouse at the entrance to
Beward ftarbor. r~"i
Ballaine Succeeds in His
Mission to Wash
ington.
Surrogate Benton De
livers Important
Decision.
TOO YOUNG TO MARRY,
BOY . LOVER CONCLUDES
Wakens License Clerk at 2 O'clock
in Morning and Then Changes
Mind.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 16.— A young man giv
ing the name of .Joseph Groom and a pre
possessing young miss, .both ;of whom
were well under the 'age limit, made an
attempt to secure a marriage license
shortly after 2 o'clock this morning. Two
of the clerks of the County Clerk's office
were called up about ¦ that hour this
morning over the telephone and asked to
come down to the Courthouse and Issue
a marriage license. Clerk Shilue dressed
arid went down, and found ..the couple
standing on the steps of the Courthouse.
There was a wet fog at the time and the
couple were nearly chilled through.
Clerk Shilue had just got the name of
the young man a,nd began swearing him
as to his age, when the would-be groom
was attacked by a case of "cold feet," and
said he had "concluded he was too young
to get married. The girl urged her lover
to get the license, but he was obstinate.
The couple refused to tell who they
were or where they came from. Groom
Is believed to be a resident of this city,
but the young woman is said to come
from ' either San Francisco , or Oakland.
It is believed, they came to this city last
night on the theater train from San Fran
cisco and at once went to the Courthouse.
No application was made for a license by
them to-day and it is thought they have
left the city. x •
.-¦.¦•--¦:• - _" .
BETUBNS FROM MEXICO
AND IS PROMPTLY JAILED
James M. Laren "Wanted in Los An -
. geles for Perjury Is Caught at
San Diego. '
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 16.— James M. Laren,
who . Is " wanted in Ix>s Angeles on a
charge of perjury, was arrested here this
afternoon. ¦ Detective Phillip J Palamontes
was down here from Ix>s Angeles looking
for f him several weeks J ago, but j he got
wind of the search and skipped across
the line at Tia Juana, where he remained
until to-day. He . left . Tia"* Juana - for San
Diego at noon to-day~ and the officers at
the line, who knew he was wanted,
promptly notified the police. '
While it ! Is not positively known, it is
believed j that the , perjury is connected
with. the stuffing of the Santa Fe pay roll,
the expose v of which occurred about a
month ago.. Laren denies all knowledge
of the perjury accusation and explains bis
hiding : out by saying that he desired to
avoid being subpoenaed on a civil suit in
which he.was wanted as a, witness. He
was locked up and Detective Palamontes
is expected down to-morrow to get f him.'
Steamer Farallon Breaks Down.
" SEATTLE, .' Oct. • 16.— The steamer Far
allon* broke : her tallshaf t in Frederick
Sound '. October , 11. < She was towed into
"VVrangel Narrows , by \. the * United ' States
coast steamer Gedney,- where she remaiaa
disabled. A tug has been dispatched to
tow her to -Seattle. . * '
¦VANCOUVER.;' B. C. Oct. ] 10.— The ex
plosion at the Morrlssey (B. C) mine on Wed
nesday afternoon. > by which . four men - lost
their lives, was due to striking a large volume
of Kan released by. a shot In one of the 1 mine
entries. • The ; men ¦"•* who escaped numbered
twenty. ' ..
Chain r Tin ; Sin of f San - Francisco, who
returned to .' China with- his family, ; - was
one of San Francisco's interesting char
acters." . He landed before the days of the
exclusion act,. a blg.rawboned coolie. He
leaves now with his white wife and half
caste boy,- with $1,000,000 in .American gold
and: securities. •> He r,has» been; .a miner
cook, - gambler., and " merchant, and -¦ was
successful , In ' everything ; he • undertook. ;
-Show deference Xto-' criticism; just or
unjust, one may profit' by] it»|§li|9
LEGACY VESTS
IN THE PRIEST
SEIGEB AND BBITT
AT REQUIRED WEIGHT
Go Through the Farcical Operation
of Weighing In Although Not
Intending to Fight.
Jimmy Britt and Charley Seiger. the
boxers, weighed in yesterday at 6 o'clock
and saved their forfeits. The fact that
Britt spent the day In a hammara bath"
to get down to weight and that he Is on
crutches did not seem incongruous to th«
Californian.
Britt had lived up to the letter of h *
contract with the San Francisco Athlet'e
Club even if he had not fulfilled its spirit.
It served to show how loosely drawn the
articles were when a disabled boxer could
go through the hollow mockery of weigh
ing in for a fight in which he could not
take part.
Britt was particularly unfortunate. In
getting Injured, as his friends believe he
would have found Seiger an easy mark.
This did not justify him, however, in
the course he pursued. The more sports
manlike plan would have been to ac
knowledge his InabiUty to fulfill his con
tract and then to make the best possible
arrangement. Britt weighed at the bath3
while Seiger stepped on the scales at
Corbetfs. Each weighed about 132.
pounds.
If Brltt's foot continnes to improve the
fight will be held on the 23th test. Rufe
Turner will be here to-morrow ready to
take the place of either man if neces
sary. • " ¦ .
COMPANY EASILY FILLS
PLACES OF THE STRIKERS
Express Messengers in Rocky Moun
tain District Have Not Beon
v % Called Out.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 16.— The strike begun
here last night by the Pacific Express
Company messengers has not interfered
with the transaction of business to any
considerable extent, according to a state
ment made by General Superintendent G.
F. • Gentsch to-night. Superintendent
Gentsch'sald that business was running
along almost as usual and there is an
overplus of men applying for the vacan
cies, which are now practically all i.tled.
Gentsch further stated tnat he had re
ceived word to-day that no strikes have
been called among the employes in the
Rocky Mountain district, and that the
strikes which were called last night are
of small Importance.
Shoots Himself in Mouth With Rifle.
RED BLUFF, Oct. 16.— Word reached
here to-day from Vina, twenty miles
south, of the suicide of Simon Freeze, a
well-known butcher, at his slaughter
house, two.mlles from Vlria. He used a
rifle to accomplish his purpose, shooting
himself in the mouth. Freeze leaves a
wife. No cause for the suicide Is as
signed.
Waterboy May Be Sent West."
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. IS.— The report
Is current here that Waterboy, the famous
race horse, will be sent to J. B. Haggin's
Rancho del Paso, near Sacramento, Cal.
VETERA1T BADLY WOUNDS
- TWO OF HIS OLD C02LBADES
Slashes Them With a Knife and
Cuts One of Them in Seven
teen Places. \V
VALLEJO. Oct. 16.— Richard Dunphy,
an armless veteran of the Civil War, who
is well known throughout the Pacific
Coast, was stabbed seventeen times this
evening by Daniel O'Sulllvan. another
veteran. Michael Dorsey, still another
veteran, waa cut above the heart by
O'Sulllvan. but his wound 13 not deemed
serious. Dunphy was badly slashed on
the face, neck and body and Is weak
from loss of blood. The physicians at
tending him believe, however, that he will
recover.
The three men had been drinking to
gether at the O'Sulllvan home- and were
all considerably under the Influence of
liquor when the affray occurred. It la
not known what caused the auarrel, but
it is believed that th* men disagreed over
some Incident of the Civil War.
After the cutting O'Sulllvan tried to get
away, but waa held at bay by a neighbor,
who covered him with a shotgun until an
officer arrived and took him Into custody.
Bismarck's Statue.
Bismarck's monument for the new Ber
lin Cathedral has at last attained Its final
shape. The Iron Chancellor is .to be rep
resented as a German knight of the Mid
dle Ages. At first the Kaiser was in
clined toward a cuirassier uniform, and
considered also the suggestion of a sculp
tor that Bismarck should appear as a
Reman Senator, but only to reject It.
When the Kaiser was Inspecting the
model the architect of the cathedral ven
tured to remark that Bismarck looked
rather ; like a protector (huter) of the
Hohenzollerns. • The Kaiser at once re
plied: "Nonsense; we Hohenzollerns re
quire no protector. We protect our
selves."—New York Times.
Pauline Vander Suit Dismissed.
SAN .JOSE, Oct. 16.— Pauline Vander's
suit against the estate of the late Wil
liam Matthews, a pioneer attorney of thla
city and State, for an alleged endowment
for a home for friendless boys, was dis
missed to-day by Judge Lelb. The woman
claimed that some years ago Matthews
promised her C0.00O to aid in the estab
lishment of a boys* home In Fresno Coun
ty, and that under the belief that she
would get the money at his death 'she ex
pended over- JIO, 000 In the work. When
Matthews' will was admitted to probate
no mention of the money it is alleged he
promised for the home was mentioned.
In granting the dismissal of the case the
court held that the suit was barred by
the . statute of limitation.
PARIS, Oct. 16. — M. Boeuve, chancellor of
the French embassy at Washington, has been
appointed representative of the Foreign Of
fice at the St Louis Exposition. He sail*
for the United States to-morrow and will ro
directly to St Louis and begin inatalUnJr the
French exhibits. - , ; •
ROYAL GUESTS
VISIT THE MINT
DENVER, Oct. 16.-It was definitely
learned to-day that the charges on which
Brigadier General John Chase of the Colo
rado National Guard has been summoned
before a military court next Monday are
perjury and disobedience of orders. The
perjury is in connection with the impris
onment of Davis., one of the strike lead
ers at Crioole Creek.
General Cljase signed court papers
which stated that, Davis had been re
leased. His friends say he did not read
the^ papers carefully and committed the
act' Inadvertently. His enemies say that
is no excuse for the act.
Charges against Colonel Frederick Gross
and Colonel Frank Kimball have been
formulated by Major Arthur H. Williams
and General Chase. They allege that
loaded weapons were drawn by Gross and
Kimball on Major Williams and two or
derlies. General Chase will file charges
with the Governor against Adjutant Gen
eral Sherman Bell, but the Governor, it
is intimated, will not hand them to the
judge advocate unless Chase should de
mand a special court-martial.
Military Court -Will Hear
Case of a Colorado
Officer.
GENERAL JOHN CHASE j OF
THE NATIONAL GUARD OF
COLORADO. . .
• Dr. A. B. Royal, who attended Rogers
in the sickness culminating in his death
February 25. last, says there were no un
usual- symptoms. The cas.e promises to
be one of the bitterest ever, fought in the
courts of Southern California, and sensa
tional developments are ! expected.
At the time of Rogers' death Rose
Kearns was employed In the house as
domestic. Miss Kearns says she was ap
proached repeatedly by Harrison with of
fers of money if she would consent to
repeat upon the witness 'stand whatever
he would dictate. ,
Mrs. Rogers, through her attorney, A.
R. Metcalfe, declares Harrison' is bent on
blackmail and • that he has made every
effort to induce Mrs. Rogers to marry
him, that' he might get her property.
Harrison, says Mrs. . Rogers, suddenly
"discovered" that he was a long lost
cousin 1 of hers and thus worked his way
into her home. She met Harrison by
chance Just after her husband's body had
been cremated. Then he wooed and wooed
her, though Mrs. Rogers is nearly 70 and
Harrison but 30. Mrs. Rogers declares
Harrison has an agreement' with - the
Eastern heirs that he is to receive a
quarter of the estate If he can break the
will. • -
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 36.— An effort, to
day, by the slighted heirs of the late Ben
jamin C. Rogers of Pasadena to break
his will. reveals a situation possessing all
the' sensational ' features of a sizzling
melodrama, j Death, cremation, charges of
poisoning, alleged blackmail, intimidation
and proffers of marriage having in view
a division of the Rogers estate are the
features. of the case. The estate is worth
$30,000.
C. S. Harrison of this city has called
upon the Sheriff" and District Attorney to
investigate the death of Rogers. Harri
son's attorney is G. A. Gibba and he rep
resents a brother and two sisters In the
East, heirs who were overlooked. Harri
son alleges that Rogers was killed by the
administration of arsenic forced Into
grapes. He asseverates that during a
residence at the Rogers home he became
possessed of verbal, written and collat
eral* evidence that point toward the poi
soning of Roger's. He exhibited a bottle
of strychnine,- grapes containing poison
and a sworn statement by "Dr." J. W.
Dinsdale of Los Angeles, in which the lat
ter sets forth that he was approached by,
Mrs. Rogers with an softer of $100 if he
would lend his assistance to her setting
rm of her husband.
Special Dispatch . to The Call.
A feature of the ', encyclical is that it
is not sealed with the fisherman's sign,
from which it is argued that thi3- relic
of the papacy has not yet been found
since the death of Pope Leo XIII.
Continuing the Pontiff says: "The de
sire for peace is certainly harbored in
every breast and there is no one who
does not ardently Invoke It. But to want
peace without God Is an absurdity, seeing
that when God is absent thence, too. Jus
tice flees, and when Justice is taken away
it is vain to cherish hope, of peace, for
peace is the work of Justice.
"There are many, we are weU aware,
who in their yearning for peace, that is.
for tranquillity of order, band themselves
Into societies and parties, which they
style 'parties of order.' Hope and labor
lost, for there is but one party of oider
capable of restoring peace in the midst
of_all this turmoil and that is the party
of God."
"Some will certainly be found who,
measuring divine things by human stand
ards, will seek to discover secret aims
of ours, distorting them to an earthly
scope and to partisan design.
"To eliminate all vain delusion for such
we say to theift with emphasis that we
do not wish to^ be, and with divine as
sistance never shall be, aught before hu
man societv but the minister of God, of
whose authority we are the depository.
Hence should any one ask. of us a sym
bol as the expression of our will, we will
give this and no other, to renew all things
In Christ."
WASHINGTON. Oct. 16.— The text of
the first encyclical of Pope Pius X
reached Washington to-day. It is dated
Rome, October 4. The document will be
read by Catholics and non-Catholics
alike with intense interest, as leading
Catholics here say it reveals the person
ality of the new Pope as a written com
position seldom pictures the mind of its
author. It breathes In every line an in
tense religious zeal and indicates that
the new Pontiff is reactionary from the
scientific policies of Leo' XIII.
The Pope devotes 6everal paragraphs
to exhortations and then comes to prac
tical remedies, intimating that priests
must he apostles first and scholars after
ward. He exhorts Bishops to regard their
seminaries for the training of their priests
as the "delight of their hearts and to be
careful in the selecting of candidates."
He then specifies generally his theories,
and in this he reacts strongly from poli
cies of Pope Leo XIII. The encyclical
Indicates, in the opinion ot leading Cath
olics, that Bishops created by Pope Pius
X will be known more for their evangeli
cal work than for their learning or sci
ence.
The encyclical is more than 6000 words
long' in translation.
After detailing his sense of grief and
reluctance to take the "papacy, Pope Pius
X pays an eloquent tribute to his prede
cessor and then proclaims his own policy.
He says: "Since, however, it has. been
pleasing to the divine will to raise our
lowliness to such sublimity of power, we
take courage in him who strengthens us,
and setting ourself to the work, relying
on the power of God, we proclaim that
we have no other programme in the
supreme Pontificate but that of 'restoring
all things in Christ, so that Christ may
be 'all in all.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Pius X Declares His Sole Pro
gramme Is That of Restoring
. All Things in
Christ.
Widow Claims «j That an Effort Is
Being Made 'to^Blackmail Her
, and She, Will Resist It
' to the End.*
CINCINNATI. Oct 1&— The evidence
was concluded and argument* were be
gun to-day in the trial of Miller and
Johns for alleged conspiracy to extort a
bribe. As six hours were allowed for
arguments and only half an hour was
consumed before court adjourned to-night
It- is evident that, with five and a half
hours for arguments to-morrow and ad
ditional time for the charge of the Jury
and motions, the case will not go to the
jury before to-morrow evening. The fea
ture to-day .was the testimony of the two
defendants. For the first time during the
week John" J. Ryan was not on the stand,
but Chief Inspector Cochran appeared for
the third time. After being on the wit
ness stand three hours yesterday Johns
was cross-examined for over an hour to
day. He denied that he had told Inspec
tors Vlckery and Fulton when they were
investigating him at Rockville that he
would talk If he thought nothing would
come of it except the dismissal of a clerk
in Washington. Most of his evidence to
day consisted of such denials.
Miller waa on the witness stand from
11:30 a. m. and left at 3 p. m. and was
generally considered to be an exception
ally strong witness for himself both la
direct and cross-examination. He was
cool and deliberate and the court fre
quently stopped him from arguing his
own case while answering questions. His
examination by Attorney Rullson . waa
considered an exceptionally strong pro
ceeding, while Miller afterward was con
fronted ¦with the most severe cross-exami
nation without being disturbed, even in
trying to explain contradictions in his own
statements.
Reaction From Leo's Scien
tific Policies Is In-
Charge Among Other Things
That the Deceased Was
Poisoned.
The labor leaders declared, that those
who advocated the "open shop" were in
sincere.
Josiah Strong of New York and David
Coates, former Lieutenant Governor of
Colorado, were among the speakers at the
afternoon session.
Henry White, general secretary of the
United Mine Workers, spoke against the
restriction of output.
-Frank Buchanan, president of the In
ternational Bridge and Structural Iron
Workers' Association, spoke on "What
Can Be r>one to Establish Better Rela
tions Between Employer and Employe."
President' Buchana* said as long as the
"open shop" remained relations between
labor and capital would be inharmonious
and it would be better for capital if dis
honest representatives of each were elim
inated.
James McConnell, president of the In
ternational Association of Machinists,
talked on the question of the restriction
of output and the methods of paying for
labor performed.
Labor men predominated in the proceed
ings and at one time, when the discus
sion was becoming general, several In the
audience arose and talked on questions
which at times tended toward socialism.
Samuel Gompers, president of the con
ference, however, checked the debate and
compelled the speakers to limit "the dis
cussion to topics at Issue. Tfii: «
Among those in attendance were Henry
C. Hunter, commissioner of the Metal
Trades Association of New York; Marcus
M. Marks, president of the National
Clothing Manufacturers' Association of
New York; M. "Gunn of New York; James
N. O'Connell, president of the Interna
tional Association of Machinists; W. P.
Phalder of Philadelphia; Frank Buchan
an, head of the Structural Iron Workers;
John Phillips of Brooklyn; John P. Arch
ibald of New York; Former Lieutenant
Governor Coates of Colorado and Dr. Jo
slah Strong of New York.
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— Although questions
of dispute and of great Interest to the
wage earner and the employer, such as
the "open shop," methods of paying
wages, piecework and bonus, came up be
fore the conference of the National Civic
Federation to-day, no action has been de
cided upon that will Improve the rela
tions of the principals in the controversy.
However, It Is not considered improbable
that before the session Is brought to a
close some action toward bringing labor
and capital eto^er together may be taken.
A number of the speakers'at the session
to-day favored this, saying the occasion
was opportune.
President. Gompers Checks
Tendency to Wander
to Socialism.
Disappointed Relatives
Attempt to Break
Rogers' Will. '
Defendant Denies Making Al-
leged Statements to
Two Inspectors.
Text of the Document
Is Keceived at
Washington.
GAINS FAVORS
FOR TERMINUS
DYNAMITE IS USED TO STOP PROGRESS OF THE FIRE.
In order to stop the further progress of the flames dynamite \rcu3 used in
several buildings on which the flames were advancing.
As the wind blew directly from the cast, the fire was carried in a diagonal
way from Heron tip to I street, destroying: the residence of "W. B. Mack. *
Telephone messages brought the fire departments of Hoqulam and Montesano
to the scene and they did effective work. All sorts of reports concerning the
death or injury of well-known business men were current. While four deaths
have resulted from the fire, the accidents were comparatively few. At I o'clock
this afternoon the fire was under control.
Aberdeen has a population of about 7000 and the chief industry is lumbering.
Several large sawmills are located near the town, but the fire did not reach them.
¦When the nro had reached the Pullman saloon several men were hurt by a
wall giving way. Among the injured was Chief Koehler, who was rendered un
conscious, but later returned to his duties. J. D. Hansen and Colin McKlnzlo
were Injured by falling walls of the Ki.gle danca halL McKinzIe waa caught
under the heavy timbers and his back was broken. He was taken to the hospital,
where he died.
The other fatalities were at the Mack building, where Charles Rolf*?, a one^
legged man. was cremated. When the flames had completely enveloped the
building the spectators were iiorrlQed by seeing Daniel Webster, a well-known
character, appear at one of tiie windows. Before a ladder coul 1 be raised to his
aid he Jumped. Almost every bone In h is body was broken and he died soon
after being removed to the hospital. An unknown man was killed by a falling
wall.
PRINCIPAL STJPTERERS ABE THE BUSINESS MEN.
It Is impossible to give detailed figures, but the following are the names of
the principal losers:
John O. Hare, liquor dealer, building and stock; J. G. Lewis, building occupied
by Bowes & Thompson, liquor dealers; It. D, Dabney, building occupied by Bos
ton Oyster House and M. Kaufman, liquor dealer; Mrs. A. J. Anderson, building
occupied by Evans Drug Company; George Fisher's clothing store; Olympus
Theater, building owned by Lewis & Lewis; Restaurant Mitchell Franciscovltch;
Ole Peterson, building occupied by D. J. Hoffron and L. W. Walker; Grant
Wheeler, building occupied by Fogel's clothing store; N. G. Kaufman, building
and stock; J. C. Cross, attorney; R. J. Hltz, M. R. Sherwood, Eugene France, C.
A. Clark. N. W. Bush, Aberdeen Lumber and Shingle Company, Colonel J. W.
Toklas, Mrs. J. A. Hood; building occupied by the Pullman saloon, owned by
Harmon & Pearsall, Tacoma; Samuel Benn, building occupied by Salvation Army
and confectionery store; Aberdeen Brewing Company, building occupied by Union
saloon; Mrs. Mason. San "Francisco, building occupied by Gem saloon; O. L. Craln,
building known as the Mack block, where the flre originated; city of Aberdeen
fire hall and Jail building; F. K. Drake, building occupied by Jacobs' liquor store;
Smith Drug Company, stock, building owned by R. T. Dabney; D. E. Lane, dental
office; J. C. Hogan. attorney, office furniture and library; Dabney block, occu
pied by Loggers' restaurant, Drake's barber shop and two second-hand stores; A.
J.Anderson, building occupied by Ole Vanmen; M. Katurich, restaurant; R. R.
Bassett, stock of merchandise; Dabrey & Pearson, building occupied by Hudson's
second-hand store; the Bodega building, owned by Devonshire & Lowrie; R. T.
Dabney, three buildings, one occupied by Lars Shaker, one by Shaw's station
ery store and one vacant; Mrs. Willey, building occupied by Mrs. A. H. Marsh,
millinery; Gabrielson & Holmer, building and stock of groceries, and others.
The flymo« t which bad jumped across H street to Patterson & Locke's office,
continued through every block to the Pacific Hotel, and this newly constructed
building was soon destroyed. The fire then Jumped from the block bounded by
Heron. Wlshkab, I and H streets to the splendid residence of Bdward Hulbert. on
WTshfc&h and X streets. The opera-house, all the material and buildings of the
new hosnU&l association and the residence of T. B. Dudley went next.
"Open Shop" Discussed
by the National Civic
Federation.
Evidence Concluded and
Arguments Are
Begun. -
ENCYCLICAL
INTENSE WITH
POPE'S ZEAL
BITTER FIGHT
FOR THE COIN
OF DEAD MAN
LABOR QUESTIONS
FREELY DEBATED
MILLER PROVES
STRONG WITNESS
Continued From Page 1* Columns 2 and 3.
FlflE IN ABERDEEN GUISES FOUR
DEATHS AND $1,000,000 LOSS
THE SAN FKANCISCO SATURDAY; OCTOBER 17. 1903.
GENERAL CHASE
MUST ANSWER
PERJURY CHARGE
\ SANTA' ROSA, Oct. 1G.— Warren Matthleson,
an Oakland youth, has been found ruilty of
burglary. . He • was a „¦ member J of . the ? Fifth
Regiment which encaraped at-Healdsburgr, this
summer end while ?.•;. there ' ¦ broke •: into l Jacob
Glelchman'g ; cigar store' ¦ and H appropriated
cigars, tobacco and a small sum o£ money.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 16.— Channing
Ellery, manager of "the Royal. Italian
Band, now staying here, is, in receipt of a
letter from Eugene : Schmitz, Mayor
San Francisco, asking him -to allow the
Union Labor party the use of the'Alham
bra Theater on ; Monday night, November
2. Ths Italian Band'is booked to show In
the Alhambra on that date, _but . Mayor
Schm'ltz points out the Imperative need of
himself t and his party for a hall on the
eve- of the election and asks .: Ellery to
cancel his Tlate. ¦" "All the other halls, pa
vilions and ',' theaters In the : city are ; en-,
gaged," reads the letter, "and as Mayor
of San Francisco and a candidate for re
election I ask you to allow us the use of
the Alhambra to hold a mass meeting in
on Monday night." : . . ¦" . -v. . . ..- ... •
The letter, refers". to; the lnadvisability
of performing In " San Francisco > on tne
eve of a municipal election, and adds: "I
would ' also point out that ,'BenV Hur,' ; a
great spectacular ~ production, opens *¦... on
the same night.'' ; .The - letter - concludes
with a hope that as the Italian' Band has
been; unionized it ' help out on this oc-
Mayor Schmitz Finds It Difficult to
. Get Hall. for Eve of
Election;: i:?.
APPEALS TO ELLERY
FOR USE OF ALHAMBRA
TAKES % VESSEL BEYOND
' REACH OP THE COURTS
2
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium, off er will , close on October
30, 1003, and all readers of this
\ paper who desire a cop'yv of this
• household -treasure should^^ not
l'\\ fail' to place their order "im-
. mediately.
: : This splendid premium iwlli
be ¦ offered to Call subscribers at
•the exceptionally Mow. rate of
'. fifty, cents per copy. Out of
v ,\ town * orders J s twenty cents ad-
ditional to coyer; prepayment of
• 7 transportation charges. "^ V ¦¦;¦-' *C .
COOK BOOK OFFER' TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
is worthy of every confidence because it meets every test. In short |«
it is a brilliant production. It has tone qualities that place it in li
the front rank as a musical instrument. Every year adds to its pop- 'I
ularity. The Hardman invariably takes satisfaction with it into' I
every home it enters. I
It is beautiful architecturally, durable in construction and its i z :i
touch and action are marvelous in delicacy and responsiveness.
Call and get our liberal terms. They will make it easy for you
'-/, to own a Hardman piano.
The Wiley B. Allen Co, ,
93J-933 Market Street 7/
SAN FRANCISCO ; / /
Other Stores: Oakland, San Jose and Sacramento •/ /
. - ADVERTISEMENTS.-
£a?t±, JteJI W W J\. Jt^^J JS^^ W^0
MILLIONS*
" ' V
MM "" 1 ™""" B "~ """"" T 'I"' 11 '''" NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— A sale of a seat
on the Stock Exchange at $51,000 was re
ported to-day, as against $52,000 last week.
A year ago memberships were held at
over $80,000.
Stock Exchange Seats Cheaper.
ST. PAUL, Oct. 16.— The Dispatch says:
William Henry Eustis of Minneapolis has
been offered the position of the auditor
for the Postoffice Department at Wash
ington, recently vacated by Captain H.
A. Castle, and has declined the same with
thanks. A letter was sent to Secretary
Shaw yesterday. In which Eustis states
that he does think It would be for the
best interests of the Republican party in
the State to have the auditorship go to
Minneapolis in view of the recent ap
pointment of Eugene G. Hay to the»ap
pralsership on the Board of Customs Ap
peals. It was intimated to-day that M.
C. Fosnes, the present head" of the rural
free delivery, will succeed Captain Castle.
William Henry Eustis of Minneap
olis Eefuses Auditorship of
Fostofnce Department.
DECLINES OFFICE FOB
PAETY'S BEST INTERESTS
Milton C. Quimby, one of the promoters
of the settlement, testified that Dresser
was not allowed to know what stocks had
been deposited. Learning of the. financial
embarrassment of Dresser, he said, he
had approached Dresser with a plan by
which he might be extricated from his
difficulties, proposing to deposit securities
for the payment of Dresser's obligations,
in return . for which Dresser should be
come president of a Staten Island realty
company and be given a large block of
the capital stock of $3,500,000. Through
Dresser's influence the stock was to be
marketed, the proceeds from a part of
Dresser's allotment to be used to redeem
the securities deposited. Dresser consent
ed, and Quimby then interested Alvord
and Timothy Cohalon, acting for them
selves and others, to deposit certain
stocks and bonds as security and to guar
antee a value of JS50.000 to them.
Elmer Alford identified an agreement
signed by him with other guarantors, to
gether with Dresser, to turn over J350.00O
worth of securities, the agreement guar
anteeing them to be worth this amount,
but he admitted that the securities depos
ited were worth much less.
Charles S. Mackenzie, one of the receiv
"ers, testified that he had learned for the
first time to-day that the securities which
had been represented to him as standard
stocks of a market value of JSS0.000 in
cluded In reality stocks and bonds of gold
mining and undeveloped railroad compa
nies, which were worth far less than that
amount.
NETV YORK, Oct. 16.— The hearing be
fore Stanley t W. Dexter, referee in bank
ruptcy, in the case of Dresser & Co. was
resumed to-day. The proceedings have to
do with attempts to establish the value
of certain securities deposited in an en
deavor to settle the affairs of Dresser &
Co., of which firm D. Leroy Dresser, who
is involved in the pending United States
Shipbuilding Company, was head. Dresser
& Co., a commission firm, went Into
bankruptcy and was placed in a receiver**
hands in March, 1903, with liabilities of
$1,105,000. April 6 Dresser offered to pay
the creditors in full If the' business was
allowed to continue,^ offering to deposit
securities of a guaranteed value of JS50,
000 as security.
Promoter Tells How Effort
Was Made to Launch
Realty Project.
Affairs of Dresser & Co.
Are Aired Before
Referee.
DEPOSIT PROVES
SHORT IN VALUE
;.: i,The ¦ last V Australian steamer.' took *. out
over,, 7000; boxes ', of California apples.";".. The
Australians ; are ~; also * great - users . of I gas
ranges.:' Buy. one ; from ihe San Francisco
Gas: and ..Electric 'Co.V 415 Post' street
Cars stop at the office. .; • •
To-day the Mill Valley and Mount Tam
alpals * Scenic . Railway will put j into -"ef
fect a .new. time tableon' the crookedest
railway fin, the world.
four down*on week days and six- round
trips Sundays., Stages . for Dipsea , and
Willow Camp connect with \ trains leaving
San-Francisco at 10a. m. :andil:45 p.; m.
weeks days and 8 a. m. Sundays.
Straight Time, Crooked Route.
LOS ANGELES, Oct 16.— The jury in
the case of H. J. Crocker et aL against
William .M. Garland, a prominent .' real
estate man of this city, has returned a
verdict .vindicating Garland. The plaintiff
charged that Garland had used fraudulent
means- in the handling of ; a certain piece
of real ¦ estate in this ' city belonging to
the Crocker estate, and brought .suit for
$50,000 damases.'^^^^g|imQBg
Jury Vindicates Garland.
STANFORD: UNIVERSITY, Oct. i 16."-
The ,LL. : B. class Yof .1904, :¦ composed of
those law students ¦ who : are candidates
f or .•: the > degree '\ of of laws next
May, 'met : and 'organized tithis afternoon.
'A- constitution" was adopted and the fol
lowing ' officers elected ,; for : the - college
year: }: President, . Edward \W. i Rice ; sec-r
retary-treasurer,'. Arthur f E. Cooley; his
torian,'Charles; A. Cantwell.; v .
Law ' Students .Elect Officers.
The next regular : boxing exhibition ¦ of
the San Francisco Athletic Club .will be
held in the Sixth-street gymnasium on
the 23d inst. The matches made by Alex
Greggains follow: ,
Charles McChesney vs. George Henry 120
pounds: Jack Lenlhan vu. -Ed Smith, H5;.jo«
Regan vs. James Marshall. ' 130; ' Joe Hlfrffins
v». Justin La Orare, 125; Mike Synfy vs. Buck
Osteleter, 130; Pierpont Ordway vs. • Jack- Ad
ain», 130; Ou« Koster vs. Mick Dunne, 175. -.-.
GusKoster .to -Fight Dunne.
Sophomore Grabs the Ballot-Box.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 16.—
.The freshman'closswas scheduled to elect
officers to-day.' The polls were open from
Ha. m.' until 2 p. m., and many a fresh
man, lass or ; fad, in fear and trembling,
cast' his" or :• her first, vote in an 'election
at Stanford.,." But . the verdant youngsters
had not ¦ counted - on " the ingenuity of < the
festive sophomore. When the ballot-box
was well;; filled witH the precious votes
and the Selection officers had declared the
polls closed a wily second-year man," light
of finger "and swift of foot.' grabbed the
box and . started ; on ; a ' cross-country >¦ run
across Uhe quad. So" far as . the freshmen
know; he - is ; running yet, and it is prob
able ¦ that . the youngsters win make .- an
other 'attempt, to , elect' leaders .for ' their
class next ; week. ¦ - • ¦
Nebraska \ Greyhound & Winner.
FRIEND, . Nebr., Oct. 16.— Always in
Front,~a^ Nebraska ; greyhound, owned ,,by
AW B. i Malcomb ; of \ York," Nebr. , 'won , the
all-age I stake :> to-day, •; the ¦ biggest - course
ing ;; event \ dog i fanciers have witnessed
for; years:;" ' .", -.: ':'. *
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 16.— Three ¦ hundred
bags of wool, practically : all of the same
grade,"- were disposed 'of at* the fall wool
sale at » Coverdale Thursday. TheSprlce
was 13 cents, the same price that growers
received last * fall for their crop. Simon
Pinschower and W. T. Brush, local buy
ers, obtained . the , entire > offering at the
figure named. 1 . San Francisco buyers de
parted for their homes previous to the
beginning ¦ of '< the '; sale. Considerable - of
the wool which formerly went to. Clover
dale 1 from Boonevllle, ; Mendoclno County;
has ;been deflected / to the '.wool ' sales in
augurated at Ukiah, Mendocinb - County.
Wool Commands a Good PriceJ
BAN JOSE, Oct. 16.— A deed was filed
in the County Recorder's" office this after
noon by which the Spring Vallgy Water
Works transfers all its holdings to the
Spring Valley Water Company, it is a
bulky document, comprising thirty-two
pages of printed matter. The filing fee
was $51 50. ' .
The document covers all the real es
tate, water rights and other property of
the water company situated in the varioug
counties in the State. The value of the
property is not given, but it. runs up
into the millions. The filing of this deed
is said to be preparatory to the big bond
issue about to be floated by the Spring
Valley Water Company. A copy of the
deed will be filed in all the counties where
the company has holdings.
Bulky Document Becomes a Part of
the Records of Santa Clara
¦,;-\: y County.
SPRING VALLEY, FILES
A DEED OF TRANSFER
VAL.L.EJO, Oct. 16.— Loaded with stores
and provisions and having recently re
ceived 200 landsmen, the training ship
Mohican is lying at the navy yard ready
for a three months' practice cruise. Her
Itinerary is as follows: Will proceed from
Mare'Island to San Francisco October 17,
sailing . for the south the same day. At
San Diego, October 22 to October 27; Mag
dalena Bay, November 2 to November 12;
Pichllinque Harbor, November 15 to No
vember 20; -Magdalena Bay, November 23
¦to Decenfber -16 ; San Diego; December . 21
to December 26; Santa Barbara; December
28 to December,30; San Pedro, December
31 to January 4. 1904; San Diego, January
6 to January 10. returning to San Fran
cisco January 13, 1904. —
She Will Leave Mare Island Navy
Yard To-Day and Be Gone;
Three Months.
TRAINING SHIP MOHICAN
IS BEADY FOR HER CRUISE
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16.— Convicts J. H.
Wood and Joseph Murphy, who partici
pated in the break at the Folsom" State
prison on July 27 last, which resulted in
the killing by one or more of the con
victs of Guard. Cotter, were held to an
swer for murder by Township Justice" J.
R. Brown this morning. -"Convict Charles
Abbott testified '^that he saw Cotter pull
Convict Davis, one of the escapes, off
Guard Chalmers during the melee. The
defense offered no testimony and both
sides submitted the case without argu
ment. V * ; . ', ' ,
Wood and Murphy Are Held for the
Killing of Guard Cotter at
Folsom.
CAPTURED CONVICTS MUST \^
STAND TRIAL FOR MURDER
BAKERSFIELD, Oct 16. — Thomas
Amey, a bartender, was shot and killed
early this morning In a local dance hall.
His divorced wife, Jennie Castro, and two
male companions, Edward Jenkins and
G. W. Walsh, are in jail charged with the
crime.
Amey's wife secured a divorce several
months ago, resumed her maiden name
and went to work in the dance hall, where
the tragedy occurred. Amey continued
paying attentions to his former wife and.
It is said, objected to the attentions of
Jenkins, who is a bartender employed at
a resort. Shortly after midnight Amey
and Jenkins engaged in a fight, in a sa
loon, but were separated. They met at
the dance hall a few hours later, words
followed and Walsh, who was with Jen
kins, fired a shot at Amey. While Walsh
was belnsr disarmed the woman drew a
pistol and fired at her former husband
killing him.
Amey formerly resided in Los Angeles
and has a brother in that city.
Thomas Amey, a Bartender, Is Shot
to Death in a Bakersfleld
Dance Hall.
DIVORCED WOMAN KILLS
HER FORMER HUSBAND
BALTIMORE. Oct. 16.— Impressive ser
vices were held this evening over the
body of Archbishop John Joseph Kaln at
St. Agnes Eanitarlum. When the services
liad been completed, the casket containing
the remains was borne to Camden station
and under the escort of a large party left
at 3 o'clock -over the Baltimore and Ohio
for St. Louis, where Interment will be
made on Wednesday.
Cardinal Gibbons will leave next Mon
"<jay for St. Louis. A -requiem high mass
will be celebrated, at the cathedral in St.
Louis next Wednesday, with the Cardinal
as the "celebrant. /The sermon will be
preached by Archbishop Keane of Du
buque, Iowa. The funeral services In St.
Louis will be lelaborate.
in St. Louis With Cardinal Gib
bons as Celebrant.
Requiem High Mass to Be Celebrated
IMFBESSIVE SERVICES
HELD FOB ARCHBISHOP
In 1887 th« numbfir of fruit trees bear-
Ing Is given as 1,365,735; In 188S the num
ber growing 1,548,779: In 188&_irees grow
ing. 1.590.S60; In 1S90, 2,120,000.
Gasoline Schooner Runs Ashore.
TILLAMOOK, Or., Oct. 16.— The Gerald
C, a gasoline schooner, is on the beach
at Nestucca. She can probably be floated.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 16.— Dr. Jona
than Taft, one of the best known dentists
of the country and founder and for many
years dean of the dental department of
the University of Michigan, died at his
home here last night.
Distinguished Dentist Dies.
The other case was that of Harry Gas
per, a longshoreman, well known to men
employed about the wharfs. At 8:30
o'clock Gasper, who has lived for the last
two years at the house where "Walker"
sent a bullet into his head, was seen to
walk along the Washington-street wharf
toward the water. He approached Wil
liam Sanders, the watchman, and asked
him, "How is work?" Sanders repliea In
a Jocular way, "Work and I fell out a
long while ago." Gasper, who had evi
dently been drinking, answered, "So it
has with me," and walking about fifteen
feet toward the end j of the wharf cried
out, "Good-by" and, drawing a revolver
from his pocket, instantly shot himself.
The act wast witnessed by several men
employed on the Vigilant.
Sergeant Ellis of , they Harbor police sta
tion answered a call / and * had the • man
conveyed to the Harbor Emergency Hos
pital." Dr. Henry Murphy found that the
bullet had penetrated the left lung 'and
lodged In the back. Gasper told Sergeant
Ellis that -he was tired of living. - .
He was later transferred to the Central
Emergency Hospital, where his condition
was " pronounced critical. " Gasper • is a
brother of. Frank Gasper, a well-known
politician. '
One man committed suicide last night
by shooting himself in the head and an
other man attempted to take his own life
and will probably die from the effects of
the self-inflicted pistol wound. Both men,
by a strange coincidence, were from '¦ the
same address and, it is thought, were
unknown to each other. There was but
half an hour's difference between the two
tragic occcurrences. .
At 9 o'clock a man entered the Tremont
House, 523 Kearny street and asked O.
F. Woods, the night clerk, for a room.
He registered . under the . name of
"Wright" and was shown to a room by
Woods. The night clerk had barely re
turned to the office when he was startled
by the report of a pistol shot. He has
tened to several rooms to ascertain
whence .the report came, and heard faint
moans in the room Just taken by
"Wright." He entered and found the man
lying on the floor ln^a pool of blood, a
revolver resting between' his legs. r An
ambulance was called and . Walker was
sent to the Central Emergency Hospital,
where he died later. He was, recognized
as a man named William Walker, who
made an attempt to take his life last
Tuesday by inhaling gas at the St. Da
vid's House, Howard street, and was ta
ken to the Emergency Hospital, where
he quickly recovered. As he left the hos
pital on that occasion he said, "I'll make
a better job of It next time."
Shortly after 10 o'clock Thursday morn-
Ing Mrs. Mendel returned to the hotel
after a trip down town. She looked about
the room for her 1 necklace, and being un
able to find ' It immediately became ex
cited and raised an alarm. Her friends
assisted her in searching the premises,
but the search resulted in nothing, and
it was decided to call the police. As soon
as Captain of Detectives John Martin had
been communicated with he dispatched
Detectives Mulcahy, O'Dea and Bailly
to the place. ¦»
It appeared for a time as if a big case
of theft was'on the tapis. Mrs. Mendel
clung to the story that she had secreted
the Jewelry somewhere about the room
and that It had been taken. The sleuths
accomplished i a systematic search," but
without results, and, soon started to solve
the problem by questioning the attaches
of the house. The proprietor disputed
the theory that a robbery had been com
mitted and urged the lady to make a fur
thelr search. .
At the noon hour Mrs. Mendel was
changing her dress and after unloosening
the folds of her shirt waist was surprised
to see the necklace dropped to the floor.
The police were then telephoned to and
excitement was allayed. The string had
become unclasped in some manner and
slipped Into the dress. Good fortune pre
vailed that the gems were not lost in the
street and that they remained where they
did. '
Considerable of a flurry was created in
police circles Thursday, when Mrs. George
H. Mendel Jr., wife of the assistant sec
retary of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, reported to the detective de
partment that a necklace valued at $15,000
had been lost or stolen. Three detectives
were hurried to the lady's apartments, at
the Richelieu Hotel, on Van Ness avenue,
and the case was a perplexing one for a
time. Mrs. Mendel Insisted that she had
placed the jeweled necklace under the
mattress of her bed and that it had dis
appeared. Later she found that the string
of gems had slipped from her neck and
was- concealed In the folds of her dress.
• In the mutiny twenty-eight prisoners
escaped after a fierce flght with the
guards during which one guard. Wald
rupe, was killed, and several of the con
victs' were si.ot All but one of the con
victs were finally captured, although three
of them were shot in engagements with
posses.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Oct 16.— All
five leaders of the Fort Leavenworth
prison mutiny of November, 1901, charged
with killing Guard *» aldrupe, were found
guilty of murder by a jury in the United
States com t here this morning, with capi
tal punishment, anu will be given life
sentences. The prisoners are Gilbert Mul
lins. Tabor Barnes, Frank Thompson,
Fred Robinson and Robert Clark, all des
perate men and all from the Indian Ter
ritory. Mullins and Robinson had prac
tically finished their terms at the time
of the outbreak and the otners were short
term men.
Five Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, Con
victs Are Found Guilty of.
Murder.
PRISON MUTINY LEADERS
GET LIFE SENTENCES
Fifteen-Thousand-Dollar
Necklace Cause of
Excitement.
William Walker Dies by
His Own Hand in a
HoteL
WASHINGTON. Oct 16.— Porter Elliott
of Minnesota, who was arrested at the
White House on the 5th . inst and who
made a violent attack on the officers who
had him in custody, was to-day officially
adjudged Insane and removed to St. Eliza
beth's Insane Asylum.
White House Intruder Is Insane.
SAN JOSE, Oct 16.— The following In
teresting figures on the fruit acreage in
Santa Clara County are taken from the
Assessor's books. Total number of fruit
trees:
Bearing. Xon-Bearing. - Total.
Apple 18,000 3.700 20.600
Aprloot 839.050 10.940 S49 090
Cherry 12S.110 21,750 149 &CO
Fig 1.680 600 2,150
Ollv» 0.005 4,850 13,655
Pe&ch MW.400 38,200 636,600
Pear 122.850 15,000 138.250
French prune. 8,750.120 368,900 4,117 020
Other prune*.. 48,420 38,100- 86 520
I>mon 369 655 1,014
Orange 970 695 1,665
Almond 15.150 4.S20 19 970
Walnut 8.015 2.300 11.315
Quince 2,150 230 - 2,380
Xectartno .... 795 320 1,115
Totals ...6,144.347 509,060 5,654,334
The total acreage in fruit trees In the
county is not less than 56,000; in vineyards
about BOOO; the acreage in berries and
small fruits Is 1200: in vegetable gardens
500, and in flower and vegetable seed
farms 2000. Between S00 and 400 acres are
planted in potatoes, and the wheat acre
age is 10,000; that of barley 12,000, and of
hay 30,000.
Some Interesting Figures Are Fur
nished by the Books of the
County .Assessor.
RAPID GROWTH OF FRUIT
INDUSTRY IN SANTA CLARA
THOUGHT JEWELS
HAD BEEN TAKEN
DESPONDENT MEN
WEARY OF LIFE
. LOS ANGELES, Oct 15.— A highway
inan was abroad last eight and two at
tempts to hold up and rob women were
reported to the police. Miss D. Walters
¦was stopped on West First street by a
man. who attempted to seize her watch.
She 'escaped by running away. A few
hours later Mrs. J. J. Sullivan was held
up on Matthews street by a young m<ni t
who seized her pocketbook containing $s
end escaped.
High-wayxaen Attack Women.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— The bodies of
eighty-three j American soldiers who died
in the Philippines were interred at Arling
ton National Cemetery to-day. The re
mains were accompanied to the grave by
a platoon of soldiers and there were ap
propriate religious exercises.
Soldiers Buried at Arlington.
DAUGHTER OF LATE DUKE
OF EDINBURGH WHO WILL
MARRY.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 16.— Joseph Gregg, con
victed of stealing a watch from Charles
Rider of Gilroy, was to-day sentenced to
five years in San Quentin. He is wanted
for a burglary In Santa Cruz and has
served one term In prison.
STOCKTON. Oct. 1 16.— Thomas Scott,
convicted of burglary for having stolen
wheat, was to-day sentenced by Judge
Nutter to two and a half years In San
Quentin. Scott's mother, who was in
court, wept bitterly when sentenced was
pronounced.
Felons Sent to San Quentin.
Asylura in Poor Sanitary Condition
. oct. 16.— c. H. Caulfield of San
.Francisco, an expert sanitary engineer,
I "who was employed by the State Lunacy
Commission to investigate into the con
dition of the plumbing at the Napa State
Hospital, has completed his task and will
Ehortly file a report with the commis
sion. Caulfield eays that the plumbing
- throughout the hospital is in a bad shape.
It was done thirty years ago and is com
pletely worn cut, the fittings being ob
l solete. It is imperative that an entirely
new . system be nut in. A new system
'•will cost about S23.000.
OROVILLE, Oct 16.— The will of the
late James Lamb, a pioneer, who died
a few days ago in Oroville, was opened
this evening and it was found that th«
bulk of his fortune of $20,000 had be,en set
aside aa a fund for the erection of a stone
to mark the resting places of the old
miners who may hereafter, die in Butte
County. The" pioneers who helped to
make history for California are fast pass
ing away. Many of the old fellows are
indigent and friendless. 1 Their former
wealth has been squandered or spent In
exploiting new diggings and now they are
coming-in from their lonely cabins in
the gulches and on the bars to their only
haven, the county infirmary. From thi3
time on theirigraves will be marked.
James Lamb was a typical miner, but
found himself with a competence when
he was unable to work. He had no
relatives and of his estate $4500 is left
to friends and balance will be used
to mark the graves of his fellow pioneers.
Creates a Fund for the Erection of
Headstones Over Their Last
Resting Places.
PIONEER REMEMBERS
MINERS IN HIS WILL
to the divorced Grand Duchess
Victoria of Hesse, daughter of the late
Duke of Edinburgh.
Princess Victoria Melita, Grand Duchess
of Hesse, was born November,25, 1876. She
Is a lady of the Royal Order of Victoria
and Albert and of the Imperial order of
the Crown of India. On April 19, 1S94, she
was married to H. R. H. Ernest Ludwlg,
reigning Grand Duke of Hesse, who is a
grandson of the late Queen Victoria. One
child, Elizabeth, was born of the union.
The marriage was dissolved December 21,
1901.
VIENNA, Oct. 16.— A newspaper of
Bucharest announced to-day the
betrothal of the Grand Duke Cyril,
son of the Czar's- uncle Vladimir,
BRUSSELS, Oct. 16.— There seems to be
good prospect of Russia giving her adhe
sion to the sugar convention. Domestic
arrangements hitherto had interfered! but
Russia has now volunteered modifications
which she considers ought to satisfy the
signatories of the convention. Baron
Kerff, special representative of the Rus
sian Government, has been instructed to
explain fully to the permanent sugar com
mittee, now in session, the proposals of
his Government.
Russia Suggests Modifications Which
It Is Eipected WU1 Satisfy
the Signatories.
MAY GIVE ADHESION
TO. SUGAR CONVENTION
tinez, sentenced from Los Angeles Coun
ty in 1S35 to twenty years' imprisonment
for asrault. and Joseph Casey, sentenced
from Colusa County In 1S30 to life im
prisonment for murder.
Those whose sentences the Governor
.commuted bo they shall expire October
19. 1303, are Oliver C. Clark, sentenced
from San Francisco in 1S96 to twenty
years' imprisonment for forgery: William
M. Grider. sent from San Joaquin in 19C2
to five years' imprisonment; Charles Ab
bott, sent from San Francisco in 1SS3 to
life imprisonment for murder.
-While in effect the pardons and com
mutations are the same, the pardons are
given as special recognition of the ser
vices of Casey and Martinez In locking
.the prison gates and preventing a general
outbreak. The convicts granted the com
mutations performed service of value to
the officers, but of a less conspicuous
character than thct rendered by Casey
and Martinez.
Full pardons are granted to John .Mar-
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 36.— Acting on the
recommendations of the State Board of
Prison Directors Governor Pardee this
afternoon issued two pardons and three
commutations In the cases of the con
victs who aided the officers on the occa
sion of the recent break at Folsom. The
pardon la conditional In each Instance
upon the good behavior of the prisoner, to
the' extent that if after the date of hli
discharge he shall be convicted of a
felony the pardon shall become void and
?n addition to the penalty which may be
"imposed for the f&lony he shall be com
pelled to gene out bis original sentence.
Social Dlrpatch to The Call.
William and Verel Redford. the parents
of the dead girl, have resided at Alto
about three months. Redford is the chief
engineer of the North Shore power-house
at Alto and occupies one of the company's
new houses near the electric plant.
His daughter Lizzie, aged 6 years, Is sick
at home, while her elder sister, Verel,
aged 11 years, was taken 111 in San Fran
cisco only a short time ago. The child
that died was ill only about three weeks.
The Redford domicile Is a new structure,
as is everything In connection therewith
Some tanks just to the rear of the home
are used for water to supply the plant
and for drinking purposes. Assistant En
gineer H. E. Walker, who lives in the
house adjoining the Redford home, does
not hesitate to say he believes Mary Red
ford died from drinking the water, which
had been poisoned by white lead.
Others who have been at the plant and
living near by are of the same opinion. In
making the connections it is presumed the
plumbers unintentionally let white lead
drop into the tank and did not clean it
out before the water was turned in. The
father of the dead girl was particularly
non-committal when seen at his home.
He would neither affirm nor deny that his
child died of Brlght's disease, but would
simply refer to Dr. Spottlswood. Dr. Spot
tiswood stated yesterday that none of the
other members of the family were 111, but
to-night when ft developed that the other
children were sick he refused to talk.
Circumstances surrounding the death,
together with the Illness of two others of
the same family, has aroused the suspi
cion of Coroner Sawyer, and to-night he
asserted that he would investigate the
matter.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 16.— Little Miss
Mary J. Bedford oX Alto is dead and her
two sisters. Lizzie and Verel, are reported
dangerously 111. Neighbors and others
who profess to know say that Mary Red
ford died as the result of white lead poi
soning "Wednesday night. Dr. Spottis
wood. the attending physician, vehement
ly asserts that her ailment was Bright' s
disease, and he issued a certificate of
death to that effect. Through his advice
Dr. E. L. Paromore of Mill Valley issued
a removal certificate, and the body was
shipped to San Francisco, where It was
buried yesterday afternoon in Cypress
Lawn Cemetery- The removal certificate,
it is said, was given without the knowl
edge of Coroner Sawyer or Dr. W. W. J.
Wickman, the county health officer. Dr.
Paromore, however, claims he issued the
removal permit upon the certificate of Dr.
Spottlswood and as deputy health officer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JOPLJN, Mo., Oct. 15.— Gordon Allen, 32
years of age, a well-known mining opera
tor, was shot and instantly killed this
afternoon iby Benjamin Aylor of Webb
City at the Aylor mine near Prosperity.
Aylor is a son of J. W. Aylor. the mil
lionaire mine owner. There were no wit
nesses of the shooting. A loaded revolver
was found In Allen's pocket and it is al
leged that he had threatened to kill
Aylor.
Aylor was , arrested, but not placed In
jail, pending the verdict of the Coroner's
Jury. There had long been Ill-will be
tween the men because Aylor foreclosed
a mortgage against Allen nine years ago.
The men met. to-day, became Involved In
a quarrel and Aylor drew a pistol and
fired five shots at Allen, three taking ef
fect.
NEWJORK, Oct. 16.— The "restoration
host," under the leadership of John Alex
ander* Dowie, grarrisoned Madison Square
Garden to-day and completed prepara
tions to sally to-morrow on the work of
the "enemy."
The first detachment, numbering about
400, arrived early in the morning and the
remaining trains followed during the day
and evening. Leaving the ferry-boat, the
crusaders boarded special cars which were
in waiting and proceeded direct to the
garden to the music of their bands and
the singing' of hymns.
The general overseer himself, accom
panied by his family and staff, arrived in
his special train at the Grand Central
station, where, owing to a misunder
standing^ his private carriage failed to
meet him and he was compelled to go to
the Plaza Hotel in a hack. During the
confusion of leaving the train a thief
slipped into Mrs. Dowle's reception room
In the. car and stole a $1500 diamond and
pearl brooch.
From the Plaza Dowie went to the gar
den, -where 'he restored order out of the
general -confusion that prevailed and out
lined his plans in an interview with the
newspaper men. He denied that he in
tended to raise a fund of $50,000,000 while
here and declined to say whether ha was
going to found another Zion City here. It
is intended to begin the house-to-house
visitations to-morrow and the first public
service will ,be held In the garden on
Sunday. " ¦•>.,
Grants Pardons to Two and
Commutations to Three
Others.
Thief Steals $1500 Brooch
From the Wife of the
Leader.
Coroner Decides to Make an
Investigation Into the
Matter.
Gordon Allen Meets Death at
the Hands of Benjamin
Aylor. i .
Governor Rewards Men
Who Aided Folsom
Officials.
Millionaire's. Son Kills
Well-Known Mining
Operator. ,
Madison Square Garden
; Garrisoned by the
Crusaders.
Neighbors Believe That
It Was Accidentally
Poisoned.
GIVES FREEDOM
TO THE CONVICTS
DEATH OF CHILD
CAUSES INQUIRY
FATAL SHOOTING
ENDS QUARREL
DOWIE'S HOST
FACES "ENEMY"
DIVORCED PRINCESS WILL WED
THE SON OF THE CZAR'S UNCLE
Betrothal of the Grand Duke Cyril to the Daughte
of His Late Grace of, Edinburgh, Who Left He
Husband TwoYears Ago, Announced in Buchares
THE SAN FRAKCJSCO CALL, SATUEDAT. OCTOBERS 17. 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Direct Attention to Their
Boys' Norfolk Suits.
<L There's nothing like the Nor-
folk suit for boys. They're good .
for school™ good for play — good
for dress wear too =====
. G. The best suit sold for grow- ;
ing boys. Every boy wants one.
Get it for him here . "==s
CE. Blues and Fancy Mixtures —
with and without bloomers — for
boys from 6 to 14. The prices:
Norfolk School Suits # 'm ¦ - - $3,50 to $7,50
Imported Scotch Tweed Norfolk Suits $12,50 to $I7i5P
ROQS BROS SAY
It is high time you were getting that boy
AN OVERCOAT.
P t£ Plenty of Staple Styles in Oxfords, Blues and
Blacks — also in nobby Tweeds in cuts suitable for
; the Little Tot, the Schoolboy and the Youne Man.
-¦-.- ¦ ¦ . ' - i ¦ ' .
' H ' Mm *' \^W " Cm f ~^W ¦ ¦ ¦ ft: | " ¦ 1 1 -^^EW " m: '
K^ARNV AT POST
• DH, PEERCE'S REMEDIES.
" iSf tindcreigned, proprietors of
' J*"^^I P 1 "- p ? erce ' 9 Golden Mcd-
**^ * ical Discovery, if they* can-
rot show the original signa-
tare of the individual volunteering: the tes-
timonial below, and also cf every tcstimo-
f tual among the thousands which they are
• constantly publishing: attesting the superior
curative properties of their several medi-
cines, and thus proring the genuineness
gad reliability of ail the multitude of testi-
M monials volunteered by gTateful people, in
" their behalf.
Woiild's Dispensary Meoicai? Asso-
' CLA.TIOX, Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y. »f .?-
.THE HEASOJf.— There is no medicine
«qcal to Dr. Piercc's Golden Medical Dis-
.". covery, for purifying the blood. It carries
ofl" the poisens which contaminate the life
ficid. It increases the activity of the
blood-making glands and gives the body
" ad increased suppiy of pure, body-building
blood. It builds up the body .with eound,
healthy flesh instead of flabby fat, pro-
motes the appetite, feeds the nerves, and
• so gives to weak, nervous people vitality
and vig-or.
"About a year ego I had a very bad cough
and feared it would run into consumption, 1 "
wriies Hon. Geo. W. Lynch, cf 77 Mason Street.
Worcester, Mass. "When a severe attack cf
couching: would come en vomiting would set in
Matter accumulated in nose and my tonsil-
were irritai-rd. After reading: cf the wcaderfu
cures resulting frora Dr. Piercc's Golden Mcc
leal Discovery bejsa to use it. -with tome doubu
S3 \o the good it would do ice. I aia frank tc
say. But, after I had u«ed ore bottle I noticed
quite a charge for the better. Ordered five more
bottles and before I had used them all the cure
was complete. There is not novr a trace ol
cou^b or cold ia ray system and my health is
perfect,"
To gain knowledge of your own body^ — in
sickness and health— *end for the People's
Common Sense Medical Adviser. A Book
of 1008 pages. Send 21 cents in stamps fo:
paper-covered, or, 31 stamps for cloth
bound copy. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, 66
%~-:- c» — '"? ¦r..-'--"- • *•- xr
*'4 n|| y^ 1 '-i •''"^Y'l f>*^ tH&j-f^ wr*$PVk i"
Not Hungry
when you shotilJ he mrans disordered.
ncrvrs. which, will lead to nervous
rfroMration Dr Miles' Nervine is
guaranteed to benefit you or money.
refunded. Book on nerves sent free.
i>n v, t .r- Medical. Co.. Clkhart. Ind.
- , --•
The agreeable part of trar v
is in moneyback goods: SchL
ling's Best
i tea baking-powder cpirrs
~C coffee fiivortnj extract* ' sodx
make no trouble for you or you
, grocer.Mt ' is told of ; the Marquis ' Ito, the Pre
mier of Japan, that • when a youth he
wandered about the streets s of ;• London
penniless,- ragged and hungry," a* starving
alien In a strange land.
.-: Stmr ' Aureliai ! Peterson; ,- 2» ? hours i from i Eu-'
reka; bound to Monterey; put in to; land. and
lake on passengers. , ¦ -. ;
Late Shippin'g Intelligence.
ARRIVED. .I '
, Friday,- . October 10.
OAKLAND, > Oct. 16.— The following
marriage *¦ licenses were Issued by, the
County Clerk to-day: John - J. Miller, 22,
and Annie L.- G-razer, 19, both of, Oakland;
Earl -A'.> Hitches," 21, and Mandena Miller,
20,' both^ of rBerkeley; William C. Olsen.
26; and Edith Skitch, 18, both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
¦ The , Oceanic ¦ Steamship Company's ilner
Alameda '. will ' «all . at 11 • o 1 clock • this morning
for Honolulu. She will carry a . largo - number
c£ fasseneers. , ,! - -¦-.¦¦
Alameda Sails To-Day.
The members of the Deujscher Club are
busy making ' preparations for. their ¦ third
annual . ball and banquet; which w^Jl | take
place in Golden ; Gate Hall . Saturday
evening, . October i 24.
Prepare for Annual Ball.
Mildred Is the bright little six-year-old
daughter of a Kensington merchant.. The
other day she was with her mother 7 in
Falnnount Park,- when she saw a dog
whose species was entirely new to her.
That evening she thus described; it to
her father: "It was rone of those funny
ones, you know; the ones that are a dog
and a half long and half a dog high. You
must know the sort, father. . It is a dog
that has only four legs, but looks as If it
ought to have six." ;
. Needless to eay, the father recognized
from her graphic description that Mildred
had . seen , a ¦' -' dachshund.— Philadelphia
Public Ledger. ;:..-
A Funny Dogf.
• BERKELEY, Oct. 16.-:The Board of Ed
ucation suddenly decided to-day to give
the schools , a vacation of a week. ;> : The
board understood that on account of sev
eral | holidays , there would be na midterm
vacation, but the . condition of the schools
and the building operations now going
on made it necessary to declare the.vaca
tion." . '/ ; : ;'¦"';' -¦.:*-.'-; ./¦.'¦'¦ •":;"'; '¦,-':
Decide on. Vacation Suddenly.
Of these 3709' were representatives or
California. ; The other States of the Union
made a total of 4005 registrations and the
foreign countries 190. 'There was not one
State or Territory In the Union : that was
not ' represented . in : the large ' throng = that
in sixty 'days : inspected -. the exhibits
placed there i by „ the counties.; .- v
*. Neither was there a European or other
civilized country ' that did not have some
citizen in the multitude. /
At least 30,000 persons, so reports Man
ager Arthur R. Brigcs. visited the " free
exhibit maintained by the State Board of
Trade in the ferry building during the
months : of August and September. The
registrations alone In the , two months
numbered 7904. ,
THIRTY THOUSAND VIEW
THE -COUNTY EXHIBITS
SIOUX FALLS, S. D., Oct. ¦ 16.— The
Bank of VI berg waa robbed last night of
$5000. The thieves were seen by citizens,
who did not care to venture on the street
which was patrolled by armed robbers'.
Half the money stolen was in gold. The
robbers escaped on a handcar. .
Armed Robbers Patrol Streets.
"I could not.thlnitiQf it,madame. I've
never been introduced to" the caterpillar."
— ThesLyrel;, * %
Jean* A^LacHzetoMax'Andlchou and Alexan
der Clavere.Mot onN- corner of Sixth and Rail
road, avenues,* N\V> 100.T NE * 50, - SE to "Rail
road a venue, ' :8 to beginning, block &5, ; O' N. «£
H.%Tract;< ! ?370O.v;-'--v -/ , \ ;,, .•^r
¦•¦. Max ,' and - Eugenie ' Andichou . and '"Alexander
Clavere'to John ;and Eliza- DlPDel.- same;' $10.
. Anna S. * Swaupon ; to > Dirk; Van ; Itletsehoten,
lot ei4,;Glft Map 3;; $10..'. =.;• \
; .\ VHow dare you speak ! to me without an
Introduction? You ; are certainly no gen
tleman^ sir." ..•". .'.' i: - ,.
Here i the : caterpillar overbalanced itself
arid fell on *her neck.
"Ouch! Oh; take -it off! Oh, please do
take it ; off, somebody !". screamed .the fair
one. / ¦,.,-..¦ .. . , - : ,. ' '? fiffiffliff^fflfElmt
The 'young/ man, was the only "some
body" about,; and he'replled: -
'*: ' A • good-natured young . fellow "was at a
rustic picnic and; rashly. spoke to a young
lady without the formality of an Introduc
tion.* He happened to see a fat caterpillar
crawling ' ¦ on ; her. ' collar, . and ' Jumping
toward Iher, he said: "Madame, permit
in&— r"~ " •' ¦'¦ ' - -¦'.-. '-¦•¦¦'
¦: But, the young. lady waved him off with
an " imperious ' gesture,*, and said : ¦:¦¦ ¦.: ,
Was Never . Introduced.
Unofficial estimates put the annual cut
of lumber and shingles of the three Pa
cific State.* at 4,600,000,000 feet, of which
California supplies 860.000,000 feet, Oregon
740,000,000 feet ¦ and Washington 2,300,000
feet. At this rate It is . calculated that
the forests of the Pacific Coast will be
exhausted in forty years. Shipments by
water alone at Seattle were 064,472,801 feet
of lumber in 1902," "and 506,964,749 feet in
1P0L In 1902 rail shipments to the Interior
amounted "to 562,175,000 feet, and in 1901
to 364,530,000 feet. Portland. Ore., shows
a traffic toward the interior by rail rank
ing next to Seattle In Importance. In the
calendar year 1900 1L986 cars of lumber
were shipped from that port, 13,517 In 1901
and 15,876 in 1902. -i^ggg
Lumbering on.' Pacific Coast.
OAKLAJCD, Oct. 16.— Miss Katherin
Fitch, a graduate nurse ol the John Hop
kins Hospital, has been elected head
nurse of Fabiola Hoepital by the directors
of the institution and has already entered
upon her new duties. Until a short time
ago , Miss ntch was superintendent of
nurse* at Bt. Mark's Hospital in Salt
Lake.
New Head Murse'at Fabiola.
The guest of honor on board was Mayor
Schmltz.'who led the grand march, after
which the crew was mustered on the main
deck, and the Mayor delivered a short
address. After the dance soft grog and
other refreshments were served.
The officers of :the deck were Captain
Alexander Bergman" and Captain Alfred
McNevin, who skillfully managed the
happy crew.
Native Sons* Hall 1 was the scene of a
nautical dance last evening given by the
'American Association of Licensed Officers
of Sailing Vessels. The deck was In splen
did condition and there were Just enough
present to make navigation a pleasure
The starboard and port sides of the hall
were artistically decorated with interna
tional signal flags and many colored elec
tric lights swung from aloft.
SKIPPERS, MAKE MERRY
AT NATIVE SONS' TTAtj,
The committee ordered the preparation
of a resolution calling the .attention . of
the Board of Works that the charter and
two ordinances grives It the power to de
termine the amount of wages to be paid
to Its employes. The resolution also re
quests the Board of Works to jjrive.the
petition Immediate consideration.
A delegation from the Laborers' Protec
tive Union :• addressed the committee in
support of the petition.^ It was explained
that the ; wages of ; side sewer men had
been increased and the petitioners f felt
that favorable action should be taken on
their petition. %
The Joint Supervisors' Committee on
Finance, Streets and Salaries yesterday
referred back to the Board of Works the
petition of the Laborers' Protective Union
asking that the wages of laborers' in the
city's, employ be raised from $2 50 to $3
a dav.
Supervisors' Finance Committee Re
fers Petition Back to. the Board/
- of Works, -
LABORERS ASK THAT
WAGES BE INCREASED
OAKIaAND, Oct. 16.— John . Ccopcr of
this city was married Monday in Santa
Kosa to Miss Mary,Hutseil of Mendocino
County. He haa returned to Oakland
with hl3 bride. They will reside at 1104
Broadway.
Married in Santa Rosa.
• Paolo ftnd .Margaret de Vecehi to "W. and j
Frederikke A. NMelsen, lot on N line of Green-;
wlch street. 137;G W.,ofVan Ness avenue, W
37:0 by N 137-.C; $10. , • < .
. Anna A. Cradock to Adam Stoneherger, lot
on N line of Post etreet. 35 W of Gough, W
31:3 by N C8:»; $10. • r
Walter V. Judge to Adolph and Marlon Val- 1
entlne, lot on N line -of- :Fulton t street, 192:0
.W of Octavia, W. 27:6 by N 120; $10. ..•
Francis X. Fbley to Catherine Foley (wife of
Francis), lot on N: line of Pine street. 206:3
W of Steiner. W 34:4*i by N 137:0; $10. :
City and County of San Francisco , to 'Em
mellne L. Bates lot on S line of Clay street,
131:3 E of Scott, E 75 by S'127:SV4: $ •
Estate of Ludwtg AltBchul (by Richard Alt
schul. executor). to Charles Golinsky, : lot on W
line of Broderlck street, 25 8 of Poet," S 25 by
W 100; $1750. . .
. Mary J. Taylor to George A. Connolly, lot
on S line of Golden Gate avenue, 121 :10',£ W
of Baker, -W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
George A. Connolly to XelHe Clark, same;
$io." - - - .¦...,.,-¦/.- ¦ ¦ ¦ '- - ¦ ¦•¦•
Augusta Anderson" to Sophy. E. Reynolds, lot
on-.W line of Masonic av«iue, : 268:2 8 of Fred
erick street, 8 32 by W 100: $10. : .
Margaret B. Hopkins to Russell H. Hopkins,
lot on S line of McAllister street. Ill W of
North "Willard.vW 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Charles S. and Maria C. KUtredge to Sophia
B. Koblcke, lot : on E line of Laurel street,
82:7^. S of Sacramento, B 60. S 0:0%; E 27:fl.
N 0jO»6. E 12:6, S 25. E 12:6, S 25, W 112:6,
Richard Curtis to Nathan T. Smith, lot on
W. line of Folsom etreet, . 2(50 , N of T\yenty
second, N 25.by,W 122:0; $10 , , . „
Adam Mulr to -William J. ¦Wagner; Jot on S
line of Twentieth Btreet. 105 E of Church, Jb
25 by S 114; $10. - -, ,
¦' P A and M. E. Fioda' to. Alexander .and
Paula (Men. lot on S line of Liberty street,
350 E of Caatro.'E 25 by S 114; ?1O. - /-»¦';¦',
TVilliam C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to Annie
Graham (wife of • Robert F.). ? lot j on^ S- line or.
Day street. 180 E of Noe, E 25,byS 114; $10.
Matthew arid Catherine Mltrovlch to Angela
Gotelll (wife of Mattep). : lot on S 'line of
Twentieth -street. 25-'E of Colllnsrwood, E 25
by B 110; $10. v - '."¦> , ; ? ' : -ll*'/«?
Samuel, and Sophie Goldstein to^H. F.
Woods, lot . on S : line of Bush ; street. 103 :0%
E of Grant avenue, E 34 :5% : by^8 60; $10.
.Rosa G. and Andrew Olsen toGiuseppe Bal
lante, lot onfF- line of Mason street, 112:6. S
of Greenwich,"! S 25 by E 57:6;' $10. ; __^ \
¦ ' Charles R.' and ¦ Edith A. Carlson to William
and Anna Heltstuman. ' lot ion BE* corner of
Eighteenth- 'avenue and' California street,*', i.
03:4. by* S; 96:1: $10.^/. ; _., > „ _^^ ,'• '
Solomon and I>ora Gets to Mary K.\ WTielan,
lot on, W line of Forty-eighth avenue,: 212:6 S
of K Btreet.- S 25 byiW^120;$10. >":.-•
< -* Barend * and - Nancy , E. 'Van iWynen to t Wll
liam'A" Wililams.lot on W line of Tenth ave-
Lu™ 100 N of N street. N. 25 by .W 120; $10. '¦
* M'Ballm to S.»Ducaa Company, lot on NE
lineiof San- Bruno avenue, * 104:9^ NW ?of
Ware street,. NW S0:6%. E.120/ 8 • 25, ;W, 112,
lot 12, * block 7,i Garden Tract: v $10.. * ;
i ¦'< Albert i C.^ Alken : to ; Pierre r and Amelie i Cas
tagnet lot ; on 5 1ST- corner v of !6ixth and ! Railroad
avenue's, NWrlOO.'NE GO.iSE to Railroad;ave
nue, S to'beirlnninB.'iIota 24 and 25,; block;05,
Q'N.' & HATraqt:: $10. : i
; -Emma P.* Clark -to Victoria A. L. Rice.' lot
on ¦ S . Hne ! of - Array . street,"'; 368 :6 .E of : Mission,
E 255byfS>110; $10. "• ' r : / -V - •* .Vs.***
= Pierre, and * Marie Castasne t . and Amelie and
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Speeches were made by Coaches Lana
gan and Slaker. by Professor J. E. Blair
of the law department, a former college
football player: by Professor T. A. Storey
of the gymnasium and by Captajn Stott
of the '07 eleven. The gist of the remarks
was that a hard fight awaits the fresh
men when they meet the Berkeley team
to-morrow, but the chances are good for
a victory If each man on the team plays
the game to the best of his ability.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 16.—
The old chapel was crowded to overflow
ing to-night when the students gathered
for the freshmen football rally. The '07
youngsters were given a "send-off" that
should have awakened 7 the "Stanford
spirit" in them and stand them In good
stead vln their contest to-morrow.
Football Rally at Stanford.
OAKLAND, Oct. 16.— Geors-e J. Stutt, a
railroad man, was granted an interlocu
tory. decree , of divorce from Lulu Stutt
by Judge. Greene to-day on the ground
of habitual intemperance. Mark P. Ke
van was granted an Interlocutory decree
of divorce from Rachel Kevan on the
ground of adultery.
Husbands Given Decrees.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 16.— Milton Blake and
Frank P. Saviers, painters, ftll from a
luiidlng on Railroad avenue and Stan
ton street yesterday afternoon. Blake
sustained Injuries that may -prove serious.
Saviers escaped with minor bruises. The
accident was caused by the giving way
of a roof cutter upon which the painters
were working.
Painters Fall From Roof.
BERKELEY, Oct. IS.— Th© Santa Fe
Railroad, which met some opposition from
Dennis McCarthy of Schmidtville, three,!,
miles north of Berkeley, over a disputecF
right-of-way, succeeded in getting a track
across the land to-day without molesta
tion. McCarthy went to San Francisco
and during his absence the railroad laiii
its tracks over the disputed land. It la
understood that McCarthy and the rail
road came to terms.
Santa Fa Builds Trade
The Grand Jury also took up two small
cases that had already had a hearing in
the Police. Court, but as neither of them
was of any consequence they were drop
ped from further discussion.
Vernon F. Northrup, . who was chief
clerk of this department, has disappeared
and his whereabouts is not known, al
though a diligent search has been made
for him. Rumor has. It that the alleged
shortages will amount to something like
J50.000. • / '
The principal witness called was Doug
las Young of the J. J. Hassell Auditing
Company, who has been experting the
books of the probate department. He
stated that his work was nearly complet
ed and that he 'expected to be able to
make his report to the ¦ Supervisors'- Fin
ance Committee in about ,two weeks. The
alleged shortages cover a long period and
in Expert Young's report there .will be no
less than the notation of some 15,000 dif
ferent items. - ;. < . ¦; \
' The Grand Jury met yesterday after
noon at 3 o'clock and began the Investi
gation of the alleged shortage in . the
probate department of the County Clerk's
office. ':" •*¦>'.'
BEGINS INVESTIGATION
OF ALLEGED SHORTAGES
Mrs. Martha Oatman, who for the last
two months has been circulating a peti
tion asking that Governor Pardee inter
cede for the release of her husband from
the Stockton Insane Asylum, was arrest
ed this morning at 553 Thirty-eighth street
on a charge of insanity. The complaint
was sworn to by her sister, Mlsa Mabel
Feibush, who says that Mrs. Oatman has
been acting in an irrational manner for
several weeks and ha* not seemed In her
right mind since her husband was sent to
the iisylum. #Sst
.Mrs. Oatman is' detained at the Receiv
h.£T Hospital and she will be examined to
morrow. She says her 6ister has been Im
posed upon by the same people. that were
responsible for her husband's Incarcera
tion, and that she "Supposed .the only
thing for her to do- was to await develop
ments. She eaya that Governor Pardee
has promised to Investigate her story. ¦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 16.
May Erect New Quarters.
OAKLAND, Oct. 16.— The local lodge of
Eagles now numbers 950 members, and
as their present quarters are much too
small for comfort, they are considering
the erection of a new and handsome lodge
building. A committee has been ap
pointed to arrange the details, but it has
not as yet arrived at a definite decision.
The committee Is composed j of J. Cal 1
Ewing. J. F. Htaney, C. W, Kohl, C. J.
Hffwman and H. W. Pulcifer. On No
vember 4 the Eagles will give a ladles'
night at Maple Hall. There will be a
short programme, followed by dancing.
The general public will have an oppor
tunity to-night to witness for the first
time in the history of Islam Temple of
the Ancient Arabic Order of Nobles of
the Mystic Shrine one of its characteris
tic entertainments. All previous enter
tainments held In this State under the
auspices of the temple named have been
for Shriners only, not even members of
other branches being admitted. This af
fair will be for the benefit of the Arab
Patrol of the temple, one of the be_st
drilled organizations in' tho State, under
whose direct auspices this event Is given,
which is designated as a military novelty
night. The features will be concert mu
sic, bridge building by a company of. the
First : Regiment of the National Guard,
a gabef drill by a troop of cavalry and
a gun drill by two divisions of the Naval
Militia and the fantastic and unique evo
lutions, by the patrol. There will not be
any reserved seats and those who have
not procured tickets from the members
of the committee will have to procure
them at the Pavilion.
Islam Temple Will Open Its Doors to
the General Public This"
Evening.
SHRINERS' ABAB PATROL
: TO GIVE UNIQUE DRILL
It must be almost inconceivable, even to
mar-y people who have been to the equa
tor, that within the sweltering barbarism
of the tropics there are places where
there Is any quantity of ice and Bnow,
says J. E. S. Moore in Pearson's Maga
zine. Natural ice, moreover, and not the
dirty apology for j it which is manufac
tured, and regarded now as a necessity
by the white people who are gradually
crowding Into the languid warmth peren
nially filling the equatorial portions of the
earth. Right on the equator there is
both ice and snow covering wide districts,
where, as In an English January mid-,
night, "the air bites shrewdly and it is
very cold."
As a matter of fact, If we look at a
spherical map of the earth, or a g!obe,
the line where snow lies perpetually rises
in a great curve, which begins at the sea
level within the Arctic circle and rises
and rises over the equator to a height of
between 13,000 and 14,000 feet. In the Brit
ish -Isles this line passes but a 4 few hun
dred feet above the tops -of trie Scotch
mountains, and it strikes the Alps about
7000 feet above the sea. The Alps and the
Caucasus,' the Pyrennees and the Hima
layas and the desolate Arctic wastes are
always covered with Ice and snow above
certain heights and above certain lati
tudes; but in all these extra-tropical re
gions the snow and the ice 1 shrink and ex
pand as the seasqns wax and' wane, the
snow of the Arctic extending during the
winters over wide areas in temperate
regions, "while from the high mountains
the "snow fields Invade j the deep forests
and the cultivated areas Jn the valleys
every time the winter sets in. The occa
sional oscillation of the snow lines on the
mountains, .and in the winter spreading
over the Arctic snows and ice, have each
of them far-reaching-effects upon the veg
etation of temperate climates, which af
fect the forests as well as the flowers
that grow under them, for they are both
covered up with snow, or frozen out, for
many months In the year. '. ¦
In Places in the Tropics Polar
j Weather Lasts All the
Year.
Mrs. Martha Oatman
May Follow Her Hus
band to Asylum.
PREVALENCE OF ICE
ABOUND THE EQUATOR
QUEER ACTIONS
LEAD TO ARREST
Columbia Lodjre, I. O. O. F., tendered C. H
Wever a ! reception Wednesday evening:. Mr!
Wever.was a delegate to the recent convention
of the Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows at Balti
more. • Addresses of. welcome : were -• delivered
by ..John Goldstone and W. H. Barnes. . The
committee^ that- arranged the reception con
sUted of Louis Fischer, Dr. • Walter Hughes
and "Frank P. Furey.
• . Mr. and Mrs. Harry Akesson have returned
from their, honeymoon . and .. are ". now estab
lished In their home, 2.123 Central avenue
ALAMEDA. Oct. 16. — Miss Octavia Gam
mans, sister of Dr. William E. ' Gammons be
came the bride of Einar Lund yesterday after
noon,*- the wedding ' being celebrated at her
brother's home. 23pc San- Jose avenue The
Rev. William Norman Guthrie of Christ Epis
copal'Church officiated at the marriage. There
were no attendants. , the bride being given
awa#- by her brother. Ferns, smllax. cosmos
and ¦ carnations were the t decorations of tha
parlor '. in, which the ceremony was performed
Mr. ¦' and . Mrs. i Lund will visit Southern *_ Cali
fornia on .their honeymoon and after return
ing will make their home in this city. The
groom la employed by the Alaska Packers' As
sociation in San , Francisco.
Twelve guests were entertained at luncheon
to-day by Mrs. T. Arthur Crellln at her'resi
dence on Jackson street, where cosmos, with a
dainty Intermingling of green, formed the table
decorations. Covers were laid for Mrs. Lillian
Brown Everts. Mrs. J. G. Allen, Mrs. H. G
Allen, Mrs; Will Me«V, Mrs. Francis Dun
woody, Mrs.' Frederick Hathaway, Mrs. George
King. Mrs. .Vernon Waldron, Mrs.' I. E." Nich
olson, Mrs.' Lucte May Hayes, Mrs. Newton
Koser and the hostess. -
• • •?
Mrs. "W. H. Ketcham .of New York, formerly
Miss Helen Uttle of this city, was the hsote-w
to-day at a pleasant reunion . of schcolday
friends, a half-dozen of hec former classmates
spending an informal but very delightful aft
ernoon with her at the residence of her grand
mother,-Mrs. P. T. Walkins. Mrs. Ketcham
has been married thirteen years, and this was
the! first time since her wedding that the
friends who met to-day have all been together.
Those present to-day were: > Mrs. Joseph
I>yer, Mrs. Louise Allender, Miss Minnie Dyer,
Mrs. . Edward Moore, Mrs.' Morris Lyman, Miss
Alice Flint, Miss Constance Meek and Mrs
Ketcham.
• •->:-• *
The prizes, which were unusually beautiful
¦were won by Mrs. F. C. Havens, Mrs. Alfred
Eastland, Mrs. Lander Kedman and Mrs Har
mon Bell.
OAKLAND, Oct. 16.— The card party given
by Mrs. E. A. Heron yestorday afternoon was
an unusually delightful affair, about seventy
five guests.; enjoying several games; of five
handed euchre. - - The decorations through the
handsome apartments were graceful and artis
tic, a profusion of cosmos being used with
pleasing effect.
The affair was complimentary to Mrs. Her
on's Eister, Mrs. Lowell Holden Parker of Chi
cago, who has been here for some weeks and
expects to return home at an early date. Mrs
Parker wore a very handsome gown of pale
blue crepe de chine. Mrs. Heron's gown of
delicate pink with black lace garniture, was
extremely becoming. The hostess was assisted
by Mrs. Gilbert Belcher, in blue; Mrs. John
D. Eby, in a handsome pink and white bro
cade; Mrs. Prentiss Selby, In a. black-and
white silk; Mrs. W. L. Dudley, Mrs. A. F.
Coffin, la white, and , Mrs. Samuel J. Taylor!
Mrs. Heron was assisted also by Miss Marion
AValsh and . Miss Lucretia Burnham, both
young ladles belnc attired In dainty white
gowns. -
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Will Build New Synagogue.
OAKLAND, Oct. 16.— The congregation
of the Synagogue Beth Jacob has decided
to erect a new synagogue on tBe site of
the old building on Harrison etreet at a
cost of $10,000. A rabbi and teacher will be
engaged as soon as possible as there are
now plenty of funds in the treasury for
the purpose. At the last- meeting of the
synagogue the annual reports were read
and the following officers elected: Presi
dent. A. Bercovich; vice president, A. B.
Jlirshandrr, secretary, D. Bercovich;
treasurer, M. Isaacs; trustees^-D. Masco
vich, H. Davis, I. Woolin. B. Markgolo
vrltz, D. Friedman; collector, M. Lerner.
OAKLAND, Oct. 16.— Charles H. Butler,
a prominent grain merchant of this city,
entertained a party of friends last night
at the celebration of his fiftieth birthday.
The evening was passed with music, vocal
and Instrumental, and other social pas
times. Refreshments were served and the
feature of the entertainment was the
presentation to the host of a huge birth
day cake surmounted by fifty lighted
candles.
Celebrates Fiftieth Birthday.
. SCENE SHOWING WHERE BODY
OF MURDERED STRANGER WAS
FOUND IN OAKLAND ESTUARY.
The freshmen debaters will be called upon
to defend the negative ' side of the following
question submitted to them by the sophomores:
"Resolved. That a democratic government is
adapted to the French people."
The award for the cover design for the pro
grammes for the freshmen glee was given to
H. B. Titus f 0C. The glee will be held in Har
mon Gymnasium next Friday night. The pa
tronesses will be Mrs. J. B. Titus, Mrs. Wheel
er. Mrs. Gayley. Mrs. C. W. Wells. Mrs. W.
E. Magee and Mrs. Soule.
BERKELEY, Oct. 16. — The Junior-senior
smoker in fihattuck Hall this evening drew a
big crowd that filled , the place with tobacco
smoke and enthusiasm. One of the purposes
of the meeting was to talk about senior control,
a subject that brought out a good deal of ora
tory, but no definite decision. The vaudeville
programme that followed was offered by A. A.
Kosenshlno Fred Berry. Robert MeComas, I.
E. Metrler,' H. W. Shrieber, F. P. Tatum, V.
A. Llsrda. G. J. Anloff. ,O. D. Baldwin, A. H.
Qriffen, U A. Kistler. L. A. Stelnfeld, A. W.
Haer and J. J. Groom.
BERKELEY, Oct. 16.— The North Berke
ley Improvement Club unanimously adopt
ed a resolution last night favoring Trus
tee RIckard's proposition to Issue bonds
to the amount of CM, 000 for needed Im
provements. Tha club also desires that
the amount be Increased by J10.Q0U so as
to permit the introduction of manual
training In all the schools. The resolu
tion reads as follows:
Whereas. The legitimate dem&oda upon th«
revenues of Berkeley are In excess of the In
cciue; and whereas, there la but one other ef
fective way of providing revenue, b« it
Resolved, JThat the North Berkeley Improve
ment Club approves the Issuing of bonds that
shall adequately and Impartially meet the im
perative needs of every section of Berkeley and
shall inclnde 810.000 or an amount that shall
be deemed necessary to establish and maintain
In the various schools of Berkeley manual
training, cooklmr and sewtns.
The resolution was offered by A. L. OU.
North Berkeley Would Add 810,000
to Amount for Manual Traln
;"-*' ing in Schools.
IMPROVEMENT CLUB
FAVORS THE BONDS
The appointed officers will be named to
day, after which the grand officers will
be installed with the usual ceremonies.
After Installation the grand master will
name the standing committees for the
term.
•Charles W. Nutting of Etna Mills, grand
master; George W. . Hunter of Eureka,
deputy grand master; Motely- H. Flint of
Los Angeles, grand senior warden; Ed
ward H. Hart of Berkeley, grand Junior
warden: Edward Co!eman of San Fran
cisco, grand treasurer; George Johnson of
San Francisco, re-elected grand secretary,
to serve for the fourteenth consecutive
term.
For the first time in the history of the
fraternity in this State, there was a unani
mous choice for elective officers. Those
chosen are: ¦
At the session of the Grand Lodge of
the Free and Accepted Masons yester
day \he body adopted a resolution fixing
a per capita tax of $1 for the maintenance
of the Masonic Widows' and Orphans'
Home at Decoto for the current Masonic
year.
Charles W. Nutting of Etna Mills Is
Chosen as the Grand
Master.
MASONS SELECT THEIR
GRAND LODGE OFFICERS
The third tournament for Scottish bowl
ers, which has been In progress for some
time on the Golden Gate Park green, is
nearing a finish and the remaining
matches will be Interesting to followers
of the game. Of the original sixty-four
players but fourteen are left In the com
petition. At the end of to-day's play
there will be but eight. The men are op
posed to each other in the third round as
follows: James Gray vs. Craig; Mc-
Naught vs. Dalzlell; Joseph Gray vs.
Hamilton: McLachlan vs. Barr; Moffat
vs. Crowe; Forgie vs. Earsman; McLaren
vs. Webster; Cook vs. Eaton.
This is the last day left In which to fin
ish the third round, and as but two of the
matches were played last Saturday there
will be six to-day.
Bowlers in Tournament Games. N
OAKLAND, Oct. 16.— Death to-day re
lieved C. H. Olsen, the ship's carpenter
who was hurt by falling from the mast of
a ship Wednesday afternoon, of further
pain. He lived at 116 Oregon street, San
Francisco, but was employed at Boole's
shipyard here when he met with the ac
cident that caused his death.
He" was at work high in the air when
he lost his balance and fell. An open
hatchwav waa beneath him and his fall
was lengthened by his body going through
the open aperture into the hold of the
vessel. He was removed to the Receiving
Hoepital. where It was found that his
leg was broken, his spine injured and that
he was suffering from Internal Injuries.
C. H. Olsen Dies of Injuries Re
ceived From Fall From Mast
of Vessel.
DEATH BELIEVES SHIP'S
CASPENTEB OF SUFFERING
There were a few witnesses called this
morning for the purpose of rebutting cer
tain testimony given during the trial.
Several witnesses were called to testify to
the character of Dr. Mackenzie, now of
Tucson, Arizona* but formerly of San
Bernardino. He had attended C. R. Lloyd
during his lifetime and testified that he
believed he was insane. The witnesses
called to-day all were positive that the
doctor's reputation was good.
OAKLAND, Oct. 15.— The taking of the
testimony in the Lloyd will contest was
finished to-day and this afternoon was
given over to the arguing of the case.
The matter will not probably go to the
Jury before to-morrow evening, as the en
tire afternoon session waa taken up by
Attorney Wylle, who opened the argu
ment for young Lloyd. He will be follow
ed by Attorney Goodfellow for tho de
fense and the closing speech will bo made
by Attorney Waters for the plaintiff.
LIX>YD WILL CONTEST V v -
HOW BEING ABXHTED
Taking of Testimony Is Finished and
Case Will Go to Jury To-
Morrow.
William Tillotson. Romaldo Romo and
John W. Parsons are the three men who
failed to pass the physical examination.
Aimie Secotte, the fireman who was so
seriously Injured at the Arcata. House
fire, during which Samuel Parker was
killed, was retired on a pension, his in
juries' having incapacitated him for any
Xihysical labor.
Fifteen of the applicants received the
required percentage, but of these three
are ineligible owing to their failure to
pass the physical examination. Following
are the names of the men who received
a percentage of over 70 and from these
names the available list will be created:
Roger F. Ahem, 91.25 per cent: Eric
Kontz, SS.6; Thorwald Brown, 85.3: Ro
maldo Rorao, S5.3: Thomas Pardee, S8.5;
J A. Gunter, 61.5; H. H. Caldwell. 89.7;
John T. Fahy 77.6; John W. Parsons,
75-.C5; William J. Tobin, 73.75; William F.
Kyle. 72.7; William Tillotson, 72.7; Peter
B." Fecley. 72.35; Charles E. Ford, 72.3;
Harry N. McCreehy. 71.5.
The result of the examination of appli
cants for positions on the police force was
made known when the report of Secre
tary Fawcett was formally accepted by
the board.
The Police and Fire Commissioners did
net touch the matter of the nickel-ln
the-Elot machines, which was brought up
at the meeting of the City Council last
night, when the Commissioners met this
evening. The Commissioners contented
themselves with announcing the^ names
of the successful applicants at the recent
examinations, but did not go Into the
matters brought up before the Council
committees last nteht.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct 16.
"It was understood all along that this
masquerade was to be for 'the women
students exclusively," said Miss Talullah
Le Conte, chairman of the arrangements
committee. , "It wouldn't do to let the
men in and we did our best to keep them
out. I am glad we succeeded."
The committee of inspection for the af
fair consisted of Miss Le Conte, Miss
Bertine Wollenberg. Miss Agnes Peter
son and MIs« Lura Bonestell.
It was all because the girls had said
men shouldn't come that they took steps
so the men couldn't come. Everybody
who knocked for admission had to pass
the scrutiny of a committee whose duty
It was to pick out the men— if any dared
to come in disguise. Everybody had to
show first their card signed and counter
signed. Then they had to stick out their
feet to show that \ the shoes on them
were not men's size. Then they had to
exhibit their hands to- see if they, would
fit a No. 5 glove.
Their hair was inspected to determine
whether it was genuine or merely stuck
on, and lastly, their faces were looked at
for any Bign of a mustache or beard. If
the candidate succeeded in passing this
rigid examination it was pretty certain
it was a girl. .Even with all these pre
cautions, however, one or two bachelors
came near getting through. But their
thin disguise was penetrated in time for
one of the committee to call the Janitor,
who promptly bounced the intruders out
of doors.
There were no men among the gay
crowd of dancers at the masquerade for
the benefit of the Co-ed Boating Associa
tion this evening in Hearst Hail. There
were any number of pretty girls and
bachelor maids there, but the genus man
was absolutely prohibited by edict and
force of arms. . . *"
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Oct. 16..
Although notice of appeal to the Su
preme Coirrt has been given. It does not
act as a stay against the Board of Trus
tees. Judge- Greene dissolved the tempor
ary Injunction tying the hands of the
board, and. while an appeal can be taken,
the board Is free to act in the meantime.
Most of the members were In favor of
taking the question up and disposing of
it at once. Some wanted to hold a spe
cial meeting on Sunday, but to this Pres
ident Forderer objected and the Monday
morning meeting was the result. There
is no question that the franchises will be
granted on Monday. .
ALAMEDA, Oct. 16.— It 13 expeoted that
the two franchises asked for by the
Southern Pacific, Railway, which, have
been hung up in the courts for the last
six weeks, will in all probability ba grant
ed next Monday morning.
There was a meeting of the committee
of the whole this evening. City, Attorney
M. W. Blmpeon could not b© located and
it was finally determined to put the mat
ter over. A meeting was arranged for 8
o'clock* on Monday morning, when It Is
expected the vexed question will be set
tled.
The accused destists claim they do not
understand why they should be called
into court upon a criminal charge, but
they admit that it is probably because of
some technical infraction of the law cov
ering the practice of dentistry in the
State. The new law makes certain re
quirements ' of dental . practitioners with
regard to license fees and examinations,
and it is j evident that the State Dental
Examiners have decided that they will
test the new law In Oakland before they
go elsewhere.
No members of the State Board of Den
tal Examiners could be found in Oakland,
and the dentists say they know not why
they have been arrested.
The warrants were Issued without no
tice and it was through the kindness of
the police officials that some of the v pro
fessional men involved were not placed in
an embarrassing position.
The warrants upon which the dentists
were arrested, and on which more will be
arrested to-morrow, were sworn to by C.
C. Hamilton before Justice of the Peace
George Samuels and were placed in the
hands of the police for service, without
explanation.
The general practice of the city is be
fore Justice of the Peace Smith, who
ranks as Police Judge, and why Mr.
Hamilton went before Justice Samuels is
something that the arrested do not un
derstand.
The State Board of Dental Examiners
to-day began an attack upon the dentists
of Oakland who have not complied with
the new State law covering the practice
of that profession. Half a dozen arrests
were made to-night and there are many
more warrants out that will 'be served
upon some of the most reputable of the
practitioner* of the city to-morrow. Those
arrested to-night were P. A. Marriott, S.
C. Harnef, J. F. McMath.C. E. Lancas
ter, Edward Conn and G. N. Heln. All of
them gave bonds for their appearance
and will have to appear in the Police
Court to-morrow morning. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1HS Broadway, Oct. 16.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Late this afternoon George C. • Cole
man of the California Hotel and J. S.
Smith of the Ramona House called at
the Morgue, but were unable to state
positively whether they had ever seen the
deceased before. Both agreed, however,
that the body resembled . in > a general
way a man named William Smiley,
who had occupied rooms at both the
places named within the last few weeks*
Smiley, however, was seen last Saturday
and from the appearance of the body it
must have been in the water a much
longer time than the six days that have
elapsed since then.
Careful examination of the skull shows
no Indication' of a blow having been
struck. The hair was entirely gone and
the face past all recognition. Had the
man cut his own throat it is inconceiva-.
ble how he could have weighted the body
in themanner in which it was found and
then found his way into the water. There
is nothing in the appearance of the body
to indicate that robbery could have been
the motive that prompted,, murder. The
police are still in hopes "that the body
will be identified and the mystery in some
way cleared up.
The Newland House, Old Kentucky,
Tobrlner'a drug store, Ramona House and
the St. Louis saloon were some , of the
places visited, but if he was known at
any of the piaces mentioned the detec
tives failed to establish the fact. •
The body waa dressed in a suit of dark
material and the shoes were nearly new.
In the pockets were found some tobacco,
a knife, matches, pipe and a memoran
dum book containing addresses. The last
is really the only clew that the police
have to work on. In the book there are
several addresses of lodging-houses, and
with the idea that he might possibly have
stopped at some of them detectives made
inquiries along this* line. '.
Adams wharf to-day. There was
an ugly gash in the throat that leads to
the belief that a foul deed has been com
mitted. The remains, however, have been
in the water -for such; a length of time
that it is impossible, to reach an opinion
as to the cause of death.
The body was found by three boys-^-Joe
Kelher of 658 Alice street, Joe Perry and
Arthur Whittaker of Sixth avenue. They
were unable to throw any light on the
affair. - . ' -* -• ' -
OAKLAND, Oct. 15.— With a stona
In a sack tied >. around . the neck,
the mangled . body of a man was
found floating in the estuary near
Successful Applicants for Po
sitions on Police Force
Announced.
New Practice Act Is to Be
Tested in Oakland
Courts. |
Vexed Question la in a Pair
Way to Be Settled After
Much Trouble.
Males in Disguise Attempt
Admission, but Meet
Repulse.
Police and Fire Commis
sioners Pass by the
Question.
Dancers at Masquerade
Pass Inspectors' *
State Board of Exam
iners Causes Many
Arrests.
Alameda Board of Trus
tees Will Meet* Mon
day Morning.
SLOT MACHINES
ARE UNDISTURBED
CO-EDS SUCCEED
IN ROUTING MEN
DENTISTS MUST
OBEY THE LAW
RAILWAY TO GET
ITS FRANCHISES
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1003.
Mangled Remains of a Man, With a Stone in a Sack Tied Around the Neck
and air Ugly Gash in the Throat, Are Picked Up in Oakland Estuary,
Near:Adams Wharf, and Police Search in Vain for Ciew to Their Identity
BODY THAT BEARS MARKS OF MURDER
IS FOUND FLOATING WITH THE TIDE
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Get one cake of jt. ,
Nobody ever stops at a
Pears*. soap for toilet,
bath and shaving.
Sold *U*rer the worM.
iiDVERTISEaiENTS.
"I used Cas carets and feel liJce a new man. I hava_j
been a sufferer from dyspepsia and sour stomach ¦¦
for ths last two, years. I &»»• D««n taking medi-
cine and other dross, bn* coald find no relief only
for a short time. I will recommend Casearots t<»
my friends as the only thing for Indigestion ana
•on* stomach and to keep tho bowels ia gooa con-
dition. They ar» very nicnto ea»- _ •- • • •
. Harry Stackley, Mauca Cannk, r*.
Km ' H ™ KM TVa Anwala
CANDY CATHARTIC gj*^
kv : " ; ' . ¦ .
Pleasant, Palat»bl», Potent, Tast« Good. Do Good.
Never Sicken, Weaken or Grip«. lOc. Be, SOc. Neve*
¦old in balk. The genuine tablet stamped CCC.
Guaranteed to care or jour money basic.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 599
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
; - . ¦
INFLAMED GUMS TREATED
And «»«d- Eoosy te«U» «trengUien«d.* ¦ DU-V
a v^?o ??2^?r n -cSi "le .mouth made healthp-4
??J?vT^i O ? Free * ¦ PAINLESS MethodXJ
CLEANING Free. GRADUATES Only.
Week days, 9 to 9. Sundays, 0 to 1.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAI. COiLEOS
San Pranciaco — 3 Taylor Street.
' Oakland — 973 Washington Street.
Saa. Jose-— 45 East Santa GLu» Str*** -A number of New Yorkers have re
ceived from Engjand in s the past week
what appears to be a written letter, al
though it la in reality a copy reproduced
by mechanical means. Inclosed with it is
the visiting card of an English Baron.
The nobleman writes .cordially to the
New Yorkers receiving his letter, sug
gesting that they join him in a cruise to
the East on one of the large trans-Atlan
tic liners which "a steamship company is
to fit out especially for the purpose. This
trip has been organized, he writes, In con
nection with "the parliamentary visit to
Canada arranged by: Mr. , M.
P., In; the House of Commons and by me
in !the House of Lords."
The details of this journey, which doas
not differ from the excursion parties fre
quently organized nowadays, are recited
in the letter and the price of the tickets
is given. To this "circular Is appended an
imitation of his lordship's autograph after
the phrase, "Yours faithfully."
New, Yorkers have heard of the way In
which some members of the English aris
tocracy use "their titles for. advertising
any enterprise that pays them, but no ex
ample of the system so striking as the
present one has been seen here. The no
bleman who sent his card so freely to this
country did not mention one thing that
would : explain \ the use"*of a noble Baron's
name In connection . with an excursion to
the'Orieht. That is that he is a regular
employe of the company organizing the
trip. / ..: v . .• ;,
-There Is no Question of his rank; He
does not,- of , course. Imply; in* his letter
that he is in the employ of the steamship
company,' as : that might destroy ' the * ef
fect • of ; this ; exclusive . communication.
Getting a letter; from a ; noble lord is so
uncommon ; for Americans, the steamship
owners i seem ': to ; reason, that ¦ they »* must
take . pleasure out of It under any circum
stances. — New York . Sun.
Nobleman's Name Used to Boom an
Excursion to the ".
vjneiix.
BRITISH BARON
TOUTS FOR TRADE
ENTHUSIASTIC FOR CROCKER.
Gterman-American Republican Club
Strongly Indorses Republi
can Ticket. :.
An enthusiastic meetins of the German-
American Republican Club was held last
night at Odeon Hall,' 106 O'Farrell street.
The capacity of the hall was taxed to its
utmost by the members present, and
many letters from promlnept men who
also belong to the organization vrere read,
regretting their-' inability to be' present
and expressing their, utmost adherence to
the purposes for which the club was aim
ing,-namely, the election of. Henry J.
Crocker for Mayor and the entire Repub
lican ticket behind him. j •
An amusing Instance- of the .vehemence
of misrepresentation that; is being adopt
ed, by the opposing parties was developed
at the meeting. A" card was received from
C. Stader, who has been advertised wide
ly in the . press as opposing the Republi
can ticket and- as being financial; secre
tary of : the ' German ¦, Democratic" Club;
who asked that his : name ¦ bo : enrolled -as
al member of . the ' German-American "Re
publican Club, .declaring that his sympa
thies were entirely, with the Republican
ticket in this fight.
; Colonel - Robert Wleneke was '-. chairman
of the meeting and the ' principal speakers
were ". Dr.'* Brunei" Charles Alpers, . c. . B.
Rodef , Judge Joachimsen " and A. , E,* Rat
ter, , : ..The'addresses were all made in Ger
man. f The;" speakers ; adverted \ to ; the
strong: representation on the Republican
. ticket of ; German" born and I German : de
scended candidates and urged every mem
ber * of v the '.' club ' ' to "support the "entire
• "If that, is the way. Schmitz proposes
to use the police force to; make, citizens
stay . at • his meetings,'' ' said ono ; angry
citizen, "I don't propose th vote for, him.
Bierman got his- order to keep the peo-
"Pull the door open!" cried a dozen men,
and Bierman was seized and -pulled away
from tho door and the crowd surged down
the stairs Into the street.
/The fact that Mayor Schmitz had ad
dressed a large . meeting on ¦ the manner
In which he had refused to allow . tho
police to be used on street ~ cars during
the, strike of the street car employes only
served to incense the people at the in
solent conduct of Policeman Bienuan.
"No one can leave the hall until the
meeting is over," was Bierman's , reply.
To the newspaper men who demanded
that they be allowed to leave the building
Bierman turned a deaf ear and then de
manded to see. the credentials of the
writers.
"Open that door!" "What do you mean
by keeping us here?" were the angry cries
that followed Blerman's unwarranted con
duct.
The disgraceful conduct of Policeman F.
Bierman, who was recently appointed to
the police force and given star No. 639.
was the cause of trouble last night at
one of Mayor Schmitz's meetings, held
at Mascot Hall, Golden Gate avenue, near
Buchanan street.
In a manner savoring of "a tyrannical
South American dictator. Policeman Bier
man refused to allow citizens to leave
the hall where Mayor Schmitz spoke and
it was not until the insolent ''guardian' of
the peace" was forced from the door that
Indignant citizens were able to leave the
building.
Mayor Schmitz arrived at Mascot Hall
at 10 o'clock and spoke for twenty min
utes. After he closed his speech a num
ber of people, including the newspaper
representatives, started to leave the build-
Ing while Dr. Dillon was beginning, to
speak.
A dozen people had left the hall, when
some one told Policeman Bierman not to
allow any one to leave until the meet
ing was over. Bierman forced the door
shut and positively refused to open it
again. He placed his back to the, door
and roughiy forced men away from him
who desired to so out.
Citizens at Schmitz Meeting Not
Allowed to Leave.
KEPT IN BY POLICEMEN.
The entire city is beautirully decorated
and illuminated with thousands of elec
tric lights. One thousand dollars' woilh
of firt-works will be set off and' all busi
ness men report their places "open," as
everything is to be free. Hon. Governor
Pardee arrived this afternoon and will
address the people, as also will Hon. Wil
liam Alford of the Board of Equalizers,
Mayor Snyder of Los Angeles, Hon. W. C.
Smyth, Hon. E. Wright' of the famous
"Wright Irrigation law," anoYA. J. Pills
bury of the bond liquidation committee.
TULARE, Oct. 16.— Preparations are.
now completed for the great bond-burn
ing event to-morrow, whlcn will be the
most extensive celebration of any kind
held by any interior city of the Statrv
The main feature will be the burning of
5700,000 worth of > redeemed' irrigation
bonds., It will mark the beginning of a
new era In the history of Tulare County.
tions to Celebrate the Event in
a Fitting Manner.
TTTLARE IS NOW READY •
TO BURN REDEEMED BONDS
Citizens Make Extensive Prepara-
3peeeche3 were made at both Labor
meetings by other candidates of the
party.
At the Potrero Opera-houso Mayor
Schmitz addressed a large number of
men and he was given a warm welcome.
The Mayor designated the campaigning
of his opponents as. "dirty work" and
claimed that not a single vote would be
lost to him on account of the statements
made arainst him.
The Mavor said that Lane's candidacy
for election was simply a ruse to draw
sufficient votes from the Labor Darty so
as to insure the election of Henry J.
Crocker. The Mayor repeated the gist of
his former speeches by declaring . that
San Francisco had flourished despite the
election of a Labor Mayor an.l that If
he was again given office he would have
time to carry out long -cherished plans.
Just what the plans were Schmitz did not
state. .¦¦» . ' " .
Mayor Schmitz's speech at Mascot Hall
was mainly devoted to the, manner .In
which the 1 street car strike was settled.
He declared that the police were to pro
tect life and property and not to be used
for the benefit of any particular class of
citizens, rich or poor. The Mayor In
sisted . that his record in the past two
years was a creditable one and that San
Francisco had prospered on account of
his regime. He said that ne did not be
lieve in strikes as they were injurious
to all parties and won applause by de
claring he was the friend of the work
ingmen.
pie In the hall from, some one In authority,
for I heard a man who seemed to know
all the candidates give Bierman the order.
This policeman Is a disgrace to the police
force and he committed an assault on
citizens and technically placed us under
arrest. I don't think I will attend any
more of Schmitz's meetings if this sort
of thing is to be allowed."
Judge Bahrs took another fall out of
Dr. Washington Dodge. He electrified his
auditors by the strenuous way he cam
paigns. His speech was t full of fire and
he was enthusiastically '/fheercd at its
conclusion. Judge Bahrs fatyertainly mak
ing a great fight and It. is -almost cer
tain that Dr. Dodge will receive a rude
shock on November'3. William' E. Lutz,
randldate for*Publ!c Administrator, was
given a fine reception. He made a good
talk and won many friends. The meet-
Ing closed with cheers for Henry J.
Crocker and the rest of the ticket.
This is what we want to do this year. "We
want to show othfr States what California can
do when it is needed. Now I have taken up
some little time and I simply want to say this:
I>et us stick together at the polio this year.
Let us take that ticket and without a scratch
put It In the ballot-box. Let us put an
administration in the City Hall that will do
credit and let me pledge myself right here I
will give every day and every hour I possess
for the city. I will not confine myself to eight
or ten hours a day— I will make- It more.
(Great applause.) . '
to have a great big majority. (Applause.) I
don't want It for the head of the ticket alone,
but rlzht down the line. •
REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE FOR MAYOR AND SOME OF HIS LEAD
ING SUPPORTERS WHO TOOK PROMINENT PARTS IN ENTHUSI
ASTIC MEETING LAST NIGHT AT STEIMKE HALL.
A committee was appointed, consisting
of D. B. Faktor, Robert Lorenz, Charles
Alpers, Fritz Hagemann Jr. and Charles
Trautner, to arrange a mass meeting for
the German voters of the city. An en
deavor will be made to secure the Alham
bra Theater for the meeting and the date
will be given full publicity, so. that all
wishing to attend may have ample notice.
ticket, not only because the men on it
were superior in every way to those on
the opposing tickets, but because the Re
publican party In convention had seen fit
to recognize so largely the German ele
ment and the German Influence in this
city, than whom no better element exists.
Enthusiastic mention was made of the
candidacy of ex-Judge George H. Bahrs,
who is a strong factor' among the Ger
man element of the city.
rasHAT the Forty-flrtt Assembly Dis
trict is for Henry J. Crocket for
Mayor is a certainty. The residents
of that thickly populated district
favor his candidacy. This was evi
denced by the outpouring of citizens
at the meeting held in Stelmke Hall last
r.Ight. The hall was too small to hold
:he gathering. More than 200 stood for
two hours In tho cloeely packed place and
listened to the addresses made by th©
standard bearer and other candidates on
the Republican ticket. A great deal of en
thusiasm was displayed throughout the
meeting. Mr. Crocker's reception was
all that his most earnest admirer could
wish. From the time he entered the
densely packed hall until his departure
for othtr meetings he eras given a most
enthusiastic reception.
Mr. Crocker's address to the voters of
his home district was to the point and
¦won him lots of applause. He was talk
ing to his neighbors and he did not mince
Tvords. He told them of his hopes and
ambitions and of his desire to be elected
Mayor of the city In order that he might
Kive them a cleaner and better govern
ment. Speeches were also delivered by
Fairfax Whe»lan. Judge George H.
Bahrs, Fred Eggers. Ted Lunfistedt. Wil
liam E. Lutz and a score- of others.
There was special muFlc by an orchestra
and sir.ping by vr>lunteers. The meeting
was In every way a success and the lead
ers in the district are certain that Mr.
("rocker will carry it by a handsome ma
jnrity. despite the fact that it Is the home
district of Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz and
Franklin K. Lane.
William J. Dutton presided at th© meet
ing. In the course of his opening address
he dwelt on Henry J. Crocker's fitness
to b<? Mayor of this city. He spoke at
length and impressed his auditors with
the wisdom of his remarks. Maxwell Mc-
Nutt. candidate for Supervisor, said that
there would be no star chamber proceed
ings at the City Hall after the Sd of
November, as the Republican party did
not believe In that way of transacting
business. J. S. Partridge, chairman of
the late Republican municipal convention,
was called upon for a speech and spoke
in his usual forceful manner In part
he said: .
HISSION FOR CROCKER.
I came over here to-r^ght from the far away
TT.'.rty-Sfth of the Mission to bring to the
Forty-f.rst glad tidings of joy, and they are
tliot from one end of the Mission to the othr-r
tbey are going to give Henry J- Crocker the
biggest majority any Republican ever received
in this city. < Applause.)
I see some of the »>?pers have made th*
charge that Henry J. Crocker Is controlled In
(.viain fjusrters and that he was nominated to
prrve certain interests. I am in a position to
rail that as a lie. Henry J- Crocker was nomi
nated for the office of Mayor because a few
rr.'Ti of this district got together and decided
:hnt th<*y niuft nominate some man who would
• :-an out the city government. They hunted
the city for euch a men. Various men were
proposed, but we decided to go forth and find
a business ir.cn. We went forth and went
i.r.ar.d this city until at last we came across
a men who vi< we!l known, decent and eeie
!*-at»<J for handling large enterprises. Then
«¦•¦ wmt before the convention determlad to
propose that prtnc* of pood fellows, that little
plant of the West. Henry J. Crocker. (Great
«r; lause.)
I nm not given to tnaklnc prophecies, but I
want to rropheEy that as sure as you are
bora Her.ry J. Crocker is destined to become
tin Theodore Roosevelt o? the Pacific. <Ap
iilaliw 1 He has the same quality of energy,
he has the pame quality of strenuous endeavor.
he has the same quality of fearlessness, the
fEa;c quality of steriir.;, upright, decent Amer
ican rr.ar.hood, and if you qject him at the
heti of this city and county, if you put In his
power to eay who the Commissioners shall be,
he will clean out the Indecency and corruption
¦ »liich has been too long a foul blot on this city
ard county. <Great applause.) Henry J.
Crocker Is decent, clean and fearless, and if
you e'.ect him- ycu are going to have such a
I don't believe In a. bolter. ' I believe in a
straight out and out proposition. You are
eitfier a good Republican or a good Democrat
You may for a time be'lax. Issues may carry
you away from your party and you may take
up the Labor part. Prohibition or other party,
but t*ie good o'd Republican party, and the
good old Democratic party will be found every
year at the same old stand. Now there- Is no
crime to be In a party that li somewhat non
partisan. That frequently happens, but bolters
never happen lest they are forgotten. I. want
to Impress unon the Republican party that I
cm a Republican candidate and If I am elected
I intend to give thi* city & good administration.
And I believe on m y »oul that we are going
BOLTERS ARE FORGOTTEN.
"When we spoke the other night of offerinir n
silken banner for the district that would roU
tip the highest Republican vote they rJm
"That banner belongs to in." I think t hi
Forty-first will have something to say about
that. (Applause.) I believe that the Fortv
flrst District Is going almost solid for the He
publican ticket this year. When I say -^Li" ;
most" I want to call your attention to som»
things which you all know. We know S
happened to the Democratic party we know
what the "Horses and Carts" had and w«
know what was attempted In the Republican
party, which didn't succeed. The man who In
tended to go Into the Republican party and
disrupt It failed. His name can certainly be
rubbed oft the Republican rolls. (AppiauRe )
Some misguided men who hope In the future
to do something In the way of politics have
followed him. I refer particularly to the peonle
of the Forty-first. (A voice: "Good for you
Henry.") The day will come when traitors
will get their reward. The day will come when
It will be «aid. "You bolted the Republican
party in 1903." ISHBMtB
I am not going to epeak tD-nlght about the
charter. I am not going to take up your time'
1? l «j'' n S yoj of the glorious history of the
Republican party. You know the importance
of this election. It must be a successful one
for the Reirubllcan party, for next year we
will have a chance to vote for Theodore Roose
velt for President. (Applause.)
.rwlfr If °p y e b -S'nning of a glorious
era for ban Francisco. If we succeed In elect-
Ing this Ume such a ticket a* I believe you
will—* ticket like the Republican party has
put up. which I believe is good enough .for
every citlse* to vote for. we will be contented.
\\ e want rr elect that ticket from start to
finish, and vou ceoria of the Forty-first are
Foing to have the big^st scrap of the year!
KT-SS C «^ enS .n° f ,i hC f T t lrt> - eiKhth Assembly
b fine l ° Wl " the sllken
Tou have hcrrd the reason why th» Repub
lican party at this time has endeavored to
select from her business men or from that
class which I represents man who could civo
his time and attention to the affairs of this
city. I am sure they could have done better,
perhaps, in finding some one. whoee career M
better than mine, but they certainly could not
find a man who has more desire In his heatt
to return to the city more good than he has
obtained from it.
REASONS EOR SELECTION.
I didn't know what salary I was going to
get and I did not have the nerve to ask. l
have changed a good deal eince. (Laughter.)
But after being there two months my father
came from the city, looked around and called
iiv aside and said: "What does It ccst you to
live up here?" I answered, "My room rent is
SI." a month, my board is about ?23 a month
and my washing !s about $i a month," and he
raid. '.Vow. we are going to give you a salary
of $t0 a month, and this will be surely more
than I received at your age." I naturally
came out In debt at the end of every month.
(Laughter.) I kept soing, however. I never
missed a day's work In my life. I have never
lx-«-n cut of eniDloyment and never left one
place until I was sure of another. I have kept
this up all these yeers. I have gone into
business and urged my way as best I could,
and If I have been successful It Is because I
have the indomitable will and desire to suc
ceed.
It U not a very long history, because I am
a younr man yet, but I have succeeded to a
certain extent, enough, surely, to show that If
this ciiy fsivc* me a chance to rise I can cer
tainly turn aside for a few years. If elected
Mayor of San Francisco I can close my de*k
ar.d write en It, "So business transacted lor
the next two years." go to the City Hall and
attend to civic business — to the appointment of
commissioners, handle city business and en
courage the different departments to work to
gether In harmony and to do everything I can
10 cive this city a good administration. -(Ap
plause.)
I went to the public 'schools In Sacramento
and to the oubllc schools in San Francisco;
graduated at the military academy and had
my heart set upon a college education. Twen
ty-six years aso It was that my father came
to me and said: "My boy, I had to work for
a living and you have got to," and Instead of
going to Yale I went up Into the mountains
of California and went to work at the lowest
level of the business I was going to pursue —
that of general merchandise.
Sow, I have been a resident of this district
for a great many years. I have always lived
In the Western , Addition and as a small boy
played over these hills and down around
"VVashcrwomans Bay: tried to get drowned
down there and failed, and here I am. (Ap
plause.) •
RESIDENT OF DISTRICT.
The second candidate is a very fine man.
I must rive him credit for being a good citi
zen. He made a pood, clean fight for Governor
and I am very glad to nay a tribute to him.
but at this time and under the circumstances
that now Drevail I believe that the man who
will attend to the welfare of Snn Francisco Is
a business man; a. man who understands busi
ness methods and business tradition; a man
who has proven his merit In the commercial
world: a. man who knows how a merchant
prides himself on the reputation of hi? house
for honesty. Integrity and ability. We have
rjomlnetrd such a man. He Is first on my lips,
his name Is flirt on our ticket and he will be
first at the poll«> — Henry J. Crocker, the next
Mayor of San Francisco. (Great applause.)
Theodore L.undsU»dt, candidate for Su
pervisor, made a good impression by the
manly way he spoke to the voters of the
district. Fred Epgers had many friends
In the hall and when he was introduced
he was given a big reception. Eggers told
what ho had done for the residents of the
Forty-first District and aroused lots of
enthusiasm.
Chairman Dutton introduced Mr. Crock
er in a fitting speech and the friends of
the candidate made the hall echo with
their shouts. He spoke as follows:
My efforts will seem poor, no doubt, after
listening to the orators and business men who
have preceded me, but I can certainly say
from the. bottom of my heart that I thank
the men of the Forty-first District for the
honor they have conferred upon me by conains:
to my houf* and Insisting that I should go be
fore the people as a candidate for Mayor this
term.
Two years ago I had the henor to be aakea
to take hold of this work and It was impossible
for me to do so. Thinking the matter over
and having It aeatij tendered to me I saw
my way clear to put what little effort I could
Into this campaign. If elected I will endeavor
to give an administration that would Justify
your conflder.ee In riie.
PROVEN HIS MERIT.
He makes the excuse that Jlershon said he
would <io better than any one else. The ap
pointment of Morsiion was a violation of the
charter, because he was not Interested In civil
service reform. The man he appointed was
not Interested In any kind of reform — civil or
uncivil. (Lauphter.) If the citizens of San
Francisco shall permit this man of music to,
go bark to the Mayor's chair they will find
the symphony to be one of sharps and flats,
and the sharps will be Mr. Ruef and Mr.
Schmitz and the flats will be the voters. (Ap
plause.)
This ie said to be a business campaign and
we are in the midst of a three-cornered fight.
Three sets of candidates seek our suffrage, but
the situation Is not as complicated as It looks.
Th«-re are three parties, three candidates and
three tickets but there Is one issue, one su
preme istu<!— the welfare of this city and county
of San Francisco. Our city administration af
fects our homes more than it does our parties.
There are three candidates before us — a mu
sician, a professional man and a business man.
The 6r*t has been tried and been found want-
Ing. He may be a good leader of an orches
tra, but he is not a good leader of a munici
pality. There mey be Instruments that he can
play upon, but he should be taught that there
is one instrument he cannot play with, and thai
Is the charter of this city of San Francisco.
He has violated the »>Dirit and the letter ut
that charter tsaln and again. He did so when
he appointed Mr. Mershon in place of Mr. Mur
dock. a resident of this district.
Fairfax Wheelan was presented to the
gathering as a representative business
man who would talk to them from a busi
ness man's standpoint. In part he said:
BUSINESS C-JUPAIGN.
Mayer as you hare not had within my memory
at least. (Applause.)
Standard Bearer Delivers Forcible
Address Before Large Body
of His Neighbors.
CHEERING ENTHUSIASM IN THE FORTY-FIRST DISTRICT ATTESTS THE POPULARITY
AND STRENGTH OF HENRY J. CROCKER'S CANDIDACY FOR MAYOR OF SAN FRANCISCO
Hundreds of Workingmen Wear
ing Crocker Buttons on the
Lapels of Their Coats.
be elected Mayor by an overwhelming
majority.
Joe McTlgue of the Thirty-third Dis
trict Crocker Club yesterday bet Eddie
Graney a $5 hat that Henry J. Crocker
will carry the Thirty-third District and,
of course, the city.
The members of the Crocker Club in
the Thirty-third District are feeling good
over a new Idea which they propose
to air at a grand rally to be held In Salks'
Hall at Preclta avenue and Mission
street this evening. They have secured
from the Board of Public Works a per
mit to have a grand display of fireworks
and the curiosity of Mission residents
will probably be aroused before the meet
ing by the skyrockets ascending among
the hills. * —^.
The meeting will be addressed by Henry
J. Crocker, John E. McDougald, Percy V.
Long. Henry H. Lynch, William E. Lutz.
J. J. Greif, George H. Bahrs, Thomas C.
Duff, John S. Partridge and others.
HOLD RATIFICATION MEETING.
Nomination of L. A. Rea Indorsed at
Washington-Square Hall.
L. A. Rea, Republican candidate for
Supervisor from the North End, was ten
dered a reception last' night at Washing
ton-square Hall to ratify his nomination.
The large audience in attendance was
composed almost entirely of his friends
and neighbors.
Dr. T. L. Price was chairman- of the oc
casion. Among those who spoke were
D. Lowenstein. J. Duddy. E. J. Sullivan,
J. Glaser. Henry Martin, Robert Wheeler.
Henry Sieroty, J. Devoto and I. Sheman
ski. Supervisor Rea was the last speaker
of the evening. He referred to the en
deavors he had made to serve the city
during the last two years and assured
his auditors that the interests of tho
North End would have his best attention
If he were re-elected.
BATTLE ENDS IN FAVOR
OF ALPERS AND EGGERS
Supreme Court Decides Aguinst Con
testants for Seats in Board of
Supervisors.
Supervisors Alpers and Eggers are en
titled to hold their positions, according to
a Supreme Court decision rendered yes
terday.. Coghlan and Walsh have lost
their contests for membership in the
board. This is the end of the long and
sensational legal battle resulting from the
last municipal election.
When the result of th© vote was an
nounced two years ago fifteen disappoint
ed candidates brought suit to unseat their
successful rivals. In the trial court Alp
ers and Eggers were counted out. Eleven
contestants became disheartened and
dropped their contests. . Alpers, Eggers,
Bent and Wilson argued that the ballots
of the original contestants and con
testees should still be counted, as tUe
fifteen suits had been consolidated. The
lower court ruled against the Incumbents.
The Supreme Court says that while a
contestant may have been given moro
votes than an Incumbent, it does not fol
low that both may not have been num
bered with the highest eighteen candi
dates. The trial court is declared to have
erred in ruling against Alpers. Eggers et
al.. and th© judgment is reversed.
This "ends the content, as the Supreme
Court has maintained in other c^ses that
where a Candidate has received a certifi
cate of election and has subsequently held
office that he la entitled to the salary.
Anstralia's Birth Rate.
The birth rate of Australia has declined
so much that It Is now lower than that of
most European countries, and very much
below the former experience of Australl-tn
states. The average birth rate per 1000
of population in the states comprising the
commonwealth in quinquennial periods
from' 1S61 to 1900 were as follows: 1SS1
63, 42.29; 1S66-70, 23.46; 1871-75, 36.83; 1376-W.
35.03; 1SS1-85, 34.92; 1SS6-00. 35.02; 1S31-S3, 32.2;
1S96-1900. 27.62. In Victoria the decline be
tween 1S61 and 1900 la startling, being
from 43.30 to 26.22.— New York Times. ~
Count Zeppelin, who bankrupted himself
•with airships, has invented an automobile
launch which has It3 propellers in the air
and shows a speed of sixteen mlle3 an
hour.
HENRY J. CROCKER is far ahead of
his " competitors in the race for
Mayor of San Francisco. Demo
crats are about ready to relinquish
the task of deceiving themselves in
regard to Lane's chances of success.
It Is universally admitted by all. who have
given the political situation close study
that the contest is between Crocker and
Schmitz. Ruef is doing everything in his
power to boom the candidacy of Schmitz.
Keane, out at the Mayor's office, is work
ing overtime for Schmitz's re-election,
but neither Ruef nor Keane can excite
popular enthusiasm for their candidate.
Sam Rainey and the Fire Department are
also standing in for Schmitz and pulling
the wires to bring the police force Into
the Ruef corral.
Martin Kelly Is doing what he can for
Lane and McNab. The fact i3 recalled
that the Democratic newspapers four
years aso hired detectives to shadow
Horace Davis, then the Republican nom
inee for Mayor. Mr. Davis kept an en
gagement made for him by a member of
the campaign committee, to meet Kelly.
The incident was magnified into a sensa
tion by the Democratic press. Mr. Davis'
admission that he spoke to Kelly was
called a confession. Citizens were- asked
to withhold their support from Mr. Da
vis on the ground. that he was tinctured
with bossism. The same Democratic press
13 now serenely supporting Lane with full
and ample knowledge that Kelly is be
hind McNab's candidate for Mayor.
The threats uttered by Mayor Schmitz
to hold Lane personally responsible for
the circulation of scurrilous cartoons do
rot signify that McNab's man and Ruef's
man will meet in rough and tumble per
sonal encounter. After Mr. Crocker's
election Schmitz, through his attorney,
Ruef, may bring suit for damages against
Lane and the latter through his attor
ney, McNab, may bring counter suit, but
all good citizens express the hope that
nothing like a sanguinary encounter will
ensue.
PARRY AND THE COLT.
Parry Is said to have waxed warm over
Lane's allusion to the Trojan horse, hold
ing that the equine reference was made to
call public attention to the Fire Depart
ment colt. The followers of Lane accuse
the Schmitz-Ruef regime of corruption In
office and the Schmitz supporters charge
Lane with inefficiency and neglect of pub
lic duty. To the taxpayers it seems like.
Six of one and half a dozen of the other.
Schmitz appoints to responsible positions
such specimens as Mershon and I*arry
and then hiesjiimself away t<j New York
to make Democratic speeches. Ruef
practically dictates all the official ap
pointments. The taxpayers have resolved
to oust the whole crowd and elect men to
office who will give attention to public
duty and do something toward the better
ment of San Francisco. All signs point
to a remarkably large vote for Mr.
Crocker. Republicans exclaim: "This
time I will vote the Republican ticket
straight."
Every hour of the day the Republican
nominee for Mayor receives from work
fngmen assurance of their support. This
assurance is gratifying in the extreme,
because Schmltz opened the campaign by
appropriating to himself the entire labor
vote of the city. Lane came next and
asked for the same support on the
ground, presumably, that he needed it.
The workingmen themselves intend to
vote for»the party of progress and pros
perity. Leading men in the various unions
frankly proclaim their Intention to vote
for Henry J. Crocker.
CROCKER BUTTONS.
A good Indication of the feeling enter
tained by the laboring men toward Henry
J. Crocker may be obtained from the fact
that a number of carmen in uniform have
lately been visiting the general headquar
ters at 16 Geary street and filling their
pockets with Crocker buttons. In fact,
every day there are some prominent offi
cers of most of the trades unions of San
Francisco . visiting headquarters and de
claring their intention of voting the Re
publican ticket. Their enthusiasm Is made
more marked by the number of Crocker
buttons and cards they take for distribu
tion. Many of them are emphatic in
their statements that Mr. Crocker will
THE SAjSTFBAIs CISCO CAIiIi, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, J 903.
5
POLITICAL CARDS.
For
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
_|For Public Administrator!
{Republican Homines [
l _____^ a _____ a ____ aa ____ a ___ a
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
(INCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
Fir Assessor :
raiGTIDOIE
DemocratiG HoinineB.
For Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis
3ialnn&a Street Commute* of Present Board
of SupervUorm.
Democratic Nominee
Union Labor Party Nominee.
" ADVERTISEMENTS,
".Especially the
For Bright's Disease, - Albuminuria,' Rena!
Calculi, Gout, Rheumatism and All
y Diseases Dependent Upon a
Uric Acid Diathesis*
, Samuel O, L. Potter, A. M., M. D. f M. R. C. P., London, Pro.
fessor oj tne Principles and Practice of Medicine and Clinical Medicine in the
College of Physicians and Surgeons of San Francisco, Cat., in his "Hand-
Book of Matena Medica, Pharmacy and Therapeutics," in the citation of
remedies under the head of "Chronic Bright's Disease," says: "Mineral
&»• lav _s
_ '-'-HitBB-o umnVfiDCR %*&?? r « om -
Gsorae Halsted Boyland, A. M. f M. D., of Paris, Doctor of Medl-
cine, of the Faculty of Paris, in the New York Medical Journal, August M.
1896, says: "There is no remedy as absolutely specific in all forms of
?&. l*iJ , 9 '?' a "? m P anie <* b 7 a milk diet. In all cases of pregnancy, where
albumin is found in the urine, as late as the last week before confinement, ii
this Tracer and a milk diet are prescribed, the albumin disappears rapidN
con^uSons r '" e patient has a positive guarantee against puerperal
T. Griswoid Comstock, A.M., M.D., of St. Louis, Mo..says&l
unin«Bn_R-£_ss& a _^rs-S
calculi, accompanied by Renal Colic, and always with the most satisfactory
results. In Renal Calculi, where there is an excess of Uric Acid, it is
especially efficacious."
.Medical testimony which defies all imputation or question mailed to any
address. r *
I PROPRIETOR BUFFALO LITHIA SPRINGS. VA.
; GOLDBERG, BOWEN & CO. (I ncorporated), San Francisco, CaLSo the Federal inquiry into the postal scandals is
not over after alL President Roosevelt has ordered
the investigation to continue until the department
lias been scrutinized from the top to the very bot
tom and every offender has been dragged from his
hole. And it was only a short time ago that a sigh
of relief went up from many a guilty breast Uncle
Sam is a hard customer to play tricks .with. ..
New Firehouse Wanted.
The residents of tho. Southern Heights
(Scotch Hill) district have petitioned the
Fire Commissioners ' for an engine com
pany in their" part of the : city/ ¦ Harry
Whitney, a real estate man, offers a lot
for. the use of the department for twenty
years free of : charge. The matter has
been referred to the Board of Supervis
ors. ; >3SlSlHi9HHB9BBJBMHI&fitf9n£
The monthly concert held at the South-
Park college settlement last night was
largely attended and the musical num
bers were received with appreciation,
llother Wismcr, the violinist, rendered
violin solos from Schumann. Godard and
Sphor. "Miss Wheeler gave vocal solos,
which included "The Green Bonnet," by
Guy d'Hardelet, and "Love Me If I Die,"
by Lyle C. True. A solo by F. Gllchrist
completed the programme.
College Settlement Concert.
Italian newspapers express great regret that the
Czar of Russia has seen fit to reconsider his proposed
visit to Rome, and they express a fear that the Czar
was not qu'tc sure that he would be protected from
¦socialistic demonstrations while in the Eternal City.
While it is true that the Czar may have troubles
i-nough without looking for more, it may be that
necessity, not fear, keeps him in St. Petersburg.
Japan is very annoying these days to the Bear.
A SHORT distance ' east of the California State
line lies the growing city of Reno, whose hori
zon is rosy with the dawn of a day of greater
prosperity than it has ever known. One sympton of
its awakening is an earnest discussion of its public
needs. President Stubbs of the University of Ne
vada, L. II. Taylor, the State hydographer, and
other leading citizens took part in a public discus
sion of this topic recently at a meeting called by the
Reno Chamber of Commerce. Much that was said
on that occasion, as reported by the Reno Evening
Gazette, is of interest to the outsider who looks
with sympathetic gaze on the promotion of Nevada.
Particular importance will be attached to the rep
resentations made by the State hydographer. Under
the irrigation system devised for the betterment of
the arid lands of Nevada, he said, . 375,000 acres of
land will be cut up into small holdings. That area
will easily support 20,000 families. These families
will be able, in turn, to support 20,000 to 25,000 more
in the villages and towns.
The irrigation work on hand includes the building
of a canal thirty-one miles long, from the Truckee
River to the sink of the Carson in Churchill County.
A reservoir will be constructed about the. Carson
sink, embracing an area of more than 8000 acres,
which, when full, will have a maximum depth of.no*
feet. It is further proposed to store "the waters, of
the Truckee River in six or seven reservoirs. The
work that has been begun carries an expenditure of
$900,060. , /
P. L. Flanigan told the citizens that a local reser
voir will be constructed by an existing company,
SPIRIT OP RENO.
A. letter has been received by the
Father W. D\ McKinnon memorial com
mittee Jn this city from General James
F. Smith, Justice of the Supreme Court
of the Philippines, in which was Inclosed
a contribution of 523 to the fund. The
contribution was sent to Justice Smith
by Charles; II. Burritt. formerly aeuten
ant in the Eleventh .United States Vol
unteer Cavalry, "who Iwished to show
that he was among the many who knew,
honored and respected Father McKin
non."
The committee also received a com
munication from Presidio Parlor, Native
Sons of the Golden West. With it was
a check for $S4 30, the amount raised by
the members of , the parlor to help the
fund. Many of the members of the par
lor served with Father McKinnon.
Sends $25 to Show His Respect for
the Memory of Beloved .
Priest.
SOLDIER CONTRIBUTES
TO McKINNON FUND
The British statesmen who, in preferential tariffs
and the incidental taxing of foods to English con
sumers, are seeking to cement a gigantic commercial
union with the colonies, out of which will rise a
Greater Britain, should riot forget that a tax on a
glass of beer once cost a powerful Ministry its power
and a great party its life.
ATTENTION is called by the Redding Search
light to the fact that in Shasta County, as dis
closed by the County Assessor's books, there
are 10,316 goats. That number is half as many as
the sheep in the county. The sheep, to be exact,
count up 20,595. "Goats • arc gaining on sheep in
number." says the Searchlight, "the ratio between the
two varieties of stock favoring goats."
Several considerations are urged in justification
for giving the goats the preference in Shasta County.
It is said that goats are more easily cared for than
sheep and will live and thrive where the sheep can
eke out but a bare existence. Goat raisers who have
taken pains to get good stock claim that they can
make more money and easier money than if they had
invested the same amount in cattle and sheep.
Therefore the goat-raising industry is steadily grow
ing, particularly in the mountainous districts.
To encourage the goat raisers the Searchlight
makes a digest of the various official recommenda
tions and gathers facts bearing on the commercial
side of the consideration. Secretary Wilson, it is
pointed out, has frequently, suggested the expediency
of raising goats. The imports of goat skirls into the
United States represent . annually the tidy sum of
$25,000,000. This might just as well be earned at
home, so reasons the Searchlight.
Importers are ransacking the four corners of the
earth to get goat skins for manufactures. They arc
brought in from India, .China, Arabia and Russia.
The skins arc turned into shoes largely. In 1000 there
were only 2,000,000 goats in the United States. At
least 20,000,000 foreign grown goats were required
to supply the $25,000,000 worth of goat skins last year
imported into this country. *•
The increasing imports reveal the growing demand
for goat skins. In 1885 the total value of the import
was but $4,000,000. In 1890 it had grown to $9,006,
000. By 1898 it was $15,000,000. In 1900 the total
was $22,000,000 and in 1903 in round numbers $25,
000,000. In other words m thirteen years the impor
tation has been nearly trebled.
For years the goat has been the sport of the comic
writers for the press. That valorous and combative
animal has been pictured as subsisting principally
upon a diet of discarded tomato cans and deriving
therefrom sufficient nutriment to keep its spirit always
up to the fighting point. Divested of the humorous
view the goat appears endowed with many quali
ties such as make it commercially valuable. Its food
need: cost little. Its hardihood enables it to seek
pasturage tin places inaccessible to other • animals.
Shasta's goat raising for profit will-attract the atten
tion of the people of California, who will watch the
statistics supplied by the Assessors' books, from year,
to year as a barometer telling how the industry, fares.
'- ••' f. -¦]¦ '¦'¦' * •- • .'¦' ,: ' ; ¦ ' i ' ' ¦ .-•".'..¦ ¦'. ¦
SHASTA'S GOAT INDUSTRY
Thus in 1902 a sidereal clock was pro
cured from George Saegmuller of Wash
ington, for which a house of double con
struction was erected, especial care beir.g
taken to guard the instrument against
changes of temperature and corroding hu
midity, owing to its extreme delicacy and
sensitiveness.. After being in place one
year it begins to come under full control.
Us rate and error being noted each day
by means of noon signals from the Lick
Observatory, received on a highly sensi
tive relay in the clock room. There i3
likewise a new filar micrometer, which
Saegmuller had on exhibition at the Pan-
American Exposition. During the compar
atively brief time since the observatory
was established it has done good service,
both in the line of instruction and in ad
vancement of science. A serious Impedi
ment to more extensive work i3 the tem
porary shelter of the eight-inch equato
rial, which is difficult to move and when
moved leaves the delicate parts of the
mounting and the highly polished lenses
exposed to the Inclemency of the weather.
been added from time to time as fundj
were secured.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tfco
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Call*
fornla street. Telephone Main 1CI2. *
Towcsend's California glare fruits and
candies, 50c a pound. In artistic rtre-*
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg. •
SANTA CLARA. Oct. 16.-In 1SD5 an
eight-inch equatorial was presented
to Santa Clara College by John B.
McNamara in the name of Peter J.
Donahue. Through lack of funds to erect
a suitable covering for the instrument it
remained unused till late in the year 1900,
when it was placed under a movable
house in an open space about 400 feet
south of the quadrangle. Another smaller
glass (four-inch) still remains unused. The
glass of the eight-inch equatorial is by
the elder Clarke, who looked upon it as
one of his best finished products. The
equatorial mounting is by Fauth & Co. of
Washington. D. C, and is very graceful
in style, doing away with the old clumsy
brick pier. It Is supplied with an elec
trical system, by means of which diminu
tive incandescent lamps^ throw subdued
light on the verniers of the declination
and hour circles, the cross wires of the
transit eye piece and the reticule of the
position micrometer. Part of the same
system enables the astronomer to estab
lish . synchronism between the driving
clock and the sidereal clock.
Dr. John Montgomery supervised the
work of setting the telescope in the
meridian and elevating its polar axis to
the altitude of the pole. These adjust
ments have been astronomically verified
by Father Jerome Rlcard, now in charge
of the observatory.
The instrument is equipped with a bat
tery of six ordinary eyepieces, positive
and negative, a neutral tint shade and a
diagonal eyepiece. Other facilities nave
•
CHILLED IRON— Subscriber. City.
Chilled iron is iron which by sudden cool
ing has undertone a change of crystal
lization near the surface, which preatly
Increases its hardness. A very thick iron
mold is used #or the cooiins and it ia
called a chill.
VALUABLE TELESCOPE IN
USE AT SANTA CLARA COL
LEGE OBSERVATORY. .
DESERTION— C. City. The fact that
an apprentice in the- United States navy
has a good record for two years does not
bar him for punishment for desertion.
FLORENCE MARRYAT-C. E.. City.
Florence Marryat (Mrs. Francis Lean),
the novelist, died in London. England,
October 27, 1SD0.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— Californians in
New York: '
From San Francisco— Miss Kohl, Mrs.
W. Kohl, at the Holland; \V. McDermott,
at the New Amsterdam; S. Xano, at the
Continental Hotel; E. Brown and wife,
at the Normandlc; Miss J. Gaylord, H.
Gaylord and wife, at the Everett; S. L.
Hainet», at the Continental; H. J. Morton,
at the Holland House; M. Schwab, at the
Union Square; D. Dimond, at the Herald
Square; F. McQuad, at the Hoffman.
From Los Angeles— H. Laughlin Jr., at
the Herald Square.
Calif ornians in New York.
Dr. A. C. Wlnn of Tomales is at the
Grand.
Arthur L. Levinsky. an attorney of
Stockton, is at the Palace.
W. O. Edmunds, a merchant of Upper
Lake, ia at the Occidental.
A. H. Cowan, a business man of Pacific
Grove, ia at the Occidental.
Editor V. S. McClatchey of the Sacra
mento Be is at the California.
George R. Stewart, a stockman of
Crows Landing, is at the Grandl
D. A. Hamburger, a merchant of LoS
Angeles, is . registered at the Palace.
F. J. Thomas, an attorney and mining
man of Grass Valley, Is at the L,!ck.
\V. D. Tillotson. an attorney of Red
ding, registered at the Grand yesterday.
S. Keith Evans, representing the New
York Evening Post, arrived at the Palace
yesterday.
F. H. Kennedy, a prominent business
man of Stockton, and his wife are guests
at the California. • • '
Frank L. Miller, district passenger
agent of the Rock Island road at Los An
geles, is in the city.
Robert Mitchell, a mining man of Los
Angeles, arrived from the South yester
day and is registered at the Palace.
United States Marshal II. Z. Osborne of
Los Angeles is at the Palace, en route to
his mining properties in Trinity County.
The special Rock Island train bearing
the Chicago delegation of bankers that is
to attend the local convention will arrive
here this evening. •
R..B. Burns of Los Angeles, chief en
gineer of the western system of the Santa
Fe road, arrived* from the south yester
day and is st|3e Grand.
ETIQUETTE— J.. City. Any first-class
book seller can furnish you "the latest
and best books on parlor and dining-room
eitquette."
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
PERSONAL MENTION.
It is necessary that these matters be discussed
without prejudice and uninfluenced by any feeling
justifiable or otherwise against the present owners of
the water supply. It is a law in the psychology of
public action that when influenced by prejudice and
not reason it is sure to result in economic loss.
Neither Oakland nor San Francisco wishes loss to
follow a change in the method and ownership of their
water supply and their people will cast out prejudice
and resort to reason when called to consider such
Another clement in the problem must be discussed.
The advocates of public ownership continually point
to the success as they sec it of municipal trading in
Great Britain. When the British advocates of that
system are consulted they cite the first element nec
essary to success to be the acquisition of all private
and competing plants. The law of England under
which municipal trading is carried on requires this,
and so all private plants are appraised, paid for and
taken over into public ownership and there is no com
petition. This is also the law of Massachusetts. Such
a law is in accordance with a principle regarded as
the foundation of public ownership. In discussing it
the reason for it will appear in such clear detail as to
leave no doubt of the propriefy and necessity of the
legal requirements enforced in Great Britain and
Massachusetts.
ONE of the organs in this city which gave its
influence to make the Geary-street Railroad
bonds a lien upon the whole city and a bur
den on the taxpayers takes up the question of the
public ownership of water supply in San Francisco
and Oakland. After saying that the water now sup
plied to the two cities is of such a character that it is
killing the people who use it and will ultimately de
populate both towns the organ proceeds to advise
that they join and bring a water supply for both from
Lake Tahoe. of course for that purpose burdening all
the taxpayers .vhether they use the water or not.
Now we object first to such a statement about the
physical character of the water supply of these two
cities. It is net true that the .water is non-potable
and dangerous to health. To say that it is depopu
iaiir.g the towns by killing the people who use it is
a very poor way to induce people to come here.
While it may gratify such as prefer to take a virulent
rather than a business view of the water supply, it,
if generally circulated, will inflict irreparable injury
upon Oakland and San Francisco.
The public interest in the water runs to cost and not
character. The supplies, being from catchment
basins and not rivers, carry a certain element of
safety, since a river is much more exposed to pollu
tion than a catchment supply. In cholera epidemics
the most dangerous exposure is in the use' of river
water. So" the issue of cost only remains uncanccled.
To compare the cost of a supply under private owner
ship and public ownership the same inflexible busi
ness rule applies that was enforced by us in the case
of the Geary-street road. Keep business and politics
separate by basing water bonds on the plant they
create and pay them and support it out of the- income
•'erived from the rate payers who use the water. Of
course the cities will become rate payers for the sup
ply of public buildings, parks and fire extinguishing.
Those uses affect the whole people and all should
pHor them, and so far the city is a rate payer to its
water system just the same as a private individual.
If Oakland and San Francisco hope for cheaper
Aater they can get it under public ownership, or at
ieast can trj' to get it, only by doing business as busi
ness and not as politics.
PUBLIC OWNERSHIP BONDS.
gence."
Of course that means the new Populism is to be
virtually a socialistic movement and the party will
therefore seek fusion with Socialists rather than with
Democrats. To what extent the combination will be
able to affect the struggle between the two old par
ties is at this time merely a matter of conjecture. The
strength of Socialism is in New' England, but it is
not at all likely that any defection it may cause from
the Republicans of that section will be sufficient to
give the Democrats a chance to carry a single New
England State. So the strength of the Populist
movement seems now to be in the South, but no one
imagines it will be strong enough there to endanger
the supremacy 01 the Democrats. The only prospects
therefore of the new movement having any practical
effect upon politics next year are to be looked for in
doubtful States like Illinois and Indiana. It is of
course very improbable that a big vote will be cast
for the new movement, but it is none the less start
ing out under circumstances that render it interestirfg.
Since the statement of Allen's committee there
have, however, been further declarations from former
Populist leaders^in different parts of the country, and
it would appear therefore as if a concerted movement
were under way to revive Populism in time to make it
a factor in the next Presidential election. One of the
most conspicuous of the advocates of the new move
ment i: Butler of North Carolina, who like Allen was
formerly a member of the United States Senate and
longs to return if he can. Butler declares that Popu
lism is stronger in the South than ever before and
that if the conservative Democrats carry the next
Presidential convention and nominate a gold candi
date for the Presidency the Bryanites of the South
will go over in large numbers to Populism and give
it a formidable strength in several of the Southern
States.
The most significant feature of the new movement
is the platform upon which it is designed to make the
coming fight. Instead of scattering over nearly the
whole field of current political issues and fads as for
mer Populist platforms did it is the intention of the
leaders of the movement to make the fight virtually
on a single issue. As Mr. Butler expressed it, the
dominant feature of the platform will -be a plank "in
favor of the national ownership of the means of carry
ing on commerce, the Government ownership of rail
roads and the facilities for the transmission of intelli-
WHEN a committee of Western Populists
leaded by William V. Allen of Nebraska an
nounced that the stalwarts of the party in
tended to again take the middle of the road and run
n candidate for the Presidency in 1904 the announce
ment was treated with but scant courtesy. It was in
fact looked upon as nothing more than an effort on
the part of a number o£ discarded politicians to get
another hearing from the public and possibly a" chance
to make a bargain with Democracy in a few States
where fusion might result in at least a partial suc
cess.
POFULISM AGAIN
The Dowieites, fierce of mouth and loud of pur
pose and armed with clamorous tongue, have left
Chicago to assault the "breastworks of sin" in New
York. This is one of those fortunate movements of
people where one city is given a distinct diversion
and another a spell of relief.
SATURDAY OCTOBER 17. i<P3
JOHN a SPRECKELS, Proprietor. £
Acdrtu AH Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT^Manajcr.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market und Third, S. F.
KDITOKIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Sterenson St.
Delivered by Carrier*, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Tmni by Mall. Xncludinc Postage (Cash With Order):
DAILT CALL (Include* Sur.Cay). one y«*r $S.OO
DAILY CALL «lndu<!in» Sunday). « months 4 «°°
DAILY CALL— By Binjcle Month : TSc
EUNDAT CALL. On« Year 2 - 5 "
XVEEKLY CALL. Oa« Year 1 -°°
f Daily... »S.8O Per Year Extra
rOREIGN POSTAGE { Fucday.. 4.1O Per Year Kxtra.
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Year Extr»
All postmaster* arc aothorUed to recclre
subscription*.
fa=rle copies will be forwarded when requwted.
U*ll •obecrlbers !n erCerlnr chanjra cf eddrsm should b«
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to iaaurc a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE,
III8 nroadvrny Telephone Main 1OS3
BERKELEV OFFICE.
n«8 Center Street Telephone Xortb TT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
UORTOX 12. CHAM2 1406 G Street, W. W.
KEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Erentano. 31 Unlcn Square:
Hurray HJ11 Kote!; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehermtn Hctase; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Tremoct House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. <;i;oit(ii: KHOGXKSS Mnrqnette Bnlldtns
<Lor.g DUtunce Telephone. "Central 2019."}
KKW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
»>Ti:rm:\ ll. SMITH 30 Tribune Dntldlns
QRAXCII OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
«mt?l 6:30 o'clock.' 500 Have*. op»n until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAIlirter. open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln. open until
t 30 o'clock. 1841 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
ftUrket. corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1098 Va
lencia. o:*n until 9 o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NT. corner Church and Duncan streets, opes
cct'.; 3 o'clock. !CW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
er*n ur.ti! :> o'clock. £200 Kiilmore. open until 9 o'clock.
The case was arbitrated at Washington long and
patiently and an award was given to the citizens of
the United States who had been robbed by Salvador.
That country throughout the trial practiced duplicity
and finally smuggled one of her attorneys into the
secret conferences of the court under pretense of
being interpreter for the Salvadorean arbitrator, an
act sufficient to cause a break in diplomatic relations
beUvcen the two countries. As soon as the award
was made the President of Salvador and her Foreign
Minister inspired the same sort of attacks upon the
umpire, Sir Henry Strong, and Hon. Don M. Dickin
son, the American arbitrator, as have been aimed at
the Spanish Minister in Caracas. Regardless of the
demands of official decency and national amity these
gentlemen were lampooned, cartooned, abused and
lied about by the Government only a small part of
whose* prey had been snatched from its rapacious
jaws by their righteous decision.
Fortunately the arbitration was held in Washing
ton. Had it been in Salvador the officers and agents
of that Government would have no doubt added phy
sical indignity and perhaps assassination to their
verbal, graphic and printed insults. The falsehoods
about the umpire and the American arbitrator and
the offensive cartcons were mailed to the Foreign
Offices of other governments under the seal of the
Foreign Minister of El Salvador, and as they have
been so exactly copied in the treatment of the Span
ish Minister to Caracas they no doubt inspired the
monkey of the Andes, Castro, in his treatment of
that gentleman. •
The arbitrators in the Salvador case were not
officers or representatives of the United States and
our Government could not notice anything that oc
curred after they became functus officio. The case of
the diplomatic representatives of Spain and Mexico to
Venezuela is different. The insults to them are af
fronts to their Governments and may be noticed in
such a way as to check the barbarism of Castro,
Unfortunately citizens of the United States are to
blame for much of this truculence of Venezuela. Min
ister Bowen has said things here and in Europe that
were unbecoming in a diplomat and untrue in fact,
and Hon. Wayne MacVeagh in his plea to the Hague
court went outside the professional limits to insult
the civilization of Europe and encourage the barbar
ism of Venezuela. Finally public opinion in this
country needs enlightenment by the press in regard
to what we call our "sister republics" in Latin-
America, which mostly arc absolute autocracies, ruled
by bandits strong enough to rob and murder their
way to power.
! VENEZUELA AND ARBITRATION.
I
G ASTRO, the bandit President of Venezuela,
entered into treaties of arbitration with the
countries whose nationals had been robbed
by his Government. Under these treaties mixed com
missions were provided and their members were
selected and agreed to by Castro and the other Gov
ernments concerned all in proper form. The arbi
trations proceeded, according to the terms of the sev
eral protocols, at Caracas, which was agreed upon as
the .location of the arbitration.
The first case to be concluded is that of the Mex
ican claims. In that case the Spanish Minister to
Venezuela was the chief arbitrator or umpire. After
patient examination the award of indemnity was
made in legal form. Immediately the officers of the
Venezuelan Government and the press, inspired by
Castro, broke out into the most infamous attacks
upon the Spanish Minister. He was accused of cor
ruption. Gross and libelous caricatures of him were
circulated. His personal safety was threatened and
he has found himself compelled to ask the interven
tion of his Government to protect him.
The representative of Mexico in Caracas has also
been attacked with scarcely • less vigor and venom.
The award is repudiated by Castro, who agreed to
abide by it and treat it as final, and both Spain and
Mexico have been furnished a casus belli if they
choose to act upon it. It is to be hoped that Mexico
will accept the challenge, for she is not impeded nor
limited by the Monroe doctrine, and if she would
give Venezuela a good thrashing it would be a ser
vice to modern civilization.
Arbitration is a substitute for war. But it is a use
less device if nations which agree to it repudiate its
judgments. If there be no means of enforcement the
expense of international courts is useless. The pace
for Latin-America was set by the so-called republic
of El Salvador. • In a case affecting the nationals of
the United States she demanded arbitration, which
our Government conceded. The treaty was entered
into and ratified. Of the three arbitrators El Salva
dor herself chose two. a Salvadorean and the umpire,
who was the eminent Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the Dominion of Canada, a member of the
Privy Council of the British empire and one of the
most learned jurists in the world.
which will raise the water 220 feet above the level of
the present water storage , works for Reno. This
company, so said Mr. Flanigan, is ready to contract
for the building of a reservoir that will be 220 feet
above the Washoe County Bank building and that
will hold 30,000,000 gallons of water. With such a
reservoir the insurance rates in Reno will be one
third Irss. f
The Reno Gazette says that better streets were
also discussed. Dr. Stubbs predicted that Nevada
will be sought for homes. "It will soon be settled
with sturdy men and women and we will soon have
a population of 100,000 instead of 40,000 to 50.000.
One enthusiastic speaker described Reno as "the
flower of the country." The spirit of the city, as
represented by tjie speeches at the .Chamber of Com
merce meeting, is decidedly progressive.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1903.
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
IS DOING GOOD ASTRONOMICAL WORK
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I *-pHE MAIN GHANCE is a notable novel of ||
j| the middle West of to-day, well planned and M
I well written. Meredith Nicholson, the author, is a p
I realist with an eye for the romantic that blossoms |§
tgl is a story of youth and love and of worldly success- %
§|1 honestly won and is American to the • core. It will j|j
£| be read by all who begin it, and commended by them |£
III when they have finished— N.Y. A fail and Express. %
j||] Illustrated by Harrison Fisher. >&
|H THE BOBBS-MERRILL COMPANY, Publishers. IEThe Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs has petitioned the Board of Super
visors to present for public information
the detailed and eeeresated accounts* of
expenditures passed weekly by the board.
Wants Expenditures Segregated.
The Park Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon in the park lodge to decide on
a statue to be made and placed in Golden
Gate Park.
Several small models were submitted by
local sculptors and it was only after a
long discussion that the Commissioners
came to an agreement.
The exact location of the statue has
not yet been decided on, but in all proba
bility it will be" placed at the entrance of
the conservatory.
The statuo is to be eight feet high and
represents a boy playing with a turtle.
The figure, which will stand three feet
in height, will be of bronze, and the low
er part granite.
. E. J. Lee, an automobilist, whose li
cense was revoked last Sunday for driv
ing on "the lawn, applied to the Commis
sioners for a renewal of his license, as he
stated he was not aware of the laws of
the park. His application was granted.
Joseph Herzog and P. Jeenicke made a
request on behalf of the residents of the
ocean boulevard that the Commissioners
grant a permit for the gas company.' to
lay its pipe along the boulevard that it
may be lighted, as the residents of . that
district are In constant danger of foot
pads. • , ,
The request was not granted, but the
matter will be looked : Into.
Splendid Work of 'Art Soon to Be In
stalled in Golden Gate
Park.
COMMISSIONERS SELECT
PLANS FOR NEW STATUE
Beginning Sunday, Oct. 18. will be discon
tinued trains leaving San Francisco 4:30 p. m.,
6 p. m. and S p. m. Leaving San Jose S a. m.
and Wrights 6:40 a. m. Also Sunday excur
sions to Monterey and Santa Cruz. 3:30 p. m.
train will run to Ollroy only; 3 p. m. to Del
Monte daily. Sunset Limited leaves at 6 p. m.
Instead of 7 p. m.
Train for San Jose formerly leaving at 2
p. m. now leaves 1:30 p. in. dally.
New train for Los Gatos making all stops
will leave San Francisco 4:45 p. m.. and Los
Gatos 7:15 a. m. Sundays excepted. •
Change in Coast Line Trains.
ST. IGNATIUS GRADUATES .
TO PRODUCE "EVERYMAN"
Morality Play of Five Hundred
'Years Ago to Be Presented
This Month:
Considerable Interest Is being evinced In
the forthcoming production of the moral
ity play, "Everyman," by members of the
Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Ignatius Col
lege Hall on Wednesday and Thursday
evenings, October 28 and 29. »
The rehearsals have been carried on for
many weeks and no pains are being
spared to make the presentation of the
famous play a thorough success. The
majority of the amateurs that will-ap
pear in the play are graduates of St. Ig
natius and Santa Clara colleges and have
met with pronounced success in presen
tations of classical plays at their re
spective colleges.
Though "Everyman" was written 500
years ago by a Catholic priest of Hol
land and presented at that time, it was
only revived three years ago in England
and America. The English version was
written by Rev. Father Percy Fitzgerald
and it has met with remarkable success
in every city where it has been presented.
St. Ignatius College Hall Is admirably
adapted for the production and large
crowds probably will. witness the two per
formances. The price of tickets has been
fixed at 50 and 75 cents and tickets can
be secured at 214 Hayes street or from
members of the sodality or at the store of
Sherman, Clay & Co.
No Hope for Dimmick.
George D. Collins, as attorney for Wal
ter N. Dlmmlck, was turned down yestei
day by the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals, which tribunal refused to Is
sue a writ of habeas corpus to take Dim
mick out of the State penitentiary at San
Quentin, where he . is now serving two
sentences for embezzlement of money
from the United States Mint and one of
larceny for stealing $30,000 from the same
institution. Mr. Collins was granted leave
to appeal to the United States Supreme
Court on depositing a bond of $500 to cov
er costs.
Orinda Parlor to, Give a Party.
Misses Alma- Reimers. Hannah Ma
honey, Gussie Hulton, Estelle Thomas,
Martha Regner, Mary Foye and Mrs.
Emma Gruber Foley have been appointed
a committee to arrange for a domino
party to be given on the evening of Sat
urday, October 24, by Orinda Parlor, N.
D. G. W., in aid of its fund for the re
lief of sick and distressed members.
The "Magyars rule Austria-Hungary, al
though they number but 6,000,000 or 7,
000,000 in a total of 43,000,000.
The Portland Telegram gives the follow
ing additional particulars concerning the
Platinum mining enterprise of Josephine
County, Oregon:
The Waratah Minerals Company, a depart
ment of the Welsbach Gasfitttng Company at
Philadelphia, Pa., Is preparing to put in a
platinum mining plant .at the Old Channel
mine* on Gallce Creek, near Grants Pass, gaya
J. It. Harvey, manager of the Old Channel
mlnps. \v F. Smith, manager of the Waratah
Minerals Company, has begun putting In the
machinery. These placers will hereafter be
operated under lease by J. R. Harvey and will
be known as the Royal Group mines. Plati
num occurs in these placers both free and with
rhodium. ot?mium. iridium and palladium. The
saving of the platinum concentrates does not
interfere with the gold mining operations. The
sands and concentrates are drawn- from the
ululce boxes through a half-Inch grlsszly. then
spread out over a broad riffle table to - catch
the Hour gold, and later drawn through e
one-eighth-inch screen and spread over cocoa
mat riffles, where the concentrates settle and
are gathered up. This system of undercur
rents and riffles is so arranged that a part of
them can be cleaned every day during- the
mining season.. The concentrates ;, are finally
muled and run over a concentrating table.
PLATINUM ENTERPRISE.
CONSOLIDATES PROPERTIES.
A large consolidation of oil properties
has been effected in Los Angeles County.
The holdings are those of the Puente Oil
Company and the Columbia Oil Produc
ing Company. The Mining and Scientific
Press gives the following details:
The consolidation Includes 4700 acres of oil
lands, the Puente company's oil refinery at
Chino, with rennlng capacity of 800 barrels
daily; fifteen miles of three-Inch pipe line from
the wells at Puente to Chino; eighty-five pro
ducing wells, six pumping plants, ten drilling
outfits and steel tanks of 100,000 barrels ca
pacity. The present output of light oil from
thin district is estimated at 20,000 barrels pt-r
month. The oil produced by the. lands of this
combine U of 32-14 degrees Baume specific
gravity. The consolidated company- will be the
Puente Oil Company, with W. n. Rowland
president and W. B. Scott vice president and
general field superintendent. The Columbia
company retains its heavy grade oil territory
on which It has nine wells, producing 4000 bar
rels per month. The new company will in
crease its capacity, both In the field and at
the Chino refinery-
The Petticoat Consolidated mining prop
erties, adjoining the town of Railroad
Flat, consisting of ten locations, have
been bonded to J. L. Green. The Grass
Valley Tidings says:
J. 8. Goodwin of You Bet has a force of men
at work blasting out the falls on Greenhorn
Creek half a mile below the bridge on the
Graes' Valley road. This will put the bed of
the creek above that point In shape for exten.
elve dredging operations that are t& be inau
gurated next season. There are miles of land
along this stream that it Is thought will pay
large returns for dredging, and It is expected
that within another year or two this branch
Of the industry will be vigorously prosecuted
in that part of the county.-
The Manila Bulletin says that although
several islands In the Philippine group are
supposed to have extensive mineral de
posits, the lack of transportation facili
ties, the heat and the tropical vegetation,
which usually covers and to a large ex
tent conceals the rock formations, have
restricted systematic .development up to
this time. It says: ¦}'{}* _;>.
There have been found In Benguet and Le
panto small bodies of rich gold ore. but the
veins are narrow and Irregular. Quantities of
low grade free milling ores have been found,
but they are for the most part In the Interior,
and their successful development Involves con
siderable outlay in building roads and putting
in machinery.
The old Empire mine, at Gold Valley,
Sierra County, is again being operated.
The electric power and compressed air
plants are in operation and development
work is being rapidly performed. Twenty
five stamps will probably be dropping be
fore next spring.
A mill of fifty tons daily capacity is be
ing erected at the Murchie mines, at Ne
vada City.
For the second time the tailings of the
Taylor mine, in El Dorado County, will
be put through the cyanide process. The
significance of this fact is that It points
out how modern mining men are discern
ing ways to make money out of that
which has been hitherto discarded as be
ing of little value.
A. E. Sa.nderson has leased the Gold
Flint mine, in the Randsburg district, for
one year on the basis of 10 per cent roy
alty. \
The Sacramento Dredging Company has
completed a flume and put In a water
wheel on the east side of the American
River near Colfax to supply the water to
wash out gold.
Two dredgers costing $100,000 each will
be placed on the Yuba River near Oro
ville.
In order to get supplies into camp promptly
a bridge was built over the Middle Tuba IMver.
The cost bt the structure was partly paid by
t=ierra County and In consequence It Is a pub
lic highway. The mine is being opened up by
means of a tunnel, which is being run into the
hill tn tap the old shaft sunk to the gravel.
On account of the scarcity of water as good
progress was not made as was hoped for, but
notwithstanding this obstacle the tunnel was
driven a distance of about fifty feet during the
last two months. Some good pay dirt was
taken out and the indications generally were
favorable. It Is the Intention of the company
to work the ground by the hydraulic pn-cess,
under euch restrictions as the law may im
pose. Application has been made to the debris
commission for a permit to build a restraining
dam. and in the event that It is granted the
company will be in a position to commence hy
firaulicklng next season.
According to the Grass Valley Union
the work of opening up the properties of
the Middle Yuba Mining Company In Ne
vada and Sierra counties is proceeding.
The Union says:
OPENING UP MINES.
The twelfth annual convention of the
California Miners' Association will j be
held In this city next month. Probably
tba dates will be November 16, 17 and 13.
The executive committee of the associa
tion will meet October 19 to determine
the tlmu for holding 1 the convention and
will also arrangp various preliminary
matters connected with the convention.
Many papers on technical subjects and
others of more general Interest have been
promised by men prominent in the mining
industry.. '
Among the themes will be gold dredg
ing by W. P. Hammond, common char
acteristics of the east belt of the mother
lode by w. H. McClintock, modern meth
ods In smelting and treating sulphides
by Frank A. Leach, concentration of ores
by Mark B. Kerr, the labor problem and
the miners by W. C. Ralston and gen
eral minln* interest* of the coast by
Charles G. Yale. Other topics as yet un
iissiffned that may be discussed are as
follows: Underground transportation of
ore, general milling practices, methods of
opening and handling wide veins in swell
ing ground, use of xirude oil in chlorina
tion. treatment of coarse crushed ore by
cyanide, relative value of > transmitted
power and power produced by crude oil,
dry concentration, modern methods in
quicksilver reduction, copper smelting,
river bar mining, modern stampmlll con
struction, comparative cost of crushing
with stamps or rolls and the treatment of
sulphides by cyanide.
The convention will undoubtedly reaf
firm its desire to have established a na
tional department of mines and mining.
of which has beea subscribed. Following are
the directors: S. TV. Payn<\ James Osborne,
Redmond Payne. II. E. Payne and Clyde 8.
Payne.
. Colonel W. E. Edward?,- a stock broker
and clubman and a prominent member
of several leading fraternal organizations;
received a scoring, at the hands of Judge
Hunt yesterday that had the effect of
causing him to pay to his former wife, Te
resa Edwards. $40 of the alimpny he owes
her. He paid the money over to her in
the courtroom, but not until Judge Hunt
had refused to continue the order to show
cause on which he was haled into court
and had told him that he should see to
it that Mrs. Edwards, who Is an invalid,
was properly cared for.
The divorce suit of Andreas Hansen
against Ella Hansen was heard by Judge
Graham and taken under submission.
Hansen, who Is the captain of the steam
er Grace Barton, which plies between
here and Vallejo. testified that his wife
spent all the money he gave her for
liquor and for meat for seven dogs. The
captain said the dogs ranged in size from
a fox terrier to a Riant Eskimo. Mrs.
Hansen Indignantly denied the mariner's
charges, and as she passed him on leav
ing the witness stand very forcily told
him "he would have a pretty tough old
row to hoe before she got through with
him." - •
But little more than a year ago Isabel
Hi Shelley was a, happy bride. The bonds
that united her to Harry J. Shelley prom
ised to prove anything but Irksome. . All
went well for . a time, but recently, ac
cording to a complaint she has filed, her
once loving husband has been treating
her cruelly, and she wants the ties sev
ered.
She alleges that she is now ill In mind
and body because a short time ago Shelley
shook his fist in her face and spoke to
her in a threatening manner. This oc
curred several times, she says, and on
one occasion in the presence of Miss Ida
Williams, thereby completing her humil
iation.
She avers that her husband is 'Capable
of earning a large salary and informs the
court that she should be allowed 575 a
month alimony and counsel fees.
Delia Fessler wants a divorce because
she says her husband, Daniel, thinks more
of his reputation as a sportsman than
of a record for domesticity. She says he
owns many guns, and when he is not at
home abusing her he Is in a saloon at
the comer of Lombard and Green streets
declaiming on his ability as a crack shot.
Mrs. Fessler mentions this particular sa
loon because she says its walls are dec
orated with a picture of her sporting
spouse.
August M. Bartz is seeking a divorce
L. W. J. Bartz for desertion.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce for de
sertion were granted Lucinda Harring
ton fromW. A. Harrington and Gardiner
G. Howland from Mabel Rowland.
Jane S. Mills, who was married to Law
rence A. Mills at Oakland in March, 1900.
in a complaint for divorce filed by her
yesterday claims that up to February of
this year, when she left her husband, she
was a much abused wife. She says that
he has used the vilest and most disgust
ing language to her in -the presence of
her child and others. She. says that not
only did he abuse her shamefully but he
visited several large stores where she
dealt and Instructed the proprietors to
refuse her credit. She also charges, that
he would frequently take her to a thea
ter, send her home alone at midnight and
remain downtown carousing, returning
home in the morning, drunk and abusive.
Mrs. Mills also fears that her husband
will carry out his frequently made th'reats
to do her bodily harm, because she says
he is addicted to the excessive use of
intoxicants.
The committee is now in correspondence
with several organizations regarding con
ventions to be held in this city. The meet-
Ing of the United States Weather Bureau
officials will In all probability be held here
In 1904. The men in charge of the Weath
er Bureau have signified their intention of
coming here and no efforts will be spared
to have them meet in San Francisco.
The National Buttermakers will also
likely meet here in 1905. They will gather
next year in St. Louis and some of the
officials have already written the Promo
tion Committee regarding convening in
San Francisco the following year.
Through the efforts of the Promotion
Committee the Modern Workmen of
America will gather in this city in 1905.
The committee has also secured the con
clave of the Knights Templar for this city
next year.
The low rates offered by the various
yailroad companies to California were in
strumental in bringing 3&54 settlers to the
State up to October 7. Large investments
: have been made by many of these per
sons, the capital being put into dairy
farms and fruit ranches principally.
The coming visit of the American Bank
ers' Association promises much for the
State. Many of the prominent members
of the association have not yet visited
the State and the Promotion Committee
is making efforts to interest them in vari
ous enterprises.
MANY VISITORS ARRIVE.
A special meeting of the Advisory Board
of the Promotion Committee was ordered
called for an early day in November.
Many important topics will be discussed.
The Advisory Board will consist of Gov
ernor Pardee and one representative from
each of the following organizations: Sac
ramento Valley Development Association,
State Board of Trade, San Joaquin Valley
Commercial Association, California Cen
tral Coast Counties' Improvement Asso
ciation, State Mining Bureau, North
Coast Counties, Los Angeles Chamber of
Commerce, Southern Pacific Company,
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway,
California Northwestern Railroad and the
North Shore Railroad.
During the month of September seven
teen pamphlets and publications dealing
with the industries of the State were cir
culated in the East. Reports showed that
the literature sent out had acquired an
enormous circulation and the demand for
more had been so great of late that it
was with difficulty that the orders had
been filled.
The committee also approved of the
formation of the California Publication
Bureau.. The object of Hhis bureau will
be to exchange reading matter on Cali
fornia with many of the larger publica
tions in the Eastern States. The bureau
will be controlled by the Promotion Com
mittee.
Several letters from Eastern publishers
were read, showing a great demand for
literature concerning the State through
out the East and Middle West. These let
ters have done much toward advertising
the work of the Promotion Committee.
LITERATURE IN DEMAND.
The monthly report shows that the
work of the committee in advertising the
State and its resources has borne fruit
and that at the present time California
is the objective point of people from every
part of the the United States, all anxious
to invest their money here and to -make
the Golden State their place of abode.
After much deliberation the committee
decided to issue a monthly publication
to be entitled The California Promoter.
This magazine will be attractively gotten
up and its pages will be devoted exclu
sively to California, its resources and its
advantages. The magazine will be circu
lated broadcast throughout the country
and will not contain any advertisements,
its pages being fllkd with interesting
reading matter.
A fourth edition of the book, "San Fran
cisco and Its Environs," was ordered pub
lished. Advertising the resources of the
State in six large Eastern publications
was also ordered, in addition to the
monthly advertisements that have been
placed with different concerns for the last
year. A new edition of the map of Cali
fornia in colors will be' printed soon in
order to meet the growing demand.
One of the most important meetings yet
held by the California Promotion Com
mittee took place Thursday afternoon at
its headquarters, 25 New Montgomery
street A. Sbarboro, Rufus P. Jennings,
George W. McNear, A. A. Watkins and
F. . J. Koster. members of the advisory
board, were present. Many vital topics
were discussed and the committee out
lined work that will be of vast importance
to the State.
Work has been resumed in a limited
way on the Champion mines near Nevada
city. The Merrifleld ledge is the scene
Ol the present operation;:. Forty men are
leportM to be working.
The Plumas Independent hears that the
Plumas Eureka quartz mine has been sold
to Eastern parties. The property has
been under a lease for some time.
The Georgetown Gazette makes the fol
lowing statements concerning the progress
of mining in El Dorado County:
• Work at the Rosencrans mine is progressing.
The oid buildings are being torn down, and
the working Icrce is being increased. The new
riuartz mill has been installed at the Del
Monte mine, near Lotus. A large body of ore
has already b^-n blocked out. The llinnehaha
<Jold Mining Ompany ha* filed articles of in
corporation with the County Clerk. The com
tjar.y !s orcantz?3 to run and operate min?s in
this county. The jrincipaj place of business
is San Francisco, with lov.OiO shares of capi
tal stock cf a par value cf $1 per shar.?, $50
Twenty -five stamps will soon .be drop
ping at the El Ora mine, says the Nevada
County Miner.
The Fountain Head miring property in
Nevada County has been bonded to the
Phrlps Hill Mining and Development Com
pany for a period of three years.
When the company resumed operation no
tices were iwsted to the effect that any of the
men that had been employed would be given a
chance to go to work, at the same wages as
• ere paid before the strike. Very few ava'.K-d
themselves of the chance. Therefore the man
acement was compelled to look tlsewhere fcr
miners. They tent to Jor;lin. Ma, and got a
creat marj-. and seme irr>m fan Francisco, all
n^n-unlon men.
.-rushing .">00 tons of ore every twentv-four
hours- The union men did everything within
their power to hamper the management and am
still annoyiniE. or rather trying to. by sending
out false statements as to the number of men
*>mploy«»d. that those employed are dissatis
fied and contemplate quitting as isocn as they
ar* paid, and they caused circulars to be
printed and distributed. Hating that the strike
la still on.
union wages and respecting union hours, with
:.*¦<» men on the pay roll, 130 stamps dropping,
The Supervisors of Tuolumna County
have decided to take action to th© end
that the county may b» property repre
sented In the Mines and Mining building
at the St. Louis Exposition next year.
The Sonora Union Democrat says In part:
On Tuesday last Thomaa C. Howe'J, a. rep
resentative of the Start* Mineralogist and tb«
B*. l>ouls Fair Commission, who has been
JcMenated a collector for this section, ap
jnarpd before the Supervisor* and enlisted
tfcolr assistance In providing a credltabls ex
hibit from thit county. Th« proposition was
reoplv^d with favor and the Supervisors from
**ach district has been authorized to select a
competent person to tath^r an exhibit from
the district reime'H'nted by the Supervisor.
These appointments* will hv made In the uear
future, and th« work of collecting an exhibit
commenced Immediately and iiron^cuted until
Tuulumne Coi-.tsty has place J In the bands of
the commission a lair sample of the mineral
#jold-bi-arlr« on-s that has ma.le the county
-famous. Aa explained by Sir. Ilowell, the
commission, where possible, desires to purchase
obMfbl cold specimens at prices a llttta la
«xoess of their weighing value. The obect of
this Is for the purpose cf eeruring a collection
that can be constitute! a permanent exhibit,
which would cbvlai« the time, trouble and tx
jxrise on other occasions when an exhibit would
be necessary. However, there ax* many beau
tiful specimens whoso owners would not care to
part with them forever, and only temporarily
when Insured ol their return. To meet tnes«
conditions, the lender 15 given a receipt by
.Mineralogist Aubury in the name of the State.
¦"The report is current that Eastern par
ties have taken a bond on the Washing
ton. Cedar and Pennsylvania mining
claims in Nevada. County for $75,000.
The Marysville Democrat reports that
the Campbell mine near Smartsville will
be worked next spring and that the
ditchef suid flumes will be put in good
ordc-r ii:jnediately. Recently the- Anti
«>ebrls Association objected to Mr. Camp
"bell's application to be allowed to remove
.SOQjOOO cubic yards of ground by hydrau
licking. The ground may be worked on
pesna other plan.
REPORTS STRIKE BROKEN.
John D. Ackerman makes the following
statement concerning affairs at the Yel
low Aster mine at Randsburg:
On the 10th inst. every man in the employ
of the company received his money and not a
•irycle employe left the company. That Is
proof that the strike thai was declared by
-Jvx-al Miners* I'nion of UandsburE en June 10.
r.*C aealnrt tht Yellow After Mining and
Milling Company hts been broken, and the
mine is now running non-union, but paying
Cyanide of potassium accomplished ¦ud
denly what whisky would probably have
done later In the case of William A. John
son, whose body was taken to the Morgue
yesterday afternoon. Johnson was an ex
pert In grill work In the establishment of
W. Bell, plating and metal works, at 22
Jessie street, and had been on a spree for
several days. He came to the works yes
terday forenoon intoxicated and .asked a
shop boy named Julius Giorgi to get him
a piece of cyanide of potassium from the
basement. As this substance is kept and
used for sharpenini? tools the boy did not
think there was anything wrong in com
plying with the request, and therefore
brought up a slab of the poison one by
two inches long and wide and a quarter
of an inch thick. As he approached he
made a feint as if to rub the drug on his
tongue,- whereupon Johnson remarked, "I
ought. to do that." Giorgi then went out
nnd bought a small flask of whisky for
Johnson, and went to his work in another
part of the shop. Another workman came
in later and found Johnson's body lying
on the floor. Half of the original piec«
of cyanide of potassium was found
wrapped in a bit of paper near the body.
The whisky flask was empty and- the
glass was found in the water barrel.*
Johnson • was a widower, 39 years old
and a native of California. He had sev
eral children and had been morose and
despondent befdre he went on the epree.
Topics of General Interest
Are Proposed for Dis
cussion.
Magazine Exploiting State's
Resources. Will Soon Be
Published.
Says He Sends Her Home
Alone From Theater
and Carouses.
Drinks It and Dies on
the Floor.
Mixes It 'With Whisky,
Nevada County Mines Give
Evidenoa of Much
Hard Work.
Makes Move to Have Its
Resources Shown
in St. Louis.
Low Rates Attract Per
sons From Other
Climes.
Annual Gathering to Be
Held in This City in
November.
Morose William John
son Swallows Deadly
Poison.
His Wife Claims He Is
a Cruel and Brutal
* Husband..
STATE MINERS
WILL CONVENE
OLD TUOUMNE
GETS IN LINE
SETTLERS FLOCKS
TO CALIFORNIA
WANTS DIVORCE
FROM L A. MILLS
ENDS A SPREE
WITH CYANIDE
THE SAN FK ANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ECONOMICAL!
HOUSEKEEPERS:;
;i — ; u S E- — : <;
Walter Bakers;!
Cocoa and Chocolate;;
j ! Because they yield T H E<[
1 1 MOST and BEST FOR!;
LIT H E M O N-E-YJ
i| The Finest Cocoa in the World]*
j! Costs less than One Cent a Cup !|
I. Onr Choice Recipe Book, »eat free, will tell you > \
{ how te make Fudge in* « g rrat variety of dainty 1 )
,' diihe* from our Cocoa and Chocolate. \
\ Walter Baker S> Co. Ltd.;!
< ) KfTiiiusnHi 1780 ( '
]i DORCHESTER, MASS. (|
( A O HIGHEST AWARDS IN ,'
< **U EUROPE AND AMERICA ,»
v ¦
PfllfifA DONT FAIL TO
I aUlLG Bee the be^tifnj
j COURT Lounging
/Ifin room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
r X PALM ROOM, thfe
iSfMfln LOUIS XV PAR-
UI ailU LOR, and the LA-
U~X~i~ DIES ' WRITING
Hotels I room.
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGNIEB. CO., San Francisco.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat i
OF ANATOMY?
Q Q| 1051 UASXZT 67. tit. 8tfcft7U, S.T.Cal. i
\ Zl[ ¦ The Larcest Anatomical Museum in the \
if _Jk^ World. Weaknesses or any cunrractcrl , I
' jJjSSflW «lise»»e p»»ltl»^ljrc»r««lbjrthe oldest '
O Iggl Specialist on the Coist. EsL 36 years. ()
5 tifgC" A DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN , 1
\ IH9i|B Consultation free and strictly prirate.
0 R jSHLBi TrMtmcnt personally or by letter. A 1
\ 8 If > Sl H r°' it>v * <*"•!»» every case undertaken. '
6 P // lift Write for Book. r«iLaaoray«ri 1
* if' 1' MAllRIACiK. MAILED FREB. ( A '
Aw tl- valuable book for m*- n) ' - .
9 OaJOBDAN A CO.. 1031 Market St.. 8. F. < '
Jft Those suffering from weak-
H"^ nesses which sap the pleasures
¦ ¦ "of life should take JuTen Pills.
751 One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenating, vitalizing force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mall in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and 31.
Made by its originators C. I. Hood Co., pro*
prietors Hood's Sarsaparilla. LowelL Mas*. 1
EVERY WOMAN
. //.'¦ is interested and should know
TJi~^fy^i^ • . " ab/>ut the wonderful
MADIfCI WHIRLING
SPRAY,
flP^Vd?)lIa" 1 he new ?*tlnal Syringe.
•K^VVv\f&M \ \n ' Injection and Suct.on.
J^WSwSSir Best-Safest-Most Con.
venient. ItCleaniei
.;.'• .^^|jgggSg^^i!S3j3fr>| .¦¦XMtamtly
Aik yoor dr««ift for It. \fc, lihrvzrrfzZ?^'
If he cannot supply the - >fl^r *'w f »<O -j.
MARVEL, accept no . >J V "'• : 'hsm^'
other, but send stamp ft* (Hut. - \,, I ¦•#m\/
trstedhock— scaled. It gtres full V%, I 1%
particulars and direr tinn* Invaluable W," g .¦ IM
toladle- MARVEL CO..
Room 203, Tlmei Bdg.. New, York. .
A Preparation That Will Destroy the
1 Dandruff Germ Discovered.
Finally the scientific student has -dis-
covered a certain remedy, for dandruff.
When It flrHt ; became known that dan-
druff is the result of a germ or. parasite
that digs Into the scalp and saps the vi-
tality of the hair at the root, causing fall-
Ing ,halr and baldness, biologists set , to
work to discover some preparation ¦ that
will kill the germ. After a year's. labor
In one laboratory, the dandruff germ de-
stroyer was i discovered; and it is now
embodied In J Newbro's Herplcide. It pre-
vents baldness,, stops falling hair and
speedily eradicates dandruff. '.'Destroy
the cause, you remove the effect." Sold
by leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The Herpicide Co., Detroit,
Mich.
SCIENCE SCORES . AGAIN.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS mast bear
Fac-simile Signature of /£&*^&Z*£
PW fj CONSTIPATION Jill __I_jSk1
SALLOW SKIN MMMB* "¦""¦¦'l^^iB
a « a tl .^ , Small phi.
T/MI/NU I I V# ft=" fc^ Small Oos*
Thty TOUCH the Eaal V tn f mill Prlc*
Genuine Wrapper Printed on f J "
RED PAPER BLACK LETTERS S&&*^*^Z&>C> 2 *-zS
AMUSEMENTS.
Last Cleopatra Matinee To-Day.
LAST MGHT •
The Burlesque Extravaganza,
CLEOPATRA
'Botnwell Browne as Cleopatra.
IffA CLEVER CHILDREN |£/\
lt>U IN THE CAST IDU
Beginning Tomorrow Matinee.
THECHRISTIAN
PDirCC Evenings 15c, 23c. 50c. 73c
JTIVIVCO Matinees 13c, 25c. 50a
j LAST TIME TO-NIGHT. \S' S \
EDWARD GARVIE
In Broadhurst & Currle's Mustcal Farce,
/ MR.JOLLYOFJOLIET
TO-MORROW NIGHT
The Perennial Favorite,
"IN OLD' KENTUCKY."
"With Its Famous Pickaninny
a Band and Realistic I K"**-
<¦ H "J Horse Race. j tv, i
llHETkTRul
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. OCT. IT.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c.
MONSTERJJEW SHOW!
Colombino; ' Sisters Kappo; Three
Crane Brothers; Wallace Brown-
low; A. F. Kostow and Golden Gate
Quartet and Fanny Winf red. Last
times of Clayton White and Marie
Stuart Company; Pantzer Trio and
Wood and Ray.
MATINEE TO-DAY
TO-X1GHT AND SUNDAY NIGHT.
Last Times of the Mustcal Triumph,
FLORODORA.
Beglnnig NEXT MONDAY— Seats Ready.
Robert Edeson
In Richard Hardins Davis'
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE.
Stage Version by Augustus Thomas.
Third Year of Its Popularity.
TIVOU855&
NOTE. — Performances begin at 8 sharp; Sat-
urday Matinee at 2 sharp.
TO-NIGHT.
Last Performance of
"MIGINIOIM."
This Afternoon's Matinee and Sunday Night
''Cavaileria Rusticana"
and 'TPa|Hacci."
NEXT WEEK:
"LA BOHEHE" special, verdi
LA DUnxmC NIGHT. TUESDAY.
and Selections from the
"llinDC PUCIIICD" Great Composer's
ANUKt intHltn Principal Works.
bIvQti jin?B Jf- 1 ill ti m -Vi d * J
THE THIRD RECITAL of the Seaaon Will Be
Given at 3 p. m., '
Saturday, October 17th
STEINWAY~HALL
MR. PERCIVAL K. VAN YORX will pr«-
¦ide at the Dlano with the aid of
THE ANGELUS
The Soloist of the Occasion Will B»
MR. HOMER HENLEY, Barytone.
Complimentary tickets may be had at th*
store any time before the recital. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO.. Kearnr and Sujter sts. •
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK,
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND vs. LOS ANGELES
LADIES' \DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
*=C0TTL0W^
The Great Planlste.
BLUMENFELD. Violinist.
LYRIC H ALL-Lait Concert
This Afternoon at 3 o'Clock.
Reserved Beats — 75c. $1. $1 SO. «t Sherman.
Clay & Co.'a.' General admission, 60c.
AMUSEMENTS.
Ingleside
112
..DOG..
Open Stake
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
Oct. 17 and 18.
First run-down on Saturday, beginning at
11:30 a. m. sharp. Sunday coursing will begin
at 10:30 sharp and continue till last winning
flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES— $960.00
All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero
can, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TIBIISEY. Judge.
EDWARD SHORTSTAO. Slipper.
Belasco A Mayer. Proprietors.
Market St.. near Kighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
The Unprecedented Success of Hoyt's Master-
piece,
A MIDNIGHT BELL
Presenting the Eminent Comedian.
t_ f*. STOCK. \A/*21-l-
In His Great Original Character of
DBACON TIDD.
Brilliant Cast! Magnlflcent Scenery!
DDirEC Evenings 10c to 50c
lnlwC3 Matinees 10c. 13c. 20c
Monday, October 19 — "RANCH 10."
Two Weeks Already and Packed Invariably.
And Why? Because
| THE PAWADERs"]
Is By Far. the Best of All Musical Comedle».
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including
KOLB AN DULL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WIN'FIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
RESERVED SEATS— Night*. 25c. 50c a»J
75c.; Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and
60c; Children at Matinees, 10c and 33c.
AT PA 7 A TkBelasco ft Mayer.
ALCAZAR *rs rt Ks:
i General Manager.
"THE BEST STOCK COMPANY
EVER AT THE ALCAZAR"
SAYS THE CALL.
TO-NIGHT— Mats. To-Day and Sunday.
A. W. Plnero's Beautiful Comedy Drama.
Lady Bountiful
Evg.. 23c to 73c; Mats. Sat. ft Sun., 15c to 80c.
Next Monday — Clyde Fitch's Comedy Drama
of Real Life In Colorado.
THE COWBOY AND THE LADY.
WITH A REMARKABLE CAST.
FISCHEB AND WACKEB,
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE THE COLORED BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
Lion Slaying Baboon in the Zoo.
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
When Phoning Ask for "The Cnutes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND PICNIC AND EXCURSION.
Golden Gate Athletic and Social Club. EL
CAMPO. Sunday. Oct. 18. 1903. steamers Frls-
bie and Monticello. Boats will leave Mission-
st. wharf at 9:V> and 11:30 a. m.. 1:30 p. m.
Admission, round trip. SO cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Professional Men
Whose vocation demands attention to
personal appearance are the ones whom
we're pleased to cater to.
We know our laundry methods of
cleansing and finishing will satisfy their
critical demands and ad<i to the appear-
ance of the most dignified.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
crncE 1004 mabxst street,
Near Powell.
CCKCRMIA ASZ> CRIVABT DISCHAR3IJ.
f CURE ..'-. -tS HOURS.
Tobacco Heart
may be cured. Don't neglect your
symptoms. Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
is a great heart and blood tonic about
which you will Irani a great deal and also
•boat heart trounle by sending postal for
free bookondibeusesof tbeh art aud m-rres.
£>«. *ilm MroiCAi. Co. Elkhart, Ind"Joseph Goldstone. who with F. Vayr
owns a florist's store at 113 Sixth street,
wants the partnership dissolved. In a
suit filed by him yesterday he charges
Vayr with conducting the place regard
less of his partner's interest.
Gus Borgan Is suing W. H. Ahrens for
a dissolution of partnership. They own
a saloon at C2 Guerrero street. They
cannot zzree.
Ticket Brokers Enjoined.
An Injunction was issued yesterday re
straining A. Ottingcr. H. R. Duffln, M.
J. Welch and Charles Conklin, ticket
brokers, from dealing in tickets 'sold to
members cf the Bankers' Association now
en route to this city. The injunction was
issued on complaint of the Southern Pa
cific Company.
On Oakland Creek to-morrow th© Ala
meda Boating Club will hold a series of
outrigged skiff races for the Junior skiff
championship cf the club. The following
entries have been received: George Tup
per. Roy Pratt, C. McConnell, George
Postel, Charles Quitzow, Harry Dumont,
Charles Hague, E. V. Hanscn and James
Shea. Permanent Secretary of the
Interior W. B. Hlnchman and Treasurer
A. G. Bell will row a quarter of a mile
in outrigged skiffs, the loser to provide
dinners for the winner and several others.
The races for the Junior championship
will be decided by putting the two con
testants who make the fastest time over
the course In the preliminary heats into
the final heat. The day's sport will be
under the management of Captain E. B.
Thorning and Lieutenant Captain Bert
Lyons.
Club Haces and a Special Match, to
y Take Place on Oakland Creek
T^-Morrow.
AT.ATVTTTlATra WttL STILL VK
FOB SKIFF CHAMPIONSHIP
DLAY in the handicap single tennis
tournament commenced on the Gold
| en Gate Park courts last Sunday will
be resumed to-morrow. The coming
matches will be much more interesting
than those of a week ago when It was
the poor players against the cracks. To
morrow some of the be.st playera will
meet and close matches should result.
All of the good players survived in the)
preliminary and first round and final hon
ors will undoubtedly fall to one of them.
R. N. Whitney and Drummond MacGavin,
two of the most heavily handicapped men.
stand a good chance of winning. Will
Allen, playing from the same mark. Is
probably too heavily handicapped to maka
much progress. The Baker brothers, tha
two newcomers at the park, who won tha
last tournament so cleverly, are expect
ed to cut some figure. George Baker will
meet Whitney and with odds of "owe }»
15" stands more than an even chance of
winning. Neil Baker Is on tho scratch
mark and his steady game will prove a
stumbling block to his opponents.
Baker will play Harry Rolf a on even
terms this morning. Rolfe is a youns
California Club player, who has • been
making rapid strides of late, but who
lacks Baker's tournament experience.
Another rising young player who will
bear watching is Clarence Grlflttn. Ha
will meet the winner of the Whltney-G.
Baker match and will make either of
them play their best to win.
The tournament committee of the Cal
ifornia Tennis Club is busily engaged ar
ranging tournaments for the winter
months. It Is the intention of the com
mittee to hold one tournament a month.
The first event will be a handicap sin
gles, which will probably be- played a
v.-eek from to-morrow. The next handi
cap doubles for the challenge cup3 will
be played on Thanksgiving day. -
Many new teams will enter this event
and it will be some time before the tro
phies are won three times by one team.
The committee is classifying all the ac
tive players of the club. Many of them
¦will go up into a higher class. In futura
Will Allen and Dr. McChesney will ap
pear in the first class. Harry Rolfe has
improved so rapidly of late that he will
go into the second class, although he ha3
never w on the third. Many of the fourth
class men will play in the third. Dr.
Lovegrove. who practices every day on
the courts, is improving steadily and will
be one of the best in the third class. He
has a peculiar service that some of the
younger players will find hard to han
dle.. . x
Nothing has been done asresards tour
naments for women, but the- committee
has promised the fair exponents of the
game a chance to show their skilL There
will also be one tournament a month, for
the women.
COMPETITION will be keen among
the leashmen next week at Ingleside
Coursing Park. In addition to the
money value of the stakes there will
be valuable trophies to mark the occa
sicn. ¦
Henry J. Crocker, the Republican can
didate for Mayor, has offered a valuable
cup to be comneted for in the champion
stake. Henry H. Lynch, the Republican
candidate for Sheriff, has offered. a cup
to go to the winner of the open event on
the same occasion.
'The following week the Schmltz cup
will be coursed for by greyhounds owned
by the members of the San Francisco
Coursing Club. Each member will be al
lowed one nomination. In each instance
one victory makes the trophy the prop
erty of the winner.'
The English Greyhound studbook for
this year is out. It shows the sport of
the lr ash is thriving in that country.
The total registration is 3G03 greyhounds.
There are 1544 individual owners repre
sented. One thousand and seventy- two
litters" were registered, a greater num
ber than in any previous year. The
nearest approach was in 1897, when the
total was 1014. .
M. Michaeiex has Issued a challenge to
run any dog In, Fresno with his grey
hound, Jameson Boy, for from $100 to $500 a
side. The challenge is* directed particular
ly against the Greichen Kennel.
The California Coursing Committee, the
governing body of the sport In California,
has granted the San Francisco Coursing
Club representation on its board of man
agers. The club was allowed two repre
sentative's,. Jerry O' Shea and M. Kelly.
The committee has expelled H. H. Lyon,
delegate from the Los Angeles Coursing
Club. He was found guilty of assaulting
Judge P. M. (Mitch) Curtis by r the latter
club. He ha3 been forbidden to serve in
any official capacity 'with any club or
park affiliated with the , California Cours
ing. Committee.
G. H. Bertram of Modesto has succeeded
A. AV. Clark as judge at the Fresno
Coursing Fark.
Thecard at Union Park this week is
made up of fa well balanced sixty-four
dog stake.' A number of the young grey
hounds, which, have 'shown themselves
possessed of considerable -class, are in the
running. The coursing will* commence to
morrow, as usual, upon' the arrival of the
10:15 a. ¦ m: train. There . will also be a
special train at 1 o'clock. The likely win
ners .look to be: •'".' . . •
.-.Mickey, Free, Sempronius, lone Hill, Vina,
Master , Davenport, Articulate, Anchor, Gam
bit,'Remisso Anlmo, Red Rock, Old : Ironsides,
Liberator, ; Melrose. Charter Member, "Fenli,
Fontenoy, Reckless Acrobat, Fair Oaks. ¦ Belle
Free, " Warco. Reno, . Barse, ,. Tralee . Boy, Sil
ver ¦ Cloud, • Richard . Anton, America, Pepper
Hlll^ Glaucus, Harvey M, Niobe, 1 Haphazard,
East lake.
The first brace of greyhounds will go to
the slips at Ingleside this morning at
11:30. The coursing will . commence to
morrow at 10:30, as usual. The likely win
ners look. to be:
Cloverdale, Otto, Donneybrook, , Yukon, False
Alarm,: Vagrant," Boots, Duhallow, Yellowtail,
Rock , and Rye, Sof ala, '< Van < Alba, ; J E . H,
Menlo Prince, Ragtime, Luxury, Braw's Hill.
Frank Dunn, Gold Lily. Belfast,. Flnoola. Had
d Ing ton. October Lad, Concord Boy, Homer
Boy, Dorothy M, "Rienzi." Young Buck. Crockett
Boy, J. C. Heenan, Orslna, - Rockefeller, Pro
metheus, : King : Death. ; Equator, Reta S,- In
truder, : Shadow, Pepper Jack, : Meddlesome,
Cascade,'- Yankee Boy, " ; Cremo, ¦ Roy HughiP,
Jimmie Anthony. Royal Friend. - Topsy Tur
vey;. Redwood ; Lad,, Lulu Girl. Little Plunger,'
Medley, - Flora' Belie, Black Flush,' Firm.Fel
low,^ Pure Pearl, White \ Buck. - *
New Contest of Krzyzanowski Will.
Owe again Is the win of the late Pala
gia Maria Krzyzanowski the subject of
a legal dispute. Yesterday Aloyzy Syl
vester Borkowski, who claims to be a
nephew of the deceased Polish woman
filed a contest of the will, alleulns that
when she made the document bequeath
ing her 130,000 estate to Charles RIckman
her mind was unsound. It was only a
few months ago that Maria Nachugall
a trained nurse, who claimed to be a
daughter 'of Mrs. Krzyzanowski, died a
contest, of the will. Her" suit was par
tially heard, when she made an offer to
compromise her claim. Rickman consent
ed and paid Miss Nachtigail (10,000 and
she withdrew.
THE test exhibition of lacrosse, and
certainly the most important, ever
given in the United States will corn-
. mence at 3 o'clock this afternoon at
the National baseball grounds, corner of
Ninth and Bryant streets.
.The Shamrocks of Montreal, with a his
tory extending over a period of sixty
seven years, and the Vancouver team,
champions of British Columbia, will meet
in a struggle for the championship of the
world. The records of the teams leave no
doubt of the fact that they are the best
two In the world, and even if the title
were not the stake the exhibition would
be a grand one.
Lacrosse, which really started in what
is now Alabama, its history extending as
far back as Indian lore can. be . traced,
has reached its highest degree of excel
lence in Canada, although in the Eastern
States it is rapidly growing in popularity
and some strong clubs are springing up.
It Is a game that must be played only by
well-trained -athletes if it is to be excit
ing. So well prepared for their exertions
are the best' exponents of the game that
they can stand the strain of eighty min
utes of the fiercest play. In fact, to the
most important games, such as that of to
day, it Is the rule, almost without excep
tion, that the last period of twenty min
-utes is the fastest of the four.
The teams that meet to-day have played
together but twice before, both times in
British Columbia and during the early
part of this month. Each has a victory to
its credit, so to-day's game will decide
the series. It will be a hard game from
the start, a3 each team is going on the
grounds determined to win. A victory
means the lacrosse supremacy of the
world to the winners. All over Canada
the Interest In tfte result is great.
Lacrosse is the swiftest game of all out
door sports. Its great charm from the
standpoint of the spectator is Its simplic
ity. The veriest novice can grasp its
salient points in a moment. Tho play is
open and swift, requiring remarkable deft
ness with the stick and unerring accuracy
in placing 'the ball. The ball flies from
man to man with a brilliancy that is das
zling. The men are always on the go.
There are raps given and raps taken, for
it is no ladies* game. Only strong young
men can play It, and its spice of danger
is one of its greatest attractions to the
men who carry the sticks. Both teams
for to-day's game are In the best possible
condition. Yesterday they rested for the
game, indulging in light exercise In the
morning and car rides to places of inter
est in the afternoon.
* President William Greer Harrison of the
Olympic Club will place the ball for the
first "face." An announcer will keep the
spectators posted as to th« progress of
the game. Each team carries with it a
retinue of trainers, who rub the players
down during the three short periods of
rest.
The teams to-day will line up as fol
lows:
Shamrock. Position. Vancouver.
Kavanagh Goal ..'. Norman
Howard ........ Point ....... Reylondsi
Rielly . v ..... .Cover point . . Yorke
Mcllvane.'.Y. . . .'.First defense. Barr
Hayes. . : : . . . Second defense. ......... Allan
Smith.. ...'.Third defense ..Morrison
Currie. .... ... - • -"• - Center ... . .Matherson
Robinson . . ....... Third home Murray
Hoobln.. '.Second home......... '..Cowan
Flnlayson. First home. ;.'.. Cao
J. Brennan........ Outside ...........O'Brien
P. Brennan......... Inside .......... ..Godfrey
Hog&n. .-. ..:....-.. Spare . . . . Wrisht
O'Connell, captain. . .-. .-. Smith, captain
Meeting of the Shamrock and
Vancouver Teams Here To-
Day for the Championship
Leashmen Eager to Win the
Valuable Cup Offered by
the Candidate for Mayor
With the Weeding Out of
Weaker Players Excitin7
Matches Are Expected
Laumeister, sub-half, played right half on
the Mission High School 'eleven in San- Fran
cisco ¦ for three years. • He* i* v 19 years 'old, ' 5
feet 9 Inches tall and weighs 149- pounds. -
Packard, sub-half, played half on the Shat
tucic Military Academy In Minnesota. He is
18 years of age, S feet 9 inches in height and
weighs 148 txninda. - _ .
True, rixht tackle, . played ' on the eleven of
the Lewis Institute in Chicago. He is 18 years
old, 5 feet 11' inches In height and weighs
ISO pounds. „¦-,.,. . •¦ •.
Starrer, sub-quarter, is 18 years old, . weighs
145 pounds and is 6' fe«t-7 inches in -height.
He played his position on the Marysvllle High
School team. ¦-„";¦ "¦'.'• •..'¦¦
Morrow, rlKht end. Is 18 years old, strips
14U pounds and is 8 feet 11 Inches in height.
He played a year as halfback on the Portland
High School team. .' - : .-.;
Stephenson. right guard, measures 5 feet 9
inches, weighs* 160 pounds and is 21 years of
age. He was fullback on the Santa Ana high
and Palo Alto high school elevens for three
year*.
Zimmerman, substitute, played rlghtguard
on the Portland High team for one year be
fore entering Stanford. He is 18 years old,
weighs 158 and 1b 6 feet 1 inch in height.
Malflno, center, played ctnter for three
years on the San Jose Hich School team be
fore coming to Stanford. He strips 159 pounds,
measures 5 feet 9 Inches and is 20 years of age.
Shayner, left guard, has had some previous
football experience on the San Jose High
School eleven. He is 5 feet 10 inches In
height, weighs 147 pounds and is. 19 years old.
Butterfield, left tackle, was a Santa Clara
High School halfback and end for three years.-
He Is 20 years old, 5 feet 9 inches In height
and weitchs 160 pounds.
Kelley, left end. played his position on the
Harx-ard Military School in Los Anceles for
one year. He is 5 feet 7 inches high, weighs
139 pounds and U 18 years of age.
Etott, quarterback and captain, has had
probably the most valuable previous experi
ence of any man on the team. He played quar
ter on the Portland Academy team, for two
years and on the Multnomah Athletic Club
team for the same time. He Is 5 feet 8 Inches
in height, weighs*"-^ pounds and is 19 years
of a:e.
Brennan, right half, has never played the
position before, • although" he has had experi
ence as tackle on the Emmetsbure High
School team. He is 23 years old, weighs 150
pounds and is 5 feet 9 inches tall.
Dole, left half, is 19 years of age, weighs
150 pounds and is 5 feet 0 Inches in height.
He comes from a family of athletes. He has
played behind the line for three years on the
Riverside High School eleven. •
"Jim" Weller. fullback, has had no foot
ball experience, but he makes up In speed and
weleht what he lacks In knowledge of the
game. He wa« a Joint- winner on the varsity
track team last spring. He ; is 22 years, old,
weighs 170 pounds and is C feet 2 inches in
helrht. - .
West, first sub-end, comes- from* the Seattle
High School. He is 19 years old, weighs 142
pounds and is 5 feet 8 inches in height. The
other sub-ends will be Jordan and, Derby.
Smith, eub-jruard, entered from , the Weiser
Academy, Idaho. He weighs 170 pounds. Is 6
feet 1 inch in height; and 19 years of age.
Hornby, sub-center, played center and tackle
on the Redlands High School. team. He weighs
1C5 • pounds, is 19 ; years of * age and 0 feet 1
inch in heieht. " i i" jl If Hljlil M\BJmiUF**uX3nifhf.
Stanford rooters have changed their
opinion as to the chances of the cardinal
youngsters for a victory. A month ago
or even two weeks back It would have
been almost impossible to find a man on
the bleachers who would prophesy that
a victorious team could be made by the
ccaches from the material at their dis
posal.
The freshmen have played four games,
in three of .which they were defeated. In
the first three contests the '07 eleven put
up such a ragged exhibition of the game
that those who had watched them closely
concluded that in their game with Berke
ley it would simply be a question of how
large a score the California , youngsters
could run up. The Palo Alto Athletic
Club defeated the '07 team twice by the
score of 5 to 0 and 6 to 5, while the crack
Belmont School easily walked away with
their game, the score being C to 0. T»ie
freshmen, however, awoke last Tuesday
when they defeated the Santa Clara Col
lege team by the decisive score of 12 to 0
and showed for the first time the real
possibilities of their team.
The team is light in weight, but that Is
the sort of material Coach Lanagan has
always had to deal with and he endeav
ors to have a team make up in speed
what it lacks in weight. The age, strip
ped weight, height and previous ' football
experience of the individual players on
the Stanford freshman team Is given
herewith:
P TANTORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 16.—
Everything is in readiness for the
intercollegiate freshman contest. The
Stanford cannot show such a list of vic
tories, as her -team: was beaten: twice by
teams California defeated— Palo Alto " and
Belmont/ ; Still the coaches do • not * think
The line has five big men in Haffey at
center, Jackson and Allen guards. Sea
bury and Sweany tackles. About, the
most spectacular of these Is Allen, j who
has acquired a pleasant habit of opening
up a hole in the opposing line and then
dragging a halfback or two through with
him for a gain of ten or fifteen yards.
The others know their business, too.
In Mclnnis and Gillis, the right and left
ends respectively, the line has two out
posts that' are a great help to It and to
the backs 'also. Both of them have the
fighting blood of tigers running through
their veins. They are little men, and like
all little men,, full of grit and the never
say-die spirit.'. ;.¦'."'.,
Kern is, of course, the star at the half
back position. If the' team had another
tack -like him there would be nothing to
hesitate about in picking the winner.
Kern has the dash and the head' and all
the grit needed by the ideal half-back. He
hits the line hard , every time he gets a
chance at the ball, and if he doesn't make
ground it is not his fault. There* Is. talk
of putting Kern on the varsity team after
the freshman game.
As a fullback Gabriel is not a star, but
a hard, consistent player. He is in air the
fighting and takes all 'the desperate
chances going. He kicks the ball a good
distance whenever It is passed to him.
The freshman eleven has managed . to
go through the season .so ; far without .a
defeat, or oven* a score against It/ though
the ball has been ' mighty near the? cross
bars sometimes. In one or. two cases I it
was only, luck and the width "of *a hair
that stood between the ' team and ". a de
feat or a tie. The team; has i beaten the
Berkeley High ' School, the Lick School,
the Palo Alto High : School, the Oakland
High School, the Santa Clara College and
the Belmont School elevens. - .
The men who will alternate with some
of these men should they get Injured or
the coaches withdraw them are Crow, and
Sanborn at halfback, Schaufele at full
back, Davis and Klelnschmidt at ends;
Brown at guard and Jones at tackle.
The coaches were puzzled about some of
the positions up to the last minute.
Tweedy and CrovA,are about a stand-off
for left halfback aild It was onlyTweedy's
good showing in the game against Bel
mont last Tuesday that won him favor.
Crow did not have as good a chance to
shine when the coaches put hini in, in
the second half, but he would be a credit
to any freshman eleven. Sanborn is close
up to these, but he hasn't quite the dash
and fighting spirit needed to win.
Davis and Klelnschmidt at left - and
right end, In the places of Gillis and Mc
lnnis against the varsity last Thursday,
showed the true fighting spirit and if the
regular men fall out will be able to fill
up well. Jones ran a. close race with
Sweany for tackle, but his Injuries kept
him out of the game so much he wasn't
able to get into shape.
As for the team itself there is not much
that the ordinary. eye can see that is
wanting. The line has hardly been bat
tered backward at all In the practice
games in which it has been engaged. It
has stood firmly against the assaults of
such elevens as Belmont and Santa Clara,
against men every bit as big as them
selves. The gains of the other teams
through this freshman line have been
few.
BKRKELBT, Oct. 16.— Barring two or
three bruises, the California fresh
man team is In good fettle for its
championship football game with the
Stanford eleven this afternoon on Rich
mond Field. Coaches Whipple and Hall
have decided to send the following team
upon the field: -/\
Kern, right halfback; Tweedy, left half
back; Gabriel, fullback; Sell, quarterback;
Haffey, center; Jackson," right guard; Al
len, left guard; Seabury, right- tackle;
Sweany, left tackle; Mclnnis, right end;
Gillis, left. end.
RACKET WIELDERS
ARE INTERESTED
IN PARK TOURNEY
LACROSSE MATCH
WILL BE PLAYED
FOR HIGH HONORS
2 November 1— Albion Rovers vs. Hornets,"
Vampires vs. Occidentals and Independents vs.
Thistles. November S — Hornets vs. Independ
ents, Occidentals vs. • Pickwicks and Thistles
vs. Albion Rovers. November 15 — Albion Rov
ers vs. Thistles, Vampires vs. Hornets and In
dependents vs. Pickwicks. November 22 — Hor
nets vs. Thistles, Occidentals vs. Independents
and Pickwicks vs. , VamDires. November. 29—
Albion Rovers vs. . Pickwicks, Vampires vs.
Independents and Thistles vs. Occidentals. De
cember 0— Hornets ¦' vs. Occidentals. Vamtfifes
vs. Albion Rovers and Pipkwlcks vs. Thistles.
December 13 — Albion Rovers vs.-. Occidental j,
Vampires vs. Pickwicks and Independents vs.
Hornets.,' December 20— Hornets vs. Albion
Rovers, Occidentals - vs. Vampires and Thistles
vs. Independents. 'December 27 — Hornets , vs.
Pickwicks, Occidentals vs. Thistles and Inde
pendents vs. Vampires. January 3," 1004 — Open.
January 10 — Albion Rovers vs. Vamrlres, Oc
cidentals vs. . Hornets and Pickwicks vs. Inde
pendents. January ,17— Albion Rovers vs. In
dependents, Pickwicks vs. Occidentals and
Thistles vs. Hornets. January 24— Vampires
vs. Thistles,- Pickwicks vs. Albion Rovers and
Independents vs. Occidentals. January .31—
Open. February 7 — Hornets vs. Vampires. : Oc
cidentals vs. Albion- Rovers and Thistles vs.
Pickwicks. February .14 — Thistles vs. Vam
pires, Independents vs. Albion Rovers, and
Pickwicks vs. Hornels.v February 21— Open.
The management of Idora Park had ex
pended about 51500; in putting , the grounds
Into good condition for, play. .
The French club has found itself unable
to make up a ' football team. Its best
players have joined. the Vampires. : L
this counts for . anything, for the reason
that ;¦ a freshman f eleven Is always the
most uncertain quantity in athletics/ Here
is wha't Coach Whipple of California says:
"The eleven seems to" be". in the "flriest
condition; : It. probably is ¦ at its best just
now, but it may, go to pieces on Saturday.
That's the way -.with freshman ' ; teams ;
you can never, tell how. they are 'going ', to
act. ' The ; crowd; and : the other side must
have something to *do with it. Therefore
I do not; want to' brag about a freshman
team in advance."' . ' . *¦"'
: .The freshman •'team,: played a game
against the varsity ; on Thursday^ of this
week: \. It- lost,'; off course, but .managed
to hold ;¦ the varsity to ~.- : five < points, '. made
on a field goal. The freshmen : didn't have
their, best J team ; in, ! Kern, \ Seabury, 5 , Gillis
and Mclnnis ' having; been 'i withdrawn * in
order to avoid injuries before Saturday.' .».-
borhood. Not .only have the clubs
Increased in number, but each club has
more members and greater enthusiasm
than it had last year. In the season of
1902-03 there were five clubs in' the Cali
_fornia Association F.ootball League.
These were the Albion Lodge of Oakland,
the American-British Rifles, the Inde
pendent, San Francisco and Vampire
clubs. Toward the close of the season
the San Francisco ! team became short of
players and it has gone out of existence.
The American-British Rifles team, which
won the league championship after an ex
ceedingly close tussle with the Vampires,
has also ceased to exist. The best players
from the defunct clubs have joined other
teams. The following teams make up the
league and will play the regular scheduled
games for the championship of 1903-04:
Vampires, Independents, Albion Rovers,
Hornets, Thistles, Pickwicks and Occi
dentals, the last four being new organiza
tions. ;
As there are seven clubs . and three
grounds three matches will be played
each Sunday, one team drawing "a bye.
The grounds are Idora- Park, on Tele
graph avenue, Oakland; the cricket
ground at Webster street, Alameda, and
the National baseball ground at Ninth
and Bryant streets,' San Francisco. Sev
eral other teams in addition to those al
ready named are being formed, among
them being an Olympic Club eleven, a
team of members of the ambulance corps
of Alameda and another of Naval Re
serve men. Two high schools In Alameda
are playing association football, and it Is
expected elevens .will be made up at Stan-
Iq^d University and the University of
California. The opening matches of the
season will be played on Sunday, Novem-'
ber 1, for. the league championship. On
open days teams not included in the
league will play for a cup, the games for
the trophy beginning in January, 1904. The
schedule of the league is as follows:
AN active and a brilliant season is in
store for the association football
players of San , Francisco and neigh-
CROCKER TROPHY
TO ATTRACT THE
FLEETEST HOUNDS
On Previous Performances the Berkeley Players
Should Win, but Stanford Is Hopeful. *
Seven Clubs Will Struggle
for the Championship of
the Association League
RIVAL FRESHMAN ELEVENS MEET
TO-DAY ON RICHMOND GRIDIRON
EXCITING GAMES
ARE EXPECTED BY
THE FOOTBALLERS
The southeasterly gale which'prevailed
on Friday, the 9th inst., caused several
of the California yachtsmen to stay at
the moorings » on Saturday and Sunday
last, but those of the tars that did go
out after passing the lighthouse at the
entrance to the creek found a fair breeze
and smooth- water. The flagship Idler
made an early start, but the flood tide
caught her off Boole's shipyard. The
schooner Etta B, however, passed a line
to the yawl and towed her out Into a
breeze off Long Wharf. Among the
yachts that followed the flagship were
the yawls Nereid and El Rayo, with the
sloops Secret and Rover.
The Corinthian Yacht Club will give a
closing cupper to Its members on the
*4th at the clubhouse at Tiburon. The
supper will be followed by an entertain
ment given under the management of the
link? committee. The last regular cruise
of the season of 1903 will take place next
day. though some of the fleet will remain
In commission for a «-eek or two longer,
as the Belvedere bridge will not be raised
until November S.
The members of the California Yacht
Club will cruise to McNears Landing this
evening and will join the San Francisco
Club at that favorite anchorage. It Is
probable the combined fleets of the San
Francisco, Corinthian and California
clubs will cruise in company in the chan
nel on the closing day of the season, the
winds being too light to encourage the
amateur sailors to venture Into the upper
bay, whence return to moorings ; might
be difficult. Commodore George M.
Shaw's flagship Idler will leave her moor-
Ings in Oakland Creek at 2 o'clock this
afternoon for McNears, so that, even If
the breeze should fail, the flood tide will
carry the yawl to her destination. On
the closing night of the season the Cali
fornia Yacht Club will hold an Impromptu
jinks in its quarters on the estuary.
thian and California Yacht clubs will
give their closing entertainments at their
quarters on Saturday, the 24th lnst., and
the last scheduled cruises of the season
will take place on Sunday, the 25th.
This afternoon and evening- the fleet of
the Corinthian Yacht Club will cruise to
Corinthian Cove in the upper bay above
E! Campo. Port Captain John H. Keefe
will supervise the transportation to-mor
row of the sandwiches, cheese, crackers
and other edibles, with the necessary ac
companiments, in a launch to the ren
dezvous. The annual baseball game be
tween nines composed of members of the
club will take place before luncheon.
Several yachts of the San Francisco
fleet will cruise to McNears Landing this
evening: and will drop anchor there for
the night. To-morrow they will return
to moorings at Sausalito. It has been
decided to give a smoker on closing day,
Saturday, the Zitii, at the clubhouse at
Sausalito, ft being thought that this form
of entertainment is more attractive to
the yachtsmen and tends to bring them
together better than a dance, which Is
attended principally by outsiders.
CLOSING days for the yachtsmen of
San Francisco Bay are drawing on
apace. The San Francisco, Corin-
RIVAL FOOTBALL, COACHES WORK
ING ON PROMISING MATERIAL FOR
THEIR RESPECTIVE ELEVENS.
Tiburon Sailors Will Hold
Baseball Match and Pic
nic at Corinthian Cove
YACHTING SEASON
IS DRAWING VERY
NEAR TO ITS END
COLLEGE FRESHMAN FOOTBALL ELEVENS HOLD THE CENTER OF THE STAGE
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CAIilV SATURDAY. 'OCTOBER 17, 1003.
Business Men Disagree.
8The fifty-yard handicap swimming rac*
at the Olympic Club last night was won
by Paul Fay, with J. Ephraim second.
The results by heats follow:
First heat— P. Fay first. O. Ort and J. Com
min~3 dead heat for second: second heat — "O.
Murnh'y first, F. Ferem second; third heat — J.
Ephraim first. C. Clough second: final — Paul
Fay. first, J. Ephraim second.
The officials were: Referee and starter,
j. J. Gleasan; judges, T. I. Fitzpatrick
and T. Gaines; timers. William Eager
and Kenneth Melrose; handlcapper, Pro
fessor Sidney CavllL
Time. 1:47*6. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. A. Johnson's b-. g. by Grayson-Willl*
Stiff. Goo Goo B2, False 96, Lady Draper 103.
Revenge Dare 103. Barrica 104, Alborao 101.
Latson 101, also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Mile and seventy yards
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Weird, 103 (Smith) .... 5 1 11U
11 to 6— Cogswell. 105 (Foley) 8 7 2n
4 to 1— Pyrrho, 9t> (Miller)..-. 6 3 33
Time, 1:18. Start good. Won ejaslly. Winner.
H. Dernham's ch. f. by Albert-Option. Mlsa
Manners 00, Maverick 9C, Nearest 104, Will
Shelly 105, Hindoonet lOi), C'.ales 100, Sid Sli
ver 100, Ross Fame 108, also ran-. ¦
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1 — Optional, 102 ( Raynor) . . . . 2 3 11%
6 to 1— Dr. Scharff, 105 (Smith).. 1 1""2 3
12 to 1— Aules, 105 (Miller) 9 10 3 1
¦FOURTH RACE— Mile; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Croix d'Or, 102 (Miller)...- 2 11^
7 to 2— John Yerkes, i O 2 <McDnld) 12 2 2
9 to 2— Little Scout. 114 (Sheehan) 6 5 3 5
Time, 1:42. Start poor. Won drivine. Win
ner, W. Mulkey's ch. g. by Dochart-Golden
Slipper. First Mason 105, Prosper La GaJ 105,
, Josle F 102, Brulare 102. also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six furlones; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Hetzel, 108 (Sheehan) 6 5 13
5 to 1 — Mallory, 103 (Bonner) 9 7 2 nk
3 to 1— Dolly Gray, 100 (Austin)... 2 2 34
Time, 1:16. Start Bood.. Won easily. Winner,
B. Schreiber'a b. c. by Balgowan-Astolat. Gus
Lanka 102, Wellesley 100, Golden Glitter 106,
Lady Vashtl 100. Doeskin 106, Princess Stone
mouth 106, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2 — Blrdpond, 101 (Calvlt) 1 4 1 »
12 to 1 — Rusk. 103 (Johnson) 2 8 2 V»
15 to 1 — Hoofbeat, 104 (Rayner)... 1 7 31
Time, 1:03. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
J. K. Hughes' b. f. by Tehapachapl-Mary Ul
lard. Claramont ! 100, Ora McKlnney 100.
Frank Collins 107, Freckman 104, Rhyme and
Reason 106, Honey Bee 100, Allesrette 104,
Henry Luehrmann Jr. 102, Max Rose 103, also
ran.
most attention. It was a purse af
fair at a mile, and First Mason was play
ed for a good thing, being backed from
3 to 1 to 8 to 5. • He did not finish in the
money, however, the race going to Croix
d'Or, an outsider In the betting. Croix
d'Or got all the best of a poor start and
Miller kept his mount in second place all
the way. Little Scout was practically
left at the post, but finished third. Weath
er clear, track slow, attendance good.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting, Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1 — Miss Gould. »5 (Hennesey) 5 1 J Vt
15 to 1— WUhelmina, 08 (Gullet)... 8 7 2 V»
30 to 1— Helen Hay, 10O (Foley).. « 8 3 Va
.Time, 1:17'4. Start good. Won driving. .Win
ner, R. E. Watklna & Co.'s oh. t. by Perblaise-
Lucy Lair. Vestry lOti, Bluegraas Girl 08.
Marchioness 95, Caelana 100, Nowetta 103. Eu
falla 100. Sadie Mac 100, Winesap «5, Chick
asha 102, also ran.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 16.— Of an ordinary
card at the fair grounds to-day the
fourth race seemed to attract the
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
The club has mailed entry blanks to
every prominent automobile club in the
country. They have also notified the dif
ferent clubs by telegraph of the meeting,
so It is expected entries for the big meet
will pour in rapidly from now on.
Walter Grothe, the well-known chauf
feur of this city, has entered for the
meeting his White- touring car, which he
will strip for racing purposes and equip
with a "wind shield." F. A. Garbutt of
Los Angeles, one of the most prominent
motor car men of the south, has al3o en
tered the ranks with a machine of the
same pattern. Much rivalry exists be
tween the two and it is understood they
will try f^pr one or more of the coveted
prizes.
Garbutt -was the victor in several re
cent meetings at Los Angeles and won a
lot of glory at the races held at Del
Monte. He captured the five-mile open
event and also the five-mile race for mar
chines of twenty horsepower.
H. C. Merritt of Los Angeles will com
pete at the coming meet. He runs a Mer
cedes machine, that ls said to be fast.
Four prominent chauffeurs from Pasa
dena are also entered. Arthur Cunning
ham and his "Gray Wolf" will probably
be important factors at the- meeting.
only in this city, but in every town
of the United States large enough to
boast of a motor car organization.- Ac
tive' p'reperations for the big meet are
under way and according to experts here
It gives promise of being one of the sport
ing events of the present year.
"Word has been received from Barney
Oldfield, the speed wizard, to the effect
that he had shipped one of his machines,
"Bullet No. 2," last Monday. The ma
chine is expected to arrive here shortly.
Oldfield will send on his other racer im
mediately and will follow the machines
within a few days.
The Automobile Club of California will
hold an important meeting on the 21st
Inst. at 8 p. m. at the office of Jthe presi
dent. F. A. Hyde, 415 Montgomery street.
John D. Spreckels, F. A. Hyde. C. C.
Moore, R. P. Schwerin, S. G. Buckbee.
S. P. Lowe and F. W. McNear of the
board of directors will attend.
T3K automobile races to be held at
Ingleside race track early next month
are arousing much enthusiasm, not
Experts From All Parts of
Country Expected to Com
pete at Ingleside Track
Little Scout Is* Practically
Left at the Post, but
Finishes in Show Position
Famous Chauffeur Will Soon
Arrive in This City to
Prepare for Big Meet
First Mason, the "Favorite
"in the. Betting, Does
Not Finish in the Money
BARNEY OLDFIELD
SENDS ON ONE OF
HIS HUGE RACERS
CROIX D'OR GETS
BEST OF A POOR
START AND WINS
.- Commencing October 17, * and Saturdays
thereafter, until further notice,: Hunters'*. Train
to San. Jose will leave foot of "<¦ Market street
(via narrow-gauge boat) at »:30 p. ¦ m." Return
trip train leaves Los Gates at 4:65 p. m. Sun
day*.'*^ ; • t, 1 ,*;¦':' ' ¦ ';•: ¦¦:'-¦- ¦¦¦*-'*
Hunters'. Train.
'Champion Fitzgerald .will . meet ;A1
Hampton and Jack, Bonnet in a special
handball match to-morrow afternoon at
the Olympic" Club. Jack Gleason and
Louis Levy wiiralso play.
Olympic Club Handball.
Governor West Arrives.
C. TV. West, special treasury agent for
the Government, arrived from Washing
ton y-sterday to take charge of the office
l n l^ s ,- C y - Mr - Wcst ls a former Terri.
tonal Governor of Utah.
Would Wind Up Affairs.
A petition for a voluntary Tdissolutlon
of the San Francisco Gas Light Com
pany was filfd yesterday by its directors.
This action is the result of the* recent
merger. • - i
<5eorge Hayden, a milkman, was con
victed by Police Judge Mogan yesterday
on a charge of battery and at the request
of hla attorney sentence was suspended
till Tuesday. On the night of September
22 Hayden forced his way into the resi
dence of Mrs. A. E. Peters, 1574 Turk
street, which adjoins his store, and com
plained that some man in the bouse was
annoying him over the telephone. He
was assured there was no man In the
house, but he was not satisfied, and be-
Bldes using vulgar language, Struck Mrs.
I eters, knocking her down, and also
struck her , two daughters. The Judge
severely scored Hayden for his conduct
and said that Mrs. Peters would have
b«en justified under the circumstances in
ehooting and killing him
Milkman Scored by a Judge.
guaxez returned to the transport, and
about two hours later went ashore. His
pockets were empty, but the cigars were
found" tied around his legs Inside his
trousers. He was arrested on a charge of
Emuggling.
¦¦'*-¦ •
Imported cigars loolted better to Frank
Euarez when smoked without the pay
ment of customs duties, and because of
this preference Suarez was cast Into a
dungeon yesterday. He is a coalpasser on
the transport Sheridan, and, essaying the
role of ci&ar passer, walked down the
gangplank with his pockets bulging with
Manila weeds, and was stopped by Cus
toms Inspector Benninger, who ordered
him to take the cigars back on board.
The inspector informed the coalpasser
that he would be arrested if he attempted
to take the cigars ashore without paying
the duty. ' °
Smuggles Them Ashore Tied to His
Legs and Is Taken to
Jail.
MANILA CIGARS GET
FRANK STTAREZ INTO JAIL
gets ready to enter college the Berkeley
and Stanford coaches will tumble over
themselves In their effort to get him.
He Is again this year one of the most
brilliant academic football players who
has ever entered the game on the coast.
In the game between Lowell and Lick
yesterday Hamilton kicked a goal from
the field and scored a touchdown after a
dash down the field of seventy - yards,
making the score 10 to 0 in favor of
Lowell.
From the pitiable slump In which Low
ell wallowed in last week's game with
Polytechnic she arose with remarkable
vigor yesterday and the' team of high
school boys played like a veteran var
sity eleven. Lick played like dem
ons. yielding every inch of the field* only
after the hardest kind of a struggle.
Four times Hamilton tried a goal from
the field, once even making the venture
from the 45-yard line. Three times he
missed by the narrowest margin; once
he placed the ball fairly between the
posts from the 25-yard line. His long
run was made only by twisting and dodg
ing nearly every player on the Lick School
team, and was as sensational as that of
Sherman in last year's varsity struggle. '
For the Lick School B. Golcher, Mark
wart and Snell proved a brace of smash
ing backs and put up fierce ball. Had
they received proper support from their
men on the line the score might have
been different. The line-up:
Lick. _- . Lowell.
O'Conner - .L. E. R Corcorhan
Main ...L. T. R... Kennan
Mullen L. G. R Langhorn
Hotchkiss Center ...Young-Tiscornia
Gilllngham. ...... ..R. G. L. ..Tiscornla- Jacobs
Eyerehoff R.vT. L. .......; . ...Devoto
Schmidt .R. E. L .Brignoh
C. Golcher. . ......' Quarter * Roncovier!
Markwart.....'....L. H.- . R..... .Qulnn
B. Golcher... R. H.-L.Y Cerf
Snell Fullback Hamilton
Umpire— W. - Mlddleton.
Referee — Dud New;
Scores All the Points for Lowell in
an Exciting- Game With Lick 1
, Eleven.
When young Meade Hamilton of Lowell
HAMILTON IS THE STAR
IN HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL
R- H. E.
Portland 1 S0100000 1—8 15 3
Sacramento ...0 01001023 0 — 7 14 4
Batteries — ThJelman and Shea; Knell, Keefe
aid Hogan. Umpire^ — Levy.
SEATTLE, Oct. 16. — Seattle won its twelfth
straight wme to-day by giving Cutter an
unmerciful drubbing. Barber was hit hard,
but his team mates slugged the ball so hard
that he simply could not loee. Score:
R. H. E.
Seattle 2 3 0 1 2 5 2 4 x— 19 21 3
San Francisco ..01301000 3 — 8 14 4
Batteries — Barber and Byers; Cutter and
ZearfoES.
PORTLAND, Oct. 16. — Portland won from
Sacramento to-day In a game prolonged to
ten innings by a mixture of good and bad
playing. Portland batted Knell oat of the
box in the second. Keefe, who took his place,
was baHed hard, but the hits were Ineffective
for the most part. After holding Sacramento
down for seven innings Thielman went to
pieces in the eighth and ninth and nearly lost
the game. In the tenth he recovered enough
to prevent further scoring. The fielding of
both teanu was as eccentric as the pitching.
The score:
Takes It From Uncle Henry, Giving
Cutler a Great Drubbing.
SEATTLE'S TWELFTH GAME.
The Copper King Company, Limited,
owns mines in Fresno County in addition
to the smelter a.t Bay Point. Its liabilities
« xceod $000,000. It is claimed that $2,0-30,000
worth of stock in the concern was floated
Jiraong investors in the eastern part of
the United States and England before
the company was declared bankrupt. The
hearing on the petition will be continued
to-day.
The hearing of the petition of George
\V. Ade, trustee of the properties of the
Copper King, Limited, to leasa the smelt
er belonging to the company at Bay
Point Contra Costa County, to the Mitch
fll Bros. Smelting and Refining Company
for a period of thirteen months at a
monthly rental of tlo'X), is being heard be
fore Milton J. Green, referee in bank
ruptcy, at his office in the Rialto building.
The petition is being opposed by Sir
Christopher Furness and Frank L. Gard
ner, creditors of the company, which has
been declared bankrupt. They have peti
tioned for a sale of all of the properties
of the company for $205,000. Campbell,
Metson & Campbell appear for Mitchell
Bros., W. D. Kirk and W. D. Mansfield
are attorneys for the two creditor peti
tioners and Mullaney, Grant & Gushing
r<fresent the trustee.
Petition to Lease Smelter at Bay
Point Is Being Heard by
Referee Green.
COPPER KU\Q AFFAIBS
IN PROCESS OF REVIEW
Stolen bases — SDles, Dillon, Ross. Errors-
Hoy, Mosklman, Murdock. Martinke 2. Two
base hits — Raymond, O'Hara. Three-base hit —
Pmith. Sacrifice hits — Ross, O'Harft, Spies.
First base on errors*— Los Anceles 3. First
base on called bajls — Off Graham 5. Left on
bases — Oakland 4, Los Angeles 10. Btruck
out— By Graham 2, by Hall 2. Hit by pitcher —
Raymond. Double plays — Graham to Martinke
to Moskiman; Smith to Dillon. Wild pitch —
Graham. Time of tame — Ono hour and 45 min.
Umpire — McDonald.
SUMMARY,
Oakland— — 1 - Log Angeles. ' •
AB. P. H. P. A. . AB. R. H. P. A.
O H'ra,cf 3 0 11 0;Hoy, cf ..4 0 2 4 0
Moek'n.s 4 0 2 3 l;Wh'lr,2b 5 0 12 4
Sch'tx.2b 4 0 113 Smith.3b 5 1 12 2
Murd'k.rf 4 0 0 3 0 Dillon, lb 4 1 2 15 0
Baxter.lf 4 0 0 3 O'Crav'h.rf 4 11 2 .0
Mrfke,3b 3 0 0 2 6 Ross, If .4 0 1 0 0
Mssrly.lb 3 0 1 11 0 Raym'd.a 4 12 0 6
Lohmn.c 3 0 0 3 3 Spies, c 2 2 0 2 0
Grahm.p 3 110 3 j Hall, p. ..3 0 10 2
Totala.31 1 6 27 15l Totals.35 6 11 27 14
RUNS AJs'D HITS BY INNINGS.
Irts Angeles 020100012—6
Base hits 1 2 1 2 0 0 1 1 3—11
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 — 1
Base hits 1 00112010—6
The lone tally of the Cripples came
about in the sixth. Graham shot a safe
ono out to left and advanced a peg on
O'Hara's sacrifice. Then Moskiman came
along with one of his old timers through
the infield and brought the Cripple
pitcher home. The score: . '¦¦¦ .;>:
The giants made a grand clean up in
the last spasm. Smith responded with a
three-cushion clout to far left field and
Dillon brought him in with a safe bout.
Dillon stole and he lapded when Ross
banged the ball out to center. .
In tho fourth they added another. Spies
walked, stole and landed on Hall's bingle
down the first-base line. Raymond tore
off a double to right in the seventh. Spies
bunted and a wild pitch allowed the little
one to amble home.
The Angels did not start until the sec
ond period. Then Cravath walked and
Ross sacrificed. "Teeley" Raymond came
through with a hit to the right garden
and Spies hit an easy one to Graham.
Raymond ran too hard, and was caught
between third and second. Hall then
walked and , Hoy scored Spies and Cra
vath with a drive over second.
Hall had a good day. Ho kept putting
the ball over the pan and daring the
Cripples to hit it out. They were not
there with a bingle at the right moment.
Were it not for the timely clout of Dr.
Moskiman in the sixth Peter would
surely have left the field without a tally.
is, the southern giants hit the
leather on the solar plexus when they
needed runs. They also took advantage
of the wildness of Mr. Graham when he
waxed wild,, which was often. Score, 6
to L
THE regular Angel victory came about
in a regular sort of way yesterday
afternoon at Recreation Partk. That
The betting in this city was 10 to 4, with
Neil favcritf. It was even money he
would win in fourteen rounds. Reagan is
considered tbe cleverest man of his weight
in the East, which fact makes Neil's per
formance a creditable one.
After the decision hundreds crowded
about Reagan to shake his hand and con
gratulate him upon his great showirs.
He fairly captured the fight fans by hi3
clean, clever style of fighting. It was the
unanimous verdict of the 4000 spectators
that it was "the best fight Los Angeles
has yet seen." Nell was the favorite in
the betting at 10 to 6. Reagan did not
lack supporters and a large amount of
money was wagered on the outcome. Net!
thought the decision was fair and had no
complaint. In the twentieth round the
crowd set up the cry "Reagan," but
it was a case of the sympathy with the
ehort-ender, as the decision of draw was
eminently fair.
Joe Reilly of San Francisco was given
the decision over Clyde Burnham after a
fierce six-round go. It was Burnham's
first defeat.
Xeil forced the pace at most stages, en
deavoring time and again to land his lefi
ripping uppercut, but only once did it land
'air and flush. It put Reagan down and
he took the count to get the rest. He was
up Immediately and put Neil down with
a terrllic left on \he jav. Reagan's be.st
blow was a right uppercut, which he
rcj>eatedly landed on Neil's face and body.
KtQ started every round with a rush an<l
several limes carried Reagan through the
ropee. Hach time he good-naturedly as
sisted the Brooklyn lad to his feet.
After the fourteenth nrund Neil fought
desperately and at times wildly In fcfs
efforts to get in a knockout punch, but
Reagan was too clever to be caught nap
ping. . Reagan showed the better footwork
and was the better boxer at long range.
Nell found this out and kept boring in to
fight for the body. Reagan's ducking was
the cleverest ever seen here. He worked
his way out of some tight corners by his
fast footwork- Neil showed up better at
theclose range milling and tried to keep
close in at all times. ¦
of Brooklyn fought twenty rounds to
a draw to-night at Hazard's Pavilion.
Referee Eyton'a decision was fair and
popular, although Reagan had the senti
ment cf the crowd with him from start
to finish. It was on© of the fastest fights
ever witnessed here. Both were willing
to mix It at all times and the result w?s
Jhat the referee had plenty of work to do
In going between them.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 16.— Frankle N«I1
cf Ban Francisco, champion bantam
weight pugilist, and Johnny Reagan
Reagan Proves the Cleverer
Boxer When Allowed to
Work Away at Long Range
Dr. Moskiman Brings in the
Only Cripple Tally With
Timely Drive in the Sixth
Angels Are Always on the
Alert and Profit by the
Weakness of Oaklanders
Neil Forces the Pace and
Endeavors Repeatedly to
Land Left to the Body
MORLEY'S GIANTS
TAKE KINDLY TO
GRAHAM'S CURVES
FEATHERWEIGHT
FIGHTERS SHOW
GREAT GAMENESS
BOXERS NEIL AND REAGAN FIGHT A TWENTY-ROUND DRAW AT LOS ANGELES
POOR EXHIBITIONS
OF RIDING GIVEN
AT LOS ANGELES
Jockey Waterbury Throws
Away a Race by Making
Wide Turn Into Stretch
Frawley Stops at v All Way
Stations With Favorite
in the Six Furlong Dash
Special Dispatch to The Call,
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 16.— Ladies' day
attracted .the largest attendance of
the meeting to Agricultural Park this
afternoon. The grand stand was
thronged with members of the opposite
persuasion and despite the . sweltering
weather 'many, stood and were bumped
and jostled on the outskirts of the betting
ring. There was no special attraction. '; It
was simply a free show and • all hands
were piped aft to take advantage of it.
Nothing commendable can- be said of
the sport itself. Some rank exhibitions of
riding wero witnessed, but no action of
the judges tended to alleviate the suffer
ing of the syndicate stricken talent. High
ball captured the pace, starting a v favor
ite, and Palonius and Chub headed their
fields home first in running events,
starting choices in the- betting.'
A deal was effected to-day whereby
George Baldwin, nephew of the master of
Santa Anita ranch, will have the pick of
t^ie horses in training on' the ranch. This
not only includes the aged horses, but the
flower of thirty-six grand looking year
lings. Among this latter collection is a
strapping brother to Cruzados, which has
already stepped a quarter in 23 seconds.
The entire string will, be shipped to San
Francisco to race. | On the opening day of
the meeting at the New Ascot track E. J.
Baldwin will hold a big disposal sale. It
Is his intention. to reduce the number of
thoroughbred brood mares to twenty-five
and to devote more time to breeding an
other Derby winner.
If Waterbury «ould hear a horse walk
on a tin roof, . Adnor, a 5 to 1 chance,
would have taken the first running event,
a six-furlong scramble. With the race
well In hand and leading into the stretch
by three lengths he made a turn that
would have made a mountain stage driver
blush and at the wire was nipped and
beaten a head by Angle, a 6 to 1 shot.
Tamm, the 6 to 5 favorite, with Frawley
up, stopped at all ' way stations, finally
taking the show position.
A very trashy consignment faced the
webbing in the five and a half furlong
scramble next decided. Achilles, which
at one time was considered a stake propo
sition, .was Installed a 4 to 5 favorite, but
is only a wreck of his former self. Ester
well, a 15 to 1 shot, jumped away in front,
leading to the stand, where she was col
lared and led by the Judges by Little Se
cret, the second choice.
On the strength of his race In the Derby
Palonius looked almost a certainty for
the seven-furlong selling affair and the
Altamax colt went to the post at even
money. Tullett had the leg up in the first
choice and, after he had indulged Nona B
with the lead up to the stretch turn, went
to the front and won with pounds in re
serve in 1:27*4. < Nona B finished second
and the heavily played Chlleno was for
tunate in being awarded the show. V
Fox Lake let the short end players
down hard by finishing third In the two
year-old sprint. The Chicago youngster
was a 4 to 6 favorite, :but his underpin
ning grew warm and he- swerved badly
the last part. Durbar.'the seconu choice,
piloted by "Big Bill" Knapp, caught Eu
genia B, the Schrelber entry, getting the
verdict by a half length. The latter filly
snowed a world of speed.
All the graduates from the training
school booked Chub to win the closing
mile and fifty yard selection, which he
did. Powell tucked himself away fifth on
the bend for home and there 'cut loose,
disposing of Marelio without effort.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
THE STJMMARIES.
LOS ANGELES, Oct, 16.— Weather fine;
track fast- Summary:
2:18 pace, purse $500, three In five:
Highball 2 1 . 1 1
Iras ...1 s- 2 2
Victor Platte 3 5 3 dr .
4( , 3 5dr
** W r .....6 6 4 dr
Time. 2:14%, 2:17. 2:17.
Six furlongs— Angle, 104 (Henderson), 6 to 1
first: Adnor. 112 (Waterbury), 5 to 1, second-
Tamm, 108 (Frawley), 7 to 6. third. Time'
1:15. Limber Jim, Sherry, Honduran and
Martin Brady also ran. ¦
Flv ?,? n , d x I a 5 alf 8 . selling— Llttl© Se
cret, 111 (Henderson), 2 to 1, first; Esternelle
115 (Guitterez), 12 to 1, second; Achilles 114
(See), even, third. Time, 1:08%. El pii ar
Florista, Rey del Cella, Red Tip and Minnie
R also ran. *
Seven furlongs, selling— Polonius, 108 (Tul-
Jett). even, first; Nona B, 104 (L. Jackson), 12
to 1. second; Chlleno, 104 (Crosswaite) 2 to 1
third. Time, 1:27%. Ultruda. Headstrone
Dwight Way and Annie F also ran? • *.'¦
Four and a half furlongs — Durbar 110
(Knapp), 11 to 5. first; Eaigenia B, 110 fL.
Spencer), C to 1. second: Fox Lake. '113 a
Powell). 4 to 5. third. Time, :35. Atlanl
tico, Leonado. Rosferic and Easter Lady also
ran. . - ,
, Mile and fifty yards, selling— Chub ill 11
Powell), 2 to 1, first; Marelio, 110 (See) R to
2, second; Dr. Shorb, 110 (Smart), 9 'to •>
third. Time, 1:44. TJzona, Erne and Iras
also ran. -. . zz.: : i r
LOS ANGELES ENTRIES.
First race, the Wlnshlp Stakes, 2-20 trot-
Andy McKlnney, Dan Fraser, Jupiter B Ladv
Madison, Potrero, Sutter, Hank, Zombo'yyette ¦
Louise Croner. Grace McK. "«mooyyette.
Second race.' ona mile, selling — First Pn«»
107. Billy Moore 104, Flamero 100. HomaVa
100, Invictus 109, ¦ Dwlght Way 10b Georio
Dewey 109. : t ' " cor *°
.Third race, Pasadena Stakes 'all aees bIt
furlongs— Durbar 92. Miss May Bowdlxh R-5
Kenllworth 120. Dr. Rowell 100, Blissful lw'
Estado 109. Elbenardo 88, Potrero Grande RS*
Fourth race, handicap, six furlonra nl«i
Man 88. Colonel Van 02. Warte NchTlflS
Cruzados 108. Tower of Candles 104 m f
Tarpey 100. E. M. Brattaln 113? ' *' * F *
Fifth race, selling, six furlongs— rW M ar .
tta 107. The Miller 114, Penance 100 Frank
Pearce 114, El Plloto 114, Wachusett 114 1 «i.
cycle 100, Sir ChrlKtODher 114. "¦*./"!-
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap—Cambaceres 100. Diamante 07, Heather
Honey 94. Bragg 108. Solon 111. ' " ealner
Seventh race, two-year-olds, purse. fiv« fur
longs— Alamansor 110, Metlakatla 111 Turtle
110, Lustlgf 114, Fox Iiake.114, Pat Bulger 114
"CORBETT" AND JORDAN
AGREE TO FIGHT. HERE
Representatives , of the . Feather
;,_ weights Have Signed Articles
; for Match in December.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.-Champloh -Young
Corbett and* v Ben Jordan, ¦ the English
feather-weight ,' champion, . have been
matched to meet for the world's feather
weight ; championship. "The match has
been hanging flre for several months. The
fighters' I representatives ,were unable * to
come to terms until to-day;", when articles
of agreement were : signed. - " ?< :.
. ' The fisrht will .'take .place ' before the
Hayes Valley Athletic Club of Ban l Fran
cisco about th« middle tof. December and
will 'be limited ' to ' twenty rounds; ,' The
fighters have . agreed to post forfeits ;Vof
$2Ti00 each with Harry, Corbett assoon'as
Jordan reaches this s country. v .<- The i Eng
lishman ; will ; leave - for " Amertca on ""? next
Wednesday. ;. The weight agreed tupon ' by
the. flghters Is ; 126;pound3 oh'the-after
noon of the contest." ¦¦ h
; t Track "/and -\ weather.; conditions "to-day
.were iperfect.'-fFour' thousand people saw
the record broken! and cheered Driver' Me-
Henry j lustily, as ' h© went 'under the- 1 wirei*
LEXINGTON/ Ky..Oct 16.— Dan Patch,
l:59,';broke the -world's " pacing; record
I to a wagon to-day and came within' a
quarter of a second of equaling his own
sulky .record. ' The previous pacing record
; toji. wagon', was" 2:01^,- made Jby Little' Boy
on ,the r Memphis^trac^/. Da'n- Patch, "cllin
p'ed^two . and a quarter seconds off ithjs
record 'and \ went j the mile ; In '-. 1:59?4. iThe
champion '.'¦ stallion > was . accompanied £ by.
two • runners;- driven , by . Hudson andi-Ma
gulre.V- No '' wind 'shield } nor any pother
speed ; accelerator was . used:'- His .3 time
by auarters^was: K;:30Vi, i:59%,il:29,'» 1:5914.
His i third quarter.- was , made • in ; 29 V4 '* sec
onda:' ¦,'¦':'" .-'.-.. ' . • .' ¦¦> '¦ v ¦¦"¦
DAN PATCH SETS
NEW MILE RECORD
DRAWING A WAGON
Third Race— Mar jorain, Audience,
Great Crossing.
Fourth Race-rHuTBtbourne, Bad
News, Stamping Ground.
¦ Fifth Race— Molly". Brant, Asta
rita, Young Henry.
Sixth '¦; Race-^rHoodwink, Payne,
Wild Pirate.\
First Race— Amur, Gibson Xight,
Enright.;;
Second Race — Reliance, Aurumas
ter, Gold Dome.
NEW YORK, .Oct. 16.— Brighton Beach en
tries:
First race, ona and three-quarter miles,
handicap, hurdle — Baron Pepper 153, Amur 147,
Enrlght 138, Gibson Light 136, Candling 132,
The Rival 136, Sir Ellerslle 135, Goldsby 135.
Second race, six furlongs, two-year-old mai
dens — Reliance 112, Colleen Bawn 109, Totnesa
109, Miss Melton 109, Gay Lothario 112, Sir
Carter 109, Gold Dome 112, Berosa 109, Tower
109, Dutiful" 112, Redman 109, Silver Foot 112,
Gay Llzzette 109, Aurumaster 109, Champlaln
102. Exclamation 112. ¦'.
Third race, six furlongs, filly half of Produce
stakes — Majoram 10S>. Fine Art 106. Algonquin
1C0. Audience 109, Great Crossing 111. / \
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles. Wave
handlcap-^Rostand 106, Sheriff Bell 102, Daisy
Green -08, Moon Daisy 90, Wild Thyme .102,
Highlander 98, : Lord Badge 97, April Shower
00, Lux Casta 112, Bad News 104, Salvatella
98, Stamping Ground 108, Wyeth 106, Hurst
bourne 115, Young Henry 120, Eugenia Burch
112, Illyria 92. , \
Fifth race, six furlongs, heavyweight handi
cap—Young Henry 134, Astarita 121, Molly
Brant 120. Icewater 106, Wealth 118, • Irena
Lindsey 120, G. Whlttler 108. Unmasked 118,
Damon 106, Klnnlkinic 87, Elsie L 100, Mary
Street 00. Meistersineer 93, Locket 90. Ten
Candles 125, Silver Heels 92, Step Away 102,
Athlana 87. ' .
Sixth race, one mil* and a furlong, selling—
Mabel Richardson 100, Lady Potentate 98,
Outsider 103. Sheriff Bell 108. Medal 85, Dr.
Blssell 90. Wild Pirate 98, . Nevermore 92,
Gaviota 87. Hoodwink 93, Stonewall 93, Ethics
102. Caviar - 108, Payne 95, ; Cottage Maid 99,
McMeekin 105, April Showers 106. ¦
Weather clear: track fast.'
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
ByNew York Morning Telegraph. :
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — llaldwn three-year-olds and
upward; one and a sixteenth miles.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey.. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Sabot, 107 (Fuller).... 8 6 1 %
7 to 1 — Peeper, 107 (Gannon) 1 3 2n
4 to 1— Erbe. 107 (O'Neill) 2 2 83
Time, 1:47 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, A. Mollnelll's br. f. by Halma-CIatter
feet Amlnte 107. Mart Mullen 107, Phaon 110,"
Trepan 107, Grantsdale 107, The Captain 110.
Heir Apparent 107. Royal Pirate 110, East
Kelston 107, Home Signal 107, Upton 107, also
ran.
FIFTH RACE — Selling; three-year-olds and
upward; six furlongs."
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Duelist, 109 (W.Flschert 0 4 1 1U
12 to 1 — Vanness, 115 (Wilkerson)13 9 2 1%
11 to lO-i-Black Fox. 115 (Gannon) 11 3 h
Time, 1:18 2-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner. J. W. Schorr's b. g. by Odd Fellow-
Ella Duke. Parislenne 115. Foxy Kane 108,
Futurtta 107, Little Jack Horner 106, Oclawaya
106," Sadueee 107. Neither One 115, Orlorf 108,
Muzlo 105, Caledonlte 105, also ran.
Time. 1:52 2-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner. R. W. Walden's ch. e. by Pirate of
Penzance- Harebell. Colonsay 110, SIr%Roch>»
83. Gold Bell 86, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Handicap: three-year-olds
and upward; one and an eighth miles.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1 — Rlv. Plrate.116 (Coburn). 1. 1 1 m
13 to 10— Injunction. 121" (Bullmn) 3 2 2 1$
11 to 6 — Stoln Momnts.lOy(Gnnon) 0 4 3 4
THIRD RACE — Selling; for two-year-olds*
six furlongs.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. « Fin
4 to 1— Tol San, 09 (Hlggins) 5 111
16 to 6 — G'olden Drop, 10tJ (Fuller) 3' 2 2 2
50 to 1— Judge. 97 (W. Daly).... 6 4 31
Time. 1:13 4-5. Start fair. Won driving
Winner, Pleasance stable's b. f. by Pessara-
Dlana. Valour 109, Hiawatha 102, Fort Plain
104, Emergency 5)6, Nlskayuna 104, Banderilla'
04, Gold Tod 97? also ran.
SECOND RACE— Handicap; for all ages; one
and a sixteenth miles.; . ..
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin
3 to 2— Oarsman, 111 (Redfern).. 4- 11 u
11 to 5 — Eugenia Brch.lU (Hicks) 2 3 2 3
14 to 5— Tribes Hill. 95 (Callahan) 1 2 3 4
Time. J:47 2-5. Start good. Won driving
Winner, L. Kempner's ch. g. by Hastings-Or
tegal. Duke of Kendal 116 also ran.
outright and once when both were
beaten by Oarsman. Good judges of race
riding thought Bullman was to blame
when Injunction lost to River Pirate at
Morris Park, but on each subsequent oc
casion the verdict has been sustained and
to^ay there was no complaint forthcom
ing about the ride.' As a matter of fact,
River Pirate was to-day a good colt and
was ridden by . Qolburn in a new style,
which worked well.; This is called in
England the "monkey on a stick" style.
Each time that Hicks has ridden River
Pirate that colt has been hard punished
all the way. Colburn, on the contrary,
was not required to make ; a move
on him except toward the last
Nevertheless many thought that Stolen
Moments might '•< have brought him
to a hard drive early In the race if she
had not been the victim of a bad start.
Even then Gannon seemed rattled and
rushed her up In. a quarter of a mile. It
was only natural therefore for" her to die
away In. the last furlong and come in
third behind Injunction. Summary: •
FIRST, RAC&-"-SeUlng; two-year-olds; six
furlongs. . •«. ¦ •
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Pin
8 to 1— Wotan, 122 (Hicks). ....... 1 oil
6 to 1 — Outcome. 112 (Gannon)... 4 3 2 h
0 to S — Bobadil, 115 (O'Neill) 2 2 3 V,
Time. 1:14. Start fair. Won cleverly. Win
ner. Hampton stable's b. c. by Wa*mer-Undei
cided. Arlutha 09. Palette 109, Raider 00
Flagstaff 112. Grazlallo 115, Moharlts 115*
Naughty Lady 100, Jasper 110, Cedar Rapids
99. also ran. ¦
BRIGHTON BEACH, Oct. 16.— Three
times 'within'- 'eight days has River
Pirate defeated Injunction, . twice
Special Dispatch to Tho Call,
Jockey Uses New "Monkey
On a Stick" Style; of
Ridjng to Good Advantage
Good Colt Again Defeats
Injunction, for Third Time
Within the Last Eight Days
COBURN PILOTS
RIVER PIRATE TO
ANOTHER VICTORY
'The Blue ."Grass, '2:19; trotting, purse
$2000— Jay McGregor won 'three straight heats
inf2:10%,'-2:09}4; 2:09^.. Kinney Lou. :Lady
Patchie, ¦ Judge - Greene : and Cole ; Direct i also
started.,' ¦ ;^'.,.. . . : * ¦- -'¦ •
t-. Kentucky >: three-year-old, trotters, purse
$2000 Sadie ' Mac •' won' two - straight heats in
2:13, • 2:ll%.-"Katherlne ;A, Llzzlo A and
Wilna -N. also started. ;' V- ¦¦¦'¦¦_ \.---j -"t'^^rfJ
-.- 2:09' class '.trotting, purse. $1600— McKInley
won - third, ? fourth and fifth ' heats •¦ In? 2 :07%,
2 :08^, ' 2 :09% .' ¦* Maston .-won the first ; heat , in
2:09»i. - Belle 'Kuser won .the second heat In
2 :09. r ' Maxine. 1^' Wentworth, '. Dillon ¦ Boy '¦ and
Palm. Leaf also started.'* >i> •*-..- '-•-" I. -*•«'• '••¦¦
• a 2 :16 f class." 1 " pacing, ¦-: purse $1000 — Red Bird
won two straight heats in 2 U0%, 2:00%; Mary.
Gordons Dutch," Mof ery, i Beaver, ! Money s Musk,
Alley; H and Ef fie . At ton also ' started. ¦ ¦> ¦.:¦.. . ;
;."• Dan ¦ Patch! to L beat ¦ world's pacing record of
2 :0H5 to s wagon— Time . by > quartew, ¦ 0 :30 Ji,
.0 W% f }l:»;U:J»?4. . •.- ' . 1-. '
.STANFORD UNIVEBSITY, Oct. 16.—
After a* conference to-day Treasurer Cow
den of I Stanford and Manager • D.ecoto of
California' decided I on the \ followinsr offi
cials for ' the I freshman game to-morrow:
Referee.V Robert Varney, : the former: Re
liance player. \ Pete Kaaraberg,'- Califor
nia, . '99,' "and , John' Now se, ¦ Stanford, 1900;
will alternate as* umpire ¦ and lineman.
Stak'emen and timekeepers, I. J. Muna of
California ' and .W*. • H. ~, Blake of Stanford.
Dan Patch is owned by M. W.. Savage of
Minneapolis.
K The ; thirty-first { annual meeting ; of the
Kentucky Trottine-Horse ] Breeders' Asso
ciation came " to a close tonJay.' Summary:
Officials for ; Freshman Game.
First Racer-Thane,- Alfredo, Mam
selle.
Second Race — Dick Bernard, Clif
ton Forge, Don Domo. \ '•; .
Third Race— Witfull, Incubator,
Lady Jocelyn.
Fourth Race— Ethel Wheat, Gregor
K, Stuyve.
Fifth : Race— Airtight, Barrack,
Bard of Avon. . .!
Sixth Race— Bardolph, Belle Ma
hone, Big Ben.
"WORTH SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean,
WORTH ENTBIES.
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— Worth entries: ¦¦'¦
• First race, one mile— Alfredo 105. Bard
Burns 104, 1 Know 104, Bummer II 104. Firing
LlnelO? Olympian 112. Falrbury 100, Do
Madge 109, Gallant 104. . Examiner 97. Jane
Holly 101. Thane 101, Morendo 94. Mamaelle
94 Sec S o e n rm mc'e. 0 slx furlongs-Proceeds 116. Don
Domo 116, Dick Barnard 112, Diaphanous 105,
Palm Reader 103, Clifton Forge. 105 J. P.
Mayberry 100, Avenger 100,-Dortce 97, Clangor
95. Sauerkraut 08. ¦ .
Third race, one and a quarter miles, the
Columbia handicap— Judg* Hiznes 114. Lady
Jocelvn 112 Nitrate 106. Havlland 106, Jack
Ratlin 105. br Stephens 102. Wlttull 100. Pot
heen 05. LurallKhter 96. Incubator 96, Bond
age 94. Albert F. Dewey 90.' Potheen and Wit
full. . Hildreth's entries. , .
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap—
Schwalbe 11«. Stuyve 116. Gregor K 110. Ethel
Wheat 103. Gyszene 100, Thane 100, Topsoll
95 Muresca 102. Satchel 02. Cyprienne • 92,
Father Tallent 00. ', Topsoil and Thane, Hild
re Finh ei race,' one and three-sixteenth miles,
selllnK— Barrack 102/ Old Mike 09, Bard of
Avon i'S Trocadero 07. Airtight 97. Frangible
OH i Dodie S 80. Mr. Dingle 05. ¦ Little Elkln 94,
Pirate's Daughter 94, Tufts 94, Lord Mel
b °sSux race, six furlongs, selling— Biff Ben
114 Tioga 105, Me"zzo 105, Bardolph 104, Stem
winder 102. Frank Rice 102. The Forum 102.
Belle Mahone 100. Mlram W 94. Safeguard
101. Albemarle 99. Fair Lady Anna 99. Spec
09. Little Mission 99. Goodman 99. Henry Mc-
Damtel 97. - ", "•
- Weather cloudy. ¦. Track t ast.
SIXTH RACE-^-Seven furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 2— Lampoon. 103 (J. Booker). 4 3 1 nk
9 to 2— Mamsello. 101 (Pollak) 5 4 2 1
8 to- 1— Worthington. 107 (Adams). 3 13 5
Time 1:30 3-5. Start straggling. Won han
dily. Winner, J. H. McDerment & Co.'« ch.
f by Lamplighter-Monk. Ponca 101. Tloga
105 Sidney Sabath 105. The Stewardess 107,
Bella ofMilford 109. also rah.
FIFTH RACE— Ona mile; purse: -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 6— Go Between. 105 (Ferrell) 2 1 1 4.
6 to 6— Dungannon. 97 (Phillips). 1 8 2 7
20 to 1— Arnold K. 95 (Rutter).... 4 4 3 1%
Time. 1:47. Start good. Won In a canter.
Winner. Kerr & McNulty's b.' g. by Meddler-
Indigo. La Chaperone 92. Oleometer 100. Sil
ver Spinner 95, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs: purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 2— Golden Rule. 113 (Adklns) 2 2 1 h
12 to 5— Tarn O'Shanter. 97 (Phlps) 5 12 3
80 to 1— Mayor Johnson, 104 (D. ¦
Hall) • 13 3 5
Time 1:02. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. C. E. Durnell's ch. g. by Golden Garter-
Lucille Murphy. Whlaky King 111. Filly Deck
J»7. Tribes 97. also ran.
THIRD RACE— Ona and a sixteenth miles;
handicap: _ .. _.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Major Tenny. 86 (Bonner) 4 2 1 IVi
Even— By Ways. 06 (Wilson) 6 1 2 h
8 to 1— Alfredo, 05 (H. Phillips). .8 3 34
Time 1:51 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. S. C. Hildreth's^ br g. by Tenny-
Rose. Albert F. Dewey 02. Our Bessie 106.
Luralighter OS. His Eminence 105. Huzzah 04,
also ran.'
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; purse: -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % .F in.
11 to 6— Testimony. 110 (Adkins).. 1 1 1 2£
6 to 1— Crockayotte. 110 (Wilson). 2 22 3^
9 to 1— Determination, 105 (Nlcol) 4 4 3 3
Time. 1:02 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, B. Schrelber'a b. f. by Sain-Prize.
Belle Juan 100 Trogon 100. St. Paula. 105, Alar
tius J08 King Croker 103, also ran.
PHICAGO" Oct. 16.-S..C Hildreth'a
entry, Major Tenny and By
\J Ways, coupled in the betting
and backed from 3 to 2 down
to even '. money, ran one, two in
the third and feature event of the Worth
card to-day. The event was a handicap
at a mile and a sixteenth, in which there
were eischt starters. His Eminence, the
$18,000 horse which 3 won the Kentucky
Derby 'two years ago and which was
brought from the East recently by J. C.
Yeager, was an equal second choice with
Luralighter at 6 to 1, but neither got any
thing. .Our -.Bessie -was. prominent for a
quarter of a \ mile, then gradually fell
back to fifth place. By Ways took com
mand on the back stretch and at the far
turn led her. stable companion by two
lengths. In the run home 'Major . Tenny
passed By, Ways and won by. a length
and a half under wraps.: Favorltesiwon
in each event, the talent winning heavily
from the bookmakers.
The track was slow and holding and
slow time was made in . all events. The
weather was cloudy and cold and the at
tendance much better than that of yester
day. Summary: . .
FIRST RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
Betting. Horse.. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Tancred. 100 (Scully) .... 7 2 1 lg
10 to 1— Major Dlxon. 109 (Wilson) 6 6 2 1%
25 to 1— Mandamus. 102 (Minder).. 3 1 3 4
Time 1:63 3-5. Start good, s " W on easily.
Winner V. . Hughes & Co."s ch. c. by ¦ Trouba
dor-Unadllla. Alee 104 Benson Caldwell 1W_,
El Ghor 102. Homily 107, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
His Eminence, $18,000 Ken
tucky Derby Horse, Sec
ond Choice, Fails to Show
Major Tenny Defeats; By
Ways^His Stable Mate, by
Over a Length and a Half
HILDRETH'S ENTRY
RUN ONE, TWO IN
WORTH HANDICAP
THE SAN FBA^s CISCO SATURDAY, OCTOBER IT, 1903;
We sometimes flatter others that we
may be flattered in return.
First Bace— Kiss Quick, Hoof
Beat, Cap and Gown.
r Second Bace — Nina - Fly, Swift
Candle,' Sardian.
Third Race— Wilhelmina, Margie
S, Kings Court.
¦ Fourth; Bace— Two Lick, Frank
Bell, Bridge. -
' Fifth Bace— Our Lillie, Lady Char
iot, Aylmer Bruce.
Sixth Bace — Optional, Dave Som
mers, Quiet.
'£ Seventh Bace— Deer Hunter, Sting,
Nettie Regent.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By New York Morning Telegraph.
ST. LOUIS ENTBIES;
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 16.— Entries:
First race, five and a half furlongs, gelling,
two-year-olds and up — Lady Fonso 92. Tommia
Knight 109. Chorus Boy 110. Kiss Quick 100
Bandillo 95. Hoofbeat 92. Mathilde 108, Soaon
87, Miss Guido 110. Tenny Belle 100. Goudy
105. Cap and Gown 02. Sartor Resartus 83.
Offset 100.
Second race, six furlongs, three-year-olds
and up — Don Erenesto 108. Ultra Vireg 105.
Howard P 105, Sardlan 108. Helen Tarwater
105, La Rouge 106. SwEt Candle 105. Schwarz
wald 105. Arares 105. After the Ball 105.
D'Arcy 105, Mamie Rellly 105. Lady Esher 105
Mlna Fly 105, The ScamD 105. . .
Third race, one mile and seventy yards, gell
ing, three-year-olds and up — Mairhonl 97, Wll
helmina 77, Margie S 05, Decoration 81, King's
Court 01. Model Monarch 101, Cardigan 90,
Susie Letcher 87, Landola 103, Aransas 82,
Honda 73. Pay the Fiddler 82. Roger Smith U3,
SI Ah S6. -
Fourth race, six furlongs. The Laurel handi
cap — Pourquol Pas 87. Bridge 114, Sylvia Tal
bot 109. Frank Bell 115. Buccleuth 89. Two
Lick 09, Hilee 112, Elastic 112.
Fifth race. five, and a half furlongs, selling,
two-year-olds and up — Countess I Clara 105.
SoufrlPre 87, Siddara 113, Aylm«r.' Bruce- 105.
Zlrl 105. Phllada 07, My Surprise 105. Over
hand 97, Haven Run 95, Aleom R 100, Our LJ1
lle 87, Tempt 110, Lady Chariot 100, Sharp
Bird 118/
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling, three
year-olds and up — Burgoyne 105. Star Gazer
105. Avoid 102. Gus Lanka. 100, Dave Sommers
ICO Tom Collins 108. Russellton 105, Quiet 102,
Aules 105; Maverick 05. Optional 103.
Seventh race, one mile and seventy yards.
Belling— Pathos 85, Hejrlra 90, Sting 82, Tros
87. Rossfame 102, The Fonr Hundred IK). Mili
tary 102. Irving Mayor 04. Axares 94, Varna
Fonso 00, Nettle, Regent S6. Deer Hunter $>4,
Chlekamauga 101, Barrica 101.
Weather clear; track slow, j
Automobile Endurance Bun.
PITTSBURG. Oct. 15.— In . the New
York-Pittsburg automobile endurance run
the number of entries was forty-two and
the number of starters thirty-four. There
are now in the Pittsburg garage, after
having covered the entire distance oa
schedule time, 23. Nine dropped out or
had to leave the contest at various points
along the line. Despite all obstacles,
nine cars reached all of the garages on
time or within a few minutes after the
closing hour. None but American tires
was used on any of the cars. Two more
cars arrived to-night and with their reg
istry the last of the racers are accounted
for.
TWO SPBTNTEES CHOSEN
FOB OLYMPIAN GAMES
Abadle of Berkeley and Dunn of
Stanford Will Head the Cali
fornia Team. ."
The Olympian games committee met
yesterday and selected two athletes who
will head the list of those sent to the
St. Louis Exposition next year. The
sprinters so honored are E. R. Abadla
of the University of California and "Wal
ter P. Dunn of Stanford University.
Abadle is a consistent ten-second - per
former, being able to cover the classic
distance in even time under .average con
ditions.
Dunn holda the coast record of 50 2-5
seconds for the quarter mile. This was
made on a slow track. He has covered
the distance in better than fifty seconds
in practice.
The proposed indoor meet at Mechanics'
Pavilion next week has been abandoned.
Many entries were received, but It was
thought the attendance would not Justify
the risk taken.
As there were a number of entries for
the 1000-yard run the committee . decided
to run it off on Berkeley Oval two weeks
from to-day at 3:15 p. m. Three prizes
will be awarded. There will bo no fee
charged. The entries already received
are: Newhall, U. C; Taylor, R. W.;
LJgda, U..C; Garcia, unattached; Marsh,
O A. C; Byrnes, A. A. L.: Rey Clifford,
unattached; H. Clifford, U. C; Harry
Templeman, O. A. C; Hackley. U. C.
Fay First in Swimming Bace.
9
ADVEBTISTnVTlFiNTa. \ _ _ :
Delicate ¦ Children—
Whose development is retarded
.^^m or who are growing too rapidly
¦ jiffiMffiPlrWWB^HJCnH^^ W J f^ r V TKAOC MASK.
predigested food with une-
strengthening properties.
an intoxicant but a real malt
%^^^^^% extract. For weakness, weari-
\ I^^SIwT 3 1 ness and overwork. Best for
i -ii§»Hii Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n. NOTE— The -high- and .low : waters ;. occurs at
the ctty ' fzont ' (Mission-street ¦ wharf,'; about \ 25
United : States Coast and Geodetic; Survey-
Time : .i and Heights ; of;, High, 'and; Low
Wateri : at '¦ Fort Point. ' entrance ? . to ?; San
Francisco . Bay. '•'; Published >. by \ official ¦ au
"thorlty-of ; the' Superintendent.*", :*. v t^; ' f
Sun,' Moon and : Tide.
The' bark Alden Beese was ' cleared : for. Hono-"
lulu . yesterday.' with ; an , assorted*, merchandise
cargo, valued at $26,041, ; and } including ! the
following: 5310 gala 55 ca wine, 2844 ctls
barley, 44,947 lbs bran, 10 ctls wheat, 242 ctls
oats, 10,739 lbs . middlings, 619 bales hay, '69
ctls corn, 7025 lbs meals, 10 cs liquors, 155
A Cargo : for • Honolulu.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. ;
The British ship Forrest ' Hall is chartered
for barley to Europe at 13» 6d,(6d leta direct).
The schooner Minnie A.' Caine proceeds to Eu
reka |to j load redwood for Sydney. :
Salmon Ship Loses Anchor.
The ship Balclutha. which arrived yesterday
13 days from Karluk. lost her anchor and
chain while rounding to off Meiggg wharf The
Balclutha brought 25,157 cases of salmon. The
JittU" salmon tender Chilcat also reached dom
th, days from Pyramid Harbor. reacnea port -
Breaks Her Tail Shaft.
The fteamer Parallel!, from Skagway. is re
ported anchored at Wrapgel Narrows with her
tail shaft broken. The tug Pioneer has been
»ent from Seattle to ber assistance.
Takes a Big Cargo.
The Pacific Mail Company's San Jose, which
EalU to-cay for. Panama and way ports, will
take 2250 tons of cargo. This includes ,700
tons of flour, 1400 barrels of wine aad 160
toes of li "iUiftWil|ftniMi»i|| '
The pilot that was in charge of the Ameri
can BhiD W. K. Babcock on October 10. when
ehe ia reported to have been ashore off Fort
Carroll, near Baltimore, has telegraphed the
owcers contradicting the report. He explains
that he ordered the vessel anchored daring
a gale and that those ashore that saw her
and reported her aground were mistaken. The
Babcock is bound for this port with a cargo
Denies That Babcock Was Ashore.
The Korwejian bark Midaatsol, which on
Thursday was posted on the overdue list at
10 per cent, arrived yesterday at Brisbane.
The St. Munco was advanced to 35 per
cent. The British chip Corolla was posted as
uninsurable. She is a vessel of 1264 tone and
In commanded by Captain Calpln. She is out
139 days from Port Natal for Valparaiso and
'JO per cent reinsurance has been paid on her.
— : »
Overdue Bark Arrives.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ; I From. ' J Due.
Czarina Coos Bay , .'|Oct. 17
S.Monica wr&yg Harbor .jOct. 17
Eureka Humboldt ...'.Oct. ,17
San Mateo Tacoma jOct. 17
Del Norte j Crescent City ....[Oct. 17
Pomona Huiuboldt |Oct. li
Argo . Eel Hivf-r Ports jOct. 17
Iaqua ! San Pedro |Oct. 17
S. Barbara... s a n Pedro ." iOct. 17
Bonita.. Newport & Way Porta. Oct. 17
Columbia Portland & Astoria Oct. 17
Centralia Grays Harbor Oct. IS
Isis... Seattle Oct. IS
Mariposa.r... Tahiti Oct. IS
Arctic Humboldt ..... [Oct. 19
Redondo Ban Pedro 7.. [Oct. 19
Arcata Cooe- Bay & Port OrfordiOct. l'J
North Fork... Humboldt ..iOct. ia
State of Cal. . . Fan Diego & Way Ports Oct. 13
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Oct. Id
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. . Oct. 19
Corona Humboldt ........ Oct. 20
American New y ork Oct. 20
S. Portland... p or tiand & Astoria.. . ..|Oct. ill.
Coos Bay gan Pedro & Way Ports'iOct. 21
Acapulco j; ew York via Panama. Oct. 21
Ramses Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct. 21
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 21
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor .....:. ..|Oct. 22
feanta Rose.... y^,, u leKO & Way PortsjOct. &£
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Oct. 22
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria..... Oct. 22
Coptic china & Japan IOct. 23
Q«een Puget Sound Ports. ....[Oct. 24
Nicarla Hamburg &. Way Ports. Oct. 2t
Rival Willapa Harbor .......Oct. 24
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports .IOct. 27
— - TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
~~~~~ October 17. |
Lakme Arcata direct 5 pm Pier • 2
Chehalls... Grays Harbor '. . . . 5 pm Pier 2
Coronado... Orays Herbor. ..-,.. -4 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt .*:. 4 pm Pier 13
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 0 um|Pier 2
Chico Coquille River..... 6 j5m|Pier 2
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pmlPier 2
Iaqua Humboldt ..llam|Pier 2
San Joae N. y. via Panama. 12 miPier 4o
Alameoa.... Honolulu 11 amlPier 7
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena. ..V. .. 4 pm|Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pmlPier 2
October 18. | ,
F. Leggett. Humboldt 10 am Pier 10
Phoenix Mendocino City.... 1 pm Pier 13
Santa Rosa.* San Diego Way Pts t) am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPier 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 amlPier 2
i October 19. |
Xrgo Eel River Ports. . . 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona. . . . Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier U
October 2O.
Califcrnian. New York "•••••• •••-.. Pier 23
Bonita Newport &.Way Ptsl 9 am Pier 19
Uarda...:.. Hamburg. Way Pts.f 2 pm|Pler 13
Rainier Seattle &" Whateom 4 pm Pier 10
Columbia... Astoria ¦& Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 21. - j.: ¦ . ..
Ar"tata ' Coos B. & Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
Arcala October 22. .
Corona..... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 0
Arctic ...'.. Humboldt..... 4 pm Pier 10
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
N Fork.... Humboldt. V... .6 pm Pier 2
S Portland. Astoria & Portland. 6 pm Pier. 2
October- 23. .', •¦•¦.-
Isls ..... Humboldt Way Pts .'
Siberia....'. China &: Japan.. :.| l"pm|Pier4O
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPier 9
October 24. , |
Coos Bay..: San Pedro &. Way. 9 am|Pier 11
Centralia.. Grays Harbor...:.. 4 pm|Pier lo ,
Barracouta: N. Y. via Panama. (12 mlPler 40
. - October. 25., | ,| .
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. |11 amlPier 24
- October 2G. | = | ¦¦-
3 Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 110 am|Pier- 2
Mariposa... Tahiti ¦ ........ ...Ill amlPier 7
• October, 27. I I
Ncvadan. . . Honolulu • . . ....... 3 pm Pier 20
Rival . r. . .. j Willapa Harbor ¦ .| .4 pm Plcr> 2
FROM SEATTLE. :. .
Steamer. | "- For. i. . Sall«.
Farallon....;. Skagway & Way Ports.": Oct. 20
City Seattle... Skagway, &j Way Ports:. Oct." 20
Humboldt..... Skagway & Way -Ports. Oct.- 21
Nome City.:.. Cooks Inlet & Way Ports Oct.*. 22
Cottage City.. Skagway. &• Way -Ports. Oct. '26
City Topeka.-; Skagway &' Way Ports. Oct.,28
The 8<juadron now in the harbor command
ed by Admiral Glass has been ordered to Aca
pulco for a practice cruise. Thursday is the
day »et for tailine. and the war vessels are
already preparing for the voyage. The fleet
will go direct to Acapulco and will return In a
leisurely manner, getting back about the
mi(3<31e of December. The ships affected by the
order are: Concord. Marblehead. Boston and
•Wyoming. The Marbiebcad has been desig
nated by Admiral Glass as his flagship.
Fleet Ordered to Acapulco.
The Pacific Mail Company's Barracouta.
which came into port yesterday. 23 days from :
Panama, epent the greater part of Thursday
and all Thursday night anchored outside the
harbor awaiting the lifting of a dense fog
which obscuird a]] the guides upon which
mariners depend for a safe passage in through
the Golden Gate. The Karracouta brought 19
passengers ar.d 1800 tons of cargo the latter
Including KXW tons of coffee. ""^"' lne Iavler
On the outward trio, while In the harbor
of Corinto. on September 26, the Barracouta's
nmln truck wes struck, by lightning and
ehattered to slivers. Among the passengers
was Rpv. Marechal Dcljrado, a Catholic priest,
from Buenos Ayres, who is on hla way to
China to engage In mifsionary work. The pas
een«rers included the following named:
Joseph ICorris. Paulina Ferger. Carlos Heine
man, Rev. Marechal Delgado.
Detained by the Fog.
. SAN i PEDRO-^ Arrived' Oct* 16— Stmr Maiida-
' lay/-- hence ; Oct* 14;.' «stmr'. Pasadena,,- from Men
docino; bktn J . M Griffith, . from Port > Hadlock ;
echr, E K Wood, * from Grays ' Harbor. ¦- "¦" •££££&!%
-.¦-"? Sailed Oct ; 16— Stmr Santa • Barbara, . for San
Francisco: .¦¦'.',. ,~.-f ¦¦;;.-¦>.. :.:¦-¦•: : .. . ¦¦,.
r SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct ¦. 16— Schr^ Transit,
from Redondo;: schr Bangor,"from;Grays.Har
¦ bor.- : - ¦•¦¦¦•. : ;? ' ¦ ...: • '*:¦,•"•¦ : ¦¦•*¦¦.'/- ; -' ; --'. ¦-'-•¦ i"
\. ¦: Sailed • Oct • 10— Stmr. Fulton, - for ; San Fran
[clsco.^- ¦ ¦• ;, ' -: ; - ¦'¦;•... ¦¦¦¦ ¦.;>'*¦.¦•' ¦"'¦'.' - ;¦
1" « SOUTH f BEND— Sailed" Oct l(P~Brig ¦ J D
Spreckels," for . San ~ Francisco. - - -. - " «, .:,
¦"-;; SOUTH BEND— Arrived; Oct 16— Schr Mar-"
POINT LOBOS.'- Oct i 16, . 10 : p m — Weather
thi»*k; , wind SW, k velocity : 8 ' miles per: hour. - ¦ -,
-r '.¦•¦ -.: I"; DOMESTIC -PORTS, c - : s v '
TELEGRAPHIC.
Oct 8.* lat 30 N. Ion 15 W. Ger ship Emllie".
from Antwerp,' for f San 'Francisco. ".-- -
>•; No : date, : lat 37 '.N,*, Ion ¦ 13 ¦ W, - Br ship : Bar
core," from -Antwerp, for •''Puget /Sound. '¦- '¦:-. •
Per stmr . Barracouta— Oct i 11, » lat i 26 03 ¦ N,
Ion 113 35 W, sloop Rover, ; from San Pedro,
leaking, one man : hurt, i, bound . to '. Magdalena
Bay. . -Wanted to get a seaman "from the Bar
racouta. "'; -. ¦ •'¦ •¦-- ;--*LW.' --¦••» - ;..,-'..¦.¦ •
' ¦ ;: -. ; '¦ • • • Friday, s October 16.
; Stmr Corona. Johnson/ Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Co. . .• . •
> Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co. •">..* / ' . * : - :
Stmr Santa Ropa,- Alexander, San Diego; Pa
cific Coast Steamship Co. . --
Nor-. Btmr Tellus. Arntzen,', Ladysmlth; R
Dunsmuir's ' Sojis Co." - ' ¦ ¦ * ¦ - -• . '
Bark Alden Besse, Kessel, ~ Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bark St Katherlne, Saunders, HUo; Welch
&. Co. : '. , * •- ¦ ¦
SAILED.
; '.'. Friday, October 16.
Stmr. Noyo,. Ellefsen. Fort Bragg. ¦.¦'¦ -' :
Stmr Corona, " Johnson, - Eureka." " - ¦ '
Stmr Cocs^Bay, Nicolson, San-Pedro.' .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz./ •
¦ Stmr ' Prentiss, 'Ahlstrom,- Bowens: Landing.
Stmr Santa' Cruz, .Glelow,» Moss. Landing.
. : Nor fitmr Tellu8, Arntzen," Ladysmlth. >;?-;'.*?
.Schr Bessie, K, Men-lam. San Vicente Land
. ... spoken. - ¦
CLEARED.
Friday? October 16.
Stmr Barracouta. Trask. 23 days from Pa
nama, via Manza nillo S days.
Stmr CoQuillo River. Dart, 43 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Lakme. Glllespie,\ 45 ' hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Chehalis, Franlzon, 35 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Phoenix, ! Odland. 15 hours from* Men
docino.
Hyvaruine, 8V4 days from
Pyramid Harbor. ? ¦
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 10 hours from Fort
Bragg. !
Stmr Wcstport, Smith, 18 hours from West
port. ">. - ...
. Tug Liberty, Dixon. 3 days from San Pedro,
with two barges in tow. ¦ -
-Ship Balclutha, Bremer, ' 13 days from Kar
luk. - ,
- Uktn Addenda, A strap, 7 days from Colum
bia River. *
Schr Jessie. Minor, Whitney, 7 days from
Coos Cay. • • . .
Schr Emma Claudlna, Jacobsen, 6 flays from
Eureka. • = .• • ¦ .• ¦ ¦*•>> -»:.-„ .
Schr Gem, Benson, 6 days': from Coquille'
River. - Si : . . ,
Schr Albion, Olsen, C days from Coqulllo
Rivtr. ¦
Schr Sequoia, Johnson, 15 days from Port
Hadlock;. Oakland direct. i: -
Schr John A, Olsen, , 5 days from Eureka.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building wag dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. ¦
- J. C. BURNETT.'
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc ' Office, U. S. N\, Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
October 16. .
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column ar.d the successive tides of. the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tides of the
day, except when there are but three, tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign . precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
OCTOBER 17. < :
Sun Rises .6:20
Sun sets 5:30
Moon rises .'.2:51 a, m.
O Tlmel - Timel iTime ITimel
% — Ft. 1 Ft. [ Kt. I 1 Ft.
* H W| |- . ¦ L Wj. |H W . - (L'W|
16 1:23 O.Cl S:16i 5.2 2:04 1.9 8:10 5.0
17 2:20 0.81 9:O0J 5.5 2:57 1.3 0:16 6.1
18 3:09 0.0] 9:411 5.0 3:45 0.8 10:15 52
10 3:51 1.2 10:2ij| 5.8 4:31) 0.4 11:10 5 3
20 4:34 1.4 10:57 5.0j 5:11 O.Oi
21 0:05 . r ».2 5:1.-! 1.8i11:35 5.S! 5:57 — 0.^
23 0:57| 0.1 5:54 2.1|12:12| 5.7| 6:42|— 0.2
The steamship Meteor, which lost her
propeller and for some time past has been
drifting helplessly about In the Bering
Sea, has been picked up and is now on
her way to Eureka. The j Bering Sea is
at best a poor place for a disabled vessel
of any kind and few vessels could be so
altogether helpless as the Meteor without
a propeller. .
At this season of the year these north
ern waters are full of dangers, even for
vessels under full control, and as the
Meteor without a propeller was about
as awkward to navigate as an iron kettle,
the knowledge of her condition gave rise
to grave anxiety.
The news of the Meteor's predicament
was taken' . to shore by . one . of. ,the
steamer's officers, who, with a few hardy
seamen, braved the winter waters in a
Email boat and after a perilous trip mado
land and succeeded in communicating
with the outside world. .
The Alaska Commercial Company's
steamship St. Paul has arrived at St.
Michael, and, according to word received
yesterday from Captain Lindquist, sn~e
passed the Meteor October 9 in tow of:
the steamship Eureka. The vessels were
making slow .but steady , way t toward
Dutch Harbor, for "which port the* Meteor
has a cargo. The Meteor is * well ' known
here and the news of her. safety was re
ceived in local shipping circles . with : con
siderable relief. ' ":1SSPS£
Disabled Steamship Being Towed in
Direction of Dutch. Harbor.
METEOR IS PICKED XJP.
where on the Pacific leaking like
a sieve but fighting her way to ,
Magdalena Bay, sailed, baled, steered and
navigated by one man, her skipper. Cap
tain Hall. Incidentally, Hall is playing
nurse to the man that comprised his
crew, but who was knocked out of com
mission by a blow from a swinging spar.
The story of the Rover's plight was
brought to port yesterday by Captain
Trask of the steamship Barracouta. The
Panama liner sighted the Rover at 5:30 a.
m. on October 11 in latitude 2G.05 north,
lengiture 113.35 west, off the coast of Low
er California. The Rover was flying her
ensign upside down. A strong northwest
er was blowing at the time and the little
vessel was hove to. When the liner ap
proached the sloop Captain Hall hailed
the steamship and asked Captain Trask
for his position. He had been blown off
shore, he said, during the night. A boat
was lowered from the Barracouta and
Captain Trask sent an officer to invest!- .
gate the condition of affairs on the sloop j
and to find out what was wanted. Hall j
said that what he needed most of all was |
assistance, but none of the Barracouta's
crew cared to change quarters to the
leaking Rover. His only helper, he re
ported, had been knocked down by the
boom and completely disabled.' The Rover
was bound from San Pedro to Magdalena
Bay for a cargo of shells. She was then !
out ten days. The sloop was leaking, but
the captain, who said his name was Hall,
refused to leave his vessel. He had plen
ty of food, he said, could control the leak
ing and guessed he could take the Rover
to her destination single-handed.
The Barracouta stood by the Rover for
two and a half hours, and Just before
parting company Captain Trask furnished
the lone mariner with his correct position.
p«qHE little sloop Rover, formerly a
II well-known yacht hailing from
I tbis port, but now engaged in
**¦ . trading from San Pedro, Is some-
pkgs beer. 3000 lbs coffee. 55.110 lbs shrimps.
14,200 lbs shrimp shells, 2400 lbs nuts, 2400
lbs lard, 1081 pkgs groceries and provisions,
2C68 ft lumber, 4000 icals distillate. .1 balea
twine, 1547 bdia shingles, 30 ukza snooks, 400
bdls shakes. 132 cs lubricating oil, 8 bales
hose, 5 cs fuss, 24 pkgs agricultural imple
ments, 15 coiis roye, 14;{ pkgs paper. 200 bxs
soap,- SO pkga powder, 80 pkgs ship chandlery,
121 pkjrs crockery and glaesv.-are. 9 pkgs drugs
and medicines, 1C6O lbs solder. 42 pkgs sew
ing machines. C2 pkgs mtllwork. BO kegs lead.
13 bbls paints, 2SU gals alcohol, 50 cs whisky.
1 pkg machinery. 26 gals ' brandy.
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
SLOOP ROVER THAT LOST HERSELF IN THE DARK ON THE PACIFIC AND WAS TOLD WHERE'SHE WAS
BY CAPTAIN TRASK • OF THE PACIFIC MAIL STEAMSHIP BARRACOUTA THAT ARRIVED HERE YES
TERDAY FROM PANAMA. .
Failures this week number 208 in the
United States, against 206 last year, and
in Canada 28, compared with 24 a year
•SO.
Widely conflicting stories are received
as to the condition of the iron and steel
industry- There is evidence that the de
cline In quotations has been checked al
though It is occasionally stated that spe
cial terms are made on Important con
tracts.
While some contraction in trade and
industry has undoubtedly taken place, it
Is not In proportion to the reduction of 20
per cent In the pig iron output or the re
action in the prices of securities, although
In standard railroads these have usually
proved fairly reliable barometers of busi
ness. Many branches of manufacture,
however, are working full force, with
large orders still unfilled, while the latest
returns of , the crops are most encourag
ing. Finance and labor are the disturb
ing elements this year, neutralized very
largely by favorable commercial and ag.
ricultural conditions. The net result is a
fairly well maintained volume of trade,
offset by conservatism in carrying out
projected new undertakings and proposed
extensions of faciUties. Railway earnings
thus far available for October are 6.2 per
cent larger than last year and 12.7 per
cent above IDOL
In Canada failures number 17, against
19 last week and 15 in the corresponding
week a year ago.
R. G. Dun & Co.'s weekly review of
trade to-morow will sav:
Business failures in the United States
for the week ending October 15 number
203. against 157 l£ist week. 203 In the like
week of 1902, 1S3 in 1901, 223 In 1900 and 221
in 1833.
Wheat, including flour, exports for the
week ending October 15 are 3.2S6.610 bush
els, against 2.27S.172 last week and 5.240.G&S
this week last year. Corn exports for the
week aggregate 4.410,612 bushels, against
3,110,118 last week and 1,180,674 a year ago.
Reports of suspension of improvement
work by railroads come rather earlier
than usual this year, but sales of new
rails, cars and supplies point to much of
this work doing. It is to be noted that
while dry goods and textiles report dull
ness in many places, groceries, hardware
and food products move more freely be
cause of price conditions being easier.
Eastern cotton mills have not yet resumed
in full and are buying sparingly as yet,
but wool is in rather better sale to cover
order* booked. Reports from the Eastern
jewelry manufacturing trade are quite
good, and shipments of nhoes from East
ern centers break all previous years' rec
ords.
Money Is easier at the largest centers,
but while this makes it less difficult to
get accommodation this very fact is rer
garded as evidence of quietness, in many
lines releasing funds which ordinarily
would be inactive. Collections are still
complained of as slow. There are, how
ever, some favorable features in the situ
ation. The indisposition of producers to
meet consumers' demands ie a sign of an
ability to hold, which, whether wise or
not, indicates underlying prosperous con.
ditions.
General trade and industry still lacks
the eyur of insistent demand which has
been so conspicuously present In the
autumn of recent years. Exceptions to
this are noted In the Southwest in the
hardware business, where the demand as
a whole is reported equal to last year, and
at some points in the Northwest and on
the Pacific Coast. In the Central West
business Is fair, but at the East the quiet
ness Is Increasing, and reports from the
South axe rather less optimistic, if some
portion* of Tennessee and Florida, where
crop yields are especially good, are ex
ccpted.
The reasons for tbis are not far to seek.
Sympathetic reflection of depression in se
curities is shown in more conservative
and cautious buying at wholesale. Crops
generally are slow to move. Cereal pro
ducers are apparently disinclined to ac
cept present prices for their products, and
the lower prices for cotton reached some
time ego, with much less favorable ad
vices from that crop, cloud the Southern
aspect slightly. The shut-downs of iron
furnaces fail to stimulate values in this
line.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— Bradstreefs to
morrow will say:
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr May
flower, from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. ' ' * °-
LIV ERPOOL— Sailed Oct 10 — Stmr Arabic,
for New York, via Queenstown; stmr Victor-
Ian. • for ' New York. * ¦>'
NAPLES — Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Prince Oscar.^
for New York. ¦ ¦' ¦ .
MOVILLE — Sailed Oct 1C— Stmr Astoria, for
New York; stmr Bavarian, for Montreal.
NEW- YORK— Arrived Oct 16^-Stmr.Au
guste Victoria, from Hamburg, Southampton
and Cherbourg.
Sailed Oct 16 — Stmr Celtic, for Liverpool.
FOREIGN PORTS,
EAST LONDON — Arrived Oct 12 — Br ahip
Celtic Race/ from Tacoma. * ¦¦_¦* . '
¦ YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct ; 4— Stmr Tacoma.
for Tacoma. ¦.
HONGKONG— Arrived Oct 10— Br stmr Gae
lic, hence Sept 1 11.
LONDON— Arrived Oct 10— Ger stmr Anubib,
ANTWERP— Sailed Oct 15 — Ger stmr Mem
phis, for San Francisco. . - "L £
- IQUIQUE — Arrived Sept 23 — Br bark Ivan
hoe, - from Vancouver. ¦
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK. Oct 15 — Aeents of ship W F
Babcock, which- was reported ashore Oct 10
off Fort Carroll, .have • been advised by pilot
contradicting report that vessel waa ashore,
where ahe anchored during gale.
/, ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Oct IS— Ship John
Currier, from Newcastle. Aus; schr E B Jack
son from Newcastle, Aus; Br stmr Coptic,
from Hongkong, and Failed for San Francisco.
Oct IK— Shin James Dnimmond and brig Ge
neva, from Newcastle. >
EASTERN PORT.
The California Promotion Committee
and the Denver Chamber of Commerce
are corresponding relative to getting con
ventions to visit the West in 1905. Ac-
I cording to the statements made by the
I Denver body, there are booked 178 con-
I ventions of a national character to be
held; in St. Louis during the year 1904. It
is therefore suggested by Denver that by
I concerted effort, on the part of the prin
! cipal cities of the far West
i of the conventions j could be secured for
1905. The text of the,communicatlon from
the Denver Chamber of Commerce is as
follows:
California Promotion Committee: As you of
course realize, this is becoming an age of con
ventions.- Every year sees' ; new ones added
to the already long list, and each year they are
attended | by larger numbers of people. The
advantages accruing to the cities where these
conventions are held are well recognized and
the rivalry to secure them is keen.
We are informed that one hundred and sev
enty-eight conventions of a national character
.are already booked for St. Louis next year. It
has occurred to the Denver Chamber of Com
merce-that if the proper kind -of concerted
effort were made by the principal cities of tin
far West a large number, If not indeed a ma
jority, of these conventions ¦ could be brought
to the West in 1905. Denver Is peculiarly situ
ated in relation to the other Western cities.
Railroad statistics «how that 90 per cent of
all tourists visiting the Pacific Coast stop In
this city either on the way. out or back. We
profit largely from all large gatherings that
can be secured for your town. We have, there
fore, a selfish interest In helping you to secure
such conventions &m you desire, fi Salt Lake
City and Ogden have similar resources for
Joining In a movement of this kind.
We believe that if the cities of San Fran
cisco Los Angeles, Portland. Seattle, Tacoma,
Spokane, Osden, Salt Lake City and Denver
can a?ree among themselves what particular
conventions each city would like, and then all
of them work together to carry out the pro- ¦
gramme as arranged, we cannot fail of success.
This chamber has assurances of the sym
pathy and co-operation of the executive com
mittee of 'the Trans-Mississippi and Irrigation
congresses and of the New Orleans and. St.
Louts Chambers of Commerce. The railroads
will of course aid us to , the limit of their
ability. The great Lewis & Clark exposition
to be held In 1905 at Portland will prove a
magnet that' will help us draw the crowds this
way.' Many of the brightest men from each of
the cities interested will be stationed at St.
Louis r.ext year, and their assistance can
doubtless be secured at little or no cost. Every- ,
thing seems to us propitious for such a move- I
ment. We would like an early expression from j
you as to what you think of the proposal, j
Yours respectfully, • ¦*
_ MEYER FRIEDMAN, President. |
ion. from San Pedro; schr Wawona. from San
D PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Oct 18— Swed
Passed in'Oct 16— Br stmr Heathdene, from
Nanalmo. for Tacoma. 'XlF?n
Arrived Oct If— Br stmr Arab, hence Oct .12
BALLARD- Arrived Oct 16— Scbr • Albert
Meyer, from Monterey. _ ¦ - _ _
KARLUK— To sail about Oct 6— Ship Star
of Ru5Ela. for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Czarina.
Arrived Oct 16— Stmr EmDlre. hence Oct 12.
Arrived Oct lt^— Stmr Arcata, hence Oct 14.
Sailed Oct 16 — Schr Advance, for San Fran-
Oct le^Schr Ruby, for
a pORT an HA < RFpRD— Sailed Oct 17. 2 a m—
Stmr Bonlta. for San Francisco.
ST MICHAK3>-Arr!ved Oct 14— Stmr St
Paul from San Francisco, and reports having
passed itmr Meteor, from Seattle, for Nome
on Oct 9 In tow of stmr Eureka, bound to
D TlcO^i a I-Arrlved Oct: IG^Schr Alice Me-
Donald, from Redondo. - • •
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 16— Stmrs Aberdeen
and Despatch, for San Francisco.
IlEDONDO-^-Arrived Oct 16— Stmr Sequoia,
from Grays Harbor; stmr Asuncion, from \ en
tura. and sailed for San Francisco. .
PYRAMID HARBOR— Sailed Oct 7— Ship
Star of France.- for San Francisco. -
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct IS— Stmr Queen,
he SaUed C Oct ie— Stmr Umatilla. for San Fran
° Passed out Oct 10— Swed ship
Alfhild, from Port Ludlow. for Valparaiso;
schr King Cyru», from Tacoma. for San Fran-
Passed In Oct lft— Br stmr. Arab, hence Oct
12. I for Port Townsend. ¦ .,
-Passed out Oct lfi — Ger stmr Isls, from fae
attle. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Eureka, for
San Francisco; stmr Aurella. for ban Fran
cisco. Oct 10— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran-
ROGUE RIVER— Arrived Oct lfr^Schr Del
Norte. hence Sept 27. . - - n .
Outside Oct 1«— Schr Berwick, hence Oct 10.
Promotion Committee Gets
Interesting Letter on
' Subject.
Railroads Suspend Improve
ment Work Earlier Than
Commercial Activity of
Recent Autumn Years
Lacking.
Wishes Coast Cities to
; IJnite to Secure Con
ventions.
TIDE DEMAND
FAILS OF VIGOR
DENVER OFFERS
TO CO-OPERATE
THE SAN FK^NCISGO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1903.
His One Sailor Struck Down by Swinging Boom/Captain Hall, Aided Only by
His Courage, Is Guiding Frail Graft Through the Ocean's Dangers in
Brave Fight to Make Haven at Magdalena Bay, Lower California
SKIPPER OF LEAKING SLOOP ROVER
NAVIGATES THE PERILOUS SEA ALONE
10
OCEAN TRAVEL.
~~ AMERICAN LINE.
'; NEW YORK-SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON. -
N " York. Oct. 28, 10 amrst.Louis.Nov. 11, 10 am
Phila. . .Nov. .4. 10 amIN. York. Nov. 18. 10 am
,: ATLANTIC TBAITSFOST ilisTE. i
Hew; Yorlt— Iioncon Direct. .
Min'polls.Oct. 24, 8 am Masaba..Nov. 7 0 am
Mln'ha.Oct. 31. 1:30 pm Min'ka.Nov.; 14,1 :30 pm
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
. - ;•; DOMINIOK JUixf . ' -
, Bo«ton— Queenstown — Liverpool."* Lm
Commonwealth . .Oct. ; 22 Columbus . ." ;... . Nov. ' 12
Cambroman., . .Oct. ; 2D Commonwealth. Nov.' 19
Mayflower... ;.". Nov. .5 v. * :
Montreal — Iiiverpool — Short sea passage
Canada.. ... ....Oct. 31|Southwark. .'.... .Nov,--7
Boiton Mediterranean Direct
AZOnES— GIBUALTAR-j-NAPI.es— GENOA.
Vancouver. . ...'.... .". . . . .'?.-: .Saturday, Nov. 21
BED STAS XiXZrc.
- ".Hew yort — Antwerp— Paris. .: '
Kroonl" d . Oct* 24, 10 am j Finland '. . Nov. 7, 10 am
Zeeland.'.Oct. 31. 10 amlVaderl'd-Noix-. 14, 10 am
, WHITE STAB IiINE.
New York — Queens town— Iiiverpool. .
., Sailing, Wednesdays -and; Fridays.
Cymric. .*.Oct,'23 " 7am Victorian. Nov. 3. 3 pm
Teutonic. : Oct. 28, noon CedrlcZNov.". 4,* 3:30 pm
Arabic.Oct. 30.12:30 pni Majestic. Nov. 11.: noon
C '¦: D. ~ TAYLOR. Passenger -Agent, Pacific
Coast, 21' Fost St.. San. Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAlSHA.
;,':¦ (ORIENTAL* STEAMSHIP : CO.) ;-V
: » Steamers n will. leave wharf," corner First 'and
Brannah : streets," at l*p.' m.; iror :YOKOHAMA
and ¦; r. HONGKONG;- calling ; at ' Kobe ( H logo)
Nagasaki ¦¦ and ' Shanghai; ;. and ; •: connecdng v , at
Hongkong " with ' steamers ¦ for India,' etc. No
cargo ' received on board on day/ of sailing. -
S. S. NIPPON^ MARU. .:..-:....".'.........
.. ..-..-. ;..-..... October - 15. 1903
S.' S. rAMERICA'MARU..... .....r.V. ...''.• ¦ ?-.
wsgSrrCTr^/tr.vrrr. Tuesday. - November - 10, . 1003
S. " S. HONGKONG ,' MARD.-.': ...... . .. ;. .. : >«
• -.-' > -..;: i;*r:.';': .~;V: Thursday, <\ December; 3, ' 1903
StVla Honolulu.*; Round-trip tickets at -reduced •
rates: ; For ; frel ght ; . and passage : apply • at : Com-
pany' s 5 of flee," 421" Market ; street,*: ..corner; First. 1
W. H. AVERY.' General Agent.;-
EAILWAT TBAVEL
The North Western*
Union Pacific Excursions
afford unusual opportunities fof, an
economical and satisfactory journey to
GhicagorEast
Excursions Every Day •
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(Main ?1r- "^Ifl* «"ket Street )
ut«,T» — yuust'Ocroitit U. H»C3. — a»mt»
700a Benicla, Sulsun. Klmira and Sacra-
mento •• Voc,
7.00a VacaTille. Winter*. Bam » e r;:-,:;;" 7Z& *
740a Martlne*. San nlon ' I i n Y! ne:o ' B 2Sp
7.30a Nlles. Livermore. Lathrop. Stock- . -
8.00a D»t'is. Woodland." Knigrita Landing. _
Mary.vllle. Oro.Tille v- B "::' inilll
800a Atlantic Expre»»-Ogden»nd East. JO-fl*
8.00a Port Costa. Martlnex. Antloch. UJ-
ron,Tracy,Stockton.8acramento.
Los Banos. Mendota. Hanford.
VUalla. Portervillo ........••••" *-*?*
8X0a Port Costa. Martinez. Tracy. Lath-
rop. Modesto. Mereed. Fre» n . < J»
Gosaen Junction. Hanford. \1-
•alia. BaJcersfleld ..........•,.•-• *¦***
8.30a Shasta Exprew-DaTi.. VkU"" 1 *
(for BarUett Spring*). Willowi,
tFrnto, Ked Bluff. Portland- — .. 7.65?
830a Klles, 8an Jo»e. LlTennore. StocS-
lon.Ione.Sacramento,PIacerTlUe.
MarysTllle. Chico. Red Bluff..... 4.Z5P
8.30a Oalcdale. Chinese. Jame«town. So-
nora. Tuolumne and Angels 4-Z5J
9.00a MartinexandWayStaUons ,S|c»
1000a Vallejo-.... ..1 i.--.^"?" lzzwr
10.00a El Paso Passenger, Eaatoonnd.--
Pnrt rn*t«. Martinez, Byron. .
inursaay, rrmay ana isaturday.
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
1 Choice of routes.
, For full information apply to or address
! R. R. RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTH,
I General Agent, Ccn'l Agent Pass'r Dept.,
I Chicago & North- Western Ry. Union Padfic R. R.
• 617 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
QALIFOR^SA 1
LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
Leaves Riondays OEd Thursdays |
at 8:30 a. m., through In 8 days, |
with diner and all trappings. I
Other Santa Fe Trains:
«:S ?* ™* I '<"• Stockton, Freano, Bakersfleld.
8 : 00 p.* m! ) Merced « Hanford and Visalia.
4.00 n. m. for Stockton.
Tr»cy. Lathrop. Stockton.
Merced. Raymond. Fresno. Hsn-
ford. Vlsalia. Bskersfleld. Lo m
Angelas «nd El Paso. ( wesfi.
bound arrtres via Con*t Line)... «l.Sur
1000a The Overland Limited — Ugden,
Denver, Omaha. Chlcsgo. 2s2
12.00* H»yw»rd. NHe» «nd W»y Sutloaa. S.25r
tLOOP Sacramento River Steamers ...tll.00*
3.30p Benlcl*. 'Winter*. Sacramento.
. "oodl»nd. Knlghtt L.ndlng.
M»ry»»»le, Oroville and wv,*;^
atatlons • A
• Jose. Ltvermore f J11.65A
SXOr The Owl Umlted— rreino,Tnlare,
Bskeraneld, Los Angeles ........ 8.55x
SJDOr Port Coata, Tracy. Stockton. Lot
Daaos ••••• '4»e
tSJOr Hsyward. Klles and San Jos« ,2$|t
BOOT nayw»rd. Niles »nd San Jote 1025a
6-00* drtenUl Mall— Opden. Denver.
Omaba, St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Benlcia. Sol-
iun. Elmlra, Davis. Sacramento,
Bock tin. Auburn, Col fax,
Truckee. Boca. Reno,
worth. "Winnemncca, Battlo •
Mountain. Elko - <•*»»
«.00p Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... t 7.55^
7.00? Vallejo. Sunday only f
7X0r Saa Pablo. Port C««im MarUne* „
'" and Way Stttlons • 11-2SA
8.C5r- Oregon * CnUfornla Express— Sac-
ramento, MaryavlUe. Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-55 *¦
9.10» Hayward. NlleaandSan Jose (Sun- , __
dayonly) ii*OA
11.25, Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Mo-
deito, Merced. Raymond (to Yo-
•emlte). Fresno, Hanford. VI- „_-_
aalla. Bafcewfleld 12-28y_
COAST LI N E (Harrow «aag«).
w (foot of Market Street.)
745a 6anu Crux Excursion 'Sunday
only) S.iB»
8.1 6a. Newark. Centenrille. San Jose,
Felton. Boulaer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 8 25?
t2.1B> Newark. CentervUle, 8»n Jote,
New Almaden. Los Gatos. Felton.
Bonlder Creek. Santa Cru» and
Principal "Way Buttons 10>55A
4.15* Newark. San Jote. Los Gatoa and
way tUtions (on Saturday and
Snnday runs throngh to Santa
Crui: Monday only from Bant*
8:00 p.' m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago, v;;:;
Ticket Offic*: 641 Market Sit., and Perry
Depot. S. F. Also 111] Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
l^p^l^S TO SAN RAFAEL
Kraabg san quentin,
t^n5^^Bff^pJ6^?aa^* ¦¦¦I • iii i I r*y
CAZADERCETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
" Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally— 7:00. '8:00.
•9:00 n0:00. 11:00 a. m.. •12:20.^1:45. *3:15.
4:15 *»5:15 6:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20, 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily— 5:25. »6:35, »7:4O. *8:35. *9:35. •11:05
a. m. »12:20. 1:45. •2:63, *3:45. 4:45. *5:45,
•6:45.-' 8:45, 10:20 p. m. .
Trains marked (*) run to and from San Quen-
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CisCO — Daily — 5:45, 6:53, 7:52. 8:55. 9:55,
ll;20 a. m. 12:S5, 2:00. 3:15, 4:05, 5:05, 6:03,
7:05, 9:00. 10:35 p. m. .
THROUGH TRAINS.
$ 8:00 a. m., Veek days — Cazadero and way
stations.
,5:15 p. m., week days (Saturdays ezcepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. ¦
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and way
stations. . * •-
TICKET. OFFICE— <*2G Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Via Sianlita tmj Arrive
San Francisco foot d jbrkat St San Francisco
Week Sun-, ¦ Sun- Week
-i?^ 3^. da >' s /!^^r^?W^k days Days.
•I 0:03 i * »: ooa K^^S«^ ia:O5p10:40i
•1:46p 9:OOa BB^JbWBW l:35p 3:5Up
5:15p IO:O0a \S^^^^y 2:5Op 5:5Op
11:OOa 4:5Op 9:50p
-* *OoBaect with itaga for Mftw ud WiHoy famp
TIC«r J «2t> Markkt ST.,(Norta Shore Railroad)
0r?i:£3 ) and Sausauto Ferry Foot Market St.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Sgir A^^v Steamers leave San Fran-
/cS^ s ~^$$\. el FCO aa follows:
t£frl For Ketchikan, I 'Wrangel,
A*/ vU^SMft I Juneau - Halnes, Skagway.
! I VtCw^l ) I etc -> Alaska — 11 a. m.. Oct.
I \ «JS©/ ./ 18. 23. 28. -Nov. 2. Change
VfVW /fii t0 company's steamers at
V5ivsV_>^y Seattle.
For Victoria', Vancouver,
*" Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett, Whateora — 11 a. m., O^t. 18.
23. 28, Nov. 2. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for. Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at
Seatt(e or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C. P. Rv. -
For Euieka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Oct. 19, 25, 31," Nov. 6; Corona. 1:30 p.
m.. Oct. ie, 22, 2S, Nov. 3.
For Ii>s Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santc Rpsa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Anseles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Cbispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Oct. IS. 24, Nov. 1.
Bonita, 9 a. m., Oct. 20. 2S. Nov. 5.
¦' For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. ¦
For further Information obtain folder.
• Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-'
ins dates.
TICKET OPPICES— 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway, wharf. .
.Freight office. 10 Market street.
CD. DUN ANN. General Passenger Agent.
- . 10 Market street. San Francisco.
Q. /?- & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Oct. 20, ' 30, ; Nov. 0, 19 29
"George W. Elder" sails Oct. 15, 25, Nov 4
14, 24. Only steamship , line to PORTLAND!
OR., and short rail line "from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to oil points, all
rail or steamship ani rail at LOWEST RATES
Steamer tickets include berth anj mtals"
Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11 a m S
F. BOOTH, Gen. Agrt. Pass. Dept.. i Monti
gomery st. : C. CLIFFORD, Gen. A*t Freight
Dept., 3 Montgomery st.
.;-'..: ¦ ;-. . f ~ ! " ""¦ ! — ~,
S S. ALAMEDA, for.Honolulu. Oct. 17, 11 a.* ni.
S.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 26. 11 a..m.
S S. SIERRA, for - Honolulu, -Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Oct. 1 20. 2 p. m.
'ilSPUCIEUft BW3.M.. «Btj:.rK4Jtcnto,6« Karbia
rnbhtfitfin.32S SarkitSL.FIerla. 7. Pid& 11
and from Boolder Creek tB.Bo*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN tfl'.ANCISCO. Foot of Market St. (311pS>
-t7:15 9:00 11:00 a J*. 100 300 515 r.*.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 J3:09
1S:0> 10:00 A.M. 1200 200 4 00 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad tlaage).
tW (Talrd and Townaend Streeu.)
6.10a Ban Joie and Way Stations 630>
1700* Ban Jo«e and Way SUtloni. 5-3S?
715a Monterey and Santa Cruz Escur-
•ion (Sunday only) 8 30?
800a Sew Almaden (Tnes., Frld., only), 4-10'
8 00a Coast Line Limited— Stopsonly San
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hol-
liater), Fajaro. CastroTllle, Sa-
llaas. San Ardo. Paso Bobles.
Santa Margarita, Sao Lais Obispo.
Gnadalnpe, Sarf (connection for
Loinpoc). Santa Barbara. Sangus
and lot Angeles. Connection at
CastroTtlle to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grore 1045*
0.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos. Capltola,
8antaCruz,Pscifle GroTe.Saltnas,
San Lais Obispo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4.1O
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations .. 1.20?
11.00a Cemetery Pa«3enL-er — South Saa '
- Francisco, San Brnno I.Co?
11. 30a Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Gatos
- and Way Station* 7.30r
»1.30> San Jose and Way Stations xT.OQr
2.C0p £an Jose and Way Stations 59 40*
2.30r Cemetery passenger — South San
Franclico. Saa Brano 4.35?
t3.G0> Del Monte Express— Santa Clara. ,
San Jose, Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Xarrow Gauge Points) M 2-1 Sr
5Z0t Pacific Grore aid'Way Stations —
Marilnirame,San Mateo.Red-vrood. ,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto. Mayfleld.
Mountain View, Lawrence. Santa
Clara. San Jose, f Gllroy. Hollis-
ter, Tres Plnos), Pajaro, Watson-
Tllle. Capltola. Santa Cruz. Cas-
trorllle. Hallnaa ..'.. 1045*
430> San Jose and Way Stations. ...... 3-33*
bXOi* San Jose, (via Santa Clara) Los
G«tcs, Wrightand Principal Way ». •
Stations (except Sunday) 9.00a
55-2Oi* 6an Jose and Prlnc!p»l Way Stations 18.00*
1 6 .1 5 r San M a teo, Beresf ord, Belmon t, San
Carlos, Itedwood. Fair Oaks,
MenJoPark. Palo Alto t943?
E.30r San Jose and Way Stations S 33*
7C0p Snnset Limited. Kastbound.— San
* ¦/¦ Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los
- Angeles, DemlOfr. £1 Paso, New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
arriYesTia SanJoaqntnValley)... w825a
S.OOrPaloAlto andWay Sutlons 10. IS*.
11 .30f South San Francisco. MiUbrae. 1 )
Burllnearae, San Mateo, Bel-
mont, San Carlos. Redwood, ta ._
Fair Oalcs, Menlo Park. Palo ¦ \ti-
Alw>. Mayfleld. Mountain View, «•*»
Sunnyvale. Lawrence, Santa
Clara and San Jose J
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. ? Sunday only.
i Stops at all stations on Susday.
t Sunday exceptad. a Saturday o»ly.
«_Vla Coast Line. »c Vl» San Joaqula Valley,
tar Only trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
Bre6:10A.M..rM«>*.M..ll:H)A.M..2:;X)P.M.aad6:30P.*.
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE -
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAH/WAT coatPAinr.
Tibnxcn rerry, root of Market Street.
SAZT rE All CIS CO TO SAN JULTASX*.
WEEK DATS — 7:30. 9:00. 11:M) a. m - 12-05
3:3O. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11 :."».> p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:00 and 11:30 p. m
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30 3 -20
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 d. m.
SAN BAFAEL TO SAN FltANCXSCO.
WEEK DATS — 6:05. 7:35, 7:5O, 0:20 11-13
a. m.: 12:5O. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. no. *
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p m
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 8:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40 3 4o'
4:55. 5:05, 6:25 p. m. -. \ .
Lepve I In Effect J Arrive
San Francisco. [ Sept. 27, 1303. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- j Sun- J Week
Days. I daya. | tlon. [ days. ( Daya.
7:30 a 8:00 a . 9:10a 8 -40 a
J>:3Oa I«nacio. 10:4O a 10:20 a
f : ™ P 2 : |^P «:<» P «:20 j>
S:10p 5:00p 7:33 p
7:30a ¦ ~ 0:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 10:2O a
3:30 r 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6-20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p . and 7:35 p
5:00 p 1 Santa Rosa.
T:30a ~" ~~ 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p «:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p v
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdaburr, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Oeysterville. 7:33 p «-20 o
..- - - Cloverdale. | '
7:30 al 8:C0al Hopland 110:40 allO-^O a,
3:30 a| 3:30 p| and Uklah. I 7:35 p) 6:20 p
7:30a[.8:00a[ WlUlt3. |7:35p|6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 a! 110:40 a|10-20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Gnernevllle. | 7:35 pj 6:2Op
7:30 al 8:00 at ¦ Sonoma. I 9-iOat s.jo.
5:10 p| B:0Opl Glen Ellen. ( 6:05 p| eisQp
7:30 a} 8:00 al 110:40 all0"0 a
3:30> p| 3:30 pj ,Sebaatopol. | 7:35 l\l'^ p
i COMPAGNIE GENESALE TRAN3ATLANTI3UE.
DIRECT LINE TO : HAVRE-PARIS. '
Sailing tvery Thursday instead of^ROQ^j
Saturday, at 10 a.-m.. from Pier 42. **«S»«^
North River, foot r.t Morton ' street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class - to • Havr*.- $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. : 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York.J."F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, & Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.; ,
Mare Island ' and ; VaUejo _ Steamer*. ;
' Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—^
9-45 a.'nui : 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a; m.; 8:30 p." m.- Leave V&llejo. I
7 a m., 12 :30 noon,: 6 p." m.. ex." Sunday. Sun- .
day 7^ a- m..- 4:15 p. m. Fare, 60 cents. TeL :
Main 1508. Pier 2, Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS- - : ' •-.-¦¦*..'- ¦''-'» -- '; : ';:-- .. -..•.•.
WEEKLY CALL, §1.00 PES YEAB.
v " '¦:'. ¦ ¦ ' ¦' >
STAGES connect at Green Braa for San
Quentin: at Santa Rosa tor Whit* Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altruria and Jfaxlf West
Springs; at Lyttonfor Lytton Springs- at Gev
serville for Skaggs Springs; at. Cloverdale for
the * Geysers. .- Booneville . and Greenwood- af
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs Soda Bay Lak«'
port and Bartlett Springs; at.Ukiah for Vlchv
Springs. Saratoga Springs.; Blue Lakes Laurel
IXsll Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake Pom£
Potter Valley. John Day's.- Riverside LieH^s'
Bucknelfs. Sanhedrln Heights Hullvllle Orr-i
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche * Camn
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City Fort 'Brass-
Weatport. Vial r> at WIHUa for 'Fon Braf|'
Westport, Sherwood Cahto. Covello Laytofl
¦rtlle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris ot
•en's. Dyer; Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and , Elureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
fluced" rates. 'SMB^VS
, On Sunday round trip tickets to an oolnts
beyond San Rafael at half rate. ¦
; Ticket office. tS50 Market .treet. Chronlcla
building w mc "
H. C. WHITING. R.X.RTAXContinued on Page Thirteen.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60«J
4 S5. usual terms; Bakers', Extras, $1 50<<ii tin;
Oregon and Washington, $3 00@4 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 00#4 40 for Bakers';
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ln packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rve
Flour. $3 25; Rye M«al. $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 5004 75; Cracked Wheat! $3 76; Fa
rina, $1 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25<g8 HO; in sacks. $6 75@8 10;
Pearl Barlty, $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Copper was a shade higher in London, spot
closing at an advance of 6s 3d to £54 12s 6d.
and futures 5s hleher at £54 7s 6d. In New-
York the market for copper was dull. Like is
quoted at $I3®13 12%. electrolytic at $13 and
casting at $12 62%.
Lead was steady in New York at $4 50 and
in London at £11.
Spelter was unchanged at £20 5s in London
and unchanred here at $6.
Iron closed at 60s in Glasgow and at 43g Od
In Mlddleboro. Locally. Iron was quiet. No.
1 foundry. Northern, was quoted at $16®16 60;
No 2 foundry. Northern. $15016: No. 1 foun
dry Southern, and No. 1 foundry. Southern,
soft. $15 50.
NEW YORK. Oct. 16. — Spot tin advanced 3s
ftd to £115 5s 2d ln London, but futures were
unchanged at £116 5s. Locally, tin was quiet
at $25 60025 80.
Nezv York Metal Market.
¦ The Poultry ' market was liberally supplied
and easy. The heavy receipts of Western dur
ing the week, aggregating 7 cars, had a de
pressing effect on California^,, and everything
in the chicken line was dull, with prices of
several descriptions quoted lower. Ducks were
easier, ' owing to the competition of Wild
Ducks which were offered freely.
Receipts of Game wern liberal and Included
quite a quantity of Wild Ducks, which were
In good demand. The game wardens enforced
the bag limit law strictly and several sacks
of Ducks were selaed. no dealer being allowed
to handle more than fifty birds. Snipe and
Doves were scarco and firm. Rabbits. Haro
and Gray Geese were in free supply and steady
at the previously quoted prices.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 20@22c per lb for
voutiK and 14«+17c for old: (Jeese. per pair.
|Unas3 Goslings. $2@2 25: Ducks. *4 5C»5
per dozen for old and $5@0 for young;
Hens $5 50<ffC for large and $4 5O@5 for
rmali- youn« Roosters. $1 6QQ5: old Roosters,
$45005; • Fryers.. ¦ |3 5004;. Broilers, $3@
3 50 for large and $2 5003 for small; Pigeons.
SI per dozen for old and $2<i<,2 25 for Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducka. $7 5o@8 per dozen;
Canvasback. $8; Sprig. *«; Teal. $3©4; Wid-
Keon »3<|d4; Spoonbills. $2 50; Gray Geese, $5;
English Snipe. $3 50;. Common Snipe, $1 50;
Wild Doves $1 50; -Rabbits. $1 , 75 for Cotton
tails and $1 25 for Brush; Hare, $1@I 25.
Poultrv and Game.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Fraaciaco. less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8gUc; Cows and Heifers,
7(2 Sc: thin Cows, 4@5c per pound.
CALVES — l«?4%c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3%c; Ewes, 3©ii% c
per pound (cross weight). .
LAMBS — $2 75#3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs. 5%c:
under 150 lbs. 5%©5Hc; Sows. 20 ptr cent off;
Boars. 50 Der cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
oft from above quotations.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaghterers to dealers
are as follows? • «
BEEF — 6<37c for Steers and 5@8c per lb
f °VEAL^-Large. C@7c; small, 8@»c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@8c; Ewes. 7©7%c
per pound.
LAMB— 0010c per pound.
PORK— Drewd Hos», 8^#9^»c per pound.
l>jcal butchers and packer* quote previous
prices, with the demand and supply about
balancing. DRESSED MEATS .
Meat Market.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma , \ 135
Apollo -' 45
Associated Trust Cert 1ft W
Aztec «O
California. Standard 11 13
Caribou ICO 1 1U
Central Point Con Jj3
Chicago Crude -1 .....
Claremont 23 «a
Esperanza •'•• * *° •..-.
FoSr 88 »0
Fulton 3 50 •••"
Giant 20
Hanford i ISO OO 13» W>
Home - »* J «>
Imperial •• »» «»
Independence ls > 2O
Junction • *•
Kern 5°«
Kern River •' •• 50
Lion £* •••;.;
Monarch of Arizona oO fl_
Monte Cristo 'J '»'*
Occidental of W Va 1* 1»
Cnl City Petroleum -«
Peerless 13 SO .....
Pittsbursr • •• JX
Reed Crude *» «-
S F & McKlttrick 2 75 ,.....,;
gan Joaquin O & D » 25 .....
Senator •• ]»
Sovereign 58 41
Sterling * ¦" "'m
Superior w _ \i .
Thirty-three • -•••• • •*»
Toltec . S" "•"
Twenty-«!ght * 20 4 40
\V«st Shore 2W
Miscellaneous—
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 60 2 W>
Alameda Sugar '•¦•¦ jg ">
American Biscuit S3 OO 85 00
American District Tel
Sii^,a & c^rn rt ii^::::: ;£*
Callfornla^Jockey Club 10- CO
California Shipping Co ..... 25 OO
Cal Title Ins & Trust ...... 130 OO 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 CO
Chutes Company » j» *i*iS
Cypress Lawn Imp Co « OO 7 2|
Fischer' s Theater ........... S OO 7»
Gas Consumers' Association. ..... 22 50
Honolulu Sugar « <*> •••¦•
Northern Cal Po w« » J5 . 9 5O
North Shore Railroad 7 CO « OO
Orpheum Company ......... 15 23 1« .*
Pacific States Tel & Tel 115 CO
California'Stock and Oil Exchange
Open. High. lx)W. Close.
December ..$1 .12% $1 12% $112 $1 J2
1 ' 2 p. m. Session.'
December $1 11%.
OATS — A better demand for red and black
for seed is reported, but otherwise the mar
ket chows no change. Offerings are anrnle for
all current needs.
White. $1 'M<qI S2%; Black. $1 40@l 60-
Red, $1 20&1 25 for feed and $12501 35 for
seed: Gray. $1 22%«1 27% per ctl.
CORN — The market has again weakened un
der large offerings from Chicago at lower quo
tations.- The demand is still slack. .
Western, sacked. $1 32% for Yellow $1 32%
for White and $1 30 for mixed; California large
Yellow, $r S5&1 40; small round do nominal-
White. $1 35(?1 40 per ctl.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per otl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 i!i@2 50 per ctl.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Feed, $1 H%@1 15; Shipping and Brewing
$1 2U®1 25; Chevalier, $1 ;.'(,© 1 45 lor fair to
choice.
CASH BARLEY,
2 p. m. Session
No sal*s.
BARLEY— Futures showed no particular
change, but the cash grain was weaker as
will be seen. . "
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11 :30 a. m.
L* Open. High. i^w. Cloe*-
Decemb*r ..*1 41 ?1 41^ $1 10% $1 41^
California Club. $1 40fil 45; California
White Australian, $1 Goffft C5; Northern Club
$1 40(gl 42%; Northern Blue Stem, $1 50@I 55*
Oregon Valley. $1 4P01 45 per ctl.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT— The foreign markets showed little
change. Liverpool cables fcald that the-weath
er In the Argentine was very favorable.
Chicago was l%c higher, with the South
west buying. The exports for the week Flour
Included. a« given by Bradstreet's. were 2.
800,000 bushels. Japan was reported buying
ln India. Minneapolis has a stock of over
4,000,000 bushels, against about 1.000,000 a
year ago, and Duluth stocks are also larger
thnn a yrar a?ro.
In this market futures were higher but the
cash grain was unchanged. The millers are
getting the Wheat, as they are paying moro
than the shippers.
JVhcat and Other Grains.
EASTERN MARKETS.
PEACHES— Are quiet at 7^c for choice, 7%
@6%c for extra choice and 9Vi@10Vic for far.»\
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market wa<?
quiet, with only a very light trade reported.
Common are quoted at 4B5c: prime, 5'4@5%c;
choice, Gig6%c; fancy. «%<fJ7c.
PRUNES — Spot prunes are in moderate de
mand, though they are moving hardly so rap-
Idly as might be expected at this season. Prices
are steady and range from 3',ic to 7c for all
grades.
APRICOTS — Attract a fair demand and hold
ers are firm in th«ir views. Choice are quoted
at »U®'J%c. extra choice at 10@10%c ind
fancy At ll«12%c. ¦' ,
DRIED FRUITS.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 invoice.
5%c; mild, steely; Cordova, 7®llc. .<;iosed net
5 to 10 points higher for futures. December
5<gr.V15c: March. 5.2.V35.35c; May. r).40@5 50c-
July. 5.66®5.60c; September. 5.6065.70c."
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 2%c;
centrifugal, 06 test, 3T£e; molasses sugar, 3%c;
refined, firm.
WOOL— Firm
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— FLOUR— Receipt d,
22.697 barrels; exports, 17.592 barrels; sales,
11.700 barrels each. Firmer nnd held higher.
WHEAT— Receipts. 71,115 bushels; Fpo t
firm: No. 2 red. S5%c elevator and 87%c f o"
b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth. 01 %c t. o. b'
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal, f b' b'
afloat. Ontlons wtre active and steady led
Brain by the December option, which reflecterl
light receipts, higher EnRlish cables, a liberal
short Interest and a bullish cash situation
Foreign houses also bought options. The close
was strong at %i3 ! >ic net advance. Sales in
cluded: No. 2 red. May. 81 ll-lft§S4 5-i<{ c
closed- at 84}4c: December, 66{JS6%c, closed at
S6 T *c.
HOPS— Steady; Pacific Coast. 1003 cron
2S&»c. f.
HIDES— Steady.
New York Grain and Produce.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lV-c under quotations. .-leavy Salted'
Steers 0%c: medium. 8=ic: light, Sc; Cow
Huie« So for heavy and )Sc for llaht: Stags.
Uo- "salted Kip. 8%c; Salted Veal. 0%c;
Salted Calf. 10c: dry Hides. 15@15%c; dry Kip.
Vic dry Calf 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25®
SOc'each- short Wool. 40#60c each: medium. 70
ttOOc- lone wool, $1@1 &O each: Horse Hides,
silt ?2 75 for large and $292 50 for medium.
$1 2 # o(Sl "5 * or small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides drj' $1 75 for larse and *1 50 for me
dium * $131 -5 for wall and 50c for Colts.
Buck' Skins— Dry Mexican. 32c: dry salted
Mexican 25c: dry Central American. 32c.
Goat Skins— Prime Ansroras. 75e; large and
smooth. «»; medium. .Toe: small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; No.
2 4c: grease. Shi'S^c.
WOOL Fall clip — San Joaculn Lanr.bs*. 09
lie* Mldd**? County. 11'cflUc; Northern FVee.
llfil"c- Northern Defective. 10©llc; Hum
boldfand Mendocino, 12© 14c; Nevada. 13©15c;
Oregon, fine. lS319c; Oregon, medium. I7o
Pt HOPS— 20©23c per lb for California and 20©
23c for Oregon. . - ;i *-:' ;....
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
lAira) bankers have received word that the
Secretary of the Treasury has recently re
fused, to accept any offers- of silver, and has
also announced that no more will be purchased
at yresent.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 54 s'Ti
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 gpi*
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 gji>.
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, tier ounce — «lOTi
Mexican Dollars 47 4$
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Fancy Salinas Fusbinks were less active,
but as supplies ,were moderate, prices were
unchanged. River and Oregon Eurbanks con
tinued quiet and very vrea.k. ¦ There was no
inquiry for River Reds and ¦ the quotations
were largely nominal. There were no fresh
arrivals of Sweets from Merced, but carrled
ovcr ftock was abundant and weak. Onions
were a little easier, although not quotably
lower. The recent advance in prices caused
quite an increase In the receipts.
Receipts of .vegetables were rather light nnd
prices of several kinds were higher. Tomatoes
were rather scarce during the early trade an«l
were firm at 40@50c per box. but the market
weakened upon the . receipt of heavy supplies
late In the day nnd closed weak at previous
Trices with quite a. surplus unsold. Green
Corn 'Okra Summer Squash. Egg Plant and
Lima Beans were tn light receipt and all those
descriptions were firmer. Wax Beans were
scarce and firm, while String were plentiful
and weak. Green Peppers were .In good re
quest and steady at previous prices.
POTATOES — Hurbanks irom the river, 50®
75c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25@1 45 per
ctl: Oregon Burbanks, 73^ l)0c per ctl; River
Reds, <5O@75c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1 25@
1 '35 per ctl for Merced and ?1"25 for Stock
ton.
. ONIONS — 60<SS5c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 75c@$l 25 per
sack: Green Pens. 2©Jc per lb: String
Beans l%'R2Vic per lb; Wax,.3$3%c: Lima
Beans 4©5c per lb; Tomatoes. 25@50c per
box; Summer Squash. 35$jr50c per box; Cab
bage toe D«r ctl: Carrots, 75c per sack: Cu
cumbers, 40<Jt50c per box; Garlic, 3®4c per lb:
Ureen l'eppere. 3."ii50c per box for Chile ard
r.0(?i75c for Bell; Green Okra. 75@90c per box;
Egg Plant. 40*g60c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
5iu<iM2 p«»" ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
DRIED PEAS — Grcsn. $1 S0g2 per ctl
BEANP- Bayos. $2 30-Q2 40; P£l. $3 2.1;
Butters, $3 »¦•; small White, $3@3 25; large
White $2 .'¦5'ff2 SO; Pink $2 40; Red. $2 Mfp
,T: IJm.1. $."*?:; 10; Red Kidneys. $4 25fi 4 3.V.
Blackeye $2 90Q2 C5 per ctl; Hcrse Beans,
$1 40^1 50.
SEhJD!: — Rrown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, $2 65; Flax, $1 70(Sl 80: Canary,
G^f-VAc for EaFtern; Alf«ilfa, 12Q13ci Rapo,
l4i@2%c: Timothy, &36',>.e; Hemp, 3U@."«%s
per lb; Millet. ZQd\~c: Broom Corn Seed. $1'O©
23 ;>er ton.
Lima Beans are off again and weak at th*
decline. Large White continue firm under the
demand for overland shipment which started
up tome days ago. Bayos and Finks are low
er, while Red Kidneys are quoted rather
higher. The market is irregular and unset
tled.
Beans and Seeds.
'">iicazo «a« higher on the day. though th»
packers'were selling. The Fan Francisco mar
ket waa quiet ar.d featureless.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy 13c for light medtum, 10c for light.
J5%c for extra light. 18%c for sugar-cured and
10c for extra surar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15'-i©15*ic: California Hams. 15
01!M4c: Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess.
$12012 50; Family, $13@13 00: prime Mess
I'o'k $19: extra clear. $25; Meas. $20; Dry
Salted Pork. 12%e; Pis Pork. $2S; Pigs* Feet.
S5 25- Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
UrUD— Tierces qvoted at 7%o t*r lb for
compound and 0%c' for pure; half barrels,
pure, 10c: 10-lb tins. 10%c; 5-ib tins. 10%c;
"cOTTOLF.NE' — One half barrel. 9%c; thre«
half barrels. 9%c; one tierce. 0%c; two tierces.
»>ic; five tierces. It He per lb.
Provisions.
Northern California — ClouJy Saturday; proh-
Bbly rtwmvn In northern portion; light fouth
e«it win-is: fop along the coart.
Southern CaHfcrr.ia-— Fair Faturday, except
cloudy alcnr Um coast: light westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Pan Frsnr:sco pnd vicinity — Cloudy Satur
day: fo« in the morning and at night; light
«' f ?t v.-ir<ir. >-r.<.rpine to southeasterly.
A. <i. McADIE, District Forecaster.
th» temr^rsturr has fallen twelve decrees
&t Eureka. Elsewhere in California there has
b*en bat little chang". In the great valley
¦ftemooa t'-mperaturer ba\-e exceeded >> <i*>.
tr*tt,' and conditions have been favorable fcr
roifin making.
F' r^str made at San FranciFco for thirty
h^urs. midnight. October 17:
I^st This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Feason. Season. \
Kureka O.OO 3.17 .72
Red mart O.OO .44 .0*
Facramento O.O"> .14 .12 I
P*a Krar.cisco ... O.OO .17 .21 |
fresno 0.0i» .00 It.
Independence .... O.OO Tr. 30
H. L. Oblspo O.m .02 Tr.
Iv* Angeles O.W .43 Tr.
fan Diego 0.00 .08 .02
THE COAST RECORD.
a K E 2 2 U
STATIONS. J f"* »
Baker 80.22 «* 34 XW Clear
Carson 30.<^g 74 S2 K near .00
»;urrka 30.00 5«s 54 W Cloudy .00
FRroM^n 2!».i«*5 .V5 ,14 NW Cloudy -O(»
Fr^sr.o 29. *S »2 fA W <near .on I
r~ar«afr 2S«.P<i «W 3tJ E Hear .OO
Independence .3O.C»> 8-4 :•* EE Oear .int
Ivs Angel**. .VS.90 Si> r<2 W Clesr .<»»
>lt Tarr.a!pais.30.«irt 7S 6S NE Clesr .00
North Hea4...2».»« <5S 56 PTZ Clear .00
Photnix 2».M PO f.<5 E « lear .Ot
V'y.sifUn 29 (Te»r .00 I
Porrlard 29.T»» 74 4«5 C Oear .«>* I
Point Reve». .2S<.f>4 «o .",2 N'W" F'-gjry .**> !
K«a Bluff 29-fto 92 &8 SE Oear .00
F.oseburg 21.98 7S 42 W Oear .00
facramtnto ..2!*.^» DO <>"• K <*lesr .0/>
Salt LsJce Sft.22 «4 42 NW Oear .Ort
fan Francisco 23. : : S 6<J 54 W Clear .00
S. L. Obifpo .29.1*4 W> 4<5 N Oear .OO
Fun Diego .... 2<» . *4 ** R8 N"JV Oear .OO I
Seattle 3O.A4 «* 40 N Clear .00 1
Spokar.e r!r».2> 04 32 NE Oear .OO I
Teroofh 2».P2 .'.8 4S ' E • Oear .00
V.'alia Walla. r>0. 14 «4 40 S Clefir .uo
Winnerr.U"ca .r>r».i2 7H 26 NE Oear .00
Vuir.a 2$».«!O 94 5« NW Oesr .no
" WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th»re has W-en but little change in pressur*
duilug th» past twenty-four hours on the Pa
r'fir Coast. There ?<re indications of the np
r^'-erh cf a disturbance on the Oregon Coast
and high easterly \vin<*« arr. reported at the
fir northern stations. Fog prevails along the
COMt frr.m S»n Francisco to Eur«-ka and brisk
nortbu-ert wir.dt with To<r »re reported At the
Ksrsllrwjes in4 Pci'it n»yeF.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Oct. ¦ 1C— Wheat— J/jc higher-
Bluestem, 80%c; Club, 70%c. ;
FORTLAND. Oct. 15.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
75c; Bluestera. 7Pc: Valley, 77c.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
SPUTTLE. Oct. 16.— Clearinrc, *:j20 037
balances. Sf>6.1S.\
PORTLAND. Oct. 16.— Cl-arlnir*, $82.\.V57
balances. $75,905.
TACOMA. Oct. 16.— Clearings. $333,021
balances. J.M.S40.
SPOKANE, Oct. 16.— Clearings. $479,442
balance?, $01,148.
Northern Business.
ST. LOUI?. Oct. !«.— Wool dull, nominally
unchanged: medium crades cnmblnR and cloth
ing. lT3'22c; light, fine, 15*il7%r; heavy, fine
121?14'.ic; tub washed, 20^30<r.
St. Louis Wool Market*'
CHICAGO. Oct. lfi— CATTLE— Receipts.
SOOP, Including 5W Tcxans. Market slow. Good
to prime ftteers. .$5 I0'tfJ> 85; poor to medium.
$.1 5O'g4 75: stockers and feeders. $2 2T.@4 10;
cows, $1 40^4 40: heifers, $2#4 78 j canners
$1 4Of 2 5<>: bulls. J2{}4 25: calves, $2 50®
7 25; Texa?-fed steers, f2 75*53 f>0; Western
steerf, $3-g4 30.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day. 12.000: to-morrow,
f»ooO. 10ff?20c lower. 'Mixed and butchers'.
?,1 50ifjf> 10: go<vl to choice heavy, $5 75'3fl;
roi'Rh heavy. ?"> 2."j(pTi «5; light, $5 ,~>01f'8 l."»;
bulk of Faloo, $? flOfiS 00.
SF1EEP— Rcrpipt«. 10.00O. Shee r and lamrn.
f teady to 1.V lower. Goryl to choice wether?.
$3 25f4: fair to choice mixed, (MS; Western
fheep. *2 25ff4; native lambs, "|3 Eo^'i 75;
Western lambs. ?3 75i?5 25.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
The market continues In very good condi
tion for sellers, the demand for almost every
thing in the ll*t being good.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots. 7©9%c fcr Royals
and 9"811c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
4%S5%c; sun-dried. 3%g4c: Peaches. 5®7c;
Pears. 6@10c; Nectarines. 4®5%c; Fit's, white.
4S4"tic In boxes; Plums, pitted, i'QSs per lb.
PRUNES — 1003 crop. 2%@3Uc tor the Jour
sizes.
RAISINS— Followine are prices free on
board to common shipping points: Imperial
clusters. $3 per 20-lb box; D-hcsa. clusters.
$2 50; fancy clusters. $2; 3-crown London Lay
ers, $1 65; 2-crown London Layers, $1 _45; 4
crown standard loose Muscatels, b'tf^c per
lb: 3-crown standard loose Musca'tls. 6Vi@
Cifcc; 2-crown standard Muscatel*. 6@6Uc:
PeeOless Muscatels. JVc; Seedless Muscatels,
floated. 5V 4 c; Seedless standard Sultanas. 5c:
Thompson Seedless standard. 6c. The follow
ing quotations on Eeeded are for a limited
quantity only: Fancy, 10 ounces per lb. 7%c:
fancy 12 ounces per package, 6%c; choice, 16
ounces per lb. 7%c; choice. 12 ounces per pack
age G\*c; fancy, bulk, per lb. 7%c; choice,
bulk per lb. 7 Vic
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13%c; No.
2, 11 %c; No. 1 hardshell, 13c; No. 2. lie;
Almonds lie for Nonpareils. lO%c for I X L,
10V«c for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langue
c"qc; Peanuts. fi4J7c for Eastern: Pecans, 11®
13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50<S5; California Chestnuts,
10f315c per lb. '
HONEY — Comb, new, 12ij314o for white
and M&llc for amber; new water white ex
tracted 5V> ! &'C%c; light amber extracted. 6c;
dark. d%C4%c.
BEESWAX— 27U29C.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Morning Session.
Board —
30 Paauhau S P Co 1« 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co OT OO
Afternoon Session.
L 10 S F Gas & Electric Co 68 00
00 Spring Valley Water Co, s 10... 40 00
10 Spring Valley Wat#r Co 40 00
Alaska Pack. — 155 lOceanlc S C — «%
Cal Fruit As. 04 — Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Wine As. — 86 IPac C Borax.l«7 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Hana P Co. — 15c Kllauea S C. — «
Hawaiian C. 44% 46', Makaweli C. 20% 22
Honokaa S C 12% 13% Osomca S C- 32 33
Hutch S P C 9% 10% i-aauhau S C 15% —
Giant 66 8S Vlgorit — 8
SUGAR.
. SAVING? BANKS.
G-r S & L. — — ISav & U See. 03 103
Hum S & L. — — Seo Sav BJc40O 600
Mutual Sav.. — — lUnicn T Co. — —
B F Sav IT. 600 — »
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 2OR lPresldio ...» — '• 41
Geary — SO I
POWDER.
Ala A W Bs. — — O T Co Cs.. — 114
Bay CTC 5s. 103 105 Do con 5s. 103 —
Cal C O 5s. — 104% O W C g 6s. — 97%
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 6a 75 79
m 4 rt 5». - 102%'Om R C 6a. — 122%
Cal-st 5s — — Pac G Im 4s. — —
O C Wat 3m. — 102 P E Ry 5s. — 110
El. &P 6s. 125 130 P A C H 6s. — —
F & C H 6s. — 116% p & O R 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — »O Powell-st «s. — 114
H C * S 5%«il01 — S E G&R 5s. — 103'i
II C A B 6s 98*;iOO SP A SJV3S — 117
Ho R T 6S..10SV410S S R of C ««. 112% —
1. A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6«
L. A Ry 5s.. — 113% «10Oft» .;... — 108
Is A L, Co 6s — — <1910> 108%109
Dogtd «s.. — — S P of A 6s
Dogti 5s..l02%105 «1903)Sr A.1C3 —
LAP lem 5s. — 103%' tl006)Sr B.103 —
Mkt-st C Cs.llS — I ilJWft) 104T4 —
Do lem 5s. — US <1912> — 117%
NRR of C 6s — 1O7% ! SPC 1 eg- 6a. — 113%
Do Ss 114 116 Do stmp<J..108%10»
N P C R 5s. 106 — S P B R 6a. — 131
N C R 5s.. — 112% S V Wat 6s. 106% —
N C P C Js. - — Do 4s 2dm. 99 00%
N S R It. ..10O 102% Do 4s 3dm, 93 —
O G L II 5s. — — jctkn G&E 6a. P3 —
O T Co 6s.. — 121 IIT G & E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 3* 47 [Port Costs^ — —
Marln Co ... 61 — (Sp V W Qo 39% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC,
rent L & P. 3% 4% S F G & E.. 68 —
Mutual E L. 11% 11 S F* Gas S 3*i
Pac G Imp.. — 53 Stock G * E .1 —
Pac Lighting M — U G A E. . . — —
Sac E G A R — —
TRU3TEES- CERTIFICATES.
SFG4E..M 67 f
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.325 350
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 L P A A — 170
Anjrlo-Cal . . — t»5 Mer Trust . .223 —
Bank of Cal — 4*5 Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S F Nation!. — —
First Nation! — —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s <jr coup.. — — 4s qr fn«w). — —
4s qr reg.... — — )3a Qr coup.. — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
FRIDAY. Oct. 16—2 p. m.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL..
Wheat— . Oct. Dec.
Opening >."ominal fi 5%
Closing C 5-v«
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening ". .. . 21 35 •* 21 00
Closing 21 35 21 00
Flour —
Opening t 30 75 2R 20 .
Closing 30 50 2S 20
SAN r-RANCT5OO. Oct. 16—5 p. m.
Tho following Arc the seasonaJ rainfalls to
<«.te «s compared with thoee of the same date
last ««eason, and the rainfall ln the laet twen
ty-four hours:
<120th Meridian— Pacific Tlme>
Weather Report.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, O^t. I.V— The bfarf w*r*
Brtwa to covpr thPir fhort contracts in the
CM»*CC to-days trading in thp stock msrket.
uvi before the c!o«» w«>r«> ln something like a
panic, buying in all <Sir*-oti<-nf in heavy vol
ume. The early Ftajrf-s cf th* tf«e ww- viewed
wiiti apparent wmiplactnej i>y the larg» out
standing ehort inter«>*t. In the expectation that
t»i* rally would h* untmiiortar.t, as has proved
to b* the case so often of late. Their confl
dcr.c^ u-as increak^d t> th» fact that Amalga
mated Copper rr.a<!c but a fwble re?poti»» y^s
t«*«-day and this mortiinp to tho dividend decla
rstion. although thf outRtaniiing short interest
in that stock was relieved to -have grown to
.«*»» largo rroportioiiF. An actual 1 decline of
a point ln Reading second rreferred on the
declaration of H« initial dividend also pointed
to the conclusion thst good news was tak»n
«dvantag« of to liquidate rtocks. But the fact
Ucame very «vld*rt early to-day that the
rrt-fsure of licjuidation was almost entirely re-
Uif-d. Evm the much-enduring industrials
wt;re frt* from the recent Indiscriminate sell
ing and were suffered to hold up their heads
and msde rom<? scattering advances. The bears
*>egsn to diroover that in offering prices down
thty were not meeting their recent invariable
VucceES tn dlMolging celling orders and induc
inar liquidation. There were heavy portions of
the market, notwithstanding this general ten
dency, notably in the Pennsylvania group and
the aathracite carriers. The reduction In soft
coal rates to the FeAbrard and reports of clos
ing down cf «dditlor.al anthracite collieries
were supposed to be the cause of this heavi
necs, but the suspicion grew that these stocks
were deprcts*d to facilitate covering ln ether
Tiarts of the list, -lieyond the cessation cf the
ji:Miif'.i liquidation there was very little
news to account for the turn in the market.
There «a« m. very rarorable Ftatemect cf Aug
ust earnings by Missouri Pacific showing
«rroe» earnings for that month of upward of
3M.O00.O0O. an unprecedented feature, while the
increase ln net earnings over laet year rached
f293.O0O. A compilation of earnings over
ti<t;*ty railroads for August indicates that their
"net gain in earning* over last year averages
more thnn 16 per cent. These facts may have
Played a part in Inducing buying, although
they hate been consistently ignored fcr some
time. The reported contract of the United
*-'tat*s Rtc-^1 Corporation for furnishing steel to
a great shipbuilding company in Great Britain
was also regarded as a promising development.
The demand of the employes of Manhattan
failed to create alarm.
Banks fceem to have gained upward of a
million dollars of canh r<--*<?rvrs for the week.
mo that already a week's advance has been
made without th* development of the custom
ary Western demand for currency. The arrival
at the mid-Oetob^r reason is felt to insure the
eafcty of the wrn crop. But whll* these fac
tors may have aided in the recovery, the dom
inent fertrsr evidt-ntly was an agrresslve lead
ership tit the market against the ehort Interest,
which was made successful by the cessation
<jr liquidation, the banks having apparently
completed a procrss of clearing out undesira
ble collateral, which they have been pursuing
for eorne time past. The rise or 3% In United
M8tMi Steel preferred and of 3% in Amalga
mated made those stocks the market leaders,
although there were some less active stocks
which showed some larger advances. In the
UKual prominent storks th*>re were general ad
wmrcf cf 2 to 3 points and the market closed
buoyant at the top.
Bonds shared moderately in the strength of
stocks. Tcul sales of bonds, rar value, were
$3.fce9.000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Open. High. Low. Close.
Atchison OO.StiO «K5% 64% 66%
At chit or. pfd ..... 7(K) R8% K7% rj?%
i'.alto A Ohio Sl,f»O() 75^ 72% 75
Tialto & Ohio pfd. 300 fcft 87 m;%
(Canadian Pacific... 12.800 120% 118. 12O%
Central of N J 15O%
Che« * Ohio 1.100 .TOU 28% 30U
Chicago fc Alton .. 9.700 26% 24% 25%
Oil A Alton r*d.. 1.2O0 CJ%» 62 63-
Cbicua & G w... l,oot> 13% 1414 uji
Hay and Feeds tuffs.
. Bran and Middlings continue firm, with fln«
Middlings selling up to $29. , Hay is working
into . better • tone again, as receipts have been
less excessive during -the past few days
. BRAN— $21 60&SKt per ton; ,v
MIDDLINGS— $25®29 per ton.
SHORTS — $21 &0©;El per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled .Barley. $24025 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at th« mill. $26i&26 50; Job
bing, $27@27, 50:. Cocoanut Cake. $21@22; Corn
MeW, $32 50fi33: Cracked' Corn, $33@33 50;
Mixed Feed. $22 C0@23 50; Horse Beana, $2S@3i>
per ton. - . . .
HAY — Wheat," $13®16, with sales of extra
choice at- $16 60; • Wheat and Oat, $12 60®
15 60; 'Oat, $12 60®I4 60; Wild Oat. ' $11 50@
12 60; Barley, $10@12 60; Stock, $9@10; Alfal
fe, $10^11 60 per ton.
.STRAW— 40Q 65c per bale.
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— The demand (or De
cember wheat was quite sharp, but offerings
were limited and as a result the source of
that delivery showed a good gain. ; Shorts
were active buyers throughout the entire ses
sion and the demand from this source wax
responsible- for much of the advance. Opening
here prices were^ steady on private dispatches
from Liverpool stating that Japan was buy-
Ing wheat in India. December being %c lower,
to V*e higher at 79%c to 79%c, out with the
market* in the Northwest showing a good
advance early In the day prices here followed
suitr and continued* strong for the . balance of
the session, although there were some alight
recessions on realising. December sold up to
80%c and closed at 80%c, a gain of 1c for the
day. . 1*1 ffTllsMilwiJ "lliL
' Continued dullness In trade discouraged corn
holders .and there was heavy liquidation of long
lines,' with' commission-houses also selling.
After sellinr between 44%c and 45%c Decem
ber closed %©%c. lower at 44%c. Local re
oeli>ts were 323: cars. . • < ; ..'.vi
. A feature was . the trading - In oats, but
eclllns out through brokers . brought • a ; long
Chicago Grain Market.
Do pfd 90% Rand Mines 0%
Halt •& Ohio 75 'i Reading .23%
Ches & Ohio 29% Do 1st pfd .... 39
Chlcaro O W... 15 Do 2d pfd .... 33
Chi Mil & St P.. 139% Southern Railway 17%
D*Beers I9%| Do pfd ....:... 73
Denver & R G... 1ft% Southern Pacific. 41%
Do pfd C» Union Pacific- .. 71%
Erie ... 2S ] Do pfd £7
Cons for money.. 88%|N Y Central 119%
Cons for account. 88% Norf & West.... 67%
Anaconda 3 vi i Dp pfd ' 89
Atrhlson 66% (Ontario & West. 20%
Money — Mining —
Call loans 3^4 Adventure .... 3
Time loans B^AHouer * }V
Itonds — Amalgamated ... 3s2
Atchison 4s OR- Daly West ... 30
Mexican Cen 4s.. 68 Blngham ... .-;.-; 21%
Railroads — Calumet & Iiecla 440
Atchison' 6 r >?i;Centennlal ... ' 15a'
Do pfd 8.8% Copper Range ." 4C%
JJoston & Albany. 248 Dominion Coal . «J8U
Do»ton El»vated..J3(5% Kranklln 71;
N Y N H & H...193 Isle Royale 5
Fltchburg pfd ...134 Mohawk 37%
Union Pacific ... 51% Old Dominion ... 8%
Mexican Central.. 10% Osceola 62
Miscellaneous — Parrot 17
American Sugar. .111% Quincy .;. 83
Do prd ..' 1I7H Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Tel i Tel. 123% Tamarack 70
General Electric. .146 Trinity 5*4
Mass Electric ... 19 United States ... 17%
Do pfd 77 Utah 25U
United Fruit 95 Victoria 2U
U S Steel 13% Winona ... 7%
Do pfd 61% Wolverine 63
Westinghse com.. 67
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 101 Little Chief 06
Alice 14 Ontario 4 so
Hreece lOjOphlr 1 33
Brunswick Con .. <H, Phoenix (ofd) 07
f'omstock Tunnel. ..0C'-4!Potosl " ' 20
Con Cal & Va 1 20'Savage ....*.*. "*"* 25
Horn Silver 1 ©0, Sierra Nevada 44
Iron Sliver 1 55 Small Hopes .* ' is
Lcadvllle Con .... 02 Standard .... Y.'.l 60
U S ref 2s. reg-..10rt%!L & N unified 4s R8%
Do coupon 106U.Man con gold 4s 100%
Do S*. reg 107%|Mexican Cent 4s.. 70
/ Do coupon 108k Do 1st Inc 14%
Do new 4s, reg. 134 |Minn & St L 4«. 06
Do coupon 135 |M K & T 4g.. 87
Do old 4s. reg. 110%) Do 2ds ; ?6
Do coupon" 110%iNat R Mex con 4s 74
Do 5«. reg }°i^ !N * y C « nt « en S V>* 98
Do coupon .....102% N J Cent gen 5s. 128%
Atchison gen 4s. »8% Northern Pac 4s. .101 C
Do adjst 4s 83%i Do Ss ... . 701?
Atl Coast Line 4s 90 U Nor & W con 4s 95
Bait & Ohio 4s'.. 9»% Or S L 4s&partlc 90%
Do 3%s 93%:penn conv 3%s 96
Cent of Ga 5s. . . .105%iReading gen 4s.. 0T.
Do 1st inc C6 !PtL AIM con 5s. 100 U
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO2 !Ft L S W lsts 95"
«: & A 3%s. ...... 71%St L & S F f* 4s »1»1
O B & Q n^w 4s. 92V 'Seaboard Air L 4s 85
C M&St P gen 4s.lOG% Routhern Pac 4s.. 85%
C & N W cons 7s.l31% Southern Ry 5s ..112V4
C R I & P 4s.... 71% Tex & Pac lsts.,115
I>> <~ol 5s 71 Tol St L & W 4s. . H8
rcc & StL gen 4s 9« {Union Pac 4s ..101%
Chi Term 4s 73fci Do conv 4s .... »4%
«"on*ol Tob 4s.... 5414 XT S Steel 2d 8s.. 70%
Colo & South 4s. 83 Wabash Ists I1514
D & R O 4s 9*% Do deb B 53 U
Erie prior lien 4s. »6% Wheel & L E 4s. «.»,%
Do gen 4s 83 Wisconsin Cent 4s 89
T, 1 W . * , D F, 1 , 11 - 18 '"* Col ° & I con 5s 67%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO4%
Chi & G W B pfd. 100 25\ 25% 25%
Chicago & N W... 11.700 158V* 155% 157%
Chicago Term & T 400 8% 8% 9%
Chi Term A T pfd. 1,000 1« Tj6 17%
C C C 4 St Louis 300 71% 70 71
r-olorado Southern: *00 12% 12 12U
Colo So 1st pfd... 400 49% 49 49%
Colo 60 2d pfd... 700 19% 19'i ¦ 19%
Pel & Hudson ... 100 150 150 153 >
IV1 Lark & West 232
Denver & Rio G... 100 19*4 19»i , 20
Denvrr & R G pfd 650 68 67% 68>4
Erie 32.300 28»; 27% 2S%
Erio 1st pfd : 3.500 67 «6 «5
Erie 2<i pfd 2.&00 49 4S 49
Great Northern pfd 100 165 105 l«0
Hocking Valley . . 300 71 70 f9%
Harking Valley pfd 75
Illinois Central ... 200 131 120 131
Iowa Central 300 1S% 18 lS^i
Iowa Central pfd.. 400 S3% 32 82%
Kansas City So... 500 18=i 17% 18%
Kansas C So pfd. 1.200 ."52 30% 31%
Louis & Nash 5.600 00*; 07% 8»%
Met St Railway... 2,300 104% Iffii, 101%
Minn & St Louis.. 100 42% 42% 43
Missouri Pacific ... 23.70O 90% 8S $*'%
Mo K«n & Tex... 500 17V* I" 17 1 *
Mo Kan & T pfd. 1,300 36% 34 35 U
N R R of Mex ?fd 39
N Y Central 8,100 117% 115U 1'7%
Norfolk * Western S.COO 57 55% 5«" 8
Nor & West pfd £S
Ontario & Western 1.2oo ZIM 20 21 %
P*nnsyl\ania 48.700 1)9 118% ns%
Fltt* C C 4 St L. 100 f.9 r«0 69
Reading 2S.400 47^ 45% 47%
R»-ading 1st pH -- 100 76 76 76
Reading 24 pf<l .. 100 64 64 «i2%
n-vk Island Co... 18.400 25% 23% 25%
Rook Island Co pfd 900 f.8% 57% ,1S%
St L & S F .15
St L & S F 1st pfd CO
St L «• S F 21 pfd. 4OO 45'i 44% 45
St Lou's S W 700 H 12 T (, 13T«
Pt Ixmis S W pfd. 1W 32% 32% S2' t
Ft Paul 27.300 13K' 8 135% 13S
Bt Paul rM •-.'• 170%
Southern Pacific . . ll,9«0 42% 40% 42%
Southern Rail^av.. 3.400 18% 17% 18%
Southern Ry pfd.. 600 73% 71% 73%
Tex 4- Pacific .. 1.300 23% 21% Ci»4
To! St L & West. 100 16% 16% 16%
Tol St L & W r'd. 300 24% 24 24
rnion Pacific 40.800 72 «0% 71%
Union Pacific pfd.. 200 85 84% 1*4%
•V.abaFh 1.200 1«U 17% IS
¦Webash pM 2.800 30% 20% 2»H
Wheel * L Erie 1»%
Wiscon»in Central. 300 1*3 15% 16
Wisconsin Cent pfd 3.500 35*4 34% 35%
Express Companies —
Adams 223
American 100 ISO 150 180
T'nitM States 100
Welis-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper .101.4<»0 3S% 34% 28%
Am Car A- Foundry 5.400 20% 18% 20% ,
Am Car & Fiy pfd 1.800 «*>% 63 6.'.% '
Am Unseed Oil ..... 9
Am Lin Oil pfd 27
Am Loromotlv- .. 2.10O lgt; 11 13
Am Ujcomo pf1... 1,400 73 68 72"%
Am Smelt & Rfg.. l«.6OO 40^i 36% 40U
Am Fm & RTg pfd. 2.600 85% 81 85%
Am Sugar Refining 10.300 112 109% 111%
Anacon Mining Co. 7O0 6T «H« 66%
Brooklyn Rap Tr&n 10.500 33 1; 30% 33
Colo Fu«l & Iron.. 1.400 20»A 2«% 28
Col «• Ho-k <"oal.. <W»O 11% io»i 10%
Consolidated Gas . 1.200 174«. 4 172 174%
Oen*ral El*>ctri<?. . . 1,000 147 143 146'
lr.tematl Paper .. 100 11% 11% 11
Int Parx?r pfd 300 01% 61 61
Interne tl Pump 32
Int Pump pf.l 7o
National Bisruit . . 1OO 34 34 34
Natiorsl L«ad 4OO 12% 11% 13
North American .. loo 72% 72% 12'\
Pacific Mail 300 19% 19 19%
People' k Gas f«2
Pressed Rtoel Car. 1.S0Q 31 29U. 81
Tresd St Car pM.. 800 71 68 70%
Pull Palace Car.. 200 210% 209 20S
Republic Pte"l ... 300 8% 8% 8',;
R*P Fteel pfd 1.000 67 55% 56%
Rubber Grods 14
Rubber Goods pfd fi.9%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 3.000 2»% 27 2f>ii
it P Leather 1. 100 fi% 6% 7
IJ S Leather prd.. 1.000 75% 72' 75
t' S Rubber 200 9% 9 0
IT S Rubber pfd.. 100 35% 34% 35
t! S Steel 31.100 14 13% 13%
D S Steel pfd.... 63,400 62 58% «i *:
¦Western Union 61%
Total sa!**. .'. ..729,500 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions, 6000 at
$7« .S7%; 211.000 fit $77.
NEW YORK BONDS.
California Powder Works (new corporation)
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 50
c»nts i>er share, payable October 20.
A sale Is reported .of thirty shares Ameri
can National Bank at $120.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota has declared * regular monthly divi
dend of 25 cents per share, payable October 28.
Recent oil assessments are: Oakland Oil
and Aspha-ltuzn, 1 cent, delinquent Nov«mb»r
14. and Linda Vista Oil. 2 cents, delinquent
November 14.
It was another, dull day tn local aeeurttie*
and the only changs of consequence was a
decline in Gas and Electric tn tlw» afternoon
to $tfC. Th« oil stocks continued dull and
featureless.
Articles— Open. ': High. Low. <f Close.
rxttemberf" new7 79% K0% 79% 80^4
May 79% S0«4 79V 4 80%
Corn No. 2 —
October 4494 44?;. 44^ 44>4
December .45% 45% 43% 44%
May 43% 43% 43% 43>/a
Oats No. 2—
October 36^
December 36% 36«4' 36%
May 87% 38% 37% 37%
Mess Pork, per bbl — i
October 11 30
January 1190 12 07% 11 00 12 O7»4
May 12 05 12 20 12 05 12 20
Lard, per 100 Ibp —
October 6 62«4 6 65- 6 57% 6 60
December « 07% 6 67% 6 65 « 67%
January 6 65 C 72% 0 65 a 72 %
May 6 70 6 75 6 70 6 75
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
October • S 1*5
January ....... 6 35 « ?7% 6 32% « ::7%
May 6 42% 6 42% 6 42% i\ 42%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. » wheat. SogSO'ic; No. 2 red, R0%
@82c: No. 2 corn, 44Ti®45c; No. 2 yellow.
40%c; No. 2 oats. 38%o: No. 3 white, :;5%@
S8c: good feeding barley. 41®42c; fair to
choice maltinr. 47©58c; No. 1 .flaxseed. 95c:
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 02%: prime timothy
seed. $2 80; mess pork, per nbl, $11 SO®11 33:
lard. r>er 100 lbs. $6 65@6 70; short ribs sides
(loose), $6 50-57: dry salted shoulders (boxed).
$0 12%gO 25; short clear sides (boxed). $8*2
8 12%; whisky, basis high wines, $1 25; clover.
contract grade. $10 75glO 65.
Articles — Receipts. Shipnvnt?.
Flour, barrels 26,000 14,500
, Wheat, bushels llO.SOo ••o.4(m»
Corn, bushels 153.200 41O.90i>
I Oats, bui>h«ls 239,300 232,000
Rye,' bushels 56.000
Barley, bushels 97,700 18.200
On the Produce Exchange to-day the b-jtter
market was rtrm: creamery. 15%Ci20%c; dairy,
14<518c: eggs, firm at mark, cases Included.
18@l»%c; cheese, steady, 114rll%c.
Flour, or sks .. lO.JWS'Hay. tons 477
Wheat, ctls 1. MS Tallow, ctls ... 22T.
Wheat. cUs ... 88,751 'Pelts. No 770
Rye. ctls 465! Hides. No 1,041
Beans, sks .... 2.260i Quicksilver, flsk 2
Potatoes, ska .. 2. 400i Leather, rolls .. 12.1
Onions, sks .... 1,100, Wine, gals .... 80.3O>
Bran, sks .... 810 Brandy, gals .. 4.-V0
Hops, bales . . . 330 Sugar, ctls 82>>
Wool, bales . . . 408 Chicory, bbls . SA
Middlings, sks.. 70*5, Lime, bbls 317
FOR FRIDAY. OCTOBER 18.
Receipts of Produce.
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets^ — Half
barrels, 0.10c: boxes. 6.35c per lb. No orders
taken for less than seventy-five barrels or its
equivalent.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10. — The following table,
complied by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
October 15, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Percentages.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec.
•N«w York $1,077,118,203 3«.7
•Chicago 1S4.W9.D45 11.3
•Boston 1S3.100.146 9.1
•Philadelphia .... 101.834.762 15.1
•St. Louis 62.«3O,40O 6.8
Pittsburg «2.1S».1O7 6.2
•San Francieco ... S2 S26.CS2 4.1
•Baltimore 25,536,303 6.7
Cincinnati 20.821.200 2.2
•Kansas City .... 26,717.041 16.6 ....
Cleveland 15.027.5!*} 8.0
•Minheapolle 13.804,722 10-1
•New Orleans l«,0C7,30S 12.9
Detroit 10,274.600 8.2
•Louisville ........ 10.130,903 2.4
Omaha H.100.03S 8.1
•Milwaukee «,l«4.7O«5 17.3
•Providence 4,167.000 • J.O
•Buffalo «.127.4€5
•St. Paul «.207,243 10.7
Indianapolis 5,S7S,4SR 2.9
Los Angeles fl. 553. 213 '
•St. Joseph 4.6O4.S5»<*, 3.1
Denver 4.073.420 3.4
Richmond 4,315,151 4.1
Columbus 4.6R5.C0O 7.8
Seattle 4.K5C.31S .... 4.(1
Washington 4,241.3.15 14. R
•Savannah 5.7B1.259 30.5
Memphis 4.711.JU5 8.4
Albany 3.702.605 1.5
Salt Lake City... 2.914.S03 25.4
•Portland, Or 4.630.ftS2 4.5
•Toledo 3.257.803 0.4
Fort Worth S.666,401 2.D ....
Peorla 2.768.534 J 9.0
Hartford 2.420.303' 10.6
Rochester 2,«7«i.lfiU 2.:»
Atlanta :i.78S.8ll 1.«
Des Moines 2.472.823 10.3 ....
New Haven 1.747.500 12.7
Nashville 2.307.393 18.1
Spokane, Wash... 2.456,653 13.1
Grand Rapids 2.114.232 13.8
Sioux City 1.360.533 10.7
Springfield, Mass. 1.468.2ti* 1.4
Norfolk 1 .725.305 15.5
Dayton 1.130.867 1.2
Taroma 1.972.7W 9.4 ;...
Worcester 1,401 .8»3S> .... 26.0
Augusta. Ga 1.8-12,«»4 3t.O
Portland. Me 1,614.383 12. C
Pcranton 1.826.543 56.7
Topeka 1.S24.160 10.8
Syracuse l,2nx.81» 12.8
Kvannvili* 1.145.3*3 20.9
Wilmington. Del.. 1 .302.030 «.7
Birmingham . 1,030,332 .... 1.9
Davenport ¦ftW.333 14.2
Fall River 1.005.533 10.7
Little Rock 009.218 12.1
Kntxvllle 1,095,00.1 20.6 ....
Moron -l.O44.O0O 8.0
WilVesharre 030.007 ,6.5
! Akron 701.600 3.1
I Springfield. 111... 1.065,711 77.5
Wheeling.. W. Va. 766.402 0.8
Wichita 712.555 15.2
Youngntown 000, tW> 6.3 ....
Helena 709.628 21. R
Lexington K12,7*>1 7.6 ....
Chattanooga * 755,450 13.2 ....
Lo-m-ell 535.240 IT. 3
New Bedford 549,017 0.6
Kalamazoo 70£,26(! • S.1.0
Fargo. .V. D 712.737
Oanwi. 0 534.6O0 ik.i
Jacksonville. Fls. 7K5.01C 17.1
Or»ensburg. Pa.. 4*19, b90 J7.0
Rockford. Ill 477.002 31.3
Fprlngfleld. O.... 272.S63 15.6
Finghamtcn 3'J7.4OO .... ....
I Chester, Pa 470,76" SS.tJ
, Bloomington. 111.. ' 3«fl.lM 5.8
I Quincy. Ill 350,193 37.4
Sioux Falls, S. D. .108.160 0.4 ....
Mansfield. 0 244.UK7 36. <* ....
Jacksonville. III.. 197.46R 13. S ....•
Fremont. Nebr... 1*0.176 '13.9
Guthrie, O. T. . . . 77<M*t
••Decatur. Ill 281, CM 17.8 . ..
•••Houston 1R. 736.294 13.4 ....
I •••Galveston 10,813.000 20. S
; Charleston, S. C. 1.403,«»84
| Total?. U. S.... $1,037,997,210 .... 2T3
Outside N. Y... M«>.87«,95<5 0.2 ..::
CANADA.
Montreal $20,427,107 10. 2
Toronto 12.740.0.V4 12.3
Winnipeg 4.612,017 11.3
t Halifax l,<iS.1,723 28.5
Ottawa 1,917.275 20.7 ....
Vancouver, B. C. 1,148, 7M 14.5
Qurtwc 1.321.000 s.2
Hamilton 00O.S10 «.<?
Ht. John, N. B... '900.240 4. ft
Victoria. B. C »43,«»S 50.3 ;.;.
••London . ., 711.097 7.9 .'..".
Totals, Canada. $17,216,643 .... ~4~2
•Balances paid in cash. »»Not included In
totals becauso of no comparison for last y*ar.
•••Not included ln totals because containing
other items than clearings.
New York stock market srjeral points higher and buoyant.
Local Stocks and Bonds still inactive.
government buying no more silver at present.
Wheat futures higher. Barley rather easier.
Better demand for Oats for set ding.
Corn lower, under heavy offerings from Chicago.
Bran and Middlings firm and Hay steadier.
Beans unsettled and fluctuating. Limas still lozver.
Butter and Cheese still in abundant supply. Eggs very scarce.
Dried Fruit market still in good condition for sellers.
Hides, Wool and Hops as previousl\ quoted.
Xo change reported in live or dressed Meais.
Poultry market liberally supplied and weak.
Wild Ducks apcin in season. Receipts rather large.
Potatoes and Onions in good supply and weak.
Summer Vegetables in smaller receipt and firmer.
Fresh Fruits quiet. Fresh Limes and Bananas offering.
Do 1st pfd «S US Steel 13'i
Do M pfd 49 Do pfd 58?4
Illinois Central ..133H Wabash I7>i
Louis & Nash . .100'i Do pfd 30
Mo Kan & Tex.. 17
Bar silver uncertain, 28%d per ounce.
Money. 1V-62 per cent. The rate ot discount
ln the open market for short bills is 3%S;5Va
per cent, and for three months' bill* is 3 »-16@
3% per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
FISH—
Barraeouta — (515 Sea Bass — <fl5
rarp 10<51^^J Smelts — *>15
ratflsh — ,-X12»i. Soles 10@12'.o
Codfish — ©i-Vi Skates, each ....lOffilS
Flounders .-. .inji— Squid — @—
Halibut 1MJ'— Tomcod 12VV.«—
yierrins — «— Turbot 2i/ft—
Mackerel — 8 — iTrout, Salmon... — 'fi'W
Do horse LI'S- -ITrout — ©40
Rockflsb —^12'AfBrook Trout — 6-o<J
Salmon, fresh. .—igK- V.hltefleh 10^—
Vo snicked l.VyVf Clams, gnllon ..30'<J—
Sardines W&— Do hardshell. lb Sf?.]O
Shrimps -i?10 Crawnsh. lb...l2%<Q15
Shad lev— Crabs, each — @ —
Striped Bass . ..15<§20 Mussels, quart. — «12H
Perch U'W — Oysters. Cal. 100.404*50
Vonipino — 5?5C Do Eastern. dz.5C©10
Kockcod — «?i5
COAL, PER TON— ,
Wellington .$—010 00 New. '
Seattle $— <fc 8 50 Wellington $— 010 00
Roslyn $— # 9 00 Coos Bay . -¦* — ©? T SO
Richmond ..'.$— & 9 SOlGreta $^-@ » °°
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice, sq.55(g 65 Common Eggs •-35O4O
Do good Ranch Eggs £°®55
Do packed, lb. — @30 Eastern Eggs ..30&o5
Cheese, Cai I.V.. .:: Honey, coinu. per
Cheese, Eastern. Mfl-23 pound • • •— ®r5J
Cheese. Swiss. . .25^35 Do extracted .. 5>@1«
MEATS, PER POUND—
Bacon lS@25[Pork Sausage. *.12ViglJ«
Hams i 1V& It Smoked Beef — @-°
Lard 1-'V,@— I
The San Francisco Butchers* Protective As
sociation gives the following retail prices for
meats :
Roast Beef 10#2f Hludqrtr Lamb..lS@2ft
Tenderloin Steak.lSSjl* Foreqtr Mutton.. 8®10
Portfrhse. dull'- Leg Mutton .. .12^015
Strloln Steak.. 12V4«H;. [lutton Chops. AWiplS
Round Steak ..10fm'-y Mutton Stew 8S10
Beef Stew — >a\i- Hoast Veal Ylffito
Corned Beef SKI© Veal Cutlets U>®->>
Eoup Hones 4Q — Veal Stew 12ViWl5
fcoup BIrat 5#1f Koast Pork ...12 '-<••
I-amb Chops i~dt# pork Chop 15©18
Koreqtr Lamb.l2U©l"
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 50S75 Rabbite. each 20@25
Young Kocsters, Hare, each — @20
each 60ff75 Wild Doves, dr.. SI 50
Old Roop;-»ra. ea.60«&" English Snipe. dr.*4 50
Fryers, each . . .Srt««0 Jack Snipe, doz. .$2 50
Broiler*, each ..40tf.M» Gray Geese, each — ffOO
Turkeys, per lb..2C@28 Teal Ducks, ea..— @40
Ducks, each 75cjj$l I Mallard Ducks.ea— ©75
Ofse. each $1 75'WldR'n Ducks, ea— ©75
Goslings $2 OO'Sprlg Ducks, ea.60#75
Plxwns. pair . ..— 0.V) : Small Ducks, ea. — ©25
Squabs, per pair. — @t>OlCanvas D ks,ea?l§l '-3
FRUIT8 AND NUTS—
Alligtr Pears, ea.25«35| Lemons, doi .... 15025
Almonds 15®2ii Nutmeg Mel, ea. C-f»10
Apples 3<S 5 Oranres.'doz 25'tfo'i
Cantaloupes 1O@1J. Persimmons, lb — 6t 8
Cranberries, qt.. — &ll> Prunes, lb — <3 8
Pecans — @20 I'omeeranates, ea2H>»^
Braell Nuts 20<t— Peaches, per lb...S®10
Bananas, dor.. ..25ft5C pears, i>er lb... 5® 8
Chestnuts 155J2O Pineapple*, ea. . ,25'it5<i
Cocoanuts, each.. — ftlO Qulnc*s, lb 39 5
Dried Figs, pr lb— 010 Raisins, per lb.. 6«'5
Fresh Figs, lb...lO-?l." Raspberries, dr. .40060
Grapes, p*r Jb.-.S® 5 Strawberries. p«r
«rape Fruit. dx.7tir*i-M drawer ?f!(&5O
Huckleberrles.lb 10Q15 Walnuts, per lb. .l.VfiSO
Limrs, doi lOijj.15 Watermelons, ea-1032j
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes, doz. .40950 Onions, per lb. . 10 2
Beeta. dozen lrt«--,OJcra. green, lb.. 10015
Beans, white, lb. 5^— Okra, dried, lb..— #25
Colored. r« r U> T,H -Potatoes, lb 1%«^
Dried -Lima, lb.. <>!$ S Parsnips, per dz.l5S20
Cabtage. each. .. .v,iJG Radishes.dz bch-?!5^20
Celery, head 34*10 Sage, dz bunch<!»2^ —
Cress, dz bunob.l5@— String Beans, lb. 4@ «
Oicumbers, dz. . .10^15 Summer Squash,
Garlic 5@ 6i per lb "'i? 5
Green Corn, doz.2. r .«i0j Sprouts, per lb.. 6# 0
Green Peppers, lb '.i&*5 Rplnacn, per lb.— © 5
Iirlf-d Pepp«rs. . louss I5vveet Potatoes,
Kgtr Plant — <3 5 per lb ..: 2(g2 1 ,i
Green Peas. lb. . . 6@ & rhyme.dz bnchs.'-'M^O
Lettuce, per doz.l5(f?20 Turnips, per dz.. — #15
Locks.di bunchH.l.'MT'Sf Vomatoes, lb ... 2S'.T
Lima Been*, lb. 6fl •,
Eggs are higher again and fresh ranch have
become very scarce. Butter, Cheese and Honey
stand about the same as quoted last -week.
Prices of Meats and Fish have not changed
since last week. Fresh Salmon is in the mar
ket again, the season having opened yester
day. Poultry is selling at the same prices as
quoted last week. Game Is in good supply
and selling at reasonabla prices. Wild Ducks
are added to the list.
Some varieties of fruits have become scarce
and are dearer, but most kinds are selling at
the old prices. Persimmons have appeared in
the market. Vegetables are plentiful and have
changed but little since last week.
¦ MELONS — Cantaloupes. $161 60 per crate:
Nutmeg Melons, SOigSSc per box; Watermelons.
5@20e each. '
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2 60®2 75 for
fancy. Valencia*. $232 25 for choice and $1^
1 50 for standard; Lemons. $1@3 per box;
Grape Fruit. $1 50.32 50; Mexican Limes, $4**
4 50; Bananas. *lfil 75 per bunch for Ha
waiian and $2 5O«J3 for Central American;
Pineapples, $2{J2 50 per doxen.
Local trade ln fresh fruits was quiet, as
usual on Friday, and there was not much
doing in the shipping line. Apples were abun
dant and $1 per box was an extreme figure
for the general run of fancy stock, the top
quotation being obtained only In a small way.
for strictly fancy Spitzenbergs. Common stoi-K
was in excessive supply and offered at very
low figures, which lessened the sale of supe
rior quality offerings. Small packages of table
Grapes arrived freely and were easy O7" n 8
to the lack of demar.d fcr shlpplnc- Choice
Muscat In large open boxes • were steady at
$1 10@l 25 Der box, while the other varieties
v/ere easy at 75c<&$l. Tokay being the weak
est. A few small shipments of Peaches were
received and were quickly snapped up. Of
ferings ln carriers from Santa Crux County
sold at $1 25, and a few boxes that arrfvea
from Oregon brought 90c a box. Choice rips
Persimmons from Newcastle were offering ana
found promDt sale at $101 25 per box. Tli*
other fruits stood as previously quoted.
Strawberries continued to sell at a wide
range as to quality. -, Malindas. that arrived
from Watsonvllle late on the preceding day.
eold at $1@1 50 per chest, while choice lots
that came in on the early express cleaned up
quickly at the quotations. Longwtirths and
Raspberries were unchanged. Huckleberries
wers offering again and ! good stock found
ready saje at higher prices. «
Prices of Citrus fruits had no change. The
Panama steamer brought up 256 cases Mexi
can Limes, which had not been marketed up
to a late hour. Two carloads of Central
American " Bananas were received and ripe
stock was selling at lower prices.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths, $469 per
chest: large berries. $1 5O®3 60 for Mallndaa
and $5® 6 for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $3 50®6.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7® 10c.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $3 50©9 50 per
bbl: Coos Bay. $2 60® J per box.
APPLE3 — 00c@$l 25 per box for fancy. 60©
S5c for good to choice and 25@40e for com
mon, i
PEARS— Bar tletts. $1©1 25; winter varie
ties, 40&75c per box for common and $l©l 23
for Winter Nellls.
QUINCES— 60<g60c per box. ¦
FIGS— 5CS75c for small packages and $1{J
1 50 for large.
POMEGRANATES — 50®75c for small boxes
and $232 50 for large. /
GRAPES— Isabella, 5C(865c per *rate: other
varieties. 25@40c for small boxes, 50<g«0c for
crates and 75c«$l 25 for large open boxes:
Wine Grapes. $18021 per ton for Zinfandel
and %Wa\<\ for Mission.
Deciduous- and Citrus Fruits.
FAMILYRETAIL MARKET]
line of May from a prominent operator, and
this selling was responsible for the weak tone
which developed early ln th« day. Toward
the close the market was helped by the
strength in wheat and December closed only
He lower at 36%c, after ranging between
3S ] 4c and 36%c.
Lower prices at the yards and increased
stocks caused an easy tone In provisions at
the opening, and with only a small -demand
the market showed little inclination to ad
vance. Packers were more disposed to sup
port the market than of late. A steadier
tone prevailed late in the day and January
pork closed 12>ric higher, January lard was
up 2V4c while ribs were unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Young America. 13«4@14c; Eastern. 15fe9
le^c; Western. 14@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 4C*£?50c; store nomlnar; cold
storage, 28@30c; Eastern. 21©2Sc per dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Condition*: in Butter and Cheese are about
as before, except that . one large handler of
Cheese yesterday sent out cards offering
choice flats at 13c. Stocks are unevenly dis
tributed as is the case with Butter, and
dealer* are weak or steady, according to the
quantity they are carrying.
of Eggs, were* larger yesterday, but
the market was sa bare that prices were not
materially affected. -Those dealers who choose
to exact the top of the market are getting 50c
without difficulty, as there f are enough buyers
who insist on having the best, regardless O f
cost, to 'keep the market cleaned up.
• ; Receipts were 21,300 lbs Butter, 655 case*
Eggs and 31,300 lbs Cheese. .
¦ BirTTER— Creamery, 27@2Sc for extras Ind
2flc ¦ for s seconds; dairy. 21©24c; store > Butter.
17V4@19c; cold - storage, 24©25c; Eastern. . 22#
24c per Ih. ' ¦'
¦ CHEESE— 12 V>c for good flats. 13® 13«$c for
choke mild new andll©12c for lower grades.
General Merchandise.
HAGS — Grain Bags. 5<83%c: San Quentin.
8 65c; Wool Bags. 32®35c: Fleece Twine. 7^
G8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6»,4c. V%c and 7»,4c
for the three trades; Brown Jute. tt%@7Hc
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
llnston. $S- Seattle. 56 50; Bryant. $G 60; Bea
ver Hll! $5 60; Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coo»
Hay $5 60; Greta. $T; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond S7 60- Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 "5 in lacks; Welch Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump $11 50; Cannel. *8 50 per ton:
Cokt $11 M3@13 per ton ln buIk &nd $13 In
sacks- Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 45 per
2000 lbs *nd $ 8 30 J)er ton * acc ording to brand.
- OIL Linseed. 40c for boiled and 47c for raw
in barrels: cases, 5c more: Castor OH, ln cases.
No 1 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10©l 12; Lucol. 41c
for billed and 42c for ra> In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra, winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases. 00c ;
China Nut. 5o®70c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
tn barrels. 75c: cases. S0c: Sperm, pure. 75c;
Whale OU. natural white. 30@55c per gallon;
Fish Oil In barrels, 45c; cases. 50c; Cocoanut
Oil, In barrels, 63c for Ceylon and 55c for Aus
"cOAL OIL— Water White Coal OU In bulk,
14i4c- Pearl Oil in cases. • 21c: Astral. 21c:
Star, '21c; Extra Star. 25c; Elaine, 27c; Eocene.
•»4c - deodorised Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 17c;
in cases. 23V4e;-Benzine, ln bulk. 13c; in cases.
l»*4c; 86-degree Gasoline, ln bulk. 21c; In
80c per gallon ln cases and
74c In drums and trcn barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— R«d Lead. 6^9
7c per lb: White Lead. 6}J©7c, according to
qU RICE^-China. No. 2. $4 35©4 45; No. 1.
$5 7535 9O; extra No. 1. $tt 25® 6 50; Hawaiian,
$5 25; Japan. $5 23fj5 80; Louisiana. $4 30<f
6 73. ,
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per 1b. ln 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5>5c;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c: Dry
Granulated,* fine. 8.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.00c; Fruit. Granulated. 5.60c: Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.40c; Confectioners'
A. 5.60c; Magnolia A. .V20c: , Extra C. 5.10c;
Golden C, 5c: "D." 4.00c; barrels, 10c more;
halt barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 60-lb
NEW YORK, Oct. 1G. — The cotton market
closed within -3 or 4 points of the best prices
of the day. or net 18 to 23 points higher.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
£s> GRAND £^
AUCTION SALE
Of Magnificent m
ALL-PURPOSE HORSES.
40 head, weighing from 1200 to 1600 lbs..
ages ranging from 4 to 8 years; also wwil
standard-bred roadsters: Edith, 2:10: Monaco.
*:15. and mares by Director. Guy McKlnney.
etc. Theau tint horses are all sound, well bro-
keii and suitable for any kind of work. Sale
takes place next
WEDNESDAY EVENING, OCT. ai,
Commencing at 7:43.
Occidental Horse Exchange,
246 Third St.. near Folsom.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
Horsea at salesyard Tuesday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UTAH
ALFALFA
NEW CROP SEED READY
OCTOBER 20th. ORDERS
BOOKED FOR IMMEDIATE
SHIPMENT ON ARRIVAL.
TRUMBULL & BEEBE
410-421 Sansome St.
SAX FRANCISCO, CAL.THE SAN FRMC1SCO CALL. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17. 1903.
12
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market end Third streets; oien
until :2 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 327 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; or.cn until U:30 r>. m.
:iC0 Hayes street; or<n until 9:3'J r- m-
0 McAllister street; ojen until 0:30 p. m.
€13 Lm»in street; open until *J:3G p. m.
Miision t'tref-l; open until 10 r- »•
¦J2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ur-til 9 p. m.
i<0 Ea-vcuth rtreet; o]#n until 9 p. m.
1C:»« Valencia street ; open until » p. m.
Norihixst corner Church and Duncan streets;
ojxn until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-«econd and
K«-:iU'cky stuwtr; open until a p. m.
i2 - .!O Fili.Bore ttr*et; ep?n until 9 p. m.
mketim; notices.
tU££IOK Lod;?- No. 1«». F. and A. M. ffj
— O'!»c«? arid members are hereby no-
t:a«-o to attend tho funernl of our de- /^f\
leawd brother. LOL'Io VINCENT
DE t-'TEIN. from the hp.ll of this lodgr?.
UATURDAY AI-TERNOON at 2 o'oiock. By
orOer of the W. M. R. E. ALLAN. Secy.
MISSION Lodge No. 1C!», F. and A. M. »
— «Vlfd mating THIS (SATURDAY) VV
EVEXIXO at 7 :.".« o'clock. Firft de- /V\
jr. e. 11. E. ALL-VN. Sec.
MAKINi: Kr.gin«-rs' Beneficial Association No.
X' — Members are re<juested ta attend the
fumiAl of our deceased brother. LOUIS V.
13E :-TEIN. from Mission Masonic Temple,
20(VS r.T!.^lon St., at 2 p. m.. SATURDAY,
Oct. 17. JAMES G. RAPHAEL,
EDWARD BRADY, Sec. President.
TH1" <"alifornia D<"bri:« Commission having re-
ceived applicaiicns to mine by hydraulic
r.roo^Fs from E. C. Kcvanaujh and William
H. DuCcy. In Phillips mine, near Forest
H'U. Placer County. Cal.. draining into Mls-
eourl Creek, which r< ache? American Riv«-r.
and from Ncrth America Consolidated Gold
iliniiijr Comjany. in Its mine near Glbson-
viJU-. Sierra County. Cal.. draining into weft
l-rmv-h <;f Slatt Ci*«k. which rcarh«-«< Yuba
IUvt r. jriv^E notice that meeting will be held
r.t room IKi; Flood bullions* San Francisco.
Cal.. November 2. 10C3. at 1:30 p. m.
A WEEK'S n*n» frr 5 centp — The Weekly Call.
ZG rpc»^. _ Wlppw. for mailing. II per year.
ROARDIXG FOR CHILDREN*.
¦WANTED — A child to board: private family;
mother's Vare. ir..'ttj Hyde et.
ATTOIl\ E YS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FUSE* ESTABLISHED 22~TEARS.
Di%-0ixcs a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO i'AY U2fZ__8 EnCCSSSFUL.
G. W. HOWF.
Attorn-y and Counttlcr at Law.
Open Evensr.ps > to 9. Pt.on«! Jeasle 4711.
Offices en First FIcoi- — Rooms 1. 2. 3. 4 and 5.
1122 Market St., Between Mason and Taylor.
Alsio&l Opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc.
Practice in Federal and all State Courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bp.nkruptcy.
prosecutions, adjustments, corporations, pat-
ents, estates, probate.
Experienced er.d Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed Correspondence solicited.
til. II 1A. M1B Crosslcy Blig. Tel. John 2J2U.
N. E. Ccr. New Montgomery and Mission Sts.
, ADVICE FPJSS
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rm. 68. 91C Market: t«i. Ked CIS; bad ten-
ants ejected tptedlly and reasonably; collec-
ticcs alttnccd to; attachments; corporation*
crrar.irn!; civil and criminal practice.
ROBT. W. KING, stty-at-'.aw. Examiner b!d..
rocm €11; all cafes, damages, estates, wills.
euachm«"nt^, cc'.Icctlcns, etc.; cunfuitatioa
'ree; no advar.ee charges; ca!l or .write;
evenlr.ffs br ap;«)lntment. Tel. Red 3001.
AT5V1CE free — I •rQl p.dvance coet in meritori-
ous casee, divorces, frobate and all other law
cp.5»e; no fe^s in advance; open every even-
\r.e. J. M. THUIiSTON. 619 Market St.. r. 3L
WARNER TEMPLE, 93 Chronicle building::
binkrujitcy, nt-cider.ts. proftate ar.d matri-
tncr.lal ca.ses; ichor tiene.
A. U. EWING— Attorney-at-law. Room C12,
"arrott bids.: rr-"ne South C55.
DXYOBCE — Ccrtf, $12; quick, qu'.et; open even-
i^ss. 927 MarVet b_, njem 301.
L. f . CLARK. Ercra 5preckels bldg.. 927 Har-
lot ft.; cCnyultatlcn free; no fees In advance.
AITKKN & AITICKN. attorneys." rs. 309-10-11.
C!ur.:«- blic.. '»03 California St.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE tree: no charge unl'-s successful; all
!&v.' h-jfln-f^. W. W. nxvl^rnry 027 Market.
nrsixEss chaxces.
$.".: 0 ONLY — For a country hotel with bar; not
:sx iron Oakland. P. C. LAS-SEN & CO..
Oakland. Cal.
F"OIt eaJc — Fine rj»n<!y rtore and ice cream par-
I'r; elegantly Jittid Dp; rood location: good
!«-?s( jr .F ;or F'tl.'r.s. Apply '.he Hromada Co.,
i.:'2 Cattery st.
$XtO — BUSINESS pays annual profit of $4000.
<<rr baif lnteiojit fcr S1500 Io trd"od. honest
— en: :n country. Address CIIAi?. BHARP.
tianford. Cal.
t?'/4 IJUV? firet-cjass bfcyclo and repair Iiusi-
n»fh; roo3 rec^cn fcr selling. Address at
wtt, box 71:?. Call cfSce.
OVTIXG to ecntlsucd JH-heaith win *c-n bi?7t
payinr; enaall ccf;e<? house .south of Market
*t. : no r.gentr. l. c 5 Fourth st.
F<jU SALU — Mocha Restaurant. JTjifU Mle-
rti n st.
'm)»gi\g-hoi>t:s for sali^.
B:OOMS; fcoure for men; rcr.t $! 40.7T?4OOO
roo.-TiF: south of Market; rent flCO. 2tKX)
'"ens; corner: put cash; bal. easy. 850
»ooms; irco'l income; rent $20 35!)
poanwi water iront; rent $40; lease. C50
reams'; gt.cc1 U-are; Iott rent <;500
i-tns. . c;>art:nfr.t«;\Vertern Add. ;rest 250
fcaey loaned at 1 rcr cent.
Ijl'.ls, road!iour~ff, flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
."!TEL ¦'• CAKr.OLT,. 212 Knarry st.
SriniTUALISM.
PiJOF. Frc-d P. Kvar:?. BOted pyychlc for Flate-
wiit'.r.r and dairvcjraaee; st&mp'for circular.
1112 Eddy et.. nr. Octavia; phone Scott fji7.
EIAVARK EAP.LE. ir:-Z KM!., readings daliy.
'.I::: 1 .: to 4; seanrf-s Fundwy and Thursday.
CLAIR VO^AXTS^
1IY Iieeular $j UeaUinps This Week for
*1 *l «1 Sfl *1 $1 $1
I'HUFESbOR PAUL DESTIN13
The l'!:>t Ue^isu-rrd Trance Clairvoyant and
'. i>:ii..M lu\-pr in San trancisQo.
I Cu hereby ajlcmnly agree and guarantee
to tniike no tharge if I fail to tell you your
aiime, occui'al.'.n and what you called for;
1 pro__e to i<>!l >ou whether hustmnd, wife
or ;s trut- or false; I tell ycu
»Sioj:i and uijca you will marry: in fact I
wlil tell ycu every hoi>e, fe«r or ambition
better than you c^n t°ll yourself; I in:r)-""ove
your etiaracter tu, that you will reach the
highest ;>ct>ible deve!opm.-nt in mfntal vigor
health, happiness and capacity to *ura
¦»<-a!th; so you will Uvh happy and contented
tlu- rent of ycur lire. Hourb 10 a. m. to 8
1>. n;.; t-undays. 2 to 8. :i2« O'Farrell gt.. :ZM.
MME. M. BEJLVARD. THU FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perrna-
r.«-r;tly Joc-ated at 17 Third st-, next Kxamlner
bidg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate dcsiriution cf the part, reveals the
present hapj-enlni-s and portraye events to
occur in the :uture; if you are in trouble, dis-
ccnter.ted or not satisfied In life, or have da-
Hit^ti-.-. love cr butiness troubles, consult this
greet — ediurn and >ou will be told how to
overcome ttem; vaiuaMe advice in all affairs
of life; up; eatUfp.rtion guaranteed- read-
Ir.ys by n-.ail. Tel. Black 45<2».
ISMAR. the KmTJtian n~*y. clalnoyant and
paim'.st, permanently located at 110* Market
•t.. «-or. Turk: private reading* datly, 10 a.
&;. to 8 p. ra. ; retdlncs by mail aw satlsrac-
icry as 1n perecn; :j questions answered, $1;
full Hie, f5: send lock of hair, date and year
cf fcirth; don't eend currency. Send postofflce,
WeHt-F*rgo money crder or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER. srSentlfie clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
cn3 tight; tell* the past, present and future;
ladies. 6Cc: cents. $1 ; -*y cards palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 12fl Turk «t.
UX_U A. H. KrenenberET, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give goood reading, 10c. for
fhert time only: wh?n others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS 7.EMDAS, youns frifted clair. and palm.:
has F^ccnd si;M: a wonderful prophetess ;
Mm«: L. fiQc; O.Jfi. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.av.
Jilkii;. LEE. pa!mii*iry snd clairvoyitnt: hours
y-5; ••ven'.nri and Sundays • by oppolntnsent;
rca<5in>:s r/K-. V20C, Market, parlor Cl; elev.
JI'ST arrived: Mroe. Davis, createst magic
rurd re»"1or on coast: born, crowned, veiled.
'i'Ti Market, parlors JC-17; 25-5Oc; mall ?1.
A — Mme. Ilaverm* reads life. . business advice;
;:»n:'-s eriveri; 2> up. '. 4«h st.. near Market.
MISS WARD cives namei>r^date? and facts;
hour* 10 to &. 413 Maron rt. : no sign.
KKK MAISCAl'. clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c/?ect» SOc; hnurs 1 to 8. 515 Sllnnn.
OLDEST lady palmist and card realer In city.
'J'i^ Kearsy. room CO; Indies 25c; cents 50c.
WHS. 6HAFER. cla irvojint. card reader: sit-
tings. dPliy. 44S^ JcrMe ft.. b*t. Cth and Cth.
A wny.K'S ne-wn for P r»ntj< — The Wockly Cal!.
I« paces. In wrarr>er. for mailing, $1 per year.
, CHIROPOniSTS. . .'- ;
DUN-LAP FOOT"lNSTITUTE7"50 Geary— Ail
• fim^nts of th* feet cured: com*. bunions. etc.
collection; offices.
BAD tenants ejected for £4: collections made:
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECT-ION
CO.. 4x5 Montfomery. . rooms 3-10; teL 55S0.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE — Con.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite ; In rolls *"T to lay.
needs no patntlns or coating; good over old
Iron tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at.
A— Fine suns. $7 60; dress pants. $2 50. Ortgl.
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny st..
near Bush; ppen to 0 P. m. Sunday to cooa.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine: open till 9 p. m. Sunday -to noon.
X BUYS aells or rents gear machinery, en-
irines boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc 'WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FRESH milk cows for sale; for private fami-
lies especially. Schaefer Stock Yards, San
Bruno road and Twenty-seventh ave.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
A VERY fine diamond over 3 karats for $335
at \V. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
FOR sale— 2 flagpoles, 24 feet Ion:?; 20CO fire
brick. 1623 Fifteenth st.
3. 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand- all
. sizes, new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market. .
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFO CO.. 519 Market st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento gt.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental-
bargains. Bnllard ft Breck. 131 Post it.
MILES of pipe and flttlnrs: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Valiejo »t
MOVING picture film and «ong slides. 109
Montgomery rt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B BECK
fc CO.. 122 Market at. i
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs :ha— mock*
metal teds. mattresses. J. F. Hotter. 712 Mission!
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, raevlns '
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 0C3 Mkt. ]
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches; j
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fre— ont st. j
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all J
makes. ALEXANDER & CO..- 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS AVAXTS.
CALIFORNIA HOUSEWRECKING CO.
Pays higher prices for buildings and take*
less time to wreck and remove. Office. NW. I
cor. .Mission and Tenth; phone Mint 3011. |
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market et. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-band clothing and
theatrical good?. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessla 2S51.
A BIG price paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton st. : phone Bush 484.
JUOXEY TO LOA.V.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
6Ol-6O2-6«5 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, afslgnments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies. Ills estates and undivided in- I
teresta in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential. I
When You Need Money ;
See HERMAN MURPHY. I
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without J
removal; to permanent salaried people on '
their note without security or knowledge of 1
employer; lowest rates; no commission. Na- j
tional Credit Co.. 6S and CO Donohoe build- ;
In*. 1170 Market st. I
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT. ' j
DEAL DIRECT: SAVE EXPENSES. !
I will loan on 1st. 2d and 3d mortgages. SAN" !
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. .TOWN, COUN- J
TRY PROFERTY and REAL ESTATE In I
probate; pend full particulars of property; no
answer, otherwise. 13ex 2403. Call oMce.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 84«> '
Market St.; tel. Main 1<U4. Branch, 19 Third. \
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer- ',
chants, teamster?, boarding-houses, without |
security; easy payments; largest business in
40 principal cities. Tolrr.an, 553 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances to re-
sponsible salaried people, confidentially; new
and simple plan; easy installments. Room
50. Acp.Ufmy of Sciences. M9 Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO., r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
j A — 1 per cent on furniture cr piano: no remov.
I al. no commission, no pubiicity;$25 up; quick,
i private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
j " '..
I MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 108 Grant ave.,
j LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to. loan on low interest: gold, silver.
diamonds pearls ar.d precious stones bought
at W. J." HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without securlt> ; on fur-
niture, indorsed notes and oth?r security.
' S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
ONE per cent on furniture-. $5 a month en each
)?10CX>; any security. 302 Montgomery, room 1«.
ON furniture piano; no removal. E. Wj LICK.
I 100.J Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 70S Market.
1 . — — .
! MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W*.
j MILLEJl. room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
i 3% ON furniture & pianos; 515 up; no removal.
; V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
! mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5.TS Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.rill.Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. ilORELL. C09 Examiner bldg.
~^I^S^1LIXSTRUJ1EXTS.
I NO trouble, with people who buy the Heine
piano; 7CC0 satisfied customers the best ad-
reTtisnneut; strictly high snide and sold di-
rect from factory to purchaser; this enables
you to procure a flrst-clas3 piano at a rea-
sonable price; we carry 14 different makes;
any piano purchased from U3 taken in ex-
change any time within 5 years and full
purchase price allowed on a Peerless Ileino
or any of our other makes. Some bargains,
ail uprights: Collard. 445: Weber, $76;
Sherman & Hyde. $90; Klmhall. $115: Smith &
Barnes, $150; Miller. $173; Emerson. $165;
Mansfield & Notni. $125: 2 Steinways. $145.
$?Co; 2 CMckering. $S5, $175; 2 Heine, slight-
ly used. $325, $3t5T>. and 25 othere. Install-
ments $4 up; rents, $2 up. allowed on pur-
chase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 2:i5-Zn Geary
St.; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broad-
way, old P. O. site. Largest exclusive
wholerale and retail dealers of the West.
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We ray no rent, as we own «the building.
! The only reason we advertise Is to let you
[ know we rent the best piano In the city for $:>
1 p«r month. Now we can sell ycu one just the
j same. Our »xr>enses are so very much less
than other firms, why not investigate our prices
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and save
from $75 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURTAZ
I PIANO CO., 500-6?-C4 Hayes st.
WHILE low prices are the fashion you will
find that we are giving the most for tha
money of any firm in the city. No better tn-
struments than the Baumeister, Schubert or
Stcdard are needed by anybody, and iou can-
not aftcrd to buy until they have been ex-
amined. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 760 'Market st
A FINE let of second-hand uprights from $50
up. including: such makes as Checkering,
Vose, KnKger, Curtaz. Kirkham, Pease.
Hardman. Marshall & Wendell. Baus and
'others: BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell st. No branches in San Francisco.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered In San
Francisco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
. Before our removal we will sacrifice any tn-
strument for cash ' or installments. Call or
write for prices and terms at once. KOHLER
& CHASE. Established 1850. 30 O'Farrell.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson, Paris, maker;
Ous Maiwald, Agt. Pac Coast. 278 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing: 2d-hand Instruments sold.
A STECK " & G ABLER upright. . nearly new,
cheap; a snap. HORNUNC, 216 McAllister.
RARE chance; cash or payments: elegant high
crade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storaze pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1636 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER, Byron Mnuzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Mt?LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham placel
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Ca'.l
lf> paces. In wracDer. for milliner. SI per year
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
SMALL store, very prominently situated, suit-
able for any business. 1349 Valencia st.
DESK room ¦ for rent • to lawyer or business
man. 612 Parrott bldg. '
STORE with large basement; below "Kearny
tt.; rent $30. Apply 63B Clay si. room 1.
$35 — TO let; grocery corner: five living. rooms-
new vacant. Key. 2304 Fulton st.
~ PALMISTRY. '
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and aatrolo-
gist. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to *2 and
, 1 to 5. and Tuesday evenings. 139 Post st.
! H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 513
Taylor St.. near Geary; Phone Black 5«1.
V- PAl'ERH AXGIXG. PAIXTIXC. ETC. 1
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
' Hartman Paint Co.*, 319 3d St.; tel. Main 413.
FIXAXCI AL. * I
4~PElY CENT to"o~PElT CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal. School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative Investors.
"Write for lnjorrnatlcn to
HEAZELTON & CO.,
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward Building,
. San Francisco. Cal.'
FLATS TO LET.
i A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
fervlee absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will pave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
et.. on the square.
NEW corner flata; 3101 Washington; 7 and 9
rooms; separate entrances; rents 54 1 50 and
$57 50. ' '. \
GREEN, 2CC3 — Handsome sunny upper flat;
marine view; 7 rooms; bath on two floors;
rent ?50. -
MCALLISTER 331— Unfurnished parlor floor,
4 rooms, gas, bath. $2S; adults; call before 3.
MCALLISTER, 1900, near Park— Modern sunny
upper Cat; 5 rooms and bath; rent $22 50.
TEHAMA. 33C— A nice flat to let of 4 rooms
and bath. . _'
FLATS TO "LET—^FURNISHED.
JESSIE. 544 — t-room 'flat, furnished: will sell
cheap; parties going away; rent $12; lower
bell.
FURNITURE WASTED.
A. 'WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red -14C2,
buys, r«=nts. repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L.,II.
BURP, auctioneer. ISIS Mkt.;tel. Howard 2^50.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED — 2 cooks. ?35. American families;
4 cooks, German style," $30. $35; parlor maid.
$."50; (i second girls. $20. $25; chambermaid
and laundress, Jfoi); laundress, home. $25; 2
cleaning women. .<20. $25; 4 nurseglrls, $20,
52.", $o0; hcu!eketper. 3 men. $25. country;
nun-e sanitarium $35; housework, 2 in
family. San Rafael. $30; San Jose, $30; man
and wife for ranch, see party office 10
o'clock; chambermaid and waiting, city, ?25;
Valle'.o ?2o; 4O housegirls, city and coun-
try $*20 $25 $:iO. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A WAITRESS and second girl for Oakland,
?2. r >; a girl to clean and sew some in an in-
stitution. $2u; a waitress for a restaurant,
?s a v.-epk; a German nurse for one child,
$25; a French nursery- governess, $30; a I
waitress fcr smnll family. San Mateo. $"5; a I
cook for lunchroom. $1 50 a day; 50 Rood I
housework girls for city and country. $20 to
6.I0. MISS PLUNKF.TT, 425 Sutter St., near
Powell.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall fc-JaKon:
both season* taught from start to finish in 1
month for flO; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, rtc. cuaranteed at $10 per week up:
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — JVANTEB — G!rls to learn halrdrcaslnf,
manicuring, etc.; trade taupht from A to Z
In 2 wer',-.!!: $r> to tho?" entering row; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary St.. rcom 13.
A — LADIES to -learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; .manicuring, ma'sngc, etc.. lZ'.M Mai-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; cay and eve. class ; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECEPSAHY:
PAID-SALARY. 1.ICVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES ::2>/4 FREMONT ST. AND.1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED— Two Kirls; one for general house-
work, wages *25; cne for waitress, light
work' and tewing; must hi? experienced; ref-
erences required: waseg $:j<>. Inquire morn-
lnrs at 140:j Jackson St., corner Nineteenth,
Oakland.
WANTED — Experienced wrappers; jrood refer-
tr.ces retjuircd. Apply I. MAGNIN & CO.,
4:i-Ki Ellis Et.
EXPITP.IENCED tucker and operators on silk
crd wool waists; steady work. ICONIG-
ETEIN. 2S Fir^t st. ?-?.V:
, WANTED — Experienced \ millinery trimmer.
Apply to manager befcre 10 a. m., R. D.
DAVIS & CO.
\ WANTED— 2 fitters and 2 alteration hands.
; . A;>i>ly New York Cloak and Suit House, 1218
; Market st.
i NEAT, respectable middle-aged lady; ex-
perienced delicatessen Una. Apply 1521 Devis-
adero st. ~
j EXPERIENCED women to canvass; salary.
; Call Monday morning between S and 9, 01U
\ Market st.. room CO.
1 WANTED— A girl to r»ll candy In ntore. Los
Ar.geles Candy Co., 14S Fourth st.
OPERATORS -and finishers on. white shirts.
. _ ROGKRSON'S. 535 Valencia st.
FIR?T-CLAi5S waitrfss, $9 week. Peopled
Restaurant. C31 Clay st.
AN apprentice and improvers at MME. LI-
CHAU'S dressmaking parlors, 455 Geary st.
WANTED — Mangle hands! Apply . United
States Laundry, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
WANTED — Young woman who is an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
IMMEDIATELY, four lady teachers for Cali-
fornia district schools. C. ESTERLY 518
Parrott building.
PLAIN cook, light housework, no washing or
window cleaning; 3 -adults; wages $23. Ap-
ply 2924 Steincr St.. near Green.
WOMAN not too Voung and familiar with
1 business methods for position of trust* no
office work. Box 3491, Call office.
WANTED — Respectable, reliable saleslady for
line bakery; must have sufficient experience
In tame; good salary. Box 708. Call office.
GLOVEMAKERS— Experienced banders and
binder*: also apprentices; wages. CARSON
GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
CIGARETTE makers wanted: steady work and
good wages. The JOHN BOLLMAN CO..
corner Front and Pacific sts.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wagea
Apply tt once. AMES _ HARRIS. 10© Sac-
ramento st.
GIRLS wanted — Box department Mutual Label
and Litho Co., , Second 'and Bryant sti. ;
Bryant-st. entrance.
WOMEN operators on skirts and jackets. M
SIMINOFF'S. 1228 Market st.
NEAT girl for cooking and general housework-
references; apply, mornings. 1700. Baker st
2 LADIES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. 59 Columbian bldg.. city/
FIR3T-CLASS stenographers ' furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 -Montgomery.
WANTED— -First-class waist, skirt end coat
I hands and crrar.d girl, J. BAER. J200 Geary.
A' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established . at 1090
Valencia st. ¦ . • . .
HELP XV XX TED— MALE.
WANTED — For U. S. Marine ¦ Corps." 1 "able-
bodied- unmarried men, between 21 and '35;
good character; must ppeak. read and write
English; marines serve at sea on ; men-of-
war in all parts of the world, r on ¦ land In our
island possessions, . and ¦ at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at \ recruiting of-
Vme; 40 Ellis st., San- Francisco, Cal.; and.
€01 K st., Sacramento, ' Cal. ;.. ¦ » <• ;
TRY our-men's shoes,' union made,' at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we 1 pay
express. or. mail chrgs. ll:3d-,st.V Exam/ibid.
ICE cream maker; must have experience: steady
vznDloym't. Lehnhardt, 1151) lirdwy., Oakland.
; HELP WAXTEp—-OLjLL~--Con tinned.
MURRAY — READY, 634 and 638 Clay st.
PHONE MAIN 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1002 WR GAVE "lOO3 WE'LL* GIVE
45.000 MEN WORK.- C*000 MEN. WORK.
Men wanted TO-DAY for «/m*
ARIZONA. OREGON.
Southern Pacific and Santa F« systems; fre*
Dass
ON EVERY TRAIN. .
SECTION HANDS. MUCKERS DRILLERS.
. Extra Gangs. Teamsters. Hammersmen.
' MINES. TUNNELS. QUARRIES-
Miners, all over State. §90 and $t>2 CO.
STABLES. FARMS, ORCHARDS DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hands. ?30.. $35. $40 fd.
Milkers, $30 to S50 and found.
Choremen. coachmen, gardeners, etc. ; .?¦?"•
19 stablemen, city, ccuntry^bs.
634-036 Clay st.
SAWMIILS— WOODS. *4ft to $70
633 laborers, no experience wanted. ?40 to *«u
and found. •inn
196 mill and yard men, $50 to ?10O.
365 WOODCHOPPERS. --^^^9.
m\\l S C fe S fro°m i^^^SO.V^
MECHANICAL.
aSfflp^g_a^
building, etc.; njany in San Francisco, lots
to board home, $2. $2 25. $2 &O.
PoslUons not adY e .rt» sed -_Tr
COME — ahu.
tjttct places AT MURRAY & READY S.
ifoGE^TWAGES AT 634-C36 Clay st.
PLACER COUNTY.
16 laborers, flume work with carpenter.
lu 7 ca < rpenters. flume work, fare $3, $75.
SANTA BARBARA TO-DAY.
20 laborers, you'll suit, $45 found.
3 lumber pliers, north, $7j.
'oO^fllLES. PRESCOTT M1DDLETOWN.
ARIZONA, TO-DAY ¦ -?1 50 FEE.
' 6 elack coopers. !*c; 5 cabinet makers.
TO FRESNO TO-DAY.
15 laborers, lumber' company, $40 to $55 fd.
OREGON.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 coal miners, Oregon. $3 to $5 a day.
VERY MURRAY & READY,
IMPORTANT. 634-636 Clay at.
MIDNIGHT SPECIALS.
4 carpenters. Mcdera County, $3 50 day.
Baiters' helper, city, ?25 found.
Blacksmith, San Benito County, $3 day..
LOS ANGELES.
4 farm hands. $30 found.
2 shinglers. Monterey County, 60c M.
Young man, city grocery store, $25 to $33
found.
Baker and pastry cook, hotel, fare $1 50, $50
found.
Man, run boring machlns, city mill. $1 75
day.
Butcher shop, south. ?47 50 found.
5 blacksmiths and helpers, $3 to $2 day.
5 boys learn trades. JF5, fO r.nd $7 week.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 03(5 Clay St.
DIAMOND — $75 — 4-horse teamsters.
Match— ?75— you'll puit.
Company — ?75 — Go to-day.
Cost you fl. That's all.
MURRAY & READY. 034 and 036 Clay st.
TRY our n.cr/s shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pcir. fcct-forniVshOM at $2 50. or
orthopedic 5hcps. S3 50;bcxt shoes •-•n earth. 11
. Third rt.. F-xatCs tldp 1 .. 5 doors from Market.
WINCHESTER .Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 7<K> rooms, Gr.o nlsfct:- rcadlr.ff rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to end frcm ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 50." Mi&alon st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your rhoen h*!f Eoled while waiting: 25c
to r>Oc. 503 Mission St.. bet. 1st and sts.
HOUSES A^D WAGONSJ
HARNESS and Faddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSBN BUOS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market St., San Francisco.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice ; 5 cood horses. 327
Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camp'.nz wagon
j and gocart fcr Fale cheap. 5?*2 Allusion st. j
1 LnrpfFt assortmt 2-harrt wagtins.buftkb'd, sur- !
rcy.harnecs.'.vorlc.ilrlvinpr horp'>s.irith-VaIencla i
»| ~ -» »— ¦!¦ ...—>»—..¦.. .. .¦¦..- j
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to Ic-f. send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
rervice absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
; trouble. Cord?s Furniture Co., 2i5-25:> Gear>-
it., on the square.
A — SUNNY upr'^r fat. 4 rooms and bath; rent
rearcnable;, ;*>Tl Linilen ave.. naar Octavia.
BEFORE moving pet nur printed lis«t of houses
j tf. Ut. BALDWIN & HOWELU 25 Post St.
I nousi: Ayn haux to let.
I 3- ROOM hou^e; 10-«tall barn and hay lort:
i near Twenty-fourth and Castro eta. Apply
1 B1 I_£'J£E.— st r
j IK) j{MJ S ' 'y^jj^^"^"^j^^^l^,
OAK. 410 — Elegantly furnished house; 10 sunny
rooms. 2 baths, large garden: grand view.
IIOl'SES KLKSISHED — FOR SALE.
i CHEAP furniture of C-room house; 3 rooms
i pay rent. 407 Mit-.n.i st. , .
j PnraiEhed Houses and Plats Por Sale.
1 A NEAVLY furn. Hat for sale; IS large sunny
j rooms, well arranged for renting. 823 and
j £25 Pc'.k st. Apply 8:30 to 12 or 1:30 to 5.
i LOST AND FOUND.
1 - '
i LOST — October 1C, a 1U03 bridge medal, with
name Peter Christian Petersen. Please re-
turn to 413 Minna st. ; reward^
LOST — A parrot In Elm ave.. bet. Van Ness
ave. and Franklin St.: liberal reward. Ap-
ply 03^' Goldsn Gate^ave^
LOST— Watch charm, with initials "F. C. P."
Finder will please, return to U. S. S. Con-
cord and receive reward. ;
j LOST 1 diamond rings In small chamois bag;
I liberal rcrvard. 15W Union st.
,' LOST — Fox trrrler; tag No. 41C5; reward. 930
|. Sanchez et. *
' LOST— A jeweled rraternlty pin with full nine
• engraved on back; reward. Box 343:t.~?Call.
i LOST — One nxlc oil cup. Return to 1317 Jack-
' son st.. Oakland, and receive reward. '..*.: - : .
. IT will payto "Remember' "that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold end silver to make new watch cases.
~~ medical:
SAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN,
i DOCTOR WHITER
! TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
I 702 MARKET ST.. room 7. Phone Red 3321.
j Every • facility for the BEST treatment of
' all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
! sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confi-
dential. Fees within the reach of all.
i MRS DR. : WYETH, specialist . for ail female
j complaints: instant relief guaranteed; 30
experience; removed to S2ft Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
I male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
j lief guaranteed. lOOS^ Market gt.. opp. 5th,
DR~G W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
1 In trouble consult this specialist on remala
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed ; advlcefree : -_Offlce^018Ma£keti____
Drs. UocUwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in' obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
. trtatme.nt $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
' MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
! ,, confinement: best medical care;, low feea.
I A maternity villa ; private : secluded ; conflden-
tlal. Dr. E. Funke, 1410 Eighth »t.. Alameda.
DR ROSEN," moved to 2!W5 Folsom St.. corner
26th; relief, $10; ladies' exclusive office.
: DR and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
j original method of treatment. 1126 Market at.
« DR ¦"- NO' TOY KEE. ¦ 319 ¦ Powell St.. ' opposite
I-. Union square: nil diseases cured by herbs.
I MILLIXERY..
LADIES — 200 stylish bats. to select from; lease
; sold. -. must . vacate February • 1, 1904; sava
: money by calling on MME.'DOSCH; 207 Post.
! ,: MISCELLANEOUS— FOH SALE.
BOILERS;: engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
- TOSHft, WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont »L
FOR sale—^1 small steam heater. 1' compressor,
1 ¦ 25-horsepower gas ; engine, 1 10-horsepower
" gas engine,- 1 8-horsepower boiler..' For prices
-and information" regarding above and inspec-
tion : of same call at , WHITTIER-COBURN
¦; -CO., 20 Fremont at., > San Francisco; - '
I ¦ 2D-HAND machinery." boilers.^ engines, pumps,
¦ . pulleys,' » shafting. ¦¦„•; etc, : etc ; - . bought, , sold.*
' rented ¦ and - exchanged; see Sunday ' papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y, CO.. 1CO-132 Beale it.
j C A It PET HE A TIXGAXD CLE AA IX O.
A1K, <-omp:-esFod, dry. ice cold. Is now univer-
fs!!y used in ?r.nitar:ly cleaning carpets, oa
J floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
1 rrate. Apply S. F. COilPREHSED AtR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 52;f7.
1 WH1CN you become dl'icusted with your work
tend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
! i=e V.'crks. 3S3-3B7 Tehama st.: tel. South 4().
! SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.: Al work juar-
i anteed. 3c 1S43 15th st. ; phone Capp 1551.
¦ WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
j riion Et. ;^X1 c!eanlr.s. Sc: tet Mission 223.
! CALIFORNIA Carpet -bep.tine Co.. J. McQueen,
j proprietor, r.29, Guerrero st; tel. Mission 43.
i TRY HOPKE BP.OS. : excellent cdrp?t-beatlns:
irottresi-es made over. 1 432 Hcw.-.rd :South 21 A.
' ADVANCE Curret Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
t*!. Main 394. CEO. WALOOM & CO.. Props.
j RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beatinc works: price*
; reasonable. 170.1 Harrison Rt. ; tel. Mission 2C3.
i CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
.133 Golden 'late av». : trlrphone East 12H.
UEKTISTS..
ELECl'RO-DENTAL CLINIC, S01> M»rket st^
ccr. Fourth, room 7, Flood building; extrac-
• lions done :>alr.U anly ; teeth without plates
our specialty; cold crowns, $3 M up; plates,
$4 50 up. extraction free: efflrvj hours, 9
j a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Bundaye. 9 to 2.
I DJi. GRUSS. 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
ar.d McAl'Uter sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
<3«r, the only device ever Invented for grind-
1 inc. drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof.
j call at office.
I DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Mark»t nr.Eleventn
— No chergn for extracting when plates ar»
1 ~adr; rid plates made over llk« new; teeth
! from $S per tet: extracting. (VOc: gas clvea.
; A NEW plate— Tne Whalebone — cannot break;
wtrrmnted 20 yrs .; crown. $3 50: filling;*. 60c;
I plates. $5; full Ket ;all work palnie«s and war* j
J ranted. Chicico Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
; PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, ccr.Bush —
Set t«»eth $1 .jO up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
j GOLD fUlinrs. 75-?; -liver. 35c; crown*, S2; no
rt'.n: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewl't.yH Sntter.
j PIUESSMAl— CBS AND SEASISTUESSES
1 McDOWELL Erccsmaklng and Millinery School
I — Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
J ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting, ritew-
ort'f riuttr.n * buttonhole factory. IIP Taylor.
I EDUCATIONAL.
i THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian .
Association conducts a night school for men,
¦ n » nclneerinjr schoul. an evening law school.
u. wcricins boys' night »chocl and a day busi-
ness and academic school, students have
gymnasium and other privilege:?. Apply at
Y. M C. A. building. Mr son and Ellis sts.
! BEAUTS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 2i Post. S.
F. — Bccl'.keeplng, fhorthand. touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English brar.cheu;
C&y and r.iehc sessions; lllus. catalogue free.
KINMAX'S Academy; a ihoroueh schuol of
dar.clntc; established 20 years. H12 Polk at..
bt-tween Pine and California; both adult and
children's elastics are now cjien for the season.
i AYHfS. the leading business coll?ge, 723 Mar-
ket st. ; specie! summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome- catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. S50; day and evening •easlons.
CALIFOP.NIA liuslnf" Colle R e. 305 Larktn st.
'"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In-
struction. Write for JUustratc-d catalogue.
THE Lyceum, -an accredited preparatory school .
fcr the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford prd-
iereor: day, evening; s^ss'erjB. Phelan bld<.
J A— PAN FRANCISCO Business College, litC
j Market st.~Proctica!. proKiessive. reliable; |
<J»y & evenins sessions: write for catalogue.
¦ A GENTLEMAN teaches privately young men
and worr.cn whose education has been nog-
1 h^cted; also foreigners. Call or add. 719 Port.
! HEALD'S School of Mine? & EIectriclty.24 Post
ft., S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Fpecia! catalogue frej.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln-. niech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1SG4. Van
<3er Naiilen School. 11" Fultcn. r.r. City Hall.
! DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Eundcy rrcBl&s»|at Teutonia Hall. Howard
: *t.. nesr Ninth: management Pro'. Foster.
! EFANltH.Krtnch.'-tf.Prof.DeFiHppe'g Academ/
I of I^anirjasef.::20!'o»t;estab111£71: ablest prof 1. |
1 GOLDEN Gate Ccm'l College, 530 Golden Gate
avt..: full bcs!t.««s course: day and evening.
j ECHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION. Day and I
PARTINCTON'S. 424 Pine st... Night c!a»s. \
i . 11
1 ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, urammar, writing,
'. etc.: day or eve.: $5 rr.o. 1024 Mission. nr.Gth.
j A WEEK'S news for 8 cent*— Tb» Weekly Call.
t 1« r.arn. In tnrniyr. fr»r »in1"nrr. S' v«*:»r.
EMPLOYJIEXT OFFICES.
j GEORGE AO—L.V4S1 Po«t Bt. : Ltd.*; Bush 1S3-^
Japanese-Chinese employnr.ent office: fur-
¦ niFhes best help: contracts for farm help. etc. j
j IF you want Jspanese help, advert!** In Th«
New V»'orld. Japanese daily paper. 353 Geary.
1 A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— Jaranes?-
Chlnese hrlu. 420 Porrell. Tel. Main 57S2.
i A— GRAND J«par;ese-Chir.ps» Err.p. Offl?e. 415
Stockton: t«-l. Grant 1CS; expert, reliabio help.
i CIIINESr: Employment Offlr*— Best help at I
I/cn StiiEg's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. Eatt 4?1 j
; RELIABLE J:.p?:ie5C-Chir.ese Ernp;oymer^*Of- |
See; ali kinds help. 315 Etorkton: Main SIRS. |
. CHINESE and Japanese h?lp; cstab. 20 years. ;
Tel. M.^ln 1OT7. BHADLEY.A CO.. 04^ Cay.
I EMPLOYMENT AVAXTtIO KE.HALK.
A FINNISH woman wants sicuaUon as cook.
or to do General housework. Addrets 424 '
; Fr»mor.t st.
I WANTED— Prs:tiyn by expr-rt itenojcrapher
and typewriter. Adcress „.. box 34S4. Call.
j LADY Ftenosraphcr. a".yi>>t bookkeeper or cash-
ier doires i>Oiiti< n in country; 4 years' ex-
pertepoe; Al references. Box 711. Call.
j L"Y a young Ii>dy in burinoss office: slen-
ografher and h;is knowledse of bookkeeping.
I Bex 44C5. Call.
i WINIFRED PHILLIPS, trained nurse, room
107. Hotel Nethcrland, IS Tdrk St.; phone
Pi ivate Exchange 014. " .
I WANT ads and EUbj'criistionB taken for Tha
Cell Pt Eaton's PTga.ir. i~f. Sir »lli.-!ter St.
EMPLOYMENT WAJTJ—TJ — MALE.
• RETIHED, very temperate, active, elderly sea
captain, having be«.n unlortunate in his in-
f \>"j<tmc-nts% desires suitable employment, such
as charge of yacht, steam launch, etc. Ad-
drers F. O. box 2163. San Francisco, Cal.
j YOUNG man <21) wsr.ts DCFition In office or
salecroom; understands bookkeeping ; whole-
sale grocery i>ref crrtd ; references. Box 725,
Call office.
', AN experienced country boy. frcm 10 to 17
years of age <has been doing, housework),
wishes another place: does rot drink, smoku
nor chew, liox 721. Call offlce.
I A PERMANENT position wanted by experi-
enced clerk In giqcery or general merchan-
dise store; Al reference. Box 4771, Call of flee.
1 GARDENER, first class: laying cut and taking
; care of large private grounds a specialty;
j be:-t references. Box 724, Call office.
; WANTED — Situation as night watchman or
elevator man; can give best of reference.
Box 3495, Call office.
BARBER, SO years old, .wants a steady Job.
Address box 722. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes chance to learn plumbing
trade. Box 710, Call office. .
YOUNG man. neat appearing, reeks a posi-
tion as bookkeeper, or assistant, or col-
lector; stenographer; -speaks, reads and
writes the German language; best of refer-
ences. Box 720, Call office.
STEWARD for club or gents in chambers, prlv.
il'Ke cooking, speaks and corresponds Ger-
man and French, rober, ape 30; . disengaged
Nov. C. F. C. R.. Box 713. Call.
-YOUNG business man of this city wishes out-
i door position, collector, etc.; references;
bends, or cash security; any amount. Box
.-.470, Call office. - ¦:--., f ;
YOITNG man wants position In city or coun-
try; any kind of work; can furnish best of
mfcreyes. Address box 34S1. Call office.
MAN and wife to take charge of kitchen, either
city or country. Bex 715, Call office.
j GOOD barber seeks steady position. Address
1 Th* Waldorf. .24 Fifth St.. room 27. '
j JAPANESE boy want* a place as cook or
j wait on labie in family; wages $6 per week.
Trl. Polk 1Q.-.8. CHA M.. 520 O'Farrell Et.
GOOD Japanese boy wants position as school-
boy In city. Address H. FUKAMI, 110
Golden Gate ave.
JAPANESE boy deMre* situation as school-
. boy in city; speaks English well. Call or
address Y. SEKI. J>10»i Stcckton St., S.F.
JAPANESE wants position as EChoorboy7~Ao>
dress TABATA. 431 Stevenson st. *
JAPANESE bey wants situation as school boy.
S. K.. C33 Stutter st. Telephone Red 5518.
• TWO Japanese tKjys want porter or chamber
¦work in city. Addrers 50»J Bush st.
I JAPANESE gcod boy wants situation. HENRI
ITO. 807 Thirteenth st. ; tel. Page 43U3.
! CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions'
received at Call branch office, ,2200 Fillmore.
; A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
• subscriptions has been established at 103<J
Valencia st
HriLP W r AjrT_D HALE — Continued.
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S Employment Offlca
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
20 carpenters with tools. Salt Lake trestle
work. $3 50 per day. board $4 50 week, fres
fare.
600 laborers for Nevada, free fare. $3. ¦
FOR CHICO, BUTTB CO., CAL.
TeamEters. 2-horse, $2 25.
Teamsters. 4-horse, $2 50.
Rate fare. $2 80. Ship to-day.
3 men for factory work. $1 50.
23 laborers, ditch work, near city. $2.
Electrician who can run an lea machine, $60
and board.
Colored butler, $35; French butler, $40; 3
coopers, slack work 9c bbl.: 3 German wood-
choppers, $1 co-$l 75 a cord.
Glass pantryman, $35; 2 boys with no experi-
ence, as bellboys city hotel, $15, room and
board; cooks, Dorters, waiters, bell, elevator
boys, pot and dish washers, kitchen hands,
$15-$76.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., Emrloyment Office,
429 Bush st 042 Clay st.
AT THE <JAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
09 Third St., near Call blUg.; phone Bush 405.
FREE PARE.
NEVADA , NEVADA.
Reno, Goloonda and Ryndon. j
100 laborers, $2 a day; 8. P. R. R. Co.'s own
work.
FREE FARE.
SALT LAKE TRESTLE.
10 carpenters, $3 BO a day.
S. P. R. R. FREE FARE.
OREGON COAL MINES.
FARE ADVANCED.
8 coal miners, 0-foot vein; $1 a ton; ship
to-day.
4 laborers, city, 9 hours, $2 25.
4 men for rock quarry* $2 23 a day.
CHICO, BUTTE CO.
Half rate fare, $2 80.
12 teamsters, ?2 50 a day.
H> laborers, $2 25 a day.
Ship -to-day; fee $1.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 69 Third st.
ATTENDANT for Invalid, $25 and found; ho-
tel cook, country, ?C<>; restaurant ccok, $14
vaeft; restaurant second and third cooks, $60
and ?50; 2 inside servants, private families,
?2i> and S35 and found; boy for housework,
dlf-hwaEhers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., C28 Sacramento st.
COACHMAN and wife, ?C0 and found; farmer
and wife, £50 and found, see employer here
this morning; ranch teamster, $35 and fare
refunded; blacksmith, $1 CO to ?2 a day and
found; 2 men about place, $25 and $30 and
found: can wanher, S40; boy to learn trade.
JO laborers, £2 a day; u quarrymen, $2 25
day; 3 boilermakers. ?¦'¦! C5; and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento St..
WANTED— 20 m^n to chop pins wcod, 2 and
4 foot, at fl 50 a cord, all winter job, for a
large mine comrany; fare and tools ad-
vanced If necessary- See J. F. CROSETT &
CO., C^S Sacramento st.
AT S. F. KMPLOTMENT BUREAU. 17 4th St.
. Hcdmakf-r.for city, clean place.
Laborers • ar.d roc-kmen lor city. $2 to $2 23
a day.
We ship every day to El Dorado County.
Four 2-hor:«e tramstcrs, $50 per mo. and fd.
Lumber graders' laborers. $2 day, long job.
We shl;> free fart- to Reno, Nev., and to all
points in irtah. Call early. Lots of work
for old ar.d youngr. 1
S. F. EMPLOYMENT BUREAU. 17. 4th st.
A MAN to prepare vegetables and wash dishes
country hotel; $"0 and found. MISS PLUN-
KETT, 42.". Sutter St., near Pov.-ell.
WANTED— A first-class window dresser nnd
eard writer for ouf of town; a good position
ar.d nood salary for the rlfjht man. Address.
Btatirg jeferenccq, box 726, Call office.
WHY pay Me prices to have your shots half-
Eoled when you can ret it done for 25c*5«c
r.ml UX\ while yen wait at 5i»; Mi:-sion St..
gkbet,gl«t?an<j •_ »ts., or 11 Third *t.?
WANTED — Responsible man for steady posi-
tion; $1CO cash security required. 1032 Mar-
ket St.. room 4.
BUSHELMAN nnd eoatmaUere for country.
Apply REIS.S BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED day or nlnht Janitors. Apply
Superintendent's office. Emporium.
NEAT, clean errand boys wanted. Apply SiT
perlntendent's office, Emaorlum.
WANTED — A good military tailor. 016 Mar-
ket £t., room 82; steady work.
DISHWASHER. Call after 8. 210 Taylor st.
WANTED— Good sheet metal workers. TAy"
LOU & PRITCHARD. 14 Market st.
BARBER for Saturday; good wages. 1111
Twenty-third ave., East Oakland.
BOY about 16 to sell candles on commission.
Apply Saturday, 7:30 p. m., 237 Powell st.
BUTCHER who can "^cut meat and drlv«
wagon. Cox 727. Call office.
BOY to clean up and go errands at Soren-
scn s Jewelry store, 103 Sixth St.
YOUNG man in office of large corporation;
salary $25 per month. Box 723, Call office.
BARBER grip and four sets of tools. Apply
019 Capp St.
WANTED — Young man, experienced In dry
goods, as assistant floorwalker. Call at
STRAUSS. & FROHMAN'S, 107 Post St.
WANTED — First-class coat, pants and vest
makers: lots of work; srood pay. Apply N.
DAVIS. Reno. Nev. ____
BARBERS— 5-chalr shop in heart of city for
sale: owner going. to Europe. Call DEXJK-
ELMAN BROS.. lW Ellis St.
WANTED— Experienced mechanical and ar-
chitectural draughtsmen; good Inducements
to first-class men. 'Apply 216 Bush at., en-
gineering department.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 1C0 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks -re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full Information mailed free, MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 6-">5 Clay st. - ' ¦
BOY wanted— Apply after 0 a. m. at the Stev-
enKon-st. entrance to CHAS. LYONS, Lon-
don Tailor, 721 Market st. . .
FOP. eale— Barber shop. 3 chairs; In lively
country town; price $100. WILL 4 FINCK,
barber Bupply department. 21 O'Farrell st. '
WANTED — Rouph carpenters and laborers.
Apply room . 14. . 20 Montgomery St.. San
• Francisco Cor.structlen Company. '.-¦ '--.
PRESSERS wanted at once at M. SIMINOFF'S,
1228 Market st. : highest wages paid ; steady
work guaranteed to good mechanics. .-. ; *¦. *'
PENSION ATTY. M.> HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; refei-erces from thousands of
, persona for whom I have; secured pensions." '
FIRST-CLASS salesman for children's de-
partm't. HUB CLOTHING STORE. Oakland.'
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers wanted. 1103 Mar-
ket st. .~ ¦-. . : .-\- • : .¦:-:¦ "••¦ v.';-:""
MENto learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber ; School. ; 741 A Howard st. '
STEADY German! refs. : ¦ tend bar, - make- him-
self useful;. wine' house.' 15 City. Hall "square.
OPERATORS wanted at once on cloaks at M.
SIMINOFF'S. 122S Market st. • ; ;,: ;
BOY 10. years- 4 good opportunity; steady posi-
- tlon. Carson Glove Co.. 12.1 Second, st. -
BARBER trade taught in = 5 weeks. -Address
.W.tC. B.", 047 Commercial st. . .
GOOD strong boy to work« In ' blacksmith shop.
1322 San Pablo ave.. Oakland. ' . . -\.i.--
McDONALD & PERRY have a' large stock of
-0. new. and second-hand shoes; cheap.- 239 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. AV; Bullish room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. , Gco. H. Thomaa Post Q.A. It.
SAILORS and 'Ordinary eeamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. :2B. Steuart. at.-.
: PIAXOS AXD ORGA5S. i
PART of cur list of bargain* In second-hand
; pianos fcr September, 190o:
1 Original
: 2 BARNES & SON- Pr.ce. Now.
"Walnut cases, large sire, colonial
style, thr»e peciais. 7 1-3 octaves,
equal to nev,- $030 $273
; 1 EMERSON—
" AValnut case, cabinet gTand,
carved panels. 7 1-."J octaves, three
ptda s, :n fine condition, slightly
use.l 450 273
1 EMERSON—
Flemish oak case, cabinet grand.
very latest design ani ttalsh. nearly
new 450 SCO
1 SOHMER—
i Mahcyany case, medium size, full
! swinging desk. 7 1-JI octaves, thor-
oughly renovated and equal to new. 500 3C5
1 WEBER—
i Rosewood case, fancy carved. .
largest size. 7 1-.1 octaves, in ex-
cellent condition 650 223
' 1* Bradbury —
Rosewood case, large size, 7 1-3 ¦
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
equal to new » 5C0 350
• 1 Bradbury —
Red oak case, cabinet • grand.
7 1-3 octaves". thcrouEhly renova-
ted and equal to new SCO .Co
Complete list furnished on application et our
etore. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
• -•¦ Corner Kearny and Sutter »ts.
PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
\V1-inkle3. yellow and flabby skin, b'rthmarit*.
smallpox' pittings and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity ae
medicines; special demonstrations this weeK.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
I THE Star Hair Remedy restore* gray hair. !m-
1 proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandrufl
> and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
! cleanses «calp:at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star KomcdyCo..l.t33 Polk.
! CLAUD AUGUSTUS CURRIE. his wife or
I children, or any one knowine their where-
! about?, Dlcase communicate with box 714.
I Call, and learn something to their advantage. -
I BRAUN — Professor Martin, graduate masseur
of the Imperial University Hospital. Vienna.
Office 224 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary. Tel.
Exchange 210. _____
NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
; Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
1 W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market St.
PHYSICIAN 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate. •
DOLLS wanted to drc?9 fcr exhibition or pri-
vate use; place orders fe«fore holiday rush.
Doll Dresser box 729. Call office.
LIQUOR habit cured. "We «ma— _tee to cur»
the liquor habit In 2 days or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 007 Market, r. 203.
DRUNKENNESS morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S3U Polk st.: consultation free:call or write.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday andl
j Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
! St., near Ninth; management Prof. Footer.
I REMOVAL— Dr. "W. C. STRATTON has re-
• moved his office from 2235 Mission st. to
I rooms 573 and 674, Parrott bldg (Emporium).
! AT less than cost uncalled for eults. overcoats
and trousers at' CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market s^ •
I ELEGANT suits on easy installments: CO cents
! and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
! Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
; ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masqner-
.4 ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farrell st^
I SUITS tr> order on Installments. $1 per week.
i Neuhaus & Co.. merch.tailors, 727-729 Market.
I SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
i THE best place to buy goo<t umbrellas or
• have them covered or repaired U 120 Stockton |
i TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 "^>.
i Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Buront.
1 MASQUERADE costumes, play books. w!g;s.
I courtry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO . 733 Mkt.
j ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural cotor; 51; at all druggists*.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with el»c-
: trie needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
PHYSICIANS AM> SCRGEO^IS.
j DR. C. C O' DONNELL— Of fice and residencs.
; 1C21K* Market st.. bet. <5th and 7th: particu-
lar atte-.tion cald to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
: PR. BALL. 1073% Market s^
! REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
treats all disc-asos or the human body; for
past four years »'at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary St., near Leavsnworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herb9 and teas. 727 Washington st.
; WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chines* herbs. 74S-8 Clay st.
ROOMS FOR^HjOITSEIvEEPlXO.^
j ANTONIO, 16. off Jones, bet. Eilis and O'Far-
j rell— .1 and 4 unfurnished rooms to let for
! housekeeping.
I ANTLERS, 415 Turk st. — Strictly modern. 4-3
room apartments; .fur. or unfur. for hsk£>g.
• FOURTH. 223 — Nice housekeeping: rooms, also
i single rooms.
! GEARY, 1432, cor. Laguna— Sunny suits of
j rooms; connecting: bath and gas ranse.
MCALLISTER. 536— Sunny, nicely furnished
suite; sas range, hot bath, laundry; $11:
adults. ,
MODEL HOUSE. 1206 Stockton — Newly fur-
nished rooms, $5-$12: bath, gas, phone. ,
i OCTAVIA, 4C6 — 3 furnished rooms, com pleta
] for housekeeping; $20.
! SEVENTH. 101 — Housekeeping rooms; nic«
i bay-window rooms.
j THREE lars* unfurnished sunny rooms. Ia-
| quire 458 Hayes st.
j TWENTY-THIRD, 3720. near Dolores— 3 sunny
; bay-window rooms; nice. neat, camplcte.
I TWENTY-FOURTH. 0150. bet. Howard and
; Folsom — 2 furnished rooms; gas sttte; fold-
j Ing bed; bath. .
WESTERN Addition — 3 upper sunny furnished,
housekeeping rooms In private family: flne>
marine view; adults; ref. Box 716, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C06
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week andl
light housekeeping rooms: open all nlffht.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. t
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 5Cc, $1, $1 5O night:
?1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 13*1) — Fur-
nlshcd rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, ccr. Mason— Elegantly
; furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 82S— 2 large nicely furnished front
( roomr en suite; very reasonable. ~ *.>:
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mlssloti — Rooms 50a
to $1 50 night; $1 to $.1 week: readlnff-roora.
¦ JESSIE, 363, east of U. S. Mint— Furnished'
rooms. $5 and $S per month.
1 LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat — Sun-
ny single room.
• O'FARRELL. 20S — Nicely furnished sunny
; fror.t rooms, also single rcomi; $2 to $3 week.
HOYAL "House. 12C Ellis — Incandescent lights.
; reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
; lor: rooms per night, "jc to $1 50; week. $-
10 58: month. $S to $-30: elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
¦ — ¦ ¦ ¦¦
, SEVENTEENTH. .T905. cor Castro — Alcov*
i bedroom, facing Market; gentleman: refa.
' j THE FALMOUTH. IOWA Markerst.: furn!?h»d
• ! rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
j , \
. J THE Gillespie. 119 Oth— Furn. rms.. $1 30-$.! 50
• I wk. : also transient rms.. 50c to 75c per night.
!] THE La Tour, 4C8 Post: elegantly turn, rms.;
sunny, every conven. : hot. cold water, phone.
1 •
UNITED STATES, 12T. Eddy st.. near Market —
400 single and family rooms; o3e to $1 night:
$1 73 to ?<5 week: elevator: electric lights;
• reading-room: free bug and baggage.
• VAN NESS. 5tO — Handsome sunny furnished
' • suites and single rooms, all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 .Ttl st.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 70O rooms:
35c to $1 50 nistht: $2 to ?S week: elevator;
elec. lights; readlns-rocra; free bus; baggage.
j CLASP1FIRD advertisements and subscriptions
received * at Call branch of See. 2200 Fillmore.
r A BRANCH effice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1KW
; Valercia st. - >
. ROOMS A.ND UOAUIJ.
I SIiOU^D~lTkTir?ew steady boarders; can fur-
nish two rooms: home eookin?: strictly pri-
- J vate. 235 Eighth st.. downstairs.
I STEVENSON Mansion, »O7 California st.— Atri
J. tractive and sightly room*: best table an\/
5 i- service; lowest rates.
. VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Private boarding-house
homelike; every thine first class; sunny,
suites: single room*: choice locality: rti.
- O'FARRELL, 3CS — Furnished rooms and bourU
In private family; prie» r«a*on»nl«.
The Call's all right, the people say.
Of that thsre Is no doubt*
By telling of It In The Call;
Our rates you'll flnd are low.Cleveland's typhoid epidemic has start
ed public agitation for a filter plant like
that, now being built in Philadelphia.
4— : r— — f
Paraffine Paint 33 00
San Francisco Dryflock 4T TO
Sanitary Reduction Works... 2 0O .......
Sausalito Land & Ferry 16 00
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 SO 0O
Standard Electric ; • 1* W
Tesla Coal Co •••- 30 00
Truckee .Electric 13 25
Union Sugar - ~J w .....
United Gas & Electric 34 60
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning 'Session.
Board — § ~ * *1- 'y.
3000 Lion Oil °*
150 Occidental OH •••••••• *,
3000 Independence Oil. b 30.. zu
Afternoon Session.
500 Occidental Oil ••• J*
100 North Shore R R ' w
1137 Independence OIV b 30... 20
' Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following - were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
"00 Andes 23 100 Con N T. .t.. 10
BOO Belcher" U ""> Crown Point . 18
100 Challenge Con. 30 SCO Sierra Nevada. 4U
200 Con Cal & Va.t 30
Afternoon Session.
300 Alpha OS 100 Overman 21
J0O Andes 23 200 Overman ..... 2O
100'Belcher 13 200 Potosi 21
100 Best & Belch.. 1 45 BOO Ses Belcher ... 05
W)0 Con N Y 10,100 Sierra Nevada. 45
«K> Exchequer 18 300 Sierra Nevada, -it!
100 Gould & Curry 171500 Silver Hill ... 69 |
COO Gould & Curry 18 500 Union Con ... 53
J COO Julia OS 300 Utah 20
10O Mexican 1 00 200 Yellow Jacket. 40
100 Ophlr 1 431
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE. ¦
The following? were the sales on the Pacific
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes ... 23 50O Savage 25
10O Caledonia .... 89 300 Sierra Nevada 50
200 Challenge Con 30 200 Silver Hill..." 57
300 Crown Point. IS 300 Silver Hill... 53
200 Gould & Cur. IS 300 Union Con ... 60
200 Mexican .1 00) 400 Utah 21
'Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal &V.1 27»i| 300 Savage 23
1000 Con Imperial. 03 250 Seg Belcher.. 06
230 Crown Point.. IS 250 Seg Belcher.. 05
250 Crown Point- 17 200 Sierra Nevada 4!)
400 Exchequer . .. l&t 600 Sierra Nevada 48
200 Gould & Cur. 18 200 Silver Hill . .
100 Mexican 1 00; 300 Yellow Jacket 40
300 Potoel 22 1
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The f ollowlns; - were " the «ales on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yea-
Morning Session.
2000 Brunswick ... "00 100 Pine Grora .. 80
400 Mont Ton.... 80 500 Ton N Star.. S4
100 Pine, Grove .. S5 300 Ton N Star.. 33
100 Pine Grove .. 83
Afternoon cession.
600 Mont Ton ... 05 1100 Ton N Star. . 32
100 Mont Ton ... 06 600 Ton N Star.. 31
200 Pine Grove . . 75
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Oct. lff-4 p. m.
BTd.Ask. BId.Ask.
Alpha 08 00 Julia 07 09
Alta 03 BC Justice ...... 05 06
Andes ....... 23 24 Kentuck 01. 02
Belcher 1 .:.-. 12 • 1.1 K Graessler..l CO 1 65
Best & Belch. 1 40 1 45 Mexican ..... 99 1 00
Bullion ....;. 12 IS Occidental ... 23 25
Caledonia.... 87 SS> Ophlr 1 4T. 1 50
Challenge ... 28 30 Overman .... 20.; 21
: Chollar ...... 21 22 Potosl ....... 21 22
Confidence... 70 73 Savage- ...... 23 24
Con Cal & V.I 25 1 30 8corpion 02 04
Con Imperial.. 03 04 Seg Belcher.. "05 08
Con N Y.... CO . 11 Sierra Nev... 47 4S>
Crown Point.. 15 . 16 Silver Hill... 68 58
.Eureka Con.. — 50 St Louts .... 11 —
Exchequer ... 17 " 19 Syndicate ... — 04
Gould & Cur." 17 18 Union Con... 59 60
Hale & Nore. 55 57 Utah 1!> 21
Lady Wash.. 03 04 Yel Jacket.... 40 41
TONOPAH MINES.
• Bld.Ask.| Bid.Ask.
Esperanza ... 01.- ¦ 021 Pine Grove .. 75 —
Gold Mt Con. '— 05i Rescue ...... 05 08
Hannapah Mtl 14 Ton Belmont. 95 1 05
Lucky Tom .. — 10|Ton & Gt W. — - 10
MacNamara . 13 17jTon of Nev.. — T 60
MUpah Ex .. — 33JTon N Star.. 31 -i
Mont Ton ... 05 1 OO'Ton Midway.. 25 40
N Y Ton — 04 Ton & S Lake — 30
Paymaster .. 08 11 'United Ton .. — 14
HAPPY CHILDREN IH THE
GOOD TEMPLABS' OBPHANAGE
Members of Corporation Hear Good
Reports and Elect Board of
Directors.
A gathering of the members of the Good
Templars* Home for Orphans Corpora
tion met yesterday at the Russ House to
elect directors for the ensuing year. Judge
William Sims presided and among others
present were ex-Judge Robert Thompson,
Volney Taylor, Theodore D. Kanouse,
Miss Sophie E. Bateman, George D. Kel
logg. Mrs. George D. Kellogg. F. A. An
thony, W. H. Barron, "W. P. Netherton,
"W. M. Krelss. Andrew I*. Johnston,
Charles A. Offlt. Mrs. M. Inwood, Mrs.
S. E. Plyrnire, A. C. Banta, Mrs. Flora
Anres and Mrs. L. F. L>use.
The following were elected to serve on
the board of directors: Mrs. L». H. Kel
logg, ex-Judge Robert Thompson. Theo
dore D. Kanouse, Miss Sophie E. Bate
man, ex-Judge J. .M. Walling, Andrtw L.
Johnston, Judge William Sims, Mrs. M.
J. Thompson and Volney Taylor.
The members were informed that there
are 200 children In the home and the
health of the young orphans was in every
case excellent. Their happy appearance,
it was said, indicated their contentment
It was also reported that the Institution
was In a satisfactory financial condition.
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
• Mrs. "s F. A.*t Blake (wife of F. ¦ A.) • to Tres
cott S. -Wilson (single): VT 20 feet of lot 23 and
E 20 feet ot lot'. 24. block C, GaskiU Tract.
Oakland; ?10. '- -. ¦- : . -.-';•'..•.
-:Thoma» Petersen (married) and Emma Peter
son (single) to t W.E. Squires, lot 0. -, block, 04*
tract B,' Berkeley .Land and Town. Improvement
Association.' Berkeley:: $10.' *-_,'?:- - "
-: Frank, and Marie Vlelhauer Cwtf e) to Joseph
Krellng.. lot beginning on NW- line of Redwood
"road,' 105.44- NE of Its. intersection. with E. cor
ner f of ; lot 61 ; - map ; - Pleltner »' Heights Tract,'
thence NE ; 106.44,"- NW,:3tt5.42.* SW;105.5S.^SE
3S0.21UO beginning,, Brooklyn .Township:. $10. ¦': i
;v- Lulie . C. - O'Shea ; (Holcomb) wife of John, and
Lydla 8.1 Holcomb : to 'Arthur S.l Maloon^ lots 12
to 14,i block --B.i map .Macy! Tract "In San Anto
nio Rancho, ¦ Brooklyn Town«hJo : tin. •_ . . -, . ¦ ¦_. > .
• Ileinrich or Henry Metn to Anna M.'Freud
enberg lot on NTT comer of West and _ Bay
streets. W 78.20 by N 100. lots A-9 and A-10.
block 11. map block 11, Curtis Tract, aa re
subdivided, etc.. Berkeley: $10. '
I Joseph , Westall (widower) to George L. Mar
shall, lots- 36 and 37. block A, Laurel Grove
Park Brooklyn Township; $10.--- s-'."
H. C. and Mary E. . Morris to Annie . Clem
ence (as administratrix estate of Mary or Mary
Thomas • Waldron. i deceased). , lot 1.' block : 6.
Warner.. Tract. • Brooklyn Township; $10. •
¦ -Eleanor S. Deering (widow), Chester Deer-
Ing (by Frank H. Brooks, their attorney) to
Eva E. • Peppln ' (wife of J. B.),lot-on N line
of Davis street, 479 W of Peralta avenue. W.
60, NE 120.60. SE 60. SW 121166. Deering
Tract.* deed given to correct 702 D. 69, Brook
lyn Township; $10. _ . .- •-¦•
- Neal Boyle to Mary Boyle (wife), lot on E
llne'of Linden street. 1C9 N of West Third. N
25 by. E 125. lot "14. block 480, map Adeline
and Market Street Homestead. Oakland; $10.
: William E. and Charlotte v M.' Frost to Lulu
A. Anderson (wife of James 1 A.), lot on E line
of Henry -street. » 75 S of Eighth. S 25 by E
100 block G29. Boardman's map.- Oakland: $10.
¦ Matilda ¦ A • and John F. von.Herrlich (by A.
J Snyder attorney) .to E. J. Shepardaon. lot
on N line of Thirteenth street.- 165 W of West,
W 28 . -4 by N 100. block 183, Kellersberger's
map. Oakland: $10. " ' .' "
- Frank J. Taylor (single) to Frederick S. and
Georgie M. Ellis.' lot on 8 lino of Montgomery
street. 50 E of Twenty-second ' (or Knox)' ave
nue." S 100 by E CO. block A, map Tuxedo Park
Addition to Oakland, 1903. Oakland : $10. ' v u
Belle Myers ¦ (widow) to David T. , and Ma
tilda »B. Cahill. lot. on N line of Sixteenth
street. 230 W of West. N 103:9 by W 30,. block
C, map of property North Oakland Homestead
Association. Oakland: $10.
¦•¦ ¦ ; p. • W. : and Jennie L. La Fortune to Doman
ico Firenzl.-lot;beglnnlng at point In center of
Temescal . Creek at Intersection by : W' line; of
West street, thence down creek SW 149.56. SW
181.40. SE 50.' NE ,150. SE 90,-NE 84.02. to
beginning. * lots 16 and 17, block 2116. Alden
Tract at Temescal, 1 etc. Oakland: $10.
". Margaret - Rand , to . Belden Building^and In
vestment Company, • lot . on N line , of Thirty
seventh street.-- 412:6 E of Market,. E 37:6 by
N 148." being E 37:B of-lot 5. map of Becketts
, Second Addition/Oakland: $10.* ¦ - •„ ,
J. A. and Emily V. Marshall to C. M. Cook,
lot on N line of Oregon street. 250 E of Tele
graph avenue. E 50 by N 134:6. lot 14, block
T, Leonard Tract. Berkeley; ?10.
HattleJ. Elliot (single) to "Cora E. Jones
(widow), lot on N line . of Merrimac street.
167.04 W of Telegraph avenue, W 60 by N
70.90, lot 4 and W % lot 3, Austin Park, Oak
land; »10.
Grace. E., George W.. Harry C. Jessie L.,
John T. and May V. Roberts (children John
AV. ¦ Roberts, deceased) to Mary T.- Roberts,
lot on E line of Gilbert street. 319.10 N of
Gasklll, N 300 by E 200:9, portion plat B,
Tompklns Terrace, quitclaim deed, Oakland; $1.
A. P. Goniales to Theodore 8wlf t, lot on
E line of Hannah street. 150 S of A. 8 50 by
E 133, being S >/4 lot 6. block N-786, Peralta
Homestead. Oakland: $10.
H. B. , and Susie L. Belden (wife) to Mary
A Sohncke (wife of H. G.). lot on S line of
West Sixteenth street, 100 W of Myrtle. W
B0 by S 135.17, block 591, 'Boardman's map,
Oakland; $10. .
Hugh and Etta E. Martin .(wife) to James
B. -Wilson, lot on N line of Taylor street. 75
E of Wood. E 25 by N 121:5. block 394. record
map part block 394, Oakland 'Point. Oakland;
$10. . ¦ ¦ /-• -¦-•/ ¦¦¦ ¦¦ ¦--¦¦ '-.'¦-
Jane Anderson (single) to William H. - Beck,
lot on E line of East Sixteenth street, 102:4 —
from E corner Eleventh avenue and Sixteenth
utreet. S 47 :S by E 122. block 88, Clinton, East
Oakland: $10.
Alameda County.
Mrs. A. Peterson . (owner) with Charles F.
Sheibley (contractor), architects . Kidd & An
derson — All work except painting, plumbing,
electricity, shades, mantels, gas fixtures for a
two-stcry frame residence on SE corner of
Guerrero and Twenty-fifth streets. S 37:5 by
E 125: $2300.
St. James Mission of the Protestant Episco
pal Church (owners) with' Frederick Ingle (con
tractor), architect A. H. Thompson — All work
for alterations and additions to church build-
Ing on S line of Clement street, between Fifth
and Sixth avenues; $2699.
M. Friedman & Co. (owners) with Joshua
Hendy Machine Works (contractors), architects
H. H. Meyers and C. R. Ward— Electric wiring
and switches for warehouses- on Eighth aid
Brannan streets; $1800.'
Charlotte E. Payne, wife of Clyde S. (owner)
with Herbert F. Hind (contractor), archi
tect — AH work for a three-story frame building
(flats) on S line of Union street, 93:0 E of
Steiner, E 25 by S 100, Western Addition block
345; $8389.
Benjamin Wise (owner) with F. E. Gold £
Co. (contractors), architects Rousseau & Son
AU work for a one-story frame cottage on S
line of Golden Gate avenue, - 200 B of Lyon
street, E 25 by S 137:6. Western Addition
block 591; $2530.
E Hermann Dabel (owner) v with Cobby & Han-
Ben (contractors), architect H. Geilfuss & Son —
All work for a two-story and basement frame
building (two flats) on NE corner of Walter
and Fourteenth streets, N 93, thence E 125,
N 25, W 125, ; S 25 (specification reads E line
of Walter street, 93 N of Fourteenth); $5000.
Joseph D. Grant, guardian . (owner), with
John R. Xobln (contractor), architect Newton
J. Tharp— Plastering work -for an eight-story
and basement brick, stone and terra- cotta
building on E corner of Seventh and. Market
streets. SE 165 by NE 60:0%; $0967.
Builders' Contracts.
Patrick Lyons " to John J. Sane, lot on S
line of Lobos street. 625 E of Marengo. E 50
by S 125. lota 10 and 11, block N, Railroad
Homestead Association No. 2; $10.
Fire Marshal Tqwe reported to the
Board of Public "Works yesterday that
a building j now being erected by Lewln
& Co. on the north side of Market street,
between City Hall avenue and Larkin
street,. Is not being constructed accord
lng^to the provision of the building ordi
nance, which requires all walls ' of brick
buildings more than 137& feet in depth to
increase four inches.
Complaint was also made that tlje party
wall ,of a four-story brick building in
course of construction on the south side
of Sutter street, between Taylor and
Jones, does not extend through- the roof,
but stops at the ceiling of the top story,
which is not considered to be safe con
struction. \
Another building on Sutter street,-be
tween Jones and Leavenworth, owned by
J. M. Lee. is not being furnished with
iron, beams in the light wells so as to tie
the walls at each story. The Board of
Works Immediately directed *a corps of
inspectors to investigate the alleged faulty
construction.
The. Board of "Works has appointed Ed
ward M. Boland for temporary service
as assistant clerk to City Architect Cuth
bertson at a salary of $100 per month.
more, lot on SE line of Peralta street. CC:S%
NE of Tomaaa, NE 29:1%, S 95:9%, NW 28:9,
Bay .View Land Company to Bengt J. Nilson,
lots 7 and 8. block 559, Bay Park Homestead
Association; grant.
Informs Board of Works That Three
Structures Do Not Comply With
Building Ordinance.
•FTR.T. TVTA-RJgTTAT. COMPLAINS
OF FAULTY CONSTBUCTION
William and Clara Horstmeyer to Central
Trust Company, lot 39, block B, Park Lane
Tract; 810.
Mary J. Hirst to Theodore N. Clough, lot
831, Gift Map 2; $10.
Savings and Loan Society to Margaret Mor
ton, lot on' E line of Polk street, 87:6. S of
Vallejo, S 50. E 128, NE 51:2, W 138:10%.
quitclaim deed; $1. - - ¦ .
Margaret Morton to Frank n. Kllduff, same:
$10. ¦ .,.•¦'
Claus Spreckels to . Anna C. Spreckels, lot
on SW corner of Clay street and Van Ness
avenue, W 157:4^, S 127:8%. W 20:1%. S
127:8%. E 40, N 72:8V4. E 137:6. N 182:8%;
Flora and Eavid Sachs to Adolph h.. and Hat
tie O. Weber, lot on W- line of Gough etreet.
82:0 S,of Post. 6 27:6 by W.110; $10.
"Georgie E.'Mayhew to Nathan Diamond, lot
on S line of Post street, 180:5 E of Laguna,*
E 25:10 by S 120; $10.
; Max. Emma and Joseph Hofmann to Fr*nk.
Hofman. lot on : S "line cf Union street, 155 E
of Buchanan. E 25 by S 73; $1200.
¦ Mary J.; Robert C, Mary J.. G. Al. Emma
H., Leonard R. and Enid - A. Rosenberg t6
Rosenberg Estate Company (corporation), lot
on W line of Buchanan street, 51:2% N of
Sacramento. N 25:C.by W 109; al90 lot on 8
line of Sacramento streeet, 167:6 E of Webster,
E 73:1V4 by S 132:8Vi, property outside of the
county; $10.
Marcus and - Jennie Sheftal to David and
Annie Cohen, lot on S line of Bush street, 27:6
E of Webster, E 55 by S ¦ 87 :6r $10.
Ella A." and Daniel McLeod to James F.
Smith lot on N line of Broadway, 122:6 E of
Steiner. E 27:6 by N 137:6; $10. /
Thomas - W.'. Katherine * A. . • Christopher C.
and Lily -A. Rivers to John H. Kruse, lot on
N line of Frederick street. 80:3 E of Clayton
E 25 by N 103. Waller tract; $10.
W. H. Peckham to Ellen L. Peekham. lot
on S ; llne of Eighteenth street, 75 W of Hart
ford, W 25 by S 09:8; $3500. \
William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to John
J. * McGrath. . lot on S: line of Twenty-ninth
street, 1C4 W of Dolores,- W 25 by S 114; $10.'
John J. McGrath to if Julia- C. McGrath,
game; $10. ¦¦ ¦ -¦¦- ' / ¦ :
, Mary or Mary J. Mella to Carl W. and.Ju
belina Thureson. ¦ lot on S ' line ' of Twenty-nev
enth street, 224 , E of ¦ Church. . E ' 24 hy S
114:'$10. ¦- ; - ¦ ¦ 1 :- L '¦"¦• ' '¦- •¦¦• ¦ •"•-• ,•--- . ' ¦
-William McL.. Caleb, James A.. Joseph
B., , Lewis B. or ¦ Lewis A. Levensaler and
Laura A. Hawks (McLevenaaler) to Joseph G.
Levenealer, undivided one-half interest • In • lot
on S line of Bay street. 40 W ; of Midway, W
23 by. S .68:9;"' $10. ,v . . .
- -Minnie Haraszthy to - Hugh R. Beckett, lot
en NW line of .Park Lane Soiith. 241:11 NE of
Third street and '10O :NTV of .Brannan 'street,
NW 97:6 by NE 21:01-8: $10. :. . . ,
• ¦. John S.' and Alice . L. . Brown ¦ to Daisy i L
Rountree, lot on E. line -of ! Twenty-sixth , ave
nue. 108 N of Lake street.' N 20 by E 120: $10."
P.:Ryan'to J. A: Dowllng." lot on W line tt
Alabama street. 101 N of Twenty-sixth, N ' 25
by W 100; ?10. ' : ",
' Mary I. Connell . to Charles H. Waldniann.
lot on W line of Tenth avenue,- 75 S of Clement
street,: S 25 by-W 120; $10. " ' ." ¦
V- William 'J.' and. Emma C.Gunn to same,' lot
oniWllne of Tenth avenue, 100 S of Cletnent
street. ; 8 < 25' by W 120; $10. "
John ¦' H.1 and * Nellie B. Gordon to William'
J.v Casselman." lot on -W line I of Ninth avenue I
250 S of N street,"S 25 by W; 120; $10. . c - J;
¦•:". John Buol to Solomon Get>s.-lot on SW corner
of Nineteenth: avenue and R street, S 77:8 by
W 110:, $10.' ¦; -K. - ¦¦ <- ¦" ¦¦'¦-¦ i ¦'; ¦¦¦¦•.
'•: S. <B.* Smith' to Charles Hunt (administrator
estate - of. Rosa « F. , Hunt), ; lota 14 to 18, block
6," College Homestead; $10.'
Joseph Stewart . and George ' E. de Golla to
D. : L. . Donnelly,", undivided .¦ one^-flf th . of same ;
$1. .¦:.'•-, '-.-*-¦ :.'-. ¦:¦¦• ¦..,<; : ;„- '¦•; :.. .'.-• >*f>.^'
Edward 'D.8wift-Uo ; John Kelleher,'^ lot "on
SB line of : Prospectt street. '.75 SW of 'Virginia,
8W25.by EE 1 70/ lot 167,; Jacob Heyman's sub
division of Cobb\ Tract,' quitclaim 'deed ;>fl\).<~ ¦
;; George and Kate! Ryan to Burton (W.Latti-*
Union Trust Company to Horace Owen, lot
on S line of N street. 82:0 W of Tenth ave
nue. AV,5(> by S 10O; $10.
¦ Ellen Hogeboom to John H. Grady, lot on
SW -line of Goethe street andlSan Jose avenue,
S 40 by W 100, lot 421, Mission-street- Exten
sion Homestead: $10.
John H. and Ellen G. Grady to Catherine
Qulnn, same; ?10.
William and Aggie E. Corbln to Continental
Buflding and- Loan Association. ¦ lot on W line
of Brighton street, 123 8 of Grand Ocean bou
levard, S 23 by W 112.5, lot 37, block 4. Lake-;
view; »10. "
George and Kate Ryan to Jane Klrwin, lot
on N line of Rlpley street. 105 E of Alabama,
E 25 by N 100, lot 10, Harris Map 2; $10. • •
Sarah A'Vroft to Albert W. Lehrke, lot
on NW <-. mei-. of Elchteenth and Mississippi
streets. W VS by N 100: $10. .
Claus and Anna C. Spreckeis to California
Sugar Refinery, lot en NW. .corner of Twenty
third and Michigan streets, U 125, W 100, N
25 W 100, S 150," E 200; also lot on E line of
Illinois street, 300 N of Nevada, E 100. S 60. B
100, N 90 :4^, thence along the shore of San
Francisco Bay NW 37:9>4, NW 100:10. W
12:9. 8W 64:11%, S 82:7%; $10,
Agnes Last to, Sarah Menzies, lot on S line
of California street, 115:2% E of Second ave
nue, E 23-.0H. S 64:8, W 22:11%, N 63:6%;
quitclaim deed; ?10. • .
Monroe, Greenwood Estate Company (corpor
at'on) and Fred A. Greenwood to Fred Schnei
der lot on E line of Third avenue, 300 S of
Lake street, S 25, E 37:8>4, N 4, E 82:3%, N
21. W 12C; $10.
P. F. and Annie C. Benson to C. C. Griffin,
lot on N line of A street. 32:6 W.of Ninth
avenue, W 25 by N 100; $10.
Solomon and Dora Gets to Catherine M.
Haun, lot on E line of Forty-ninth avenue,
2S7-.6 S of K street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Thomas H. and Katherine E. McGulre to
Sarah E. Stevenson (wife of Thomas), lot on
NE corner of Church and Wuncan streets, N
80 by E R0; $10. .
Elizabeth Krafft to George J. and Mary A.
Duffey,- lot on N line of Jersey street, 153:11
W of Castro. W 24:4 by N 114; $10.
Guiseppe and Natalina Profumo to G. B.
Dondern. lot on W line of Powell street, 25
S of Greenwich. S 22:6 by W 70; $10.
Estate of Mary A. Hogan (by R. D. Me-
Elroy. executor) to Louis P. Kernel-, lot on
S Sine of California street. 69 E of Leaven
worth, E 23 by S 117:6; $7000.
Louis P. and Minnie G. Kerner to Johan
H. CI Pri^n, . same: $10.
Joseph S. and Mary J. Hamilton and Louis
A. ar..1 Vrti'da M. Messmer to Irene G. Gor
don, lot vn E corner of Harrison and Third
streets HE I'O by NE 57:6; $10.
Batata o: Mathilde Pedruzzl (by Mathilde
Pedruzzl. administratrix) to Wellington Gregg
Jr , 'ot on SW line cf Vassar place, 135 SE
of Hatrlaan street, SE 25 by, SW 75; J2700.
Frederick Bill and Emma Hammueller to An
nie Bill, lot on S line of Jackson street, 100 E
cf Baker. E 25 by S 127:8%; $10.
Annie or Anna Bill to Johanna Welnshenlc
(wife of S.). same; $10. ¦ .
Harriot F. Tompkins to Ethel H. Tompklns,
lot on N line of California street, 181:3 E of
Lyon, E 25 by N 127:8Vi; gl".
Hyman P. and Carrie Bush to David Sal
field, lot t>n N line of Page etreet. 127 E of
Lyon, E 27 by N 137:«; $10.
James F. Parks to Mary P. Parks, lot on N
line of Bush street. 25 W of Lyon, W 25 by N
75; gift .
. Frances M. and -Edgar L. Atkinson to Cath
arlna Huslrur (wife of Dledrich). lot on N
line of Pine street. 100 E of Central avenue,
E 25 by N 100; $10. t
Joslah O. Low to Brigntie B. Low, lot on
S line of Jackson etreet. 117 :tt W of Maple,
W 29:6 by S 127 :Sy«; gift. V
Relnzl and Mary C. Hughes to Jane Reid,
lot on S line of Geary street, 374 W of Stelner.
W 22 by S 82:6, Hamilton Square; gift.
Ella Traun«? (Flee) to Delia Flee, lot on W
line of Noe street. 22 N of Sixteenth, N 24
by W 85; $10.
James and Ermlnia A. Davidson to George
E. and Mary Dankworth, lot on W line of
Treat avenue. 245 S of Twenty-second street,
S 45 by "W 122:6; $10.
Louis and Jennie Friedlander to Florence B.
Woods, lot on N line of Geary street. 109 E of
Van Ness avenue. E 55 by N 120; $10.
•George -A. and Clara H. Martin to Jacob
Goldberg,'- lot on S line of Jackson street, 60 E
of Octavla, E 40 by S 127:8^4; *10.
Sarah- Harris to Aaron Harris, lot on N line
of Fell street. 55 E of Laguna, E 13:9, N
73:6. E 13:9, N 4(5:7, W 27:«. S 120; $1. •
¦Sarah Hopp. Caroline so Ionian, Harry, Sam
uel. Milton and Charles Glick to same, same;
$107.
Annie Koppel to same, same; $751. ..
James W. Mullen to Emma M. Winter, lot on
N line of Sacramento street. 108:9 W of Web
ster. W 25 by N 123; $10.
Edward V. Swift to Elizabeth S. Martin, lot
on W line of Steiner Btreet, 125 N of Sutter,
N 25 by W 110; $10.
Ann Devlin (Dorman) to Edward M. Stehn.
lot on N line of Sacramento street, 1S1:3 W of
Scott. W 20 by N«127:8Vi: $10. ,
I Augusta and Edmund Lauterbach to John
B. Chlchizola, lot on W line of Larkin street.
103 N of Green (former line). 110:6 N of
Green (present line), N 27 by W 137:6; 10. ,
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Peter. Crate,, a painter, ,whx> was ar
rested by-Detectives OT>ea and Mulcahy
cm a- charge -of entering the room of
Charles Hllliers ,at 969 • Mission street on
October 6 and stealing a concertina valued
at $95, underwent preliminary, examina
tion yesterday. "
A. Raphael. Ruby Lewis and Ed Levitt,
who are connected with a pawn shop at
Sacramento and Kearny streets, testified
that Craig pawned. the concertina for $10
on the afternoon* of October 6. Carl
Eisenschlmmel, handwriting expert, tes
tified that the handwriting of the signa
ture "William VWood".^ in ; the pawn
broker's book was the same as the signa
ture "Peter Craig" on , the City Prison
book.
For the defense Edward Forwick, fore
man painter, and George Eisenmlnger
testified that the defendant was at work
with them all day of October 6 at a
building * at Market and Laguna streets
and could j not have been at Sacramento
and Kearny streets that afternoon. Craig
testified to the same effect and said an
other painter would corroborate the
others and himself. The case was con
tinued till Monday In order that the
absent painter's testimony .might be se
cured. 1 ' ¦ '.. yttMM.
Witnesses for the Prosecution v and
Defense -Give Contradictory r
„¦ Testimony. '.
ACCUSED 'BUBOLAB SEEKS
TO ESTABT.T8H ALIBI
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1903.
13
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The' CalPs Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household " treasure \ should . not
fail to Cplace their '] order im-
mediately.
' This splendid . premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rats of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town v; orders twenty 'cents* ad-'
ditional to coyer prepayment of
transportation charges.'
AREAt^JESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
' THOMAS MAGEETsoxi ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MO.VTGOMERT ST.
-*, n *^ BEVENTH-ST CORNER.
f*0.WX) — Rents f&C 50,, with two buildings. In-
cluding store.
,' _ . EDDT-ST. COKNTR, M
$8,100^ — Rente f.73; northeast corr.er Eady «t.;
over 120 feet frontage on two wide
street*; two frame buildings; always
.• '• renu-d; an excellent buy.
.POVTKLL ST.. NEAR HOTEL FAIRMONT.
•*>,700 — Fine 1<H In cxc^Iirat location; splendid
site for store and fiats.
LEAVEN WORTH-CT. CORNER.
$15,000— lUr.ts $133 r<<> per month; good ttree-
* story buildings; always rented.
NETT FTLLMOKE-6T. FLATS.
$17,000 — Ker.ts «131' . r .i>; three new and excep-
tionally well built fiats In best renting
• location on Fillmere st.
Vasiiington-st. flats.
$52.500 — Rents ftoO per month; comparatively
•* downtown: nine new flats on lot over
.75 ten 'ror.t by 1^5 feet deep.
DOWNTOWN CORNER.
• $SO.OCO — CO feet frontage on a main Etreet east
of Fourth.
VAN NESS- AVE. CORNER.
(28, 000— Fine eize.and excellent cite for family
hotel la the level ix>rtion of Van Ness
- a.\e.
SUTTKR-ST. BUT
• f20,r.00— Not Iar from Taylor Et.; good sire
let with two-story and basement bullj-
Ing. all in pood order; there is not a
better prospective etreet than Sutter.
• ¦ COTTAGE IN THE MISSION.
»z, .50 — For comparatively new cottage ot 5
large rooms and bath, pantry and clos-
. • . ets; a very neat aad well arranged cot-
-,:; : :. «¦«*
MISSION-ST. CORNER.
. ilS.000 — 02 feet on Mission et.. by 125 ff-«t j
6e*p on another main etrtet: etore ajd
flats «n this will rent immediately and
eteadlly.
• . SOUTH OF MARKET BUT.
. 13,000— Rents $53; 41 feet frontage with two
buildings; pays over 13 per cent oa
amount Invested.
LAJUCIN-ST INVESTMENT.
i^.SOO — Pays over 7 rer cent w:th exoellent
prospective future increase.
LARKIN-ST. CORNER.
Good building, leased to one tenant; in
- a few years wi!l demand a flne large |
building an<3 *iiil pay excellent, interest :
• on the amount invested.
LAGUNA-ST. CORNER.
tC.tiOO — 25 feet frontage ; a splendid site for
store l: ; two flats.
CALTFOnMA-ST. BUT.
W,000 — Rer.ts for $50 now. with old Improve- j
" dents; wlih new improvements would {
even pay better.
SACRAMETN-TO-ST. LOTS.
$1,700 each for Jots .' \ ' '- on Sacramento tt.,
near Presidio Htigbts; street bltumin-
lzeiS; grar.it? curbing; artificial ston«
sidewalk; electric cars passing.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
8C. W. COR., 44xlft?. Western Addition, grand
marine view; $4<00; a bargain: rest of block
built up wiih :¦.:•.:> that bring high rents: fine
corner to imrrovt-; cars paes. \V. J. GUNN,
S.">0 California st.
• ONLT S12&5— A bargain; we« ti&e Btxth ave.. !
north of I^.ke; SSxli": street work ficne; elec- !
. v.ic cers close ly. W. J. GUNN. 530 Cali-
fornia rt.
CHEAP lots. sur.r.y Fi£e Union, with fine ma-
• rine view; flTSO. W. J. GUNN 500 Calif or-
r.la ft.
N. H. LANG & CO., 40 Montgomery st..
.Exclusive I>oalers in I*robate and Bank Realty.
$1000— Stvlteh, «i> to date residence in Xfls-
. «ioa warm be'.t; Just completed; containing 7
rooms and bath, elegant finished plumbing and
hardware throughout; adjoining home? have '
all ioun<3 new owners within last two g%mths; j
F<3!d to close partntrihip account; eaewterras
If -desired.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
• 0 rooms and bath; 6unny, modern and up to
.date In every particular; Nos. 966 and QCS
Clayton «.. near Golden Gate Park; price
J5100 and J540O. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
. A- SON'S, in Montgomery et. .
SU4KM — J1.VJ0 CASH; not ret complied but 1
rer -rd for ?I2CK» per year; S marine view
flat*, Nos. 2<<CV70-72 Union et., E. Webster;
every room is and wi'.l be eunsy; every pos-
sible latest improvement. For inspection ap-
piy to A)t.ert Wilford. owr.er. 3009 Jackson.
flOO 1X)WN and $15 month for cottage, 4 r. and
i>. on N'evada ave. Cottage of 4 r., San Jose
ave.. f 100 down and $12 50 per month.
f350 dewn and $20 month. 6 r. and b., on
Duactn st. D. Coffin* & Co., 3303 Mission.
FINE income flat* on Fulton, near City Hail;
reatonab'e. Inquire 142 Fniton st., owner.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
• Call. 1C page*, sent to any address in the
TTr.!te<1 Ftstes or Canada one year for $1, j
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
A NICE HOM&-I ""
ircprwved chicken ranch of 12 acres.
a acres bottom land; 6 miles from Lockford.
Stn Joaquln Co.; small rustic house, new j
bsm. fine well of water, some fruit and ber- !
, rie*. wood: clf*e to school and free rura!
-delivery. QUIGQLE. 9 to 10 a. m. WHIT-
r r AKER & RAY CO.; T23 Market St., or
; a<Sdreg % box 15. Gait.
flO A MONTH t.uys a. 10-acre farm.
Write for booklet: it'p free.
WRIGHT & K1MBROUGH, CC3 J st.
Secragier.to. Cali.'.^nla.
IF' yon vast a stock ranch, dairy cr coloniza-
tion tract, write CHAB. W. COE & CO 43
Weat Sacta gt.. San Joge, Cul.
.ALFALFA la»<1«. *=to<-k ranches, orchard?. -
vlaeyartfF; inspected barjrainf.- monthly cata-
logue? sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO 649
Market et.
62 ACRE3 fruit or {Train land, nrar Esparto
Tolo Co.; cheap. Address E. A. KXEIB. W-
• raond, Cal.
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yfcldine a pood
.' rrof.t. HAMILTON & KENDRICK.Petal ulna.
POiyr niCIIMOXD REAL ~J*gTATE.
¦WATER front lots and bargains; all tract*'
map*, photo*, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.'
• SCIEXTIFIC OPTICIANS. *
DURING the G. A. R. encampment Dr. ClJge
* 1023 Market et.. bet. €th-7th. fitted frtasses to
• Gen. Mi!»-r; you want the best as writ as he.
SEVVI3WG MACHINES A\D SUPPLIES
NEW HOME fewinjr machine; this w^ek only
510. $15. KO; f lightly used; iieedles 20c doz!
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1CC1 Market st.
* SPECIALIST^
CATA RRH. DEA FNEFSand NOISES in EA.RS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Otttingham. 204 Euttrrr «rt.
< STORAGE AXD WAttEUOL'SES.
A — EMEORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household groods rtored. movrt, shipped. 725^
731 Uowaru et-. near Third: phone Grant 101.
i'JEP.CE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and PowcU sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLJN'S £toraff<*— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 GoldtJJ Gate ave.; phone East 120.
"— — — — — — — — — —^— — — .^ — — — —^— __^»_
GOLDEN West Sic/-are: advances made; &40
Mission Et. : Uel. Howard »4L F. W. Zehfuss.
. I'ACIFIC Ftorar* and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 232» Fill mere st.; phone Jackson 2M. |
EEKINS Van and Etorape Co.. II Montgomery
ft.: tel. Main 3 Mo. Shipping at cut, rates.
TrPE\y j^TEj^AX'P SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYpiEwRlTERS^W-e
sell bcittr machine* for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
. Exchange. S3C California: telephone Main 266.
A FEW Rood typewriters et C30 each; get par>
tlculars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
• erorocry »t.
2D .;" AND ,*yJ >ewr ' t '-'-8 *o!i. rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Intpec. Co.. 508 Market.
.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of Ban Francisco, state of California— Pro-
\ bate. No. 2DS.*). 'Indorsed) Filed Oct 13
1903. Albert B. Mahony. Clerk, by E. S
Uawley, Deputy Clerk. In the matter of
the estate of PATRICK DUGAN. deceased
Notice for publication of time apoointeJTfor
probate of wtlL C C. P.. Sec. 1S03. Xotlce
is hereby given that TUESDAY, -the 27th day
of October. A. D. 1903. at 10 o'clock a. mTof
that day. and the courtroom of Department
No. * of said court, at the City Hall, In the
city and county of San' Francisco. State of
California, have been appointed as the time
l and place fcr rrpvins; the will of eaid PAT- 1
* HICK DUGAN. ' deceased, and for hearing <
«sthe application of NELLIE A. LASSELL :
for the issuance to her cf letters of admlnis- 1
tration with the will annexed thereon IHeal I
ALBERT B. MAUONT. CJerk. By Ev H.
HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk. Dated October 13.
A- D. 1903. A. D. KETES. Attorney for '.
ADVEHTISE3IENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
of the:
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
Transatlantic Fife
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, IN THE STATE OF GER-
many, on the 31st day of December. A.
D. 1903. and for the year endlns; on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of thi
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of sections 610 and Oil of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the. Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company I429.A0O 00
Cash In Company's Office 4,747 21
Cash in Banks 27.787 SO
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans • 3.588 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion <¦•• • 81,237 81
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 334 74
Certificates of Deposit In hands of
United States Trustees 49,000 00
Tctal Assets .$336.401 JM
- LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid | 820 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 13,821 53
Loi-ses resisted, including expenses. 4.133 00
Gross premiums' on Fir* Risks run-
ning one year or less. J273.7O* 70;
reinsurance fiO per cent 13T.832 SS
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than on« year. $172,810;
reinsurance pro rata 99.877 (S3
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due*. 20.303 03
Total Liabilities ..; .$277.311 34
INCOME. — — .
Net cash actually received for Flr»
premiums ............$328,653 It-
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans snd from
all other sources 1S.049Q3
Total Income ...$347.603 43
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fir* Lossea (la-
chiding $36,711 33. losses of pre-
vious years) '• $134,037 73
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 88.313 10
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 18.73173
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes -•« ••¦' ' 4.730 10
All other payments and expenditures °1S,O73 91
Remittance • to Horn* Office 438 21
Total Expenditures ......$312.348 79
Fire.
Losses Incurred during th* year.... $168. 425 29
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $33,042,678 f«S9.639 83 .
Net amount of. Risks
expired during tbe
. year 33.863.396 487.743 13
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902.. 30.411.636 448,314 79
¦ LEO A. LOEB, Assistant U. 3. Manager. I
Subscribed and sworn to before m» this 234
day of January. 1903.
ARTHUR , A.. LOEB. Notary Public ,'
PACITIC DI71BTXXXT XSTABUSHXB Cf 1373.
, < : 213: Sansome Street
San Francisco, CaL
V. C DRIFF1ELD, ManaleT.
MABBIED.
ASHLAND — WOODRUFF — la this city. Octo-
ber 14, 1903, by th« Rev. Francis M. Larkin,
William £2. Ashland of Berkeley and Wlnnl-
•fred L. Woodruff, of San Francisco. - r
EWALD— BECKRR— In this city. Octob«r 14,
1903, by the Rev. W. H. Althouse, Albert
J. EwaJd of Sacramento and ¦¦ Sylvia M.
. Becker of San Francisco. • . • : . .
HUEBSCH— MEI.SINO— In this' city, October
14, ¦ 1903, Frank J. Huebsch of Eau Claire.
. Wli., and Adele Melsinjr of San ¦Francisco.
MAURER— SMITH— In this city, October 10.
1903, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, pastor of
the First English Lutheran Church. B. Grant
Maurer and Lottie May Smith, both of San
Francisco.
PETERSON— ANDERSON— In this city. Oc-
tober 14, 1903, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander,
pastor of the First English Lutheran Church.
John Peterson and Anna Anderson, both of
San Francisco.
DEED. ¦
Ancker, Frieda Hurson, Ellen - v
Bourne, Richard A. McNamee, George E.
Bunner, Stephen Mahan, Ann
Burfelnd. Mary I Mahony, Daniel Gi
Connors. Patrick Mills, Lixzie
Cook, William Mother M. Augustine
CuminEs. Thomas ' Pedgrlft, Wm. N.
De Stein, Louis V. Raven, Sofia
Ellis, Georsriana , Soper, Harleigh F.
Ferriter, Patrick J. Tadich. Mary
Fisk, Mrs. Merivah Tormey, Peter J.
Harlan. Christina M. Wynne. Richard
Haworth, James
ANCKER— In Tehachapi, October 16, 1903.
. Frieda, beloved wtfe of Leo Ancker, mother
of Lenora Ancker, dearly beloved I daughter
of Jacob and Pauline Levy, and ' sister of
Jennie, Fanny, Louis and Leon Levy, aged
24 years.
CTNotlce of funeral to follow.
BOURNE— In this . city, October 13. 1003, at
his residence. 2120 Bush atreet, Richard A.
Bourne; husband of Anna Bourne, and' father
of Mies F. Wlnn. Miss Birdie, J. P., W..A.
and G. T. Bourne, a native of Springfield,
Ohio, aged 62 years.
-'. EXFrlends and acquaintances and ' com-
rades of the G. A. R. and members of Frank-
lin Lodge No. 44, A. O. U. W., are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, which
will be held under the auspices of George H.
Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R.. at their hall,
320 Post street, on Sunday. October 18, at 1
o'clock. Interment Oeonte H. Thomas Post
.Plat, National Cemetery, I'residlo. , ¦
BURFEIND— In this city. October 15, 1903.
Mary, beloved wife of the late Martin Bur-
feind. and beloved mother of Addle. Henry,
Edward, May and the late John Burfelnd.
a native of Lyons, Wayne County, New
York, ared fis years 9 months and 3 days.
(Lyons. Wayne County, New. York, papers
please copy.)
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October IS, 1903, at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1900 Taylor street, between Union
and Filbert, thence to- 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BUNNER— In this city. October 16, 1903,
. Stephen, beloved eon of George F. and Sarah
Bunner. brother of James, George and Rod-
ger Bunner. and grandson of Stephen and
Eliza Bunner and James and Margaret
O'Donnell, a native of San Francisco, aged
7 years 1 month and 28 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30- o'clock, from the parents*
residence, 2r>O Lau*sat avenue, between Fill-
more and Steiner, Halght and. Waller streets,
thence to Sacred Heart Church for services
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CONNORS— In this city, October 16, 1903, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Ellen Connors, and
father of Nellie Connors, a native of Ever-
green, County Cork, Ireland,' aged 56 years.
C7 Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. 0"Connor & Co.. 767
Mission Btreet, between Third and Fourth.
COOK— In this city. October 16. 1903, Wil-
liam, beloved son of Walter and Grace Cook,
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 9
months and 12 days.
CUMINGS — In San Mateo, October 14, 1903,
Thomas, dearly beloved son of Ann and the
late Edward Cumings, and ¦ brother of Jo-
seph, John, Edward, Margaret and William
Cumings, Mrs. George Welch of San Jose
and Mrs. Otto Streit of Oakland, a native of
Ran Joso, Cal., aged 22 years 8 months and
12 days. (San Jose papers please copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ITJl'-j Fourteenth street, thence to St.
Charles Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his sou], '¦
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery-
DE STEIN— In this city. Octobervl3, 1903,
Louis V. de Stein, beloved husband of Char-
lotta de Stein, a native ot St. Louis, Mo.,
aged 44 years 2 months and 9 days.
- inTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the Mis-
sion Masonic Temple. 2668 Mission etretl, <
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
under the auspices of Mission Lodsre No. 16y,
F. and A.- M. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery. Remains at the funeral parlora of
- Bunker & Lunt, 2C66 Mission street.
ELLIS--In this city, October 16. 1903, Geor-
giana, dearly beloved daughter of Mr. James
Ellis and Mrs. Annie Ellis, and sister ot
James, Patrick, John, Joseph, Eliza, Flor-
ence and Georgie Ellis and Mrs. Mary
Groves, a native of San Francisco, aged. 3
months and 13 days.
FERRITER — In this city. October 15, 1903,
Patrick Joseph, beloved husband of Margaret
Ferriter, father of Katie, Patrick Joseph,
William and Leo L. Ferriter, and .brother of
John Francis Ferriter and Mrs. Mary R.
Connolly, a native of the parish of Ferrite
Dingle, County Kerry, Ireland, a*ed 47
years.
tTJ^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlora
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission etreet,
thence to St. Patrick's Church 'for services
'at" 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery- N. B. — A requiem hjgh mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
. o'clock to-day (Saturday), at St. Patrick's
Church.
FISK— InMenlo Park. October 16, 1903, Mrs.
Merivah Fisk, beloved mother of Mrs. A. E. '
Allen, Mrs. Marshall and Frank Fisk, a na- 1
tive of Canada, aged 81 years, and 9 months. I
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow-
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 921 Polk street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HARLAN— In this city, October 16, lfMB,
Christina M., beloved wife of the late Jacob
W. Harlan. and mother 'of Robert J. Mc-
Donald, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 70
years. (Stockton papers please copy.)
E3" Remains at the parlors of McFad<3en,
McBrcarty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Ssventh and Eighth.
MAHAN— In this city, October 15, 1003, Ann
Mahan, aged 15 years 11 months and 23
days.
HAWORTH— In this city, October 15. 1903, at
the residence of his son-in-law. Charles C.
Wells, 234 Carl street, James Haworth,
father of Mrs. Jamesina Wells of San Fran-
cisco, and brother of Mrs. V. N. Pauly cf
Loa Angeles, a native of England, aged 78
years 8 months and 6 days. A member of
the Society of California Pioneers. <Marys-
vllle «nd Nevada City papers please copy.)
E?"The funeral win take place from Pio-
neer Hall on Sunday, October 18, at 1:30
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
- by electric funeral, car. Remains at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany, 405 Powell street. • •
HURSON — A eolemn requiem month's mind
mass will be celebrated at St. Joseph's
Church to-day (Saturday), commencing at*
9 o'clock, for the repose of the soul of
the late Ellen Hurson. Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend.
McNAMEE— In this city, . October 16. 1003,
George E., beloved brother of James and Jo-
sephine McNamee. a native of San Francisco,
• aged 3S years 11 months and 10 days. :
JX C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from hin late resi-
dence, SIS Hyde street. . Interment - Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
.Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. ,, ,. -•,':..
MAHONY — In this city, October . 15, ¦ 1003.
Daniel G., beloved husband of Elizabeth Ma-
hony, son of Daniel and the late Mary Ma-
hony, and brother of Mary Mahony and Mrs.*
E. Liebar of New York City, a native of
California, aged 29 years 4 months and 5
• ' dayn. ¦ - ' .<¦. .¦¦:.-'¦¦
(tyFrir nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking ' Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Patrick's
* Church tor services, commencing at 12:30
o'clock. Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery..;
MILLS — In this city, October 14, 1903, Lizzie
Mills, beloved wife of Thomas Mills, mother
¦ of Veira and Thomas Mills, and daughter. of
Mr. and Mrs. Bernard Connama. a native of
Connecticut, • aged 22 years 4 months and 20
day*. -
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
October 17. 1003. at 8:30 o' clocks from her
¦ late residence, 3117 Broderlck etreet, thence
to St. Vincent de Paul's, Church, corner of
' Stelner and Green „ streets,' where a ' requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, / commencing ' at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage. - -
MOTHER MARY AUGUSTINE— In this city.
October 14, 1903..: Mother^ Mary -Augustine,
provincial superior of the Sisters of the Holy
Names of Jesus and Mary, aged 54 'yeans ¦ 1
¦ month and 6 days. ~-^¥^ft&&mjML 1 t$pife}
CThe funeral will tako place .-to-day
; (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at the Convent cf
Our Lady of . the Sacred Heart, < where a scl-
emn reuulem high mass will be celebrated
'. for the reoosa . of ¦ her eoul. - Interment ' St.
Mary's Cemetery. I Oakland. . . .-.-,¦
PEDGRIFT— In Oakland, October: 16," 1903. at
-. 1318 Seventh " street, ; William Norrle*, ~ be-
¦, loved «on of Samuel , and Jessie Pedgrlft, a
native ot California, aged -6 months and 16
days."3aI»BMas»^ta»MB^jJS|fli^jiiiiTij^^ij ll gn;if
RAVEN— In this city, October 15, 1903,' Sofia
"Raven of Petaluma, , beloved wife of C.^Ra- 1
James McGinn. ... :. Henry i Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO.. -
Formerly With McGinn r Bros.,
Funeral . Directors and Embalmers.— —
214 Eddy st.: Tel. 'South' 676.' :
..If you'have been, reading. Spearman's new series of two-page stories
you will not need even these extracts to keep you on a sharp lookout for
Delaroo in the next Sunday Call. Spearman's stories are the sort that
you never forget. They get a grip on your memory like the mysterious
fascination of railroading itself.
However. Delaroo is onlv one of the big things in the next Sunday
Call, as. for instance. "The Golden Fetich." It is a new mystery story
more mysterious even than "The Mystery Box," more excitinsr than
"Tainted Gold," more surprising by far than "Brewster's Millions." and
vet containing all the originality of these three arid more. You've read
them all in the Sunday Call. You know then what splendid promise you
may expect in the first installment of "The Golden Fetich" next Sunday.
Then there is "The End of the Line," by. Mrs. Edwin Knowles:
"The Man Who Won." by Edwin Lefevre; Miss Partinzton's Prize
Paris Picture: "The Etiquette of the Coaching Girl." by Madge Moore;
"Education for Success." by Sir John A. Cockburn. K. C. M. G.:
"Me-ows of a Kitty." by Kate Thyson Marr; a full page of .prize photo-
graphs from the Third San Francisco Salon, and — but there is alto-
gether too much to enumerate here. You'll have to see it all for your-
self. • ?>£'&; .-?>%¦
OFFICIAL Kansas is all amazement over, a new element that
has just obtruded itself into American politics and — rwon out.
Official Kansas is investigating, but meantime the women of
an entire State are seeinjt to it that their triumph of the last few
weeks .is maintained .and the cause of true love holds full sway.
They fought in a wav peculiarly feminine for their right to receive
their lovers and to be wooed* and won and married when, where and how
they pleaded. The men fought against it, but the women won. and in
pursuance of that victory they dragged the defeated candidates out of
office by main force. Hence official Kansas perturbation. Hence,
too official Kansas* effort to keep the facts -quiet until it gets fall
and final report of this astounding condition of affairs. Meantime Hv«
men rules an entire State in a manner never before witnessed in all the
history of the world. The Sunday Call will put you in possession of all
the facts next Sunday, official Kansas' perturbation notwithstand-
ing '•• ¦¦
And did you ever read of Delaroo? He was an Indian. He was
more He was the shadow incarnate of. Maje Sampson; He was even
more than that. He was the best- railroad character that ever causht
the facile pen of Frank H. Spearman, who is himself the best writer of
American railroad stories in the world to-day. This is , Delaroo as
Spearman knew him: • "i. •
"As long as Mate 'would talk Delaroo would listen. That single
word was. in fact, the kev to Delaroo ; Delaroo was a listener: for that
reason nobody knew much about him."
And this in brief is one of the most tense moments in all Spear-
man's exciting narrative of Delaroo's career: '*}X : ;
"What do I think of it?" muttered^ Neighbor, when the local operator
asked him for a report for Callahan. "I think there's two engines for
the scrap in sight— and the 264. if we can ever find anything of her — and
about a million sheep to oav for — " Neighbor paused to give an order
and survey the frightful scene.
"And Delaroo." repeated the operator. "He wants to know about
Delaroo — "
"Missing."
LOVE'S VICTORY
AT THE POLLS
REAL ESTATE JCVtX— FOR 8Aj:ti '
<5. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery et..
Real Estate Asents and Auctioneers. -
flOO.OOO-Mtrkn « three-story brick^ build-
ing, presentments *330 from Nov«m-
*45,000— Fine investment, dose In town,
double frontage: substantial 4-story and
basement buildtn* of 66 rooms and
bath, occupied as a J?****:*™"*
modern plumbing; leeueC for 6 years
at fSOO per month; tenant. J«ys water;
in first-class condition;' pay. 7 per
holding to iniproye with a
modern buildin*: 34 :4% xl37 :0.
$22.000— Octavla St.; a flats of 7-7-» room» and
bath each- bay windows, brick founda-
tion etc.:' rents $150; 27:6xS7:6.
117,600— Sacramento »t.; 3 houses of 0 rooms
and bath each; bay windows, brick
foundation, etc.; MxllS
$18,K)0— Business corner on Third St.: old Im-
provements renting for f COO per annum.
$13 O0O— rac.flc ave. ; residence of 12 rooms,
bailment and attic and wine celUir;
', marine Mew; 27:0xl27:8»4.
$12,000— Sutter st.; 3 flats of 7-tt rooms and
bath each; rents $100; brick founda-
tion, etc.; 20x137:6,
$10 500 — Bu*h st., east of Larkin; 2 flats of
T-6 roorr.s liay windows, brick founda.
tion ftc: reats *73; 25x137:0.
1^000 — Bullrier<«, attention: beautifully situ-
ated corner, 100x87:6, overlooking the
city and Golden Gate Park; both streets
accepted; a cheap lot. ,
$9,000— Rents $9<i6 per annum; business cor-
ner; store, flat and 2 houses; lot 60 x
si>: within 5 minutes' walk ot the- City
HalL
$7.700 — Near Ninth and Folsom *ts.; 4 fiats
of Ji-0-4-4 rooms and bath, bay wln-
do\rs. brick foundation, etc.; rents $76;
aO:6xS5.
$7,000— Park flats; Fulton St.; 2 flats of 5-6
rooms and baths, bay windows, etc.;
rents $51; 2.*xl(»'.
?5,500 — Rente $576 per annum; near 1 Third
nnd Folsom sts. ; 3 flats of 5 rooms and
l«th each; bay windows, etc.: lot
23x90.
$3,200 — Corner, near Fifth and Harrison sts. ;
well Improved; rents $37 60 per month.
$4.500 — Rents $540 per annum; near Taylor
and Hroadway ets. ; 4 flats and lot
37:Sxf4>.
$3.500 — Vallejo et. ; 2 flats of 5 rooms anil
bath earh: rents $34; brick foundation,
etc.; IlxW.
$3,250 — Near Ninth and Mission Bts. ; two
houses of 0 rooms ' each; rents $33;
2rixr.C:S.
$2,700— To close an estate; price creatly re-
duced to make a quick sale; rents $228
per annum and over naif the lot va-
cant: 2 flats of 5 rooms and bath each;
haniy to several tines of etreet cars;
lot 7i>xS0; a real snap.
$2,500— Rents $300 per annum; near Ninth
and Bryant sts.; 4 flats and lot 215x80.
For further particulars of the above and for
: the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properties for Fale in all ports of the city
apply to oar office,
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
' 20 Montgomery st..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots; close to Du-
boce Park: bltuminlred streets; lots level and
ready to build on; a rare chance to obtain a
holding admirably situated and close to the
city at a very reasonable price; diagram,
price and all further particulars at our office
G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 20 Montgomery St.*
real estate agents and au ctioneers.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
BERKELEf ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$10 — *-rm. houze. 1816 4th st.. W. Berkeley
$12 — 6-rm. house, foot ttfd et.. Golden Gate.
I US — 6-rm. house. COth et.. nr. Adeline *ta.
• H 1 * — C-rm. house. Mason St., nr. Ashby eta.
$10 — t-rm. house, 1310 Delaware et. Berke-
ler. Water free. Write for list of other
houses. E. E. NEWTON. 2131 Center st
Berkeley.
3. 3. MASON. — -
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
EE. cor. Shattuck ave. and Center st.
Berkeley. Cal. -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY. »
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AT AUCTION^ -~~«~-~—
AT AUCTIOX.
AT AUCTIOX.
AT AUCTION.
1 AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1903,
On the Premisea,
At 1 !o0 p. ex., *
The Reichling Houses,
Northwest corner Linden end 8th sis.. Oak-
land's prettiest residence section.
8 Beautiful Homes,
In
8 Large Single Subdivision*.
With 9, 10, 11 and 12 rooms, bath each; cost
originalJy $5000 to $11,500 each to construct.
Large Sunny Lots.
Large sunny lots with -ta ft.. 50 ft., C9 ft. and
70 f u frontage by a depth -of 100 to les feet.
I CN'ote eiro and depth.)
Beautifully terraced, above grade of street,
with the most artistic stone coping uniformly
arranged around the entire frontage, with
palms and full-grown shrubberies throughout
each garden. For years this half block of resi-
dence homes has been the pride of the city, tha
1 personal care of the owner, as one of the
I finest kept properties in Oakland.
Artistic and substantial, similar to the
grounds of Golden Gate Park and the Schil-
ling's, Oakland's water park.
Rentals as an Investment.
As an Investment property has retained
steady tenants. Some of them have occupied
came almost since construction.
Present rentals are $30, $45 and $65 each.
A HOME LOCATION
Fronting on the only bltuminized residence
etreet in Oakland; opposite and adjoining fiae
block of modern residences worth from $&500
to $25,000; same block as tbe Havens' and
George W. McNcar'j beautiful homes; 3 blocks
of Market or Adeline station; short walk to
Broadway business center; walking distance to
high school and finest primary, grammar and
private schools in the city, without necessita-
ting children to cross streetcar lines.
One of the choicest, close in, convenient,
strictly home neighborhoods in Oakland.
AN OPPORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED.
THE PROPERTT MUST BE SOLD.
SEVERAL INTERESTS MUST BE CLOSED.
OWNERS ANXIOUS TO SELL.
•». NOTE THE TERMS.
One-third cash, balance oa mortgage In one
and two year*.
To see premises, get permit at office. •
Sale Saturday, October 24, 1903, •
1:30 p. m.. on the grounds.
Write or call for catalogue showing photo-
graphs of premises and giving full particulars.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
Auctioneers,
400 and 462 Eighth St. Oakland. CaL
: $2500— COMFORTABLE cottage with bay-win-
dow and high basement; lot 140 feet deep;
fine large barn; gravel driveway; nice neigh-
borhood; street work all done; above San
Pablo ave.: terms If you like. J. S. MYERS
cr GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway.
Oakland. - ¦• ¦
$2C00 ONLY— For a flne cottage of 8 rooms
fixed for two families; part rented for $1« 30
per month; balance occupied by owner; all
*trm work done. Apply to P. C. LASSEN
& CO., 4C0 Tenth gt., Oakland. '¦.;:
WEST.et.. 840; seven apartments; income $79
per month; modern improvements; windmill
and tank; $7000. Inquire 907 Grove st.,
Oakland.
Modern house. 0 rms.; stable; Mason & Hamlln
organ. Before 12 m.. 422 Orange st.. Oakland.
OAJCL^XD^FlJnxiTUnE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the iay^UyThorx^U^in^tvirviv-
ture. H. ScbeMhaa*. 11th Et..cor.ntore.Oaklnd.
STCTTERBO AKD STAMMBIU.Vtt.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cure
In every cass; Individual teaching; no medl-
clne. Inquire into wonderful cure«;home cure.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The for.owlnc marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Henry Plate, 25. cily, and Wllhelmlne Feil.
23, city.
Peter E. Hedvall, 37. 245 Steuart street, and
Johanna Padda, 31, 2310 Tirenty-flrst street.
Ulytses S. Main. 33, M£# Mission street, and
Ida M. Newton. 28. BIrdseye. Ind.
John M. Gallagher, 25, 211 Austin avenue,
and Belle Cutter, 2L 12 Oak Grove avenue.
William J. Corder, 2£t 741 O'Farrell street,
anrt May Pendcr. 28. 741-O*Farrell street.
Thomas Wilson, 27, 208 Rose . avenue, ana
Jennie Berryman. 23, 20S Rose avenue. j
Francis G. Ely, 3.1, 710 Diamond etreet, and
Ida M. Gomez, 31. 710 Diamond street.
Ella Genazzi. 32, Marshall, and Clelia Gar-
zoli, 22, Tomales. " . ¦> '_¦' :.:
John C. Wallace, 29, 805*4 'Howard street,
aad Margaret E. Hatch. 24, 810 Utah street.. .
John L. GIbaon, 24, - Stockton, and Pauline
Gribble, 24. Haywards. ¦¦_ . ¦
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
. Birth, marrtasre and dettth notices sent ; by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the publication . offices and • be
Indorsed with tbe name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the 'same published.'
BOBN.
NETTING— In this city." to tbe wife of George
J. Netting, a son.
ven. ¦ and sister of Mrs." N. Segard, a native
of Denmark, aged 88 years and 14 days.
IC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Sunday) ' at 1. o'clock, from the parlors of
HP Petersen, 22S McAllister atreet. -In-
terment Odd Fellows* .Cemetery. * '
SOPER In Salina Cru«, Mexico. October 16.
l»03, Harleigh/ F. Soper. son of JJr. J. H.
i and Mrs O. C. Soper, and brother of Eleanor
Soper. aged 29 years.
TADICH — In this city. October 16, 1903, Mary,
dearly beloved daughter of Mr. Andrew Ta-
, dlch and Mrs. Antonia Tadich, and sister Of
Katio Tadich, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 months and 18 daya.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fluly invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 18. at 1 • o'clock ¦ sharp,' from her
parents' residence, 14 John street, between
Pacific and Jackson, - Mason ¦ and " Powell
streets. Interment Holy Croes Cemetery. .
TORMEY— In Portland. Or.; October 16, 1003,
Peter J.. beloved husband of Mary C. Tor-
mey, and father of Clara M., Isabel L.,
• Edith M. and Julian C. Tormey, a native of
Plattsburg. N. Y. _ . A
- (E?"Notice of funeral hereafter.
WYNNE— In this city. October 15, 1909, Rich-
ard Wynne, a native of Georgia, aged 78
: years. / ¦" . ¦ ¦ s
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
j parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2660 Mission
: street, between Twenty-oecond and Twenty-
, third. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
. Mount Olivet Cemetery. " -,PROMINENT METHODIST MIN
ISTERS, AGAINST WHOM
CHARGES ARE MADE.
Father Marsha has been granted:per
mission to say mass 'at St." Patrick's
Church on Sunday morning at 10 .o'clock.
It is expected that a large number of his
countrymen will be present at the i mass*
Father Marsha, is a man of profound
learning and is said to be an • excellent
speaker.* He will ; deliver the . sermon In
the Syrian language. ¦ * .
Rev. Father Basilius Marsha, a noted
Syrian priest, arrived in this city sev
eral days agq^for the purpose of looking
after the spiritual welfare -of his coun
trymen" who reside; in California." Father
Marsha is ¦ a ' cuest of Alexander Harris,
a well known local Syrian ; merchant. :
liver Sermon in the Language
\, . of the' Far East.
Rev. Father Basilius Marsha to De-
NOTED SYBIAN PRIEST WILL
PREACH AT ST. PATRICK'S
Native Daughters' Home.
The - Native Daughters of the Golden
West^will have a day and night at the
Chutes on ; Tuesday for the -benefit
of the Native Daughters* : Home, . which
was recently -removed from * O'Farrell
street to; 1113 Hyde street .The members
of the' board of; relief have charge. of the
tickets. •¦;• ¦ > > - - •: - V.
"Winei Seller in Trouble.
V P. ; , Gabarino, '¦. a shopkeeper in; the Latin
quarter, was arrested yesterday", by^ Inter
nal ; Revenue 'Agent B.j M; I. Thomas t on ¦ a
charge of selling wine without an. Internal
revenue^ license. ; He "was ; released on - fil
ing a* bond for $200.'., ;¦
"The leading. banks are our customers; They
know of Mysell-Rollins* good work at 22 Clay." •
Bell to Serve Three Months.
Logan Bell, a waiter, was convicted by
Police Judge Hogan yesterday on a
charge of battfry and was sentenced to
serve three months in the County Jail.
On October 8 he attempted to assault
Mrs. Emilia "VVinklcr of 64S Howard street
at the ocean beach. The Judge said he
was sorry that Bell could not have been
charged with a more serious offense, as
the proper .way to serve men like him
was to spring them up to a telegraph pole.
A deliphtful political parody on "Tit Willow"
epppsrs in to-days itsue of the San Francisco
News Letter, and by to-morrow it will be
on "verybody's tongue.
The .Newi letter Is handling politics with
Its usual outspoken vigor and with Its usual
influence.
H is not neglecting the brighter affairs cf
life, though, and contains a most amusing in
terview, in which lire. Georglana Betteley the
Boston society rtader, give* her adverse opin
ion of Ran Francisco society.
The Liooker On department is full of good
*roes1p. and has some hitherto unpublished
facts about what brought on the war with
Spain.
The automobile department has new matter
about the coiaing races, and on page 22 will
be found a fine article on Carney OldSeld the
famous racer.
The News Letter is an authority on financial
dramatic and literary matters. • '
To-Day's News Letter.
Arrange Halloween Ball.
The San Francisco Scottish Thistle
Club has sent out invitations for Its
twenty-second annual Halloween ball,
which will take place at Lyric Hall, 11D
Eddy street, Friday evening, October SO.
The club pipers will render famous Scot
tish music during the evening.
Resource* — Bank -¦ premises, $1,876,708 44;
other real estate, $381,605 70;. miscellaneous
stocks and . bonds, $20,175,358 62; loans on
stocks, bonds and warrants,' $17,352,007 25"
loans on personal security, $40,065,204 62; loans
on other securities. $7,089,668 46; . money .on
hand, $14,370,941 74; due ' from , banks V and
bankers. $17,196,465 48; other assets, $2,701 -
654 65; total resources. $121,809,675 02.
j Liabilities — Capital paid up. $15,005,000; re
serve fund' and Droflt>and loss. $9,048,725 01
due depositors, $70,436,536 68; due , to banks
and bankers, <H3,431,944 78; State, county or
city money,, $S51,265 20; other, liabilities, $12,
136,203 35; total liabilities, $121,809,675 02.. .-
The Board of Bank Commissioners com
pleted yesterday the inquiry into'J the
financial condition of the national banks
of California. Air of the institutions "are
reported to be flourishing, as never before
in the history of the State. The state
ment of resources and liabilities based: on
the returns of September 8 is as follows:
State Commission Benders Encourag
ing Beport of Their, Besources )
. and Liabilities. , .
NATIONAL BANKS ABE '• ~
UNUSUALLY PBOSPEBOUS
At the time of the investigation he was
notified that rte would have to stdnd trial
or leave town. He promised to. leave for
Europe and never come back again to this
citjv The committee accepted this solu
tion of the problem. Harper left to.wn
and the matter was dropped. Two days
later he reappeared and assumed charge
of Centenary Church. It was .then that
the committee resorted to the use of the
printed report to warn the Methodist min
isters in the State against Harper. < .*
• The present acticfn of , Harper came as
a surprise to the men he charged/ and
none, of them had any inkling 'of. what
was going to happen until • yesterday,
when each received "the following letter,
dated' October , 14, 1903: ';
You are hereby notified that your character
will be investltated at the coming session of
The distribution of tha circular report
of the findings against Harper was done
by the committee to prevent Harper's re
appearance In church circles in the State.
Harper about six weeks ago brought
suit against the committee that had pre
viously Investigated his wrongdoings and
also against Presiding Elder J. E. Moore
to recover $50,000 damages. The charges
set forth in the complaint for suit were
that the defendants had caused to be dis
tributed among friends . of the plaintiff
printed matter setting forth alleged im
moral actions of Rev. Edward -J. Harper
in the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion. The defendants retained an attor
ney and nothing was ever done in the
suit, except the taking of- Rev. J. E.
Moore's deposition. The other defendants
were never even notified that a, suit had
been entered against them and they knew
nothing of it except what they had read
in the papers. -
HABPEB A FIGHTEB.
members of the conference. This, Har
per alleges, was a malicious defamation
of his character, and he sought to have
the committee punished for misusing the
United States mails. • He was unable,
however, to obtain any proof that the
mails were used in the distribution of the
reports.
BALLIET'S MAIL
WILL BE HELD
Le Boy Asks for Delay.
E. H. Le Roy, charged with cruelty t<
a minor child, appeared before Pollc*
Judge Mogan yesterday. His attorne;
asked for a continuance and* It wa
granted till this morning to enable him t<
plead. Le Roy Is accused of hotdinj
Elmer Brown, a boy 7 years of age. ou
of a second story window by the ears s<
aa to compel the r^-'- mother to giv<
him money to buy drink. I' |! \\
Public to Be Protected
Frqm Alleged Swin
dling Scheme.
Postmaster General Payne's fraud or
der issued against Letson Balliet was re
ceived yesterday by Postmaster Montague
! and copies were at once served upon the
posfofflce inspectors for action. Th.e order
reads as. follows:
Postofflcs Department. Wasnlngton. D. C.
It having been made to appear to the Post
master General upon evidence satisfactory to
him that the Pacific Security and Trust Com
pany of San Francisco, the White Swan Mines
Company, Ltd.. and L*tson Balliet at San
Francisco and Baker City, Or., engaged In
conducting a scheme or device for obtaining
money through the mails by means of false
and fraudulent pretenses, representations and
promises in violation of the act of Congress
entitled '"An act to amend certain sections of
the Revised Statutes relating to lotteries and
for other, purposes," approved September 19,
Now, therefore by authority vested in him
by said act, and by the act of Congress en
titled "An act for the suppression of lottery
traffic through international and Interstate
commerce and the postal service, subject to
the Jurisdiction and laws of the United
States," approved March 2. 1805. the Post
master General hereby forbid*- you to pay any
postal money order drawn to the order of said
The Pacific Security and Trust Company of
San Francisco White Swan Mines Company,
Ltd and Letson Balliet at San Francisco and
Baker City Or., and you are hereby directed
to inform -the remitter of any such postal or
¦ der ¦ that payment I thereof has been forbidden,
and I that ihe amount thereof will be returned
upon the .presentation, of the written order
or a duplicate thereof applied for and obtained
under the ! regulations . of. the department.
And you are hereby instructed to return all
letters whether registered or not and other
mall matter which shall arrive at your of
! flee directed to the said (here the foregoing
names are repeated) to the postmasters at the
offices at which they were, originally mailed,
to be delivered to the senders thereof, with the
word "Fraudulent" plainly written or stamped
upon the • outside of such letters or matter.
Provided however, that "where there Is noth
ing to indicate who are the senders of letters
not registered or other matter you are directed
in that case to send such letters and matter
to the Dead ftetter - Office, with the . word
"Fraudulent" • plainly written or stamped
thereon to be disposed of as other dead mat
ter und'er the laws and regulations applicable
thereto. ' H. C. PAYNE,
1 Postmaster General.
Balliet 1« the prime mover in the com
panies named in the fraud order, the Pa
cific Security and Trust Company having
been organized by him for the purpose of
guaranteeing the bonds of th.e White
Mines Company, Limited. He employed
eighteen stenographers in his office In this
city • to receive money orders and answer
letters coming from thousands of people
on all parts of the country. He was con
victed about a year ago in a United
States court >In Iowa and was sentenced
to a term of • imprisonment in the peni
tentiary. His case" Is now on appeal be
fore the United States Supreme Court.
The action of the* Postmaster General will
virtually put ' him out of business.
Bushnell Booked for Murder.
' William • Henry Bushnell. the boiler
maker, was .- booked at the City Prison
yesterday on a charge of murder as a re
sult of the verdict of the Coroner's Jury
on Thursday. He Is accused of having
thrown 1 a lighted lamp at his wife, Cath
erine Bushnell, at their home, 211 Seventh
Seventh avenue, on September 12, causing
burns from which she died on October 8.
Brother Pays Funeral Expenses.
The i body of = Albert Bader, who com
mitted suicide 1 In McDonald's lumber yard
on King street last week, was Interred In
Laurel - Hill Cemetery yesterday. His
brother, in Chicago wired to Captain Mar
tin that he would [ defray all the ' funeral
expenses. .
Piso'a Cure will cure your cough, relieve sore
ness of the lungs and help difficult breathing. *
Next Sunday— Adults 75c, children 50c.
See all points of Interest (eight-hour trip),
cruisers, navy yard, etc. No liquors sold.
Steamer Sausalito leaves at 9:30 a, m.
Tickets at North Shore office, 626, Market
street, or Ferry office. " •
Popular Bay Excursion
fornia. Webb and Kearny streets Is re
ported to ha%-e been about completed.
The property is that formerly occupied
by the French bank on California and
\\>bb streets and the L tha. runs through
to Kearny street.
The entire dimensions of the land are:
On California street, 6^:6 feet; on Webb
.street, 137:0 feet; on Kearny street Td:3
feet.
Covering the c!d French bank premises
«n the northwest corner of California and
Webb streets js a two-story structure.
Back of this Is a brick building now oc
cupied as a stable. On the Kearny-street
frontage are stores In a two-story build
ing and fome offices.
The property belongs to the Bolton es
tate, represented by E. M. and R. E.
Bolton. The purchaser Is not named. The
price reported is between $250,000 and
?5O0,OO0.
LABGE SALE OF DOWN
TOWN PBOPEBTY BUMOBED
Sum Saia to Be Involved in Transac
tion Banges From Quarter to
Half Million Dollars.
A larefe transaction in realtv on Cali-
A meeting, called by order of the ex
ecutive board of the State Sempervirens
Club, was held last evening for the pur-'
pose' of taking preliminary steps .toward
establishing a branch of the club in this
city. Dr.' Amy G. Boweu was chosen
president of . the local branch and Mrs.
Charles "W.. Moores secretary.
Many Important topics were - discussed
and a committee was appointed to pre
pare-an appropriate "exhibition for the
world's fair 'at St. Louis next year. The
club has a most important scheme on foot,
the details of which it Is keeping secret,
and another committee was appointed to
put it Into effect. -
SEMPEBVIBENS CLUB TO
BE ESTABLISHED HEBE
Officers of Organization Are Chosen
and Many Important Topics
Are Discussed.
At the time of Harper's exposure a cir
cular bearing the report of the findings
against him was printed and sent to
One of the pastors, whom Harper
charges, speaking in regard to the in
vestigation, said:
This is purely a case of malice on the part
of Harper. The charges against Harper which
caused us to remove him from the church
¦were preferred by Secretary McCoy of the
young Men's Christian Association of San
Francisco and came ud before the conference
February 20. 1003. We ,were appointed to in
vestigate them and we found I them all true.
Harper on the testimony of several young men
of the association was found guilty. The
committee then suspended Harper and con
cluded to held him for trial or give him the
alternative of surrendering his credentials and
leaving the church. He chose the latter. Hla
present course Is undoubtedly the result bf
spite and we have no fear of the result of the
investigation of the charges • preferred against
us. What we did was for the good of . the
church. ¦ '-fV
So positive was the committee that the
charges of Harper was malicious that the
accused pastors were not even asked to
make a statement.
The committee completed its labors late
this evening, but withheld its findings un
til the resumption of the conference to
morrow morning at 9:30 o'clock. It was
learned, however; that the committee
found that Harper's charges were "ma
licious and without foundation," and that
the accused ministers would be vindi
cated.
FINDINGS WITHHELD.
The men against whom Harper made
these damaging accusations are Rev. J.
J. N. Kenney of St. Paul's Methodist
Episcopal Church of Fresno, Rev. W. O.
Waggener of the Methodist Church South
of Ukiah, Rev. J. A. Wailes of the Fifth
street Methodist, Church South of Santa
Rosa and Rev. W. E. Vaughan, editor
of the Pacific Methodist Advocate.
Harper, who was forced to resign from
his pastorate of the Centenary Church
of San Francisco last spring and -who Is
no longer a Methodist minister, was rep
resented in the preferring of the charges
by Rev. H. C. Meredith of San Jose.
The accused clergymen were all mem
bers of the investigating committee that
suspended Harper ,last spring and caused
him to surrender his credentials and leave
the church.
Harper's averments come as counter
charges.
The investigation consumed the entire
day.
Bishop Morrison, who is presiding over
the conference, appointed an investigat
ing committee, composed of Rev. J. c.
Simmons of Stockton, Rev. A. Odora of
Le Grande and Rev. J. Emery of Hollis
ter.
yesterday by sensational charges
against four of the State's most prominent
Methodist clergymen. The allegations
were by Edward J. Harpgr, a former pas
tor of the Centenary Methodist Church
South of San Francisco. .
OAKLAND. Oct.' 16.— The Pacific
Methodist Conference South, in
session at Asbury Church, was
thrown into a flock of excitement
Harper made a determined' effort this
morning to have his credentials restored.
Bishop H. vC. ..Morrison refused to give
him a hearing. Then C. F. Harper, father
of the former '.. minister, threatened to
withdraw his support from the church,
with which he has been* connected for
the last thirty years. He and his son
claim that the original charges were not
formal and were the result of Jealousy.
Edward J. Harper says that no written
charges were ever prepared against him.
The charges have created widespread
indignation, as they involve the character
of men who are well known. The various
members of the conference consider, the
present action of Harper a farce. They
say it is merely an accompaniment to the
suit filed last month and will prove in
effective.
It remained for Rev. H. C. Meredith of
San Jose to prefer the official charges in
behalf of Harper. Presiding Elder J. E.
Moore of San Francisco was also a mem
ber of the committee that investigated
Harper's alleged immoral conduct, but
Meredith refused to sign charges against
him.
No cognizance was taken of the com
munication, as it was considered unof
ficial.
the Pacific Annual Conference of the Metho
dist Episcopal ' Church South on the ground
of immorality. E. J. HARPER.
The prisoners must have had an accom
plice on the outside in order that tho en
velope containing the fraudulent remis
sions of sentences should come in the mall
bag to Major Paxton, prison commander,
ilajor Morrow was making' a quiet inves
tigation as to who might have slipped the
fateful missive in the mail bag when it
•was reported that Foster, the messenger,
had disappeared. The army officers are
inclined to think that the enlisted man
v.as affected with a gxiilty conscience and
that he thought Major Morrow was close
on his track. A vigorous attempt will be
made to apprehend Foster.
The investigating officer will complete
his formal report at an early date and
transmit it to General MacArthur.
Major Morrow spent two full days at
Alcatraz and inspected the offices where
"White and Moore were detailed. Paper
like that on which the forgeries were
committed was found in abundant quan
tities. In the printing office Major Mor
row made an exact copy of one of the
forged orders, thus demonstrating that
the crime might well have been committed
on the island.
Major H. "W. Morrow has made a con
ciflerable amount of progress In his inves
tigation of the fescape of Federal Prison
ers "White, Moore. Stokes and Darling
from Alcatraz on October 7. Messenger
Foster, who was detailed to carry the
mail between army, headquarters in this
city and Alcatraz, has deserted. William
Lefeyth, who was suspected of complicity
in the plot through which the convicts
were released, has been located at Mare
Island. It was learned by Major Morrow
that he had enlisted in tho marine corps,
and a diligent search revealed his where
abouts. Lefeyth will be subjected to a
rigorous questioning, and if it is found
that he has done anything criminal he
¦will be severely dealt with, as he has al
ready received a dishonorable discharge
from the army.
It would appear as If McDonnell had
fallen into the "bad man" habit and was
engaging in his swindling operations not
so much for the profit as for the pleasure
of being wicked. •
One of McDonnell's picayune specula
tions In which he engaged a few years
ago was to advertise in the dally papers
for a Grand Army veteran to fill the posi
tion of elevator attendant at wages of J60
per month. The applicant was requested
in the advertisement to inclose a 2-cent
postage stamp with his application. That
was all the profit that McDonnell got out
of his speculation. -.The 'room on Kearny
street that he hired to occupy as "E Ep
stein, pawnbroker," cost him $24 per
¦month. ...
¦¦ McDonnell- is nearly 80 years old and is
thought to be slightly abnormal in his
mind. His latest scheme was to write to
persons in the country advising them that
a parishioner of his at Emeryville had
died after, confessing that he had stolen
a large sum of money from the person
addressed and that all that the decedent
had left of any value was a pawn ticket
showing that $12 50 had been loaned on a
gold locket with a solitaire diamond. The
person addressed was advised to send
thatsum to H. Epstein, pawnbroker, at
a certain number on Kearny street and
receive the valuable locket and diamond.
The strangest part of the story is -that
McDonnell has furnished to his attorney
a receipt or bill of sale from a firm of
wholesale jewelers in this city certifying
that McDonnell had Sought of them four
lockets, three at $3 25 each and one at
$12/ wholesale prices. If the bill of sale
is genuine it proves that McDonnell must
have received a large number of replies
inclosing $12 50 each through the mails to
net him sufficient profit to ' make the
scheme worth the risk. ?
The prisoner was remanded to the cus
tody of the United States Marshal pend
ing the finding of a new indictment by
the Federal Grand Jury-
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday quashed the Indictment against
George T. McDonnell, alias "H. • Epstein,"
alias "Rev. J. R. Taylor', pastor of the
Church of the Redeemed at Emeryville,"
charging him with having. used the mails
for the purpose of . defrauding gullible
and dishonest persons by means of a
pawn ticket scheme. -The action of the
court was taken on a demurrer argued by
Bert.Schleslnger, who produced a decision
by Judge . Olln Wellborn of the United
States District Court at Los Angeles, who
held that it was not (Sufficient in such a
case that the indictment should merely
follow the language of the statute, but it
should also I charge directly that the de
fendant had intended to perpetrate the
fraud through the instrumentality of the
mails. ¦¦ :'V'-^ ;V -
Private Foster Disappears
and a Suspect Is
Located.
Because of Defect in the
Indictment Another
Must Be Had. :
McDonnell Seems to Be
Bad for the Love
of Crime.
Major Morrow Obtains
Light on Plot of the
Escapes.
SOLVES MYSTERY
OF THE FORGERY
SMALL PROFITS
ARE HIS MOTTO
THE SA:iT FKANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1903.
At Instance of Edward J. Harper Oakland Conference Investigates Damagr
ing Allegations Against the Four Prominent Clergymen Whose Verdict
Caused Their Accuser's Suspension for Acts Involving Moral Turpitude
SUSPENDED METHODIST MINISTER
CHARGES OTHERS WITH IMMORALITY
14
' SAIJB'S. .-• gALT/S., .^
Girls Get Special Attention
at Hale's To=Day.
Girls' dresses. Girls' coats. Girls' hats. J Girls' Stockings.
The Girls' DreSses_The $i.is one b J««"d.
comes first! We picture it here. It's £S\iK% k ££ ***"
of fancy plaid material; yoke, collar, Qi r i s » Hats, S2.75 and $.1.00. are
large fancy reveres, cuffs and belt are om tQ _^ - strong a n bright,
in cashmere. It is all tnmmcd with ff es h and pretty; just trimmed this
braid; reds and greens. . esoeciallv for to-day's sale.
$1.25 drew Is another fancy check- on. In 25** fc if l-l«t r'n of theffl on
plain effect, round yoke, reveres, straight 1 here Will DC at least I.iO OI tnCHI o«
. sleeves. with cashmere cuffs. Reds, blues -display this morning and no two ot
«Ms b ££"«W«ji good quality cashmere m them exactly alike. Others at S4..9X
plain colors, blouse effect with reveres. Children's Stockings — Three very
.round yoke, standing yotiar; trimmed wltb . . 1 « _.
S brass buttons. Blues, browns or reds. Special, very unusual offers.
$2.05 cashmere blouse dress with fancy re- ¦ ¦* ¦:„ nrnje att* -t *>ti« wide and nar-
veres. round yoke; made of pleated - silk. &V ribbed Ions
plenty of braid trimming. Beda or browns. anl elasflc. 6"s to 10-a.
Girls' Coats_$3. 95 is the first one; 2Oc Q T ir><? wlde or narrow
in box, effect with cape, large bishop ribbed, heavy weight. 4 sizes— 6%, Vn.
sleeves; buttons double; trimmed with 8&. 9^— only four sizes. That's why
stitched satin bands as well as silk J» Wt them cheap.,. Yet they are the
cord; tans and navies. „ J* OTTOS AT 1 "<• lisle thread nar-
$5.00 girls' coats (like the picture), are all -Jg-^gSS fin, See' open
wool kersey, stole effect collar, new sleeve*. EPJ^t • * ? ?«« •i-hlJ-h 1+ nna
slashed pockets, high turndown collar; jf» "«** from ankle to- top. which Is one
all trimmed with satin bands. Tans and ot the prettiest patterns this season.
,. castors. »'s to 9&. One we are very fortunate
$6.75 coats, kerseys and zibellnes. double- to have under priced. 17c
Ostrich Feather Boas
And other winsome neckwear for women
/~0i§^&e6&8SP oas are e most covete d p^ eces - n "
i^^^^B^9^ eec^' e -' ve one a ress >'' finished air
nothing else can. I f they are good they
J^S^^m^^mi/ will wear long enough to more than re-
k^~\ Hale's boas are the best.
W^^hss^^"^) They are not cut short, though that's
i^ib^^- wsSwirtl^ a common fault now — done in order to
iBB^-?'W^^^i> > ''' Morten the price. On the other hand,
¦^^^MSf 6 $10.00 Boas ..
i $ffl^fj!t*i!f^ ) ®° to&tes long— longer than the ordinary $19 boas.)
¦2g£hti~y Mffijt- 1 ' Beautifully full fluffy ones in black or gray.
mk,t-> y ']i i(*&f^l $12.50. $15. and $i7.-;o ones are V/x yards.
" 7a ones arc J^ yards.
f&3&W y 2^ oncs are *H y ar<^ s long and in handsome
Qe&M*^) I *^~ N shaded effects, white and tan, tan and brown,
j^W^I) pink and white and blue and white. \: »/J
*&&&* $30 ones are \Yx yards long.
But of other neckwear.
STOCK COLLARS play an Important part. Here they are at 50o. fixed tn
many pretty ways — Persian ribbon, faggot stitching, taffeta stitched silk and
? a few with lace medallions.
Fancy MERCERIZED STOCKS are 73c. Those with BULGARIA!! BANDS.
50c and 75c. . i
FANCY STOCKS of colored taffeta, $1.75, and white panne velvet ones, $100.
Those with silk embroidered medallions are $2.50.
LACE STOCK COLLARS In Point Venlse patterns, 50c, 65c, 73c, $100 and *L50.
Remarkable Offer of 20c and 25c Men's: Boys' Shirts.
Tooth Brushes at 10c. v 50c Ones at 39c.
They're all genuine bristles in ' a They are made of good grade of fancy per-
numViAi. nf d-v1*»o Therein lies the cale> 9trtD * s * nd narures. Stiff bosoms and
number Ot Styles. merem lies me , epa rate cuffs. Some of them are «l!ffhtly
Secret of the bargain. But a {tW soiled: most of them ar© not. but they aU go
, ...'.- at tne one once, 39c.
odd dozens of a kind such as accu- EST Aff *&7
mulated with the wholesaler during <^^ <S& /W jS£&&jgi3L
all out to us at. a price. So take Ml^^^GooS^oo^^^^
your choice this morning of any of " -- — *^^
them, ioc each. M^>ket Street. Neap Sixth.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
eooaeaeoGdoeeeeeeeeoee
I MISSION |
| F URWITURE |
1 At zOyO Discount |
o Prom Regular Prices. ©
o
O o
O We offer our entire line of ©
| MISSION AND S
S WEATHERED OAK |
3 Dining-Room Furniture 2
S Bookcases •
3 Desks 3
3 Chairs 3
3 Tables, Etc. 3
iChas.M.Plum&Co. I
© Cor. 9th and Market Sts. 3
ooooocoooa>a«gQ9»eto«»S
_ CUTLERY^
EVMaAlORRRANTED
Always. Remember the Pall .N^me
I? j2X3.tsvQ |4romo
CcrcS a Cold in One Dey, Crip in 2 Days
A\'d%*'-£ onevwy
W>/rj£fan#&* box. 25o
ADVEBTISTnvrTTNTS.
The Art Sales Galleries.
THE LAST DAY
OP THE
ORIENTAL .
This Afternoon 2:30 o'clock.
Special* Evening Sale To-Mght
at 8 o'clock.
If you need fine rags at your
own price don't miss this last
chance.
A. W. LOUDERBACK,
' Art Auctioneer.
YUZUK & CO.,
230 Post St
IALLONBY
A NEW CLUETT TAB
IN QUARTER SEES— AT
YOUR FURNISHERS
CLUETT, PEABOOY & CO.
MAKERS "5
jfSn&n BS^Bxk.9fa O M
••KinsofoDBotlletJBeers. w x C
8r«w«4 from Bohemian Ho$t» I
SOLO EYEfiVWHESE. |
HnjBERT MEBCANT1LB5 Ca t
Pacific Coast Axenta. * B
"I Can't Go
I've such a terrible headache," need
never be said again. Dr. Miles' Anti- .
Pain Pills quickly cure and positive.' f
prevent headache and all bodily paint/
Ooaranteed. All d ni\ jrUt*. 25 do-e. 23 cent* J
Ob. Miles Msoicai. Co.. isikban. lad.
MARKS BROS. . | MARKS BROS.
JVl ARKS I HONEST
»I?1^CL Prices the Lowest.
_-¦ [Ribbons ther^ Ora<^V
IP*r* FANCY WASH RIBBON"; striped and Dresden effects; 4 to 6 inches In
'"v width. Res. 23c quality. .
FZ r FANCY WASH' KIBBON, 3 II R r SATIN TAFFETA RIBBON. 4
II »w Inches wide. Reg. 12V$c quality. \ Itft inches wide. Reg. 25c quality.-
| High-Class Corsets. |
We Carry an Extensive Line of. All the Leading Styles In Corsets.
; . All are reliable makes and yours at the following: prices' for to-day only:
-75c for. our $1.00 CORSET. * 1. BO for our *2. 00 CORSET. *.
91.OO-for-our $1.25 CORSET. *1.75 for our $2.23 CORSET.
$1.25 for our $1.50 C0H5ET. fS.OO for. our $2.50 CORSET.
4 Vei^s arid Vei lino;.
Or. CHIFFON DRAPE VEILS, hemstitched borders, . all colors. 1% yards
*"l Ions. Worth 4Sc , _ . , v ; .
PZ. O r» ¦ T CZ r* --<£. 1 f\ O <C 1 ¦ O MOURNING VEILS— made of light
OUC,lDt ) '3>l«""iV'«'*13 '-weight nuns veiling: 1% yards
. '¦ long. Very. much, admired. . ,:' v ; v , . ~ . :U
fte- _ a _j MESH WEILS, 'newest fall color*, in a variety of tasteful designs;
¦£• tJ t/jaiCl cheap at 60c. Special to-day. 23c per yard. .
| Stunning Conceits in Neckwear. _
IOPCr» *FANCTr WASH £?ILK 'STOCKS.- An exclusive and artistic range of
ApC patterns! to select from. ,, ; .-,. - _ . • "~ 1
« PZ~~~~ STYLISH LACE OVER COLLARS. Cream or ecru. Latest fall novelty.
1 1> V j -. . .-; . . . :•. .;......:... .-¦.- . ....;..............¦.......;....
2 Hosiery Specials^ belt novelties
:,-."--, •^.-' v - ~ '"""iC-i- SILK BELTS, oxidized 3
¦¦tC\ '"¦ ' ¦ || WOMEN'S BLACK ; 1 '¦/ -.»T\ f? l ; '* buckle front and »a«>.; ,
' I >C f* -;.¦:•¦ ALL - OVER : LACE £* '^J : Latest fall desijtn. I
.IfJW HOSIERY. Fast black. . II Worth 50c. '- ||
mS* /: ' worth4 ° c - ;. \- • HANDKERCmEF SALE.
— v . II CHILDREN'S • BI-jj ,p~± II WOMEN' 3 -HAND-
•lCJy^ c.Y.CLE RIBBED "\ f* . KERCHIEFS, made of
IOC'-- HOSE. Doubie hee,. - . 3 C fe &£%,&%&
• | toe, knee. * - II H border. ¦ •
Big Of f ering in Muslin Gowns
; AT A 20 fER CENT DISCOUIVT; ' V
¦ Just Secured a Drummer's Sample Stock of Muslin and Cambric Gowns. '
?¦¦ Elaborately trimmed l - with i embroidery. ; linen ; Torchon lace and; embroidery
'. insertion. ' Some are made with fancy; yokes, others wiUi^sallor collars. All are
rfull length. Just think; of ; these tempting prices:
t : | 39c, 48Cy 65c^ 75c, 85c and 98c. 1
Gowns priced; according to 'quality and" trinuninar.. • : . .
IVI AKI\O DIlUO. Bet. Taylor and Jones.