PRICE FIVE * CENTS
VOLUME XCV— NO. 2.
ToreeMt m&de at Saa rmn
cisco for thirty, hours eadiair
siidalsrfct December 2, 1903:
San Francisco and vicinity —
Clcady Wednesday; lirht south
erly wind, charjrtag- to north
erly. A. O. McADIE, .
*-!;. District forecaster.
Continued on Page 2, Column 3.
Continued on Page 2, Columm'fb
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. X.— The City
Council's Committee on Free Libraries
to-day voted t6 accept from Andrew
Carnegie the cift of $1,500,000 for the
building of thirty branch libraries In
this city. Acceptance^ has been strong
ly opposed.
Carnegie's Offer Is Accepted.
REDDING, Dec. 1.-— As two boys,
aged 5 and 7 years, and a girl aged 3.
children of Mr. and Mrs. Rube Weir
of Churn Creek, were playing about a
brush fire a quarter of a tulle from
home this afternoon, one of 'the boys
fired the grass by mean's of a brand.
The flames quickly encircled the girl,
whose clothing was ignited, and before
the father»reached the scene every gar
ment on her was burned. The prompt
application of oil allows the girl to
rest easier this evening.
Flames 'Encircle Playing Child.
It is realized that Japan must necea-t
sarlly be the leader in such an enter
prise, in order that a successful cam
paign may result. The Japanese have
large Ideas as to their rights In mat
ters connected with the mutual Inter
ests of the two empires, but the ablest
Chlnes'e believe their country would b«
far better with Japan dominating
Northeastern Asia than with Russia
doing so. They reason that the Japan
ese would always encourage the devel
opment ct China's natural strength u
PEKING. Dec. 1.— China's mo3t dis
cerning and * influential statesmen
doubt the ability of the Russian and
Japanese 1 governments to avoid war,
and intend/ If their forebodings ara
verified, to use all their power -to in
duce the Pekip.g Government to make
common cause with Japan. It seems
highly probable that the advice of these
men will prevail, for the rulers oi
China are eager to see Russia brought
to a standstill.
Statesmen Favor, the lilaking of m
Common Cause Against Russia.
CHINA WOULD AID JAPAN.
her presence was required before the
Jury.- ¦- - - ._/.
The most Important point brought
out in the testimony was given by Dr.
George F. Shiels and Dr. George H.
Martin, both of whom attended Major
McClung sliortly after "he was wounded
by the bullet fired by Alexander Gar
nett. • ¦ .
Dr. Shiels testified that he had in
formed : Major McClung that' he was
fatally wounded 'and that he would die
ajid asked -the wounded man to tell how
he had been shot. :
"An. intense quiet pervaded the In
quest-room " as Dr. Shiels quoted the
answer of. his. old- friend, Major* McV
Clung, who had been' Informed th'at he
could not live. ; • ' '.' '". . ¦ ¦
CURSED AND SHOT VICTIM.
"I. told him he was fatally wounded
and could not live," testified Dr. Shiels,
"and I asked him. to tell me how he
bad been shot. .
"McClung replied that if he was go
ing to die he wanted his wife to be
with him,", continued Dr. Shiels. .,'¦*.¦£*";'
"Then he. said to me: 'I was calling
on Mrs. Colt and a man came in crazy
drunk, it was Alexander Garnett. He
tried to shoot her and I protected her.
He threatened s her and I.. told him to.
go away and, then he said*,.'.' —
you, I w'lll shoot you,'.' and, then I was
shot.' " • • > • : :
Alexander Garnett listened to this
damaging. testimony without flinching
and he continued to gnaw at his short,
stubby mustache and shift in his seat
on the bench." ' ... .'
The jury summoned by Coroner Le
land consisted of the following citizens:
W. Xillenthal. Hyman Marks, William
McKay, C. Moore, H! I. Van Frank. H."
Schaffer, Paul E. Arndt, J. J.Hen
dricks, W. WIckhem and George Seeger.
Previous' to thecalllng of .witnesses
Coroner Leland informed the Jury, that
Mrs. Lillian Hitchcock-Coit was phy
sically unable to -be present. #rt I -was
told by her physician. Dr. de Vecchi."
said Coroner: Leland. "that .he .did not
know when; Mrs." Colt might be: able to
appear and ; testify. He did not' know
If she would ' be ' able to f be . here ' in a
day.'a week or in months. I therefore
went to her rooms , in the Palace Hotel
yesterday arid took" her' sworn 'deposi
tion in -the presence of District ; Attor
ney Byington, her attorney and others:
. A morbid throng of humanity filled
the Inquest-room of the. "Coroner's of
fice yesterday morning when a Jury 1
listened \to the testimony in ¦ the case
of Major J. W. McClung, who -was shot
by -Alexander Garnett on the evening
of November 25 In the rooms of Mrs.
Lillian Hitchcock-Coit In the Palace
Hotel. A. verdict of willful' murd«r
was returned by the Jury against Alex-,
ander Garnett. ¦ -, _, ., ...
Perhaps the most interested specta-.
tor of the proceedings was Alexander
Garnett, the man accused of the'mur
der of Major McClung. The prisoner
was taken to the inquest-rodm by De-"
tectlve Ryan a few minutes* after the
•proceedir crs commenced and he was
jjlven a b -t in the front row of the
seats reserve I for the public. He sat_
beside his rela: ve, Porter Garnett, and'
did not allow a single word of the tes
timony to. escape him.
It was shortly after 10 o'clock yes
terday morning that Coroner Leland
called the case of Major McClung for
investigation by the Jury. District At
torney Byington was present to repre
sent the people and Attorney W. Alford
listened to the evidence on behalf of
the man that killed Major McClung.
The gathering in the' "Inquest-room
was a cosmopolitan one. Prominent
officials, whom duty "called -to the pro
ceedings, sat beside courtroom loung
ers, while distinguished medical men
elbowed with bellboys and maids from
the Palace Hotel, summoned as wit
nesses.
MRS. COIT NOT PRESENT.
A touch of society and fashion was
given to the gathering by the presence
of some women who reside at, the Pal
ace Hotel. The curiosity seekers who
expected to listen to the testimony of
Mrs. Lillian HitchcocK-Coit and watch
her demeanor on the witness stand were
disappointed, as. she was -not called as
a witness and the Jury heard her testi
mony, taken on Monday in the form of
a deposition by the? Coroner, read by
the official stenographer.
Mrs.. J. W. McClung, the* widow of
the man whose life was so ruthlessly
takeh by Alexander Garnett, arrived at
the Coroner's office, attended by. a male
relative. She was garbed in complete
mourning and she was allowed to wait
in Coroner Leland's private office until
• The official stenographer of Coroner
Leland then read the deposition of Mrs:
Colt to the jury, the same having been
published at length in The Call yester
day. The jury listened to the evidence
of the solitary .eye-witness of the kill
ing of Major McClung by Alexander
Garnett, and the accused man paid
careful attention to the recital of the*
tragic % events . that have placed him
within' the meshes of the law.
.Following the reading of Mrs. 'Colt's
deposition testimony was given by Mrs.
Dr. \Vhitney, a friend of Mrs. Colt, who
resides' at the Palace Hotel. Mrs. "Whit
ney being sworn testified as follows:".
. "It was last Wednesday, about 5
p. m!, that 1 was In my rooms at the Pal
ace Hotel when I heard a loud knock
ing at my door. I opened the door -and
caw Alexander Garnett there. He was
greatly excited. He asked for my hus
band, Dr. Whitney, and requested me
to go to Mrs. Colt's rooms, as Major
McClung had^been shot there. My hus
band was not In, and I went with Gar
nett. to Mrs-. Colt's rooms. I found Mrs.
Colt there, and Major McClung was
lying on the lounge. There' was blood
on. his shirt front. Mrs. Colt said that
no'doctor had arrived. I saw that Ma
jor McClung required immediate atten
tion) Vantf I went to the rooms of Dr.
Shiels. My rooms are close to those of
Mrs. . Colt.' I cannot recall if. Garnett
said anything to me. while I went with
him "from my rooms to those of Mrs,.
Colt. . , •• - . . :'.'
DID NOT EXPLAIN SHOOTING.
''When I went into. Mrs. Colt's rooms
Garnett asked for his overcoat, and
Mrs. "Colt said that, it should be given
to 'him. The maid, Nora, was in the
room also when I arrived there. I can
not remember where the overcoat was
in the. room. I think Mrs. .Colt handed
the coat to Garnett, but I am not sure.
When ; I came back . with Dr. Shiels I
did not go into the room- with him.' I
waited in the hallway. while he went In
to* examine Major McClung.
¦H "I did not hear Major McClung
anything as to how he had been shot.
All I heard him say was, 'Get a doctor.'
Mrs. Colt did not say anything to me
The deposition will now be read to you,
• JURY - HEABS ' DEPOSITION.
MAJOU McCLUNG'S SLAYER -AND WITNESSES AT THE INQUEST.
BERLIN, De<vl.— The . alarm, over
Emperor William's critical condition
was' intensified to-day by a semi-official
announcement* that on account of. the
condition of his throat he wiil not be
present at the opening of the Reichstag
on Thursday. The announcement was
made in the Neue Politische Cprre
spondehz, which journal frequently has
been a source of. ministerial, announce
ments. That journal states that Chan
cellor von Bulow will act in the J2m
peror's stead. . '. ',-'':".
-The statement that fhe Emptror will
not- even be present on that occasion,
which he has never before missed since
he ascended the throne, even though
the condition of .his throat might not
permit him' to read his address, Is re
garded as significant of a graver con-'
dition of -health than any one having
official knowledge of his case has ever
admitted. .
• In official circles it is suggested that
the Emperor may merely desire to
avoid the painful impression which
the public would gain from Seeing
him a semt-invalld instead of the
martial and strenuous figure to which
they are accustomed. Tiae general
irrvpression, however,- is that Emperor
William is actually so weak and ill
that it is a physical impossibility for
him to leave the confinement of the
palace at Pottsdam, where no bulle
tins have been issued for several days.
This impression Is heightened by
the fact that when, on Sunday, the
Emperor received Baron von Stern
burg, the German Embassador to the
United States, he* wa» unable to de
liver to him a verbal message. His
condition was such that -be was un
abfe to carry on any conversation
with the Embassador.
Special Dispatch -to The C41L
Alarm Is Added To
};by Anhounoe- ;|;
. • *. ILLUllli • . .
KAISER TOO
ILL TO OPEN
REICHSTAG
The Emperor of Korea is much agi
tated over the situation in his country
and Is denying himself to all foreigners,
evidently fearing that thef Russian and
Japanese representatives In Seoul will
ask for an audience and present fresh
demands. This attitude of the Emperox
was illustrated when the aOmiral of the
French squadron, which put in at Cho
mulpo, proceeded to Seoul, where th»
French Minister asked for an audience
for the naval representative. The Em
peror declined to gTant this request.
Information has been received here
to the Effect that Japan is construct
ing at Seoul barracks for 10OO men.
though she now maintains only 500 in
the Korean capital. This is accepted
as an jndication that Japan contem
plate* the strengthening of her garri
son in Seoul.
. C6uht Lam.sdbrff fully .appreciated
the delicacy -of-, the .French representa
tipn, but explained that the policy *of
the Russian Government -tended .to a
peaceful. . solution; Tri . the. meantime
Great Britain had .been ntaking ener
getic representations to the Tokio Gov
ernment. "Diplomats therefore 'give
much credit o to the, respective allies of
th'e two disputants for the moderation
which ha3, . prevailed in the 'Russian
and Japanese> councils. ,' .
TO INCREASE SEOTTL GABRISOW.
..Before' ' the ;, recent.- -visit of Count
Lamedo'rff ¦ the Russian' Foreign Min,la
ter,-;to i»arfs/. on, which- occa'sion h» sfc
companled the 'Czar.. France and Great
Britain, as.'a'.result-'Qf/the.-entente ex
isting between therm, had agreed to use
".their Influence with. 'Russia, and Japan,
respectively; /for -.the purpose of Secur
ing- an' amicable agreement "on the
question inr-dlaputer-Wheri Count ILams
dorff arrived .Delcasse,- the French For
.eigni.Mirjister.'- -took, occasion to 'point
out. the interest. whlcji. France had in
a "peaceful solution' of tha difficulty.- At
the' same time' Dieleasse • told * Count
Lamsdqrff that '.It-, was clearly'under
stood that, no' mat.ter what the result,
there would be • -no- ' change, generally
speaking, ia the attilude 'of France to
ward Russia! ••'. -.- •* • * :•
TBAUCE- WOBKS FOB'PEAC^. ¦
- it is; believed— though this cannot be
.stated positively— that .Japan and Rus
sia will- reiterate, their, support of the
principles' of the "open door" and the In
tegrity of China "a-nd- of Korea, * •
••In diplomatic and official circles here
much' gratification Is expressed at tha
•satisfactory 'fltage uj.cn which the ne
gotiations between Russia and Japan
have now ehtered. • • •; J !?
'. . :Dcc.' ••.l.^Jaban-..and: /Russia
are ori : the' .verge of- a; settlement- of the
Far- -Eastern controversy,.- which 'prom
ises to dJssipa.t'^-.the-.waf cl^ud" that has
"been IjangirigoSer, bo.th countries. .This
settlement .will be .'th> : /result', of the.ne
gotiations.- which '.have ;beVn Impending
for' some .time aridvyKich-vere assisted
by' -.the- friendly' Representations" of
France '.to flassia; arid".. qf Great. Britarti
to" Japan.' -Tl^e. tv.^> Rations have •prac
tically' agreed- upon- <he . ;b£tsis : - of a
treatyy. the'signirig'--. o£ which can" be
prevented-only by Some unexpected de
velop.mentl.' The,'basls;of ¦ ihjs •forthcom
ing' agreement, f oll.ows :'•.. I ....".
• .Rtiss'ia will accept. --the" two agree-
TO.ents -entered* into!', by. "Japan an3
Korea., dated .1836. and 1808. respective
ly, under : . .which; Japan -secured various
• rights .in .Kqrea.'. in.'c?uding the • main
.tenahc"e,.of:a"garrison" at Seoul. In ex
change £of. this 'concession ?T.* l P an W 'H
accept, Russia's, irea-ty with. China re
spect ing. Manchuria-. .. ... • I.'-'/
Wiilin iTurri ' Be-Unihbleste'd
'; •'.; •.;;|ii : His;0perati(>n:s .in::';- ;
¦ V:: v ; ¦ : ;': : "^-K6rea/.= : i-:~ •-¦.''
Mikada : fitves :; CzSr ..a
U Eree Haiid : i?i ttte '•":;
Japan and Russia
on Verge of an
.^ Agreement ; .
Crowd Assembles
to Listen to Tex*
r/i'-" . ; LLtl L\JI Ljf-9 : 1 '¦' •-."¦¦-;-.
FAR EASTERN
CRISIS NEARS
SETTLEMENT
(CTT]E> the jury, And that the said I. W . McClung/age.^6 years, nativity Alabama; occxip'a-.
IAS tion retired broker, residence 857 Post street fin' the city and county of. San Francisco;,
came to his death in the W aid eck Sanatorium, in said city and, county, on the 26th day of. Novem- %
ber, ic)O3, from shock and internal hemorrhage' from' gunshot wound of the upper abdomen.-
And that said shot was fired from a pistol in the h<mds\of Alexander Garnett with murderous,
intent" — Verdict of the Coroner's Jury. ' . : - . ?':.;- •• ; - V. \ '¦
CORONER'S JURY DECLARES THAT GAR NETT IS GUILTY
OF THE WILLFUL MURDER MAJOR J. W. M' CLUNG
Evidence Given Is
Damaging to
Accused.
DOWIE'S ZION
IN HANDS OF
RECEIVERS
Court Takes Charge
of the Elljali's
; : / Property. .
followers Ignore His
H ; Pleas for More
i" I \ i VMoney. •-':••
Lack of Ready Funds Brings
•Disaster to Leader of
:: V- Restoration Host.
INSPECTORS
PROBE FOR
LOST COIN
Scandal Reported
in Portland's
. PostoflB.ce.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec. 1.-4A scandal
has developed in the Portland post
office. Though Postmaster F. A. Ban
croft, has been in office barely nine
months an alleged irregularity, has
come to, light.
Three postal inspectors arp engaged
In an Investigation. They discovered at
the outset that between $800: and $1000
had bet-n withdrawn from ! the cash
drawer, and in its place was jnerely an
"'I O U." The shortage was made
good.- but not in time to prevent the
investigation."
According to the gossip afloat about
the postomce the scandal may result In
the removal or resignation of high of
ficials. Under instructions from G. D.
Linn, who Is the inspector in'chargeof
this district, the investigation now in
progress was commenced on Monday of
•last week by the two local inspectors,
O. C. Riches and A. R. Butler.; They had
not proceeded far when the> discovered
the "I O U" which had been placed
in the cash drawer in lieu of money.
This was reported to Chief; Inspector
Linn, and It was deemed of such im-.
portance that Inspector C. L. "Wayland
of Seattle was sent to "Portland to aid
in the investigation.
RAH/WAY IS UNABLE
I TO 'RETIRE ITS BONDS
Failure 'of the Plan Proposed by the
Mexican Central Company Is
Announced..
NEW -YORK. Dec. l.-r-Inability of
the Mexican Central Railway to carry
to success its plan to retire Its income
bonds, amounting to approximately
$32,000,000. has been announced. The
failure of the plan, which was Intend
ed as the first step in the'reorganiza
tion of the ; company's finances, was
due to the. opposition of two bond
holders' protective companies, each
acting independently of the other.
Henry Clay Pierce, chairman of the
Mexican Central board of directors. In
announcing the withdrawal of • the
plan, states that each bondholder will
be_ thereby enabled to act independ
ently in his dealings wrth the two
committees.
; v ;.'GHICAjGO. Dec. L— Financial diffl
iciil ties which began during the crusade
of Jdhn Alexander Dowie, the self
etyled. "Elijah IL" and his restoration
host- to New. York a month ago, and
which have been rapidly increasing
«£:iae Dowle's return, culminated to
night .In the -Federal court taking pos
session -of ' -all. the property controlled
by Dowie: in- Zion City,' 111: This town,
which was- founded two years ago by
Do\% ie,* has a population- of "more than
10.000, is the general headquarters for
Efowje's cburch.and is said -to represent
R.n expenditure of $20,'00(},Q00. •. ••
-• Fredi.-M.-B-lptint. cashier of the Chi
cago : Na;ti°Qnai; Biiiik, and' ; Albert D.
¦.t'urrier.; a ¦ la w-pa.rtn.er of: Congressman
Boutel!- . viere. appointed " receivers of
t!ie property." . Their bonds were fixed
iit. 510C;G'.»0 by Judge K.ohlsaat ; of the
i.'hited .States District Court, who made
the appointment on; the. petition of sev
eral "crfdito.r3.' ••""."'"'. .' • ". •
The- bankruptcy proceedings against
Dowie vteYe" ..based on the allegation
that he Is insolvent, and that while in
this financial". condition he committed
en act of. bankruptcy by making a
preferential rayment on November 4
to "the E. Streeter Lumber Company
of S2770. Dowie has been hard pressed
}?>' his creditors, and especially since it
;-vas- announced that his recent mission
.t/i-Nvri- York had proved unsuccessful
'financially..-
ZION : INDUSTRIES A FAILURE.
.¦.•¦Dowie* Is, known to have accumulated
a.Iar^e sum as the. head of the -Chris
tian..-Catholic Church." the assets.- of
.th.e organization :heing estimated at
be.'twY»n. 520.000,000 and $30,000,000. There
was' a ljifse. outlay of money, however
r:hen Zion Ciiy was started/ The lace
and .candy -industries were started,
and as- neither/of these ventures has
been .- a; -.. paying-: investment a • • great
d*almofe. radhey .was tied up. Dowie's
.differences, with' his brother-in-law. Ste
venson, over .the management of the
lace -factory .cost more than 5100 000
and other.suits' recently begun in Lake
County' Ijy. creditors are said to ag-frr-e-
Cat£a!arge turn. ' '••' •
Attorney:E-tte!s, representing the re
titionjng creditors, in his argument be
fore Judsre Kohlsaat said:
The. creditors whom I represent
have/reason to believe that Dr. Dowie
U insolvent. Judgments have been ac
cumulating asrainst him for several
weeks past and there was every indi
cation that the overseer of the Zion
congregation could not pay his debts
In such a crisis the creditors sought
protection for their Interests- "in the
.•bankruptcy- court.' It Is impossible to
,*stlmat*- the- liabilities or assets of
¦Dowie.. Zion's. affairs are complicated
aid., it wilj take several weeks 1 be
lieve,, before any idea of his finances
can .be had."
CQTTRT NAMES RECEIVERS.
-V Judge. Kohlsaat at first refused to ap
.polnt .a Teceiver for the property on
the'.ground that Dowie should have no
tlcefcf- so Important a proceeding. Af
ter, listehlnr to a further account of
Dowie's •...affairs from Ettels, Judge
Kohlsaat .decided It would-be well to
"have the receivers appointed before the
property, at ZJon City could be dissi
pated. He- "therefore entered the order
appointing Blount- and Currier.
Last Wednesday Dowle'ls first confes
sion, ojt weakness was made at a rally
In the tabernacle at Zion City.
"A lot at you. people have cash in
yourr pockets." Dowie said to his fol
lowers. • "Die down" and get' it out.' It
is God's'and we need it In his work.
Yob arc ro wards if you-'den't give It. up.
Deposit ft."! . ..." •-
* Dowie ta'ked In* the same strain for:
nfore than an*ho*jr, tears glistening on
his cheeks, as h'e* told of the financial
status ' in which the Zion industries
found .themselves:
Instead of frightening many Into de
positing, the appeal sent; a long-line of"
People to the bank on Friday, when'
they lined up atthe- paying teller's win
dow, drawing out their money.
RENEWS APPEAL FOB -MONEY.
Less than- S30.000 was deposited In the
bank on Friday, while the amount
withdrawn was twice as much. Late
in th"e afternoon A. W. Graham of
Waukegan tried to withdraw $300 and
was toM hA would have to give thirty
days' notice before he could get his
mpney. Yesterday another appeal was
made by Dowie for funds, but the de
positors who appeared were # few. and
the deposits were chiefly In trivial
cmounts.
.To-day Dqwle asked the members of
Zion more urgently than ever . for
money. He' declared" that he must have
Continued on Page 2, Column 2.
Reaches Her Destination in Safety.
HOUSTON, Tex., Dec. 1.— John W\
Gates' private yacht, Roxana, which
left New Orleans on November 21 Cor
Port" Arthur, Tex., and was reported
as long overdue, reached her destina
tion Jn safety last night. The yacht
was riot touilt for. rough seas and was
frequently forced to seek refuge in
small harbors along the coast. The
Journey was otherwise without Incident.
TBS. VlUiATSXa. ™ '
Alcazar — "A "Poor; Relation."
California— "At* the Old Crow
Boadg."
' Central — "Tha Counter* titan.'* 1 *
Columbia — "Way. Down East."
T\*ch er'»— "X. O. TJ."
Grand — "Over Hlagrara Palls." • '
Orphemn — Vaudeville. • '
The Chutei — Vaudeville.
SAN FRANCISCO; WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1903.
The San Francisco CallBERLIN, Dec. L— Emperor William
has .sent* to ¦President'- Roosevelt an au
tograph message by Baron von Stern
burg, the German Embassador to the
United States, who sailed" for New. Tork
to-day. from Bremen on the North Ger
man Lloyd steamer Kaiser Wllhelm II.
•The Emperor, while receiving- Baron
Sternburg In audience Sunday, re
marked that he wished he could say a
number of things to the President. He
took an ordinary .pad of paper and
filled the right-hand half, }n "German
chancellory fashion, with a message
ending with his signature! "Wilhelm,"
In large letters.
Kaiser Writes to President.
. LONDON, Dec. 2. — George
Chief Secretary "for Ireland, speaking at
Woklng last night, said that the Gov
ernment had still a great deal of work
to do and that it was not true that a
general election was impending. . This
official statement that the Government
Is not meditating a dissolution of Par
liament will Increase the curiosity as to
the reason for the holding of frequent
Cabinet councils. Premier Balfour,
Austen Chamberlain, the Chancellor of
the ' Exchequer, and Lord Landsdowne,
Secretary for. Foreign Affairs,, had a
conference at the Foreign Office' to
day, and another Cabinet meeting will
be held on: Friday.
It "is the general belief that the situa
tion in the Far East is causing anxiety,
owing to ; the unexpectedly protracted
negotiations between Russia and Japan.
\ The Daily Mail this morning says it
thinks it is most likely the Cabinet has
To Cure a Cold in One Day. •
Take Laxative Bromo , Quinine • - Tablets. . All
druggists refund the money if . it fails to core.
E. W. Grove' a signature la on each . Uu, 25c. •
British Statesmen Consider the Sit
uation in the Orient.
MANY CABINET COUNCXLS.
Ifo charge for lettering your name in
gold on pocketbooks, Card cases, cameras,
traveling sets, trunks," valises, dress
suit cases or any other fine leather goods
purchased at our store: Sanborn, Vail
& Co. BSWORHmM *
Japanese "Gold Coming Here.
NEW'YOHK, Dec 1.— Lazard Freres
are informed that* the London, Paris
and American Bank, limited, of San
Francisco Was engaged 1.000,000 yen
(about $500,000) Japanese gold for ship
ment from Japan to San Francisco.
One million dollars was to-day trans
ferred to San Francisco through the
sub-treasury. -
a measure of precaution against pos
sible future attack by Russia. Conse
quently China might hope ultimately
to attain a position where it would be
able to takb the leadership of the'yel
low races into its own hands.
Chinese officials are almost unani
mously of the "opfnion that If Russia
should > procrastinate much beyond De
cember 6, when the Japanese . Diet as
sembles, while at the same time piling
up armaments in Manchuria,', nothing
can restrain the Mikado's people. It
also Is believed that If hostilities once
begin Japan will strain every nerve to
bring the whole fabric of Russian East
Asian achievements to the ground and
to establish permanent barriers against
their reconstruction. It is believed that
Europe Twill do all It can to prevent a
conflict, but will stand aside if Its ef
forts should fail.
The Russian legation has been in
formed that the Russian Viceroy of the
Par past; Admiral Alexie'ff, will start
from Port Arthur for §t. Petersburg to
morrow to consult with the authorities
there regarding the negotiations be r
tween Japan and Russia. The legation
expects that the negotiations will con
tinue for some months to come.
.-¦¦SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Dec 1.— The
Chilean Government has not decided
as to 'the. sale of tHe battleship Liber
tad, which Is now undergoing speed
trials. on the Clyde, and of the battle
ship 'Constitution, which is now in
course of construction there. It is un
derstood that offers for these ships
have been received from the Govern
ments of Japan, Russia and Turkey.
The highest bid made for both vessels
has been $9,000,000, though it is not .an
nounced by whom.-thls bid was made.
Is said, Russia : is trying to purchase,
¦with the battleship Constitution, built
for the same country, left the .Clyde
on a forty-eight hours' continuous
steaming trial and also to test her
guns. Admiral Simpson of the Chilean
navy was on board. He declined to
discuss the negotiations with Russia,
but It is understood that the latter will
decide the question of the purchase of
the Libertad after the present trials
of that vessel. .v'-r
TIENTSIN. Dec 1.— High Chinese of
ficials here attach great Importance to
the. British expedition to Thibet, and
even. express the opinion that the ulti
mate outcome will be the handing over
of the. whole of Thibet to Great Britain.
Britain Hay Acquire Thibet.
received an. Intimation that Japan is
aware of Russia's fixed determination
not to concede her demands," "in which
case a struggle • between Jajpan and
Russia is within measurable distance."
According to the Dally Mall's Tokio
correspondent, ! Marqufs - Saionyi, ad
dressing members of the Sei Tukal
party yesterday, said the coming ses
sion of the Diet/involving the consid
eration of the problem of .Russo-Jap
anese relations, would be one of the
most momentous ever held and that a
single false step might precipitate a
national calamity. The Marquis depre
cated any vexatious Interference with
the Government. ¦ , •
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
:WA£Iir^CJtOM, Dee: follow*.
Ing Calif ornlans • registered 'at .the. hotels
to.-;day •• •..'-. At : \ %tif. : Xfw-- -Willard— H.' 'A.
well . : and tsife ajid. Mis? Eva, Powell
of .Oakland;.. Mrs; Charles' R. Lloyd and
Miss Ethel ">"M; Lloyd ofr.Berkeley. . • •;
tal'iloriiians in Washington.
FAR EASTERN CRISIS NEARS A SETTLEMENT.
' .'For. av^uarter 'of a> Century,
'tfie; store. I'n^HsLrvar.d' SqUare. ait the cor r
.nef.-& : .Heiv6}L& has 'been used, as: a
¦coffee ijouse; and was a.-f refluent resort
of'" uridergraiuatesjin:. their '-search for
.midnight •¦.lunohes.v '.'. On -orders "'.from
"President, tie le&se'lforr the store,
¦\vhich is'..' College proijerty/.Tcill- 'not -be
r'enTewed,.Mt;. having just; expired-. . . . -•
" GAMBtllDQE, MiEs^'.D^ci.^-One'.of.
HaM-^d.''s : ;;'olde«t;:fub : d--'Eaosx fampus in-
ehtution^f.ls to.. be" closed' by-:«prder' bt.
Prfefeidfejat : ;Elib't£ fwno {hopes in 'this way
•to sources" of.
<JyEp'ej)£ia/; and :|n'dige"$tibn •'amcjrg. " the
"Etuden'tsir .'"••*. •;•¦• " •*:.
President;; Eliot '¦' Hp^es: Wo;; "Eliminate
f,.\";.Qjier'.pf^ih'e Spiarcisof Dyspepsia '.' '.
' : '?\vC: '"" V";.;-- • ' •• ; - "
HlAByAB^'S-rA^O^S CPJFFEE .v.
r -'T6:.. BE-JCLOSED
PRAGUE, Bohemian/- Dec. 1.— The
imperial scientific station;, investigating 1
the different' kinds of. beer, of the. world,
has awarded the highest" honor for.su
periority to an Aftiertcan product. •' ;
•American Beer World's Best.
Postmasters commissioned: Oregon
Amy L. Roots, Borlngr. California— Ed
mond B. Walters. Whltlock. ' .Fourth
class postmasters appointed: * California
—Silas P. Cutler, Blacks" Station, Yolo
County, vice Mason* C. Gortoji. resigned.
Oregon— W. Gribble, Mount Hood.
"Wasco County, vice William H-. Edick.
resigned.
"Washington — Clarence A* Holmes.
Seattle, making dental dies; Richard
Murr, Seattle, means for fastening jar
caps; Benjamin F. Smith, Seattle, ma
chine for painting shingles; Morris C.
"Wright, Sultan, gold separator.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec 1.— The
following patents were issued to-flay
California-Isaac' B. Abraham, San Fran
cisco, disappearing fence? WIN
Ham H.-Adante Jr., assignor' one-third to
.O. H. Hubbard. Los 'Ahseles, apparatus
for treating ores; Ir.a N. Burke, Butcher
Ranch, assignor" one-half to E". Cr Kav-'
attaugh, Forest Hill/non-refillable bottle;
Axel F. Enquest, San Francisco, spring
hinge; -John W. Gr^y, assignor to H.
E. Pyburn, San* Francisco, electric cigar
lighter;- Charles .C. Harris. Ukiah, lathe
chuck; John Lee, Sa,n Francfsco. cutting
can ends; Leon P. 'Lowe, San Fjanci.«co,
apparatus for separating and collecting
condensable carbonaceous substances;
Dennis W. McLaughlln. San Francisco.
traction wheel; same, steering wheel
for traction engines; Everett A. lies
serly, Santa Barbara, assignor to Troy
Laundry Machinery Company, limited.
Troy. X. Y., drying frame; Frederick
B. P^ttengill, assignor to Oil Blast Fur
nace Smelting Company, Los 'Angetes,
burner; Eugene C. Price, Eureka, bevel
siding 1 head; Benjamin H. Pursell. Napa
Junction, farm gate; Louis A. Schulze.
San Francisco,- moldera' tool: same,
molders' slick; Henry Schumacher, San
Francisco, geographical clock; Milton
H. Shoenberg. San Francisco, electrical
water heater: Henry ,J. Small, San
Francisco, locomotive fender; Gustaf T.
Swenson, San Pedro, wirefes3 telegraph
recelve'r; Harrison* .Marnell, Pasadena,
ore crushing machine.
•Oregon— David C. . McFarland, Leba
non, stove support; John Sharp. Port
land, wire holder; - Albert L. Swartz.
Junction City, -multiplying attachment
for cameras.
Several' Changes Are Made in the
Postal Service and More Patents
' -Granted..
OF INTEREST TQ PEOPLE '
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
. NEW TORK, Deo. 1.— Three lives.
were lost and one man was badly hurt
to-day hy a' collision between the tugs
Idlewild -and Hercules off Ellis . Island.
Hans Peterson, William. Laskejr and a
man whose, name has not been 'learned,
were drowned. John Storberg.'.a boat
man, was cut. on the head and- ibis left
leg broken. The Hercules Is by
the American Towbbat Company . of
Baltimore. " ."'-!. *-*."• ' ..-; :
Three Lives Lost in a Collision.
DENVER, Dec 1.— The State can
vassing board to-day • concluded the
work of canvassing the vote" for Su
preme^ Judge cast at the election last
month. The vote .of the State was as
follows: John Campbell (R.)/ 45,689;
Adair Wilson (D.), 38.103: Frank W.
Owers (P.), 9595; Channing Sweet
2790; LA. Knight (Social Labor), 865.
Total vote. 97,046. Campbell's plurality
over Wilson, 7586.
The- board decided not to hear testi
mony on the charges of election frauds
in Denver, made by the Republicans, on
the, ground that if 'the precincts com
plained of were thrown but. the effect
would only be to increase the majority
of the successful candidates. .
Decides Not to -Hear Testimony on
Charges of Election Frauds
in Deijver. •
COLORADO CAITVASSLWG" -• V*^
-BQABI) .COMPLETES WOBK
•l.V"^inaliy : ah •e.x^eptionally /.important
£iffi;&a$tiqi$efe-'^tjx[i}fa\ there is no
'^i^VfU^trf&A&tfafl^- kibral, existing
;a"i?alB^ ihe.-foTftier and^^1 the
'pKesurnptigitis! ! vcf , c^i't". -against • , Major
•Es't'efhaiy. ; : T\\ere// foufti on • the- other
¦••;"Dreyfiis/;is ;not. expected ..to be called
H&eiofe commission to-iftorrnw. • He
.¦h^._'b'^h--'^rtii.'gr-itfii1etJry.-a*-'-his' home on
¦the Boiilov&pd; iiaiesberbes, hut He-con
.BuLts-'.his; ¦ ;£rJead^ •¦'¦sard; lawyers ..before'
¦taiinir-any 'istejp?. It ;"is :: Wld\that he de
rfi^'.j^-^'eafa^.tt^^'ttbft'^iJe of his
•bocik. • ' .w-hfeb;. . Sas .: netted "him", several
;bup;drecl'xhousand' francs. At the same
itime it : Is; TtaQwn,. that -prominent Jews
.are "greatly ; : Intere?fed : itt his.-case, be*
3ffi^^'b^i^^r^a^;';Vteilc4a6a will
.be ' e.auly^c'a'l . io\{ih£lr \- vindication : and
jjjey ¦_¦. Mir. leave'; no - jrtone". unturned to
Bw^re^^s'fjiTl'r^stOTa'tibn to the posi - :
tion;;frora' tv*leb.:hei.Wag ; expeJled/i' "" .'
'.•M.-'Durglnd, president .of the commis
jEion.'admitted .to-day that. he' had re
'ceived .ail ;tne ; papers in -the case, the
report cif ." General . Andre •. to M. ¦ Valle
i'fiach'inij-. hi.mN. Saturday ;eveuing. He
iiad-e<J;':-.v .-¦•";::.:¦¦¦¦ : : ;'- : -.- «' '"
•y".T.h(>uBlj thescbmTriis.sion will assem
•bie -to^m/dmr^ -it^wlU not: consider the
Dre.i*fua jjtetitibn; : it has eight cases to
consider, bjefore: taking up; the - Dreyfus
¦^t-Jtionv; ; -:;Cphs!eQ / uc : nt!y th'ere will be
scene. 1 delay. in' the submission ©fits re
po'^t. lo;'M; •{¦yulif/V : ;, v ¦:'¦. '¦¦ '•
¦ . -AVfeenif-mifiJstetial publltatron, gives
.£t; fitatien^ent^ho.wlng:- the reasons which
Induced ¦ General:: A.ndre "to favor are-
V'islon;.-ftS. : ;the -.result., of -his., investiga
tttwvf'ivit ! that- .several. • wit
•pes£<?8 .jitestj-fted^ i alsejy!; before : the: -court
X.hlcfrMtleaV- .-lifeyf rxs. . . .The statement
ends' las', follows:.- •:;;;' .". ~i •'?*V
] PARIS, ' Dec ; 1.— France i a looking
forward with the gravest interest to
the meeting to-morrow of th» commis
sion which will" advice Minister "of Jus
tice* Valle on-the tjuestion whether he
.Ehall or shall -not grant Dreyfus' ap
peal, for the revfsion.of sentence of. the
cpoi't-martial at IJehnes. though a re-"
vjskm is foreshadowed by the consid
eration given- to Dxeyfus' petition. Yet
Ihe reappearance of the affair bids fair
drousje." 'much feeling." "-One of the
.leaders" of :the movement in Dreyfus^
l£vor"<heh'and 'nqw is Senator Clemen- 0
regtu,"~.uh6, urges that the cas^ should
: nit .properly be presented to a .civil
«omm"issfon.; .He .'-claims that soldiers
Vfhould" right the wrongs of soldiers. ¦ .
¦\. Th'e:<Joy^rnmejit believes. the comm.is
>'i6n" will adyiseia; revision and. is pre
p'ared'tp.'submit-.the case to the court
6f r ta'Es4tioh; . which can .recommend it
.td -the." .council of .war. which, it is be-
Ihe-ved, Will -itself render a. decision. The
latter course; M." Clemenceau and others
•regard !as contrary- to the .law. .' . . .
I " Manuel C Ross, Assistant Postmas
t ter at Puunerie, M^aulV Is. in Oahu; prison
I on, a charge of embezzling between JSOO
j -and $900 of postal . moneys. "Ross-was
{¦indicted by /the Federal Grand jury last
week and "United States- Marshal He.it
dry arrested. " him it . Wailukji and
brought him to HonoluluC Rosa*'pecu
lations have been" coing^n for- 'some
time. The : -discovery of- the shortage"
. was made by Postofflce Inspector
Bricker In October and the indictment
followed .at the present term of.. court.
Ross, is said to ; have"' confessed ¦ his;
.guilt. '.'';.'• • .;;_;•
• H. P. .Baldwin Is the Postmaster .a(
•P^uunene; and Ross • practically had.
charge of the .post.o.ffice,;, receiving /a.
very Rood salary, as* assistant.: . . There
f a-re 1 twp ;counts to" the indlc;tme;nt;.6rie.
charging him with- the theft .of' about
$600 from the money 'order deupartment,
$600'fro.m the money order department;'
from postage stamp sales. The thieve"
Ing is said to have, been going pn since.
last February and to have conthvu«d up
to the last of October. Ross . feleaded .
.guilty yesterday. '\ ;: :/ -;/-;?
The Grand Jury 'recommends., that.
prosecutions be' made in the*. Terrftb- 
rial courts, as- it- believes* the- Federal
courts are without Jurisdiction..." . ¦ "
Anoth'er indictment found : is against
James. Hakaote, cashier of the Internal
Revenue Office,, who is charged witn the
embezzlement of $100. " . ' '
Many s clerk3 are mentioned by*naine..
Representative. Jonah Kumarae Is criti
cized, and S. Meheula, clerk of the
House of Representatives, is.- Indicted
for the destruction of public document*.:
Seven youchera in his favor are miss-'
ing. V : -. . .,". . ;
HONOLULU. Dec. L-^The Federal
Grand Jury which was charged by the
late Judge Estee reported to-day to hla
successor. Judge. Dole. The. report ac
cuses the late Legislature of systematic
and monumental /'grafting" and. reck
lessness in the granting of warrants' for
work never done and - for excessive
overcharges, $30,0&> having- thus . Deen
spent altogether. The House vouchers,
says the. reporti present an .astonishing
spectacle. " -*•.¦" ¦ . " .
Inspector Brooks declared .that
neither the appearance oi Deming nor
the fact that he carried a hand satchel
would have excited his -suspicion in the
least. ¦-¦:¦?.<..' '¦ . . • .
Deming was to-day .released on a
bond of $500, and put him in the cus
tody of friends, who said they were
anxious to care for him. ESsSS
Police Inspector Brooks, at the trial,
which was held before a deputy police
commissioner, said ' that 'after the
President ha* been handed the letter
by Deming and had left the church
and was about to enter the carriage,
Mr. Roosevelt had turned to Police
Commissioner Green and asked: "How
Is if possible for any one to hand, me
an envelope?". So saying, the witness
said, the President handed the envelope
to Commissioner Greene, who in turn
addressed the witnesses at the same
time, handing the letter to X.oeb. In
spector Brooks said that Mrs. Rbose-.
velt pointed out. Deming as the man
who handed the envelope to-the 1 Presi
dent, ' and Deming was thereupon ar
rested. - • • . • . . :
NEW YORK, Dec. 1.— Captain John
W. Cottrell, three detective sergeants
and two patrolmen of the city police
force were placed on trial to-day,
charged with the failure of duty in
not preventing Arthur B. Deming, be
lieved to be demented, obtaining ac
cess to President Roosevelt when the
latter. was here last week to attend the
Grade funeral. Captain Cottrell was
In charge of the- police " arrangements
at the church, while the jothers were
specially assigned to* see _ that no un
authorized person entered the church
during the services. .
Senator Clemenceau Urges
:• ' That' Case- Be Referred
.;;•- . %6 -Military Court.
Policemen Put on Trial for
Not More Bafely Guard
ing President.
Besponsibility for Systema
tiz3d -Scherne of "Grafting"
. Charged to Legislature. .
WANTED HIS WIFE NEAR.
"I at once went out to telephone for
an ambulance and to notify the man
agement of the hotel of the "shooting
¦• District Attorney Byington : "Was
anything said while you were in the
rooms of' Mrs. 'Coit as to notifying, the
police of the shooting?"
The witness: "No, we were busy
in attending to the wourtded man.'' "
Dr. . George F. Shiels was then
sworn and he testified that he was
called by Mrs. Whitney to go to Mrs.
Coil's rooms last Wednesday evening,
as Major • McClung had • been shot
while visiting Mrs- Coit's apartments.
"Mrs. Whitney came to me," testified
Dr. Shiels,' "and asked me to'go' quickly
with her to Mrs. Coit's rooms. My
room" Is on the -same floor and I went
at once with Mrs. Whitney. Mrs. Colt
met. us in. the hallway leading- to her
apartments^ We went into the sitting
room and I found Dr. Martin there and
Major McClung, who was lying on the
lounge. I examined McClung and 'saw
at once that he was fatally wounded.
McClung was an old friend and he
asked me to take care of him.
The witness then told of- the arriv
al in Mrs. Coit's rooms of Mrs. Mc-
Clung, who had* been telephoned for
by Dr. Shiels, and the removal of the
wounded man to the ambulance that
had been summoned. ;>-"/'¦
"Dr. Shiels said to McClung," con
tinued Dr. Martin: " 'Did .Garnett try
to shoot you?' McClung replied, 'Oh,
no.' Dr. Shiels then asked the wound
ed man if Garnett had intended to kill
Mrs. Coit and McClung replied 'Yes.' "
Dr. Martin then testified that Dr.
Shiela had informed McClung that he
was. fatally wounded and that he
would "die and of McClungr's version of
the shooting as given above.
:• DYING MAN SPEAKS.
Dr. Martin then testified to seeing
a large caliber revolver lying on the
table in the room and of Mrs. Coit
leaving him alone with McClung. This
was at the time that Mrs. Coit went
out to seek another physician.
"When Dr. Shiels came in," con
tinued Dr. Martin In his evidence, "he
introduced .himself to me and I did
the same to him. After Dr. Shiels
had examined McClung he left ' the
room to telephone for an ambulance
in order to remove the. patient to the
hospital. While Dr. Shiels was. away
the pulse of the wounded man fell
rapidly and he. commenced to sink. I
could not leave the wounded man and
w'hen Dr. Shiels returned I told him
of the condition of McClung. We got
a mattress and made McClung as
comfortable as possible."
"The wounded man asked me to
help him and after making a cursory
examination of his wound I saw that
another physician was needed and I
so informed McClung. and Mrs. Colt."
"I told the girl." -said Dr. Martin,
"Jhat I did not attend surgical cases,
but that I would go to the rooms and
see the man. I went to Mrs. Coit's
rooms and met her at the door. She
took me into the room and I saw a
man lying on the lounge. Mrs. Colt
said 'That is the man; it was^purely
accidental, it was purely accidental.'
I did not know the identity at that
time of Mrs. Coit or Major McClung.
' SAW 'LARGE REVOLVER.
A juror: "Did you know that Garnett
had shot McClung when the former
called at your rooms and you accompa
nied him back to Mrs. Coit's rooms?"
Mrs. Whitney: "It was my impres
sion that Garnett had shot McClung: I
do not remember if Garnett said 'I have
shot Major McClung 1 or 'Major Mc-
Clung is shot.' My impression was that
Garnett shot him from his excited con
dition when he called at my rooms."
Dr. George H. Martin was the next
witness. .He testified that he resided
at the Palace Hotel and that he was
called to go to Mrs. Coit's rooms last
Wednesday afternoon by a maid of the
hotel, to see a man. who had been
shot.
as to how : the shooting had taken
place."
Made Into Deming
Incident.
Investigation Is Being
Official Corruption- Is
Alleged in Many De
partments. • . •
France Gravely Awaits
v. •. Meeting- of Civil
: v * Commission.
. Mrg. McClung, the widow of the mur
dered man, was then called into the in
quest room from the private office of
Coroner Leland. She was • garbed In
black and wore a* heavy veil that
shrouded her'face.
. Coroner 'Leland asked Mrs.- McClung
if she knew of anything that might be
of value in the inquisition, but she re-,
plied that her husband had not told
her any* details of the shooting ' and
that she knew absolutely nothing about
the tragedy that might enlighten the
Jury. Coroner Leland therefore did not
call Mrs. McClung to the witness stand.
Louis H. Ward, assistant warrant
Nora Nenealy, a maid at the Palace
Hotel", was then called to the Witness
stand. She testified that she had vis
ited Mrs. Cqit's rooms last Wednesday
afternoon shortly after 5 o'clock, and
Mrs. Colt met her at the door and asked
her to go for a doctor, as Major Mc-
Clung had been shot.. The girl testified
to calling Dr. Martin and accompany
ing him back to Mrs. Coit's rooms.
The witness testified to seeing Major
McClutig lyin^ ih v a chair In the room,
and. of seeing Dr. Shiels and Mrs.
Whitney enter the apartments. -"I did
not hear Major McClung say anything
about the shooting," continued the wit
ness. "All ft heard him say was that he
and GarR<p.t*h&& always been friends:"
The witness stated that she did> not
see either GaVnett or McClung- enter thi»
rooms of Mrs. Coit, but she had heard
loud talking in the apartments just
previous to "Mrs. Coit rushing out and
asking the witness to get a doctor.
The witness did not see Garnett with a
revolver In his hand at any time, as
she arrived at the rooms of Mrs. Coit
after. Garnett had thrown his pistol at
the feet of Mrs. Colt in the hallway.
MRS. McCLUNG. IS CALLED.
of Major McClung. As I was. return-*
Ing to the rooms Dr. Martin met me at
the door and informed me that Major
McClung was failing fast. I then told
Major McClung that he was fatally
wounded and that he would die. It
was then he asked me to send for his
wife.
"He eald: 'If I am going to die, I
want my wife here.'
"I asked McClung to tell me how he
had been shot and he said he was call
ing on Mrs. Colt, when Alexander Gar
nett came in. -McClung said: 'I heard
Garnett threaten Mrs. Coit and I told
him to go away.' "
Dr. Shiels then testified to the state
ment of Major- McClung as to how he
had been shot by Alexander Garnett.
Dr. Shiels next told, of the removal of
Major McClung to the Waldeck Sana
torium and the examination he made
there of the wounded man. The physi
cian described the gradual failing of
the patient and the loss of vitality that
resulted in* death.
TELLS DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
. "When I saw that Major McClung
was falling," continued Dr. Shiels, "I
at once notified the "District Attorney's
office. An attache of that office came'
out to the Walde,ck and saw me I and
said he desired to take an ante-mortem
statement. • ' .
'•'I was asked by this attache if it
would be wise to inform Major Mc-
Clung that his dying statement was de
sired. I felt that as I had informed
Major McClung that he could not live
when I first saw him and that he had
made a statement to me at that time,
it would jeopardize the, slight chance
of his recovering 'to again shock
him by telling him that death was
near. I felt that there was a slight
hope of . recovery and that is why I
did not again inform Major McClung
that he was likely to die when the at
tache of the District Attorney's office
came to take his statement."
Dr. Shiels then told of the death of
Major McClung, the autopsy and the
burial of the body, at which the physi
cian was present.
Dr. Shiela also identified the revolver
with which McClung was shot by Alex
ander Garnett. Dr. Shfels, as_ a mat
ter of precaution, had taken it from the
table when he was called to Mrs. Colt's
rooms and later oh turned the weapon
over to the -police.
NORA KENEALY TESTIFIES.
The jury then retired to deliberate
upon a verdict, fend after passing on
the testimony presented returned a ver
dict of . willful murder against Alex
ander Garnett in the following terms: *
-"That the said J. W. McClung, age 56
years, nativity Alebama, occupation re
tired, broker, residence 857 Post street,
in the city and "county of San Fran
cisco, came to his death in the Waldeck
Sanatorium, in said city and county, on
the 26th day of November,' 1903, from
shock and internal hemorrhage "from
gunshot wound of the upper abdomen;
and that said shot was fired from a pis
tol in the 'hands of Alexander Garnett
with murderous intent." " . *^
Alexander Garnett was arraigned yes
terday morning before Police .Judge
Fritz on the charge of" having murdered
Major McClung. Ow^ng to the wit
nesses in the case being required to tes
tify in the Coroner's inquest the case
went over until to-morrow afternoon at
2 o'clock. ¦¦¦;•-
Detective E. Byram testified to. tak
ing the statement of Mrs. Coit on the
evening of the shooting of Major Mc-
Clung, which statement has. been pub
lished In full In The Call. " : •
Detective T. L, Ryan testified to ar
resting Alexander Garnett -in Oakland
on the night of Thursday last and of
the statement made by the arrested
man' on the boat coming to this city.
This statement o"f Garnett was to the
effect that Major McClung Jiad tried
to eject him from Mrs. Colt's rooms
arid that he (Garnett) had drawn bis
pistol to defend -himself and that the
weapon was exploded in the struggle
with McClune.
Dr. Bacigalupi, autopsy surgeon to
the Coroner, testified to holding an au
topsy on the body of Major McClung
and described the nature of {he wound
that caused death. He told of finding
that a heavy caliber bullet had., en-,
tered the front of the body Just below
the breastbone and lodged in the back
near the ninth intercostal space after
perfora'ting the right lobe of the liver.
He testffled that the pistol from which
the "buUft was fired must- have been
held close .to McClung's body, as the
wound wag powder burned. •;.;"'
This concluded the evidence, and Gar
nett was taken from the room and con.
veyed- to the City Prison, while the
jury heard .in a nnmbor of
other Inquests. . . , . • " ,;'^ ; ; i " ..• ¦;-• •
FINDS VERDICT OF MURDER.
"CHARLES J. CODY."
"The statement I secured and wit
nessed was as follows:
"SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 26, 1903. •
"My name Is J. W. McClung. My
residence is at S57 Post street, in, this
city. Last night about 5 o'clock I was
going out from a call, when Mr; A. G.
Garnett came in. He (Garnett) was
asked to go away by Mrs- Lillian Coit.
He pulled, a pistol and said he was go
ing to kill her. I' told him to go away,
and he said, 'G— d— you. I'll kill you.'
Then he shot me once. He was wildly
drunk. I was simply making a call.
This occurred in the Palace Hotel. I
hope to recover from this injury. I
can't add anything morel . v .
"J.-W. McCLUNG.
"GEORGE FRANKLIN SHIELS,
"LOUIS. H. WARD,
McCLTjiarGPS FIMTAIi WORDS.
and bond clerk, testified to taking the
statement of Major McClung at ' the
Waldeck Sanatorium a few hours pre
vious to his death. The witness ex
plained how he desired to get an ante
mortem statement from the wounded
man, but that Dr. Shiels feared to in
form Major McClung that he was likely
to die.
-"I then explained," said the witness,
"to .Major McClung the object of the
statement I desired to secure. I told
him If he recovered the statement
would be \ised as evidence, and that if
he was so unfortunate as to die from
his wound the statement would be
used as a memorandum In the case.
He was not informed that he was likely
to die from his wound. I then took, his
statement, which was signed by myself,
Dr. Shiels and Detective Cody as wit
nesses, Major McClung placing his
mark to the paper,
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
Zion City was formally opened on
July 14, 1901, 'when Dowle took up his
headquarters there in an old f/rrmhouse,
after "making a speech of 'consecration.'
Artisans were hurried to the place and
the constructkm of buildings and
Btreftts began. A year later the town
had a population of 2000 persons, and at
"the present time the population is esti
mated At about 10,000.
The lace factories were opened more
than a year ago; an immense hotel, an
auditorium and administration build
ings constructed, brick, 'candy a"nd
woodworking plants were established,
and at- the present time an Imposing
building of stone for the Zion College
fs In course of construction.
It was decided by "the receivers that
the Zion City industries should be oper
ated to-morrow as "usuaL... The Zion
City Dank will remain closed to-mor
row. •
ZION CITY'S RAPID GROWTH.
. As, the congregation grew he- re
christened his organization the -"Chrisr
tian CatholiG Churcb of. ZiQti," and
three, years ago leased the Auditorium, 5
in wh'icb to- hold his Sunday gatherings.
All this -time he "kept up his divine heal*
ing" and . many of- thofee who- canie to
•him to be healed became his stanchest
supporters in the church.
•; It was -shortly after he began, the
services .in the Auditorium that he an
nounced that he was "the successor of
Elijah, -the prophet pf .God, and that
his teachings and actions .were inspired.
Four .years ago Dowie began nego
tiations .for the .-purchase of the land
north of "Waukegan, on which Zion City
ndw stands. Having -procured options
o'n a. tract "of 6400 acres he platted It.
Eighty acres were set aside for the lace
factories, oh'.which the industrial hopes
of Zion. City were . founded. Samuel
Stevenson went to Nottingham, Eng
land, and ordered and' naid deposits on
one, hundred lace making machines,
which, with the accessories, when laid
down in Chicago, cost almost $1,000,000.
•Outgrowing "these quarters in a few
years, he leased a tabernacle at Michi
gan avenue a'nd Thirteenth street",
paying for it an. immense rental. Fof
several ; years the services were held
¦there. :• •- ¦-":¦''.'-
Early in the week before' last Dowie
made a personal trip through the va
rious shops. It has been cu&tomary at
Zion City to start each day's work In
the shop with fifteen minutes devoted
to prayer services. On the day in
Question, it is said, Dowie went to each
of the 6hops and talked for more than
¦two hours to the employes. He told
his followers and others that they
must either wait for their salaries or
must endure a substantial cut in
wages. They agreed to wait. In one
shop a non-rmember of Dowie's flock
asked Dowie why he was going to
Australia, if his finances were so bad.
"Perhaps I may not toe able to go at
all," quietly returned Dowie. "I may
have to stay and see that things are
set right before I leave." ., ; :
The receivers, with 0 their attorneys,
and Custodian Redieske, with six
deputy marshals, went to Zion City to
night to. serve c upon Dowie' the notice
of the receivership. Redieske and his
deputies went to the bank, while the
others called upon Dowie at his resi
dence. As the officers were about to
demand admission to the bank, a man
r.an from a rear door. One of -the depu
ties overtook .him and a second man
came running from the bank, shout
ing: • • - __
' "Let' me have those papers; I will
get away with. them."
Redieske threatened " to place them
under arrest ;unless th/ey returned at
once to the bank, .which they did. He
then-placed the bank and men ln.it
under a guard. .:
While .this was taking, place, at* the
bank the receivers and their attpf neya
called upon Dowie and .read to him. the
ruling of- the" court, which placed Zion
City in the hands pf a. receiver. After
hearing it, EJowie locked, himself up
with .several of his- leading subordi
nates. He refused to allow himself to
be seen ' or to make any statement,
merely sending out word that he had
nothing to say. The order of the court
issued to-day compels , Dowle . to • ap
pear.in cojirt on- December 11.
DOWXE'S BOAD TO WEALTH.
I Dowie: made his advent in Chicago
as a divine healer in 1S92. Renting a
email apartment, he\ began the treat
ment of persons afflicted with everjt
known kind of disease and soon hun
dreds • were. Coming to -see him. He
called himself the head' of the Interna
tional Divine Healing .Association. and
had a tabernacle constructed on Stoney
Island avenue, near Sixty-third street;
•where his congregation held Its first
service. : * "..-." '.¦ • • .
MUST WAIT FOB SALARIES.
$500,000 without delay. This sum, he
said, he- was willing to take in short
loans, but they must be forthcoming
immediately. c In the effort to remedy
the conditions of affairs at Zion City
hundreds of letters were sent out daily
to Dowie's followers in other parts of
the country. In these letters, in which
glowing prospects of Zion City's future
were painted and in v?hich Dowle him
self is quoted us praying that all those
who believe in him would "follow the
Lord," all Dowieites are urged— almost
commanded — to sell their farms, stores
and everything else and come at once
to Zion City and take up the work of
the church. All of those who have
money in. banks were asked to draw
that money out of the local banks and
send It for deposit at Zion City.
It Is declared to be a fact that the
employes of the manufacturing indus
tries have not been paid in from four
to six weeks. What little they have
received is said "to have been paid en
tirely in the Zion City coupon books.
DREYFUS' APPEAL
AROUSES FEELING
HAWAII'S GRAND
JURY IS BUSY
OFFICIALS MUST
EXPLAIN NEGLECT
Continued . From Page 1, Column 1.
Coroner's Jury Declares Garnett Guilty
of the Willful Murder'ofMaioyMcClung
DDWIE'S ZIU.
THE SAN/ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER* 2"; -1903.
GLASGOW, -Dec. 1.— The battleship
Libertad,' built for Chile, and; which, it
Russia. May Purchase If They (Tome
."Up to Requirements.
TRIAL OF CHILEAN WARSHIPS.
OGDEN, Utahr Dec. 1. — A head-end
collision*: on the Southern Pacific at
Montello, Nev., this morning between
two east-bound light engines and a
west-bound freight- resulted in fatally
injuring Fireman H v J. Griffin and se
riously, injuring Engineer Bogaft. Grif
fin 'i died on his way- to '. Ogden. . Traffic
was delayed seven hours.
Collision Causes Fireman's Death.
NEW YORK, Dec. 1.— The following
Californians are in Jfew York From
San Franciscor^Major Johnstone^at the
Victoria; G. C. Lacey and wife, at the
GranU Union; H. Marlon, at the Ross
more; J. C. Nelson, at the St. George;
C. P.. Walters and G. Williams arid
wife, at the Grand Union.
From San Jose— W. G. Camfebell, at
tee Herald Square, • .._
Californians in New York.
CHICAGO. Dec. 1. — Major Charles
E. Kiljbourne, XI. S. A., paymaster of
the Department of Dakota, died on an
incoming train near this city to-day..
He ha'd been very ill and was on his
way to his home 111 Columbus, Ohio.
Major. Kilbourne graduated. froYn
We"st Point in 1866 and was 59- years
of age. He was treasurer of the Phil
ippine'islands while they* were under
military. government in 1898-99. ,
Major Kilbourne Dies Suddenly.
YOKOHAMA, Dec. 1.— A Japanese
medical student was arrested to-day
on suspicion of an attempt to assas
sinate the Marquis Ito. He carried a
dagger - concealed under his kimono
¦when arrested at the Marquis' villa at
Mizo. It Is believed this attempt on
the statesman's, life was the outcome
of recent suggestions in the sensational
newspapers of Japan that a Ministerial
assassination .would be a "patriotic.ac
tion, tending to produce a more warlike
"policy on the part of the Government.
Student Armed With Dagger Arrest
•at the Marquis' Villa. Wjgjj
ASSASSIN • IMPERILS ITO.
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Rheumatism
Does not let* go of you
when you apply lotions or
liniments. * It; simply loosens
its hold for a while. Why?
Because to get rid of it you.
must correct* the acid con-
dition of ihe blood on which
it* depends. Hood's Sarsa-
parillabas cured thousands.
' > : ¦ JMO- J-'.'" gXJLTON CO.
Bright's- Disease and
:: ;;J)iab.eteS-News.. ; v
CAN FRANCISCO, JCOV. 8T>. 1803.—
.Mr. Gfeo. A: Porter, en old-time San
Francisco merchant formerly .of Porter.
Schlesslnref & Co... manufacturers and
= Importers of boots- and 6hoes, but now
living at FeV.nando, Los Angeles County,
whpre he has large rinded Interests, was
Jn* this 'cl£y last wfek. He called at our
office to g-ct.more of the Compound and
fave us the', following Interesting facts.*
lie first <jrsco'yer*ed he ri^d* Diabetes near-
ly fourteen, years afc9. Has, as he says,
tried • every, -"path" , known—^allopath,
homeopath and everything else, trying to
stay the progress' of the disease. Has
now been .on J.he -(Compound a number of
months, with the usual results, and now
feels, practically well and Is telling
everybody about' it. • He has a friend In
Fernando who, has. Brighfs Disease and
• wa* swollen with "the dropsy and declin-
ing riapWly. " Mr. "Porter told the attend-
ing physician about th.<s •• Fultpn Com-
pounds and his own case, with the result"
that the patient was put on it. The usual
results obtained.-. .Tie dropsy is reduc- :
. ing and the patient Is gradually return-
ing to business! " . - :
. .' Mrs. Charles A- Xewton of Sacramento
-was In tbis city last Friday and called
with her thirteen-year-old Bon to show
'him to us. He has gained over thirty
pounds in. the last four months, is .at-
tending school again and J« as active, as
a colt. Six months ago he was In such a
critical condition, due to Bright's Dls-
-ease, that death was looked upon as cer-
.tain.
We* again solemnly announce to the
*world the curability of Chronic *Br4ght's
'Disease and. Diabetes by the Fulton
'Compounds in nearly illne-tenths of all
cases. Jno. J. Fulton Co..* 409 TVashing-
*ton street, San Francisco, sole co:n-
rpoun'derst Bend for literature^ ._ ,
. DB. SHOQP'S REMEDIES. • . ¦
Dr. oop's ..
Rheumatic Giire
Costs Nothing If It Falls. 1 . -•;-
Any honest person .¦who suffers from Rh.*ti- !
"matlsm la welcome to tills offer. Fcr jt*x% 1
searched everywhere to find a. specific <«r Jin era.
matlsm. For nearly 20 years I worked to tbjs
end. At last, in. Germany, mi Beargh -wa* re-. ¦
warded. I found a cnstly chernjeal that did not "
disappoint me as other IJheumatle prescriptions;
had disappointed rjiysictar.s everywhere.. ".'".
1 do not mean that Dr. Shoop"s ftheurnatla.
Cure- can turn t>ony Joints into Besh ar*!n. That
Is imposelbie. B«t 1t will 4rtv« from the blocd ••
: the poison that causes pain and swenins..-an(l'.
then that is the end of. RheumaMsin. I kwjxr •
this w> well that I will furnish for a full month,
my Rhewnatlc CMre en trial. I cannot ctr» ill
cases within a mojith. It would be unreason- •
able to expect that. But most cases will yl«H i
within 30 days. This t»lal treatment will con- ;
vlnce you that Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic Cn"r» Im
a power against Rheumatism—* pjtent fbrc«*
against disease thatls Irresistible.
My off»r Is mad« to convlne* yoa of my tatth.
My faith I* but the outcome of. «xpertenc<»— - cf ; .
actual knowledse. I knew what It can da. And •
I know, this so well that J will furnish my rem-
edy on trial. Simply write me a. postal for my
'"book on Rheumatism. I will then arranjr* wtili
r a drugffist In your vicinity so that you ear* se-
cure sli bottles of pr. Shoon,*s Rheumatic Cur«, j
* to make the test. Ton make- take tt a full rpontir
on trial. If It succeeds the cost to you U 15 BO.
If It falls the !%ss Is "mine and mine alone. " ft
will t? left entirely to you. I'mean that 'ex-
actly. It you say the trill Is not sat!sfact»iVJ
don't expect a penny from you. m . % ¦••
I have no samples. Any mer* "sarsple that
can affect chronic Rheumatism must &» drugged
" to the verge of danger. 1. use no such druji*.
for it Is dangeiius to ta # ke them. > YouTr.-wt g^t
* th» fll^ase out of Jhe, bipod. remedy does
that even In thT'most'difhculU obstinate cases.
It has cured the cldc* cases tiiat I. ever met.
and tn *U of my experience tn all. of my 20O0
tests. I never found another remedy that woi.d
cure one chronic case tn ten.. V .
Write me and I will send you the boo*. Jrv
my rtmedy for a month'* tor it carfi'Vharm yti
anyway. If It fails th<\ loss is mine. .
Ad*ess Dr. Shoop; Box «3O, Racine. Wis.
J*»ld cases not chrbrtie are often cured by. on*
* er two tottle». At all grtiKKtats. •
¦ V>TVTTnTT1?C FOR..BARBER3. BA.
RRllSHhO kers « »»<»tblack». ba^,
lJllUUilV u houso,' billiard Utt =s.
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers.' canners,
dyefs. flour mtifs. WndtfM, laundries, paper.
hinjfers.' printers, painters. .sho« : factorWi.
BmsH M*anf »Oar»rsj. 609 Sacriunea{,o SW
; . — . s n
' .• '• - *
LEADrXG" b'rsrNJEISS COLLEGE OF TUB
VIEST. 24 Po»t ft.. San Francisco. CmX.
EstaMishod 40 yearsL Open entire year.
Writs for Illustrated catalogue i.'reej. .
I IBMIPii . iiiiiiiiiiiJiniiiiwMMMiawwrsr— tMWIThe case of ex- Alderman James C.
McCool was , then taken up, " Salsbury
swearing he had asked McCool to be
come a member! of the special counsel
water committee of seven and that he
had agreed^
"I finally' paid him i*-." and he was
to have $5000 in bonds in addition.".
, Salsbury. admitted that when he
promised the Aldermen the. bonds he
never expected to deliver them, be- .
llevlng.that no contract for furnishing |
water to the city would be signed. !
Both the Muir arid McCool cases were
postponed 'until .: Monday....-'
' State Representative Henry B. Van
dercook,, implicated : by: Salsbury, has
issued .'a statement ; in -which ; he de-;
claressthat: he emphatically refused tp
introduce a water bill in the Legislature .
and that 1 he .never accepted. a favor in
connection .with the water deaL •
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.—Represen
tative Robinson of Indiana Introduced
a bill to-day, making the Chinese' ex
clusion law applicable. to the Japanese.
plicated yesterday.
Japanese Exclusion Bill.
Receives British Embassador.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.— Sir Morti
mer Durand, the British Embassador,
was presented to Secretary Hay to-day.
He will be formally presented to Presi
dent Roosevelt to-morrow afternoon.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.— The Senate
was In "open session thirty minutes to^
day. After receiving a number of bills,
resolutions and petitions and after
spending some time in executive session
adjournment until Friday was taken.
A majority of the bills offered were for
private pensions and most of the peti
tions for the expulsion of Smoot (Rep.)
of Utah. As usual, Cullom (Rep.) of
Illinois called up\the Cuban reciprocity
bill, but as no one manifested. a desire
to address the Senate -upon it the bill
went . over.
Brief Session of Senate.
Battleships Begin Winter Cruise.
NEW YORK, Dec 1. — The battle
ships Hlinols, Alabama, Kearsarge
and* Massachusetts sailed to-day- on
their annual winter cruise to the West
Indies. The force of marines has been
increased by. 500 men. Admiral Bar
ker, whose flagship is the Kearsarge,
is in command.
Chicago east had been raised.
Williams said that Under the guise
of a '"saored duty" • to stand pat the
opposition was ! supplying a shelter
whereby the trusts could extort from
the American people, while selling to
the foreigner cheaper than the foreign
er could manufacture. { '
Hepburn of Iowa,- replying to the
statements made by Williams, quoted
figures and declared that the country
never was in better condition and that
this was due to the Republican policy
of protection. He asked if the condi
tion of the laboring man in the United
States then- was better than now!
"Yes,, yes!" came" from the Demo
cratic aide, whereupon Hepburn • de
clared it never was better than to-day.
He' said tie finances of . the country
never were better. The Democrats
should be ashamed to talk as they did.
in view of the splendid conditions
which now existed under the Repub
lican policy of protection.
Replying .to Williams' charge that a
shelter was given the trust,- Hep
burn gave figures in connection with
the steel and iron industry, comparing
prevailing prices with those of the past
and saying that the Republican policy
had brought about the good conditions
cited. He said he could see why the
farmers of Iowa and Kansas spurned
the -gentle assurances of the gentleman
from Mississippi that the Democrats
were their friends.
GROSVENOR SCORES SENATE.
Grosvenor of Ohio, the. last speaker,
replied to the charges of dereliction
made -by the Democrats, v saying that
he "believed the House stood higher ' in
¦the estimation of the people than'ever.
Speaking of the action of the Senate
In* connection with' the Cuban bill,
Grosvenor said the Senate reported the
bill back, and it was assumed that the
Senate wanted to stay, here for^ some
purpose, so it did not offer any resolu
tion to adjourn..
"It would have been almost an Insult
for the House to have offered one," he
said. "What right had we to assume
that the Senate of the United States
would stop— would balk— and refuse to
go on? They never had done such -a
thing before, and they have not done
so now. .There is some wise— it may be
inscrutable — reason,- but it is a wise
one, for it comes from the greatest par
liamentary body on earth, arid greater
than any in heaven. So. now are we
waiting for what? For the Senate to
say to us- that they are through with
that bill for the present and want to
adjourn. ! We cannot slap the Senate,
in the face by adopting a resolution
that we want to adjourn. They are un
der the same call that we are, and have
not done what we have done—dis
charged our duty. I assume that they,
are waiting to consider more fully the
character of that legislation. They
know but little about it. It Just came
from the House; they did not have it
but a . few days. It is • true that, un
officially, we know that they balked on
the whole business and will be ready
at some future time — no doubt some
time during the present* week— to. pass
that bill unless they send us word that
they want to adjourn."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.— The Civil
Service Commission has called the at
tention .of the Postoffice Department to
what, it alleges, Are erroneous state
ments regarding M. W. Louis, former
chief of the supply division of the Post
office Department, in' Fourth Assistant
Postmaster General Bristol's report.
The commission says Louis was not
given a special examination, as stated
in the report, "but that the examination
tvas open and .competitive and that
Louis was employed by a temporary
certificate for two or three months.
Regarding Mr. Bristow's statement
that Louis received a rating of fifty
points for experience # galned during his
temporary service the commission says
that rating was given for the experi
ence that Louis *galned while outside
the Government service.
Civil Service Commission Picks Flaw
in His Report.
DECLARES BRISTOW ERRED.
ATKIiiBdiJ- •¦ ¦:'. \
'^ :;: FQR''-'Ebi!WAXLA^-:^dRETARY
Pr? sid^nt. ; ;;Sciids • }the ; ; 'Naiie : pf -'{ the ;
%r\.\ ;^pniptod--Attbrpey : ta: : : the '\'l'V;
Senate. . • ; .
!;>^'A^HI-^07OJC^ BecI^^The' Pres4^
:d^rSt.->- to"- day. -. «j ent ;.' : to-, the. -. • S'eii.afce .". : the.
rrbipinatf on; -of :¦ A: :L: C; Atkinson '¦- of
¦kins.'6n:.is at. •ia^fer Vd.f ¦ flonpl ulu -an^l :has;
•b«^^ti:e^s\jreh.:of :th>. ijle'ptlhricaTiJ Cen.
itral toMrij-ittee^rtf/liAwaJ-i^ :";¦;¦¦.•'' "7-'- ; , ;:
Evans"- Squadron Starts lot HawaiL
WASHINGTON. Dec. J.— Admiral
thii:/i<^ntuc"ky; '•¦;Wtec"o.hstri^; ; Ojf i is56ii;;A : .l-:
toanj'.ipd;;.c4nc_irin?Ltl;'; Wiled ";;tovday
mB^^I^>k|raamV^¦^'n^ : :^;y¦'.':'';'maiIif!eu>:eri.ns
cruise^ to ' : H(Jn61uiu arid i:'fetuYri: • ! t .' .>: •
NEWPORT, R. I., Dec. 1.— Mrs. Regi
nald C. Vanderblltv who was injured
by a fall while coming out of a box in
the Grand Opera-house last night, was
reported to-night to be resting com
fortably.. She is out of danger.
Mrs. Vande-rbilt Is Out of Danger.
Widow of Frederick Douglass Dies.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.— Helen Doug
lass, widow of the late Frederick Doug
lass, the negro orator, died here to-day,
aged (5 years. Mrs. Douglass was the
second wife of Frederick Douglass and
was a white woman: "
BOSTON, Dec:.' 1.— '^n. English
Daisy." one .of Weber fir'Field.'s pro-,
ductlons* was presented, 'foe the . first,
time In America before a crowded house
In .the Globe TKeater to- nljrnt." The
piece is a comedy in two- acts and is
the work of Seymour Hicks a'nd Walter
Slaughter. The cast.'" included Ch'ristie
McDonald, John R, Bice, Salfre Cohen
-and Cha'rles A. Blgelpw. The produc
tion was favorably received.. .'••*"
"An English. Daisy'.' . a -Success.
ASHEVTLL.E. N. C. Dec. 1. — Dr. J.
V. Jay was to-day found guilty of
murder in the second degree and sen
tenced, to thirty years at. hard labor.
A few weeks ago Dr. Jay, who is one
of the best known physicians in Ashe
ville County, murdered his three
.children. His mind was believed to
be affected. ff f ; ¦ '
Physician Is Convicted of Murder.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.— The major
part of the time of to-day's executive
session of the . Senate was devoted to
a discussion of the scope and charac
ter of the agreement with reference to
the time of taking a vote on the Cuban
reciprocity bill. It developed -during
the discussion that the Democrats had
understood Senator Aldrich to say the
Cuban bill was to be the only matter
considered. Senator Teller stated that
an agreement had been made with
Senator Aldrich and that the Demo
crats considered it binding.
"When- it was, made # known Senator
Aldrich had entered Into an agreement
the Republicans made no further ob
jection to the suspension of all busi
ness except the merest routine matters,
but Senator Elklfts observed that he
thought less misunderstanding would
arise if the Republican leaders, would
make known their arrangements in the
event they left the city or could not be
present to explain them on the 'floor
of the Senate.
Several Democrats, in explanation of
their opposition to taking up business
other than that agreed on, said that
many Senators had* left Washington,
and that it would }not be fair to them
to transact during their absence mat
ters in which they were vitally inter
ested. . . I'-.'-.''.''.;':
Decide to Suspend All Business Ex
cept Cuban Reciprocity Bill.
SENATORS REACH. AGREEMENT.
. The cierrrman- Is npcxitollcally bidden to
order w«U his household, but there are some
wfves who, notwithstanding their marriage
vows, will not be ordtred. The radical and
comprehensive fault or sin is worldllnegs of
mind.' More than one castor has been dls
plaped, ir.ore than one ministry has been sac
rificed by the dressy, pleasure-seeking or silly
partner of a diligent pastor or hard-workLns
priest.
SYRACUSE. N. Y., Dec. 1.— In his
.monthly • message, just . published,
Bishop F. D. Huntington of the
Protestant Episcopal diocese of Central
New York comments pointedly upon
the behavior of ministers' wives. He
says:
Bishop Hunting-ton of New York
. Says Some of Them Are Too
Worldly.
.COMMENTS UPON BEHAVIOR ;
OF WIVES OF MINISTERS
TRENTON, N. J.. Dec. i.-i-Proceed
lngs were instituted in the. Court of
Chance*ry to-day to res-train the con
solidation of the Old Dominion Copper
.Mining and Smelting Company of
Globe, Ariz.. and° the United Globe
mines, also of Arizoijal .The. -suit is
brought by George Elllof ef. -Boston.
Elliot states that the- plan" was 'to. In
crease the stock- of the Old Dominion
company from $5,000,000 to $8-.7iO,OOO and
to give $5,000,000 of stock and $330,000 In
cash in payment' for the ¦unitQiT plant.
Jt is further alleged by Ellfot .that $2,-'
000,000. would be a big- price. f,or- the
United Globe mines .property.- - "A"-.tenv
porary injunction '.was graT-ted by.
Chancellor Magle and an. order to show.
cause when the 'Injunction should n.ot
be made permanent -is- returnable in
Jersey City December 14.- ¦ '.:" .*•'
Stockholder Institutes Proceedings to.
Restrain Managers From Carry
. Ing Out Projected Deal- ¦
OPPOSES CONSOLIDATION. : /
OF ARIZONA COPPER MINES
*(ere; ' ii-oftre^f^r /tlie f .Philippine : . Isl
ajiifl.syat{<?v^ pieces >^_OpVQiJQ--'Bi-l\'et:- were.
: of^rigtes ' .was v : it? 8 4^62 5/9:3.0;
r Bh'i : io^secuTV. EUtfti.c aepqsits' $15S,
;i^s^^p>," Y-yryS. ¦: 1 : . £.*/*-;. "r-V *k?& r
"-¦'_ .'T^e.;"compaTAil.V''e : vs.taternent :6f V.the
;f^^ej-rrrrferrtjrecfeirjts :an;d expenditures
-tJtat' Xc;ry:trii^ irifinth -ol . Ndvem
l>e.r-; iii^. V^jtaj; i^cerpts' ; 4 ,6 & t
: 5'?. j : - h)»;.:e*pe'n'(ii tui-es.'' .$"47 ,42 7 , 1 $&j
:fcrfe)^hx>Vft rio/fiff. ve .tieen; -^i 9;22.0i54.7y
•ft. -'¦ ;=d.err.'o;ja*^ ; : ifor.. :ih'e- .•h>.ohlK-.:-of.'-"Abaut'
:$;3;.3^;^0Y;4i}terrtal •' .rev ertiic/1 21 ;*$$;¦;
.¦^|l^^'otosJ>r*',4--??.!S;J35^^'iqWesLsfc'"^f2^
iJ0p.;<X0:0>.-;; ¦.-"The ¦': exp;en;4lt.V^?^.P».. ?[c^
rrQui^^fJlJi^Wit^Dep^tmen-t^how-^
;4^«?^' :^;:i.'^*5®..8 r 00.>-;For th«",riavy:
'!fijff'-jrisJ?r*jis,e ;i^ v «'h}pWn-;i»t.y3.,|i'_O3i0^O.'i •..••.:
;'.V: '^^¦{Tpdixi^kXy Ccprnagfe statement" is- r
xft ilte •rAl^t.«howp
:^hait:;:dur7ne-\N^ve'^l^rjtt^topU
h:re;<;xe.<ivrt r >d atth^.^unti'of the.L ; riit-"
'$ 4 :¦ ?iat sJs /5Y3* : I i*"«J6 2-J5r;l 2 6 , a,s .-follows:.
¦&$& i yi&S2Ai0a ¦;; sii vet>V:=$i. 4 0 1.0 e.i); '
¦rt-iiibV.Vi?xih«t.': > :jV22^;.5^i0^ : -¦¦.'¦¦ - : . v* '¦¦•' •;' /..",;
;.- ';T-h« ..amuupt- 6f""cirf.nl.ati6ri : .b.a:s.e^l on"
: .Unf t.etJL ;' JS t4 to s -' b.o nijsv wa^ $ 3 5 3 ; 0 1 8; 4 i 4 ,
knf-Ipicr^ise-.rfdr- thVyear o£.$'4X;9-tS.
<is2r.^il ani1p&£s£ff;iQr. : the. 'month, of
n^f^4 tto^
.byf;iT^il-:mone;y-iggre^ted t $'38,0SS;
4S3;V'cV>-.c ¦'"-¦¦.. j->;-.: \- ¦¦•';•>¦- • ':*;. •...:.
\r-. WASjtlNGTO^;> ; : De_c;\- ;1.;-^ Trrie
•monthly^^sta-tiemeiit-.of ; ihe :Cqrn.ptroiler
.-6f- th.e"Cdrrehcr><shQws' that- ".at ".- the
.'l?0;3,.
Ah« •tpt.al'tircu'iatipn;. of national bank
:rvotes; ;-wajs -> 4 £1 ,10 C? T$, . ah Increase
•.for.t^e:year.<5f: : $3-3;-252-,A6S,- and ari.iri
ci-ease ",;for;-.ihO.-. .ih'ontV. '.cif : -.$l,i 86,29ff..
qOMP/TROLLfiR OP CURRENCY':
¦; . jiL^^ONTHiY; .STATES1ENX
C.oinp.a*iso3i ct ; Receipts, "and ' Experi
~i;\ '.4i£ures' 'Shows -a ', Deficit .for'-; -.
/= * • :>¦. >""-¦ " ; ;• Jtevember^. ; .:'';'• .' •'. ' : ' ' ¦
MAY MAKE MORE ARRESTS.
"Couldn't -tell : within $4000 or $5000
what my trial here, cost me," he said.
"I raised every cent I. could In every
way and. spent it. I borrowed every
cent I could and then Corry Bissell
Went, around the /Aldermen and col
lected money from all of them to help
.my defense. . Bissell said Muir con
tributed. ,1 have ' forgotten whether
the amount .was' $10 or $25.'.'
The. Prosecuting' Attorney refused, to
give any definite information as to how
many 'warrants will be issued in the
next , batch or how far he will : go in
prosecuting those whom ' Salsbury im-
• "Muir had already taken a stand fa
vorable to the Barley. Springs plan and
it would be hard to get him to switch
and explain his action," said- Salsbury.
"We gave him the larger inducement
because of his position. Muir never took
any positive action in favor of the Lake
Michigan deal until after he was prom
ised the $5000 In bdnds.. We had plenty
of money in sight to reward eur friends,
and if the Lake Michigan deal had gone
three days longer, we would all have
been millionaires."
. Salsbury was given a severe exam-,
inatlon by Attorney Smedley, wTio tried
to pin him down to details, in regard to
some, pf which | Salsbury. was in doubt.
He could not tell the date'upon which
he paid Depagler nor could he tell cer
tainly whether he promised Depagler
$3000 or $5000 worth of bonds. He said
•that some of the Aldermen were prom
ised the first amount and some the
latter. :
• Salsbury testified that he intended to
bleed all the outside parties, and then
go before' the Common Council, ex
pose them and keep the money. ' Muir's
attorney then sought to show! that
Salsbury ;could not have paid out the
'amount to - .the Aldermen that he
claims, because of his heavy personal
expenses, but Salsbury repeated that
their figures were" wrong. .He was un
able to state his expenses at the time
of his arrest in Chicago, nor during his
trial here. He said he kept no cash" ac
count, 1 but that he did keep a j memo
randum of the amounts whjch he paid
the various Aldermen. 1
HAD PIJENTY OF MONEY.
Ex- Alderman Mulr's examination fol
lowed. Salsburjf swore that it was at
first understood that Muir, who was
known as "Honest John," was to re
ceive $1000 in cash and later it was
agreed that he was to have $5000 in
bonds.
Salsbury's testimony In the case of
Alderman Depagler and ex-Aldermen
Mui£ and McCool was completed at
the morning session, but the case
against Alderman Ellen pf the First
Ward occupied the attention of Judge
Haggerty all the afternoon and Sals
bury's cross-examination was not com
pleted when court adjourned. The di
rect examination was brief in. each
case, it being confined by Assistant
Prosecuting Attorney Ward to the
payment of money by Salsbury to the
Aldermen for their votes and Influence
in carrying the water deal through the
Council.
It was reported to-night that ex-Al
derman Donovan, Aldermen Mol, John
son, Stonehouse, Slocum, McLachlin
and Lozier, and Correy.P. Bissell, ex
members of the Board of Public Works,
who are now under arrest, will go into
court to-morrow and waive examina
tion. In this case they will be held to
the present term of the Superior Court
for trial. This will conclude the pre
liminary examination of the men al
ready arrested through Salsbury's con
fession.
. Salsbury was the first witness called
this morning. He testified that he
gave Alderman Depagler $350 at about
the same time that he did the others
he bribed; the currency being deliv
ered in Salsbury's office of the City
Hall.
BUYS AXDEBMANIC SUPPORT.
"I told him that he could have $1000
ultimately," said Salsbury, ,,'Jand I ex
plained how 'I wanted him \o support
our proposition. He agfeed.rand later,
we entered Into an agreement by.which
he was to receive from $3000 to>$5000 in
water bonds."
Salsbury said that he niade Depagler
a heavier offer than was at first con
templated because things, had come to
such a pass in' the Common Council that
in order to stand by the deal a man had
to have a little more courage, and he
wanted Depagler to stiffen up. All of
the Aldermen were paid separately ex
cept in the case of ex-Alderman Kln
ney, Salsbury testified, and he thought
Corry P. Bissell was present when that
payment was made. Then Attorney
Smedley took up Salsbury's confession.
He made Salsbury acknowledge that he
had told the story not only before the
prosecutor, but also before Judge ISTew
ham, who will be the trial Judge unless
a change df venue is obtained. He said
he hoped to be treated leniently.
Depagler's case was then adjourned
until next Monday.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Dec. 1.—
Although the features of the examina
tion of ex-City Attorney Lank K. Sals
bury in the water boodle case in -the
Police Court to-day were lacking in
sensation to compare with yesterday's
startlfng , revelations, his" testimony
was Intensely interesting because of
voluntary statements made by the wit
ness while under cross-examination.
•His testimony involved no "new names.
Several of the Accused " Of flcials of
Grand Bapida Intend to Waiva
a Preliminary Hearing in :
Police Court.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1..— Some dls
pussion has been indulged in by
Senators concerning the effect of an
adjournment without action on
the nomination- of General Leon
ard Wood to be major general
and' other ; nominations depending
upon his confirmation, and widely dif
fering views have been expressed. Ac
cording to the standing rules • of the
Senate it. will be necessary, in the event
these nominations are* not confirmed at
the present session, for the President to
send them again to the Senate. The
rule follows:
"Nominations neither confirmed nor
rejected during the session at which
,they are made shall not be acted upon
at any succeeding session without 'being
made again to the Senate by the Presi
dent, and if the Senate shall adjourn or
take a recess of more than thirty days
all nominations pending and not finally
acted upon at the time of taking such
adjournment or recess shall be returned
by the Secretary to the President and
will not be again considered unless they
shall again be made to the Senate by
the President.
Some question has arisen as to the
effect if no adjournment occurs, but the
•impression is that the pending nomina
tion's will have to be made anew. ' V
Defense Fails to Weaken His
Story by R ; gid Crosa- ,
Examination.
Professor Bowne Is widely known as
a writer on philosophy and his recent
statements concerning the Bible and
religious subjects have attracted much
attention. Rev. Mr. Cooke Is the author
of a pamphlet, issued several months
ago and circulated throughout the
Methodist church, which criticizes Pro
fessor Bowne's teachings.
The first specification against Pro
fessor Bowne is that the philosopher's
views concerning the Deity are con
trary to the plain teachings of the
Scriptures; the second, that his views
of the inspiration and authority of the
Holy Scriptures are also contrary to
those Scriptures; third, that hH notion
of the atonement is contrary, not only
to the Scriptures, but also to the ritual
of the Lord's su l pv>er in the- discipline
of the church. • v '
The fourth charge refers to his teach
ing of eschatology, which, It is declared.
Is directly contrary to the Scriptures
and the Methodist standards of. faith.
The last statement is tbat Professor
Bowne disseminates views of Christian
experience "contrary to the plain teach
ing of the Holy Scriptures and contrary
to the established doctrines of the
Methodist Episcopal church. 1 '
BOSTON, Dec. I.— Papers have been
served upon Professor -Borden D.
Bowne *of Boston -University, calling
him to trial before the ecclesiastical
court of the Methodist Episcopal church
to answer the charge of heresy.
Rev. George W. Cooke, pastor of
Trinity. Methodist' Church. West Med-.
ford, and a member of the New Eng
land Conference, is the formal accuser
of Professor B.owne. The specifications,
five in number, are based upon the gen
eral allegation that the professor has
disseminated "doctrines which are con
trary to the articles of religion or es
tablished standards of doctrines in the
Methodist Episcopal church."
:.-¦ "We -will see the Senate Alphonse
bowing to .the House Gaston and the
Presidential Leon tending his personal
misgivings, doubts and
a<3to what may. happen."
.ly^LI/iAMS A,TTACKS TARIFF.
..•Wniia'ms of -.Mississippi, taking up
the.;'<iu'estipri of tariff, turned- '.to the
steel" schedules and asked if trie. Ways
and- -Means Committee "could. not" agree
to., a- reduction/ on ¦ steel and iron pro
du'c'teV." He" said he had been-" informed
that four railroads had agreed to re
duce, tlie. freight rates on steel" products
for. export 23 1-3 per cent, and said fiir
iher".He had learned : that rates on all
product? 3n -Interstate; commerce from
' . De Artn.ond amused the House for
ten- minutes by likening the present
procedure of Cpngress to. the Alphonse
and. Gaston and Leftn scheme of po
ll tehees. : Said he: ; " '.* . «
' '. ''On. the <ciuestion : of adjournment of
the; extra the Alphonse of the
;Senate is -saying to the- Gaston of the
House, 'After you. my dear Gaston,'
and.-the .Gastoh of the House Js saying
tolhe Alphonse of the Senate, 'After
you,, my dear Alphonse;' .arid Leon,
standing off a distance, is- saying, 'How
masnifie/int! how magnanimous! how
itreriurius!' "(Democratic laughter.) But,
asidei he is giving the, expression, 'I
wish 1 :had four years of my own in
that dear White House at Washington,
p,.C.'. .This ; spectacle has to be' gqne
through, because there are no more im
portant -matters to be disposed of."
.Turning his attention to 'the subject
oU'cortimittee' appointments, be Ar
njqfid said, facetiously, that he was' un
der, .the impression that the gentlemen
oti the Republican side had ;not been
ireiting. the Speaker. Just rigjit in not
making: plain to him their desires {or
.important chairmanships. .1
. Touching minority committee ap
pointments, : De Armond ¦ suggested
trouble ahead .unless the Just claims
for' .proper., numerical representation
.were allowed. He counseled the Speak
er- -not- tio yield; to '/the temptation on
: tlils;. point; arid his '"brethren" on the
¦Democratic' sfde to- "pray." He con
cluded .'with the prediction:
DE ABMOND IS FACETIOUS.
.Oh the Republican side 'Hepburn of
Iowa, Hrosvenbrof Qh'io and Hemm
iway of Indiana repljed, 'defending the
policy of their .party, the latter two
also resfcondinR: to charges of derelic-'
tion made, by the -minority against the
majority, i .
: pe Armond t,D.) of Missouri, in a
humorous vein, criticized the .majority,
while- \ Williams of Mississippi and
Gai.nes or Tennessee dwelt on the tariff
policy- of the Jtepublicans. .
In terming 1t "talk," Instead of de
bate, the Speaker evoked daughter from
both skies of the House.
"The .gentleman from New "York, at
the suggestion t>f the gentleman from
Mississippi, 'asks unanimous consent
that.ihere.be a thirty, minutes' talk on
aside.':--
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.— The House,
nfier.-haylnu been in session for ajlttle
more than an hour ic- day. adjourned
until' Friday. The time was chiefly con
sumed, in a tariff debate, When Payne
had offered the motion to adjourn Wil
liams. t!he minority leader, suggested
that they would like about thirty min
utes on. a side for debate, whereupon
Payne asked the cpneent of the House.
The Speaker, announcing the request,
said: • : ." . 'V '
The reference of the resolution was
necessary' under the rules of the Sen
ate.
That the Committee on Postofflces and Post
roads, In view of the charges of .corruption,
extravagance ' and violation of law In the ad
ministration of the affairs of the Postofflce De
partment, Is hereby authorized and Instructed
to request the Postmaster General to send to
the committee all papers connected with the
recent investigation of his department, and. It
necessary, to make further inquiry Into the
administration of the said department and re
port thereon to Consrress upon completion of
said Investigation. /
Said committee shall 'have power to send for
pei Bans, books and papera, examine witnesses
under oath, employ a stenographer and sit, by
sub-committee or otherwise, during the ses
sions of the Senate or during the period of its
adjournment, at such times and places as the
committee may determine; and the actual and
necessary expenses of said investigation shall
be raid out of the contingent fund of the
Senate, upon vouchers approved by the chair
man of the committee.
.WASHINGTON, Dec 1. — Senatdr
Penrose, chairman of the Committee on
Postofflces and Postroads, to-day in
troduced a resolution authorizing that
committee to request the Postmaster
General to send to the committee all
the papers connected with the recent
investigation of the Postoffice Depart
ment, and, if necessary, the committee
is to make further investigation and to
report to the Senate. The resolution,
without action, was -referred to the
Committee on Contingent Expenses of
the Senate. . ."
Following is the text of the Penrose
resolution: -i">r"
As the Santa Fe agent. made an- lij
spectipn of the locality his repert Iji
based on his personal knowledge- Of ex-,
lstlng conditions.- it Is expected the*
crowds will be greatly Increased "as. soon
as the existence of these'flelds of t gold'
becomes better known. . " " ... .
TOPfiKA, Kans., Doc. 1.— W. J.
Black, general passenger agent of tlyi
sMnta Fe. has Just received a message
from the asent at Rincon, N. M.. ad
vising* the recent gold strikes on the
west side of Caballo Mountains are
even richer than indicated by first re
ports.. The "gold fields run from the
banks of the Rio Grande River back
to the mountains, making it 'the great
est placer field ever' located. A stage
line has been started and piles between
Rincoir and the gold 'fields. "Grocesy
and outfitting stores have -started Jip
on • the fields and the crowds of gofd
seekers pouring In are being well taken
care of.- • . * *
•. rAKiP; Pec.- :i..--T*rofessor ' Georgps
Dlfiriif f>y, has xcported to the : Academy
.^f- : Mfed r icinf, .of "which he' is a" member,'
.^jitjt'h*- has tested tjie serum for tuber
: culD5iSy 'fiiippveted' . by. ."¦- Prof eesor Mar
morek^the •A-ustrian^'bacterioibcist,' Vbo
until, "recently tvas chief chemist at the
Pa$tcur.?nE;tit»te in: Paris. '•¦ :*'" I;' ? •
¦ Tfhe".^eTUJn. .was used, on iseven pa-:
ttestsy ProfessqrvMarmorelc i op^ratln^..'
InEtead ..pf ib^conii-ng beiteTr they, be'-'
came, •worse arid ifive-oft'ljEjn" <i-ed, * . '
. .t2r. t)eptu -Blade- a similar . report. • • * •.
Sp<riii / Wspat.eh to- The" Call,
Consensus of Opinion is That
He Must Again Be
Nominated.
Five Oiit of Seven Tiibercu
/: Ids is Patients Succumb .
I :;• to Treatment. •
Runs From Banks of the Rio
Grande to the Oaballo
Mountains.
Borden D. Bowne is Sum
moaed for Trial Before
Ecclesiastical Court.'
Salsbury Resumes His
Testimony Against
Boodlersj
Presents Resolution Galling
Upon Payne for All
•Papers.
Grosvenor Sarcastically Ar
raigns Senate for Its- ,
: Dereliction.-
Effect of Senate's Ad
journment Without:
Action.
Physicians ;Ciaim ;Mar-
Lmprek's Serum Is a "
¦•: ! • : • -:'V ;paiiura '¦ •
Penrose Paves Way for
a Postoffice Inves
tigation. I
Williams Assails and
Hepburn Defends
Protection.
Railroad Mai} Says $Tew
Field Gives Great
- * Promise.
Accuses a Professor of
Boston University
of Heresy.
GENERAL WOOD'S
STATUS IN DOUBT
GIVES MORE
DETAILS OF
THE BRIBERY
HOUSE LEADERS
TALK ON TARIFF
CONFIRMS STORY
OF GOLD STRIKE
DEATH HASTENED
BY NEW "CURE"
SENATE TO TAKE
UP THE INQUIRY
PASTOR COOKE
FILES CHARGES
THE SAN: -FRANCISCO. CALL, . WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2, ,1903.
3
% ¦:{ t'y'V^W v' ':'¦:¦ -^ - '-•¦' •: -: :^-/> y: ADy^Tis'JgMENTB. • r '.'vl. . V^& '
.¦-:•..;¦"'.¦•<»;;. ,"::":> T^|^ ;".-'ttt : 11 • "iH\ ' :" " • 1 "» k
;¦¦¦;, . •. ;.-.: •:; ' X.llV.y.T: vM^'Ayi'CopCU.--.lVld:ri- . ' • •
S : ;i-/^: :;;¦ "^^'\;BUYsilIS CLOTHES HERE, " : : '
.. ¦•¦¦¦/¦•' ...:¦¦:•¦;¦ Wi I. J 3ECATJSE HE KNOWS HE ' •"
: f: ; ' : ';-'. ; : v'-^L_[' : - CAN DRESS IN CORRECT .'
.i-i" ./•:-.¦ '¦ -•;'.; ¦:•¦;-. 'T^ • ."^-FASHION AT. A MODER-. '.
ATE COST •. : : : ::;:.::
: : ' : •'•; •;¦¦¦; / POR, THE MAN WHO PATRON-
. - • ".I . IZES A HIGH.-PRICED TAILOR ' WE ; .'.- "
..HAVE AN ASSORTMENT OF SUITS • ' • • . i
".. THAT- ARE" EQUALED : ONLY BY ' .
. • WADE TO MEASURE^ GARMENTS, J
." FOR* WHICH. HE- WOULD* PAY
• DOUBLE OUR PRICE : : : : i
" .. . THESE ""ROOS-MADE^SUITS ARE
- MADE. UP IN EVEkY SWELL FAB-
RIC OF THE SEASON^ AND THE
MOST CRITICAL MAN CAN FIND.
' '•- Nd FAULT WITH THE- FIT, FIN*
ISH OR STYLE : : : : : : :
"K EAR. NY AT POST
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters _ JjT'r "° troubIe with
ISA CHEAT RESTORATIVE* IKVIGORA.- SCIlllling S 15eSt
* tor and -Nervine. ' , . , . ¦
The most woadarful aphrodisiac and SpecUl le * fcakiDt-powfler «picei
Tonic for ' the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. coffee fUroring cxtracti ' soda
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tho
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on iu own merit*, gf VOUf PTOrPr'*!' hnil^pl^PPninfr
KABER. ALFS A BRUNE. Agents. aL 7 uul gI"LCr 5, nOUSeKeeplng
223 Market «.. S. F.— <Send for Circulars.)" . -¦ -
— — Us easy enough, so' far as they
WeeHy Call SLMwML
California calendars, ; poppy, painset-
tia, redwood, burnt "'wood, yucca, etc.,
now on sale. Sanborn, .Vail & Co. *
v- ?; ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦'•' ". '.'¦ '¦ "¦'; ' ¦?'. V •
: . r — y.-^.^^ —
¦ . - . * *
To Your Measure for $15
• Suppose you go to an exclusive tailor and order, a top coat like •
the one pictured. He will charge yo.u .$25 of .$30, and .taaybe
more.. He has fo do it. He buys his cloth from a jobber, and'not di-
rect from the mills. He charges you for'the style and he charges you
for his name. He gets A big price. . . ' . ..
We make you this overcoat to your measure for $15.- -Here you
pay only for the merchandise, and it is never overpriced. The cloth
is bought direct from the mill at a saving of jobbers' profits. We
make a hundred overcoats to the. exclusive tailor's one. -The immense
volume reduces the cost of making, and still the "quality goes irtto
the goods, a ' • /• . ..
Place an order here— We'll save you" $#0, make* as stylish a. gar-
ment as you want and keep it in perfect fepair. •
* We have some splendid coverts and cheviots w.c would fike * to
show you, that will" make into stylish tdp goats.
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customers through
our self-measuring system — write for blank and samples.
740 Market Street and : •
Corner Powell and Eddy StreetsTyphoid Epidemic Unchecked.
arrived. "
Tuesday, December 1. ;
Bktn Cecelia Suddeip Bellesen, 14 days from
Grays Harbor. ¦.•-¦-. .' :
Bktn Man- Wlnkelxsan. Guttormaen, 8 days
from Eureka/
Scbr J A Campbell. Emith, 15 daya from
Grays Harbor. :;
Schr .Jennie Thelln, Mathison, 14 days from
THlamook. ,,
Schr Defiance, Saletzke, 13 days from Grays
Harbor. > ' , ' .
Schr Repeat, Wllstm, 13 days from j Wlllaca
Harbor. ) \
Bchr Abble, Larsen, 10 daya' from Coos. Bay.
Bchr Fortuna. Erlckson, 4 days from. Eureka.
Schr Mary -Buhne, Dannevig, 7 days from"
Eureka. * ¦ - .
DOMESTIC PORT.
SEATTLE — Sailed " Dec 1— Stmr Al-KI for
Ekagn-ay. , -$*¦*£ aammii?mm0imam
"FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA. B C— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Hya
des, from Yokohama, for Seattle; Ger shin
Aletemize.. from TBinstau. .
la Dec l^JaD stmr Iyo Maru, from
Yokohama, for Seattle.
e Sailed Dec 1— Jap «Uur.RioJun-Maru, from
Seattle, for China and Japaa.
Late Shipping .Intelligence.
LONDON. Dec. 2.— Christine Petro
vitch. a sister of the late Queen Draga
of Servla, has written to the' news
papers, in part as fcOlowsr
"After the payment; of legal expenses,
we, her sisters, received as helps only
£5080 ($25,400) and" Drama's jewels,
some of. • the latter missing. "Conse
quently, 1n order to live, we are
obliged, to sell many thlnga" •
The letter then gives a list of diadems
and jewels which the sisters of the
dead Queen wish to sell.
Sisters of the Murdered Woman Find
Themselves in Need of .
-Honey.
QUEEN DBAGA'S- JEWELS-
AfiE OFFEBED FOB. SALE
YOTJNGSTOWN, .Ohio', Dec. l.r— Two
stacks'at'the Ohio works of the Car
negie Company were put into opera
tion last night, after having been
banked a month to reduce the output
of pig iron. It Is expected that oper
ations will be resumed within a few
days' 'at two more stacks. . .
Rg'.Iron Works Besume Operations.
v The Brenners are well-known He
brews.; Isaac Brenner, the husband of
Sarah Brenner, conducts a pawnshop
on Water street.
Cheong for a number of months called
upon the Brenner girl, and" he says she
promised ; to marry \hlrn. He v says he
gave her sums of money with which fo
finish her musical, education -and
bought a piano for, her. v Several love
letters .written Miss Brenner were
produced as evidence at the trial. •
INDIANAPOLIS, * Dec- "l.— Charles
Cheong, a Chinese, has obtained judg
ment for $700 in the Posey Courity Cir
cuit | Court against Sarah | Brenner and
her daughter, Miss Rachel Brenner, of
Evansville. He sued for $850, % the
amount he alleges to liave spent upon
Miss Brenner. "S^
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• DENVER, Dec. 1.— Two hours after
the Pacific- express on the Rio Granue
road left Denver the passengers in a
Pullman sleeper were thrown into a
panic by th^e shrill screams of a wom
'an, who, with one arm clasping her
baby, was standing on a seat and
pointing to some object on, the floor. '
The: conductor, the porter and pas
sengers rushed forward and discovered
a rattlesnake nearly two; feet long
crawling beside the steam pipes. .The
porter secured his dust pan and brush,
swep't the reptile into the pan and held
It down with. the i brush until the con
ductor opened a window, when the an
gry snake "was thrown out. How it got
into the car is a mystery. . '
• . •
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
;/' .". - - - /
ALAMEDA, Dec. 1.— Not having the
necessary money with which to pay her
.car fare to Oakland to attend a theater
matinee", Miss Martha Reams, aged 16
years, took a bicycle belonging to Mrs.
E. C. Rouse of 1126 College avenue, and
Is now In the City Prison .charged with
grand larceny. The* young woman was
arrested this morning by Defective
George H. Brown and confessed that
she was impllcated'lnthe taking* of the
wheel, but asserted that Ruth Grifflng,
a' girl friend, first appropriated the bi
cycle and then made her a present of it.
After enjoying the dramatic perform
ance Miss Reams says that she left the
wheel ! in Oakland and returned -to this
city "on an electric car, as she feared
.detection if she- brought the bicycle
back. It was last. Saturday that the bi
cycle was taken from a : rack in front
of the Free Library while the owner
was in the building obtaining a book.
When she came out she noticed 7 that
her property, was missing, and notified
the police. <
v Miss Reams is the daughter of, Mr.
and Mrs. John Reams of the East End.
Her father and mother are separated,
and the fornjer was a few months ago
found guilty of disturbing the peace of
his wife. Itis intended by the authori
ties to have the" girl tried before '•, the
juvenile i court and committed to ' a re
form institution.' '. . . ~~H%@SBBB£w3^
Woman's Shrill Screams
Start Panic Among )
Passengers. >
Obtains Judgment in
Court for Breach of
Promise.
Girl Short , of Car Faro
Rides Lady's Wheel '
"&. Away. .
"RATTLER" CAMPS
IN PULLMAN CAR
SA"NTA FE; N.. M... "Dec. . l.^-Thla af
ternoon the Grand Jury at.Socorro'.in
dieted Abrara Abeyta, «3t-County Tfeas_
ux>er, on the charge of embezzling $30.
000 of " county-, funds and alsp'of grand
larceny of the public records of his of
fice. He was arrested and his bcjid
flxed^^t $10,000 In the first case and $3000
in-the B^corid. His trial was set for De
cember 3.
den. A. E. Marchand, /i.. S. Lovelnce, TV,
P. McAvoy. J. F. Morse. E. S. Williams.
S. 3. Carleton, A.. P. Hotallng Jr.. H. C.
Lathrop. V. W. Cry^ler. H. F. Emerlc,
Herman Kobbe, J. "E. ClarR, Tljdtaas M,
Cluff. E. F. Somps, J. H. Frost. F. A,
Wickerahara, R. R. Grayson, Marjc M.
Thall. H. C. Sorter. W. L. Chapman. <*.
E. Hlnkle. N. Jacobs.* B. H. Ltfcke, Prank
J. Carter,. Charles A. Bon. W. H. L.
Barnes. Patrick Roland. Ralph* Wylle^
Airred BouvieY. Fred H. Btts"hnell v - Joha
T. Greany and Ed.*J. Ishara..
Accused of Embezzling: Funds.
PITTSBURG, Dec. L— A. A. Hem-"
merschlag, director of the new tech
nology school, now building, .returned
from New York to-day. He announces
officially that in addition to the endow
ment of $2,000,000 and the money sup
plied by Andrew Carnegie to defray the
cost of the .tuildings, Carnegie is vAll-i
ing to do much more. Carnegie author
ized Hemmerschlag to say for him that
"If the people of Pittsburg want it, .1
am as ready to make the technical
Bchool the largest and strongest Jn the
world. It remalns'f or the people to -say
bow large the school shall be, and the
Question of expense Is not to come Into
the matter!" 9f3£
The possibilities opened up by this of
fer are almost beyond conception.
the. Greatest in the
-¦ .World. *• .
Will Make New Technological School
CARNEGIE'S" MUNIFICENT - '
PROPOSAL TO PITTSBURG
. OTTAWA, . Ontario, "Dec. 1. — At a
meeting <jf the Board of Trade to
day an address was delivered by
Geo.rge Holland on the effects of the
Alaska boundary award. He adverse
ly criticized Lord | Alverstone's posi
tion.- At the conclusion o.f the 'ad
dress Holland, expressed the opinion
that; British North America should
have" a Monroe doctrine of its own and
gave notloe of a resolution to the .ef
fect that the acquisition by the United
States of the French, islands of Mique
lon and St. Pierre, In the Gulf of SL
Lawence, would be detrimental to
the interests of Ca'nada and would un
doubtedly lead " to friction between
Canada and the United States.- •
WOULD HAVE A MODTKOE
. DOCTRINE FOB. .CANADA
George Holland Urges the Dominion
: • to Defend Itself Against
* United States.
. For Auld Lang Syne.
Invocation, Rev. Jacob Nleto; soprano
solo, "A ve Maria" (Qounod), Miss Eu
genie Barker; violin and harp obllgato,,
Mr. and Mrs. Marquardt; oration. Brother
M*. T. Dooling: "Lost Chord" (Sullivan),
orchestra; /barytone s6Io, "Passing
Hence" (Sullivan),: Wallace Brownlow;
"In Memoriam" .(Tennyson), Brother
George P. Webster: contralto solo. "My
God* and Father, While I Stray" (Mars
ton). Miss Etta O'Brien; eulogy. Brother
F. J. Murasky; tenor solo, "Abide With
Me" (Metcalf), Brother .W. M. Ogilvle;
benediction. Rev. Jacob Nieto; "Star
Spangled Banner" (Keyes). orchestra.
Those for whom fhe lodge mourns are:
Charles Mclntyre, . George T. Evans.
Ellas Lipsis. Sage Richardson,- H. Mor
gan, W. C. Lawrence. George T. Gallo
way, Myro Mackey, Ed. G. Cotton;
Charles Brooks, Benjamin S. Crane.
AUyizo Grey. C. F. Hanson, -J. N. Cum
ming, K. Petzoldt, Richard Stewart
Adolph Witt. Stephen 1 Gulliver. B. Mc-
Partland. William T. Crane. E. Zimmer,
William J. Conway, William Kreling. E.
J. Thevenet, John Donnelly, A. B. Eck
stein,-Thomas E. Findjey, ; Bert McNulty,
C.B. Bishop. Harry Coad. James Coyle!
J. H. Manning, James Magee, J. S. Ma-
Great Ruler of the Universe.
? All seeing and. benign, • J
Look down upon 'and bless our work
And be" all glory thine!
Oh! hear our prayer for our honored dead
While bearing in our mind
The memories graven on each heart
Sin Francisco Lodge of/ the Benevo
lent and Protective Order! of Elks has.
appointed Howard Cairieron. C- "W.
J^evln, H. J. Cordes, . "C. A. Sloraghan.'
Philip Selig. "W. A. Landry, J. J, Lenner.
j. R. Daniels and S. A. White a commit-,
tee on memorial service for the lodge to"
be field .In the California Theater during
the afternoon of Sunday next
The following has. been adapted by the
committee as the order of exercises for
that occasion:
: • Overture, SchilJer/3 tragedy, "Turan
dott" . (Lachner) ; "Funeral March"
(Chopm); orchestra; directors, Brother
Paul .Stelndorff " arid John . Marquardt;
opening* ceremonies, the lodge; quartet.
"Siler.t Benediction" (Brother Robert
Lloyd). Elks' Quartet. J. H. O'Brien. TV.
M. Ogilvle, R. B# Kay and J. C. OT>on
riell; responses, officers of the lodge;
Impressive Ceremonies In thp Call
:'. fornla Theater on the Afternoon
of Sunday Ne«:t.
SAN* FRANCISCO ELKjS'.
MEMORIAL EXERCISES
OAKLAND, Dec. l^The' foilowifig
marriage licenses = were, "lsstied by the
County Clerk jto-dayr 'George" H< Sla'i.
Meekln, over 21 years, old,-. ;and .Aflela
Richon. over' 18, . bothVo % San : Francisco ;;
Sapnhel L. Kea, -29', and. Stella R. Me-
C.ormlck,.20,..both of Ukiah; Robert 3.
Ke'im, ovex. 21. Los Angeles; : and Ma.be!
O.' Burris, over 18, Oakland; John- ate-"
dlofs, 21, and Mary Sw'artz. 17,' both of
Oakland; John FurtaSo, 25. .Oakland,
and Josie .Rose. IS, IrvJngtonT ' . .
v. Marriage- Ltcensas.
". LQS: GATOS-^JJec. li-f-Tii? •aftejTtoo.n
freight ¦strUcKiand Hilled an.- unljribVn.
riiari ' while' -roundjng-'a'shayp "curve *'"
shoift distance ab^e'Ailma to-day. 'Tna
"trki.h was ijrtjriflifljg'atiftar^ usual". ra - te PZ
speed, .but ' .the ;charp- " curve" . «n<f .' the"
heavy' grade that poiht "inaae It In?-'
.possible for the. englneeV to* Jstop-:un{U
the-" .man bad . been Struck. ; i ' • •' . : . ¦ • •' : "•
• The. nia& >as : miid'dle.-aged r --dxe.ssed
in. working ; clothesY, arid,' th». only, clew*
tqi his", identity "thus iar 'discovered ¦ are
sonie' papers : belli jig- .ih&[ \nim.e. of
Fi-aiik'- Jobet,-', found- ' In- one of . his
pockets.- Ko" person' of -. that, name is
known '.in ;;thl9.-.vic'inity.';'. Aii -tniiuest
will l>e held, this eyeing- at. : th(s j)la.ce.
¦ BseciAl iMBSJttch;- 1» ' Th«-"-OUt
Unknown L^t)prerS:iIl64
-on th^ Rails^.3^ear. . -.
7 : . -.*.¦ ••¦; •V':.Mma\";'':,' ; c : V":> :: '
• -A great, deal ;of "Interest was mant-
• festea "in the' announcement, of --the'
.Government's, policy/' which was read
by' Premier Giolitto." .¦ ' • " : -"' '"
Th.e ".Premier-. Bald— the- Government
would contlrrue. the policy of liberty;
which "was 'inaugurated when he was
Minister of the 1 Interior and Would in
augurate, an", era- pf social, economic
. an d • t inancial ;:rejC orms. -The negotla-_
tions' for the "renewal, of; commercial
*reaUe's. wltii Austria*! Germany, (Eng
land arid Switzerland would be on the
basis .ot : advantages- for- 'agriculture.
The" rate ."of. -interest -on Government
bonds "would .bejmme.diately- reduced.
The Government- was. prepared for a
simflar. redaction' ift; the. rate of Inter
est . of- the 5. per . cent-. 'bonds, -which
wou-ld. -effect 'a "saving-.- of J 8,000,000.
The proposjed-. legislation announced
Included measures to : -h"ave the rall
roads,'- if necessary, .put' under the' di
rection /of .the 'state; 1 a bill .for' fiscal
reforms -in the "sense of- having "pro
gressive .taxation, ."or taxes in propor
tion to -the weaith.:pf 'the", taxpayers;- a
bill pfoiidrng for-; the J abolition of
forced- domicile, .and a- bill making
Sunday an obligatory* da.y of rest-
Referring'. to fo.rcign relations, tfie
Premier. safd those of Italy with all or
the powers were o f lhe best, as proved •
by' .the- splendid.- receptions recently
accorded the Italian sovereigns" by
France and Great' Britain. ' *
It is expected that the Government
programme will-be .heatedly discussed
and thafa.vote- on the subject will be
taken Saturday.- ."'.*. *' ."." '
• ROME, D&c. l.^The new. .Cabinet
presented, itself to Parliament to-day.
A-bou't A 0.0- Deputies were present. '
OMAHA, Neb., Dec. .1.— Trie alleged
Illegal fencing of • several millions of
acres of Government land Dy extenslye"
cattle owners and ranchers of Western
Nebraska occupied the attention' of .the
Federal Grand Jury-, to-day. Several
prominent men, among them State and
United States officials, are said to-be
among thos« whose cases are under In
vestigation. Although not ' officially
grveh out, it Is said that one .extensfve
cattle owner and a .leader in the move
ment -to keep fences standing has al
j-eady been indicted. Thjs court," how
ever, refuses to make public the Indict
ment until arrests have been -tnaae." ..- ¦
For. several months the Government
has been collecting evidence argalnst'il
legal fencers, which is bei=ng laid." before,
the Grand Jury. .The '-cases to ."be.
brought to the .attention of the present.
Jury are those where notice" has been
served 'to remove fences and in which'
it has been fcfund, after the expiration
of the sixty days allowed by law, that:
fences are still standing. -Only those:
involving yei-y large tracts of land "are •
expected to be brought" to the;.attention~
of the Jury at this time.
It Is intimated that the Jands *ald. to :
be. illegally fenced in Western Nebraska
.approximate 7,000, dOO acres,- occupied, toy
between 700 and 800 ranchmen. ' Many .
of these men have as high as' 50,000
acres each and in a .few . instances as' :
much as 100,000 aqres. Some • have;
obeyjsd the ¦ injunction to remove their'
fences, but /these are less than one- :
tenth of the -entire number. - . "- .
• Va'rious pther charitable bequests
amounting Xo' about $30,000 'were made.
The =wlll may be Contested by Mrs.
Auerbach.
"• HELENA, Mont., Dec. 1.— The last
will and testament of the fate Henry
Klein, one of the wealthiest citizens of
Helena who died recently, was filed
• for probate in the District Court to
day. Louis Gans of New York and Ja'-'
cob Klein of San Francisco, the latter
a brother of the testator^ filing peti
tions" for letters testamentary, they
were named bs executors without bends
under the provisions of the will. By
the terms of the will about $175,000 of
the estate was bequeathed, a large sum
of money going to San Francisco rela
tives. 'It Is known that Klein's estate
¦vrill amount to about $500,000. V Accord
ing to* the jiro.visions of the will the
remainder not bequeathed is to be dl»
vjded- pro rata among the berieflclarles.
Mrs. L. Auerbach, a sister living at
San Francisco, is not mentioned.'
. The will was executed July 6, 1897,
shortly after the death of Klein's son
Leon./ tJnder its terms -$50,000 is be
queathed to Jacob Klein and in case of
his 'death one-half goes' to his widow,
the other Half to Sussman Klein, a
brother residmg. In Los- Angeles. The
following other bequests were- made:
Susmann Klein, brother, Los Angeles,
$10,000; Martha Kahn, niece, San Fran-'
Cisco, $10,000; Carrie Block, now de
ceased, $10,000, which, share will go to
her sister, Mrs. .Ka*hn; 'Samuel Block,
$5000; Harry Klein, Michael Klein, Mil
ton *Kfeln, nephews, Oakland, $5000
each;' .Minnie ' Klelrt, "= Oakland, • $5000;
Rose Asch, Helena, Klein's former
housekeeper, $25,000; Hebrew; Union
College, Cincinnati, $1000; St. Peter's
Hospital and 'the Methodist University
qf Helena, $5000 each; Temple Emanuel,
$2500.
Special D4epatch to The Call
Newi: Qabirie.t p Presents
Itself to. Members of
/.'-'-. y>7 Parliament^ •-.:•• -
federal Grand Jury I9
After Nebraska Cat-'
Will of the Late Henry
• Klein Is Filed for
• :" - Probate.
RANGE FENCES
MUST BE RAZED
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 1.— With scarcely
any "other -effect on the market than
an awakening of lively interest, 2,340,
000 bushels of wheat, representing a
cash value of about $3,000,000 at pres
ent prices, was sold on the floor of the
Merchants' Exchange to-day, to a syn
.dicate headed by Corwln F. Spencer.
The wheat, according to the report of
the Merchants' Exchange, Is In the
"regular" elevators and is the No. 2
red winter quality, sold on contract for
December delivery: The deal was par
tially handled with Chicago capital.
Armour's profits for to-day alon«
were $210,000, and his control of the
market Is absolute as ever. The price
to-day, under the load of wheat thrown
on the market, broke from 82 7-8 .cents
in December to 81 1-2 cents a bushel.
In the May cereal it fell from 81 5-8
cents to 80 1-2 cents.
CHICAGO, Dec. l.r-Ogden Armour
"scalped" and threw $.000,000 bushels
of wheat upon the market to-day,
clearing on every bushel a profit of at
least 3 1-2 cents. His brokers in Mil
waukee, Chicago, the. seaboard and
through the Northwest received selling
orders simultaneously and while tho
market, under his pressure, was at its
highest, Immense holdings were thrown
upon It, to be grabbed up at once by
the "shorts." * .
Special Dispatch to The Oali
TRAIN HURLS
MAN TO DEATH
The condition of only' two "of them",
the unknown Mexican and J. W. Blyt
continued serious to-day and the- latter
i? steadily improving. The Mexican is
at the Sisters' Hospital, suffering from
concussion of the brain, and is unable
to give his name. He was ridkigf on
the rear platform; of. the forward car
when the crash came and was hurled
bodily through the car door. The re-
covery of all the oth«r'r victims Is as
sured. . _ ¦ " v-^; ."^ ' • '
The cause of the wreck was the dense
fog which made It Impossible for. the
motorman of the Whittler car to"' see
two car lengths ahead. .Owing to this"
fog the Long Beach" car had : lost time
all the way to the city. The Whittler.
car reached the Junction at an hour
when, according to schedule, the other:
car should, have "been several miles
nearer town, "when, in fact, it had
pf seed the Junction only a tevr min
utes before,. When It stopped to take
on passengers' the Whittler car crashed
into n. • • '. -¦."•••'";¦
One of the most pathetic Incidents
of; tbe wreck -was the experience of
Charles Fa"ll of .1440 Essex street- Ho
was returninz' from Whittler and was*
severely Injured about the legs, but was
able to Walk.. When he reached- Los
Angeles he. hurried home,' fearing- that'
news of thg -wreck had preceded .him.
As he hobbled into .his house he'sav."
that something was the matter . there.
•Then his family .told "him' that his ID-'
year-old .Jjon had dropped dead of heart
dlsea'se' art laour" before, 'mr* Just about
the time that the wrwck' occurred.-.." . :
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 1.— It is now
believed that all of the victims of the
wreck on the Pacific Electric* Railroad
south of this city last night, when an
electric car of the Whlttler line crashed
Into a Lons 'Beach car, completely
wrecking both cars and injuring." fifteen
passengers, will recover.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ITALY'S POLICY
IS ANNOUNCED
To-day a .continuance of several
weeks -was granted in the divorce pro
ceedings. ' Princess Alice has taken
•quarters .at Birna,' near Dresden, where
rhe will soon be joined by her brother.
Prince. Jaime of Bourbon, who will tes
tify at the. next sitting of the court.
The plea of the Princess for a" divorce
is based on charges of bodily .injury
and Upon the forcible deprivation' of
ber lib.ert.j-. . It. is reported in Dresden
that "the- Princess speaks In' terms of
the greatest contempt" of Prince Fred
erick. It is alleged that she often was
compelled to lock him in his .room in
¦order to' prevent him. from contracting
.new debts which, she would have .to
pay. .. The Prince- and Princess were
married "by the present Pope while he
was x>atriar*ch . of .Venice; and the Prin
cess expects' that -the Pope will grant a
dissolution 'of the' "marriage. ¦ . ' -.
BERLIN, Dec. 1.— The divorce pro
ceedings of Princess Alice of Schoen
burg-Waldenberg against her husband.
Prince Frederick, began In Dresden
yesterday. The 'Princess returned frmn
Sort, near Genoa, In an aggressive state
of mind. She openly declared the Prince
was responsible for the shameful
charges made against her, and said her
husband was seeking revenge because
she "refused to continue paying his
debts. The Princess also threatens to
begin proceedings for calumny, claim
ing that the newspaper stories- of her
alleged elopement with a coachman
are traceable directly to Prince Fred
erick. . . • *
SISTER LIKELY
TO FILE CONTEST
BERLIN, Dec 1.— Artists of the im
pressionist school in Berlin, Munich.
Stuttgart, Dusseldorf, Karlsruhe and
Weimar have sent an answer to the
letter addressed to them by the Gen
eral Association of German Art Socle
ties at Dresden, refusing to come, to
terms relative to exhibiting at the St.
Louis Exposition. The impressionists
had decided not to exhibit at the St.
Louis Exposition, and the letter of the
general association called upon them
to reconsider their refusal to send
pictures. In their reply to the letter
the Impressionist branches of the asso
ciation say:
"We cannot subject ourselves to the
decision of a central Jury whose artistic
competency we dispute, and we protest
against the claim that the exhibit will
present a mirror of German art. We
demand that the German secessionists
be accorded the portion belonging to
them in view of their achievements.
Then we ylll send our best and -do
everythingfthat can be done by German
art to come out with honors in compe
tition with the nations.' 1
The secessionists are organizations of
artists of impressionist schools.
A writer in the National Zeitung calls
upon both parties to bury the hatchet
in order to secure a well-rounded Ger
man art exhibit at St. Louis.
Cleans Up a Tidy Sum and
Still Controls the
Situation.
Dense Fog the Cause of Acci
dent Which Hurt'Pas
sengers.
Kiniry has an aunt, Mrs. R. B. Loy
al, residing at.Vallejo. According to
Mrs. Loyal, the young .man worked
there at his trade for Contractor
Brovn • some eighteen months ago.
The aunt had been In correspondence
with her nephew after he and Gold
' stein came to Oakland. She had in
vited- them to spend Thanksgiving with
her, but they did not appear. Kiniry
was at Valiejo ten days ago and dis
played diamonds; Mrs. Loyal was as
tounded at the, revelations concerning
1 her .nephew, v ¦¦¦¦?.¦ j
* Kiniry's mother, now a Mrs. Watson,
resides at Toledo, Ohio.. . He has two
uncles in San Francisco, where he
went, to school at Sacred Heart Col
lege fpr a time.
Goldstein's father,- who ( formerly con
ducted the Brooklyn Hotel in East
Oakland, but now . resides at Gllroy,
has joined with- the mother, his dl
voTced wife, Mrs. K. Greiner, In pay-
Ing the fnneral expenses for the young
man. The funeral will not be held un
til after the inquest on Wednesday
evening:. Young Goldstein was born Jn
this city August 26, 1884.
By reason of the manner in which
Policeman Smith met death his rela
tives, after much persuasion, have con
sented that a committee of the young
patrolman's friends shall raise a testl- :
monlal fund in behalf of the aged
widowed mother, who leaned upon the
son for support. A mortgage of $2800
CQvers the home young Smith was
buying for his mother. After the ex
penses incidental to .'< his • death and
other bills have been paid little will re
main in the life Insurance money due
his mother as beneficiary. \'f
To the end that a suitable testimo
nial shall be raised, a committee com
posed of Eugene Van Court, Dr. H. B.
Kiniry filed, an application for mem
bership in the Young Men's Christian
Association on November 20, paying a
year's dues, $10, and receiving a mem
bership card. In his application he
gave the- name "David Kanary," and
recited that he was born September 13,
1881, in St. Louis, of French parentage
and of Catholic religion. To Robin
Buswell, assistant secretary of the as
sociation. Kiniry said he was a, car
penter. He desired only the privileges
of the gymnasium. ¦ He exercised daily
at the gymnasium until last Friday, the
day Policeman Smith was shot. Sev
eral times a young man, supposed to
have been Goldstein, accompanied
Kiniry to the association rooms.* In the
visitors' register the name "David.Kin
iry" appears under date of November
27, the day of the murder. Comparisons
of. the handwriting with that in the
note left at the Steadman residence for
Goldstein, after the shooting, bear out
the theory that Kiniry was the author
of the message to the pal whose deafh
was the penalty of evil association. ¦
FUND FOR MUS. SMITH.
two scraps of evidence that connect the
pair with the burglaries at the resi
dence-of .Mrs. George W. Morgan in
Berkeley and at William Bannan's
residence on Harrison street, this city.
Little Robert Morgan on Sunday
Identified Goldstein's body, as that of
the burglar he saw in his home the
afternoon the Morgan house was plun
dered. Mrs. Morgan to-day identified
as having been stolen at that time a
small silver locket that was among the
effects in the trunks. Mrs. Bannan
identified a pair of lipk gold cuff but
tons as belonging to her husband and
among the $1000 worth of jewelry srblen
from their residence. But not a trace
of the $4000 worth of valuables stolen
from the Thomas Crellln restdence has
been, brought to light. • v ,
The circumstantial evidence has al
ways been very strong that Goldstein
and Kiniry were the successful porch
climbers.' — -
After a thorough overhauling of the
two trunks that were left at the Stead
man residence by Goldstein and Kiriiry,
the police announce they have found
STOLEN JEWELRY' FOUND.
In the main elements of the case
painfully . lamentable failure is record
ed at every , turn.
Accuses Him of Cruelty and
of Depriving Her of*
Her Liberty.
Decline, to Come to Terms
With the Association of
Dresden Societies.
Deaths May Not Result
From Los Angeles
Collision. .
Throws 6,000,000 Bush
els Upon Eastern
Market.
Declares Her Husband
Is Responsible for
Her Persecution-
CELESTIAL SUITOR
SUES WHITE GIRL
"We .find that death , was caused by
hemorrhage from the portal vein/ re
sulting from a gunshot wound there
in; inflicted by one David Kiniry^ with
criminal intent, and we charge the said
David Kiniry with the crime of mur
der^"'signed—Charles W. Kohl, fore
man; W. H. Church, Lou Jones, D/W.
Sherman, Charles F. Reuter, A. J.
Flood, D. P. Adamson, Joseph J. Ra
cine, Fi E. Miller, H. W. Pulsifer.
"The day of the shooting I went out
hunting with Goldstein," said Stead
man, "returning during- the after
noonl About 6 o'clock that evening,
while I. was standing on the back porch
talking to Maury Miller, Goldstein and
Kiniry went out with their bicycles.' I
left some time afterward and went
downtown, where I heard about the
shooting. I followed the ' crowd . to
Fourteenth and Oak streets, where I
saw the body and noticed the colored
sweater. It looked like the same
sweater that Goldstein wore when he
was -hunting/ I went home at once and
looked in Goldstein's room to see If hid
sweater was there. It was gone, and
I was sure the man was Goldstein."
Here jurors pressed the boy to know
whether he- had examined- the body
closely and he replied he had only seen
the top of the head.
.' Steadman gave varying, reasons for
his sudden departure for home, leaving
a strong impression that some motive
stronger .than he was "willing to ex
plain prompted his sudden departure
from the scene of the murder.
Continuing his story to the jury
Steadman said: "I found the note on
the dining T room table that I gave to
the police and as soon as I was satis
fied that Goldstein was the -man I went
to Chief Hodgkins.-" .
Replying to questions, Steadman said
that when he returned home both the
front door and back door were" locked.
It is a fact that thp police found the
back door} open when they* arrived.
This points, • according to the Coroner's
theory, to the belief that Kiniry was
In' the house when the boy returned
from the scene of the murder, and that
he fled after the boy left the house the
second time." This theory appealed so
strongly- to the jury that one -juror
asked:
"Did you go to Kiniry's room?"
"No, sir," replied Steadman.
"Was Kiriiry in the room?"
"I don't know. 1 V^dldh't hear any
noise there," said Steadman. .:'.';
Other witnesses examined were Cap-,
tain 'If Police W. J. Petersen, Reeves
Baker,' Dwight L. Strong, Eugene Van
Court and Dr. O. D. Hamlln. The
jury's verdict was as follows:
Steadman, at the outset told about
the arrival, on November 16, at hl3
home of Kiniry and Goldstein, who
rented separate rooms. They had kept
good hours, coming and going, regu
larly.
. It was the belief of the Coroner's of
ficials that Steadman had been cau
tioned by some one to refrain from giv
ing certain evidence. For what pur
pose concealment was desired has not
been explained. A reason ' advanced
was the theory that Steadman had met
Kiniry at. the house after the crime
had been committed, and was unwilling:
to make that fact public. Coroner
Mehrmann has ordered Steadman to
appear to-morrow evening at the in
quest in the case of Goldstein. ' .
QUESTION BOY CLOSELY.
Mehrman, A. P. Leach, W. J. Hennes
sey and Judge George Samuels, haa
taken charge. Subscriptions will be
received at the Central Bank and at
all of * the Oakland newspaper offices.
Governor 'Pardee will be requested to
offer a reward In the name of the State
for the capture of "Kiniry.
David Kiniry was accused by a Cor
oner's jury to-night of the murder of
Patrolman James H. Smith. Chief
among the witnesses called at the In
quest by Coroner Mehrmann was
young Steadman. He was subjected' to
a rapid-fire cross examination by the
jurors, who declared their belief that
they were not satisfied that the young
man had told all he knew concerning
the case. ';!,
MATINEE MAIDEN
TAKES A BICYCLE
work on Hodgkins' -part that the Grove
sfreet residence was uncovered. It was
not superior, intelligent digging of a
master mind in criminal trailing that
gave the knowledge to Hodgkins. It
was the quick-witted 'a'ctlon of young
Ross Steadman that opened the way
which, unfortunately, was blocked be
cause Chief ot Police Hodgkins was
not quick enough to. head off the man
that he charges with shooting to death
one of the bravest young policemen
thut ever stood between criminals and
citizens' lives and property.
Steadman. heard of the shooting with
in a very few minutes after it occurred.
He heard that the dead Goldstein wore
a peculiar sweater. - Something prompt
ed him to hasten to the Morgue. There
he identified the body, but held his own
counsel until he could get the ear. of
the Chief of Police.. Steadman realized
how essentially important was his in
formation. Then was the time for ac
tion. Then was the .moment when
Hodgkins might have saved himself
from being forced to acknowledge an
ignominious failure and defeat in this
lame pursuit of David Kiniry.
And in the face of this situation po
licemen keenly interested In the hunt,
doubly concerned because a fellow of
ficer had been slain, were compelled -to
go to the public sources of information
— the press — hours afterward foe this
all-essential clew. There the four days'
record stands. 1 Saturday, Sunda-y, Mon
day and Tuesday have come and gone,
yet Chief of Police Hodgkins has not^
strengthened his position in the cam-*
paigm in one single particular. The best
that he has accomplished Is to trace
Kiniry's antecedents' to some extent,
and this was accomplished by means
of documents that fell into the police
hands -as manna from heav.en. . .
STEADMAN . GAVE TIP. .
It was not to any clean-cut, clever
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. l.\
Chief of Police St. Clair^ Hodgkins
lias allowed another . twenty-four
hours to pass without getting a trace
of the man he has accused of the foul
murder of Policeman James H. Smith.
His detectives have been compelled
to work in the dark in no slight de
gree because of the astounding meth
ods that prevail in the handling of
criminal cases by Oakland's police
Chief. -It is a fact that at least one
of the police • detectives assigned by
Chief of Police St. Clair Hodgkths to
duty on the Smith case was not in
formed by that .official of ¦ the resi
dence in Oakland of Goldstein and
Kiniry, although Hodgkins had that
information in his possession less than
two hours after Smith had been mur
dered. . ¦ ¦
Essential as it was that the police
should be apprised with all possible
diligence of the fact that the men
had a hiding place in this city, Hodg
kins, for some unaccountable reason,
not only withheld this important fact
from nearly every patrolman in the
department, but included in his list a
detective officer who was supposed to
be exerting efforts to catch the fugi
tive murderer.
That David Kiniry, now in full
flight, had ample time to elude pur
suers, get to the Steadman house at
1362 Grove street, write a letter to
Goldstein- and then easily make~hls
escape" after- helping himself to such
articles as he could carry away, is no
surprise in view of the astonishing
revelations concerning the Hodgkins
plan of criminal catching. /
TO nine out of ten of the members
of the Oakland Police Department the
newspapers furnished the details and
not alone details, but general knowl
edge of the murder that should have
been imparted that night broadcast by
Hodgkins. " By what process of men
tal gymnastics Chief 'of Police Hodg
kins conceived the idea that secrecy
was to be practiced, even to the extent
of excluding working detectives from
knowledge of clews, has not been fath
omed. • .
Ross Steadman Gives His Testimony and Is Closely Cross Questioned,
Impression That He Is Trying to Conceal Something Filling Jurors— r
Chief Hodgkins Usinig Best Efforts to Capture Man Who Eluded Him
Impressionists Refuse to
Send Pictures to Ex
position.
ARMOUR UNLOADS
WHEAT HOLDINGS
WRECK VICTIMS
ARE RECOVERING
GERMAN ARTISTS
MAY NOT EXHIBIT
PRINCESS ALICE
IN ANGRY MOOD
CORONER'S JURY FINDS THAT KINIRY
MURDERED POLICEMAN JAMES SMITH
THE SA^ FRANCISCO 'CALL, WEDNESDAY,- DECEMBER ¦ , 2, • 1903.
BERLIN. p«c. 1.' — The total figures in ' the
German budeet for 1004 dhow : proposed expen
diture* aggregating: 2.430,735.004 marks, an In
crease .of 43,706,002 marks' over i3C3. .-.•¦¦•
NEW YORK, Dec. 1.— David Jones
was arrested to-day,' as he was leaving
a vessel that had Just docked as a fugi
tive from Justice; charged with the em
bezzlement of .$60,000 ' at- Llanwerst,
Denbighshire, Wales. y 'A :
Welsh Fugitive Arrested.
NEW YORK, Dec. 1. — Howard
Courtenay ;Lowerie, 66 years of . age,
an accomplished and highly educated
musician, said to have once been well
known in the West as a band leader,
is dead in this city. He had long been
ill and expired suddenly in a Blecker
street eating-house.
Sodden Death of a' Musician/*""
SALT LAKE, Dec. 1.— Mrs. 'Aurora
Hodge, , ttie young j woman awaiting
trial for % the murder , of \Willlam ' X.
Ryan in this city, last July, died in the
Holy Cross Hospital to-day from -the
effects of , on , operation performed; ojj
Sunday, night. Mrs. Hodge's home was
atDenison, Iowa. A few months ago
she ; startled the police ; authorities of
Grand* Rapids, Mich., . by appearing at
the_, police headquarters -in .that ,j> city
and announcing that she -wished" to be
arrested for, the ; murder of a "man In
Salt. Lake. ;At her preliminary, trial In
this city, however, , she entered a plea
of Triot- guilty.- . -..'/% ¦ * '* " ' ¦ '" .
¦:;:: r - ¦ ¦ ;•¦:¦¦' '¦ -> ¦
Death ,>f Alleged .Murderess.
: BUTLER, Pa.^ Dec. 1.— The typhoid
(ever epidemic, shows no signs of
abatement. One death and five new
cases 'were , reported to-day. _ Thirty
four nurses have 'arrived from other,
cities and "the Y offer, of the railroad
companies to transport doctors, nurses
and < domestic i help s to Butler free has
been* accepted by Mayor -Kennedy.
4
. i . ,._.j - ¦. « i- - ¦ ni t
Open S6res j
. can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of :
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this marvelous germicide* which
allows Nature to build up healthy
tissue.
•Absolutely harmless.
Used and indorsed by. leading
physicians everywhere.
When npt at your druggisf s, sent •
prepaid on receipt o£, postal note
tor 25 cents for trial bottle. «
Star
iil "o Prince Street, New York.ANACONDA, Mont, Dec. 1.— News
comes from Mrs. Phoebe Hearst that
the municipality of Anaconda : will be
tendered as a gift the library building
and grounds upon which the free read
ing-rooms are situated. The Anaconda
library building, including building and
contents, has cost Mrs. Hearst • nearly
$75,000. In point of ; construction , the
building is one of the very finest within
the State, -/•^il£f
Intends Giving Anaconda Library
Building and Grounds on Which
It Is Situated. .
MRS. PHOEBE HEARST WILL
TENDER A VALUABLE GIFT
Relative of a Mayor
Narrowly Escapes •
Death. i
WOMAN JUMPS
FROM A BUGGY
VESSEL'S SPARS
NEAR THE SEA
German Ship Has Peril
. ous Voyage in a,
Hurricane.
Confesses Murder of a Girf.
MACON, Mo.. Dec. 1.— A young man
who "declares 'he is ..Frederick- Strobe,
wanted .'at . Havana. 111., on the charge
of having killed Alice" Hennlger, sur
rendered to the police here to-day. He
said he struck . Miss Hennlger ' with a
hammer because .she laughed at him
when he pressed her to marry him.
horse had run seven blocks. Her skirts
caught, and she was dragged twenty
flye feet beneath the buggy. Her head
and face. were cut and bruised and she
received injuries to her left side.-
The horse took fright at the whist
ling of a locomotive, wheeled around
sharply and dashed up the main* busi
ness street of Redding. Several; futile
attempts were made to stop the run
away. • "- .* .
Mrs. . Ray .Merrill and Miss Addle
Merrill are well known in local, society.
They. are. both prominently identified
in both church and fraternal circles.
Pen troubles disappear when you get
a fountain pen that fits your hand. Hav
ing all kinds, we'ean fit any hand. Prices
from $1 to $5 each-. San born. Vail & Co.,
741- Market street, selling- agents for the
"Waterman." "Regal" and the "Marshall"
fountain pens. ' ' •
VICTORIA, B. C. Dec. 1.— The Ger
man ship Alsternlxle, which arrived to
day from Tsingtau. had a trying time
on November 10 In a hurricane encoun
tered 165 west 43 north.
The big ship was thrown on her
beam ends for* twenty-four hours, her
ballast shifted and her spars were
within four feet of the sea. She lost
some sails and had one boat smashed.
The deck was flooded.
After seme time the crew managed
to bring the 'ship up to the wind and
then she had a big: starboard list. She
was in the hurricane for five days.- Af
ter the ballast was shifted sho sus
tained no further damage.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 1.— Archbishop
J- J. Harty, en route to Manila to as
sume charge as head of the Catholic
church In the Philippines, stopped In
Kansas City to-day to visit friends. He
said: ¦
"I shall work In conjunction with the
United States Government over there
In many ways. I have no definite plans
formulated, however. I shall lay out
the plans for my work after * I learn
what there Is to be done there. I am
going ' there ' to put In my life working
in the Philippines. I am not going to
stay a r while and resign."
ARCHBISHOP HARTY WILL
ASSIST THE GOVERNMENT
Says He Will Work in Conjunstion
With the TTnited States in the ..
Philippines.
;.;.JMASON "CiTT, Neb.-. Dee. ",l^In a.
=col!f£i<5n ';. be.t^'ee|n: two., sections" Of. a
¦freipii.t "traifl' on. tn.e' Burlington Rail
road : R/ E. Larkin, : a " stockman' of
35rEfeh, "C.ojo.,."and- Tajojnas.. Dye of'/Eu'-'
g^ne.'Or.-, w.'ere kjiledl ". " ' '¦ :. ' "-' ."
.TWo Killed in a. Wreck.
¦ CHICAGO, "Dec. l^Detective Joseph
D.riscoli; who. -was shot, in the battle In
Indiana wifh the three carbarn bandits,
djed- tb-dajv In- hte confession tp the'
police "Peter Neidermeier 'admitted that
he- shot"- DrIscoH : - as the .latter sprang
upvbn.= the- railroad .track nea-r. t^ie- dug
out. "*•-•; :*•*.;" : '• "I : ;'
"VicXUA of Young Bandita Dies.
:;§ta?.;f<).rd university-,. Dec; ££¦
The re-ports .that, have' lately been : .cin-|
cula'tiruj; In -regard to; the ; pifSliatiea of
.t3Ke.-Coo.per-' Medical • College of = San
;Fr^ijci?CQ-witn Stanford University, are
:ecjphatlcall3r denied by the uhiversity
•ia.uth'dri ti-es-. here:.- • ¦-. •' •'«
Stafijprd Authorities Deny Report^
The United States stands ready to
extend its good offices' to effect a set
tlement between Colombia and Pan
ama, but with this exception it is not
interested in, nor can It consider, any
proposal from Colombia regarding the
Isthmus. General Reyes has been ad
vised of this by Dr. Herran and It re
mains for him to say what will be his
course here In view of this development.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.— Dr. Herran,
the Colombian Charge d'Affaires, called
at the State Department to-day for the
first time in many weeks for the pur
pose, he said, of Informing Secretary
Hay of General Reyes' arrival here, of
the object of his mission and to pay a
friendly call upon the Secretary. Dr.
Herran was advised of the exact atti
tude which the Washington Govern
ment will assume toward the special
envoy. If General Reyes Is pleased to
meet the State Department ofllcials on
the ground fixed by them and for the
purpose which they named, the ar
rangements of peace terms between
Colombia and the new republic of Pan
ama, he will be- cordially received.
Otherwise his visit to the department
will be fruitless and ' nis mission to
Washington a failure.
Cannot Hope to Change State Depart
ment's Attitude.
REYES' FUTILE- MISSION.
SANTO DOMINGO, Dec.;'-1.—Presi
dent Morales has assumed- charge of
the- provisional JGoverrimerit that was
established a few days ago : to succeed
the G6vernment' of the deposed PresU
dent Wos y Gii. '• ' . • . ;" '•;>:
.Anothe.r revolution has tu-Qken out on
the south side of- the island. .
Insurgent Victpry Over y Gil
Does Not Brin^ Peace '¦ to the
Republic. ; ;
ANOTHER REVOJ^UTIQil ' .
. . IN SANTO POMINGO
•' SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. : L—Govern
'JR.ent \agerits-. in this" city have for the
jtast-'.^eelf *?een .endeavoring to char-.
tier-^.yesiel for the- transport service to
r'un '.to ' .Guam. They have inspected
pfvenal: of the large Name boats =and..
"it-: Is/un-derstood, have 'passed, favor
ably. -on:«ne. : : " '/?'_ ' '" ... ' ' .•¦•..*
Ag-ehts Seek " If ew Transport.
A successful fight was made against
the adoption of the initiative" r and refer
endum, one . of- the nine; proposed
amendments to the city charter, the sa
locm m.en making an organized fight
against it. as it was declared to be a
move in f^vor of anti-salopn legisla
tion. • . :
¦SA_N"TA BARBARA. Dec, 1.— George
S. Ed-Uard ; re-elected Mayor of
.Santa- Barbara to-day by ah ove'r
whelmihg majority. Henley 1 C. Booth
was re'-e*ecte£ City Attorney by a ma
jority of about 200. C. O. Garrctson, N.
D. • Smith, C E. ' Lataillade. C. H.
Dodge, J. Will Smith, Peter Poqle, F.
F. fierce "will compose the City Coun
cil. . s . .;
The Mayoralty and many of the other
offices ' were stubbornly contested. In
the esitly days of the campaign" the
onion labor lines were closely drawn,
but local complications so" changed the
genera j. aspect that the division be:.
tw«en the labcr and capital forces was
almost: wholly ignored. '-¦- '¦¦?¦ -.7 '¦'¦•
George S. Edward Re
; elected by a Great
; '.. • ;; Majority.
"The gracious and kind expression
you have given of the good will of the
Government of his imperial Majesty
toward the new republic w,IH not fail
to touch deeply the Governmenr and
people of Panama.
"I wish that the first pronounced,
sentiment at the beginning of the of
ficial relations between the empire of
Germany and the republic of Panama
shall convey to your Government, In
the name of mine, our ardent wish for
the prompt recovery of the precipus
health of his Majesty. The people of
Panama will join in the expression of
this sentiment with all those who ad
mire his wise, humane, pacifying and
therefore Christian and civilizing
policy." .
WASHINGTON, bee. 1.— In his letter
to Minister Bunau-Varilla, formally
notifying him of the recognition of the
republic of Panama by the German
Government, Baron von Dembusch, the
Charge d'Affaires of the German em
bassy here, concludes:
"The Government of his Majesty'ex
presses the most sincere wlsheF for the
prosperity and success of the new re
public, and hopes that friendly rela
tions will always exist between it and
the German empire."
Minister Bunau-Varilla, In his ac
knowledgment of the communication
from the Baron says:
From Bunau-Varilla.
Friendly. "Words Bring Effusive Reply
KAISER'S GREETING.
V BERLIN. Dec. 1.— American "Jews are
.rb longer permitted to cross "the Rus
-"Eian/" frontier- -without a. special permit
In'. each .case ."'from* M. von-Plehwe t the.
Russian" Interi.br Minister." Most Amer
icans, travel to Rtissia by way of Ger
many, The. practice until the last two
weeks was. for the Russian Consal Gen-,
feral' here t» 'vise the Jews' passports
:i:p6n ' feceiving a statement of their
purpose.' to .-visit". Russia and that Xheir
stay, 'there, was to' be temporary. . .
• .' A ' /reputable •„ Jew of San Francisco
_:br airing a letter .from the State Depart
ment a.t : "\Vashih2to:i was assured
the- Russian -consulate general, here* that
'.he-cou-'^i.not be admitted" to Russia now ,
without a special o.rdor from". Minister
yonv^ehvre. The "Russian ; 'embassy
ciide'.- /the! -same "statement. An -order
?ya$ /obtained.- ultiniately from M.-'von
¦Pie"H-we through 'the American emtrassy
'.ajt.'St:-;P.etersbu*s. This new restricrion
Xf.'-an ¦¦¦e'xtehsion-oT the policv initiated
; t^;"ihi;. -recent withdrawal of the". vise
piytv.ers from" the Russian consulates in
America! • -i*. ¦¦'.-. ' \ • ." ' .1
Will K"ot Penait Them, to Cross Fron
"•": itief "With-out 6. Pertnit From . "
:• , " • - • "Minister "ton Pleh^re, '
BITSSL&. • '
•" EH"tJTS 1 OUT .AJSIEBICAU JEWS
Senator Morgan then includes In his
resolution the two plans for canals, to
gether with estimates for the salaries
and compensation of officers and em
ployes; and for animals, vessels or
other necessary equipment. The report
shows that $15,000 remains of the sum
appropriated for canal surveys.
.. Provision is made that the Commit
tee on . Inter-oceanic Canals examine
and report on all matters referred to in
In the preamble Senator Morgan di
rects attention to the expenditures of
the Isthmian Canal Commission up to
the date of its final report to the Pres
ident, as' stated In a report from the
Secretary of State, dated January 9,
1903.
The second resolution introduced by
Senator Morgan provides for reference
to' the Committee on Inter-oceanic
Canals of the plans for government of
the canal, adopted by the Inter-oceanlc
Canal" Commission, and for a review of
the accounts and plans of' the commis
sion. It asks the committee to decide
between the pla-ns for a canal sub
mitted in reference to both the Pana
ma, and Nicaragua routes.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1.— Senator
Morgan to-day introduced resolutions
authorizing the Committee of Inter
oceanic Canals to investigate the part
alleged to have been taken by the
trans-continental railroads in the isth
mian canal affair, and also to inquire
into the plans of the Inter-ocean canal
commission.
The preamble to Senator Morgan's
first resolution called attention to as
sertions in public journals, "represent
ing public opinion and exercising lead
ing influences In the great political
parties of the United States," that
trans-continental railroad companies
have opposed the public policy of the
United States in respect to the ratifi
cation of the Hay-Herran treaty. It
declared that the railroads are ob
structing the full and complete execu
tion of the duty and the policy of the
United States, as declared by act of
Congress as approved June 28, 1902,
providing for the construction of a
canal connecting the waters of the At
lantic and Pacific oceans.
The resolution provides that the
Committee on Pacific Railroads is em
powered and authorized to make care
ful inquiry into the facts on which
such charges are made and report the
testimony and the findings of the com
mittee to the Senate.
Introduces Two Canal Resolutions in
the Senate.
MORGAN MAKING TROUBLE.
'•• ¦•brS'PM.UII?. Dec. 1.— Overindulgence
. "tri : ii.^uer.* oause<i the first homicide in
••;th:s':tr^oufttairi.town. C. H. MeKenzie
• •£?)£¦ John " Enhoff were on the "streets
! '""-Iijsre a-t..l2 o"clock last night and began
: /quaTrelirrg. " Mcjf eiriie.-drew a pistol -and
¦ -<i"re.d -at- Enhoff. "The- blillet entered, be-'
:.;i[c withe ear cm the "left side of th'e neck,
'.-.'irftiilied Jiirn almost instantly.
;'¦ .-There, were no witnesses to the tra-g
rrdy.'.but the-rej>ort attracted 1 a few
¦"Ftrso.ns.-"frora. : hear*7y saloons. All that
. -y.as/seen 'wasVthe body of Enhoffi As
'¦te:'and : MoKenzie had been eeen" to
.- pether; Mclf enzie .was followed, to his
' : room -In- the Gongw.er block, where .an
i; '<3f^cerfqdn4 him-, in bed-- Upon .exani
- ;5nir.g. fiis- clotting* a double-barreled re
>.Vply*er .was"f: discovered. In it was an
shel] and 'a loaded cartridge. The"
' = rnah : . was. " rut " under arrest, but was
¦••a-ilo'wed' to- remain .'.in bed. He 'told the
. '.cipcer .he • "liaS- .stiot " "£>ld Sport," " the
; ri}Vknaiie;bj-. which. Enhoff. was known,"
;¦ 2>ut only- wanted, to ?c9xfe' and nat" to
:' jb'urt'.hiin.- '." ¦ ...•:'" • ' . . | -r ¦
/'/Mciyepzie afterward" . tried- to take"-
V {strychnine.-: but '.was prevented. The
•Gortoher aid. P"i5trict. Attorney, both at
; -iVreka; w£fe .'notified . and will arrive
.; l;"er'e in the. morning. •¦" . =• . . .."."""
?:^T|ffrjriif?CI?9 *T*S a well-known charac
; Wr. hereabouts sirice the early. '.SO's. . He
¦ Ji.a'd been a' stoneiriason under the "late
;.\jitrrie$ jSfc'obie. : of the Southern Pacific
'¦'¦for- "'¦yevsi -and. Had also been p'rospect
;'iftg '^i<i iriiriiiTg- He recently. received
"-'•tdnsiderjible mciriey from Europe. ".
thypatch .to Tb* Call
'COLON, Dec. 1. — The steamer City of
"Washington, from New York, halving
on board the canal treaty, arrived at
Colon .to-day. Sehor Esprilla, the Min
ister of Foreign Affairs of the republic
of Panama, arrived here from Panama
last night and the treaty was turned
over to him. He then boarded the
train for Panama, taking the treaty
with. "him. It will be signed to-morrow.
The United States cruiser Atlanta
and the auxiliary cruiser Mayflower ar
rived here last night. The United
States cruiser Nashville reached this
port early to-day. The .United States
battleship Maine and the auxiliary
cruiser .Dixie also are here.
¦ COLON, Dec. 1.— Owing to the decree
o'f the Government of the department
of Bolivar refusing clearance papers to
vessels sailing for Colon, the royal
.mail steamer La Plata has transferred
the portions of her cargo destined for
Cartagena and Savanilla to another
steamer at Kingston, Jamaica, and has
modified her itinerary. The vessel
sailed for : Port Limon this afternoon
and will not call at either Savanilla or
Cartagena. The steamship agents
have already received private advices
that the Government of Bolivar is not
likely much longer to enforce the de
cree.
SANTA BARBARA
ELECTS A MAY OR
. LOS ANGELES, Dec. 1.— By a series
of clever, forgeries and the exercise of
greater. cleverness- in his successful ef
forts to pass the bogus paper, a well
dressed stranger has made several
hundred dollars In this city during the
past three days by -his ability to imi
tate "the signature of E. J, (Lucky)
¦Baldwin'. • .
i Yesterday there passed through the
'Clearing-house six* of these checks,
ranging" in amounts from $1.0 to 545,
and. -to-day a number of others were
presented at the various banks.
" The forger is not partclular as' to
.the bank upon which he draws the
-check and- on no two.' of them is the
name of. the' same payee used. His
.victims, have been principally saloon
keepers and wholesalers, but they do
¦npt'.agree aa to the man's description.
•Some cf them- give such contradictory
descriptions . that the police do hot
'know .what manner of .man to search
for arid in order to prevent further suc
cessful .forgejies they to-night made
.the -matter public as a warning to mer
chants.. : • . • . ' y." " "i
Special .Dispatch to The Call
3. That the committee inquire and report
whether any expenditures have been made for
or by the Isthmian Canal Commission since it
made lta retort to the President on November
16,' 1901. and If such expenditure** have been
made, to ascertain and report the Items there
of and when and by whose direction the same
rvere made.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. Dec. 1.— A semi
official announcement to-day is to the
effect that' the retirement of President
George* W. McMurty from the Ameri
can Sheet Steel Company, which wiU
take place within a few weeks, is to be
followed by the organization of a large
independent sheet steel . concern, with
McMurty at its head. One of the active
officers of the new company will be
Voyl Preston, who recently resigned
from the office of third vice .president
of the United States Steel Corporation.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Dec. 1.— The
rates on finished export steel were to
day reduced 33 1-3 per cent between
Cleveland and the East; also between
all the iron and steel producing centers
and the seaboard. The aim of this re
duction is understood to enable steel
makers to go into the foreign markets
in opposition to foreign steel producers.
the report, and also on the following
questions:
1. 'Whether the plan of government and ad
ministration of an isthmian canal, as set forth
in the commission's plan. Is wise and economi
cal and worthy of adoption, and In what re
spects, if any, it should ! be amended, and to
report such a plan for the consideration of the
Senate as will, in the opinion of the commit
tee, be wise, safe and economical.
2. That they will inquire and report whether
it is necessary in order to establish the axial
line of location for^an isthmian canal either on
the Panama or the Nicaragua route to make
a further survey cf either or both routes and
the acproximate cost of such surveys* Includ
ing thp use of maps or surveys heretofore made
by the Panama Canal Company.
Worthless Paper Passes Into
¦- the Southern City's
Clearing- House.
First Homicide -in Town of
¦".""¦; •^."¦•¦/'bansmair Causes :
',; .' ; .'; :; -a Sensation. . • •
Railroads Lower Rates to tne
Seaboard on Trust's
Product.
Decree Closing Ports Prove3
Disastrous to Depart
ment of Bolivar.
Prisoner Says He Fired
at Companion to
\ ¦ : Scare Him. . :
Dealers in Los Angeles
; Take Checks of a
•• • Stranger. ; .
Panama Officials Will
To-Day Ratify the
Agreement. .
George McMurty Is to
Head Independent
Concern.
TRAGEDY ENDS
THEIR QUARREL
FORGER GAINS
COIN OF BANKS
CANAL TREATY
REACHES COLON
STEEL COMPANY
MAY HAVE RIVAL
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER -2, 1903.
REDDING, Dec. 1.— Mrs. Ray Merrill,
wife of one of the proprietors of the
Merrill stables, and Miss Addle Merrill,
daughter of A. Merrill, Mayor of Red
ding, -were seriously Injured In a run
away In Redding to-day at noon..
Miss Merrill was thrown from the
buggy and struck her head on one. of
the wheels. A rear wheel passed over
her body. No bones were . broken, but
she was seriously injured, probably In
ternally."
Mrs. Ray Merrill Jumped after: the
JBHH£JBMB£nlflL£MMnrtBBBnnMHnHB
Special Dispatch to Tne Call.
5
: :_^;-:v ; _';_ \['^l j /_' j jj^j ij_-PS^!ll^^^ E^ pills. • ¦
pqBcnnDa2riacEsagiiBngpeananE:Gq a i nptfB nBgeggBnBBaaBBBaaBEBaBnggBni5BHHi
j f!: - • . ? ' ; -. ; •¦•-. ".-..!_ ¦-.:.¦- .' ".:•':" • ; — - -¦ . ;..' -. ..; r ~^ T~ T T" <
IWS§ : ' : Sail Francisco Backs ¦
° T^-r^BM^^^- 2\Io.st -San Francisco people have bad backs.
S SK-^-fifflTOL Sortlie - suffer severely from backache pains, others have attacks that harass,
B §B§Rf}£'?J annoy, but hot serious'. Many jgrievous mistakes come through back
B . i // ne g" ect - The apparent weakness which causes every little strain on the back,
i " - SSfiPSB ft . ever * ; co ? d) cvery exertion to hrin S backache pains, is a tell-tale warning from
¦ ' iS^Bkl>- thC kidne - :s> The kidn^y s a r e overworked, they become congested, and if you"
i l£y '£*fl& d ° nOt relieve tnenl > urinary disorders follow— Diabetes — Dropsy— B right's
a fflF 9^9 Disease. Doan's Kidney Pills not only cure the backache, bat cure the kid-
B ' ?<i;<^- neys.qf every complication that attacks them. ¦
I .9. ' — : ' '¦ " : — 9 • A Trial Free
1 San Francisco Proof ' tosanfbahciscocallreaders^
i |:l o. ;" - • • • ' - j . '^jj^LA.L ¦ v^l
u B. Edgecomb of 934 Mission st. says: "I knew from the Bl EgjeS^I Kidney^^k
rj condition and the action of the secretions from my kidneys that frH Jrj^J Pi7/s^pl|llj
§ those organs were not doing" their work completely or as satis- W^^KtwwcSS!**
g factorily as I wished. I tried different medicines, but without 'fWmmn SmnmrxSiW
a any effect or if. any it i%as so unappreciable that I could not wawe — — ; ..
§ notice it: It was different with Doan's Kidney Pills. They do *'° : — — — .
g not act on the bowels, but act directly upon the kidneys, sooth- «t*tk- —^_ __ —
3 ing, strengthening and purifying them so that they perform ro««-simiarnoo^Buff«to.K.T. < *!S^&^
¦ . ° -° .. •¦•-¦,..- I • 1> * oe H tawaaomax, wrttm ruHrtm on t«p». ,
B their functions properly. : y»— i».:... |
) ' ,^ 3LE EMP P B ! IT:rM I THE EB " E>OB y Tnt '_'___ _".
'Belter to shop, mornings during the bejore-Christmas rush.. •' -
CtOOdl LclCe Special sale goods ordered by mail or FlllplltO '
telephone will not be sent C. O. D. tut: ***-*•***.
Curtains SI' 00 I — : — ' mtagets
100 pairs only of really • jV^ jO^ !> | p | ' F/7/ b f- ker6 \ bitt *
handsome Lace Curtains, k-^/25 C ' £?>ff/ 'A%f*rf J '& '1 ' fff J ew d ay S longer.
net center, Grecian bor- &^\^ M MMlSW &Sm*4&ff& They are the ' StT;all-
der, cither ecru or white; California-s largest-^^^^^^^j^^ 11 est Peoble livings
pair. . . . .. $imOO '^i'lflHw^"" 8 ' 'ameriCa-s grandest store, Daily, io to 12 and 2. to j.
Holiday Sates Sterling Silver Novelties 17 o
f Hi) j] Hundreds of dainty manicure and other useful ar-
ki o /lV ! J tides with silver handles i n. the pretty beaded pat-
v (0) )( /I \ j J erfl 1 * is s0 popular with people of taste — an
If nil $l\ Jf\i assortment consisting of nail files, shoe buttbners,
\ 11 1 /J \1 S hair curlers, tweezers, shoehorns,, tooth and nail
/ft 1 /I I I brushes, darners, rolling blotters, cajl bells, f^Ff%
I ll B (1 )^ S etc * On s P ecial sale in the main aisle to-day only .... * • *^
J \jl V ai» W\j ¦ Our large Holiday Circular illustrates, describes' and gives
#¦_ our department store prices for many beauti}ul gijt articles in
solid silver. . " . . : ' • :
Holiday Glove Sale, $1.5O Kind $1.OO
Only 600 pairs of those fine quality imported Glace Gloves -are ready for to-day's selling. They are' '
the regular 51.50 Pique Gloves, in colors and black, and *,, - .
all sizes from 5}4 to 7. • . ~V >^^^ is: ~'\ <a * g f8ij
If you are planning to girs gloves for Christmas gifts this is an opportunity to secure *¦-- . # 9 1
High-Class Fine Glovss at cne-third less than their regular ralue. If you need _ ' . ' . — s— ¦.
glores for your own me come down and see-thsse ttv.s iff* 4T ffH 0T& ' .„ ' T~ T1
morning btfor; the assjrtmen: n broken. We guiranree g ff %j*lLM <^~p — Wn^^'t!*v\ ¦ -^
every pair, and to-day only they are - • — p»— •'*'•"¦ " ¦"'* "'."''' l> "' j- g;** *' • •
Main Aisle. >•'¦ : . ~~- 7T ~. ~~ '.
Vei/ J n £ s 1 G Z. I Sale of Doilies
Worth 2 So and 35c Yard o 44 . ¦ •
We took all that the jobber had of these choice novelty UatieitDergS atlti LlUCn ... ; ¦. . !
veilings, which will be on sale to-day only at an aver- To-day only, pretty Battenberg -doilies', hand
age of half regular price*. There are just the kinds made, some of them all lace, other? linen ceq-
. you want in the lot — plain black Tuxedo, b'ack dor- ter, in new and distinctive patterns, the -kind
ted Tuxedo and black and white mixed veilings, 25c that regularly retail 35c and 50c'each; Wadnes-
and 35c the yard kinds; Wednesday only fg*^ day .only . ' , 2Qc
•.••••• ****- Dainty Linen Doilies — With ."hemstitched centers and
fl+ain Aisle. f me linen lace all around. -suitable" for finger
" «,__,_ #*% nn g% am4 /•#««« bowls or small ornaments. ; All : of .'them 'are
oome 9*'UU UUT w/SSS stamped and ready to be embroidered- our reg-
Smelllng Bottles 98c ular 15c each— to-day as a holidav special. . 9o
Fine cut glass pnngents with solid silver .Roman- and fancy M&tn slisie.- . • . • ' ' T^S
gold topi, some with fancy stone settings. They are ' B m -* ; • m .
' worth up to $3.00 each. We hav? closed- out from &pS$nC$8&$M ' SiiltS \ '' ;, :?.\
the dealer a limned quantity at a price which enables • ir si ¦ a * #* «. •' •"•••* " *
u, to say, Wednesday only, your choice ag * :" Vo!Ie and Uoo RobeS > . ;
for , :.".,. . vOv We are showing a very large and comp'reheniJTe assart-.
Candle Sticks — Some dainty ones in the sweli' ment of fashionable ipangled robes. The full en: sleeve*,
Co.onial styles, in the pretty French gray finish, are very tIlc P*nel front, the flounce, the skirt yoke," arc in all our
specially priced, each ... ....... 25t2 P attefns - Positively the- best quality of spangle*. cnW
, r ...... ••*!* Pricei for complete robes, - ' \ ' . ..
Main Aisle. ; __ $13.50 to $50.00
lit the Christmas ' Tbe.raten ideas and creations in Lace and VoUs. Robes; some
fihinSZIAMSaw*** nf*nS*wttV%t*nt ¦ »Jnim«d with furs, others with ermine, wocd fibre lace and. chiffon;
umnaware ueparwmenw colort are whitCf Cicani) ttn mi pr:ces %
J% SStle iO-DZHy X lcsl &* n man J fi?rt cll « houses uk for thes: beautiful goods. Each
$10.00 Dmncr Set lor $7.40 — It ><<^?>n^ " : ' $22.50. }o $100.00
is the popular American /y^^i^^fyK ¦¦¦
5*lte ty JcSS.'US n i^ KlfM^ ' Holiday . Umbrellas \
pieces, 100 pieces for 12 Ifei^q^^/ Buy. as soon as possible if you are planning to have 'the
persons, regularly $1 0.00 — (ffi^V 'V*^^S handles engraved before Christmas.
On Wednesday g^zhg?g£!l^35&g -New before hare we shown" so lajge a sroct of urnbrtllas for
Only §*7.*rU Chrbtmas tjifts as the assortinetxt now on exhibidon a^d sale.* .We
Decorative China Plate— Gold ' hlTe ** i:t ' : = *°* ««« «» chiid.-cn, the 24 , =6 ar.d =s inch ,1^
j . • jj. n j . S: v v ' i''f''' ; .*'ii tor grown-up peop e. LmbreLas that- fold op to fit "ta sail j»iei.
edge and pretty flower desigq,.regularly $\.to umbrella, thai /pen when you press th^prbg. SSS
the dOZen-rtO-day, SCt Ol 6 • 5**C Soc t0 "*»7-5°» and we engraTe all umbrsUis from |i.oo ep free of
Fancy Night Lamps — With decorated globes- to ?"?' n .n«w.i.r. v t. n *• **
.• ,, V-. . . ,, . ** j. mm uood» Ucpcndaole Lmbrella — With fine .
match, WOrth 6oC each— tO-day Only • • 45C grade of Card, coreiinz; paragon frame! ' - _ rrql, •**
Section 20— Main Floor. ' neat handle ;> sizes for children, wqmen and .. jf/&*£§\l>>
. men; price '. .. . $1 m 5O ff
E&**5m%m *+*%*%€ Union Silk. Umbrella— Fins jUver trimmrd ' ' \ ,
ffitin/mjUT %jrZJeXSi3> - handle, best ftame and rod, sizes for men '¦ j pJ^T
FOB* WQnien ¦ ' . Po«sTlii m Umbrcl!a-withsilTeV trimmed '•' J j V f I *
New shipments of these desirable waterproof garinent, '!*"$%.%%'' ' f. I? . "
have been amving every day or two for levtrat weefcs' Heavy Twilled "Silk ' Umb«I!a- Selected - ¦ .. & • • H
past. The last of them, until ftfter Christmas, ire now ivory, horn and pearl handles, trliamed. ¦ iW ' fa I
in. We have sold previous lots as fist as tHty were withsilTsr, sHyer knobv'etc., a.thoremghly! ' fjfcA , iff
• displayed, and advise immediate selections, -while as-' F* na ** umbr.-i:a,- wen,^', m^, i^Sf /[|, ' "'
sortment, are intact ,' V . ; • ". ' From'sroJo' and ufrards 7c/ flWw M '
Prooled Cover! Cloth Coats-Automobile, full back, -be.t- have novelty .in -imported han- "iffiJW
ed, grays anduns, extremely good v^StO.SB .dfes from Pan's, such asxotffr;' ' \\H$ % •/
Rain Coals o! Handsome Mixtures— Proofed by the famoui br0 ' nze an - d . gun metcd ,#<,;£: •-. ¦ V gjf ifll
••Cielette". process, guaranteed, rainproof, mothproof ¦ . -. \ r . _; "..-¦:• ¦•' '•• .\' f ..- A
and porous to .air, double capti, fitted back.- fall' TtM*>* ™or. .;.-.•_¦
Mat} other wr'ious desi^is Ld inater^Jr^l VnderpHced < Rubber Goods
$16.50, $17.50, $19.50 and -upwards. ''. • .These are highest grade, first clasi-articles at the iowcest
Second Floor; .-*-:', prices c^uoted^ in 'San Francisco -/or wch goods/-/ * -/:"•;";¦
mmmmmmmmmMmmmmmwmm»wm»*mmmmmmmm m m mm mmmmmm mm mmm mmmmmmmmmmmmmm EmpOnmn SeamJeM Rubber GloVCS — Equal tO-'aily adTCrdsed $1. $O
Groceries and Liquors : • kr ? ad » **& •. • • • • . ; .- -'. • - • • . . 950
Wednesday and Thursday Emporium Bath Cabinet- E^al to any. adTertisd $ 5 m»ke. S3. BO.
Corn Meal— Best Eastern yellow, io 1b. tacks . \ 25O \ m^ trUVttot ter B«tUes-H ? Typure Pa« ruH^ W-i patented
WrnmeoJ 7 .» , ' Stoppers, z qt capacity 7 Qq ; 3 qt%.* ... S . SOo
Van Camn's Beans — Assorted condensed soups or maca- n ,, ' K ., ... :* , • .'. '• *' • "*'"
van v<uupj> bmuu . . . r Excelsior Fountain Syringes— Complete., with set- -of fcard rubber
rom and eheese, 3 tins • . . ; 25O f ip«, 'Ai quality, , qt.. 65o, 2-«?. 75c, r *t.j. •' • 8S0
AspaMjus- New crop, large white . • • • • • • ' • •¦ - ¦ 200 Silk.Elastic StoctinjsVlCnec length $3.75: thighienrth
Tomato Catsup— Snider s, Heinz's or-Naconal Pure Food Company; ..,.-. 3 - -• ••-.. *•»•». *f» "^ Baj !* 1 * • •
regularly 15c bottle, for . . . . . . \. . \ . . .- . \ . 1Q O Silk EasioVnki-tt '>' "' '' " " '.' ' ' " : ' " ' *£.' %%
PearHne Washing Powder-Pound package,, 3 for ...... 26* S gS • •,....•.... ,. ,.. . .. ,. ... St.BO
Hock White Wine-Good dinner wine, gal . _. , . 4 BO |ak SstJc ic/ef Ca^ / . ". ' . . V . ? ?f .' I I I . St'.SO
Port, Sherry^or Angelic. -Extra S year old wmes, regularly S nk EUstic ordinary Stocking. ...'..;•.. . \" . . $2.50
Kentucky Belle Bourbon— Full quart bottles of* that welf- known * We ""^ ex sSk-elasdc goods to order upon eight hours' notice.
...¦ < .'..*• SBo Trained nurse to take •measurements. . " ••* •
London Club Gin — Old Tom, imported, bottle S8t> Russian-Rubber Sponges, especially recommended for massaging and
Parry's or Duffy** medicinal malt wb/skies,. bottle . ... . 7Sp bathing, will outwear fire ordinary sponges .; -.• ;
Main Floor— Rear. ' • ¦'—•'¦' 60c, 75o,.$f.0Q, $f.25NEWPORT NEWS, Va.^Dec. it 4
Th* United States Missouri
was- placed in commission at the plant
of the Newport News Shipbuilding and
Drydock Company to-day. , The exer
cises were very 6imple. Superintendent
Walter A. Post made a speech turning
the ship ! over to the ' Government, t and
Captain Cowles received the vessel In
the « name of , the . navy. The . Missouri
Is now lying at anchor in the harbor,
but , is expected to leave to-morrow for
the Norfolk Navy- yard,"' preparatory
to a southern cruise, . H-; •*..- <V4
New Battleship Commissioned.
'. DENVER. Dec. 1.— In the United
States District Court Judge Rimer dis
missed the suit of the Stfatton Inde
pendence "Company, Ltd., of' London
against the'Strong Gold . Mining Com
pany, the litigants having effected, an
agreement out of court. The"' Strattori
company accepted $18,500 in. ..lieu 1 of
$1,750,00$' for -which it sued as fullvpay
ment. for all . damages for the extrac
tion of ore from Its territory in Cripple*
Creek by the Strong company. A boun
dary line between the properties has
be,en agreed, iupon. - * ' • -..•'•;
Stratton-Strongf Suit Settled.
SALT LAKE, Dec. 1."— Following
further fruitless efforts to bring about
a ! settlement of tbe Utah coal miners'
strike, to-day,' Governor Wells said that
in all* probability . he j would call a spe
cial session of the Legislature to pro
vide' funds for keeping. \ the. : State
Militia in the field. A protracted con
ference,was held in the Governor's, of
fice to-day between Vice. President
Kramer and Manager Wllllarris of the
Utah. Fuel Company, Colonel Holmes
of the Salt Lake Commercial j,Club,
Adjptant' General Burton and others
in an attempt -to'.. agree "on a basis of
settlement; but- nothing resulted.
"The settlement of the. strike hinges
on the recognition of the union," said
Governor "Wells this afternoon. "This,
the coal officials'jpqsltlvely refuse; The
difference over irages, it is apparent,
can be easily adjusted. The State
troops will be kept- In* the field, and I
shall in all probability call & w special
session of the Legislature shortly to
provide the necessary funds." ; -
Utah's Governor Wants Funds for
, Maintenance of Troops..
WILL SUMMON LEGISLATUBJ2.
SHARON, Pa..; Dec. 1.'— A . reduction
of 10 per cent in the wages of employes
qf. the Sharon plant of the American
Steel -Foundries , Company, .went; into
effect to-day. About' 600 men , are.af
fected. V '
PATERSON, N. J., Dec. 1.— AJ.10 per
cent reduction In wages went Into ef
fect at the plant of the Passaio Steel
Company to-day. Officials as well as
workmen will be affected. The 'reduc
tion will continue in force until" the
steel market shows signs of Improve
ment. .
Tea Per Cent Wage Reduction.
SHKBOYQAN, WIb., Deo. l.-*Th» brick
block on North Eighth street occupied by the
Fair Store waa totally destroyed by fire to
day. Loca $100,000.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 1. — Attorney Gen
eral Crow has decided to go to Albany,
N. T., himself to argue the hearing on
the requisition for the return to Mis
souri of William F. Ziegler, the New
York millionaire, recently indicted on a
charge of alleged bribery in connection
with baking-powder legislation in this
State. ¦:. .;,*¦•;.'. .V . , ¦ . ¦.. ¦;,' •
Crow Will Go After Ziegler.
Sues Fartner for Share in Profits.
In a suit for dissolution of partner
ship and for an accounting filed yester
day by John Schmltt he alleges that his
partner, Paul Whlttlng, refuses to allow
him to share in the profits of their busi
ness at 12 Fourteenth street. He also
asks that a receiver be appointed to look
out for the business pending the result
of the suit. ~ ¦• ,*¦•
Held Up on Mission.. Street.
Joseph Gallagher, an employe in the
railroad boiler shops at Sacramento,* was
held up and robbed on Mission street,
between Seventh and -Eighth. Just before
midnight last night. Gallagher was
slightly under the Influence of liquor
when he was confronted by two men.
who produced revolvers and ordered, him
to hold up his hands. .Ho obeyed the
command and the robbers searched his
pockets, taking £> 95. The crime was Im
mediately reported to tho police. ' .
The trial of Mark L. McCord, a con
tractor charged with felony embezzle
ment before a jury in Judge Cook's
court, was brought to a close yester
day afternoon by the Judge instructing
the jury to acquit the defendant. Mc-
Cord was accused by Charles M. Tates
of Yates & Co., 117 Market street, with
embezzling $200 on March 11. \
% Acquitted of Embezzlement.
Schooner at Gale's Mercy.
The schooner .Aleck Cooke. .bound from
Port Gamble to Honolulu, put Into port.
last evening for repairs. Her* captain
reported that on November 18 his vessed,
while In latitude 44 degrees 18 ralnutes
north,' longitude 131 degrees west, en
countered terrifies southeast and south
west gales, which carried away her stay'*
and tossed, the small craft about the
ocean for fifteen days. .This port was
finally sighted and was hastily made
for. The schooner is badly battered 1 .
Steamer Garonne in Difficulty During
Severe Weather at the Sound'
City. ,
'.TACOMA,. Wash., '^ Dec. t l.—TW
steamer. Garonne, whlclvhas been tied
up at Quartermaster Harbor docks,
blew ashore to-night. Tugs haVe gone
to her assistance and hope to pull her"
off at high tide at 3 a, m. There is no
means of ascertaining to-night what
damage, if any; has been sustained.
VESSEL BLOWS ASHOBE
AT THE TACOMA DOCKS
The next examination in the case
will be .held on. Thursday, when J. Og
den Armour, owner of the Fruit Grow
ers' Express Company, Is to
testify ' before ' Bankruptcy.- Referee
Wean. .
CHICAGO, Dec. 1.— Investigation- of
the affairs of the Porter Bros. Company
was continued to-day by Attorney Al
bert Bach, who spent much time ex
amining tbe company's, accounts with,
the Fruit Growers'; Express Company.
The attorney says, he, obtained ¦.infor
mation that will throw further light on
the business methods of former." Presi
dent: Watson.' Watson will •: riot :be\ex
amined .until early in January.
• According- to Attorney Bach, tran
scripts of the express company's ledger
indicate' that Watson •In^sixf years re
ceived about $700,000 of rebates on re
frigeration charges. How much addi
tional he may have received from va
rious railroad • companies Attorney
Bach, representing Eastern creditors,
hopes to learn from the railroads. ,
Refrigerator Rebates Alone Amount
to That, and Railroad Rake-Off :
Is Yet to Be Figured.
WATSON'S PROFITS IN SIX
YEARS A TOTAL OF $700,000
•.MAXILA, Dec. 1.— Governor Taft has
appointed a mixed committee of officials
connected with' the different depart
rnenta of the'Government and business
nJen- of this city to consider and recom
mend a new list of- tariff changes.
Will Consider Tariff Changes.
A general mortgage In the sum of
$2S,000,000 was filed yesterday in 'the Re
corder's office by the Spring Valley
Water Company In favor of the Union
Trust Company of San Francisco. The
mortgage i9 a Hen on all the properties
of the corporation, and is given to secure
the- issuance of bonds in the amount
named bearing interest . at the rate of 4
per cent per annum and payable Decem
ber i, 1923. : .
The first $14,000,000 Is to go to redeem
tho laa,t issue of bonds, which will soon
be expiring. The balance of the amount
is to be applied to betterments and Im
provements that will naturally be re
quired to keep the t plant up to the city's
growth.' '.;
Money Is to Be Used in Redeeming
Bonds an4 Making Im
provements.
BIG MORTGAGE IS. FILED .
BY THE WATER COMPANY
CHICAGO, Dec. 1.— Attorney Brodle.
B. Davis, counsel, for the^ Aldermanlc
graft investigating committee, has re
ceived nearly 100 letters threatening his
life since he began the campaign
against gamblers and violators of the
saloon ordinances. The fact, which has
been concealed carefully by Davis him
self, became known when he waa ad
vised by his friends to guard against
attack.
The committee and its ' co-workers
have, hadv many disappointments, but
It was admitted last night that. • the
prospect for j far reaching, disclosures
was 1 better than at any time.
Attempt Is Made to Intimidate At
torney Who Is Unearthing Crime
7 i Q Chicago. '\ ,' ' . " ' :, ;
RECEIVES MANY LETTERS
THREATENING HIS LIFE
\ ' |I>O>vDON,- Dec. i.— Charles Allen, the
•American criminal, "will terminate sev
eral years! .imprisonment at Dartmouth
on . December' 5. As soon as he walks
'put of prison; he. will be rearrested on
an. extradition warrant charging him
:i wiitn a postofflce robbery In Springfield,
liJ. ; ; In 1SS5. Later in that year Alien
¦a{id. Killoran' broke out * of Ludlow
ptireet Jail, N£w Yprk. and escaped to
England. It ;was -only after Allen had
•bf-en convicted ' here of robbing the
lyrkbeck Bank that his Identity was
discovered. Allen Is <julte ignorant of
tbe reception that awaits him.
Aiaerloan'Ofiftcers Will Rearrcst Him
'; ¦ ' .. ' When • He Completes Term in'
¦/'..!: English Prison. - •
;BASX EOBBEB AlXEN - . . -y
•[ IS TO BE EXTRADITED
Deeds were placed on record yesterday
conveying to the Market-street Company
(a corporation) the property at the
southeast corner of Market and Fourth
streets, 175 by 170 feet. The property was
originally conveyed to Henry P. Umb
sen by Clarence H. Mackay and his wife
and Marie Louise Mackay. and then re
conveyed by Umbsen to - the Market
street Company.
A mortgage was also placed on record
to. secure a loan of $800,000 to the com
pany by the Hibernia Bank.
Deeds and assignments were also re
corded conveying to the company, by
various owners the frame structures on
the lot. the tenants .in each case sur
rendering their. Iease3 to the premises.
The tenants are G. B. Antonlnl, E.' Dev
lncenzi, E. Canepa, Minna Meese, B.
Marcus Albers. Peter McArflle and
Thomas McGlnnis. The company does
not intend at present to make any
changes in the premises.
The property Is one of the largest and
most valuable single . holdings on Mar-'
ket street available for the cbnstructlon
of an Immense business block. It3 value
Is estimated to be between $1,500,000 and
$2,000,000. - • '
Hibemia Bank Loans the Corpora
tion Large Sum on the . New
*¦ Investment.
MARKET STREET . COMPANY i
ACQUIRES FINE PROPERTY
• Dec. \L— Senor Rios, j the
fanatic Fillp mo' leader and 'so-called
.'''rope', of the Tayaba's,"- has been
.Jienged. He' was captured. .last May
¦.'a.f'.dL was.' euisequently convicted- of
rrturfler and. sentenced to death. Twen-
of his followers- were een
ienced '.at the' same time to various
•terms, of Imprisonment. -.--¦. •
Laredo Toledo, .the ladrone: -leader,
¦who "gave tnei military authorities con-
BlCerahle trouble by. his operations, in
¦;the. proyjnee of Albay. has been con
.v|cted and. sentenced to death. Toledo
jButrendered .with thirty of his men and
ten gun* in Octqber last. .•:¦ - ; . :
Eesor Ri-os, the So-Called '•Pope of
¦ v the Tayabas," Is Hanged.-" ¦for •
.*'. ; -;/•'•:* ¦^•- . ::His dimes. ' ' : r' :
JANATIC FILIPINO LEADER .. •
' ? i : S-UFFEfcS DEATH "PENALTY
SAN JOSE, Dec. 1.— Strenuous ef
forts are being made by some un
known corporation or persons to block
the San Jose and Alvlso Electrio Rail
way 1q securing a right of way into
this city. The general impression
around the city Is that the Southern
Pacific is back of the move. V. A.
Scheller, attorney for Mehllng & Lock
wood, the promoters of the Alviso line,
i made such a statement at the meeting
of the City Council this afternoon.
When the sale . of a. franchise on
; First street from the northern city
limits to Taylor street, thence up Tay
lor to Second, and along Second to St.
James and down the latter to Market,
came up yesterday, E. D. Crawford of
Gilroy ran the price up to $6127. This
franchise would give the Alviso line an
entrance to the heart of the city.
Crawford* deposited 10 per cent, of the
sum, and. when the Council met to-day
to ratify the sale he refused to pay
the balance. Crawford demanded the
sale of the franchise to him at $110,
the first amount bid, and'the return of
the balance of his'deposit. . ' . -.
The Council .denied this request and
ordered the sale rescinded and the de
posit forfeited. Bids if ere then" called
for the sale of the franchise again.
Mehllng bid $100 and Crawford raised
this 10 per cent. Bidding continued
till. the franchise ran up to $5500, when
it went to Crawford. With each bid
Crawford deposited the money to cover
10 per cent of the Increase.
This blocks the Alvlso-San Jose rdad
for a time at least. Crawford has un
til 5 o'clock to-morrow evening to pay
the balance on the franchise. It is be
lieved he will bring suit to compel the
Council to sell him the franchise on
the first bid of $110 made yesterday on
the ground hew-as Che only one depos
iting any money. Crawford Is a law
yer of Gilroy and will not state who
he represents.
The Alviso road will now have to
s«»ek another entrance into the city.
Mehling and Lockwood propose put
ting on a fast line of steamers between
Alviso and San Francisco and it is be
lieved the Southern Pacific is ; trying
to head off this competition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
On Thursday njght there -will" be a
church extension | meeting at -Simpson
Memorial Church, 1 - and next Tuesday
evening • the Church Federation will
hold a meeting at Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church. '¦• '¦-.^' i ',\'.
At 6:30 o'clock In the evening the as
sembly sat down to a banquet, served In
the Sunday-school room ' of Trinity
Church. • . •_.
• "Among the clergymen present, : all oS
whom entered into the discussion of
"Revivalism," were: Rev. -W. C. ;Pond:
D. .p., president, Bethany Congrega
tional Church; Rev. J. A..B. Wilspn, D.
D., Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church;
Rev. F. M. Larkin. Ph. D., Grace : jileth
odist Episcopal Church; Rev. J. A. HoI.-j
lars, 'Bethlehem Congregational Church ; :
Rev. James' R. Evens, Welsh -Presbyte
rian Church; Rev.-R. B: Morgan, JVI- D.;
Rev. -J. M. McElhinny, Holly ; Park
Presbyterian -Church; Rev. F. A. Keast, j
Epworth'. Methodist Episcopal Cburch;
Rev. James Wood worth; Rev. R. Lo
gan, Lebanon Presbyterian' Church;
Rev. ;W. C. Day* -D. D., Olivet Congre
gational Church: Rev.. W. J. Tull, D. |
D.r Rev. Frank S. Fdrd,' Second Chris-,
tian Church, and Rev. Huber 1 Burr, j
Ocean View Congregational Church. • j
The following ladles of the ajd society
of church arranged the banquet: Mrs.
Gertrude Weeks, Mrs. H. M. Bordwell,
Mrs. W. F.' Hasty, Mrs. E. A.; Newton,
Mrs. R. O. Watkins, Miss Evelyn Mar
tin, Mrs. E. Downer; [Miss Mabel Ord
way, Miss Edna Watkins, Mrs. 'A. E.
Shaw, ' Mrs. A- B. .Reed, Mrs. J. H. So
per, Miss Emma Little ah.d Mrs. ¦* Jack
son. ; "• r.
. When the conference of the Evange
lical Alliance of th*e Mission Protestant
Churches was called to order by the
Rev. W. C. Pond, D. D., the Rev- W.
C. Day, D. D., began his address* even
choosing for his subject, "The Coming
Revival." . Dr. Day said that for the
last decade the air had been full' of
the talk of it. . Some had dwelt; upon
the signs of its approach, some had
suggested the measures necessary "to
hasten and intensify it and some had
attempted to define r.ts character and
scope. Changes in the social, commer
cial and political world had materially
awakened large* expectancy of like, up
heavals in.the religious .world, said Dr.
Day. • • •
Probably the- best indication : of its
approach, said .the speaker, was. the*
crying need for. it and the" widespread
desire which was sharpening itself Into
the well nigh -universal prayer of Chris-,
tendom. for its speedy coming. ,
"The Coming Revival" was the theme
which helda number of clergymen and
church women in. convention yesterday
evening at Trinity Methodist Episcopal
Church, Sixteenth and Market streets.
It was a gathering of m tbe cJersry of
different evangelistic churches and one*
of similar meetings that '-were held 'in
other parts of tho city on. Monday,
which were reported- fully In The Call.
The main hone was for a sturdy re
ligious revival, and the outlook, £t was
said, showed i that a r.ouslng religious
demonstration was fast approaching
and that the body religious was pre
paring for such. It' was to be "a re
vival, according to* the > various
speeches, which would' take the- form
of another Moody and Sankey religious
demonstration. • • - . . ; . -
"O. M. Carpenter, Telluride, - Colo/:
By the time this reaches . you the
troops .will be with 'you. . Any one
prominent in the troubles of 19.01 had
better leave town, for the Citizens' Al
liance, backed by the executive, will
carry things with a high hand. -' •
"WILLIAM D. HAYWOOD/'
"Denver, Nov. 20, 1803. -O - . M. Car
p"enter, Telluride, Colo.: J.see that
the Citizens' Alliance in Telluride 4s
doing everything that It possibly can
to urge the_ Governor to send troops
to that local'ity. It is reported that he
has appealed to President Roosevelt
lor the regulars, but has' been turned
down, r nope that this Js bo, .because
If we must have ' troops there at all
it would be much better for iis to have
the tin Boldlers. They are not ;used
to a hard' campaign- and i]t.w,ill have
an equal 'result- in" disrupting the
State- militia. f
"I think lt.wooldbe wellto forward
statement* you zbenton . with itemized
bills,- bo that the same can be present
ed to the executive board at the next
meeting; also a summary of the num
ber of men that are.' on strike, the
number that are -drawing! relief and
any other information that you be
lieve will be of Interest. Advise a few
days ahead' when you need funds.
Yours fraternally, ' • •'- -
"WILLIAM D. HAYWOOD. . .
"Secretary Treasurer." .
MTOT IN"CENI>IABY LETTERS.
Governor Peabody has decided, af
ter perusing the letters written by
Secretary Haywood of the Western
Federation cf . Miners,, .which Adju
tant General Sherman M. Bell declar
ed to be "incendiary and incriminat
ing;" "that there Is nothing -in them to
cause' any alarm. The' letters are as
follows:
John Mitchell, president of; the United
Mine Workers of America, ; will be in
Trinidad to-morrow to confer with the
district union officials. It ils believed
that. he will renew the attempt to ob
tain a personal conference 1 "with the
managers of the Colorado. Fuel and
iron a,nd the Victor Fuel companies,
which have repeatedly refused to meet
any representative of the union.
: The price of northern coal in Den
ver'has been, raised from $4 25 to (5
per ton. The' mine owners explain
that the advance is made; necessary
by conceding the eight-hdur day to
the miners. ! .
¦ The executive board; of the Western
Federation of Miners, In session in this
city to-day, sent the following telegram
to Guy E. Miller, president of the Tellu
ride (Colo.) Miners' Union: ']
"Advise all men who were : ordered to
leavje town as result of alleged va
grancy trials; to "re'main in; Telluride.
The Justice a£ the Peace nor any other
official pf county or SXate can compel
persons to leave any place where they
choose to live, The constitution of the
United States ' concerning <Hvil rights
makes it unlawful for officers to deny
those rights. Howe, Rutan and others
are subject to the United States courts
and the law will be duly invoked. You
are asured of the hearty support of the
Western Federation of Miners."
A physician who examined the finger
pronounced it the ring finger from the
rlsht hand and said it was^ evidently
cut off shortly before the letter was
mailed;, as the bloodstains on the let
ter bore evidences of being; fresh. and
thie blood on the. finger was hardly dry.
It developed to-night that the finger
came from the office of a loqal surgeon
and it is. charged thaC it was sent- to
General Bell as a jt»ke by certain^ news
paper reporters.. Bell to-night issued a
statement in which he declared that he
had placed the matter in the hands of
the postal authorities and. that no ef
fort would be spared to secure the ap
prehension and punishment of the per
sons responsible for the hoax.
. WILL .APPEAL TO COITBTS.
DENVER, Deo. X — Adjutant General
Sherman M. Bell to-day* received from
Telluride the following letter, wrapped
around a human finger:
"General Bell — We ¦ send : you the
finger <>f. a man who disappeared from
Telluride- some time ago. His ears will
follow and then his head. If his friends
want io see 'him again In any other
way but the way we send him you
have got to do tbe right thing. We
only want 'you to withdraw the troops
from TellHride at once.- If you don't
you will receive his ears in a few days.
Don't try to find us, for It isn't in tha
power 'of a' tin soldier to do it.
*'(Signed) • • S. N."
MANILA. £>ec 1. — C. -E. Richardson
Of the firm of Richardson & Co. of
"Amoy, of which W. D. Ballentine, an
lnspector'et Urfs port, and John T. Mil
ler,. «r-lnapector m of immigration,
charged trlth • conspiracy to Import
Chinese coolies Into the Philippine Isl
ands disguised as merchants, were
• members, has produced ¦ letters from
Ballentiae -which say. that. Carl John
• son.'Vice Consul at Amoy, would sign
"any .certificates the firm issued.
• '^Collector of Customs Shuster secured
at the time he unearthed the cohsplr
:acy In Octoberlait a number of "papers,
.among them a cqntract -signed by Mll
'lej an*d' Balff ntlae. .This- contract mtn
tlPnsyCari Jjohrison. VJ.ce; Consul' and at
i'that /time. acting United. States Consul
at Anvoy. his 'Interpreter, and eecretaLry.
as beneficiaries.- *¦ \- . '. ',*¦'";
Last Saturday afternoon- burglars en
tered the residence, of Antone Seaguirre
at S3 Vallejo place and made their es
cape with coin- and Jewelry to the ex
tent of $150. They entered a side win
dow while the family was absent and
left no clew.
This crime was discovered when the
proprietor of the store arrived soon
after 7 o'clock. The wire screen that
surrounds the stand had been'cut with
nippers, permitting the' thieves to get
inside and rifle the money boxes.- -
Soon after leaving the Hotel Nether
lands, the burglars visited the Native
Sons' Cigar Store on Market street, op
posite Jones, and secured a small
amount from the cash register. They
used the nippers again and cut away
the iro* protection. Last Saturday
night they visited Simmons' cigar store
on Market street, between Seventh and
Eighth, and last Wednesday night they
entered Coblentz's store at Golden Gate"
avenue and Market street and escaped
with $12 50. -• ••
Several burglaries have been reported
to the police during the last few days.
The latest was at -20 Turk street early
yesterday morning. Burglars, working
under the glare of electric lights and in
the entrance of the Hotel Netherlands,
broke into a cigar stand and took $50
from the register and slot machines.
Engineer Garcia, who ran locomotive
No. SI up country on Sunday night,
testified that he presumed . his engine
struck Madona, but' that he was not
aware of it. ¦ He passed the spot' about
7:50 Sunday night, saw no one and
heard no cries. He further stated that if
the man had .been walking when struck
the body "would have been hurled many
feet farther than it was, while the
limbs and other " portions of the body
would have borne evidences of injury.
Dr.. WIckman, "the ajitopsy surgeon,
testified only to the injuries sustained,
and would give no theory as to the
cause of death. The Jury returned a
verdict of accidental death.
• Gartardo Madona was last seen alive
Sunday afternoon in Novato. At* that
time he displayed considerable money
an.d Jewelry. During the Inquest this
afternoon Joseph Gambetta, who is a
ranch hand on the Mattoni place, the
same ranch upon which Madona was
employed, testified that he last saw
Madona on Sunday. He knew he had
money and saw his watch and chain.
Gambetta remained in Novato thd.t
night, but Madona left town en route
home about 6:30 p. m. Yesterday
morning Gambetta left Novato about
6:30 for the ranch by way of the rail
road track.
When Just out of Novato, Gambetta
says, he passed a stranger coming to
ward town. The man saluted, but
passed, quickly. A short distance far
ther down the track Gambetta discov
ered his friend's dead body. He re
turned to Novato and reported it, but
before any one went to the scene the
Santa Rosa train en route to San Fran
cisco arrived and the corpse was taken
aboard. Conductor John P. Smith of
this train testified to having picked up
the body. He stated that from exam
ination of the wounds it would seem
that. the man had been lying at right
angles to the track, but when discov
ered was parallel to the rails and about
four feet from the ties.
SAN RAFAEL,. Dec. 1.— During: the
inquest over the remains of Gartardo
Madona certain factp were brought out
which tend to show tbat his death Is
not easily explained.
Madona was found dead upon the
California Northwestern Railroad
tracks near Novato yesterday morning.
His Bkull was fractured and his watch
and money were missing. The injury.
It Is believed, was due to Madona be
ing struck by an engine Sunday night,
but tbe position of the body and the
loss of the dead man'e valuables have
called forth a searching Investigation
by Sheriff Taylor and District Attorney
Boyd.
Novato has been infested by. tramps
for the past week. On Sunday two. men
appeared at the residence of Mrs. W:
Matthias on Grand avenue and forced
admittance to her home. She had to
seek help to eject them. The same
night two .men gained entrance to Cap
tain Leon's place, but were frightened
off.
Special Dispatch to The, Call,
Southern Pacific Accused of
Objection to Garden
City Line.
Nippers Used to Cut Screens
and Cash Registers
Are Rifled.
Seized Papers Show That He
. Was Party to Philippine
: Immigration Frauds. •
Jury Says Accident, but
Tragedy Is Still a
Problem.
Meh of Different Creeds Hope
for a Great Demon:
stration. :
Officer Will Attempt to
Bring Humorists to
Justice. •
Look for Gatherings as
in Days of the Late
Dwight Moody.
Railway Has Diffl cul ty
in Getting Into
San Jose.
SeveralCrimes Reported
From Downtown
District.
Grim Joke Perpetrated
Upon General Bell
: of Colorado.
Body Near Railroad
Track and Valuables
Missing.
American . Representa
tive at Amoy Placed
• in Bad Light.
RIGHT OF WAY
IS AT STAKE
MYSTERY VEILS
MADONA' S DEATH
LETTER HOLDS
HUMAN FINGER
BURGLARS LOOT
CIGAR STANDS
CLERGY EXPECT
G R EAT REVIVAL
LETTERS INVOLVE
THE VICE CONSUL
THE -SAN : FRANCISCO. .CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER" 2, 1903
Big Cotton Cargo for Japan.
SEATTLE, Dec 1.— Forty-five, hun
dred bales of Southern cotton,, the
largest shipment ever", carried by. one
of the Nippon Yusen Kaisha .boats
from Seattle, will leave on the Riojun
Maru to-morrow morning. It is wor^h
about $250,000.- The vessel' also takes
2909 tons of nour, worth $120,000.
6
* [.-•; ADVEETISEMEBrrS.
THEY ACTUALLY
:.. ' • : DO THE WORK
•{Tpofl Eaten Zs WortUes-i'U&leii Dlgrested.
.—Borne Stomachs Hurt Kara Kelp.
•Food taken Into- the Ftomach, which,
from the nature of the food or the con-
djtlon of the etompch. Is not digested,
4s worse than no food at all. This -Is a
tf-ue statement as far as It goes and a
gi-feat many dj-Epeptlcs go only this far
¦with their reasoning. They argue with
themselves that because tjielr stomachs
ck> net do the work given them, they
must be- given less work; ln other
•words, they must be p tarved. It would
be Just as ser_sible for a business man
who is unable to- 0)0 all his own work
to cut down his business to his own ca-
pacity as it is for a man to starve
himself to relieve his stomach. The
eenEible business man employs help
end goes forward with his business.
.Likewise the sensible dyspeptic will
employ help for his stomach and give j
his body proper nourishment.
.Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets actually
fto the work assigned to them. They re-
lieve weak and overburdened stomachs
of a great "portion of digestive action.
Their component parts are identical
•»rtth those of the digestive fluids and
eecretions of the 6tomach and they sim-
T>ly take up the grind and ' carry ' on
the work Just the same as a good,
Btrong, healthy stomach would do It.
On this account Stuart's Dyspepsia.
Tablets are perfectly natural io their
ectlon and effects. They do not cause
any unnatural or violent disturbance in
the stomach or bowels. They them-
eelves digest the food and supply tbe
eystem with all the nourishment con-
tained In what is eaten -and carry out
.Nature's plans for the sustenance and
maintenance of the body.
How much more sensible is this
method than that employed by many
' eufferers from weak stomachs. By
this means body and brain get all the
pood, nutritious food they need and the
man Is properly nourished and equipped
to carry on his work and perform his
duties. He could not possibly be in
proper working condition by starving
himself or employing some new f angled,
insufficient food that does not contain
enough nutriment for a year-old baby.
'A strong man doing strong work must
be properly fed and this applies to the
brain as well as the body. . /
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, by . re-
lieving the stomach of its work, enable
It to recuperate and regain its normal
health and strength. Nature, repairs
the worn and wasted tissues just as she
heals and knits the bone of a broken
Xlmb, which is of course not used dur-
ing tbe process of repair.
Stuart's Dyspepsia.- Tablets are for
sale by. all druggists at 50 cents a box
and they are the one article that the
druggist does not try to sell something
ln the place of that's "Just as good."
Their unqualified merit and success and
the " universal demand for them has
placed them within the reach of every
var !*??S|\.".i»
• ADVEETISEMEITTS. . ..
PIANO-SELLING"
¦ INJARNESf
3 Big Sale at Pommsr-EUers' in
Full. Blast. .. ¦
Q Jremendcus Rs'ductions oo Fine KawPIanas.;
Tti.e High8St.6rati8S of hstmmsnts at Cut
Prices— Everything to Be Closed On!.'.
I »_._:¦ |||
y WiH you* have to bwy a piano tot
• Christmas? Wouldn't a-filj<J new stan'd-
ard .piano be-a most, acceptable Xmas.
gift at your home? . \
f Just how -we. are presenting the gran'd-
pf est opportunity to secure such an Instru-
ment at a "very marked reduction from
3 regiilar pplce. ¦ • " * . ' ' •. *• -" .
, -As announced lij last Sunday's paper
our entire retali stock .of the finest*
• brand new pianos and' '.organs is.to» be.
- closed out- within the. next flftfeen days —
3 costljr Deckers and IIa_zeltons and Kim*-.
balls, together with .hundreds of other
; elegant pia'noa made by some twenty, dif-
? ferent reliable American' makers.
The instruments Ln th>3 sale "are-
¦ brand* new, dlrect-from factory, and are*
makes regularly found ln our stock. ..They
5 are nit second hand, they are npt even
i shopworn and th.e*y are accb'mpanled by*
the, respective, makers' regular guarantee .
! duly countersigned ' by Pomraer-Eiler». .'
¦{ one of San Francisco's most' responsible .
. rousip- concerns. ; ;." •'.' "••
. • Score3 of Instruments ?re .being 1 ' aoM- 1
" daily -since tbe sale started.' But'. t!»s
; stock Is so large apd tha variety .so- in?-*
. mense that- -we. are quite sure to please^
even the most exacting and most critical •
musicians ln our preserit assortment. . '.- '
' For. the cqnvenlence -of buyers the var.--
• rious jnakcs lhcluf^eti ih this sale' bAVp-
r (.been divided into three distiac.t. classes,
viz: . • :.*:*. '¦"
K . . .••.*". CJ.ASS A:. .• ; , . '"V
1 . ¦ -Medium RCE-de,- standard Tnjike pianos,
••(•not Stencils, for this .house, does i)Ot-
¦¦ carry such cheaply made pianos)* • • •'.
•Pianos in class A are usually sold at..
i $300 by some houses, even $325 and $350. •'
Our prices to close out tjuickly — $167 .
for tbe regular $300 style. Still cheaper:
ones. for. $148. $137, etc.. and up to $218 •
and $226 for tfce regrtllar U50 styles.-. .
All are fully warranted. ' '.-
Payments of- $6 to $12 down and? $S; "
each "month thereafter buys them., plus',
simpre Interest at S per-cent per annu'ra-.
on deferre'd payments. ¦ .*• *• • "
A special discount of 4 per cent; to .
I those paying all ca^h. ", •
! Myhey back if purchase does not turn..'
• i out exactly as- represented, .or the instru- •
ment may 'be exchanged, at .any, time .
J within a year fi»ee of charge toward pay-:- •
men! of on© of our high grada piano3.- 1
CLASS B. '. ' -V. • ..
High gra-le pJanos of" national reputa- '
tlon.-usually sold for $400. $450 and $559/.'
Pommer-Ellers'-sale priees to close out
quicRly. "$286 ] for -the -$450 styles and
I plainer cases for $257 .and $264. The-''-
t $369 kind for $345. $327 and $318.
'l cording to style and case design. " '"
j payments of $10 and $25 down and $*¦'.
I or mote a month buys them on same con-
| ditionS- as above. •
]¦ .* ' 7 * "CLASS C... ; r^lV-;,
] • Specially. »elected. highest "class up-'".
I right: pianos and grands, by makers ot •
! international renown instruments such
.as are usually -sold Cor from $600 to-
$'100*- and more.
Poiftmer-Eilers' sale prices to close outf-
i quickly will be- found an- average of at ••
j least "$200 below the prices at wlilch
lthe«W\.or other same grade. of Instru-'
[ merits are regularly sold in this or any
ot'ier-clty. T - *
j * Teians of -payment on the above' will .
J-l>«! $_r'<>* or ihore*down and. $12 or more
j each nicnth. -.Same conditions tra above.' •
! To HelU Our Santa Clans.
J Instruments may be selected now and
j set aside for delivery 4s a Christmas ¦
surprise.. -""¦
Last year we -n-Ade over.' forty deflv-' .
cries, and'nowt with better facilities," we,
are ptepartd .to take' care of .over *10<>.
Eleven pianos hate already been net
aside by provident- parents ln this .way.
We will deliver each Instrument projnpt- •
ly at -.what«ver hour-you specify.-
. Come la. t&e Eveaibiar. • *
At the request of many of oar patron^
we have decided to keep the store oper>
day and evening until sale -closes.
Ktmenjber ihj» place, '. Pofflmer-Ellers
Musifc Co.. San Fran^lscp's busiest and
bust piano stbi-3. 653 Market street, be-
low Examiner building. \. . •. ' -. — .
*^TTTiri]tAiiirTimT»iiirir^^ i1 ™^*^^
1 Medical Institute,
I 305 KEARNY SJ.
B *¦ Thorouithly.. equipped for modern
.B treatment' of', th^ «lok and afSlcted.
M Consult out physicians at.offlea or br-
H letter.' . _______ •___. •
¥3 .-'.-' "WE .POSITTVELT CURE *
H Ffmals X>tseasfa, chron'tc aSsctloas «f '
H thn Stomach a_ad Kidneys; Scrofut* und
¦H ¦ ! * 1 -' Blood alsras^s, 'Catarrh. Astiuni.
I ' Hheumatlsm. . . Bclatlca. I'aral yg'.s and
En Spinal diseases. . . - •
r .M1>N". consult our •raciilfst and be
SB convinced of his sueertor- abllttr.
g3 PIL.ES asd all rectal dls^asn? » tr«atad
EN orf a positive pjarantee. •' «.
K Consultation free at. office or by
W ' WRIGHT" MEblCAt IXffnTUTB.
rj • ." 8C5 KEARXJ ST.. • :
B-- . ' San Francisco,' Cal.
H_PEi^a 4^w«.^^^-a •*¦ CT^_»_!na
H D H - B9 -EC_b_I Hi BSB Tl Enu C_J
nJ _H K«_J EC-EM cSn "™ h *3 u 1 F9
H-^-flLI-U-JiiT-i Jrfi-—-j_-i- imlj. -C-t^-d-H
I BKPIERCE1SL
?____•_ MEDICAL, ; _. .:.
DTSCOVER^r
•"-* FOR THE . _^
I BLOOD.LIVER.LUiVG$>
T^T^vmv B. andO. Boota and Sl}o*a. -
I^J I I TJ Warranted waterproof. Kor
. A'-^-'*^ Hantsw. Surveyors, Min-
' * _*->w ¦¦ •» -A ««. etc. Send for ca.alo_r.
AiilJA SHRCVE&. BARBER CO.
4. *\£ V-* /"> yj-j, Market St.. S. JT.
IA/. X. HESS,
Votary Pnblio and Attorao7-at-Law.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013, CUjus SpreclceU bids;
' Telephone Main 8S3.
-EUsldescs. 821 California »t.. below Powtil.
. Residence T».sphcn» Jamea 1501.
.16, Pages. SI pcp-Ycar
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
. _._- -n _ r ______ _-_ o -._ , _,- — _ , — _, — _, — _ — ,_. — ,_ — _ — _ — . — ._ — _, — _ — _ — ., — . n.r^.-j-.nj-^t.-, njij^ju-iru\rLnj^^ru^JTruvijv\n.-u-.
r- - ' .- ' . ¦ . • .; *_ ¦ HOW" »f thi ootn»rM.iT«N MM«iM< AN»,T*r«MTicrM riiTr»nr wiimi imnumii. mm r»w»
' . '.iii s==--= ,i =a THE *==*=============— **=^- 1 . ,_,
jgHRI5TiVllS COSMOPOLITAN
W^g^S^XPB ; WONDERS OF NEW YORK
II.;OrtE COMPLETE NOVEL.: ' ' .... " / f— 1QAQ
IIIw ONE THOUSAND BEAUTIFUL IL- -.:¦-. . Ill lVUV
ivLl^?fS|TicLEaSii^ to. a ; By JOHN BRISBEN WALKER. , - .
,- . book of -200 pageB-rOn Popular : '].•¦¦- _ * __ %--.• -.-¦¦
- .-"Science, Invention and Discovery. ¦ . An Attempt to Forecast, the Changes in Six Tears. .
"vY. TWENTY ARTICLES— equal to a '>' *••_«*.«, l-l- '' ¦ _». ¦ _¦ '
. book of 200 pages — on Travel. - - iSION * -The ir*mitAl ftf it IpWl^Tl NfltlOn
VI. TWENTY ARTICLES— 200 pages-- ' VIV " # * U« . "Oapiiai OI fl jeWIMl • HOIIOH
on The Most Important. Things'. to. . By RICHAKD J. E. GOTTHEU..
; , ,•; rtaSe! Choice Vot' Se : Flve Complete Storiesand H." G. .Wells' Novel of Wonderful Adventure.
*°T,? * THE COSMOPOI ITAN MAfiA7INF PB1CI1
\T Men and Young Women. '' ..-* SA1B * l»- OUOITIUrULI I AAIH ITIA4UA1/-II%L 10 c^^xg
This Is What Is Given In r Single Tear ' (Edited by John Brisben Walker)
of.THE COSMOPOLITAN. IRVINOTON-ON-HUDSON. NEW YORK
SEWD $1.00 wow and (}ET THE i DT \^V the Midwinter Issue of the TWENTIETH
, \> COSMOPpi.iTAiT?gOBxi904. v " . CENTURY HOME- the New Home Journaljlngebor Jorgensen ¦ filed a suit tor
maintenance against her husband,
Charles J. Jorgensen. yesterday. she
charges that he haa not provided for her
or their four children during the last
six years. _,She' asks for $100 a month,
claiming, .Jjfet Jorgensen Is worth $20,
000 an* in 'the enjoyment of a large in
come from his stevedoring, shipping and
lighterage business. ,
Sues Husband for Support.
ISSUES ELIGIBLE LIST
OF POLICE SERGEANTS
Civil Service Commission Announces
Names of Corporals That Passed
Recent Examination.
•The Civil Service Commission yester
day issued the following: eligible list of
sergeants in the police department as
a result of the examination of cor
pcrals held recently:
. Henry J. O'Day, 96.75 per cept; Eu
gene R. Wall.- 95; William H. Williams,
92.7; David W. Boyd, 92.35: John H.
Lackmann, 91.85: William E. Dinan,
91.65; D.aniel A. Sylvester, 91.5; Michael
Carroll.' 90.5; Frederick P. Green, 88.4;
William J. Mullender.- 8S.25; Thomas L.
Tobln, 87.55; Marcus Anderson, 84.45;
George S. Eastman, 83.45.
There are nine positions as sergeant
to which appointments will be made
by the Police Commission from the
foregoing list. Corporal Williams, who
has been in the department for twenty
five years and for eieM years has faith
fully suarded the outer door of. the
Mayor's office, stands third on the list.
?•
WANTS CITY TO PAY
PREMIUMS ON BONDS
Merchants* Association Petitions the
Board of Supervisors Not to Ac
cept Personal Sureties.
The Merchants' Association yesterday
sent a communication to the Board of
Supervisors suggesting the desirability
of requiring city officials to give bonds
of surety companies and that the pre
mium thereon be paid by the city.
The association contends that it is to
son should make up a story against
Wolf. He had nothing to- gain by so
doing or testifying against' him. It
does not appear that' he had any grudge
to satisfy. His good faith Is shown
r by the fact that when he was first ap
proached he reported the matter and
acted under Instructions thereafter.
"We find the defendant guilty on all
three charges."
The case of Policeman/ Joseph E.
Bennett, who is accused of having act
ed as an asrent for Wolf, will be de
cided next Tuesday night.
Th'e receipts/ fbr the month amounted
to $4237 85. a gain of $193 25 over No
vember of 1902. . ¦"
During the month of November there
were 2S26 papers filed in the Recorder's
office. 126 more. than In November, 1902:
Of these the' most Important were:
Sixty-nine building contracts, 758 deeds,
78 deeds of trust", 28 leases, .407 marriage
certificates, 178 . chattel mortgages, 302
real estate mortgages, 65 reconveyances;
69 releases of chattel mortgages and 237
releases of real estate mortgages.
Business of Recorder's Office.
Sit Tatton Sykes of London, accom
panied by the Countess de Lichter
velde, with whom he has been making
a tour of the coast and" Mexico, arriv
ed from the soutk last evening and
registered at the -Palace.
Patnick,Clark^ a millionaire mining
man of Spokane, and his family are
at the palace.*
T. B. White of. the /.United States
Geological Survey- arrived at 'the
Grand j-esterda'i*.
• State Surveyor; General Victor H.
Woods is down from Sacramento and
registered at the Lick.
Jn Judge Kenneth N-. Jacks'dn returne'd,
yesterday from a -trip to Tonapah and
Is registered at .the Palace.
" R. Tariahaka of Tokio, one of-tjie
Japanese representatives, to the St.
Louis exposiUon, arrived from the
East last .evening "and* la at the Occi
dental. - • -.
B*. U. Stelnman of Sacramento la at
the Pa.lace'. • . • * .
Judge Solon HoJI of Sacramento is
a{ thfe Grand. •
E: H. Cox, a banker at Madera, is
at the Palace. . *- .
Dr. U. C. Hall of Petaluma is Btayi
ing at the Palace.
Dr. E. L". Southwaite- of Sacramentb
is at the California. :
J. Allen Veatch, a mining man of
Napa, is at the Occidental.
J. B. Chinn, a fruit grower of Por
terville. is at the-jCallfornla.
C. G. Chamberlain, Postmaster of
Pacific Grove, is at the Grand. *
C. C. Van Liew, head of the normal
school at Chico, is at the Lick.
Former Cdngressman Thomas J.
Geary of .Santa Hosa Is at the Grand.
• Byron Waters, an attorney of Los
Angeles, registered atthe Occidental
yesterday. : " : ? •'
PERSONAL. MENTION.
•Albert B. Mahony's deputies are up
!n s ar:r.s afr^lnst Ihe manner' in which
.he. flashed their November salaries.
Many of them refused to sign the pay
rojl in the Auditor's office yesterday/
and say they will bring suit against
Mahony for the recovery of the money
due them that. he withheld.
-*7.W. V. White, one of the deputies, yes
terday filed a verbal com'plaint with
.th'p Mayor's secretary preliminary to
his swearing'to an affidavit demanding
hi$ back salary. White is entitled to
51 Q0 a month for his services. In October
he}got but $50, and last month his name
vas omitted from the payroll altogeth
cri ¦ White is one of the best deputies,
firyi says that tie worked every -day
during these two months. When Ma
hony. heard of White's course he met
«hini In the corridor "and told him that
he . would never make another com
plaint; and discharged him then and
thjere.' ' • • '
". "Cupid"- Danforth- had his salary cut
from $150.' to $125. Joseph's Rlordan's
pay was cut from $125 to $50. Biordan
declined to sign the warrant and will
[contest .Mahtmy's doctored salary.
!-.W. -J.-. Kennedy, clerk in Judge
TfquU's court, laid off for a lew days
and- had his salary, cut to $75, although
he .is entitled to $125. A man named V..
Garibaldi was put In his .place and
given $50 for a single week's services.
According to the time he had off Ken
nedy'should have lost but about $25.
. : A. • Gallagher, : another deputy, re
ceived no nidney -in October, and this
month wis tendered $100. F. Klevesahl
ppt "no. money in October; this tnonth
: he.got $100l •• • .* ' . .
. Thomas 'Wilson was on duty every
day. -during November and', never got a
,c4iit.' HI^ salary should have been $100.
S'.-jS.* Wcinholz. if ho was discharged in
October, came around to Mahony and
ciaiined that -he* had $8 30 coming. In
.order, to 'get rid "of him Mahony took
tifce necessary amount from Kennedy's
October salary and gave It to Weinholz,
leaving the -v'lcrk of court $116 T0. #
•MAKES WHOLESALE CUTS.
|Th.a vfanLcsale cuts Mahony made in
the' \y apes t;f the men who have beep
ctoi/ifr.the "work 'in his office went to
Fwel!" the salaries of. the favored few
ifr trje otSce'who'never-do'anything,
and »o create salaries for new political
yfriertfis ©f the salary-juggling : Co.iinty
CJerfcf. . ..¦ '
"/A. another of the chosen,
feopte.' has' never been seen- around- the-
C<jurJ:y -Clerk's office. His name was
nbt on tiie October roll. but. this Tnontfc
h«» isidown r>n the pay;roll for JWO. .This
1100 "we's Vtakfen ' from the pay t>at was
cflmihg to tVKJevesahl. who' got noth
:]nj? for his w6rk during November. .
• ; Kl^yesahl,- • Cunhirrgham and Gal
l'a^her, clerks, -received ho money in
'October, "but. were promised by" 51a-
hony.a 'dV>ub.ie w.arrant this nronth.
It.is ti»>edless to say that they did not
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.— The bodies
of thirty private soldiers who lost their
lives In the Philippines were to-day In
terred with impressive military cere
monies at the National Cemetery at'Ar
lington. The. remains were brought to
this country on the transport' Sumner.
Interment of Soldier Dead.
get their back salaries. They were al
ready' gone In October to pay salaries
to Mahony's friends that never did any
work. The victims were led to believe
that the wily County Clerk would make
good the amounts of their October
salaries and waited. Now they . are
wroth and say that they will bring suit
to recover what they justly earned.
Colonel Martin Brady, one of Ma
hony's wards, Js never seen around the
office and was never known to do a
day's work since his appointment, yet
he has been drawing the neat sum ot
?150 every month for the last two years.
Deputy McKenna. another of the
non-working salary drawers .connected
with Mahony's office,' was never known
to show up around the office, yet he al
ways gets a fat salary.' •
Last month Mahony raised the salary
of "Pat" Prendergast to $150. He for
merly got $125. The salary of Danforth
was cut the necessary $25 so that Pren
dergast might be able to make a little
more easy money. *
Mahony claimed that Danforth's of
fice duties were not arduous enough to
warrant his getting his former salary
of $150. but .thought: that Prendergast's
work was so hard that he was entitled
to $25 more. :
FRIENDS DRAW SALARIES. .
Harry Hall, P. Demings and J. Pierce
were down, oh this month's roll as
deputies, although their presence has
never graced the office whjeh. now pays
them salaries which. they do not earn.
All of them are perfect strangers
around the City Hall. The two first
named drew $100 each for November
ana ihe latter.$50. Pierce and Hall also
drew $100 each In the month of October,
but in return gave the city no services.
The rollthis month, gives to every
friend of Mahony's a full salary, many
of them In excess of what the cha'rter
states they shall be. /
William A. Deane, former County
Clerk, now a deputy under Mahony,
got no money this month. He was sick
and Mahony docked himj the full
amount ot his salary. When Mahony
was a. deputy under Deane's adminis
tration he become ill -and his salary
was carried to his house by Deane.
The payroll, this month was five days
behind time, and it is stated that it
was. drawn up Monday afternoon by
Mahony and J. A. McKenna in the
r^ar room of a saloon at the corner
of Hyde and McAllister- streets. At this
meeting Mahony and McKenna ar
range'd^ the money at the disposal of
the County Clerk's 'office so that all of
their friends should get full salaries
•whether they Had done any work or
not. "Many of the men whose names
appear on. the November payroll It Is
claimed are merely creditors of Ma
hony whom 1 he is trying to satisfy.'
£>thers are political friends whom he
ow^s something for past services, and
the -city treasury is the sufferer lfr each,
case. • .
Nearly all .'of Mahony's friends and
all?gpd deputies whom .he. has favored
so well do a brokerage business with
Broker J. E. McPonald, who was ap
pointed" receiver in the recent row be
tween. and J. J. McGrath in
the *>eer boltllng venture.
It 'is also "alleged that Mahony has
been guilty of hypothecating his sal
ary fr.om month to month. He did not
.draw his salary yesterday^ because
there I were a dozen of these money
brokers on "his trail waiting to seize
•his salary. ' f>\~
Under the provisions of the new char-"
ter the County Clerk is authorized to
appoint a register 'clerk at a salary of
5240(5 per annum, a cashier a.t a salary
of 51S00 per annum, twelve courtroom
cle.rks" for the Superior Court at $1500
each per annum, five register clerks
with a salary of $1809 per annum, ten
assistant register at $1500 a year,
sixteen copyists at $1200 a year . and
four clerks for the Police courts at $1500
per annum. '
USES ALL THE MONEY.
Under this footing Mahony has at
his disposal something in the neigh
borhood of $7000 a month. Not one cent
of this amount has ever been left In
the city treasury. If a man was docked
for any reason the amount taken from
his salary did not remain undemanded
in .the treasyry. but was distributed
gratultuously among the friends and
creditors of the County Clerk- '
Forty-nine clerks are allowed the
County Clerk to assist him in his work,
yet the pay roll for November shows
that fifty-four men are entitled, accord
ing to - Mahony 's schedule, to a hand
out from the city treasury. From six
to ten of these are friends of the Coun
ty Clerk he called In. to assist him at
various times so that he might be In a
position to place their names on the
pay roll of the office..
Several more are inanimate fixtures
that Mahony has gathered around him
to do nothing more strenuous than
draw salaries.'- Where this money that
these phantom workers draw goes to is
a mystery. Just how much they are
allowed to keep for the privilege of
drawing It Is. a matter for conjecture.
Just how many "grafters" divide the
money that Is drawn by these office
figureheads is unknown, but the graft
is said to be 1)1 jr.
mah6ny*s statement.
Mahony, when Interviewed on hlB
uneven distribution of the salaries of
his office, said: "I am determined to
run this office as it should be.' If a 'man
does not show up every day I am going
to dock his salary from this time on.
I shall run this office straight until my
term is out. All of these men'who are
kicking about not getting what was
coming to them have got every cent
they deserved.' Some of them did not
show up half the time and others were
absent for days or got on sprees and
failed to do their work. I was com
pelled to call in new men to take their
places while they were absent.
"This talk about my having a let of
men around me who never do anything
is" all rot. There is. not a man in this
office that does not do all this position
requires of him. Why should I go Into
the back room of a saloon to prepare
my pay rool? This talk about McKen
na and myself fixing the. roll in the
rear of a saloon is false. The pay roll
Is straight and. every -man got Just
what he worked for and no more." .
until 8* o'clock to-nfght, ; when th«
wreck had been cleared and the track
rebuilt. Three sections of No. 10, due
here at 2:45 a. nw^ere held at Santa
Margarita and two sections of belated
No". 9 remained at San Luis Obispo all
day. All other trains shared the same
fate.
The worn rails and the worn wheels
of 'an oil tank' are believed to have
caused the tank car to Jump the track.
The two cars with dynamite, one each
of coal,* dried fruit, mill work and mer
chandise followed. Twenty-one cars
stayed on the track. The dynamite did
not explode. - *
The train was in tire control of Con
ductor Davidson, Brakeman Kephaxt
and Engineer Williams. Kephart was
on the dynamite cars and when he saw
the wreck coming jumped into the coal
cars. He went with the 'wreck, but
was not hurt. -The track was badly
torn up. All trains were running at 9
o'clock to-night. * . / . .
¦ The cars were piled up in a deep cut,
making it impossible to' build a track
around the wreck or get trains through
SAN LUIS pBISP.O, Dec. 1.— Seven
cars of freight train No. 334, two of
which contelned dynamite, were
wrecked on a curve In a>cut ohe
fourth of a mile west -of tunnel No. 1,
three miles west of San Luis Oblspo.
at 3 o'clock this morning. No-one was
hurt. ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wreck at a Curve in . a Deep Cut
.Near San 'Luis Obispo,* but.
, No Person Is
• Hurt.
Brakeman * Hastens y When
v • v t the Explosive Is tpv >
- Disturbed.
"If the place of business of Simpson
Is, as the accused testified, the worst
on his beat It is a place that would
be likely to pay money to keep open
and should have been reported to- the
Police Commission. The fact that it
was not reported is a circumstance
against the accused.
"Whatever Simpson's reputation may
be, we think that he and also Neill and
/Baddeley and Walsh told the truth.
The attempted Impeachment of these
witnesses does not discredit their testi
mony given in the trial in .our minds.
"The fact that no money was taken
or solicited from any other saloon- on
the beat of the accused does not show
it was not taken from Simpson. The.
accused may have Just determined to
commence a series of offenses 'of this
kind- and selected this place to com
mence with. > . \ .*
"We can see no reason why Slmp-
the city's interest that personal bonds
should not be given, among the reasons
because citizens are importuned to go on
bonds out of friendship, thus unwit
tingly exposing themselves to a liability,
and officers place themselves under obli
gation to their bondsmen, who may de
mand special favors and privileges. The
charter in fixing the salaries of officials
intended them to enjoy the full benefits
of such salaries. If they pay the pre
miums they lose a portion of x their com
pensation, and rather than suffer this
loss they will endeavor to give personal
bonds.
Sergeant of Police Reuben A. "Wolf
was dismissed from the department by
order of the Commissioners last night.
Voluminous testimony was taken dur
ing the last four weeks to prove that
the accused had on three occasions ac
cepted a bribe from George B. Simp
son, a saloon-keeper at the corner of
Mission and Seventh streets, and by a
unanimous vote of the board he was
found guilty and the penalty fixed at
dismissal. Evidence was introduced
tending to show that on August 10 Wolf
had taken $10, on September 21 $5 and
on October 6 J5. The* portion of the
decision referring to Wolf's defense is
as follows:
"The defense offered evidence tending
to show: • ' < ¦¦/ . \ '
"First— The good reputation ' of the
accused as an officer and a sergeant.
"Second — A denial or the receipt of
the money, or that he was in the place
on the days mentioned.
"Third— An attack upon the plac« of
business and reputation of the witness
Simpson. y
"Fourth— An attempt to impeach the
witnesses Nell and Kaddeley.
"Fifth— That the accused did not so
licit or take money, from any of the
other sixty-eight saloons on his beat.
"The evidence shows that the accused
is a brave and efficient officer.
"The attack upon the general repu
tation of and the place of business of
Simpson must be considered in the light
that if successful in either or both par
ticulars that it is dnly those of bad
reputation or who carry on an lmprop-"
er bustnes.8 that fear the police, • and
are the only persons or places from
whom a bribe would be solicited or
who. would pay one.
VANCOUVER, B. C.,*De6. 1.— Lord
Dundonald. comman'der of the' military
forces in Canada; will make a visit to
the . Islands off the -mouth of .Portland
Canal, Tecently given to Canada in the
Alaska arbitration • award, . to' deter
mine their value .for purposes of* strat-.
egi.c defense. • * • '''K'l
s Ldrd # Dundonald*-will arrive . In Van-'
couver to-morrow and will immediate-,
ly embark on the- Dominion:
ment steamer • Quadra for the north."
He .will go no* farther -than Portland,
Canal and will stay there 'for a week;
making* a detailed inspection of the fsl-,
ai)ds and' their location with respect to
American points on the mainland. *
On his return Loi;d Dundonald win
make reports b^tb. to the Dominion
Government and to "the -War Office in.
London. * • '
Special Dispatch to- Th» Call.
"It may be well to remember ki that
regard that those seeking to enforce
claims against the municipality, even
if finally unsuccessful may embarrass
the authorities by litigation or other
contentions, although r founded . only
on an invalid resolution of your
board." ,
"Under these circumstances it Is
probably unnecessary to consider the
remaining questions as to whether the
"adoption of such ( resolution would
jeopardize any of the rights of the
city or could be construed as recogniz
ing any right of the railroad company
or its bondholders after February 1,
1904.
City Attorney Lane advised the
Board of Supervisors yesterday that
a proposed resolution providing
against interference in the operation
of ¦ the Geary-street railroad until*
February 1, 1904 (the franchise hav
ing expired), would be invalid and of
no effect. The opinion follows: '"';.'.*
"If the resolution suggested . could
be of any effect whatsoever it would
be in substance a franchise to ex
pire February 1, 1904. The charter
provides the procedure under ' which
franchises may Jbe granted, ah. essen
tial feature of which is the submission
of the matter to the public for pur
poses of competitive bidding and
the charter provides that the right
may • be granted in that manner and
'none other.' In the method proposed
to allow the road to operate no at
tempt is made to follow this plan and
I am therefore of the opinion that the
resolution would be of no validity.
Commissionera Declare He
Took Coin on Three
Occassions.
Freight Train Disaster
NearJy Causes Many
Deaths. .
Men Assert They Will Bring
; Suit to Recover Their
- Ea-nings.
Methods of . • Strategic De
fense Interest Northern v
• Neighbors. :;.?-
Supervisors Have No ' Right
to Tacitly Allow Road
to Be Operated.
Canadian Commander of
the Forces on In
"; spection Tour. .
•Sergeant of Police Pound
Guilty of Taking
• Bribes.
City Attorney A'dvises
as to Geary-Street .
County Cierk Gives His
Assistants Short
Salaries.
CARS UPSET
WITH A LOAD
OF DYNAMITE
SEEKS PLACES
FOR NEW FORTS
WOLF DISMISSED
FROM THE FORCE
MAHONY CUTS THE PAY OF DEPUTIES;
LANE RULES ON RAILWAY RESOLUTION
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, .WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2, V 1903.
7
: ;^ ¦ N UIW-; AD VEBTISI3IE1ITS .
;;';^.:;' ;"/:." A •¦OSWWSr OT GLOEY • "•
Aa "WeU as a Ha.rk.cf Btanty !¦ Ziuxnrl-
' . • . . • • ; . • ." ¦ ouk. Hair,
¦ .•'••.It hass.-b'^n' *r ul >' aid that thfe crown-
¦ plor> - .6f-our race Is a luxuriant "head
"of -hair, .•:•••'.
¦ •.'ft usfd to .be - thought that this xras
. r>he o nf".th<» JiWFirfcs which the RO<in be-
stow capriciously, and it is only recently
s'iiestists hnve discovered that Us
1 iwm'wif' !¦ aependpnt upon ihe absence-of
•a •minute grernr' which, flourishes in the
.hair' iclUrteg* where it destroys the life
of the tiair. *. - .
. - --To wrtore fhl? life and. kill -the germs. which
' rausiv the mischief iff. the mission of Newbro'a
•HTpicl<Je. • ' ii'i
H'fTlcide .*urely kill* the rerms* and.Js the
' • ty5t" halr.^resFlni? on the market.
¦'.'. It. rnv. tains no grfsare or oil, neither will It
rtsj'n 'tx^ dye. .. . • ' . ¦.¦-_"« -''I;-
¦Fold by l^adtnK drusTiBte. Send 10c In
fiarrr*-- sample to The ' Herplcide Co.,
»#troi t, ¦ Mich. .r
CASTOR I A
1 *•¦ For Iiifonts aad Children, f ',. ;'!
His Kind Yon Have Always Bought
Bears the y^ 7 y/fs^-jT
' Blgnatur* of C^«X^ J<&£e,/U/t£
¦':v jftL STRENGTH, £*'
-'¦-'^^s VITALITY %V
TA B LETS
JfERVA^N TABLETS produoe- restful sleep,
care '-,¦**
' * 2TEBTOUS*erx:8S, BTOKACH,
. ' IUHjEY AND B*OA*DDES
T3OUBI.ES.
They produce plumpness and give great-
etrenclh and vitality.
JTT3T A TJTVr OF MAST KrjfD EX- ;
• . FB£SSI0SS JtECKIVED.
Nenran Tablet Co., Chicaco. Ill-
Dear Elcs — I am using NI2RVAN for general
debility and lost energy. As an energy builder
they cannot be best. I feel like
yeara old and I am fifty. I would -not be with-
out them aod I will try and Induce others to
take them. 8. A. READ.
one wold. 111.. Oct. 6. 1903.-
5 Lansinr. Mich., Oct. 25, 1903.
ICervaa Tablet CO., Chicago. 111.
Gentlemen — I am very much pleased to state
that XER VAN TABLETS make me feel Jlke a
new tnan. : Two months ago I was in a bad
condition, i ant now very much etronger. have
m eood appetite and am gaining flesh. My
nerves are In ftne condition. I find KERVAN
TABLETS are good for kidney trouble. Grate-
fully yours. GEO.-W. STONE.
Nervan "Tablet Co... Chicago. 111.
Dear Sirs — I 'have taken ' Nerran TABLETS
for Nervousness and find that they do all you
<~!a:m for them. I rhall recommend them to
my frlrnds. .Very truly.
MISS V. M. DANLT.
CTiioaro, Aur. 18. 1903.
nPII/inr of liquid preparation* that oon-
nPWDnf tain alcohoi. Th"3" stimulate
you treat harm. You take no chances with
. XERVA.V TABLETTS. as the>' contain no alco-
hol or olhT injurious ingredients. Take the
peer of all Rlood and Nerve remedies, XER-
VAN TABLETS. They wJll eurely cure you.
Hold and recommended by
UJTION DRUG COMPACT STOKES:
214 Kearry Street.
Stocktoa and OTarrell Streets.
acarket- Street and Van ZTeas Aveane.
Sixth Street, corner KiBslon.
318 BEontromery Avenue.
400 Sntter Street. ,
Valencia Street, cor. Twenty-Third.
California aad rillmore Streets.
or *ent direct upon receipt of $1. •
XTEBVAV TABLET CO, CaiCMTO, HI.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BARBAROUS SURGICAL OPERA-
TION .
For the Cure .of Piles '¦*•''
Is not only Intensely painful, danger-
ous to life and very expensive, but in*'
the light of modern medical research,
and since the, discovery of the Pyramid
Pile Cure, wholly unnecessary. If you
have anx doubt on this point kindly,
read the following letter from one who
knows that the claims regarding the
merits of the Pyramid Pile Cure are
borne out by facts.
"For a long time I suffered with blind
piles. They gave me so'much pain and
• uneasiness that, they almost disquali-
fied me-, for doing anything. I saw an
'ad in the Atlanta Journal of Pyramid.
Pile Cure and* ordered -a 50-cent "box.
, I used them and they gave me relief;*
that encouraged me and I* bought an-
• "other 50-cent box and they cured me.
Oh, howl glad that I am well again!
"The Pyramids .cured me and I am
satisfied,, they will cure anybody
who is Suffering as* I \cas, If they 'will
use them. • , ''. ,'
. • "You may us.e this In ajiy way you
'see proper, if my expe.riejice will* en-
courage-any sufferer to use your Pyra-
mids I shall be "glad."
• H. -K. .HIGKS/Calhyun. CTa.
• The Pyramid Pile "Cure is sold , by
'druggists for 50°cetrts a package and lta
merit is so well kjvowrl th.ir.the sales
excjeed those, -of all similar remedies
• combined. ". . • ;'**K ' r '.*-r
; Write .Py»a"m'd 'Dru'g Gcr... .Marshall,
Mich., -for .their; little -book ' pn the
cau;e« and cure, of piles, which is sent
free for the asking*. . . •• ; '" ~ /*;
Sotimmn
: fope. Pale and Sparkling. Bottle*
j Oldyat the Brewery m SL.Loafe.
1 SOLD EVERYWHERE.
1 HIl-Ur:u V .HJiBCANTILE COi.
.8 Pacific Coast Agents.
IroundtabI
Iarrow brand!
1 15CENTS.2FOR25CENTS M
0 . CLUCTT. PEABOOV A CO ft
gfl Maters ot Clnett aad Mosarca Shirts ||
I ili"
¦
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
OF- THr " *
CONDrriONAND AFFAIBS
rtOYAL
INSURANCE COMPANY- *
OF UVERPOOU EMGLAXD. ON THIS
Mst day of December, 'a. D. 1902. and
•for the 'year endttig on that day, as made to
the * Insurance "Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
• ASSETST
Real Estate owned by Company. '.$!. 421,013 82
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 834,000 00
Cash Market Value, of all Stock3
and Bonds owned by Company. ..*3, 600. lot 04
Cash 1 In Company's Offlcs 1.922 32
Caah Inr Banks :'. T27.46S 87
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 41.679 31
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages S.3O4 5S
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection : 1.034.M9 01
Rents due and accrued 4.6S7 63
Due" from other Companies fur re-
insurance on losses already paid. 32.607 39
Total Assets .J7.73g.833 10
. Liabilities.
Losses adjusted and unpaid f 47.S09 si
Leases in process of Adjustment or
i'n Suspense ..'..... 266.063 90
Losses resisted, including expanses. 101,700 73
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less,- |3.354,- '
839 77: reinsurance SO r*r cent.. 1.077.419 39 *¦
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $4,599.-
204 S7; reinsurance pro rata 2.4i3.233 62
Amount reclatmable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance pol-
icies ..'. ". 198.531 «T
Liability under Life Department... 100.533 3-1
All other liabilities 46S.7SO 02
Total Liabilities S3.3C6.32S 10
rxcoan:. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ....,...*. .*.... SI. 743,213 79
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ,'r 21,373 CO
Received for Interest and dividends
. on Bends. StocWs. Loans anil
from all other sources 143. 6fM S4
Received for Rents 60.634 43.
Total Income* .|4.972.J)22 83
Pj28 expenditthes. "'.
Net amount raid for Fire Losses
<lncludtnc/$trcO.22S 02, losses U
previous years) $2,336,028 33
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerait« •<¦ ¦ . ......... 830. 703 W
Paid for Satartes. Fees and 'other .,
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 3S3.6G3 SI
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 127.SS0 14
All other payments* and expendi-
tures v 317.334 *9
Total Expenditures $4,213,625 60
Flro.
Losses Incurred during th« year.. ;S2. 407.022 Ct
Ulsks and Premiums. 1 Fire Risks. I Premiums.
' i
Netanv>t:nt of Risks
written during the :
yeiir ..I S7S7.S7S.eO2'$7.633.2S« 63
Net amocnt of Risks :
expired during the *
year 792.703.633; CSS6, 77ft 13
Net amount in force! ;
December 81. 100C..I 796. 073.3051 7.054.014 M
E. F. BEDDALL, V. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to b«fore me, this 2tith
day of Janunrj-. 1903.
EDMUND HARVEY. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT
ROLL A V. WATT," Manager,
201 Sanfome St.. San Franc oco.
JNO. T. FOOARTT. Assistant Manager; F. B.
KELLAM.' Branch .( Secretary: JNO. R.
HILLMAN. Superintendent Local Depart-
ment.
ADVERTISEMENTS. g£ * ./ The unwisdom of some men dealing: in public affairs
sometimes passes understanding. Disgracing .the name of
his tradesmen for cunning, a burglar operated in Oakland
the other day and was killed. Why did, he not remain in
San Francisco and thrive? This is one of the problems a
sociologist is stumped to solve. r
The pupil must put all the strength
in the Onger he can as it. comes down,
but afterthe note has once been struck
forcibly he must not keep pressing his
finger down, for" that induces a- flat,
hard Bound, the reverse of that we are
working for. Instead, while still hold
ing the finger on the key, but not press
ing, he can hold the tone, with its ring-
Ing quality, perfectly, well, ' by a little
effort. of the will, even while hjs. arm,
wrist and even fingers are moving
lightly, in response to the circle mo
tion. The fingers do not leave the keys
at this time (except the ' one that is
upraised preparatory to striking . the
next note), but they move around free
ly en - their respective notes, in obedi
ence to the re!axlhg_exercise, and the
finger that has just struck and is hold*
Ing the note down moves as frpely as
the .rest, being sure, however, to' keep
the note down and- not to let. it^ rise
until .the next one I3 ready r to strike.*
Now, still counting "one, two, three,",
let him try the scale, putting all the
strength he can possibly muster Into
each note, without tightening the mus
cles thereby. He must raise his fin
gers very high Cstill curved, however),
and bring them down with a clear, bell
like tone, which must have enough
ringing quaiity to last through the in
tervening relaxing motion, until the
next note- is struck, which, in Its turn,
holds Its "singing "quality" until tho
note beyond It strikes.
It is very important that these notes
should all be struck slowly, with ex
actly the same amount of time . be
tween each one, and . that the sound
should hold' over (the finger : remain-
Ing on the key during the relaxing) un
til the next mote is struck, but not a
moment longer. Remember, the rule
for raising and lowering the fingers
plenty of time between, but .the move
ment simultaneous and as quick as
possible. . • ' " . .
• • •
the seeming difference in .the hands,
let. him begin with the descending
scale of the. left hand, returning by
the .ascending scale. , After a few
trials in this way he wiU'readily see
that it is Just the same thing that he
has been doing Vith his right hand,
only turned exactly around.
FOURTH FINGER SCALE EX
ERCISE, AFTER FOURTH
FINGER HAS LEFT KEY.
Try it first with oneMiand, then with
the other, for nil these exercises are
Intended for both hands. The two
hands must practice separately, how
ever, as that is the only way to insure
ngrainst mistakes. When one has two
hands to watch something is sure to
go unnoticed, even with the most con
scientious pupn. 9£<H
When the child has overcome all
the difficulties of this exercise. Both
at the table and at the piano, try the
movement v.'ith enough strength, in
the fingers to cause -^ sound. Xow
watch everything: — position of fingers.
:irm and hand— and constantly try
the njuscles to see thnt they are keep-
Ing 1 relaxed; see that the hand does
not twist as the fingers pass over or
under; that the thumb does not fall
Much time must be given to the
practice of this exercise, for it is the
pith and core of scale playing, and a
great deal of time may be saved by
conquering this point by itself in
stead of • Folnj? through the * whole
scale each time. ' ''
Now, try the exercise a number of
times, passing the thumb under the
hand until it stands over the note prop
erly occupied by the fifth finger. Then
let it drop, a*nd Immediately fling the
.hand out sideways, with great freedom,
as in the lasf lesson. Now fling it back
again, raising: the fourth finger as the
hand swings back and crosses over the
thumb. As the fourth finger comes down
on the note to the left of the thumb
(the thumb being on G) the rest of the
hand springs back into position by aid
of the lateral wrist motion, and the
hand is once more in "playing posi
tion" and re.ady to recommence the ex
ercise.
•It will be seen that this is exactly
the same exercise as that given in the
leet lesson, except that the fourth fin
ger is used Instead of the third. If a
fuller understanding of it is desired go
back to the last lesson once more and
apply all the rules there explained to
the exercise as given to-day. <
*.</. • *
When the fourth finger is mastered,
both going ur> and coming down the
piano, there is no further obstacle to
srale playing. The .rest will be plain
sailing. Merely substitute the thumb
for the .fifth (little) finger on the last
note of each octave, and one may go
nn ad infinitum, or at least to the top
of his plann. . * r":'^:
Now have the pupil again try the lit
tle scal?» exercise- described in the last
le?f=on>. this time throwing the fourth
finger instead of the third as before,
and by this rhear.s "bringing the thumb
down -where the fifth (little) finger
would be under ordinary circumstances.
This is to enable. the hand to move on
up into' the next octave, thus increas
ing the scale to two 'octaves fnstead of
one. . '
th>ir.J>arrnts* to-, be "quite advanced"
"have . corr.e to«rre and have -rattled on*
.thelr.Ffalfrs at breakneck speed, plung
ing along recklessly and landing on the
note*<eafh tjme the* fingers crossed)
ivith i\ rrat : can only be described as- a
•'Fick'ening thud." • : • • ;•" f'
fiovr. all this is Ju-st what we must
.avoid, hj first of all getting the fingers
.t.o'pass under and over each ot-her with
out any.effo'rt whatever.
FOUJITOH FINGER SCALE EX
• 1 ERCI.SE, A£CEN*I>1NG. . -
The left hand is, of course, exactly
the same thing as the. right, but, nat
urally, the ascending scale begins on
•the" little finger, and continues straight
through the fingers, the third finger
crossing, over at A to finish out the
gcale.. In the same way, the descend
ing, scale progresses by the thumb
taking the place of the fourth finger,
and striking G, and so on down.
If the pupil is a little confused by
proper . sequence, thus insuring a
smooth scale, devoid of breaks. That
is the secret of. the whole thing—be
ing there on time-^and if the finger
passing under or over, up or down,
as the case- may be, starts toward its
goal just as soon as it is free to move,
and; gradually reaches the desired po
sition quietly and unostentatiously,
while the fingers under (or over)
which it passes are still doing their
required work, there is not a second's
•time lost and the moment the other
fingers have finished the thumb (or
finger.as the case may be)' stands up,
raised directly over the note it is to
ptrike, as if it had aiways been there
for that particular purpose.
When . first practicing the scale to
produce tone, take it In one octave
only, trying one hand a few times,, and
.then the other.
Mpre'-than unce chifdren supposed by
;:;••;• i :Picuw: Practice!
¦JTSons- Writer Formerly Dirrctor of Music In
: - tile -Cohere of Pt. John "the Baptist. Xe»
jj'-TorttJ; ' . ' ' • : ., •
.*: <jpop>-r)ght,.10C3.."by Joseph B. .Bowles.). •
.Toward the of our last lesson •nre
'took ug an. exercise intended to facili
tate- the working of the thumb and
third", finger as they move respectively
•under and over the other fingers during
: .t he -progress of .the scale. T.""
.¦; Before "applying" this exercise to the
.jj'iarid I wish -the litile'pupil to try it
'•aniarelextendedform, which 'is to pre
'r>are"hrm-for playing- scales 'not/mly in
»jne^ -octave, but ih: t\ro, three or four
•ortavei as* circumstances may require.
¦; The' whole difficulty in scale playing
.•is in getting the notes, to run smoothly
•\\hen the fingers pass under or over
"each .other -(as explained in the last les--
Von).* .The rest is easy enough, when
• once ; the pupil understands, tne .art of
holding his hand and arm correctly. and
Using His ftngers in the proper manner,
lkit.it fe .quite another thing' to manage
this, flapping of the fingers under and
.c-y^r in' fcach a way that there will be
ho' loss of rhythm, no roughness of
tone..." no slisnt break in the sound of ;
:th"?.. scale as the- changing -fingers hit,
..-the • keys.' .
The city, at the cost of the taxpayers, established a
municipal printing office, a carpentry bureau, a bureau of
electrical construction andTepair, a veterinary bureau" to
look after the health of 'the city's horses, and wheel
wrights, blacksmiths, plumbers; painters and letterers in
large numbers became' city employes and took their
place on the public payroll. There was also established
a municipal ice- plant, to supply ice for the. public offices
and drinking fountains, and. ultimately to supply the peo
ple at cost with ice during the/ .hot months. When the
whole scheme was put in operation Boston felicitated her
self that she was independent of the. contractors and
business men and able to live entirely within herself, jj
The system was maintained for two yearsj\ Then Mr.
Quincy left the Mayor's office and was succeeded by an
old business man, Mr. Hart, who was soon called on to
sign vouchers, for city work. He examined them/busi
ness fashion, and then began to look into the matter of
cost. He found a job of electrical equipment on the
ferry-boats belonging to the city, which a contractor of
fered to do for $6800, done by the city bureau, cost
$10,200. The electrical work on the building for hospi
tal nurses, worth $1528, cost $4754. Similar work on the
city armory, worth $2600, cost $6700, and on the public
school buildings work worth $1471 cost $3600. These
small finds se.t Mayor Hart hunting among the books,
vouchers and accounts. He found that the ice turned out
by the city ice plant was costing $60 a ton, while the mar
ket price was $2 a ton. When the investigation was fin
ished it was found that in the water department and . the
other business bureaus of the city the waste was so
enormous that the city debt had expanded over four
times the limit allowed by the law, and that this had been
effected by special acts of the Legislature, from time to
time, permitting the city to issue bonds to meet the de
ficits caused by the administration of the public utilities.
The payrolls were loaded down with employes, and
these in turn exerted thir political influence upon the
Cit3 r Council to continue piling up the burden. It was
found that this mixture of business and politics had made
it impossible- to secure efficiency. An employe in the
public printing office was discharged for incompetency.
He refused to accept the- discharge and, returned next day
saying to the superintendent: "Alderman Blank of South
.Boston says I'm to go back to work, and if you make any
kick about it I'm*to have your place and you go, see?"
And back he went. Under the civil service rules men in
any specialty could be called for and employed by non
competitive examination, and then be assigned to some
thing else than the work in which they were examined.
So it was found that there were employed > on -clerical
work or inspection of pipes and hydrants in the water
department men who got into the service as coppersmiths,
ship calkers, one as an swimmer," sailors, dial
makers, rubber gasket makers, riggers, splicers, stone
cutters, miners, beam tenders, wire men and rod men.
Each had been called by special requisition for his class
of work, though not even "expert swimming" was re
quired in administering the public •water plant.
It was found by Mayor Hart that one-third of the
city employes could be spared without hurting the ser
vice, they were discharged. It soon appeared that
by putting an end to this sumptuous system of running
public utilities and charging deficits off to the taxpayers
Boston was saved $600,000. The cost of everything
touched, handled and produced had exceeded the open
price by from 25 to several thousand per cent.
Yet it was admitted by Mayor Hart that the adminis
tration of these utilities had not been criminally cor
rupt. The forms of law had ,bcen respected, and Mayor
Quincy was an honest man. The trouble was that gov
ernment had gone into business, 'with the usual result
of inefficiency, extravagance and waste. The lesson was
not lost on Boston, and she has convalesced entirely from
her fever for public ownership of public utilities.
The lesson should' not be lost upon other cities
which are now free of such mistakes, and are
at liberty to avoid them if they, will. If the muni
cipal ice plant of Boston had been compelled to run on
its own income, does any one believe- that cost . of its
ice to the taxpayers would have been $60 a, ton? If the
water system were supported by the ratepayers alone, and
its payrolls and balancc-shccts ; Tnade public, does any one
believe that it would have had its payroll crowded with
sailors, expert swimmers, dial makers and splicers?
Without denying, as it is not necessary to our pur
pose, that some, public utilities may be in public owner
ship', we affirm that all experience" demands that each util
ity be supported solely and only by the income derived
from those who use.it. Boston has lost Utopia, but is
saving money by it. .
IN the year 1898 the city of Boston entered upon a
large number of ventures in public ownership, or real
.or supposed public utilities. Under Mayor Josiah
Quincy the city decided to do no business with contract
ors, but to establish its own shops and do all of its own
work by its own employes. The plan was very alluring.
It was to be put in operation under strict civil service
rules, and Mayor Quincy' was honest and enthusiastic
man 'and reformer. Whatever he said was indorsed and
* • •
Now, let him regularlj^ begin his
scale, sounding each note in turn, as
the finger strikes it.
The scale must be exactly as in
the 'non-striking exercise, but this
time he must relax between each note
(with one revolution of the circle
motion) lest the added strength used
<o bring out the tone shpuld tighten
any muscle.
To allow time for relaxation be
t-necn each nofe and y.et to. preserve
the rhythnu let him count, as the fin
ger rises, "one, two, three"' verS', very
slowly. Do not forget that the thumb
starts under the hand, just as. soon
as the second finger strikes the Keys,
so as to 'be ready to strike F in its
qucjrt rests,
our of Joint as the hand swings over
it or as it (the thumb) passes under
the hand; see that the fingers are kept
curved, and especially keep the boy
interested in it all and give him fre-
PUBLIC OWNERSHIP UTOPIA.
JOHN D. SPFECKELS, Proprietor. . . . • - •'- - •• Address All Commumcations to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Public^^
WEDNESDAY ':^'. : &i^»'?»^
...... -¦¦-.• V«^ v ¦."¦¦¦¦ . ,' .", -- - - ¦ . , -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2. 1903.
Spoci.il information supplied daily to
business houses snd public men by thm
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043. *
Somewhere in San Queritin penitentiary there is ajre
volver lost by., a peace officer, who' didn't have sufficient i'/e
for it ;td; take .care of it. > The fact is of public interest as a
probable prelude to -another; tragedy; , " / J V
TowTiFfncTs Callforafa glace fruJta airi
candles, 50c a. pound, in artistic ftre
etche»l box«>!«. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 713 Market St.. above Call bldg. •
At last the hidden terrors of Lhasa.
the> Forbidden City of Thibet, are be
gining to be uncovered. The New York
Sun gives the following account of the
opening wedse: ¦"*" '•
"No wonder that the Thlbetanr. hav*»
been . dismayed by, the white invasion
of their, southern mountains. The mis
sion which Colonel Younghiisband led
up the valleys from DarJIUng:, four
months 1 ago,- penetrated, thirty miles
into that pa»t of Thibet. The party had
Opening Up Lhasa
After, much diplomatic nonsense and a' deal of un
necessary-pleading/KingJ Peter of^Seryia lias been rec
ognized.by the United'States. It is sincerely.to be hoped
that^king'Peter will.not force Uncle Sam into that most
ungrateful of :.a]l ; positions— of ..being ashamed of his
friends. ._ j • ¦ . : --' v
- , At the exercises at New Orleans this'month in celebra
tion of the purchase of, the. Louisiana territory, Spain has
determined that she will.lin friendliness to, us, be repre
sented; by-a : first-class, modern ship "of : war. , Have /we
been living under V misapprehension Tor have our
thoughts been colored by our buoyant jingoism when r , we
ask the world. to believe that after the recent unpleasant
ness Spain didn't have a modern warship left? ':' *
Bless dem liT chillun— •
Each curly HT head,
Dreamin* er.de Chrls'mus
En de reindeer on de shed;
Axin' w'en dey comin*.
Ez" you tuck 'em up in bed —
Sleep, HT honey, 'twel de mawnln'!
Bless "dem .HT chillun!—
Dey talkin' night- eh day
'Bout Mister Chrls'mus comin'
"What been so long away;
En dey ruther have de Chrls'mus
Dan de mockln' birds er May-
Sleep, HT honey, 'twel de mawnln'!
—Atlanta Constitution.
De L€V Chilian.
In the Philippines the use of tobacco
.Is universal. The native child acquire*
the tobacco habit as soon as it Is able
to walk. In the northern provinces, es
pecially, it is no uncommon sight to
see a child five or six years old puffins
vigorously at a big cigar. The women
smoke fully as much as the men, and
commonly smoke cigars where the men
use cigarettes. In the northern parts
of Luzon, immense cigars, often a
couple of feet long and as thick as ths
wrist, are used. Such a cigar is »us«
pended-from a rafter of the house by
a string and smoked during tie day *
by all the members of the family as'
desired. B3H BuH
Beginning Early.
The New .York Sun nays that the es
timated population of the world In
1903 is 1,547.423.000. which is an in
crease of 39,505,0*00 over the estimates
for 1897, "or. an average Increase of
6,534.166 a year. At this rate "the
world's average growth of population
amounts In less than eleven years to
the number of persons now living in
the United States. • In the merely
business aspects of this rapfd growth
it is easy to* see that the large Increase
in ¦ the number of human beings ha3
been a very Important element in
raising the value of the international
exchanges of commodities In the past
forty years.
World's Population:
¦ Now The Call is not prone to fling
bouquets ajt itself, but when it receives
them from others it cannot help evinc
ing a pardonable pride. From the
genial editor of the Vlsalia Times we
have received the following gratifying
editorial notice: ¦ >• .,
"The San Francisco .Call is showing
marked evidences of Improvement In
Its editorial and news columns and Is
now second to none among the metro
politan newspapers of the coast .It
sees things beyond the city limits of
San Francisco and devotes much of its
valuable space to articles calling at
tention to the wonderful resources of
the great Interior valleys of the State,
realizing, no doubt, that they are
among the important factors which
tend to the upbuilding of California.
We are glad to note these facts, as The
Call can accomplish much good. fo'r the
whole State by continuing its able ef
forts along the lines to which we have
referred."
Excuse Us.
The. fact that cities are tbe" chief
breeders of Insanity -has-' lor.g been
known to alienists. Dr. Hammond
wrote in 1SS3 that "lafge'coilecflons of
people fn one "place certainly tend to
Increase In the number of the -insane.
The. larger the city and the rnore the
ir habitants are crowded together the*
greater, other things" being equal. 'will
be the number of the insane." It Is
also known that it is the poor who ara
most'prone to insanity. Overcrowding:.
underfeeding, bad -air In foul, tene
ments, alcoholic excesses and -other
vices undermine the vitality of thou
sands and lead to mental as* well as
physical breakdown.- Add to" these, "for
all classes, the epidemic get-rich-qulck
fever, the growing bitterness of compe
tition,' the anxieties and uncertainties
of professional life, the general forcing
of the pace with the resulting nervous
strain, the economic discontent seem
ingly growing even, with "increase rtt
wages, the unrest among women, and
we appear to have .causes enough for
the belief that the progress of civiliza
tion Increases brain disease. — New Yosk
Evening Post.
InSanitx in Cities.
Charles Keeler, the poet", who lives
over under the eaves of the Berkeley
hills, has a little daughter who has al
ready developed a remarkably practical
turn of mind, notwithstanding the In
fluence of heredity. Now Mr. Keeler Is
prouldly relating a story which shows
the precocity of his four-year-old.
Little Miss Keeler had overheard" her
mother complaining that the new ser
vant threw things away in the ash bar
rel which were perfectly good and
should have been kept In the .kitchen.
Each" complaint sank in upon the prac
tical little spul of the young one with
ever increasing. force.
One day last week Mrs. Keeler was
entertaining the wives of some of the
college professors, when the door
opened and in walked the young lady,
holding by its ruffled tall the corpse of
a battered molly cat.
"Mamma," said the little'housewife,
"look at this perfectly good cat, which
I found in the ash barrel."
Infant Economy.
Flogging as/a punishment for crime
is not confined to Delaware. '.- It Is
stiri applied for "roguery, and vagar
bond-age" in England, under a statute;
of George IV.' At a recent- session of
the Worcester Quarter Sessions a* man
inaicted for being a rogue and a vag
abond was Sentenced- to receive
"eighteen strokes of the birch"' .and
to suffer fourteen days* imprisonment.
It appears iJiat : tlie on'ly ofTense pow
punishable'by flogging 4n *En.g!and 13
that' of vagrancy. For this . delin
quency corp"oral punishment, 'unlim
ited either as to the -amount or Ihstrur
ment. may be publicly In
1900 a bill, which received many sup
porters in Parliament, proposed to ex
tend, the penalty of the lash to other
crimes, buMt.was-defea^ed. Humani
tarian mo'vements for the repeal of the
old vagraney.act have* been "thus far
unsuccessful. Several Jlome Secre
taries have urged its repeal and the
Humanitarian -League has. "recently
sent a protest against the act to the
Home Secretary, who., has the. power
to remit sentences. .The ' whipping
punishment has .been- inflicted on
British tramps, on several occasions
of late. " • .' ••-
flogging .for Crime.
Hutchinson is now hunting up a com
mercial directory, while the storekeeper
is wondering whereyhe is "at."
The boy thought differently and at
once consulted Officer Hutchinson, who
was on duty. - The officer, bounded up.
the stairs two steps at a time and went
to the lady's room, where he Informed
her that she had left herself, open to
arrest and punishment.
"Not at all, Mr. Officer,", she said.
"You do not seem to understand "this
case. You see, my name, fs Cora Os
borne Dare, and I instructed the pack
age be sent under my initials, which
are, as you see, C. O.. D."
A -new interpretation was given- to
the well-known commercial letters "C.
O. D." a few days ago when a messen
ger boy delivered a package to a lady
i-n a Taylor-street rooming-house. The
boy. handed the lady the package,
which she graciously received, and she
was about to cjose the door when the
messenger remarked that it was' a "CV
O. D.". package, with an indebtedness
of $4 50 to be paid. " ; 7 • -. :
"You are mistaken, sonny," she- re
plied, "there is nothing due on it."
Ingenious Shopper.
Beers* .wines and brandies; the output of the. Stockton
flouring-mills; farinaceous products, like macaroni and
starch; agricultural machinery, blankets, glass, coal, bri
quettes and leather— all these- are included among the
manufactures of the_county. Of course the educational
advantages of the county will be much in evidence.
Charts" and literature will, illustrate location and climate
and soil. Fourteen sub-committees are requiredto- take
charge of the widely diversified productsthat justice/may
be.done to each when the collective exhibit is madeup.
An epitome may be found in the recommendation of
the cpmmittee that "of the fifteen departments at St.
Louis San Joaquin County should be represented inia't
least six— education, manufactures, machinery, horticul
ture, mines and metallurgy and agriculture." Inferen
tially great resources may be discerned in'- this classifica
tion of products in which San Joaquin County feels com
petent to shine amid the competition of the world "and
win prizes. , ¦ .. • .¦ ¦ ¦ '"".. ?¦-.¦'•
r-*"y HE preparations that are making for the exposition
1 at St. Louis in 1504 will have the immediate effect
•*• of determining, especially in : California, the devel
oped and also the latent resources of the land. Every
State and every county that has in view to attract desir
able settlers will unquestionably put its best foot fore
most and show to. the world, all that it has. The state
ment has so often been made that California's resources
are more varied than those of any other land under the
sun that it has become trite, yet the present demand for
exhibits to be sh6wn*at St. Louis has so amply demon
strated its truth that no intelligent observer will. venture
to dispute it. . ¦.» - •
At the gateway of the San Joaquin Valley is the fer
tile and enterprising county of San Joaquin. This county
has prepared to exhibit well at the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition. Incidentally, a list of the classes of county
products that will be sent forward to St. Louis has been
published in the Stockton Independent. The county has
352 manufacturing establishments, of which, so says the
Independent, 291 are in Stockton. The. output of these
plants is valued at more than^j^ooo.ooo per annum. • All
sorts of manufactured goodsand wares for home use are
made; To enumerate them would take much space.
.It appears that there are seventy-three varieties of
grapes that are grown to* perfection . in San Joaquin
County. These will be shown at St. Louis to make the
mouths of millions of visitors water. The county is one
of the leading almond sections of the State, and it also
has to display, from its ample store, chestnuts, walnuts,
pecans and peanuts. Among the pomaceous and stone
fruits that thrive under the genial sky that drops fatness
on the county are peaches, plums, apricots, prunes, cher
ries, nectarines, quinces and pears. Many samples of
these fruits, canned and dried, will be in the San Joaquin
County show for the St. Louis Exposition.
A comprehensive collection of seeds that has been made
embraces about every sort of flower and vegetable seed
that is known." The committee that has charge of gathering
exhibits illustrative of Sa,n Joaquin County's resources,
knowing what is produced, has recommended that "an.
especially strong display of potatoes, onions, beans, as
paragus, chicory, "sugar beets, olives and other vegetable
food products should be made. While a Jimited display
in processed form. is recommended, arrangements should
be made to show the natural product, both in season and
from cold storage. While fruits should be shown from
San Joaquin County, greater emphasis should be made
at St. Louis with produce, cereals, dairy products, etc." •
Turning to the matter of cereals the county committee
enumerates as <a part of the county sho\v>cprn, Egyptian
c6rn, ( ; wheat, rye and barley. Among the forage plants
and fodder are alfalfa, rye crass, alfilaria and qlover. Un
der the head of animal ioSd products are arrayed dairy
products and eggs. The livestock men will be repre
sented by dairy herds, beef cattle, thoroughbred horses,
sheep and hogs. Domesticated birds will lend variety and
cheerful noise to attract spectators.
PRODUCTS OF ONE COUNTY.
'When the United States of /Colombia conceived the
futile plan of bribing Uncle Sam to accept concessions
that she had no right to give, in reference . to 'isthmian
canal affairs, she seems to have confused the moral stan
dards of theservant with those of the master. She may
have found v it easy to tempt 'American underlings, but
Uncle Sam is impeccable. Besides, Washington hasn't
time to accept gold bricks in payment for national dis
honesty. .
"No white man had ever, before seen
this fort of Khirtnba, wtiich is about'a
hundred miles' north of the terminus'
of the Indian, railroad at Darjlling.' It
was r far fo the west that Landor. was
caught and tortured. But the Indian
Bnrveyor'3 who', disguised as Buddhists,
have passed through the rich and ¦well
tilled valleys on their Way to: Lhasa,
have- known of the rudely armed, troops
who have sallied forth from Khamba
Jong with their matchlocks, lanc.es,
swords. and slings upon the first -lnti-.
mation that Europeans^ were knocking
for admittance at the southern passes
leadfng into their country." .
received authority from Lhasa. to afl
vance thus far to Khamba Jong {Jons
is a Thibetan word meaning fort), and
•was to meet there the representatiyes
of the Lhasa government.; But the
hearts, of ihe Thibetans. mJsgaye them'
and they failed* to keep their appoint
ment;, and the subjects -of the .Dalai
Lama who till those valleys were badl?.
frightened when they saw* the mission/
and it> military escort.. Mr they live
•near the frontier where 00 thought is
"so insistent and ever present as .that
of the constant vigilance required to
ward off "missions and all 'other jCorma
of intrusion. .• " *' : .¦*
' Mtfss,;who is now foreign freight clerk,
.for the. Santa Fe Railroad.* did not
view the stiuation enthusiastically, put,
I like a good soldier, he hastened to obey
I the command -to knock a dozen clerks
off the. pay roll. *
In the railroad offices a personal rec
ord* of each employe is on file, and it
shows. among numerous other facts the
recommendation that brought appoint
ment. Agent vJMoss" selected twelve
names, but he. saw" to it that the dozen
fated to "go had been given positions
through the influence of the Crockers.
Stanfords, Huntingtons, Hopklnses.
Coltons, etc". After telegraphing the
names to- Superintendent Wilder, who"
had at his command copies of the^ per
sonal record, Moss awaited results*. The
telegraphic correspondence' that fo.l
lowed was somewhat in this wise:
From Wilder to Moss— "Can't you
discharge twelve clerks with Ies3 Influ
ence?" "¦ r\'^ ' *
From Moss to Wilder— '.'Clerks named
are poorest in the office. Folly to dis
charge twelve, good men and leave
these. Recommend these for good of
the service." !
. From Wilder to Moss— "Let the mat
ter drop for the present."
There was great ado at the Southern
Pacific Company's local freight offices
at Fourth and King streets one day
when the late A. D. Wilder, division
superintendent, sent orders to John
aioss, the assistant freight agent, that
the clerical force must be reduced be
cause the tonnage for the season was
not ud to the figure of, the previous
year. Superintendent Wilder insisted
that the staff must be cut in propor
tron. to the -lowering .in freighting
handled.
'A Little Guile.
turc. But we want to file one. demurrer. If that young
lady financier do better work than the collapsed man she
should have his pay and not be put off with $15,000 less.
Speaking now in dead and male earnest, "we know of
young women, in important business positions, carrying
great responsibilities,' and with a knowledge of the busi
ness that is indispensable, who if they were men would be
admitted to partnership, but who, being women, are paid a
[•oor salary, far less than a man would expect, and with
no prospect whatever of a partnership and a share in the
profits.
We think that Rev. Mr. Hillis would.be doing more
good if he would endeavor to equalize these inequalities
in the rewards of business service than he is likely to ac
complish by threatening man with extinction, for man
will never be wiped, off the face of the earth, for the
simple reason that women are too ladylike to abolish him.
In the future, as in the past, business capacity will assert
itself with opportunity, regardless of sex. Reform" lies
in securing for it the "proper reward, regardless of # sex.
Only a small percentage of women will renter the busi
ness field, and the larger number will make and adorn
the homes and rock tHe cradle that holds the future of the
republic. But let the minority have the -just reward of
their capacity and toil. ¦%¦ .
FOURTH FINGER SCALE EX
ERCISE^ DESCENDING.
IS man to take a back seat, or stand up, with no seat
at all? Rev. Mr. Hillis. a New York clergyman, has
warned his fellow men that they are in danger of
losing .to women their supremacy in business, as they,
have already lost it in mere shape.
: It all happened, this proof of the.coming subordination
of man, by the sudden illness of ; a manager; of a large
financial, institution in New. •.York. 'He ha'dV for.; years' 1
drawn a salary of $25,000 a year. In the emergency of his
iilness the directors put the whole business in charge of
his young lady stenographer •and^typewriterV who had
filled that position;for a half-score of years. The man
ager's collapse^ became chronic. Tlie young ; lady's man *
agement became chronic alst^, and was such a success; ex
cee&ing anything ever accomplished by the $25,000 man,
that she is now in_ full charge at $10,000 a year. From
this the preacher concludes tliat mfifty years women will
know more than men, will vote and order: the men" how
to' vote, ahdunless t men '/stop drinking' poor ; whisky,
gambling and buying pools on the races," ; they will'. be
asking* women - for 'fifty cents, for the: ladies will earn the
money and carry the sack. v ¦
Amen, we say; bullyfor Mary. Jane, present and; fu-'
THE TROUBLES OF MAN.
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MAN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8;. : We ? have . all the > new - pictures - and
frames fol" the holiday trade now on ex-*
hibitlon and * sale. .> Come and see ; them.
Sanborn. Vail &. Co. _ . ; •
; The Swedish Ladles' Society of ! this
city will give' its • eighth grand annual
entertainment and ball at Turn Vereln
Hall. 353 Turk street, on Saturday even-
Ing,' -December; 5. ; An excellent pro
gramme has been arranged and a good
time is a83ur"ed«^gBHBJj|^HBHEMH
> Swedish Society to Giv© Ball.
of the ' club .offered him in; his -work
should'lt at any. time' be required. '--".
An especially good brew, of tea' : was
served In the tearoom, where' the morh
bers and - guests lingered until the
shadows fell. ,
CBNTERVILLEJ. Iowa. Dee. l.-Dr.vI^'! J."
Sawyers, appointed by the . heirs of ¦. the late
ex-Governor t>rake to -close his affairs, wlir
disrecard the will . found in the Des ,Moln»s
consistory on Sunday. The heirs will attempt
to keep It from probate.
Fail to *• Observe Game Laws.
'¦¦ Deputy i Fish .-Commissioner A. T. New
some arrested «C. H. Jorgensen at New
man yesterday for using, a set' net in Jhe
San ' , Joaquin River, Justice of. 1h«
Peace ; Brown , of Newman held the de
fendant " to ) answer before ; the . Superior
Court. 1 Justice' of the -Peace Wright; of
Bradley fined. L. Baslett. $25 yesterday
forishlppipsr quail illegally to a promi
nent commission-merchant of.this city.'.
When paying your gas bill did you
ever stop. to Inquire the cost of a gas
range? If not better do so next; time
and flnd.out how to use them.. Their
cheapness will surprise you/ S. F. Gas
and Electric Co., 416 Post street* - •
1 The members of . Cpmpany B, First
Regiment, N. G.C., gave a banquet; last
Monday evening' In celebration; of the
election Of Alexander McCullOch .to the
office- of second lieutenant' of the' com
pany. The' newly elected lieutenant has
been a member of Company B. for. a num
ber of years, serving as a private, cor
poral, sergeant, and first sergeant. ; Be-
Bldes : his . servjee:, .with the National
Guard he ; has'; served with distinction in
the cadet corps of the University of Cali«
fornia. graduating, from that in r 1896
with.tha rank of colonel. , .,.-,..¦./
Company, B 'Gives Banquet.
Some very swell wedding invitations
come from Knowles, 24 Second street.
Main 698." •
BERLJN. Dec. 1. — Dr. Joseph H»rsf«Id. a
Social-Democratic member of the . Relchstac
from Rostock, Mecklenburg, was condemned to
a short term of Imprisonment In Berlin to-day
for voting twice- at th« recent. elections. '
The trial of Jue Llm, charged with
grand larceny, which commenced be
fore a Jury In Judge Dunne's court yes
terday, showed the peculiar ways of
the Chinese when called upon to testify
in "court. Huey Guey, one of the wit
nesses for the prosecution, was ordered
into custody for committing perjury
and- will , remain In the custody of, the
Sheriff till the , conclusion of, the trial
to-morrow..
jue Lira and Tee Hip are , accused
of having entered the. Jewelry store of
Gim ' Hi, 811 Dupont street, on August
21 and stealing a gold bracelet of the
"value of $29. Huey. Guey was employed
in the store and testified for the prose
cution at the preliminary examination.
When called In court' yesterday he said
he knew nothing about th© case and
denied \ havlnsr testified in the Police
Court Detective McMahon and r Cor
poral Sylvester were called - and . swore
that Huey Guey testified in the lower
court, and the Judge ordered him into"
custody for contempt. K Glm .HI said,
that Huey - Guey had told him - that he
had been threatened by friends or the
defendant.'
Court.
Denies Before Judge) Dunn© Hav
ing Testified In the Police
Better keep the devil outside than
<!rive him out of the bouse.
CHINESE ORDEBED INTO
% CUSTODY FOB PERJURY
H. Revburn, 530 Chenery street, re
ported to the police yesterday that for
the last two weeks various articles had
been stolen from the basement of his
house, but ho could, not catch ,'lhe
thieves. He suspected two boys who
live In the neighborhood and was aq>
vlaed to keep a watch on them.
Misses Articles From Basement
Bedmaker Confesses Theft.
Herbert Besslngwood, a,bedmaker at
the Chicago Hotel. 222 Pacific street.
was arrested by P«llcemeri Smith and
Eduer «arly yesterday mornlnjr on bus*- .
ricJnn oi havlns stolen $55 from tho
room- ot John Brill. He acknowledged
hla guilt to tbe officers and was booked
at the City Prison on a charge of grand
larceny. , . *
ROME. Dec. 1. — Although Ambassador Mey»r
Is confined to hta bed aa the result of a, fall
from hl» • horse yesterday while- (ox hunting 1 ,
hla Injuries are -of a slight natur*
At the session last night the attor
ney for Ely intimated that something
sinister lay behind the charges;- but
Chief of Police Wittman quickly ¦ re
plied that they were brought 'with a
view of obstructing' any attempt to
violate 'the ordinance against gW-
Sergeant of Police Hans H. Chris
tiansen, Policemen Thomas Larkin
and Edward Mills testified to having
visited the place with a search war
rant on November 7 and to finding a
suite of rooms occupied by gamblers
and fitted up with gambling para
phernalia. Including the roulette ta
ble. Ely, who admitted the officers to
the rooms, said that he was not aware
of the presence of games of chance
until a couple of days before the raid
iiml said that he had ordered their re
moval when the police swooped down
upon h.'m.
Forst admitted that he had given
tne information on which the raid
was made and stated as a reason that
he proposed to conduct the place as a
restaurant and not as a gambling
den. When reminded that the revo
cation of the license would affect hlfa
as a* half owner he replied that he
considered It was his duty to prevent
violations of the law and to tell the
truth, regardless of what Ely, his
partner, did.
The Commissioners, after being sat
isfied that Ely was a party to the
gambling scheme, revoked the license
of the place, but gave Forst, whom
they considered acting In good faith,
privilege to apply for Its renewal In
lils own name at the next meeting.
Forst became # n. partner of the Mal-
EOn Rlche on *June 11 of the present
year. He secured^ 2500 shares of
Btock for which he paid $5000. Re
cently he % commenced several suits
against liis partner, Ely, claiming
that the latter was robbing him and
not dividing a Just share of the prof*
its. ' ;. ' ¦ \. ' '¦ ¦¦¦¦', : -
The scene of hostilities between
Ralph Ely and E. H. Forst, partners
in the Maison Rlche, was transferred
to the chambers of the Police Com
missioners last night. A costly rou
lette table found by police officers in
the place was made the* instrument
by which Ely .was shorn of power and
Forst w a lk e <l forth a victor. The
liquor license of the place ' was re
voked and' the patrons, for a week at
leant, must dine according to the tem
perance code until Forst- can secure
n new license in hi3 own name to the
exclusion of Ely. '.
Mr. Gates made the announcement
that over 50 per cent of the men be
hind prison bars to-day are under 25
years of age, and that, an overwhelm
ing percentage of- these received their
education from the streets. He made
an- eloquent appeal to club women and
to all who are interested In tho subject
of good citizenship to urge the enforce
ment of boys and girls into schools,
where they will at least glean the
fundamental principles of right living
and "get started right" during the for
mative period of their characters.
The system of short terms for'crlmi
nals — those .who return more or less
regularly to the prisoners' dock^ — was
vigorously condemned. ' "Put them
away," says Mr.; Gates, "on an indeter
minate .sentence and if there's any
reformation In them the hope\to be
come high-class men; who will gain their
liberty soonest, will bring about the de
sired results. And If that fall, ' then
lock them up forever, for .they are In
corrigible menaces to society and
should' be put where they can ,do no
further harm. And this course, though
apparently harsh,- is. the only: sane one
for ' the protection of society - f rom ; the
abnormal and congenitally vicious."
At- the > conclusion- of the address a
rising vote ! of } thanks was . given Mr.
Gates aod the assistance and support
He reviewed Jhe classes of people
that the board of charities had to deal
with— the defective, the delinquent, the
dependent and the depnuu?d — and made
the statement that the'province of the
board was not to manage the various
Institutions provided for these charges,
but .to supervise their management, to
gather euch knowledge and data as will
assist in their Intelligent administra
tion and to seek out and stamp out
abuses wherever they are found to
exist.
Before the speaker was presented to
the clubwomen Mrs. George Law Smith
announced that a bit of very important
news had arrived from Washington and
that Mrs. A. D. Sharon would impart
It to «tne club. Thereupon Mrs7"Sharon,
who Is chairman of the standing com
mittee on Calaveras Big Trees, read
a letter from Congressman N. J. Gil
lette.--to whose custody the Calaveras
Big Trees bill has-been intrusted by the
California Club. The letter conveyed
the very welcome information that on
November 17 the Calaveras Big Trees
bill, carrying ari appropriation of $250,
000, had been read aryi placed on file in
the lower house, and that circum
stances indicated a prompt and favor
able, report upon the same. This infor
mation was received with the greatest
enthusiasm by- the .club — the vigilant
mother of the bill— and "Mrs. Sharon re
ceived- many expressions of apprecia
tion anjl to s^ek out and stamp' out
long years in behalf of the. bill that has
Just started forth upon its career for a
second time.
After the applause attending the/an
nouncement had died away Mr. Gates
was presented by Mrs.' George Law
Smith. •
Testerday was the California Club's
busy "da'y. The feature of the afternoon
•was an addpess' upon "The Purpose of
a State' Board of Charities and Correc
tions,", by Almont W. Gates, the secre
tary of- the California State Board of
Charities.
W. " Gates Advocates
Compulsory Educa- •
" tion of Youths.
Roulette Table Pound on
the "Premises by
. . the Police.
SAYS YOUNG MEN
FILL THE JAILS
MAISON RICHE
LOSES LICENSE
POSTMASTER OF SAN. FRANCISCO WHOSE RESIGNATION 'l£ IN
* THE HANDS OF THE PRESIDENT AND FORMER SPEAKER OF
THE ASSEMBLY WHO WILL PROBABLY SUCCEED HIM*
"Does the resignation take effect Im
mediately or on the first of the year?"
."That I don't know. It la in the
hands of the President."
Postmaster Montague was reticent
about discussing: the matter. He ad
mitted that he had resigned and said
he did so because of ill health.
"How long ago did you resign, Mr.
Montague?" he was asked.
"Some time ago," he replied^
"I understood that my name would
-b<» presented to the President."' said
Mr. Fisk last evening, "but until fny
-appointment is confirmed I can say
nothing for publication. I knew that
.1 was recommended by the Republican
organization of this State and that
Senator Perkins would present my
name. It would b«? Jn poor taj«te for me
to say anything at present. My friends
s eeem to believe that I will be selected
for the Important position. I trust
their belief Is founded on fact"
Mr. Fisk is a Harvard graduate and
is a lawyer by profession. • He is mar
j-ied and has two cklldren.
I Mr. Fisk has been prominently men<
tioned as • a " successor to William F.
Wynn as Congressman from the Fifth
District. His friends have begged him
to declare himself a" candidate", in order
that they" might begin working In his
behalf at this early day.
.It M* -aiiit* .probable that Arthur G.
F*isk will- be the next Postmaster of
SaaiFrajiciscp. ' Senator George C. Per-
Jdns has submitted Fisk's name to
IPreiident Roosevelt, and Senator Bard
has'-ac^uiVced in his. appointment.. All
.thai- re;nains "Is for the President to
send "Mr, Fisk's name to the Senate for
"con^rmation. This he will likely do
y.-itftfa the next few days. ;
¦ ..Fjr.tiie last month, speculation has
beea rifi^ in political circles over 'the
¦jirol»fbl© : Euccesspr of Postmaster W.
• W. j^lorrtafiTae/ it was known that
•JilrJ Montague -had forwarded his res
i^rnaxi.on to TN'ashington and there was
vvefy .'likelihood of it .being accepted.
The.d came the postofflce scandals, and
X.was deefned best to withhgld action
on'llia PoEtrriaster's resignation . until
i.h-e etorra jnight blow ov.er. Now that
the scandal has- been aired and the
Postmaster's name has not "been, cou
pled in any way with those mixc-d up
In' alleged wrongdoing It is thought the
timfc is opportune for his retirement
¦frotn the important office he has occu
pied for many years.
'.Arthur G. .Fisk was recommended by
•mejnbers-cf the Republican organiza
tion of. this .State. He did not press
his : claims for.the position, as he knew
that. If he- was to be Postmaster his
recjsrd and the services he had rendered
t hej party in • national and State poll- ¦
tics would be hta best* Indorsement.
Farther than this, -he was acceptable
to' [Senator Perkins, ha-yinff aided in'
bringing .about his re-election to the
Tilted States Seriate. -Senator- Bar°d
has . ,\.ijo' .quarrel with Mr. Fisk and*
.his already stated • he would put no
obstacles In the way of his appoint
.rhent .to the ' position.
: FISK COMPETENT T.TiAPER. •
; Arthur :G.. Fisk is a yxJiaagr man in
. and yet in. the short time he
has been 'in -it he • has rhown energy
as: a worker and a. leader. So strongly,
has he intrenched, himself In the" good
.graces of rnen .who .are active In po-li
. tids in this clij*- that at the last mu
rlcipal electipn- he was suggested as a
Mcaindldate for Maror/, :
.". -Sir. Fisk was elected to the Assem
bly four " years a'ko | and accomplished
a '..great". dear of .good for San Francisco.
He\" was ; always". to tbe front in debate
•arid ih'. committee-room he was a w6rk
erV." His advocacy of a 'righteous, bill
m'eahj its' passage. -.His record, in the
Assembly 'was so good that at. the next'
:eliH;tl6n- he was nominated for District
•Attorney 'and gave the .Incumbent *the
hirde^t- battle 'o! his career.
• ;I>ef-eat.dld hot dim Fisk'saspiratlons.
.He:"Eaw he 'wa's -needed in Sacramento
: ah <i'-' again bV'became a candidate for
eiectiori to -the Assembly* and apain he.
.tvjas.-selectcd "by -his .constituents by a
.big TOaJqrif >\ : He aspired to be Speaker
"nf " .the ; . Assembly and was elected. For
.eighty: days n'e ruled the- Assembly "Im
..jsartlaliy." ana •honestly." He maintained
deoorum: and. aided "gTeatly in the dis
; patch lot- the 'business before the lower
hoiise:. Frequently; he 'took the floor to
fjpeak against • certain measures. His
rjghf.agairist-.the attempt of certain
• r"apit&list,s to secure, valuable water
froftt- property In San- Francisco for
.% terminus 1 of a railroad was the hard
¦ "6f the session. Arthur G. Fisk led
•£he fight in the Assembly; and despite
the efforts made by thos£ pushing the
till 'to put' It .through he outgeneraled
. them an-d the bill failed of passage.
• : HAS ' LITTLE TO SAY.
Uhfted States Senator George C. Perkins Submits Name of Ex-Speaker of
,' !. Assembly to President as Worthy to Fill 'the Important Position and
.••. [..-.There; Is Every Likelihood That Popular Young Man Will Be Selected
Mrs. S. V. Culp, Mrs. Alice Haynes,
Mrs. P. W.. Clay, Helen" A. O'Malley,
Mrs. F» D. Ashworth, Mrs. R K V. Bate
man,D. M.: Colby, Mrs. M. E. Griffin,
Berthe ' Klelnschmidt, Mrs. E. M. Ja
kobs, Emily Heaselmeyer, Ellen Klein
schmldt," Lucy R. Lamb, Mrs. L. Lc
Tourneux, Miss Maude Nburse, Miss
Anna Oeetermann, Mrs. M. E. i Perley,
Mrs. E. .' J. Root, Mrs. Lidda - Scudder,
Lura H. Smith, Miss Anna Spreckels,
M. C. Taylor, M. L. Thompson and
Mrs. M. . Wilson. .
The thirteenth annual exhibltiojfi and
sale of the California Keramlc Club
and National League of Mineral Paint
ers was formally opened yesterday in
the maple and marble rooms of the
Palace Hotel, which presented an at
tractive sight: • V: ¦.¦/*.:" ?S
Throughout the afternoon and even
ing the exhibition halls were'thronged
with the fashionable people of .the city,
especially' of the gentler sex, who were
a unit In the opinion that the display
surpassed /all previous efforta of the
organization.- Among the principal ex
hibitors: are:
• • •
Mrs. Harry Breeden entertained a
email card club yesterday afternoon at
her home on Broadway. Those present
were Miss Drown, Mrs. Morton Gibbons,
Mrs. Danforth ' Boardman and Miss
Ethel Cooper.
• • •
A bazaar will be held at Century Hall
on Saturday next from 2 to 6 o'clock for
the new building of St. Stephen'S\ Epis
copal Church at Belvedere. Tables of
attractive fancy articles suitable • for
Christmas gifts will be presided over
by charming .women, who will make
many sales for sweet charity. Among
those interested in the success of the
bazaar are: Mrs. H. G. Hellman, Mrs.
Mailllard, Miss Mailliard, Mrs. John
Harold Philip. Mrs. Edward Scott. Mrs.
Edward Holmes,. Mrs. James Edwards,
Mrs. Walack, Mrs. James Stewart and
Mrs. Tracy.
The regular Tuesday night Presidio
hop did not take place last evening, but
was postponed for ano'ther week. It is
the wish of the new committee to make
these hops more formal, to Invite the
guests by conventional invitations
rather than' by telephone, awhich- leads
to various misunderstandings. Those in
charge of the arrangements are: Lieu
tenant Camp of the cavalry, Captain
Nance of the cavalry. Major Todd of
the artillery. Captain Hlnckley and Ma
jor Stephenson. • — . \
• • •
Many San Franciscans crossed the
bay yesterday to attend Mrs. , James
Alexander Black's second reception at
her beautiful and artistic new home in
Alameda, San Jose avenue and Grand
street.
Mrs. Redmond Payne gave a pretty
luncheon at her home yesterday.; for
her old friend, Mrs. Guy Hunt Cochrane
of JjOS "Angeles. The color scheme was
red, including Christmas berries and
candelabra with, red shades. Covers
were laid for ten. Mrs. Payne, who is
ever a charming hostess, entertained
her guests with cordiality and gave
them a delightful afternoon.
The guests were Mrs. John . I. Sabln,
Miss Pearl Sabin, Miss Virginia Belk
nap, Mrs. "Will Taylor, Mrs. Gustavus
Browne and Miss Irene Sabln.
After the tea Mr. and Mrs. Stetson I
entertained the .. receiving party at
dinner and also General Shatter, John
F. Merrill. Charles Holbrook, Robert
Oxnard and Harry Stetson. :ij-v'sj
Mre. John G. Mooney (nee Glynn) and
Miss Louise A. Glynn gave a delightful
"at home" yesterday afternoon at ithe
residence of their uncle. Judge. Tobin.
at 1380 Geary street. The .reception
hours \vere from 3. to 6 o'clock and
many friends greeted the charming
bride and her gracious sister. Mr. and
Mrs. Mooney reside at the Richelieu,
but are soon to build a home of their
own.
• * • •
The decorations^ were lavish and ar
tistic. The pink and gold reception
room was in pink* roses a'nd ; the li
brary in American Beauties." The, hall
was made artistic with, white chry
santhemums and a profusion of au
tumn • foliage. Yellow chrysanthe
mums predominated in the * dining
room, where delicious refreshments
were served. The hostess was assist
ed by Mrs. Eleanor Martin. Mrs. Bow
ie-Detrick, Mrs. John F.- Merrill, Mrs.
Chauncey R. Winslowand Mrs. Rob*
eft Oxnard. ¦ v '
Mrs. Stetson was beautifully 1 gown
ed in white chantilly lace over white
satin, with a few diamond ornaments.
Mrs. John F. Merrill wore gray panne
velvet. Mrs. Winslow was handsome
ly gowned in white lace over chiffon
and taffeta. Mrs. Bowie-Detrick wore
a becoming gown of black and white
silk.
One of the largest receptions of the
present season' was given by Mr. and
Mr». J. B. Stetson yesterday afternoon
at their handsome ' residence at Clay
street and Van Ness' avenue. Nearly
500 callers were received during the
appointed hours, 4 to o'clock, and
all received charming courtesy at the
hands of the host, hostess and friends
invited to assist in dispensing hospi
tality. .;-/ .
POSTMASTER W. W. MONTAGUE RESIGNS
AND A.G. FISK MAY SUCCEED HIM
FIVE HUNDRED
RECEIVED BY
THE STETSONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, "DECEMBER' 2,- 1903.
9
ADVERTISEICZNTS. •
is her nature to love
pore. : Tbe critical ordeal throoyh which th« expecUnt mother mnst
pass, howerer/ is; so franght with dread, pain, 6nffering and danger,
that the very. thought of it fills her with apprehension and horror.
There is no. necessity^ for the reproduction of life to be either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend so' prepares the system for
the coming event that it is safely passed without any danger. This
great and wonderful • ,. .
of women \through ___
the trying crisis withont suffering.. ££•"*¦*__ & _ jm , -»,¦» **B
6*ad for ir»e book ooaUimlax taiormaUon KsSO Ifirlflgg JsUm B*w BmB
tt prtoeloaa -rajuo to all erpeeteal atoOten. flf^ H B GTS 0 B B Ml
Ti* Bra«fi«N Rvgilattr U* W&vA*. C*. m m ~ m m m^™
POSTUM CEBEAIu
"JUST RUN ACROSS"
Some People Are Lucky.
Some people make an Intelligent
study of food and pet on the right
track (pure food), others are lucky
enough to stumble -uporf the. right way
out of the difficulty. Just as a Philadel-
phia youns woman did.
She says: "I had suffered terribly
from nervous indigestion, everything
seemed to. disagree with me and I was
on the point of starvation when one
day I happened to run across a demon-
stration of Postum Food Coffee at one
of the big stores here.
"I took a sample home, and- a sample
of Grape-Nuts as well- and there tried
them again and found they agreed
with roe perfectly. For months I made
them my main diet and as the result
I am restored to my former perfect
health and can eat everything I
?'When I epoke to my physician about !
Grape-JCuts he said, .'It is a* most ex-
cellent food.* " Name given* by Postum
Co., Battle Creek. Mich.
There's a reason.
Look for the famous little book, "The
Road to Wellville," in every I package
of both Postum and Orape-Nuts.
¦ - '-' aaBOETiTi'A TTZOUS. - - - "I-"---
'¦¦—-¦';"¦'*¦" ¦.m»^....«ow^m ¦¦ .... .¦¦¦^... .>.... ¦ ......... ... ¦¦....¦<¦¦ ¦ ¦ r mt ¦¦¦¦,..... .... ... ¦».!¦¦».. •¦¦• r»..».^ ... ...— ~~^- v .....i.
PATTn^lPN'^
Corner 16th and nission Streets.
If Credit Is Good— Cash Is Better— That's Why We Always Sell lor Cash.
/"*/*\ 71/1 71/1 /"\ IV T a^^ F"^TWTAT** T^
, I ¦ 1 1 Vl /Vl fl I I-XI i^'mXI^^ w*
I'."-: WV/XTlXTlv/1 A^JL-rfl h-Jr i— 4
IN FURNITURE BUYING
;vVOur parlor furniture is made in ou; own factory, right here—we know it's good
inside as well as out. A 10-year guarantee goes with every piece that' leaves bur
factory.
We are offering two specials in leather furniture this week— things that you can buy now
for Christmas. You may have them reserved now if you wish—we'll /keep . them, here until you
want them delivered. •¦•:-.' ""'¦¦" -
Bfr ' THIS, COUCH \\% acceptable anywhere. The ThlS LeflthCf Cha.lT
plain quarter-sawed oak frame is simply yet beau- . , . c ,• ,. Q j,,,.
j^^^^^f. tifullv relieved by heavy carved legs. The cover, in (vA «' ?t i solid oak with different
To i . Special Price $46.75 hP^ you^ see it §e\ftftfn^l/77r7^v"
for the appearance. It is 6 ft. 4 in. long by 30 in. wide, and usually /^'"?^cMir-^---'^? ;^^/Vr^ '
sells for $70. We sell it now for ;. ?4«.7S WlM%M$-*(
Solid Mahogany Specials. . ' ' ¦'
•!&«»¦-, _!*y I •£&&$£?¦ est American oak leather. Like all
ra 1 U V*^ % " ""^ =^ a^^ x=^ :^^0^ = * products of our factory, it bears an
«5^" S r^^P •' <^^*^ * absolute guarantee. • Buy it now for.
l li __ 8 SSL.__. »__S^ 3^^?^ 2 Christmas. Our low. price is $55.00.
j !^^j— -- "• v ¦¦^^vt__^g^fa Our special price is CH
¦*iSc^ ? ] * '^-tf* v^^^*^" 1 • ORDER BY MAIL. '
; 1 .1 ii * Biip'n'if 1 rti iMTir"?-. ~^S^ i nlture should have our 1 8 0-page .cata-
" " ' "^-J--.- ¦ u (T^*" " "" productions show hundreds of pieces. .
1 Solid Mahogany. • K j| \. , " . — - 7 it l» yonr« for » potai.
o • H U ¦ Solid Mahogany. — -*
A beautiful soud mahogany dresser, j . ;
nl-nn nrtiieh fin^«;t - French heveJed An artIstl c chiffonier to match
piano ponsn, nnesc nc » Deyejea . tWs dre mad9 - of 10lld maho^_ WE PAY FREIOHT "•- ¦
mirror, 24x30 inches. The -downtown any. finest French b«vele<J mirror. " crAI rKCIunl
Stores sell it for SdO.OO: ff91 A A 16x20 Inches; a value ft* 1/"t r»A 100 mile, from San Plranelaeo oa 'purchases
siorcs ku .11 ioi s>^u.uu, «.<| fifl downtown at $36.00; X/U Sfl of $25 and over. Order from our. cathogu*.
OUr Special price..... JtOM?\f\J our special price.. . *pCdy*ijyJ L ¦ a-ogu,.
Carpets and Rugs . •' |ll|^S
A short time ago the furniture dealers of San Francisco %>r^$^^^^^'
forrned a combine. Each dealer is under bond to sell, by a-
certain price list. We wouldn't join because our expenses . 'WW&r^^^^ ;
are not so great; we make much of our own furniture right
here, and we don't sell on credit— don't need to. . '
To convince you of this we- state our prices and the prices of tho '
combine on well-known, superior grades of carpets. "
BIGELOW AND LOWELL AXMINSTERS— Ab- BIGELOW LOWELL BODY BRUSSELS— In
solutely the' best high-priced carpet made; -many, late s an endless variety of p'atterns, for hall, parlor, library,
fall patterns and coiorings; combine $2.00; tf 1 Z.P bedroom; regular combine price for.the car- tf < IP
this week, sewed and laid . »pi«UJ pet is $1.65; Pattosieri's _....* *pl»f4J
ROXBURY AND STINSON TAPESTRIES— In . SMITH & SANFORD'S BEST VELVETS^-Ex.- '
dainty new patterns, exact copies of fine . quisite new designs and colorings; suitable "for parlor,
and Body Brussels;Tegular downtown price tf| 1'A , hall, dining-room; borders to match'r Pat- Ct iOA'
$1.20; Pattosien's 4H.IV' cosien's, sewed and laid .* *... *p.l*£v
SMITH & SANFORD'S TAPESTRIES— For hiU,- . - , EXTRA SUPER- INGRAINS — 36 inches' wide;
dining-room or parlor; border to match;, com- r7C^» warranted all wool and absolutely best qua4- "HE^
bine, 85c; Pattosien's f JC ity;. regular 'ooc'; Pattosien's /. lOw
AMERICAN CORK LINOLEUM— Made 12 feet INLAID TILE LINOLEUM— English and Xmer-
wide and' of extra heavy quality; new designs of im- ican "Tile Linoleum; indestructible; 25 differenr de-
ported hardwood: floors; also floral patterns; LC n . >igns; some : stbres ask as* high as. $1.75 for tf 1 .22
combine, 80c square yard; Pattosien's.. UJt no better goods; Pattogien's .....:-• 4)1»JJ
I Ar^F? C*\ YDTr*AIT\FC * * •• • •
If you need Lace 'Curtains, look Qver our stock of dainty designs. * We are
running a few specials that are % worthy of your attention. '. * K-/S * *•
$2.00 CURTAINS;- the kind that always d»-j $0.00 values, beautiful corded* Arabians. 3 '(fl*qj C(\
looks good; Pattosien's Price. 4> 1 »C O Pattosien's price ". . . .. '•$O»O U
$265 CURTAINS; pretty novelty bor- ff-i »^C $700 values;, wide* floral, border. Pat- tf fr CY\
jers; Pattosien's Price ........ r H»*»« J tosien's Price .'...... •
$3.00 CURTAINS; elegant- real lace cop- C^ j^C, $10.00 CURTAINS; must'se.e them to CC Qf)
ies; Pattosien's Price ...... • 4>fc*»**wJ appreciate them. Pattosien's Price .. .": 4"*wv
$500 CURTAINS, something, out of the JC^ QC $12.00 CURTAINS; wide ins'ettidn.pret- .(A QA
ordinary. Pattosien's Price . . . : : . I 4 > fc**^ J ty corners. Pattosien's Price .-ijW»7V-
Cor. 16th and T\ ATTACI PM CC% "Cor. MissjOH
Mission Sts. FA 1 I U5 1 HI 1M W.V • - ana I « h sts -FEATHERED BEAUTIES IN
POULTRY EXHIBITION AT
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Hibernians Hold' Meeting.
Division No. 2 of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians of America met last evening
at 120 Ninth street, and initiated fifteen
new members. At the close, of the initi
ation ceremonies National Organizer Ed
ward J. Sheehan addressed' the meeting
and epoke on the advancement fit the or
der. -A" high Jinks was.' then. held and
general jollification' continued until >: tnid
niffht. "
NEW YORK, Dec. \ 1.— Harry. - A.
Fisher, manager of the Columbia.foot
ball team of New York, announced to
day that all negotiations f or . the -West
ern trip of the team during the Christ
mas holidays had been . abandoned. ¦ -. It
had been proposed to. play y the Uni
versity of California and Leland, Stan
ford Jr. University, but as neither^ col
lege.* would consent to play a return
game here next season it /was thought
"best to" give up the project.
Football Contest Is Abandoned.
DENVER, Dec- l.-*A special to. the
Republican from Colorado Springs says
John'W. Garrett" of Colorado Sp'rlngs
to-day defended his title to the Grand
.-Western handicap trophy for trapshoot
.ing by .defeating- William. Clayton, the
•Kansas City, wirig shot, in a. 100-blrd
match by a score of 90 to £5. A stiff
wind -lritierfeEe'd somewhat with the
"shooting.- GArrett -'gave" Clayton a
handicap of fo.ur yards. "After, the main
event -a.] fifty-bird match, between the
same men was also won by Garrett by
a score of 47 .to «. — —
Trapshboters in Competition.
• At a Imeeting of the Associated Stu
dents. 6f the University of California
last night It was decided to play a foot
ball game on New Year's day with a-n
EastefA team. Either i ,the Michigan,.
.Minnesota* oif the Carlisle 'Indian eleven
wlir face- the B.e"rkeley- men. on the grid
iron. ,..]-. " ¦ • ': %
•It, waft decided Lto decline Che chal
lenge ol the .'University of Washington
fdr a match game. The invitation of
the Los Angeles "carnival to
ptay Stanford at the •carnival of .roses
w-as also declined. . -i-^V*/.'?
BERKELEY -FOOTBALL MEN.'
WltX PLAY ANOTHER GAME
Will Meet Eithsr .Michigan, Minne.
. . sota or the Carlisle Indians '
"V ! . on^few Year'3 Day. . •; '
There will be»flve bouts and all are
scheduled to go four rounds. In addi
tion to the main event the- 6th/»r boxers
lo.appejar are Eddie Car'r.vs. Willie
O'Brieo/ Harry Tenny!vs. Joe Troy,
Charlie; Webber vs. .Frank Vito? Joe
Sharkey .. vs.- Jlra Rj-an. -James Mc-
Devitt : 6f the San Francisco Athletfc
Club w.IH offjeiate as, referee and the
Judges will j)robably.be Eddie Hanlon
and Harry •' Foley, who" are at Croll's
gardens.- .• . • . . "-,
' -ALA30EEDA. Dec. 1.— Gloves will' fly
to-pi<?rrqw night in* Armory Hall when
the -Ala-meda Boat Chib^will put on a
boxing, tourriamer.t, the first tp be held
1n this city in-yeaVs. Some of thehest
amateur fistic talent {ri San Francisco
has been signed to particioate. Gus
•Koster -of the "Alameda" ClilD and Ike
McLaughlin of the .Ol j-nipic Club, light
Tieavy weights,, will furnish the main
Event- - •••.•".' ' • ' :
To-Night.
Fast Amateur Mitt'Wielders Are to
.Mi* in Armory Hall* Ring i.y~''-'.
BOXERS WTLL, BATTXE z'^'AZ , .
" BEFORE THE AI*AMEDANS
Xmong the spirited little dogs in fox
terrier row are JohnBradshaw's Wood
lawn Dotty Dimple, a likely puppy,
and W. W. Moore's Vina Belle, a well
known winner at Oakland t and San
Francisco. From Riverside H- "VV Ham
ilton sends his Garston Rally, an East
ern bred dog. Mrs. Philip C." Meyer of
Ean Mateo has . her ' Glen wood Carrie
The degs" benchjed to-day will be: of
excellent class. John *Riplinger f ij Eng
lish setters Stylish Sergeant." Champion
Pera and Champion Ellcrnee will at
once v attract the " men. interested in
eportiRg dogs. ' James Cole. of Kansas
City, who will Judge the dogs,, has
brought a pointer which wjll be bench
ed, but wllf not' compete for prfzesr. " ¦
There will be a particularly", large
class of. cocker -spaniels: Among th'c
best known are Little Maid, Pluirierfa
Sapho. Miss Frivolity and" BlacV Silk
IL The latjer has "won. more than fif
teen prizes. Mrs. W. C" Ralston will
be well represented. She 'has entered
Little Dorrit, winner of sixteen prizes,
and Floradora, lacking but one victory
to gain the coveted title of champion.
Mme. Cara Roma's : Don Jose, from
the kennels of the Duchess of Devon
shire, will be jshown. . ¦"
The Boston terrier class will be a
representative one. Mrs. W. IJ; Dem-
Ing has entered four— Dixie" D, Endcllffe
Betty, Lord 'Rushle and Endcliffe Ver
nette. Richard D. Jose will be repre
sented by Jack, recently -brought from
the East. ..' '
The incubators trill be; in action to
day and Trill hi trh 509 chlckiens, keep
ing up this, rapid production" of poultry
during the remainder of the exhibition.
The fighting-. chickens arje tfrere "in
their. -variety. W. H« Demltig! shdws
Borne fine black [breasted Re"d !Games,
Red PyIe;Games and Bjack Japanese
Games. .."••• . " "
' The display, of runt * pigeons is. unii-
KuallyiQnei These are. not runts in the
accepted use. of the terrn,- being' as Dig
as 'chickens:; There are some b^utiful
ly.colored homing pigeons, as well, as
other varieties. ¦.-¦- ' .'"•"
;:-Theexhfbitl6n.t)f .poultry is totbr ln
terestinganQ. mstructlve. ' It -Is inter;
estirigr; because" the show visitor, can see
a< '-close, range? the- ,' best - krrown fpv.1
.froni .ail. -parts of ..the.' \vdrld. J{ is lh
etructlng because, one .learns that the
eggs and .poultry prodirc#d in this'.coun.
try in prie'yeaf "for $300,090,00*. This
State alone" .imports $3,00(r,00() vdrtti of
"eggs and poultry in .one" year'. */;.*
."The" -visitor' Jp.aTns that. the Plymouth
Rock is considered .the' best 'all-around
foyi If or the. table and for; laying,, whHe
the Leghorns are.t'h* fashiona"ble ones.
".The :bea.ulifully : colored Light Brahmas
a're-the.ari.sroo.rats of the poultry yard.
The," Orpingtons, are a. favorite English
breed \v4iich. ia;bec"orning popufa'r • here.
Some splendid specimens of -the Lndlan
•Runner,, tlie Leghorn of the duck.fam
ily, are shown. There are also' '"Gray
<'.a*lls,V v.hirh are used as live decoy's by
sportsmen .oni the -marshes. The>- will
not" fly. but will call tne nUd ducks un
til they, come -within- tRe range of the
deadly bfeechlbaden . • . . • y %
• . T-t • tmls. the. Opening: day " of the', Sa'p-
T"raiiciso"o "Sho"',. ¦under' Vhlcb general
."Ut3e- a.-. .number' of specialty clubs ¦ are
nxaWing. -a Joint exhibit, 'Yesterday was
devoted, id: receiving* and Judging the
poultry. '. T-he dogs' Will make the'ir &p
pearance to-d'ay." ; while " the 'cats wrtit
'Join" them to-morxowj . . ' * . • * .•
-. "Feathered-" tiristocrdts • strutted- about.
. their capias at _ MechaTilcs'=. Pavilion" yes
•terday- afiernopn as .though conscious
¦tneir-ho.uf.of trlnmph had arriyed..Por
. seven .. years' no : .such opportunity had
:prtserite<J itseli. The" Plymouth Bocks,
'the-./V\'}'aJ3dotteJ5,." tHe " Bcahmas, . the
.tjocblris, tbe" Mrnorcas, "the !silver.$*pan-
the -Orpingtons and-'all
¦rthe QtJter^Var£etres--6^ poultry were on
:viet\V ¦'•'.¦¦. -.'' : •¦'.'. .•..*•••¦ • '¦¦¦¦¦' "''¦
a daughter of the- famous Ch. .
' Humbcftson Bristles, on exhibition. . .
.The qnly pklr .of- Bedlington terriers
on .the J?acinc jCoast h>ve been entered
by Ihelt owner, Mr. pedelscheimer, of
r'S^attle... : . • '-''}'f- : V:"'!^
Perhaps v you should not V play . poker,
but if -j you do we have the cards -and
chips; loose or put up in elegant "cases,:
that. will make . the ; game a' pleasure ralso
plain; and fancy^ dice, -game counters,
}A\ly cards, etc, tJanborn, Vail & Co. • . ;
First race— Six '.furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; selling: -¦ •¦ ¦ '-,j ,.;¦,¦ ¦
53(10 *Oro Viva (Ward Sc King) 92
5327 Gibraltar (G. F. McKenzie). ...... "....105
, 5316 Bee ! Rosewater '. (A. ; Nichols) . . . . . . .-. . Q9
6360 Cherries (F. Tade) . . .... . ... ....;.-.; .104
.'4B47 Puss Mn Boots (A. Josephs) ........... 99
4343 Batldor (WrP. Fine) r. .... ; . . . ... .... 84
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
* While John B. . Sallivey," "a cook, was
passing Mrs. Tillie Taylor In her restau
rant at 519 ' Post street lasti night ? : he
seized^ a bag containing, $50 which": she
had partly concealed In the bosoni'of her.
dress. He ran'down Post street arid irito
the arms of ; Patrolman Fogarty.* . who
took ; him \ to . the \ Central police"' station
and charged him with robbery.: Sallivey
had formerly been in the employ of \ the
woman. \. ( v
Cook Charged With ; Robbery.
To-night -at tftq Mechanics'; Pavilion
the next ¦ lecture in \ the -University Ex
tension course on. the French revolution
will; be delivered! by : Professor H.; Morse
Stephens of the University of California;
The subject of the lecture will, be "Verg
niaud, the; Orator of the GIrondlns."
Will lecture at Pavilion.
Irwin and Otts Training.
OAKLAND, Dec. 1.— Touns ' McCon
nell and Henry Lewis • have been
matched for. the main : preliminary to
the Irwin-Otts fight. a« the Reliance
Club . next .Tuesday. They will box six
rounds ; at 148 pounds ringside. The
principals in; the main event are train
ing hard and should put up a good
fight, as both are game and determined
Sixth race — One and three sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
63CB Grail (C. Toung) w.,101
6347 »Dodle S (S. G. Morton A Co.) 9S
6385 »The Ledaean (BooW & Hollenbeck).. 05
C372 Burdoc (H. L. Parks) P7
6381 •Rosarie (C. W. Chappelle) 92
6383 »Rio Shannon (Mrs. J. Coffey) :....... 95
<5384)Buccleuth (B. Schreiber) :..101
B3S1 *inowaho (W. H. Ketcheman)... 05
534(1 "The Fretter (J. F. O* Rourke) J>5
5328 Position (C. Durfee).,, t»7
63S7 Expedient (P. E. Smith) 97
N .•Apprenttca allowance.
' .'. FBOBABLI! WHTWTEKS.
..First ,rsoa — Fn«» In Boot*. Oto Tiva,
Alice Oar ay* i *
Second race — Shotraxit Sad Sam, Kaar
•r£onl;
Third race— Albemarle, , Xolllok, Quiet.
¦ rourtlx race — Divtaa, I«htar, Gland*.
¦ Fifth race— Don Domo, Caictne, Bear
catcher. . *
' . Sixth race— The Pretter. Sodle 8^
Orail. ¦
At the meeting, of the trustees ; of the
Mechanics' ¦• Institute . held last night - it
was decided to : remodel ? the lighting of
the. building, Vand as soon as practicable
electric ' lights . will" be : Introduced In
every department.
On Saturday, night nominations will be
opened for. trustees..' who 'are to be voted
for at the annual election riext February.
Mechanics' Institute Trustees.
Cooney Slaughter,' colored, .went into
the saloon of George Stewart, another
colored man, ¦ at 626% Pacific street' at
midnight last night,\wheri both men en
gaged In heated argument. Cooney,- who
was,g:ettinB: the worst of the discussion,
drew a revolver and attempted to. shoot
Stewart, but the ball ': missed him:- arid
struck a white man named Ernest Gib
son, who resides ' at 9 1 1 :. Hyde' street, in
the thigh. Gibson was taken to the hos
pital, where the wound caused ; by ; the
bullet was dressea,' ; and Slaughter ; was
locked up on a charge of assault to
commit murder. • '
Negro Shoots White Man.
Seek Daina£es iqr Bejrtrain's DeAtB,"
Mrs. Albert A. Bertram \ -Jp. x - wjioiej
husband was killed last . Ma'reb,' at •the
Yolo County shipyard of the 'sacrainento
TransROrtatlpn Company, tilBd'aiaailf far
$5000 damagea against -tlie 'company
yesterday.: Her dausht«r, : Kstell«s- C
Bertram.. Is- alsa a : party; to the. auftl
which is brought on the ground that the
company was negligent." . . : •• • - :
The fourteenth round was a' savage
one, Carter, reopening Hart's eye and
the latter landing a wicked left on Car
ter's nose. Carter was groggy and was
finally knocked down, but the goris
rang before ' he could be counted out.
In the fifteenth both contestants went
In to win, : but Carter; was outclassed
and "the'referee stopped the. flghl after
two minutes of savage boxing, during
which Carter was knocked down twice.
BOSTON, Dec. 1.— After a hard
fought contest Marvin Hart of Louis
ville'was given the decision. over Kid
Carter of . Brooklyn in a fifteen-round
bout to-night at the Criterion Athletic
Club. The fight was stopped by. Referee
Buckley. within one minute of the time
limit and when Carter was nearly out.
- The first two rounds were slow. In
the third Hart floored Carter with a
right, but the Kid, after taking the
count, got "up and clinched. From that
time until the ninth laoth men fought
savagely, Hart having: the best of the
battle. :
Carter was' knocked down several
times, but Hart's blows seem §d to lack
force and .the Brooklyn boy always
arose before the ten seconds expired. .
In the ninth Carter drove a hard left
at Hart's face, makfng a big cu£ over
the.Kentucklan's left eye, which bled
freely. Hart was dazed, but managed
to continue the round. During the next
four rounds the men went at it hard
and fast, Hart scoring the most points.
Carter being knocked down repeatedly.
The l Brooklyn boy j boxed plucklly, oc
casionally landing some " terrific right
punches that made Hart stagger. , *
Referee Stops the Fight in the Fif
teenth Bound to Prevent Pos- *
. sible Injury to Loser.
KID CABTEB IS DEFEATED
BY BOXER MARVIN HART
Fifth race — Five and a half furlongs ;" two
year-olds; purse:
6367 Florlana Bella (Miller & Co.) 97
6373 Moalta (Blanchl & McGbvera) 07
6343 Don Domo (Jt F. Newman) 115
.... Dargin (J. Regan) 106
.... Colonel Mazuma (J. Jacobs) 1C2
6379 Bearcatcher (T. G. Ferguson) 115
....- Mabel Clare (J. Connor) 102
6307 The Bugaboo (M. Eppinger).. 100
l5379)Casclne (Burns & Waterhouse) 115
.... Lady Fon«o (G. Lanka) 102
6370 Otto Stlf£l (B. Schreiber). 105
Fourth race — One mile; thrw-year-olds and
up; handicap:
R389 Beau Ormonde (Mrs. E. L. Kripp) 112
ft."60 Dlvina (El Prlmero Stable)... 108
S3S2 Ishtar (A. Josephs) 93
(53(!»)Claude (M. J..Daly) 120
G3C9 Fossil (Parker and Twaltes)... .1C5
5304 Solon (George Webb)...» 10«
6383 Altula (Leroaaney Bros.) 112
6389 Ink (Lemasney Bros.) •.: 07
4595 Ixader (W. B. Jennings & Co.) 107
6345 Eonlc (C. Young): ,/. .......106
Third race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; selling: ! • '¦¦ ¦
5.1N> Step Around (P. Devln)...'. 109
B361 Alta G (Mrs. Hertzelp :..101
5.TO2 Rollick (M. Jones) ...104
R30S 'Albemarle (Moshler & Co.) .'.104
KWfl Quatre (G. Tlemey) :...; 101
.V.77 Canejo (G. B. Morris) 104
442K 'I^apldus (M. J. Daly) .........107
5.120 The Don (Mrs. C. E. Miller). : 97
KISO Quiet (H. E. Rowel!) -..1TM
(53C2)lx>yal S (V Gilbert) 11Z
Lurene (J. Wilson). 102
Second race—Five furlongs; - three- year-olds
and up; pursei . • »-.
KJ75 Sad Sam (H. Green) ......../10ff
(5375)Shotgrun (W. B. Jennings & Co.) 1OT
5380 Waterpower (W. H. Ketcheman) ,107
3»"0 Sir Tom Tiddler (M. J. Daly) 109
KJW Nerv.ator (Boots & Hollenbeck) 102
53S2 Hagerdon (H. L. Frank) 104
Revolt (II. Post) ; 101
B300 'Madam Bishop tt. K. Strite)... JOT.
r>301 Sir Christopher (B. Schreiber) 102
6382 'Piratical (El Prlmero Stable) 80
na<54 Laureatea (J. Pelter) , 104
MftO "Alice Carey (S. McNaughton). ; 89
4e*>4 Cathello (Clayton & Co.) 104
to win. ; Matchmaker iaiahaney has n^t
yet decided, upon the; me.n\.who. . wUl
furnish : the • first' ¦preliminary, -wiiiea
will be a four- round :ijout. " : '• '¦/' ..- '¦ ¦
Sixth race, for two-year-olds with
non-winning allowances since October
25, .one mile — Rainland won, Dutiful
second, Falernlan third. Time, 1:46 3-5.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. — Bennings
summary: ;-"•-:.
First race, seven furlongs — Prince
Tulane won, 'Gloriosa second, Unterock
third. Time, 1:28 3-5. •
-Second race, six and a half furlongs
— Grazlallo won, Silver Dream second,
Sals' third. Time, 1:21 2-5. \
Third race, two and a half miles-
Wool Gatherer first, Conover second,
Billy Ray third, , Time, 5:13.
Fourth race, six "furlongs— Conkling
won, Gananogue second, Colleen Bawn
third. Time. 1:15.
Fifth race, mile and forty yards-
Cottage Maid won, Fortunatus second,
Flara third. Time. 1:44.
Sixth race, handicap, mile and three
sixteenths — Wire In won, Carbuncle
second, Sam Craig third. Time, 2:15.
•Fourth race, handicap, two-year-olds
and up, mile and a furlong— Potheen
won, Dan McKenna second, Airtight
third. Time, l.:59 1-5.
Fifth race, selling, three-year-olds
and up, mile and a. quarter — Trocadero
won, Past second, Medal third. Time,
2:16.
Third, race, two-year-olds, four and
a half furlongs — Mad Mullah won,
Duncan second, Exclamation third.
Time. :57 1-5.
" NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 1.— Crescent
City "summary: > .:/>¦
First race, five furlongs— Little Jack
Horner wo/i, "Duelist second, Alista
third. Time, 1:03 4-5.
Second race/ six furlongs, selling —
Julia Junkln won". Hickory Corners
second. Mayor Johnson third. Time,
1:17 3:5.
Defeats Ban McKenna and Airtight
" Results of the Races at
Bennings.
HANT>iOAP AT NEW ORLEANS
IS TAKEN BY POTHEEN
In the first round played yesterday
Miss Chesabrough beat Miss. Alice
Hoffman, 8 ud 7 to play; Mrs.. Leroy
Nickel won from Miss Dutton by de
fault; Mra. K. S. Miller defeated Miss
Pease, 6 up 5 to play, and ; Mrs. J. R.
Clark proved a winner over Miss Alice
Hager, 5 up 4 to play.
This morning, beginning at 9:30, on
the Presidio links the second or semi
final round wllUbe played, Miss Chese
brough being matched against Mrs.
Leroy Nickel and Mrs. Miller against
Mrs. J..R. Clark.
In the first match play round of the
competition for the Council's Cup for
men .of the" San Francisco Golf Club
J. W. Byrne won, 5 up 4 to play, from
Dr. T. G. McConkey, and H. M. Hoyt
won, 1 up on on twenty holes, from
Dr. J. R.- Clark. The tie between
Charles Page, Leonard Chenery, Rolla
V. Watt and R. Gilman Brown in the
qualifying round has not yet been
played oft.
Without going through the usual
qualifying round at medal play, eight
ladies of the San Francisco Golf Club
yesterday morning entered the opening
match play round of the competition
for the Council's Cup for Women. This
trophy has already been won once" by
Mrs. R. G. Brown and iwice by Mrs. J.
R. Clark. The first lady who wins
three competitions will become the
owner of the cup.
Four Winners in Opening Round Will
Play in Semi-Final Matches
This Morning;.
LAiDIES BEGIN. CONTEST
FOR THE COUNCIL'S CUP
Bell rode Berendos on November
27, In a six-furlong event. The odds
went from 4 to 8 and "Kitty Bar the
Door." k Vv/ •••
. It is probably fortunate for Ad
klns that he Is not under engagement
to ride foryDell Fountain just at pres
ent. The ; blonde-haired young man
would not make many more mistakes
before the big man from Idaho would
call, a special session of the Legisla
ture,, such as was held.in a stallon the
closing day, of the meeting last spring.
¦ Father Wenkler pulled up lame, af
ter his race.
It was t reported around last night
that .Padua had one leg almost chop
ped, off in the race In which the colt
finished fifth. • A closer examination
may reveal that both hind legs were
chopped off. ,
If .W. J. Spiers. Is-; conditioning, Es
calante'^for the four^mile Thornton
stake -then Waterb\iry rode a patient,
waiting race, ; one that should get the
money in time. But if such Is not thei
case, then .Waterbury gave a ridicu
lous exhibition.
-If the and Walters' Union
ever disbands there will be a chance
to get a, few, good riders. . The pres
ent stock with. two or three exceptions
should be marked ' down'and placed on
the 'bargain counter. ,
• In a former' paragraph mention was
not v made that Waterbury \also rode
Diamante. - . * \
Fog obscured , a- view of the, last
race. . Jack. Martin appeared to have
no difficulty " in keeping Horton up
near the ; leaders. v > '
, Hilderbrahd, for. his rough work on
Forest : King, .was set. down for "the
: balance"/ of the week by the . Judges.
The-' same.' penalty; was -inflicted on
Ferrell "for .'cutting. across" 1 the field at
the start with Captain Forsee. -
Subscriber Is .informed ¦ that Willie
Haackis a native of SL Louis.' "¦':
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
BERENDOS GALLOPS HOME.
Louis Wagner was the real warm one
for the introductory Futurity course
event. The Kastern horse was played
down in the betting from 3 to 2 to even
money," and, after leading until well
into • the stretch, went all to pieces.
Then Berendos, a 10 to 1 shot, galloped
in ahead of Mountebank and Oscar
Tolle, /
With «TOod, strong handling, Military
Man; favorite for the two-year-old
scramble, would have won. Adkins
rode him about as well as a wooden
man would, finishing third, beaten but
tv.-o heads by Captain Forsee and The
Cure The winner, Captain Forsee,
was quoted at 12 to 1, and was not the
best horse in the race by any manner
of means. Ferrell, who rode him, cut
across v the field at the start r and was
not headed.
D. Hall, on Father Wentker, beat
the others away from the barrier in the
third number, a Futurity course run,
with a field of eleven starting. This
feat Contributed largely to his success.
The Schreiber horse closed equal favor
ite with Rollick. Adkins, on the lat
ter, gave a miserable exhibition of
jockeyship, with a result that Father
Wentker finished first by a length. Rey
Dare, a 10 to 1 chance, ran third.
After several essays Horton- at last
annexed apurse. • The little chestnut
met an 'Inferior lot in the closing mile
event, and at odds of 3 to 5 won easily.
Constable, a 60 to 1 shot, led Bill Mas
sie out for the place.
It was fa peculiar betting affair
throughout. Although there seemed to
be little action behind Martinmas in
the ring, Charley Henshall's horse re
ceded from 2 to 5 to 2, and then closed
favorite.
John A. Scott opened at 8 to 5, and
closed at IS to 5, at which price the
odds about Iridius were backed. Al
though Adklns, Mho had the mount on
Scott, was told to. lay back, he went
out and made the pace. The 113 pounds
told on the chestnut nearingr the wire,
and Iridius; which was shouldering
only 99 pounds, collared and beat him
out a neck in l:13'/i. Warte Nicht .fin
ished a good third.
OAXUIXD BAOETRACX— TUESDAY. Dec; \.— Weather hazy. Track fast.
53i>4>. FIRST RACE — Futurity course; selling; 4-year-oIda and up: value to flrat. 8tJ5.
Index) . Horse.and Owner. {Wt{St- %? %., %• Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. -O.
637T1 Berendos. 5 (J.* Green):. ...... I'iwf 0 ..V6n 3 n 4 % 1 lfclHUdebrnd . * 6 10
KM IMountebank. a'(Keatlng). I 87| 4 ... 4 h 4 V, 1 Ih2 n |I>. Jaclcaon. « .12
¦KSO Oscar Tolle. 5 (K..& B. >:..*.. 1100 1 ... 6 % 2 1^2 n 3 Sfe Knapp .... « »
. 5354 Jennie Hushes, 4 tR.Hufches)| 1>2 7 ... 3^5n 5 1 4 n* Ollphant. .. 10 2O
KI«8 Louis Wagner. 4 (McAllister). |103| IJ ... 1 h 1 Vi 3 h 5 1% Adktns .... 3-2 »-»
5.55S Evander, 4 (W. Fisher). ...... ilOOJIO .;. 8iph 82 6! J. Martin.. 4 4
M.!4 Myrtle H, 4 <Mr.<«. Hertzell). 1 . K'Sl j* 0 1 9*2 6 *» » h Chandler .. 13 2»
5378 Shark. 5 (D. ,S. Fountain). .. .tO4' 5 ... 7 h 81 7 1 S 2*4 Bell ....... 10 12
K'"S Mme. Bishop, a (J.T.Strite), |105l « ...10-10 t> 1 » 3 Haack 10 20
MM. Foul Play, 0 <F: T. Nichols) .\:103| 2 ... 2 1 7 2 10 10 [Prior 20 40
-Time— :24Vi, :-*"9?»7 1:11.^ At post 15 minutes. Off at 2:28. Berendos. place. 3: show. 9-5.*
Mountebank, place. 5: show, 2. Tolle. show. 8-5. Winner, b. g. by Friar Tuck-Snow
blcrsom. Trained by J. Green. Scratched— Sir Tom Tiddler. Shellmount. Start good.
¦ Won oastly.- Next two driving hard. Berendos showed marked improvement. Mounte
bank ran a nice race. Jennie Hughes had speed. Louis Wagner quit. Evander •« poorly.
Snark can do better. _ ,- LJ ¦^_ru¦-u-</-<_f-u¦-L J^^o^.^-o-^
o.'l'H. SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; purse; 2-yr.-old colt" and geldings; val. to flrat. $323.
Index I ITorse and Owner. IWtlBt. %'. %~. %. Str. Fla.,| Jockey. Op. Q.
5379 Capt. Forsee <Alharabra Sta_)|ilO| 6 ... 12 1 % 1 n lh Ferrell .... 12 13
tSSTB The Cure (W. Fisher) 110 3 ... .4 1 3 1V42 2V»2 n W. Waldo.. ¦ "• " . «
533« Military Man iFergueon) 110 1 ... .2 Vi 2 Vj « 2W ¦• Adkins 8-5 t.
Telephone (R. A. Smith) 106 8 ... 53 8 l* a B Ji 4 2%[Larsen > 10 15
tiXXl Padua (A. Josephs).. • 113 2 ... «n 7 2 4n 5 2H Blrkenruth' 3 1-1
JKHU Bombardier (W.Jennings 103 4 ... 8 1 8 1%" 2 6'^ J. Martin.. S 10
G237 Alamanscr (D. Williams) [107 ""... 0 9 6^74 Waterbury 10 -20
(467S) Whoa Bill (M. E^pplnger) I1W »l... 7 H 8 H 8 4 . J< 4 IN. Lewis... . 12 la
.... jBlumenthal (B. Schrelber) {liol 5 ... .3 4 H ». 9 |D. Hall 5 . 0
Time— :24, :49. I -.01 U,. At post 5 minutes. .Off at.2:S5. -For»ee. place. 4; show. 2. The- Cure.
place, 3; show, .1-2. Military Man. show. 2-5. Winner, h. c. by Libertine- 8tralfht Tip.
Trained by J. H. McGhee. Scratched— Scherzo, St. Yusef. .Foxy Gra'ndpa. Start" fair.
Won in a hard drive of four.- Captain Forsee. was lucky. The Cure got ftr some poor
going on the rail. Adklns, on Military Man,' furnished a very sloppy exhibition. Laftef
•was best. Telephone will do. Whoa Bill swerved Just as barrier was. sprung.- He wiy
take jiome beating next time. • * ' ' \ '
Sao!!. THIRD RACE — Futurity course; selling'; 4,-year-plds and up: value to first,. $323.
Index! Horse and Owner. . IWtlSt. H. ¦%. %. Str. Tin. \. Jockey, .j OpI! ClI
TASO Father Wentk»r. 4 (Schreiber)|108| 1 "... 13 i 1%.T %11 |t>. Hall....| -ff-2 ".'3'
(M74) Rollick. 5 (M. Jones) 11051 7 *... 4 1 3 H 2 n 2 n- Adkins '? . *
5.!1'2 Rey Dare. 5 (N'ealon) ; |l00 « ... 8 1^5 n 52 3 h J..Ma!rttn.. •••«" 10*
i>374 Aunt Polly. 5 (Oraffort). .... .ilic| 5 ... -2 1^2 «4 4 1 %4- 2^ Chandler .-. • 4 ' *
MW Matt Hown. 6 (Magrane) jlOOdl ... 6 H 7- JI S « 1 5n iW. Coletasyi Ie ••»*
SS74 J. J. Corbett, 5 (Hedges) 10R 8^... 10 \u,H n 1 Y 6 H-IFerrell .... . 1 -W
Z?Ml The Miller, a (McNeil) |lO»!9 ... M '» 1 » 2 T2 i I. -Powell.. : -20- ".30
(4T , S r ;) ij? U5ln Czrri( -' » (Burger)..... | *7 3 ... 3n 4nlh *• IHIHIIdebrnd .• • 10 1* •
'J'o- 4 II. C (H. W. Uoag... 10O 2 ... f» n 10 2 19 3 ,O 2 iReed- J ' JO .1*.
'h'/^ Mik 5 Murphy> 4 {J - N>U) 105 * ••• 6h « li » 1 V » iBirk-nruth 20- M%
¦VJC5 jSugden. a (W. McXamw).... 10C1O- ... 7 '11 "11 " |Tullet 10- 13
Time— :ir.li*. :47H. l:10«4. At post 7 minutes. Off at 3:24^. Wentker. place, 8-5;
Fhow .4-5 Rollick place. 6-3; show. 3-5. Dare, bhow." 2. Winner, b. h. by Saln-Caro
*?£-. ?*, "• ,T. r . alnPd J >y J G -, Covlnicton - Scratched— Quiet. ¦ Start good. Won in a hard.
I. \T. , n r " r, * r ad air the raclnK luck and was fortunate to win. Rollick poorly
handler!. Rey Dare ran a good race. Aunt Polly quit. Hogan cut off on stretch turn.
_ <^_^ c^J^tta«Iowbeglnnei\Cousin Carrie quit. . - . / • '.,._..•
."ao.'t. FOURTH RACE— One mile and nrty yards; selling:. 3.year-or<Js and up: to flrst. $3t5.-'
Index) Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. Vj . %'. %. Str: Fin. I" Jockey. .J Op.T^Cl
ore9t T , K ! nK> 4 (JonM & Co.). .1100! 4 3-% sV 5 .6' 3 1 n-n illlldebrnd . T ¦ ft
W") I-a»t Knight. 4 (Lemasney)...il01j 6 1 >, 1 n 1 h 2 h 2 % Foley ¦ '• •.* 3 3
«KJSl) I^cy Crawford, .t (Schrelbert. I K>\ 3 5 h 4 1U4 n 4 S 3 h J Booker" *• '" a li 1'
S3S1 Heather Honey. :i (Leach). . : .M02 R 2 "i 2 12 iu."l n 4 "'^He^WW ' ¦ f " . -
(...•MM) Diamante. .5 (V.. J. Spiers). ..107 7 7 B 1 fi 10 6 12 H 12 iWatirbunr •« * 1H
53ti<> iGreyfeld. q (G. A. Davis). ...j 00; 1 4 V, 7 • ?I 7 7- " ivJnfrl Z./ •*. Jo
Time— :25^i :50Vi, 1 .:16ft, 1:41. ' 1 :44U. At- post i t minute. Off at :!:«};. -Last Khighi,
place, -I- 5; show. 1-4. Crawford, place. 7-10^ show, 1-3. Honey, »ho.w. 1 Winner" br
h. by Free Knlght-Nilety. Trained by D: Lomasney. Start fair. .Won easily. Next' two
driving hard. Forest King bump<yl I^st Knisht nnar tirty yards ami was dlanualffled I
Lacy Crawford ran a good race. -Henderson on Heather ; Honey, startei the- bumptn?':
Waterbury rode Diamante. <Jreyf eld sulked. CaVonal did well. *DlsqHaMn'ed: "for "a f oul ¦
and placed last. : -v./.- V. - * •' -• • . * .• • . ¦'.¦:••
t>:W>4. ¦ FIFTH RACE— Six fuflonga; handicap; 'S-year-oMs and upi yaiae'jo -fl»s't. >4<>X • •" :
Index | Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. H. »T a i/.}>tf. Tin. | jockey.- Ofr. • ci. '
B327 Irldlus. 3 (W. H. Jennings). .-.| r.fl! 2 ... 2 2^2 '4^1 % 1 n IJ Martin •' " • ' V- 1*8 5 ¦
M7B | John A. Scott. 3 (M. Jones)./. 112 1 ... 1 1 %l .2 ? 1^2 IHlAditna • *.$ \i 5
{6358 Warte Ntcht. 3 (Wllkerson).. 105 4 ../ 3 t£/3 4 3 2<?3 2U I Powell"' •• 4 '• ¦%
6350 Martinmas. 3 (Henshall) (05(5 ...'&' 5 & 4 1 IknaDD • : •-¦2--5™ : '
(5249) Efcalante. 4 (C: H. Patten). .jl07| 3 ... 4 2 4 1 • 4 V,' 5. • |-Wa»erbu'rV * 8- ¦ -ii :
Time— :24Vi. :*-%. 1:13%. At post % minute. Off at 4:02%, . Irldlasl place i- slioW • iVv
Scott, place, 1; show, 2-5. Warte Klchf, show. 1-2. Winner,' r; by Oolderf Garter-
Irls. Trained by W. B. Jenninsrs. Start good. Won irt a hanj drive of three. ." Coatrary ••"
, to orders Adkins on Scott set the pace. This made it pleasant for' Irtdtvs. wTilcti wWn'
handily. Warte Nicht lingered. Martinmas must have been *eiz«xt with' stage fWaht'
- t - m - g !^ l I'- - S " c J I -^. t - r ?"_ Escalant » wa .» dellgfitfiilly raioi by Waterbury. • ." • •¦ : • .- ¦.:
C30f». *SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; 3-year-olds a'rid 'upward: vajua to ffrsi. $325. ,* ' •: V.
Index I Horse and Owner. "' V4 . ' yj. %. .Str.' .Fin. \. : Jockey. [.' Op.;.' ci' ; *
¦rxa Horton. a (Blanchl & McO.).ll03 1 ... 4 % 2 HI *4 1- l ;^l^ Martin • '3-3 ; S-i •
5347 Constable. 4 (Stockton Stable)!100 3 ..;. -2 «i 3 h- 2 M» 2 Z • Foley -'" ¦> -2«> : • '«>• ¦
5381 ' Bill Massie, 5 (McAlester). . .I1C5 4 ... 1 X^ Ih3 3.'3 4- I ' Powell* ' 3' ' -S : "
KIKi Lady Kent, a (Wellman) 1102 2 ... :3 .^a 4 1 -:4 1 A %. Hildehrnl -. • '.« ; - ' • 4' '
6351 The Ltdaean, 4 (B. & H.)....|1O3| 5 ... 6 ' 5 1 5 1. 5 V Larsen ...'. \ is' ' '-SBr.
633S Or. Sachem, a (J. J. Moran).[ 95[ 6 ., . 51 g .6 ' 6; > JMoran.' I.;.' 2O> .- 46 : = •'
Time— 1:42U. At post H minute. Off at 4; 25. Horton, .but plice and 's'how:. Conitable :
place, 12; show, 3. Massie, show, 2-5. Winner, ch. .h. by El- Rayo-Fiislllaao't : Last
Trained by O. A. Blanchl. Start good. Wan easily.- Next two driv-lnx. ilartlai keot"
Horton up. Constable showed Improvement. Lady Kent was heavily played. . ! • . '"
Dr. W. J. Hasford, president of the
Interstate Coursing Club, will name the
field stewards and other officers on the
night of the draw. This will be held
on the 9th Inst. It has been announced
that John Grace, the veteran judge,
will officiate in the saddle, having suf
ficiently recovered from his recent se
vere injuries.
The following coursing men were
elected members of the club last nlgHt:
Michael J. Pierce, P. F. Callan, R. Long
and E. Reddy. *SV :
The event will be- run^ at Union
Coursing Park on the 12th and 13th
inst. It will be limited to sixty-four
entries, as has been the custom in the
past. The entrance fee will be $25 and
$1600 will be added to make up the
$3200 purse.
| Of this the winner will receive $500;
runner up, $300; third, $175, fourth, $100;
the next eight, $50 each, and the next
sixteen, $25 each. There will be "two
consolation events and the prize money
will be distributed in. such, a manner
that of the sixty-four original entries
only six will fall to win their entrance
fee.
From present appearances fully one-;
half 'of the dogs competing will be
greyhounds of note from the East.'
They will make their first appearance
on this coast' in this event. , .
A meeting of the Interstate Coursing
Club was neld last night in Pythian
Castle to arrange the preliminaries of
this year's John Grace Challenge Cup
stake. John Hajton reported for the
cup committee. . VVf-^'rV;
Half of the six events down for de
cision went to favorites in the betting,
but the sudden bobbing, to the surface
of Berendos and Captain Forsee, both
long shots, were entirely unexpected.
There was a good attendance and the
books bad the better of the argument.
Milt Jones' sprinter, John A. Scott,
ran a remarkably good race in the six
furlong handicap, only to be downed a
neck by the Jennings entry, Iridius.
"When Foley lodged a protest with
the Judges the claim was allowed and
the race given to the favorite. This
gave the place to Lacy Crawford and
show honors to Heather Honey.
ALLOW CLAIM OF f FOUL.
Henderson, not to be outdone,
"passed the buck" back. At the pad
dock Hildebrand, astride Forest King,
caught the two leaders and he could
not refrain from taking, a hand.
was the old story of the new, man in
the game v being elected. Forest King
bore in badly, bumping Last Knight.
Probably the" disqualification of For
est King, after the Oregon horse had
beaten Last Knight a neck for the mile"
and fifty-yard selling ,event. at ' Oak
land yesterday did not pleas? the book
ie's, but it; suited the -.crowd, which
manifested < its approval by loudly
cheering the Judges' decisicm.
Last Knight was a 3 to 2 favorite
and at the head ¦ of the stretch he
looked all over a winner. . Then Foley
relapsed into one of 'his lethargic
spells and, /when arouse'd from the
trance, Henderson, with • Heather
Honey, had crowded up on even terms
vvith him. Foley immediately reached
for his'whip and let his mount swerve
in toward the rail.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Half the Entries Will Include
Eastern Greyhounds
fcf Note. '
Oregon Bred Horse Beats Last Knight a Neck, but Is Disqualified on a Claim
of Foul— Two Favorites Only Capture Purses at Oakland— Iridius Dis
poses of John A. Scott in Fast Time— Horton Finally Finishes First.
Arrange Details of the
John Grace Cup
Event.
LEASHMEN PLAN
A RICH STAKE
EAGERNESS OF HILDERBRAND TO WIN
LOSES THE RACE FOR FOREST KING
THE;: SAN FRAXGISCO .CALL, WEDNESDAY; ,, DECEMBER J903.
NEWS OF THE RACETRACK, THE FIELD, THE RING AND THE BENCH SHOW
hteresting and Instructive Exhibition of Poultry, Dogs and Cats Is
Inaugurated Under the Joint Auspices of Well Known Specialty Clubs
.and Will. Continue to Delight Visitors During the Remainder of Week
FEATHERED ARISTOCRATS ARE INSTALLED
COMFORTABLY AT MECHANICS' PAVILION
10
ADVERTTST-TvrBypr3_ ' :. .•
H ¦ ' ¦ ¦* p iiiiiiiiiiiiii
®Vim, Vigor. Vitality tor kfaj* .
MORMON BISHOP'S ' Pllj^i*
hava bean In us* ov«r nrty
yoars by the leaders of U«
Mormon Church and ¦ U«»
followers. . Positively tur« to*
worst, cases in old and youotf
arlsinc from effects of ieir-
abuse. dissipation, excesses or
cigarette smoking. Cur* Lose
Manhood. Ixnpoteacy. Los?
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Destirs, Lama Back.
, Nervous Debility, Headache. Cnntnesa to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. *m- Varicocel* or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner **J fJ vous Twltchlnc or
Eyelids. Effects are J?r. immediate. Impart
vleor and potencj*'*'" *»to every function.
Don't cet despondent, a cure is at hand. R*.
store ' small, undeveloped organs. StlmuUt*
the brain and nerv* center*; &0c a box; i tor
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with tt boxea. Circular* tr**»
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 EJlls at
Ean Francisco. CaU GRANT DRUG CTL U
i aodiO Tolrd •*.-.,: - - . - -•¦••. -Lwuis Schneider, a .'soldier 20 -years
pJd, nias.. discharged on. habeas .corpus
yesterday by .order of United States Dis
trict Judjre <?? Haven. . Louis enlisted in
Chicago. in Company -A, Twentieth. Regi
naent of Infantry. United States army.
F.'nd- 'waf on "his was to 'the- Philippines
when his father applied for the "C'rit..
No jLonger "a Soldier.
.-;-A-<".able.me.ssage .rwSeived .here ye&ter
•-day . from- Honolulu, -conveyed' to . Frank
,'M 1 . \ie.nifer. former .lo«al rate. <1erk of the
Santa, >"e Company and at present deck
•in. ilie-pa'isen : £er office of the Oceanie
•£tearijsh!p" Company, : that, he Has-been
..a'ppoin-ted Pacific Ctfast representative of
j.\tie ;'-Harii*aiian Pron>oti6ri Committee with
¦Keadq'uarters" in this iclty.- -He '••will also
have abranch o'ffice-in'Lo's Angeles.
To JELepreseri.t- Hawaii.
. ¦' : .-PyrogT»phy outfits .and things to burn
lh sra<?d av.d leather, i "We are .agents for
AViirsof &. Newton.' makers Cf. Jthe '.best
ftrtist .materials in tfte world.- Saribom,
Vail &Coa -741 Market :cireet: : •
'. A jury was impaneled in J.uflge Law
' lor.'s • court yesterday to try the case
of Charles SuMivan. charged with John
<H.. 7 P<jw*e!l. \yith the -.murder of ;Special
-. Police it:ti^ Robert A. Sample on Fol
..eoauMreet,-between .First; and Second,
.-cn-ihe -morning of August. 1L The de-
Yen^&nt. is' represented by AUorney
"Eijay and Assistant District Attorney
.Ferral \s representing the people.
, . The defendants, Sullivan' and pPowell,
had' b^en drinking la a grocery «t Fol
¦fcoRj-and Fremont streets and' when the
•store was elosed at midnight they
ftarted- txj figtit a man named. Connel
ly". Francis Dulleghan. a boiler-maker,
:\vent to Connelly's assistance, and "the
defendants turned their to
'him: Thty f ollowf d Dullejrhan to First
.and Folsoni streets, 'where they again
ettackM him.' Samjile ca^ne upon ; the
scene with his club In his hand and
Erioved the defendants to the middle
of th'e street, t-elling. them to go home.;
•.The defendants went .aiong Folsom
street, toward Second, and; stopped in
a -doorway opposite £fsex street. Sam
,ple followed them and v.-itnesses htard
two shots. flred in rapid succession from
a revolver. Policemen Clark arid Nob
mann . arrcf te.d the defendants while
they were running -in the* direction of
Second street. They were taken to
inhere * Sample lay • weltering in his
blood, aiid" • Sample, told" Clark that
Powell had attacked him and Sullivan
liad ..knocked him dfi.wn, taken his .re
volver out .of hla pocket and shot him
latee'.with it. Sample later made 'an
ap5«-rr.ortein statement to the same ef
jeoC Sample was shot twice, atid, ac
oor£lng.-.to the evidence of .the physi-.
clans "\yho attended' him, he had also
been kitked on the face and clubbed.
• Sample's-club -and. cap. were found a
tewvfeet away from wheje he lay and
his revolver' was' discovered in a gar
den, a few doors distant from the. spot
by .-Policeman Nob'manxL* One of* 'the
-witnesses for the prosecution picked up
a pair of Brass knuckles near, the scene
< f the-'chooting. • :
- .The -examination of- the' witnesses will
be. commenced* to-morrow mprning.
Accu'sed by the Dying Officer
With' Haying Shot
-.'¦ . ' Him- Down. '.
That the storekeepers of the Western
Addition are an extraordinarily gulle-
Signor Ricci's razor was exhibit A in
the case, and when the weapon was
passed up to the bench for inspection
the court gingerly ran a thumbnail
along its edge and then tossed it back
to the clerk, with a shrug of mingled
amusement and disappointment.
"A man's skull might be fractured
with that implement,", was the Judge's
remark, "but as . a cutting tool it is
innocuous.".
"May it please, the court, we claim
that this is a deadly weapon," shouted
an attorney Interested in the prosecu
tion.
"So is a sandbag," was the court's
amblgyous comment.
In dismissing the case Judge Ca
baniss did not say that the bluntnesa
of the Riccl razor inspired his decision.
. Judge Cabaniss, several •• attorneys
•and an interpreter labored long and
strenuously with the case of Joseph
Riccl, laborer, accused of wielding a
razor and otherwise terrorizing the in
mates of Joseph Almo's boarding-house
at 641. King street. ¦ Principals and wit
nesses told their respective tales In
soft, Neapolitan gutturals, and. the elo
quence of their accompanying gestures
made the narrative plain as day even
to those among their audience who did
not understand their language.
From the mass of testimony it was
ascertained that Signor Almo. and his
boarders had Just returned from a
funeral and were soberly partaking of
dinner when Signor RIcci,. heated with
wine, entered the dining-room and
hilariously Insisted upon being allowed
to contribute claret to the menu. As
h!s visitor's mood was incompatible
with the spirit of mourning that poss
essed his boarders, Signor Almo expos
tulated by smiting Signor Ricci's head
with a chair, whereupon Signor Rlcci
drew a razor and precipitated what the
arresting policeman designated "a
rough house." Furniture . and Italian
expletives were flying thick and fast
when the policeman burst in and suc
ceeded in bringing order out of chaos.
With the mother's thanks and the
son's sobs of gratitude ringing In his
ears the Judge Instructed the clerk to
call the next case.
eixteen-year-old Tommy Kerwin
wanted to be a desperado, and evident
ly thought he was one when he de
serted his widowed mother's humble
hcrnie In Sunshine alley and subsisted
on bread and milk stolen from door
steps and slept In a hay barn. He was
"caught in the act of pilfering his break
fast one rooming about two weeks ago,
and when Police Judge Mogan allowed
him to go free on probation he seemed
1 io be repentant. 'His farinaceous fare
' must have become .monotonous, how
ever, for yesterday he was before the
same tribunal on a charge of having
stolen candy from a store. His mother
was In the courtroom.
"What are you tryinjr to do, Tom
my?", inquired the Judge. "Break into
the penitentiary?"
Tommy tried to look defiant, even
when his mother wept. The Judge
eyed him keenly.
"As you appear to be incorrigible I
must send you to the Reform School
and see that you are kept there until
you decide to be an honest boy."
Tommy's fortitude melted in a blub
ber and he implored the court to give
him another chance. "I will stay at
home and steal no more, Judge; indeed
I won't," he sobbed. The mother also
prayed the court to deal leniently with
her wayward son, and her appeal evi
dently had more effect than his prom
ises. .
"I am sorry for you," said the Judge,
addressing the weeping woman, "for
you appear to be a good mother. And
X do .not want to send your lad to
prison, although ne seems determined
to force an entrance there. So , you
may take him home with you, and,"
turning to the boy and shaking a
threatening finger, . "if you come be
fore me again I will send you to the
Reform School sure. Until further or
ders you must come to me once a week
and eatisfy me that you are living
honestly." . :
• No argument was made, of course,
and Grace Austin was removed from
• the courtroom.
"I could not .afford to take any
chances of that woman eluding Jus
tice?" said the Judge, in explanation
of his summary .action. "She is a
chronic vagrant beyond doubt, and she
is also a convicted thief, likewise a ball
Jumper. Several months ago she was
before me on- a charge of larceny and
I admitted her to bail pending a con
tinuance of the case. She did not ap
pear oh tbe appointed date and her
bondsmen found themselves victims of
misplaced confidence.
"Since then. I have ascertained, she
was u'p before Judge Cabaniss on a
similar- charge' and escaped punishment
In a similar way. She has earned the
sobriquet of 'The vanishing lady," but
she will not live up to her title for six
months anyway."
I The Judge smiled grimly and said no
j more about "Grace Austin, vagrancy,"
j until a' frowzled female of uncertain
age stood before him and falteringly
tried to meet his stern and reproving
eye. ....
"So hare you are again," he said, "on
the same old charge."
"Yes, your ' Honor," murmured the
defendant.
Then a policeman told of how he had
arrested the woman because he discov
ered she had no visible means of hon
rest maintenance, and an attorney was
i about to cross-examine the policeman
when the court intervened.
"Hold on," he said: "I sentence the
defendant to 6lx months in the County
r.Jall. Now, Mr. Pleader, you may make
|"your argument"
"She are," was the flippant reply.
Pollfce Judge Mogan gasped, rubbed
his eyes and gasped again when he
glanced at his docket yesterday morn
ing and saw among the names and
charges inscribed thereon, "Grace Aus
tin, vagrancy." Pointing to the name
with eager finger, he turned to Clerk
Pundt and whispered:
Mrs. Josephine TVinship, seamstress,
residing at 229 Harriett street, was ar
rested early yesterday morning on
complaint of Eugene Duffey of 320
Minna street, who charged her with
having stolen two $20 gold pieces from
his apartment while she was making
a casual call. When Policeman L.a-
When the court's decision and pen
alty were announced a number of the
colored troopers made up a pool of
their available cash to pay Jackson's
fine, but the total subscriptions came
within quite a few dollars of the requi
site sum, and then, bidding "Gawge"
to be of good cheer until they returned
and freed him, the dusky crowd went
forth to "hustle.t
A fine of $30, with the alternative of
thirty days in prison, was the punish
ment prescribed by Police Judge Mo
gan for George Jackson, the colored
cavalryman who slashed David . R.
Brown, a coast artilleryman, with a
razor during a melee on November 21,
while the parties were aboard a Union
street car and bound for the Presidio.
Witnesses of the event testified that
the scrimmage was general among a
lot of private soldiers of varying na
tionalities and uniforms. Several of
the defendant's colored comrades-in
arms tried to make 1t appear that he
was more sinned against than sinning
when he drew the favorite weapon of
his race and attempted to defend him
self by carving Brown. On the other
hand, some white soldiers swore that
the -negro's attack was unwarranted,
if not unprovoked.
"Thank you," was the Judge's dryly
uttered response; "but the truth is
we're long on interpreters and short on
lawyers in this case."
Not one of the legal gentlemen
laughed out loud at the Judicial sally.
While an assault case in which the
parties were Italians was In progress
before Judge Cabaniss the Interpreter
left the courtroom before his services
were entirely dispensed with, . and in
his absence one of the attorneys in
formed the bench that if an Interpreter
were needed his side would furnish
one.
Mr. Kelley did not tell the court
•vyhere he obtained his supply of "Con
feds." He will be. sentenced Jo-day.
less lot was demonstrated befqre Police
Judge Conlan when several retailers of
groceries and ardent spirits of that sec
tion of the city told of how they had
been taken in and done for by Thomas
Kelley, alias Frank Cunningham,
charged with having obtained money
by false pretense.
The complaining witness, a grocery
man, whose store is at Sutter and La
guna streets, described the Kelley
method of getting something for noth
ing, and his testimony was corrobo
rated by other dealers in household
necessaries doing business in the same
district. Mr. Kelley's system was sim
plicity Itself. He Just went into a gro
cery, ordered a quart bottle of whisky
for $1 50 and tendered a $20 Confederate
bill in payment. If the grocer accepted
the worthless bill and gave Mr. Kelley
the .bottle of whisky and $18 60 In
change Mr. Kelley walked out and was
seen no more by that particular victim.
But If, on the other hand, the store
keeper happened to have cut his eye
teeth In ante-bellum days and recog
nized a "Confed" bill when it came his
way, Mr. Kelley deploringly explained
that he had taken the valueless bit of
paper in payment for labor performed,
and that it was all the money, or
semblance of money, he had In his pos
session. So the dealer congratulated
himself upon his perspicacity and the
salvation of his bottle of whisky and
$.18 50 in good hard Federal coin.
But it appeared that the majority of
Western Addition grocerymen upon
whom Mr. Kelley ' tried his get-rich
quick scheme were not versed in the
identification of spurious currency, for
he drove a roaring trade ere the' sharp
fellow at Sutter and Laguna 'streets
brought his crooked career to an abrupt
halt. Indeed, a' canvass of the liquor
purveyors of the district would result
in the discovery of a surprisingly large
number of bills of $20 denomination
which were Issued by the unrecognized
government of which Jefferson Davis
was President. The holders of these
souvenirs are not likely to boast of
possessing ' them, however, for every
one of them is a testimonial to Its own
er's lack of ordinary mercantile sophis
tication.
Charged . With Murder
of Special Police
man Sample. •
J. Ray Prewett Finds He
Required Permission
to Marry. -
Anna Ross, Accused of
Complicity in Mur
der, on Trial.
Demands Annulment of Ties
Formed Nearly Four
Years Ago.
Case of. Woman Who Wit
nessed Killing of Mrs.
Le Roy Opens.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 1.
Anna Ross, the white woman charged
with complicity in the murder of aged
Mrs. Elizabeth Lie Roy, who was killed
by Victor Walkirez , at her cabin in
Golden Gate last May, is' on trial
before Superior Judge Ellsworth. ¦'-:
The grewsome details of the autopsy
on Mrs. L>e Roy's remains were re
viewed . before Judge and Jury, but the
Ross woman showed indifference to
the testimony.
A few weeks ago she testified to
having seen Victor Walklrez, a light
colored negro, commit the deed. .'.'He
struck the dozing colored woman . In
the head with a hammer and stran
gled her with a clothes line. Walklrez
was convicted of murder and Is now
serving a life sentence in San Quentin.
He jf was brought to the Alameda
County Jail to-day to testify against
hl3 former companion.
DEATH ENDS CHARITABLE
WORK OP. MRS. ; JffoELROY
Funeral Services of Aged. , .Woman
Will Be Solemnized at Memorial
Church This Morning, f"
The funeral cervices of Mrs. 'Amanda
McElroy, who died at her home on
Haight street Monday morning, will be
solemnized at Simpson Memorial Metho
dist Episcopal Church, corner of Hayes
and Buchanan streets, at 10 o'clock this
morning.
Mrs. McElroy was born in New York
State in the year, 1828, and came to this
State In the early fifties. Since living
In California she has always been
among the first to answer the summons
of charity, and has been identified ; with
many charitable and religious organiza
tions.
At the time of her death' Mrs. McElroy
was the president of the board of man
agers of the University Mound Old La
dles' Home and a director of i the Dea
coness' Home, the -Oriental Home and
tho Needlework Guild of America.
Mrs. McBlroy leaves a husband and
two sons, R. D. McElroy and James R
McElroy. *
J. Ray Prewett, who was married on
February 15, 1900. to Sadie Prewett,
has Just learned that his marriage did
not bring him happiness. Yesterday
he filed a suit to have- it annulled on
the ground that when he took unto
himself a wife he was not 21 years of
age and did not ask the consent of his
mamma and his papa. In his com
plaint he eays that he ,was but little
over 20 years of age when he became
a benedict, and that as soon as he
learned that marriage at that age
without the consent of one's parents
was illegal he immediately ' left his
wife.
Catherina Parentl of 2196 Powell
street wants a divorce from Sevarlo
Parentl on the ground of cruelty. She
says that ho has frequently beaten her
until she became black and blue.
Divorces are also wanted by Johanna
Mohr from George Mohr. for neglect,
Marian McClellan from Elbert McClel
lan for desertion and Alice Myrtle Owen
from Oliver T. Owen for neglect.
Judge Graham granted Agnes E.
Rouard a divorce from Anthony C.
Houard for desertion. Mrs. Rouard
saya her husband thought more of his
mother than he did of his wife, and
preferred the former's company to
that of the plaintiff. Rouard is a let
ter carrier.
Judge Graham al«o granted a divorce
to Therese Mitchell from Peter Mitchell
for neglect.
Judge Kerrigan severed the marriage
ties of Anna J. Button and Thomas P.
Button and W. A. Betts and Maud L.
Betts. Button neglected his wife and
Mrs. Betts was cruel to her husband.
Judge Bloss adjudged James B. Gran
niss, a wealthy machine shop proprie
tor, guilty of contempt and ordered
him Into custody until such time as he
pays Amelia Granniss, his former wife,
$50 due her under an order of court.
Margaret Weir, defendant in a suit
for divorce on the ground of deser
tion brought by Andrew J. "Weir, In
an answer to his suit denies the truth
of the charge, and in a cross complaint
asks that she be granted a decree on
the grounds of conviction of felony, de
eertion and neglect. She alleges that
he was sentenced to San Quentln for
eight years for obtaining money by
false pretenses.
Live Wire Blocks Car Traffic.
A wire charged with several thousand
volts of electricity fell across the trol
ley wires of the United Railroads at tho
junction of Sixteenth and Folsom streeis
yesterday evening. The first car that
came In contact with the cross wires was
disabled and the line was blocked for
nearly an hour. No damago was done
and the linemen soon had the wire in its
proper position. -
Deputy Treasurer Resigns.
Merton C. Allen, a deputy in the of
fice of City Treasurer McDougald, ten
dered his resignation yesterday and it
was accepted. Allen gives no explana
tion for severinc his connection with
the office, except to say that he is con
strained to resign for personal reasons.
Treasurer McDougald immediately pro
moted James Tomalty, a clerk, to
Allen's position, which • pays $150 . a
month. Alfred Hobro was temporarily
appointed as clerk at $100 a month.
Bumble Demurs.
W. H. H. Hart appeared in the United
States District Court yesterday and ar
gued a demurrer to the indictment
against George W. Rumble, charged with
having used the United States malls for
the purpose of defrauding his corre
spondents by means of a mining scheme.
The chief ground of the demurrer was
that the acts C9mplained of in the in
dictment were not alleged to have been
committed within the period of elx con
secutive months.
Grange, to whom Duffey first unfolded
his suspicion, went to the woman's
house he found her in the act of at
tempting to conceal two coins of the
denomination described by the com
plainant.
When the case was called before Po
lice Judge Cabaniss the fact was de
veloped that, far from being an occa
sional visitor to the Duffey apartment,
Mrs. 'YVinship went there frequently,
and carried a key which enabled her
to enter when she pleased and without
knocking at the door, said key being
in her possession, as she testified,
"with Mr. Duffey/s knowledge and con
sent."
Whether this proof of Mr. Duffey's
confidence In Mrs. Winship's integrity
will be regarded as mitigatory by the
court remains to be seen, as the case
was continued till December 7.
Police Judge Mogan Precludes All Possibility of
Grace Austin,. Chronic Offender, Repeating Her
Favorite Act of Leaving Her Bondsmen to Settle
CALMLY LISTENS
TO AWFUL TALE
GULIVAN FACES
A TRIAL JURY
LEARNS THE LAW
AT A LATE DATE
COURT MAKES SURE THAT FEMALE
VAGRANT SHALL NOT ELUDE HIM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER** 2, 1903'.
11
EEOAL SHOES.: ' .
'phese tanneries of ours are at Whit-'
/man, Mass., and Milwaukee. They
are real tanneries and they turn, oiit
real leather which is made up.iftto
real Regal Shoes. . • . * ., ' ,
Maybe it isn't necessary to go into this detail, but
there is so much romantic fiction in shoe advertising, that
we don't blame people for being a trifle " gtmrshy." " : ir
Well, you know, it's a heap easier to write words,
than it is to make shoes. If you could just wear the ad-
vertising instead of the shoes, it would be all right. The
same words are open to everybody's use, or misuse.'
That is the reason we put buzz. saws in all; Regal- stores '
and the "Window of the Sole "'on all Regal soles.- . The
Regal is the shoe that probes. You just keep a* list* Of
Regal claims, come into the store and we will check them
off for you. We will prove every one of them before you
part with your $3.50. j ••..'*
• ' There are 60 Regal Stores^ — 20 .of ' them in Greater New
York, where the styles originate.. The. new styles are on sale in
our San Francisco store at the same, time as in the New York
stores. Other dealers get the same styles a year, later, .j • •• .v
San Francisco Stpre, : Cor.' Geary and Stockton Sfs.
. AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA THEATJR
Friday AfteraooD, December.^ !903, •
' t • AT 5:30 O'CLOCK. .' V
MONSTER BENEFIT
PERFORMANCE ; •
"br AjD or thjb . . . •. *
FREE WARtt
OB" THE
: California \
Woman's Hospital
A PROGRAimfc BBTOND COMPAllB!!
qp>rriyrdu<s show:
EESEBVIJD. SEATS. ... :'. . ../•. . .: . .fldM .
No* en sal« at 'Sherman'. Clay A. Co.'*.
• •*
f^AI UBSJBS ft' 0 -"" 535 "' 1
y>yja|Jay?pSi^ HAOISa TKEATH5
NIGHTLY. rXCLUPIXO BITJTDAX.
t .\.; -MATINEB -SATCHDAT. j
Wm. A'./BradVs W V p * W T
Elabosate- Ifll A %/¦ -
Production Vi/ 4L& ¥ .
of tha , . • f ¥ JL JL Jk* *
H : DOWN
l?i!rVk.r. J- .Am
EUborited by M 11 I
Grl'smer. ' • Jfcs*ULJL^*# Jbw"
Next Week— Last NUhts, "WAT DOWN
EAST." . ' '
INSTANTANEOUS • AND UNPARALLELED
SUCCESS OF THB NEW. AND
ORIGINAL BURLESQUE.
"I-O-U"
Tho Greatest of all Musical Comedies.
Fall of Arouslnr Situations
Ntw. Bongs. Dances and Fun Qatar*.
And our "All Star" cast, including Kolb
and Dill Barney Bernard. Winfleld Blak*.
Mauda Amber. Ben*T. Dillon. Georgia (yRamey
and the Althea twin sisters t»an. (Their first
appearance here.)
Our Beautiful Chorus of Fifty Voices.
Production Lavish la Every DetalL
•Seats on Sale Two Weeks Ahead.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
A Great Show l\iv\ Afternoon and Eienlng
.la the Theater.
INTERESTINO BABIES IN THB INFANT
- INCUBATORS.
ZAUAS57A5 Z3T TIB BOOt
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNT ARCADS.
Strotl Through the MIRROR MAZg.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
When Phonics; Ask for "The Chutes."
The Weefij Cafl.
§>1 pci* Year*
';'; \ ¦ ADVEBTJSE2IENTS, ' .
¦ [ If YOU : WANT A " . ••
jGoocl Trunk
• ' ¦ HERE'S YOUR CHANCfi. "
! . A RpgiiLar * d*/' Ajfk
: • 19.50.Vaiue. !kft § 15 1 V.
: Car. Price- V v^ v ..
: A •"eood-locking trunk, -well made, all
jhea\-y brars trimmed, haa two £?£•- f\f\
extra trays, a bargain at %>\Jm\j\J
' ST'IT CASE," in genuine eoi« leather,
made for »-«>ar as well as. CQ Art
'. .beauty, a enar> at tJ>V>«v/tJ
• ¦ S«« our new line of holiday leather goods.
interot you. : > _ ¦¦¦- ;
A. B. SMTTI1 CO.,
. . TnjBk* -end Leather ' Goods. ...
i28-I32 ELLIS STREET,
¦ Atxft-e Powell, 6aa Francisco. ' .
PilbrP DON'T FAIL TO
.laiUVW gce . the beautiful
1 COURT Lounging
%TI(\ roorru the EMPIRE
ailU PARLOR, the
r> ' 1 PALM ROOM, the
{ff/lfid LOUIS XV PAR-
\ll aill* lor, and the LA-
O i -1 DIES' WRITING"
Hotels J *q qm -
(i visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat4
dSUSEUS OF £HATGHY(
\. -- • Bf Th« LLrmt A»«weitil Mjsr-um in tb« \
A .^YVn V.'or.i Wutwx! or -iuy contr&rud A
. KjSx£\ c itrt p««lil»rl7 c«rr< rylbr oiCMl f
ff irP~ 1r£ I ipt!_^:i« on the Cent. Ett 3* yejr*. Q
A jg^i CR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF KEN A
t fl2.«B Cor»u!t»ticn frr» ttii strictly priT»tc. \
(b S yprjr fi Trutacni f^r»in»l:y or py Irtirr. A Q
t \? f7 Tft B /¦wiOtc Cvrrin rvcry OMtuidrruken. ~
A? If 11 A »'H» for P00V. I 1 KII.«»OP«V «f A
"I l^ ES&xtmiACK. uAaia riEt (Af
/¦ (i cl- **lu«blc ba»k far Birn) ¦ ' * A
V t>tt JOCDAH A CO.. 1081 Market ML. a F. V
• S !Q Tho«« Buffering from weak-
_ n ' W^ nesses sap tie pleasures
w» 8 0 of life shculd takeJureh Pills.
is» One botUa irill tell a utory of
n:«Tvelous result*. This medicine has more
r»gavcnatijie, vitalizing force than has ever
I r \ n offered. Sent br mail in plain package
only on receipt cf thi# adv. and $L
Marie by it* oririnator* <*. L Hood Co.. pro-
crietors Hood's Barsaparilla. LotrelL il«»
AilUSEMENTS. •
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY, liEC. 2.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c.; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
.....MAGNETIC VAUDEVILLE !.....
Hal Godfrey and Company; Agnes
Mahr; Clarice Vance; Joseph New-
man; Annie Abbott; Armenis-
Tito Quartette; Bryant and Saville;
. Searl and Violet Allen; and Or-
pheum Motion Pictures, Showing
the Poachers' Fight * With " the
. Gamekeepers. ; .
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SATURDAY:
LAST FOUR. NIGHTS
Of the Xew Seenic Melodrama. i. '¦ :
OVER .
NIAGARA FALI.S.
. BEE THK MARVELOUSLY REALISTIC
NIAGARA FALLS SCENE. "' . • .
Beginning Next Sunday Matinee
MARIE HEATH . sSS^im. 9 '
In the Delightful Rural Drama. *
FOR MOTHER'S SAKE:
PDIfpe Evenings...... 15c. 25c, 50c and 73c
rnlCCJ Matinees, 15c, 25c and 60o
fAUFQRNTin
IflT LAST TIME ~lJa4J •
I SATURDAY NIGHT. W' \\ '
AT THE
(JLLJ company and .tho .
(*, r\r\ c C. whol « play.-"— Ashton
L/lxvJ^^ Stevens In. tfieEx-
ROADS. aminer
Next Sunday -:'••• '.-
¦'¦-¦'-* "SrOHT TOKSO27. " . :
S^Fi The Ever- Welcome Favorite, P«
[IB With Nelse Ertckson. j^j •
IhelatrO
ALCAZARIto"'
• . General Mapager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
"The Alcazar Company is one of extraordi-
nary excellence." — Thos. Garrett In the Post.
"A Smile Twister and a Tear
Starter."— Examiner.
A POOR THIS
RELATION only K
An Ideal performance, quaintly humorous.
Evg\. 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat. & Sun., J5c to 50c
NEXT.MONDAY— The Romane* cf Russia,
? BOYAL, PSXSOZrSB.
First San Francisco Production.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone South 553.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Magnificent Melodramatic Spectacle,
THE COUNTERFEITERS!
One of the Stupendous Succpss*s of the Amerl-
' can Stage*. . : » ¦
Heart Interest! Exdtln* Plot! Thrilling .
Climaxes!
Abundant Comedy! Sslendld Scenery t
• Brilliant Cast!
pnirCC Evenings....... • lOo to 50c
rftlwCa Matinees 10c. 15c. *25c
Monday, December 7th,
NEW YORK DAT BY SAT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A POCKET-KNIFE
THAT WILL STAND WEAR AND TEAR.
1 My Special Price $1.00
My cutlery embraces all the standard
makes, such as Stiletto. Wostenholm, Jor-
dan, Hencltels and -others.
. SCISSORS, according to sire and style..
• • • • • • • 25c up
A irood Razor that you can shave with
every day and easily keep In trlm..81.5O
Razor Strops, like the barbers use, from
• • • 91.00
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer,
1OO8 MARKET ST.. ABOVE POWELL.
- SAN FRAXCI3CO.
Airo"SEarENTs.
..NO ; v>rOPENl~
GREAT EXHIBITION
2000 Thoroughbred
POULTRY,. DOGS, PIGEONS, GATS
MECHANICS' PAVILION
EVERY DAY AND NIGHTTHIS WEEK.
ADMISSION 50c
CHILDREN 25c.
Racing SSi^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKBT CLTXB.
Commencing: November 14. .
Racing- Each Week Day. Rain or 8hlu.
Six or More Races Daily.
¦ Races commence at 3:13 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track tali*
6. P. Ferry, toot at Market street, at U.
12:30, 1:00 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoklnx la
la«t two cars, which are reserved for ladle*
and their escort*.
Returning, trains leave track at 4:18 tad
4:46 and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
: FERCT W. TRSAT. Becretanr.
MISCELLANEOUS AMT7SEMEMTS.
ELLERY'S
ITALIAN BAND
EIGHT NEW SOLOISTS.
SEATS ON SALE IBIS MORNING
¦¦-' SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S
POPULAR PRICES - - - 25c, 50c and 75c
CONCERTS ALHAMBRA THEATER.
SBSSSg^-; Next -Sundaj Night
Matinee* SaturJay and Sunday.
ADVEBTISF.MENTS.
M jgS^^^^S^^^^ A MILLION AMERICAN NURSING &
U Sffi&hT^^i^WBm MOT HERS keep themselves and their ba- |
II wa8$BmWtoaM&£& ties in splendid health with OASOARET3 U
M m < i^^^^^^Kiy^ CeL ' Dd^ Cathartic. The wonderful things U
S »P^P^^«S^mE3^ OASOAIIBTS do for mamas and their w
. H wBffl&BSFr^^BBgEBN* babies have become known through the §j
H /®S1^S^ N. kind words of those who have tried them, B
m <§£? lS^^ an(i so the Bale is now over A MILLION u
B t W >• g&Jmgft BOXES A MONTH. Mama takes a O AS- B
13^* 4^ /BeSt OARBT, baby arets the benefit. The sweet, Erl
B/ J \^gsfe|?*^ palatable tablet, eaten by tho nursing U
E 1 Ja^^^ mother, regulates her system, increases H
m \VJr her flow of milk, and makes her milk mild- H
S W*^ : - -ly ptirffative. Baby gets the effect di- 13
% fflL luted and as part of ito natural food :— no t
h *^T*^s^ violence — no danger — perfectly natural Eg
H i-^A. results. No more sour curds in Q
II 8 stomach, no more wind colic, E
pi \. 7 t^V A cr * na P s » convulsions, worms, rest- 13
|| -VVi.J %f?4 % * : %> J lees nights. All druggists, 10c, 25c, H
£j •"* ji. "[J y*jKr^ — ~**$j 50C Never sold in bulk. Genuine fa
H ~ |»<L /* ~^^c-^-y tablet stamped O O O. Sample H
n "They make um Wn^ and booklet free. Addrea3 B
H feet ,. c ,od." \ >^ • j|a STERLING REMEDY CO., U
H \ '<v^?~~-**0*I*L\ ' Chicago or New York. ||
I ANNUAL SALE— TEN RdlLLIOM 1 BOXES I
I Greatest in the World A wjeSteamer. "For Sails.
Dolphin. . .... Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 2
Valencia Skagway & Way Portt. Dec 4
Bertha Cooks Inlet U Way Pts. Dec. ' 7
Cottage City.. Skagway As Way Ports. Dec. 11
Santa Ana. ... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.jDec. 16
Farallon. . . . ¦ ¦ Skagway & Way. P.orts.| Dec. 17
Sun, Moon and Tide.
In the matter of the inquest ' upon the
body..- of/.. Elise de ; Laurier, . . the young
stenographer ; who : died at 1931 Mission
street on November 27,the jury returned
a .verdict yesterday -to the effect- that
death 'was caused by s an operation ', with
drugs administered by a party or. parties
unknown]tothetjury.y: ;. '
Elise De Laurier Inquest.
United States Coast and ' Geodetic - Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
' at Fort Point. 'entrance to San Francisco
¦ Bay. f Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE^ — The high. and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 min
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tlda Is the same at boh places.
WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 2. ~T
Sun rites .7:08
Sun seta .......4:50
Moon sets .4:34 a. m.
d Time! Time Time Time'
g 1 Ft I Ft. Ft. ) Ft.
«?, L.W| |H W LW . H W[
2 2:52 2.3 9:08 5.8 3:54;— O.2 10:50 4S
3 3:35 2.4 0:44 5.9 4:36 —0.7 11:40 4.8
4 4-20 2.5 10:25 6.0 5:19—1.0
H W L W H W L W . j
5 0:35! 5.0 5:07 2.7 11:09 6.0 '6:04 1.1
6 1.241 6.11 5:66| 2.8 11:58 5.9 6:60—1.0
71 2:10] 5.1 6:50! "2.9 12:50 6.7 7:38—0.8
8 I 2:58[ 5.2 7!50\ 2.9 1:48 5.4 8:29—0.5
I! NOTE — In the above exrjosltion of the tides
the early morning tides are given In th* left
hand column and the successive , tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day,. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. ' The helshts slven are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from * the depth given by.
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean'
of the lower ' low waters. - '
Steamer. Destination. Sails. | Pier.
~~ December 2. 1
San Pedro. . Humboldt ¦* P m £J* r 2
Phoenix™.. Mendoclno City ... 1 pm|P er 13
North Fork. Humboldt Bpnl Per 20
RMunia Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Empire V.V. Coos Bay Direct... 12 m Pier 13
£ R«rhkra Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Central" Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 10
clnt™ntaY" Seattle & Tacoma. * pm Pier 20
g|g§ Pu D 1dSiSer P r 8 - namPier 9
Knnvin*' ' Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
Ifatprai"" San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
H K Maru China &: Japan. ... 1 pm Pier .40
rno«B»v San Pedro & Way - 9 am Pl6r ll
Coos Bay. .... j, ecem |, er 4.
wnvtnirs- Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 10
w w™feV' Loe Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
W *rw£F£ " Astoria & Portland. 4 pm Pier 20
r w Y™;; Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
G. w. Elaer Decembers. |,
_,„ Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
£" !co WUlapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 20
5 Ival - Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
S^i *;• * • ' Point Arena 4 pm Pier . 2
Pt. Arena. . New York Pler 25
Arlzonan... N T vla Panama . 12 m Pier 40
Newport.... December 6.
rgSl— ¦ A D n ifIo e % PO^ 9amp-ier.ll
lom°on a aV:.V Humbom A .„ . . 1 :» P Pier 0
G.Lindauer. Astoria & Portland 2 pm Pier 2S
Bonlta..... Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Curacao. . . . Mexican Ports . i . . 10 am Pier 11
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
December 9.
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
December 10.
Ventura.... Sydney & Way... .1 2 pm Pier 7
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
December 12. |
China...... China & Japan....! 1 pm Pier 40
City Para. . . N. Y. via Panama]12 m Pier 40
Queen. . . . . . Puget Sound Ports |ll am Pier 0
TO SAIL.
Steamer. From. I Due.
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria... .[Dec. -2
Tellus Oyster Harbor Dec. 2
Sequoia !. San Pedro Dec. 2
S.Barbara 8eattle & Olympia. .. . Dec. 2
CltyofPpra.. N. Y. via Panama Dec. 2
G. Llndauer.. Portland &• Astoria IDec. 3
Del Norte Crescent City :|Dec. 3
Chlco Coqullle River Dec. .1
Abydos Hamburg & Way Ports Dec. 3
Rival..' Willapa Harbor ....... Dec. 3
Edith Seattle Dec. 3
China China & Japan Dec. 3
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 3
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt Arena Dec. 3
p. Rosa San Diego & Way Pts'Dec. 3
Umatilla. .... Puget Sound Ports |Dec. 3
Chehalts Grays Harbor |Dec. 4
M. Dollar. Portland & Astoria. ...! Dec.- 4
R. Dollar. San Pedro Dec 4
W' Kruger... Tacoma Dec. 4
Leelanaw. . .-. . Tacoma .-. Dec. 4 ,
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 4
Bonlta.... .... Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 4
B. Monica". . . . Grays Harbor Dec. 6
Columbia Portland & Astoria Dec. 6;
J Dollar . Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 6 I
Spokane .V.... Humboldt Dec. 7
Kainier Seattle & Whatcom Dec. 7
State of Cal. San Diego & Way Ports Dec. ,
North Fork . Humboldt Dec. 8
oSeen P"S<* Sound Ports.. ..IDec. 8,
ro^ Bay San P edr0 & Wa y Pw* Dec. 8 ;
SaTi Jose New York via Panama. i Dec . 10 .
imanoe V... Portland & Way Ports. Dec. 11;
Doric ...... China & Japan |Dec. 12
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
In view of the interest that, the grand
president has taken in this matter she
has been elected a member of the Out
door Art League, which has been work
ing for the preservation of the Cala
veras Big Trees and she has been
elected a member of the State-Coun
cil, which is composed of many pro'rnl
nent Californians. as well as Gov
ernors, United States Senators and
Representatives of about forty "of the
States.
The grand president hopes by means
of this circular t» obtain the name of
every Native Daughter to a petition to
be forwarded to Congress to demon
strate that the members of the order
not only desire to have those wonders
of nature saved to the State and na
tion, but that the site should become
a national park.
The grand president has been re
quested to, by reason of her position
and as a member of the Sempervirens
Club of Santa Cruz, to communicate
with President Roosevelt and solicit his
influence in' behalf of the big trees.
"The big tree committee of the Out
door Art League is desirous ttiat the
Native Daughters should exert their
Infiuence, and I would- therefore urge
each subordinate parlor to manifest Its
loyalty and interest in- these wonders
of the State by signing the inclosed
paper, under parlor seal, papers to be
headed with name of parlor and writ
ten on one side only.
"Wou4d kindly ask you to attend to
this matter on'election'night, when the
attendance is usually large, and return
paper with ' members' signatures- as
soon as possible to the grand president,
Santa Cruz, who is a member of the
State Council of the Outdoor Art
League.
"Should any member of any parlor
have friends or relatives in other
States who might be able to arouse in
terest among Representatives of these
States, kindly request hem to do so.
"Being confident of the hearty . co
operation of all our parlors, I am, sin
cerely and fraternally,
"STELLA FINKELDEY,
"Grand President."'
Grand President Miss Stella Ffnkeldey
of the Native Daughters of the Gol3en
West is . endeavoring: to arouse the
membership of the order to the neces
sity of taking steps to preserve the
magnificent gro.ve of gigantic sequoias
in the -Calaveras Grove. In the pur
suance of -that idea she has issued the
following. circular letter to the various
parlors in the State:
Dear Sisters— A renewed effort is be
jng made by the Outdoor Art League of
San Francisco for' the preservation of
the magnificent Calaveras Grove of Bis
Trees. Having seen the same, the
grand president realizes that a mag
nificent national park might .be made
of these groves for the enjoyment not
only, of the people of our own State,
but of the entire country and of the
world.
Grand President Pinkeldey
Wishes Site Turned
Into Park.
Native Daughters Asked
to Preserve the
vTlcti-1 to.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Dec 1— Stmr Empress
of • India, from Hongkong, Shanghai, Naga
saki and Kobe, for Vancouver, B C.
CHRISTIANIA— Sailed Nov 25 — Stmr Norge,
for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 1— Stmr Lombar
dia; for Naples -and Genoa: stmr Kronprlnz
Wilhelm, for Bremen, via Plymouth and. Cher
bourg: stmr Prinzess Irene, for Naples and
Genoa-; stmr Bovlc, for Liverpool. • '
NAPLES — Arrived Dec 1— Btmr Syrian
Prince, from New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Sardinian,
from Montreal. ¦ . - •
ROTTERDAM — Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Ams
terdam, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Paris
ian, fro.ni Montreal.
LONDON — Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Minneapo
lis, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Utto
nla, from Boston, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
GENOA— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Fuerst Bis
marck, from New York, via Gibraltar and
Naples. i . .
OCEAN STEAMERS
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Nov 29— Br ship
Rajor?, from Shields, for Portland, Or.
GENOA — Sailed Xov 14 — Ger stmr Nauplia,
for San Francisco. • . .
HONGKONG — Sailed Nov 26 — Br stmr In
drapura. for Oregon.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed N.ov 17— Br etmr St
Hurbut. for Philadelphia.
SINGAPORE— Sailed Nov 17— Br Btmr Dul
wlck, for Philadelphia.' via Hollo. .
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Nov 19 — Br stmr Low
ther Castle, for New York. Nov 30 — Stmr
Pleiades, for Victoria. '
MELBOURNE — Arrived Nov 2— Nor bark
Barossa, from Kurekn.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Dec 1— Br ship Thorn
liebank. from Philadelphia. a
SYDNEY, Dec 1— Br ship Musselcra*. from
Algoa Hay, reported safe.
SIMONTOWN— Sailed Dec 1— Ship Emily
Reed, for Newcastle, Aus.
MANILA— Sailed Nov 29— Br itmr Indra
mayo, for New York. Nov 14 — U S stmr Sher
man, fcr San Francisco.
In Don: Nov 7— Ger stmr. Nubia, ' for New
York. ' ' .
HONOLULU— Sailed Nov 30— Bktn S N Caa
tle, ¦ for San Francisco.
Arrived. Dec 1— Stmr Argyll.' hence Nov 20.
Arrived" Dec 1— 8tmr Nevadan, hence No
vember 23.
FOREIGN PORTS. .
TATOOSH— Pas«:d Dec 1— Stmr Hyades.
from Yokohama, for. Seattle: stmr "Olympic
hence Nov 28, for Tacoma; atmr Aztec, hence
Nov 28, for Tacoma: Br stmr Empress of
China, from Vancouver, for China.
Passed in Dec 1 — Br ship Beechbank, from
Santa Rosalia. ;
ISLAND PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— ArrlTed Dec 1— Schr Maria
E Smith, from San Pedro.
• REDONDO— Balled Dec 1 — Stmr Sequoia, for
San Francisco. * : -
Arrived Dec 1 — Schr Foreater. from Seattle.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 1— Bark Hesper, for
San Pedro. ' , —
Arrived Dec 1— Btmr Leelanaw, from Se
attle.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec 1— Schr Admiral,
for Port Townsend.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Pomona,
hence Nt>v 30. - '
Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Eureka, hence Nov 30.
WINSLOW— Arrived Dec 1— Schr William
Nottingham, from San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 1— Bktn Katie Fllcklng«r, for
San Pedro. .
EAGER TO SAVE
BIG TREE GROVE
STEAMSHIP LOGAN SAILS FOR THE PHILIPPINES CARRYING AMONG
OTHER PASSENGERS THE BRIDES OF THIRTEEN OFFICERS OF THE ARMY
Transport Takes the Twentieth United States Infantry and the Families of
Many of the Officers— Leaves Wharf in a Heavy Fog, but Anchors in
the Stream Until Sun Shows Clear Path to Sea Througfi the Mist
The army transport Logan, freighted
vrith the fighting men of the Twentieth
United States Infantry and a few bat
talions of army women and children,
including thirteen brides, sa'iled yester
day for Manila. The troopship left the
wharf promptly at noon. She started
her glide for the stream as the hydro
graphic office electrical current rejease"d
the time ball on the. ferry depot' and
was clear of the wharf when the chorus
of water front c whistles marked the
luncheon recess for tire toilers of the
port. Twel-ve o'clock with Major De
ynl means noon, and' the Lopran's start
ing, rignal was a wave of the major's
hand made after the soldier superin
tendent >h*ad critically noted the story
told.bv the hands of bis watch-. .
The thirteen brides had all married
into the regiment which made up the
major portiorr of the Logan's passenger
list. They all carried flowers and for
every bride on ' the trooper were cm
the dock, a' score 'of friends whose good
jsyslnrinsled wlt'h the music of the
•TweHtieth'.s 'band, ••which had done
much to "disperse- the. gloom of the
farewell ceremony end at the last did
It» best to keep, up the spirits of those
departing and the others left behind.
.A he,avy fog envelope'd the Logan as
she left the dock and she remained at
fcnehor in the -stream until the sun had
cleared, through the mists a safe pas
fage seaward. * She will call at Hono
lulu arrd Guam.
; Amo'og t.'.ie. brides who sailed on the
¦'L/Ograh ' Were the wives of Captain G.
D. Moofp and Lieutenants; J. L- De
Witt. W. B. Graham, J. M. Petty. F.
H. CarrUhers. A. E. Ahrends, V. W.
Boiler, H\ M. Nelly and A. M. Wilson.
The troopship^ cabin passengers in
cluded the -following named:
.' Colonel "William S- MeGaskey and
wife. Lieutenant Colonel A'.f red! Rey
nolds.' Major W: T. Wood, Maj[or J. R.
Rogers. Chaplain A. C. Ilurrhy. Cap
¦talfts J.' F.. Mbtrison and wife; F. V.
JC rug and family, E. M. Lew's. W. S.
Graves. and family. F. D. \Vebstcr, G.
D.' Moore land wife. H. J.-Hirsch. W. H.
H. : Chapman -and family.' R. W. Mearns,
G.*H,- Estes. and" family. C- C. Smith,
•li. P.. Smith, Firct Lieutenants T. J.
.Powers and family, J. L". DrWitt and
Vife, J-. jC. Mih-ds. A- M.. Shinp. X W.
¦^eacn.man.- -Hi M. Bnnkhead.A. M. Wil
json. 'C.. S. Kettles, H.- Kinzic. W- B.
Grah'am and w.ife, J. M. Petty and wife.
STEAM SCHOONER LAKME, WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY. UNDER JURY STEERING GEAR, HAVING HAD
/ HER RUDDER BUMPED OFF THROUGH TOUCHING BOTTOM WHILE THE VESSEL WAS CROSSING
THE BAR OUTSIDE THE HARBOR OF SAN PEDRO.
fleers detailed to find out how closely
the builders had followed their agree
ment with Uncle Sam. The figures
16.62 painted on her smokestacks
told of the builders' pride in the
cruiser's prowess and confirmed the
press dispatches, which told of the
warship's satisfactory behavior. The
Tacoma proceeded to the Union 'Iron
Works, where her passengers, official
and guests, were landed. She will
Bhortly go to Mare Island to be put
into commission and will be ready for
duty within a few months.
vember 7. Outer end of Fort Columbia wharf,
ENE.; Fort Stevens wharf post light, E. %S.,
easterly: Cape Disappointment lighthouse,
NKW. %\V.
Columbia River, Astoria to Mouth of Wil
lamette River, pages 57. 61. . 63 and «4—Star
board side of channel buoy No. 2. a flrst-class
spar, was. moved November .12 "in 20 feet "of
water. East end of O. R and N. Co. dock,
S.- by W. *{,W. ;'Knappton Channel post light,
NNW.'%W.:" • ¦ -.' . . ;» ¦- -¦¦ :¦
•Starboard,, side _ of .channel* buoy No. 6, a
first-class ¦ spar was moved. -November 20 in
21 feet of. water.- -Flshhouse.on Taylor Sands,
N. : left tangent to Tongue Point. ENE. %E S ,
northerly: Tongue Point port, light. E. %8.
. Mid-channel 'buoy, a PS., nrst-class spar,
was moved November , 7 in • 30 feet of water.
1/ert tangent to Tongue Point, E. %S. ;
Tongue Point -post light. SE. MB.; Hanthorn's
cannery S. by- W. VbW". . .
-Cowlit7. River buoy. No. %,.. was discontin
ued November 24. ¦ • ¦¦•¦••• ¦¦-¦?•* ¦-•
Martin Island Bar buoy, No. 2,- a flrst-class
spar, was established November 24 in 20 feet
of water as "a guide In the channelover Mar
tin Island Bar. Right tangent to Martin
Island, NE. «iN.; -right .tangent .to Deer Isl
and Point NW. %N.; left tangent to Martin
Island N' by'W. *iW.
Martin Island Bar buoy No. 1 was discon
tinued November 24.
Martin Island Bay buoy No. 4, a flrat-class
spar was established November 24 in 27 feet
of water as a guide In the channel over Mar
tin Island Bar. Right tangent to Martin Isl
and N. by.E ME.; outer end of Deer Island
Jetty NW by W %"VWj "left tangent to Mar
tin Island, N. by.W. %W.
Reeder .Crossing buoy No. 2,. a first-class
spar, was moved November 24 In 19 feet of
water. House north of Knapp Landing. E.
by N.; tangent to Willow Bar Point. NW.
Reeder' Crossing buoy No. ' 4, a first-class
spar, was moved November 24 In 17 feet of
water.. First house south of Knapp Landing,
B. by S. ; tangent to Willow 'Bar Point, NW.
by N. ¦ • - ..--¦';.•• .._.-.¦ - . • ••
Reeder Crossing buoy ; No. 6, , a first-class
spar, was established November, 24 in 20 feet
of water. First house south of Knapp Land-
Ing NNE. j tangent to • Willow Bar Point,
NNW. %W. -'•••¦¦ r - - ¦
¦ Reeder Crossing buoy No: • 1; a first-class
spar was moved November .24 In 20 feet of
water. First house north of ; Reeder Point.
ENE. ?»E.: tangent to Willow; Bar Point,
NNW.. northerly. '•¦¦' ¦¦ ¦'• *¦*?' ,"
By order of the Lighthouse
Commander U. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
The Overdue List
The British ship Thornliebank, out
153 days from Philadelphia for Auck
land and quoted for. reinsurance at .10
per cent, arrived yesterday at. her des
tination and the British ship Mussel
crag; out seventy-two days from Al
goa Bay for Sydney and quoted' at "20
per cent, was taken from the overdue
list on the strength of a cablegram re
ceived by M. A. Newell, stating that
the vessel was safe. The rate on the
Michele Bianchi was reduced to 10
per cent. The other overdues are
quoted as follows: Lurller, 20 per
cent; Fifeshire, 60 per cent; Paris, 60
per cent;'Talca, 15 per cent; Thalia,
90 per cent; La Bruyere, 30 per cent;
Beechdale, 10 per cent.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants, .
The latest lumber charters reported are: -The
British ehlp Fleur de Lis, from Puget Sound to
South Africa, at 52s 6d. chartered prior to ar
rival: Italian ship Minfa, from Portland to
Cape Town; Norwegian bark Rokeby Hail,
from Puget Sound to Delagoa Bay, 50s, re
chartered. . ' .
The fcchooner W. H. Marston returns to
Honolulu with general cargo.*
F. S^ Bowen and wife. Second Lieuten
ants John Randolph, W. B. Wallace, V.
W. Boiler and wife, J. S. McClgery, A.
M. Pardee and mother, H. M. Nelly and
wife; P. G. Wrightson and mother, F.
H. Carrithers and wife,. A. &. Ahrends
and wife. B. W. Phillips. A. D. Chaffln,
Emmett Addis, G. A. Dennis, Surgeon
W. I. Harris and wife.
First Lieutenant James K. Tracey,
Marine Corps: Commodore John W.
Moore and wife, United States navy;
Mrs. M. T. Leay, Mrs. T. M. Corcoran,
Mrs. L. R. Ball, Mrs. W. O. Cutliffe,
Miss Reynolds, Major A. M. Palmer
(quartermaster United States army)
and wife. Captain Harry A. Eaton
(Twenty-third Infantry) and wife,
Lieutenant Colonel Frank W. Robin
son (Thirteenth Cavalry) and wife.
Captain R. O. Van Horn (Seventeenth
Infantry). Lieutenant R. E. Grinstead
(Twenty-third Infantry), Mips A. M.
Wilson, Miss Alice Murphy, Mrs. John
Regan, Mrs. P. P, Holcomb, Mrs. H. D.
Lane. Mrs. Anna M. Campbell, Mrs.
Marie M. Long, Mrs. David J. 'Gilmer.
Mrs. lie Vert Coleman, First Lieutenant
le Vert Coleman, Artillery Corps.
Lakme Loses Her Rudder.
The steam schooner Lakme, which
arrived yesterday sixty-four hours
from San Pedro, was steered for al
most the entire passage by a jury rud
der. When crossing the bar outside
of San Pedro harbor on Xovember 23
the Lakme struck bottom 'and the
jar Jolted off her rudder. Instead of
returning to the southern port for re
pairs Captain Klitgaard ordered all
hands to the rigging of a makeshift
rudder and within a few hours a
skillfully slung spar was doing the
Lakme's steering almost as efficiently
as the rudder had served before the
accident. Captain Klitgaard is a fear
less mariner and a navigator of some
note, but too capable a seaman to
take, unnecessary chances with his
owners' property. The Lakme's jury
rudder was all right for the run up
the coast, but a little bit unhandy for
making port in the hazy kind of
weather which yesterday morning
prevailed in these parts. Rather than
risk a misadventure on the bar Cap
tain Klitgaard anchored his vessel
outside the heads and by and by the
towboat Sea Queen came along, pass
ed a line to the Lakme and towed her
into port. In spite of the accident
the trip from San Pedro was made
in sixty-four hours.
The . Mariposa's .Cargo.
The steamer Mariposa sailed yesterday for
Tahiti with' a general merchandise cargo,-val
ued at ?34,895, and including, the following:
994 bbls flour. 30,399 lbs 2 cs bread, ; 10,137
gals wine. 3S casks bottled . beer, 4 cs whisky,
M5 pkgs fresh fruit, 30 pkgs fresh vegetables.
179 pkgs potatoes, 71 . pkgs onions, 9184 lbs
beans, 249 cs canned goods, 15,040 lbs salti
7999 lbs sugar, 488 lbs dried fruit, 45B5 lbs
coffee, 228 pkgs groceries and provisions, 9
pkgs paste, 4715 lbs- fresh meat,' 140
lbs dressed poultry, .783 lbs 1 cs ham,.
2C5 lbs 1 cs meals. 031 ctls barley,
70 ctls wheat, • 10,090 lbs bran, 043 lbs 1 cs
candy, 14 cs graur Juice, 5(58 lbs 2 cs cheese,
32 bxs peas and IentllH, 3791 lbs lard, .303 cs
canned 58 pkgs pickled salmon. 28,975 lbs rice,
C2.D88 ft 1334 pc» lumber, 100 bdls laths, . 10
bdls pickets, 17 pkgs bicycles and , sundries, 10
cs nails, 25 pkgs paper, 61 bales bags, 34 pkgs
sewing machinss/ 39 pkgs. 'paints and oils, 141
pkgs mlllwork, 2 pkgs acid, 62 coils rope, 5 cs
coal oil, 7 cs arms and ammunition, 8 .pkgs
leather, 11 pkgs saddlery and harness, "23 bdls
Ehooks, 19 pkgs wagon "material, 30 reels
barbed wire, 4 bales duck, 79 bxs soap, 7 bales
twine, 13 • pkgs machinery, 19 bdls * pipe, -^10
bales oakum, 6 bales 2 hones.
Shipping. Intelligence.
ARRIVED
. " .-..". ' •- Tuesday, December 1.
Stmr. Senator. Patterson, . 20 hours from Eu -
"stmr 'Empire, ' Macgeiin,' 69. hours from Coos
Stinr" Montara. R/rtlly. .hours from Ana-
C °Stmr. Stanley Dollar, Bruce, 21 days from
Hakodate, f* i h •-. - • '>;' ¦' ¦ _
Stmr Scotia, Johnson. 10 hours from Bowens
Landing. ... •
Stmr Lakme.'Klltgaard,'. 64 hours from San
Pedro. •' " - • -• ;• „ ¦¦' ¦
Stmr Greenwood. Johnson, 48 hours from
Redondo. • . ¦ ¦ . . ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ " ¦ - ¦
< Stmr.Cooa Bay.-Nlcolson, Tl hours from San
Pedro, and. way ports. ¦:• .•*<•» ." . -
Stmr- Maggie. Cornlnr.'* hours from Half
moon- Bay.-,- • '
¦U S.atmr Tacoma. ' Harv«y. 19 houm from
Santa Barbara. ¦ ¦ . • ¦ . ¦ ',
-. Ship Marion Chllcott. Williams, 18 days from
Honolulu. .-.•....,.•
Schr AUc« Cooke. ¦ Penhallow, 21 days from
Port Gamble, via Port ,Townsend 18 days;
bound to Honolulu; out in for repairs.
Schr. Alpha, Larsen, 13*$ days from Grays
Harbor. . ¦¦•¦'.' -. ¦ .¦¦. ¦
¦ ' • ¦ CLEARED. '
¦' . ~- • .'.-..• .. Tuesday. . -December 1.
Stmr Mariposa, Rennie, Tahiti; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co. »
SAILED."
Tuesday, December 1.
Stmr Giialala. Hansen. Benders Landing.
', Stmr Mariposa, 'Rennie, Tahiti.; ¦
StmriGlDsy, , Leland, Santa Cruz: . '.
8tmr National City. Hammar, Fort Bragg. . ,
Btmr Czarina, ? Johnson, i Coos Bay.
U S strar Logan, Stlnson, . Manila, :-.
Ger stmr Nlcarla, . Rubarth, Hamburg, etc.
'Tug Maggie Corning, - Halfmoon Bay.
SPOKEN. . . ¦• ' • .
Per ship Marion Chllcott— Nov 18. lat 27 N,
Ion 154 \V, bark Mohican; ¦ from Honolulu, for
San Franclscp. ':¦ ".-
Per Pilot-boat .Grade. S— Nov 29, off thv
. lightship, bktn Coronado, from Honolulu, foi
San Francisco. .
¦ •TELEGRAPHIC. •
POINT' LOBOS, • Dec v 1, 10 - d m— Weather
foggy; .wind NE, I velocity 6 1 miles c per hour.
. • ." DOMESTIC"' PORTS. '; '
: t SAN , PEDRO— Sailed Dec : 1— Schr Marlon,
I for ¦ Grays i Harbor; schr Philippine, for /Ta
'cbma'; schr ') Bainbridge, ".: for "Port' Blakeley;
! schr.' Wlnslow.'- for Everett. ¦ - '.. ; -
;• Arrived .Dec: 1— Schr Expansion,' from Ta
coma. •¦'-. ; ".' ¦¦.:¦'.¦.-; »v .-. ,_,.
i GRATS HARBOR — Sailed Dec 1— Stmr
;Acme. for San -Francisco.". - ' - ,
: ASTORIA— Arrived , Dec 1— Stmr Columbia,
1 hehc« .' Nov 29: ¦ Br • bark East 'African,' ' from
¦ Newcastle, vAus. '. .---.-_ r •¦ • •
; -¦ SEATTLE — Sailed - Deq 1— Jap : stmr Rlojun
Maru, : for'Chlna'and Japan. ' ;
\ - -'Arrived ' Dec- 1— Stnir Leelanaw, " hence No
jvember 26. ,'. : \ - • .,;,,.; " ¦ " . - *
• -Sailed;Dec 1— Stmr Leelanaw, ; for . Tacoma.
. - . . - - - » - - . - . . - - . .
Mariposa Sails for Tahiti.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Mariposa did not. leave for Ta
hiti yesterday until after 12 o'clock
on account of the fog. The mists lift
ed, however, and the sun was shining
brightly when Captain Rennie gave
the order to cast off the lines and the
Mariposa dropped into the stream and
headed for the Golden Gate. She
passed out of the harbor under a blue
sky and when the Merchants' Ex
change observer* at Point Lobos saw
the last of her as she disappeared
over the' horizon she was well clear of
the land. She carried the usual gen
eral cargo and passengers, among
whom were the following named: ¦'"
J. L. Doty and wife, Mrs. Doty, Miss
Doty, E. B. de Golia and wife; M.
Cor and wife, G. . Chaff ey, E. N. Pop
penrath, M. Charller,* Miss Chaff ey, M.
Bodin, L. Martin and Mrs. Texier.
The new and' accepted . cruiser Ta
coma returned yesterday., afternoon
from Santa Barbara -channel, where
on Monday she passed with flying col
ors all the tests through which she
was put by.' the trial' board 'of navy of-
Cruiser Tacoma Returns.
Notice to Mariners.
WASHINGTON.
' Notice i Is hereby given of the following
changes in the aids to navigation In'this'dis
trict, which affect the 'List of Lights and- Fog
Signals. Pacific Coast, 1903:
Lopez Pass Post Light, page 46, after, No.
208 (LUt of Beacons and Buoys, | Pacific Coast,
1003. page 85)— November 6 a fixed white
post-lantern light, suspended 25 feet above -the
water, from an arm on a white stake.- was
established on a rocky point at the southerly
end of Decatur Island as a guide for .vessel?
entering Lopez Pass."' Right tangent to James
Inland.. NNE. UK. ; right tangent to Allan
Island. E. %N. -¦ ' • -
William. Point Post Light, page 48. No. 211
(LUt of Beacons and ' Buoys, .Pacific .Coast,
1903, page 84)— November ( 8 this I fixed white
post-lantern -light was ¦: moved -about three
eighths of a mile S.- by -\V.~%W. of Its rformer
position, and is now suspended 25 feet above'
the water." Left tangenfto Jack" Island, STUY
by W. *4 TV. ; right tangent -to. Eliza Island,
NW. by ,N.:" ' '. ...--¦•
Peapod Rocks Post .Light, page '46, after
Tv*o. 21 L (Llat of - Beacons . and Buoys, . Pacific
Coast, 1903. page 85)— November 7 a 'fixed
white post-lantern light. - suspended « 15 feet
above the water, .from, an, arm on a". white
stake, was established : on the 'northeasterly
end r of ; the largest 'and* most .easterly ofthe ;
Peapod , Rocks, as ,: a ; guide * for vessels ; navi
gating Rosarlo . Strait., Lumml Rocks, NE.
SN.; right tangent to Sinclair Island. ESE.'
%E.' ; ' tangent - to Point. Lawrence, , NNW." &N.
OREGON AND WASHINGTON,
Columbia * River Entrance,' page " 52- i: -Clatsop
spit buoy -No. 6, < a first-class nun. was moved
to- the .westward.. In- 60 feet -of ' water.--N6-'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALr, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2. 1903.
FROM SEATTLE,
12
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted. Notice Is hereby
given.- that sealed, proposals will be received
by the board of directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, at Its office, room 13. 320
8ansome st.. San Francisco, Cal.. up to 11
o'clock a. m.. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 5.
1903. and opened immediately thereafter in the
. presence of bidders, for furnishing and dellv.
¦ erlng quartermaster and commissary supplies,
etc.. for the Veterans' Home, Napa County,
California (railroad station Yountvllle).for slje
months, commencing Jan. 1, 1904, and ending
June 30, 1904. Schedules with information
and instructions for submitting bids wilt be
furnished upon application by the under-
clgned. Bidders will carefully follow the con-
ditions of the schedules, and no bid win be
considered unless It is in accordance with
ruch schedules. Bids on tea. coffee and sugar
must be made on samples submitted. No bids
- will be received from parties who are not
regular dealers in and carrying stock of sup-
plies on which they bid. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some wel'-known and responsible bank*
Ing-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his aid. payable' to C. Mason
Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract
upon notice of acceptance, as required by law.
The board reserves the right to reject. any or
all bids, and to order any quantity over or
under the amount specified. Address JOHN
F. SHEEHAN. Secretary of the Board of Dt-
rectors of the Veterans" Home of California,
room 13, 320 Sansome street. San Francisco.
Cal.
By order of the Board of Directors.
JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secretary.
RATLWAY TRAVEL.
t CALIFORNIA I
| LimSTED TO CHICAGO **
ft Leave* Mondays and Thursday*
1 at 8:30 a. m., through In 8 days,
m with diner and all trappings.
Other Santa Fe Trains :
llvi m' ™* I for Stockton, Fresno, Bakenfialdt
!:O0 p.* m! f Mercc<1 ' Haaford and Viaalia.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
. . Chicago.
Ticket Officb: 641 Market St., and Ferry
. Depot. S. r. Also UU Broadway, Oalc-
land,Cal. , _
llPff^^l^! CAZADERO, ETC.
igtagggl&jKSKlssj^l via Sausalito Ferry.
™^b^b^^r^lc7 Standard Gauge Electric--
Depart from San Franclaco Daily— .:00. 8 .00.
a-cio 1O-0O ll-CO a, m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3.15. 4.13.
8: FROM 2{ M P 1L"* VALLET TO SAN FB^N
r-TROfi— Dally— 6:43. 6:55. 7:32. 8:35. 8:55.
fl^O^rm*; 12:35? 2:00. 3:15. 4:03. 5:03. 8:05,
7-03 8-00 10:35 p. m.
7.00. ».uv. THR^ CGH .TRAINS.
S-00 a. m dally — Cazadero and way stations.
' 5 : 15 p. m. week days (Saturdays exceptedj—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m- Saturdays — Cazadero and way »ta-
S^tidays only — 10 a. ra:. Point Reyes and way
stations. • *¦
TICKKT OFFICE — 626 Market st.
FERKT — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
<Mala Line. Toot of Market Street )
" 7.00a VBCBTllle. Wtaiers. r.niu»ey... 7.55»
700a Benlda, Soisao. Elmlraand 3«cr»-
mento '•*•"
7 .30a Vallejo. N.pa. c » Ilst ?«»;n^"* t * A M»
Rota. Martinez. S»a llamon .... 8Z5P
7J0a Kile*. Ltveraiore, Tracy, LatHrop.
8-OOa Sb»«ta ' Expre'is^ (Vl» *>•»«•>•
William, (for Eartlett Spr1asr?>.
Willows tFrnto. Ked Uluff.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle...... 7.5a^
••00a D»t1». Woodland. Knifthu Lauding.
M»ry«vllle. Oro» tile ....... -•••-•• / -°* r
8.30a Port Costa. Martinez. Antlpch. .. m
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. N «*•
msn. "Los Bsnot, Mendo -ta,
Armona, Hanford. Mialia, ..
PorterriHo •- y-;r *« za * •.
8-30 a Port Co»to. Martlnei. Tracy. Lath- . .
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresno, .
6<Mben Junction. IUafor* i«i_*.
Vlsalla. Bakersfleld &~E*s:
»J0a K11e», S«n Jo»e, Llrermore. Stock-. .
ton.<+MfUon). lone, S«cr»mento.
Placerrllle. MarjsvMe, Chico. • ••
. Red Bluff ••• *Z5 p
|.30a O»kd»le. Chinese, JajnestowB. So- .
nora. Tuolumne anJ Angels..... 4 Z5F .
9 00a Atlnntlc Express— Ostden »nd 3««. 11-2^*
930a Rl<-.h!tion<l. Marlines and way - ••
Stations .-...--.- *Oj>r.
I 10 00a The OrerUnd Limited — Ogden. . .
Denver. Omaha, Chicago.:..^... 8 2|p
I 1000a Vallejo ••••; «-Z»
10.00a Los Anfe>« Paati-n^r —
Costa. M«rtlne«. Byron. Tracy. . . .
Latbfop. 8tockton. Merced. ••
1 Raymoad; Fresno. Goihen June- .
" tlon. Hunfo'd. Lemoore, Vlsaltv •
Baker»fl«l«l. Lo« Angeles vi?_.-
1 12 00k Hayward. Nlles and Way 3tat!»as.- 3.<E5F
t tl.00r 8«cr«:r>entoKlTer Steamers tll-OOf
S^Op Benicia, Winter*. 8acranje»t»,
Woodland. Knights Landing, •
MarysTtlle. OroV.lIo • tad «t»/- , nX w' ••
itatloa* •• 1 ?'cl"i' :
3 JOr Hayward.Nlles and Tf ay Station*... ¦ 7 B5»
i<0r Port Co»t», Martinez. Bjtfoa. • % ;¦.
. Tracy. Lathrop. Mo d e.fct o; •
llerced. Fresno aad Way -Bta- . •, -.
tlon s beyond Port Coata ".i. .12--ZS*: :
I.30t Martlnes.Tr«cy. Stockton. I,od!,.. .13 25a
4 00^ Marttnei.SaaIUmoo.ValleJo.Kapa,
Caliitoea. Santa Ro»a.. .•.....• ... • 9 25a.
4 00t J">es. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl ....'..- .4.W»
430r H«yw«rd. Nllei. Irrtngton. 8an» t8.55A.
Jose, Lirennore ] til. 55a
' BOOp The Owl Limited— Kewm*n. Lo« •
Baaos. Mendota, Freino. TuUrs, • '
Bakersneld. Lbs Angelea ...:.... • "M* ¦
6.00T Port Ooata. Tracy. StOcktoa ....... 12.2S^'
t8 S0r Hayward. Slle» and San Jo»e ...„ 7-25*.:
e.OOr Hayward. Nile* aad Saa Jote 9 5&a
6 -OQr Eastern Ex-pre*"»— Ojtden. Denver, . . ,••.."•
Omaba, St. Louts. Cblcago and. • .'..-.
• East. Port Cost*. Benlcia, <5ul- - ,. ;.-¦
¦ run. Elmlra, Davis, 8»cr*mr ato, '.. . ¦ .:
KocSlln. Anburn, Colfaz, .. -'•- *.
Truckre. Boca. Ren*. Vads- ••-';¦• ,'-.:
worth, Wlnaemucea *5'2?*--'-
f S.OOf Vallelo, dally, except Sunday.... » " •- -.^ :
! 7.00P Vallejo, Sunday only (. .'•"••_
7 00p Klchraond. ban Pablo. Por« Costa, • * .- . .
Mar.t!aes and Way Station* 11J5*
8- 06> Oregon k. California Expre**— Sac-. ". .-• -
raoento, Mary»TlUe, Redding, - •-.",
Per;i«Dd, Puget Sound and Eait. 8-55 a..
S-.10r Hayward. Nile* ami San Jose (Son--- ¦ -.'
dayonly) 11-85*.-
COAST "LINE (.-«arr«»w tlaagej. -.
. tFtiot of Martcat 8tre.et.) . . : ¦¦
•¦16a Newark, CeaterTlHe. San • Jotfe, ' .'. .' /*•
Feltoa. Boulder Creek. Santa*
Cras and Way Station* 5-65? "
t2.16? 5ewark, Centerrllle. gu Jon,
New AlmadeD. Los 6 a to*, re Uon, . •
Boulder t^reek. Santa Ccui and • '.. •
PrlnclpakWay Station* .-.:.. ttO3«a. '.'
4-16> Aawark. 8aaJo*e, LoaOatos and j ¦ »3.55 a -
¦ -wayitatloa* 1 :10 55 a
«3-30p IJnntera Tmtn, Saturday only. San .
J«*e and Way Station*. Return-
Ing'from Lou Gatoa Bnnrtoy only. t7 2S» '
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. .
rrom bAN ri:AN CISCO. Koot of Market 8t. (SHp**' .
— n:13 9:00 11:00 a.m.. 100 3.00 5.15 FJI. "•
rrom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway.— t6:W» •»:«•
fS:(g 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 4 00 PH. - f '>
COAST LINE (Br«ad «a«g«).
fW (inlrd and To^naend Street*.)
GIOa San Jo*e and Way Station* 8 30p - :
7C0a San Joae and Way Stations. *5-38p- :
8 00a New Almaden (TaeS., Frld.*, only), 4-lOr •
8 00a Coast Line Limited— Stops on/y Saa • : . •'
Jot e, QUroy (connection for Hoi- ' .. .* •.
ltiter). Pajaro. CastroTlUe." Sa- .'•• *.«•
Koa*. San Ardo. Paid Robtea,' * * . :
6anta Margarita, San Lnls ObUjv*. • ' •,.
.Principal «taiioas thence. Surf.- '•= "...
(cojlnection for Lompoc) prlnd- • : - " ¦ ;
pal ctatlons thence Santa Bar- ..-'-. ;•".
. bar* and'ios Angeles. C»oaeo. •' 1 ¦.-
tlon at CastroYiIle to and Irons
Monterey and PactHc Grove 19,4 Jr.
I 1.00a. 6an Jose. Tres Finos, Capltola, ... ... ¦
1 SantaGruz.PaclflcnroTe.SaJtaaa, .. • •.
S»n Lai* Oblspo and Principal * ¦-:'."
; Way Statloo* .' 4.18* .*
10.30a 6as Jo*e and JV ay Stations -. * 1.20? -
1130a Santa Clara,-9an Joie.Lo* G*to* ' . '.'
and Way Statlont .r ;., -7.30' .*
1 30p Sao Jose a«,d Way SUtlonr 8 J£a- ¦
SXOp Paclffc Grove Kxpres*— SantaClara . .
San Jos«,.Del Monte, Monterey. '.-• -. • •-
Pacific Grove (connects at Saata
C!ara for ?»nta Craz. Boulder * * . '•-
'. * Creek and Narrow Gauge Polnu) .
J st Gilrpy for Hotllster. . Tres
t Plnos. at CMtrovllle for Saiiaa*. 12.15*
I 3-30P Tres Plnos Way Passenger 51045a
I t4 4aP tan Jose. (via. Santa Clara) Los
... - liittos. and Principal Vllj Su- .' - *
tlons(ex*ept Sunday) t9-T2* .
(6.30r Ban Jose and Prlnc!p»l Way Statloits ra.OJA
K.GOp Eanset Limited.— Kedwood," San>.
* Jo«e, Gllroy.Sallna*,Pa8o.Kobl«*, . * *-
San Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara, . .-* * *. '
: ' I.01 Angeles. Demlng. Kl Paso. ' .'¦'.¦
i Xew Orleans. New Tork. Con- • • " .
; ' sects, at. Pajaro for Santa Cras
. and at tKtroTll'.e for Pacloe
Grove and Way Station* 7.10a '
16.16P EauMateo.Beresford,l)eimoat.SaB
Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaks. .
Menlo Park. Palo Alto........... *6.43a
F.?0p Ban Jose and Way Stations. 8.36a
1 1 .30p South San Francisco. Mlllbrae, Bar-
lingame. San Mateo, Belmont,
baa Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45?-
s11.38f Maylleld. Monnuln View. Sanay-
vale. Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jo*e $3-45*
A-f or Morning. P for A f tempos
3 Su£d»y only. - * •
> Stops at all stations oa Saaday.
tSoiday excepted. a Saturday oaly.
IV" Only trains stopping at Valencia St. soathbo«a4
•re*:10A.M..7:l«A.ii.. 11:30 a.m.,3:20p.m. and *:30r «.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN. RY. Co!
LESSEE
• SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
B All. WAY COXPAVT. ** - . .
Tlbuxoa rerry. root of Maries Street.
SAN rRANCISCO TO SAN RAPAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 12.SA,
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip.
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
8:00, 8:20. 11:30 p.m. ¦ / ;
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN PltANClSCO.
WEEK DAYS— e:06, T:35. T:60, 9:20. 11:13
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trtD at 2:05 and 6:35 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:08. 6:23 p. ra. .
Leave j ' la Effect j Arrive 7
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. . | San Fraaclaco.
Week I Sun- t Destina- J Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. . | days, f Days.
7:30 a S:00a ¦ 9:10a S:40a
9:30 a Zssaeio. 10:40 a 10:20 a '
8:30 p 3:S0p 8:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 8:00 p 7:33 p
7:30 a 9:10 al S:4Os>
8:00 a ' Nova to. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:03 p 6:20t>
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
5:00 p Santa Roaa. •
7:30 a 10:40 a!10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:S3p 6:20 9
8:30 p 3:30 p '
• I Windsor^ ¦ '•
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburgr, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
-8:30 p 3:30 p Geyaervllla. 7:33 p 6:20 p
¦ Cloverdale.
7:30 a) 8:00 a) Hopland 110:40 ajlO:2O a
3:30 pi 3:30 p? and Ulclah. [ 7:33 pi 6:20 9
7:30a|8:00a| WUUta. |7:33p|6:2Op
7:30 at 8:00 a! |10:40 a!10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. ( 7:35 pi 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 at Sonoma. • I 9:10 a 1 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 pi tilen Ellen. 1 6:05 pi 6:20 9
7:30a|8:00a| 110:40 ajlO:2O a
3:30 pi 3:30 pi SebaatopoL I 7:33 pi 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rob* for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
serrille tor Ska«s Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonevllle - and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Strings Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. La Ur « t
Den Lake Witter Springs, Upper Lake Porno.
pMerVailey. John Day's, Riverside.. Ueriy a.
Buckneir, sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Orr-a
Hot Sorings Halfway House. Comptche. Camo
Sevens Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Brag».
w"It~ft. Usal: at W1111U for Fort Bragg
wlstport: Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Laytoa-
vllle. CummlBW, Bells Springs. Harrta. Ol-
¦en's. r>T«r. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. ScotU
*°Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at *alf rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market -street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITTNa. R. X. RIAN.
;*:•.... Gen- Manager. Gen. Paaa. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leare TuSnasiito Itrrj .Vrrive
San Francisco N* rf Market St Saa Fran dace)
Week Sun- iwm Sun- Week
D^n- <*»y» >tf!^^^JS*v. d: »ys Day*.
•11JH*8:OOa t*j*£3t3*sS5k 12:O3^f074^i
?''?%' i« : 2« A l:25r3.30P
B:13p 1O:OOa «:50f 3:«Op
~- 11:00a 4:5Or »:5O»
"Csaatet wita tt»g< >r ¦ «y*a ai Tffir» fa»y ,
££F I 6 * MA **ar ST.,(North Shore Railroiui)
0I71QB I and Saosaltto Pa&av. Foo* Mark** Sc
..'•: ;.."• ADVEBTISEMENTS.- :
" ;':CURE$: WEAK M£N FREE.
. -Insures Love and a! Happy Seine for All.
' "' How anv man-may qyicklj- cuhe himself aftj»r
' jears of sUiterirrK . from eexuaJ tieakne^s. lost
'vit-allty. night losses, varicocple, etc., and" en-
Unrf email »«k orjtariF to i-u.'l Mze.and Xtgor.
¦j^jmplj! «rna 'your naire 'and- address to Dj.
Knapp Medical Co.. 1516. Hull Building. De-
. iroit. Mich..' and they will gladly send -free
. .receipt with full directions so that any ma.n
ir.ay <Ab'.'.j- our*. hirv;self at -home. This Is .
oortalnly a rgost pr-nfrous offer, and thei fol-
..ioVir^ extracts 'taken from, their dally mall
skow what -rnen tliipk of their' generosity:
.• "Dear Sirs— Please accept rfty sincere -thanks '
'for yours -of- recent date. 1 have given your
treatment a thorough tept and the benefit hus
•been extraqnJ'pary. It has com-tilctply braced
Tie up'' 'Tarn Just ae vlgrc!r<yj!i as when a boy
ahd you cannot- realize hoft- happy I am." .
• "Dear Srns— Your rrethod worked beautifully.
• Results were exactly »hat I needed. Strength
and vigor fcaye complete Vy returfied- . and en-
largement 1». entirely iatJs.factory-" • ' •
•"Dear Slri — Tours received ' imd I had no-
trouble In making use x>{ the receipt as .directed,
and can' truthf.ully t^ay It- is -a .boor) .to'- weak
men. . I am jEreatly Improved ln - sire, Kre'ngtli
an'd vtror." . " . * . ' ¦
• All. ccrrefpondence is .strictly •conMeutial.
mailed -in- rlaln. -seahed envelope. The receipt
is free .for the askir.f, .and they want every
man to' have it. ¦ * -
- OCEAN TRAVEL;
-*€aC ?>w '• Steamers leave San- Fran-
•/Gy^~^Qi\. Cisco as. fo.llows-:
fi£t_ _ XiA . . For Ke'tchlkan, Wrangel.
(**¦' \"*\ Juneau, }Ia:n"s.. - Eka^uay,
J j yt^wj* t I et c, 'Alaska — 11 a. m-.. Dec.
yt^. \\ "" ) f O/ . .Change to; company's steam-
\5r s -i—-^y eni Pt Seattle. •
Na^JSHv^ • For Victoria. • Vancouver,
. Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
. coma. Everett, Whi"tcom— 11 a:'m.. Dec.- 2, 7.
12. 17. 22. "27. Jan. 2. Change at Seattle to
thie company's steamers for Alaska an<i G. N.
Ry. ; tt Seattle *cr- Tacoma to N: P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Railway. ¦ : .
Ffcr Eureka <JIumboldt Bay) — Pompnip.. l:G0
p ra. Dec 6, 12 18 24. 30,. Jan 5; Corona,
" i:30 p. BLC Dec. 3, 9.' 15. 21. 27, Jan. 2.
For Lo« Angeles <via Port Lo* Angeles and
Rsdohdo). San Diego and Santa Barbara — Sin-
ta Rosa, £-undays. • 9 a. m. • . ¦
State of California. -.Thursdays, ft a. m.
For Los Angeles (via' San Pedrp and Eart
Ban Pedro). Rarrta Barbara, Santa. Cruz, Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Hsrford (San
Luis Ob'.epo) Ventura and Huenem*.-
Cooa Bay. 9 a. m.. Dec. 3. 11. 19. 27. Jan. 4.
Boclra. 9 a. m.. Dec. 7. 15. 23/31. Jan. 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Joee del
Cabo. Marat Ian. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia! Guayir.as /Mex.). 10 -a. m., -7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right la reserved- to change steamers or sall-
!nr dates.
TICKET OFriCES — 4 X«w Montgom-
"ery Btr«set (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUXAKSff. General Passenper Agent.
10 Market street. Ean Francisco.
o. /?- & /v. co.
• "Columbia" tails Nov. 2P. Dec. 9. 19, £9.
"George W. Elder" sails Dec 4, 14, 24. Only
rteamshlp line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
1 rail line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all pclnts, all rail or steam-
ship and rail at LOWEST" RATES. Steamer
tickets Include berth and rr.eela. Steamer sails
foot cf 6j«Ar et. at 11 a. tn. 8. F. BOOTH,
Gen. Art. Pass. DepC 1 Montgomery St.; C.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Dept.. 3
Montcornery «t-. ...
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
TOR-IENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Eteazaers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received ori board on day of sailing.
8. 6. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. December 8 1903
E 6. JOFPON MARU (calling at Manila)
Wednesday. December 30 1903
6 B. AMERICA MARU
Monday. January 25. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For frelrnt and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
6. B. ' VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Ttiursday. Dec. 10, 2 p. m.
P. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec. 19, 11 em
S. 6. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Jan. 16. 11 a; m
*£WE^SiE£6i.CM£i..Tttt!Effla,H!Elrtiia
fe&tt&tSU fiirbm..narli J.ftafefl
COKPAGKIE GEKEEALE TEANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE -TO HAVRE-PARIS. j.«,>_
Balling even' Thursday Instead of <Krg»
Faturday. at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, •SEaaH*'
North River, foot of Morton- street. "
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-Claes to Havre, >15 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Asents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets gold by all Railroad • Ticket Agents.'
Mars Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Ettamer GEN.FRISBIE or MONTICELLO^-
8:45 a. in.. 3:15 and.S:30 p. m.,except Sunday
Sunday. 9:45 a. m'.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejoi
1 'a. m., 12:30 and 6 p. m..' ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 e. m. 4:15 p m. Fare, 60 cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlaslon-et. dock. HATCH
KROS.ST.- LOUIS. Dec. 1.— Wool.- weak but un
changed: medium grades, combing and cloth-
Ing/ 17©21ftc; light flnejJSjenHc; beavy fine.
12©14%c; tub-washed. 20@3<c. . ,- •
5"/. Louis Wool Market.
Northern. Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Dec 1.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
72c: blue stem. 77c: valley. 78e.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec ' 1.— Wheat, steady, un
thanged; blue stem. 80c: club. 78c
• N© more Western Poultry came ln and the
receipts of local stock were light, but retailers
were apparently well supplied with the heavy
offerings of the preceding day and the market
had an easy tone. ¦ Prices, however, "were un
changed. .Small consignments of live and
dressed Turkeys were received and met with
ready sale at rood flrures. ; -
Game Is arriving freely right along and
meets with a rood demand, as the cold weather
gives it' keeping qualities. ¦¦¦--- . .,,-.-
FOULTRT — Dressed Turkeys. 24#26c per lb:
live 1 Turkeys 2OJT22c per lb; Geese, per pair.
*t 73ffl2; Goslings, *2C2 25; Ducks. $5©6 per
dozen for old and $607 for young; Hens. $5«6
for small and t*QT-tor large: youne Roosters,
*3 5O4T6 60: old Roosters, $5^5 60; Fryers.
*5ig* &0: Broilers,, $4 50«?5 for large and $3 50
04 for small; Pigeons. $l«ffl 25 per dozen for
old and *5«2 2R for Squabs. .-^
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $435 per dozen:
Canvasbeck. %m«: Pprig. S3<St 5O; Teal. $2S*
2 30- -Widgeon. $2fi2 5O: small Ducks, $1 60;
Gray. Geese. $3«3 50; White Geese,- $lgl 30:
Brant. $1 50 for t small and *2 80 for large;
Hrmkem > $5 for large and $4 for small; Eng
lish Snipe, $2 50;. common Snipe. $1 SO; 'WIM
Poultry; and Game.
There was nothing new on th<» Stock and
Bond Exchange- Th» oil st >cks continued du'.l.
and the California Exchange held no morning
lesion, owing to the death of Member E. C.
Bwcll Mlntns stocks continued active, with,
larger transactions than Lave been seen for
*°Th« Hale A Norercss Minlnr Company has
levied »n *a«*Km(Tit of 1O cents per skax*.
The California Wlae A*»o«-ia.tlon has declared
a regular monthly dividend of TO c«nta per
share, payable December 10.
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay a
regular monthly* dividend of $1 per share ca
December 12.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Corr>r»«T
has declared .in extra dividend of 10 cents par
share, payable December 14.
Ex-dlvidenJ yesterlay : Northern California,
Railway .V>. 1329. semi-annual, amountinar to
$2S.«TiO; Northern California Power Company
5s. 1932. semi-annual, amounting to $10,825:
Spring Valley Water Company, third mortxag*
4s. 190(1. regular quarterly, amounting to $40.
00ft; Alma Oil Company. 3c per share, amount
ing to $12,000: Peerless OIL 14c.
' Th*> Samo« Transportation Osmpany of San
Francisco has levied an assessment of $11 57 ft
per share, delinqaertt January I.
Tn* Calumet and Heel* Mining Company of
Michigan has declared a quarterly dhrld-nd of
$10 per share, payable December 22. Thi* Is
the fourth dividend this year. maJria* 1 tattl
; Northern Business.:
SEATTLE, Dec. 1.— Clearings. $97<r.0S5;
balance*. $155,418. —
TACOMA. Dec. L— Clearings, $359,893;
balances. $46,065. ¦ ¦ ¦
/PORTLAND, Dec. 1.— Clearings. $645,196;
balances, $*2,7lO. •
SPOKANE, Dee. 1.— Clearings, $39T,34«;
balances, $48,694.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK. Dec 1. — There was a consid
erable Increase of .activity In to-day's stork
market and a generally higher range resulted.
The movement continued herttating and some
what irregular and the small net changes re
sulting in some of the ftiore active stocks left
a Fuspicion of professional manipulation. Even
the -purpose of the supposed manipulation waa
the subject of doubt and dispute, covering such
carrying suppositions as a professional move
ment agalrist the short*, the bidding up of
prices for the purpose of marketing long stock
dnd even a purpose on the part of the bearish
professionals to make a market for putting
out fresh short lines. Speculative" sentiment
over stocks was .equally confused. There was
little ln the actual news r.t the day to favor
an advanr**-' in prices and some of the news
was distinctly unfavorable. The report of n«t
earnings of the Brie for -October showed a
decrease of $375,758, compared with lftO2. This
was without effect, partly because It bad been
foretold and was known to have been due to
the loss and Interruption of traffic by floods..
It was partially offset also by the Reading
statement for the same period, which showed
an Increase In net earnings of all the compa
nies of $678,579. The renerat tendency- dls.-.
closed in other statements of earnings recently
has been for increases in gross earnings to b
mostly or wholly wiped out by 'enlarged oper
ating expenses.- The reports of gross earnings
for the third week in November thus far pub
lished show an increase on. the average of less
than 2 per cent, although the returns from th«
coalers are not Included and this group will
compare with the large earnings - last year.
The passing of the dividend «>n Republic Steel,
although it had been feared, had not been fully
assured and considering- this the effect, in the
industrial list was slight. That stock itself
fell an extreme 2ft, but recovered • all but a
fraction. There was a reduction in the price of
copper in the local market. The money mar
ket continues firm, but the high rates for call
loans reached only 7ft per -."ent, compared with
» per cent yesterday. The expected . trans
fer of $1,000,000 by telegraph to Fan Fran
cisco was made and an addit!6nal $200,000
was transferred to New . Orleans, while New
York exchange- at Chicago fell to a slight
discount. The price of gold rose in London
and sterling exchange weakened here, but only
$100,000 was *ecur«d In London for New Tork
account. Announcement was made of about
*750,0rt0 of JaoaneM gold shipped .for San
Francisco. The factors In the advance in
ttocka were In the form rather of sureties, the
old rumor of a Gould-Pennsylvania settlement
figuring to a large extent. The strength of
Southern roads was attributed to general con
ditions, such as the prosperity of the Cotton
B£lt and the harmony of railroad control as
sured by the recent Seaboard Air Line deal.
There was an attempt to convey the impression
New York Stock Market.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 20,000; to-morrow.
35,000; opened 10c higher, closed strong; mixed
and butchers', $4 3094 65: good to choice
heavy. $4 50©4 60; rough heavy. $4 25#4 45;
light. $4 25«4 SO: bulk of sale*. $4 40«?4 50.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1500;. sheep and 'lamb*
steady: good to choice, wethers. $3 25*94 25:
fair to cholc* mixed.' $3 60<tr5 75: "Western
sheep. $3ig4 R0; native lambs, $3 50#5 80;
Wettern lambs, $3@4 65.
CHICAGO, Dec 1.— CATTLE— Receipt*.
6000,\ Including 1500 Texans; steady; good to
prime steers. $5 2085 85; poor to medium
$3 .VVJH 90; stockers and feeders, *2Q4 10
cows. $15004; heifers, $2ig4 75: 'canners'
$1 50fz2 40; bulls, $294 30: calves. $2 5004 75*
Texas fed steers, , $3$4 ; Western steers, $3«
4 60. ¦ - "-••-'-¦ , - :.- >>•;;¦ .
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW TORK, Dee. 1.— Tha cotton market
closed steady at a net advance of lesriK) points.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
511 m!^ I l 48s t M ln Gla '«' }w »nd at 4Is
9d In MIddlesboro. Locally; iron Is qule»- No
1 foundry. Northern, is quoted at $15@16; No.
2 foundry,; soft, Southern, at $13 50&14.
Exports of copper for the month of Novem
ber, according to the compilation of tha New
York Metal Exchange, were 14.522 ton*,
making the' total for the eleven months 1?*
&03 tons, against 153,515 tons last year
Spelter advanced 7s 6d to £20 12s 6d In Lon
don, but was lower locally, with spot quoted
at $5 40.
Copper advanced 7s 6d to £55 for. spot and
2s Cd to £54 10s for futures la London. Locally
copper was more or less nominal Lake is
quoted at $12 25«12 50, electrolytic at $12 12ft
and casting at.$l2. , . - **
Lead was unchanged at £11 3s 9d In Lon
don and at $4 25 in New Tork.
NETT TORK. . Dec;. 1.— Tin was rather fi.m In
London, spot there advancing 10s to £118 7»
6d, while futures were 12s Cd higher, at £119
12s 6d.; Locally tin was quiet, with spot quoted
at. *»5 7U$f26. * ¦ . -
Nezu York Metal Market.
Pan Joaquln Valley. — Generally cloudy and
fogry w»-ath*r. »-ith heavy dew«.- prevailed
during tnt past week. la th» northern portion
of the valley the around Is In excellent con
dition for cultivation and plowing and seed
ing are prcrrarslng; In the southern portion,
where the recent rain was very light, but
tittle plowlag has been done. The last ef
th# grape crop has been shipped to the *ine
'.«¦)-. Feed is getting scare* In the southern
rortioa and «tock ar» reported thin; In th»
northern • v - 1 ion green ' fe»d la making rapid
rr»»th. The rtreama are artting very low.
A few light frosts are reported, but caused
r.t damage. Orange picking and shipping con
tinue anfl the fruit u reported of excellent
suallty Olive* are making rood pmcreM.
K«utaern California, — Tha weather during
Coast «n<1 Hay F"*tions. — The weather dor-
Ing the part week ha» been m«nn and cloudy.
«ith a fe»- llfht eiswers in the northern nee
tion. Denee fogs have prevailed during the
nights and early morcing* In the hay a.nd
southern roart sections. Except In th# ex
(r^tne n«rth. wtfe** tt I* most too wet. th«
rriwind is In excellent rondltlon for farm work.
PJowiror and peeling are prorressing rapidlyi
especially In* the bay counties. Early sown
grain i* makirg fine growth. . Grass has made
very rapid- growth and nieen feed is ratting
plentiful tn ail sections. Stock are Improv
ing rapidi;-. Good progre*s is being made in
plowing and pruning' orchards. Large rh!p
tr.ents cf celery continue. Cloverflale orange*
ere making Ktlefactory progress and are in
rood condition. . :. ;,
Xn the Racrajnento aj5d Ban Joaquin Valley
districts ©ranges ar# 'rtrenlrg and large thip
ra«:ts continue. ' The yield and quality are
reported exrelie'nt. Oranges are ripening rap-
Ifily In Eouthem California and are reported
t» be In ei'-ellent condition. Large ship
ments of tfried ' fruit continue. Oll\-es are
making irowl progre««. • The !a*t of the grap«
.-r^p has been shipped to the wineries.
• Sacramento Valley. — The weather during
th* past week "ha* b*en generally cloudy and
foggy at night and in the mornlnr and dear
Soring ttf middle ofthe day. Light show
ere occr.Tred on th*/ 11 23d. The rround is In
.excellent r-oodiuon for-a!l farrrr work and
ri< l *'ing *rt»i sealing are rTgres^lng rapidly.
Early i«*d srraln ts tnaking fine rrowth.
Oras* Jia« P"i»'n rapidly and green fe«*4 is
rooming plentiful. Etr^-k ar« Improving.
Prcnlng orchard* and vines I* progressing
rapidly. Orchards are being plowed in many
*e<?tion«. Orarge* ar» ripening rapidly and
lante uhlcsients *rr being made from som«
»Ttion«. "There is plenty of *«-ater In the
etr**tr»s.
The foHpwlig retail "prices for meats are
C'JOtea by the Retail Butchers' Protective As
iociatlrni • • ¦ ' • j
' BEEF— Prime Roast. 15fflS«: Porterhouse
>¦¦»...-. l«.?22ftc: Teaderloln Steak. 15®15c; Sir-
Icin <?t*ak. I2ftei5c; Top Round Steak. 12ftc;
B**f Kte.»-. I0c. Ccrn Btef. *^10c: Soup Bones.
*c: Pocp Meat. S^lOc.
¦ VEAL — L"in Roast. 15*T20e; Shoulder Roast,
I2ftei5Cf Chops end Cutlets, 15©2Oc; Stew.
124615c. . ••
MUTTON — Leg. 12ft4fl5r; Fpre<jua»»»r. P^
10c; Stew. 8€10c; Prime Chepe; 12ft^lSc.
• LAMB — Leg, 2^cr "Forequarter. 12ft^l.V;
Hindquarter/ lStf20c: Shculder Roast, 10®12ftc; ,
Ch'>p«. 15(f lKc.- '
: PORK— Roast. 12.ftei8c; Chops. 1561SC
Thes* jr)o»j do not cover the cheaper «rra,de»,
¦'•* -it is impossible to quoje regular prices en
Stem. ¦¦ : . __ J v__
¦ . • • Slocks of Grain.
Henry C Banker, chief grain inspector of
the Merchants' 'Exchange, reports *to-ks of
rra'.n in r»co!ar warehous* and on wharf De
yitbo- 1 a* fo:ioii-s, in tons: ¦/
WHEAT -
Nov. 1. P*c. I.'
Tor*' CoeU.- "....: 12.S54 17.C5«
?tockt-n .i... ." 33."*12 31, Z\2
Tity 1.90<> - »:3
••• . . •¦ •• ' BARLEY
.- . . Nov. 1. Dec. 1.
'Port Costa : 44.525 37.K3S
-.tockton ...•....•....' 17.15.-5 1«,774
City ........ \. 2.CS7' 4,2<9
" " ' - • . Nov. 1. De.-. 1.
. .">ats ...-., .' L2S2 4.7C5
•'-om t . 2S4 S25
: Pr«^.. "-..." 67S TM
"¦ The pecetpts in November were C127 ton«
.Whtat, 21.437 tons Barley. 24D7 tons Oats. feiT
tor.s Ccm and 2370 tor.s Bran. . '
'Government Jfonej' Here. . .
. Julius J«rob».' Assistant Treasurer of ttt* i
¦ United B;at>*. «t ?»n. Francisco, reroris. the |
' r.j^f h en ta^d in the Sub- Treasury at the close j
• pi # bustaess en November 30 as follows :
Xnitpd BtMXXM notes '. $ 79. W7 00
.Treasury notes ' cf 1S&0 TW (fl
• •N'-atiorru! b^nk notes".:.. '. 29.2^5 c0
.. 3old certificates. .....;-...-. * 33<j.,»2<> C.O
~;lvet *ertlf5cate* .' fk*
•3o!d cq!3'. . ; 25590.377 7<J
eiJver ic'.lkrr 32".22S.974 VC
silver- coin. 174.C«« SO
Minor, coin '. 3.4SC *i
: Fractional currency 1 4 *S
Ccu:x>ns ...: ..: S5» 00 i
'Irfte-rest ehscks.' funded leans of
-. !Sfi7. l»04.. l«V 19W-I91S and
¦'Consols of 1330 , 66-S K.7 !
. Hawaiian -f liver ccins..' ' 1,18025 j
' /Total .."• $55.502. 144 40
Shipped in November — • . -
•Standard silver -Cellars $1 43.O0O
FracuccaJ coin •.. llfc.013
... 'Total ,.. ..".....*..: $261,013
• ' ¦ TJh'c W lather and Crops %
, T^.e week!j» report of A. G. McAdie. iwction
iireetor ef the cHs^tic and crop service cf
•rho. Weather Bureau, is as follows:
" Gereral Summary. — Generally cloudy weath
er jrevailed over th* -northern portion of tb«
Etate. with "frequent den»« fogs In the greac
.•va!Jeys ard along the coast a'nd bay sections.
T.irh: sfibweri occurred tn the Sacramento
¦ Vaj:'cy and a!orig the northern coast. la
•Southern California the weather was clear;
' r>aeant during the- first part of the week
US- x'ery warci during th* lalter. On Friday
EM tercpefature* reached 80 degrees at Los
'Angeles and 84, degrees at S*n Diego. A few
'U*m Jroeta occurred,, but caused no darcase.
The rains over the northern portion of the
Stat# during the -preceding week were very
toerreflcial and the ground is now ir* excellent
condition for all * kinds of farm work from
. th». Central Ban Juan Valley* northward, ex
cept in th_« extreme northwest, where It is.
tnoet too wet for cultivation. Plowing and
»*e<lirg are progressing rapidlr throughout the.
northern portion- of the Htate and .the early
*cwn grain Is tip and making good growth.
In the south rafa is badly needed, and farm-
Ing <5p*ratiocs are at a standstill ; until thp
-rains begin. Grass has made rapid growth
In th» northern rx'rtle'i of the Ean Jcaqu'.n
Valley ftrd northward and green feed ts b*
.c-rsing r!e=tiful In the Farramento Valley
¦ r.d the co«*t and bar i^ctinns. Stock are im
proving rapidly where there Is arreen fe*d.
r>rrhar<ls and vine* are being pruned In many
localities »n4' plowing orchards ts progressing
rapidly In the coast and bay section and the
Sacramento Valley.
Wool continues at a standstill, with sellers
not pressing the market and buyers disin
clined to purchase. Prices are as before.
There Is nothing new In Hides. The mar
ket is quiet and featureless. Arrivals are run
ning ff»r as usual at this time of the year,
being long-haired and grubby.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culla and brands sell
about lftc under qsotatlcns. Heavy salted
Steers. JV?: medium. Sc: light. 7fte; Cow Hides.
7?4c for heavy and 7l±c for light: Stags. 5c;
Salted Kip. 9e; Salted Veal. 10c; .Salted Calf.
10ft§llc; dry Hides.. 15c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf l*c: Sheepskins. s>h«ariings.-2.VS.'5<»c each;
short Wool. 40€6Oc each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 fcr lafg<» and $2£2 50 for medium, $1 25
¦&1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides dry $-1 75 for Urge and $1 50 for me-»
dium. -$1R1 25 'for small and 50c for. Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. . 32c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 32c. Goat
Skins— 'Prime- A ngoraw. 75c> large and smooth.
50c: medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 ¦ rendered. 4ftc per lb;
No. .2.'- 4c; grease. 2 ft ©3c. - '
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaq/uin Lambs'. 9#
lie: Middle County. 11612c; Northern Free.
11612c; Northern Defective. lft»llc; Humboidt
and Mendocino. 12{?14c; Nevada. 13Q1.V: Ore
gon fine 19t?19c; Oregon medium. 17c .per Ib.
HOPS — 191?22c per lb for California.
General Merchandise. ¦
BAGS — Grain Bacs, r»S5ftc; Sun Quentin.
5.65c: Wool Bass. 32fi35c; Fleece Twine, 7ft0
Be: Cotton Fruit Bags. 6fte. «?»e and 7*;c for
the thre* grades: Brown Jute. 6ft9~ft>.
CANNED FRUITS— The.- California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes tha following prtca
list for 1903 stock:
» I" £ I
-s. fruits. « S 1 a. " ;
» - *
Appl-s $1 53jn 3*:S1 2f>l$l 1O
Apricots 1145 125 ....
Blackberries 1 «&f 1 40 1 304 1 20
CherrUs. R. A J 151" 1 »0 t 70 1 40
Cherries, white 1 75 1 60 133
Cherries, black 2 CO vi 75 I 601 1 33
Grapes 1 33 1 20 1 10 1 00
Tellow Free Peaches... .... 1 40 ....
Lemon Cling Peaches... 1 80 1 60 1 30 "1 20
Pears 2 0*X 1 75 j ....
Plums .; ,:... 1 33 1 IS 1 08 9S
Raspberries 2 5O| 2 25 -2 10 1 9O
Strawberries 2 0S{ 1 75 1 60| 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2ft^lb
"standard. 82fteS3c; Green Peas— Baby petlts
pois. $1 CO; retlts poi3. $1 35: extra sifted.
$1 15; standard sifted. $1: standards. s,v.
marrowfats. S2ftc: gsJlon, sifted., $4 25; gsj.
Ion. standard. $3 75.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $*: Seattle. $« 50; Bryant. $S BO; Bea
ver Hill. *5 50: Standard. *7; Rostyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $3 ,V>: Greta. - $7; Wallsend.- $7: Rich
mond. $7 60; .Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 26 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
! $11 SO: Cannel. $S 30 ser ton: Coke. $11,303
Hops are reported firm and active at the
advance noted below and as already men
tioned from 70 to 75 per cent of the crop has
passed out of growers' hands. "
Hides. Wool, Tallmv and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. STic; three
half Barrels. S-^c: one tierce. *%c; two tierces,
Sftc; five tierces. 8%c per lb. •
Dealers report Hams/ Bacc'n and .Lard
weaH and dull, but prices are no lower. Sup
plies of all are liberal. Barreled Beef and
Pork are in fair demand for shipment at
steady prices.
The Chicago advices of Bolton. De Ruyter
& Co. say: "Market waa - a shade easier.
Receipts of Hogs are again below last year.
For the menth of November they were 100.00")
less than last year, while shipments were 5000
more and the average weight was 239. against
241. There Is a good distributive demand and
the whoie situation looks to us legitimate and
healthy. Packing interests do not seem ready
yet to bull the market, but on the other hand
they are not hedging their products to any
great extent. We still advise buying provi
sions."
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12e per lb for
heavy. 12>jc for light mediura.*14ftc for light.
15ftc for extra light. ISftc for sugar-cured
and 20^21 ftc for extra sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. I4ftc; California Hams.
1341c: Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mes«.
$l2ftl2 50; Family. $13; prime Mess Pork.' $lr»;
extra clear. $24: Mess. $19: Dry Salted Pork.
12c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per Ib.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7ftc tier lb for
compound and 9c fcr pure: half barrels, pure.
8t£e: 10-Ib tins 9**c; 5-lb tins. 0%c: 3-lb tins.
10c.
Provisions.
the past week was clear and pleasant during
the first portion and very warm the last few
days. Rain is badly needed to soften the
ground eo fhat plowing can commence. Or
anges are making fine proftrees and have col
cred rapidly in. the last few days. In some
sections t*ey are nearly ready for shipment.
Guavas are In their prime and the yield is
above that of last year at this time. Oth*r
rltrus fruits are making good growth. Larse
quantities of driM fruit are being shipped.
Celery is being shipped In lance quantities.
l»s Angelea Summary. — Abnormally hot at
close of the week, with drying winds. There
is as great demand for irrigating wat*>r as at
any time during the season. Rain Is badly
needed for farm work and to stop irrigating.
' Oranges' are. not coloring as fast as was ex
1 *>ected.
Eureka Summary- — Weather conditions dur
ing th<» greater portion of the week were fa
vorable for fsrrt/ work. Considerable plow
ing and seeding. I Early sown gTain and grass
are growing^ nicely.
• Weather Report.
- - *
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Do*. 1—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
I date as compared with those of same date la«
, season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hoursj
. gst ThJg Last
Stations 24 hours, season, season.
I Eureka ._ O.12 14. :« I3.fl«
i Red 'Bluff:. i>.(ft S.72 10. OS
Pacramrrtto 0.00 S.52 3.71
Pan Francisco «.<>0 4.42 3.<Z>
'Fresno t.0.00 O.ft4 2.«7
¦Independence ?•-"0 0.42 ".79
' «an Luis' Oblspo 0.00 0.41 :t..*2
¦ Lc« Angeles ".CO ©.43 2.47
, San Dl^so , 0.00 O.W 2.j1
THE COAST RECORD.
— i* g — 'f. t
¦- >ZZ, ?? 2.1 & 1
¦ I || || j;| II ?
STATIONS. |§ js si ?- f !
: ?? '¦ : : !
Baker 36
• "arson W-t8 «> 22 H\V Clear .00
Eureka 3U.."IO 5fi 4S N Cloudy .12
FartlloH :;0.13 59 •'.<> NW Pt.Cldy .(*>
Fresno .i0.14 ">4 40 NW Foggy .0r»
Flagstart :t0.16 «0 IS FE Clear .00
PoCatelio 3rt.Oi r>2 38 E riear .00
Pcint Reys-e...:».0S -*5 4K • NW Clear .00
Independence .30. 12 02 4O 00
LO9 AngFles.-.JiO.Oi} «8 4<i W Clear -«0
Mt Tama!pais.:^).l«i S?» 50 NW Clear .00
North Head •";
Phoenix W.00 7« 44 N Clear .**>
PorUand W.m 54 40 NW Clear .30
Red Bluff :U>.18 «4 42 SE Clear \ .«*>
Ro^burg W.;;s 54 46 NW W<»ar .08
Sacramento .."0.12 «) 42 S Foggy .«»
Salt Lake :«>.2O 36 24 S (Tloudy .tA
**zi Francisco. -TO. 16 M 50 SE Clear -.00
San L Ob'.spo. VMO 7« 42 S near .00
fc : an Diepo :Ui.(A « 4<s W Clear .CO
Seattle 30.22 54 *S fiW Cloudy .1*
Hpokanr: 2-J.OO r.4 36 PW Pt.Cldy .10
Tat.-osh :U>.1'1 ««» .. W Pt.Cldy .20
WalU Waila...%».12 -.V5 .t6 SW Cloudy .OS
: Winnemutca ..<0.1H 5S 26 BW Clear .00
Yuma ... : CO-OS SO 44 N Clear
WEATH-ER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly from Eureka
northwanl and has fallen rapidly over Nevada
and Utah. A storm of considerable energy is
moving southward over the Rocky Mountain
region.
Cooler weather prevails in Southern Califor
nia. Warmer "weather prevails in Nevada.
Haln has fallen at Eureka and all of the
northern ttatioos. Tule fog prevails in the
great valley.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. December 2:
North-rn California — Cloudy Wednesday;
cooler at night; light southerly wind.
Southern - California — Fair Wednesday, be
coming cloudy at night: southerly" wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday; much cooler
Wednesday night.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day; light southerly Vind. changing to north
erly. A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
LIVERPOOL.
.Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening 6 5 « 4\ «? 3%
Closing 6 4*4 6 4'i 6 3«i
PARIS, . -
\\heat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening ...20 50 20 70 •
Closing 20 55 20 70
Flour —
Opening 25 20 2~ n*
Closing 2S 25 2." 95
Foreign Futures.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Cloce.
Wheat No. 2— .
Dec (new)..... 82H . 82T4 81% 81ft
May SIS «H ¦ 80*4 81
July 76ft , 761 4 75S» 75H
Corn No. 2 —
December 41%' 42U 41H 42
May 42ft 42«, 42 42ft
July 42ft 4ZVi 41% 42
vOats No 2 —
December 34ft 34!i Zi% 31*
May 35\ 36 33% 35»i
:july ;«ft 33ft ( 33ft 33ft
I Mess Pork, per bbl —
I January 10 90 10 90 10 80 10 87 ft
| May 11 17ft 11 20 11 10 11 12ft
: Lard, per 1C0 lbs —
| January « 40 6 42ft 6 40 6 40
May ....... 6 47ft 6 50 6 42ft 6 47ft
Short Ribs, rer 100 lbs—
January 5 *2ft 5 82ft 6 77ft 5 80
May 6 02ft « 02ft 5 b7ft 6 OO
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 wheat. 79ft<gS2c; No. 'i red, S4ft
S/W'/ic; No. 2 corn. 42'ic; No. 2 yellow, 44c;
i No. 2 cats. .14««c: No} 3 white, 3503Sl4c; No. 2
I rye. 5l«7.'tlftc; good • feeding barley. 33@:i5c;
; fair to choice malting, 421J54e; No. 1 flaxseed.
t 91o: No. 1 Northwestern, 97ftc; prime timothy
seed. $2 80: mess pork, per barrel. $11 12V.©
11 25; lard, per 100 lbs. $6 47ft<?6 50; short
: ribs sides (loose). $6 25@0 50; short clear »lde«
(boxed>. $B 12ft@t> 23; whisky, basis of high
wip»e. $1 27; clover, contract grade. $11.
Articles — ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24.(200 46.500
] Wheat, bushela . . .' 1 <;l ,300 45ti..T00
.Corn, bushels ... t 2Sft,200 ¦ 157.0CO
1 Oats, bushels. 243,700 215.200
i Rye. bushels 15.400% 2 50<>
: Rye. bushe-is 15,400 - 2.5C0
Barley, bushels. 12.800 37,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm. Creamery. 16«25c: dairy 14
j «10c. Kfs.«, easier, 23©2Cc. Cheese, steady,
10*}10ftc.
The market is as previously reported. - Ther«
is not much going on. as the demand is light
and there is very little of anything left In
growers'- hands. .Walnuts continue the firmest
description in the list, with Prunes and Rais
ins dull. There is very little movement In
Honey. 1 *
FRUIT— Apricots. 7#9c for Royals and 9®
lie for Moorrarks; Evaporated Apples. 4©5ftc;
sun-dried. 3ft£4c; Peaches. 4ft86ftc; Pears,
S<310c; Nectarines. 4g5fte; Figs, white. 4S4* 4 e
in boxes; black. 4^c; Plums, pitted. <*S9c per
poumf. i
PRUNES— -1903 crop. 2ftg2»ic for the four
sixes. *
RAISINS^ — F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown,
5^ie per lb; 3-crown. 5*»c; 4-crown. 6ftc: Seed
less Muscatels. 4^'c: do. .floated, 4ftc; un
bleached Sultanas. 4ftc; Thompson's Seedless,
5 ftc. London Layers — 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown.
Jl 35; 4-crown clusters. $2: 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga Loose. 2
crown. 5e per lb: do 3-cnrwn. 5«jc: Valencia
Cured, 4}ic: Pacific, do. 3fic; Oriental, do.
2?ic. Seeded Ralsins^ — 16-oz packages, fancy.
8c per lb: choice. 7T»c; 12-ox packages, fancy.
6%c; choice, 6*»c; in bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice,
7*c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13ftS14c;
No. 2, llft@12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13@13ftc;
No. 2, lieilftc; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
lOftc for I X L. lOVic for Ne Plus Ultra and
8*ic for Languadoc: "Peanuts. 6®7c for East
ern: Pecans. Ilfil3c: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5; Cali
fornia Chestnuts. bQXOc per lb, and ll©12ftc
for Italian. -
HONEY— Comb, llgl-V for white and 9©10c
f"or amber: ' water white extracted, 5©5ftc;
light amber extracted. 4ft95c; dark. 3ft«4c.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Retail Meat Prices.
CHICAGO. Deo. 1. — The fact that there were,
practically no deliveries on j December con
tracts created bullish sentiment in December,
wheat early and an advance of ' %e was made
within the first - hour. The better prices
brought out large realising sales and the ad
vance waa loet. May opened unchanged to Vic
higher at 81%c to 81%c. and although this de
livery ' received considerable support from the
leading bulls, and ! notwithstanding the sharp
rally In December, the price held barely steady
the early part of the session, due to persistent
selling by local ' traders. Reports of i fine
weather in Argentina, comparatively, smail
clearances, lower prices In all outside markets
and a fairly large Increase In elevator stocks
in the Northwest combined to create ¦ bearish
sentiment toward -the noon hour and. the mar
ket yielded- to the pressure. • May declining
to SOftc. Prices rallied somewhat, but the
close was lower, with May off Hfl^c»t BT%
681c. '' December closed ft@%e lower at Slftc.
Corn ruled comparatively steady. May closed
a shade lower at 42©42Hc. - - :
The feature in oats was the liquidator! of
May. May closed a shade lower at 35->ic
Larger receipts ef hogs than expected and a
decline of 10c in orices at the yards caused
heavy selling of provisions. The close -was
steady, January pork being off- fie. lard a
shade lower and ribs down 7 ftc.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
13 per ten In bulk and $1.1 in tacks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 43 per 2000 lbs and
$12 bO per Ions ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 3ftc:
cases, regular, 4c: cases, extra large. 4(.«c;
Eastern style. 6Vtc: boneless. 4ftc; "Norway."
4ftc; "Narrow Gauged' Ocr "SlIveT King. "
6%c; block*. "Oriental," 5c; blocks. "Sea
bright." 5ftc; tablets, 6c; middles. 6^<J7ftc;
fancy boneless. 8^»*fte; pickled Cod. bbla,
$7 50: pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 50.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes) as
follows. €0 days or ft per cent discount for
rash, no sales under 10.0CO lbs; Manila, 1*\~;
Sisa>. lie; Duplex. 10c; Baie Rope. 109 lie
per lb.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 12ft«15c for strictly
prime to fancy washed: llft©12ftc for prime
washed; 10ftQllv;c for good washe-i; 10^15?
: for good to prime washed peaberry. *ftS10c
for good to prime peaberry: 9®10ftc for good
; to prime; 7ft<j*ftc for fair; 4ftSio for com
mon to ordinary. Salvador — Mtfl2<- nominal
for strictly prime washed: 9911a for goad to
prime washed: 8-SOc for fair washed; 9ftffl0fte
for fair to prime washed reaberry; 3'«W**«
for good to prim* semi-washed: 7 T iC$ 3 l»c for
superior enwashed: 7ft©7%c for good green
' unwaahed; 7 : 'ie <) ftc fcr good to superior un
washed peaberry: 4'i©*fte for Inferior to or
dinary. Nlcaras^ia — llfttfl.ic nominal for
prime to fancy washed; HaiOc nominal for
fair to strictly good washed: 7 #7 ftc for fx*t
' to superior unwashed; 7*i©<ic for good to
rrime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala art
Mexican — 13ft©15c nominal for fancy washed;
Ilfti^l3c for prime to strictly prime wwhM:
10*@10*ic for strictly good washed. 9Viff9\c
for good washed: 7%©£*ie for fair washed.
6!it?7ftc for medium: 4ft*J6c for Inferior t.>
ordinar>-; SftftlOVjc for fair to prim* washed
peaberry: 75, 53 Vic nominal for good to supe
rior unwashed: 5 l iS7ftc for ash-damaged.
LEATHER— Sole. heavy. 20<S32c; «xtr»
heavy. 30«40c par lb: medium. 27323c: light.
24326c; Roujh Leather. 2&£2S<j; Harriet*
Leather, heavy. 33<g3&e for No. 1 and 30©.T3c
for No 2: medium. 30<£37c; light. 23-9-T.V:
Skirting. No. 1. 40©42c; No. 2. 3««3.9c; Collar
Leather. 15©16c per foot; Trace Leather. 4O©
44c- Kip. unfinished. 40<C5Ce per lb; Veal, fln-
Uhed. 50#e0c per lb: Calf, finished. C5cU$l p»r
lb- Wax sides. l&S17c per root: B«lt Knlfs
Sp'llts 14©16c; Rough Splits. 8910c per- lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $20tf2S per ton; stick.
$15-813 per cord.
OIL — Unseed Is lower at «3e for boiled an*
43c for rs>w In barrels: cases. 5c more; Castor
Oil In cases No. 1. 70c; Bakers* A A. $1 10^
1 12: Lucol. 44e for boiled and 42c for raw In
barrels: Lard CHI. extra winter strained, bar
rels 85c; cases/. 90c; China Nut. R5«70c p-r
gallon* pure Neatsfoot. in barrels. 73c; cases.
80c- Sperm, pore, 75c: Whale Oil. natural
white 50«55c per gallon: Fish Oil. la barrel*.
50c- cases. 55c; Cocoamit OH. In barrels. 53o
forCevlon and 55c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in buTk.
15ftc: Pearl Oil in cases. 22e: Astral. 22c;
Star. 22c: Extra, Star. 26c; Elaine-, 23c; Eocene.
25c* deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk. 17c:
in case*. 23ftc: Benzine. In bulk. We; tn eases.
19ftc: S6-degree Gasoline, tn bulk, 21c; In
cases, 27 ftc. .
TURPENTINE — *0c per gallon la nan and
74c tn drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lsad. 9H9
7c Der "lb; White Lead, «ft07c. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $43 50945 far local ns« and
$42 5O843 50 o»r flask for export.
SALT — The "Amalgamated Salt Cbnspany
quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool, $13 50<9
16- Bales, common. $1 63; Dairy, per ton.
$12 50- HaJf Ground. $3 731H0 25* Rock Bait.
$* CofiS 7.». Imitation Liverpool. $12 50©13 23;
Granulated. $12 50ffl3 25 per ton.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotesas follows, per lb. In 100-n> bar*:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.«3e:
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. S.HOe; Dry
Granulated fine. 5.40c; Dry Granulated, coars-.
5 40c: Fruit Granulated. 5.40e; Beet Granu
lated riOO-n> bags only). 5.20c: Confectioner^'
A. 5.40c: Magnolia A, 5c; Extra C. 4.90c;
Golden C.4.S0c: "D," 4.70c; barrels. «10c nv>r-:
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. OOp more; 50-lb
! bats IDe more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels 5.90c; boxes. «.15e: H. *.E- Crystal
Domino*. S.4Oc per lb. No order* taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its eqniva.l»nt.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sixes. $1?J»19: ex
tra slzss higher: Redwood. $l»tf23e: Lath. ?
feet $3 9(Vg4; Pickets. $19<|C8; Shingles. $3
for No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2: Shake*. $13 for
split and $14 for sawn; Rustic. $23i*31.'
Meat Market.
Beef and Mutton ara firmer, with a small
advance in prices. Veal and Lamb sh(»w no
change.' Hcgs are coming in freely and ar«
rather weak, though thera is no further d»-
C * r ' DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale r»t«a from, slaughterer* to deal
ers are aa follows: ..._ .
iZ. BEEF— 6ft97fte for Steers and 4ft©«c per
1 Itf for Cows.
VEAL-Larg«. R#9c; small. 0««fte
MUTTON— Wethers, *ff9fte; Ewes. S^Sfto
per lb. »" - .' v
! LAMB— «'i«10c per "»• . •
rORK— Dressed Mogs. TfttT«c P*r 1»-
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations ar» for good, loiai
Livestock delivered In Fan Francisco, less BO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers 9^9c; Cows and Hetftrs.
7ffSc; thin Cows. 4«5c pt lb.
rXLvES— 494ftc per lb <gros« wtlnhO.
SHEEP^- Wethers. 3%«4c; Eww. 3\»«3ft3
per lb <gro« weight).
IAMBS— 4>T'a5c. per lb.
IjoGS^ul- Ilogs^l40 to ISO lb.. 5Uc: ovjr
110 lbs 5c: 3ow». 20 per cent off; Boars. 50
per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent off from
above quotations. ' .
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. DECEMBER I*
Vlonr. qr sks 2.776 Wool, bale* 37
Barley ctls 4.990 F»*d. sks SO
Oats ctls ... .- 3«C Tallow, ctls 210
Pom (Ei»t). ctls «0f Pelts. No W
Pntit^es sks ... 2.9^)0 Ralstns, b«t»«... 2.S0i»
OntoST*" *- 300 Wine. gal». 25.ir«
B^an!*k* ... .. H5|Leath«r? rons.... m
iut torn' ... 2» Sugar. eUi 1.05O
Hops, bales 161 Lime. bbls. «3
A ' ' OREGON.
Potatoes, sks • M
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 6n*»
We per ctl; Salinas Burbanks.' $l«l 45 p»r ctl:
Oregon Burbanks. K5c<r$t 10 • p«r -i ctl- River
Reds. 6O@75c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1©1 15
per ctl. ' - . - j
ONIONS — %\<S\ 25 per ctl. " -
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 2fl4c P*r lb:
String Beans. 2«4c per lb; Wax, 284r: Lima
Beans, 7(g 8c per lb: Tomato**. 25@75e per
tox.for bay and 75c - ifr crate for Los An
ireles: Summer Squash. 11 per box for bay and
501J65c for Los Angeles; Cabbage. fiOc per
rtl: Carrots. 75c per sack: Cucumbers, llffl 25
per box for bay and fiO®75c for Lo« Angeles;
Garlic, «<g$c rer lb: Dried. Okra, 12ftc perlb:
Green Peppers. 35©5«c per box for, Chile ami
4O4JC0O for Bell; Mushrooms. 35©75c per
dnwer: Marrowfat Squash. fS®10 per ton;
Hubbard, $12. - --- v^ffBtffS9^fflilTOi^ffimlgmMB
.As usual on Tuesday the receipts of Vege
tables from Los Angeles were light and offer
ings consisted chiefly of carried-over stock.
Fresh receipts of Peas and Beans by steamer
sold readily at the top quotations, while old
stock, which -was of poor quality, dragged at
unsteady rates, with some very -poor
stock selling down ¦ t»-.\ $1 per sack.
Tomatoes were dull, particularly the Bay arti
cle which continued \ to arrive freely. Good
quality offerings of Lima Bean* met with
prompt sale at hieh prices, while poor and
fro«t-bltten stock, which constituted the bulk
of tho supplies, could not be sold at any price.
- Receipt* of Potatoes were light, but the mar
ket was liberally supplied with low-grade Bur
hanks, particularly river kinds, and such stock
jftoved slowly. Fancy Salinas Burbanks were
'»t»ady. whilo Or»>eon were dull, as buyers were
holding off awaiting the arrival, of the Oregon
steamer, which was hourly, expected wlth*"TJb
•ral supplies. There were no fresh Sweets re
ceived, and old stock, which was plentiful, was
dull at Dr»viou» orlces. Onions were rather
weak than otherwise, and sales at the top quo
tation were rare, $1 15 being about the top for
the common run of supplies.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Lima Beans have advanced slightly and are
quoted firm, with the growers not offering at
present. The otner descriptions show consid
erable change in a small way. generally toward
lower prices. The market continues inactive,
with more sellers than buyers. There is no
Chun ice in Seed*. '
BEANS— Bayos. $2 30®2 50; Pea $-1; But
terr. $3 25; small White. $2 Sft®3: large White.
S2 S5g2 50: Pink. $2 25Q2 60: . Red. $3@.1 25-
Lima. *2 SM53: Red Kidneys. $4 25: Blackeye.
$232 15 per ctl: Horse Beans. $1 WVfi2.
SEEDS — Brom-n Mustard. *3: Yellow Mus
tard. ?2 €."W82 85: Flax. Jl «WU 90: Canary.
5#SUc for Eastern; Alfalfa, 11014c: Ran..
I%<i2fte: Timothy. 6«r«ftc: Hemp. 3\4(gtti*c
per lb; Millet, 3jg3ftc; Broom Corn Seed, $20^
23 per ton. '
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 8OS2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
8HOKTP— $10 50*T20 50 per ton.
, FEEDSTUFFS— RoIleJ Barley. J24 50025 per
ton:. Oil Cako Meal at the mill. $27g2S 50; job
bing. $29«:;0: Cc^oanut Cake, $Si{r22: Corn
Meal, *3OfT31: Cracked Corn, $30 501*3150:
Mixed Feed. ?22 50§23 50; Horse Beans. £H>g
40 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $14ttlfi ?0; Wheat an*v-Oat
$13 5C<?*U> 50; Oat. $13015; Wild Oat. J1L50®
13 .V):Bar!ey. $11613; Stock. SlOgll; Alfalfa.
$10fil2 60 per ton
STRAW — H>265c per bale.
Bran and Shorts are quoted weaker, while
Middlings are very firm under light offerings.
Hay Is steady at the. familiar quotations, with
a g.<od demand, which keeps the market in good
hhape for sellers.
Oilcake Meal and Cocoanut Cake are higher.
•BRAN— *10 5C620 SO per" ton.
MIDDLINGS— $C« 50«2^ 50 per ton.
Ha\ and Feeds tuffs.
The demand for'' Flour and MUlstuffr contin
ues aversge. with no change In quotations.
.FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 C0@
4 85. usual Urms: Bakers' Extras. $4 50@4 60;
Oregon an4 Washington. $-? »0®» 20 per bbl for
Family and $'< 9u<ii4 40 for Bakers'
M1LLSTV.FFS — Prices In packages are ss fol
lows: Graham Flour. $3 25 pec. 100 lbs: Ry«
Flour, S3 25; Rye Meal. $.1; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal, $.125; extra cream do. .$4; Oat
Groats. $4 SO; Hominy. $4<?4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 5OB4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Fa
rina. ?4 50; Whele Wheat Flour. $n 30: Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25*S «O; In sacks. $6 75@* 10:
Pearl Barley, $6: Split Peas, boxes', $7; Green
Pea*, $5 60 per. ICO lbs. • ,
Flour and Millstuffs.
-WHEAT FREIGHTS— A French bark has
been taken on the spot for Wheat to Europe aj
:11s 3d ami several Tiave recently; been char
i tered for Barley at thla figure, which is there
; fore the ruling rate at the moment. It is very
! low. The chartered Wheat fleet in port has a
i registered tonnage of 25,925, against . 36. <25
tons on the same date last year; disengaged.
106.935 tons, against 44.740; on the way to this
i port. -1S4. 730 tons, against 208,320.. /~ .
¦ WHEAT— Reports from the Argentine say
that since the recent rains the weather has
been fine and harvest prospects are excellent.
Chicago was lower, with no news worthy of
note.
This market is unchanged. ¦ both as to ¦ cash
grain and futures, there being a fair demand
for the former at steady prices.
CASH WHEAT. I
I California Club. $140@142ft: California
: White 7 Australian, $1 50® 1 52ft; Northern Club.
> $1 40@l 4J%; Northern Bluestem, $1 50@l 51%;
Oregon /Valley, $1 40.
-FUTURES.
, Sewicn 9 to 11:30 a.'m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May Jl 34% $134% $134% $184%
December.... 1 35 bid.
. . 2 . p. m. Session.
i . Open. . High. Low. Close.
iMay ...... .ft 34% $1 34% $1 34?$ $134%
! December. ... 1 3.V4 1 36 1 33% ." 1 35ft
j BARLEY — Both cash grain ¦ and futures are
' low*r, owing chiefly to Increased offerings and
: expectations of large deliveries on December
. contracts. At the same time It Is said that
I there is still a .large December 6hprt Interest.
' which ought to Vender the market firm, if not
I now at least later on.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 OS%@1 12ft; Shipping and Brewing,
fl 1561 20; Chevalier. $1 20@l 45 for fair to
choice. ' ¦ ¦ ' •
FUTURES.
Sesslcn 9 to 11:30. a. m.
Open. High. * Low. Close.
May $1 ON $108 $1 OS $108
December il 0O\b!d,-$i_O97» asked.
2 p. m. Session.
No sales.
OATS — The trade reports a fair movement at
firm" prices. Offerings are ample, but not ex
cessive, and ¦ receipts have been running very
moderate of late. ' . ¦ . - •
White. |1 20411^30; Black. $1 40@l 60; Red.
*1 10® 1/12 ft for feed and $1 25®1 35 for seed;
Gray, nominal (none, here.)
CORN — The market continues dull and moM
or lees weak, though prices show no further
change.
i Western sacked. $1 27ftWl SO for Yellow,
i *1 30 for White rnd $1 25@1 27ft for Mixed:
California large Yellow.. $1 22ft#l 30; .small
, round do, $1 40@l 60; White, $1 25@1 30 per
I ctl.
i RYE— Is still slow of sale at $1 25®1 30 per
ctl.
I BUCKWHEAT— $2 25$r2 50 per etl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
RASPBERRIES— $* per chest. ' : .C v"-^
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $11611 50; Jer
seys, $10@10 75 per bbl: Coos Bay. $2 5Off3 per
APPLES— Fancy " Ppitzenbergs. $1 73*82 25
per boxr other varieties. $101 «> for fancy. 75
e00c for choice and 2S@50c for common;
Christmas Apples. $1 JHXgl T5.
PEARS— Winter Nellis. $1 $0 per box.
QUINCES — 60©75c per box. 9
POMEGRANATES — $1 25©1 50 z*r box.
PERSIMMONS— 50cC$l per box. .
GRAPES — lOgOOc for small boxes and 6&©
S5e for crates; large boxes, $1 23£1 50.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $283 1 per
boxr Seedltnrs. $1 50©2; Tangerines, *l 60S--*
for- half boxes and $1Q1 25 for quarter boxes;
Japanese Mandarins, $1 50©l 75 for half
boxes and 60S75c for quarter boxes: Lemons.
$162 per box: Grape Fruit. $1 50^2 50; Mexi
can Limes. $4©4 50; Bananas, $1 25©2 25 per
bunch for vHawailan and for Central
American; Pineapples, $2$3 60 per dozen.
The Aools market continued active and tha
demand was ¦ confined chiefly- to high-grade
stock, particularly of the Xewtown Pippin
and Spltienberg varieties. Stocks of the latter
were none too olentlful and the quotation*
had a narrower range. Good Bellrtowers ana
Baldwins moved freely at $1 25fil 50 per box
and choice - off erings of other varieties wer«
In good . request at steady rates. The mar
ket was still overloaded with common and
wormy-* stock, which was neglected. Small
quantities of -Winter Nellls Pears were with
drawn from cold storage and found prompt
sale at. the previously quoted rate. srnall
package** ot Grapes were in light but impl*
supply and prices were unchanged. Large
open boxes were higher under light receipts,
only 3S boxes be}ng received. Receipts of
Berries were very light and choice lots were
easily disposed of.
- Citrus fruits were in ample supply and un
changed. Three more cars of Ravels cam* In
to an already overstocked market and met
with a very light demand. The fruit \a grad
ually improving In. color, bat still lacks sweet
ness. The market waa bare of ripe Central
American Bananas, and Hawaiian moved more
freely In consequence. .,«,«.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths. $5^12 per
chest: targe bernes. $566 per chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
¦Wires from New YorWesterday reported the
engagement of about $4«T,000 In Japanese gold
for import to San Francisco, and furthermore
reported the shipment cf $1,000,000 in gold from
New York to San Francisco.- The latter item
has already been' mentioned.
There were no important variations in Silver
or Exchange.
Sterling Exchange,' sixty dajrs.^..- — $4 S0%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 |4%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 Nj%
New- York Exchange, sight — - -P«f
New York Exchange, telegraphic, s — 02ft
Silver, per ounce !•"; — : 5S%
Mexican Dollars — -.«h
Exchange and Bullion.
Large 'shipments of Gold coining here from Nezu York.
Local Stocks-and Bonds quiet. -
¦ iVaU-strfti Stpeks higher on the day.
Silver a fraction lozecr. Exchange as before quoted.:.',:
Wheat quirt <*"d featureless. Freights still very low.
'Baric\ r lo'vcr,zijt}i larger offerings. Oats steady.
¦ Corn zceak and dull. Rye very .slozv.
'Fair movement in Flour and Millstuffs.
'Bran and Shorts lower. Middlings f.rm. ivitb light offerings.
. Hay steady and in goad shape for sellers.
T-.iwc B Cans firm and other sorts quiet and ivcak.
.B:\tter stj-Jl lozt'cr under excessive supplies.
- 'EgZf A™[ an d in very light supply/ Cheese still over plentiful.
Hams, Bacon .and Lard in liberal supply and iveak.
Hops active and firm at a slight advance.
'¦¦ Plenty of Hogs arriving. Market more or less zvcak.
Linseed Oil declined 4c per. gallon.
-Beef .and: Mutton- slightly higher. Veal unchanged.
Hides. quiet and; easy. Wool dull and unchanged.
No vdria'tion in Dried Fruits end Raisins.
Nuts steady-. - Hpney t still dull
Citrus Fruits in ample supply. Fresh Fruits selling fairly.
Poultry plentiful and easy. Game in good demand.
' Potatoes and Vegetables auiet. Onions zveak.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
that large bankers and capitalists had been
absprbing stocks in the midst of the prevailing
depression of sentiment, looking beyond the
probable revival. The market closed firm.
The bond market was broader, but rather
irregular. Total sales, par value, $3,854. OoO.
United States 2s advanced % per cent on the
last call. _ J " •
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— /" Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison L . . 27,500 67: 66H 67
Atchison pfd....l.. 1,300 " 91H SOH 91%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 11.600 77*t 76M, 77^ ;
Bait & Ohio pfd... 400 67% S7V, 87
Canadian Pacific... 4.400 118% 117H H8i4
Cen of New Jersey ' ,i54
Chesapeake & Ohio. 2.000 31^-30%'31>4
Chicago & Alton... 2.f00 331i 82% 33%
Chi & Alton pfd... 200 70'i ~0hi ~0\
Chi Great Western. ' 900 15^ 4 154 ,15^u
Chi O W B pfd 26%
Chicago & N W.. 40«> 166^ 1W4 l«0
Chi Term &. Trans. 2UO 6?i 8V» 8V4
Chi T A T pfd IS
C. C. C & St Louis 10t> 73 7.1 734
Colorado Southern. 1,200 13Vi 13 13}»
Colo South 1st pfd. 300, 53ii Si 53<>i
Colo South 2d pfd.. 400 21 h 21*4 21 H
Delaware & Hudson 1,100 157 : 15«*i 156%
Del. Lack & Weet 235
Denver & Rio G 20*i\
Den & Rio G pfd.. «00 - 6S\ C7 T « «*•?»)
Erie 19.3<X) 27** 27H 27%i
Erie 1st pfd 1.300 67%' «6T4 «*
Erit 2d pfJ 2.400 49 48H 48T«
Groat Northern pfd • l»5O
Hocking Valley 200 74?4 74% 74H
Hocking \"ul pfd... 2tiO M 83^ *A%
Illinois Central 1.500 130 129 129%
Iowa Central 100 21& 21^i 20H
Iowa Central pfd.. 200 37 3T 36^
K C Southern ;h<>0 19 16^ 19
K C Southern pfd.. 400 :« 34H 35
Louis & Nash 14.700 107 105% 107*;
Manhattan L 2.500 140 139^ 1WH
Metropolitan St Ry «,3U> 118V1 116% 117%
Minn & St Louis : .... .... 00
Mlssi?t;ri Pacific 18,000 01*4 W>4 01%
Mis.'Kan & Tex.. 3.200 18 17V 17^»
! M. K & T pfd 1.900 39 38*5 383,
Ntl RR Mcx pfd.. 100 3»»t, 36T« 36= 4
New York Central. 4,800 117^ llOH 117H
Norfolk & Western. 2,800 57*i 66U 57
Nor Securities : f>S\i
Nor & West pfd 86 l i
Ontario & Western. 4,700 21'/*. 2OV4 21
Pennsylvania 72.500 115ft 114\i 115U
P. C, C & St Louis. 100 69 59^65
Reading 1.700 41% 40% 41*4
Reading 1st pfd 100 75*, 75V» 75
! Reaiing 2d pfd 100 SA 58 6$
I Rock Island Co 29.700 25% 24% 25Vi
j Rock Island Co pfd > ; 400 60% 6»»4 60^
! StL & SF 1st pfd 60
StL & SF 2d pfd. 500 45>j 45 45^4
St Louis P W 100 '14 14 13%
St Louis S W pfd. 500 32% 32'i 32
St Paul • 30.300 140% 1SS*, 140
St Paul pfd 700 172Vi 172 172
Southern Pacific 17.S0O 46% 46^ 46H
Southern Railway.. 19.800 20H l»'i. 20%
Southern Ry pfd.. 4.400 79 77U 7S^
I Texas * Pacific 6,100 24% • 24U 24V*
T. St L & W 500 22 20% 22
T. St L & W pfd.. 200 32H 32ii 32^
Union Pacific 46.300 75% 74U 75*4
Union Pacific pfd.. 300 R5% *5U 85
Wabash 6.500 20V* 1I»S 20U
Wabash pfd 1,300 36V» 34% 36>i
Wheeling * L E.. 100 15% 15% 15
Wisconsin Central.. 600 17 16% 16?;
Wis Central pfd 4C«0 37H S7U 37^j
¦ Express Ccip^anles —
Adams 100 220 220 220
American 180
United States ioo
WellsFargo 195
Miscellaneous — •
Amalgamate-1 Cop.. 21,600 39 * S3 ' 39
Am Car & Fndry.. 600 lg* g 18% 18%
I Am Car & F pfd... 1.200 65 64% 65'
I Am Linseed Oil • 8ft
! Am Lirf Oil pfd £6
I Am Locomotive 6.000 151; 14% 15
j Am. Lnromotv pfd.. 1.500 76% 73% 76 l 4
I Am Smelt A Ref.. 1.900 444" 44 44%
Am S & R pfd..... 1.500 fex S7% 87%
Am Sugar Ref 5,800 122 121 121%
Anaconda Min Co.. 100 08 6S 67
Brooklyn Rap Tnt. S.tWK) 3»;i 39% 39%
Cola Fuel 4 Iron.. R00 25ft 24ft 2»ft
t'olumb & H Coal.. 200 11 II 10ft
Consolidated Gas.. 600 178'J 17S 178JJ
General 500 J5tt!» 155ft 156 -
Internatnl Paper... 100 10ft 10ft 10
Internl Parxr pfd, . . 200 62 61ft 62
Internatnl Pump ..'..-' .... 30
Internl Pump pfd .... 6S •
National Biscuit. .. 20O 3« 35% 35%
National Lead 1.200 -* 14ft 14 14%
i North American 1.4U0 7Bft 74% 7«%
Pacific Mall yuo 27ft 27-, 27%
People's Gas 1,200 »4% 94% 94%
Pressed Steel Car.. 500 24%. 24"ft 24ft
Prsd St*i»l Car pfd tS3ft
Pullman Pal Car... 100 21» 2lfi 233
Republic Stefl 4<X» 6% « »jft
Republic Stef! pH. 6.4CO 4O 3S" S»%
Rubber Goods ...... , 900 15'i 15% 15Vi,
Rubber Goods pfd.. 300 71ft 70% 70ft
Tenn Coal & Ircn.. 300 29 28ft 23
U S Leather 3C0 7% 7 7
i: F leather pfd... 100 75»^ 76U 75 I
V a Rubber lt» » 9 «%
IT S Ri'bber pfd : 3H
D S 8t«el 5.4CO ' IHi ' 11 n
V S Steel pfd 22.COO' P2' a 51% 52
Western Union 600 87ft 66 88
Total sales 524, 409
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
; NEW YORK. Dec. 1.— No bond transaction*
1 to-day.
NEW YORK BONDS.
i U S ref ?s. r»g..lOT.«i Hock Va! 4Vis...l0;u
Do coupon ....lfjr, ,L & K unified 4s. 95%
**> "'. reg 107 ! Man con ?old 4s.. 102
Do coupon ....107 Mex Central 4s.. 72ft
Do new 4s. irg.133%; Do 1st tnc 55.,
4>o coupon ....133% Minn & St L 4s.. »7
Do o'd 4s, reg..lOO !M.K * Tex 4s... 95?i
Do coupon ....110 Do 2ds 76«i
Do 5s. reg..:...101i4 NR of Mex con4s 76
Do coupon 1O1V« ! N Y C c»n 3fts.. p«8«:
Atch gen 4s IOOW'iN Y Cen gen 5s. v .129%*
Do adj 4s 87 (Nor Pac 4s.. ... .102%
Atlantic C line 4s. m Do 3s 70
! Bal & Ohio 4e....lOOH Nor ft W con 4s.. B7
j , Do 04%'OrS Ms & panic. 92ft
j Lentral of Ga 5s.iatft Pa cunv 3fts 95%
I l^ 1 «t Inc 65 Reading gen 4s... 96*i
I «Tifs & Ohio 4fts.lOOT* s L A I M con 5s.lll
•Thi & Alton 3fts. 73ft SLiSFd 4s. 85 '
« . B & Q new 4s. »tV 4 Ft Louis SW lsts. R2
C. M & StP gen4s.(l0 Seaboard A 1 4s. 72
Ihl &VfW con 7S.13OU So Pac 4s .... 87V1
C, RU Pac 4s. 70% So Ry 5s 112ft
Do col 5s 76 Tex & Pac lsts. 114ft
r. C.C& SLgn 4s 95 V; TO1. 6 L & W 4s.- 68
Chi Term 4s 76 Unlon-Pac 4S....102U
Cons Tobacco 4s.. 55% Do conv 4s 94U
«*olo & So 4s 84- U 8 Steel 2d 5s.. CS^i
Den & Rio G 4s,- WM; Webash lsts 113ft
Erie prior. lien 4s. OS Do deb B 59"!
IX> cen 4s R4 W & L, Erie 4s.. M
F W & D C lsts. 102% Wls Cent 4s ..... S3
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Mule Chief 06
Alice l: Ontario "6 00
Breece 10 Ophlr ........... 2 00
Bruns Con O.1 Phoenix 02
Com Tunnel .... OA PotoM 20
Con Oil A Va.. 1 If. Savage 36
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nev. 54.
Iron Sll\-er 1 40 Small Hopes .... 15
Leadville Con .... 02 Standard ..2 00
BOSTON STOCKB AND BONDS.
Money — , ¦ Westlnghs« Com. 70
Call loans 5ftg6 Mining-
Time loans ...5ftg6ft Adventure ....... Sft
Bonds — Allouez 4'
Atchison 4s 90% Amalgamated .... 38T*
Mexican Cent 4s. 69 Daly West....... 34ft
Railroads — Bingham ........ 20%
Atchissn ........ 66Ti Calumet & Hecla.435
AtchUon pfd..... 91% Centennial ....'.-.. 14
Boston & Albany.248 Copper Range.... 42U
Boston & Maine. 168% Dominion Coal... 70
Boston Elevated.. 140 Franklin .....;... 7U
X Y. N H & H..19« isle Royale Oft
Fltchburg pfd 134% Mohawk gflft
Union Pacific 75% Old Dominion 8ft ;
Mexican Central. 10% Osceola 66%
Miscellaneous — Parrot ....'.-..... 17'
American Sugar. .121% Qulncy .......... -g .
Am Fugar,pfd....121% Santa F« Copper.' Hi
.Am Tel A T*I...J26 Tamarack 80
Dom Ironjt-Steel. 8 Trinity 4%
General E»ctrlc..l55 United States 17%
Masa Electric... 19 Utah 26%
Ma»« Elect pfd... 7T Victoria ...; 2ft
United Fruit....'. Wift Wlnona ......;...' 714
U S Steel. .../.. .41 Wolverine 66
U S St«el pfd fi2%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKi. N^t't
Con tor money.88 13-16 N Y Central. .....121H
Con for account.. 89',, Norfolk A. Westn. 58%
Anaconda ........ Nor * W««t pfd. 89
Atchlcon 68% Ontario £ Westn. 21%
Atchison pfd 93ft Pennsylvania ....69 u
Bait & Ohio..... 79% Rand Mines ..... 10
Canadian Padflc.121% Reading 21U
Ches & Ohio 31% Reading 1st pfd.. 39
Chgo G Western. 16 Reading 2d pfd... 29
Chgo M A. St P..143»i Southern Ry voji
De Beers 20% Southern Ry pfd.. 81
Denver A Rio Gr. 21% Southern Pacific. .* 48
D &iR O pfd 70 Union Pacific...... 7711
Erie ."... 28% Union Fae pfd... 89V*
Erie 1st pfd....*.. 68% U 8 SUel. .... 11 2
Erie 2d pfd...... 50 US Steel pfd.... 53Ti
Illinois Central... 133ft Wabash;.. ....... 20ft ;
Louisvl A Naeh..llO Wabaah pfd 36ft
Mo. Kans & Tex.. 18H .
Bar silver, steady. 26ftd p#r ounce. Money.
3®3ft per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills is 4ft per cent 1
and for three months' bills 4@4 1-16 per cent, j
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. ,Dec. 1.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day numbered 12.400
bales. Crossbreds were in strong demand and
fine grades were firmer, while medium coarse
grades were unchanged. Greasy halfhreds.sold
briskly. Greasy merinos sold well.
Butter continues to decline. Most : dealers
are oversupplied. especially with second and
lower grade? . and are offering anything on
their floors at lc less than at the beginning of
the week. - The demand is slack.
There Is no change in Cheese. The market
Is still "weak and handicapped by heavy stocks.
Eires conilr.ue s»ady and unchanged. Fin*
ranch are still scarce and sell readily upon ar
rival. The majority of people are using the
cheaper, cold storare and Eastern.
Receipts were - £6.200 lbs Butter. «U cases
Eggs and 4300 lbs Cheese.
•BUTTER — Creamery. 2*m?29<\ with 3Oc for
special extras and 248C7c for seconds: dairy.
21625c; "store Butter. K'^eiOc: cold storage.
24fi2ec; Eastern, 23325c per lb- "
CHEESE— 12© 12**c for the general market.
lScTfor select mild new and ll@ll*ie tor
lower grades; Young Americas. 13£«c: East
ern. 15H§16\ic; Western. 14813c oer lb.
.-" EGGS— Ranch. 50*Z63c for choice and 45®
48c for small and mixed colors; »tore. ,"£"?
inal; cold storage. 2SS32%c; Eastern. 26©CSc
for cold storage. . \ . - .>—•.;..
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Idaho," fine. 14§15c; fine medium. ¦ 16*yi7e;
medium, 1S@ 10c. Wyoming, fine, 14315c: fln «
medium, 16@17c; medium. 18Vi,#l$>?. Utah
and Nevada. . fine, 15(gl6c; fine median:. 15-9
17c; medium. 15@17c. Montana, fine choice,
10©20c: fine medium choice. t»^20c; staple,
20<S1!lc; medium choice.. 20©21c.
wools Is quiet, with, coadltlins steady. , The
foreign -wool market-is dull. -Territory >juota
tions: . . . -
EVAPORATED APPLES — The- market con
tinues easy, with supplies fair and demand
slow. Common. 4§5e; prlmi. GiJIS^c: choitt,
5*4@6%e: fancy, 7c.
PRUNES— Quiet, rating fromZtfc to «i*3
for al' trades. ¦
Ar-RICOTS re-.na!n In indlft:-.'->Tc demand,
bu* are steady, owing; to the aba-jnie. of sell
ing pressure. Choice are quoted at 9«4jfWu c ;
extra choice, 10®18^c: fancy ¦ ut UClSc.
PEACHES are dull, with choice held at • }»
@«a4cu extra choice. 7«ie*«4-:; 'ane*. *U#
lO&c.
PETROLEUM— Firm. ¦_ ;:..-
COr FEE— The market for ¦ c;>*f«e futures
closed firm at unchanged price* to mi-.-.rtvance
Of 10 points. Sale*. •>5.i30 r bags, including:
December. 5.85®5.05c: March. C 15#*80c: Mar.
6 40c- July. 6.60g<J.65c; September, C.Sge.Sx';
October. 6.8OS6.S5C. Spot Rio, t.*.*\f; No. 7,
Invoice. 6 5-16c; mild, firm.' •
SUGAR— Raw steady: refined quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Dec. * l.—Fl/JUR— Receipt*.
37 4CO barrels: exports, 3000 barrels. Market
was quieter, but firm and unchanged.
WHEAT Receipts. 103.350 busm.lt;: export*.
50.300 bushels. Spot steady. No. 2 red. SS--4e
elevator and S9«*c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 91%c f. o. b.» afloat: No. 1 hard
Manitoba, nominal, f.' o. b. afloat. (>p*.tnns
opened firm and higher on small Northwest
receipts and bullishness, inspired by light con
tracts supply. Lawr they decl»n*I under
realizing and heavy interior -ecelpts, clorins
%e%c lower. May. 84 13-16085 13-l«c. close-1
84Vc; July. 80%6«mc, closed 8O%c; Decem
ber S8H©8S%c. closed 88%c
HOPS Steady. State common ¦ to choice,
1003 23©32c: 1&02. 21625c: olds. 03l2Hc; Pa
cific' Coast, 1003, 18S27c; 1902, 21«25Vjc; olds,
9£12c. . J ; ' .: '
HIDES— Steady. . .: :
LEATHER— Steady. ;
VOOL- Firm. . . - , -- . /
New York Grain and ' 7 Produce.
$931,208,369 in certificates and . treasury • notes
outstanding, which .are offset by an. equal
amount of cash held for their .redemption. Th*
cash -in the treasury is classified as follows:
Gold reserve. $160,000,000; trust funds, $931,
20SA69; general'fund. $144,793,537; in national
bank depositories. $168,047,060; ,ia treasury of
Philippine Islands. $4,908,443; total, $1.39*,
£67 032 against which ! there I are I demand lia
bilities outstanding to the. amount of $1,020.
720.503. which leaves a cash balance on hand
of ?36f>,237.429. i * , - v J ,
Doves $1 25; Babbit s. $2 for. Cottontails and
$ 1 25 for Brush; Hare, 41 SO.
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, WEDNESDAY. /DECEMBER 2, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Pag© Fifteen,
BOSTON, Dec." 1. — There have .been ttxt
dealings In the wool market in the past rreek.
Prices, • however, have; held steady- Values a*
a: whole weakened aomewhat of :late. huc'at
the Mime time, tb<re Is no pretsure to *cll; and
dealers yet hold that wools are • goo<i . pop#rty.
There is quiet trading, in Territory 'wools, at
unchanged prices. The market for - pulled
Boston Wool Market.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1.— The monthly state
ment of the public debt shows that at th« clews
of hu.«in»f s November 30, 1903, the debt lesa
cash in the treasury, amounted to $923,829 410
which Is an Increase for the month of $5,426*
900. :-,Thf» debt proper rhows a decrease of
about $4,000,000 for the month. It is recapit
ulated: as follow*: Interest-bearing debt. $003,-
P11.240: debt onj which Interest has cased slnee
maturity, I1.UX5L72O; heart tiff no interest/$390.
69079; total. $1,295,006,833. . *^
i This amount, however, does- not Include
Condition of. the Treasury.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
APCTION SALES
WILSON
THE AUCTIONEER.
Phone Exchange 97. That's AH.
$10,000:1
WORTH OF *
Upholstered Furniture
Damaged by Water. Will Be Sold at
PUBLIC AUCTION
THIS DAY.
Wednesday, Dec. t 2, 1903
WILSON'S TlCTION ROOMS
818 and 820 Mission St., near Fourth.
Positively must be sold wltheut reserve er
limit, cost or value, comprising mahogany
davenports, mahoirany parlor seta, odd chairs,
leather couches, velour couches, etc. etc.
A chance of a lifetime for a holiday, gift at
one-fourth Its value.
Others' loss yocr gain. Don't miss this sale.
AUCTION SALE of Horses. Wagons. Har-
ness. WEDNESDAY. Dec. 2. at 11 a. m.. Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. Horses must
be as represented or money refunded.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1903.
14
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED-^MALE.
POSITION by a middle-aged male nurse to
take care of invalid- gentleman. Box 2S22.
Call. ,- ... .
COACHMAN wishes position; sober, steady
man; rood horseman and driver; references.
Box 2832, Call office.
AN experieneeikbaker's helper desires position i
In city on cakes or bread, pox 2821, Call.
AN elderly single German Is open for a posi-
tion where general administrative ability,
| with iiractic&l knowledge of all (agricultural
i branches, especially forestry, would be in.
requisition. Box 45CS, Call office.
YOUNG man with push desires position assist-
ant shipping clerk or general assistant around
store; good references ln house furnishing
goods line; age 24. Address R. L. G., 251
Minna st. :
TO first-class installment house — Experienced
salesman for " your domestic dry gortls de-
partment, blankets, curtains, linens, etc.;
excellent stockkeeper; good references. Box
2080, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman from New York; can
handle 4 horses; specialty Is handling and j
taking care of horses; willing worker: not
looking for. high wages. Box 2999.' Call.
WANTED — Position of trust or collector by a
middle-aged married man; first -class refer-
ence from last position of 15 years. . Address
box- 2094. Call office. «•
COACHMAN, gardener^ pruning, grafting or
lay out a new plat: first-class work ln any
branch; field or landscape. Address J. "VV..
613 Mission st r
ESTIMATOR and salesman; marble, granite
and building material in general: a good cor-
respondent acd business getter desires situa-
tion. Box 3452. Call office. *- .• '
WANTED — By a competent man. a steady po-
sition to take charge of a stable; 5 years ln
last place. Box 2804. Call office.
BARBER, competent to fill position as such,
would like steady or Saturday and Sunday
work. Address 3U Clara st. ,
STEADY, sober man wants work of any kind;
can milk, care of horses; no garden work;
city or country. Box 2807, Call.
MAN wants to finish barber trade: has had 2
years' experience. Address WILLIAM WIL-
SON, 988 Howard st.. city.
SOBER man wants good home for the winter;
willing to do light chores ln exchange for
room and board. JONGHA-US. 1031 Mission.
BARBER desires evenings and Saturday work.
1410 Larkin st: call bet 2:30 and 4:30 or
after 8:30 p. m. ; phone Lnrkln 1192.
SITUATION wanted by expert and experienced
draftsman and designer. Address box 857,
Call otflce. Oakland. .
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wonts work, Box
2086. Call office. *^
A SOBER young man wishes to learn good
trade. Room 223, Winchester Hotel.
FIRST-CLASS union barber wants short hour
work. H. 3., 277 Minna st. -,
UPHOLSTERER, carpet and- drapery man
wants work. 2231 Mission st
BARBER wants position evenings. Saturday
nn<1 Sunday. Box 20S9, Call.
YOUNG Chinese, good cook, wants position ln
private family or CHUNG
WING, 02 Clay st, room 2.
A JAPANESE laundryman wants to work ln a'
family ln town; 15 years' esp'r ence in Japan;
$35 to $50. TAGUCHI, 935 Sacramento st.
AN honest young Japanese who speaks good
English wishes to do housework. Address H.
MAKA, 923 Sacramento st.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a po-
sition as schoolboy; plain cook or waiter; $2
week, room. 3AKA'. 807 Polk stj u
JAPANESE wants situation ' as schoolboy, or
half-day work. N. K., 20 Lewis place.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and fiats to let; an Immense list;
- service absolutely, free; take . advantage of
' this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-250 Geary
st.. on the square. *
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department: let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FL'RNITURH
COMPANY. 1039 Market, st; services abso-
lutely free.
ELLIS. 824 and 826 — 3 and 5 room flats; just
finished; $33 and $45. v_ __.
PAGE, 0— 5-room flat; bath; no small chil-
dren. . -
THREE sunny rooms and 'bath; marine view.
1209 Tarter «t.
$7— LOWER flat. 726% Harrison et, between
Third and Fourth. t
FLATS TO LET— FURNIKHED.
CAPP 614 — Flat of five sunny completely fur-
nlsh'ed rooms, - piano, gas and coal range.
Call between 10 and 5.* . .* • . .
FLATS FOR SALE— -FURNISHED.
FOR sale, cheap, 6-room corner flat; nicely fur.
nlshed; rent $30; fine location. 724 Franklin.
A" NEWLY furnished flat of 6 rooms for sale;
:. cheap. . 156 Eddy st. ' /- ¦¦- . - •
JONES, 906 — Departure; furnished flat of 7
rooms and bath: a good investment.
FURNISHED flat wanted by a small family;
¦a completely furnished, coxy, sunny, modem
flat of six or seven rooms nnd bath ln best
locality. Box 2815. Call office. ¦ V
- .FINANCIAL. . ' .-' '
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
floated. .W.-H. ¦BITTNER. Lawyer and Fl-
nancial Arent, 322 Emma Spreckels bidg.-*
..-'•¦' ".'. t".' *T ACIAI. . MASSAGE. . ' . ' '' ¦'¦ ;J
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, tew method; BOc. M. LUTON. monl-
' curing parlors. TiH Larkin st. ; phone Polk 17.
FURNITURE WANTED. -
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdae. L. H.
BURP, auctioneer. 1818 Mkt-.te'. Howard 2760.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44S2,
buys rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT S. F. Employment Bureau. 17 Fourth «t. —
Housekeeper for 1, Frultvale, $15 found; girl
for light housework ¦ for 2. ln Oakland, $25
. found ; dining-room : girl for I institution, $*A>
i found;:- girl- for housework. 4 adults, -city.
¦ $25 found;, nurse girl, : city, refs., . $20 found;
• 2 girls for : light housework, city,' $15 found ;
"elderly .woman, assist ln housework,- city, $10
' found. -. 8. F. - Employment \ Bureau. Phone
"¦'.¦ Grant ¦' 28.. - yyV :,:: -,i ¦.•.':¦....'•¦' ¦]¦/¦ ¦-•-«';
A CHAMBERMAID, hotel, $20.-\nurse. ' lnstltu-
; tlon. $20; cook, .$40; second- girl.- $25; nurae,'
$25; houeeglrl. $30. Mrs. Norton. 313 Sutter.
WANTED — A woman who is an expert hair-
dresser," understands shampooing, : manicur-
ing, etc.: salary $12 to ?15 1 week; state
age, experience. ; etc. Apply, box 2816. ' Call.
GIRL for Alameda; care for child -2 years old
and assist In upstairs work; wages $20. Box
2S26,'Call. j . - ,
BUSINESS CHANCES.' ; :
R. G. WILKE. Real Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years), 26ft Kearny
¦t, rooma 9 and 10.
A $1600 COFFEE ealoon and restaurant on
the water front cloee to Market at; 'dally
receipts about $65: business clearing $300 per
month: trial given: a splendld,offer: Investi-
gate at once. See R % G. WIIJCE. 26*4
Kearny st. • * '
A— $3500; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
ln Point Richmond; rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
company: owner never clears less than $300
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26 H
Kearny st ~" >¦%.
A— $900; SALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
nirhed rooms; 3 Iron bedsteads ln each room;
2V£ years' lease; rent $35; rooms alone pay
S70 per month and saloon doing a good busl-
nets. See R.' G. WJLKE. 26~^ Kearny st
A— $350^ EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good
business; must be sold at once on account
of sicknecs tn owner's family. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny at.
A— $1800; HALF Interest ln one of the best
corner saloons on water front; lease; dis-
agreement of partners cause of sale; will
veil whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE.
26 Vt Kearny'st,
A— $1250; CORNER saloon on Fourth St., close
to S. P. frelKht sheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen; a good paying business. See
R. O. WILKE. 26 M, Kearny st
A — $600; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; rent S22; business clears "above $100
per • month: llvintr rooms: value in sight
Call R. G. WILKH. 26"^ Kearny st
A— $2000: 6AI/OON on Kearny st. about 2
blocks from Chronicle building; place estab-
lished years and. doing a good business; or
one Gartner will sell his Interest for $1000;
disagreement cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26"^ Kearny st. |
A— $1200; COFFEE ealoon and bakery; close to
. Phelan building; a good paying business,
but must be sacrificed on account of owner
being sick In hosnltal. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st '
A— $3250; LEADING saloon on Market and
Mason sts. ;• net rent $150; lease with priv-
ilege of 6- years more; value In sight Call
R. G. WILKE. 20Vi Kearny st.
A— 4C50; "CIGAR etand en Montgomery st ; a
$700 cigar stand on Ellis St.; stock af In-
voice; a $200 cttrar stand on Third st. : stock
at invoice; a $400 cigar stand on Eddy st,
stc«k at Invoice. Call R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearny rt. ¦
A— $1250- COFFEE saloon on Geary st: rent
$46. R. O: WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
'in Monterey County, with 6 acres of land,
dwelling house, slaughter house, shop fix-
tures -boiler tanks, etc. ; 8 horses, wagons
and a well established trade; this is a nrst-
class business proposition. All particulars,
R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable busi-
ness opening in San Francisco? If so, we can
" offer you any number requiring an investment
from $100 to $30,000; every business oppor-
tunity that passes through our office must
ettind the closest investigation, and we can-
place you ln a store, factory, notel. ' mill, of-
fice, or, ln fact, any business you may prefer;
kindly call and Investigate.
•GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A^ MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you deeire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with on active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. 'Emma Spreckels building.
A — GENERAL MERCHANDISE
STORE FOR SALE; a nice, clean stock. In
the best town in California; invoice about
$4000; low rent; long lease.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $5000 can
secure partnership in established business in
. this 'city and take, charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market et.
~" '. A RARE OPPORTUNITY.
A — $250 cash and services eecure interest In
established office business paying $25 weekly;
experience not necessary; simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st:
A. STENBERG CO.. Phone Black 6892.
7S3U- Market at
We have for sale at their value a few
greceries, restaurants, bakeries, saloons,
candy, cigars.
STORES. STORES.
A. STENBERO CO.. 783% Market st
FOR eale — Delicatessen store; fine lunch room;
near Market rt.; cheap rent; 7 furnished
rooms: evervthlnc complete. A. STENBERG
CO.. 7S3% Market st
ADVERTISER wishes to invest $10,000. with
services. In sound, paying business; nothing
epeculatlve or experimental: particulars nec-
essary to insure attention. Box 2091, Call.
MUST sell; going East to settle estate; clears
$125 a month; make an offer; experience un-
necessary; business suitable for young man
and wife. 517 Eighth St., Oakland.
A — WORKINGMAN'S boarding-house; good lo-
cation: low rent: steady boarders; no agents.
Box 2803. Call office. '
$15 WEEKLY; steady man with $150 wanted;
light work. MARIN CO.. 235 Kearny st.
FOR sale — Shoe store; 3 living rooms; must be
sold account of sickness. 376 Fourth st.
FOR SALE — A well established harness busi-
ness in the thriving city of Chlco. For p*r-
. tlculars call on L. D. STONE A CO.. 417
Market et. or write to box 2C3. Chlco.
GROCERY business; 3 rigs; doing % cash busi-
ness of $150 a day: will sell at Invoice; no
bar. ' Box 2093. Call.
$10 A DAY average assured by the Rockton
race system for people who have hard horse
sense. Box 3455. Call. '
WANTED — A man with $500 for half Interest
ln good paying business; paying $300 month-
ly. Address box 4570,. Call office.
8-ROOM house; new furniture; full; boarders;
n.ear Jefferson Square. Box 2802, Call.
FOR Bale — Cigar stand; owner ln bad health
caute of selling. 053 Howard at.
FOR sale — Shoemaker's shop; established 11
years. 11 City Hall ave.
GROCERY and bar for sale; price $1500.
Washington Brewery, Taylor and Lombard.
FOR eale — A large, well-paying bakery; short
distance from city. Box 4706, Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best ln America. — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
LODGING-HOUSES FOlt SALE.
"~~~~~~ MARION GRIFFIN. 1
. MARION GRIFFIN.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MARION GRIFFIN. 1
[Room 406, Examiner Building.]
Phone Black 3007. Take elevator to 4th floor.
LARGE, new, - elegantly furnished bouse; cost
$8000;' will sell for amount of mortgage; poa-
.ltively. a forced sale: easy terms; clears $300
a riicnth; $1500 /cash necessary. »
S MARION GRIFFIN. ]
HOTEL with bar; 68 rooms; great sacrifice;
only $2100; dining-room seats 100* electric
lights; newly furnished. MARION GRIFFIN.]
PARTLY furnished 20- room house; satiny side;
north of Market; If you nave furniture ln
storage make proposition to
- . MARION GRIFFIN. ]
YOU can make $10,000 per year in a certain
ultra-fashionable apartment-house;- exclu-
Blvely for gale by MARION GRIFFIN. ]
WE can show you a swell rooming-bouse, em-
inently respectable, fur 112.000. frcm which
$6000 Is banked yearly. MARION GRIFFIN.}
JOBS at $3. per day at home are scarce; .we
know of one; price ($1050) Includes 17-room
house. MARION GKIFFIN. ]
NEtV building; 30 rooms elegantly furnished;
clears $150 month; lease; easy terms.
MARION GUIFFIN. )
DARING, ability and $4500 will yield a profit
of $500 monthly right here ln this city.
Before you invest elsewhere you'd better go
and see MARION GRIFFIN. ]
A VERT elegant new modern downtown house
. of &0 rooms, net and cold water, electric el-
evator, steam heat; in splendid neighborhood;
contiguous to the theaters, the best restaur-
ants and the leading retail establishments of
Ean Francisco; the : furnishings are of the
best, consisting of oak. enameled Iron and
braes beds; Brussels and Axmlnster carpets
and elegant hangings; lease for 9 years;
clears $400 a month; terms can be arranged.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Hearst building.
SEE P
•T. E. TETLOW. *¦/,*
Phone Folsom 2957.'
1023 Market St.. between 6th and 7th,
For hotels, rooming-houses and business
chances; any part of the city.
A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Neas ave.:
room* always occupied and flrst-claas patron-
age. See R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st'
ELEGANT corner flat. 8 rooms. Western Ad-
dition; rent $35; cheap. $900; large list of
houses, 6 to 200 rooms. EITEL b CARROLL,
212 Kearny st
DENTISTS.
DR GRtJss^6O4^a Callaghan bidg.. Market
and McAllister iU.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without. pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office. ..
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 14*3 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charce.for extracting when plates ara
made; old. plates made over like new; teeth
-from $8 per eel; extracting SOc: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings. SOc;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and war-
! ranteU. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings Joe.
GOLD flllines; 75c; silver. -15c: crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.HewUt.204 Sutter.
EDUCATIONAL.
TlEALD'S BUSINESS COLLiGET^TpOSTis^
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night cessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course in all depart-
• ments; handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening geaslons. .
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larktn «t
"A thorough school" ; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods: Individual ln-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.;
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening wesslons. Phelan bidg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost Institution of the kind In th« entire
West: 12 teachers; nend for catalogue. Na-
tl-re Sons* bidg.. 414 Mason st. x
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1864. Van
der Nallltn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines A Electrlcity.24 Poet
st, 6. F.; a practical echool of engineering;
| complete equloment. Special catalogue free.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236
Market «t— Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day eves., Teutonla Hall. Howard st, nr.
9th. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall. 840 Geary St.; call 2 to 5.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlaslon. nr. 6th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. '2200 Flllmore.
GEORGeT'aOKI. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. TeL Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office," 415
. Stockton; tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Henry Housecleaning Co. Tel.
James 165L' 260^ Brannan st.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
; Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1987. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A NEAT American girl, first-class cook; best
city references. MRS. NORTON, 313. gutter.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to take care
of a child In the day time; go home e\'en-
ings; references.' Please call or address 382
: Fifth st, downstairs. _
RESPECTABLE woman; is a good cook; with
a respectable American family; will go a
short distance in country; can give good
references, 794 Folsom at. -
A MIDDLE-AGED woman "wants a situation;
light housework or care of dining-room and
kitchen; a good plain cook; car fare; wages
$20. 545 Minna st.
A RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation
for cooking and general housework; H years
last place. Please call a£ 308 Vlcksburg at.
WANTED — By refined, capable woman, a posi-
tion as working housekeeper; best of refer-
ences. Box 2S19, Call office'. *
AN elderly German woman wishes position; li
a good cook; 'references; small wages. Box
2090. Call office. ¦'¦ ,
RELIABLE young girl wishes position as gen-
eral housework and cooking; American fami-
' ly; wagen $20. 610 Van Ness ave.
A COMPETENT laundress and house cleaner
wants work: $1 per day; references. Box
2311. Call office. / r
A RESPECTABLE elderly woman would like a
• situation | to assist , doing housework, city or
country. Bex 2810. Call . office.
WANTED — A situation; a tood cook; refer-
ence; Is willing to go In the country; wages
S30 to $3g. 2622 Bush St.
A YOUNG girl would like work in bakery.
Call at 342 Fifth st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants a Job at house-
work. Call at 1832 Powell st.
•A MIDDLE-AGED woman • wants a situation,
, as housekeeper or light housework for a sn.all
family or will take charge of dining-room and
kitchen: good plain cook; wage* $20; car-
¦• fare.' 645 Minna st. -
GOOD cook; will do plain washing; also young
girl to do upstairs work or take care of chil-
dren; references. . Apply 1314 Jessie st.,.near
Herman. • ' • " '
A LADY would like to take ; rhorge of a
rooming-house of about 25 rooms; will do all
the work; salary -$35 and room. . Address
J. H. S.V box 2988. Call.
A LADY would like a place to do general
housework or would go out ¦ by tliV day.
" 2738 Bryant st. .' . ¦¦ " . -. . *
A-' YOUNG girl, very fond . of children and
willing, speaks German and English, wishes
y situation; please state wages. Box 2805, Call.
POSITION* wanted by respectable • lady as
housekeeper in widower's family; first-class
references. Box 8D9. Call office, Oalcland.'
NORWEGIAN, girl wishes a place at general
housework In an American -family. 216%
Sanchez at., near Fifteenth.^ . -
WOMAN, with -a child > wishes place aslaun-
' dress or : housework • for ¦: small family; wages
$25. 424 Tenth st. , : . ,-
"WANTED by capable middle-aged lady posi-
tion as housekeeper' .widower's family VTt~
f erred. , , MRS. J:. box 4735. Call. '-¦'.¦.'
WANTED — By a* young-/" refined, highly edu-
cated lady position 'as companion; best of
references. Box 3462. Call. ¦' . ' .- -—
WANTED — Children's sewing at i. home; yis a
first-class plain sewer on all ¦ garment*; can
furnish references. .;.' 402 , Eighth ' st" ¦ ' *.;. .':;¦:
A COMPETENT good cook with best city ref-
. erences; wages $30 to $35. Box 2806. Call. ;
A" FIRST-CLASS laundress * wishes work ; - by
.the day; call, for 3 days. 77 Ninth st.
WANTED- Work by I'} the ' day. washing or
. ; housecleanlng ; please call. '•'.. tSIB Fc.lsom st.
PLAIN sewing; $1 60 per day. 2246 Central
ave.. Alameda; ; phono Eagle * 1053. I -\ " • .
•WANTads 'and ; subscriptions taken . for ¦ The
Call at Eaton's Baaaar, B33 McAllister st
THE^CALL
J-Qgatf p. gp-KECTerrGg. Proprietor.
itttKS CCEltllcatlClS.tO JOHN KcHAOGHT, MaMgg
W. J. MARTIN BysineEs Manager.
TELEPHONE.
«k*k ror THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
I Publication Office Market and Thtrd, S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson et
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cta. Pef Week. 75
.Cts. Per Month, Bingle-Coples 6 Cents.
Tenne by Mall, Including Postage (Cash With
Order) : •
DAILY CALL Unctud. Sunday). 1 Year.... $8.00
DAILY CALL' (Includ. Sunday), 6 mbs 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month. .:...-.... 75e
SUNDAY CALL, 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year 100
P ORP u<v i pally... $S.8O Per Year Extra
PO^TACF Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. | weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
' ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZEL
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.'
' Mall subscribers ln ordering change of ad-
dress ehould be. particular xo give bjoth NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS ln order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their, re-
. Quest " • '•¦.¦'¦.
' . OAKLAND OFFICE.
•1118 Broadway, Telephone Main 2083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
"• 2148 Center Street Telephone -North 77
•.'WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1406 O Street N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:-
'.. ¦ •Wa.ldorf-Anoria Hotel ; A. • Brentano. 31
• Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel;- Flfth-hve-
. .nue Hotel and H6ffman House.
¦ .'" • CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
• Hotel; Pilsner House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C- GEORGE. KROGNESS...Marquette BullSlng
-. '(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.") •
'• '. NEW YORK. REPRESENTATIVE:
,Ttl'J_*H_a* B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
' ' NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
.C." C: CARLTON.. t Herald Square
' .BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Frariclsco
. • Call, corner Market and Third etreets; open
UBU1 12 o'clock e\-ery night ln the year.
. . BRANCH OFFICES:
*;*10CS Market etreet; open until 11 p: m.
C*J7 .Montgomery street, corner Cla"y; open un-
til. S3" d. m.
' 3C0 Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. *
CIS LarkJn street; open until 9:30 p. m.
2261 Market «treet, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 d. is. !
1^6 Eleventh street; -open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast comer Church and Duncan streets;
" cpen until 9 d. m. - • .
. Northwest corner' of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: 'open until 9 p. m. •
2gQrt Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
, THE. CALL'S CALENDAR.
. • '-'¦': December, 1903.
• £. I M. j- T. | W. j T. I F. S. Mooi's Phases
IZZlZlZJIELlLEIi ©"TdJcT*
: 'L_J_ij_fli_i!__ 1 .UL iL ff U.iQr.,
¦•• 13 ! 14 { 15 | 1« ( 17 i 18 |' 19 & Dec. IL
27 i 28 j 29 j SO I 31 f / -^ First Qr..
1 ! j— -) 1 1 J Dec. 26.
v ' MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2, R. and S. _
¦ . M.. will meet THIS (WEDNESDAY) yj*s
• EVENING. December 2, at 8 o'clock.
. ''. for business and degrees. Election '
¦and installation of officers. By order of the
' T. I. M. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge of Perfection No. _
. . 10, *A. and A. S. R.. 625 Sutter st. — VV
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) A^\
EVENING at 8 o'clock. Fourth de-
• gre«: All brethren of the. Rite cordially In-
vited. By order of the V. M.
CHARLES JELLINEK. Secretory.
. MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F. and m
• '. A M. — Annual stated meeting THIS VY
EVENING at 7:30 /V\
¦« o'clock. Election of officers.
• THEO FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. B
¦ M —Annual meeting" and election cf TTTT
• oTflcere THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- /V\
.'.ISti at 7;30 o'clock. By order oT the ¦
W. M. R. II. McPHERSON. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. I (56. F., and A. O
• M. — Annual stated meeting and elee- YY
tlon of officers THIS (WEDNESDAY) /V\
. EVENING. • December 2. at 7:30
o'clock. . H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MORSE Lodge No. 257, I. O. O. F.
— '"irf.rerf end rneiy.hers are no;i- j?«S39s^fe
fled lh» Gra:i<1 M»F!»r will vl5lt-^~^BKH»5j
this -lodg* THIS EVENING. De- *wrrX*^
cember 2. Initiation and election of officers.
All members are requested' to be present.
Visitors cordially invited.
W. H. FELDCAMP. N. G.
C. BRIND. Rec. Sec.
NATIONAL Union. Calif or- _^gS *»—— »v
r.!« Council, meets TO-
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. *^* " ""^W
Fourth et.. at 8 o'clock. .
Vleitlng friends cordially Invited; Initiation.
By order. E. A. M. GILBERT. President
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
SERVIAN Montenegrin L. and B.
Society — Officers 'and members; VLKD
> ->u ere hrreby notified to attend fOSSXii
The regular m^etlrg THIS ftS^PHH
(WEDNESDAT) EVENING. De- KSsflS'S
rpraber 2. ft 7:30 o'clock. Fharp. LS£j«S2>5
at 909 Market «. Nomination of BsSJ *\a
officers for the enduing year will iB»; §y
take place. By order of
J. E. KUKAVIZA. President.
M. O. STANISICH. Secretary.
AUSTRIAN. Benevolent Society— The s-tf^..
rrirular quartrrly mwtlr.p will be fi-^JfeS
held 8t 413 Sutter et. on WEDNES-
DAY EVENING. December 2. 1903.
at 7:30 sharp: appropriations and donations,
nomination of efficers for the ensuing year
and other very Important business will be
transacted; all members who have not signed
the petition en consolidation are requested
to do eo at this meeting. Fines for non-at-
tendance will be strictly enforced. By or-
der of AUG. MIKULICH. President.
DBTCVITT W. TOLL. Recording- Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best ln America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. Bent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for ' $1,
postage paid. • ¦
AGENTS "WANTC-P.
WE hare a very attractive offer for subscrip-
tion representatives ln the Pacific Coast
States. Address 59 Columbian bidg.. S. F.
r ATTOHXEY8.AT.LAW.
~~~ W. H. BITTNElC '
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Pnone South 743.
Bttlt 322. Emma Bpreckels building'
Divcroti quietly and legally obtained for
eight caares; Itmuri secured for injuries u>"
peraoo or ectatc: reslevlna for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garnish-
cents for lebu; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made In all parts of the U. B.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a •mall fee.
S *t m **T* B *L£*££. mon ' y: no P* 1 * ln advance.
O. W. HOWK. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
E»'fcbll*he(5 22 J r». ; ran. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5, i.*t ft.
1122 Market rt., between Haion and Taylor.
Aovtce free, all matter*. Detectiveg employed.
AA— THE Legal Advlaory. Inc.; reliable attor-
neys; practice ln all courts; attachments dl-
vcrce. ecUtes, bankruptcy, probate. # 61L
MIA. BUB Croesley bidg., N. E. cor. New
Montgomery and Mission ets.; tel. John 2924.
n. W. KINO. Attorney-at-jAw, Exam blfig.
«th floor, entrance room 611: established 20
years: all cases; genera! court and of nee
practice: no fee in advance or for ronsu'ita-
tlon: evening* by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free— I will advance cost hj meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all oth*r law
cooea; no Jeer tn advance; open every *ven-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st. r. 11.
" ADVICE FREE^ "
Columbian Law and Collection Agency
Room 85. 816 Market rt.: tel. John C228.
DIVORCE costs «12; quick and quiet: open
evenings. Examiner building, room 315.
DIVORCE coeU $12; open evenings; tenants
ejected. (5. 916 Market. r.C2;phone Black C51.
DIVORCE — Costs. *12; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenlnars. 927 Market ct. r. 301.'
L. 8. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bidg.. »27 Mar.
, ket rt. : consultation free; no fees ln advance.
ADVICE tree; no charge unless suceessful; all
lsw butlse—. W. W. Davidson. 827 Market
; ' BIROS, DOGS. ETC.
WAHBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
ktnds of cong and fancy birds: goldfish, eoed
cages, etc. Give us a trial; we will -please
yon. 1646 Market at. ¦ •
COTTAGES TO LET.
CORNER etinny. furnltbed six-room cottage.
IMS Stelner «t; call 12 to 2 p. m.
LODGING HQTUSES__f6r^ SALE-—Com. ;
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming houses, hotels and all
kinds of business chances.
23 r.. near Market; lease: well fur.; $600^^
down $2250
60 r.; rent $300; Market: clears $300 mo. 3000
7 r.. Van Ness; rent $22 50; nice little
home ;... 225
20 r. ; new, rood., elegantly furnished.. 2500
11 r.; rent $60; new, fine fur.; clears $47 830
9 r.; Ellis; rent $35: fine home; snap.. 050
68 r.; cheap rent; clears $300 to $400;
money-maker 8500
30 r.; rent $95; good fur.; clears $100. . 2000
12 r. ; rent $40; close In; well fur.; sacri-
fice - 600
8 r. ; up. flat: everything mod.; departure i50
3 r.; rent $20; cor. flat; Leavenworth;
snap ••• 225
43 r. ; cor. ; rent $1SO; apartments well
furnished • • 4000
lti r.; new house; furniture; clears $80. 2500
8 r.; rents $50: modern: finely furn 500
22 r.; rent $80; leatf; newly renovated;
clears *100 1850
9 r.; Geary; elegantly fur.; beautiful - .
home; departure • • 650
11 r.; Eddy; rent $50; well fur.; clears $38 750
34 r.; fine; downtown; transient; makes
big money 3200
8 r.; rent $42; modern flat; elegant fur.;
sickness • • 400
14 r. ; rent $75; oak fur.; good carpets 900
.12 r,: c!c»« m; well fur.; bargain 1100
18 r. ; fine corner; new and elegantly fur. 2250
HEADQUARTERS FOR LODGING-HOUSES.
C. E. HINKLEY,
1020 MARKET ST., OPP. FIFTH.
PHONE MINT 796.
Carriage for Customers. . -
CLEAR TITLES GUARANTEED.
BUYER AND SELLER PROTECTED.
13 roomsj Mission St.; rent « $50 $550
29 rooms; rent $55; snap 1200
J9 rooms; housekeeping; clears $27 200
12 rooms; north of Market: rent $40 500
11 rooms; Eddy et; rent $50 600
60 rooms; transient; liquor license 2700
8 rooms: Post st. ; rent $32: only 250
9 rooms; Eutter st.; 3 unfurnished 350
20 rooms; rent "TOO; 2*4 years' lease; offer.
GRAND CORNER, 100 ROOMS; first floor
office; lease; low rent; clears $500 monthly;
some country transient. See this first-class
proposition. HINKLEY, 1020 Market st. >
20 ROOMS: new: rent only $90; 3 years' , lease ;
clears $100; good carpets: oak furniture;
every room sunny; large yard. HINKLEY,
1020 Market st. • *
MODERN apartment-house, 44 rooms; rent
$240; guaranteed to clear $200; 3 and 4 nxvm
apartments; elegantly furnished. See my
agent. C. ,E. HINKLEY. .
120 ROOMS; rent less than $5 a room: up to
date in every respect; finely furnished; books
open; clears ?350 to $400 monthly; $00b0;
part cat h. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
HORTON & TRUBODY. the Pioneers,
6 Eddy et., room 100.
' S5 rooms; rent $2.60 per room: new building;
new carpets, well furnished; light and sunny; !
clears $200; price $4000. •
$1500 cash; 111 health cauae; 100 rooms; $"500;
cheap rent; long lease; corner on Market; a
money-maker and rare bargain.
36-room family boarding-house; corner; clear-
ed $3000 laet 12 months: llghj and sunny; a
beautiful home; nice garden; north of Market.
20 rooms; transient; clears ; $200 month; i
$1SOO.
23 rooms; transient: $2250; $800 cash. HOR- :
TON &. TRUBODY, 6 "Eddy st; phone James
5386. ' ¦
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evana, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; 'stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy St., nr. Octavia; phone Scott 887.
MRS. L. HODGSON. 148 Sixth st, circles WedT,
Thure., Fri. and Sat. Readings daily, 10 to 5.
Seer Egyptian, Hindoo occult; reads dally; cir-
cles Wed.. Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m. ' 540 Ellla st.
MRS. A. R. 8MITH of Portland. 706 Polk st.
room 26. The Gladstone, corner Eddy st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— PAUL DESTINE.
The Flr*t Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever ln San Francisco.
Read Carefully. An Honeat Proposition.
No Charge. No Charge
Unless you obtain the Information for which
you consult me.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to j
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart Is true
Or. false; tell who and when you wlll-fnarry; ln
fact. I will tell every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I reunite the
separated, restore lost affections, cause speedy
and happy marriage, give you good luck, re- '
store lost energy; 10 a. tn. to 8 p. m. : Sun. 2-6.
326 O'Farrell St.; low fee this week— $1. $1. $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium. . perma- '
nently located at 17 Third et., next Examiner j
bidg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an '
accurate description of the past reveals the
present happenings and portrays events ' to
occur ln the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied in life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this rreat medium and you -will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice ln nil af-
fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; reading by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
A— PRESIDENT DIAZ ~
OF MEXICO says:
"You have demonstrated to what perfection
your studies ln this science have been car-
ried."
L— I— V— O— R— N— O. .
THE WORLD- RENOWNED PALMIST
AND CRYSTAL GAZER,
34 KEARNY STREET,
Over Hammersmith '& Field's. Tel. Black 2433.
E7See portrait of Mme. Llvorno and orig-
inal testimonials at entrance.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st, cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as ln person; 3 questions answered, $1:
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
10c J 10c .10o
THE ORIGINAL ROMANY GYPSY QUEENS.
The only real fortune^ tellers: your past,
present and future an open book; and they
tell It truly: no fairy talcs, no faking; come
and see them.
285 Geary st.. near Powell.*- .N^i
' 10c 10c 10c
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c! for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
COME AND HAVE YOUR LIFE READ '
BY MRS. DR. E. SANDERS. '.';
And Learn Mental Telegraphy.
418 Post St.; hours 10 to 8.
MME. VEINA, wonderful trance medium and
card reader; Just returned from long ab-
sence. 406 Geary, near Mason, room 1.
MME. MARSEAU. clairvoyant, card reader:
ladies. 25 cents; gents. 60 cents; hours, 1 to
9. 545 Minna st. . , .;¦
- » * ' ¦
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 28c up. 5 4th St., near Market.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
names; L.60c;G. $1. 714 Franklin. nr.G.Q.ave.
.MME. JACQUES, clairvoyant and palmist;
readings daily. 939 Eddy, right-hand bell.
MISS WARD sives names, dates and facts;
hours. 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. 413 Mason; no sign
OL P,? S^ lady P 3110 '" and card reader in city.
26H Remmy. room 20; ladles 25c, gents 60c.
MRS. 6HAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit"
dally. 448% Jessie et., btt. 5th and 6th.
*?*: K £ffj T . ' ' BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR compressed, dry, tee cold, Is now univer-
sally used ln sanitary cleaning carpets on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod^
2?i?:« A J? pl^ S -' F ' COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 6237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
- send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
tng Works. 355-357 Tehama at. ; tel. South 40. .
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rtson St.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.. tel. Mission 4ftl
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop*! ,
RUDOLPH * CO.," carpet-beating works; pricea
- reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave: telephone East 126. r ;
\ COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected lor $4; 'collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 6586.
• CREDIT CLOTKIEKS.
C. F. ADAMS CO. ; : 7 " ¦".'¦ .- ¦•".".
SPECIAL CREDIT 'STORE. . j . .
We clothe the whole family from hats to
choes; everything up 1 to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 818 Maacn st
BUY your suits and overcoats at LICHTEnI
STEIN BROS., 25 Stockton st, on amall
weekly payments; ' goods delivered on first
payment. ,' . • ¦. ; - .
_ -' . CUBES B*tTPTTJR*e.
WHO DOES ITT. HUNTER. 12W6 Market «t
Send for circular. - Why will you . witter?
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDIONrr-unbursTaT knife pla}ung7stewT
art's button A buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor. •
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
, Patterns cut to measure ; eve. class.* 1010 Mrku
| HE^
WANTED-3 cooks. $35; 2 parlor maids, $30;
cook, 10 people, ranch, $30; cook. 5 adults,
country. $33; 3 second girls, $20, $25 and $30;
second girl,- Salinas. $25; chambermaid and
waiting, country, $25: chambermaM. $2O:
dishwasher. $«, sleep home: housekeeper. 1
man, $2<>. set party 10 o'clock: 3 laundresses,
$30, i-ity* and country; waitresses. $5 and $8
week; oormltcry girl, J20; 3 nurse girls. $20-"
$25r ilinlng-room girl, woman's club. $19. and
44 general housework girls, city and country,
$2O-$25-$3Q. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
. CO.. 334 Suttcr Et. ¦•-"¦...•<
A — WANTED — Girls to learn balsdreealng.
manicuring, etc.*: trade taught from* A to £
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at SI0 per week up: leading school in
West. :.'33 Geary st.. room 13. , . ; '
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring «ea-
, son; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month /or $10; pceitlons as trimmers.
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 par.yk.\up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 1-i.
A — LADIES to learn -II branches halrdresstog ;
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 1230 Mar- I
ket st. cor. Jones, room V4; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class: call.
BEWING MACHINE OPERATOR8 AND RIV-
ETERS ; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS tt CO.'iT
FACTORIES, 32V4 FREMONT ST. AND U7J
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home evenipgs or spare time and return to.us;
no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly earned;
materials free; enclose self-addressed envelope
for particulars. "Guarantee Co., No. W4 Ninth
St.. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — In Rosa Valley, young woman.
general housework; 2 In family; wages $25;
• also young girl to assist with child; wages
$10. Apply 1210 Jackson St.. Wednesday
from 10 to 12. ; car fare. •
WANTED — German girl for upstairs work and
cars of baby: wages $20 to $25. Call 0 to
10:30 a. m.. 517 Buena Vista ave.; Halght-
st. car, get off at Central ave.
WANTED — Experienced woman for housework
and cookinsr. Apoly or write 2103 Clinton
ave., Alameda. ; wages *25.
EXPERIENCED saleslady ln ladles' aryi ch!l-
dren's wear. MARKS BROS., 106 Sixth st.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. * MARKS
BROS.. 1220 Market at.-
GIRL for general housework: good plain .cook;
plain cooking: 3 in family. 2612 Larkin; $20.
GIRL wanted to do dining-room and chamber-
work ln small boarding-house. 573 Ellis st.
WANTED— A girl with reference for house-
work and cocking: family 4. 726 Flllmore.
A BRIGHT apprentice girl at dressmaking:
good opportunity. 3212 Twenty-fourth st.
RAPID and competent crocheters wanted at
1513 Ellis st. ; steady work. Call, Immediately.
YOUNG girl to take out 4-year-old child7~aa-
slst with light housework. 1664 Page >t
GOOD girl to assist ln housework. Call at
3100 Jackson st.
WANTED — A polisher and neck band lroner;
also a body lroner. 3372 Mission st.
A GIRL for general housework and cooking.
wages $30; 6 ln family;, references requlitd.
2010 Laguna st.
TALENTED a\nateur performers! Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furufshed. Jil*»
M. O. Barrett Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office of Th« Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELP 'WANTED — MALE.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 — Sacramento st. — 520.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldeedorff »t
CHICO— BUTTE CO.— HALF FARE— Ship
to-night — 30 teamsters. $2 25 and $2 SO." ship
to-night: 10 laborers. $2 25; 10 laborers, do
llttl* teaming. $2 25. cheap fare; 5 miners.'
couth, cheap fare. $75 to $90; 8 tunnelmen,
part free fare, $60 and found: 4 tunnelmen.
free fare, $75; 5 tunnelmen. $82 50; 8 farm-
ers and, plow teamsters. $26 and $30 and
found; 4 milkers, bosses here to-day, $30 and
$35 and found; cooks.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
K9 Third" st. — Woodsmen; 2 timber fellers,
redwood. $63 and board; 2 buckers. $50 and
board; 3 lumber pliers. $50 a month; 6 coal
miners for Oregon. $1 per ton. 6-foot vein.
fare advanced, ship to-day. California Em-
ployment Agency, 59 Third st.
BUTLER. $33 and found: porter and chore-
man. $20 and found; fruit farmer and wife,
$45 and found; gardeners, $25 to {30 and
found; hotel cook, country. $40 and found;
boarding-house ccok. $40 and found, and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento.
AMALGAMATOR; one who can run gasoline
engine. CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third st
WANTED — For U. 8. army, able-bodied, un-
married men, between ages of 21 and 35, citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate hablta. who can speak, read and
write English. For Information a'pply to Re-
cruiting Officer. RUlto building. New Mont,
gomery rt.. San Francisco, or Masonic build-
ing. Sacramento. • Cal.
TEN young men to assist In advertlslnz de-
partment a couple of hours a day ln ex-
change for their education. California Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkin st.
FINE coat, vest and pants makers wanted.
Apply between 10 and 11 a. m- to the Steven-
son-st entrance of CHAS. LYONS, London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
WANTED — Competent, reliable man for porter
and Janitor; permanent position to satisfac-
tory man; state age, experience, references
and wages desired. Address box 2S20, Call.
YOUNG men everywhere copy letters home
evenings; $9 SO week. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept W4.
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
GOVERNMENT position* — Call at room 14.
fifth floor, '305 Larkin st. for. free Informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.;
day or evenings.
TRY. our men's shoe*, union made, at $1 and
$1 DO per pair, foot- form shoee at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoe*. $3 50; best shoe* on earth. 11
Third rt. Exam. bids;.. 5 doors from Market
WANTED — Young man who Is a first-class
dress goods salesman. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Elderly man as porter . In a res-
taurant: must be active and have references.
Apply IS East st.
DRUGGIST: an elderly or married man. Ap-
ply the Rex Pharmacy, Nineteenth and Cas-
tro sts., between 2 and 5 p. m.
HOTEL clerk. $40. Address C J. W.. box
2824. Call office.
WANTED — Boy to run errands. Apply 108
Pine st.. upstairs.
WANTED — Barber Wednesday evening, Satur-
day and Sunday. 1025 Howard st
WANTED — Schoolboy to carry papers. Apply
' 315 Grant ave., between 3 and 4 p. m.
WANTED — Platen pressman: steady Job. 10©
California st.
YOUNG mec wrappers. Apply superintendent's
office. Emporium.
BARBERS— I would . like to buy a 2-chalr
barber shop. Box 3458. Call office.
TRY our men's chocs, 'union made, at $1 aad
«$1 00 pair; foot-form shoes at $3 50; w« pay
express or mill charges. 11 3d st. Exam. bid.
IF you are not satisfied with your salary, we
have an opening whereby you can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly; gentlemanly occupation;
good address, business knowledge necessary.
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 19. Columbian bid.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing, good sur-
geon; positively no other; must be between
40 and 55 and good case taker; no traveling;
salary about $150. Box 4717. Call office.
BARBER trade taught ln one month, new
method. Western Collere of Barbers, room
111. No. 6. Eddy st. fifth floor. . ¦
BOY- in real estate office: live reference. Ad-
¦ dress box 2C96. Call office. .
TWO-CHAIR barbershop for sale. 2 living,
rooms ln back; a snap. lVi Polk st.
JEWELER that can polish. 32S Bush St., third
floor, room 4. v
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap. WILL
& FINCK CO., 818 Market st.
WANTED — An exprlenced city drummer.
Brownstone Wine Company, 320 Market st. .
WANTED— An all around bookbinder; one who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SAN BORN. VAIL A* CO..
741 Market st.
.— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — _
MEN wanted to learn the barber trad* la two
months and secure Kood positions ; catalogue
mailed free. MOLER System OoUcs*. «u
¦ Clay «t. -- - ..
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS, 40 E11U st; 14
years' practice; references - from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Hous*.
. 817 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 6Oc per ni ght
MEN to learn barber trade: cataJocue ™tM— 1
. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40 Phelaa
bidg. Past Com. Oeo. B. Thomas Po«t.O.A.».
McDONALD ft PERRY hav* a large stock oC
> new and second-hand sboca; chemp. 239 M at. ;
—^ »
' HELP WANTED— »M ALE Contlfaqed.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
{ Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
' 19C2 we iave 1903 we'll giv» •
45.0C0 men work. .60,000 men work.
ARIZONA.
* ARIZONA.
OREGON. . NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe Systems^ free
pass .
ON EVERY* TRAIN. • ,
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen. .
•Stables. Farms. Orchard?. Dairies. .
Farm apd orchard hands. $30. $35, $40 fd.;
milkers. $30 to $3O and found. "
Stablemen, city, country jobs. $30 to $fi("i
365 woodchoiipers. X
2S7 tlemak-rs.
COOKS": WAITERS. . PORTliRS.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camf;s. mlnea and
ranches, city and country. S-'K» to $7i\ and
found; waiters, city and country. *$25*to $43
and found; butchers, different «Jobs. $40 to
$9a ¦ : * '<./;\i
MURRAY & READY. 634-636, Clay st. »
CABINETMAKERS. $3 50 DAY..
Striper and letterer. all-round, painter. $3 day
2 coatmaken, $o»i>er coat.* • ' ..
Married farmer. $45 and house; 2 boyst leara* #
painting. $3. . •
Tinsmith. $.1 tfi *:! 50 da>i-
KJT: MEXICO— FREE TARE.
Carriage trimmer, *bsss here. J • .? .¦ :
(Jang edgerinan,* "lumber co., north, $65 ti.
Coal miners. Oregon, free fare.
Teamster, ti hors?s. • lumber comBany. road •
work. ?35 foi*nd". ¦-. i . . . '
6 boys, leam .trades. $4. J3. $«! ' '
VaJet. references required. ?4O Sound. • ', - .' •
Foreman, orcherd and vineyard. '.' ' •:
Walter, country commercial hotel. $30 found.
Sticker and matc*her hand. $3 50 day. i ',
Blacksmith- helper, Jl 6o.to $1 73*day." - ' "••,,*
Coek. city boarding-house, $50.* " • •
Tool dreseer, oil fields, t»oss here, $75 and
found.
10 TEAMSTERS, $75. . "
4 horses, fare r $2 80. fee $1: steady Job.
Colored man an* wfie r cooks, -hotel kitCJhen,
$C0, fare $3. . . .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. •
BOSSES HEP.E. ¦ ~ """*
Machine driller's. ?0O. * ..-> - '• ' '
Chuck tenders. .$«7 5O. WtZje****"
Single-hand miners, $73. . • ..'*.,-
Electric tram trolleymen. |75. , .
Amalgamator*. MH». » ' '*:.. ; .
Vannerman, .?7">:. • " : .
Reck breaker men. $73. - '.v. <T<
"Blacksmiths' ?&o. " ••
Hlnrksmiths" helpers. SC7 BO. .* • , ' "
Engineer halting runner, $t>7 50. * * " ...
ott muckers. .5'*J 50. " . • * *
Machinists. ?1<K>. • '- : --. '..'.-.
5O laborers, 5U7 5O. • • .*
MURRAY &. READY. fi34-<CS Clay st. .. '
WHY pay big pricea to have your shoes r>j..r-
soled when you can get It donn for -5c. Ad>
ant] 60c while you wait at ""•«.'« Mtsaloa il. -
bet.. 1st and 2d st».. or tl Thlrci'st.T •
WANTED— For U. 8. Marine Cjrps, *a»l**>
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 33: "
good character; must speak. r?ad acd writ* !
English: marines serve at. »»X on men-of*
war In all parts .of th« wprid. on land la ou?
liland poszeaslons. and at .naval '•tatloaa la
the United f!tat«s. App!«r at •recruiting of--'
flee. 40 Ellis St.. Fan Francisco. CaX. aa£
¦ 4fll K St.. Sncramento.- Cal.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Ma?-
ket — 70O rooms. 35c nlzht: reading * room*;
free 'bus and baerajre to and.frum ferry.
A ERANCH office of The Cq,ll for th«-rec?t>--.
tlon of advertisements anit jubscrlptlons ha.<%
been opened a»' 10C.H. MarTiaf at.. opppsi:s
Fltth. Open until 11 p. m. .• •.-•
A<LL sizes men's shoeK slightly damaged, naif '¦
price. 8KJ Mission st.. Bet. lit and 24; sts. • »j
OET yftur shoe^.ha'.f sole'd while .waif-hg>: 3CJ»
to EOc. ?&l Ml«^nn %t.. h>t..ls< and ?d.sts. /." .
HOIISES AND \yAGO.\S.!.'- :•"
SUPERIOR roadster, mare. *8' 'years',', -'seat
brown, black- pointed, 1H hands, hardy., . w^>Jl *.
broken: can pull. buggy ln«ide 3*:QO artfl show." '
about "1:35 'gait. 'Apply at ocice at L^oham'si •
stable, back of P. S. O'HOUftKE. M.V Fol- •
som St.. city, or to Juanlta.&table, &3B H#v-"
enteentn.st., Oa*k!and. '.-. '. "s •» " '
HARNESS and saddle*.' the best for th<j money. ¦
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. ine.. the bfg stor^
1145-1147 Market st. San Francisco..- •
i TOP wagon $65; coal wagon $60: wagsjfl. |3*i : . .
big horse. $65; ]ack, $100. 79 .City -H'a.11 .avp.,-' •"
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 g-jo<X. horses. ¦ •
327 glxth *U ,\ .-' '•¦.• ,
Al EXPRESS wagon, light ; !^<ragoa .
and gocart^for sale cheap. - 5.*>2 Mts^len. st. '- .'
Largest* assortmt 2-hand wagons; °b*uckb'd. sur- '¦•
rey,harne«s.worS.<trtv!ng'horse«. 13th-Valenci* .
BOUSES TO LET. . . •" •
A — PRINTED list of houses, to let"; send for cir- *
cular. O. H. UUBSB2* A CO.. 14 MontgpmfT. ."•
A— HOUSES and flats to let: in lm-aeni«.!tstt •
service absolutely free; take advantage of-
this department; tt •will save. you tittle and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 t Geary'
st., on the eqxiiire. *'.;«" * •
— '
. ¦ . ¦ .
BEFORE moving get our prtnted list of -nouse« .
to. let. BALDWIN A KOW7ELL. 23.Pbst st-
HOCSE9 WANTED.
WANTED to rent or will lease a two-stery cot-
tage ln Wegtern Addition. Box 2081.. CaU.
LOST AND FOUXD.
"LOST — $25 reward fcr return of 0x4 Eastman":
kodak lost on Southern Pacific. Stockton local
train Sunday afternoon between Sixteenth st., •
Oakland, and Oakland mole; same contains
films which are valuable to the owner. .*WII,-
SON-LYON & CO... 220 Market St., San Fran-^ •
Cisco. *;'-'-« •
LOST— A passbook with the. Hlberjjta €*avtag« . \
and Loan Society of San' Francisco, in tha '
name of ALICE L. VON.TOBEL: No.« 275-354.
The finrtfer will please return to 'bank. •
LOST — Black shepherd dog with breast and]
four feet white:- name Tip: $2 reward. Re-
turn to 1S15 Folsoni St., near Fourteen;h.
LOST — Brown water- spaniel, white Breast; * ,
Oakland license 1056; answers to Shot; re- '
ward. CHARLES SCHWEITZER; Becker' a*
market. 009 Washington* at., Oakland." .
FOUND— Sept. 0.. gold watch attached- to" pin;
monogram and engravidg. Apply 2J "Pond * .
st., near Sixteenth and "Market, bet. 7 and*
8 o'clock. " • . ".
LOST — Black 'greyholind! Return to 'Gll^S-
SON'S cigar store. Market st.. near Eighth; •
reward.
LADY'S gold watch ln or near California mar-
ket. Finder please return to H. T. LOR-
QUIN. 331 Kearny St.," room 14; reward. .
LOST — Certificate of authority: of no value ex- .'•
cept to owner. Reward for return of same to •
L. R. PARKER. Auditorium Hotel. •
1X5ST — A young canary. Return to 813 *Tttrfc
st. and receive reward. i-.: *.
BROWN water spaniel dog, white spot on
breast. lCH'-j McAllister st... rear; reward.
LOST — Newspaper containing sleeve; reward.'.
Box 2830. Call office.
BROWN water spaniel dog. white spot on ..
breast. lW-i McAllister St.. rear: reward.
LOST — Sunday, lady's gold bar pla; liver's
knot. 317 Francisco st.; reward.
LOST— Snake belt, November 24. Return to
Ansonla. 40S Stockton st,. room 704; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California *
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
koM »n<l hUtt t<» new w^tch r***».
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. sp*c!a!l«t for ail female
complaints; -Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience: removed to 828 Post st.
MRS. ER. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fa-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-'
lltf guaranteed. 1COSV» Market St.. opp. 8t&.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL- All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. .-Office. 1018 Market st.
Dra. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female complain*; Inst. relief;
treatment $10: hours. 10 to S: 25 yrs. expar.
MRS. D. ALLEN.- 1113 Market— Reliable ladle*
cpedallst; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2005 Folsom st, corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. ard MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NO TOY KKE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Un'on gmiare; all <il!ie»»e-< cured i-'T ri»rh«.
MILLINEKY.
LADIES 20O stylish bats to select from: leas*
sold, must vacate February >. 1904: *»•»•
money by calling on MMB. noSCTT. 20T Pot
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH *: WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
________________ _
Repair tt -with elaterite; tn rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
. iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs. ,__
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, ehaftiog. etc.. etc. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A — Fine suits. $7 SO; dress, pants. $2 50. Oriel -
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny at.
; oear Bosh; open to 0 p. m. ; Sunday to aooa.
Our sketch for the day shows two typical tramps,
With noses so red they would serve for train lamps. •
If you ask why they're tramps they will say there's no work.
Which Is simply a lie, for life's duties they shirk.
There's no willing man here who long idle need be.
For in The Call's Want Ads. he may every day see
A long list of places at a wage that is fair.
And a Job that will suit he is sure to find there.Sales on the Stock and Bond Exchange In
November were a» follows:
I Pric« durinsr
SECURITIES. t SlSe./
' _^ Sold. J Low. I High.
Bonds —
U. S. Government 600 lOS^i
Bay Counties Power Co.. 8,000 103 10C1V,
Cal. Central G. & E. Co. 8.000* 104 *1 108
Hawaiian Coml. & S. Co.. 10.000T PO
Honolulu R. T. & L. Co. l.OOOf 105
Los Angeles Elec. Co. ... 3.00OJ...... 102*<i
Los Angeled Railway Ct>. 85.000?. 113'
L. A.-Pac. R. R. 1st C. M. 1,00<m
Market-Street Cable Co... -1.0001 us
Market-St. Ry. 1st C. M. 4.000! 113 114
Northern Ry. Co. of Cal.. 00.000! 114 VJ 114 K
Oakland Transit 4.000! lOSi* 10»'
Pacific Electric Ry. C». 5s 2.000) '.. 107
Sacramento Elec. G. & R. 3.0OO! lOOti
S. F. & Saa Joaquin Val. 46.000 116»4 117 ,
S. P. R. R. of Ariz. (1900) 34.000< 107 H 108
S. P. B, R. of ArU. (1S10) 7.0OO5 10SS 10I>
S. P. R. R. of Cal., ser. A 3,000* 102*4
S. P. R. R. of Cal., ser. B 13.000 103% 103*
S. P. R. R. Of Cal 12.000 104H
S. P. R. R. of Cal 22,000 11* 114%
S. P. R. R. 1st con. (stmp) 47,000 10rt«4 107'
Sw P. Branch Ry. of Cad. 11.000 121% 133
Spring Val.- TV., 1 1st mtg. 14.000} 1CJ 106U
Spring Val. "W.. 2d mtg. 10.000] 93% 99
Water stocks —
Contra Costa 60 33«4 42
Springr Valley Water Co.. 2.003 30 40
Gas and elec. stocks-
Mutual Electric L. Co. . . 300 10
San Francisco G. & B. Co. 4.356) fJ4 6»H
a F. O. & E. <Trus. Crt.) C70 68 69%
Bank stocks — - >
Anglo-California dim.)... 60{...:.. M
Bank of California 25) 447 ' 443
Savings banks —
Mutual Savings Bank ... 201 160
Powder stocks-
Giant Consolidated Co.... 140 * 64 toft
Sugar stocks-
Hawaiian Cora. A S. Co. 270 43 48
Honokaa SctgarCo 420 12H 13H
Hatchinson Sugar Plant.. 1,080 ,9% 10^,
Makaweli Sugar Co 133 S2£ 23%
Paauhau Sugar Plantation 350 15 15T4
Miscellaneous stocks —
Alaska Packers Assa..... 710 143 151H
Cal. Fruit Canners' Afga. SO 92 93H
Cal. Wins Association ... 395 S3\ 94
Oceanic Steamship Co.... 60 6
Pacific Coast Borax Co.. 7| 107
Stock and Bond Exchange.
TUESDAT. Deo. 1—2 p. ra.
, UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. . .110 110% 4s ax cp aew.133%134%
4s Qr reg 109 10»9t(3s qr coup.,.107 1QS»%
> MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
AJa AWIi.- — Do Zm — 1C9
Bay CPC 5a. — 103 Do coa 5a. — 104
Cal. CO 5s. — 106 OiO.WBi..- 07
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 5s — 73
m & ct 5a. — 102ft Om O Im 6s. — 123
Cal-st 5s.... — — Pac G In 4s. 85 IOO ¦
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 5s..10« 107
Ed L & P 63.120 — PfeCHOs. — —
F & C H 6s. — 117 P & O R 6.1.1184120
Geary-st 6s.. 43 90 Powell-st 6s. 113^ —
H C&S 6H«-104^ — 8 F G*R Bs. — 100U
H C & S 5s. 9S%100 SF & SJV3s.llsHll?
Hon R T Cs.104^106 S R of C to.USii —
L A Elec 5s.l04%105H 3 P of A ( s
L A Ry 5s. Ill 114 (1900) ....1074 —
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) .... — 100
Dogtd6s. «— — SPotCCi
Do gtd 5s. — 104)6 (1905)3r A.1024 —
LAP lem 5a. 1C0 — (liKS) Sr B. 103 S 104
Mkt-stC6s.il 1 ? — (1906) 10441M
Do lem 5s. 112 — (1012) .... 114^1154
NRR of CeB.106%1074 BPC leg Cs. — —
Do 5s — 115 Do stmpd. 1061410?
N P C R 5s. 107 8 P B R 6S.131 132*4
N C R 6s... — 110 S V W 6s.. — 108U
NCPCM 102% Do 4s 2dm. 98 90
N S R R 5s. 90 100 Do 4.1 3dm. — —
O O L H 5S.107 — Stkn Ci-E Cs W 100
O T Co 6s.. 117 IIS UO&ESs. — 1C0
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa- 42 {Port Costa..- -'—-.
Maria Co 61 — JS V W Co.. 83>i 39%
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 4 4-*i R F G & E. 65 M
Mutual B L. 10 10U S F Gas L.. 3 S«i
Pac G Irn.. 62 — Stka O & E. 5 —
Pac L Co. 55% ' — ' U G & D. .. — —
Sac E OAR. — — , -
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & Ev 65T4 66^
IN3CRAXCE.
Flrem's Fad.320 —
~ ; J » BANK STOCKS.
Asa Ntl Bit. — 123 . L P * A. ...ISO 179 *
Anglo-Cal ..54 — Mer Trust. ..230 250 •
Bank of Cal. 44314 — Meren Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 155 S F Natiool — —
First Nat.... — —
SAVINGS BANK3. . • =
Oer S & L.2223 2275 Sav A L So. 93 1*»
Hum S i L. — — See Sar Bk.400 508
Mutual Sav.100 lio Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.600 . " .
STREET RAILROADS. . «%
California ..— 205 1 Presidio ....-»H —
G«*nr — 80 1 • .
POWDER.
C!*Bt — es^Vlgortt *% «%
SUGAR.
Hana. P Co. — 8©e Kilanea S C. — • *
Hawaiian C. 43^ 44*, Makawell C. 23 22\
Honokaa S C 12% 12T» OsoatM 3 C. 31 ', 3 # ,
Hutch S P C 9\ 1O Paanhaa S C It —•
MISCELLANEOUS. -' .M*.
Alaska Pack. 141 *« in (Oceanic 8 C. 5 '*'•'--
Cal Froit As. 92 95 Pae A F. .. 4% 3^
Cal Wine As. 91 WC : Pu c Bon.167 —
Session
15 California Wine Association..... 92 00 .
63 Honckaa 12 5O
10 Hutchinssn 8 P Co..^.. ..." 9 75 .
, 2O Mutual E L 1O0O
i 2O S F G & E"Ot>. to 10 68 00 •
Street —
20 9 V Water .......1*33 23 •
Afternoon Session. : .
Beard —
70 Hatchlnson S P Co : . 0 73
50 Makaweli . ..• .22 50 '¦•
73 Mutual EL 10 00)
1» Oceanic 3 S Co .....:... o 73 " •
$2000 Pacific E Ry 6 per c«nt.... KM U* ¦
ISO S F O £ Co, s 90 : «5 5O
J1C00 S P Br Ry 6 per cent .bonds*....: 130 CO
$2CC0 S P of C « per cent bonds (191Z>'.114 50 *
Street — • • '
50 Ocomea S. Co 32 00 "
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Stock— Bid. Ask.
Alma 133
Apollo 42 : • .... •
) Associated Bonds .... t ~0-'j
Associated Trust Cert • - 20
Aztec W
California Standard ' 11*
Caribou 05 1 W
Central Point Con 65 ...i-
Chicago Crude 19 . 21 •
Claremont 24 ' .... "
Espsranxa 01H .-...
(Four * 67 »..
i Fulton v 04H ¦ -.
Giant ». 20
Hanford ;.....'. 120-00 .14O0O
Home 95 • . IN'
f Imperial ' » .MM
Independence . ...T. ...... 18 ¦
Junction ..... ...'• ' ' • . 19-*
Kern '. 5 00-
Kern River...... 10 00 13 00.
Lion ...:...;.... 03 •' ....'
Monarch (of Arizona)'.... ' 4T ...-¦'
Monte Cristo '". SO'
Occidental of W. Va.. -19 " 2O
Oil City Petroleum 2T *....•'
Peerless -. 13 50
Ptttsburg , . • • 20
Reed Crude Oil (old Issue). SJ» - /..." '•
Reed Crude (new Issue)... 4 0O • ....•'
S. F. & MeKIttrtck 3 00 '6 00-
San Joanquin O. 4 D..... 4 CO- * . . . . :
Senator .......... '"63---, ......
Sovereign ........ ........ ' -3S • ' ....I .
Sterling '.....,... * BO.- . 2 75.
Superior '05 -.- ".O*.
I Thirty-Three ........ ..'... TOO- -• T «•'
Tcrftec .v....' 20" • •.... . •
1 Twfrnty-Elght ......;..... 4T 00 4 4A-.
West Shore ...'....... 2 8Q- ¦ . '....:'
Miscellaneous— . • •" . --" . " •
1 Abby Land and lap..:, .1 B0*
Alameda Sugar ...;...... .... '' > 2ft 00- •
American Biscuit 85 00
Cal Cotton Mills ...'.."... SS W "* '
Oil. Jockey Club .-... * 1C5 00-
Cal. Shippins Co 00 CO 27 00
Cal. Title Ins. & Trust 130 OO • 140 CO*
Central Bank of Oakland.. CO 00 : . ..; : •
Chates Co.... *..-.... »..'.' . .9. CO
Cypress Lawn "Imp. Co.... « BO . •¦».,-;
Fisher's Theatar ...." 2 09 . 2 23*.
Gas Connnmera' AsVn - 23 ,"U>
Honolulu Sngar ...... ¦ 19 00.'
Nor. Cal. Poirer..-. ' $ ro
Orph<«jm Co - .. 16 00
Paciflo State T . A T ¦ US i»
Paraffine Paint 23 QO .
S. F. Dry Dock 47 0O . ...-. :
Sanitary Redaction Worksu . 1 Oft . . -•
Sausallto L. A K 1* 0O'. ¦ . .-..;
Sperry Floor Co., ........ 27 SO . 30 0
Standard Electric ...i . 1» CO
Tesla Coal CO , « 32 SO.
Truckee Electric ;...13:23 '¦ .¦ " ..y.
Union Sugar -....22 50 • ' •../.
United Gas * Electric... 34 50 ' . ..»-.
* BALES. ' . " • . . •
¦* Afternoon Session..
40O Horn* ¦: .:....... &5
60 Sterlinc ".,....../ ..i..,.:. ..¦>.. SV«
Mining Stocks. . .
8Xit FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHAXOB, ?
Followihs; . were tho sale* on .the Saa Fraa— -
Cisco Stock. and Exchange Board yesterday: • •¦
Mornlns Session. •.
500 Alpha 0-t! 10* Mexican 135
70O-Andes ...... 23 ! IOO Occidental ... 41
4C0 Belcher 33! 400 Ophlr ....»; .2 3O*
CO© Belcher ....; J5j '100 Overman .... 20
600 Cal«r1onU' ...1 00: 200 Overman. 21
200 CtuUlsnge C. 30 COO Savage 3O
1000 Con Cal * V.I 401 SCO 3-g B«leh.er.. 13
100 Confidenc* .. »0> S0O Sierra N •».;.. 55
100 Confldenc* .. tl| 30O Sierra N«r -54
200 Crown Point.- 23, 400 Sierra I*ev.-. % . '53
200 Exchequer ... 151 1300 .Union Cbn\..'7»
10»G«uid & Cur. 40 j SCO Union Coa... 71
IOO Gould * Cur. 4l!lOCO Utah '..'..;... T9
MO Hale i Nor. . 34 1 900 TeHow Jadut 40
500 Justice 13 200 Tellow Jacket S3
609 Mexican 1 30' 100 Tellonr Jacket 33
700 Mexican 1 40* - ' ..
/* '. Afternoon Sesajon.
• 300 Alpha ..'....; Of] 40O"jnstle«'.....-.--t3
300 Andes 25 -300 Mexican 1.4O
300 Belcher . 39' -50 Mexican '....143.
500 Caledonia ....1 OS! IOO Occidental ..~ 44*
200 Challenge C 33 4 CO Ophlr- 2 43
200 Chollaf 18 j 200 Overman .... 23
. 3OO Con Clal tt V.I 46f 4«» Overman „.. 23
50 Con Cal * V.I 35 IOO Oreraaa 24
60O Con Imperial. COt 70O Potost IS
100 Confidence ... 8«! 65O Sierra Nwr... 55
60O Coa New York 15 eOO- Sierra Ner... M
300 Crown Poiat. 23 400 Silver H1H .. 83
• 300 Gould & Car. 43 200 St. Lonls....": -15
100 Gould & Car. 44 BOO Union Coa... T3
150 Gould A Car. 43 700 Utah 20
. SCO Hale A Nor..* .88 IOO Yellow Jacket' 40
IOO Hale A Nor. . S7 11 CO Yellow Jacket 33
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales oh the Facia*
Stock and Excfcar.se* Board yesterday:.
Mamlr; Session,
200 Andes ....... 23 1300 Potosl ....... 15
200 Best A Belch.! 90 800 Potosl 1«
20» Bullion ....:. CO 20O Siavagw 30
£00 Challenge C. 1 83 IOO Savag» «31 '
50 Challeng* C... 32t 2€O Savage 3-t
3OO Chollar IS 300 Savag* 33
300 Con C A V.I 32*i!l30O Savage ." 34
200 Con Cal A V.I 35i 350 Savage 2 &<
500 Con Imperial. 04 500. Seg Belcher.. 11
1C0O Con Imperial. (»i COO Stg Belcher.. 13
150O Coa New TcrTr 15I130O Bierra Ner... BO
500 Crown Point. 251 50O Sierra Ner...; BV
500 Crown Point.. 24 200 Sierra J*eT... S2
200 Gould A Ctrf. *4 IOO Silver HH1.... »O
8OO Gould A Cor. SS IOO Strrer HIIL.'..- St
200 Hal* A Nor. . 54 200 Silver BUL...* «3
ICO Hale A Nor.. 62 SCO Union Coa.... 70
IOO Hale A Nor.. 33 300 Union Con.... 71
200 Hals A Xor.. M» »0 Union Con.... 68
100O Julia ©8 20O Union Coa.... 75
SCO Mexican 1 23 2CO Union Oba..** 7? *
200 Mexican .....1 30 SCO Utah 19*.
2CO Mexlcaa ...1 23H 20O Ctafa ,. 2O
100 Occidental ... 40 200 Tellow Jacket 37
100 Ophlr 3 33 200 Tellow Jacket 38
300 Potost ....... 14
Aftarsooa Session.
2500 Alpha Coa... 07 SCO Jostle* ...... 14
?CO Belcher ..... 8S .500 Mexlcaa 140
800 Bullion 11 2m) Mexican t 3,1
100 Caledonia ..1 07^i SOO Overman .... 21
SCO CaoUar 13 UX> Scorpion . Kl
30O Chollar 20 30O See Belcher.. 11
20O Cor* Cal A V.I 40 30© Sierra Nct... : 35
SOO Coa Imperial. OS 200 Silver Hill.... 87
SCO Crown Point. 25 300 SIlvw Hill,... g5
200 Exchequer ... 13 200 Silver HUL... 94
ICO Gould A. Car. 44 BOO Union Coa...«_ 74
400 Rale A Kor.. 3« 200 fa km, Con..-. . .' 75
3OO Hale A Nor.. 35 300 TeUaw Jacket 39
lOOO Julia ........ 07 • *-' •
TOXOPAH MTNINO E3CCHAJCGH. ''¦
The following were . th» salts en the Saa
Francisco and Tosopah Minis* Exchange yea.
t«rday: . • # .
Momlss Session.
210O Mont Ton-.l 17Ht 309 Ton Midway. U
1000 Mont Ton 1 13) 100 WIM Goo«^...3 00
Afternoon Cession.
214 Cent Eureka.. 85f 700 Ton 31 8tar... »
BOO Golcosda C... 15l| 100 Ton of N«r..4 00
2C0 Moat Toa....l CO 1W Wild Ooose...2 00
100 Rescue ...... C5i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TXTESI3AT. D««. 1 — 4 p. m.
Bld.A>k Btd.Ask.
Arpha 07 W> Julia. 0« 07
Alta .: 03 CT. Justice ...... 14 IS
Andes ,. 24 25 Kentack 04 tiS
Belcher i. 33 i» Keyes- Gras.. — 1 «O
Best A Belch-2 20 2 30 Mexican 1 23 1 30
Bullion 10 11 Occidental ... 44 44
Caledonia 1 OS 1 10 Ophlr .2 -W 2
Chal Con S2 33 Overman 22 23
Chollar 17 15 Potosl 17 1-5
Confidence ... 97 09 Savag? 35 37
C C ft Va 1 30 1 33! Scorpion .... C M
Con Imperial. 04 Seg Belcher.. 12 13
Con K f T.'.V.. 1« 17 Sierra Nev... B3 35
Crown Pt.... 22 2t'Silver HU1... 83 85
Zhireka Con.. — SOfSt Louis 14 Id
Excheqtur .. 14 1ft Syndicate .... 04 C4
Goald A Car. fS 40|Union Con...* 71' 73
Hale A Nor.. 63 3«lx:tah 19 23
Lady Wash.. — C4! Yellow Jacket 35 54
TOXOPAH MIXES. •
Bid. Ask. • BM.Ask.
Esperanxa ... — 01 Ton Belmont. TO 95
MacXamara .. 10 13 Ton of Nev..S OO « 75
Mont Ton...l lim 20 Ton N Star.. SS. S3 *¦
Paymaster .. 03 —Too Midway. SS ST
Bescue 04 05 Catted Ton... CG lit
| BOND and STOCK SALES. \
' The annual report of the Homestake Mining
Company of South Dakota, for the year ending
Juno 1, 1908. shows; Gross earnings, $4,020 -
721; operating expenses. 14.020.0S9; net earn
ings. $603,022: debit balance previous year
$210,407: dii'tfends. fSli>.000; total charges,
$1,029,407; deficit. $425,785. During the year
there were milled 1,270,075 tons of ore yield-
Ing on average $3 54 In gold values. The mine
and works are stated to be in excellent condi
tion, with ore reserves blocked out a cumber
of years ahead.
of $35 per share, and brings the total disburse
ments to- stockholders since the organisation of
the company ,up to $83,350,000 on a capital of
$2,500,000. . . •• .
Continued. From Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ...WEDNESDAY* DECEMBER 2, 190:
15
MI SPELL AXEOUS FOR SALE— -Con.
A— BUYS, eells or rects rear machinery, en-
gine*, boilers, water pipe, ehaftisg. pulleys,
etc. • WHITELAW. 2T.3-2S5 SP5»f_g; ,
LADIES' drop frame bicycle: also a Domestlo
*ewlng machine with all atta-hmea^; both ia
pood condition. Box 2 g 23. Call.
GASOLINE launch sterecrhone picture ma-
chine mahogany bar fixttres. wood mantels.
<!!<• Third tt. ¦
t 72x16 • 1 OF.I"'ON" I '-*I. tubular boilers, front
• and all' ftttEac*. TRACY ENGINEERING
•CO.. 151 Fremont «.. San Francisco.
TYPEWRITERS, subtly uiwd. sold at cost:
• t'w Underwood visible typewriter catalog
t-Tii frei. P.. E. Reva'.i * Co.. San Fraac'.gco.
ALTERATION 1— -»»* I >»-*> hats » '1 5°-
Popular Price Batter. 330 Kearny st. near
Tine; open to •« r- rr..: Sundays to nooa.
TRY cur en's *hc*s at $1 and Jl 50 pair-
foct-Icro eh<ws at $2 50; we psy express
charges. M 3^. ft.. Exam. b!3.; catalog, free.
PTKCIAL ad Our beautiful $5 cafcinet photos,
folder Th<> F * d t 12( * Market et
EfSKS and t*'.e?: ""* tn< gBJPtet* line «t 1S1«
Market *b Va^ Neas. RICHARDSON BROS.
Printing afSeaj 3 -C.'iP. preeses. motor, cutter.
' type, fixture*; doing good bfcsisess. 29S6* Call.
cxFES— N'rw -sn^ second hand. THE HER-
MA>T>: SAFE CO./ 807 Battery st
¦ A' VERY fine Cis^nocd heart for $210 at W. J.
.HESTHXL'F.-. 10 Sixth st
'• :'i".iXD 10. t p.' gaeolin* eagin«: 2d-h«nd: ail
¦. ¦•'g'.tei/r*w._ E.;B. BECK A CO.. 122 M«--ket
*¦• JCeS tr.S eecchd hand machlbery of all kinds.
¦•.." K'r.OO IfMNFO. CO.. 519 Market st. • '
"'.* '-IbJpVTNiS pictures, magjc lantemS, sale, rental:
•' ' vWrjrain*.' Bullard A Brgcfc. 181 Post st
, "'y:i-HS "of p'r* "aad CtUr.r«: «!I «:ze«. EC-
. -••GEN'E RILEY * SONS. 109 Vallejo st. '
' • -fAFHS — New and second, haul. E. B. BECK
. ;•¦•¦& .CO..> 122 Market tt.
'....An ta*ss.;ris;car3p stoo'.s tad cha'.re: hammocks,
?. '.-.- -'rr.^tal.b^y.sUrtregses. J.y.Hotter.713 Mission.
¦¦ Ed:sr> phonographs, records, ruppllea. moving
¦ -.'. ... t/.V.ure nachineg. glm«. Baeigalupl. 333 Mkt.
: " .QAEQX2XS »Ef:sff, autoir.rb'.les aad Isunchea;
;.-:-»:; r'.ze*. J.- E. DQAK. *fl Fremont st
. AfK for prices oa secoad-hand tvpewj-iers; all
• y.-.-tr.a.ke*. ALEXANDER * CO.. 1IQ Montg-y.
',. A'V-EEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
•'¦"'.'. * fi ;&g*« in »r>.rpt*r.- for mailing. 51 i>*t year.
.'¦ •; . ' MISCELLANEOUS WAXT9.
".BOOKS and, libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
;¦•¦' : .l.;i9 Mtfrket et.; phone Jessie .3741. or postal.
; •¦ } ' PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-c3
¦¦ Vl<y.hlhg; eendrpcstgl. MORRIS. S7<V Foljom.
T.I1-TON- wer:t* good second-hand clcthicg ani
: '. theatrical jrcods. .154 Tth St. : tel. Jes»:« 2.S51.
• A.' BIG price. p£!d * o r tealskirts: send postal.
• ' :'• CS.Stocktcn «t-; phqce Bush 484. •
TO I/O AX.
• , AAA^UE^Iii>r£uftPHY;
.".•" • ••' . eqi^6C2-«63 Examiner buailag.
¦ * ".C«j*^ eettle'tnerits ; "no disappeintment
• ... -• Eav* exp*n»e» -by dealing directly.
.:.¦¦ Estates; second mortgages, aniivtied lnrer-
..-•;¦ ects.'.aMigrcject^ cf *egts. property ia tnfst,
,V, ¦ etc. ;.* legacies. . life estates and undivided la-
• :. ¦'' tercets la property rurchased,
•.** Courtecas. treatment ' Strictly confiientiaL
'¦-¦ -. : • WAen You, Need iloaey .
• ' ' fc«=e &EES1A.Y MliP.PHY.
¦ '• AD VXNCES cn'.fulTilture and pjaaotf without
¦¦¦ "removal; to' perciireat salaried people ca
¦ " ' ttplr cote without security cr "knowledge of
¦' • * eniplcyer;. lowest: rates; -ao commi*s;oa. NA.
.' ' TIONAli CREDIT CO.. CS. and C3 Donoaoe
1176. Market «t
! ..STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur.
I ¦ fajure; plsaoa or. to salaried people ca trieir
• - r.cte"; pccper-ti^attcect ruarante*'*- IL1-INIOS
'. • TRUST CO.. x. lg- Pbeltfn fcia.. tel. Mata ?&«;
• r HIGtiLT reer»*table' private place to obtain
: . liberal «cvaa«s' rn dtaraor.ds. jewelry, at
•-. . "-i.j.e»t'.rates. : Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84fl
. V ¦¦¦' Varkc't-«..;tei: Slala 1644. Eranch. *i» Third.
.* MONEY "leaneS to -ealarted pepple. retail m«-
-.¦ ¦.chiBti.- ream^ter».."bo»r'<Jing-hou»«i. -without
•', .V«cajltj; e*»y- peymer.ta; lanrest business ta
- • .__ <r-pri*rtr^r cities. Tolman. K3 Parrctt b:dg.
' 'A-T-? per ceit ca furniture cr ptano; no remov-
" . " al.-no.'ccnimiMlen. *no rualirity;$25 up; quick,
¦ '• .pri\-ste. ccnSiecifaS. 26 Montepmcry. na. 7.
. >fUXTCTf*AL fvOAN-OFriPK 1C3 Gract are.,
. ' - • LOXNS- FROM tl. *T£> $10 00a
¦" MONET" to "load en l<J«r Interest; gold, etlyer.
¦ • -dlarnonfis,- p»>«?!s aad prec'.oiii stones bought
: . ;.:•. st; TT.'.;J.. HESTHAL-S. 'IP Sixth rt.
.•.:?«*EW.. easy ruethdtf— To' wage-earners 0Q ur.irj-
. '.- ' doried e'et^': • absolute privacy. Fidelity
•• .¦¦.'.TJot.n .Cozzzaz.'?. rocrr.s 45-43. ChrchicK? b!<Jg.
. . TO -raiaried people wlfhoat Security; on furfci-
:-.'•¦. tnret ln/lcrwa -notes an<l <»theV «Kyirlty. "S. F.
. 'V '.Dii.eount Arenfry. .1*.^ Plitlaa tuiMlng. -
'. itTJowest rates, ca'.f'urnltcre'and pianos:' strict
privacy! no cocamlseion;instaI!iaeBts accepted.
: . "; • ¦ BONELLI' SOI E<Idy. Conservatory bullila».
• OPEN -Credit Ass' a. .loahs cr. salaries con£d»a-
• cew.s:ir.r;Ie plan. Room 60. S19 Market
81 ON r-urriture * riauos; 115 up: ao removal;
• ¦ .-no i.oin. ; V. 7REMA1.V. rocra SI. 3 EiJy it
. 3IONET -loaraed to salaried .employes. 6. W.
' -; MILLER, .roora ft 8th floor. Cbronlcle b!<ig.
' 1 PER' cent on furc'.tuw cr riaao. 10(M Mu-
. .'. teal . Savicsc ¦ Bank bldg.. 708 Market et
¦ . ALL' losxs ca £!2.taoa£s and Jewelry 2 per cent
' •' «no. e.-F.-Co'-iatera-l LAaji Bank. MS Keamy.
' tTXR.Lotn'Ca. of -Wj-cm'ij-.F loans money to
. ".-. --..ealarted^TapI-yes- R. 3U. Mutual Sav. Bk.b:d.
¦ CASH-, loased p*H^le en notes without
-.- -iniTwr.' MOP.ELIv <y<9 Erarr.lr^r bldg.
. _HKST a juariV lor $j y«r zuoiitii; .— e allow «lx
rr.c'.-.yt' rental of tte purchase price if you
•'.:Wi£h to "bey; thu gives you tix mostbs' trial
cf'tb* iSEtrumejit lor nothing; if the piasa
.' . .netted -does not «u1t w» allowi the rental oa
¦ : '• «xy laitrumeat ia our «tor*e*; with such good«
• as the McPhall cf Boston, the Schiller and
. ' • cur cwa make to select frcm .we can guar-
¦ ' ¦ ¦' ¦ '. ar.tee' catlifacUoa 'to every cae la quality.
" ' price •and terms. See the Scott-Cartas
' ¦' '/B'Jou.*'' the smallest full scale piano la S&a
Francisco. SCOTT -CURT AZ "PIANO CO..
•' ¦.•¦¦-tfl0-C-C4_ Hayes =t • • - - -
: . A ' FET7. BP2CIAL UPRIGHT PIANO BAR-
¦ •" . . .GAINS:
.':'¦'• ¦Orllard. $33; Em*rson. $C5; FiUher, $70;
.- Miller. $175; Chickertji*. $1C7; Araerlcaa,
' • -$:to: 'Heine. $233; Haynes, $150; Steinway,
i- $1S»5: Steiaway; large style. $:C5, and fifty
¦ ctiwrrs. Rents. $2 up; installments, $4 up.
• '• . HEINE PIANO' CO.. 2.^237 Geary street;
Oskl£ji<3 brahch. Fifteenth and old
P: O. b'.fig. '
NOW Ue the time to ee'.ect your piana for the
. . ¦ hcISdsy present: we have Jujj received tw»
¦ carloads cf excellent tcstruments. and If yoa
¦ . .will call and make a selection now the piano
. • " tjn be delivered when rou are ready: bring
' - tuch "amount as you c*a spare for a first pay-
¦ :..• r.t and we will arrsLrige easy payraeats lor
- -• tb« future THE ZEXO MAUVAIS' MUSIC
. . COMPANY. 7t# Market gt
A FINE lot cf secend-haad uprights from $S3
•up. iscluC&g- cucb BjJce* as Chlckertag.
Vc«e. Kroeger. Curtaz. Klrkaaa. Peaia.
HarVirrsn, Marssall & WeadelU Bass aad
ethers. BENJ. CUJITAZ & SON. 1« O"Far-
t*U rt No braaches la Eaa Fraaclseo.
UAND instruments; F.' Bessoa. Paris, maker;
Ous SleJwaM. AgtPsc Coast 278 OTarreU;
«kl!Ifcl repairlsg; 2a-hand Inirtrcaeats cold.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey orgaa.
two batki cf keys and p*C&l bass; cost $750;
your cwa price. BOWERS * 11 Uasoa.
, . .^ — — 1 .
- aT.VCST a*w cpricht; ebeap: raeh. or. ta.-tm.ll-
• pegt BCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st
• A tTTECK fcpritht- jnthogacy. nearly aew;
. Bust be sold. 21S McAllister st
BEAUTIFUL 8-pedal Eteinway upright plaao;
perfect order; sacrifice. Hedge's. SS5 O'Farrell.
Unredeemed etorage pianos and furclture flirt
eh*«p- Stcrer*. lCtQ MarkM st
ECHMER, Byron Msuzy piaaon. Cecillaa plan*
player. BYRON UACZT. 308-312 Port st.
ETTERIOR vicllas. cithers, old aad new. 57
MTIXF.R. rra>r<T. repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
BTORE with largs basement: below Kearny
«t.: r»nt 130. Apply 63« Clay «t.. room 1.
OIL.
WILL exchange for city property, cell er lease,
proven valuable oil land in Susset, Midway,
McXlttrici. Ventura districts and Incorporate
your company Call or ad£r*sn MRS. CLARA
POLTZ. >ttorreT at Law. 23 floor Mllla blflg.
PHY8ICIAXS AXD SURCEOXS,
X3R. C C b^D^NNJELL— Office and resldeace.
1021Vi SUrket st. bet Ctn asd Tth; partial-
Ur fciter-Uon paid to diseases of wcatn.
BIXOX>. tlLia and rvetal £i*e**es a spacialty.
PH. BALL. 1073^a Market st
RE2£O\"ED— DR. WONO HIM. herb Cocter.
treau ail dUeaaes cf tBe human body; far
past four years at 115-117 Masca; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary it. near Leaveawcrta.
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. U P»
Ta!, herb dorter, cures all clf-e&see of human
by u— of herbs aad teas. 727 WasMngton st
DR. n. C. WONO, 719 Post «t.: all diseases
ccred by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
" WOX«J WOO. the f Msoui herb doctor— All dls-
eases ccred ty Chinese herbs. 74&-S Clay st
rAPEBHi.XGI.VG. PAIXTXXG. ETC.
hOOMS Daoer»d. S3 to us: tinting. painUrLf.
Hartmana Paint Co.. 213 3d st; teL Mala 413.
CALL at €27 Turk st cr phoae Sntter 154. for
paper fctngiag, paintlne asd tinting.
BSBBBBsHssHBift^' WRBi
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. '
63S Market st
$24.0C0 — Third st: -corner store -and fla:«t im-
pcrtant block; large area of ground; pays
- more than* bank Interest with present Im-
provements.
$19,750 — Rents $160 per month; magnificent new
fiats; O'Farrell st. near Van Ness ave.;"
8 rooms snd bath each; sacrifice.
$15.000 — Geary st, near Laguna; 50x137:5:
residence, » rooma-and bath; no reason-'
able offer refused,
$12,500— Howard »t. near Fifth; new building..
! store and 2 flats.* rents very low at $75,
! per month; Howard. st values will dou-
i b> In 1p«h than a y«ar. "'
I $10.250 — Pine st. near Buchanan; 3 up-to-date i
flats, 6-7 rooms; rented very low at $»lji
per month. t I
$3.250 — Four new flats In Mission warm belt;'!
modern architecture; electricity and gas; ;
wood mantels, gas grates, etc.; rented to ¦
first-class tenants for j|02 58-per.trBonth. ,'
$6, COO— Mission flats: "Thirteenth St., "near 'I
Scott; rents $62 50 per month; modern. [I
$8,000 — Business corner; Guerrero et;. grocery;
and flats of 5 rooms and bath; rents $00; -I
could easily be* increased. ' I t :|
$5,500 — Ashbury Heights residence: '8 rooms;
and bath: commands beautiful view;
modern in every respect ' ¦
.$5.150 — Tebama st. ; 3 flats; tlrst-clasn cor.di-.
tlon; rents $53 50 per month: large lot'
37xS0; this is a positive sacrifice. : •
$3, CCO — Residence, Waller st, opposite Duboce
Park,- near Scott; 7. rooms and bath;
high basement; brick foundation; lot 25:9
xl37:«. •
$4,250— Two flats on Shotwell st: 30x122 :ft
foot lot; green lawn, palm trees and pro.-
fusion of flowers; rented permanently for
$40 per month.
$3,250 — Modern cottage in- the meet desirable
neighborhood of the- Mission; almost
new; 5 rooms and bath.
$2, SOO — Flats on Folsom ave.; 3-4 rooms: rent-
ing permanently for $31 per month. !
$2,S0O— Western Addition cottage; 4 rooms; i
rented for $14 per month; lot alone worth.
• money.
$1.250— North line of Eighteenth st, near Dla-
mend; bltumlnized street; cars pass
door; a bargain
For further particulars address " :
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
2 : 638 Market st '
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. 63S Market st
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION .
TUESDAT. Dec. 8, 1903. at 12 O'clock Noon.
HAIGHT-ST. INVESTMENT.
N. line of HaJght St.. 166 ft. ::. of Buchanan;
extremely large lot. 40x137:6 ft: Improvements,
elegant 3-story residence. 16 spacious rooms, 2
baths, driveway, excellent stable; rented per- |
manently for $S5 per month; this property will
be sold to close an estate.
HARRIET-ST. INVESTMENT. '
• NE. line of Harriet St.. SE. of Bryant, near
Sixth (Noe. 32i>-.'{23H); improvements, 4 excel-
lent flats renting for $372 a year.
MISSION CORNER.
SW. corner cf Twentieth st. and Treat ave.;
magnificent building lot 25x110 ft; level,
sewered, graded and ready for building.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
E. line of Folsom ave., 250 ft. S. of Folsom
*t, between Seventh and Eighth (Noe. 23 to
25); 3 separate flats of 3 and 4 rooms; rent $31
per month.
POLK-ST. INVESTMENT.
E. line of Polk st. S. of Birch ave., between
Fulton and Grove (No. 208); 3-story building,
7 rooms and store below.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
N. line of Page st. between Lyon and Cen- j
tral ave. (No. 1326) ; improvements consist of I
2'Story building. 10 rooms and bath, including '
billiard-room.
SCOTT-ST. BUILDING CORNER. ; !
SW. corner of Scott and Greenwich ets.;
large parcel of land. «S:9xl22:4 ft
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING CORNER.
NW. corner of Broderick and Union sts. ; lot
44x103 ft: Cats erected on -this magnificent
property wculd rent easily, bringing a hand-
some revenue.
CALIFORNIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
S. line of California st, 30 ft. of Fifth
ave.: lot 30x100 ft; a beautiful 7-room resi-
dence, porcelain bath, tiled sinks, wood man-
tel, etc. (No. 4303).
MINNA-ST. FLATS. ; '
B. line of Minna st. 165 ft NE. of Eighth
(Nos. 653-53%); 2 substantial flats of 3-4 rooms;
rent *32 per month.
MONETA INVESTMENT COMPACT.
' ¦ Room 39, Flood Bulldln*. I
$12.000 — Flllmore-«t flats; elegant
new flats; rents ....'...: ."..; $106 00 !
*10.0<iO — Grove-«t fiats; large lot
through to rear street; rents 97 50]
. $315O— Elegant residence on 27th st ; • -
lot 25x114; would rent for..;. 27 50 I
Vallejo st. : marina view; 7 rooms . . .
and bath: must be sold this week:
make 'offer.
$6000— Close to 15th st and new
park: flats: rents 62 BO i
Cottage; 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x
.114; asking $1600; make offer. -
LOTS.
25x120; Stanyan ¦ st; mast b« sold . *thls
week; make offer. f. . v.-i.-'*.-
Baker st; 25x121:6; $2600; * :;
San Bruno andHumboldt aves.; 33:4x100;
$10T>0. Call at office and ret our large list
$500 FOR A-HQUSE AND LOT
Only eight blocks, from a
- school house and street car line.'
Will sell for cash or part cash and . balance
in monthly payments.
The house has 3 rooms, new and never beea
used. '
The lot Is 25x100 ft level and on grade.'
This Is a bargain and I want to sell It; It
Is In a troxl locality and Is worth more
money than I ask for it.
An opportunity for a laboring man to own
a home in from 3 to 4 years, and only. pay
on It as you are now paying rent: Investigate
this. Address Owner, box 4374, Call office.
MODERN cottages: finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooms— $2900.
6 rooms — $3250.
J> rooms — $3500.
tB rooms — S3600. - '.
T rooms — $4100.
\ 8 rocrr.« — $4600.
' Located on First and Second ave., bet.
- Geary and McAllister st cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market st
$21M — Cor. Twenty-fitth and Wisconsin sts.:
new cottage of 4 rcoms, bath and basement;
gcod location for grocery; $300 down, $13 month.
$1750 — Fine new cottage of 4 rooms, bath' and
basement: $30O down, $15 a month; Wisconsin
st. near Twenty-fifth.
JUST FINISHED.
TWO BEAUTIFUL
5-ROOM COTTAGE3
IN THE MISSION.
. EASY PAYMENTS. - -
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 POST ST. "
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot at 8 per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
LOTS N or S side of Golden Gate Park, put-
chuaed by W. J. GUNN. 530 California st
PLUMBING, gasflttlng and general jobbing 1 .
Ahlbaoh & Mayer, plumbers. S33 Howard at
REAL ESTATE — Coon try — For Sale.
FOR sale — 15-acre fruit farm; good Improve-
ments, good location; connected with San
Francisco by rail and electric cars. Call or
address 715 Nineteenth st, Oakland, Cal..
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acr» farm. "
S200 profit ¦ per annum per acre.
Write ror booklet It's free. €03 J rt.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cat
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 64S
Market st •
POiyT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts:
maps, photos, eta. BELL. 417 Parrott bid*.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE, '
A FINE $15,000 Improved ranch In the Napa
' Valley to exchange for San Francisco or Oak-
land ¦ property. P. C LASSEN. ft CO.. 4tJ8
Tenth st. Oakland. Cal. £&*
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN — Why pay rent .when you can buy
this beautiful new 5-room cottage, bath, pan-
try, folding-doors, large closets. 2 bay-win-
dows, high basement, patent closet, gas and
electric light fixtures. . shades, pretty mantel,
stationary tubs; street work and sidewalk all
done; large lot all fenced: price $2500; terms,
$150 cash, balance $20 monthly. Open Sua-
days. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorln station.
STOP paying rent; snap; 6 rooms, bath, man-
tel, pantry, city water; street . work done;
large lot; piioer $1900; terms, small cash pay-
ment, balance same as rent; close to etatlcn
Open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorln.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BB0ADWAY.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
VENDOME AND GRAND HOTELS. .. • . ¦ ".
0S5H Washington and B10 Ninth -sts* Oak-'
land; furnished rooms en suite or single wita
or without board: special rates to famiilsa,
OAKLAND FU ? aiTPnE ..fQ R "_g A f-E-
TO-MORROW the day for bargains la fural-
tnre. H. Schellhaas. 11th st.cor.store.Oaklnd.
Mill Valley Advertis-ements/
SHLL. .VALLEY RE AL ESTATE.
VILLA sites aad ' Improved property; dairy
ranches; Cusbine and Stetson , tracts. .For
information apply to sole agent for lands T
L. & W. Co.. LOUIS L. JANES, real estate,
Hayward building, 488 California st
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR . SALE.
¦¦¦¦ ~
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$500 to $1200. T
.Nothing to compart with- our Oceanstde lots.
Fronting Ocean. "Park and Boulevard.
Alt on official grade, ready to build on.
THEY CANNOT BE DUPLICATED.
Unobstructea"6cean v!«wrEV«rrTot -a bargain!
Get off cars at cor. 47th ave. "and H «t.
i - SEE XHEM TO-DAY! EASY- TERMS!
' $60 to $300. near Park and Ocean^ $5 monthly.
Oceanside Branch Office en 49th avenue and
*¦ • K street. « :¦ ' V
I ¦ OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
1 * $fi00 to *1000; Chclcest-Sunset Dlat-lLots.
! Graced and sewered; near-cars; $10 monthly.
I Sunset Branch office on 1 0th :aVe.. near H st.
I $1000. $1500. $3500 to $5000— 4; ',8, 8 and 8
1 rconis, nevri modern cottages and houses, in
I Sunset, .Richmond.' Oceansid* and Exceltior
i Homestead'. All bargains! Easy; terms!,
SOL GETZ'A SON/ ' Owners' and- Dealers.
Room 54, Chronicle Building." ¦_" " •
NEW HOME eeWlng machine;' this week enly:
$10. $15. $20: slightly used: needles -20e des.
NEW-HOME S. .M. CO. 1051 ¦Market st.
/ ' SPECIALISTS. -
CA^'rRH^EAFNESS and~NOISES In BAR3
' positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat.
raent free. Dr. Ccttlngham. 204 Setter it.
j STUTTERIXQ AXD STAMMKRI.XO. '
i MELBOURNE School. Van NeBs-Market— Curi»
' in every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures; home curs.
THE STAGS.
WANTED — Immediately, two soubrettes and
dancers for wagon show; salary sure; good
smattur* taken. 967 Mission, r. 11, 12-6 p. m.
DIVIPEXp XOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 60. of fifty (50)
csnts per Bhare on the i6sued capital stock of :
the - company has been declared, payable at
the office of tho company, rooms 202, 204 and
' 200 Hayward building, San Francisco, on De-
cember 10, 11)0.1. Transfer books close Decem-
ber 3. li>03. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Sec'y.
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAR.
bor Commissioners, Union Depot aad Ferry
House. San Francisco, California. Novem-
ber 1«. 1803.
Seated proposals or bids will be received at
this if flea at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
on Wednesday, December 23, 1903.- - for the
construction of a section/ of seawall and
wharf along tame to be ' located between
King and Channel streets oa the water
front of the City and County of San Fran-
c!sco. In accordance with the plans and
: specifications prepared therefor by the Chief
I Engineer of the Board and adopted by the
1 Board Aumist 27. 1903. aad on file in this
: office, to which special reference Is hereby
! made. The work to be done under these
specifications consists In furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
ing a stone seawall with end embankments
and a wharf. It is. estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments will contain
about 90,000 tons of stone; the wharf will
contain SG.OGO square feet of wharf sur-
face. This eection of the seawall wilt' ex-
tend from the intersection of the northerly
line of Channel street (prolonged 'easterly)
with the water front line, elk hundred (600)
feet northerly along said water front line.
The materials to b« used for the construc-
tion of the seawall and end embankments
will consist of stone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by the action of
sea water or air.
.Two classes cf stone' will . be rec'ofnlxed;
I The first class will Include stone of one or
more cubic feet- la fair assortment cf sizes
between one and four, cubic feet; na objec-
j tlon will be made to stone larger than four
i cubic feet: this class of stone must be fre*
of seams and marked lines of cleavage.
! The - second class will include ptcae of- less
. than one cubic foot. In assorted sixes, but
no stene lees than five pounds wlii be ac-
cepted at the quarry.
The - materials . for the construction of the
wharf will consist of the requisite -quanti-
ties of first class; close grained, bougias
yellow flr piles and yellow fir lumber (mer-
chantable quality)^ wire rope, wrought Iron
bolts, spikes,- etc.. all of- the best quality
and subject to a rigid examination
No bid will be received unless it is made
on a blank form furnished from this office
. and Is accompanied by a «*rtif(ed check for
five per cent of* the aggregste amount of
the bid. payable^ra the order of "the Secre-
tary- ct the Board, as. a guarantee oa ths
part of the successful, bidder that he will
within six (6) days after the acceptance oi
the bid enter Into a written contract to do
said work, according to the plans and spec-
ifications prepared, therefor, and will also
execute tnd file with this Board a bond la
such sum as the Board may deem, adequate
with a surety company, to be approved b*
the Bo»rd of State Harbor Commissioners
and conditioned for the faithful performance
of »uch contract; nor will said bid be con-
sidered by this Board unless delivered to tha
secretary or to the assistant- secretary »t
the office of the secretary, at or prior to
2:16 o'clock p. ra. oa Wednesday, Decem-
ber 23, 1903, at which time and place th«
bids will be ooeped. .
The Board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids If deemed for the best interest at
the State. . . .
Bidders are Invited to be present at the own.
Ins of the bids. " -»**>»
CHAS. H.. SPEAR.
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK
J. D. MACKENZIE. ¦
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chler Engineer.
JOHN M. FOT. Secretary. 1
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men — Notice Is hereby given to all concerned
• that sealed proposals or bids are solicited for
performing the labor and furnishing the ma-
terials necessary for the excavations and
foundations of California Hall on the
jrrounds of the University of California at
Berkeley, Alameda County. California, and
said bids or 'proposals will be received at- the
office of the Board of Regents. South Hall.
Berkeley, at or before 12 o'clock rn. ¦ cf th«
11th day of December, 1903. And notice is
hereby further given that the plans and speci-
fications of said excavations and foundations
have been made and adopted and are placed
In above named office, where the tarns may
be seen and examined . during each day from
9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock p. m.. from
this date until said 11th day of December
1803. No bids or proposals will be considered
unless the fame are accompanied by a certi-
fied check or a bond of said proposer equal to
ten (10) per cent'of his proposal, with"suf-
flcient sureties, conditioned that. it. said bid
or proposal shall be accepted, the party pro-
posing will duly enter Into a proper contract
to faithfully .perform the duty and obliga-
tions in accordance with !«aid proposal - and
plans and specifications, which shall be and
are - hereby required to be a part of such
contract. The right to reject any and all
bids Is hereby reserved. This notice is
given pursuant to an act entitled: "An act
to amend an act entitled 'An act to create
and organize the University of California/
. approved March 25, 1S68, and an act amend-
atory of section 25 thereof, approved March
28, 1S72. relating to the construction of build-
. Ings," approved March 8, 1S97. By order of
the Committee on Grounds and Buildings ef
the Board of Regents. .. c ¦
' W. A. McKOWET, Secretary.
OFFICE DEPOT QUARTERMASTER, 38
, New Montgomery street. Ban Franclico, Cal.,
' November 25, 1903. Sealed proposals in
triplicate -will be received -here -until 10
o'clock a. " ten -fPaciflc - standard • time). 'De-
cember 24, 1906, for furnishing stationery
oils, paints, pipe fittings, sheet zinc, packing
boxes, lumber, etc Preference given to arti-
- des of domestic production or manufacture —
details in schedule. The right Is reserved to
reject or accept any or all proposal! or any
part thereof. Blank proposals and Informa-
tion furnished on application. Envelopes
containing . . proposals should b« indorsed
"Proposals for .Quartermaster's Supplies.
No. 8642." and addressed to . "
MAJOR C. A. DEVOL,
Q. M. U. S.' A.. Depot Quartermaster.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: . • . ..-'.' ; -
Nicolas Herrera, 24. 751 Vallejo street, aad
Bara A. E. Rao, 49, 751 Vallejo street |
! John W. Hunter, 24, S20 Iowa street, and
Florence E. Brown. 22, city.
Manuel P. Slmas. 8fl, 43 Third street.' and
Emilia Ventura, 17. Hslfmoon Bay. -
Giovanni Vaylo, 31, 1321 Montgomery street,
and Elena, Baylo, 22. 471% Tehama street.
Patrick J. Rush. 28, 1365 Stevenson street,
and Delia A. Kelly, 25, Oakland. . -
Peter O." Peterson. 29. Stratford, Iowa, and
Sofia Lundqulst. 2», city. -, .¦ _«
James P. Ryan, 48, S35 McAllister street,
and Florence Westwood, 33, 808 Eddy street. I
Fred Keslar. 21. ; 532 San Jose avenue, and
Fannie E. .Bostrom,- IS, 634 Turk street.
Joseph A. Hill. 23, 626 California street, and
Mathllde A. Kramer. 20. €26 California street.
Edward H. Bledsoe, 52. city. . and . Rebecca
Annls, 30, city. . ¦ .
Frederick Beck. 30, city, and Mary Stothard,
28.- city.' ¦¦¦¦¦'. -¦ ¦-'¦ ¦ ':-¦¦¦-¦¦¦¦¦ "- -
Edward K. Preston.' 21. 808 Bush street, and
Nellye M. Tetreaa. . 1&. 503 Van Ness avenue.
BIMS-lMMGES-DEAm
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not b«r Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence ' of per-
sons | authorized to have the same | published.'
Notices restricted . simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of > charge s y* ;
;:. bobh.
BUTLER — In Salt Lake City. November 8,
1903, to the wife of A. J. Butler Cnee Barell-
les), a daughter. • ,. ... '. . ¦
BYRNE^In Berkeley, to the wife of Joseph
¦ P. Byrne, a daughter.
FITCH — In this city, to the wife of Luther
E. Fitch, a sjn. - -
DIED.
- Anderson, Sarah J. Hay*«. Johanna
Apffel. , Katherine Hastings. George A.
Braham, Kate i ¦ Holmes, William M.
Brown, Perry B. Jobnstoa, Alice 'A. ti
Buckland. Dr. W. O. La Comber. Emily
Chllds, ; Mrs. .Geo. B. McElroy, Amanda
Clifton, Luisa B. Millerick. John
Cohenour. Mrs. L. C. Moser. William
Ewell. Edwin C. O'Keefe, Katie
Garvey, William Pedier, Thomas C.
Gillon, Delia Thompson, John D.
Harrington. Wm. P. Titus, Helen A.
. Hart. Michael . . .
ANDERSON— In this city. December 1. 1905.
suddenly, ) Sarah Jane "Anderson, beloved
mother of Mrs. Flora Duff, Albert E.
Edwards of Los- Gatos and Mary A. and
James H. Anderson, and sister of Mrs. Maria
A. Scott, a native of Halifax. "Nova Scotia.
aged 75 years 10 months and 3 days. ; _ j
APFFEL — Entered into rest. In this city! No-
vember 30, 1903. Katherine. beluved wife of
Phillip Jacob AeffeL and devoted mother of
Mrs. Lena Greber. Mrs. W. J. Raymond,
Mrs. John Fell. Mrs. W. *J. Retchteas. Mrs*
\ F. L. Schlicker and Georce, Fred and Albert
Apffel and- the late Mrs. Alfred Brooks, a
native of Hesaen-Darmstadt. Germany, aged
64 years 5 months and 15 days.
GTFrlenfis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday),' at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. W. J. Retchless, 1S05A
Dupont street, between Lombard aad Chest-
nut. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BRAHAM— In this city.^. November 30. 1903.
Kate, widow of Michael Braham, belcved
grandmother of Theresa FarrelJ and Charles
West, and aunt of Mrs. J. Musgrove, a na-
tive of 'St. Stephens, New Brunswick, aged
70 years. . - -
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers". SC6 MLssloa
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the reroee of her. soul at 0 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city. December 1, 1903, Perry
B. Brown, beloved husband of Annie J.
Brown, brother of William T. Brown, and
son-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. -Robert Hughes,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 50 years.
E7Notice of funeral hereafter.
BUCKLAND — In Oakland, November 20, 1903,
Dr. Wallace O.. beloved husband of Kate
McNeil Buckland. a native of Edinburgh.
Scotland, aged 65 years.
¦ |E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services Wed-
nesday, -December 2. 19O3. at • 2 o'clock p.
' m., at First Presbyterian Church, corner
' Fourteenth and Franklin streets. Interment
Mountain Vl«w Cemetery.
CHILDS— In East Oakland. December 1, 1003.
Mrs. Chllds, beloved wife of George B.
Childs, mother of Frances, Harold and Noel
Chllds. and daughter of Mrs. V. E. Ellis, a
native of Amador, aged 30 years and 6 days.
CLIFTON— In this city, November 30. 1903.
Luisa Burton Clifton, beloved mother of
Oress K. Flannagan. Eva F. Hastle, James
and John Dunne, a native of California,
aged tie years 7 months and 15 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services to-
" day (Wednesday), vat 10 o'clock a. m.,
at- t>»e oarlors of the California Undertaking i
Company, 405 Powell street. Interment
: Mount Olivet Cemetery by 11 :30 a. m. train,
from Third and Townsend.
" COHENOUR — In Oakland. November 30. HW3,
Mrsi L. C A. Diss Cohenour, mother of J.
W. F. DUs of Los Angeles, daughter of
Mrs. M. A. and the late M. H. Allen, and
sister of George A. Allen. Mrs. A. J. Hur-
rell and the late Mrs. H. R. Huie. a na-
tive -of- Marthas Vineyard, Mass. (Los An- |
geles papers please copy.) i ..I
(CTFrtends and. -acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at the
. resilience of James Taylor. 1211 Clay street,
between Fourteenth and Fifteenth. Oakland.
Interment ' private, at Hay wards Cemetery.
EWELL — In San Mateo. November 30, 1903,
Kdwln Cbatlin Ewell, a native of Soaoma
County, aeed 33 years 4 months and 17 days.
ffjTThe • funeral will take place from hia
late residence. El Cerita Park, San Mateo.
Wednesday, December 2. at 1 o'clock, thence
taking- electric car at 2 o'clock at San Ma-
teo. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GARVEY- — In this city, November 29, 1903.
William.- beloved 'husband of Mary E. Gar-
vey, father of John and Stephen J. Garvey.
Mrs. C. D. Frey, Mrs. T. J. Molle and the
Ute .William... Daniel J.. Maggie. Stephen
and James Garvey and Mrs. Ann Flynn, and r
grandfather of Eddie and Daisy E. Flyna.
a native of Cashlll.. County Tlpperary, Ire-
! land,- aged 72 years. -
' C7 Remains at the parlors of the- United
Undertakers, 80o Mission street,- between.
Fourth and Fifth.
GILLON— In thU city, November 27, 1903.
Delia, beloved wife of James V. Gillon, and
sister of Mrs. T. M. Hamill . and the late
Mrs. Mary Murray and James Qulnn. a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 42 years. (Ami-
'dor papers please copy.)
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend , the funeral to-day
(Wednesday),- at 1 o'clock, from her late
residence. 816 Folsom street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
HARRINGTON— In ' this city, November 30.
1903. William P., beloved husband of Sallie
T. Harrington, a native of Maine, aged 77
years 7 months and 13 days.
C^Funeral services ' will be held Wednes-
day, December 2. 1903, at 3 o'clock p.- m.
at Coiusa. Cal.
HART— In this city. December 1, 1903, Mich-
ael, beloved husband of Margaret Hart, and
loving father of John, Mary and. Kittle Hart,
a native of the- parish of Eskie. County
Sligo, Ireland, aged 67 years 3 months and
2» days. (Chicago. 111., papers please- copy.)
' E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertak-
ing Comcany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
eoul. - commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
! HAYES — In this city, December I, 1903, Jo-
hanna, beloved -wife of the late Patrick
Hayes, loving mother of Mrs. John J.
O'Brien, Joseph P. .Hayes and Josie Hayes,
and sister of the late "Catherine- Dullea, a
- native of the parish of Ardfleld, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 70 years:
£7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday),' at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 421 Eighth avenue, Richmond dis-
trict, thence to Star of the Sea Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the rcoose of her soul, commencing- at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HASTINGS— In this city, December 1. 1903.
George A. Hastings, beloved ausband of
Abble Hastings, and father of Mrs. J. M.
Downey, Mrs. Gus Johnson. William and
~ George Hastings and the late Mrs. Georse
J. Lynch, a native of New Hampshire, aged
87 years. , . - • . -
E7Fr4end9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully- Invited to attend the fnneral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Gantner Bros.. 1200 Mission street.
* between Eighth ' and Ninth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. - •
HOLMES— In this city, December 1, 1903.
' William M., beloved husband of Mary
Holmes, father of Nettle and Irerta Holmes,
son of James O. and Mary J. Holmes,
brother of Benjamin and George C. Holmes
and Mn. Dr. Rathbun, neoftew of B. Col-
lins, and son-in-law of J. H. and Cathrlna
¦ Middle ton, a .native of Kentucky. A mem-
ber of the Veteran Firemen's Association ef
San Francisco. (Los Angeles papers pleas*
. copy.). ,
E7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. December 3, 1903, at 2 o'clock, at
his late residence, 2764 Twenty-fourth street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. • : • .'
JOHNSTON— In this city. December 1. 1903.
Alice A., beloved wife . of the late B. V.
Johnston, and daughter of Mrs. M. L. Peck,
a native of Missouri, axed 53 years.
LA COMBER— In this city, November 29. 1903.
Emily La Comber, beloved mother of Mrs.
UllSe - Grenler. Mrs. L. House,' Mrs. J.
Ducker. Mr. I Gus Mathews, Mrs. C. N. Peck
- and 'Mrs.' J.' D. Cardlnell. a- native' of Ger-
many, aged 69 years. * A member of Seven
Pines Circle No. 3. Ladles of the G. A. R..
asd a member of Lincoln Corps. W. R. C. .. •
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to .attend funeral . services
Wednesday . morning. December 2. 1903, at
10 o'clock, at the residence of her danra-
" ter. Mrs. J. D. Cardlnell, 223 Fair Oaks
street. ' Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
by clectria funeral car from comer Saa Jose
. avenue and Thirtieth street at 10:30 a. m.
SEVEN Pines Circle No. 3. Ladles of O. A. B.
— Sisters : Yoa ars (requested to attend the fu-
neral of our late, sister, Emily La -Comber,
to be held at her late residence, 228 Fair
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagaa A Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 • Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
' Telephone South 80..
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— Funeral Directors and • Embalmers
Formerly in Metrooolltaa . Temple,
Now at 860 MISSION. Tel. South 167. -
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st. i .
Finest -, Equipments at .Moderate Rates. - ?
James McGinn.' .--^., Henry Hansea.
• JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With. ' McGinn Bros.. . . .
Funeral Directors aad Embalmera.
214 Eddy St.: Tel. Booth 676. '.
¦_ • rEItSO.VALS. , , ¦ . .
A SPECIAL LOW RATE SO DAYS ONLY— I
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have ran&e prices to sines
Jan. 1. 1903. & for the ensuing SO days only.
I will make a liberal reduction from all
prices for my special deep-wrinkle treatment.
The lady who has been en exhibition ia
the drug store windows may be seen at my
ofP.ee this week from 10 to 5. In order to ae-
comrnodate these who have requested to ex-
. amlne the face more thoroughly In private.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
TS1 O'Farrell rt.. sear Larkin. Call er write
for book explaining method.
ALLIK LUND — Folks would ' like to eee you
at h-rne settling the stock on the new lot
la KcJruda: I wish to corse aot. -later than
Dcc^afcxr 12. Address Sherman House. 2S
Eighth st.. C. P.. LUNDAHL. -
C THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proves its growth, stops 'ailing, curea dandruff
and itching pcalp: no stain or etlcklness;
\ cleanses ».~a!p;at Crucgii'ts', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co..1j38 Polk.
NOT how cheap but how good Js.the, motto ef
the manufacturers »f the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the eewtng'-rr.achine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market «fe - . - •
PHYFICIAN. 15 rears' experience, cure* per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
• afldre-s Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
ccrr.er Sutter St.; fee moderate. .
AT les* tha.fi cost, uncalled for suits; overcoats
er.<i trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
| Tailor, 721 Market st.
I LIQUOR habit cured in 2 cays or no charges;
j ' guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Mar-
ket St.. rccm 2C3. '
-ELEGANT suits oa easy Installments; 50 cents
1 . tnd up per wock. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
3 • ket St., between Seventh and Eighth.
* : DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
<iey evgs., Teutonia Hall, Howard et.. nr.
Pth; Prof.' Foster: society dancing taught.
j MASSAGE. hand-rubb!ng treatment: face vl-
tratory machine; genuine. tubs. Prof. Morris,
•j 406 Geary st., nr. Mason; nuree assistant.
! MASQUERADE "commas, play bock^ wir«;
cour.tn- or>r>. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ANDERSON— Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 24 O'Farrell rt.
I EUITS to crder en installments. $1 per week.
I Neuhaus Sc Co.. mercli. tailors, 727-729 Market.
! SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric nee-ile. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse,. 1170 Market.
i THE bert place to buy good umbrellas or have
them covered cr repaired '.s 120 -Stpckton «t.
TAILOR-MADE suit 17 CO: dress pants $2 50.
illsflt Clothing Parlcr. cor. Bush and Dupont.
; ALFRED L'M'S Egyptian Hewia restores gray
h^lr to Us natural eclor; SI; at all druggists'.
1 Superfluous ha'.r anJ moles removed with elec-
j ' trie aw If. Mrs. 4 if Iss Eaton. 1119 gutter.
j A BRANCH rfftce o? Th-» CaJl for the recep-
tion of aJrertiiercentB and subscriptions has
been cloned at 1*- H| 8 Market Et., opposite
Fifth, rtrien until 11 p. m. •>
p\^3LfeTRY.
! K1IE. DEVAS, eclentlfic palmiit and astrolo-
gist: pa'.m readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press. SI : open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Pest rt
I'MME. NEERGARD'S class In palmistry begins
Dec. 1, 8 p. ra. 242 Post St.: terms $10.
H JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 514
Tavicr «t.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
j A J • Knickerbocker Apartments. 134O Pine St.;
'near Hyde — Furnished 3-roora suits: $30 up;
L steam heated, electric lighted: free bath.
I FOUR con. rooms. 2 bedr. bath, toilet, gas
f n.< coal stoves; all necessaries. 1933 Geary.
I GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1202— Sunny front alcove
fuite; kitchen; running water; gaj range.
- LAKKIN, -S1CB — 3 large completely fur. sunny
back rooms; regular, kitchen; bath; phone.
i OAK. 117— Nice farraahed rulte*. IS to $16;
gas range; hot bath; laundry I adults.
THE ANTLERS. 415 Turk— Modern house-
kpg. apartments; 3, 4. 5 rmi.; furn, enfura.
i CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2y>0 Flllmorw.
i "^ l ~™^ "™—^—^— — —^—~^—
APAKTMSITT HOUSES.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Comer Pine ar.d Taylor sts. ; beautiful new
modem aiartm^rrts; all sunny corner suites;
furnished cr unfurnished: none superior: mti
rine. view. LYOX4HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
ROOMS TO LET — Porn, and Cifara.
A— BRUNSWICK House. US Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to Jl per night. II 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rcoms; opea all night. -
AT "The Almonte." 873- Market rt. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25e. 00c. SI. $1 SO night;
$1 CO to S10 week; hcttse open all night.
BURNETT. 142« Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nlfh«d rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furciched susay rootss; prices reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 50o
to (1 80 night; II to $3 week: reading-room.
LAG.TTNA and McAllister. St. James Cat — Sua-
cy single room.
MISSION. 114S — Elegant furaish^d front room;
water; plane; also others; $1 5u week up.
NIVTH. 119 (GUIesple) — Nicely furnished rooms
SI 60 .to <2 50 per week: 50c to 75c per night.
POWELL. 31" — Sunny front suite Jcr doctor or
dentist: also oth«r furnished rooms.
SUTTER. 236 (The Crane) — Elegantly fum.
rconis; new; downtown; en suite or single:
$10 up. • '
E UTTER. 301 (The Larchmont) — New, <nod-
ern. reasonable: no carfare.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eidy St.. nr. Market—
400 eirg!e and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
(1 75 to $3 week; elevator; electric lights;
r*a<ilrg-room : free bus arid baggage.
VAN NESS. C19 — Haa£some sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
S5e to {1 50 night; $2 to IS week; elevator;
elec. lights; readrng-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS. «nbscripUons received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements end subscriptions
received at Call brtuich office. 2200 FlUraore.
A ERANCH office of The Call for' the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions Bas
bwn oserved at 100S Market rt.. opposite
• Fifth. Oron until 11 p. nv
j '^•ttOO M S AXD BOAIID.
hotel Baltimore] "" r "~ ""*
VAN NESS AVE., NEAR GEARY ST.
AMEP.ICAN PLAN.
PHOXB PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706
SELECT FIKST-CLA.SS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES "BY THE MONTH.
MTTNGSR & ZEBESG. PROPRIETORS. .
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS^
MANHATTAN HOTEL. 1704 Market et.— A
strictly .first-class family and tourist hotel of
unquestioned respectability. American plaa.
CALIFORNIA. 1240— Mort select locat|oa In
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
O'FARRELL, SOS— Double and single rooms.
home cooking, in private family; price rea-
sonable.
DORLAND, 24— Nicely furnished room; run-
r.lag water: use of bath; with or without
__ board; suitable for two.
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary et. and Van N^ss
ave.. has changed hands; hereafter conducted
flrwt -class family hotel; table board specialty.
STEVENSON mansion. 607 California st. At-
tractive and sightly rocras; best table aad
service; lowest- rates.
EIGHTH. 402— Front senny room In new flat,
with or without board; with board. J30 mo.
HOOMS WAlfTEP — Apartments.
WANT apartment of 3 rooms and hath, fur-
nished, east of Larkia and north of Gole>n
Gate eve. ; rent not over |35. Box 4581
Call office. r ~^
KC O. MS WAXTED.,
WANTED — By married couple. 2 cr 8 unfur-
nished cr party furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; bath: gas stove; electric light.
St. Julian, box 2S33. Call office. . .
stohage axd waheiiouses.
A— EMPORIUM Storage * VaxTco! TfurnltureT
household roods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co^ of-
fice Post and PoweU »ta.; tel. Prtve. Ex. 57L
CONKLIN*S Storage — Furnltare and merchaa-
<tte. 3S3 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
MIgaion rt. : tel. Howard 941.' F. W. Zehfus*.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fllliccre St.; phooe Jackson, 2S1.
BEKTNS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Mala 1S40. Shipping at cut rates..
SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good NoT~2 P.emingtcn, ¦ NoT
1 Enatli Pnaaier. $25; other typewritera at
higher and lower prices; rentals J2 CO The
Typewriter Exchange. 536- California st.
A FEW good typewriters at «30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110! Mont-
gomery St. ' '• , - ' ': ¦ '
21>-HA>n> typewriters sold. - rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Ca. 808 Market.
Oaks street, oa Wednesday moralag at 9:3a
o'clock. - M.-J. FINCH. President.
'..A^INIE M- PHILLIPS. Secretary.
McELROY— In this city. November 30. 1903.
Amanda R.. beloved wife of Robert McEl-
roy and mother of Robert D. and James R.
McElroy, a native of New York State. ag*4
77 years 10 months and 23 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the to-
day (Wednesday), at 10 o'cWKc a. m.. from
the Simpson Memorial M. E. Church, corner
of Hayes and Buchanan streets. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MILLERICK— In this city, November 30. 1903,
John Millerick. beloved son of John F. aad
Angelina M. MlUerick. brother of Mary.
Rose and Grace Millerick and grandson of
Mrs. C. Richardson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year -and 10 months.
ESTFrlends and acquaintances are ~» re-
spectfully invited to attend * the funeral to-
day (Wednesday), at 1:30 D. ra., from his
late residence. S31 San Jose avenue, between
Thirtieth and Thirty-first streets. Inter-
meat Holy Cross Cemetery. "'•'.;•
MOSER — In this. city. November 30, 1903. Wil-
liam Moser, beloved husband of Betty Moser.
and father of Aurelia. Hermlnle, David and
Benjamin Moser and Mn. J. A. Robinson of
New York, a native of KurUmd. aged 57
years 11 moitths and 17* days.
-E7Friends and acquaintances are respeft- |
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1S30 Eddy street. Interment Eter-
nal Home. Cemetery, by 11:30" o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
O'KEEFE— In this city. December 1. 1003.
Katie, beloved wife of Patrfrrtt O'Keefe. and
mother of John. Joseph. Frank. Mary. Dan-
iel;: Charley. Eddie. Alvln and tha lata Rob-
ert D. O'Keefe, & native of County Donegal.
Ireland, aged 35 years.
E7"Friends snd acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
December 3, from her late residence. 2740
Golden Gate- avenue, at 9:15 o'clock, thence
to Star of the Sea Church, where a solemn
requiem mass, will be celebrated for the re-
pose .of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PEDLER— In this cityT 1 - December 1, 1903.
Thomas Caleb, beloved husband of Bessie
Pedier. and father of Jean. Everett. Louis
and Gladys Pedier, a native of Halifax,-
Nova Bcctia.
THOMPSON— In this city. November 29, 1903.
Jo^n D. Thompson, beloved husband ot
Emma R. Thompson and father of Henry
W., Simon F. and Hattie B. Thompson, ,
Mrs. Orrtn Taber and Mrs. Walter Carroil. ,
a native of Nova Scotia, aged 62 years and
20 days. A member "of Noe- Valley Lodge;
No. 1S5 .ef the Workmen.
Cv'FriendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral service*
Wednesday, December 2. 1903, at 1 o'clock
p. m., at his late residence. 1124 Church
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
by carriage. S
TITUS— la this city. November 30. 1903, Heleri
A., beloved wife of Samuel Titus, and mothsc i
of Mrs. T. A_ Atcfiinson. a native of Ohio. '•
aged 69 years 6 months and 23 days.
DrALWifsh
' W« *\l ** kii f»rm«r ia«j
** * . 847 Geary St
lirMt'y •* r iilt* £ant«5» Ball
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
-j Painless Extraction ..... 25c
Fillings . 50c
Crowns . . . . . 1 $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work ... $5.00 to $25.00.
fcSOS ?ca THIS AS. SACH OTSJB OAT. 'PARIS. Dec. 1. — In spite of the criticism ' f
the naval administration of M. Peletan. t» *
Minister of Marine, on the part of the oppo
sition, the Chamber of Deputies to-day, by a
vote of 292 to 244, sustained the policy of the
Minister. .. . -
San Francisco Association to Con
vene at Bethlehem House of Wor
ship on December 10.
The San Francisco Association of
Congregational Churches and Ministers
will hold its fifth annual meeting: at
Bethlehem Church, Vermont street,
near Twenty-fourth, on Thursday, De
cember 10, at 2:30 p. m.
The 'programme Is as follows: 2:15
p. m., meeting of the membership com
mittee; 2:30 p' m., organization, etc.;
2:45 p. m., "Going to Church," William
Rader, discussion: 3:25 p. m., "Pro
posed Union or Federation of Three De
nominations," W. C. Day; 3:45 p. m.,
discussion; 4:25 p. m., devotional ser
vices, with brief written reports of our
churches,, Huber Burr, leader; 6 p. m.,
business, elections, etc.; 5:30 p. m., re
cess; 6 p. m., supper; 6:30 p. m., after
supper talks, Pastor Hollars presiding;
7 p. m., recess; 7:15 p. m., prayer and
song; 7:30 p. m., topic for the evening
"Deepening of the Spiritual Life"; (a)
"Secret Prayer," James K. Harrison;
(b) "Consecration," Carl Sinclair; gen
eral discussion; adjournment.
ARMY PRISONERS MAKE A
;; .:,' : DASH AND GAIN FREEDOM
WELL KNOWN FIREMAN
ANSWERS THE LAST CALL
Captain William M. Holmes of En
gine Company. 37 Dies After
Long Illness.
William M. Holmes, captain of Engine
Company 37, on Utah street, near Twen
ty-fifth, died yesterday morning at his
home, 2764 Twenty-fourth street, after a
long and painful illness. He had been
confined to bed for several months and
death was not unexpected. S
He never fully recovered from the'ef
fects of injuries received In a collision a
year ago last August while responding to
an alarm of fire. An electric car of the
Twenty-fourth . street line crashed into
the' engine at the crossing of Potrero
avenue, and Holmes ¦ and Engineer Ed
ward Dougherty *were so badly crushed
and bruised that they were incapacitated
for 'work for several weeks.
Captain ' Holmes was one of the best
known and;most popular members of the
Fire Department. He was connected
with the fire-fighting service of the city
for many years, and prior, to- the time
the department became a fully paid or
ganization was captain of Engine Com
pany 13. on: Valencia ' street, between
Twenty-fifth i and .- Twenty-sixth streets.
He • leaves a wife } and two young
daughters. The funeral will take place
Thursday ¦ afternoon - from the family
residence. '^y.
Judge , Morrow, peparts.
¦ United States : Circuit Judge W. W.
Morrow- left this city yesterday for
Washington,' ' D. , C.'. to' attend .the annual
meeting of. the trustees of the Carnegie
Institution. Mrs. Morrow accompanies
him. '.They will ; also visit New York, re
turning In .'about "one:, month. .
Everything, that is new. good and mod
erate priced '.In trunks,; valises, dress
suit cases, , l traveling ; sets, pocketbooks
and wrist bags for.the holiday trade now
on sale. All > leather ' goods lettered in
gold free of * charge. Sanborn, , Vail
& Co. v . •
During a Heavy Fog Two Men Suc
ceed in Breaking Away From
Captivity.
Privates Toch and Barnham, prison
ers on , Alcatraz Island, succeeded In
making their escape from Fort Mason
yesterday morning despite the shots fired
at them by the guards.
The prisoners were brought over to this
side on the army steamer General Mc-
Dowell, where, they were put to work
on the roads of the post.
About 10 o'clock in the morning the fog
settled and became so dense that when
the men broke and ran they were lost to
sight. ...
Warrants have been Issued for their ar
rest, but as yet they have not been ap
prehended. .
Deeds Filed for Laundry Combine.
. Four deeds were placed on record yes
terday covering the conveyance of the
properties of the Empire Laundry Com
pany. Eureka, Laundry . Company, St :
Nicholas Laundry Company and the Pa
cific Laundry Company, to the Metropoli
tan Laundry Company,' a hew corporation
which will handle the business of \ the
fourTconcerns ; in' the future.
Sustains Injuries by Fall.
W. H,; Davis,, who. besides at;737*Misr
slon street, 1 fell from a ladder 'yesterday,
morning: a distance j of twenty; feet while
washing: a window of a corner 'building
on Seventh and Folsom streets. Both
his arms were broken below the elbows.
The injured man •¦ was conveyed to the
Central Emergency. Hospital, .where, he
was treated by Dr.; Murphy. He was
later removed to the ¦ City ; and County
Hoapitai, ; ,; ¦ ;: > ..:
Reduced rates on household goods to & from
the East & South. Bekin's, 11 Montgomery si *
ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
CONGREGATIONAL CHURCHES
The little seven-year-old child of Eu
gene O'Hare. who was reported dead. Is
now convalescing and the condition of
the child points to a speedy recovery:"
The report that the parents were too
poor to procure proper medical attend- •
ance for their children, five of whom died,
of pneumonia superinduced by whooping •
cough, l.s also erroneous.. Mr. O'Hare is
a well-known marine engineer ort this
const.
Child Reported Dead Lives.
One, by way 'of Cazedero, the north
ern terminus of the North Shore road,
extends' north to Fort Ross on the
coast, a distance of eight miles, thence
along the south fork of the Gualala
River to ita Junction, thence over a di
vide into the Garcia Valley and then to
Point Arena and up the coast fifty
miles to Mendocino, leaving 112 miles
between the latter port and Eureka,
twenty-five of which are already cov
ered by the branch road of the Santa
Fe Company. Although this route is a
difficult one, requiring much tunneling
and bridging, to the engineers who
have examined it it is regarded as a
practical one. as It takes in all of the
more important towns along the coast
and passes .through a very valuable
timber section of Northern California.
Although many have contended that
a rail "route along the coast proper
could not be constructed, the engineers
who have been working so mysteriously
for several months in that section of
the State have submitted rougn plans
for one that can be extended northward
from Cazadero to the Navarro River
Valley and then along the lower
ridges, through sparsely populated dis
tricts to a point near the terminus of
the Eureka line. V
With the construction of one of these
lines and the merging of the j North
Shore road with its valuable terminal
facilities, the Santa Fe would soon find
itself on a fair footing with the South
ern Pacific Company, in so far as traffic
in the new field Is concerned, . and
would soon be able by the means of
branch roads to reach out for the inter
mediate traffic that would rapidly de
velop with the advent of new railroad
facilities in that section of the State.
Yesterday it was learned that three
different surveying parties, all sup
posed to be working Indirectly for the
Santa Fe, recently completed a number
of surveys from Cazadero northward
toward Pepperwood, the present south
ern terminal of the San Francisco and
Northwestern Railway a holdingsg. and
that their supplies, sucn as stakes and
other implements necessary on a sur
veying trip, were manufactured in the
Sausalito shops of the North Shore
road and forwarded by that company to
the men in the field. The reports of
these surveys are now In possession of
Chief Engineer Storey of the Santa Fe
Company and show that two routes
other than those originally contem
plated by way of the Eel River forks
are available to the plans of the Santa
Fe to connect Humboldt County with
the bay of San Francisco.
TAPPING TIMBER TRACTS.
done until the new year, it being ad
mitted by Chief Engineer Storey,
however, that serious obstacles had
been encountered and a great deal of
calculating would be necessary before
the surveying could be proceeded with.
Later reports of the Santa Fe having
surveyors at work nearer the coast
aroused much speculation. Their pres
ence so far out of the proposed course
of the new road created comment and
this was followed by stories to the ef
fect that the representatives of Presi
dent Ripley were again dealing with
the owners of the North Shore road,
with which the Santa Fe had an
agreement at the beginning of the
struggle for supremacy between It and
the Southern Pacific in the Humboldt
TWO, ROUTES AVAILABLE.
• BAXGOR. Me., Dec. 1. — Tho plant of the
Hancock Leather Company at Amherst, Me..
wm destroyed by fire to-day. Loss $100,000.
Want Sidewalks Laid.
Ihe Holly Park and Mission Improve
ta/Sat Club has* netitlo'ned .the Board of
Si pervisors to cause to 'be laid a ten
foot sidewalk commenefng at Mission,
street along Crescent avenue to An
dover avenue. ...
Millinery Sale*
Miss I. E. Connor. 138 Geary street,
will. offer to the ladies of San Francisco
all of her French Models at greatly re
duced rates: $35.00 hats, $25.00; S25.00
hats. 1.15. OO; 510.00 hats. J5.00. Sale be
gins Monday* a. a. m., and contipues' for
the.week. . ' •
-.'The "California Promotion. Committee
Renounces lhat information is- desired
rela-tiye to all important industrial de
velopments in -'this State. "A" circular
letter . •has. been prepared (n which it
is set . fort-h " that "the committee does
rot request any . information which will
be inopportune, and only data that tells
6f -work accomplished, or' being done,
or under way.' .is desired. Those who
have projects under way. are: requested
to advise -the committee when arrange
ments are complete.*' - .
PROMOTION .COMMITTEE
• • - : DESIRES HTFORMATION
Kno-xledge .Is Sought Relative to In
: ...dustrial Enterprises That Arer
of General Interest.
United States District Attorney Wood
worth received a communication yester
flay. from Acting Attorney General Hoyt
notifying him of a remarkable decision
grlven recently by United States District
Judge Wheeler of Vermont to the effect
that the Secretary of the Department of
Commerce and Labor has Jurisdiction in
all Chinese cases In which the applicant
claims to be a native-borm citizen of the
United States, and that the United
States courts do not have jurisdiction
In such cases. In conformity with the
suggestion of Attorney Hoyt, Mr. Woqd
worth Instructed Assistant United States
Attorney Duncan E.- McKinley to com
municate with United States Immigrant
Commissioner Hart North and arrant*
for "the submission of a test case.
It is the opinion of lawyers versed in.
Federal law that Judge "Wheeler's decis
ion Is in contravention of the constitu
tion and that the Federal courts have
Jurisdiction to determine the rights of
all persons who apply for habeas corpus
writs, and set forth that they are citi
zens of the United States.
Judge Wheeler of Vermont Writes
. an Opinion on Status of Chinese
- - Citizens.
BLOW AT JURISDICTION
OF FEDERAL COURTS
The department encampment will be
held in Los Angeles next April. Gen
eral A. W. Barrett of this city and Col
onel Rice of Los Angeles are in the
race for leadership in the department.
The contest between F. L.. • Turpin
and Selden Sturges for the honor dt
commanding George H. Thomas Post,
Grand Army of the Republic, for the
ensuing year was settled last night by
the election of the first named. The
number of ballots cast was 150.
Commander-elect Turpin enlisted in
the Union army In 1864, serving first in
a Pennsylvania infantry regiment. He
re-enlisted in the Twenty-first Penn
sylvania Cavalry and served in that
regiment until the close of the war.
He came to California twenty-nine
years ago and is/a man of affairs. He
is the proprietor of the Royal, House, a
director of the Columbian Bank and
president of the Point Richmond De
velopment Company. In- the work of
raising money for the Thirty-seventh
National Encampment of the Grand
Army he was remarkably energetic
and was himself a generous contributor
to the fund collected by George H.
Thomas Post. His generosity and
energy attracted the notice of com
rades and suggested his promotion to
the first place in the -post.
Other officers chosen last night were:
C. W. Gordon, senior vice commander;
B. F. Hobart, junior vice commander;
C. H. Blinn, quartermaster: H. Mc'G.
Wilson, surgeon; R. A. Bigelow, chap
lain; A. J. Vining, officer of the day,
and-W. R. Parnell, C. E. Wilson and
Phil I. Fisher, trustees.
Several days before the election ef
forts we're made to induce one or the
other of the candidates for commander
to relinquish the fight in order that
complete harmony in the post might
prevail, but the supporters of each
aspirant were confident of success.
Comrade Sturges was promoted to post
commander several months ago, having
been selected in regular order to fill
the vacancy caused by the resignation
of Colonel A.' D. Cutler. The fight that
was settled by the election of Mr. Tur
pin will have no bearing on the contest
for department commander to succeed
General Shafter.
Active Contest for Honors
of Leadership Calls
Out Big Vote.
F. I* TURPIN, THE NEW
COMMANDER OF GEORGE
H. THOMAS POST. G. A. R.
Mrs. Gernandt is said to have an un
governable temper. When Lottie would
be found at fault the- mother, It Is
said, would strike her with anything
that might come handy. Some weeks
ago the child's spine was Injured by a
blow from the potato masher, it is al
leged, 'and since then she has been un
able to remain awake very long at a
time. The child says that the mother
would be very angry to see her asleep,
and would awaken her by a blow from
the hatchet, a knife or the scissors.
The neighbors became worked up
over the matter, and finally reported
the case to the Society for the- Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children. Officer
McMurray made an Immediate investi
gation, and removed the little sufferer
from the Gernandt home. She told
again what the neighbors had told be
fore, and added numerous sad details.
Her head hung low, and she was cold
and drowsy.
The mother would have been arrest
ed. White says, had it not been for the
fact of her serious illness. The father
is thought to have been criminally neg
ligent In the matter, and an attempt
will probably be made by White to
have him punished.
One of the most shocking cases of
parental cruelty in the annals of the
San Francisco police authorities was
brought to light yesterday in the home
of W. F. Gernandt, a fireman, at 15C5
Kearny street. A slender little girl of
12 years had been slashed with a knife,
probably permanently injured by a
blow from a hatchet on the back of
her head, stabbed with a pair of scis
sors and beaten with a potato masher.
Worst of all, the mother of the suffer
ing child is alleged to be responsible
for all this brutality.
Secretary White of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children,
to whom the case was brought, says,
however, that he is almost sure that
Mrp." Gernandt ia not right mentally.
The father is said to have visited his
home daily and must have known of
the abuse which has been carried on
for months. White says that he will
probably arrest Gernandt and let him
tell to a Judge how he allowed such a
state of affairs to exist at his home.
Lottie, the little su/ferer, presented
a horrible appearance yesterday. One
ear had been partly torn from her head.
On her nose was a scar which is al
leged to have resulted from a knife
wound inflicted several weeks ago. One
hand is swollen to twice Its normal
size as the result of a bite. The other
hand shows a cut alleged to have
been made by the mother with the
scissors. The child's neck shows the
marks of fingers, where an attempt
had been made to choke her. On the
side of her head was a bruise from a
potato masher. Her hair was matted
with blood, which from the
wound made by the "hatchet. Her spine
has been injured so that she cannot
hold her head up. She told in a dazed
way how It ''\ all happened, and the
neighbors are said by White to have
corroborated her story. Last night she
was taken to the Emergency Hospital
temporarily.
The child has been enduring tortures
resulting from her injuries for weeks,
and It is feared that her health Is ruin
ed forever. The mother is said to be
near death from consumption. There
are seven other children in the family,
but Lottie Is said to be the only one
who has been mistreated. She had
been commissioned by the sick mother
to look after six younger children.
"These properties have been vested
in the San Francisco and Northwestern
Railway Company, a corporation of
which your company, through the
Santa Fe Land and Improvement
Company, owns all the securities. This
line ultimately Is to be extended south
ward to San Francisco Bay, or to a
connection with some existing road
over which connections can be made
with your main line. It Is believed that
these lines will not only be self-sus
taining, but that they will contribute
a large and profitable tonnage to your
existing lines."
SURVEY PARTIES ' AT "WORK.
At the time this report was made
to the directors of the Santa Fe road,
it was positively known to President
Ripley and the directors of the com
pany that Harriman, through' Henry
E. had acquired a firm
hold on the California Northwestern
Railroad and that the only rail con
nection that could be hoped for would
be the North Shore road. Several
surveys had also been made by the
company In a southeasterly direction
from Eureka, apparently with a view
of finding a route jlown the forks of the
Eel River and through the territory
claimed by the California Northwest
ern. Suddenly, however, the* prelim
inary work on the ¦ contemplated lines
ceased and the statement was given
out that nothing further would be
That some big corporation is now
behind the North Shore road is a sus
picion that is general, and of all the
large railroad concerns that would
likely seek business affiliation with
the coast road, the Santa Fe Company
is regarded as the only one that would
be advantageously benefited by such
a move. In his recent annual report,
President E. P. Ripley of the Santa Fe
Company, in referring to the purchase
by the corporation of the two small
roads running out of Eureka, made
this statement: '
Just what caused President Martin's
visit to the East is not Known beyond
those associated with him in the rail
road. It was given out at the time of
his departure that he was going to be
gone for several months, but he had
been in the East only a few weeks when
the news reached here that he was on
his way back, and hardly had he
reached town before the story of the
acquirement of a new working capital
was a matter of comment.
SIGNIFICANT. REPORT.
Following closely upon this story is
another that the coffers of the North
Shore road have been lately enriched
to the extent of $1,000,000. and that dur
ing the coming season, as soon as con
struction gangs can be engaged in out
door work, important extensions are to
be made on the road. President John
Martin of the North Shore road, who
has just returned from a hurried trip
to New. York, admitted this much last
evening. In reply to a question as to
whether this money had been secured
by a further issuance of bonds he said
that no bonds had been Issued, but that
the money had been raised without any
great trouble and .that the greater part
of it would be used during the coming
year in work- along the coast, the na
ture of which, he said, he was not at
this time prepared to state.
MOBE WORKING CAPITAL.
Stories of an alliance between the
San Francisco and Northwestern Rail
way, the corporation under whose title
the Santa Fe Company purposes to
build a road down the coast from the
north, and tha North Shore road,
whereby tho terminal facilities of -the;
latter concern wiir eventually be shared
by the former, are going the rounds of
railroad and local financial circles. In
fact, the story haa been considered of
sufficient importance to the officials of
the Southern Pacific Company to war
rant a thorough investigation, but
whether the inquiries made by the
agents of President Harriman have re
sulted in the development of confirma
tory results is a matter that lies within
the Bounds of General Manager Krutt
schnitt's office. This much is known,
however: The Southern Pacific man
agement is satisfied that the Santa Fe
Company has recently effected some
kind of arrangement with the North
Shore road representatives by which,
if it la so Inclined, It can merge its
proposed new coast line with that of
the North Shore, connecting the two
at Cazadero, and thereby give the Santa
Fe a quick route from Eureka to the
bay and advantageous connections with
San Francisco.
Charitable Society Likely
to Have tha Father
Arrested.
Mysterious Movements That
May End in Absorption
of North Shore.
Santa Fe Is Said to Be
Again Dealing With
Coast Line.
Lottie Gernandt Is Cut
and Hammered by
Mother.
CHILD SUFFERS
AWFUL AGONIES
RIPLEY WAMTS
MARTIN'S ROAD
THOMAS POST
ELECTS TURPIN
TO HIGH PLACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, WEDNESDAY,- DECEMBER 2, 1903.
16
t •;::- ADVERTISEMENTS.
DEASY BROS.'
ENTIRE SHOE STOCK
- Must Be Sold
REGARDLESS OF COST
¦/:?:{;'¦ . SALE PRICES:
BURT & PACKARD'S "KORRECT
SHAPE" $4 SHOES, no,w
BUCKINGHAM & HECHTS NOVA
SCOTIA SEAL, cork soles, hand-sewed,
regular $5 shoes, now ..^3. 15
LADIES* FELT ROMEOS. fur trimmed,
in all colors, -regular. $1.35, sale price. <J5c
MEN* S ALLIGATOR AND VELVET
" SLIPPERS, ln all colors, regular price SI,
sale price 45o
BOYS' KAST IRON SCHOOL SHOES,
regular price ?2, now. . . . *. .... . .? 1 .-(>
The Famous "LA. FRANCESCA" $3.50
LADIES' SHOES, In 16 different styles.
, now ...:...........-..........: 92.45
INFANTS' 75c SHOES, now....... 35c
$40, 000 .WortFofShOB Bargains
'. — AT— i .
Dcasy Bros. Shoe Sale
20 6th STREET,
COR. STEVENSON.".,' ¦:
MAIL ' ORDERS PROMPTLY " ATTEND-
ED TO. . • : •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J^Real Easy*Sj|
* • Everything that's. ,,•
Beautiful. • \ . '
Chinaware, Crockery
Glassware
*5»U • Fancy Holiday
Ornaments and Novelties • •
Dolls, Lamps, Clocks
Rich Cut Glass*
. Dinner Sets
Come before Parting with
your Money
rOet our prices ft *
Great Americas Importing
100 Stores •• P
That's the. Reason. °Jr
S61 Market. 1419 Polk. 1819 Ifertmdero.
210 Grant »?• 705 Larktn. 20C6 StzteeatlL *
140 Sixth. 475 Halght. 621 Mont/t'y ar. •
355 Haye*. . 2518 Mission. 32S5 Mlscton. .
148 Ninth. B2 Market. 388 Third.
20CS Flllroor*. 2732 21th. 46D Fourth. • *
Ltmdstrom < ;
; Hats
Are deservedly popular, becauw* '••.*¦
they're right. They're an honest ;
exchange for your money. They're
made ln two grades only- *
$2.50 and $3.50
But they're made In 40 styles of
soft hats and 33 styles at d?rbte».
All the newest blocks.
Union made and home-made.
Made to fit your head. too. .
Try one of Lundstrom's popular
hats.
Pacific "Coast Hat
Works,
"Makers of Hats that are Right." •
1458 Market Street,
Opp. 'Central Theater.
and 605 Kearny Street.
Hat orders make good Xmaa gift*.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' _,^^^,. ,^ , * - -
SPECIAL VALUES
£ ¦.'"• ¦ .' *".-i ///i. ... V -:.V. '¦
I IVJ
This week we will have on sale EXTRA •
VALUES in Lace Curtains, Down and Wool
Comforters, Lace Bed Sets, Battenberg and .
Cluny Tidies, Scarfs and. Center Pieces,
Tapestry arid Velour Table Cavers, Coucfr
Covers, Portieres, White Blankets and -.Mar-
seilles Bed Spreads.
....SPECIALS....
ARABIAN and RENAISSANCE LACE CURTAINS, new
designs.. $300, $3.50, $4.50 and $6.00 Pair
TAPESTRY PORTIERES, figured and plain colors..,.
$3.50, $4.50 and $5.00 Palp I
TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS, full 2 uaxds- square, lat- *
' est colorings -..- - .* $3.50 Each
EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS with French sateen xoYer-
lng.... $4.50, $5.00, $6.00 and $7.50 Each
SILK and SATIN COVERED EIDER DOWN and : W00L *
COMFORTERS, Doth plain and figured . . . - : . .
.....$10.00 to $25.00 Each.
FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, full Size....'.
$5.00, $6.00, $7.50 and $8.50 Each
FULL SIZE WHITE MARSEILLES BED SPREADS' la ;
Yeru handsome designs $2.75. Each
TKJ *TT^ y T* Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
l^lvJ' 1 H—/ All orders for samples or goods filled
1 and shipped same day they are received.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,
JOE ROSENBERG'S. _._.._*
7^_*VOTxlxi5t^fiffI"'"f'fr t '*1 "Von "¦ y -* i '»* - ***' *¦<*»»**¦** «^'.fctstri«
Sale of Pillows
At prices that you would never expect to get them, especially this
time of the year. If you do not want them for yourself now, why
not get Some, and lay them aside for holiday gifts for your friends?
LOT I. LOT 3.
CUSHION'S 23 Inches, square, cov- • TURKISH CUSHION' COVERS
eredVlth^fancv co?o£d sllkollne * In AXD BACK-The genuine kind full
iSfandflbwer designs; trimmed all "23 inches square Made in bright,
arourd with a solid colored ruffle.- fancy colored stripes, with large
W^U filled and both sides alike. You" tassel In each corner." The quantity
will appreciate" tholr real- worth will not last long at this low price..
when you see them at . this ** c
VE££M C LOT 4.
LOT 2# , ' • PAINTED CUSHION COVERS—
• crsiflOVS 25 Incises square, co-r- Made onlwllled art denim. 25 Inches
ered with 'imported colored sateen-; square. Beautiful heads and other
In fancy flower, "leaf and bowknot designs, such as fencing girls, the
df-isns Trimmed all rcrund with bathing girls. I^dy Leslie Alecina.
tVe same rr.pterial. and well filled. the* Queen "of Roses, also Mabeline
N-owhere but at the Price Cutter's and others. When you see them
will vou be' able to find these at this you won't buy one. but you will buy
lVw price . ... .:...' : • • • 39c * them by the half dozen at thlsjow
p r i c © ••••¦••••••••••••¦••••*• o c» ¦
To Tficse Who Make ¦ ¦ A1 , stor : S Cry Barga j ns , but When We
Hand-Made Battenberg Lace. Say Bargains You Cm Depend. Upon It
.,2S w!th a buTS iSS SSI? J£i *™< of *' * uddln * Ia ln tli0
Imd finished with a two-inch-wide «» *• var(Js of NO RMANDY or
hand-made Battenberg -lace. You poiXT DE PARIS LACE or IN-
.¦wm never take the trouble- to make g ER ; T ION. From one to five Inches
er.y more- yourself - when you^ see , n bowknotf co ral , tulip, rose
.-them at this low price / -oC and j^f designs. The good wash-
en. i. .«..•! «< ?l*fth ' • Ing kind that can be used for under-
• 69C InStEafl 01 Jl.UU. - W e ar or fancy work. While on dis-
. LADIES* GENUINE FRENCH Play at the Price Cutter".. „ . -^
KID OLOVES — Patent two clasps. **>- '
.^S'^nSi.iServ.^^r J2S *S On .the Bargain Counter it Us
.inr; U> gray mbde, "tan also black Ent^MB
f?*V«n-,ven exenanw 'for 6?c We v111 P ut on sale 20 ° holta ot
than an even exchange jor. . . .t>.»c RIBB0N _ The imported kind. Made
-fQ. Inctaarf nf OhP* and 3$P "f all-silk taffeta; wfdths 40. 60 and
.ISC inSIsZB 01 idZ anu JjL. . - g0; three> f our and five inches wide:
CUSHION - CORDS— Full three in plaids. Dresden, stripes, dotted
ann a quarter yards long: made of and solid colors, such as cream,
nilk-finished yarn, ln different com- pink. blue, white and black. If you
bir.atlons of colors, such as red. yel- need any. for neckwear or fancy
Jow green lavender, etc. Finished <rork here Is your opportunity to
with an extra large tassel. At the buy -25c and 35c Ribbons for
Price Cutter's -19c ••••;• 1*>C a yard
• •¦ ;" 816 Market Street and 41 OTarrell Street, Phelan Building.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
p MEM- TO
A. compact Range—costs
no more than a castiron stove and takes
up. no more room. Scientifically made
for good cooking and quick heating.
Special for the Week, $26 75.
The regular price of this range is $40. It is special
this week only to: Induce you to see what a good stove
looks like, or rather, what a hundred' good* stoves look
like. We have by far the biggest department of cast
stoves and steel ranges in the West.
"The Credit House" 233-235-23? Post, St.